3) 0) text: Adam wheels his suitcase down the front path of this mode well-kept suburban home, as a recovered, dressed, embarra and somewhat shell-shocked Lily follows with a small bag. They both stop 10 yards short of a RANGE ROVER, where the black man, NICK, waits in the car, waving.
3) 26) dialog: I'm more than willing to forget about earlier, but this shit's going on Facebook.
4) 0) text: Nick drives through SUBURBIA, while Adam rides shotgun.
4) 1) dialog: I have no idea what Facebook is. My phone has a button that says Send To Facebook. I've been sending shit there for months. Adam looks out the window, smiling.
4) 3) dialog: Ditto, buddy. I'm gonna help you make up for all the good times you missed when you were being a responsible member of society.
4) 5) dialog: This trip represents everything awesome about being a dude.
4) 12) dialog: We're gonna drink too much, eat whatever we want...
4) 15) dialog: Best of all, we don't have to answer to anyone. Nick's PHONE rings and he answers it with his built-in BLUETOOTH. His phone voice is a little more "sensitive."
4) 35) dialog: The whole damn chain.
5) 0) text: Nick's car pulls into the lot of a rundown motel.
6) 13) dialog: So you're sorta like a bum now, huh?
7) 2) dialog: Why would I take offense to that?
7) 4) dialog: Because he's black?
7) 6) dialog: Not really.
7) 16) dialog: So... what? Your wife likes black dick now?
8) 0) text: Nick's car pulls up across from a nice apartment building a well-dressed, well-groomed, overly polished-looking YOU GUY in his 20s (JACOB) comes out, carrying a MESSENGER BA
10) 0) text: Lou walks from the bathroom back to the TABLE where Adam, Nick, and Jacob sit and eat.
10) 2) dialog: I don't wanna hear about it.
10) 18) dialog: Yeah, isn't Lily your fourth?
10) 37) dialog: Guys, come on. Let's move past it. This is gonna be a fun weekend.
10) 47) dialog: That's the biggest mistake of your life?
11) 0) text: Nick's car transitions from the HIGHWAY to the MOUNTAINS the WOODS, as we track the drive. Finally, the car passes a "Welcome to Havenhurst" sign.
11) 1) dialog: Gentlemen... welcome to Havenhurst.
13) 9) dialog: What the fuck is going on? The car climbs a twisty part of the road.
13) 10) dialog: Please god let it still be there...
13) 13) dialog: Yes! It lives! The car continues to climb and the whole sign comes into view: "Pinkberry."
15) 9) dialog: OK so the place skews a little older. Let's check in. We're not spending our time inside anyway.
16) 4) dialog: 
16) 18) dialog: Gentlemen... in this room lies the beginning of our awesome weekend.
17) 10) dialog: We'll feel a lot better once we hit the slopes.
18) 0) text: On a patio outside their suite, our guys stare at a KICK- TOP OF THE LINE HOT TUB. Spacious seating, plenty of jets underwater lighting. It's amazing. Adam, Nick, and Lou look energized.
18) 5) dialog: There's plenty of time for tubbin'. Let's ski.
19) 0) text: At the top of the mountain, Adam, Nick, and Lou look ridiculous in TIGHT, RETRO-STYLE NEON SKI JUMPSUITS. Jaco on a snowboard, is the only one dressed in current attire
19) 3) dialog: I think we look good.
19) 10) dialog: All right, we race down the mountain. Loser buys first round. Premium shit only.
19) 12) dialog: What does that mean?
19) 14) dialog: Of course black dudes ski. Aren't I wearing skis?
19) 16) dialog: You're calling me an Uncle Tom?
19) 18) dialog: It means black dudes ski. (pulls down goggles) Catch ya at the bottom. Nick takes off and... gets about 15 FEET, before he hits GRASSY PATCH and falls over.
20) 0) text: Nick wears his "going out clothes" and walks along the ma drag talking into his PHONE. It is clear that he is being CONSTANTLY INTERRUPTED on the other end of the conversati
20) 5) dialog: 
21) 7) dialog: Thank you. The waiter walks away and Nick RAISES HIS GLASS in a toas
21) 8) dialog: I'd like to propose a toast. To my best friend, Adam. He may be throwing his life away, but at least he's throwing it away with a hot chick at his side. The guys LAUGH and clink glasses.
21) 9) dialog: And so what if you only have one vagina for the rest of your life. Speaking as someone who's seen your wife's vagina -- it's definitely one of the good ones. Lou and Jacob look confused, but clink glasses anyway, as Adam mouths "What the fuck" to Nick. Jacob raises his glass.
21) 12) dialog: To Adam!
21) 22) text: This kung pau chicken pairs very nicely with the 97 cab. Very impressive choice, Nick. NICK
21) 26) text: Nick, look. You had great intentions. No one's blaming you. LOU
21) 30) text: OK I'll admit this trip is not off to the best start. But we're due for a victory! Nick thinks and actually gets an idea. He SNAPS his finge NICK (CONT'D)
21) 33) text: Why did we even bother with dinner? Adam and Nick get up too. JACOB
22) 0) text: Lou, Adam, and Nick all have HUGE SMILES, as they gaze at tub. They each hold a TON OF BOOZE. Jacob looks indifferent and a little turned off by it all Lou strips down to his underwear and CLIMBS IN. LOU
22) 3) text: I really don't see the appeal. It's like a glorified bath. NICK
22) 4) text: Jacob. Son. The hot tub is the whole thing! You ski all day. Then you hit the town, get trashed, and lure some fine ladies back to the lodge for some good old fashioned tubbin'. Nick CRACKS A BEER and pats Jacob on the back. NICK (CONT'D)
22) 5) text: So the town's dead? Fine, we skip that part and go right to the tub. Trust me. If there's fun to be had, the tub is a good start. Nick gets in. NICK (CONT'D)
22) 9) text: I'm not convinced this is anything more than a bath, but it's nice. NICK
23) 11) text: That's why I'm eating your sandwich. I'm fucking starving. NICK
25) 0) text: In QUICK CUTS, the guys hit the slopes: -- In his ridiculous snowsuit, Nick skis down the mountai With the new snowfall, he expertly glides along. -- Jacob applies some LIP BALM and flies down the mountai a SNOWBOARD. People glare at him with confused expression -- Adam uses the snowplow method to slowly descend. He's beginner skier. He takes the time to look at the surroundings and notices a YOUNGER, HOTTER CROWD skiing today. Lots of BLONDE SKI BUNNIES wearing PASTEL colors. ADAM
26) 0) text: Adam shares a gondola with Nick, as they make their way u the mountain. A DUDE IN SUNGLASSES sits across, napping. Adam takes a FLASK out of his backpack. He and Nick look over their shoulders like scheming kids as they take a ni    
26) 3) text: I mean not like I want to be away from Lily. You know. NICK
26) 5) text: I love her. But you guys are right. I'm gonna be with her for the rest of my life. NICK (NODS)
26) 7) text: It gets easier, right? No offense, but watching you talk with Courtney- NICK
26) 8) text: You're gonna be fine. You'll settle in, get the premium cable package - the usual deal. Adam nods. NICK (CONT'D)
26) 9) text: You'll wake up every morning, comforted by the fact that your wife doesn't wield her family's wealth over your head like a hangman's noose. Adam looks concerned, as Nick wistfully goes on... NICK (CONT'D)
26) 10) text: You'll breathe the air of life, making the occasional decision - maybe get some lawn furniture. How about steak for dinner? Yes, let's get that juice machine I saw on TV. Let's fucking go for it. Nick stares off into the distance. ADAM
26) 11) text: Nick?    
26) 19) text: Take it. It's good shit. NICK
26) 21) text: Yeah, I'm good. The dude removes his sunglasses. He has a dead look in hi eyes, studying Nick and Adam.
26) 26) text: I'm Crockett, obviously! (TO NICK)
27) 0) text: At the top of the mountain, Nick looks WIDE AWAKE. Adam, the other hand, looks COKED OUT OF HIS SKULL. He sniffs, fidgets, clenches his jaw, and looks generally "up." NICK
27) 2) text: I've never ridden the horse before. NICK
27) 4) text: I don't know what kind of animal I'm riding, but it's the best animal of all time. I feel great! Adam uses his SKI POLES to push off the top of the mounta and he goes FLYING DOWN THE SLOPE. NICK
29) 0) text: Adam and Jacob walk in the front door. Gone are the child and old people. The living room off the lobby presently hosts what appears to be an amazing 80s RETRO PARTY. A ra plays Miami Sound Machine's "Conga." Girls and guys wear printed sweaters, feathered dos, and leggings. It's something out of a mid-80s Aspen photo sho Nick walks in behind them, looking as confused as them. H turns up his palms and shakes his head, at a loss for wor ADAM
30) 0) text: The suite looks a little "fresher." The furniture is the same, but everything's in better shape. It looks almost n Adam, Jacob, and Lou sit in the main room with the TV on, Nick emerges from a bedroom. JACOB
30) 1) text: Has anyone else noticed that things around here are weird as shit? Adam and Nick nod. Lou shakes his head.    
30) 12) text: We all have plans. It's my fucking wedding! NICK
30) 16) text: What the FUCK is going on?! Nick stands up and calmly takes charge. NICK
30) 17) text: Everyone relax. I think I know what's happened. And when we're done discussing it, we're all gonna feel a lot better. Everyone looks to Nick, who seems to have the answer. NICK (CONT'D)
30) 18) text: Two words: black hole. He lets it hang in the air for a moment, as if it's sudde going to gel for everyone. But the guys look confused. NICK (CONT'D)
30) 20) text: This happens? NICK
30) 21) text: Yes. And the best thing for us to do is to stay put. The universe will eventually reverse itself and work out this little glitch. Nick sits down, looking satisfied in his know-it-all-ness ADAM
30) 28) text: Guys, ignoring the ridiculousness of how we got here for a moment-- NICK
31) 9) text: Wait a minute. Just tell him. NICK
32) 1) text: That went well. Lou starts walking off by himself. NICK (TO LOU)
33) 0) text: SPLASH! A WET T-SHIRT CONTEST is underway on a STAGE. Whitesnake on the juke, PAC MAN on the tables, and cheap beers in the mugs - this is an amazing brew pub. Our guys sit in the back, wearing PINE VALLEY LODGE shirt There are MANY EMPTIES on the table and they look VERY DR In a roped-off area in the corner, a cocky YOUNGER PHIL ( one-armed bellhop) wields a CHAINSAW that he uses to carv ICE SCULPTURE, impressing the bar crowd. He has BOTH ARMS NICK
33) 4) text: Fuck that guy. ON THE STAGE, TWO GIRLS compete for wettest t-shirt. They both decide that NO T-SHIRT is the wettest option. NICK
33) 11) text: What? I have lipstick on my teeth? Nick sips his WINE COOLER, feeling the eyes of the others him. NICK
33) 15) text: Guys, we're in trouble. Our cards aren't gonna work and our new money looks fake. The guys look concerned, but then Nick notices something: A TABLE FULL OF JAPANESE BUSINESSMEN. NICK
33) 16) text: I've got an idea. As Nick gets up and approaches the businessmen, Adam look around the room and by the bar, he spots --    
33) 38) text: How about figure out how the hell to get back to the present day? Nick walks back to the table and SLAMS down a pile of CAS    
33) 41) text: We're millionaires! NICK
33) 43) text: Where did you get that money? Nick points out the Japanese Businessmen. NICK (PROUDLY)
33) 48) text: (looking at watch) Fellas, we are not making progress and we're losing time. NICK
33) 50) text: Uh, yeah it is. Lest we forget the lessons learned from Bill and Ted. NICK
33) 52) text: That's not fair. You can't go right to Back to the Future. NICK
33) 55) text: Back to the Future had a time machine. NICK
33) 57) text: Wait, that's it! I can't believe I'm about to say this, but I think we have a time machine. NICK
34) 1) text: Here goes nothing! They simultaneously DOWN their drinks. Nothing happens. Like the chimps in 2001, each of them begins FIDDLING WIT KNOBS and PUSHING ON LIGHTS, trying to find the magic but After a few moments: NICK
35) 0) text: A DELOREAN is parked in the empty lot. Adam, Nick, and Ja look at it, drunkenly and bleary-eyed. Adam and Nick trad swigs from a BOTTLE OF WHISKEY. The gull wing door opens and Lou steps out, in a foul moo LOU
35) 2) text: (to Adam and Nick) We'll travel to 2010. Then one of us will come back and get one of you. And so on and so forth.
37) 0) text: Adam and Nick watch the car pull out of the parking lot. ADAM (SOBERING SLIGHTLY)
40) 0) text: Adam and Nick watch the accident from a distance. ADAM
41) 3) text: Who the hell are you dweebs?! Lou is up IN A FLASH. He IMMEDIATELY DECKS THE GUY OUT CO and PUMMELS HIM on the floor! The others pull him off. NICK
41) 5) text: I have no tolerance for intruders. NICK
43) 0) text: The guys look physically exhausted. NICK
43) 2) text: It's 8:45. The other guys look at their watches, surprised. NICK
44) 0) text: It's like the 80s exploded. Music, clothes, hair, attitud it's all on overdrive. In one section, PARTY-GOERS marvel DUCK HUNT, while in another area, people make out and dan Adam, Nick, Lou, and Jacob walk in the front door. They h updated their "looks" with 80s sweaters and other era- appropriate attire. They all look ridiculous, except for Jacob, whose youth lends him hipster appeal. ADAM
44) 2) text: It's good to be home. In a corner, Phil puts his ARM in a SHARK TANK. Just as t shark goes to bite, he PULLS HIS ARM OUT, unscathed. A sm crowd claps. Our guys are confused and upset. NICK
44) 19) text: (putting it together) So it's like jello. With vodka. NICK
44) 21) text: How come no one ever thought of this before? NICK
44) 23) text: I appreciate you. NICK
44) 35) text: Nick! Nick! Nick! He finishes the last of the beer, and the crowd celebrate PARTY GUY
44) 36) text: This guy should be in charge of everything! NICK
49) 16) text: Nothing's wrong with it. It's beautiful. In the next bed, Nick rolls over and wakes up. NICK
49) 18) text: Stay out of it, Nick! LILY
50) 1) text: Vagina... huh? He sees Nick sitting on a bed on the other side of the ro He's ON THE PHONE, talking quietly with someone.
51) 0) text: A 6-YEAR-OLD COURTNEY (Nick's future wife) listens to thi crying man on the other end of the phone.
51) 5) text: Who are you talking to? Nick looks at Adam and covers the receiver. NICK
51) 11) text: Get off the phone!! But Nick is down the rabbit hole.
51) 18) text: Hey, get the hell out of my room! In one move, Lou catches him inside the room, closes the with his foot, and puts the guy in a HEAD LOCK. He then converts it into a SLEEPER HOLD, putting the guy to sleep NICK
53) 0) text: Adam, Nick, and Lou take a soak in the tub. ADAM
53) 3) text: Guys! I refuse to accept that we're stuck in 1987! Maybe you're loving it, Lou. But you don't get it. Nick's insane, Jacob's become a bigger douche than before, and I need to get back for my goddamn rehearsal dinner? Which is tomorrow! LOU (CALMLY)
53) 9) text: What was I saying? Adam and Nick get out and towel off. Lou follows. ADAM
53) 10) text: Maybe we have to learn something? NICK
53) 13) text: I've gotta stop doing cocaine and I need to go to the hospital. I just saw a fucking kitten explode. NICK
53) 17) text: Our old present. NICK
56) 0) text: Nick leaves a pet store, carrying a BOX OF KITTENS. On th street, he accidentally bumps into one of the Japanese businessmen from the night before. He has a THICK ACCENT, like Gedde Watanabe in "Gung Ho." NICK
56) 3) text: Oh, it's a very nice toy. NICK
56) 8) text: My associates and I are co- financing a... how do you say it... supermarket business. NICK (SUSPICIOUS)
56) 10) text: Yes! Boston! We leave tonight. NICK
56) 12) text: Yes! How do you know this? Nick puts his arm around the guy and walks down the stree NICK
58) 0) text: A GUY and a GIRL are using the hot tub, which is still ho and bubbly, despite the fact that it isn't plugged in. Nick and Lou sit at the table, as Adam approaches with CA ADAM
58) 1) text: I got regular cats. I figured maybe the kitten was a fluke. Nick takes the box out of his hands and puts it down. NICK
58) 8) text: What is that? NICK
59) 4) text: Who the fuck is Hank Musselman? NICK
59) 7) text: Scientific method. NICK
59) 11) text: It worked, didn't it? NICK
59) 13) text: Yes there is! Come on! Adam heads for the door, as Lou and Nick follow.
60) 0) text: Jennie instructs a group of TEENAGERS on the basics of skiing, as Adam approaches, with Nick and Lou in tow.    
60) 3) text: Why would you do that?! Behind Adam, Nick looks at the group of TEENS and his eye almost BUG OUT. He elbows Lou. NICK
60) 4) text: (whispers, teeth clenched) Look. Lou looks to where Nick is looking: YOUNG ADAM, YOUNG NICK, and YOUNG LOU wait with other kid for Jennie to return to their lesson. LOU
60) 5) text: Holy shit! Lou immediately approaches the kids, even as Nick tries t hold him back. NICK (TEETH CLENCHED)
60) 7) text: What the hell do you want, old man? Lou PUNCHES his YOUNGER SELF in the face. Young Nick and Young Adam are freaked out, as is regular Nick. Adam does notice, as he's arguing with Jennie.
61) 0) text: Adam walks off the mountain with Nick and Lou. LOU
61) 8) text: Ah. NICK
62) 2) text: You live here? NICK
62) 13) text: Whattya say? Can we work this out like gentlemen? Blaine PULLS A KNIFE. Tad and Chaz also PULL KNIVES. NICK
63) 0) text: Adam, Nick, Lou, and Jacob are confused, as Blaine, Chaz, Tad spring to action, helping CUSTOMERS choose sunglasses Jacob approaches Tad and Chaz, who look embarrassed. JACOB
63) 7) text: Safe's on a timer. It'll open tomorrow. We race at dawn. Winner gets the bag. Loser leaves town. Lou turns to Nick. LOU
64) 0) text: Nick, Lou, and Jacob walk behind Adam, who looks pissed. NICK
66) 0) text: A few yards away from Nick and Lou, Adam sits on the grou as Jacob helps him strap into the snowboard. JACOB
70) 3) text: Ah, it was nothing. I just fell down the mountain. NICK
80) 0) text: Nick, Lou, and Jacob look sick. ADAM
82) 0) text: The guys stare at the tub, which continues to bubble, eve though it's not plugged in. NICK
82) 12) text: Holy shit! You may have killed this guy! No wait... wait... I've got a pulse. Eh, so much for that. Nick puts his hand on Adam's shoulder. NICK
82) 16) text: The Red Bull isn't really gone. (points to Blaine) It's in him. A beat, as everyone sorta gets it. NICK
83) 0) text: Adam, Nick, and Jacob sit in the tub. Adam crosses his fingers. Lou stands outside the tub, fully dressed. ADAM
83) 3) text: Nah, I'll take a rain check. NICK
83) 5) text: Listen, your lives at home sound all beautiful and happy with your barbecues and swimming pools and "oh, that sandwich reminds of some gay shit I did one time." Adam and Nick don't look thrilled to be reduced to this. LOU (CONT'D)
83) 8) text: No offense. Adam, Nick, and Jacob kinda nod and understand. ADAM
83) 9) text: Yeah, no, I get it. Lou goes around and gives them all hugs. NICK
83) 15) text: One small step for man! One giant asshole puking in a hot tub! Here goes nothing! Lou does the HEIMLICH MANEUVER on Blaine. It takes ONE... TWO... THREE THRUSTS until Blaine PUKES IN THE TUB! For a second, it's just a BIG SPLASH of VOMIT and nothing else. NICK
83) 16) text: OK, well maybe if we-- A BRIGHT FLASH CONSUMES THE SCREEN! And when it dies down we see Adam, Nick, Jacob (and the floating puke) in the h tub where we left them. Only Lou is missing. ADAM
83) 17) text: What happened? Did it work? NICK
83) 19) text: Guys, look. They see PEOPLE walking by, wearing COLORFUL FLARED-OUT S ATTIRE. The place looks the same as it did two seconds ag NICK
83) 34) text: I'll give you the short version, because time is of the essence. First of all, to settle an old bet, time most definitely has been moving forward. It is exactly three days since you've arrived here in beautiful Havenhurst. Jacob looks at Nick. JACOB
85) 6) text: Good to hear. NICK
85) 8) text: Time travel paradox. NICK
85) 10) text: Think really hard about that one. What happened to me when I was 19? Nick shrugs. He looks at Adam. Suddenly, both their eyes nearly pop out of their skulls. NICK
85) 18) text: The kid sucked, OK? He couldn't take even a little bit of direction. Pretty soon I realized that having two versions of the same dude walking around -- as cool as that sounds -- didn't make very much sense to me. NICK
85) 20) text: So I took care of the problem. NICK
85) 26) text: Yeah, it was really some existential shit. I mean, here I am committing homicide and I'm actually committing suicide. NICK
85) 34) text: So hey, getting married, huh? Taking the plunge! Adam looks disturbed. Nick looks confused. NICK
86) 2) text: I'm here on time. Just like I promised. Nick sits down next to COURTNEY and Jacob takes his seat. ADAM (CONT'D)
87) 0) text: Nick SLOW DANCES with Courtney. NICK
87) 4) text: You look so good in this shirt, by the way. Nice choice. She puts her head on Nick's shoulder as they dance. NICK
88) 1) text: Hiro-san! Cancel the paperwork! We have to get back to Tokyo. I have inside information that undermines the supermarket deal. Nick stands next to him, nodding and SMILING WIDELY. BACK TO:
89) 0) text: Nick enjoys dancing with his mellow, awesome wife. NICK (SMILES)