0) 0) dialog: Back then, this is years ago, I couldn't afford secrets. I just had chores. With toothbrush in mouth she moves her hair around, tryin one way, then another. INT. DAISY’S HOUSE AUNT’S BEDROOM. DAY Daisy, dressed, on her knees, helps her elderly Aunt pull stockings up over her thick legs.
0) 1) dialog: As a child, growing up, we had been rich. And then -- well, we weren’t. EXT. DAISY’S HOUSE PORCH. DAY. Daisy comes out onto the porch followed by two Scottie do the screen door slams shut behind her. The dogs start bar at the noise; she ignores them.
0) 2) dialog: And like most people during the Depression, I now lived each day as it came, no longer expecting anything. She carries an empty milk bottle; with her foot -- she’s this so many times before - she flips open the top lid of white wooden box on the porch. She takes out full milk bottle from the box, replacing it with the empty one. INT. DAISY’S HOUSE KITCHEN. DAY. Daisy stirs a pot of hot cereal on the stove, as she star at the coffee percolating in the little glass bubble on t top of the coffee pot.
0) 3) dialog: Waiting -- for nothing. The Aunt, at the table, turns a page of a tired-looking, thumbed and old magazine. INT. DAISY’S HOUSE HALLWAY. DAY. The telephone in the hallway begins to ring; and two Scot dogs suddenly start barking.
0) 4) dialog: And then... The Aunt looks at Daisy, wondering who that could be? INT. DAISY’S HOUSE HALLWAY. DAY. Daisy answers the telephone.
0) 5) dialog: (into the phone) Hello? Yes. What?? (to the yapping dogs) Sh-sh!! Be quiet. (into the phone) Sinus? INT. DAISY’S HOUSE KITCHEN. DAY. Daisy takes the pot off the stove and begins to serve the her mind far away. The dogs are yapping.
0) 6) dialog: (to the dogs) Sh-sh...
0) 8) dialog: No. No one died... INT. DAISY’S BEDROOM. DAY DAISY rifles through clothes on hangers in her closet; sh takes out a dress on a hanger, holds it up, looks it over puts it back, and takes out another.
0) 9) dialog: I wasn’t the first relative his Mother called that day. Maybe not even the tenth. INT. DAISY’S HOUSE, STAIRCASE/ LIVING ROOM. DAY. Daisy descends the stairs. She peeks around the corner, and smiles nervously at her Aunt, sitting in the living room.
0) 10) dialog: I won’t be long. As Daisy disappears, the Aunt struggles to get herself up out of her chair. EXT. DAISY’S HOUSE PORCH. DAY. A large car is parked in front of the house; an Aide stan by the passenger door, and doffs his hat to Daisy. EXT. DAISY’S HOUSE, CAR. DAY. Once in, Daisy turns back toward the house, sees her Aunt peeking out around the lace curtain in the window. The Aunt nervously ‘waves.’ Daisy smiles nervously, and g a very faint wave back.
0) 11) dialog: But I was around. The car begins to drive off. INT. CAR. DAY. The car drives down a long tree-lined driveway. Daisy sits in the backseat, her hands nicely folded on he lap. She stares straight ahead.
0) 12) dialog: His Mother said he needed someone to take his mind off his work. Why she thought I could do that, I had no idea.
0) 13) dialog: (after a nervous sigh, to the driver) We're fifth -- or sixth cousins. Depends on how you count...
0) 15) dialog: No. No, I don’t. Thanks. Aide puts his cigarettes away. She looks out the window.
0) 16) dialog: I figured I’d spend the afternoon there, and after having thoroughly bored him to death, go quietly back to my quiet life. EXT. DRIVEWAY. CONTINUOUS. The car pulls up in front of a mansion, Springwood. Other cars and a few military vehicles are parked along the dri A few cars drive off, others are arriving - this seems to a busy place. INT. HALLWAY. DAY. AN AIDE leads Daisy down the hallway which is full of peo working, sitting at make-shift desks, speaking in hushed important-sounding voices. Others are typing ... Aide 3 i speaking on the telephone in French. Daisy has to step ov phone cables that run across the floor. No one pays any attention to her.
0) 17) dialog: But that’s not what happened. A door opens down the hall and a man comes out with a pie of paper and practically runs down the hall. Daisy has to get out of his way. The Aide leads her by the arm now.
0) 22) dialog: She said everyone else was away.
0) 24) dialog: Oh, years. The Dows’ wedding, sir. In Rhinebeck?
0) 26) dialog: Where would you like me to sit?
0) 30) dialog: I - don't. He reaches across his desk and picks up a large stamp alb and a magnifying glass.
0) 32) dialog: I suppose you’ve met pretty much everyone of these... She looks closely at a stamp of Hitler through the magnif glass.
0) 34) dialog: They're -- fascinating. The door opens and a secretary, MISSY, enters without knocking. She carries a file. On seeing Daisy:
0) 40) dialog: Would you like me to go?
0) 42) dialog: (pointing out a stamp) This one’s pretty. I'd like to go there.
0) 44) dialog: Well. To be honest, I’d like to go almost anywhere. This makes him laugh.
0) 45) dialog: The President spent a lot of time that spring in Hyde Park-on-Hudson. EXT. DRIVEWAY / FRONT OF HOUSE . DAY. President Roosevelt's motorcade is arriving. A flurry of excitement, as aides hurry out of their cars before they even stopped, and rush to go and set up.
0) 47) dialog: Here at home, he said, everyone was just shouting at each other. Daisy stands under a tree, at a distance, watching all th excitement of his arrival.
0) 48) dialog: So the President spent an awful lot of time that spring in Hyde Park On Hudson. He said -- I helped him forget --. Daisy waves to Franklin.
0) 49) dialog: -- ‘the weight of world’.
0) 52) dialog: His Mother said he’d run the whole country from here if he could. A crowd has formed in the open doorway to listen to his speech.
0) 53) dialog: But he couldn’t. Not with how things were -- so many people out of work. 10.
0) 59) dialog: And everyone looking to him. Daisy sits in a corner arm chair, magnifying glass in han looking at stamps, while listening to Franklin make his broadcast.
0) 61) dialog: And even here he couldn’t get completely away. They all wanted something from him. The local labor union, the Hyde Park Chamber of Commerce, the German-American Friendship Band. He catches sight of Daisy in the crowd of servants and st watching the band from the driveway.
0) 62) dialog: And all he wanted -- was to relax. He smiles, and winks at her. INT. FRANKLIN'S CAR. DAY. Franklin drives. He pushes a button on a small contraptio and a lit cigarette appears as if by magic. Daisy is with him in the passenger seat.
0) 63) dialog: That spring I learned to smoke. Daisy takes the lit cigarette out of the contraption; sta to hand it to Franklin, but impulsively takes a puff firs herself, then smiling, she gives the cigarette to him.
0) 65) dialog: Each time he came home, he’d telephone and ask: Daisy where would you like to go today? And I would always answer -- ‘anywhere.’
0) 67) dialog: His wife, he said, didn’t like to take drives. I learned the names of birds and trees I’d seen my whole life. We drove along country roads, up hills, through woods, through fields.
0) 69) dialog: He'd had the car built so it could be driven with just the hands.
0) 71) dialog: A Police Car always followed just behind.
0) 73) dialog: That is, until one day... 13.
0) 75) dialog: Where’s the police car going? EXT. BUMPY PATH. DAY. Franklin maneuvers the car up a steep dirt road in the wo The car shakes from the bumps.
0) 78) dialog: What a lovely spot. We've not been here before.
0) 80) dialog: What a beautiful view. As she looks off, he leans over and turns on the car radi
0) 81) dialog: I like this song. 14. As the song plays, Franklin smiles one of his big smiles Daisy, then dispenses a lit cigarette from the little machine. He puffs. The cigarette smoke curls out of the c as they listen. Daisy is lost in the song, in the view, in the swirling s she hums along with the song. Then she notices that Frank looking at her; he takes her hand in his. He her puts her on his thigh. And leaves it there. Daisy looks down at her hand on Franklin’s thigh. She loo him, looking out the window, smoking. He takes her hand, and puts it on his groin. She hesitates, then begins to unbutton his trousers; chec see if he objects or if this is what he wants. He just looks off, smoking. Then without looking, he help unbuckling his belt. From the perspective of the backseat, it soon becomes cle she is rubbing him, masturbating him. He closes his eyes, bites his lip, as he looks off into t woods. And after a moment of this, it is clear that he comes. Pa Daisy doesn’t know what to do. She looks at him; he begin button up his trousers, buckle his belt. She looks away into the woods, not sure whether to be embarrassed or not. Franklin finishes buttoning and tries to hand her his poc handkerchief. She doesn’t notice at first; her mind racin He touches her knee, which startles her; she sees the off handkerchief, and takes it.
0) 82) dialog: I’m sorry. I’m sorry. I’m--
0) 85) dialog: I knew, even without him saying anything that we were now -- not just fifth cousins -- but very good friends. He turns off the car radio and a telephone rings. INT. DAISY’S HOUSE HALLWAY/ KITCHEN. DAY. Daisy is on the telephone, giggling like a schoolgirl, unconsciously playing her hair, smiling, transfixed by th conversation.
0) 86) dialog: (into the phone) As soon as I can get away. (She laughs.) She hangs up and as she fixes her hair she goes into the kitchen. The moment she enters the kitchen, she stops preening. He her Aunt sits at the table; a good-sized lunch finished i front of her. Daisy starts to pick up her Aunt’s dishes a take them to the sink.
0) 88) dialog: The President wishes to see me. (and this answers everything) And he’s the President. Aunt looks at her. Daisy begins to wash the dishes.
0) 89) dialog: He wishes to show me a new -- stamp. Daisy washes a pot. EXT. DAISY’S HOUSE PORCH. DAY. DAISY runs out of the door, the screen door slamming behi and she hurries into her own car and begins to drive off. 19 16.
0) 90) dialog: And so time passed. Time measured now in Franklin’s visits home. INT. FRANKLIN'S CAR. DAY. Franklin's car as he drives it back up a very narrow, ste bumpy road. Daisy is at his side. She looks back. They ar alone.
0) 91) dialog: Look at that -- the police have left us alone yet again. EXT. A HILLSIDE. DAY.
0) 92) dialog: They seem to have a sixth sense about that.
0) 94) dialog: Where are we going? EXT. TOP COTTAGE. DAY. And there, suddenly revealed, hidden from the road is a_ stone cottage. She looks at him, confused: what is this? He stops the car, and turns off the engine.
0) 95) dialog: It’s lovely. They sit in the car looking at the cottage. 17.
0) 98) dialog: It’s heaven!! Franklin has made it to the porch. He looks off across th valley:
0) 100) dialog: What? (no response) What have you been thinking?
0) 106) dialog: (interrupting) Do you ever miss me? He looks at her, then:
0) 112) dialog: By now everyone was used to me. I was the cousin who’s always visiting. No one ever even asked me why that was. She opens the door to the Living Room where she finds Franklin's Mother, with Tommy QUALTERS, a copy of Scribne magazine in her hand. Around them, staff are cleaning and moving furniture, flowers, etc.
0) 116) dialog: No King of England had ever visited America before. But now he was coming -- to Hyde Park on Hudson. We move off, following Maid 2 who hurries towards the Kit clutching a large vase, taking us into the ‘backstage’ ar of the house which is also teeming with activity. Maid 2 almost collides with Maid 1 who is rushing towards the Di Room. We follow Maid 1 who nervously approaches Mother, w by now has reached the Dining Room.
0) 119) dialog: Franklin warned us, today, stay out of Mother’s way.
0) 135) dialog: The only quiet place left to work was outside. EXT. LAWN. DAY. Daisy, water glass and pill bottle in hand, heads across lawn toward Franklin and Missy who sit together at a heal distance from all of the chaos of the house. 22. Piles of papers and files surround Franklin who is just finishing the article in the magazine as Daisy reaches th phone on a very long lead is on the ground next to him.
0) 139) dialog: He has a headache.
0) 141) dialog: His sinuses again. Happens this time every year.
0) 144) dialog: He's not going to trouble you with everything, Missy. You have enough on your plate.
0) 152) dialog: (to Franklin) You're smiling.
0) 155) dialog: (to Franklin) And what does it say?
0) 176) dialog: (coming to) What?? Oh yes. She told me that too.
0) 180) dialog: I’m not. I wasn’t. (to Missy) What do you want?
0) 182) dialog: What?? I’m not.
0) 204) dialog: ‘Hick’ was short for Lorena Hickock. One of those friends of Eleanor’s Franklin called - -- ‘she men.’ 29. Eleanor pushes Franklin in his wheelchair across the lawn Daisy follows, watching Eleanor:
0) 205) dialog: People said their marriage was troubled and unhappy. That they lived mostly separate lives. Daisy watches Franklin reach and pat Eleanor’s hand as sh pushes him.
0) 206) dialog: But I never saw that. That’s now how they seemed when they were together. Eleanor has said something that has made Franklin laugh again. They clearly know how to make each other laugh. INT. STABLE. DAY. Missy and Eleanor now sit together, and drink the coffee Eleanor brought. It's dark inside, with shafts of light through the cracks in the wood. Daisy is with the women, she keeps looking over at Franklin who sits alone, a sing light bulb on overhead as he continues to work on papers. Aide stands with him. Missy is still reading the magazine:
0) 211) dialog: (back to Franklin) Tommy . Franklin nods, and Daisy opens the door and Qualters snea in, Daisy closing the door behind him.
0) 223) dialog: Really?
0) 229) dialog: He gets them -- this time of year.
0) 237) dialog: And all the while the King and Queen were getting closer. BERTIE, THE KING OF ENGLAND, is bent over in the backseat hiding from the crowds and starving; he is trying to unobtrusively look through a bag on the car floor.
0) 262) dialog: I thought the brother gave up being king so he could marry the woman he loved. Franklin looks up to take a peek at this conversation.
0) 319) dialog: Half of his cabinet had been against the visit. The country, they said, was in no position to take sides in another European War. EXT. FRONT OF HOUSE. DAY. The motorcade approaches the house. Franklin is on the fr steps, sitting in a chair.
0) 320) dialog: So Franklin invited them here to the country, where, out of the spotlight, we could all relax and just be ourselves. EXT. FRONT OF HOUSE. DAY. The cars stop and the King and Queen are helped out of th and walk up the steps and greet the smiling President, th Mother, Eleanor, and others who are around him. EXT. FRONT OF HOUSE / INT. HALLWAY. DAY. The King and Queen are shown into the house. All go in ex for Franklin. As soon as the King and Queen are in, Qualt lifts up Franklin and quickly carries him in his arms aro side of the house. EXT. FRONT OF HOUSE. DAY. DAISY is at distance watching.
0) 321) dialog: Looking back, I now see how important this day was, to them, to us, to the world. And of course -- as it turned out, to me. EXT. FRONT OF HOUSE / INT. HALLWAY. DAY. King and Queen are looking around, obviously commenting o nice the house is, although we hear none of this. They no through the side window, Franklin being carried by. They pretend to ignore it. 42. EXT. SIDE OF HOUSE. DAY. Franklin is carried through a back door into the living r INT. HALLWAY / LIVING ROOM. DAY. In the hallway, the Royals are waiting.
0) 337) dialog: What do you mean?
0) 339) dialog: I came to see if I could be any... They just look at her. Daisy turns to Eleanor expecting a introduction, but Eleanor just looks at her, so Daisy ver self-consciously tries a curtsey which she doesn’t quite off and then she hurries out of the room. Eleanor turns back to Elizabeth who is looking over the b now.
0) 346) dialog: (smiling) You know me, I'm always skulking. She laughs.
0) 349) dialog: Showing the gentleman his room?
0) 352) dialog: I'm part of the furniture. The men laugh at the joke, and continue down the hall; sh smiles and starts down the hallway as Mother comes out of King’s bedroom; Daisy steps out of her way.
0) 353) dialog: Is there anything I can help with, Mrs Roosevelt?
0) 356) dialog: Yes!
0) 358) dialog: She’s fine!
0) 360) dialog: Don’t worry. All quiet on the upstairs front. She throws herself into a big soft chair and puts her fee up. She is very relaxed here. She watches him as he begin mix and then shake the drinks.
0) 361) dialog: He's definitely younger than I'd imagined. For a King, you know.... 46.
0) 363) dialog: And they both seem nervous. That surprised me.
0) 367) dialog: Let me do it. He sits back and lights a cigarette as she cleans up the in front of him.
0) 368) dialog: (as she cleans up) They seem very nice people. Franklin smiles and lets her clean up the rest; she is ve near him; as he watches her:
0) 370) dialog: (as she cleans) Well -- I think I’m free. (smiles) She is very close to him; she looks up, kisses him sweetl the cheek, pats his head gently.
0) 371) dialog: It’s going to be a big, big success. And she continues to clean up the spill. INT. PINK BEDROOM. DAY. A bedroom done in Pink where Bertie has just opened a sma traveling liquor cabinet and is beginning to make himself drink, though his attention is on a series of pictures on wall. He turns when he hears a creak. It is Elizabeth. Th are both already dressed for the dinner.
0) 414) dialog: Mary, we all knew, was Mother's spy. Mother had them too. The Maid goes.
0) 432) dialog: Mother, who had a sixth sense for sniffing out alcohol, was on the warpath. Mother’s father had been a nasty drunk. 53.
0) 443) dialog: Should I stay?
0) 492) dialog: Oh hello, Dick.
0) 494) dialog: What? Oh -- yes. That moon certainly is full.
0) 496) dialog: (suddenly worried) Oh, I didn’t know you--. I could be wrong. I don’t know for--.
0) 498) dialog: Me? No. No thank you. I have my car. I just.... Such an important night. She stands up, notices the other drivers from this group looking at her.
0) 501) dialog: (calls back) I certainly did, Tommy! And I think I did it right. (smiles) I didn’t fall down! 61. They laugh. The other group of official Chauffeurs ignore them.
0) 503) dialog: Me? Oh I don’t belong in there. I’m glad to see you working, Frank.
0) 505) dialog: Well it’s something... A MAID comes from around the house with food for the driv The official chauffeurs ignore this. The others line up to eat. Daisy watches this from a distance:
0) 518) dialog: It’s not the horses’ fault--.
0) 520) dialog: Do you need a handkerchief?
0) 523) dialog: We??
0) 525) text: MISSY (cont'd) He thinks he’s going to be occupied with the King all evening now. Daisy turns back toward the house, try to hide her disappointment.
0) 526) dialog: Of course he is... INT. HALLWAY / DINING ROOM. EVENING. The soup course is about to be served. A waiter holds a stopwatch at his side. A Maid whispers:
0) 535) dialog: She doesn’t leave him alone. She doesn’t let him relax.
0) 537) dialog: What?
0) 539) dialog: With me? Why would he talk about his wife with me?
0) 541) dialog: Stands what?
0) 543) dialog: Miss what? Missy starts to head back to the house, Daisy right behin her.
0) 545) dialog: I don’t think that is the President’s fault --.
1) 0) text: Daisy and Missy now at the window to the dining room, pee in. Through the window -- The Negro servants enter, Mother an Eleanor behind them; Eleanor smiling to herself, triumphantly. We look around the table, Franklin laughing Bertie listening to someone on his right, etc. Missy touches Daisy's shoulder to move her along:
1) 2) dialog: (still staring into the window) No. Along the house, the English Butler, Johnson, bag in hand walking toward the front of the house and the road. Daisy stares into the window.
1) 3) dialog: Look at him. 69. We see what she is looking at: Franklin is now leaning ov the table telling a story -- everyone is enthralled, then burst into laughter, including Eleanor. He is obviously i his element. DAISY’S VOICE They love him. MISSY’S VOICE Who doesn’t.
1) 4) dialog: I suppose I better go.
1) 111) dialog: No one could sleep that night. She impetuously jumps out of bed, grabs a sweater from a on the back of her bedroom door, and goes out, quietly closing the door behind her. We see for the first time, on the back of the door, visib only when closed is a framed official portrait of Preside Roosevelt -- the kind they hang in post offices. EXT. DAISY’S HOUSE PORCH. NIGHT. Daisy swings gently in the porch swing, pushing with her feet; smoking, staring out into the night. The full moon looking down upon her. Suddenly she gets up, quickly stubbing out her cigarette the ashtray. She rushes inside, then quickly stops and gr the screen door to keep it from slamming shut and making noise. EXT. DAISY’S HOUSE / INT. DAISY’S CAR. NIGHT. IN HER CAR, dressed now, she sits in the dark; only the reflection of the moon on the hood of the car; she sighs big sigh and releases the brake and the car rolls a littl Only when it has rolled a comfortable distance from the h does she turn on the engine and then the headlights. And heads off, the moon in front of her, it’s as if she is be pulled by the moon. EXT. PINK BEDROOM. NIGHT. Elizabeth sits on the bed waiting. Bertie comes in from t hallway in his robe.
1) 115) dialog: If ever I missed him, there was a place he’d built for me to come, and be alone, and miss him. EXT. TOP COTTAGE. NIGHT. She reaches the top, her destination -- and there is Top Cottage, dark and bathed by the moon. EXT/INT. TOP COTTAGE. NIGHT. Daisy sits on the porch where she has sat so often before with Franklin, and where she now sits looking off at the distant hills. She lights a cigarette and baths in the be of the evening. Behind her, the house is dark; lit only, as is everything else, by the moon. Suddenly through the glass door, we see a shadowy naked female figure scurry, then stop, seem to pick up somethin and for a instant we see her lit, then the lighter is clo and all we see is the glow of her cigarette. Daisy stares off, utterly oblivious to all of this. All of a sudden a flashlight shines in Daisy's face, startling her, and making her jump up. MAN’S VOICE What the hell are you doing here? Daisy, trying to calm herself from the shock, shades her and sees:
1) 116) dialog: Tommy? What the hell are you doing here? 86.
1) 118) dialog: Why? Why not? Daisy, still covers her eyes.
1) 119) dialog: Can you get that out of my face, please? He lowers the flashlight and she sees, lit now by the flashlight, a pair of shoes on the ground -- women’s blac and white shoes -- Missy’s.
1) 122) dialog: Oh my god... Oh my god... She bolts for the woods.
1) 135) dialog: Don’t touch me.
1) 142) dialog: No. Get out of here. Missy reaches and touches Daisy's shoulder.
1) 143) dialog: (shaking her off) Get out of here--
1) 146) dialog: (shouts ) I don't want to talk to him!! Daisy sits very still.
1) 150) dialog: What can you say?
1) 152) dialog: Yes.
1) 154) dialog: What??
1) 156) dialog: What do you mean? 92.
1) 158) dialog: I don't accept you.
1) 160) dialog: There are other cottages on that hill--
1) 162) dialog: I don't believe--.
1) 164) dialog: When was this?
1) 166) dialog: No. (then) Why don't you leave him?
1) 169) dialog: With you? 93.
1) 171) dialog: Did he? See her again?
1) 173) dialog: I’m sorry that I... I misunderstood her. (then) I don't think I can 'share'-
1) 175) dialog: Thank you. They smoke in silence. Then: She hands Daisy her car keys And she opens the car door.
1) 179) dialog: No. He starts to pour himself one, then decides not to.
1) 181) dialog: Yes. Uncomfortable, Franklin picks up his magnifying glass.
1) 183) dialog: I remember.
1) 185) dialog: I can. 95. She can’t. He turns the pages of the stamp album.
1) 188) dialog: Do you really think that?
1) 190) dialog: How do you see me?
1) 192) dialog: Am I -- to you -- just stupid?
1) 194) dialog: Am I -- like a whore?
1) 196) dialog: Am I just 'comfortable' for you?
1) 198) dialog: Am I -- a pet? Pause. 96.
1) 200) dialog: Maybe. (Pause) It isn't.
1) 202) dialog: (yells) No, you're not getting off that easy, you son of a bitch!!
1) 203) dialog: But that’s not what I said. Instead:
1) 204) dialog: No. I need to go.
2) 0) text: Elizabeth listening Daisy... Mother’s -- quite -- worried. I told her there was nothing to be worried about -- with Daisy. That you'd understand. And you'd never do anything... or cause any... Because you --. We understand each other, don’t we, Daisy? And you know that everything I’ve ever said to you was true. at him, then nods and starts to leave the study. I’d say I’m sorry -- but that wouldn’t do any good right now, would it? BEDROOM. /EXT. FRONT OF HOUSE. DAWN PRE-SUNRISE. at the window; Bertie, with the door cracked open, at the door. 97.
2) 67) dialog: Let me help. Daisy goes and kneels in front of her and helps.
2) 69) dialog: I just woke up. Daisy rolls up the Aunt’s stockings. EXT. FRONT OF HOUSE. DAY. The door opens and Bertie, feeling quite self-conscious i his bathing suit, stands in the doorway. Franklin, in his car, smiles and waves. Bertie ‘waves.’ Steps out and immediately sees the single Marine, keeping guard on the steps. The Marine, seeing th King, immediately salutes and stands at attention. Self-consciously in his bathing suit, Bertie salutes the soldier, and tries not to hurry to the car. EXT. GATE-HOUSE. DAY. Franklin, in his bathing suit, at the wheel of his car. Bertie in his bathing suit in the passenger seat. They approach the gate house; across the drive, twenty or thir reporters/photographers, nearly all with cameras around t necks, are clustered together. He slows door to banter with the reporters:
2) 76) dialog: (hesitates, then) It’s a beer, Aunt Sophie. I like it. Daisy sits. As she looks off across the crowd, she instinctively takes a cigarette out of her pocket, and st to light it. The Aunt is amazed.
2) 78) dialog: Do what? Suddenly some word starts to spread through the crowd, an everyone starts to head toward the driveway -- the Royals coming. Aunt stands to follow, but Daisy just sits, lost in her thoughts, smoking. EXT. TOP COTTAGE. DAY. Cameron is the first to reach Roosevelt’s car; he helps Elizabeth out of the car.
2) 84) dialog: I promised my Aunt. EXT. TOP COTTAGE. DAY. An Aide helps Franklin into one of the chairs. No one is taking pictures. Bertie sits in the other chair. Everyone waits for the wheelchair to be pushed out of view and the suddenly all take photographs of the King and Franklin po together. EXT. TOP COTTAGE DAY. With the photographers’ flash bulbs going off behind him, a crowd laughing at Franklin and Bertie’s show of playfulness, Qualters comes to Daisy, Missy and the Aunt’ table.
2) 89) dialog: I’m not doing that. 108.
2) 92) dialog: I don’t want to. No.
2) 115) dialog: And like that -- we felt America and England were back on the road to being very good friends. At least, I’m told that’s how some people took it. A very happy crowd of Americans still applauding.
2) 116) dialog: It made me wonder -- maybe the hot dogs hadn’t been Eleanor’s idea after all. 129 113. Franklin watches Bertie bask in the applause.
2) 117) dialog: When he left for England later that day, the King sent back a telegram, in which he wrote that our two nations had now ‘forged’ -- and these are his words: ‘a special relationship.’ Smiling, Bertie shouts out:
2) 119) dialog: The next day, he sent a car. A car is parked in front of Daisy’s house.
2) 120) dialog: But I said I was too ill to take a drive. A driver stands on the porch talking to the Aunt who hold open the screen door.
2) 121) dialog: I was ill the next day. And the next. And the next day after that. He turns and walks back across the porch and to his car. door slams. EXT. DAISY’S HOUSE. DAY.
2) 122) dialog: A week after the Royals’ visit to Hyde Park, the President came in person to my house. Franklin, at the wheel of his car, drives up to Daisy’s 1 house. Daisy’s Aunt is on the porch, having her morning cup of coffee, when suddenly she sees who is arriving. She stand knocks over the little wicker table, starts to pick it up then doesn’t bother and hurries inside. 114.
2) 123) dialog: I had been waiting. After a moment, Daisy hesitantly comes out of her house. looks at Franklin. EXT. HARDWARE SHOP. DAY. Franklin, smoking, with Daisy next to him in his car, as slowly drives through the village of Hyde Park.
2) 124) dialog: He drove us by the plumbing shop where his mother had returned the toilet seat she had ordered for the Royal Visit, without paying for it. The car stops outside the hardware shop. There is a toile and a sign: “THE KING AND QUEEN OF ENGLAND SAT HERE.” He starts to laugh, and she can’t help but smile and warm little to him. As she looks up at him: DAISY’S VOICE He tried to make me laugh. And he was good at that. He was after all a politician.
2) 126) dialog: Occasionally now, Missy would come and fetch me when she felt --. 115. Daisy looks into the rearview mirror and starts to puts o her hat.
2) 128) dialog: Let him wait. (she smiles) Missy begins to help fix Daisy's hair, around the hat. Da adjusts her hair and hat just so, with Missy’s help and approval. INT. LIVING ROOM. EVENING.
2) 129) dialog: I learned, as we got to know each other better, of Missy's bouts with her 'blackness.' Franklin, Missy, Daisy and Qualters around a card table playing bridge; Missy and Daisy sit across from each othe they are partners. Missy takes a trick, and smiles at her partner.
2) 130) dialog: And of her 'dark days.' And suicide attempts. She takes another trick and the Girls are having a very g time beating the Boys, who show no expression -- they don like losing.
3) 1) dialog: When Missy fell terribly ill. He paid for everything. Daisy sits alone in a corner pretending to read a book, b every now and then looking at Missy: 116.
3) 2) dialog: He even changed his will -- giving her half -- should she outlive him. But to the surprise of nearly everyone -- he did not visit her once in the hospital. I asked him why. Franklin wheels himself into the study, in his chair, and heads for his desk. His mind on other things. Daisy just watches him.
3) 3) dialog: It's a terrible fault of mine, he said. I find it too painful to be around illness. INT. LIVING ROOM/STUDY. DAY. 1942. Everything is being packed up; phone lines rolled up; furniture returned to its proper places. Daisy watches fr the doorway. She turns and heads through the room, trying to stay out the way of the moving. As she reaches the study, the door opens and Mother comes out; looking suspicious. Daisy smiles politely at Mother goes in.
3) 6) dialog: I grew close not only to Missy but to all of Franklin’s boys. (MORE )
3) 7) text: DAISY VO (cont'd) They seemed to accept me, no questions asked. And no more promised were made so none could be broken. EXT. ENTRYWAY OF HOUSE / DRIVEWAY. DAY. 1942. The caravan of official cars are lined up for the exodus to Washington. Daisy stands at a distance and watches Franklin be carrie his car.
3) 8) dialog: Though he found he could now visit home -- Hyde Park -- less and less. There were elections. Then the war. Always so many things... A line of photographers patiently waits until he is in; a then -- he turns to them, an Aide nods to the photographe Franklin smiles and the flashbulbs pop like fourth of Jul They continue to pop -- and the newsreel cameras buzz -- caravan heads off down the drive. A few townspeople stand clusters and wave. Daisy slowly heads off across the field, alone, watching caravan snake its way down the long tree-lined driveway t the road.
3) 9) dialog: He always seemed confident that I'd be here waiting... She watches the cars.
3) 10) dialog: And oh how I resented that... As the caravan reaches the road and turns; Daisy suddenly begins to runs toward it, faster and faster; and she star to wave as she runs. She continues to run and wave until the cars, the caravan and Franklin are out of sight. And stops and stares off toward where he has disappeared. CAPTIONS: FDR eventually kept his promise and by 1942 Bri and the United States were fighting shoulder to shoulder. When Daisy died in her hundredth year, a box of letters a diaries was found under her bed. 118. Her special relationship with the President was, finally, longer just their secret.