40) 0) text: BARBARA FITTS stands at the stove, flipping bacon strips mechanically, her eyes focused elsewhere. At least ten ye younger than her husband, she's pretty in a June Cleaver- way. The Colonel sits at a dinette reading The Wall Stree Journal. Ricky enters.
40) 2) dialog: Hello. As she attempts to serve him bacon:
40) 4) dialog: (unnerved) I'm sorry, I must have forgotten. Ricky serves himself scrambled eggs from another pan, the joins his father at the table.
40) 11) dialog: No. (thinks) No. The Colonel heads toward the living room, a little puffed
44) 0) text: CLOSE on a TV SCREEN: "Hogan's Heroes" on Nick at Nite. The Colonel and Barbara are seated on a couch, watching television. The Colonel is smiling, enjoying the show; Barbara just stares. The Colonel CHUCKLES at a joke and startles her. We HEAR a door opening elsewhere in the house, and Ricky enters.
44) 2) dialog: (out of the blue) I'm sorry, what?
44) 4) dialog: Oh. I'm sorry. The three of them stare at the TV, like strangers in an airport.
86) 0) text: Barbara Fitts sits at the kitchen table, staring off into space as if hypnotized. Behind her, Ricky enters, followe Jane.
86) 2) dialog: (pleasant) Yes?
86) 5) dialog: Oh, my. I apologize for the way things look around here. Jane glances around. The room is spotless.
107) 0) text: The door swings open silently and the Colonel enters. He starts going through Ricky's bureau. He opens the DRAWER which we know Ricky keeps his marijuana, but he doesn't discover its false bottom. He stands and looks around, hi eyes finally landing on: The DIGICAM and a stack of CASSETTES on a shelf. The came is still connected to the TV. The Colonel turns on the TV, examines the Digicam and pre "play." The TV's blank screen suddenly gives way to... On VIDEO: Barbara Fitts sits at the kitchen table, starin off into space. The Colonel watches, at first baffled, then impatient. He takes the cassette out of the Digicam and inserts another the TV screen we see... On VIDEO: Through the Burnham's GARAGE WINDOW, we see Les step out of his pants and briefs. Then, naked except for black socks, he grabs the dumbbells and starts lifting th watching his reflection in the window as he does... The Colonel sinks slowly onto Ricky's bed, mesmerized.
114) 0) text: Ricky and the Colonel sit at the table, eating in silence Barbara rinses off a pan at the sink, then stares at it a she can't quite remember what she meant to do with it. We suddenly HEAR a BEEPING noise. Ricky pulls his BEEPER off belt and checks it.
121) 0) text: Ricky enters to discover Barbara standing in the middle o the room, clutching a dish, frightened. She's obviously h his argument with his father, and she looks into his eyes searching, aware that something eventful is taking place.
121) 2) dialog: Okay, wear a raincoat.