4) 0) text: CLOSE on a single, dewy AMERICAN BEAUTY ROSE. A gloved ha with CLIPPERS appears and SNIPS the flower off. CAROLYN BURNHAM tends her rose bushes in front of the Bur house. A very well-put together woman of forty, she wears color-coordinated gardening togs and has lots of useful a expensive tools. Lester watches her through a WINDOW on the first floor, peeping out through the drapes.
6) 1) dialog: Good morning, Jim! Jim #1 walks toward the fence to greet Carolyn.
6) 3) dialog: (overly friendly) I just love your tie! That color!
6) 5) dialog: Well, I'll tell you. Egg shells and Miracle Grow. Jim #1 and Carolyn continue to chat, unaware that Lester watching them.
8) 0) text: Carolyn stands next to a platinum-colored MERCEDES-BENZ ML320, reaching in through the drivers' window to blow th HORN again. Jane shuffles out of the house, her backpack slung over h shoulder.
8) 1) dialog: Jane. Honey. Are you trying to look unattractive?
8) 3) dialog: Well, congratulations. You've succeeded admirably. Jane gets in the car. Lester hurries out the front door, carrying a BRIEFCASE.
8) 7) dialog: Lester, could you make me a little later, please? Because I'm not quite late enough. Lester's briefcase suddenly springs open and his papers s all over the driveway. He drops to his knees to gather everything.
9) 0) text: Carolyn is driving; Jane stares out the window. Lester is asleep in the back seat.
12) 1) dialog: --there is no decision, you just write the damn thing!
12) 3) dialog: Possibly. But you don't want to be unemployed.
12) 8) dialog: Could you be just a little bit more dramatic, please, huh? As they get out of the car, Carolyn scopes out the MOVERS next door.
12) 9) dialog: So we've finally got new neighbors. You know, if the Lomans had let me represent them, instead of-- (heavy disdain) --"The Real Estate King," that house would never have sat on the market for six months. She heads into the house, followed by Lester.
12) 11) dialog: Their sycamore? C'mon! A substantial portion of the root structure was on our property. You know that. How can you call it their sycamore? I wouldn't have the heart to just cut down something if it wasn't partially mine, which of course it was.
13) 0) text: We HEAR EASY-LISTENING MUSIC. Lester, Carolyn and Jane are eating dinner by CANDLELIGHT RED ROSES are bunched in a vase at the center of the tabl Nobody makes eye contact, or even seems aware of anybody else's presence, until...
13) 2) dialog: (considers) No. No, we don't. As soon as you've prepared a nutritious yet savory meal that I'm about to eat, you can listen to whatever you like. A long beat. Lester suddenly turns to Jane.
13) 18) dialog: (taken aback) What?! Lester is quiet, staring at his plate.
13) 19) dialog: (more authority) What? Lester gets up and starts after Jane, taking his plate wi him.
16) 0) text: Lester's POV: We're looking out through the kitchen windo the point where Ricky was just standing, but he's no long there. Lester turns off the faucet, dries his hands, then tosses towel on the counter on his way out, where it lands next framed PHOTOGRAPH of Lester, Carolyn, and a much-younger Jane, taken several years earlier at an amusement park. It's startling how happy they look.
18) 0) text: The interior of this house is ugly, oppressive and tastel Carolyn opens the front door, breathes deeply and solemnl announces:
18) 1) dialog: I will sell this house today. She neatly arranges her sales materials on a desk, then strips down to her undergarments.
18) 3) dialog: I will sell this house today. I will sell this house today. I will sell this house today.
19) 0) text: Carolyn stands in front of the mirror, wearing her suit o more, applying lipstick. She stares at her reflection critically.
19) 1) dialog: I will sell this house today. She says this as if it were a threat, then notices a smud on the mirror and wipes it off.
20) 0) text: The front door opens to reveal Carolyn, greeting us with smile she thinks could sell ice to an Eskimo.
20) 1) dialog: Welcome. I'm Carolyn Burnham!
21) 0) text: Smiling, Carolyn leads a man and woman into the living ro They're thirtyish, and they've seen a lot of houses today
21) 1) dialog: This living room is very dramatic. Wait 'til you see the native stone fireplace! The man and woman glance around the dark room, unimpresse
21) 2) dialog: A simple cream would really lighten things up. You could even put in a skylight. The woman wrinkles her face, skeptical.
21) 3) dialog: Well, why don't we go into the kitchen?
22) 0) text: Carolyn enters, followed by a different couple in their fifties.
22) 1) dialog: It's a dream come true for any cook. Just filled with positive energy. Huh?
23) 0) text: Carolyn stands with a different couple: African American, late twenties. The woman is pregnant.
23) 1) dialog: ...and you'll be surprised how much a ceiling fan can cut down on your energy costs.
24) 0) text: Carolyn stands by the pool next to two fortyish WOMEN.
24) 1) dialog: You know, you could have some really fun backyard get-togethers out here.
24) 7) dialog: (re: shrub) What do you call this? Is this not a plant? If you have a problem with the plants, I can always call my landscape architect. Solved.
24) 9) dialog: I have some tiki torches in the garage.
25) 0) text: Carolyn enters, alone. She's furious. She locks the slidi glass door and starts to pull the vertical blinds shut, t stops. Standing very still, with the blinds casting shado across her face, she starts to cry: brief, staccato SOBS seemingly escape against her will. Suddenly she SLAPS herself, hard.
25) 1) dialog: Shut up. Stop it. You... Weak! But the tears continue. She SLAPS herself again.
25) 2) dialog: Weak. Baby. Shut up. Shut up! Shut up! She SLAPS herself repeatedly until she stops crying. She stands there, taking deep breaths until she has everythin under control, then pulls the blinds shut, once again all business. She walks out calmly, leaving us alone in the d empty room. We HEAR CHEERING and APPLAUSE.
27) 0) text: Carolyn drives. Lester is slumped in the passenger seat.
27) 2) dialog: Of course not. She doesn't want us to know how important this is to her. But she's been practicing her steps for weeks.
27) 4) dialog: Lester, this is important. I'm sensing a real distance growing between you and Jane.
27) 6) dialog: She's just willful.
29) 0) text: Angela, fully clothed, is once again surrounded by the ot girls. The HIGH SCHOOL BAND plays its last note, the Danc Spartanettes strike their final pose, and the audience APPLAUDS. Carolyn claps along with the rest of the audience. Lester just sits there, unable to take his eyes off Angela.
30) 3) dialog: Hi! I really enjoyed that! She crosses reluctantly toward her parents, followed by Angela.
30) 14) dialog: (to Angela) Nice to meet you, Angela. (to Jane) Honey, I'm so proud of you. I watched you very closely, and you didn't screw up once. (then, to Lester) Okay, we have to go. She starts toward the parking lot. Lester stays behind.
31) 0) text: CLOSE on a solitary red ROSE PETAL as it falls slowly thr the air. We're looking down on Lester and Carolyn in bed. Even in sleep, Carolyn looks determined. Lester is awake and star up at us.
45) 0) text: We HEAR MUSIC under a room full of people all talking at once, as Lester and Carolyn enter a hotel ballroom. We FO THEM as they pass a SIGN that reads:
45) 2) dialog: --everyone here is with their spouse or their significant other. How would it look if I showed up with no one?
45) 7) dialog: Now listen to me. This is an important business function. As you know, my business is selling an image. And part of my job is to live that image--
45) 9) dialog: (spots someone) Hi, Shirley! (to Lester) Listen, just do me a favor. Act happy tonight?
45) 11) dialog: (spots someone) Oh! Buddy! She drags Lester toward a silver-haired MAN and his much younger WIFE. We recognize the Man as BUDDY KANE, The Rea Estate King.
45) 12) dialog: (shakes Buddy's hand) Buddy! Buddy. Hi! Good to see you again.
45) 14) dialog: Carolyn.
45) 19) dialog: Very well, thank you. (to his wife) Hello, Christy.
45) 21) dialog: My husband, Lester--
45) 26) dialog: (forced gaiety) Honey. Don't be weird. She smiles her most winning smile at him. He knows this persona well, only it's never pissed him off as much as i does right now.
47) 0) text: Carolyn and Buddy are deep in conversation. Christy has wandered off. Carolyn is nervous; Buddy seems amused.
47) 1) dialog: You know, I probably wouldn't even tell you this if I weren't a little tipsy, but... I am in complete awe of you. I mean, your firm is, hands down, the Rolls Royce of local Real Estate firms, and your personal sales record is, is, is very intimidating. You know, I'd love to sit down with you and just pick your brain, if you'd ever be willing. I suppose, technically, I'm the "competition," but... I mean, hey, I don't flatter myself that I'm even in the same league as you...
47) 3) dialog: (shocked) Really?
47) 5) dialog: I'll do that. Thank you. They look at each other for a beat, then look away. This situation is loaded and they both know it.
48) 13) dialog: Lester? Carolyn is standing in the open service entrance. Lester quickly hides the joint behind his back.
48) 14) dialog: What are you doing?
48) 22) dialog: Hi. (then, to Lester) I'm ready to go. I'll meet you out front. And she goes back inside.
51) 6) dialog: (her sales smile) Yes, of course!
67) 0) text: CLOSE on Carolyn, her eyes wide, listening to the rhythmi BRUSH of Lester's hand as he masturbates under the covers She flips over and faces him.
67) 1) dialog: What are you doing? A beat.
67) 3) dialog: You were masturbating.
67) 8) dialog: Yes, you were. He turns to her, trying to look innocent, then gives up.
67) 11) dialog: That's disgusting.
67) 13) dialog: So do I!
67) 15) dialog: Lester. I refuse to live like this. This is not a marriage.
67) 17) dialog: Oh. I see. You think you're the only one who's sexually frustrated?
67) 22) dialog: (furious) Do not mess with me, mister, or I will divorce you so fast it'll make your head spin!
72) 0) text: Carolyn, carrying a basket of fresh cut ROSES, passes by GARAGE WINDOW. From inside the garage, we HEAR ROCK MUSIC Carolyn stops and SNIFFS the air, frowning. She peers thr the window. Her POV: Lester, in a T-shirt and gym shorts, lies on a n WEIGHT BENCH, doing bench presses with shiny new BARBELLS
73) 0) text: ROCK MUSIC blasts from a new BOOMBOX on the floor. The garage is in the process of becoming Lester's sanctua An ugly but comfortable 70's BOWL CHAIR has been pulled o and cleaned off, his old hot rod magazines strewn across and the remote-controlled MODEL JEEP KIT is spread across card table. The SHELVES that Lester tore through earlier been dismantled, leaving a blank wall on which now hangs DART BOARD. Lester finishes his last rep, straining, then puts the weights in their rack and sits up. As he takes a drag off joint, the GARAGE DOOR suddenly starts to open. Lester lo up, squinting at: His POV: The door raises to reveal Carolyn, silhouetted against the bright sunlight outside, pointing a REMOTE at
73) 2) dialog: What the hell do you think you're doing?
73) 4) dialog: I see you're smoking pot now. I'm so glad. I think using illegal psychotropic substances is a very positive example to set for our daughter.
73) 9) dialog: (hostile) Lester. You have such hostility in you!
73) 11) dialog: You will not get away with this. You can be sure of that! And she's gone. Lester leans back on the bench and grabs weights.
76) 0) text: Carolyn sits at a table, lost in thought. There are two m on the table. After a moment, Buddy Kane, the Real Estate King, joins her. Carolyn immediately becomes warm and gracious.
76) 2) dialog: Buddy. Carolyn smiles, genuinely touched that he remembers her n
76) 4) dialog: What's she doing in New York?
76) 6) dialog: Buddy. I'm so sorry.
76) 11) dialog: When I saw you two at the party the other night, you seemed perfectly happy.
78) 0) text: Carolyn's Mercedes is parked next to a JAGUAR CONVERTIBLE with a VANITY LICENSE PLATE that reads "R E KING."
79) 0) text: Carolyn and Buddy are in the middle of sex.
79) 1) dialog: Yes! Oh, God! I love it!
79) 6) dialog: Oh yes! I love it! Fuck me, your majesty!
84) 0) text: Carolyn and Buddy are in bed, post-sex.
84) 1) dialog: That was exactly what I needed. The royal treatment, so to speak. They laugh.
84) 2) dialog: I was so stressed out.
84) 4) dialog: What?
84) 6) dialog: (intrigued) Really.
84) 8) dialog: (embarrassed) I've never fired a gun before.
89) 0) text: Lester sits at the table in sloppy clothes, eating his di voraciously and drinking beer from a bottle. Across from Carolyn picks at her food, watching him with contempt. EA LISTENING MUSIC plays on the STEREO.
89) 5) dialog: (overly cheerful) No, no, that's quite all right, dear. Your father and I were just discussing his day at work. (to Lester) Why don't you tell our daughter about it, honey? Jane stares at both her parents, apprehensive. Lester loo at Carolyn darkly, then flashes a "you-asked-for-it" grin
89) 7) dialog: Your father seems to think this kind of behavior is something to be proud of.
89) 9) dialog: (ashen) How dare you speak to me that way in front of her? And I marvel that you can be so contemptuous of me, on the same day that you lose your job!
89) 11) dialog: Oh! Oh! And I want to thank you for putting me under the added pressure of being the sole breadwinner now--
89) 16) dialog: (not stopping) No, no, don't give a second thought as to who's going to pay the mortgage. We'll just leave it all up to Carolyn. You mean, you're going to take care of everything now, Carolyn? Yes. I don't mind. I really don't. You mean, everything? You don't mind having the sole responsibility, your husband feels he can just quit his job--
89) 21) dialog: (overlapping) Oh, you don't complain? Oh, excuse me. Excuse me. I must be psychotic then, if you don't complain. What is this?! Am I locked away in a padded cell somewhere, hallucinating? That's the only explanation I can think of-- Lester hurls the plate of asparagus against the wall with such force it SHATTERS, frightening Carolyn and Jane.
90) 2) dialog: Honey, please let me in. Jane rolls her eyes, crosses to the door and lets Carolyn
90) 3) dialog: I wish that you hadn't witnessed that awful scene tonight. But in a way, I'm glad.
90) 5) dialog: Me? She stares at Jane, then starts to cry.
90) 7) dialog: (tearful) No, I'm glad because you're old enough now to learn the most important lesson in life: you cannot count on anyone except yourself. (sighs) You cannot count on anyone except yourself. It's sad, but true, and the sooner you learn it, the better.
90) 12) dialog: You ungrateful little brat. Just look at everything you have. When I was your age, I lived in a duplex. We didn't even have our own house. Embarrassed, she quickly leaves. Jane looks in a mirror a rubs her cheek, then crosses to the window and looks out.
96) 0) text: Carolyn, wearing PROTECTIVE HEADGEAR, is holding a GLOCK AUTOMATIC REVOLVER with both hands, FIRING it directly at She empties a round and stands there, exhilarated. An ATTENDANT approaches with a new round of ammunition.
96) 5) dialog: Well, all I know is... I love shooting this gun! And she starts FIRING again.
97) 0) text: Bobby Darin sings "DON'T RAIN ON MY    PARADE" on the RAD Carolyn SINGS along as she drives.    Her face has lost i usual resolute determination; she's    actually enjoying spontaneously, and the lack of her    usual self-consciou allows us to see just how beautiful    she is. ANGLE ON the GLOCK 19 sitting on the passenger seat amids some CDs. Carolyn takes the gun and holds it at arm's length, admir it as she continues to SING.
99) 0) text: Carolyn's POV: We turn into the Burnham driveway. A 1970 PONTIAC FIREBIRD with racing stripes blocks our access to garage. CLOSE on Carolyn: She doesn't like having things in her w
100) 0) text: Lester's REMOTE-CONTROLLED MODEL JEEP is zooming across t floor of the family room, expertly maneuvering corners an narrowly avoiding crashing. Lester is sprawled on the couch in his underwear, drinkin BEER and controlling the car. His working out is beginnin produce results. The room, too, seems changed: sloppier, lived in. Carolyn enters through the kitchen, flushed and angry. Sh just stands there, staring at Lester. After a moment, he looks up at her.
100) 5) dialog: Ah, whose car is that out front?
100) 7) dialog: Where's the Camry?
100) 9) dialog: Shouldn't you have consulted me first?
100) 11) dialog: (brusque) Where's Jane?
100) 14) dialog: (taken aback) Joyless?! I am not joyless! There happens to be a lot about me that you don't know, mister smarty man. There is plenty of joy in my life.
100) 19) dialog: (barely audible) Lester. You're going to spill beer on the couch. She's immediately sorry she said it, but it's too late. H smile fades, and the moment is gone.
100) 21) dialog: This is a four thousand dollar sofa upholstered in Italian silk. This is not "just a couch."
104) 0) text: The blender GRINDS as Lester, still in his sweatpants, ma himself a high-protein shake. He's in excellent shape; ev his posture has changed, and he moves with the confident, easy swagger of an athlete. Jane watches him blankly from kitchen table. Carolyn enters. Lester leans against the counter, drinkin his shake directly from the blender pitcher, eyeing her. got a newfound sexual energy that makes her uncomfortable and he knows it. Carolyn quickly rinses off her coffee cu avoiding his eyes, and starts out.
104) 1) dialog: Jane, hurry up. I've got a very important appointment--
104) 3) dialog: Well, of course, she's always welcome. (on her way out) You know, I thought maybe you two had a fight. I haven't seen her around here in a while. And she's gone. Jane continues staring at her father. Finally, he glances over at her.
106) 0) text: Ricky emerges from the house, followed by the Colonel, wh watches his son as he heads toward the Burnham house. His POV: Carolyn waves from the Mercedes, flashing an insincere smile. Jane leans forward from the passenger se and glares at us. As Ricky starts to get in the car, Lest emerges from the house in his sweatpants.
108) 6) dialog: (over speakers) What's good here?
108) 8) dialog: (over speakers) Then I guess we'll just have to be bad, won't we? (then) I think I'll have a double Smiley Sandwich and curly fries, and a vanilla shake.
109) 1) dialog: I think we deserve a little junk food, after the workout we had this morning.
109) 8) dialog: (re: Buddy) We were just at a seminar. (then, all business) Buddy, this is my--
109) 11) dialog: (flustered) You know, this really doesn't concern you.
109) 13) dialog: (miserable) Oh, Lester--
109) 15) dialog: Lester, just stop it!
110) 0) text: The sky is filled with ominous gray clouds. Wind whips garbage across the parking lot as Carolyn's Mercedes pull next to Buddy's Jaguar.
111) 0) text: Carolyn grips the wheel tightly, staring straight ahead. Buddy looks at her unhappily.
111) 2) dialog: Oh, no. I understand completely. (sarcastic) In order to be successful, one must project an image of success. At all times. She regrets it the second it's out of her mouth, and turn him. He just looks at her sadly, then gets out of the car shuts the door. She starts to CRY. As before, she SLAPS herself, hard.
111) 3) dialog: Stop it. Stop it! She closes her eyes tight, trying to stop the tears, then suddenly SCREAMS as loud as she can.
112) 0) text: Buddy's Jaguar speeds off, leaving the Mercedes alone in parking lot. We can still HEAR Carolyn's muffled SCREAMIN There is a sound of distant THUNDER.
125) 0) text: Carolyn sits behind the wheel, listening to a MOTIVATIONA TAPE on the STEREO.
134) 0) text: Carolyn is still listening to the same MOTIVATIONAL TAPE. holds the GLOCK in her hand.
134) 2) dialog: I refuse to be a victim.
138) 0) text: Carolyn drives, her face resolute.
138) 1) dialog: I refuse to be a victim. I refuse to be a victim. I refuse to be a victim... (angry) Lester, I have something I have to say to you...
143) 0) text: CLOSE on Carolyn's eyes, reflected in the REAR-VIEW MIRRO She turns her head to look out the window: Her POV: The RED DOOR of the Burnham house stands out, ev in the pouring rain.
153) 0) text: Carolyn walks slowly toward the RED DOOR, drenched to the bone, clutching her PURSE tightly. We HEAR the GUNSHOT ag
158) 0) text: Carolyn enters, terrified, still clutching her PURSE. She shuts the door and locks it, then takes the GLOCK 19 out her purse. She opens the closet door and shoves the gun i a HAMPER. Then, suddenly aware of Lester's scent, she gra as many of his clothes as she can and pulls them to her, burying her face in them. She sinks to her knees, pulling several items of clothing down with her, and she begins t cry.
159) 0) text: A younger Carolyn sits across from us in one of those SPINNING-TEACUP RIDES, LAUGHING uncontrollably as she twi the wheel in front of her, making us SPIN even faster.