40) 0) text: BARBARA FITTS stands at the stove, flipping bacon strips mechanically, her eyes focused elsewhere. At least ten ye younger than her husband, she's pretty in a June Cleaver- way. The Colonel sits at a dinette reading The Wall Stree Journal. Ricky enters.
40) 9) dialog: This country is going straight to hell. A DOORBELL rings. The Colonel and Barbara look at each ot alarmed.
40) 10) dialog: Are you expecting anyone?
41) 0) text: The Colonel opens the front door to reveal the two JIMS.
41) 7) dialog: (shakes) Colonel Frank Fitts, U.S. Marine Corps.
41) 13) dialog: Let's cut to the chase, okay? What are you guys selling?
41) 15) dialog: Yeah, yeah, yeah. But you said you're partners. So what's your business? The Jims look at each other, then back at the Colonel.
42) 0) text: The Colonel drives, staring darkly at the road ahead. In passenger seat, Ricky is using a CALCULATOR and jotting numbers down in a NOTEBOOK.
42) 1) dialog: How come these faggots always have to rub it in your face? How can they be so shameless?
42) 3) dialog: Well, it is. A beat, as Ricky continues his calculations, before he realizes a response is expected from him. Then:
42) 8) dialog: Don't placate me like I'm your mother, boy. Ricky sighs, then looks at his father.
42) 10) dialog: Me too, son. Me too. Case closed, Ricky goes back to his calculations. CLOSE on the pencil in his hands: He's totaling two colum of NUMBERS. Under the column "Income" he writes in swift, bold strokes: $24,950.00.
44) 0) text: CLOSE on a TV SCREEN: "Hogan's Heroes" on Nick at Nite. The Colonel and Barbara are seated on a couch, watching television. The Colonel is smiling, enjoying the show; Barbara just stares. The Colonel CHUCKLES at a joke and startles her. We HEAR a door opening elsewhere in the house, and Ricky enters.
65) 5) dialog: Ricky! Moving swiftly, Ricky pulls the drapes shut and switches light. His room is a haven of high-tech. A state-of-the-a multimedia COMPUTER crowds his desk, and high-end STEREO VIDEO EQUIPMENT line the shelves, as well as HUNDREDS OF There is easily twenty thousand dollars worth of equipmen this room.
65) 7) dialog: You know I don't like locked doors in my house, boy. Ricky opens the door. The Colonel stands outside, eyeing
65) 9) dialog: I need a urine sample.
65) 11) dialog: Yeah, I suppose. (an awkward beat) Well. Good night, son. He disappears down the hall. Ricky smiles, shuts and lock his door. He puts the plastic cup on the shelf, then cros to a MINI REFRIGERATOR in the corner of his room and take out a cup-sized TUPPERWARE CONTAINER from the freezer, already filled with urine, albeit frozen, and places it o saucer to thaw overnight.
70) 0) text: The Colonel is washing his Ford Explorer, squatting to sc the bumper, when something Catches his eye: His POV: Lester and the Jims jog down the street. The Colonel stands, scowling, as Ricky comes out of the house, holding the URINE SAMPLE in front of him.
70) 1) dialog: What is this, the fucking gay pride parade? Lester breaks off from the two Jims and jogs up to Ricky the Colonel, out of breath. He grabs hold of his knees an bends over, panting.
70) 7) dialog: (shakes) COLONEL Frank Fitts, U.S. Marine Corps.
92) 0) text: We're behind Ricky as he videotapes Jane in her window. S has now removed her shirt. She stands there in her bra, t reaches behind her back to unhook the bra. On VIDEO: We ZOOM toward her as she takes off her bra clumsily. She's obviously embarrassed, but she's gone thi far and there's no turning back. She stands there with he breasts exposed, trying to look defiant, but she's aching vulnerable... Suddenly, the door is thrown open and the Colonel enters, incensed. Startled, Ricky turns around. As soon as his ey meet his father's, he knows what's up.
92) 1) dialog: You little bastard-- Ricky scrambles to dodge his father, but the Colonel is t fast; he punches Ricky in the face, knocking him to the floor.
92) 2) dialog: How did you get in there?
94) 0) text: Jane's POV: In the WINDOW across from us, the Colonel proceeds to give Ricky a serious beating, punching his fa
95) 1) dialog: (unnerved) How!? How?! C'mon, get up! Fight back, you little pussy!
95) 3) dialog: How did you get in there?
95) 5) dialog: What were you looking for? Money? Are you on dope again?
95) 7) dialog: Girlfriend?
95) 13) dialog: This is for your own good, boy. You have no respect for other people's things, for authority, for...
95) 15) dialog: You can't just go around doing whatever you feel like, you can't--there are rules in life--
95) 17) dialog: You need structure, you need discipline--
95) 19) dialog: Oh, Ricky... But something keeps him from doing it.
95) 20) dialog: You stay out of there. He leaves. Ricky gets up and goes to his bureau. He looks his reflection in the mirror, calmly takes a cloth and st to wipe the blood from his face.
105) 0) text: We're outside Ricky's room, MOVING slowly toward the open door, through which we can see Ricky, standing at his bur mirror, combing his hair. The scars on his face are almos gone now. A REVERSE ANGLE reveals the Colonel standing outside the looking in, watching Ricky with great tenderness. Then Ri looks up at him, and the Colonel is suddenly self-conscio
105) 1) dialog: (brusque) You ready to go?
106) 0) text: Ricky emerges from the house, followed by the Colonel, wh watches his son as he heads toward the Burnham house. His POV: Carolyn waves from the Mercedes, flashing an insincere smile. Jane leans forward from the passenger se and glares at us. As Ricky starts to get in the car, Lest emerges from the house in his sweatpants.
107) 0) text: The door swings open silently and the Colonel enters. He starts going through Ricky's bureau. He opens the DRAWER which we know Ricky keeps his marijuana, but he doesn't discover its false bottom. He stands and looks around, hi eyes finally landing on: The DIGICAM and a stack of CASSETTES on a shelf. The came is still connected to the TV. The Colonel turns on the TV, examines the Digicam and pre "play." The TV's blank screen suddenly gives way to... On VIDEO: Barbara Fitts sits at the kitchen table, starin off into space. The Colonel watches, at first baffled, then impatient. He takes the cassette out of the Digicam and inserts another the TV screen we see... On VIDEO: Through the Burnham's GARAGE WINDOW, we see Les step out of his pants and briefs. Then, naked except for black socks, he grabs the dumbbells and starts lifting th watching his reflection in the window as he does... The Colonel sinks slowly onto Ricky's bed, mesmerized.
114) 0) text: Ricky and the Colonel sit at the table, eating in silence Barbara rinses off a pan at the sink, then stares at it a she can't quite remember what she meant to do with it. We suddenly HEAR a BEEPING noise. Ricky pulls his BEEPER off belt and checks it.
116) 0) text: The Colonel rinses off his plate at the sink. Something outside catches his eye, and he cranes his neck to get a better look at... His POV: Through the window over the sink, we can see int the Burnham's GARAGE WINDOW. Our view is blurred by the R but we see Lester, his upper body pumped and glistening i sweat as he counts out a wad of BILLS... and then Ricky w into view. The Colonel's face tightens. His POV: Lester drapes his arm around Ricky as he gives h the money. We can only see Lester from the waist up, so h looks naked.
118) 0) text: The Colonel's POV: Lester leans back in his chair. We see only Ricky's back and shoulders as he rolls the joint. Af a beat, Lester's jaw drops, then he throws his head back. From our perspective, it looks very much like Ricky is gi Lester a blow job. The Colonel watches, incredulous. Then we HEAR a CAR APPROACHING, and the Colonel glances over at: His POV: Angela's BMW pulls into the driveway, stopping behind Lester's Firebird. As Angela and Jane get out and toward the house, our focus MOVES back to the GARAGE WIND Ricky stands, looking a little panicked. Lester pulls on T-shirt, and both he and Ricky cross out of view.
120) 1) dialog: Where'd you get that? Ricky turns, startled. His POV: The Colonel steps out of the shadows. Ricky takes a step back.
120) 3) dialog: Don't lie to me. (beat) I saw you with him.
120) 5) dialog: What did he make you do?
120) 7) dialog: (furious) Don't you laugh at me! (then)
120) 12) dialog: I will not sit back and watch my only son become a cocksucker!
120) 14) dialog: I swear to God, I will throw you out of this house and never look at you again.
120) 16) dialog: Damn straight I do. I'd rather you were dead than be a fucking faggot. A beat. Ricky suddenly smiles. He gets up.
120) 18) dialog: Boy--
120) 20) dialog: Get out.
120) 22) dialog: (explodes) Get out!! I don't ever want to see you again!! Ricky eyes the Colonel. He's finally discovered a way to break free from his father, and he can't believe it was t simple.
120) 24) dialog: (a whisper) Get out.
122) 0) text: The Colonel's POV: Below us, Ricky dashes through the rai the Burnham's front door and knocks. Lester opens it and him in.
123) 0) text: The Colonel looks coldly down at us from Ricky's bedroom window, and then he pulls the drapes shut.
129) 0) text: Through the window, we see the Colonel standing outside, watching. We ZOOM slowly in on him as he watches, transfi
131) 0) text: Lester and the Colonel stare at each other through the window.
133) 0) text: Lester pulls the Colonel inside. The Colonel moves stiffl and seems preoccupied, slightly disoriented.
133) 3) dialog: (his voice thick) Where's your wife?
133) 5) dialog: Your wife is with another man and you don't care?
133) 9) dialog: (a whisper) Yes...
133) 14) dialog: (hoarse) I...
155) 0) text: The Colonel enters, wet. He's wearing LATEX GLOVES. BLOOD covers the front of his T-shirt. He paces in front of one his GUN CASES; the GLASS DOOR is open, and a gun is conspicuously missing from inside.