1) 1) dialog: My name is Lester Burnham. This is my neighborhood. This is my street. This... is my life. I'm forty-two years old. In less than a year, I'll be dead.
2) 0) text: We're looking down at a king-sized BED from OVERHEAD: LESTER BURNHAM lies sleeping amidst expensive bed linens, face down, wearing PAJAMAS. An irritating ALARM CLOCK RIN Lester gropes blindly to shut it off.
2) 1) dialog: Of course, I don't know that yet. He rolls over, looks up at us and sighs. He doesn't seem too thrilled at the prospect of a new day.
2) 5) dialog: And in a way, I'm dead already. He sits up and puts on his slippers.
3) 0) text: Lester thrusts his face directly into a steaming hot show ANGLE from outside the shower: Lester's naked body is silhouetted through the fogged-up glass door. It becomes apparent he is masturbating.
3) 1) dialog: (amused) Look at me, jerking off in the shower. (then) This will be the high point of my day. It's all downhill from here.
4) 0) text: CLOSE on a single, dewy AMERICAN BEAUTY ROSE. A gloved ha with CLIPPERS appears and SNIPS the flower off. CAROLYN BURNHAM tends her rose bushes in front of the Bur house. A very well-put together woman of forty, she wears color-coordinated gardening togs and has lots of useful a expensive tools. Lester watches her through a WINDOW on the first floor, peeping out through the drapes.
4) 1) dialog: That's my wife Carolyn. See the way the handle on those pruning shears matches her gardening clogs? That's not an accident.
5) 2) dialog: That's our next-door neighbor Jim. A second MAN in a conservative suit (JIM #2) comes out of house.
5) 6) dialog: And that's his lover, Jim.
6) 0) text: Lester watches all this from the window.
6) 6) dialog: Man. I get exhausted just watching her. Lester's POV: We can't hear what Jim and Carolyn are sayi but she's overly animated, like a TV talk show host.
6) 7) dialog: She wasn't always like this. She used to be happy. We used to be happy.
7) 1) dialog: My daughter Jane. Only child. CLOSE on the COMPUTER MONITOR: A PERSONAL BANKING SOFTWAR window suddenly disappears to reveal another window: a PLASTIC SURGERY WEBSITE, featuring clinical "before" and "after" photos of surgically augmented breasts.
7) 2) dialog: Janie's a pretty typical teenager. Angry, insecure, confused. I wish I could tell her that's all going to pass... Outside, a CAR HORN BLARES. Jane stuffs items into her BACKPACK.
7) 3) dialog: But I don't want to lie to her. We HEAR the CAR HORN again from outside. Jane studies her in a mirror, then shifts to get a good profile of her breasts.
8) 9) dialog: Both my wife and daughter think I'm this gigantic loser, and... they're right.
9) 0) text: Carolyn is driving; Jane stares out the window. Lester is asleep in the back seat.
9) 1) dialog: I have lost something. I'm not exactly sure what it is, but I know I didn't always feel this... sedated. But you know what? It's never too late to get it back.
10) 0) text: Lester sits at his workstation, a BEIGE CUBICLE surrounde IDENTICAL BEIGE CUBICLES. He's staring at a computer moni and talking on a HEADSET PHONE. The beleaguered expressio his face is at odds with the light, friendly tone of his voice.
10) 1) dialog: Hello, this is Lester Burnham from Media Monthly magazine, I'm calling for Mr. Tamblin, please?... Well, we're all under a deadline here, uh, but you see, there is some basic information about the product launch that isn't even covered in your press release and I... Yeah. Can I ask you a question? Who is Tamblin? Does he exist? 'Cause he doesn't ever seem to come in... Yeah, okay, I'll leave my number...
10) 5) dialog: It's 555 0199. Lester Burnham. Thank you! Lester disconnects the call, obviously irritated.
10) 7) dialog: For you, Brad? I've got five.
11) 2) dialog: Oh, sure. Times are tight, and you gotta free up cash. Gotta spend money to make money. Right?
11) 4) dialog: (blurts) Like the time when Mr. Flournoy used the company MasterCard to pay for that hooker, and then she used the card numbers and stayed at the St. Regis for, what was it, like, three months?
11) 6) dialog: That's fifty thousand dollars. That's somebody's salary. That's somebody who's gonna get fired because Craig has to pay women to fuck him!
11) 11) dialog: Who's expendable.
11) 13) dialog: (angry) I've been writing for this magazine for fourteen years, Brad. You've been here how long, a whole month?
12) 0) text: A MOVING VAN is parked in front of the COLONIAL HOUSE nex door to the Burnhams'. Movers carry furniture toward the house. The Mercedes-Benz pulls into the Burnham driveway. Caroly drives, Lester is in the passenger seat.
12) 2) dialog: You don't think it's weird and kinda fascist?
12) 4) dialog: Oh, well, let's just all sell our souls and work for Satan, because it's more convenient that way.
12) 10) dialog: Well, they were still mad at you for cutting down their sycamore.
13) 0) text: We HEAR EASY-LISTENING MUSIC. Lester, Carolyn and Jane are eating dinner by CANDLELIGHT RED ROSES are bunched in a vase at the center of the tabl Nobody makes eye contact, or even seems aware of anybody else's presence, until...
13) 6) dialog: So Janie, how was school?
13) 8) dialog: Just okay?
13) 10) dialog: Well, you want to know how things went at my job today? Now she looks at him as if he's lost his mind.
13) 11) dialog: They've hired this efficiency expert, this really friendly guy named Brad, how perfect is that? And he's basically there to make it seem like they're justified in firing somebody, because they couldn't just come right out and say that, could they? No, no, that would be too... honest. And so they've asked us-- (off her look) --you couldn't possibly care any less, could you? Carolyn is watching this closely.
13) 14) dialog: Oh, what, you're mother-of-the-year? You treat her like an employee.
13) 20) dialog: I'm going to get some ice cream. Carolyn watches him go, irritated.
14) 0) text: Jane stands at the sink, rinsing off her plate. Lester enters.
14) 1) dialog: Honey, I'm sorry. I... Jane turns and stares at him, waiting for him to finish.
14) 2) dialog: I'm sorry I haven't been more available, I just... I'm... He's looking to her for a little help here, but she's too uncomfortable with this sudden intimacy to give him any.
14) 3) dialog: (finally) You know, you don't always have to wait for me to come to you...
14) 5) dialog: I didn't say that. It's nobody's fault. Janie, what happened? You and I used to be pals.
16) 0) text: Lester's POV: We're looking out through the kitchen windo the point where Ricky was just standing, but he's no long there. Lester turns off the faucet, dries his hands, then tosses towel on the counter on his way out, where it lands next framed PHOTOGRAPH of Lester, Carolyn, and a much-younger Jane, taken several years earlier at an amusement park. It's startling how happy they look.
27) 0) text: Carolyn drives. Lester is slumped in the passenger seat.
27) 1) dialog: What makes you so sure she wants us to be there? Did she ask us to come?
27) 3) dialog: Well, I bet money she's going to resent it. And I'm missing the James Bond marathon on TNT.
27) 5) dialog: Growing? She hates me.
27) 10) dialog: She hates you too. Carolyn stares at him, unsure of how to respond.
28) 2) dialog: We can leave right after this, right? The HIGH SCHOOL BAND plays "ON BROADWAY." On the gym floo the girls perform. They're well-rehearsed, but too young carry off the ambitious Vegas routine they're attempting. Lester, watching from the stands, picks out his daughter. His POV: Jane performs well, concentrating. Dancing awkwa next to her is Angela. Suddenly Angela looks right at us smiles... a lazy, insolent smile. Lester leans forward in his seat. His POV: We're focused on Angela now. Everything starts t SLOW DOWN... the MUSIC acquires an eerie ECHO... We ZOOM slowly toward Lester as he watches, transfixed. His POV: Angela's awkwardness gives way to a fluid grace, "ON BROADWAY" FADES into dreamy, hypnotic MUSIC. The ligh Angela grows stronger, and the other girls DISAPPEAR entirely. Lester is suddenly alone in the stands, spellbound. His POV: Angela looks directly at us now, dancing only fo Lester. Her movements take on a blatantly erotic edge as starts to unzip her uniform, teasing us with an expressio that's both innocent and knowing, then... she pulls her uniform OPEN and a profusion of RED ROSE PETALS spill forth... and we SMASH CUT TO:
29) 0) text: Angela, fully clothed, is once again surrounded by the ot girls. The HIGH SCHOOL BAND plays its last note, the Danc Spartanettes strike their final pose, and the audience APPLAUDS. Carolyn claps along with the rest of the audience. Lester just sits there, unable to take his eyes off Angela.
30) 2) dialog: Janie!
30) 4) dialog: Congratulations, honey, you were great.
30) 6) dialog: (to Angela) Hi, I'm Lester. Janie's dad.
30) 9) dialog: Okay, good to meet you. You were also good tonight. Very... precise.
30) 15) dialog: So, what are you girls doing now?
30) 18) dialog: Oh really, do you need a ride? We can give you a ride. I have a car. You wanna come with us?
30) 20) dialog: Oh, you have a car. Oh. That's great! That's great, because Janie's thinking about getting a car soon too, aren't you, honey?
30) 22) dialog: Well, it was very nice meeting you, Angela. Any, uh, friend of Janie's is a friend of mine. Angela smiles, aware of the power she has over him. He is mesmerized; grateful, even.
30) 23) dialog: Well... I'll be seeing you around then.
31) 0) text: CLOSE on a solitary red ROSE PETAL as it falls slowly thr the air. We're looking down on Lester and Carolyn in bed. Even in sleep, Carolyn looks determined. Lester is awake and star up at us.
31) 1) dialog: It's the weirdest thing. The ROSE PETAL drifts into view, landing on his pillow.
31) 2) dialog: I feel like I've been in a coma for about twenty years, and I'm just now waking up. More ROSE PETALS fall onto the bed, and he smiles up at.. His POV: Angela, naked, FLOATS above us as a deluge of RO PETALS falls around her. Her hair fans out around her hea and GLOWS with a subtle, burnished light. She looks down us with a smile that is all things... Lester smiles back and LAUGHS, as ROSE PETALS cover his f
31) 3) dialog: Spec-tac-ular.
36) 0) text: CLOSE on an ADDRESS BOOK: A man's hand flips to the H pag and then his finger stops at the name Angela Hayes. Lester, dressed for work, goes through Jane's address boo We HEAR the SHOWER running in the adjacent bathroom. He g Jane's phone and dials, then stands with the receiver to ear, nervous.
45) 0) text: We HEAR MUSIC under a room full of people all talking at once, as Lester and Carolyn enter a hotel ballroom. We FO THEM as they pass a SIGN that reads:
45) 6) dialog: Well, you always end up ignoring me and going off-- Inside the ballroom, well-dressed real estate professiona stand in clumps, chatting. Catering waiters serve hors d'eouvres.
45) 8) dialog: Just say whatever you want to say and spare me the propaganda.
45) 10) dialog: (grins stupidly) I am happy, honey. Carolyn's jaw tightens, then:
45) 23) dialog: Oh, we've met before, actually. This thing last year. Or the Christmas thing at the Sheraton.
45) 25) dialog: It's okay. I wouldn't remember me either. He LAUGHS. A little too loudly. Carolyn quickly joins in.
45) 27) dialog: All right, honey. I won't be weird. (his face close to hers) I'll be whatever you want me to be. And he kisses her--a soft, warm kiss that speaks unmistak of sex--then turns to the others and grins.
45) 28) dialog: We have a very healthy relationship.
45) 33) dialog: Well. I don't know about you, but I need a drink. He crosses off. Carolyn, Buddy and Christy watch him go.
46) 0) text: Lester stands at the bar. A bartender pours him a drink.
46) 1) dialog: Whoa. Put a little more in there, cowboy. The bartender complies. Lester takes his drink and turns face the center of the room. His POV: Carolyn is talking to Buddy and Christy. She's o smiling, animated, LAUGHING too loud at their jokes. Lester shakes his head. Ricky approaches him, wearing a waiter's uniform, carrying a tray of empty glasses.
46) 3) dialog: (suspicious) Yeah.
46) 5) dialog: Oh. Hi, Ricky Fitts. I'm Lester Burnham.
46) 8) dialog: Excuse me?
48) 0) text: Ricky and Lester stand next to a dumpster behind the serv entrance to the hotel, smoking a JOINT.
48) 1) dialog: ...did you ever see that movie, where the body's walking around holding its own head? And then the head goes down on that babe?
48) 11) dialog: I think you just became my personal hero. (then) Doesn't that make you nervous, just quitting your job like that? Well, I guess when you're all of, what? Sixteen?
48) 18) dialog: Honey, this is... (laughs) Ricky Fitts. This is Ricky Fitts.
48) 20) dialog: With Jane? Really?
48) 23) dialog: Uh-oh. I'm in trouble. Nice meeting you, Ricky Fitts. Thanks for the, uh, thing.
50) 0) text: Lester enters and opens the refrigerator.
51) 0) text: Angela is back against the counter, drinking the root bee Lester stands by the refrigerator, gazing at her, still l in fantasy.
51) 8) dialog: Sure! He takes a sip of his root beer, but it goes down the wro way and he starts COUGHING violently.
53) 0) text: Lester, still in his suit, stands outside Jane's room, hi ear up against the door. He can't believe what he's heari
55) 0) text: Lester, still listening, looks like he's about to implode
61) 0) text: Ricky's POV: Through a WINDOW on the side of the Burnham' GARAGE DOOR, we see Lester, still in his suit, digging through shelves against the back wall.
62) 0) text: Lester digs through stuff stored on the shelves, searchin for something as if his very life depended on it.
62) 1) dialog: Shit. Shit! He yanks aside COLLEGE YEARBOOKS, a racquetball RACQUET, boxes of old HOT ROD MAGAZINES, an unopened remote-contro MODEL JEEP KIT, stacks of old vinyl LPs... finally his fa lights up when he finds: A pair of DUMBBELLS obviously unused for many years. Lester rips off his jacket and tie and unbuttons his shir He glances around, finding his REFLECTION in the WINDOW a pulls off his shirt, then the T-shirt underneath. He eyes himself critically: Angela was right, he's not in bad sha Just a few extra pounds around his middle that wouldn't b hard to shed. He kicks off his shoes and begins to step o of his pants.
64) 0) text: Ricky's POV, on VIDEO: Through a WINDOW on the side of th Burnham's garage, we see Lester step out of his pants and briefs. Then, naked except for his black socks, he grabs dumbbells and starts lifting them, watching his reflectio the window as he does.
66) 0) text: Lester enters and switches on the LIGHT. The room is fill with STEAM. Lester looks around, confused, then focuses o His POV: Across from us, in a PEDESTAL BATHTUB, is Angela She smiles and beckons us, and we MOVE CLOSER. ROSE PETAL float on the surface of the water, obscuring her naked bo
67) 0) text: CLOSE on Carolyn, her eyes wide, listening to the rhythmi BRUSH of Lester's hand as he masturbates under the covers She flips over and faces him.
67) 2) dialog: Nothing. Carolyn switches on the bedside LIGHT.
67) 7) dialog: I was not.
67) 9) dialog: All right, so shoot me. I was whacking off. Carolyn gets out of bed, repelled. Lester LAUGHS.
67) 10) dialog: That's right. I was choking the bishop. Shaving the carrot. Saying hi to my monster.
67) 12) dialog: Well, excuse me, but I still have blood pumping through my veins!
67) 14) dialog: Really? I'm the only one who seems to be doing anything about it.
67) 16) dialog: This hasn't been a marriage for years. But you were happy as long as I kept my mouth shut. Well, guess what? I've changed. And the new me whacks off when he feels horny, because you're obviously not going to help me out in that department.
67) 18) dialog: I'm not? Well then, come on, baby! I'm ready.
67) 23) dialog: On what grounds? I'm not a drunk, I don't fuck other women, I don't mistreat you, I've never hit you, or even tried to touch you since you made it so abundantly clear just how unnecessary you consider me to be. But. I did support you while you got your license. And some people might think that entitles me to half of what's yours. She sinks into a chair, stunned. It's clear he knows wher she's most vulnerable. He sees this, and likes it; it fee good to win for a change. He curls up under the covers contentedly.
67) 24) dialog: Turn out the light when you come to bed, okay? CLOSE on Lester, smiling.
68) 1) dialog: It's a great thing when you realize you still have the ability to surprise yourself. Makes you wonder what else you can do that you've forgotten about.
69) 1) dialog: Hey! You guys! Still running, the Jims turn back in perfect unison, as Lester runs INTO FRAME, wearing a baggy sweatshirt and a of faded old sweatpants. The Jims slow down until he catc up, then the three men run together in the early morning light.
69) 6) dialog: (panting) Well, I just started.
69) 8) dialog: I figured you guys might be able to give me some pointers. I need to shape up. Fast.
69) 10) dialog: I want to look good naked.
70) 0) text: The Colonel is washing his Ford Explorer, squatting to sc the bumper, when something Catches his eye: His POV: Lester and the Jims jog down the street. The Colonel stands, scowling, as Ricky comes out of the house, holding the URINE SAMPLE in front of him.
70) 2) dialog: Hey! Yo! Ricky! (re: the Jims) My entire life is passing before my eyes, and those two have barely broken a sweat. He LAUGHS, and extends his hand to the Colonel.
70) 3) dialog: Sorry, hi. Lester Burnham, I live next door. We haven't met.
70) 8) dialog: Whoa. Welcome to the neighborhood, sir. He salutes the Colonel good-naturedly, grinning. The Colo doesn't think it's funny. An awkward beat.
70) 9) dialog: So, Ricky, uh, I was thinking about the, uh... I was gonna... the movie we talked about...
70) 11) dialog: Yeah!
71) 0) text: Ricky enters, followed by Lester.
71) 2) dialog: Sure. He gives the URINE SPECIMEN to Lester, then locks the doo
71) 4) dialog: (re: urine sample) What is this?
71) 9) dialog: Are you kidding? You just smoked with me last night.
71) 11) dialog: You like Pink Floyd?
71) 13) dialog: Man, I haven't listened to this album in years. He shakes his head, then puts the CD case down. Ricky, ha emptied the drawer, now removes a FALSE BOTTOM, revealing rows of MARIJUANA, tightly packed in ZIP-LOC BAGS.
71) 15) dialog: I don't know, it's been a while. How much is an ounce?
71) 17) dialog: Wow.
71) 22) dialog: Is that what we smoked last night?
71) 24) dialog: How much?
71) 26) dialog: Jesus. Things have changed since 1973.
71) 28) dialog: Thanks.
71) 30) dialog: (looks around room) Well, now I know how you can afford all this equipment. When I was your age, I flipped burgers all summer just to be able to buy an eight track.
71) 32) dialog: No actually, it was great. All I did was party and get laid. (smiles) I had my whole life ahead of me...
72) 0) text: Carolyn, carrying a basket of fresh cut ROSES, passes by GARAGE WINDOW. From inside the garage, we HEAR ROCK MUSIC Carolyn stops and SNIFFS the air, frowning. She peers thr the window. Her POV: Lester, in a T-shirt and gym shorts, lies on a n WEIGHT BENCH, doing bench presses with shiny new BARBELLS
73) 0) text: ROCK MUSIC blasts from a new BOOMBOX on the floor. The garage is in the process of becoming Lester's sanctua An ugly but comfortable 70's BOWL CHAIR has been pulled o and cleaned off, his old hot rod magazines strewn across and the remote-controlled MODEL JEEP KIT is spread across card table. The SHELVES that Lester tore through earlier been dismantled, leaving a blank wall on which now hangs DART BOARD. Lester finishes his last rep, straining, then puts the weights in their rack and sits up. As he takes a drag off joint, the GARAGE DOOR suddenly starts to open. Lester lo up, squinting at: His POV: The door raises to reveal Carolyn, silhouetted against the bright sunlight outside, pointing a REMOTE at
73) 1) dialog: Uh-oh, mom's mad.
73) 3) dialog: Bench presses. I'm going to wail on my pecs, and then I'm going to do my back.
73) 5) dialog: You're one to talk, you bloodless, money- grubbing freak.
73) 10) dialog: Do you mind? I'm trying to work out here. (then, suggestively) Unless you want to spot me.
73) 12) dialog: (as he lifts) That's. What. You. Think.
74) 2) dialog: (laughs) Brad, for fourteen years I've been a whore for the advertising industry. The only way I could save myself now is if I start firebombing.
74) 4) dialog: Well, just what sort of severance package is "management" prepared to offer me?
74) 9) dialog: Considering the information I have about our editorial director buying pussy with company money. A beat.
74) 10) dialog: Which I'm sure would interest the I.R.S., since it technically constitutes fraud. And I'm sure that some of our advertisers and rival publications might like to know about it as well. Not to mention, Craig's wife. Brad sighs.
74) 12) dialog: One year's salary, with benefits.
74) 14) dialog: Well, what do you say I throw in a little sexual harassment charge to boot? Brad LAUGHS.
74) 16) dialog: Against you. Brad stops laughing.
74) 17) dialog: Can you prove you didn't offer to save my job if I'd let you blow me? Brad leans back in his chair, studying Lester.
74) 19) dialog: (standing) Nope. I'm just an ordinary guy with nothing to lose.
75) 0) text: Exhilarated, Lester walks down a corridor, his belongings a box on his shoulder. He's happier than he's been in yea
75) 1) dialog: Yeah!
80) 0) text: Lester's TOYOTA CAMRY cruises through the streets. We hea Lester SINGING along to "AMERICAN WOMAN" on the STEREO.
81) 0) text: Lester is driving, smoking a joint.
81) 1) dialog: 
82) 0) text: Lester continues singing along to "AMERICAN WOMAN," as th Camry pulls into the parking lot of a FAST FOOD RESTAURAN Lester pulls up to the drive-thru speaker box.
82) 2) dialog: What?
82) 4) dialog: Uh... no. But thank you. (reading menu) I'll have a Big Barn Burger, Smiley fries, and an orange soda.
82) 12) dialog: No. No, actually... I'd like to fill out an application. She stares at him, confused by his age and attire.
82) 14) dialog: Good. I'm looking for the least possible amount of responsibility.
83) 0) text: Lester sits at a booth with the MANAGER, a greasy kid wea a white short sleeve shirt and a tie covered with the Mr. Smiley's logo. He looks over Lester's application, baffle
83) 2) dialog: I have fast food experience.
83) 4) dialog: Well, I'm sure there have been amazing technological advances in the industry, but surely you have some sort of training process. It seems unfair to presume I won't be able to learn. The Manager sighs and runs a hand through his greasy hair wondering what he could possibly have done to deserve thi
89) 0) text: Lester sits at the table in sloppy clothes, eating his di voraciously and drinking beer from a bottle. Across from Carolyn picks at her food, watching him with contempt. EA LISTENING MUSIC plays on the STEREO.
89) 6) dialog: Janie, today I quit my job. And then I told my boss to fuck himself, and then I blackmailed him for almost sixty thousand dollars. Pass the asparagus.
89) 8) dialog: And your mother seems to prefer I go through life like a fucking prisoner while she keeps my dick in a mason jar under the sink.
89) 10) dialog: Lose it? I didn't lose it. It's not like, "Oops, where'd my job go?" I quit. Someone pass me the asparagus.
89) 12) dialog: I already have a job.
89) 17) dialog: (overlapping) Will someone pass me the fucking asparagus?
89) 19) dialog: (means it) Sit down. Jane does so, surprised and intimidated by the power in h voice. Lester gets up, crosses to the other side of the t to get a PLATE OF ASPARAGUS, then sits again as he serves himself.
89) 20) dialog: I'm sick and tired of being treated    like I don't exist. You two do whatever    you want to do whenever you want to do    it and I don't complain. All I want is the    same courtesy--
89) 22) dialog: (casual) Don't interrupt me, honey.
89) 26) dialog: Oh, and another thing. From now on, we're going to alternate our dinner music. Because frankly, and I don't think I'm alone here, I'm really tired of this Lawrence Welk shit.
100) 0) text: Lester's REMOTE-CONTROLLED MODEL JEEP is zooming across t floor of the family room, expertly maneuvering corners an narrowly avoiding crashing. Lester is sprawled on the couch in his underwear, drinkin BEER and controlling the car. His working out is beginnin produce results. The room, too, seems changed: sloppier, lived in. Carolyn enters through the kitchen, flushed and angry. Sh just stands there, staring at Lester. After a moment, he looks up at her.
100) 4) dialog: What?
100) 6) dialog: Mine. 1970 Pontiac Firebird. The car I always wanted and now I have it. I rule!
100) 8) dialog: I traded it in.
100) 10) dialog: Hmm, let me think... No. You never drove it. (then) Have you done something different? You look great.
100) 12) dialog: Jane not home. We have the whole house to ourselves. He smiles at her playfully. She stares back, annoyed. It' the same look she had at the beginning, when he dropped h briefcase, but whatever power that look had is gone. Lest just LAUGHS.
100) 13) dialog: Christ, Carolyn. When did you become so... joyless?
100) 18) dialog: (leaning toward her) Whatever happened to that girl who used to fake seizures at frat parties when she got bored? And who used to run up to the roof of our first apartment building to flash the traffic helicopters? Have you totally forgotten about her? Because I haven't. His face is close to hers, and suddenly the atmosphere is charged. She pulls back automatically, but it's clear she drawn to him. He smiles, and moves even closer, holding h beer loosely balanced. Then, just before their lips meet.
100) 20) dialog: So what? It's just a couch.
100) 22) dialog: It's just a couch! He stands and gestures toward all the things in the room.
100) 23) dialog: This isn't life. This is just stuff. And it's become more important to you than living. Well, honey, that's just nuts. Carolyn stares at him, on the verge of tears, then turns walks out of the room before he can see her cry.
100) 24) dialog: (calls after her) I'm only trying to help you.
102) 1) dialog: Remember those posters that said, "Today is the first day of the rest of your life?" Well, that's true of every day except one. (a beat) The day you die. We're almost on top of the Burnham house now, as Lester, wearing sweatpants and running shoes, bursts out of the f door and dashes up the driveway.
103) 0) text: We're now at street level, as Lester runs toward us. He carries a WALKMAN and wears EARPHONES, and we HEAR ROCK M as he runs. The endorphins have kicked in, and Lester gri reveling in the sheer physical pleasure of his body.
104) 0) text: The blender GRINDS as Lester, still in his sweatpants, ma himself a high-protein shake. He's in excellent shape; ev his posture has changed, and he moves with the confident, easy swagger of an athlete. Jane watches him blankly from kitchen table. Carolyn enters. Lester leans against the counter, drinkin his shake directly from the blender pitcher, eyeing her. got a newfound sexual energy that makes her uncomfortable and he knows it. Carolyn quickly rinses off her coffee cu avoiding his eyes, and starts out.
104) 4) dialog: What?
104) 6) dialog: What are you talking about? I've barely even spoken to her.
104) 11) dialog: (angry himself) You better watch yourself, Janie, or you're going to turn into a real bitch, just like your mother. Jane is stunned. She quickly rises, trying to get out of kitchen before she starts crying. ANGLE on Lester, and the immediate regret in his eyes.
104) 12) dialog: (under his breath) Fuck.
106) 1) dialog: Yo, Ricky. How's it going?
108) 0) text: Lester, wearing a Mr. Smiley's uniform, is happily flippi burgers on a grill.
108) 2) dialog: You need more than that, my little hombre.
109) 3) dialog: (overly cheerful) Smile! You're at Mr. Smiley's! Carolyn almost jumps out of her skin.
109) 7) dialog: Would you like to    try our new beef and cheese pot pie on    a stick, just a dollar ninety-nine for a    limited time only? Carolyn struggles to appear nonchalant.
109) 9) dialog: Her husband. We've met before, but something tells me you're going to remember me this time.
109) 12) dialog: Actually, Janeane is senior drive-thru manager, so you kind of are on her turf. (to Carolyn, quietly) So. This makes sense.
109) 14) dialog: Honey, it's okay. I want you to be happy. (then) Would you like Smiley Sauce with that?
109) 16) dialog: Uh-uh. You don't get to tell me what to do. Ever again.
113) 0) text: It's RAINING outside. We HEAR ROCK MUSIC as Lester pumps iron. He puts the weights down and looks at his REFLECTIO the window: His POV: His arms are pumped. He smiles.
113) 4) dialog: Shit.
116) 0) text: The Colonel rinses off his plate at the sink. Something outside catches his eye, and he cranes his neck to get a better look at... His POV: Through the window over the sink, we can see int the Burnham's GARAGE WINDOW. Our view is blurred by the R but we see Lester, his upper body pumped and glistening i sweat as he counts out a wad of BILLS... and then Ricky w into view. The Colonel's face tightens. His POV: Lester drapes his arm around Ricky as he gives h the money. We can only see Lester from the waist up, so h looks naked.
117) 0) text: Ricky, his hair wet from the rain, puts the cash in his pocket. Lester's arm remains draped around his shoulder.
117) 2) dialog: Yeah, in the cigar box, right over there. (laughs) You know, put up a fight, dude! You are such a pushover. "No I can't. Really. Okay." And he slaps Ricky playfully on the chest. Ricky grins, t squats down and reaches under the weight bench.
118) 0) text: The Colonel's POV: Lester leans back in his chair. We see only Ricky's back and shoulders as he rolls the joint. Af a beat, Lester's jaw drops, then he throws his head back. From our perspective, it looks very much like Ricky is gi Lester a blow job. The Colonel watches, incredulous. Then we HEAR a CAR APPROACHING, and the Colonel glances over at: His POV: Angela's BMW pulls into the driveway, stopping behind Lester's Firebird. As Angela and Jane get out and toward the house, our focus MOVES back to the GARAGE WIND Ricky stands, looking a little panicked. Lester pulls on T-shirt, and both he and Ricky cross out of view.
119) 0) text: Lester leans nonchalantly against the counter. Jane and Angela enter. Jane frowns when she sees him.
119) 1) dialog: Oh. Hi.
119) 3) dialog: Don't know.
119) 5) dialog: Hi. He's trying to remain cool, and doing a pretty good job.
119) 7) dialog: Some. Jane rolls her eyes and exits. Angela walks over to Leste
119) 12) dialog: You like muscles? His voice is low and intense. She moves away, suddenly insecure.
122) 0) text: The Colonel's POV: Below us, Ricky dashes through the rai the Burnham's front door and knocks. Lester opens it and him in.
128) 0) text: We're MOVING SLOWLY toward the Burnham's GARAGE WINDOW through the RAIN. Through the window, we see Lester, wear only his sweatpants, performing bench presses.
130) 0) text: His POV: Lester finishes his last rep, then racks the wei and sits up, sweaty and out of breath. He runs his free h over his chest... and then he glances at us, suddenly awa he's being watched.
131) 0) text: Lester and the Colonel stare at each other through the window.
132) 0) text: The RAIN is coming down in sheets now, and there is a sha CLAP of THUNDER. We're directly outside the GARAGE DOOR a slowly lifts to reveal Lester smiling at us.
132) 4) dialog: Jesus, man. You're soaked.
133) 0) text: Lester pulls the Colonel inside. The Colonel moves stiffl and seems preoccupied, slightly disoriented.
133) 1) dialog: You want me to get Ricky? He's in Jane's room. The Colonel just stands there, looking at Lester.
133) 2) dialog: You okay?
133) 4) dialog: Uh... I don't know. Probably out fucking that dorky prince of real estate asshole. And you know what? I don't care. The Colonel moves closer towards him.
133) 6) dialog: Nope, our marriage is just for show. A commercial, for how normal we are. When we are anything but. He grins... and so does the Colonel.
133) 7) dialog: You're shaking. He places his hand on the Colonel's shoulder. The Colonel closes his eyes.
133) 8) dialog: We really should get you out of these clothes.
133) 13) dialog: It's okay.
133) 15) dialog: (softly) Just tell me what you need. The Colonel reaches up and places his hand on Lester's cheek... and then kisses him. Lester is momentarily stunn and then he pushes the Colonel away. The Colonel's face crumples in shame.
133) 16) dialog: Whoa, whoa, whoa. I'm sorry. You got the wrong idea. The Colonel stares at the floor, blinking, and then he tu and runs out the open garage door into the rainy night.
136) 0) text: Lester enters, opens the refrigerator and grabs a BEER. Suddenly we HEAR MUSIC coming from the other room. Lester opens his beer and starts toward the family room.
137) 2) dialog: Not at all. (then) Bad night?
137) 4) dialog: (grins) Believe me. It couldn't possibly be any stranger than mine. She smiles. They stand there in silence; the atmosphere i charged.
137) 7) dialog: (offering beer) Do you want a sip? She nods. Lester holds the bottle up to her mouth and she drinks clumsily. He gently wipes her chin with the back o his hand.
137) 11) dialog: So... are you going to tell me? What you want?
137) 13) dialog: You don't know? His face is very close to hers. She's unnerved--this is happening too fast...
137) 15) dialog: Are you kidding? I want you. I've wanted you since the first moment I saw you. You are the most beautiful thing I have ever seen. Angela takes a deep breath just before Lester leans in to kiss her cheek, her forehead, her eyelids, her neck...
137) 17) dialog: You couldn't be ordinary if you tried.
139) 0) text: Angela lays back on the couch as Lester moves in over her pulls her jeans off and gently brushes his fingers over h legs, then moves up and caresses her face...
141) 0) text: Lester starts unbuttoning Angela's blouse. She seems disconnected from what's happening. Lester pulls her blou open, exposing her breasts. Lester looks down at her, grinning, unable to believe he' actually about to do what he's dreamed of so many times, then...
141) 2) dialog: You're kidding.
141) 9) dialog: (tenderly) You are beautiful. He grabs a blanket from the back of the couch and drapes around her shoulders, covering her nakedness.
141) 10) dialog: You are so beautiful... and I would be a very lucky man... He smiles and shakes his head. Humiliated, Angela starts cry.
141) 12) dialog: Don't. He hugs her, letting her put her head on his shoulder, stroking her hair and rocking her gently.
141) 14) dialog: You have nothing to be sorry about. But she keeps crying. Lester hugs her again. We HEAR a lo CLAP of THUNDER outside.
141) 15) dialog: (smiles) It's okay. Everything's okay.
144) 2) dialog: Do you want me to make you another one?
144) 4) dialog: (concerned) You sure?
144) 6) dialog: How's Jane?
144) 8) dialog: I mean, how's her life? Is she happy? Is she miserable? I'd really like to know, and she'd die before she'd ever tell me about it.
144) 13) dialog: (quietly) Good for her. An awkward beat.
144) 15) dialog: (smiles, taken aback) God, it's been a long time since anybody asked me that. (thinks about it) I'm great. They just sit there, smiling at each other, then:
144) 17) dialog: (laughs) I'm great. Something at the edge of the counter catches his eye, and reaches for... CLOSE on a framed PHOTOGRAPH as he picks it up: It's the photo we saw earlier of him, Carolyn and Jane, taken seve years ago at an amusement park. It's startling how happy look. Lester crosses to the kitchen table, where he sits and studies the photo. He suddenly seems older, more mature.. and then he smiles: the deep, satisfied smile of a man wh just now understands the punch line of a joke he heard lo ago...
144) 21) dialog: Man oh man... (softly) Man oh man oh man... After a beat, the barrel of a GUN rises up behind his hea aimed at the base of his skull. ANGLE ON an arrangement of fresh-cut ROSES   in a vase on opposite counter, deep crimson against the   WHITE TILE W Then a GUNSHOT suddenly rings out, ECHOING   unnaturally. Instantly, the tile is sprayed with BLOOD,   the same dee crimson as the roses.
146) 3) dialog: I had always heard your entire life flashes in front of your eyes the second before you die.
147) 1) dialog: First of all, that one second isn't a second at all, it stretches on forever, like an ocean of time...
148) 0) text: In BLACK &amp; WHITE: Eleven-year-old Lester looks up, po excitedly at: His POV: A DOT OF LIGHT falls across an unbelievably star sky.
148) 1) dialog: For me, it was lying on my back at Boy Scout camp, watching falling stars...
150) 1) dialog: And yellow leaves, from the maple trees, that lined my street...
152) 1) dialog: Or my grandmother's hands, and the way her skin seemed like paper...
154) 4) dialog: And the first time I saw my cousin Tony's brand new Firebird...
156) 1) dialog: And Janie...
157) 1) dialog: And Janie...
158) 0) text: Carolyn enters, terrified, still clutching her PURSE. She shuts the door and locks it, then takes the GLOCK 19 out her purse. She opens the closet door and shoves the gun i a HAMPER. Then, suddenly aware of Lester's scent, she gra as many of his clothes as she can and pulls them to her, burying her face in them. She sinks to her knees, pulling several items of clothing down with her, and she begins t cry.
159) 1) dialog: (with love) And... Carolyn.
160) 1) dialog: I guess I could be pretty pissed off about what happened to me... but it's hard to stay mad, when there's so much beauty in the world. Sometimes I feel like I'm seeing it all at once, and it's too much, my heart fills up like a balloon that's about to burst...
161) 1) dialog: ...and then I remember to relax, and stop trying to hold on to it, and then it flows through me like rain and I can't feel anything but gratitude for every single moment of my stupid little life... (amused) You have no idea what I'm talking about, I'm sure. But don't worry...
161) 3) dialog: You will someday.