0) 2) dialog: Want me to kill him for you? Jane looks at us and sits up.
16) 0) text: Lester's POV: We're looking out through the kitchen windo the point where Ricky was just standing, but he's no long there. Lester turns off the faucet, dries his hands, then tosses towel on the counter on his way out, where it lands next framed PHOTOGRAPH of Lester, Carolyn, and a much-younger Jane, taken several years earlier at an amusement park. It's startling how happy they look.
34) 0) text: On VIDEO: Jane gets out of the car, still LAUGHING, and w as Angela pulls away. We ZOOM toward Jane as she walks up driveway. She turns suddenly, sensing our presence. Her POV: We're looking at the COLONIAL HOUSE next door wh the moving van was parked earlier. The front porch is shrouded in darkness... then a PORCH LIGHT abruptly revea Ricky. As usual, he's dressed conservatively. There is a BEEPER attached to his belt, and his DIGICAM dangles loos around his neck. Irritated, Jane stares at him, hard.
35) 0) text: Jane enters, closes and locks the door. She quickly TURNS THE LIGHT that's been left on for her, then peeks through window. Her POV: There's no sign of Ricky. Jane turns back into the room, her heart racing... and smiles.
39) 0) text: Ricky stands at his window, videotaping. He lowers his Digicam, but his eyes remain locked on Jane across the wa
39) 1) dialog: Be right there.
40) 0) text: BARBARA FITTS stands at the stove, flipping bacon strips mechanically, her eyes focused elsewhere. At least ten ye younger than her husband, she's pretty in a June Cleaver- way. The Colonel sits at a dinette reading The Wall Stree Journal. Ricky enters.
40) 1) dialog: Mom. Startled, Barbara turns to him.
40) 3) dialog: I don't eat bacon, remember?
40) 8) dialog: What's new in the world, Dad?
42) 0) text: The Colonel drives, staring darkly at the road ahead. In passenger seat, Ricky is using a CALCULATOR and jotting numbers down in a NOTEBOOK.
42) 2) dialog: That's the whole thing, Dad. They don't feel like it's anything to be ashamed of. The Colonel looks at Ricky sharply.
42) 7) dialog: Yeah, you're right. The Colonel's eyes flash angrily.
42) 9) dialog: Forgive me, sir, for speaking so bluntly, but those fags make me want to puke my fucking guts out. The Colonel is taken aback but quickly covers.
43) 25) dialog: Hi. My name's Ricky. I just moved next door to you.
43) 27) dialog: I didn't mean to scare you. I just think you're interesting. Angela shoots a wide-eyed look at Jane, who ignores it.
43) 29) dialog: I'm not obsessing. I'm just curious. He looks at her intently, his eyes searching hers. Jane i unnerved and has to look away. Ricky smiles and walks off
44) 0) text: CLOSE on a TV SCREEN: "Hogan's Heroes" on Nick at Nite. The Colonel and Barbara are seated on a couch, watching television. The Colonel is smiling, enjoying the show; Barbara just stares. The Colonel CHUCKLES at a joke and startles her. We HEAR a door opening elsewhere in the house, and Ricky enters.
44) 1) dialog: Hey. He sits on the couch, next to his father, and watches TV along with them. The Colonel's smile fades.
44) 3) dialog: Mom. Nobody said anything.
46) 2) dialog: Excuse me. Don't you live on Robin Hood Trail? The house with the red door?
46) 4) dialog: I'm Ricky Fitts. I just moved into the house next to you.
46) 6) dialog: Hi, Lester Burnham. A beat. Lester looks away, scans the crowd, then downs th rest of his drink in one gulp. Ricky just stands there, watching him. Finally Lester turns back to Ricky: what do this kid want?
46) 7) dialog: Do you party?
46) 9) dialog: Do you get high?
48) 0) text: Ricky and Lester stand next to a dumpster behind the serv entrance to the hotel, smoking a JOINT.
48) 2) dialog: Re-Animator.
48) 7) dialog: Fine. So don't pay me.
48) 9) dialog: I quit. So you don't have to pay me. Now, leave me alone.
48) 12) dialog: Eighteen. (then) I just do these gigs as a cover. I have other sources of income. But my dad interferes less in my life when I pretend to be an upstanding young citizen with a respectable job.
48) 19) dialog: I'm Ricky Fitts, I just moved in the house next to you. I go to school with your daughter.
48) 21) dialog: Yeah. Jane.
48) 24) dialog: Any time. Lester goes inside.
48) 25) dialog: (calls after him) Lester. If you want any more, you know where I live.
60) 0) text: Ricky sits in darkness with his DIGICAM, videotaping. He lowers the camera and smiles... then something below catc his attention. He leans out the window to get a better lo at:
61) 0) text: Ricky's POV: Through a WINDOW on the side of the Burnham' GARAGE DOOR, we see Lester, still in his suit, digging through shelves against the back wall.
63) 0) text: Ricky holds his Digicam up and starts to videotape.
64) 0) text: Ricky's POV, on VIDEO: Through a WINDOW on the side of th Burnham's garage, we see Lester step out of his pants and briefs. Then, naked except for his black socks, he grabs dumbbells and starts lifting them, watching his reflectio the window as he does.
65) 0) text: Ricky stands at the window, videotaping.
65) 4) dialog: Welcome to America's Weirdest Home Videos. Suddenly we HEAR someone trying to open a locked door.
65) 6) dialog: Coming, Dad.
65) 8) dialog: I'm sorry, I must have locked it by accident. So what's up? The Colonel holds out a small PLASTIC CUP WITH A CAP.
65) 10) dialog: Wow. It's been six months already. Can I give it to you in the morning? I just took a whiz.
70) 0) text: The Colonel is washing his Ford Explorer, squatting to sc the bumper, when something Catches his eye: His POV: Lester and the Jims jog down the street. The Colonel stands, scowling, as Ricky comes out of the house, holding the URINE SAMPLE in front of him.
70) 10) dialog: (quickly) Re-Animator.
70) 12) dialog: You want to borrow it? (before Lester can answer) Okay, it's up in my room. Come on. He heads into the house. Lester waves at the Colonel, the follows him. The Colonel watches them go, his eyes dark.
71) 0) text: Ricky enters, followed by Lester.
71) 1) dialog: Can you hold this for a sec?
71) 3) dialog: I don't think my dad would try to come in when somebody else is here, but you never know. Ricky crosses to a bureau and opens a DRAWER. He takes clothing out and piles it on his bed.
71) 8) dialog: Urine. I have to take a drug test every six months to make sure I'm clean.
71) 10) dialog: It's not mine. One of my clients is a nurse in a pediatrician's office. I cut her a deal, she keeps me in clean piss. Lester picks up a CD case from a shelf and examines it.
71) 12) dialog: I like a lot of music.
71) 14) dialog: How much do you want?
71) 16) dialog: (indicates bag) Well, this is totally decent, and it's three hundred.
71) 18) dialog: (indicates another bag) But this shit is top of the line. It's called G-13. Genetically engineered by the U.S. Government. Extremely potent. But a completely mellow high, no paranoia.
71) 23) dialog: This is all I ever smoke.
71) 25) dialog: Two grand.
71) 27) dialog: You don't have to pay now. I know you're good for it. A beat.
71) 29) dialog: (hands him a bag) There's a card in there with my beeper number, call me anytime day or night. And I only accept cash.
71) 31) dialog: That sucks.
71) 33) dialog: My dad thinks I pay for all this with catering jobs. (off Lester's look) Never underestimate the power of denial. Lester smiles. This kid's cool.
77) 0) text: Ricky stands with his DIGICAM, videotaping something on t ground at his feet. On VIDEO: A DEAD BIRD lays on the ground, decomposing.
77) 2) dialog: I was filming this dead bird.
77) 4) dialog: Because it's beautiful. On VIDEO: Angela looks at Jane, trying not to laugh.
77) 6) dialog: Hi, Jane.
77) 11) dialog: Okay. He looks at her, curious, his eyes searching hers. She doesn't look away.
77) 15) dialog: It's okay. I'll walk. But thanks.
85) 0) text: Ricky and Jane walk along without speaking. He seems comfortable with the silence; she doesn't. After a beat:
85) 5) dialog: I like it. A beat.
85) 7) dialog: Have you ever known anybody who died?
85) 9) dialog: No, but I did see this homeless woman who froze to death once. Just laying there on the sidewalk. She looked really sad. They watch the FUNERAL CARS pass.
85) 10) dialog: I got that homeless woman on video.
85) 12) dialog: Because it was amazing.
85) 14) dialog: When you see something like that, it's like God is looking right at you, just for a second. And if you're careful, you can look right back.
85) 19) dialog: Beauty.
86) 0) text: Barbara Fitts sits at the kitchen table, staring off into space as if hypnotized. Behind her, Ricky enters, followe Jane.
86) 1) dialog: Mom, I want you to meet somebody. (no response) Mom. Barbara's eyes flutter and she turns to him slowly.
86) 3) dialog: I want you to meet somebody. This is Jane.
87) 0) text: We HEAR KEYS TURNING in the lock, then the door opens and Ricky enters, holding a RING OF KEYS, followed by Jane.
87) 1) dialog: This is where my dad hides out. GLASS CASES filled with GUNS line the walls.
87) 3) dialog: You got to see this one thing... He unlocks the cabinet and opens it, revealing shelves stacked with WAR MEMORABILIA.
87) 7) dialog: My dad would kill me if he knew I was in here.
87) 9) dialog: No. One of my clients is a locksmith. He was short on cash one night, so I let him pay me in trade. He reaches into the cabinet and carefully removes an oval CHINA PLATTER, which he hands to Jane. She examines it.
87) 10) dialog: Turn it over. CLOSE on the bottom of the plate: A small SWASTIKA is imprinted in the center.
87) 12) dialog: It's like official state china of the Third Reich. There's a whole subculture of people who collect this Nazi shit. But my dad just has this one thing. He puts the platter back into the cabinet and shuts the d then notices Jane looking at him oddly.
87) 13) dialog: What's wrong?
87) 15) dialog: (concerned) No, you're scared of me.
87) 17) dialog: You want to see the most beautiful thing I've ever filmed?
88) 0) text: On VIDEO: We're in an empty parking lot on a cold, gray d Something is floating across from us... it's an empty, wrinkled, white PLASTIC BAG. We follow it as the wind car it in a circle around us, sometimes whipping it about violently, or, without warning, sending it soaring skywar then letting it float gracefully down to the ground... Jane and Ricky sit on the bed, watching his WIDE-SCREEN T
88) 1) dialog: It was one of those days when it's a minute away from snowing. And there's this electricity in the air, you can almost hear it, right? And this bag was just... dancing with me. Like a little kid begging me to play with it. For fifteen minutes. That's the day I realized that there was this entire life behind things, and this incredibly benevolent force that wanted me to know there was no reason to be afraid. Ever. A beat.
88) 2) dialog: Video's a poor excuse, I know. But it helps me remember... I need to remember... Now Jane is watching him.
88) 3) dialog: (distant) Sometimes there's so much beauty in the world I feel like I can't take it... and my heart is going to cave in. After a moment, Jane takes his hand. Then she leans in an kisses him softly on the lips. His eyes scan hers, curiou see how she reacts to this...
91) 0) text: Jane's POV: We're across from Ricky's room, looking in. H stands at the window with his DIGICAM, videotaping us. On WIDE-SCREEN TV behind him, we see Jane standing in her wi as she looks across at him. She waves. Ricky just keeps videotaping. A beat, then she starts to take off her shir
92) 0) text: We're behind Ricky as he videotapes Jane in her window. S has now removed her shirt. She stands there in her bra, t reaches behind her back to unhook the bra. On VIDEO: We ZOOM toward her as she takes off her bra clumsily. She's obviously embarrassed, but she's gone thi far and there's no turning back. She stands there with he breasts exposed, trying to look defiant, but she's aching vulnerable... Suddenly, the door is thrown open and the Colonel enters, incensed. Startled, Ricky turns around. As soon as his ey meet his father's, he knows what's up.
94) 0) text: Jane's POV: In the WINDOW across from us, the Colonel proceeds to give Ricky a serious beating, punching his fa
95) 0) text: Ricky's lip is bleeding, but he maintains a steady gaze a his father during this violence.
95) 2) dialog: No, sir. I won't fight you. The Colonel grabs him by the collar.
95) 4) dialog: I picked the lock, sir.
95) 6) dialog: No, sir. I wanted to show my girlfriend your Nazi plate. A beat.
95) 8) dialog: Yes, sir. She lives next door. The Colonel glances toward the window. His POV: In the WINDOW across from us, Jane peeks out fro behind the drape. She quickly pulls it shut.
95) 9) dialog: Her name's Jane. A beat. The Colonel is suddenly, deeply shamed.
95) 14) dialog: Sir, I'm sorry.
95) 16) dialog: Yes, sir.
95) 18) dialog: (simultaneous) Discipline. Yes, sir, thank you for trying to teach me. Don't give up on me, Dad. The Colonel stands, still breathing heavily. Tenderness f his face, and he reaches out to touch Ricky's cheek.
101) 0) text: On VIDEO: Jane lays in Ricky's bed, wearing a tank top. S glances at us.
101) 5) dialog: Why?
101) 7) dialog: I can't believe you don't know how beautiful you are.
101) 10) dialog: Fine.
101) 12) dialog: I am naked.
101) 18) dialog: When I was fifteen, my dad caught me smoking dope. He totally freaked and decided to send me to military school. I told you his whole thing about structure and discipline, right? (laughs) Well, of course, I got kicked out. Dad and I had this huge fight, and he hit me... and then the next day at school, some kid made a crack about my haircut, and... I just snapped. I wanted to kill him. And I would have. Killed him. If they hadn't pulled me off. (then) That's when my dad put me in the hospital. Then they drugged me up and left me in there for two years.
101) 20) dialog: He's not a bad man. He grabs a half-smoked JOINT from an ashtray and lights i
101) 22) dialog: Why? He passes her the joint, then takes the Digicam and focus it on her. We see her image on the TV as he videotapes.
101) 24) dialog: You'd rather he had the crush on you?
101) 31) dialog: How? Jane looks into the camera, a loopy, stoned grin on her f
101) 34) dialog: Want me to kill him for you? Jane looks at him and sits up.
101) 36) dialog: (smiles) It'll cost you.
101) 39) dialog: You know, that's not a very nice thing to do, hiring somebody to kill your dad.
101) 45) dialog: Of course. He puts the Digicam down and joins Jane on the bed. A lon moment where neither of them speaks. He caresses her hair gazing into her eyes.
101) 46) dialog: Do you know how lucky we are to have found each other?
105) 0) text: We're outside Ricky's room, MOVING slowly toward the open door, through which we can see Ricky, standing at his bur mirror, combing his hair. The scars on his face are almos gone now. A REVERSE ANGLE reveals the Colonel standing outside the looking in, watching Ricky with great tenderness. Then Ri looks up at him, and the Colonel is suddenly self-conscio
105) 2) dialog: Oh, I don't need a ride. I'm going to go in with Jane and her mom.
106) 0) text: Ricky emerges from the house, followed by the Colonel, wh watches his son as he heads toward the Burnham house. His POV: Carolyn waves from the Mercedes, flashing an insincere smile. Jane leans forward from the passenger se and glares at us. As Ricky starts to get in the car, Lest emerges from the house in his sweatpants.
106) 2) dialog: Pretty decent, Mr. Burnham. Ricky pulls his door shut, but not before Lester mouths " me" and Ricky gives a slight nod in acknowledgment.
107) 0) text: The door swings open silently and the Colonel enters. He starts going through Ricky's bureau. He opens the DRAWER which we know Ricky keeps his marijuana, but he doesn't discover its false bottom. He stands and looks around, hi eyes finally landing on: The DIGICAM and a stack of CASSETTES on a shelf. The came is still connected to the TV. The Colonel turns on the TV, examines the Digicam and pre "play." The TV's blank screen suddenly gives way to... On VIDEO: Barbara Fitts sits at the kitchen table, starin off into space. The Colonel watches, at first baffled, then impatient. He takes the cassette out of the Digicam and inserts another the TV screen we see... On VIDEO: Through the Burnham's GARAGE WINDOW, we see Les step out of his pants and briefs. Then, naked except for black socks, he grabs the dumbbells and starts lifting th watching his reflection in the window as he does... The Colonel sinks slowly onto Ricky's bed, mesmerized.
114) 0) text: Ricky and the Colonel sit at the table, eating in silence Barbara rinses off a pan at the sink, then stares at it a she can't quite remember what she meant to do with it. We suddenly HEAR a BEEPING noise. Ricky pulls his BEEPER off belt and checks it.
114) 1) dialog: (getting up) I have to run next door. Jane left her geometry book in my bag and she needs it to do her homework. He heads into the hall. The Colonel watches him go, uneas
116) 0) text: The Colonel rinses off his plate at the sink. Something outside catches his eye, and he cranes his neck to get a better look at... His POV: Through the window over the sink, we can see int the Burnham's GARAGE WINDOW. Our view is blurred by the R but we see Lester, his upper body pumped and glistening i sweat as he counts out a wad of BILLS... and then Ricky w into view. The Colonel's face tightens. His POV: Lester drapes his arm around Ricky as he gives h the money. We can only see Lester from the waist up, so h looks naked.
117) 0) text: Ricky, his hair wet from the rain, puts the cash in his pocket. Lester's arm remains draped around his shoulder.
117) 1) dialog: (grins) You got any papers?
117) 3) dialog: You should learn to roll a joint. Lester sits in the bowl chair and leans back, his hands behind his head, watching Ricky roll the joint.
118) 0) text: The Colonel's POV: Lester leans back in his chair. We see only Ricky's back and shoulders as he rolls the joint. Af a beat, Lester's jaw drops, then he throws his head back. From our perspective, it looks very much like Ricky is gi Lester a blow job. The Colonel watches, incredulous. Then we HEAR a CAR APPROACHING, and the Colonel glances over at: His POV: Angela's BMW pulls into the driveway, stopping behind Lester's Firebird. As Angela and Jane get out and toward the house, our focus MOVES back to the GARAGE WIND Ricky stands, looking a little panicked. Lester pulls on T-shirt, and both he and Ricky cross out of view.
120) 0) text: Ricky enters, wet from the pouring rain, and crosses to h bureau, pulling the wad of CASH out of his pocket as he g
120) 2) dialog: From my job.
120) 4) dialog: (incredulous) You were watching me?
120) 6) dialog: (laughs) Dad, you don't really think... me and Mr. Burnham?
120) 13) dialog: Jesus, what is with you-- The Colonel BACKHANDS Ricky so hard it sends the boy sprawling.
120) 15) dialog: (taken aback) You mean that?
120) 17) dialog: You're right. I suck dick for money.
120) 19) dialog: Two thousand dollars. I'm that good.
120) 21) dialog: And you should see me fuck. I'm the best piece of ass in three states.
120) 23) dialog: What a sad old man you are.
121) 0) text: Ricky enters to discover Barbara standing in the middle o the room, clutching a dish, frightened. She's obviously h his argument with his father, and she looks into his eyes searching, aware that something eventful is taking place.
121) 1) dialog: Mom, I'm leaving. A beat.
121) 3) dialog: (hugs her) I wish things would have been better for you. Take care of Dad. He kisses her cheek softly, then exits out the back door, leaving her standing alone, still clutching her dish.
122) 0) text: The Colonel's POV: Below us, Ricky dashes through the rai the Burnham's front door and knocks. Lester opens it and him in.
123) 0) text: The Colonel looks coldly down at us from Ricky's bedroom window, and then he pulls the drapes shut.
126) 6) dialog: It's me. Jane jumps up and opens the door and lets him in.
126) 7) dialog: (to Jane) If I had to leave tonight, would you come with me?
126) 9) dialog: If I had to go to New York. To live. Tonight. Would you come with me?
126) 16) dialog: We won't have to. I have over forty thousand dollars. And I know people in the city who can help us get set up.
126) 18) dialog: Yes.
126) 22) dialog: She's not your friend. She's somebody you use to feel better about yourself.
126) 31) dialog: Yes, you are. And you're boring. And you're totally ordinary. And you know it. Angela stares at him, stunned, then starts toward the doo
140) 0) text: Ricky and Jane, fully clothed, lie curled up on Jane's be
140) 2) dialog: I don't get scared.
140) 4) dialog: Mine won't.
145) 0) text: Ricky comes down the stairs, followed by Jane.
146) 0) text: Ricky opens the door from the dining room, then stops. Ja appears behind him.
146) 2) dialog: (an awed whisper) Wow.
149) 0) text: Ricky and Jane lie curled up on Jane's bed, fully clothed HEAR a GUNSHOT from downstairs. They look at each other, alarmed.
160) 0) text: On VIDEO: We're watching the video Ricky showed Jane earl of the empty white PLASTIC BAG being blown about. The win carries it in a circle around us, sometimes whipping it a violently, or, without warning, sending it soaring skywar then letting it float gracefully down to the ground...