0) 0) text: A festival replete with food booths, games and rides-- al aggressively carrot-themed. Judy, in her Cop Costume, bou along with her folks. We catch their conversation mid-str
0) 2) dialog: Nope.
0) 7) dialog: I like trying, actually.
0) 14) dialog: Oh. Then I guess I'll have to be the first one. Because I am gonna make the world... (parkours against a vendor's stand) A better place!
0) 29) dialog: Hey! Judy charges toward the danger.
0) 31) dialog: You heard her. Cut it out. Gideon turns. There's Judy, projecting the image of a tin Clint Eastwood.
0) 33) dialog: Kindly return my friends' tickets. Gideon pats the tickets in his pocket.
0) 37) dialog: You don't scare me, Gideon. Gideon shoves Judy. Hard. She falls. The other prey anima flee to safety behind a nearby tree, leaving her to face thugs alone.
0) 46) dialog: Yeah... Yeah, I'm okay. Judy smiles and then whips out the tickets as she gets up
0) 47) dialog: Here you go.
0) 51) dialog: Well, he was right about one thing... Judy picks up the cop hat, puts it on her head.
0) 52) dialog: I don't know when to quit.
2) 9) dialog: I won't let you down. This has been my dream since I was a kid.
3) 0) text: Stu, Bonnie, and several SIBLINGS accompany Judy to the t station.
3) 5) dialog: Guys-- I've been working for this my whole life.
3) 7) dialog: The only thing we have to fear is fear itself.
3) 17) dialog: When I was 9. Gideon Grey was a jerk, who happened to be a fox. I know plenty of bunnies who are jerks.
3) 28) dialog: Okay, look-- I will take this to make you stop talking. Judy grabs the pink fox repellent from the bag as the tra pulls up.
3) 31) dialog: OK. Gotta go. Bye! Judy heads for the train, head held high. No turning back Stu and Bonnie watch, both holding back tears. Suddenly, emotion catches up with Judy. She turns, runs back to her parents, hugs them tight.
3) 32) dialog: I love you guys.
3) 37) dialog: Bye everybody!
3) 40) dialog: Bye! Judy looks back as their faces recede into the distance. train blasts past Bunnyburrow, passing its exponentially increasing population sign. Judy pulls out her iPhone and clicks play... her new life about to begin and we
28) 7) dialog: He's an otter actually.
48) 23) text: Timberwolves. Look at these dumdums. The Wolves suddenly capture the jaguar with a net. Judy GASPS, shocked. Nick is unfazed. NICK (CONT'D)
50) 1) text: It looks like this was a hospital. Judy shines her light down a corridor, at the end of whic a metal door with a blue light shining within. Nick nears door, about to open it... the tension builds and then...
51) 7) text: It's him. We found our otter. (to the otter, gently) Mr. Otterton, my name is Officer Judy Hopps. Your wife sent me to find you. We're gonna get you out of here now. Otterton screeches at her and lunges toward the glass.
51) 25) text: What? Can I swim? Yes, I can swim. Why? The Wolves storm in, searching for the intruders... and s the swirling water of a toilet disappearing down the drai Hopps and Nick fly through the water slide like tubes of sewer system, cascading over a waterfall. Both scream. Th land in the river below. Nick pop up first. He looks desperately for Judy. NICK (CONT'D)
51) 26) text: Carrots?! Hopps?! Judy?! She emerges, gasping for breath, holding up the bagged ph
54) 10) text: At twenty-two hundred hours, we found all these missing animals... Bellwether gestures to Judy to come up. BELLWETHER
54) 12) text: So now, I'll turn things over to the officer who cracked the case. Officer Judy Hopps. Hopps takes a deep breath and steps up to the dais. PRESS
55) 2) text: A caribou is in critical condition, the victim of a mauling by a savage polar bear. This-- the 27th such attack-- comes just one week after ZPD Officer Judy Hopps connected the violence to traditionally predatory animals. MALE MOOSE NEWS ANCHOR
58) 2) text: Our city is 90% prey, Judy. And right now they're just really scared. You're a hero to them. They trust you. And so that's why Chief Bogo and I want you to be the public face of the ZPD. Bogo sits next to Hopps. She looks at the pamphlet again. HOPPS
58) 8) text: Judy, you've worked so hard to get here. It's what you've wanted since you were a kid. You can't quit... HOPPS
59) 21) text: Hey Judy-- I'd like to say I'm sorry for the way I behaved in my youth. I had a lotta self-doubt that manifested itself in the form of unchecked rage and aggression. I was a major jerk. HOPPS
59) 28) text: Oh, Gid's talking about those flowers, Judy. I use `em to keep bugs off the produce. But I don't like the little ones going near `em on account of what happened to your Uncle Terry. BONNIE HOPPS
63) 12) text: I'm gonna name her Judy. HOPPS
68) 24) text: Oh, Nick! Yes! Judy SMACKS him on the arm. Hard. Nick grimaces. NICK
69) 2) text: Judy! Judy! Judy and Nick stop and turn. There's Bellwether, standing behind them with TWO RAM COPS. HOPPS
69) 4) text: (applauding) I am so proud of you, Judy. You did just a super job. HOPPS
69) 17) text: Come on out, Judy! HOPPS
69) 22) text: We're on the same team, Judy!