4) 0) text: A large hand taps Ginty on the shoulder, she looks up and smiles. TRAVERS GOFF (35) is handsome and rugged, a wild poetic look, like Ted Hughes or Dylan Thomas.
4) 3) dialog: No!
4) 5) dialog: No.
4) 7) dialog: Ginty!
4) 10) dialog: It's me! Travers puts his nose right up to hers, peering into her face.
4) 12) dialog: You can't lose me!
6) 0) text: BIDDY (3) and MARGARET - the girls mother, delicate, weak stand outside of their lavish red-bricked home. Suitcases bulge at their feet. Margaret breathes a sigh of relief a she sees Travers hurrying towards them, he swings Ginty f his shoulders and plops her on the ground.
6) 5) text: (to her staff) Thank you so much. For everything. GINTY (TO NANNY)
6) 8) text: Don't forget Andrew! Ginty takes Andrew's leash, her own case and somehow help her sister too. TRAVERS (CONT'D)
8) 0) text: It's hectic as tickets are purchased and a CLERK marks a chalkboard with destinations and mileage. Ginty stops, lo at the list. The last city is-- GINTY ALLORA-- 
17) 1) text: A palace! Complete with mighty steed. GINTY
17) 5) text: Yes. Travers takes Ginty and Biddy's hands and they run toward their new home. The chickens scatter. TRAVERS
29) 0) text: Travers sits, looking out at the dimming sky, playing a mournful air on his tin whistle, Ginty curled up in his l Andrew the dog asleep beside him. Margaret steps out onto veranda an almost imperceptible glance at the half-empty bottle at his feet. MARGARET
29) 3) text: Ginty. He kisses her cheek and gently lifts her from his lap. GINTY
29) 6) text: Good night dear. Margaret strokes her hand over Ginty's hair as the little girl slips into the house but hovers unseen by the door, watching her parents. Travers pats his knee and Margaret perches on it. TRAVERS
33) 1) text: A tiny park, about half a metre square - it has grass, ti trees made from flowers, a small hole filled with water f pond, park benches made with twigs and miniature wooden clothes-peg people. Ginty puts the finishing touches to t bandstand and sits back, staring in wonder. The moment is broken with the sound of hooves as her fath appears, atop his horse. TRAVERS
33) 3) text: That's it Albert. Give Ginty a smooch. There's a good boy, give her a little smooch. The velvety muzzle of the horse "smooches" Ginty's neck a ear as Travers climbs down from the nag. TRAVERS (CONT'D)
33) 4) text: Poor old Albert; he's your secret uncle you know? But a miserable, horrid witch turned him into a nag. GINTY
33) 6) text: Because she hated the sound of his laugh. GINTY
33) 8) text: We have to teach the witch how to be happy again. GINTY
33) 15) text: Do you want to know what it feels like to fly Ginty? She nods. He hauls himself onto Albert, leans down and sw Ginty up so she is facing him. TRAVERS (CONT'D)
33) 18) text: Yah! Ginty squeals with delight. 
36) 0) text: Travers and Ginty gallop at great speed. The horse kickin great clods of earth as they hurtle away into the distanc 
39) 0) text: Travers faces his reflection in the mirror as Ginty looks from the doorway. He picks up his razor and begins to scr away the stubble. GINTY
39) 2) text: For you my dear! (he flicks the blade in the air like a swordsman) Swish! Which kind of kisses do you prefer Gintamina? Swoosh! Scratchy ones or silky ones? GINTY (THINKS)
48) 0) text: Ginty - in a rather tattered school uniform - is diminuti in front of the huge double doors to the bank. An upright top hatted gentleman holds the door of the bank open chivalrously for her. 
49) 0) text: Ginty and the man enter the bank. GINTY
49) 2) text: Good afternoon Mr Belhatchett. Cashiers look up from their posts and nod courteously. Ginty and RANDOLPH BELHATCHETT are startled for a second loud crash. Their eyes flit to the glass door of Travers' office. The etching on the glass reads:
50) 5) text: Whack. Whoops! (through the door) Mr Belhatchett! Allow me to-- Travers pushes the door open to reveal Ginty at his side is felled. TRAVERS (CONT'D)
50) 6) text: Ginty! RANDOLPH
50) 8) text: Sweet thing! What are you doing here? Ginty looks up at Belhatchett and the manager. GINTY
50) 10) text: Ice cream day! Yes! I did! What kind of father am I? GINTY (SCARED)
50) 12) text: Ah, yes it does seem that-- RANDOLPH (TO GINTY)
50) 13) text: No. No sweetheart-- he isn't. TRAVERS (TO GINTY)
50) 15) text: If you can't straighten up for your own sake. Do it for your daughter. (muttering to himself) Irresponsible. Travers holds out his arms to Ginty and she runs into the TRAVERS
51) 0) text: Ginty and Travers sit by the river. Ginty eats an enormou ice cream and Travers sips continuously from his hip flas TRAVERS
51) 1) text: We share a Celtic soul, you and I. This world is just an illusion, Ginty old girl. As long as we hold that thought dear, they can't break us. Money, money, money. Don't you buy into it Ginty! It'll bite you on the bot! How did we end up here eh? Look at it. Barren. Breathless. Get as far away from this place as possible my love. Find yourself a patch of green. (HE SIGHS)
51) 2) text: It's a chimera you know? The world, the bank, you and I, Mr Randolph- whackety-whack-Belhatchett. All an illusion. He stares across the river, experiencing a wave of deep melancholy. Ginty looks up at him, aware of his profound unhappiness, but unable to understand its source.
58) 1) text: There there. Shush shush now-- Ginty and Biddy run in and out of the sheets, chasing a l hen that squawks and flaps its wings trying to escape the girls. MARGARET (CONT'D)
58) 3) text: Ahoy Goffs! The girls and Margaret look up, surprised to see Travers early. GINTY
58) 6) text: I couldn't stop thinking about my beautiful girls on this beautiful day in this beautiful place and I thought to hell with it! (to Ginty and Biddy) And what do we say about beauty ladies?
58) 8) text: Buts are for goats my love! He dips her and smooches her. GINTY &amp; BIDDY
58) 10) text: (whispering to Margaret) I'll put in extra hours tomorrow. (TO GINTY)
58) 11) text: What are we playing? GINTY
58) 13) text: That's no hen! That's Aunt Ellie, your mother's horrendiferous sister! GINTY (LAUGHING)
58) 15) text: Really?! GINTY
58) 17) text: Quick! Catch her before she flies away on the-- TRAVERS/GINTY
58) 21) text: Go Sergeant Ginty! Fell the beast! Ginty dives on the hapless bird, who pecks her soundly an scarpers. It's chaos. Travers, the girls, the dog and the evasive hen running into each other, falling over each ot cursing and laughing. GINTY
59) 0) text: Biddy and Moya sleep but Ginty is awake, the hen snuggled firmly under her arm. She can hear the tense voices of he parents. MARGARET
59) 5) text: Oh my dear-- Travers weeps and Ginty closes her eyes, buries her littl face in the hens feathers. GINTY (WHISPERING)
65) 0) text: Ginty sits on the front step of the porch, arms clasped around her body, face to the sky. The sounds of the evening closes in - crickets, the last deafening chorus of the birds. Travers walks up the path to their home, trailing his sui jacket over his shoulder, his shirt and tie loosened. His shirtsleeves are marked with sweat. His face is a study o something close to despair. He looks up to see Pamela sitting on the front step and immediately arranges his features into a bright smile of greeting. TRAVERS
65) 1) text: Ahh the Countess Mary Sparklestick! Pray tell me, what are you concentrating so hard on? GINTY
65) 3) text: Really!? Fabulous! GINTY
65) 6) text: Helen Goff, would you lay the table for supper please? GINTY
65) 14) text: Don't you ever stop dreaming Ginty my love. You can be anyone you want to be. Anyone. GINTY
65) 17) text: Don't leave yourself always searching for-- something-- He coughs to stop a crying jag and leaves her alone on th porch. Ginty is unnerved by her Travers' demeanor, she creeps ar to the side of the house where she watches her father app in the window of the washroom. She doesn't know what to d he leans his head against the wall and breaks down sobbin   OMITTED 
67) 0) text: Ginty stares out of the window, in a daydream, a paintbru in her hand, dripping colour down her arm. She is nudged to the present by her teacher, MRS CORRY. MRS CORRY
67) 1) text: Helen Goff? Wake up dear. You want your banner to be ready for the fair don't you? Ginty turns back to her painting - her banner reads: ALLORA FAIR
67) 2) text: Around the words Ginty is painting a gorgeous carousel wi stunning horses, one of which is white with roses on its bridal. 
68) 0) text: Margaret, Biddy and Ginty walk into the fairground. Tents erected, farmers show off their sheep, children clutch st of cotton candy and a carousel spins with one stunning wh horse amongst the drearier others, roses upon its bridal. BIDDY
70) 9) text: Oh, for Gods' sake, Meg, stop whinnying like an old nag will you? Margaret is aghast at being spoken to like that in public she keep her mouth shut. Ginty notices Travers eyes stray towards the refreshments tent. GINTY (PANICKED)
72) 0) text: Ginty stands with her family at the carousel, eyeing the refreshment tent. MARGARET (TO GINTY)
72) 2) text: Where's your father? Margaret sees the direction of Ginty's gaze. Her face fal but she takes Biddy by the hand and heads for the stage. MARGARET (CONT'D)
73) 0) text: Ginty appears in the tent's entrance. On first glance she sees only an unidentified group of local drinkers. Relief begins to dawn and she turns away. It is then that she hears Travers laugh, and turns back t see the group part, revealing Travers at its centre. TRAVERS
73) 1) text: Indeed, a published poet-- She takes a deep breath and moves forward, grabs Travers hand. GINTY
73) 4) text: Back in Ireland, I miss her green HILLS SO-- GINTY
73) 6) text: Not now Biddy! GINTY
73) 7) text: I'm Ginty. TRAVERS
73) 8) text: Ginty! Shoo! Devastated, Ginty doesn't know what to do, she pulls at h shirt sleeve again. GINTY
73) 11) text: Are you alright sweetheart? GINTY (TO WAITER)
74) 0) text: Travers steps heavily, one at a time, up the steps onto t dais, and finds his way to the speaker's podium. Margaret and Ginty watch, hearts in mouths, Biddy blissfully unawa TRAVERS
74) 4) text: I'm honoured to be here on behalf of the Belhatchett Bank of Australia. Shortly, it will be my very pleasant duty to present the awards to our young performers. But before I begin, I'd like to say a very few words to our very youngest citizens about the role of the - er, the Bank in our community. Ginty allows herself to breathe. So far, so good. MARGARET
74) 6) text: She can't say it. Ginty takes her mother's hand but Marga pushes the hand away. 
80) 0) text: There's a smattering of applause, Travers is encouraged, Margaret and Ginty look relieved, even hopeful. But then Travers momentarily looks lost, a slight breeze the speech notes from his hand and they float down in fro of the dais. TRAVERS
80) 1) text: Uhmm. Thank you kindly. Thanking you. Now-- what, what am I doing next? Oh! It's a marvellous idea to encourage children to open accounts. My daughter, the Princess Ginty-- she's-- uh. (looks at Ginty) How old are you? Come up here. Ginty - what? Me? Ginty glances to her mother and then, on trembling legs, makes her way forward and up the stairs onto the dais. Margaret watches, growing uneasy. TRAVERS (CONT'D)
80) 2) text: Ginty has a bank account-- and that's good. Give her a drink! The audience is shocked. TRAVERS (CONT'D) (MUMBLING)
80) 5) text: Give us your shoulder, Ginty, will you? I'm busting. There's a good girl. Father and daughter walk towards the edge of the stage, Travers leaning on Ginty's shoulder. The shameful glare o Allora burning into them.
82) 0) text: Travers is in bed, his leg elevated and set with plaster. is shaking badly with DT's, his mood is poisonous. Ginty sits on the edge of the bed as the DOCTOR packs up bag. TRAVERS
82) 2) text: (leaving the room) When will enough be enough Travers? GINTY
82) 4) text: Be a darling Ginty my old pal! Help father out won't you? Ginty is wary. TRAVERS (CONT'D)
82) 5) text: In my washroom-- there's a bottle of medicine that father needs-- GINTY
82) 6) text: Mother took it away. Travers slams his fist on the bed, scaring Ginty. TRAVERS
82) 7) text: Godammit! Nervous, hopeful, Ginty withdraws a folded sheet of paper from her pocket. GINTY
82) 8) text: I wrote a poem for you. It - it won first prize, at school. Travers takes the page, tries to hold it steady in his shaking hand. GINTY (CONT'D)
82) 9) text: Would you like me to read it to you? The agony as Ginty watches the shaking hand. Finally, the humiliation is too much for Travers. He scans the page rapidly and lowers his hand. TRAVERS
82) 10) text: It's hardly Yeats, is it? Ginty is devastated. But more than this there's a hardeni in her small face, a sense of disillusionment that so far she's held in check. Here are the first signs of the Pame to come. 
84) 0) text: Ginty rummages through kitchen cabinets, drawers, the tra but doesn't find what she's looking for. 
86) 0) text: Ginty fights the smell of the warm rubbish in the midday as she ransacks the outdoor trash cans, finally finding w it is she's looking for. 
88) 0) text: Ginty creeps into her father's room, he sleeps fitfully, presses the half-full bottle into his hand. Covering both hand and bottle with his bed covers before leaving the ro 
89) 25) text: Wouldn't that be nice? INT. GINTY BIDDY &amp; MOYA'S BEDROOM - NIGHT Ginty, Biddy and Moya sleep soundly, Ginty clutching the to her chest. The door creeps open and Margaret stands in the shadows looking at her children, tears stream down her face but s seems calm, something has crossed over in her eyes. There just nothing there-- MARGARET (WHISPERING)
89) 26) text: I know you gave it to him. (squeezing Ginty's hand) All the hope is in the bottom of that bottle, Helen. GINTY
89) 28) text: I want you to take care of the children. Ginty is groggy, she doesn't understand. MARGARET (CONT'D)
89) 29) text: Watch over them. Ginty sits up. MARGARET (CONT'D)
89) 30) text: I know you love your father more. But one day you'll understand. GINTY
89) 31) text: What? Margaret leaves the room and Ginty is straight out of bed following her. Behind, in the room, Moya has awoken and i crying. 
90) 0) text: Ginty runs out onto the porch where she sees her mother i her white nightdress striding purposefully through the ga like some ethereal ghost. GINTY
90) 4) text: INT. GINTY BIDDY &amp; MOYA'S BEDROOM - NIGHT Ginty wrenches the eiderdown off the bed and wraps Biddy it, she scoops Moya up from the crib. BIDDY
90) 5) text: Where's ma? GINTY
90) 6) text: Once upon a time there were three little girls alone in a house. They were frightened of the big wide world just outside the door. She takes them through the hallway, stopping momentarily outside the door to her fathers bedroom. It is slightly a and he looks incredibly frail and delirious. GINTY (CONT'D)
92) 0) text: Biddy and Moya are calming as Ginty places the girls in f of the fireplace. GINTY
92) 1) text: And who do you think those sparkling messengers sent? Who was it that came flying through the starry, starry sky to carry us up to see them? Ginty wraps Moya in a blanket and puts her in Biddy's arm BIDDY
93) 0) text: Ginty begins to untie Albert from the fence still speakin the girls through the window. GINTY
93) 1) text: Their old Uncle Albert of course! (beat, to Biddy) Stay right here, be good-- Ginty climbs atop the horse. BIDDY
93) 2) text: Are you going to the sky? GINTY
94) 0) text: Ginty rides fast, desperately searching the darkness for mother and turning back frequently to check that the lamp still burns on the porch. 
95) 0) text: Margaret is up to her neck in the freezing water of the creek. Shivering cold. She wills herself forward into the water. She wants to sink down and simply float away. From behind her comes the clip clopping of hooves. Margar turns her head and there, atop the horse, is Ginty. Margaret begins to weep. Ginty jumps down from the horse and rushes to her mother, wading into the water to grab hold of her. Ginty bobs up and down in front of her mother in the deep water. MARGARET
95) 1) text: Sometimes a person we love, through no fault of his own, can't see past the end of his nose. GINTY
99) 0) text: Ginty sits beside her father, he is restless and sweating his sleep as she wipes his face with a damp sponge. The sound of a buggy pulling up outside breaks the silenc
100) 0) text: A parrot headed umbrella hangs from the back of a chair. An enormous carpetbag - similar to the one Pamela carries plonked on the living room table and there beside it, upright, imposing and matronly is AUNT ELLIE herself. Hai scraped back, hands neatly perched inside her apron pocke a very different version but Mary Poppins all the same. Ginty looks on in awed silence as Ellie begins to remove endless supply of belongings from her bag. ELLIE
100) 8) text: (to Ginty and Biddy) (MORE) ELLIE (CONT'D)
107) 1) text: Well begun, is half done! His face softens as his hazy gaze falls upon Ginty, outsi the window, sweeping. Their eyes meet for a brief moment, unspoken understanding of what is to come, before his clo with tiredness.
111) 0) text: Ginty sits with her father, he's a shadow of his former s extremely ill. The shaking has stopped, his lips are parc and blueish. TRAVERS
111) 1) text: Look at you-- all ship shape. Travers reaches up a shaking hand and musses up Ginty's perfectly plaited hair. GINTY
111) 2) text: I re-wrote the poem father. Travers doesn't respond. Ginty reaches into her pocket, t out tuppence. GINTY (CONT'D)
111) 3) text: The aunt gave me tuppence. She shows it to him in her open palm. GINTY (CONT'D)
113) 0) text: Ginty skips off the porch, clutching her tuppence. Chatte to herself about pears. 
123) 0) text: Ginty skips up the path, clutching a brown paper bag. She ruffles Andrew's fur before entering the house.
124) 0) text: Ginty senses something wrong, she hears hushed, urgent an emotional voices in the hall. She pokes her head into the hallway. There, huddled together, whispering are her moth the doctor and Aunt Ellie. Ellie is holding a pile of blood stained sheets. Ginty stands frozen, trying to still the panicked beating her heart. Margaret spies Ginty and moves towards her as if in slo-m There are flecks of blood on her dress. She is ashen, shattered. She comes down to Ginty's level. MARGARET DADDY--
124) 1) text: Ginty cannot react. Margaret sweeps her into her arms and Ginty drops the bro paper bag; it tears and scatters pears all over the floor Ginty's eyes fix on Aunt Ellie's umbrella on the back of chair, drawn into its beady black eyes. GINTY
124) 3) text: No, you mustn't. GINTY
124) 5) text: Let her go Margaret. Margaret is forced to let go and Ginty runs for her fathe bedroom. 
125) 0) text: Ginty stands in the bedroom, a long way from the bed. She stands there, it seems, for an eternity. Then, finally, s by step she draws closer. The empty bottle on the floor. sheets twisted, still wet with sweat, flecked and spotted with blood. The front of her father's nightdress is also bloodstained. Ginty's eyes reach his face. Travers lies, open, mouth open, teeth slightly red-stained, neither peaceful nor distressed. Just-- nothing. GINTY
125) 1) text: I dropped the pears. She perches on the edge of the bed and takes his hand. GINTY (CONT'D)
125) 2) text: I'm sorry daddy. Ellie appears in the doorway, Ginty addresses her without turning around. GINTY (CONT'D)
143) 3) text: I don't like to see any living thing caged up. Uncle Albert with Ginty on his back, carrying her river soaked mother back to the house-- JANE
143) 4) text: Father in a cage? Ginty pressing the final bottle into her father's hand-- BERT
143) 12) text: No, no. It's just that-- I can't, I can't abide cartoons! We stay on her face as we bring up the final song of the film: Let's Go Fly A Kite. The audience around her are smiling, laughing, singing along. Pamela, the tears, sile now, still pouring down her cheeks as she slowly begins t mouth along with the lyrics. And in her head one final image appears. Travers gaze falls upon Ginty, outside his bedroom window sweeping. Their eyes meet for a brief moment, an unspoken understanding of what is to come, before his close with tiredness.
144) 0) text: The shadow of an umbrella leaves the ten-year-old Ginty sitting in the lush grass, arms wrapped tightly around he chest, face to the sky as a smile breaks free across her face.