6) 0) text: BIDDY (3) and MARGARET - the girls mother, delicate, weak stand outside of their lavish red-bricked home. Suitcases bulge at their feet. Margaret breathes a sigh of relief a she sees Travers hurrying towards them, he swings Ginty f his shoulders and plops her on the ground.
6) 1) dialog: The carriage?
6) 3) text: Yes. Yep! Margaret takes her youngest child MOYA (1) from the nanny TRAVERS
6) 4) text: Come along my team! We mustn't miss the train. MARGARET
6) 10) text: Left, right, left, right! Coming through! Margaret stays for a beat, longingly taking in and storin picture of the home she leaves behind. 
17) 0) text: --Arid heat, dazzling sunlight. Travers, Margaret and the children climb stand in a line at the top of a pathway. F their perspective all there is to see is a cloud of swirl red dust; it obscures and then gradually reveals her new home. The surrounding land yellow and burnt - unlike the greens of Maryborough. The house is ramshackle and meagre A swayback white nag wanders near a solitary tree and a f skinny chickens strut about the porch. TRAVERS
17) 2) text: And chickens. MARGARET OH--
17) 4) text: We'll build beautiful memories here my angel. Margaret offers him a trusting smile. MARGARET
17) 6) text: (in the distance) --in this house you get to share a bedroom! Margaret looks at the surrounding area, there's simply nothing but barren land and red dust for miles. 
29) 0) text: Travers sits, looking out at the dimming sky, playing a mournful air on his tin whistle, Ginty curled up in his l Andrew the dog asleep beside him. Margaret steps out onto veranda an almost imperceptible glance at the half-empty bottle at his feet. MARGARET
29) 1) text: It's rather late-- Travers continues to play. MARGARET (CONT'D)
29) 5) text: `night mother. MARGARET
29) 6) text: Good night dear. Margaret strokes her hand over Ginty's hair as the little girl slips into the house but hovers unseen by the door, watching her parents. Travers pats his knee and Margaret perches on it. TRAVERS
29) 9) text: I'll make you proud again. Margaret strokes Travers face and turns her face to the s MARGARET
58) 0) text: Margaret sweats as she hangs out laundry whilst desperate shushing her screaming infant. MARGARET
58) 1) text: There there. Shush shush now-- Ginty and Biddy run in and out of the sheets, chasing a l hen that squawks and flaps its wings trying to escape the girls. MARGARET (CONT'D)
58) 3) text: Ahoy Goffs! The girls and Margaret look up, surprised to see Travers early. GINTY
58) 4) text: Father! She runs at him and swings her high into the air with one arm, catching Biddy with the other. MARGARET
58) 10) text: (whispering to Margaret) I'll put in extra hours tomorrow. (TO GINTY)
58) 18) text: East Wind! Travers throws his jacket to the ground and begins to cha the hen, tearing through the clean sheets and treading th into the ground. MARGARET
58) 20) text: I'll wash them again my love! Margaret look at the dirty sheets and shrugs. The kids run after their father squealing and giggling as poor little hen runs for its life. Even the dog joins in, Margaret goes to retrieve the discarded jacket and sees a whisky bottle protruding from the inside pocket, she slip back inside - out of sight, out of mind. TRAVERS (CONT'D)
59) 0) text: Biddy and Moya sleep but Ginty is awake, the hen snuggled firmly under her arm. She can hear the tense voices of he parents. MARGARET
59) 2) text: --Meg sweet, I had a throat scratch- - MARGARET
59) 4) text: God no! No. I can endure. I will endure. For the girl's sake-- Just, please-- not Ellie. MARGARET
65) 5) text: Indeed! I can see the feathers sprouting as we speak! Margaret steps out onto the veranda, takes one look at he husband and knows he is drunk. MARGARET
65) 8) text: She can't possibly lay a table; she's busy laying eggs! MARGARET
65) 10) text: She's laying! MARGARET
68) 0) text: Margaret, Biddy and Ginty walk into the fairground. Tents erected, farmers show off their sheep, children clutch st of cotton candy and a carousel spins with one stunning wh horse amongst the drearier others, roses upon its bridal. BIDDY
68) 1) text: Mrs Brill said Father's presenting the medals. MARGARET
70) 5) text: Margaret nudges him as Randolph Belhatchett and his famil walk past. TRAVERS
70) 6) text: (clears his throat) Mr Belhatchett. Randolph looks at Travers, then at Travers shaking hands, family nod and move on. Margaret looks upset by this.
70) 9) text: Oh, for Gods' sake, Meg, stop whinnying like an old nag will you? Margaret is aghast at being spoken to like that in public she keep her mouth shut. Ginty notices Travers eyes stray towards the refreshments tent. GINTY (PANICKED)
72) 0) text: Ginty stands with her family at the carousel, eyeing the refreshment tent. MARGARET (TO GINTY)
72) 2) text: Where's your father? Margaret sees the direction of Ginty's gaze. Her face fal but she takes Biddy by the hand and heads for the stage. MARGARET (CONT'D)
74) 0) text: Travers steps heavily, one at a time, up the steps onto t dais, and finds his way to the speaker's podium. Margaret and Ginty watch, hearts in mouths, Biddy blissfully unawa TRAVERS
74) 4) text: I'm honoured to be here on behalf of the Belhatchett Bank of Australia. Shortly, it will be my very pleasant duty to present the awards to our young performers. But before I begin, I'd like to say a very few words to our very youngest citizens about the role of the - er, the Bank in our community. Ginty allows herself to breathe. So far, so good. MARGARET
80) 0) text: There's a smattering of applause, Travers is encouraged, Margaret and Ginty look relieved, even hopeful. But then Travers momentarily looks lost, a slight breeze the speech notes from his hand and they float down in fro of the dais. TRAVERS
80) 1) text: Uhmm. Thank you kindly. Thanking you. Now-- what, what am I doing next? Oh! It's a marvellous idea to encourage children to open accounts. My daughter, the Princess Ginty-- she's-- uh. (looks at Ginty) How old are you? Come up here. Ginty - what? Me? Ginty glances to her mother and then, on trembling legs, makes her way forward and up the stairs onto the dais. Margaret watches, growing uneasy. TRAVERS (CONT'D)
80) 4) text: I shall return in just a moment to present the awards. But right now I must-- relieve myself. Gasps from the audience. Margaret - dying. TRAVERS (CONT'D)
89) 25) text: Wouldn't that be nice? INT. GINTY BIDDY &amp; MOYA'S BEDROOM - NIGHT Ginty, Biddy and Moya sleep soundly, Ginty clutching the to her chest. The door creeps open and Margaret stands in the shadows looking at her children, tears stream down her face but s seems calm, something has crossed over in her eyes. There just nothing there-- MARGARET (WHISPERING)
89) 27) text: Mother? MARGARET
89) 28) text: I want you to take care of the children. Ginty is groggy, she doesn't understand. MARGARET (CONT'D)
89) 29) text: Watch over them. Ginty sits up. MARGARET (CONT'D)
89) 31) text: What? Margaret leaves the room and Ginty is straight out of bed following her. Behind, in the room, Moya has awoken and i crying. 
91) 0) text: The mud-stained hem of Margaret's nightdress sweeps along ground, as her feet move towards, and then into, the wate the creek. One step, two, three, the water coming up over ankles, soaking the nightgown.
95) 0) text: Margaret is up to her neck in the freezing water of the creek. Shivering cold. She wills herself forward into the water. She wants to sink down and simply float away. From behind her comes the clip clopping of hooves. Margar turns her head and there, atop the horse, is Ginty. Margaret begins to weep. Ginty jumps down from the horse and rushes to her mother, wading into the water to grab hold of her. Ginty bobs up and down in front of her mother in the deep water. MARGARET
100) 2) text: Close your mouth please Biddy, we are not a codfish. (to both girls) I spy a multitude of jobs to be done! MARGARET
124) 0) text: Ginty senses something wrong, she hears hushed, urgent an emotional voices in the hall. She pokes her head into the hallway. There, huddled together, whispering are her moth the doctor and Aunt Ellie. Ellie is holding a pile of blood stained sheets. Ginty stands frozen, trying to still the panicked beating her heart. Margaret spies Ginty and moves towards her as if in slo-m There are flecks of blood on her dress. She is ashen, shattered. She comes down to Ginty's level. MARGARET DADDY--
124) 1) text: Ginty cannot react. Margaret sweeps her into her arms and Ginty drops the bro paper bag; it tears and scatters pears all over the floor Ginty's eyes fix on Aunt Ellie's umbrella on the back of chair, drawn into its beady black eyes. GINTY
124) 2) text: I want to see my father. MARGARET
124) 5) text: Let her go Margaret. Margaret is forced to let go and Ginty runs for her fathe bedroom. 