1) 0) text: P.L. TRAVERS sits in her rocking chair (in the same posit as above) arms clasped tightly around her body, face to t sky. Older, beautiful; striking blue eyes aid her air of stiff and steely determination. Her office is a canvas of a life well travelled. Buddha smiles from every corner, framed poetry and letters adorn walls alongside pictures of Pamela throughout the years w men we will not come to know and everywhere, china hens s on shelves, their wings clasped to their chests, brooding Despite the multitude of objects, the room is peaceful, white. Downstairs the doorbell rings. Pamela closes her eyes, breathes. It rings again, Pamela shakes her head, tuts. She stands smooths down her skirt with flat palms. Breathes.
3) 52) dialog: Diarmuid gets up.
4) 0) text: A large hand taps Ginty on the shoulder, she looks up and smiles. TRAVERS GOFF (35) is handsome and rugged, a wild poetic look, like Ted Hughes or Dylan Thomas.
4) 1) dialog: Excuse me ma'am, have you seen my daughter? I was quite sure I had left her around here somewhere! Ginty giggles.
4) 2) dialog: Her name is Helen, no, Shirley, erm- - goodness! I've quite forgotten! Could it be Prunella?
4) 4) dialog: Pamela?
4) 6) dialog: You're right still doesn't sound quite-- I'm sure I have a special name for her--
4) 8) dialog: Why, thank you ma'am! Ginty it is of course!
4) 11) dialog: Gosh! So it is! Well, thank goodness for that! I was positive I was going to be beheaded for losing Her Highness The Royal Princess Ginty Mc Featherfluffy!
4) 13) dialog: Never. I promise. I will never lose you! He swings her up onto his shoulders and gallops off throu the park, neighing like a horse.
4) 14) dialog: Hurry now! We mustn't be late! The adventure is about to begin!
6) 0) text: BIDDY (3) and MARGARET - the girls mother, delicate, weak stand outside of their lavish red-bricked home. Suitcases bulge at their feet. Margaret breathes a sigh of relief a she sees Travers hurrying towards them, he swings Ginty f his shoulders and plops her on the ground.
6) 2) dialog: Who needs a carriage my love? A stroll is a gift! (beat, excited) Everybody ready? GINTY &amp; BIDDY
6) 3) text: Yes. Yep! Margaret takes her youngest child MOYA (1) from the nanny TRAVERS
6) 6) text: See you soon Katie Nanna! She picks up her own case; Katie Nanna turns away, heartbroken. TRAVERS
6) 7) text: Walking bus! The family get into line, one behind the other, Travers i the lead. TRAVERS (CONT'D)
6) 8) text: Don't forget Andrew! Ginty takes Andrew's leash, her own case and somehow help her sister too. TRAVERS (CONT'D)
6) 9) text: Ready? And off we go! Passersby tut and shake their heads at the noisy display Travers and the girls march down the street. TRAVERS (CONT'D)
11) 0) text: A bleary eyed Pamela carries her two bags into the arriva area. She's immediately hit by dazzling sunlight and a se signs bearing the names of various passengers and compani she scans Paramount, Warner Brothers, MGM, finally fallin upon her own name - P.L. Travers - underneath "Walt Disne Presents". PAMELA
11) 2) text: Travers? P.L. Travers? PAMELA
11) 4) text: Welcome, Mrs P.L. Travers! Welcome to the City of Angels. Pamela sneers. He grabs her bags. RALPH (CONT'D)
14) 2) text: You okay back there Mrs P.L. Travers? PAMELA
17) 0) text: --Arid heat, dazzling sunlight. Travers, Margaret and the children climb stand in a line at the top of a pathway. F their perspective all there is to see is a cloud of swirl red dust; it obscures and then gradually reveals her new home. The surrounding land yellow and burnt - unlike the greens of Maryborough. The house is ramshackle and meagre A swayback white nag wanders near a solitary tree and a f skinny chickens strut about the porch. TRAVERS
17) 3) text: Travers puts an arm around her shoulder. TRAVERS
17) 5) text: Yes. Travers takes Ginty and Biddy's hands and they run toward their new home. The chickens scatter. TRAVERS
24) 2) text: It is so discomfiting to hear a perfect stranger use my first name. Mrs Travers. Please. The Sherman's look at each other. Uh oh. DON
24) 3) text: I do apologize, Mrs Travers. (BEAT)
24) 9) text: Boys, this is the one and only Mrs P.L. Travers, creator of our beloved Mary. PAMELA
24) 17) text: Uh-- erm. Ha! We had planned a little tour of the studio for you MRS TRAVERS-- PAMELA
26) 4) text: A word of advice Mrs Travers, if I may. PAMELA
27) 1) text: Tommie, say hi to the one and only P L Travers! TOMMIE
28) 2) text: Ya know, I can't believe it. P.L. Travers, right here, in my office, after all these years-- almost twenty of `em. (shakes his head) Twenty. Long. Years. Pamela narrows her eyes. WALT (CONT'D)
28) 23) text: My name, if you please, is MRS Travers. WALT
29) 0) text: Travers sits, looking out at the dimming sky, playing a mournful air on his tin whistle, Ginty curled up in his l Andrew the dog asleep beside him. Margaret steps out onto veranda an almost imperceptible glance at the half-empty bottle at his feet. MARGARET
29) 1) text: It's rather late-- Travers continues to play. MARGARET (CONT'D)
29) 2) text: Biddy and Moya are already asleep. Travers takes the pipe from his lips and sighs. TRAVERS
29) 6) text: Good night dear. Margaret strokes her hand over Ginty's hair as the little girl slips into the house but hovers unseen by the door, watching her parents. Travers pats his knee and Margaret perches on it. TRAVERS
29) 9) text: I'll make you proud again. Margaret strokes Travers face and turns her face to the s MARGARET
30) 17) text: No, No, Mrs Travers please go ahead. PAMELA
30) 45) text: --extemporized and thought up before your very eyes! Alright, here we go-- Dick begins to play and sing, he pounds the keys with gus smiling away, acting it out with all his heart and soul, almost unable to contain himself with glee. Bob occasiona joins in for a word or two but is much more serious, eyei Travers for her every reaction. DICK (SINGING)
33) 1) text: A tiny park, about half a metre square - it has grass, ti trees made from flowers, a small hole filled with water f pond, park benches made with twigs and miniature wooden clothes-peg people. Ginty puts the finishing touches to t bandstand and sits back, staring in wonder. The moment is broken with the sound of hooves as her fath appears, atop his horse. TRAVERS
33) 2) text: Ahhh, there's my girl. The horse moves up to her. TRAVERS (CONT'D)
33) 3) text: That's it Albert. Give Ginty a smooch. There's a good boy, give her a little smooch. The velvety muzzle of the horse "smooches" Ginty's neck a ear as Travers climbs down from the nag. TRAVERS (CONT'D)
33) 5) text: Why did she do that?! TRAVERS
33) 7) text: Poor Uncle Albert! How can we fix him? TRAVERS
33) 9) text: How? TRAVERS
33) 14) text: Of the matching of ribbons for bosom and head. Travers sighs, let's the words ring in his ears, touches end of daughter's nose. TRAVERS (CONT'D)
33) 15) text: Do you want to know what it feels like to fly Ginty? She nods. He hauls himself onto Albert, leans down and sw Ginty up so she is facing him. TRAVERS (CONT'D)
33) 16) text: You trust me? She nods and wraps her arms around him looking backwards his shoulder. He grips her firmly around the waist and she spreads her arms. TRAVERS (CONT'D)
33) 17) text: Gee up, Albert. Yah! Travers kicks the horse into a trot, then into a canter, points a finger in the air as if shooting for the stars. TRAVERS (CONT'D)
36) 0) text: Travers and Ginty gallop at great speed. The horse kickin great clods of earth as they hurtle away into the distanc 
37) 39) text: (clearing her throat) Mrs Travers, it was a specific request, from Walt. Pamela doesn't acknowledge that Dolly has spoken; Dolly flushes. PAMELA
39) 0) text: Travers faces his reflection in the mirror as Ginty looks from the doorway. He picks up his razor and begins to scr away the stubble. GINTY
39) 1) text: Why do you do that? TRAVERS
47) 3) text: Sure thing. Pamela looks around at the other women in the bar, all glamorous, coiffured, very different to the practical Mrs Travers. The tea pot arrives. PAMELA
49) 2) text: Good afternoon Mr Belhatchett. Cashiers look up from their posts and nod courteously. Ginty and RANDOLPH BELHATCHETT are startled for a second loud crash. Their eyes flit to the glass door of Travers' office. The etching on the glass reads:
50) 0) text: Travers has just dropped (purposefully) a tray of coins o the floor. He has a wild edge to him, he may well have be drinking. TRAVERS (TO CLERK)
50) 1) text: Belhatchett. Bell. Hatchett. Ha! It's a ridiculous moniker! CLERK SIR-- TRAVERS
50) 2) text: And Mr Belhatchett has complained that I opened his stupid bank five minutes late has he? Hahaaa! (in a comedy voice) Time's Money, Goff, y'know! Time's money my man! The clerk laughs nervously. TRAVERS (CONT'D)
50) 3) text: Bell Hatchett! Beautiful hatchet. That's what it means. And I suppose if the poor dumb lambs on his downs, are five minutes late with their calving, or they don't drop dead on schedule when he wants a roast, he takes to them with the business end of his beautiful hatchet. Travers wields a glinting letter opener in the air, stabb piles of papers, filing cabinets, desks. TRAVERS (CONT'D)
50) 4) text: There, whack! That'll teach you for not dropping your bairns on schedule. Whack! Whack! Whack! Travers looks at the figure standing outside his door and eyes widen. TRAVERS (CONT'D)
50) 5) text: Whack. Whoops! (through the door) Mr Belhatchett! Allow me to-- Travers pushes the door open to reveal Ginty at his side is felled. TRAVERS (CONT'D)
50) 7) text: I want you gone. All eyes fall upon the little girl whom everyone seems to have forgotten. Travers is overcome with embarrassment an guilt. TRAVERS
50) 9) text: You said today was-- TRAVERS
50) 11) text: Are you fired again? TRAVERS
50) 13) text: No. No sweetheart-- he isn't. TRAVERS (TO GINTY)
50) 14) text: Just wait in my office for a second darling. Randolph walks away, stopping to whisper in Travers ear. RANDOLPH
50) 15) text: If you can't straighten up for your own sake. Do it for your daughter. (muttering to himself) Irresponsible. Travers holds out his arms to Ginty and she runs into the TRAVERS
51) 0) text: Ginty and Travers sit by the river. Ginty eats an enormou ice cream and Travers sips continuously from his hip flas TRAVERS
54) 0) text: The room is decidedly more lively, with sketches of the c and models of the sets all about the place. And of course the requisite abundance of brightly coloured food now accompanied by some healthier options - vegetables and a fluorescent looking soup. Bob and Dick are at the piano. Don sits in the corner, sketching energetically on his notepad what seems to be a cartoon sketch of Pamela Travers. DICK
56) 25) text: MRS Travers! My point is that, unlike yourself, Mary Poppins is the very enemy of sentiment and whimsy. She is truthful, she doesn't sugar coat the darkness in the world that these children will eventually come to know. She prepares them for it, she deals in honesty. One must clean one's room; it won't magically do it itself! She waves the script in the air. PAMELA (CONT'D)
58) 2) text: (to the girls) If you could just-- TRAVERS (CALLING)
58) 3) text: Ahoy Goffs! The girls and Margaret look up, surprised to see Travers early. GINTY
58) 5) text: What a lovely surprise! Did you finish early? TRAVERS
58) 9) text: Urgh! TRAVERS
58) 12) text: The hen got out and we've been trying to catch her! Travers spies the clucking demon. TRAVERS
58) 17) text: Quick! Catch her before she flies away on the-- TRAVERS/GINTY
58) 18) text: East Wind! Travers throws his jacket to the ground and begins to cha the hen, tearing through the clean sheets and treading th into the ground. MARGARET
58) 19) text: Oh! TRAVERS
58) 20) text: I'll wash them again my love! Margaret look at the dirty sheets and shrugs. The kids run after their father squealing and giggling as poor little hen runs for its life. Even the dog joins in, Margaret goes to retrieve the discarded jacket and sees a whisky bottle protruding from the inside pocket, she slip back inside - out of sight, out of mind. TRAVERS (CONT'D)
58) 21) text: Go Sergeant Ginty! Fell the beast! Ginty dives on the hapless bird, who pecks her soundly an scarpers. It's chaos. Travers, the girls, the dog and the evasive hen running into each other, falling over each ot cursing and laughing. GINTY
58) 22) text: Aunt Ellie! TRAVERS
59) 1) text: --darling, it's just that um-- a LITTLE CONCERNED-- TRAVERS
59) 3) text: --the bank is getting you down again? Perhaps my sister-- TRAVERS
59) 5) text: Oh my dear-- Travers weeps and Ginty closes her eyes, buries her littl face in the hens feathers. GINTY (WHISPERING)
65) 0) text: Ginty sits on the front step of the porch, arms clasped around her body, face to the sky. The sounds of the evening closes in - crickets, the last deafening chorus of the birds. Travers walks up the path to their home, trailing his sui jacket over his shoulder, his shirt and tie loosened. His shirtsleeves are marked with sweat. His face is a study o something close to despair. He looks up to see Pamela sitting on the front step and immediately arranges his features into a bright smile of greeting. TRAVERS
65) 2) text: I am laying eggs! TRAVERS
65) 4) text: Today I am a hen. TRAVERS
65) 7) text: I'm not Helen! TRAVERS (OVER)
65) 9) text: I need-- (help.) TRAVERS
65) 12) text: I'm sorry! She goes back indoors and slams the door behind her. Gint gets up to go indoors and Travers catches her by the arm. He swallows hard, eyes welling. TRAVERS
65) 15) text: I want to be like you. TRAVERS
65) 17) text: Don't leave yourself always searching for-- something-- He coughs to stop a crying jag and leaves her alone on th porch. Ginty is unnerved by her Travers' demeanor, she creeps ar to the side of the house where she watches her father app in the window of the washroom. She doesn't know what to d he leans his head against the wall and breaks down sobbin   OMITTED 
69) 1) text: Mrs Travers? Again, she doesn't hear. DON (CONT'D)
69) 2) text: Mrs Travers? Pamela looks at Don. DON (CONT'D)
70) 5) text: Margaret nudges him as Randolph Belhatchett and his famil walk past. TRAVERS
70) 6) text: (clears his throat) Mr Belhatchett. Randolph looks at Travers, then at Travers shaking hands, family nod and move on. Margaret looks upset by this.
70) 8) text: Travers, Biddy's stomach-- TRAVERS
70) 9) text: Oh, for Gods' sake, Meg, stop whinnying like an old nag will you? Margaret is aghast at being spoken to like that in public she keep her mouth shut. Ginty notices Travers eyes stray towards the refreshments tent. GINTY (PANICKED)
70) 10) text: Father-- will you ride the carousel with me!? But the refreshment tent has Travers in its grip. TRAVERS
73) 0) text: Ginty appears in the tent's entrance. On first glance she sees only an unidentified group of local drinkers. Relief begins to dawn and she turns away. It is then that she hears Travers laugh, and turns back t see the group part, revealing Travers at its centre. TRAVERS
73) 1) text: Indeed, a published poet-- She takes a deep breath and moves forward, grabs Travers hand. GINTY
73) 2) text: Father, come and look. Biddy's dancing. TRAVERS
73) 5) text: But she's-- she really wants you to watch, Dad. You'll miss it. TRAVERS
73) 7) text: I'm Ginty. TRAVERS
74) 0) text: Travers steps heavily, one at a time, up the steps onto t dais, and finds his way to the speaker's podium. Margaret and Ginty watch, hearts in mouths, Biddy blissfully unawa TRAVERS
74) 1) text: Good afternoon, distinguished guests, our biggest supporter Mr Randolph Belhatchett and his lovely wife, ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls! Randolph looks at Travers with displeasure and then at on the bank staff. RANDOLPH
74) 3) text: He's the manager. TRAVERS
76) 0) text: Travers is now in lip synch with Dick Sherman.
78) 0) text: As before. TRAVERS
80) 0) text: There's a smattering of applause, Travers is encouraged, Margaret and Ginty look relieved, even hopeful. But then Travers momentarily looks lost, a slight breeze the speech notes from his hand and they float down in fro of the dais. TRAVERS
80) 1) text: Uhmm. Thank you kindly. Thanking you. Now-- what, what am I doing next? Oh! It's a marvellous idea to encourage children to open accounts. My daughter, the Princess Ginty-- she's-- uh. (looks at Ginty) How old are you? Come up here. Ginty - what? Me? Ginty glances to her mother and then, on trembling legs, makes her way forward and up the stairs onto the dais. Margaret watches, growing uneasy. TRAVERS (CONT'D)
80) 2) text: Ginty has a bank account-- and that's good. Give her a drink! The audience is shocked. TRAVERS (CONT'D) (MUMBLING)
80) 3) text: I mean give her a hand. Everyone is beginning to look uncomfortable. TRAVERS (CONT'D)
80) 4) text: I shall return in just a moment to present the awards. But right now I must-- relieve myself. Gasps from the audience. Margaret - dying. TRAVERS (CONT'D)
80) 5) text: Give us your shoulder, Ginty, will you? I'm busting. There's a good girl. Father and daughter walk towards the edge of the stage, Travers leaning on Ginty's shoulder. The shameful glare o Allora burning into them.
82) 0) text: Travers is in bed, his leg elevated and set with plaster. is shaking badly with DT's, his mood is poisonous. Ginty sits on the edge of the bed as the DOCTOR packs up bag. TRAVERS
82) 1) text: I don't suppose there's any more you can give me for the pain? The doctor shakes his head at Travers wanton greed for mo DOCTOR
82) 2) text: (leaving the room) When will enough be enough Travers? GINTY
82) 3) text: I've brought you something father. TRAVERS
82) 4) text: Be a darling Ginty my old pal! Help father out won't you? Ginty is wary. TRAVERS (CONT'D)
82) 6) text: Mother took it away. Travers slams his fist on the bed, scaring Ginty. TRAVERS
82) 8) text: I wrote a poem for you. It - it won first prize, at school. Travers takes the page, tries to hold it steady in his shaking hand. GINTY (CONT'D)
82) 9) text: Would you like me to read it to you? The agony as Ginty watches the shaking hand. Finally, the humiliation is too much for Travers. He scans the page rapidly and lowers his hand. TRAVERS
83) 1) text: Mrs Travers! He stops, recognizing she doesn't need to be followed.
96) 1) text: Mrs Travers! Hello! 
97) 7) text: Pam, are you always so battle ready? P.L. Travers in her breast plate and chain mail, sword up in the air and off with your head! PAMELA
97) 24) text: I'm not a violent man Tommie but if Mrs P.L. Travers were to get hit by a large truck I-- (he doesn't allow himself TO FINISH) 
105) 11) text: It's just that easy isn't it Mrs Travers? He sees right through her. WALT (CONT'D)
106) 1) text: Mrs Travers, I would be honoured if you would ride Jingles. She's Mrs Disney's favourite horse. He escorts Pamela to a beautiful white horse, roses on it bridal. PAMELA
107) 0) text: Travers has a violent coughing fit, he looks to his hand, disturbed to see blood there. He grimaces at Ellie who ha her back to him as she folds clothes, a look of deep satisfaction on her face. ELLIE
108) 1) text: Good morning Mrs Travers! She looks at the new arrangement of the room. PAMELA
108) 3) text: Now, Mrs Travers you sit here. He ushers her to a chair facing the centre of the room. H hands pages to Bob and pages to Dolly. Don and Dolly drop their knees so that they are half the height of Bob. Pamela raises an eyebrow. DON (CONT'D)
108) 4) text: We thought about what you said Mrs Travers and Mr Banks isn't cruel. He isn't. We've got a new ending for the film. Oh god, I hope you like it. Bob pulls a kite out from behind his back. DON (CONT'D) (AS MICHAEL)
109) 2) text: I'm sorry to interrupt. It's just she-- she's dancing! Mrs Travers. She's dancing with Don! He cracks a great big smile.
111) 0) text: Ginty sits with her father, he's a shadow of his former s extremely ill. The shaking has stopped, his lips are parc and blueish. TRAVERS
111) 1) text: Look at you-- all ship shape. Travers reaches up a shaking hand and musses up Ginty's perfectly plaited hair. GINTY
111) 2) text: I re-wrote the poem father. Travers doesn't respond. Ginty reaches into her pocket, t out tuppence. GINTY (CONT'D)
111) 4) text: Shall I buy you something father? TRAVERS (BARELY AUDIBLE) PEARS-- 
117) 1) text: Good afternoon Mrs Travers! PAMELA
117) 5) text: Mrs Travers, please! Pamela blows past Tommie's desk. PAMELA
118) 6) text: Mrs Travers, what in the world has upset you so? PAMELA
118) 17) text: Pam! Pamela! Mrs Travers! Wait! 
120) 1) text: Please Mrs Travers-- You must listen. PAMELA
120) 5) text: The promise breakers? Mrs Travers I- -
120) 7) text: Mrs Travers? Ralph pulls up and gets out of the car. RALPH
121) 5) text: I was telling my daughter all about my day and how I was driving this nice writer lady, Mrs Travers for Mr Disney and-- PAMELA AND-- RALPH AND--
122) 7) text: Then who's Travers? Tommie and Dolly look at each other and shrug. WALT (CONT'D)
124) 4) text: I want to see him! Suddenly she turns into a wildcat - lashing, thrashing, biting, screaming. Nothing will stop her seeing Travers. AUNT ELLIE
125) 0) text: Ginty stands in the bedroom, a long way from the bed. She stands there, it seems, for an eternity. Then, finally, s by step she draws closer. The empty bottle on the floor. sheets twisted, still wet with sweat, flecked and spotted with blood. The front of her father's nightdress is also bloodstained. Ginty's eyes reach his face. Travers lies, open, mouth open, teeth slightly red-stained, neither peaceful nor distressed. Just-- nothing. GINTY
129) 13) text: No, you expected me to disappoint you and so you made sure I did. You see, I think life disappoints you, Mrs Travers. I think it's done that a lot. Maybe Mary Poppins is the only person in your life who hasn't. PAMELA
129) 17) text: Mrs Travers, I am so sorry. I hoped this would be a magical experience for you, for all of us. But I let you down-- and in doing so, I've broken a twenty year old promise to my girls. (BEAT)
129) 22) text: Ever been to Kansas City, Mrs Travers? Do you know Missouri at all? PAMELA
129) 27) text: Honestly, Mrs Travers, the snow would be up to here-- He gestures to his knees. WALT (CONT'D)
129) 31) text: Now, I don't tell you all this to make you sad Mrs Travers, I don't. I love my life - it's a miracle. And I loved my daddy, boy I loved him. But, there isn't a day goes by where I don't think of that little boy in the snow and old Elias with his fist and strap and I'm just so tired-- I'm tired of remembering it that way. Aren't you tired Mrs Travers? We all have our tales but don't you want to find a way to finish the story? Let it all go and have a life that isn't dictated by a past? (BEAT)
129) 34) text: Travers Goff. PAMELA
129) 37) text: Mrs. Travers. It's all about him isn't it? All of this. Everything. Pamela looks at her hands, they're shaking. WALT (CONT'D)
129) 41) text: Give her to me, Mrs Travers. Trust me with your precious Mary Poppins. I won't disappoint you. I swear that every time a person goes into a movie house - from Leicester to St Louis, they will see George Banks being saved. They will love him and his kids, they will weep for his cares, and wring their hands when he loses his job. And when he flies that kite, oh! They will rejoice, they will sing. In every movie house, all over the world, in the eyes and the hearts of my kids, and other kids and their mothers and fathers for generations to come, George Banks will be honoured. George Banks will be redeemed. George Banks and all he stands for will be saved. Maybe not in life, but in imagination. Because that's what we storytellers do. We restore order with imagination. We instill hope again and again and again. Trust me, Mrs Travers. Let me prove it to you. I give you my word. 
133) 1) text: I am so pleased to hear that Mrs Travers. PAMELA
136) 1) text: Mrs Travers! How wonderful to see you. What brings you to-- PAMELA
143) 5) text: They makes cages in all sizes and shapes, you know. The image of the dead Travers in his bloodstained bed-- BERT (CONT'D)
143) 11) text: It's all right, Mrs Travers. It's alright. Mr Banks is going to be all right. I promise. Pamela nods in gratitude, but cannot contain her sobs. It all pouring from her now, in one immense catharsis. PAMELA
143) 12) text: No, no. It's just that-- I can't, I can't abide cartoons! We stay on her face as we bring up the final song of the film: Let's Go Fly A Kite. The audience around her are smiling, laughing, singing along. Pamela, the tears, sile now, still pouring down her cheeks as she slowly begins t mouth along with the lyrics. And in her head one final image appears. Travers gaze falls upon Ginty, outside his bedroom window sweeping. Their eyes meet for a brief moment, an unspoken understanding of what is to come, before his close with tiredness.
144) 2) text: Winds in the East Mist coming in-- The shadow of an umbrella, floats higher and higher-- TRAVERS
144) 3) text: --Like something is brewing, about to begin-- And further and further-- TRAVERS (CONT'D)
144) 5) text: We give chase but cannot catch up-- TRAVERS (CONT'D)