4) 2) dialog: Is it here? Ray stops what she's doing when she sees him and kneels down.
4) 4) dialog: Is it here yet? `Cause I'm ready. He drags a suitcase full of plastic dinosaurs around the corner. The RUMBLE OUTSIDE GROWS LOUDER. Ricky BOLTS out of the bedroom and down the hall to the trailer door.
5) 0) text: A PICK-UP TRUCK DRAPED WITH A "WIDE LOAD" banner leads TWO SEMIS hauling halves of a DOUBLE WIDE MOBILE HOME wrapped in plastic, rippling in the wind. Ricky stops at the massive sight, twisting at his fly, trying not to pee himself. T.J. comes out of the shed. The Doubles come to a stop and idle in the yard. GUY VERSAILLES, pot-bellied, in a green velour running suit, squeezes out of his truck. On the door: "MASSENA
5) 16) text: I'll call you... Her voice is DROWNED OUT by REVVING engines. Ricky rushes to her. RICKY
5) 18) text: Listen to me. We'll get them back. RICKY
5) 20) text: Ricky, I'll get them back. I promise, honey. RICKY
5) 21) text: That's our house! He BREAKS AWAY from her and RUNS down the road chasing after the semis. Ray chases after Ricky until he runs out of steam and stops, panting. She catches up to him and tries to hug him. He pushes her away. She gets down on her knees and takes his face in her hands. RAY
5) 22) text: We're gonna get it back. She picks him up and walks back to the trailer. Ricky looks out mournfully at the trailers disappearing down the road. RAY (CONT'D)
5) 23) text: (to T.J.) You better hurry or you're going to miss the bus. Let's get your clothes on, Ricky.
6) 0) text: Ray helps Ricky into his clothes and puts his backpack on his back.
6) 1) dialog: Where's daddy? Ray and T.J. look at each other.
6) 7) text: The only thing that changed is that your dad started gambling again. Everything else is the same. RICKY
6) 12) text: Go on! RICKY
6) 14) text: I don't know, Ricky. T.J.
6) 18) text: I told you, he could be in Atlantic City by now. She helps Ricky get his backpack on and gives him a kiss. T.J.
36) 0) text: Ray wakes up with Ricky staring at her.
36) 1) dialog: Mommy, I was thinking. What's gonna happen to the tin crapper when we get our new house?
36) 4) dialog: Then what?
36) 6) dialog: Then what?
36) 8) dialog: And you can buy me some?
36) 10) dialog: Yes!
37) 19) text: I still say we should go back to the rez, get the Horizon and kick some serious butt. T.J. goes out the door behind Ricky and slams it in Ray's face. Ray slips into her jeans and goes to the bathroom mirror to put on her mascara. She cakes it on trying to ignore the cut over her eye but keeps looking at it. Finally she stops and stares at herself.
45) 0) text: Ricky watches cartoons on the big screen TV. T.J. flips through the telephone book to the back section: AKWESASNE and scans columns of names mostly either "BONAPARTE" "LITTLEWOLF" or "THREERIVERS". He chooses a name and dials the number.
53) 0) text: Ricky is glued to a cartoon. T.J. watches him, checking out the window every few seconds for Ray. A long moment passes with only the sounds from the cartoon.
54) 2) dialog: Mommy!
54) 6) dialog: 
56) 0) text: Ray tucks Ricky into the bottom bunk. The wind whines in the loose siding. Ray stuffs a blanket around the window to block the draft.
57) 12) text: The double wide. But don't mention it to Ricky, just in case. T.J.
68) 0) text: T.J. dumps the contents of a box containing the pieces of an artificial Christmas tree. Branches cover the floor. The boys begin putting it together like a puzzle. The TV is on. A commercial for the HOT WHEELS TECH TRACK AIR STUNT CHALLENGE SET comes on. Ricky trains in on it, flinching and jerking his body with sound effects at the sight of the flying Hot Wheels cars and the booming voice of the announcer.
68) 1) dialog: Daddy is gettin' me that for Christmas.
68) 3) dialog: He's bringing the new house.
73) 10) text: -Hi, I'm gonna be a little late.(pause) -I have to work. Is Ricky asleep? -Put him on. (pause) -Ricky listen to me, he's not coming until you go to sleep. (pause) (MORE)
74) 0) text: In the living room, the artificial Christmas tree is up. The TV is on and Ricky is untangling a ball of red Christmas lights.
74) 6) text: Ricky, time to eat. T.J. turns around. Ricky has wrapped himself in Christmas lights from head to toe, by slowly revolving while holding the strings.
74) 7) dialog: Hey T.J., watch this! He plugs in the lights and they turn on.
80) 0) text: The trailer is aglow in Christmas lights. Ricky has fallen asleep on the couch. A car horn blows outside. T.J. runs outside.
82) 0) text: T.J. comes back in. Smoke filters up though the cracks in the linoleum floor. He covers Ricky with extra blankets and opens the windows.
85) 2) text: Hi, it's me. I can't take the call right now, but if it's you, Troy, please at least tell me you're alive, because the boys are worried about you. He doesn't leave a message. Ricky snores on the couch covered in a pile of blankets.
95) 0) text: T.J. looks at the clock. It's after midnight. He leads Ricky, half asleep into his room and tucks him in bed. Then he takes out the Hot Wheels Box and puts it under the tree.
103) 0) text: Christmas Morning. Ray stands at the stove in her bathrobe making pancakes. T.J. helps Ricky set up his new Hot Wheels Set. A Knock at the door. Another knock.
103) 1) dialog: Daddy? Ricky runs to the door and opens it, then backs away. Trooper Napoli is there.
105) 0) text: T.J. listens at the door. Ricky looks up.
105) 1) dialog: Why is the police man here?
141) 0) text: T.J. and Ricky eat supper to the glow of the TV in the background.
141) 1) dialog: Can I have more corn? T.J. dumps his own corn onto Ricky's plate.