30) 0) text: Just beyond the Reservation line, partly hidden behind a barn, a NEW YORK STATE TROOPER VEHICLE sits parked.
47) 0) text: Sitting in his New York State Trooper Vehicle, partly hidden behind a billboard, TROOPER MIKE NAPOLI, mid 40s, olive-skinned, watches the Acclaim drive by without expression.
63) 7) text: You got a problem with your machine, lady! Ray moves the merchandise aside for the next customer. It is Trooper Napoli. Ray is startled to see him. He puts down some shaving cream and a diet Pepsi.
63) 10) dialog: I got exact. He counts it out. She hands him his bag and watches him walk out.
79) 0) text: Partly hidden, behind a barn, Trooper Mike Napoli watches the cars pass on Route 37, leaving the Reservation. The Acclaim passes.
89) 0) text: Ray pulls out onto Route 37 and passes the reservation line: "You are now leaving the land of the Mohawk" Trooper Napoli watches the Acclaim pass again. This time he pulls out behind it.
91) 0) text: Ray pulls into the breakdown lane and the trooper pulls in behind her.
92) 0) text: In Ray's rear view mirror, Trooper Napoli gets out of the cruiser. He puts on his hat and walks toward the car. Ray rolls down her window.
104) 5) text: Not too long. She looks after my kids. TROOPER NAPOLI
104) 7) text: Really? TROOPER NAPOLI
104) 9) text: Wow. That's a shock. TROOPER NAPOLI
104) 11) text: Yeah, I've heard about it but I didn't know she was involved. TROOPER NAPOLI
104) 13) text: Uh, I think there was a sign for a baby sitter at the Wolf Mart. That's where I get my gas. TROOPER NAPOLI
104) 15) text: Oh my God. He nods his head. TROOPER NAPOLI
104) 17) text: Absolutely. He eyes the side of the trailer where smoke stained siding is visible. TROOPER NAPOLI
127) 0) text: Trooper Napoli hears the call on the police radio.
130) 0) text: Ray, Lila and the Chinese girls keep running, slipping and sliding, falling. Lila and Ray stop and go back to help one of the Chinese girls who keeps falling. When they get to the shore, they climb up the bank and collapse on the snow, gasping. ANGLE: Trooper Napoli gets in his cruiser and heads down the bank toward the women, lights flashing.
131) 0) text: Two headlights are seen in the distance coming toward them. A PICKUP TRUCK approaches along the shore. Jimmy drives it. He gets out, gathers Ray, Lila and the two Chinese girls into the back of the truck and drives away. Ray looks back as the Acclaim SLIPS THROUGH THE ICE AND DISAPPEARS. Trooper Napoli reaches the scene, too late. No one is there.
135) 8) text: What do the troopers want? THREE RIVERS
138) 16) text: If she leaves, they'll turn you in Lila. The troopers want somebody. RAY
138) 18) text: The Chiefs want her out, so there's nothing standing between her and the troopers. RAY
142) 0) text: Flashing dome lights of New York State troopers are seen just beyond the sign "YOU ARE NOW LEAVING THE LAND OF THE MOHAWK." Trooper Napoli waits in his cruiser with other vehicles. Billy drives Ray and the Chinese girls slowly toward them in the Mohawk Tribal Police Cruiser. Billy stops and the three get out of the car, handcuffed.