31) 0) text: Drew's mother, AMANDA, withdraws a roast from the oven. Gus is at the sink, washing his hands. He turns to see Zo laying at Drew's feet in the living room. Drew is watchin VIDEO on TV.
33) 0) text: Amanda's about to put the roast on the table when Gus nuz behind her, breathing down her backside. With his drink i he sweeps her hair aside and zeros in for a kiss on the b the neck. Gus eases his free hand around between Amanda and the cou presses his palm firmly into her crotch, drawing her body him. She stiffens at his intimate hold, uncomfortable with his
33) 1) dialog: Gus, please... At the back door, Drew is watching from beyond the screen disgusted by the sight of Gus pawing his mother. Drew swi door open as loud as he can to signal his return. Gus plants a last kiss on the back of Amanda's neck and b But before he goes, he snatches a chunk of meat from the platter. Leveling his leering eyes at Amanda, he stuffs i his mouth suggestively.
33) 4) dialog: Really, Gus. It won't bother me. Gus ignores her, inching forward with a confidential, har whisper.
33) 8) dialog: Knock it off, guys... Gus throws back a sip of Bourbon.
38) 3) dialog: Jesus, Gus, what have you done?
48) 0) text: Amanda wakens with a start. She rises, eyes focusing on t bedroom. Gus is sound asleep next to her. Then, from outs faintly hear ZOWIE'S SCRATCHING. Slowly, Amanda rises from bed, pulling on a bathrobe as s for the door.
49) 0) text: Amanda appears at the door. She unlatches it, stepping ou
49) 1) dialog: Zowie? Amanda looks down and SCREAMS.
50) 0) text: Photos of Drew with Zowie are tacked on the wall above th The one photo of Drew, Amanda and Gus has been altered wi out head of Zowie's pasted on Gus' shoulders. WE FIND Drew below. He's fallen asleep with his Walkman o with his ears covered, the POUNDING at the door jolts him Half asleep, Drew peels off the headphones.
50) 2) dialog: Unlock it, Drew! The anger in his mother's voice brings him off the bed. G POUNDING continues. Drew moves to the door. The inside is secured by a double bolt. Instead of unlocking them, he opens a tiny, customi window which gives him a view of the hall.
50) 4) dialog: Open the door, Drew. Drew unlatches the deadbolts and steps back as Gus bursts the door.
50) 10) dialog: I never knew an open wound could smell so bad... (beat)
52) 0) text: Gus, Amanda, Drew and Geoff are gathered around Chase's v
53) 5) dialog: Fine.
59) 1) dialog: Hold still. Hold still. Amanda puts the finishing touches of color on Drew's lips done an alarmingly good job of turning Drew into THE JOKE
59) 2) dialog: You make sure you're home by ten. If Gus finds out I let you go...
59) 4) text: I'll be home, Mom. Don't worry. I won't let Gus blow up again... Amanda looks Drew straight in the eyes.
59) 5) dialog: Drew, I know Gus isn't your father, but you never even knew your real father. He walked out on the both of us, and you remember that. (beat)
59) 6) text: Gus isn't that way. He has it in him to love us both. You just have to give him a chance... Drew nods respectfully. Amanda gives him a kiss. Drawing rubs out the lipmarks she's left on his made-up cheek.
62) 0) text: Amanda draws back from the window, mortified. She nervous crosses to the refrigerator and grabs a beer, turning as enters.
62) 1) dialog: You're home early.
62) 4) dialog: Uh... in his room... Gus tightens his brow, casting a suspicious eye. A sickened look flushes through Amanda as Gus pulls his e from her and marches upstairs.
62) 11) dialog: The Pet Sematary. Gus turns away and heads out the door.
69) 0) text: Amanda is pacing back and forth on the porch, checking he every few steps. She sighs with relief as... Drew appears from the darkness of the woods. Drew dismounts his bike and carries it up the front porch strangely silent. His clothes and face are caked with dir
69) 1) dialog: Jesus, Drew, do you know what time it is? Did Gus ever find you? Drew moves on past her into the house.
69) 2) dialog: (calling after him)
75) 0) text: Gus enters from the steamy bathroom. The shower is still Amanda stirs, sleepy eyes focusing on him.
75) 1) dialog: Gus, hon. I'm sorry about tonight. You coming to bed? Gus lifts the covers and climbs in. With him comes the ch death. Gus presses up behind her. His hand moves beneath sheets, finding its way over the curve of her waist, care Amanda shivers.
75) 2) dialog: God, you're ice cold... (turning)
75) 3) text: ...and you smell! Lord, what did you get yourself into? It's then that Amanda sees the bandage around Gus' neck. seeping through the gauze.
75) 4) dialog: My God, Gus, what happened? Amanda reaches out to touch him, but Gus stops her hand s the bandage. Instead, he leans forward and clutches one o breasts. Amanda tries to twist away.
75) 5) dialog: Gus... stop it! What's wrong with you?! But Gus doesn't stop. He throws himself on top of Amanda, forcing her back onto the bed.
75) 6) dialog: Gus!!! Amanda's hands beat at Gus' face and back, to no apparent With one arm forced against Amanda's throat, he rips open nightgown with the other. We pull away from Amanda's struggles, back to the bathroo shower running on and on, cloaking the bedroom in steam.
87) 0) text: The dinner from Hell. Geoff splats a helping of mashed po onto his plate, all the while keeping a wary eye on Gus.. Gus is serving himself a chunk of rabbit. It hits the edg plate, teetering on the rim. He passes the dish on. Gus meets Geoff's gaze. For a moment, there's a deadened, look in Gus' eyes. Then slowly, a limp smile creeps over sending a chill up Geoff's spine. Geoff averts Gus' stare. Gus helps himself to potatoes an the plate on. He lets go of it short of reaching Drew. On quick hands save it from hitting the table. Amanda comes to the table with a dish of LIMA BEANS. She a cold, hateful stare and sets the limas down. She's stil over last night. Gus dishes a sloppy scoop and passes it toward Drew. Like he lets it drop too early. This time Drew doesn't save it lima beans shower the floor.
87) 1) dialog: God damnit, Gus! This isn't funny! Amanda fetches a dishtowel and kneels to clean up the mes Geoff and Drew exchange quick glances. As Geoff reaches f salt... ...Gus intercepts his wrist. Geoff gulps. Gus drops his jaw, revealing a gooey mass of food. But th smile and the look in his eyes convey dementia rather tha playfulness. Geoff and Drew can't believe their eyes. They laugh uncom There's no other response. Gus LAUGHS too... awkward, terrible laughter. Spitting ou over his shirt and plate as he does so. The boys stop laughing, but Gus just keeps on going. Amanda stares at Gus and carries the mess out of the room Through his laughter, Gus' bandage has slipped down, expo of his ragged wound. The wound glistens, oozing CLOTTED B GOOEY PUS. Drew hesitantly reaches for Gus' neck, readjusting the ba Grossed out, Geoff averts his eyes and sets his fork asid
103) 0) text: Drew slides down the slant of the roof. He hits the latti takes it to the ground with him. Untangling himself, he gets to his feet... ...and here comes Amanda, ARRIVING HOME. Drew runs for her car, waving his hands, throwing himself path so she'll go no further. She SLAMS on the brakes. Drew pulls open the passenger door and dives inside...
104) 0) text: Speeding down the highway. Drew and Amanda are mortified. Suddenly, we hear the WAIL of Gus' patrol car coming up f behind. Amanda looks to the rear-view mirror...
106) 0) text: Amanda hips her head back in front of them. The potato tr blaring its HORN. Gus' car swerves out onto the shoulder, speeding up to ma pace.
118) 7) text: He put your wife in his truck and drove off right through Amanda and Drew's headstones... The caretaker points across the hillside... TIRE TRACKS cut through the manicured grass, cutting a pa destruction right through the field of headstones and on the fence.