3) 0) text: An aged GOLDEN RETRIEVER is on the surgical table. CHASE D.V.M., gently strokes the dog's fur. He's good with the kind. The retriever's owners: a MOTHER and her SON, look
3) 1) dialog: I think this is probably for the best. He's a very old dog. He has arthritis. He has cataracts in his eyes... Chase looks at the mother. He's always hated this part.
3) 2) dialog: He's had a good life... (to dog)
4) 8) dialog: Oh Jesus... Chase's gaze connects with his son.
4) 10) text: Dad... We pull back from Geoff, Chase, and the commotion around Farther and farther as the darkness around the set begins in...
6) 12) dialog: Pretty much so. Gus glances at Geoff.
6) 14) dialog: I wanted to get Geoff out of L.A. Just start things over, you know? Gus nods. Now his eyes fall on Renee's headstone.
6) 16) dialog: That's Renee alright.
8) 0) text: Moving boxes clutter the downstairs. Chase is weaving through the maze, doing an inventory on boxes. A sweaty PAIR OF MOVERS are climbing up the stairs. Each hunched  over, with a garment box balanced on his back. T of each carton is boldly labeled: RENEE - ATTIC.
8) 2) dialog: ...Geoff, what if we just give the clothes to Goodwill? We'll keep the rest. Just the clothes. Geoff shakes his head, firm and deliberate denial.
8) 4) dialog: All the 'Renee' boxes go in the attic. Sorry. Marjorie KNOCKS on the open frame of the front door. Geoff recognizes her from his mother's funeral. She flash warm smile.
8) 8) dialog: Uh... no. You just... look different than you sounded on the phone. Please, come in. Marjorie enters. She grins at Geoff again. Yep. She's ner alright.
8) 10) dialog: Well we're glad to have you, Marjorie. You can call me Chase, by the way. Marjorie passes her curious eyes over one of Renee's garm containers.
8) 12) text: I must've watched that movie four times. Chase smiles. Marjorie's enthusiasm is endearing. Just then, one of the movers loses his grip. A garment bo down the slope of the stairs. When it reaches the bottom, spill over the floor.
9) 0) text: A VAN is parked outside. The rear side panel is masked of tape and a stencil. Chase grabs the corner of the tape an carefully peels it back, revealing a crisp, new business
10) 0) text: ESTABLISHING. Shops and businesses situated around a lazy square. QUiet. Relaxed. As rural as they come. WE pick up Chase's van as it cruises by.
11) 0) text: Chase pulls the van in front of an unassuming veterinary On the door is Chase's nameplate. And on the weathered wa outline of letters where the name and title "Quentin Yola Doctor of Veterinary Medicine" once was. Geoff is first out of the van.
12) 0) text: Geoff and Chase move inside. The offices look like they w in the 40s. A dark corridor stretches down the center of suite. Faded green walls are solid, with few exteriors. I creepy in here. Heavy, grey plastic curtains absorb much of the light whi find its way in. Nothing looks like it's been updated in fifty years.
12) 1) dialog: This doesn't look so bad... Chase sweeps a curtain aside, revealing the interior to G Dust swirls in the air.
12) 3) dialog: It's been a few years. Geoff takes a look around, growing uncomfortable.
13) 0) text: Rows of kennels are stacked along the walls, smothered wi cobwebs. Ancient, rusted surgical equipment is scattered  everywhere. The place is a mess. Windows are boarded up a shadows cloak the room. Over to the right, Geoff hears a RUSTLING. A CARDBOARD BOX on one of the shelves jiggles. Something around inside it. Geoff's eyes widen. Still, morbid curiosity propels him f The box rustles again. He reaches for it and... A CREATURE LEAPS out at him, HOWLING. Geoff SCREAMS and j back. The box tumbles over and... A CAT crawls out. Behind the protective mother, are four cutest kittens we've ever seen, MEWING away. Geoff sighs just as Chase rushes into the room.
13) 1) dialog: What's wrong?!
13) 3) text: Nothing. I just got spooked by a bunch of furballs. Inside the box is a note. Chase reaches for it. It reads: warm welcome to you."
13) 4) dialog: Great, now I've opened an orphanage too. One of the kittens pads out of the box and looks up at Ge sleepy eyes. Her fur is striped.
13) 7) dialog: Tell you what, you do some sweeping up here, and she's yours. Geoff nods and Chase moves back out into the hallway. Geoff sets the box back upright and lowers Tiger in with kittens. He reaches for the broom and goes to work sweepi the cobwebs. Just as soon as he turns his back, Tiger climbs the side box, spilling over onto the floor.
14) 0) text: Chase is unpacking a shipment of medical supplies. When h them in the cabinet, he stirs up a layer of dust. Tiger scampers by as Chase coughs his way out of the clou dust.
16) 0) text: Chase spins around at the commotion as Tiger darts across floor with the barking dog in pursuit. Mayhem ensues as Zowie's big paws slip on the slick tile. Geoff rushes in from the boarding area. Tiger ducks beneath the back of a surgical gurney. Zowie's snoot wedges beneath the base, inches from Tiger' striking paw. Drew slides in on his knees, renewing his hold on Zowie's He pulls the dog back. Geoff rescues Tiger from beneath the gurney. Drew shrugs sheepishly.
16) 4) text: Drew, where the hell are your manners. Drew steps forward and awkwardly offers his hand to Chase Geoff. The boys shake.
16) 10) dialog: Let's have him hop up here. Drew prods Zowie. Zowie jumps up onto the table. Chase lo the facial lacerations, then turns on a penlight and exam dog's eyes. Gus passes a lingering look over Tiger. He reaches in to making sure it meets with Geoff's approval.
16) 12) dialog: There are three more girls where that one came from looking for homes. Drew perks up at the thought, but Gus shoots it down.
16) 14) dialog: Thee facial lacerations should heal up pretty quickly. I'll give you som antibiotic cream--
16) 16) dialog: His left eye is scratched, corneal abrasion. Eyedrops will help, but it's going to take som time. Try to keep him away from those rabbits, huh? Drew nods, casting a glance aside at Gus.
16) 19) dialog: How'd you know that? Gus gives Chase a knowing grin.
16) 24) text: Homecoming. Prom. Whole nine yards. (to Chase)
17) 0) text: JUNIOR HIGH SCHOOL KIDS are converging en masse for class Chase's van pulls up front.
18) 0) text: Chase digs some cash out of his wallet. Geoff stares out school. He's dreading this.
18) 1) dialog: What's a lunch cost these days? You want ten?
18) 3) text: Sure. Chase looks at his son.
18) 4) dialog: You nervous? New town, new school. I know it must be pretty hard for you...
18) 6) text: I'll be fine, Dad. Geoff reaches for the door, but Chase stops him. He's try reach his son. He really is.
18) 7) dialog: (awkward)
18) 8) text: Geoff... you have to help me out here a little... "MEOW!" Chase drops his eyes to the bulge squirming aroun Geoff's jacket. He can't help but smile.
18) 9) dialog: Are you sure you don't want me to pick you up. It's a long ride. Geoff opens the side panel of the van and slips out his M BIKE.
19) 0) text: As Chase pulls away, WE SEE the handmade sign taped in th window:
29) 0) text: Marjorie is at the stove, fixing up dinner, while Chase s newspaper at the table. Geoff enters through the kitchen door. He moves past them a word.
29) 1) dialog: (calling after him)
29) 7) dialog: Sorry.
51) 0) text: Chase enters and stops in the doorway. Geoff sits in front of the television with a pile of vide next to him. He's scanning through Renee's old movies wit remote. The sound has been turned down and the effect is eerie.
51) 2) dialog: (gently)
51) 3) text: Geoff... Geoff doesn't respond. He's captivated by Renee. Chase moves into the room.
51) 4) dialog: Geoff! Geoff PAUSES the tape. Renee freezes, the image flickerin slightly. For an instant, we think we see a FLASH OF Rene electrocuted. But it's only an instant. Finally, Geoff tears his eyes away from the screen, resen father's intrusion.
51) 6) dialog: You alright? Geoff's face softens. He nods.
51) 8) text: ...you think you and Mom would've gotten back together? Chase draws closer. He takes a seat next to Geoff. The pa son's eyes is almost more than he can stand.
51) 9) dialog: I think so.
51) 10) dialog: (continuing)
51) 14) dialog: Remember Zowie, Drew's dog? He got hurt again. I'm going over to take a look at him. Geoff's eyes widen. He looks like a ghost walked over his
52) 0) text: Gus, Amanda, Drew and Geoff are gathered around Chase's v
53) 0) text: Chase lays Zowie on his side on an examining table and sh overhead light onto the wound. Geoff is looking in from outside, utterly bewildered by t living, breathing dog.
53) 1) dialog: How'd it happen? Gus casts a threatening glance in Drew's direction.
53) 3) text: Some psycho hunter probably got trigger happy... Chase is too busy preparing a syringe to notice the nonve exchange.
53) 4) dialog: I'm going to give Zowie a local anaesthetic so I can clean up the wound. I'd like to take him home tonight for observation.
53) 7) dialog: Sure... Drew tenderly strokes Zowie's mane as Chase administers t injection. Zowie stares up at Geoff with dull, blank eyes Drew reads Geoff's bewilderment and joins him outside the Their words are clear, but whispered.
55) 0) text: Chase strips off the bandage over Zowie's rear end. The w gooey and open. Geoff reads the concern in Chase's expression. Drew is ri at Geoff's side, looking on.
55) 2) dialog: I don't know. He's had three days. His immune system should've responded by now... Chase puts on his stethoscope and checks under the dog's for a pulse. He checks a number of places, then shakes hi totally confused.
55) 3) dialog: I can't seem to find a pulse... it must be so weak, it's not registering... Geoff and Drew share conspiratorial glances as Chase sets stethoscope aside and extracts a blood sample. Chase labels the capped vial of blood "ZOWIE" and careful it into a packing container. When he closes the lid, we s preaddressed label: UNIVERSITY OF MAINE
55) 5) text: Uncomfortable with Chase's investigation, Geoff reaches f
57) 0) text: A SNARLING WEREWOLF rushing at us. Chase jumps back, frightened out of his wits and we reali The werewolf is part of a group of COSTUMED KIDS out tric treating. The kids LAUGH at Chase's reaction and hurry on dragging their candy loot bags behind them. Chase sighs and turns to lock the office door. He's closi the night. He climbs into his Mobile Vet Van. We HOLD ON the new sig back window: "A HALLOWEEN TREAT. FREE KITTENS." Beneath t pencil-sketch of a black arched-back kitten.
58) 6) dialog: Hey! Where're you off to?
58) 8) dialog: Out?
58) 10) dialog: What do they do up there?
58) 12) text: It's no big deal, Chase. I did it when I was young.
70) 0) text: Chase is in the study, perusing some files. He looks into hallway as Geoff arrives home, then glances at the clock. late. Very late. Chase rises. He's both angry and relieved. Right now, tho anger's winning out.
70) 1) dialog: Were you drinking? Geoff absently shakes his head. He slumps back against th drained from the night's horrors.
70) 2) dialog: Drew's Mom called hours ago, the rest of the kids were back by ten. Where the hell were you boys? Geoff shrugs, trying to mask his uneasiness.
70) 4) dialog: "Out." Well that's great, Geoff. (beat)
70) 7) text: I'm really tired, Dad... can I just go to sleep? Chase stops and looks at his son. Geoff's exhaustion is s evident.
70) 8) dialog: (sighing)
77) 0) text: Chase enters with a stack of files tucked under his arm. organizes them in the large filing cabinet with the other listens to his messages on the answering machine. The current caller sounds a little annoyed...
77) 4) text: We saw your sign. Are there any kitties left? Chase studies them. They look like decent people.
77) 5) dialog: Take your pick. They're in the boarding area. You can go on back. Chase turns away as his phone call is answered.
77) 6) dialog: Elliot, it's Chase...
78) 1) dialog: I didn't get that... The pathologist turns off the saw. His words become audib
78) 3) dialog: What?
78) 5) dialog: Wait, there must be some mix-up. He was... the dog is alive.
78) 8) dialog: Yes... why?
80) 1) dialog: (into the phone)
80) 2) text: Look, this is ridiculous... Suddenly, BLOOD-CURDLING SCREAMS pierce the air. Chase dr phone and rushes out of the office...
81) 0) text: The toddlers are screaming at the top of their lungs. Mom burying their heads in her dress. Chase bursts in as the mother hastily retreats for the ex horrified eyes flash by Chase. In an instant, she and the are gone. Chase remains alone, moving down the long row of kennels mounting trepidation... Zowie's cage is empty. Chase shifts his troubled gaze to the... DRIP DRIP DRIP... as a PUDDLE OF BLOOD forms on the floor Chase raises his eyes...
81) 2) dialog: Jesus... It's too gruesome even for a man of Chase's background. F the gag reflex, he searches the room for the missing dog. ...and then he spots the broken glass window vent along t And the pile of blood-spattered shards laying on the tile
82) 4) dialog: Yeah... that's fine... (beat)
82) 6) dialog: If he finds his way home, call me, no matter what the hour, okay? And don't try to approach him. Whatever he's got might be  infectious. Understand? The boys nod their heads. Chase masks his anxiety with a weary smile. With a wave, up, leaving the boys.
83) 0) text: A MAP of Maine is unfolded on the passenger seat. Chase i car phone.
83) 1) dialog: Can I have the address for Quentin Yolander? Chase jots an address down on the map. He turns the van u mountain road, winding through the towering pines.
85) 3) dialog: Doctor Yolander. This is Chase Matthews. I've moved into your offices in Ludlow... Yolander's attention remains on the needle as he meticulo stitches the belly.
85) 4) dialog: (continuing)
85) 6) dialog: ...a dog... Yolander rises from his seat and swings open the door. Chase stands in the doorway, startled. It doesn't take a figure out that the good Doctor is drunk.
85) 9) dialog: I... um... Chase glances to the right and steps back...
85) 11) dialog: (momentarily thrown)
85) 15) dialog: Exactly! I thought it might be some sort of blood condition... immune deficiency or... Quentin Yolander laughs. It's disconcerting.
85) 17) text: And so was Creed's cat. And so was his wife the night she was killed for the second time... As Yolander moves forward, Chase backs up. He bumps into shelf of stuffed creatures. To his right, A RAVEN sits fr its perch. Chase regards Yolander as being completely ins
85) 20) dialog: Well... uh... thanks... Chase continues to back out of the door. On his way out, into the stuffed raven's perch... ...only this raven isn't stuffed. It spreads its wings an SCREECHES. Chase just about jumps out of his skin, tripping out of t doorway.
90) 0) text: Chase sits in the den, looking exhausted and disheveled. of him, the t.v. is on. RENEE'S FACE stares out at us. Ch the remote and rises, moving to the back door. He checks the deadbolt, then secures the chain link as a From somewhere outside, we hear a DOG HOWL. Chase's eyes drop to the DOGGY DOOR, a holdover from the owner. Chase bends down and latches the door. Now he pauses at his desk... considers... then pulls some of the bottom drawer. It's a gun.
91) 0) text: Chase moves to the front of the house, securing that door Satisfied, he turns off the light and heads upstairs...
92) 0) text: Coming through the door from the downstairs, Chase stops RENEE is on the bed. Clothed in a negligee. Lying across of rose petals. Her eyes meet his with powerful longing.
92) 2) dialog: (dry-mouthed)
92) 3) text: Renee... Chase approaches. Slowly. Fearful that this is all a drea Renee reaches out her hand. They touch. This is not a dre
92) 4) dialog: Oh God... Chase absently sets his gun on the bedside table as Renee his body to hers. They kiss. Once. Twice. Not a dream. Renee rolls Chase over, forcefully climbing on top. Chase down into the center of the bed as Renee straddles him. Slowly, Renee slips off the top of her negligee...
92) 6) text: I can come back, Chase... ...and sinks down on top of him, kissing him hungrily. Her nipples graze his chest, then her breasts flatten as grinds her hips against his. Almost instantly, the weight of her grows unbearable. Cha to pull his mouth from hers, to breathe...
92) 7) dialog: No... Too heavy. There is no pleasure in his words, just unmitigated horro Renee's body comes down on him harder.
92) 8) dialog: ...can't breathe... I can't...
94) 0) text: Chase looks on in terror. Finally he pulls his eyes away shattered window... ...and catches a glimpse of something in the dresser mirr Something that sends a chill up his spine. The flurry of down feathers is floating to the mattress. intermingling with the feathers are a handful of ROSE PET slowly settling to the bed.
95) 0) text: Chase is bare-chested at the mirror, applying a dressing dog bite on his shoulder. Marjorie appears in the doorway with a basket of laundry. stops short at the sight of Chase standing there in his b Chase catches her reflection in the mirror and is startle
95) 2) dialog: It's okay. Marjorie's eyes can't help but fix on the dog bites scatt Chase's chest and arms.
95) 4) dialog: I had a little run-in with Zowie.
95) 8) dialog: He doesn't. I don't know what he has, but I'm hoping to God it's not infectious... Chase stops and looks at Marjorie's reflection in the mir
95) 9) dialog: Marjorie... what do you know about the Creed murders? Marjorie stiffens for a moment. Obviously the Creeds are spot for the people in this town.
95) 11) text: He killed his wife and himself, and that's the end of story. Anything else belongs in the National Enquirer. Marjorie tapes the bandage over Chase's shoulder too tigh Chase's groan snaps her back to the reality at hand.
95) 13) dialog: I wish I knew.
96) 0) text: Chase approaches the counter, looking to the ELDERLY LIBR assistance.
96) 2) dialog: Do you have anything on the Creed murders? I can't find the  microfilm from that period... The librarian's smile vanishes. She lowers her voice, foc attention on some paperwork.
96) 4) dialog: But you've got files from the previous years...
109) 0) text: Geoff enters first. Wearing a dark suit. Looking pale and inside. Chase follows, dressed in black. It's obvious the to a funeral. Without a word, Geoff heads up the stairs. Chase watches feeling utterly helpless.
110) 0) text: Chase exits from his bedroom, pulling a sweater over a mo change of clothes. He cocks his head at the SOUNDS of Geo about in the attic above. The door atop the attic stairway is barely ajar. Chase wrinkles his brow, concerned. Turning away, he head downstairs.
111) 3) dialog: Geoff, dinner's ready! (after no reply)
112) 0) text: Chase pushes open the door. A spring coil pulls the CREAK closed behind him. One look at the attic and Chase turns A huge window at the far end of the room allows the moonl reach all corners of the spacious old attic... All of Renee's belongings have been unpacked. The entire been converted into a museum-like room, down to the last  meticulous detail. A room in preparation for Renee's retu Gauzy curtains billow out from some unseen draft. Picture Renee rest everywhere. Awards. Memorabilia... GEOFF is seated before the brightly lit, three-way theatr mirror, casually setting out Renee's make-up.
112) 1) dialog: Geoff... what are you doing? There's an obsessive dementia in Geoff's gaze.
112) 3) dialog: (gently)
112) 6) dialog: What are you talking about?
112) 8) dialog: Geoff, this is crazy. Zowie didn't die.
112) 10) text: There's a place out in the woods... if you bury something there, it comes back alive. Chase stares at his son. This is insane. It must be. Just then, the PHONE RINGS downstairs. Geoff continues to his father.
112) 13) text: Doctor Matthews, you've got a call. It's the caretaker at the funeral home. Something about your wife's grave... Chase nods in private acknowledgement. He stares at Geoff backs away.
112) 14) dialog: Look, Geoff. Just... just relax, okay. I'm going to take this call and I'll be right back. Okay? Geoff doesn't respond. Chase pulls open the door and leav
113) 0) text: Chase is on the phone. The CALLER'S WORDS bring grave con Chase.
113) 1) dialog: What?! Christ, I'll be right there... Chase hangs up, stunned. He turns to Marjorie, who's watc with a concerned gaze.
113) 2) dialog: (hurried)
113) 3) text: Marjorie, I need you to stay late. Geoff is really upset and I have to take care of this. Don't let him leave the house, alright? Chase is out the door before she has a chance to respond.
118) 0) text: Chase's van pulls to a stop behind a maintenance vehicle. Chase is greeted by the limping CARETAKER, who quickly le off across the rolling hillside.
118) 3) dialog: Jesus... (uncomprehending)
118) 9) text: You want me to notify the authorities? Chase doesn't answer, he just storms past the caretaker.
119) 0) text: The van is speeding down the dark, open highway. Chase is car phone, frantic, waiting as it RINGS. There's finally answer...
119) 1) dialog: Doctor Yolander, this is Chase Matthews, we spoke the other day... Yolander cuts him off.
121) 0) text: Chase grips the carphone tightly, his knuckles white.
121) 2) dialog: My God... (mounting horror)
121) 7) dialog: (screaming)
121) 9) dialog: Shit! Chase flings the carphone down, looking up as... An approaching potato truck ZOOMS by. Blinding headlights BLARING HORN. Chase barely swerves out of the way. Recovering from the scare, Chase reaches over and opens t compartment. He pulls out his gun and sets it on the seat him.
126) 0) text: An old saw is laying in a pile of sawdust next to a squar that's been cut in the base of the front door. Chase gives it a look as he tries the door. It's unlocked enters, bringing with him an illuminating swath from his  headlights.
127) 0) text: Chase's headlights stream through the windows, distorting interior. The house looks like it's been through a tornad trail of BLOODY PAW PRINTS leads into the kitchen. The st repulsive. Grimacing, Chase has to keep himself from gagg
127) 1) dialog: Jesus... As Chase moves forward, he catches sight of...
127) 3) dialog: Gus, what are you doing?! Gus glances down at the dead dog.
127) 6) dialog: God damn it Gus, you dug up my wife! What the fuck is going on around here?! Gus brings a cordless electric drill up from his side, po at Chase in a threatening manner.
127) 8) text: A little drilling. A little killing. As Gus moves forward, Chase gets a good look at him for t time. He doesn't look even remotely alive.
127) 9) dialog: Holy shit! Chase levels his gun with a trembling hand. Gus stabs the air with the drill, feeding on Chase's horr Chase pulls the trigger. A bullet pounds Gus' chest. A SP FLESH explodes from his back. Unphased, Gus regains his balance.
127) 14) text: No brain, no pain, Chase. Think about it... The whirling drill bit is millimeters away from Chase's e clutches Gus' arm, trying to force the drill aside... At the last second, adrenaline kicks in and Chase diverts drill. It SINKS INTO the counter-top nearby... STUCK. Gus ROARS, lashing out, but Chase manages to duck away... Chase catches sight of HIS GUN on the floor. He scrambles scooping it up... BULLETS are rolling across the floor every which way. Cha his palm down on one and desperately fumbles with the cha Gus' hands CLAMP DOWN around Chase's neck. He swings Chas and SLAMS him against the wall, lifting him off his feet. Chase GASPS as the life is literally crushed out of him.. He brings the gun up beneath Gus' chin and jams it into h throat. Gus just keeps on throttling him...
127) 16) text: Just remember, Chase... I had Renee first... and now I'm gonna have her last... BLAM! The top of Gus' head BLOWS off. His BODY is thrown the incredible force, tumbling him to the kitchen floor w HEAVY THUD. Chase sucks in precious air, then his head snaps up.
127) 17) dialog: Geoff!
128) 0) text: Chase stumbles from the house. It's a wonder he's even co He swings open the van door and throws himself inside, si key into the ignition.
133) 0) text: Reaching the house, Chase SKIDS to a stop across the lawn
134) 0) text: Chase cautiously enters with the gun in his grasp. The sp swings the CREAKING door shut behind him. From Chase's vantage point, he can't see them yet. He mak way around the stripped dressmaker's model, past an uprig dressing mirror. And then he sees...
134) 2) dialog: Marjorie? Marjorie's head rolls sideways, exposing the other half o face. The skin has been stripped from her skull and peele Chase turns his head away. And that's when he sees them..
134) 5) dialog: Oh my God...
134) 7) dialog: (shaking his head)
134) 10) dialog: You're not Renee... Renee's dead... (screaming)
134) 13) text: Geoff, honey, why don't you go downstairs. Your father and I need a moment alone. Do it for me? Geoff looks up at his mother, mesmerized. She releases hi the embrace. He brushes past Chase without a glance and h the attic door.
134) 19) dialog: Geoff! Chase stumbles forward to rescue his son. As he does so, brings the axe back up, SMASHING Chase in the head with t end... Chase goes down. Unconscious.
135) 0) text: We PULL OUT from a sign on the door that says "CLOSED". Chase is just now locking up the door. He's bandaged up, little worse for the wear, but happy to be alive. He turn grinning...
135) 3) dialog: All set. Chase joins Geoff at the van and together they climb insi starts the engine, pulling away from the office.
135) 6) dialog: So where're we going?