20) 0) text: Drew is among a small circle of BOYS. He recognizes Geoff his bike from the van. The largest of the boys, CLYDE, ta notice of the unfamiliar face. Clyde is fifteen, going on twenty. You know the type: loc held back a year or two.
20) 1) dialog: Check it out. That's the new kid. The son of that movie star. Mischief gleams in Clyde's eyes as he watches Geoff's eve The other boys follow suit. Clyde always takes the lead. Geoff fields their penetrating stares. For a second his e connect with Clyde's, then he moves on into the building. Among the boys, Drew is the reluctant participant.
22) 0) text: Geoff joins the stampede of kids as the BELL releases the day. Almost immediately, Clyde and his cronies, STEVIE AN fall in step behind him. Drew hangs slightly off to the s really wanting to be a part of the intimidation.
22) 1) dialog: What's the hurry, Junior? Where you off to? Clyde quickens his pace, pulling ahead of Geoff and stopp front of him. Stevie and Brad move in on either side. Sur by peers, it's apparent how small Geoff is for his age. On the wall next to them is a bulletin board display. Cly glances at it. Geoff follows his gaze.
22) 3) dialog: (feigning remorse)
22) 4) text: Too bad about your Mom. Papers said it was pretty gross, getting fried like that. Guess you saw it, huh? Geoff nods. Clyde raises his eyebrows, pulling Geoff's ja open.
22) 5) dialog: So, what are you hiding there?
22) 8) dialog: Tiger? Don't you think that's kind of a pussy name? (reaching out)
22) 9) text: Can I hold her? I promise I'll be real careful. Clyde has a convincing way about him. Geoff reluctantly h kitten over. Clyde is so gentle with the creature that on never question his sincerity. Geoff is just beginning to feel at ease when something ch Clyde's tone, something sinister.
22) 10) dialog: Hey, Geoff. You ever seen a kitten run?
22) 12) dialog: No, I mean really run... (beat)
22) 13) text: Like this! Clyde backsteps and bolts off down the hallway with Tiger and Stevie fall in behind him, laughing. Drew shrugs apologetically. He's torn, but he tears off a nonetheless.
23) 0) text: Geoff rushes from the building, searching the dispersing There they are, tearing from the bike racks, pedaling for street. Clyde sees Geoff and mockingly holds the kitten out for d they ride by. Geoff runs for the bike racks.
24) 0) text: Clyde and his cohorts break from the outskirts of town, r onto the open road. Clyde glances back toward the center of town. Geoff is so far behind he's barely visible. Clyde returns his eyes to the road ahead, raising Tiger n nose with him.
24) 1) dialog: Having fun yet? Clyde and his smirking buddies ride on, OUT OF FRAME.
25) 0) text: Clyde and his friends have abandoned their bikes. They've position on top of the slope of the hill, standing at the THE PATH TO THE PET SEMATARY.
26) 2) dialog: I would but... there was a little accident... (feeding off Geoff's alarm)
26) 6) dialog: (turning on Drew)
26) 7) text: ...I TOLD HIM where the cat is! Now shut up, fuck-face! Clyde punches Drew in the arm. Drew shrinks back. Geoff flashes a hateful stare at Clyde. All of the boys but Clyde are uncomfortably silent. There something frightening about Clyde... something that exten the standard bully antics. We begin to get the feeling th kid is genuinely deranged.
26) 8) dialog: (relishing the moment)
26) 10) dialog: (continuing)
26) 13) text: Clyde... it's not funny anymore.
26) 14) dialog: Oh? So you got a problem? What're you gonna do, fat-ass? You gonna sic big, bad, old Gus after me? Drew shuts up. Clyde turns back to Geoff, drawing closer.
26) 15) dialog: What do you think, Geoff? Maybe you could dig up your Mom and take her back there. Maybe if you pray real hard, she'll come back. With this last remark Clyde has pushed too far. Geoff's f red with anger.
26) 17) text: Just give me the cat, ass-hole. Clyde's grin falters a moment.
26) 18) dialog: Excuse me, maybe I'm a little hard of hearing... but did you just call me an ass-hole? Clyde pokes Geoff in the shoulder.
26) 19) dialog: You mad, Geoff? Cause if you are, you should take a shot at me... This time Clyde shoves Geoff back even harder.
26) 20) dialog: Come on, you pussy! What's the matter with you? Clyde moves forward again and Geoff suddenly LASHES OUT, everyone off guard. For an instant, Drew marvels at Geoff's tenacity. Clyde LUNGES. He hammers Geoff with blows. Outsizing him by forty pounds, Clyde tosses Geoff to the Geoff struggles, but Clyde's grip proves arresting. Clyde throws Geoff onto his stomach, forcing his face int dirt. It looks as if he's ready to smother his opponent. Drew is the first to rush in. Brad and Stevie quickly fol takes all three of them to peel Clyde off Geoff. Clyde gets to his feet and backs away. There's great plea his crazed eyes as he watches Geoff coughing and gasping.
26) 21) dialog: Fuckin' ass-hole. Satisfied he's handed out enough ill will for the day, Cl away. Drew's attentions remain on Geoff. As Clyde strolls by, h Drew's arm and swings him around.
26) 22) dialog: This way, fat-boy. Stevie and Brad follow. As the group passes Geoff's bike, gives it a kick, knocking it over. Then they're gone. Geoff pulls himself to his feet. Brushing off the mess, h up the path in search of Tiger.
60) 3) dialog: Look at this, Junior here practically shit his pants. Clyde drops down, nose to nose with Geoff, who's still re
60) 4) dialog: Maybe you're too chicken to hang out with the rest of the boys. You gonna run home to Daddy now? Geoff brushes himself off and rises to his feet. He stare Clyde's eyes.
64) 0) text: By now, nearly TWO DOZEN COSTUMED KIDS have gathered at t Sematary. In the midst of the graves, a small story-telli campfire burns. A number of the boys sip beer, trying to that the bitter after-taste doesn't bother them. Clyde sits up front. At fourteen, he's the elder statesme group. With a beer in one hand, and a cigarette in the ot Clyde is just finishing up a spooky yarn.
64) 1) dialog: ...yeah, that old Louis was one sick fuck... digging up little Gage like so, maggots pouring out of that kid's eyes... Clyde whistles. He drags on his cigarette and puffs out a ring. Sees he still has an audience.
64) 2) dialog: Ellie was the only Creed that lived. Then one night a few months later, Ellie freaks out, and she hacks up her grandparents with an axe! (beat)
64) 3) text: Police found her licking their brains off the blade... They locked her up in a psycho ward and all she said were two words: 'Pet Sematary. Pet Sematary.' Clyde stares at the wide-eyed kids. He grins, takes a swi beer, and moves in for the kicker.
64) 4) dialog: Oh yeah! Almost forgot! Here's the best part. Two nights ago she escapes. Word is, she was heading for Maine. Man I hope she doesn't show up out here. (feigning concern)
64) 5) text: Shit, we wouldn't even notice her, not if she's wearing a costume. She could be one of us... Clyde casts a suspicious eye on the group. The kids uneas at each other, making sure they know who's behind each an costume. Suddenly Clyde drops his jaw in exaggerated horror.
64) 6) dialog: Oh my Goddd!!! Clyde lifts a trembling finger, pointing beyond the group spellbound listeners.
64) 7) dialog: It's... It's... The kids are afraid to turn around, assuming Clyde's rigg some unspeakable terror... And for an instant, a look of real horror washes over Cly face...
64) 9) dialog: Shit! It's Drew's Dad. It's fuckin' Gus! Drew and the others quickly turn around, realizing it's n of the punch-line scare.
67) 2) dialog: Thanks for fucking up our Halloween, dumbshit! Clyde recedes into the woods as Gus approaches the campfi scans the area with his flashlight, illuminating the vari cans.
82) 0) text: Clyde, Stevie, and Brad are loitering near the front bike Clyde's smoking away. As Geoff and Drew come out of the school, the trio moves intercept them.
82) 1) dialog: Hey! Just then, Chase's van pulls at the curb, interrupting wh trouble was about to happen. Clyde looks from the van to Geoff, and falls back.
97) 15) dialog: rips by on an old junkyard fixer-up MOTORCYCLE, and he's in Geoff's direction. Seeing him, Drew brakes and pulls his bike into a U-turn, furiously to catch up with Geoff.
97) 17) dialog: Well look who's here! Clyde veers right, forcing Geoff towards the shoulder of road...
98) 0) text: The ground ahead drops toward a ravine. Geoff has nowhere but down the slope. Clyde is right there beside him... Laughing, Clyde reaches over and grabs ahold of Geoff's h He jerks it sideways...
98) 1) dialog: Oops! Geoff's front wheel turns perpendicular. The bike pitches THROWING Geoff into the dirt ahead... Clyde broadies his bike to a stop. With the engine idling off. Before Geoff can get to his feet, Clyde has picked up Geo and planted it upside down in the dirt.
98) 2) dialog: Guess your Dad's not here to save you now, is he? Clyde gets a handful of Geoff's collar and drags him over the bike. With his free hand, Clyde cranks the pedal. The back wheel spins. Faster and faster.
98) 3) dialog: You ever seen a tire take off a nose? Through the blur of the spokes, WE SEE Geoff, eyes wideni fearfully.
98) 4) dialog: Neither have I. Clyde forces Geoff's face toward the spinning tread.
98) 5) dialog: Might even kill ya. Wheel might chew right into your brains. You could visit your mom. Geoff tries to get a hold on the frame of the bike for le but his arms don't reach beyond the spinning wheel. Clyde is full of deranged glee, fueled by Geoff's fear. But now, A HAND grabs the wool scarf streaming from the b Clyde's neck and yanks him off of Geoff. Clyde reels, finding... GUS standing there behind him. He looks bad. Real bad. Hi bandages are unwound and his ruined neck is still seeping face is unearthly pale. He's deteriorated considerably si yesterday.
98) 6) dialog: (startled)
98) 12) dialog: Come on, Gus, I was just fucking with him... (nervous laughter)
98) 13) text: What're you gonna do? Give me a ticket? I mean, shit, Gus... Clyde grows increasingly wary of Gus' evil stare. Gus ste closer.
98) 14) dialog: You can't lay a finger on me... Wrong. Gus lashes out, backhanding Clyde across the face. Clyde falls to the ground, flat on his back, with his nos blood. Terrified. Gus turns around and lifts the idling motorcycle. With on under the back of the seat, and the other working the acc handlebar, Gus advances toward Clyde. Gus kicks the bike into gear and REVS the accelerator. THE REAR WHEEL SPINS. On the pavement it would be moving miles an hour. Clyde can't believe his eyes. Pleading.
98) 15) dialog: Gus... what are you doing?
98) 17) dialog: (wailing)
98) 18) text: Stop it, man! Stop it!!! Gus gets into the rhythm as he lowers and retracts the sp wheel at the terrified bully. But this time, as the wheel comes down... CLYDE'S WOOL SCARF, defying gravity, gets swept up, swall the GEARS. And along with the scarf, here comes Clyde's SCREAMING fa can only imagine the gruesome instant that follows. BLOOD sprays up over Gus' arms and chest. And then we hea sound of CRUNCHING BONES jamming the motorcycle's gears.
134) 16) dialog: is standing there, an AXE perched on his shoulder. His fa torn to shit, bones and brain matter exposed. He's covere head to toe in dirt and clotted blood. He looks worse tha the undead we've seen. A total walking nightmare.
134) 17) dialog: (grinning)
134) 18) text: Hey, Junior. Wanna play? WHOOSH! Clyde swings the axe, sinking it into the wall ju front of Geoff's face... Geoff tumbles back onto the floor, snapping out of his tr Clyde brings the axe down... ...and Geoff rolls to the side, barely avoiding decapitat
134) 20) dialog: Oops! Looks like Daddy got a boo- boo... Clyde turns his gaze back on Geoff.
134) 21) dialog: Now, where were we? Geoff shuffles backwards across the floor as Clyde moves room. Renee passes behind Clyde. She SLAMS the attic door shut off the knob with a jerk of the wrist, locking them all i Scared out of his wits, Geoff makes it to his feet. Clyde again and misses... Geoff grabs hold of the axe handle, struggling, and the t go down...
134) 24) dialog: Here it comes, buddy! HERE IT
134) 26) dialog: Eat it, ass-hole...