15) 0) text: Tiger sees the front door ajar. And as she approaches to what lies beyond-- The door swings open... ZOWIE, A SIBERIAN HUSKY is staring back at her. He's blac white with blue eyes, with a mask that is at once menacin majestic. A pudgy thirteen year old boy, DREW, has a hold of the do collar. Zowie's BARK sends Tiger scrambling. Drew loses his grip as Zowie yanks free. A strong, patern command calls after Drew from outside.
16) 0) text: Chase spins around at the commotion as Tiger darts across floor with the barking dog in pursuit. Mayhem ensues as Zowie's big paws slip on the slick tile. Geoff rushes in from the boarding area. Tiger ducks beneath the back of a surgical gurney. Zowie's snoot wedges beneath the base, inches from Tiger' striking paw. Drew slides in on his knees, renewing his hold on Zowie's He pulls the dog back. Geoff rescues Tiger from beneath the gurney. Drew shrugs sheepishly.
16) 1) dialog: Sorry. He gets kinda hyper... Drew's stepfather, Gus Gilbert, enters. The dreaded, domi voice of authority in Drew's life. WE know him as the she Renee's funeral.
16) 4) text: Drew, where the hell are your manners. Drew steps forward and awkwardly offers his hand to Chase Geoff. The boys shake.
16) 7) dialog: Zowie. Drew puts his palm under Zowie's chin and turns him for C see. There are several scabbed-over gashes on his left ch
16) 9) dialog: Is he gonna be okay? With one eye on Zowie, Chase sprays some antiseptic on th examination table and wipes it clean.
20) 0) text: Drew is among a small circle of BOYS. He recognizes Geoff his bike from the van. The largest of the boys, CLYDE, ta notice of the unfamiliar face. Clyde is fifteen, going on twenty. You know the type: loc held back a year or two.
22) 0) text: Geoff joins the stampede of kids as the BELL releases the day. Almost immediately, Clyde and his cronies, STEVIE AN fall in step behind him. Drew hangs slightly off to the s really wanting to be a part of the intimidation.
22) 13) text: Like this! Clyde backsteps and bolts off down the hallway with Tiger and Stevie fall in behind him, laughing. Drew shrugs apologetically. He's torn, but he tears off a nonetheless.
26) 4) text: ...but I happen to be out of them at the moment. Drew shakes his head, disgusted he has to put up with Cly antics.
26) 5) dialog: Come on, Clyde, just tell him where the cat is...
26) 7) text: ...I TOLD HIM where the cat is! Now shut up, fuck-face! Clyde punches Drew in the arm. Drew shrinks back. Geoff flashes a hateful stare at Clyde. All of the boys but Clyde are uncomfortably silent. There something frightening about Clyde... something that exten the standard bully antics. We begin to get the feeling th kid is genuinely deranged.
26) 12) dialog: (meekly)
28) 0) text: When Geoff turns around, he finds Drew waiting for him un archway. Drew smiles, full of respect for Geoff.
28) 1) dialog: I've never seen anybody punch Clyde before.
28) 4) dialog: (his smile fading)
28) 8) dialog: I swear, sometimes I wish Gus was dead...
28) 11) dialog: Stepdad. Gus is my stepdad. Geoff nods knowingly.
28) 13) dialog: Nothing. It's just an old ghost story. Let's get out of here... They head off, full of childhood.
31) 0) text: Drew's mother, AMANDA, withdraws a roast from the oven. Gus is at the sink, washing his hands. He turns to see Zo laying at Drew's feet in the living room. Drew is watchin VIDEO on TV.
31) 2) dialog: Just until he heals up? Gus is waggling his thumb toward the back door. Drew slumps in defeat. Gus reaches into the cabinet and pours himself a Bourbon.
32) 0) text: Drew walks Zowie from the house with a dish of dog food. pass the rabbit dens, Zowie alters his path. Drew gets a of his collar and pulls him back. Across the yard is an enclosed dog run. Twenty feet long feet wide. Drew puts Zowie inside with the dog food. Drew strokes Zowie's mane affectionately, then backs away the wood-framed door to the dog run.
33) 7) dialog: Hey, I'm so sorry I'm not the stud that you are.
33) 10) text: You watch that mouth of yours, Drew buddy.
37) 0) text: Drew swings open the door to the hallway as Gus marches b stuffing shells into a shotgun. Panicked, Drew takes off him.
38) 0) text: Zowie swings his head in the direction of the house as Gu through the back door. Drew is one step behind. Gus swings the gun up and fires off a SHOT. Zowie bolts for the shadows of the hillside. Drew rushes in and deflects the aim of the rifle.
38) 1) dialog: Don't shoot him! Gus' eyes are wild with anger.
39) 0) text: Drew pauses long enough to listen for Zowie... Nothing until a FAINT CRY drifts back at him.
39) 2) dialog: comes upon a break in the trees. The hanging moon outline knoll stretching beyond. And then, the strained breathing hushed WHIMPER. Drew hesitantly approaches the crest of the knoll. Zowie is just beyond, lying on his side at the end of the trail. His chest rises and falls almost imperceptibly wit effort to survive. Drew drops to his knees at Zowie's side and cradles the d lap, shaking his head in denial. Zowie's weak eyes shift, gazing longingly at Drew. Drew strokes the fur under Zowie's chin, hardly able to s dog through his glaze of tears. Zowie's eyes drift off. His chest falls and doesn't rise falls limp in Drew's arms. Drew hugs Zowie even tighter a begins to weep.
40) 0) text: Geoff appears from the garage with his bike and takes off road. A WHISTLE catches his ear. Drew is at the edge of the woods, beckoning for Geoff. Geoff circles around and doubles back.
40) 2) dialog: Zowie's dead. Geoff's heart sinks. An unspoken moment of sympathy passe the boys. Fighting the emotions, Drew finally speaks.
40) 3) dialog: I have to bury him. I don't want to go out there alone. There's such grief in Drew's words that Geoff can't resis glances toward his house to make sure he hasn't been seen blends into the woods.
41) 0) text: Drew carries Zowie's relaxed form in his arms. Geoff is f balancing a pickaxe and shovel. Arriving at the graveyard, Geoff searches the outer perim a vacant stretch of soil. Finding one, he lets the heavy fall to the ground.
41) 2) dialog: I'm not burying him here...
41) 4) dialog: There's a better place... Drew heads for the base of the deadfall, with Zowie in hi
41) 5) dialog: It's back here somewhere, through the Indian woods. I know we can find it... Drew continues up the deadfall, disappearing over the cre Geoff gathers up the shovel and pickaxe and follows after
42) 0) text: Geoff climbs over the peak of the deadfall... Beyond is a dark swamp, A BOG, looking unlike anything on expect in Maine. Tendrils of ground fog swirl about veget that looks almost prehistoric. Gnarled trees rise up from murky earth, blocking the sun from view. Geoff hurries down the other side of the deadfall to catc Drew. Somewhere off in the distance we hear an UNEARTHLY Not a bird. Not any animal known to man. Spectral shapes flicker at the edge of Geoff's vision, si back into the shadows as Geoff tries to focus on them.
42) 2) text: Drew, where are we going? Drew doesn't respond. He continues on without another wor bent on finding this "better place."
42) 4) dialog: This is it... I wasn't sure if it even really existed.
42) 6) dialog: The old Indian burial ground. Geoff's eyes move to the stairway of stones.
42) 8) dialog: What if it's not bullshit? If I bury Zowie there, and it works... (beat)
42) 11) dialog: Look, if there was even one chance in a million it'd work, wouldn't you want to try? Geoff feels for Drew. It's pointless to reason. Drew starts up the stone steps. Geoff has no choice but t
43) 0) text: Even in broad daylight, the flat-topped mesa has a sense foreboding isolation. There's an almost palpable sense of "wrongness" about this place. As if the darkness of a dyi hole was seeping out of the ground and spreading across t Drew and Geoff approach the circle of rocky soil. They st the border, looking it over in eerie silence. Somewhere off in the distance we hear the unearthly SOUND only this time, it's closer.
43) 2) dialog: If this doesn't work... don't ever tell anyone I did this, okay? You gotta promise... Geoff nods and hands over the digging tools. Drew swings pickaxe, sinking it into the ground.
43) 4) dialog: You have to bury your own. That's the way the Indians did it. It's like a rule... Backing away from the burial ground, Geoff takes a seat o at the border of the forest. From there, he watches. Drew alternates the pickaxe and shovel as he clears a hol rocky ground. WE MOVE IN ON GEOFF, who's looking on with skeptical intr the rhythmic SOUND of the tools continues.
43) 7) dialog: What if he really does come back? Geoff shrugs, pondering such a thought. Geoff digs into his pocket and produces a pack of gum, of one to Drew. With only a quick glance away from the grave snatches a piece and he stuffs it into his mouth. Geoff d same. They sit together in silence. Nervously chewing their gum Watching the grave.
43) 8) dialog: I've never had anyone die before... (beat)
45) 2) dialog: (disappointed)
45) 3) text: Yeah... They rise, leaving the burial ground. En route, Drew paus last look at the grave.
45) 4) dialog: So long, Zowie... Geoff follows, glancing back at the burial ground. It loo magical in the twilight, not quite so sinister now.
46) 0) text: Drew is walking home along the road, alone. Headlights blind him as a car approaches. It slows and pu turn, stopping at Drew's side. It's Gus' squad car. He pu the passenger door.
46) 3) dialog: I'm not trying to prove anything. (beat)
50) 0) text: Photos of Drew with Zowie are tacked on the wall above th The one photo of Drew, Amanda and Gus has been altered wi out head of Zowie's pasted on Gus' shoulders. WE FIND Drew below. He's fallen asleep with his Walkman o with his ears covered, the POUNDING at the door jolts him Half asleep, Drew peels off the headphones.
50) 3) dialog: What did I do now?
50) 7) dialog: (a whisper)
50) 11) text: Honey, he should have been looked at this morning. I don't know what you were thinking. It's a wonder he's still alive. Drew gazes into the dog's vacant eyes. It truly is a wond
52) 0) text: Gus, Amanda, Drew and Geoff are gathered around Chase's v
53) 2) dialog: (glaring at Gus)
53) 6) dialog: Can you keep him at your place until he gets better?
53) 9) dialog: He was dead. You know he was. Geoff returns his stare to Zowie.
53) 10) dialog: You can't tell anyone, Geoff. Ever. Geoff looks into Drew's eyes and nods in understanding.
55) 0) text: Chase strips off the bandage over Zowie's rear end. The w gooey and open. Geoff reads the concern in Chase's expression. Drew is ri at Geoff's side, looking on.
55) 1) dialog: What's the deal?
56) 0) text: THE KITTENS ARE HISSING, shrinking to the back of their k Zowie stands motionless before their cage, gazing in at t Geoff and Drew are nearby, putting the finishing touches bedding inside a larger boarding kennel.
56) 2) dialog: You think he'd believe it if he did? One of the kittens SPATS fearfully at Zowie. Geoff turns at Zowie.
56) 4) dialog: (worried)
56) 5) text: Maybe it takes a while... Drew lifts Zowie into the kennel. Geoff secures the door, something that clearly must be done from the outside. Zowie immediately begins to pace back and forth inside th He turns towards us and we...
59) 0) text: Drew is at the bathroom mirror.
59) 3) dialog: (sighs)
59) 4) text: I'll be home, Mom. Don't worry. I won't let Gus blow up again... Amanda looks Drew straight in the eyes.
59) 6) text: Gus isn't that way. He has it in him to love us both. You just have to give him a chance... Drew nods respectfully. Amanda gives him a kiss. Drawing rubs out the lipmarks she's left on his made-up cheek.
60) 0) text: Dark clouds paint the foreboding sky. A broken pulse of l streaks through the dense haze. Abandoning their bikes next to the path, Drew and Geoff a the archway. The graveyard beyond is deathly silent. They pass beneath the archway, entering the clearing. And now, a soft, chilling VOICE drifts over the graves.
62) 6) dialog: His feet POUND down the hallway. Silence for an instant. powerful swing of Drew's door. Followed by Gus' hastened down the hallway. And as he hustles down the stairs...
65) 0) text: The kids quickly scramble for hiding places in the border brush, dropping their beer cans as fast as they can. As Drew leaps to his feet, he upsets the fire, knocking o logs. A FLAMING EMBER rolls to the base of one of the bri crosses. Drew and Geoff run for it.
67) 0) text: Through the thick woods, Drew is flanked by Geoff and Cly
67) 1) dialog: Oh man, he's gonna kick my ass... Drew starts to take off. Clyde trips him on his first str hits the dirt.
67) 9) dialog: cowers on the ground, trying to scramble away. Geoff bolts out into the firelight, staring defiantly at silent accusation. Gus is beyond furious. LIGHTNING flashes again.
67) 13) text: Drew, call him off! All Drew can manage is a faint appeal.
67) 14) dialog: Zowie... Zowie goes for Gus, launching into the air...
67) 16) dialog: ...and sinking his glistening fangs into Gus' neck. AN ERUPTION OF BLOOD showers the closest headstone. Gus comes helplessly tumbling down with the weight of the SCREAMS are suddenly cut short as Zowie rips out his thro arms flail weakly at his sides, then grow still. Drew and Geoff stare at the scene, wide-eyed with shock. Zowie looks up from Gus' neck with dripping, red fangs. F moment, his eyes settle on Drew. Then Zowie bolts off,  disappearing into the night.
67) 17) dialog: Oh, God. Oh, God... Drew's eyes shift to Geoff, whose face is flushed with si fear.
67) 19) text: Is he dead? In dazed shock, Drew moves in for a closer look at the bo Gus' eyes are wide open. Blood is still pumping in rhythm jugular with each weakening beat of his heart. It's a gru image against the roaring fire. Drew kneels at Gus' side. He wants to touch him. To shake awake, but with every attempt, he draws his hand back.
67) 22) dialog: Oh man, Geoff... we killed him... we killed him... (beat)
69) 0) text: Amanda is pacing back and forth on the porch, checking he every few steps. She sighs with relief as... Drew appears from the darkness of the woods. Drew dismounts his bike and carries it up the front porch strangely silent. His clothes and face are caked with dir
69) 3) text: Drew? Drew, what happened?
69) 4) dialog: (trying not to lose it)
69) 5) text: Nothing happened, Mom. We just ditched Gus, that's all... Drew pauses and stares out into the unknown darkness of t
72) 0) text: MOVING IN ON the house, WE SINGLE OUT a rain-obscured win the ground floor, the window to Drew's bedroom.
73) 0) text: Drew is sound asleep, curled up under the sheets. He clut pillow like a life preserver.
74) 0) text: Drew steadies his quivering fingers just enough to sink t into the deadbolt on the back door. Drawing the CREAKING open, he gazes out back.
74) 1) dialog: (scared shitless)
74) 2) text: Gus? Nothing moves outside. The longer Drew watches, the more each shadow becomes. Spooked, Drew steps back inside, qui closing the door. He locks it back up again. When he turns around, he's face to face with GUS. Drew stiffens, backing into the wall.
74) 3) dialog: H-how'd you get in? Gus offers a nightmarish grin and raises his hand, dangli keys.
74) 6) text: I need a shower... Gus turns without another word and heads for the stairs. Drew's mouth drops in utter astonishment as he watches Gu clumsily climbing the stairs. After a moment, he returns his attention to the bloody ki floor. Tearing off a wad of paper towels, he wets them an to mop up Gus' tracks.
76) 0) text: Geoff is riding along the highway, his backpack full of s books. Drew is waiting on the shoulder ahead. When Geoff  approaches, Drew hops on his bike, getting up to speed.
76) 3) dialog: Picture this... Gus comes down to breakfast and he doesn't say a word. He even kind of smiles, like he forgot he hates me. And then you know what he does? He serves me an extra helping of pancakes... (beat)
76) 5) dialog: It's weird...
76) 7) dialog: It's like he's not Gus anymore. He's different. You know, like Zowie... They share a chuckle that ends in silent uneasiness.
82) 0) text: Clyde, Stevie, and Brad are loitering near the front bike Clyde's smoking away. As Geoff and Drew come out of the school, the trio moves intercept them.
82) 2) dialog: Saved by the bell... Chase hurriedly rolls down the passenger window as Geoff approach.
82) 5) text: Listen, Drew, I got the tests back on Zowie. He's not well. Don't ask me how, but he got out this afternoon... Geoff and Drew exchange concerned looks.
86) 0) text: Gus reaches into the cage and grabs a rabbit by the ears. casually snaps the neck. Laying the limp carcass on a stu cutting board, he quickly skins it. Hanging above the cages, there is now a line of furry pel a dozen. Drew and Geoff are on the porch, looking on.
86) 1) dialog: I guess we're having rabbit for dinner. Gus hangs the freshly skinned fur to dry and violently sn another hare from the cage.
87) 0) text: The dinner from Hell. Geoff splats a helping of mashed po onto his plate, all the while keeping a wary eye on Gus.. Gus is serving himself a chunk of rabbit. It hits the edg plate, teetering on the rim. He passes the dish on. Gus meets Geoff's gaze. For a moment, there's a deadened, look in Gus' eyes. Then slowly, a limp smile creeps over sending a chill up Geoff's spine. Geoff averts Gus' stare. Gus helps himself to potatoes an the plate on. He lets go of it short of reaching Drew. On quick hands save it from hitting the table. Amanda comes to the table with a dish of LIMA BEANS. She a cold, hateful stare and sets the limas down. She's stil over last night. Gus dishes a sloppy scoop and passes it toward Drew. Like he lets it drop too early. This time Drew doesn't save it lima beans shower the floor.
88) 0) text: Geoff and Drew enter. Drew swiftly secures the deadbolts door.
88) 2) dialog: I don't know but I'm not taking any chances... Drew opens the chest at the foot of his bed and produces SHOTGUN. A box full of shells spill as he withdraws the g Cracking open the chamber, Drew loads two shells into the
97) 0) text: Geoff and Drew have parked their bikes beneath the bridge sit on the bank of the creek below, watching the water ru Geoff is lost in thought.
97) 2) dialog: I don't know... (thinking)
97) 5) text: Dies? Drew nods. He tosses a stone into the creek, then looks u sun and sighs.
97) 6) dialog: I gotta go back and do my chores...
97) 8) dialog: I can't. Gus'd kill me if I showed up late. The boys reluctantly rise and move to their bikes, walkin the steep grade to the highway.
97) 9) dialog: See you at school Monday? Geoff nods. He looks at Drew. The boy is genuinely fright there's nothing either of them can do. They're trapped in roles as kids. Both boys mount their bikes. Drew turns...
97) 10) dialog: You ever think about running away?
97) 12) dialog: (calling back)
99) 0) text: Drew rushes through the front door, SLAMMING it behind hi throwing the deadbolt.
100) 0) text: Drew climbs onto his bed and grabs his shotgun from the g His fingers shake as he flips off the safety.
100) 1) dialog: Oh man... Just then we hear the CRACKLE of a POLICE P.A. and Gus' a VOICE coming from the yard outside.
100) 3) text: This is the Police, come out of the house with your hands up! Gus finishes his words with a burst of FEEDBACK and then MANIACAL LAUGHTER. Drew's eyes go wide with terror. He creeps out into the h clutching the gun.
101) 0) text: Drew tries to look out the window. Then we hear a low, gu GROWL. Drew slowly turns... Zowie is standing down the hall, leveling a dead stare. Z takes the first step forward.
101) 1) dialog: (horrified)
101) 2) text: No, Zowie! It's me! Pleading, Drew slowly retreats down the hallway. Along the way, he backs right into... GUS, grinning from ear to ear. Drew recoils against the wall, swinging up his shotgun.
101) 3) dialog: Stay back! But Gus just keeps on grinning. He takes a step forward.. Drew pulls the trigger... And CLICK! Nothing happens. The chambers are empty.
101) 9) text: ...while I bash your fucking head in! Drew's eyes dart frantically, looking for a way out. The route of escape is UP THE STAIRS. Down the hallway, Zowie starts running forward. Drew's ca between a rock and a hard place...
102) 0) text: Drew throws the latch on the door. Almost immediately, Gu outside, POUNDING at the door with the claw end of the ha Wood splinters fly as the hammer claw sinks through... Drew SCREAMS and goes for one of the dormer windows. It's he can't get it open. From the hallway, Gus violently SMASHES the door again an The door is splintering apart. WE SEE glimpses of Gus thr ragged holes.
103) 0) text: Drew slides down the slant of the roof. He hits the latti takes it to the ground with him. Untangling himself, he gets to his feet... ...and here comes Amanda, ARRIVING HOME. Drew runs for her car, waving his hands, throwing himself path so she'll go no further. She SLAMS on the brakes. Drew pulls open the passenger door and dives inside...
103) 1) dialog: Gus killed Clyde, Mom! He's trying to kill me! Just then, the BACK DOOR flies open. Gus steps out.
103) 3) dialog: Go Mom! Go!!! That's all the convincing Amanda needs. She puts the car reverse and stomps on the gas...
104) 0) text: Speeding down the highway. Drew and Amanda are mortified. Suddenly, we hear the WAIL of Gus' patrol car coming up f behind. Amanda looks to the rear-view mirror...
106) 1) dialog: Mom!!! Gus cranks the wheel, jumping back onto the road, forcing car into the path of the oncoming truck.
111) 0) text: Marjorie is preparing dinner. Across the room, the kitche playing... ON TELEVISION is the evening news. A photo of Drew and Am appears above the NEWSCASTER.
118) 7) text: He put your wife in his truck and drove off right through Amanda and Drew's headstones... The caretaker points across the hillside... TIRE TRACKS cut through the manicured grass, cutting a pa destruction right through the field of headstones and on the fence.