6) 4) dialog: (drawing near)
6) 6) dialog: Hey! What did I just say? Gus means business. One look into his eyes reveals his in nonsense approach.
6) 11) dialog: Did she always have reporters following her around like this?
6) 13) dialog: I hear you moved into town.
6) 15) dialog: I remember when Renee left. She couldn't wait to get out of Ludlow. She used to say that life moved too slow here... Chase forces a smile.
6) 17) dialog: I suppose so. The sky above seems heavy with imminent rain and we...
16) 2) dialog: Hell, he thought it was lunch. How ya doin', Chase? (a handshake)
16) 8) dialog: Damn dog stuck his nose in on my rabbits and they ganged up on him. I swear that dog's an idiot.
16) 11) dialog: When I was young I thought cats were the girls and dogs were the boys.
16) 13) dialog: Not our home. Chase takes the light out of Zowie's eyes. He looks to Gu
16) 15) dialog: --Drew, he's your dog. Are you listening to this? Chase turns to Drew and continues...
16) 17) dialog: (to Chase)
16) 20) dialog: It's a small town, Chase. Gus laughs and claps Chase on the shoulder.
16) 21) dialog: Hey Geoff, did you know your mother and I used to be high- school sweethearts? Geoff is surprised at this. Surprised and annoyed. Tact i quality that Gus possesses in abundance.
16) 23) dialog: (nodding)
26) 4) text: ...but I happen to be out of them at the moment. Drew shakes his head, disgusted he has to put up with Cly antics.
28) 6) text: I couldn't handle not having my mom around. Just having Gus... He grimaces at the thought.
30) 0) text: CRUDE CAGES HOUSE DOZENS OF RABBITS. Situated alongside t garage. A sign above the cages reads: PET RABBITS - $10.0 positioned along the roof threaten to reveal foul play. Gus is rigging a wire along the base of the cage. Finishing it off, he hangs the plug next to an outside so Moving onto the next chore, he pours pressed alfalfa pell feeding slots for the hungry rabbits. Setting the feed aside, he takes a seat. Opening one of t he grabs a rabbit and sets it on his lap, gently petting fur. One of the cages starts to vibrate. Gus gives it a look: A PAIR OF RABBITS aren't interested eating, they're joined in fast and furious passion. Gus gets a chuckle out of the sight.
30) 1) dialog: Way to go, Romeo... Gus replaces the rabbit in the hutch. And before he goes, THE PLUG INTO THE SOCKET. An ELECTRICAL CHARGE dances alo base of the cage, a deterrent for intruders.
31) 0) text: Drew's mother, AMANDA, withdraws a roast from the oven. Gus is at the sink, washing his hands. He turns to see Zo laying at Drew's feet in the living room. Drew is watchin VIDEO on TV.
31) 1) dialog: Drew, I don't remember inviting Zowie in for dinner.
33) 0) text: Amanda's about to put the roast on the table when Gus nuz behind her, breathing down her backside. With his drink i he sweeps her hair aside and zeros in for a kiss on the b the neck. Gus eases his free hand around between Amanda and the cou presses his palm firmly into her crotch, drawing her body him. She stiffens at his intimate hold, uncomfortable with his
33) 2) dialog: God damn, you're good. Drew rolls his eyes and takes his seat at the table, retu attention to the TV, where another MUSIC VIDEO is on. Gus glances at the TV, annoyed by the MUSIC. He drops int spot at the head of the table, blocking Drew's view. Drew the side for a better look. Gus takes notice and leans to side to obstruct his view.
33) 3) dialog: You're breaking the law here, Drew.
33) 5) dialog: Your mom's spent the last hour cooking. Stop being a little jerk and show her some appreciation. Drew aims the remote control at Gus, as if to shut him up silences the TV. Amanda approaches with the roast. The moment it's on the Drew starts dishing up a hefty serving. Gus spears Drew's with the serving fork.
33) 6) dialog: Not that much appreciation. I thought we were gonna tone down that flabby ass.
33) 9) dialog: (to Drew, quietly)
35) 0) text: In the still of the night, Gus' rabbit pens sit unattende then WE HEAR the tinkling of dog tags. Snoozing rabbits a Zowie lumbers INTO FRAME. Zowie rises on his hind legs, pressing his paws to a cage sparks fly as Zowie is jolted with the electrical charge.
36) 0) text: The ELECTRICAL ZING. The dog's whimpering CRY. And the RI BELLS reach Gus in rapid succession, rousting him from hi He rolls out of bed and grabs his robe.
36) 1) dialog: Damn it, Drew. That dog is history! Amanda stirs, groggily focusing on Gus' departing figure.
37) 0) text: Drew swings open the door to the hallway as Gus marches b stuffing shells into a shotgun. Panicked, Drew takes off him.
38) 0) text: Zowie swings his head in the direction of the house as Gu through the back door. Drew is one step behind. Gus swings the gun up and fires off a SHOT. Zowie bolts for the shadows of the hillside. Drew rushes in and deflects the aim of the rifle.
38) 2) dialog: What, Drew? What did you say?! Gus throws Drew aside, brings the rifle back up and FIRES random shot after the fleeing dog. All the while, his eye on Drew, as if this were the boy's lesson to be learned. He squeezes off one more SHOT... A PAINED YELP echoes from the hillside. Zowie's yelp. Drew whips his head aside in sickened shock. Even Gus is by the unexpected hit. All they can hear now are Zowie's WHIMPERING CRIES dimini the night. Drew shoots Gus a look of such unbridled hatred that Gus speechless. He backs away from Gus and darts off toward t hillside. When Gus turns back for the house, Amanda is standing the
38) 4) dialog: Ah, come on, Amanda, stop looking at me like that. He's had ample warning about that dog. Amanda glares at him, an outpouring of pent-up strain. Gus defiantly marches past Amanda, entering the house wit meeting eyes with her.
46) 0) text: Drew is walking home along the road, alone. Headlights blind him as a car approaches. It slows and pu turn, stopping at Drew's side. It's Gus' squad car. He pu the passenger door.
46) 1) dialog: Get in. Drew takes a step back, shaking his head.
46) 2) dialog: Your momma's worried sick over you. You take off in the middle of the night, you don't show up for school. What're you trying to prove?
46) 4) text: I was burying my dog. Gus turns his eyes away, focusing on the dark road ahead.
46) 5) dialog: Life is full of lessons. No one's above it. Not you. Not me... Now get in the car. After a moment, Drew approaches the car. Without another drives off.
48) 0) text: Amanda wakens with a start. She rises, eyes focusing on t bedroom. Gus is sound asleep next to her. Then, from outs faintly hear ZOWIE'S SCRATCHING. Slowly, Amanda rises from bed, pulling on a bathrobe as s for the door.
50) 0) text: Photos of Drew with Zowie are tacked on the wall above th The one photo of Drew, Amanda and Gus has been altered wi out head of Zowie's pasted on Gus' shoulders. WE FIND Drew below. He's fallen asleep with his Walkman o with his ears covered, the POUNDING at the door jolts him Half asleep, Drew peels off the headphones.
50) 1) dialog: Drew, you unlock this door! Right now!
50) 5) dialog: Where do you come off lying like that? "I'm burying my dog." You think a lie like that's never gonna catch up to you? Drew backs into the bed, taking a seat. Amanda comes through the door, and behind her is...
50) 9) dialog: Say your goodbyes. Zowie's going outside. You're grounded, buddy. That's the new law. Drew lifts his hand from stroking Zowie's fur. His palm i with muddy blood.
52) 0) text: Gus, Amanda, Drew and Geoff are gathered around Chase's v
59) 4) text: I'll be home, Mom. Don't worry. I won't let Gus blow up again... Amanda looks Drew straight in the eyes.
59) 6) text: Gus isn't that way. He has it in him to love us both. You just have to give him a chance... Drew nods respectfully. Amanda gives him a kiss. Drawing rubs out the lipmarks she's left on his made-up cheek.
61) 0) text: Gus' squad car slows to a stop outside. Gus swings open t and ambles toward the porch.
62) 2) dialog: Nope. Just ran out of smokes. Gus opens a kitchen drawer and fishes for a pack of cigar fires one up.
62) 3) dialog: Where's the boy? Amanda squirms.
62) 5) dialog: 
62) 7) dialog: God damn it, Amanda! You want me to be a father to the boy, and as soon as I lay down the law, you let him break it! Gus stops before Amanda.
62) 8) dialog: Where is he? One step away from terror, Amanda shakes her head. Gus lo patience. He rips the can of beer from her grip and sends flying across the room.
62) 9) dialog: 
63) 0) text: Wheels spin as Gus' squad car streaks off into the night. cherry top glows to life, bombarding the countryside.
66) 0) text: Gus moves quickly up the meandering path, sending the bli beam of his flashlight over the graves.
66) 1) dialog: You boys better not be drinking!
67) 3) dialog: Drew, you get your ass out here! Front and center! Geoff pulls Drew to his feet. Gus passes the flashlight over the woods. Kids duck away, retreating from their hiding places... The flashlight sweeps toward Drew. Drew freezes, spotlighted by Gus' beam. A burst of LIGHTN floods Drew's horrified face.
67) 4) dialog: Get out here, Joker. Geoff remains frozen in the woods nearby, out of Gus' lig Behind Gus, the wooden cross is completely on fire now.
67) 5) dialog: You out here making a fool of me? Drew shakes his head in instant denial.
67) 6) dialog: I'm warning you, buddy! You don't play by the rules, I'm gonna shadow your ass for eternity! Drew makes a break from his spot in the woods. He weaves the markers, arcing around the outer perimeter to avoid G ...but Gus is quicker. He zigzags through the crosses and headstones to intercept Drew. Gus gets a handful of Drew's collar and yanks him in.
67) 7) dialog: You little shit! Gus draws his free arm back and smacks Drew across the fa goes down.
67) 10) dialog: You get out of here, Geoff Matthews! This is between me and my boy! Geoff doesn't move. Gus starts to advance forward... ...but the GROWL emanating from the woods gives him pause Everyone turns... A RUSTLING is heard in the bushes, and Zowie emerges into building firelight, flashing his fangs at Gus. His eyes G Gus freezes, studying Zowie. Zowie inches forward, poised for the attack.
67) 11) dialog: Call off your dog, Drew. Drew shifts his eyes from Zowie to Gus, too terrified to a command. Zowie brushes past Drew and Geoff, moving in on Gus. Gus' eyes shift to burning cross at his side. With a swif he kicks over the cross and presses it into his grip. Swinging the cross like a primitive weapon, Gus connects side of Zowie's head. Zowie spins a full circle from the impact. But he lands o fours. Unphased. Taking the next step toward Gus. There's something clearly not of this world in Zowie's vicious st
67) 12) dialog: (terrified)
67) 15) dialog: 
67) 19) text: Is he dead? In dazed shock, Drew moves in for a closer look at the bo Gus' eyes are wide open. Blood is still pumping in rhythm jugular with each weakening beat of his heart. It's a gru image against the roaring fire. Drew kneels at Gus' side. He wants to touch him. To shake awake, but with every attempt, he draws his hand back.
68) 0) text: Three quick shots: A SHOVEL sinking into the earth. GUS falling head down into the grave, landing with a heav SOIL covering Gus' lifeless face.
69) 5) text: Nothing happened, Mom. We just ditched Gus, that's all... Drew pauses and stares out into the unknown darkness of t
73) 1) dialog: Drew! Drew's eyes flutter open. He turns towards the window. No hears some activity outside. And then Gus' hushed voice.
73) 2) dialog: Drew, buddy. I lost my keys. Drew goes saucer-eyed. He swallows the swelling lump in h and rises from his bed.
74) 2) text: Gus? Nothing moves outside. The longer Drew watches, the more each shadow becomes. Spooked, Drew steps back inside, qui closing the door. He locks it back up again. When he turns around, he's face to face with GUS. Drew stiffens, backing into the wall.
74) 4) dialog: Found 'em. Drew's eyes follow a flow of blood from Gus' neck to the Gus looks down at his dirty, bloody footprints. He's trac all over the linoleum.
74) 5) dialog: I'm makin' a mess of your mother's kitchen floor... (beat)
74) 6) text: I need a shower... Gus turns without another word and heads for the stairs. Drew's mouth drops in utter astonishment as he watches Gu clumsily climbing the stairs. After a moment, he returns his attention to the bloody ki floor. Tearing off a wad of paper towels, he wets them an to mop up Gus' tracks.
75) 0) text: Gus enters from the steamy bathroom. The shower is still Amanda stirs, sleepy eyes focusing on him.
75) 3) text: ...and you smell! Lord, what did you get yourself into? It's then that Amanda sees the bandage around Gus' neck. seeping through the gauze.
86) 0) text: Gus reaches into the cage and grabs a rabbit by the ears. casually snaps the neck. Laying the limp carcass on a stu cutting board, he quickly skins it. Hanging above the cages, there is now a line of furry pel a dozen. Drew and Geoff are on the porch, looking on.
87) 0) text: The dinner from Hell. Geoff splats a helping of mashed po onto his plate, all the while keeping a wary eye on Gus.. Gus is serving himself a chunk of rabbit. It hits the edg plate, teetering on the rim. He passes the dish on. Gus meets Geoff's gaze. For a moment, there's a deadened, look in Gus' eyes. Then slowly, a limp smile creeps over sending a chill up Geoff's spine. Geoff averts Gus' stare. Gus helps himself to potatoes an the plate on. He lets go of it short of reaching Drew. On quick hands save it from hitting the table. Amanda comes to the table with a dish of LIMA BEANS. She a cold, hateful stare and sets the limas down. She's stil over last night. Gus dishes a sloppy scoop and passes it toward Drew. Like he lets it drop too early. This time Drew doesn't save it lima beans shower the floor.
98) 7) text: Jesus Christ, Gus! Gus levels a threatening gaze at Geoff.
98) 8) dialog: Go home. But Geoff remains frozen. Gus fixes him with a stare that turn flesh to stone.
98) 9) dialog: I said... GO HOME!! Geoff snaps out of it and flips his bike over. He gets a start, making a beeline for the highway without ever look
98) 13) text: What're you gonna do? Give me a ticket? I mean, shit, Gus... Clyde grows increasingly wary of Gus' evil stare. Gus ste closer.
98) 16) dialog: I'm just fucking with you... Gus plants his foot against Clyde's chest, pinning him, a the spinning rear wheel TOWARD CLYDE'S NECK. The wheel WH a circular saw. Gus lowers the wheel. Then jerks it away, flashing a sadi smile. Just when Clyde thinks Gus is backing off, the wheel come again...
98) 18) text: Stop it, man! Stop it!!! Gus gets into the rhythm as he lowers and retracts the sp wheel at the terrified bully. But this time, as the wheel comes down... CLYDE'S WOOL SCARF, defying gravity, gets swept up, swall the GEARS. And along with the scarf, here comes Clyde's SCREAMING fa can only imagine the gruesome instant that follows. BLOOD sprays up over Gus' arms and chest. And then we hea sound of CRUNCHING BONES jamming the motorcycle's gears.
98) 19) dialog: (dead-pan)
100) 2) dialog: (mocking)
100) 3) text: This is the Police, come out of the house with your hands up! Gus finishes his words with a burst of FEEDBACK and then MANIACAL LAUGHTER. Drew's eyes go wide with terror. He creeps out into the h clutching the gun.
101) 2) text: No, Zowie! It's me! Pleading, Drew slowly retreats down the hallway. Along the way, he backs right into... GUS, grinning from ear to ear. Drew recoils against the wall, swinging up his shotgun.
101) 4) dialog: Forget something, Drew buddy? Gus raises his hand. He's holding the shotgun shells. He fall to the floor. Suddenly Gus wrenches the gun from Drew's hands. He swing and... ...Drew SCREAMS and ducks beneath the blow, as the shotgu SMASHES a hole in the wall above his head. Gus flings the aside and LUNGES for Drew... Drew races down the hallway to the back door. He turns th The deadbolt has been locked from the inside. Drew's eyes whip to the keyholder on the wall. All the ke are empty. Here comes the JINGLING of keys in Gus' pockets as he com the hall... Drew dashes away from the back door. Gus' eyes shift from Drew's fleeing form to A BOX OF TOOL service closet.
101) 6) dialog: (crazed)
101) 7) text: You have the right to remain silent... WHAM! Gus SMASHES the hammer into the wall to punctuate h Plaster goes flying.
101) 8) dialog: (continuing)
101) 10) dialog: You have the right to a lawyer, but you won't need one... He runs for it. Gus charges to intercept him... Drew gets to the stairs first.
101) 11) dialog: ...cause you'll be dead! WHAM! Gus brings the hammer down with the claw end leadin sinks into the stair below Drew's feet... Zowie LEAPS past Gus, tearing up the stairs as Gus wrench hammer free...
102) 0) text: Drew throws the latch on the door. Almost immediately, Gu outside, POUNDING at the door with the claw end of the ha Wood splinters fly as the hammer claw sinks through... Drew SCREAMS and goes for one of the dormer windows. It's he can't get it open. From the hallway, Gus violently SMASHES the door again an The door is splintering apart. WE SEE glimpses of Gus thr ragged holes.
102) 1) dialog: Do you understand these rights, Drew buddy?! Drew grabs a chair and HEAVES it through the window...
102) 2) dialog: 
103) 2) dialog: Drew, buddy! Daddy's not done yet! Amanda spots the hammer hanging from his grip. Gus cracks smile and FLINGS THE HAMMER at the car... CRACK! The hammer bounces off the windshield, causing it spiderweb.
104) 0) text: Speeding down the highway. Drew and Amanda are mortified. Suddenly, we hear the WAIL of Gus' patrol car coming up f behind. Amanda looks to the rear-view mirror...
106) 0) text: Amanda hips her head back in front of them. The potato tr blaring its HORN. Gus' car swerves out onto the shoulder, speeding up to ma pace.
118) 4) text: Gus did this?!
122) 1) dialog: is standing in the center of the burial ground. He's HUMM mimicking Renee's feminine tone. Now he stops and slowly regarding Geoff with dead eyes. He's holding a pickaxe an at his side. Gus looks to the ground at his side. Geoff follows his ga
122) 3) dialog: You bury your own, Geoff. Geoff slowly nods and approaches, seduced beyond reason.
127) 2) dialog: standing in a swath of light. At Gus' feet is Zowie, tong lolling out of his mouth. Dead for the second time. Scatt around the dog are various tools. Propped against the wall is the cut out square of wood. I fitted with hinges at the top.
127) 4) dialog: (dead-pan)
127) 7) dialog: (grins)
127) 8) text: A little drilling. A little killing. As Gus moves forward, Chase gets a good look at him for t time. He doesn't look even remotely alive.
127) 10) dialog: God I hate when that happens... Before Chase can squeeze off the next round, Gus rips the his grip...
127) 11) dialog: You got a permit for that? Opening the chamber, Gus empties the remaining bullets an the gun aside.
127) 12) dialog: Didn't think so. Gus fires up the drill. The bit spinZZZZZZ. He DIVES at C knocking him back against the counter. The drill bit SINK CHASE'S ARM... Chase SCREAMS as Gus withdraws it. Now, he presses it int shoulder. Chase is on the verge of blacking out now. The unbearable... Gus withdraws the drill once again, aiming now for Chase'
127) 13) dialog: (maniacal)
127) 14) text: No brain, no pain, Chase. Think about it... The whirling drill bit is millimeters away from Chase's e clutches Gus' arm, trying to force the drill aside... At the last second, adrenaline kicks in and Chase diverts drill. It SINKS INTO the counter-top nearby... STUCK. Gus ROARS, lashing out, but Chase manages to duck away... Chase catches sight of HIS GUN on the floor. He scrambles scooping it up... BULLETS are rolling across the floor every which way. Cha his palm down on one and desperately fumbles with the cha Gus' hands CLAMP DOWN around Chase's neck. He swings Chas and SLAMS him against the wall, lifting him off his feet. Chase GASPS as the life is literally crushed out of him.. He brings the gun up beneath Gus' chin and jams it into h throat. Gus just keeps on throttling him...
127) 15) dialog: (insane)
127) 16) text: Just remember, Chase... I had Renee first... and now I'm gonna have her last... BLAM! The top of Gus' head BLOWS off. His BODY is thrown the incredible force, tumbling him to the kitchen floor w HEAVY THUD. Chase sucks in precious air, then his head snaps up.