7) 0) text: Lazy oaks embrace a vintage, two-story Victorian home in neighborhood of Ludlow, Maine. A commercial MOVING VAN is out front. Marjorie, the girl we saw at Renee's funeral, is coming d sidewalk. She checks the address on the front of the hous heads up the driveway.
8) 5) dialog: Hi. I'm Marjorie Hargrove. Your new housekeeper. Marjorie has a naive, friendly quality about her. She's a blessed with eye-popping genetics. Standing there outside door, looking more than a little nervous... we can't help her. Needless to say, she doesn't look like your typical  housekeeper.
8) 6) dialog: (re: Chase's reaction)
8) 9) dialog: I'm real excited about working for you Mr. Matthews...
8) 11) dialog: I've always admired Ms. Hallow. That scene she did in Blue Midnight, where her lover meets her at the train station... (she sighs)
8) 12) text: I must've watched that movie four times. Chase smiles. Marjorie's enthusiasm is endearing. Just then, one of the movers loses his grip. A garment bo down the slope of the stairs. When it reaches the bottom, spill over the floor.
8) 13) dialog: Oh. I'll get that... Marjorie moves for the spill. The first dress she touches beaded peach evening gown. Her fingers linger on the fabr
8) 14) dialog: This is gorgeous. She wore this at the Emmys, didn't she? Geoff moves forward, acting overly defensive.
16) 18) text: I hear you've got Marjorie Hargrove working for you now.
29) 0) text: Marjorie is at the stove, fixing up dinner, while Chase s newspaper at the table. Geoff enters through the kitchen door. He moves past them a word.
29) 5) dialog: Now is that any way to talk to your father? Geoff stops for a moment, turns...
58) 0) text: Marjorie and Geoff are at the kitchen table with the remn dinner. Geoff is doing last-minute touches on his costume Marjorie looks over his costume. He's got a hockey mask p back onto the top of his head.
58) 1) dialog: So who're you going as, Wayne Gretzky? For effect, Geoff slips the hockey mask down over his fac answering.
58) 3) dialog: Jason? Who's he play for?
58) 9) dialog: He's probably going up to the Pet Sematary. Kids've been going out there on Halloween night for years.
58) 11) dialog: Oh, you know... drink beer, tell ghost stories. They try and spook each other out, talking about zombies and things... (she shrugs)
95) 0) text: Chase is bare-chested at the mirror, applying a dressing dog bite on his shoulder. Marjorie appears in the doorway with a basket of laundry. stops short at the sight of Chase standing there in his b Chase catches her reflection in the mirror and is startle
95) 1) dialog: I didn't mean to... I was going to empty the hamper... Chase turns, shaking off the scare.
95) 3) dialog: What happened to you?
95) 5) dialog: You sure did... Marjorie sets the laundry aside.
95) 6) dialog: Here, let me do that... Marjorie looks over the antiseptics Chase has laid out on sink. Saturating a wad of gauze with hydrogen peroxide, s cleanses the gashes on his arms. There's nothing overtly sexual in her actions, but the ge of her touch doesn't go unnoticed by Chase.
95) 7) dialog: I hope he doesn't have rabies.
95) 10) dialog: Did you ever play that game where you pass a story down a row of people and see how screwed up it gets by the time it's done? People say Louis Creed's son came back from the dead and it drove him crazy... (she rolls her eyes)
95) 11) text: He killed his wife and himself, and that's the end of story. Anything else belongs in the National Enquirer. Marjorie tapes the bandage over Chase's shoulder too tigh Chase's groan snaps her back to the reality at hand.
95) 12) dialog: Sorry. Now tell me what that has to do with Zowie? Chase closes his eyes, shutting out the pain.
111) 0) text: Marjorie is preparing dinner. Across the room, the kitche playing... ON TELEVISION is the evening news. A photo of Drew and Am appears above the NEWSCASTER.
111) 2) dialog: Those poor people. I saw Gus this morning... he looked terrible. Chase pulls his eyes away from the broadcast as Marjorie dinner on the table. Chase yells upstairs.
112) 12) dialog: (outside the attic door)
113) 3) text: Marjorie, I need you to stay late. Geoff is really upset and I have to take care of this. Don't let him leave the house, alright? Chase is out the door before she has a chance to respond.
115) 0) text: Geoff looks into the living room as he passes. Marjorie h asleep on the sofa with the TV on.
123) 0) text: Marjorie stirs on the couch, blinking her eyes open at th of a THUD upstairs. Otherwise, the house is dark and sile
123) 1) dialog: Geoff?
124) 0) text: Marjorie starts up the long, dark flight of stairs to the The thin night-shirt she's wearing does little to protect the sudden cold. She clutches herself, shivering.
124) 1) dialog: Geoff? You okay up there?
125) 0) text: Marjorie cautiously pushes open the door. Her concern for forgotten as she beholds the Renee Hallow memorabilia. She moves about Renee's unpacked belongings in bewildered reverence. The gauzy curtains billow about Marjorie like ghosts. And glimpses something beyond the curtains...
129) 0) text: Marjorie is now seated before Renee's theatrical make-up entranced. She's wearing the beaded peach dress. With the help of Renee's vast array of cosmetics, Marjori turned herself into a stunning beauty. The lipstick isn't quite right. Turning to the countertop magnifying mirror, she carefully touches up her ruby red face fills nearly the entire mirror... ...except for one rim, which reflects the dark, shadowy a behind her. A HUGE EYE joins her reflection in the distorting mirror. nearly jumps out of her skin. She spins around...
129) 1) dialog: Jesus, Geoff! Don't sneak up on me like that! ...but no one is there. THE MAKE-UP MIRROR catches another glimpse. Renee's RED L magnified tenfold. The lips begin to move...
129) 3) text: Did you really think you could be like me? Renee's fist swings in, SMASHING a panel of the mirror... Marjorie raises her hands to protect herself against the glass. And as her hands come down, she finds... Renee standing before her. Her ghostly form silhouetted b moonlight. Curtains billowing around her. We never fully Marjorie's face goes white with fear.
134) 1) dialog: Slumped against Renee's bed like a ragdoll. We can only s of her face. It looks untouched. Chase reaches for her...