1) 5) text: Cut! Thank you, Renee. Can we throw some light on the set?
2) 4) dialog: This is great, I could've spent four months on a romantic comedy with Warren Beatty, and instead, I've got a horny zombie trying to cop a feel! The crew members LAUGH. She's well-liked on the set. Rene Wardrobe and make-up personnel move in to adjust Renee's  appearance.
2) 5) dialog: Uhgh, there's water everywhere... (beat)
2) 6) text: Can I get a cigarette? The MAKE-UP GIRL pulls a pack of cigarettes from her fann and offers Renee one. In a flash, a P.A. appears with a l Renee mumbles "thanks" as she fires up. She squints her e trying to see past the set lights.
2) 7) dialog: (calling out)
2) 11) dialog: How long have you been here?
2) 13) dialog: (casually)
2) 17) dialog: I miss him too...
2) 18) dialog: (continuing)
2) 21) dialog: (affectionate)
2) 22) text: You know everything, don't you? Renee and Geoff are interrupted by a CREWMEMBER who's spr "atmosphere" about the set with a hand-held smoke machine coughs. Off-set, the FIRST A.D. is trying to get the show on the
2) 25) dialog: Yep. Renee kisses Geoff on the forehead. He takes the cigarett her and moves off the set, standing near the camera. The director turns back toward Renee.
2) 27) dialog: That's what you said the first time... Renee turns and heads back toward the stairs. A P.A. hand new lantern. As she reaches the stairs, the house lights creating the proper atmosphere once again.
2) 39) dialog: It's awful. She shakes, her SMOKING HANDS frozen to the i railing by the electricity running through her... Suddenly, Renee falls forward against the iron. Her face SMOKE AND SINGE... The lights CONTINUE TO BLOW, casting a strobic effect ove soundstage, adding to the chaos.
4) 0) text: A blur of activity converges on the movie set. A TRIO OF  PARAMEDICS. A FIRE OFFICIAL. A POLICE OFFICER. Medical eq Horrified crewmembers watch on, helpless. WE STAY ON Geoff, momentarily blocked out and then reveal and again, amidst the commotion of paramedics scrambling Renee. The director has his hand on Geoff's shoulder. Geoff's eyes dart about, taking it all in. Things are hap very fast: --Renee's hand is lifted. Someone checking her pulse. --H eyelids parted. A pen light flashing at her fixed pupils.
6) 2) text: THE HEADSTONE is adorned with an iron plaque. It reads, s RENEE HALLOW MATTHEWS 1955-1991
7) 0) text: Lazy oaks embrace a vintage, two-story Victorian home in neighborhood of Ludlow, Maine. A commercial MOVING VAN is out front. Marjorie, the girl we saw at Renee's funeral, is coming d sidewalk. She checks the address on the front of the hous heads up the driveway.
8) 0) text: Moving boxes clutter the downstairs. Chase is weaving through the maze, doing an inventory on boxes. A sweaty PAIR OF MOVERS are climbing up the stairs. Each hunched  over, with a garment box balanced on his back. T of each carton is boldly labeled: RENEE - ATTIC.
51) 0) text: Chase enters and stops in the doorway. Geoff sits in front of the television with a pile of vide next to him. He's scanning through Renee's old movies wit remote. The sound has been turned down and the effect is eerie.
51) 3) text: Geoff... Geoff doesn't respond. He's captivated by Renee. Chase moves into the room.
90) 0) text: Chase sits in the den, looking exhausted and disheveled. of him, the t.v. is on. RENEE'S FACE stares out at us. Ch the remote and rises, moving to the back door. He checks the deadbolt, then secures the chain link as a From somewhere outside, we hear a DOG HOWL. Chase's eyes drop to the DOGGY DOOR, a holdover from the owner. Chase bends down and latches the door. Now he pauses at his desk... considers... then pulls some of the bottom drawer. It's a gun.
92) 0) text: Coming through the door from the downstairs, Chase stops RENEE is on the bed. Clothed in a negligee. Lying across of rose petals. Her eyes meet his with powerful longing.
92) 1) dialog: Chase. I miss you so much...
92) 3) text: Renee... Chase approaches. Slowly. Fearful that this is all a drea Renee reaches out her hand. They touch. This is not a dre
92) 5) dialog: (a whisper)
112) 0) text: Chase pushes open the door. A spring coil pulls the CREAK closed behind him. One look at the attic and Chase turns A huge window at the far end of the room allows the moonl reach all corners of the spacious old attic... All of Renee's belongings have been unpacked. The entire been converted into a museum-like room, down to the last  meticulous detail. A room in preparation for Renee's retu Gauzy curtains billow out from some unseen draft. Picture Renee rest everywhere. Awards. Memorabilia... GEOFF is seated before the brightly lit, three-way theatr mirror, casually setting out Renee's make-up.
114) 2) dialog: (a whisper)
117) 0) text: The lure of Renee's lullaby pulls Geoff deeper into the w hear the unearthly ANIMAL HOWL once more.
125) 0) text: Marjorie cautiously pushes open the door. Her concern for forgotten as she beholds the Renee Hallow memorabilia. She moves about Renee's unpacked belongings in bewildered reverence. The gauzy curtains billow about Marjorie like ghosts. And glimpses something beyond the curtains...
127) 16) text: Just remember, Chase... I had Renee first... and now I'm gonna have her last... BLAM! The top of Gus' head BLOWS off. His BODY is thrown the incredible force, tumbling him to the kitchen floor w HEAVY THUD. Chase sucks in precious air, then his head snaps up.
129) 0) text: Marjorie is now seated before Renee's theatrical make-up entranced. She's wearing the beaded peach dress. With the help of Renee's vast array of cosmetics, Marjori turned herself into a stunning beauty. The lipstick isn't quite right. Turning to the countertop magnifying mirror, she carefully touches up her ruby red face fills nearly the entire mirror... ...except for one rim, which reflects the dark, shadowy a behind her. A HUGE EYE joins her reflection in the distorting mirror. nearly jumps out of her skin. She spins around...
129) 2) dialog: (a whisper)
129) 3) text: Did you really think you could be like me? Renee's fist swings in, SMASHING a panel of the mirror... Marjorie raises her hands to protect herself against the glass. And as her hands come down, she finds... Renee standing before her. Her ghostly form silhouetted b moonlight. Curtains billowing around her. We never fully Marjorie's face goes white with fear.
129) 4) dialog: Such a young face... but you've got potential... Renee grabs a fistful of Marjorie's hair, viciously YANKI head back...
129) 5) dialog: We'll do the eyes first. You always start with the eyes... Renee lashes out, SLASHING a mirror shard across the skin Marjorie's right eye. Marjorie SCREAMS.
132) 0) text: Geoff trepidatiously enters. He weaves through the maze o curtains. And then he sees her... Renee is standing in the midst of the attic. She's perfec up. Gorgeous. Just as she was on the day she died. She sm warmly.
132) 2) dialog: I came back for you, Geoff. We're going to be together again. Renee raises her outstretched arms to receive him. Throug haze of his tears, Geoff doesn't see the sinister, vacant her eyes.
134) 4) dialog: Hello, Chase. Chase gasps. The word "horror" doesn't do the moment just
134) 6) dialog: We can try again, Chase. We can make it work this time. Chase sinks back against the wall. He's lost a lot of blo his strength is leaving him.
134) 9) dialog: Don't you love me anymore, Chase?
134) 11) text: Geoff! Get over here now! But Geoff just holds his mother tighter. A hint of annoya flickers through Renee's eyes. She strokes Geoff's hair.
134) 12) dialog: (looking at Chase)
134) 14) dialog: Geoff... Geoff pauses at the door, looking back. Renee's words hav hauntingly familiar ring...
134) 15) dialog: I love you. Geoff smiles. Turning away, he opens the door and...
134) 22) dialog: Moves to the vanity. She sweeps a hand across it, sending everything crashing to the ground. Crystal perfume bottle SHATTER, spilling their contents over the floor. Renee reaches for a lighter and flicks it on. She touches flame to the perfume-soaked floor... FLAMES roar into existence, racing across the floorboards igniting the curtains... We see the flames reflected in Renee's soulless eyes.
134) 29) dialog: Don't leave me again, Geoff! Geoff turns...
134) 30) dialog: is standing in the midst of the FLAMES, reaching out. The and mortician's wax she wears fall victim to the heat and "face" begins to MELT AWAY...
134) 31) dialog: Don't leave me alone! Geoff turns away, horrified. With Chase on his shoulder, reaches the door. Locked. Geoff sets Chase against the wa He spots the AXE, still clutched in Clyde's hand. Geoff d axe free from the dead boy's grasp and goes to work on th Ignoring Renee's CRIES, Geoff swings the axe again and ag chopping the door apart. He coughs through the smoke. The are almost upon them... Finally, the wood splinters apart. Geoff reaches through grasps the outside handle, pulling the door open. Then he and lifts Chase up once more... At the door, Geoff pauses for one final, tearful look bac his face hardens and he turns away, pulling Chase to safe
134) 32) dialog: 