0) 9) dialog: Rise and shine monkey of mine. Kengo groans. With all the effort he has in the world, he pulls his head back onto the pillow. Right-side-up, Evelyn is even more beautiful. There is a fragility and sadness about her. She’s heartbreaking. Evelyn finds Kengo’s glasses hanging off a lamp and puts on. She looks funny, her eyes a little buggy now. Kengo pulls his pillow over his face. Evelyn walks across the room and slides the pillow off Ke He squints in the light.
0) 10) text: (whispering) Move over. He hesitatingly moves over, groaning. Evelyn lifts up the sheet and crawls into bed with Kengo, snuggling up next to him. Kengo drift back to unconsciousness. He yawns. Evelyn gets a whiff of his breath. She plugs her nose.
0) 11) dialog: Oh God! The smell. You smell like a brewery. No, not a brewery, a... distillery. She lightly rubs his chest.
0) 12) dialog: (whispering into his ear) You got home very late last night. Actually it was very early in the morning. Kengo groans again. Drifting off... SLOW DISSOLVE TO...
6) 49) dialog: You have a lot of devil in you.
6) 51) dialog: Don’t say shit! Kengo farts. It’s loud. He smiles. Evelyn shrieks and unclamps his mouth. She reaches over a pinches his nipple hard.
6) 54) dialog: I’m scaring your demons away. Evelyn’s dance is part ballet, part interpretative mixed traditional Kabuki moves. She’s graceful and beautiful. Kengo watches her dance and spin around his room, entranc The phone rings, breaking their spell. 20. Kengo and Evelyn look at each other in mock-horror. Neith of them makes a move to answer it. The machine picks up.
6) 55) dialog: (the outgoing message) Hi, neither Kengo or Evelyn are home right now. Please leave a message after the tone and we will call you back. God Bless.
6) 57) dialog: Shhhhh. They listen.
6) 62) dialog: He is a gentlemen and a very... spiritual man. 21.
6) 65) dialog: Uhh. Horrible. She looks at him.
6) 66) dialog: You aren’t going to shower?
6) 69) dialog: You are really a man now.
6) 71) dialog: You are handsome Kengo, like your father was handsome.
6) 74) dialog: You should get to work.
6) 77) dialog: What.
6) 79) dialog: (mock-shocked) Don’t talk to your mother like that. 23. She runs away. Kengo laughs. He walks over and looks out his window. KENGO’S POV: We recognize the view out the window from Kengo’s photogr that he gave to Sandra. It’s a foggy day and visibility isn’t very far. Another j jet from Asia makes its decent across the sky. Kengo smells his hands and fingers. He can still smell Sa from last night. He smiles thinking about her. Rays of su break through the fog. Kengo catches his breath at the si Heaven?
6) 80) dialog: (from the living room) You should hurry. Kengo snaps out of his trance.
9) 2) dialog: (V.O. Outside the door) Kengo, you need to go. He pulls up his pants, frustrated. He gathers his things.
10) 0) text: Evelyn sits on the floor and chants in front of a alter t she’s constructed in the corner of the room. It’s an ecle mix of Buddhist, Hindu and Christian icons. A large Thai Buddha, a big cross, a Ganesh statue... Evelyn’s eyes are closed. She gently rocks back and forth chanting. Kengo passes through room. He stops to watch her. He loos himself for a moment in her rhythmic chanting and prayer. voice is lovely and radiates peace. 25. INT. KENGO’S ROOM - DAY Kengo stuffs a few things into his backpack: his camera, sketch book, a vintage army jacket that has several badge and buttons pinned to it... He looks at his night stand noticing something. KENGO’S POV: On his night stand: film canisters, change, gum and peaki out from under a photography magazine, a thin gold chain. Kengo pulls the chain revealing a small cross fastened to He hasn’t seen in a long time. He holds the tiny cross in palm of his hand and considers it. He spaces out to it, nearly hypnotised. It catches the light and flashes, gent pulling his consciousness back into the room. He kisses the cross and fastens the chain around his neck Kengo carefully rolls up the naked print of Sandra and sl it into a tube. He puts the tube in his backpack. He sticks ear pods in his ears, presses play on his iPod shoves it in his pocket. He shoves his cell phone in the other pocket, takes one of the cameras off the shelf and off. Kengo's music starts.
11) 0) text: Evelyn continues her chanting as Kengo walks down the hal He opens the front door quietly so he won’t disturb her.
11) 1) dialog: (V.O. From the living room) Kengo! You left the front door wide open last night, again. He can’t hear her over his music as he walks out the door forgetting to close it. 26.
11) 2) dialog: (from the living room) You must remember to close it. Kengo? Kengo?
46) 2) dialog: We're from the Reformers Church of Christ and we would love to leave you some literature.
47) 9) dialog: Thank you. Be sure to come and see us if you ever have any pain or difficulties. We never push, we only offer.
48) 0) text: Evelyn is talking to a YOUNG AFRICAN-AMERICAN MOTHER hold her baby.
48) 1) dialog: There was a time when my soul was wondering through the deepest darkness until the day I was saved by our teachings. The woman listens. Kengo looks inside the house. He sees...
49) 1) dialog: I was carrying this child inside me. 59. Evelyn gestures to Kengo. Kengo smiles at the woman.
49) 2) dialog: I was about to throw myself and him into the ocean. But I was saved by His hand, the One who is in heaven, and now my son and I live in the holy light of our Lord. The woman considers this. Kengo hands her some literature.
50) 0) text: Evelyn stands at the front door of another house.
50) 1) dialog: Okay, go ahead. Evelyn gives little Kengo a soft nudge toward the door. Kengo reaches up and rings the doorbell. A YOUNG GUY opens the door.
50) 2) dialog: Hi, we're...
51) 0) text: Evelyn and Kengo walk off the porch. Evelyn is shaking. 60. Kengo looks up at her and sees that she’s upset. He wraps arms around her waist and hugs her hard.
51) 1) dialog: (talking to both of them) It’s okay. It’s okay. A younger Glen Tabata walks up the sidewalk to them. He’s dressed in a suit and carries a briefcase with the same pamphlets Evelyn and Kengo were handing out.
51) 3) dialog: Great. This is such satisfying work. Kengo looks between them confused by his mother’s sudden shift in tone and dishonesty. INT. GLEN’S VAN - DAY (CONTINUED FLASHBACK) Kengo rides in the back and Evelyn is up front while Glen drives. Kengo looks outside the window and sees a father playing catch with his son. He cranks his head around to watching as they pass.
51) 5) dialog: Call me Mom.
51) 7) dialog: Yes.
51) 9) dialog: Well, your father is our Lord. around in her seat and looks at him.
51) 10) dialog: Our Lord must stay high up in Heaven.
51) 12) dialog: He can’t live down here with us.
51) 14) dialog: Well... He’s too busy. But he’s always watching over you, sweetie. He always has your best interests in his heart. This frustrates Kengo who has heard this a million times He wants another explanation. Evelyn turns around to look him.
51) 15) dialog: He sent you down to be with me. Glen clears his throat. He moves the rearview mirror so h can have eye contact with Kengo.
51) 17) dialog: Look out! Glen stops quickly and they all jerk forward. After a bri pause Glen gains his composer. He starts to drive again.
51) 23) dialog: (embarrassed) This is not something we are going to talk about now. 63. Evelyn mover the rearview mirror so she can see herself. nervously puts on her lipstick. Glen looks over at her watching.
51) 24) dialog: (quietly, not looking at him) Glen. You should watch the road. She puts her lipstick away. Her lips are perfect. She tur around back to Kengo
51) 25) dialog: But you can talk to your dad by praying to him.
60) 3) dialog: (screaming) It’s the big one! This is it. The shaking stops but Evelyn won’t let go of Kengo. breasts are squashed against him. Car alarms are going off. 74. Her Kengo’s room is a wreck (more then usual). Most of the th that were on the shelve are on the floor.
60) 5) dialog: Oh my God!
60) 8) dialog: I know people are hurt. People have died. I know it. Kengo tries to comfort her.
62) 0) text: Evelyn sits on the couch very disheveled and scared, watching news about the earthquake on television. She has blanket wrapped around her. Kengo comes in from the kitchen carrying a tray of tea. H sits down next to her and hands her a cup. 76.
62) 2) dialog: I’m sure all the lines are tied up. ON THE TV: footage of a fallen building and a stretcher b loaded onto an ambulance.
62) 3) dialog: (bursting in to tears) Oh no! No! Kengo rubs her back.
62) 5) dialog: No. It’s not okay. We have to do something. We have to help.
63) 0) text: Evelyn is on the phone organizing with her Church people.
63) 1) dialog: I‘ll pick you up. I’ve got some blankets here. What about canned foods? Non-perishables? There’s a pile of clothing and other items ready to be donated to victims. Kengo carries a sleeping bag into the kitchen, adding it the pile. Evelyn hangs up and goes into a frenzy of activity prepar to go help the earthquake victims. 77.
63) 2) dialog: (emptying a cabinet of food) They're picking us up in half an hour.
63) 4) dialog: What?
63) 9) dialog: I can’t take more than one earthquake per day.
63) 12) dialog: (automatically) Your father is up...
63) 14) dialog: (muffled, into the pillow) No. Kengo grabs the pillow and pulls it off her. He throws it across the room the.
64) 0) text: Kengo and Evelyn sit at the kitchen table looking at each other. They drink tea. 79. Evelyn holds the army jacket we recognize as Kengo’s, now She carefully places it on the table like it’s an egg. Ke reaches for it but Evelyn holds her hand up stopping him. Evelyn gets up and grabs a small box she keeps on the top the refrigerator. She sits back down with it, takes a cigarette and a book of matches out and, lights it. She t a big inhale and slowly exhales. Kengo is a little shocked but he doesn’t say anything. Evelyn takes another big drag. She starts to say somethin but then stops, only smoke coming out of her mouth.
64) 2) dialog: (slow, finding the words) I was living in a deep... darkness in my teen years. My soul was in chaos. Like an underwater volcano. She makes an elaborate gesture expressing what an underwa volcano might look like.
64) 3) dialog: The true light was hidden behind dark clouds. She adds dramatic sound effects. Kengo rolls his eyes.
64) 4) dialog: No. Really, it’s the truth. I used to have... disturbing thoughts. She takes another drag of the cigarette.
64) 6) dialog: about death and things. I demons. I... saw... Kengo gets goose bumps. He realizes she isn’t making this
64) 7) dialog: I would try everything to make them just... She throws her arms up as if the demons are in the room n
64) 8) dialog: (yelling at the demons) Go Away! She takes another drag of her cigarette and to Kengo’s astonishment, blows out a couple of perfect smoke rings.
64) 9) dialog: I tried everything. Even LSD Kengo is shocked. Someone should throw a blanket over him
64) 10) dialog: That make them worse. And so... I had... knowledge of... She looks away from him and then back.
64) 11) dialog: -several different men. Without love. She stops and takes a drag. It seems like she can’t go on further. She stares at the jacket.
64) 12) dialog: I Don’t want you to judge me, Kengo.
64) 14) dialog: You know what it means to have knowledge, don’t you? Kengo rolls his eyes again.
64) 17) dialog: Do you have knowledge of Sandra? Kengo blushes and tries not to smile. Then he shakes it o
64) 20) dialog: (carefully, without emotion) I got pregnant in the second year of high school. (MORE )
64) 21) text: EVELYN (cont'd) A friend of mine introduced me to a doctor who gave me an abortion. She looks at Kengo for his reaction, making sure he isn’t shocked at what she is telling him. Then she continues.
64) 22) dialog: He was a very kind doctor. And handsome and pretty young, too... for a doctor. Kengo nods, encouraging her along.
64) 23) dialog: After the... procedure, he lectured to me about contraception. A helicopter flies over making her have to talk louder.
64) 24) dialog: (in a deep man voice) “Abortion was good neither for the body nor the spirit.” That’s what he would say. I should also be careful about venereal disease, so I should always be sure to use a condom, and he gave me a new box of them. Evelyn giggles at the memory. She takes another drag, los the memory. She spaces out as the helicopter noise fades.
64) 26) dialog: I told him that I had condoms but he told me that the guys probably didn’t put them on right. Kengo, you would be amazed at how few people know the right way to use them. 83. Kengo makes a confused face, wondering what people might with condoms, ‘the wrong way’.
64) 27) dialog: But I wasn’t stupid and I was very careful about contraception. I mean, the minute we took our clothes off, I would be sure to put it on the penis... (she is suddenly embarrassed) on the man... myself. Evelyn does a little gesture miming putting a condom on a man. Kengo is a little grossed out. He tries not to let her se
64) 28) dialog: You just can’t trust men with anything like that. Kengo nods, to get her to keep talking.
64) 29) dialog: Kengo? You know about condoms, right?
64) 32) dialog: Well, two months later... I got pregnant again.
64) 35) dialog: I went back to the same doctor who I knew I could trust and who I knew wouldn’t tell my parents. He took one look at me and scolded, “I told you to be careful. What are you thinking?” She gets a little quieter now. She picks at a piece of li on the army jacket.
64) 36) dialog: I couldn't stop crying. A siren grows louder and then fades again.
64) 37) dialog: He was so mad. I told him I had used the condoms and that I was very careful but he didn’t believe me. Evelyn suddenly is like a sad little girl. Kengo moves to try to comfort her but he doesn’t know how really wants to hear about his father.
64) 39) dialog: The doctor was your father. Is your father. Kengo stops breathing. They sit in the silence waiting for the consequences of t revelation, waiting to see if the universe will come to a end. Kengo finally takes a breath. 85. Evelyn let's the gravity sink in then continues.
64) 40) dialog: About six months after my second abortion and after a series of weird events, I ended up... having knowledge of the doctor himself. He was about thirty at the time and I was sixteen. He was very handsome. Evelyn is trying not to get emotional by pretending like is talking about somebody else.
64) 41) dialog: He was still a bachelor. He was kind of boring to talk to, but we didn’t talk much. He was sweet. Remembering him and that time in her life, Evelyn smiles.
64) 42) dialog: His right ear was... kind of... mangled. A lot of it was missing. He was a medic in Viet Nam but he said that’s not how it happened. A dog chewed it off when he was a boy. He was just walking along the street one day and when a big black dog he had never seen before jumped up and bit his ear off.
64) 44) dialog: (consistory) I think it happened in the war. She carefully folds the army jacket. 86.
64) 45) dialog: He used to say he was glad it was just his ear. He could live without an entire ear. Evelyn gently slides the jacket across the table, in fron Kengo.
64) 47) dialog: (through her tears) Being with him helped me... get myself.... back. Evelyn takes deep breath. Kengo she’s how brave she is.
64) 48) dialog: When I was having... knowledge of him, I managed not to think disturbing thoughts. I even got to like his ear. She reaches over and traces her finger around Kengo’s per ear.
64) 49) dialog: I thought it was cute. Evelyn lights another cigarette.
64) 50) dialog: He was so dedicated to his work. He would lecture me about the use of the condom while we were in bed. When to put it on and when to take it off. You think this would make for a foolproof contraception, but I ended up pregnant again. 87.
64) 52) dialog: He examined me and he was the one who told me I was pregnant. He was really mad and said I had been cheating on him but it wasn’t true. He was the only man I had been with for months. He got me pregnant.
64) 54) dialog: Yeah, but he didn’t believe me. All my friends knew him and we would go out together with them and they knew that he was the only one I had been with. He just kept saying, “My contraceptive techniques are beyond reproach, which means you have has relations with another man.” Evelyn shakes her head.
64) 55) dialog: But I hadn’t. I was devastated. I was so hurt.
64) 57) dialog: He called me a slut. He demanded I get another abortion. But there was no way I could that again. 88. Kengo fights tears back. He puts his hand on Evelyn’s han
64) 58) dialog: That was the last I ever saw of him. She seems to helpless and venerable as she remembers her past.
64) 59) dialog: (quietly) He never even called me... or anything.
64) 61) dialog: It’s okay, Mom.
64) 62) dialog: When my parents found out they kicked me out of the house. I was going to kill myself. I was going to drive to San Francisco and jump off the Golden Gate bridge.
64) 64) dialog: Glen Tabata found me crying, out wondering the streets, and took me to the church shelter. Without him, I would have died.
64) 66) dialog: Oh no, listen. This isn’t the whole truth. (MORE )
64) 67) text: EVELYN (cont'd) I took the most rigorous contraceptive measures and became pregnant. In fact, I became pregnant three times in a row. That’s not chance. Kengo knows what’s coming.
64) 68) dialog: Three chance occurrences is not chance. The number three is none other than that which is used by our Lord for Revelations. Kengo sighs, exasperated.
64) 69) dialog: It was our Lord’s wish that I give birth to you. See, the doctor’s contraceptive methods were absolutely foolproof. Your father is the Lord. You came into this world not through carnal knowledge, but through an act of our Lord’s will.
64) 72) dialog: I don’t think so. I never saw him again, He never contacted me in any way. I’m sure he has no idea. Evelyn looks down at the box where she keeps her cigarett She pulls a tiny gold cross on a thin gold chain. 90.
64) 73) dialog: This was his too. She hands it to Kengo. He looks at it like it’s a the missing piece of an ancien secret. He puts it on. Evelyn gets melancholy again and seems a million miles aw
64) 75) dialog: Yes, sweetie.
64) 77) dialog: Well, not his ears. She giggles and then covers her mouth.
64) 79) dialog: Your big wee-wee. Kengo is horrified. A little after-shock rattles the room and they both run t the doorway.
76) 0) text: Sandra gets out of her car. She stares up at Kengo’s building. Her eyes are puffy from crying. INT. KENGO AND EVELYN’S APT. - NIGHT Kengo walks down the hall forgetting to close the front d 104. KENGO’S POV Floating towards the living room and the source of the mu Slowly we round the doorway revealing...
77) 0) text: Evelyn, dances slowly around the room to the music. She i dressed in a beautiful silk nightgown, seeming to almost gravity with her grace, totally uninhabited. Kengo sets the daisies down next to the record player. He leans against the door and watches Evelyn, hypnotised. He dance is almost mournful. Evelyn turns and sees Kengo. She smiles at him, dancing slowly, using the whole room as her stage. Kengo starts to sway to the music. He steps into the room dances slowly in place. Evelyn reaches her arms out inviting Kengo to dance with Kengo smiles and pushes himself off the wall, toward her. Evelyn embraces Kengo and they begin to dance together, around the room. Sandra quietly steps into the doorway, peering into the living room. Kengo’s red ski hat is in her hand. Kengo sees Sandra over Evelyn’s shoulder and keeping Evel back to Sandra, he looks at her. He can see she’s been crying. Sandra watches Kengo and Evelyn’s intimate dance. The hat slips out of her hand. Kengo gently takes Evelyn’s hands from himself and steps of her embrace. Evelyn turns and sees Sandra. She stops dancing. Kengo walks across the room toward Sandra. He picks his h up from the floor and places it on Sandra’s head. Kengo reaches his hand out to Sandra. 105. Sandra takes a small hesitant step towards Kengo and he t her in his arms and guides her into the room. Kengo leads her, gracefully into his dance. They use the full space o the room, moving through it effortlessly. Evelyn takes a step back and watches. Sandra closes her eyes and hugs Kengo, harder. The tensio her face relaxes. They press their bodies together, tight Evelyn turns away and dances slowly in her corner of the room, her back to Kengo and Sandra. Freeze Frame. The music continues. Fade Out.