6) 60) dialog: It’s Glen Tabata here. Is anyone home? I’m calling to inform Kengo that he is late for work by more than one hour. This is very late. Please call me at the office. Hello to you Evelyn. I hope you are good. He hangs up.
17) 0) text: This is the maintenance and manager’s office for the apartments but also a small copy store and Notary Public. Kengo walks in the front door. A loud bell rings. He turn off the music, pops the headphones out from his ears, and takes off his hat. Behind the counter is his boss, GLEN TABATA, 60, graying handsome but a little uptight. He’s the building manager Notary Public. 29. Glen looks up at Kengo and gives him a very disappointed look. Kengo walks over toward him. He cares what Glen thinks of and is pained to have any disapproval from him.
17) 2) dialog: Kengo. Glen. We’re both men now.
17) 6) dialog: Just answer it. Kengo pulls his phone out and looks at it. It’s stopped ringing. 30.
17) 8) dialog: Will you put new paper in the machines and copy this manuscript? It’s being picked up today. Kengo takes a big stack of paper and loads up two big cop machines at the front of the office. As he is sliding paper into one of the machines, he gets nasty paper cut. He grimaces. CLOSE-UP ON KENGO’S FINGER: He squeezes it and blood comes out of the tiny slice.
17) 9) dialog: You should always wear gloves when you load the machines. Kengo sticks his finger in his mouth,
17) 11) dialog: You are letting your mind slip too much. You have to become... mindful. Glen removes a band-aid and some anti-bacterial ointment the first aid kit.
17) 16) dialog: It’s okay, Kengo. I’m not your prison warden.
17) 18) dialog: You are young. It’s okay to go out and have good time. I just think you need... Glen looks off searching for the right words. 32.
17) 19) dialog: When I was your age, I was in love with a girl named Jessica.
17) 21) dialog: Her family didn’t approve of me. Glen seems full of sadness today. Kengo walks over toward him. It’s clear Glen needs to tal
17) 23) dialog: When I was a young man, I lived in Long Beach. I know I told you about when I had the fruit store there.
17) 25) dialog: You don’t have to humour me Kengo. You are a good boy.
17) 28) dialog: Sure let me help you. As Glen is helping the woman Kengo’s phone buzzes again. Kengo takes it out and looks.
17) 30) text: The text window alerts him that he has a photo. Kengo presses a button and the photo loads. It’s a shot of Sandra’s pelvis. Her pierced navel and smo stomach. Her thumb pulls down the top of her panties so t is just a cute little peak of pubic hair revealed. Kengo stares at the photo. It’s definitely turning him on The machine vibrates as it spits out copies. Kengo presses himself against it as he continues looking his phone and the Sandra’s sexy photo. His cell phone beeps and says LOW BATTERY. Kengo makes sure Glen and the woman are engaged and not looking at him. He presses himself harder against the vibrating machine. humps it a little.
17) 31) dialog: Kengo? Kengo shoves his phone in his pocket quickly.
17) 32) dialog: Will you load new paper in the fax machine when you get the chance?
17) 34) dialog: Paradise Copies and Management. Hold on. He just got here. Glen holds the phone out to Kengo.
17) 35) dialog: It’s for you. 34.
17) 46) dialog: You don’t need to tell me “sorry” all the time, Kengo. I’m not the police and not your disciplinarian.
17) 48) dialog: Is everything okay? Kengo looks at him puzzled.
17) 49) dialog: With Sandra?
17) 52) dialog: Don’t talk the Lord’s name in vain.
17) 56) dialog: Go, go. I‘'ll take care of it.
25) 0) text: Kengo walks back into the office, a little disheveled. Glen is binding the manuscript that Kengo was copying earlier. He looks up.
25) 1) dialog: Where’s the tool bag? Kengo slaps his forehead.
25) 3) dialog: Wait. Glen just stands there. He opens his mouth but nothing co out. He looks away from Kengo and down at his feet.
25) 5) dialog: Please call me Glen.
25) 7) dialog: I want to show you this. Kengo walks over and looks at the album with Glen. 43.
25) 8) dialog: (pointing to a photo of a beautiful younger Evelyn) That’s your mother when I first met her. She’s stunning, in her early 20’s or late teens.
25) 11) dialog: I’m dying, Kengo.
25) 13) dialog: I have pancreatic cancer. I have six months. If I’m lucky, a year. Glen takes a moment for this to sink in then he takes a d breath and puts his hand on Kengo’s shoulder.
25) 14) dialog: I want you to have the store. Kengo is shocked.
25) 17) dialog: You’re like a son...
25) 20) dialog: I’m making peace with God. Life is nothing but a short painful dream. Thanks to His guidance, I have made it through this far.
25) 23) dialog: (very gently) Before I die, there is one thing I have to tell you. It shames me to say it but I have no choice.
25) 25) dialog: I have had lustful thoughts towards your mother. I’ve always been in love with her. 45.
25) 27) dialog: I know. Kengo suddenly hugs Glen and holds on to him tightly. He hides his face so Glen can’t see that he’s crying.
25) 28) dialog: You poor boy. Kengo lets go of Glen and pulls himself together.
25) 29) dialog: You’re going to have a difficult time finding a woman you want to share your life with after having Evelyn for your mother. Kengo knows he is right. It terifies him.
25) 30) dialog: You'll hold her up as a standard for all other women. Even if you try not to. Kengo blushes again. He feels totally naked and exposed. Glen rubs Kengo’s shoulder, trying to comfort him.
25) 31) dialog: Every boy is a little bit in love with his mother... Kengo is frozen and all the color drains from his face. Everything has changed. Glen walks back through the curtains to put the photo alb away. 46.
25) 33) dialog: (o.s. From behind the curtains) Will you do me a favor?
25) 35) dialog: Please go and pick up a prescription for me at the pharmacy. You need some fresh air. Why don’t you get something to eat while you’re out, too. Kengo is torn between wanting to stay and comfort him but it’s obvious Glen need to be alone.
25) 37) dialog: Be careful.
51) 2) dialog: How’s it going? Evelyn suddenly brightens, expertly covering her true feelings.
51) 16) dialog: It’s true Kengo, that you don’t have a father in this world, and you’re going to meet all sorts of people who say stupid things to you about that. Unfortunately, the eyes of most people are clouded and unable to see the truth, Kengo. But in our world, your father is the world itself. Glen gets overly involved in lecturing Kengo and is distracted. He nearly misses a stop sign. 62. Evelyn grabs his arm.
51) 18) dialog: You are fortunate to live in the embrace of His love. You must be proud of that and live a life that is good and true. Kengo thinks about this.
51) 20) dialog: Listen, little man. Someday our Lord, your father, will reveal himself to you as yours and yours alone. You will meet Him where you least expect it. But if you begin to doubt or abandon your faith, He may be so disappointed that He never shows Himself to you. Kengo sighs in frustration.
57) 0) text: Glen is standing on the sidewalk in front of the office. looks his watch and then walks back in. Sandra pulls up in her Volvo. It makes a lot of noise and belches smoke. Sandra turns off the ignition and gets out. She is wearin Kengo’s red hat. Just as Sandra gets to the front door, Glen walks back ou onto the sidewalk. Sandra takes Kengo’s hat off and walks up to Glen. They talk but we don’t hear what they’re saying. 67. Glen can tell Sandra is upset. He walks her into the offi
59) 0) text: Sandra slams down Glen’s office phone.
59) 5) dialog: (gently) Sit. 71. Glen waits for Sandra to sit before he does. She grabs a tissues as Glen holds the box.
59) 11) dialog: That was the first time. She laughs a little more. Sandra looks at him like he is whole new person.
59) 13) dialog: Weirdo?
59) 15) dialog: Well. It’s very difficult to let people be who they are without letting our expectations of them get in the way.
59) 17) dialog: Remember why you love him and why you first realized that you did. Sandra looks off remembering something specific.
59) 18) dialog: You fell in love with him because he’s... a weirdo. Sandra laughs.
59) 19) dialog: All of the different parts of him make him who he is. Right now, he needs all these parts to be... Kengo. Even when some of him makes us crazy. They all fit together. Sandra nods.
59) 20) dialog: You two fit together. Glen’s eyes tear up. Sandra see how sad he suddenly is. S takes his hand and gives it a kiss.