0) 4) text: An upsidedown eye. (Briefly superimposed over the basebal diamond. ) The eye is closed but it’s moving around wildly under the lid. Slow pull back from the eye revealing, the second eye and upsidedown face of a young guy. KENGO YOSHIYA, early 20’s, half-Asian, great looking but and slightly goofy. There is a wide-eyed openness in his face. His eyes slowly blink open with a slow groan, surveying t surroundings of his room. KENGO’S POV His upsidedown room, blurry. A small shaft of light strea into the window. Flecks of dust flicker around in the lig It’s the entire universe in miniature drifting around Ken room. The rest of the room is out of focus. Kengo head hangs over the side of the bed. His arm twiste under him and his face, squashed against the back of his hand. Obviously having passed out in this odd position. H takes a deep breath and blows. The dust wildly dances thr the shaft. Chaos. Kengo smiles. He drags his numb arm out from under himself and lifts his head off his hand and th hangover hits.
0) 5) dialog: (in soft pain) Oh, fuck. There is a small black ink smudge on his cheek and a smea club re-entry stamp on the back of his hand. Evidence of late night. In another room, haunting traditional Asian folk music is softly playing. INT. KENGO’S ROOM - MORNING - WIDE There would be a floor but it’s buried in layers of cloth Art posters on the wall and several photos Kengo has take his life. Candid shots of people, buildings... There is a large black and white photo of a young woman at the beach (His girlfriend SANDRA). There is a small collection of cameras on a shelf. A tiny Thai Buddha peers out from a shelf. A garbage truck rumbles by and shakes the room. Kengo gro suffering his hangover headache. KENGO’S POV The light has shifted, brushing across a large print of Leonardo Da Vinci’s “THE ANNUNCIATION”. It’s creased and wrinkled but still haunting. CLOSE ON: The angel. It’s large wings are spread, on its knees informing Mary of her immaculate conception.
0) 6) dialog: (to the angle) Please God, never do this to me again. There is a soft knock at his door.
0) 8) dialog: (quietly) Ahhhhhh! No! EVELYN, late 30’s, stands in his doorway, upsidedown, sti his POV. She is beautiful, wearing only her underwear; a and panties. They don’t match and are a bit chaste to be contemporary. Evelyn leans over sideways trying to make her head right- up for Kengo.
0) 10) text: (whispering) Move over. He hesitatingly moves over, groaning. Evelyn lifts up the sheet and crawls into bed with Kengo, snuggling up next to him. Kengo drift back to unconsciousness. He yawns. Evelyn gets a whiff of his breath. She plugs her nose.
1) 0) text: For a moment the image of the buildings appear on the wal of Kengo’s bedroom. Impressionistic, dreamy shots of Korea Town at night. Traffic. Neon. The great old 1920’s buildings and the glass office tower built in the ‘70s. The huge video monitor near the corner Wilshire and Western. A 747 on its final decent into LAX drones over seemingly in slow-motion. Kids skateboarding on the steps of the monolithic 1960's Wilshire Park Place building.
1) 2) text: Kengo. His glasses don’t hide how good-looking he is, but they magnify his eyes slightly, making him look slightly a frog. We pull back to reveal...
2) 0) text: Kengo waits, pacing on the corner. He changes his backpack from one shoulder to the other, looking down the street, a little anxious. He sees someth He hops to his feet, excitedly. KENGO’S POV: A BEAUTIFUL GIRL crosses the street. This is SANDRA, Kengo’s girlfriend. Sandra is dressed in a great cool outfit that she’s made herself. She has a totally unique style and vibe with the awkward grace of young race horse colt.
2) 1) dialog: (yelling) Sandra!
2) 6) dialog: I went in and got stamped. It’s still fresh. He holds up his hand. A black barcode is stamped on the b of it. Kengo takes Sandra’s hand and licks it. She squirms. Kengo presses his stamped hand against hers, holding it there. Sandra looks at him, smiling conspiratorially. He removes his hand. Sandra’s stamp is perfect.
3) 0) text: Kengo and Sandra walk off of Wilshire onto a quiet side street.
3) 1) dialog: (remembering) Oh! I have something for you. He pulls a tube out of his backpack and hands it to her. Sandra gently fingers the top of the tube and very seductively kisses the top of it. Kengo grabs the tube and bangs her on the head with it.
3) 2) dialog: (laughing and turned on) Open it. You slut. Sandra opens the tube and gingerly pulls out a large blac and white photograph. Sandra moves into light of a street lamp and unrolls the photograph. She looks at it carefully, mesmerized. Kengo covertly fishes his camera out of his backpack whil Sandra checks out the photo.
3) 3) text: A view of the sky, framed by a window. A 747 flies throug beautiful sunset, over the buildings of Korea Town. Kengo silhouette, his back to us, looks out the window. It’s a great photograph. It expresses a palatable sense of longi Sandra slowly looks back up at Kengo and smiles, impresse Kengo quickly snaps a photo of Sandra, smiling at him in yellow street light.
3) 5) dialog: Really? She hugs him.
3) 6) dialog: I used the self timer. See? It’s me? Sandra laughs.
3) 9) dialog: Air China! Look carefully at the tail. He moves around next to her and delicately points it out. Sandra watches him not the photo, smiling.
3) 10) dialog: See? You can tell by the cherry blossom on it. It’s the same flight around the same time every day.
4) 0) text: Sandra and Kengo zigzag drunkenly down the street leaning against each other for support. Sandra carries her tube with Kengo’s photo inside. Kengo looks up at the sky and stops walking. Sandra wraps arms around him looking up to see what he sees.
4) 2) dialog: (whispering) Wait. Keep looking. ON THE SKY: The clouds are milky, illuminated by the city lights. The moon appears then quickly disappears back int the clouds. Kengo reaches his hand up to the sky in a wei little gesture of reverence to the moon. Sandra giggles.
4) 6) dialog: It’s the same moon as the people in Sri Lanka look up and see. We're all... ll. He rubs his hands together wildly and waves his drunken a around, simulating chaos.
4) 7) dialog: War and... tsunamis and shit... but it’s... just still there... the same.
4) 9) dialog: (yelping) ow! The flash blinds them. Freezing the moment.
4) 11) dialog: Do you really like the one I gave you?
4) 13) dialog: You swear?
5) 0) text: A group of KOREAN KIDS take turns running and jumping as as they can, planting their feet on the wall. A GIRL measures how high each guys’ feet land. She takes money from people betting on who can plant their feet the highest. Kengo and Sandra stop to watch them. Kengo takes a photo. After a moment, Sandra pulls Kengo away.
6) 0) text: Kengo and Sandra stand against Sandra’s car, a dirty old Volvo, and make out. It’s messy and passionate. Sandra puts her hand down Kengo’s pants the abruptly pull away and walks to the driver’s side of her car.
6) 2) dialog: You’re not driving anywhere. You’re too drunk. I’m walking you home.
6) 5) text: SANDRA (cont'd) There’s like about a billion squushed bugs on the windshield. I haven’t washed it since we went to Joshua Tree. Kengo tries to get in the passenger side of the car but Sandra quickly locks it.
6) 6) dialog: Come on, open it, or you’re going to be very sorry.
6) 9) dialog: I would practice my quiet Ninja walking... They kiss deeply, scraping teeth.
6) 10) dialog: ...-sneaking around my neighborhood when it got dark. He takes a dramatic pause, getting into it.
6) 12) dialog: I’d watch fathers... eating with their sons. He gets lost in the memory.
6) 13) dialog: Sometimes the whole family would be laughing. Sandra watches Kengo. He turns to look at her.
6) 14) dialog: (ominously) Later, late at night, I’d sneak into their houses. He slowly put his hand under her skirt, feeling her. Sand bites her lower lip.
6) 15) dialog: I’d go into the girl’s bedrooms and watch them sleep. Sandra’s mouth opens.
6) 17) dialog: Then... as they were dreaming, I would gently peel their sheets down and... She bursts out laughing and punches him.
6) 21) dialog: Ow. They resume making out. Kengo starts to take off his pant
6) 22) dialog: (between kisses) Let’s...(kiss) go back...(kiss) to my....(kiss) house. Sandra pulls away.
6) 24) dialog: She doesn’t care.
6) 26) dialog: Why? She likes you.
6) 28) dialog: Oh whatever. You're crazy. He kisses her.
6) 29) dialog: I’‘1l sneak into your room and I‘1l be gone before your parents wake up.
6) 33) dialog: No fucking way. Someone’1l bust us.
6) 35) dialog: Yeah, but the more we do it, the better the odds are at getting caught. Sandra sighs.
6) 36) dialog: We can’t. It full of busy-body old people. 17.
6) 42) dialog: Is that the only reason you like me? She laughs.
6) 45) dialog: Wait. He reaches for his pants that are crumpled on the floor. digs in the pocket and takes his camera out of his jeans.
6) 48) dialog: I have demons in my head and they’re eating my brain.
6) 50) dialog: Come on mom. I don’t believe that shit. She puts a hand over his mouth. 19.
6) 52) dialog: Ow! He turns away from her and toward the wall. Evelyn starts to tickle him. Kengo flaps the sheet blowing the fart smell on her. Evelyn screams and hops out of bed pulling the sheet off Revealing his naked (except for his underwear) body. Kengo covers himself with his hands. Evelyn runs out of the room laughing. Kengo sits up and adjusts his erection that is poking thr his underwear. Evelyn runs back in the room with a long stick of burning incense. Kengo grabs a pillow and holds it over his crotch.
6) 53) dialog: Mom! Evelyn giggles and does a swirling dance around his room waving the incense.
6) 56) dialog: Oh God, mom. Why did you have to add God Bless?
6) 59) dialog: Oh shit! I’m late. But he makes no effort to get up.
6) 61) dialog: He’s so sweet, but why does he have to be so formal?
6) 63) dialog: Oh God mom. He’s been in love with you for years... Evelyn. Kengo sits up and his head pounds. He grabs his head.
6) 64) dialog: (under his breath) God, please, I‘1l never drink again if you let me get through this day. Kengo stumbles out of bed. His erection has subsided so h safe to move around the room to gather whatever clothes h can find that aren’t filthy. Evelyn watches as he smells a pair of jeans and decides t they’re clean enough to wear. He slides them on. Evelyn picks up a shirt and smells it.
6) 67) dialog: No time. I’1l take a bird bath in the sink. She cocks her head and looks at him strangely.
6) 68) dialog: What? What are you looking at me like that for?
6) 70) dialog: Really? He looks at himself in the mirror. He puffs up his chest little. He makes a “man face”. Evelyn laughs.
6) 72) dialog: (almost whispering) Really? She nods.
6) 73) dialog: I thought I got all my good looks from my foxy mother. She actually blushes.
6) 75) dialog: How do I look like him? 22. She walks out of the room. Kengo watches. She has a great body and he can’t help noticing her beauty. One of her buttocks is exposed and she has a slight wedgy She adjusts it, pulling her underwear out of her butt cra as she walks away.
6) 76) dialog: (calling after her) H.A.
6) 78) dialog: It stands for hungry ass. When that happens it’s called H.A. When your butt eats your...
7) 0) text: Kengo, in a rush, takes what he calls a bird bath, splash water on his face and under his armpits. He looks in the medicine cabinet and finds his mom’s expensive face cleanser. He cleans his armpits with it, t his face. He rinses, gargles with mouthwash and he’s done
8) 0) text: Kengo quickly walks through the kitchen and into a small off the kitchen that he has converted into a darkroom.
9) 0) text: It’s small but has everything he needs to develop black-a white photos. 24. Kengo closes the door and switches the red light on. He expertly takes a roll of film, pulls it open, puts it in developing fluid, into the enlarger, into the tray and develops a photo. Even though he’s in a rush, it’s important for him to see this photo.
10) 0) text: Evelyn sits on the floor and chants in front of a alter t she’s constructed in the corner of the room. It’s an ecle mix of Buddhist, Hindu and Christian icons. A large Thai Buddha, a big cross, a Ganesh statue... Evelyn’s eyes are closed. She gently rocks back and forth chanting. Kengo passes through room. He stops to watch her. He loos himself for a moment in her rhythmic chanting and prayer. voice is lovely and radiates peace. 25. INT. KENGO’S ROOM - DAY Kengo stuffs a few things into his backpack: his camera, sketch book, a vintage army jacket that has several badge and buttons pinned to it... He looks at his night stand noticing something. KENGO’S POV: On his night stand: film canisters, change, gum and peaki out from under a photography magazine, a thin gold chain. Kengo pulls the chain revealing a small cross fastened to He hasn’t seen in a long time. He holds the tiny cross in palm of his hand and considers it. He spaces out to it, nearly hypnotised. It catches the light and flashes, gent pulling his consciousness back into the room. He kisses the cross and fastens the chain around his neck Kengo carefully rolls up the naked print of Sandra and sl it into a tube. He puts the tube in his backpack. He sticks ear pods in his ears, presses play on his iPod shoves it in his pocket. He shoves his cell phone in the other pocket, takes one of the cameras off the shelf and off. Kengo's music starts.
11) 0) text: Evelyn continues her chanting as Kengo walks down the hal He opens the front door quietly so he won’t disturb her.
12) 0) text: Kengo walks out of his apartment building onto the street It’s a cold and windy day for LA. He looks up at the sky. He pulls a red ski cap onto his head, and turns on his iP Mellow ambient music gives Kengo his own private soundtra to the world as he walks down the street. Kengo seems to almost float in slow-motion along to his music. His hangover dissipates. He’s in his own private bubble. He stops to ponder an pile of garbage. Someone has moved decided not to take a lot of their stuff. There is an iro board, a chair, clothes and a collection of stuffed anima Kengo stares at the discarded contents of someone’s life. shakes off his trance. Then he takes out his camera and carefully deliberates the composition, finally shooting a photo.
13) 0) text: Kengo walks down the street toward the high rise building Wilshire Blvd. He is the only one on the street walking. has the slight presents of a lone warrior in a post apocalyptic world. He makes sure to make the music on his iPod enhance this mood. Kengo floats down the residential street. He looks up int the sky at the clouds. He snaps a photo. Kengo slows down as he passes a large 3-D portrait of Chr taped to the window of a shop. He leans in for a closer l As Kengo leans closer, the Christ’s eyes close. He takes a couple of steps backwards making the eyes open again and then. He zooms into the Christ with his camera lens. Over the f of the Jesus is the price tag. $9.99 and a bar code. 27. Without missing a step, Kengo reaches into his pocket changing the music to match the festive mood of the marke He does this with one hand without having to look. This i obviously something he’s very practiced at.
14) 0) text: Kengo emerges onto Wilshire. A few people on the street b even here it’s oddly deserted for such a huge city. Kengo reaches into his pocket, scrolling through for the perfect music for the frenetic mood of the street. A ambulance screams buy but Kengo can’t hear it. He looks u a helicopter circling. Each song he goes though changes the vibe completely, eve it’s just for the split-second before he changes it again finds a perfect song. The song transforms his mood. He walks faster with a swag inspired by the energy of the rock song. Note: The song he listens to here should be pop, loud and ecstatic. Kengo walks along, watching the traffic and looking at th architecture and occasional pedestrian. An OLD WOMAN in a traditional Korean outfit walks by. A couple of SECRETARIES gossip and smoke. SOMEONE dressed u a hotdog waits to pass out fliers to people but there is barley anyone walking. He waves at traffic. Kengo slows to take a few photographs. He changes the music again. This time it’s Jazz from the 1950's. The scene takes on a totally different mood. Note: Think Miles Davis. Maybe something from “Walking.” He changes the music a couple more times. A sad ballad, H Hop, 60's psychedellia... (Note: Think something from George Harrison's “All Things Must Pass" like “Beware of Darkness" or “Isn't it a Pity” 28. It’s not that he doesn’t have the patience for a full son he does this to heighten and to get the most of his experience walking to work.
15) 0) text: A large hole in the ground with cement slab poured at the bottom. A HOMELESS MAN dressed in army fatigues sits next to the with his shopping cart. He has long gray hair. He’s proba a Vietnam War Veteran. The shopping cart has a large tattered American flag tied it. As Kengo passes by, he stops and takes a photo. As the shutter snaps, the Homeless Man gives Kengo the pe sign. Kengo flashes it back and keeps walking but he turn look back, wondering about the man for a moment.
16) 0) text: A building built in the mid-1960’s -- four stories with a 20 units. It’s without architectural detail with the exception of a cheesy sign in a Hawaiian-looking font tha reads PARADISE APARTMENTS. In the bottom of the Paradise Apartments is a small offic sign on the door reads PARADISE COPIES and a smaller sign below it reads NOTARY PUBLIC. Kengo walks briskly across the street and into the office
17) 0) text: This is the maintenance and manager’s office for the apartments but also a small copy store and Notary Public. Kengo walks in the front door. A loud bell rings. He turn off the music, pops the headphones out from his ears, and takes off his hat. Behind the counter is his boss, GLEN TABATA, 60, graying handsome but a little uptight. He’s the building manager Notary Public. 29. Glen looks up at Kengo and gives him a very disappointed look. Kengo walks over toward him. He cares what Glen thinks of and is pained to have any disapproval from him.
17) 1) dialog: I’m really sorry, Mr. Tabata. Kengo walks around behind the counter. He carefully puts camera in his backpack.
17) 3) dialog: Okay, (trying it out) Glen. Glen smiles slightly. He turns and begins to sort through some papers. He seems sad and far away. Kengo watches him, seeming to almost absorb his lonelines
17) 4) dialog: (gently, softly) I’m sorry... (trying out his name) Glen. Glen nods.
17) 5) dialog: I was helping my mom at the market. The line was really long and my cell phone battery died. I forgot to charge it. Kengo’s cell phone rings in his pocket. He’s mortified. I rings again. Kengo just stands there.
17) 7) dialog: I missed it. I guess my battery wasn’t totally...
17) 10) dialog: (his finger in his mouth) I always forget. Glen takes a first aid kit off the wall and opens it.
17) 12) dialog: It’s okay. I don’t need... But Glen has already methodically made Kengo a little treatment for his cut. Kengo walks over to the counter offering Glen his finger. 31. Glen carefully blots up the little sliver of blood off Kengo’s finger, applies the anti-bacterial ointment, and gently puts the Band-Aid on it. Kengo watches him. He is touched by how much Glen obvious cares for him. Glen hands Kengo some gloves and Kengo puts them on and g back to work copying the manuscript. Kengo’s cell phone beeps. Glen looks over.
17) 13) dialog: I have a message. It’s probably my mom... Evelyn. Kengo sheepishly pulls his phone out of his pocket and ch it out.
17) 15) dialog: Sorry. I’1l turn the ringer off. He puts his cell phone away and gets back to work.
17) 17) dialog: I feel guilty that I was late.
17) 20) dialog: What happened to her?
17) 22) dialog: Where was that?
17) 24) dialog: Yeah. You did. It sounded really cool.
17) 26) dialog: I’m not humouring you. I like to hear about your life. A WOMAN walks into the shop.
17) 30) text: The text window alerts him that he has a photo. Kengo presses a button and the photo loads. It’s a shot of Sandra’s pelvis. Her pierced navel and smo stomach. Her thumb pulls down the top of her panties so t is just a cute little peak of pubic hair revealed. Kengo stares at the photo. It’s definitely turning him on The machine vibrates as it spits out copies. Kengo presses himself against it as he continues looking his phone and the Sandra’s sexy photo. His cell phone beeps and says LOW BATTERY. Kengo makes sure Glen and the woman are engaged and not looking at him. He presses himself harder against the vibrating machine. humps it a little.
17) 33) dialog: Sure. The woman thanks Glen and leaves. The office phone rings. Glen answers it.
17) 36) dialog: Sorry. He takes it.
17) 37) dialog: Hello, this is Kengo. Oh, Hi Sandra. Kengo pretends to be surprised that it’s her for Glen’s benefit. He gives Glen a big smile and points to the phon
17) 38) dialog: (whispering to Glen) Sandra. Glen smiles.
17) 39) dialog: Yeah, I got it. Of course I knew it was you. Who do you think I thought it was? I recognize them. Kengo goggles.
17) 40) dialog: I made a present for you. He giggles again. Then he remembers Glen. He mouths “sorr to Glen.
17) 41) dialog: Look, I can’t talk now. I’m busy at work and I’m tying up the fax line. What!? Kengo is alarmed and turns away from Glen.
17) 42) dialog: (quietly) Where? You can’t... how did you... I... uh...
17) 43) dialog: (acting normal again) Okay. Well thank you for calling. (MORE )
17) 44) text: KENGO (cont'd) I’ll call you later. Okay. Yeah. Kiss. He hangs up.
17) 45) dialog: Sorry.
17) 47) dialog: Okay, I’m sor... Yeah, okay.
17) 50) dialog: Oh yeah. Uh... Her car got towed. But she’s going to get it now. Kengo walks back over to the machine. The machine hums an blows out hot air. Kengo is very distracted and anxious. stares out the window, grinding his teeth.
17) 51) dialog: (suddenly blurting out) Oh my Jesus Christ! I forgot to go and help Mrs. Jun Pak with her sink... I mean bath leak.
17) 53) dialog: Sorry. I said I would help her yesterday when I saw her at the store. Glen thinks it’s a little odd that Kengo would be in such panic but he is a weird kid sometimes. 36.
17) 54) dialog: There’s a leak and I think it just need tightened. Kengo rushes behind a curtain into a little room and emer with a tool chest. The copy machine starts beeping, alerting them there’s a paper jam.
17) 55) dialog: (very stressed) Oh no. Kengo is frozen with near panic.
18) 0) text: Balconies overlook a small courtyard swimming pool. A ver OVERWEIGHT WOMAN sunbathes. Kengo runs up the stairs carrying the tool chest. He look around to see if anyone is watching him.
19) 0) text: Kengo walks down the dark hallway and stops in front of a door. He knocks. A door down the hall opens. An OLD MAN, wearing an oxygen mask peers into the hall.
19) 1) dialog: Oh, hi Mr. Soon? How is your new stove? The man abruptly closes his door. Kengo looks up and down the hall, paranoid. He knocks on door again, then jiggles the door knob. It opens.
20) 0) text: Kengo walks into the empty apartment. 37. It’s clean but ugly, partially furnished with a table, so chairs and shag carpet all from the 1970's.
20) 1) dialog: Where are you? Kengo closes the door and locks it. He walks into the bedroom.
21) 0) text: A mattress with a flowered bedspread is the only thing in room. Kengo looks around the room. He notices a light on in the bathroom. Kengo walks toward the bathroom.
21) 1) dialog: Hello?
22) 0) text: Kengo walks into the bathroom.
22) 1) dialog: What the fuck? The shower curtain is closed. Kengo walks towards the sho Just as he reaches out to open the shower curtain, it suddenly and violently rips open, terrifying Kengo.
22) 2) dialog: Ahhhh! Sandra stands in the shower. She jumps on Kengo, laughing hysterically.
22) 3) dialog: You scared the shit out of me! Sandra straddles Kengo. Kengo carries her out of the room. 38.
23) 0) text: Kengo throws Sandra on the bed. They roll around making out, pulling each other’s clothes off.
24) 0) text: Kengo and Sandra lie on the bed after sex. They’re wrappe in the bedspread.
24) 1) dialog: I have to get back to work. He starts to get up.
24) 3) dialog: What? She sits on his chest.
24) 5) dialog: I know. It was fun last night too. He squirms out from under her and gives her a kiss.
24) 6) dialog: It always is. I always get horny when I have a hangover. Do you? Sandra sits up and sighs. She looks off making it obvious that something is bothering her.
24) 7) dialog: What? 39.
24) 11) dialog: Yeah, of course. You know that.
24) 13) dialog: What? She buries her head under. He looks for her face in the covers.
24) 14) dialog: What?
24) 19) dialog: What?
24) 21) dialog: We've talked... you... She springs back up and straddles him, looking in his eye
24) 24) dialog: I can’t marry you because... Kengo takes a deep breath. Sandra waits.
24) 25) dialog: (totally serious and without any irony) I’m the son of God. Sandra gets off him, flinging the bedspread off herself a stands up. She starts putting her clothes on. 4l.
24) 28) dialog: I’m not brainwashed. Sandra stares at him waiting for him to say something els
24) 29) dialog: What if it’s true?
25) 0) text: Kengo walks back into the office, a little disheveled. Glen is binding the manuscript that Kengo was copying earlier. He looks up.
25) 2) dialog: Oh no! Kengo turns to go back and get it.
25) 4) dialog: What’s wrong? Mr. Tabata? Glen’s eyes tear up but he quickly turns away.
25) 6) dialog: (gently) Glen. Kengo walks over to him. Glen disappears behind the curtain into the other room. Kengo watches the curtain. Glen comes back carrying a photo album.
25) 9) dialog: Wow! He turns the page and there are more photos of her. A tea falls onto the page, splashing on her face. Kengo looks up at Glen, studying him.
25) 10) dialog: (blurting) Did you know my dad? Do I look like him? Kengo rubs the top of his ear. Glen closes the book slowly. He looks off.
25) 12) dialog: What?
25) 15) dialog: (abrupt, accidently shrill but without anger) I don’t want the store.
25) 18) dialog: (subdued, panic) No, I’m not at all like a son. I don’t know how to be a son. I’m selfish. I can’t... Kengo is trying not to cry.
25) 19) dialog: Are you sure? Doctors are stupid. They say the wrong thing all the time. Glen nods.
25) 21) dialog: Fuck God! Kengo is totally shocked that he has just said this.
25) 22) dialog: I’m sorry.
25) 24) dialog: It’s okay. You can tell me anything.
25) 26) dialog: I have too. Kengo is even more shocked that he’s just said this. It’s like he’s been suddenly stricken with Turrets Syndrome. H face turns bright red. He looks away from Glen. Glen rests his hand on Kengo’s shoulder.
25) 32) dialog: (to the curtian) You were good at being... a little like a father... to me. We can hear Glen quietly crying behind the curtain.
25) 34) dialog: Anything. Glen holds his hand out through the curtain and hands Ken piece of paper and $20.
25) 36) dialog: Okay. Kengo grabs his backpack and starts to head out the door. Glen sticks his head between the curtains.
26) 0) text: Kengo walks slowly through Korea Town. He is still in a b of a daze. He puts on his iPod. Scrolling through the mus he can’t finds the right song for this moment. He pulls out his arm jacket and put it on. He pulls his r hat on too. 47.
27) 0) text: On the wall surrounding the church is a large statue of a angel. His arms are open wide and reaching to the sky. Kengo walks across the street. He stops and stares up at statue. The angel’s lifted arms convey a timeless longing for ecs especially contrasted with the modern 60’s architecture o the church on the other side of the wall. Kengo, in his trance, slowly lifts his arms up imitating angel. People brush past him.
28) 0) text: Kengo hands the prescription to the PHARMACIST. The pharmacist looks at the prescription. He gives Kengo a sa grim look.
28) 2) dialog: (under his breath, to soft to hear) It’s not.... for me.
29) 0) text: Kengo walks out of the pharmacy. He takes his cell phone and looks at the picture of Sandra’s breasts. He calls he
29) 1) dialog: Hi. He starts to get a little choked up but hides it well.
29) 2) dialog: Sandra!? I’m sorry. Wait! Listen to me. What are you doing right now? Can you meet me? Just for ten minutes. I need to talk to someone. (MORE )
29) 3) text: KENGO (cont'd) Can you get something to eat? Meet me at the Tofu House. Okay bye.
30) 0) text: Kengo sits in front of a huge photographic mural of a tem in Korea. It stretches from floor to ceiling and wraps ar the corner. He puts his iPod back on and watches people w by on Wilshire as he waits, listening to music. A sexy WAITRESS with pink hair walks up to his table.
30) 1) dialog: I’m waiting for my... someone.
30) 3) dialog: Yeah, I'll have some green tea. He watches her walk to another table. He turns his music as his mood brightens. He takes his camera out of his backpack. When he is sure that the pink-haired waitress isn’t looki at him, Kengo takes her picture and then quickly puts the camera back. He watches the pink-haired waitress take the check from A MAN. The man is in his 50’s or 60's On her way to the cash register, she gives Kengo a big sm Kengo smiles back and gives her a little wave. Kengo looks back at the Man gather his things and stand u Something about this man is very intriguing to Kengo. He captivated by him. The man is well dressed and handsome and one of the few N Asians in the restaurant at the moment. There is a grace worldly elegance about him that seems from another era; a tailored double breasted suit, a hat, a pocket square. KENGO’S POV
30) 5) dialog: Kengo is frozen and all the color drains from his face. I as if he has seen a ghost. He knocks over his water but j lets it drip off the table and into his lap, numb. The man leaves a tip and slowly starts to walk to the doo The waitress comes back to Kengo’s table with his tea.
31) 0) text: The man walks briskly down Wilshire, navigating his way through an abandoned construction site. We see Kengo, blurry, over the man’s shoulder running, be him. The man slows down to light a cigarette. Kengo gets close The man continues to walk and alternates between smoking picking his teeth with the toothpick.
31) 1) dialog: Kengo keeps his distance, not too far behind him. He’s out of breath, from the rush of adrenaline surging through his body as he trail the man. His heart is beatin very fast. Maybe we hear it.
31) 2) text: We track with the Man and Kengo as they walk about 20 yar apart down the block. They have a similar gait. Kengo doe small skip so he can walk in sync with the man. The man stumbles over a plank. He regains his pace and continues walking, smoking and picking his teeth. When Kengo gets to the plank he imitates the man’s trip.
32) 0) text: The man stops at the corner to wait for the light to chan 51. Kengo walks up to the corner and stands just a few feet behind the man. He cranes his head a little to see around the side of the man’s head, so he can look at his ear. CLOSE UP/KENGO’S POV The side of the man’s head and his strange ear. Kengo gets a good look. Next to the man is a WOMAN waiting with her small SON. He about eight. The little boy looks up and sees his ear too. The little stares. The mother picks up the little boy and whispers something The light changes and the crowd walks. Kengo tries to stay close to him but not too close. He follows him down Wilshire. His lap is wet from the spille water. He looks like he’s wet himself.
33) 0) text: Sandra walks into the Tofu house. She looks around the ne empty restaurant for Kengo, walking through the restauran looking for him. Sandra spots Kengo’s red ski hat sitting on a table. She walks to the table and sits down thinking maybe Kengo is the bathroom. She puts on Kengo’s hat and waits. She feel that it’s wet. She smells the hat.
34) 0) text: The Man waits for the light to change. Kengo stands not f behind him. A couple other people wait too. THE HOMELESS MAN, Kengo took a photo of earlier in the da stands under the fluorescent lights of the gas station. H holds a sign that reads, “VIETNAM VET WILL WORK FOR FOOD SEX." People pump gas ignoring him. The man’s shopping ca with his American flag is parked in front gas station sig 52. Kengo stares at the homeless man, spacing out. He hasn’t noticed that the light has changed. The homeless man recognizes Kengo and salutes him. Kengo salutes him back. He looks back and is shocked to see the and the other people waiting are gone and crossed the str
35) 0) text: Startled out of his trance, Kengo looks around franticly. He catches a glimpse of the man who is heading towards th huge subway stop across the street. Keno’s spacing out has cost him. The light changes back t “don’t walk” and the torrent of traffic is unleased in fr of him, stranding him on his corner. He jumps up to see over a truck. When it passed the man i gone. Kengo jumps into the street nearly getting hit by a SUV. driver lays on the horn hard. Kengo jumps back onto the c There is no way he can cross the street now. Kengo panics
36) 0) text: Through the windows we see Sandra sitting at the table wearing Kengo’s red hat, waiting. The Pink Haired Waitress comes to the table and talks to Sandra.
38) 0) text: Sandra walks out of the Tofu House and onto the street. S puts Kengo’s damp hat on and looks around at a loss of wh to do next.
39) 0) text: Kengo sprints across the street, toward the subway entran Just below the street is a plaza. The ticket booth is on level and escalators that lead down to the metro. Kengo runs down the stairs and into the plaza. He despera searches for the man in the empty plaza. KENGO’S SHAKY FRANTIC POV Searching, spinning 360 degrees around the plaza. We hear breathing. Suddenly the man steps out from behind a ticket kiosk and heads to the escalator.
40) 0) text: Kengo gets on the nearest escalator and hopes it’s the ri one. It’s a long escalator. A hot wind blows up from the subway tracks. The man is gone. Kengo is despondent.
40) 1) dialog: Fuck. Kengo leans over as far as he can and looks down the escalator next to him. This one is even longer. It seem t on forever. Kengo spots the man on that escalator. 54. Kengo hops over the steel partition onto the other escala His backpack almost causes the woman he’s landed behind t fall.
40) 2) dialog: Sorry. Excuse me. I’m really sorry. He cranes his head and stands on his tiptoes. He can see back of the man’s head, about 20 feet ahead of Kengo. Thi an extremely long escalator. Kengo is inpatients is excruciating. He’s terrified he’1l lose sight of the man again. The screeching train pulls into the station. People move quickly down the escalator and onto the platform. A big s on the platform reads “NORTH HOLLYWOOD." The man steps off the escalator and running towards the t and out Kengo’s view. Kengo freaks out and starts to push his way through a cou people. They’re not happy about it.
40) 3) dialog: I’m really sorry. I have to get this train.
41) 0) text: Kengo hits the platform and runs to the train. Just as he gets to it, the doors begin closing. Kengo leaps onto the train. The doors close on his backpa
42) 0) text: Kengo struggles with the door, shoving himself into it wi all his weight, ramming his shoulder into the closing doo People inside the train watch. It’s an impressive fight. 55.
42) 2) dialog: No way. Kengo manages to squeeze himself into the train car. It’s like a difficult birth but he lives. The train lurches of
43) 0) text: A couple people applaud. Kengo feels heroic for a second. A commuter hero beating dehumanizing routine of their day. Kengo looks around. It’s nearly deserted. Just a few grum passengers. No man. Kengo walks up to the front of the car, searching. He wal back to the other end of the car. An OLD BLACK MAN stands up from his seat.
43) 6) dialog: (very quietly) Amen. He tries to peer into the next car.
44) 0) text: A small group of people on the platform lean over the tra and gaze into the tunnel waiting for the train. The rumbl gets louder and the train’s light appears. The people lea step back as the train screeches into the stop. Before the doors even open completely, Kengo launches off train and runs down the platform to the next car. He’s li wild animal pursued by invisible prey. His frantic moveme are oddly reminiscent of his frog dancing the night befor
45) 0) text: Kengo flings himself into the next car just as the doors close.
46) 0) text: Kengo lands directly in front of the man. The man looks up and for a brief moment Kengo and the man make eye contact. In that moment everything goes completely silent except Kengo’s racing beating heart. The world has gone into slo motion. It’s a fleeting moment but of enormous resonance Kengo. The man seems to have glimpsed into Kengo’s soul. The man slowly looks back to the newspaper he was reading The train takes off. 57. Kengo walks down the car to an empty seat. He closes his and tries to calm himself. He opens his eyes. Looking at his reflection in the windo opposite him, he gently feels the shape of his face with fingers. He sneaks glances at the man searching for similarities between them. Kengo examines his reflection. Fade to darkness.
47) 3) dialog: Kengo. (then, spelling it out)
47) 6) dialog: Peace be with you.
49) 3) dialog: Peace be with you.
51) 0) text: Evelyn and Kengo walk off the porch. Evelyn is shaking. 60. Kengo looks up at her and sees that she’s upset. He wraps arms around her waist and hugs her hard.
51) 4) dialog: Evelyn?
51) 6) dialog: Mom?
51) 8) dialog: Where is my father right now? Evelyn and Glen look at each other. She turns 61.
51) 11) dialog: Why?
51) 13) dialog: Why?
51) 19) dialog: Yeah, I know. But God belongs to everybody doesn’t he? Fathers are different though. Everybody has a different one. Right?
51) 21) dialog: I know where babies come from. Glen swerves a little.
51) 22) dialog: And I know how they are made... Evelyn.
52) 0) text: A prison-like elementary school looms in the background. the middle of a baseball game. Young Kengo is way outfield. The ten-year-old PITCHER pitches the ball and the batter it. The ball goes flying through the air. It’s surprising little kid could hit a ball so high. The ball is heading right to Kengo.
52) 3) dialog: Please God... Dad, let me catch this ball. Please... Kengo concentrates really hard. Kids run toward him. The ball is getting closer. Kengo closes his eyes and leans back, face pointed to the sky.
52) 4) dialog: (under his breath, with fast fervor) Please Dad. Prove to me that I’m your son and that you can see me and since you didn’t ever teach me how to catch you can make it up to me now by letting me... The ball flies by him and Kengo falls over backwards tryi to catch it. The ball bounces on the manicured grass a fe feet behind him. People boo and groan.
52) 7) text: His eyes can’t open very wide. Other kids laugh. Kengo opens his eyes and lies there looking up at the sky
53) 0) text: Kengo shakes off the memory and looks over at the man. The man is nodding off. On his lap is a very old medical book. It’s open to a diagram of the human reproductive organs. A woman next to him glances at it, then quickly l away. Kengo looks at the seat across from him. A WHITE KID, abo 15, sitting there now.
54) 0) text: The train comes into the next stop, the man stands up and walks toward the door. The train slows down. 66. The doors open and the man gets off. Kengo jumps up and follows. The kid with the gun stays on the train.
55) 0) text: Kengo follows him up the escalators toward the natural li of...
56) 0) text: The man, with Kengo close behind, emerge into the hazy la afternoon sunlight of the San Fernando Valley. The man crosses the street and waits at a bus stop. Kengo walks over and waits too. He’s less worried about being caught now, so he stands pretty close. The man looks at Kengo. Kengo can feel the man’s eyes on With great courage Kengo turns to meet the man’s eyes. Time seems to stop. Kengo’s heart is in his throat, his e buzz, he can’t breath. The man gives Kengo a barely imperception nod and the faintest smile or does he? Kengo opens his mouth as if to say something. A weird lit song escapes.
57) 0) text: Glen is standing on the sidewalk in front of the office. looks his watch and then walks back in. Sandra pulls up in her Volvo. It makes a lot of noise and belches smoke. Sandra turns off the ignition and gets out. She is wearin Kengo’s red hat. Just as Sandra gets to the front door, Glen walks back ou onto the sidewalk. Sandra takes Kengo’s hat off and walks up to Glen. They talk but we don’t hear what they’re saying. 67. Glen can tell Sandra is upset. He walks her into the offi
58) 0) text: The bus isn’t crowded either. Kengo sits up front across the man. Kengo looks at the man’s hands and then looks down at his own. The bus stops at the next stop and more people get off. A very OLD WOMAN gets on. She is having a hard time walki She stands directly in front of the man. As the bus lurches froward, the old woman almost falls. T man looks back down at his paper. Kengo can’t believe how inconsiderate he is. He is profou disappointed.
58) 1) dialog: (to the old woman) Ma'am!? Excuse me, Ma'am?! The old woman looks over at Kengo.
58) 2) dialog: Please. Sit here. He gets up and helps the woman over to his seat. She sits
58) 7) dialog: Kengo.
58) 9) dialog: No. I’m American.
58) 11) dialog: Here. I’m American. I was born here.
58) 13) dialog: No, I’m Chinese. I’m a Chinese American. With a Japanese name.
58) 15) dialog: No, I live in K-Town. The old woman cocks her head and gives him a puzzled look
58) 16) dialog: Korea Town.
58) 18) dialog: (under his breath) Shit! He answers his phone.
58) 19) dialog: (quiet) Hello? Glen? He panics.
58) 20) dialog: Sandra?! Everyone on the bus looks at him because Kengo just yelpe her name. Even the man looks up from his paper for a moment. Kengo and the man make eye for a brief second. The man looks back at his reading.
58) 21) dialog: (quieter) I’m really sorry. I can’t believe what's happening... His phone starts to beep, obnoxiously. He looks at it.
58) 22) dialog: Oh, fuck, Sandra my battery is dying. I’m okay but something really... His phone dies. He closes it and put it away. The Old Woman laughs. Kengo looks down at her. She is asleep but once in a while, she laughs and smiles. The bus pulls onto the freeway. It looks like it’s going somewhere far. 70. Kengo puts his iPod on. He scrolls though some music searching for something that seems appropriately weighty enough for this situation. As he searches for the right music he watches the man, looking for a song that fits his vibe. He tries several different songs but everything seems trivial. Then suddenly he finds something. It’s strange a haunting. It could be the man’s theme song. Note: Arvo Part (something from LITANY), Brian Eno and Ha Budd (something from THE PEARL) would all have pieces tha would be great here.
60) 0) text: Kengo steals looks at the man. His hands, shoes, parts of face, mouth... The man takes some pills out of his pocket. He tosses a p into the back of his throat and swallows it dry. Kengo swallows in unison. He looks out the window seeing: EXT. FREEWAY - LATE AFTERNOON (KENGO’S POV) A station wagon carries a family. A MAN drives while his is turned around in her seat yelling at her SON in the ba seat. The little boy is crying.
60) 2) dialog: It’s okay! It’s okay! It’s just an earthquake. Evelyn flies across the room and lands in bed with Kengo. grabs onto him like he’s a life raft.
60) 4) dialog: I don’t think that was the big one, but it was a big one. Kengo sits up and the bed moves. Evelyn think it’s anothe earthquake.
60) 6) dialog: Mom, it’s okay. That was me. He hugs her, comforting her.
60) 7) dialog: Next time we should stand in the door jam. That’s what you’re supposed to do. It’s the strongest part of the building. Evelyn is crying.
60) 9) dialog: We're okay.
60) 11) dialog: Come on, let’s go back inside. The building’s fine. The traumatized old woman watches them retreat back into building.
61) 0) text: Kengo paces as he dials the phone that’s tethered to the kitchen wall. He gets a busy signal and dials again. It’s busy.
61) 1) dialog: (under his breath) Shit! The electricity buzzes back on and several lights come on
62) 0) text: Evelyn sits on the couch very disheveled and scared, watching news about the earthquake on television. She has blanket wrapped around her. Kengo comes in from the kitchen carrying a tray of tea. H sits down next to her and hands her a cup. 76.
62) 1) dialog: I keep trying to call Sandra but it’s busy. Evelyn takes the tea and grabs Kengo’s hand and holds on it tightly.
62) 4) dialog: It’s okay.
63) 3) dialog: (calm, strong) I’m not going.
63) 5) dialog: I’m not a believer, Mom. Not anymore. Evelyn freezes her frantic gathering. He walks over to he and places his hands on her shoulders.
63) 6) dialog: I haven't been for a long time and I’ve felt like... I don’t know... Today feels like a good time to tell you. Evelyn sits down on the floor and puts her head in her ha
63) 7) dialog: I’m sorry mom. I love you but I don’t believe in your... God. I’m not going to pretend like it anymore. Evelyn starts to cry.
63) 8) dialog: Come on Evelyn. Don’t be a martyr. She stands up walks to her room and closes the door. INT. EVELYN ‘S ROOM - DAY Evelyn lies on her bed and weeps. Kengo knocks on the doo and then walks into the room. He sits down on her bed. He hands her a box of tissues. She takes them and blows her and rubs her eyes. 78.
63) 10) dialog: Evelyn? He makes sure he has her attention. This is serious.
63) 11) dialog: I want you to tell me who my father was. Evelyn takes a deep breath.
63) 13) dialog: (strong and firm) No Evelyn. The truth. Evelyn hides her face under a pillow.
63) 15) dialog: (firm but calm) Enough Mom. Tell me. You can’t hide this from me my whole life. I’1l never be able to believe in anything if you do. Evelyn is surprised by how self possessed her boy suddenl is. The earthquake has cracked the surface of him and a m is underneath.
64) 0) text: Kengo and Evelyn sit at the kitchen table looking at each other. They drink tea. 79. Evelyn holds the army jacket we recognize as Kengo’s, now She carefully places it on the table like it’s an egg. Ke reaches for it but Evelyn holds her hand up stopping him. Evelyn gets up and grabs a small box she keeps on the top the refrigerator. She sits back down with it, takes a cigarette and a book of matches out and, lights it. She t a big inhale and slowly exhales. Kengo is a little shocked but he doesn’t say anything. Evelyn takes another big drag. She starts to say somethin but then stops, only smoke coming out of her mouth.
64) 1) dialog: (frustrated) Come on Evelyn. Talk. Evelyn takes another drag and exhales.
64) 5) dialog: What... ‘disturbing thoughts’? This is difficult to talk about with her son. 80.
64) 13) dialog: (trying not sound horrified) Go on. 81.
64) 15) dialog: Yes. God, what century are we living in? You’re acting like... there is still a queen or something. I know what it is to have knowledge of... someone. Now, Evelyn’s a little shocked. She looks at him, wonderi if he really knows what having knowledge means. Kengo presses together the index finger and thumb on his hand, then sticks his other finger through it a few times clearly indicating sexual intercourse. Evelyn gasps and swats the offending gesture off Kengo’s hands.
64) 16) dialog: Stop stalling. She takes another drag of her cigarette.
64) 18) dialog: Mom... He uses “mom” as a weapon of manipulation.
64) 19) dialog: Just tell me about my father.
64) 21) text: EVELYN (cont'd) A friend of mine introduced me to a doctor who gave me an abortion. She looks at Kengo for his reaction, making sure he isn’t shocked at what she is telling him. Then she continues.
64) 25) dialog: Mom? Evelyn snaps out of it. She looks at Kengo, remembering a that he’s here. She continues her story.
64) 30) dialog: Yes. Totally. I carry them in my wallet. She stares at him.
64) 31) dialog: Go on! Come on!
64) 33) dialog: Jesus! Evelyn is self-conscious. Embarrassed, she looks down.
64) 34) dialog: (gently, encouraging) Sorry. Go on. 84. Her cigarette helps her have a little more courage. She t a big drag and blow more smoke rings. They’re like little shields of smoke.
64) 38) dialog: Mom? Tell me. Please.
64) 43) dialog: Oh, whatever. Evelyn is slightly startled back into the room from her memory.
64) 46) dialog: (in awe) This was his? Evelyn suddenly starts to cry. Kengo picks it up and smells it.
64) 51) dialog: With me? Evelyn nods slowly. Outside, another siren screams past. Kengo takes this in. Now he has even more questions but h doesn’t know where to start. Evelyn senses this and tries to help out.
64) 53) dialog: Didn’t you tell him that?
64) 56) dialog: I understand. I don’t blame you.
64) 60) dialog: Fucker. Kengo pats her hand.
64) 63) dialog: I’m glad you didn’t.
64) 65) dialog: So, biologically speaking, my father is that fucking obstetrician that you... had knowledge of?
64) 67) text: EVELYN (cont'd) I took the most rigorous contraceptive measures and became pregnant. In fact, I became pregnant three times in a row. That’s not chance. Kengo knows what’s coming.
64) 70) dialog: Oh God mom. They brainwashed you. I’m sure every mother wants to think her son is the son of God but... He stops knowing there’s no dissuading her from her faith
64) 71) dialog: Does the doctor know that you had me?
64) 74) dialog: Mom? Evelyn consciousness comes back into the room.
64) 76) dialog: Am I like him at all? What did I get from him? Evelyn looks at him, considering his question.
64) 78) dialog: What?
65) 0) text: Kengo, lost in thought and memory, stares off into the va empty spaces of the valley outside the bus window. 91. The old woman wakes up and looks up at Kengo. She taps hi leg, startling him.
65) 5) dialog: Are you physic? The woman laughs.
65) 7) dialog: Can I take your portrait? 92.
65) 9) dialog: No, no, that’s not... I think you have a great face. The old woman bats her eyes like a Hollywood starlet. Kengo laughs, taking this as consent.
65) 11) dialog: No, this good old fashioned film. He crouches down, positioning himself so the old woman is the foreground, and in the frame not far behind her, the The woman stares into his lens. Kengo racks the focus to...
65) 13) dialog: (in frustration) Oh.
65) 15) dialog: (distracting, looking at the man) No. It’s great. That was the last shot.
65) 16) dialog: (to the old woman) This is my stop. The old woman blows him a kiss as the bus slows.
66) 0) text: The bus drives off, leaving the two of them. Power lines buzz and crackle in the distance suspended by huge towers. This is mostly an industrial area but a new housing development is creeping in. Every few blocks betw warehouses an old house remains, but not for long. The sun is low and the few clouds are beginning to take o orange tint. The man walks slowly along the barren street. Kengo quietly follows half a block behind him. They’re the only people on the street and seems like they the only ones left on the planet. A cold dry desert wind blows litter down the street. A fa food wrapper, wraps around Kengo’s shin. He has to shake leg violently to get it off. As Kengo passes a junk-yard, a furious dog runs at him flinging itself against the fence barking ferociously at Kengo. The dog didn’t bark at the man. Kengo is startled and even more adrenaline pumps through He walks on, his heart pounding. 94. The only sound now is the man’s shoes rhythmically tappin against the side walk. It’s oddly hypnotic. Kengo’s practices his silent Ninja walking.
67) 1) text: Two giant electrical towers holding up power lines rise o of the field of dead grass and dumped garbage. The power lines buzz loudly like a swarm of giant insects The man and Kengo are like ants as they make their way ac the buzzing field. Kengo remains at a safe distance but makes sure he keeps man in view.
67) 2) dialog: He walks with determined trepidation as if his about to discover a new continent or the secret identity of a spy.
67) 3) dialog: (whispering, barely audible) Are you my father? He takes a deep breath.
67) 4) dialog: (just slightly louder) Are you my father? He takes another deep breath.
67) 5) dialog: (as loud as he can without the man hearing) Are you my one-eared father? Kengo takes a deep breath. 95.
67) 6) dialog: (yelling as loud as he can)
67) 8) dialog: Crouching in the tall grass his heart beating wildly, he hears the man walking toward him. The man looks around and then turns and keeps walking.
68) 0) text: The man leaves the field and walks around the corner of a building. Kengo pops up and runs as fast as he can to catch up.
69) 0) text: The man, his shoes clicking walks along. Kengo appears behind him. They continue walking through the industrial wasteland of this part of town.
69) 1) dialog: 
69) 2) dialog: (quietly) If you are my father, you will know I’m here. Kengo closes his eyes concentrating. He continues walking
69) 3) dialog: (quiet, pleading) Turn around and see me. 96. Kengo opens his eyes. The man doesn’t turn around. Kengo closes his eyes again.
69) 4) dialog: If you are my father... He stumbles off the curb. He opens his eyes.
69) 5) dialog: Come on. I’m part of you. Kengo’s eyes fill with tears. He desperately needs this m to turn around and acknowledge
69) 6) dialog: him. (a touch of anger) I’m from you. Turn around. Kengo stops walking and concentrates hard. He touches the cross around his neck.
69) 8) text: Kengo: eyes shut, reaching for Who is this bizarre, seemingly gesticulating and genuflecting
69) 10) dialog: Kengo keeps his eyes squeezed shut squeezing out tears.
69) 11) dialog: (like a prayer) Are you my father? see Kengo. the sky. possessed street kid, to the sky? on, his shoes clicking against as tight as possible, He raises his arms up in the air as a answer he needs.
69) 12) dialog: See me. 97. conduit to receive the He puts his arms down and slowly opens his eyes. KENGO’S POV The street is empty. The man is gone. Kengo panics. He runs up the street.
69) 13) dialog: (yelling) Hey! Kengo comes to an alley too narrow to Kengo stops. He listens and faintly but distinctly echoing from somewhere down the alley. He walks runs down the long alley.
70) 0) text: This is the same dusty baseball diamond we saw at the beginning of the script: Long neglected, surrounded by a rusty chain-link fence, weeds growing on the pitcher’s mound, the dilapidated dugout, tagged with layers of graffiti, discarded spray paint can laying under the bleachers, the burnt its wheels. and rusted car missing 98. Kengo runs into the diamond and stops.
70) 1) dialog: (yelling) Hey! Hello! There is only a slight echo.
70) 2) dialog: (yelling) Bastard! Still nothing.
70) 3) dialog: (not yelling) Fucking bastard. Where did you go? He listens of an answer. Again just the wind.
70) 4) dialog: I'm the bastard. Kengo kicks an empty spray paint can. The can bounces thr the dirt. He walks over to the battered car and looks inside. KENGO’S POV
70) 7) dialog: Kengo turns in a full circle surveying the area. He walks into the dugout. The dugout’s walls are amazingly colorful, covered with graffiti and spray paint art. A lot of it is people’s nam and gang tags - where they are from names, names of couples... a few political slogans. One reads “USA Lies.” Kengo walks over and picks up the can of spray paint. He shakes it then holds his hand out and sprays. The very last bit of red pant weekly spurts onto Kengo’s hand. He throws the can as hard as he can. It clangs loudly aga the car. Kengo walks over to the wall and presses his hand against He bangs his fist on top of his hand making sure it’s pre against the wall hard. Satisfied he gently removes his ha He backs up admiring his work.
70) 13) dialog: Oh, God. 102. A large gust of wind whistles hauntingly through the rust chain-link fence like it’s answering him. Kengo starts to cry. The last light of the day drains from the sky. Slow dissolve to...
71) 0) text: Kengo rides the bus. It’s dark outside and the fluorescen lights in the bus are bright. There are only a few other passengers. They all ride in silence. Slow dissolve to...
72) 0) text: Kengo gets off the subway at Vermont and Wilshire and rid the very long escalator up to street level. Slow dissolve to...
73) 0) text: It’s raining lightly and the streets are slick, reflectin the headlights of the traffic. Fog has rolled in and the streetlights radiate an eerie glow. Kengo walks along the sidewalk slowly and contemplatively Korea Town swirls around him. An OLD MAN sells flowers from a little kiosk. Kengo stops at the flower stand. The homeless man with the American flag on his shopping c walks by, singing The Star Spangled Banner. The Star Spangled Banner echoes, slowly dissolving over..
74) 0) text: This mid-century house in a suburban neighborhood is just the edge of K-Town. 103. Kengo walks across the street and stops in front of the house. He holds a small bouquet of daisies. Kengo makes a loud chirp. His signal to Sandra. There is response so he chirps again. Still nothing.
74) 1) dialog: (loud whisper) Sandra. A light in the house goes on. A MAN, 50’S (Sandra’s father) opens the front door. He st at Kengo. Sandra is obviously not home. Kengo walks away. INT. KENGO AND EVELYN’S APT. - NIGHT Kengo quietly opens up the front door. He carries the bou of daisies. He steps into the hall, trying not to make th floor creak. It’s like a mine field but he’s well practic at maneuvering through it. If Evelyn is sleeping, he does want to wake her. Music begins playing from the living room. It’s haunting beautiful. Maybe traditionally Asian.
75) 0) text: Sandra drives her Volvo up to the front of Kengo’s buildi She is wearing Kengo’s hat. She takes a hand off the whee honk the horn but stops herself. She turns the igniting o and sits there for a moment in the quiet. She takes a tis from the dashboard and blows her nose.
76) 0) text: Sandra gets out of her car. She stares up at Kengo’s building. Her eyes are puffy from crying. INT. KENGO AND EVELYN’S APT. - NIGHT Kengo walks down the hall forgetting to close the front d 104. KENGO’S POV Floating towards the living room and the source of the mu Slowly we round the doorway revealing...
77) 0) text: Evelyn, dances slowly around the room to the music. She i dressed in a beautiful silk nightgown, seeming to almost gravity with her grace, totally uninhabited. Kengo sets the daisies down next to the record player. He leans against the door and watches Evelyn, hypnotised. He dance is almost mournful. Evelyn turns and sees Kengo. She smiles at him, dancing slowly, using the whole room as her stage. Kengo starts to sway to the music. He steps into the room dances slowly in place. Evelyn reaches her arms out inviting Kengo to dance with Kengo smiles and pushes himself off the wall, toward her. Evelyn embraces Kengo and they begin to dance together, around the room. Sandra quietly steps into the doorway, peering into the living room. Kengo’s red ski hat is in her hand. Kengo sees Sandra over Evelyn’s shoulder and keeping Evel back to Sandra, he looks at her. He can see she’s been crying. Sandra watches Kengo and Evelyn’s intimate dance. The hat slips out of her hand. Kengo gently takes Evelyn’s hands from himself and steps of her embrace. Evelyn turns and sees Sandra. She stops dancing. Kengo walks across the room toward Sandra. He picks his h up from the floor and places it on Sandra’s head. Kengo reaches his hand out to Sandra. 105. Sandra takes a small hesitant step towards Kengo and he t her in his arms and guides her into the room. Kengo leads her, gracefully into his dance. They use the full space o the room, moving through it effortlessly. Evelyn takes a step back and watches. Sandra closes her eyes and hugs Kengo, harder. The tensio her face relaxes. They press their bodies together, tight Evelyn turns away and dances slowly in her corner of the room, her back to Kengo and Sandra. Freeze Frame. The music continues. Fade Out.
77) 3) text: Kengo’s music. Under the end credits we fade up to: The photo Kengo took on the bus. The old woman is blurry but we can tell she is smiling. Behind her, THE MAN is standing. His head is almost completely out of frame. We can’t see his eyes, nose or a of his face. But we can see the bottom of his profile, an as we slowly zoom in, his ear. Fade out.