14) 0) text: Kengo emerges onto Wilshire. A few people on the street b even here it’s oddly deserted for such a huge city. Kengo reaches into his pocket, scrolling through for the perfect music for the frenetic mood of the street. A ambulance screams buy but Kengo can’t hear it. He looks u a helicopter circling. Each song he goes though changes the vibe completely, eve it’s just for the split-second before he changes it again finds a perfect song. The song transforms his mood. He walks faster with a swag inspired by the energy of the rock song. Note: The song he listens to here should be pop, loud and ecstatic. Kengo walks along, watching the traffic and looking at th architecture and occasional pedestrian. An OLD WOMAN in a traditional Korean outfit walks by. A couple of SECRETARIES gossip and smoke. SOMEONE dressed u a hotdog waits to pass out fliers to people but there is barley anyone walking. He waves at traffic. Kengo slows to take a few photographs. He changes the music again. This time it’s Jazz from the 1950's. The scene takes on a totally different mood. Note: Think Miles Davis. Maybe something from “Walking.” He changes the music a couple more times. A sad ballad, H Hop, 60's psychedellia... (Note: Think something from George Harrison's “All Things Must Pass" like “Beware of Darkness" or “Isn't it a Pity” 28. It’s not that he doesn’t have the patience for a full son he does this to heighten and to get the most of his experience walking to work.
58) 0) text: The bus isn’t crowded either. Kengo sits up front across the man. Kengo looks at the man’s hands and then looks down at his own. The bus stops at the next stop and more people get off. A very OLD WOMAN gets on. She is having a hard time walki She stands directly in front of the man. As the bus lurches froward, the old woman almost falls. T man looks back down at his paper. Kengo can’t believe how inconsiderate he is. He is profou disappointed.
58) 3) dialog: Thank you very much. It’s so hard for me to get to the back of the bus. She smiles at Kengo.
58) 4) dialog: You’re such a handsome gentleman. Kengo smiles.
58) 5) dialog: You must have lovely parents. 68. Kengo smiles. He looks over to the man who continues to r
58) 6) dialog: What is your name?
58) 8) dialog: Oh that’s a Japanese name! Are you... Japanese?
58) 10) dialog: But where are you from originally?
58) 12) dialog: But... you’re Japanese?
58) 14) dialog: That is very American. I’m Polish. We don’t have a Polish town but you have a Little Tokyo and a Chinatown. Do you live there?
58) 17) dialog: Oh, how confusing. Kengo sort of fake laughs, humoring her. 69. His cell phone rings. This panics him. He grabs it and lo at it. It say’s Work.
65) 0) text: Kengo, lost in thought and memory, stares off into the va empty spaces of the valley outside the bus window. 91. The old woman wakes up and looks up at Kengo. She taps hi leg, startling him.
65) 1) dialog: You look very far away in a sad place. Kengo looks over at the man and looks closer at his ear. KENGO’S POV A slow zoom into the man’s ear. It does look like it was chewed off by a dog. Kengo looks back at the old woman.
65) 2) dialog: Whatever it is that is troubling you will be gone. Things are always changing. The woman holds her finger up as if to tell him to wait. closes her eyes. She opens them again.
65) 3) dialog: See. Things are different now than they were a second ago. Kengo smiles.
65) 4) dialog: There is only ever... now.
65) 6) dialog: No. Just very old. So I know a little about time. Like he’s been struck by lightning, Kengo suddenly rememb something. He unzips his backpack and takes out his camer
65) 8) dialog: Why, Because I’m such a relic? You’ve never seen anyone this old.
65) 10) dialog: Is that digital? That’s all anyone ever says anymore. Digital, digital, digital. The whole world is not made of one’s and zeros.
65) 14) dialog: What? Bad? Ugly? The man is getting ready to get off at the next stop. 93.
65) 17) dialog: Remember... It’s always right now. The doors open and Kengo follows the man off the bus.
77) 3) text: Kengo’s music. Under the end credits we fade up to: The photo Kengo took on the bus. The old woman is blurry but we can tell she is smiling. Behind her, THE MAN is standing. His head is almost completely out of frame. We can’t see his eyes, nose or a of his face. But we can see the bottom of his profile, an as we slowly zoom in, his ear. Fade out.