2) 0) text: Kengo waits, pacing on the corner. He changes his backpack from one shoulder to the other, looking down the street, a little anxious. He sees someth He hops to his feet, excitedly. KENGO’S POV: A BEAUTIFUL GIRL crosses the street. This is SANDRA, Kengo’s girlfriend. Sandra is dressed in a great cool outfit that she’s made herself. She has a totally unique style and vibe with the awkward grace of young race horse colt.
2) 2) dialog: (yelling) Hey! She trips over the curb as she hops off the traffic islan the center of Wilshire Blvd. One of her shoes to shoot of her foot and into the street. Kengo’s face lights up. He runs into the street, dodging honking car. He grabs her shoe and runs to her, falling o his knees, holding her shoe out. Sandra does a little leap in the air and a kick. She slip her foot into the shoe. Kengo kisses up her leg and up her body to her face. The embrace, not noticing the car that’s stopped, waiting for them to get out of the way.
2) 3) dialog: My punk Prince Charming. The driver lays on his horn. Startled, they run back to t sliver of island in the center of Wlishire Blvd.
2) 5) dialog: You could have gone in. You didn’t have to wait.
2) 7) dialog: Now I’m marked for life. She kissed him.
3) 0) text: Kengo and Sandra walk off of Wilshire onto a quiet side street.
3) 3) text: A view of the sky, framed by a window. A 747 flies throug beautiful sunset, over the buildings of Korea Town. Kengo silhouette, his back to us, looks out the window. It’s a great photograph. It expresses a palatable sense of longi Sandra slowly looks back up at Kengo and smiles, impresse Kengo quickly snaps a photo of Sandra, smiling at him in yellow street light.
3) 4) dialog: (quietly, a bit in awe) Oh, Kengo! It’s really beautiful.
3) 8) dialog: I love it. What airline is that?
3) 11) dialog: I can feel you in it. It’s... melancholy but it’s... expansive too. Kengo is deeply pleased by her critique.
3) 12) dialog: You're getting really good. EXT. HOUSE “BAR CODE” - NIGHT People talk and smoke out front as Kengo and Sandra walk INT. THE HOUSE “BAR CODE” - NIGHT The house has been converted into a small club and bar. I intimate but sophisticated. It’s populated by good lookin mostly Asian hipsters. People dance. A DJ spins records. ball machines line the wall. Kengo and Sandra sit drinking and talking with a couple friends. We can’t hear the dialogue but Kengo is clearly animated with his friends and having a good time. Sandra is moving around to the music, shaking her hair, bobbing her head, wanting to get up and dance. She gestur a toward the dancers. Kengo shakes his head. Kengo’s friend puts a shot in front of him and Kengo knoc it back His friend hands him another. He drinks that too. Sandra grabs Kengo and pulls. He grabs the table, in mock panic for leverage but she’s strong, and pulls him towards the dancers. Kengo puts up a good struggle but she gets him out in fro of the speakers. She dances around him seductively. He tentatively begins to flap his arms like a weird bird to music. BACK AT THE TABLE, his friends watch and laugh. ON THE DANCE FLOOR, the camera swirls around Kengo and Sandra. Kengo becomes more confident. People dance around him as inhibitions melt away. His dancing movements are weird an floppy but strangely cool. Awkwardly smooth like a frog d ballet. Sandra dances along laughing. She leans over and plugs on ear and yells above the music in the other.
3) 13) dialog: Super-Frog! Kengo kisses her and then leaps into the air flapping his arms and legs harder hopping around, head swiveling aroun his neck. Sandra grabs his head again and pulls it to her.
3) 14) dialog: (loud whisper) Big dicked Super-Frog! She rubs his crotch. He presses against her. As we PULL BACK the sound slowly fades to complete silenc Just the image remains. 10. People dance wildly, surrealistically in the silence. Slow fade out.
4) 0) text: Sandra and Kengo zigzag drunkenly down the street leaning against each other for support. Sandra carries her tube with Kengo’s photo inside. Kengo looks up at the sky and stops walking. Sandra wraps arms around him looking up to see what he sees.
4) 1) dialog: What?
4) 3) dialog: (quietly) It’s full. All the lunatics are out. She kisses him out of his trance.
4) 4) dialog: (realizing, ohhh!) That’s what the word came from. Crazy from the moon. Kengo cocks his head.
4) 5) dialog: Luna...tics...
4) 8) dialog: Take a picture of us now. Kengo holds the camera out at as far as he can, stretchin his arm. They press their faces together. She bites his e
4) 12) dialog: I love it.
4) 14) dialog: God, you’re so insecure. Sandra grabs his face and kisses him.
4) 15) dialog: It’s a great photograph. You're gifted. 12.
5) 0) text: A group of KOREAN KIDS take turns running and jumping as as they can, planting their feet on the wall. A GIRL measures how high each guys’ feet land. She takes money from people betting on who can plant their feet the highest. Kengo and Sandra stop to watch them. Kengo takes a photo. After a moment, Sandra pulls Kengo away.
6) 0) text: Kengo and Sandra stand against Sandra’s car, a dirty old Volvo, and make out. It’s messy and passionate. Sandra puts her hand down Kengo’s pants the abruptly pull away and walks to the driver’s side of her car.
6) 1) dialog: Get in, Super-Frog.
6) 3) dialog: Who said anything about driving? Get in. Sandra unlocks her door and plops in. She takes a little flask out of her glove compartment and takes a swig. Kengo presses his face against the windshield. Sandra honks the horn. INT. SANDRA’S CAR - NIGHT Kengo kisses the windshield.
6) 4) dialog: Oh that’s so gross. I’m never kissing you again. (MORE )
6) 5) text: SANDRA (cont'd) There’s like about a billion squushed bugs on the windshield. I haven’t washed it since we went to Joshua Tree. Kengo tries to get in the passenger side of the car but Sandra quickly locks it.
6) 7) dialog: No way. Bug mouth. But I guess that’s what super frogs eat. Bug guts. Kengo ducks down, disappearing from view. Sandra moves to the passenger seat and looks in the side mirror trying to find him. She opens the driver’s door leaning out. Kengo leaps up f behind it and pushes her back into the car, kissing her passionately. Keeping his lips locked to hers as he crawl over her to the passenger seat.
6) 8) dialog: Tell me about how you used to pretend you were an invisible Ninja.
6) 11) dialog: I’d look in people’s windows and see families eating diner. 14. Kengo takes a big swig from the flask. Sandra sucks it ou his mouth.
6) 16) dialog: (shocked) You never told me that part.
6) 18) dialog: You are such a liar. They make out passionately. Kengo slides his hands back u her skirt. Sandra fumbles with his belt. 15.
6) 19) dialog: (without taking her lips off Kengo’s) Take them off. Kengo removes her panties and puts them in his mouth. He shakes his head and growls like a dog with a toy.
6) 20) dialog: (giggling) No. Your pants. She pulls her panties but he won’t let go. She does and t elastic snaps him in the face.
6) 23) dialog: No, Kengo. Your mom.
6) 25) dialog: It always so weird there. It’s like... She looks off frustrated.
6) 27) dialog: I feel... I don’t know... like the other woman. 16. Kengo is freaked by what she’s just said. He expertly sha it off.
6) 30) dialog: No way. Can’t risk it. My dad would skewer you and have... frog legs. She thinks this is really funny.
6) 31) dialog: (suddenly a great idea) Wait! Sandra has a very mischievous look on her face.
6) 32) dialog: Let’s go to the building where you work. We can sneak into one of the empty apartments.
6) 34) dialog: We'll be really quiet. We’ve done it before.
6) 37) dialog: (giggling) Busy-body? She kisses him.
6) 38) dialog: You’re such a freak. They start to make out and it gets heavier and more inten
6) 39) dialog: Fuck me. Kengo pulls his wallet out and gets a condom out of his pocket.
6) 40) dialog: Give it to me. I’1ll put it on. She gets his pants off and leans back for a better view.
6) 41) dialog: Wow! God, I’m always surprised by how big it is.
6) 43) dialog: Yes. They continue making out as Sandra puts the condom on him They slide over the seats, into the back of Sandra’s Volv Their heads hit the roof and they have to kick their legs position themselves in the back seat. They’re laughing as they fumble with each other’s clothes soon their passion takes over.
6) 44) dialog: (breathless) Busy-bodies. 18.
6) 46) dialog: Oh God, no! EXT. SANDRA’S CAR - NIGHT Close on: Sandra’s bare feet pressed against the back win Her toes wiggles around in passion her feet press against window harder making little foggy impressions on the glas Slow move back revealing more of the car. The flash goes off. It’s like lightning in a Volvo. A couple walk by on the street, not noticing. The flash g off again. The car rocks gently. SLOW DISSOLVE TO... EXT. KENGO’S ROOM - DAY
10) 0) text: Evelyn sits on the floor and chants in front of a alter t she’s constructed in the corner of the room. It’s an ecle mix of Buddhist, Hindu and Christian icons. A large Thai Buddha, a big cross, a Ganesh statue... Evelyn’s eyes are closed. She gently rocks back and forth chanting. Kengo passes through room. He stops to watch her. He loos himself for a moment in her rhythmic chanting and prayer. voice is lovely and radiates peace. 25. INT. KENGO’S ROOM - DAY Kengo stuffs a few things into his backpack: his camera, sketch book, a vintage army jacket that has several badge and buttons pinned to it... He looks at his night stand noticing something. KENGO’S POV: On his night stand: film canisters, change, gum and peaki out from under a photography magazine, a thin gold chain. Kengo pulls the chain revealing a small cross fastened to He hasn’t seen in a long time. He holds the tiny cross in palm of his hand and considers it. He spaces out to it, nearly hypnotised. It catches the light and flashes, gent pulling his consciousness back into the room. He kisses the cross and fastens the chain around his neck Kengo carefully rolls up the naked print of Sandra and sl it into a tube. He puts the tube in his backpack. He sticks ear pods in his ears, presses play on his iPod shoves it in his pocket. He shoves his cell phone in the other pocket, takes one of the cameras off the shelf and off. Kengo's music starts.
17) 30) text: The text window alerts him that he has a photo. Kengo presses a button and the photo loads. It’s a shot of Sandra’s pelvis. Her pierced navel and smo stomach. Her thumb pulls down the top of her panties so t is just a cute little peak of pubic hair revealed. Kengo stares at the photo. It’s definitely turning him on The machine vibrates as it spits out copies. Kengo presses himself against it as he continues looking his phone and the Sandra’s sexy photo. His cell phone beeps and says LOW BATTERY. Kengo makes sure Glen and the woman are engaged and not looking at him. He presses himself harder against the vibrating machine. humps it a little.
23) 0) text: Kengo throws Sandra on the bed. They roll around making out, pulling each other’s clothes off.
24) 0) text: Kengo and Sandra lie on the bed after sex. They’re wrappe in the bedspread.
24) 2) dialog: Wait. She pushes him back down on the bed.
24) 4) dialog: That was fun.
24) 8) dialog: Nothing. Kengo rubs her back.
24) 9) dialog: We've been together for a long time and... we still like each other. Right? She looks at him. He spaces our. She lightly taps him.
24) 10) dialog: Do you still like me?
24) 12) dialog: It’s real between us. I don’t understand... She picks at a loose thread on the bedspread.
24) 15) dialog: Why... Why are we sneaking around still? Hiding. They’ve talked about this a million times. She is on egg shells here.
24) 16) dialog: (gently) Who are we hiding from? They stare at each other for a long moment. 40.
24) 17) dialog: This is so lame and... bourgeois. It’s like we’re having... an affair. She pulls at the bedspread thread. It starts to unravel. Kengo gently stops her, taking her hand in his.
24) 18) dialog: I don’t why... Fuck. She falls back on the bed, exasperated.
24) 20) dialog: Why we can’t get married?
24) 22) dialog: I want you to tell me again. Kengo avoids her interrogating stare. She pushes him onto back so she is on top of him.
24) 23) dialog: Kengo?
24) 26) dialog: I can’t believe you’re still saying that hit Kengo. She hops around angrily trying to but her pants on.
24) 27) dialog: (pissed) I thought you would have outgrown it by now. You’re fucking brainwashed. Kengo gets up and starts to put on his clothes on, too.
24) 30) dialog: (super frustrated) It’s not true. Sandra is dressed. She starts to walk away. She stops and turns back to him.
24) 31) dialog: (sadly, soft) You’re just a scared little frog boy. She shakes her head and walks out of the room. Kengo list to the door slam as Sandra leaves. He walks to the window, opening the curtian. He watches h walk down the hall and quickly away. Kengo looks up to the sky spacing out to... Another huge jet makes it’s decent, banking into it final turn above downtown and on to LAX. 42.
29) 0) text: Kengo walks out of the pharmacy. He takes his cell phone and looks at the picture of Sandra’s breasts. He calls he
33) 0) text: Sandra walks into the Tofu house. She looks around the ne empty restaurant for Kengo, walking through the restauran looking for him. Sandra spots Kengo’s red ski hat sitting on a table. She walks to the table and sits down thinking maybe Kengo is the bathroom. She puts on Kengo’s hat and waits. She feel that it’s wet. She smells the hat.
36) 0) text: Through the windows we see Sandra sitting at the table wearing Kengo’s red hat, waiting. The Pink Haired Waitress comes to the table and talks to Sandra.
37) 2) dialog: God, he is such a freak.
38) 0) text: Sandra walks out of the Tofu House and onto the street. S puts Kengo’s damp hat on and looks around at a loss of wh to do next.
53) 2) dialog: Fucker. Sandra starts to cry. A car behind her honks. She drives
57) 0) text: Glen is standing on the sidewalk in front of the office. looks his watch and then walks back in. Sandra pulls up in her Volvo. It makes a lot of noise and belches smoke. Sandra turns off the ignition and gets out. She is wearin Kengo’s red hat. Just as Sandra gets to the front door, Glen walks back ou onto the sidewalk. Sandra takes Kengo’s hat off and walks up to Glen. They talk but we don’t hear what they’re saying. 67. Glen can tell Sandra is upset. He walks her into the offi
59) 0) text: Sandra slams down Glen’s office phone.
59) 1) dialog: (frustrated) Nothing! She paces. Glen stands by the counter watching patiently.
59) 2) dialog: Sometimes I want to just... split. She looks over at him.
59) 3) dialog: I feel like running away. Vanishing. Then maybe he would... She runs out of words. She starts to cry.
59) 4) dialog: I’m sorry. God, I’m being such a stupid... girl. Glen grabs two small folding chairs from behind the count and a box of tissues. He unfolds them.
59) 6) dialog: (through her tears) I would go to Mongolia on a trek. That’s one of the few places that hasn’t been totally... raped by western civilization. Glen smiles. He just listens.
59) 7) dialog: I could go live with the fucking nomads. They heard across these beautiful meadows that go on forever. She starts to cry even harder.
59) 8) dialog: They have these round tents and they all just share the same room... Glen moves a little closer to her and takes her in his ar She calms down. Glen sits back and takes her hand and pat it.
59) 9) dialog: (calming) I’m sorry I said fucking. I’m have a mouth like a garbage can. Glen laughs. Sandra does too.
59) 10) dialog: I’ve never seen you laugh.
59) 12) dialog: Why is he such a.... 72.
59) 14) dialog: Exactly. Totally.
59) 16) dialog: I’m not trying to change him. I just want him to be more... She stops, realizing what she is saying. Glen smiles.
59) 21) dialog: You’re a weirdo too. 73.
74) 0) text: This mid-century house in a suburban neighborhood is just the edge of K-Town. 103. Kengo walks across the street and stops in front of the house. He holds a small bouquet of daisies. Kengo makes a loud chirp. His signal to Sandra. There is response so he chirps again. Still nothing.
75) 0) text: Sandra drives her Volvo up to the front of Kengo’s buildi She is wearing Kengo’s hat. She takes a hand off the whee honk the horn but stops herself. She turns the igniting o and sits there for a moment in the quiet. She takes a tis from the dashboard and blows her nose.
76) 0) text: Sandra gets out of her car. She stares up at Kengo’s building. Her eyes are puffy from crying. INT. KENGO AND EVELYN’S APT. - NIGHT Kengo walks down the hall forgetting to close the front d 104. KENGO’S POV Floating towards the living room and the source of the mu Slowly we round the doorway revealing...
77) 0) text: Evelyn, dances slowly around the room to the music. She i dressed in a beautiful silk nightgown, seeming to almost gravity with her grace, totally uninhabited. Kengo sets the daisies down next to the record player. He leans against the door and watches Evelyn, hypnotised. He dance is almost mournful. Evelyn turns and sees Kengo. She smiles at him, dancing slowly, using the whole room as her stage. Kengo starts to sway to the music. He steps into the room dances slowly in place. Evelyn reaches her arms out inviting Kengo to dance with Kengo smiles and pushes himself off the wall, toward her. Evelyn embraces Kengo and they begin to dance together, around the room. Sandra quietly steps into the doorway, peering into the living room. Kengo’s red ski hat is in her hand. Kengo sees Sandra over Evelyn’s shoulder and keeping Evel back to Sandra, he looks at her. He can see she’s been crying. Sandra watches Kengo and Evelyn’s intimate dance. The hat slips out of her hand. Kengo gently takes Evelyn’s hands from himself and steps of her embrace. Evelyn turns and sees Sandra. She stops dancing. Kengo walks across the room toward Sandra. He picks his h up from the floor and places it on Sandra’s head. Kengo reaches his hand out to Sandra. 105. Sandra takes a small hesitant step towards Kengo and he t her in his arms and guides her into the room. Kengo leads her, gracefully into his dance. They use the full space o the room, moving through it effortlessly. Evelyn takes a step back and watches. Sandra closes her eyes and hugs Kengo, harder. The tensio her face relaxes. They press their bodies together, tight Evelyn turns away and dances slowly in her corner of the room, her back to Kengo and Sandra. Freeze Frame. The music continues. Fade Out.