14) 0) text: Kengo emerges onto Wilshire. A few people on the street b even here it’s oddly deserted for such a huge city. Kengo reaches into his pocket, scrolling through for the perfect music for the frenetic mood of the street. A ambulance screams buy but Kengo can’t hear it. He looks u a helicopter circling. Each song he goes though changes the vibe completely, eve it’s just for the split-second before he changes it again finds a perfect song. The song transforms his mood. He walks faster with a swag inspired by the energy of the rock song. Note: The song he listens to here should be pop, loud and ecstatic. Kengo walks along, watching the traffic and looking at th architecture and occasional pedestrian. An OLD WOMAN in a traditional Korean outfit walks by. A couple of SECRETARIES gossip and smoke. SOMEONE dressed u a hotdog waits to pass out fliers to people but there is barley anyone walking. He waves at traffic. Kengo slows to take a few photographs. He changes the music again. This time it’s Jazz from the 1950's. The scene takes on a totally different mood. Note: Think Miles Davis. Maybe something from “Walking.” He changes the music a couple more times. A sad ballad, H Hop, 60's psychedellia... (Note: Think something from George Harrison's “All Things Must Pass" like “Beware of Darkness" or “Isn't it a Pity” 28. It’s not that he doesn’t have the patience for a full son he does this to heighten and to get the most of his experience walking to work.
17) 27) dialog: Hi, I need to send a fax.
17) 30) text: The text window alerts him that he has a photo. Kengo presses a button and the photo loads. It’s a shot of Sandra’s pelvis. Her pierced navel and smo stomach. Her thumb pulls down the top of her panties so t is just a cute little peak of pubic hair revealed. Kengo stares at the photo. It’s definitely turning him on The machine vibrates as it spits out copies. Kengo presses himself against it as he continues looking his phone and the Sandra’s sexy photo. His cell phone beeps and says LOW BATTERY. Kengo makes sure Glen and the woman are engaged and not looking at him. He presses himself harder against the vibrating machine. humps it a little.
18) 0) text: Balconies overlook a small courtyard swimming pool. A ver OVERWEIGHT WOMAN sunbathes. Kengo runs up the stairs carrying the tool chest. He look around to see if anyone is watching him.
32) 0) text: The man stops at the corner to wait for the light to chan 51. Kengo walks up to the corner and stands just a few feet behind the man. He cranes his head a little to see around the side of the man’s head, so he can look at his ear. CLOSE UP/KENGO’S POV The side of the man’s head and his strange ear. Kengo gets a good look. Next to the man is a WOMAN waiting with her small SON. He about eight. The little boy looks up and sees his ear too. The little stares. The mother picks up the little boy and whispers something The light changes and the crowd walks. Kengo tries to stay close to him but not too close. He follows him down Wilshire. His lap is wet from the spille water. He looks like he’s wet himself.
40) 4) dialog: There’s always another train you rude bastard.
43) 5) dialog: Amen. She crosses herself.
49) 0) text: A MAN asleep in a big chair. This is the woman’s husband.
53) 0) text: Kengo shakes off the memory and looks over at the man. The man is nodding off. On his lap is a very old medical book. It’s open to a diagram of the human reproductive organs. A woman next to him glances at it, then quickly l away. Kengo looks at the seat across from him. A WHITE KID, abo 15, sitting there now.
58) 0) text: The bus isn’t crowded either. Kengo sits up front across the man. Kengo looks at the man’s hands and then looks down at his own. The bus stops at the next stop and more people get off. A very OLD WOMAN gets on. She is having a hard time walki She stands directly in front of the man. As the bus lurches froward, the old woman almost falls. T man looks back down at his paper. Kengo can’t believe how inconsiderate he is. He is profou disappointed.
65) 0) text: Kengo, lost in thought and memory, stares off into the va empty spaces of the valley outside the bus window. 91. The old woman wakes up and looks up at Kengo. She taps hi leg, startling him.
77) 3) text: Kengo’s music. Under the end credits we fade up to: The photo Kengo took on the bus. The old woman is blurry but we can tell she is smiling. Behind her, THE MAN is standing. His head is almost completely out of frame. We can’t see his eyes, nose or a of his face. But we can see the bottom of his profile, an as we slowly zoom in, his ear. Fade out.