0) 0) text: The doll’s house is kept in BRIONY’s bedroom. At 13, she’ youngest of the family, an intense-looking child with a w temperament. Her room is meticulously tidy, with model an arranged with military precision, all facing in the same direction, two by two, as if queuing for the Ark. BRIONY is typing out a version of her just-completed firs a battered copy of the Oxford English Dictionary open on desk. As the CAMERA arrives at her manuscript, she is typ with a confident flourish, the words THE END. Having done she leans forward to pull the page from the typewriter an it to a small pile (the play is no more than 8 pages) of manuscript, the cover page of which reads THE TRIALS OF A by Briony Tallis. It’s still early in the morning, but th of sweat BRIONY brushes from her forehead tell us that th is already exceptionally hot. INT. LANDING, STAIRCASE AND HALLWAY. DAY.
0) 1) text: Holding her manuscript, BRIONY hurries along the landing, door opening on to a spare bedroom. Inside, a HOUSEMAID i singing as she makes up twin beds. BRIONY descends the se staircase, which leads to a black-and-white tiled hallway doesn’t even glance into the library, a vast, gloomy room glimpsed through its open door, but turns to move towards back of the house.
0) 2) text: BRIONY glances into the empty dining room and passes thro scullery into the huge old kitchen, where GRACE TURNER, t housekeeper, sits at one end of the kitchen table polishi silver, while BETTY, the cook, is supervising two or thre KITCHEN-MAIDS, who are peeling mounds of potatoes, scouri trays, etc.
0) 3) dialog: I’ve finished my play!
0) 5) dialog: Have you seen Mummy?
0) 9) dialog: Who told you?
0) 11) dialog: Will you come and see it?
0) 14) dialog: I still want you to come.
0) 16) dialog: Mummy, I need you! She closes the door behind her. INT. DRAWING ROOM. DAY. The drawing room is an enormous corner room looking out o terrace. EMILY TALLIS, BRIONY’s mother, a slightly faded with pale skin and raw nerves, finishes reading BRIONY’s manuscript. The radio has been turned off. BRIONY hovers her, anxious and excited. EMILY looks up and smiles warml BRIONY.
0) 18) dialog: Do you think Leon will like it?
0) 22) dialog: What do you think it would feel like to be someone else?
0) 24) dialog: I’m worried about the play.
0) 26) dialog: But we only have the afternoon to rehearse. What if the twins can’t act?
0) 28) dialog: Perhaps I should have written Leon a story. If you write a story, you only have to say the word ‘castle’ and you can see the towers and the woods and the village below... But in a play it’s... it all depends on other people.
0) 30) dialog: Cee?
0) 36) dialog: It’s to celebrate my brother Leon’s visit.
0) 39) dialog: How can you hate plays?
0) 49) dialog: It’s about how... love is all very well, but you have to be sensible. LOLA frowns, dubious.
0) 51) dialog: Well... Not necessarily. She’s been surprised into this, but LOLA takes immediate ruthless advantage.
0) 57) dialog: If you're going to be Arabella, then I’ll be the director, thank you very much.
0) 59) dialog: I’m going to do the prologue. She looks down and begins reading.
0) 60) dialog: Prologue. This is the tale of spontaneous Arabella Who ran away with an extrinsic fellow. It grieved her parents to see their first born Evanesce from her home to go to Eastbourne... The door opens; BRIONY breaks off and looks up to see DAN HARDMAN, the seventeen year-old spotty son of the head ga standing in the doorway.
0) 61) dialog: Yes?
0) 63) dialog: Rehearsals are private, I’m afraid. You can see the play this evening.
0) 65) dialog: Well, I’m sorry, Danny. DANNY reluctantly prises himself away, closing the door b him. BRIONY turns back to the OTHERS.
0) 68) dialog: There’s no time!
0) 184) dialog: The Princess was aware of his remorseless wickedness, but that made it no easier to overcome the voluminous love she felt for Sir Romulus...The Princess knew instinctively that the one with red hair was not to be trusted...As his young ward dived into the depths of the lake in search of the enchanted chalice, Sir Romulus twirled his luxuriant moustache...Sir Romulus rode north with his two companions, drawing ever closer to an effulgent sea...So heroic in manner he appeared, so valiant in word, no one could guess at the darkness lurking in the black heart of Sir Romulus Turnbull: he was the most dangerous man in the world. INT. ROBBIE’S STUDY/BEDROOM IN THE LODGE. DAY. ROBBIE sits at his typewriter, pensive. His tiny room is full of books; open on his desk is a copy of Grays Anatom reads back what he’s just written.
0) 203) dialog: All right. She takes the envelope from him, turns and runs off witho another word. He starts to roll himself a cigarette. ROBBIE watches her go, leaving the drive to take a short across the grass, running all the way. 26. Suddenly ROBBIE gasps, as if punched in the solar plexus, lets drop the makings of the cigarette.
0) 213) dialog: I wrote a play, Leon. I wanted to do a play for you, The Trials of Arabella. CLOSE on CECILIA as she unfolds the letter and reads. She blushes hotly, looks up to make sure her shock has not be observed and bows her head to read it again.
0) 215) dialog: No, it’s impossible!
0) 219) dialog: Yes, let’s, that’s a wonderful idea!
0) 225) dialog: How awful! As she speaks she notices LOLA’s wrist is blotched and so looking; she reaches out to take it.
0) 226) dialog: Chinese burns?
0) 228) dialog: But why? LOLA is beginning to weep softly, in the presence of BRIO obvious sympathy.
0) 230) dialog: Lola, can I tell you something? Something really terrible?
0) 232) dialog: What’s the worst word you can possibly imagine? EXT. LAWN/TERRACE. DUSK. ROBBIE approaches the towering bulk of the house, draggin feet. He looks up at the lighted windows and comes to a h outside the front door, not at all sure he can bring hims proceed. Finally, he takes a deep breath and tugs at the pull. INT. BRIONY’S BEDROOM. DUSK. LOLA seems to have made a complete recovery. She’s starin BRIONY in undisguised fascination.
0) 234) dialog: That’s right.
0) 236) dialog: I don’t know.
0) 238) dialog: Do you think so?
0) 240) dialog: You won’t tell anyone, will you? Promise.
0) 242) dialog: If he found out, there’s no knowing what he might do.
0) 244) dialog: You'd better tidy your face. I’ve still got to change. LOLA goes to the door, turns back in the doorway. 31.
0) 247) dialog: Cecilia? SOUND of a doorbell. EXT. TALLIS HOUSE. DUSK. CUT BACK IN TIME. CLOSE on ROBBIE’S hand, tugging at the bell-pull. When the door opens, it’s CECILIA, the folded letter in h hand. 32.
0) 268) dialog: Cecilia? CECILIA doesn’t answer. ROBBIE steps back from CECILIA an begins adjusting his clothes, keeping his back to BRIONY. CECILIA tidies herself up, steps out from behind ROBBIE a pushes past BRIONY without a word. BRIONY watches her lea room, at a loss, then turns back, startled, as she senses turning towards her. She takes a step back, frightened; b merely fumbles with his bow-tie and, staring coldly past leaves the room. INT. DINING ROOM. NIGHT. BRIONY enters the dining room to find ROBBIE holding CECI chair for her to sit. Also around the table are LEON, MAR LOLA and, at the top of the table, EMILY. DANNY HARDMAN i rather sloppily pouring wine for LEON, whilst leering acr table at LOLA.
0) 276) dialog: I've done nothing wrong. She turns to look meaningfully at ROBBIE and CECILIA. Mea EMILY speaks to LOLA,
0) 280) dialog: You know nothing about it.
0) 282) dialog: Well, they’re not poor little chaps: just look what they did to Lola!
0) 284) dialog: Jackson and Pierrot. Bruised her arm, gave her Chinese burns.
0) 290) dialog: Why do I have to go?
0) 292) dialog: It’s a letter! 37. CECILIA immediately panics.
0) 294) dialog: They’ve run away.
0) 296) dialog: The twins. BRIONY reads from the piece of paper.
0) 297) dialog: “We are going to run away because Lola is so horrid to us and we want to go home. Also there wasn’t a play.” She hands the sheet of paper to EMILY. LOLA has gone pale
0) 301) dialog: Lola. Are you all right?
0) 303) dialog: Who was it? LOLA doesn’t answer. She’s sitting up now, her arms wrapp round her knees, rocking slightly. They talk in whispers.
0) 304) dialog: I saw him. I saw him.
0) 306) dialog: It was him, wasn’t it?
0) 308) dialog: Lola... Who was it? LOLA doesn’t answer. Silence.
0) 309) dialog: It was Robbie, wasn’t it?
0) 310) dialog: Robbie.
0) 312) dialog: Like you said, he’s a sex maniac. And you don’t even know what happened before dinner. I caught him attacking my sister in the library. I don’t know what he’d have done, if I hadn’t come in...
0) 314) dialog: Of course I did. Plain as day.
0) 316) dialog: Listen, I’ve known him all my life. And I saw him.
0) 318) dialog: Well, I can. And I will. 40. INT. HALL. NIGHT. LEON crosses the hall with LOLA limp in his arms, followe closely by BRIONY and CECILIA. He speaks to EMILY in an u undertone.
0) 323) dialog: I know who it was. INT. LIBRARY. NIGHT. BRIONY, her face sharply lit against the dark library wal being interrogated by a stony-faced plain clothes INSPECT EMILY is scarcely visible. He rattles out the questions intimidatingly; but BRIONY’S answers are firm and unhesit
0) 325) dialog: Yes, I saw him.
0) 327) dialog: I know it was him. 41.
0) 329) dialog: Yes, I did. I saw him.
0) 331) dialog: Yes. I saw him, I saw him with my own eyes. EMILY rests a comforting hand on her daughter’s shoulder.
0) 339) dialog: I know I shouldn’t have opened it.
0) 343) dialog: But...
0) 409) dialog: If I fell in the river, would you save me?
0) 411) dialog: Thank you, thank you, thank you...
0) 413) dialog: I wanted you to save me.
0) 415) dialog: You saved me.
0) 417) dialog: I want to thank you for saving my life. I’ll be eternally grateful to you. He strides away angrily, into the woods, leaving BRIONY disconsolate amidst the cow parsley. EXT. RIVER-BANK IN FRANCE. DAY. ROBBIE leads MACE and NETTLE northwards beside a broad ri
0) 464) text: Key moments from ROBBIE’s past, some familiar, some not, some running backwards. The fragment of Meissen flies back up out of the fountain attaches itself to the lip of the vase. 63. ROBBIE takes back the letter he’s handed to BRIONY. The hammers of ROBBIE’s typewriter lift the ink from the N-U-C, leaving clean white paper. ROBBIE, alone, advances through a poppy-field in France, blazing sun.
0) 483) dialog: Very important, Sister. 66.
0) 485) dialog: Well, me, Sister. SISTER DRUMMOND suddenly draws herself up and shouts at B
0) 487) dialog: Yes, Sister.
0) 489) dialog: There is no Briony. She turns from the window and walks away down the corrido past people putting up the blackout shutters. Over this, VOICE of a RADIO NEWSREADER.
0) 492) dialog: There. You’re done. She turns to her bedside locker, in which is the small po typewriter she used as a child. Somebody shouts “Lights out!” And the lights go out.
0) 495) text: The water tank room is high in a tower above the hospital SOUND of someone typing. BRIONY is perched on a step, amo pipes and tanks, typing furiously. Beside her, a small pi paper. A noise at the bottom of the stairs. BRIONY is startled.
0) 497) dialog: Fiona! I almost jumped out of my skin! FIONA climbs up. She’s wearing her dressing gown. She sit fishes for a cigarette.
0) 501) dialog: No. I don’t know.
0) 503) dialog: Sometimes.
0) 505) dialog: I'd rather you didn’t. It’s private. She puts out a hand to cover the title page, which reads:
0) 506) text: Figures By a Fountain by Briony Tallis.
0) 508) dialog: It’s not ready yet.
0) 510) dialog: It’s just...it’s about a young girl, a young and foolish girl, who sees something from her nursery window which she doesn’t understand, but she thinks she does...I probably won't ever finish it. FIONA considers BRIONY for a moment.
0) 513) dialog: What?
0) 517) dialog: Thank you. INT. WARD. NIGHT. BRIONY, on night duty, sits at her table studying textboo
0) 518) dialog: Dear Cecilia, Please don’t throw this away without reading it. As you’1ll have seen from the notepaper, I’m here at St. Thomas's, doing my nurses’ training. INT. SLUICE ROOM. DAY. BRIONY, in a heavy rubber apron, sluices a bedpan, lookin holding her breath.
0) 519) dialog: I decided not to take up my place at Cambridge. I decided I wanted to make myself useful, do something practical. 70. INT. HOSPITAL CORRIDOR. DAY. BRIONY and FIONA are polishing the floors using a heavy b that they can hardly move from side to side.
0) 521) dialog: I saw that. It’s a euphemism for retreat. EXT. HOSPITAL YARD. DAY. BRIONY works alongside a number of other PROBATIONERS, on knees in the centre of the yard, scrubbing the frame of o number of filthy old beds.
0) 522) dialog: But no matter how hard I work, no matter how long the hours, I can’t escape from what I did... INT. WASH ROOM. NIGHT. BRIONY stands at the only (cold) tap, fiercely scrubbing hands with a scrubbing-brush and baking soda. Her hands a raw, cracked and marked with chilblains.
0) 523) dialog: ...and what it meant, the full extent of which I’m only now beginning to grasp. Cee, please write and tell me we can meet. Your sister, Briony. INT. STORE ROOM. DAY. BRIONY works in a corner near the doorway, with FIONA. Fr time to time PORTERS arrive with trolleys and leave piles boxes outside in the corridor. Other NURSES unpack and st kidney bowls and packs of hypodermics.
0) 525) dialog: Do I what? 71.
0) 527) dialog: No. Of course not.
0) 529) dialog: I’ve never been in love.
0) 531) dialog: I had a crush once, when I was ten or eleven. I jumped in the river to see if he’d save me from drowning.
0) 533) dialog: No. And he did save me. But as soon as I told him I loved him the feeling sort of disappeared. Outside in the corridor, there’s a commotion. People are past. Another PROBATIONARY NURSE sticks her head through doorway.
0) 535) text: As BRIONY and FIONA arrive, out of breath, bloody and wou SOLDIERS are being unloaded from the lorries and ambulanc Many of them are black with oil, coated in grime and daze exhaustion. BRIONY has scarcely arrived, when a young REG barks at her.
0) 539) dialog: Robbie? Robbie! ROBBIE turns away. BRIONY rushes to him, puts a hand on h and turns him forcibly. The man is not ROBBIE. 73.
0) 540) dialog: Excuse me. INT. BRIONY’S WARD. DAY INTO NIGHT A MONTAGE of BRIONY’s work against a background of ceasel activity in the rest of the ward. BRIONY helps lift a man leg has been amputated back on to his bed. BRIONY swabs the oil from a long, stitched wound down a m back. BRIONY leans forward, puts one hand on an AIRMAN’s leg, g the end of a protruding piece of shrapnel with the forcep pulls it out, firmly and smoothly. BRIONY rips a dressing off a man’s chest, causing him to and vomit. BRIONY joins a group of NURSES around the bed of a young whose body is entirely covered in savage oil burns. Outside in the hallway, FIONA, overcome, turns towards th and weeps. INT. WARD. NIGHT. BRIONY moves between rows of sleeping patients, checking She’s intercepted by SISTER DRUMMOND.
0) 542) dialog: Only school French, Sister.
0) 546) dialog: La soeur m’a envoyée. Pour bavarder un peu. (The Sister sent me. For a little chat.)
0) 548) dialog: Erm, elle est aussi infirmiére. (She’s a nurse as well.)
0) 550) dialog: Er, Robbie. Bientét, j’espére. (She will soon, I hope.)
0) 552) dialog: Et vous, comment vous appellez-vous? (And what’‘s your name?)
0) 554) dialog: Tallis. 75.
0) 558) dialog: Bien sfr. (Of course.)
0) 561) text: Elle prend toujours une mine si grave quand elle joue, tu ne trouves pas? (She always looks so serious when she plays, you know?) All of a sudden, the sterile towel underneath the bandage away, taking most of the bloodstained dressing with it. A section of CORNET’s skull is missing and BRIONY finds her looking directly down at his brain.
0) 563) dialog: Délicieux. Les plus délicieux a Millau. (Delicious. The most delicious in Millau.)
0) 565) dialog: Oui. (Yes.)
0) 567) dialog: Oui, bien sar. (Yes, of course.) CORNET thinks for a moment. Meanwhile, with infinite care BRIONY is replacing the sterile towel.
0) 569) dialog: Ah, bon? (Oh, yes?)
0) 571) dialog: C’est plus confortable comme ga, j’éspére. (I hope that’s more comfortable. )
0) 573) dialog: Oui. (Yes.) She’s spoken without hesitation. He’s broken into a light and she leans forward to wipe his face tenderly. He looks her.
0) 576) dialog: Briony. Je m‘appelle Briony. (My name is Briony.) She’s suddenly aware of SISTER DRUMMOND standing above he speaks with her habitual sinister softness. 78.
0) 583) dialog: I saw him. BRIONY sits in her seat, an appalling knowledge dawning. 80.
0) 585) dialog: I know it was him. EXT. GRASSY BANK NEAR THE TALLIS HOUSE. NIGHT. 1935.
0) 586) text: BRIONY stands still, blinded by the torch. INT. CHURCH OF THE HOLY TRINITY. DAY. 1940.
0) 587) text: BRIONY’s eyes widen. EXT. GRASSY BANK NEAR THE TALLIS HOUSE. NIGHT. 1935.
0) 588) text: This time it’s clear that the figure scrambling away up t is PAUL MARSHALL. A CRASH of organ music. INT. LIBRARY. NIGHT. YOUNG BRIONY faces the INSPECTOR.
0) 589) dialog: I saw him, I saw him with my own eyes. The church organ thunders on. INT. CHURCH OF THE HOLY TRINITY. DAY. 1940.
0) 590) text: BRIONY stands in her pew as LOLA and MARSHALL walk toward They don’t notice her until the VICAR swings open one of great doors of the church. A shaft of sunlight sweeps acr shining straight on BRIONY. She stares at LOLA and MARSHA they draw level with her. LOLA’S eyes meet with BRIONY’S, forehead crinkles with displeasure, her lips purse. MARSH face reddens and then they are gone. BRIONY is left alone in the church. 81. EXT. STREET NEAR BALHAM. DAY. BRIONY passes down a narrow terrace of red-brick houses. towards her is a MOTHER with four unruly BOYS, all carryi cardboard suitcases and knapsacks.
0) 593) dialog: I hope they get a nice family.
0) 595) dialog: I’m looking for Miss Tallis. Cecilia Tallis. Is she in? MRS.JARVIS turns and yells up the stairs.
0) 598) dialog: I tried writing, but you wouldn’t answer. I have to talk to you. INT. CECILIA'S FLAT. DAY. CECILIA leads BRIONY to her tiny kitchen/living room. Eve - furniture, lino, wallpaper - is cheap and shabby. There small table covered by a gingham cloth, a few books (Shakespeare, Gray’s Anatomy), an overflowing ashtray and jar containing a bunch of harebells. The door to the bedr closed. CECILIA is lighting a cigarette as BRIONY advances tentat into the flat. She sees CECILIA’s uniform hanging behind door.
0) 599) dialog: So you’re a ward sister now?
0) 601) dialog: Thanks. BRIONY launches abruptly into what she’s come to say.
0) 602) dialog: I want to go in front of a judge and change my evidence, Cee.
0) 605) dialog: What I did was terrible, I don’t expect you to forgive me.
0) 608) dialog: Well at least I can tell everyone else, I‘ll go home, explain to Mummy and Daddy and...
0) 610) dialog: I wanted to see you first.
0) 617) dialog: The terrible thing I did. ROBBIE moves around the room, putting his hands in his po taking them out again. It’s clear he’s furious, hardly ab contain himself.
0) 620) dialog: No.
0) 622) dialog: No.
0) 624) dialog: No.
0) 626) dialog: Yes, yes and no. I wasn’t certain.
0) 628) dialog: Growing up.
0) 630) dialog: I was thirteen. 85.
0) 632) dialog: Yes.
0) 639) dialog: Yes.
0) 642) dialog: It wasn’t Danny Hardman. It was Leon’s friend, Marshall. They both look at her, astonished.
0) 644) dialog: He’s married Lola; I’ve just come from their wedding. Silence. Finally, ROBBIE exhales the breath he’s been hol CECILIA looks across at him.
0) 646) dialog: I’m very, very sorry to have caused you all this terrible distress. I am very, very sorry.
0) 648) dialog: I will. I promise. She leaves abruptly, her eyes brimming with tears. EXT. DUDLEY VILLAS. DAY. In the window, CECILIA and ROBBIE are locked in a tender embrace. Below in the street, BRIONY turns away and sets off into distance. INT. UNDERGROUND TRAIN. BRIONY sits on a busy train staring straight ahead, tryin take in all that’s happened, all she’s learnt. Trying not cry. The lights flicker on and off, taking us finally to OVER THIS, the tired VOICE of OLDER BRIONY.
0) 659) text: OLDER BRIONY (cont'd) tiny strokes. Your brain gradually closes down. You lose words, you lose your memory: which, for a writer, is pretty much the point. That’s why I could finally write this book; and why, of course, it’s my last novel. Strangely enough, it would be just as accurate to call it my first novel. I wrote several drafts as far back as my time at St. Thomas's Hospital during the war. I just couldn’t ever find the way to do it.
0) 667) text: BRIONY sits at her typewriter. 90.
0) 676) text: OLDER BRIONY (cont'd) lost out on in life. I’d like to think this wasn’t weakness or evasion, but a final act of kindness. She thinks for a moment.