0) 21) dialog: Yes.
0) 23) dialog: Cooler, I should hope. Pause.
0) 25) dialog: I’m sure it’s a masterpiece.
0) 27) dialog: You have to be nice to them. Think how you'd feel if your mother had run off with Mr. What’s-His-Name who reads the news on the wireless.
0) 29) dialog: Mm. BRIONY rolls over. Some way off, ROBBIE TURNER pushes a wheelbarrow up to a flower bed and parks it.
0) 31) dialog: Yes.
0) 33) dialog: I do. We just move in different circles, that’s all. Down by the flower bed, ROBBIE glances across at CECILIA BRIONY. But he’s very focused on his immediate task which planting of a row of cuttings from the greenhouse. He wip sweat off his forehead and begins to dig with a trowel. INT. NURSERY. DAY. Rehearsals are taking place in a now disused room on the floor, the former nursery, occupying the front corner of house. BRIONY has wedged herself into an old high chair a looks down at her red-headed cousins: LOLA QUINCEY, 15, a twin 9 year-old brothers, PIERROT and JACKSON. They’re al clutching handwritten copies of BRIONY’s play.
0) 72) dialog: I don’t see why not, as long as you don’t go near the deep end. And the TWINS rush away as CECILIA steps into the drawing INT./EXT. DRAWING-ROOM. DAY. CECILIA crosses to the window. Outside, ROBBIE is standin rolling himself a cigarette. CECILIA goes over to a cherry-wood table, where there’s a 18th-century Meissen vase. She drops the flowers untidily it and pulls out a crushed packet of cigarettes, which tu to be empty. She glances back out of the window, picks up vase, checks her reflection in the mirror and strides out towards the terrace. EXT. TERRACE. DAY. CECILIA speaks a little sharply, startling ROBBIE.
0) 73) dialog: Can you do me one of your Bolshevik roll-ups? 10. She doesn’t stop; and he follows her, making the cigarett she heads across the lawn towards the fountain.
0) 74) dialog: Beautiful day.
0) 77) dialog: Not at all.
0) 79) dialog: I'd rather read Fielding any day. Much more... passionate. CECILIA suddenly feels awkward and hastens to change the subject.
0) 80) dialog: Leon’s coming down today, did you know?
0) 82) dialog: He’s bringing a friend with him. This Paul Marshall. The chocolate millionaire.
0) 84) dialog: Why shouldn't they be? Leon says he’s very charming. They reach the fountain: CECILIA puts the vase down on th step leading up to it. ROBBIE hands her the cigarette and it. They obviously know one another very well; yet there’ definite, perceptible constraint between them. There’s mo than a hint of accusation in what CECILIA says next. 11.
0) 85) dialog: The Old Man telephoned last night. He says you’re planning to be a doctor.
0) 87) dialog: Another six years of student life?
0) 89) dialog: You could get a Fellowship now, couldn’t you? With your First.
0) 92) dialog: That’s not what I meant at all. There’s an edge of real hostility in her voice. She puts cigarette between her lips and bends to pick up the vase, preparing to dunk it in the fountain, having first taken flowers and laid them on the step.
0) 94) dialog: I’m all right, thanks. But ROBBIE persists, reaching for the vase.
0) 96) dialog: I’m all right! He gets hold of the vase, just as CECILIA turns away; and the crisp sound of a dry twig snapping, two triangular se of the rim of the vase detach themselves in his hands. In 12. shock, he lets them go; and they drop into the fountain a slowly, spiralling to the bottom, almost three feet down. CECILIA looks at him, horrified.
0) 97) dialog: You idiot! You realise this is probably the most valuable thing we own.
0) 100) dialog: No need to encourage him. INT. HALLWAY. DAY. The two young men, LEON TALLIS, 25, and his friend PAUL MARSHALL, 28, surge into the house, followed by DANNY HAR struggling with their suitcases.
0) 109) dialog: Leon! LEON takes her in his arms.
0) 111) dialog: Oh, I’ve missed you. I’ve been going completely doolally up here. LEON turns to include MARSHALL.
0) 114) dialog: Likewise. 15.
0) 116) dialog: In the blue room. DANNY starts off up the stairs, then stops, looking gorml
0) 117) dialog: Mother's lying down, she’s got one of her migraines.
0) 119) dialog: The big room next to the nursery. DANNY sets off, grunting with effort.
0) 120) dialog: Is the Old Man staying in town?
0) 129) dialog: This isn’t very good. 17.
0) 132) dialog: Robbie.
0) 134) dialog: Leon! You didn’t!
0) 136) dialog: Anyone got a cigarette? MARSHALL produces a gold case, brings it over to CECILIA lights the cigarette she’s taken.
0) 138) dialog: As a matter of fact he’s planning on doing a medical degree.
0) 140) dialog: Look, I think you ought to go down to the lodge and ask him not to come.
0) 142) dialog: Oh, for God's sake. CECILIA dives into the lake. UNDERWATER. DAY. CECILIA swims by, powerful underwater breast-stroke. INT. BATHROOM IN THE LODGE. DAY. ROBBIE surfaces in his bath: he settles back, brooding, l up at a skylight, a small pane of glass directly above hi square of bright blue sky, through which flies an RAF pla INT. NURSERY. DAY. LOLA, PIERROT and JACKSON are hanging about aimlessly, al at a loss as to what to do.
0) 206) dialog: I suppose he’s what you might call eligible.
0) 208) dialog: He certainly seems to think he’s the cat's pyjamas. Which is odd, considering he has pubic hair growing out of his ears. LEON snorts with laughter.
0) 209) dialog: I imagine he’d give you a lot of very noisy boneheaded sons.
0) 211) dialog: You say that about everyone. LEON’S face lights up as BRIONY bursts into the room; he into his Arthur Askey impersonation.
0) 216) dialog: Briony? BRIONY completely ignores CECILIA, pretending to hang on every word.
0) 218) dialog: Briony, did you read this letter?
0) 220) dialog: Briony... CECILIA’s about to speak, but she’s interrupted by the su appearance of PAUL MARSHALL, who’s carrying a silver tray which stand five cocktail glasses containing a sludgy bro liquid. He has a faint scratch running down his right che
0) 222) dialog: Wasn‘t there an envelope? BRIONY wriggles free and hurries out of the room. INT. BRIONY’S BEDROOM. DUSK. BRIONY, not yet changed, paces restlessly up and down, tr make sense of the events of the evening. There’s a light the door and she looks up, very surprised to see LOLA.
0) 246) dialog: (whispering) Someone’s come in. BRIONY edges closer and suddenly, revealed in the corner, against the bookshelves, are ROBBIE and CECILIA. ROBBIE, one of CECILIA’s wrists pinned against the wall, appears attacking CECILIA, while CECILIA has a hand round his hea gripping a handful of hair. BRIONY, bewildered, stops by the desk.
0) 249) dialog: Briony read it.
0) 251) dialog: Yes.
0) 253) dialog: No. INT. HALLWAY. NIGHT. CECILIA turns away and moves briskly towards the library. ROBBIE, after a second’s hesitation, follows her, almost stepping on the hair-clip which has dropped from her hair INT. LIBRARY. NIGHT. It’s dark in the library. ROBBIE waits in the doorway, until CECILIA has switched o desk-lamp; then he closes the door behind him and advance tentatively into the room. CECILIA crosses almost the ful of the room, before turning to face him.
0) 254) dialog: What was in the version I was meant to read?
0) 256) dialog: Anatomical?
0) 258) dialog: It’s been there for weeks and then this morning by the fountain... I’ve never done anything like that before and I was so angry with you, and with myself. I thought if you went away to medical school, I’d be happy. I don’t know how I could have been so ignorant about myself. So stupid. Tears well in her eyes. He’s moving closer and closer.
0) 259) dialog: You do know what I’m talking about, don’t you? You knew before I did.
0) 261) dialog: Don’t you know?
0) 263) dialog: Robbie.
0) 265) dialog: I love you.
0) 267) dialog: (whispering) Someone’s come in.
0) 273) dialog: It’s just hot in here, that’s all. 35.
0) 293) dialog: Give it here. Then she sees what’s in BRIONY’S hand and relaxes; BRIONY meanwhile, is advancing towards the head of the table.
0) 321) dialog: Is Robbie back?
0) 333) dialog: My brother and I found the two of them, down by the lake.
0) 335) dialog: I wouldn’t necessarily believe everything Briony tells you; she’s very fanciful. CECILIA'’S BEDROOM. NIGHT. BRIONY throws back the covers on CECILIA’S bed and finds, on the rumpled sheet, what she’s looking for. CECILIA’s h and in it ROBBIE’s letter. INT. LIBRARY. NIGHT. DANNY HARDMAN is being interrogated. He’s flustered, almo tearful.
0) 376) dialog: Hello.
0) 378) dialog: Shall we sit down?
0) 380) dialog: I’m sorry. I’m afraid I can’t remember...
0) 383) dialog: Tiny flat in Balham. It’s ghastly. The landlady’s rude and horribly nosey. 49.
0) 385) dialog: I have to be back at the hospital in half an hour.
0) 387) dialog: I’m sorry.
0) 389) dialog: I’ve told you, I’m not going to. Leon came and waited outside the hospital last week. But I just pushed past him.
0) 391) dialog: Didn’t you read my letters? Had they let me visit you, had I been allowed...every day...I’d have been there every day.
0) 393) dialog: Look at me. He does so. He’s close to tears.
0) 394) dialog: Come back. Come back to me. She reaches out and puts a hand on his cheek; he inclines head, holding her hand between his cheek and his shoulder 50. INT. BARN. NIGHT. ROBBIE lies awake, hearing the snoring of the CORPORALS. barn owl sits on an adjacent beam staring at ROBBIE, who’ composing a letter in his mind.
0) 396) dialog: A friend of mine has a cottage by the coast; she says we can use it when you’re next on leave. White clapboard with blue painted window frames. They look at each other; then he kisses her, a long, deep CECILIA starts to cry. A bus pulls up beside them. CECILI hurriedly produces a photograph of the cottage and hands ROBBIE.
0) 397) dialog: Something to think about while you’re away. She tears herself away and scrambles aboard the bus. She on the platform, looking back at ROBBIE and the bus start and moves away.
0) 400) dialog: My darling, Briony found my address somehow and sent a letter. The first surprise was she didn’t go up to Cambridge. She’s doing nurse’s training at my old hospital. I think she may be doing this as some kind of penance. She says she’s beginning to get the full grasp of what she did and what it meant. She wants to come and talk to me. She kisses the letter and posts it.
0) 401) dialog: I love you. I’1l wait for you. 52. INT. POSTBOX. DAY. The letter falls on to the pile of other letters.
0) 402) dialog: Come back. Come back to me.
0) 466) dialog: I love you. Come back. Come back to me. INT. CELLAR. NIGHT. ROBBIE comes awake with a start; NETTLE is gently shaking
0) 597) dialog: My God. 82.
0) 600) dialog: Yes. CECILIA forces herself to offer BRIONY a cigarette.
0) 603) dialog: Don’t call me that! She turns away, trying to control herself.
0) 604) dialog: Please don’t ever call me that.
0) 606) dialog: Don’t worry, I won’t. She turns away again. 83.
0) 607) dialog: You’re an unreliable witness, they'd never re-open the case.
0) 609) dialog: What’s stopping you?
0) 611) dialog: They don’t want to know. That unpleasantness is all tidied away in the past, thank you very much. BRIONY starts: the bedroom door has opened and ROBBIE sta front of them, in his uniform shirt and trousers. His shi open revealing a square bandage taped over the wound at h solar plexus. BRIONY is partly obscured from ROBBIE’s vie CECILIA who has turned to him. He talks quietly to CECILI without focusing on BRIONY, then briefly nods in her dire
0) 613) dialog: He sleeps so deeply. BRIONY holds onto the table for support. In silence CECIL begins to move around the kitchen area of the room. She f kettle. Mixes milk and water to egg powder and lays a pot and three plates and cups on the table. Finally they hear click of the bathroom door and ROBBIE whistling as he cro the landing. BRIONY moves as far away from the door as po She’s in his sight line as ROBBIE opens the door. He sees He can’t even address her.
0) 615) dialog: She came to speak to me.
0) 634) dialog: Robbie. Robbie, don’t. Please. Look at me, Robbie. Look at me. She kisses him gently and lingeringly on the lips. BRIONY away, something like shame in her eyes. We stay on BRIONY face.
0) 635) dialog: Come back, come back, come back to me. BRIONY looks out of the window. ROBBIE and CECILIA are no talking in low voices as BRIONY watches an OLD WOMAN outs the street below, pushing a pram.
0) 636) dialog: Briony. BRIONY turns. 86.
0) 637) dialog: There isn’t much time. Robbie has to report for duty at six and he’s got a train to catch. So sit down. There are some things you’re going to do for us. BRIONY and CECILIA sit in the kitchen. ROBBIE leans on th table, looming over them.
0) 641) dialog: Try and include whatever you can remember of what Danny Hardman was doing that night.
0) 643) dialog: I don’t believe you.
0) 645) dialog: Lola won't be able to testify against him now. He’s immune. ROBBIE straightens up and turns away, grappling with a ri emotions. Silence. Finally, BRIONY stands up and speaks, 87. formal.