0) 101) dialog: Cee! Mother! He turns to DANNY.
0) 102) dialog: Where is everyone, Danny?
0) 104) dialog: I’m gasping for a drink. 14. He steps into the drawing room. DANNY, still with the lug follows confusedly. INT. DRAWING ROOM. DAY. LEON is moving over to the drinks table.
0) 105) dialog: Will you have one?
0) 107) dialog: Whisky?
0) 110) dialog: Here she is!
0) 112) dialog: This is my sister, Cecilia; Paul Marshall.
0) 115) dialog: Where are we putting him? CECILIA turns to DANNY.
0) 118) dialog: Not surprised, this heat. CECILIA looks up at DANNY, somewhat irritated.
0) 121) dialog: Looks like it. There’s some sort of rush on at the Ministry. INT. EMILY TALLIS‘S BEDROOM. DAY. EMILY is on her bed in her darkened room, propped up agai pillows, her eyes protected by an eyeshade, cooled by an electric fan that whirs on her bedside table. From the nursery comes the regular thud of a bouncing rub ball. EMILY sighs and pushes up her eyeshade. INT. NURSERY. DAY. The TWINS are sitting in their still wet bathing suits, b a rubber ball against the wall. LOLA lies on the couch, flicking through a fashion magazi
0) 131) dialog: Guess who we met on the way in?
0) 133) dialog: I told him to join us tonight.
0) 135) dialog: (to Marshall) So Robbie the Housekeeper’s son, whose father did a bunk twenty years ago, gets a scholarship to the local grammar and the Old Man puts him through Cambridge; goes up at the same time as Cee and for three years she hardly speaks to him! She wouldn’t let him within a mile of her Roedean chums.
0) 137) dialog: Don’t know what the hell he’s doing these days, messing about in flower beds... CECILIA is standing on the diving board now.
0) 139) dialog: And the Old Man said yes to that? 18.
0) 141) dialog: Why? Has something happened between you?
0) 207) dialog: Rather!
0) 210) dialog: He’s quite a good egg, actually.
0) 212) dialog: Rummy, if it ain’t my little sis! BRIONY thrusts the letter into CECILIA’s hand without a w flings herself into LEON’S embrace.
0) 214) dialog: There’s still time, doesn’t have to be this evening. 28.
0) 217) dialog: Tell you what, I’m good at voices and you're even better. We’1l read it out after dinner.
0) 269) dialog: In Charlotte Street last week, people were sitting out having dinner on the pavement.
0) 271) dialog: What do you say, Cee? Does the hot weather make you behave badly? CECILIA flushes red, taken by surprise.
0) 272) dialog: Good heavens, you’re blushing.
0) 275) dialog: What about you, Briony? What sins have you committed today? BRIONY, now seated, looks across at him indignantly.
0) 299) dialog: Cee, you come with me. CECILIA manages to catch ROBBIE’s eye and half-shrugs, as say it can’t be helped. EXT/INT. TERRACE/DRAWING ROOM. NIGHT. BRIONY comes out on to the terrace; she hesitates a momen then moves off into the darkness. WIDE SHOT: the house with torch beams fanning out across grounds. VOICES calling out the twins’ names. EXT. LAKE. NIGHT. BRIONY crosses the small bridge that crosses from the ban the lake to the small island, her torch switched on. 38. Seeing what might be the flash of another torch in the di she stops and listens. EXT. BOAT HOUSE. NIGHT. BRIONY comes down a narrow stone alley and peers into the darkness under the boat house. Suddenly, a duck splashes from under a boat, startling her. EXT. GROTTO. NIGHT. BRIONY climbs down the steep steps into the bowl of the g Then, once again, she hesitates and slows to a standstill Suddenly, out of the darkness, there’s a painful gasp; an BRIONY whirls round, pointing her torch. For a fraction o second there’s an image of LOLA, on all fours, her dress up and a tall male figure, kneeling behind her. BRIONY dr torch in shock; it shines up in her eyes, blinding her, s the man, rising to his full height, turning and scramblin up the bank, disappears before she can pull herself toget LOLA’S voice breaks the silence.
0) 319) dialog: Call the police. And she'll be needing a doctor as well. INT. DRAWING ROOM. NIGHT. As the party surges into the room, following LEON, LOLA b into noisy tears, which continue as LEON lays her down on the sofas and EMILY tries to comfort her.