0) 41) dialog: You'll be in this play or you'll get a clout and I’1l tell the Parents.
0) 43) dialog: We're guests in this house and what did the Parents say we were to make ourselves? Well? Pierrot?
0) 45) dialog: Jackson?
0) 47) dialog: Amenable, that’s right. She turns graciously to BRIONY.
0) 48) dialog: Now, Briony, what’s your play about?
0) 50) dialog: I suppose you’re going to be Arabella.
0) 52) dialog: In that case, do you mind if I play her?
0) 54) dialog: Do say yes, it’d be the first decent thing to happen to me in months. BRIONY can’t see any way to get out of it.
0) 56) dialog: I suppose we should start by reading it...
0) 58) dialog: Sorr-ee!
0) 70) dialog: I’m sure a half-hour break would do us all good. LOLA saunters casually after the twins, leaving BRIONY al She sits on the floor, her back up against the wall, fann herself with her script, her expression morose. A wasp is buzzing irritatingly, trapped between two panes of the op window. BRIONY gets up and goes over to liberate it. She’ to lower the sash, when something outside catches her att Below, to one side of the house, is a terrace, dominated monumental fountain. Beside the fountain are ROBBIE and C glaring at each other. As BRIONY watches, ROBBIE stretches out a hand and says something, as if issuing a command. In response, although expression is mutinous, CECILIA immediately kicks off her unbuttons and removes her blouse and strips off her skirt that she’s standing before ROBBIE in her underwear. BRIONY gasps and steps back from the window. The wasp buz frantically. When she returns, ROBBIE is standing motionless by the fo and CECILIA has disappeared. Then, suddenly, the surface water breaks and CECILIA emerges from the fountain. She p her clothes, turns her back on ROBBIE and pulls them on t still dripping body. Then she bends and rises again, this holding a previously invisible vase of flowers, and strid back towards the house. ROBBIE, left by the fountain, rea out a hand and lays it on the surface of the water. BRIONY lowers the sash with a bang, liberating the wasp. EXT. WOODS. DAY. CUT BACK IN TIME. CECILIA, with an armful of wild flowers, runs through th enjoying the sheer exhilaration of movement. There isn’t in the sky. EXT./INT. NURSERY. DAY. CLOSE on BRIONY, seen through the window,staring out. EXT. WOODS. DAY. CUT BACK IN TIME. CECILIA runs on through the woods. INT. HALLWAY. DAY. CECILIA crosses the hall, as the TWINS come clattering an shouting down the stairs.
0) 123) dialog: No.
0) 125) dialog: Don’t ask me.
0) 144) dialog: Soon.
0) 146) dialog: How dare you say that?
0) 148) dialog: You will never ever use that word again. Do you understand?
0) 156) dialog: What exactly have you read about them? MARSHALL realizes it may be time to back-pedal.
0) 158) dialog: I’1l thank you not to talk about this in front of the children. MARSHALL turns to the TWINS and speaks with glutinous sol
0) 160) text: Jolly nice slacks. LOLA smooths them down, visibly pleased.
0) 161) dialog: We went up to see a show and got them at Liberty’s.
0) 163) dialog: Hamlet.
0) 165) dialog: I like your shoes. MARSHALL tilts his brown and white co-respondent shoes, self-satisfied.
0) 178) dialog: Amo amas amat.
0) 223) dialog: Do you mind if I come in? Before BRIONY can answer, LOLA comes in and perches on th of the bed; her expression is tragic. She’s dressed for d and wearing make-up and lipstick. 29.
0) 224) dialog: I’ve had the most appalling evening. The twins have been torturing me. Look. She pulls up a sleeve to reveal a blue bruise on her uppe
0) 227) dialog: That’s right.
0) 229) dialog: They want to go home. They think it’s me keeping them here.
0) 231) dialog: Yes, please.
0) 233) dialog: He’s a sex-maniac! BRIONY nods seriously, struggling to find the correct mat response.
0) 235) dialog: What’s Cecilia going to do? From below, a ring on the doorbell.
0) 237) dialog: You ought to call the police.
0) 239) dialog: He said he thought about it ‘all day long.’ All you need do is show them the letter.
0) 241) dialog: I promise.
0) 243) dialog: You’re right.
0) 245) dialog: Thanks, Briony, you’re a brick. She leaves the room. INT. STAIRCASE AND HALLWAY. NIGHT. BRIONY, now changed for dinner, crosses the landing and s down the last section of staircase leading to the hall. A reaches the bottom step, she notices a diamond hair-clip in front of the door to the library. She crosses to the h clip and picks it up. A moment later she hears a low moan recognizably CECILIA’S voice, coming from behind the door INT. LIBRARY. NIGHT. BRIONY opens the door quietly and stands, framed in the d peering apprehensively in. The library is cavernous and dark, lined with floor-to-ce bookshelves. The only light comes from a desk lamp that p directly into BRIONY’s eyes. Silence. BRIONY takes a tent couple of steps into the room. As she does so, there’s a from the far corner.
0) 278) dialog: Er...no. Following some nervous impulse, ROBBIE suddenly finds him joining in the conversation.
0) 300) dialog: Briony? BRIONY picks up the torch and shines it at LOLA, who by n in a sitting position. She hurries over to join LOLA, dro to her knees beside her.
0) 302) dialog: I’m sorry, I didn’t, I’m sorry... BRIONY puts her arm round LOLA’s bony shoulders; she seem strangely invigorated.
0) 305) dialog: Yes. 39.
0) 307) dialog: Yes. It was him.
0) 311) dialog: You saw him.
0) 313) dialog: You actually saw him.
0) 315) dialog: He came up behind me. He pushed me to the ground and then he put his hand over my eyes. I couldn’t actually, I never actually...
0) 317) dialog: Because I couldn’t say for sure.
0) 590) text: BRIONY stands in her pew as LOLA and MARSHALL walk toward They don’t notice her until the VICAR swings open one of great doors of the church. A shaft of sunlight sweeps acr shining straight on BRIONY. She stares at LOLA and MARSHA they draw level with her. LOLA’S eyes meet with BRIONY’S, forehead crinkles with displeasure, her lips purse. MARSH face reddens and then they are gone. BRIONY is left alone in the church. 81. EXT. STREET NEAR BALHAM. DAY. BRIONY passes down a narrow terrace of red-brick houses. towards her is a MOTHER with four unruly BOYS, all carryi cardboard suitcases and knapsacks.