0) 8) dialog: Hello pal. I hear you’re putting on a play.
0) 10) dialog: Jungle drums.
0) 12) dialog: I’m not sure that would be quite... He breaks off, quickly finds another tack and stands.
0) 13) dialog: Why don’t you let me read it? You used to make me beautiful bound copies of all your stories.
0) 15) dialog: Let’s see. BRIONY enters the drawing room. Inside the morning news p the wireless.
0) 32) text: Why don’t you talk to Robbie any more?
0) 75) dialog: I suppose so. Too hot for me. They move on in silence.
0) 76) dialog: How are you enjoying your book?
0) 78) dialog: It gets better.
0) 81) dialog: I’d heard a rumour.
0) 83) dialog: Are the flowers for him?
0) 86) dialog: I’m thinking about it, yes.
0) 88) dialog: How else do you become a doctor?
0) 90) dialog: But I don’t want to teach... He breaks off, looks away for a moment; then turns back t
0) 91) dialog: I said I’d pay your father back.
0) 93) dialog: Let me do that.
0) 95) dialog: You take the flowers.
0) 98) dialog: Not any more, it isn’t. The hint of truculence in his voice serves to agitate CEC even more. She sets the vase down. Then straightens up, a that ROBBIE has begun to unbutton his shirt. She takes a towards him, then, confusedly, a step back. ROBBIE, afrai going to step on the vase, throws out a restraining hand, gesture so abrupt as to seem peremptory.
0) 99) dialog: Careful! CECILIA’s response is to kick off her shoes and, in front ROBBIE’s transfixed gaze, to strip down to her underwear. she steps over the lip of the fountain and lowers herself it. She gasps at the unexpectedly cold water, but doesn’t hes to plunge her face beneath the surface. ROBBIE, watches, unable to look away, his expression a qu mixture of fear and longing. CECILIA’S hair fantails out the surface of the water. UNDERWATER. DAY. CECILIA reaches down to the bottom of the basin and caref retrieves the two triangular shards of porcelain. EXT. TERRACE. DAY. CECILIA lays the two pieces of pottery down by the vase a with her back to ROBBIE, scrambles back into her clothes. she gathers up her sandals, tucks them under her arm, pic the pottery fragments and puts them in her skirt pocket, up the vase of flowers and marches back towards the house ROBBIE stands there, watching her go. Then he reaches out and lays it on the surface of the water, as if to calm it 13. EXT./INT. NURSERY. DAY. BRIONY, seen through the window, closes it and stays wher is for a moment, staring out. Then she turns back into th and crosses it, grabbing up her notebook. EXT. PERGOLA. DAY. BRIONY strides through the rose-covered pergola, moving a from the house. EXT. TALLIS HOUSE DRIVE. DAY. A cream-coloured Rolls-Royce makes its stately way up the INT./EXT. CECILIA’S BEDROOM. DAY. CECILIA’s room is heroically untidy. The bed is unmade, t floor is littered with papers, clothes, and open books, t ashtrays are overflowing and the dressing-table is a disa area. CECILIA herself sits, painting her toenails, when s hears the SOUND of the approaching motor. She crosses to window gingerly, so as not to ruin her nail polish. In the distance she sees ROBBIE striding across the lawns way down to the lodge, where he lives with his mother. Th Royce slows and stops alongside ROBBIE and the passenger out to speak to him. CECILIA frowns in obvious annoyance.
0) 185) dialog: Dear Cecilia, I thought I should write to apologize for my clumsy and inconsiderate behaviour... He sighs, pulls the paper out of the typewriter, crumples and throws it in the waste-paper basket, where it joins o rejected drafts. INT. CECILIA’S BEDROOM. DAY. CECILIA is studying herself in the full-length mirror. Sh wearing a black dress and a jet necklace. With a profound sigh, she shakes her head and lets the dr fall to the floor. 23. On SOUND: the final duet of Act 1 of La Boheme. INT. ROBBIE'S STUDY/BEDROOM. DAY. The music is on ROBBIE’S gramophone. He leans back, wrenc the paper out of the typewriter, again, crumpling it and throwing it in the waste-paper basket. A series of JUMP CUTS: ROBBIE moves over to the gramophon stands a moment listening to the climax of the duet, pick the arm and moves the needle back to replay the high note paces his small room. He feeds another sheet of paper int typewriter, stubs out his cigarette, pulls the sheet out typewriter and starts again. Decisively, he begins to typ As he types, the words appear on the paper: “In my dreams your cunt, your sweet wet cunt. In my thoughts I make lov you all day long. Robbie.” ROBBIE sits back with a small gasp and laughs; he’s surpr himself. Then he pulls the page out of the typewriter, se down on Gray’s Anatomy, pushes the typewriter aside and r for some notepaper and a fountain pen. After a pause for reflection, he unscrews the pen and starts writing. He writes: “Dear Cecilia...”
0) 186) dialog: «+. you'd be forgiven for thinking me mad-the way I acted this afternoon. INT. CECILIA'S BEDROOM. DAY. CECILIA is now wearing a green halter-neck evening gown a jet necklace has been replaced with a rope of pearls. A c of other dresses lie on the floor beside the rejected bla dress.
0) 187) dialog: The truth is, I feel rather light- headed and foolish in your presence, Cee, and I don’t think I can blame the heat. Will you forgive me? Robbie. CECILIA fixes on a diamond hair-clip, contemplates her reflection for a moment, this time with satisfaction and the room. 24. INT. STAIRS/FRONT ROOM. LODGE. DAY. ROBBIE comes downstairs in a vest, carrying a shoe brush pair of black brogues. His mother, GRACE TURNER, whom we' already encountered in the Tallis kitchen, is sitting in front room with her eyes closed, her feet up and her slip dangling from her toes. ROBBIE spreads out a double page Daily Sketch, before sitting to polish his shoes.
0) 189) dialog: Yes; Leon asked me to join them for dinner.
0) 191) dialog: I’1l think of you when I see my face in the spoon. He stands up. GRACE watches him for a moment.
0) 193) dialog: That’s because I’m all yours. ROBBIE kisses his mother’s forehead.
0) 194) dialog: I‘ll be late.
0) 197) dialog: Yes?
0) 199) dialog: Briony? Is that you? BRIONY turns, obviously startled and straightens her hair
0) 200) dialog: Are you all right? BRIONY nods, her face flushing.
0) 201) dialog: Do you think you could do me a favour? BRIONY scrambles up the slope to join ROBBIE.
0) 202) dialog: Could you run ahead and give this to Cee? I'd feel a bit of a fool handing it over myself.
0) 204) dialog: Briony. EXT. GARDENS. DUSK. But BRIONY is out of earshot, running across the gardens, clutching the envelope. INT. ROBBIE’S STUDY/BEDROOM. DAY. CUT BACK IN TIME. Again ROBBIE tests his lighter three times and leaves the But this time the CAMERA PANS back to ROBBIE’s desk and m on the hand-written letter, still lying on his copy of Gr Anatomy. EXT. DRIVEWAY. DUSK. ROBBIE, panicked now, cups his hands around his mouth and at the top of his voice:
0) 205) dialog: Briony! INT. HALLWAY. DUSK. BRIONY runs into the hall and stands for a moment, alone. impulsively, she rips open the letter, stuffs the envelop her pocket and reads. The SOUND of a typewriter, builds to: INT. ROBBIE'S STUDY/BEDROOM. DAY. The hammers of ROBBIE’S typewriter in extreme close-up, c down with the word: C-U-N-T INT. HALLWAY. DUSK. WIDE on BRIONY, a tiny figure isolated in the vast hall, transfixed by what she’s just read. 27. INT. DRAWING ROOM. DUSK. CECILIA and LEON, both holding gin-and-tonics, sit in a w seat overlooking the gardens.
0) 248) dialog: It was a mistake.
0) 250) dialog: Oh God. I’m so sorry. It was the wrong version.
0) 252) dialog: No one was ever meant to...
0) 255) dialog: I don’t know, it was more formal, it was less...
0) 257) dialog: Yes. CECILIA doesn’t know whether to laugh or cry. ROBBIE begi inch towards her as she begins to back gradually into a d corner, until she’s up against the bookshelves. 33.
0) 260) dialog: Why are you crying?
0) 262) dialog: Yes, I know exactly. He reaches out and draws her to him, until their faces ar inches apart. He kisses her briefly and pulls back; then look at each other and kiss again, this time a long, pass and breathless kiss, that draws from CECILIA a falling, s sound. He pushes her back into the corner and she starts at his shirt, pulling at his waistband. He buries his fac her breasts and she drags his head up by the hair and bit lip. She links her hands around his neck. He reaches down her dress and into her underwear. She kicks off her shoes raises one of her feet on to the lowest shelf. He undoes buttons, lifts her dress and enters her. She turns her he sharply, biting her lip. They stop moving and slowly turn look into each other’s eyes. Then, after a long, still pa they whisper to one another, barely audible.
0) 264) dialog: Cecilia.
0) 266) dialog: I love you. 34. She gasps as he starts moving again, crushing her against creaking shelves. He takes her wrist and holds it back ag the wall. The door opens. CECILIA and ROBBIE freeze.
0) 279) dialog: They didn’t look very happy last time I saw them, poor little chaps.
0) 348) dialog: Ssh. He’s heard footsteps approaching the barn. NETTLE and MAC for their rifles and ROBBIE takes out a revolver. Two fig appear in the doorway, carrying something, possibly weapo it’s too dark to tell.
0) 350) dialog: Bonsoir. He whispers to the CORPORALS
0) 351) dialog: Let me do this.
0) 353) dialog: Anglais.
0) 355) dialog: Quoi? (What?)
0) 357) dialog: He says he’s got something for us.
0) 360) dialog: Vous aussi! (Put away yours!)
0) 363) dialog: Er, Vive la France. Later. The two FRENCHMEN sit in the loft with ROBBIE, MAC NETTLE, circulating the wine bottle.
0) 365) dialog: Tout au commencement de la retraite, il y avait un attaque de Panzers et j'ai été séparé de ma section. (When the retreat started, Panzers attacked and I was separated from my unit.) 1sT FRENCHMAN Ah, c’est vrai, 1l’armée anglaise se retire. (So it’s true, the English are retreating.) 47.
0) 366) dialog: On va disparaitre, avant qu’il fait jour. (We'll be gone at first light.) 1sT FRENCHMAN On s’est battu toutes ces années, tant de gens sont morts. Maintenant les Allemands sont de nouveau en France. (We fought all those years, lost all those dead. Now the Germans are back in France.)
0) 367) dialog: On va revenir. On va les chasser. C’est promis. (We’ll come back. We’1ll throw them out. I promise you.) Later. Below, the FRENCHMEN smile and wave. 1sT FRENCHMAN Bonne chance! (Good luck!) They disappear into the night. NETTLE turns to ROBBIE.
0) 369) dialog: Not eligible for officer training if you join direct from prison.
0) 371) dialog: No, I’m not: they gave me a choice, stay in prison or join the army. They’re looking at him with increased respect, as he adds quietly:
0) 372) dialog: And, for the record, the last thing I am is a toff. He leans back against the wall, lost in thought. 48. INT. JOE LYONS CORNER HOUSE IN THE STRAND. DAY.
0) 375) dialog: I’m sorry I’m late, I got lost.
0) 377) dialog: Hello. A short silence.
0) 379) dialog: Yes, of course. She’s already ordered tea and now she pours him a cup. He hesitates over the sugar bowl.
0) 381) dialog: Two, thank you. He begins stirring his tea; CECILIA puts a hand over his. moment passes, then he gently takes his hand away.
0) 382) dialog: Where are you living?
0) 384) dialog: You look the same, apart from the uniform of course.
0) 386) dialog: Oh, God, that’s... He breaks off, mastering his dismay. Two OLD LADIES are gossiping at a nearby table.
0) 388) dialog: No...Have you been in touch with your family?
0) 390) dialog: Cee, you don’t...owe me anything.
0) 392) dialog: Yes. But if all we have rests on a few moments in the library three and a half years ago, then I’m not sure...I don’t know if... CECILIA puts her hand on his.
0) 395) dialog: Dearest Cecilia... Dearest Cecilia... Cecilia... EXT. WHITEHALL. DAY. CUT BACK IN TIME. ROBBIE is walking CECILIA to the bus stop, through millin crowds, many in uniform, past sandbags piled high in shop entrances.
0) 398) dialog: I love you. ROBBIE starts to run after the bus, but soon it accelerat away, leaving him marooned in the middle of the road, the traffic passing either side of him. 51. EXT. BARN. DAWN. ROBBIE sits outside the barn in the pearly dawn light. He looking at the now somewhat battered photograph of the co which is attached to a bundle of letters, which he now pu in an inside pocket. Then, checking to make sure he’s not watched, he opens his shirt to reveal, at his solar plexu wound about the size of an old penny. It doesn’t look too just red and sore. But when he presses on it, he gasps in and the wound releases a flow of colourless liquid. EXT. FIELDS. DAWN. The three soldiers move across a field, silhouetted again rising sun. They move along the bank of a narrow canal, in which are reflected the shapes of three German bombers, passing ove
0) 403) dialog: Come back. EXT. APPLE ORCHARD. DAY. ROBBIE, MACE and NETTLE move cautiously through a mist-sh orchard.
0) 404) dialog: Come back. Come back. NETTLE, who's limping a little, comes to a ragged halt.
0) 407) dialog: You'll have a job getting back to England in your socks. ROBBIE trudges off through the trees to retrieve NETTLE’s He approaches the area where he thinks NETTLE’s boots mig fallen, a little out of sight of the CORPORALS, finds the picks them up, wearily removes his tin hat, mops his brow closes his red-rimmed eyes. When he opens his eyes again, notices something, frowns and advances a few paces. In a clearing in the orchard, lying in neatly organised r are the corpses of thirty GIRLS, all around 13, dressed i neat black and white uniform of a convent school. ROBBIE looks down at them, appalled and moved. 53. EXT. RIVER-BANK NEAR THE TALLIS HOUSE. DAY. CUT BACK IN TIME. There’s a natural pool not far from the weir in the river flows through the woods at the far end of the Tallis Hous grounds. ROBBIE finishes dressing, picks up a damp towel and emerg the trees to find BRIONY, still in her swimsuit, standing jump-off point, wrapped in a towel.
0) 408) dialog: Come on, pal. You should be getting dressed.
0) 410) dialog: Of course. As ROBBIE bends down to do up his shoelace, there’s a lou splash. He looks up. BRIONY has disappeared, her towel li where she stood. Horrified, ROBBIE moves forward to look the river. BRIONY surfaces for a second, then goes under again. She’ drifting towards the weir. ROBBIE doesn’t hesitate. He di into the river. EXT. UNDERWATER. ROBBIE flounders around in the greenish murk. Then he see flash of white and the bubbles rising round BRIONY’s flai limbs. He swims powerfully towards her. EXT. RIVER-BANK. DAY. ROBBIE drops BRIONY in the shallow water near the bank an strides ashore, furious. BRIONY, on the other hand, seems delighted.
0) 412) dialog: That was an incredibly bloody stupid thing to do. 54.
0) 414) dialog: Don’t you know how easily you could have drowned?
0) 416) dialog: You stupid child! You could have killed us both! Is that your idea of a joke? She looks at him for a moment, shocked by his tone, but d nonetheless.
0) 418) dialog: The story can resume. Our story can resume. I will simply resume. NETTLE’s insistent voice breaks into his reverie.
0) 420) text: NETTLE (cont'd) They want more empire. Give’em this shithole, we keep ours, and it’s Bob’s your uncle and Fanny’s your fucking aunt. Think about it. EXT. SLUICE. DUSK. It’s late afternoon and the sun is low in the sky as ROBB the CORPORALS trudge past some kind of sluice which squat across a broad canal. They’re approaching the outskirts o industrial quarter of Dunkirk, close enough now to see th pall of black smoke rising above the town. EXT. RAILWAY BRIDGE. NIGHT. ROBBIE is trying to get some sleep under a stone railway watched by an impassive bullfrog.
0) 421) dialog: Dearest Cecilia, the story can resume. EXT. BEACH BELOW WHITE CLIFFS. DAY. On a deserted shingle beach, beneath towering chalk cliff CECILIA sits, looking out to sea towards France.
0) 422) dialog: The one I had been planning on that evening walk. I can become again the man who once walked across a Surrey park at dusk in my best suit, swaggering on the promise of life; the man who, with the clarity of passion, made love to you in the library. The story can resume. EXT. INDUSTRIAL QUARTER. DAY. The three soldiers tramp along between narrow-gauge railw lines.
0) 423) dialog: I will return. Find you, love you, marry you, and live without shame. 56. A WIDE ANGLE reveals that ROBBIE, MACE and NETTLE are mov past an enormous burning steelworks ringed with deep bomb craters, with destroyed vehicles at precarious angles. EXT. APPROACH TO BRAY DUNES. DAY. ROBBIE and his companions move along a straight road betw patches of scrub grass, the industrial quarter now behind Suddenly, ROBBIE raises his head.
0) 424) dialog: I can smell the sea. He sets off at a run, along a path cut through long grass and NETTLE labouring behind. EXT. BRAY DUNES. DAY. ROBBIE scrambles up the final steep dune and stops. NETTL MACE join him, their jaws dropping in amazement. They are looking down at an astonishing scene. Beyond the beach at Bray is teeming with SOLDIERS, hundreds of thous men as far as the eye can see. The few ships there are, o the iron-grey Channel, are almost all capsized or ablaze; most striking of all, what looks at first sight like a se jetties turns out to be columns of SOLDIERS, six or eight standing out to sea for almost five hundred yards in the waters, the closest submerged up to their knees, the furt obliged to hold their rifles up above their tin helmets t them dry. The three MEN watch for a moment in silence, be MACE gives out a heavy sigh.
0) 427) dialog: We've just arrived, Sir. Can you tell us what we’re supposed to do?
0) 429) dialog: Where are the ships?
0) 431) dialog: The thing is, I’m expected back, you see.
0) 436) dialog: Come on. I have to get something to drink.
0) 439) dialog: There. Come on. He scrambles up a wooden stairway and disappears into the cinema, having taken one last appraising look out across raucous inferno of the beach. INT. CINEMA BAR. DAY. ROBBIE pushes his way through a tight crowd of SOLDIERS, singing “The Long and the Short and the Tall” with the wo changed from “Bless’em all” to “Fuck’em all”. He can’t fi anything to drink, and, as a brawl starts up and bottles to fly, he ducks through a door at the back. INT. BACKSTAGE AREA. DAY. ROBBIE finds a tap on the wall in a kind of box-room, clu with film cannisters; he tries it, but nothing comes out. background, the SONG has changed to “The White Cliffs of but ROBBIE has heard, under this, the murmur of French di and he moves forward to investigate. INT. CINEMA. DAY. ROBBIE scrambles down a ladder and finds himself at the f a giant screen where the huge face, full of doomed melanc of Jean Gabin leans forward to kiss the shining lips of M Morgan in Quai des Brumes. As Gabin kisses her a second t ROBBIE, dwarfed by the enormous black-and-white image, bu his face in his hands. EXT. STREET IN BRAY. NIGHT. ROBBIE wanders down a rubble-strewn street, between blazi buildings and vehicles; NETTLE, accompanying him, cups hi around his mouth.
0) 442) dialog: Wait here. He sets off into the shop, leaving a bemused NETTLE. INT. SHOP. NIGHT. ROBBIE moves into a kind of parlour off the main shop. He around; he’s sweating now and very pale. Suddenly, a fami VOICE breaks into his reverie.
0) 444) dialog: It’s so hot in here.
0) 446) dialog: I have to get back. I promised her. To put things right. And she loves me. She's waiting for me. GRACE looks up at him, infinitely understanding. There’s explosion outside. EXT. STREET. NIGHT. ROBBIE strides out of the shop, carrying bread and wine, longer wearing his boots. NETTLE, who’s sitting waiting, obliged to jump to his feet and hurry after him.
0) 450) dialog: Never better. He moves on, frowning in concentration.
0) 451) dialog: Now, I’m wondering if the beach really is the best place for dinner. EXT. SIDE STREET. NIGHT. ROBBIE and NETTLE turn into a side street, as bombs explo not far away, and the night is lit up by flashes of artil
0) 452) dialog: I’m not sure, I don’t recognise it... NETTLE follows, scrambling over rubble and bomb debris. H indicates a dark opening.
0) 454) dialog: No, no, it’s a little further on.
0) 456) dialog: This place I know, an old cottage, white clapboard with blue painted window frames. NETTLE finally understands he’s delirious and decides to along with him, whilst manoeuvering him towards the entra an abandoned ice factory.
0) 458) dialog: It’s close to here. 62.
0) 464) text: Key moments from ROBBIE’s past, some familiar, some not, some running backwards. The fragment of Meissen flies back up out of the fountain attaches itself to the lip of the vase. 63. ROBBIE takes back the letter he’s handed to BRIONY. The hammers of ROBBIE’s typewriter lift the ink from the N-U-C, leaving clean white paper. ROBBIE, alone, advances through a poppy-field in France, blazing sun.
0) 465) dialog: Find you, love you, marry you, and live without shame. The Dunkirk cinema is filled with SOLDIERS singing “The W Cliffs of Dover.” As Jean Gabin kisses Michéle Morgan, ROBBIE raises his fa from his hands. A SLOW TRACKING SHOT finds CECILIA, in her green evening standing outside the Tallis House. ROBBIE’s arrest, played backwards: he backs away from the breaks away momentarily from the CONSTABLE escorting him. CLOSE on CECILIA: She leans forward and whispers into ROB ear.
0) 468) dialog: Noise? What noise?
0) 471) dialog: Thing is, I've decided to stay ona bit. I’m meeting someone. I’m always keeping her waiting. NETTLE wipes the sweat off ROBBIE’S forehead; he begins t speak, his voice soothing.
0) 473) dialog: I won't say a word. Wake me before seven, would you? Thanks so much. You won't hear another word out of me. I promise. FADE TO BLACK. INT. CORRIDOR AND WARD IN ST.THOMAS'S HOSPITAL. DAY. A broad, empty hospital corridor, simonized to an improba gloss. A CAPTION: LONDON, THREE WEEKS EARLIER. The SOUND of rapid, regular steps at the far end of the corridor. Then they appear, a group of PROBATIONARY NURSE following a WARD SISTER, like ducklings after their mothe At the back of the group is BRIONY TALLIS, now eighteen, dressed, like the others, in the constricting purple and tunic of a probationer. SISTER DRUMMOND, a woman in her thirties with a narrow mo a quiet but lethal delivery, and her NURSES sweep into a ward with high ceilings and windows. 65.
0) 612) dialog: Excuse me. Then he’s gone again. Silence.
0) 614) dialog: What is she doing here?
0) 616) dialog: Oh, yes? What about? 84.
0) 618) dialog: I’ll be quite honest with you. I’m torn between breaking your neck here and throwing you down the stairs. BRIONY stands her ground, shaken but not afraid.
0) 619) dialog: Have you any idea what it’s like in jail? Course you don’t. Tell me, did it give you pleasure to think of me inside?
0) 621) dialog: But you did nothing about it.
0) 623) dialog: Do you think I assaulted your cousin?
0) 625) dialog: Did you think it then?
0) 627) dialog: And what’s made you so certain now?
0) 629) dialog: Growing up?
0) 631) dialog: How old do you have to be before you know the difference between right and wrong? Do you have to be eighteen before you can own up to a lie? There are soldiers of eighteen old enough to be left to die on the side of the road! Did you know that?
0) 633) dialog: Five years ago you didn’t care about telling the truth. You and all your family, you just assumed that for all my education, I was still little better than a servant, still not to be trusted. Thanks to you, they were able to close ranks and throw me to the fucking wolves. BRIONY shakes her head. ROBBIE clenches his fist, looks a might attack her. BRIONY prepares herself, flinching. But CECILIA intervenes, holding on to him, calming him.
0) 638) dialog: You'll go to your parents as soon as you can and tell them everything they need to know to be convinced that your evidence was false. You’1ll go and see a solicitor and make a statement and have it signed and witnessed and send copies to us. Is that clear?
0) 640) dialog: Then you'll write a detailed letter to me, explaining everything that led up to you saying you saw me by the lake.
0) 647) dialog: Just do what we’ve asked of you. Write it all down.