1) 0) text: We see the face of a beautiful woman, her sharp eyes focu on the screen. This is NAOMI, early 40’s, poised, tough, brilliant, and pissed off by what she’s watching. On the TV, a bubbly female reporter holds court at the ed of the crowd.
3) 0) text: Naomi gazes at the lights of the city gliding by from the back of a luxury car. INT. MICHAEL’S APARTMENT. NIGHT 6 We track through the apartment, finding the remnants of dinner for two, takeout on fancy plates, an empty wine bottle, a pair of discarded high heels. On the balcony, MICHAEL pours amber scotch into a glass. is late 40s, handsome and charismatic. He hands the glass Naomi. Michael is sharp; nothing gets past this guy. They are in Michael's dimly lit enormous loft apartment. Michael plays with Naomi’s hair.
3) 20) text: 5 Green Rev. (07/15/15) INT. NAOMI’S APARTMENT - BEDROOM. NIGHT 7 An enormous bed with rumpled luxury sheets. The bed is em Through a doorway we see Naomi in an office alcove, typin the computer in a silk nightgown.
6) 0) text: Erin tries to stop herself from crying in a bathroom stal INT. ERIN’S OFFICE. NIGHT 10 A janitor pushes a mop down the quiet deserted hallway. O a few of the offices are lit. In one of them, Erin revises graphs in a smaller, but sti nicely-decorated office. She rubs her eyes, stretches her neck, and reaches for a plastic cup of green juice which has the word KALE scribb on it. She grimaces as she drinks. INT. NAOMI’S APARTMENT - BEDROOM. NIGHT 11 Naomi gets ready for bed, washing her face, taking out he diamond earrings. Her jewelry is neatly arranged in boxes from Tiffany's. She climbs into bed, switching on a flatscreen TV, clicki to resume an episode of Scandal. Her laptop BINGS. She mutes Scandal as she grabs the lapt and opens an attachment from Erin, labeled CACHET. She be expertly scanning the data.
8) 0) text: Naomi walks briskly towards Randall's office. Out of the corner of her eye, she notices a 53 year old executive in nice suit carrying a box of belongings, flanked by two bu security guards. INT. RANDALL’S OFFICE. DAY 14 A gorgeous office with floor-to-ceiling windows. Many Luc trophies and framed portraits of bankers with executives. 9 Green Rev. (07/15/15) Naomi faces RANDALL, Global Head of Equity Capital Market late 50s, imposing, deliberate. He’s been at the top for long time. A perky HR WOMAN, early 30’s, stands nearby, flipping thr a file, and watching Randall, who stares at a small tower Jenga blocks on his gleaming desk. Naomi waits, on edge. Randall carefully pulls out a Jenga block. The tower bare trembles.
10) 0) text: An lofty space lined with bookshelves and high windows. Naomi mingles effortlessly, laughing and chatting with an ethnically diverse crowd of women, mostly in their 20s. S is a star, but an approachable one, with women clamoring talk to her. SAMANTHA, beautiful, tough, and smartly dressed, watches Naomi from across the room. She is familiar with Naomi’s charisma. She chooses her moment to approach.
12) 0) text: Teddy and BILL, a young African-American Associate, take peek at Naomi and Erin who practice the pitch behind glas doors. Bill leans in to Teddy.
13) 0) text: A less corporate, funkier conference room than those we h seen. On the wall, a giant gold key made up of lines of c The CEO, ED, 29, is flanked by his CFO, IAN, a numbers wi who protects Ed like a younger brother, at the head of a table crowded with casually dressed managers. Ed still ha the look of a kid who plays too many video games. Restles energy pulses under his casual exterior. Teddy and Bill distribute pitch books. Erin notices that pens say “Channing Trust,” left behind by the competition She casually flicks one into a nearby trashcan as Naomi begins the pitch. Naomi lives for this; she is in her element.
13) 6) dialog: Okay...
14) 0) text: The early morning light streaks through the window. Naomi twisted over Michael asleep on the couch. We hear:
16) 0) text: Wine flows into glasses, and fingers reach for hors d’‘oe Naomi, Erin, Teddy, Bill and a few others celebrate the d They are toasting and doing shots. Naomi looks relaxed, carefree. 39 28 Green Rev. (07/15/15)
20) 0) text: The conference room buzzes with people, mostly men, inclu Ed and Ian. Conversation quiets as Naomi and her team str into the room. Naomi notices MARIN, a woman with purple h whisper something to the CFO and hurry out of the room. Naomi takes a seat next to Ed.
20) 2) dialog: Let’s do it. Where are we at?
20) 5) dialog: We gotta have a billion valuation.
20) 7) dialog: You said $34 to $36 in the pitch. You’re going to leave tens of millions of dollars on the table.
20) 10) dialog: Look, you begged me for this IPO. You want me to call Channing Trust?
20) 12) dialog: We know what happened with your last IPO.
20) 15) dialog: The number is 35. Erin glances briefly at Naomi, as if asking permission. N nods almost imperceptibly.
20) 19) dialog: No, hang on. I get this. A party. Go on--
20) 22) dialog: People will line up around the block.
20) 24) dialog: I like you. He smiles. Ian looks apprehensive.
20) 25) dialog: You know how to talk to people. I‘1l party with you anytime.
21) 0) text: Naomi, in silk pajamas, nibbles room service strawberries she reviews a due diligence checklist. She closes it and flips through open tabs on her computer: a bio of Ed, A l of best dermatologists in NYC, and a Soul Cycle class schedule. She glances up at the TV, playing silently over the bed. Suddenly she fixes her eyes on the screen. She scrambles for the remote control, turning up the volu On the TV:
22) 0) text: Sam scribbles on a large whiteboard with a cluster of nam and arrows: “Michael,” “Titanite Capital.” The photo of B on his snowboard is tacked up next to his name. Frank pokes his head in, sees Sam crossing out “NAOMI”
23) 0) text: Michael joins two hedge fund guys, BENJI, 40’s, the guy f the skiing picture and CORY, 35, a Benji-in-training, at VIP table in a swanky lounge.
27) 0) text: From across the restaurant, Naomi sees Erin and Ed sharin sushi, laughing together. Her blouse shows a little cleav Ed casually puts his hand on Erin’s shoulder. She smiles him.
27) 2) dialog: Naomi! Have a seat.
27) 6) dialog: Oh yea.
27) 8) dialog: I am in very good shape.
27) 12) dialog: Sounds like you met Marin.
27) 14) dialog: Unfortunately our business can attract some colorful characters.
27) 16) dialog: Look, I can promise you we’ve never been hacked. In theory there’s a backd door to everything. But we stay one step ahead. That’s the game.
29) 23) text: 56 Sam, now little dressed up, drinks a martini, subtly watc Cory, who sits with another HEDGE FUND GUY, who is talkin excitedly. Cory is nodding a lot, taking gulps of his dri and looking a little jittery. Hedge Fund Guy shakes Cory’s hand and leaves. Cory glance and catches Sam looking at him. She smiles coyly and make her way over to him.
32) 0) text: A golf cart delivers Naomi to where JOHN, her mentor, mid 50s, exuding a relaxed confidence, stands overlooking an entire golf course. He greets her with open arms.
39) 0) text: Michael drains a scotch. Benji walks in and tosses him a tied with a bow.
41) 0) text: Naomi and her team enter a room filled with men in suits. 72 73 74 75 76 62 Green Rev. (07/15/15)
42) 0) text: The same Conference Room with new production design and n extras. The Cachet logo of the gold key made up of code. Ed and Ian, flanked by Naomi and Erin, address a crowd of in suits munching cookies.
42) 1) dialog: Cachet is not a social network with privacy settings...
43) 1) dialog: We are a privacy company with a social network. More men in suits. Tea and biscuits. Erin displays a graph of revenue, Ian looking on. Ed pose for a selfie. Bill leans over to Teddy.
44) 6) dialog: Well that’s the purpose of end-to- end encryption. Naomi nods.
48) 0) text: Sam, escorted by a SECURITY GUARD, walks onto a trading floor, taking it all in. A cavernous space filled with ro row of desks dwarfed by giant screens flashing ever-chang numbers. A conspicuous number of desks are empty. Financi news plays on additional screens on the walls. Sam watches, fascinated. A sleek young BROKER approaches.
50) 0) text: Erin approaches where Ed waits for her at the bar.
50) 2) dialog: Whoa, you ever relax? Have a drink. 94 95 74 Green Rev. (07/15/15)
50) 4) dialog: This place has an amazing view.
50) 8) dialog: Come on Erin. You’re what, a VP? If I really want to talk business, I‘1l call Naomi. She looks at him, stung. She turns to go.
50) 9) dialog: Erin... She walks quickly through the lobby, the sounds and light blurring around her. Her foot catches on a luggage cart a she nearly crashes into two women with fur coats and shop bags. She pushes through, just trying to get to the stree
52) 49) dialog: Hi Naomi.
52) 51) dialog: Look, it wasn’t my call. INT. NAOMI’S APARTMENT - KITCHEN/LIVING ROOM. NIGHT 98A Naomi paces. INTERCUT SCENES.
52) 53) dialog: We've got it under control. She got a very nice severance, and our legal team had her sign all kinds of shit.
52) 55) dialog: Hey Naomi, news flash-- I don’t work for you. And I gotta tell you, the doubts, the second-guessing-- I’m getting tired of it. I mean we got orders pouring in, right?
52) 57) dialog: Yeah? ‘Cause I thought it was your job to be inspiring. Ed hangs up. Naomi pulls out her Blackberry and looks at Marin’s phone number. She hesitates. She dials the number rings and rings. No answer. Naomi opens the fridge and takes out a bottle of wine, an the fish food. Naomi puts her face close to the glass of the fish tank. watches the glittery creature swim through the large tank completely unaware of her.
52) 61) text: 101 102 103 104 81 Green Rev. (07/15/15) INT. NAOMI’S APARTMENT - LIVING ROOM/KITCHEN. NIGHT Al01 Naomi kickboxes a little wildly, her trainer egging her o She wipes sweat from her brow. INT. SAM’S APARTMENT. MORNING 101 Sam sits in a lotus position, attempting to meditate. She tries to ignore the sound of her phone vibrating, but her eyes keep popping open. Finally she gives up and she reac for her phone. A message from Cory: MADE CONTACT.
57) 54) dialog: Absolutely. There is a brief awkward moment where she waits for him t say more, then plunges forward.
57) 56) dialog: I want to take this moment to personally reassure our investors. This morning, I have uploaded three photos to my own profile on the Cachet network. And I don’t mind telling you, that these photos, they are highly personal in nature. If you know what I mean. Ian jumps in.
57) 58) dialog: If anybody thinks they can access my photos, I say go ahead and try. Ian is still trying to get a word in.
61) 0) text: The buzz of anticipation on the floor. Ed, looking especially sharp, steps up and proudly rings opening bell.
77) 0) text: Naomi moves through the bank. She feels that all eyes are her. 147 148 149 101 Green Rev. (07/15/15) Her assistant whispers with a younger, prettier assistant They get quiet the minute they see her. She goes right pa them into her office. INT. NAOMI’S OFFICE. DAY 147 Naomi scans her schedule on the computer furiously as she talks on the phone.
79) 2) text: 150 151 102 Green Rev. (07/15/15) Sam’s face, stunned. EXT. SAM’S APARTMENT. DAY A150 Sam walks slowly up to her building. INT. SAM’S APARTMENT - BATHROOM. DAY 150 Water runs over Sam as she stands in the shower. We hear knocking at the bathroom door.
82) 0) text: Naomi walks through the bank, her head held high, still holding the Jenga block. When she gets to her office she that a security guard is already waiting for her. She hands him her blackberry. She looks around her office potted plant. A coffee mug. A dish of mints. The Lucite trophies, one for each successful deal. She does not take anything with her.