1) 0) text: We see the face of a beautiful woman, her sharp eyes focu on the screen. This is NAOMI, early 40’s, poised, tough, brilliant, and pissed off by what she’s watching. On the TV, a bubbly female reporter holds court at the ed of the crowd.
13) 0) text: A less corporate, funkier conference room than those we h seen. On the wall, a giant gold key made up of lines of c The CEO, ED, 29, is flanked by his CFO, IAN, a numbers wi who protects Ed like a younger brother, at the head of a table crowded with casually dressed managers. Ed still ha the look of a kid who plays too many video games. Restles energy pulses under his casual exterior. Teddy and Bill distribute pitch books. Erin notices that pens say “Channing Trust,” left behind by the competition She casually flicks one into a nearby trashcan as Naomi begins the pitch. Naomi lives for this; she is in her element.
13) 4) dialog: Well, you’re certainly presenting us with some compelling numbers...
15) 0) text: Sam and ABBY, a stylish compliance lawyer, listen to a recording.
20) 0) text: The conference room buzzes with people, mostly men, inclu Ed and Ian. Conversation quiets as Naomi and her team str into the room. Naomi notices MARIN, a woman with purple h whisper something to the CFO and hurry out of the room. Naomi takes a seat next to Ed.
20) 4) dialog: Now just a minute here--
20) 8) dialog: We can get at least 35. Naomi hesitates. She needs this to go smoothly.
20) 17) dialog: A party?
20) 27) dialog: So if we're talking about selling 15% of the company now, we should discuss what options that gives us going forward.
29) 0) text: Sam sits on the steps, delicately balancing a sandwich an giant ream of spreadsheets she is highlighting. Frank approaches with two coffees, and looks over her shoulder.
42) 0) text: The same Conference Room with new production design and n extras. The Cachet logo of the gold key made up of code. Ed and Ian, flanked by Naomi and Erin, address a crowd of in suits munching cookies.
48) 0) text: Sam, escorted by a SECURITY GUARD, walks onto a trading floor, taking it all in. A cavernous space filled with ro row of desks dwarfed by giant screens flashing ever-chang numbers. A conspicuous number of desks are empty. Financi news plays on additional screens on the walls. Sam watches, fascinated. A sleek young BROKER approaches.
57) 57) dialog: What Ed means is-- there has been never been a security breach on this network, and --