8) 0) text: Naomi walks briskly towards Randall's office. Out of the corner of her eye, she notices a 53 year old executive in nice suit carrying a box of belongings, flanked by two bu security guards. INT. RANDALL’S OFFICE. DAY 14 A gorgeous office with floor-to-ceiling windows. Many Luc trophies and framed portraits of bankers with executives. 9 Green Rev. (07/15/15) Naomi faces RANDALL, Global Head of Equity Capital Market late 50s, imposing, deliberate. He’s been at the top for long time. A perky HR WOMAN, early 30’s, stands nearby, flipping thr a file, and watching Randall, who stares at a small tower Jenga blocks on his gleaming desk. Naomi waits, on edge. Randall carefully pulls out a Jenga block. The tower bare trembles.
48) 0) text: Sam, escorted by a SECURITY GUARD, walks onto a trading floor, taking it all in. A cavernous space filled with ro row of desks dwarfed by giant screens flashing ever-chang numbers. A conspicuous number of desks are empty. Financi news plays on additional screens on the walls. Sam watches, fascinated. A sleek young BROKER approaches.
82) 0) text: Naomi walks through the bank, her head held high, still holding the Jenga block. When she gets to her office she that a security guard is already waiting for her. She hands him her blackberry. She looks around her office potted plant. A coffee mug. A dish of mints. The Lucite trophies, one for each successful deal. She does not take anything with her.
83) 0) text: Erin hurries towards Michael’s office. A FEMALE SECURITY GUARD is packing up odd and ends. Erin stops in the doorw watching. Trader 1 approaches.
83) 5) dialog: That’s where the big bucks are these days, huh. 105 Green Rev. (07/15/15) She takes a tin of chocolate espresso beans out of a desk drawer. FEMALE SECURITY GUARD (CONT’D) Coffee bean? Erin just shakes her head. 156 INT. NAOMI’S OFFICE. DAY 156 Erin approaches Naomi’s office only to see that she too i gone. Security is taking the computer. Erin watches a moment. Teddy and Bill approach, stand next to her in silence.