1) 2) dialog: Oh my god, Ian. That’s hilarious!
1) 7) dialog: She’s the Antichrist, Lance.
1) 9) dialog: Well, I NEED to get out.
1) 11) dialog: Sweet! You rock.
1) 42) text: Sweetie, marriage is about family. Felicia’s your cousin.
1) 44) dialog: (whispering to herself) She’s right, I will. Listen to her. She’s making some solid points. FELICIA’S MOTHER Don’t worry, dear. I'’11 speak to Felicia. Felicia tip-toes down the steps and sneaks out the front door. She nearly makes it out when her mother spots her. FELICIA’S MOTHER (CONT’D) Hon? Come say hi to your cousin and your Aunt Carol. Felicia hangs her head, sighs and goes back inside. We pu away and cross the street again to the home next to Ian’s INT. LANCE’S HOUSE - KITCHEN We find Lance at the breakfast table working on a bowl of Count Chocula. LANCE’S FATHER enters, talking on his cell phone. He’s dressed a little too cool for his age. LANCE’S FATHER Judy! What do you want from me? The boy’s eighteen now. These aren’t my problems anymore. Hello? He looks at the phone. Obviously she hung up. He grabs a bowl, sits down and pours himself some cereal. LANCE'S FATHER (CONT’D) Your mom’s still batshit crazy. Lance shakes his head, eating and reading Maxim. LANCE'S FATHER (CONT’D) Oh, what, she never trash talks me?
8) 0) text: Felicia steps out of a fitting room, wearing a poofy yell dress with a huge bow. She looks miserable. Tiffany circles, nodding her approval.
8) 2) dialog: Yeah. Boobs. Good. Made a note. Felicia notices Sefior Donut out in the mall, going up th escalator. He’s surrounded by a group of white ten-year-o gang-banger-wannabes. They push Ian and he falls sideways rolling down to the bottom and out entrance. The kids fol him down.
9) 0) text: Felicia jogs from the shop, holding her dress off the gro As she arrives, the kids are stomping Ian like a narc.
9) 1) dialog: Aright, piss off, mallrats. They stop. Their leader steps to Felicia with a precociou swagger. He’s a foot shorter than she.
9) 3) dialog: Listen, Trevor or Logan or Cody or whatever the fuck your name is, look at this dress. Do I look like I’m in the mood for your bullshit?
9) 5) dialog: Yeah, that’s right, owie. She releases him. FELICIA (CONT’D) And take the god damn price tag off your hat. She rips the price sticker off the bill of his baseball c
9) 7) dialog: You alright, Ian?
9) 9) dialog: Oh, god! Shut up. Just then, Lance appears next to them.
9) 11) dialog: Not a word about the dress. I swear to fucking god. Ian flounders on the floor, unable to stand.
9) 13) dialog: Ian, why don’t you just quit?
9) 16) dialog: (sarcastic) You can’t fool us, Ian. We know you’re not really a big Mexican donut.
9) 20) dialog: Good. She’s totally wrong for you, anyway.
9) 22) dialog: I gotta go. Satan calls.
9) 24) dialog: So, we’re still on for tomorrow? Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 15.
9) 26) dialog: Awesome. You always come through for me. (leaning in) Hey, it won’t be weird for you if I stay over Saturday?
10) 0) text: TITLE: “FIVE MONTHS AGO” Ian stands alone by the fire. Felicia stumbles over and h him. She’s a bit drunk.
10) 1) dialog: Ian. Hey, dude. Guess what.
10) 3) dialog: I have a secret. Girl secret. Can you deal?
10) 5) dialog: I...Duh. This is so lame.
10) 7) dialog: I know. Okay, okay, okay, okay. Here it is. I have a crush on someone. A boy. A guy.
10) 11) dialog: Oh, I bet you know who. You know me better than anyone. So guess. A look of great understanding comes over Ian’s face.
10) 13) dialog: Ian. You’re my best friend. I just don’t think we--
10) 15) dialog: Oh, nobody. I was kidding too.
10) 18) dialog: Okay, see you guys tomorrow. Felicia trots back to the dress shop. Ian pushes his head back into the suit. He and Lance walk through the mall together. Ian occasionally hands off a coupon to someone.
14) 66) dialog: Ian? Are you on crack? Rex is going to castrate you.
14) 68) dialog: You two better not be bitchin’ out on me. You promised.
14) 70) dialog: Okay. So, where we going? Lance tries to wave Ian off from telling Felicia.
14) 72) dialog: (unfazed) Yeah, okay. Lemmie get my stuff. She hands Ian the bag of goodies and then bolts to her ho
14) 79) dialog: The wedding’s not ‘til next month. So, what’s in Tennessee?
14) 81) dialog: Cancer?
14) 83) dialog: Nana Lafferty?
14) 85) dialog: Oh my god, Grammy K? Of course I’ll go. Is she... Felicia’s eyes well up with tears. Ian realizes he well overshot the lie.
14) 88) dialog: What’s she doing in Tennessee?
15) 0) text: They fly along the highway. Felicia sits in back, leaning against the window. Her iPod earbuds are in. Lance takes the Google maps out of his pocket and flips through them.
15) 2) dialog: What? What’s so funny?
15) 9) dialog: Are you guys gonna go see that?
15) 13) dialog: Yeah, and the girl, who’s supposed to be so great, always has some boyfriend who’s a total rod.
15) 15) dialog: Shut up. It is not.
15) 18) dialog: Yeah, well, those guys didn’t start off as dicks. They turned into dicks. That’s what all you guys are - instant shithead kits - just add love. The Judge moves through rural Indiana. Ian tries to pass pimped out Honda with black windows but the car speeds up
15) 29) dialog: Oh yeah? What if you get the shit kicked out of you?
15) 31) dialog: (sarcastic) Uh, oh. I’m pretty sure that’s a direct challenge to your manhood.
16) 0) text: Lance is washing the windshield. Ian gives Felicia some cash. He’s bouncing on his heels, desperate to pee.
16) 2) dialog: No problemo. Go take that whiz.
17) 0) text: Felicia walks in. A pretty, blonde hick cashier in her ea twenties stands behind the counter, crying. Her raccoon e suggest this has been going on a while. Her name tag says “BRANDY.”
17) 1) dialog: Um... You okay?
17) 3) dialog: You know what might make you feel better? Putting forty on pump two. Brandy snatches Felicia’s money and slams it into the dra Felicia rolls her eyes and steps out as Lance is coming i
18) 0) text: Felicia returns to the gas pump. She realizes that the Judge’s gas tank is on the other side. She gets in the ca
20) 0) text: Felicia does a U-turn but before she can get back, a shit mini-van pulls up to Felicia’s pump. A nasty red-haired REDNECK WOMAN in a transparent visor climbs out, followed several creepy children. She starts pumping Felicia’s gas into her van as she lights a cigarette. (She’s also weari nicotine patch.) Felicia gets out and steps up to her.
20) 1) dialog: Excuse me, ma’am? That was my pump.
20) 3) dialog: Listen, Reba, if you value either one of those teeth you got left, shut off the pump. Felicia is smaller than the woman but her face is all fir The woman considers her for a long beat.
22) 0) text: Ian comes outside. Felicia is finishing up pumping the ga She smiles like nothing happened. Lance comes out of the truckstop with his arm around Bran the counter girl, who’s still crying. Ian and Felicia exchange annoyed expressions.
23) 3) dialog: It stinks in here. Ian gestures toward a cat that is pissing on the carpet, to a cat box that has not been cleaned out in a long time
23) 5) dialog: (standing) That sounds good. I could go for a purple. Ian? Purple? INT. BRANDY’S BEDROOM Brandy’s tiny room is not much of an improvement over the living room. Lance and Brandy are rolling around on her f brass bed. She pulls out some handcuffs.
23) 9) dialog: Uh, yeah. I think she’s got a few. INT. BRANDY’S BEDROOM Two pairs of handcuffs now lock Lance’s hands to the meta bars of the headboard. He’s loving it.
23) 16) dialog: What? Who?
23) 18) dialog: Oh my God, Ian. Gross. You guys are like brothers to me. Whatever. Ian just stares back for an awkward moment. Suddenly he’s distracted by a monster truck pulling up outside.
23) 21) text: Ian and Felicia just stare back, blankly.
23) 22) dialog: Howdy. Howdy.
23) 29) dialog: Or what!? You gonna hit a girl?
26) 0) text: The car races blindly through the field. Hundreds of corn stalks thump over the hood as they plow through. Lance, still naked, rides shotgun. Felicia is in the back seat.
26) 2) dialog: It feels like left.
30) 0) text: Felicia is watching out the back.
30) 1) dialog: You’re not gonna lose him, Ian. He’s following our corn wake.
30) 3) dialog: Whatever! Ian slams on the brakes.
31) 0) text: Ian backs up and turns left down a perpendicular path tha they had previously trampled. Rick catches up but ends up lost in a dead end of corn. Ian turns hard right. The Judge bursts out of the corn, u the side of the ditch and jumps, landing back on the road Lance and Felicia cheer.
31) 2) dialog: Awesome driving, Ian! You’re amazing! She kisses Ian’s head, then smacks Lance upside his. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 48. FELICIA (CONT’D) You suck, Lance!
31) 5) dialog: Anyone know where we are?
31) 10) dialog: Ian! Do NOT pick up a hitchhiker.
32) 0) text: The Hitchhiker sits in the back seat. Felicia leans again the car, trying her phone. Lance (now in pants) and Ian stand over the open hood, staring blankly at the engine. cows stand just across a fence, watching.
32) 3) dialog: Nothing. No bars whatsoever. She looks at the engine. FELICIA (CONT’D) It probably just needs water. Is there any in the trunk? Ian shakes his head. FELICIA (CONT’D) My brother’s car overheated once and he peed in the radiator. Ian and Lance shrug to one another. Ian reaches to remove the radiator cap.
32) 9) dialog: Gee. No thanks. Lance pees into the radiator. He finishes with way too ma extra ‘shakes.’
32) 25) dialog: I don’t think that’s enough.
32) 27) dialog: What? No way. I don’t have the aim you guys have.
32) 30) dialog: Oh, thank god. He starts chugging the water.
32) 31) dialog: No! Wait! What are you doing!? He polishes off the water with a refreshed, “ahhhh.”
32) 33) dialog: Any of you pervs peek and I swear it’1ll be your last conscious act. Ian, Lance and the hitchhiker lean against the side of th car. Ian excitedly waves to an approaching car. The small white car slows down. A family of very proper church folk smile as they pull along side.
32) 35) dialog: Just try it. Ian climbs in, takes a deep breath and turns the key. It starts. The temperature gauge creeps up but levels off ju shy of the red. They all breathe a sigh of relief. Lance and Felicia climb in. The hitchhiker reaches for the door but Ian reaches back and locks it.
32) 41) dialog: Go, Ian. Just go! Ian throws the car in gear and lays on the gas. The car lurches forward about two feet before stopping hard and stalling out. Ian and Felicia bounce off the dash. The hitchhiker steps back to Ian’s window. Ian turns the key. Nothing. After a beat, the hitchhiker cracks up.
33) 2) dialog: God, it’s hot out here.
33) 6) dialog: Where you going?
34) 0) text: Ian and Felicia walk silently down the road. Ian keeps checking his phone - no bars. Felicia smiles at him. He turns to her. The word HOT is imprinted mirror image in h forehead from the radiator cap. Felicia cracks up. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
34) 5) dialog: Oh my god, your head. I’m sorry. Does it hurt?
34) 7) dialog: Yeah. Lance. (beat) Still, that was some pretty badass driving back there, Luke Duke.
34) 9) dialog: Dude. What’s that?
36) 0) text: Felicia and Ian smile in awe as they arrive at a massive alongside the road. It is covered with shoes of every sha size and color, each dangling by its laces. It’s an oddly breathtaking sight in the setting sun.
36) 2) dialog: It’s beautiful. Take my picture. Ian snaps a picture of her with his phone, then starts walking again. Felicia remains behind. Ian turns. She takes off her shoes and starts tieing them together.
36) 4) dialog: Now you.
36) 6) dialog: Oh come on, Ian. You never do anything crazy.
36) 8) dialog: To visit your grandma? Yeah, you’re a madman. Trust me. Do it. It’s feel great and you’1ll always remember this moment.
36) 10) dialog: I’ll be fine. I like being barefoot. She stubbornly walks on.
38) 0) text: Ian and Felicia are walking away from the tree. A truck i coming! Ian steps into the road and waves his arms. The truck slows down and stops a hundred feet past them. They run for it.
40) 0) text: Ian puts his phone back in his pocket and walks over to Lance, Felicia, Ezekiel and the Judge. A bunch of Amish k are working on a few lesser muscle cars. Some dress like secular kids; some wear traditional Amish clothes. They a all excited to see the Judge. JEREMIAH, a young Rumspring kid, pulls the oil dipstick out and shows it to Ian.
41) 0) text: Ian, Lance and Felicia walk up to the barn.
41) 3) dialog: Right. I’m sure it’s gonna be a one rad quilting bee. They round the corner to see a beer truck unloading sever kegs. Lance points to a parked tour bus. The door opens a the members of Foo Fighters pile out. Dave Grohl nods to them on his way by. FELICIA (CONT’D) No F-ing way.
42) 8) dialog: Forget it. I’m not gonna be your consolation prize.
45) 0) text: Felicia Ian sits on a hay bail, depressed, alone and nursing his beer. Felicia sits down next to him, looking equally sad.
45) 1) dialog: Is the car ready? Can we go?
45) 3) dialog: Nothing. I’m fine.
45) 5) dialog: Wrong. But thanks for playing. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 64. Ian’s not in the mood to do his usual sweet boy routine.
45) 7) dialog: Right. He’s a shallow, pretty-boy, player. I am so not into that. She looks at Ian, he can see right through her. Her expression turns sad and vulnerable. She hangs her head. FELICIA (CONT’D) You must think I’m such an idiot.
45) 9) dialog: Promise me, you’ll never be like Lance. I mean, I know he likes to give you advice but you’re the only truly good person I know. Don’t let him contaminate you, okay? Ian looks a bit ashamed.
45) 11) dialog: No. You go ahead. Ian speaks in the quiet sing-song way that one might use cheer up a child with offers of ice cream.
46) 0) text: Ian and Felicia are dancing and laughing and getting wast Montage through the night as they down more and more drin and get crazy with the Amish. At one point Ian even stage dives and gets body-passed over the crowd. Meanwhile, Lan and MARY, the Amish beauty, dance and hang out together. FADE TO BLACK.
49) 0) text: The open field is filled with cars and campers. Kids slee everywhere - in the vehicles, in the barn and right on th ground. Ian wakes to find that he’s lying in the bed of a pick-up truck. Lance is sprawled out in the cab. Ian sits up and rubs his pounding head. Felicia is limping toward him, still barefoot, a pained expression on her face. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 66.
49) 2) dialog: Mine too. She stubbornly corrects her walk and expression but her f are a mess - cut, blistered and filthy.
49) 4) dialog: I’m fine, pussyfoot.
49) 8) dialog: What about visiting your grandma?
50) 0) text: Ian drives down the highway. Felicia rides shotgun. Lance sits in back, looking depressed.
50) 2) dialog: I wouldn’t worry about it. In fifteen minutes, you probably won’t even remember her name.
50) 4) dialog: Lance. Listen to yourself. People want what they can’t get. Remember your little theory? Forbidden fruit - that’s all she is.
50) 23) dialog: What? What is it?
50) 25) dialog: So? You're going to visit your Grandma. He’1ll understand that.
51) 24) dialog: What?
52) 0) text: Ian, Lance and Felicia walk though the midway. Felicia points to a carnival game. It’s a short rope ladder at a slight incline. Everyone who tries to scale it, flips the ladder over, landing in a pile of hay.
52) 2) dialog: No way. That game is so rigged. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 74. Ian gives the barker a five and scales the ladder effortlessly. The buzzer goes off, attracting a crowd. Th carny begrudgingly hands Ian a massive lollypop. Lance an Felicia cheer and clap. FELICIA (CONT’D) Wow! That’s amazing!
52) 16) dialog: Well, actually we were just...
53) 0) text: A stage is set up at one end; hundreds of people sit in folding chairs facing it. Ian, Felicia and Lance take sea (in that order) in the front row. Felicia checks her watc
53) 1) dialog: Do we really have time for this, Tan? Lance elbows her and they speak sotto, away from Ian.
53) 3) dialog: Doing what?
53) 5) dialog: I am not tw...doing that. Loud techno music kicks in and the side flaps of the tent drop, making it very dark inside. On stage an elaborate light show illuminates a line of yo beautiful girls who perform a sexy hip-hop dance routine. huge video screen behind them shows crazy graphics of fun activities and extreme sports over an “AIM” logo. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
54) 0) text: Ian exits through a flap at the back of the tent, looking shell-shocked. Lance and Felicia sprint around the outsid of the tent, laughing.
54) 3) dialog: You did too! Right in front of God and everybody! You pledged!
54) 13) dialog: Wow.
54) 16) dialog: Oh, you are DEAD, psycho-virgin! Felicia goes after Mandy but Lance and Ian hold her back. Mandy runs away. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
55) 0) text: Lance drives. Ian sits with Felicia in the back seat. He holds a cloth to her mouth with one hand and works his ph with the other, looking for a dental listing.
55) 3) dialog: My toof id broke! Just get us there. Ian checks his watch. FELICIA (CONT’D) I’m thorry I’m making you late for your grandma.
55) 5) dialog: Id’s really thweet how you’re so worried about her. You’re a good guy, Ian. Ian and Lance exchange shamed glances in the rear-view.
55) 11) text: Rex pitches a tantrum for the ages. He violently shakes t garage door, tearing it off it’s rails. It lowers enough him to start kicking it. He breaks it. He reaches inside and pulls out Ian’s bike and starts slamming it against t driveway. Once out of steam, he stomps down the driveway across the street. As he crosses, he holds up a “halt” hand. Offscreen we he a car go into a shrieking skid. Rex is unfazed as he marc up Felicia’s driveway. The car rolls by behind him. Rex arrives on Felicia’s porch. He rings the bell and seethes and swears under his breath while he waits. Felicia’s mother opens the door. His face instantly transitions to sweet and neighborly. She smiles back. FELICIA’S MOTHER Why, hello Rex. How are things?
56) 0) text: The Judge pulls into the lot. Ian opens his door, he gets out and pulls the seat up for Felicia. She steps out and starts limping toward the office. Ian picks her up.
56) 1) dialog: Whad are you doing? Pud me down! My feet are fine.
57) 0) text: This is a po-dunk dental office in rural Kentucky. Severa paintings of clowns adorn the walls. A magazine rack features People, Us, Oprah and Guns & Ammo. Felicia sits a chair, holding her mouth with one hand and toweling off feet with the other. Ian stands at reception, rattling of text message while he waits: “Tasty. Running a little behind. Need a couple more hours Better make it 8pm. C-U-Soon. - IAN.” A half-awake receptionist with very bad teeth, returns to hand Ian some forms. She speaks in a thick southern accen
57) 4) dialog: Okay. Fine. You were righd. My feet are killing me. I shouldn't have tossed my shoes. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 83.
57) 6) dialog: Yeah. It’s four twenty one--
58) 0) text: Felicia sits in the dental chair. Ian sits in a chair nearby. Dr. Jasper is just finishing giving her a shot.
58) 2) dialog: Ian. You know last spring at Darren Hume’s bonfire?
58) 4) dialog: Ian, please. You know the only reason... is because I don’t ever want to ruin our friendship.
58) 6) dialog: I don’t know what I’d do if I ever lost you, Ian. She squeezes his hand.
58) 8) dialog: (half-joking) I don’t know. Maybe I should have just kissed you back that night. They regard one another for a long awkward beat. Ian trie to decide if she’s serious. He laughs nervously. A string of drool drops from her numb lip.
58) 10) dialog: Oh God! She grabs her bib and wipes her face. The doctor returns.
59) 12) dialog: A message came in. Your grandma’s pretty excited to see you. Wet even. She’s thinking about your hands on her body. Sounds ‘Tasty.’ Felicia tosses the bag onto the floor of the front seat a then climbs into the back and sits, looking petulant. Ian wilts. Lance pats Ian on the back before climbing in.
60) 1) dialog: Ian. You’re going the wrong way.
61) 1) dialog: What? No, no, no. Don’t turn around because of me. I’m dying to see Ms. Tasty. This is gonna be hilarious. She’s probably a guy.
61) 4) dialog: Hey, you’re the one telling lies about grandmas and CANCER.
61) 7) dialog: Of course. How could I not? You told her you play football at NORTHWESTERN!? I mean, Jesus Ian.
61) 9) dialog: And those text messages are soooo dickish. I can’t believe she even invited you when you come off like such an a-hole.
61) 11) dialog: I can’t believe you guys.
61) 14) dialog: Yeah, Ian. You obviously stole Rex’s car and drove halfway across the country. This must be what you want. So go do it, chicken shit.
61) 17) dialog: Yeah, Ian. That’s what I want. Suddenly he cranks the wheel. They drive full speed into grassy median. They slide sideways onto the other side of the highway and head back south.
61) 19) dialog: What are you doing? Don’t race him. That’s ridiculous.
61) 22) dialog: IAN! Look out! A fox is walking across the highway! Ian slams on the bre but the car smacks it. All triumph falls from Ian's face, replaced by desperate regret.
62) 0) text: The Judge screeches to a halt. Ian leaps out and runs bac looking around frantically. Felicia gets out and follows. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 90. Cars and trucks occasionally woosh by. Ian finds the anim on the shoulder. He drops to his knees, his eyes tearing
62) 11) dialog: Um...Ian? Ian turns, exasperated to see the fox is still alive. He returns and swings two more times. Again, he walks away i agony. Felicia clears her throat - still alive.
65) 20) dialog: Shathayd’s right. No respect for bitches. None whatsoever.
65) 23) dialog: No.
67) 0) text: Felicia is being led out of the women’s cell down the hal They meet in the middle. Felicia and Ian have calmed down and they exchange humbled smiles. They all turn to see MA signing forms at the desk. She’s still dressed Amish. Lan lights up like a kid on Christmas morning.
69) 0) text: Ian leans against the Judge, wrapping up his texting sess Lance, Felicia and Mary are walking toward him.
70) 0) text: Ian and Felicia sit in the front, silent and far apart. Lance and Mary are in back, snuggling like the love struc teens they are. They pass a sign that reads, “Knoxville 1 mi.” Ian checks his watch. Felicia quietly reaches down for the bag that Ian had giv her. She checks that he’s not looking. She peeks inside. It’s a pair of flip-flops with little daisies on them. He feet are still bare. She gets glassy-eyed. Ian looks over Felicia looks away. She is clearly moved by the gift. EXT. EST. HARLAN’S FANTASY INN - NIGHT An old single level motel has been converted into “fantas rooms. The sign reads, “22 Romantic Fantasy Theme Rooms t Choose From!” It’s right across the street from the Shakey’s. The Judge is parked in front of a room. INT. HARLAN’S FANTASY INN - THE “BLAZE” ROOM The walls are painted with flames. The room is decorated with firefighter memorabilia including hoses, axes, helme and a life-size cardboard cut-out of a sexy shirtless fireman. There’s a thick brass pole in one corner. The be looks like a wide fire engine. The clock on the wall read ten minutes to eleven. Ian is brushing his teeth and getting ready to go. Felici sits on the bed, watching TV. She’s wearing the flip-flop Ian bought for her. Ian takes one more look in the mirror He’s unsure of himself.
70) 1) dialog: You look good.
70) 3) dialog: Ian... Don’t do this, okay? Don’t turn into Lance. You’re a nice guy.
70) 5) dialog: So what if you’re a virgin? It’s just sex, Ian.
70) 7) dialog: Okay. Then do it with me. He turns back, baffled.
70) 9) dialog: Do it with me, not some total stranger. I mean, we're friends, you know you won’t get some nasty disease. Crabs or whatever.
70) 11) dialog: I’m not talking about pity-sex.
70) 13) dialog: I don’t know. Sex. It doesn’t have to mean anything. It doesn’t have to jeopardize our friendship. Ian sighs hard. He can’t take hearing that word again. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 100.
75) 0) text: Bobby Jo is about to pull away when he hears a beeping so He looks around, then rifles through Ian’s clothes. He pu out Ian’s phone. A text message is flashing: “Ian! I’m in the back seat! Help!” Bobby Jo looks over the seat to see Felicia lying on the floor. She gives him a sheepish wave
75) 23) text: Damn it. You’re right. darlin’. 110. Come here Felicia tries to bolt but Bobby Jo grabs her by the hair pulls her back kicking and screaming toward the truck.
75) 61) dialog: Jesus Christ! He’s not the bad guy here! She’s the car thief! The cop looks at Ms. Tasty.
75) 64) dialog: ...-and there’s some guy named Luis who was waiting for them at Fifth and Crescent... Andy and Randy are being interviewed by a hot blonde news reporter.
75) 73) dialog: Thanks for coming for me.
75) 75) dialog: I don’t know.
75) 77) dialog: You first.
75) 79) dialog: Okay. Well, you love me too then. He kisses her. Then a longer one. Rex walks by.
76) 0) text: Ian, Rex, Lance and Felicia are milking cows. Rex is gros out. They are all filthy and sweaty. They look like they' been at it a while. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 116. VROOOM!! They look over to see the Judge being rolled out the barn. The side damage is as good as new and now there are flames on the side. Rex stands, very pleased. They all run to the car. Ezekiel climbs out and pulls off some extra masking tape around the moulding.
77) 0) text: Ian and Felicia are in the Judge. Rex kick starts his dirtbike.
77) 6) dialog: Lance. Give me a break. Ian sees in Lance’s eyes that he’s serious. Ian gets out gives Lance a hug.
77) 9) dialog: Are you sure you’re ready to do this?
78) 0) text: Ian tosses his shoes into the shoe tree. Felicia cheers. They stand and look for a moment more, then walk to the c barefooted. Felicia is fine but Ian is tip-towing and wincing as his tender feet feel every pebble.
79) 0) text: The Judge rolls down the road. Felicia snuggles up to Ian the front seat. They look deeply contented.