0) 2) dialog: Not bad. I’ve seen better, but you make it work. She’s not put off by the back-handed compliment. On the contrary, it seems to make her try harder.
0) 4) dialog: (whispering to himself) God. Don’t be a dork. Act cool. Be a dick. Just be a dick. He retypes, “DAMN, UR SO PUSHY. I’LL UPLOAD MY PIC IN A S
1) 3) dialog: Yeah. Funny, right? Just a joke. Can’t talk right now though. Ian is antsy, trying to see past them to Tasty. Tasty remains oblivious to this entire exchange. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
1) 8) dialog: She’s still hot.
1) 10) dialog: We can hang at my house. The whole family is taking Dylan to his moto- cross nationals this weekend.
1) 12) dialog: Thanks. Now I gotta go.
1) 14) dialog: So, Tasty. Feast your eyes, sugar biscuit. INTERCUT - IAN’S BEDROOM / MYSPACE CYBER RAVE Back in reality, Ian slaps his own head.
1) 15) dialog: Sugar biscuit? You idiot. Back in cyberspace, Tasty looks over at Ian and his car.
1) 17) dialog: Sixty-nine GTO Judge. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca +e * HF
1) 18) text: (dirty smile) Mmmm. I love sixty-nines. Back in his bedroom, Ian is stunned. He stands and nervou paces, muttering to himself. He takes off his glasses.
1) 19) dialog: Whoa. Sixty-nines; she likes those. Okay, don’t puss out. Be a dick Back in cyberspace, Ian continues to act cool. IAN (CONT’D) Whatever. I gotta blow. Coach's got us running two-a-days. Peace. Ian disappears - to Tasty’s great disappointment. INT. IAN’S BEDROOM Ian stares at her picture and her last line, “I LUV 69's. He checks that Dylan is sleeping. He grabs a roll of toil paper from under his bed. He reaches into his pajama pant
1) 21) dialog: No! I was just scratching my leg. It’s itchy...this blanket. INT. IAN’S HOUSE - HALLWAY - MORNING Ian wanders groggily out of his room. He opens the bathro door but stops cold with the door open only three inches. His eyes go like saucers - he’s now wide awake. Ian’s POV through the door: A gorgeous, naked woman is be over and towelling off her hair. Ian watches with nervous curiosity. She turns toward him but the towel covers her face. As she rubs the towel on her head, her boobs jiggle Ian is in a trance until... WOMAN’S VOICE (0.S.) Ian!? Ian turns to see that his parents are standing at the end the hall and looking his way. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
1) 23) dialog: No! I was just gonna use the... His father raises an eyebrow as if to say, “Well, what ab that?” A wider shot of Ian reveals that he has pitched an unmistakable tent in his pajama pants.
1) 29) dialog: No. I do. I just--
1) 33) dialog: Um....I’m sorry.
1) 35) dialog: I’m sorry for...seeing you naked.
1) 37) dialog: Um...and getting a...um...
1) 39) dialog: What!?
2) 0) text: Cue: “Let’s Get it Up” by AC/DC. THE JUDGE (the shiny orange 69 Pontiac GTO from Ian’s pho now rumbles aggressively through the Chicago suburbs.
3) 0) text: Rex drives and sings loudly. Dylan rides shotgun. Ian sit in back; he’s now dressed in a purple polo and visor, embroidered with a “Sefior Donut” logo. Rex turns the rad down.
3) 2) dialog: What?
3) 4) dialog: I didn't say anything!
3) 6) dialog: Rex, I'm not gay.
3) 9) dialog: I don’t think that’s really how it happens. But anyway, I’m not gay.
3) 11) dialog: What!?
3) 13) dialog: Look, there’s this girl I've been kinda getting to know on MySpace.
4) 0) text: The Judge stops and Ian climbs out.
5) 0) text: RON is prepping the donut shop for another day. He's a middle-aged man in a tight button-up manager’s shirt that shows off his gut. Ian enters the store.
5) 2) dialog: Sorry, Ron. My brother drove and... It's only eight oh-three. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
5) 6) dialog: Right. Sorry. Ian puts on an apron and begins prepping the counter. Cue “Got You Where I Want You” by the Flys as several lovely female mall employees arrive and walk by in slow motion. sneaks longing looks at each of them. Several quick close shots of hair, smiles, exposed thongs and the impressions bras and hard nipples through tight shirts. Finally a cute, detached girl about Ian's age shows up wearing the same Sefior Donut uniform and looking tired. gives her a friendly smile. She doesn’t return the favor.
5) 7) dialog: Hey, Becca.
5) 12) dialog: I’m not gross. I didn’t say anything. Becca rolls her eyes and goes into the back.
6) 0) text: Becca is taking a huge foam Sefior Donut mascot costume o a box. Ian comes in to get a bag of powdered sugar. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 11.
6) 2) dialog: No way, Becca. I did coupon rounds yesterday.
7) 0) text: A giant foam donut walks through the food court, handing coupons. Sefior Donut wears a small sombrero, black tight and a purple cape. TIan’s right arm sticks out of the sui The left arm is fake as Ian’s real left arm is kept insid the suit to operate the mouth. (Like the Big Bird suit.) tries to hand out coupons but he’s a soft, timid sell.
7) 1) dialog: Hi. Would you like a coupon for six free-- No? Okay, cool. Sorry. Ian turns to find Ron in his way, arms folded.
7) 3) dialog: Ron, come on. I suck at doing the voice. Please? Ron gives Ian a stern look and then points to a woman com their way. Ian turns to her and in a lame Mexican accent. IAN (CONT’D) Hola. Theees eeez a coupon for seeex free donuts. Es Mui Bueno! The woman stares back uncomfortably and then looks to her left. Ian turns to see what she’s looking at. A Mexican family is standing nearby and glaring at Ian.
7) 4) dialog: (normal voice) I’m sorry. I didn’t mean any... Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 12. The family walks away, offended. Ian sighs.
9) 0) text: Felicia jogs from the shop, holding her dress off the gro As she arrives, the kids are stomping Ian like a narc.
9) 8) dialog: Yeah. Wow. You look pretty.
9) 12) dialog: A little help? Felicia and Lance help him up. IAN (CONT’D) This job sucks so hard. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 14.
9) 14) dialog: I can’t just quit, Felicia. I only got two weeks left to save for college. Tuition’s gone up to-- Lance interrupts, pointing to the donut mouth that Ian is flapping as he speaks.
9) 17) dialog: (not working the mouth) Sorry. Habit. Here, give me a hand with this. Ian struggles to get his head out of the back of the suit He sits on a bench. Lance helps. Ian takes a deep breath.
9) 19) dialog: Becca. Not that great.
9) 21) dialog: That’s what you say about everyone. Tiffany waves Felicia back into the store.
9) 25) dialog: Got the place to myself, I promise.
9) 27) dialog: Why would it be weird?
10) 0) text: TITLE: “FIVE MONTHS AGO” Ian stands alone by the fire. Felicia stumbles over and h him. She’s a bit drunk.
10) 2) dialog: What?
10) 4) dialog: Sure. What do you got? Felicia is flustered, giggly and uncharacteristically gir
10) 6) dialog: Look at you acting like such a girl. You’re creeping me out.
10) 8) dialog: Really. Wow. Who? Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca He HHH OK
10) 12) dialog: I think I know. He nervously leans in for a kiss. Felicia sobers, pulling away. Her face is awash with confusion and pity. Ian has made a terrible mistake. He lamely tries to back-pedal. IAN (CONT’D) Kidding. Got you.
10) 14) dialog: I know. Totally kidding. I mean, “whatever” right? Yeah... He’s not fooling anyone. IAN (CONT’D) So, who is it? Who’s the lucky...
10) 16) dialog: Oh. That’s funny. I guess. Pull back, as they stand together in an awkward silence a several kids party around them.
10) 20) dialog: Yeah, kinda. Kind of a dick.
10) 22) dialog: Lance, I’m actually at work. Can we not do this here?
10) 24) dialog: Andy and Randy? Those guys are total nards.
10) 36) dialog: So, what? They never get anywhere.
11) 0) text: Ian, still dressed in the donut suit, hassles with his locker. He breaks off his key. Ron appears in the doorway
11) 2) dialog: Rex. It’s me!
11) 4) dialog: I broke off the key in my locker.
11) 9) dialog: Becca. Hey. I didn’t know you were coming over. I didn’t even know you knew where I lived. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
11) 11) dialog: Oh. Funny story. I broke my key--
11) 13) dialog: What? Dylan. My brother Dylan?
11) 15) dialog: My fourteen-year-old brother Dylan? Becca scowls at Ian. Dylan opens the front door Becca. She sends him a big smile and starts off IAN (CONT’D) You know he’s fourteen, right?
11) 18) dialog: It’s my room too. You guys can go downstairs.
11) 22) dialog: What up, Tasty?
11) 24) dialog: Really? Back to cool, flirty cyber-Ian. IAN (CONT’D) Really.
11) 26) dialog: Yeah, whatever. I don’t know. Knoxville’s a long way.
11) 28) dialog: All the way. She wants to go all the way. With me. (HUGE GRIN) She wants to go all the way with me! Cut to a vinyl record dropping on dad’s old turntable. Af a moment of crackling, cue “Da Ya Think I’m Sexy” by Rod Stewart. Ian dances in wild celebration, performing moves that are as sexually suggestive as they are awkward. He sings along. He starts punching Rex’s punching bag, then starts humping it as part of the dance. He freezes when h hears the need scrape off the record. Ian’s dad stands at the turntable. Ian lamely tries to mo the dance into acting casual. He’s out of breath. IAN (CONT’D) Hey, I was just...exercising.
11) 31) dialog: So?
11) 33) dialog: Yeah, okay. Ian takes a whiff, then winces. IAN (CONT’D) Ugh. Are you sure you got the right hole? Dylan looks slightly alarmed and confused. He sniffs it.
12) 0) text: Close on the condom section - several shelves filled with manner of rubbers. Ian nonchalantly breezes by, reading t boxes as he passes. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 23. Further down the aisle, he puts a few items in his basket He breezes by again, tries to stop, too uncomfortable, ke moving. A moment later he returns. A cart is parked betwe Ian and the condoms. A soccer mom drifts down the aisle, away from the cart, leaving her cute-as-a-button two-year girl perched in the cart seat.
13) 0) text: Ian now has a pile of junk in his basket. He gets into th line of a frumpy, middle-aged cashier. Suddenly, another lane is opened by a beautiful, bubbly woman.
13) 2) dialog: Oh, that’s okay. I’11 just--
13) 4) dialog: Oh. Sure. Terry. Wow.
13) 6) dialog: Oh, yeah. I don’t really do that anymore. I just use the ah... Ian nervously eyes the condoms. Horror movie suspense mus builds as she excavates them, item by item. Finally she reaches for the box, but just then:
13) 9) dialog: Definitely. Another employee takes over, a big good-looking skater gu about Ian's age.
13) 11) dialog: Ian. Yeah. Hey, Jordan. Jordan isn't excited to see Ian. He picks up the box of condoms. He cracks up laughing.
14) 0) text: The doors slide open, the laughters escape along with Ian He steps out to find Andy & Randy sitting on the curb out front. A girl passes them on her way into the store.
14) 5) dialog: Can I ask you guys a question?
14) 7) dialog: Okay. Can I ask you another question?
14) 10) dialog: Okay. Where do you guys get the confidence to, you know, like hit on every girl you see? Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 26.
14) 15) dialog: We're just friends.
14) 17) dialog: Yeah, but it was a ‘just-friends’ kind of thing.
14) 24) dialog: Yeah. Sounds fun but I gotta work.
14) 28) dialog: How'd you know that?
14) 30) dialog: Jesus! That was like (checks his watch) eleven minutes ago.
14) 33) dialog: She wants me to meet her tonight at the Shakey’s in Knoxville.
14) 35) dialog: I thought about it. That’s why I bought the... those. (re: rubbers) But, I can’t. I’m grounded.
14) 37) dialog: (re: phone) What are you, on hold?
14) 40) dialog: I had to give Felicia a ride home that night. She was sick, remember? Ian starts flossing nervously.
14) 42) dialog: That I was a pussy?
14) 44) dialog: Lance. She doesn’t want me, okay? She wants him... Ian clicks a button and brings up the doctored photo of himself.
14) 47) dialog: Lance. Let it go. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 30.
14) 49) dialog: Seriously, just forget it. Ms. Tasty’s probably a guy anyway.
14) 51) dialog: She’s pretty, eh?
14) 56) dialog: Rex’1ll never let me take the Judge.
14) 60) dialog: I don’t even have a key, Lance. Lance turns and begins probing the underside of the car a the edges. Just ahead of the rear wheel, he hits paydirt small, black, magnetic box, printed with a Hide-a-Key log He slides the box open, producing the car key. IAN (CONT’D) Lance, no. Didn’t you hear him?
14) 67) dialog: True that.
14) 69) dialog: We're not.
14) 71) dialog: Um...Knoxville, Tennessee. Felicia considers the destination for a moment. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 33.
14) 74) dialog: No she isn’t. She doesn’t even have...one.
14) 76) dialog: Yeah. But, her cousin-- I kinda promised. She’ll be mad.
14) 80) dialog: (stammering) Um...Cancer.
14) 82) dialog: Yeah. My grandma's got some cancer.
14) 84) dialog: No, my other grandma. I’m going to visit her. It’s probably gonna suck. You know, old people stuff. You don’t have to go. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 34.
14) 86) dialog: Oh! No! It’s not like fatal. It’s just, um...foot cancer.
14) 89) dialog: Oh, there’s this really kick ass cancer center there. It’s like famous. If you ever get any cancer (trailing off) you should totally check it out... Ian realizes he blew it and he’s stuck with her. He shrug to Lance, who just shakes his head.
15) 3) dialog: Nothing. There was just a guy going by going all like... She puts the earbud back in. A moment later, she’s hummin again. Ian checks his watch. He speaks quietly to Lance. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 35. IAN (CONT’D) I’m meeting her at eight thirty. If we only stop for gas, we should be able to make that.
15) 5) dialog: What?
15) 7) dialog: (smiles) Feels pretty good. Cue: “Steady At The Wheel” by Shooter Jennings. They pass a “Welcome to Indiana” sign. The country flies Ian effortlessly blows by a camper. Several drivers take notice of the classic muscle car, some even wave or give thumbs up. A hot girl in a convertible smiles. They pass through Indianapolis. Ian leans back, feeling like a bada
15) 11) dialog: Right. But he wears her down until she falls in love with him over a game of putt-putt or something.
15) 14) dialog: That’s the only realistic part.
15) 16) dialog: Oh, really? Your last three boyfriends - All major, supreme dicks. Felicia smiles, she can’t deny it.
15) 20) dialog: Lance! Don’t start shit. You don’t know who’s in there.
15) 22) dialog: Cut it out, man.
15) 27) dialog: So? Fighting’s stupid.
15) 33) dialog: I’m not racing in my brother’s car. The Honda swerves toward them. Ian swerves out of the way IAN (CONT’D) Jesus! What the fuck!? Honda boy heaves a huge Hardee’s cup out the sunroof. It lands on Ian’s side and blankets pink milk-shake across t Judge’s entire windshield. Ian, Lance and Felicia scream they are driving blind. Ian turns on the wipers but they only slosh the shake around. Lance sticks his head out th window, they are about to hit a parked camper.
16) 0) text: Lance is washing the windshield. Ian gives Felicia some cash. He’s bouncing on his heels, desperate to pee.
16) 1) dialog: I really gotta take a whiz. Can you put some gas in?
19) 0) text: Ian stands before a urinal. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 39.
19) 1) dialog: (whispering to himself) Come on, come on, come on. Before anyone comes in. The door kicks open and a huge TRUCKER walks in. Out of t urinals, he picks the one right next to Ian.
19) 3) dialog: Yeah.
21) 0) text: The trucker is still peeing. Ian still isn’t.
22) 0) text: Ian comes outside. Felicia is finishing up pumping the ga She smiles like nothing happened. Lance comes out of the truckstop with his arm around Bran the counter girl, who’s still crying. Ian and Felicia exchange annoyed expressions.
22) 3) dialog: Lance, what are you doing?
22) 5) dialog: No! We're already off the schedule!
23) 0) text: The Judge drives past endless rows of corn. Ian and Felic are pissed. In the back, Lance is making out with Brandy.
23) 2) dialog: This cornfield? The one that’s been going by for the last twenty minutes? Alrighty. No reply as Lance and Brandy fall down, out of sight. EXT. EST. BRANDY’S MOBILE HOME - DAY The run-down trailer sits on a patchy yard in a small tra park. Several toys and car parts litter the ground. INT. BRANDY’S MOBILE HOME - LIVING ROOM The place is nasty. Dark wood panelling, ratty carpet, framed pictures of the Virgin Mary and Brittany Spears. A old obese woman and an older skinny man sit fully recline two ratty recliners. They’re watching “Wheel of Fortune” drinking some off-brand soda. The old man intermittently violently scratches his balls. Ian and Felicia sit togeth uncomfortably on a small, low chest. Lance and Brandy's dirty giggles can be heard through the wall. Felicia whispers in Ian’s ear.
23) 8) dialog: Wow. It actually says, “Purple Soda.” Where do you buy Purple soda? He cracks it open and takes a tentative sip. Yuck. He offers it to Felicia, who waves it off. Ian stands and lo over the items that are stuck to the fridge. A report car is marked with three D’s, an F and a C-. Next to the C- i happy face and the words, “Nice Werk!” IAN (CONT’D) I think she’s got a kid. Felicia points to a picture of Brandy with three kids - e varies in ethnicity.
23) 15) dialog: You like him don’t you?
23) 17) dialog: Lance. You’ve got a thing for him don’t you? Felicia sits up straight like a shot. She couldn’t look m guilty but she makes a weak attempt to cover.
23) 19) dialog: Uh, oh. I think this might be the guy she was bawling about. A moment later, RICK enters through the kitchen screen do He’s a huge burly guy around thirty. He wears a ball cap that reads, “Fun-Time Midways.” He carries a single rose wrapped in pink cellophane. He stops short when he sees I and Felicia.
23) 21) text: Ian and Felicia just stare back, blankly.
23) 31) dialog: There you go. Our bad. Rick pulls on Bandy’s door. It’s locked. He backs up and kicks it open. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 45. He steps in and is immediately knocked back on his ass by Lance bursting out, butt-naked and carrying the headboard that he is still cuffed to. Lance runs out the front door but the headboard bridges across the door-frame, trapping him on the porch but also blocking Rick. Rick punches at him through the bars but can’t reach. Rick grabs the headboard and pulls it back i Lance with it. Lance turns the headboard sideways, smacki Rick. Lance runs out, raising the headboard over his head He runs naked past several mobile homes.
26) 1) dialog: Where the hell’s the road!?
28) 2) dialog: I told you we didn’t have time for this! But all you care about is your dick! (MORE )
28) 4) dialog: You leave us out there with her crazy mom and her ball scratcher dad and their weird soda--
29) 0) text: Back to the aerial view as the Judge and the truck circle Ian breaks right but the truck soon falls into his path.
31) 0) text: Ian backs up and turns left down a perpendicular path tha they had previously trampled. Rick catches up but ends up lost in a dead end of corn. Ian turns hard right. The Judge bursts out of the corn, u the side of the ditch and jumps, landing back on the road Lance and Felicia cheer.
31) 4) dialog: Would you just put some pants on?
31) 6) dialog: No idea. Where’s the Google Maps?
31) 8) dialog: Great! They crest the hill - nothing but farmland and country la A hippy HITCHHIKER (40ish) stands along the road up ahead
31) 11) dialog: Don’t worry. Suddenly, the car sputters and dies. They roll to a stop right next to the hitchhiker. He runs to Lance’s window.
31) 13) dialog: Yeah. Listen, we didn’t actually--
32) 0) text: The Hitchhiker sits in the back seat. Felicia leans again the car, trying her phone. Lance (now in pants) and Ian stand over the open hood, staring blankly at the engine. cows stand just across a fence, watching.
32) 2) dialog: What do I think? I think we know dick about cars. (re: cows) We might as well ask them. (to cows) What do you think fellas? Felicia walks up, holding up her phone.
32) 5) dialog: Yeah well, thanks to you, we don’t have time for that. Ian turns the radiator cap. THOOOP! It explodes out of it coupling, ricocheting off the underside of the hood and t dinging off Ian’s head. He goes down hard.
32) 6) dialog: Aaaahhhhgg! GOD DAMN IT! Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 50. Ian rolls around holding his forehead.
32) 12) dialog: Okay. Go away.
32) 14) dialog: I can’t pee with you standing there.
32) 16) dialog: (whispering to himself) Come on, come on, come on. Okay, good. Here it comes.
32) 18) dialog: Damn it, Lance! Just give me a minute. Cut to Lance and Felicia. After a beat, we hear a subtle stream of peeing just beginning when:
32) 20) dialog: Shit! Would you please shut up and let me do this!? After a moment, the pee restarts. Lance puts a finger to lips, indicating to Felicia to keep quiet. When Ian wraps up, Lance looks into the back seat, where the hitchhiker hunkered down.
32) 37) dialog: Look, I’m sorry. We can’t give you a ride.
32) 39) dialog: You already were out here in the middle of nowhere. Really. I wish I could, but it’s my brother’s car and I can’t take any chances. He leans into Ian’s open window and gives Ian a crazy loo
33) 3) dialog: How can nobody go down a road for an hour and a half? Why did they even make this road? I can’t believe I let you talk me into taking the Judge. Ohhh, what the hell was I thinking?
33) 5) dialog: Oh, right. Relax. My brother's car has hitchhiker piss all over the door and our piss in the radiator and strawberry shake in the vent! What am I supposed to tell Rex, that I accidental drove it through a cornfield!? You know Rex is insane, right? Ian starts walking away.
33) 7) dialog: I’m going for help. I’m not standing around here all day waiting for the hitchhiker piss to eat away the paint.
33) 9) dialog: No, just stay with the car.
34) 0) text: Ian and Felicia walk silently down the road. Ian keeps checking his phone - no bars. Felicia smiles at him. He turns to her. The word HOT is imprinted mirror image in h forehead from the radiator cap. Felicia cracks up. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
34) 6) dialog: Yes. Fuckin’ Lance.
34) 8) dialog: Really? Thanks. She smiles at him; then she notices something down the ro
34) 10) dialog: Whoa. They squint with curiosity and move toward whatever it is
36) 0) text: Felicia and Ian smile in awe as they arrive at a massive alongside the road. It is covered with shoes of every sha size and color, each dangling by its laces. It’s an oddly breathtaking sight in the setting sun.
36) 1) dialog: Wow. Cool.
36) 3) dialog: No. Bad idea. You don’t know how far we have to walk. Seriously, you’re going to regret this... She flings her shoes into the tree. IAN (CONT’D) I can’t believe you just did that.
36) 5) dialog: No way.
36) 7) dialog: Hey, I’m driving halfway across the country just to-- um.
36) 9) dialog: I’d rather remember having really good arch support. She smiles at him, still encouraging him to do it. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 57. IAN (CONT’D) No. You know what’s gonna happen? You're gonna cut your foot open on a broken bottle or something and then I’1l have to rush you to the emergency room where you'll get seventeen stitches and a staph infection. Then you’re dead. But it was worth it because your shoes are in a tree.
37) 0) text: Ian and Ezekiel ride in the buggy, which is towing the Ju
38) 0) text: Ian and Felicia are walking away from the tree. A truck i coming! Ian steps into the road and waves his arms. The truck slows down and stops a hundred feet past them. They run for it.
38) 1) dialog: Hey! Thanks! We were just-- The hitchhiker leans out the passenger window and gives t double fingers.
38) 3) dialog: Shiiiiiiit! As the dust settles, Ian and Felicia hear horses hooves behind them. They turn to see Ezekiel and Lance clopping toward them, towing the judge. As they near, we hear Ezek continuing his list of what he misses.
39) 0) text: Ian appears before Tasty but this time he’s fuzzy and crackling - his signal is not so strong.
39) 2) dialog: Yeah. I don’t think I’m gonna make it tonight. I’m making a little pit stop to party with some friends I made along the way.
39) 4) dialog: Come on, don’t hassle it. I’11l be there tomorrow. Let’s say six - the same Shakey’s? Trust me - I’m worth the wait. Now, I gotta go, I’m losing my signal.
39) 6) dialog: Peace. Ian crackles and fades out.
40) 0) text: Ian puts his phone back in his pocket and walks over to Lance, Felicia, Ezekiel and the Judge. A bunch of Amish k are working on a few lesser muscle cars. Some dress like secular kids; some wear traditional Amish clothes. They a all excited to see the Judge. JEREMIAH, a young Rumspring kid, pulls the oil dipstick out and shows it to Ian.
40) 2) dialog: Shit.
40) 4) dialog: Really? Oh, man. Thanks!
41) 0) text: Ian, Lance and Felicia walk up to the barn.
41) 1) dialog: Something tells me this party is gonna suck.
42) 4) dialog: This is insane! The band slows down and plays the acoustic version of “Everlong.” Lance looks around, taking it all in. Suddenl he’s thunderstruck by the sight of the hottest girl ever Amish. She and her friends enter the barn in slow motion. She’s dressed English but she has the kind of natural, ma up-free beauty that would make most women want to punch h in the head. Lance is smitten. Felicia takes discontented notice of this. Ian takes his own discontented notice of Felicia’s reaction. Lance crosses to her. TIan and Felicia watch as Lance fearlessly launches his opening line. The girl smiles, sa one thing to him and then turns back to the band. Lance timidly makes his way back to Ian and Felicia. IAN (CONT’D) Did you even get her name?
42) 6) dialog: I’m gonna go check on the car. Ian walks out.
43) 0) text: Ian enters. The Judge is now in pieces all over the floor the barn. Ezekiel, Jeremiah and three other guys sift through the parts. Ian starts to freak out.
43) 1) dialog: Holy shit! Holy shit, you guys! What the hell!? Why are the seats out!? Oh, I’m dead. I’m a dead man. My brother’s going to lop my nuts off! Jesus Christ!
43) 4) dialog: Are you shitting me!?
44) 0) text: Ian stomps in, looking for his friends. He spots them slo dancing together. This bothers him more than he would hav guessed. He looks away but can’t help but torture himself watching them dance. Lance says something that makes Feli laugh. She lays her head on his chest and smiles.
45) 0) text: Felicia Ian sits on a hay bail, depressed, alone and nursing his beer. Felicia sits down next to him, looking equally sad.
45) 2) dialog: I’m going to be ritually murdered. And I deserve it. You know what? Here’s a little tip to take with you. If you ever have car trouble - don’t go to the Amish. You want a barn raised, or Foo Fighters to play a show out in the middle of fucking nowhere, apparently the Amish are your hook-up. But car repair - not so much. Ian turns to her. She looks possibly more upset than he. IAN (CONT’D) What? What’s wrong with you?
45) 4) dialog: Lance, right? He’s in there with that Amish girl and you're...
45) 6) dialog: Leesh, why don’t you just drop the hard ass thing for once. It’s okay. You're into Lance.
45) 8) dialog: You’re not an idiot. People like Lance. I like Lance. Ian offers a cautious hug that is at first awkward, but Felicia’s guard comes down and she cries on his shoulder.
45) 10) dialog: Dude, what’s wrong with us? There’s a kick ass Amish hash bash going on twenty feet away. Come on. Let’s go have some fun.
45) 12) dialog: I bet they have crack in there. Would you like some Amish crack? Would that make you feel better? I’m sure the donkey show is coming up. I bet if you’re good, they’1l let you have sex with it. Doesn't that sound nice? Donkey love? Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
46) 0) text: Ian and Felicia are dancing and laughing and getting wast Montage through the night as they down more and more drin and get crazy with the Amish. At one point Ian even stage dives and gets body-passed over the crowd. Meanwhile, Lan and MARY, the Amish beauty, dance and hang out together. FADE TO BLACK.
47) 0) text: POV - from the back seat: Ian is driving alone, looking surly as he sails past the other cars on the highway. Ian lifts a messy burger to hi face. Ketchup, mustard and mayo drip on to the seats. He takes a huge gulp off his soda and tosses the half-full c into the back seat. Ian picks his nose and rubs it on the ceiling of the car. holds up a gay porn mag, letting the centerfold unfurl. H looks at the sexy naked man, unaware that railroad gates lowering ahead. Ian turns and looks straight into the camera, laughing maniacally. The train starts crossing. A the split second that we’re about to hit the train... Rex (in bed) sits up hard, waking from this NIGHTMARE in
48) 2) dialog: 
49) 0) text: The open field is filled with cars and campers. Kids slee everywhere - in the vehicles, in the barn and right on th ground. Ian wakes to find that he’s lying in the bed of a pick-up truck. Lance is sprawled out in the cab. Ian sits up and rubs his pounding head. Felicia is limping toward him, still barefoot, a pained expression on her face. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 66.
49) 1) dialog: Ugh. My head hurts. But my feet feel spectacular. So, cozy. Like they’re wrapped in baby bunnies.
49) 3) dialog: Leesh, you were dancing barefoot for like four hours last night. Look at your feet.
49) 5) dialog: Fine, you're tough but your big toe looks like Yoda’s nuts. He’s got five, you know. Lance sits up in the cab, groggy and rubbing his messy ha He leans through the open back window.
49) 7) dialog: I might as well call Rex so he can get on with killing me.
49) 10) dialog: I do wanna...you know - ‘visit grandma’ but Rex is gonna kill me.
49) 12) dialog: Lance, what am I supposed to do? Our transportation is all over the floor of that barn. VROOOOOM!!! They all turn to see the Judge pulling out of the barn. It’s more powerful and tuned than ever. The Ami grease monkeys look spent but triumphant. Ezekiel jumps o of the Judge. IAN (CONT’D) Dude. You fixed it?
49) 14) dialog: Really? That’s amazing.
49) 26) dialog: So you guys were up all night? I don’t know what to say. I don’t really have a lot of money.
49) 28) dialog: Wow. Thank you.
49) 30) dialog: Ooohh. We’re kind of behind schedule, but can we hit you on our way back through?
49) 32) dialog: But we’re good? Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 69.
49) 34) dialog: I mean it. We’ll come back. I promise.
49) 36) dialog: No, seriously. We will.
50) 0) text: Ian drives down the highway. Felicia rides shotgun. Lance sits in back, looking depressed.
50) 6) dialog: Cool. I got a signal. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 70. He squints at the screen. It reads, “22 NEW MESSAGES.” IAN (CONT’D) Oh, shit. Ian calls his voice-mail. We hear what he’s listening to:
50) 8) dialog: 
50) 24) dialog: Rex. He knows I took his car. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 71.
50) 26) dialog: I don’t think so. Ian’s phone rings.
50) 28) dialog: Oh, shit. I’m so dead.
50) 30) dialog: We don’t have time for corn dogs.
51) 0) text: Ian and Lance sit at a picnic table. Lance has his head i his hands. A group of hot girls go by.
51) 1) dialog: Can you believe the girls around here? Lance doesn’t even react. IAN (CONT’D) Lance. You gotta pull it together. I need your help to get this thing done. You're no good to me if you’re acting like...me.
51) 5) dialog: What about Felicia?
51) 7) dialog: Dude. She’s into you.
51) 9) dialog: You know? So? What is she - not good enough?
51) 11) dialog: What? No. We’re just friends.
51) 13) dialog: Seriously. We grew up together. I don’t...like, like her.
51) 15) dialog: Well, she’s not into me anyway.
51) 17) dialog: Yeah. Well, I mean, except we have this pledge that if we’re both not married when we’re thirty...it’s actually kind of cute, we just-- Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 73.
51) 19) dialog: I know. But sometimes she--
51) 22) dialog: (shaking it off) Yeah. Well, what do I care, right? I got Ms. Tasty to look forward to.
52) 0) text: Ian, Lance and Felicia walk though the midway. Felicia points to a carnival game. It’s a short rope ladder at a slight incline. Everyone who tries to scale it, flips the ladder over, landing in a pile of hay.
52) 1) dialog: You think I can do it?
52) 3) dialog: We had one of these at Boy Scout camp. I kinda mastered it. Ian hands the lollypop to Felicia. She smiles and glows until a gorgeous teen girl steps up to Ian. MANDY wears a skin tight shirt and a short red skirt.
52) 5) dialog: Just hold all your weight on your left hand and your right foot. She holds her shaky position, her skirt is so short that, she bends, her thong is exposed. Ian gulps. IAN (CONT’D) Now shift both at the same time. She takes a step, wobbles, flips over and lands on her ba She smiles at Ian, who helps her up. Felicia is annoyed.
52) 7) dialog: Ian. (big smile)
53) 0) text: A stage is set up at one end; hundreds of people sit in folding chairs facing it. Ian, Felicia and Lance take sea (in that order) in the front row. Felicia checks her watc
53) 15) dialog: Um, Ian. Ian Lafferty.
53) 17) dialog: Um... I don’t know. What are we-- Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
53) 25) dialog: (baffled) Uh... I, I don’t... Uh...
53) 28) dialog: Eighteen.
53) 30) dialog: What? Um...
53) 32) dialog: No.
53) 38) text: The girls start dancing around him. Ian’s head is spinnin BAM! With a blast of light and sound - silence. A single spotlight hits them.
53) 39) dialog: (sotto to Tad) Pledge what? Tad leans in and speaks off the mic.
53) 42) dialog: Um... Okay. I guess I pledge. Lance throws up his hands in disgust. The crowd goes wild
54) 0) text: Ian exits through a flap at the back of the tent, looking shell-shocked. Lance and Felicia sprint around the outsid of the tent, laughing.
54) 2) dialog: I did not!
54) 4) dialog: I didn’t even know what he was talking about! That doesn’t count, does it? Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
54) 8) dialog: Jesus! Get away from what you do here? Go with geeks like me so them into your little club?
54) 11) dialog: Just go away. Lance steps up and puts a supportive hand on Ian’s should Mandy steps away, then stops and turns to glare at Ian.
55) 0) text: Lance drives. Ian sits with Felicia in the back seat. He holds a cloth to her mouth with one hand and works his ph with the other, looking for a dental listing.
55) 1) dialog: There’s a dentist at the next exit.
55) 4) dialog: No. God. This is all my fault.
55) 6) dialog: Yeah, well...try not bleed on the seat. Rex is gonna kill me enough. EXT. IAN’S STREET - DAY Ian’s neighborhood is peaceful and deserted. The chirps o song birds are gradually drowned out by A HIGH PITCHED BU Rex speeds down the street on a dirtbike. As he nears his house, he locks up the brakes. Before the bike stops, he coolly steps off, letting it ghost ride for a few yards before it lays down, spinning and sparking to a stop. Rex runs up to the garage and pulls it up manually. Befor it clears his eyes, he takes a deep, hopeful breath. He opens it the rest of the way. No Judge.
55) 11) text: Rex pitches a tantrum for the ages. He violently shakes t garage door, tearing it off it’s rails. It lowers enough him to start kicking it. He breaks it. He reaches inside and pulls out Ian’s bike and starts slamming it against t driveway. Once out of steam, he stomps down the driveway across the street. As he crosses, he holds up a “halt” hand. Offscreen we he a car go into a shrieking skid. Rex is unfazed as he marc up Felicia’s driveway. The car rolls by behind him. Rex arrives on Felicia’s porch. He rings the bell and seethes and swears under his breath while he waits. Felicia’s mother opens the door. His face instantly transitions to sweet and neighborly. She smiles back. FELICIA’S MOTHER Why, hello Rex. How are things?
56) 0) text: The Judge pulls into the lot. Ian opens his door, he gets out and pulls the seat up for Felicia. She steps out and starts limping toward the office. Ian picks her up.
56) 2) dialog: Shut up. You’re so stubborn. He carries her across the parking lot in slow motion. She relents and settles in. An old woman who is exiting smile and holds the door for them. TIan carries Felicia in.
57) 0) text: This is a po-dunk dental office in rural Kentucky. Severa paintings of clowns adorn the walls. A magazine rack features People, Us, Oprah and Guns & Ammo. Felicia sits a chair, holding her mouth with one hand and toweling off feet with the other. Ian stands at reception, rattling of text message while he waits: “Tasty. Running a little behind. Need a couple more hours Better make it 8pm. C-U-Soon. - IAN.” A half-awake receptionist with very bad teeth, returns to hand Ian some forms. She speaks in a thick southern accen
57) 2) dialog: Um. Yeah.
57) 5) dialog: No, come on. I love that you did that. That’s premium Felicia. She smiles, then tries to fill in her name on a form but hand shakes. Ian sets his phone down on the coffee table takes the clipboard. He starts to fill the forms for her. IAN (CONT’D) You want me to put your dad's address down too?
57) 7) dialog: I know. Four twenty one, Twin Oaks, Rockford, six one one oh (thinks for a beat) seven. Felicia smiles. IAN (CONT’D) And you're allergic to amoxicillin but nothing else, right? She nods. Push in on Felicia’s face as she realizes that this is the one person who truly knows everything about h Ian is oblivious to the moment she is having. IAN (CONT’D) I think the only things you would check in the list is Migraine Headaches (she nods) and the Herpes, of course. She laughs and slugs him playfully in the arm.
57) 9) dialog: What?
57) 11) dialog: No. I didn’t, I--
58) 0) text: Felicia sits in the dental chair. Ian sits in a chair nearby. Dr. Jasper is just finishing giving her a shot.
58) 3) dialog: Hmmm. Um...Was I there? Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 85.
58) 5) dialog: Totally. Friendship is... awesome. Yeah. Friendship. Good call.
58) 7) dialog: You won't.
58) 9) dialog: Oh. Um. You got a little...loogie.
58) 11) dialog: You know what? I’11 just be out there. Yeah. Good. Okay.
59) 0) text: The office is in a small strip mall next to a gas station convenience store. Ian comes out of the convenience store with a bag of stuff. He crosses to the Judge. The passenger door is open. Lance sits in the passenger s with his feet on the ground and his head in his hands. Ia arrives with a smile and a spring in his step.
59) 2) dialog: I’m thinking maybe we head back.
59) 4) dialog: Well, Felicia and I were just talking in there and, I don’t know, We kinda had a moment.
59) 6) dialog: No. We were really connecting in there and she...
59) 8) dialog: What if you’re wrong?
59) 10) dialog: Whatever, Lance. I’m gonna text Tasty and tell her I’m not coming. Ian reaches into his pockets. No phone. Just then, Felici emerges from the office. She stops to check her fixed too in her reflection in the window. She then marches out to Judge. She tosses Ian his phone.
59) 11) dialog: Oh, good. You had it. Here, I got you something. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 87. He hands Felicia the bag. She takes it but doesn’t bother look inside.
60) 2) dialog: We're going home.
61) 2) dialog: So you snooped around in my phone. That’s a total violation.
61) 6) dialog: Okay, I’m sorry. I was embarrassed and I knew you’d make fun of me. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 88.
61) 12) dialog: Look, I said we’re going home.
61) 16) dialog: Fine! You don’t think I’1l do it!? I’ll fuckin’ do it! I’11 turn this car around and go pork that girl right now! Is that what you want?
61) 20) dialog: (trying to be tough) It’s gonna be ridiculous how much I win because I’m driving faster than he is. The cars race neck and neck. Ian’s speedometer creeps up. Ian must fall back to pass a slower car in the right lane He tries to pass the Honda but it weaves back and forth, letting him in. He finally gets an opening and tucks in. They are again neck and neck. Ian starts to pull away. IAN (CONT’D) Yeah, that’s right, fucker. The Honda slows down, letting Ian blast away.
61) 23) dialog: Oh, no! Oh, no!
62) 0) text: The Judge screeches to a halt. Ian leaps out and runs bac looking around frantically. Felicia gets out and follows. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 90. Cars and trucks occasionally woosh by. Ian finds the anim on the shoulder. He drops to his knees, his eyes tearing
62) 1) dialog: God damn it. What were you doing? Oh, shit man. Shit. Felicia sits down nearby, watching Ian’s emotional respon He’s genuinely a wreck over what he has done. Push in on Felicia as her heart goes out to him. She tears up.
62) 3) dialog: Just shut up, okay!? Of course it’s my fault!
62) 5) dialog: He’s not dead, Lance! I’m not just gonna leave him out here suffering all by himself.
62) 7) dialog: Don’t fuckin’ touch him!
62) 9) dialog: Fuck you! You don’t give a shit about him! Ian grabs the tire iron, returns to the animal and kneels before it, raising the tool over his head. His hand shake Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca gl.
62) 10) dialog: I’m sorry. Ian hits it hard, stands, and walks away with his face in hand. After a beat:
62) 12) dialog: Jesus! Ian drags himself back and swings again.
62) 14) dialog: God damn it! I’m trying to help you out, here! Why won’t you just die, for fucks sake!? He raises the tire iron once more but stops as he notices cop standing in front of him.
63) 0) text: Ian and Lance are being led down the hall by the cop.
63) 1) dialog: I swear I didn’t know it was an endangered species.
64) 2) text: The benches are occupied by six other captives who await or arraignment. Ian is scared shitless and it shows.
64) 8) dialog: Yo! Back that shit up, bitch! WHAP!!! The guy lays Ian out.
64) 10) dialog: (from the floor) Ten after six.
64) 12) dialog: Don’t mention it. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
65) 0) text: Ian checks his watch.
65) 1) dialog: Well, It’s over. No Ms. Tasty, Felicia hates me, got a nice beat down coming from Rex. Good trip. Ian sighs hard as he steps over to the toilet. expression is distant and haggard but also slightly more mature. He starts to pee. Lance looks over, surprised.
65) 3) dialog: What?
65) 5) dialog: Hey, I am. I’m just standing here takin’ a whiz. Like it’s nothing.
65) 9) dialog: No I’m not.
65) 12) dialog: Well, that’s out. I was supposed to meet her three hours ago.
66) 0) text: A cop opens the cell door. CoP #1 Ian Lafferty, Lance Nesbitt? Your bail’s been posted.
66) 1) dialog: Shit.
66) 3) dialog: Rex. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 96. Ian and Lance stand and reluctantly exit.
67) 0) text: Felicia is being led out of the women’s cell down the hal They meet in the middle. Felicia and Ian have calmed down and they exchange humbled smiles. They all turn to see MA signing forms at the desk. She’s still dressed Amish. Lan lights up like a kid on Christmas morning.
68) 0) text: Ms. Tasty stands talking to some other guy with a cool ca Ian appears. She turns to glare at him.
68) 1) dialog: Hey.
68) 3) dialog: Tasty, just hear me out. A suspicious stance but doesn’t wave him off. IAN (CONT’D) I got arrested. I’ve been on lock- down for the last four hours.
68) 5) dialog: Um...Street racing?
68) 7) dialog: Yeah. No helmet. Open intoxicants - dangerous. But I’m out now.
68) 9) dialog: I swear, I’m just about an hour away. You want me to turn around? She considers this for a moment.
69) 0) text: Ian leans against the Judge, wrapping up his texting sess Lance, Felicia and Mary are walking toward him.
69) 2) dialog: We’re going to Knoxville. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 98.
70) 0) text: Ian and Felicia sit in the front, silent and far apart. Lance and Mary are in back, snuggling like the love struc teens they are. They pass a sign that reads, “Knoxville 1 mi.” Ian checks his watch. Felicia quietly reaches down for the bag that Ian had giv her. She checks that he’s not looking. She peeks inside. It’s a pair of flip-flops with little daisies on them. He feet are still bare. She gets glassy-eyed. Ian looks over Felicia looks away. She is clearly moved by the gift. EXT. EST. HARLAN’S FANTASY INN - NIGHT An old single level motel has been converted into “fantas rooms. The sign reads, “22 Romantic Fantasy Theme Rooms t Choose From!” It’s right across the street from the Shakey’s. The Judge is parked in front of a room. INT. HARLAN’S FANTASY INN - THE “BLAZE” ROOM The walls are painted with flames. The room is decorated with firefighter memorabilia including hoses, axes, helme and a life-size cardboard cut-out of a sexy shirtless fireman. There’s a thick brass pole in one corner. The be looks like a wide fire engine. The clock on the wall read ten minutes to eleven. Ian is brushing his teeth and getting ready to go. Felici sits on the bed, watching TV. She’s wearing the flip-flop Ian bought for her. Ian takes one more look in the mirror He’s unsure of himself.
70) 2) dialog: Thanks. He puts on his jacket and steps to the door. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 99.
70) 4) dialog: That’s why I’m still a virgin.
70) 6) dialog: It’s not about the sex. I’m weird. I’m the only virgin I know. I gotta get this done so everyone can stop freaking out about it. I know you don’t approve but I’m sorry, I’m not going home a virgin. He turns to exit.
70) 8) dialog: What? Felicia downplays; this is not a sexy offer.
70) 10) dialog: Wow. I’d rather stay a virgin than lose it on pity-sex.
70) 12) dialog: Then what are you talking about?
70) 14) dialog: You know what, Felicia? Fuck the friendship. I’m sorry, but I can’t be the guy you talk to about your boyfriends anymore. I can’t be the guy you cry to when they hurt you. And I won’t be your back-up plan. Maybe I’m just selfish but it’s not enough. Now, I’m gonna go have meaningless sex with some random chick I met on the internet, unless you got something to say to me. Felicia gets up and heads out the door. She stops and tri to find the right words. After a beat, she gives up and walks out, slamming the door behind her.
70) 15) dialog: That’s what I thought. Ian plops down on the bed, considering what he’s done. He looks at the clock. Three minutes to eleven. He takes a deep breath, stands and walks to the door. He takes anoth beat to decide. He opens the door, revealing REX! He’s removing a motorcy helmet. A dirtbike is on its side, still spinning in the parking lot. Rex pushes Ian back into the room. Ian falls backwards onto the bed. Rex flings his helmet at Ian. IAN (CONT’D) Rex. What are you doing here?
70) 17) dialog: Rex, wait! The girl - the one I told you about. She’s right across the street! She wants to do it with me and everything! Rex throws Ian into the dresser, shattering a lamp.
70) 21) dialog: You know - feelings, curiosities...about men. Ian motions to the Firefighter cut-out.
70) 23) dialog: Just lately, you know? I think you were right, Rex. I think I might be getting gay. Rex picks Ian up by the shirt. IAN (CONT’D) I don’t have any luck with girls. Maybe it’s a sign.
71) 0) text: Ian jumps in the car. He checks his watch - 10:59. 101. starts it up and races across the street. He slowly pulls into the lot, looking all around for Tasty. No sign of he Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 102. He does spot a CREEPY old fat guy, standing in the parkin lot, watching him drive in. The guy waves to Ian.
71) 2) dialog: So, you’re Ms. Tasty?
71) 5) dialog: Yeah. Look at me.
71) 7) dialog: Yeah. I, um, lost some weight ‘cause I had the runs-- The flu. And I went to get my haircut and--
71) 9) dialog: Oh. Good. What do you wanna do?
71) 11) dialog: So, Ms. Tasty. What’s your real name?
72) 0) text: Ian and Tasty lie on the grass, next to the Judge. They l up at the stars, using the foam Donut costume as a pillow
72) 1) dialog: I don’t get it. Why would a girl like you be meeting people on the internet? I mean, you could have any guy you wanted.
72) 5) dialog: Really? She sits up and removes her shirt, revealing her terrifyi perfect breasts. In the car, Felicia glances down at her own flatter chest Ian sits up, facing Tasty. He maintains hard, deliberate contact. She giggles.
72) 7) dialog: Wait. Listen, I, um...I have to confess something. She stops and looks at him. IAN (CONT’D) I don’t play football. This makes Felicia smile and Tasty laugh.
72) 9) dialog: No, seriously. I don’t even really watch football. (MORE )
72) 11) dialog: I got all that stuff from Friday Night Lights. I’m not even in college yet.
72) 13) dialog: Wait. There’s something else. Okay, there’s this girl and we--
72) 15) dialog: Well, no. The thing is. I think I might be in love with her... Tasty sits back down in the grass and releases an annoyed sigh. Felicia is now tearing up through a giddy smile. IAN (CONT’D) ..-and I know it’s stupid, right? She probably won’t ever even--
72) 17) dialog: I’m sorry.
73) 0) text: Bobby Jo climbs behind the wheel of the Judge. Tasty carr Ian’s clothes into the passenger side. She slams the door and calls back to Ian, who now stands naked, balls-in-han Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 106.
73) 2) dialog: Please, no! It’s not even my car!
73) 4) dialog: Felicia! Oh, shit! Oh, shit!
75) 0) text: Bobby Jo is about to pull away when he hears a beeping so He looks around, then rifles through Ian’s clothes. He pu out Ian’s phone. A text message is flashing: “Ian! I’m in the back seat! Help!” Bobby Jo looks over the seat to see Felicia lying on the floor. She gives him a sheepish wave
75) 24) dialog: Take your hands off her! Bobby Jo looks around. Nobody. Sefior Donut diving through the air. hands. Ian crashes into him. He turns just in time to see Bobby Jo raises his The gun falls, bounces off the pavement and discharges, taking out Andy & Randy’s windshield. They bail out. Everyone Bobby Jo looks up to see that the gun Ian is struggling to bend down for it. it but Ian beats him to it and levels hits the deck. is now at Ian’s feet. Bobby Jo goes after the gun at Bobby Jo. IAN (CONT’D) (working the mouth) Everybody get back! Get back, man! Bobby Jo stands and backs up. IAN (CONT’D) (working the mouth) Okay! Good! Everybody just be cool! Tasty! Get over there!
75) 26) dialog: (working the mouth) I don’t care! Felicia, are you okay!? Felicia nods. A phone rings. Jo's shirt pocket is glowing. Everyone looks around. Bobby
75) 27) dialog: My phone! Answer it! Now!
75) 32) dialog: Is that Ron?
75) 35) dialog: Ron, I’1l be in on Tuesday.
75) 37) dialog: (working the mouth again) I’m fired? I’m the best employee you got! I stay late all the time, I cover for you when you have your D & D tournaments, I’m the only one who knows how to fix the register spool! Fuck you! I dare you to fire me! Rex and Lance exchange a glance - they’re impressed.
75) 39) dialog: Hang it up! (Bobby Jo does) Okay! Here’s what’s gonna happen! Rex! You're gonna get the Judge outta here! Rick! You can punch Lance but just once.
75) 41) dialog: You nailed his girlfriend!
75) 44) dialog: Now get in your truck and get out of here!
75) 46) dialog: Give him his fuckin’ keys! Bobby Jo walks toward Ian.
75) 49) dialog: Stop! I’m serious!
75) 52) dialog: I‘1l shoot you in the leg!
75) 55) dialog: Jesus, man! What do I gotta do? Suddenly, a squad car slides sideways into the parking lo Mary is in the back seat. Another squad car pulls in behi it. Ms. Tasty makes a break for it. She passes Andy & Randy. Andy trips her and she eats shit. A tall, thin cop grabs her and handcuffs her. A fat, dim cop leaps out of the first car, pumps his rifl and aims it over his hood at Ian.
75) 57) dialog: I can’t move the other arm!
75) 59) dialog: (working the mouth) I can’t move the other arm! His partner covers everyone else as the fat cop cautiousl crosses toward Ian. When he reaches him, he whips out a s gun and zaps Ian but he’s protected by the foam donut. IAN (CONT’D) (working the mouth) Okay! I’m not resisting! The cop zaps him again, then sprays pepper spray into the plastic eyes on top. It splashes back at the cop, who cov his eyes and falls backward. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 114.
75) 74) dialog: What were you doing in the back seat?
75) 76) dialog: You don’t know. Jesus. Why can’t you just say it?
75) 78) dialog: Fine. You love me.
76) 0) text: Ian, Rex, Lance and Felicia are milking cows. Rex is gros out. They are all filthy and sweaty. They look like they' been at it a while. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 116. VROOOM!! They look over to see the Judge being rolled out the barn. The side damage is as good as new and now there are flames on the side. Rex stands, very pleased. They all run to the car. Ezekiel climbs out and pulls off some extra masking tape around the moulding.
77) 0) text: Ian and Felicia are in the Judge. Rex kick starts his dirtbike.
77) 2) dialog: Dude, we gotta go.
77) 4) dialog: What are you talking about?
77) 10) dialog: Yeah. A wide shot reveals that we are along a:
78) 0) text: Ian tosses his shoes into the shoe tree. Felicia cheers. They stand and look for a moment more, then walk to the c barefooted. Felicia is fine but Ian is tip-towing and wincing as his tender feet feel every pebble.
79) 0) text: The Judge rolls down the road. Felicia snuggles up to Ian the front seat. They look deeply contented.
79) 1) dialog: A few weeks later, I was Felicia’s date to Tiffany’s wedding. This time it wasn’t a just-friends thing. Cutaway to Ian and Felicia dancing together at the weddin He kisses her. IAN (V.O.) (CONT’D) Tiffany was right, Felicia did ruin all the pictures. Cutaway to a photo of the wedding party. Zoom in on Felic She is smiling but her hand is subtly giving the finger. IAN (V.O.) (CONT’D) That night, Felicia and I finally ‘visited grandma.’ Cutaway to Ian’s basement. Felicia’s yellow dress is on t floor. They lie together, winded and sweaty, on the old couch. After a beat, she pulls Ian back on top of her. IAN (V.O.) (CONT’D) ...Twice. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 118. Track past them and up the stairs. Rex stands at the top. He lights a pack of firecrackers, tosses them down the st and laughs his ass off as they pop off. IAN (V.O.) (CONT’D) Rex did make my life hell for a while. But two years later he finally came out to the family. Cutaway to thanksgiving dinner. Rex stands and makes a tearful announcement. His mother cries; his father upends the turkey and storms out. IAN (V.O.) (CONT’D) My parents got used to the idea. And Rex is a actually a pretty great guy these days. Now he only uses the word ‘faggot’ during sex. Cutaway to Christmas dinner. Now Rex happily sits next to handsome man. Mom and Dad smile and hand them a gift. Rex and his boyfriend delight as they unwrap a juicer. IAN (V.O.) (CONT’D) Let’s see. What else. Oh, my dad made Dylan take my old job. Cutaway to Dylan, working the counter at Senor Donut. Ron smelling his finger with great interest. IAN (V.O.) (CONT’D) Andy & Randy finally got a girlfriend. Cutaway to Andy and Randy with their arms around a slight heavy young girl. They are gushing with pride. IAN (V.O.) (CONT’D) ..-and as for Lance’s new simpler life among the Amish... We return to where we left off, as Ian and Felicia drive in the Judge. TIan’s phone rings. He answers. IAN (CONT’D) (into the phone) Hello?... What do you mean it’s not working out? You’ve been Amish for forty five minutes! The Judge turns around and drives back the other way. FADE OUT. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 119.