1) 0) text: Now some of Ms. Tasty’s MySpace bio stats float in the ai next to her: "MsTasty, 5' 5" / Age:20 / Home: Knoxville, Here For: Friends / Occupation: College Student / Interes Cars, Bikes, Music, Horses, Football and Mad Partying!!!" materializes next to her, now with the cool facial hair a leaning against the car. Before Tasty even turns to see h LANCE materializes out of thin air, landing between them. Lance is eighteen, good looking, built and dressed cool.
1) 1) dialog: Ian? Dude. What’s with this picture!? Holy shit, that’s funny! Next to Lance, FELICIA materializes. Also eighteen, she’s petit, pretty girl with her own unique, artsy look and a definite edge on her attitude.
1) 6) dialog: Your hot cousin?
1) 13) dialog: Dude, you working tom-- Ian waves a hand at Lance and Felicia. They each disappea with a click. Finally Ian can see Ms. Tasty again.
1) 45) dialog: Actually, she doesn’t. Ever. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca LANCE’S FATHER Well, in any case, take my advice, chief, never get married. Just an endless parade of nonsense. And for god's sake always wear a rubber. Jesus H. Lance walks out, taking the comment personally. LANCE’S FATHER (CONT’D) Oh, come on, pal, I didn’t mean it that way!
9) 10) dialog: Damn. Tough day for donut boy.
9) 15) dialog: Ian, why you gotta do that - work the mouth when you talk to us?
9) 18) dialog: So, how’s it going with that chick at work?
9) 23) dialog: Looks like Satan got new titties.
10) 19) dialog: So, this Becca chick - you been doing like I told you? Being a dick? Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca +e % + eH 17.
10) 21) dialog: She made you wear the costume again, didn’t she? (off Ian’s lack of reply) See? Your nice guy thing works for shit. If you’da told her to fuck off, she’d be two knuckles deep, day-dreaming about your bone right now. A woman with two little kids, glares at them.
10) 23) dialog: I’m just sayin’, if you ever want to get laid, you’re going to have to quit worrying about what chicks think of you. Look at Andy and Randy over there. Those guys could give a fuck. Two awkward, dim-faced, badly dressed teenage boys stand outside an arcade. Oblivious to their own lack of appeal, every girl that passes gets hit on.
10) 25) dialog: For real. But pay attention. A pretty, fresh-faced girl is carrying a box marked, “Hol Cross Children’s Fund.” She approaches ANDY & RANDY.
10) 37) dialog: That’s because they don’t know how to close. But their ability to open is god damned heroic. Absolutely no fear of rejection. Andy and Randy keep up the pressure, following her away.
14) 27) dialog: Dude! What is going on with you? You bought rubbers!? Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 28.
14) 29) dialog: It’s on Russ Miller's blog. QUICK INSERT: A screenshot of a blog called Miller’s High Life - decorated with pot leaves. Top story says, “Ian Lafferty Wastes Money on Jimmies!” The story features the phone photo of Ian, holding the box of condoms.
14) 31) dialog: So, what the F!? INT. IAN’S BEDROOM - MOMENTS LATER Close on the photo of Ms. Tasty. Lance’s gaping mouth is reflected on the screen next to her picture.
14) 32) dialog: Duuuuude. This chick? For reals?
14) 34) dialog: So, why isn’t your ass on it’s way to Tennessee right now?
14) 36) dialog: Grounded? What are you, nine?
14) 38) dialog: No. Robbie Dibbitz called me accidentally. I can hear him talking to somebody. I wanna hear if he shit-talks me. Ian gives an incredulous look that has no effect on Lance Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 29.
14) 39) dialog: Oh my God, Ian. Do you remember what I said when you blew your chance to rack up some clutch experience with a very shit-faced Lindsay McKay?
14) 41) dialog: And what did I say?
14) 43) dialog: A raging pussy. And I said, “What do you want, a written invitation?” Guess what dipshit - this IS a written invitation! So kick it in the ass, G! Lance removes the condoms and maps from the trash.
14) 45) dialog: Ohhhh. That’s what that picture was all about. Lance lets out a short burst of laughter before catching himself. Ian walks out. INT. IAN’S HOUSE - KITCHEN Ian comes downstairs into the kitchen. Lance follows.
14) 46) dialog: Ian! It’s not that bad. You look like that picture...more or less.
14) 48) dialog: Dude, I’ve been trying to get you laid every summer since my dad moved here. Now, sack-up, bro.
14) 50) dialog: Maybe. But what if she’s not? Ian cracks a smile.
14) 52) dialog: Pretty? Yeah. Pretty fuckin’ hot. Lance hears something in the phone he doesn’t like.
14) 53) dialog: That motherfucker. (yelling into his phone) I heard that Robbie, you backstabbin’ prick! Lance hangs up. After a beat, he’s right back on task.
14) 54) dialog: Dude, come on! You already opened. I can help you close. We just need one thing... INT. IAN’S HOUSE - GARAGE Ian and Lance stare at the Judge. It sparkles and shines.
14) 55) dialog: You roll up in this fucker and she'll drop an egg right in the Shakey’s parking lot.
14) 57) dialog: You don’t know if you don’t ask. Outside, Ian’s dad fires up the SUV. Rex jogs into the garage. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 31.
14) 59) dialog: What a dick. You should take his car just on principle.
14) 61) dialog: Ian. Look at me. Yes. Rex might find out. And he might kick the holy shit out of you. But this is your last chance. You don’t step up now, you’re a college virgin. Ian stares back gravely, thinking it over.
14) 62) dialog: She’s nine short hours away. We head down tonight, you pound that va-jay, and we’re back tomorrow, Rex’1l never even know it was gone. You lose your virginity tonight, Ian. To-night. CLANK!! Ian and Lance startle as the garage door opener kicks in. The door begins to rise, exposing Rex’s boots a slowly more of him. They fumble with the key box as the d inches higher. Ian dives to put it back.
14) 63) dialog: No! It was back here! Lance points to where he found it. Ian reaches out, dropp the key box. Lance turns to get it, accidentally kicking under the car. The door is up to Rex’s chest! Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 32. Ian lunges under the car but it’s just out of his reach. painfully stretches out, his finger tips tickle the key b Finally he gets it and tosses it back to Lance who puts i place. Ian scrambles out from under the Judge. Rex’s POV as the door clears his eyes. Ian is on his knee as though he might blow Lance. He peeks around Lance at R
14) 65) dialog: Shit! Cue “Let’s Get It Up” - balls-out-loud as Ian gives Lance dubious smiles. Ian holds up the key. EXT. IAN’S HOUSE - GARAGE - DAY The Judge thunders to life and pulls out over the camera the Star Destroyer at the top of Star Wars. The car stops Felicia is now standing in the way. She’s holding a bag o groceries and videos. She crosses to Ian’s open window.
14) 73) dialog: Dude. You do not want Felicia along. I know you guys are friends but she’s always cock-blocking you.
14) 75) dialog: Fine, twat-blocking you then. You know what I mean.
14) 77) dialog: She’1l get over it. Be a man. Felicia throws her bag in and jumps in the back.
14) 78) dialog: I thought you had a wedding this weekend. You sure you can go?
14) 87) dialog: Foot cancer.
15) 0) text: They fly along the highway. Felicia sits in back, leaning against the window. Her iPod earbuds are in. Lance takes the Google maps out of his pocket and flips through them.
15) 1) dialog: What are we on - 294? So, you want I-80 east. Then 65 south all the way through Indiana. Felicia emits an unintended guttural hum along with her music. She sounds like a retarded zombie. Jan and Lance laugh. She pulls an earbud out.
15) 4) dialog: Nice. So? How’s it feel?
15) 6) dialog: I don’t know - Breaking some rules? Talkin’ some shit? Driving the Judge to get some poon?
15) 10) dialog: Pass. That’s just another movie where the girl’s hot and the guy’s a dork but he’s persistent. So he comes on with a bunch of cute, zany shit that, in the real world, would get you arrested.
15) 12) dialog: Pure bullshit. Nobody’s ever gotten laid off mini-golf. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 36.
15) 17) dialog: It’s not her fault. People like a challenge. Everybody wants what they can’t get. This point makes Ian and Felicia uncomfortable.
15) 19) dialog: Dude wants to race. (Out the window.) Let’s go, pussy!
15) 21) dialog: Bring ‘em on!
15) 23) dialog: You’ve never been in a fight, have you Ian? Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
15) 28) dialog: True. But everybody should get in at least one fight. It’s good for you. That includes you, Leesh.
15) 30) dialog: That’s even better for you. The driver gives Ian the finger out his sunroof.
15) 32) dialog: Yeah! Come on, bury this jag-off!
15) 34) dialog: 
15) 36) dialog: Strawberry. You’re telling me we couldn’t have wasted some dildo who drinks strawberry fuckin’ shakes?
16) 0) text: Lance is washing the windshield. Ian gives Felicia some cash. He’s bouncing on his heels, desperate to pee.
22) 0) text: Ian comes outside. Felicia is finishing up pumping the ga She smiles like nothing happened. Lance comes out of the truckstop with his arm around Bran the counter girl, who’s still crying. Ian and Felicia exchange annoyed expressions.
22) 1) dialog: It’s okay, Brandy. Yeah, you let it out, baby. He’s a bastard. You'd swear Lance’s heart was breaking too until he cover smiles and raises a triumphant thumbs-up to Ian. Lance op the door of the Judge and escorts her into the back seat.
22) 2) dialog: Don’t worry, Lancey’s gonna get you home and into a nice hot bath. Lance closes her door and walks around to climb in the ot side, but Ian stops him halfway and whisper-yells.
22) 4) dialog: Dude, I’m just trying to show another human being some compassion...and my dick. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 41.
22) 6) dialog: The whole trip can’t just be about you, Ian.
23) 0) text: The Judge drives past endless rows of corn. Ian and Felic are pissed. In the back, Lance is making out with Brandy.
23) 6) dialog: You're a dirty girl, aren’t you?
23) 11) dialog: Sure. Plenty of times. What else is on the menu?
23) 13) dialog: Mmmm. That sounds good. I’11 have that. She tosses some Altoids in her mouth and goes down.
23) 14) dialog: Oooooh. That is curiously strong. INT. BRANDY’S MOBILE HOME - KITCHEN Felicia and Ian hear the groan. Felicia seethes.
23) 25) dialog: Oooh, no. Let’s have some of that. (then) Wait. Brown? Hold on. Nothing brown. Lance starts to squirm violently. INT. BRANDY’S MOBILE HOME Lance screams in horror from the other room.
23) 26) dialog: 
24) 0) text: A little boy watches Lance sprint by. He points out the window and calls to his mother.
25) 0) text: Lance takes cover in the bordering cornfield. He drops to one knee and painfully works his left hand out of its cuf The right one is too tight. Suddenly he hears rumbling. H stands to see. It’s Rick’s monster truck coming right for him. Lance hits the deck. The truck rolls over him, leavi him untouched but running over one side of the headboard. When Lance stands, the headboard comes apart and he’s abl slip the remaining cuff off of the bar it had clung to. With one set of cuffs dangling from his right wrist, Lanc runs down the rows. Extreme close up on a blade of corn stalk, as it slashes Lance’s arm like a paper cut. Then another cuts his face.
25) 1) dialog: Ahhhgg! Shit that hurts! The truck corners into the frame behind Lance. Lance runs toward us like Indiana Jones running from that huge ball. Just as the truck is about to hit him, he dives out of th way. Rick slams on the brakes, spitting dirt everywhere a he does a reverse donut to turn around. Lance now cuts and dodges through different rows but he’s running out of steam. He stops to catch his breath. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 46. After a beat, he looks up to find Rick, out of his truck stomping toward him with a baseball bat. Lance lamely backpedals, covering his junk with his hands.
25) 2) dialog: Hey, man. Come on. She’s not worth it. You get back with her, and she’s just gonna shit all over you. Trust me. Rick raises the bat. Just then the Judge pulls up next to Lance. Ian pulls him into the passenger seat. The car showers dirt all over Rick as it peels away.
26) 0) text: The car races blindly through the field. Hundreds of corn stalks thump over the hood as they plow through. Lance, still naked, rides shotgun. Felicia is in the back seat.
27) 1) dialog: No! Go right! For sure! The car turns right, plunging them further into the field The shot pulls back to reveal that the Judge and Rick’s t are now on a collision course!
28) 0) text: Lance is putting a t-shirt on. He spots something coming their way.
28) 1) dialog: Ian?
28) 5) dialog: Ian! Whip a shitty! The truck appears in front of them. Ian cranks the wheel.
30) 2) dialog: Corn wake?
30) 4) dialog: What are you doing!? Go!
31) 0) text: Ian backs up and turns left down a perpendicular path tha they had previously trampled. Rick catches up but ends up lost in a dead end of corn. Ian turns hard right. The Judge bursts out of the corn, u the side of the ditch and jumps, landing back on the road Lance and Felicia cheer.
31) 1) dialog: Duuuuuude! That’s how you do that!
31) 3) dialog: I’m sorry! But Ian, seriously, thanks for coming for, brother. Lance puts a hand on Ian’s shoulder.
31) 7) dialog: They’re in my pants. Back there.
31) 9) dialog: Hey, pick this guy up. Maybe he can get us back to the highway.
31) 14) dialog: You know where we can pick up I-65?
32) 0) text: The Hitchhiker sits in the back seat. Felicia leans again the car, trying her phone. Lance (now in pants) and Ian stand over the open hood, staring blankly at the engine. cows stand just across a fence, watching.
32) 1) dialog: What do you think?
32) 4) dialog: It says not to open it hot. Maybe we should let it cool down a while.
32) 7) dialog: There’s a lesson learned. Lance unzips his pants. Felicia turns away.
32) 8) dialog: You can watch. I don’t care.
32) 10) dialog: Ian. You’re up. Ian struggles to his feet, a red spot is now on his foreh He stands before the radiator. Lance stands next to him.
32) 11) dialog: Well? Grip it and rip it.
32) 13) dialog: Why?
32) 15) dialog: Seriously? Lance shakes his head and steps away to join Felicia arou the side of the car. Ian closes his eyes, takes deep brea and tries to relax.
32) 17) dialog: Yo stagefright, how we doin’? Ian looses his start. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 51.
32) 19) dialog: There it is! The pee sound stops again.
32) 21) dialog: Dude. We need you to piss in the radiator.
32) 23) dialog: We just do.
32) 26) dialog: Our new friend’s got nothing left in the tank. Lance and Ian eyeball Felicia.
32) 28) dialog: Every drop helps. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 52. She shakes her head, considering it. Suddenly the hitchhi jumps out of the back seat and calls out to them.
33) 4) dialog: Dude, just relax.
33) 8) dialog: Wait up, I‘1ll go with you.
33) 10) dialog: Why don’t you go with him? Felicia watches Ian go, deciding if she should join him.
35) 2) dialog: Yeah, but... I mean, all due respect there, champ.
35) 4) dialog: No. Dude, wait! Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 56.
37) 1) dialog: So, he met her on the internet and--
37) 3) dialog: Oh. You see, the internet is a bunch of computers that are--
37) 5) dialog: Right. Computers are like big calculators with pictures--
37) 7) dialog: Is it anything like a rolling brown out?
37) 11) dialog: You guys can’t even play Scrabble?
37) 13) dialog: So if you’re on Rumspringa, why the buggy?
37) 15) dialog: Whoa. So what do you miss most?
38) 5) dialog: Ian, Felicia! This is my boy Ezekiel.
40) 0) text: Ian puts his phone back in his pocket and walks over to Lance, Felicia, Ezekiel and the Judge. A bunch of Amish k are working on a few lesser muscle cars. Some dress like secular kids; some wear traditional Amish clothes. They a all excited to see the Judge. JEREMIAH, a young Rumspring kid, pulls the oil dipstick out and shows it to Ian.
41) 0) text: Ian, Lance and Felicia walk up to the barn.
41) 2) dialog: I don’t know. Ezekiel made it sound like this Rumspringa thing is pretty sick. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 61.
42) 5) dialog: Not unless her name is “go fuck yourself.” I think I’m in love. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 62.
42) 7) dialog: Hey, Felicia. Dance?
42) 9) dialog: Come on. Don’t be hatin’. Lance pulls her arm. She can’t hide her smile.
44) 0) text: Ian stomps in, looking for his friends. He spots them slo dancing together. This bothers him more than he would hav guessed. He looks away but can’t help but torture himself watching them dance. Lance says something that makes Feli laugh. She lays her head on his chest and smiles.
44) 2) dialog: Check it out. It’s working.
44) 3) dialog: (re: Amish girl) Look at her. She is IN. You're the best wingman ever. Watch this. 63. The song kicks in heavier. Felicia hides her humiliation she takes a step back. Lance walks away. He passes the Amish girl, she stops him and he kicks-in his game. walks out.
49) 0) text: The open field is filled with cars and campers. Kids slee everywhere - in the vehicles, in the barn and right on th ground. Ian wakes to find that he’s lying in the bed of a pick-up truck. Lance is sprawled out in the cab. Ian sits up and rubs his pounding head. Felicia is limping toward him, still barefoot, a pained expression on her face. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 66.
49) 6) dialog: Hey. So, what's the plan?
49) 9) dialog: Yeah, Ian. You’ve been putting off ‘visiting grandma’ for way too long. It’s time you ‘visit grandma.’
49) 11) dialog: He’s going to kill you either way. We're halfway there. I can’t stress enough how much you’1l enjoy ‘visiting grandma.’ Trust me. I ‘visit my grandma’ all the time and it’s pretty fucking awesome. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 67. Felicia is a little confused by Ian and Lance’s code talk
49) 16) dialog: Hey! Mary! Wait up. She breaks ranks with her friends and steps to Lance with gorgeous smile.
49) 17) dialog: You look beautiful.
49) 19) dialog: Still, you make it hot somehow. Seriously. You wearing that, churning some butter. Are you kidding me? (singing) Sexy. She laughs. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 68.
49) 20) dialog: So, listen, I had the best time with you last night.
49) 22) dialog: You’re going to call me, right?
49) 24) dialog: No?
50) 0) text: Ian drives down the highway. Felicia rides shotgun. Lance sits in back, looking depressed.
50) 1) dialog: I’ve never met anyone like her. This sucks full ass.
50) 3) dialog: Don’t say that. Do NOT say that. This girl is really special.
50) 5) dialog: No. This is different. Mary and I made some kind of cosmic, spiritual connection. It’s real and it’s beautiful and it’s awesome as fuck. Ian’s phone starts vibrating.
50) 27) dialog: Don’t answer it. They sit and listen to it ring.
50) 29) dialog: Not yet. Stay strong, buddy. You know what you need? A Corn dog! He points to a small carnival set up in grocery store par lot off the interstate. *
50) 31) dialog: We got tons of time. You’re not meeting her for six hours. Your grandma, I mean. Come on. Corn dogs! Cooooorn Doooogs!
51) 0) text: Ian and Lance sit at a picnic table. Lance has his head i his hands. A group of hot girls go by.
51) 2) dialog: Oh, man. I am acting like you, aren’t I? Balls. (MORE )
51) 4) dialog: (then) But where am I ever gonna find another girl as cool as Mary? Ian motions toward Felicia, who’s getting the food.
51) 6) dialog: What about her?
51) 8) dialog: Yeah, I know.
51) 10) dialog: Felicia’s awesome. But you like her.
51) 12) dialog: Dude. (oh, please)
51) 14) dialog: Again - dude.
51) 16) dialog: Doesn’t matter. I still wouldn’t do that to you. (then) But you do know she’s not into you, right?
51) 18) dialog: No. It’s not cute. It’s bullshit. It’s never gonna happen, so don’t fuck yourself up waiting for her.
51) 20) dialog: Ian, I’m only saying this as your friend. Never. Okay? You’re her friend. That’s like quicksand. There’s no digging your way out of friend-sand. She already knows all your bullshit. I bet you’ve even cried in front of her before, haven’t you? Ian looks down. Guilty as charged.
51) 21) dialog: Oh, fuck me. Well, there you go. You know what every chick I’ve ever boned had in common? I wasn’t friends with any of them.
51) 23) dialog: Fuckin’ A. Let’s keep the focus on your balls in her mouth. Felicia returns with the food. She sits down next to Ian. There’s an uncomfortable silence.
52) 0) text: Ian, Lance and Felicia walk though the midway. Felicia points to a carnival game. It’s a short rope ladder at a slight incline. Everyone who tries to scale it, flips the ladder over, landing in a pile of hay.
52) 9) dialog: Well, what do you expect from an Olympic snowboarder?
52) 14) dialog: Way. Lance covertly yanks the lollypop out of Felicia’s hand a taps it against Ian’s arm, encouraging him to give it to Mandy. Ian does. She smiles as she accepts it.
52) 17) dialog: Definitely. He’ll be front row center. Mandy gives one more cute smile before she bops away.
53) 0) text: A stage is set up at one end; hundreds of people sit in folding chairs facing it. Ian, Felicia and Lance take sea (in that order) in the front row. Felicia checks her watc
53) 2) dialog: Stop doing that.
53) 4) dialog: Twat blocking Ian.
54) 0) text: Ian exits through a flap at the back of the tent, looking shell-shocked. Lance and Felicia sprint around the outsid of the tent, laughing.
54) 1) dialog: I can’t believe you just took an abstinence pledge!
54) 14) dialog: Ouch.
55) 0) text: Lance drives. Ian sits with Felicia in the back seat. He holds a cloth to her mouth with one hand and works his ph with the other, looking for a dental listing.
55) 2) dialog: You sure you want to get dental work done in Kentucky?
59) 0) text: The office is in a small strip mall next to a gas station convenience store. Ian comes out of the convenience store with a bag of stuff. He crosses to the Judge. The passenger door is open. Lance sits in the passenger s with his feet on the ground and his head in his hands. Ia arrives with a smile and a spring in his step.
59) 1) dialog: What’s with you? Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 86.
59) 3) dialog: Why?
59) 5) dialog: A moment? Oh shit, Ian. I knew she was gonna do this. She sees you with that chick and now she’s tightening your leash. She’s just afraid to lose the undivided attention of the one guy who always listens to her problems.
59) 7) dialog: Ian, you see the punks she dates. I’m sorry but she doesn’t want a guy like you. She wants to take some dark, brooding asshole and turn him into a guy like you.
59) 9) dialog: I’m not wrong. I’m right. And I’m not going to let her fuck this up for you. We’re going to Knoxville and you're gonna get your nut.
59) 13) dialog: Good deal. Let’s go to Knoxville.
61) 3) dialog: He’s violated.
61) 5) dialog: That was a bit much.
61) 8) dialog: You told her that? That’s bold.
61) 10) dialog: Hold on - she invited him out because he came off like such an a- hole. Dude got that part right.
61) 13) dialog: Oh, man. I knew you’d find a way to bitch out on this.
61) 15) dialog: Fuckin’ A, chicken shit.
61) 18) dialog: Sweet! Now step on it. We can still make it. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 89. Although she pushed for it, Felicia is not as happy. She lies down in the back seat, looking terribly sad. Cue: “Teenagers (Scare The Living Shit Out Of Me)” by My Chemical Romance. The Judge moves down the highway as the sun lowers in the sky. Ian passes several cars. He looks over at the car to his left - the pimped out Honda (that had tossed the milkshake earlier) is back and edging by him. TIan’s had enough. He glares back and jumps on the gas. Felicia sits up.
61) 21) dialog: He’s tagging out! Wooo! Ian and Lance five one another.
62) 2) dialog: Take it easy, bro. It wasn’t your fault. The thing ran right out--
62) 4) dialog: Okay. But, dude, Ms. Tasty - we gotta keep moving.
62) 6) dialog: Okay. You’re right. Lance goes back to the car and returns with a tire-iron. walks up next to Ian and raises it over his head. Ian tur to Lance, deadly serious. He pushes Lance away.
62) 8) dialog: Jesus Christ, man! I was just gonna put him out of his misery so we can go already. Felicia is appalled by Lance’s inability to be affected b this.
62) 13) dialog: Boy, he’s really hanging in there. Ian loses it, beating it severely. As he does, he’s bathe in red and blue flashing light.
63) 0) text: Ian and Lance are being led down the hall by the cop.
63) 2) dialog: The vet said there’s a good chance it might pull through. CoP #1 You better hope so.
64) 3) dialog: (sotto to Ian) Dude. Man up. They think you’re shittin’ your pants, they’1ll fuck with you. Ian does a terrible impersonation of a tough guy. After a beat, a man rolls up on Lance, posturing like he means ha
64) 5) dialog: Whoa! Sit your ass the fuck back down or you and me - we’re gonna have a fuckin’ problem! The guy backs off.
65) 2) dialog: Dude.
65) 4) dialog: You’re peeing in front of a bunch of people. Ian looks around, appreciating the moment.
65) 6) dialog: And that guy’s looking straight at your dick. 93. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 94.
65) 8) dialog: Look at you. You’re a new man.
65) 10) dialog: Dude. You stole a car, you got arrested, got in a fight, sort of. Hey, you killed an endangered species with your bare hands. That’s gotta count for something. The prisoner next to them gives Ian a look of approval.
65) 11) dialog: Now you’re pissin’ like a big dog. There’s only one thing left...
65) 13) dialog: Look, when we get out of here, just tell her you got pinched and you’ve been in the hard yard. She‘’ll think that’s badass. INT. WOMEN’S JAIL CELL Felicia sits among four other prisoners of varied ages an degrees of nasty. They sit on the benches, arranged aroun Felicia, like The View. Felicia is sad.
66) 0) text: A cop opens the cell door. CoP #1 Ian Lafferty, Lance Nesbitt? Your bail’s been posted.
66) 2) dialog: What?
67) 1) dialog: No way! Mary! He runs to her. They hug. Ian and Felicia join them at th counter. An officer slides over three envelopes.
67) 3) dialog: How'd you know we were here?
69) 0) text: Ian leans against the Judge, wrapping up his texting sess Lance, Felicia and Mary are walking toward him.
69) 1) dialog: So? What’s the plan?
69) 3) dialog: Yes! Ian gets in the car. Lance excitedly ushers Mary to the c None of them see Felicia’s look disappointment.
70) 0) text: Ian and Felicia sit in the front, silent and far apart. Lance and Mary are in back, snuggling like the love struc teens they are. They pass a sign that reads, “Knoxville 1 mi.” Ian checks his watch. Felicia quietly reaches down for the bag that Ian had giv her. She checks that he’s not looking. She peeks inside. It’s a pair of flip-flops with little daisies on them. He feet are still bare. She gets glassy-eyed. Ian looks over Felicia looks away. She is clearly moved by the gift. EXT. EST. HARLAN’S FANTASY INN - NIGHT An old single level motel has been converted into “fantas rooms. The sign reads, “22 Romantic Fantasy Theme Rooms t Choose From!” It’s right across the street from the Shakey’s. The Judge is parked in front of a room. INT. HARLAN’S FANTASY INN - THE “BLAZE” ROOM The walls are painted with flames. The room is decorated with firefighter memorabilia including hoses, axes, helme and a life-size cardboard cut-out of a sexy shirtless fireman. There’s a thick brass pole in one corner. The be looks like a wide fire engine. The clock on the wall read ten minutes to eleven. Ian is brushing his teeth and getting ready to go. Felici sits on the bed, watching TV. She’s wearing the flip-flop Ian bought for her. Ian takes one more look in the mirror He’s unsure of himself.
71) 13) dialog: I’ve just never felt this way about anyone before. I think I’m falling-- She kisses him.
71) 15) dialog: This Amish thing is a real motherfucker.
74) 2) dialog: I’m banging an Amish chick. I mean, what are the odds? EXT. SHAKEY’S PARKING LOT - NIGHT The Judge pulls into the lot. Tasty jumps out just in tim to greet a car that’s pulling in - THE PIMPED OUT HONDA. trots over to it. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 107.
75) 17) dialog: (shitting bricks) Rick. Rickster. How’d you find us? Rick takes out the Google maps and whips them at Lance. R still on the ground, calls out to Lance.
75) 19) dialog: I have absolutely no idea. Ms. Tasty looks on, trying to decide whether she should engage in the situation. Something gets her attention - Felicia is sneaking out of the back seat. Tasty has had enough of this mess.
75) 25) dialog: Ian, you’re working the mouth.
75) 40) dialog: What the fuck, dude? Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 112.
75) 42) dialog: Not exactly. But okay. Fair enough. Not in the nuts, okay? WHAP! Rick punches Lance in the head. Lance goes back but not down. He holds himself up with his hands on his knees
75) 43) dialog: Holy god. Good punch.
76) 0) text: Ian, Rex, Lance and Felicia are milking cows. Rex is gros out. They are all filthy and sweaty. They look like they' been at it a while. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 116. VROOOM!! They look over to see the Judge being rolled out the barn. The side damage is as good as new and now there are flames on the side. Rex stands, very pleased. They all run to the car. Ezekiel climbs out and pulls off some extra masking tape around the moulding.
77) 3) dialog: You two go ahead. I’m gonna hang here and kick it Amish style.
77) 5) dialog: Hard work, fresh air, missionary position - sounds good.
77) 7) dialog: Now, you two go ‘visit grandma. Lance walks back to Mary. Ian and Felicia drive off into summer evening.