46) 0) text: Ian and Felicia are dancing and laughing and getting wast Montage through the night as they down more and more drin and get crazy with the Amish. At one point Ian even stage dives and gets body-passed over the crowd. Meanwhile, Lan and MARY, the Amish beauty, dance and hang out together. FADE TO BLACK.
49) 18) dialog: Yeah right. Please. These are unflattering by design.
49) 21) dialog: Yeah, me too.
49) 23) dialog: Um...No.
49) 25) dialog: Lance. Rumspringa’s over for me. Lance looks devastated. Meanwhile, a short distance away, Ian speaks to Ezekiel.
67) 4) dialog: I called your phone and someone here answered it. cop #1 (0.S.) Wasn’t me. Ian’s phone displays, “New Text Message From: Ms. Tasty.” clicks it. It brings up a message, “Stood out here 4 an h and a half. UR an ASSHOLE!” JIan deflates. He steps outsi clicking on-line with his phone.
69) 0) text: Ian leans against the Judge, wrapping up his texting sess Lance, Felicia and Mary are walking toward him.
70) 0) text: Ian and Felicia sit in the front, silent and far apart. Lance and Mary are in back, snuggling like the love struc teens they are. They pass a sign that reads, “Knoxville 1 mi.” Ian checks his watch. Felicia quietly reaches down for the bag that Ian had giv her. She checks that he’s not looking. She peeks inside. It’s a pair of flip-flops with little daisies on them. He feet are still bare. She gets glassy-eyed. Ian looks over Felicia looks away. She is clearly moved by the gift. EXT. EST. HARLAN’S FANTASY INN - NIGHT An old single level motel has been converted into “fantas rooms. The sign reads, “22 Romantic Fantasy Theme Rooms t Choose From!” It’s right across the street from the Shakey’s. The Judge is parked in front of a room. INT. HARLAN’S FANTASY INN - THE “BLAZE” ROOM The walls are painted with flames. The room is decorated with firefighter memorabilia including hoses, axes, helme and a life-size cardboard cut-out of a sexy shirtless fireman. There’s a thick brass pole in one corner. The be looks like a wide fire engine. The clock on the wall read ten minutes to eleven. Ian is brushing his teeth and getting ready to go. Felici sits on the bed, watching TV. She’s wearing the flip-flop Ian bought for her. Ian takes one more look in the mirror He’s unsure of himself.
71) 14) dialog: Lance, I can’t. It doesn’t work that way. If I don’t go back, I’1l be shunned. I’d never see my family again.
71) 16) dialog: Tell me about it.