0) 0) text: Techno music thumps as we snake through a crowded party. we see are people and lights. Everyone is either dancing, talking or making out. Arrive behind a petit brunette wit body that has precipitated many a boner. MS. TASTY turns revealing a sweet, stunning twenty-year-old smile.
0) 1) dialog: Ian! Hey, sweetie! (Strikes a sexy pose) So? What do you think? Reverse to show who she’s posing for, but IAN is silhouet backlit by disco lights. He speaks with smug confidence.
0) 3) dialog: Jerk. So when do I get to check out your big, sexy bod? L-O-L! Her face rotates unnaturally ninety degrees on it’s side winks ;) Pull back hard to reveal thousands, maybe millio of people at this party. The heads become pixels on Ms. Tasty’s MySpace page on a computer in: INT. IAN’S BEDROOM - NIGHT The real Ian lies in bed with his laptop, wearing a Darth Vader t-shirt, Chicago Cubs pajama bottoms and reading glasses. He’s eighteen but could pass for sixteen. He's a sweet kid with the kind of thoughtful, approachable face might seek when in need of directions. Close on her words on the screen: “JERK. SO WHEN DO I GET CHECK OUT YOUR BIG, SEXY BOD? L-O-L!” Ian lets out a nervous giggle. He types his reply, “IT’S REALLY THAT SEXY.” He stops and deletes that.
1) 0) text: Now some of Ms. Tasty’s MySpace bio stats float in the ai next to her: "MsTasty, 5' 5" / Age:20 / Home: Knoxville, Here For: Friends / Occupation: College Student / Interes Cars, Bikes, Music, Horses, Football and Mad Partying!!!" materializes next to her, now with the cool facial hair a leaning against the car. Before Tasty even turns to see h LANCE materializes out of thin air, landing between them. Lance is eighteen, good looking, built and dressed cool.
1) 16) dialog: Nice. O.M.G. Your car is sick!
11) 21) dialog: Ian, baby!
11) 23) dialog: I’ve been in bed all day, thinking about you. Cut to Ian in the real world. He’s wide-eyed and freaked.
11) 25) dialog: I have an idea. You should jump in that tight ride of yours and drive it down to Knoxville this weekend so we can hook up in person.
11) 27) dialog: I think I can make it worth the drive. Back in reality, Ian’s jaw drops. He types the word, “HOW He takes a deep breath before clicking “Send.” Push in on Ian’s expectant face as the reply comes in: “MsTasty: U D ALL THE WAY HERE 4 ME AND I’11 GO ALL THE WAY WITH U.” Ta stares back at the screen, wide-eyed. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 22.
39) 1) dialog: Hey! Where are you? I’m so excited to see you.
39) 3) dialog: Ian, you said tonight. I could have gone to Virginia beach with my friends. I stayed behind for you.
39) 5) dialog: Okay. Tomorrow then. Don’t be late! Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 60.
68) 0) text: Ms. Tasty stands talking to some other guy with a cool ca Ian appears. She turns to glare at him.
68) 2) dialog: Get lost and leave me alone. She waves a hand, he disappears. She turns. He reappears front of her. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 97.
68) 4) dialog: For what?
68) 6) dialog: Really?
68) 8) dialog: I bet you haven’t even left Chicago. You know, I’ve never done this before but I think you’re just playin’ me.
68) 10) dialog: No. Eleven o’clock at the Shakey’s. But, no more excuses. If you’re one minute late, I’m gone. She disappears.
71) 4) dialog: Ian! Oh my gosh! Hey! Ian turns to see the real Ms. Tasty stepping out of vinta Dodge Charger. She’s even hotter than her picture and she speaks in a sweet southern accent that we didn’t hear in cyberspace. She trots over to the car. MS. TASTY (CONT’D) I was sure you were standing me up. She jumps into the passenger side. Ian is terrified. MS. TASTY (CONT’D) But, here you are. Look at you.
71) 6) dialog: You look kinda different than your picture.
71) 8) dialog: Well, you’re mighty cute.
71) 10) dialog: Hmmm. I LOVE your car. Why don’t you take me for a ride. Ian pulls out of the lot. Tasty cuddles up to him. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 103.
71) 12) dialog: I’1l tell you after. She kisses his neck. Ian smiles through his fear. They drive on. She rubs his chest and nuzzles his ear. Behind them a head slowly peeks up from the back seat - Felicia! She sees Ms. Tasty kiss Ian’s cheek. She ditches back dow INT. HARLAN’S FANTASY INN - THE “JUNGLE” ROOM Lance and Mary’s room is thick with fake jungle foliage. Jungle noises play. The headboard of the bed is an exotic fish aquarium. Lance and Mary lie on the bed. She cradles him like a child.
72) 2) dialog: I’ve had some mighty bad luck when it comes to guys. (MORE )
72) 4) dialog: Dated a lot of greaseballs. I decided I wanted to communicate with someone, before... Well, before this. She kisses him. JIan’s eyes remain wide open as they kiss Pan over to the Judge. The windows are rolled down and Felicia is peeking out from the back seat. MS. TASTY (CONT’D) (whispers) Ian, why don’t you take your clothes off.
72) 6) dialog: Ian, you can look if you like. Ian looks down. After a beat, he takes his out glasses an puts them on. Now he can’t look away. She gently pushes h backward, climbs over him on all fours and tugs at his pa His phone falls out. He picks it up and the screen lights with the photo of Felicia by the shoe tree. Ian looks at swallows hard and stuffs the phone back in his pocket.
72) 8) dialog: Okay. I appreciate your honesty. She continues tugging at his pants.
72) 12) dialog: Ian. What do you think? Everything on my profile is the god’s honest truth? Now, come on, take your clothes off. She tries to take his shirt off. Again, he stops her.
72) 14) dialog: Ian. I have a boyfriend. This can be our little secret.
72) 16) dialog: Ian. Just shut up and take your god damned clothes off. Jesus.
73) 1) dialog: You were right, Ian. Sixty Nine Judge - You were worth the wait.
73) 3) dialog: Good luck with your ladyfriend! They peel away, Ian sees Felicia’s terrified face pop up the back seat.
74) 0) text: Bobby Jo drives as Ms. Tasty grinds on him in the front s
74) 1) dialog: Bobby Jo Calhoun, you were so awesome back there! God damn sixty nine Judge. I love you so much, baby. Now listen, I got me another car coming in any minute so drop me back to the Shakey’s and get this Goat over to Luis. Remember he’s on fifth and Crescent. Don’t mess it up this time! Meanwhile, Felicia is lying in the back seat, furiously texting on her phone. INT. HARLAN’S FANTASY INN - THE “JUNGLE” ROOM Lance’s phone sits on the night stand, blinking a text message that goes unseen as Lance and Mary are having sex She’s getting crazy on top. Lance is in heaven.
74) 3) dialog: Hey, boys! You finally made it! The window lowers revealing ANDY & RANDY!
75) 4) dialog: Oh, yeah. I want us all to get naked and party. Andy & Randy exchange innocent, worried looks. This is no the reply they are used to. Andy looks away and zips up h hoodie as far as it will go. Randy also diverts his eyes he subtly reaches up to lock the door. Ms. Tasty looks do at the locked door button, confused. CRASH!!! In the background, the Judge is rocked as it is boned on the passenger side by a huge, jacked-up pick-up. Tasty spins around, “What the hell?” Andy and Randy raise the windows behind her. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 108. INT. HARLAN’S FANTASY INN - THE “BLAZE” ROOM Rex heard the noise. He looks out the window.
75) 20) dialog: Bobby Jo! Who the hell is that!?
75) 22) dialog: Well shit, boy! Then she heard everything! Hello! Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca