1) 30) dialog: You don’t look at your sister and pop a stiffy, Ian. That is NOT normal. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
1) 31) text: Rex, please. Let’s just all do our best to respect one another's privacy. Okay, honey?
1) 40) dialog: I gotta go. If you fags want a ride, you better hustle up. We track out the window and across the street to: INT. FELICIA’S HOUSE A modest but nice suburban home. Felicia is coming down t stairs. She wears a black t-shirt that reads, “I’m beggin you to shut up.” She stops when she hears voices. She pee around the corner into the dining room. Her MOTHER sits a the kitchen table with AUNT CAROL. Standing on the other side of the table is TIFFANY, a blonde Brittany Spears ty about Felicia’s age. Tiffany is arranging some Barbie & K dolls in a make-believe wedding ceremony.
3) 0) text: Rex drives and sings loudly. Dylan rides shotgun. Ian sit in back; he’s now dressed in a purple polo and visor, embroidered with a “Sefior Donut” logo. Rex turns the rad down.
3) 1) dialog: Ian - question. And I want a straight answer. You queer?
3) 3) dialog: God damn it! I knew it!
3) 5) dialog: Exactly. When someone asks if you're a pole-smoker, you deny it right off. No pause! No fartin' around! Jesus, Ian!
3) 12) dialog: You're breaking the old man's heart.
3) 14) dialog: MySpace? Oh, for fuck’s sake! Don't you watch Dateline? She's probably a guy, Ian! Some fat old dude who wants to pound you up the tailpipe!
4) 1) dialog: Have fun at work. Try not to come home any gayer than you are now.
11) 3) dialog: What the fuck is that shit?
11) 5) dialog: Well I ain’t gonna be seen driving around with Sefor Numbnut. Stow that shit in the trunk. Ian pops the trunk and bashfully strips off the costume, leaving him just in his t-shirt and tighty-whities. Sever passing shoppers glance over. Ian stuffs the costume in t trunk and dashes for the passenger door. Rex slowly pulls ahead, Ian runs along side. Rex laughs way too hard.
11) 6) dialog: Come on! Get in, fairy! Ian reaches for the door but Rex stays just far enough ah Ian runs faster and opens the door. Before he can jump in Rex slams on the brakes. TIan bounces off the inside of t door and falls flat on his back in the street.
11) 7) dialog: Ha!!! You suck, Ian! Ian lies there groaning.
11) 8) dialog: Don't be such a puss! Seriously, quit dickin' around and get in. EXT. IAN’S HOUSE - EVENING The Judge pulls into the driveway. Ian gets out. A car pulls in behind him. IT’S BECCA! She climbs out. Ian coyl pulls his shirt down over his grunds. This is awkward.
14) 58) dialog: Yo. Fuckstick. Heed these words: That car moves so much as a dick- hair, a fly so much as farts on it and you die a brutal death, fag. Rex punches Ian in the arm. Ian rubs his arm as Rex stomp off, laughing. Ian gestures toward him as if to tell Lanc “I told you so.” Rex points the clicker over his shoulder closing the garage door with Ian and Lance still inside.
14) 64) dialog: For god's sake. You two rump rangers couldn't wait five minutes. Rex shakes his head as he steps in. He retrieves the key from under the car. He points a warning finger at Ian and Lance as he walks backwards to the SUV. They drive off.
47) 0) text: POV - from the back seat: Ian is driving alone, looking surly as he sails past the other cars on the highway. Ian lifts a messy burger to hi face. Ketchup, mustard and mayo drip on to the seats. He takes a huge gulp off his soda and tosses the half-full c into the back seat. Ian picks his nose and rubs it on the ceiling of the car. holds up a gay porn mag, letting the centerfold unfurl. H looks at the sexy naked man, unaware that railroad gates lowering ahead. Ian turns and looks straight into the camera, laughing maniacally. The train starts crossing. A the split second that we’re about to hit the train... Rex (in bed) sits up hard, waking from this NIGHTMARE in
48) 0) text: Rex huffs and puffs and orients himself. He leaps out of bed, digs the key box out of his jeans and opens it. EMPT
48) 1) dialog: 
50) 7) dialog: 
50) 10) dialog: PICK UP THE PHONE, FUCKHEAD! I’M GONNA POP YOUR FUCKIN’ BALLS!! Ian erases this message too. BEEP!
50) 11) dialog: GOD DAMN IT, IAN! yYOU--
50) 13) dialog: Okay. If you call me back, I won’t kill you. NO! FUCK THAT! YOU'RE A FUCKIN’ CORPSE! WHERE THE FUCK
50) 18) dialog: 
50) 21) dialog: 
55) 7) dialog: MOTHERFUCKIN’ BITCH-ASS COCKSUCKER! Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca a *
55) 11) text: Rex pitches a tantrum for the ages. He violently shakes t garage door, tearing it off it’s rails. It lowers enough him to start kicking it. He breaks it. He reaches inside and pulls out Ian’s bike and starts slamming it against t driveway. Once out of steam, he stomps down the driveway across the street. As he crosses, he holds up a “halt” hand. Offscreen we he a car go into a shrieking skid. Rex is unfazed as he marc up Felicia’s driveway. The car rolls by behind him. Rex arrives on Felicia’s porch. He rings the bell and seethes and swears under his breath while he waits. Felicia’s mother opens the door. His face instantly transitions to sweet and neighborly. She smiles back. FELICIA’S MOTHER Why, hello Rex. How are things?
55) 12) dialog: Good, good. Listen, Mrs. Alpine, is Felicia here by any chance? FELICIA’S MOTHER Oh no, hon, she and Ian and that Lance went on a little road trip.
55) 13) dialog: Really. A road trip. Super. Any idea where they might be heading? FELICIA’S MOTHER You know, I wanna say she said something about Knoxville but I can’t be sure. Is that helpful?
55) 14) dialog: You bet it is. Thanks much, Mrs. A. FELICIA’S MOTHER Oh, not at all. My pleasure. You have a good day, now. The second the door closes, Rex returns to fury. He turns and stomps back toward his house. In the wide shot we see neighbor watering his yard next door.
70) 16) dialog: You ever heard of Lo-Jack, cheese- dick!? (re: room) What the fuck? Rex rushes Ian, grabbing him by the neck, lifting him to feet, spinning him around and administering a brutal wedg
70) 18) dialog: Like I give shit. Get your stuff, dick-cheese. We’re going home! Rex picks up Ian’s suitcase and throws it at him. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
70) 19) text: Okay. Fine. It probably wouldn't have stopped all these feelings I’ve been having anyway. Rex stops, curious.
70) 20) dialog: What are you talking about?
70) 22) dialog: What!? Ah shit, Ian!
70) 24) dialog: Uh, uh! No way is my brother taking it in the chili ring! Rex boils like he might explode.
70) 25) dialog: Alright. You take the car and go bang a female woman like the good lord intended. You got one hour. He releases Ian and pushes him toward the door.
70) 26) dialog: But, Ian...not up the butt! Ian runs out.
75) 5) dialog: Holy fuckballs! EXT. SHAKEY’S PARKING LOT A big hillbilly climbs out of the truck - it’s Rick! (Brandy’s boyfriend from the cornfield.)
75) 14) dialog: Bite my dick, asswipe. CRACK! Bobby Jo pistol whips Rex, who goes down hard.
75) 15) dialog: Aahhgg! Jesus Christ! What’d you do that for, man!? Lance then rounds the corner, stops cold and goes wide-ey at the crazy scene.
75) 18) dialog: Lance!? What’s going on here, faggot!?
75) 48) dialog: Smoke that cocksucker, Ian!
75) 80) dialog: Thank god.
76) 0) text: Ian, Rex, Lance and Felicia are milking cows. Rex is gros out. They are all filthy and sweaty. They look like they' been at it a while. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 116. VROOOM!! They look over to see the Judge being rolled out the barn. The side damage is as good as new and now there are flames on the side. Rex stands, very pleased. They all run to the car. Ezekiel climbs out and pulls off some extra masking tape around the moulding.
76) 1) dialog: (to Ian) Okay. I guess you get to live.
77) 0) text: Ian and Felicia are in the Judge. Rex kick starts his dirtbike.
77) 1) dialog: Straight home, pussy! And keep your god damn phone on! Rex takes off. Lance and Mary are kissing near the barn. Ian honks the horn. Lance runs over.