23) 20) dialog: Oh, shit. Howdy. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
23) 23) dialog: Where the fuck’s Brandy at? INT. BRANDY’S BEDROOM Lance is still cuffed to the bed. Brandy stands over him.
23) 28) dialog: I don’t know who the hell you are but you best get your skinny ass out of the way!
23) 30) dialog: No. (beat.) But, I’11 pummel his ass real good. (re: Ian) Without hesitation, Ian yanks Felicia out of Rick’s path.
25) 0) text: Lance takes cover in the bordering cornfield. He drops to one knee and painfully works his left hand out of its cuf The right one is too tight. Suddenly he hears rumbling. H stands to see. It’s Rick’s monster truck coming right for him. Lance hits the deck. The truck rolls over him, leavi him untouched but running over one side of the headboard. When Lance stands, the headboard comes apart and he’s abl slip the remaining cuff off of the bar it had clung to. With one set of cuffs dangling from his right wrist, Lanc runs down the rows. Extreme close up on a blade of corn stalk, as it slashes Lance’s arm like a paper cut. Then another cuts his face.
31) 0) text: Ian backs up and turns left down a perpendicular path tha they had previously trampled. Rick catches up but ends up lost in a dead end of corn. Ian turns hard right. The Judge bursts out of the corn, u the side of the ditch and jumps, landing back on the road Lance and Felicia cheer.
75) 6) dialog: Get your ass out of the car you motherfuckin’...motherfucker! Bobby Jo climbs out of the Judge. Rick takes a step back.
75) 7) dialog: Whoa. Who the fuck are you, man!? Bobby Jo crosses to assess the damage. He speaks in a low laid back and almost polite southern drawl.
75) 9) dialog: Oh, shit. My bad. I thought you were someone else. Well, I wouldn’t worry about it. A little Bondo will take care that. Bobby Jo gives Rick’s truck the once over.
75) 11) dialog: Fuck that shit. Bobby Jo raises his gun to Rick’s face. Rick tosses the k
75) 12) dialog: It’s three on the tree and the clutch sticks. Rex runs into the scene. Bobby Jo points the gun at him b Rex doesn’t even notice. He rushes to the Judge and strok it like an injured child. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 109.
75) 16) dialog: That’s the sum-bitch I was looking for!
75) 28) dialog: You best do what he says. That donut ain’t fuckin’ around.
75) 45) dialog: He’s got my keys.