13) 0) text: The oldest part of the Kremlin is a huge palace built for Nicholas I in the Kremlin’s center, the gold and white sp dwarfing the older palaces and government buildings aroun Tonight, the marble staircase leading to the ground floor brightly lit, with lines of limousines discharging stuffy couples in black tie past military guards -- INSIDE THE PALACE - ST. GEORGE’S HALL is the most important, and opulent, locale for Moscow’s a of state. The domed ceiling towers fifty feet over the en room -- and tonight the room is packed, shoulder to shoul with an international crowd of diplomats. Right now, the crowd focuses on the podium, which has a b in Cyrillic and English celebrating "PEACE AND FRIENDSHIP American DIPLOMAT droning at the microphone is just as su
17) 0) text: The grey, nameless KGB compound is situated on a busy Mos street -- the only clue to its identity is a glimpse of t armed, olive-uniformed guards behind the smoked glass. Bond -- who is wearing a roomy, rugged jacket that fits i the winter wear of the Muscovites around him -- walks pas Lubyanka, and crosses the street just before an electric streetcar CLANGS past. Bond passes the nearby "World of Children" store, turning a corner under a pair of uniform traffic sentries in an elevated booth -- -- at the corner, he enters the glass doors of --
21) 0) text: With the desert behind, and the mountains ahead, it’s cle there’s virtually no civilization in this part of the wor outside of the atomic testing installation in the hills. single paved road leads along the desert up to one of the hilis -- with a matching railroad track that runs paralle The track and the road part company when you reach one of hills -- the track runs down to the hill’s base and a fre entrance -- and the road runs up to a monitoring station on the hill’s top. Access to both is barred by a young Ru guard name tagged ROSSKOVITCH manning a barricade. Today there’s interest in the area -- there are a lot of and trailers, camped out at the checkpoint. Microphones a satelites tell us they’re the press, now swarming around S SPOKESMAN, reading from a statement --
21) 90) dialog: (threatening) Nyet! Zatkneis! -- Bond is frustrated -- he knows there’s no reason she shou trust him, but he has to convince her --
21) 98) text: as Bond and the other Double-Ohs move up through the tree staying low to the ground -- -- we move back to Bond -- who is creeping along another of wild strawberry bushes -- his eyes fixed on -- BOND'S POV - OUSE’S S. W. OW Trevelyan is removed from the polygraph’s wiring -~ and i roughly shoved out of the room by the Russian guards ~--
21) 103) text: shift from Trevelyan to one of the Russian guards -- Bond fires and the guard falls -- the crosshairs move rapidly the other Russian guard, who Bond also kills -- -- leaving Trevelyan standing, frozen --
27) 50) text: is slowly trotting in their direction -- with two attenda costumed "guardsmen" on their own horses -- 114.
27) 52) text: ~~ Bond savagely sweeps an elbow back into a militiaman’s putting him out -- the second militiaman instantly aims h pistol at Bond, but Bond grabs his gqgunhand -- a SHOT is up into the ceiling -- the instant it’s fired -- -- all of the horses, terrified at the noise, rear up -- the guardsmen are thrown off their horses, tumbling into colorfully garbed heaps on the concrete -- the militiamen endangered in the enclosed space, back up in disarray -- -- Bond charges past the rearing coach horses -~ and leap a riderless guard horse -- Bond reins the horse down and kicking the horse so that it tears away at full gallop do through the arch tunnel -- -- the militiamen who aren’t ducking coach horse kicks ar blocked from shooting at Bond by the coach itself -- due arch tunnel’s curvature, Bond is nearly out of range -- b PUSHKIN’S AIDE manages to get clear -- he draws a gun and aims it at Bon has a perfect shot -- ~- which is spoiled when Pushkin knocks his arm up toward ceiling -- Bond manages to get out of range, rounding the tunnel’s curve -- the aide, astonished, angered, turns to
33) 0) text: This has a decidedly more high-tech look about it than th -- with a pair of guards flanking him, Bond is led from t elevator entrance and through a hall, to --
33) 19) dialog: We found her in the west tower -- (beat) -- at a computer terminal.
33) 55) text: -- a guard who was standing where the catwalk meets the transmitter is thrown to his death -- as he falls, he dro machine gun on the transmitter’s platform -- -- the guard falls five hundred feet into the dish -- his shattering a segment of the dish and punching a hole in i