0) 0) text: Amongst the mixture of lush vineyards and rolling mountai sleek, streamlined train bullets past at over two hundred miles an hour. As soon as we take this in, however, the wheels retract like the landing gear of an airplane -- th train is now virtually flying, bound to the track only by inch-high magnetic field. As its speed increases, we hear
0) 6) text: FINANCIER (cont/d) (crowd LAUGHS) So, a toast -- (raises glass) To the maiden voyage of the MLV-9 -- to you whose backing made it possible -- and to many more swift, smooth rides. The wealthy crowd responds by applauding and raising thei glasses, as we MOVE to the fringe of the crowd -- a hand glass of champagne from a tray -- the hand belongs to a m apart from the laughter and gaiety -- the man is --
0) 13) text: (not to boast -- just a statement of fact) Entirely. I worked on the train’s design. (doesn’t recgonize him) You are one of the investors? Mister -- ?
0) 27) text: knows he has Bond pinned -- he FIRES the machine gun at t car that’s between him and Bond -- the car’s front and re catch fire -- when the flames join, the car will explode
0) 58) text: drives out of a tear in the roof that acts as a ramp, on of the train’s roof, RACING toward the nose of the train
0) 63) text: is now upside-down, hanging from his seatbelt, wishing he have a window seat view of --
1) 0) text: It’s the end of a very long night in this part of the Arc the first dawn in six months is just starting to break. S in the middle of the endless white ice is a deceptively s installation -- and a notably large dish antenna, both pa white for camoflage. The only thing breaking the silence distant WHOPPING of --
2) 0) text: sits a bored young COMMUNICATIONS OFFICER who answers the As he speaks, we note that the inside of the station is l than it appears outside -- it’s sunk into the ice, housin array of electronic consoles that control radar monitorin equipment -~ and four Soviet ICBMs housed nearby. Near th consoles, against a wall, we see a tightly sealed vault d note too that there is a sketeton crew for such an import installation -- perhaps a dozen young men.
2) 4) text: The com officer casts a look around at the crew and the equipment. No red lights. No klaxons. No leak.
2) 8) text: as a status display screen for the silos flashes RED on t graphic for silo two -- and a KLAXON starts clanging. The officers inside decide "Severnaya" is a new way to spell "Chernobyl" -- they start running up a metal staircase to the building’s exit --
3) 0) text: As predicted by Trevelyan, a quartet of Migs have been sc -- the last of the four SCREAMS in takeoff from the deck joins the formation to jet toward Severnaya --
4) 0) text: Alexei quickly -- but carefully -- unfastens the switches hold the Tempest laptop in the docking station. As he rem it, its display still works on battery power:
4) 6) text: -~ the numbers are locking into place like a slot machine to hit one hell of a jackpot --
4) 21) text: as the final numbers lock into place -- "location" and "primary target" now have the same numbers --
5) 0) text: In a well kept Paris chalet, PETER (35), a fit, handsome man, is in the open kitchen making two capuccinos. We not here that the chalet is crowded with elaborate computers electronics -- apparently Peter’s field. It’s also clearl morning after a very successful night before. Billie Holl on the stereo, and the shower can be heard running in the background -- but the real tipoff that Peter just had a n spectacular sex is the silly grin frozen on his face.
5) 3) text: (laughing) I need you to wash my back, please -- Peter, giddy, brings a tray with the cappucinos into the bathroom, and rests them on the sink as he takes off his bathrobe and gets into the shower. Inside the shower --
6) 0) text: In a pouring rain, just after rush hour traffic, a gold M 560SL turns off Cahuenga and onto Mullholland to start th serpentine upward. As her car turns left -- -- a four wheel drive Ford Bronco starts its engine and smoothly pulls in behind her.
7) 0) text: Waiting at the steps of an expensive restaurant are a well-dressed Russian couple in their 60s, ANATOLY, and hi LARISA, a little giddy from the wine they had with dinner seem to be an older couple that’s still very much in love VALET brings up their Jaguar sedan -- and after stepping the driver’s seat, the valet moves to open the door for L With a flourish, Anatoly moves in to open the door instea and Larisa gets in. 20. As Anatoly walks behind the car to get in the driver’s se odd look flashes interrupts his mildly drunken grin for a -- but just for a split second -- as -- ON THE PASSENGER SIDE - THE VALET’S GLOVED HAND smoothly, surreptitiously, slides under the door handle A just touched -~ and removes something --
8) 0) text: Big Ben CHIMES out nine as London traffic takes us into - BOND’S OFFICE - CLOSE ON BOND’S FACE as he smiles slightly -- he’s looking at --
8) 6) dialog: Miss Ponsonby --
8) 8) dialog: Find 007 -- and tell him he’s required in the conference room -- at once -- The intercom clicks off -- and Bond starts for the door -
9) 0) text: This street, near one of the many rivers that crisscross city, is primarily made up of apartment buildings. At the curb in front of one of them, a cab pulls up -- Ma just back from France, pays the driver and takes her two shoulder bags out, heading into the building. As she does
9) 16) text: is coming up fast -- and from this angle we can see the c detonator is right at the top of the third floor --
10) 0) text: arrives just behind Q. Q turns to see Bond -- barely conc his distaste -- and turns his back on him. 25.
10) 4) dialog: Sit down, 007. (motions around table) You know Sir James Molony -- our consulting neurologist -- and the Minister of Defense, of course. : (Bond nods) Are you familiar with Anatoly Razhnov?
10) 6) dialog: "Was" is correct, 007. He suffered a stroke last night at 21:30 GMT. (tamps tobacco in pipe) Sir James? Sir James Molony opens up a medical report --
10) 14) dialog: Razhnov was about to brief us on a program he worked on called "Beurya" -- which translates to "Tempest". All we got out of him was that "Tempest" was a space based offensive weapon -- with the control center in the Russian side of the Arctic. -- who activates --
10) 16) dialog: These photos were taken via satelite two nights ago -- 27. Q zooms the image in on the center screen, CLICKING a computer mouse-type gadget -- the digital photo loses not detail or clarity as the VIEW drops dramatically through black smoke and the raging fire of the Russian base.
10) 17) dialog: -- that’s what’s left of the Russian ICBM base in the Arctic. (contemptuously) The Russian government claims that an "electrical fire" started in a silo, causing a small explosion. Which is --
10) 19) text: In the highly unlikely event that an electrical fire would spread from the silos, here, to the control center here -- Q CLICKS the "mouse" -- and the left screen fills with a image, close up, of the planes’ wreckage.
10) 28) dialog: (gravely) And it could be easily directed at any NATO base -- or any major city -- with devastating consequences. (stands) We can’t be sure if the Russian government is lying to withold this weapon from disarmament talks -- or if some of the old Communist hard-liners are building up to a power grab. The stakes are far too high for us to just sit back and watch. (crosses to Bond) You’re booked on the next flight to Moscow, 007. Find out precisely what this "Tempest" weapon La -- and precisely who has exercised such a sudden interest in it. As M hands Bond the mission folder -- and Bond breaks the seal -- we -- cuT TO: EXT. COUNTRYSIDE NEAR MOSCOW - TREVELYAN’S MANSION - NIGH This is unmistakably a home of 19th century Russian royal the grounds and the house are as enormous as they are orn
11) 0) text: The interior and furnishings are equally fit for a Czar - is clearly how Trevelyan views himself. As we MOVE toward long, long dining room table, we see we’ve arrived at the dinner -- SERVANTS are silently clearing away the dishes. Trevelyan is seated at the head of the table -- twelve luxuriously upholstered chairs run around the rest of it. of the dinner guests we recognize -- Xenia, Savatier, Ale others we don’t. But this is clearly a business gathering American named JORDAN is finishing his report --
11) 15) text: changes his grip on the knife to cut more than fabric -- TG! IN 'S Ss which register pure animal fear -- as the SOUND of the kn PLUNGING through wood, skin and bone finally comes -- -- and Illya is alive. He turns to his right --
11) 19) text: As we leave, things return to normal: Trevelyan clips the off a cigar. One servant begins to pour coffee, serving X first. Another servant brings in a dessert cart. And seve others, without revulsion or even apparent notice of anyt unusual, carry away Tyson’s corpse and chair. curt TO: 32.
12) 0) text: is Moscow’s most spectacular sight -- on one side, the gl the GUM Department Store -- on the other, Lenin’s Tomb at foot of the Kremlin wall. Today the vast, cobblestoned op space is filled with Russians on their lunch hour -- and watching children ice skate near the Kremlin’s many grave
13) 0) text: The oldest part of the Kremlin is a huge palace built for Nicholas I in the Kremlin’s center, the gold and white sp dwarfing the older palaces and government buildings aroun Tonight, the marble staircase leading to the ground floor brightly lit, with lines of limousines discharging stuffy couples in black tie past military guards -- INSIDE THE PALACE - ST. GEORGE’S HALL is the most important, and opulent, locale for Moscow’s a of state. The domed ceiling towers fifty feet over the en room -- and tonight the room is packed, shoulder to shoul with an international crowd of diplomats. Right now, the crowd focuses on the podium, which has a b in Cyrillic and English celebrating "PEACE AND FRIENDSHIP American DIPLOMAT droning at the microphone is just as su
14) 0) text: walks through one of the outer bridges that links the Gra Palace to the surrounding palaces -~ the crowd is sparser Bond walks past a window, his attention is drawn toward a balcony -- his icy demeanor shattered for a moment -- 36. BOND’S POV - TREVELYAN is standing by a railing. He turns and sees Bond —- and a ends the conversation he was engaged in, smiling inviting
15) 0) text: A limousine pulls out of the gate, passing a pair of GUAR
16) 0) text: as he THRASHES through the water, trying to swim off the -- and we see -- THE CENTRAL ROOM OF THE METROPOL’S STEAM BATH which isn’t the tiny, tiled closet Westerners are used to this steam bath is an Olympic sized pool, surrounded by m columns and, by the walls, individual steam rooms. The ce room is completely fogged in with steam. 39. The only illumination is moonlight coming in through the skylight over the pool, and Bond is apparently alone. But swims -- : SOMEONE ELSE’S POV MOVES THROUGH THE STEAM and the darkness, silently --
17) 0) text: The grey, nameless KGB compound is situated on a busy Mos street -- the only clue to its identity is a glimpse of t armed, olive-uniformed guards behind the smoked glass. Bond -- who is wearing a roomy, rugged jacket that fits i the winter wear of the Muscovites around him -- walks pas Lubyanka, and crosses the street just before an electric streetcar CLANGS past. Bond passes the nearby "World of Children" store, turning a corner under a pair of uniform traffic sentries in an elevated booth -- -- at the corner, he enters the glass doors of --
19) 0) text: Several RUSSIAN TECHNICIANS monitor the security console Lubyanka compound -- at least a dozen television monitors the console, along with radios, telephones, and a central computer schematic of the entire compound. There’s also a flashing red light -- as a technician picks up a phone -- -- we notice one monitor which, unlike the others, has a moving rather than stationary point of view, controlled b technician who’s working a joystick -- we follow that POV
19) 72) text: tracking down the street, past the Kremlin and toward the River -- Bond gets his footing on the streetcar’s roof as helicopter lands in a heap next to him -- THE HELICOPTER’S CAMERA LENS WHIRRS and pans toward Bond -- ng W. chi Ss --
20) 0) text: This dark, dusty establishment is devoted to two things: drinking thick Russian coffee and playing chess. There ar several dozen players inside, mostly old men, contemplati other’s moves. There’s little conversation -- what can be here is low and quiet. At one table -- -- Romaly is alone -- but this hasn’t stopped him from pl game of chess anyway. He moves a black piece -- and turns board around. After a moment -- he moves a white piece --
21) 0) text: With the desert behind, and the mountains ahead, it’s cle there’s virtually no civilization in this part of the wor outside of the atomic testing installation in the hills. single paved road leads along the desert up to one of the hilis -- with a matching railroad track that runs paralle The track and the road part company when you reach one of hills -- the track runs down to the hill’s base and a fre entrance -- and the road runs up to a monitoring station on the hill’s top. Access to both is barred by a young Ru guard name tagged ROSSKOVITCH manning a barricade. Today there’s interest in the area -- there are a lot of and trailers, camped out at the checkpoint. Microphones a satelites tell us they’re the press, now swarming around S SPOKESMAN, reading from a statement --
21) 88) text: I don’t think the Russians know how to deactivate it -- and the Americans don’t even know it exists -- Marina is rightly skeptical of Bond --
21) 98) text: as Bond and the other Double-Ohs move up through the tree staying low to the ground -- -- we move back to Bond -- who is creeping along another of wild strawberry bushes -- his eyes fixed on -- BOND'S POV - OUSE’S S. W. OW Trevelyan is removed from the polygraph’s wiring -~ and i roughly shoved out of the room by the Russian guards ~--
21) 103) text: shift from Trevelyan to one of the Russian guards -- Bond fires and the guard falls -- the crosshairs move rapidly the other Russian guard, who Bond also kills -- -- leaving Trevelyan standing, frozen --
22) 0) text: This is the same room we saw earlier -- nicely furnished, roaring in the fireplace, a huge picture window overlooki lake and the rest of the grounds. But the room has some menacing fixtures as well. The room attractively soundproofed -- the picture window’s glass i armored -- a teacart holds a tray with drugs and syringes behind a couch is a polygraph. Clearly this is a room tha be as pleasant -- or as unpleasant -- as the occasion req
22) 83) text: in a fireball of gasoline and munitions as the pilot runs panic away from it -- the explosion flattens across the y 87. -- al fl se) es ur ers m_B an Marina -- AT THE LAKE’S EDGE - BOND and Marina dash across the ice over to the seaplane’s doc -- Bond helps Marina into the passenger side door -- as -
22) 140) text: The helicopter is flown by Trevleyan’s pilot -- he is fla one of Trevelyan’s assassins, who points out the window a not-too-distant column of smoke from the plane wreckage.
22) 185) text: CLOSE ON BOND’S FEET which slip, and catch themselves, on the top of the saws’ base -- an inch off, and the next thing Q’s making is a p prosthetics -- THE HELICOPTER PILOT’S attention is focused on Marina -- he doesn’t notice the a until too late -- he pulls the copter up -- but as he doe
22) 195) text: is bloodied but alive -- he looks in one direction -- the the ice and a thousand foot drop are coming up fast -- th looks in the other direction --
24) 0) text: The train sounds its WHISTLE for the final time -- and pu away from the dingy station -- revealing, on a wooden ben pair of elderly PENSIONERS who can’t believe their luck - they’re wearing Bond and Marina’s outer jackets.
25) 0) text: The place Bond and Marina started from -- but a pair of l ja show Bond’s photo to a ticket agent -- and --
26) 0) text: On the dark side of dawn, the train GRINDS to a slower sp it moves through the city and nears the station --
26) 19) text: ROMALY (cont/d) (beat) I hope you are now ready to leave the country -- while some of it yet remains -~
27) 0) text: The busy heart of St. Petersburg’s growing financial dist crowded with foot traffic, cars and streetcars. It’s also home of St. Petersburg’s best shops, restaurants, busines and banks. Capitalism has definitely arrived. So have
27) 38) text: keeps his full focus on Romaly and Marina, slicing throug crowd effortlessly, with no pushing, no running, nothing would draw attention -- as he pulls a plastic shopping ba of a coat pocket, he strides quickly to pass the position Marina and Romaly -- and he moves behind a column -- -- where he inobtrusively pulls out an automatic pistol - with a silencer and a laser sight -- assuming a natural position, leaning on the column, Savatier puts the gun in bag -- through a hole he can aim across the street -- 112. SAVATIER’S POV - ROMALY AND MARINA move briskly but are not running -- Romaly doesn’t want t attention either -- they don’t notice the red spot of the sight tracking behind them --
27) 50) text: is slowly trotting in their direction -- with two attenda costumed "guardsmen" on their own horses -- 114.
27) 52) text: ~~ Bond savagely sweeps an elbow back into a militiaman’s putting him out -- the second militiaman instantly aims h pistol at Bond, but Bond grabs his gqgunhand -- a SHOT is up into the ceiling -- the instant it’s fired -- -- all of the horses, terrified at the noise, rear up -- the guardsmen are thrown off their horses, tumbling into colorfully garbed heaps on the concrete -- the militiamen endangered in the enclosed space, back up in disarray -- -- Bond charges past the rearing coach horses -~ and leap a riderless guard horse -- Bond reins the horse down and kicking the horse so that it tears away at full gallop do through the arch tunnel -- -- the militiamen who aren’t ducking coach horse kicks ar blocked from shooting at Bond by the coach itself -- due arch tunnel’s curvature, Bond is nearly out of range -- b PUSHKIN’S AIDE manages to get clear -- he draws a gun and aims it at Bon has a perfect shot -- ~- which is spoiled when Pushkin knocks his arm up toward ceiling -- Bond manages to get out of range, rounding the tunnel’s curve -- the aide, astonished, angered, turns to
28) 0) text: is tracking through space silently -- beneath it, a world of targets waits. Meanwhile -- at -- 120.
29) 0) text: This is NATO’s center for controlling their offensive and defensive space systems -- and tracking those of the oppo To that end, a giant screen on one wall has a computer-ge -- with a number of i pinpointed at different positions on it and moving above "earth". Right now the place is crowded with technicians activity -- we go to --
29) 3) dialog: Status, Q?
29) 59) text: VIEW OUTSIDE MOUNTAIN - BOND’S PLANE BURSTS FROM THE CAVE as the EXPLOSION and gaseous trail of fire follows him out -- almost reaching his wings as he outdistances it --
29) 100) text: We’ll notice there’s a key wire -- not a support wire -- from the transmitter to the base of this tower.
30) 0) text: has landed behind it -- as its rotors slow and stop, Bond Marina are at the door of the tower. The tower itself loo a lighthouse -- tall, cylindrical and narrowing as it ris Bond pries the door open with a bar -- and --
31) 0) text: This is the heart of Trevelyan’s control complex -- it lo like the New York Stock Exchange as designed by Ken Adam. room is filled with activity, with COMPUTER TECHNICIANS a on a set of keyboards that control dozens of monitors, in in banks four high along the walls -- each with a sea of and figures in dollars, yen, pounds and deuchmarks.
32) 0) text: circles around it -- further back from the dish is a clif over the ocean, with numerous large caverns cut into it - -- and on top of the volcanic rock, behind one of the tow a flat clearing -- on a hillside near one of the support is a small building that obviously serves as the entrance underground compound, and a maintenance catwalk that lead to the dish’s transmitter.
33) 0) text: This has a decidedly more high-tech look about it than th -- with a pair of guards flanking him, Bond is led from t elevator entrance and through a hall, to --
33) 33) text: The Tempest Two is moving from a far west, far north posi over Canada -- and is tracking south and east rapidly -- -- but to the technician watching this, something’s wrong nervously compares the satelite’s visual position with
33) 55) text: -- a guard who was standing where the catwalk meets the transmitter is thrown to his death -- as he falls, he dro machine gun on the transmitter’s platform -- -- the guard falls five hundred feet into the dish -- his shattering a segment of the dish and punching a hole in i
33) 105) text: is ready to go -- support lines from the towers snap --
33) 114) text: they’re fighting on are loose and can give at any time -- as --
33) 119) text: -- she’s climbing up -- but her swinging is loosening the Strands supporting her as the catwalk burns underneath he
34) 0) text: In the monitoring center, there’s a bustle of activity as tracking screen shows that Tempest has been fired -- Orba rushes up to M and Q with the details --
34) 2) dialog: My God -- that’s where 007’s gone --
35) 0) text: We MOVE in over a striking view of the hills and ocean fr back deck, flickering candlelight the only illumination - trays of fruit and lobster on one table, and a cocktail s dewed with condensation on another --