2) 0) text: sits a bored young COMMUNICATIONS OFFICER who answers the As he speaks, we note that the inside of the station is l than it appears outside -- it’s sunk into the ice, housin array of electronic consoles that control radar monitorin equipment -~ and four Soviet ICBMs housed nearby. Near th consoles, against a wall, we see a tightly sealed vault d note too that there is a sketeton crew for such an import installation -- perhaps a dozen young men.
2) 4) text: The com officer casts a look around at the crew and the equipment. No red lights. No klaxons. No leak.
3) 0) text: As predicted by Trevelyan, a quartet of Migs have been sc -- the last of the four SCREAMS in takeoff from the deck joins the formation to jet toward Severnaya --
4) 0) text: Alexei quickly -- but carefully -- unfastens the switches hold the Tempest laptop in the docking station. As he rem it, its display still works on battery power:
10) 0) text: arrives just behind Q. Q turns to see Bond -- barely conc his distaste -- and turns his back on him. 25.
10) 1) dialog: (frosty) Good morning, 007 --
10) 18) dialog: (can’t contain himself) -- po . (looks to M) If I may? M nods ~- might as well, there’s no stopping him -- Q get his feet and points at the screens --
10) 19) text: In the highly unlikely event that an electrical fire would spread from the silos, here, to the control center here -- Q CLICKS the "mouse" -- and the left screen fills with a image, close up, of the planes’ wreckage.
10) 20) dialog: -- no matter how large an explosion was caused, it couldn’t possibly have claimed these four Russian Migs half a mile to the east.
10) 23) dialog: Precisely my thoughts, 007.
10) 25) dialog: (peeved) Do you ever read my memorandums? (patiently) When a nuclear weapon is discharged, it creates a powerful electromagnetic pulse that totally and instantaneously destroys all non-shielded circuitry, such as in motors, computers, aircraft -- virtually any electronic device. (points to photos) Now, the pattern of the destruction indicates that such a pulse may have been created here -- without a nuclear detonation. If the Russians have figured out how to generate such a pulse artificially -- particularly from outer space --
11) 0) text: The interior and furnishings are equally fit for a Czar - is clearly how Trevelyan views himself. As we MOVE toward long, long dining room table, we see we’ve arrived at the dinner -- SERVANTS are silently clearing away the dishes. Trevelyan is seated at the head of the table -- twelve luxuriously upholstered chairs run around the rest of it. of the dinner guests we recognize -- Xenia, Savatier, Ale others we don’t. But this is clearly a business gathering American named JORDAN is finishing his report --
20) 0) text: This dark, dusty establishment is devoted to two things: drinking thick Russian coffee and playing chess. There ar several dozen players inside, mostly old men, contemplati other’s moves. There’s little conversation -- what can be here is low and quiet. At one table -- -- Romaly is alone -- but this hasn’t stopped him from pl game of chess anyway. He moves a black piece -- and turns board around. After a moment -- he moves a white piece --
22) 0) text: This is the same room we saw earlier -- nicely furnished, roaring in the fireplace, a huge picture window overlooki lake and the rest of the grounds. But the room has some menacing fixtures as well. The room attractively soundproofed -- the picture window’s glass i armored -- a teacart holds a tray with drugs and syringes behind a couch is a polygraph. Clearly this is a room tha be as pleasant -- or as unpleasant -- as the occasion req
22) 185) text: CLOSE ON BOND’S FEET which slip, and catch themselves, on the top of the saws’ base -- an inch off, and the next thing Q’s making is a p prosthetics -- THE HELICOPTER PILOT’S attention is focused on Marina -- he doesn’t notice the a until too late -- he pulls the copter up -- but as he doe
27) 38) text: keeps his full focus on Romaly and Marina, slicing throug crowd effortlessly, with no pushing, no running, nothing would draw attention -- as he pulls a plastic shopping ba of a coat pocket, he strides quickly to pass the position Marina and Romaly -- and he moves behind a column -- -- where he inobtrusively pulls out an automatic pistol - with a silencer and a laser sight -- assuming a natural position, leaning on the column, Savatier puts the gun in bag -- through a hole he can aim across the street -- 112. SAVATIER’S POV - ROMALY AND MARINA move briskly but are not running -- Romaly doesn’t want t attention either -- they don’t notice the red spot of the sight tracking behind them --
27) 52) text: ~~ Bond savagely sweeps an elbow back into a militiaman’s putting him out -- the second militiaman instantly aims h pistol at Bond, but Bond grabs his gqgunhand -- a SHOT is up into the ceiling -- the instant it’s fired -- -- all of the horses, terrified at the noise, rear up -- the guardsmen are thrown off their horses, tumbling into colorfully garbed heaps on the concrete -- the militiamen endangered in the enclosed space, back up in disarray -- -- Bond charges past the rearing coach horses -~ and leap a riderless guard horse -- Bond reins the horse down and kicking the horse so that it tears away at full gallop do through the arch tunnel -- -- the militiamen who aren’t ducking coach horse kicks ar blocked from shooting at Bond by the coach itself -- due arch tunnel’s curvature, Bond is nearly out of range -- b PUSHKIN’S AIDE manages to get clear -- he draws a gun and aims it at Bon has a perfect shot -- ~- which is spoiled when Pushkin knocks his arm up toward ceiling -- Bond manages to get out of range, rounding the tunnel’s curve -- the aide, astonished, angered, turns to
29) 2) dialog: (exasperated) No no no -- (takes over, hits keys) -- like that. Do you see? As Q, disgusted, sits down to completely take over the an work station, M walks over with an American counterpart,
29) 4) dialog: We've analyzed all foreign satelites and their transmissions to try to find what means of camoflage is being used. First by starting with debris of a certain size jettisoned by spacecraft in the past -- Q hits a few keys -- eliminating many of the red dots on global screen --
29) 5) dialog: -- then satelites that seem to have an overlapping or redundant purpose -- © hits the screen again -- leaving only two dots moving a different points on the global display --
29) 6) dialog: -- finally narrowing it down to these two -- which have been broadcasting data in hundred-hour loops -- but they keep repeating the same data randomly. (concludes) So randomly that it’s obviously by design. Another TECHNICIAN at the next terminal turns to Orbach -
34) 0) text: In the monitoring center, there’s a bustle of activity as tracking screen shows that Tempest has been fired -- Orba rushes up to M and Q with the details --
34) 3) dialog: (equally worried) If the Tempest was fired there, there’s no electricity -- no telephones -- no communications of any kind -- (this sounds awful to Q) ~- heaven only knows what survival conditions he’s being forced to deal with. cuT TO: