25) 0) text: Oxford smells the rose, inhaling its essence. Then he turns and sees Francesco escorting Ben Jonson towards him. Before they reach him he glances at his wife ANNE De Vere (40's) who sits in the distance knitting with one of their daughter's, BRIDGET (17). Jonson is quite uncomfortable to be at such a grand place. Jonson CLEARS his throat.
25) 8) text: It did, however, serve as helpful when I wrote to your jailers to release you in my father-in-law's name. Jonson suddenly looks worried and turns and looks back to Anne. JONSON
25) 10) text: Don't be an idiot Jonson, of course it wasn't. (beat) But you are free, are you not? They have come to an entrance to a GARDEN MAZE and Anne watches them as they disappear into the maze.
29) 1) text: (more commanding) Robert! Come here. Finally Boy Robert Cecil turns and sees Young Oxford (now 17) entering the hallway with William Cecil and his wife and daughter, Young ANNE (15). In front of them, lined up, are several men whom we will learn are TUTORS. Boy Robert Cecil doesn't move. WILLIAM CECIL (CONT'D)
29) 3) text: May I present my wife, Lady Cecil, and my daughter, Anne. Young Anne curtsies. YOUNG ANNE
38) 0) text: And Young Oxford and Anne are being married by a bishop.
47) 0) text: Jonson exits Oxford's study, still amazed at the manuscript as he walks. He passes ANNE, Oxford's wife (now 40's), who is on her way to the study with their eldest daughter, BRIDGET (17). She watches him go by and immediately realizes that she has seen him before. But she stays silent.
48) 0) text: Oxford is writing at a desk as Anne enters.
48) 1) dialog: Who was that man?    I've seen him before. Oxford holds up a finger to prevent her from speaking while he finishes writing a thought. It's a long thought. Anne is obviously annoyed, and interrupts him.
48) 2) dialog: Edward-- we must discuss our Bridget's dowry.
48) 5) dialog: She cannot go into marriage without a dowry that is becoming to the daughter of the Earl Oxford.
48) 9) dialog: (furious)
48) 11) text: Nero fiddled whilst Rome burned. And then he goes back to writing. ANNE
48) 12) text: For god's sake, who cares Edward? When your own daughter can't even have a suitable dowry? She stares at him. ANNE (CONT'D)
48) 14) text: Anne-- If you could have seen them-- the mob... They, they didn't just sit there like the reptilia of court, faces motionless, fangs momentarily retracted. No! They, they jumped on stage, they fought the French! A butcher-- he actually broke his arm! He was so-- ANNE
48) 15) text: Stop!   Stop it at once!! Anne storms over and grabs the parchment from under him, and begins RIPPING it up. ANNE (CONT'D)
48) 17) text: The voices, Anne... The voices. I, I can't stop them... They, they come when I sleep, when I wake, when I sup, when I, I, I walk down a hall! The sweet longings of a maiden, the, the surging ambitions of a courtier, the foul designs of a murderer, the wretched pleas of his victims.    Only- - only when I put their words-- their voices-- to parchment are they cast loose, freed... Only then is my mind... quieted... at peace. Anne steps back, frightened of him.
48) 19) dialog: Art thou possessed? He stares back at her.   A long beat
49) 0) text: Shakespeare and Jonson are walking along London Bridge-- the only bridge that spanned the Thames at the time, it is a street lined with multi-storied buildings-- almost like a mall. Shakespeare caries and reads from a manuscript of "Romeo and Juliet"
51) 0) text: Twenty-eight years earlier. A dance is taking place. YOUNG OXFORD-- now 20 is dancing with Young Anne.     But his eyes are on: Young Elizabeth, who is dancing with the Spanish AMBASSADOR.
51) 2) text: There is a natural change in the music, and all the dancers switch partners-- it's part of the dance. Young Oxford goes to Young Elizabeth, the Spanish Ambassador goes to Anne.
69) 7) text: Most of the Catholic princes of Europe wish to topple you and end your Protestant reign... The only things that stop them are the channel, and the hope that they might marry you, and thereby achieve your realm through other means. Young Elizabeth hears him, thinks on it, then begins pacing again. YOUNG ELIZABETH
88) 0) text: Young Anne de Vere holds her sleeping daughter in her arms.
149) 13) text: Do I? (beat) Why do you think he worked so hard to become your guardian after your father died? He had it all planned years in advance. He would teach you everything he knew about statecraft, marry his daughter, and, after Elizabeth's death, proclaim you heir. His own grandchild to follow you on the throne. But he couldn't possibly predict what kind of failure you would become. How you would fail in politics, ignore your estates to the point of bankruptcy, all to write... (sneers) Poetry. (beat) Or that you would commit incest. (MORE)
152) 0) text: Oxford is sitting in a chair, watching the river Thames, alone. Snow is falling and Oxford is covered in a thick blanket. He looks ill. Anne walks up behind him.
152) 1) dialog: Sentence has been passed. Oxford looks over at her.   Anne smiles.   This news gives her great pleasure.
152) 2) dialog: They are to be be-headed. (with venom)
162) 0) text: The servant guides Jonson towards Oxford's bedroom just as Anne and a DOCTOR emerge from it. She recognizes him.
162) 1) dialog: (to servant)
162) 3) dialog: (to Jonson)
162) 6) dialog: And I am dismissing you-- A SECOND DOCTOR exits the sick man's room.
164) 0) text: Jonson leaves Oxford's room, visibly shaken.    The manuscripts are under his arm. Anne, Oxford's wife is still there, surround by doctors. Then she sees Jonson leaving.
164) 1) dialog: Get out! You, your friends, your blasphemous theaters, have brought nothing but ruin and dishonor to this family.
166) 0) text: A few hours later. Oxford has died in his bed. Anne watches as a doctor covers his face with a sheet.
167) 0) text: A casket is being interred into the family mausoleum. Anne is there, as are Oxford's children. So is Robert Cecil.