24) 0) text: Jonson is in a nobleman's longboat (for the first time in his life). Across from him sits FRANCESCO-- Italian, 60's-- wearing a doublet with the Oxford coat of arms on its chest. The City of London is far in the distance. Jonson looks around uncomfortably at the luxurious boat for a moment before--
24) 2) text: Francesco just stares back.
24) 4) text: Francesco is silent.
25) 0) text: Oxford smells the rose, inhaling its essence. Then he turns and sees Francesco escorting Ben Jonson towards him. Before they reach him he glances at his wife ANNE De Vere (40's) who sits in the distance knitting with one of their daughter's, BRIDGET (17). Jonson is quite uncomfortable to be at such a grand place. Jonson CLEARS his throat.
25) 7) text: Lord William Cecil. I have the questionable distinction of being married to his only daughter. Oxford looks over to his wife who watches them suspiciously. He begins to walk away forcing Jonson and Francesco to follow. OXFORD (CONT'D)
26) 8) text: Francesco. Francesco steps forward and hands Jonson a leather bound manuscript. Jonson looks at it confused and opens it.
26) 24) dialog: That is for your trouble, Signor Jonson. And your silence. If I hear you break that silence, then... not so good for Signor Jonson. And Francesco follows after his master as Jonson picks up the pouch, examining its contents. And then Jonson realizes he doesn't know how to get out of the maze. He chases after them.
76) 14) dialog: Signor?    Signor?!
79) 0) text: Jonson is waiting not far from him by a stand and drinks an ale. Then Oxford's servant, Francesco, appears. After the two men have exchanged couple of words, Francesco gives Jonson a leather folder containing a manuscript and a purse jingling with coin. Jonson takes them and leaves. Jonson safely gone, Shakespeare starts to follow Francesco who heads back over the bridge.
80) 0) text: Shakespeare is in a small boat following Francesco, who is in Oxford's boat. They head towards Oxford Stone.
81) 0) text: Shakespeare watches as Francesco enters Oxford Stone.
82) 0) text: Shakespeare is waiting, clearly uncomfortable. It's not the kind of room he's used to being in. He holds his wig and his nose. A door opens, and Oxford enters, walking on a stick because of his leg injury. He is followed by his servant, Francesco.
82) 6) text: And if, if your lordship doesn't agree to an increase in my, ah, fee, I shall be forced to make certain... facts public. FRANCESCO
82) 8) text: I am addressing the writer of Hamlet... of Juliet and her Romeo.   Am I not? Oxford is silent. Francesco goes to physically eject Shakespeare from the room. FRANCESCO
82) 10) text: Wait! (beat) How much? Shakespeare looks at Francesco, then Oxford. SHAKESPEARE
82) 11) text: Four hundred pounds. A year. FRANCESCO
82) 13) text: Pay him. Francesco is shocked.
84) 1) dialog: Forgive me for speaking of things above my place or understanding, signor. But... Is this wise? They have already tried to kill you once.
105) 0) text: It looks like an armed camp, with part of Essex's army encamped in the front courtyard. The soldiers are all tense. Oxford, followed only by Francesco, rides into the courtyard. He is immediately surrounded by armed men, their muskets pointed at him. Oxford raises his hands.
108) 0) text: A room for the whores to take their tricks.    Small, with nothing much beyond a straw bed. Shakespeare is bedding a buxom young lady. And then the door OPENS. Francesco enters, and Oxford follows, holding a manuscript. Shakespeare looks shocked. She starts to SCREAM and yell as she pulls a sheet to cover herself.
108) 1) dialog: (to the whore)
108) 3) dialog: (to the whore)
123) 0) text: Oxford is being dressed in front of a mirror...    His finest clothes... Powder to face... Francesco assists him.
127) 7) dialog: in the audience. But among the Groundlings, not in Oxford's usual box seat.
134) 2) dialog: A pox on Cecil!
136) 2) dialog: Down with Cecil!
136) 3) text: The actor playing "Gloucester" hesitates.     The audienc is getting unruly. FRANCESCO (CONT'D)
136) 9) text: I don't know, I don't know! But, the Tower-- Cecil, he already knows. He knows! (looks at Francesco)
136) 18) dialog: To Essex House! To Essex House! Death to Cecil! Traitor! A moment as the whole audience thinks on this. And then these chants are repeated by hundreds in the audience as they are pushing towards exits. And Jonson-- still struggling to reach Francesco-- is carried along with the mob.
143) 2) dialog: Signor Jonson! We are betrayed!    Run! Run!
143) 3) text: Jonson looks on in horror as Francesco is KILLED by a soldier wielding a pike.