3) 0) text: The man with the umbrella stands on the empty stage, a single light on him. He is "PROLOGUE". (We will see the same actor later as the "Prologue" of Henry V). "Prologue" regards his audience for a   beat before:
3) 1) dialog: Soul of the Age! The applause, delight, the wonder of our stage! Our Shakespeare, rise... (beat, repeating)
3) 7) dialog: He died at the age of 56, and was survived by his wife and two daughters who were, like Shakespeare's own father, irrefutably illiterate.
3) 12) text: Our Shakespeare is a cypher, a ghost; his biography made not by history... but by conjecture. His story not written with facts, but with... imagination. The rain has intensified. "Prologue" turns and the camera starts to leave him and the TITLES END.... PROLOGUE (CONT'D) (more energetic)
3) 13) text: So! Let me offer you a different story. A darker story... Of quills and swords. Of power and betrayal. Of a stage conquered, and a throne lost! A FLASH OF LIGHTNING, and for a moment only sheets of RAIN are visible. No stage, no "Prologue". Then, trough the rain, we see a form of a man... Ben Jonson... running. Then we make out the shapes of houses... a street. We're not on a stage anymore. We are:
172) 4) dialog: O-- for a muse of fire... that would ascend the brightest heaven of invention...
172) 7) dialog: A kingdom for a stage, princes to act, and monarchs to behold the swelling scene!
173) 1) dialog: Let us, ciphers to this great accompt, on your imaginary forces work. King James' watches enthusiastically, Robert Cecil right next to him.
174) 0) text: "Prologue" turns and addresses his audience (and us) in the modern theater.
174) 1) dialog: Robert Cecil remained the most powerful man in the Court of King James, though he could not prevent the public theaters from becoming ever more popular. William Shakespeare, however, spent the remaining years of his life not in the playhouses of London, but in the small town of his birth, Stratford upon Avon, as a businessman and grain merchant. (beat)