13) 47) text: This play has been declared seditious and illegal by Lord William Cecil! The audience begins to BOO at the mention of Cecil. POLE (CONT'D)
13) 49) text: Why don't you disperse William Cecil's arse! POLE
16) 3) text: Henry... Some of my men have... intercepted... some of William Cecil's recent correspondence with King James of Scotland... Southampton pauses in clothing himself.   This is serious. ESSEX (CONT'D)
16) 11) text: Think, Henry, if James owes Cecil his throne, Cecil will have more influence in the next reign than he does in this one. And after William Cecil, his hunch-backed son will take his place... (careful) That is why we must do everything in our power to ensure that the right man succeeds her. (beat) A man deserving of the Tudor crown. Southampton stiffens at that last phrase. ESSEX (CONT'D)
22) 16) text: (charmed) Why, Lord Cecil, it seems we may very well have found your replacement. WILLIAM CECIL
22) 19) text: And how liked you our young lord's play, William? William Cecil stiffens in discomfort.
22) 21) text: Our Lord Cecil is our most religious of subjects, and no doubt thinks your little masque will deliver your soul straight into the arms of Lucifer himself. Don't you, William? The Boy Oxford looks at William Cecil, perplexed by such a thing.
22) 22) dialog: That is God's decision, your majesty. Not mine. William Cecil looks directly at John de Vere resulting in an uncomfortable silence. Elizabeth notices.
25) 7) text: Lord William Cecil. I have the questionable distinction of being married to his only daughter. Oxford looks over to his wife who watches them suspiciously. He begins to walk away forcing Jonson and Francesco to follow. OXFORD (CONT'D)
27) 0) text: Robert Cecil is standing at the opulent river   entrance to Cecil House, waiting for an enormous barge   docking. William Cecil (now 75) is at the front of the   barge, waiting to disembark. He constantly holds an    ornately carved white cane.
27) 1) dialog: So! I am gone for three days, and you somehow manage to let her spend all of them solely in the company of the Earl of Essex... Robert Cecil looks at him sharply.   How did he know.
27) 2) dialog: Don't think because I was in London, I didn't know exactly what went on here in my absence.
27) 4) dialog: Of course not! You don't deny him anything. You find excuses. She is unwell, she is reading, she is seeing the Ambassador from Russia. For God's sake, use your imagination, Robert. Whatever will you do when I am gone? (beat)
28) 0) text: William Cecil enters an impressive hallway and turns to his son.
28) 1) dialog: Now tell me about the play. Robert Cecil looks surprised for an instant that he knows about that as well.
28) 3) dialog: Of course he did. (concerned)
28) 6) dialog: ...And dancing asses? Robert looks surprised at his father who has stopped suddenly.
28) 7) dialog: (realizing, to himself)
28) 11) dialog: And do you know how long it took me to banish them from her presence? She adores them! Adores them! And Edward knows it. (beat)
28) 14) dialog: (thinking, to himself)
28) 20) dialog: Robert.
29) 0) text: And it is thirty years earlier. BOY ROBERT CECIL (now 9) is staring out of the window. His back must have been deformed either in utero or at birth, because even now he is hunchbacked. WILLIAM CECIL(O.S.)
29) 1) text: (more commanding) Robert! Come here. Finally Boy Robert Cecil turns and sees Young Oxford (now 17) entering the hallway with William Cecil and his wife and daughter, Young ANNE (15). In front of them, lined up, are several men whom we will learn are TUTORS. Boy Robert Cecil doesn't move. WILLIAM CECIL (CONT'D)
29) 2) text: (to Young Oxford) I am sorry, my lord. But my son Robert prefers the company... of himself... Boy Robert Cecil watches as his father turns to his mother and sister. WILLIAM CECIL (CONT'D)
29) 7) text: Why? WILLIAM CECIL
29) 8) text: Because the Queen has bade it so. (to Young Oxford) My lord, when we first met, you said you wished to become a great man of State. Both the Queen and I hope to make that so. (MORE) WILLIAM CECIL (CONT'D)
29) 10) text: Monsieur. Ca me fait plaisir de vous connaitre. Master Crane bows his head. WILLIAM CECIL
29) 14) text: No.   Plato. Boy Robert frowns at the correction. WILLIAM CECIL
29) 16) text: (in Latin) Continetne, ut spero, Ovidii Metamorphose? Mihi honori erit, patrue Mister Golding bows his head in appreciation. WILLIAM CECIL
29) 17) text: Then cosmography with Doctor Richards. Two to three is geography and history, and four to five fencing. William Cecil seems to have finished.
29) 20) dialog: This is a Puritan home, your grace. We believe such activities to be the worship of false idols, and therefore a sin before the eyes of God.
29) 22) dialog: Not in this household.
36) 1) dialog: King Philip of Spain sees the current Catholic revolt in Ireland as a weakness of ours. A weakness to be exploited.... Elizabeth's wig is being glued into place. ELIZABETH
36) 6) text: Replace?   With whom? William Cecil hesitates slightly, then-- WILLIAM CECIL
36) 8) text: Essex?  To Ireland? (frowns) For how long? WILLIAM CECIL
36) 10) text: Impossible. He cannot be spared. We feel his counsel is of greater import with each passing day. Not what William Cecil wanted to hear. WILLIAM CECIL
36) 12) text: Philip of Spain dreams still of taking your kingdom from you. (MORE) WILLIAM CECIL (CONT'D)
36) 14) text: But Essex? WILLIAM CECIL
36) 16) text: And who would you advise to replace him? Three ladies-in-waiting approach with three different gown. Elizabeth studies them as: WILLIAM CECIL
36) 18) text: Your son? WILLIAM CECIL
36) 21) text: I saw a play this last weekend, William. It made me think of... days long past. Of memories... long past. Long past. I should like to see more of them... Has Edward been happy, William? With your daughter? William Cecil doesn't answer. Instead he thinks, remembers, as we hear his younger voice...
36) 22) dialog: Murdered!
37) 0) text: Thirty years earlier. William Cecil is standing in front of an enormous fireplace, pacing in a pique of anger.
37) 1) dialog: By your own hand!
37) 3) dialog: He was doing my bidding!
37) 7) dialog: Enough! Thou shalt not worship false idols in my household! Your everlasting soul hangs in the balance. Not poems. Your soul!
37) 9) dialog: You have placed me in a grave position, Edward.
37) 11) dialog: I cannot have my reputation soiled by this regrettable lack of control on your part... No. I will not have it. We can claim self-defense, he drew sword first. (beat)
37) 13) dialog: My daughter is young, impressionable. She has feelings for you, Edward. It is to be expected, living in such close quarters...
37) 15) dialog: Hold your tongue, Edward, before you make a claim you cannot retract! I have been legally reimbursed for your education and living expenses.
37) 17) dialog: No. This is how I suggest you keep your noble head from the executioner's block.
38) 2) dialog: appears triumphant.   He looks beaming over to...
45) 4) text: William Cecil's convinced the Queen that only Essex can save Ireland from the Revolt. Oxford processes this. SOUTHAMPTON (CONT'D)
51) 13) dialog: Follows his daughter's look. He doesn't like what he sees any more than Young Anne does.
54) 1) dialog: Where is her majesty? Bessie turns to William Cecil.
60) 0) text: An actor playing "POLONIUS" does an obvious caricature of William Cecil, dressed in black with an exaggerated rendition of Cecil's beard.
63) 0) text: Elizabeth is still scratching her chest, but more vigorously as some of the members of court give uncomfortable glances at each other over the death of William Cecil-- er "Polonius" onstage.
65) 3) text: William Cecil was murdered?
66) 0) text: Robert Cecil is furious, pacing back and forth in front of William Cecil, who sits behind a large wooden desk. William Cecil is pale and sweaty-- he is deathly ill, and sits in a wooden chair with small spoked wheels attached to the legs-- sort of an Elizabethan wheelchair.
66) 2) dialog: No, Robert, think. If he is really as popular as you say, we would only anger the mob. No. We must strike at Edward directly. William Cecil slowly-- and shakily-- bends down from his chair as--
66) 4) dialog: (angry)
66) 6) dialog: (gentler)
66) 8) dialog: From King James of Scotland. Robert Cecil looks surprised.
67) 0) text: Robert Cecil is pushing William Cecil in his wheelchair. They are completely alone.
67) 1) dialog: James knows of the Queen's affection for Essex... and the rumors of his birth. He is justly concerned. (beat)
67) 4) dialog: I am dying, Robert-- (before Robert can protest)
68) 2) dialog: Help me to my bed, my son. (Robert Cecil does so)
68) 4) dialog: You will write to James that I am gravely ill, but that all is in hand. Much of the Privy Council has already secretly agreed to his ascension to the English throne due to your tireless, but secret, entreaties on his behalf. (beat)
68) 6) dialog: This is how kings are made, Robert. So it was with Elizabeth, and so it shall ever be. There were many rival claims to her throne, but none survived to make their claim. James must know that you will do the same for him, and he will reward you for it. (beat)
68) 7) text: But we must do one thing more... William Cecil has a coughing fit-- reaches for a glass vial of medicine at his bedside-- takes it.
68) 8) dialog: Like Essex, Edward must be removed.
68) 10) text: Edward? William Cecil is slowly falling asleep...
68) 11) dialog: He uses the tools at his disposal, as we use the tools at ours. But ours will win... as they always have.
68) 14) dialog: Edward seeks what we seek.   To choose the next King. Off Robert Cecil's surprised face we hear:
69) 0) text: Twenty seven years earlier. Young Elizabeth is pacing, terribly agitated. Bessie, the lady-in-waiting we have seen constantly at her side is the only other person present. WILLIAM CECIL
69) 2) text: Two cycles have passed, my lord. William Cecil thinks. YOUNG ELIZABETH
69) 3) text: I wish to marry him... William Cecil looks startled. WILLIAM CECIL
69) 5) text: I can do what I will. WILLIAM CECIL
69) 6) text: Can you? She gives him a sharp look. WILLIAM CECIL (CONT'D)
69) 8) text: I love him... WILLIAM CECIL
69) 9) text: Would you risk your throne for him? Would you risk England for him? He knows the answer to that. WILLIAM CECIL (CONT'D)
69) 11) dialog: After the birth, I will find a suitable house for the child to be reared in. Young Elizabeth is uncertain.
69) 13) dialog: He must never know.
70) 0) text: A simple, cold space, like William Cecil himself. William Cecil is alone in prayer. A few beats, then he senses he is not alone. He turns and sees Young Oxford (still 20).
70) 2) dialog: I am praying.
70) 4) text: She won't see me! I've gone to her chambers three times, and she will not receive me. And now she's gone! William Cecil regards Young Oxford for a beat, then stands.
70) 5) dialog: She's on Progress. With this he leaves the chapel.
71) 3) dialog: The Queen does not ask for my advice about matters of the heart, Edward. If she had, she hardly would have chosen you for her pleasure. He has a point.
71) 4) dialog: You must have known her eye would move elsewhere, Edward. It always has. You are neither the first, nor the last, of her lovers. Young Oxford looks up at him like a bucket of cold water has hit him. William Cecil stops. He looks at Oxford with a stern face.
71) 5) dialog: Go back to my daughter, Edward. She will accept you with open arms, as she always has. Behave as your great title demands you behave. Tend to your estates, your investments. (a beat)
72) 3) text: Why do you think Will hasn't been arrested? You or I make the slightest joke about a nobleman of no consequence, and we find ourselves in a cell quicker than a fart spreads in the trade winds. Will-- he murders a caricature of old William Cecil himself, and still whores all the way to Westminster and back. JONSON
89) 1) dialog: I cannot be certain, majesty, when the... relationship began.
90) 0) text: Young Elizabeth looks out a window, obviously distressed. William Cecil is across from her, his face tense.
90) 1) dialog: But sometime soon after your return to Court.
90) 3) dialog: They-- they haven't been very discreet, majesty. I presume he wanted you to know. To... to hurt you. She is crushed.
90) 4) dialog: Majesty, there is more. The lady is pregnant. Young Elizabeth freezes, stunned.   Then--
91) 0) text: From high above, we see a carriage arrive.    It stops, and William Cecil gets out.
92) 0) text: Young Oxford (now 26) is looking out a window at the river beyond. He has been imprisoned for some months. His beard has become ragged, his clothes have seen better days. William Cecil enters.
92) 1) dialog: Your whore gave birth last week. Young Oxford turns to William Cecil. The stare at each other for a beat. WILLIAM CECIL (CONT'D)
92) 3) text: Banished...? WILLIAM CECIL
92) 4) text: No. You have the freedom of the kingdom. Just not of the Court. (beat) Those are her terms. Here are mine. You will go back to my daughter. You will make some effort to make her happy and you will finally act according to your station in life, and accept the responsibilities of your great title. Oxford reluctantly NODS.    William Cecil goes to leave. YOUNG OXFORD
92) 5) text: My lord!     I, too, have a condition. William Cecil turns. YOUNG OXFORD (CONT'D)
92) 6) text: I will go back to your daughter if... You tell me the name of the child. WILLIAM CECIL
92) 8) text: No.   The other one. Cecil's face goes to stone. WILLIAM CECIL
92) 12) dialog: There is no record of his true birth, no trail that leads to you, or the... mother. His foster parents never knew the truth, and both are now dead...
92) 14) dialog: Make even a hint of this to the child, or anyone else, and this agreement is void, and I'll see your head on the block within a fortnight. And the boy's as well.
94) 0) text: Twenty-five years later. William Cecil's body is in state, in his coffin, in the center of the apse.