20) 10) text: We see Elizabeth watching. But it is an Elizabeth only 26 years old (referred to as YOUNG ELIZABETH in this script). We HEAR the sound of other dialogue, but from the same play. We are:
21) 0) text: Thirty-eight years earlier. And YOUNG ELIZABETH watches an earlier, slightly less sophisticated staging of "A Midsummer Night's Dream" (the costumes and sets are a bit more thrown together). All the actors are children from 7-12 years old or so.
21) 9) dialog: Lovely.    Lovely!
22) 1) dialog: Ah!    There he is. Young Elizabeth and her senior Court, including William Cecil and John De Vere, have entered. Boy Oxford bows deeply.
22) 2) dialog: (to Boy Oxford)
22) 5) dialog: You sport with me. (smiling)
22) 9) text: On what subject, your grace? She thinks.   Then-- YOUNG ELIZABETH
22) 11) text: (thinks, then--) For... Truth... is Truth... Though... never so old... and time cannot make that false, which once was true. She smiles, claps. YOUNG ELIZABETH
22) 13) text: Madam, I am as accomplished with the sword and the musket as I am with verse. YOUNG ELIZABETH
22) 15) text: (nods seriously) It is my only desire to one day be your majesty's most trusted servant in matters both of war and state, if you will but have me. YOUNG ELIZABETH
22) 18) dialog: (teasing)
22) 20) dialog: (to Boy Oxford, conspiratorially)
22) 23) dialog: Well, if plays are indeed such a sin, I pray I do not find my salvation until very late in life. Boy Oxford smiles.   He might very well be in love.
38) 4) dialog: Who presides over the whole affair. The first time we see a dress on her which makes her truly regal.
51) 0) text: Twenty-eight years earlier. A dance is taking place. YOUNG OXFORD-- now 20 is dancing with Young Anne.     But his eyes are on: Young Elizabeth, who is dancing with the Spanish AMBASSADOR.
51) 1) dialog: seems less than interested in her dancing partner.    She STARES intently back at Young Oxford.
51) 2) text: There is a natural change in the music, and all the dancers switch partners-- it's part of the dance. Young Oxford goes to Young Elizabeth, the Spanish Ambassador goes to Anne.
51) 4) text: My lord of Oxford. Elizabeth smiles. YOUNG ELIZABETH (CONT'D)
51) 6) text: Did he? YOUNG ELIZABETH
51) 8) text: Much of the Court is watching this.   They can tell there are sparks between them. All the dancers change partners, including Elizabeth and Oxford. A few dance moves, and Oxford once again finds himself with Elizabeth. YOUNG ELIZABETH (CONT'D)
51) 10) text: If I had known my absence would cause your grace so much... longing, I would have returned much-- much-- sooner. Was that a come-on?    Young Elizabeth decides to find out. YOUNG ELIZABETH
51) 15) text: If she is, it is but a small comfort to me. I am returned only under my father-in-law's insistence. A beat as this sinks in. YOUNG ELIZABETH (surprised)
53) 0) text: Young Elizabeth and Young Oxford, both on horseback, unaccompanied, trot over a small bridge.
55) 0) text: Young Elizabeth and Young Oxford share flirty glances, and then Young Elizabeth spurs her horse to a gallop, and dashes into the fog. Young Oxford immediately follows.
56) 0) text: A servant places a silver plate filled with shucked oysters onto a table filled with quail, venison, wine, etc... Young Elizabeth sits across from Young Oxford.   It's just the two of them dining.
56) 1) dialog: And which country did you like the most on your travels, my lord?
56) 3) dialog: And why is that? The weather?       The food?
56) 5) dialog: The women?
57) 0) text: A door SLAMS open, and Young Elizabeth and Young Oxford dash in, ripping each others clothes off in the fireplace-lit room. Young Elizabeth gently pushes Young Oxford towards her throne... She kisses him. Then begin to make love. On the throne.
57) 3) dialog: I can't decide. Are you Prince Hal...? Or Romeo? No. Benedick, maybe...? No--
57) 6) text: Puck? YOUNG ELIZABETH
57) 8) text: Ah, but Puck would never fight for you in the Netherlands... YOUNG ELIZABETH
57) 10) text: Well, why not? It's an open secret on the continent that you support the rebels against Spain-- and that you are commissioning Englishmen to help their cause. Spain's loss is England's gain, is it not? Her eyes narrow as she studies his face. YOUNG ELIZABETH
57) 12) text: No.   No-- of course not--    I-- She stands, wrapped in her sheets, furious at the thought of once more being used. YOUNG ELIZABETH
57) 14) text: Bess-- YOUNG ELIZABETH
57) 23) text: (passionately) You will stay in England... And in... my chambers... The flash of disappointment on Young Oxford's face about that last bit is tempered by Young Elizabeth's sheet falling to the floor. They begin to make love passionately once more.
68) 15) dialog: I am with child...
69) 0) text: Twenty seven years earlier. Young Elizabeth is pacing, terribly agitated. Bessie, the lady-in-waiting we have seen constantly at her side is the only other person present. WILLIAM CECIL
69) 1) text: Are you certain? Young Elizabeth turns to Bessie. BESSIE
69) 2) text: Two cycles have passed, my lord. William Cecil thinks. YOUNG ELIZABETH
69) 4) text: Marry him, your grace? He is already married. YOUNG ELIZABETH
69) 7) text: Most of the Catholic princes of Europe wish to topple you and end your Protestant reign... The only things that stop them are the channel, and the hope that they might marry you, and thereby achieve your realm through other means. Young Elizabeth hears him, thinks on it, then begins pacing again. YOUNG ELIZABETH
69) 12) dialog: And Edward?
85) 0) text: Twenty-five years earlier. Young Oxford (now 25 and with a beard) is making love to someone. We can't tell who at first, and assume it is Elizabeth. And then we see, it's BESSIE, Young Elizabeth's lady-in-waiting.
90) 0) text: Young Elizabeth looks out a window, obviously distressed. William Cecil is across from her, his face tense.
90) 2) dialog: You're sure?
90) 5) dialog: Arrest them.    Arrest them both! William Cecil bows and exits. Now alone, Young Elizabeth lets her emotions out.   She picks up a vase and THROWS it into a wall.