2) 34) text: They turn to see... A beautiful, blonde, ruffled-haired angel swinging her  purse in a circle. Her name is ALYSSA.  She's the  striking Girl from the panel who didn't get to say much.
2) 35) dialog: ...and the King of Pop when you're  nor.
2) 37) dialog: (shoves and slaps him) Always before I get to speak!  I swear  - the next con I attend and they ask  me to be on the minority panel, if I  see your name anywhere near the List,  I'm passing.
2) 39) dialog: I just wish I was the one who gets to  shoot you.
2) 45) dialog: (to Banky) Oh. You trace!
2) 48) dialog: Lose the dick or change your skin tone  and we can get to know each other on  panel after panel while the Pink Black  Panther here plays Chuck D. for the  fanboys.
2) 69) text: Banky and Hooper exit, leaving Alyssa and Holden alone at the table.
2) 70) dialog: Is he always Like that!
2) 72) dialog: Please.  How bad could it have been!
2) 74) dialog: And your parochial school  misadventures!
2) 76) dialog: Aren't you the sharp wit!
2) 78) text: Alyssa laughs.  Holden smiles.
2) 79) dialog: (looking OC) You play darts!
2) 82) dialog: So your new book seems to be selling  like mad.
2) 84) dialog: Uh-oh - the cry from the heart of a  real artist trapped in commercial hell  - pitying his good fortune.  I'm sure  you can dry your eyes on all those fat  checks you rake in.
2) 86) dialog: Nope.  I'm happy my stuff gets read at  all.  There's very little market for  hearts and flowers in this spandex- clad, big pecs, big tits, big guns  field.  If I sell two issues, I feel  like John Grisham.
2) 90) dialog: Bubbly guy like that, it's hard to  figure out why.
2) 92) dialog: That's not love.
2) 94) dialog: That out there!  That's fleeting.
2) 96) dialog: Uh-huh.  You wanna hear about love!   Oh, I'll tell you about love.
2) 98) dialog: The story.  The original love story.
2) 100) dialog: Nope.  My mother's uncle.  He was a  millionaire.
2) 102) dialog: I kid you not.
2) 104) dialog: All through high school, he dated this  one girl.  They  were inseparable.   And when they graduated, she went off  to Carnegie Mellon...
2) 106) dialog: I'm impressed.  So he stays in the  home town, and they begin their long- distance relationship.  The plan is,  on the  third Sunday of every month,  he'll train out, spend a week then  train back They do this for four  years.
2) 108) dialog: Not nearly finished.  Two months  before she's going to graduate, he's  got this job digging graves, and he  comes across...
2) 110) dialog: A steamer trunk containing silver  ingots.
2) 112) dialog: Many, many silver ingots.  Now, my  mother's uncle being quite the  ingenious chap - he buries the trunk   again and heads up to the main office,  where he proceeds to purchase a  cemetery plot.  Guess which one?
2) 114) dialog: So now he owns the plot and all of its  contents.  Two  days later, my  mother's uncle is worth three million.
2) 116) dialog: Not even close.  Inside the steamer  trunk, stenciled into the wood, or  something like that, is a curse.
2) 118) dialog: Not that kind of curse.  A cryptic  curse "Great fortune means great loss"  it said.
2) 120) dialog: The same kind of asshole that buries  silver ingots.  The day my mother's  uncle is heading out to see the girl,  he stops at his accountant's to grab  some cash, and winds up missing his  train.  So he has to take the next one  - which he does - and he gets there an  hour later than his usual time of  arrival, whereupon he sees lights.
2) 122) dialog: It seems that while she was standing  on the platform waiting that extra  hour for my mother's uncle to show up,  the girl was dragged into the bushes  by an unknown assailant, raped and  gutted.
2) 123) text: Holden is silent Alyssa downs her drink.
2) 124) dialog: The assailant was never apprehended.
2) 126) dialog: Yes, and here's why: my mother's uncle  rode that train every day for the rest  of his life.  One day up, the next day  back.  Did that 'till the day he died.   He donated the fortune he'd acquired  to the train station in Pittsburgh, to  have a well-lit terminal built.   The train line let him ride for free  after that.
2) 128) dialog: That's my love story.
2) 129) text: Alyssa tosses her last dart.  Holden seems a bit dazed.   He looks out the window.
2) 131) dialog: I told you It wasn't love. (grabs her purse) I gotta split.  It was really nice  meeting you.  I wish you the best of  luck with your book. (shakes his hand) Tell Hooper I'll call him later.  And  tell your friend to calm down.
2) 132) text: Alyssa exits to the night.  Holden stares after her.  Two beats later, Hooper and Banky enter, holding an  'Everything's Archie' comic between them.
4) 21) text: ON THE DANCE FLOOR - in the middle of a thrall of people dances Alyssa.  She moves like a cat and she's looking  very sexy.
4) 34) text: ON THE DANCE FLOOR - Holden slips into the crowd and  dances up to Alyssa.  He intentionally bumps into her.
4) 36) dialog: Well, well, well - Bluntman himself.   Or should I call you Chronic!
4) 38) dialog: From a former home-town girl, to  Mister Home-Town himself.
4) 40) dialog: Middletown, N.J.
4) 42) dialog: I know.  Hooper told me.
4) 44) dialog: You graduate from Hudson?
4) 46) dialog: I went to North.  Also eighty eight.
4) 48) dialog: Quiz me.
4) 50) dialog: I wrote my name on the wall.
4) 52) dialog: Lost my virginity there.
4) 54) dialog: Eden Prairie of Menlo Park!
4) 56) dialog: My best friend fucked a dead guy in  the back room.
4) 58) dialog: I did.  Before she was committed.
4) 60) dialog: (regarding her move) No, this is the 'Rog'.
4) 62) dialog: Pretty slim.  I haven't been back to  the 'burbs since my friend's funeral.
4) 64) dialog: Another friend - Julie Dwyer.  She  died in the..
4) 66) dialog: So well.
4) 68) dialog: But I can tap. (does an impromptu tap dance) That was the Buffalo Two-Step.
4) 70) dialog: That's what six years of tap lessons  yields.
4) 73) dialog: Coulda been worse - we could have not  met at all.
4) 78) text: The crowd applauds.  Alyssa shakes her head, smiling.  Holden pokes her.
4) 80) text: Alyssa shakes her head no.  The crowd urges her.  Holden  pushes her forward.
4) 82) text: The crowd thunders.  Alyssa offers the Singer an  embarrassed half-smile.  She looks at Holden, who claps  along with the others and nods toward the stage.  Alyssa  shakes her head and relents, heading through the crowd Banky and Hooper stand at the bar.
4) 85) text: Alyssa jumps on stage, hugging the Singer.  She takes the mic, shaking her head.  The crowd is applauding.
4) 86) dialog: She is such a twat.
4) 87) text: The crowd cheers.  Alyssa laughs.  She turns to the band  and says something which they nod.  She turns back to the crowd.
4) 88) dialog: Alright.  I should dedicate this,  right? (thinks) This is for that special someone our  there.
4) 89) text: Holden smiles.  Banky joins him.  Holden glances at him. Banky offers a mocking mimic of his smile. The band starts playing.  Cross cutting begins. Alyssa launches into a torchy tune.  The song is  extremely sexy - as is Alyssa who works the mic, making  direct eye contact with... Holden.  Or does she!  Holden is smiling, being seduced, Banky rolls his eyes.  Beside Holden, stands a pretty  GIRL with a short haircut, who's also riveted by Alyssa's performance. Alyssa makes big-time eye contact with somebody out  there.   The song seems to be aimed at whoever she's looking at.   It's more than obvious there's a seduction going on, bur  of whom!  At the end of the song, the crowd goes wild but Alyssa's preoccupied.  She points to someone in the  crowd, and curls her finger back in a 'c'mere' fashion,  urging whoever it is to join her.  She jumps off the  stage. Holden shakes his head sheepishly and looks downward, aw- shucks style.  At that moment, the Girl beside him leaps  forward.  Banky's eyes widen.  Holden looks up and is  suddenly taken aback. Alyssa and the Girl race into each other's arms and fall  into a way-to-passionate-to-mean-anything-else kiss. Holden's eyes bug.  Banky allows a smile to creep across  his face.  The crowd applauds.  Banky looks around, and  for the first time, we get the distinct impression that  this is a lesbian bar... There are a lot of chicks in this place.  Gay chicks.   Banky looks at Holden and slaps him on the back.
4) 91) text: Holden continues to stare - mouth agape. Alyssa and the Girl continue to kiss.
5) 0) text: Banky, Holden, Alyssa and the Girl from the dance floor  sit around a table.  Alyssa and the Girl continue to make out.  Holden and Banky casually watch, wide-eyed.  Banky  stares a little harder.  Holden hits him.
5) 4) text: Alyssa and the Girl break their kiss.
5) 5) dialog: Uh-oh - better knock it off: we're  getting a man excited.
5) 8) dialog: No, I should apologize.  I don't  usually get all mushy in public.  But  it's been awhile since I've seen Kim  here.
5) 10) dialog: Like I'd have to go through that much  effort
5) 12) dialog: Go ahead.  I'll watch from here.
5) 14) dialog: Don't be such a rag.  I have to sit  here and work up the desire to fuck  you later.
5) 16) text: Kim exits.  Banky is smiling ear-to-ear.  Alyssa looks at him.
5) 17) dialog: Yes?
5) 19) dialog: And?
5) 24) dialog: It's okay.  Secretly, all I really  want is to be the center of attention. (to Banky) I've never used a snap-on.
5) 26) dialog: Let me ask you a question - can men  'fuck' each other!
5) 28) dialog: In your estimation.
5) 30) dialog: So for you, to 'fuck' means to  penetrate.  You're used to the more  traditional definition - you inside  some girl you've duped, jack-hammering  away, not noticing that bored look in  her eyes.
5) 32) dialog: (laughs) 'Fucking' is nor limited to  penetration, Banky. For me it  describes any sex when it's not  totally about love.  I don't love Kim,  but I'll fuck her.  I'm sure you don't  love every girl you sleep with.
5) 34) dialog: But I'll bet it's different with the  ones you love.  I'll bet you go the  full nine when it's not just a quick  fix - like you go down on them longer  or something.
5) 37) dialog: What?!?!
5) 41) dialog: If you say the smell, so help me, I'll  slug you.
5) 43) dialog: At least you blame yourself for your  sexual inadequacies.
5) 46) dialog: No, he's got a point.  That's how I  was in high school - I was nervous,  and inhibited about being eaten out.   But by the time I got to college, that  all changed.  I loosened up.  Not only  did I learn to communicate - I learned  to be bossy.   I was like one of those guys at the  airport with those big flash lights -  waving them this way, directing them  that way, telling them when to stop.
5) 48) dialog: Permanent injuries?
5) 50) dialog: (to Holden) I got that beat. (to Banky) I got that beat. (half-turns and lifts chin) Sophomore year.  I'm going down on  Cynthia Slater in her dorm room after  we went club-hopping.  I'm totally  drunk, and in the middle of it, I fall  asleep - right there in her lap.  She  got so mad, she digs her heel into my back, right there. (points to scar) That's permanent.
5) 52) dialog: (throws up her leg, and rolls  up pants) Senior year.  Spring Formal.  I'm  eating our Missy Kurt in her brother's  car.  She's laying across the back  seat, and I'm half-hanging out of the  car, my knees on the ground.  She's  flailing around, and she knocks the  parking brake off.  The car starts  rolling down the hill, and my right  knee is cut up all to shit like a  kiddy's scissor class cut it up for  paper dolls.
5) 53) text: Banky and Alyssa laugh.  Holden looks at a small scar on  his arm and thinks better about mentioning it.  Then Kim  re-enters and plants a big kiss on Alyssa's neck.
5) 57) text: Alyssa waves at him as he exits.  Banky slides out of the booth.
5) 59) text: Holden reaches in and pulls Banky out.  Alyssa watches  them go, then turns and kisses Kim.
8) 0) text: There is a door.  There's a knock at the door.  Holden  opens it and Alyssa is standing there.
8) 1) dialog: Somebody told me that they make comic  books here, and I've got an idea for  this story about a guy who comes to a  club and high-tails it when he finds  out this girl is pay.  Any interest in  a story like that!
9) 0) text: Alyssa and Holden walk through the park, eating hot dogs.
9) 1) dialog: M-TV?
9) 3) dialog: That's great, isn't it?
9) 5) dialog: But you don't.
9) 8) dialog: Well when are you going to do that?
9) 10) dialog: Do you know how pretty you are?
9) 12) dialog: You're a pretty man.
9) 14) dialog: Oh.  I get it.  I'm into girls, so I  have to find all men repulsive or  something.
9) 16) dialog: Aren't there some men that you find  attractive?  Granted, not enough to  sleep with, but still - just handsome  or something!
9) 18) dialog: Well it's the same thing.  I look at  you and just find you really handsome.   And you know, it has very little to do  with your look, per-se.  Your look is  fine, don't get me wrong.  But it's  more your outlook.  The things you  say, the way you see things.  It's...  I don't know... attractive,
9) 20) dialog: I weirded you our the other night
9) 22) dialog: Come on.
9) 24) dialog: Do you want to talk about it!
9) 26) dialog: I like you.  I haven't liked a man in  a long time.  And I'm not a man-hater  or something.  It's just been some  time since I've been exposed to a man  that didn't immediately live-into a  stereotype of some sort.  And I want  you to feel comfortable with me,  because I want us to be friends.  So  if there are things you'd like to  know, it's okay to ask me.
9) 28) dialog: (beat) Why men?
9) 30) dialog: If that's the only reason you're  attracted to women - because it's the  standard..
9) 32) dialog: So you've never been curious about  men?
9) 34) dialog: You know what I mean.
9) 36) dialog: Why not!
9) 38) dialog: Because...?
9) 40) dialog: And that's how I feel.  I've never  really been attracted to men.  I'm  more comfortable with the idea of  girls.
9) 42) dialog: No.
9) 44) dialog: You're saying a person's a virgin  until they've had intercourse with a  member of the opposite sex?
9) 46) dialog: Again with the standards.  I think  virginity is lost when you make love  for the first time.
9) 48) dialog: Why?  Why only then?
9) 50) dialog: So if a virgin is raped, then she's  still a virgin?
9) 52) dialog: But rape is not the standard.  So  she's had sex, but not the standard  idea of sex.  Hence, according to   your definition, she'd still be a  virgin.
9) 54) dialog: Then I lost my virginity at ten,  because I fell on a fence post when I  was ten, and it broke my hymen.  Now I  have to tell people that I lost it to  a wooden post I'd known my whole young  life?
9) 56) dialog: Physical penetration or emotional?
9) 58) dialog: Well, I fell in love hard with Caitlin  Bree when we were in high school.
9) 60) dialog: We had sex.
9) 62) dialog: I move to have that remark stricken  from the record.  On account of it  makes you come off as completely naive  and infantile.
9) 64) text: Alyssa holds up her hand.
9) 66) dialog: Did I hold up a finger? (waves her hand)
9) 68) dialog: Our bodies are built to pass a child,  for Christ's sake.
9) 70) dialog: Sure.  But in a good way.  And it's  only a once-in-awhile thing - reserved  for really special occasions.
9) 72) dialog: Tongue only.
9) 74) text: Alyssa swallows what she's chewing and releases her  tongue, which is just huge.  Holden is transfixed.   Alyssa wraps it back up and smiles, standing.
9) 75) dialog: Let's go.
9) 76) text: She exits. Holden remains in the swing.  Alyssa comes  back in.
9) 77) dialog: Come on.
9) 97) text: Holden finishes dialing the phone.  Cross cut between him and Alyssa at home.
9) 98) dialog: I hope for the sake of the women  you've dated that you're only this  quick in returning calls.
9) 100) dialog: Ohhh.  Why!
9) 102) dialog: Shit.
9) 104) dialog: My sister's at my parents'.  I was  gonna go see her.
9) 106) dialog: Yeah.  But I was staying all weekend,  and I wanted to hang our with you.   This sucks.
9) 108) dialog: I don't do southern con's - all the  chicks have that annoying drawl.  You  know how hard it is nor to laugh when  someone moans "Fuhhk me"?
9) 110) dialog: Really?
9) 112) dialog: If you come pick me up, I'll be your  best friend.
9) 114) dialog: I'm not there.  I'm at a friend's - in  the Village.  Corner of Houston and  Mercer.  Number eighty six, apartment  6-D.
9) 116) dialog: You're so easy.
9) 137) text: Holden's at a loss.  Alyssa slips past the Woman,  carrying an overnight bag.
9) 138) dialog: Don't mind her.  That's just her way a  saying hello.
9) 140) dialog: (to Woman) You're such an asshole.
9) 148) text: She slams the door. Holden looks to Alyssa.
9) 149) dialog: Ohhh - you look so cute!
9) 152) dialog: Just an occasional friend.
9) 154) dialog: (stops) Remember this! (sticks out huge tongue) Her's is even bigger than that.
9) 158) dialog: You were raised Catholic, right?
9) 160) dialog: Baptist.
9) 162) dialog: Please There was no time to be bad -  we were too busy saying 'Jesus'.
9) 164) dialog: Somewhere along the line.  It's a  gradual transition to make - from  doing what the majority does to taking  a leap of faith and doing what feels  more natural.  Everything helps - from  the way you were handled as a kid, to  the way the boys acted in third grade,  to the shoes you wore at your freshman  prom.
9) 166) dialog: Well they were really tight.
9) 167) text: With the requisite music, over which we hear a  conversation between Holden and Alyssa. 1) Holden and Alyssa sit in the DINER eating.  Holden's  talking.  The Waitress walks past and drops her pad.  She bends over, to pick it up, hiking her mini-skirt up in  the process.  Alyssa stares at her ass.  Holden stops  talking and stares at her.  Alyssa looks over at him and  offers a caught smile. 2) Holden pushes a shopping cart at the FOOD STORE,  throwing various things into the basket.  Alyssa comes up with a box of Tampons and throws them in.  Holden glances at them, a bit flushed.  Alyssa catches him, picks up the box, and pulls one out.  She proceeds to demonstrate  their usage, throwing one leg on the can and miming  insertion.  Holden puts up his hands in the "I know, I  know," fashion. 3) In the Studio, Holden displays some of his artwork to  Alyssa, during which she pulls out a cigarette and goes  to light it.  It's a child-proof lighter, so she's having trouble.  Holden grows a little frustrated.  Finally, he  grabs the lighter and pulls the child proof tab out with  his teeth.  Alyssa stares at him a bit taken aback.   Holden spits the tab out, and lights Alyssa's smoke.  He  then continues with his display. 4) Holden and Alyssa at the COMIC BOOK STORE.  Steve-Dave and the Fan-Boy eye them suspiciously.  Alyssa pays for a comic.  Steve-Dave glowers at Holden.  He gives Alyssa  her change and they exit.  Steve-Dave goes back to his  card game with the Fan-Boy.  Suddenly, a garbage can  comes crashing through their window.  Steve-Dave rips a  check off the garbage can and punches the counter.  The  Fan-Boy rubs his back soothingly, 5) Holden and Alyssa walk through a PARKING LOT, talking. She takes his hand and pulls his arm around her shoulder. Holden smiles to himself.
9) 169) dialog: Famously.
9) 171) dialog: So it would seem.
9) 173) dialog: I'm into women.
9) 175) dialog: When I was nine I had a crush on Scott  Baio.
9) 177) dialog: ...I'd still be muff-diving, yes.
9) 181) text: Alyssa enters and stands besides them, smiling at their  game.
9) 182) dialog: I read somewhere that guys who play  hockey are merely making up for penile  deficiencies by carrying big sticks.
9) 186) text: They play.  Cut back and forth between the game and  Banky, Holden, and Alyssa.
9) 195) text: Banky storms away.  Alyssa looks at Holden,
9) 198) dialog: Explain this again.
9) 201) dialog: Stayed out late, smoked pot, screwed  around.
9) 203) dialog: (off skee-ball run) This looks complicated.
9) 205) dialog: What do you do with the prize tickets?
9) 207) dialog: Then what's the point?
9) 209) dialog: And you question my lifestyle.
9) 213) dialog: Why not just walk up there and put it  in the fifty every time?
9) 215) dialog: Oh, this is a skill?  I'm sorry, I had  no idea.
9) 217) text: Alyssa picks up a ball, squints to aim, and whips it  overhand.  It pops off one of the circles and shoots back at them, missing them as they duck.  An OC knock and an  "OW!" is heard.  Holden reacts as Alyssa laughs.
9) 221) dialog: This is where you take straight chicks  on dates?
9) 223) dialog: I don't know.  I'm starting to get a  tingle in my bottom. (tosses a ball) Ten.
9) 225) dialog: Got laid
9) 226) text: Holden whips the ball in surprise.  It ricochets off the  ceiling and through the glass of an old pinball machine. Alyssa laughs.  Holden looks around, nervously.
9) 227) dialog: Some more of that skill you were  telling me about?
9) 229) dialog: No way.  I want a cheap prize. (throws a ball) So your friend's quite the homophobe.
9) 231) dialog: I'm not talking about his infantile  hang-up with me.  I'm talking about  when you two were playing that game.   Everytime he swore - when his players  messed up, he called them cocksuckers,  he referred to the players as queers,  he called you a cock-teaser...
9) 233) dialog: I know you think it means nothing, and  it may in fact be unintentional, but  it's ugly all the same.
9) 235) dialog: So he slams the gay community?
9) 237) dialog: I'm not.  But what is that saying?
9) 239) dialog: It's passive/agressive gay-bashing.
9) 241) dialog: How casually did it roll off his  tongue?  And that's how he expresses  his anger?  By calling people faggots?
9) 243) dialog: I think you're just so used to it that  it rolls off your back.  I've heard  the two of you play your little rank  out game where one insists the other  is gay. (as the boys) "You're a faggot.  No, you're a  faggot."  It's cute and all to watch  you go at it like grade-schooler, but  it's also offensive - labeling and  ducking the label of being gay as if  it were the scarlet fucking letter.
9) 245) dialog: Yeah, but that's what's known as  empowerment/disempowerment.  I call  myself a dyke so it's not too  devastating when some throwback  screams it at me as I'm leaving a bar  at night.   Same for Hooper - by calling himself a  faggot, he steals the thunder away  from the mouthy jerks of this world  who'd like to beat him to it.  But the  difference between us having it and  your friend saying it is miles wide.   We say it to mask the pain - you say  it for lack of a better expression at  any given moment.  No Holden, we do  not live in a more tolerant age.  And  if you think that's the case, then  you've been in the suburbs way too  long to be resuscitated.
9) 246) text: Holden kind of sulks.  Alyssa notices.
9) 247) dialog: But you know what? (picks up his face) I have more faith in you than that. (rips her tickets off) Come on - I want my cheap prize.
9) 300) dialog: Oh really?
9) 302) dialog: (drops her fork and wipes her  hands) We're leaving!
9) 304) dialog: I've got a little business to conduct.
9) 305) text: She grabs her bag and slides out of the booth.  Holden  watches her, then follows. A23. Alyssa slides up to the cashier's desk as does  Holden, who offers a puzzled shrug.  Alyssa offers the  'just wait' finger.  The CASHIER turns to her.
9) 306) dialog: Are you an authorized deal-maker in  this establishment?  Do you have the  power to negotiate.
9) 308) dialog: I want to haggle over the price of  fine art.
9) 310) dialog: (pointing OC) There.  By the kitchen.  That  painting.
9) 312) dialog: The price tag says seventy five.
9) 315) dialog: I'll give you fifty.
9) 317) dialog: (holds out hand) Alyssa Jones.  Pleased to meet you.
9) 319) dialog: I'm only trying to conduct a  transaction.  We're not opponents.
9) 322) dialog: Ah-ha! (to Holden) Now we're haggling.
9) 325) dialog: It was looking shakey when he told me  the artist was a blind cripple with a  hump-back, but I held my ground.   There's no room for sympathy in the  buyer's market.
9) 327) dialog: I'm not.  You are.
9) 329) dialog: You're going to hang it in your house.   I bought it for you.
9) 331) dialog: (looks at him) I'm serious.
9) 334) dialog: Because it's captured the moment.   It'll be a constant reminder - not  just of tonight, but of our  introduction, the building of our  friendship, everything.  Make no  mistake about it my Friend - it's a  gift to you, from me, so you'll always  remember us.
9) 338) dialog: Why are we stopping?
9) 340) dialog: Can't take what?
9) 342) dialog: (beat) You love me.
9) 344) text: Holden stares at Alyssa.  She stares back.  Then she gets out of the car.
9) 348) dialog: Get back in the car and get out of  here.
9) 350) dialog: Y'ep.
9) 352) dialog: Here's my comment fuck you.
9) 354) dialog: That was so unfair.  You know how  unfair that was.
9) 356) dialog: No, it's unfortunate that you're in  love with me.  It's  unfair that you  felt the fucking need to unburden your  soul about it.  Do you remember for a  fucking second who I am?
9) 358) dialog: Oh, it's that simple?  You fall in  love with me and want a romantic  relationship, nothing changes for you  with the exception of feeling hunky- dorey all the time.  But what about- me?  It's not that simple, is it?  I  can't just get into a relationship  with you without throwing my whole  fucking world into upheaval!
9) 360) dialog: Period of adjustment?!? (hitting him) THERE'S NO 'PERIOD OF ADJUSTMENT'  HOLDEN!  I'M FUCKING GAY!  THAT'S WHO  I AM!  AND YOU ASSUME I CAN TURN THAT  AROUND JUST BECAUSE YOU'VE GOT A  CRUSH?!?
9) 363) dialog: Go home, Holden.
9) 364) text: She walks away.  Holden stands there, at a loss.  Then he turns and heads back to his car.   As he reaches the door and turns to look back at her,  Alyssa pounces on him, grabs his face and locks lips with him, big time.  He drops his keys and embraces her. And there they stand, by the side of the road, drenched  kissing.
9) 367) dialog: (off Holden's reaction) I take it that's not good.
9) 397) dialog: And miss these last minute cram  sessions with my nearest and dearest?   Never.
9) 402) dialog: 'Shacking up!' Please. (stops painting; smiles wide) I'm so in love!
9) 403) text: Everyone aww's.  Alyssa buries her face, giggling.
9) 404) dialog: I know.  I know -I feel like such a  goon.  But I can't help it - we have  such a great time together.
9) 406) dialog: It's not her.  It's someone you guys  don't know.
9) 408) dialog: They're not.  From around here.
9) 412) text: They all cackle.  Alyssa tries to laugh with them.
9) 414) dialog: For your information, they don't have  big hair or wear acid wash. (goes back to painting) They're from my home town.
9) 415) text: Dalia stares at Alyssa, suspiciously.
9) 417) dialog: What?  What are you talking about?   I'm not even.
9) 419) dialog: (beat) Holden.
9) 420) text: All four Girls stare at Alyssa, a bit horrified.  She  stops painting.
9) 423) dialog: He's not like a typical man.  He's  really sweet to me, and we relate so  well.  You guys'd love him, really.
9) 424) text: They stare at Alyssa.  Then Dalia gets up.
9) 427) text: They exit.  Alyssa looks to Tory and Nica.
9) 431) dialog: Don't even tell me you want to do it  again.
9) 433) dialog: Because you were giving me that look,  and I got wet...
9) 435) dialog: Why not You?
9) 437) dialog: I see you've been taking notes.  Historically, yes  that's true.
9) 439) dialog: I've given that a lot of thought, you  know?  I mean, now that I'm being  ostracized by my friends, I've had a  lot of time to think about all of  this.  And what I've come up with is  really simple: I came to this on my  terms.  I didn't just heed what I was  taught, you  know?  Men and women  should be together, it's the natural  way - that kind of thing.  I'm not  with you because of what family,  society, life tried to instill in me  from day one.  The way the world is -  how seldom you meet that one person  who gets you... it's so rare.   My  parents didn't really have it.  There  was no example set for me in the world  of male/female relation ships.  And to  cut oneself off from finding that  person - to immediately half your  options by eliminating the possibility  of finding that one person within your  own gender... that just seemed stupid.   So I didn't.  And by leaving my  options open, I was branded 'gay',  which to me was no big deal - labels  are labels, you know?  They define  what you do, not who you are, I guess.  But                 then you come along.  You -  the one least likely; I mean, you were  a guy.
9) 441) dialog: And while I was falling for you, I put  a ceiling on that, because you were a  guy.   Until I remembered why I opened the  door to women in the first place - to  not limit the likelihood of finding  that one person who'd compliment me so  completely.  And so here we are, I was  thorough when I looked for you, and I  feel justified lying in your arms -  because I got here on my terms, and  have no question that there was  someplace I didn't look.  And that  makes all the difference.
9) 443) dialog: What?
9) 445) dialog: What luster?
9) 447) dialog: You're not the right man. (kisses him) You're just the one.
9) 451) text: 1) In Holden's Apartment - Alyssa waves in various  directions, shaking her head accordingly.  Then she puts  up her hands to stop.  Cut to Holden, hanging the  picture.  Alyssa gave him.   It hangs at a severely crooked angle.  He looks back to  her and shakes his head 'no'. 2) Holden and Alyssa try to play a video game.  Banky  plays as well.  Holden instructs her in the ways of NHL  '96 (turning her paddle right-side-up, pointing at things on the screen).  She presses the reset button, over and  over.  Banky gives Holden a 'What the fuck?' look.   Alyssa sticks her tongue at him. 3) At the Video Store - Holden picks up a Disney cartoon  off the shelf.  He goes to show if to Alyssa, who's  reading the back of 'Anything But Dick', an allchick  porno.  An old WOMAN stares at her.  Holden nods to the  old Woman and takes the tape out of Alyssa's hands,  putting it back on the shelf.  He ushers her away.  The  old Woman waits until they're gone and then picks up the  tape herself, 4) Holden carries Alyssa on his shoulders through the  park, her crotch against the back of his neck.  He's  talking. She taps him and he stops and looks up.  She  begins to maneuver around so her crotch is in his face.   He pulls her off and put her down.  She's laughing.  He's flushed with embarrassment.  The same Old Woman from the  Video store passes by with her husband.  Holden shrugs. 5) In Holden's Apartment again - Alyssa again with the  waving, then putting up her hands to stop.  Cut to Holden again, this time with the painting hung completely upside down.  He looks at it, then offers her a bewildered gaze. 6) In the Office Banky comes to his drawing table.  There are penciled pages on it with a note that says "Hanging  out with Alyssa today.  Holden".  Banky crumples it up  and throws it across the room. 7) In Holden's Apartment - Alyssa waves this way, then  that way, then puts up her hands frantically to stop.   She settles back against the wall, a satisfied smile  crawling across her face, and closes her eyes.  We pull  back to reveal Holden on his knees in front of her,  eating her out (no, we don't see anything!).
9) 454) text: Holden looks down at that book.  It's the Nineteen Eighty Eight yearbook from Middletown North.  He shakes his head at Banky and flips it open. On the page is Alyssa's Senior year photo.  Under her  name is another name in quotes that says 'Finger Cuffs'.
9) 538) dialog: Since most of these people are rooting  for the home team, I'm going to cheer  for the visitors.  I'm a big visitors  fan - especially the kind that make  coffee for you in the morning before  they go. (smiles at Holden; no  response) That was a joke.  A little wacky  wordplay?
9) 540) dialog: Was I being too obscure?  The kind  that - until recently - had no dicks  and would spend the night.
9) 542) dialog: Oh, yeah. (shouting; to ice) Hey - foul!  Foul!  He was traveling  or something!
9) 544) dialog: (beat) Something on your mind, Holden?
9) 546) dialog: If I've been 'faithful' or something?
9) 548) dialog: (toucher his face) Oh, sweetie.  I only have eyes for  you. (to ice) CALL THAT FUCKING SHIT, REF!!  THE GUY  ON THE SKATES TOTALLY SHOVED ONE OF MY  GUYS!! (to Holden) I told you I was great at sporting  events.  Imagine what a bitch I could  be if I knew what was going on?
9) 549) text: ON THE ICE - Things heat up between two opposing PLAYERS. One snatches the puck away from the other and skates off. The other Player gives chase. Alyssa's very into the game.  Holden shakes his head
9) 551) dialog: About what?
9) 553) dialog: Really.  I'm sorry - you two left high  school behind how many years ago? (grabs his face and kisses  his cheek) Can I put some of my books in your  locker? (goes back to watching game)
9) 555) text: ON THE ICE - The Player giving chase slashes the Player  with the puck. Alyssa jumps to her feet.
9) 556) dialog: (to ice) IF YOU DON'T START USING THAT WHISTLE  I'M GONNA JAM IT STRAIGHT UP YOUR  ASS!! (to guy next to her) Right?
9) 558) dialog: (sitting back down) 'Finger Cuffs'?
9) 560) dialog: It was?  Shit, damned if I can  remember.  I'd look it up, but I threw  all that shit our years ago? (beat) Where'd you see a North yearbook?
9) 562) text: ON THE ICE - The Players skid into the corner where  Player One checks Player Two into the boards, hard.   Player Two scrambles to his feet and throws down his  gloves. The crowd around Alyssa and Holden go wild.
9) 563) dialog: Rick?  Sure.  We used to hang out in  high school. (to ice) PUNCH HIM IN THE FUCKING NECK, NUMBER  TWELVE!!
9) 565) dialog: (eyes on the ice) Date Rick Derris?  No.  We just hung  out a lot.
9) 567) dialog: No.  Me, Rick, and... um... what was  that guy's name...?
9) 569) dialog: Yeah!  Cohee Lundin.  God, I haven't  thought about that name in years.
9) 570) text: ON THE ICE - The Players square off.  Player Two pulls  Player One's helmet off and punches him in the face. Holden looks as if he'd Like to do the same to his  companion.  Alyssa's into the game.
9) 571) dialog: I remember those guys'd come over  almost everyday after school.  They'd  bug my sisters, look for porno tapes  in my dad's closet, raid our fridge.   They really took advantage of my  parents never being home.
9) 572) text: ON THE ICE - Player Two yanks at Player One's jersey and  gut punches him.  Alyssa seems oblivious to Holden's  anger, so enthralled with the action is she.
9) 573) dialog: (starts laughing) This one day... Rick pulled out his  dick and chased me around the house  with it!  Right in front of Cohee!  I  couldn't believe it!  Guys are weird -  I thought the whole size hang-up made  you all terrified to show your dicks  to each other?
9) 574) text: ON THE ICE - Player One staggers a bit, then quickly  rights his jersey and lunges at Player Two, landing a  barrage of his own punches.  Blood sprays across the ice. Holden's face is reeeeeaaaally sour looking.  Alyssa's  still in the game.
9) 576) dialog: (looks him dead in the eye) I blew him while Cohee fucked me.
9) 577) text: ON THE ICE - Player One delivers the kill shot, slamming  his fist into Player Two's nose.  The blood shoots out  like a geyser, and Two goes down hard. Holden stares at Alyssa, flabbergasted.  The crowd around them stares not at the fight on the ice, but the fight in their midst, shocked.  Alyssa fumes.
9) 579) dialog: That's what you wanted to hear, isn't  it?  Isn't that what this little cross- examination of your's is about?  Well  try not to be so obvious about it next  time, there are subtler ways of  badgering a witness. (to Bystander) Am I right?
9) 581) dialog: (gathering her stuff) If you wanted some background  information on me, all you had to do  was ask - I'd have gladly volunteered  it.  You didn't have to play Hercules  fucking Poirot!
9) 586) dialog: Yes Holden!  In fact, everything you  heard or dug up on me was probably  true!  Yeah, I took on two guys at  once!  You want to hear some gems you  might not have unearthed - I took a  twenty six year old guy to my senior  prom, and then left halfway through to   have sex with him and Gwen Turner in  the back of a limo!  And the girl who  got caught in the shower with Miss  Moffit, the gym teacher?  That was me!   Or how about in college, when I let  Shannon Hamilton videotape us having  sex - only to find out the next day  that he broadcast it on the campus  cable station?!  They're all true -  those and so many more!  Didn't you  know?  I'm the queen of urban legend!
9) 588) dialog: Easily!  Some of it I did out of  stupidity, some of it I did out of  what I thought was love, but - good or  bad - they were my choices, and I'm  not making apologies for them now -  not to you or anyone!  And how dare  you try to lay a guilt trip on me  about it - in public, no less!  Who  the fuck do you think you are, you  judgemental prick?!
9) 590) dialog: How are you supposed to feel about it?   Feel what ever the fuck you want about  it!  The only thing that really  matters is how you feel about me.
9) 592) dialog: Why?  Because I had some sex?
9) 594) dialog: Yes, Holden - that's all it was: some  sex!  Most of it stupid high school  sex, for Christ's sake!  Like you  never had sex in high school!
9) 596) dialog: I used them!  You don't think I  would've let it happen if I hadn't  wanted it to, do you?!  I was an  experimental girl, for Christ's sake!  Maybe you knew early on that your  track was from point 'a' to 'b' - but  unlike you I wasn't given a fucking  map at birth, so I tried it all!  That  is until we - that's you and I - got  together, and suddenly, I was sated.   Can't you take some fucking comfort in  that?  You turned out to be all I was  ever looking for - the missing piece  in the big fucking puzzle! (tries to calm down) Look I'm sorry I let you believe that  you were the only guy I'd ever been  with.  I should've been more honest.   But it seemed to make you feel special  in a way that me telling you over and  over again how incredible you are  would never get across.
9) 598) dialog: Do you mean to tell me that - while  you have zero problem with me sleeping  with half the women in New York City -  you have some sort of half-assed,  mealy-mouthed objection to pubescent  antics, that took place almost ten  years ago?  What the fuck is your  problem?!?
9) 599) text: Holden's eyes are downcast.  Alyssa waits for a response.
9) 601) dialog: And what's that?
9) 603) text: Holden skulks off.  Alyssa stares after him, and then  starts kicking and punching a car beside her, finally  slumping to the ground.  She cries.
9) 703) dialog: Fuck you.
9) 710) dialog: That doesn't matter to me...
9) 715) text: Holden grabs him, kisses him full on the lips, and pushes him back onto the couch Alyssa reacts.  Banky - wide-eyed and speechless - looks away.
9) 721) text: Alyssa's face drops.  She subtly shakes her head.
9) 722) dialog: (under her breath) Don't.
9) 724) dialog: (again, under her breath) Please don't say it.
9) 726) text: The room is silent.  Holden Lights a cigarette.  Banky's  eyes nearly bug.   Alyssa's  head drops.
9) 730) text: Holden smiles at his friend.  Then he looks at Alyssa.
9) 732) text: Alyssa looks at him, sadly.
9) 733) dialog: No.
9) 736) dialog: You did?  What does that say about me?
9) 738) dialog: You don't want this. (lights her cigarette) You really don't want this.  Trust me.
9) 740) dialog: (inhales from her cigarette,  takes a beat) I can't.
9) 744) dialog: Oh Holden. (trying to compose herself) That time is over for me.  I've been  there.  I've done it.  And I didn't  find what I was looking for in any of  it.  I found that in you - in us.   Doing this won't help you forget about  the things you're hung up on.  It'll  create more.
9) 746) dialog: No, it will.  Maybe you'll see me  differently from then on - maybe  you'll despise me for going along with  it, once you're in the moment.  Maybe  I'll moan differently and then you'll  resent Banky, and become suspicious of  us.  Or you'll alienate him because of  it, and then grow to blame and hate me  for the deterioration of your  friendship.  Or what if- I sincerely  doubt it, but what if - I saw  something in Banky that I never saw  before, and fell in love with him and  left you.  I've been down roads like  this before; many times.  I know you  feel doing this will broaden your  horizons and give you experience.  But  I've had those experiences on my own.   I can't accompany you on your's.  I'm  past that now. (touches his face; stares to  cry) Or maybe I just love you too much.   And I feel hurt and let down that  you'd want to share me with anyone.   Because I never wanted to share you (holds it in; gets up) Regardless I can't be a part of this. (beat) Or you.  Not anymore (hugs him) I love you.  I always will.  Know  that.
9) 748) dialog: But I'm not your fucking whore.
9) 749) text: Alyssa storms away, stopping briefly to look Banky up and down.
9) 750) dialog: He's your's again.
9) 783) text: Alyssa sits at a separate signing table, with a line in  front of her.  A WOMAN behind her.  Alyssa dashes off  signatures in the copies of her comic.
9) 784) dialog: (to OC departing fan) Thanks for reading it.
9) 787) dialog: I'm fine, thanks,
9) 788) text: The Woman heads off.  Alyssa starts rummaging through her bag.
9) 789) dialog: (not rooking up) Okay, who's next!
9) 791) dialog: Um... This isn't one of mine.
9) 793) text: Alyssa looks up sharply. Holden stands before her, smiling.
9) 795) dialog: Hi.
9) 797) dialog: (beat) How've you been?
9) 799) dialog: Good (beat; off her own comic) New issue's selling like crazy, for  some reason.
9) 801) dialog: Thank you. (off comic) I haven't even seen this yet.  Did it  just come out?
9) 803) dialog: Will I enjoy it?
9) 805) text: Alyssa leafs through it.  Her eyes get somewhat misty.
9) 806) dialog: Looks Like a very personal story.
9) 810) dialog: Yeah.  I mean, it can get ugly.  I  just saw this nun in line call this  small child a cunt-rag.
9) 812) dialog: I will.
9) 814) dialog: Okay.
9) 817) dialog: Really nice to see you too.
9) 818) text: He walks away.  A few steps away, he turns and waves  again.  She waves back.  And then he starts moving  through the thrall of fan-boys. The Woman returns with coffee.  She follows Alyssa's  gaze.
9) 820) dialog: Hmm!  Oh.  Just some guy I knew.
9) 822) dialog: (to line) Next (to Woman) So what do you want to do tonight?