0) 0) text: A pile of COMIC BOOKS are on a shelf next to myriad  others. The most prominent one is called BLUNTMAN AND  CHRONIC'.  A hand reaches in and pulls one out of frame. HOLDEN opens the comic and flips through it He shakes his head.  BANKY looks over his shoulder.
0) 1) dialog: Felt Like this fucking day would never  come.  Issue two - on the shelf.
0) 3) dialog: Don't start, alright!  This is a cool  moment, and I'd appreciate you not  trying to ruin it.  How often does                 a guy get the opportunity to purchase  something with his name on it! (points to name on cover) Banky Edwards- right! (points to the other) Holden McNeil.
0) 5) dialog: C'mon, sour puss.  We got the rest of  our lives to be artists.  But it's  supply and demand.  And right now,                 the unwashed masses demand this.
0) 7) dialog: I'll tell you who we're better than:  these two fags right here.
0) 9) dialog: (lays books on the counter) Alright Old-Maid's - take a break from  the Crazy-8's marathon and ring us up.
0) 13) dialog: You guys operate the smallest, ladies'  bridge circle I've ever seen.
0) 15) dialog: (to Holden) I don't think they're fans.
0) 26) text: Steve-Dave offers the boys his two middle fingers, then  goes back to playing his game with Walt.  Holden and  Banky stare, shocked.  Banky nudges Holden and they both  exit Steve-Dave and the Fan-boy slap hands and go back to playing.
1) 4) text: We're at a Comic Book show, specifically at a book- signing. Behind Holden hangs a large banner, heralding  HOLDEN McNEIL AND BANKY EDWARDS - CREATORS OF BLUNTMAN AND CHRONIC'. Beside it is a large  mock-up of the comic book cover which features two stoner super-heroes who bear a striking resemblance to a pair of very familiar friendly  neighborhood drug dealers, Holden hands the book back to the Fan.
1) 8) text: BANKY signs the book of another COLLECTOR.
1) 10) dialog: (signing the comic) I ink it and I'm also the colorist.   The guy next to me draws it.  But we  both came up with the characters,
1) 12) dialog: Well.  It means that Holden draws the  pictures in pencil, and then he gives  it to me to go over in ink
1) 14) text: Banky freezes up.  He composes himself and continues  signing.
1) 15) dialog: It's not tracing.  I add depth and  shading to give the image mere  definition. Only then does the drawing         really take shape.
1) 17) dialog: (hands book back to  Collector) Not really. (calling out) Next!
1) 22) dialog: It's not tracing.
1) 24) dialog: (to Little Kid) Do you want Lour book signed or what?
1) 26) dialog: I'm secure with what I do.
1) 28) dialog: (grabbing Little Kid's book) How should I sign this?
1) 33) text: Before Holden can finish, a loud crash is heard.  He  looks to his left and freaks. Banky is throttling the Collector from across the table.  The Collector attempts to fight him off.  SECURITY GUARDS pull them apart. Holden grabs Banky.
1) 35) dialog: (to Collector) I'LL TRACE A CHALK LINE AROUND YOUR  DEAD FUCKING BODY, YOU FUCK?!
1) 39) dialog: (calling OC) YOUR MOTHER'S A TRACER!!
1) 42) dialog: He started it!  Fucking cock-knocker!  He's lucky I didn't put my pen through  his thorax!
2) 6) text: During the speech, Holden and Banky enter and sit up  front.
2) 12) dialog: What's a Nubian?
2) 14) dialog: Intergalactic Civil War!
2) 18) dialog: Well isn't that true!
2) 19) text: Hooper explodes, He pulls a nine millimeter from his  belt, draws on Banky and fires.  Banky goes down, falling forward into the crowd The crowd screams and starts to  scatter, Hooper jumps over the table and raises his fists in the air.
2) 21) text: The crowd-is gone.  Holden sits in his chair, laughing.  Hooper steps off the stage and picks Banky's head up off  the floor.
2) 23) text: Hooper sounds different Actually, he sounds gay.   Actually - he is.  Banky smiles.
2) 24) dialog: Well what about you!  You didn't tell  me you were going to scream Black  Rage'.  I nearly pissed myself.
2) 26) dialog: Wrong coast.
2) 30) dialog: Faggot.
2) 32) dialog: (wipes his lips) Hey, hey!  I'll play your victim, but  not your catcher.
2) 41) dialog: I've read your book.  It's cute.   Chick stuff, but cute.
2) 43) dialog: What?
2) 46) text: Banky seethes.
2) 50) dialog: We're gonna take off soon...
2) 52) text: Banky offers Holden a puzzled glance.  Then he nods to  Hooper.
2) 53) dialog: We'll go.
2) 55) dialog: Archie, alright!  Archie and the  Riverdale gang were a pure and fun- lovin' bunch.  You can't find  dysfunction in those comics, because  they were just flat out wholesome.
2) 57) dialog: Shut the fuck up.
2) 59) dialog: Man, I feel a hate-crime coming on
2) 61) dialog: Because he wanted them both at the  same time, you assholes!  He never  chose one because he was trying to get  both of them into a three-way!
2) 63) dialog: Eat it.  Urkel.
2) 65) dialog: (getting up; to Hooper) That's it.  You.
2) 67) dialog: You are marching back across the  street with me, and we're going to  pick up a shit load of Archie books, I  am going to prove to you - beyond the  shadow of a doubt that Archie was all  about pussy.  Come on.
2) 69) text: Banky and Hooper exit, leaving Alyssa and Holden alone at the table.
2) 132) text: Alyssa exits to the night.  Holden stares after her.  Two beats later, Hooper and Banky enter, holding an  'Everything's Archie' comic between them.
2) 133) dialog: You're insane.  Archie is not fucking  Mister Weatherbee!
2) 136) dialog: (off comic) He's just offering to help Archie with  his homework!
2) 138) dialog: (shoves book at him) Fuck this. (to Holden) Let's go.  Traffic. (no response from Holden) Holden!
2) 140) dialog: Let's go.
2) 142) dialog: (looking out window) What the...!  Son of a bitch!
2) 143) text: Banky runs out Holden shrugs at Hooper.
3) 0) text: We're in Holden and Banky's studio/apartment.  It's a  rented loft-style place with high ceilings, wood floors  and sparse furnishings.  There are posters on the walls,  a sort of kitchenette, a hockey net, a big TV. (with all  the trimmings - VCR, Laserdisc player, Sega, SNES), a  huge comfy couch, and two drawing boards with adjacent  desks (littered with pencils, pens, coloring pencils,  paints, erasers, etc.) - at which sit Holden and Banky.   They're working.  Some music plays. C.U. OF HOLDEN PENCILING - over his shoulder, we see  Holden sketching Chronic in mid-attack of his arch- nemesis - the Giggler.  Holden erases a line and re- draws. C.U. OF BANKY INKING - over his shoulder, we see Banky  outlining a pre-penciled page.  He traces Bluntman  swinging from a street light. The two work in silence.  Then...
3) 1) dialog: (not looking up) This is one of the best street lights  you've ever drawn.
3) 3) dialog: Looks just like it.
3) 5) dialog: Get a pizza.  Watch 'Degrassi Junior  High'.
3) 7) dialog: I've got a weird thing for girls who  say 'aboot'.
3) 22) dialog: Who was that?
3) 24) dialog: When's that faggot going to learn -  you like chicks.
3) 26) dialog: So when we leaving?
3) 28) dialog: And?
3) 30) dialog: Like I care about your shit.  Maybe  I'll hook up myself.
3) 32) dialog: How does one man get to be so funny!
3) 34) dialog: Like that'll happen.
3) 36) dialog: Oh, you had a moment!
4) 5) text: The Guy shoots Hooper an angry glare, Banky enters.
4) 6) dialog: Alright - bring on the free hootch.
4) 9) dialog: Hey, I befriended a guy in a position  of authority so I could abuse that  authority and get free shit.  You want  to do the same?  There's a lonely  Hindu works at the'7-ll' across the  street.  Get in tight with him.
4) 12) dialog: (calling after him) Wanna be friends!
4) 14) dialog: Taking a piss.  Guy's got a bladder  like an infant.
4) 16) dialog: Must his mother tell him everything!
4) 18) dialog: What'd you do - fall in love?
4) 23) text: Hooper, Holden, and Banky stare OC.
4) 24) dialog: She ain't no Denny Terrio, I'll say  that.
4) 25) text: Holden smacks Banky and moves to exit.
4) 30) text: Holden exits; They watch him go.  Banky looks around.
4) 31) dialog: There're a lot of chicks in this  place.
4) 33) dialog: (beat) He didn't really say that about my  dick, did he!
4) 82) text: The crowd thunders.  Alyssa offers the Singer an  embarrassed half-smile.  She looks at Holden, who claps  along with the others and nods toward the stage.  Alyssa  shakes her head and relents, heading through the crowd Banky and Hooper stand at the bar.
4) 83) dialog: This is so queer. (he exits)
4) 89) text: Holden smiles.  Banky joins him.  Holden glances at him. Banky offers a mocking mimic of his smile. The band starts playing.  Cross cutting begins. Alyssa launches into a torchy tune.  The song is  extremely sexy - as is Alyssa who works the mic, making  direct eye contact with... Holden.  Or does she!  Holden is smiling, being seduced, Banky rolls his eyes.  Beside Holden, stands a pretty  GIRL with a short haircut, who's also riveted by Alyssa's performance. Alyssa makes big-time eye contact with somebody out  there.   The song seems to be aimed at whoever she's looking at.   It's more than obvious there's a seduction going on, bur  of whom!  At the end of the song, the crowd goes wild but Alyssa's preoccupied.  She points to someone in the  crowd, and curls her finger back in a 'c'mere' fashion,  urging whoever it is to join her.  She jumps off the  stage. Holden shakes his head sheepishly and looks downward, aw- shucks style.  At that moment, the Girl beside him leaps  forward.  Banky's eyes widen.  Holden looks up and is  suddenly taken aback. Alyssa and the Girl race into each other's arms and fall  into a way-to-passionate-to-mean-anything-else kiss. Holden's eyes bug.  Banky allows a smile to creep across  his face.  The crowd applauds.  Banky looks around, and  for the first time, we get the distinct impression that  this is a lesbian bar... There are a lot of chicks in this place.  Gay chicks.   Banky looks at Holden and slaps him on the back.
4) 90) dialog: Now that, my friend, is a.. (brings his fingers together,  mimicing Holden) ...shared moment
5) 0) text: Banky, Holden, Alyssa and the Girl from the dance floor  sit around a table.  Alyssa and the Girl continue to make out.  Holden and Banky casually watch, wide-eyed.  Banky  stares a little harder.  Holden hits him.
5) 1) dialog: What?!
5) 3) dialog: Man, when are we ever going to get a  chance to see this kind of shit live  without paying for it?
5) 7) dialog: Oh, and you're an old hand at this.
5) 16) text: Kim exits.  Banky is smiling ear-to-ear.  Alyssa looks at him.
5) 18) dialog: You said 'fuck'.  To that girl.  You  said you'd 'fuck' her.
5) 20) dialog: How can a girl 'fuck' another girl!  Were you talking about strap-ons or  something?
5) 22) dialog: What!!?  It's a valid question.  You  know the dyke stuff in the Penthouse  Letters section is written by guys -  this is our chance to get the inside  scoop.
5) 25) dialog: Then what's with saying 'fuck?   Shouldn't you say 'eat her out' or at  least modify the term 'fuck' with  something like 'fist'?
5) 27) dialog: Ask Hooper.
5) 29) dialog: Sure.
5) 31) dialog: Hey - I always notice the bored look  in their eyes.
5) 33) dialog: Some of them I downright loathe.
5) 36) dialog: I don't do that.
5) 38) dialog: I stopped dropping.  It got to be too  frustrating.
5) 40) dialog: What?!  I lost my tolerance for the  bullshit baggage that comes with  eating girls out.  What's the big  deal?!
5) 42) dialog: Not the smell - the smell is good.   I'm talking about not being able to do  it property.  And my mother brought me  up to believe that if I can't do  something right I shouldn't do it at all.  Of  course, my father told me she gave  lousy head, but that's beside the  point.
5) 44) dialog: No, I blame them.  Chicks never help  you out.  They never tell you what to  do.  And most of them are self- conscious about that smell factor, and  so most of the time they just lay  there, frozen like a deer in the  headlights, right?  Not for nothing,  but when a chick goes down on me.  I  let her know where to go, and what the  status is.  You gotta handle it like  CNN and the Weather Channel - constant  updates.
5) 47) dialog: And that's all I'm saying, it'd be  different if chicks helped out -  pointed a guy in the right direction.   Then there'd be no bullshit, no wasted  time, and no chance for permanent  injuries.
5) 49) dialog: Sure.  You wanna see something  permanent! (pulls our front tooth) I got this from Nina Rollins,  sophomore year.  I'm going down on  her, and out of nowhere, her cat jumps  on her stomach.  She does this big ol'  pelvic thrust - cracks my tooth in  half, sends it down my throat.  I had  to get a crown for the stub.
5) 51) dialog: You see this! (moves neck slightly right) That's the farthest I can move my neck  to the right Sophomore year, I'm going  out with Maria Bennert, and for six  months, I'm going down on her, and not  a damn thing's happening.   Then one night, I change a position,  or vary my lapping-speed, and suddenly  it's a whole new world.  She's moving  around, convulsing, breathing heavy.   And her legs are pressing against my  ears so tightly that I don't hear her  father come into the room.  He grabs  my hair... (grabs his own hair and pulls  back) ...and he pulls me way back, hard.
5) 53) text: Banky and Alyssa laugh.  Holden looks at a small scar on  his arm and thinks better about mentioning it.  Then Kim  re-enters and plants a big kiss on Alyssa's neck.
5) 55) dialog: What traffic - it's one thirty in the  morning!
5) 57) text: Alyssa waves at him as he exits.  Banky slides out of the booth.
5) 58) dialog: (to Kim) Since you like chicks, right..  do you just look at yourself in the  mirror all the time?
5) 59) text: Holden reaches in and pulls Banky out.  Alyssa watches  them go, then turns and kisses Kim.
6) 0) text: Holden looks preoccupied.  Banky flips through magazines, biting off mini pieces of the gum he's chewing.  He  sticks them between pages, presses the mag closed, picks  up another one and then repeats the whole process.  A  Receptionist types.
6) 1) dialog: (off Holden's look) You're still dwelling on the dyke,  aren't you?
6) 3) dialog: What'd I tell you - she just needs the  right guy.  All every woman really  wants - be it mother, senator, nun -  is some serious deep-dicking.
6) 4) text: The Receptionist stops typing and looks at Banky,  shocked.
6) 5) dialog: (off her look) Don't give me that look - I heard Adam  Curry say worse.
6) 6) text: The Secretary goes back to typing.  Banky shrugs at  Holden.
6) 7) dialog: That's why I can't buy lesbians.   Everyone needs dick.  See, I can buy  fags.  Bunch of guys that need dick -  just plain need it?  That I get.   Dykes?  Bullshit posturing.  But -  live and let live, I guess.
6) 11) dialog: Sloss like a mother fucker. (slaps his hand)
7) 3) text: The Execs and Sloss laugh.  Holden and Banky politely  join in.  Banky shoots Holden a 'these guys are idiots'  look.
7) 5) dialog: Even more retarded and juvenile to  sate the voracious, intellectually- challenged miscreants that make up  your key demographic.
7) 6) text: The Execs laugh hard.  Sloss secretly shrugs to Banky and gives the thumbs up.
7) 8) text: Banky leans back into the couch, wearing a thoughtful  face.  He looks to Holden, then to Sloss.  Sloss nods in  understanding.
7) 12) text: The Exec's smile and head our, closing the door behind  then.  Sloss turns to Banky.
7) 14) dialog: You did better - you sold us out!
7) 17) dialog: (as Simon Bar Sinister) Money and Power, and Money and  Power...
7) 20) text: Banky and Sloss freeze.  They stare at Holden.
7) 21) dialog: What's not a good idea!  Please don't  say the cartoon, please don't say the  cartoon...
7) 24) dialog: (getting up) John, let me handle this. ( to Holden) You are out of your fucking mind,  aren't you!
7) 26) text: Banky sits at the Exec's desk and starts rifling through  the guy's stuff.
7) 27) dialog: No, I'd like to be remembered as the  filthy rich guy who created Bluntman  and Chronic.
7) 30) dialog: (to Sloss) He just has to get over this crush of  his.
7) 32) dialog: (opening drawer with a letter  opener) Not on her; on Alyssa Jones - the  chick that does that comic book  'Idiosyncratic Routine'.  You ever  seen it?
7) 34) dialog: She'd never let him in her yard.  The  chick's gay.
7) 36) dialog: Always working, you. (holds up a Polaroid of a  naked woman) Look at this - Mrs. M-TV Exec has a  string of pearls hanging our of her  ass,
7) 39) dialog: (holding up Polaroid) I'm taking this as a precaution - just  in case they give us any shit about  pussy's decision delay. (glaring at Holden) You'll 'give it some thought'.  You're  so retarded
7) 42) dialog: The guy who sold it to me had an  honest face.
9) 81) dialog: I got the Sega in one bag, my clothes  in the other, and two months worth of  unread comics in this one.
9) 83) dialog: Hold on. (starts rifling through one  bag)
9) 85) dialog: I just have to get something. (pulls out a huge stack of  porno books)
9) 87) dialog: Read the articles.  What do you think  I'm going to do with them?  They're  stroke books.
9) 89) dialog: (leafing through mags) Variety's the spice of life.  I like a  wide selection.  Sometimes I'm in the  mood for nasty close-ups, sometimes I  like them arty and air-brushed.  Some  times it's a spread brown-eye kind of  night, sometimes it's girl-on-girl  time.  Sometimes a steamy letter will  do it, sometimes - not often, but  sometimes - I like the idea of a chick  with a horse.
9) 92) dialog: His master's voice.
9) 94) text: Holden exits.  Banky starts packing his mags up.  A  little KID enters, staring at him.
9) 96) dialog: (looks at kid then books) Do you Like horsies?
9) 117) text: They hang up.  Holden reacts to something OC and exits  quickly. C11. Banky points to pictures in the book.  The kid looks on.
9) 118) dialog: ...And then Black Beauty couldn't take  it any longer, and he finally did some  of his own mounting.
9) 120) text: Holden grabs Banky's arm and drags him away.
9) 122) dialog: (waving to kid) I think I want kids of my own one day.   They're fun.
9) 124) dialog: What?  Why?
9) 126) text: And he's gone.  Banky stands there, open-mouthed.  A  check-in FLIGHT ATTENDANT comes up to him.  His name-tag  reads 'Frank'.
9) 128) dialog: (still watching Holden go) Hunhh! (looks at F.A.) Yeah.  But this is carry-on.
9) 130) dialog: (thinks) Not this trip.  But one time, when I  was using curb side check-in, this sky- cap gave me a cock ring and a set of  anal ben-wa balls.  I always thought  that was pretty strange.  He said his  name was Frank. (looks closely at him) Hey!  You're name's Frank!
9) 131) text: Banky storms away.  The Flight Attendant watches him go.
9) 183) dialog: I thought you lived in the city?  This  is like the umpteenth time I've seen  you here.  Isn't that grounds enough  for the little pink mafia to throw you  out of their club?
9) 185) dialog: Bitch, you're schooling no one.
9) 186) text: They play.  Cut back and forth between the game and  Banky, Holden, and Alyssa.
9) 188) dialog: (off game) You fucking cock-teaser.  I'll knock  your fucking teeth out and pass all  over your ass.
9) 190) dialog: (screaming at screen) Fuck!  You Fucking cock-sucker, man!   These faggots won't do what I tell  them to!
9) 192) dialog: No, it's these... fucking queers on  blades that can't accept a fucking  pass to save their lives!  What period  is this?
9) 194) dialog: Fuck!  Look at your fucking guys,  they... FUCK!!! (whips controller) FUCKING COCK SUCKER, MAN!  I SWEAR TO  GOD!
9) 195) text: Banky storms away.  Alyssa looks at Holden,
9) 250) dialog: How was your pseudo-date?
9) 252) dialog: That chick bugs me.
9) 254) dialog: Get off. (off game) Fucking faggot!  Did you see that?!   Your dyke courting ass just got me  scored on!
9) 256) text: Holden goes to his drawing table and takes off his coat. Banky sits there, shocked.  He puts the controller down  and crosses to the drawing table.
9) 257) dialog: What the fuck is going on here?
9) 259) dialog: (smacking pencil away) Not with this shit!  With you.  What  the fuck is going on with you and that  girl?
9) 261) dialog: She's programming you.
9) 263) dialog: Yeah.  And apparently, you don't even  realize it.  What does it matter if I  refer to her as a dyke, or if I call  the Whalers a bunch of faggots in the  privacy of my own office, far from the  sensitive ears of the rest of the  world?
9) 265) text: Holden starts drawing.  Banky stares at him.  Then he  grabs the pencil out of Holden's hand and shoves him to  the side.  He starts drawing something.
9) 267) dialog: Bear with me here.  I just want to put  you through this little exercise. (drawing feverishly) Okay, now see this?  This is a four  way road, okay?
9) 268) text: Banky draws a four-way stop.  He illustrates according to his voice-over.
9) 269) dialog: And dead in the center, is a crisp,  new, hundred dollar bill.  Now at the  end of each of the streets, are four  people, okay?  You following?  Up  here, we got a male-affectionate, easy- to-get-along-with, no political agenda  lesbian.  Okay?  Now down here, we  have a man-hating, angry-as-fuck,  agenda-of-rage, bitter dyke.  To this  side, we got Santa Claus, right?  And  over to this side - the Easter Bunny.
9) 270) text: Banky finishes drawing.  Holden's shaking his head
9) 271) dialog: Which one's going to get to the  hundred dollar bill first?
9) 273) dialog: I'm serious.  This is a serious  exercise.  It's like an S.A.T.  question.  Which one's going to get to  the hundred dollar bill first - the  male-friendly lesbian, the man-hating  dyke, Santa Claus, or the Easter  Bunny?
9) 275) dialog: Good.  Why?
9) 277) dialog: (wildly crossing out the  other three) BECAUSE THESE OTHER THREE ARE FIGMENTS  OF YOUR FUCKING IMAGINATION!
9) 278) text: Holden storms away.  Banky follows.
9) 280) dialog: She's fucking with your mind, man!   She knows you've got this schoolboy  crush and she's using it to sway your  way of thinking!
9) 282) dialog: Maybe she thinks you'll get her comic  picked up by Contender.  Or maybe she  thinks you'll change the content of  our book to something more political  and message oriented.  Or, gee - I  don't know - maybe because that's just  what dykes like to do: fuck around  with straight guys' heads, just so she  can go back to her little rug-muncher  club and have a good laugh with all  her man-hating harpy cronies about how  fucking stupid and easily duped men  are!
9) 284) dialog: You don't even know this girl!  Big  deal, she's from Middletown and she  went to North!  All the girls at North  were bitches and sluts anyway!  And  this one's got them beat by a mile  because she's a bitch/slut/dyke!
9) 286) dialog: Oh why?  Do you get my back when she  bashes me?  Because I know she does.   And do you know why she does?  Because  I won't play her fucking game!
9) 288) dialog: What is it about this girl?  You know  you have no shot at getting her into  bed!  Why do you bother wasting time  with her?  Because you're Holden  fucking McNeil - most persistent  traveller on the road that's not the  path of least resistance!   Everything's gotta be a fucking  challenge for you, and this little  relationship with that bitch is a  prime example of your fucking  condition.  Well I don't need a  fucking magic eight ball to look into  your future; you want a forecast?   Here - will Holden ever fuck Alyssa. (shakes and looks at  imaginary ball) What a shock - "Not fucking likely"!   This relationship of  your's is  affecting you, our work and our  friendship, and the time's going to  come when I throw down the gauntlet  and say it's me or her!  And then  what're you going to say?!
9) 290) dialog: No, what would you say?  Would you  trash twenty years of friendship  because you've got some idiotic notion  that this chick would even let you  sniff her panties, let alone fuck  her?!
9) 292) dialog: What the fuck.. WHAT THE FUCK MAKES THIS BITCH ALL THAT IMPORTANT?!?!
9) 293) text: Holden looks at Banky for a long beat.
9) 295) text: Banky stares at him.  Holden stares back.  Banky looks  into Holden's eyes.  Suddenly, he softens a bit.  He  drops his head.
9) 296) dialog: Fuck.
9) 297) text: Banky walks away.  Holden watches him go and exits.
9) 370) dialog: Catholic school girls.
9) 372) dialog: The uniform is what does it for me.  I  wish I'd have went with more Catholic  school girls when I was a kid.  As it  stands.  I have no "...and then she  unzipped her jumper..." stories.
9) 374) dialog: That's my couch you were fucking on.
9) 376) dialog: I wanted to watch some TV.  Hard to do  when your best friend's wrapped around  a naked rug-muncher on your couch.
9) 378) text: Banky shoots him a glare.  He goes back to staring at the OC girls.
9) 379) dialog: This is all going to end badly.
9) 381) dialog: I know you.  You're way too  conservative for that girl.  She's  been around and seen things we've only  read about in books.
9) 383) dialog: There's no 'we' here.  You're going to  have to go through this alone.  And  it's one thing to read about shit, and  something different when you're forced  to deal with it on a regular basis.   When you guys are walking in the mall  and both your heads turn at a really  nice looking chick, it's going to eat  you up inside.  You'll spend most of  your time wondering when the other  shoe's going to drop.  Because for  you, this isn't about cool weird sex  stuff, it's about love.
9) 385) dialog: Somehow I doubt it.
9) 387) dialog: Everybody has an agenda.  Everyone.
9) 389) dialog: My agenda is to watch your back.
9) 391) dialog: To insure that all this time we've  spent together, building something,  wasn't wasted.
9) 393) dialog: I wasn't talking about the comic. (gets up) I'm going to gel a bagel.  Clean off  my fucking couch so I can watch TV.
9) 394) text: Banky walks away.  Holden shakes his head.
9) 451) text: 1) In Holden's Apartment - Alyssa waves in various  directions, shaking her head accordingly.  Then she puts  up her hands to stop.  Cut to Holden, hanging the  picture.  Alyssa gave him.   It hangs at a severely crooked angle.  He looks back to  her and shakes his head 'no'. 2) Holden and Alyssa try to play a video game.  Banky  plays as well.  Holden instructs her in the ways of NHL  '96 (turning her paddle right-side-up, pointing at things on the screen).  She presses the reset button, over and  over.  Banky gives Holden a 'What the fuck?' look.   Alyssa sticks her tongue at him. 3) At the Video Store - Holden picks up a Disney cartoon  off the shelf.  He goes to show if to Alyssa, who's  reading the back of 'Anything But Dick', an allchick  porno.  An old WOMAN stares at her.  Holden nods to the  old Woman and takes the tape out of Alyssa's hands,  putting it back on the shelf.  He ushers her away.  The  old Woman waits until they're gone and then picks up the  tape herself, 4) Holden carries Alyssa on his shoulders through the  park, her crotch against the back of his neck.  He's  talking. She taps him and he stops and looks up.  She  begins to maneuver around so her crotch is in his face.   He pulls her off and put her down.  She's laughing.  He's flushed with embarrassment.  The same Old Woman from the  Video store passes by with her husband.  Holden shrugs. 5) In Holden's Apartment again - Alyssa again with the  waving, then putting up her hands to stop.  Cut to Holden again, this time with the painting hung completely upside down.  He looks at it, then offers her a bewildered gaze. 6) In the Office Banky comes to his drawing table.  There are penciled pages on it with a note that says "Hanging  out with Alyssa today.  Holden".  Banky crumples it up  and throws it across the room. 7) In Holden's Apartment - Alyssa waves this way, then  that way, then puts up her hands frantically to stop.   She settles back against the wall, a satisfied smile  crawling across her face, and closes her eyes.  We pull  back to reveal Holden on his knees in front of her,  eating her out (no, we don't see anything!).
9) 453) dialog: Check out page forty eight.
9) 454) text: Holden looks down at that book.  It's the Nineteen Eighty Eight yearbook from Middletown North.  He shakes his head at Banky and flips it open. On the page is Alyssa's Senior year photo.  Under her  name is another name in quotes that says 'Finger Cuffs'.
9) 456) dialog: Did you see the nickname?
9) 458) dialog: And...?
9) 460) dialog: Do you know why it's 'Finger Cuffs'?
9) 462) dialog: I do. (takes a seat) You remember Cohee Lundin?  Left  Hudson and went to North our senior  year?
9) 464) dialog: Well, I ran into him at Food City the  other day, and we got to talking, and  I mentioned that you were dating  Alyssa, and he said..
9) 467) text: BACK IN THE OFFICE - Holden stares at Banky.
9) 469) dialog: Cohee's a lot of things, but an  exxagerator he's not.  The dude's  Catholic.
9) 471) dialog: That's what she says.  But I say her  on her hands and knees getting filled  out like an application constitutes  'being with a guy'.
9) 473) dialog: I'm getting your back, asshole!   People don't forget shit like 'Finger  Cuffs'.  And if it got out that she's  queer as well, how do you think it's  going to make you look?
9) 475) dialog: Alright, forget about that; what if  she's carrying a disease?  That was  just one story - what if there's more?
9) 477) dialog: What?  Oh, it's not possible that  she's all crudded up?  Cohee I can  vouch for as clean - the dude never  got laid in high school.  But Derris  is an arch fucking bush-man!  Name me  one chick in our senior class that  Rick Derris didn't nail, for Christ's  sake!
9) 479) dialog: And I'm telling you, the bitch could  be a bigger fucking germ farm than  that monkey in 'Outbreak'!
9) 480) text: Holden grabs Banky and pins him against the wall.
9) 482) text: He releases Banky.  Banky brushes himself off.
9) 483) dialog: Maybe I'll put your fucking teeth down  your throat.
9) 485) text: Banky runs to the open door.
9) 486) dialog: (calling after him) I've been working out you know! (no response) You better be ready to make that M-TV  deal!
9) 487) text: The downstairs door slams.  Banky makes a muscle, then  feels it.
9) 605) dialog: The girl?
9) 606) text: Holden nods.  Banky nods back.  He stands there for a  beat.  Then he sits beside Holden.  He opens his arms.   Holden shifts into his friend's embrace and begins crying on his shoulder.  Banky pats his back.  Pull back on a  man in pain and the comfort of a friend.
9) 702) dialog: I just figured you wanted to kill two  birds with one stone by telling her to  fuck off with me here so you didn't  have to go through the story again  later on.
9) 704) dialog: Not even if you let me videotape it.
9) 706) dialog: How perceptive.
9) 708) dialog: That's a nice way of putting it.  I'd  have said the whole double-stuff  thing...
9) 712) dialog: (makes a face; beat) What?
9) 714) dialog: (getting up) Well, I've got to get home and catch  the last few minutes of 'Babylon 5',  so I'll be...
9) 715) text: Holden grabs him, kisses him full on the lips, and pushes him back onto the couch Alyssa reacts.  Banky - wide-eyed and speechless - looks away.
9) 717) dialog: Just 'cause a guy's got a predilection  coward dick jokes...
9) 726) text: The room is silent.  Holden Lights a cigarette.  Banky's  eyes nearly bug.   Alyssa's  head drops.
9) 728) text: Banky stares forward, wide-eyed.  He leans back into the  couch and lets out a huge sigh.  Then shrugs.
9) 729) dialog: Sure.
9) 734) text: Holden reacts, shocked Banky lets out a sigh of relief.
9) 749) text: Alyssa storms away, stopping briefly to look Banky up and down.
9) 751) text: She walks our of the studio.  The door closes behind her. Banky and Holden stand there, silently.  Cut to black.
9) 753) dialog: Blast from the past.
9) 754) text: Banky sits at his own signing table.  Behind him hangs a  banner that reads 'BANKY EDWARDS - CREATOR Of BABY DAVE'. A small line is formed in front of him.  He talks with a  FAN.
9) 756) dialog: If you sell it, I want a kickback (starts signing)
9) 758) dialog: There was going to be
9) 760) dialog: (off comic) You're looking at it.  No Chronic - no  cartoon
9) 762) dialog: Tell me about it
9) 764) dialog: It was a little more involved than  that.
9) 766) dialog: He quit the biz.  I guess.
9) 768) dialog: (looks OC) No.  Not really.
9) 769) text: Banky locks eyes with someone OC.  His expression  softens. Holden leans against a wall on the far side of the room. He smiles at Banky.  Banky smiles back, and sort of nods. Holden holds up a copy of Banky's new solo comic.  He  points to it and gives a thumbs up.
9) 771) text: Banky smiles to OC.
9) 772) dialog: Guess not.  Some doors just shouldn't  be opened.
9) 773) text: Banky looks in another direction, OC.  He looks at Holden and points to it.   Holden looks in the same direction,  and then looks back at Banky and nods.
9) 775) text: Banky looks at Holden for a beat.  Then he brings his  pointer fingers together,  mimicing Holden's 'shared  moment' gesture. Holden shrugs slightly, then crosses his fingers - as if  to say 'hopefully'.
9) 777) text: Banky sort of smiles at the OC Holden.  Then he offers  his own thumbs up - as to say 'good luck'.
9) 778) dialog: (to fan, still looking OC) You're so right.
9) 781) text: The Fan Leaves, but Banky is watching Holden go.