0) 8) text: They approach the counter, where STEVE-DAVE, the store  manager, and WALT the Fan-boy, play a card game.
0) 26) text: Steve-Dave offers the boys his two middle fingers, then  goes back to playing his game with Walt.  Holden and  Banky stare, shocked.  Banky nudges Holden and they both  exit Steve-Dave and the Fan-boy slap hands and go back to playing.
1) 0) text: A physically large FAN - sweaty brow, tote bag bursting  with comics - leans forward, smiling.
1) 1) dialog: Could you sign it To a really big  fan!
1) 2) text: Holden sits at a table.  Across from the barely-managing- to-stand Fan.  He offers him a patronizingly kind, half- smile in return,
1) 4) text: We're at a Comic Book show, specifically at a book- signing. Behind Holden hangs a large banner, heralding  HOLDEN McNEIL AND BANKY EDWARDS - CREATORS OF BLUNTMAN AND CHRONIC'. Beside it is a large  mock-up of the comic book cover which features two stoner super-heroes who bear a striking resemblance to a pair of very familiar friendly  neighborhood drug dealers, Holden hands the book back to the Fan.
1) 5) dialog: I love this book man!  This shit's  awesome.  I wish I was like these guys  - getting stoned, talking all raw  about                chicks and fighting  supervillains!  I love these guys!   They're like Cheech and Chong' meet  Bill and fed'!
1) 7) dialog: Yeah! (beat) Who!
1) 31) text: Holden accepts a comic from another Fan.
9) 167) text: With the requisite music, over which we hear a  conversation between Holden and Alyssa. 1) Holden and Alyssa sit in the DINER eating.  Holden's  talking.  The Waitress walks past and drops her pad.  She bends over, to pick it up, hiking her mini-skirt up in  the process.  Alyssa stares at her ass.  Holden stops  talking and stares at her.  Alyssa looks over at him and  offers a caught smile. 2) Holden pushes a shopping cart at the FOOD STORE,  throwing various things into the basket.  Alyssa comes up with a box of Tampons and throws them in.  Holden glances at them, a bit flushed.  Alyssa catches him, picks up the box, and pulls one out.  She proceeds to demonstrate  their usage, throwing one leg on the can and miming  insertion.  Holden puts up his hands in the "I know, I  know," fashion. 3) In the Studio, Holden displays some of his artwork to  Alyssa, during which she pulls out a cigarette and goes  to light it.  It's a child-proof lighter, so she's having trouble.  Holden grows a little frustrated.  Finally, he  grabs the lighter and pulls the child proof tab out with  his teeth.  Alyssa stares at him a bit taken aback.   Holden spits the tab out, and lights Alyssa's smoke.  He  then continues with his display. 4) Holden and Alyssa at the COMIC BOOK STORE.  Steve-Dave and the Fan-Boy eye them suspiciously.  Alyssa pays for a comic.  Steve-Dave glowers at Holden.  He gives Alyssa  her change and they exit.  Steve-Dave goes back to his  card game with the Fan-Boy.  Suddenly, a garbage can  comes crashing through their window.  Steve-Dave rips a  check off the garbage can and punches the counter.  The  Fan-Boy rubs his back soothingly, 5) Holden and Alyssa walk through a PARKING LOT, talking. She takes his hand and pulls his arm around her shoulder. Holden smiles to himself.
9) 754) text: Banky sits at his own signing table.  Behind him hangs a  banner that reads 'BANKY EDWARDS - CREATOR Of BABY DAVE'. A small line is formed in front of him.  He talks with a  FAN.
9) 755) dialog: Do you know how much it's going for  these days?  One ten.  You signing it  will push that up even higher,
9) 757) dialog: I don't know if this is true, but I  heard once that there was going to be  an animated series.
9) 759) dialog: What happened!
9) 761) dialog: That sucks man.  That would've been  awesome.
9) 763) dialog: Is that what happened to you and  Holden McNeil?  You got into a fight  over the rights or something?
9) 765) dialog: Whatever happened to him?
9) 767) dialog: You guys don't talk anymore?
9) 781) text: The Fan Leaves, but Banky is watching Holden go.
9) 818) text: He walks away.  A few steps away, he turns and waves  again.  She waves back.  And then he starts moving  through the thrall of fan-boys. The Woman returns with coffee.  She follows Alyssa's  gaze.