2) 0) text: HOOPER fills the frame.  He comes off like a typical, pro black/anti-white homeboy.
2) 1) dialog: For years in this industry whenever an  African-American character - hero or  villain - was introduced usually by  white artists and writers - they got  slapped with racist names that singled  them out as negroes: Black Panther,  Black Lightning, Black Goliath, Black         Mantra, Black Talon, Black Spider,  Black Hand, Black Falcon, Black Cat..
2) 3) dialog: She is? (beat) Well bust this - regardless.
2) 5) dialog: (holds up comic) Now my book, White-Hating Coon',  doesn't have any of that bullshit. The  hero's name is Maleekwa, and he's a         descendant of the black tribe that  established the first society on the  planet, while all you European mother         fuckers were still hiding in caves and  shit, all terrified of the sun. He's a  strong role model that a young black         reader can look up to, Cause I'm here  to tell you - the chickens are comin'  home to roost, ya'll: the black man's         no longer gonna play the minstrel in  the medium of comics and Sci- Fi/Fantasy!  We're keeping it real,  and we're gonna get respect -  by any means necessary!
2) 8) text: Hooper whips his head around, looking for the source of  the comment
2) 9) dialog: Who said that?!?
2) 11) dialog: Fuck Lando Calrissian!  Uncle Tom  nigger!  Always some white boy gotta  invoke the holy trilogy'! Bust this -  those movies are about how the white  man keeps the brother man down - even  in a galaxy far, far away.  Check                 this shit.  You got cracker farm-boy  Luke Skywalker, Nazi poster boy -  blond hair, blue eyes.   And then you've got                Darth  Vader: the blackest brother in the  galaxy.  Nubian God.
2) 13) dialog: Shut the fuck up!  Now Vader, he's a  spiritual brother, with the force and  all that shit.  Then this cracker  Skywalker gets his hands on a light- saber, and the boy decides he's                 gonna run the fucking universe - gets  a whole Klan of whites together, and  they're gonna bust up Vader's hood                 the Death Star.  Now what the fuck do  you call that!
2) 15) dialog: Gentrification.  They're gonna drive  our the black element, to make the  galaxy quote, unquote safe' for white  folks.
2) 17) dialog: Don't make me bust a cap in your ass,  yo!  Jedi's the most insulting  installment, because Vader's  beautiful,                black visage is  sullied when he pulls off his mask to  reveal a feeble, crusty white man!  They're trying to tell us that deep  inside, we all want to be white!
2) 19) text: Hooper explodes, He pulls a nine millimeter from his  belt, draws on Banky and fires.  Banky goes down, falling forward into the crowd The crowd screams and starts to  scatter, Hooper jumps over the table and raises his fists in the air.
2) 20) dialog: BLACK RAGE! BLACK RAGE!!  I'LL KILL  ANY WHITE FOLKS I LAY MY MOTHER  FUCKIN' EYES ON!!!
2) 21) text: The crowd-is gone.  Holden sits in his chair, laughing.  Hooper steps off the stage and picks Banky's head up off  the floor.
2) 22) dialog: (breaking character) What's a Nubian!'  Bitch, you almost  made me laugh!
2) 23) text: Hooper sounds different Actually, he sounds gay.   Actually - he is.  Banky smiles.
2) 27) dialog: (off gun) Well this right here - she full of  blanks, okay.  And Opiate gets all  sorts of legal clearances before I go  on.
2) 29) dialog: Condones?  Honey, they insist.  I need  to sell the image to sell the book  Would the audience still buy the  Black Rage' angle if they found out  the book was written by a.. a...
2) 31) dialog: When you say if it sounds so sexy... (he kisses Banky full on the  lips)
2) 36) dialog: Look out, boys - this kitten has a  whip.
2) 38) dialog: (defending himself) Holden.  Banky - this pile of P.M.S.  is Alyssa Jones.  She does that book  Idiosyncratic Routine'.  This is the  fourth panel we've been on together,  and even though she knows my publisher  sets this up and pays for the event.  She still gets mad when it ends with  my act.
2) 40) dialog: That's what my father said when I came  - nay - leapt out of the closet (off guys) These boys do Bluntman and Chronic',  which outsells both of our books put  together, hence they're never on a  panel with the likes of us.  They  slumming right now.
2) 49) dialog: Hey, jealousy. (to the Boys) I told Alyssa I'd buy her a post-rave  drink.  Do the Garden-Staters have to  sprint to the Lincoln Tunnel, or can  you stay for a round in the big, scary  city!
2) 52) text: Banky offers Holden a puzzled glance.  Then he nods to  Hooper.
2) 56) dialog: Archie and Jughead were lovers. (sips his drink)
2) 58) dialog: It's true.  Archie was the bitch and  Jughead was the butch - that's why  Jughead wears that crown-looking hat  all the time: he the king, of queen  Archie's world.
2) 62) dialog: (pulls out a dollar and hands  it to Banky) Here.  I want you to go down to the  corner store and buy yourself a clue.  Go on.
2) 64) dialog: I told you to watch it with that Urkel  shit.  Face it, girl - Archie's a  sister.
2) 66) dialog: Moi?
2) 68) dialog: (sliding out of booth) This boy is conflicted, I shall play  mother-therapist for him.  You two sit  tight.  We shall return promptly.
2) 69) text: Banky and Hooper exit, leaving Alyssa and Holden alone at the table.
2) 132) text: Alyssa exits to the night.  Holden stares after her.  Two beats later, Hooper and Banky enter, holding an  'Everything's Archie' comic between them.
2) 134) dialog: Deny, deny, deny. (to Holden) Where's Alyssa?
2) 137) dialog: Read between the lines.
2) 141) dialog: (looking out window) D'jou see that dent in the hood of  your car!
2) 143) text: Banky runs out Holden shrugs at Hooper.
2) 144) dialog: Let me guess: you like her!
2) 146) dialog: Miss Alyssa Jones.
2) 148) dialog: As long as that's all. (finishes drink) Maybe you can convince that partner of  your's to drop me off downtown before  you scurry out the tunnel!
2) 151) dialog: Hell no.  Weatherbee was Reggie's  bitch.
3) 10) text: CROSSCUT between Holden and Hooper.  He's on a phone in a CLUB.
3) 11) dialog: Hooper here.  Listen, I know how you  burb-fiends hate the city, but there's  a club shindig going down that I think  you'd get into.
3) 13) dialog: Place called Her-sterectomy - I'm  tempting as bar-keep.
3) 15) dialog: I told her you wouldn't be interested.
3) 17) dialog: Alyssa.
3) 19) dialog: How do you begin and end a question  with the same word like that?  You got  skill.  Yes, that one.  She asked me  to invite you.  Now here's the part  where you say...
3) 21) dialog: Thought so.  Ten o'clock.  Later. (both hang up)
4) 0) text: It's a club - people are mingling, a band is playing,  it's loud.  But something's fishy.  Hooper's tending bar. He hands a GUY a drink.  The Guy sips it.
4) 2) text: Hooper looks around in a very exaggerated fashion.
4) 4) dialog: Trying to find you a tissue.
4) 5) text: The Guy shoots Hooper an angry glare, Banky enters.
4) 7) dialog: As long as you don't bitch about how  little alcohol is in the drink. (hands Banky a drink; to Guy) You owe me five sixty.
4) 13) dialog: Where's your better half!
4) 15) dialog: That's funny - he says you're hung  like an infant.
4) 20) dialog: Over there...
4) 22) dialog: Been dancin' for an hour.  Hasn't  stopped yet.
4) 23) text: Hooper, Holden, and Banky stare OC.
4) 26) dialog: Wait. wait, wait - there's something  you should know.
4) 28) dialog: Well.. no.
4) 32) dialog: 'Chicks'.  You're such a man.
4) 82) text: The crowd thunders.  Alyssa offers the Singer an  embarrassed half-smile.  She looks at Holden, who claps  along with the others and nods toward the stage.  Alyssa  shakes her head and relents, heading through the crowd Banky and Hooper stand at the bar.
4) 84) dialog: (beat) You don't know the half of it.
9) 489) dialog: Where's that bitch partner of your's  been?
9) 491) dialog: I think it's more like Banky's having  a problem with all things not hetero  right about now.  And I'm just another  paradigm of said aberration.
9) 493) dialog: But I do think he is a bit homophobic.   And this latest episode between you  and Ms. Thing has tapped into that.   In his warped perception, he lost you  to the dark side - which is she.
9) 495) dialog: Don't kid yourself - that boy loves  you in a way that he's not ready to  deal with.
9) 497) dialog: And just what has Mister Angela  Lansbury uncovered about your lady  fair?
9) 499) dialog: Really?  Well then he's barking up the  wrong we if he wants to split you up,  isn't he?  He's not going to make you  see the error of your ways by pointing  out how truly gay she's not (holds up a disc) This one?
9) 501) dialog: How so?
9) 503) dialog: So, what if it is true?  Would that  bother you?
9) 505) text: Hooper lets our a faux-shock shriek.
9) 509) dialog: So what do you care?
9) 511) dialog: Kind of gal Alyssa is, you don't think  she's been in the middle of an all - girl group-grope?
9) 513) dialog: Oh Holden, I beg you - please don't  drop fifty stories in my opinion of  you by falling prey to that latest of  trendy beasts.
9) 515) dialog: Lesbian chic.  It's oh-so acceptable  to be a gay girl nowadays.  People  think it's cute, because they've got  this fool picture in their heads about  lipstick lesbians - like they all  resemble Alyssa - while most of them  look more like you.
9) 517) dialog: Gay or straight - ugly's still ugly.   And most of those boys are scary.
9) 519) dialog: Screw that 'all for one' shit.  I  gotta deal with being the minority in  the minority of the minority, and  nobody's supporting my ass?  While the  whole of society is fawning over girls- on-girls, here I sit - a reviled gay  man, and to top that off,  I'm a gay  black man - notoriously the most  swishy of the bunch.
9) 521) dialog: Hey, hey!  There's a line.
9) 522) text: A young BLACK KID approaches Hooper, holding a comic  book.
9) 524) dialog: (in militant mode) A-salaam Alaikum, little brother.
9) 526) dialog: (signing comic; nods to  Holden) See that guy there?  He's the devil,  you understand?  Never take your eye  off the Man.  Our people took their  eyes off him one time, and he had us  in chains in two shakes of his snake's  tail.
9) 527) text: The Kid offers Holden an angry look.  Hooper gives him  back his comic.
9) 528) dialog: Fight the power, little 'G'.
9) 530) text: The Kid leaves, Hooper slips back into his real voice.
9) 531) dialog: Look at what I have to resort to for  professional respect.  What is it  about gay men that terrifies the rest  of the world. (shakes his head) As for this hang-up with Alyssa's  past, maybe what's really bothering  you is that your fragile fantasy might  not be true.
9) 533) dialog: Holden - don't even try to come off  like you don't know what I'm saying.   Men need to believe that they're Marco  fucking Polo when it comes to sex -  like they're the only ones who've ever  explored new territory.  And it's hard  not to let them believe it.  I let my  boys run with it for awhile - feed  them some of that "I've never done  this before..." bullshit, and let 'em  labor under the delusion that they  rockin' my world, until I can't stand  them anymore.  Then I hit 'em with the  truth.  It's a sick game.  The world  would be a better place if people  would just accept that there's nothing  new under the sun, and everything you  can do with a person has probably been  done long before you got there.
9) 535) dialog: Honey, that almost sounded convincing.   Do yourself a favor - just ask her  about her past, point blank.  Get it  out of the way, before it gets too big  for both ya'll to move. (spotting something OC) Oooh!  'Myra Breckinridge'!
9) 536) text: Hooper trots off, Holden glances at the disc in his  hands.  Pictured on it are two gorgeous chicks, barely  clad, making out.  The title is 'Men Suck.. and so do  Girls - All XXX Action.'