9) 167) text: With the requisite music, over which we hear a  conversation between Holden and Alyssa. 1) Holden and Alyssa sit in the DINER eating.  Holden's  talking.  The Waitress walks past and drops her pad.  She bends over, to pick it up, hiking her mini-skirt up in  the process.  Alyssa stares at her ass.  Holden stops  talking and stares at her.  Alyssa looks over at him and  offers a caught smile. 2) Holden pushes a shopping cart at the FOOD STORE,  throwing various things into the basket.  Alyssa comes up with a box of Tampons and throws them in.  Holden glances at them, a bit flushed.  Alyssa catches him, picks up the box, and pulls one out.  She proceeds to demonstrate  their usage, throwing one leg on the can and miming  insertion.  Holden puts up his hands in the "I know, I  know," fashion. 3) In the Studio, Holden displays some of his artwork to  Alyssa, during which she pulls out a cigarette and goes  to light it.  It's a child-proof lighter, so she's having trouble.  Holden grows a little frustrated.  Finally, he  grabs the lighter and pulls the child proof tab out with  his teeth.  Alyssa stares at him a bit taken aback.   Holden spits the tab out, and lights Alyssa's smoke.  He  then continues with his display. 4) Holden and Alyssa at the COMIC BOOK STORE.  Steve-Dave and the Fan-Boy eye them suspiciously.  Alyssa pays for a comic.  Steve-Dave glowers at Holden.  He gives Alyssa  her change and they exit.  Steve-Dave goes back to his  card game with the Fan-Boy.  Suddenly, a garbage can  comes crashing through their window.  Steve-Dave rips a  check off the garbage can and punches the counter.  The  Fan-Boy rubs his back soothingly, 5) Holden and Alyssa walk through a PARKING LOT, talking. She takes his hand and pulls his arm around her shoulder. Holden smiles to himself.
9) 622) text: A WAITRESS joins them.
9) 623) dialog: What can I get you.
9) 645) text: The Waitress returns with the order.
9) 647) text: The Waitress stares wide-eyed and offended at Jay.