13) 14) dialog: Bridget, isn’t it? Alice looks her up and down, slightly witheringly.
13) 16) dialog: Team meeting tomorrow morning. We can do introductions then. Alice sashays out, Bridget does a pantomime ‘scared face’ behind her back as she walks away, Alice turns on her hee and catches Bridget at it. Bridget disguises it as someth else, but fails.
13) 17) dialog: 9 a.m. We should all start an hour earlier from now on.
48) 0) text: Alice Peabody is addressing the assembled staff of Hard N Richard Finch sidles in looking every inch the hipster wi full beard and moustache. He smiles smugly at Alice’s hip assistants.
48) 1) dialog: It’s called ‘news’ because it should feel new, otherwise it would be called ‘olds’. Last night our top three stories were twenty-three dead in the Middle East, boring, Earthquake in Asia, seen it before, car crash on the M5, blah blah blah. We are making ‘olds’. We need to flip the switch, mix it up. I want to nutri bullet the shit out of the news. Richard leans across to Bridget and Miranda.
48) 4) dialog: We need to grab the attention, get eyes on screen, we need stories like, is your sofa bed giving you cancer? Is your freezer giving you Alzheimer's?
48) 7) dialog: Literally no evidence, but you’re missing the point. You’re intrigued aren’t you? I want to launch Hard News's rebranding with a clear new, objective. We have a presentation in twelve weeks at the London Media Show and I need someone dynamic, innovative and focused to lead the charge. Any volunteers? In a fit of enthusiasm Bridget thrusts up her hand, she i the only person to do so. Everybody looks stunned, includ Alice, who chooses not to acknowledge her.
48) 8) dialog: Anybody at all?... Still, only Bridget’s hand remains aloft. Miranda leans o to her and whispers.
48) 10) dialog: Do you need the loo Bridget?
53) 0) text: Bridget is at her desk as Alice marches up. Bridget spots and puts on her best ‘concentrating face’, focusing on he computer.
53) 1) dialog: Hi, so I just wanted to connect, check how the presentation was shaping up.
53) 3) dialog: What?... I’m relying on you Bridget. I need you to get this right. Understand?
55) 2) dialog: I have to say Bridget, I’m actually excited about this next guest. Relevant, relatable and extremely fuckable. Good work.
59) 2) dialog: This is dynamite, tell her to flirt more.
61) 0) text: Alice’s face goes black.
61) 1) dialog: And we've lost them... if he carries on talking about ‘algorithms’ I’m cutting to that VT of cats who look like Hitler. Bridget steels herself, speaks into the earpiece.
63) 1) dialog: Cue Hitler Cats! A picture comes on the monitor of a cat that looks exactl like Hitler - all ready to roll.
63) 8) dialog: Love it!
78) 2) dialog: Ah, lovely, pregnant Bridget, how are you feeling...
78) 4) dialog: (Totally cutting her off) Ahhh, that sounds amazing. How’s the presentation looking for tomorrow?
79) 0) text: A crowd waiting for the presentation to start. A banner w the words: Exposure - Crowd-Sourcing the News. Amongst th a concerned looking Alice and an amused looking Finch. A nervous Bridget stands, hands-free microphone on.
80) 6) dialog: What the hell was that? What were you thinking? I have 4 voicemails from David Cartwright on my phone that I dare not listen to.
80) 9) dialog: Is it that presentation?
80) 11) dialog: Sorry doesn’t cut it, I seriously have to question whether there is a place for you at Hard News... To her horror, she now sees Ariyaratna intercepting his h Jack Quant and introducing him to Mark Darcy.
111) 2) dialog: On balance I would suggest ‘can’t’ considering I just found General Lu Tong in the lobby, and his chauffeur is currently live on air answering questions about Burmese human rights violations. Good job!
112) 0) text: Alice sits at her desk opposite Richard and Bridget. The front pages of the newspaper reads “So long Lu Tong!”.
112) 2) dialog: I’m not firing her for being pregnant. I’m firing her for gross incompetency.
112) 4) dialog: How about for interviewing a chauffeur instead of a General, publicly insulting the CEO of the London Media Show, using a TV interview to determine if a guest might be the father of her child and being responsible for broadcast of 36 bare arses.