3) 0) text: BRIDGET JONES enters the church. She’s older than when we last saw her, forty three to be exact, slim and elegantly dressed. She takes a deep breath and collects herself. Bridget spots Jude and Shazzer and heads towards them. Shazzer greets her with a big hug.
3) 2) dialog: Yes, but I still can’t believe he’s gone. REVEAL - at the front a portrait of DANIEL CLEAVER. ANOTHER REVEAL - The congregation consists mainly of ludicrously attractive, glamorous women, all weeping.
3) 3) dialog: His death seems to have hit the Eastern European teenage modelling community particularly hard.
3) 6) text: A random guy, JOHN, takes his place next to Bridget. A hu descends and the service begins. A dour looking Minister assumes the pulpit.
3) 9) dialog: Fuck. What the fuck is he doing here? We see MARK DARCY enter at the back of the church. A litt older, a little greyer, but still just as handsome. As Bridget takes this surprise in, she sees an attractive woman, CAMILLA take his arm.
3) 13) dialog: I mean, yes, conventionally, I suppose. SUDDENLY DARCY LOOKS OVER. Bridget, aware of Darcy's gaze, grabs onto random John’s
3) 14) dialog: (whispers) Sorry, I'm just very emotional. Darcy looks over, she pretends not to see and affectionat brushes the fluff from a bewildered John’s shoulder. Darcy faintly but discernibly registers this. John tries to shake himself free. Bridget struggles to cl on to his arm but John uncouples himself, and Bridget is solo. Darcy glances over.
3) 17) dialog: (whispers to Jude) You know he could be very sensitive, he could make you feel like you were the only woman in the world. I remember when he took me rowing on the Serpentine and quoted Keats by heart. “Where be ye going, you Devon Maid? And what have ye there in the basket?” Bridget drifts off in fond reverie. The glamorous young w stands in the pulpit.
3) 20) dialog: Daniel was a man who touched many of us, here today, including me. There is a small, slightly awkward pause, but she continu unabated.
3) 21) dialog: Right now, if Daniel were here, he would have told me to ‘Shut up, Jones’ and he would’ve been right. All I really need to say is, I miss you, dear Daniel. We all do. Thank you.
4) 0) text: The congregation is leaving. At the back of the church Bridget says goodbye to her friends. As she turns, she fi herself face to face with Mark Darcy and his wife.
4) 2) dialog: Mark.
4) 4) dialog: Less old....more childhood.
4) 5) dialog: Hello. Hello. Awkward pauses all round.
4) 6) dialog: Nice memorial..... as memorials go. Almost makes one look forward to one’s own. Camilla just stares at Bridget strangely.
4) 8) dialog: Yes. Goodbye. They part in opposite ways. At the last moment, Mark look back.
5) 0) text: Bridget walks across the familiar bridge.
5) 1) dialog: Here I am Bridget Jones, one day short of 43. Of the two loves of my life: one is dead and the other is married. She walks on...
5) 3) dialog: Still, not to dwell on the negatives. Many positives to note. Am down to ideal weight! Am 685 days without a single cigarette. Am hitting government target for recommended intake of alcohol. 2-3 units per day. A good looking man clocks her and takes her in as she wal she smiles to herself once he has passed.
5) 4) dialog: Have top job as producer of award winning intelligent persons news programme. Bridget walks through the now fashionable Borough Market. passes the smallest Italian restaurant in the world, and waves at GIANNI, the owner.
5) 5) dialog: AND...have foot on London’s property ladder in now-fashionable Borough Market... 7 EXT./INT. BRIDGET’S FLAT. CONTINUOUS 7 She trips up over a brand new, unused bicycle in the hall Looks at it guiltily. She enters her sitting room just as fast train bullets past the windows, shaking the walls.
5) 6) dialog: ...cleverly acquired just before the new-improved transport links. And even though I am still single, I have NOT acquired a cat. Then she opens a ‘funny’ birthday card featuring an old l and a cat. She enters her make-shift office and goes to the shelf wh her old diaries are. She rifles through them to find a photograph of her and Daniel, which is placed between the pages. She looks at it mournfully before her eyes settle the diary entry on the page behind the photo... “Reasons Mark Darcy and I could never work” followed by a list of reasons. 8 INT. BEDROOM. BRIDGET’S FLAT. NIGHT 8 Bridget lies in her bed. On one bedside table is a pile of serious political tomes on the other, some self-help books. “Spinsterhood is the Feminism”, “Jog yourself Happy”, A 5:2 diet book with an empty Kit-Kat wrapper on top, and on the floor in a pile dirty clothes “The Life Changing Powers of Tidying” She o for none of these, and picks up her iPad with a red cover types.
5) 8) dialog: If today has taught me anything, it’s that life is short, you’ve got to seize the day, stop making the same mistakes, stop looking back and... and not be dissuaded by the very simple fact that the future, seems to be something- Suddenly the screen goes black. Bridget drags a charger a stray bra tangled in the wires across the floor. Plugs it She then tries to get back in bed with the iPad, but real the lead is just too short to reach.
5) 9) dialog: ...that happens to everyone else whilst I am still scrabbling around for an iPad charger. She attempts to lean out of her bed and continue to type, realizes it’s too awkward and uncomfortable.
5) 10) dialog: (randomly) I mean, it’s not like we even had that much in common when it came down to it. She gives up and switches off her light. 9 INT. BRIDGET’S FLAT. EARLY NEXT MORNING. 9 In the near darkness. Bridget’s phone rings loudly. She b up out of bed.
5) 12) dialog: Mum, it’s 6.00am! Bridget studies her phone curiously.
5) 14) dialog: The point of Facetime is that you don’t have to hold it to your ear. Mum removes it from her ear, the camera swings round to reveal Dad sitting on the loo, oblivious. SHOOTING SCRIPT.
5) 18) dialog: I’m putting the phone down now Mum. DAD emerges from the bathroom.
5) 22) dialog: Mum, it’s the Parish Council election, not the U.S. Primaries. Bridget hangs up.
5) 23) dialog: At least no one at work knows it’s my birthday.
5) 28) dialog: Oh God, oh God. Who told you? MIRANDA, a gorgeous, thirty-something friend of Bridget’s presenter of the show, steps forward and takes a selfie w her.
5) 31) text: Then mid-song the fire alarm starts to go off and then th sprinklers start. RICHARD FINCH, Bridget’s fifty-something-but-trying-to-lo younger boss, pops his head through the studio backdrop.
6) 0) text: Bridget is striding down the corridor - a woman at the to her game - West Wing style - with two young, deferential assistants JOSH and LAURA striding alongside, hanging on her every word, taking notes.
6) 1) dialog: Josh, I want you to see what Reuters are saying about the attacks in Ramallah. I might need a live link. And Laura, tell Adam I'll be in to check the human trafficking VT. JOSH and LAURA peel off and MIRANDA joins her.
6) 6) dialog: I know, I’ve really been practising, “NGochi” They go backwards and forwards “NGochi-ing” at each other
7) 0) text: Bridget and Miranda continue to talk as Miranda is primpe and preened by a hair and make-up woman, CATHY. Cathy tries to N’Gochi too. They are all at it.
7) 2) dialog: It’s all in the throat.
7) 5) dialog: Night out with the gang.
7) 9) dialog: Chance would be a fine thing. I’m beginning to think I’ve passed my sell-by-date. I’m like an old packet of custard creams, all mouldy and crushed.
7) 11) dialog: I’m not a MILF, I’m not even a Mum. I’m a spinster, I’m a SPILF. SUSAN comes in.
8) 0) text: Bridget takes prime position at the desk in the gallery i front of all the monitors. She slips on her microphone.
9) 9) dialog: God no, I imagine they’re hard boiled by now.
11) 0) text: Bridget’s mobile rings. It reads TOM. Bridget picks up. BRIDGET. (hurriedly, whispering) Hey Tom. Can’t really...
11) 6) dialog: (to Tom) I know he had his faults, he could be a massive arsehole. But I miss him. We all do. 18
11) 9) dialog: At least he was never boring.
12) 0) text: Bridget signs off to Tom and puts down the phone. Thinking everything is going well, she now starts paying attention to the interview.
12) 1) dialog: (to Miranda) Do you think a spirit of
13) 2) dialog: They’re the management team? I thought they were the interns. Richard points to the floor and Peabody.
13) 4) dialog: Everybody’s older than her. I’ve got cans of soup in my cupboard older than her.
13) 7) dialog: Thank you Miranda.
13) 12) dialog: No!
13) 15) dialog: Yes. Pleased to...
14) 0) text: Bridget leaves with Miranda.
14) 2) dialog: Thanks, but I can’t let the old gang down. They'd be disappointed. Bridget switches her phone on after work and a flurry of texts come through. Miranda heads towards the bike racks. She reads a text from SHAZZER: ‘Happy Birthday. Sorry Bri but can’t get a ‘sitter tonight.’ Bridget’s phone pings again. She reads a text from JUDE. vomiting emoji, four BABY FACE emojis and a SAD FACE emoj A third ping. TOM: “Where are you? Get your freak on, bit
14) 3) dialog: Thank God for the gays!
15) 0) text: Bridget enters a strobe-lit gym, almost tripping over. A large sign reads STROBE CYCLE. Loud, gay club anthems ban out. TOM O.S. Okay ladies, click in. TOM, at the front of the class, on a spinning cycle. He's manning the record decks while simultaneously cycling and speaking into a head-mic.
16) 0) text: Tom waving off the last Strobe Cyclist. Bridget, exhauste barely able to breathe.
16) 1) dialog: (wheezing) It will take me three martinis to recover and you are buying.
16) 6) dialog: Oh Tom, this is fantastic news! She gives him the biggest hug.
16) 8) dialog: Brilliant.
16) 10) dialog: It's alright. Go! Go! Bridget is left alone on a bicycle. INT. BRIDGET’S FLAT. NIGHT. DARKNESS. 24 Bridget, alone, lights a candle on a single cupcake. She pours herself a glass of wine and reaches for a cigarette an old packet on top of the cupboard. Then thinks better it. The radio plays, “All By Myself”. BRIDGET. Oh fuck off! She flicks it off.
16) 13) dialog: Must not dwell on why the biological clock, though clearly ticking, has not compelled me yet to Colombia, or Olly Husbands Bosworth’s sperm, or even into the arms of inappropriate men met on Internet. Always thought I'd find love of my life and then baby would follow. I may be old of womb, but will remain young at heart. Will start to embrace life in manner of thirty-something friends like Miranda, who don’t seem to care about settling, or babies, or ticking clocks. We tilt up from a pair of Hunter wellies, cut-off denim shorts, a backpack. Miranda makes her way across the concourse to meet Bridget. We tilt up from a pair of elegant high-heels, a smart dre and a giant wheelie suitcase. Bridget spots Miranda.
16) 14) dialog: What the fuck!
17) 0) text: Miranda and Bridget enter the festival. Bridget is wheeli her smart suitcase through the mud with little success. T are posters everywhere advertising bands or specific tent and wherever there is a sign it features a ‘SPONSORED BY QWANTIFY’ logo.
17) 2) dialog: Putting a ‘Gl’ before it doesn’t make it any better. Calling him Gladolf Hitler wouldn’t suddenly make you forget all the unpleasantness.
17) 6) dialog: Rubbish, I barely think about him.
17) 8) dialog: The first man?!
17) 11) dialog: Woof woof. (to Miranda) I’m not sleeping with him. Behind him is a poster advertising the literary tent, wit picture of JACK QUANT - the caption reads ‘Algorithms Cha The World’.
17) 17) dialog: Thank you... I.... Miranda appears waving wellies and shorts. She shouts.
17) 20) dialog: I should go, or she’ll have me sweeping fireplaces all afternoon. Nice to meet you... She’s already heading off.
18) 0) text: Bridget and Miranda faced with a hundred identical yurts.
18) 1) dialog: Right. Which one’s ours?
19) 0) text: Miranda and Bridget open the door to reveal one bed.
19) 2) dialog: Intimate. Miranda breaks out a bottle of vodka - hands it to Bridge who tucks straight in.
20) 0) text: - We track along a row of themed bars, where Bridget and Miranda are downing every cocktail, real ale and vodka sh and as they ‘cheers’ each other, they shout.
20) 2) dialog: NGochi! NGochi!
21) 0) text: Bridget and Miranda are dancing away like dervishes among the ridiculously young crowd to a thumping dance track, having the time of their lives. There are people in Zorb balls on the dancefloor. Bridget shouts across to Miranda
21) 1) dialog: (Gleeful) It’s 2.30 in the afternoon! I should be hoovering!
22) 0) text: A tipsy Miranda and Bridget are backstage having fun by t bar.
22) 1) dialog: This is incredible, we have to get a photo. Bridget turns round to find somebody to take a photo of t She taps the person next to them at the bar on the should
22) 2) dialog: Excuse me, would you mind if we asked you to... He turns round - REVEAL - it’s ED SHEERAN.
22) 7) dialog: Yes, terribly sorry, we thought it would be fun to have a picture of us backstage among all these glamorous people. I think that’s the man from ‘Cash In The Attic’ , it would be great if you could get him in shot.
22) 10) dialog: We just wanted you to take a selfie of us. He attempts to make a joke to lighten the situation.
22) 14) dialog: I thought he was kind of cute. He looked very familiar. I think he works in the Starbucks in Balham.
23) 0) text: A tipsy Miranda and Bridget are looking lost. They spot a tent.
23) 2) dialog: Great! I love him... her... them?
24) 8) dialog: (whispering to Miranda) Let’s stay...he’s interesting. Bridget forces Miranda to sit down in two empty seats. Ba on stage Jack has the crowd rapt.
24) 28) text: 35 36 Jack's eyes fall back to where Bridget was sitting. She’s gone.
25) 0) text: Ed Sheeran belts out the iconic and brilliant ‘Sing’. The crowd love him, so do Bridget and Miranda. Bridget, now loving festival life, jiggles on top of Miranda’s straining shoulders.
25) 2) dialog: I know... It’s the guy from Starbucks! LATER: Miranda bucks Bridget off her shoulders. As she is crowd-surfed over the heads of the fans, Bridget’s image appears on a multitude of screens flanking the stage. LATER: Miranda is in her bra inside a giant inflated zorb ball rolling around.
26) 0) text: Bridget crashes into the pitch black yurt, laughing. She off her dress, flops into bed, exhausted.
26) 1) dialog: I’ve got to admit, that was fun. No response.
26) 2) dialog: You know what, you’re right, what I need is a good shafting, some good old fashioned, lie-back-and-think- of-England bonking.
26) 4) dialog: Oh my god... how? (genuine surprise) What are you doing in my yurt...? She looks around and sees all his things scattered.
26) 5) dialog: With all your possessions, and clothes, and luggage...
26) 8) dialog: Oh my god, you’re the algorithm guy.
27) 0) text: Ed Sheeran performs an unplugged version of ‘Thinking Out Loud’ to a rapt small audience. As he sings a giant Zorb ball with Miranda inside, rolls gently into the tent. INT. JACK’S YURT. NIGHT. 38 Bridget is lying on her front on the bed, facing Jack as fills in the Qwantify questionnaire online. Their faces illuminated by the screen.
27) 1) dialog: I thought you said a few questions.
27) 3) dialog: Only when absolutely necessary. When facing major illness and/or when stuck in a lift.
27) 6) dialog: Usually after applying the five— second rule, but not if it’s butter- side down.
27) 8) dialog: Well, I pretended to be disabled to get to the front of a Duran Duran concert; I watched ‘Dirty Dancing’ eight times in one day, and had sex with Olly Husbands-Bosworth in my Dad’‘s old Renault. Jack laughs.
27) 10) dialog: Tricky....but on reflection...quite possibly...yes. (Beat) Does it count if you’ve got money on it?
27) 12) dialog: Terms were not officially agreed but it went along the lines of my friend betting me that I had to sleep with the first man I met.
27) 14) dialog: Second.
27) 16) dialog: Are we finished with the questions?
27) 20) dialog: A hundred percent. I’m not that kind of girl.
27) 22) dialog: Without question.
27) 24) dialog: Do you think you may have found me a match?
27) 26) dialog: An American? Sounds terrible...
27) 28) text: 41 42 43 44 45 46 47 EXT. YURT. LATER. 4l Nobody is awake. It’s been raining and the field is a swa muddy bog. Bridget, in a flap, jumps out of Jack’s yurt, lands in a boggy patch and can’t extricate her Wellington boot. Panicked, she simply takes her foot out and runs off with bare foot.
27) 34) dialog: At least. Ruby shouts over.
28) 2) dialog: Very nice sized puppets.
28) 6) dialog: That’s not how it works now. You just hook up with rugged troubadours at music festivals and there are no strings. Puppets with no strings.
30) 1) dialog: Speeding through lovely countryside.
32) 1) dialog: We are wearing knickers.
32) 4) dialog: (Horrified) He did what?
33) 0) text: The service is already underway. Bridget, Shazzer and the kids come in at the back of the church.
33) 1) dialog: Oh fuck, fuck, fuck. A roiling sea of smug-marrieds and their offspring fill t pews. Shazzer and the kids duck into a pew, leaving Bridg to run the gauntlet, tottering down the aisle to the font where the christening party is waiting for her. The baby crying.
33) 2) dialog: (muttering left and right) Sorry, sorry, sorry! POPPY stands beside a cross-looking Jude as Bridget approaches.
34) 0) text: Bridget and Darcy still haven’t had a chance to speak. Ju Giles, Bridget and Darcy are lining up for photos.
34) 1) text: Bridget is still holding the baby who is sleeping peacefu MAGDA and JEREMY, friends of Bridget’s, are there with th ill-behaved boys in tow.
34) 4) dialog: Number one on my to-do list!
34) 8) dialog: Very well thank you? And you?
34) 10) dialog: Are you here with your wife? I’m sorry I can’t remember her name.
34) 12) dialog: No. Not...today... No. She trails off, busies herself with the baby.
34) 15) dialog: (tries to break the ice) We should probably just acknowledge that this is unbelievably awkward, no?
34) 17) dialog: This? You and me holding a baby, you know, since well... you know.
34) 20) dialog: Yes. Good.
34) 22) dialog: Yes... unless I try and make a break for it with this thing. Healthy babies can fetch a fortune on the black market and I desperately need a new boiler. (talking to the baby) Shall we sell you? Shall we? The baby chortles back at her. The photographer looks horrified, Mark smiles.
35) 0) text: The party is well underway. Darcy stands with a group of fathers including Giles & Fergus. Bridget is wandering ar followed by a crocodile-line of kids. Darcy and Bridget pretend not to notice each other. On a band of mothers, all talking to a HEAVILY-PREGNANT WOMAN, GINNY. Bridget tries to sneak past.
35) 2) dialog: Running into six figures, Woney.
35) 5) dialog: Do you think it hasn’t crossed my mind? BACK TO REALITY.
35) 6) dialog: Good advice. Thanks.
35) 8) dialog: Wow, I did not know that.
35) 10) dialog: And who can blame her? The women stare at her. BRIDGET. With all this noise and excitement.
35) 12) dialog: No, I’m okay -
35) 14) dialog: Oh. Right. Okay. (does so reluctantly) Ahh. Lovely. Wow. Bridget, all smiles.
35) 15) dialog: Excuse me, must go and get er... impregnated. As she leaves all the women watch her and ‘Aaah’ in patronising sympathy.
36) 0) text: Bridget and Mark arrive at the bar simultaneously. Mark g her a polite smile as two efficient bar-people reach them
36) 2) dialog: Hello.
36) 4) dialog: I’m very well thank you. How are you?
36) 6) dialog: So am I. Well good bye then.
36) 8) dialog: Give me a glass of wine. Big, big glass.
37) 0) text: Mark spots Bridget who is heroically trying to stop Magda Jeremy’s three ill-behaved boys and Shazzer’s twins from killing each other in order to get a turn on the iPad.
37) 1) dialog: Zak, your Mum said thirty minutes. Off! Now!
37) 7) dialog: Thanks. Bridget walks away. She stops behind a flower display and looks back at Mark patiently watching a film with five irritating children.
39) 0) text: Dancing has started - a kind of kid/adult disco affair as children run around drunk adults. Giles & Fergus are DJin badly. The music playing is GANGNAM STYLE. Bridget - by now quite merry and wearing Poppy’s fairy wi still has the toy train wound into her hair. She’s dancin with all the children, and doing all the horsey-ridey mov Despite the silliness of the dance Bridget is in her elem she knows the dance really well and is mesmerizing, a str combination of graceful, sexy and fun. Mark Darcy stands aloof, a bit tortured, observing, inadvertently rapt by her. Bridget, mid dance, spots him looking alone and after a moment’s pause ‘Gangnam Styles’ over.
39) 1) dialog: I'd ask you to join me, but I’m pretty sure you’re not a real Gangnam Style kind of guy.
39) 4) dialog: Where?
39) 7) dialog: Gangnam? Dancing.
39) 9) dialog: No.
39) 11) dialog: I’m not familiar with Gangnam the suburb.
39) 13) dialog: Right, it suddenly seems so much less catchy. Fergus, on ‘the decks’ spots them together and immediatel changes the tune. Something lovely starts to play.
40) 0) text: Mark leads Bridget to the terrace overlooking the moonlit lake.
40) 2) dialog: (shocked) No. I gave up. 691 days ago.
40) 4) dialog: Since when did you smoke?
40) 6) dialog: Why? They stop and stare at each other.
40) 8) dialog: I am aware of that.
40) 10) dialog: Profiterole.
40) 12) dialog: What are you doing? You’re married.
40) 14) dialog: But you were there together at Daniel’s memorial?
41) 0) text: The dance floor is crowded with Mums, Dads and children miming the actions to YMCA. Bridget and Darcy leave the party, their eyes locked on each other.
42) 2) dialog: Mark Darcy. Wow. INT. MARK’'S BEDROOM. LATER 62 Mark and Bridget happy, content, post-coital.
42) 4) dialog: Yes.
42) 6) dialog: (sheepish) Uh huh.
42) 8) dialog: So you won’t stop. SHOOTING SCRIPT. 4l 63 64 65 66 67
42) 10) dialog: Are we on schedule? Mark laughs.
43) 0) text: Bridget waits for Mark at arrivals. The arrivals board re ‘DAMASCUS’. He doesn’t appear. Bridget anxious.
44) 0) text: Bridget is at a candlelit table ordering. Mark is outside window on the phone.
44) 1) dialog: (to herself) Happy anniv.... Mark waves an absent minded finger at her, talking into h phone. She points to something on the menu and he gives h thumbs up, still on the phone.
45) 0) text: Bridget waits for Mark at arrivals. The arrivals board re ‘BASRA’. He doesn’t appear. Bridget anxious. INT. MARK’S HOUSE. NIGHT. 66 It is Mark’s birthday. Bridget has prepared a spectacular birthday meal, with balloons, candles, flowers. She’s dre in an apron. She hears someone at the door. She opens it Mark. Simultaneously the camera pulls back to reveal a wi shot of: Bridget from behind, ENTIRELY NAKED. Mark’s four work colleagues appear in the door behind him.
46) 0) text: At that moment Mark’s mobile lights up. We see a text fla up from Camilla (complete with photograph): ‘Call me. xX’ Bridget reflects. She gives him a tender kiss on the chee before gathering her clothes and leaving. 70 INT. COUNTRY HOUSE HOTEL. DARCY’S BEDROOM. DAY. 70 Morning light flutters across DARCY’S lids.
46) 2) dialog: I’m so sorry, Mark. Had to leave. This probably sounds pathetic but I got scared. We’ve been here once before.... and I’m not sure either of us are ready to go through it again. We always loved the fantasy of us. But the reality, as we both know, is quite different. BRIDGET. CLOSE on MARK’S face.
47) 0) text: On four different days over the eight following weeks, Bridget wobbles to work on the new, unused-before bicycle She can’t filter into the traffic. She dings her bell. BRIDGET (V.O.) CONT. Must keep trying something new and frightening each day, like finally plucking up courage to ride bicycle through scary urban streets which we now call village. And will - as always - throw myself into my work. Bridget happily cycling along the busy road. Smiling at h achievement. Pull out to reveal a LONG LINE of honking ca and trucks stuck behind her. EIGHT WEEKS LATER.
48) 3) dialog: She was 6 months pregnant! Alice Peabody confers with an assistant about the powerpo presentation.
48) 6) dialog: And are they? Alice is annoyed at this challenge.
48) 11) dialog: No, I want to volunteer. (then unconvincingly) Hashtag letsdothis! INT. BRIDGET’S FLAT. EVENING. 74 The TV is on in the bedroom. Mark Darcy is on the news. H outside the Supreme Court in his Barrister’s garb, standi with four female punks. Bridget stops what she’s doing an looks at the screen somewhat sadly.
48) 16) dialog: Hashtag letsjustwaitasecond and launch into presentation as soon as I corral increasingly worrying middle-aged spread.
48) 19) dialog: Peri Menopausal. The symptoms are ‘Memory lapses, mood swings, weight gain. For some women this can begin as early as thirty five.’ We’re a biologically oppressed race!
48) 21) dialog: Of course not! I always carry condoms in my handbag and I made them use mine! She pulls out the condom-box from her bag and examines it It’s crumpled and decrepit.
48) 23) dialog: Bio-degradable and dolphin- friendly. If I’m going to be slutty it’s nice to think at least it’s helping the environment.
48) 26) dialog: Sell by dates don’t mean anything, do they?
49) 2) dialog: So here I was, weeing on another stick, thinking back over all the times I feared it was positive, or negative, wondering what I wanted this time.
49) 5) dialog: Don’t shake it, you’1l hurt the baby.
49) 7) dialog: Right. Bridget looks at Miranda - she can’t believe it.
49) 10) dialog: I am?
49) 12) dialog: Yes. (with a genuine smile) A baby. Alice Peabody marches in, and in a panic Miranda sweeps t test from the sink tops into a rubbish bin to hide them. Alice heads into a cubicle and a panicked Bridget fishes test out of the bin.
49) 13) dialog: (whispers to Miranda) That is no place for a child of mine.
50) 0) text: Miranda and Bridget in whispered discussion, aware that A and her team are hovering in the background.
50) 2) dialog: Don’t I? Maybe that’s a good thing? Is it?
50) 4) dialog: I don’t know, but I’m 43 and it might be the only chance I’m going to get.
50) 6) dialog: Maybe I did?
51) 0) text: Bridget sits in a full waiting-room. She flicks through a Hello magazine, stopping at a double page wedding feature
51) 2) dialog: This is not how I thought this moment would be. I thought I would be with the square-jawed love of my life, I imagined him returning home from work in a suit to the joyous news. Breathe. Stay calm, whole world about to change.
52) 0) text: Bridget is sitting with DR. RAWLINGS who is holding up a chart. Bridget consults her iPad.
52) 1) dialog: So which of the times with me and my wonderful man do you think we might have got pregnant on?
52) 3) dialog: Well, yes! It’s such a special moment! We want to know which one it is so we can treasure it.
52) 5) dialog: We will and do, of course, but surely one of those dates is more likely than the other?
52) 7) dialog: - after our anniversary dinner -
52) 9) dialog: Quite sure because - he was away for a few days - he’s such a busy bee! Always on business trips. So which of the two would you go for?
52) 11) dialog: Couldn't you just have a guess for me?
52) 13) dialog: Just pretend you're putting money on a horse?
52) 15) dialog: What about the first scan then? Will that show when conception took place?
52) 17) dialog: Right. Just out of interest...
52) 19) dialog: If someone did have an element of confusion about who the father was -
52) 21) dialog: Geriatric? That’s outrageous.
52) 23) dialog: Unless it means they can sign on for their pension and child support at the same time. Dr. Rawlings laughs. 81 INT. BRIDGET’S BEDROOM. DAY. 81 Bridget sorts through her underwear drawer.
52) 25) dialog: Where ARE they? She produces a pair of the almost full body spanx, they extend from knee to just under the breast.
52) 26) dialog: Here they are! The constrictors! Must prove to world, Bridget Jones can do this. Independent career woman, single mother. Must prove myself as key millenial attractor. Bridget now with full body spanx on.
52) 27) dialog: Hashtagletsdothis!
53) 0) text: Bridget is at her desk as Alice marches up. Bridget spots and puts on her best ‘concentrating face’, focusing on he computer.
53) 2) dialog: Uh, huh, yup. Totally on top of it, nutri bulleting the shit out of it. Alice screws her face up.
53) 4) dialog: One hundred percent. You can count on me. As Alice sashays off, Bridget lifts up her bin and vomits into it, then puts it down as if nothing has happened.
54) 0) text: Shazzer and Tom are happily drinking al fresco as Bridget nurses an orange juice. Bridget furtively sniffs Shazzer’ wine as Tom shows them pictures of his Colombian baby on phone. In the background an outdoor experimental puppet s is taking place. Shazzer’s children are watching the show
54) 4) dialog: Yes of course. Do I? What if I’m too much of a coward? No, you’re right.
54) 6) dialog: This isn’t CSI St. Pancras... Which one do I tell? What would I even say to Mark? ‘Hello Mark, I was just passing by, I know I left you asleep etc etc. But I don’t suppose you've got any blood, sperm or old fingernails lying around?’. And Jack's a bloody billionaire. It’s not like I can just ring him up or give him a friend request on Facebook. Shazzer is busy googling him on her phone.
54) 8) dialog: Why couldn’t I have just shagged a bloody plumber? He’ll just think I’m another awful gold digger, he’1ll never answer my calls. I have no clue how I‘'1l ever even see him again. Bridget takes another desperate sniff of the wine.
54) 9) dialog: Can you order a scotch, I need a sniff of something stronger. The puppet show ends, the children come running over.
54) 10) dialog: Did you enjoy the show, kids?
55) 1) dialog: OK, nice job Miranda, you have 3 minutes of VT before the interview. Alice enters.
56) 0) text: REVEAL: Down on the studio floor Jack is getting mic’ed u He can’t see Bridget who is up in the gallery. The Make Up person, Cathy, approaches. Brush, powder etc the ready.
57) 0) text: A nervous Bridget talks into Miranda’s earpiece.
57) 1) dialog: OK, coming out of the VT in 5,4, and remember - gear shift.
59) 0) text: Bridget talks into her earpiece.
59) 1) dialog: Can you please try not to shag him on air. Alice comes over and leans in.
61) 2) dialog: He’s avoiding the question. Get him off maths. Ask him if he’s with anyone now...
63) 6) dialog: Don’t be evasive, it’s Don't be evasive, it’s apparent you have everything, apparent you have everythin but why have you chosen to but why have you chosen to have no family, no children? have no family, no children?
64) 2) dialog: So, can you have children? So can you have children? Are Are the soldiers working? the soldiers working? Jack looks shocked and the crew look confused.
65) 1) dialog: Really, because for somebody Really, because for somebody with a supposed algorithm for with a supposed algorithm f love, isn’t it odd that love, isn’t it odd that you’ve never found it? you've never found it?
67) 1) dialog: How much do you know about How much do you know about the Quant family bloodline? the Quant family bloodline? Any skeletons in the closet? Any skeletons in the closet? Sexual deviants...Criminal Sexual deviants...Criminal records...Serial killers...? records...Serial killers...? Alice now looks confused, as does everybody in the galler this random non-sequitur.
69) 0) text: Bridget, still at forty-five degrees to the floor, everyo in the gallery staring at her like a lunatic.
69) 2) dialog: (Floundering) Fuck! Ask him something about algorithms.
70) 0) text: A furtive Bridget tries to sneak out of the building when finds...
70) 2) dialog: Oh, hi! Great to see you, I’m sorry, I wanted to come and find you, say hello, but you know what live TV is like, so chaotic...
70) 4) dialog: What? No... I...
70) 6) dialog: You were?
70) 8) dialog: I’m sorry... I don’t know how to explain it... (deep breath) ...The thing is...I’m pregnant.
70) 10) dialog: Around twelve weeks.
70) 12) dialog: Yes, it’s quite a surprise. But I’m fine. I just want you to know I’m not looking for anything from you...
70) 14) dialog: I’m sorry about - in there. I suppose I wanted to find out more about you, in case you,..., in case we...Look, the thing is, I didn’t really mean for you to find out about this. Bridget points to her tummy. She goes. emotions.
70) 15) dialog: And of course, obviously, you’1l want your lawyers or whoever you have checking for the ‘weirdos who cross your path’, make sure I’m not one of those...
70) 17) dialog: And I’m feeling very foolish right now, so if it’s ok with you, I will just retreat gracefully. Thank you. Good-bye. Leaving JACK feeling a great wash of mixed Jack sees Miranda scuttling past.
71) 1) dialog: So, the baby’s okay?
71) 4) dialog: Oh my god, is that it? Bridget starts to laugh and then to cry.
71) 5) dialog: Is it alright?
71) 7) dialog: Hello you. Wow. Is that your foot or your ear? You have big feet. Ooh, look at you waving already. Hi! You’re obviously very advanced. Quite the genius. This is it, this is - you're the best thing I've ever seen. This wasn’t quite how I planned to bring you into the world but I’1ll certainly try my best. So you just keep snug and safe in there while I try and sort the mess out here and hopefully... A pause.
71) 8) dialog: What the FUCK is that? Dr. Rawlings has come back in and is bearing down on her the amnio needle. It’s ENORMOUS.
71) 11) dialog: - oh, no, no. That’s INSANE! She gets up, clutching her midriff and backing away.
71) 12) dialog: What kind of a maniac would stick a needle in a baby? Put it away, you monster, put it away - Come on little one. I’m taking you home. She exits the cubicle, leaving the bewildered Dr. Rawling holding the needle. INT. BRIDGET’S FLAT. SITTING ROOM. DAY. 99 Bridget comes into the flat, she flops on the sofa and unwraps a baby outfit.
71) 13) dialog: I know they say it’s bad luck to buy things for a baby before it’s born, but I beg to differ. I think it’s good planning. After all, who doesn’t want to plan the outfit for their big entrance? And you are going to make such an entrance! Bridget gets a piece of paper and a pen. She starts to dr
71) 14) dialog: You know what, we’re going to be fine. I’m sure of it. In Africa they say it takes a whole village to raise a child - Look, I’11 show you our village... Look, there’s you and me. She draws a big smiley face in the middle of the paper wi body and another, much smaller smiley face inside it. She draws ‘spokes’ out from the faces.
71) 15) dialog: There’s Miranda, Tom and Shaz, in reality they all have hands, but hands are very tricky to draw.
71) 17) dialog: There’s Jude and she’s got four babies already and you’re all going to be great friends! She draws two more smiley faces at the end of the third.
71) 18) dialog: There’s Mum and Dad. They’1l1 spoil you rotten, once I actually tell them you exist. Then, at the end of the fourth spoke, she draws Jack.
71) 19) dialog: There’s Jack, who we probably need to - get to know a little bit better before we decide about him, but according to Google he does have his own helicopter. She adds a helicopter.
71) 20) dialog: I know that looks like a cat, but it is in fact a helicopter. And finally, at the end of the fifth spoke, she draws Mar
71) 21) dialog: - and there’s Mark who will find this a bit messy and modern, but we'll cross that bridge when we come to it. She looks at her drawing - it seems to comfort her, the smiley faces surrounded by lots of other little smiley figures. She pats her tummy.
71) 22) dialog: What? There is a small pause. Bridget listens.
71) 23) dialog: What’s that? I ought to tell Mark too? That’s very mature of you. No, you're right. Absolutely. I absolutely must. I’ve been avoiding it. You’re right. Would you like a Aero or crisps? ... What’s that? Both, you say?
72) 0) text: Bridget walks into the imposing lobby, looking apprehensi
72) 2) dialog: Mark, I have some exciting news. Mark, I have the funniest story to tell you. Mark, I’m up the duff. She takes a deep breath and heads towards the courtrooms.
73) 0) text: Bridget enters the public gallery. She can see Mark Darcy wig and gown, getting to his feet. Nine supreme court jud are seated, smart in their suits. Mark is dashing, authoritative and incredibly impressive.
74) 0) text: Mark walks Bridget towards his office.
74) 2) dialog: No, right... I understand. You were very impressive in there today.
74) 4) dialog: Makes you pine for a bit of Ed Sheeran.
74) 7) dialog: So....Mark....
74) 10) dialog: The gardens look lovely. Autumnal.
74) 12) dialog: Is that a conker tree?
74) 14) dialog: And what about that one...?
74) 16) dialog: (blurting) I’m pregnant.
74) 19) dialog: I’m three months pregnant. Absorbing that this is something to do with HIM.
74) 24) dialog: Is it? OK. Obviously I have no expectations of how all this will turn out. But I just thought you should know.
74) 26) dialog: Yes, I think so, but my being pregnant doesn’t mean the last ten years haven’t happened. So much has changed, you’ve been married, I’ve... been on a number of long haul holidays... Sri Lanka was a real highlight. A baby isn’t some sort of panacea.
74) 28) dialog: GAAAAAAH! How can I tell him now? INT. JUDE’S KITCHEN. DAY. 106 Bridget visiting Jude. The place is mayhem. JUDE, still i dressing gown with a huge cold-sore, is holding the new b GILES is in a business suit, on the phone and trying to l for work. He is cleaning sick off himself and feeding the toddler. Everyone is thick with colds. A Polish builder wanders through, on the phone having a loud argument in Polish. Through the kitchen window, another child is boun on the trampoline in the garden.
74) 29) dialog: Thing is, they are both so happy that it just feels cruel to tell them the truth about the other and frankly, I’m terrified. Giles makes his way out of the room.
74) 33) dialog: What do you mean? Jude waits for Giles to leave the room. The Polish builde shouts again.
74) 35) dialog: What? Why?
74) 38) dialog: Thanks Jude. You’ve been - a great help.
74) 41) dialog: Best avoided...
74) 44) dialog: You promise not to tell her? I can’t handle that right now.
74) 46) dialog: Dad, I’m sorry. Not to know about the father.
74) 48) dialog: So you're not - disappointed? You don’t think I belong on Jeremy Kyle?
74) 51) dialog: Dad!
75) 0) text: Bridget and Mark staring at each other. GIANNI and his brother, SERGIO, smile from the bar area, uncomfortably c to their table.
75) 1) dialog: So there I was. In the split of an eco-condom I had gone from carefree- girl-slash-slightly-too-old-single- woman-about-town to Mum-to-be with two rather fantastic men in my life, and with no clue about how I was going to tell them the truth.
75) 12) dialog: Hard to concentrate on impending big presentation when all I can think of is how to tell at least one father the truth. Mark was trickier than expected, he just seemed so happy... The buzzer goes. A voice comes slightly distorted through intercom, Bridget gets up to answer.
75) 14) dialog: Jack?
75) 17) dialog: You kept it?
75) 19) dialog: I wasn’t expecting to see you.
75) 21) dialog: I hope you have cake in that bag. An excited Jack composes himself.
75) 24) dialog: I would not have let you do that to me on a second date!
75) 28) dialog: But I really wanted the giant Scooby Doo.
75) 30) dialog: (Flirtatiously) OK... as long as you clean up afterwards. Unprovoked Jack starts shouting.
75) 32) dialog: What are these for?
75) 36) dialog: I could have told him then, of course, but suddenly the possibility of a life of spontaneous takeaway and flat pack furniture seemed sort of inviting...Bit of a pity to ruin it and we wouldn’t want my neck going all blotchy again... I’m going to tell them both tomorrow. Definitely. Without a shadow of a doubt.
76) 0) text: Bridget is lying in a darkened room on the examination be her belly exposed as Dr. Rawlings rubs on the conductive
76) 3) dialog: I don’t know, I can’t decide.
76) 6) dialog: Yes please.
76) 8) dialog: A boy.
76) 10) text: 112 Bridget and Mark stare at the grainy image lovingly.
76) 12) dialog: Mark, I wonder whether you might give us a second.
76) 14) dialog: Dr Rawlings, I wonder whether you could do me a little favour?
77) 0) text: Bridget is lying in a darkened room on the examination be her belly exposed as Dr. Rawlings rubs on the conductive
77) 2) dialog: (Bad acting) Oooh, I’m not sure, such a big decision. Should we? Shouldn’t we? Dr. Rawlings does an eye roll.
77) 4) dialog: Actually yes, let’s find out. Dr Rawlings goes through the motions as Jack remains awestruck by the process, transfixed by the monitor.
77) 8) dialog: Both men deliriously happy, despite my best intentions, I had no idea how I could tell them the truth...
78) 0) text: Bridget enters the office and walks towards her desk. ANGLE ON: 2 bunches of flowers. One card reads, “Thinking of you, best of luck with the presentation. Mark x”. The other, next to a much bigger bunch, reads, “To My Incredible Bridget, thinking of you both, good luck tomor knock ‘em dead, Jack, xxxxxxxxxXXXXXXXXXXX”
78) 1) dialog: Two bunches of flowers, one big dilemma. I would tell them once I had my presentation out of the way, I would definitely tell them then. Definitely. Hundred percent. Alice walks over to Bridget’s desk.
78) 3) dialog: Well, thank you it’s very exciting, I...
78) 5) dialog: Excellent, ship shape. I've actually been getting help from someone rather brilliant, he’s... Alice, clearly not listening, marches off.
79) 0) text: A crowd waiting for the presentation to start. A banner w the words: Exposure - Crowd-Sourcing the News. Amongst th a concerned looking Alice and an amused looking Finch. A nervous Bridget stands, hands-free microphone on.
79) 2) dialog: From Tokyo to Teddington, Hollywood to Cricklewood, in a digital age where every cellphone is a camera, we are all broadcasters. Bridget waves her hands in the air, as we've previously s Jack do, and suddenly the checkerboard of screens behind light up. The images animate with young people on the str of South London, Africa and India.
79) 3) dialog: Ready to interview, interrogate and investigate the global and local news stories that affect us 24 hours a day. Alice is impressed. The room is impressed. At the back of room, Jack watches, willing her on. And now she’s waving her hands again and the cornucopia o images are swapping.
79) 4) dialog: From Designer Jeans... Images of celebrities in jeans all selling their product.
79) 5) dialog: ...to Designer Genes. Images of IVF twins all talking at once. In the back of the audience, Bridget sees Jack, he gives a re-assuring smile, gesturing for her to slow down.
79) 6) dialog: We are partnering with London Media Show to rebrand Hard News for the digital generation, so that YOU, our viewers, will be able to use your smart phones to become your own news broadcasting channels. You simply download the new Hard News App and broadcast directly to our studio, where Miranda is waiting for this evening’s live simulcast. Behind Bridget, we see Miranda, live in the studio, waiti to go on air. We see the Hard News countdown clock on the screens and t the Hard News Opening Titles....
79) 7) dialog: Go into the app, hold up your phones and say “Good Evening Miranda”. Bridget holds up her phone and says “Good Evening Miranda The audience hold up their phones, chorusing : “Good Even Miranda”.
79) 8) text: ON SCREENS BEHIND BRIDGET: We see Miranda, live on air at Hard News Studios, surrounded by an abundance of screens faces, including Bridget’s, chanting “Good Evening Mirand
79) 10) dialog: As of now, we’re live and our audience is broadcasting. Starting close to home, 16 year old Daryl Baines is live at Wembley Arena where he’s about to tell us what he thought of the Jessie J concert. She presses a button. Behind Bridget, A TEENAGER’S BARE BOTTOM APPEARS ON A HUNDRED SCREENS. LIVE ON NATIONAL TV, the bare bottom appears behind Miran desk. Bridget dives for the exit button.
79) 12) dialog: Jesus! Well there’s always one isn’t there.
79) 16) dialog: Ha! Well there’s always two. Some technical glitches there, our apologies. Let’s go to Anthony Mathis, a company director who has been attending the GBI conference in Brighton. CUT TO - A suited middle aged man, ANTHONY MATHIS, addres a phone camera being held by a friend.
79) 20) dialog: And if you think I’m falling for that, you can think again, sir. Nobody has any desire to see your bottom. A caption appears on the screen. DAVID CARTWRIGHT - CEO - London Media Show We see his face register fury, before a reeling Bridget g rid of him, hurriedly switching screens.
79) 21) dialog: Of course emailing or tweeting the show could not be easier, simply type in hardnews.co.uk... At once Jack reaches for his cellphone. A tweet pops up JACKQ1971- “Excellent new site, Hard News ever at the cutting edge”. Bridget looks to Jack who give her an elaborate and morale boosting thumbs up.
79) 22) dialog: Ah, there we go, a bit more representative. Another tweet pops up, MARKDARCE ‘Can't wait to interact the number one news show on TV’.
79) 23) dialog: ..or search ‘Hard News’ or simply A. Bridget types ‘H’ into the browser, but gets distracted w she sees MARK DARCY, THERE at the back of the audience. O shit...she wobbles....
79) 24) dialog: Because at Hard News we believe...We believe...Hard News is...ready and on the front line. Bridget collects herself, but she’s left the H on the scr and all her previous searches starting with ‘H’ displayed the massive screen behind her.
79) 26) dialog: Asking the questions that the world wants answers to.
80) 2) dialog: 
80) 4) dialog: Mark Darcy I’d really love you to meet.... She squints at this stranger's name badge...
80) 5) dialog: Ariyaratna Sithamparanathan, Ariyaratna is Area manager for DTC technological solutions aren’t you Ariyaratna? Both men look perplexed as Bridget rushes to cut off Jack She is intercepted by Alice Peabody......
80) 8) dialog: Well they say there’s only one thing worse than being talked about... Bridget is trying to extricate herself, but Alice is steadfastly blocking her way.
80) 10) dialog: Alice, I’m so sorry.
80) 12) dialog: So sorry I really have to... And she leaves a furious Alice hanging, mid sentence.
80) 14) dialog: Right, yes. We actually know each other. Jack puts his arm round Bridget.
80) 17) dialog: Yes. Yes I knew that too.
80) 19) dialog: Well, I have to say it’s fantastic that you are getting on so well... because you actually have a lot in common. I feel we should go and discuss somewhere a bit quieter...
80) 23) dialog: I think you might have to sit this one out, Ariyaratna.
81) 0) text: Mark, Jack and a shell-shocked, silent Bridget are sittin a table. Mark and Jack are getting on like a house on fir GIANNI, laying the table, is enjoying the conversation to
81) 8) text: Mark looks to Bridget - she smiles, even more uncomfortab GIANNI, frankly, confused.
81) 10) dialog: Well... it’s sort of a funny story, sort of. You see, the thing is, a few months ago on June 4th I met Jack at a music festival.
81) 12) dialog: (Interrupting) We got on very well and sort of had... relations. GIANNI backs off, pretends not to be listening.
81) 15) dialog: - and then the following week, that is to say... on the 11th June at Jude's baby christening to be precise, and following the consumption of quite a lot of alcohol, Mark and I..um..well..we had similar ‘relations’. It’s now very awkward.
81) 16) dialog: And this is the ‘funny’ part, I suppose, and why in many ways it’s good that we all met and are getting on so well. The thing is that owing to these ‘relations’ the resulting - um - life-form currently residing in my - um - tummy - could in fact be either of yours. I know I should have told you both before, but I just didn't...you both seemed so happy.
81) 18) text: 117 118 Bridget nods.
81) 20) dialog: I know this is all very confusing. I’ve made a mess of it and I’m sorry, but one thing I’m certain of, is, however we choose to do this, the most important thing now is this. She points to her bump.
81) 21) dialog: 
82) 0) text: 117 118 Bridget tentatively inches her way into the back of the h where Mum’s campaign launch is in full swing. All of Grafton Underwood is present and the room is bedec with campaign slogans. There is a photographer in the background. Mum sees Bridget and rushes over to greet her
82) 5) dialog: What’s the emergency?
82) 9) dialog: I was worried you might be angry...
82) 11) dialog: Well, yes in a manner of speaking, sort of. What I mean is, there is at least a fifty per cent chance.
82) 13) dialog: Mark and Jack Quant, he’s an American.
82) 17) dialog: What? Everything is fine. As they walk the photographer spots her and wants a pictu
82) 20) dialog: What are you doing? Are you ashamed of me? Are you hiding your first born grandchild behind a pile of mini quiches? Somebody comes over to take a mini quiche - Mum slaps the hand away.
82) 23) dialog: Wait.... Still reading... It’s so long... (she finishes reading) «+. Look, you might not be proud of the circumstances, but at least you can be proud of me. This isn’t the 1950's. It’s not all nuclear families and 2.4 Children any more. Look around you; Mavis Enderbury’s daughter is raising 2 kids on her own, Una’s son’s a single father, two lesbians have adopted at Number 32. If you don’t change the way you look at the world you’re not only going to lose your daughter, you’re going to lose your precious election as well. She storms off, pauses, turns back, grabs a handful of mi quiches and storms off again. As she marches out she pass Una who spots her bump.
82) 27) dialog: (Defiant) Pregnant? Yes. Yes I am.
83) 0) text: Lots of pregnant women with loving partners go in and out the entrance. Bridget waits alone and consults her watch nervously.
83) 1) dialog: Am suddenly freak in weird social experiment. But why couldn’t this work? We were all mature, sophisticated adults who wanted the best for the baby. People might look back and see this as the dawn of a new vanguard of parenting. Perhaps I was a visionary, ahead of my time. Jack swoops in on his Vintage Triumph motorbike and dashi removes his helmet. Bridget looks relieved to see him.
84) 0) text: Bridget and Jack are about to go in when Bridget sees Mar running up the street towards her and she can’t help but out a big smile, he decided to come! Mark hands her a small paper bag.
84) 2) dialog: Thank you. I’m glad you came.
84) 6) dialog: Thank you... both. Shall we go in.
84) 9) dialog: Thank you.
85) 0) text: All the couples sit together in a semi-circle around DAIS very pretty young woman, who listens with earth-shatterin brightness to one particularly lovely couple who are addressing the group. Bridget, Mark and Jack are the olde people in the class, and obviously stand out as the only in the room. Bridget looks anxious and self conscious as couples all introduce themselves.
85) 2) dialog: I’m Bridget. This is Mark and this is Jack.
85) 8) dialog: Exactly, just trying to make this wonderful couple’s dream come true.
85) 13) dialog: Like all visionaries I would encounter bumps along the road, but still had faith in my grand plan.
86) 0) text: Jack with a row of dads watching the new mums-to-be inclu Bridget in the water, mid aqua-ante-natal class. Jack is referring to a pregnancy book. Suddenly Mark joins them, and hassled, still in his court clothes.
86) 3) dialog: (laughing) Quickly? Water sloshes over Bridget. Suddenly she begins to choke, then sink. At once, Jack strips off his clothes, revealing a ripplin six pack, and leaps in to save her. On Mark, catching his reflection in the window. He looks tired and grey. INT. MARK’S OFFICE. CHAMBERS. NIGHT 122 Mark sits in his office, late at night, reading studiousl with a glass of wine and takeaway on his desk. His assist Pierce pops his head in.
87) 0) text: Back at the ante-natal class, all the same people, new we Today the partners are standing behind their wives as Dai demonstrates massage techniques. Every woman has one man behind her apart from Bridget, who has Mark and Jack, vyi for pole position.
88) 0) text: Bridget is working intently at her desk. She gets a pain reaches for her stomach. She looks around for help, all t hipsters are busy working away at their stations wearing oversized headphones, oblivious to her.
90) 0) text: Bridget sits on an examination couch in a blue robe. Jack sits next to her.
90) 2) dialog: So essentially...
92) 0) text: Bridget and Jack are mid conversation as Mark enters the room. Her face lights up.
92) 1) dialog: Hi.
92) 3) dialog: That's alright. Can’t be helped. Freedom of speech needs to be defended. Mark’s phone rings.
92) 4) dialog: You should take it. It might be work.
92) 9) dialog: Stop it. We’re not in the 18th century and this isn’t pistols at dawn to prove who’s the better man.
92) 12) dialog: Yes, that would be better. Thank you. Won’t be a minute... Jack follows Mark out into the waiting room.
94) 0) text: Bridget comes down the stairs. She sees Mark and Jack sti arguing.
94) 1) dialog: This is going to be so much harder than I thought. If they can’t get along now, before the baby’s even here, how are they going to deal with the really big things, like who gets up for the night feed, or whether he can have an iPad for his first birthday, or which granny to spend Christmas with? So much for the social experiment. 127 INT. BRIDGET’S FLAT. DAY. 127 Bridget returns home to find a letter from Mark. She read
95) 0) text: Jack and Bridget walk hand in hand. Bridget looks distracted.
97) 0) text: Ante-natal class. Just Bridget and Jack - Mark is conspic by his absence.
97) 2) text: 138 Bridget shakes her head sadly. The Neanderthal guy turns his partner and mutters.
98) 0) text: Shazzer sits with Bridget on a bench. In the background J is holding Shazzer’s children’s attention with his animat retelling of a fairy-tale.
98) 2) dialog: Well thanks for that. I hadn’t thought of it like that.
98) 4) dialog: Well the last time wasn’t really his fault.
98) 6) dialog: He definitely seems to be, I don’t really know anything about him.
98) 8) dialog: He does, and we match up very well on paper. In some countries they just make you marry a boy in the next village because his Dad has a nice horse, and those marriages seem to work.
98) 11) dialog: (Pensive) Right. I suppose he is.
98) 13) dialog: How do I know? I don’t know anything about him, he may wear socks with sandals when he goes on holiday. What happens then?
98) 15) dialog: I suppose he is a billionaire, so it will be a fucking nice camper van. Jack rushes over and takes a cupcake out of Bridget’s han and replaces it with the apple.
99) 0) text: A pensive Bridget, looking a bit breezier is walking alon street, shopping for the baby.
99) 1) dialog: Shazzer was right, I had landed on my feet, with an amazing man who was happy to be with me. He ticked every box. The only thing that was going to get in the way of this was me... INT. BRIDGET’S FLAT. SPARE ROOM. DAY. 140 Jack's been decorating Bridget’s spare room for the nurse a half-finished, black and white pattern on one wall. Bridget, shopping bags in hand, enters the room to find J painting. She stops for a while, silently watching him.
99) 3) dialog: Right. It’s actually making me feel a bit sick.
99) 5) dialog: They were teddy bears. But thank you.
99) 7) dialog: I bought him one of those bouncy chairs, I’m not even sure where we're going to put it.
99) 10) dialog: Cosy. Jack pauses, readies himself for something big.
99) 12) dialog: Do you think we’re ready for that?
99) 14) dialog: What if it isn’t yours?
99) 16) dialog: What if the baby turns out to be Mark's? What will you do then? He pauses a moment too long.
99) 18) dialog: I see. There is a very long beat.
99) 20) dialog: I don’t know what I want. Jack takes a deep breath.
99) 22) dialog: I have been.
99) 24) dialog: I don’t know...I could be, one day.
99) 27) dialog: Why would he think that?
99) 29) dialog: Yes, on paper, and we might even be having a baby together, but falling in love doesn’t happen on paper. Sometimes it doesn’t make any sense at all. Sometimes you love a person for all the ways they are not like you. Sometimes you just love a person because they feel like home. She looks at him, in shock and confusion. She picks up he phone.
99) 30) dialog: I need to find Mark. (into phone) Pierce? It’s Bridget. I’m trying to get hold of Mark. She listens, then looks hopeful.
100) 0) text: A heavily pregnant Bridget ‘runs’ through the market.
101) 0) text: Bridget crosses Southwark Bridge.
102) 0) text: Bridget, breathless, turns the corner to see a taxi pull Mark gets out with his suitcases. Bridget, about to call out, when she sees his front door and Camilla waiting to greet him. She watches as they hug
103) 0) text: CHASING PAVEMENTS by Adele plays. Bridget marches back towards her house, still reeling fro what she’s seen. She steps off the curb, not looking when car screeches to a halt. BEEEEEEEEEEP. Bridget steps back looks down to her bump. It’s a wake up moment.
103) 1) dialog: And that was the moment I decided to stop. Stop trying... «+..to force everything to be like everyone thought it should be. Like I thought it should be.
103) 3) dialog: It was backs to the wall, me and my sweet little lovely baby, and I was bloody well going to make it work. Bridget walks over to the African Village drawing, and crosses out Jack, then Darcy.
103) 4) dialog: Fucking Africans. What do they know?
104) 0) text: It’s Christmas. Bridget, now 7 months pregnant, sadly dra Christmas tree on her own to her apartment.
105) 0) text: A bedraggled and miserable Bridget arrives in front of th house.
105) 1) text: 148 Taking the place of Christmas decorations is a ‘Pamela Jo for Councillor’ campaign banner, that Dad is in the proce of hanging. He spots Bridget.
105) 4) dialog: I’m sorry, I didn’t realise everybody would be here, I don’t want to derail your campaign, I can just sneak upstairs.
105) 6) dialog: Wait, still reading, still so long.
106) 0) text: Bridget, minus the two men, at a scan. Dr Rawlings gives an understanding smile.
106) 3) text: 150 151 152 153 154 INT. BRIDGET’S FLAT. LONDON. 7 WEEKS LATER. (36 WEEKS) 15 Bridget, her bump now bigger, struggles to load the laund She pours Alpen muesli into the washing machine. She star scooping out the Alpen; a phenomenal mess. INT. BABY’S ROOM. NIGHT. 151 Bridget defiantly paints over Jack's graphic mural. INT. BRIDGET’S FLAT. NIGHT. 152 Back in the kitchen Bridget pours milk into the washing machine compartment and starts eating the Alpen.
107) 0) text: In another West Wing scenario, a heavily pregnant Bridget now waddling down the corridor with her researchers not s much in tow as walking incredibly slowly to match the ponderous Bridget.
107) 1) dialog: We need to give six minutes to Lu Tong, it’s a huge scoop.
107) 3) dialog: Lu Tong is pulled over my dead body. This is a news show... Wait a second. She has to stop her West Wing walking for a little rest - is totally out of breath.
108) 0) text: A harried and breathless Bridget bustles in to the chaoti reception area. She looks around and spots a Burmese man wearing a uniform.
108) 1) dialog: Sorry, it’s chaos here today, but thank you for coming on. We’re on live in two minutes, Miranda will probably want to start with what’s happening in Naypyidaw... The Studio Guest tries to speak but Bridget hurries him along.
109) 0) text: Bridget sits in the gallery. The new-look, crowd-sourced show is in play. Up on screen appears a Poonani member at press conference on the street.
109) 2) dialog: (barking into microphone) Miranda, you’re back on General Lu Tong. Keep pressing him. This could make the front pages, Peabody!
111) 0) text: Bridget is triumphant. She shouts into the earpiece.
111) 1) dialog: Ha! Can’t or won’t, Lu Tong? REVEAL - Alice Peabody has sneaked in behind with an angr looking, very dignified and smartly dressed man. SHOOTING SCRIPT. 107
112) 0) text: Alice sits at her desk opposite Richard and Bridget. The front pages of the newspaper reads “So long Lu Tong!”.
112) 5) dialog: It’s okay Richard. I was going to quit anyway. (to Alice) Believe it or not, I was it like you when I started here, a bit chunkier maybe, and with less make up. I was going to make my mark too. But I can’t be part of your “re-branding”. I haven’t got the right haircut, and I don’t drink my cocktails out of jam jars or put photos of my lunch on instagram. It might be old fashioned to want to make something worthwhile but I'd rather be old fashioned and unemployed than be part of a show that celebrates the inane. Alice and her acolytes look at each other, shocked.
112) 6) dialog: Maybe when my son is old enough to understand, integrity will be fashionable again. Good luck and goodbye.
112) 9) dialog: Oh, dear. What have I done? She opens the fridge. Nothing.
112) 10) dialog: It’s all very well fighting for your principles when there’s no food in the fridge. Wearily, she heads back out. INT. MARK’'S HOUSE. BEDROOM. DAY 159A Mark is searching in a drawer and finds the old reindeer jumper. INT. MORRISON’S SUPERMARKET. EVENING. 160 Bridget struggling with her shopping, queues for the checkout.
112) 12) dialog: It’s a boy.
112) 14) dialog: Two weeks, more or less, I think! Just as she gets to the checkout the cashier goes on her break. Bridget’s long queue shuffles over to the next til
112) 16) dialog: Boy.
112) 18) dialog: Um, two weeks, we think. As the cashier rings up Bridget’s purchases, another shop comes up and stares at Bridget’s bump.
112) 22) dialog: Boy. Two weeks.
112) 24) dialog: I've forgotten it. Oh, God. The other customers in the queue are getting restive.
112) 25) dialog: I’'1l pay with cash. She fumbles in her purse, and manages to rustle up £29.60
112) 26) dialog: I‘1l put something back. She starts to hand back some of the items, one by one, reluctantly. The unhealthy ones first. The cashier de-sca them until the total is down to £27.60. At the last minute Bridget defiantly takes back a carton Ben and Jerry's bringing the total up to £23.10. Bridget marches out triumphantly passing a lady who is entering t shop. EXT. MARK’S HOUSE. DAY. 160A Mark is loading suitcases into a cab. Camilla exits the house. They BOTH get into the car and drive off.
113) 0) text: Bridget is at an ATM in one of those bank lobbies, she’s still trying to remember her PIN as she attempts to get c
113) 1) dialog: (mumbling) Birthday? INCORRECT PIN flashes.
113) 2) dialog: Battle of Hastings?... First shag?..... INCORRECT PIN flashes and the machine swallows the card.
113) 8) dialog: Oh fuck it! Bridget shuffles out.
113) 9) dialog: (to her tummy) Oh, my darling, I’ve gone all crap all of a sudden.
114) 0) text: It starts to rain very hard. Bridget suddenly realizes, a the glass doors close, that she has left all of her shopp inside the bank.
114) 1) dialog: Oh! Oh - come on, let’s just get home.
115) 2) dialog: Oh, no! Please no. No keys. No phone.
115) 3) dialog: Oh, no! I’ve left them inside! Oh, fuckity fuckity fuckity fuck fuck. (to her tummy) Sorry.
115) 5) dialog: I’m so sorry, little bean. Everything that I need to call someone for help is in my bag, and I’m just too exhausted to go back and get it. I bet someone’s already tucking into my Ben and Jerry's right now. I suppose I could call Jude or Shazzer, but I can’t remember their numbers these days, and it’s probably bath time, bed time, or story time, or some other inconvenient time. And Tom's got my spares, but he’s on his way back from Ecuador, so that’s no use to us. Hmm, I wonder if Gianni’s is open? I'll just sit here for a little rest while I come up with a plan. She closes her eyes, starts to drift off. EXT. BRIDGET’S FLAT. - TRANSITION TO NIGHT 165 She comes to, looks up and thinks she’s imagining.... MAR DARCY coming round the corner. She watches him as he approaches. He gets near to her and then.... dips his hand in his pocket and gives her a tenn He then rings Bridget’s door bell.
115) 6) dialog: Hey!
115) 8) dialog: I locked myself out. I lost my phone... and my keys... and my credit cards. Like a bloody idiot. He puts his coat round her.
115) 9) dialog: What are you doing here?
115) 11) dialog: But I thought you were back with Candida.
115) 13) dialog: Camilla. I came round to find you and she was there.
115) 16) dialog: Mmm?
115) 18) dialog: Oh!! Oh!! Fuck! My waters must have broken!
115) 20) dialog: I am so sorry. I’1ll get a cloth!
115) 22) dialog: Ooh! And that’s a contraction.
115) 25) dialog: Yes we bloody are. I think we should go to the hospital, quickly. Suddenly the mood is all urgent action whilst trying to maintain calm.
115) 27) dialog: We'll go in your car.
115) 29) dialog: (contraction) Oh for fuck’s sake!
115) 31) dialog: Not you - the contractions!
115) 33) dialog: Can't, the keys are in my bag along with everything else. She lets out a scream.
115) 35) dialog: 41, 42, 43, 44... Should you get that? It might be work. Mark marches over to the window and in a dramatic gesture goes to throw the phone out.
115) 36) dialog: Don't! But he throws it out triumphantly. He’s proved himself.
115) 37) dialog: Great! But we need to get a cab.
115) 41) dialog: «+. 48 ... 49 ... over there.
115) 44) dialog: Don’t shout at me! I’ve lost count now. 48 - 49 - (another contraction) OHhhhhhhhh!
115) 46) dialog: I’m sorry but it’s painful.
115) 48) dialog: What do we do? Mark looks out of the window and sees Gianni’s pizza van.
116) 0) text: The roads are indeed gridlocked and Bridget is in real pa
116) 1) dialog: This is really happening, I’m going to be a mother, Mark. Have I left it too late...? Before Mark can answer Gianni pipes up.
116) 3) dialog: 
116) 10) dialog: 22, 23, 24, 25 - they’re coming quicker - oh my god we need to get there. Gianni honks repeatedly on the horn.
116) 11) dialog: Right. We’re getting out. You ready? And they step out into the street.
116) 12) dialog: I don’t think I can walk.
116) 15) dialog: I must be very heavy.
116) 18) dialog: I can’t help it!
116) 21) dialog: Contraction’s starting again! I’m going to have the baby in the street!
118) 0) text: Bridget is on her hands and knees on the birthing bed. Ma and Jack simultaneously rub her back. Two midwives busy themselves preparing the equipment. DR RAWLINGS enters the room and looks from JACK to MARK, smiles knowingly.
118) 4) dialog: Bollocks to that. I want everything - gas, air, injections, morphine -
118) 6) dialog: Fuck yoga!
118) 8) dialog: 
118) 12) text: Mark returns with a cool flannel in his hand, Jack grabs from him and places it on Bridget’s forehead, leaving Mar floundering and annoyed.
118) 17) dialog: 
118) 19) dialog: Make it stop, make the pain stop. (to the departing men)
118) 21) dialog: It’s too painful! I can’t do this I just can’t.
118) 25) dialog: Really?
118) 29) dialog: And what if the baby isn’t yours? What if he’s Jack’s?
118) 33) dialog: I can’t -
121) 0) text: The injured men sit next to each other, heads between han slumped, exhausted, both bandaged from their Bridget-indu wounds.
122) 0) text: Bridget is on the bed. The midwife is standing beside her Dr Rawlings watches on, happy. The sudden cessation of pain has flooded her body with endorphins and she is in a blissful state. In her arms, a naked baby, still attached to the umbilical cord, yells lustily. Bridget looks up at the haggard faces before her
122) 1) dialog: We did it! Say hello to our beautiful boy! Jack embraces Mark and kisses him. Mark almost kisses him back, then stops himself. Mark rushes to Bridget’s side and for a moment they both down at the mite in her arms, the perfect, everyday mirac
122) 2) dialog: Let’s tell everyone.
122) 8) dialog: Don’t worry. I would only’ve punched you as well.
122) 11) dialog: I’m depending on you. They all clasp hands tightly. The vignette is interrupted a loud speech.
122) 14) dialog: Meet your grandson, Mum.
123) 0) text: Bridget Jones, finally a bride, enters at the back of the church on dad’s arm, smiling, nervous. She walks down the aisle passing Miranda, Richard, the friends, Una, Mum, Dad and other friends and relatives. Bridget arrives at the altar. Jack steps forward.
123) 5) dialog: There’s no going back now.
124) 4) dialog: Come on. We’ll be late for lunch. The two men lift the baby up and join Bridget. She takes baby and gives him a big smacker.
124) 5) dialog: Alright then, William xX x. Hashtagletsdothis! Bridget takes a moment to survey the scene. It is a motle crew and no mistake. She watches as X walks ahead, chatting animatedly with Y.
124) 6) dialog: Dear Diary, and so I Bridget Jones am a singleton no more... married? Yes. Finally. Smug? Maybe just a little.
124) 7) text: Bridget swipes a glass of champagne, knocks it back. On a nearby park bench, a newspaper flaps in the breeze. newspaper headline reads: “AIRPLANE FOUND IN BUSH ONE YEA LATER. PUBLISHING PLAYBOY MIRACULOUSLY ALIVE”. A photogra shows a bearded Daniel Cleaver standing surrounded by sev gorgeous Aboriginal women. THE END.