76) 1) dialog: So this is Dad, I presume. Pleased to meet you, I’m glad you could be here, this is a unique and wonderful moment. Mark smiles proudly. DR RAWLINGS (CONT’D) Back from your many business trips then? Darcy looks confused. Bridget panicky.
76) 5) dialog: So would you like to know, Bridget?
76) 7) dialog: It’s a boy.
90) 1) dialog: Gherkins, anchovies, banana juice, Pringles? Its the combination that’s done it. Any baby would need a nap after that.
90) 3) dialog: Wind. DR. RAWLINGS leaves. Jack smiles reassuringly, putting hi arms round her.
91) 2) dialog: She’s fine. She’s currently in there with Dr... Pringle... As she says this, through the window, they see Jack and Bridget laughing. DR RAWLINGS (CONT’D) He has a very unique bedside Manner, its new technique we're trialling out of Oslo.
91) 5) dialog: Oh, for heaven's sake, why didn’t you tell me before. She’s fine, he’s done very well and calmed her down completely. Mark pauses a moment, looking through the window.
106) 0) text: Bridget, minus the two men, at a scan. Dr Rawlings gives an understanding smile.
106) 1) dialog: Eight weeks to go. Bridget musters a half hearted smile. Dr Rawlings detects sadness. DR RAWLINGS (CONT’D) You don’t need them, you know. All they're really useful for is fitting car seats and blaming things on. They just get in the way. You can do this on your own you know. I did. Next time I see you, we will be in the delivery room. Bridget smiles. The baby’s image appears on screen. Bridg spellbound, by the fully-formed little being. She looks to her belly. The camera follows her gaze and continues INSIDE as the baby moves around, growing. A lif forming all on its own.
118) 0) text: Bridget is on her hands and knees on the birthing bed. Ma and Jack simultaneously rub her back. Two midwives busy themselves preparing the equipment. DR RAWLINGS enters the room and looks from JACK to MARK, smiles knowingly.
118) 1) dialog: Ah, I was wondering how many fathers we might get today - full house! Bingo! (calm) OK Bridget, how are we going to do this? Epidural?
118) 7) dialog: Couldn’t agree more. It’s supposed to be relaxing but I spend my entire time worried that I’m going to let out a fart. Now, let me have a look at that cervix of yours. She lifts up Bridget’s gown and Jack can’t help but get a look at the ‘action area’. He looks queasy. A blood curdl scream comes from the woman giving birth in the room next door. DR RAWLINGS (CONT’D) Oh, good! CLOSE on Bridget’s relief. DR RAWLINGS (CONT’D) You're already at six centimetres so you can’t have any drugs at all.
118) 10) dialog: You're too far on. Oooh another contraction. Bridget winces in excruciating pain. Jack and Mark wince Bridget winces. DR RAWLINGS (CONT’D) (to Jack and Mark) I’m not sure there is much to gain from you being at the coal face, if I’m honest. My ex-husband said it was like watching his favourite pub burn down. Another huge scream.
118) 32) dialog: You should probably go and get those seen to. I’1ll handle it from here. She ushers him out. DR RAWLINGS (CONT’D) Honestly... ‘think the pain away’... absolute nonsense, you’re squeezing out another human, I'd love to see them ‘think it away’. You're doing brilliantly, Bridget and you’re nearly there -
118) 34) dialog: (firm) Yes, you can actually, and I think you know it.
122) 0) text: Bridget is on the bed. The midwife is standing beside her Dr Rawlings watches on, happy. The sudden cessation of pain has flooded her body with endorphins and she is in a blissful state. In her arms, a naked baby, still attached to the umbilical cord, yells lustily. Bridget looks up at the haggard faces before her