17) 13) dialog: That’s exactly why I didn’t wear my heels. Reveal JACK QUANT, an insanely handsome 45 year old Ameri
17) 15) dialog: May I? He lifts the floundering Bridget out of the mud, rescues heel and places her safely at the top of the little hill. places her shoe back on her foot.
17) 16) dialog: It fits! Bridget laughs, faintly embarrassed.
17) 19) dialog: Is that your wicked stepmother?
17) 21) dialog: It’s Jack...
24) 0) text: An INTERVIEWER sits on stage opposite Jack Quant. Behind them a bank of screens bearing the ‘Qwantify’ logo.
24) 4) dialog: Well, it began with a broken heart. Dating seemed irrational, so I wanted to see if the mysteries of human attraction could be broken down into something mathematical. Suddenly a rowdy Bridget and Miranda bound into the tent assuming it’s FKA Twigs.
24) 6) dialog: (looking directly at Bridget) I believe there is someone out there for everyone... if we just ask the right questions and apply the laws of mathematics. The audience listen intently.
24) 10) dialog: Yes, that same algorithm has helped bring together the world’s most needy with the world’s most wealthy.
24) 14) dialog: Okay. I get it, you don’t want to talk about algorithms at a festival. So let me show you how they can be...sexy. Take out your phones. Murmured curiosity as the audience take out their phones. Jack reaches into his pocket and takes out his own.
24) 15) dialog: Take a photo. Jack takes a photo of himself, taps on the screen and upl it. At once his ludicrously handsome photo appears with s of his answers underneath. It reads - Jack Quant ‘interests - Environmentalism, Trekking, Lady Mary’.
24) 16) dialog: Now quickly answer a couple of questions. Miranda takes out her phone and hurriedly fills out the questionnaire. She takes a photo of a resistant Bridget.
24) 18) dialog: Then upload it to the Qwantify website and the results should start coming up on the screen behind me. More and more photos upload from the audience. Suddenly a photo of Miranda appears - she looks amazing. Then one of Bridget - she is slightly out of focus, mouth open.
24) 19) dialog: French cinema, huh? Slutty and sophisticated. As more pictures appear he comments.
24) 21) dialog: It’s science, you’d be foolish to resist it. (ALT)
24) 23) dialog: Ooo, there you go Gandalf, seems you’re not the only one looking for a ring. The good looking couple are matched.
24) 24) dialog: Now you guys would have good looking babies. A pair come up who both have as one of their interests - ‘nights in on my own’ The girl does the ‘call me’ motion.
24) 25) dialog: He doesn’t have to call you, he’s literally here. Various other photos appear with captions. INTERVIEWER’s picture comes up with - ‘Social Anthropology, Sunsets’. A quiet marvelling as more and more photos upload from th audience, coming together, aligned in ‘couplings’. The INTERVIEWER’S photo attaches to a particularly attrac woman, his eyes light up. Miranda flushes, now matched with a rather odd looking ma sitting to her left.
24) 26) dialog: Remember what happens at the festival, stays at the festival, unless it goes on Instagram then 300 million people can see it. Miranda grabs Bridget’s arm. A rather earnest looking man with a very old plastic bag in his hand smiles at Bridget She looks back at the screen. They’ve been matched.
24) 27) dialog: Never question the algorithm, see there really is someone for everyone... Bridget and Miranda get up and edge out of the tent. Suddenly on screen, Jack’s photo is matched with Bridget’ and the earnest man is knocked down to a photo below.
24) 28) text: 35 36 Jack's eyes fall back to where Bridget was sitting. She’s gone.
24) 29) dialog: Guess I scared her off.
26) 3) dialog: Sign me up. Bridget sits bolt upright, startled. Jack puts on the lig smiles gently at her.
26) 7) dialog: Yup, it’s almost as if I’ve come in and made it my own, right? Bridget takes another look at Jack.
26) 9) dialog: And wait, it’s you, the creature from the black lagoon, who likes French cinema, right? Bridget smiles at him. Jack scoots across the bed to make space.
26) 10) dialog: You don’t really expect me to believe you accidentally crashed into my yurt, do you? But since you’re here and obviously looking for a mate, maybe I can help you. Bridget laughs. Damn he’s hot.
27) 0) text: Ed Sheeran performs an unplugged version of ‘Thinking Out Loud’ to a rapt small audience. As he sings a giant Zorb ball with Miranda inside, rolls gently into the tent. INT. JACK’S YURT. NIGHT. 38 Bridget is lying on her front on the bed, facing Jack as fills in the Qwantify questionnaire online. Their faces illuminated by the screen.
27) 2) dialog: Nearly there. Do you believe in God?
27) 4) dialog: Have you ever eaten anything off the floor?
27) 7) dialog: Have you ever done anything you're ashamed of?
27) 9) dialog: I’m running out of space... Would you sleep with someone on the first date? There is a long pause.
27) 11) dialog: Depends how much?
27) 13) dialog: And was I? The first man?
27) 15) dialog: You might have just lost your bet. He leans forwards and kisses her.
27) 17) dialog: A couple more. Things are heating up. Jack kisses her again. SHOOTING SCRIPT. 39 40 29
27) 18) dialog: I need to know what things you aren't prepared to do, just to make absolutely sure I don’t offend. He starts to kiss her neck. He reaches They kiss.
27) 19) dialog: Is this off the agenda?
27) 21) dialog: Right. So I presume this is a no- no? round to undo her bra.
27) 23) dialog: Excellent. I’m really beginning to paint a picture of the kind of girl you aren’t.
27) 25) dialog: I‘’1l have to run the numbers but I’m pretty hopeful we can find someone within your criteria. It’s looking like a 97 percent match. Although would you mind an American?
27) 28) text: 41 42 43 44 45 46 47 EXT. YURT. LATER. 4l Nobody is awake. It’s been raining and the field is a swa muddy bog. Bridget, in a flap, jumps out of Jack’s yurt, lands in a boggy patch and can’t extricate her Wellington boot. Panicked, she simply takes her foot out and runs off with bare foot.
56) 0) text: REVEAL: Down on the studio floor Jack is getting mic’ed u He can’t see Bridget who is up in the gallery. The Make Up person, Cathy, approaches. Brush, powder etc the ready.
56) 4) dialog: Wow, real attention to detail. I could get used to this. Cathy laughs.
58) 2) dialog: It’s great to be here.
60) 3) dialog: (smiling) Wow - you’ve done your research. I’m the good-looking one at the front right!
60) 5) dialog: (easy charm) If I answer that, can we move on and talk about my book? Miranda nods.
60) 6) dialog: Ok then, some people had Farrah Fawcett as their first crush, but my first love was an algorithm.
62) 2) dialog: Ha! Apart from Downton’s Lady Mary? I thought we were moving on now...
64) 0) text: Jack is a little bit rattled.
64) 1) dialog: Look, I love kids, but I always found the idea of being a father myself kind of petrifying. That’s why I’m drawn to algorithms. They're rational, predictable. Everything a child isn’t. Cut to Bridget - her face drops. Miranda flinches as she hears the next question come down earpiece. She steels herself and becomes all Paxmanesque.
64) 3) dialog: Well... I believe so, the barracks are in pretty regular use.
66) 1) dialog: Well I suppose in order to find something you have to actively look for it, and I guess I work so hard these days, I haven’t got time.
68) 0) text: Jack now looks totally perplexed.
68) 1) dialog: I’m sorry, I’m not sure where we are going with all of this, but in all honesty, I have to be wary. I can attract the wrong type of women . He looks around and recognizes Bridget in the gallery.
68) 2) dialog: You wouldn’t believe some of the weirdos who cross my path. Seeing him see her, she takes evasive action and ducks be her desk. Unfortunately, her headphone lead doesn’t exten far enough and she ends up jolting her head back and havi to lean at forty-five degrees to the floor.
70) 1) dialog: Well how about seeing you here.
70) 3) dialog: You know, there are easier ways to get in touch with me than inviting me on national TV to ask me about my sperm.
70) 5) dialog: Because I would have liked to have heard from you. I was disappointed when I came back that morning and you'd gone.
70) 7) dialog: We had an amazing night. I thought you were great, at least I did, before I became a clip on ‘The fifty most embarrassing chat show moments of all time’.
70) 9) dialog: Wow! Congratulations, that’s so much better than you being mental.
70) 11) dialog: Oh... Wait... You mean... The Festival? SHOOTING SCRIPT. 98 58 Bridget nods. Jack looks dumbstruck.
70) 13) dialog: (laughing nervously) Except for a complete DNA check and review of my medical records. Bridget embarrassed. Awkward.
70) 16) dialog: Right, I didn’t have you down as one of those. Forgive me, I'ma little in shock, this wasn’t what I was expecting.
70) 18) dialog: Hold it, Katie Couric! I need to talk to you.
71) 0) text: JACK'S hair and fingernails are in the zip-loc bag on a medical trolley.
75) 13) dialog: Hi surprise! It’s the father of your child...
75) 16) dialog: Ha! Who else? He is buzzed up. Bridget opens the door. Jack enters, excited, carrying two huge bags and the Wellington boot s left at the festival.
75) 18) dialog: Should we make sure it fits? Bridget smiles.
75) 20) dialog: I wasn't expecting to come. I’m not used to being rejected...twice. But I’ve been doing some thinking.
75) 22) dialog: Bridget, this baby situation threw me initially. We squashed an entire relationship into one night and skipped straight to the starting a family phase. We never even had a real second date, but just so you know I would have taken you to Ottolenghi’s, an amazing place in Notting Hill. You would have had the grilled salmon and pine nut salsa. It’s unbelievable AND healthy. He produces takeaway boxes from inside his bag.
75) 23) dialog: We would have come back here, had incredible sex and spent the next couple of days sending each other filthy texts. He gets out his phone and presses send. Bridget’s phone beeps, she picks it up and reads it - clearly a filthy te
75) 25) dialog: Why not? You let me do it on our first... (MORE)
75) 27) dialog: We would then have gone on a dirty weekend away to the seaside, I would have been manly and won you a cuddly toy on the pier. He produces a cuddly toy.
75) 29) dialog: Nobody ever wins those, the coconuts are glued on. Bridget’s phone beeps again - another filthy text.
75) 31) dialog: You are wilfully misunderstanding me, I don’t even know her! He storms out and slams the door. Bridget looks confused. After a beat he returns with some amazing flowers that he hidden in the hallway.
75) 33) dialog: To say ‘sorry’. We had our first fight, I wasn’t flirting with that waitress, she means nothing to me. Bridget smiles. He goes out to the hallway again and prod a flat pack Ikea cabinet.
75) 34) dialog: And I’ve brought us some Swedish furniture to make, because if we can get through that, we can get through anything. Bridget is being swept off her feet.
75) 35) dialog: I'd find it adorable how your neck goes blotchy when you’re nervous, and I'd know you’d be the greatest possible mother to my child. Why does your neck go all blotchy by the way? Jack takes her in his arms, it feels incredibly safe and reassuring. SHOOTING SCRIPT. 72
77) 3) dialog: I’m not sure we should... Bridget swiftly interrupts, saying brightly.
77) 6) dialog: A boy. My boy.
78) 0) text: Bridget enters the office and walks towards her desk. ANGLE ON: 2 bunches of flowers. One card reads, “Thinking of you, best of luck with the presentation. Mark x”. The other, next to a much bigger bunch, reads, “To My Incredible Bridget, thinking of you both, good luck tomor knock ‘em dead, Jack, xxxxxxxxxXXXXXXXXXXX”
80) 15) dialog: We sure do! Mark slightly balks, looking confused. Ariyaratna Sithamparanathan is still there.
80) 16) dialog: Why didn’t you introduce me to this guy earlier? He’s great, you know he’s representing that punk protest band who are being extradicted?
80) 20) dialog: Fantastic.
81) 0) text: Mark, Jack and a shell-shocked, silent Bridget are sittin a table. Mark and Jack are getting on like a house on fir GIANNI, laying the table, is enjoying the conversation to
81) 2) dialog: Well, it’s a theory.
81) 5) dialog: My dating algorithm is to help people find love, not necessarily replace it. Have you ever tried it out? Bridget laughs nervously.
81) 6) dialog: You’re single right?
81) 17) dialog: Correct me if I’m wrong but did you just say that the baby could be either of ours?
81) 23) dialog: Bridget, I’m not going to pretend this isn’t a shock, but I just want you to know whatever the circumstances, you’re right, the most important thing is the baby, and I’m here to support you both. Who knows this could be a great adventure? He puts his arm around her.
83) 2) dialog: Our first ante-natal class. Exciting stuff, huh?
84) 0) text: Bridget and Jack are about to go in when Bridget sees Mar running up the street towards her and she can’t help but out a big smile, he decided to come! Mark hands her a small paper bag.
84) 3) dialog: Me too, awesome to see you buddy. He grabs the tea.
84) 5) dialog: There’s a heck of a lot of caffeine hidden in that tea. Jack takes out a smoothie from his bag and swaps it out f the tea. Bridget looks slightly horrified by Jack’s hideo looking concoction.
84) 7) dialog: Here, let me carry that for you. He takes Bridget’s big handbag from her, she’s genuinely appreciative of the gesture. Mark looks put out.
85) 0) text: All the couples sit together in a semi-circle around DAIS very pretty young woman, who listens with earth-shatterin brightness to one particularly lovely couple who are addressing the group. Bridget, Mark and Jack are the olde people in the class, and obviously stand out as the only in the room. Bridget looks anxious and self conscious as couples all introduce themselves.
85) 5) dialog: (looks at Mark mischieviously) Absolutely, and we just need the gift of a baby to make us complete.
85) 10) dialog: Early labour will be characterized by mild to moderate contractions, up to thirty to forty-five minutes apart, and often, but not always, a rupture of the amniotic membrane. Jack looks pleased with himself. Daisy looks surprised. M speaks quietly.
85) 12) dialog: Mark gets nervous about all of this, it’s very new to you isn’t it, lamb chop? Mark could not look more uncomfortable.
86) 0) text: Jack with a row of dads watching the new mums-to-be inclu Bridget in the water, mid aqua-ante-natal class. Jack is referring to a pregnancy book. Suddenly Mark joins them, and hassled, still in his court clothes.
86) 1) dialog: (book in hand) How would you like to give birth to your placenta?
87) 0) text: Back at the ante-natal class, all the same people, new we Today the partners are standing behind their wives as Dai demonstrates massage techniques. Every woman has one man behind her apart from Bridget, who has Mark and Jack, vyi for pole position.
87) 3) dialog: It can lower stress and promotes feel-good hormones. Mark shoots his hand up.
87) 9) dialog: (Mischievously) You're so sweet, that’s why I love you, pumpkin. A huge, lumbering, tattooed Neanderthal man looks over to them and turns to his wife.
90) 0) text: Bridget sits on an examination couch in a blue robe. Jack sits next to her.
92) 0) text: Bridget and Jack are mid conversation as Mark enters the room. Her face lights up.
92) 5) dialog: It's totally fine. I have it covered.
92) 7) dialog: C’mon buddy, you need to take a chill pill. We’ve got to do this together. In Peru, the UM BAT DO consider paternity a task to be shared among many tribesman.
92) 10) dialog: Look, the vibes are bad for the baby. Let’s go talk it out.
92) 13) dialog: Why are you so angry....
93) 1) dialog: Hey buddy why are you so angry?
93) 3) dialog: Do about it? You could try being around a little instead of saving the world by cell phone. I make her feel happy, Mark.
93) 5) dialog: Actually it does, and the fact that you have been trying and failing to make it work with each other for the last ten years should tell you that maybe you are not. This hits Mark hard. Jack relents.
93) 7) dialog: I don’t want to fight with you Mark. We need to think about Bridget and the baby, and for better or worse, fate has brought us together.
93) 9) dialog: What do you mean?
93) 11) dialog: Sorry, I’m not sure I know what you’re talking about. When Bridget and I...How do I put this..? I did not dress for the occasion... A silence while this revelation sinks in.
93) 12) dialog: Why don’t we calm down and grab a beer?
94) 0) text: Bridget comes down the stairs. She sees Mark and Jack sti arguing.
95) 0) text: Jack and Bridget walk hand in hand. Bridget looks distracted.
97) 0) text: Ante-natal class. Just Bridget and Jack - Mark is conspic by his absence.
98) 10) text: Shazzer says this like it’s a negative. Jack is now juggling the apples, the children are rapt.
98) 16) dialog: Watch that blood pressure Bridge. Let’s go with nature’s candy. Right little fella? He talks into Bridget’s belly. Shazzer slightly raises he eyebrows. She turns to Bridget.
99) 2) dialog: Oh, hey! For the first few months they can only see black and white. This will stimulate his spatial awareness.
99) 4) dialog: So much better than the floating pizzas. REVEAL - Bridget has been painting on the other wall.
99) 6) dialog: Well my Mom put Captain Caveman wallpaper on my wall when I was a baby. You can imagine how much that traumatized me. He starts to do the voice... He stops, no recognition. Th is a moment of silence.
99) 9) dialog: Yeah, about that. It’s kind of cramped in here, don’t you think?
99) 11) dialog: I was thinking, maybe it might be nice if we moved in together? This hits Bridget hard.
99) 13) dialog: Of course. I’m tired of living in hotel rooms, and airport lounges. We could be a family, you, me, him. What do you say? There is a long beat - Bridget trying to makes sense of things.
99) 15) dialog: What?
99) 17) dialog: I mean, obviously that would change things...
99) 19) dialog: And is that what you want? For it to be Mark's? This time Bridget pauses a moment too long.
99) 21) dialog: Are you in love with him? SHOOTING SCRIPT. 101
99) 23) dialog: And me?
99) 25) dialog: Bridget, I’ve not been entirely honest. Bridget looks at him.
99) 26) dialog: Mark thinks the baby isn’t his. I let him believe it was mine...that’s why he disappeared.
99) 28) dialog: Because I let him. You blind-sided me Bridget, with the chance to have a family. I didn’t want to lose you. We can be good for each other. Ninety seven per cent, remember. She drops her bags.
106) 3) text: 150 151 152 153 154 INT. BRIDGET’S FLAT. LONDON. 7 WEEKS LATER. (36 WEEKS) 15 Bridget, her bump now bigger, struggles to load the laund She pours Alpen muesli into the washing machine. She star scooping out the Alpen; a phenomenal mess. INT. BABY’S ROOM. NIGHT. 151 Bridget defiantly paints over Jack's graphic mural. INT. BRIDGET’S FLAT. NIGHT. 152 Back in the kitchen Bridget pours milk into the washing machine compartment and starts eating the Alpen.
117) 1) dialog: I'll take it from here! Darcy hands Bridget over to Jack. He tries to carry her.
117) 2) dialog: Holy shit - I think this is a two man job.
117) 5) dialog: (in unison) I am. The mid-wife looks confused, but ushers them into the delivery room.
118) 0) text: Bridget is on her hands and knees on the birthing bed. Ma and Jack simultaneously rub her back. Two midwives busy themselves preparing the equipment. DR RAWLINGS enters the room and looks from JACK to MARK, smiles knowingly.
118) 3) dialog: You can do this, a positive mental attitude is stronger than any drug, think away the pain.
118) 5) dialog: Bridget... Remember your yoga.
118) 12) text: Mark returns with a cool flannel in his hand, Jack grabs from him and places it on Bridget’s forehead, leaving Mar floundering and annoyed.
118) 14) dialog: You can do this, just think the pain away. As Jack gets closer, gently imploring her to manage the p she lifts her fist and punches him hard in the face, knoc him down.
118) 15) dialog: Motherfuckers!
121) 1) dialog: She’s pretty amazing, isn’t she?
121) 3) dialog: Listen, I owe you an apology. I know I haven’t behaved very well in all this.
122) 20) dialog: (gravely) And to you, my friend. CLOSE on Bridget - still high on her endorphins, regardin Mark with love and Jack with affection. Back on the men as they turn to her - FREEZE on their fac Over this, the sound of a baby’s laugh. The best sound in world, in fact. It laughs and laughs. A caption comes up: ONE YEAR LATER.
123) 0) text: Bridget Jones, finally a bride, enters at the back of the church on dad’s arm, smiling, nervous. She walks down the aisle passing Miranda, Richard, the friends, Una, Mum, Dad and other friends and relatives. Bridget arrives at the altar. Jack steps forward.
123) 1) dialog: (to Bridget) You look beautiful. She smiles. Jack steps aside - to REVEAL - Mark Darcy.