3) 0) text: BRIDGET JONES enters the church. She’s older than when we last saw her, forty three to be exact, slim and elegantly dressed. She takes a deep breath and collects herself. Bridget spots Jude and Shazzer and heads towards them. Shazzer greets her with a big hug.
3) 4) dialog: They found the flight recorder but still no bodies.
3) 10) dialog: You know what he’s like, wanting to do the decent thing.
3) 12) dialog: She’s pretty.
29) 0) text: A chic, expensive room. JUDE dresses her 6 year old, POPP whilst talking on speaker into her iPhone. They both have frightful colds. Giles is in the background getting ready
29) 1) dialog: Where the fuck are you? The child watches her mother carefully and expressionless before sneezing wetly all over her.
31) 1) dialog: You'd better be. Jude lifts up Poppy’s dress and looks at her severely.
31) 2) dialog: You are not going to a christening without wearing knickers.
32) 3) dialog: Bridge, I thought you should know, after Tom dropped out, Giles asked Mark to be the godfather, the prick.
32) 5) dialog: I know he really is a useless cock, did it without asking me. Bridget tenses.
34) 19) dialog: Bridget, they want to get a photo with you and me and the baby.
38) 0) text: We find Jude fast asleep in her hotel room, with the baby next to her.
71) 16) text: She draws a cartoon of the friends, they all have stumpy hands. She draws a cartoon of Jude at the end of the seco spoke. She’s surrounded with lots of babies.
74) 32) dialog: That’s the least of your problems....POPPY! NO!... You’ve no idea. She just turns and shouts maniacally at Poppy mid sentenc without missing a beat. Bridget looks horrified.
74) 34) dialog: I know I’ve gone on and on about how wonderful motherhood is in public, Bridge, but I’ve been lying.
74) 36) dialog: Because everyone does. No-one tells the truth. Babies are GHASTLY. They ruin your life. Ruin it... PUT IT DOWN!... (she shouts at an unseen child)... You're always ill, you can’t go out, you're covered in a constant layer of sick, wee, old food and poo, there’s no time to wash, and anyway there’s no point because you don’t see anybody and you will never have sex again - Giles tried the other night and apart from the fact that when he pulled off the duvet I looked like I still had it on, I couldn’t feel anything - not a thing because it’s a wind-tunnel down there, he said it was like the Hadron fucking Collider and as for my nipples - Jude whips out a boob. We only see Bridget’s horrified reaction. Jude spoons the boob back in.
74) 37) dialog: Don’t do it, Bridge, or have it, sell it, and buy a nice new car... one of those lovely new Minis. Get out, escape while you can.
74) 39) dialog: No, thank you. That was good to get off my chest. SHOOTING SCRIPT. 107 108 She gets up to leave and as she turns the corner she sees 67 MILO, her nine year old boy, throwing darts at Poppy. Bri looks horrified, and gives both of them a Haribo.
74) 40) dialog: Let them get on with it, natural selection. INT. BRIDGET’S FLAT. LATER. The door slams behind a panicked Bridget. 107 She passes her drawing pinned to the fridge door. She tak pen and crosses out Jude’s little cartoon figure.
122) 5) dialog: So sorry, I’m late Bridge, some Lesbians are having a stupid all night march.