4) 0) text: The congregation is leaving. At the back of the church Bridget says goodbye to her friends. As she turns, she fi herself face to face with Mark Darcy and his wife.
4) 1) dialog: Bridget.
4) 3) dialog: Camilla, my wife. Bridget Jones, My..... an old friend.
4) 7) dialog: Right. Yes. Well. Goodbye.
34) 7) dialog: (stiffly) So, how are you?
34) 9) dialog: Well. Yes. Thanks. Mark is incredibly uncomfortable and awkward around the b
34) 11) dialog: Camilla. No. She er... no. Couldn’t make it. Are you with anyo....?
34) 16) dialog: Sorry?
34) 18) dialog: Right, yes, put like that... He doesn’t get a chance to elaborate because Jude interru
34) 21) dialog: Well. I’1l see you later I shouldn’t wonder.
36) 0) text: Bridget and Mark arrive at the bar simultaneously. Mark g her a polite smile as two efficient bar-people reach them
36) 1) dialog: Hello again.
36) 3) dialog: How are you?
36) 5) dialog: I am fine.
36) 7) dialog: Good bye. They turn away to a separate barman.
36) 9) dialog: (to his barman) And a whisky. Double. They go off in opposite directions. Drinking fast.
37) 0) text: Mark spots Bridget who is heroically trying to stop Magda Jeremy’s three ill-behaved boys and Shazzer’s twins from killing each other in order to get a turn on the iPad.
37) 3) dialog: That’s no way to treat a lady, boys. Here, look -
37) 4) text: Mark picks up the iPad and sits on the floor. The boys cluster around it.
37) 5) dialog: Right, vigilantism is no solution, let the police deal with the pimp, he’1l face a minimum of eight years in custody, assuming no previous, and how about you all sit round and watch this thing with cows in space... Bridget rises to her feet, watching. The boys, absorbed i this new film, have forgotten she exists. Mark speaks wit looking up.
37) 6) dialog: I'd go while the going’s good.
37) 8) dialog: See that’s the first issue right there, cows with opposable thumbs, ludicrous...
39) 0) text: Dancing has started - a kind of kid/adult disco affair as children run around drunk adults. Giles & Fergus are DJin badly. The music playing is GANGNAM STYLE. Bridget - by now quite merry and wearing Poppy’s fairy wi still has the toy train wound into her hair. She’s dancin with all the children, and doing all the horsey-ridey mov Despite the silliness of the dance Bridget is in her elem she knows the dance really well and is mesmerizing, a str combination of graceful, sexy and fun. Mark Darcy stands aloof, a bit tortured, observing, inadvertently rapt by her. Bridget, mid dance, spots him looking alone and after a moment’s pause ‘Gangnam Styles’ over.
39) 3) dialog: I was only there very briefly.
39) 5) dialog: Gangnam. Bridget looks puzzled.
39) 6) dialog: What are we talking about?
39) 8) dialog: Ah, I see. Not the suburb of Seoul.
39) 10) dialog: Right.
39) 12) dialog: It literally means ‘south of the Han river’. It was inhabited as early as the Paleolithic period. Bridget stops dancing.
39) 16) dialog: (to Bridget) Shall we get some air? They walk outside.
40) 0) text: Mark leads Bridget to the terrace overlooking the moonlit lake.
40) 1) dialog: I don’t suppose you have a cigarette?
40) 3) dialog: Not that you’re counting...
40) 5) dialog: I don’t. It’s been a tense time. And maybe I’m nervous.
40) 7) dialog: You have a train in your hair.
40) 9) dialog: Seems to be stuck. And is this... cake?
40) 13) dialog: No I’m not. Well I am. We’re getting a divorce. That’s why she’s not here.
40) 15) dialog: No, she was just there to be supportive. (MORE)
40) 17) dialog: She’s gone back to The Hague. Where she’s now living and I’m not. BRIDGET. Mark. I’m so sorry.
40) 18) dialog: Right at this precise moment, I’m not sorry at all. And he pulls her to him and kisses her again.
42) 0) text: Mark tries to undo the many tiny buttons on her dress, it takes a ridiculously long time. They both start to laugh.
42) 1) dialog: How the fuck am I meant to get in here? INT. MARK’'S BEDROOM. LATER 61 The familiar trail of clothes and undies leads to the bed Mark and Bridget are having sex.
42) 3) dialog: Bridget?
42) 5) dialog: Were you faking not having an orgasm?
42) 7) dialog: Why do you do that?
42) 9) dialog: God. I’ve missed you. Mark’s iPhone alarm goes off. He reaches for it.
42) 11) dialog: Sorry. It’s gone off early. I've got a flight to Damascus tomorrow. He turns over and goes back to sleep. Bridget looks at hi
43) 0) text: Bridget waits for Mark at arrivals. The arrivals board re ‘DAMASCUS’. He doesn’t appear. Bridget anxious.
44) 0) text: Bridget is at a candlelit table ordering. Mark is outside window on the phone.
45) 0) text: Bridget waits for Mark at arrivals. The arrivals board re ‘BASRA’. He doesn’t appear. Bridget anxious. INT. MARK’S HOUSE. NIGHT. 66 It is Mark’s birthday. Bridget has prepared a spectacular birthday meal, with balloons, candles, flowers. She’s dre in an apron. She hears someone at the door. She opens it Mark. Simultaneously the camera pulls back to reveal a wi shot of: Bridget from behind, ENTIRELY NAKED. Mark’s four work colleagues appear in the door behind him.
46) 0) text: At that moment Mark’s mobile lights up. We see a text fla up from Camilla (complete with photograph): ‘Call me. xX’ Bridget reflects. She gives him a tender kiss on the chee before gathering her clothes and leaving. 70 INT. COUNTRY HOUSE HOTEL. DARCY’S BEDROOM. DAY. 70 Morning light flutters across DARCY’S lids.
46) 1) dialog: Bridget? This is met with ominous silence. He looks around and deflates as he spies a note on the bedside table.
48) 13) dialog: This case isn’t about fraud. It’s about freedom of speech. We shall use the full force of the British judicial system to ensure that P... (MORE)
48) 15) dialog: (he can’t bring himself to say the name) these artists are entitled to exercise that freedom in the twenty first century... Bridget is putting on her jeans. She can’t fasten them.
73) 0) text: Bridget enters the public gallery. She can see Mark Darcy wig and gown, getting to his feet. Nine supreme court jud are seated, smart in their suits. Mark is dashing, authoritative and incredibly impressive.
73) 1) dialog: My Lords, there is only one fraud that has been committed here and it is this. To use the laws of one country to try to destroy the freedom of speech of another. A Trojan Horse to take away the right of these brave young women to speak the truth about the reality of their beloved country. In the dock are four ‘Poonani’ singers, wearing anti government T-shirts.
73) 2) dialog: You may not like their music and for that I cannot blame you. They may not have mastered the fundamentals of melody, or even the most basic tenets of musicianship, However, this is the land of Shakespeare, Orwell, Lawrence. A land built on the defence of free speech. This is your opportunity, my Lords, to send a very clear message back to any country, any ruler, any despot, that here in the United Kingdom we will always defend and protect women such as P... BP... Women such as these, who have courageously and selflessly chosen to risk their liberty and quite possibly their lives to tell the truth. Accordingly we respectfully ask that the request for extradition be denied and quashed forthwith. He is masterful, compelling. He takes his seat. The court erupts.
73) 6) dialog: Oh Christ, I’m looking forward to going back to some good, old- fashioned genocide. As Mark collects his things to leave, he spots Bridget in public gallery.
74) 0) text: Mark walks Bridget towards his office.
74) 1) dialog: I wasn't expecting to see you again, after the ‘events’ at the Christening.
74) 3) dialog: Thank you, although dealing with them for the last month has made me feel a certain amount of sympathy for the totalitarian dictator who wants to silence them. There’s only so many times I can listen to the resolutely un-catchy ‘Menstruation, Castration, Liberation’.
74) 5) dialog: Who? INT. MARK’S OFFICE. DAY. 103 Mark shows Bridget into his immaculate office
74) 6) dialog: So....?
74) 8) dialog: Yes... Long pause.
74) 11) dialog: Yes?
74) 13) dialog: Err... Yes.
74) 15) dialog: Bridget?
74) 17) dialog: Right... Congratulations. Bridget nods.
74) 18) dialog: And how can I help?
74) 20) dialog: Oh! The Christening? You mean.... Bridget nods, she looks anxious as it sinks in.
74) 21) dialog: Well. This is... Right. If you’ll excuse me for just one moment. He leaves the room. She stands there, not knowing how thi will play out. INT. CORRIDOR. MARK’S OFFICE. DAY. 104 Mark heads out into the deserted corridor where he tries compose himself. INT. MARK’S OFFICE. DAY. 105 He returns and looks at her, breathes, braces himself.
74) 23) dialog: So. I think... this is possibly the single, most wonderful piece of information I have ever been given in my entire life.
74) 25) dialog: Of course. And I mean, how do you feel? are you... happy?
74) 27) dialog: I know that, but, right now, I just can’t feel gloomy about it. On Bridget’s face.
75) 0) text: Bridget and Mark staring at each other. GIANNI and his brother, SERGIO, smile from the bar area, uncomfortably c to their table.
75) 2) dialog: You sounded pre-occupied on the phone, not your usual self. Is everything OK... Before Bridget can answer an enthusiastic Gianni comes to table and interrupts.
75) 7) dialog: Very, Notting Hill school gates. I was actually thinking Jack, after my grandfather. Jack’s a good strong name, you can rely ona Jack. Bridget blanches. BRIDGET. Yes, it’s one for the list certainly.
75) 8) dialog: Our little Jack. Gianni raises a glass.
75) 10) dialog: It is, Gianni. It truly is. Bridget smiles, conflicted.
76) 4) dialog: Maybe we should be prepare... Then ‘Thump. Thump’. The sound of a heartbeat fills the r Mark is transfixed by the image on the screen. It’s a mom The tiny miracle of life stretching and squirming.
76) 9) dialog: A boy.
76) 10) text: 112 Bridget and Mark stare at the grainy image lovingly.
76) 11) dialog: Our boy. Bridget is overcome with happiness and then instantaneous riven with guilt.
76) 13) dialog: Oh right... Of course. Mark exits.
78) 0) text: Bridget enters the office and walks towards her desk. ANGLE ON: 2 bunches of flowers. One card reads, “Thinking of you, best of luck with the presentation. Mark x”. The other, next to a much bigger bunch, reads, “To My Incredible Bridget, thinking of you both, good luck tomor knock ‘em dead, Jack, xxxxxxxxxXXXXXXXXXXX”
80) 0) text: Mark makes his way over to her. Her happiness at seeing h is significantly tempered by the fact that she can see Ja approaching behind.
80) 1) dialog: I hope it’s okay me turning up, surprising you. I mean, well done. It was very...technically adroit? As he says this Bridget sees Jack approaching and panics.
80) 13) dialog: Bridget! This is Jack Quant. He’s really rather brilliant. I read this tremendous profile of him in the New Yorker-
80) 21) dialog: Why not? I booked GIANNI'S.
81) 0) text: Mark, Jack and a shell-shocked, silent Bridget are sittin a table. Mark and Jack are getting on like a house on fir GIANNI, laying the table, is enjoying the conversation to
81) 1) dialog: «+.SO you really believe that mathematics can help us - how did you put it in your book - ‘analyze human behavior previously invisible to science.’
81) 4) dialog: Really? In my experience emotions have a lot to do with it. A pause. Bridget looks uncomfortable.
81) 7) dialog: Well-
81) 8) text: Mark looks to Bridget - she smiles, even more uncomfortab GIANNI, frankly, confused.
81) 9) dialog: I suppose in a way...Yes...So, how do you two know each other? Bridget takes a deep breath.
81) 11) dialog: Right.
81) 14) dialog: Oh...Right..I see...that’s... All of a sudden it’s a bit awkward.
81) 19) dialog: So you have no idea which of us is actually the father? GIANNI, wishing he was invisible.
81) 24) dialog: (Less convincingly) I’m sorry, you'll have to excuse me, I have a meeting. He gets up and leaves.
84) 0) text: Bridget and Jack are about to go in when Bridget sees Mar running up the street towards her and she can’t help but out a big smile, he decided to come! Mark hands her a small paper bag.
84) 1) dialog: I brought you a nice tea.
84) 8) dialog: Right, do you want me to carry your phone for you? She is also carrying a tiny mobile phone. She hands it to him.
85) 0) text: All the couples sit together in a semi-circle around DAIS very pretty young woman, who listens with earth-shatterin brightness to one particularly lovely couple who are addressing the group. Bridget, Mark and Jack are the olde people in the class, and obviously stand out as the only in the room. Bridget looks anxious and self conscious as couples all introduce themselves.
85) 4) dialog: No, actually....
85) 11) dialog: Right yes, absolutely. Of course. I mean, isn’t this something one would normally leave to the midwife?
86) 0) text: Jack with a row of dads watching the new mums-to-be inclu Bridget in the water, mid aqua-ante-natal class. Jack is referring to a pregnancy book. Suddenly Mark joins them, and hassled, still in his court clothes.
86) 4) dialog: You should leave, I’m just going over some of the details on the Al Bashir case.
86) 6) dialog: When you had Charlie did it all come naturally? Did you know you were going to be a good Dad? Mark, troubled.
87) 0) text: Back at the ante-natal class, all the same people, new we Today the partners are standing behind their wives as Dai demonstrates massage techniques. Every woman has one man behind her apart from Bridget, who has Mark and Jack, vyi for pole position.
87) 4) dialog: And to be safe, it should also be avoided in instances of high-risk pregnancy for example where there is a geriatric mother. Bridget looks slightly put out. Everybody laughs, Mark lo embarrassed.
87) 8) dialog: It’s Mark, I think I’11l probably leave it to Jack, he seems to have it covered.
89) 0) text: Mark is addressing the court.
89) 1) dialog: My lady, may I please make an application for leave to appeal in the case of H.M. Government and Saddiq Al Bashir. As your Ladyship is no doubt aware, Mr Al Bashir lost his case in the court of appeal and he now seeks this courts leave to appeal on a point of law of public importance, namely, the question of whether permission for the electronic intercepts of his phone was lawfully granted by the Foreign Secretary. As it stands, the law on intercept warrants lacks clarity and on our proposed appeal we shall be inviting your Ladyship’s court to give greater definition to the Home Secretary's powers and duties.
91) 0) text: Dr. Rawlings enters the waiting room and sees Mark Darcy reception. Mark approaches Dr. Rawlings.
91) 1) dialog: How’s Bridget? Is everything alright? Dr. Rawlings subtly moves to block the window and then ma Mark face the other way round so that he can’t see Jack.
91) 3) dialog: It’s fine, I know about Jack, but thank you, Doctor.
92) 0) text: Bridget and Jack are mid conversation as Mark enters the room. Her face lights up.
92) 2) dialog: I’m sorry. I just got your messages. I was in court.
92) 6) dialog: Yes. I can see that.
92) 8) dialog: Well, unfortunately we UM BAT DON’T live in Peru, I live in Ealing. Bridget looks from Mark to Jack.
93) 2) dialog: You know what? I’m really not your buddy, I don’t know about vibes or negative energy or prenatal wind and even less about algorithms and automated reasoning, so I’1l admit that I struggle to understand the laws of attraction especially when I apply them to myself. Bridget just defies comprehension generally. But despite, or perhaps owing to, the bewildering litany of catastrophes I’ve witnessed over the last forty years, I feel I know her rather well and have spent every one of those years caring for her very deeply. In doing so I may be going expressly against my own better judgment but there’s nothing I can do about it. (CONT'D)
93) 4) dialog: And I suppose your algorithm tells you that you and Bridget are destined to be together, does it?
93) 8) dialog: It wasn’t fate. It was condoms. A beat.
93) 10) dialog: You know those disastrous dolphin friendly things from the bottom of Bridget’s bag.
94) 0) text: Bridget comes down the stairs. She sees Mark and Jack sti arguing.
94) 2) dialog: Dear Bridget, I’m sorry about today. I think you were right when you said the fantasy of us was always better than the reality. What you want me to be and what I am just don’t add up.
94) 4) text: INT. MARK’S OFFICE. DAY. Mark writing the letter.
94) 5) dialog: I do realise how difficult I make it for you to love me and it was never my intention to leave you so alone. Because in truth there must be something that I’ve never been able to give you. Why else did you go back to....
94) 7) dialog: Daniel Cleaver.
94) 9) dialog: It’s alright Bridget. INT. PREGNANCY YOGA CLASS. NIGHT. Bridget struggling in a pregnancy yoga class. surrounded by young, nubile pregnant women.
94) 10) dialog: I’ve always made myself believe that our history should lead us to be together. INT. MARK’S BEDROOM. DAY. CLOSE-UP on Mark closing up a suitcase. MARK (V.O.CONT’D) But maybe deep down, despite everything we’ve shared, we’re not compatible. Bridget clearly 130 down her face. 131 She's 132
96) 0) text: Mark, distracted, at the boarding gate for KHARTOUM. He m his way towards the plane.
96) 1) dialog: And now information has come to light that has led me to believe that my further involvement in this situation is impossible. Be assured of my concern for your well-being and some sense of my responsibility in the situation... INT. BRIDGET’S FLAT. DAY. 136 Bridget back reading the letter. She looks at an enclosed cheque, indignant.
96) 2) dialog: A financial contribution would seem to me appropriate. Should you have any practical needs, you need only alert my office. I wish you every happiness for the future. Mark. The cheque falls to the floor. She walks up to the African chart, zones in on Darcy’s na with tears rolling down her cheeks. She strokes her bump.
97) 0) text: Ante-natal class. Just Bridget and Jack - Mark is conspic by his absence.
100) 0) text: A heavily pregnant Bridget ‘runs’ through the market.
102) 0) text: Bridget, breathless, turns the corner to see a taxi pull Mark gets out with his suitcases. Bridget, about to call out, when she sees his front door and Camilla waiting to greet him. She watches as they hug
115) 0) text: Mark is helping Camilla at the check-in desk. He turns around, just in time to see: Tom and Eduardo, emerging into arrivals carrying their li boy. Tom strokes his head. Eduardo fusses with the buggy. Mark watches this scene. He smiles. He thinks. Unbeknowns Camilla's observing him.
115) 7) dialog: Bridget? My god. What are you doing there? You’re all wet. You’re outside! He kneels down, helps her up.
115) 10) dialog: It seems I can never, ever leave this street. SHOOTING SCRIPT. 112
115) 12) dialog: You know very well she’s called Camilla...
115) 14) dialog: She was coming to collect her things. She’s gone back to The Hague. Without a beat he wraps his scarf around his hand and pun the glass of the front door, before letting himself in. 166 INT. BRIDGET’S FLAT. NIGHT. 166 They are both now inside the flat, Bridget still reeling. Mark takes Bridget in his arms.
115) 15) dialog: Look you know I find emotional declarations.... difficult, but the truth is... (a beat) Bridget?
115) 17) dialog: Why are my trousers all warm?
115) 19) dialog: Jesus Christ!
115) 21) dialog: No, no. It doesn’t matter. But you’re not due for another two or three weeks at least. A contraction. She winces.
115) 24) dialog: And we are ruling out “Braxton Hicks” which tend to be longer and non - rhythmic in nature...
115) 26) dialog: Absolutely!
115) 28) dialog: I came in a cab.
115) 30) dialog: Well how was I supposed to know!?
115) 32) dialog: We’ll take your car.
115) 34) dialog: Right. Ok. You just pant and breathe and relax and count. That’s what you’re supposed to do, right? Darcy’s phone starts to ring. Will he answer?
115) 39) dialog: Oh shit... Can I borrow a phone? She throws him the house phone. He starts to dial.
115) 40) dialog: Where’s your overnight bag?
115) 42) dialog: Hi there. A cab from 7A Stonier Street. A great suite of immense luggage.
115) 43) dialog: Good God, Bridget, it’s an overnight bag, do you really need -
115) 45) dialog: Jesus!
115) 47) dialog: No, not you. 45 minutes for a cab, apparently it’s gridlock.
115) 49) dialog: We'll work something out. I’11 carry the bags. And we should call Jack. 167 INT. GIANNI’S PIZZA DELIVERY VAN. NIGHT. 167 Bridget and Mark are in Gianni’s pizza delivery van. Brid is in some pain now.
116) 7) dialog: Oh Christ, it’s those infernal women . CUT TO: Hundreds of incensed chanting women on bicycles w placards block the streets.
116) 9) dialog: Hold my hand - squeeze my 17, 18, 19, 20, 21 - hand, hard as you like - not long now - stay calm -— actually, not too hard.
116) 13) dialog: There’s no need. I’1ll carry you.
116) 16) dialog: Nonsense, I don’t feel a thing! JUMP CUT to ten yards later. Gasping, red-faced, doubled over, Mark can’t go one step further.
116) 17) dialog: Good God, Bridget, you’re immense!
116) 19) dialog: I think my lung’s collapsed, but this is not about me.
116) 22) dialog: Okay, we’ll walk for ten, rest for ten. And he hauls Bridget on towards the hospital.
117) 0) text: Mark is still carrying her. Almost on his knees...when Ja on his motorcycle, screeches to a halt. He gets off.
117) 5) dialog: (in unison) I am. The mid-wife looks confused, but ushers them into the delivery room.
118) 0) text: Bridget is on her hands and knees on the birthing bed. Ma and Jack simultaneously rub her back. Two midwives busy themselves preparing the equipment. DR RAWLINGS enters the room and looks from JACK to MARK, smiles knowingly.
118) 12) text: Mark returns with a cool flannel in his hand, Jack grabs from him and places it on Bridget’s forehead, leaving Mar floundering and annoyed.
118) 13) dialog: Bu...
118) 16) dialog: Just think the pain away... Jack nurses his bleeding nose.
118) 24) dialog: You can! You can do it, Bridget! And we can do it together.
118) 26) dialog: Look at what life’s thrown at you already. As he talks, Bridget grabs his arm and starts to bite int - it’s clearly extraordinarily painful, but Mark just gri his teeth register. and talks through the agony, barely letting it
118) 27) dialog: Christmas jumpers, massive pants, cheating boyfriends and repressed men who don’t deserve you. You’ve turned disasters into triumphs with your sheer joyful, infectious, indefatigable lust for life, time after time in succession. You've Managed your pregnancy almost entirely alone whilst having to deal with two juvenile men, a lunatic mother and...P...P...Poonani! He finally said it! She bites down harder. Mark conceals pain.
118) 28) dialog: This is just the last few moments and at the end of them, you’ll see your beautiful baby!
118) 30) dialog: (no hesitation) Then I will love him anyway. Just like I love you, just the way you were; the way you are; and - no doubt - the way you always will be... Bridget looks at Mark through the red haze. He’s making sense. Then the next pain is upon her and she bows her he to it. She takes her teeth out of his now bloody arm, teethmarks apparent. He turns his back to her and lets out a massive silent scream.
121) 2) dialog: Formidable, always has been.
121) 6) dialog: It’s okay.
122) 3) dialog: Why don’t you tell them yourself, they’re all here. He opens the door and Jude, Shazzer and Tom pop their hea in blowing kisses and congratulating her. Bridget smiles them, so happy. INT. HOSPITAL. LABOUR UNIT. BRIDGET’S ROOM. DAY. 176 Bridget cradles the baby, who is now washed and swaddled quite simply the most beautiful thing ever. One by one, t friends rush in. CLOSE on Jude.
122) 6) dialog: Actually they’re marching in aid of freedom of speech, it’s a rather important... Shazzer rushes in.
122) 9) dialog: Actually, the march is rather... Tom rushes in.
122) 19) dialog: Good luck.
123) 2) dialog: We're really doing this. On the congregation smiling, happy.