5) 29) dialog: Guilty. Thought it would cheer you up. Hashtag ‘Bridge’s bday’. Bridget looks horrified as SUSAN the pregnant Floor Manag brings up a cake emblazoned with forty three candles for to blow out.
6) 3) dialog: So, how will I be changing the world today? BRIDGET. Well our main feature will be the exclusive interview with the Foreign Secretary about NGochi. As she says “NGochi”- she does it with the authentic Afri click.
6) 4) dialog: OMG, how do you do that? N-Gochi, N- Gochi. She tries but fails to do the click.
6) 5) dialog: You are so good at that.
7) 0) text: Bridget and Miranda continue to talk as Miranda is primpe and preened by a hair and make-up woman, CATHY. Cathy tries to N’Gochi too. They are all at it.
7) 3) dialog: And after “NGochi”... She gets it right and high fives with Bridget and Cathy.
7) 4) dialog: ... how do we plan to celebrate tonight?
7) 6) dialog: Please say that involves group sex.
7) 10) dialog: Nonsense. There are names for people like you now Bridge, you're a cougar, a MILF.
9) 0) text: Miranda takes her place on set, slips in her ear-piece.
9) 2) dialog: Anyway, far too many women are wasting their lives having babies in their thirties and forties when they should be getting on with their careers.
9) 5) dialog: Hello, and welcome to Hard News.
9) 7) dialog: Tonight, more attacks in Ramallah, we go live as the world asks is it time for the UN to intervene? FOOTAGE RUNS so they can go on talking.
9) 8) dialog: You didn’t by any chance freeze your eggs?
9) 10) dialog: You know what Bridge, this weekend we need to go out and engage in some serious - BONG - back on air.
9) 11) dialog: Binge drinking; A dangerous scourge on society. Is new legislation needed? FOOTAGE RUNS.
10) 2) dialog: The Foreign Secretary will be live in the studio to talk about the looming crisis in Muribundi. FOOTAGE RUNS.
10) 3) dialog: Or you could always try online dating again. BRIDGET. Those dating sites are just full of married men wanting affairs.
10) 5) dialog: No, I’ve met all sorts of men. The other night I was on Tinder and half an hour later I’m in a three way with...
10) 7) dialog: Prince Andrew; The Royal Special Representative for Trade and Investment has written his first children’s book. FOOTAGE RUNS. Two young, hip and serious-looking professionals glide in the back of the studio; power-dressed ALICE PEABODY and h assistant. She watches proceedings sternly.
10) 8) dialog: But first, live in the studio I’m joined by Foreign Secretary, George Wilkins, who has just returned from war ravaged Muribundi, where the assassination of bloody dictator, Charles Ngochi... She can’t help but look pleased with herself.
10) 9) dialog: -.. has resulted in civil war. Minister, was this a military coup?
11) 3) dialog: (to Minister) Well, it’s just sad. I can’t believe he’s gone actually.
11) 7) dialog: (to Minister) I know he had his faults. He could be a massive arsehole, but I miss him. We all do. The minister, clearly confused, but trying to play along. At the back of the set, Alice takes notes.
11) 10) dialog: At least he was never boring. Wilkins looks at Miranda, now totally perplexed and speechless.
12) 2) dialog: (to Minister) Do you think a spirit of democracy can carry over into democracy can carry over in West Africa now Ngochi’s West Africa now Ngochi’s dead? dead? Back on course! Phew.
13) 0) text: Richard and Miranda stand in the gallery.
13) 6) dialog: They won’t sack Bridget. She rescued this show, she made it relevant. She made us award winning! And as a result she has no life. Because everyone has mercilessly abused the fact that she is a lonely, single, childless SPILF who works all hours.
13) 9) dialog: Maybe one of them will give Bridget some sex.
13) 13) dialog: Yes. Which is why I’m taking her on the girls’ weekend to beat all girls’ weekends. A rap on the glass door makes them all whirl round. It’s Alice Peabody. Richard looks at the studio floor confused
14) 0) text: Bridget leaves with Miranda.
14) 1) dialog: And you’re sure you don’t want to come out with me and my crew?
17) 0) text: Miranda and Bridget enter the festival. Bridget is wheeli her smart suitcase through the mud with little success. T are posters everywhere advertising bands or specific tent and wherever there is a sign it features a ‘SPONSORED BY QWANTIFY’ logo.
17) 1) dialog: I didn’t tell you because I knew you wouldn't come. Anyway, it’s not camping, it’s ‘glamping’.
17) 3) dialog: Come on Bridge, it’1ll be fun. What you need is a good shafting, some good old fashioned, lie-back-and- think-of-England bonking. Festivals are sexual free-for-alls, it’s like Sodom and Gomorrah, with tofu. Bridget looks at her.
17) 5) dialog: Seriously. It’s been five years. You need to get out of this self- imposed purdah you’ve been in since you split up from “he whose name shall not be mentioned.”
17) 7) dialog: Prove it. The first man you meet, you have to sleep with.
17) 9) dialog: I’m not taking no for an answer. We’ve got backstage passes, we'll be rubbing shoulders with rockstars. And we’ve got yurts. I got you this... in case of an emergency. Miranda holds out a loo roll and 2 plastic bags, One Lidl one Marks and Spencer's - Bridget grabs the M&S bag. A DREAD-LOCKED GUY approaches Bridget with a suspicious w
17) 12) dialog: (to Bridget) I‘1ll get the backstage passes. You find a map. She strides off. Bridget heads in the opposite direction. she walks her heels gets stuck in the mud and as she step forward, she leaves it behind. She tries to go back to gr it, but the other heel gets stuck, and she is caught in w is effectively the splits, unable to extricate herself fr her shoes. After a struggle she pulls one of the heels out.
17) 18) dialog: Bridget!
18) 0) text: Bridget and Miranda faced with a hundred identical yurts.
19) 0) text: Miranda and Bridget open the door to reveal one bed.
19) 1) dialog: Cosy.
20) 0) text: - We track along a row of themed bars, where Bridget and Miranda are downing every cocktail, real ale and vodka sh and as they ‘cheers’ each other, they shout.
20) 2) dialog: NGochi! NGochi!
21) 0) text: Bridget and Miranda are dancing away like dervishes among the ridiculously young crowd to a thumping dance track, having the time of their lives. There are people in Zorb balls on the dancefloor. Bridget shouts across to Miranda
22) 0) text: A tipsy Miranda and Bridget are backstage having fun by t bar.
22) 4) dialog: What on earth are you doing?
22) 6) dialog: We did! Of us!
22) 12) dialog: And an attitude to boot! Is it really so difficult? They walk away leaving a shocked Ed Sheeran hanging.
22) 13) dialog: Honestly, they let any riff-raff backstage nowadays. As they walk away Bridget turns around and exchanges a sm with him.
23) 0) text: A tipsy Miranda and Bridget are looking lost. They spot a tent.
23) 1) dialog: Let’s go to the Mantra tent next, that’s where FKA Twigs is playing.
24) 5) dialog: Wooo, fuck yeah! All heads turn as Bridget and Miranda stop in their track
24) 7) dialog: Come on let’s go. Who wants to do maths at a festival? Let’s get shit- faced.
24) 12) dialog: (shouting out to the crowd)
24) 17) dialog: I’ve put down that you like French cinema - it’s sophisticated and slutty at the same time. Miranda takes a snap of herself.
25) 0) text: Ed Sheeran belts out the iconic and brilliant ‘Sing’. The crowd love him, so do Bridget and Miranda. Bridget, now loving festival life, jiggles on top of Miranda’s straining shoulders.
25) 1) dialog: Oh my god.
27) 0) text: Ed Sheeran performs an unplugged version of ‘Thinking Out Loud’ to a rapt small audience. As he sings a giant Zorb ball with Miranda inside, rolls gently into the tent. INT. JACK’S YURT. NIGHT. 38 Bridget is lying on her front on the bed, facing Jack as fills in the Qwantify questionnaire online. Their faces illuminated by the screen.
48) 9) dialog: You do realise this is extra work for no money.
48) 28) dialog: They were a gift. Don’t ask...
49) 0) text: Miranda stands outside a toilet cubicle talking to Bridge inside.
49) 1) dialog: Tumbling rapids, frothing waterfalls, a babbling brook... She turns on the taps as we cut to a pensive Bridget sitt on the loo.
49) 4) dialog: I think that’s a positive result. For a moment, both of them are in stunned silence. Miranda shakes the stick.
49) 6) dialog: The baby’s not in the sodding stick, Bridget. Well the good news is you’re not having the menopause.
49) 9) dialog: This is when you are meant to leap for joy.
49) 11) dialog: You’re pregnant. You’re pregnant! You’re going to have a BABY!!
50) 0) text: Miranda and Bridget in whispered discussion, aware that A and her team are hovering in the background.
50) 1) dialog: You don’t have to keep it...
50) 3) dialog: Bridget, do you want a baby?
50) 5) dialog: One broken out-of-date condom... I might have believed it was an accident but two? You wanted it.
55) 0) text: The gallery is buzzing as it’s show time. A skittish Brid is at the desk, in Miranda’s ear.
57) 0) text: A nervous Bridget talks into Miranda’s earpiece.
58) 0) text: Miranda puts on a concerned face as the Floor Manager cou her down.
58) 1) dialog: And we have a number for a helpline on our website. (Perking up) But now though, I’m joined by Jack Quant. Raised by a single mother in Baltimore, he won a scholarship to Harvard at 17, created the website that made him a billionaire and he’s here today to tell us all about his number one bestseller, QWANTUM LEAP. It’s absolutely wonderful to have you on the sofa. Miranda is in full flirt mode.
60) 1) dialog: Now we're going to be talking about your new book of course, but first let’s talk about romance. We found this picture of you from your college days. Up pops a Maths faculty photo showing seven of the geekie looking boys imaginable - all glasses, braces and awkwardness.
60) 4) dialog: You’ve changed a lot since then and Qwantify has brought true love to millions...Has it worked for you?
62) 1) dialog: So, for someone so good at matchmaking is there someone special in your life?
63) 6) dialog: Don’t be evasive, it’s Don't be evasive, it’s apparent you have everything, apparent you have everythin but why have you chosen to but why have you chosen to have no family, no children? have no family, no children?
64) 2) dialog: So, can you have children? So can you have children? Are Are the soldiers working? the soldiers working? Jack looks shocked and the crew look confused.
65) 1) dialog: Really, because for somebody Really, because for somebody with a supposed algorithm for with a supposed algorithm f love, isn’t it odd that love, isn’t it odd that you’ve never found it? you've never found it?
67) 1) dialog: How much do you know about How much do you know about the Quant family bloodline? the Quant family bloodline? Any skeletons in the closet? Any skeletons in the closet? Sexual deviants...Criminal Sexual deviants...Criminal records...Serial killers...? records...Serial killers...? Alice now looks confused, as does everybody in the galler this random non-sequitur.
79) 8) text: ON SCREENS BEHIND BRIDGET: We see Miranda, live on air at Hard News Studios, surrounded by an abundance of screens faces, including Bridget’s, chanting “Good Evening Mirand
79) 9) dialog: “Good Evening everyone live at the London Media Show. Miranda continues to introduce the show on air, while Bri turns back to the conference centre audience.
79) 13) dialog: (laughing, covering) OK...Let’s go to the Grampians where Adam Wollaston is leading a group of Venture Rangers to the top of Ben Nevis. CUT TO - A group of Venture Rangers all showing their bar arses to camera.
110) 0) text: Miranda is interviewing the guest.
110) 1) dialog: I’‘1l ask you again, General Lu Tong will you take responsibility for the human rights abuses perpetrated by your government?
120) 0) text: Miranda is finishing up presenting the programme.
120) 1) dialog: And that’s all for this late night special edition of Hard News... She looks up at the control room and Richard Finch is fis pumping the air. He shouts into his headset.
120) 2) dialog: Except to say, Bridget Jones is in labour. Alice Peabody lets out a small, but discernible, smile.
123) 0) text: Bridget Jones, finally a bride, enters at the back of the church on dad’s arm, smiling, nervous. She walks down the aisle passing Miranda, Richard, the friends, Una, Mum, Dad and other friends and relatives. Bridget arrives at the altar. Jack steps forward.