5) 11) dialog: Hello darling, it’s Mummy. Just wanted to wish you a happy birthday. Bridget fishes around for the TV remote control and flick breakfast TV - a clock on the corner of the TV screen.
5) 13) dialog: I’m doing The Facetime, Una taught me, it’s really marvellous. CLOSE-UP - Bridget’s phone - there is an extreme close-up MUM’S EAR.
5) 15) dialog: This time forty three years ago I was having a lamb Biryani in an attempt to coax you out. Twenty-three hours of labour. I was never the same again down there, but I’ve hardly ever regretted it. Bridget half listening. An Ad for an internet dating site called Qwantify just audible: happy cartoon couples meet kiss, voiced by real couples who’ve found love on the net
5) 16) dialog: It's a miracle, the gift of childbirth. Penny Husbands- Bosworth’s son sells his sperm on the internet. You don’t even need a man, Bridget. 10 INT. MUM’S BEDROOM. SAME TIME. 10 We see there are flyers with Mum’s face on them lying on bedroom table.
5) 17) dialog: And some people have marvellous lives without them. I mean, look at you! You’ve got a nice flat, a great career, a nice flat...
5) 19) dialog: (holding up phone to Dad) Say Happy Birthday to Bridget. Dad hurriedly covers his naked torso.
5) 21) dialog: I love you darling. Don’t forget I’m counting on you to head up my media campaign.
41) 0) text: The dance floor is crowded with Mums, Dads and children miming the actions to YMCA. Bridget and Darcy leave the party, their eyes locked on each other.
82) 0) text: 117 118 Bridget tentatively inches her way into the back of the h where Mum’s campaign launch is in full swing. All of Grafton Underwood is present and the room is bedec with campaign slogans. There is a photographer in the background. Mum sees Bridget and rushes over to greet her
82) 1) dialog: I say we bring back National Service. SHOOTING SCRIPT. 83
82) 3) dialog: Don’t be sarcastic Colin. Add it to the minutes. Dad rushes off to talk to speak to an official. Mum sees Bridget at the back and rushes over to greet her.
82) 4) dialog: ... Honestly, we started half an hour ago where have you...
82) 6) dialog: The Argus wants a family portrait. What are you wearing? Then she notices Bridget’s bump and stops dead.
82) 7) dialog: Oh my god, Bridget, are you... Bridget nods, half nervous, half excited. Mum’s face ligh up.
82) 8) dialog: Why didn’t you say anything?
82) 10) dialog: Why would I be?...(the penny drops) Oh no Bridget. Who’s the father? Is it Mark's Bridget, do say it is?
82) 12) dialog: A fifty percent chance?
82) 14) dialog: Oh no Bridget...An American? Did you have a three way? Mum’s face drops. She sees the photographer heading over her face fills with fear. She sees the coat rack, grabs a coats and thrusts them at Bridget.
82) 16) dialog: Oh no. Here, carry these, act as if everything’s fine.
82) 19) dialog: Here, this is a lovely place for you to stand. She places Bridget behind a counter where her bump is hid Mum frantically starts to arrange sandwiches and cakes in front of the bump to obscure it.
82) 21) dialog: Look, darling it’s just the circumstances, I’m running for high office and I’m presenting myself as a paragon of family values, see? She points to a poster that reads ‘PAMELA JONES, IF YOU L
86) 0) text: Jack with a row of dads watching the new mums-to-be inclu Bridget in the water, mid aqua-ante-natal class. Jack is referring to a pregnancy book. Suddenly Mark joins them, and hassled, still in his court clothes.
105) 5) dialog: Nonsense. Look Una had all the leaflets and posters re-printed, you've inspired me. The slogans on the wall now read... ‘TOLERANCE is not a four letter word, but PREJUDICE is a letter word.’ ‘Pamela Jones - Supports Single Mothers, minorities, the majority of homosexuals, Italians.’
105) 7) dialog: You were right darling as it turns out, this place is teeming with single mothers, single fathers, bisexuals, surrogates and they are all lovely and so normal. Bridget smiles.
105) 8) dialog: Family values aren't just about two married parents anymore, Bridget. I’ve even got two homosexuals on the team. Jeffrey and Graham wave.
105) 10) dialog: Who knew?
105) 12) dialog: I am very proud of you darling, you know that? What you’re doing is not easy, but if anyone can make it work it’s you. That child is the luckiest boy on earth to have you as his Mum. He’ll have all the support, protection and love of a million fathers as long as you are by his side. Bridget melts. Just what she needed. Dad looks across and smiles warmly at her.
105) 13) dialog: Now come on, we’ve got some campaigning to do. Mum grabs Bridget and starts escorting her through the cr
105) 14) dialog: Make way! Make Way! Pregnant single mother coming through.
119) 0) text: It’s the night of the election, and the recount has gone late into the night. Mum is on stage, next to all the oth candidates, awaiting the results. Una stands next to her.
119) 5) dialog: What?
119) 8) dialog: Not now, Colin.
119) 12) dialog: I’m so sorry, you will have to excuse me. We’re about to become a grandmother! There are cheers from her supporters and she scurries off stage, pushing Una forward as she goes.
119) 13) dialog: I‘1l leave you in the capable hands of my deputy, Una. Mum and Dad rush out of the hall, leaving the official an other candidates totally confused.
122) 12) dialog: Bridget Jones! My daughter! She's my daughter! Where is she? The thundering of blue heels as Mum approaches. She is ushered in. Everyone else draws back.
122) 13) dialog: So sorry we didn’t get here on time, there is some march for women’s rights. Honestly, do we really need any more rights? Mum, tearful and overjoyed all at once, kisses Bridget wherever she can get at her.
122) 15) dialog: Grandson! My grandson! Say hello to new Parish Councillor Jones. Bridget beams at them both.
122) 17) dialog: Oh - the darling! He looks so like - oh. Not that it matters, but do we know who Daddy is yet? Everyone turns to look at the men - Mark with a blood- boltered bandage on his forearm and Jack, not looking ric all with a wodge of loo-paper up his nostril. Dr. Rawling bends a finger at the two of them.
123) 0) text: Bridget Jones, finally a bride, enters at the back of the church on dad’s arm, smiling, nervous. She walks down the aisle passing Miranda, Richard, the friends, Una, Mum, Dad and other friends and relatives. Bridget arrives at the altar. Jack steps forward.