2) 0) text: SHAZZER, early forties, and her folk singer husband FERGU scurry down the aisle. The church is packed with people we might recognise. A fe literary and TV celebrities amongst them. Shazzer spots J now a pillar of married respectability, her husband GILES their tiny baby. They take the seats beside them.
3) 0) text: BRIDGET JONES enters the church. She’s older than when we last saw her, forty three to be exact, slim and elegantly dressed. She takes a deep breath and collects herself. Bridget spots Jude and Shazzer and heads towards them. Shazzer greets her with a big hug.
3) 1) dialog: How are you feeling, you OK?
3) 5) dialog: Yep, in the Australian outback. And strangely fitting that he died going down in the bush.
3) 8) dialog: (aside to Bridget) A selfish but gifted lover? Bridget gives a little smile, but then stops in her track
3) 11) dialog: Is that his wife? Bridget nods.
27) 33) dialog: So it lasted six hours?
27) 36) dialog: Erm, a puppet show Auntie Bridge went to...
28) 1) dialog: Six hour puppet shows. And were they little puppets or...
28) 4) dialog: And did he...(struggling) put the puppets in your mouth? The children look very confused. Bridget nods.
28) 5) dialog: God I feel like my days of puppet shows are behind me. I’ve never even had 2 puppets at a time, had a mile high puppet show... And has he called? It’s been a week.
30) 0) text: The car in stationary traffic. Shazzer’s children’s mouth are agape at hearing the swear word.
32) 2) dialog: Speak for yourself.
33) 0) text: The service is already underway. Bridget, Shazzer and the kids come in at the back of the church.
37) 0) text: Mark spots Bridget who is heroically trying to stop Magda Jeremy’s three ill-behaved boys and Shazzer’s twins from killing each other in order to get a turn on the iPad.
39) 15) dialog: Don’t say fucking ‘erection’ at a christening.
48) 18) dialog: So you’re what?
48) 20) dialog: Before you become too oppressed, let's rule out some other options. You’re not pregnant, are you?
48) 22) dialog: Oh god, you didn’t use those weird Vegan thingies?
48) 24) dialog: Christ Bridget, I remember when you bought those things, that was decades ago. She looks at them closely - the sell by date says USE BY September 2010.
54) 0) text: Shazzer and Tom are happily drinking al fresco as Bridget nurses an orange juice. Bridget furtively sniffs Shazzer’ wine as Tom shows them pictures of his Colombian baby on phone. In the background an outdoor experimental puppet s is taking place. Shazzer’s children are watching the show
54) 3) dialog: Speaking of which have you told your ‘fathers’ yet?
98) 0) text: Shazzer sits with Bridget on a bench. In the background J is holding Shazzer’s children’s attention with his animat retelling of a fairy-tale.
98) 1) dialog: How do you orchestrate such cliff- hangers in your life?
98) 3) dialog: I can’t believe Mark ducked out again.
98) 5) dialog: (looking at Jack) I suppose we better just hope it’s Jack's, right?... let’s face it, things could be worse, he is pretty fucking amazing. Jack holds out an apple, overacting as a Wicked Queen. Th children and Tom are enthralled. Shazzer’s nose slightly turns up.
98) 7) dialog: How much do you need to know? He’s gorgeous, he’s richer than god and has a very nice sized puppet.
98) 9) dialog: Exactly... And he’s certainly enthusiastic.
98) 10) text: Shazzer says this like it’s a negative. Jack is now juggling the apples, the children are rapt.
98) 12) dialog: I mean, it’s difficult, but you just have to ask ‘can I see myself growing old with him’? Sending the kids off to school, teaching them how to swim, how to drive their first yacht? Bridget laughs.
98) 14) dialog: For that? Divorce. But you have to have faith. Nobody knows what life has in store. You know, look at me and Fergus. When we met he had a record deal and exciting plans, I had the great career in journalism. Now me and the kids are off next week accompanying him on a tour of pub back rooms in the Shetland Islands, living in a fucking camper van. I’m just saying when it comes down to it, when you are stuck holding the baby and it’s pissing with rain, is that the man you want to be in a camper van with?
98) 17) dialog: I’m sorry I’m not going to be here, Bridge.
122) 7) dialog: Bridge - I can’t believe I wasn’t here - there’s some unbelievably annoying march...