11) 0) text: Bridget’s mobile rings. It reads TOM. Bridget picks up. BRIDGET. (hurriedly, whispering) Hey Tom. Can’t really...
11) 1) dialog: How was the service? Bridget checks Miranda. She seems to be doing fine. BRIDGET. (to Tom) Well, It’s just sad. I can’t believe he’s gone actually. Miranda hears Bridget in her earpiece.
12) 0) text: Bridget signs off to Tom and puts down the phone. Thinking everything is going well, she now starts paying attention to the interview.
15) 0) text: Bridget enters a strobe-lit gym, almost tripping over. A large sign reads STROBE CYCLE. Loud, gay club anthems ban out. TOM O.S. Okay ladies, click in. TOM, at the front of the class, on a spinning cycle. He's manning the record decks while simultaneously cycling and speaking into a head-mic.
15) 1) dialog: Whatever fears, whatever insecurities you’re bringing in with you today, I want you to take those fears and tell them to FUCK
15) 3) dialog: THIS moment is about YOU, your body, your dreams, your POTENTIAL. The music’s pumping up to a crescendo.
15) 4) dialog: Are you ready for this? Are you ready for this? The women yell orgasmically. The music swells.
15) 5) dialog: Now. Ride, sexy bitches, ride! And the women rise from their saddles and pedal like fuck Tom sprays water at them. Bridget looks like she might ha seizure.
16) 0) text: Tom waving off the last Strobe Cyclist. Bridget, exhauste barely able to breathe.
16) 2) dialog: About that. I’m so sorry Bridget. I’m going to have to blow you out too. Bridget masks her disappointment.
16) 4) dialog: The thing is... I didn’t want to have to tell you this today. Eduardo and I are adopting. BRIDGET. Adopting what... a baby?
16) 5) dialog: No, a new stance on illegal immigration! Yes, a baby, or a gayby, in fact.
16) 7) dialog: I didn’t want to say anything because we always do our “we're pointless-empty-husks-— sticking- together” thing. And I love that. But truth is...if I’m being honest, I feel it’s important for me, in myself, to start caring for someone other than me. And well, it looks like we’ve been successful.
16) 9) dialog: We're going to Bogota to start the official paperwork and I’ve got to pack.
54) 0) text: Shazzer and Tom are happily drinking al fresco as Bridget nurses an orange juice. Bridget furtively sniffs Shazzer’ wine as Tom shows them pictures of his Colombian baby on phone. In the background an outdoor experimental puppet s is taking place. Shazzer’s children are watching the show
54) 1) dialog: Eduardo’s still out there, he’s so excited about being a Dad. Bridget and Shazzer ‘ooh and aah’ at photo.
54) 5) dialog: Or at least one of them. Get their DNA and you can eliminate one of them from your enquiries.
54) 7) dialog: I can’t believe you slept with a gorgeous billionaire. If you need his DNA, I’m totally prepared to extract it for you.
78) 0) text: Bridget enters the office and walks towards her desk. ANGLE ON: 2 bunches of flowers. One card reads, “Thinking of you, best of luck with the presentation. Mark x”. The other, next to a much bigger bunch, reads, “To My Incredible Bridget, thinking of you both, good luck tomor knock ‘em dead, Jack, xxxxxxxxxXXXXXXXXXXX”
88) 0) text: Bridget is working intently at her desk. She gets a pain reaches for her stomach. She looks around for help, all t hipsters are busy working away at their stations wearing oversized headphones, oblivious to her.
115) 0) text: Mark is helping Camilla at the check-in desk. He turns around, just in time to see: Tom and Eduardo, emerging into arrivals carrying their li boy. Tom strokes his head. Eduardo fusses with the buggy. Mark watches this scene. He smiles. He thinks. Unbeknowns Camilla's observing him.
122) 10) dialog: Can I be Godfather?