8) 0) text: The SWAT CAPTAIN, the big boss, sits at his desk, trunk s arms crossed. Sergeant Howard stands by his side like an attack dog. Street is stoic, but hopeful.
8) 1) dialog: Gentlemen, I respect your abilities, you guys ere high performers. But your judgment is low grade at best. Swat can't use people who don't do what they're told. Cut your patches eff. You two are being reassigned to regular patrol. Street looks at the SWAT patch on his shoulder like he'd rather part with his leg.
8) 2) dialog: Be grateful you're not being fired. Sergeant Howard hands them both letters to sign. Poker sh his head in dismay. Street's hopes are dashed. (CONTINUED)
8) 7) dialog: You two were insubordinate. That is the issue on the table. (a beat) Sometimes doing the right thing isn't doing the right thing.
8) 10) dialog: People died.
8) 12) dialog: Officer Martin, Officer Street. You don't run Swat. I do. It's that simple. Poker gets a faraway look in his eye. He turns to Street.
41) 0) text: Quite @ collection of LAPD sedans and Swat vehicles. A do senior LAPD OFFICERS and Swat members review paperwork fo the team's exam. In B.G. is Street's old nemesis, the SWAT CAPTAIN, wearin red baseball cap. Hondo returns from talking to him as Street and the cther prepare gear and weapons, solemn serious. Boxer checks everyone's radio and tapes RADIO CODES to th wrists. Hondo looks strained, Street senses something is up.
76) 0) text: Crisis time. Department BRASS, SENIOR SWAT OFFICERS, PEOP from other agencies and city departments. The Swat Captai and Deputy Chief among the grim faces. An OFFICER escorts Hondo and Street to the Swat Captain.
76) 2) dialog: The owner of this circus wants a word with you two. The Swat Captain introduces Hendo and Street to AGENT HAU a politico with perfect teeth.
76) 3) dialog: Agent Hauser, this is Honde, the man of the hour. And Jim Street. . He shakes with Hondo.
76) 6) dialog: This guy is LAPD's prisoner. The Chief wants you and your people to escort him to Marine Base Twenty Nine Palms. Away from civilians.
89) 6) dialog: You got the line on the threat?
89) 15) text: The Swat Captain's boss,.a big scary LAPD COMMANDER, cros with his Stressed AIDE.
89) 17) dialog: Yes, sir. The LAPD Commander and Aide cross to a group of OLDER FED The Swat Captain looks at his watch, then at Hondo and St
89) 18) dialog: I want De Leon out of my hair. Street can't help looking at the Swat Captain's shiny bal - head.
89) 19) dialog: We're losing our daylight. Let's hear some ideas.
97) 6) text: The Swat Captain peers down the hole.
97) 7) dialog: We arrested him alive. You get him there alive.
122) 0) text: The Swat Captain and Agent Hauser are increasingly distur by the alarming reports on their radios.
122) 1) dialog: Hondo, turn that helicopter around right now.
122) 3) dialog: What's your position?
122) 6) dialog: There's a county helicopter scrambling right now. He's seven minutes away. Street heard that, turns to Honde.
122) 14) dialog: Hondo, come back and we'll figure this out. ,