6) 81) dialog: Nine-thirty. Brodie thinks, stand. He clicks the
6) 84) dialog: ii are you doing?
6) 86) text: Rene stares at
6) 93) dialog: {sitcing on bed and tying shoes) I didn't let your mother see me; don's worry.
6) 95) dialog: Are you kidding me? <'ve never met another person who lives in as much fear of his mother as you do.
6) 99) dialog: Sa that's why I have to sneak in here after everyone's asleep at night, and sneak out of here undetected in the morning.
6) 104) text: Rene The coi clothes on the
6) 113) dialog: You're retarded. Everyone's mother likes me. of the ay RAME again, presumably to the bathroom.
6) 116) dialog: Figure it our. et flushes. floor. No, I mean like before. Like every - Morning before you leave here. I never Rene comes back in and sifts
6) 119) dialog: {stopping and looking up) Femaie bathroom noises?
6) 122) dialog: (resumes sifting) You're retarded.
6) 124) dialog: You really want to know?
6) 128) dialog: I ery.
6) 130) dialog: {digging througi urse) I think about peo decisions that 4 our doctors that make advanc ing diseases i skyscrape out 4 plane's fi
6) 139) dialog: (pulling out an envelope) I think about how those people are out there every day, making a difference... Leading big lives.. Making their mark. And how they refuse to be intimidated by the tremendous odds of failure they face. And how they only concern themseives with peers and company chat apply to their goals and noble causes. cpéns the window across from the bed.
6) 141) dialog: I think about all that and I cry... (tossing envelope on his chest) ~because I have nothing better to do than fuck you. 290ks up, shocked, Rene climbs out the window. Brodie spen-mouthed. He opens the envelope and reads it.
26) 0) text: The Dude straightens Rene's jacket. She half-smiles at hi then turns away, gazing off in another direction. He pres the elevator button again, just as T.S,. steps up -~ his Rene. T.S. is face-to-face with the Dude. The Dude looks him. T.S. (pregnant pause) You work in Fashionable Male, don't you?
26) 26) dialog: 
26) 38) dialog: Brodie, start che elevator.
26) 40) dialog: Since I finally mustered the good sense to send you packing. He's a much more suitable companion than you any day.
26) 42) dialog: I'm in need of testosterone, after a year of baby-sitting you and your comic book collection; I forgot what real men were like,
26) 44) dialog: Shannon has already taken me to lunch at the Cheese Haus, picked up tickets to the opera for tonight, and brought me shopping to stores I want to shop in.
26) 46) dialog: You took me while you went shopping, you jerk. Do you think I care what rat- hole store in that shit-pit you call the Dirt Mall has the latest Godzilla bootleg? Do you call having pizza in the same dive pizzeria every night ‘eating out'? Do I give a shit what two major comic labels are crossing- over characters, selling two editions of the book with varied-ink chromium covers? I'ma girl, dammit! {more}
26) 56) dialog: He was up and at work syn this morning. Unlike =v who sleeps ‘til one becau all night playing Seca videos. enormous
27) 0) text: Brodie and Rene are doing just that.
28) 0) text: Rene fixes herself. Brodie sits on the floor, exhausted. restarts the elevator. ~
28) 2) dialog: No, Brodie. That was too little, too late.
29) 57) text: s (also. eliping: You're barely breathing Jas Rene involved?
38) 6) text: Svenning, sitting with the Network Execs, takes one look stage and his face drops. He rolls his eyes and vomits in bag. The Network Execs move their chaizs a bic further aw irom him. Rene, sitting with Shannon in the crowd, goes bug-eyed wh sees Brodie. Shannon snarls. whe Host joins the contestants.
40) 17) text: annon glares pack m beside Rene.
47) 0) text: The monitor comes to life with the opening to The Rocky a Bullwinkle Show. The Cops stop and stare. So does Shannon. And T.s. and Brandi. And Rene. and Jay. And especially Brodie. But then: the cartoon is gone, and there -- in diamond vi for ail the mall to see -- is Shannon doing something lew illegal with the waif Tricia. Everyone is transfixed.
48) 14) dialog: I cail that illegal.
48) 17) dialog: So what?
48) 19) dialog: Yes?