26) 61) text: Shannon (originail A smail crowd surrounds
26) 63) dialog: {to T.S.i You sure you saw her set on? T.S. Maybe she was getting off.
27) 2) dialog: {looking at T.S.) You know -- you look familiar. T.S. Can't be. i'm never at the mall much.
27) 3) dialog: No.. it's not from the mall... (snapping his fingers) You're the guy on the news that kidnaped the President's daughter and threw her off a roof! The crowd steps back slowly. 1T.S. shakes his head and lo eyes with a woman in the crowd. T.S. I got a musket tangled in my girlfriend's nair, for Christ's sake!
28) 15) text: pty swertat Shannon
28) 16) text: then Brodie. The doors close, , with Shannon j with am.
28) 24) dialog: (shooting her ner incredulous ¢l
29) 10) dialog: What was that?!
29) 19) dialog: (punching him age: Rene told me to leave she's fucking clueless {more)
29) 20) text: oF a SHANNON (Cont'd) The newly single always feel 4 bit protective of the ex-boyfriend.
29) 22) dialog: {punching him yet again) You_ see, Bruce ~- I like to pick up girls on the rebound from a disappointing relationship. They're much more in need of solace, and they're fairly open to suggestion, And Iouse that to fuck them somepiace very unpleasant.
29) 24) dialog: No, like somewhere girls dread. Suddeniy realizing what he's talking about, Brodie goes w eyed. He valiantly tries to take a swing at Shannon. He misses, and Shannon slams him hard.
29) 25) dialog: Is it because it's a challenge? Is it because it's taboo? Is it because I like to have them differently than they've ever been had before? I don't know.
29) 27) dialog: The only one going to be needing a doctor here is yourself, my friend. Now my suggestion to you is to forget you ever dated Rene. Until I get what it is I'm looking for in this latesc dalliance, I better not see you within ten city blocks of her -- or I will really do some damage, smart-ass. (lifting Brodie's chin) Are we clear? a w
38) 6) text: Svenning, sitting with the Network Execs, takes one look stage and his face drops. He rolls his eyes and vomits in bag. The Network Execs move their chaizs a bic further aw irom him. Rene, sitting with Shannon in the crowd, goes bug-eyed wh sees Brodie. Shannon snarls. whe Host joins the contestants.
42) 0) text: rodie starts to back up a bit. Shannon reaches the stage umps up. The Cops approach from both sides. Let uw roGie swallows hard.
44) 0) text: The Cops and Shannon are aimost on top of them, cufis dra Shannon pulls his arm back, ready to land a crusning blow
47) 0) text: The monitor comes to life with the opening to The Rocky a Bullwinkle Show. The Cops stop and stare. So does Shannon. And T.s. and Brandi. And Rene. and Jay. And especially Brodie. But then: the cartoon is gone, and there -- in diamond vi for ail the mall to see -- is Shannon doing something lew illegal with the waif Tricia. Everyone is transfixed.