41) 4) text: In the tank, ABE SAPIEN, a FISH-MAN glides in and out vie
41) 6) text: Myers looks at four BOOK STANDS facing the glass. Each  supports an open volume. He leans close to the glass, pee intently. Abe reappears. He is slender, dolphin gray, with dark pat streaking his soft skin. Bright blue eyes shine with  intelligence. Behind a thin wound-like mouth, gills are  bubbling.
41) 8) text: Abe nods. Through a side door, Broom enters.
41) 12) text: BAM! Abe presses his webbed hand against the glass, close his eyes -- all three lids. Abe's voice surges from the speaker.
41) 13) dialog: Agent John T. Myers, Kansas City,  76. "T" stands for Thaddeus, mother's  older brother. Scar on your chin  happened when you were ten, you still  wonder if it's ever going to fade  away.
41) 23) text: Abe smiles and takes a subaquatic bow, gracefully nabbing the eggs as they float through the hatch.
47) 0) text: The MOUNTED POLICEMAN is visible as he rides by. The mirr are see-through. The back of the truck is a fully-equippe crime lab, crammed with hi-tech gear and low-tech talisma ABE fits a respirator over his face. It looks like a  mechanized Elizabethan collar. Valves bubble and hiss as inhales liquid through his mouth and out his gills.  Hellboy looks out onto the CROWD.
47) 2) dialog: Story of my life.
47) 4) dialog: You mean, outside... with her.
47) 7) dialog: Nothing psychic about it. You're  easy.
47) 10) dialog: Liz left us, Red. Take the hint.
48) 4) text: The truck stops, Clay pulls a lever. Myers watches as the dumpster loader hinges down like a drawbridge, revealing  HELLBOY and ABE.
48) 6) text: Abe, Clay and Hellboy activate lights on their belts. The BEEP and blink. Hellboy starts walking.
49) 0) text: As BPRD agents clear the area, Clay, Myers, Abe and Hellb march through the main lobby. On view, various display ca Two BANNERS flank the marble staircase.
50) 0) text: They approach an oversize set of brass doors. Abe removes a leather glove from his hand. FWAP!! he spre his webbed fingers on the door. He closes his three eyeli and concentrates. Two agents arrive with a rolling munitions case. Myers  observes as Hellboy opens it and looks over a potpourri o bullets of all colors and shapes.
50) 8) dialog: (pulling his hand  away) Behind this door. A dark entity --  Evil, ancient and hungry.
50) 9) text: Abe quickly starts scanning a few leather-bound volumes o ancient magic.
51) 4) dialog: (in earphone) Red, I found something --
52) 0) text: Abe has found a small, medieval engraving of Sammael in o of the books.
52) 1) dialog: There's not much here: the entity's  name is Sammael, the desolate one,  son of Nergal --
55) 1) dialog: No, listen this: Sammael, the desolate  one, lord of the shadows, son of  Nergal --
57) 0) text: The doors bulge and crack under Hellboy's impact. Abe and Broom backpedal fast. Myers pulls out his gun, an starts looking for another way in. Broom observes this,  pleased.
79) 9) text: ABE SAPIEN listens while pacing the exhibition hall, palm open.
79) 12) text: Manning watches as Abe finds a sharp dagger embedded in t floor.
79) 14) text: Abe silences him.
79) 15) dialog: I need to touch it to "see"...
79) 17) dialog: The past, the future, whatever this  object holds.
79) 19) dialog: Don't worry about fingerprints. I  never had any.
79) 20) text: Abe holds the dagger in his hand, turns to Broom.
79) 21) dialog: They were over here, Professor.
79) 25) text: He solemnly extends his hand. As soon as Abe takes it, th room...
80) 0) text: Hours earlier: the place is intact. Both ABE and BROOM wi spectrally as -- A GUARD CHECKS AN ALARM MONITORING UNIT. HEARING A tickin sound, he shines his light into a dark corner: no one's t But after the guard moves on, a spidery form emerges from the pool of shadows on the floor. It's KROENEN, encased in shiny BLACK LATEX from head to t On his chest, a close-fitting harness comprised of softly ticking gears. He approaches a glass case which holds an ancient WOODEN  STATUE of an Eastern Orthodox SAINT. Then, on the glass, a reflection: ILSA.
81) 0) text: Abe snaps out of it. Broom is pale. He steps away, wincin enduring a bolt of pain in his side. Abe holds him. Motio for the others to stay back. He extends his open palm and "feels" the air near the old man's back.
81) 1) dialog: Professor..? You -- are very sick --
81) 3) text: Broom turns around, gently pushes Abe's hand away.
87) 0) text: In the depths of the B.P.R.D infirmary, Hellboy lies flat a stainless steel table. Broom sits alongside him. Abe peers through a magnifier at Hellboy's wounded arm.
87) 1) dialog: You were burned by some organic acid.
87) 3) text: Using a scalpel, Abe probes the gash. Hellboy lets out a  GRUNT.
87) 12) dialog: Red. How long was it latched onto  you?
87) 16) dialog: Professor...
87) 17) text: Broom moves to Abe's side of the table. Abe is poking at depths of the wound.
87) 20) text: Broom comes closer, eyes wide: inside the wound on Hellbo forearm, nestled like ticks, are 3 translucent EGGS. Hellboy jumps as Abe plucks the first one out. Abe deposi it in a glass container.
87) 21) dialog: Touched you five seconds. Laid three  eggs.
88) 1) dialog: The eggs are very sensitive to heat  and light. They need a humid, dark  environment to breed.
88) 2) text: Abe picks up an egg with a pair of tweezers, passes it on Hellboy, who sports a bandage on his arm.
88) 10) text: At the last book stand, Broom glances at Abe, who is sitt in the shadows near the door.
88) 17) dialog: Yes, you are.
89) 0) text: Dozens of HELLBOY clippings flash by: tabloid headlines a with intimate images of Hellboy as a KID. H.B. at 7, at 1 dressed as a human for Halloween, Broom by his side. Myers works at a computer workstation. He brings up a small photograph in an old issue of The  Enquirer. The headline: "ARSON SUSPECT NOW WORKING FOR SE GOVERNMENT AGENCY" There's a photo of a woman, taken with telephoto lens. Another clipping: young LIZ, 11, and a photo of a tenemen building burned to the ground: TRAGIC EXPLOSION. A QUICKTIME interview pops up. LIZ, in her early twenties caption reads: ELIZABETH SHERMAN, first interview, BPRD,  PYROKINETIC. She has a POLAROID camera in her hands. Shoo one at the lens.
105) 0) text: An explosion of sound and light as a subway train passes  through a dank tunnel. Then, light beams sweep the encrus walls and steel columns. Clay and some B.P.R.D. agents hold flashlights. Two of th MOSS and QUARRY -- carry FLAMETHROWERS. Hellboy and Abe bring up the rear.
106) 2) text: Abe removes his gloves, hyperextends his palm and senses air. Then the surface of the water.
106) 3) dialog: There's a pulse. And it's coming  from --
106) 4) text: Debris and dust seem to float from the water's surface an towards Abe's hand.
106) 5) dialog: there --
106) 7) dialog: cistern on the other side. Most of  the eggs are there --
108) 0) text: A large oval room of rusting metal, with pipes spilling w through a large GRATE on the floor. Abe studies it, senses something, and nods. With superhum effort, Hellboy lifts it. Hundreds of roaches pour out.
108) 1) dialog: I'm glad I'm not human. This place  would be an embarrassment.
108) 2) text: Below, a vast cistern. Abe drops in two CHEMICAL FLARES.
109) 0) text: Abe pulls off his breathing apparatus. Activates the loca on his utility belt. Hellboy does likewise. BEEEP! The de synchronize. Hellboy extends a metal reliquary containing a small bone
109) 2) text: Abe ties the reliquary around his hand.
109) 3) dialog: Remind me why I keep doing this.
109) 5) dialog: Oh, right --
109) 6) text: As transparent nictomembrane lids cover his eyes, Abe div
109) 7) text: Underwater, ABE finds an entire control room. 1940's maga float by, like paper jellyfish. The amber light of the  chemical flares gives the room an eerie other-worldly fee
111) 2) text: Abe nears the bottom of the cistern. As his feet touch bo a cloud of silt fogs the water. He picks out a translucen egg! Suddenly, something big glides by. Abe turns: sees nothin He places the egg in a glass canister. Now eggs are float everywhere, undulating in the water like amber fireflies. Abe swims slowly, collecting them one by one. Some of them are snugly wedged between two rusty machines Abe's reliquary gets caught in a lever and snaps loose!! lands -- on a grate on the floor. Abe swims down and tries to grab it, but it falls through. Abe curses and stands up -- -- only to find himself FACE TO FACE with Sammael!! The monster rakes Abe across the chest; dark blue blood b to flow. Abe shoves himself into a long, concrete fissure Sammael can't fit through, but the tongue darts out, miss Abe by inches. Sammael scratches at the walls, trying to  reach deeper, screaming in rage. Abe screams too, emitting a trail of bubbles.
118) 4) text: Badly wounded, Abe peers from his hiding spot. Sammael's there. He quickly swims to the surface, his weird blue blood tra behind him. The water boils with energy and BLACK LIGHT. 
119) 0) text: Abe staggers out of the pool and hides behind a crumbling shower stall. Behind him, two SHAPES come to the surface. Shaking, Abe pushes his belt locator and collapses.
122) 0) text: Hellboy enters to find Abe, bleeding but alive, leaning  against the tile, blue blood all around him. Hellboy trie his walkie-talkie. Turns on his locator. It sparks. It's  damaged and broken.
127) 0) text: Unconscious, Abe floats in a special tank. LED strips rea water temperature, pH level, etc. He's encased in a bio-c a cybernetic healing unit wrapped around his thorax and r arm. A web of tubes and hoses keeps him in place. SHIRTLESS and bandaged, Hellboy sits and studies him, as in a trance.
151) 0) text: Abe, conscious now, but still in the cast, floats upside  down, solving a RUBIK'S CUBE. Liz stands by the tank.
151) 3) dialog: Listen -- I'm not much of a problem  solver... (displays the cube) Three decades and I've only gotten  two sides. (beat) But I know this much: if there's  trouble -- all we have is each other.  And I'm stuck here. (beat) So -- Take care of the big monkey  for me, will you?
161) 0) text: Fastened to it, the crate labelled: LIVE CARGO. Small  breathing holes have been drilled in the sides.