24) 2) text: Inside the blanket, Hellboy blinks his bright golden eyes and chews candy, his devilish red tail twitching happily.
24) 4) dialog: Montage: Tabloid covers and news clippings screaming HELL SIGHTING IN RENO!! GOVERNMENT DENIAL!!! etc. TV Newscasters read lurid copy. SPRINGER excerpts (fist f included) feature the show's theme: I WAS HELLBOY'S BRIDE Some blurry, grainy footage depicts Hellboy crossing an a Much like Bigfoot in the woods.
34) 0) text: Leaves stir on the pavement. All the stores are decorated for Halloween. Two kids dressed as SKELETONS run in front Broom, carrying a JACK-O-LANTERN. Leaning on a cane, Broom exits the building and walks tow a waiting black Mercedes. The DRIVER (Agent Lime) opens t door. Broom pauses to buy a dozen BABY RUTH candy bars from a s vendor. In an ELECTRONICS STORE, a wall of TV's. The image of a R BLURRY SHAPE (HELLBOY) fills the screens.
43) 3) text: Clay points at a torn comic book: HELLBOY, THE UNCANNY. M picks it up, looks at the cover: it shows Hellboy -- in a U.S. Uniform, fighting a monstrous ape. Myers watches, amazed, as a bright red TAIL waves in and of a pool of light about ten feet away. One of the cats  playfully paws at it.
43) 5) dialog: Those comics -- They never got the  eyes right.
43) 10) dialog: What's with the hair, Clay?? Finally  got those implants??
43) 14) dialog: Who's the squirt?
43) 16) dialog: Got tired of me?
43) 18) text: BANG!!! Hellboy lets the dumbbell drop. Instinctively, My jumps.
43) 19) dialog: I don't want him.
43) 23) dialog: (realizing) Father's back? (Clay nods) Still angry?
43) 25) dialog: I wanted to see her. (grunts) It's nobody's business.
43) 27) dialog: "Myers", huh? You have a first name??
43) 32) text: Hellboy finally enters the light. He's awe-inspiring, wit chiseled features, patterned red skin and deep-set golden eyes. Involuntarily, Myers recoils. In spite of himself, Myers is staring at the horn stumps.
43) 33) dialog: Whatcha looking at, John??
43) 36) dialog: (to Clay) Hey, hey, hey. They're playing our  song.
43) 38) dialog: (to Myers) C'mon, Champ! Happy Halloween!!!  You're taking me for a walk!
47) 0) text: The MOUNTED POLICEMAN is visible as he rides by. The mirr are see-through. The back of the truck is a fully-equippe crime lab, crammed with hi-tech gear and low-tech talisma ABE fits a respirator over his face. It looks like a  mechanized Elizabethan collar. Valves bubble and hiss as inhales liquid through his mouth and out his gills.  Hellboy looks out onto the CROWD.
47) 1) dialog: Look at them ugly suckers, Blue. One  sheet of glass between them and us.
47) 3) dialog: I break it, they see us, Happy  Halloween. No more hiding. (nostalgic) Outside. I could be outside --
47) 5) text: Hellboy straps on a huge utility belt heavy with amulets, rosaries, horseshoes. From an ashtray he grabs a handful stogie stubs. Lights one, puts the rest in a pouch.
47) 6) dialog: Don't get psychic with me.
47) 8) text: Hellboy unlocks a STEEL BOX (STENCILED ON ITS LID: "THE G SAMARITAN") and extracts the meanest-looking, custom-buil double-barrel, blue-finished, handgun ever made. A verita cannon.
47) 9) dialog: How am I ever gonna get a girl?? I  drive around in a garbage truck
47) 11) dialog: (hefting the gun) We don't take hints.
48) 4) text: The truck stops, Clay pulls a lever. Myers watches as the dumpster loader hinges down like a drawbridge, revealing  HELLBOY and ABE.
48) 6) text: Abe, Clay and Hellboy activate lights on their belts. The BEEP and blink. Hellboy starts walking.
49) 2) dialog: Hold on -- hold on -- I thought we  checked this place. Fakes, and  reproductions.
49) 5) dialog: (surprised to see him) Father...?
50) 0) text: They approach an oversize set of brass doors. Abe removes a leather glove from his hand. FWAP!! he spre his webbed fingers on the door. He closes his three eyeli and concentrates. Two agents arrive with a rolling munitions case. Myers  observes as Hellboy opens it and looks over a potpourri o bullets of all colors and shapes.
50) 2) dialog: Who wards off demons.
50) 4) dialog: Reliquary --
50) 6) text: Hellboy selects a clip full of bullets and a speed loader
50) 7) dialog: Would'ya look at this babies? Made  'em myself. Holy water, silver  shavings, white oak: the works.
50) 10) dialog: Oh, well. Lemme go in and say "hi".
50) 11) text: As HELLBOY opens the big doors, a flickering amber glow  illuminates him. He steps inside.
51) 0) text: BLUE emergency lamps are on. The exhibits are destroyed;  piles of debris are burning. Hellboy walks past a fallen  display case. He moves around cautiously. A couple of large carvings an statues startle him. On the floor: boots, half chewed. Bitten belts and shreds uniforms and hats.
51) 1) dialog: (whispers into radio) Blue: It stinks in here -- Finely  aged roadkill.
51) 2) text: The sickening sound of snapping bones and mastication rea his ears. Hellboy reacts to a smell, raises his eyes to  discover -- A huge pale CREATURE hangs from the ceiling, chewing slow SAMMAEL: equipped with powerful arms, a head full of tent and two well-muscled hind legs. Most of its face is hidde but the jaws are shiny with blood.
51) 3) dialog: Hey. Stinky. Kitchen's closed. (beat) Whatcha havin'? Six library guards,  raw? Plus belts and boots? Man, you're  gonna need some heavy fiber to move  that out --
53) 1) dialog: Hold it -- (beat) Hey, Sammy, whaddayasay we work this  out?? Peacefully. I'm not a great  shot, but -- (raises his gun) "The Samaritan" here, uses really  big bullets, so whadyasay we work  this out?
53) 2) text: Sammael stands and turns around -- CRACK-KKK!!! His waist twists him 360 degrees!! Screeching, Sammael leaps away!!! Hellboy shoots. The high-caliber ammo rips a few columns  apart and finally catches Sammael. The bullet goes throug it and destroys a statue and a large window behind him. T monster squeals and goes down. With a rattling cough, it  grows still.
54) 1) dialog: That's all for you, Sammy.
54) 3) text: Hellboy turns away for a moment. Puts his gun away, like gunslinger.
54) 4) dialog: Nah -- he's taken care of.
56) 2) dialog: See? I don't like that --
56) 4) text: Hellboy looks back at the corpse: it's gone!
56) 6) dialog: Skip to the end, willya?  How do I  kill it -- ?
56) 8) text: BAMMM!! From out of nowhere, Sammael appears and swings a arm!! Hellboy CRASHES into the brass doors!
57) 0) text: The doors bulge and crack under Hellboy's impact. Abe and Broom backpedal fast. Myers pulls out his gun, an starts looking for another way in. Broom observes this,  pleased.
58) 0) text: Sammael lashes out with a massive punch. HELLBOY goes K-KKRASH!!! K-KKRASH!!! through SIX glass  cabinets, then hits a window, falling --
59) 0) text: -- two stories down, landing sideways in an industrial ga bin. Hellboy fights to stay conscious. Blood drips from h mouth
59) 2) text: Hellboy looks up: standing in the alley, like an appariti is Grigory, in a black suit and overcoat, his eyes shield by pitch-black sunglasses
59) 4) text: Hellboy's in shock, confused.
59) 5) dialog: That voice --
59) 7) dialog: Don't tell me, it's Zeppo.
59) 8) text: Hellboy catches sight of his big gun, lying on the ground He goes for it but, BAMMM!!!! SAMMAEL lands before him.
59) 10) text: Before Hellboy can reach the weapon -- WSHHHP!!! A 7-foot tongue lashes out from Sammael's mouth like a whip. It's arm-thick, with yellow sacs billowing f its sides. It wraps around Hellboy's right arm. Hellboy falls to the ground, writhing, grinding his teeth The tongue squeezes and pulls. Smoke pours from Hellboy's skin.
60) 2) dialog: What do you think you're doing??
60) 5) dialog: No one ever helps me. It's my job.
60) 7) dialog: Damn -- Okay. Here --
60) 8) text: He hands him the gun and a fresh clip. Reaching into his  belt, Hellboy extracts a vacuum-sealed packet.
60) 9) dialog: (throws it at Myers) -- Then load this.
60) 11) dialog: It's a tracking bullet. Crack the  pin. Load it.
60) 12) text: KLANG!!! The tongue punches through the steel like a ramr Again and again... Hellboy and Myers can barely dodge it. Myers cracks a safety pin. The glass head on the bullet g like a chemical flare.
60) 14) text: He's looking at Hellboy's smoking arm. Inside a bloody ga a big, black stinger is gleaming. Hellboy pulls it out, then steps on it. It pops like a ri grape.
60) 15) dialog: Lemme go ask --
60) 16) text: Hellboy steps from behind the container. Sammael's tongue instantly wraps around the gun's muzzle. BAM! BAM! Hellboy shoots repeatedly. His face lit weirdly green as the tracking bullet lodges within the gun. Then
61) 0) text: -- Sammael, still in mid-air. It hits him square in the chest: an explosion of green go With a shriek, the thing leaps over a wall. Hellboy scram after it.
62) 0) text: On the empty sidewalk, Hellboy sees a trail of GLOWING GO He hits full stride, following it around a corner. Myers  lands a second later, cradling his arm, chasing after him
62) 4) text: Without slowing down, Sammael jumps onto the trailer, den the roof then jumping off and into a CROWDED CARNIVAL are A small carrousel and refreshment stand flank a pumpkin p Full of curiosity, Sammael pauses a second to inspect a T or-treater dressed as a GOLDEN DRAGON. Hellboy catapults himself onto the trailer's roof.
62) 6) text: Hellboy jumps and lands heavily on top of the driver's ca
63) 0) text: Sammael runs past a group of trick-or-treaters, and jumps straight into the street. Cars swerve, avoiding a collisi as Sammael lands on the opposite sidewalk. The TRICK OR  TREATERS scream. Hellboy appears. He too dives straight into the traffic a Myers follows -- He runs into the road... and a 4X4 speeds straight at him Seeing this, Hellboy runs back, and lands next to Myers,  holds out his STONE HAND and stops the 4x4 dead in its tr The impact somersaults the car over them both. It lands w a thud on the street, air bags exploding. Myers almost fa Other cars stop, tires squealing and horns blaring. A maj traffic jam.
63) 1) dialog: Are you okay?
63) 3) dialog: Good. Stay here.
64) 0) text: Hellboy follows the GLOWING GOOP into an adjacent alley. the far end he sees a metal grate has been moved. Sammael gone. He comes up to the opening, then jumps in.
65) 1) dialog: Waiting for me, Sammy?
65) 2) text: A train horn blares. A headlight approaches!! Hellboy smi and puts away his gun.
65) 3) dialog: Uh-oh -- between a rock and a hard  place --
65) 5) dialog: Aw, crap --
69) 0) text: Now the train hurtles at Hellboy, who grimaces and does h best --
71) 0) text: Inches from the wheels, he punches his stone hand through the steel floor and grabs a handhold. Steam and sparks ex everywhere. The TRAIN DRIVER grabs a fire extinguisher and starts sla it against Hellboy's head.
71) 1) dialog: Hey! Hey! I'm on your side!!
72) 0) text: The train whizzes overhead, grazing his horn stumps, maki sparks fly!! After the train passes, Hellboy sits up, for smoking. Sammael is gone. A trail of GOOP is glowing. He  follows it, until it ends abruptly. He looks ahead: no trace of Sammael... Then a fat drop of glowing goop hits his hand.
72) 1) dialog: Aw, I forgot --
72) 2) text: He looks up. Sammael hangs from the ceiling, then drops.  Then the creature lifts Hellboy in a ferocious bear hug. Hellboy twists around and cracks open the jaws of the  creature, like King Kong and the T-Rex. Sammael staggers back and -- in an impossible maneuver, r knits his jaws together! Then he uses his bone scythe to  tackle Hellboy and -- TCHAKKKK!! -- pin his shoulder down deep wound. Sammael's mouth starts to open! Hellboy looks at the spar THIRD RAIL a few feet away. Sammael's tongue rears back, a snake ready to strike.
72) 3) dialog: Screw you.
72) 4) text: Hellboy grabs the rail. An electrical discharge consumes  both creatures and burns the frame like flashpaper. Hellb lets go, his hand and body smoking. Sammael -- very crisp is convulsing in a cloud of smoke. He grows still. Wreathed in smoke, Hellboy shakes off the shock and uses flame on his arm to light a cigar.
72) 5) dialog: I'm fireproof. (puffs smoke, kicks  the body) You weren't.
73) 1) dialog: Myers??? How's your arm?
74) 0) text: Hellboy walks away from the smoking Sammael carcass.
74) 1) dialog: I just fried Stinky. Tell Father  I'll be home. He shouldn't wait up.
76) 1) dialog: No, no, no, it's fine: I do my job,  I take a break.
76) 3) dialog: Myers?
76) 5) dialog: Goodbye.
82) 0) text: A small nighttime Halloween celebration. Lanterns hanging from the trees, couples drinking and listening to Pop mus on picnic tables. On a bench, A YOUNG GUY pulls out a cold SIX PACK of beer and passionately kisses his GIRLFRIEND. As he shuts his e a bright, red tail neatly snatches the six-pack. Behind the bench, HELLBOY smiles.
83) 0) text: Dry leaves fly up in a gust of wind. A small army of EMER VEHICLES roars down the deserted streets, right past a... ...brick 1940's HOSPITAL, behind a high wall topped with  barbed wire. The mesh-covered windows are decorated with  paper skeletons and jack-o'-lanterns. A topiary garden  surrounds the building. Watching from atop the wall is HELLBOY. One sleeve of his overcoat is soaked in blood. He keeps an eye on the SECON FLOOR windows. Hanging from his tail: THE SIX PACK OF BEE
85) 2) text: Visible in the branches, a leg and part of Hellboy's over His tail emerges, dangling the six-pack.
85) 3) dialog: Uh, I brought beer.
85) 8) dialog: Just a scratch. (shrug) I wanted to see you.
86) 0) text: Hellboy's sitting on a bench, next to Liz.
86) 1) dialog: We miss you at the Bureau. Abe's  crazier every day. And Father's still  mad at me -- (Liz smiles) Come back, Liz. Come back. I --
86) 8) dialog: The Nanny Squad.
86) 15) text: Hellboy smiles sadly. She walks away.
86) 16) dialog: Goodnight, then.
86) 19) dialog: Yeah, I gotta go, too. Lots to do --
86) 21) dialog: What took you so long?
86) 23) dialog: What are you, a Boy Scout?
86) 25) dialog: (weak) Could've fooled me. Go away.
86) 26) text: Hellboy drops to his knees. Clay, Quarry and Moss reach h Help him up.
86) 28) dialog: This -- ? This is nothing. You know  what'll kill me? (points at the doorway) Her.
86) 29) text: Liz stands at the hospital door and sees Hellboy keel ove A few of the agents help him to the vehicles. Myers looks back at Liz. They hold each others' gaze, the unfamiliar faces filled with curiosity. Eventually, she g inside.
87) 0) text: In the depths of the B.P.R.D infirmary, Hellboy lies flat a stainless steel table. Broom sits alongside him. Abe peers through a magnifier at Hellboy's wounded arm.
87) 2) dialog: I'm lucky that way.
87) 3) text: Using a scalpel, Abe probes the gash. Hellboy lets out a  GRUNT.
87) 5) dialog: Don't worry. I'll get him soon enough --
87) 7) dialog: How hard can it be? I punched the  crap out of that thing that he sent --  ouch!!
87) 9) dialog: Me?? C'mon --
87) 11) dialog: Oh, stop that -- (grimaces in pain) Damn! Be careful, there --
87) 13) dialog: I dunno, maybe five seconds -- ow!
87) 15) dialog: (snickers) That's right, Stud, hold me down.
87) 19) dialog: Is it bad?
87) 20) text: Broom comes closer, eyes wide: inside the wound on Hellbo forearm, nestled like ticks, are 3 translucent EGGS. Hellboy jumps as Abe plucks the first one out. Abe deposi it in a glass container.
87) 22) dialog: Didn't even buy me a drink.
88) 2) text: Abe picks up an egg with a pair of tweezers, passes it on Hellboy, who sports a bandage on his arm.
88) 4) dialog: Well, let's see -- there was that  moment, when I had a train on top of  my head --
89) 0) text: Dozens of HELLBOY clippings flash by: tabloid headlines a with intimate images of Hellboy as a KID. H.B. at 7, at 1 dressed as a human for Halloween, Broom by his side. Myers works at a computer workstation. He brings up a small photograph in an old issue of The  Enquirer. The headline: "ARSON SUSPECT NOW WORKING FOR SE GOVERNMENT AGENCY" There's a photo of a woman, taken with telephoto lens. Another clipping: young LIZ, 11, and a photo of a tenemen building burned to the ground: TRAGIC EXPLOSION. A QUICKTIME interview pops up. LIZ, in her early twenties caption reads: ELIZABETH SHERMAN, first interview, BPRD,  PYROKINETIC. She has a POLAROID camera in her hands. Shoo one at the lens.
100) 0) text: Myers pushes the breakfast cart. On it, three dozen panca and a mound of bacon and toast. He opens the door to HellboyВґs den.
101) 0) text: Inside, Hellboy is leaning over Broom, glaring at the old man.
101) 1) dialog: How many buildings does she have to  burn? She belongs here!
101) 5) dialog: Oh, as opposed to -- ?
101) 6) text: Broom grows silent. Hellboy stomps over to a mirror and -- using a hand-held  belt sander -- savagely shaves his horns. Sparks fly ever time he goes at the round stumps.
101) 7) dialog: Mmmh -- "Pamcakes." We're going out --
101) 9) dialog: (whirls around) Hey. You: think twice --
101) 11) dialog: (chuckles) What landed you this job, pushing  "pamcakes"? Punctuality? What was  your area of expertise?
101) 13) dialog: What was that??
101) 15) text: Hellboy's face lights up.
105) 0) text: An explosion of sound and light as a subway train passes  through a dank tunnel. Then, light beams sweep the encrus walls and steel columns. Clay and some B.P.R.D. agents hold flashlights. Two of th MOSS and QUARRY -- carry FLAMETHROWERS. Hellboy and Abe bring up the rear.
106) 11) text: BAMMM!!! Hellboy's stone hand cracks the concrete. He sta pounding, again and again, like a jack hammer.
107) 0) text: The wall collapses under Hellboy's attack.
107) 1) dialog: Are you coming or not?
107) 2) text: Clay smiles uncertainly back. Hellboy moves in.
108) 0) text: A large oval room of rusting metal, with pipes spilling w through a large GRATE on the floor. Abe studies it, senses something, and nods. With superhum effort, Hellboy lifts it. Hundreds of roaches pour out.
109) 0) text: Abe pulls off his breathing apparatus. Activates the loca on his utility belt. Hellboy does likewise. BEEEP! The de synchronize. Hellboy extends a metal reliquary containing a small bone
109) 1) dialog: There you go, Doctor. This should  cover your tailfin -- On loan from  the Vatican, a bone from Saint  Dionysius. Ugh. Looks like a pinky.
109) 4) dialog: Rotten eggs and the safety of mankind.
110) 0) text: Waiting above, Hellboy chews a Baby Ruth and pokes around Finds a pile of children's shoes covering some yellowing  albums. In the albums, a myriad of sad faces, the orphans from the past. Some of the faces have been cut out. There's an unfinishe letter to Father Christmas, dated 1866. Clay stands below a grate, admiring his hair implants wit hand mirror.
110) 2) text: Suddenly, something moves. Hellboy shines his light into adjoining tunnel. Kroenen is standing there, like a deer  caught in headlights.
110) 3) dialog: Son of a -- !
110) 4) text: The figure darts away. Hellboy tears after it, gun in han
110) 8) text: He pulls out his gun and runs after Hellboy.
111) 0) text: Clay arrives at an intersection of sewer tunnels. The glo of Hellboy's flashlight is visible somewhere ahead, his  booming footsteps rapidly receding. A veritable labyrinth
113) 0) text: Hellboy stops, disoriented. No trace of KROENEN. He sniff the air, then steps through a non-descript portal.
113) 2) dialog: "Sammael: seed of destruction. Death  becomes the fertile ground."
113) 4) dialog: (turning) Didn't I kill you already?
113) 5) text: Sammael lunges, hurling Hellboy through an open service  shaft... ...and it's a long way down. When Sammael leaps, Hellboy throws him over the edge. Sam however, grabs Hellboy's tail and pulls him over the side
116) 0) text: A subway platform. Full of people. The two fighting creatures land on the ticket booth -- in explosion of coins, glass and steel!!! Some bold New York in the crowd start picking up handfuls of change. The dust clears, revealing a large crater in the platform floor. Sammael hits Hellboy. The Red Giant lands on a line of  turnstiles, uprooting them all. Sammael flies through the air, unfolds its bone scythe.  Hellboy rolls away. Sammael misses: the tip imbeds itself the floor and then -- TCHAKKK!!! -- in a concrete column. Sammael pulls, bringing down part of the ceiling. More SC from the fleeing public. A mezzanine above Hellboy collapses, bringing the ceiling steel cables and office furniture down onto the Red Giant Sammael takes a step towards the crowd and roars -- Then, BAMMMMMM!!! A desk flies up into the air. Hellboy's stone hand emerges, triumphant.
116) 1) dialog: Hey, Chunk-face!
116) 3) dialog: You can do better than that. Big  monster like you.
116) 4) text: Hellboy rips off one of the turnstile bars and hits Samma again and again.
116) 5) dialog: See? It hurts! You shouldn't hit  people!
116) 6) text: Sammael blocks the last hit and throws the bar away. It e itself in the tile wall. Sammael punches Hellboy, a hard uppercut. Hellboy flies up, crashing through the plate glass of a s mezzanine above the platform. He skids on the tile floor, scraping a jagged line with his stone hand. He slides past a group of BYSTANDERS and into a row of ba subway ads. He lands in a shower of glass and debris on a wooden bench, breaking it in two. Sammael climbs up into the mezzanine. Hellboy gets up -- his back bristling with glass shards - and hears a WAIL: a YOUNG GIRL is pointing at A BOX OF KI abandoned on a bench.
116) 8) dialog: Aw, crap.
116) 9) text: Sammael charges!!! Hellboy scoops up the box, holds it hi Using his bone blade, Sammael pulverizes the bench. Next, Sammael slashes at Hellboy, scattering a dozen shri citizens. Illuminated by sparks and shorting lamps, Hellboy advance blood dripping from his forehead and nose. Hellboy starts to reload, but -- Sammael's tongue shoots  out. Hellboy throws the kitten box in the air and -- trap the tongue with his stone hand --
116) 10) dialog: Second date. No tongue!!
116) 11) text: -- while catching the box with his tail. The kittens are  fine. Using the tongue, he throws Sammael out a glass window. Sammael dangles above the tracks, but he re-joints himsel and grabs a handhold on the train wall above the tunnel.  From here, he pulls on Hellboy, sliding him toward the ja glass. Sammael pulls harder, enters the tunnel. Hellboy fights to free himself, but his sweaty face is  millimeters away from being sliced by the glass. All seem lost, when... WHAAAAA!!!!!! A train appears out of nowhere heading stra for Sammael. It splatters the thing against the tunnel wall and plows Sammael's body sprawls motionless at the side of the trac
117) 1) dialog: I hope that hurt.
117) 4) dialog: My job.
118) 0) text: Hellboy approaches Sammael, whose remains are wreathed in BLACK flame. A huge CROWD looks on from the end of the  platform.
118) 1) dialog: (a whisper) This time. Stay dead, willya??
120) 0) text: Hellboy's locator belt crackles to life. BLUE.
120) 1) dialog: Abe -- ?
122) 0) text: Hellboy enters to find Abe, bleeding but alive, leaning  against the tile, blue blood all around him. Hellboy trie his walkie-talkie. Turns on his locator. It sparks. It's  damaged and broken.
122) 1) dialog: (into his walkie-talkie) We need an ambulance. Now!! Over!!
124) 0) text: Hellboy hears the gunfire, starts running.
125) 0) text: Clay falls to the floor. Kroenen stands there, unfazed by Clay's bullets in his ch Dust pours from his wounds and piles up neatly at his fee He hears Hellboy coming.He places the knife on the floor, then lies down and plays dead. Hellboy appears at the end of the tunnel. He glances at  Kroenen's body, then quickly checks for a pulse on Clay. Hellboy looks demolished.
127) 0) text: Unconscious, Abe floats in a special tank. LED strips rea water temperature, pH level, etc. He's encased in a bio-c a cybernetic healing unit wrapped around his thorax and r arm. A web of tubes and hoses keeps him in place. SHIRTLESS and bandaged, Hellboy sits and studies him, as in a trance.
127) 2) text: Hellboy turns, Manning is there:
127) 4) dialog: I knew those men better than you did --
127) 6) text: He turns to leave. Hellboy gets up.
127) 7) dialog: No, it doesn't make it right, but I  stopped that creature, didn't I?
127) 9) dialog: What are you trying to say?
127) 11) dialog: (a deep sigh) I wish I could be more gracious but --
127) 12) text: BAMMMMM!!!! He smashes a metal LOCKER with his stone hand and raises it above his head. Manning cowers, realizing that Hellboy's rage is a danger thing.
128) 8) text: Mortified, Broom hurries after Manning. Hellboy calmly st through the hole in the wall.
128) 9) dialog: (seeing her) Liz? Liz!!
128) 10) text: She spins on her heel and walks off. Hellboy turns to Mye
128) 11) dialog: You!!! You did it, buddy --
128) 12) text: Myers holsters his gun and follows Liz. Hellboy is all al now.
128) 13) dialog: (oblivious) Woo hoo!!
130) 0) text: A cat bats at a ball of paper. On it, two words are visib DEAR LIZ. Hellboy's tail scoops up the paper and throws i in a brimming wastebasket. He's sitting at a stainless steel desk, deep in concentra writing with evident difficulty. The floor around him is  covered with more crumpled pages. In the background, the  projector is showing DUCK SOUP. Myers pushes in a cartloa of CHILI.
130) 2) dialog: Shh! Just a second.
130) 4) dialog: Myers, you're a talker. What's a  good word -- a solid word for "need" --
130) 6) dialog: Nah, sounds too "needy."
130) 8) text: As he goes out, Liz appears in the doorway. Hellboy quick stops writing.
130) 10) text: Liz plays with a cat. Hellboy lifts the piece of paper, w looks like a postage stamp in his stone hand.
130) 11) dialog: Um... Liz -- I -- there's something  I'd like you to -- something I need  you to hear.
130) 13) dialog: Out? Out out?
130) 15) dialog: You're going alone?
130) 17) text: Hellboy stands up, walks towards her.
130) 18) dialog: Him!! Why him? Why not me?
130) 21) dialog: (sits back down) Not hungry.
130) 23) text: Hellboy folds the paper.
130) 24) dialog: It's nothing. Just a list -- It's  not finished --
130) 28) dialog: (snappy) Not from you.
130) 30) dialog: (furious) Good night.
132) 0) text: Under the gaze of high-security cameras, AGENT LIME rolls Hellboy's food cart down the corridor and into the domed  intersection. He whistles a happy tune. Opens the high  security door.
133) 0) text: Lime's jaw drops. Across the room, one of the walls has been completely  demolished, revealing a SERVICE SHAFT. No sign of Hellboy.
135) 1) dialog: What are you two talking about. What's  so fascinating?? So important?? 
137) 0) text: Hellboy lands neatly on the adjacent roof. He looks down Myers and Liz -- Myers offers her cream and sugar.
137) 1) dialog: No cream and sugar, moron. She takes  it black.
137) 3) dialog: Toldya.
137) 4) text: Trying to feel superior, Hellboy chuckles. As they walk, gestures vigorously. His smile fades.
139) 0) text: Hellboy leaps off a building.
140) 0) text: Two red hands appear over the rooftop parapet. Cursing,  Hellboy hauls himself up. He finds himself next to a pige coop where a YOUNG KID is feeding the birds.
140) 1) dialog: Hi...
140) 4) dialog: Shh. I'm... on a mission.
140) 6) dialog: Don't tell anyone, huh?
141) 0) text: Broom examines the damage to the wall. He turns to see  Hellboy's locator belt hanging on the wall. Broom shakes head.
143) 0) text: The pigeon kid walks towards Hellboy, carrying two glasse of milk and a plate of cookies.
143) 2) text: He sits by Hellboy's side as he watches Liz and Myers cha and laughing.
143) 3) dialog: That's it: she's laughing. I'm done.
143) 4) text: Hellboy grabs three cookies off the plate and scarfs them down.
143) 6) dialog: Come on! Look at him, those shifty  eyes, that -- phony grin...!! (seeing the last cookie) You gonna eat that?
143) 7) text: Below, Myers yawns. Hellboy slaps his forehead.
143) 8) dialog: Oh, the yawning trick. That's so  1950's! Watch his arm --
145) 0) text: Hellboy snickers, hiding and chewing a cookie. The Kid "g him five". INT. BROOMВґS OFFICE - NIGHT Kroenen's two pieces of paper are joined together under a MICRO-SCANNER. Broom watches as computer enhancement fill out a couple of missing areas. Cyrillic letters are now legible.
146) 0) text: The ruins of New York, charred, smoldering. Human remains litter the landscape. Monstrous shapes lumber in the  distance... an army of apocalyptic beasts outlined agains the blood-red sky. Dominating the horror is a mountain of festering skeleton and skulls. At the top, a figure: HELLBOY, transformed. H horns are in full bloom, his eyes and mouth stream uneart fire. INT. BROOMВґS OFFICE - NIGHT Startled, Broom snaps out of it --
147) 0) text: The pigeons flutter on the rooftop. The pigeon kid sits by Hellboy's side.
147) 2) dialog: It's not that easy, okay? (beat) Plus, you're nine. You're not old  enough to give me advice.
147) 4) text: Hellboy turns and sees -- TWO of the black B.P.R.D. Sedan cars rounds the corner. Agent Lime bounds out of one of the vehicles, grabbing My talking rapidly. Liz screams, covers her ears.
147) 5) dialog: Something's wrong --
148) 0) text: Agents and Bureau employees are crammed into Broom's offi doorway. Hellboy, face contorted by grief, pushes through
149) 0) text: The room is full of forensics people taking pictures, pic up evidence, etc. Tom Manning is there. Seeing Hellboy, h respectfully steps back. Broom's fragile body lies slumped in his chair. At his fe a pool of blood. Liz enters, then stifles a whimper. With tears in his eyes, a disbelieving Hellboy looks at L then at his dead father. He holds Broom's body close to h chest.
149) 1) dialog: Father -- I'm back. I'm back. I'm  back.
149) 3) dialog: I wasn't here. You died alone --
150) 0) text: It's raining like hell. The PALLBEARERS, Manning and Myers among them, load Broom casket into a HEARSE. Flanking it are two rows of BPRD ag The hearse doors close and the vehicle pulls away. Watching like a gargoyle from a distant roof: Hellboy. Ra bounces off his wet overcoat. Liz observes him, worried.
153) 0) text: Hellboy stands before Broom's desk, pensive, his naked ch bandaged. Liz watches him from across the room. He finds Broom's ro on top of the book. Reads the underlined phrase on the pa
153) 3) dialog: Hi.
153) 5) text: Hellboy nods, then clears his throat.
153) 6) dialog: I am. (beat) But -- I have something to say, too. (beat) I never had the guts before -
153) 8) dialog: But I understand what you don't like  about me. I do. What I am makes you  feel out of place -- out there --
153) 10) dialog: Listen. I'm not like Myers. He makes  you feel like you belong. And --  that's good. It really is. I -- wish  I could do something about this -- (points at his own  face) But I can't. (beat) I can promise you only two things...  One: I'll always look this good.  Two: I won't give up on you. Ever.
153) 12) dialog: Good.
156) 3) text: Grigory's fingers brush over its smooth, perfect surface. the center -- -- TWO CIRCULAR IMPRINTS that match Hellboy's four-finger stone hand.
158) 0) text: As the plane engines DRONE, Myers supervises BPRD agents  Lime and Stone, who stencil a large crate: FRAGILE! LIVE  CARGO. Hellboy and Liz stand around a brightly-lit work table. Hellboy shows them the medieval illustration of Sammael.
158) 1) dialog: "One falls, two shall arise." So:  you pop one, two come out. You kill  two, you get four. You kill four,  you're in trouble. We have to nail  'em all at once. And the eggs.
158) 5) dialog: (interrupts) Those things never work. Never.
158) 7) dialog: (shrugs it off) I won't take 'em. They never work.
158) 8) text: Manning looks at Hellboy, irate.
158) 10) text: Hellboy wraps Broom's rosary on his wrist.
158) 11) dialog: Boy Scout.
163) 0) text: Hellboy, sitting on the floor, in the dark.
163) 2) text: They hit a series of bumps. The box rattles and shakes.  Hellboy bangs his head. The vehicle lurches to a halt.
163) 3) dialog: (on the radio) This better be the place or I'll  puke.
164) 0) text: Hellboy steps out. Takes a moment to adjust his eyes to t light.
164) 1) dialog: Sebastian Plackba #16...
165) 3) dialog: Let me ask for directions.
166) 0) text: The group surrounds a grave. Hellboy raises the broken st cover and then jumps in.
167) 1) dialog: (whispers) Animam edere, animus corpus...
168) 0) text: The group gawks as Hellboy climbs out, carrying the CORPS on his back. With an ear-to-ear grin, he approaches the t
168) 1) dialog: Sixty feet further, comrades, and  three rows in...
168) 2) text: The corpse fidgets on Hellboy's back. Its bony hand weakl points, as if in confirmation.
168) 3) dialog: This here is Ivan Klimentovich: Say  "hi" Ivan.
169) 0) text: A miniature black marble castle. Using a crowbar, Myers p open the ancient steel door. Hellboy, still carrying the  desiccated abomination on his back, walks in.
172) 0) text: They reach the bottom of the staircase: three corridors b off in different directions. Hellboy deposits the CORPSE  attop a pile of coffins.
172) 1) dialog: We'll be alright... as long as we  don't separate --
173) 0) text: TCHKANGGG!!!!! large spiked metal plates shoot up from be blocking both their way out, demolishing the staircase an ramming Stone: he's gone. Wicked spikes cover the metal surface. Hellboy still bang on it, but to no avail: it's at least six inches thick. L and Myers are on the other side.
173) 1) dialog: (into his walkie-talkie) Okay, someone's expecting us. Turn  on your locators -- Anyone sees  anything...
173) 3) dialog: ...Polo.
173) 6) dialog: On a scale of one to ten: two. But -- (beat) -- she'll take care of you, Myers.  She's a tough one.
173) 7) text: Liz and Myers move off. Hellboy shines his light down the tunnel on the left. Agent Lime picks up the corpse and  follows.
174) 0) text: Hellboy and Manning come into a vast chamber: Slavic moti crown the rugged stone pillars and archways. Water runs d the walls. Across a small stone bridge, light pours from a hexagonal structure. They step onto the bridge. KLANGGG!!! two gears release a steel door from above, forcing them to forge ahead. Somewhere, a  massive clockwork is TICKING.
174) 2) text: Hellboy motions for silence. The CORPSE mutters: "IT'S 
174) 5) dialog: Don't move. We --
174) 7) dialog: No. Don't --
174) 9) text: Hellboy yanks Manning just in time. BAMMM!!!! A gigantic  metal pendulum swings past and demolishes one third of th bridge a few feet from their feet. It takes Lime and the  CORPSE with it. Another door on the far end of the bridge shudders downwa
174) 10) dialog: Son of a --
174) 11) text: Whoosh! The PENDULUM swings back. It destroys more of the bridge. Manning sprints for all he's worth and crawls und the door. Hellboy runs, but chunks of stone disintegrate under his  feet. The pendulum swings back taking out the final piece of th bridge just as Hellboy rolls under the door -- -- and makes it into the hexagonal building.
175) 0) text: Hellboy and Manning find themselves in a very narrow, arc stone corridor. Its walls are lined with endless rows of  rusty steel blades. Faint traces of WAGNER can be heard. They cautiously  proceed...
179) 0) text: Hellboy shoots a dirty look at Manning and then looks bac into the chamber -- -- Kroenen is gone.
179) 1) dialog: (to Manning) Crap. This guy moves like a cockroach --
179) 2) text: Hellboy readies his gun and then creeps toward the lab.
180) 0) text: Hellboy's footsteps elicit soft creaks from the wooden fl Manning moves along behind him. The record finishes playing. Silence -- SWISH!!! Kroenen's whirling blades slice the air, ripping into Manning's arm. As Kroenen goes in for the kill --  -- Hellboy thrusts out his stone fist as a shield. Kroene bears down but Hellboy fends him off with powerful, delib blocks. Kroenen hauls out one of his long swords.
180) 1) dialog: Screw that.
180) 2) text: Hellboy yanks it away and bends it like a twig. BAMMMM!!! He punches Kroenen in the face, crumpling the steel mask, smashing its lenses.
180) 3) dialog: You killed my father --
180) 5) dialog: Give your soul to God, Your ass is  mine.
181) 0) text: BAM!!! Under his feet, a huge trapdoor falls open. He and Manning drop through, along with the phonograph. Hellboy grabs a rope. It spins through a copper pulley, b a large knot jerks him to a stop. Hellboy snatches Mannin hand, but loses his backpack. He looks down. The phonograph hits the ground with a cras
183) 0) text: Hellboy has used the rope hanging below him as a lasso.  MANNING clings to his powerful back as he climbs up, hand over hand.
185) 1) dialog: (reaching the top) Oh, no you don't --
185) 2) text: Hellboy wraps the rope around his stone fist and, with a  brutal stone-fist yank, pulls KROENEN into the pit! With a horrible scream, Kroenen drops headfirst past them and onto the spikes. He wriggles like a fish caught on a  hook, only making it worse, as he slides further down the blades.
186) 0) text: Hellboy climbs out and sits. Sees Kroenen's blade embedde in the floor. Holding it: the prosthetic hand, still tick
187) 0) text: Hellboy peers down. Still alive, Kroenen frees one arm,  slicing through his own ropy bicep.
187) 1) dialog: You like playing possum, you Nazi  pinhead? (beat) Then try playing dead.
188) 0) text: Hellboy tips a massive cogwheel over the edge. Kroenen em a horrid scream as it crushes him.
189) 0) text: Manning sits down, bandaging his injuries. Hellboy kneels down.
189) 1) dialog: Are you okay?
189) 2) text: Manning nods weakly. Hellboy brings out a cigar and fires his Zippo.
189) 3) dialog: You'd better stay here. I'll find a  way out. We'll come back for you.
189) 5) dialog: Yup.
189) 7) text: He digs out one of his fine cigars, cuts it and hands it HELLBOY.
189) 9) text: He lights it for him. Hellboy grins.
189) 11) dialog: (smiles) My job.
191) 0) text: Hellboy labors up a steep slope, using rocks and roots fo handholds. He reaches a dead end and collapses, out of br Light filters through a crack in the ground; he can faint hear Liz and Myers.
193) 0) text: Hellboy pounds the floor with his rock hand. Furiously.
193) 1) dialog: Hang on kid, I'm coming for you!!
194) 0) text: In an "ANT FARM" view of the complex, we see Hellboy abov pummeling and -- in the cavern below -- Liz and Myers.
195) 0) text: Dust and rocks fall from above. The four identical creatu move in on Liz and Myers. Myers shoots one in the head th times. The creature shakes off the hits as if pelted with pebbles. One of them springs. As it flies through the air, Hellboy crashes through the ceiling. He lands on top of it along  with a ton or two of stone. The creature is crushed. Two eggs glow, metamorphosing. Presto -- two new Sammaels are born. The first two Sammaels growl, joined by the two new ones. Liz sprints to safety.
195) 1) dialog: Sorry. Just couldn't leave you two  alone.
195) 2) text: Hellboy scoops up Myers and deposits him next to Liz. Lit by Myers' flashlight, two of the creatures jump. One  clamps onto Hellboy's back, the other onto his leg. Hellb howls. The third one joins in, like lions dragging down a zebra. This time, though, the zebra fights back. Hellboy pulls out his gun and fires a round into the ches of a Sammael. Two eggs glow -- two new Sammaels are born. They're FIVE. Hellboy's torso is covered in blood. He falls to the grou A fourth and a fifth creature spring onto him, biting. He is in trouble. Liz watches and shivers. A ripple of heat shimmers over h body.
195) 7) text: Hellboy screams. Water explodes under the fighting bodies Two of the Sammaels turn their attention to Liz and Myers
195) 13) text: Myers ducks behind a rock as Liz's arms blaze with fire. The two approaching Sammaels are ready to pounce. On top of Hellboy, one of them turns its head, like a lio hearing the hunter's gunshots. A staggering Hellboy sees  Liz's body shake in a surge of white-hot energy.
195) 14) dialog: (weak) Liz...
196) 0) text: The screen FADES TO WHITE and then... Silence, then a pulse. A high ringing tone. A heartbeat. Hellboy pushes away the half-cooked remains of two Sammae The other creatures are little more than blackened bones. stumbles forward. No water left. Everything is half-burie in a cracked, bone-dry bed of mud. Liz lies on the ground on her side, unconscious. Myers is alive, but too groggy to even acknowledge it. We Hellboy turns around: In the eerie silence of his deafnes he sees Grigory -- LAUGHING noiselessly, witness to an ab comedy. Ilsa approaches. And -- in a simple, brutal move -- hits with a hammer --
197) 0) text: Hellboy slowly comes to. He is chained to a massive woode yoke. He takes notice of his surroundings: a large church like space, surrounded by funeral niches and statues hold swords. High columns flank huge mechanical gears. An SOLA SYSTEM MODEL takes the place of an altar. Off to one side, Ilsa uses a hammer to destroy the timers the explosive belts. Next to the main nave, Myers is tied to a stone pillar. U his feet, a blood channel, leading to the immense stone s bought from Lapikov. Liz lies at Grigory's feet. He's dressed in a ceremonial  robe and holds his leather book open. His back to Hellboy he faces a mural of the angel Abbadon holding a key.
197) 2) text: Hellboy tenses, rage building. The yoke creaks, but doesn bend.
197) 5) text: Hellboy studies the stone sculpture, its three HAND IMPRI
197) 7) text: Hellboy stares at his huge right arm, as if for the first time.
197) 13) dialog: No.
197) 14) text: Grigory turns to Hellboy.
197) 16) text: In torment, Hellboy, shakes his head: no.
197) 20) dialog: Noooo! Noooo!!!
197) 21) text: He struggles again. One of the cuffs snaps. He swats Ilsa with his free hand. She stumbles backwards. Now Hellboy f to free his other hand. Indifferent, Grigory watches the  eclipse.
197) 23) text: His head and heart racing, Hellboy struggles for an answe Can't find one... the moon is almost totally eclipsed. He drops his gaze. His voice a hoarse whisper.
197) 24) dialog: For her.
197) 25) text: Grigory moves close to Hellboy. Rips the rosary off his w It lands near Myers.
197) 27) dialog: (closing his eyes) Anung-un-Rama...
198) 0) text: Hellboy's stone arm glows. Ancient symbols of fire burn t stone. Flames momentarily engulf his body.
199) 0) text: Hellboy roars as his HORNS majestically burst forth! Out his mouth, energy and light boil like condensing breath o winter's night. Inebriated with power, the new PRINCE OF HELL smiles with supreme arrogance. His shadow falls on the white marble o the slab and mysteriously spreads over it until the stone turns black as obsidian.
199) 2) text: HELLBOY inserts his enormous paw into the FIRST IMPRINT o the stone slab -- CLACK!! He turns it, like a lock. A beam of crimson light shoot upwards into the sky.
202) 0) text: Hellboy watches as the FIRST IMPRINT disappears. In its p a burning glyph. Myers struggles with his bindings. The rough hemp cuts hi skin, but he manages to free one hand.
204) 0) text: Hellboy thrusts his hand into the SECOND IMPRINT. CLACK! turns it. Myers spots the broken rosary and reaches for it --
206) 2) text: Hellboy puts his hand inside, CLACK!!! Before he can turn it, Myers reaches the rosary. Ilsa lunges at him. He clob her full in the face. She staggers back and down.
206) 4) text: He throws the rosary at Hellboy. Instinctively, Hellboy  catches it. It smokes in his hand. He tosses it away. It lands next to the explosive belts. Hellboy opens his palm, seeing the smoking, charred impri of the cross and beads. He looks over at Grigory. With a blood-curdling scream, Hellboy grabs his horns wit both hands, brutally snaps them off. Energy spews from th stumps. He stabs Grigory with one of them. Grigory drops to his k holding his stomach. Hellboy drops the blood-stained horn The final lock disappears into the stone. The light flick and the connection with the moon is broken. Ilsa, licking her bloody lips, looks up. The sky is silen The thunderclouds are parting. The eclipse has ended. Grigory crumples in agony. The burning glyphs in Hellboy's stone hand dim down, his  features and body resume their usual shape. All is quiet.
206) 6) dialog: I can live with that.
207) 0) text: Hellboy painfully takes Liz's limp body in his arms. Myer stands by his side. He kisses her forehead, caresses her hair, then walks dow the steps. Myers steps on something. He looks under his foot: A smas GLASS EYE. Then... out of the silence, a WHISPER.
207) 2) text: Hellboy turns. Grigory, on his knees, smiles.
208) 0) text: In a passageway, Hellboy carefully hands Liz's body over Myers.
208) 1) dialog: Keep her safe. No matter what. I'll  deal with whatever's back there.
208) 3) dialog: How big can it be?
208) 4) text: As if in response, a massive tentacle fills the tunnel,  reaching for him. Oil lamps hanging from the ceiling smas onto HELLBOYВґS head as he is pulled back at breakneck sp finally confronting --
209) 0) text: BEHEMOTH!!! The size of a house -- Hellboy -- head smoking -- writhes in the grip of the  tentacle. It suddenly throws him toward the ceiling. As he arcs back down, ABM!! -- he cracks the floor wide o Next to him: the rosary and the EXPLOSIVE BELTS. He tries grab them. The tentacle slams down, blocking his way. The vibration sends the belts down into the crack. They b off a small ledge and land further down. Far below, grind cogwheels and gears. Hellboy manages to pull a steel sword from the closest ma statue. Hellboy stands up and swings the sword for all he's worth FWAP! He cuts clean through the tentacle. The tip hits th floor, rolling into the crack. From out of Behemoth's stump... a mass of wriggling tenta replaces the cut-off section! They squirm around Hellboy' face as he slashes, again and again, fighting his way for He leans into the crack, stretches his arm, struggling to grab the belts. A few inches short. He jumps into the cre onto the first ledge. It crumbles!! The gears below grind a few falling bricks. The belts sli away. A tentacle captures Hellboy, pulls him up. At the last se he grabs the belts with his tail. The beast raises Hellboy high. A multi-layered mouth open in the body of BEHEMOTH. The most horrible proboscis ever seen. Hellboy's tail passes him the belts. The timers on them are crushed. A spark spurts: Useless.
209) 1) dialog: They never work --
209) 3) dialog: Ugh -- Now, this is gonna hurt --
211) 0) text: A chain reaction yields a cacophony of explosions as Behe is enveloped in a cloud of fire, goo and soft flesh. Hellboy lands with a sickening, bone-crunching THUD!!! With a bellow, Behemoth goes down, the limp tentacles mis Hellboy as they vanish in a blaze of energy and light.  Finally, just a few cinders of flesh float in the air.
212) 0) text: Hellboy stands, covered in goo. Two final shockwaves of l ripple over the ground.
212) 1) dialog: Ouch -- It did hurt.
213) 0) text: Hellboy lurches into the passageway and spots Myers. Pain drags himself over. Liz's body is on the floor. Manning limps in from an adjacent room. Hellboy cradles L head in his huge hand. Holds her against his powerful che and whispers in her ear. A beat or two, then a moan.
213) 3) dialog: "You, on the other side: let her go.  Because for her, for her -- I'll  die. I'll cross over." (beat) "And you'll be sorry I did."
213) 4) text: Myers smiles. Liz looks at Hellboy for the first time as  what he is: the man she loves. A warm, gentle fire rims h body. Manning watches. Agent Myers smiles a sad smile, illumina by the flames. Hellboy and Liz kiss. The fire haloes them and builds as Waits' CINNY'S WALTZ fills the air.