8) 2) text: ILSA, a severe, ageless Aryan beauty, reverentially drape an embroidered robe over his bony shoulders.
8) 3) dialog: I will not leave you.
8) 5) dialog: Never --
9) 2) text: He strides alongside Grigory and Ilsa, who holds an umbre to shield her master from the pouring rain.
11) 4) text: He flexes his fingers and in response -- -- the two metal rings swing around the machine's central axis. TCHINK!!! WHIRRR!!! STEAM escapes from the ducts an pipes. An invisible blast of energy forces the falling ra to swerve momentarily away from Grigory's body. Ilsa signals TWO NAZI SCIENTISTS standing at a control pa
11) 5) dialog: More Power!! Don't let the level  drop!!
17) 1) dialog: Grigory!
18) 0) text: Grigory's face is distorted, pulled like ectoplasmic taff his body contorting and breaking. The cosmic portal sudde implodes! Nothing is left but a few burnt rails and the m glove, empty and smoking. As the Allies approach, the fighting rages on. Grigory and Ilsa are gone. And for now, so is Kroenen.  Embedded in the wall where he was pinned, two bloody rail nothing more.
31) 2) text: FIGURE 1 exchanges a meaningful look with FIGURE 2. FIGUR throws two solid gold pieces at the feet of the Sherpa. O them, an embossed SWASTIKA. After a greedy moment of thou the Peasant kneels to pick up the gold. TCHKK!!! A long, shiny blade pierces the Peasant's chest  from behind. He blinks twice and slumps forward. FIGURE 2 steps out from behind him, a long, bloody blade his hand. The figures uncover their faces. ILSA has not aged and  KROENEN, still wears the same tight gas mask. He cleans h blade in the snow and takes back the gold. Ilsa watches the Sherpa's blood as it runs in a steaming  rivulet, tracing a glyph in the grooves and filling the b A FIGURE RISES FROM THE BLOOD. A naked human shape, haloe by fireflies.
31) 3) dialog: Your eyes. What did they do to your  eyes?
77) 0) text: An abandoned shower room. A series of sinks and stalls, l with dirty white tile. A phonograph nearby plays Wagner.  Kroenen stands next to it. ILSA is nearby, a straight razor glinting in her hand. Sh stands over Grigory -- his back to us -- lovingly shaving her master's scalp. She grabs two GLASS EYES from a table Places them in Grigory's sockets -- his back to us -- as turns, a glass eye shifts lazily into position. He opens hand: in it the pale BLACK light that escaped from Sammae body. He cradles it like a precious stone.
77) 3) dialog: Only seven more days to the eclipse,  Grishka...
77) 4) text: Rasputin stands, his neck and shoulders rising, engorged moving flesh beneath his human skin. Ilsa stares in  fascination.
80) 0) text: Hours earlier: the place is intact. Both ABE and BROOM wi spectrally as -- A GUARD CHECKS AN ALARM MONITORING UNIT. HEARING A tickin sound, he shines his light into a dark corner: no one's t But after the guard moves on, a spidery form emerges from the pool of shadows on the floor. It's KROENEN, encased in shiny BLACK LATEX from head to t On his chest, a close-fitting harness comprised of softly ticking gears. He approaches a glass case which holds an ancient WOODEN  STATUE of an Eastern Orthodox SAINT. Then, on the glass, a reflection: ILSA.
80) 1) dialog: Move.
80) 2) text: She uses her hammer to destroy the glass case. The ALARM shrieks. Warning lights come on. Kroenen pulls out a double-ended BLADE. It spins, like a  giant bone saw, slicing across the statue. No apparent damage until: CRACKKKKK!!! a diagonal line ap and the top half falls. KROENEN reaches for a small crank embedded in his chest a winds himself up. Ilsa reaches into a hollow portion in the wooden statue a removes a large reliquary jar containing Golden sand. Six guards hurry in. They point their flashlights and gun at Kroenen.
80) 6) text: Something is clearly stopping him. His hand breaks, twist by an unseen force!! The flesh on his neck pushes upwards, held by an invisibl force. He starts floating in mid-air. The blinking lights of arriving police cars tint the wind red and amber. They outline a figure formerly submerged i shadows. GRIGORY. He gestures with both hands, as if hold an imaginary doll. His arm muscles twitch under his skin, shifting, changing gaining strength. With a quick gesture Grigory twists the lower and upper p of the guard's body in opposite directions. With a wet CRUNCH, the guard's shadow on the wall goes li Grigory looks at Ilsa.
80) 8) text: Ilsa opens the reliquary jar and pours a circle of sand o the floor.
155) 0) text: A metal door trundles back and the limo and escort motorc enter. Fleshy Russian General -- LAPIKOV -- gets out of the limo Then Ilsa and Grigory.
156) 6) dialog: (curtly) He is aware.
156) 7) text: Ilsa brings out a chrome box, full of gold.
196) 0) text: The screen FADES TO WHITE and then... Silence, then a pulse. A high ringing tone. A heartbeat. Hellboy pushes away the half-cooked remains of two Sammae The other creatures are little more than blackened bones. stumbles forward. No water left. Everything is half-burie in a cracked, bone-dry bed of mud. Liz lies on the ground on her side, unconscious. Myers is alive, but too groggy to even acknowledge it. We Hellboy turns around: In the eerie silence of his deafnes he sees Grigory -- LAUGHING noiselessly, witness to an ab comedy. Ilsa approaches. And -- in a simple, brutal move -- hits with a hammer --
197) 0) text: Hellboy slowly comes to. He is chained to a massive woode yoke. He takes notice of his surroundings: a large church like space, surrounded by funeral niches and statues hold swords. High columns flank huge mechanical gears. An SOLA SYSTEM MODEL takes the place of an altar. Off to one side, Ilsa uses a hammer to destroy the timers the explosive belts. Next to the main nave, Myers is tied to a stone pillar. U his feet, a blood channel, leading to the immense stone s bought from Lapikov. Liz lies at Grigory's feet. He's dressed in a ceremonial  robe and holds his leather book open. His back to Hellboy he faces a mural of the angel Abbadon holding a key.
197) 4) dialog: (to Hellboy) You are the key! The right hand of  doom!
197) 6) dialog: (triumphant) What did you think it was made for?  Open the locks.
197) 9) text: Ilsa kicks Myers in the face.
197) 10) dialog: Silence!!
197) 12) dialog: Imagine it: An eden for you and her --
197) 21) text: He struggles again. One of the cuffs snaps. He swats Ilsa with his free hand. She stumbles backwards. Now Hellboy f to free his other hand. Indifferent, Grigory watches the  eclipse.
206) 2) text: Hellboy puts his hand inside, CLACK!!! Before he can turn it, Myers reaches the rosary. Ilsa lunges at him. He clob her full in the face. She staggers back and down.
206) 4) text: He throws the rosary at Hellboy. Instinctively, Hellboy  catches it. It smokes in his hand. He tosses it away. It lands next to the explosive belts. Hellboy opens his palm, seeing the smoking, charred impri of the cross and beads. He looks over at Grigory. With a blood-curdling scream, Hellboy grabs his horns wit both hands, brutally snaps them off. Energy spews from th stumps. He stabs Grigory with one of them. Grigory drops to his k holding his stomach. Hellboy drops the blood-stained horn The final lock disappears into the stone. The light flick and the connection with the moon is broken. Ilsa, licking her bloody lips, looks up. The sky is silen The thunderclouds are parting. The eclipse has ended. Grigory crumples in agony. The burning glyphs in Hellboy's stone hand dim down, his  features and body resume their usual shape. All is quiet.
207) 8) text: Covered in steamy slime, a seven foot, multi-tentacled sh BABY BEHEMOTH -- lands on the stone slab. The squirming f surges up like greasy pink foam. Growing exponentially by the second. Ilsa kneels and embraces Grigory's corpse. Kisses him on mouth. A gargantuan tentacled shadow looms above them.
207) 9) dialog: Hell will hold no surprises for us.