34) 0) text: Leaves stir on the pavement. All the stores are decorated for Halloween. Two kids dressed as SKELETONS run in front Broom, carrying a JACK-O-LANTERN. Leaning on a cane, Broom exits the building and walks tow a waiting black Mercedes. The DRIVER (Agent Lime) opens t door. Broom pauses to buy a dozen BABY RUTH candy bars from a s vendor. In an ELECTRONICS STORE, a wall of TV's. The image of a R BLURRY SHAPE (HELLBOY) fills the screens.
89) 0) text: Dozens of HELLBOY clippings flash by: tabloid headlines a with intimate images of Hellboy as a KID. H.B. at 7, at 1 dressed as a human for Halloween, Broom by his side. Myers works at a computer workstation. He brings up a small photograph in an old issue of The  Enquirer. The headline: "ARSON SUSPECT NOW WORKING FOR SE GOVERNMENT AGENCY" There's a photo of a woman, taken with telephoto lens. Another clipping: young LIZ, 11, and a photo of a tenemen building burned to the ground: TRAGIC EXPLOSION. A QUICKTIME interview pops up. LIZ, in her early twenties caption reads: ELIZABETH SHERMAN, first interview, BPRD,  PYROKINETIC. She has a POLAROID camera in her hands. Shoo one at the lens.
92) 0) text: Somewhere in a smokestack city, grown-ups and kids hang  banners and prepare a ragged birthday party in a cement  courtyard.
92) 3) text: Nearby, under a balloon archway, munching candy-coated  apples... three KIDS giggle and point at her.
92) 4) dialog: Freak!
92) 6) dialog: (to his friend) See? She knows her name.
92) 8) dialog: Go home, you freak. We don't want  you here.
116) 6) text: Sammael blocks the last hit and throws the bar away. It e itself in the tile wall. Sammael punches Hellboy, a hard uppercut. Hellboy flies up, crashing through the plate glass of a s mezzanine above the platform. He skids on the tile floor, scraping a jagged line with his stone hand. He slides past a group of BYSTANDERS and into a row of ba subway ads. He lands in a shower of glass and debris on a wooden bench, breaking it in two. Sammael climbs up into the mezzanine. Hellboy gets up -- his back bristling with glass shards - and hears a WAIL: a YOUNG GIRL is pointing at A BOX OF KI abandoned on a bench.
140) 0) text: Two red hands appear over the rooftop parapet. Cursing,  Hellboy hauls himself up. He finds himself next to a pige coop where a YOUNG KID is feeding the birds.
140) 2) text: The kid stares at him.
140) 3) dialog: You're Hellboy.
143) 0) text: The pigeon kid walks towards Hellboy, carrying two glasse of milk and a plate of cookies.
143) 1) dialog: My Mom baked 'em.
143) 5) dialog: They don't look like spies.
145) 0) text: Hellboy snickers, hiding and chewing a cookie. The Kid "g him five". INT. BROOMВґS OFFICE - NIGHT Kroenen's two pieces of paper are joined together under a MICRO-SCANNER. Broom watches as computer enhancement fill out a couple of missing areas. Cyrillic letters are now legible.
147) 0) text: The pigeons flutter on the rooftop. The pigeon kid sits by Hellboy's side.
147) 1) dialog: Just go down there and tell her how  you feel! (Hellboy shakes his  head: no) My mom says --
147) 3) dialog: (shrugs) Who are those guys??