38) 7) text: Confused, Myers picks up his suitcases and complies. He  realizes he's DEAD CENTER on a giant B.P.R.D. Logo: A HAN HOLDING A SWORD.
47) 0) text: The MOUNTED POLICEMAN is visible as he rides by. The mirr are see-through. The back of the truck is a fully-equippe crime lab, crammed with hi-tech gear and low-tech talisma ABE fits a respirator over his face. It looks like a  mechanized Elizabethan collar. Valves bubble and hiss as inhales liquid through his mouth and out his gills.  Hellboy looks out onto the CROWD.
84) 0) text: DOCTOR MARSH, a female psychiatrist, moves down a line  patients, distributing pills. Behind her, a lithe young woman in a patient's gown carri the medicine tray. This is LIZ SHERMAN, age 26, her pale  skin contrasting with her raven-black hair and piercing d eyes. A scar mars her forehead. Three thick rubber bands  circle her wrist. Near a window, a Down's Syndrome PATIENT senses something
84) 4) text: Hearing this, Liz stops. She closes her eyes, tugs at one the rubber bands on her wrist and lets it snap against he skin. She winces and peers out the window. The garden bel seems empty.
85) 0) text: Liz steps out a side door into the hospital garden. Hangi from her neck: an old POLAROID CAMERA. She follows a trai of blood to a large, thorny bush. As she circles it...
85) 1) dialog: Back so soon?
85) 4) text: Liz shoots a Polaroid.
85) 5) dialog: To wash down my lithium pills? (beat) I may get a few perks, H.B. But I'm  still a patient.
85) 7) dialog: You better have that looked at.
85) 9) text: Liz sighs.
86) 0) text: Hellboy's sitting on a bench, next to Liz.
86) 2) dialog: No. Not this time, H.B. It's been  months since I've had an episode.  And you know what? I'm learning to  control it.
86) 4) dialog: I'm learning where it comes from. (beat) And for once in my life I'm not  afraid.
86) 6) dialog: Looks like your ride is here.
86) 14) dialog: Listen, H.B. I've got a chance out  here. If you truly care about me,  don't come back anymore.
86) 17) dialog: Goodnight.
86) 29) text: Liz stands at the hospital door and sees Hellboy keel ove A few of the agents help him to the vehicles. Myers looks back at Liz. They hold each others' gaze, the unfamiliar faces filled with curiosity. Eventually, she g inside.
89) 0) text: Dozens of HELLBOY clippings flash by: tabloid headlines a with intimate images of Hellboy as a KID. H.B. at 7, at 1 dressed as a human for Halloween, Broom by his side. Myers works at a computer workstation. He brings up a small photograph in an old issue of The  Enquirer. The headline: "ARSON SUSPECT NOW WORKING FOR SE GOVERNMENT AGENCY" There's a photo of a woman, taken with telephoto lens. Another clipping: young LIZ, 11, and a photo of a tenemen building burned to the ground: TRAGIC EXPLOSION. A QUICKTIME interview pops up. LIZ, in her early twenties caption reads: ELIZABETH SHERMAN, first interview, BPRD,  PYROKINETIC. She has a POLAROID camera in her hands. Shoo one at the lens.
89) 1) dialog: I don't like the term "firestarter."  I just don't. And "Pyrokinesis" sounds  like psychosis or something. I dunno --  maybe that's right. Not being able  to let go -- (shrug) Scary. Sometimes you hear so-and-so  lost control and just exploded. (beat) They're lucky it isn't true. (looks at the camera) With me -- it is.
91) 0) text: A flashlight beam sweeps Liz's room. It illuminates a  CORKBOARD covered with hundreds of Polaroids depicting sc of everyday life. When the beam of light crosses her face, she turns slowly still asleep. As the light fades, the shadows in the room grow deeper.  Grigory emerges from a dark corner. He gazes down on the  bed, extending his right hand.
91) 4) text: Liz convulses. A small ripple of heat rises from her fore
92) 1) dialog: Sitting on some tenement steps, LIZ, age 11. Sullen, alon a gold CRUCIFIX hanging on her chest. A WOMAN -- Liz's MOTHER -- comes down the courtyard steps carrying a basket of apples.
92) 5) text: Liz turns to see them.
92) 7) text: Liz shies away from them.
92) 9) text: They start throwing stones. One hits the steps. Another m her by inches. A third hits her in the shoulder. Scared, Liz turns but a rock catches her full on the face She falls down, blood trickling from her forehead, splatt the pavement. She starts sobbing. Another rock sails acro but this time, in mid-air, it catches fire and turns to a A ripple of heat starts crawling up Liz's hands. Soon a p blue flame rings her entire arm.
92) 10) dialog: (sobbing) Not again, please, not again...
93) 1) dialog: Mommy! Mommy!
94) 0) text: Liz: outlined by licking flames!
94) 1) dialog: (panicked) Mommy! Help me! I'm burning!
94) 3) dialog: Help meee!!!
95) 0) text: Liz screams, her back arching, her body now in flames. He chest glows, silhouetting organs and ribs. The rubber bands on her wrist vaporize.
96) 0) text: The glow from Liz's room streams into the corridor.
103) 0) text: Myers looks at LIZ through a see-through mirror. She sits a bench inside a padded cell. A security CAMERA AND MONIT records her constantly. A worried-looking Dr. Marsh stands alongside him.
104) 0) text: Liz doesn't acknowledge Myers' presence. He kneels and lo up at her.
104) 2) text: Liz turns away.
104) 6) dialog: (sighs) 60% OF THE WOMEN IN THIS WORLD ARE  NAMED "LIZ".
104) 10) dialog: Doesn't sounds like him.
104) 12) text: Liz turns to the 2-way mirror. Both their reflections are there.
104) 13) dialog: Choice, huh? That's cute. I've quit  the Bureau thirteen times. I always  go back. (snaps two rubber  bands) Where else would I go?
126) 0) text: An ethnic pop song blasts from the taxi radio. Liz pokes head out of the window and shoots a Polaroid snapshot. Sh passes it to Myers:
126) 1) dialog: It feels good to be outside!! It's  been so long...
126) 5) text: He merely changes the radio station; the music stays at t same volume. Myers looks back at Liz. She is halfway out the window, sitting on the door.
126) 11) text: She takes his picture. With the cold morning wind blowing Liz's hair and the sun on her face, she looks beautiful.
126) 12) dialog: Don't get used to it.
127) 12) text: BAMMMMM!!!! He smashes a metal LOCKER with his stone hand and raises it above his head. Manning cowers, realizing that Hellboy's rage is a danger thing.
128) 0) text: A new space. Office corridors radiate out from a brass  B.P.R.D. logo on the floor. A few agents monitor computer stations and tactical glass boards. Liz and Myers walk in, carrying her suitcases. She looks  around and sees BROOM coming down the hall.
128) 2) dialog: It's only for the weekend, Professor  Broom. Then I'll be on my way --
128) 4) text: CRASH!!! Liz screams and Myers draws his gun. Smashing th a glass partition, the mangled steel LOCKER lands in the  middle of the hall in a rain of glass and aluminum studs. Next, Manning appears, retreating but unharmed.
128) 7) dialog: (to Broom) Nothing's changed. Home, sweet home.
128) 12) text: Myers holsters his gun and follows Liz. Hellboy is all al now.
129) 1) dialog: A little something I learned in  therapy. I'm depressed -- (snaps a rubber band) One rubber band. I'm impatient: two  rubber bands...
130) 0) text: A cat bats at a ball of paper. On it, two words are visib DEAR LIZ. Hellboy's tail scoops up the paper and throws i in a brimming wastebasket. He's sitting at a stainless steel desk, deep in concentra writing with evident difficulty. The floor around him is  covered with more crumpled pages. In the background, the  projector is showing DUCK SOUP. Myers pushes in a cartloa of CHILI.
130) 8) text: As he goes out, Liz appears in the doorway. Hellboy quick stops writing.
130) 9) dialog: (notices the small  feline army) Oh, my God... Look at them all! Who  had babies? C'mere, Tiger...!
130) 10) text: Liz plays with a cat. Hellboy lifts the piece of paper, w looks like a postage stamp in his stone hand.
130) 12) dialog: Well. Is it long?? I'm going out,  but --
130) 14) dialog: For a cup of coffee, but go ahead,  read.
130) 16) dialog: No. Myers is taking me.
130) 22) dialog: What did you want me to hear -- ?
130) 25) dialog: Oh, okay then. Maybe later then.
134) 0) text: Myers and Liz leave a coffee shop, strolling down the str Myers hands Liz her coffee. They chat and laugh. He pushe his Moped. She has her Polaroid with her.
136) 0) text: Liz and Myers pause at a corner, waiting for the light. T shops are closing.
136) 2) dialog: He's just pushy.
136) 4) dialog: Cocky.
136) 6) dialog: A brute.
136) 8) text: Liz half-smiles, sips her coffee.
136) 10) dialog: I know.
136) 12) dialog: Don't know. Really. I grew up with  him. (beat) I've missed him too, but now, every  time I see him, I get confused. Hardly  a day goes by he's not in my mind.  Even now, I feel he's here --
137) 0) text: Hellboy lands neatly on the adjacent roof. He looks down Myers and Liz -- Myers offers her cream and sugar.
138) 2) dialog: Coffee's warming me up.
138) 6) dialog: You offered me a cup of coffee. I've  got one, so just sit down.
140) 5) text: He watches as Liz and Myers sit on the bench.
143) 2) text: He sits by Hellboy's side as he watches Liz and Myers cha and laughing.
147) 4) text: Hellboy turns and sees -- TWO of the black B.P.R.D. Sedan cars rounds the corner. Agent Lime bounds out of one of the vehicles, grabbing My talking rapidly. Liz screams, covers her ears.
149) 0) text: The room is full of forensics people taking pictures, pic up evidence, etc. Tom Manning is there. Seeing Hellboy, h respectfully steps back. Broom's fragile body lies slumped in his chair. At his fe a pool of blood. Liz enters, then stifles a whimper. With tears in his eyes, a disbelieving Hellboy looks at L then at his dead father. He holds Broom's body close to h chest.
149) 2) text: Manning herds everybody out. From the door, Liz blinks ba tears as the red giant kneels by the body: a dog with a l master.
150) 0) text: It's raining like hell. The PALLBEARERS, Manning and Myers among them, load Broom casket into a HEARSE. Flanking it are two rows of BPRD ag The hearse doors close and the vehicle pulls away. Watching like a gargoyle from a distant roof: Hellboy. Ra bounces off his wet overcoat. Liz observes him, worried.
151) 0) text: Abe, conscious now, but still in the cast, floats upside  down, solving a RUBIK'S CUBE. Liz stands by the tank.
151) 1) dialog: I've never seen him like this. Never. (beat) Should I stay? With him, I mean?
152) 5) text: Myers spots Liz walking past the conference room.
153) 0) text: Hellboy stands before Broom's desk, pensive, his naked ch bandaged. Liz watches him from across the room. He finds Broom's ro on top of the book. Reads the underlined phrase on the pa
153) 1) dialog: Hi --
153) 4) dialog: I've changed my mind. I'll come to  Moscow. If you -- are still going --
153) 9) dialog: Red, I --
153) 11) dialog: I like that...
158) 0) text: As the plane engines DRONE, Myers supervises BPRD agents  Lime and Stone, who stencil a large crate: FRAGILE! LIVE  CARGO. Hellboy and Liz stand around a brightly-lit work table. Hellboy shows them the medieval illustration of Sammael.
160) 0) text: Myers and LIZ struggle with a Moscow map.
160) 1) dialog: (into a radio) Sparky to Big Red...
160) 2) text: Popping her head out of the window, Liz looks back at the truck bed.
162) 0) text: Liz snickers.
163) 4) text: Motors are turned off. The crate is opened. Liz peeks in.
163) 5) dialog: Come out and see.
173) 2) dialog: Marco...
173) 4) text: On the other side of the panel, Myers takes the radio fro Liz.
173) 7) text: Liz and Myers move off. Hellboy shines his light down the tunnel on the left. Agent Lime picks up the corpse and  follows.
190) 0) text: A narrow tunnel. Liz and Myers advance carefully. Just ahead, a cave-in. Pieces of ceiling, timber, coffins and corpses form a chaotic barrier. As they squeeze past.
190) 4) dialog: What -- ?
190) 6) dialog: You want to know -- Now -- ? Here?  Red, white, whatever -- Guys are all  the same.
191) 0) text: Hellboy labors up a steep slope, using rocks and roots fo handholds. He reaches a dead end and collapses, out of br Light filters through a crack in the ground; he can faint hear Liz and Myers.
192) 0) text: Liz and Myers reach a wider section of Tunnel "B". They f themselves calf-deep in brown water. Myers lights Liz's path as she steps onto a large stone.
192) 3) dialog: Oh, my God...
192) 4) text: Myers turns. His flashlight comes back on, revealing a co natural cavern. An entire WALL IS COVERED with translucen eggs. SAMMAEL is there, gnawing on a dry arm bone, with the han still attached. When the light hits his face, his milky p constrict. A snarl... A SECOND SAMMAEL emerges from the water. It shakes itself off. A THIRD ONE raise its head. Myers and Liz try to back away, but a metal wall rises ri behind them KLANKKKKK!!! They are trapped!! Myers goes to grab a set of explosive belts. Tries to set the timer. Zipp! -- one Sammael snatches them away. Myers falls to the ground, clothes torn, injured.
192) 5) dialog: (into the radio) Marco, Marco, Marco... Get your Big  Red butt over here!
194) 0) text: In an "ANT FARM" view of the complex, we see Hellboy abov pummeling and -- in the cavern below -- Liz and Myers.
195) 0) text: Dust and rocks fall from above. The four identical creatu move in on Liz and Myers. Myers shoots one in the head th times. The creature shakes off the hits as if pelted with pebbles. One of them springs. As it flies through the air, Hellboy crashes through the ceiling. He lands on top of it along  with a ton or two of stone. The creature is crushed. Two eggs glow, metamorphosing. Presto -- two new Sammaels are born. The first two Sammaels growl, joined by the two new ones. Liz sprints to safety.
195) 2) text: Hellboy scoops up Myers and deposits him next to Liz. Lit by Myers' flashlight, two of the creatures jump. One  clamps onto Hellboy's back, the other onto his leg. Hellb howls. The third one joins in, like lions dragging down a zebra. This time, though, the zebra fights back. Hellboy pulls out his gun and fires a round into the ches of a Sammael. Two eggs glow -- two new Sammaels are born. They're FIVE. Hellboy's torso is covered in blood. He falls to the grou A fourth and a fifth creature spring onto him, biting. He is in trouble. Liz watches and shivers. A ripple of heat shimmers over h body.
195) 3) dialog: (at Myers) Hit me.
195) 5) text: Liz is desperate, crying.
195) 6) dialog: Hit me -- (beat) All of my life I've run away from  it... Now I want it to happen! Do  it.
195) 7) text: Hellboy screams. Water explodes under the fighting bodies Two of the Sammaels turn their attention to Liz and Myers
195) 9) text: Liz slaps him.
195) 10) dialog: I know now: I love him. I've always  loved him.
195) 12) dialog: Go now.
195) 13) text: Myers ducks behind a rock as Liz's arms blaze with fire. The two approaching Sammaels are ready to pounce. On top of Hellboy, one of them turns its head, like a lio hearing the hunter's gunshots. A staggering Hellboy sees  Liz's body shake in a surge of white-hot energy.
196) 0) text: The screen FADES TO WHITE and then... Silence, then a pulse. A high ringing tone. A heartbeat. Hellboy pushes away the half-cooked remains of two Sammae The other creatures are little more than blackened bones. stumbles forward. No water left. Everything is half-burie in a cracked, bone-dry bed of mud. Liz lies on the ground on her side, unconscious. Myers is alive, but too groggy to even acknowledge it. We Hellboy turns around: In the eerie silence of his deafnes he sees Grigory -- LAUGHING noiselessly, witness to an ab comedy. Ilsa approaches. And -- in a simple, brutal move -- hits with a hammer --
197) 0) text: Hellboy slowly comes to. He is chained to a massive woode yoke. He takes notice of his surroundings: a large church like space, surrounded by funeral niches and statues hold swords. High columns flank huge mechanical gears. An SOLA SYSTEM MODEL takes the place of an altar. Off to one side, Ilsa uses a hammer to destroy the timers the explosive belts. Next to the main nave, Myers is tied to a stone pillar. U his feet, a blood channel, leading to the immense stone s bought from Lapikov. Liz lies at Grigory's feet. He's dressed in a ceremonial  robe and holds his leather book open. His back to Hellboy he faces a mural of the angel Abbadon holding a key.
197) 18) text: He leans over Liz, whispers in her ear: Her body arches, mouth emits a plume of energy. Grigory greedily inhales i Then she goes limp.
207) 0) text: Hellboy painfully takes Liz's limp body in his arms. Myer stands by his side. He kisses her forehead, caresses her hair, then walks dow the steps. Myers steps on something. He looks under his foot: A smas GLASS EYE. Then... out of the silence, a WHISPER.
208) 0) text: In a passageway, Hellboy carefully hands Liz's body over Myers.
213) 0) text: Hellboy lurches into the passageway and spots Myers. Pain drags himself over. Liz's body is on the floor. Manning limps in from an adjacent room. Hellboy cradles L head in his huge hand. Holds her against his powerful che and whispers in her ear. A beat or two, then a moan.
213) 1) dialog: In the dark -- I heard your voice --  What -- did you say -- ?
213) 4) text: Myers smiles. Liz looks at Hellboy for the first time as  what he is: the man she loves. A warm, gentle fire rims h body. Manning watches. Agent Myers smiles a sad smile, illumina by the flames. Hellboy and Liz kiss. The fire haloes them and builds as Waits' CINNY'S WALTZ fills the air.