6) 0) dialog: The ranch house is of adobe, solidly built, with a sod an cross-timbered roof, deep windows. A small gallery or por extends across the front. AARON EDWARDS comes through the door, attracted by the dog's barking -- and then he, too, sees the approaching horseman and comes farther out -- cu but not at all apprehensive. Aaron is a lean, weathered a tired man, with a down-swept mustache; a gentler-looking than Ethan and possibly a few years older. As he squints off, studying the rider, his older daughter LUCY, comes out to stand behind him. Lucy is from 16 to 1 a pleasant, feminine girl. She is carrying a mixing bowl  with some sort of batter in it, which she now completely  forgets to whip in her interest in the approaching strang In the next instant MARTHA EDWARDS follows the daughter o the porch. Martha is a still-lovely woman, although the y have etched fine wrinkles about her eyes and mouth, and w has worn and coarsened her hands. Those hands will never idle when Martha is on scene... And now, while she shares the family's interest in the approaching horseman, she  automatically notes that Lucy has forgotten her task -- a she takes the mixing bowl from her and stirs the batter.
9) 1) dialog: Suddenly, Martha's eyes widen as she -- even before Aaron recognizes the distant rider. Her hand goes to her mouth check the name that trembles on her lips... An instant la Aaron, too, identifies the oncoming horseman.
9) 2) dialog: (incredulous) Ethan?
9) 3) text: He looks at her, frowning, then slowly steps out onto the hard ground. Martha hands the bowl back to Lucy and follo Aaron.
10) 5) text: Ethan slowly, stiffly swings out of the saddle. Aaron and Martha exchange quick glances... troubled, puzzled. Aaron pastes on an uncertain smile as Ethan comes around his ho toward their side.
10) 6) dialog: How's California?
10) 8) dialog: But Mose Harper said...
12) 7) dialog: It was Ethan found you squallin' in  a sage clump after your folks was  massacred...
12) 18) text: He just nods, then turns to follow Aaron around the side the house toward the wash-up.
14) 3) dialog: Ben! Deborah! Bed!
14) 16) dialog: The war ended three years ago, boy!
14) 34) text: Martha reluctantly surrenders it to Debbie's eager hand. Aaron hasn't missed the word "Mexico" and looks sharply a Ethan.
14) 37) text: The two girls leave the main room. Martha and Aaron both  look at Ethan -- half expecting some further explanation. He turns from them and looks into the fire. Martha begins clear the table. Aaron gets up, takes a pipe and a spill lights it at the fire.
14) 39) dialog: They gave up... went back to the  cotton rows... So'd the Jamisons... Without Martha, I don't know... She  wouldn't let a man quit.
14) 41) dialog: (change of tone) Ethan, I could see it in you before  the war... (Ethan looks at him) You wanted to clear out!
14) 43) dialog: And you stayed out beyond all need  to... WHY?
14) 46) dialog: (straightening --  with grave dignity) You're my brother... You're welcome  to stay as long as you got a mind  to... Ain't that so, Martha?
14) 49) text: Martha resumes her activity. Ethan crosses to his pack,  reaches into it for a leather pouch, brings it back and t it onto the table. It lands with a resonant clink. Both Martha and Aaron draw close to the table. (NOTE TO WINTON HOCH: This scene should be dramatically b lighted.)
14) 55) text: Martha picks up one of the gold pieces, staring at the fa on the coin: the same as that on the medal -- staring sha then at Ethan. Aaron is examining another coin with a  different interest.
14) 56) dialog: Mint fresh... not a mark on 'em.
14) 59) text: Aaron shrugs and crosses to a barrel chair. He raises the seat and lifts out a pair of old boots, some rags of clot and then raises a false-bottom lid and drops pouch and mo belt into it. Carefully he replaces everything. During th Ethan's attention has gone to Martha's hand, to one cut  finger, its wound barely healed. He takes the hand -- gen
14) 63) text: She looks quickly at him and self-consciously tries to hi her hands, conscious of their work-worn appearance. Then for a moment their eyes meet and hold -- and a world sadness and hopelessness is in the look. Aaron closes the seat of the barrel chair.
14) 64) dialog: Time for bed...
14) 66) dialog: Night, Ethan... Come 'long, Martha.
14) 67) text: She turns obediently and follows Aaron. Ethan looks after them and waits as Aaron opens the bedroom door. Martha go into it and Aaron follows and closes the door. Ethan crosses to the lamp on the mantel, blows it out. Only the firelight strikes his face as he stares brooding at the closed bedroom door.
17) 2) text: The door is opened by Aaron -- holding a lamp and a gun. is only partly dressed -- pants, boots, undershirt. The b of light slashes across the faces of Sam and some of the behind him.
17) 3) dialog: Reverend... Come in!
18) 4) dialog: You mean those pure breds he just  bought?
18) 22) text: Martin ranges himself next to Aaron and both face Clayton
18) 26) dialog: (stubbornly) Ain't goin' volunteerin' after  rustlers without my morning coffee,  Reverend... Drink your own!
18) 37) text: Martha has left the room briefly to fetch Aaron's shirt a vest and stands behind him. Aaron drains his cup.
18) 38) dialog: Ethan, countin' on you to look after  things while I'm gone.
18) 39) text: Ethan -- cup to his lips -- looks over its rim at Martha Aaron starts to put on his shirt. Their eyes meet briefly then she looks away. Ethan sloshes the dregs of his cup i the fire -- some of it spattering Mose.
18) 44) dialog: Now, Ethan, I ain't sure...
18) 56) text: He looks past him then -- at Martha and then at Aaron.
21) 2) text: She turns and comes running back -- CAMERA PANNING -- to little group on the porch; Ben in the door; Lucy crossing the porch; Aaron and Martha at the steps.
27) 2) dialog: Think I'll see if I can pick off a  sage-hen or two, Martha...
28) 2) dialog: (still pleased with  himself) Won't go far...
29) 0) text: and FRAMING the empty holster, as Aaron pauses on the por
31) 2) dialog: (to Ben) Mind you sweep up them shavin's.
31) 4) text: Aaron stares as the boy shifts a fold of blanket, or what by his side -- to disclose Ethan's cavalry sabre. Aaron s and rubs the youngster's head, then sets out across the y
33) 1) dialog: He is walking through the scrub and brush grass, every se alive and straining. He pauses every three or four stride casting each quadrant in turn. Once he whips, gun ready, a sage-hen or quail whirrs up not far from him. He smiles grimly as he watches it fly away. He keeps on.
36) 0) dialog: with narrowed eyes slowly scanning the ground. Suddenly t head whips right. We hear a bird's sharp call.
38) 0) dialog: He squints closely at the ground from which the bird had  flown. Then slowly his eyes range toward the left.
40) 2) dialog: In the house, boy... and...
40) 3) text: He puts finger to his lips, sign for Ben to say nothing. Ben nods and goes inside. Aaron and Martha face each othe the question large on her face. Slowly he nods the  confirmation of her fears, then gently propels her ahead him through the door.
41) 1) dialog: Ben, close the shutters.
41) 4) text: One shutter closes and the bar of light they were standin in goes out. Martha, Aaron and Lucy are dark silhouettes against the red beam from another window.
44) 2) dialog: LUCY!
44) 5) dialog: Hurry, Martha... Moon's fixin' to  rise...
44) 11) dialog: Now!
44) 15) dialog: Child, child!
44) 17) dialog: There's no time...
44) 19) text: Aaron takes the child, swings her out the window.
44) 20) dialog: Down low -- go!
44) 21) text: Martha would come to the window to look out, but Aaron ba her with an arm and draws back to the side of the window watch her go... Outside the little dog barks a welcome an presumably starts to follow the girl. Aaron reacts.
44) 22) dialog: (hoarse whisper) Here dog... here!
44) 23) text: The dog whines but obeys. Aaron continues watching the ch course -- unconsciously imitating her every run and twist Then he smiles and we may see the brightness in the corne of his eyes.
44) 24) dialog: She reached the ditch...
44) 26) dialog: She'll be all right, mother... she'll  be all right.
47) 5) text: And then at the crest of the rising ground, he stops -- We see in the distance the glow of a fire leading from th barns and the hayricks and the house of Aaron Edwards. Martin runs down the slope.