10) 10) text: He goes to his saddle pack, begins unlacing it. Ben and D have inched closer -- half-shy, half-curious. Debbie's dog begins sniffing at his heels. Ethan looks do at them - not unfriendly, just a man not used to children
10) 12) text: Ben nods.
11) 2) dialog: An' she's got a beau! Kisses him,  too!
14) 6) dialog: It's not a sword, ma... it's a saber! (moving to Ethan) Did you kill many damYankees with  this sabre, Uncle Ethan?
14) 8) dialog: How many damYankees, Uncle Ethan?
14) 14) text: Ben reluctantly puts the scabbard away, turns to Ethan.
14) 15) dialog: Will you tell me tomorrow about the  war?
14) 17) dialog: It did?... Then whyn't you come home before now?
14) 19) text: As Ben reluctantly heads out with Martin, Deborah crosses Ethan's side and studies him gravely.
18) 43) text: Martha stands submissively, with her head bent, eyes aver as Ethan crosses the room to get his coat, guns, etc. Aar follows him.
21) 2) text: She turns and comes running back -- CAMERA PANNING -- to little group on the porch; Ben in the door; Lucy crossing the porch; Aaron and Martha at the steps.
31) 3) dialog: Yes, Pa... (undertone -- man to  man) An' if you see any sage-hens, I'm  ready.
34) 1) dialog: (quietly) It's all right, ma... I been  watchin'...  Only I wish...
34) 3) dialog: I wish Uncle Ethan was here. Don't  you, ma?
40) 3) text: He puts finger to his lips, sign for Ben to say nothing. Ben nods and goes inside. Aaron and Martha face each othe the question large on her face. Slowly he nods the  confirmation of her fears, then gently propels her ahead him through the door.
41) 8) text: Ben closes the shutter. And now the room is almost comple blacked out, except for the dying light filtering through the rifle ports of the closed shutters.
44) 3) text: Martha crosses the room swiftly and blows out the lamp. In the brief moment the room has been lighted, we see tha Lucy is carrying a dark shawl in one hand; that Ben is  crouched at another window -- rifle ready; and that Debor is on her feet -- standing like a child who is being dres
54) 13) text: With that he strides to the cairn, whipping a knife out. crouches over the body (O.S.) concealing what he is doing he bends to his bloody task. Sam Clayton crosses to stand behind him.
82) 13) text: Brad wipes his mouth with the back of his hand. He turns walking stiff-legged as though on stilts back to his hors He bends his head against the saddle, as though to hide h grief. Martin turns away from him and walks back to Ethan And in that moment, Brad mounts and takes off in the same direction from which he had ridden in.
123) 27) text: She looks gravely from Ethan to Martin. Then, with impass face, she bends swiftly, picks up her blanket and walks a from them to choose her own sleeping place. The two men d know what to make of it.
143) 4) text: The madwoman crouches behind one of the benches, looking them with frightened eyes.
177) 0) text: Both men are crouching, rifles ready. In the distance we their horses running off -- pursued by some yelling Coman Four or six others come into sight, heading for the cave moving cautiously, uncertainly -- not seeing their quarry Then the white men open fire and the Comanches bend low o their horses' necks and clear out of there. Ethan looks g at Martin.
186) 9) text: She sinks onto the bench.
215) 4) text: Charlie just gapes, but Clayton -- grim-lipped -- bends a meaningful glare on someone off. Greenhill looks that way