19) 0) text: As Ethan emerges he is brought to a momentary halt by sig of a couple -- Brad and Lucy -- in each other's arms, sta near the saddled horses of the posse. Clayton and Jorgens following him out, spot the couple, who now belatedly are conscious of their audience.
19) 2) text: In confusion, Lucy runs back around the side of the house Brad -- unrepentant -- grins at his irascible old man and heads for his waiting horse. Clayton chuckles and turns t Martha, who has followed them out.
24) 2) dialog: He waits grimly until he sees them coming, then wheels hi mount and takes off over the hill.
24) 9) text: Brad rides in -- shrill with anger.
24) 10) dialog: Killed every one -- an' not for food  either... Why'd they do a thing like  that?
42) 0) text: This should be an expansive view to convey the fact that posse has split -- the main group heading for the Jorgens place, Martin forking off to race alone for the Edwards r Coming toward and passing CAMERA is Martin, riding all ou Several hundred yards away and moving in a divergent dire are the others -- Brad and Charlie, Sam, Jorgensen and Ed Nesby. The men are not compactly bunched, but strung out, each taking his own best course and his own speed... As t riders pass and the dust of their passing, we see two oth riders -- Ethan and Mose -- minute specks in the distance possibly a mile or two behind.
50) 9) text: Ethan turns on his heel and walks -- CAMERA PANNING -- to where Ed Nesby has been holding the horses. Brad is alrea mounting. Mose is there too and Charlie MacCorry.  Silhou against the dawn light are the rifles in each man's saddl scabbard. Clayton is right behind Ethan.
53) 0) text: The SEARCH THEME begins as we see the riders in turn. A series of portraits of the men. CLOSE SHOT - BRAD AND CHARLIE - riding point, they come t pause, surveying the terrain ahead. Charlie, with an arm  signal, indicates he will take the left. Brad nods and he rides out to the right. THE MAIN BODY OF THE MEN, Clayton passing first, expressi resolute, competent... Then Ed Nesby and old Mose, squint at the ground as they ride, all but sniffing like an old  hound dog.
54) 10) text: Brad shifts another rock and Looks grimly upon the face ( of the dead Comanche. Then he spits at it and stands.
54) 11) dialog: (grim) Let's get along...
55) 1) dialog: (a whisper) If only she's alive... I'll make it  up to her... No matter what's  happened... I'll make her forget...  She's just got to be alive...
56) 3) dialog: It's horses, I tell ya...
57) 3) text: Martin and Brad stare at Sam -- not understanding the  question. But Mose knows what he means and studiously loo into space.
57) 6) dialog: (bewildered, angry) But... but what are we doin' then?... What are we supposed to do?
61) 2) text: Brad, who has been looking up ahead, sounds a new warning
61) 3) dialog: (tensely) Look!
66) 2) text: Mose runs over and crouches beside Ethan. Beyond Ethan is Martin, then Brad... Nesby and Charlie will rejoin the gr after an appropriate interval... with all the men shielde behind river boulders, etc.
67) 6) dialog: (staring across river) Criminy!
76) 7) dialog: (facing Ethan) Only one way you can stop me lookin'  for Lucy, mister... An' that's kill  me...
76) 13) text: He heads away, for his horse. Brad and Martin look at eac other as the full import of Ethan's footnote strikes home Then they head for their own horses.
77) 0) text: Ethan, Martin, and Brad mount. Clayton crosses to them.
78) 1) dialog: (shrill) They got to stop sometime... if  they're human at all, they got to  stop!
78) 7) text: Brad wheels on him.
78) 8) dialog: You've said that enough!... Maybe  Lucy's dead... maybe they're both  dead... but if I hear it from you  again, I'll fight ya, Mr. Edwards!
79) 8) text: He's still grumbling as he rides off. An abashed Martin r ahead along the broad trail with Brad. (NOTE: Ethan's serape, tied behind his saddle, should be  clearly seen as he rides away -- not pointed up, but visi
80) 0) text: Martin and Brad, riding in a direction opposite to that i which they had taken off -- indicating their circle route haul up momentarily as they spot Ethan, standing beside h horse, his back to them, some distance along. They turn  slightly off their course and ride out toward him.
81) 7) dialog: Why'd they break off? (no answer) Was there water in that canyon?
81) 14) text: He leads out. Brad rides up beside Martin. Again the two  exchange puzzled looks. Martin shrugs and the three conti along the broad trace of the Indian ponies into the setti sun.
82) 0) text: Ethan crouches over a small fire built into a slit trench that barely the glow of the flames can be seen. Beyond hi Martin is leading their unsaddled horses away. The men ha come to the end of another long day. Both men look up as  Brad comes over a hill slope and rides recklessly down th incline to their camp. His horse is lathered.
82) 1) dialog: (shouting it) I saw her!... I saw Lucy!
82) 2) text: Martin runs to his side as Brad slides off his mount. Ethan moves more slowly.
82) 3) dialog: (continuing) They're camped 'bout two miles over... I was just swingin' back when I saw  their smoke... I bellied up a ridge  an' they was right below me...
82) 5) dialog: No, but I saw Lucy all right... She  was wearin' that blue dress... an'  she was walkin' along...
82) 7) dialog: It was, I tell you!
82) 9) text: He can't look at Brad or at Martin. Brad can't speak -- a then finally:
82) 10) dialog: Did they...? Was she...?
82) 13) text: Brad wipes his mouth with the back of his hand. He turns walking stiff-legged as though on stilts back to his hors He bends his head against the saddle, as though to hide h grief. Martin turns away from him and walks back to Ethan And in that moment, Brad mounts and takes off in the same direction from which he had ridden in.
83) 1) dialog: He comes pounding down a slope, and he takes off his hat skims it away. He rips off a neckerchief as though to rel the rush of raging blood.
84) 0) dialog: He reaches the crest and reins in. A distant firelight is his face. He takes one moment to look down into the Coman camp o.s. Then he has his gun out. His eyes are wild, his face wet with sweat. Then he throws back his head and he  yells -- and with the yell goes charging into the camp.
86) 0) dialog: His face is red with the reflected light of the fires he passing o.s. and his eyes are alight with a crazy, savage joy. His gun cracks once, then again -- and the hammer cl on a spent shell.
88) 0) text: The distant yammering of the Comanches doesn't quite drow out one stifled scream of pain; we can surmise a scalping knife was busy in the last instance of Brad's life. Marti slumps in his saddle. Ethan listens a moment, then turns Martin.