18) 20) text: The front door opens to admit Martin, fully dressed and a with Charlie MacCorry.
24) 14) text: And with that one word, Jorgensen calls upon his son to f and they take off... fast. Ed Nesby and Charlie MacCorry  follow. Sam Clayton pauses.
42) 0) text: This should be an expansive view to convey the fact that posse has split -- the main group heading for the Jorgens place, Martin forking off to race alone for the Edwards r Coming toward and passing CAMERA is Martin, riding all ou Several hundred yards away and moving in a divergent dire are the others -- Brad and Charlie, Sam, Jorgensen and Ed Nesby. The men are not compactly bunched, but strung out, each taking his own best course and his own speed... As t riders pass and the dust of their passing, we see two oth riders -- Ethan and Mose -- minute specks in the distance possibly a mile or two behind.
50) 9) text: Ethan turns on his heel and walks -- CAMERA PANNING -- to where Ed Nesby has been holding the horses. Brad is alrea mounting. Mose is there too and Charlie MacCorry.  Silhou against the dawn light are the rifles in each man's saddl scabbard. Clayton is right behind Ethan.
53) 0) text: The SEARCH THEME begins as we see the riders in turn. A series of portraits of the men. CLOSE SHOT - BRAD AND CHARLIE - riding point, they come t pause, surveying the terrain ahead. Charlie, with an arm  signal, indicates he will take the left. Brad nods and he rides out to the right. THE MAIN BODY OF THE MEN, Clayton passing first, expressi resolute, competent... Then Ed Nesby and old Mose, squint at the ground as they ride, all but sniffing like an old  hound dog.
54) 2) dialog: This 'un come a long way 'fore he  died.
54) 9) dialog: He wants to be sure...
66) 2) text: Mose runs over and crouches beside Ethan. Beyond Ethan is Martin, then Brad... Nesby and Charlie will rejoin the gr after an appropriate interval... with all the men shielde behind river boulders, etc.
76) 2) dialog: (quietly) No need to shout, mister.
76) 3) text: The CAMERA SWINGS to pick up the figure of Nesby outstret on the ground, writhing in pain; with Charlie kneeling be him. The men cross to stand around the fallen man.
76) 4) dialog: Reckon we got to go back -- Ed's  shoulder is smashed -- bad!
112) 1) dialog: (calling it) Howdy, Mister Jorgensen...
112) 4) dialog: Got a letter here...
112) 7) dialog: For Miss Laurie...
113) 0) text: as Charlie enters, following Mrs. Jorgensen. Jorgensen  excitedly enters and closes the door. Laurie comes in fro another room. Charlie smiles and bows clumsily.
113) 2) dialog: Yes'm... Figgered it might be the  news you been waitin' for... so...
113) 5) dialog: No need to...
113) 13) dialog: (turning as if to go) Maybe I'd better be goin'...
118) 6) dialog: (delightedly) He did?
118) 17) text: Charlie crosses the room, picks up a guitar.
118) 18) dialog: (smugly) So he married a Comanche squaw...  Haw haw haw!
144) 7) text: She looks almost too obviously at Charlie, which annoys  Laurie. Laurie resumes her letter reading:
144) 14) text: Charlie hits the guitar a little stronger. Mrs. Jorgensen looks at him -- and the matchmaker is at work.
144) 16) dialog: Thought of saying 'no' never crossed  my mind, Miz Jorgensen... No place  I'd rather be than right here, right  now.
144) 18) dialog: (singing) One old boot and a button shoe One  old boot and a button shoe...
182) 2) text: Mrs. Jorgensen hurries over, beaming, to admire Charlie.
182) 4) dialog: (grinning) Yes'm... scarcely reck'nize myself...  Where's Laurie?
186) 14) text: And they are kissing through her tears when the outer doo is flung open by Charlie MacCorry. They part as he glares
186) 15) dialog: I'll thank you to leave the room,  Laurie.
186) 18) dialog: She sure is!... An' don't think your  comin' back is goin' to change it!
186) 20) dialog: What right you got to be talkin'  marriage to any decent woman...
186) 22) dialog: AND other things... Mebbe you thought  you was gettin' away with being  comical about that Indian wife you  took... I bet she wasn't the first  squaw you...
186) 23) text: Martin swings wildly but Charlie is a wily fighter. He si steps and chops Martin in the jaw and drives him against wall. Laurie runs between them.
186) 27) dialog: I ain't wearing no gun.
187) 0) text: Charlie waits assuredly as Martin follows him outside. Martin makes a wild run, swings. The blow is neatly guard by Charlie's left and countered with a crisp right that p Martin down. Martin gets to his feet, more cautiously thi time, and comes in at a crouch; he's fighting like an Ind not a white man. The men from the wedding party come out at a run.
187) 2) text: Charlie turns slightly and in that instant Martin springs and drives a straight right at his face -- almost as thou there were a knife in the hand. MacCorry stumbles back in Clayton's arms.
187) 4) dialog: (regaining his balance) No sir... pleasure.
187) 6) text: Martin waits at a crouch as Charlie comes in, feints his  right and crosses his left. It is a hard blow but Martin  recovers and waits... Charlie circles and starts to repea He feints his right but this time Martin springs in, duck and -- as the left shoots out -- he grabs the wrist and t Charlie over his head. What we are looking at, in effect, a wrestler against a boxer.
187) 9) text: Charlie is on his feet and warily starts circling -- now  trying to imitate Martin's crouch. Suddenly Martin feints right swing and connects with a solid left -- reversing t order of business. Charlie staggers and Martin follows up with a wrestling hold, leaping behind Charlie, locking bo legs around him and driving his arms upward behind his ba so that his face is in the dirt and so he could -- under  other circumstances -- be neatly and expeditiously scalpe With the hands locked, Martin then calmly draws a knife. looks innocently into the aghast faces of the crowd.
187) 11) text: With that he releases the paralyzed arms just long enough grab a lock of Charlie's hair and neatly snip it off. He stands then and laughs as Charlie lamely gets to his f easing the tortured arms. Clayton goes to Charlie's side. Laurie moves to Martin's side.
187) 13) dialog: Dunno... Seems so.
187) 15) text: Charlie frowns and looks off at where Laurie and Martin a standing.
187) 16) dialog: Ain't goin' to be any weddin' -- not  till we get a few things cleared up  'round here...
188) 0) text: The last of the wedding guests is leaving: Ed Nesby carry his bull fiddle and with his wife and daughter and two sm children preceding him out the door. The Jorgensens stand by -- trying to put a good face on t wedding debacle. Charlie MacCorry is sitting dejectedly,  studying a spot on the floor. Ethan is at the mantel. Lau is in her room -- presumably changing out of her wedding  gown. Martin is at a sink, bathing a cut on his lip. Clay still in his clerical coat, is near the door.
188) 13) text: Charlie gets to his feet and he has his gun in his hand.
188) 14) dialog: You're goin' if the captain says  you're goin'...
189) 46) dialog: Yes sir...
194) 29) text: Martin squats and starts pulling off his boots. He glance up as Charlie MacCorry comes over, an Indian blanket in h hands. He tosses it onto Martin's shoulder.
194) 30) dialog: Here... you fight like a Comanch...  Maybe this'll help ya pass as one.
194) 31) text: Then he grins and extends his hand. Martin takes it -- an they shake as Charlie pulls him to his feet. Martin drops his hat, and then -- at a crouching run -- he heads for t distant Comanche camp.
215) 4) text: Charlie just gapes, but Clayton -- grim-lipped -- bends a meaningful glare on someone off. Greenhill looks that way