54) 10) text: Brad shifts another rock and Looks grimly upon the face ( of the dead Comanche. Then he spits at it and stands.
62) 5) text: And with that yell, he drives spurs and cuts sharply at a angle to the converging Indian files -- and every man is  with him. In the next instant, the Comanches whoop and gi chase.
68) 3) text: One Comanche rides a few yards into the water, brandishin his rifle, taunting the white men. A moment later he is j by a second brave.
68) 5) text: He and Mose slowly bring their rifles to bear -- and then the two shots crack out almost simultaneously. And within split seconds both Comanches fall. The others race away. Sam comes charging over to Ethan and Mose.
68) 9) text: And he drops behind a rock as, with a wild whooping, the  Comanche forces swing from their places of hiding and hit the river. The men open fire, all but Martin, who has fro staring wild-eyed at the oncoming Comanches.
73) 2) text: Ethan snuggles his rifle to his shoulder as two other rac Comanches prepare to pick up the other dead Indian. Most the Comanches have regained the far bank now and are raci away. The firing from the Texans has stopped.
88) 0) text: The distant yammering of the Comanches doesn't quite drow out one stifled scream of pain; we can surmise a scalping knife was busy in the last instance of Brad's life. Marti slumps in his saddle. Ethan listens a moment, then turns Martin.
120) 8) text: Martin mounts and the two ride out. The Comanches stare a them suspiciously, resentfully.
123) 9) text: Now she jabbers in Comanche and, at the appropriate time, will point to the sky and imitate a bird flying.
143) 8) text: At the touch, the girl is on her feet, crouching -- one h like a claw, drawn back to rake his face. She is unmistak a white girl, but she is painted like a Comanche woman -- ears red inside, streaks of paint accenting the savagery her face. Her eyes are frightened, yet full of hate.
165) 4) text: They reach the waiting cargadores and the pack train,  surrounded by suspicious Comanches.
170) 4) text: They mount and take off, just as the vanguard of the atta Comanches swings around a point of rock and comes chargin toward the creek.
177) 0) text: Both men are crouching, rifles ready. In the distance we their horses running off -- pursued by some yelling Coman Four or six others come into sight, heading for the cave moving cautiously, uncertainly -- not seeing their quarry Then the white men open fire and the Comanches bend low o their horses' necks and clear out of there. Ethan looks g at Martin.
194) 31) text: Then he grins and extends his hand. Martin takes it -- an they shake as Charlie pulls him to his feet. Martin drops his hat, and then -- at a crouching run -- he heads for t distant Comanche camp.
196) 1) dialog: Tahbo. (A rabbit.)
203) 0) text: Martin spins and his gun is out. He fans the trigger hamm twice -- and both slugs hit Scar. As the other Comanche l in, Martin's gun speaks again. And then he is on his feet catching Debbie by the arm -- unresisting now -- and pull her after him through the camp. Shouts and cries bespeak awakening of the camp.
207) 0) text: Ethan remounts and heads around the side of Scar's tepee. In the distance we see Martin and Debbie. The Rangers,  regrouping, are charging back through the camp, driving t Comanche horse herd.