9) 3) text: He looks at her, frowning, then slowly steps out onto the hard ground. Martha hands the bowl back to Lucy and follo Aaron.
10) 10) text: He goes to his saddle pack, begins unlacing it. Ben and D have inched closer -- half-shy, half-curious. Debbie's dog begins sniffing at his heels. Ethan looks do at them - not unfriendly, just a man not used to children
10) 15) text: Ethan looks in the direction of the pointing finger.
12) 14) text: He completes unlacing the pack and takes it -- treating i as though it contained something of value. Martin watches with a touch of resentment: Ethan doesn't trust him. Ethan turns and sees the look. He doesn't care what Marti thinks, nor does he explain. Martin leads the horse off.
14) 12) text: Ethan doesn't like being called Uncle -- as we must know  from the quick look he shoots at Martin. But he acknowled it.
14) 25) text: Ethan looks at her gravely.
14) 34) text: Martha reluctantly surrenders it to Debbie's eager hand. Aaron hasn't missed the word "Mexico" and looks sharply a Ethan.
14) 37) text: The two girls leave the main room. Martha and Aaron both  look at Ethan -- half expecting some further explanation. He turns from them and looks into the fire. Martha begins clear the table. Aaron gets up, takes a pipe and a spill lights it at the fire.
14) 40) text: Ethan turns and looks at her -- still busy with her dishe
14) 63) text: She looks quickly at him and self-consciously tries to hi her hands, conscious of their work-worn appearance. Then for a moment their eyes meet and hold -- and a world sadness and hopelessness is in the look. Aaron closes the seat of the barrel chair.
14) 65) text: He picks up one of the lamps and starts away toward their bedroom door. Martha looks at Ethan again. His expression bitter.
14) 67) text: She turns obediently and follows Aaron. Ethan looks after them and waits as Aaron opens the bedroom door. Martha go into it and Aaron follows and closes the door. Ethan crosses to the lamp on the mantel, blows it out. Only the firelight strikes his face as he stares brooding at the closed bedroom door.
18) 17) text: His eyes brighten as he looks toward the fire and spots a rocking chair. He shuffles toward it, plants himself and  begins rocking and half-crooning to himself.
18) 39) text: Ethan -- cup to his lips -- looks over its rim at Martha Aaron starts to put on his shirt. Their eyes meet briefly then she looks away. Ethan sloshes the dregs of his cup i the fire -- some of it spattering Mose.
18) 56) text: He looks past him then -- at Martha and then at Aaron.
18) 58) text: He looks at Martha again... and then strides out.
24) 12) text: Jorgensen wilts and casts an anguished look back over the miles they have ridden.
24) 23) text: Ethan just gives him an angry look and then ruthlessly be discarding every bit of unnecessary equipment from his sa
41) 2) text: Buckling on his gun belt, he moves toward the middle of t room, looking around him, taking inventory of his resourc Lucy slowly approaches, biting a knuckle, eyes wide with  fright.
44) 21) text: Martha would come to the window to look out, but Aaron ba her with an arm and draws back to the side of the window watch her go... Outside the little dog barks a welcome an presumably starts to follow the girl. Aaron reacts.
48) 7) text: Ethan turns him and drives a brutal right to his jaw. Mar goes down -- out cold. And only now do we understand how  merciful the blow was as Ethan looks compassionately at t fallen figure.
49) 2) text: He runs in, looking around him. He sees the little dog, d on the ground. And then he sees a shadowed something: The shawl Debbie had worn. It is spread out, almost as th concealing a body. Fearfully he stoops and pulls it away. There is nothing there, but the shawl. He drops to his kn his head bowed, his face tortured. The moonlight is clear the face of the nearer headboard. It is of weathered wood and the chiselled letters on it read:
50) 2) text: Mrs. Jorgensen and Laurie -- impelled by the same feminin sympathy and interest -- turn to look at Ethan and Martin The PANNING CAMERA picks them up...Ethan standing dry-eye looking at the grave of Martha; Martin -- with bruised li looking out across the plain. Clayton now opens his small, well-worn Bible to a marked  page.
50) 4) text: Ethan looks at him, angrily, impatiently.
52) 0) text: Ethan looks back at her -- stone-faced.
52) 10) text: He swings into his saddle. Laurie impulsively runs to his side, steps onto the toe of his stirruped boot and pulls  herself up to his level to kiss him hard and full upon th mouth. He looks at her dully, as though hardly conscious of it. she is back beside her mother. Martin rides away after th others.
52) 12) text: Laurie looks at her mother and understands.
54) 10) text: Brad shifts another rock and Looks grimly upon the face ( of the dead Comanche. Then he spits at it and stands.
57) 13) text: They look into each other's eyes a moment, then Sam turns mount... and the others follow. Slowly then they start ri down the slope.
59) 4) text: He looks at Clayton.
61) 2) text: Brad, who has been looking up ahead, sounds a new warning
75) 2) text: Ethan pulls the gun free and looks out across the river.
76) 13) text: He heads away, for his horse. Brad and Martin look at eac other as the full import of Ethan's footnote strikes home Then they head for their own horses.
77) 5) text: The three re-enter the river and slowly start across, wit Clayton gravely looking after them. The three riders cont across the river... and the Search Theme resumes.
81) 0) text: Ethan turns, almost startled, as the two youths ride in. His serape is no longer behind his saddle. Ethan looks at them blankly for a minute -- as though not really seeing  them.
81) 6) text: They look at him and each other -- for these are clearly  unnecessary remarks and doubly surprising coming from Eth
81) 14) text: He leads out. Brad rides up beside Martin. Again the two  exchange puzzled looks. Martin shrugs and the three conti along the broad trace of the Indian ponies into the setti sun.
82) 0) text: Ethan crouches over a small fire built into a slit trench that barely the glow of the flames can be seen. Beyond hi Martin is leading their unsaddled horses away. The men ha come to the end of another long day. Both men look up as  Brad comes over a hill slope and rides recklessly down th incline to their camp. His horse is lathered.
82) 9) text: He can't look at Brad or at Martin. Brad can't speak -- a then finally:
95) 9) text: She kisses him hard and full on the mouth -- and has no e for anyone else. Mrs. Jorgensen looks on with amusement.  Martin is just bowled over.
96) 6) text: She turns and looks at him, matter of fact.
97) 2) text: Mrs. Jorgensen looks up from her darning.
97) 17) text: Ethan takes the letter and studies it very carefully befo venturing to open it. Jorgensen is quite curious, but try not to seem nosy. The women remain at the chest -- pullin out various folded garments, etc. Finally Ethan carefully opens it and takes out a letter -- dirty as to paper, cru printed in pencil and with a horseshoe nail pinning a two inch square snip of calico to the bottom of the sheet. He reads the letter with the habitual difficulty of a man un to words and then he turns the letter, removes the nail a looks at the snip of cloth.
97) 26) text: He takes the calico snip, places it within the letter and carefully pockets it. He looks broodingly into the fire.
98) 9) text: Martin stoops to remove his boots. Ethan studies him and  looks thoughtfully after the girl and at Martin. He takes the letter out of his pocket -- as though he mea to read it -- and then he puts it back decisively. He starts to undress. Martin lies back on his bunk.
98) 22) text: Martin throws himself back, turns his face to the wall. Ethan looks soberly at him -- and is sorry for the brutal of his words.
100) 3) text: The starch goes out of him. He walks heavily to the table and sits, slumped. She looks at him compassionately.
100) 5) text: He just shakes his head, not looking at her. She lifts th food from the skillet onto a plate and sets it before him
103) 1) text: There are adjacent outbuildings and corral. Four horses a tied outside, two being pack animals. A surly-looking whi man or breed sits in a stool tilted back near the door,  whittling with a long-bladed knife, eyeing the horses  covetously. He glances aside and glares as a squaw shuffl along bearing a clumsy load of faggots on her bowed back.
104) 7) text: Ethan looks at him and beyond toward the two men.
113) 10) text: Laurie looks up then.
113) 15) text: Mrs. Jorgensen has been pulling and pushing chairs around and now they all take places. Jorgensen automatically rea for his glasses on the mantel and puts them on -- even th he isn't going to read the letter. Laurie has been sneaki looks at some of the other pages.
113) 21) text: She breaks off, looks up -- puzzled.
118) 5) text: She looks at them - dazed.
121) 4) text: He breaks and both turn as Look rides over the hill on a  little spotted Indian pony, with her squaw-bag slung up b her and her blanket over the saddle. She closes the gap  between them.
121) 6) text: Look smiles shyly at Martin.
121) 10) text: She stares and then dutifully wheels her horse. Martin an Ethan face front again. Look wheels her horse again and i right with them. Martin stops - exasperated.
121) 12) text: Look just sits.
121) 18) text: Look smiles and sets her horse in motion as Ethan moves a Martin's face is a mask of comic despair as he gives up. is mouthing the words --
123) 5) text: Look returns with the canteen, hands it to Martin and kne beside him. He looks at her sympathetically.
123) 7) text: And now Look speaks for the first time. She indicates her
123) 8) dialog: Look?...
123) 10) dialog: Nay tzare T'sala-ta-komal-ta-name...   unt kang-yah Look. (which means) (My father calls me Wild Goose Flying  in the Night Sky... but you call me  'Look').
123) 11) text: Martin looks blank, but Ethan chuckles.
123) 16) text: Ethan stares at the girl. Her face is suddenly impassive she looks from Martin to the ground.
123) 24) dialog: Mah nee-koo-ur? (meaning) (Your woman?)
123) 27) text: She looks gravely from Ethan to Martin. Then, with impass face, she bends swiftly, picks up her blanket and walks a from them to choose her own sleeping place. The two men d know what to make of it.
131) 6) text: He whips out his shinning knife and strides toward the de buffalo o.s. Martin looks after him with troubled express Suddenly he hears something, borne faint by the wind.
135) 5) text: Ethan, who has turned indifferently to leave, pauses. Martin shows him what Look had been clutching -- Debbie's rag doll.
135) 7) text: Ethan snatches it, stares at it. Then he turns and runs f the tepee. Martin stares at Look's body, then covers it w a robe.
136) 0) text: Ethan stands there, his expression bleak, looking at the  scene. Martin joins him.
139) 9) text: The officer spurs out to rejoin the column. Martin looks Ethan, his face alive with hope. But Ethan is just lookin stonily along the line of passing prisoners.
143) 4) text: The madwoman crouches behind one of the benches, looking them with frightened eyes.
143) 12) text: Martin stares at him, then realizes what he has in mind. He fishes the rag doll from under his coat and holds it o to the girl. She looks at it... and we may almost suspect is rekindling a memory -- but then she spits at it. The o girl laughs. Martin turns away and he's sick.
144) 7) text: She looks almost too obviously at Charlie, which annoys  Laurie. Laurie resumes her letter reading:
144) 9) text: That's all there is. Not a cross on it. Laurie just looks it. Jorgensen stands, pocketing his pipe, easing the cric in his back. He ceremoniously removes the spectacles and  replaces them on the mantel.
144) 14) text: Charlie hits the guitar a little stronger. Mrs. Jorgensen looks at him -- and the matchmaker is at work.
149) 2) text: The proprietor awakens. The domino game is suspended in m play. Estrella turns... and from beside Emilio, previousl obscured by the man's back and the big charro hat, pokes head of old Mose. Emilio turns then to look at the newcom
151) 13) text: Mose winces under the grip. He can't speak, but he looks  past Ethan and he points. Ethan turns. Emilio swings his  boots off the table and slowly crosses to them. He lets  cigarette smoke curl out of his mouth. Then he smiles.
151) 15) text: As the men study each other, Estrella begins her dance -- and the rhythmic click of the castanets will beat like a  metronome. Emilio looks at the bottle on the bar, disdain pushes it away and imperiously signals the proprietor to  bring something better.
152) 0) text: He is knocking off his tequila and looking at the girl  hungrily. She is doing her swaying dance, playing up to h and with unmistakable effect. He sloshes another drink in his glass and, never taking his eyes off her, downs it.
154) 4) text: Ethan and Emilio both look in the direction of his glance
159) 5) text: It is a leading question and Scar knows it. He looks long Ethan and the suggestion of a smile touches his lips. But he makes no direct answer. He looks instead to Emilio
159) 13) text: Scar looks at it greedily, then nods. He'll accept it. He looks at Ethan. Again that faintly contemptuous smile. He signals them to enter his tepee.
160) 2) text: He sits on some robes, signs for them to sit opposite. Slowly they look around them.
162) 7) text: The girl gets to her feet. Ethan and Martin watch as, sti with averted face, she crosses to where a lance hangs fro the tepee wall. It has several scalps on it, including on with light red hair. Slowly she carries it back. Scar nev takes his eyes from the faces of the white men, savoring  every moment of it. The girl extends the lance between th so that it is like a bare blade separating two duelists.  Neither Ethan nor Martin dares at first look at more than the scalp pole... Then slowly their eyes lift... and the  CAMERA MOVES IN and RAISES TO:
164) 6) text: Scar hasn't understood all of it. He scowls and looks at  Emilio.
164) 9) text: Scar looks at Ethan and at Martin. He smiles slightly, an he nods his agreement.
164) 11) text: Martin and Ethan turn to go. Only then does Debbie look  swiftly at them and as swiftly away. Martin can't help bu pause, but Ethan prods him toward the tepee flap.
166) 8) text: He digs spurs and rides out. Ethan turns and looks soberl at Martin. We hear the rest of the riders moving away. Ethan and Martin cross the sand and go down slope toward creek where their horses are waiting.
167) 5) text: He breaks and both wheel as sand slides from the top of t dunes. They look up.
168) 0) text: Debbie is silhouetted atop the dune, looking down at them
169) 3) text: She hesitates. She looks long at him.
177) 0) text: Both men are crouching, rifles ready. In the distance we their horses running off -- pursued by some yelling Coman Four or six others come into sight, heading for the cave moving cautiously, uncertainly -- not seeing their quarry Then the white men open fire and the Comanches bend low o their horses' necks and clear out of there. Ethan looks g at Martin.
179) 2) text: Martin stares at him -- and now, perhaps for the first ti he is fitting pieces into the jig-saw puzzle. He shifts c to Ethan and we see he is preparing to dig out the bullet Ethan opens his eyes and looks at him.
179) 15) text: He gets to his feet, trembling, and stands looking down a Ethan, his fists clenched at his sides and murder in his  eyes. Then his eyes rove to the knife lying on the blanke He picks it up and he looks again at the wounded man.
185) 8) text: Mrs. Jorgensen throws herself against his chest, sobbing. Ethan looks past her at Clayton. And the faces of both me are grim.
187) 6) text: Martin waits at a crouch as Charlie comes in, feints his  right and crosses his left. It is a hard blow but Martin  recovers and waits... Charlie circles and starts to repea He feints his right but this time Martin springs in, duck and -- as the left shoots out -- he grabs the wrist and t Charlie over his head. What we are looking at, in effect, a wrestler against a boxer.
187) 9) text: Charlie is on his feet and warily starts circling -- now  trying to imitate Martin's crouch. Suddenly Martin feints right swing and connects with a solid left -- reversing t order of business. Charlie staggers and Martin follows up with a wrestling hold, leaping behind Charlie, locking bo legs around him and driving his arms upward behind his ba so that his face is in the dirt and so he could -- under  other circumstances -- be neatly and expeditiously scalpe With the hands locked, Martin then calmly draws a knife. looks innocently into the aghast faces of the crowd.
187) 15) text: Charlie frowns and looks off at where Laurie and Martin a standing.
189) 0) text: Clayton stands in the opened doorway, Jorgensen behind hi looking out. Drawn up outside is the four-man cavalry det led by a young and very crisp LIEUTENANT. We may or may n see the sixth man, slouched over his horse. The Lieutenan swings off and crosses.
194) 27) text: Ethan looks long and hard at Martin, then reaches into hi shirt for the folded, dirty, dog-eared paper that was his will. Slowly he tears it into shreds.
215) 4) text: Charlie just gapes, but Clayton -- grim-lipped -- bends a meaningful glare on someone off. Greenhill looks that way