9) 3) text: He looks at her, frowning, then slowly steps out onto the hard ground. Martha hands the bowl back to Lucy and follo Aaron.
10) 2) text: His eyes shift to Martha and hold. Ethan is, and always h been, in love with his brother's wife and she with him.
10) 4) dialog: (a bit shakily) Hello, Ethan.
10) 5) text: Ethan slowly, stiffly swings out of the saddle. Aaron and Martha exchange quick glances... troubled, puzzled. Aaron pastes on an uncertain smile as Ethan comes around his ho toward their side.
11) 1) dialog: Lucy's going on seventeen now...
11) 3) dialog: That's enough... Go on inside and  help Lucy set the table... You, too,  Deborah!
12) 3) dialog: (contritely) Martin!... Here we've been standing...  Ethan, you haven't forgotten Martin?
12) 15) dialog: Supper'll be ready by the time you  wash up... Let me take your coat for  you, Ethan.
12) 17) dialog: (smiling faintly) And... welcome home.
13) 0) dialog: She stands alone, looking after Ethan -- his coat in her  arms. She holds it against her breast for just a moment a her eyes are tender.
14) 5) dialog: Not tonight... Ben, put that sword  back.
14) 9) dialog: Ben!... Martin, he'll sleep in the  bunkhouse with you tonight.
14) 10) text: Martin nods and crosses to kiss Martha good night.
14) 18) dialog: BEN!... Go 'long with Martin. MARCH!
14) 31) text: She holds it high for mother -- and all -- to see. Martha takes it and reacts at its weight.
14) 32) dialog: It's solid gold... Ethan, I don't  think she's old enough...
14) 34) text: Martha reluctantly surrenders it to Debbie's eager hand. Aaron hasn't missed the word "Mexico" and looks sharply a Ethan.
14) 37) text: The two girls leave the main room. Martha and Aaron both  look at Ethan -- half expecting some further explanation. He turns from them and looks into the fire. Martha begins clear the table. Aaron gets up, takes a pipe and a spill lights it at the fire.
14) 42) text: Martha freezes in what she's doing -- listening.
14) 47) dialog: (almost a whisper) Of course he is.
14) 49) text: Martha resumes her activity. Ethan crosses to his pack,  reaches into it for a leather pouch, brings it back and t it onto the table. It lands with a resonant clink. Both Martha and Aaron draw close to the table. (NOTE TO WINTON HOCH: This scene should be dramatically b lighted.)
14) 55) text: Martha picks up one of the gold pieces, staring at the fa on the coin: the same as that on the medal -- staring sha then at Ethan. Aaron is examining another coin with a  different interest.
14) 59) text: Aaron shrugs and crosses to a barrel chair. He raises the seat and lifts out a pair of old boots, some rags of clot and then raises a false-bottom lid and drops pouch and mo belt into it. Carefully he replaces everything. During th Ethan's attention has gone to Martha's hand, to one cut  finger, its wound barely healed. He takes the hand -- gen
14) 65) text: He picks up one of the lamps and starts away toward their bedroom door. Martha looks at Ethan again. His expression bitter.
14) 67) text: She turns obediently and follows Aaron. Ethan looks after them and waits as Aaron opens the bedroom door. Martha go into it and Aaron follows and closes the door. Ethan crosses to the lamp on the mantel, blows it out. Only the firelight strikes his face as he stares brooding at the closed bedroom door.
16) 0) dialog: She is at the window of her bedroom, wrapper clutched wit one hand, lamp upraised in the other as she stares into t dawn to see who these callers are. We hear the heavy foot falls of the approaching men, then a loud knock thrice  repeated -- an ominous sound.
18) 2) dialog: What is it, Reverend?
18) 9) text: Mose spots Martha and at once whips off his hat and makes her an exaggerated cavalier's bow.
18) 13) dialog: Coffee's made if you...
18) 24) text: Martha sets out cups on the table, begins pouring the cof During the swearing-in, Ethan will enter the room from th inner door -- unnoticed by the other men, but not by Mart And as the scene plays, the audience must always be consc of the by-play of glances between Martha and Ethan as the face the prospect of being left in this house together.
18) 37) text: Martha has left the room briefly to fetch Aaron's shirt a vest and stands behind him. Aaron drains his cup.
18) 39) text: Ethan -- cup to his lips -- looks over its rim at Martha Aaron starts to put on his shirt. Their eyes meet briefly then she looks away. Ethan sloshes the dregs of his cup i the fire -- some of it spattering Mose.
18) 43) text: Martha stands submissively, with her head bent, eyes aver as Ethan crosses the room to get his coat, guns, etc. Aar follows him.
18) 50) text: Martha waits -- intent.
18) 56) text: He looks past him then -- at Martha and then at Aaron.
18) 58) text: He looks at Martha again... and then strides out.
19) 2) text: In confusion, Lucy runs back around the side of the house Brad -- unrepentant -- grins at his irascible old man and heads for his waiting horse. Clayton chuckles and turns t Martha, who has followed them out.
19) 5) text: Mose, last to emerge, bows elaborately to Martha.
20) 6) text: He swings her up in front of his saddle. They start away. Ethan is last to ride out. He is watching Martha. He brin a gloved hand up in a salute. She starts to raise her han but only brings it just above her waist, a fluttering ges with tremulous fingers. It is the last he will ever see o her alive.
21) 2) text: She turns and comes running back -- CAMERA PANNING -- to little group on the porch; Ben in the door; Lucy crossing the porch; Aaron and Martha at the steps.
28) 1) dialog: You do that, Aaron...
28) 3) text: He steps out. Only then does Martha turn -- and her
30) 1) dialog: (sharply) Lucy!... We don't need the lamp yet...
30) 3) dialog: (easily) Let's enjoy the dusk a while.
34) 2) dialog: (quietly) What, Ben?
34) 6) dialog: NOT YET, LUCY!...
40) 3) text: He puts finger to his lips, sign for Ben to say nothing. Ben nods and goes inside. Aaron and Martha face each othe the question large on her face. Slowly he nods the  confirmation of her fears, then gently propels her ahead him through the door.
41) 4) text: One shutter closes and the bar of light they were standin in goes out. Martha, Aaron and Lucy are dark silhouettes against the red beam from another window.
41) 5) dialog: (sudden fear) Where's Deborah?... (calling it) DEBORAH!
44) 3) text: Martha crosses the room swiftly and blows out the lamp. In the brief moment the room has been lighted, we see tha Lucy is carrying a dark shawl in one hand; that Ben is  crouched at another window -- rifle ready; and that Debor is on her feet -- standing like a child who is being dres
44) 6) text: He cautiously swings the shutters open. A pale light filt into the room. We see Martha wrapping the shawl around  Deborah.
44) 7) dialog: (softly to the child) We're going to play the sleep-out  game... Remember?... Where you hide  out with grandma?
44) 9) dialog: And you'll go along the ditch -- very quietly -- like a... (her voice breaks)
44) 12) text: He reaches for the child, but he has to wait for Martha's last embrace.
44) 13) dialog: There!... And you won't come back or  make a sound... no matter what you  hear? Promise!... No matter what?
44) 18) dialog: Here she is, baby... Baby...
44) 21) text: Martha would come to the window to look out, but Aaron ba her with an arm and draws back to the side of the window watch her go... Outside the little dog barks a welcome an presumably starts to follow the girl. Aaron reacts.
44) 25) text: He closes the shutters and turns -- and his arms go aroun Martha, weeping soundlessly.
50) 2) text: Mrs. Jorgensen and Laurie -- impelled by the same feminin sympathy and interest -- turn to look at Ethan and Martin The PANNING CAMERA picks them up...Ethan standing dry-eye looking at the grave of Martha; Martin -- with bruised li looking out across the plain. Clayton now opens his small, well-worn Bible to a marked  page.