18) 11) text: Ed Nesby enters.
18) 12) dialog: Mornin'...
24) 14) text: And with that one word, Jorgensen calls upon his son to f and they take off... fast. Ed Nesby and Charlie MacCorry  follow. Sam Clayton pauses.
42) 0) text: This should be an expansive view to convey the fact that posse has split -- the main group heading for the Jorgens place, Martin forking off to race alone for the Edwards r Coming toward and passing CAMERA is Martin, riding all ou Several hundred yards away and moving in a divergent dire are the others -- Brad and Charlie, Sam, Jorgensen and Ed Nesby. The men are not compactly bunched, but strung out, each taking his own best course and his own speed... As t riders pass and the dust of their passing, we see two oth riders -- Ethan and Mose -- minute specks in the distance possibly a mile or two behind.
50) 9) text: Ethan turns on his heel and walks -- CAMERA PANNING -- to where Ed Nesby has been holding the horses. Brad is alrea mounting. Mose is there too and Charlie MacCorry.  Silhou against the dawn light are the rifles in each man's saddl scabbard. Clayton is right behind Ethan.
53) 0) text: The SEARCH THEME begins as we see the riders in turn. A series of portraits of the men. CLOSE SHOT - BRAD AND CHARLIE - riding point, they come t pause, surveying the terrain ahead. Charlie, with an arm  signal, indicates he will take the left. Brad nods and he rides out to the right. THE MAIN BODY OF THE MEN, Clayton passing first, expressi resolute, competent... Then Ed Nesby and old Mose, squint at the ground as they ride, all but sniffing like an old  hound dog.
54) 4) dialog: I don't like it.
54) 6) dialog: Injun's on a raid generly hides their  dead so you won't know how many  they've lost... If they don't care  about us knowin', it only spells one  thing... they ain't afraid of us  followin' -- or of us catchin' up  with 'em either.
54) 8) dialog: Didn't say that... (angrily indicating  Brad) What's he doin' that for...
57) 8) dialog: That makes sense to me.
66) 2) text: Mose runs over and crouches beside Ethan. Beyond Ethan is Martin, then Brad... Nesby and Charlie will rejoin the gr after an appropriate interval... with all the men shielde behind river boulders, etc.
76) 3) text: The CAMERA SWINGS to pick up the figure of Nesby outstret on the ground, writhing in pain; with Charlie kneeling be him. The men cross to stand around the fallen man.
76) 5) dialog: I can make it... just get me on a  horse...
188) 0) text: The last of the wedding guests is leaving: Ed Nesby carry his bull fiddle and with his wife and daughter and two sm children preceding him out the door. The Jorgensens stand by -- trying to put a good face on t wedding debacle. Charlie MacCorry is sitting dejectedly,  studying a spot on the floor. Ethan is at the mantel. Lau is in her room -- presumably changing out of her wedding  gown. Martin is at a sink, bathing a cut on his lip. Clay still in his clerical coat, is near the door.
188) 1) dialog: (a grin) Well... it was a nice weddin' party...   considerin' no one got married...  'Night.