24) 23) text: Ethan just gives him an angry look and then ruthlessly be discarding every bit of unnecessary equipment from his sa
87) 0) dialog: He stands apart, warbow drawn and arrow notched. He relea it at his running target. We hear its impact and a high g of pain... and then the jubilant, yammering yells of othe Comanches.
91) 0) text: Again we study the hooves of two horses, fighting their w up a rocky slope and past a thorn bush on which -- flutte in the mountain wind -- is a torn scrap of scarlet cloth  with a bit of beadwork or Indian decoration.
159) 2) text: Scar's hand moves to the scar on his face, and a finger r along it.
159) 3) dialog: Your name - Big Shoulders... His  name - He Who Follows.
159) 5) text: It is a leading question and Scar knows it. He looks long Ethan and the suggestion of a smile touches his lips. But he makes no direct answer. He looks instead to Emilio
159) 6) dialog: (in Comanche) Ah-we pabbo-tie-bo ee-kee-tay? (Why did you bring  the gringos here?)
159) 11) text: One of the Mexicans comes on the trot, leading in the  palomino. Emilio makes a gesture -- giving it to Scar.
159) 13) text: Scar looks at it greedily, then nods. He'll accept it. He looks at Ethan. Again that faintly contemptuous smile. He signals them to enter his tepee.
160) 0) text: A small fire burns in the center of the lodge and a shaft sunlight strikes in from the smoke flap at the peak. Two chunky squaws, who have been tending the fire or grin corn in a rock pestle, scuttle to a side of the tepee. Tw others, one half-grown and the other slightly taller, sit with their backs to the fire, huddled over some leather w or stitching. Both are shawled. As Scar enters, he barks word to the squaws near the fire.
160) 1) dialog: Pie-kay! (Clear out!) (then he turns to the  white men) IH-CARD! (Sit!)
162) 3) text: One of the squaws turns -- and even in the shadows we see is another Indian face. The other does not turn. Scar leans in, blocking the view.
162) 4) dialog: Two sons -- killed by white men...  For each son, I take many scalps... (in Comanche) Mayah-kay zee-eh!... (Bring the lance!)
162) 5) text: The slightly smaller of the young squaws stiffens but doe move. Scar glares.
162) 6) dialog: (louder) MAYAH-KAY ZEE-EH!
162) 7) text: The girl gets to her feet. Ethan and Martin watch as, sti with averted face, she crosses to where a lance hangs fro the tepee wall. It has several scalps on it, including on with light red hair. Slowly she carries it back. Scar nev takes his eyes from the faces of the white men, savoring  every moment of it. The girl extends the lance between th so that it is like a bare blade separating two duelists.  Neither Ethan nor Martin dares at first look at more than the scalp pole... Then slowly their eyes lift... and the  CAMERA MOVES IN and RAISES TO:
163) 1) dialog: (in Comanche) Pie-kay! (Go!)
164) 2) text: Scar's eyes are mocking. He lets his robe slip back from shoulders, revealing a bare bronzed chest on which -- gli in the reflected firelight -- is the medallion that Ethan had given Debbie. It is suspended by a chain or rawhide  string. Scar touches it.
164) 3) dialog: This before?
164) 4) text: Ethan smiles -- and he's still playing poker. He stands.. and the others follow. Scar is puzzled.
164) 6) text: Scar hasn't understood all of it. He scowls and looks at  Emilio.
164) 7) dialog: (in Comanche) Ee-sap! Pabbo-tie-bo ee-sap! (He lies! The gringo  lies!)
164) 9) text: Scar looks at Ethan and at Martin. He smiles slightly, an he nods his agreement.
164) 10) dialog: Puetze!
194) 0) text: The camp is sleeping. A dog yaps shrilly. One of the tepe flaps opens and Scar steps out. He picks up a stone or a  chunk of wood and throws it. The dog yelps and runs off.  Scar's air is troubled, suspicious. He heads for the hors herd. The camp sleeps on.
196) 0) dialog: He stands with another Comanche -- inspecting the horse l In the near distance the dog's barking is heard -- shrill insistent. Scar, almost like an animal, sniffs the air  suspiciously. The other Comanche laughs.
196) 2) text: Scar isn't satisfied but returns to his work.
200) 0) text: as Martin enters. One robe, tossed back, shows where Scar has slept. Against one wall lie the huddled figures of tw squaws. Two other figures -- one being Debbie's -- sleep robes. Martin's eyes go to Scar's place and then rove slo and hold on:
202) 1) dialog: He looms in the flap of the tepee much as he had over the grave when he first kidnapped her. He has a scalping knif in his hand. Scar whips his arm back. Behind him we see t other Comanche -- the one from the horse herd.
203) 0) text: Martin spins and his gun is out. He fans the trigger hamm twice -- and both slugs hit Scar. As the other Comanche l in, Martin's gun speaks again. And then he is on his feet catching Debbie by the arm -- unresisting now -- and pull her after him through the camp. Shouts and cries bespeak awakening of the camp.
207) 0) text: Ethan remounts and heads around the side of Scar's tepee. In the distance we see Martin and Debbie. The Rangers,  regrouping, are charging back through the camp, driving t Comanche horse herd.