4) 0) text: As the mourners are making their way to their cars, Penny sees the groom, Eddie Sweat, and moves up to him. (Miss H is helping Chris Chenery to the car.)
4) 2) dialog: Miss Penny. Your Mama was a fine woman. I feel real bad for Mister Chenery.
4) 49) dialog: Well, I figured--
4) 51) dialog: Yes sir, Mister Hatton. Hatton sees Miss Ham and doesn’t mind a bit that she’s he his tirade; then he notices Penny.
4) 75) dialog: Yes ma’am. Penny walks to the house. Page 18 of 113 18. INT. MAIN HOUSE AT “THE MEADOW” - OFFICE -— DAY Penny sits at her father’s desk, looking out the window. Miss Ham places a stack of books in front of her. Eddie appears, hat in hand.
4) 76) dialog: Miz Chenery?...
4) 78) dialog: I’m a good groom, ma’am-—
4) 80) dialog: I’m good. I know the horses, I can feel ‘em through the brush the way a jockey feels ‘em through the reins. But I’m not a trainer. I don’t know how hard to run ‘em or how long to rest ’em. Mr. Hatton, he’s been saying all these horses would be sold. And if you want to fetch a good price they need to be fit to run. You need a real trainer.
10) 28) dialog: The colt’s on its way. Penny looks up at Jack. INT. "THE MEADOW” — MAIN BARN — NIGHT SomethingRoyal is on her side, ready to deliver. Eddie is his knees beside the mare. As is Lucien. And Penny.
10) 29) dialog: Water broke just past midnight. Any minute now. Everyone’s tense. Penny rubs a hand along the mare’s neck
10) 31) dialog: Okay, here we go. Mr. Laurin, make sure-—
10) 34) dialog: She's done it fourteen. Page 30 of 113 30. They wait, and in a rush...the COLT tumbles onto the grou Eddie and Lucien are right there to help him. The colt is RED, with THREE WHITE SOCKS and a STAGGERED BLAZE on his face. Eddie laughs and shakes his head. The colt staggers to its feet.
10) 36) dialog: Not me.
10) 38) dialog: Colt stand up that fast.
10) 41) dialog: That boy’s a whopper. They stare at the COLT, a miracle of birth, and life... Our music rises (we will have a grand SECRETARIAT theme) A MONTAGE of Penny's life and the colt’s growth, intertwi --The colt in a dew-soaked field, suckling from SomethingRoyal, as Penny watches... --Penny at home in Denver, caring for her own children, feeding them, helping them with homework, silently cringi as Jack ridicules Kate’s hippie attire; Penny soothes Kat braiding her hair and weaving in a flower; Kate loves it. --Penny, back in Virginia, touches the growing mane of th growing colt, and he surprises Penny and Eddie by nuzzlin his head against Penny’s chest. She smiles, moved... --Penny in an airplane seat, going through ledgers as she flies home; DISSOLVE THROUGH to Penny at home, doing dish picking up her children’s clothes, laughing with them as play after dinner and the girls talk on the phone; Penny doing laundry... then sitting at her desk late into the n in her office at home. The MONTAGE ENDS as Jack walks in, rumpled and sleepless in his pajamas; Penny looks up from ledgers and glances at the clock: it’s past midnight. Page 31 of 113 31.
10) 63) dialog: Ma‘ am. She gives the big horse a rub on his nose. He likes it.
10) 65) dialog: Well, he should know, ma’am. Penny smiles; then Eddie takes the chance to share someth he’s seen, with a woman he admires.
10) 66) dialog: He could be a fine one. Right now he’s all sleep and eat. But he’s got fire inside him. And you see those ears? There’s plenty in between ‘em. Red turns his head and snorts, as if to say, “darn right.
14) 0) text: The sound of the band can still be heard as Lucien (weari red, white and blue plaid HAT), Penny, Miss Ham and a you jockey, PAUL FELICIANO, 18, talk before the race. The big red horse (not wearing any head-gear) stands in t midst; nervous, fidgety. Eddie works to keep him calm whi Lucien spills all his worry onto the jockey.
20) 0) text: Penny walks alongside Secretariat, holding one of the lea along with Eddie, as the horse heads back to the barn. Be and Nack walk with her; she's stiff, struggling to be nat with two of the best reporters in all of racing.
22) 42) dialog: Reckon you heard about Bull Hancock, Ma’ am?
22) 44) dialog: Came home from your father’s funeral, and fell dead. Another dagger into Penny's soul; she doesn’t know how mu more she can take. Both Eddie and Red seem to sense this.
22) 45) dialog: I can’t speak for the ways of God, Ma‘am... But your Daddy and Mr. Bull, they lifted each other up. The way you lift me up. And lift Red up. Everything living lives from its heart. I wish I could give you something that would lift yours up.
25) 50) dialog: This saddle girth don’t fit.
25) 52) dialog: Well, it ain’t big enough for Red. Maybe he’s still hiding some fat from the winter.
27) 1) text: Magnificent! Magnificent! Next time we bury him even worse! Secretariat comes in on the other side, lathered, exhaust Eddie reaches for him as Ronnie dismounts, and the fans within shouting distance don’t hesitate to let Turcotte k how they feel...
31) 0) text: Most of the lights have been turned off for the night, th horses sleeping. But light spills from one stall. INT. AQUEDUCT RACE TRACK - STABLES - RED’S STALL - NIGHT CLOSE on Lucien's hands as he runs them over Secretariat' ankles, knees...trying to find any clue as to whether he’ hurt. Eddie and DOCTOR MANUEL GILMAN are doing the same o the other legs.
31) 7) dialog: He‘s not the one gonna get hurt, Doc. Secretariat rolls his head from side-to-side. Uncooperati Page 75 of 113 75.
31) 10) dialog: You afraid of him?
34) 12) dialog: Doc found a big abscess in Red’s lip. Probably hurting him all the way around the track. Nobody else saw it cause Red won't soften his mouth up for anybody but you.
35) 0) text: Eddie works a HOT, DAMP TOWEL under Secretariat’s tender as Lucien and Charlie watch...
35) 2) dialog: Same. Still hasn’t eaten.
42) 0) text: Penny walks up to Red’s stall. Eddie’s asleep on a cot ju outside the door. Red comes over to see her. She rubs his neck and pulls a PIECE OF CARROT from her pocket. He snif but doesn't take it. Penny exhales, concerned.
42) 5) dialog: Morning Red. How we feeling today? «..then wanders over to the feed bin. And that’s when Edd notices that the feed bin is now completely empty. He turns and sees Red’s nose is buried deep in the pail.
42) 6) dialog: Watch out, Kentucky! Big Red has arrived! RISING IN THE BACKGROUND: the strains of “MY OLD KENTUCKY HOME,” accompanied by the more than a hundred thousand fa
43) 0) text: CLOSE on Secretariat’s checkerboard blinkers as he stops the end of the breezeway, the last moment before he emerg into Derby Day pandemonium. The horse looks out over the track, the crowd, as if surveying the situation. Page 85 of 113 85. Eddie holds him by the shank lead. Charlie sits on a SILV PONY that will accompany them onto the track.
43) 2) dialog: Safe trip, boys. ».e-he unclips the lead, sending them out onto...
53) 0) text: The big horse's breath is visible against the cold air as strides along. Powerful. Awesome. The stopwatches click again... EXT. BELMONT PARK — DAY ...into the clicking of CAMERAS at a PHOTO OPPORTUNITY. P stands off Red‘s shoulder as PHOTOGRAPHERS call out for b of them... ».eand she is smiling graciously, the perfect complement the dynamic, powerful, and yes, posing animal next to her Eddie holds the lead. EXT. BELMONT PARK — BURGER BARN AREA — NIGHT ESTABLISHING of the festival area that’s set up every Jul near the front entrance to the track. Penny’s on a pay phone, talking brightly, cheerfully.
56) 0) text: The lights are on but the cavernous stands are completely empty, and a few workmen groom the racing surface, making perfect for tomorrow's race. Penny stands silently at the rail, gazing out over the endless track; she looks more a than ever. EXT. BELMONT PARK -— STABLES - NIGHT Penny moves up to Red’s stall; Eddie stands from his cot, leaves her alone with her horse. He’s lazily munching foo not looking at her now; she knows she’s talking to hersel
58) 0) text: Eddie and Charlie lead Red to the walkway, as Lucien watc
63) 0) text: Eddie pulls the familiar blue and white checkerboard blin tight on Secretariat’s head. The horse’s nostrils flare, he’s ready to rumble. His breathing is already audible. Eddie’s securing the massive saddle girth.
63) 1) dialog: Lotta track today, Red. Lotta track. EXT. BELMONT PARK -— STANDS -— DAY Penny’s standing up, already nervous. She holds a PAIR OF BINOCULARS, craning her neck toward the area where the thoroughbreds will enter... .».-then notices a gentleman is now standing next to her, looking at a RACING FORM. Hollis. Penny smiles.
64) 0) text: Fans everywhere. Pancho is out walking Sham, striking as always. A murmur rises as SECRETARIAT comes into view... The sunlight spills onto his copper skin, and he’s magnificent. Secretariat stops and looks at Sham and the other horses as if they aren’t worthy of him; Nack sees t Page 105 of 113 105. SECURITY GUARDS and COPS hold the FANS back as Eddie guid Secretariat around. A GIRL 6 years old holds an INSTAMATI CAMERA to her eye to take a picture of Red as he walks by »..and he turns toward her as she clicks the photo. She pulls the camera down...and takes a step backwards toward father. ».the bugle call to post sounds... »..and Red hears it: shaking his head as if he can't wait get out to the track; his eyes sharp, his muscles taut.