2) 0) text: More people are gathered in small knots of mumbling mourn in the house’s expansive main room. Jack has returned fro his phone calls and is talking with HOLLIS CHENERY, 50, Penny’s brother. He’s a tall man, soft from a life of des work, sorting through investments.
2) 1) dialog: The farm won’t bring much. I'd rather be liquid and have the money in stocks. When this Vietnam thing ends I see a bull market. Penny spots him and moves up; they hug.
2) 3) dialog: You just saw Father? She can only nod. Her eyes find her children, standing at the window and looking out at the horses in the fields an wishing they could be anyplace but here.
2) 4) dialog: I hadn’t realized how quickly he was losing it. When I’d call, it would always be Mother on the phone.
2) 8) dialog: Seventy percent, Penny. If he dies before we can restructure assets into shelters, we could lose almost everything.
4) 15) dialog: Doctor says there may be some brief moments when he’s aware of things, but we shouldn’t expect much. Especially after this. He takes a drink; he needs it. Page 11 of 113 ll.
4) 16) dialog: Practical thing would be to put him in a nursing home.
4) 18) dialog: The farm needs to go. I just checked the books, it’s been losing money for years. No reply. Hollis knows his younger sister can be stubborn
4) 19) dialog: Look, I know you loved this place, we all did, okay? But he made it work, he once made lots of things work. He’s not that man anymore, and we have to face facts. To run a racehorse business you need a certain touch. I’m a stockbroker and you're a housewife. He takes another drink, and Penny's eyes move from him to Jack and their children, visible through the door into th next room. Jack is on the phone, while the kids look thro old photo albums. Jack hangs up and moves in to join them
4) 28) dialog: We need to file right away to get his power of attorney. Miss Ham says he tried to sell four of his best horses last month, for half of what they're worth. Mom had to step in and stop him. Now...
5) 32) dialog: You fired our trainer?! Page 22 of 113 22.
5) 34) dialog: I stayed for a meeting and it’s a good thing I did! We need a trainer in place! How could you fire him?
6) 1) dialog: I don't know any more about horses than you do! But I know we need a trainer to keep the horses fit enough to unload them.
6) 3) dialog: Well... at least Bull Hancock knows what he’s doing and our father trusted him. The estate tax will kill us, Penny-- do you realize that? When Dad dies, we're out of time and it’s a fire sale. silent, trying not to show her anger in being on what she already knows.
6) 4) dialog: Look, I know this is a strain for you, being away from home. Just find a nurse for Dad and you can get back to Jack and the kids. I gotta go. eff again, leaving Penny with the whole mess.
9) 7) dialog: This is a big call, the foal could be worth a great deal. I checked with some of Phipps’s people, they think he wants Hasty Matelda’s foal. So that’s who we'll choose.
9) 9) dialog: Don’t be ridiculous. You think you know more than Ogden Phipps’ people?
9) 11) dialog: What would you do, Mr. Hancock?
9) 13) dialog: I’m asking you as my father’s best friend for your best opinion.
10) 6) dialog: Well, that’s that.
10) 8) dialog: You got what nobody else wanted. Time to go home. Hollis leaves.
22) 0) text: Penny is sitting alone at her father’s desk, trying to collect her strength; she looks up to see Jack entering. Then Hollis walks in just behind him; Penny stands and hu them both. Miss Ham has been at her desk, weeping with her own grief she moves to the door between her office and Penny’s, clo it so they all can have privacy.
22) 9) dialog: It’s family business. And last time I checked Jack and your children were still part of the family.
22) 14) dialog: We're in a crisis, Penny! What better time is there to talk sense? The word makes Penny’s eyes flame. Jack tries to sound reasonable.
22) 16) dialog: Six millions dollars, Penny. And neither of us has a fraction of that money.
22) 18) dialog: I had an appraisal done, and that won’t get us close to what we need. ..-But there is another option.
22) 21) dialog: So we sell the horse. We'll talk about the farm later.
22) 23) dialog: You just heard how much money we need!
22) 25) dialog: Look, we all respect what you did, but we’re out of time! Business hasn’t been great for me lately. The farm and the horses, they’re our father’s legacy. We play this wrong it could amount to nothing! (MORE)
22) 26) text: Page 54 of 113 54 HOLLIS (cont'd) It's time we get smart. Put the money into some good safe stocks.
22) 28) dialog: If I have to challenge you in court, I will. And my lawyer tells me I’m likely to prevail. Jack can’t look Penny in the eye. She moves to the door.
22) 32) dialog: Last year he already had dementia!
22) 35) dialog: Well Penny... you better find six million dollars before you race him again. And if he loses one of those races? You won’t see a cent. None of us will.
22) 37) dialog: Why?! Why do you need to?! For a past that no longer exists? Our father was a great man, but we can’t bring him back!
22) 39) dialog: Okay, Penny. Fair enough. But if you stumble and fall, you don’t just make us fools, you make us beggars. Now only Jack and Penny remain, in hard silence
63) 3) dialog: Yeah, well, got a tip on a horse. They share a smile.
66) 0) text: Anticipation is running white hot. Nervous applause from key spectators: Penny and her entire family. Miss Ham. Hollis. Seth. Ogden Phipps... .--E.V. Benjamin, John Galbreath, and a couple other SYNDICATE MEMBERS. Everyone’s here on this day.