1) 0) text: Penny leads her family inside; old friends of her parents gathered in groups throughout the main rooms, there to pa their respects. MISS HAM, mid-60’s, with Old Virginia manners, moves immediately to greet her with a genteel hu
1) 1) dialog: Penny, Darlin’, I’m so so sorry.
1) 4) dialog: Of course, please use my office. Jack hurries off without a word. Miss Ham’s eyes, full of wisdom and sympathy, drift back to Penny.
1) 6) dialog: She was making your father his sandwich, and just fell over. The doctor said she didn’t suffer. She looked peaceful, even there.
1) 8) dialog: He keeps asking, Where is she? I’m not sure if he means your Mother, or you. Miss Ham looks down a long hallway, where none of the gue have gone. Penny turns to her daughters, and speaks quiet (The boys have already approached the food table.)
1) 10) dialog: Come on, Girls, let’s get you something to eat. As Miss Ham ushers the girls away, she glances back once to Penny. We FOLLOW PENNY, as she moves down the long hallway, line with pictures of racehorses, toward the door at the end. Page 6 of 113 As she walks, MEMORIES OF HORSERACING--wild, vibrant, colorful--bang into her spirit, colliding and contrasting with the somber gray of her life in general and this mome in particular. We see WHAT SHE SEES IN HER MEMORY: --A little girl--Penny, at 6--standing at the rail of a racetrack, beside her tall, handsome father--CHRISTOPHER CHENERY--in the prime of his life, as the crowd thunders around them... --A pack of racehorses rounding a turn and heading into t home stretch, hooves pounding, muscles rippling, colors flashing, the horses thundering toward the wire. Her father’s horse wins, and BULL HANCOCK {a friend we’1l com know) claps him on the back in celebration. Young Penny looks up at her Dad; he smiles down at her, a takes her hand.
4) 8) text: Page 10 of 113 10. BULL HANCOCK (cont'd) if you or your family have any questions, Miss Ham has my number. He starts away, then turns back.
4) 39) dialog: Thought you'd like a pick-me-up. Two sugars and a cream?
4) 41) dialog: It's how your Daddy likes it. You doin’ all right, Honey?
4) 43) dialog: I have something else for you. When the doctor sent back her effects, I brought them in to your father. He took this out and handed it to me. She hands Penny a small decorative pin of a horse and joc
4) 45) dialog: No. He didn’t believe it was me he was giving it to.
4) 47) dialog: He thought I was you. All he said was, “Penny.” {beat) I’1l see you back at the house. Page 15 of 113 15. Miss Ham is starting away, to leave her in solitude, when DOWN THE BREEZEWAY: a commotion as the farm’s trainer, Ca Hatton, yells to Eddie Sweat, the groom, who has led up a horse to saddle it for morning exercise.
10) 50) dialog: I have one. How much did you spend on that hat? The colt and rider (JIMMY GAFFNEY, a lanky, tough exercis rider in his early 30’s) ride up toward the trio.
10) 54) dialog: The Jockey Club insists on unique names; I keep sending ’em and they keep rejecting ‘em. I’ve tried Something Special, Royal Line, Deo Volente...
10) 56) dialog: Yeah. And God may have been willing but the Jockey Club wasn't. I’1l keep going through the dictionary til something clears.
10) 61) dialog: Mon dieu. EXT. ”’THE MEADOW” - MAIN BARN — DAY Eddie Sweat is washing down the big horse. Penny walks up
14) 0) text: The sound of the band can still be heard as Lucien (weari red, white and blue plaid HAT), Penny, Miss Ham and a you jockey, PAUL FELICIANO, 18, talk before the race. The big red horse (not wearing any head-gear) stands in t midst; nervous, fidgety. Eddie works to keep him calm whi Lucien spills all his worry onto the jockey.
14) 10) dialog: What’s wrong?
14) 13) dialog: Good. She heads off to join Penny. Lucien, baffled, follows. EXT. AQUEDUCT RACE TRACK —- RAIL ON THE STRETCH - DAY A young sportswriter, BILL NACK (early 30's), studies the racing form as he leans against the rail. Page 38 of 113 38. ANDY BEYER {late 20’s, racing analysis whiz kid from New York) settles in on the rail next to him.
15) 0) text: Penny, Lucien and Miss Ham stand by the rail to watch as. AT THE STARTING GATE, the last horse is loaded in. The yo jockey, Feliciano, tries to calm the big horse.
16) 13) dialog: Well this explains a couple things.
17) 5) dialog: I just called to confirm your flight out. They’ve cancelled it due to weather. Penny winces; Kate’s play is tonight. Page 42 of 113 42. INT. JOCKEY’S ROOM - NEW YORK RACE TRACK -— DAY RONNIE TURCOTTE, 30ish, a tough-as-nails Canadian jockey, prepping for his next race, like a football player readyi for kickoff. A JOCKEY’S ATTENDANT answers a ringing phone JOCKEY’S ATTENDANT Yeah. Hang on. (yells to...) Turcotte! You got a call from Lucien Laurin!
19) 22) dialog: I think he walks like... like a woman with big boobs! They all gawk at her...howl with laughter. We launch into MONTAGE OF VICTORIES: Secretariat blasts past one finish line after another (always starting dead last), and Penny back in the winner’s circle, receiving a different set of flowers every time; and each time Secretariat poses, then nuzzles Penny and ruins another new dress. Ronnie’s white silks are covered in mud after every victory.
21) 11) dialog: It’s your father, Honey. He’s had a stroke. I’11l get Lucien and Ronnie. INT. HOSPITAL ROOM — NIGHT Penny is alone at her father’s bedside. He’s comatose, monitors beeping, a ventilator softly sucking. Penny knee beside him; maybe she’s praying, or maybe the weight of l has bent her over. She lifts her head, looks at her fathe strokes his limp gray hair.
22) 0) text: Penny is sitting alone at her father’s desk, trying to collect her strength; she looks up to see Jack entering. Then Hollis walks in just behind him; Penny stands and hu them both. Miss Ham has been at her desk, weeping with her own grief she moves to the door between her office and Penny’s, clo it so they all can have privacy.
22) 31) dialog: Last year Mr. Chenery had me witness him signing a provision that while both of you are beneficiaries, dispersal of the farm would be left to Hollis. Decisions regarding the horses would be left to Penny.
22) 33) dialog: He was of sound mind when he signed it. I’d swear to it. In court.
22) 64) dialog: I’ve got Howard Keck on line one, Bunker Hunt on line two. Ladies and gentlemen, start your engines. CLOSE as they push the buttons on each phone. Penny, standing, cradles the receiver to her ear...
24) 5) dialog: 
24) 6) dialog: Jock Whitney called. He’s ano. Paul Mellon’s on line three. INT. MAIN HOUSE AT “THE MEADOW’ - OFFICE - DAY Penny, phone to her ear, glances at the sheet of paper th holds the tally. Page 61 of 113 61. The “yes” column doesn’t have a single mark in it yet. Th "no” and “maybe” columns are filling up.
24) 8) dialog: So how many times were you called little lady today? A tired smile from Penny.
24) 10) dialog: So I’ve been thinking. Maybe all we need to do is find one man willing to do this, somebody the others would feel safe in following. A big, big name. Penny looks at Miss Ham.
25) 30) dialog: The Wood is in New York. You're gonna need a new dress. The phone rings; Penny answers, as Miss Ham studies the T article.
25) 46) dialog: There are some words of wisdom that have sustained me through my darkest times... If you wouldn’t mind I'd like to share them with you.
25) 48) dialog: They are: “Good evening, K-Mart Shoppers.” As Penny’s face brightens from Miss Ham’s spirit-- CLOSE ON NEW HIGH HEELS, and great legs walking confident as we pan up on Penny, looking stunning in a new dress-—- a discount store. And we see that it’s the glow inside a woman, not the dress, that makes her beautiful. Miss Ham walks confidently beside her; they are Page 67 of 113 67. INT. AQUEDUCT RACE TRACK — PADDOCK AREA -— DAY Penny and Miss Ham are walking up to where Lucien (wearin yet another garish hat), Eddie and the other handlers are working to get ready. Penny rubs Secretariat's nose.
53) 2) dialog: How you holding up? When Penny doesn’t answer, Miss Ham lifts Penny’s sunglas and sees her eyes rimmed with tears.
66) 0) text: Anticipation is running white hot. Nervous applause from key spectators: Penny and her entire family. Miss Ham. Hollis. Seth. Ogden Phipps... .--E.V. Benjamin, John Galbreath, and a couple other SYNDICATE MEMBERS. Everyone’s here on this day.
66) 31) dialog: Come on, Red! Go! Go! All the blocd has drained from Pancho Martin’s face. SECRETARIAT crushes ahead, farther and faster than anyone could have imagined.