17) 6) dialog: Tell him my race is in ten minutes, I’11 call him back! ».-he grabs his helmet and whip... EXT. NEW YORK RACE TRACK — DAY .»..and he’s on top of a horse named OVERPROOF as the tig packed field heads down the backstretch. Everything is a more drab, non-descript: Turcotte’s clothing, the horse’s silks, etc. And we get a first-hand look - much as we did in Red's ra at Aqueduct - of the hand-to-hand combat that exists in t trenches of thoroughbred horse-racing. Banging. Jostling. Dirt everywhere. Turcotte reaches up with his hand and quickly flips up one of the FIVE SETS OF GOGGLE LENSES th protect his eyes from the dirt. He still can’t see much. The horses enter the homestretch, Overproof boxed in on t rail. Turcotte gives him the whip... Overproof responds, surging forward, eyes wide, nostrils flared... Then it happens in an instant. Overproof lurches to his right and collapses, slamming Ronnie to the ground with h And a heartbeat later every horse that was behind them is thundering by, one of them stepping on Turcotte. A FEW MINUTES LATER, track medics are loading Turcotte in an ambulance. He’s badly banged up. A couple of jockeys a the attendant are there to see if Turcotte’s still alive.
18) 2) dialog: I'll be ready, why wouldn't I be? Penny likes this answer.
18) 4) dialog: Lucien dit c’vrais. Lucien told the truth.
18) 6) dialog: That you're hard as nails. Miz Chenery, I risk my life every time I climb on a horse. I’m not afraid, neither are they; I want to win just like they do. My last horse wanted to win so much his heart burst. It’s who they are. It's who I am. You want somebody else, get somebody else.
19) 9) dialog: Okay, Red...go get em. Ronnie chirps, and there is a SUDDEN SURGE as Red’s shoul begin to pump and he bulls his way through the gap, knock the two horses aside with ease.
19) 16) dialog: I was there long enough! Secretariat, full of pride and the fire of victory, is actually turning his head toward each photographer. Nack Beyer are among the reporters.
21) 0) text: Celebration time. Penny, Lucien and Ronnie are wrapping u dinner of cheeseburgers. Penny lifts her coke in the air.
21) 2) dialog: And to Red’s owner, who took on the old boys.
21) 8) dialog: I’1l be ready. A WAITRESS comes by and drops off the check to Penny. Luc and Ronnie make a half-hearted effort to reach for their wallets.
26) 6) dialog: Settle down boy.
27) 1) text: Magnificent! Magnificent! Next time we bury him even worse! Secretariat comes in on the other side, lathered, exhaust Eddie reaches for him as Ronnie dismounts, and the fans within shouting distance don’t hesitate to let Turcotte k how they feel...
27) 4) dialog: He just didn’t fire. And he didn’t sound right.
27) 6) dialog: In his other races he breathed like a freight train--whoom, whoom! This time he sounded...thin. Penny pats Red on the neck, genuinely worried about him.
28) 7) dialog: I rede him the same way I always do.
28) 10) dialog: Do what you think’s right, ma’am, but there isn’t a jockey out there who knows this horse better than I do.
43) 1) dialog: Let him sit for a minute, Eddie. He likes to take it all in. Ronnie rubs the big horse’s neck as Secretariat looks one and then the other, adjusting to the setting. The sound is palpable as Turcotte and Charlie exchange a quick, nervous glance. Red gives a toss of his head. And Ronnie nods toward Eddie...
44) 4) dialog: Take it easy with him. Little anxious today.
44) 6) dialog: Settle down... The announcer, CHIC ANDERSON (pronounced “Chick”)...
44) 21) dialog: Come on, boy. Go! Turcotte moves Red into fourth place, into third (on the outside). But he still trails SHAM, LEADING THE FIELD and running beautifully as they head into the stretch.
45) 6) dialog: Okay, Red...go!
46) 0) text: And we see the big horse, on his side, snoring in his sta All is fairly dark as we move along the slumbering mass, arrive upon... ».-Penny, Lucien and Ronnie sitting at a table (illuminat by a dim light up above), each with a STYROFOAM CUP OF COFFEE.
46) 2) dialog: That’s when it happened, yes ma’am. Every one of those horses was holding back, I mean really holding back, afraid to take the lead. All packed in, right on the rail. EXT. PIMLICO - TRACK — DAY .».-and the next ten seconds are jaw-dropping. Big Red mo to the outside...
46) 4) dialog: All my years of riding, I‘ve never moved past that many horses that fast. Dead last to first in 200 yards. Page 92 of 113 92.
47) 2) dialog: Any other race we'd have been home free, but I knew Sham was still back there. I wasn’t worried about anyone else. The two horses storm ahead, Secretariat still holding a steady lead over his powerful rival. INT. PIMLICO - STABLES —- NIGHT {HOURS AFTER THE RACE)
47) 4) dialog: Just let me run, boss, don’t worry.
48) 1) dialog: The one thing you can never give a horse is a killer instinct. They’ve either got it or they don’t. And with Red, I’ve never once had to use the whip. FROM THE STANDS: Penny watches as Red heads for home.
49) 1) dialog: So we’re in the stretch and that’s when I hear it... Page 93 of 113 93
50) 1) dialog: ».-Pincay going to the whip, trying to get one last burst out of Sham. .».-and Sham is moving. But Red pins his ears back and surges...
50) 2) dialog: But Red? He just starts moving on his own. Two lengths ahead, then three. Everything in control, not a worry in the world. +..and the crowd roars as Secretariat cruises toward the finish line. Winning.
51) 2) dialog: No. Never look back. A hint of a smile from Penny.
51) 5) dialog: {to Lucien, in French) You sure you want to talk about this now?
51) 7) dialog: Let her celebrate. There's no hurry to... Page 94 of 113 94.
52) 0) text: Secretariat (Ronnie onboard) runs a training workout, fly through the morning chill... .»..the TRACK REPORTERS’ stopwatches click in unison, rig through to Lucien, Penny and Seth; who hold stopwatches t
62) 0) text: CLOSE on a pair of hands...holding the most garish HAT ye WIDER to reveal Lucien, sitting with Ronnie in a separate section of the room.
62) 5) dialog: Bonne chance.
66) 15) dialog: Easy, Red. But Secretariat is running silky smooth as he and Sham be to pull away from the field. Penny watches, while Pancho Martin gets a nod and a smile from the COLLEAGUE next to It's already a two horse race.
66) 19) dialog: Come on, Red! And it’s in that moment that Ronnie and Secretariat move the lead... »..drawing a deafening roar from a hundred thousand delir racing fans.