3) 5) dialog: moves his white knight and takes Macadam's black bishop, setting it beside many other black pieces.
3) 6) dialog: Check. Kronsteen clicks a timer.
3) 12) text: The waiter sets a glass in front of Macadams then turns t Kronsteen and puts a glass of water and a mat in front of
3) 13) text: Kronsteen stares at the waiter, whose hand still grips th glass. The hand backs away and Kronsteen picks up the gla and the mat. He starts to drink then looks through the gl We hear the clock still ticking.
3) 17) dialog: sets the glass down and dabs the mat against his lips. Meanwhile Macadams looks at the chessboard. Kronsteen tea up the mat.
3) 22) text: Kronsteen picks up a white piece then glances at Macadams Macadams looks back. Kronsteen sets the piece on the tabl looks again at Macadams and clicks the timer.
3) 29) dialog: stares back at him, eyes unmoving. Macadams' hand reaches forward and touches the top of the black king.
3) 31) dialog: stares at him.
3) 34) text: Kronsteen releases Macadams' hand and, as we CRANE DOWN, away from the table. A SPECTATOR reaches out to give hima handshake but Kronsteen ignores him and keeps walking.
5) 0) text: A GUARD with a machine gun over his shoulder comes downst Kronsteen following and looking around. The guard rings a doorbell to Blofeld's cabin. Kronsteen looks back and see SECOND ARMED GUARD coming down the stairs.
6) 26) dialog: They will be. According to your instructions, I have planned for SPECTRE to steal from the Russians their new Lektor decoding machine. For this we need the services of a female member of the Russian cryptograph section in Turkey and — - uh —- the help of the British Secret Service.
6) 27) text: Listening, she looks up at Kronsteen.
6) 28) dialog: (continuing) Naturally, neither the Russians nor the British will be aware...
6) 30) dialog: (continuing) ...that they are now working for us.
6) 42) dialog: 
6) 44) dialog: (tapping a cigarette against its case) Yes, it is, because I have anticipated every possible variation of counter -move.
6) 48) dialog: For the simple reason that it is so obviously a trap. (he starts to put the cigarette into his mouth then lowers it) My reading of the British mentality is that they always treat a trap as a challenge. And in any case, they couldn't possibly pass up even the slightest chance of getting their hands on a Lektor decoder. They have wanted one for years.
6) 52) dialog: As an added refinement, I think that SPECTRE would probably have the added chance of a personal revenge for the killing of our operative, Doctor No. Because the man the British will almost certainly use on a mission of this sort would be their agent, James Bond.
6) 56) dialog: Good. I shall put my plan into operation straightaway. looks at Kronsteen. 11.
6) 57) dialog: 
6) 58) dialog: And there will be no failure.
93) 0) text: Blofeld swivels forward to face Kleb and Kronsteen. 133.
93) 2) dialog: He was Kleb's choice. Her people failed.
93) 4) dialog: Impossible. It was perfect.
93) 6) dialog: Who is Bond... compared to Kronsteen? Blofeld continues stroking his cat.