1) 0) text: - WIDE MOVING SHOT: Bond, dressed in a tuxedo, walks acro bridge and down some steps as if stalking someone. He loo - CLOSE SHOT: The feet of another man, wearing sweat -pan and soft shoes, walk forward. - CLOSE SHOT: Bond turns forward again, looks around and continues walking. - CLOSE SHOT: The other man's feet walk quietly up some steps. - WIDE MOVING SHOT: Bond runs down a tree-lined path towa statue, hears a bird coo and looks back. - WIDE SHOT: The other man is crossing the bridge. He is DONALD GRANT. He stops and looks in front of him. - MEDIUM SHOT: Bond, holding a revolver, moves toward som trees. - MEDIUM SHOT: Grant stops on the bridge, looking forward then cracks a branch of a tree. - BOND stops suddenly at the sound. He looks back, pauses thinking, then continues walking. - GRANT watches, then moves forward and - GRANT'S FEET walk forward but stop, pivot back and walk different direction. - MEDIUM MOVING SHOT: Bond looks back, walks forward, hea bird cooing again, looks back, then walks forward again. - WIDE ANGLE: Bond stops moving and peers behind some bus Grant crosses in f.g. holding one arm out. - BOND fires a revolver. - GRANT stops at the sound then turns and looks back. 2. - BOND, still holding the revolver, moves behind a statue continues on. - GRANT keeps looking back. - BOND walks forward glancing around anxiously. - WIDE MOVING SHOT: Grant walks toward a fountain in f.g. Bond following, then Grant passes it and moves on. - BOND emerges from behind a tree, looking in Grant's direction. - WIDE ANGLE: Bond peers behind another tree then continu forward. PAN OVER to reveal Grant waiting in f.g., concea by more trees. - CLOSE SHOT: Grant pulls a garrote from his watch. - MEDIUM MOVING SHOT: Bond turns a corner, still looking around. - FRONT ANGLE: Bond steps forward. Grant suddenly emerges from the trees behind him and whips the garrote around hi neck. Bond clutches at it helplessly as Grant strangles h and they drop to the ground. Behind them, the lights of SPECTRE House go on, revealing MEN OF THE SPECTRE PARTY, standing on a terrace. The men forward.
1) 5) text: lies motionless on the ground. Morzeny's hand reaches dow and pulls a mask off his face, revealing an UNIDENTIFIED who has been disguised as Bond. TILT UP to reveal Morzeny Grant walking away toward the house.
3) 11) text: The spectators look on murmuring. A WAITER approaches the table with a tray containing two glasses.
3) 12) text: The waiter sets a glass in front of Macadams then turns t Kronsteen and puts a glass of water and a mat in front of
3) 13) text: Kronsteen stares at the waiter, whose hand still grips th glass. The hand backs away and Kronsteen picks up the gla and the mat. He starts to drink then looks through the gl We hear the clock still ticking.
3) 22) text: Kronsteen picks up a white piece then glances at Macadams Macadams looks back. Kronsteen sets the piece on the tabl looks again at Macadams and clicks the timer.
3) 27) text: The spectators murmur in anticipation.
3) 34) text: Kronsteen releases Macadams' hand and, as we CRANE DOWN, away from the table. A SPECTATOR reaches out to give hima handshake but Kronsteen ignores him and keeps walking.
5) 0) text: A GUARD with a machine gun over his shoulder comes downst Kronsteen following and looking around. The guard rings a doorbell to Blofeld's cabin. Kronsteen looks back and see SECOND ARMED GUARD coming down the stairs.
6) 0) text: ROSA KLEB is looking into a desktop aquarium. She moves backwards looking down at it.
6) 8) text: watches the aquarium.
7) 5) text: The masseuse massages Grant's back.
7) 7) text: Morzeny and other SPECTRE men, including RHODA, approach helicopter as it lands.
7) 19) text: Kleb, Morzeny and Rhoda walk across the grounds.
8) 0) text: Kleb, Morzeny and Rhoda walk along a series of galleries men fire at targets. Other men in judo garb break cinder blocks in f.g. In another gallery, a man fires a flame- thrower at a running man. Two men fight with knives. In y another gallery, men practice judo.
8) 4) text: Kleb, Morzeny and Rhoda walk away as the mayhem continues
9) 0) text: The threesome approach around a grove of trees and turn t face the Lake. Grant reclines on his back as the masseuse works on one o arms. A trampoline and barbell lay nearby. The masseuse looks up at the visitors. Kleb takes a step forward.
12) 0) text: Tania walks up a cobblestone path to a policeman and show the piece of paper.
14) 0) text: A punt glides by with a MAN and YOUNG WOMAN inside. He is piloting.
14) 12) text: Bond climbs out of the punt with his jacket, then turns b
17) 0) text: Unseen by Bond, 'M' stands with Miss Moneypenny at a fili cabinet behind the door. 'M' holds a file marked 'SECRET. They look up. Bond tosses his hat at a hat-rack and it lands perfectly hook. He turns to Miss Moneypenny and begins to close the door.
17) 5) dialog: 
17) 17) dialog: it You're booked on the eight-thirty plane in the morning. If there's any chance of us getting a Lektor, we simply must look into it.
17) 19) dialog: over Bond's shoulder. tM! Just see that you do. He presses a switch on his intercom. it Miss Moneypenny, ask the Equipment Officer to come in, please. (he releases the switch) Q Branch has put together a smart looking piece of luggage for us.
17) 52) text: Pipe in his mouth, 'M' looks up at Bond, removes the pipe blows out smoke.
17) 63) text: it All the same, take it with you. WIDE ANGLE OVER 'M's SHOULDER it Good luck, Double-o-seven.
17) 65) text: He returns the pipe to his mouth and looks down at the fi
18) 0) text: Bond enters from 'M's office flipping the padded door shu behind him. PAN WITH HIM as he walks to Miss Moneypenny's desk and sets the briefcase down.
19) 0) text: A plane lands on a runway marked '2.' PAN ON IT as the no wheel touches down.
20) 0) text: A number of AIRPORT OFFICIALS look out the windows.
21) 0) text: Bond, wearing a grey suit and holding his briefcase, walk through the lounge, surrounded by other passengers. He passes a CHAUFFEUR who stands holding a glass at a dri tray manned by a DRINK SELLER. The chauffeur sports a mustache and wears a grey suit, black tie, cap and gloves
21) 2) text: CHAUFFEUR (cont'd) (to the drink seller, in Turkish) Tesekkir ederim. Bond stops and looks back. The chauffeur
23) 0) text: The chauffeur is in f.g., Bond behind him in the back sea Bond waves his hat across his face against the heat. Thro the rear window we see the Citreon following.
25) 0) text: The Rolls continues past some buildings and continues dow open road. The Citreon keeps following.
26) 3) text: CHAUFFEUR (cont'd) They are Bulgarians working for the Russians. They follow us, we follow them. It's a sort of understanding we have.
28) 0) text: PAN ON THEM as the chauffeur leads Bond through the Bazaa It is filled with people and Bond glances back at some of them. They continue past us and walk off.
29) 0) text: The chauffeur leads Bond through the shop to a door cover a hanging tapestry. Salesmen are showing rugs to customer
29) 1) text: The chauffer pulls a cord which retracts the tapestry, revealing a door. He opens the door to reveal an office. Bond starts to step inside but stops, seeing KERIM'S MIST within. She is picking up a hat, dons it and walks toward doorway straightening the shoulder of her blouse. DOLLY B as she exits past Bond pulling her skirt down and straightening her hat. 35. Bond steps into the office followed by the chauffeur.
30) 0) text: PAN ON BOND as he walks in, the chauffeur following. The office is well-appointed with curtains, pillars, and a la bed with a golden cover that KERIM BEY is straightening. turns to Bond.
31) 0) text: The Rolls Royce drives through an archway and down a stre [Mistake: there are no passengers.] The Citreon immediate follows. 38.
33) 0) text: DOLLY IN on Bond as he enters carrying his briefcase; the chauffeur follows carrying Bond's suitcase. They stop at front desk. A MALE CONCIERGE turns to Bond; there is a FEMALE RECEPTI behind him.
34) 0) text: The porter opens the door for Bond. Bond enters, crosses room and drops his briefcase on the bed. He hears the por clear his throat and turns back.
35) 0) text: A whistle sounds as the Citreon drives up and stops at th curb. Grant emerges. PAN ON HIM as he walks off removing gloves, then HOLD on the doorman.
38) 0) text: Kerim's mistress lies on a bed tonguing a string of black pearls.
38) 2) text: Kerim sits in a chair writing in a file. The mistress tur over and looks at him.
38) 21) text: PAN ON KERIM as he moves the table to one side and sets i down.
39) 0) text: Bond and Kerim walk down a flight of stairs.
39) 6) text: Kerim continues rowing them through the cistern.
39) 12) text: Bond gets out and ties the boat to a dock, then Kerim get out.
40) 3) text: Kerim raises the periscope and wipes the lens with his handkerchief.
42) 0) text: Bond and Kerim sit in back. Kerim fans his face with his Bond glances back then forward again.
43) 0) text: TWO BULGARS in dark clothes lurk in f.g. behind an archwa one of them holding a walkie-talkie. DOLLY IN THROUGH THE ARCHWAY as the station wagon drives and stops in front of a house. TWO SENTRIES approach it. 50.
43) 1) text: Bond and Kerim [actually a stand-in] get out of the car.
45) 1) text: The Gypsy man finishes talking and runs off.
45) 7) text: PAN ON ANOTHER GYPSY GIRL carrying a liquor bottle and pu out the cork with her teeth. She stops at the head table where Bond and Kerim are sitting with Vavra, the Gypsy chieftain.
45) 12) text: raises her arms above her head and swings her body erotic 52.
46) 0) text: - A SENTRY stands on the gate watching the encampment. - Krilencu's head rises over a wall looking at him. - The sentry continues watching, then glances back. - Krilencu throws a knife at him. - The knife pierces the sentry's heart and he falls dead. - Krilencu gestures to OTHER BULGARS.
46) 12) text: The two girls approach as Vavra talks to them in Romany.
46) 20) text: Bond, Kerim and Vavra watch in b.g. as the two girls face in f.g. The girls grab each other and pivot round and rou Vavra watches intently.
46) 22) text: Zora trips Vida. She falls to the ground and rolls across 55. As the men watch in b.g., Zora jumps at Vida but misses a lands face-down. Vida jumps onto Zora's back and starts t strangle her.
46) 26) text: The girls fall against a table, men scattering to make ro for them. Vida picks up a bottle, ready to smash Zora's f with it. Suddenly a GUNSHOT sounds. The girls freeze and look up. ZIP TILT UP AND ZOOM IN on a sentry on a wall falling dead in a puff of smoke.
46) 29) text: Krilencu rides in the passenger seat. Kerim fires a revolver at him. 56. Krilencu, outside the truck now, runs forward holding a revolver and fires it.
46) 34) text: Finally Kerim [actually a stand-in] shoots an oncoming Bu who drops to the ground. ANOTHER BULGAR runs toward Kerim
46) 35) text: The Bulgar jumps onto the table. Kerim upturns it, flingi the Bulgar to the ground.
46) 36) text: Kerim [actually a stand-in] fires his gun over the overtu table.
46) 38) text: Bond dashes past in f.g. A Gypsy shoots the Bulgar with t torch. From 0.S., a dagger flies at Bond. It misses him, lodging in a tent-pole. A fighting Gypsy and Bulgar fall the tent. Bond grabs the dagger and cuts down the tent on them.
46) 48) text: A caravan blazes behind them. Bond enters.
46) 58) text: Bond trips a BULGAR running by. The Bulgar falls to the ground. Bond leans down, smashes the Bulgar's head with t butt of his pistol, then runs off.
47) 0) text: PAN ON BOND returning his revolver to its holster as he w He reaches a tent where Kerim holds a bottle of Rachi.
48) 0) text: Bond sits at a bowl washing his face then picks up a towe He hears something and looks back. DOLLY BACK TO REVEAL Z and Vida entering demurely, then Kerim follows smoking a cigarette. He leans devilishly against a tent-pole.
49) 0) text: PAN ACROSS the camp as Gypsies make repairs, tend animals cook.
50) 0) text: Bond reclines on cushions with a coffee tray beside him a Zora and Vida kneel before him. Zora hands him a cup of coffee as Vida sews his shirtsleeve. Bond raises the cup but lowers it again so Vida can cut t thread with her teeth. DOLLY BACK.
51) 0) text: The station wagon waits at the porch. Kerim is in the passenger seat and his driver behind the wheel. Bond emerges from the house with Vida on his arm, followe Zora, Vavra and a GUARD. Vida takes Bond's hands, then Bo turns to the car. She calls to him. The driver opens the back door.
52) 0) text: Bond and Kerim walk round a corner. Behind them stands a story apartment house with a billboard mounted on it. The billboard contains a picture of Anita Ekberg and the words, 'HARRY SALTZMAN, ALBERT R. BROCCOLI PRESENT BOB HO AND ANITA EKBERG in CALL ME BWANA.' 64. Bond and Kerim stop at a dark alcove beside a shop and lo back.
52) 32) text: Quick! He's coming! ZOOM IN to the trap door. Krilencu peers out.
53) 0) text: Bond enters the darkened room, turns on the lights and lo around. He walks to a table where his briefcase rests, se his folded rifle on it and tosses down his key. DOLLY BACK as he slips off his shoes, picks up the briefc and rifle, walks to a couch and sits. A set of French doo behind him is open, revealing a balcony, but he doesn't notice. He sets down the briefcase, opens it, places the rifle in and closes it. Then he rises, removes his jacket and hols and picks up a telephone. 68.
53) 16) text: You look even better than yours. Much... much better.
54) 0) text: A wide shot looking at the Aya Sofia Mosque over the Bospherous.
55) 0) text: PAN ON Tania as she walks past the mosque, then HOLD. Has peers around the corner of the building at her.
57) 0) text: PULL BACK as Kerim sets the blueprint on his desk. Bond s on the edge of the desk holding the compact.
59) 0) text: The tape recorder is on 'M's' desk and he sits listening. Moneypenny sits beside him taking notes. Across the desk a NAVAL OFFICER, an ARMY OFFICER and FOUR OTHER SUPERNUMERARIES. 'M' lights and puffs his pipe. Bond and Tania's voices come through the speakers: 79.
60) 0) text: Bond sits across from Kerim's desk reading the telegram a
60) 2) text: Kerim walks up to Bond, a cigarette in a yellow holder in mouth. Kerim takes the telegram, sits on the edge of his and reads.
61) 0) text: A taxi pulls up to the curb. Bond hands the driver some m and gets out. TRUCK WITH HIM as he walks to the embassy g A PORTER opens the gate for him.
62) 0) text: Bond steps up to a DOORMAN.
63) 0) text: Kerim sits on a box looking at his watch. A detonator res at his feet. In b.g., rats scurry about through a break i the cavern wall.
63) 6) text: Bond lunges toward the gateway. A GUARD holding a gun tri to close the gate. Bond grabs his arm and makes the gun f wide. 83.
64) 0) text: Tania looks up from her desk, which she had been wiping w cloth. The Lektor sits on the desk.
66) 0) text: A knock sounds from under a trap-door in the floor. A MAN opens it. Kerim comes up followed by Tania. 85.
68) 0) text: PAN ON Kerim, Tania and Bond as they run across a platfor a train. Bond jumps over a newsrack to keep up with them. announcement is being broadcast in Turkish. Tania suddenly stops. Bond stops and runs back to her.
69) 0) text: Kerim leads Tania and Bond down the corridor.
71) 0) text: Tania wears a blue negligee and dances around humming "Th Blue Danube." Bond sits on the couch reading a newspaper. She drops down and lies across him. He wraps an arm aroun her neck.
73) 0) text: CLOSE SHOT of the wall, then TILT DOWN to reveal Bond and Tania lying on the couch. She smokes a cigarette.
75) 0) text: Seen through the open doorway of Tania's compartment, Bon Tania are dressed. She wears her long jacket and buttons Bond wears his shoulder holster and puts on his coat.
76) 0) text: The train races forward. Kerim's chauffeur stands in fron the station wagon on a cross-road watching. PAN on the tr as it passes him.
77) 0) text: She sits on the couch folding a sweater. A triple-knock sounds at the door. She gets up and unlocks it. From outside, Bond slams the door open and glares at her.
78) 0) text: The train races forward. PAN on it as it goes by. FADE IN SUPERIMPOSITION of a map of Europe and PAN across it, sho the train's route, from 'Sofiya' to 'Beograd.'
79) 0) text: The train approaches the station. The SUPERIMPOSITION FAD OUT.
81) 0) text: The train pulls into the station. FADE OUT the SUPERIMPOSITION. The train sounds its whistle. DISSOLVE T shot of the passenger windows passing by.
82) 0) text: - Grant steps onto the platform, looks around and walks o - Bond walks along an inside corridor glancing out the windows. - A man in a business suit holding a briefcase stands in station waiting. He is NASH.
83) 0) text: Bond and Grant face each other. A conductor guides some passengers in b.g.
83) 31) text: Bond watches him.
86) 11) text: The waiter picks up something.
87) 0) text: Bond walks down the corridor carrying the Lektor, opens t [unlocked] door to Tania's compartment and goes it. She follows, tipping from one wall to the other.
87) 30) text: Grant pockets the money, then takes Bond's silencer from another pocket and rises aiming his gun at Bond.
87) 35) text: (kneeling with his hands in his pockets) Red wine with fish. That should have told me something.
89) 0) text: TWO PORTERS run toward the truck calling out in Turkish. Rhoda gets behind the wheel as one of them goes to the passenger door. They move to push the car off the tracks.
90) 14) text: PAN on them as they run along the tracks to the truck. Bo lifts Tania into the bed of the truck atop the flowers. 126.
92) 0) text: The truck drives down a road and stops at the jetty where motor launch waits. It bears four fuel drums. Bond emerges from the truck wearing a skipper's cap. He g the Lektor, briefcase and rifle and hurries to the back o truck, where Tania was riding.
96) 30) text: Bond stands in f.g. with his arms raised as Tania and Kle stand in b.g.
97) 0) text: A flock of pigeons fly into the air. FOLLOW THEM as they cross the canal. Matt Monro sings "FROM RUSSIA WITH LOVE.
97) 1) text: TILT DOWN from a bridge above the canal to gondolas strea forward.