1) 2) dialog: approaching followed by the other men.
1) 4) dialog: (to Grant) Exactly one minute, fifty-two seconds. That's excellent.
1) 5) text: lies motionless on the ground. Morzeny's hand reaches dow and pulls a mask off his face, revealing an UNIDENTIFIED who has been disguised as Bond. TILT UP to reveal Morzeny Grant walking away toward the house.
7) 7) text: Morzeny and other SPECTRE men, including RHODA, approach helicopter as it lands.
7) 8) dialog: Hurry. Kleb emerges from the chopper.
7) 9) dialog: (to Kleb) Welcome to SPECTRE Island. A great honour. I hope you had a pleasant flight. 12.
7) 12) dialog: His dossier.
7) 16) dialog: Bring him to my office, will you? Morzeny touches Kleb's elbow as if to escort her; she bac away repulsed.
7) 18) dialog: (pointing) Through the training area.
7) 19) text: Kleb, Morzeny and Rhoda walk across the grounds.
7) 20) dialog: This Grant's one of the best men we've ever had. Homicidal paranoiac, superb material. Though his methods were a little crude, his response to our training and indoctrination have been remarkable. 13.
8) 0) text: Kleb, Morzeny and Rhoda walk along a series of galleries men fire at targets. Other men in judo garb break cinder blocks in f.g. In another gallery, a man fires a flame- thrower at a running man. Two men fight with knives. In y another gallery, men practice judo.
8) 1) dialog: I hope our work here meets with your approval?
8) 3) dialog: I agree. We use live targets as well.
8) 4) text: Kleb, Morzeny and Rhoda walk away as the mayhem continues
9) 2) dialog: Grant! Grant jumps to his feet and stands attention. Kleb looks him then removes her purse from her shoulder. Grant walks up to the visitors. He stops in front of Kleb stands at attention. Kleb circles him, looking him over. she does, she puts on a knuckle duster. When Kleb arrives in front of Grant again she suddenly pu him hard in the stomach. He barely flinches. 14.
94) 11) dialog: The other two boats are right ahead, chasing Bond's boat b.g. On each bow a man crouches with a machine gun. MORZENY (filtered) We're coming through! Pull over, SPECTRE Green! (lowers the megaphone and waves) Get out of the way! His boat passes between the other two.
94) 12) dialog: (to a man behind him) Give them a warning shot! The man behind him fires a rifle grenade.
94) 29) dialog: raises a pair of binoculars. He sees the drums in the wat
94) 31) dialog: (to skipper) Slow down! The three boats pass one of the fuel drums. ZOOM BACK to wide angle.
94) 32) dialog: Slow down all boats! Green, go alongside, while we keep you covered. 139.
94) 34) dialog: Hands up, Mister Bond! Bond raises his hands as Tania looks back.
94) 38) dialog: Keep your hands up, Mr. Bond. We're sending a boat along to take you off.
94) 44) dialog: (yelling at another boat) Green, change your course! - The other boat passes through deep smoke and, when it emerges, the man on the bow is gone. - Morzeny yells at the others:
94) 45) dialog: All boats, toss your ammunition! Get rid of it -- quick! - PAN across a boat on fire. - Morzeny stands on his burning boat, waving back at the boats.
94) 46) dialog: Get rid of it! - On another boat, the man on the bow shields his face ag the flames. - Flames engulf Morzeny's boat. - It passes through more fire. - Fire burns on the water. - Morzeny calls to his men.
94) 47) dialog: Quick as you can! Let's jump! - His boat passes into a cauldron of flame. - Morzeny is ablaze. He falls backwards into the water.
94) 48) dialog: (screaming) Ahhh! - His boat explodes.