68) 6) dialog: Kerim stands on the steps with a PORTER on the platform b him.
68) 8) dialog: Bond and Tania jump aboard and the train starts to move. and the other man look on in f.g.
76) 0) text: The train races forward. Kerim's chauffeur stands in fron the station wagon on a cross-road watching. PAN on the tr as it passes him.
78) 0) text: The train races forward. PAN on it as it goes by. FADE IN SUPERIMPOSITION of a map of Europe and PAN across it, sho the train's route, from 'Sofiya' to 'Beograd.'
79) 0) text: The train approaches the station. The SUPERIMPOSITION FAD OUT.
79) 3) dialog: comes to a stop at the platform. Bond immediately alights reaching inside his coat.
79) 5) dialog: Bond walks past the train putting a cigarette in his mout Through the windows behind him we see Grant inside follow him. Bond stops and looks back. Grant disappears behind a partition. Bond walks forward again. Grant again follows. Nearing the end of the train, Bond stops and looks around people walking by
79) 6) dialog: Mahmet, holding a cigarette, hurries to Bond.
80) 1) dialog: Passenger windows fly by, many with people looking outsid
81) 0) text: The train pulls into the station. FADE OUT the SUPERIMPOSITION. The train sounds its whistle. DISSOLVE T shot of the passenger windows passing by.
82) 1) dialog: Grant puts a cigarette in his mouth and walks purposefull through the station past many people. He reaches Nash. We see them speak and gesture but we don hear them. They start walking forward. Grant tosses his cigarette as pulls a pair of gloves from his pocket and puts them on. They turn to the restroom. Grant pats Nash on the back an Nash goes in first. Grant looks around then follows.
82) 2) dialog: Bond steps onto the platform, looks around and starts wal
82) 4) dialog: Bond walks forward looking around. Grant passes him. Bond looks down at Grant's briefcase. Grant backs away a bit t stops and looks at Bond. He walks up taking a cigarette c from his pocket. A gush of steam from the train drowns them out so we only them speak and gesture. At the end of their conversation, a whistle sounds. Bond gestures to hurry. Grant boards the train and Bond follow The conductor closes the door and the train starts moving
85) 0) text: The train races by.
88) 0) text: We see the truck now in f.g. There is a bed of flowers in back. The driver —- Rhoda —- stands next to it waiving to approaching train to stop. The train slows and sounds its whistle. The train wheels grind to a halt.