38) 14) dialog: Why are you following me? Pi turns - Anandi stands before him, her friends a short distance behind her, eavesdropping.
38) 16) dialog: You were following me.
38) 18) text: What does this mean? Pi vaguely imitates the hand gesture - pinching the tips his fingers together - that he saw Anandi use in the danc rehearsal. Anandi stares at him, bewildered.
38) 23) dialog: No - that also means the lotus flower.
39) 0) text: Pi and Anandi stand at the Bengal Tiger cage, Pi proudly introducing Anandi to the zoo's finest exhibit.
39) 3) dialog: No, he heard something - he's listening. You see? Pi beams.
40) 0) text: Pi sits at dinner with the family, a half-smile on his fa obviously lost in thoughts about Anandi. Father's voice gradually breaks through into Pi's consciousness.
41) 0) text: Pi and Anandi sit together on the crossbeams beneath the dock. Anandi takes a length of colored silken threads, ty them around Pi's wrist to serve as 'Rakhi' - a sisterly blessing for protection on his journey.
51) 0) text: The deck of the ship is dark. Pi steps out into a bracing rain and walks to the rail, wind whipping his hair. He laughs, exhilarated, as rain splashes over his face. Thro arms wide, Pi dances in imitation of Anandi's dance, slip more than once on the rain-soaked deck, shouting in giddy adolescent triumph.
113) 2) text: You know, my father was right. Richard Parker never saw me as his friend. After all we'd been through, he didn't even look back. But I have to believe that there was more in his eyes than my own reflection staring back at me. I know I felt it - even if I can't prove it. I just wish... (Beat. He sighs.) You know, I've left so much behind. My family, the zoo, Anandi, India - I suppose in the end the whole of life becomes an act of letting go. But what always hurts the most is not taking the moment to say goodbye. I was never able to thank my father for all I learned from him, to tell him that without his lessons I would never have survived... And I know he's a tiger, but I wish I'd said: 'It's over. We've survived. Thank you for saving my life. I love you, Richard Parker. You will always be with me. May God be with you.' The Writer shakes his head, astonished. WRITER