2) 0) text: A modest row house. There is a French influence to the de along with books and artwork that celebrate the spiritual PI PATEL (50 - intelligent, Indo-Canadian) cooks an India meal. The often-skeptical WRITER (late 30s, a disheveled French Canadian), watches Pi.
43) 0) text: The family stands in the mess hall line along with the CR The FRENCH COOK, a grizzled and thoroughly unpleasant man loads a plate and slides it over the counter to Mother. T meal consists of liver and onions, sausages, and rice soa in gravy. Mother points at her rice.
43) 3) dialog: (Thick French accent:)
43) 6) text: (Quickly switching to French:) No, I want something vegetarian. I- The cook takes her plate, sets it on the counter in front Father. The following takes place in French (subtitled). FRENCH COOK
43) 8) text: She asked if you have something vegetarian. FRENCH COOK
43) 10) text: Very funny. But she doesn't eat liver. FRENCH COOK
43) 11) text: (Getting irritated:) Then she can eat the sausages, the rice, the gravy. (To Mother:) Or you can go cook your own food. FATHER
43) 12) text: How dare you talk to my wife like that? The cook shoves a plate of plain rice over the counter. FRENCH COOK
43) 13) text: Here's your rice. I cook for sailors, not curry eaters. Father grabs the cook's forearms, yanking him halfway ove the high counter. FATHER
43) 14) text: What did you call us?? FRENCH COOK
43) 18) dialog: I feed people! You feed monkeys!
53) 14) text: Hey! You! What are you doing?! FRENCH COOK
53) 16) text: Tie it down! Tie it down! FRENCH COOK
53) 17) text: (to the sailors:) Jump! Jump! The sailors look towards the upper deck. Pi follows their looks and watches in horror as a zebra launches itself ov the side of the ship, careening through the air toward th safety of the lifeboat. The French cook staggers backward jumps out of the way, falling to the water below. Pi thro up his arms as the life boat starts to drop. The zebra ar through the air, missing the tarp, landing on the exposed stern with a sickening thud, shattering the rear bench. T force sends the rig lines spinning. The lifeboat plummets to the water below. The impact spin around, nearly washing Pi overboard. He is left clinging the back of the tarp, the zebra on the floor of the lifeb before him. As the lifeboat drops down the side of the sw Pi slides to the front of the tarp. The Tsimtsum's propel rises behind him. As Pi steadies himself, a swell lifts the lifeboat, crash it onto the deck of the Tsimtsum. It drops back into the rolling over completely. The vessel instantly rights itse the lifeboat is designed to be virtually unsinkable. Pi l on the lifeboat's floorboards, next to the zebra.
117) 13) text: My wife is here. Would you like to stay for dinner? She's an incredible cook. WRITER