4) 15) dialog: Timothy, honey -~ can you not do that right now? We're trying to hear about the storm. (to her husband) Sure you don't want me to drive, George?
4) 17) text: GEORGE (CONT’D) (cont’d) * Oh boy! The minivan veers across the road -- Alice yells out -- But George isn't panicking -- He's mumbling to himself - GEORGE (CONT'D) (cont'd) * Turn into the spin. Apply the brake with short firm pumps. Check mirrors. George corrects the tail spin and brings the vehicle safe onto the soft shoulder -- He's even remembered to indicat
5) 1) dialog: What is that?
9) 0) text: Night has fallen and the rain’s gotten harder. George bol pathetic “mini tire” onto the van, a flashlight propped o the ground. Alice stands over him, holding an umbrella looking skeptical.
9) 1) dialog: Why didn’t we get a better spare?
9) 3) dialog: Don’t be defensive.
9) 5) dialog: (sighs) You want a juice?
9) 9) text: She's hurtled through the air -- Timothy’s eyes are contorted with terror -- His mouth opens -- but no sound comes out -- George is sent tumbling -- and Alice lands beneath a road sign, her neck slashed open -- And the car, a limousine, screeches to a standstill -- George rolls over onto his front to see his wife's crumpl body. He runs to her, still holding the jack handle -- Th only sound is Timothy's strange voice-less crying -- and distant thunder... : GEORGE (CONT'D) (cont'd) Alice! Oh, my God -- He turns back to the limousine -- It's motionless and qui George runs to it and starts pounding on the dark windows GEORGE (CONT'D) (cont’d) What have you done?! WHAT HAVE YOU
13) 0) text: Now the rain slashes down -- The limo screeches into the motel lot -- And George clambers out, holding Alice -- WE FOLLOW him -
21) 1) text: . George eases Alice onto the bed -- Little Timothy hover | the doorway. George tries to offer him a smile as he pr a towel to Alice’s neck. He gestures, beckoning Timmy ins GEORGE . Come in, Timothy. We don't want mommy catching a chill. AE, The boy enters nervously. George pulls out a medicine D with a spoon rubber-banded to the side. GEORGE (cont’d) Here. You need to take your medicine. Then we'll read a book. cur TO:
22) 0) text: George eases Alice onto the bed -- Little Timothy hovers the doorway. George tries to offer him a smile as he pres a towel to Alice’s neck. He gestures, beckoning Timmy ins
34) 0) text: Larry watches, disgusted and facinated as -- Ed ties off last stitch in Alice's neck with BLACK THREAD.
36) 2) text: jm 3/11/02 30. George finishes making the bed around a sleeping Alice. Rhodes enters with Larry. Rhodes steps forward, taking Alice’s pulse. Timmy watches him. As does Ed.
38) 2) text: jm 3/11/02 32. ALICE... Her breathing steady, but weak.
50) 0) text: TERRIFIED CHAOS -- They’re all gathering at the door to r three -- Ed, Larry, Paris, Ginny, Lou, George, Timothy an Alice in the bed -- everyone except Rhodes and Maine -- W CUT IN mid-action -- Everyone talking over each other --
82) 0) text: Alice’s breathing is labored. She looks into the next roo watching Timothy, who is watching Paris, who is staring restlessly out the door. George is kneeling at the tv, trying to coax a signal.
82) 1) dialog: (very quiet) «..Timothy... Timothy turns. Steps toward his mom. Tears in his eyes. Alice smiles, tears coming to her eyes. She takes his han
94) 0) text: Alice lies motionless on the bed. Timothy is crying in th corner. He looks terrified.
94) 2) text: Ginny pulls him away as -- Ed starts CPR on Alice. Paris and Rhodes watch, the room in chilled silence... Rhodes looks downward at the floor. He picks up the klink thing that fell to the ground... IT’S ANOTHER ROOM KEY. Ed stops the CPR. It’s no use. Out of breath, Ed looks to room key in Rhodes’ hand. IT IS NUMBER SIx. * ED (cont'd) * That doesn't make sense. * .--She died from an accident. *
102) 0) text: Paris, Ed and Larry enter Larry's office... The windows a shattered. Water dribbles from the ceiling. The storm is getting worse. They move to the doorway of room four. THE BED IS EMPTY AND MADE -- AND ALICE’S BODY GONE. THERE IS A LOUD BANG. The screen door slams shut from the rising wind. THE DOOR TO ROOM FOUR IS THROWN OPEN. The li dim brown and come back. Ed looks to Rhodes.