2) 0) text: | ‘The MAN ON THE SPEAKERPHONE paces 8 déserted marble” l Out an archway, we can see the rain pouring down. Holding cel and a briefcase, he’s a young lawyer who we’1ll call ASSISTANT D.A. They punted it to Judge Taylor an hour ago, Gary. ‘Told him if he wanted the execution to go forward, he'd have to hold an evidenciary tonight. *
29) 0) text: A DISHEVELED MAN wanders down a long hallway toward A BAL He appears a bit lost. DISHEVELED MAN . I’m sorry. I’m here for an emergency hearing in the Rivers case. I’m afraid I’m a bit late due to the weather and I’m not sure where -- I understand it’s in the Judge’s chambers but -- The Doctor fumbles, holding out an I.D.
76) 1) dialog: «--Well. That was a fuckin’ drive. THE JUDGE, an older man with a sunbaked complexion steps his office, hanging up his coat. He looks into the confer room and glares at the Detective, the Doctor, the Baliff the D.A. They all rise.
76) 3) dialog: -..Gentlemen. (smiles) Well. Let’s get on with it then. Shall we? (looks to the stenographer ) -+-You ready, Sharon? (she nods) Alrighty... In the matter of Malcolm Rivers vs. the State of Nevada, for purposes of evidenciary review as proscribed by the Supreme Court of the State of Nevada, this hearing recognizes --
76) 6) dialog: He has precious few rights. He’s twenty four hours from execution.
76) 8) dialog: 
76) 12) dialog: DO YOU KNOW WHAT TIME IT IS? ‘YOU THINK I GOT TIME FOR BULLSHIT!? I’m sure you're pleased those justices dragged -me into an review of a case I already presided over, I already decided -- but I am pissed off and insulted, okay! -- So, when your boy gets here, do whatever you want with him--- but in the name of decency, state your goddam case! (leans back, spent) Someone get me a coffee -- black. The Assistant D.A. looks pleased with the Judge’ disposit The Judge nods to Sharon, who begins typing again.
92) 3) dialog: He signed a confession, counselor. The detective holds up the confession. It is. signed with a crude ’X”.
92) 26) dialog: «»-Any trouble? The guard shakes his head. JUDGE (CONT'D) (cont'd) Bring him up. A clock in the judge's office strikes twice. It is two am
109) 53) dialog: He knows you. ED'S POV -- The Doctor looking right at him. Assured.
116) 0) text: Malcolm sits in the chair... Smiling sernely... Squinting as if staring into a bright light... The Assistant D.A., the Detective, the Judge and Sharon t stenographer all sit in stunned silence... Contemplating to which they've just beared witness...
117) 1) dialog: ...In the matter of Rivers vs. Nevada, it is the reccomendation of this court that Mr. River’s execution be stayed. I am tranfering him to State Psychiatric services under the care of Dr. Mallick... eee eH He Parked in the center of the courtyard is a black van. And there is the Doctor, exhausted from the long night, waiti with two guards... A set of security gates open and Malcolm is escorted towa hwe car by two more Guards... -- Malcolm is secured in the rear of the van with the * Doctor... A second guard starts up the van... * And the van pulis out slowly... *