36) 10) text: To say anything about a client would violate the tenets he lives by... 21. The Protagonist GLANCES at the Woman... whose fingers are casually INTERTWINED. The Protagonist brings his free han to hold the gun in both hands, fingers INTERLACED...
42) 0) text: The Protagonist admires the paintings on the walls. The d opens and the Young Woman from the school gates comes in, dressed for business. This is KAT BARTON. She looks bemus but gives him a genuine and friendly smile -
104) 0) text: The Protagonist GUNS his boat hard, carving a GLITTERING across the calm harbour. Kat sits, enjoying the speed. The Protagonist pulls up alongside the yacht, CREW MEMBER SCRAMBLE, unaccustomed to unauthorized approaches. The Protagonist follows Kat's gaze to a FIGURE above, but the is behind it. Kat steps onto the yacht. The Protagonist gives the figure a JAUNTY SALUTE. No response. The Protagonist ZIPS back towards shore, passin the yacht’s launch. He waves at Volkov.
141) 12) dialog: Nobody talked. They’re running a temporal pincer movement. Ives is next to the Protagonist, ready to help Neil...
141) 14) dialog: A pincer movement. But not in space - in time. Half his team moves forwards through the event - he monitors them, then attacks from the end, moving backwards. Knowing everything.
141) 23) dialog: She’s going to die.
141) 27) dialog: That takes days - The Protagonist points at the turnstile -
141) 29) dialog: We took control of this machine minutes ago - before that it’s Sator’s.
141) 33) dialog: Chances of what? We’ve got no way to bring you back.
141) 35) dialog: A week ago? Where? The Protagonist looks at Neil - they have the same idea -
141) 37) dialog: That facility’s impregnable. It’s inside an airport security perimeter.
141) 39) dialog: This is the proving window... as you approach the turnstile if you don’t see yourself through the proving window, do not enter the machine.
141) 41) dialog: If you haven’t seen yourself reverse-exit the machine, you won't be getting out. Okay, first in, last out. Get into the turnstile, pass through - I’1l already be there with her.
141) 43) dialog: (points) Yeah... The Protagonist turns to see HIMSELF on the other side of glass, MOVING IN REVERSE, wheeling KAT ‘TOWARDS’ THE VAUL
141) 45) dialog: Let's go! Ives OPENS the door - the Protagonist takes one last look his backwards self ‘entering’ the machine, then STEPS INS We follow him in as the door SHUTS behind him - he puts h back to the wall - the machine starts CLANKING like an MR the door opens on the other side - he STEPS OUT... To see Ives struggling with Kat - he moves to help - Neil already there (first in, last out). The Protagonist looks through the glass to where he and I now appear to be moving backwards... The Medic tends to Kat.
141) 59) dialog: You can’t stay here.
141) 61) dialog: This is cowboy shit. You have no idea what you’re getting into if you go through that door.
141) 63) dialog: Wheeler, brief him. The female Paramilitary, WHEELER, hands the Protagonist a respirator -—
141) 73) dialog: Cowboy shit. Ives and Neil are grabbing respirators...
164) 0) text: The Protagonist DRIVES, sirens blaring.
171) 1) dialog: Cough it up. It’s time. The Protagonist turns to face Ives.
171) 2) dialog: We're working our way back to the 14th. But without knowing where the dead drop is, there’s only so much I can prepare. (no response) You need me to get you there.
171) 5) dialog: Then we'd better pull it out of that hole before the bomb goes off.
177) 0) text: Soldiers in folding chairs facing a screen. The Protagoni looks around - still no Neil. Ives steps up, signals for projector: a devastated CITY, grey CONCRETE and ABANDONED industry amongst terraced strip mines...
177) 1) dialog: Stalsk-12. Hidden from the world. A city where anything can happen, and today, gentlemen, for ten minutes, it most assuredly does. Ives switches to a GRAPHIC: a childishly simple diagram o LANDING AREA, BUILDINGS, then an UNDERGROUND CAVERN...
177) 2) dialog: You were divided into two teams for a temporal pincer movement. We are Red team, moving forwards. Our friends out there - (gestures at containers) - Blue team, led by Commander Wheeler, are inverted. One hour from now, they had this briefing... INSERT CUT: Neil, in RESPIRATOR, in the front row of Commander Wheeler’s briefing of BLUE TEAM. All are in respirators...
177) 4) dialog: Then were dropped on the ridge above the hypocentre as close in time to the detonation as possible. Their objectives were clearance and clarification. This briefing has the benefit of their experience - and yes, some of you specialists are on both teams. The Protagonist overhears -—
179) 0) text: Ives gestures across the whole area on the schematic -
179) 1) dialog: The entire area is radioactive, so both teams wear full protection. To distinguish teams, wear these - A soldier starts passing out RED ARMBANDS... INSERT CUT: Neil, in respirator, takes a BLUE ARMBAND, an like the rest of the team, puts it on...
179) 3) dialog: Landing zone, LZ, well defended, including ground-to-air ordinance. We drop in, clear the LZ for Blue team’s evacuation... We make our way into the city proper... these buildings are abandoned, but we learned they have a turnstile in this one... so expect a bi-temporal response.
179) 5) dialog: Inverse, conventional, forwards antagonists, inverted antagonists - they have it all, and it can all end you. Got it? Ives goes back to the diagram -
179) 6) dialog: On the other side of the city, the ground rises to the ridge above the hypocentre. yP (MORE ) 121.
179) 7) dialog: Most of you will proceed up the hill - a splinter unit will take a tunnel from the city to the floor of the hypocentre. Blue team located an entrance here - Ives points to the city’s edge. Then to the CAVERN.
179) 8) dialog: The bomb is in the rock high above to trigger a collapse, sealing the cavern.
179) 10) dialog: We don’t. The explosion takes place as planned, exactly ten minutes after our landing. Everything is synchronized to that explosion. Both teams have countdown watches - ours counts down from ten at landing, to zero at the explosion. He holds up his wrist to display a BLOOD-RED ‘10’ -
179) 11) dialog: Blue team is the reverse - INSERT CUT: a PREVIOUS BRIEFING (BLUE TEAM). NEIL watches Wheeler holds up her wrist to show a VIVID-BLUE ‘10’ -
179) 14) dialog: Our job is to fail to defuse the bomb, while the splinter unit achieves its task undetected.
179) 16) dialog: Need to know. And you don’t. Any other stupid questions? Right, let’s get ready. Everybody RISES. The Protagonist approaches Ives.
179) 18) dialog: There is no first wave - Red team and Blue team operate simultaneously. Do not get on the chopper if you can’t stop thinking in linear terms. You want to be on the team who lifts the contents of that capsule?
179) 20) dialog: That's us. We're the splinter unit.
179) 22) dialog: No one who knows the contents of that capsule can leave the field. I thought we’d manage ourselves.
188) 0) text: The Protagonist joins a unit of Red team soldiers who CHA an antiaircraft emplacement TAKING IT OUT BEFORE IT CAN F ON THE SLOW-MOVING CHINOOKS... The Protagonist uses his assault rifle to take out a gunemplacement. Ives uses an inverse grenade to violently ‘reassemble’ an enemy gun emplacement out of existence, shredding the enemy with reverse shrapnel... 124.
188) 1) dialog: Draw them back into the city, away from Blue team... The Chinooks drop down, land the containers - the Protago looks back to see, a hundred metres away, the containers - Blue team ‘SCRAMBLING’ BACKWARDS from the containers... SOME CARRY INJURED COMRADES, ALL SEEM EXHAUSTED... The Protagonist and Red team press forward, blasting at t remaining enemy troops who run for the cover of the city. the Protagonist checks his watch - a BRIGHT-RED ‘9:59’, ‘9:58’...
190) 0) text: The Protagonist, Ives and Red team head towards the large concrete turnstile building on the outskirts of the city The Protagonist sees Wheeler running backwards towards a BUNKER on their right which UNEXPLODES - - GUNFIRE CRACKLES around them, pinning them down... They hit the bunker with an RPG, then race around the lef the turnstile building...
192) 0) text: Ives leads Red team into the deserted concrete structures an efficient cover-and-move formation... the Protagonist shelters behind LARGE CONCRETE CHUNKS. Which VIBRATE... GATHERING ENERGY... 126. The Protagonist JUMPS AWAY as the chunks RIP FROM THE GRO
196) 0) text: Ives and the Protagonist shelter as Red team exchanges fi with the Enemy further up the street. The Protagonist che his watch - ‘5:15’, ‘5:14’...
196) 2) dialog: If they see us, it’s all for nothing.
196) 4) dialog: Don’t worry about that...
198) 2) dialog: It’s about to get distracting... He signals a RED RPG SOLDIER...
198) 3) dialog: On my mark! He looks at his watch - ‘5:01’, ‘5:00’ -
198) 4) dialog: Fire! The leaning ruin THRUSTS UPWARDS - 129.
200) 0) text: The Protagonist takes cover as the Leaning Ruin’s BASE REASSEMBLES as its UPPER STOREYS EXPLODE... the Protagoni and Ives race at the tunnel entrance - the GREY TRUCK RAC at them as they dive for the tunnel...
202) 0) text: The Protagonist and Ives RACE into the tunnel, HITTING A
202) 15) dialog: (over radio) Not clear. Repeat, not clear...
203) 0) text: The Protagonist and Ives look back at the COLLAPSED ENTRA
203) 2) dialog: (into radio) Just hold tight - we’re almost there...
205) 0) text: The Protagonist and Ives run down the tunnel... they slow they see a BODY, blue armband, lying on the ground on the opposite side of a SET OF BARS at the end of the tunnel. They can see into the hypocentre, the GIANT ATOMIC-HEWN CAVERN, daylight above, CAPSULE on the rock floor next to mouth of a BORE HOLE. The Protagonist checks his watch - ‘4:06’, ‘4:05’ ... Ives checks the ELECTRONIC LOCK -
205) 1) dialog: We don’t have anything big enough to blow this. Try him - The Protagonist reaches through the bars and checks the b - FREEZES: attached to a zip, a TALISMAN - A COIN WITH A HANGING FROM A SMALL LENGTH OF ORANGE AND YELLOW STRING.. The Protagonist looks at it, quizzical, rises -
212) 0) text: Volkov seals the capsule - hooks it to a winch... the Protagonist watches Ives’s hand emerge with a SIDEARM... Volkov raises the capsule up over the mouth of the DEEP B HOLE, then steps back, preparing to release the winch and drop the capsule into the well... 136. EXT. PRIVATE DECK, SATOR’S YACHT - SUNSET Sator goes to hang up, pauses... an afterthought -
214) 0) text: The Protagonist DIVES to where Ives is lying, GRABS his g Volkov TURNS, RUNNING FOR the winch-release -
216) 1) dialog: 
216) 3) dialog: Tunnel’s sealed! The Protagonist steps over Volkov, STRUGGLES with the capsule, it swings, HANGING precariously over the well...
216) 4) dialog: (into radio) Mahir, do you copy? EXT. MAHIR’S BOAT - EVENING Mahir looks through binoculars, FRUSTRATED, flare gun rea
216) 5) dialog: (over radio) Hold! Repeat, hold!
218) 1) dialog: She jumped the gun - she killed him! The Protagonist looks at Ives, ashen - A LINE DROPS BETWE THEM —
220) 0) text: The Protagonist and Ives are YANKED into the air, the Protagonist CLUTCHING the algorithm - as they approach th rocky edge of the hole, Ives raises his boots to cushion - IMPACT! They BOUNCE PAINFULLY over the lip -
223) 0) text: A Chinook swirls snow around the blasted ruins... Ives an the Protagonist slump, bruised, exhausted, gas masks off, breathing hard. On the ground between them - the matte-bl algorithm... Neil approaches, removing his gas mask...
223) 3) dialog: We needed help down there. (to Protagonist) How’d you get that lock open?
223) 6) dialog: Once I’ve caught my breath. The Protagonist reaches for the algorithm - Ives PULLS it of his reach - his gun laying casually across his leg. As Neil and the Protagonist watch, Ives takes his weapon in hand, gets to his feet... He lifts the algorithm... looks around at the deserted plain above Stalsk-12...
223) 7) dialog: Nice and private. Ives SEPARATES the algorithm into THREE COMPONENTS -
223) 9) dialog: We hide it, we end our lives. It’s the only way to be sure. Ives TOSSES them each one component...
223) 10) dialog: But as to when... Ives HOLSTERS his sidearm. 143.
223) 11) dialog: Maybe that’s every man’s decision to make for himself.
223) 13) dialog: If I ever find you I will.
223) 15) dialog: Yes, I will. Neil shakes his head, smiling at this. Ives heads towards Chinook. Neil and the Protagonist watch him go...
223) 23) dialog: I don’t have any locksmiths as good as you. Neil turns to the Protagonist, grabs his BACKPACK... 144.