0) 5) text: The CAMERA MOVES with her as she walks on, passing TWO ME whose eyes are glued to her. We HOLD ON THEM. One is NED RAVINE, in his thirties, stalwart, handsome, h trimmed neatly, but with a feel of loose ends about him.. coat slung over his shoulder, sleeves rolled up, the swea dampening his shirt. He's a cop. A plain clothes detectiv who's been around the block a few times and still gets lo Next to him is ARCH, his partner. Older, if not in years, least in mileage. Dependable, solid, with no great aspira except to reach the end of a shift intact. He's eating Na from a cardboard container, licking the cheese off his  fingers. The CAMERA PUSHES IN to NED. His eyes are fixed on Lola.
0) 8) dialog: Arch heaves an exasperated sigh and looks toward Ned. The CAMERA PULLS BACK to INCLUDE NED. It isn't "voice-over"  narration at all. Ned is actually talking out loud.
0) 10) dialog: (interrupts) Jeez... knock off the chatter, will  ya.
0) 12) dialog: I'm awake! Where do you come up with  all that crap about women?
0) 14) dialog: Are you kiddin'?
0) 16) dialog: Aayyhh... women are trouble...
0) 18) dialog: Yeah, well you're a lucky stiff,  pal. Ya hold down two jobs. Got a  beautiful wife waitin' for ya at  home. Everything a guy could ever  want, including NO kids.
0) 20) dialog: What?! Rug-rats? Give me a break! (looks around) Jeez, I hate stakeouts. What makes  you think Milo's gonna show up here?
0) 22) dialog: And how we s'posed to recognize this  scumbag?
0) 25) dialog: These are the best damn Nachos in  North America. Maybe the world!
0) 27) dialog: I'm empty. I'm gonna get a refill.  You want some?
0) 28) text: Ned shakes his head. Arch heads off to the Nacho stand. N steps over to the railing... gazes out at the ocean. A SAXOPHONE begins to wail a scorching, romantic melody.. recurrent tune that will come to be known as LOLA'S THEME A beat later... Lola moves to Ned's side at the railing. tries to ignore her presence, peering into the darkness.  Lola digs in her purse for a pack of cigarettes.
0) 63) text: He heads for the men's room... signaling to Arch, who's  waiting in line at the Nacho stand. Arch motions at the l line... all UNIFORMED COPS... shrugging helplessly.
2) 0) text: Milo bursts out, colliding with Arch. They both go down i flurry of Nacho chips and cheese. Arch helps Milo to his  feet, apologizing profusely... picking up the gun that Mi dropped, handing it back to him. Milo sprints off down th pier. A beat later, Ned bursts out the door... dashing after Mi
3) 0) text: ...and drags a FLUSTERED MAN out of a bumper car, jumps i and speeds away! A beat later, Ned runs up, followed by Arch. Ned flashes badge at a FRECKLE-FACED KID in one of the bumper cars.
3) 2) text: He pulls the kid out, jumps in, slaps a portable FLASHING RED LIGHT on the dashboard... then speeds off after Milo, SIREN WAILING! He zig-zags through the crush of other bum cars in the pavilion. Ned's bumper car catches up with Milo, pulling alongside. Milo turns the wheel, RAMMING Ned! Ned RAMS him back, bot bumper cars swerving violently... spraying SPARKS! Ned SLAMS Milo's car again! Milo loses control, spins out and SMASHES into the pavillion railing! Ned swerves to avoid a collision, but RAMS into two other bumper cars, wrenching to a grinding halt. A BEAT. The AI inflates in his bumper car. Arch runs up as Ned pulls himself from the wreckage. They turn to see Milo leap from his mangled bumper car, leap o the pavillion railing and dash down the pier and into an  alley between two buildings. A sign on the building says: DEAD END ALLEY. Ned and Arch eye each other, shake their heads, and follo after Milo.
3) 14) text: Milo hesitates, unsure. Finally, he releases the gun. Ned raises it up on the end of his finger. Arch pulls it off  with a loud POP! Ned cuffs Milo's hands behind him... spins him around.
12) 36) text: Ned steps over to Arch, who is sitting in the first row o the gallery. Arch hands him the Miranda "cue cards."
15) 0) text: Ned and Arch drag in a bunch of bad-ass, multi-ethnic GAN MEMBERS they've just busted. Ned angrily shoves one of th toughest gang members against the wall... losing his cool
15) 5) text: Arch grabs Ned by the shoulder, pulling him back, calming him.
15) 6) dialog: Whoa, hold on, hoss! Take it easy.  You seem a little tense tonight.  What is it?
15) 17) text: The other Gang Members join in on the SECOND VERSE with a sweet, mellow street-corner harmony as back-up... and som smooth group choreography. The COPS on duty listen raptly, getting maudlin and dewey eyed. Tears roll down the cheeks of the BOOKING SERGEANT. The lights dim. A big, gruff COP makes eyes at a HOOKER b booked... and they start to slow dance. Arch watches all this with a sentimental smile, munching his Nachos. When the song ends, Arch puts a comforting ha covered with Nacho cheese, on Ned's shoulder.
15) 19) dialog: What's to be afraid! It's like making  breakfast! You bring home the bacon...  she's got the eggs. Ya scramble it  up. Ba-da-boom ba-da-bing! She's got  an omelette in the oven! (a beat, then) Why don't you knock off early... go  home. It'd be nice for Lana to wake  up in the morning and find you there  for a change.
15) 21) dialog: Don't worry about that.
40) 0) text: A typical police squad room... smoke-filled, cluttered, b Arch sits at a desk doing paperwork, surrounded by the Ga Members... who are also filling out papers. Arch SINGS to himself, munching on nachos from a big pile of chips. The Gang Members harmonize with him. A Gang Member reaches for a nacho chip. Arch grabs for th gun in his shoulder holster.
40) 1) dialog: Uh-uh.
40) 2) text: The Gang Member drops the chip. Arch pops it in his mouth continues singing. The Gang Members join in with harmony. Ned enters in the background, carrying a box with airhole in it. He steps over to his desk, looking at the singing  Gang Members, then motions like a choir leader, cutting t off neatly.
40) 7) dialog: And a damn good job, too. One of 'em  even did it in Spanish.
40) 8) text: Arch turns the sound up on a wall-mounted TV monitor.
40) 9) dialog: Hey Ned! Catch this! Friend of yours.
40) 12) dialog: (shocked) Jesus... you hear that?
40) 14) dialog: Are you kiddin'! He'll do it! The  guy's a friggin' looney!
40) 20) text: Arch slumps in his chair, really stunned.
40) 21) dialog: Christ, Ned... you're in deep shit.
90) 0) text: Lana reaches into her purse, pulls out a gun. She looks  through the vestibule windows into the first coach car, h eyes searching for Frank.
110) 0) text: It's huge, dark and shadowy. More than a dozen heavily ar POLICE OFFICERS stand guard all around the perimeter. In center is a cell constructed of iron bars, like an animal cage. Ned and Laura enter. Arch steps over.
110) 2) dialog: Only cell available. They had that  serial killer locked up here... you  know, the one who talks his victims  to death then eats them... Hannibal  the Lecturer. But they let him out  for a three week tour to publicize  his new book.
110) 3) text: Arch hands him a hardbound book.
110) 5) dialog: It's a cookbook.
110) 9) dialog: And look, look... he autographed it.
110) 10) text: Arch pulls the front cover of the book open, pointing.
110) 12) text: Arch points toward the cage.
110) 13) dialog: They're waiting for ya. They didn't  want to start without her attorney  being present.
110) 18) text: Ned, Laura and Arch enter the cage as the Guard exits.
124) 0) text: Marching band MUSIC fades off-screen.
133) 0) text: A POLICE PHOTOGRAPHER takes FLASH pictures of the crime s The CORONER, COPS, FORENSIC MEN... all do their thing. Ne and Arch amble in, looking around. Arch is eating Nachos.
133) 2) text: Throughout this scene, in the b.g., the milling COPS and  INVESTIGATORS slip on all the blood, as if on slick ice, fall out of frame, their arms and legs flailing helplessl One of the Coroner's INVESTIGATORS approaches Arch and Ne
133) 6) text: Ned hands it off to Arch, who casually unrolls it. The  Investigator slips, arms waving, and falls out of frame.
133) 7) dialog: (reading it) "I can't take it anymore. I'm a  mediocre mechanic... and a lousy  lover."
133) 9) text: Arch gives Ned a very strange look. Ned feels his stare.
142) 4) text: She drags a chair in behind her, sits at the kitchen tabl Ned puts a kettle on the burner, turns it on. He starts  searching through the cupboard for teabags.
148) 3) text: Laura searches the large walk-in pantry for tea bags. She hears a LOUD CRASH of BREAKING GLASS in the kitchen... st and listens... then casually shrugs it off.