12) 18) text: Milo holds up a big plastic bag filled with bubble gum. J Allen grabs it, takes a piece of gum and hands it to the  Bailiff.
12) 20) text: The Bailiff takes the bag, offers one to Ned... who takes piece, unwraps it and starts chewing. The Bailiff then  proceeds to pass out gum to EVERYONE in the courtroom. The JURY FOREMAN raises his hand and clears his throat.
12) 29) text: There is a surprised GASP from the crowd... and a loud MU The BAILIFF holds out a video box. It's titled HOLY BIBLE THE VIDEO. Ned puts one hand on it, raises the other.
12) 30) dialog: Do you swear to tell the truth, the  whole truth and nothing but the truth,  so help you God?
55) 3) dialog: (to another Juror) What're you? A thirty-eight long?
117) 4) dialog: Oy vay! Oy vay! Superior Court of  Los Angeles is now in session. And  here he is... direct from a triumphant  one-week engagement in Las Vegas  Circuit Court... the honorable...  the venerable... the totally  irrepressible... Judge Harlan Skan- kyyyyyyy!
121) 4) text: The Bailiff reaches out, Ned waves him off... instead, to the blender over several heads to the Court Clerk... who  runs to catch it, CRASHING into the wall. The blender fal SHATTERS.
123) 4) text: The BAILIFF steps into CLOSE UP, blowing a whistle loudly
123) 5) dialog: Recess is over! Let's go... move it,  move it, move it!
125) 21) text: The Court Clerk, Bailiff and Court Recorder have all move around behind the witness stand, peering over Mrs. Shady' shoulder at the photos.
125) 27) text: Mrs. Shady goes berserk... leaping from the witness stand pointing several different fingers at Judge Skanky. The Bailiff attempts to restrain her, but she breaks free scurrying around the courtroom, pointing fingers at every CHAOS prevails!
126) 7) text: The Bailiff picks up the Irritable Man and dumps him on t evidence table, where he is tagged by the Court Clerk.
127) 0) text: Lana is on the stand. The Bailiff swears her in.
127) 1) dialog: Do you swear to tell the truth, the  whole truth and nothing but the truth  so help you God?
130) 19) dialog: (over P. A. system) Attention courtroom shoppers! All  trial evidence now on sale. Forty to  sixty percent off all exhibits!  Everything must go!