1) 0) text: Several MEN are at the urinals. Milo, still wearing the p hose over his head, washes his face at the sink. He looks up, sees Ned enter. Ned sees Milo... reacts, pulling the  frankfurter out of his pocket and pointing it.
1) 2) text: The Men turn, seeing Ned pointing the frankfurter.
5) 0) text: The CAMERA MOVES up the stairs, into the bedroom. Still O we hear more heavy breathing... urgent whispers... lust.. passion... squeaky bedsprings! A trail of clothes is scattered before us on the way to t bed... shoes, a dress, slip, bra, nylons, panties... grea coveralls with a "Frank Kelbo - Mobile Mechanic" namepatc dirty work boots, a wrench and a gigantic grease gun... The bed shakes violently. A female VOICE calls the shots various tools drop to the floor.
5) 2) text: A beat. The LIGHT clicks ON. LANA; a sexy redhead with a  cool, manipulative edge, and FRANK; a slick, smarmy Lotha lay under the sheets, panting, glistening with sweat. Lana reaches for a pack of "Fatal 100's" on the bedside t
5) 4) dialog: (grins, cocky) Yeah, well you're not so bad  yourself... for a lawyer's wife...
5) 6) dialog: Busy man. Cop and a lawyer. When  does he ever find time for you?
5) 9) dialog: Maybe you should trade him in on a  new model.
5) 11) dialog: (reaches for her) Want to go for another test drive?
7) 6) text: Ned sees Frank sitting at the kitchen table, hair messed coveralls hastily pulled on inside-out. Frank is reading copy of INSURANCE DIGEST magazine. A headline on the cove touts an article: "LIFE INSURANCE FOR YOUR CAT!... Cover Nine Lives For The Price of One!" Ned's smile fades.
7) 8) text: He steps over to the table... gives Frank a cool stare.
7) 10) dialog: (shrugs) Oh... I don't know... six, seven  weeks.
7) 12) dialog: (a leering smile) Think I got my finger on it though.
7) 15) text: Lana tenses up at this. Frank freezes. He figures they've been busted. He sits there, holding the magazine, not mov a muscle... as Ned turns on him.
7) 23) text: He picks up his briefcase, gives Frank a nasty look, then exits thru the back door. Lana and Frank stare at each other lustfully, really hot  now! Frank sweeps the dishes off the table with his arm.  Lana leaps into his arms, wrapping her legs around his wa He lays her down on the kitchen table, standing over her. Suddenly, Ned opens the back door, glaring right at Frank not even noticing Lana on the table.
7) 25) text: He slams the door. A beat. Lana and Frank begin to devour each other with passionate kisses. Another beat. The fron doorbell RINGS once... then again.
7) 26) dialog: Who's that?
14) 0) text: The front door swings open. Frank is standing there, dres in a cheap, loose-fitting suit and a T-shirt.
14) 1) dialog: I came back for my shower cap.
14) 4) text: She walks to the living room. Frank follows, still wearin the shower cap. Lana snaps her fingers.
14) 7) dialog: Where is he?
14) 11) text: She looks up at Frank. Sees the shower cap.
14) 15) dialog: Yeah, matter of fact, I sell policies  part-time. I got half a brain... or  didn't you notice?
14) 18) dialog: Standard accident policy... all the  usual stuff... blah, blah, blah. The  face value is... Wow. Not bad. Three  million bucks! (flips page) And there's a triple indemnity rider.
14) 20) dialog: Aw, it's just something agents throw  in so we can boost the premium. If  the policy holder dies under very  specific conditions, it pays off  three times the face value of the  policy.
14) 22) dialog: Yeah... but it's a sure bet for the  company. Nobody ever collects.
14) 24) dialog: Well, like here... it only pays off  if he's shot with a pistol, falls  from a moving northbound train and  drowns in a fresh water stream.
14) 26) dialog: See what I mean, sweetheart? What  are the odds of that?
14) 28) dialog: Then you'd be rich.
14) 30) dialog: What're you sayin'...?
14) 33) dialog: How we gonna do that? Didn't you  tell me he hates trains?
14) 37) dialog: Isn't that out of our way?
14) 38) text: Ignoring this, she turns the LIGHTS OFF, walks over to a  screen and picks up a remote control. She clicks the butt A SLIDE PROJECTOR comes on, throwing an IMAGE on Frank's  back. We can read the words: THE PLAN.
14) 45) dialog: You been thinking about this a lot,  haven't you?
17) 2) text: The alarm clock goes off, CLANGING LOUDLY! Lana dives for it, slamming her hand down, killing the alarm. Going for a double-play, she flings the clock at the TV,  nailing the on/off switch! Silence. Ned is still out cold Frank moves toward the door... but with each step the flo CREAKS LOUDLY! He turns the knob. It CLUNKS! He pulls the door open v-e-r-y s-l-o-w-l-y and it CRE-E-E-E-A-K-S like the piercing metal brakes of a train! He blows Lana a kiss, then pulls the door closed very gen It sticks. He pulls harder. The knob pops off in his hand and he falls backward, tumbling down the stairs with a HU RACKET! Ned doesn't stir. Finally it's SILENT. Lana exhal A SMALL BIRD lands on the sill of the open window, trilli a sweet little "CHIRP." Ned sits bolt upright, irritated.
18) 0) text: Frank glances back up at the bedroom window with an arrog smirk. WHAP! Ned's shoe hits him right in the face!
44) 0) text: Lana is seated on a park bench wearing a trenchcoat, hat sunglasses. Frank walks up, looks around nervously, prete not to know Lana. He sits down next to her.
44) 1) dialog: How come we gotta meet here?
44) 5) text: She takes her sunglasses off, looks at him. He hesitates, staring at the hat. A dignified looking OLDER GENTLEMAN  approaches. Frank quickly slips the hat on his head. The Older Gentleman sits on the bench across from them. H opens a paper sack and begins neatly laying his lunch out next to him. An apple, sandwich, napkin, Mountain Dew.
44) 7) dialog: What?
44) 10) dialog: Ich hobe getracht, efsher iz der  nisht geshtoigen un nisht gefloygen. (I been thinkin'...  maybe this plan is  too complicated.)
44) 14) dialog: Yo! Ober mir darfen imvarfen in tsug.  Un schissen un schtippen in vasser  arein. Oy a broch! Mir zenen git  bakackt. (Yeah, but we gotta  get him on the train,  shoot him... then  push him in the river.  There's a million  ways we can screw  up.)
44) 16) dialog: Ven hob ich gehat a vaichen schmoke? (When have I ever  gone soft on you?)
44) 18) dialog: Nu shoin, ein mul. Es paseert tsie  yeyden man. (Okay... once! It  happens to every  guy.)
44) 20) dialog: Oy! Mir vellen zein oif groise tsures.  Me'vet unz chap'n. (We're going to be in  big trouble. They're  going to catch us.)
44) 25) text: Frank and Lana are speechless. But across the bottom of t screen we see a SUB-TITLE reflecting their thoughts.
48) 6) text: In the b.g., through the window, WE SEE Frank drop from t second floor, right onto the seat of a waiting motorcycle He ZOOMS OFF into the night. Ned steps up behind Lana, slips his arms around her.
59) 0) text: Frank opens the hood to Ned's car, holding a screwdriver one hand... a wrench in the other. He doesn't know where start.
60) 2) text: Frank slips in, wearing his greasy overalls. He wipes his hands on a rag... giving Lana a sly wink.
60) 3) dialog: (whispering) It's all taken care of. When do I  knock on the door?
60) 7) dialog: Oh, later... right... okay.
60) 8) text: She nods, patronizing. Frank exits. Lana picks up the Sku cuddling him. Ned comes down wearing his trademark gray s Lana kisses him passionately... a final farewell.
62) 40) text: A LOUD KNOCK at the front door. Lana opens it. It's Frank
62) 41) dialog: I was in the neighborhood. Thought  I'd stop by and pick up my tools.
62) 43) dialog: Sure, I'll take you to the train  station.
62) 44) text: They all freeze. Lana glares at Frank, who is completely  unaware of his faux pas... while Ned tries to figure out that response didn't sound right.
65) 0) text: At an intersection... they see a "DETOUR" sign. Frank and Lana exchange concerned looks. Frank turns the corner. Th van starts vibrating violently, tossing them around.
65) 2) dialog: We'll make it!
66) 0) text: The train is pulling in. The CAMERA PANS to Frank's muddy van as it drives up nearby. Frank waits in the van as Ned and Lana get out and walk toward the train. They pass a feeble OLD WOMAN struggling to drag a HUGE ST TRUNK along the platform... inches at a time. A REDCAP pa her also, carrying a small overnight case for an attracti elegantly attired SOCIALITE. Everyone ignores the Old Wom Ned looks nervously at the train, already pale.
66) 4) text: She kisses his cheek. He reluctantly boards the train. He smile vanishes. She hurries back to the next car, nods at Frank, boards t train. Frank peels off his coveralls, follows her on.
67) 0) text: Ned stares out the window... apprehensive, nervous. Frank and Lana enter at the opposite end of the coach. Th spot Ned, quickly ducking into a seat where they can obse him yet remain hidden from view behind the tall seatbacks
77) 0) text: A gun barrel slowly protrudes between the seats in front Frank and Lana. Their eyes widen. Suddenly, a stream of w hits Frank in the face! He sputters. A LITTLE KID named J scrambles into the aisle.
77) 2) text: Lana turns to Frank... inspired. She leans toward Jeff.
77) 8) text: Frank gets up, moves down the aisle slowly, eyes on Ned. can't squeeze past the Old Woman, who is still struggling pull her huge trunk down aisle. So... he climbs right ove the top of it... oblivious to her. Frank stares at Ned warily as he gets closer. Suddenly, J squirts a stream of water in Ned's eyes. Frank sees his  chance, rushing past Ned toward the vestibule.
78) 0) text: Frank races through the vestibule behind Max's back. By t time Max turns to see who's there... Frank is gone.
82) 0) text: The Old Woman has unpacked her huge trunk. She has hung u clothes... set out a vase with flowers... hung up a big f painting... and turned on a floor lamp. She pulls out a s of dumbbells, pumps them a couple times... and drops them the floor with a loud CLUNK! Frank watches her from his seat across the aisle with a b expression... only his eyes moving. The Conductor punches the Old Woman's ticket, then holds his hand, waiting. She pulls out a Smith &amp; Wesson .44 Magnum... drops it in his bag. He waits. She pulls out an Uzi.
90) 0) text: Lana reaches into her purse, pulls out a gun. She looks  through the vestibule windows into the first coach car, h eyes searching for Frank.
94) 0) text: Lana leans forward, looking through the vestibule windows watching desperately for Frank's signal.
95) 0) text: Frank looks out the window and sees...
97) 0) text: Lana sees Frank's frantic signal. She raises the gun, pul the hammer back and steps quickly into...
104) 0) text: Frank sees Max hit the river and lets out a loud "WHOOP!" The Old Woman shoots him a nasty look. He stifles himself
106) 0) text: Frank jumps up, rushing forward. He skids to a stop... se Ned through the glass! Shocked, he ducks back.
131) 0) text: Frank lays on a mechanic's "creeper", working under a car Lana steps between his feet. He hears her and rolls out, crotch sliding to a stop against her legs. He looks up,  covered with black grease.
131) 1) dialog: So... you did it. Ya beat the rap.
131) 4) dialog: Hey... I knew he'd spring ya.
131) 7) dialog: Heeeee-eeey... what could I do?
131) 10) dialog: Look... you're out... free. Now we're  together. That's what counts. We can  try again! Forget triple indemnity.  We'll whack him and split three mil.
131) 12) dialog: (arrogant) Come on, Lana. You're not gonna shoot  me.
131) 16) dialog: Now you're talkin' baby.