77) 1) dialog: Hi! I'm Jeff and I'm eight years  old. Didja know if ya put a penny on  the track it'll make the train crash?  No kiddin'! You ever been in a wreck?  My uncle has. Lotsa times. It's really  neat. Everybody gets creamed! All  bloody guts... heads ripped off and  stuff... Hey... wanna hear my song  "Great Green Gobs of Greasy Grimy  Gopher Guts"?
77) 2) text: Lana turns to Frank... inspired. She leans toward Jeff.
77) 5) dialog: Hi! I'm Jeff and I'm eight years  old. Didja know if ya put a penny on  the track it'll make the train crash?
79) 0) text: Ned wipes the water from his eyes, blinking. He grabs the squirt gun away from Jeff, holding it up angrily.
79) 2) dialog: Yes it is.
79) 3) text: A beat. Ned realizes he's right. Acting tough, he pulls t plug and drains the water out of the gun, then tosses it  back to Jeff. Without missing a beat, Jeff drops the empty water magazi from the grip and jams a full one in... just like loading cartridge clip. He smirks, ready for action. In the aisle next to them, the Old Woman now pulls her tr back toward the vestibule. Jeff points the squirt gun at  her. Suddenly, she whips around and SQUIRTS HIM in the fa with her own squirt gun! He sputters!
81) 0) text: Jeff is SINGING to Ned... to the tune of "The Old Gray Ma
81) 1) dialog: Great green gobs of greasy, grimy  gopher guts... mutilated monkey  meat... chopped up dirty birdie's  feet... one pint jar of all-purpose  porpoise pus... cooked in a Mulligan  stew.
84) 1) dialog: (still singing) French fried eyeballs and ugly scabs  you wanna pick... stuff to make your  mother sick... dog poop on a stick...  puke and snot all mixed together in  a pot...
84) 2) text: Ned is looking very pale and queasy. Suddenly, Jeff jumps up... presses his face against the window.
84) 3) dialog: Oh boy! Here comes the tunnel!
122) 6) dialog: (singing) Great green gobs of greasy grimy  gopher guts... mutilated monkey  meat... itsy-bitsy birdie feet...  Great green gobs of greasy grimy  gopher guts... and me without a spoon!
122) 8) dialog: (pointing at Lana) That lady paid me two bucks to sing  it to him...!