36) 2) text: The prisoner turns. He's butt-ugly, hard, nasty looking.  It's MAX SHADY... with a HUGE "Double Corona" CIGAR in hi mouth. On his chest is a tattoo that reads: THIS SPACE FO RENT. He walks right toward the CAMERA LENS and the FRAME goes TO BLACK.
37) 0) text: Two huge iron doors swing open and a mob of milling REPOR rushes forward, surrounding Max Shady. He wears a blue su just like Ned's. The Reporters have no microphones, but s their empty hands at Max as if they do. They shout questi
37) 2) dialog: Find Ned Ravine... rip his head off  and use it for a bowling ball!
37) 7) dialog: Yeah. The bastard gave it to me as a  gift... to make up for losing my  case. Now I'm going to wear it to  his friggin' funeral!!
37) 9) dialog: Ma!
40) 10) text: On the screen... it's Max Shady speaking to the press.
40) 11) dialog: (on T.V.) ...I'd like to reach down Ned Ravine's  throat and pull out his guts with my  bare hands!
40) 16) dialog: (on T.V.) I'd like to mash his head like a  ripe melon...
40) 18) dialog: (on T.V.) ...then cut off all his fingers and  rip out his liver with my teeth!
56) 9) text: As they walk off, we HOLD ON a CLOSE SHOT of a newspaper. The headline reads: EX-CON STALKS COP/LAWYER NED RAVINE!  Below it is a picture of Max Shady, eyes wide with psycho rage... a huge cigar in his mouth, wearing a garish Hawai shirt. Hands lower the newspaper... revealing Max himself, with same cigar, shirt and crazed look on his face.
57) 0) text: Laura models hats... each one becoming more outrageous. S coaxes Ned into joining her. They BOTH try on WOMEN's hat smiling and laughing... as "Brown Eyed Girl" plays. In one of the mirrors, we SEE Max Shady's reflection... a he also tries on women's hats, watching them, puffing his cigar.
58) 18) dialog: sits at a corner table wearing a chic beret from the hat  store, voraciously devouring a huge Hawaiian Pit Roasted  Pig. He wrenches the apple from the Pig's mouth... takes huge bite!
64) 0) text: The CAMERA BOOMS DOWN LOW to reveal Max Shady under the v hanging on like a leech, his back only inches from the ro The van drives off.
68) 0) text: Max walks through the car looking for Ned. He pauses, puf on his big cigar. A WOMAN PASSENGER looks up and is shock to see Max's scraped bare butt hanging out only inches aw
68) 2) text: Max swivels around to look at her... turning his bare beh toward an IRRITABLE MAN across the aisle.
68) 4) dialog: (turning slowly) You want me to put out my CIGAR? YOU  want me to put out my cigar? You  want ME to put out my CIGAR?
68) 6) dialog: Certainly.
69) 0) text: Max enters through the vestibule, without his cigar, stop in his tracks when he sees Ned. He smiles to himself, the ducks back into the lavatory.
70) 0) text: Max looks at himself in the mirror. He's a disaster. He o the violin case, pulling out his trademark "Ned Ravine" g suit on a hangar. It's not even wrinkled.
72) 0) text: Max is cleaned up, dressed in the suit. He straightens hi tie, slicks his greasy hair back, sticks a big cigar in h mouth and grins at himself in the mirror.
72) 1) dialog: You talkin' to me? You talkin' to  ME? You... talkin'... to... ME?
74) 0) text: Max reaches into the case, pulls out A BLENDER! He plugs into the outlet and REVS it a couple times, grinning wick
75) 0) text: Max steps out of the lavatory and sees the CONDUCTOR comi his way collecting tickets. He quickly spins around, slid the door open and steps into the vestibule between cars. The Conductor can't get past the Old Woman, so he climbs  over the top of her trunk, with no thought of helping her
76) 0) text: Max looks out the side window, trying to conceal the weap in front of him. The Conductor enters, sees him.
76) 2) text: Without turning, Max holds the ticket up over his shoulde The Conductor takes it, punches it, notices the gun barre
76) 4) text: Max turns, raising the gun with a nasty GROWL. The Conduc casually snaps a baggage tag to the barrel, taking the gu
76) 6) text: The Conductor drops the weapon into a big mesh bag... alo with a dozen other guns he's collected. He exits. Max whi around facing the window, eyes filled with rage. Now what
78) 0) text: Frank races through the vestibule behind Max's back. By t time Max turns to see who's there... Frank is gone.
80) 0) text: Max stares out the window, still seething. Behind him, th Old Woman moves into the vestibule, inch by inch, trying drag her trunk into the first coach car. Max turns, sees her struggling and goes to her aid.
80) 1) dialog: Here... let me help you with that.
80) 4) dialog: (smiles) I try to be.
98) 0) text: Max hears someone enter. He stiffens...
100) 0) text: Lana FIRES!... blowing a hole right through Max and the w behind him! She keeps firing! BLAM! BLAM! BLAM! BLAM! BLA BLAM! More bullets than the gun could ever possibly hold!
102) 0) text: ...Max turns to face Lana, filled with bloody bullet hole
102) 1) dialog: You shootin' at me?
102) 2) text: Shocked to see it's Max, Lana empties the rest of the bul into him... BLAM! BLAM! BLAM! BLAM! Max is SLAMMED back i the vestibule door by the impact!
102) 3) dialog: Yeah... you're definitely shootin'  at me.
103) 0) text: Max flies out the door, executing a perfect "full gainer  with a triple twist and a half-tuck"... a flawless Olympi style dive... ending with a dead body "belly flop" into t water!
104) 0) text: Frank sees Max hit the river and lets out a loud "WHOOP!" The Old Woman shoots him a nasty look. He stifles himself
126) 0) text: The Irritable Man from the train is on the stand... Max's huge cigar stuck in his ear! The hair around his ear is  scorched.