0) 24) text: In the b.g., MILO CRUMLEY, the "Support Hose Bandit", amb by casually, unnoticed, sucking on a cherry Snow-Cone thr the panty-hose pulled down over his head.
0) 58) text: Flustered, he stuffs his hot dog into his inside jacket  pocket, then tries to wipe the mustard off Lola's dress,  smearing it all over her, making it worse. She watches hi with a cool, detached gaze as he fumbles ingenuously. Suddenly, Ned stops, looking off. He sees... Milo Crumley going into the PUBLIC RESTROOM. Ned starts to leave. Lola grabs his hand, holding it tightly against her breast.
1) 0) text: Several MEN are at the urinals. Milo, still wearing the p hose over his head, washes his face at the sink. He looks up, sees Ned enter. Ned sees Milo... reacts, pulling the  frankfurter out of his pocket and pointing it.
1) 4) text: Milo bolts, slamming into Ned, knocking him back through door of a stall, into the lap of the MAN inside.
2) 0) text: Milo bursts out, colliding with Arch. They both go down i flurry of Nacho chips and cheese. Arch helps Milo to his  feet, apologizing profusely... picking up the gun that Mi dropped, handing it back to him. Milo sprints off down th pier. A beat later, Ned bursts out the door... dashing after Mi
3) 2) text: He pulls the kid out, jumps in, slaps a portable FLASHING RED LIGHT on the dashboard... then speeds off after Milo, SIREN WAILING! He zig-zags through the crush of other bum cars in the pavilion. Ned's bumper car catches up with Milo, pulling alongside. Milo turns the wheel, RAMMING Ned! Ned RAMS him back, bot bumper cars swerving violently... spraying SPARKS! Ned SLAMS Milo's car again! Milo loses control, spins out and SMASHES into the pavillion railing! Ned swerves to avoid a collision, but RAMS into two other bumper cars, wrenching to a grinding halt. A BEAT. The AI inflates in his bumper car. Arch runs up as Ned pulls himself from the wreckage. They turn to see Milo leap from his mangled bumper car, leap o the pavillion railing and dash down the pier and into an  alley between two buildings. A sign on the building says: DEAD END ALLEY. Ned and Arch eye each other, shake their heads, and follo after Milo.
3) 6) dialog: I skipped high school, cop!
3) 8) dialog: What about it?
3) 10) dialog: Yeah. So?
3) 12) dialog: Ha! That's just theoretical  hypothesis. Inverse proportionate  explosive dynamics has never been  demonstrated conclusively in a  laboratory environment.
3) 14) text: Milo hesitates, unsure. Finally, he releases the gun. Ned raises it up on the end of his finger. Arch pulls it off  with a loud POP! Ned cuffs Milo's hands behind him... spins him around.
3) 18) dialog: Nahhhh!
3) 20) text: He flips out a business card, handing it to Milo.
12) 12) text: Milo unwraps a piece of bubble gum and pushes it into his panty-hose covered mouth, chewing the nylon and gum toget
12) 14) text: Ned motions toward the gallery, where we SEE... ...MILO'S WIFE and TWO CHILDREN, all wearing panty hose o their faces. Ned motions toward Milo.
12) 16) text: JUDGE ALLEN notices that Milo is chewing gum.
12) 18) text: Milo holds up a big plastic bag filled with bubble gum. J Allen grabs it, takes a piece of gum and hands it to the  Bailiff.