15) 0) text: OTS of Mahavir Singh. Geeta (12 yrs), Babita (10 yrs), 3rd daughter (5 yrs) are at the new born baby, lying next to their mother. We see close ups of smiling faces of Geeta and Babita.
17) 0) text: Mahavir Singh seems to have resigned to fate. Mahavir Singh having dinner. Geeta and Babita serving him
19) 17) dialog: Idar se doosra waaDa bhi aa gya. Manneh uske baaD pakad keh nichheh patak diya aur peeT peh kohnni dhar dee. As Geeta and Babita demonstrate their moves on cousin, Ma Singh watches them attentively, with an amused look on hi Music kicks in.
25) 0) text: Mahavir Singh walks up to Geeta and Babita. They are play a board game. They get up on seeing Mahavir Singh.
25) 4) text: Paanch baje... haan? Geeta and Babita nod. Mahavir Singh walks out. Geeta and look at each other and wonder.
25) 6) dialog: Munneh laga aapnneh kuch kara-ai /kara hogga. Both wonder.
26) 0) text: Close-up of two donas with pani puri. Geeta and Babita lo at them. They then look up. There is a pani puri guy stan there. Mahavir Singh is looking at them. Wife is standing nearby.
26) 3) dialog: Teekkha thoda kam-ain pappa.
27) 2) dialog: Pappa, salwar-kameej main bhaagga nai jaatta. Mahavir Singh is thinking. Song Bapu sehat ke liye tu toh haanikarak hai Omkar grudgingly parting with his shorts and t shirts. Ma Singh looks at the shorts. Mother working on the shorts on sewing machine. Geeta Bab and Omkar are watching it. Next morning Geeta and Babita come out of their room, wea shorts and feeling odd. Mahavir Singh gestures them to mo Geeta Babita running in shorts across chaupal and market. Villagers watch. They are given different exercises. Made to pull buckets. Cut chaara. Skip rope. Geeta Babita sitting near canal. Tired, they stop. Then t spot Mahavir Singh arriving on scooter. They get up and r Geeta is tired in class. On their way back from school they crib.
27) 4) dialog: Gaali toh usne munneh di thi na. Aapnneh haath uthaaNe ki kay jaroorat thi.
27) 7) dialog: Bas iss pehalwanni se bacha le.
27) 12) dialog: Main bhi tanne yahi poochne wali thi Mahavir Singh continues to build akhada. Mahavir Singh finally gets Geeta and Babita into akhada. Before he enters the akhada he touches mud as if touching someone's feet.
29) 3) dialog: Pappa bhi training kay liye kisneh pakad keh laaye-ain. Yo bavdi boo} kay makhkhi maarehga.
29) 5) dialog: K2j2 matlab.
29) 8) dialog: Dekh choti bhen hoon teri Cousin then thrashes Babita also. He is all smiles. Mahavir Singh watches all this quietly. Geeta and Babita full of mud, including their hair.
36) 0) text: Geeta and Babita are walking back and talking.
36) 2) dialog: Main bhi.
36) 3) text: Mahavir Singh is teaching younger daughters. Geeta and Babita walk in. They stand there and nudge each to talk.
36) 5) dialog: Haan pappa woh Geetta diddi toh itna thak jaatti-ain kay class main so jaatti-ain... by god padhaai peh bilkul concentrate nai kar paa ri-ain. Mahavir Singh looks at them.
36) 7) dialog: School main chhoriyaan Geetta diddi ko marad-marad bol keh chhidaatti-ain batao. They then wait for Mahavir Singh to speak.
37) 0) text: Geeta is sitting in front of barber who is holding a scis Geeta is pleading to Mahavir Singh. A helpless mother is standing nearby and Babita is clutching to her.
38) 0) text: Geeta and Babita are walking to school in their short cr People are shocked to see them like that. Then there is m laughter. Geeta and Babita walk with their heads down.
39) 0) text: Back shot Geeta and Babita walking. Girls giggling.
41) 0) text: Babita is sitting quietly during recess. Omkar is sitting Babita.
43) 0) text: Geeta and Babita are walking back. Two boy who had got th by Geeta Babita are watching. One of them sings.
44) 0) text: Geeta and Babita are looking at their reflections in the with tears in their eyes.
45) 0) text: Geeta and Babita standing on the terrace, looking at Maha Singh in the courtyard. Mahavir Singh is sitting on a cot in the courtyard, young daughter is doing champi.
45) 5) dialog: Umar hogi-ai.
45) 11) text: Geeta sitting with bandaged foot. She has a smile on her Babita not resisting at all during her bout with Omkar.
46) 0) text: Babita is putting a tikki on Geeta's forehead with a pen.
47) 0) text: Wife is taking out her lipstick and tikki. She gives it t and Babita. They look happy as they put lipstick and ear and bangles. They turn to wife. She looks at them with te in her eyes. The girls are looking pretty.
48) 0) text: Idiot hai mera banna Geeta and Babita are dancing in the sangeet. Cousin is al present there. Their friend Sunita, around same age, is d like a bride. Geeta and Babita are thoroughly enjoying th proceedings. Cousin joins in the dance. Dance is in full progress. Mahavir Singh enters. Geeta Ba and Omkar stop on seeing him. He looks at them in anger a slaps the cousin. Music stops. One of the guys is about to react while the other stops h
49) 0) text: Geeta, Babita and their bride friend are sitting. Geeta Babita have tears in their eyes. Geeta and Geeta and
49) 1) dialog: Ek-ei din toh practice miss kari, itna bada bawaD khada karaNe ki kay jaroorat thi.
49) 5) text: Mahavir Singh is sleeping. Geeta and Babita appear on the They have tears in their eyes. They stand there with tear their eyes, watching Mahavir Singh sleep.
50) 0) text: Geeta with tears in her eyes is winding the alarm clock. then adjusts the alarm hand to 4.30. Babita watches her w tears in her eyes.
52) 0) text: Mahavir Singh enters the room. Geeta and Babita are not o bed.
53) 0) text: Mahavir Singh walking towards the akhada, stops on seeing something. Geeta Babita are warming up in the akhada. Track kicks in.
54) 0) text: Geeta and Babita are running in the fields, cousin is try to catch up with them. Mahavir Singh is looking pleasantl surprised. Geeta fighting with cousin and giving him tough fight. Sh but doesn't look happy about it. Geeta and Babita doing more exercises. Geeta and Babita eating food and drinking milk. Geeta and Babita having different attitude to girls in th class. Dangal Song Mahavir Singh teaching them at Akhada. Geeta fighting with the cousin and losing after a tough Mahavir Singh explaining them finer nuances in akhada. Th attentive. More running, more exercise. Mahavir Singh switches on the bulb in the shed and smiles it comes to life. Another tough fight in the akhada with cousin and Geeta f manages to beat him. A faint smile comes on Mahavir Singh which he hides quickly. Geeta looks at Babita and they ex smiles. Cousin has a blank look on his face. Quick shots of four days where we see cousin beating Geet and Geeta beating him three times.
55) 0) text: Geeta, Babita, Cousin and Mahavir Singh are having food. is serving them. Geeta and Babita are looking at cousin a giggling. Mother puts Ghee in Geeta's plate. Geeta points the cousin.
55) 1) dialog: Dekh kaise kha raha hai
55) 4) dialog: Chal K2J2... "Jaan boojh keh haar ra-oon". Cousin keeps quiet.
56) 0) text: Geeta, Babita and cousin going on tractor with Mahavir Si
57) 0) text: Mahavir Singh walks up to the registration area along wit Geeta, Babita and cousin. There are a few guys sitting on behind the table. Lots of wrestlers are roaming around. D arena is well decorated. Some people have gathered around watch the dangal, though not too many. The guy with the r recognizes Mahavir Singh.
60) 0) text: Babita is sleeping. Geeta can't sleep.
62) 0) text: Geeta fights another Dangal with another tough opponent. gasps for breath as Geeta puts up brilliant fight. And this time she wins. Crowd roars. Mahavir Singh smiles quietly. Babita and cousin are jubil Organizer hands her a 20 rupee note as he raises her hand Geeta smiling and handing the note to Mahavir Singh. Maha Singh nods gently. Mahavir Singh taking Geeta and Babita to various dangals fight. Geeta wins another bout. Crowd roars. Geeta gives 50 buck Mahavir Singh. The empty wall starts getting photograhs, trophies, certificates, newspaper clips of Geeta back. The chicken shop guy puts a cut out of Geeta along with " Dangal Vijeta" or "Rohtak Open Champion" Mahavir Geeta Babita walking in to fight another dangal, by people. Geeta floors another guy. Crowd roars. At home mother warding evil's eye on Geeta. Mahavir Singh gestures towards Babita.
63) 0) text: Geeta, Babita and cousin are counting money on the bed.
71) 0) text: Omkar enters the terrace and puts the mattresses on a pil mattresses already lying there. Geeta and Babita smile as pants.
72) 0) text: Mahavir Singh is teaching the finer nuances of wrestling Geeta and Babita on the mats. Omkar is the subject. Third is a spectator. Mahavir Singh a make shift board next to He uses it to explain the wrestling fundamentals.
74) 13) dialog: Chaal Geeta.
74) 15) text: Main aur Babita half pant se full pant par aa gaye.
81) 0) text: Babita hands a glass of water to Mahavir Singh who is sit on a cot. Wife is standing nearby.
81) 3) dialog: Institute toh bahut bada hogga na?
81) 5) dialog: Aur udhar toh sab dhaakad hi aatte-ain Hai na.
81) 7) dialog: Phasulty toh jabardast hoggi na.
81) 9) dialog: Haan. Aur coach sir bhi ekdum top ke honge na?
84) 12) dialog: Haan didi, aap kab wapus aa rahe ho.
84) 14) dialog: Nahin nahin kuch nahin aap aa jao.
85) 0) text: Geeta has come home. Wife and Babita are chatting with he
85) 2) dialog: AapNe baal badha-hi liye. Achchi lag ri-oo Diddi.
85) 19) dialog: Sirf attack nahin karna defence karna bhi jaruri hai, pakad manne.Ab Kis tariyan chudavegi. Yo pakad kay tod aur ghuss.
85) 27) text: Usne nahin, manne sikha. Chaal Babita looks scandalized as Mahavir Singh takes off his k Mahavir Singh and Geeta come face to face. Bout starts. G takes it a bit easy. Mahavir Singh makes her go on her kn
86) 0) text: Geeta, Babita and Mahavir Singh are eating food. There is drop silence. Wife is looking at them and sensing somethi wrong.
86) 1) text: Geeta is packing her bag. Babita is watching.
86) 2) dialog: Diddi aaj jo hua na wohh theek ni hua.
86) 4) dialog: Unke tareekke kamjor nai-ain diddi, bas aadmi thoda kamjor ho gya-ai. Aur yo mat bhoolNa kay unhi kamjor tareekkon kay dum peh-ee aapne nassnul jeetta-ai.
86) 6) dialog: Theek-ai diddi, toh pher aap apne tareekkoon pe bharosa rakkho. Munne toh abi bhi pappa pe bharossa-ai.
86) 8) dialog: Aur main dua karoongi kay aap internassnul main achcha khello.
87) 1) dialog: Khuss najar ni aa rahe pappa. Main theek tara se nai khelli kay?
87) 3) dialog: Nai papa...
88) 0) text: Babita is entering the hostel building with her luggage.
89) 0) text: Babita is signing on the register. Geeta enters the frame behind and gives her a broad smile.
89) 2) dialog: Hello didi.
90) 0) text: Geeta is walking up the staircase with Babita. They cross hostel mates.
92) 0) text: Geeta shows Babita the lounge.
92) 2) dialog: Training center kaan-ai diddi?
94) 0) text: Geeta is putting nail polish. Babita is sitting on the be
94) 1) dialog: Ek baat bolloon diddi, bura mat maaNna.
94) 3) dialog: Aap na bahut badal gaye ho. Geeta just looks at her.
94) 6) dialog: Pappa ka sikhaaya munne sab yaad-ai diddi. Aap bhool gi-oo.
98) 0) text: Babita is standing outside Geeta's door, feeling bad.
100) 0) text: Geeta is sitting on the bench alone. Babita comes and sit to her.
100) 2) dialog: Woh main ni jaaNti diddi... main bas itna jaaNti-oon kay aap woh chhori-oo jisneh dangal main chhoroon ko patka-ai. Aap woh chhori-oo jisneh underweight hokeh bi sub-junior jeetti. Aapneh nassnul main teen saal tak sabko dhool chatai-ai. Ab agar aap inernassnul kay liye na baNi ho toh pher munne na pata kay India main kauN si chhori internassnul kay liye baNi-ai. tears in her eyes.
100) 3) dialog: Aur jitna bharossa munne-ai na aap peh, uss se kahin jaada bharossa pappa ko-ai. Ek baar baat toh karo.
100) 5) dialog: Pappa-ain woh maahre didi. Jaada se jaada kay hogga, chaar gaaliyaan-ee denge na. Kha leNa. Unki gaaliyaan bi to hamessa kaam aayi-ain na maahre. Geeta looks at Babita with tears in her eyes.
102) 0) text: Geeta is standing, holding the phone. She is trying hard control her tears. Babita is standing behind her.
104) 0) text: Geeta breaks down. She is sobbing now. Babita too has tea her eyes.
109) 0) text: Babita is doing warm up. Geeta enters. Babita notices her hair and smiles.
118) 3) dialog: Theek hoon paapa Geeta smiles. Babita turns to Omkar.
118) 4) dialog: Tu yaan kay kar ra-ai ?
118) 6) dialog: Chal k232
119) 4) dialog: Saat baje.
120) 0) text: Omkar is sitting on scooter. Geeta and Babita jump over t
121) 0) text: Geeta and Babita are jogging along with Omkar on scooter.
123) 0) text: Geeta and Babita come jogging. Mahavir Singh waves at th the balcony.
124) 0) text: Omkar cracks his own neck and looks set to wrestle with G Mahavir Singh stops him and gestures Geeta to practice wi Babita. Omkar makes a face. Mahavir Singh is watching Geeta wrestle it out with Babit giving tips.
126) 0) text: Coach is walking up to the other wrestlers standing in li Geeta and Babita run towards the group and join them. Coa passes by them without suspicion.
127) 0) text: Geeta and Babita are having food. Geeta is following the loss diet.
130) 0) text: Geeta and Babita are leaving for the early morning traini While they are leaving they are spotted by another female wrestler who is coming out of the washroom.
131) 0) text: Geeta and Babita are training under Mahavir Singh's guida
132) 0) text: The morning girl notices Geeta and Babita enter. She walk to the coach and draws his attention. Coach hears her out then he looks in the direction of Geeta and Babita.
135) 0) text: Mahavir Singh is sitting opposite committee. Coach is sit nearby. Geeta and Babita are standing
144) 0) text: Geeta's mobile is ringing. It reads Papa Calling. Babita sitting next to her. Mahavir Singh is talking to her from terrace. Geeta gets up and goes to the side.
146) 2) text: Geeta is practicing with Laali. Mahavir Singh's voice is on in the background. Geeta manages to surprise Laali wit move. Babita smiles from a distance.
147) 2) dialog: Chaal Geeta.
147) 6) dialog: Aap Ab tiyaar lag ri-ho didi. Papa ko btaya?
147) 8) dialog: Kay bole?
150) 17) dialog: Chal geeta chal ComMENTATOR 1 Geeta teen shunya se peeche unhe jaldi hi kuch karna hoga
151) 0) text: Geeta and Babita are having dinner. TV is blaring.
159) 15) dialog: Jeet le geeta chaal.
167) 0) text: Mahavir Singh has a chat with Geeta. At some distance Bal girls are having fun with Babita. Omkar and Chicken Shop are around.
177) 2) dialog: Gold jeetja Geeta. As Geeta stands and waits to walk up to the podium she no that Omkar is sitting alone. Omkar shows her a thumbs up. Geeta gestures and asks where is Mahavir Singh. Omkar gestures that he is coming. Geeta is not sure. Babita cheers her from behind. As they come face to face the Australian smirks and tells "Namaste" Referee blows the whistle and the match begins. Both the wrestlers test each other.
180) 0) text: Geeta almost ignores her coach as she goes up to hug Omka Babita and asking for Mahavir Singh.