14) 0) text: Mahavir Singh is putting Geeta to sleep. Wife is with Bab
15) 0) text: OTS of Mahavir Singh. Geeta (12 yrs), Babita (10 yrs), 3rd daughter (5 yrs) are at the new born baby, lying next to their mother. We see close ups of smiling faces of Geeta and Babita.
16) 0) text: Mahavir Singh is taking off the photographs from the wal putting them in a box. The wall is almost empty now as mo the photographs have landed in the box. Young Geeta comes to the window of the room.
16) 1) dialog: KhaNa lag gya-ai papa. Mahavir Singh looks at her and nods.
17) 0) text: Mahavir Singh seems to have resigned to fate. Mahavir Singh having dinner. Geeta and Babita serving him
19) 8) dialog: Shuruaat inne kari thi... manneh kutiya keh ra tha, Babitta neh kaminni... hamneh bhi dhar diye do-chaar.
19) 14) dialog: Aagge se nai maarengey Pappa.
19) 16) dialog: Usne Munneh kutiya bolo toh main to chup re gi, lekin usne Babitta ko kameenni keh diya... bas manneh lapek ke uske pet pe de dala ghusakar.
25) 0) text: Mahavir Singh walks up to Geeta and Babita. They are play a board game. They get up on seeing Mahavir Singh.
25) 2) dialog: Kyon pappa?
25) 4) text: Paanch baje... haan? Geeta and Babita nod. Mahavir Singh walks out. Geeta and look at each other and wonder.
25) 5) dialog: Ab kay kar diya tanneh?
26) 0) text: Close-up of two donas with pani puri. Geeta and Babita lo at them. They then look up. There is a pani puri guy stan there. Mahavir Singh is looking at them. Wife is standing nearby.
27) 3) dialog: Do chhoron ko peetNe ki itni badi saja aaj tak poori vishv main kisi ko na mili hoggi.
27) 5) dialog: Ab bata ri-ai. Geeta Babita watching TV. Mahavir Singh comes and switche off and looks at them. They go through evening training on terrace. Dinner time. Babita reaches out for achaar. Mahavir Singh at her and she opts for salad instead. Early morning. Wife giving milk to Geeta and Babita, they faces. Geeta Babita running in morning. Omkar laughs at them. Geeta and Babita crossing pani puri stall with Mahavir Si Mahavir Singh takes a deep breath. Mahavir Singh starts preparing an akhada in a field. Girls request their mother to save them from the regime pressing her feet at night.
27) 6) dialog: Tu jo bhi kehvehgi hum sab karenge mummy .
27) 11) dialog: Babita... pair thamegi mere?
29) 2) dialog: Ro kyun ra-ai? Teri toh sirph class lagi-ai, mahra toh syllabbus-ii badal gaya-ai. Chal daud.
29) 4) dialog: Yo toh munneh K2J2 laaggeh-ai.
29) 6) dialog: Khoon kam, jor jaada. They burst out laughing while cousin gives them glares. Cousin brother enters akhada with Geeta. He thrashes her
30) 0) text: Omkar and Geeta have their arms locked.
30) 1) dialog: K2J2 bolNe ke liye sorry.
30) 6) dialog: Sorry pappa.
33) 0) text: Cousin is blowing air into choolah. His eyes are burning. Mahavir Singh is cutting chicken into pieces. Geeta and B are watching from a distance. Wife comes with a kadhai an it on the choolah.
34) 5) dialog: Aaggeh ek sabad bi bolla na toh tera moon hogga aur mera mukka. Girl keeps quiet.
36) 0) text: Geeta and Babita are walking back and talking.
36) 1) dialog: Aaj toh main papa ko bol doongi ki pehalwanni jam ni ri-ai...
36) 3) text: Mahavir Singh is teaching younger daughters. Geeta and Babita walk in. They stand there and nudge each to talk.
36) 4) dialog: Pappa wohh pehalwanni jam ni ri-ai... Babitta ko. Babita looks surprised. Then she gets back.
36) 6) dialog: Babitta ko poori boddy main darad rehtta-ai... kis karwat soveh samajh ni aata.
36) 9) dialog: Haan Pappa woh maatti main kusti kar kar keh sare baaD kharaab ho ray-ain... iskeh toh juun bi pad gi. Saam ko-ee aath maari-ain. Mahavir Singh is thinking.
37) 0) text: Geeta is sitting in front of barber who is holding a scis Geeta is pleading to Mahavir Singh. A helpless mother is standing nearby and Babita is clutching to her.
37) 1) dialog: Pappa please, hameh koi problem na-ai... ulta hameh toh maja aa ra-ai...please pappa baaD mat katwao... aap jo be bollogay hum karainge. Maa.. Tu kuch kyun na kehti...dekhna pappa ke kar rahe hai...please pappa baal na katwao ...pappa aap jo bhi bologe hum sab kar lenge...aap subah uthne ko bolenge hum subah uth jayenge, daud lagwa lenge chu tak nahi karenge...bas baal mat katwao pappa...please baal mat katwao pappa
38) 0) text: Geeta and Babita are walking to school in their short cr People are shocked to see them like that. Then there is m laughter. Geeta and Babita walk with their heads down.
39) 0) text: Back shot Geeta and Babita walking. Girls giggling.
40) 0) text: Geeta is sitting with her head down. Other girls are gigg Sunita is sitting next to Geeta.
43) 0) text: Geeta and Babita are walking back. Two boy who had got th by Geeta Babita are watching. One of them sings.
43) 2) dialog: JaaN de Babita, apNa hee tam kharab chal ra-ai.
44) 0) text: Geeta and Babita are looking at their reflections in the with tears in their eyes.
44) 1) dialog: Bahot ho gayi pehalwanni. Ab dangal hogga.
45) 0) text: Geeta and Babita standing on the terrace, looking at Maha Singh in the courtyard. Mahavir Singh is sitting on a cot in the courtyard, young daughter is doing champi.
45) 4) dialog: Kay baat-ai pappa? Aaj late ho gaye.
45) 6) dialog: Koi ni humneh toh practice kar lee. Mahavir Singh looks at them suspiciously. Akhada. Dusk. Babita, while sprinkling water on the mud, sprinkles water on the bulb while Mahavir Singh is lookin Bulb blows its fuse.
45) 9) dialog: Qualty pappaji... qualty. Mahavir Singh wonders. Field. Mahavir Singh is sitting on the parked scooter. Om and Babita bring in a limping Geeta.
45) 11) text: Geeta sitting with bandaged foot. She has a smile on her Babita not resisting at all during her bout with Omkar.
46) 0) text: Babita is putting a tikki on Geeta's forehead with a pen.
47) 2) dialog: Papa ko mat bataana.
48) 0) text: Idiot hai mera banna Geeta and Babita are dancing in the sangeet. Cousin is al present there. Their friend Sunita, around same age, is d like a bride. Geeta and Babita are thoroughly enjoying th proceedings. Cousin joins in the dance. Dance is in full progress. Mahavir Singh enters. Geeta Ba and Omkar stop on seeing him. He looks at them in anger a slaps the cousin. Music stops. One of the guys is about to react while the other stops h
49) 0) text: Geeta, Babita and their bride friend are sitting. Geeta Babita have tears in their eyes. Geeta and Geeta and
49) 2) dialog: KauN baap apNi chhoriyoon se pehalwanni karwaatta-ai? Subah paanch baje uTha kay daudaatta-ai? Majdooron ki tara kaam karwaatta-ai? Chhoroon se ladwaatta-ai? Aur jara si choon-chaan karo toh sar kay baaD tak katwa detta-ai. Aissa baap bhagwan kisi ko na de.
49) 5) text: Mahavir Singh is sleeping. Geeta and Babita appear on the They have tears in their eyes. They stand there with tear their eyes, watching Mahavir Singh sleep.
50) 0) text: Geeta with tears in her eyes is winding the alarm clock. then adjusts the alarm hand to 4.30. Babita watches her w tears in her eyes.
52) 0) text: Mahavir Singh enters the room. Geeta and Babita are not o bed.
53) 0) text: Mahavir Singh walking towards the akhada, stops on seeing something. Geeta Babita are warming up in the akhada. Track kicks in.
54) 0) text: Geeta and Babita are running in the fields, cousin is try to catch up with them. Mahavir Singh is looking pleasantl surprised. Geeta fighting with cousin and giving him tough fight. Sh but doesn't look happy about it. Geeta and Babita doing more exercises. Geeta and Babita eating food and drinking milk. Geeta and Babita having different attitude to girls in th class. Dangal Song Mahavir Singh teaching them at Akhada. Geeta fighting with the cousin and losing after a tough Mahavir Singh explaining them finer nuances in akhada. Th attentive. More running, more exercise. Mahavir Singh switches on the bulb in the shed and smiles it comes to life. Another tough fight in the akhada with cousin and Geeta f manages to beat him. A faint smile comes on Mahavir Singh which he hides quickly. Geeta looks at Babita and they ex smiles. Cousin has a blank look on his face. Quick shots of four days where we see cousin beating Geet and Geeta beating him three times.
55) 0) text: Geeta, Babita, Cousin and Mahavir Singh are having food. is serving them. Geeta and Babita are looking at cousin a giggling. Mother puts Ghee in Geeta's plate. Geeta points the cousin.
55) 2) dialog: Isneh ghee ded-de ma. Keekkar ho gya-ai.
55) 5) dialog: Reh tension mat le, baat apNe beech main-ee rehvaigi. Hai toh tu bhi ApNi phamly ka. Teri badnaammi main maahri badnaammi bhi-ai. Geeta and Babita giggle.
56) 0) text: Geeta, Babita and cousin going on tractor with Mahavir Si
57) 0) text: Mahavir Singh walks up to the registration area along wit Geeta, Babita and cousin. There are a few guys sitting on behind the table. Lots of wrestlers are roaming around. D arena is well decorated. Some people have gathered around watch the dangal, though not too many. The guy with the r recognizes Mahavir Singh.
59) 12) dialog: Bas chhori samajh keh na ladiyo. Referee blows his whistle and wrestling begins. Soon Jass realizes that Geeta is not as easy as he might have thoug because geeta makes him stumble, much to everyone's amuse He gets back with proper energy. The fight engrosses and surprises everyone watching it. It's not an easy fight. N for Geeta, nor for Jassi. And much to everyone's surprise holds on well to Jassi. Jassi manages to beat Geeta but n before she has put up a good fight. People in the audienc dejection.
59) 23) dialog: Sorry Pappa! Mahavir Singh takes money and looks at it quietly. He th at people around him who are full of praise for Geeta. He turns to Geeta.
60) 0) text: Babita is sleeping. Geeta can't sleep.
61) 0) text: Mahavir Singh is standing on the terrace. Geeta walks up
61) 1) dialog: Paapa.. Agla dangal ladNe kab jaaNa-ai. Mahavir Singh just looks at her. Music kicks in.
62) 0) text: Geeta fights another Dangal with another tough opponent. gasps for breath as Geeta puts up brilliant fight. And this time she wins. Crowd roars. Mahavir Singh smiles quietly. Babita and cousin are jubil Organizer hands her a 20 rupee note as he raises her hand Geeta smiling and handing the note to Mahavir Singh. Maha Singh nods gently. Mahavir Singh taking Geeta and Babita to various dangals fight. Geeta wins another bout. Crowd roars. Geeta gives 50 buck Mahavir Singh. The empty wall starts getting photograhs, trophies, certificates, newspaper clips of Geeta back. The chicken shop guy puts a cut out of Geeta along with " Dangal Vijeta" or "Rohtak Open Champion" Mahavir Geeta Babita walking in to fight another dangal, by people. Geeta floors another guy. Crowd roars. At home mother warding evil's eye on Geeta. Mahavir Singh gestures towards Babita.
63) 0) text: Geeta, Babita and cousin are counting money on the bed.
71) 0) text: Omkar enters the terrace and puts the mattresses on a pil mattresses already lying there. Geeta and Babita smile as pants.
72) 0) text: Mahavir Singh is teaching the finer nuances of wrestling Geeta and Babita on the mats. Omkar is the subject. Third is a spectator. Mahavir Singh a make shift board next to He uses it to explain the wrestling fundamentals.
73) 0) text: Top angle shot of a real mat. Which matches with the prev shot. Geeta enters the frame, looking at it. Geeta touches the mat and feels it. A banner reads: National Sub Junior Wrestling Championshi Then she walks towards the centre, over the yellow zone.
74) 0) text: Geeta is getting her weight measured. The man looks at her weight and looks surprised.
75) 0) text: Geeta standing with Mahavir Singh. Few villagers are stan behind her. Geeta is Welcomed by her family members. Moth very happy. She does Aarti for Geeta.
76) 0) text: Mahavir Singh putting the gold medal on the wall and look at it with a smile. Everyone is happy. Omkar tells Geeta.
77) 0) text: Mahavir Singh is standing. Geeta walks up to him.
77) 1) dialog: Papa...
77) 3) dialog: Aapse kuch baat karni-thi.
77) 5) dialog: Papa wohh... ab jo main nassnul champion ho gi-oon, toh
77) 7) dialog: Nahi matlab, jobbhi nassnul champion baN jatta-ai ussneh aagge ki taiyaari kay liye Patiyalla jaaNa pade-ai... National sports academy main.
77) 9) dialog: Manne bhi jana padega Pappa, ab se training bhi wahin hoggi, aur coach bi wahin ka hogga.
78) 0) text: We see the main gate of NSA. Mahavir Singh and Geeta are in a cycle rickshaw and looking at the gate, a bit impres The guard looks at them questioningly.
78) 1) dialog: Geetta Kumari Phogaat... wrestling.
78) 3) dialog: Jagah toh achchi hai.
82) 0) text: Geeta is eating dessert with other girls. Her friend Laal storms in.
82) 2) dialog: Hmm.
82) 6) dialog: Main soNe jaa ri-oon.
83) 0) text: Camera pans over girls who are looking at TV. Geeta is al sitting there.
84) 0) text: Geeta and other girls are going through rigorous training the watchful eyes of the coach.
84) 6) dialog: Haan Pappa, training achchi chal ri-ai.Acha Chalti hoon, coach saab wait kar ray-ain. Bye Mahavir Singh keeps the phone down quietly. Geeta adjusts her hair on her ears. Geeta and Laali are jogging. Guys go jogging, looking at Geeta smiles at Laali. Girls having fun in the hostel staircase.
84) 13) dialog: Agle hafte aa ri-hoon. K le aaun?
84) 15) dialog: Chaal thik hai.
85) 0) text: Geeta has come home. Wife and Babita are chatting with he
85) 1) dialog: Achi lagi? Sach?
85) 4) dialog: Ab har baat pappa kay hisaab se toh nai ho sakti na mummy. Coach saab neh toh kuch ni kaha. Aur wohh toh itne bade coach-ain.
85) 6) dialog: Mummy, asli training na khul keh hotti-ai isstariyan bandh keh nai. Hum toh TV bhi dekhte-ain, pichchar bhi dekhte-ain, bhaar bhi kha lette-ain, perphormance main toh koi kami na aayi mere. Top ki-oon poore NSA main. Mahavir Singh enters the house.
85) 9) dialog: Achchi hoon pappa.
85) 13) dialog: Bhot badhiya chal ri-ai pappa... aapNe toh dekkha-ee-ai... kaaphi kuch naya seekhNe ko mil ra-ai... nayi staturgy, daav pench, technik... very good. Mahavir Singh is listening.
85) 14) dialog: Arr Main toh soch keh aayi-oon keh isneh bhi sikha keh jaaoongi... Isne bhi toh nassnul jeetNa hai.
85) 16) dialog: Wohh pappa...
85) 18) text: Geeta is watching two little girls practice in the pit. S corrects one of them.
85) 20) dialog: Yo toh purana tarika hai, ruk...Pakad manne. Tight pakad. yo angutha le is tariyan andar ghussa aur side me le, saamne nahin han, tod or ghuss...
85) 23) dialog: Pappa galt na-ai, yo jyada correct waDa hai. Coach saab neh sikhaya-ai.
85) 25) dialog: Pappa main toh...
85) 27) text: Usne nahin, manne sikha. Chaal Babita looks scandalized as Mahavir Singh takes off his k Mahavir Singh and Geeta come face to face. Bout starts. G takes it a bit easy. Mahavir Singh makes her go on her kn
85) 29) dialog: main ready nahi thi papa.
85) 31) dialog: yo-ii toh main bata ri thi pappa... Pharak toh-ai na. Mahavir Singh doesn't say anything. He just smiles meekly Geeta looks at Babita and smiles victoriously.
86) 0) text: Geeta, Babita and Mahavir Singh are eating food. There is drop silence. Wife is looking at them and sensing somethi wrong.
86) 1) text: Geeta is packing her bag. Babita is watching.
86) 3) dialog: Kay theek ni hua?hmm.. Yo toh ek din hoNa-ee tha. Kisi ko toh bataaNa-ee tha kay pappa ke tareekke kamjor-ain.
86) 5) dialog: Kamjor tareekkon se nassnul jeetta ja sakta-ai Babitta, internassnul nai. Aur yo baat tu jitni jaldi samajh le utnay phaayde main ravegi.
86) 7) dialog: Main bhagwan se dua karoongi kay tu nassnul main achcha khelley.
89) 0) text: Babita is signing on the register. Geeta enters the frame behind and gives her a broad smile.
89) 1) dialog: Aa gayi champion.
89) 3) dialog: Ab tak gussa hai? Chaal. Babita just smiles.
90) 0) text: Geeta is walking up the staircase with Babita. They cross hostel mates.
90) 1) dialog: Bag me k bhar laayi.itna Bhaari hai.
90) 2) dialog: Jasmeet, Yo meri chhotti sister.. Babitta.
90) 3) text: Oye teri poori family wrestlers di-ai! Geeta smiles.
91) 0) text: Geeta shows her the mess.
91) 1) dialog: Yo mess hai, yaaan hum pail keh khaatte-ain.
92) 0) text: Geeta shows Babita the lounge.
92) 1) dialog: yo longe-ai, yaan hum phail keh TV dekhte-ain.
92) 3) dialog: Badi utawaDi ho ri-ai. Kal dekh leNa. Aaj aaram kar le.
94) 0) text: Geeta is putting nail polish. Babita is sitting on the be
94) 2) dialog: Haan bol.
94) 5) dialog: Pappa neh sikhya keh bhejja-ai tunneh?
94) 7) dialog: Tu na apNi training peh dhyaan de. Main apNi dekh li-oongi. Aur tu kay tichcher baN ri-ai, ek-ee phight toh haari-oon. Babita is quiet.
95) 0) text: We see a series of losses for Geeta. Geeta loses a bout.
96) 0) text: Geeta is looking sad, tears are welling up her eyes. Coac the room.
98) 0) text: Babita is standing outside Geeta's door, feeling bad.
99) 0) text: Geeta is crying
100) 0) text: Geeta is sitting on the bench alone. Babita comes and sit to her.
100) 1) dialog: Tunneh bi laggeh-ai kay main Geeta has internassnul meddul ke liye na baNi-oon?
100) 4) dialog: Kis moon se baat karoon?
102) 0) text: Geeta is standing, holding the phone. She is trying hard control her tears. Babita is standing behind her.
104) 0) text: Geeta breaks down. She is sobbing now. Babita too has tea her eyes.
108) 0) text: Geeta is cutting her hair.
109) 0) text: Babita is doing warm up. Geeta enters. Babita notices her hair and smiles.
110) 6) dialog: Sir, sir maine pachpunn killo main-ee ladNa-ai. He calls out to the dietcian.
120) 0) text: Omkar is sitting on scooter. Geeta and Babita jump over t
121) 0) text: Geeta and Babita are jogging along with Omkar on scooter.
123) 0) text: Geeta and Babita come jogging. Mahavir Singh waves at th the balcony.
124) 0) text: Omkar cracks his own neck and looks set to wrestle with G Mahavir Singh stops him and gestures Geeta to practice wi Babita. Omkar makes a face. Mahavir Singh is watching Geeta wrestle it out with Babit giving tips.
125) 0) text: Mahavir Singh hands Geeta a tiffin. Geeta is touched. Mahavir Singh takes phone from Omkar and then hands over same mobile phone to Geeta.
126) 0) text: Coach is walking up to the other wrestlers standing in li Geeta and Babita run towards the group and join them. Coa passes by them without suspicion.
127) 0) text: Geeta and Babita are having food. Geeta is following the loss diet.
128) 0) text: Geeta is eating the food that has come from home. And Ba is longingly looking at the delicious food and she asks f small bite in gesture.
130) 0) text: Geeta and Babita are leaving for the early morning traini While they are leaving they are spotted by another female wrestler who is coming out of the washroom.
131) 0) text: Geeta and Babita are training under Mahavir Singh's guida
132) 0) text: The morning girl notices Geeta and Babita enter. She walk to the coach and draws his attention. Coach hears her out then he looks in the direction of Geeta and Babita.
133) 0) text: Geeta's weight is checked. She hasn't lost weight.
133) 3) text: Mahavir Singh is on the call with Geeta. He is listening and after a while he speaks.
135) 0) text: Mahavir Singh is sitting opposite committee. Coach is sit nearby. Geeta and Babita are standing
137) 0) text: Geeta is talking on the phone.
137) 1) dialog: Teen ko toh manne tough fight di pappa. Lekkin jisne munne sabse ganda haraya na papa... sije main bhi kam thi, taakkat bhi itni na thi... lekkin nau points se hara gayi.
137) 3) dialog: Har match ki-ai pappa. Library main.
144) 0) text: Geeta's mobile is ringing. It reads Papa Calling. Babita sitting next to her. Mahavir Singh is talking to her from terrace. Geeta gets up and goes to the side.
144) 2) dialog: Kay hoya pappa?
144) 5) dialog: Haanji pappa hain.
144) 7) dialog: Laalli se laptop maang loongi.
145) 0) text: Geeta's mobile is on loud speaker. Mahavir Singh talks to partly from room and partly from terrace.
145) 2) dialog: Hanji pappa Laga di.
145) 4) dialog: Hmm. Geeta pauses the video at the mentioned time line. It's h a bout with another wrestler.
146) 0) text: Geeta is applying the trick on Laali and succeeding.
146) 2) text: Geeta is practicing with Laali. Mahavir Singh's voice is on in the background. Geeta manages to surprise Laali wit move. Babita smiles from a distance.
147) 0) text: Geeta is watching the laptop. Her mobile is on loud speak Mahavir Singh is telling her something.
147) 7) dialog: Hmm
147) 9) dialog: Jyada khush hone ki jarurat na hai. Geeta smiles.
149) 0) text: Geeta is standing alone, looking at the mat. Voice are ec in her head.
150) 0) text: Geeta is walking in the tunnel towards the wrestling aren
150) 2) text: Scene changes to stadium. Voices come back. Geeta exhales takes a look at Mahavir Singh and Mahavir Singh just nods reassuringly and gestures her to go and fight. She muster courage and enters the fighting area.
150) 31) text: Geeta shuru se hee attacking khelti hui Mahavir Singh is watching. Geeta scores one point.
151) 0) text: Geeta and Babita are having dinner. TV is blaring.
152) 2) text: Coach is having a chat with Geeta.
159) 0) text: Geeta and Naomi Edwards walk out to play the match. More have come to watch the match. They cheer as the wrestlers out to wrestle.
159) 24) dialog: Sir jaisa maine seekha hai, main waisa hee lad rahi hoon. Coach gives a dirty look to Mahavir Singh. Third round be
159) 34) text: Geeta... Geeta slowly looks towards Mahavir Singh. Mahavir Singh gestures her to go for attack. Geeta takes a defensive po Lovina takes her grip. Tension. Referee blows his whistle Sushil Kumar move. Exhiliration. Omkar is ecstatic. So is Geeta. Nigerian quietly walks ba her corner. Commentators are going berserk. Mahavir Singh quietly watching the audience clap. Geeta waves to the cr as she leaves. Omkar also gets up. Mahavir Singh stays se
162) 0) text: Coach and Geeta with Media.
163) 0) text: Coach and Geeta with media.
164) 1) text: Itna aasan na hogga phinal. Coach and Geeta with media.
164) 3) dialog: Iska poora credditt jo-ai wohh mere pappa ko jaatta-ai. Coach is stunned to hear this.
164) 4) dialog: Unhone mere upar bharossa karNa kabhi band ni kiya.
166) 0) text: Geeta watching Australian's interview.
167) 0) text: Mahavir Singh has a chat with Geeta. At some distance Bal girls are having fun with Babita. Omkar and Chicken Shop are around.
167) 1) dialog: Kal ki staturgy kay-hai Pappa?
171) 0) text: Geeta walking to fight.
173) 0) text: Geeta and Australian walk in to fight the finals. Stadium packed to capacity. Indian flags are flying in the audien People are cheering. Balali girls are looking excited.
175) 0) text: Geeta gets up to fight the bout.
177) 0) text: Geeta and Australian come face to face. People are cheering. Balali girls are looking excited.
177) 8) text: Angelina ko jaldi hi kuch karna padega. geeta kay pass 4 points ki lead hai.angelina Ka acha attack lekin geeta unpar bhari padti hui.aur Ye geeta unpe aur bhari padti hui hai.geeta Ka ek aur attack, angelina ka unpar shandaar counter attack. Both wrestlers are locked up. Angelina attacks nicely and scores 1 point.
178) 0) text: Young Geeta goes inside the water. She is struggling and for breath. Through her POV, we see a figure suggesting M Singh instructing her.
178) 2) text: sirf 22 second rah gaye hain. Aur geeta abhi bhi 4 points se peeche hai.iss Level par itna jyada points ki lead kam karnaitne kam samay me laghbhag naamunkeen hai.
180) 0) text: Geeta almost ignores her coach as she goes up to hug Omka Babita and asking for Mahavir Singh.
180) 2) dialog: Pappa kahan hai.?
182) 0) text: Geeta is getting the gold medal.
187) 0) text: Mahavir Singh enters the stadium. The coach is about to p with Geeta for the press. Just then Geeta sees Mahavir Si enter. She runs towards him, leaving the coach fuming.