0) 2) dialog: 
0) 4) dialog: Na.
0) 6) dialog: Reh na hoya.
1) 2) dialog: Reh theek tara ghumaveh na. Peon hurriedly pops in tobacco and rotates the antenna.
2) 0) text: TV screen comes to life. An international wrestling match going on. We see Mahavir Singh, a young man around 25-28 old, looking at the TV from the window. A smile appears o face.
2) 1) dialog: Aa gya.
3) 2) dialog: Na. Pakad keh khadiya reh. Peon makes a face.
4) 0) text: Mahavir Singh enters the office, his eyes are glued to th A couple of his colleagues, working, look at him and shak heads in disapproval.
4) 2) dialog: Meddul toh apNe chhore bi la sakey-ain baisaab, par koi badhava de tab na. Match continues.
4) 3) dialog: Na paise na phehsulty, kis tara jeet-thaingey meddul apNe chhore. Harkindar Singh Bullar, a well built man comes and stands to him.
4) 6) dialog: Tabi main sochchun.
4) 8) dialog: Aapki lagta-ai kai baar hui hai baisaab... hawa tight.
4) 10) dialog: Akhade ki kay jaroorat hai. Harkindar gets an arrogant smile on his face. Quick shots of tables getting shifted. We see few people in the office raise their heads to see going on. Mahavir Singh and Harkindar are taking off their shirts. More people are gathering around them. Mahavir Singh and Harkindar are rolling up their pants. Two wrestlers are coming face to face for a bout on TV. Mahavir Singh and Harkindar are coming face to face in of
4) 14) dialog: Mann me koi malal reh gaya ho to Ek baar aur kosis kar le. Harkindar is more cautious now. His smile has vaNSAhed. But Mahavir Singh brings him down again, even more forcef People in the office watch it in awe.
4) 18) dialog: Arey Dil chhotta mat kar, national level champion se haara-ai tu. Harkindar is surprised to hear it. Mahavir Singh picks up shirt and walks towards the TV.as he buttons it. As he st and watches the match, a smile appears on his face. kicks in.
5) 0) text: Credit titles appear. Dangal Title song Mahavir Singh cycling towards an Akhada. Title track Mahavir engrossed in watching two wrestlers fight it out pit. Langots hanging on clothes line. An akhada wall painted beautifully. Mud in akhada. Mugdars arranged in an akhada. Desi push ups. Desi sit ups. Wrestlers getting massage done. Wrestlers touching guru's feet. Wrestlers (all ages) putting mud on their bodies and fore Wrestlers fighting it out in akhada. Guru watching them. Bouts continue. Wrestlers drinking milk. Mahavir Singh along with few others, watching a small kid with a bulkier kid at village chaupal. The smaller kid br the bulkier kid down, much to Mahavir Singh's delight. Ma Singh turns to people around him.
5) 1) dialog: Chota wala hi jeetega, yo dekh Siraph boddy baNaanne se koi pehalwaan nahi baN jaatta. idhar aa beta...Pehalwanni jo-ai na... vo khoon main hotti-ai bhaisaab... khoon main. Mahavir Singh takes out a ten rupee note and hands it to winning kid.
5) 2) dialog: Yo le, doodh pe leNa. Jeeta reh. Few more shots of wrestling. Mahavir Singh watching kushti, looking pensive. Cut to flashback:
6) 0) text: Mahavir Singh, 19 years old, is fighting at National championship. Mahavir Singh on podium, getting a medal. Mahavir Singh at home. His father is angry with him
7) 0) text: Mahavir Singh having food with Harkindar.
7) 2) dialog: Chhoddi nahi bai, chhodNi padgi. Pehalwanni main sohrat kamaai, ijjat kamaai, bas paise nai kama paaya. Naukri kar lee.
8) 0) text: Mahavir Singh standing, getting scolded by his boss. Boss and Mahavir Singh looks around quietly.
8) 2) text: Mahavir Singh is seeing his photographs hanging on the wa a wrestler and his achievements in various places. There gold medal hanging there too. His pregnant wife comes in sees him in a sombre mood. She goes and stand next to him looks at her.
8) 4) dialog: Jo main karNa chahtta tha wohh mahara betta kar keh dikhaavehga. desh ke liye gold jeetega humara beta. Apna tiranga sabse upar lehravega tu dekh lena. He then goes back to looking at his laurels.
9) 0) text: Mahavir Singh is watching a bout. Same little boy comes r and tells him something. Mahavir Singh runs out.
10) 0) text: Mahavir Singh enters the house. His brother is sitting th with his son (3-4 year old Omkar).
10) 3) text: Chhori hui-ai. Mahavir Singh's smile drops. Brother taps on his shoulder console him.
11) 0) text: A man is whispering something in Mahavir Singh's ears. As finishes Mahavir Singh's eyes sparkle.
11) 3) text: Mahavir ek Putar mantar likh keh de ra-oon, sachche maNn se jaap karte rehnNa. Mahavir Singh takes the paper and touches it to his eyes. Mahavir Singh rotating rudraksh mala while working in off An old man is telling Mahavir Singh at chaupal.
12) 0) text: Mahavir Singh is sitting with his 2 year old daughter Gee his lap. His brother and Omkar (now 5-6 years old) are si nearby. All the advisers along with other villagers are a present there.
13) 0) text: Various men and women are telling where Mahavir Singh and wife have gone wrong in their actions.
14) 0) text: Mahavir Singh is putting Geeta to sleep. Wife is with Bab
14) 2) dialog: Isemin teri galati thodi na hai -Galat mat samajh munneh. Geetta aur Babitta donno-ii bhot pyaari-ain manneh. Par mera jo sapNa-ai na, wohh siraph chhora-ii poora kar sakeh-ai.
15) 0) text: OTS of Mahavir Singh. Geeta (12 yrs), Babita (10 yrs), 3rd daughter (5 yrs) are at the new born baby, lying next to their mother. We see close ups of smiling faces of Geeta and Babita.
16) 0) text: Mahavir Singh is taking off the photographs from the wal putting them in a box. The wall is almost empty now as mo the photographs have landed in the box. Young Geeta comes to the window of the room.
16) 2) dialog: Hmmm . Mahavir Singh then looks at the lone medal hanging on the He takes it off too and puts it in the box.
17) 0) text: Mahavir Singh seems to have resigned to fate. Mahavir Singh having dinner. Geeta and Babita serving him
18) 0) text: Mahavir Singh comes back home. Wife comes at the door. Sh worried. Mahavir Singh gestures her to ask what happened. gestures back indicating him to come inside.
19) 0) text: Mahavir Singh enters and stops on seeing something. Two m up from the cot on seeing him. Two boys, around 13-14 yea are standing next to them, beaten and bruised. Their wive standing behind them with ghoonghats over their faces. Yo daughters are also present there.
19) 5) dialog: Re kyon maara? Cousin takes a defensive pose but gets slapped. Wife inte
19) 10) dialog: Haan... itna toh nai maarNa chahiye tha. Bachchi samajh keh maaph kar do. Men and women walk out with their kids.
19) 13) dialog: Idhar aao. Geeta and Babita walk towards him, Babita taking shelter Geeta. They have tears in their eyes and look scared.
19) 15) dialog: Tch tch, pelleh yo batao maara kaise? Geeta and Babita muster up courage. They start demonstrat their moves keeping cousin brother as the subject.
20) 0) text: Mahavir Singh is talking to his wife. Younger daughters a sleeping.
20) 1) dialog: Main hamessa yo soch keh rotta raha kay chhora hotta toh des ke liye kusti main gold laatta. Par yo baat meri samaj main na aayi kay gold to gold hotta-ai, chhora laavey ya chhori. Wife just looks at him stunned.
20) 2) dialog: Aaj ke baad Geetta aur Babitta na choolla chaukka karaingi na jhaadoo pochcha... inke khoon main pehalwaanni-ai... aaj ke baad yo sirph pehalwanni karengi. Wife just looks at him.
21) 0) text: Mahavir Singh is bathing by the hand pump while his wife filling the bucket.
21) 2) dialog: Mahri chhoriyaan chhoron se kam thode na-ain. Mahavir Singh gets up and dries himself. Wife tells herse
22) 0) text: Wife is making roti, lost in her thoughts. She puts in a on Mahavir Singh's plate.
22) 2) dialog: Kab tak bollaingeh?
23) 0) text: Wife is awake. Mahavir Singh's eyes are closed.
23) 2) dialog: Judwa lenge.
23) 3) text: Mahavir Singh is leaving for office. Wife hands him tiffi
23) 5) dialog: Pata ni.
24) 0) text: Mahavir Singh is cleaning a Mugdar. Wife comes to the doo
24) 2) dialog: Bas ek saal dedde munneh... Ek saal tak tu apNe kalejje peh paththar rakh le. Agar galat saabbitt ho gya to main jindagi bhar apNe kalejje peh paththar rakh loonga. Wife keeps quiet.
25) 0) text: Mahavir Singh walks up to Geeta and Babita. They are play a board game. They get up on seeing Mahavir Singh.
25) 1) dialog: Kal subah paanch baje taiyaar rehNa.
25) 3) dialog: Tum donno ko gol-gappe khilaNey-ain. Geeta and Babita smile nervously. Mahavir Singh smiles ba
25) 4) text: Paanch baje... haan? Geeta and Babita nod. Mahavir Singh walks out. Geeta and look at each other and wonder.
26) 0) text: Close-up of two donas with pani puri. Geeta and Babita lo at them. They then look up. There is a pani puri guy stan there. Mahavir Singh is looking at them. Wife is standing nearby.
26) 1) dialog: Khaao. Geeta and Babita pick up the donas and start eating.
26) 2) dialog: Kaise-ain?
26) 4) dialog: Haan bhai thoda aur teekkha baNa de. Gol-gappa guy adds spice. Babita likes it.
26) 5) dialog: Jitna khaaNa hai abhi kha lo. Geeta and Babita stop eating.
26) 6) dialog: Kyonki aaj se tum donno pehalwaano ki jindagi jiyogi. Geeta and Babita are stunned to hear it. They look at th mother. She keeps a straight face.
26) 7) dialog: Aur pehalwaano ko gol-gappe, achaar, chooraN, chatpata... jo sab tum donno ko pasand-ai na, woh sab khaaNa mana hai. Geeta and Babita look nervous. Gol-gappa guy offers them gol-gappas.
26) 8) dialog: Aaj ke baad na milaingey. Babita extends her hand. While Geeta just looks at her.
27) 0) text: Mahavir Singh starts girls' training.
27) 1) dialog: Chal chal aur tej bhaag babita rukna nahi hai Mahavir Singh near parked scooter. Geeta Babita doing rou They come back.
27) 13) dialog: ApNi maatti ki hamessa ijjat karNa. Kyonkay jitni ijjat tum maatti ki karoggi, utni-ee ijjat maatti se tumneh milehgi. He uses cousin as his subject. And shows Geeta and Babita moves. Poor cousin bears the brunt. He shows Geeta and Babita some moves. Geeta and Babita watch him closely. He then makes Geeta a Babita enter the akhada. Geeta and Babita touch the mud a enter the akhada. He makes them fight against each other soon realizes that these girls need stronger opponents fo better training.
28) 0) text: Mahavir Singh's brother looks surprised. Omkar is standin there with a tray in his hand, carrying lassi.
28) 3) dialog: Haan kay na?
28) 5) text: Toh bhej de. Mahavir Singh walks out. Brother and Omkar look at him.
29) 10) dialog: Mere saath ladehga? Cousin shows him his pinky.
29) 13) dialog: Ek wagat pe main ya toh inka guru ho sakta hoon, ya baap. Jahan guru hogga na, waan baap ni ho sakta. Wife just looks at him.
30) 3) dialog: Majaak laga rakha-ai kay? Babita are stunned.
30) 4) dialog: Wo tenneh patakni de ra-ai aur tu kha ri-ai. Geeta keeps quiet. Geeta and
30) 5) dialog: Left side peh patak ra-ai toh left side peh jor de keh kyon na rokti usneh.
30) 7) dialog: Betta yo kusti-ai. Teen sorry main khel khatam ho jaatta hai. Babita are quiet.
30) 8) dialog: Chal, pher jor laga.
30) 9) dialog: Arey jaan na hai ke tere mein? Geeta and cousin lock hands again. Geeta is trying to hol but not succeeding. Mahavir Singh doesn't look pleased.
31) 0) text: Wife is having an argument with Mahavir Singh.
31) 2) dialog: Samjhya kar, pehalwaanno ko protein ki jaroorat padti-ai.
31) 4) dialog: Tu chatti-ai teri chhoriyaan kamjor pehalwaan baNein?
31) 6) dialog: Reh Omkar, choollah baNaana aatta-ai tunneh?
31) 8) dialog: Toh seekh le. Mahavir Singh walks out.
32) 0) text: Mahavir Singh is talking to the owner.
32) 2) dialog: Dekh, aaj nai to kal Geetta-Babitta top ki pehalwaan baNengi. Aur jab loggon ko pata chaleh-ga kay woh teri dukaan ka chickun khaatti-ain toh log chickun khareedne kaan jaayenge?
32) 4) dialog: Aur dukaan-neh bhi-ain.
32) 6) dialog: Pachchees se ek bhi dhel-la ooppar ni dunga.
33) 0) text: Cousin is blowing air into choolah. His eyes are burning. Mahavir Singh is cutting chicken into pieces. Geeta and B are watching from a distance. Wife comes with a kadhai an it on the choolah.
34) 0) text: Villagers are bitching about Mahavir Singh. Barber shop. Day.
35) 2) dialog: Main apni chhoriyon ko itna kaabil banaaoonga ki chhore unhe dekhne nahi, wohh chhoron ko dekhne jaayengi.
36) 3) text: Mahavir Singh is teaching younger daughters. Geeta and Babita walk in. They stand there and nudge each to talk.
36) 8) dialog: Inme se toh munneh koi problem na laage.Koi asli problem ho toh bataao. Girls turn to go back. Then they turn back.
36) 11) dialog: Thik hai Kal suba paanch baje taiyaar rehNa. Girls' smiles disappear.
37) 0) text: Geeta is sitting in front of barber who is holding a scis Geeta is pleading to Mahavir Singh. A helpless mother is standing nearby and Babita is clutching to her.
37) 2) dialog: Kaat
37) 4) dialog: Bada sake hai ke? ...kaat Mother stands there with tears in her eyes. Mahavir Singh at the barber and asks him to proceed. He starts to trim hair. Geeta has tears in her eyes. So does Babita.
42) 0) text: Mahavir Singh and his brother are talking.
42) 2) dialog: Bas itna samajh le jo bi kar ra-oon inke bhale ke liye kar ra-oon. Har wohh cheej jo pehalwanni se inka dhyaan hataavehgi, main usneh hata dunga. Brother is speechless.
45) 0) text: Geeta and Babita standing on the terrace, looking at Maha Singh in the courtyard. Mahavir Singh is sitting on a cot in the courtyard, young daughter is doing champi.
45) 8) dialog: Reh..Yo roj balub kis tariya phiuje ho jaatta-ai.
45) 14) dialog: Lagaaoon kay? Chal dafa hojao. Omkar quietly checks his biceps and smiles. Geeta and Babita smile. Mahavir Singh is seems to be understanding their game plan.
48) 0) text: Idiot hai mera banna Geeta and Babita are dancing in the sangeet. Cousin is al present there. Their friend Sunita, around same age, is d like a bride. Geeta and Babita are thoroughly enjoying th proceedings. Cousin joins in the dance. Dance is in full progress. Mahavir Singh enters. Geeta Ba and Omkar stop on seeing him. He looks at them in anger a slaps the cousin. Music stops. One of the guys is about to react while the other stops h
49) 5) text: Mahavir Singh is sleeping. Geeta and Babita appear on the They have tears in their eyes. They stand there with tear their eyes, watching Mahavir Singh sleep.
51) 0) text: Mahavir Singh gets up.
52) 0) text: Mahavir Singh enters the room. Geeta and Babita are not o bed.
53) 0) text: Mahavir Singh walking towards the akhada, stops on seeing something. Geeta Babita are warming up in the akhada. Track kicks in.
54) 0) text: Geeta and Babita are running in the fields, cousin is try to catch up with them. Mahavir Singh is looking pleasantl surprised. Geeta fighting with cousin and giving him tough fight. Sh but doesn't look happy about it. Geeta and Babita doing more exercises. Geeta and Babita eating food and drinking milk. Geeta and Babita having different attitude to girls in th class. Dangal Song Mahavir Singh teaching them at Akhada. Geeta fighting with the cousin and losing after a tough Mahavir Singh explaining them finer nuances in akhada. Th attentive. More running, more exercise. Mahavir Singh switches on the bulb in the shed and smiles it comes to life. Another tough fight in the akhada with cousin and Geeta f manages to beat him. A faint smile comes on Mahavir Singh which he hides quickly. Geeta looks at Babita and they ex smiles. Cousin has a blank look on his face. Quick shots of four days where we see cousin beating Geet and Geeta beating him three times.
55) 0) text: Geeta, Babita, Cousin and Mahavir Singh are having food. is serving them. Geeta and Babita are looking at cousin a giggling. Mother puts Ghee in Geeta's plate. Geeta points the cousin.
55) 7) dialog: Kal na ho paavehga, tere se.
55) 9) dialog: Kal hum Rohttak ja ray-ain... Everyone looks at Mahavir Singh.
55) 10) dialog: Dangal ladNe.
55) 12) dialog: Reh teri baat kauN kar ra-ai. Geeta Babita exchange a glance. Mother looks at Mahavir S Cousin looks at Geeta and then looks back at Mahavir Sing
55) 14) dialog: Kyon? Tu chhora na hai kay? Tunneh toh tika diya isne. Cousin keeps quiet. Everyone just looks at Mahavir Singh.
57) 0) text: Mahavir Singh walks up to the registration area along wit Geeta, Babita and cousin. There are a few guys sitting on behind the table. Lots of wrestlers are roaming around. D arena is well decorated. Some people have gathered around watch the dangal, though not too many. The guy with the r recognizes Mahavir Singh.
57) 2) dialog: Saath pehalwan bhi laya hoon. Guy shows excitement.
57) 4) dialog: Geetta Kumari Phogaat.
57) 6) dialog: Geetta Kumari Phogaat. Guy bends and looks behind Mahavir Singh and sees Geeta.
57) 8) dialog: Haan... toh? The guy and other guys burst out laughing. Mahavir Singh them laugh. Then he picks up the pen and puts it in front the main guy who stops laughing. He looks at Mahavir Sing looks serious about what he has said.
57) 9) dialog: Likh
57) 11) dialog: Badi door se aaye hain. Lade bina toh jaayenge nai. Ya toh Geetta ladegi, ya tu aur main.
57) 13) dialog: Kay galat baar kar ra-oon main?
57) 18) dialog: Chal
59) 10) dialog: Dangal ladNe se pehlle darr se ladNa padta-ai. Meri chhori darr se toh jeet gi-ai. The man looks at Mahavir Singh in disbelief. Mahavir Sing a proud smile on his face. Cousin and Babita look worried. Geeta walks towards the mud arena and comes face to face Jassi who has a smirk on his face. As they shake hands re turns to Jassi.
59) 14) dialog: Chaal Geeta badiaa.
59) 16) dialog: Ghuss jaa andar.. Palti maar
59) 18) dialog: Palat de Geeta. Chit kar.
59) 24) dialog: Koi ni... chal.
61) 0) text: Mahavir Singh is standing on the terrace. Geeta walks up
62) 0) text: Geeta fights another Dangal with another tough opponent. gasps for breath as Geeta puts up brilliant fight. And this time she wins. Crowd roars. Mahavir Singh smiles quietly. Babita and cousin are jubil Organizer hands her a 20 rupee note as he raises her hand Geeta smiling and handing the note to Mahavir Singh. Maha Singh nods gently. Mahavir Singh taking Geeta and Babita to various dangals fight. Geeta wins another bout. Crowd roars. Geeta gives 50 buck Mahavir Singh. The empty wall starts getting photograhs, trophies, certificates, newspaper clips of Geeta back. The chicken shop guy puts a cut out of Geeta along with " Dangal Vijeta" or "Rohtak Open Champion" Mahavir Geeta Babita walking in to fight another dangal, by people. Geeta floors another guy. Crowd roars. At home mother warding evil's eye on Geeta. Mahavir Singh gestures towards Babita.
62) 1) dialog: Kal se iski bhi utaarni padegi. Next Babita is fighting a dangal while Geeta watches look nervous. Babita wins and Geeta is ecstatic. Babita hands rupee note to Mahavir Singh. Mahavir Singh is placing the notes Geeta and Babita have like photos in an album. He has a smile on his face. Geeta and Babita walking in school. Other girls are showi respect to them. People pouring in to watch their matches. Geeta and Babit winning more. Geeta, Babita, Omkar and Mahavir Singh under a tree and e food.
65) 0) text: Mahavir Singh is talking to his boss.
65) 2) dialog: Sir, Geetta ko nassnul kay liye taiyaar karaaNa-ai sir.
66) 0) text: Mahavir Singh is talking to his wife.
66) 2) dialog: Mere paas aur koi chaara na tha. Ummeed toh main chhodNe se raha, to naukri-ee chhod dee.
66) 4) dialog: ApNi puraanni jameen peh khetti karoonga... Mehnnat ka kaam-ai, par kam se kam in chhoriyon ko wagat toh de paaoonga. Wife keeps quiet.
67) 0) text: Officer is eating laddoo. Mahavir Singh is sitting in fro him.
67) 2) dialog: Sirji thoda phund mil jaatta toh kaaphi help ho jaatti... woh kay hai na kay chhori ab state level peh aa gi-ai.
67) 4) dialog: Mat lagwa keh practice karwaNa chahtta hoon sirji... badhiya khelti ai chhori... aaj aap sapport karoge na toh kal woh des ka naam rossan karegi.
67) 6) dialog: India meddul isliye nai jeet patta-ai kyonkay kursi peh aap jaise ophsur baitthe-ain.
68) 0) text: Mahavir Singh is drinking with his brother.
68) 1) dialog: Deemmak paal rakkhi-ain saali phederation main, khokhla kar rakha-ai seports ko. Meddul laaNe ke liye support koi nai detta, par meddul na mileh toh gaali sab dette-ain. Meddulist ped peh nai ugte. Unheh baNaana padta hai. Pyaar se, mehnnat se, lagan se... aur yaan toh mat kay paise deNe main maa mar rai-ai saalon ki.
68) 3) dialog: Re Synthetic gadde hottey-ain jinpeh pehalwaan kusti ladte hain.
70) 0) text: Omkar enters the house. Mahavir Singh instructs him to go the terrace.
72) 0) text: Mahavir Singh is teaching the finer nuances of wrestling Geeta and Babita on the mats. Omkar is the subject. Third is a spectator. Mahavir Singh a make shift board next to He uses it to explain the wrestling fundamentals.
72) 1) dialog: Maatti wali kushti aur mat waali kushti mein fark hota hai. Ab humne mat pe ladna hai. Aur mat wali kushti mein points banaane padte hain. Geeta and Babita are listening. Mahavir Singh points at the paper on the board. It has 1, 3 and 5 written on it.
72) 2) dialog: Points hote hain 1, 2, 3 aur 5. He calls Omkar near him and gets into a mock bout positio makes a move and brings Omkar down on his knees gently.
72) 3) dialog: Omkar, Jo toone saamnewaale ki kamar pakad ke usko ghutne ke bal gira diya toh toonee ek point milega. He looks at the third daughter and asks. She raises a small placard which reads 1 and blows a whis
72) 4) dialog: Ar ground position se jo toone saamne wale ki peeth mat ki taraf ghuma dee toh toonee 2 point mil jaayenge. He shows the move on Omkar. Then he shows a few more moves to score two points.
72) 5) dialog: Yo krne k kai tarikke hain. Yo, aur ground position me iss tariyan pakad ke.. Third daughter blows whistle and shows the placard which 2. Cut back to Mahavir Singh. He brings Omkar back to bout p again. Geeta and Babita are observing. He shows another move on Omkar.
72) 6) dialog: Jo toone saamnewaale ko standing position se khade khade hi hawa mein ghuma ke peeth ke bal gira diya toh toone teen points mil javenge. yo peeth k bal, 3 point. Yo standing position se yo peeth k bal. Third daughter shows a placard which reads 3. Mahavir Singh points at the number 5 on the board.
72) 7) dialog: Paanch point wala daav lagaana muskil hai, par ho sake hai. Geeta is paying attention. Mahavir Singh shows the move on Omkar.
72) 8) dialog: Jo toone saamnewaale ki body ko uchhaalkar, indradhanush ki tariyaan arc banaate hue peeth ke bal gira diya toh toone paanch points mil jaayenge. Yo dekh.
72) 10) dialog: Rahh.... Third daughter claps while Geeta shows a placard which re 5. He then turns the paper to reveal the design of real mat. Geeta looks at it carefully.
72) 11) dialog: Asli mat aisa nahi aisa hota hai. Geeta is looking at it carefully. We see her POV. Camera slowly travels towards the board w has the mat design.
73) 1) dialog: Ladna humne peele waale area mein hain. Then she moves towards the red zone and observes it.
73) 2) dialog: Red zone lakshman rekha hai. uske baahar gayi toh ek point de baithegi. Geeta is about to step out of red zone but puts her step Then she looks at the score card. We see close up of score card as Mahavir Singh's voice ex
73) 3) dialog: Yahaan teen rounds hote hain do do mintute ke. Teen rounds, do do minute ke. Jo do rounds jeet jaata hai, wohh match jeet leta hai. Geeta is thinking.
74) 2) dialog: Toh?
74) 4) dialog: Aap bas yo bataao, kay lad sakey-ai kay na. Man looks at Mahavir Singh with disgust, puts a tick on t sheet.
74) 6) dialog: Chaal, Naam Likha
74) 7) dialog: Badiaa... Geeta thrashes another girl. Mahavir Singh looks happy.
74) 9) dialog: Underweight-ai?
74) 11) dialog: Pakad usne pakad. Mahavir Singh instructing Geeta. Geeta thrashing another girl. Geeta getting gold medal. Mahavir Singh is happy. The chicken guy is removing the sub-junior champion board putting National Junior Champion Board. Dramatic reveal shot of a grown up Geeta walking towards arena. Reveal shot of Mahavir Singh (52 yrs). Reveal shot grown up Babita and Omkar sitting in the audience.
75) 0) text: Geeta standing with Mahavir Singh. Few villagers are stan behind her. Geeta is Welcomed by her family members. Moth very happy. She does Aarti for Geeta.
76) 0) text: Mahavir Singh putting the gold medal on the wall and look at it with a smile. Everyone is happy. Omkar tells Geeta.
76) 2) dialog: Na. SapNa abhi poora nai hua hai, Everyone looks at him and wonders.
76) 3) dialog: Nassnul champion to har saal koi na koi baNta-ai, Mera sapna tab poora hoga jab tu apne ke liye nahi, desh ke liye gold laavegi. Everyone looks at Mahavir Singh.
76) 4) dialog: Aaj khussi manalley betta. Kal se humneh aaggey ki taiyaari suru karni-ai. Geeta just looks at him.
77) 0) text: Mahavir Singh is standing. Geeta walks up to him.
77) 2) dialog: Hmmm .
77) 4) dialog: Han bol.
77) 6) dialog: Haan toh?
77) 8) dialog: Tu kehNa kay chave-ai? khul ke Bol.
78) 0) text: We see the main gate of NSA. Mahavir Singh and Geeta are in a cycle rickshaw and looking at the gate, a bit impres The guard looks at them questioningly.
78) 4) dialog: Bas Coach bi achcha ho.
79) 0) text: Girls are standing in a group. Coach enters. He claps to everyone's attention. They all line up. Mahavir Singh is watching from a distance.
79) 8) dialog: Namaste Sir. Coach gives him a smile and goes back to looking at the g
79) 9) dialog: Sir main Mahavir Singh Phogaat, Geeta ka Phaadder..
79) 11) dialog: Training bi manne-ei dee-ai sir.
79) 13) dialog: Badiya chhori-ai sir, kaaphi strong-ai, stammina bhi khoob-ai.
79) 16) dialog: ek vinti-ai sir. sir Geetta ko Sahi coachching miegi na toh internassnul meddul jeet-keh dikhaavehgi. Haan.. Coach screams at Geeta.
80) 0) text: Mahavir Singh is sitting on a cycle rickshaw, quiet and u
81) 0) text: Babita hands a glass of water to Mahavir Singh who is sit on a cot. Wife is standing nearby.
81) 2) dialog: Hmmm .
81) 4) dialog: Hmmm .
81) 6) dialog: 
81) 8) dialog: Tanneh aaj practice kari?
81) 10) dialog: Badi jaldi-ai tunneh waan jaaNe ki. Babita just looks at him.
81) 11) dialog: Tera coach ab bhi main-ee hoon.
84) 5) dialog: Han aise hi khelna hai yaad rakh ek galati se meddul haar jaavehgi. Geeta washes her face. Her hair is grown to mid-length. Geeta applying nail polish on her toes. Geeta is wrestling with Laali. Coach calls her Geeta talking to Mahavir Singh.
85) 7) dialog: Aa gayi pehalwan. Both Geeta and Babita get up.
85) 8) dialog: Kaisi-ai?
85) 10) dialog: Training kaisi chal ri-ai?
85) 12) dialog: Training kaisi chal ri-ai?
85) 15) dialog: Baal badha liye tunne.
85) 17) dialog: Nahi, achcha hai.
85) 21) dialog: Kay galat-ai meri tachnique mein? Geeta looks in the direction of voice. Mahavir Singh is s at her.
85) 22) dialog: Kay galat-ai?
85) 24) dialog: Ghani pehalwan ho gi-ai tu... internassnul... haan?
85) 26) dialog: Main bhi toh dekkhoon aisa kay sikha diya tere coach saab neh, jo tera baap na sikha paaya. Geeta holds the girl.
85) 27) text: Usne nahin, manne sikha. Chaal Babita looks scandalized as Mahavir Singh takes off his k Mahavir Singh and Geeta come face to face. Bout starts. G takes it a bit easy. Mahavir Singh makes her go on her kn
85) 28) dialog: Yo sikhaya-ai tere coach saab neh? Isstara jeettehgi internassnul meddul? Geeta looks embarassed. She notices that little girls are giggling.
85) 30) dialog: Haan toh ready ho le. Tension spreads on everyone's faces as Geeta and Mahavir get ready to fight it out. Fight starts on a light note but soon turns ugly and inte Mahavir Singh runs out of breath. Soon Geeta beats Mahavi Singh. There is a pin drop silence as both Geeta and Maha Singh try to catch their breath.
86) 0) text: Geeta, Babita and Mahavir Singh are eating food. There is drop silence. Wife is looking at them and sensing somethi wrong.
86) 12) dialog: Pakad usey.
86) 15) dialog: Ghuma usey ghuma.
86) 19) dialog: Agla round bhi attacking khelkar hi jeetna hai. Cut to Babita is holding a move on her opponent. Cut to Geeta is on the receiving end of the same move aga her opponent. Cut to at the end of the round Babita is getting advised Mahavir Singh. Cut to at the end of the round Geeta is panting. The coac panicking. Cut to Babita managing to hold on to her opponent. Cut to slammed down Geeta is getting up with a little str Cut to Babita's hand is lifted by the referee. Cut to Geeta has lost the match and she is out in the fir Geeta is disappointed, coach is stunned and the crowd is
87) 0) text: Mahavir Singh is looking gloomy and staring outside the w
87) 2) dialog: Nai betta, tu bilkul waise-ei khelli jaisa manneh sochcha tha. Par Geetta iss tara khellehgi, manneh kabhi na sochcha tha. Aur ab toh tu bhi nassnul jeetgi-ai. Tu bhi NSA jaavehgi, Tane bhi naya coach milehga, aur tera pappa ek baar phair puraaNa ho jaavehga.
87) 4) dialog: Bas ek baat humessa yaad rakhNa beta, kay tu yaan tak kiss tara paunchchi-ai. Mahavir Singh tries to control his tears. Babita has tear her eyes.
101) 2) dialog: Hmmm. Aur?
101) 5) dialog: Hello!
103) 0) text: Mahavir Singh is holding the phone quietly.
105) 0) text: Mahavir Singh too gets tears in his eyes. No one speaks. continue to roll for a while. Wife has tears too.
107) 0) text: Mahavir Singh is hearing the news while getting his massa Omkar is also there.
111) 0) text: Mahavir Singh is on the phone.
111) 1) dialog: Kiss tara ni jittehgi pachpunn main? Koi jaroorat na-ai wajan kam karNe ki. Tu pachpunn main-ee ladehgi, aur pachpunn main-ee jittehgi. Main Aa Raha hoon Patiyalla.
112) 0) text: Mahavir Singh is packing his bag. wife helping him. Omkar sitting nearby.
112) 2) dialog: Kiraaye peh.
112) 4) dialog: BaNa loonga. Omkar is listening to their conversation.
112) 7) dialog: Tu kay karehga aakeh?
113) 0) text: Mahavir Singh is walking with Omkar behind the landlord.
114) 0) text: Mahavir Singh and Omkar are walking towards the room.
115) 0) text: Mahavir Singh and Omkar are looking at a small room. Owne standing nearby.
115) 2) dialog: Achcha hai.
116) 0) text: Mahavir Singh and Omkar are stopped at the gate by securi Omkar explains.
117) 0) text: Mahavir Singh and Omkar are riding on scooter inside the Omkar is impressed.
118) 0) text: Mahavir Singh is sitting while Omkar is checking out two as they walk past them.
118) 2) dialog: Kaisi hai pehalwan?...aur tu
119) 2) dialog: ekyavan ki daeet aur trainning tu yaaan se lel-le. Jo kami reh jaavehgi wo main poori kar doonga. Geeta and Babita look at him.
119) 3) dialog: Trainning kitne baje suru hotti-ai tum donno ki?
119) 5) dialog: Theek hai, Kal subah paanch baje taiyaar rehNa.
122) 0) text: Mahavir Singh is cooking.
123) 0) text: Geeta and Babita come jogging. Mahavir Singh waves at th the balcony.
124) 0) text: Omkar cracks his own neck and looks set to wrestle with G Mahavir Singh stops him and gestures Geeta to practice wi Babita. Omkar makes a face. Mahavir Singh is watching Geeta wrestle it out with Babit giving tips.
125) 0) text: Mahavir Singh hands Geeta a tiffin. Geeta is touched. Mahavir Singh takes phone from Omkar and then hands over same mobile phone to Geeta.
125) 1) dialog: Omkar apna phone de... yeh tu rakh Mahavir singh is giving training to Geeta on patiala terr
125) 2) dialog: Ghoom ke pakad
129) 0) text: Mahavir Singh is snoring. Omkar is struggling to sleep. Omkar giving medicines to Mahavir Singh. Doing Champi.
131) 0) text: Geeta and Babita are training under Mahavir Singh's guida
131) 1) dialog: Ruk ruk ab seedha attack nahi karna hai, saamne wale ke dimaag se khelna hai...dav dikhana kuch hai aur lagana kuch....yeh jhoka yeh dhoka
133) 3) text: Mahavir Singh is on the call with Geeta. He is listening and after a while he speaks.
133) 4) dialog: Rotti-ii revehgi ya kuch bollehgi bi?
134) 0) text: Mahavir Singh is intently walking down the corridor of NS towards the office.
135) 0) text: Mahavir Singh is sitting opposite committee. Coach is sit nearby. Geeta and Babita are standing
135) 3) dialog: Innki bs ek hi galti-hai sir... kay inka baap bavla hai. Woh des ko internassnul wrestling main gold dilaaNe kay peechchhe itna paaggal-hai kay usneh bachpan me inke haaththon se gudde gudiya chheen keh akhade ki maatti pakda di. Inneh mana kari toh sar mundwa diye. Tiyaari kamjor padi toh chhoroon kay saath dangal ladwaye. Saare gaon ki gaaliyaan khaayein, sirph isliye kay yo ek din des ka naam oonchcha karain. Mahavir Singh opens the album and shows it to the authori
135) 4) dialog: Yo dekhkho sir,Yo dekhkho sir, yo pucchas rupaye isneh Rohttak main jeettey the. Yo Hisaar main, yo Chandigarh main, yo, yo, yo, yo sab. GhaNa lamba saphar tay kara-hai sir in chhoriyoon ne. Ab inneh waappas jaaNe ko mat bollo sir. Saari galti meri-hai, main haath jod keh maaphi maangta hoon. Authorities look moved. EXT.
135) 6) dialog: Coach sir neh toh teen meddul jeetNe se matlab-hai, bhale woh bronje he kyon na ho. aur main toh chahtta-oon kay maahra des gold jeetteh. Aur yo chhori aisa kar sakeh-hai sir.
135) 10) dialog: Meddul toh isneh pehlle-ee le aaNe chaiyyey the coach saab... pachpun ki categury main. Kuch toh aapne bi theek na kara hogga.
136) 1) dialog: Geetta ka natural game attackking-ai. Aapne technik ke chakkar main phassa kay uska game-ee ulta kar diya. Yo toh woi baat ho gai kay Sehwag ko bolla jaaye kay bhai tu Drehvid ki taraan khel. Na Shewag reh jaavehga, na Drehvid ban paavehga.
136) 3) dialog: Mera bas chalah to main abhi yahin aapko bta dyun kay kushti kis tariyan ladi jaati hai. possibility of a confrontation but a peon comes out.
136) 7) dialog: Meharbaani sir.
136) 9) dialog: Thik hai sir. Mahavir Singh takes a deep breath. Coach smirks.
136) 10) text: Mahavir Singh is drinking.
136) 13) dialog: Naa Omkar. Yo log manne bhitar jaane se rok sake hain par Geeta ko coaching dene se manne koi naa rok sake.
137) 2) dialog: Iss match ki recording hai tere paas?
137) 4) dialog: Sabki ek ek coppy courier kar de. INT./EXT. NSA -Гўв‚¬вЂќ DAY We see preparations and practice in full swing. All the a are putting in hard effort in training. All the sports.
138) 0) text: Omkar and Mahavir Singh are on their Scooter heading towa somewhere.
138) 4) dialog: Utar. Mahavir Singh moves in. Omkar follows him nervously.
139) 0) text: Mahavir Singh walks up to the counter guy. Omkar is look the posters on display.
139) 2) dialog: Agle show ki saari tickut kitne main milengi? The guy looks at Mahavir Singh and then he looks at Omkar shrugs his shoulders.
139) 4) dialog: Woh hum saath mein laaye hain. Omkar Guy again looks at Mahavir Singh and then at Omkar. Omkar again shrugs his shoulders.
140) 0) text: Mahavir Singh is sitting while Omkar is operating the DVD player.
140) 1) dialog: Rok... chlaa..
142) 0) text: Mahavir Singh looks angry as Omkar enters.
142) 1) dialog: Rah..Iss tariyan khellegi toh kaisse jeettehgi.
143) 0) text: Mahavir Singh walks out angrily. Omkar follows him.
143) 2) dialog: Baith. Mahavir Singh Keeps quiet. Omkar mutters under his breath
144) 0) text: Geeta's mobile is ringing. It reads Papa Calling. Babita sitting next to her. Mahavir Singh is talking to her from terrace. Geeta gets up and goes to the side.
144) 1) dialog: Aisse karte-ain wrestling? Bheeggi billi baN keh? Iss tara-ee ladNa-ai toh mat lad.
144) 3) dialog: Match dekhkhe terre saare. Kusti toh na lad ri thi tu. Geeta keeps quiet.
144) 4) dialog: Jo CD tunne di hai unki coppy hai tere paas.
144) 6) dialog: Akelley main dekhNe ka bandobast ho sakta-ai?
144) 8) dialog: Theek-ai, kal subah paanch baje taiyaar rehNa. A smile appears on Geeta's face. Geeta comes back and sits.
145) 0) text: Geeta's mobile is on loud speaker. Mahavir Singh talks to partly from room and partly from terrace.
145) 1) dialog: Jakarta ki round 1 ki CD laga. Geeta does the needful.
145) 3) dialog: Teen minut aTTawan second peh rok.
145) 5) dialog: Do point ki lead le rakhi hai tunne aur dephensive khelNe main ghus gi. Play kar... dekh... ded-dee na lead. rah Saamne waala down-hai toh ussneh maukka kyon deNa? Geeta is listening to him intently.
146) 2) text: Geeta is practicing with Laali. Mahavir Singh's voice is on in the background. Geeta manages to surprise Laali wit move. Babita smiles from a distance.
146) 3) dialog: Jaan dephend karNe ki jaroorat-ai waan tu attack karkeh point de ri-ai. Points ke liye baavDi banne se kuch na hogga Geetta, dimaak laga keh khelNa hogga.
147) 0) text: Geeta is watching the laptop. Her mobile is on loud speak Mahavir Singh is telling her something.
147) 1) dialog: Sab jeetne wale match haare hain taane. Various shots of Geeta practicing with Laali. Intercuts o Mahavir Singh instructing her on phone. Mahavir Singh's v goes on in the background as Geeta continues to surprise Babita keeps on observing Babita froma distance. Babita s on seeing Geeta gaining confidence. Geeta surprises Laali sometime.
147) 3) dialog: Kehne ko toh ek round sirf 2 mint ka hota hai, par sochya javeh toh 2 mint me 120 second hote hain. Us ek second ka intzaar kar jab saamne wala galti kare.
150) 2) text: Scene changes to stadium. Voices come back. Geeta exhales takes a look at Mahavir Singh and Mahavir Singh just nods reassuringly and gestures her to go and fight. She muster courage and enters the fighting area.
150) 16) dialog: Haarna nahi hai Geeta. Geeta looks at him as she takes her position again. Mahavir Singh shakes his head in a no, reiterating what h just said. Geeta takes a deep breath and bout begins again. Melissa holding up Geeta well.
150) 25) dialog: Yo baat..
150) 29) dialog: Attack karke khel.
150) 31) text: Geeta shuru se hee attacking khelti hui Mahavir Singh is watching. Geeta scores one point.
150) 37) dialog: Koi na, attack karti reh. Babita looks excited. Coach shakes his head in disapprova Mother is looking tense. Melissa goes for an attack and s 3 points.
153) 1) dialog: 
153) 2) dialog: Is Nigeria wali se jeetNa mushkil-hai par namumkin na-hai.
155) 1) dialog: Attack kar keh nai khelNa-ai hameh,
157) 1) dialog: warna do points leNe jaavehgi aur teen de baiTthehgi.
158) 1) dialog: Tu usne maukka mat deNa, kyonkay wohh tunneh maukka nai deggi. Phansa ke khelNa-ai yo waDa. Points na milaingay toh wo utavDi hogi aur maukka degi. Bas wohi mauka hamneh na chhodNa hai.
159) 5) dialog: (screams) Dekh ke khel. Pull push and testing each other by both the wrestlers. N goes for an attack, Geeta foils it and goes for a counter Mahavir is watching. Coach is watching. Babita is watchin Nigerian plays dirty. She bends Geeta's wrist. Referee gi her a warning.
159) 29) dialog: Abhi toss hona hai.
159) 34) text: Geeta... Geeta slowly looks towards Mahavir Singh. Mahavir Singh gestures her to go for attack. Geeta takes a defensive po Lovina takes her grip. Tension. Referee blows his whistle Sushil Kumar move. Exhiliration. Omkar is ecstatic. So is Geeta. Nigerian quietly walks ba her corner. Commentators are going berserk. Mahavir Singh quietly watching the audience clap. Geeta waves to the cr as she leaves. Omkar also gets up. Mahavir Singh stays se
159) 36) dialog: Agla match bi dekh lettey-ain. Pata toh chaleh kay Geetta ka phinal Aastralian wali kay saath-hai ya Scotland wali kay saath. Geeta and coach are addressing the Media.
159) 41) dialog: Angelina WAtson. pehle bhi Do baar hara chuki hai Geeta ko.
161) 0) text: Mahavir Singh is watching the match carefully. Australian looking good.
165) 0) text: Mahavir Singh is sitting somewhere. Someone calls out to
165) 2) dialog: Arreh...saleem bhai.
165) 4) dialog: Dhanyawaad.
165) 6) dialog: kaisa laga match?
165) 8) dialog: Yo kay hai?
165) 11) dialog: Jeetey raho. Coach complaing to HOD about mahavir phogat.
167) 0) text: Mahavir Singh has a chat with Geeta. At some distance Bal girls are having fun with Babita. Omkar and Chicken Shop are around.
167) 2) dialog: Kal ki bas ek-ii staturgy-ai betta. Kal tunneh aise ladNa-ai kay log tunneh yaad rakhein. Agar silver jeetti toh aaj nai toh kal log EXT. tunneh bhool jaavenge. Gold jeetti toh misaal baN jaavehgi. Aur misaallein dee jaatti-ain betta bhoolli ni jaatti. un choriyon ko dekh rahi hai...Kal tu jeettehgi toh akelle ni jeettehgi, tere saath inke jaisi laakhkhon choriyaan bi jeettengi. Har wohh chhori jeettehgi jiseh loggon neh chhoroon se kam samjha-ai, jisko choolleh chaukkay main jhonkka gya-hai. Bachche paalNe kay liye biyaya gya-ai. Kal ka muquabla sabse bada muqabla hai betta kyon kay kal tu sirph us aastralian se nai, balkay unn sabse ladehgi jo choriyoon ke baare main aisa sochtey-hain.
167) 8) text: Mahavir Singh walking towards the stadium when he is stop by the security.
167) 10) dialog: Ji.
167) 12) dialog: Baad main mil loonga bhai, meri beti ka match hai...
167) 14) dialog: Tu chal main aata hun.. The guy points in one direction. Mahavir Singh looks at O and asks him to go ahead. He then moves towards a corrido escorted by the security guy. As Mahavir Singh walks away with the guard, we see Coach him go with a meaningful smile on his face from a distanc
168) 0) text: Mahavir Singh wonders as he walks in the corridor. Securi shows him the direction.
168) 1) dialog: Reh aur kitna dur jaaNa-hai bhai?
169) 0) text: Mahavir Singh enters the room and takes a step inside. It store room kind of place. He wonders as he turns back.
169) 1) dialog: Yo kahan le aaya bhai... By the time he turns the door is slammed shut. Mahavir Singh runs towards the door and tries to open it. locked.
169) 2) dialog: Rahh bhai..rah yo kay kar rya hai bhai.
172) 1) text: Mahavir Singh uses force on the door but to no use.
174) 0) text: Mahavir Singh is frustrated as he sits down on a bench. H hear a faint roar of the crowd.
174) 1) dialog: Reh koi hai...... re bhai...koi hai kay...
176) 0) text: Mahavir Singh looks anxious. Angelina watson enters arena.
178) 1) dialog: Ek baat hamesha yaad rakhna beta Har jagah tunneh bachaNey tera Pappa na aavehga. Main tunneh sirph ladNa sikha sakta-oon, lekkin ladNa tunneh khud hai. Jor laga. Bahar nikaD. Geeta's POV inside canal. She comes out. Clock reads 1:30
178) 3) dialog: 5 point wala daav lagaana muski hai,par ho sake hai. Both the wrestlers are locked up again. Angelina isn't gi an inch to Geeta.
178) 6) dialog: Saamne waale kay dimag se khelna hai.daav Dikhan kuch hain lagaana kuch. Balali girls look distraught. Clock shows 1:50 Close up of Geeta's face. She is looking for an opportuni Geeta makes her final move. Super slo mo shots, ramped up in between. She foxes the Australian by initially going in the right direction for the attack. Austrlian shifts her body in that direction. Geeta changes her direction mid-way to the left. By the time Australian realizes Geeta's move, Geeta has m behind her and held her by her waist.
179) 0) text: Mahavir Singh is sitting quiet. Not sure what's happening outside. He can hear faint roar.
180) 0) text: Geeta almost ignores her coach as she goes up to hug Omka Babita and asking for Mahavir Singh.
181) 0) text: Mahavir Singh is sitting quietly.
182) 3) text: Mahavir Singh is sitting. He hears India's national anthe stands up. And a realization happens. Suddenly tears well his eyes and he gets a smile on his face.
185) 0) text: National anthem finishes. Crowd roar is heard again. Maha Singh has tears running down his eyes. Just then the door and a janitor walks in. Mahavir Singh rushes out. Much to janitor's surprise.
186) 0) text: Mahavir Singh is running. More running.
187) 0) text: Mahavir Singh enters the stadium. The coach is about to p with Geeta for the press. Just then Geeta sees Mahavir Si enter. She runs towards him, leaving the coach fuming.
187) 3) dialog: Saabbas!!!