1) 0) text: FLASH!! An oncoming car's headlights streak across the be up Chevy's windshield... revealing... THE DRIVER, 45ish, he leans across the passenger seat and opens the car door The pretty teenage girl slides into the car. Dressed only a skirt and T-Shirt, she's soaked to the skin. Make-up ru down her face and her hair sticks to her bare shoulders. seems nervous... scared even.
5) 1) dialog: Damn! This defroster never works...
5) 2) text: The driver fidgets blindly with the various levers and kn He finally manages to get the defroster and heater to wor The girl leans forward into the stream of warm air.
5) 5) dialog: Have a problem with your car?
7) 0) text: Very close on the girl's yellow purse... as the metal zip is pulled open. The driver notices her opening the purse.
7) 2) dialog: (unconvincingly) ...sure.
7) 3) text: The driver watches as she reaches into the purse... out a soggy pack of matches. She looks at them... I look to the driver.
7) 5) dialog: (scans the dashboard) Yeah. It's here somewhere. It's my  wife's car. Ah... there it is.
7) 6) text: He pushes the cigarette lighter in to heat. Out of the co of his eye, he sees the girl's hand slip back in her purs And stay there. She stares at the car lighter and... wait The driver glances at her, then back to the lighter.
9) 0) text: A Blinding Flash!! As... a semi-trailer crosses paths with the 70'S CHEVY. Close on the girl. An intent expression on her face as sh watches and waits... for the cigarette lighter to eject. hand reaches deeper into her purse. The Driver tenses as sees this. Suddenly... POP!! The lighter ejects. The Driver reaches for the dash. The girl hurriedly lifts something out from inside the bag. The Driver yanks the  lighter out... and whips a look to the girl.
11) 0) text: The girl pulls a pack of cigarettes out of her purse. She looks curiously to the driver whose hand is trembling  slightly.
11) 2) dialog: (unconvincingly) ...nothing.
81) 2) text: Inside the store he sees a video surveillance camera. It  worries him. Distracts him momentarily. Suddenly from behind him... o.s. A car horn HONKS LOUDLY! Early turns to see a late model Mercedes behind him. He j gazes at the driver. Aggravated, the driver leans on the  horn and motions Early out of his way. Early stares at th man a moment longer, then steps to one side and lets the pull past him.
132) 0) text: Adele opens the door on the driver's side looking scared. Brian is in the passenger seat. He's looking in the glove compartment for a map. The .45 automatic Early gave Brian clearly visible. Adele stares at it.
176) 0) text: As Early finishes tieing one of the replicant bombs, Litt Boy onto the hood. He reaches down and grabs a six pack o beer on the ground and shoves it in the back seat, then s into the driver's seat next to an anxious Carrie. Carrie now wearing one of Adele's floral dresses.