160) 3) text: Early steps up to the front door of the house and rings t bell. Carrie stands beside him. A light comes on inside. door slides open a crack and MRS. MUSGRAVE, an attractive older woman with silver hair, peers out with a puzzled lo
163) 2) dialog: (to herself) It's just like in that dream I had.  If only I had seen their faces.
163) 5) text: Mrs. Musgrave downs most of her drink with the first try. Distressed, her head slumps down.
163) 7) text: Early, his pistol wedged in his belt, appears from the ki eating a sandwich. Between bites... He walks over and rip the phone out of the wall unit. He glimpses Mrs. Musgrave
163) 14) dialog: (lying) ...I'm a widow.
164) 0) text: Everything is quiet beneath the star studded sky. The sam elderly man pictured with Mrs. Musgrave is studying the s through a powerful telescope. MR. MUSGRAVE is an amateur  astronomer. o.s. the SOUND of a door opening. Then footst
166) 0) text: Brian and Carrie are still cuffed to the piano, in the  background we see Mrs. Musgrave and Adele looking out the window into the backyard.
167) 6) text: Mrs. Musgrave collapses to the floor.
169) 0) text: Mrs. Musgrave is laid out on the couch. Adele, deep in  thought, watches over the older woman. Finally Adele reac into her purse, pulls out her small potted cactus then wa across the room to a table. Its top is covered with small potted cacti. She gently places hers among them.
170) 2) text: Carrie doesn't answer him. Then, in the background direct behind Early... Adele and Mrs. Musgrave quietly appear. C notices them as they start to cross the hallway to the  kitchen. Early sees Carrie's eyes glance past him. He tur to see why... when...
170) 6) text: Early looks at the photo again. Adele and Mrs. Musgrave n cross safely to the kitchen. Carrie eyes meet Early's. He smiles, pulls the nude photo of her close to his face... licks it.
171) 2) text: Mrs. Musgrave is confused, is it a trick? She looks into  Adele's eyes... and knows it's not. The old lady turns an walks out into the dark desert. Adele stands at the open  door, watching Mrs Musgrave escape.
179) 0) text: Brian is handcuffed on the floor. His eyes open slowly as begins to regain consciousness. He senses someone behind  him. He pivots around to see Mrs. Musgrave kneeling down help him.
183) 1) dialog: He's pulled out all the lines. The  nearest phone is twenty miles east  of here.
184) 0) text: An anxious Brian hustles into the cab of the pickup truck Some tools are in the back. Brian still wears the handcuf around his wrists. Mrs. Musgrave stands near the front do
184) 2) dialog: (pointing) He took the fire road.