17) 0) text: A silvery blade plunges into a maraschino cherry, lifting it into the air on its tip. The cherry is clenched be- tween a set of white teeth, and swallowed by -- BARRY "THE BLADE” MULDANNO Handsome, he is wearing a dark green, double-breasted suit. His hair is black, pulled to the back in a small pony tail. He is both attractive, and dangerous. He is standing alone at the dim bar, making eyes with a sexy blonde WAITRESS, who is loading her tray with drinks. He looks down at his wrist, and checks his watch: 6:40. (to himself) Goddamn all.
20) 1) dialog: Where's Romey?
20) 3) dialog: Maybe I haven't made myself clear -- your boss has got my life in his hands -- I heis. Now, God hates a liar: that's what my mother always said.
20) 6) dialog: Sh-h. Frank instantly stops talking. So cool, so calm, Barry opens a heavy metal file drawer and indicates where the door would close. (CONTINUED )
20) 9) dialog: Put your hand here. Confused, terrified, Frank starts to put his hand where Barry indicated, hesitates, then finally does it. Barry moves so that he is in a position to slam the drawer on Frank's hand.
20) 11) dialog: Sh-h. Tentatively, Frank moves his hand away from the spot.
20) 12) dialog: (still soft; patient) No, put it back. (as Frank does) Do you understand that this is important to me? (loud) T don't know wh-- And Barry slams the drawer on Frank's hand. The sound is awful -- @ MUFFLED CHUNK, like hitting a side of beef with a hammer. Frank, his mouth stretched wide in a silent 0 of pain, goes dewn on his knees, Staring at his injured hand as if he's never seen it before. Barry kneels down, studies Frank's face calmly.
20) 13) dialog: I think you really didn’t know where he was.
38) 0) text: A car pulls up onto the docks with the mighty Mississippi River just behind the cavernous buildings. Barry "The Blade" Muldanno walks towards one of the huge warehouses.
122) 0) text: Barry the Blade, Bono, and Gronke walk towards a car that sits alone on a dock. The men are carrying shovels and pick axes. Gronke is sneezing.
128) 0) text: Closer to us, we see that the shadows are Barry, Gronke _and Bono carrying hammers and chisels. They also speak in whispers. .
131) 3) dialog: I know I heard something.
148) 0) text: Barry rages in front of Sulari, pointing to Gronke and one.