29) 0) text: Foltrigg, Trumann, Fink and Boxx walk from their limo and head toward the building, as JASON McTHUNE, imposing, headstrong, sharp, exits toward then.
29) 4) text: What makes you think the kid's lying? McTHUNE in Ic We got that car, and found us some clues... They enter McThune's small office. McTHUNE First, the kid's fingerprints are all over the car, . We lifted a print from him about four hours ago from a Sprite can. We also found two fresh cigarette: under a tree near the car, the same brand Dianne Sway, the mother, uses. We figure the kids went for a smoke. Clifford appears and caught then. Just accidentally. It looks as though he left New Orleans shortly after nine A.M., drove to Memphis in five or six hours, stopped once for gas, stopped to buy the gun, and drove off and shot himself. He was born here in Memphis, and now he died here, too... and here's a new piece of evidence. He drops a note of paper wrapped in plastic lap. on Foltrigg's (CONTINUED )
40) 0) text: There is a KNOCK at the door. Foltrigg, McThune, Trumann, Fink and Boxx sit alone in the small room, behind a table.
40) 30) text: Trumann and McThune are getting frustrated.
42) 0) text: What do you think? McTHUNE We got 'im. Good cop, bad cop. This is... There is a KNOCK on the door. McTHUNE Come in, Mark. (to others) Polite kid. Reggie Love enters the room. The men stand up quickly.
55) 0) text: Umbrellas, raincoats, wet. Foltrigg, McThune and Fink greet Reggie as she enters.
62) 0) text: poltriss, Trumann, McThune, Fink and Boxx pore through ooks ,
111) 0) text: The TELEPHONE RINGS. McThune wakes, reaches over his fat wife sleeping next to him, and answers.
111) 1) dialog: Hello? (listens) Pardon ne? His mouth drops. EXT. ST. PETER’S - NIGHT Cops and cop cars everywhere. Reggie drives Clint's car through all the madness into the -- .
112) 9) text: The LIMO SCREECHES to a halt, and Foltrigg, McThune, Fink, Trumann and Boxx dash toward the hospital entrance.
112) 10) dialog: We're watching the mother's room in case he tries to get to her.
115) 0) text: ‘Ricky sleeps while Dianne faces Foltrigg, McThune, Fink, Trumann and Boxz.
115) 4) dialog: We can't find Reggie Love either. She's not at home and her mother ain't sayin’ much. Doe you think Mark could be with her?
120) 5) dialog: Het damn! Fink and s couple other agents look up.
120) 6) dialog: We just listened in on a phone call from Clint Van Hooser to Dianne Sway at the hospital. He told her he had just talked to Reggie, that she and Mark were in ie » and everything was ne.
120) 8) dialog: That's what he said. No indication exactly where, just New Orleans.
142) 0) text: Dianne Sway, her arms folded protectively over her chest, Stares at McThune, Clint, and Dr. Greenway. Harry Roosevelt, in fishing gear, presides.
144) 0) text: +++ as the three enter with Ricky's gurney, and McThune pushes floor button fifteen.