0) 4) text: MEDIUM SHOT ~ INTERIOR Cab of TRUCK We find Barry seated beside the driver, who is a voluble young man of abcut thirty, He wears a wove mants cap and is smoking a cigarette, which ho never takes out of his mouth. Driver a ee These pleasure cars really make it tough for.us boys. They think they got a lease on the read. Sure - we got a better chance in any ‘sind of a crack=up ~ but that means a black mark from the compa - and then they aoc you.
0) 6) text: Barry docsn't seom to be very intorested in the con- versation, but he endeavors to keep up his end. Barry How long have you been dviving today? Driver Eicht hours so far, and in this smiwb-nose it's somo grind. But from here on into Reno I lmow every little roc in the road. Barry Where are you going after Renot Driver Salt Lake, maybe. That's a tough trip, too. Your trick gets so hot you have to cover the gas pedal with nowspapo Barry (sympathetically) Tets sure a tough racket, . Driver Youh, But at least I eat rosular. Throughout the dialogue a loud rattling noise has mado itself heard inside the cab. Tho driver points to somothing beside Barry's car. Driver Doos that thing bother you?
0) 7) text: as he turns. The shot inclwiles a small fire oxtin- guisher, the bottom of which has shaken loose from its fittings. Barry's face tightens as he stares at it. He turna, staring straight ahead of him out through tho windshield. : 51.
0) 15) text: I did vo Driver One lousy torn, ain't it? (he pauses) Where did you work? Barry An airplans factory.
0) 28) text: The picture clears quickly, leaving us with the CLOSE- UP O¥ BARRY.
0) 34) text: Barry can only hear the faint mrmur of their voicos, but he feols sure they are discussing him. He looks nervously about him. He is desperate to mow what to do. He decides to make a gotatay.
0) 43) text: Radio Calling all highway patrolmen... Ko on the lookout for a. man naned Barry Ford. Ue Ls blonde...
0) 52) text: We seo Barry passing through the main gate of a ranch. On the bight there is a mail box with "Deep Springs Ranch" painted on the side.
0) 67) text: The maid reappears at the door just as the cowboy returns with the mail. He moves past Barry and hands it to her. As she takes it, she beckons Barry to follow her. CAMERA FOLLOWS BARRY into tho house. He is led through the hallway past another Japanese maid.
0) 72) text: He looks at Barry studiedly, puckoring his brow as though trying to remember the name. Tobin Prank Fry... Fry... I've heard 14 somewhero before, but I just can't scom to place it... YThers's a follow with a n something like that working up at Tahoe... But no, not Fr The CAMDRA PANS WITH TOBIN as he strolls casually across the lawn, drageing his bath towel, He moves to a side tablo and picks up the mail, which has been recently deposited by the maid. THe onons a telogram, roads the contents, and then glances idly through the ' letters.
0) 74) text: Barry » Could it bo some fellow working for you? One of the cow hands? Tobin No, there's nobody by that name working here. But the fellow next door has a much bigger outfit -~ I'll ask hin if he ever heard of the name. Tobin starts to move towards the house. Barry (intorposing) I don't want to put you to so mach trouble. Tobin Oh, that's all right. No use of your taking a long ride without. going into this thing thoroughly. The CAMERA PANS WITH TOBIN, as he strolls across and places the letters and telogram in the pocket of his coat, which is hanging on the door of the bath house. Tobin : If you'll just wait a second, I'll go in and telephone. The next ranch is fourteen miles up the road. Tobin crosses and starts towards the house.
0) 75) dialog: As he seats himself at the side of the pool to await Tobin's return, his oyes roam over the patio.
0) 76) dialog: as ‘his eyes meet the little girl's.
0) 77) dialog: He winks and grins at the child.
0) 84) dialog: He quickly and furtively snatches up the open tolegram.
0) 87) dialog: Barry hastily gathers tho papers together and hands them to the child. Barry ‘(coaxingly) Musin't do that -- put them bak. 95. 94. “95. G6. ar
0) 91) text: To include Barry as he gets up, and Tobin, who is moving towards him. Barry (his face is tense) Yeah, she's cute. ow, where's Pry? Tobin (rotaining his genial mood) Let's not get hasty, and anyway, you should Imow -- you just read his telegram to me. Ile!s on his way to Mountai City -- isn't that what it says? Barry (gruffly) Cut the sugar. Just tell me where Mountain City is. The CAMERA PANS OVER to pick up the child as it toddles towards Tobin, carrying a ball and a magazine. It hands these objects to Tobin. Tobin Why, I really couldn't tell you. He picks up the child and, holding her in his arms, begins to fondle it. Tobin If it isn't on any map I really have no way of Imowing where. it is, CONTINUED; 96. 97. 98. 99. Leo. LoL. 28
0) 94) dialog: as he moves towards Tobin. Barry Okay. Before you holley 'copper!', just tell me one thing Why are you fronting for Fry? What's it going to get you?
0) 97) dialog: Tobin Young men, I'm quite bewlldered. I really don't lmow what you're talking about.
0) 100) text: Tobin’ (smiling) A very pretty speech... . (ne looks off into the distance somewhat amused) ---Youthful, passionate, and idealistic. Some of my friends make speechos like that... (his eyes are hard now as he turns back ‘to Barry) They speak of a new world, run by power, But they, them- selves, aro not interested in the mochanisms of our day < police and Federal officers. Your belief in these silly tokens shows rather bad taste on your part -= and besides Itve airsady sent for the shoriff.
0) 101) dialog: Barry You can't bluff me -- youtre caught. ‘You'll have to do a dot of smooth talking to got out of this one. Tobin I only want to remind you that you -- not I -- are a fugi tive from justice. I ama respected landowner -- ono of the leading citizons of Mono Comty. I wonder which one of us the police is likely to believe. (ho smiles and seats himself in a deck chair) Won't you have a cool drink, Mr. Ford? A Tom Collins is . very refreshing on such a warm day.
0) 102) text: Ho looks worriod for a monont. Barry Well, then, Mr. Tobin, I'm sorry to have taken your time I think I now imow everything that you had to tell mo,
0) 103) dialog: Tobin sits in his dock chair. Tho CAMERA PANS WITH BARRY as ho moves towards the patio gato through which he ontered. Tobin strugglos to riso and thon, ro- ‘ laxing, he raisos his voice: Tobin (in Japanose) 0 Soto, mui chi san ling yunt 106. 107. los. ioe. 110. 11l. 50
0) 105) text: She pauses. 9 Soto Yes, Mister Tobin, She takes a small purse out of her side pocket and Looks into it, LONG Si0T As Barry approaches O Soto. Her hand comes up out of the little bag, holding a small automatic. O Soto Stop, please!
0) 106) dialog: - He is half amusod. Barry That filled with water?
0) 108) text: Barry turns and raalizes that his avenues of oscape have been cut off. © Soto stands at his back, holding the gun. Tobin is on his left, just getting out of the deck chair. The only way he can get out of the patio is to go around the pool. Barry You make it tough for me to refuse your invitation - but still I don't see how I can stay here any longor.
0) 113) text: Barry smiles as the child toddles towards him. Barry I'm in sort of a predicament, Susis, and I think maybe a little conference with you might clear things up. Barry reaches down and takes the child's hands, swinging her onto his back. , Barry How about a nice piggy-back ride?
0) 116) dialog: As he starts around the pool toward the patio entranco.. The child is hanging onto his back, laughing gleefully, enjoying herself tremendously. 118. il9. 120. lel. Lee.
0) 119) dialog: As ho reaches the patio mato that leads towards tho stables and the adjoining ranch houses. He turns and epens the gate. Barry End of the line, Susie. He waves at Tobin. Barry (calling to Tobin) Bye-bye, now. Halt Barry puts the child down quickly and then steps through the gate, slamming it behind him.
0) 120) dialog: He looks about him for a second. The CAMERA FANS WITH HIM as he runs across the court- yard toward a large corral fifty or sixty yards to the left. .
0) 121) dialog: 4s he opens the gate to the corral. He takes dow a rope halter that is hanging on a pog.
0) 125) dialog: As he mounts and canters out of the corral, through the ranch yard and off into the mesa.
0) 129) dialog: hanging onto the running horse's mane. He looks back.
0) 137) dialog: One of the detectives jerka at Barry's sleave. Detective Come on, let's go. Barry (nodding towards Tobin) You can't just take me away without investigating this cu Just because he has a house and a pool, that doesn't make him straight. Ask the child about the letters. 133. 154. 135. 137. 34
0) 140) dialog: Tobin puts the child down. Tobin Go ta the gentleman, Susie -- go on. The baby toddles over to Barry.
0) 141) dialog: The baby. points to the handcuffs on Barry's wrists and gurgles something inarticulate. Tobin (off scene) She wants the handcuffs. He comes into the shot, taking the child by the hand. Tobin No, no, you can't have them, my dear. ‘They belong to the gontleman.
0) 149) text: Detective Back in L.A. you'll get all the dope -- and from what I hear they might throw away tha key. The car slows up with a squeaking of brakes. ‘The de- tective beside Barry looks up and speaks to the driver. . Detective What's wrong, Joe - what's holding us up?
0) 151) dialog: Detective You'd think they'd keep these big trucks off the highway. It's getting so that there's nothing but trucking on thes roads. Aman ina car hasn't got half a chance.
0) 152) dialog: We can see from his expression that he is becoming more desperate. He glances nervously out of the window. 144. 145. 146. 149. 150. 151. “se. Have 36
0) 153) text: We see that the car is passing over a narrow bridge, with a rushing river below. Barry (as he turns back to the detective) you got a smoke? MEDIUM SHOT ~ SHOOTING THROUGH WINDSHIEZD OF cap -
0) 155) dialog: As he kicks at tho handle of the rear door. CAMERA FOLLOWS HIM as he dives out, and HOLDS ON his rolling figure in the road.
0) 163) dialog: As he flattens himself at the side of the bridge and recovers his breath. He is bleeding from a scratch on his temple. Above him the mon are still shouting. He takes a deep breath and the CAMERA PANS WITH HIM as he plunges down below the surface of the water.
0) 167) dialog: He is barely able to hold out. He must remain con- cealed by the boulders.
0) 175) dialog: As ho smiles with-satisfaction. Ho begins to swim toward tho riverbank. FADE OUT.
0) 177) dialog: Big trees and the mountains in beckground. It is raining.
0) 179) dialog: As hs comes to a slight clearing among the trees.
0) 181) text: As Barry moves forward.
0) 182) dialog: As he moves warily around a corner of the house.
0) 183) dialog: A twig cracks underfoot. Barry flattens himself — against the Wall. From inside we hear a dog barking.
0) 184) text: Barry flattens himself against the wall. Beside his head there is a window. A dog, barking louder now, is at the window.
0) 185) dialog: As he moves along the wall, trying to gain the other side of the house. The deg follows him from window to window.
0) 186) dialog: As he reaches the farthest side of the house facing the clearing.
0) 188) dialog: As he pulls his sleeves dovm over his handcuffs.
0) 189) dialog: : Barry Yeah - thanks.
0) 190) dialog: As he approaches the door and goes inside.
0) 192) dialog: Soaking wet. Barry Hate to barge in on you like this, but I wonder if I coul ary out in here --.walking through that mud is pretty tough. .
0) 194) dialog: Barry (attempting to smile) No car - I'm working the old thumb. Mr. Miller The thumb? I don't quite --~ Barry Hiteh-hiking. 184. 185 186. “137, 18a. 189. iso. 191. 41
0) 196) dialog: Barry Yes, maybe that's so = never thought of that.
0) 197) dialog: He is watching the elderly gentloman, trying hard to conceal the fact that he is handcuffed.
0) 198) dialog: - Mr. Miller My name is Edward Miller. You're walcome to stay here until tho storm blows over. I dopbt whether that will be very long -- these summer storms are short. Barry And pretty wet.
0) 199) dialog: Barry My name's Barry ~-- Mason. MEDIUM SHOT + SHOOTING PAST BARRY TO“ARD MR. MILLER Mr. Miller Well, come risht in, Barry - therots a fire going in tho other room. If you want to take off thoso wat clothes, go right ahoad - there isn't anyone within miles.
0) 200) dialog: The CAMERA PANS DOWN to his soaked shoes. . Barry It's not so bad. [I'11 lot tem dry right on me - so thoy won't forget my shapo. .
0) 201) dialog: Mr. Miller smiles.
0) 206) dialog: As he moves cautiously toward the fireplace. He manosuvers his body in such a manner that he can pick up a log without his handeuffs being seen.
0) 207) dialog: Bending over tho wood-basket. On the sound track we hear Miller close the door. Barry quickly lifts a log out of the wood-basket and pivots toward the fire- place, but the’fact that his hands are manaclod causes him to lose his grip on the log and it falls to the hoarth with a crash. ©
0) 209) dialog: Barry looks up at Miller and then down at his hand- cuffs. There is a pause while he waits for the old man. to speak. My. Millor (in his same genial tone) They'rs pretty heavy, aren't thoy? I drop them all the time. 1o7. 198.
0) 214) dialog: Barry straightens and stares intently at Miller's face. Then slowly he passes his manacled hands, palms out~ ward, in front of the older man's cyos. Barry (in a dead voice) Yeah, they're really heavy -- gotta use two hands, I sues
0) 216) dialog: As he bonds dovm to pick up the log again. Barry (muttering) eeeeprotty lucky... He throws the leg on the fire. CAMERA FOLLOWS THE LoG onto the smouldering firo.
0) 218) text: The flames have incroased and the burning wood is erackling. The CAMERA PULLS BACK to include Barry, who is maling no effort to. conceal his handcuffs. He warms his hands in front of the fire.
0) 219) text: Mr, Millor is seated at the window, Barry standing with his back to the fire. Mr. Miller Tho rain isn't so bad when you're wndor a good roof, is i
0) 221) dialog: 
0) 223) dialog: As he jumps nervously.
0) 225) dialog: Barry That's a funny way to look at it - but I guess youtre right.
0) 228) dialog: Barry Yeah, I like it a lot.
0) 231) dialog: Mr. Miller moves slowly toward the piano. Mr. Miller Bo you play any instruments? Barry No -- Ivused to. I played the triangle in a school bend. Since then nothing but the radio. lir. Miller (as he seats himself at the piano - he smiles) Those are hardly instruments, The triangle is exercise and the radio a drug. I play the piano.
0) 233) dialog: As the soft, melodious notes emerge from the other end of the-room. Ha steals a ance at the bowl of fruit on the table. He steps forward and surrepti- tiously takes an apple betveen his manacled hands. He bites into it carefully, but it makes a loud erunching sound.
0) 236) dialog: Barry No thanks. An apple will do -- please go on playing.
0) 240) dialog: Almost as though it were a trick of magic, Mr. Miller emerges with two plates ~- onc with bread and butter and the other with some cold meats. Mr. Miller (siwiling) You see, it's all very simple. Living here is patterned after a fairy talo. You make a wish and tho chances aro pretty good of its being fulfilled. Barry (protesting) Thanks a lot, but I don't want all that. Mr. Millow But you must be hungry after your long walk.
0) 249) dialog: The girl coming towards’ the front door.
0) 250) dialog: As he sits dovm and hides his manacled hands under the table. The door opens and Teddie enters. She pulls up sharply upon seeing Barry. Mr. Miller (introducing) Teddic Miller, Mr. Barry Mason. (he turns towards the sirl) You seem surprised, my dear, to see that I have a guest. Life here isn't as uneventful as you believe. Mr. Mason and I haven't had a dull moment -- at least I'm under tha impression... Who were your frionds, dear?
0) 253) dialog: 
0) 267) dialog: My. Miller Teddie is my nioce... Her coming ont here for a month every summer is one of the most ploasant things that's happened to me -- But a month is about as much as sho can stand of this kind of life -- the quiot makos her reatles The docr slams and Toddic re-enters, She moves towards the tablo, smiling winningly. We soo that sho is attractive in spito of her sloppy hat and raincoat. Somchow she brings tho froshnoss of tho forest into the room with hor. Teddic (holding out her hand to Barry In the middle of my sleuthing I didn't even have time to say 'How-do-you-do.! . Barry is afraid to rise. He remains soated, and merely nods his head. Barry -How-do-you-do. Teddie looks curiously at him. Afraid of arousing suspicion, Barry attempts to rise, and in doing so, mocks a knife from the table. Now he is in a real dilenma. All he can do is glance down at the Imife and then up at the girl. She locks eurfously at him for an instant and thon cones around to his side of the table and picks up the knifs.
0) 268) dialog: As she stoops, she catches sight of his handcuffs. She jumps back, frightened. 228. 229-6 230. 49
0) 279) text: Me. Miller Go ahead, Teddie. I'll take the blame. (he turns towards Barry) And take some of the bread with you, and some of the moat young man -- you might get hungry later on. Barry (rising) Thanks. You've been pretty swell. Mr. Miller . Yes, it's a nice foeling... Good luck and bon voyage. The. CAMERA PANS WITH BARRY, as he moves towards tho door. Barry i sure approciate it. “(he hesitates a momont) Don't think I won't be back for more of that music!
0) 286) text: Toddio is driving, Barry beside hor. It is still raining, Toddic (glumly) Would you mind closing that window?
0) 295) dialog: He glances out of the window to make sure that the road is quite empty, and then he holds out his man- acled wrists. Barry (grimly) Just like charm bracelets. Teddie (nervously) Get them a little higher -- in the light. Barry moves them until they are right over the stoer- ing wheel. Suddenly, Teddies grabs his arms, pulls thom towards her and down over the steering wheel, so that Berry is shackled to the steering colum, Quite breathless with oxcitement, she stares at him with a triumphant light in her cyes.
0) 304) dialog: She tries to be aloof. Teddle I'd prefer it if you wouldn't speak to me, You'ro really not very funny. Barry Okay, that suits me fino. He looks out ahoad. We can see that his mind is work- ing. Suddenly he turns his hands upward, grabbing tho steering whool by two or threo spokes that radiate from tho column. 245. e
0) 309) text: al »e@ 249. b 250. 6 » 251. me 54 CLOSE SHOT - BARRY'S Foor As he kicks away her foot and pushes down the accoler- ator.
0) 310) dialog: ‘As they wrestle for a moment. Barry proves to be the stronger. He turns. the car towards the right.
0) 312) dialog: She is still struggling against his firm grin, but he is much too strong. After a while, she gives up and sits helplessly beside hin. Teddie (controlling her anger) They'1i add kidnanyving to your charges. Barry- (grimly) «+-And maybe murdor. Taddie looks startled.
0) 315) text: The position of the two cecupants is altered somewhat. Barry is scanning the landscape. He turns slowly. Teddies has relaxed in her struggle against him.
0) 331) dialog: As he realizes that the sign and his passenger are one and the same girl. He grimaces -- and thay pass on in siioncs.
0) 336) dialog: Barry (grimly; with a jerk of his head to the right) They just lost a customer. Teddie Took you a long time to work that one out -- I hope you'r happy with it. Barry (smiling) I like it fine -- I like everything fine except that face up there. CONTINUED; 259. 260. 261. 262.
0) 342) dialog: She is straining against his arms. Barry Goodbye, sweotheart.
0) 346) dialog: As he pulls the hand brake on inside the car, and starts the engine. He sees to it that the car ia in neutral, then pulls out the hand-gas so that the motor “is running fast. CAMERA FOLLOWS HIM as he hops out of the car and lifts ‘the hood.
0) 349) dialog: As he, bends over tho engine, running wide open under the hood. Barry holds the link of his handcuffs close to the spimning fan. Thero is a ringing sound as metal touches motal. Ho hops back as one of the fan blades is. broken off.
0) 358) dialog: He now holds the handcuffs close to the solid steal wheel, which carries the fan belt, and this time ho is more successful, The terrific friction starts to burn through the link. Sparks fly.
0) 359) dialog: He screws up his face with pain as the friction makes the steel of hls handcuffs burning hot.
0) 363) dialog: As the link finally gives. The CAMERA FOLLOWS BARRY as ho slams dowm the hood and rashes back to the car and jwaps back into the driver's seat. LONG SHO? - SHOOTING PAST. BARRY THROUGH THE WINDSHIELD ©
0) 373) text: The alderly man, who is driving, shifts into first geer again. He looks into the rear-view mirror ‘at Barry's car, where Teddie is again struggling with Barry. Elderly Man (to his wife) Looks like a little family row right in the middle of the desert.
0) 377) text: in which Barry and Teddie wore driving. The hood is lifted.
0) 385) dialog: As they walk along, the CAMERA MOVING WITH THEM. Teddie” Then why did you run avay? If you're really innecent, you could have answered the charges against you. Barry It wasn't the evidence. I could have argued with them about that... It was something more than that. When Ken's mother seered to think I was guilty -- I just couldn't ta it... And so I beat it. Teddies looks at him calmly, disbelieving. Teddie It seems to me that you only made things worse by running AVAYe Barry You don't think things out that clear when everything's stacked against you. (he pauses, looking at her) You don't trust or believe anything I say, do you? -- Everything's got to be black and white for you -- doesntt it?. Teddie doesn't answer. Barr It's a cinch to ba righteous whon you're not in trouble. Teddia You're developing a persecution mania. It'll see you a long way on your career as a criminal,
0) 393) dialog: As he stops and looks dovm at the valley below him.
0) 396) dialog: As Teddie arrives at Barry's side a little out of breath. Teddie (sarcastically) What are you stopping for? Why, you might lose five min- utes looking at the view. Think of it -- five minutes. When you're running away, that's a lot. (pause; then cruelly) You haven't got time for looking at scenery, you lmow. Barry is looking out over the valley. He seems to pay no attention to her.
0) 405) dialog: She is hurt in spite of herself. Her eyes soften for a moment. Teddie {more softly) I asked for that. You wero right to lot me have both barrels. Itm sorry. Barry (toughly) Don't go soft -- a little moonlight shouldn't turn your head. ~ Teddie (trying to make friends) It wasn't anything as corny as that. Barry (turning away) Let's get going.
0) 406) dialog: As he walks away from her, Teddie watches him for a moment and then runs after hin,
0) 407) dialog: as she arrives at his side. Toddio (with sudden impulsivoness) Where's it going to got you? Innocent or guilty, where's it going to get you? Running this way without any hope of ever finding a sanctuary. Running can't help you.
0) 417) text: Teddie They're not going very fast, are they? Barry They're probably about four miles away. Teddie It's so clear up here, you almost fool you could reach do and touch them.
0) 419) dialog: Barry A fumny rig to be out in the middle of the desert. Ab tha speed maybe we can hop a ride.
0) 422) dialog: The cavalcade is much nearer now, and we see that it is a small circus on the move. There are twelve trucls in all -- the animal cages, half a Ferris wheel, horses from the carousel, and several closed trucks in the rear. There is no sign of Barry and Teddic. As the trucks MOVE INTO THE SHOT, we can clearly soe the driver and his mate on the first truck. The CAMERA PANS OFF tho cab of the truck to the sido of the road, where, hidden from view, we seq Barry and Teddies. He has his hand clasped over the girl's mouth.
0) 424) dialog: One op two trucks havo passed bofore ho reloasos her, Barry (in a low voice) Sorry, but I can't take a chance. Toddie (angrily) You're right, too. For a momont I'd almost forgotton -- I'll. still turn you in the first chance I fot. Tho trucks aro passing slowly, barely moving up tho steop grado. Barry T had you figured that way. Some scople might have waited ‘tll we got inte town before turning me in -- at least, give mo half a chance to do what T'vo got to do. But not you -- even if you tried, you couldn't give me a break. He takes a step towards the road. Barry I'm going to ride for a while. Coming? . Teddie I'd rather spend the night alone on the desert.
0) 436) text: As he rus alongside of the truck and jumps on to the platforn, Teddie runs out after him and stops. at the side of the road. Barry ++eAnd watch out for the rattlesnakes and gila monsters!
0) 439) dialog: Barry (grinning) Well, hello. Did you get lonely for me already? Teddis Hardly. I just want to stay near you so that you can't go away.
0) 456) dialog: Standing in the rear of the bus. Thin Man . That's because you lead a frivolous life <= both of you! (he twens to Barry) ' it's shocking to find how egocentric the world really is. How little it cares for the other follow!ts troubles. Eve freaks are normal in that respect.
0) 459) dialog: They sit dowm on various seats ‘somewhere in the rear of the bus. Esmeralda Now... snow...
0) 467) dialog: She is frightened, but Barry is determined to stay on. Barry (grimly) We only want a ride. That doesn't seem like such a lot to ask... .
0) 475) dialog: He now stands in the center of the floor of the bus, and looks grimly around the group.
0) 477) dialog: As he holds out his manacled hends. Barry (grimly) Me,.I guess. The whole group is startled.
0) 481) text: He faces all of them. Barry Just a minute. You can all take it easy. I haven't stolen anything; I haven't killed anybody, so relax! Being a sucker's a crime, but it shouldn't scare anybody to death We see Esmeralda as she moves to the rear door and peers out of the bus.
0) 494) dialog: Teddie, in bewilderment, has risen to her feet. There is a moment of silence.
0) 521) dialog: Barry (moved) Thanks. Teddies has not spoken. She turns her head away.
0) 543) text: As she follows Esmeralda's example and yawns widely. TWO SHOT - POLICHIIN ~ OUTSIDE Ten BUS First Policeman They're groggy. Let 'em go back to slecp. They don't know nothing. The first policeman slams the door and they retire, satisfied. MEDIUM LONG SHOT ~ INGERIOR oF BUS The Midget tcars himself loors suddenly, aad runs towards the door, shouting. He is stopped suddenly by Barry's arms that appear cut from under the bunk and pull him down. There is a moment of tonge waiting, and then the roar of the starting motorcycles reassures evoryone. Tha caravan jerks into movement. Barry comes out from under the bunk. The Thin Man and the Midget resume their altercation. Midget » and you're to biame for most of it! Thin Man. Nobody's going to jail!
0) 548) text: She is alone in her corner. Suddenly she begins to sob desperately. The Thin Man and Esmeralda bend over her. ‘helr faces show concern. Eameralda Hey, dearie, what's the matter? Thin Man The poor child. Nervous exhaustion. ‘MEDIUM SHOT ~- BARRY CAMERA PANS WITH HIM as he crosses and sits down on the floor beside Teddie. . Barry I'll take care of her.
0) 550) dialog: putting his arm around Teddie. Barry You were swoet - darned sweet. Teddie It was so awful -- and I was so scared... And now i'm bei a sissy.
0) 561) dialog: She is asleep in his arms.
0) 564) dialog: The sudden jolt causes her to open her eyes. She looks around slowly to see whether Barry ia asleep. Their eyes meet. Barry i Hello. Teddie (whispering) Hella. (pause ) You're very comfortable. (pause } Isn't your arm about to come off? . Barry (grinning) No, my arm's having a wonderful time. Did you sleep well? Teddie I had dreams ~~ very complicated ones. Barry (grinning) Was I in any of them? feddie (shaking her head) Unh-unh. Just Esmeralda and the Thin Man. He was dancing with me -- Wo, I'm wrong. You were in the dream. You . were dancing with the Bearded Lady: Barry She has a right to one dance. She saved my neck. Teddie Dontt let gratitude carry you too far. Barry . I won't. I dontt like people using my razor. Teddies That's mean. Barry You've got to think of these things. Teddie I think they're very nice - both Esmeralda and the Thin M Barry So do I. Some day we'll take him out and faod him for a whole week. Teddile Hetll lose his job. Barry Well, then he could come and stay with us.
0) 570) dialog: Barry (incredulously) They want to sleep -- I can't understand it. Teddie T can. She closes her eyes, then opens them slowly and looks at Barry. He is sitting up wide-awake, not even trying to sleep. . Teddie Go to sleep... Barry Iocantt. I told you that. Teddie Not comfortable? Barry (happily) Very. Teddie (a little suspiciously) I'll move. Barry Oh, nol Please don't! Don't move. Don't ever move! Teddie (disgusted) You're being silly. Good-night. There is a long pause. She closes her eyes. Barry, a little bolder now, kisses her on the forehead again. Teddie Good-night. Barry (quietly) Good-night. FaDE OUT. r 393 pw 394 »
0) 582) text: Teddis Was I snoring? serpy No, sleeping Liles a baby, Teddio stretches, Hor amis pass in front of Barry's faco, He kisses gona of hor hands. She louks over at him quickly, Sha closcs hor syes again, smiling up apainst Barry, Without moving, Barry raises the shade on the window near his head, co that hs can sco tne passing country. CAMERA SHOOTS PAST BARRY ont of the window, A sign post comss into view. It is onc of the kind that has threes ov four names on it with arrows pointing in the saine direction, ountain City is the second name on tho sign -- four wilus away,off to the right.
0) 592) text: AND SSeDDIU Reddic (loclring quickly at Barry) Very well, (she hesitates) We're getting off now, MEDTUM SHO - INVERION oF 3US Esmeralda Right now? Barry itm afraid so, iemeralda
0) 595) text: Teddie tates Barry's arm possessaively, Sarey Yeah, To-+ wo -- won't forret it. YNO SHOT - QUIN MAN aND SSMERALDA Thin Man - A touching farewell and a rare demonstration of female courage and devotion, asmeralda (tired) The old applesauce again. MEDIUM SHO? - INTERIOR oF 3US asmeralda Goodbye, kids, (separately, to Barry) Take care of hor, you! Shets olay! Barry nods shoscpishly, Barry Yeah -- I mow, IAP DISSCLYE TO; 402°
0) 608) dialog: 
0) 612) text: Barry Have you?
0) 616) text: Teddie Hey, youtve gotten awful serious all of a sudden, Barry Sorry. Teddie I suppose getting so close to the end of it slows you up, Barry I wonder if it is the end, She looks up at him inquiringly. He goes on, Barry . As long as it was just Fry, it was simple «- All I had to do was find him and take him back to L.A, I was thinking only of myself -- but now, Iw er -- Maybe there's more to it than that. A man like this Tobin, for instance -= a gay with a swimming pool -- Whatts he doing in this? What he after? .
0) 618) text: Peddie (the typical woman) Don't think about it, Wait ttl you come to ites : Barry . Any minute now,
0) 619) dialog: As they trudge on.
0) 620) dialog: Teddie (brightly) I know what It going to do with my next thirty minutos, Barry What? Teddie It starts with orange juice. Barry Breakfast? Teddies Tt won't hurt you either. When did you eat last?
0) 637) dialog: He attempts to grin at her, We can see that he ig trying to hide his disappointment, Barry T gusss our breakfast isn't ready yot. Teddies " Maybe it spoiled, waiting for us. CAHERA PANS WITH BARRY, as ho moves to a calendar on the wall. We looks at it sadly, The date is: "Jamary 1, 1923"
0) 638) dialog: Teddies We are a little late] Barry Sorry, darling. I imew E shouldn't have taken you alonr,.
0) 648) text: Barry, TWO BCP ~ LARRY AND wy
0) 656) text: Barry (bit Yeah, close... A deserted » from nowhere, TZ haven't ac miles MEDIUM SHOT - TEDDIE wre el ai
0) 657) text: Teddic has crossed the ercaking floor and is looking out of the window, Barry See anything? Taddio Not a thing. (sho turns back to him) Whero do we go from hero?
0) 663) dialog: He follows the sound to a small door at the far end of the room, Peddie is begide him, He points to the door handlo. . d
0) 664) text: Although the face of the handle is dull and tarnished like all the other metal in tho room, tho outer edge > of the Imob is shiny with use, The bell rings again, obviously inside the door, Barry's hand cones into the scons, and ssizes the kmob and turns it -- but the door is lockud, ‘The phone continues to ving. b
0) 665) dialog: The door is to the right. Thore is 2 broken window near the door, With a kiek, Bavry clears the window of broken glass, and hops outside,
0) 669) dialog: He soes that the windows of the room that holds tre mystery of the tlephone havo no glass, bub that th blinds are drawn. Ie releases the catch of the blinds and hops inside, pushing his way past them.
0) 676) dialog: As he glances through the hole in the blind,
0) 682) dialog: As he crosses to Teddies, Barry (as he stoops over a tripod) Maybe we can tivo this.
0) 683) text: She straightena, Yeddie (sarcastically) Just what I've been longing for -- a bit of fried tripod. Barry has picked the thing up and is adjusting it. Barry (handing it to her) Here, hold this.
0) 685) dialog: She hands him the tripod. He quickly mounts the telescope, pointing it dircetly at the hole in the blind, and inserting it through the hole, He looks through it,
0) 688) dialog: As he looks through the telescope, Teddie is standing at his side. Barry gives a long, low whistle. Teddie What is 16? Barry doesn't answer, Sho pushes him oub cf the VAY e Teddie Let me see, She looks through the telescope, then straightens, startled, . Geddie Do you think... Barry (detaching teloscope) I don't know. Put it away, will you?
0) 689) text: Teddie goss to a corner of the room, and replaces the telescope in its positior, Barry is folding up the tripod, He straightens and heppens to turn baci to the blind, We looks agein through the opening.
0) 693) text: The other is drossed in city clothes - a lounge suit and a light raincoat over his am, (Schneider Their faces show groat concor xt Barry's presenco. Neilson (orusquely) How did you get in here?
0) 695) dialog: He faces both men, ‘ine sharp looking man in the city clothes, Schneider, is looking Barry over nervously. Schneider Wheres you from? What are you sucking around here for? Barry notices that the man has a newspaper in his pocket, Ho steps over to him and without answoring takes the paper out of his pocket,
0) 696) text: There is a large picture of Barry and a briof description of him, A banner headline reads:
0) 698) dialog: if a po Barry folds the paper and hands it back to Schneider, The two men examine it and look into Barry's hee for confirmation. Schneider (toughly) How did you know about this place? Barry doesn't answer, kt CONTINUED:
0) 702) dialog: Barry's expression does not change. Barry All right - which one of you is Neilson? Again the men hesitate. Then Neilson answers: Hoilson Tam, How'd you lmow my namo? Barry (curtly) Tobin. Ho told me anout this place. Te said Neilson would hide me out ~~ maybe help me make a break for the East.
0) 704) dialog: Barry (to Neilson) Yeahs (he jorks his head in the direction of Schneider) But he never said anything about him - who's he? Schneider (nervously) Schneider, I'm from the East, Barry (disregarding Schneider; to Neilson, in a flat voice} : if he's not okay you'll take the rap, Now let's go -- I've baen hore long enough. Tho trip here was no push- over ~ I had to hoof it most of tho way, so let's B00 455 k 456 » 457 b 453 » »e a 459
0) 706) text: ’ 101 MEDIVIL CLOSEUP ~- TEDDIE OW OfHEX SIDE OF DOOR Ag sho listens intently, ler face reveals that che pelicves Barry to bo a sabotcour after all, MEDIUM SHOT - BARRY AND THe THO RV . NeLlson Itve got no placo to hide you out, Talcing caro of guys when the host's on ain't in wy lino.
0) 708) dialog: As he steps up to the two men. Barry (with growing oxcitomont) Tt!s not in your linc} (he tums to Schneider) How about you? I suppose you're etrietly the brains? Or do you take a chanco ones in a whilc, too «= just for laughs. Or uaybo that isn't 4 ay it worke -- maybe itm the only guy that sticks his ne out, Yoah ~ way out. (ho stops for a moment, his voiee drops; thon monacingly) Just got this straight. Itve done a big job and thoy!re aftor me - it's up to you guys to tako care of mo, Yeah - and do it right -- or clse you might have a little troubl of your own. :
0) 710) text: Neilson (alarmed) Hoy, take it casy -+ don't go off half-cocked Like that, Hang on to your norve, MEDIUM SHOT - BARRY AND oa TO MEW Barry I havo beon hanging on -- I've boon hanging on lone enough. Schncidor looks norvously at Barry. Tho cxtromo oxcitemont of the young man frightens him, Schneider I know -- I lmow youtvs boen through sone protty difficul things, All tho more reason, for your safety as voll as ours, that you kecp your nerve at this moment.
0) 739) text: Roaring along the highway at great speed, TiO SHOT - THR BACK SEAT - SCHNEIDER AND’ BARRY Schneider (indicating the men in front) They're driving shifts. In that way there'll be no need for us to stop over night anywhere, Makes it faster than the train and safer, CLOSEUP - BARR’ As hoe looks dubiously out of the window, Barry (siiling) Pataye 478 479 480 481 482 483 484 485 486 106
0) 740) dialog: Schneider (Lronically) Does being safe worry you a great deal? Barry (in same tone of voice) It doesn't kecp me up nights,
0) 750) text: Containing Barry and Schnoider as it. slows down.
0) 769) text: THE PICTURE finally clears to: A LONG SHOT - EXTERIOR - MOONLIT SKYLINE oF NEW YORK CAMERA PANS DOWN To: 496 497 499 500-1 602 109 MNDIUM LONG SHOT - EXTERIOR - GASOLINE STavIonN We see the car in which Barry and Schneider have | been traveling, perked in the station, MEDIUM SHOT - INTERIOR OF CAR, SHOOTING THucuGH
0) 787) text: While the CAMERA 3 and Schncidor move a antc-hall, INS IN THE SAME POSITION, Barry way towards the left of the small Beyond them we are now able to got a glimpse of the large hall. This is reachod by three broad steps from tho smaller hall, and has beon tempornrily converted into a dance floor, On the other side of the hall is a large oponing, through which can be soon 9 grand staircase. Schnoider leads Barry off the small hall, up a side staircasa,
0) 788) text: As they reach the top of the staircase they move along a corridor, CAMERA FOLLOWING, Barry stops for a moment at a curtalned opening and glances through, 112 512 SEMT LOG Shot Over his shoulder vo can sce & small balcony with o vi floor below. Schne iar tug from the curtain and vith asks: .
0) 789) text: t he is standing on the danters on th Barry turns bevildered expr
0) 792) text: Barry What the hell is all this? Sehneidar Keep your mouth shut and don't ask questions!
0) 802) text: Dowager Oh, thore you aro! Mr, Schneider, I've boon waiting, What took you so long? a pe a SEMI CLOSEUP -~ SCHNEIDER AnD BARRY Schnoider behaves vory deferantially in the old womants presence. Schnoidor Im™ sorry, tho traffie -- it held us up. They ought to do somothing oboutees. kt
0) 805) text: Schncoider advances with Barry towards the center of the room. The CAMERA MOVES IN to include the three. Schneider Certainly, that's why we came here. Dowagor Yes, and that's another thing. Why did you come haret Why didn't you go to ths office? Schnoider We got word -- they think it's being watchod.... Dowagor Nonsense} She turns toward Barry and looks him up and down. Dowager . So this is the young man. Well, I hope he's going to throw somo light on tho situation,
0) 806) text: There is a silence for a moment as noither Barry nor Schneider answors hor,
0) 808) text: Schnoider turns quiotly to Barry. ‘Schneider Why dtan's you toll me about the young lady?
0) 813) text: er, Barry What're you talking about? I don't know of anyess. Thore is a silence as Barry fails to contime. Suddenly it is broken by a girl's volec, which speaks quietly from another pert of the roou as yet unseen by Barry. : Teddie Why didn't you tell thom, Mr, Ford? Barry swings round. SEMI LONG 8HoT From his viewpoint wo eco Teddio scated in an anne chair, Hor attitude is quite casual as she sits with her Ences cresscd, Beside her on a small table is a tray of coffse and sandwiches, She holds a half-caton sandwich in her hand. Near her are sitting and standing two other mon. Ono of thom - woars a tuxodo -- ho ia Edward, the dowagor's private seoretary. Ho has the look of an intollce- tual and is about thirty yoars old, Noxt to him is Mr, Porl, a stocky, poworful man of about fifty. Ho is in full ovening dress,
0) 815) text: Schnoider comes boside Barry who turns back and asks quickly: Barry What's sho doing hero? Schneider smiles, Schneidor Oh, then youtve met? Itm glad you choso to bo frank about it. It's a pity you didn't do it soonorse.. Barry How did she got horo? (thon to Taddic) T thought I told you up in tho mountaina to Got auteses CONTINUED: . 523 524 115
0) 817) dialog: Barry is thinking hard as ho hears this,. His eyes take’ in the group of people around him, Por a briof moment a faint half smile of resolution comes into his face, The CAMERA FOLLOWS HIN as ho quickly strides towards Taddic, He addvressos her furiously: Barry Why, you dirty, doublo-crossing Littlo Deeeses Edward, the scoratary, etops up to him before ho can reach hor, Schneider hurries forvard to take hor arm, Mrs. Vendor's voles bursts. across tho gseonc ivritably: ilps, Vanderts Voice Pleaso, lot's not have any personal scones! Schnoider continues: Schnoider . As it happons, no harm was dono... You sco, the sheriff is a particularly good friend of ours -- in fact, 1 might almost say, ho is one of udes.es Tho CAMERA PULLS BACK to inelude Mrs. Vander, who again bursts in impationtly: Mrs. Vandor Oh, do stop talking like aman in a mystery story! And got those poople out of ny house) Mr, Perl interposes pointedly: Mr, Porl IT still want to know why he didn't toll Schneider aboute Mrs, Vander intorrupte: Mrs, Vandor . Ploase, I must go back to my guests, and so I'd really li to know oxactly what you propoun to do, Schnuider calls seross to Mr. Porl:
0) 821) text: He leads Parl across to Mra, Vander. The thice talk in low voicos in anothor part of the ° the CAMERA FOLLOWS THEM, Edward strolls at'ter thon, nearor to the door, in caso. the girl should attompt . . any movo, We now get a view of the room, shoving Barry and tho girl alono, Hdward by the door, and Mrs. Vandor and the other two mon talking quictly together, We cannot hear what thoy are sayings
0) 822) text: » 525 SEMI CLOSHUP ~ BARRY Barry, standing by Toddio, is thinking hard as ho looks down at her, Ho almost bonds to Spoak, but holds himself back, Uc looka down towards tho other poople in the room. Ho turns back and Blances at . tho books on the shelves, Suddonly he bursts out to Toddic as the CAMERA PULIS BACK SLIGHTLY, -- Barry Why couldn't you leave mo alone? I told you to got oute What did you think you wore doing?. > @ Hla cyos aro still skimming the book shelves, Ho puts his hand up and etarts to tap one of the books. In his protended angor ho grabs Teddio and pulls her up out of the chair as he saya: ® Barry You've gotten yoursolf in a jom now! I cantt help youl I can't “do anything for you. As Toddic angrily toars horscif away from him, ho taps tho book more furiously, Mrs, Vandor's voice > comes frou the far ond of the room, Mrs, Vander's Voices Will you please stop shouting}
0) 823) text: Barry's and Toddic's heads aro closor together. Sho is almost about to ery out in vretest whon hor eyes alight on-the book, ,
0) 825) text: Barry's fingor tapoing tho book, which is titlca "ESCAPE" by Ethel Vanco,
0) 828) text: We see Teddie's expression chanre to one of growing mystification and then into the realisation of what Barry is trying to convey,
0) 830) text: Barry and Teddie, Barry continues to shout at her. Barry You're ina jam, sister! And I canis say I'm sorry for you -- if youtd done what I...; He is interrupted by the suund of a voice bevind hims . Voice Good evening, Mr, Fonl.... Barry turns sharply. SEMI LONG Slo? From Barry's viewpolnt we see a familiar figure in white tie and tails sata ng in the doorvuy, It is the smiling bucolic Mr, Tobin, “he others are seen to advance down the roon.
0) 833) dialog: We see his terrific reaction to the presence of Mr, Tobin,
0) 854) text: We follow the couple across the small hall to the front door, They are intercepted by two footmon, ons. of whom has just left the telephones. The latter says to Barry, as the CAMERA MOVES IN to a CLOSER SHOT: Footman Mr. Tobin would like to speak to rou, sir, before you go. The house telephone is in the cloak room -+ there. Barry “ Tell Mr. Tobin I'll talk to him somo other time He looks at the two formidable men who are standing shoulder to shoulder. Then, in ordar to gain time, he turns away, Teddie with him, and CAMERA FOLLOWING then. As they stand in the middle of the entrance hall, Barry says quietly to Teddio: Barry There must be some way to get out of here. CAMERA FOLLOWS THEM to the rising stops which lead to the dance floor. ‘they look across: 547. 548. 549.
1) 0) text: As they dance, they glance around, realizing thet they are surrounded and have little chance to eacape. Barry glances down at Teddic, Barry How do you feel?
1) 19) dialog: Barry's expression changes to one of alarm. As he dances away from the camera into a TWO SHOT, the music comes to a stop. CAMERA FOLLOWS them as Barry escorts his partner off the floor. Woman (still twitching) Oh, what a pity! That was a lovely dance! I do hope you'll ask me again...it was so - so exciting..-+ Barry Yes -- 1t was -- thanks -- thanks a low! . He turns from her suddenly, CAMERA FOLLOWING HIM. He comes face to face with Tobin, who greets him with a benevolent smile. : ’ Tobin Well, young man, I see you're enjoying yourself! A charmi party, isn't 1b? : Barry (angrily) Where is she? . Tobin You mean your young lady? I thought you were taxing care of her. Perhaps she has a headache and is lying down somewhere wee Barry looks at Tobin furiously. Tobin (continuing) If you'd like to come with me and look for her..... CAMERA PULLS BACK as Barry realizes he is facing not only Tobin but Schneider, Perl, and a menacing foot- man. . With resolution he turns away from them and the CAMERA PANS WITH HIM ta the center of the empty dance floor, He procceds and approaches the stand where the band is resting.
1) 22) text: Barry is now standing in front of the band stand, a amall figure. In a loud voice he announces: Barry Ladies and gentlemen....- SEMI-CLOSEUP . . A laughing group turn and look round in surprise at this figure, who is in a rumpled suit and not looking at all like one of the guests.
1) 32) text: There is a moment of tense silence. Barry is staring across at his enumiss.
1) 34) dialog: Barry follows Tobin's look, 578 579
1) 44) text: Barry is now following the footman through the crowd, CAMERA AFTER him. They go up the grand staircasy.
1) 46) text: Barry enters the room. He glances around for Teddie. She is not there. Tobin atands in the center, a solitary figure. The footman enters and closes the door. Tobin A very nice apeech you just made, my boy! Spontaneous and charming -- I'm sorry the young lady wasn't ther. to hear it. Mr. Tobin calmly continues to speak over Barry's shoulder to tho footman: AAs. 132
1) 62) dialog: As he rises and looks them over. He picks up a can, shakes it, and knocks it egainst the wall.
1) 73) dialog: As hé sees the sprinkler syatem, he has an ides. dk
1) 79) dialog: He has only one match left. Me strikes it and holds tounder the sprinkler. Nothing happens. Then whon the match is nearly burning his finger, the water suddenly begins to spout.
1) 98) dialog: He is startled. On the sound track we hear the approaching sound of another siren. :
1) 99) dialog: As he makes his way out of the crowd. We see hin heading towards a parked taxi across the strevt.
1) 100) dialog: As he gets into the taxi. MEDIUM SHOT - INVGRIOR TAXI, SHOOTING Past BARRY
1) 108) text: . Teddie goes to the window and slips the blotter » out through a narrow crack in the casement. It flutters out of sight. She crosses to the light ° switch and starts to snap it up and down. »e@ 625 LONG SHOF ~ EXTERIOR - OUTSIDS OF SKYSCRAPER We follow the piece ef paper down to the gutter of a roof of a neighboring building. There, it stops fluttering. b 626 MEDIUM SHOT - INTHRIOR - TAXI - BARRY Barry is leaning forward as they speed through down- town New York. p> 627 MEDIUM LONG SHOT ~ EXTERIOR - NEW YORK STREET? As Barry's taxi comes tearing down it.
1) 124) text: CAMERA MOVES WITH BARRY as ho runs towards the main gato.
1) 142) text: As Fry's hand strays towards the button. MEDIUM SHOT - INTERIOR oF va" As Barry attacks Fry from the rear.
1) 143) text: Barry grabs his wrist. There is a silent duel, with Barry trying to prevent Fry from reaching the button. .
1) 156) text: » Elevator arrivea. The elevator man looks out, up and down the corridor, then beckons to Fry and the driver. They move ont into the hall, GAMERA PANNING WITH THEM, as they carry Barry. He is beginning to regain consciousness. He starts » to struggle. They hustle him across the passage towards an office door.
1) 160) text: "GRANSOCEANIC FILM Company" » . 670 MEDIUM SHOT - SHOOTING PAST BARRY, FRY aND DAIVER Fry throws open the door. 5 671 MEDIUM LONG SHOT - SHOOTING INSIDE THE ROOM Past
1) 193) dialog: As they move out of the theater. In the distance Fry is getting into a cab with studied calmness. p Barry is desperate. He starts forward.
1) 194) dialog: Aga they yank Barry back. » Pirst Policeman Come on, now. Don't try nothin'. Barry (turning to Teddie ~ frantic) These clucks won't believe me. Grab a cab and follow him. 696 “MEDIUM LONG SHOT - SHOOTING PAST BARRY AT TEDDIE
1) 265) text: Aa he whirls. CANWERA PULLS BACK as he returns to Teddie. Pry ” How'd you know my name? . (he tukeg har by ihe shoulders and shakes her) Come on. What are you trying to do? How'd you know who I was? Peddie (letting it all go) That's not all I know. I know all about you -- about Kearny and the dam += and-the fire out in California. I know you framed Barry Ford. Pry I get it. It's beginning to make sense. You're vord's girl. I should have spotted yous Teddie That's only one of the things you should have done. Yow haven't been 30 clever, Mr. Fry. Fry (quietly) Listen, they haven't got me, yet, but there's one guy they have got -- your boyfriend. and get this -- if any of US go, we're going to take Mr. Ford with ua. : very one of us will swear that Ford was in on the whole thing. They'll hang him, sister ~- don't forget that -- and I'll be alive and kicking when they do. He releases her suddenly. THE CAMERA PANS WITH HIM as ho moves down the stairs. Ho turns back still in view, waving to Teddie. Fry (sarcastically) So long. It's been nice meeting you.
1) 273) dialog: CAMERA PANS WITH HIM as he pushes his way through the descending tourists. Ife is ahead of the police.
1) 280) dialog: 
1) 284) text: Barry appears close hehind him. Fry is desperute. He pulls his gun.
1) 285) text: Barry closes with him to prevent Pry from shooting. The gun falls. cur TO: > .
1) 294) dialog: As he endeavors to catch hold of Fry's arm. de movea carefully, because ho himself is in a precarious position. Barry , Hold on, I'm coning! Fry Don't let me go'-- please, please -- I'll clear you. Don't let me fall! Barry manages to seize Fry's sleeve, but the weight of Fry's body iy too much for the cloth. Slowly it starts to tear.
1) 305) dialog: He is safe. FADE OUT.