0) 4) text: MEDIUM SHOT ~ INTERIOR Cab of TRUCK We find Barry seated beside the driver, who is a voluble young man of abcut thirty, He wears a wove mants cap and is smoking a cigarette, which ho never takes out of his mouth. Driver a ee These pleasure cars really make it tough for.us boys. They think they got a lease on the read. Sure - we got a better chance in any ‘sind of a crack=up ~ but that means a black mark from the compa - and then they aoc you.
0) 6) text: Barry docsn't seom to be very intorested in the con- versation, but he endeavors to keep up his end. Barry How long have you been dviving today? Driver Eicht hours so far, and in this smiwb-nose it's somo grind. But from here on into Reno I lmow every little roc in the road. Barry Where are you going after Renot Driver Salt Lake, maybe. That's a tough trip, too. Your trick gets so hot you have to cover the gas pedal with nowspapo Barry (sympathetically) Tets sure a tough racket, . Driver Youh, But at least I eat rosular. Throughout the dialogue a loud rattling noise has mado itself heard inside the cab. Tho driver points to somothing beside Barry's car. Driver Doos that thing bother you?
0) 12) text: Barvy's Pace is losing its strained oxpression as tho driver soos on: . Driver (off sesne) So all T got out of 1b is a house that's badly run. What ean you do with women? -- thoero'ts ao way to lick 'om ox in the movios...
0) 15) text: I did vo Driver One lousy torn, ain't it? (he pauses) Where did you work? Barry An airplans factory.
0) 21) dialog: as he looks away from the rond for an instant, over at. Barry, . Driver You never boon in the clint, eh? MEDIUM SHOT - INTERIOR Cap Barry (nervously) No. . Driver No offense. Fivo out of ton ceuys you pick up on the road have been in jail nowadays. Soems like thore's lots more trouble than thore used to be. Barry Yeah. Lots of trouble ~- all over the world. : Driver Well, it's a great life. He releases tho whee}. for an instant and strotches both arms, arching his back. Driver Hold it for a second while I got a cigarette, Barry holds the wheel, The driver lights anothor cigarette. Driver Where you going in Bridgeport, kid? Barry Middle of town.
0) 50) text: In the @istance are high mountains, capped with suo, and in the foreground the highway, as it runs through a wide, fertile valley. In the extrema distance wo see tha truck stopped on the lonely highway. The tiny figure of Barvy alights. Ho waves to the driver and starts down a side road.
0) 149) text: Detective Back in L.A. you'll get all the dope -- and from what I hear they might throw away tha key. The car slows up with a squeaking of brakes. ‘The de- tective beside Barry looks up and speaks to the driver. . Detective What's wrong, Joe - what's holding us up?
0) 562) dialog: As he turns quickly to avoid a rock in the road.
0) 779) text: Still SHOOTING from inside the ear, we see the doorman open the rear door, In the front seat the man beaide the driver, who has been asleep, comes to life suddenly. Ho sees ths house and quickly turns towavds Schneider. Man How about. tomorrow? You want me on the Kearny job? Schneider looks at him a little annoyed as he gots out. Schneider T don't know -- and why dontt you ‘Eeap your mouth shut? -Man Sorry, boss, I thought he was in onseeses
1) 101) dialog: Barry Kearny Ship Yards. Driver (turning) Kearny -- that's Jersey, ain't it? Barry I guess so. Hurry. Hey, It's Barry leans back in the seat. The motor starts, but the cab does not move. Barry moves fornard and slides open the panel between the back and front seats of the cab. Barry what's the matter? Get going. Driver . the fire. They're blocked all the way to 48d Street. On the sound track we hear the horns of cars.
1) 156) text: » Elevator arrivea. The elevator man looks out, up and down the corridor, then beckons to Fry and the driver. They move ont into the hall, GAMERA PANNING WITH THEM, as they carry Barry. He is beginning to regain consciousness. He starts » to struggle. They hustle him across the passage towards an office door.
1) 200) text: As the driver turns to Fry. Driver Where you goin', buddy? Pry Downtown. ’ Phe cab starts with a jerk. Driver Where abouts? Fry Anywhere, just keep going downtown.