0) 446) dialog: The Boarded Lady is a motherly, middle-aged woman in flowered dressing gown, her hair dons in curlers. He plump face is sorens and normal in every respect, save for a fine, full beard. The man is an extremely thin, cadaverous looking person,. obviously a fasting champion. He is eating a huge sandwich.
0) 448) dialog: Thin Man (cordially) Ah, stowavays! In the middle of this desert sea we acquir two more vagabonds... .Bedouwins like ourselves, oh, Esmo alda? Boardod Lady (hereafter called Esmeralda) They don't look so hot to me. “Barry feels that he must introduce himself. Barry Our car broke down about twenty milos back. We startod walking. Nobody would pick us up... Then, on the incline, when your bus slowed dovm, we hopped on. All we need ig a lift to the next. town.
0) 449) dialog: The midget pushes past them, sticking his head out. Midget Broke down, eh? We didn't pass no wreck on the highway. The midget withdraws his head again and disappears into interior of the bus. 514. 315. 316. Sl7.
0) 469) dialog: Esmeralda It, does seem kind of lousy to throw these kids off right here. : : liddget : Idon't care. I've got a contract. It provides for safe transportation! Get tem off or I'll sue! MEDIUM LONG SHOT - SHOOTING BACKWARDS FROM FRONT oF
0) 478) dialog: The Thin Man moves forward murmuring incredulously: Thin Man The carefree youth -- and he's got handcuffs on! Esmeralda You're one swell judge of human nature.
0) 485) dialog: He is sitting despondently on one of the beda. Thin Man - I have always prided myself that never yet have I served an instrument of the police. mg 339. 3540. 341. 342. S43.
0) 493) text: The Thin Man 1s standing in the center. Thin Man Your small body, it seems, contains an even smaller soul! He turns and goes back to his place. Esmeralda azain looks out of the rear door. Her head comes back in. Several voieca in the front of the bus are heard ex- claiming: Volees Look out! They're coming! CAVERA PANS DOWN THE INTERIOR of the truck past the frightened faces of all the circus performers and ends ina:
0) 495) dialog: She 1s determined to act. She rises to her feet. . Esmeralda Well -- what'll we do? Thin Man Take a vote. This is a representative democracy. The will of the majority must be observed.
0) 499) dialog: As he turns contemptuously on the midget. Thin Man Fascist!
0) 501) dialog: Thin Man The question before the house...
0) 543) text: As she follows Esmeralda's example and yawns widely. TWO SHOT - POLICHIIN ~ OUTSIDE Ten BUS First Policeman They're groggy. Let 'em go back to slecp. They don't know nothing. The first policeman slams the door and they retire, satisfied. MEDIUM LONG SHOT ~ INGERIOR oF BUS The Midget tcars himself loors suddenly, aad runs towards the door, shouting. He is stopped suddenly by Barry's arms that appear cut from under the bunk and pull him down. There is a moment of tonge waiting, and then the roar of the starting motorcycles reassures evoryone. Tha caravan jerks into movement. Barry comes out from under the bunk. The Thin Man and the Midget resume their altercation. Midget » and you're to biame for most of it! Thin Man. Nobody's going to jail!
0) 548) text: She is alone in her corner. Suddenly she begins to sob desperately. The Thin Man and Esmeralda bend over her. ‘helr faces show concern. Eameralda Hey, dearie, what's the matter? Thin Man The poor child. Nervous exhaustion. ‘MEDIUM SHOT ~- BARRY CAMERA PANS WITH HIM as he crosses and sits down on the floor beside Teddie. . Barry I'll take care of her.
0) 549) dialog: Esmeralda realizes what it's all about. . Esmeralda (taking the Thin Man's arm) Come on, Mr. Jones, we'll go and make some coffee.
0) 591) text: 2 i t Thoir arguing has wakencd the other people in the bus. The thin man and Esmeralda look incuiringly across at thom. Teddie notices them. She gets up and straightens her ruffled clothes. Teddise Good morning. Esmeralda Did you sleep well, dearie? 398 399 400 401 kt 89 TWO SHOP - 3.
0) 595) text: Teddie tates Barry's arm possessaively, Sarey Yeah, To-+ wo -- won't forret it. YNO SHOT - QUIN MAN aND SSMERALDA Thin Man - A touching farewell and a rare demonstration of female courage and devotion, asmeralda (tired) The old applesauce again. MEDIUM SHO? - INTERIOR oF 3US asmeralda Goodbye, kids, (separately, to Barry) Take care of hor, you! Shets olay! Barry nods shoscpishly, Barry Yeah -- I mow, IAP DISSCLYE TO; 402°
1) 94) dialog: Barry looks over the man's shoulder.