0) 4) text: MEDIUM SHOT ~ INTERIOR Cab of TRUCK We find Barry seated beside the driver, who is a voluble young man of abcut thirty, He wears a wove mants cap and is smoking a cigarette, which ho never takes out of his mouth. Driver a ee These pleasure cars really make it tough for.us boys. They think they got a lease on the read. Sure - we got a better chance in any ‘sind of a crack=up ~ but that means a black mark from the compa - and then they aoc you.
0) 43) text: Radio Calling all highway patrolmen... Ko on the lookout for a. man naned Barry Ford. Ue Ls blonde...
0) 66) text: Maid in the foreground. We do not see the man in the pool. . Maid Man outside to see you, Mr. Tobin -- looking for a Mr. Fr Tobin (off scene; thoughtfully) Mr. Fry, eh? Well, show the young man in.
0) 73) text: Wo see that two of thom are addressed to Frank Fry, c/o Charlos Tobin, Esq. Tobints Volco (on sound track) itm afraid you've got a wrong nwibor. I don't think I ave kmew a man by that name. gl. Bey 83. a4. 85. 86. 25
0) 89) text: Tobin Now, Baby, you're not going the right way... Thatis not what the gentleman told you to do. Put them back in the pocket. You must be carefvl with letters that don't be- long to you.
0) 193) text: He is a kindly locking, white-haired man of about sixty-five, but wiry and virile. He smiles. Me. Miller Where's your car, young fellow? You might have trouble starting it if you leave it out in the rain. Therats a lean-to behind the cabin -- you can put it under there.
0) 279) text: Me. Miller Go ahead, Teddie. I'll take the blame. (he turns towards Barry) And take some of the bread with you, and some of the moat young man -- you might get hungry later on. Barry (rising) Thanks. You've been pretty swell. Mr. Miller . Yes, it's a nice foeling... Good luck and bon voyage. The. CAMERA PANS WITH BARRY, as he moves towards tho door. Barry i sure approciate it. “(he hesitates a momont) Don't think I won't be back for more of that music!
0) 373) text: The alderly man, who is driving, shifts into first geer again. He looks into the rear-view mirror ‘at Barry's car, where Teddie is again struggling with Barry. Elderly Man (to his wife) Looks like a little family row right in the middle of the desert.
0) 493) text: The Thin Man 1s standing in the center. Thin Man Your small body, it seems, contains an even smaller soul! He turns and goes back to his place. Esmeralda azain looks out of the rear door. Her head comes back in. Several voieca in the front of the bus are heard ex- claiming: Volees Look out! They're coming! CAVERA PANS DOWN THE INTERIOR of the truck past the frightened faces of all the circus performers and ends ina:
0) 514) dialog: Thin Man I'm for maintaining the status quo. Let 'em stay- Esmeralda (a little confused) Firty-fifty.
0) 541) text: She is svated in the corner near the door, wide-aywals sae stares into the ligns. Policeman's Voice (off scene) What about you? Teddies pauses. She doesn't anawer. Policeman's Voice (off scene) Teddies (bravely) I haven't seen anything. - MEDIUM SHOT - TO INCLUDE POLICHMEN AND REAR PART of
0) 543) text: As she follows Esmeralda's example and yawns widely. TWO SHOT - POLICHIIN ~ OUTSIDE Ten BUS First Policeman They're groggy. Let 'em go back to slecp. They don't know nothing. The first policeman slams the door and they retire, satisfied. MEDIUM LONG SHOT ~ INGERIOR oF BUS The Midget tcars himself loors suddenly, aad runs towards the door, shouting. He is stopped suddenly by Barry's arms that appear cut from under the bunk and pull him down. There is a moment of tonge waiting, and then the roar of the starting motorcycles reassures evoryone. Tha caravan jerks into movement. Barry comes out from under the bunk. The Thin Man and the Midget resume their altercation. Midget » and you're to biame for most of it! Thin Man. Nobody's going to jail!
0) 548) text: She is alone in her corner. Suddenly she begins to sob desperately. The Thin Man and Esmeralda bend over her. ‘helr faces show concern. Eameralda Hey, dearie, what's the matter? Thin Man The poor child. Nervous exhaustion. ‘MEDIUM SHOT ~- BARRY CAMERA PANS WITH HIM as he crosses and sits down on the floor beside Teddie. . Barry I'll take care of her.
0) 591) text: 2 i t Thoir arguing has wakencd the other people in the bus. The thin man and Esmeralda look incuiringly across at thom. Teddie notices them. She gets up and straightens her ruffled clothes. Teddise Good morning. Esmeralda Did you sleep well, dearie? 398 399 400 401 kt 89 TWO SHOP - 3.
0) 595) text: Teddie tates Barry's arm possessaively, Sarey Yeah, To-+ wo -- won't forret it. YNO SHOT - QUIN MAN aND SSMERALDA Thin Man - A touching farewell and a rare demonstration of female courage and devotion, asmeralda (tired) The old applesauce again. MEDIUM SHO? - INTERIOR oF 3US asmeralda Goodbye, kids, (separately, to Barry) Take care of hor, you! Shets olay! Barry nods shoscpishly, Barry Yeah -- I mow, IAP DISSCLYE TO; 402°
0) 616) text: Teddie Hey, youtve gotten awful serious all of a sudden, Barry Sorry. Teddie I suppose getting so close to the end of it slows you up, Barry I wonder if it is the end, She looks up at him inquiringly. He goes on, Barry . As long as it was just Fry, it was simple «- All I had to do was find him and take him back to L.A, I was thinking only of myself -- but now, Iw er -- Maybe there's more to it than that. A man like this Tobin, for instance -= a gay with a swimming pool -- Whatts he doing in this? What he after? .
0) 618) text: Peddie (the typical woman) Don't think about it, Wait ttl you come to ites : Barry . Any minute now,
0) 710) text: Neilson (alarmed) Hoy, take it casy -+ don't go off half-cocked Like that, Hang on to your norve, MEDIUM SHOT - BARRY AND oa TO MEW Barry I havo beon hanging on -- I've boon hanging on lone enough. Schncidor looks norvously at Barry. Tho cxtromo oxcitemont of the young man frightens him, Schneider I know -- I lmow youtvs boen through sone protty difficul things, All tho more reason, for your safety as voll as ours, that you kecp your nerve at this moment.
0) 779) text: Still SHOOTING from inside the ear, we see the doorman open the rear door, In the front seat the man beaide the driver, who has been asleep, comes to life suddenly. Ho sees ths house and quickly turns towavds Schneider. Man How about. tomorrow? You want me on the Kearny job? Schneider looks at him a little annoyed as he gots out. Schneider T don't know -- and why dontt you ‘Eeap your mouth shut? -Man Sorry, boss, I thought he was in onseeses
0) 802) text: Dowager Oh, thore you aro! Mr, Schneider, I've boon waiting, What took you so long? a pe a SEMI CLOSEUP -~ SCHNEIDER AnD BARRY Schnoider behaves vory deferantially in the old womants presence. Schnoidor Im™ sorry, tho traffie -- it held us up. They ought to do somothing oboutees. kt
0) 805) text: Schncoider advances with Barry towards the center of the room. The CAMERA MOVES IN to include the three. Schneider Certainly, that's why we came here. Dowagor Yes, and that's another thing. Why did you come haret Why didn't you go to ths office? Schnoider We got word -- they think it's being watchod.... Dowagor Nonsense} She turns toward Barry and looks him up and down. Dowager . So this is the young man. Well, I hope he's going to throw somo light on tho situation,
0) 813) text: er, Barry What're you talking about? I don't know of anyess. Thore is a silence as Barry fails to contime. Suddenly it is broken by a girl's volec, which speaks quietly from another pert of the roou as yet unseen by Barry. : Teddie Why didn't you tell thom, Mr, Ford? Barry swings round. SEMI LONG 8HoT From his viewpoint wo eco Teddio scated in an anne chair, Hor attitude is quite casual as she sits with her Ences cresscd, Beside her on a small table is a tray of coffse and sandwiches, She holds a half-caton sandwich in her hand. Near her are sitting and standing two other mon. Ono of thom - woars a tuxodo -- ho ia Edward, the dowagor's private seoretary. Ho has the look of an intollce- tual and is about thirty yoars old, Noxt to him is Mr, Porl, a stocky, poworful man of about fifty. Ho is in full ovening dress,
0) 854) text: We follow the couple across the small hall to the front door, They are intercepted by two footmon, ons. of whom has just left the telephones. The latter says to Barry, as the CAMERA MOVES IN to a CLOSER SHOT: Footman Mr. Tobin would like to speak to rou, sir, before you go. The house telephone is in the cloak room -+ there. Barry “ Tell Mr. Tobin I'll talk to him somo other time He looks at the two formidable men who are standing shoulder to shoulder. Then, in ordar to gain time, he turns away, Teddie with him, and CAMERA FOLLOWING then. As they stand in the middle of the entrance hall, Barry says quietly to Teddio: Barry There must be some way to get out of here. CAMERA FOLLOWS THEM to the rising stops which lead to the dance floor. ‘they look across: 547. 548. 549.
1) 25) text: The CAMERA PICKS UP a footman, who is edging his way round the floor. As he approaches Larry, the CAMERA FINISHES up with TWO BIG Haaps. The footman whispers to him very deferentially: Footman I beg your pardon, sir, but before you go on, I think you might Like to take a look at the curtain on the balcony.
1) 26) text: Through the curtained recess on the balcony beyond we see a hand, and through the slight parting the half face of a mane In the hand a large automatic 1s held and directly pointed at Parry. mg 870-1
1) 44) text: Barry is now following the footman through the crowd, CAMERA AFTER him. They go up the grand staircasy.
1) 46) text: Barry enters the room. He glances around for Teddie. She is not there. Tobin atands in the center, a solitary figure. The footman enters and closes the door. Tobin A very nice apeech you just made, my boy! Spontaneous and charming -- I'm sorry the young lady wasn't ther. to hear it. Mr. Tobin calmly continues to speak over Barry's shoulder to tho footman: AAs. 132
1) 52) text: Standing in the middle of the room, facing them, is Mr- Perl. He is calm and businesslike. Perl You, Kellogg -- you'll be operating the hand-camera. That'll give you a chance to get in close under the WAYS Just before she breaks the bottle, you give the signal. You'd better not be late with that. Harry'1Ll be watching you out of the sound truck. His timing depends on you... (he speaks to the others) Let's go over it once more, and see that everybody has th facts. Who goes first? First Man . coe Ido. I go in with the newarcel truck -- I've got the press pass. Perl Okay, what's next? No one answers. The.four backs fidget a bit. Perl (disgruntled) Come on. Speak up everybody. I want to know you've got it straight. Joe : . I check the ground lines -- make sure they tie in with the sound mixer. hen, if they're okay, T go back with Xelly and wait 'til after the speeches. Perl Right. What about you? Third Man I wait for Kellogg to give tho sign. Perl Right. Joe Who's checking the soup? Perl That's not your worry. That comes from inside. You just watch that button... That's all. Joo I hope it works «- that's all I can SAY ees
1) 156) text: » Elevator arrivea. The elevator man looks out, up and down the corridor, then beckons to Fry and the driver. They move ont into the hall, GAMERA PANNING WITH THEM, as they carry Barry. He is beginning to regain consciousness. He starts » to struggle. They hustle him across the passage towards an office door.
1) 165) text: As it reaches the main floor, Fry starts for one set of doors, but the elevator man stops him. Elevator Man Not that way. They'll be laying for you. He opens the other set of doors on the other side of the elevator. Elevator Man . Better go this way -- down that pussags. Take the first coor on the left. It's the pass door to the back of the . house. Fry And then what? Elevator Man Work your way across to 50th Street. I'll have a car waiting there for you. Pry Okay. The elevator man closes the door and walks across to the elevator and opens the other pair of doors On the opposite side. Ho finds himself Face to face with two policemen. They grab him
1) 177) text: As the police approach, Fry begins to fire. Next to him on the screen a man is firing a gun also. MEDIUM CLOSN SHOT - SECTION cF AUDIENOR A middle-aged man slumps forward in the middle of his laughter. Next to him a woman, who is also laughing, pushes him pleyfully for pretending to be shot. The smile diss away from her face, as she sees blood on her hands. Sho looks about bewildered. MEDIUM LONG SHOT - FROM SIGHT SIDs OF THEATER, SHOOT-
1) 221) text: CAMERA TRAVELS WITH FRY as he follows the arrow. Before him is the ferry landing. There ig u nan in a white seaman's’ cap at the landing, speaking throush a megaphone. Man. (into megaphone ) Take the Bedloes Island Ferry -- a full hour boat excursi ~~ only twenty-five cents -~ one-fourth of a Gollari.. See New York Harbor and the skyline of New York......