0) 479) dialog: His eyes seem to pop out of his head. Midget Crooks! I told youl e@ 334. 335- 556. 337. 338. 72
0) 484) text: MEDIUM SHOT » INSIDE THE CARAVAN'S LAST BUS Everyone is jabbering at once <= the midget is heard above all the others. Midget What are you waiting for? Do you all want to be impli- cated? Call the cops and turn thom over!
0) 492) dialog: He rises and shouts angrily. Midget Jerk, is 1t? Just because I'm on the side of the law! ‘That's a hot one! I know why youtre anxious to help thes Crooks...- (points to Thin Man) Because you're an ex-crook yourself! ie all know how you got to be a thin man! Hunger atriking at Alcatraz!
0) 496) dialog: Midget No vote! I'm against voting! eo 349. 350. 351.
0) 511) dialog: : Midget You know what I think. Hand 'em over and hand 'em over fast, and if you don't....
0) 523) dialog: As the Thin Man and Hsmeralda grab him, clapping their hands over his mouth.’ CAMERA PANS WITH THEN as they convey him to the rear of the bus. Barry, meanwhile, gets down and rolls under one of the bunks, the one occupied by the Siamese twins, who now settle down again. Esmeralda comes back towards the rear of the bus after disposing of the midget. She goss over to Teddis. Esmeralda Get down in that corner, and pretend to be asleep. That goes for all of you. Close your ayes.
0) 543) text: As she follows Esmeralda's example and yawns widely. TWO SHOT - POLICHIIN ~ OUTSIDE Ten BUS First Policeman They're groggy. Let 'em go back to slecp. They don't know nothing. The first policeman slams the door and they retire, satisfied. MEDIUM LONG SHOT ~ INGERIOR oF BUS The Midget tcars himself loors suddenly, aad runs towards the door, shouting. He is stopped suddenly by Barry's arms that appear cut from under the bunk and pull him down. There is a moment of tonge waiting, and then the roar of the starting motorcycles reassures evoryone. Tha caravan jerks into movement. Barry comes out from under the bunk. The Thin Man and the Midget resume their altercation. Midget » and you're to biame for most of it! Thin Man. Nobody's going to jail!