5) 10) dialog: Not yet, not yet, Dan. But I can’t predict the future. The thing is, you‘re not head of ad sales anymore. Carter Duryea is.
5) 12) dialog: Some hotshot from GlobeCom. This is a bummer, Dan. A real bummer. But you’re lucky. A lot of people are getting canned immediately, across the company.
5) 14) dialog: Me? No.
5) 16) dialog: You have to put up with it. I mean, what are you gonna do, start somewhere new? You're not a kid anymore. You know how tough it is out there. Places are cutting back, they’re not looking for guys like you who make a decent salary. Hey, I’m as pissed off about this as you are.
5) 18) dialog: I'm not smiling.
5) 20) dialog: They do that naturally, Dan.
12) 0) text: Enrique is going down the hall, showing Carter around.
12) 1) dialog: This is Morty Wexler. Morty, Carter Duryea.
12) 9) dialog: We have a terrific office for you, great view. But it’s not cleared out yet. Enrique takes Carter into DAN’S OFFICE.
12) 10) dialog: Not bad, hunh? Excuse me a second, I’m just going to use the little boy‘s room. Enrique leaves Carter in Dan’s comfortable office. Carter looks at the view.
13) 0) text: Dan comes back into the office, showered and clean after game. INT. DAN’S OFFICE - DAY Carter is still waiting for Enrique. He is glancing at Da FAMILY PHOTOS, as well as photos of Dan with sports stars etc. when Dan comes in.
13) 22) dialog: Great, you two have met!
13) 25) dialog: Dan, you want this door closed?
25) 1) dialog: Are you smiling? You're smiling at me -- you think this is funny! Enrique emerges from Carter's office.
25) 2) dialog: That A-HOLE. We'll see how soon this place goes down the SHITTER without me! That LITTLE, SNOT-
25) 5) dialog: You enjoying yourselves? Great. As Enrique leaves, Alicia and Theo do a little high-five. INT. CARTER‘S (DAN’S OLD) OFFICE - DAY Having just fired Enrique, Carter sags, leaning his head against the closed door. MUSIC RISES over the following montage. INT. DAN’S NEW OFFICE - DAY Dan puts a copy of the magazine into a Fedex packet to se to EUGENE KALB in Los Angeles, Sammy, Carter’s twenty-something assistant, appears at hi door.