13) 0) text: Jesse opens the door to find BENJI APPLEBAUM hanging a Ti Fighter mobile over his bed. Benji’s a benevolent nerd wh makes Jesse look studly by comparison.
13) 1) dialog: There he is. You must be Jesse. (CONTINUED)
13) 5) dialog: Looking at it now, I can see that it’s a lot. I’11 take it down --
13) 7) dialog: Just so you know. I’m not a total nerd. I also happen to be super into close-up magic. Benji pulls a hamster out of his sleeve.
15) 0) text: ACROSS THE FAIR: Jesse and Benji stride through, stopping the gratuitously rowdy Sigma Beta Theta FRAT booth. Good- looking, bare-chested, beefy GUYS party and chant.
15) 5) dialog: That’s a double negative.
15) 7) dialog: Follow me. There’s only one group on this campus worth joining. NEEDLE DROP: A HEAVY GUITAR LICK kicks in as the camera F over the fair, table after table, finally landing on... THE Barden Treblemakers: A motley crew of eight confident nerds sitting under a tree: DONALD, a cool dude with blac glasses, UNICYCLE, a guy always astride a unicycle, a few other thin, unathletic DWEEBS, and BUMPER, the outspoken ringleader. Jesse and Benji stand nearby. Benji gestures to the guys.
15) 8) dialog: As far as Barden goes, that’s what being a man is all about. Bumper blows an iPhone pitch pipe. The Trebles suddenly r and sing the gayest version of The Dazz Band’s “Let It Wh Amazingly, a HANDFUL OF PRETTY GIRLS gather around to lis
15) 9) dialog: The Treblemakers. The rock stars of a cappella, the messiahs of Barden. Well, you know, not including athletes, frat guys, or actual cool people.
15) 11) dialog: You bet it is. How’s your voice? Jesse joins the Trebles in “Let It Whip.” Benji’s impress
17) 0) text: Benji and Jesse walk towards The Trebles.
17) 1) dialog: I’m going to introduce myself. (covering nervousness) Everybody be cool. It’s just a normal day... (CONTINUED)
17) 4) dialog: Hi. Benjamin Applebaum. He firmly shakes Bumper’s hand.
17) 5) dialog: I saw you guys perform at the “Mall of America” like three years ago. Changed my life. Haven’t stopped thinking about you since.
17) 8) dialog: Bumper, huge fan. Your arrangement of Lovin’ Spoonful’s “Do You Believe in Magic” inspired me to become a certified illusionist. Benji stuffs a red scarf into his fist, and then holds up empty hands. A little piece of the scarf protrudes from Benji’s enormous fake thumb. He fails the trick a couple times. Bumper just stares.
17) 11) dialog: So why don’t we exchange emails or maybe totally hang out right now?
23) 18) dialog: .».. SINCE YOU BEEN GONE! (through applause) Ah, thank you. Performing live gives me such a rush! -- More AUDITIONERS. KOLIO, a cute hispanic guy, sings an sounds exactly like Aaron Neville. It works on him. -- We see QUICK POPS of audition highs and lows until we back on Fat Amy. As she walks off stage, we hear... (CONTINUED)
28) 29) dialog: 
34) 0) text: We PAN OVER an empty swimming pool filled with Barden’s a cappella groups, partying. The Trebles hold court. A crowd of fans have formed around the pool. STUDENTS sca ladders to get into the pool area. Across the pool, Jesse joins Benji.
34) 2) dialog: Yep. I’m ready to tag in.
34) 4) dialog: (sings) I KNOW! Just wanted to hear myself in the sweet spot. Benji climbs out. Aubrey leads the Bellas to their corner To get everyone’s attention, The BU Harmonics make police siren noises. Justin stands next to a huge pinwheel. (CONTINUED)
38) 0) text: Donald's car pulls up. Guys load onto the Trebles “tricke out” bus. Some Trebles, including Jesse, are already insi when Benji jumps on board.
38) 1) dialog: Can I hitch a ride? I'd take my car, but... I don’t have one. The Trebles just stare at Benji. After a beat, Jesse gets and gently escorts Benji off the bus.
38) 3) dialog: Of course. Good luck tonight. Benji walks away. Jesse shakes his head, “Poor guy.” 64.
44) 0) text: Face-painted BARDEN FANS hold signs. Benji’s already ther hoisting a big foam musical note. The entry doors open an the Trebles and Bellas run in, late, and stand in the bac (CONTINUED)
44) 67) dialog: (eyes wet) Happy tears!!
48) 4) dialog: Five minutes, Bellas. The ladies are captivated by Timothy’s performance.
49) 16) dialog: Trebles? Time to bring the pain. The Trebles head for the door, save for Bumper. Beca look at Aubrey and the ladies. There’s a sense that it’s them versus her.
50) 0) text: An upset Beca blows past Benji.
50) 1) dialog: Beca? Benji starts to follow but stops when he notices TIMOTHY being picked up by his mom. Benji clocks the mom’s tote b that reads: MY CHILD IS AN HONOR STUDENT AT JFK HIGH SCHO INT. BECA’S DORM ROOM - LATER 77 Beca, still dressed as a Bella, enters to find a bunch of Koreans playing Wii on Kimmy’s bed. She catches sight of herself in her closet mirror, and ma a decision. She takes out her phone and sends a text, CLO her closet door. The closet door OPENS to REVEAL Beca, now dressed to the nines. Behind her, even more Koreans play animated Wii in middle of her room. Beca ducks around them and out the do
57) 30) dialog: Word.
58) 13) dialog: Deal. Although I’m not so sure what you mean by weird. The dove lands on his shoulder.
58) 14) dialog: Got it.