4) 1) text: GAIL and JOHN, a cappella alums, color-commentate.
4) 4) dialog: John, you're so right that everything else seems wrong. This is what the ICCA’s are all about. The Barden Treblemakers. The guys are crushing
4) 6) dialog: Yes. Nothing makes a girl feel more like a woman than a man who sings like a boy. A TREBLE steps forward to solo the next lyric.
4) 9) dialog: Whoa! /Boom!
6) 10) dialog: John, why do you think it’s taken so long for an all-lady group to break through the glass ceiling of a cappella?
6) 17) dialog: So just how did the Bellas make it to the finals?
6) 23) dialog: Feels like we all just took a left turn into Snoozeville, John.
6) 25) dialog: At this level of competition they’re a little too traditional, don’t you think? No surprise factor.
6) 28) dialog: The wig, John?
44) 21) dialog: You're walking the line, John. What a nice surprise to see them mixing things up. It’s refreshing yet aesthetically displeasing to the eye. Aubrey, at the mic, blows the pitch pipe and counts off. Bellas begins “The Sign” with Chloe stepping forward
44) 38) dialog: All eyes are on Senior Aubrey Posen. Her voice is in rare form but she could blow at any moment.
44) 43) dialog: She held on to her lunch, folks. But there’s a lot of song left... QUICK TO: Back of theatre. Jesse pulls back the curtain a watches Beca. Bumper taps him on the shoulder.
44) 57) dialog: The Barden Bellas went deep into the archive for that song. I remember singing it with my own a capella group twenty -- ten years ago.
44) 59) dialog: The Minstrel Cycles, John.
44) 64) dialog: They sure did, John. I might have to excuse myself to freshen up the downtown. Benji, in the audience, is enthralled. (CONTINUED)
48) 12) dialog: That little peanut can sing!
48) 14) dialog: If you mean his testicles, then yes. Yes I do, John. We all do. The Barden Bellas are up next. As the Bellas takes the stage, ANGLE ON: Beca, looking ou into the audience. The ladies begin “The Sign.”
48) 21) dialog: Whoa. /Boom!
48) 22) dialog: This. Is. Different. Beca’s “mash-up” revitalizes the audience. The judges lea forward. ANGLE ON: Luke, impressed. It’s awesome, until flustered, Aubrey flubs up a little choreography. (CONTINUED)
48) 26) dialog: So true, John. But a misstep here can haunt you for the rest of your life and affect your children.
55) 0) text: Timothy, from The Footnotes, enters. His jaw drops. From TIMOTHY'S POV: Gail, looking authoritative, sits next to Timothy’s mother. CLOSE ON: Timothy. Oh, shit.
63) 3) dialog: John. If being correct was a crime, I’d visit you on death row.
66) 26) dialog: 
66) 31) dialog: Whoa! /Boom! Then, Lilly busts out some hard-core beatboxing skills and the crowd cheers! “new” sound, adds a killer bass. Chloe, with her The ladies perform a “mash-up” of songs we’ve heard throughout the movie with a few new ones scattered in. We CUT TO Gail and John, krump-dancing. The Bellas breathlessly hits their final pose. ANGLE ON: The audience on their feet, cheering! Aubrey winks at Uni. out Cynthia Rose’s outstretched hand. take it all in. Jesse. KISSES her! More applause!