4) 1) text: GAIL and JOHN, a cappella alums, color-commentate.
4) 3) dialog: This is exactly the type of performance you would expect to see at “The International Championship of Collegiate A Cappella.” Isn’t that right, Gail?
4) 5) dialog: The Barden University Treblemakers never disappoint. It is their showbotage that is re-defining modern a cappella. And the ladies, well, they just can’t get enough.
4) 9) dialog: Whoa! /Boom!
4) 10) dialog: That was flatter than my ex-wife’s chest. The Asian one. [get alts]
6) 1) dialog: With a couple of shaky notes in there, it’s anybody’s game now. Next up, BU’s other group, The Barden Bellas. BACKSTAGE: The Trebles brush past the Bellas. BUMPER, the Trebles outspoken ringleader, stops to address them. (CONTINUED)
6) 9) dialog: The Bellas. Making history as the first all-female group to ever advance to the ICCA finals.
6) 11) dialog: Well, women typically can’t hit the low notes that round out a musical arrangement and that limits them. They’re about as good at a cappella as they are at being doctors. ON STAGE: Alice blows the pitch pipe. It’s red with a lar cursive “B” on it. (CONTINUED)
6) 18) dialog: Hard work, Gail. When it comes to the technical aspects of the performance, they never falter. Plus they are very good looking.
6) 24) dialog: And parked in a lot where they do not validate.
6) 26) dialog: Yes. It’s like after nine years of marriage knowing exactly what my Orthodox Jewish wife will be wearing to bed. (CONTINUED)
6) 29) dialog: And the wool skirt. John and Gail wince. Aubrey steps up to solo.
43) 1) dialog: The 2012 Southeastern Regional competition is officially underway. 70A.
44) 4) dialog: The Sockapellas, proving that it doesn’t “get better” for everyone after high school. The Bellas wait in the back of the theatre, watching the Sockapellas.
44) 20) dialog: Wow. This does not look like the fresh-faced and nubile Bellas we know.
44) 25) dialog: Well this recruiting free-for-all has got to be a direct result of “Vomitgate” from last year.
44) 53) dialog: If I close my eyes and imagine them as what they used to look like, I'd say they’re doing an okay job. (CONTINUED)
44) 58) dialog: And what was the group you performed with, Gail?
44) 63) dialog: The bad boys of a cappella just got a little badder.
48) 13) dialog: He sure can. Sounds like his boys haven't dropped, if you know what I mean.
48) 18) dialog: And in true Bella style the ladies are sticking with what they know.
48) 21) dialog: Whoa. /Boom!
48) 25) dialog: You know, it’s so important at these competitions to remember that it’s just a friendly collegiate contest and we’re all just out here to have fun.
63) 2) dialog: If you cut through all the “aca” politics, the finals at Lincoln Center is a beautiful thing. Isn't that right, Gail?
66) 1) dialog: The Bellas are putting on a short skirt and asking for it tonight. ANGLE ON: The Trebles, sitting in the front row of the audience. Jesse feigns disinterest by looking at his playbill. ON STAGE: Beca blows the pitch pipe.
66) 28) dialog: Well, Gail. Looks like Divisi’s keeping the house turned down low for their final number. John, if right was sick, you'd be in the ICU, with dozens of tubes keeping you alive.
66) 31) dialog: Whoa! /Boom! Then, Lilly busts out some hard-core beatboxing skills and the crowd cheers! “new” sound, adds a killer bass. Chloe, with her The ladies perform a “mash-up” of songs we’ve heard throughout the movie with a few new ones scattered in. We CUT TO Gail and John, krump-dancing. The Bellas breathlessly hits their final pose. ANGLE ON: The audience on their feet, cheering! Aubrey winks at Uni. out Cynthia Rose’s outstretched hand. take it all in. Jesse. KISSES her! More applause!