0) 0) text: A well worn teddy-bear is cradled in the arms of Napoleon age 4, who dreamily sucks his thumb, listening to a bedti story told by his young mother, Letizia. His 5-year old brother, Joseph, is already asleep, beside him.
0) 2) dialog: My mother has always loved me. She would do anything for me.
1) 0) text: It is still dark on a freezing winter morning. The boys a being awakened by a monk, loudly ringing a bell. Candles lit. Napoleon, age 9, sun-tanned, leaps out of bed, rubbing hi arms and shivering. He tries to pour a pitcher of water, discovering that it has frozen solid.
1) 1) dialog: Who has been putting glass in my pitcher? Look here, someone has filled my pitcher with glass!
2) 0) text: A lovely, late-summer afternoon. A small group of boys, i their school uniforms, are impatiently gathered around a rough table, covered with stacks of thick bread and jam a tin mugs of milk. The farmer's wife supervises things, collecting a sou from each boy. Napoleon, 9, stands apart from the group, drinking his mi a book under his arm, lost in thought, gazing across the cornfield at the school buildings, which are beautifully colored by the late sunlight.
2) 5) dialog: (quietly) Fuck off, Bremond.
2) 7) dialog: Fuck off! At this moment, Dufour gives him a violent bump from behi spilling milk all over his uniform and splattering the bo
3) 0) text: Napoleon, age 16, being fitted for his smart, 2nd Lieutenant's uniform, studies himself in the full-length mirror.
3) 2) text: Artillery firing range. A hot summer morning. Napoleon is part of a group of young officers loading and firing a cannon.
4) 0) text: A calm, winter day, snow on the ground. Napoleon and grou go through the ordered drill of loading and firing a musk Their targets are painted figures of soldiers.
5) 0) text: The edge of a wood near Valence. A windy, spring day. Napoleon and nine other young officers are gathered aroun leathery-looking Captain with steel spectacles, who is instructing them in the art of map reading. The map, abou four feet wide, is flapping noisily in the heavy gusts of wind, despite the four pairs of knees and hands strugglin hold it flat against the ground.
6) 0) text: Napoleon's room at Valence. It is filled with books, most of military subjects, but well-stocked with poetry, histo and philosophy. He is reading by candlelight. Outside we hear the sounds of revelry produced by less conscientious officers.
6) 2) dialog: Life is a burden for me. Nothing gives me any pleasure; I find only sadness in everything around me. (MORE )
6) 3) text: NAPOLEON (V.O.) (cont'd) It is very difficult because the ways of those with whom I live, and probably always shall live, are as different from mine as moonlight is from sunlight.
7) 0) text: Napoleon, 17, the youngest of a group of a dozen officers are seated around a table in the local inn, drinking and singing songs.
8) 0) text: It is a hazy, summer dawn. Napoleon, 17, and Caroline Columbier, a lovely young girl of 15, walk together in a forest. They occasionally stop to pick cherries. It is a scene of pre-Raphaelite innocence and beauty -- the young officer, smartly uniformed, the innocent girl in a flowin white dress.
8) 2) dialog: It will scarcely be considered credible, perhaps, but our whole business consisted in eating cherries together.
9) 0) text: It is a witheringly cold winter night, in Lyon. People, bundled up to the eyes, hurry along the almost deserted street, past empty cafes which are still open. Napoleon, hands deep in his pockets, shoulders hunched against the cold, passes a charming, young street-walker, about his own age. He stops and looks at her, uncertainly A large snowflake lands on her nose which makes him smile
9) 2) dialog: Good evening, Mademoiselle. She is sweet.
9) 4) dialog: Yes, it is. It must be one of the worst nights we have had this winter.
9) 6) dialog: You must be chilled to the bone, standing out of doors like this.
9) 8) dialog: Then what brings you out on such a night?
9) 10) dialog: Oh, I see... That must be a great burden.
9) 12) dialog: No, I'm only here on leave. My regiment is at Valence.
9) 14) dialog: No... I have a... room... at the Hotel de Perrin.
9) 18) dialog: Uh-hh... yes, of course -- if you would like to go... there... but... I have very little money.
10) 0) text: Napoleon's cheap hotel room is only slightly warmer than street. A candle flickers in the draft, and the driving s forms a lovely vignettes on the window panes. Napoleon sits fully dressed, still wrapped in his coat, scarf, gloves and hat, watching the girl hurriedly undressing, shivering, teeth chattering, and diving into ice-cold bed.
10) 2) dialog: Oh, I'm sorry about that. The girl shivers and waits for him to follow her into bed doesn't move.
10) 3) dialog: What's your name?
10) 5) dialog: Only Lisette?
10) 7) dialog: That's a very nice name. Where are you from?
10) 9) dialog: Oh, yes... of course. He stands and blows out the candle.
11) 5) dialog: Contrary to what you have been telling these good people, Monsieur Varlac, France is still in the hands of its proper authorities, and they have sent me here with a warrant for your arrest. You are charged with the murder of Monseigneur de Bouchy and his son, and the burning of his chateau. Varlac whispers to several of the men standing around him One of them disagrees and forcefully shakes his head.
11) 7) dialog: (speaking for the crowd) You may save your philosophy for the magistrate, Monsieur Varlac. I am only a simple officer in the army, and to me what you have done is called murder, and his always been called murder by honest men.
11) 9) dialog: No, Monsieur Varlac, my warrant is only for you. Now, will you please come down at once. You will be taken back to Chalon for trial. Varlac and his committee talk in agitated whispers. 10.
11) 11) dialog: Monsieur Varlac, do not pretend to speak for these good people whom you have misled and inflamed with violent speech. Now, I order you to come down from the cart. Another whispered conference.
11) 14) dialog: (drawing his pistol) Monsieur Varlac, I will count slowly to five, and if you have not begun to get down from the cart by then, I will carry out your execution, on the spot. Without giving Varlac time for further discussion, he beg the count.
11) 15) dialog: One... Two... Three... Several of the committee move away from Varlac.
11) 16) dialog: Four... This is your last chance, Monsieur Varlac. Varlac is frightened, but make an obscene gesture. The cr laughs nervously.
11) 17) dialog: Five... Napoleon rides up to the cart, carefully aims his revolve and shoots Varlac in the head. His entourage leaps to safety. 11. A gasp of astonishment from the stunned crowd, who stand hypnotized.
11) 18) dialog: A confessed murderer has just been shot. Now, let all honest men return to their homes. FADE OUT.
12) 1) dialog: Incredible... Incredible... How could he let that rabble into the Palace? If he had ridden out among them on a white horse, they would all have gone home. If he lacked the courage to do that, a whiff of grapeshot -- and they would still be running.
15) 0) text: A smart French honor guard and military band is assembled outside General Carteaux's headquarters for the arrival o Paul Barras, Deputy from the Committee of Public Safety. Barras exits his carriage, accompanied by four foppish ai and embraces General Carteaux. Barras is a virile, handsome, bisexual man with elegant manners of the Ancien Regime. Napoleon is an onlooker with other officers.
16) 0) text: A large table has been set up in the middle of the tent, which are seated Paul Barras, his four civilian aides and generals. Set up at one end of the table is a large military map of Toulon, pinned to a board. Standing back from the table, and ranging along the walls the tent, are 30 junior officers, the staff and aides of generals seated. Napoleon, now a captain of artillery, is with that group. Barras slowly squares up a stack of reports before him an speaks.
16) 5) dialog: Excuse me, Citizen Barras. All eyes go to Napoleon.
16) 7) dialog: I did, sir. Napoleon speaks with the uncomfortable yet determined man that shy but willful people often exhibit.
16) 9) dialog: (clearing his throat) Yes, with all due respect, I do Citizen Barras.
16) 11) dialog: May I come to the map?
17) 0) text: A cold December day. The French tricolor is being raised atop the main battery position on Fort Eguillette, a flat area atop a hill, fortified with planks of wood and wickerwork. French gunners have already swung a few pieces of artille to face the harbor and fire on the English ships, now wel within range. Napoleon wheels around on a white horse, shouting orders bloody bandage wrapped around his thigh. The wounded of b sides are being cared for.
18) 0) text: A fine, winter day in a field near the military barracks Toulon. Several hundred troops have been drawn up to form honor guard for the presentation of Napoleon's commission Brigadier General. Spectators stand under the bare trees, and little boys watch from atop an embankment. Barras presents Napoleon with his commission and a frater embrace. The band strikes up. Napoleon's mother watches from a small wooden reviewing s which has been prepared for local dignitaries and officer
20) 0) text: A large, elegant salon in the house of Paul Barras, in Pa There are ten card tables set up in the room, around whic are gathered the elite of the new society; 16. politicians, immensely rich war contractors, high ranking army officers and government officials. Many of the women are extremely beautiful, and display th breast completely uncovered, in the fashion of the day. Napoleon is one of the few guests not playing cards; he h no money. I11 at ease, he drifts from table to table, han clasped behind his back. Josephine de Beauharnais is the most beautiful of all the women in the room. Napoleon settles at her table, rocking slowly on his heels. She plays for very high stakes and i losing gracefully. She glances up, distracted momentarily his rocking, but her look lasts no longer than the flick card. But Napoleon notices her annoyance and moves off to the b at one end of the room. The bartender, a friendly creep, stands alone.
20) 2) dialog: A glass of champagne, please.
20) 4) dialog: Yes, I am.
20) 6) dialog: (starting to move away) Oh -- where do you come from?
20) 8) dialog: Ajaccio.
20) 10) dialog: I haven't been there for three years.
20) 12) dialog: No, they're living in Nice now.
20) 14) dialog: Yes, as a matter of fact, it is.
20) 16) dialog: Ah-hh, no.
20) 19) dialog: (uncomfortably) I see... The Corsican whispers without any facial expression, hard moving his lips, without any sense of malice, but more wi kind of shrewd respect for the big-shots, and a satisfact of being in on the know. 18.
21) 0) text: Later in the evening, the guests are now assembled in cha grouped in a semi-circle around two raised rostrums -- on really more of a small stage. The smaller rostrum support string quartet playing Mozart. The larger one is empty. Napoleon sits at the back of the room, still alone and awkward. Servants snuff out the candles, leaving only the empty st illuminated. It begins to look like a musical evening until the entran onto the stage of three very attractive girls, dressed in heavy winter costumes. The three "actresses" begin to talk about being snowbound a desolate cabin, when their conversation is interrupted the entrance of three young desperados. 19. The purpose of this entertainment quickly reveals itself the young men proceed to strip off the girls' clothing an have intercourse with them. The distinguished audience sits coolly appreciative of th "sextet." Napoleon, still the provincial, can scarcely believe his eyes. Josephine, seated next to Barras, watches the proceedings imperturbable study of elegance and charm. Barras takes h hand and smiles at her. She whispers something to him and nods, gravely.
23) 0) text: It is the same evening. Napoleon, Junot and Marmont stand a crowd, listening to a Royalist speaker, who stands atop wagon, against a carefully painted sign, illuminated by torches, reading "Long Live the King." 20.
24) 0) text: Barras' office in the Tuileries. The room is lit by candl Barras is in a terrible state, ashen from fear and lack o sleep. Napoleon enters. Barras rises from his desk and comes forward to greet him.
24) 2) dialog: I'm sorry, I was at the theater and I didn't receive your note until I returned to my hotel.
24) 4) dialog: No, thank you. Barras shakily pours a large brandy for himself, speaking subdued and apprehensive tones, frequently running his ha through his hair.
24) 6) dialog: Things are quite serious, I should say.
24) 8) dialog: What do you have in mind?
24) 10) dialog: Are you serious?
24) 12) dialog: What forces do you have at your disposal?
24) 14) dialog: Cavalry?
24) 16) dialog: Any cannon?
24) 18) dialog: Where are they?
24) 20) dialog: You could have them here by daybreak. 22.
24) 22) dialog: Properly arranged, yes.
24) 24) dialog: The numbers are not particularly relevant. You are not up against soldiers -- this is a mob, and they will run as soon as things become sufficiently unpleasant.
24) 26) dialog: Are you proposing to transfer command to me?
24) 28) dialog: Fair enough.
24) 30) dialog: I'm not insulted.
24) 32) dialog: (smiling) Our lives, the revolution, my career? 23.
24) 34) dialog: Paul, everything will be all right.
25) 0) text: Dreamlike, slow-motion shots of the cannon firing point b into the mob on the Rue St. Honore, outside the Conventio They are devastated and there is immediate panic. Murat's cavalry charges them, and the infantry follows wi fixed bayonets. There is no sound of the guns. The only sound is Napoleon's calm voice:
25) 1) dialog: I ordered the artillery to fire ball immediately, instead of blanks, because, to a mob, who are ignorant of fire arms, it is the worst possible policy to start out firing blanks. When they first hear the terrific noise of the guns, they are frightened, but, looking around them and seeing no effect from the cannon, they pick up their spirits, become twice as insolent and rush on fearlessly. It becomes necessary then to kill ten times their number to make an impression.
26) 0) text: Napoleon's new plush headquarters in Paris. Pencil betwee his teeth, dividers in one hand, he creeps around on hand and knees on top of a very large map of Italy, laid out f wall to wall. Other large maps cover the table, the couch and any other available space. 24. Murat, Marmont, Junot and Berthier creep around with him, working out various march routes. Appropriate ad lib dialogue will cover the action. At one point, Napoleon and Berthier bump heads.
26) 6) dialog: (without looking up) What did you say his name was?
26) 8) dialog: Is he alone?
26) 10) dialog: Show him in. The orderly shows Eugene into the room.
26) 12) dialog: (after some silence) Good morning, Citizen de Beauharnais.
26) 14) dialog: I am, Citizen. Is your mother Madame Josephine de Beauharnais?
26) 16) dialog: I have met her. What is your business with me?
26) 18) dialog: That is correct.
26) 20) dialog: (marking the map) A sword is a weapon whatever else you might wish to use it for.
26) 22) dialog: And he sent you to me?
26) 24) dialog: Does your mother know you have come?
26) 26) dialog: Well, then, you have a lot of initiative, my young friend.
26) 28) dialog: You realize, of course, that thousands of swords have been collected. How do you expect me to find yours? Eugene removes a slip of paper from his pocket.
26) 32) dialog: (bowing) Madame de Beauharnais. 27.
26) 34) dialog: Thank you, Madame de Beauharnais. You probably don't recall but we met briefly a few months ago, at a party at Paul's house.
26) 36) dialog: Yes, we introduced ourselves at the door.
26) 38) dialog: Oh, I don't want to put you to any inconvenience.
26) 40) dialog: You are very kind, Madame de Beauharnais. Do you have some sherry, perhaps?
26) 43) dialog: Yes, of course. Hortense exits.
26) 44) dialog: I hope you will forgive me for barging in on you like this, Madame de Beauharnais. (MORE )
26) 45) text: NAPOLEON (cont'd) I called to bring this to your son, but I understand from your charming daughter that he is out for the afternoon.
26) 47) dialog: Well, I'm sure that you will be just as pleased to have this as he will be. Holding out the package.
26) 49) dialog: Your late husband's sword, Madame, returned with my compliments. The paper starts to blow away and Napoleon steps on it. Josephine stares at the sword, blankly.
26) 51) dialog: No, I'm afraid I never had the pleasure of meeting the General. This sword was taken several days ago from your son by some of my soldiers.
27) 0) text: The candlelit, oval bedroom is completely encircled with floor-to-ceiling mirrored panels, which multiply the erot images of Napoleon and Josephine, making love. Napoleon's voice, reading the letter below, is heard over scene.
27) 1) dialog: My dearest Josephine -- I awaken full of you. Between your portrait and the memory of our intoxicating night, my senses have had no respite. Sweet and incomparable Josephine, what is this bizarre effect you have upon my heart? What if you were to by angry? What if I were to see you sad or troubled? Then my soul would be shattered by distress. Then your lover could find no peace, no rest. But I find none, either, when I succumb to the profound emotion that overwhelms me, when I draw up from your lips, from your heart, a flame that consumes me. You will be leaving the city at noon. But I shall see you in three hours. Until then, mio dolce amor, I send you a thousand kisses -- but send me none in return, for they set my blood on fire.
28) 0) text: The marriage of Napoleon and Josephine -- a small private civil ceremony in the Mayor's officer. The only guests ar Barras, Eugene, Hortense, Marmont and Junot.
29) 1) dialog: Mama, I'm sorry that I didn't write to you about this, but I thought that it would be much better to tell you myself. Tap, tap, tap.
29) 2) dialog: Mama, I know that when you meet her, you will love her as much as I do. Tap, tap, tap.
29) 4) dialog: My dearest Josephine, every moment increases the distance between us, and with every moment that passes I feel myself less able to endure the separation. (MORE )
29) 5) text: NAPOLEON (V.O.) (cont'd) You are the eternal object of my thoughts, and my imagination exhausts itself wondering what you are doing.
30) 0) text: Napoleon, seated at a table in his HQ tent late at night writing a letter by candlelight.
31) 0) text: It is a bright, sunny morning in Josephine's bedroom at R de Chanterine. There is a letter from Napoleon leaning against the teapot on her breakfast tray. She picks up th envelope, sees who it is from, puts it down, pours her te adds milk and sugar, stirs it carefully, sighs, looks out at the tall trees rustling in the breeze, then idly picks the letter and opens it.
31) 1) text: A close shot of Napoleon's hand, writing on his official stationary which has printed, under a large illustration symbolizing liberty and equality, "Headquarters of the Commander in Chief, Army of Italy."
33) 0) text: Napoleon lying awake in the early hours of the morning, i his camp bed.
35) 0) text: Napoleon standing at a camp fire in the rain, staring vacantly into the flames.
37) 1) dialog: Soldiers, you are half-naked and badly clothed. The authorities find much fault with you and yet can give nothing. Your patience, your courage are admirable but you are not getting any fame. I will lead you into the must fruitful plains in the world -- rich provinces and great cities shall be your possessions, and then you will have wealth, honor and fame in full measure.
45) 0) text: Napoleon, on a horse, surrounded by his aides, studying a large map. FADE OUT.
46) 1) dialog: There is no man more cautious than I am when planning a campaign. I exaggerate all the dangers, and all the disasters that might occur. I look quite serene to my staff, but I am like a woman in labor. Once I have made up my mind, everything is forgotten, except what leads to success. A cloud of sharp-shooters, some mounted, some on foot, advance to harass the enemy, escaping from his superior numbers, by their mobility, and from his cannon by their dispersal. Napoleon studies this exchange of fire to better understa the enemy's position. Surrounded by his entourage, he is a wooded platform constructed in the top branches of a la tree, overlooking the battlefield.
46) 2) dialog: The art of war is a simple art. Everything is in the execution. There is nothing vague in it. It is all common sense. Theory does not enter into it. The simplest moves are always the best. 38. When the French skirmishers finally reveal a chink in the enemy position, it becomes a focal point for the main eff Horse artillery are sent forward, on the gallop, to open with canister at close range. The main attacking force of infantry are then sent forwar moving up in columns and lines. The cavalry trots beside them, in the gaps, to make their presence felt where it will be best used. Drummers and bands fill the air with stirring music. Officers march smartly alongside their men. The precision of these attacking maneuvers is very import because the sight of the slow moving, perfectly aligned m of infantry is more frightening and discouraging to the defender than a wild bayonet charge. When the two main forces are about 100 yards apart, the Commanding Officer in the field starts the chant "Hymn to Victory" and places his hat, with its large tricolored cockade, on the point of his sword so that is can be seen all of his troops. When the distance narrows to about 50 yards, the defendin Austrians fire their first volleys -- first row, second r third row. The French fall everywhere, but the remainder fill in the formation and keep moving in regular step. This is the crucial point of the battle. The defenders no have to decide whether they are going to run or face the attackers' volley and subsequent bayonet charge. There is time for the defenders to reload. Now the French are 20 yards away and still hold their fir trained to do this because their psychological advantage lost once they have discharged their muskets. They want t defenders to break and run. Now panic has begun to set in and to dislodge the defendi Austrian troops. They start to give way. The French relentlessly move forward. The Austrian movements at the rear become a stampede. The officers signal with their swords, and the drummers b the charge. The sky rings with a thousand battle cries. 39. The cavalry dashes forward and hacks down the fleeing Austrian infantry, who are virtually helpless against the cavalry out in the open. The French have won the day, and their infantry fires the first volley at the backs of the fleeing Austrian troops.
47) 0) text: The triumphal entrance of the French army into Milan. Wil enthusiastic crowds, floral arches, tricolors everywhere, glittering military bands, flags, columns upon columns of French troops, the smart clattering of the cavalry. Napoleon, on horseback, flanked by his staff and aides, h eyes shining, his expression transfixed, as if in a mysti reverie.
47) 2) dialog: From that moment on, I foresaw what I might be. Already I felt the earth flee beneath me, as if I were being carried away up to the sky.
48) 0) text: Napoleon and Josephine are making love. Sunlight falling their bodies.
49) 0) text: The orderly announces Captain Hippolyte Charles. He is handsome, short and slight, very much in stature like Napoleon, and has a hairdresser's elegance. His behavior is absolutely correct during this interview, one could never infer any guilt on his part.
49) 1) dialog: Come in, Captain Charles. Charles approaches the table and salutes smartly.
49) 2) dialog: I believe you are acquainted with my brother, Joseph Bonaparte, and my aide, Major Junot.
49) 4) dialog: Captain Charles, I believe you are one of General Le Clerc's aides-de- camp.
49) 6) dialog: Was it he who assigned you to command the escort which accompanied Madame Bonaparte's coach?
49) 8) dialog: Was the trip normal in every respect?
49) 10) dialog: Did any difficulties of any kind arise during the trip?
49) 12) dialog: Then, you have my thanks, Captain Charles, for safely escorting Madame Bonaparte to Milan, and you may consider your assignment completed.
49) 14) dialog: You will return to Paris tomorrow and you will carry my compliments and thanks to General Le Clerc for assigning such an excellent officer to carry out a responsibility which has meant so much to myself and to Madame Bonaparte.
49) 16) dialog: You may go, Captain Charles. Charles salutes and leaves. Napoleon sits and stares at h desk for several seconds, then he produces a letter from pocket and hands it to Joseph.
49) 17) dialog: I would like both of you to read this. Please read it aloud.
49) 19) dialog: Naturally, one does not take much stock in such a piece of filth but, on the other hand, it is not the sort of thing one can simply ignore. What do you think, Joseph?
49) 21) dialog: Junot?
49) 23) dialog: I am afraid, then, I have to ask you both, Joseph as my brother, and Junot as my good friend, whether or not you know anything about this, or whether you saw anything at all during the trip which might make you suspect some truth to it. Joseph thinks for a moment and slowly shakes his head.
49) 25) dialog: Not even the slightest hint of something?
49) 27) dialog: You would tell me, Joseph, wouldn't you?
49) 29) dialog: And you, Junot? 43.
49) 31) dialog: Well, thank you both. As I said, I shall regard this as a piece of malevolence from someone who does not wish well to myself or Josephine. Naturally, I shall trust to your discretion to say nothing about this. FADE OUT.
50) 0) text: Napoleon, Eugene, Junot, Marmont and Murat, accompanied b large party of scientists, stand before the Sphinx.
51) 0) text: Napoleon and the scientists inspect a mummy, brought out the sunlight, after thousands of years. A mood of somber reflection pervades the scene.
51) 2) text: NARRATOR (cont'd) Napoleon took along a hundred and fifty distinguished scientists, intellectuals and artists equipped with libraries and scientific instruments. They would found the Institute of Egypt, do the preliminary survey work for the Suez canal, and unlock the key to hieroglyphic writing.
53) 0) text: We are inside of a French division square, defending itse against an attack of mameluke cavalry. Each side of the square is formed of three ranks of men, and artillery is placed at the corners. The inside of the square is about the size of a football field, and is virtually empty, except for a small group o officers surrounding Napoleon, and a fairly large group o terrified scientists and intellectuals, dressed in heavy European clothes, mounted on donkeys and camels, and carr umbrellas. Outside the square, the shrieking mamelukes recklessly charge, and are slaughtered by the disciplined and accura wall of French muskets. The scene will be shot only from inside the square, and f this vantage point, all we can see, over the heads of the defending French troops and clouds of dust, are the tops the mamelukes. Napoleon, pleased with the way things are going, rides ov to the groups of scientists, to cheer them up. He has to shout to be heard.
53) 1) dialog: (shouting) Good afternoon, gentlemen. I hope you are enjoying this unusual spectacle. One cannot see this in Paris for any price. They are too frightened to be amused. 45.
53) 3) dialog: We are doing very well, my dear Monge. The mameluke cavalry are brave but they are selling their lives at a bad price -- at a rate, I should say, of 50-1. My only fear is that Murad Bey has some means of communicating with his men, and that he will manage to call them off before we can kill a great many more. The artist, Denon, one of the stronger souls among the gr has been busy making sketches of the fighting. Napoleon r over to him and looks down at the drawing.
53) 4) dialog: Those are excellent sketches, Denon. May I have them when you are finished?
54) 0) text: The captured mansion of Murad Bey, leader of the mameluke French-Arabian orgy -- quiet, cool, soft music, occasiona male voice, low female laugh; Murat, Marmont, Berthier, Monge. Not Napoleon.
55) 0) text: But Napoleon is at work. He has taken over a large room, grouped several tables into an L-shape, and has made it i an office. He is seated before the usual 2-foot-high stac of dispatches, letters, memorandums and reports, which fo him everywhere. We hear the continuation of the music fro the previous scene. Napoleon, in an angry and irritable mood, is dictating to Bourrienne.
55) 1) dialog: (dictating) Must you, too, take this opportunity during my absence to indulge the petty jealousies of the Bonaparte family? Must you... There is a knock at the door. 46.
55) 2) dialog: Come in! Junot enters, extremely drunk.
55) 4) dialog: Yes, yes, please sit down. I will be with you in a moment. Junot staggers over to a couch and sits down heavily. Napoleon's glance lingers disapprovingly.
55) 5) dialog: (to Bourrienne) Read it back.
55) 7) dialog: (quietly) Oh, shit, that's not right. He runs his hand through his hair.
55) 8) dialog: Leave us alone, Bourrienne, and come back in half an hour. Bourrienne exits.
55) 9) dialog: God damn it, Junot, wouldn't you think I have enough things on my mind not to waste time on a letter like this to Joseph?
55) 11) dialog: Yes, I'm sure he's been too busy chasing his whores to be bothered about my wife. Junot sits, breathing loudly.
55) 12) dialog: Well, anyway, sorry to call you away from the festivities, but where is the breakdown on serviceable vehicles? I asked for it yesterday.
55) 14) dialog: Why did you give it to him?
55) 16) dialog: Well, he didn't give it to me, and when I ask you to do something for me, return the work to me, not to Berthier.
55) 18) dialog: I must have the breakdown now. Where is Berthier?
55) 20) dialog: All right, thank you. Please ask him to come here. Junot pauses and then speaks with exaggerated importance earnestness brought on by too much drink.
55) 22) dialog: Certainly.
55) 24) dialog: Why not?
55) 26) dialog: What are you talking about?
55) 28) dialog: That's all you can say? What are you talking about?
55) 30) dialog: Now, just a minute. You have just very clearly implied that there is a reason why Joseph should not give my wife the money which I left for her. I can't possibly allow a remark like that to go without explanation.
55) 32) dialog: Look, Junot, you aren't going to leave this room until you explain yourself.
55) 34) dialog: You mean about my wife?! You mean there are some things better left unsaid about Josephine?! Suddenly, Junot buries his head in his hands.
55) 35) dialog: What the hell is the matter with you?
55) 37) dialog: Well, whatever the hell you wanted to do, you are going to tell me everything right now. Do you understand?!
55) 39) dialog: Yes.
55) 41) dialog: What?
55) 43) dialog: You wrote it.
55) 45) dialog: You couldn't face telling me what?
55) 47) dialog: What was there to tell?
55) 49) dialog: Do you know what you're saying?
55) 51) dialog: How do you know?
55) 53) dialog: How do you know? Junot pulls himself together and speaks in an unnaturally controlled and somewhat mechanical way.
55) 55) dialog: Yes? Junot searches for a better way to say it but doesn't com with anything.
55) 57) dialog: You could hear them?
55) 59) dialog: You mean you heard them making love? 51.
55) 61) dialog: How did you know it was Captain Charles?
55) 63) dialog: Can you give me a drink, please?
55) 66) dialog: And was it so widely known that Joseph had reason for such concern?
55) 69) dialog: Come back in an hour. 52.
55) 71) dialog: Come in. Bourrienne enters.
55) 73) dialog: Let me see it. He opens the envelope, reads it and tosses the note on th table.
55) 74) dialog: (flatly) Nelson has engaged Brueys off Aboukir. Brueys is dead and we have lost eleven ships.
56) 0) text: Wildly cheering crowds, flags, military band -- Napoleon rides in an open carriage, waving. He is followed by two other carriages, containing the small entourage, brought from Egypt. A beautiful floral Arc de Triomphe decorates end of the street.
57) 0) text: A large room in Luxembourg Palace. Napoleon is seated bef the five Directors, Barras, Sieyes, Moulins, Gohier and R Ducos, who are dressed in their pompous official costumes with three-foot hats and feathered plumes. Present also a Talleyrand, Fouche, Joseph, Lucien and several dozen important officials.
57) 1) dialog: Nelson's victory at Aboukir quite effectively finished the strategic purpose of the campaign, and with the loss of all our principal fighting ships, the army was marooned in Egypt, and our communications with the continent were severed. The only options remaining to me were to develop the occupation of Egypt, to maintain the morale of my army, and to respond to the threats being created by the English and, very soon, the Turks. This was accomplished, culminating in my final victory against the Turks, when they attempted a landing at Aboukir.
57) 3) dialog: Citizen Gohier, my army was not abandoned -- it was left in a very strong position, and in the capable hands of General Kleber.
57) 5) dialog: After the defeat of the Turks, a negotiation to arrange the exchange of prisoners took place aboard Sir Sidney Smith's flagship. At the end of the first meeting, Sir Sidney gave my chief negotiator, General Marmont, several German newspapers, of a fairly recent date. Pause.
57) 6) dialog: Now, you must bear in mind that for more than a year I had received no news at all from Europe, not a newspaper or a single mail packet. Perhaps you can imagine my state of mind when I read of the serious defeats that had been inflicted upon France during my absence: the loss of Italy, the Anglo-Russian army's occupation of Holland, the imminent invasion of France herself. After several days of deliberation, it seemed clear to me that it was my duty to risk the English blockade and, with a few small ships, attempt to return, to serve my country in any way that might be possible. Narration starts over Napoleon's dialogue which fades und
58) 0) text: Napoleon and Joseph driving through the park.
58) 1) dialog: The important thing is to find the right lawyer. One who will not protract the thing indefinitely, in the courts.
58) 3) dialog: I know of no better time.
58) 5) dialog: The comedy of my marriage is sufficiently well known already.
58) 7) dialog: It is time to clarify the situation. Everything is over between us.
58) 9) dialog: My mind is made up. She will not set foot in my house again. I think if I saw her again, I might be tempted to strangle her. 56. Joseph sighs and tries to think of another line of approa
58) 11) dialog: Are you trying to insult me?
58) 13) dialog: Well, you shall see.
58) 15) dialog: I have no idea. Her maid said she left two days ago, to meet me -- I can imagine where she is. But when she finally does come home, she will find her things in the street and my door locked.
58) 17) dialog: My dear Joseph, the only thing that is clear is that my wife is a slut - - and while a man may want a slut for his mistress, he does not want her for his wife.
59) 0) text: Napoleon and Josephine in bed. The mood is post-coital depression for Napoleon; submission and apprehension for Josephine. There is a long silence before any one speaks.
59) 1) dialog: Were you in love with him?
59) 3) dialog: And now? Pause. 57.
59) 5) dialog: Do you expect me to believe that?
59) 8) dialog: No.
59) 10) dialog: Of course.
59) 12) dialog: No.
59) 14) dialog: Yes.
59) 16) dialog: One had better legs.
59) 18) dialog: Yes. They were the easiest. I made love to one of them within ten minutes of our first meeting. 58.
59) 20) dialog: Not in the least. After all, what is adultery -- only a brief transaction on a couch, requiring a few minutes of privacy. Josephine presses against him.
59) 23) dialog: I cannot promise you that.
59) 25) dialog: I will never forgive you.
59) 27) dialog: I don't understand you.
59) 29) dialog: Promises mean nothing.
59) 31) dialog: All right -- I promise.
60) 0) text: A small crowd of men talking to Napoleon, Sieyes, Roger- Ducos, Joseph and Lucien Bonaparte and Talleyrand. The meeting is jovial and relaxed.
64) 0) text: The exciting clatter of horses hoofs on cobblestones draw confused spectators to the sight of Napoleon at the head 50 gold-braided generals, on their way to the assembly.
69) 0) text: The conspirators wait in what was formerly one of Marie- Antoinette's reception salons, now bare of all furniture except three arm-chairs grouped before a large, ornate fireplace, in which there is a small fire. The shouting from the Orangery can be faintly heard throu the walls. Napoleon paces, nervously. Sieyes, huddled in an overcoat, stares apprehensively int the fire. Roger-Ducos pokes at it with a damp log. Joseph Bonaparte stands, gazing out of the window at the troops, sprawled on the grass. There is a knock at the door.
69) 1) dialog: Come in.
69) 3) dialog: Send him in. Lavallette comes in, salutes.
69) 7) dialog: Only as a last resort. What are the Councils doing now?
69) 9) dialog: Come in.
69) 11) dialog: Let me have it. The officer hands Napoleon an envelope and exits. Napoleo looks at the note and, then, reads it aloud.
69) 12) dialog: My dear Bonaparte, if you have not already done so, I urge you to press things to a conclusion. I cannot guarantee the situation for very much longer in Paris. Sieyes, in an absolute panic, leans over and whispers to Roger-Ducos.
69) 15) dialog: Have patience -- all will be well. There is a knock at the door.
69) 16) dialog: Come in.
69) 18) dialog: Send him in.
69) 21) dialog: Please stop chattering -- and let me think.
70) 0) text: Deputies going through the ritual of individually swearin their oaths to the Constitution. Napoleon enters with four grenadier guards and causes an immediate uproar. The grenadiers try to force a passage to approach the speaker's rostrum but a group of Jacobin deputies bar the way.
70) 3) dialog: Please stand out of the way. Four grenadiers are no threat to you. 66.
70) 5) dialog: Citizen Deputies, please stand out of the way -- I wish to approach the speaker's rostrum!
70) 8) dialog: Citizens, please stand aside. I wish to approach the speaker's rostrum.
71) 0) text: Among the soldiers, Napoleon, his face bloody, mounts a h and rides through his men. The troops are confused by his appearance but give him a cheer as he passes by. It is no five o'clock and the grey November dusk is closing in. A of "Long Live Bonaparte" thunders through the courtyard.
73) 0) text: Deputies climb through the windows and are jeered by the onlookers. Napoleon paces, nervously.
74) 0) text: Painted cardboard figures, about six inches high, representing Napoleon, Josephine and the principal person involved in the forthcoming coronation, are pushed about, discussed and noted, as the group plans the complex stage management of the coronation. Napoleon, Josephine, the painter David, and a small entou are seated, standing and kneeling around a cardboard mock of the interior of Notre Dame Cathedral.
75) 0) text: The Coronation. At the moment when the Pope reaches for t crown of Charlemagne, to take it from the altar, Napoleon takes it, and, with his own hands, places it on his head. Napoleon looks, with an air of pride and satisfaction, at Josephine, as she advances towards him, at the altar, and when she kneels down, tears fall upon her clasped hands, raised to heaven -- or, rather to Napoleon.
75) 2) dialog: Duroc, I have a bill here for francs from Tirot, for building the Imperial throne and six decorated arm-chairs. The amount is absurd -- and, at least twice too much.
76) 0) text: Candlelight, silver service -- beautiful women, important guests. Napoleon and Josephine are seated at opposite end of a long table. Placed at Napoleon's elbow is the strikingly beautiful Madame Trillaud, a sexy brunette. He speaks to her husband. Dessert is being served.
76) 1) dialog: The revolution failed because the foundation of its political philosophy was in error. Its central dogma was the transference of original sin from man to society. It had the rosy vision that by nature man is good, and that he is only corrupted by an incorrectly organized society. Destroy the offending social institutions, tinker with the machine a bit, and you have Utopia - - presto! -- natural man back in all his goodness. Laugher at the table. 69.
76) 2) dialog: It's a very attractive idea but it simply isn't true. They had the whole thing backwards. Society is corrupt because man is corrupt -- because he is weak, selfish, hypocritical and greedy. And he is not made this way by society, he is born this way -- you can see it even in the youngest children. It's no good trying to build a better society on false assumptions -- authority's main job is to keep man from being at his worst and, thus, make life tolerable, for the greater number of people.
76) 4) dialog: My dear Monsieur Trillaud, I am not paid for finding it better. Laughter. Napoleon exchanges a significant look with his Major-domo who nods, picks up a wine decanter, and comes up to Madam Trillaud's place to refill her glass, deliberately spilli wine on the front of her dress.
76) 5) dialog: You clumsy fool. Quick, we need some water. Endless ad lib apologies by the Major-domo.
76) 7) dialog: No, no, I'll take care of it myself. We don't want to have any more accidents. Napoleon, the Major-domo and Madame Trillaud exit the roo amid apologies, reassurances. The guests resume their conversations, but Josephine, who seen the routine before, is distracted and agitated. 70.
77) 0) text: A small, hideaway room, reached by a back staircase, lead off Napoleon's private office. It is all couches, cushion velvet, mirrors and dim candles. Napoleon, Madame Trillaud and Major-domo enter.
77) 1) dialog: Quick, where is the water?
77) 3) dialog: Ah, good, here -- allow me, Madame Trillaud. Napoleon and the Major-domo exchange another look, and th Major-domo hurriedly exits the room, springing a catchloc behind him. Napoleon's attention immediately shifts from Madame Trillaud's dress to Madame herself. His efforts to rub of the wine stains gradually become more intimate.
77) 5) dialog: Don't be afraid. Napoleon takes her in his arms.
77) 7) dialog: Don't be afraid, my dear. We shall be back before dessert is finished. Napoleon kisses her and fumbles with her clothes, to remo them. After several passionate seconds, there is a timid knock at the door. Madame Trillaud looks startled but Napoleon puts his fing to her lips and continues. After fifteen seconds, there is another knock on the door louder. 71.
77) 8) dialog: (whispers) Don't worry. It's only the night maid. More kissing, then a louder and more insistent knock. Thi time they both sit up. More knocking. Madame Trillaud is frightened.
77) 9) dialog: (angrily) Yes -- what is it?
77) 11) dialog: Go away -- I'm busy.
77) 13) dialog: Don't be ridiculous and go away -- I'm busy working.
77) 15) dialog: How should I know. Ask Roquier -- he's cleaning her dress.
77) 17) dialog: Oh -- now, this is absolutely ridiculous! If you don't want to be humiliated in front of your guests, you will return to the table at once.
77) 19) dialog: I will be there in five minutes. Go back to your guests.
77) 21) dialog: Yes!!
77) 23) dialog: Goodbye. Madame Trillaud starts to get up. Napoleon stops her.
77) 24) dialog: (whispering) Darling -- don't be ridiculous. We have five minutes. Where are you going?
77) 26) dialog: Of course we won't -- five minutes will never be noticed. He tumbles her back on to the bed.
78) 1) dialog: (in a subdued voice) How dare you do that to me tonight? How dare you? Do you realize who Madame Trillaud's husband is? Suppose he found out? Josephine sobs. Napoleon speaks in sharp hisses, to keep servants from overhearing.
78) 2) dialog: Oh, shut up, will you? Josephine sobs.
78) 3) dialog: Your tears have absolutely no effect on me... What a fool I have been! I am not a man like any other man. I must be free -- I must be free to do what I please. I must be free of this sordid jealousy! 73. Napoleon looks at the figure of his distraught wife. She on her knees, slumped across the seat of a chair.
78) 4) dialog: (slowly and quietly) Very well, then, I will not put a specific time limit on this, but you must accept the idea that we will have to be divorced, and soon... And, from now on, we will sleep in separate bedrooms. This last remark finally causes Josephine to attempt to speak, red-eyed, sniveling, unable to put words together without involuntary shudders and sobs.
78) 6) dialog: Yes.
78) 8) dialog: Not be safe? What on earth are you talking about?
79) 0) text: Napoleon, in his nightshirt, follow Roustam along the corridor. When they reach Josephine's door, Roustam hands Napoleon the candle and leaves. Napoleon knocks.
79) 2) dialog: It's me. Josephine quickly opens the door. 74.
79) 4) dialog: (touching the bed) Sit down. Josephine sits down next to him. He puts his arms around her, regretfully.
79) 5) dialog: I didn't mean the things that I said... I was angry and I said more than I meant to.
79) 8) dialog: (laughs, weakly) Indeed -- well, you may tell Dr. Corvisart, I should be entirely satisfied with half her success.
81) 0) text: A high, windy bluff, overlooking the English Channel. Napoleon and his entourage study the English fleet, moore several miles offshore, and the cliffs of Dover, just vis on the horizon.
83) 0) text: Francis II, the severe, opportunistic Emperor of Austria, reviewing his troops. He is a year older than Napoleon.
86) 0) text: A cold, blustery day. A large fire has been built at the base of a steep-sided gully. French cavalry vedettes are posted at the top of the hill. A party of 50 Austrian hussars, escorting 3 Imperial carriages, comes to a halt. Drummers and trumpeters sound a salute. Napoleon helps the defeated Emperor Francis, of Austria, his carriage, embracing him with cordiality. This is the first meeting between Napoleon and an importa European monarch.
86) 1) dialog: Ah, my dear Francis, what a genuine pleasure it is to meet you at last.
86) 3) dialog: I'm sorry that I am unable to offer you better hospitality, but this is the only place I have inhabited for the past month.
86) 5) dialog: Shall we move closer to the fire?
86) 7) dialog: Will Alexander be joining us soon?
86) 9) dialog: Oh...?
86) 11) dialog: I see. Francis has developed a violent chill.
86) 13) dialog: (interrupting) My dear Francis, you do seem extremely uncomfortable.
86) 15) dialog: (offering a flask) Would you like some brandy?
86) 17) dialog: I'll have the fire built up. He shouts to his staff.
86) 18) dialog: Berthier, we need some more wood for the fire -- and some brandy. Berthier issues orders and soldiers dash off for the wood aide dashes forward with the brandy.
86) 20) dialog: Francis, may I ask whether you wear warm winter underwear? Francis downs a big swig of brandy. 79.
86) 22) dialog: Ah, well, that is the first rule of warfare. You must wear long- sleeved and long-legged underwear. You can never conjure up brilliancies with a cold bottom. They both laugh -- Francis, cheerlessly. FADE OUT.
88) 2) dialog: If the French army had been commanded at Jena and Auerstadt by a tailor, the King of Prussia would certainly have gained the day. 80.
89) 0) text: Napoleon enjoying a performance of "Don Giovanni." An aid tiptoes into the box and hands him a note which reads: "Prussian ultimatum delivered to me today by Haugwitz. Wa is now imminent. Talleyrand." Napoleon quietly folds the note, putting it away in his pocket. Berthier leans over inquiringly. Napoleon puts hi finger to his lips, redirects his attention to the stage, crosses his arms and settles comfortably back into his se
91) 0) text: The colors of France and Russia flutter, side by side, in summer breeze, atop a large, ornately decorated raft, moo in mid-stream. It is an incredible sight, made of huge lo and planks, beautifully carpeted, draped with bunting, an with two small pavilions built on top, their roofs and wa covered with drapery, flags and colored silks. On the opposite banks are the massed formations and color the French and Russian Imperial Guards. 81. At a prearranged time, nervously checked and rechecked by pocket-watches, clicking open and closed, the two Emperor set off, in decorated long boats, to their rendezvous in stream. As they proceed, an unintentional race between oarsmen develops. Napoleon disembarks first and is thus able to welcome Tsa Alexander aboard. They embrace and, at this moment, a tumultuous roar of approval, the sound of fanfares, the beating of drums, is forth from both banks of the river. It is a splendid and marvelously absurd scene.
91) 3) dialog: And, what a great pleasure it is, indeed, to meet you, Alexander.
91) 5) dialog: Ah -- you approve?
91) 7) dialog: I'm glad you like it.
91) 9) dialog: (with exaggerated secrecy) I shall tell you in the strictest confidence -- when I was a boy, I had a passion for rafts, and never had the opportunity to build one. 82. They both laugh. The two Emperors now introduce their staffs.
92) 0) text: Napoleon and Alexander, leaning on their elbows, on a lar map of the world, spread out on a table.
93) 0) text: Napoleon and Alexander slowly walk through the beautiful gloom of the dark forest. They are thoughtful, relaxed, enjoying the splendor of the late afternoon.
93) 1) dialog: We have no rivalry, we have no vital issues at stake. We are only at war because you are the ally of England, and, in this, it seems to me, you are serving only the interests of England. Alexander does not immediately reply.
94) 0) text: The Tsar and Napoleon riding together, their entourage an escort follow a few hundred yards behind. 83.
95) 0) text: The Tsar and Napoleon seated together in a box at the theater.
96) 0) text: Napoleon and Alexander reviewing French troops.
96) 1) dialog: If Alexander were a woman, I think I should fall passionately in love with him. But, at the same time, there is something very peculiar about him -- something lacking, but it is impossible to foresee precisely what will be lacking in any given instance, for the defect seems infinitely variable.
97) 0) text: Alexander and Napoleon sit together, naked. 84.
97) 1) dialog: You can always tell at a glance whether retreating infantry are being pursed by cavalry, because they hurry along and keep turning around and looking back. When they are retreating before infantry, they merely trudge along, head down.
97) 3) dialog: Without a doubt, to estimate the enemy's strength on the battlefield. This is something that is only acquired by experience and instinct. At Jena, there were as many opinions about strength of the enemy as there were generals present. Murat said there were 50,000, preparing to attack. Berthier said there were no more than 25,000, about to withdraw. "Berthier sees only what is in the open," Murat said. "But don't forget there is a second force hidden in the forest." And so it would always go, each of them would judge things according to his own ability, character and state of mind, at the moment.
97) 5) dialog: What do you mean?
97) 7) dialog: That is a problem, and I can appreciate your feelings. But I'm sure you have great talent for war, and I could teach you a lot. If we are ever at war again together, you should lead, say, 30,000 men, under my orders -- you would soon get the feel of it.
98) 0) text: Napoleon soaks in a steaming tub. Talleyrand, constantly wiping his glasses, balances on hi lap a thick sheaf of draft notes of the Treaty of Tilsit, referring to them during the discussion.
98) 2) dialog: Does she deserve anything better?
98) 4) dialog: I did not ask her to go to war against me.
98) 6) dialog: Yes, he has. Talleyrand looks dismayed and leafs through some more pap
98) 8) dialog: That is correct.
98) 10) dialog: I very seriously doubt it. I don't think there is any possibility of making peace with England so long as she sees herself safe from invasion. That is why we must increase the pressure on her economy. With Russia in the Continental Blockade, England must collapse. More than of her trade is with the Continent and Russia.
98) 12) dialog: We have a treaty with Austria.
98) 14) dialog: My dear Talleyrand, none of the Kings of Europe bear any friendship for France. It is easy for you to talk of reliable treaties. The only treaties you have been able to negotiate are the ones I have won on the battlefield.
98) 16) dialog: What you are talking about is a gamble on moderation -- when I gamble, I prefer to gamble on force. 87.
98) 18) dialog: Alexander and I are friends. We have reached an understanding.
98) 20) dialog: That is a matter of opinion.
98) 22) dialog: He will stand by his agreement -- I know him better than you do.
99) 0) text: Napoleon and Alexander exchange fraternal embraces, on th bank of the Niemen river. Music, cheers, massed troops, flags, cannon salutes.
99) 1) dialog: (embracing Alexander) My dear Alexander, between us there must never be any third parties. We must always deal directly with each other and never allow Ministers or advisors to muddy the waters. 88. FADE OUT.
100) 0) text: Present for the Imperial divorce are all the high officer the Crown and the Empire, the Bonaparte family, Hortense, Eugene. Josephine is seated next to Napoleon, her eyes downcast.
100) 1) dialog: The political interests of my monarchy, and the wishes of my people, require that I should transmit to an heir, the throne, on which providence has placed me. For many years, I have lost all hopes of having children by my beloved wife, the Empress Josephine. It is this consideration which induces me to sacrifice the dearest affections of my heart, to consult only the good of my subjects, and to desire the dissolution of our marriage. Josephine, holding a paper in her hands, tries to read it uncontrollable sobs choke her voice.
101) 0) text: Napoleon and Josephine walking, arm in arm. Their entoura follow, a few hundred feet behind.
102) 0) text: The dining room at Malmaison. Josephine and Hortense are dinner. Josephine is reading a letter from Napoleon, her food untouched. Hortense is nervous and upset.
103) 0) text: Napoleon is dancing with Murat. The only other person in large ballroom is Berthier. A trio of musicians, placed outside the closed door, plays a waltz. Murat is teaching Napoleon how to waltz. He is an expert teacher, and Napoleon is a reasonable pupil. Berthier watches glumly.
105) 0) text: The proxy wedding of Marie-Louis and Napoleon in Vienna. Archduke Charles stands in for the absent Napoleon.
106) 0) text: Marie-Louise's coach, and those of her entourage bounce a a road near Compiegne, in a driving rain storm. Napoleon's sister, Caroline, Queen of Naples, reviews the protocol to be followed. Marie-Louise looks tired, confused, slightly sick and anxious.
106) 2) dialog: (laughing) Good evening, ladies. You must forgive me, my dearest wife, but I simply could not wait to see you.
106) 4) dialog: (laughing) Yes, my dearest Marie-Louise, I am your husband. They both laugh. Napoleon looks at her, admiringly, and takes her hand.
106) 5) dialog: My dear, sweet Marie-Louis, you are even more beautiful than your portrait. Marie-Louise giggles and lowers her eyes.
106) 7) dialog: Ah, you must forgive me, my dearest Marie-Louise, I saw it during one of my stays at your palace -- at Schonbrunn. They both laugh. Laughter.
106) 8) dialog: (jokingly) I hope you will forgive me for any inconveniences I may have caused you, and your family, in the past.
106) 9) dialog: And, you, my dear wife, do you find that I resemble my portraits? 94.
106) 11) dialog: (laughs ) Good! Good! Then we are both pleased with each other. How fortunate we are -- eh? How fortunate we are!
107) 0) text: Napoleon and Marie-Louise in bed, the marriage is about t consummated. Her cloistered upbringing has not prepared h very well for this moment. Each time Napoleon is about to take her in his arms, she speaks.
107) 2) dialog: (gently) Yes, I do -- very much.
107) 4) dialog: Of course, my dear.
107) 6) dialog: You may have anything you wish, my sweet and lovely Marie-Louise.
107) 8) dialog: I am sure you will enjoy the French countryside. 95.
107) 10) dialog: I only desire what gives you pleasure, my dearest.
107) 12) dialog: Of course, my dear -- how cruel to have been separated from her. And how strange it must be for you to be here, away from your family and everything you know.
107) 14) dialog: Did the Emperor or Empress give you any... instructions of any kind... before you left?
107) 16) dialog: Oh, my dearest child -- you must not worry about anything. I will teach you everything that you must know. Napoleon sits up in bed.
107) 17) dialog: (cheerfully) Do you know the joke about the two Swiss boys who go to a bordello for the first time? 96.
107) 19) dialog: Well, two nice little Swiss boys, who are virgins, decide they will save up their money and go to a bordello. Marie-Louise giggles.
107) 20) dialog: At the door, one of them loses his nerve and decides to wait in the street while his more adventuresome friend goes inside. Fifteen minutes later his friend comes out. Napoleon does the dialogue with a heavy Swiss accent.
107) 21) dialog: "Well, what was it like?" the timid one asks. "Oh," his friend nonchalantly replied, "The movements are ridiculously simple, but the feeling is wonderful!" Marie-Louise shrieks with laughter which persists until t run down her cheeks. Napoleon gently takes her into his arms.
108) 0) text: Napoleon holds up his son, the infant King of Rome, to th cheering multitude below. Standing beside him are Marie- Louise, his mother and entourage.
110) 0) text: Imperial Guard sergeant proudly carries the King of Rome. Napoleon and Marie-Louise are seated on a park bench near
112) 0) text: The King of Rome is asleep, holding onto one of Napoleon' fingers. Letizia looks lovingly at her son and grandson. Magnificent toys are scattered about the room.
114) 4) text: ALEXANDER (cont'd) Napoleon may believe it is necessary to injure England but, before that, he must realize it is necessary for him to allow his friends to live. He cannot expect me to tell my nobles they must ruin themselves so that he can bring England to her knees -- and I'm afraid that is what it has come to.
114) 8) text: My dear Caulaincourt, you have no idea of how compromised my own position has become since Tilsit. I am blamed by the army for the military disaster at Austerlitz and Friedland, by the nobility for ruining their trade with England, by the merchants who must accept French foods at unprofitable prices, and by the nation for allowing Napoleon to dictate Russian policy. Alexander comes up to Caulaincourt and takes his arm. speaks slowly and factually.
115) 1) dialog: (pleasantly) Monsieur Barbier, I would like to have all the books, that are best worth consulting, on the topography of Russia, and especially of Lithuania, with special attention to the rivers, forests, roads, marshes and so forth. I would also like to have the most detailed account there is of Charles XII's campaigns in Poland and Russia.
116) 0) text: Maps and books are everywhere. Napoleon is on his hands a knees, creeping around on a huge map of Russia.
117) 0) text: Crowds. Honor Guard. Imperial carriages. Napoleon and Marie-Louise greet Francis of Austria, Frederich Wilhelm Prussia, and the other Kings.
117) 3) dialog: (embracing Francis) Since my marriage, some people have said the lion has been sleeping -- they will now see whether he has been sleeping. Good-natured laughter.
118) 0) text: Napoleon and the monarchs are seated at a large table.
118) 1) dialog: Never was the success of an expedition more certain. I see on all sides nothing but probabilities in my favor. (MORE )
118) 2) text: NAPOLEON (cont'd) For the first time, I advance at the head of the combined forces of France, Austria, Italy, Germany, the Confederation of the Rhine, and Poland. He smiles at each ruler as their country is mentioned.
118) 4) dialog: That is my fervent hope. I love Alexander, as a brother, and wish him no harm.
118) 6) dialog: I know he has said that, and I am sure that he would like to believe it's true. But Russia is a semi- Asiatic nation which cannot field an army as large as your own, and has no literature or music to speak of. It is a barbarian nation, and barbarians are superstitious and have simple ideas. A single blow delivered at the heart of the Russian Empire, at Moscow the Great, Moscow the Holy, will, ina single instant, put this whole blind apathetic mass into despair. Napoleon pauses, thoughtfully.
118) 7) dialog: I know Alexander. His imagination must be struck by some great, bold, powerful stroke, and he will come back to me, just as he did at Friedland. 106.
119) 2) dialog: (smiling) Well, this is an ill-omen, indeed. Caesar would probably turn back. There is uneasy laughter.
125) 0) text: Napoleon standing on the summit of Sparrow Hill, looking the glittering domes and minarets of Moscow, in the dista Moscow is lordly and striking, with the steeples of its 3 churches, and its copper domes glittering in the sun; its palaces of eastern architecture mingled with trees and surrounded with gardens; and its Kremlin, a huge triangul mass of towers, something between a palace and a castle. But not a chimney sends up smoke, not a man appears on th battlements or at the gates. All is silence. His marshals are gathered around him.
125) 1) dialog: It was all very well for Alexander to do more damage to his country than I could possibly do, but he could not destroy Moscow. This is the prize that will end the war. You will see, we will have peace offerings from him within a few days. 110.
127) 0) text: Napoleon is sleeping heavily. Duroc and Caulaincourt stan over him, gently trying to wake him.
127) 1) dialog: What do you want? Napoleon immediately becomes aware of the strange light i the room, leaps out of bed and rushes to the window. The entire city seems to be in flames.
127) 2) dialog: My God...! What time is it? 111.
127) 4) dialog: My God, what a fire! They stand in silence.
127) 5) dialog: When did it start?
127) 7) dialog: Why didn't you wake me then?
127) 9) dialog: How did it spread so quickly?
127) 11) dialog: I told Mortier that he would answer with his life for any looting.
127) 13) dialog: Impossible, I don't believe it.
127) 15) dialog: But to start a fire like this in five hours -- how is it possible? It would take a carefully organized plan, tons of combustibles and hundreds of people. 112.
127) 17) dialog: My God -- this could be very bad for us... very bad, indeed.
132) 0) text: It is a fine, fall day. Napoleon and a small entourage ar having lunch outside on a balcony overlooking Moscow.
135) 0) text: A small theatrical performance for Napoleon and his inner circle, performed in a Kremlin room, by a troupe of Frenc artists who were in Moscow at the time of the occupation. They are playing a farce to polite laughter and applause. 119.
136) 0) text: Napoleon, alone in his room in the Kremlin. Vacant, immobile, heavy.
138) 0) text: Napoleon on foot with his army. 120.
144) 0) text: The Christmas tree is still up. Toys. Napoleon, on his hands and knees, plays with his son. Marie-Louise watches happily. An aide enters and whispers something, causing Napoleon to get to his feet and excuse himself.
144) 2) dialog: A year ago, the whole of Europe was marching alongside of us. Today, the whole of Europe is marching against us. 123.
149) 0) text: Napoleon spends his last afternoon burning private papers playing with his 3-year old son.
150) 0) text: Napoleon kisses Marie-Louise and son for the last time. H will never see them again. Carriage and escort waiting.
151) 0) text: Napoleon, at the head of his army, marching through the wintry countryside to meet the invading allied army.
153) 0) text: Napoleon asleep in his chair near a fire. The table in fr of him is covered with maps, papers. His marshals and generals stand at a respectful distance.
156) 0) text: A snowy road near Fontainebleau -- French troops retreati Napoleon's carriage and escort gallop through the troops the head of the column and stop. Napoleon climbs out and confronts General Belliard.
156) 1) dialog: Well, Belliard, what's this? What are you doing here? Where is the enemy?
156) 3) dialog: And where is the army?
156) 5) dialog: And who is defending Paris?
156) 7) dialog: Paris has surrendered?! I don't believe it.
156) 9) dialog: But where are my wife and son? What's become of them? Where is Marmont? Where is Mortier?
156) 11) dialog: Well, you've heard what Belliard says, gentlemen -- come, I am going to Paris. Caulaincourt, have my carriage brought up. Come, come, Belliard, turn your men around.
156) 13) dialog: No troops? The National Guard is still there -- they will follow me. Things may yet be put right.
156) 16) dialog: A treaty? Don't be ridiculous. What treaty is this? Who made it? Who has been giving orders?
156) 18) dialog: But who made this treaty?
156) 20) dialog: Who sent my wife and son out of Paris?
156) 22) dialog: And where is Joseph?
156) 24) dialog: What cowardice! What treason! Joseph has ruined everything. How could they all lose their heads. They knew I was coming up fast. Victory was just within grasp. Come, come, turn your troops around, General Belliard.
156) 26) dialog: There seems little enough danger of that. Come! Come! My carriage! The troops! Another column of troops, withdrawing from Paris, comes i sight. Suddenly, Napoleon stops, sits down by the side of the road, and holds his head.
157) 0) text: In a comic opera parody of former grandeur, Napoleon marc in a pathetic procession, led by the governor, the prefec and other city officials, cheered by the local population A band of twenty fiddlers -- no brass, no percussion, mar along playing the Elban national anthem. A few hundred of his guards bring up the rear.
158) 11) dialog: Josephine dead -- how unbelievable! How impossible it is to believe it. She was always physically so strong -- she was never ill a day in her life.
158) 13) dialog: But did she have the best doctors? Wasn't there any chance at all to save her?
158) 15) dialog: She should have had Larrey or Corvisart. They might have saved her... But why didn't anyone even write to me? Can you believe that no one even bothered to write to me? Would you have believed that I should read such news in a newspaper? How incredible!
158) 17) dialog: Ah, my poor Josephine. She was the most alluring, most glamorous creature I have ever known -- a woman in every sense of the word, and she had the kindest heart in the world. She may have been a liar and a spendthrift, but she had something that was irresistible -- she was a women to her very fingertips... How impossible it is to believe that she is dead.
158) 19) dialog: I suppose I might blame her for opening her house to the men most responsible to my downfall, but how can I? She was on her own again, she had to look after her own affairs, and how can one blame her for having her head turned by the attention of Kings?
158) 20) dialog: She made me very unhappy when we were first married, but when we are young we become addicted to the pain of love and, once having experienced it, never want to be cured. For afterwards, we dread the horrible solitude of the heart, the emptiness of feeling... He reaches into his pocket and pulls out a bill. Pause. INT.
158) 21) dialog: Look at this -- how incredible! My last souvenir -- a bill I received just two weeks ago from her couturier -- 6,000 francs...!
158) 22) dialog: Now I have lost everything that is precious to me. My dearest wife has been locked away by her father, and my poor baby grows up without me.
161) 0) text: Along shot of Napoleon walking with his mother. We are to far away to hear what they are saying.
162) 0) text: A cold, clear, brilliant moonlit night. Napoleon on the deck, crowded with his troops who are writing proclamatio in long hand.
163) 0) text: A regiment of government troops bars the road and the fie bordering it. Some 300 yards away, Napoleon's small army faces them. An aide, of the general commanding the government troops, gallops down the road, salutes and dismounts.
163) 2) dialog: Thank you, Colonel. Please present my compliments to General Cannet, and tell him that I shall come presently and bring the answer myself. The aide salutes, remounts and rides back. General Cannet speaks to his troops, riding slowly back a forth on his horse. 135.
163) 5) dialog: Hello, men of the 5th -- do you recognize your Emperor?
163) 7) dialog: I recognize you -- we are old friends. I know you from Friedland and Borodino. And, you there, Sergeant Monestier, how are you? More cheers from the ranks.
163) 8) dialog: My good friends, I am told that Marshal Ney has promised the King to bring me back to Paris in an iron cage. I have sent word to my old friend, Marshal Ney, that he can make that a wooden box, if he is able to manage it, but I certainly must refuse an iron cage - - I'm not as young as I used to be, and I can't accept such drafty accommodations! Laughter and cheers from the ranks. 136.
163) 9) dialog: Men of the 5th, your general has invited me to surrender myself and my men, but I come to make you an offer -- Men of the 5th, will you join me? There is a thunderous cheer from the ranks and the men ru forward surrounding Napoleon. Some soldiers fling themsel at his feet, kissing his coat and his hands. Napoleon's e fill with tears.
163) 10) dialog: (to a grenadier) I shall have to send a message to Louis VXIII, in Paris, and tell him not to send any more troops -- I have enough already.
164) 0) text: Napoleon dines alone at a large table. He picks at his fo in no special order -- dessert, fish, soup, potatoes. He absorbed, reading a thick report.
164) 3) dialog: (without looking up) Yes?
164) 5) dialog: Oh -- where is she?
164) 7) dialog: (gloomily ) Please ask her to get undressed, and tell her I'll be along as soon as I can.
164) 11) text: NARRATOR (cont'd) But what would prove disastrous for Napoleon, was that he believed the Prussians to be out of the battle for good, and retreating away from Wellington, whereas Blucher, still full of fight, was marching north to join him.
167) 0) text: Napoleon, surrounded by officers, bent over a map.
170) 0) text: Napoleon and his staff have their telescopes trained on w appears as a cloud of dust, at a distance of some six mil The staff talk, somewhat absently, concentrating on their telescopes.
171) 2) text: NARRATOR (cont'd) Having failed to do this, had he now marched his 34,000 men to the sound of the guns, he would have increased Napoleon's army by fifty percent and would most probably have ensured a French victory. But this was not to be, and Grouchy's inadequacies would be the ruin of Napoleon's last battle.
172) 0) text: Three quarters of a mile behind the battlefield. Napoleon seated in an arm-chair. Dry straw has been spread on the ground around him. He sits with his head in his hands. He is in pain. His staff waits fretfully at a respectful distance.
173) 2) text: NARRATOR (cont'd) Berthier had committed suicide when he heard of Napoleon's return from Elba, and Ney's eleventh hour switch of allegiance to Napoleon, had left his soldier's mind ina clouded and uneasy state. He would now make tactical blunder after blunder, while gallantly rushing around the battlefield like a young subaltern.
180) 0) text: Napoleon giving orders. Ney, covered with mud and bloodstains, has become a wild-looking creature.
184) 0) text: Napoleon on the deck of the "Northumberland" looking at t cliffs of St. Helena. He is depressed by the mass of bare volcanic granite rising steeply out of the sea, barely tw eight miles in circumference.
186) 0) text: Napoleon dictating his memoirs to Count Bertrand, a large is spread on the floor. The room is overcrowded with book and papers. A rat is noticed and ignored.
187) 0) text: Napoleon stares out at the grey Atlantic, watched by seve British soldiers.
188) 0) text: Sir Hudson Lowe opens Napoleon's mail.
188) 5) dialog: (weakly) Who is there?
188) 7) dialog: I have just had the most vivid... dream... about Josephine.
188) 9) dialog: She was sitting there... and it was as if I had last seen her only the night before... She hadn't changed - - she was still the same -- still completely devoted to me... and she told me we were going to see each other again and, never again, leave each other... She has promised me. Did you see her?
188) 11) dialog: I wanted to kiss her, but she didn't want to kiss me... She slipped away, the moment I wanted to take her in my arms.
189) 0) text: His mother, dressed in black, sits alone, a study of gloo and lament. The shutters are closed and the semi-darkness the room is broken by bright slivers of sunlight. The camera moves slowly away from Letizia, to an open portmanteau. It is filled with very old children's things faded toys, torn picture books, wooden soldiers and the T bear Napoleon slept with as a child. FADE OUT.