13) 4) text: Finally, out of the fog -- a young woman in a black cape hood, her back to us.  The camera pushes in, music swells she turns.  SIMONE.  She is exquisitely, ethereally beautiful.  Perfect.
14) 2) text: When Simone's face appears, the faces of the AUDIENCE MEM change.  They are all visibly moved, including the THEATE OWNER.  Some weeping, some with curious smiles on their faces, some opened-mouthed.
14) 6) dialog: (enigmatic smile) From Valarie.
14) 7) text: Suddenly a GUNSHOT rings out.  Simone collapses to the ground.
16) 1) text: The same scene that played in the studio screening room.  However now when we cut from the leading man, HAL, to the leading lady it is not NICOLA but the newly cast SIMONE.
16) 3) dialog: -- Why are we here?  Is that what you're asking, Jack?... Why are we here?  No why.  Just here.
17) 1) text: ON SCREEN SIMONE lies dying.  Now even LAINEY is affected Simone's performance.  She wipes a tear from her eye.
20) 7) text: Viktor stops the machine, dazed.  He idly opens his mail. Inside an envelope he finds a SAG Card with the new membe name, "SIMONE".
20) 13) text: B)  THE FRONT PAGE OF "VARIETY" coming off the presses re "SIMONE: A REVELATION -- Dawning Of A New Star In "SUNRISE".
20) 16) text: C)  A TEENAGE BOY in a public library logs on to the firs website dedicated to SIMONE.
20) 19) text: D)  Trendy TEENAGE GIRLS saunter past a swimming pool in Simone capes and hoods despite the sweltering heat.
20) 22) text: E)  In a Third World back-alley a YOUNG ASIAN MAN shows a UNDERCOVER REPORTER a pirated recording of SIMONE on a camcorder.
20) 25) text: F)  A LIQUOR STORE CUSTOMER watches a TV behind the count showing a clip of SIMONE from, "SUNRISE, SUNSET Courtesy: Taransky Productions".
22) 1) text: Outside the studio entrance, a swarm of REPORTERS, PHOTOGRAPHERS and FANS rush VIKTOR's limousine, hoping fo glimpse of SIMONE.
23) 2) text: A STUDIO PHOTOGRAPHER has a camera at the ready.  A banne reads, "Welcome SIMONE".  A YOUNG ASSISTANT wheels a cake
26) 10) dialog: 
26) 11) text: He presses "ENTER" and a face begins to build -- wire upo wire, pixel upon pixel -- until a completed synthespian emerges -- SIMONE.  She is indistinguishable from a flesh blood actress.
26) 12) text: Simone moves on a video loop against a neutral background titled "VISUAL LOOP 6".  Within the confines of the monit she is reminiscent of a beautiful caged animal.  She look little bored as if she has been cooped up in cyberspace f too long.
26) 16) dialog: Good morning, Mr. Taransky.
26) 20) dialog: ... digitized.
26) 21) text: Only now do we observe that Viktor is occasionally talkin into a microphone connected to the computer and pressing key on his keyboard.  When he speaks, she speaks.  Simone voice and mouth movements automatically sync in response Viktor's voice.  A scanning light on Viktor allows Simone mimic his movements.
26) 23) dialog: You mean they buy it?
26) 29) text: Viktor looks up, Simone mimicking his action.
26) 31) dialog: (depressing the button every time he wants to express his thoughts through Simone) Maybe he can.
26) 35) dialog: (appearing to indulge Viktor with a smile) I am the death of real.
26) 39) dialog: And now look what you've started.  And now look what you've started.  And now look what you've started.
26) 40) text: Viktor's conversation with himself is not merely for his amusement.  He is adjusting and refining Simone's voice.
26) 43) text: Viktor scrolls through a photo library of stars, living a dead, that comprise Simone.
26) 44) text: Viktor makes an adjustment on a panel on the computer scr dedicated to Simone's audio, incorporating the vocal deliveries -- "20% STREEP, 80% BACALL".
26) 45) text: He speaks once again as Simone to test the adjustment.  T voice patterns appear on his screen -- graphic representations of the sound waves.
26) 47) dialog: Is that better, Mr. Taransky?
26) 58) text: With a CUT and PASTE, Viktor morphs the gesture seamlessl into a frozen Simone.  Viktor presses play.
26) 60) dialog: (imitating Audrey's performance perfectly) Hi.
26) 64) dialog: You did create me.
26) 68) dialog: Mr. Taransky, we both know I was nothing without you.  I was computer code -- ones and zeros.
26) 71) text: Viktor gets up and starts walking around the room, warmin his theme.  SIMONE moves in a VISUAL LOOP on the monitor, nodding attentively as if she's really interested.
26) 75) dialog: (Simone appears to look directly at her maker) Are you ever going to tell the truth about me, Mr. Taransky?
26) 79) dialog: You know what I'm talking about.
26) 86) dialog: Not, "Eternity Forever"?  The legendary unproduced script that was too good ever to get made?  I'd kill for that part.
26) 89) text: Suddenly, Simone appears to talk on her own.
26) 91) dialog: I'll do anything to please you, Mr. Taransky.
26) 95) dialog: I'll do anything to please you, Mr. Taransky.
26) 98) dialog: And I will never, ever leave you.
26) 99) text: Simone appears to indulge Viktor by blowing him a kiss -- until we see that Viktor has now highlighted a box marked
26) 102) text: Viktor comes close to the monitor.  He notices something about Simone's face.
26) 106) text: From a distance we watch him, alone with Simone in the va empty soundstage.
29) 23) text: MAX's eyes light up.  He gazes to a photo of SIMONE paste the inside of the car.
36) 13) text: INT.  SIMONE &amp; VIKTOR'S OFFICE - DAY
36) 21) text: INT.  SIMONE &amp; VIKTOR'S OFFICE - DAY
36) 22) text: VIKTOR sits at the head of the table, surrounded by HAL, LOTUS, MAC and three other CAST MEMBERS.  A preliminary poster behind him -- "COMING THIS SUMMER - SIMONE in ETER FOREVER" -- bears a huge photograph of Simone's face.
36) 38) dialog: (through the speakerphone) I certainly am, Mr. Taransky.
36) 43) dialog: Why don't you leave me alone with my co-stars, Mr. Taransky, so we can get to know each other better?
36) 50) dialog: Hi.  Who's there?  Don't be shy.  Introduce yourselves.
38) 1) text: VIKTOR races across the vast, empty space to a digital player, connected to a phone.  Simone's pre-recorded open remarks (graphically represented on the screen) are almos completed.
38) 3) dialog: Is that everyone...? (pause) Well, obviously, as you know...
38) 4) text: Viktor jumps into the conversation in the nick of time, speaking through the synthesizer.  As usual, Viktor's voi is automatically synthesized into the voice of Simone.
38) 6) dialog: ... I'm Simone.   
38) 11) dialog: (from speaker phone) I just want to start by apologizing for my "process" --
38) 12) text: INT.  SIMONE &amp; VIKTOR'S OFFICE - DAY
38) 19) dialog: Well thank you for your understanding.  I know it's an unusual way to work but I just find I relate better to people when they're not actually there.
38) 23) dialog: I don't have much to say except that I know it's going to be a great project, if we all just trust Mr. Taransky's vision.  Always do what Mr. Taransky says.  If in doubt, do it the Taransky way.
38) 26) dialog: I know we're going to make a wonderful movie together.
41) 1) text: Viktor digitally adds SIMONE standing beside a sportscar HAL in a scene from "Eternity Forever".  He works on her close up.
41) 3) dialog: (eyes welling with tears) -- What you don't understand, Clyde, is that love is like a wild flower, but that flower only grows --
41) 4) text: Viktor hits STOP and Simone freezes.  Viktor brings up a and chooses from a range of "EMOTIONAL OPTIONS".
41) 9) text: He fine-tunes SIMONE's performance -- sliding a cursor on performance axis from "BROAD" to "SUBTLE".
41) 13) dialog: -- What you don't understand --
41) 14) text: Simone freezes again.  Viktor make another adjustment.
41) 17) text: Simone's tears retreat into her eyes.
41) 22) dialog: (teardrops arriving on cue) -- What you don't understand, Clyde, is that love is like a wild flower, but that flower only grows on the edge... (dramatic pause) ... of a very high cliff.
41) 23) text: Simone FREEZES.
41) 26) text: Viktor returns SIMONE to her neutral background.
41) 29) text: "To Vivian.  Love, Simone" -- VIKTOR writes on the public shot.  He applies lipstick and adds a kiss to the photo.
41) 30) text: Viktor wipes his mouth and looks to SIMONE on his screen she is waiting patiently, as usual.
41) 33) text: Simone doesn't appear convinced.
41) 35) dialog: You're going to get in a lot of trouble, Mr. Taransky.
41) 38) text: He turns to a copy of "The Echo".  A photo of Viktor at t gate of his Malibu home.  "SIMONE HELD CAPTIVE - Self proclaimed Svengali Keeps Star Out Of Limelight".  Viktor puts Simone to sleep and picks up a briefcase.
42) 12) text: ENOMIS becomes SIMONE.
43) 9) text: H)  VIKTOR cuts a lock of "faux" hair from a Simone wig a scatters it on the counter.
45) 11) text: F)  Finally, MAX kneels and gazes at "Simone's" unmade be He slowly slides into the bed and slips beneath the same sheets recently vacated by Viktor.
47) 2) text: Although the woman is impossible beautiful, she is not Simone.  FAITH is Simone's latest stand-in and decoy.  Vi and Faith are still pressed together against one side of limousine.
48) 22) text: As Viktor ponders the question, Faith begins to do Simone deathbed speech from "Sunrise, Sunset".
49) 1) text: The finished scene with SIMONE and HAL plays ON A SCREEN.
50) 1) text: VIKTOR watches the rough cut of "ETERNITY FOREVER" with ELAINE and daughter, LAINEY.  As usual, they are mesmeriz by the breath-taking beautiful SIMONE.  The scene ends. light go up.
53) 34) text: Far across the party, a WOMAN, with a Simone-type hairsty her back to us, is standing at the edge of a fountain.
53) 55) text: The Simone lookalike herself spins around.
53) 62) text: The limousines outside the hotel ballroom have been repla with ambulances.  PARAMEDICS tend to GUESTS, bloodied and battered in the stampede caused by Simone's "appearance".
56) 1) text: "MILLION DOLLAR REWARD FOR PHOTO OF SIMONE!" -- Is the headline on the cover of The ECHO.  VIKTOR is reading the magazine as he makes his way through the studio lot.
57) 56) text: The photograph shows ELAINE, slightly inebriated at the premiere, SIMONE standing slightly behind her.
57) 70) text: Viktor realizes he is still holding a copy of the Nationa ECHO -- the headline, "MILLION DOLLAR REWARD FOR PHOTO OF SIMONE"!  Accompanied by a photo of intrepid reporter MAX SAYER.
59) 1) text: Viktor's home video of the shopping cart plays on a TV.  However, now SIMONE is pushing the cart.  She wears sunglasses, her hair in curlers under a scarf.  Simone ta a Swanson Chicken Pot Pie out of a cabinet... then a box cereal off a display.
63) 2) text: VIKTOR, face and body scanned by the computer, is making final test of his equipment.  When he touches his hair, b his eyes, moves his hands -- so does Simone.
63) 3) text: VIKTOR frantically tests several different backgrounds be SIMONE from a library of images.  Rainforest.  Desert.  R hotel suite.  Moonscape.  Factory.
63) 5) dialog: Make up your mind, Viktor.  Make up your mind.
63) 7) text: He also make a last-second change to Simone's wardrobe -- selecting "TOO-TIGHT SWEATER".
64) 4) text: The just-completed image of SIMONE appears on Brand's monitor.
64) 6) dialog: Wonderful to be with you, Frank.
65) 1) text: KENT, referring to Simone, forgetting or not caring that Elaine is in the room.
66) 4) dialog: (shrugs) I just think actors talk too much.  Does the world really want to hear your life story just because you've got a movie opening Friday?
66) 9) dialog: (from TV) Don't I know it.  That's the only reason I'm here now -- to put the attention back where it belongs, on Mr. Taransky's film.
66) 13) dialog: I'm not even sure I deserve it.  After tonight I'll have almost as much screen time on your show as I do in my movies.  How is that healthy for a performer?
66) 18) dialog: (from TV) Because, you have to understand, Frank, these interviews -- none of this is real.  Who I am on screen and who I really am are two totally different people.
66) 22) dialog: That's a good question. (beat) As Nietzsche said, "Whenever a man strives long and hard to appear someone else..."
68) 4) dialog: I'd rather not discuss my private life. (gently) But Viktor and I are inseparable.
69) 5) dialog: (from TV) I literally wouldn't be here today without him.
70) 4) text: Viktor notices, quickly withdrawing his finger -- his startled expression instantly imitated by Simone.
70) 6) dialog: No, I'm okay.
71) 4) dialog: Sure.  Where would you like to start?
71) 8) dialog: Nudity has just never been an issue for me, Frank.  For me, clothes are just an option.
71) 12) dialog: (unable to resist a smile) I suppose the thing I like most about the movies I'm in is that they're not about special effects.
72) 4) text: The pixels that form SIMONE start to break up.  Curiously is only Simone and not the background that is disintegrat
74) 3) dialog: Thank... YOU, FRANK.
74) 5) text: VIKTOR slumps over his computer in exhaustion.  Since SIM is still synced to his movements, the partially de-pixela Simone also slumps.
74) 8) dialog: Hel--
76) 1) text: VIKTOR watches SIMONE on screen.  He is unusually anxious
76) 2) text: As usual SIMONE is wearing a skimpy, provocative outfit a she awaits instructions on the screen.  For some reason Viktor becomes irritated by the image.
77) 6) text: Max holds a video print of SIMONE giving her FRANK BRAND interview.  He compares her desert location to the one in front of him.
78) 1) text: VIKTOR has transformed his soundstage into a one-man publicity machine.  The floor is littered with photograph SIMONE in various states of dress and undress.
78) 5) text: Viktor calls up a "DANCE OPTION".  Choosing from a HULA DANCER, a BELLY DANCER and a CLASSICAL BALLERINA, he remo Simone's head and places it on the body of the ballerina. She begins to dance for him.
78) 6) text: He uses a program to construct childhood photographs of SIMONE and other childhood memorabilia.
78) 7) text: He employs backgrounds from numerous on-line library sour With a quick cut and paste he is able to place Simone on beach in San Tropez or a bicycle factory in Calcutta.
79) 1) text: ELAINE watches TV in her office.  She cannot change chann without finding Simone sitting in a chair giving generic answers.
80) 2) dialog: I think "Eternity Forever" is my finest work.
80) 4) dialog: I'm most proud of my work in "Eternity Forever".
80) 6) dialog: I think people are going to love "Eternity Forever".
81) 1) text: VIKTOR inspects a cut-out photograph of Simone in "ETERNI FOREVER" costume.  He speaks to the photo.
82) 1) text: The photograph of Simone is emblazoned on a fast food dri cup -- a pyramid of cups promoting "ETERNITY FOREVER" Hap Meals.  Beneath the plastic pyramid is a SIMONE action fi in a convertible.
83) 6) text: The trade papers sit on the coffee table in front of VIKT who reclines on a leather sofa, watching TV, gazing lovin at Simone.
84) 2) dialog: Of course, being a movie star is wonderful, but I have so many other ways I want to express myself --
85) 2) text: "SIMONE'S FAVORITE SOUTHERN RECIPES"
85) 3) text: "HUMAN:KIND - The POETRY of SIMONE"
86) 1) text: A banner in a window reads.  "In Stock: SIMONE'S EASY-WEA FASHION".  Mannequins model the clothes.
88) 1) text: VIKTOR, wearing headphones, records his composite pop son As usual when he sings into his microphone, Simone also sings.  The catchy song is titled: "(If You Can't Believe Yourself) Believe In Me".
89) 1) text: The video for SIMONE's song plays on the video wall insid the record store.  TEENAGE GIRLS, buying CD's, dance adoringly in front of the screen, unaware that they are gyrating to the vocals of a middle-aged man.
90) 1) text: CLOSE UP on the name "SIMONE" painted on the stern of a luxury yacht.
90) 2) text: VIKTOR is at the helm, breathing in the clean air -- at l a moment to savor his success.  Simone's hit single plays the yacht's stereo.  He looks at peace.
91) 1) text: A TOURIST has his arm around SIMONE, having his photograp taken.  However, we discover that the Simone is only a lifesize cardboard cutout used by a STREET VENDOR to sell snapshots.  He also has cardboard cutouts of the POPE and ELVIS.
91) 52) text: The breeze whips the photos of SIMONE out of Max's hands into the sea.
92) 14) text: Viktor hands each man a headshot of SIMONE signed with a kiss.
93) 4) text: The door to the truck is marked, "SIMONE - Splendid Isola Tour.  NO ENTRY".
94) 5) text: SIMONE appears on the monitor.
94) 8) text: Simone's hair rapidly grows in a number of styles, eyelas grow and are trimmed, eyeshadow of various shades paints across the lids.
94) 11) text: Viktor tries several outfits on Simone -- the clothes appearing to fabricate themselves on her body.  He settle for the most provocative outfit.
97) 4) text: A spotlight falls on the solitary figure of Simone, stand alone on the stage with a guitar over her shoulder (the o accompaniment) -- dwarfed by the huge stage.  However, on closer inspection, the spotlight is actually a laser beam creating a hologram.  Clouds of smoke and strobe lighting the illusion.
97) 5) text: The only clear view of Simone for the audience is provide the enormous video screens on either side of the stage. CROWD stares up at the jumbotrons, blissfully unaware tha they are watching a pre-recorded event.  Some watch the e on portable TVs.
98) 3) dialog: (from on stage) I love you...
98) 6) dialog: ... L.A.
98) 9) dialog: It's great to be here.
99) 1) text: SIMONE -- her voice a seamless blend of several DIVAS -- begins to sing her hit song, "(If You Can't Believe In Yourself) Believe In Me".  A verse of the song is sung in perfect Spanish.
100) 1) text: A)  On a jumbotron in Tokyo SIMONE's concert plays LIVE.
100) 2) text: B)  On a TV set on a West African beach, children dance t SIMONE.
100) 3) text: C)  On a computer in a Bombay taxi, the driver and his passengers gyrate to SIMONE webcast.
101) 4) text: He snaps back to reality just in time to notice that the Simone hologram beam has wandered through her own microph stand.
103) 1) text: SIMONE finishes her final number.
103) 3) dialog: Good-night.  Never stop believing.
104) 2) text: S-I-M-O-N-E is spelt out on the bare chests of six TEENAG BOYS.  Other FANS wear "SIMONE - Splendid Isolation Tour" T-shirts and carry posters.  Several CONCERT GOERS speak TV NEWS CREW.
105) 1) text: The chanting crowd can be heard exiting.  VIKTOR, wearing lipstick is hastily signing a pile of souvenir programs w Simone's signature kiss.
107) 1) text: ELAINE paces back and forth in front of her TV showing re runs of the SIMONE concert.  KENT cannot take his eyes of the screen.
109) 5) dialog: Hello, is this Elaine?
109) 9) dialog: Well, here I am. (beat) You look pretty today.  Red suits you.
109) 13) dialog: Right beside you.  I borrowed Viktor's car.
109) 14) text: Elaine looks to the inside lane.  SIMONE, wearing sunglas phone to her ear, drives alongside.  Simone waves, somewh mechanically.  Elaine waves back.  They keep driving as t talk.
110) 1) text: The sunglasses-clad SIMONE is a mannequin, seated in the driver's seat with her left hand on the phone obscuring h mouth, right hand attached to the steering wheel.
110) 2) text: Seat fully-reclined on the passenger side, VIKTOR drives car by stretching a foot across to the pedals and steerin with one hand, occasionally sneaking a glance to the road ahead.  He speaks on a phone through the Simone synthesiz
110) 4) dialog: I'd love to stop somewhere but I'm late.  I'm on my way to see Viktor now.
110) 8) dialog: I can't imagine how you ever let a man like that go.  I owe Viktor everything.
110) 12) dialog: I want to reassure you, Elaine, there's absolutely nothing going on between Viktor and I.
110) 16) dialog: (breaking character) I'm not -- (correcting himself) He's not.
110) 21) dialog: Damn -- (struggling to stay in her/his lane) Yes -- I -- (regaining control) -- I'm just a little tired.  Listen, Elaine, Viktor and I -- it's strictly a working relationship.  We could never be anything else.  We're just so... different.
110) 25) dialog: It sounds like you still have feelings for him.
110) 29) dialog: I don't know how many times I have to say this, Elaine, but Viktor and I are not in love. (joking weakly) I only make love to the camera.
110) 34) dialog: Christ -- (still struggling to stay on the road) Elaine, I know how it looks but... (blurting it out) ... it would mean a lot to Viktor if you'd go with him to the Oscars.  If you won't do it for him, please do it for me.
110) 38) dialog: (sigh of relief) Thanks.  This is my exit so, I --
110) 42) dialog: Good-bye.
111) 1) text: VIKTOR anxiously watches a HIGHWAY PATROLMAN writing up t fender-bender.  However, the Patrolman is more interested the Simone mannequin.
112) 1) text: VIKTOR, in his tuxedo, sits in the front row of the packe auditorium beside an empty seat -- "RESERVED for SIMONE". ELAINE and LAINEY sit alongside -- LOTUS and MAC nearby.
112) 20) text: SIMONE sits in a director's chair in the desolate wastela location chosen by Viktor.
112) 22) dialog: Thank you!  Thank you!  This means so much to me.  I'm just sorry I can't be there with you. (wiping away a tear) First off I have to acknowledge my fellow nominees -- I don't even feel I belong in the best actress category let alone with these... wonderful human beings. (composing herself) I also have to thank my co-stars, the studio, of course.  But most of all, I have to thank the audience for supporting what I do -- you're the only reason I'm here.
112) 31) text: Viktor glances to the "Simone" sign beside him.  The bloo drains from his face.
113) 1) text: On the monitor, SIMONE reads the forgotten line from the speech.
113) 3) dialog: ... And of course I must thank my collaborator, Viktor Taransky, without whom none of this would be possible.
113) 4) text: VIKTOR, still in his tuxedo, stares at SIMONE on the scre He holds the text of Simone's acceptance speech in his ha
113) 7) text: Simone stares back at him blankly.
113) 8) text: A copy of VARIETY is slid under the soundstage door.  The front page headline, "NO THANK YOU - Simone Snubs Taransk Oscars".
115) 13) text: Max produces a shot of SIMONE at the Oscars and holds it front of the old lady.
116) 1) text: VIKTOR escorts LAINEY, blindfolded, around the corner of soundstage.  He removes the blindfold.  From Lainey's poi of-view we see the sportscar Simone drove in "ETERNITY FOREVER" -- the car tied with a bow.
116) 26) text: INT.  SIMONE &amp; VIKTOR'S OFFICE - DAY
116) 33) text: Viktor offers Nicola a seat, staring at her as if he has never truly looked at her before -- she has a quality of Simone.
117) 1) text: The front page of "Variety" is dominated by a large photograph of SIMONE giving her acceptance speech via satellite.  However, ELAINE is gazing at a small inset picture of VIKTOR, HERSELF and LAINEY arriving at the Osc Ceremony.
119) 1) text: While the ever-seductive SIMONE waits patiently on-screen Viktor's instructions, VIKTOR is gazing at the smaller monitor -- the home video of ELAINE.
119) 3) text: Viktor electronically cuts out Elaine's mannerism and mor it into Simone.  Now Simone blows the kiss and has the sa dazzling smile.
119) 4) text: INT.  SIMONE &amp; VIKTOR'S OFFICE - DAY
119) 5) text: At her desk, JANE is busy trying to mimic Simone's hairst as she talks on the phone.
121) 1) text: A hung-over VIKTOR enters his office.  Suddenly, he stops confronts the standee of SIMONE.
122) 1) text: VIKTOR sits in front of his monitor, smiling venomously a SIMONE.  He begins to digitally disrobe Simone.
122) 6) text: B)  The ECHO headline screams, "SIMONE'S HARD CORE PAST" shows censored film frames of a naked Simone in a compromising position.
122) 20) text: ON SCREEN, we hear a farmyard scene -- SIMONE in an empty farmyard on all fours, grunting like a pig, and foraging for muddy vegetables.
122) 22) text: Viktor, enraged, exits into the lobby past the poster for "I AM PIG - Starring Simone".
122) 26) text: E)  In his soundstage, VIKTOR moves a slider that adds wrinkles to Simone.
122) 27) text: F)  SIMONE appears on a morning talk show -- as usual, re on a TV screen.  However, her squeaky-clean image has gone -- hair unkempt, bloated, chain-smoking and drinking during the interview.  The HOSTS are smiling weakly.
122) 31) dialog: I just think all elementary schools should have a firing range -- so students can learn how to defend themselves.  We could fit it inbetween recess and American History.
122) 34) dialog: If there's a hole in the ozone layer why can't I see it?
122) 37) dialog: Immigration?!  God, isn't it crowded enough?!
122) 40) text: G)  VIKTOR driving along a city street, suddenly slams on brakes, almost causing an accident.  He stares numbly up at a twenty-foot high smiling photo of Simone on a billboard featuring a huge cover of TIME MAGAZINE.  It reads, "SIMONE: WOMAN OF THE YEAR".
124) 1) text: A sad but resolute VIKTOR sits in front of his monitor, SIMONE's face full screen.
124) 2) text: He speaks into the voice synthesizer, Simone's face automatically speaking the words he speaks -- the final t he puts his words in her mouth.
124) 4) dialog: What's the matter, Viktor?  You look so sad.  Don't you love me anymore?... It's over, isn't it?
124) 8) text: On the screen, Simone is on the verge of tears.
124) 12) text: Viktor sees that Simone is crying.  He touches a tear on own face and realizes her tears are in response to his ow
124) 13) text: Viktor hesitates -- a moment of doubt -- then presses "ENTER".  The image of SIMONE's face gradually begins to deconstruct -- pixel by pixel -- as the virus takes hold. The pixels collect into a pile at the bottom of his scree like dust.  Finally, the dust is blown away in a single digital breath.
124) 16) text: He tosses this disc into a steamer trunk he has loaded wi hundreds of discs relating to Simone's software.  He shut the lid and begins dragging the trunk towards the door.
125) 1) text: Viktor's yacht sits at anchor in the glassy waters of San Monica Bay -- "SIMONE" written on the stern.
126) 21) text: D)  In a remote Mongolian encampment MONGOL HORSEMEN crow around a television showing a live picture of Simone's funeral.
126) 22) text: E)  The HEARSE carrying Simone's "body" and the funeral procession led solemnly by VIKTOR, proceeds through the studio lot.  Distraught STUDIO STAFF toss flowers onto the hearse.
127) 2) text: Simone's coffin is ferried across a bridge by PALLBEARERS from the studio.  Numerous MOURNERS follow behind.
127) 9) text: A SECOND POLICE OFFICER begins to jimmy open the lid.  Th coffin lid is pulled back.  Inside is a life-sized cardbo standee of Simone from "ETERNITY FOREVER".
129) 1) text: VIKTOR sits in an interrogation room in a sea of SIMONE.  Magazine covers, cosmetics advertisements, publicity shot interviews, website print-outs, photographs and report ca from her fictitious childhood are plastered on the walls, stacks of film cans and tapes of her numerous movie and television appearances.
131) 10) text: "SIMONE"S BODY FEARED EATEN BY SHARKS"
138) 1) text: FRANK BRAND conducts a remote interview with SIMONE who appears as usual on a television monitor.
138) 5) dialog: Frank, you know as well as I do, living in a fish bowl, the insatiable appetite of the media...
138) 8) dialog: With everything that was going on in my life, I just needed to drop out of sight for a while -- I needed time.  Viktor bought me that time.  I owe him so much.
138) 12) dialog: (smiles coyly) That's true.  I can reveal that I am considering a career in politics.
138) 15) text: SIMONE holds up a beautiful BABY BOY to camera.
138) 17) dialog: I suppose this little man had something to do with it.  Viktor and I are both concerned about what kind of world our new son, Chip, is going to grow up in. (turning lovingly to Viktor) Aren't you, Viktor?