13) 4) text: Finally, out of the fog -- a young woman in a black cape hood, her back to us.  The camera pushes in, music swells she turns.  SIMONE.  She is exquisitely, ethereally beautiful.  Perfect.
39) 1) text: VIKTOR removes his own garbage from his soundstage.  A yo cleaning woman, VIVIAN, wheeling a janitor's cart, tentatively approaches.
44) 1) text: VIKTOR stands at the rear entrance of the hotel with a le YOUNG WOMAN wearing a coat over her head.  A HOTEL DOORMA keeps back the growing horde of REPORTERS.
44) 2) text: Viktor's limousine waits at the curb.  The coated woman starts towards the car but Viktor holds her back.
44) 5) text: Viktor and the young woman run the gauntlet to the car, providing a perfect albeit restricted photo-op for the paparazzi.
47) 1) text: VIKTOR and the COATED WOMAN have finally left the PAPARAZ in their wake.  Viktor gently removes the coat from over head.
47) 2) text: Although the woman is impossible beautiful, she is not Simone.  FAITH is Simone's latest stand-in and decoy.  Vi and Faith are still pressed together against one side of limousine.
53) 9) text: Viktor picks up a drink from the bar.  A DRUNK WOMAN, per unsteadily on a nearby barstool, is knocking back Jack Daniels.  She accidentally brushes one of her discarded glasses off the bar.  Viktor catches it.
53) 34) text: Far across the party, a WOMAN, with a Simone-type hairsty her back to us, is standing at the edge of a fountain.
53) 57) dialog: Simone!
53) 59) text: Back at the bar, the BARMAN, autograph book in hand, dese his station.  Viktor is left alone with the drunk woman.
115) 1) text: VIKTOR also spies an OLD WOMAN in a wheelchair sitting be the car, MILTON closeby.  Viktor stops at the gate and reluctantly exits his car.
115) 6) text: The old woman appears drugged, stares into space.
122) 9) dialog: Disgusting...
122) 11) dialog: (sympathetic) She must have been so desperate to do something like that, so depraved.
122) 13) dialog: I'm still naming my baby after her.
122) 15) dialog: You're having a boy.
122) 17) dialog: So?
122) 40) text: G)  VIKTOR driving along a city street, suddenly slams on brakes, almost causing an accident.  He stares numbly up at a twenty-foot high smiling photo of Simone on a billboard featuring a huge cover of TIME MAGAZINE.  It reads, "SIMONE: WOMAN OF THE YEAR".
129) 21) text: The Detective raises a window-blind to reveal a next door room where the OLD WOMAN from the rest home is being interviewed.
129) 24) text: The OLD WOMAN glances up and sees all the photos of Simon through the window.
139) 1) text: Only we see the set where the interview is being recorded VIKTOR is sitting on a sofa against a green screen in his soundstage, smiling at a woman and child who are not ther he is alone.