4) 0) text: The improvised field hospital swarms with DOCTORS treatin the CASUALTIES of the attack. The gunner from the news footage, MAKO MORI (22), sits catatonic, her arm in a sling. Her hair hugs her face ina helmet-like Chinese bob. She has firm and quiet bearing. A man in uniform spots her. STACKER PENTECOST, a black Br with a face that is at all times the very picture of confident serenity. He tries to get her attention. (NOTE: Hereafter, italicized dialogue indicates "spoken Japanese with English subtitles.")
4) 2) dialog: How's the Jaeger?
4) 4) text: PENTECOST (CONT’D) Aki was a hero, Mako. He saved the city. He saved your life. She doesn't react. PENTECOST (CONT’D) You can go now. You know that, right? You don't have to stay. Slowly, she turns to him.
4) 5) dialog: Where can I go? My Jaeger is broken. My winger is gone. What am I now? Who am I? EXT. JAEGER-MEISTER’S BAR & GRILL -- NIGHT A dive bar fronting a small, gravel parking lot off a dar seaside highway -- an island of neon in the night. SUPER: Jaeger-Meister's Bar & Grill -- Port Hueneme, California
15) 0) text: Mako towels off her sweat, numb and weary. Her slim frame might seem girlish in street attire, but her sports bra a shorts utterly fail to hide her long, taut ninja's physiq (CONTINUED)
15) 4) dialog: I volunteered. There's like three other loners in the world and none of them give a shit about Tokyo. It's my hometown. I signed up as soon as I heard they were looking. She changes into casual attire as Kaori gets into her gym clothes, eying her with friendly concern.
15) 6) dialog: It's been two weeks. I passed the psych evaluation.
15) 8) dialog: You know what the worst part is? The silence. You don't even remember what silence is until it comes flooding back. A long moment. Finally Mako looks up at Kaori. She shuts locker and sits on the dressing bench. A deep breath.
15) 9) dialog: The American's here?
15) 11) dialog: What's he like?
17) 22) dialog: Is that the American? Raleigh and Pentecost turn to find Mako standing on a cat above. She leans on the rail, warily scrutinizing Raleigh Pentecost answers in Japanese. (CONTINUED)
17) 27) dialog: Is he talking to me, Sensei?
17) 29) dialog: Would it make any difference what I said to him, Sensei? Pentecost sighs. He has no response. Mako gapes at him, astonished by the implications of this oversight.
17) 30) dialog: What are we even doing here? Pentecost is at a loss. Mako turns and speeds away. Ralei stares into the empty space where Mako had just been standing, daunted by the realization --
19) 0) text: A high atrium-ceiling over a gleaming hardwood floor, pai with a deep scarlet circle throwing red slashes out acros the pale brown planks, evoking Japan's "rising sun" emble On the circle, Raleigh and Mako stand opposite one anothe their standard-issue track suits as Pentecost muses, alternating between English and subtitled Japanese. (CONTINUED)
19) 10) dialog: What's wrong with you? Did I look like I was ready?
19) 13) dialog: This isn't working, Sensei. Wash- out cadets have more chemistry. What else can be done?
20) 0) text: Mako sits on a bench overlooking the water, staring at Tokyo's glittering skyline across the harbor. Raleigh staggers up, holding an ice pack to his eye. She only glances as he sits beside her, quickly turning b to the skyline before her guilt runs away with her.
20) 2) dialog: I keep telling myself to try harder, but I've never had to try. It just worked... It's not like Aki and I were kin or lovers. (He had a bit of a crush on Duc actually.) (beat) (MORE ) (CONTINUED)
20) 5) dialog: He was just the neighbor's kid -- until one day I turned around and he was the only friend I'd known my whole life... I never had to try. Raleigh pulls the ice pack off his eye and Mako finally t to him, grimly astonished to see the shiner she left him.
20) 7) dialog: (laughing) Holy shit, we are going to die.
38) 0) text: Mako's pod looks basically identical to Raleigh's. She listens as Pentecost repeats Raleigh in Japanese.
40) 0) text: Mako's arm does the same -- a sympathetic reflex.
42) 0) text: Mako watches the monster in her IMAX-HUD... SLATTERN boasts a shape like an armless carnosaur: a thic serpentine body on mighty raptorial legs. A head vaguely a moray eel. A long tail, barbed at the end. It draws patient predatory circles around us, lean and powerful as a panther, scales shifting between jet black iridescent blue in the fog-stifled light. (CONTINUED)
43) 0) text: (NOTE: This happens in the Pons headspace, DRIFTS -- memo or dreamlike figments shared between two Jaeger operators They unfold in their own time, though they occur at the s of thought. Drifts should look urgently different from "r world" action: blown-out colors and/or lomographic blurs. Mako, just as we saw her in the newscast at the beginning trying to wrestle past the men pulling her from her eject conn-pod, desperately reaching for the wrecked Jaeger. The sounds of a radio exchange overlay the imagery.
43) 1) dialog: Containment breach! Core critical!
43) 3) dialog: I'm not leaving you!
45) 1) dialog: Don't patronize me.
46) 3) dialog: Ready.
49) 0) text: Mako shouts at him in furious Japanese. We hear Pentecost translate for Raleigh, in a much cooler tone.
51) 5) dialog: We're going to die.
55) 0) text: On the wraparound projection, we see Slattern standing ri on top of us, his barbed tail jabbing down like a scorpio until the whole IMAX view flickers to static. Red lights flash. ALARMS go off. Mako lets her head fall back, strangely more frustrated than terrified.
62) 0) text: Raleigh and Mako gape at Pentecost as he sets up a turnta
62) 2) dialog: What?
62) 5) dialog: I have crewed a Jaeger! --
62) 14) dialog: Sensei, please. This is humiliating. A first-week recruit doesn't have to play these games.
63) 14) dialog: The silence... That's the worst. -- Silent, slow motion. Tortuga charges Coyote Tango, plo up an angry foam that hangs in the air.
63) 15) dialog: You don't remember what silence is until it comes flooding back. -- Tortuga opens his three-part beak and from his throat harpoon-sharp tongue launches like a viper to stab deep i the Jaeger's mechanical chest.
65) 0) text: Raleigh finds Mako alone in the training hall, dancing by herself, as if with an invisible partner. She looks up from the footsteps on the floor and sees Raleigh. She speaks perfect English...
65) 1) dialog: We should practice the steps. We'll be tested soon. Raleigh replies in subtitled Japanese. Nevertheless, they seem to comprehend each other. (CONTINUED)
65) 5) dialog: That's not cheating. That's just depending on someone. She reaches out her hand.
65) 6) dialog: Dance with me. Raleigh takes her hand and the music swells, not Siouxsie deep BASE PULSING like a heart. SIREN VOICES trace strange Japanese harmonies, chased by PERCUSSIVE PLUCKING of a shamisen (an old Japanese lute). Dreamy and sharp; a tense, sensual rhythm. They hold each other, as if waltzing, but without seeing their feet it seems as if the room is spinning around the
65) 8) dialog: We should be closer.
65) 10) dialog: Is that too close? He shakes his head as the dojo spins and finally becomes
65) 13) dialog: We'll be ready. (CONTINUED)
67) 0) text: Mako jolts up, holding her chest as she catches her breat
67) 1) dialog: Raleigh sits on the edge of his bed, planting his feet on floor, wondering -- Was that both of us or just me? He glances up at his door as if expecting a knock. Mako sits in bed, taking stock of the dream. Raleigh gets out of bed and heads for his door. Mako presses her eye to her peephole. Raleigh opens his door to find Mako's door closed. Mako watches him through her peephole. Raleigh lifts his knuckles, about to knock on Mako's door Mako can't help but smile to herself as she watches him pause, just inches away. Raleigh stops. He rethinks it and finally folds his arms. Unsure of what he might say. He turns back to his room. His indecision teases a snicker from Mako's growing smile small sound, but Raleigh stops mid-step, and she quickly stifles her amusement - Did he hear that? Raleigh glances over his shoulder to take one last look a Mako's door - He thought he heard something. He waits and finally retreats to his room. Mako rests her back against the door.
75) 0) text: Raleigh bursts out into the hall just as Mako pokes her h out a few doors down. They exchange a deeply stunned look Holy shit, that's us... Without exchanging a single word, they both scramble down hall as the KLAXONS blare.
76) 0) text: Mako and Raleigh quickly undress, much too anxious to be bashful or titillated. Mako mumbles to herself.
76) 1) dialog: We can do this. We've trained for this. You trust me, I think. They pull on their drivesuits: single-piece, form-fitting neoprene jumpsuits laced with intricate webs of fiber opt and studded with an array of data ports.
76) 2) dialog: I trust you. Raleigh turns. To him (and to us), she just spoke English
76) 4) dialog: What? What's wrong?
77) 19) dialog: -- Yes, Sensei.
77) 21) dialog: Thank you, Sensei. Thank you, Sensei. They both strap on their helmets and give the signal. The canopy on the conn-pods slides closed, sealing them in th self-contained control capsules. The loading arms CLATTER up the tower, hoisting the conn- up to their loading positions on the Jaeger. The lower arm swings to deposit Mako's pod on the Jaeger' spine, which hangs out like a ramp to draw the pod inside torso before closing over it. The armor BUCKLES shut.
78) 0) text: Without the display activated, the cockpit is cramped and dark. Mako shuts her eyes and breathes deep as she feels pod SHUDDER and LOCK into place.
83) 0) text: Pentecost puts an earpiece in his ear as he enters and quickly moves to stand over the communications console. At the console, two DISPATCHERS (one English; one Japanes and two PROXIES. Proxy-1 explains their role to Mako in Japanese as Proxy-2 explains in English for Raleigh.
84) 0) text: Mako shakes her head, suddenly daunted by the lunacy of trying to drive a Jaeger like this.
84) 1) dialog: Copy, Proxy-l... (laughing grimly) If we get out of this alive --
92) 0) text: The tension in the command center spikes as they witness kaiju's astonishing speed. We hear Mako's Japanese on the radio a few seconds before the Proxy starts to translate.
94) 0) text: Mako curses in Japanese as Invidia slips away.
97) 1) dialog: LOCCENT, I need a bird's eye from one of the V-50s. An aerial view of the battle area opens up on her wraparo display. On it, she spots Invidia coming to a position ju behind the Jaeger, preparing to pounce.
97) 2) dialog: Raleigh, she's on our six! On the aerial, Invidia lunges for the Jaeger's back, her mantid arms open for the kill.
97) 3) dialog: Incoming! Get down! Down! Down! 64.
98) 0) text: Raleigh hears Mako's frantic Japanese and feels her anxie unnerved by the translation delay.
100) 2) dialog: Silence...
100) 4) dialog: Comes flooding back...
100) 6) dialog: I've never had to try before...
101) 1) dialog: I don't know how...
101) 3) dialog: I don't know what to do...
102) 0) text: Young Mako stands at the tall windows, watching Trespasse rampage. She looks over her shoulder to Raleigh.
103) 0) text: Mako's eyes shoot open with urgent clarity... and when sh speaks, it sounds like English to us.
103) 1) dialog: Raleigh, I need you to --
104) 1) dialog: 
106) 2) dialog: The wings are too thin. I think we can burn them and --
108) 0) text: The control room listens, amazed. To their ears, Mako spe frenzied Japanese and Raleigh replies in English.
109) 2) dialog: Hit me. Gipsy Danger raises her left arm and trains the long, arm mounted cannon on Invidia.
110) 0) text: Mako focuses on her wraparound vista, willing the driftin targeting pipper to LOCK onto Invidia.
112) 1) dialog: Raleigh. Raleigh.
113) 0) text: Raleigh and Mako dance alone on the dojo floor. Raleigh stares past Mako, into space. (CONTINUED)
113) 4) dialog: Look at me. His eyes lower and focus on her. She smiles.
113) 5) dialog: We got this. You know why?
114) 0) text: Invidia now fills the wraparound display, charging in wha Mako and Raleigh perceive to be ultra slow motion. We hea their telepathic dialogue continues --
114) 2) dialog: It's my favorite, Raleigh -- the Mark 1 has a sword. Isn't that just the coolest thing? A grin of realization slowly crosses Raleigh's face.
117) 0) text: Gipsy Danger stands by her docking tower. The loading arm bring the conn-pods down as a crowd of riotously APPLAUDI PERSONNEL starts to swarm around the Jaeger. The canopy of Raleigh's conn-pod opens, he's on his feet, disconnecting his driveskin. He sees Mako's canopy open and points to her, shouting ov the jubilant noise.
117) 2) dialog: Yeah! Can you understand me?
118) 8) dialog: Oh. No, I don't.
118) 18) dialog: She said -- she had to -- go down there for some reason... They beam at each other across the table, giddy and shy, a pair of school-kids. Duc's voice spills from the sound system as he gets the m
118) 22) dialog: You didn't.
118) 28) dialog: It's really loud... I'm thinking about heading back to base.
118) 29) dialog: 
118) 31) dialog: I feel like now that we can talk --
118) 33) dialog: Yeah, we can talk on the train.
119) 0) text: Raleigh and Mako come down the empty hall (everyone still partying). Raleigh glances down at his watch.
119) 2) dialog: I'm not that tired. Maybe I'll brush up on my English.
119) 4) dialog: Yeah? How's that going?
119) 6) dialog: Well I'm --
119) 8) dialog: Hey Raleigh? Sweet dreams. (CONTINUED)
119) 12) dialog: Sorry. I couldn't resist. It's cool. Really. I barely remember it.
119) 14) dialog: Who can remember a dream? Do you?
119) 17) dialog: Well... Goodnight, Raleigh. Finally she backs into her room and starts to close her d Raleigh does likewise.
121) 0) text: Mako opens her door just as Raleigh opens his. They both chuckle awkwardly as they stare at one another across the hall, a thought on the tip of their tongues, unsure of how to phrase it. Simultaneously, they realize there's no point in trying t phrase it, and they let themselves collide in the middle the hallway, kissing hungrily. Without breaking Mako backs Raleigh into his room and kic the door closed behind her. 74.
145) 0) text: A futuristic riverfront skyline, crowded with record-smas supertall skyscrapers, all blazing with neon color. Gipsy Danger stands in the street, poised to fight an oncoming kaiju -- as if in a neon jungle, the titanic pai dwarfed by Pudong’s orbed spires and stark, glass edifi Kaiju OOLONG, a chitinous crab-like dragon with black exoskeletal armor and giant pincers. The behemoth hauls itself up the wide freeway on the tips of its huge crab- claws, reminiscent of a knuckle-walking gorilla. Gipsy Danger lifts her arm. The armor opens to expose a r of electrical transformers. Without cutting to the conn-p we hear Raleigh and Mako's radio traffic.
145) 2) dialog: Let’s feed him some thunder. (CONTINUED)
145) 5) dialog: Damnit! Weapons short!
146) 9) dialog: You go on. Save me a spot in line. He goes. She lingers, ringing her hands as she waits for Pentecost to look up from his clipboard. She finally spea
146) 10) dialog: Sensei. You should know... Raleigh and I have been -- Pentecost answers brusquely without looking up.
146) 12) dialog: Yes, Sensei. Sorry. She starts out, embarrassed. Pentecost sighs.
146) 14) dialog: Thank you, Sensei. (CONTINUED)
146) 18) dialog: I am, yes.
146) 20) dialog: Should we be doing this?
146) 22) dialog: Ah, like maybe we have to do this.
146) 24) dialog: Back at Kodiak, most of the teams that were sleeping together washed out in the first round...
146) 26) dialog: It can get complicated. Even for normal people... Raleigh’s mind wanders. His eyes look past Mako and we the drifting voices of his memory.
146) 31) dialog: (kind) Raleigh... Stop. You did all you could. He was your brother. You couldn’t not...
147) 3) dialog: That’s not how reflexes work.
147) 5) dialog: There’s a part of us that wants to care about other people...
148) 1) dialog: And in times of crisis, for some people, that part takes over. It just sweeps all the petty crap away and grabs the wheel...
153) 3) dialog: Because it's the part that hurts when you can't.
156) 5) dialog: You did all you could, Raleigh. You loved him. He pulls his hands from his face and sits in the dark, thinking. Mako just watches.
162) 0) text: Raleigh meets up with Mako, who's already watching from t back of the bustling control room.
162) 3) dialog: Fourth... They killed the third.
170) 6) dialog: I've never even heard of back-to- back simulations without someone going into nuerogenic shock. Takada paces, his impatience mounting.
182) 0) text: Mako wears a grim look.
182) 1) dialog: Osaka...
182) 3) dialog: I was born to handle this.
184) 0) text: A burst of movement on the street below draws Mako's attention from Tacit Ronin's struggle. Fulcrum's head wriggles with an angry spark of life. (CONTINUED)
184) 3) dialog: Raleigh! The head!
187) 2) dialog: Jesus. They need seven V-50's just to get that thing off the ground...
188) 0) text: Mako and Raleigh sit on a knoll overlooking Tokyo Bay.
188) 2) dialog: Tour group. (CONTINUED)
188) 6) dialog: Not yet. She glances over her shoulder as the group wanders by, shedding a straggler Mako recognizes from Raleigh's drift
188) 7) dialog: Raleigh... He turns to see Flick, holding a nervous distance of seve paces. Newt lingers behind her. Raleigh's eyes ask the obvious -- "Have you found it?" Flick nods.
190) 0) text: In the seats, the ranking officers on-site: Mako, Raleigh Duc, Kaori, Pentecost, and Takada -- and COSDEC civilian leaders: Secretary Lethbridge and Undersecretary Jiao. Newt stands at the front, manipulating a projection of th Interstice's internal structure. (CONTINUED)
191) 0) text: At the end of the hall, Raleigh and Mako face one another holding hands. Raleigh speaks; Mako nods; we don't hear t conversation. We're with Pentecost and Takada, watching.
192) 0) text: Quiet, empty. The two Jaegers standing in the moonlight. On top of Gipsy Danger, we find Raleigh and Mako lying si by side, looking up at the crescent moon and universe of stars beyond the dome's open roof.
192) 1) dialog: I've never been someone to think about the future. Not since Osaka. It always seemed like I died there. (beat) There's so much we haven't seen. I wanted you to show me the Big Sur. The fog and the cliffs.
192) 3) dialog: Oh, the leaves... They're so red. can't even tell you.
192) 5) dialog: Just weeks ago I wouldn't have cared to leave it all behind.
192) 7) dialog: It has to be someone who loves the world enough to want to be in it. I can't make someone else -- She turns to face Raleigh, tears in her eyes.
192) 8) dialog: I think it does have to be us... What do you think?
193) 0) text: Mako pulls on her drivesuit and turns for Raleigh to zip up. He plants a kiss on the nape of her neck, before slow pulling the zipper up. No kaiju; no rush.
193) 2) dialog: I don't, actually. Raleigh pulls the torso of his drivesuit up to thread his arms through the sleeves. Mako zips him up.
193) 3) dialog: Not every miracle happens -- (CONTINUED)
194) 0) text: Everyone on the floor watches as Raleigh and Mako cross towards Gypsy Danger, helmets tucked under their arms. They spot their sister crew, Duc and Kaori, watching from mezzanine level. They salute one another.
205) 0) text: Mako tries to keep her cool.
205) 1) dialog: They can handle it...
211) 0) text: The free-fall lifts Mako against her harness.
221) 0) text: On her HUD map, Mako spots a bogey rising to intercept.
221) 1) dialog: Raleigh! Incoming!
236) 0) text: Mako winces as she struggles against the Kaijus.
236) 1) dialog: There's too many!
236) 3) dialog: They're going to tear us apart!
237) 0) text: Mako stands in the dark hall with her sparring stick. Wil eyed and dripping with sweat, she fights an endless host face-less, black-clad ENEMIES closing in on her. (CONTINUED)
237) 3) dialog: We can't fight them! A hand catches her stick. She whirls about to find Raleig The Enemies are gone. It's just the two of them.
248) 0) text: Empty, quiet, and peaceful. Raleigh and Mako dance on the hardwood floor. They hold one another, their eyes locked.
249) 0) text: The shattered windows come back together as the shock wav lifts Young Mako off the floor, and the roar retreats, go back into Trespasser's jaws.
252) 1) dialog: Whatever happens. This was our choice...
252) 3) dialog: For the world... It's time. They pull one another close and kiss.
254) 0) text: Mako does the same -- twisting the holographic dial and quickly reaching out to touch the flashing EJECT hologram 128.
260) 0) text: Near the ships, a conn-pod breaches in a fit of salt spra It rolls and finally settles. The canopy opens. Thick ste bleeds from the open pod. We can't see who it is. As the vapor quickly dissipate, we find Raleigh inside. H quickly unhooks himself and climbs out onto the pod. He shades his eyes and scans the horizon. He spots the re ships and keeps searching. He sees no sign of the second conn-pod. We slowly pull back across the water, back from the drift pod and the ships behind it. It seems final. Suddenly, in the foreground, the second conn-pod heaves u through the surface and settles to bob on the water. Raleigh plunges into the water and swims for the second p He climbs on as the canopy opens, spilling plumes of stea into the clear ocean air. He tries to claw the steam away Finally, he sees Mako tucked down in her cockpit, unbuckl her harness and yanking the cables from her drivesuit. She looks up and sees him. They laugh giddily, wiping tea from their eyes. She reaches up and lets him pull her out They linger atop the floating pod, holding tight to one another, not daring to let go. We pull back, letting the blue ocean unfurl under us. The ships slowly approach the embracing pair. They never let