0) 0) text: We're tight on a young man’s face -- his square jaw ten his short, dirty blond hair damp with sweat; his eyes foc and urgent. He’s RALEIGH ANTROBUS (23), a rare sort of We don't see much. It feels dark, cramped, and busy. Perh a cockpit. We're dimly aware of Raleigh's view reflected the glass visor of his helmet -- a flat, blue horizon.
0) 1) dialog: Stand by for confirmation...
0) 3) dialog: Look sharp, Yance! He’s getting up!
1) 0) text: Raleigh wakes on the couch (a year older). He unplugs a w from a port behind his ear and quickly sits up. His COUNSELOR, a calm man in uniform, unplugs his own wir disconnecting from the Pons brain-to-brain server. Raleigh perches anxiously on the edge of the couch. The Counselor gives him a second. Raleigh scratches the data discreetly embedded in the flesh behind his ear lobe.
1) 1) dialog: I need to get this damn thing taken out. I’m not a driver any more. (CONTINUED)
1) 4) dialog: Sharing headspace with my own brother was crowded enough. I don’t wanna make room for anyone else.
1) 6) dialog: No. Listen. I don’t want to relive that day. Okay? I want to bury it.
1) 8) dialog: I can tell you why -- because I’m helpless. And nothing you can say will ever change that...
2) 0) text: Raleigh passes the reception area on the way out. A handf of uniformed PERSONNEL are glued to the news on a wall- mounted tv. Raleigh stops. He can’t help himself. On the news, we see shots of toppled buildings, upturned cars, and splintered Japanese billboards. The label at th bottom of the screen tells us it’s Tokyo.
2) 2) text: In the chaotic rubble, we pull back from a "hill" that tu out to be the flank of some vast carcass, entrails spille across the fractured streets like sagging hot air balloon We see also the wreck of a heavily-armored, human-shaped -- a Jaeger. MEN drag the distraught GUNNER from the wrec young Asian girl in a form-fitting drivesuit (more later) CNN ANCHOR (FILTERED) (CONT’D) We're seeing the gunner now. And officials are confirming that tragically her crewmate, pilot Aki Seto, has died in the attack. Raleigh shakes himself from the grim news and promptly ex
5) 20) text: She grabs her stack of e-mails and gets out of the car. EXT. JAEGER-MEISTER’S BAR & GRILL -- CONTINUOUS Flick chases after Raleigh.
5) 23) dialog: I’m not going on the record, Flick.
5) 25) dialog: Oh? You’re not? You’ve finally given up that tired dead end story?
5) 27) dialog: I dunno, but the ocean floor is like five miles deep out there. It’s not the easiest place to know.
5) 29) dialog: Probably not, but it’s all rumors by the time it gets to us jocks. He gets to his car and unlocks the door. Flick drops her
5) 34) dialog: We shouldn’t be talking about this.
5) 36) dialog: I thought this wasn’t an interview. She relents; she knows why she really hunted him down.
5) 38) dialog: Exes?
5) 41) dialog: If Yance said it...
5) 43) dialog: Goddamn, Flick. Today of all days. (CONTINUED)
5) 46) dialog: He was my brother, Flick!
5) 48) dialog: You know how the Pons works? Two Jaeger pilots driving the rig with their brains, all those thoughts bleeding between them... Every time me and Yancy plugged in, I hada front row seat. All those intimate moments. I've walked in on you two more times than you even know. It was torture driving that Jaeger with him. Just torture. Flick stares at him, frozen, tears welling up in her eyes
5) 49) dialog: So you want me to tell you none of that colored my judgment; that I put it aside and did all I could? (pausing to reflect) Well, I'm sorry Flick, but I dunno... Probably not. Tears spill from her eyes. She can find no words. Finally she SLAPS him as hard as she can. He watches her storm back to her car. She throttles it ou the gravelly lot, ripping plumes of dust in her taillight
6) 0) text: Raleigh staggers into his small mobile home.
7) 0) text: Raleigh splashes water on his face and meets his reflecti in the small mirror, fractured as if by bare knuckles som fitful night not so long ago. He steels his cold expression and nods slowly -- Yes, this is who you are, Raleigh. (CONTINUED)
8) 0) text: Raleigh takes a deep breath before he opens the door to f a uniformed military officer on his doorstep, LIEUTENANT- COMMANDER ROSCOE CALHOUN. He gives Raleigh a familiar gri
9) 0) text: The mobile home overlooks the seaside strawberry fields o dark stretch of the PCH. Raleigh sits on the tailgate of old pickup as Calhoun smokes his cigarette. In the distance, the Point Mugu Air Station, where the silhouettes of the LA Strike Group's two Jaegers tower in ocean fog, waiting, red caution lights blinking placidly.
9) 2) dialog: And you think I know somebody? Calhoun knows Raleigh sees it coming, so he gets to it.
9) 4) dialog: The attacks are coming faster --
9) 6) dialog: You don't shoehorn two burnt-out leftovers into a Pons and call ita Jaeger crew if you're not expecting some new kind of trouble. (CONTINUED)
9) 10) dialog: Who's your other sucker?
9) 12) dialog: Not the girl from the news?
9) 14) dialog: I'm a mess and lost Yance over a year ago. She lost hers today...
9) 17) dialog: There’s things you just can’t fight. Acts of God or whatever. Like you see a hurricane coming, you just have to get out of the way, you know? But when you’re ina Jaeger, suddenly you can draw a line in the sand. You can fight the hurricane -- and you can win. Calhoun nods quietly, he gives Raleigh a moment. (CONTINUED)
9) 21) dialog: I never said I wouldn't do it. Calhoun turns and raises an eyebrow.
10) 0) text: Flick packs a suitcase, her eyes still red, her hands sti shaking slightly. She has to stop and take a seat at the edge of the bed. H eyes meet a frame on the wall. A VANITY FAIR cover: Raleigh and his brother in their pil gear, standing arms crossed before the silhouette their Jaeger, "HEART OF THE TANK: The Antrobus Bros. Reveal Wha Drives the Men Who Drive the Jaeger -- by Felicity Kincai Flick folds herself up on the bed beside the half-packed suitcase. She rests her head on the pillow and locks her eyes on the framed picture.
11) 0) text: A pool hemmed by sandstone boulders bristling with sage. man stands naked on the rocks, covered in blood. He falls Flick runs. But she doesn't catch him. She perches at the overhang, looking down. The man breaks surface and throws his head back, suddenly okay. The man is Yancy Antrobus, Raleigh's brother. We see the resemblance, but he's more carefree than his younger brot an assured soul with the charm of a barefoot troubadour. Wisps of red spread from him, turning the pool to blood.
14) 0) text: An SUV emblazoned with the COSDEC shield pulls up and let Raleigh out on the rolling, carefully-manicured lawn. He's cleaned up: groomed, shaved, and in uniform. He hois duffle bag over his shoulder and searches the UNIFORMS milling on the grass. A voice calls after him. (CONTINUED)
14) 4) dialog: Good to meet you, sir. He indicates for Raleigh to follow him.
14) 6) dialog: Due respect, sir, but I've been through training.
14) 8) dialog: Sir?
14) 10) dialog: It was my brother, sir.
14) 12) dialog: Yes sir.
16) 0) text: Pentecost leads Raleigh through an observation gallery overlooking a mission control center buzzing with OFFICER
16) 2) dialog: I thought that was him. Why's he running drills in LOCCENT?
17) 0) text: Pentecost leads Raleigh onto the mezzanine overlooking th main floor of the Jaeger launch bay. Below - the wide floor of the launch bay. Sunlight spills through the open top of the partial dome onto the mammoth machines and giant equipment needed to service the Jaeger The nearest Jaeger stands at its docking tower: A Mark-2 dubbed TACIT RONIN. Lean and nimble, his streamlined armo flecked with stark digital camo - steel blue on cool grey ultra-modern twenty-six story kickboxer.
17) 12) dialog: Hey, what did he mean "scrap heap?"
17) 16) dialog: (reverent) Gipsy Danger... GIPSY DANGER -- Less humanoid than the Mark-2, burlier, m bestial, with back-bending t-rex legs. A monster for the monsters. Armor mottled smoky green and charcoal, bearing proud scars of all the fights that failed to bring her do A dinosaurian gladiator; mighty, iconic.
17) 18) dialog: Are you kidding? I was fifteen. I knew all their names... Pentecost crosses his arms with a smirk as he watches Ral stagger closer, in an awed trance.
17) 19) dialog: This was LA's first Jaeger. This was the reason we got to sleep at night. The reason I am what I am. He lays his palm on the armor, and cranes his neck to mar at her history, blazed in decals like a soldier's tattoos US flag, a Bear Flag, the Rising Sun, the flag of Tokyo, retro nose-art -- a buxom gypsy pinup riding a bomb.
17) 20) dialog: I can't drive this. This is like Apollo. She's a monument. She should be in a museum.
17) 26) dialog: Hi. Good to meet you. Mako eyes him, and crosses her arms.
17) 31) dialog: She doesn't speak English... Pentecost sighs and throws Raleigh a wry, told-you-so gri
19) 0) text: A high atrium-ceiling over a gleaming hardwood floor, pai with a deep scarlet circle throwing red slashes out acros the pale brown planks, evoking Japan's "rising sun" emble On the circle, Raleigh and Mako stand opposite one anothe their standard-issue track suits as Pentecost muses, alternating between English and subtitled Japanese. (CONTINUED)
19) 4) dialog: So should we log some Pons time?
19) 11) dialog: What'd she say?
20) 0) text: Mako sits on a bench overlooking the water, staring at Tokyo's glittering skyline across the harbor. Raleigh staggers up, holding an ice pack to his eye. She only glances as he sits beside her, quickly turning b to the skyline before her guilt runs away with her.
20) 1) dialog: Might be a good sign. My brother used to kick my ass all the time. After a long silence, Mako finally speaks. They don't understand one another, but Raleigh just lets her talk.
20) 6) dialog: Is it bad? It's bad, isn't it?
35) 0) text: His phone rings. Raleigh answers without looking.
35) 1) dialog: Yeah...
35) 3) dialog: 
35) 4) dialog: Flick... Where are you?
35) 6) dialog: Jesus... Are you okay?
35) 8) dialog: That's right.
35) 10) dialog: (realizing) Listen, Flick, I really can't -- (CONTINUED)
35) 14) dialog: I'd believe you...
36) 1) dialog: Roma-1 to LOCCENT. Gipsy Danger in position. Motor active in three - two - one. On the one count, the shape comes alive -- joints FLEXING mechanically, as if bracing itself.
37) 0) text: The cockpit; a seat in a nest of cables. Raleigh sits ina shoulder harness, signal lines ported into his drivesuit, body embedded deep in the seat's gel-filled shock padding almost cozy, in an intensely claustrophobic way. His arms, tucked deep into hefty drum-like control-sleeve flanking the seat. A bundle of fibre optic wires trails l raw nerves from a port just behind his ear lobe. Ahead of him, we see what he sees - a wide, IMAX view of outside world (projected straight into his brain), as if pod has no front wall: The sky, the interchange, and the freeway hundreds of fee below, translucent data drifts through the augmented real gauges, dials, and digital targeting geometry. GHOSTLY VOICES and DREAMY ECHOES haunt the air: familiar unfamiliar; Japanese and English; fractured conversations the aether. Ambient thoughts, always there on some level. Raleigh squints into the fog, frustrated. (CONTINUED)
37) 3) dialog: Visibility low. It's all soup.
38) 0) text: Mako's pod looks basically identical to Raleigh's. She listens as Pentecost repeats Raleigh in Japanese.
39) 2) dialog: Thanks. Read my mind. An infrared filter opens over the IMAX-view, showing the gradients of the surroundings. All seems dark (cold) - ex for a glowing heat source behind the tangled freeway ramp
39) 3) dialog: Got him. He's behind the stack. Suddenly, something huge plows through the interchange, collapsing the tangled ribbons of freeway, a spectacle of muscle surging towards us through billowing concrete dust We see Raleigh's right arm tense in its control sleeve.
44) 0) text: Raleigh blinks away the swell of foreign emotions.
44) 1) dialog: Stay with me, bruiser. We got this.
45) 3) dialog: What did she say? 38.
46) 2) dialog: Alright, Mako, I'm setting you up for an IR burst. Get ready.
48) 0) text: Raleigh gapes at the smoky stew.
48) 1) dialog: What the hell, Mako? IR! Not missiles! IR!
49) 0) text: Mako shouts at him in furious Japanese. We hear Pentecost translate for Raleigh, in a much cooler tone.
50) 1) dialog: The hell I did!
50) 3) dialog: Lost him... Shit...
51) 1) dialog: Too much particulate noise. Mako stares, transfixed by murk stirred up by the missile The oily black smoke swirls and billows in the fog, a formless curtain hiding the giant monster. (CONTINUED)
51) 4) dialog: Brace yourself. He's going to charge us. I can feel it. Mako listens to Pentecost's translation, her wide eyes lo to fear. We hear a quickening HEARTBEAT and the memory of something she said earlier.
52) 0) text: Raleigh feels her fear as the HEARTBEAT speeds up. Sweat beads on his brow as he strains against it.
52) 1) dialog: Any second... Any second... A SECOND HEARTBEAT joins the first, faster and out of syn a chaotic, senseless rhythm. The voices become more frant
53) 0) text: Raleigh suddenly finds himself in a dark penthouse, high above a twinkling city. He hears SOBBING and GASPING and finds a small Japanese girl huddled behind the couch.
53) 1) dialog: Mako, is that you? It is, YOUNG MAKO, nine years old. Speaking Japanese he c grasp, she doesn't look at him.
53) 3) dialog: Where are we?
53) 7) dialog: Osaka? You were in Osaka? Young Mako presses her small hand to the window pane.
56) 0) text: Raleigh shakes his head at the field of static as ALARMS wild. He reaches behind his ear to disconnect the Pons. The instant he unplugs the wire, the dome of static disso into the blank front of the cramped cockpit.
61) 0) text: Raleigh and Duc play basketball at a goal that’s been w out onto the floor. Sunlight bathes the Jaegers behind th
61) 2) dialog: Not fun. We're a tactical mess. And the drifts are confusing as hell.
61) 4) dialog: Like outside the Pons? No. I’m not even sure that’s possible. Has a crew been any more mismatched? Duc shoots. The ball BOUNCES off the rim -- and hits an ordinance on a passing cart. TENDO CHOI, the chief engine shouts at Duc from behind the wheel.
61) 12) dialog: I dunno... That’s pretty cool. A crane lifts Tendo’s bloc of projectiles and SNAPS it gun barrel on the mech’s arm -- a context that reveals to be not missiles but rather giant person-sized bullets.
61) 14) dialog: So she’s from Osaka?
61) 16) dialog: The first kaiju attack... Duc scores a goal and snatches up the ball, taking a brea paint Raleigh the picture.
61) 18) dialog: Jesus... I've never met a survivor.
61) 20) dialog: How many kills does she have?
61) 24) dialog: That was her first live run?
61) 26) dialog: She's hard to connect with.
62) 0) text: Raleigh and Mako gape at Pentecost as he sets up a turnta
62) 3) dialog: You're kidding.
62) 6) dialog: Wouldn't our time be better spent --
62) 8) dialog: Running sims? Sparring?
62) 12) dialog: It's a long damn way from fighting KJ's, Sensei.
63) 0) text: Waves slap the ragged rocks. Raleigh and Yancy stand on t precipice above, in the blazing headlights of a parked tr
63) 1) dialog: You fell for her. Like an anchor. I guess the guy at the end of your chain just has to hold his breath. (CONTINUED)
63) 5) dialog: I need you to get out of my head! He spins to face his brother - only to find Yancy is not there. Raleigh stands alone on the rocks.
63) 11) dialog: I need you to get out of my head! -- In the ruined streets of Tokyo, Mako strains to squirm free of the Men in HAZMAT suits holding her back. No soun (CONTINUED)
63) 16) dialog: You wanna know I did all I could? -- Again, we see Mako reaching for the wrecked Jaeger.
63) 17) dialog: I dunno... Probably not.
64) 0) text: From Raleigh's POV, we drift down the dark, wood-floored hallway, passing opaque paper windows.
65) 0) text: Raleigh finds Mako alone in the training hall, dancing by herself, as if with an invisible partner. She looks up from the footsteps on the floor and sees Raleigh. She speaks perfect English...
65) 4) dialog: I'm no good with tests. I used to cheat off my brother.
65) 7) dialog: It's not quite right...
65) 9) dialog: It only works when we're close. They look deep into each other's eyes as they draw closer Tight on their faces as their bodies touch. Each draws a of surprise, without looking down. They don't have to. We see why -- their clothes are suddenly gone. Skin to sk Their intimacy hidden, pressed between them. Goosebumps prickle their bare torsos.
65) 12) dialog: We'll be tested soon.
66) 0) text: Raleigh opens his eyes, startled awake by the dream.
67) 1) dialog: Raleigh sits on the edge of his bed, planting his feet on floor, wondering -- Was that both of us or just me? He glances up at his door as if expecting a knock. Mako sits in bed, taking stock of the dream. Raleigh gets out of bed and heads for his door. Mako presses her eye to her peephole. Raleigh opens his door to find Mako's door closed. Mako watches him through her peephole. Raleigh lifts his knuckles, about to knock on Mako's door Mako can't help but smile to herself as she watches him pause, just inches away. Raleigh stops. He rethinks it and finally folds his arms. Unsure of what he might say. He turns back to his room. His indecision teases a snicker from Mako's growing smile small sound, but Raleigh stops mid-step, and she quickly stifles her amusement - Did he hear that? Raleigh glances over his shoulder to take one last look a Mako's door - He thought he heard something. He waits and finally retreats to his room. Mako rests her back against the door.
73) 7) dialog: What's happening?
74) 0) text: Duc perches on the edge of his seat, watching a different news report on the same attack. Raleigh has just wandered
74) 4) dialog: Is it over?
74) 6) dialog: But what -- ?
74) 8) dialog: What the hell is that? On the tv, the news chopper frantically zooms in, trying focus on the kaiju. Under its semi-translucent carapace, something writhes and shifts.
74) 10) dialog: Another KJ? The monster's armored back starts to bulge and split open Long spindly legs force their way out. The thing inside l out a chilling SCREAM as it starts to squirm free. Suddenly, alert klaxons BRAY urgently in the halls and Du bolts for the door --
75) 0) text: Raleigh bursts out into the hall just as Mako pokes her h out a few doors down. They exchange a deeply stunned look Holy shit, that's us... Without exchanging a single word, they both scramble down hall as the KLAXONS blare.
76) 0) text: Mako and Raleigh quickly undress, much too anxious to be bashful or titillated. Mako mumbles to herself.
76) 3) dialog: What did you say? She looks at him, uncomprehending.
76) 5) dialog: Sorry... I just -- I thought I heard something.
77) 13) dialog: What's -- ?
77) 15) dialog: -- On the beta channel.
79) 0) text: The upper arm deposits Raleigh's pod into the Jaeger's op neck. As the pod sinks into the mech, the Jaeger's head GROANS back into place and LOCKS closed over the slot.
80) 0) text: Raleigh nervously hums "Reaching for the Moon" as he runs through his pre-launch checks.
83) 0) text: Pentecost puts an earpiece in his ear as he enters and quickly moves to stand over the communications console. At the console, two DISPATCHERS (one English; one Japanes and two PROXIES. Proxy-1 explains their role to Mako in Japanese as Proxy-2 explains in English for Raleigh.
85) 0) text: Proxy-2 translates the rest for Raleigh.
85) 2) dialog: Proxy-2, please tell me that was Mako.
90) 1) dialog: Okay, Mako. Motor active in three. Mako, confirm.
90) 3) dialog: Three, two, one -- motor active.
93) 1) dialog: Autocannon hot. (CONTINUED)
95) 1) dialog: Goddamn it! It's those wings. She's too fast for a Mark-1.
98) 0) text: Raleigh hears Mako's frantic Japanese and feels her anxie unnerved by the translation delay.
100) 0) text: Raleigh catches his breath, utterly daunted.
100) 1) dialog: We're -- we're too slow... The MURMURING voices in the Pons swell, spilling over eac other in tense fragments.
100) 3) dialog: Like an anchor...
100) 5) dialog: Dragging me down... Drowning...
101) 0) text: Raleigh and Yancy stand atop the sea-battered rocks.
101) 4) dialog: I need you to get out of my head! (CONTINUED)
102) 0) text: Young Mako stands at the tall windows, watching Trespasse rampage. She looks over her shoulder to Raleigh.
104) 0) text: It sounds like English to Raleigh too, but he doesn't hav time to be astounded. They have a job to do.
104) 2) dialog: Shut the hell up! I heard her!
106) 1) dialog: He can absorb energy --
106) 3) dialog: -- slow him down! Right right! Okay, IR beam is up.
108) 0) text: The control room listens, amazed. To their ears, Mako spe frenzied Japanese and Raleigh replies in English.
108) 1) dialog: Right on. My thoughts exactly.
109) 1) dialog: Setting you up for a railgun firing solution. Ready?
111) 0) text: We hear the magnetic drivers inside the barrel SPIN UP to finally launch a kinetic round with a deafening SONIC BOO The supersonic bunker-buster SLAMS into one of the kaiju' mantid arms, splintering the exoskeleton and leaving the devastated limb hanging by a sinew. In a delirious rage, Invidia RIPS the useless arm off and flings it at Gipsy Danger. It falls short, SMASHING into a mall. The kaiju lets out a bone-shuddering SCREAM at her attack before launching into a full-on charge. Raleigh watches Invidia charge, slavering and savage. She seems to slow down as she draws closer. Time itself seems to be grinding to a halt. The heavy rai seems to hang in the air.
113) 0) text: Raleigh and Mako dance alone on the dojo floor. Raleigh stares past Mako, into space. (CONTINUED)
113) 3) dialog: He's charging... Too fast...
114) 0) text: Invidia now fills the wraparound display, charging in wha Mako and Raleigh perceive to be ultra slow motion. We hea their telepathic dialogue continues --
114) 1) dialog: Why? Raleigh watches the kaiju with a frozen expression.
117) 0) text: Gipsy Danger stands by her docking tower. The loading arm bring the conn-pods down as a crowd of riotously APPLAUDI PERSONNEL starts to swarm around the Jaeger. The canopy of Raleigh's conn-pod opens, he's on his feet, disconnecting his driveskin. He sees Mako's canopy open and points to her, shouting ov the jubilant noise.
117) 1) dialog: You! You can understand me??? You know what I'm saying??? She beams and shouts back.
117) 3) dialog: Yes! (NOTE: When she speaks, Mako's lips move out of sync to t words we hear -- like a dubbed movie. The discrepancy gradually ebbs as their relationship develops. Eventually seems to be speaking naturally.) They each finish unhooking their drivesuits and vault out their conn-pods. The CHEERING crowd parts for them to find each other. The embrace in a enthusiastic hug. Raleigh laughs from his so as he picks her up off the ground, spinning her around. He turns to the crowd and lifts her arm up for the crowd, pointing at her.
117) 4) dialog: First kill! First kill! The crowd goes berserk, WHISTLING, CLAPPING, CHEERING. Ma laughs, blushes, and nods a graceful "thank you."
118) 4) dialog: I hear it in English.
118) 7) dialog: He wants to know if you understand what he's saying.
118) 10) dialog: Heard of any crews who didn't speak the same language to begin with?
118) 17) dialog: What did she say?
118) 21) dialog: I got you something.
118) 23) dialog: First kill, right? He hands her a present. She cocks an eyebrow.
118) 24) dialog: Nothing huge, but it's the only thing you ever said you wanted. She tears into the package -- a Japanese/English dictiona She laughs. Raleigh shrugs.
118) 25) dialog: We made it out alive, didn't we? She looks off into space for a moment, having a thought. (CONTINUED)
118) 30) dialog: Oh -- would that be cool?
118) 32) dialog: -- we should be getting to know each other. Right. Me too.
118) 34) dialog: I'm game. Lead the way, gunslinger.
119) 0) text: Raleigh and Mako come down the empty hall (everyone still partying). Raleigh glances down at his watch.
119) 1) dialog: Earlier than I thought. They stop just outside their respective quarters.
119) 3) dialog: Yeah, I've been trying to learn some Japanese off TV Tokyo...
119) 5) dialog: Not good.
119) 7) dialog: Right. I'll just let you -- He trails off as they both turn to go into their rooms.
119) 11) dialog: I knew it! I knew it! Mako cracks up, doubling over. Raleigh turns beat red. Sh manages to stop laughing long enough to say --
119) 13) dialog: You don't?
119) 15) dialog: Only vaguely. They smile at each other -- a lie agreed upon.
119) 16) dialog: It happens, right? She nods. They both lean in their doorways. Neither can t of anything else to say, but neither wants to go.
119) 18) dialog: Night, Mako.
121) 0) text: Mako opens her door just as Raleigh opens his. They both chuckle awkwardly as they stare at one another across the hall, a thought on the tip of their tongues, unsure of how to phrase it. Simultaneously, they realize there's no point in trying t phrase it, and they let themselves collide in the middle the hallway, kissing hungrily. Without breaking Mako backs Raleigh into his room and kic the door closed behind her. 74.
145) 0) text: A futuristic riverfront skyline, crowded with record-smas supertall skyscrapers, all blazing with neon color. Gipsy Danger stands in the street, poised to fight an oncoming kaiju -- as if in a neon jungle, the titanic pai dwarfed by Pudong’s orbed spires and stark, glass edifi Kaiju OOLONG, a chitinous crab-like dragon with black exoskeletal armor and giant pincers. The behemoth hauls itself up the wide freeway on the tips of its huge crab- claws, reminiscent of a knuckle-walking gorilla. Gipsy Danger lifts her arm. The armor opens to expose a r of electrical transformers. Without cutting to the conn-p we hear Raleigh and Mako's radio traffic.
145) 1) dialog: Electrolaser hot.
145) 6) dialog: We'll do it the old-fashoined way. Oolong grabs Gipsy Danger in his black claw and drives th Jaeger back, her iron feet GRINDING gullies into the asph The kaiju slams the Jaeger into the two-thousand foot Shanghai Tower. The lower floors SHATTER and COLLAPSE. The soaring glass helix falls, PULVERIZING a quarter-mile dense city blocks, its pinnacle SMASHING into the river. The throbbing city lights stain the settling dust in luri color. We see Oolong still bearing down on Gipsy Danger. The beast squeezes the mech in his pincer. But, Gipsy Dan pushes back, prying the it open...
145) 7) dialog: Push push push! In a sharp outburst of effort, the Jaeger opens the claw far that the joint CRACKS. Gipsy Danger RIPS off the lower half of the giant claw, a JAMS the chitinous skewer into Oolong's eye. Oolong SHRIEKS and thrashes his dragon-like head. Gipsy Danger grabs the kaiju by the jaws and twists. Fina Oolong's neck SNAPS. The dead kaiju teeters and CRASHES to the ground.
146) 2) dialog: Want us to go again? (CONTINUED)
146) 6) dialog: But the property damage...
146) 8) dialog: Dinner?
146) 21) dialog: We’re supposed to be bonding...
146) 23) dialog: Right, for the good of mankind. Their laughter trails, but the thought sticks...
146) 25) dialog: Not Duc and Kaori... She turns to face him, propping her chin on her arms.
146) 28) dialog: Look sharp, Yance, he’s coming up. Mako hears it too. (CONTINUED)
147) 2) dialog: What if -- my reflexes stopped me?
147) 4) dialog: Isn’t it?
149) 0) text: The Jaeger’s arm wanders into Yancy’s view as Raleigh unconsciously has the Jaeger cover its front.
150) 1) dialog: He’s gonna rush us, Yance!
152) 0) text: Raleigh watches as Tortuga plows his weight through the s surging towards us. The Jaeger’s aim flinches as Raleig stops himself from bringing the arm down to block.
152) 2) dialog: He’s charging!
153) 2) dialog: How do you know I’m one of those people?
154) 0) text: Raleigh feels the very instant his brother dies, and for first time, we see his reaction... Furious, devastated te in his eyes, he snaps. His words come out like thunder.
154) 1) dialog: No! Yancy! -- Pangs of grief twist his face, choking the words in his throat. His veins stand tight as wires on his temples.
156) 0) text: Raleigh glares through hot tears, his jaw tight with anim rage, utterly consumed by raw anguish.
156) 1) dialog: That was my brother you son of a bitch! That was my fucking brother! Through the fog of ALARMS and SHUDDERING machinery, a rad voice calls out to him.
156) 6) dialog: Then it’s not a mistake -- This. Us. We're not a mistake... She sits up and folds her arms around him.
162) 0) text: Raleigh meets up with Mako, who's already watching from t back of the bustling control room.
162) 1) dialog: Did they say cat-4? She nods, her brow furrowed. Raleigh whistles.
162) 2) dialog: What is that, like the third cat-4 anyone's ever seen?
170) 5) dialog: Two in a row? Is that even doable?
178) 7) dialog: Roma-1 to Meiji-1, you guys better not be saying your goodbyes.
179) 1) dialog: Because you will live to kiss this scrap heap's heels, so help me god.
181) 0) text: Raleigh watches as Fulcrum tracks the mech's descent with cold eyes as the Jumphawks lower Gipsy Danger to the stre
181) 1) dialog: Hey Mako, you know there’s only ever been one other cat-5, right?
182) 2) dialog: Can you handle this? She nods slowly, and we know --
183) 10) dialog: I’ve got an idea. Get ready to vent your coolant. The chain retracts. The razor-edged links CHEW through Fulcrum's neck as they rip back into the Jaeger's arm. Fulcrum's tentacled head falls off -- -- but the massive body charges blindly ahead to tangle T Ronin in its crushing grip.
188) 0) text: Mako and Raleigh sit on a knoll overlooking Tokyo Bay.
188) 1) dialog: Two category fives... She passes him the binoculars, and spots a GUIDE leading group of TOURISTS down the footpath. She turns quickly aw
188) 5) dialog: They spotted us?
189) 0) text: His arms crossed, Pentecost leans on the rail by the wind overlooking the control room, considering Raleigh's news.
189) 2) dialog: He's a physicist from the Calixto Particle Observatory...
189) 4) dialog: Fine. If they've got a plan, there's no reason to talk to him. But if they're at wit's end, why not bring some fresh wits into it? Pentecost eyes Raleigh, recognizing a good point.
189) 5) dialog: It's not some clod. This is a scientist telling us he's got it. How often does that happen?
190) 0) text: In the seats, the ranking officers on-site: Mako, Raleigh Duc, Kaori, Pentecost, and Takada -- and COSDEC civilian leaders: Secretary Lethbridge and Undersecretary Jiao. Newt stands at the front, manipulating a projection of th Interstice's internal structure. (CONTINUED)
190) 22) dialog: Yes we do. The Mark-1's. That's what we did with the last of the uranium. We used it to power the first Jaegers. Like Gipsy Danger... 111.
191) 0) text: At the end of the hall, Raleigh and Mako face one another holding hands. Raleigh speaks; Mako nods; we don't hear t conversation. We're with Pentecost and Takada, watching.
192) 0) text: Quiet, empty. The two Jaegers standing in the moonlight. On top of Gipsy Danger, we find Raleigh and Mako lying si by side, looking up at the crescent moon and universe of stars beyond the dome's open roof.
192) 2) dialog: Ryuzu Falls in autumn...
192) 4) dialog: I've seen it in your memory.
192) 6) dialog: It doesn't have to be us.
192) 9) text: Raleigh dwells on it. (CONTINUED)
192) 12) dialog: I think when you create a universe, you never imagine the people who live there are gonna rise up and slam the door on your ass. He turns and smiles; she smiles back -- an accord. TIME LAPSE: The night passes over the two Jaegers. The sk brightens. Technicians and equipment dart about the floor The sun pours light into the now bustling launch bay. Amidst the hustling Techs preparing the Jaeger, we meet N on the floor standing in front of Gipsy Danger with schematics in his hands. Tendo looks over his shoulder.
193) 0) text: Mako pulls on her drivesuit and turns for Raleigh to zip up. He plants a kiss on the nape of her neck, before slow pulling the zipper up. No kaiju; no rush.
193) 1) dialog: Do you think we'd have happened if we'd met any other way?
193) 6) dialog: -- A lot of 'em have to be built. He turns. They face each other. For a long moment, neithe says anything -- just quiet, bittersweet smiles.
193) 7) dialog: You ready to save the world?
194) 0) text: Everyone on the floor watches as Raleigh and Mako cross towards Gypsy Danger, helmets tucked under their arms. They spot their sister crew, Duc and Kaori, watching from mezzanine level. They salute one another.
194) 2) dialog: When you asked me if you hadn't gotten with Yance --
194) 4) dialog: I did all I could. It just wasn't enough. I hated that it wasn't enough. What I said at the bar -- She nods. She's had it all sorted out.
194) 6) dialog: The plan is to eject at the last second.
194) 9) dialog: It has to be someone... (CONTINUED)
194) 14) dialog: Tendo crossed the pods?
204) 0) text: The ocean sways on Raleigh's HUD. He watches the huge sha surge away, just under the water.
204) 1) dialog: Whoa! Mako, did you see that? (CONTINUED)
217) 0) text: The blazing rupture swells across the wraparound HUD, fil the dim conn-pod with unearthly light. We hear it HOWLING outside. Raleigh's face betrays a mounting dread.
223) 0) text: Raleigh bares his teeth, jumping into his fight response.
236) 2) dialog: Mako...
237) 4) dialog: We don't have to. We're close now. MUSIC starts to spill from the turntable.
237) 5) dialog: All we have to do is fall. A calmness settles over her as they start to dance.
248) 0) text: Empty, quiet, and peaceful. Raleigh and Mako dance on the hardwood floor. They hold one another, their eyes locked.
248) 1) dialog: I love you... You can feel it, can't you?
252) 2) dialog: The right choice...
260) 0) text: Near the ships, a conn-pod breaches in a fit of salt spra It rolls and finally settles. The canopy opens. Thick ste bleeds from the open pod. We can't see who it is. As the vapor quickly dissipate, we find Raleigh inside. H quickly unhooks himself and climbs out onto the pod. He shades his eyes and scans the horizon. He spots the re ships and keeps searching. He sees no sign of the second conn-pod. We slowly pull back across the water, back from the drift pod and the ships behind it. It seems final. Suddenly, in the foreground, the second conn-pod heaves u through the surface and settles to bob on the water. Raleigh plunges into the water and swims for the second p He climbs on as the canopy opens, spilling plumes of stea into the clear ocean air. He tries to claw the steam away Finally, he sees Mako tucked down in her cockpit, unbuckl her harness and yanking the cables from her drivesuit. She looks up and sees him. They laugh giddily, wiping tea from their eyes. She reaches up and lets him pull her out They linger atop the floating pod, holding tight to one another, not daring to let go. We pull back, letting the blue ocean unfurl under us. The ships slowly approach the embracing pair. They never let