11) 0) text: A pool hemmed by sandstone boulders bristling with sage. man stands naked on the rocks, covered in blood. He falls Flick runs. But she doesn't catch him. She perches at the overhang, looking down. The man breaks surface and throws his head back, suddenly okay. The man is Yancy Antrobus, Raleigh's brother. We see the resemblance, but he's more carefree than his younger brot an assured soul with the charm of a barefoot troubadour. Wisps of red spread from him, turning the pool to blood.
11) 1) dialog: Come on in, Flick.
11) 3) dialog: Well you can't stay out there. (CONTINUED)
11) 6) dialog: Jump in, babe. Come on. There's nothing for you out there... Behind her, the pitch-dark kaiju BELLOWS; a dull, bestial grumble made loud and bone-shuddering by the sheer size o the beast. The THROBBING ground announces its every step. Hundreds of feet overhead, it's jagged jaws glow furnace- from within. Ignescent saliva drips from it's teeth like molten napalm, fueling the encroaching wildfire. An AIR RAID SIREN wails and Flick steps back, unconscious inching away from the blazing heat -- until her last step finds only air, and she falls into the pool of blood.
52) 2) dialog: He's charging! We hear a little girl SOBBING between GASPS of air...
62) 16) dialog: I don't know what to tell you, Rals. I fell for her. I'm sorry. This is what happens when crewmates experience a drift outside the Pons. It's called a ghost-drift.
63) 0) text: Waves slap the ragged rocks. Raleigh and Yancy stand on t precipice above, in the blazing headlights of a parked tr
63) 4) dialog: What do you need me to do, Rals?
63) 10) dialog: What do you need me to do, Rals?
68) 0) text: Huddled close together, Yancy and Flick ride the seaside Ferris wheel.
68) 2) dialog: Yeah? What happened next?
68) 4) dialog: And you said?
68) 6) dialog: I took it as a yes.
68) 8) dialog: Oh, he wasn't going to let us down without my signal. I was pretty sure I could talk you into it. They both laugh and Flick cozies up to him. Her smile sta to fade as some part of her begins to realize itвЂ™s not
68) 13) dialog: Only you can make it stop.
68) 15) dialog: Just get off the ride. He smirks and vaults out of the gondola. She lunges for h but as she reaches over the edge -- -- heвЂ™s gone. Not falling. Not on the ground. Just gone Flick looks around and realizes the whole Pier is deserte Stranded atop the Ferris wheel, her searching eyes fall a on that frozen moment out in the still water, Tortuga stabbing the Jaeger, and her desperation mounts.
101) 0) text: Raleigh and Yancy stand atop the sea-battered rocks.
101) 2) dialog: What do you need me to do, Rals?
149) 0) text: The JaegerвЂ™s arm wanders into YancyвЂ™s view as Raleigh unconsciously has the Jaeger cover its front.
149) 1) dialog: Guarding! Get that arm up and give me a firing solution!
150) 2) dialog: DonвЂ™t drop your aim! 92.
151) 0) text: Tortuga shifts his massive bulk as the sea breeze tosses curtains of mist of his hide. Yancy concentrates but canв make the targeting pipper find a lock.
152) 1) dialog: Keep it steady, Rals!