53) 2) dialog: My dad's coming back soon...
53) 4) dialog: He just went out for a minute... Outside, the distant sounds of CHOPPERS, SIRENS, and a throbbing RUMBLE. Young Mako tentatively approaches the t windows overlooking the city. Distant choppers train searchlights on something lumberin through the skyline. Behind it, the city bleeds columns o smoke from the light-less scar of its wake. (CONTINUED)
53) 8) dialog: My dad said monsters weren't real. She looks over her shoulder to Raleigh, her eyes quiverin YOUNG MAKO (CONTвЂ™D) He's not coming back, is he? In the distance, Trespasser throws his head back and roar silent as a distant flash of lightning. We see the soundwave spread over Osaka, shattering window it speeds towards us, even after the beast closes its jaw Finally the delayed ROAR blows out the windows and THUNDE through the apartment, throwing Young Mako back.
63) 9) dialog: He's not coming back. -- In his old mobile home, Raleigh stares into his bathro mirror, his eyes red and ragged with despair. -- Raleigh pulls his fist back and punches the mirror, leaving the fracture we remember. -- Off the Santa Monica Pier, TORTUGA faces Coyote Tango. Hulking and turtle-like, carapace studded with jagged row bony plates. It opens its trifurcated beak and SCREAMS.
102) 0) text: Young Mako stands at the tall windows, watching Trespasse rampage. She looks over her shoulder to Raleigh.
102) 1) dialog: He's not coming back, is he? She turns back to watch the monster.
102) 2) dialog: I don't know what to do... Trespasser throws open his jaws in a silent roar and Rale sets his jaw and marches towards Young Mako with purpose. Outside, the roar's sound-wave rips through high-rises as spreads closer. Raleigh stands beside Young Mako at the window and offers hand. She looks up at him, uncertain, but finally she tak it, a critical connection -- -- just as the ROAR blows out the windows. But it doesn't throw either Raleigh or Young Mako back. Their hands clas it washes over them -- a baptism of THUNDER.
249) 0) text: The shattered windows come back together as the shock wav lifts Young Mako off the floor, and the roar retreats, go back into Trespasser's jaws.