35) 0) text: The twenty VISA-SEEKING IRANIANS pass our guys and run down the stairs out onto the street and disperse outside. Behind them, the FIVE CONSULATE EMPLOYEES we saw head down the stairs. So the group of SIX is: MARK AND CORA LIJEK, J AND  KATHY STAFFORD, and BOB ANDERS. They get to the bottom of the stairs.
51) 5) dialog: (to J Stafford) You okay?
53) 0) text: The Houseguests getting up from dinner. Kathy Stafford hesitates.
60) 0) text: The Houseguests descend into the crawlspace, a darkened, cramped area -- first the Lijeks, then Anders and Schatz... then J and Kathy Stafford. The trapdoor closes and the crawlspace gs COMPLETELY BLACK.
73) 0) text: Kathy Stafford is roughly washing wine glasses at the sink.
155) 5) dialog: (after a beat) And his life too.  Another beat. ANGLES ON the Houseguests. 
168) 15) dialog: 
173) 0) text: Mendez, in the driver's seat, looks at the house, then at his watch. He starts up the van, filled with four of the Houseguests. Then he looks in the rearview and sees one of the back doors open. J and Kathy Stafford board.
174) 6) dialog: Rachel Dewart, production designer. Kathy looks at her husband.
178) 0) text: Reza leads Mendez and the Houseguests deeper into this city within a city; fundamentalist ground zero. BAZAARIS stand at their shop doors; puzzled; unfriendly; watching the visitors. Kathy Stafford, the production designer on the scout, takes a Polaroid of a window adorned in gold. The SHOPKEEPER, a 70-ish bazaari, sees her do so. He hurries out of his store, speaking in rapid-fire Farsi at her. The Houseguests stop. Reza speaks to the Shopkeeper.
178) 5) dialog: He can have the photograph. Tell
182) 2) dialog: Her claustrophobia as the crowd closes in -- an ANGRY BAZAARI WOMAN sticks her finger in Kathy's face --
202) 0) text: Lee Schatz puts his Infant of Prague holy card into an Argo script. Packs the script. Cora Lijek is sitting next to her husband. Kathy Stafford looks at the clock.
202) 1) dialog: (to J Stafford) He's late.
226) 0) text: The PASSPORT OFFICIAL is looking at the Canadian passports of the six and waving them through. Mendez has already passed. Everyone except Kathy Stafford. The Passport Official looks at Kathy, who is doing her best to look friendly and casual. Then he looks at Kathy's passport, in which she looks stern and angry. Kathy Stafford smoothes down her hair, frowns like she  ds in the passport photo. The Passport Official half smiles and waves her through. They've all cleared the first checkpoint.
257) 0) text: Kathy Stafford's ticket is taken and she walks through the door. Hurries toward the transport bus. The other five Houseguests and Mendez behind her and --