70) 0) text: Six KOMITEH force their way into a house.
100) 0) text: Five of the EMBASSY HOSTAGES -- men from their 20s to their 50s -- are roused from their sleeping mats by Komiteh. Hoods are put over their heads.
164) 0) text: A Kafka-esque stairway. We see a YOUNG KOMITEH call up from the bottom and head up the stairs. JUMP CUT TO: one flight to go. Now on the level WITH CAMERA, we carry him INTO the office as he hands off the ARGO script and STUDIO SIX BUSINESS CARD. Khalkali has some words in Farsi for the young man.
167) 0) text: A KOMITEH BOSS inspects the work of the CARPET WEAVER KIDS -- whose numbers have grown into the HUNDREDS -- as they labor quietly. Some HEADSHOTS are in various stages of repair.
222) 0) text: The office we visited earlier. A YOUNG KOMITEH comes up the stairs again. This time, he's RUNNING.
231) 0) text: Khalkali is now speaking with MORADI, an older Komiteh official. They speak Farsi and it's untranslated, but we get it. He is showing the photograph of Mark Lijek from the bazaar and comparing it to the U.S. diplomatic photograph. Moradi picks up the phone as Khalkali heads out.
237) 0) text: Mendez checks in with the Houseguests with his eyes. They are now in sight of the airport gates. And here are six Komiteh. Young men -- none more than 33 or so -- holding automatic weapons. They have created their own checkpoint. It looks recent, A SCREENED-OFF AREA WITH TABLES.
237) 1) dialog: Passports. He looks at the Canadian passports and then almost immediately speaks.
237) 2) dialog: You come. He directs Mendez and the Houseguests into the screened- off area. Speaks in Farsi to another Komiteh.
239) 35) text: as Azizi leaves the room with the business card and three young Komiteh barely look up from the drawings --
241) 0) text: A PICKUP TRUCK with 5 Komiteh -- including Khalkali -- automatic weapons out -- drives up to the Canadian Ambassador's residence.
242) 0) text: Azizi, who apparently has some authority here, enters, telling another Komiteh in Farsi to get off the phone.
245) 0) text: One of the young Komiteh is loudly debating with another Komiteh the air-worthiness of a futuristic desert glider in the storyboards. He's miming the thing crashing. J Stafford and the Houseguests are silent. Mendez can see the line of passengers on their Swissair flight dwindling.
252) 0) text: Khalkali and Komiteh are forcing the front door of the house open.
253) 0) text: Azizi comes back into the screened-off area. Looks at J Stafford, then at Mendez. Then says something in Farsi to the three Komiteh in the holding area. Then he leaves. The three young Komiteh look at the drawings, then at J Stafford. Silence for a moment.
254) 0) text: Khalkali and a dozen Komiteh, guns drawn, rush into the residence. Empty liquor bottles. The remains of what looks like breakfast for a group of people. But the place is empty.
258) 0) text: A phone rings and a Young Komiteh picks up the call. He listens for a moment. Then he drops the phone and RUNS into the airport terminal and --
260) 0) text: Young Komiteh RUNNING through the terminal, pushing through a crowd, making a woman drop her suitcase, contents scattering. An automatic weapon at his side.
262) 0) text: Azizi and the three Komiteh from the third checkpoint stand up from the table with the Argo storyboards. Young Komiteh shouts at them and they take up their weapons and join him, running -- Azizi and the three Komiteh arrive at Flight 363's gate. The door is CLOSED.
267) 0) text: Azizi gs to the WINDOW. He can see the Swissair plane slowly backing onto the runway. He picks up a walkie and pushes through the flight gate door, setting off an alarm, followed by the three other Komiteh. He reaches the METAL BARS outside and can't get past. He CALLS INTO THE WALKIE.
273) 0) text: We're SPEEDING BEHIND two Iranian police cars and a canvas-topped TRUCK as they speed toward the Swissair plane. In the back of the truck we can see half a dozen Komiteh, weapons drawn and --
280) 0) text: The Flight Controller has his arms up... THROUGH the floor-to-ceiling windows of the tower, as three Komiteh watch a Swissair DC-10 angle upward and leave the ground...
281) 0) text: The Komiteh from the Jeep are now standing on the runway watching the plane disappear.
295) 0) text: And suddenly it's dead-quiet. We're in a vault inside a vault in the basement of the main building. Mendez's suitcase is laying on a low counter, an ARCHIVES OFFICER t-tagging and cataloging various items. Separating Mendez's personal things from material related to the operation. Mendez empties his briefcase and the officer puts a sticker on the VARIETY featuring the ARGO ad. Another on the ARGO script. He's putting things into a box that reads: USCIA CLASSIFIED MATERIAL. Mendez opens his accordion folder -- flips through it -- it's empty -- no. There's something inside. In one of the compartments is a STORYBOARD FROM ARGO. One that the Komiteh missed. While the Archives Officer is turned around, Mendez slips the storyboard back into the accordion folder and puts it back with his personal things.