175) 0) text: The minivan double-parks on Musavi Street. Taxis, men loading and unloading rolled-up carpets onto pickup trucks, chaos. A YOUNG MAN IN SUIT WITH NO TIE waits. This is REZA, mid- 20s, a low-level administrator in the Ministry of Guidance. Mendez gets out and they speak and shake hands. The image FREEZES. In a BLACK AND WHITE PHOTOGRAPH. They exchange pleasantries and Reza leads them down a narrow street toward the bazaar.
176) 0) text: Reza is leading Mendez and the group of Houseguests through the Tehran Bazaar. A word about the place: the world's largest bazaar. 10 kilometers of narrow alleys. Chinese-made Swiss watches, banks, mosques, butchers, fabric stores, gold stands. Boys with hand-trucks loaded down with piles of fabric cut through the crowd. Older Islamic architecture elbows up against neon signs and rickety wooden stands with second-story balconies like Bourbon Street. Bob Anders walks toward the front.
176) 1) dialog: You are the director?
176) 3) dialog: 
176) 6) dialog: A film where a foreign bride is brought to Iran, but she dsn't understand the language and customs and there are misunderstandings and laughs.
176) 14) dialog: (not happy with that) Mmmm. Mendez walking toward the back of the group. Lee, the cameraman, is looking through a viewfinder down the alley of the bazaar.
178) 0) text: Reza leads Mendez and the Houseguests deeper into this city within a city; fundamentalist ground zero. BAZAARIS stand at their shop doors; puzzled; unfriendly; watching the visitors. Kathy Stafford, the production designer on the scout, takes a Polaroid of a window adorned in gold. The SHOPKEEPER, a 70-ish bazaari, sees her do so. He hurries out of his store, speaking in rapid-fire Farsi at her. The Houseguests stop. Reza speaks to the Shopkeeper.
178) 1) dialog: 
178) 4) dialog: He says he did not give you permission to take a photograph of his store. Other BAZAARIS and SHOPPERS are starting to gather. Kathy holds out the Polaroid toward the Shopkeeper.
180) 0) text: People are now starting to surround Mendez and Reza and the Houseguests. Bazaaris more and more heated. Women in chadors are screaming and finger-pointing.
184) 0) text: Reza indicates an exit to the street. 