0) 9) text: 4-11-51 Cosmo (confidentially) Yeah -- Well, that's my secret. (he preeks into a. wild barking) Woots “Woot == woots The fans draw back in fright as he walks smilingly up the aisle. Dora (at ‘the microphone ~ her facé lighting up) ob, it's Don Lockwood's hest friend ~- Cosmo ‘ Brown! He plays the piano on the set for Don and Line to get them into those romantic moods that heave made them so famous. énother limousine pulls. up. Dora (blowing her top) Oh - on, folks, this is it! It's the producer of "The Royal Rascal", Mr. R. F, Simpson end Mrs, Simpson -~ the man who gave you all the - Lockwood - Lamont pictures and with him -- eh, yes, it is\ -- It's those romantic lovers of the screen Don Lockwood and Lina Lanont! Out.of the Limousine first steps Mr, Simpson, @ hearty-looking, middle-aged man with his ditto wife in evening clother. Following them are Don Lockwood ané Lina Lomont.’ The erowd goes insane when they see them, yell- ing end surging against the ropes. Don and Lina leugh end wave as they walk up the aisle. Don is a dashing handsome, athletic- looking young fellow with a:natural air of jeuntiness and high spirits, bearing a strong rememblance to Gene Kelly. Line:‘is the epitome of classic patrician heauty, regal, elegent ad slightly eloof, a vision of devastating loveliness. They stop at the microphone and are greeted effusively by Dora. 2. . : * Dora . Hello, Doni Hello, Lina ~~ you look lovely! Lina bows graciously to the crowd. Don bows. He is over-assured, the spoiled movie star. Dora Ladies and gentlemen, when you look at this gorgeous couple, it's no wonder that they are a household nane all over the world --‘like bacon ond eggs. Lockwood end Lamont! Don, you can tell me confidentially, are these rumors true ineren bells are soon to ring Tor you end Lina
0) 53) text: _No kidding! What's yor neme? 4-11-51 Two men carry Bert off.. ‘Dexter You" be all right, Bert.. Wetve lost more darn stunt men on this pioture.. Take us hours to get @ new one over from Central Casting! (he looks harrassed) ' : Don (putting down his violin and going over to .him) : : ‘on, Mr.: Dexter, I think I can do that bit for you. : Dexter What, yout ‘You're @ musician.. . Cosmo (drily) That's a moot point. Dexter (reconsidering) > Don (with satirical eagerness) Don Lockwood, sir, but the fellas all cell me Donald - Lockwood. . Dexter Wise axy, huh? All right, I'll try you. Get this guy into Fred's suit, and rearember Lockrood, . you mey be trading that fiddle in for a harp. Don has rapidly chenged into cowboy shirt and hat. Dexter - “ okey, get the stretcher ready, Joe. ‘Don't worry,. we'll inform your next-of-kin. Ckay, roll ‘om! They do the scene over again. Don does a terrific back summersault over the ber, erashes into the glasses and disappears behind the bar. Cosmo, Wincing at the piano, plays "Fit As A Fiddle." Dexter Cut! Don gets up nonchalantly, . ‘Dexter (emazed) Gee, that was creat, Dont “Don looks at Lina, who Looks away, disdain- fully. oo, _Don (dusting himself ort casually) Got any other little chores you wot done fn this picture? . .
0) 67) text: DON AND LINA ON SET - EXT, Day Cosmo is fixing bandage on Do's hand. Lin& is in a beautiful dressing gow, vuffing her nad is. Don winks confidently to Cosmo and goes over to hor. * Don (eagerly) Gosh, ‘Miss Lemont, it's been wonderful meeting YOu. . ' Lina berely glances up at him, annoyed at being addressed by such a lowly creature. . Don . I'm Don Lockwood, the stunt man. It's been a real pleasure wor king with you. Lina’ looks up contemptucusly ond turns her back, ignoring his citstretched hand. Don looks at it embarrassedly, Dexter comes running up to him , . te, Hey, Dont Dex * With Dexter we see R. F. Simpson. . Dexter Don, I went you to meet the producer of the. picture, Mr. R. F. Simpson, Don Oh - glad to meet you, sir, , Cosmo joins them. Simpson (heartily) Eow do you do, Don. I just sew some of the rushes for the picture end asked Dexter here who the team of stunt men were, end he said it was all you. Don (humbly} Yes, I guess | that was me all over, ‘Simpson . Well, son, I think you've got something. “Went you to come over to my office after lunch, Wetll discuss a contract. Don (excited and impressed) Contract! Thenk you, Mr. Simpson. Cosmo? “ Aaama ama Tan chatra harde  finemn haamineg.
0) 75) dialog: Third billboard, both nemes in much larger print: LIN. LAMONT JND DON LOCKWOOD IN "THE BEGGAR OF BLNGKOX”
0) 160) text: . Girl : : see Officer ! ca . . . She pulls over. to the side. --... oe : n (walling over) Wnat? o a yoo, Girl (x Officer - this man == --~ * ‘ Pols cel What is this? What's ° Girl . , Se i £0, ny car and == . Policeman Grkth, the. light, of -" pecognition} --*e=e-- Oh ~ why, itis Don Loclswood. ' Girl (looking at hin) ' Don Lockwood, -¢ Saye Vaca ¢ (vaznly) Poli . % for, a sex. ride?, How are you, Mr, Lock
0) 168) text: Singing In The Rain: , Nane Chgs. 523-51 P23 Don (siting “pateing her all- “in). 50 Well, I. would like to get out of this ventilated ~COme I suit, I live at Camden and Sunset. (3) (Girl starts car) (there is a moment's silence during which Don is Looking at her. He obviously finds her attractive and assumes an ingratiating nanner) I'a@ very’much like to ‘mow whose hospitality I'm enjoying, “Girl Sands - Kathy Sands. : Don , Enchanted, Miss Sands -- I'm sorry I fright ened you -~ I was getting just a little too much love fron my adoring fans, Kathy (noticing his torn coay for the first time) Oh-that's what you were running away fron,. They - Gid that to you? -~ That's terrible. ) Don (moving a little closer to her . . No-it's not terrible at all, Frankly, I love it,. (she looks at hin, aware that he is attempting to impress her and conscious of his physical nearness) After all, I represent something to then -- 2 leZend. - glanour , ronance, dreams of glory - Can't plane them for a little hysteria when they suddenly see this + legend come to lite, ' (his arm is now draped over the back of the driver's seat in back of hex) Kathy | (Looking at hin again unconfortably) : Oh, of course not, Don (being self-satirical but half meaning it) It's remarkable, isn't it? Did you think, Hiss ’ Sands - when you embarked this evening for wherevor you're going - that suddenly you would be riding along with Don Lockwood? snit life wonderful? Kathy (0% his line and assuming «a ? 7 gaga nanner) . Uh- Mr, Lockwood - I can't tell YOR. how sorry TI an about taling you for a criminal sefore - but it was understandable under the circunstancé’s - I kney I'd seen you. . Le -
0) 194) text: Singing In The Rain : Name Chgs. 5-3~-51 P,28 . . Cosuo . .. 53655 : There are ways “= rm ~  SOHRID.-. : on . : . 1 ¢2) Girl Oh, what would I have to do? Cosmo (brisicly) . Well, itts simple, Meet me Saturday afternoon in front of the Loew's Theater, I'll take you in --= unless there's something playing I've seen already, in which « ease you're on your ow, a Girl _(Sumping off his lap o : furiously) an Oh, s sols your dunt maiy! She leaves, . Voices"0.S. ~ Hiya Dont! Congratulations} Itc. . Don (walling into the SHOT) Thanks, Thanis everyone. Hi Cosmo. . Cosmo Don! How did you come, by way of Australia? Don (very ‘seriously) Listen Cosmo --= am I a good actor? , “ Cosmo . As long as I - vorte for Monumental, you're the greatest of them all. ~ Don No kidding, Cosno, you're ny pal ~ you can tell ne, Cosmo . : What's the matter with you? Of course, youtre good, Don . Well, just keep telling me from tine to tine. Tf feel’ a little shaken - Cosné © The new Don Lockwood. Simpson (ontering). Don! Don’ _ Hello, RF, . Sinpson , Don, it's colossal! ‘\here've you been - wetve been waiting for you, Been holding the show for you. (addressing the room) Listen. everybody, got few little surprises for you Mase. aes mabe Ane