0) 1) text: Dora (highly excited; in an over ecstatic gushy voice) This is Dora Bailsy, ladies and gentlemen -- . talking to you from the front of the Egyptian Theater in Hollywood, What a night, ladies and gentlemen -- what a night! Every star in Hollywood's heaven is here to make Monumental Pictures’ premiere of "The Royal Rascal" the outstanding event of 1927, Every- one is breathlessly awaiting the arrival of Lina Lamont and Don Loclnood, and -- A shriek goes up from the crowd as a limousine puils up.
0) 9) text: 4-11-51 Cosmo (confidentially) Yeah -- Well, that's my secret. (he preeks into a. wild barking) Woots “Woot == woots The fans draw back in fright as he walks smilingly up the aisle. Dora (at ‘the microphone ~ her facé lighting up) ob, it's Don Lockwood's hest friend ~- Cosmo ‘ Brown! He plays the piano on the set for Don and Line to get them into those romantic moods that heave made them so famous. énother limousine pulls. up. Dora (blowing her top) Oh - on, folks, this is it! It's the producer of "The Royal Rascal", Mr. R. F, Simpson end Mrs, Simpson -~ the man who gave you all the - Lockwood - Lamont pictures and with him -- eh, yes, it is\ -- It's those romantic lovers of the screen Don Lockwood and Lina Lanont! Out.of the Limousine first steps Mr, Simpson, @ hearty-looking, middle-aged man with his ditto wife in evening clother. Following them are Don Lockwood ané Lina Lomont.’ The erowd goes insane when they see them, yell- ing end surging against the ropes. Don and Lina leugh end wave as they walk up the aisle. Don is a dashing handsome, athletic- looking young fellow with a:natural air of jeuntiness and high spirits, bearing a strong rememblance to Gene Kelly. Line:‘is the epitome of classic patrician heauty, regal, elegent ad slightly eloof, a vision of devastating loveliness. They stop at the microphone and are greeted effusively by Dora. 2. . : * Dora . Hello, Doni Hello, Lina ~~ you look lovely! Lina bows graciously to the crowd. Don bows. He is over-assured, the spoiled movie star. Dora Ladies and gentlemen, when you look at this gorgeous couple, it's no wonder that they are a household nane all over the world --‘like bacon ond eggs. Lockwood end Lamont! Don, you can tell me confidentially, are these rumors true ineren bells are soon to ring Tor you end Lina
0) 53) text: _No kidding! What's yor neme? 4-11-51 Two men carry Bert off.. ‘Dexter You" be all right, Bert.. Wetve lost more darn stunt men on this pioture.. Take us hours to get @ new one over from Central Casting! (he looks harrassed) ' : Don (putting down his violin and going over to .him) : : ‘on, Mr.: Dexter, I think I can do that bit for you. : Dexter What, yout ‘You're @ musician.. . Cosmo (drily) That's a moot point. Dexter (reconsidering) > Don (with satirical eagerness) Don Lockwood, sir, but the fellas all cell me Donald - Lockwood. . Dexter Wise axy, huh? All right, I'll try you. Get this guy into Fred's suit, and rearember Lockrood, . you mey be trading that fiddle in for a harp. Don has rapidly chenged into cowboy shirt and hat. Dexter - “ okey, get the stretcher ready, Joe. ‘Don't worry,. we'll inform your next-of-kin. Ckay, roll ‘om! They do the scene over again. Don does a terrific back summersault over the ber, erashes into the glasses and disappears behind the bar. Cosmo, Wincing at the piano, plays "Fit As A Fiddle." Dexter Cut! Don gets up nonchalantly, . ‘Dexter (emazed) Gee, that was creat, Dont “Don looks at Lina, who Looks away, disdain- fully. oo, _Don (dusting himself ort casually) Got any other little chores you wot done fn this picture? . .
0) 67) text: DON AND LINA ON SET - EXT, Day Cosmo is fixing bandage on Do's hand. Lin& is in a beautiful dressing gow, vuffing her nad is. Don winks confidently to Cosmo and goes over to hor. * Don (eagerly) Gosh, ‘Miss Lemont, it's been wonderful meeting YOu. . ' Lina berely glances up at him, annoyed at being addressed by such a lowly creature. . Don . I'm Don Lockwood, the stunt man. It's been a real pleasure wor king with you. Lina’ looks up contemptucusly ond turns her back, ignoring his citstretched hand. Don looks at it embarrassedly, Dexter comes running up to him , . te, Hey, Dont Dex * With Dexter we see R. F. Simpson. . Dexter Don, I went you to meet the producer of the. picture, Mr. R. F. Simpson, Don Oh - glad to meet you, sir, , Cosmo joins them. Simpson (heartily) Eow do you do, Don. I just sew some of the rushes for the picture end asked Dexter here who the team of stunt men were, end he said it was all you. Don (humbly} Yes, I guess | that was me all over, ‘Simpson . Well, son, I think you've got something. “Went you to come over to my office after lunch, Wetll discuss a contract. Don (excited and impressed) Contract! Thenk you, Mr. Simpson. Cosmo? “ Aaama ama Tan chatra harde  finemn haamineg.
0) 71) text: Simp son Yes, I'n going to put you and Line together in a pictures The boy's got souething. Don't you think he's great, Lina? : <11 through this, Lina hes been oll ears and now turns to iir. Simpson with a big smile. © Simpson See you later, Lockwood. . - He and Dexter exit. Don, who has‘noticed the big switch in Lina's attitude, now leans ‘toward her: insinuatingly. * Don Well, Miss. Lamont, doing anything tonight? Lina looks up at hin with:a big seductive smile end shakes her head, putting her arn through his. . ' Don (removing her zn) That's funny -~ I'm busy. He walks away with Cosmo, both whistling happily, leaving her open-mouthed and furious, . . Don's Voice (o.5.) Well, Lina end I heve had the same wonderful relationship ever since through twelve pictures -~ end in the course of time the public has made me a stary.
0) 73) dialog: WITH DON LOcK*00D
0) 94) text: : Here we see a black and white silent movie with titles. We see Don and Lina in "Three OD Musketeers" period costumes kissing in a castle garden in front of a hedge, TITLE: My song of songs, there is no one but you. They kiss again: TITLE: Tonight the world is ours = what care we what the morrow bring, Tonight we are alone, We see behind the hedge a group of men creep~ ing. Then Don and Lina breaking from the kiss. . oN. : : —— TITLE: (Don) I think I hear a footstep, Lina flings herself back into his arms. ° TITLES (Lina) Beloved, it is only the beat- ing of my heart too filled with - happiness to contain itself, As they kiss again, the villain and men jump over the hedge and grab them: . TITLE: (Villain) Seize then! . . TITLE (Don) An, Gaspard de la Nuit - we OQ meet again! - TITLE: (villain) Yes, Felipe du Bois ~ for the last time! They start to duel. Everyone is fighting Don who kilis them all except Gaspard with miraculous stunts and acrobatics, cur TO:
0) 108) text: THE SCREIN - 5 BQnan The scene is littered with bodies, Two . enemies Don has overlooked suddenly appear. He is swordless. ‘They rush at him from op~ posite directions, swords out-drawn.. He . ducks just as they reach him ad impelled by their ovn velocity, they run each other throlgh, Felipe looks around, sees that the villain has carried‘off the girl on @ horse, Don leaps on a wall, grabs a hmging willow, branch and swings over Gown onto the horse, hurling | himself and the villain over as-he = “ © oes 80% TITLE: _ Den} 4nd now, Gaspard de la Nuit - , we really mee % for the Last time! : He stabs the villain md rastes to the girl: TITLE: (Lina) Felipe! — ‘They kiss passionately. : cur Tor!
0) 125) text: 4-11-51 Don and Lina have just come off. ‘Cosmo comes rushing up to them with Rod, a breezy over-energetic press agent type. ~ Rod . Hot dog, Kids - itts a smasht Line, you vere gorgeous! Cosmo , Yes, Lina, you looked pretty good for a airl. Lina is absolutely furious and turms‘’on Don.. We hear her voice for the first time. It is flat end coarse and a terrific shock coning out of that beautiful face, . . Lina Frheavens sake, what's the idea = can't a girl get in a word in edgewise? They're my public; toot : : . : Don (patiently) Line, the publicity deper ment, Rod here -= decided .it would be better if I made all the speeches for the tean. . - Rod : Lina, vyou're a beautiful wonen -- ‘audi ence thinks you've got & voice to match. ‘Studio has got to keep their stars from looking ridiculous at any cost. Cosmo No one's got that much money. Lina - Why? What's wrong with the way I talk? What'sa big idea -- am I dumb or somethin’? The men exchange looks. Den No, no -- it's just that I've hed so much more | experience and -~ . Le ‘Lina Next time, yrite me cut a speech. I could memoralize it : , . Coszo Sure, why don't you go out now ang recite the Gettysburg Address ? t
0) 135) text: Lina (she has been look-~ . eb ing at him lovingly through ‘this and: ~ cont 'D now smiles at him) (3) ony Don = you don't mean that, Come on, darling, 11 be late for Mr, Simpson's party ! Rod (tating Lina out) ' You're going in separate cars to break up the mobs. 7 . Lina See you there Don! They exit. . : a O Don (looking after her, shak~ : . ing his head incredulously) ‘ What is the matter with that girl? Can't she take a gentle hint?
0) 174) text: Ya21-51 Don (with grand modesty) “os OF course + er = which of my“pictures ‘have you seen? Kathy (with exaggerated puzzle- ment I~ I don't remember ~ I saw one once, , _ Don You saw one once! , Nathy (continuing in the sane over-innocent vein) Yes. I think you were dueling and there was that. girl - Lina Lanont and oh --I don't go to the novies much - If you've seen one, you've seen them all. Don Well - thank yon. - Kathy (very deliberately) " On, no offense, but you see I'm not interested in ’ the movies either seeing them or being in then. I guess iths entertaining enough for the masses, but the personalities on the screen don't impress Be - I mean, they don't act + they just make a Lot of dumb show = well, you know, : She does an elaborate imitation: of movie pantomime, . Don You mean - like what I do? : Kathy (archly) Well, yes. : - (she stops the car, then speaks briskly) Her you are, Mr, Locinood - Sunset and Camden - Don . Wait.a minute! You mean I'm not an actor. = pantonine on the screen isn't acting, . Kathy : : . Of course not - acting iseans great parts - wonderful lines ~ speaking those glorious words - Shakespeare’ - Ibsen = , . oY ‘Don - . _ Well, what's your lofty mission in life that lets you sneer at my humble profession? . Kathy (suddenly confused) Well - uh « I'm an actress ! Lo \ : Don What? . Pook 50 COULD So ey
0) 208) text: Singing In The Rain. Nané Chgs. =. 5=3-51:. P30 . Simpson (laughing) ~ | 53-55. - No, ro = I'm. right here! *.». . i Man on Screen (continuing) Ny voice is recorded on a record.- so connected with the mechanism of the projection machine as to run simultaneously with the unreeling of the film, 4 talking picture. Thank you. Goodbye,” He nods; the screen goes blank and the lights in the living room come Up. There is a moment's silence. -' + Simpson (giggling a little nervously) Well = Everyone, including Don, starts laughing and ad libbing, vo People’ . It's a serean! Just a toy! ete. Man (to Simpson) Do you think they'll ever really use it? : : Sinpson I doubt it! The Warner Brothers are naicing a whole. talking picture with this gadget - "She Jazz Singer! phey'1t lose their shirts} What do you think of . it, on . Lo Don . It'll never amount to a thing - “Cosmo -That's what they said about the bicycle. Lina enters fron terrace, . Lina There you are, Don, TIT was so “worried - . Don (a little wearily) . Hell Lina. : : Simpson Together again - my two little starts - Don ana Lina -- no kidding, aren't they greet . folks? _ bc. Ss, applause Now, on with she show. Lights are dimmed, the band strikes up a pompous mareh and’a huge cake is wheeled in on a table by two chefs with the emblem of Monumental Pictures on top. There are oohts and ah's from the assombled multitude.
0) 221) text: Singing In The Rain Chgs. 6-26-51 P32, , Don o 53-55 Don't go, : CON? 'D - (he points to the cake) - we, - €). Now that I lmow where you live, let me see you : ome. oo lina (coming over) Who-is this dame, anyway? ' Don Oh, someone lofty and far above us all - an actress on the legitimate stege ~ she couldn't learn anything from the movies, " chy (enraged and beside
0) 222) text: . herself) Here's one thing I've learned from the movies! (she grabs a large hunk of cake and huris it at Don, who ducks -~ the cake dands full in Lina's face - second of aghast silence, then noisey ad lib of laugher, commiseration, etc.) . Lina (her face heavily hidden in _ Whipped cream) : . Ohi Ohl”. : : . /. Bon (going to Lina) Ch, Lina, I'm sorry ~ this is- .- Kathy : Gee, I'm sorry ~ I didn't mean ~ ons ‘ont Lina (gasping) Don (restraining her) Now, now = she was aiming at me, , . . Cosmo : Lina ~ you never looked lovelier. Lina , Let me at her + I'll Icill her?! Kathy runs out.
0) 225) text: Singing In The Rain Name Chgs. 5=3—51 Don (to Lina) . It was: just a nistake, Tina. A litte’ accident. Cosmo . . Sure, It happens to ne five or six times a day. Dan That Little girl didn't mean any nara - why -- (ne looks around) Where is she? (he sces she is gone and dashes after hor) Doe Lina Don! Don!
0) 257) text: - Cosmo (acting it out) Sure! Now get this -- it is the last reel --~ the angry rabble is snthnered around the guillotine we- they are about to execute Don! Right? . ° oo Dexter Right, . Cosmo . : The villians got him cornered! There's no way out! Right? ’ : . Oo Dexter (by now hanging on Right! every word) ght! Cosmo Don puts his head on the chopping block and whisht.! (he makes a gesture with his hand-like a knife starting to cut and stopping) The guillotine gets stuck. Dextor . Stuck? | ‘ Cosno (gesturing wildly) Yeah! Whisht! Whisht! Whisht! Stuck every tire! Now the villian -- a bit over-anxicus -- pushes Don aside, puts his own head on the block, He looks up and starts tinkering with the ropes -- and just as he is saying "Quest-ce que c'est is the matter with this gadget anyway?" joyeeeng | (he makes a big gesture like the Imife falling) : Guillotine works for the first time! He cuts his own head off! Like it? Dexter (flatly) ” Swell. . . . : OC (without 2 pause he. turns away) Hey, whet are we waiting for? Where's Lipa! : Assistant She's coming, boss. Cosmo shrugs helplessly at Don. Lina enters, Dexter Okey, herecomes Lina. Let's gol
0) 263) text: WelL51 - Cosno starts playing | "The Old Grey Mare She > Adn't What She Used To Be" in rhythm with Jinats walk as she approaches ‘the set.’ She looks breathtakingly deautiful, in ner huge . bouffant:- 18th Centurysiirt and bare bodied and high, towering powdered wig, She is : flanked by a hairdresser and wardrobe woman, who look at her adoringty. Lina Gee, this wig weigns a ton! What dope would wear a thing like this? . Dexter (patiently) Everybody used to wear then, Line. Lina Then everybody was a dope, > (she stops at the piano) What's that you're playing, Cosmo? Cosno (with satiricel shy tenderness) . _o tts ~= it's for you, Lina. Lina (smiling with recognition) On, I kmow that -- (she starts to hun and gradually adds a few words te the tune reminiscer ably) "Old grey mare «= ain't what <=" Cher face suddenly changes as she réalizes) . Wise guy! . - : Cosno Have a piece of sugar, Hairdresser (gusai: agly) Now, honey, you look just beautiful ! : Dexter (reassuringly) Yes, you look great, Lina! How let's get into the set.
0) 270) text: Oh.- I've been busy -- . : , : : eure 2 : Dexter (shouting) _ Give us the lights, San! The lights come wp on the set. Don and Lina are standing there as Dexter rushes around looking in the Canera, arranging a couple of things on the set, etc, oy : . Lina (accusingly) oO And I lmow. wnat you've been busy at -~ looking for .- -that girl, . . . : . : Don As a matter of fact, yes, Lina (pouting) Why? Don (trying to be business-like) itve been worried about her. : Lina (pouting some more - a oy : ‘slight edge creeping into her voice) oe You should have been worried about me a little,:' : a the one who got the whipped. cream in ny sser ! . : Don But you didn't lose your job and she did, | Lina (with almost child-like enjoyment) . You're darned tootin' she did -- I arranged it. | Don (stunned) What! : ‘Lina (smiling sweetly) ° oO They weren't going to five her -- I called then up and told them they better! ~— ‘ Don‘ looks at her, furious. Dexter has every- . thing arranged for the take and now stands next to the camera, facing the set and gives them directions, : ‘Dexter ~ Okay. Now remember, Don, you're madly. in love with yo her - and you have to overcone her shyness and . timidity. Okay Cosmo! : (Cosmo starts to. play the lush, romantic then from Tchaikowsiy's* Romeo an Juliet!, » Lina arranges herself prettily : : (Continued) .
0) 274) text: . . e11-5h  P.MO Dexter (Continued) - on the bench and takes out a fan. Don,: $0x1 _ throwing her a last hateful look steps coutiD: to the side oF the set, She réturns his (3) 0 8 look with an innocent smile) Roll ‘en! Okay, Don -- enter -- you see her -- - pun co her! . Don makes: an entrance from the ‘side and in typical broad silent movie technic sees Lina, looks around to see if anyone is watching and runs over to her. Lina turns, as if taken by surprise and gives a coy little gasp, nalf rising. Don smiles at her reassuringly and : talcing her hand gets down on one knee. . O _ Don (kissing her hand and looking up at her adoringly) Way, you rattlesnake! You got that poor kid fired! Lina shyly withdraws her hand and taps hin lightly on the shoulder with her fan - smiling down at him, then looking away coyly. ‘Lina (under her breath): That's net all I'm gonna do if I ever get ny hands’ on her. _, Dexter.(from-the side of the’ camera , where the:cameraman is grinding) Fine, fine! Looks great! Den (slowly covering her arn with kisses up to tne shoulder) I hever heard of anything so low ~ what did you have to do it for? Lina (moving away from him on the bench but looking at him seductiv rely) ‘Cause you Jiked her -- I could tell. Don takes her hands and as he stands up, pulls her to her feet next ‘te hin. He Looks at her ‘ O Revinghyy Den So that's itt Believe | me I don't like her half as much as I hate you = you reptile! I Lina tries‘to break away, but hé pulis her * to hin tenderly. . . Lina : Sticks and stones may break my bones -- Don takes her in his arms and looks at her face with exaggerated passion,
0) 282) text: “Well, M : Sinpson, we're really rol Ling! yelp Dexter Simpson Wel, you can stop rolling at once! Dexter (amazed) Huh? : . Simpson Don, Lina, cone here! All the attention is on Mr, Simpson, Don . and Lina come down off the set. Dexter (enlling to the crew) All right, everybody - save it! Sinpson | . - Save it! Tell then to so. home! We're shutting down for a few wecks ! . Dexter What . Simpson . Well, . don't just stand there - tell then! Dexter (shouting to the crew, very puzzled) Everybody go hove - until further notice ! (to Simpson) What is this? > Den (as they all take chairs near the piano) Yeah, what's the, mattor, R.F.? Simpson (intensely) "The Jazz Singer", that's wha Sts che matter, "The Jazz Singer" + Cosmo at the piano goes into 4 an initotion of a Jolsonesque singer - and sings. Cosno (singing) “Mammy! Mammy - The sun shines east - fhe sun shines west -. Loe *. Simpson (mopping his brow) It's a sensation! The public is screaming for’ . more} Don More: what?
0) 290) text: Singing In The Rain Ches. . 5-23-52 Pa o . Don (considering)  - : 60X21 Well, of course, the public will come to see it. CONT'D cirsaitts a Lamont~Locisood picture -- but still -- (7) . Simpson (enthusiastically) Don, believe | me, it will be a sensation "Lamont and Lockwood | They’ talk I" Lina (suédenly waking up = her voice cutting through like a knife) Well, of course, we talk! Doesn't everybody? There is a silence during which all turn and look at her, registering the sound, They ex- change a look. Cosmo . Lina, your tallcing may bring back the silent pi oture.
0) 301) text: Singing In The Rain - Chgs. - | + 523-51 PbS Kathy * 7x3 Oh, that's ail right, Mr. Simpson...no neint in CONT'D discussing it any fupther. -- I'm halfway off this (2) lot right now. Simpson What do you mean? Kathy (directly) ‘VWe22, before Mr, Lockwood refreshes your memory, you might as well Imow, I'm the girl who hit Miss Lamont with the cake. Believe me, it was meant for Mr. Locke wood } (to Phillips) I'm sorry, Sid, I should have told you about it -~ Goodbye «= Don * Just a second, Miss Selden. (to simpson) R.F., what's this all about? Simpson (get vting herrassed) . Well, we were going to use Miss Sslden in Zelda's pichire, but if it will make you and Lina unhappy -~ Don (excited -~ looking at Kathy) Unhapny ! I think it's wonderful ! Cosmo Hets been looking for her for weeks, Don Yeah! : . Simpson -(to Don) Are you speaking for Lina too? Don R.F., the owner of the Cocoanut Grove may do what Lina tells him to -= but you're the head of this studio. “Simpson (intarrupting firmly) Yes + I'm the head of this studio... She's hired! and don't let Lina know she's on the lot. Mow it's all ‘settled. Take care of it, Phillips! Cho exits) : Kathy (overjoyed) | Oh, thank you, Mr. Sirnson! : (she has listened to all this with great sur-- prise and is tooking at Don) .- - Cosmo Glad you turned up, Kathy, We've boon looking all over for vou. Wa thoncht mavha utth that thrautne arm af varne Singing In The Rain - Chgs. - 5=23-51 : ‘Don Thanks, Cosmo Kathy Have * you realZy been looking for me? Pu? 703 CoH? 'D (3)
1) 0) text: The sign is on the door to a stage. We go inside and hear several voices shouting "Quiet i" "Quiet" "Guiet". | Everything is still and we see the same garden set from "The Dueling Cavalier". Lina is in O -. ’ place on a bench, Dexter is tiptoeing about and pantomiming directions to Don; who nods. The CAMEAA is enclosed in a glass booth with the sound apparatus, and there is also a glass window on one wall back of which there is further recording apparatus. Dexter gets a signal from the engineer in the booth, Don makes his entrance and starts the scene as before, going to Lina. Lina (her usual voice, but saying the words much too. -; carefully) vi‘, oh, Pierre, you shouldn't have come; You are i flirting with danger. Your head is much too valuable --
1) 2) text: - Wel 52 The Sound Engineer gestures to Dexter. . Dexter (shouting) Cute . They break out of scene. Don What's the matter, Dexter? Dexter (going over to Lina, impatiently) It's Lina! Look, Lina -~ remember what I told you. There's a microphone there in the bush! - (he points to a bush next to the bench) Yeah? hina Dexter You've got to talk into it. . Lina . Iwas talking. Wasn't I, Miss Dinsmore? Miss Dinsmore comes running over to Lina. Miss Dinsmore . Yes, my cear, but please remember "round" tones. (she starts Lina's line in full tone) “Pierre” not « : (she makes a very nasal tone) "Plerre", : (she does the whole line) “Pierre, you shouldn't have come." Lina (attempting to imitate the round tone,. but her usual voice coming. out) "Plerre, you shouldn't have come." Dexter (heatedly) Hold that a second!. Now} Lina, look -- here's the mike, right here in this bush. He reaches inside the bush, pulls up a microphone on a wire.. Lina Yeah? . : Dexter (as if to a small, backward child) Now you talk towards it -- the sound goes through this cable to that tox. A man records it on a big record in wax. But you've got to talk into the mike first! In the busn! Now try it again.
1) 5) text: WelL-51  P.55 j - Lina (bored) mo 7 C Zou Gee, this is dumb. . . gy? Don (good-humoredly) She'll get it, Dexter, Don't worry, Lina. Just a little nervous -~ first day. Everything's going to be great! He is obviously in high spirits. Lina smiles up at Don adoringly. 3 . : Don ot aL oO Oh, by the way, Roscoe -- this love scene coming , . up - "Imrerious Princess of the'hight" -- I : oO don't like the lines there. Is it all right if I. just say what I always do. "I love you, I love . you, I love you -- " * Dexter . Sure. Anyway it's comfortable, but into the mike, ~ huk? Okay, again! : . the shouts) : Quiet! Three assistants repeat the word: "Cutet!! “Quiet "Quiet", : (* Dexter Roll ‘em! SHOT ~ INSIDE CAMERA BOOTE 79. Looking out, we see Lina -saying her line, and she moves her head away from the bush, we HEAR the SOUND coming into the booth, fading. . . Lina : “Oh, Pierre,-you -- come -~ danger -- head is much --— : Oo Dexter | . . Oo > cuts
1) 20) text: oo (2) That's right, that should do it. Okay. Now, Lina, : don't make any quick jerzy movements or you might -disconnect the mike. Okey, let's go... Lina, annoyed, adjusts the wire under her seat. Dexter Quiet! Oo . Again there are the echoes of "Quiet!" O Texter “Roll ‘ent. They start the scene again. SHOT - SIMPSON TIPTOEING ‘ONTO THE STAGE 8 Re sees what's going on. and smiles approving- iy, We HEAR the scene going on under this. . Simpson notices a wire on the floor near the set. .
1) 21) text: : . - : Simpson (whispering to a workman) i Hey, someone's going to trip on that wire. 5 ' Workman + Simpson It's dangerous. . Workman tries to stop him, but Simpson gets there first, cends down and pulls the wire. It is the wire connected to Lina's mike, and she is pulled head over heels from the bench. She screams wildly and general pande-~ Oo ' monium results. . : ; DISSOLVE: | Oo. ,
1) 35) text: / WelL-51L 2.59 SHOT = SCREEN . , ol A handsome scene in the French Palace. Down the grand hall comes Lina as Yvonne, a French noblewoman looking beautifully regal, flanked by her ladies-in-waiting. She is pens ively toying with a string of pearls around her neck. There is a terrific noise coming from the screen, .
1) 78) text: bell-51  P.6l . Lina (Don's voice) 108 € . Unhand her, you monster! oora'D
1) 79) text: ‘Villain (Lina's voice) Pierre, I love youl! There are more noises on the sound track and the slowing down words "Pierre de Batteailie" are heard descending into a bass’ key as the screen slows to a stop, showing Don in an arrested pose, cUr TO: O So a . oO Lossy 109 -- Our principals are standing at the back, look- ing crushed and stunned, except for Lina, who Goesn't seem to kmow what's going on. We ERAR the sound of leughter, hissing and booing. . coming from inside. People are coming out, : Woman Oh, this is a scream. ‘ : : : Man : : Give me pictures like "The Jazz Singer". Boy Gnitating Don) "I love you - I love you - I love ~ " Simpson opens the door and sticks his head in ginerely. We HEAR issuing from the screen Don'ts voice saying: “I love you - I love - . you - I love you." Simpson slams the door and herds them all over into a corner. . Simpson (utterly dejected) ¥e're ruined - we're all ruinedct oO Don (sturined and very low) - - CO - You can't release this picture! : .
1) 82) text: WelL-51 . Simpson I've got to, It's booted to open in six weeks all over the country. (looking cround for reassurance, with a forced. snile) But you ~ you're such big stars - maybe it will got by, huh. : His suiie fades as people come pouring out of the theatre and they overhear the comments, People I-never want to see that Loc!nrood and Lanont agnin - This is horrible - "The Jazz Singer" = Yeah + musical pictures - Terrible! . This is ah 16 worst picture ever made! . Lina (brightly) I liked it! They all exchange ‘a beaten look.: :
1) 102) text: ~ Coszio Well, at least he's talsing it lying down. ' Don (with a wry smile) No kidding, Cosmo, did you ever see anything as idiotic as me on that screen tonight? Cosmo ° - Un - how about Lina -- Don (with e Little laugh) 11 right, I ran her a close second. laybe it . . . was a photo finish. I'm through, fellas, m O ° Kathy (earnestly) : Don, you're not throuch } : ‘Cosrio — Of course not! Why, with your looks and your figure + you could drive an ice wagon ~ Kathy (picking it up) - Or shine. shoes! , : non Coszo (expansively) Block hats + sell pencils!
1) 119) text: Yeall=51. :. Don (suddenly) Wait! Sure I get it! Use Kathy's voice’! i “Lina just noves her “nouth ond _kathy!s voice cones out singing and talleing for her. : : . Kathy That's wonderful ! ‘ Don (suddenly sober) “Ne, Kathy, ‘I couldn't det you do it Kathy Why not Don - Why, you wouldn't be seen, You'd be throwing away your own career, Kathy (all wound up) It has nothing to do'with my career! It's just for this one picture, The important thing now is to save the Duelling Cavalier, save Loclewood and ‘Lamont i . / Don (reassured) : That's true! You'd only be doing it for this ‘one picture. But can it-get by? : Kathy Of course it can! And there must be a way to work the dancing, . . Don (his brain fired with enthusiasn end nis spirits up) Sure! I'll just dance crownd Lina and teach her how to take a bow! Tomorrow. we go to RF. and spring this:on hin together. Kathy : ‘Don, you're a genius | : (she kisses hin enthusic .stienlly) Cosno (with mock bitterness) Yeeh, I'm glad you though. of it. : . Kathy (xissing hin and . . laughing) . Oh, Cosno! Don . | Listen, kids, there are two geniuses in this roon and T'yi not one of the! - Cosmo, you're great! Kathy. - / you're wonderful | 5 Che ‘esses her)
1) 140) text: . This is a room where errors in dialogue can be ' . corrected, The actors watch and listen to a line on the screen and then matching the tin- r : ing, can record a new reading. Don and Kathy are standing in front of a microphone with ear | phones on and watching the screen which is placed : high on one wall. The room is quite dark, : Across from the screen is the booth where Cosmo ' sits, making the recording, and checking the readings. Near the screen, a red light flashes. ., Cosmo's Voice (from inside booth) All right. Letts try it, Kathy & Don Ready. lina's Voice (from screen) Foshing can keep as apart. Our love will last till... , the stars turn cold, Oo (rod light and buzzer) . . Nothing can keep as apart. Our love wilt last till oy) the stars m co fa . Cosmo All right, Kathy - go shoad. As Lina’s: image comes on the screen, “Kathy says , . the line, a Kathy ae Nothing can keep us apart, Our love will last till. the stars turn cold, ° : m : : co Cosmo's Voice : aa Great! Perfect! Bo woe oO , '° The lights come up and ‘Don looks at Kathy.. we Don . Till the stars turn cold -= — (he kisses her sortiy). I love you, Kathy.
1) 142) text: Kathy . Don, I -- — & / Don : . Qo) Kathy, I can't wait till this picture is finished. so . Then, no more secrecy =~ I'm going to let Lina know ’ let éveryone kmow - ad
1) 145) text: Don (lovingly) : : (2) From now on there's only ono fan I'm worrying . about -= As ‘they kiss, the door is flung open and in comes Tind and Zelda, , Zelda (pointing to Don and ‘ " Kathy) There! . ont lina (rogistering the scene) . ‘Zelda What did I ‘toll you, Lina! a Lina (beside herself) © Oh, Don! Zelda ~ ‘thanks , you're a real palt ' Don Now Lina -~ Lina (furious) I. want that girl off the lot at once! She's not going to be m a voice! Zelda told me everything t Don Thanks , Zelda z you're a real pal «= . Zelda (sweetly, exiting) Anytime, Don = , tof Kathy Now look, Miss Lamont - Don and - lina (hurt and angry) Don! Don't you call him "Don"! I was calling hin "Don" before you wero born -=!$ I*mean -= oh! You were kissing him! : : , - Don (getting worked up) i Iwas kissing her{' I happen to bo in love with her. . Lina That's ridiculcus}! Everyone knows you're in love with me! : . Don Now, lina, try and understand this -- I'm going to marry her. ‘ Lina . . Silly poy = she's not the marrying kind. Sho's: just Bub TAT eSp iB echReseh 2 t gg by g TRA ae to"gdds ising
1) 150) text: ‘Osmo (3) Ci You're a little too late, Lina - the picture's all finished - and if this girl weren't in the picture you'd be finished too! - Lina As far as I can see, she's the only one who's finished | Who'll evor hear of her! . Don Everybody! Why do you think Zelda's in a sweat? Because Kathy nearly stole this picture from her <= and is getting second lead in the next! lina (surprised) ‘She is! Don She's just doing you a favor helping you on "Dancing Cavalier" -- and she's getting full sereon credit for doing it! lina (exploding) : What! You mean it's gonna say on the sereen that I don't sing and talk myself!
1) 151) text: Don Of course + what did you think! . , lina (the realization: sinking in) They can't do that! Don ‘ It's already done, Lina But no one knows about it yet w- | Don . > . They will -- there's a whole publicity campaign i being planned! . Lina (outraged) oS Publicity! They can't make a fool out of Lina Iamont! They can?t make a laughing stock out of Lina Lamont! ‘that do they think I am -- dumb or something! Why + I make more money than -« than «-° Calvin Coolidge <= put together ! (she stamps out)
1) 153) text: Singing In The Rain - . Chgs. , wb 23-51 “PL 78 83 “121- 128 our NEWSPAPER HEADLINES: , ‘ 129= ae 131 "Simpson SAY YS LINA. GREATEST SINGING,
1) 157) text: Singing In The Rain Name Chg, © 5=3-51 PLoe Other Publicity Man “2 | ge We were all prepared for the campaign on Kathy - CONT'D Sands and then you do this! At least keep us (2) informed » . : Simpson . Now wait a second fellas -- I don't kmow anything . about this! I had nothing to do with it! " Rod Well, what are we going to do? Lina flounces in carrying the papers, with her picture and the articles in then. : Lina (answering him happily) Nothing! You wouldn't want to call the papers and say Lina Lamont is a big fat liar! . : ’ Simpson . ~Lina! Did you send. that stuff out! Lina (very pleased with Sos herself) . / : ; I gaye an exclusive story to every.paper in town. 1. . Simpson Co aa Lina you'll never get away with this +- Rod. Call. the papers back. .. oe id ‘Lina . I wouldn't do that if I were you RyeF. wm . . Simpson Don't tell me what to do Lina! . a Lina . Sos , What do you think I am - dumb or somethin'? I had. _ my Lawyer go over my contract! a PLS. Sampson (nervously) Contract! . ~ . : Yeah -- and I control my publicity -- not you! , Simpson (angrily) Yah? So ce, oo " Lina a Yah -- The studio's responsible for every word printed about me «.If I don't like it «= I can sue! . (pronounced. syoo) : .
1) 161) text: eI Singing In in The Rain Name che. o-3- SL. P85 Lina 1132 If you tell the papers about Kathy Sands - it: - CONT'D would be - (3) (very grandly, like an elocution : . student) ~- "deteremental and deleterious to my career" «~ I could sue you for the whole studioi}! (hands him contract open to a certain page) Simpson (on the defensive) That's a lot of nonsense -~ Lina (triumphantly) It says so -- right. here! (shows him; he pends to himself) Contract dated June &, 1925 - paragraph thirty- . four - subdivision le tter A -- the party of the_ first part -- That's me! (he loeks up at her) Simpson (beaten) : " You win Lina -- . . : ., Rod : so We better take Kathy Sands! credit card off the screen a= Simpson (furious, and angry with himself) L All right - all right w- Let's just get this , premiere over with!! eel (the publicity men exit, He turns : to Lina, displeased and helpless) | Satisfied? : : Lina (brightly) - Only one little thing more = Simpson (sar castically) Lina (very. big-eyed) Oh RF. you're cute} Iwas just thinking -- you've given this girl a part in Zelda's . Picture and you're going to give her an even. bigger one in the next?
1) 163) text: s Simpson Lina (innocently) . So-: w-/4f she's done such a great job doubling for my voice-« don't you think she'd better go . - "on “doing. dust that == and nothing else? 3
1) 168) text: 4ell-5l P86 Simpson (Coursting out) >) 132 Lina, you're out of your mind! : a . Lina (with an edge) . After all I'm still more important to the studio than she is! Pimpson (angry and uneasy) Lina, I wouldn't do that to her in a million years. Why you'd be taking that girl's career away. People don't do things like that! : Lina (pulling herself to full : O height) ". People! 44, not people} I'm a -- shi e searches inthe paper she is holding for the quote she wants and Treads it triumphantly) o-~ "Shimmering, glowing star in the cinema firmament" It says so ~ right here} DISSOLVE To: MARQUEE OF ‘THE EGYPTIAN THEATER - EXT, - 9-33, NIGH? Coe The signs read: “PREMIERE TONIGHT ~ ALL .
1) 178) text: On the screen, we see end of ‘number and kiss - Don and Lina look great together. It is the end of the picture. There is a wild ovation. : uo Audience He's great! They're terrific! ‘Doni Lina! Etc. Don and Lina come out on the stage to wild applause. they bow.
1) 182) text: ’ Singing In The Rain Name Chg. 5a3-51 P,88 Lina (exuberantly) "236 ’ Yer darn tootin' they do! . ty Rod “meytre screaming -- Take another bow! Don and Lina exit onto stage. Kathy and Cosmo enter. Simpson, rushing to then, sincerely - : Simpson . Congratulations, kids! It's a real smash! We owe a lot to you. : , Xa armly) Thanks. tay Ow ¥ Don and Lina come off into wings. Don (rushing to Kathy) Kathy! (they embrace, he continues) We made it! : Kathy Don - it's a miracle!
1) 183) text: . Don Cosmot Cosmo Great, Don! ‘Lina, you were fabulous. (pointedly) You sang as well as Kathy Sands. , Lina (meaningfully) Yes -- and i'n going to for a long time! Don (turning to her suspicious- Lina (snapping it out triun phantly) . i mean she's gonna keep right on doubling for met Don (tensely) | Listen, Lina + I thought that was what was cooking under those bleached curls of yours. Now get this ==. Kathy's got a career of her own. We only did this just to save this one picture! - . ‘Lina (very coyly)
1) 184) text: -.lina runs out to stage for another bow and _ Don follows angrily. . .
1) 185) text: YelL-5L ° p89 “Cosmo (to Simpson) “136 Lina's getting a Little carried away, isn't CONT'D
1) 186) text: she, Boss ~ ! 2 3) : “+ Simpson (uncomfortably) Yes ~ yes, she is! . Don and Lina re-enter from svage. Don (to Lina; bursting with rage) . Listen, you boa constrictor - “don't. get any . O " fancy ideas. about the future. : . (to Simpson) : Tell her, R.F. Lina (cutting in savagely : as Simpson-fumbles for words) . Never mind, R.F.! Listen to that- applause out there! Tels for me! For Lina Lamont! I'm the . ‘biggest thing since -~ The Big Parade! Wait till -- the money starts rolling in! You're not gonna give all that up cause a little nobody who no- body ever heard nothing about don't*want'a be my voice. \ so Te . Rod (quickly to the befuddled 7 . Simpson): poe She's got something there, Boss - itts a gold ’ mind! You got no choice! Kathy (cutting through) Part of that choice is mine, Miss Lamont! I . Just won't do ith: . : ‘Lina (with heavy sarcasm) You ‘got a five year contract, honey - you'll do what R.F. says! : : : Don (angry and incredulous ;- ae — to Simpson) i OQ Well, R.F.,.whatsa matter! -Why don't you tell 5 on her oft? .
1) 191) text: “ Singing In The Rain Name Chg. 5-3-5. = P90 . Simpson (almost on the verge  . 136 : . of tears) ; / covT'D Now wait a minute, Cosmo ~ | . . . 7, OF Don and Lina re-enter from stage. ‘ Liha (with wild ecstasy) Listen to them - I'm an avalanche! : (then, to Kathy in a taunting six-year- . old manner) Ha ~- Sands ~ you're stuck! Don (to Simpson with icy fury) Look, R.F., ie this happens ~ you can just get yourself another, boy - I won't stand for it. oh, Don! Simpson (pleadingly) : t ’ Kathy (frightened) Dont ‘ . . . tes Don (decisively) I mean it ~ you'll make your Lockwood-Lamont Pictures without Lockwood! . . Lina (with superb, sweeping Moss contempt) na So who needs you! .I'll be twice as big without youl They'd come to see me if I played opposite a monkey! Who are you, anyway? Iwas a big star when you were happy to break your leg for five bucks a day! - Simpson (protestingly,  . fumbling for his vanishing dignity) Now wait a second, Lina! Don's a smash, too - I'm going to say. a few words now = i'n still
1) 192) text: : : ‘Lina (absolutely carried away’. mo as she turns on Simpson) wo I'm not so sure! You're the big Mr. Producer -.° always running things - running me! Well, from -now on I'm running me. , 4s far as I'm concerned, I'm running the studio!! Simpson ( shocked) | oe Lina! Lamont Pictures, Inc. huh? Lina, I ‘think “ you've gone a ‘Little too far -- " Lina ¢ arrogantly) During + this there have been cries of: "Speech Speechi" fon oft screen audience.
1) 194) text: a 4ell52 PLOL Rod (shouting excitedly) 136 Rey, they're yelding for a speech! . . > Lina (blowing her top to Don) A speech! Yeah -- - everybody's been trying to run things -- run me <- you always making speeches for me.’ Well, ‘tonight for the first time - .- I'm gonna do ny own talking: I'm gonna make the speech! Rod (holding her) Not Don't do its (Den and Cosmo exchange a quick look) Don (bland and sincere) Just a minute Rod, This is Lina's big night + and she's entitled to do the talking - Right? Right! Cosmo Lina (savagely) You're darn rignt + Right! |
1) 195) text: She dashes out - “on stage, criumphantly.: . Don exchanges a pleased’ look with Cosmo as he follows her out, : Rod (shouting after Lina, . frantically) . ‘Hey, stupid! Don, don't let her talk}
1) 203) text: ‘Singing In The Rain Name Chg. . 5a3-51 Simpson (also witha , newly acquired glint) so Lina ~ we've got it ~ it's perfect! Now look -- there's a microphone back of that curtain. Kathy will stand back there and sing for you. - Kathy (shocked) Don! : ‘Don (with jaw set) : Fou" ve got to do it, Kathy, -- this thing is too. g- Cosmo (excitedly) Yeah -- Lina's bigger than all of us - nothing — must stand in the way -- . Lina (hopefully) You mean she'll be back of the curtain -- singing =-- and I'll be out front - making with the mouth like in the picture? ‘Cosmo That's it / Kathy (furiously) Let me out of here} I'll never do it ~ . Lina (wildly) She's gotta do it! : . Simpson (with mock sterness) Of course she's gotta do it ~. She's got a five year contract with me! -Get over to that micro phone ~ Sands! ~- . . “. Kathy (bewildered) | oh. os Don (icdly) You heard him Kathy -doith . a) Kathy (turning on hin with hatre Itll do it Don! «= and I'll never see you again - on or off the soreen. : : Coe Cosmo (shouting) Get going. my Kathy exits to behind the curtain. Lina (with great joy) Well, at last somebody's gettin' some sense around here. Thank you, Dont
1) 213) text: ell-5L x9 , 1by smiling and composed to mike tain as applause dies down, There is an orchestra in the pit with’ orchestra leader. Orchestra Leader What are you going to sing, Miss Lamont? Lina looks hesi
1) 215) dialog: tant for a moment. 145 Kathy (whispering towards OF CURTAIN hb Lina . Er - "Singing in the Rain‘. ot . : Orchestra Leader ‘What key? BACK OF ‘CURTAIN A flat. 147 Kathy (whispering) FRONT OF CURTAIN : oo = 148 A flat. Lina The orchestra goes:into the song. From the front we see Lina apparently singing. . The ‘illusion is perfect. : a BaCK OF CURTAIN et We see Kathy singing. _ . .
1) 216) text: } & : ‘ . : : ¥e see Simpson, Bon and Cosmo watching. From this angle, we can see Lina in front. of the curtain, the side'of the curtain itself and Kathy in back of it, singing into the microphone. The three men are standing next to the curtain ropes. Simpson (smiling a little ‘ mysteriously) : Works perfectly, dosn't it? O , Don (with a similar smile) Yeah.- (he fingers the ropes affectionately) Fine -- You_know these ropes here remind me of — that scene I did in "The Prince of Pirates" -- Simpson (innocently) Oh -- which scene was that, Don? . Don _ : When the British flagship was persuing us and ---— : . _ Cosmo (with'mock admiration)” — oS I remember ~ - that was a swell’ scene «~ Don (with growing excite- ment) Yeah ~~ there I was on the ton deck ~~ “a pirate ship was at anchor -- and then suddenly ~ . Che jumps up on a barrel) =- suddenly I spied the Bonnie Prince Hal ~. persuing us with fifty cannon! Bon is now acting to the hilt in an ‘excited stage whisper.
1) 218) text: The curtain is rising and we see Lina, . oblivious of this), mouthing. away into her ~ woe
1) 220) text: mike, while behind her Kathy is revealed 151 in full view of the audience, singing away, CONT'D “We hear the shocked gasps of the audience. . (2) KATHY ~'ON STAGE mo, “5 152 . : Frightened and bewildered, but still sing,’ | . - . , °° dng nervously, she looks towards the wings, 1 ‘0 OVER KATHY'S SHOULDER - TOWARDS WINGS "153 MWe see Simpson, Cosmo and Don, in panto- ~ mime, urging her to keep singing. All grinning broadly. : : ‘SHOTS OF AUDIENCE / i Lite LF The audience reacts in great surprise and — starts to laugh.. : Io, _  LINA = ON STAGE o ce 156 Puzzled by the laughter, but continuing her mouthing. :
1) 222) text: We see J:ina continue her action uncertainly, Kathy faltexs in her singing. She looks ‘ : . ' . very frightened. Cosmo picks up singing NS 3 , . ° the song in a roaring baritone. We see - . Lina for a second or two, with wnat appears to be this huge masculine voice coming out of her throat. Then, horrified, she stops, turns around showly and dashes off the Kathy! Singing In The Rain Name Chg.’ * 543-51 P.97 stage in a great fury. Kathy, truly : “2159 bewildered, looks around wilaly and suddenly _ CONT'D runs down the steps from the stage to the “ (2) audience, and begins dashing up the aisle ‘ to escape. Don rushes out on stage. . - Ton Kathy! She continues running up the aisle. " ‘Don (excitedly) a Ladies and gentlemen -~ stop that girl! The girl . running up the aisle - 3 That's Kathy Sands'= { - He dashes down the steps after her as a group in the rear of the theater halts her progress. He continues talking as he runs down the steps. Lo. , "Don : : That's the girl whose voice you heard and loved — tonight --! That's the real star of the picture @- you're going to see an awful lot of us , : together from now on! ee - (he shouts to her) Sot Don begins to sing "YOU ARE MY LUCKY STAR" «Kathy turns towards him, still looking bewildered. He goes to her, takes her by the hand - and leads her back up onto: stage, still singing. - Cosmo comes out of wings and joins them -~ and the three of them happily sing and dance the song as the’. : theater audience applauds. es