1) 7) text: When the lights come back on Leo rushes out. int. oberon - JUST OUTSIDE bridge THE SECURITY DOOR.  A SHATTER PROOF GLASS BARRIER.  LEO u int. oberon - the bridge - continuous As LEO ENTERS CREW MEMBERS are gathered around a LARGE DI MAJORS FRANK SANTOS (30's) and MARIA COOPER (20's) are al franK We found it. maRIA It found us. Leo looks up to see -- ON screen: an electromagnetic cloud RUSHing through space
5) 0) text: The CLEARING beyond the forest.  Out of a HAZE OF DUST we ATTAR is directing the loading of the carts.  The humans We see DAENA tossed inside one cart.  Then GUNNAR, BIRN. find leo in a group of a dozen other HUMANS.  An APE binds Leo's h LEO'S POV: the SUN enshrouds a DARK SILHOUETTE MOVING TOW ATTAR comes to attention -- with obvious pride at the suc
6) 7) dialog: They're not dumb. They can be taught to live with us ... LEO reaches out for a CHAIN snaked in the dirt -- suddenl limbo There's your 'proof'. Now I'll have to put him down. Karubi and Daena watch intently.  widen Leo wraps an arm, around Ari; tries to maneuver her to th CLOSER: LEO LOCKS EYES WITH ARI. Ari is thrown by the int leo Please ... help me. Ari is startled, frozen.
6) 8) text: DAENA realizes the HANDLERS have been distracted by Leo. limbo Look what you've started.  Now I'm getting a headache.  Leo starts to back up, pressing the spear to her neck. leo Get back. Limbo raises his hands, as if he's scared. limBO Oh, please, please don't hurt her. Leo keeps his eyes on Limbo's hands -- and doesn't see LI limBO (CONT'D) Who needs this aggravation.  Hold him. Limbo hefts the spear. Ari makes her choice --  arI Sell him to me.  limBO Are you crazy?  He's wild...  (re: Daena) ... they're both wild.   arI Then I'll buy them both. Limbo freezes -- a look comes over his face.  Nothing get liMBO That would be expensive ... very expensive.   ari I'm sure we could come to a deal. Limbo scratches his head. He can't resist.  arI (CONT'D) Deliver them to my house. liMBO I'll have to mark him first. In one quick thrust Limbo BRANDS Leo.
6) 10) text: The evening darkens as the MOONS rise above the city.  ext. ari's house - night High-walled gardens strung with red lanterns.  Tapestries ari'S VOICE Father, please, I'll pay with my own money. int. ARI'S kitchen - night Ari chases her Father (SANDAR, chimpanzee, hair streaked sanDAR  Your 'own money' is going to make a pauper of me. ... Whe KRULL (a large, elder silverbacked Gorilla) points. On th Tival and Bon rise immediately.  These 'house humans' are krULL (to Leo and Daena) Rise when your master enters. Daena scowls -- doesn't move.  Krull yanks her up. Leo st saNDAR  Semos, help me, wild humans in my house.  ari (re: Leo) This one seems different.  saNDAR (dismissive) How different could he be? You can't tell one from the ot Leo looks up at Ari, meets her eyes again. Looking right O.S. They HEAR the sound of VOICES.  Sandar is flustered. saNDAR (CONT'D) My guests are here.  Keep the savage ones out of sight  . Ari reacts -- arI Father ...  saNDAR And you'd better be nice to him. Sandar runs out.  Ari looks at Leo -- runs after her fath ext. ARI'S DINING PATIO - NIGHT A long table and garlands of fruit and flowers.  A party at the front door Sandar exchanges ape touches with SENATOR NADO (an elderl sanDAR Good evening Senator Nado, you look lovely tonight. nOVA I'm having a bad hair day. She sighs and strokes the fur on her face. naDO (rolls his eyes) Yet she spends a fortune grooming herself.  nova And I'm worth every penny. She strokes her old husband quickly and runs ahead of him FIND ARI WITH LEETA: in elegant embroidered robes.  leeTA Thade is powerful and aggressive ... what else could you arI Someone I can respect ... and who respects me. leETA Don't play so hard to get. Say 'yes' to him and you'll be ari How many silly parties can you go to? leETA How many are there? Krull appears ringing a small bell.  Sandar sweeps throug sandAR Please, everyone, sit. int. ARI'S kitchen - same time At the sound of the bell Tival and Bon carry wooden trays As soon as they leave Leo jumps up, tests a WINDOW with w leo How the hell did these monkeys get this way? Daena just stares --  daena What other way would they be? leo They'd be begging me for a treat. daENA (confused, looks at him) What tribe do you come from? leo It's called the United States Air Force.  And I'm going b Krull suddenly appears.  krULL Finish your work... no talking. Krull grabs another tray of food and leaves.  Leo waits,
8) 0) text: Thade notices LEO ENTER THE ROOM.  Leo has no choice but thADE What is this beast doing in your house? Ari exchanges a look with her father. ari He'll be trained as a domestic. thade Your ideas threaten our prosperity. The human problem wil Attar And changed the face of the city. leeTA I think the city has about as much diversity as I can han Ari glares at Leeta.  She holds up her EMBROIDERED SCARF. ari This garment was made by one of my humans. Ari smiles at BON, who averts her eyes nervously. arI (CONT'D) Can you deny the skill?  Isn't it obvious they are capabl thADE Everything in 'human culture' takes place below the waist The guests all laugh.  nado Next you'll be telling us that these beasts have a soul. arI Of course, they do. Attar The senator's daughter flirts with blasphemy. Thade and Attar exchange a look.  Thade grabs Leo powerfu
12) 2) dialog: My servant woman will hide her in my house. Gunnar glares at Bon as she steps forward. Ari reaches fo Daena can't bring herself to let go. Karubi surprises the Ari looks at Leo, then runs off. The others follow  quickly.
13) 0) text: Ari runs through the shadows with Leo leading the others. widen They turn a corner.
13) 1) text: Several DARK SHAPES appear. Krull quickly pulls Ari into
14) 3) text: leo My retro-burners ... Birn's eyes are wide.  Leo's excitement infects him. Gunn guNNAR The soldiers will be hunting us. We can still make it to Daena touches a scarred tree.  daeNA I don't understand.  You fell from the sky? leo With my ass on fire. Krull gives Ari a very skeptical look. ari I'm sure he'll explain everything. kruLL How can you explain what can't exist?
14) 5) text: Before they can react -- Leo DIVES INTO THE BOG AND DISAP ON THE BANK: the others wait. No idea what to  think. Birn stands on the edge. The silence unsettles the Leo. Finally, Ari looks at Daena -- ari How long can a human hold his breath beneath the water? Birn looks at Deana -- Is Leo in trouble? Daena dives in.
14) 9) text: Removes a LAPTOP-SIZED DEVICE.  While Leo works to set it Out comes: COMPASS, FLARE, MRE'S (FIELD RATIONS), THERMAL Gunnar tears open the FIELD RATIONS. The contents spill t Leo's box suddenly SQUAWKS to life. The humans  jump back.  ari What is it? leo It's called a 'Messenger'...it keeps an open frequency wi ari It can 'talk'? leo With radio waves.  (off their confused look) Invisible energy that floats all around us.  krULL This is sorcery.
14) 11) text: CLOSE ON ARI -- amazed. daENA You'd better warn them about the apes. leo Better warn the apes about them.  We're in control now. ari It's time you told us the truth. ... Who are you?
15) 6) dialog: Who would invent such a horrible device?   leo  (screams) That 'device' was going to keep me alive.  ari We're better off without it. dAENA There's no 'we' here. arI Must you be so difficult? dAENA Why don't I act more like a slave? arI That's not what I meant. As they argue -- leo Shut up. ... That goes for all  species.
15) 7) text: Ari and Daena separate, then --   daeNA You can't trust them. leo Know who I trust? Myself.  Leo picks up the Messenger and hurries off. 
15) 11) text: FIND THADE -- walking with SANDAR, Ari's Father.   saNDAR If I ever thought that those humans were capable of kidna Sandar's voice breaks. tHADE Don't blame yourself, Senator. Your family above all trie Sandar seems suddenly frail and weak. sANDAR Can you find my daughter? thade If you untie my hands. Sandar is caught off guard. sandar What do you want? Thade stops -- turns to him boldly. thADE Declare Martial Law.  Give me the absolute power to rid o When Sandar hesitates -- thADE (CONT'D) Now is not the time to be timid and indecisive... (steps closer) ... I am the only one who can bring your daughter back to Sandar looks at him -- nods, then leaves quickly.
15) 20) dialog: What are these 'zoo's' you speak of?  ... this word is un leo Zoo's are where you'll find our last few apes. Ari and Krull react. krULL What happened to the rest of them? leo Gone. After we cut down their forests.  The ones that sur ari (shocked and angry) How horrible.  leo We do worse to our own kind.  ari I don't understand ... you seem to possess such great int leo Yeah, we're pretty smart ... and the smarter we get the m Ari looks at Leo. No matter what he says she'll find a wa arI You're sensitive, I knew it. It is an uncommon quality in krull Why don't your apes object to the way you treat them? leo Our apes can't talk. ari Maybe they choose not to, given the way you treat them. Limbo snorts -- he doesn't believe a word. limbo Apes in cages.  Right. daENA Sounds like paradise to me. ext. mountain slopes - CONTINUOUS widen BIRN is watching Leo. Leo smiles at him. Birn is embarras The hill becomes very steep now. Birn looks for something CLOSE ON BIRN'S HAND -- he latches onto AN APE FOOT.
15) 21) text: FOLLOW BIRN caroming down the hill.  INTO FRAME -- SOMEONE catches him. Birn looks up to see L leo They're not real. REVEAL: APE EFFIGIES.  Exaggerated in size, set in fearso Daena steps beside Leo. daENA  The apes put them where they don't want us to go. Crossin leo  What's so important on the other side of this hill? krulL It leads to the ancient ruins at Calima. leo Calima? ari Our Holy writings say Creation began at Calima ... ... wh krull ... and where it is said Semos will return to us one day. arI Of course, most educated apes consider such religious not daENA His friends aren't fairytales. They're real.  Leo continues ACROSS THE LINE OF EFFIGIES. Krull shoves L liMBO  Doesn't he ever stop? STAY ON HUMANS: afraid to cross the line. Birn suddenly s ext. TOP OF THE HILL - evening Leo finally reaches the crest.  Below is a narrow MEADOW Leo and the others hide in the ROCKS.
15) 29) dialog: (over) And if you try to get away, I will tell Thade we bribed y limbo I'll deny it.
16) 0) text: FIND ARI -- lagging far behind. Her eyes wide with terror ATTAR -- sees Ari.  
16) 1) text: Before Ari reaches the river Attar hurls his Bola -- it w LEO sees Ari fall. He turns his horse and races for her.
17) 0) text: Daena, Birn, Gunnar and Tival emerge on the opposite bank pov - on the other side Krull can see Ari head for the rocks. She starts to climb CLOSE ON ATTAR -- he HEARS Krull. They lock eyes across t find leo He rides for the rocks and leaps from his horse. Scramble leo  You have to swim. Ari can't bring herself to enter the river.  Her instinct LEO'S POV: rushing out of the night all he can see is Att ari I can't. leo  I won't let go of you. Attar arrives just as ARI AND LEO LEAP OFF THE ROCKS INTO The apes hurl fireballs after them but they only hiss and ext. across the river - night Krull is still at the water's edge when Ari's HORSE emerg Finally, Limbo rides up. Falls to the ground soggy and mi Gunnar comes up with the shackles. limbo  No, no, wait, there's no need now. gunnar Says who? Limbo gestures angrily across the water. limbo Says them. They tried to kill me... (touches his wound again) ... like I was nothing but a miserable... daENA Human? guNNAR He's a liar and a coward.  PUSH IN ECU ON LIMBO -- he's too smart not to understand limbo (softly) Please, I've nowhere else to go. Tival steps in front of Gunnar, helps Limbo to his feet.  tival Then you belong with us.
19) 0) text: QUICK SHOTS: APE BUGLERS start the clarion call.  DRUMMER wide shot: ext. city of the apes - gate Thade rides in front of his army as it marches to war. omit
20) 0) text: campfire Krull walks off by himself and assumes a "guard" position arI He'll stand like that all night.  leo No question, he's army. I know the type. ari Maybe we're more alike than you think. Leo reacts. Ari looks up at the stars. arI (CONT'D) I'd like to see your world. leo No, you wouldn't. They'd prod you and poke you and throw arI You'd protect me. She gently reaches over and touches his arm. Waits for hi leo You'd never be able to go home again. arI I can't go home now. leo I can't take you with me. ... You're right. We are alike. There is heartbreak in Ari's voice. arI I think after tomorrow, when you find your friends ... I' leo I never promised anyone anything. Ari looks over at Tival, Birn and Gunnar. ari  That's not what they think ... they think you're going to pan across - DAENA is WATCHing THEM as she sits with the other humans grabbing food, shoving Daena looks down at her hand.  Drops her food.  Breaks of tival (sitting INTO FRAME) It's not the way she eats, it's the way she thinks that p Daena looks at him, embarrassed, then -- runs off.
22) 1) text: as Leo gets his first clean look at Calima. EERIE.  SILEN The others have followed.  They wait for him to say somet Leo can't hide what he's thinking; they see it on his fac guNNAR (realizing) They're not here. The notion leaves them unable to speak.  Gunnar explodes. gUNNAR (CONT'D) They were never here. Daena's voice betrays her fear --  daena But ... you said they'd come for you. Ari, Krull and Limbo are watching. Limbo sniffs -- liMBO I know this smell... right, it's a catastrophe. Leo is reeling. He dashes down a STONE PASSAGEWAY. Omit
22) 24) text: thADE (CONT'D) Let them return.  Tomorrow they will die with the humans. Attar lets Krull lead Ari away.  STAY ON THADE -- for one quick moment he looks back for h
23) 1) text: There is movement from behind the rocks. Krull and Ari ap
25) 0) text: Gunnar, Krull, Daena and several other riders on their HO Ari comes riding up. Daena glares at her -- until she see As the APES approach, the horses become skittish.
42) 0) text: Ari arrives at Daena's side.  She reaches down and grabs Their path to safety is blocked by apes. A mighty ROAR comes FROM BEHIND.
44) 3) text: The battle is turning into a rout.  Thade charges through FIND LEO -- he's pulled down from behind.  One APE lifts Ari rides back to the human line. Leo and Birn help Daena The humans try to retreat to the rocks but the Apes have EXT. Calima - SKY TILT UP SLIGHTLY -- something moves on the horizon.  A SM
45) 0) text: Leo slips on his helmet. leo Close pod. The HATCH slides CLOSED. widen: ext. Calima - day Ari, Daena, Attar, Limbo and the others shield their eyes