6) 10) text: The evening darkens as the MOONS rise above the city.  ext. ari's house - night High-walled gardens strung with red lanterns.  Tapestries ari'S VOICE Father, please, I'll pay with my own money. int. ARI'S kitchen - night Ari chases her Father (SANDAR, chimpanzee, hair streaked sanDAR  Your 'own money' is going to make a pauper of me. ... Whe KRULL (a large, elder silverbacked Gorilla) points. On th Tival and Bon rise immediately.  These 'house humans' are krULL (to Leo and Daena) Rise when your master enters. Daena scowls -- doesn't move.  Krull yanks her up. Leo st saNDAR  Semos, help me, wild humans in my house.  ari (re: Leo) This one seems different.  saNDAR (dismissive) How different could he be? You can't tell one from the ot Leo looks up at Ari, meets her eyes again. Looking right O.S. They HEAR the sound of VOICES.  Sandar is flustered. saNDAR (CONT'D) My guests are here.  Keep the savage ones out of sight  . Ari reacts -- arI Father ...  saNDAR And you'd better be nice to him. Sandar runs out.  Ari looks at Leo -- runs after her fath ext. ARI'S DINING PATIO - NIGHT A long table and garlands of fruit and flowers.  A party at the front door Sandar exchanges ape touches with SENATOR NADO (an elderl sanDAR Good evening Senator Nado, you look lovely tonight. nOVA I'm having a bad hair day. She sighs and strokes the fur on her face. naDO (rolls his eyes) Yet she spends a fortune grooming herself.  nova And I'm worth every penny. She strokes her old husband quickly and runs ahead of him FIND ARI WITH LEETA: in elegant embroidered robes.  leeTA Thade is powerful and aggressive ... what else could you arI Someone I can respect ... and who respects me. leETA Don't play so hard to get. Say 'yes' to him and you'll be ari How many silly parties can you go to? leETA How many are there? Krull appears ringing a small bell.  Sandar sweeps throug sandAR Please, everyone, sit. int. ARI'S kitchen - same time At the sound of the bell Tival and Bon carry wooden trays As soon as they leave Leo jumps up, tests a WINDOW with w leo How the hell did these monkeys get this way? Daena just stares --  daena What other way would they be? leo They'd be begging me for a treat. daENA (confused, looks at him) What tribe do you come from? leo It's called the United States Air Force.  And I'm going b Krull suddenly appears.  krULL Finish your work... no talking. Krull grabs another tray of food and leaves.  Leo waits,
7) 0) text: The APES are seated at a long table.  Sandar at the head. nado We just returned from our country house in the rain fores Krull offers food to each guest. sANDAR And how was it? noVA  Bor-ing. naDO I find it relaxing ... being away from the frantic pace o noVA I wanted to go out. But there was no place to go ... noth
13) 1) text: Several DARK SHAPES appear. Krull quickly pulls Ari into
14) 3) text: leo My retro-burners ... Birn's eyes are wide.  Leo's excitement infects him. Gunn guNNAR The soldiers will be hunting us. We can still make it to Daena touches a scarred tree.  daeNA I don't understand.  You fell from the sky? leo With my ass on fire. Krull gives Ari a very skeptical look. ari I'm sure he'll explain everything. kruLL How can you explain what can't exist?
14) 9) text: Removes a LAPTOP-SIZED DEVICE.  While Leo works to set it Out comes: COMPASS, FLARE, MRE'S (FIELD RATIONS), THERMAL Gunnar tears open the FIELD RATIONS. The contents spill t Leo's box suddenly SQUAWKS to life. The humans  jump back.  ari What is it? leo It's called a 'Messenger'...it keeps an open frequency wi ari It can 'talk'? leo With radio waves.  (off their confused look) Invisible energy that floats all around us.  krULL This is sorcery.
15) 21) text: FOLLOW BIRN caroming down the hill.  INTO FRAME -- SOMEONE catches him. Birn looks up to see L leo They're not real. REVEAL: APE EFFIGIES.  Exaggerated in size, set in fearso Daena steps beside Leo. daENA  The apes put them where they don't want us to go. Crossin leo  What's so important on the other side of this hill? krulL It leads to the ancient ruins at Calima. leo Calima? ari Our Holy writings say Creation began at Calima ... ... wh krull ... and where it is said Semos will return to us one day. arI Of course, most educated apes consider such religious not daENA His friends aren't fairytales. They're real.  Leo continues ACROSS THE LINE OF EFFIGIES. Krull shoves L liMBO  Doesn't he ever stop? STAY ON HUMANS: afraid to cross the line. Birn suddenly s ext. TOP OF THE HILL - evening Leo finally reaches the crest.  Below is a narrow MEADOW Leo and the others hide in the ROCKS.
15) 30) dialog: A very large bribe.  Ari and Krull grin at him. Limbo explodes. limbO  The whole thing's suicide. Ride through an army encampmen lEO Attitude is the first human freedom. Leo reaches into the Messenger Box, takes out the FLARE G ext. ape encampment - night close on an altar - inside a tent kneeling on a small woven tapestry.  Eyes closed.  Candle A LOUD WHOOSH -- and the tent is bathed in LIGHT.  Attar ext. tent - around the camP Attar rushes out to see the soldiers staring at the sky. 
17) 0) text: Daena, Birn, Gunnar and Tival emerge on the opposite bank pov - on the other side Krull can see Ari head for the rocks. She starts to climb CLOSE ON ATTAR -- he HEARS Krull. They lock eyes across t find leo He rides for the rocks and leaps from his horse. Scramble leo  You have to swim. Ari can't bring herself to enter the river.  Her instinct LEO'S POV: rushing out of the night all he can see is Att ari I can't. leo  I won't let go of you. Attar arrives just as ARI AND LEO LEAP OFF THE ROCKS INTO The apes hurl fireballs after them but they only hiss and ext. across the river - night Krull is still at the water's edge when Ari's HORSE emerg Finally, Limbo rides up. Falls to the ground soggy and mi Gunnar comes up with the shackles. limbo  No, no, wait, there's no need now. gunnar Says who? Limbo gestures angrily across the water. limbo Says them. They tried to kill me... (touches his wound again) ... like I was nothing but a miserable... daENA Human? guNNAR He's a liar and a coward.  PUSH IN ECU ON LIMBO -- he's too smart not to understand limbo (softly) Please, I've nowhere else to go. Tival steps in front of Gunnar, helps Limbo to his feet.  tival Then you belong with us.
20) 0) text: campfire Krull walks off by himself and assumes a "guard" position arI He'll stand like that all night.  leo No question, he's army. I know the type. ari Maybe we're more alike than you think. Leo reacts. Ari looks up at the stars. arI (CONT'D) I'd like to see your world. leo No, you wouldn't. They'd prod you and poke you and throw arI You'd protect me. She gently reaches over and touches his arm. Waits for hi leo You'd never be able to go home again. arI I can't go home now. leo I can't take you with me. ... You're right. We are alike. There is heartbreak in Ari's voice. arI I think after tomorrow, when you find your friends ... I' leo I never promised anyone anything. Ari looks over at Tival, Birn and Gunnar. ari  That's not what they think ... they think you're going to pan across - DAENA is WATCHing THEM as she sits with the other humans grabbing food, shoving Daena looks down at her hand.  Drops her food.  Breaks of tival (sitting INTO FRAME) It's not the way she eats, it's the way she thinks that p Daena looks at him, embarrassed, then -- runs off.
20) 2) dialog: Calima. Leo dismounts. PUSH IN CLOSE: as Leo opens the MESSENGER INSERT: MESSENGER SCREEN: the BEACON sounds loudly, bounc
22) 1) text: as Leo gets his first clean look at Calima. EERIE.  SILEN The others have followed.  They wait for him to say somet Leo can't hide what he's thinking; they see it on his fac guNNAR (realizing) They're not here. The notion leaves them unable to speak.  Gunnar explodes. gUNNAR (CONT'D) They were never here. Daena's voice betrays her fear --  daena But ... you said they'd come for you. Ari, Krull and Limbo are watching. Limbo sniffs -- liMBO I know this smell... right, it's a catastrophe. Leo is reeling. He dashes down a STONE PASSAGEWAY. Omit
22) 24) text: thADE (CONT'D) Let them return.  Tomorrow they will die with the humans. Attar lets Krull lead Ari away.  STAY ON THADE -- for one quick moment he looks back for h
23) 1) text: There is movement from behind the rocks. Krull and Ari ap
25) 0) text: Gunnar, Krull, Daena and several other riders on their HO Ari comes riding up. Daena glares at her -- until she see As the APES approach, the horses become skittish.