0) 0) text: PUSH IN SLOWLY through thick ferns, mossy trees. Peaceful but like the calm before the storm. Like a scene from Jurassic Park. Suddenly, a LOW RUMBLE... the sound of FEE rushing. Little feet. Lots of them. A FLASH OF BLUE in the underbrush. And another. Then... A explosion of blue and white as a throng of blue GNOME-LIK creatures (SMURFS) explode into view, frantically fleeing gazelle-like precision or like a school of land-going fis (NOTE: Smurfs will be CGI in a live-action world, through As they whip past camera, a beast explodes from the bushe leaping directly toward the SCREEN, claws and fangs bared It’s a huge mangy HOUSE CAT -- terrifying from a Smurf’s At the head of the Smurfs is a sweet, dopey, but terrifie looking fellow. This is CLUMSY. We rocket into a CU of hi face and... FREEZE FRAME. SUPER: “ONE HOUR EARLIER”
1) 7) dialog: We could do the hokey pokey.
1) 10) dialog: Thank you. I think.
1) 20) dialog: Papa Smurf! Papa Smurf! Papa pours one drop... then, WHAM! The door flies open an Clumsy rushes in. Startled, Papa drops in the whole bottl and the potion explodes.
1) 22) dialog: Brainy sent me to see if you need any help getting ready for the festival.
1) 24) dialog: He said my dancing was so good, I should take a break so he doesn’t pull his hair out in happiness! THE SMURFS - Stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 4. Smurfette appears in the doorway.
1) 29) dialog: Can I get the starweed, Papa? Please! It’s my fault you ran out.
1) 32) dialog: But I’m brave! If danger comes, I’1l just freeze, like you taught us. Striking an absurd “blending” in pose, Clumsy hits a pile ancient books, which buries him. He leaps back up.
1) 33) dialog: I’m o-kay
1) 35) dialog: Oh. Sure, Papa Smurf... Sorry. Clumsy sadly exits. Papa begins cleaning. Smurfette watch him, concerned. THE SMURFS - Stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 5. From 0.S.
5) 0) text: A tiny BLUE HAND reaches from within the undergrowth and a starweed flower. TILTDOWN down to reveal Clumsy, fillin sack with the flowers for Papa. berry... then another. Nearby, a few more BLUE HANDS suddenly pick a branch clea
5) 1) dialog: We’re too young to pick starweed? Ha. It’s too dangerous? Pleeease. THWACK! William Tell’s apple-laden arrow lands like a tot pole beside Clumsy, terrifying him and revealing him to b precisely three apples high. He FREEZES in his absurd pos
6) 1) dialog: He’s coming! He’s coming! Up ahead, a troop of other SMURFS stop picking smurfberri and look up to see Clumsy with Azrael is not far behind. Clumsy charges through the group and they instantanly fol FREEZE FRAME: On Clumsy’s terrified face. SUPER: “THIS IS WHERE YOU CAME IN.” The action resumes as the Gazelle-like pack rushes throug woods. Coming upon JOKEY and other Smurfs, working on SMU DAM. They charge across.
6) 2) dialog: Azrael!
7) 2) dialog: Aaaaaaaaagh! Clumsy and the others roar into the village on the rafts, leaping and falling to shore.
7) 3) dialog: Papa Smurf! Papa Smurf!
7) 8) dialog: Papa Smurf! Gargamel’s coming. THE SMURFS - Stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 11.
9) 2) dialog: (forgetting their danger) Hey, look! The Blue Moon! Peeking through trees, a huge BLUE MOON edges over the ra As its rays hit the pond, Clumsy doesn’t see the little f begin to magically SHIMMER behind him.
11) 0) text: In classic European style, woods and lawns flourish near Centre. TOURISTS stroll the booths of a TRADE SHOW. VENDO show everything from hybrid cars to hi-tech health gear. BOOM DOWN from a Int’l Retailers Faire Banner, to find Cl wet and afaid, under a bench, staring up at a black monol CLUMSY'S POV: Tilt up to reveal a statue of a Smurf. The plaque reads: “Le Grand Schtroumpf par Peyo.” Hearing LAUGHTER he turns to a large, colorful MUSHROOM t looms ahead, looking somewhat like a Smurf Cottage. We recognize it as a MOONBOUNCE.
11) 1) dialog: Papa? As Clumsy approaches, WHOOSH! He's SUCKED AGAINST the moonbounce intake grill. The blower begins to WHEEZE. CHILDREN SCREAM as the moonbounce begins to deflate aroun them. PARENTS come running. A CORD is KICKED. The blower CUTS OFF. Clumsy flops to the ground. People see him...
13) 0) text: Looking to hide, Clumsy scrambles past the shoes of PATRI WINSLOW (30s), a handsome, harried, American marketer for cosmetics powerhouse. As Patrick takes notes on a rival’s products, his phone RINGS. INTERCUT WITH...
15) 0) text: As Patrick exits, we see Clumsy trapped in a clear souven box. Patrick’s boss's droll, Asian, assistant, VAN, appea
17) 2) dialog: (faintly) Papa Smurf, Papa Smurf! The Smurfs look up to see Clumsy, waving frantically from within his box as Van and Patrick load into a TAXI. Gutsy leads a charge of several Smurfs for the Taxi.
18) 0) text: Patrick tries to get comfortable in his seat. Finally, he pulls Clumsy from the souvenir box, looks him over, then stuffs him behind his head as a neck pillow. CLOSE ON: Clumsy, his face mashed into the window. His ey go wide as the earth pulls away 15,000 feet below him. He on his way to... “Usa.” FADE OUT. INT. BRUSSELS INT’L AIRPORT - TICKET COUNTER - DAY Gargamel argues with a Belgian TICKET AGENT. THE SMURFS - Stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 22.
23) 0) text: The door latch JIGGLES and SHAKES. Finally the stuck door shouldered open and Patrick enters with his bags. He slip his shoes off and tip toes up the stairs, noting swatches PAINT SAMPLES remaining from unfinished tests, long ago. IN Sam’S ROOM -- Patrick tousles his son’s hair and slide new snow globe on the desk -- beside a row of similar sno globes Patrick’s brought back from all over the world. IN SOPHIE’S ROOM -- Patrick finds his young daughter asle her princess bed. Patrick slides Clumsy beneath one arm, kisses her on the head. Sophie stirs just enough to notic the gift and smile. Patrick smiles, too, and exits. Clumsy’s eyes pop open. He tries to squirm free, but Soph rolls over, pinning him beneath her chest. He’s struggles but can’t move. Exhausted, he lays back and passes out. IN THE MASTER BEDROOM -- Patrick quietly undresses and re to climb into bed beside a clearly exhausted Gracie. He s on a toy, which launches into SONG, waking baby Reina, wh bursts into tears. Gracie starts to get up.
25) 0) text: Clumsy heaves the great door closed, then scales the sink cabinet, to get further from Tarzan, who paws at the door ON THE COUNTER: Clumsy collapses to catch his breath. Aft beat, he SNIFFS something sweet and follows his nose to.. BERRY-BURST liquid HAND SOAP. Famished, he sucks down a mouthful, then grimaces, BURPIN huge BUBBLE. Stepping back, he triggers the BLOW DRYER wh sets him running in place in pool of slippy soap. Reaching for support, Clumsy yanks the plug and all is QU He spots a “crystal pool,” below and climbs eagerly down. INTO THE TOILET: HUMMING happily, Clumsy enjoys a quick s under the arms and a GARGLE. Ahh, refreshing. To climb ou he grabs the handle... FLUSH! Flailing wildly for balance, Clumsy grab the toilet paper which unfurls as he falls toward the raging whirlpool bel Just as he would be lost, he’s plucked free. Clumsy looks from Sophie’s grasp to see her towering over him in her princess jammies. He tries freezing again.
25) 3) dialog: Please your highness, don’t hurt me! I'll do whatever you say! I didn’t mean to wake you. I just want to go home!
34) 0) text: Sophie feeds Clumsy, who stares over her shoulder, distra
34) 2) dialog: No, it's... it's... Papa Smurf! Sophie follows Clumsy’s stare to the doggie door, where P freezes, half in/half out, being lowered by Hefty and Gut
35) 2) text: Smurfacalifragilous. With Clumsy happily at his side, Papa, on the counter, oversees the feeding of his family with Brainy’s “help.”
35) 3) dialog: Then I woke up under Sophie’s arm and she’s kept me safe every since.
35) 8) dialog: (noticably relieved) Aaaaaaah. Thanks, Papa Smurf.
45) 0) text: The family stands around Patrick, who sits at the table, staring dumbfounded at Clumsy. Clumsy looks to Sophie, anxious to understand Patrick’s expression.
45) 2) dialog: Oops. Guess I’m still a bit stiff from you using me as a neck pillow.
50) 0) text: A loud KNOCK at the door. Sophie enters with Clumsy and Handy. Leaving the security chain on, she cracks the door
50) 5) dialog: The GUITAR HERO MUSIC stops 0O.S. as Smurfs flee from Azr Crazy erupts in a series of ALARM noises. THE SMURFS - Stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 51.
52) 9) dialog: Oh, boy, this is all my fault.
53) 0) text: Patrick and Gracie pull into the drive. INT HALL/SOPHIE’S ROOM - NIGHT - MOMENTS LATER Patrick & Gracie peer in to find Sophie, Reina and Clumsy asleep, cuddled with several Smurfs in bed. Dozens more S peacefully, cuddled in shoe-box beds all over the room. INT. SAM'S ROOM —- NIGHT - MOMENTS LATER Patrick & Gracie peer in to see Sam sleeping amidst the clutter of his room. Gutsy SNORES in the helicopter.
66) 0) text: Sophie, Clumsy and Sam gape, slack-jawed, into the tank.
75) 0) text: A few TOURISTS stroll the sidewalk, oblivious to the over turned dog food box, paper bag, and jumbo take-out carton stumbling along, powered by little blue feet. A ROTTWEILER on a leash, BARKS, startling the Smurfs. The tumble down the stairs of a lower level apartment. IN THE STAIRWELL: Papa, Gutsy, Hefty and Clumsy shake off their disguises. Papa wrestles with the unwieldy map.
75) 4) dialog: (clearly not) I'b fime. Let's kleep Smurfin’.
75) 6) dialog: (overstating) Mmmm, burfsmerries... Buch metter.
75) 11) dialog: I’m sorry, Papa. This whole thing’s my fault, so I just had to be sure you'd all make it home.
81) 3) dialog: (delirious) I’m goob! Better felt never!
82) 1) dialog: Smapa Purf! Come on! dHurryupyit! Papa arrives at the hole, mortified by the slow going. He looks back toward the doorway. IN THE FRONT ROOM: Gargamel CURSES as Azrael helps him RI beloved robe free, sword by sword.
82) 10) dialog: Papa!
82) 13) dialog: Noooooce! Papaaaaaa! Left alone with Gargamel, Papa holds the mirror against t scepter’s beam as long as he can but finally...
83) 0) text: The FULL MOON lights the Murky water pouring into a storm drain. KERPLOSH! Three GASPING Smurfs flop out. Hefty pul Clumsy to shore as they catch their breath.
90) 9) dialog: And keep your theat belts fasthened until we thum to a compleep... thlop. (flops onto the table) Are we yare thet? THE SMURFS - Stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 89.
101) 18) dialog: I’m sorry guys... I-- blew it again. Spent and pale, Clumsy’s hand drops into the water.
101) 20) dialog: I just wish... the moon was really blue... and you all could go home. Triggered at Clumsy’s hand in the water, the magic blue essence shimmers on the water. BLUE ENERGY arcs over the surface of the pond, dancing on the reflection of the moo Then, it rises up toward the Moon itself.
101) 34) dialog: Papa?
101) 37) dialog: You're not dreaming, Sophie. I am your friend.