3) 5) dialog: Aye, the very same. Treacherous creatures whose very essence can be the source of infinite power! THE SMURFS - Stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 7.
3) 8) dialog: Don’t be absurd. MEOOOW. AZRAEL, the huge scraggly CAT, whom we recognize the opening, rubs against Gargamel’s leg. GARGAMEL (CONT’D) Not now, Azrael. The crowd LAUGHS again.
3) 10) dialog: You'll rue the day you laughed at the great, and soon to be exceedingly powerful... Gargamel. Hurling a vial to the floor, POOF! Gargamel vanishes in a PLUME of smoke. The crowed 00000's in awe. Suddenly, the scroll is YANKED from Tony’s hand and begins beating him.
3) 11) dialog: Who's laughing now? Who? Or is it whom? Either way, it is I, I! THE SMURFS - Stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 8. But as he gloats, he doesn’t notice his invisibility wear off... until Tony decks him into the crowd. KNIGHTS fall dominos. Lanterns fly. Flames erupt. Everyone flees.
4) 0) text: People rush from the fire. Gargamel staggers out with Azr
4) 1) dialog: Cursed invisibility spell! Making a mockery of me! But with this, we shall never be mocked again. (reveals scroll segment) Feast your eyes, Azrael! Feast! They stare absurdly at the scroll segment for a beat, “feasting.” Clearly, it bears greater import than Tony kn GARGAMEL (CONT’D) This will lead us to the Smurfs. And when we extract the essence of those wretched beasts, pure, unfailing, unimaginable power will be ours. And these fools will worship us like gods. A FAIRE GOER, among MANY taking lessons at “BILL TELL’S” ARCHERY BOOTH, turns to mock Gargamel...
5) 3) dialog: (stops abruptly) Now you’re just milking it. Gargamel smooths the pieces together and the pages MAGICA BOND, shimmering to life. GARGAMEL (CONT’D) Behold, my friend...The window of Smurf. ANGLE ON the completed scroll: like a living window: Clum revealed in the woods below the castle.
7) 6) dialog: (starting the famous song) BLuuUE MOoooN. YOU SAW ME STANDING
7) 10) dialog: Oh, you can run... But I’1ll tan your hide! Papa and Clumsy dash for a mushroom cottage. But Gargamel obliterates it with his foot. The force of the STOMP send Papa and Clumsy FLYING in opposite directions. In the melee, Papa smashes open what looks like a glass c where a fire hose would be. But instead of a hose, it contains a leather pouch with an emergency stash of smurfberrires.
9) 4) dialog: Cowards! Come out and fight like men! Albeit, very small, decidedly blue men, but still-- Suddenly his face LIGHTS UP... as he sees the SHIMMERING enveloped in a RAINBOW of ENERGY.
10) 0) text: CLOSE ON another falls in a similar grotto. The walls beh the falls CRACKLE with ELECTRICITY, then, Whoosh. Out com Papa, followed by a chain of SCREAMING Smurfs. They land churning pool, just beneath the falls. UNDERWATER: Smurfs frantically swim to the surface. As Hefty pulls comrades ashore -- Whoosh -- another CRACK ENERGY and Gargamel's hand reaches from the falls.
12) 0) text: Gargamel stumbles about in the pond, hoisting a log like BATTERING RAM. His clothes are a bit more tattered and hi face is blackened by Jokey’s recent explosion.
12) 1) dialog: Hold on to your catnips, Azrael... And with that, he charges the tiny falls with the log.
15) 7) dialog: What manner of freakish realm is this, Azrael? Yet, even here, the stench of Smurfs gives me goosebumps. ON GARGAMEL: he spots a tall, attractive NORDIC WOMAN. GARGAMEL (CONT’D) You there! Trollop! I’m searching for these nasty blue creatures--—
15) 9) dialog: Trollop... tart, wench-- WHAP! She decks him and marches off. Gargamel rubs his fa His first “touch” by a woman, Gargamel tingles with a str sensation. He sits up, holding his heart. GARGAMEL (CONT’D) Wait... You mystical, divine she- beast... Come back!
17) 4) dialog: (to Patrick) Stop! Thief! That’s my Smurf! Gargamel’s cry is lost in the CROWD NOISE. Oblivious, Pat lowers a devastated Clumsy into the trunk. Gargamel charges, but the Taxi pulls away, leaving him GA for breath... directly over the crestfallen Smurfs His internal senses atingle, Gargamel looks down to see G and the others at his feet.
17) 10) dialog: No! My Smurfs! Mine! Miiiine! He falls on his back, clutching a shred of label and tape wind knocked out of him.
17) 12) dialog: You, knave! Pray tell, where is the “Usa" of these sacred writings?
17) 14) dialog: And how many doubloons does one need for mule passage to this, Usa?
17) 16) dialog: (bewildered) A flying mule? Just then... a 777 ROARS overhead. Gargamel covers his he in terror. Then... A crooked smile creaks across his face
18) 0) text: Patrick tries to get comfortable in his seat. Finally, he pulls Clumsy from the souvenir box, looks him over, then stuffs him behind his head as a neck pillow. CLOSE ON: Clumsy, his face mashed into the window. His ey go wide as the earth pulls away 15,000 feet below him. He on his way to... “Usa.” FADE OUT. INT. BRUSSELS INT’L AIRPORT - TICKET COUNTER - DAY Gargamel argues with a Belgian TICKET AGENT. THE SMURFS - Stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 22.
18) 1) dialog: But I demand passage on your terrible winged beast!
18) 3) dialog: Yes, of course. Wouldn’t want to take up too much room in the belly of your flying machine. He steps away from the counter and begins rummaging in hi magic bag. Azreal MEWS, confused by Gargamel’s sly smile.
20) 0) text: The bin opens. In the dark far end, a pocket in a carry-o WRIGGLES. A tiny MEOW, then, a TINY Gargamel and Azrael s a SNICKERS BAR aside and peek out from the pocket.
20) 1) dialog: Of course, I thought this through. It’s a standard Class A Shrinking Spell. What could go wrong? Azrael MEOWS as his tail suddenly grows to full size.
20) 2) dialog: Oh, dear.
21) 0) text: In a FLASH of SMOKE and LIGHT, life-sized Gargamel and Az tumble out of the overhead bin. People SCREAM, panicked b the “explosion” and smoky man, face-down in the aisle.
21) 1) dialog: It’s okay, I’m a wizard.
24) 0) text: Several DRIVERS hold name placards, awaiting their passen Gargamel approaches one, reading “Smith.”
24) 2) dialog: Smurf.
24) 4) dialog: Smurf, you dunderhead ignoramus. (suspicious) Who sent you? What do you know of these runes?
24) 6) dialog: Yesssss, my speaking-impaired friend. I vant stop zhere first. The driver tries to take his bag. Gargamel yanks it back. INT. SOPHIE’S ROOM - DAWN Clumsy YAWNS and stretches in the first morning light. Suddenly, he jolts awake, no idea where he is. Inching from beneath Sophie, he takes in the giant prince then backs into something wet. He turns and stares into t sleeping snout of Tarzan, the beagle. Clumsy backs into a pile of toys, burying himself in an avalanche of lifeless, horrifying DOLL FACES. Worst of al SNIFF SNIFF... Tarzan GROWLS. Sophie SHUSHES in her sleep
26) 0) text: Azrael and Gargamel each hang out the window like a dogs, taking in the Big Apple. They are mesmerized by billboard and jumbotrons touting beauty, fashion and youth. Noting the limo’s decanter, Gargamel takes a swig, then s takes all over the back of the limo. Meanwhile, an ANGRY STREAM OF ARMENIAN comes from DISPATC
27) 0) text: Gargamel, his cat, bag and crumpled shipping label are to from the car. The driver, CURSING IN ARMENIAN, speeds awa
27) 1) dialog: Lunatic demon! I’m keeping your peanuts!! Seeing the shipping label floating in the gutter, toward storm drain, Gargamel leaps and grabs them. GARGAMEL (CONT’D) Ye gods, the runes! Azrael YOWLS sniffing at the label. GARGAMEL (CONT’D) What now, cat? THE SMURFS - Stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 27. Gargamel examines the tape more closely... FINE BITS OF G HAIR are embedded within. Pushing Azrael aside, Gargamel’ eyes go wide with excitement... GARGAMEL (CONT’D) Praise all darkness! Papa's beard! It's not much, but even a smidgen of Smurf, in the right hands, should yield power and riches beyond belief. Gargamel eyes a Porta Potty near a renovation project. GARGAMEL (CONT’D) Ahh, this should make a nice laboratory in which to tease the powers from these precious strands. They enter the Porta Potty. After a beat... SNIFF...MEOW! GARGAMEL (0.S.) (CONT’D) I agree. Someone’s been working a dark and terrible magic in here. They quickly stagger out, GASPING.
28) 0) text: Gargamel and Azrael stomp through the shrubs and come upo BELVEDERE CASTLE -- a rundown architectural folly, amazin like his home. He smiles. Gargamel bashes the LOCK open with a ROCK and peers into cob-webbed labyrinth of old park junk... It’s perfect.
28) 1) dialog: Oh, baby... Daddy’s home.
33) 0) text: More haggard than ever, Gargamel and Azrael have worked feverishly, refashioning the castle into a crude laborato A candle churns smoky brew in an old coffee urn into VAPO which pulses through a Rube Goldberg-esque rig.
33) 1) dialog: This is it, Azrael. All my life has built to this moment. (accidently BREAKS WIND) Alright, this next moment... The piece de la resistance, the creme de la creme... MUSIC builds as Gargamel produces the tuft of Papa's bear adds the hair to the urn... The room is engulfed in SFX. GARGAMEL (CONT’D) Yes! YES! Never again will they laugh at Gargamel! Gargamel places a tiny, exquisite glass cordial at the funnel, capturing a wee squirt of Smurf-blue ESSENCE. GARGAMEL (CONT’D) At last, the ultimate magic potion... Essence du Smurf!. He pours a drop onto a crumpled COKE CAN, turning it to G GARGAMEL (CONT’D) (in ecstacy) Oooo! Eeee! Aaaah!... Shiiiney! (Azrael licks the gold). Stoppit, cretin! Gargamel polishes the bar... then licks it himself. THE SMURFS - Stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 32. GARGAMEL (CONT’D) Mmmmm! We're going to require more Smurfs.
36) 0) text: Armed with the gold, Gargamel and Azrael push through CRO to gaze, flumoxed, at Armani suits in the windows at BARN
36) 1) dialog: Ludicrous! Where’s a brilliant wizard to find a simple hairy robe? He smooths his filthy robe, then, his jaw drops... RACK FOCUS: Reflected in the window is Patrick's Company on the office building across the street. Gargamel turns and charges into traffic causing utter cha INT. LAURENT INT’L HEADQUARTERS - LOBBY BOUTIQUE - AFTERN Expansive, exclusive, like Lancéme’s HQ, it’s Niketown fo your face. Deep in the lobby, Odile berates her MINIONS.
36) 5) dialog: You there, fancy woman. Fetch me the proprietor of this bazar at once. Gargamel and Azrael seem homeless and feral at best. The cosmetologist beckons to an undercover SECURITY AGENT.
36) 7) dialog: Unhand me, knave! Or you'll live out your days as newt! (as guard tightens grip) Or perhaps another small amphibious reptile of your fancy? In their struggle, the vial empties onto the cosmetologis GARGAMEL (CONT’D) Ye, gods! My potion! A “youth” effect spreads over the cosmetologist. She SHIV with pleasure as her face, bust, hair, and entire being, become 25 years younger. Gargamel is himself, surprised.
36) 9) dialog: Well, I hope you’re happy. You were a perfectly respectable hag, yet you wasted my fine blue brew turning yourself into a strumpet!
36) 13) dialog: I... I... well... Obviously, my potion is more amazing than even I expected.
36) 15) dialog: (re her mother) W-why would I do that again?
36) 17) dialog: Women? Shrewdly changing tacks, she draws closer, stroking his c with a perfectly manicured finger. She speaks seductively
36) 19) dialog: (enraptured, dazed) Oh. Yes, it’s so... wearying... always being the object... of desire.
36) 21) dialog: (overcome ) I'm sorry... Did you say... genius? THE SMURFS - Stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 40. Odile locks eyes with the strange man before her.
36) 23) dialog: Azrael, we're going to like it here.
37) 0) text: Odile and Van sit across from Gargamel and Azrael in the lunchroom to midtown’s elite.
37) 2) dialog: (keeping an eye out) To be expected. I’11 need some bowman and a few good knights, preferably in shining armor. Odile starts to laugh, but realizes he’s not joking.
37) 7) dialog: So, I pay extra for animal cruelty? THE SMURFS - Stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 4l.
37) 9) dialog: Speaking of unforeseen, this place hasn’t got a pot to piss in. (to waiter) You! Urchin! Fetch me a chamber pot. This swill you call Cristal has gone straight to my nether region.
37) 11) dialog: Thank the gods... Gargamel grabs an empty SOUP TUREEN from a passing tray a disappears behind a potted plant. Odile smiles and nods a perplexed DINERS as if nothing is wrong. Relieved, Gargamel hands the pot to the Waiter. GARGAMEL (CONT’D) Toss this out a window, will you?
37) 13) dialog: Hear that, Azrael? Worshiiiip. It rolls off her tongue, like flesh from a martyr. Azrael GULPS down a prawn than BURPS in agreement. Eying huge aquarium he jumps in and paddles madly for a bite. T staff rushes to pull him out, but Odile waves them off.
37) 15) dialog: Your liege? Oh yes, yes! I’1l gladly provide you more potion. There’s just one thing... THE SMURFS - Stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 42. Gargamel produces the crumpled shipping label and begins smoothing it on the table. GARGAMEL (CONT’D) You see, there was this box, and something most dear to me was--
37) 17) dialog: No, you're too sweet.
37) 19) dialog: My what?
39) 0) text: Patrick emerges in his Smart car. Gargamel spots an empty HORSE AND CARRIAGE waiting on its dining tourists. The DR stands nearby, reading...
40) 0) text: Patrick crawls along in slow traffic. Unnoticed in his rearview mirror, Gargamel and Azrael’s gain on him in the carriage. Gargamel whips a guy in a convertible Porsche. THE SMURFS - Stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 44,
40) 1) dialog: Move aside, peasant! How dare you obstruct my path to greatness! Impatient, Gargamel side-swipes the Porsche, Ben-Hur styl leaving the angry driver in his wake.
41) 0) text: Patrick slows to turn into a quiet neighborhood. Gargamel horse CLOMPS into view behind him stops.
41) 1) dialog: No! Don’t stop! We’re so close! I can feeeeel it! The horse keels over, into a SNORING slumber, flipping th carriage and ejecting Gargamel. GARGAMEL (CONT’D) Infidel quitter! Four-legged Judas! He begins to CRY inconsolably, Azrael CRIES with him.
47) 1) dialog: Come out, come out, little Smurfs. I promise not to hurt you... very much. Realizing he’s being watched, Gargamel SNARLS at the man. Unnerved, the man resumes SUCKING debris from his yard.
49) 0) text: The sound of ROCK MUSIC draws Gargagmel’s eyes up to a wi now silhouetted with rockin’ Smurfs. He smiles and casts look at the man with the leaf vacuum. EXT. WINSLOWS’ ROOF - EVENING - SAME Papa studies the stars with Sam’s telescope, concerned by their positions. Rechecking his calculations, he grows mo concerned, not noticing as the scope drifts down to... CLOSE ON: Gargamel's face as he stuffs the neighbor into trashcan, whacking him with the nozzle of the leaf vac. Back to the scope, Papa GASPS, then charges the window, b bounces off. It’s jammed. He eyes... the chimney.
50) 3) dialog: Heeeeere's Gargy! RRRRRRrrrrrrr! He REVS the leaf vac and sucks up Vanity. GARGAMEL (CONT’D) Deeeeeeeeeeelicious! (LAUGHS, then to Azrael) Make it so, Number One! Azrael GROWLS with delight and charges upstairs. Gargamel vacuums up Clumsy as Sophie sits up.
50) 16) dialog: Come to papa... Papa! Gargamel shoves the vac tube under the desk. MEOOW! The v sticks on Azrael’s butt, SUCKING him in. The motor STRAIN Gargamel withdraws the tube to find Azrael’s tail protrud GARGAMEL (CONT’D) Azrael, No! Speak to me! Speak to me sweetkins! As Gargamel SMACKS the tube about, Sam, Gutsy and Handy h everything they’ve got at him from the bannister.
51) 0) text: Gargamel lays on his back, out cold. The Winslows door op and Azrael is BOOTED into a heap beside his master as the slams closed again. As Azrael licks Gargamel’s face... RING. Van’s phone. Puzzled Gargamel, opens it, and is startled by Odile’s vo
51) 2) dialog: Fear not, m’lady. I’11l have the ingredients for your potion any minute, now.
51) 6) dialog: You again! On your knees! (FIRES up blower) All of you! On your knees or feel the wrath of the great and powerful-- ZAPPPP! A police taser takes him down.
52) 0) text: The kids and Smurfs watch out the window, CHEERING as the police drive off with Gargamel. THE SMURFS - Stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 54.
56) 0) text: Papers are stamped with a BANG. A filthy, long-nailed thu is imprinted. In a FLASH, Gargamel’s dour MUG SHOT appear MEOW! A caged Azrael WAILS as he and Gargamel’s bag are checked into the property room. A cell door SLAMS and Gargamel is left to rot. He shakes the bars...
56) 1) dialog: You can’t do this! I’ma genius! I have to get ready for GlamourCon! They're going to worship me! Worship!
61) 0) text: GANG BANGERS do pull-ups, etc. Gargamel, holding Azrael a his bag, watches the sky. He turns to see BUBBA, a huge c with a phonebook-sized Sudoku book, towering over him.
61) 1) dialog: Do you mind? I’ve summoned the giant eagles to fetch me out of here and you're blocking my view. THE SMURFS - Stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 64.
61) 3) dialog: Look, you fat-necked circus freak, I’m expected at GlamourCon. I am Lady Laurent’s star presenter.
61) 5) dialog: No no! I said, eagles not flies. Gargamel is blackened entirely by flies and lifted slowly the ground, holding Azrael and his bag. GARGAMEL (CONT’D) (spitting out flies) Oh, very well... Up! Up, you inglorious devils! Laboring under Gargamel’s weight, the flies smash him int top of a chin-up bar’s upright pole, groin-first. GARGAMEL (CONT’D) (pained falcetto) Owwwwww! I’m coming, m’lady! He WAILS in pain as the flies drag him, ass-first, throug barbed-wire fence top and away.
63) 0) text: Gargamel DROPS FROM THE SKY. Azrael SPLASHES down beside Plucking off a few SNAPPING TURTLES, they charge back int Belvedere.
67) 0) text: Gargamel kicks the holy crap out of his lab gear, despera trying to squeeze from it some last residue of potion.
67) 1) dialog: C’mon, blast you! I know there’s a drop in there somewhere! He pounds the table so hard that Azrael is bounced up int rafters where he clings upsidedown, WAILING.
72) 0) text: Having all but destroyed his lab, Gargamel desperately st with a candle into his last piece of tubing.
72) 1) dialog: Blast it! I command you, come out! Suddenly great bolt of blue energy shoots from the tubing blowing a hole through the back wall. Gargamel stares at tube, amazed, then lovingly coaxes a few last drops of re into his vial. He smiles at an amazed Azrael... GARGAMEL (CONT’D) You don’t suppose that will come in handy, do you? They toss back their heads in a hearty PIRATE LAUGH.
74) 13) dialog: (to Azrael) Ha! Tony Robbins-Hood can kiss my big hairy Azrael! Eh, kitty? Ha! As they LAUGH, Azrael and Gargamel are swept onto the dan floor and launch into a manic, medieval ROMP. The crowd j in for... A Slumdog, JAI HO-like dance extravaganza. THE SMURFS - Stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 74.
77) 0) text: Champagne flows. Gargamel holds court with a bevy of stun MODELS. All are fit with custom Armani HAIR ROBES.
77) 2) dialog: Now, ladies, let’s not beg. On second thought, do beg. THE SMURFS - Stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 76. GARGAMEL basks in the crowd’s approval, near tears. He’s popular, he’s beloved, he’s a god. Odile pulls close.
77) 4) dialog: My mother would be so proud... If I had one.
77) 6) dialog: (nervously) Oh. Right. Actually... I believe you can help me with that.
79) 4) dialog: Charmed, I’m sure. Gargamel smiles his least sleazy smile, and SNAPS Patrick picture as Azreal PURRS, rubbing against Patrick’s leg.
81) 6) dialog: Hello, old friends. As the Smurfs back away in dread, Gargamel delights in a display of CHINESE BLADES. The Chinese starts from his sl
81) 8) dialog: (ignoring him) Ooooo, enter the dragon... Gargamel grabs a dragon-handled, ivory letter-opener. GARGAMEL (CONT’D) Poor little lizard, looks thirsty. He pours a DROP OF ESSENCE into the dragon’s mouth.
81) 10) dialog: (invoking a spell)
81) 16) dialog: (dodges an energy bolt) Oh, do struggle Papa Smurf! You only make the hunt more savory.
81) 18) dialog: (furious, re robe) You fool! It's Armani! With Gargamel delayed, Papa dashes after the others.
82) 2) dialog: Damn you Azrael! Be careful! Tear on the seam! On the seam!
82) 6) dialog: (taunting) Oh Smurfies.... I’m coooooccoming! Gutsy breaks WIND and disappears down the pipe. Hefty squ in next, but he’s even bigger. Papa makes a decision...
82) 14) dialog: Face it Papa... You’re smurfed. A final massive bolt of blue magic freezes Papa in an ago pose. Gargamel pulls out his new camera/phone. GARGAMEL (CONT’D) Hold that thought! I want this moment to last forever. Gargamel and Azrael pose their grinning mugs on either si Papa as Gargamel point the camera at themselves. CLICK... WHITE OUT.
85) 0) text: A door CREAKS. Footsteps CLOMP. MEOW... Gargamel returns.
85) 1) dialog: (HUMS, lighting candles) Oh, I'll roast a few, and broast a few, and turn the rest to gold... Gargamel uncovers a cage. Inside, Papa is SUSPENDED in CRACKLING ENERGY, still frozen in the same terrified pose Gargamel slaps him into a doll high-chair and tapes him d Coming to, Papa MOANS as Gargamel finishes with the tape GARGAMEL (CONT’D) Ah, Papa Smurf. Amazing world, eh? (re tape gun) Full of my kind of wonders. Papa regards the tape gun wearily. GARGAMEL (CONT’D) Yesss. And if a few bits of Smurf hair yields a vial of your essence, (dangling vial) ...-Imagine what I’1l harvest from a hundred Smurfs! THE SMURFS - Stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 86. Gargamel pours the last of the essense into his Dragon Sc and takes aim on the dungeon... WAZAAM! Wicker chairs bec mushroom-shaped smurf cages. Street barricades morph into smurf-sized “cattle” chutes. In moments, Belevadere is transformed into a Frankenstein “essence factory.” Huge wooden cogs and gears move convey of vials past old-fashioned, Smurf-sized, sweatboxes and “exercise” machinery, which sprout “essence collecting tu GARGAMEL (CONT’D) Say hello to your new home, Papa. It’s where you’ll all be living the rest of your days. And nights. But enough small talk... I’ve got orders to fill. Ecstatic, Gargamel, raises a Sweeny Todd razor over Papa’ head. Papa’s eyes go wide as.. SPLOOSH! Gargamel hits Pap with a facefull of shaving cream. GARGAMEL (CONT’D) (trashing the Smurf song) La la la-la-la-laa, la la la la la. Papa SPITS out cream as Gargamel gleefully begins wiping shavings into a thimble.
97) 0) text: Gargamel and Azrael dance around the essence factory in macabre glee as the glop of Papa’s beard gurgles through ominous test of what’s to come for the Smurfs. Gargamel holds the dragon handle of his scepter to the sp filling its mouth with smurf-blue ESSENCE. The eyes glow REDDER as more BLUE ENERGY engulfs the sheath.
97) 1) dialog: Dumbledore, eat your heart out... (raising the sceptor) Soon, Papa, all your little Smurfs will be mine. THUD. Papa looks up to the roof and smiles. GARGAMEL (CONT’D) Ah, here they are now. THE SMURFS - Stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 94,
97) 3) dialog: Oh, please. Did you really think they'd go home without you? After all you've taught them? Smurf for all and all for... rubbish.
97) 5) dialog: Exactly. You’re one big happy family. And that's your weakness. They're pathetic without you, Papa. And you're the perfect bait.
97) 7) dialog: Keep an eye on him Azrael... Gargamel straps Papa into the essence extractor and fires up. Gears turn, steam HISSES and Papa’s begins to move in the works.
98) 0) text: Gargamel rushes out with a huge sack to find Smurfs creep through the undergrowth all around him. With PENCILS for spears and LASER POINTERS to temporary b Gargamel, the Smurfs hold their own in the first wave. Annoyed, Gargamel stirs the sky with his scepter. Thunder CLOUDS appear, only over his portion of the park. Rooftop Smurfs YELP and cling desperately to the rain gutters. Ot slip and slide in the localized wind and rain and mud. ON BRAINY: watching with Gracie through the spyglasses.
98) 2) dialog: Hello! What have we here?
98) 4) dialog: I’m not falling for that again.
98) 17) dialog: Enough of this! You’re mine!
98) 22) dialog: That. Hurt. Gargamel unleashes a fury of BLUE ENERGY on Patrick, who SCREAMS and shakes in the beam. But Gargamel doesn’t stop ON GRACIE: She drops the spyglasses (and Brainy).
98) 25) dialog: (giving chase) Noooocc0000! ON BRAINY as he recovers from being dropped.
100) 0) text: Gutsy works the joystick on his belly with one hand and clutches Gargamel’s heavy scepter with the other. It’s ro flying. Following below, Gargamel PANTS for breath.
100) 2) dialog: (winded, but smiling) Remember, little one... Pride goeth before the fall.
100) 4) dialog: Gooooooed kitty! Aaaaaaaaaaaaagh! Gutsy, drops the wand and spins out of control, disappear into the trees. ON GARGAMEL: IN SLOW MO, he makes a diving leap for the w as it tumbles toward an open subway vent. Horses SCREAM as a late-night CARRIAGE stops just short o trampling Gargamel. He stands, fire in his eyes... the scepter in his hand.
101) 7) dialog: Ya! YAAAAAA!