45) 17) dialog: I can fix that.
50) 0) text: A loud KNOCK at the door. Sophie enters with Clumsy and Handy. Leaving the security chain on, she cracks the door
50) 19) dialog: Long live the Smurfs! Ahhhhhhhhh! They land on Gargamel’s back as he flails around trying t free Azrael. Gutsy yanks his hair, while handy studies th blower. Plugged by Azrael, it WAILS with INCREASING PITCH Handy spots a switch... REVERSE. CLICK! The pressure begi to build. Oblivious, Gargamel, continues whacking the tub while trying to get Gutsy off his head.
50) 20) dialog: She’s gonna blow! Handy and Gutsy jump clear as Gargamel bangs the vac one time to free Azrael... WHOOSH! Azrael shoots out as if fr canon. MEEOOOWL! He careens off a lamp, slams into a wall and slides into a heap. Gargamel is simultaneously blown back as Smurfs shoot fro vac like from an automatic T-shirt gun. THE SMURFS - Stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 53. Smurfs land everywhere as Gargamel sails, BELLOWING, out door. Sophie SLAMS it shut.
78) 3) dialog: (toasting) To Papa!
95) 0) text: A few huge SNAPPING TURTLES sleep peacefully on the shore Handy falls from the sky, landing beside one. He gingerly steps away then signals into the sky.
95) 1) dialog: (squeaky helium whisper) All clear. ANGLE UP: Smurfs begin popping their balloons with their and dropping like silent paratroopers, all around the cas What little WHISPERING we hear is all silly HELIUM-PITCHE
98) 10) dialog: Don’t point it at anyone unless you intend to hurt them. Patrick grins. The Smurfs, with pencil & rubberband “bows and sewing needle “arrows” at the ready, raise a BATTLE C and follow Patrick down a hill toward... THE SMURFS - Stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 96. GARGAMEL is busy shooting BOLTS of magic at Gutsy, who do for his life in the copter, hampered by the crazy “weathe Patrick, Handy and their group get in range and ready to on Gargamel when... Patrick’s phone RINGS.
99) 5) dialog: Boy, I am I glad to see you girls! But who’s cooking the Blue Moon Potion?
99) 10) dialog: He took Gargamel’s worst... for us.