1) 6) dialog: The whole thing.
10) 0) text: CLOSE ON another falls in a similar grotto. The walls beh the falls CRACKLE with ELECTRICITY, then, Whoosh. Out com Papa, followed by a chain of SCREAMING Smurfs. They land churning pool, just beneath the falls. UNDERWATER: Smurfs frantically swim to the surface. As Hefty pulls comrades ashore -- Whoosh -- another CRACK ENERGY and Gargamel's hand reaches from the falls.
10) 4) dialog: (looking 0.S., awed) Sweet mother of Smurf. The Smurfs follow Romeo’s gaze to... SMURFS'S POV: Just downstream, another “faire” is in prog But unlike the quaint, medieval affair of the opening, th a FULLY MODERN TRADE SHOW of TODAY, with trucks, advertis generators, rides and ROCK & ROLL.
32) 2) dialog: Real Food... Must have real Water! My bench press for a food. drop of water.
35) 37) dialog: For once, I agree with Brainy.
46) 0) text: Sophie brings milk and cookies into the midst of playful as the Smurfs explore the game room. ON an AIR HOCKEY table, Smurfs whiz along, using pucks/pa as hover boards, colliding madly with each other. Smurfet GIGGLES as her dress billows up like Marilyn Monroe's. ON the FOOSEBALL table, Smurfs romp amidst the wooden pla causing them to spin wildly and kick the ball. Hefty make dive as goalie, only to be knocked in by the ball.
68) 0) text: Sophie and Sam keep watch as Gutsy and Hefty file the hor from the skeleton of a prehistoric RHINO.
68) 3) dialog: Uh... I could put that back on. The kids toss the Smurfs into Sophie’s buggy and flee.
75) 0) text: A few TOURISTS stroll the sidewalk, oblivious to the over turned dog food box, paper bag, and jumbo take-out carton stumbling along, powered by little blue feet. A ROTTWEILER on a leash, BARKS, startling the Smurfs. The tumble down the stairs of a lower level apartment. IN THE STAIRWELL: Papa, Gutsy, Hefty and Clumsy shake off their disguises. Papa wrestles with the unwieldy map.
75) 1) dialog: Are we almost there? I’m starving.
75) 12) dialog: (eyes watering up) So... you’ve been giving us your share?
81) 0) text: Gathered around the open book, the Smurfs listen as Papa WHISPERS the spell to Hefty, who copies it like a scribe. old Chinese man is asleep in the B.G.
81) 2) dialog: (as he writes) Good as done. PLOP! Clumsy passes out face down on the writing, then po back up, acting in vain as if nothing happened.
81) 5) dialog: Thank Smurf! There’s Mr. Patrick. The door CREAKS open and in steps... Gargamel.
82) 0) text: Hefty’s pulled the grate off of a small drainage pipe in far corner. Gutsy’s climbs in as Hefty pushes on him. THE SMURFS - Stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 83.
82) 8) dialog: Papa, no! We can’t leave you!
82) 12) dialog: Find a way, Papa... Find a way! Reaching for Papa, Clumsy is yanked into the pipe by Heft
83) 0) text: The FULL MOON lights the Murky water pouring into a storm drain. KERPLOSH! Three GASPING Smurfs flop out. Hefty pul Clumsy to shore as they catch their breath.
83) 2) dialog: Gutsy, we have no choice! He’ll find a way home. He always does. We’ve got to get back to the others, while the moon's still full. Looking around, Hefty eyes narrow on... SMURFS POV, a flock of unsuspecting SEAGULLS SNORES nearb
84) 3) dialog: I am! Just lettin’ him warm up to the idea. Gutsy and Clumsy wince as Hefty is jerked about like a yo until... He finally DECKS the bird with a stiff left hook Immediately the other birds step in line.
90) 13) dialog: It’s everything you need to conjure the Blue Moon and get us home.
90) 27) dialog: (beat) Brainy, Gargamel’s got a magic scepter, now. It spits blue fire and makes him more powerful than ever.
93) 0) text: In a thicket on the west bank, Sophie stirs boiling water camp stove while Hefty preps the spell ingredients.
101) 0) text: In the thicket by the pond Hefty struggles alone to add ingredients to the boiling pot.
101) 1) dialog: (reading) Hair of a Giant... Feather of a flightless bird... The Winslows, Papa and the Smurfs charge onto the scene.
101) 3) dialog: Already, Papa! Sophie and Smurfette rush in with Grouchy and Reina. Ever gathers around the pot as thick BLUE FOG spews from the b
101) 6) dialog: Look! The pond waters being to roil. As in the Forbidden Grotto glistening rock formation rises up. A SHIMMERING PORTAL blazes behind the falling waters. A rocky path emerges, leading to shore. Suddenly, a horse-drawn carriage charges up in the distan
101) 17) dialog: Hey... Look. An inky BLUE spreads from where the wand went in. The reflection of the moon is also blue, but the real moon is still only white. Clumsy, lies weak on the shore, his head in Sophie’s lap.
101) 24) dialog: Good bye! We’ll never forget you! As the Winslows wave back, Hefty reaches out a tentative hand... WHOOSH! He’s sucked through before he knows what happened. A line of others wave goodbye and follow. Gutsy, Jokey and Vanity and Romeo get in line.