15) 4) dialog: (gorgeous French accent) C'est bon! Here’s my marketing genius. Come claim your prize, mon chéri. You deserve it. She pulls him into a group photo in front of the CASTLE.
15) 6) dialog: Keep smiling, mon cheri. lLet’s not offend our hosts. The photo is snapped. Patrick glad hands the BELGIANS. THE SMURFS - Stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 18. ANGLE ON Clumsy, now partially free of the box. Suddenly, ducks back inside as something 0.S. fills him with dread. GARGAMEL and Azrael pass by, taking in the strange new wo
16) 0) text: Van and other WORKERS pack up. Patrick watches nervously Odile studies a larger-than-life display poster of hersel After a beat, she turns abruptly and hands him a file.
16) 1) dialog: Patrick, mon coeur, I want you to help get our Paris campaign back on track.
16) 3) dialog: I’m not saying move there. Just pop over a week or two each month.
16) 5) dialog: And now you have. Didn’t you just have another child? What is that, three now? And a wife. And a dog? Oh, I can’t imagine the pressures you fathers must feel.
16) 7) dialog: Still, more travel, more money, voila... less pressure. I’m only thinking of you, mon, poulet. And only ‘til my makeover of Europe takes hold. A year... two, tops. (on Patrick's torn look) Trust me, Your lovely bride will thank you in the end. (getting in Limo) See you at GlamourCon! With a smile she leaves Patrick miserable in her wake.
36) 2) dialog: (re a display) Dieu m'aide, I’m so bored. (MORE )
36) 4) dialog: The press expects Laurent to surprise at GlamourCon. Yet, I’ve seen all this before. Deja vu does not sell. AT THE ENTRANCE: Gargamel spots an impeccably dressed, mi aged, COSMETOLOGIST, cream-treating her crows feet in vai
36) 10) dialog: Sacré Blu!... Mother?! Gargamel turns, to find Odile gazing in shock at her moth the cosmetologist, newly restored to youth.
36) 11) dialog: Comment?... Que?... qui? THE SMURFS - Stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 39. Odile’s mother points, wordlessly to Gargamel. As Odile stares at him, Gargamel melts, utterly taken in by the mo beautiful woman he’s ever seen.
36) 12) dialog: Who are you? How did you do this?
36) 14) dialog: Can you do it again? She reaches for his empty bottle. Gargamel clutches it.
36) 16) dialog: Don’t play coy. Women would kill for a drop of that.
36) 18) dialog: Of course, a man as charming as yourself is probably bored silly by the attention of beautiful women.
36) 20) dialog: Tout de suite, everyone! Get the man a latte! Caviar! A massage! His any desire! How often are we graced by the presence of such genius? Azrael MEOWS in confusion. Gargamel stomps on his tail, shutting him up, but never turning his gaze from Odile’s.
36) 22) dialog: Unequivocal... Totalement... Genius. Enveloped in a whirlwind of pampering and grovel, Gargame eyes fill with gratitude, his greatness, at last, recogni
37) 0) text: Odile and Van sit across from Gargamel and Azrael in the lunchroom to midtown’s elite.
37) 1) dialog: Monsieur Gargamel, I’1l be frank. Clinique, Lauder, Mac, they’d kill to get what you have in that vial.
37) 3) dialog: Done. Van.
37) 5) dialog: You see, Monsieur Gargamel, while others may promise you the world, Odile Laurent delivers. A huge, almost medieval tray of meats arrives. Gargamel d into a turkey leg and Azrael devours prawns.
37) 6) dialog: Of course, all our testing will be animal cruelty free.
37) 8) dialog: And we assume liability should your formula present any... unforeseen side effects.
37) 10) dialog: (off waiter’s look) Get. The man. A chamberpot.
37) 12) dialog: Gargamel, dahling, you can get me another sample of your incredible potion for tomorrow, mais oui? I'd like to unveil you to the world at GlamourCon. They'll worship you.
37) 14) dialog: Le poisson... Add it to the bill. (then, to Gargamel) So, we have a deal, my liege?
37) 16) dialog: (glancing at the label) Ah, that’s shipping and receiving. Van will take you, tout de suit!
37) 18) dialog: Van, make sure you get his number.
37) 20) dialog: Your cellular? (off his blank look) You do have a phone, don’t you? Of course you don’t, you don’t even have a comb. Van. Van reluctantly hands over his phone.
37) 21) dialog: Until tomorrow, mon cher. Rising to leave, she holds out her hand. Garamel sniffs i tentatively, then licks it like an obedient dog. She smil
37) 22) dialog: Yes, I think this is going to work out just fine.
51) 0) text: Gargamel lays on his back, out cold. The Winslows door op and Azrael is BOOTED into a heap beside his master as the slams closed again. As Azrael licks Gargamel’s face... RING. Van’s phone. Puzzled Gargamel, opens it, and is startled by Odile’s vo
51) 1) dialog: Gargamel, dahling. Just checking in. How's it coming? The sound of her brings him to life. He stares coldly at house as the Smurfs and children shut windows, pull shade etc. All in a vain attempt to keep him out.
51) 3) dialog: Fabuleux! I'11 send a car for you at two, tomorrow. Mon chéri, when you take the GlamourCon stage and the spotlights come on, you’ll be a star. Suddenly the spotlights do come on and Gargamel is filled anticipation as... POLICE CARS surround him.
54) 0) text: Patrick listens to FRENCH lessons on his laptop, while reviewing the Paris file Odile gave him.
74) 11) dialog: Ladies and Gentleman, and now the moment you’ve all been waiting for... Laurent International presents... Monsieur Gargamel. A curtain swooshes open. Gargamel and Azrael blink into t SPOTLIGHT as two STUNNING MODELS slip a new Armani HAIR R onto each of them, like a rock stars. Odile takes Gargamel’s hand and the three of them stride runway to the MUSIC. Pausing at WOMAN VOLUNTEER (50's), t pull her up to the runway. Gargamel theatrically opens hi vial and pours a drop of potion onto her head. In SHIMMER OF MAGIC, the woman TRANSFORMS into a gorgeous year-old version of herself. Her image fills the BIG SCRE
74) 12) dialog: Mes amis! The Rasputin of the Beauty Révolution!... The the crowd goes INSANE. As much as Gargamel was mocked the opening... Now, he is adored.
77) 3) dialog: Well, it looks like you and I are going to rule the world.
77) 5) dialog: (fondling his vile) All we need now are truckloads of this stuff.
79) 2) dialog: Patrick, Dahling, my office, S'il vous plait? Patrick SIGHS at yet one more thing... INT. ODILE’S OFFICE - NIGHT Patrick enters to find Odile seated behind her elegant de
79) 3) dialog: Darling, this this is Monsieur Gargamel. He believes you have something of his. Gargamel sprawls on the couch, playing with Van’s phone.
98) 13) dialog: Don’t honey me, mon mignon. Did you get the man his little bleu thingies?
98) 15) dialog: Listen, forget Paris. That strange little of ours is going to do great things for us. I’m going to need you in, London, Hong Kong, Bejing...
98) 18) dialog: Oh, is he there? Put him on.
98) 20) dialog: Monsieur Gargameeeeeeeeceel? BAM! The Blackberry shatters on Gargamel’s head just befo he fires on Gutsy. THE SMURFS - Stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 97. ON GRACIE: watching through Binoculars.
101) 44) dialog: What on earth are you doing?
101) 46) dialog: You silly, stupid, big strong man. Do you know the last time anyone stood up to me the way you did? (off Patrick’s confusion) You have what it takes to handle the sharks in this office. Up til now, there was only me. If you manage New York... I’m free to take to Paris. She gratefully kisses his cheek and exits blissfully. THE SMURFS - Stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 106.
101) 47) dialog: Salut, Paris. Ici je viens! Patrick watches her go... dumbstruck. MORE CREDITS. Then... The Winslows frolic in Central Park. Patrick and Sam fly helicopter. Sophie and Mom play princess nearby, while Re chews happily on Tarzan. Not faraway, in Turtle Pond, a wand is found... by Gargam