1) 19) dialog: (squinting, tired) .-.Six milkworm hairs and precisely one drop of starweed nectar.
1) 21) dialog: (swallowing his temper) Yeeees, Clumsy? What is it?
1) 23) dialog: He sent you here? I thought you were dancing.
1) 25) dialog: Let me guess, another helper?
1) 27) dialog: Very well, why don’t you two go pick Smurfberries while I gather more starweed, for our wishing potion.
1) 31) dialog: No, no. The starweed grows too close to Gargamel’s castle. It’s far too dangerous for young Smurfs.
1) 34) dialog: Smurfnabit, Clumsy... (catching himself) I mean... I’1l just get the starweed myself this time. Why don’t you too run along and help set the table?
1) 36) dialog: What? Don’t smurf around the bush, Smurfette. You have that... look.
1) 38) dialog: Mere toddlers, my dear. A Papa's work is never done.
1) 40) dialog: (fixing her hair) Ahhh, my sweet little Smurfette.
1) 42) dialog: You were saying? Come, let’s quiet them down before the whole world knows were here... As Smurfette rolls her eyes and follows him out.
5) 0) text: A tiny BLUE HAND reaches from within the undergrowth and a starweed flower. TILTDOWN down to reveal Clumsy, fillin sack with the flowers for Papa. berry... then another. Nearby, a few more BLUE HANDS suddenly pick a branch clea
7) 0) text: Papa dutifully “enjoys” as Brainy conducts HARMONY, Crazy the SMURF ORCHESTRA to a comically bumpy finale.
7) 1) dialog: And then after the music, I will smurf the wishing potion into the well and we’ll all hold our wishes deep in our hearts. Now, remember, only the Smurf with the purest, most gentle heart will have his wish granted.
7) 4) dialog: Not now, Clumsy. (to the others) Then we’ll all gaze up at the rising of the glorious Blue Moon and say...
7) 9) dialog: I noticed! Run!
7) 11) dialog: (to pouch) Old friend, I hoped it would never come to this.
8) 1) dialog: Smurfentine! Smurfentine! Darting as a persicion herd, the Smurfs dodge Azareal and enter the ravine, passing a sign: FORBIDDEN GROTTOS-KEEP
9) 3) dialog: Clumsy, no! He reaches for Clumsy’s wrist just as THHHHHP! Clumsy fla backwards, sucked INTO THE MAGICAL FALLS, enveloped in a RAINBOW of ENERGY. He disappears through the once solid r wall behind the falls. Papa’s pulled in too. Followed by Smurf after another as they grab to save one another. Gargamel bursts onto the scene only to find... they’re go
10) 0) text: CLOSE ON another falls in a similar grotto. The walls beh the falls CRACKLE with ELECTRICITY, then, Whoosh. Out com Papa, followed by a chain of SCREAMING Smurfs. They land churning pool, just beneath the falls. UNDERWATER: Smurfs frantically swim to the surface. As Hefty pulls comrades ashore -- Whoosh -- another CRACK ENERGY and Gargamel's hand reaches from the falls.
10) 1) dialog: Look out! Gargamel’s arm flails in search of Smurfs. Jokey pulls hi floating GIFT BOX from the pool.
10) 5) dialog: Wherever we are, we’ve got to gather the others and find Clumsy before the Blue Moon ends or we'll never get home. C'mon! Papa and others race after the smurfs being swept downstr
17) 0) text: Papa and the Smurfs tiptoe like Navy Seals through a maze cables and support gear. Suddenly, Papa flashes a “hold u sign. The Smurfs stop, bumping each other in chain reacti
17) 1) dialog: Alright everyone, think like Clumsy. The Smurfs immediately adopt blank or dopey stares. A few just plain fall down. Papa just shakes his head.
17) 6) dialog: Sanctuary, oh, benevolent lord! Sanctuary for my little Smurumph--! WHAP! Papa trips on a TAPE GUN, tossed aside by FED EX WORKERS as they prep to ship the castle. His face embedde tape, Papa’s MUFFLED CRIES draw help from Hefty and Gutsy RIP him free, leaving some beard embedded in the tape.
17) 7) dialog: Oooouch! With Gargamel bearing down, Gutsy and Hefty help Papa as charge after the others INTO THE CASTLE.
31) 2) dialog: Thank you, Brainy, for that piercing and insightful observation.
35) 2) text: Smurfacalifragilous. With Clumsy happily at his side, Papa, on the counter, oversees the feeding of his family with Brainy’s “help.”
35) 4) dialog: (bowing to Sophie) How can we ever thank you?
35) 6) dialog: Clumsy, are you feeling okay? You look a little pale. Clumsy checks his arms. He’s a bit less blue than the oth
35) 7) dialog: No worries. Fortunately, I packed extra smurfberries. Producing a pouch, he pops a berry into Clumsy’s mouth.
35) 13) dialog: (mouthful of eggs) Mmmmm. You're sure your Mother won’t mind all this, Miss Sophie?
35) 27) dialog: (tentatively) Alright my little Smurfs... Clean up time. And make it Smurfy. Keeping an eye on Gracie, Smurfs come out of hiding to cl Soon, the kitchen is a BLUE BLUR as things are polished a put away at break-neck speed. Gracie and the kids are daz Gracie is eased into a chair and served tea. Catching her breath, she looks around in awe. Standing at attention, t Smurfs line the kitchen like the wait-crew of a luxury li
35) 29) dialog: Humbly at your service, m’lady. The Smurfs bow. The Winslows are speechless. Reina grabs Grouchy and happily chews on him, covering him in slime.
35) 35) dialog: (humbly beseeching) We are a long way from home, Ma’am.
35) 38) dialog: We'll be out of your hair in no time. When the Blue Moon rises, we simply search out the nearest portal and-- THE SMURFS - Stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 37.
35) 40) dialog: Yes, when the moon turns blue and rises in the evening sky--
38) 0) text: Sophie helps Papa and Brainy pour through the library, wh Gracie searches online and keeps an eye on Reina, who bou happily in her springy chair as Crazy entertains her with funny noises: CRICKETS, WASHING MACHINE, an ELEPHANT, etc
38) 3) dialog: Alright, nobody panic. There must be a way to summon a Blue Moon. Hmmm.. I’1ll need to study your stars.
45) 8) dialog: At your service, Master Winslow. Patrick takes a GULP of wine.
45) 22) dialog: Cook, you’re a wonder!
45) 37) dialog: So... we won’t be dining together?
49) 0) text: The sound of ROCK MUSIC draws Gargagmel’s eyes up to a wi now silhouetted with rockin’ Smurfs. He smiles and casts look at the man with the leaf vacuum. EXT. WINSLOWS’ ROOF - EVENING - SAME Papa studies the stars with Sam’s telescope, concerned by their positions. Rechecking his calculations, he grows mo concerned, not noticing as the scope drifts down to... CLOSE ON: Gargamel's face as he stuffs the neighbor into trashcan, whacking him with the nozzle of the leaf vac. Back to the scope, Papa GASPS, then charges the window, b bounces off. It’s jammed. He eyes... the chimney.
50) 2) dialog: Don’t open that-- BAM! The door is kicked open. Sophie, Papa and Smurfs go all directions as Gargamel and Azrael step in.
50) 8) dialog: (ponders the vac, then) Hefty, Brainy, Smurfette -- see if you can lure Azrael under that desk!
50) 15) dialog: Hey! Smurf-hole! Gargamel gives chase. Papa dives under the desk.
52) 2) dialog: (holding his star notes) Quiet, everyone! Please! I'm afraid things are not quite as smurfy as they seem. The Smurfs nervously gather around Papa.
52) 3) dialog: Unfortunately, my little Smurfs... I’m afraid without my books or laboratory, getting home will be a smurf harder than I thought.
52) 5) dialog: No no, of course we’ll get home... I just, um, ah, well...
52) 7) dialog: Calm down, my little Smurfs. First things first, we still have a few Smurfberries. Papa pulls a pouch from his pocket.
52) 10) dialog: Now, now, Clumsy. No need for blame. THE SMURFS - Stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 55. The others try not to glare too hard at Clumsy, but clear they’re not happy with him. Sophie picks him up into a hu
52) 11) dialog: If we can just find an ancient collection of alchemy books, I should be able to Smurf us a way home.
52) 14) dialog: Amazing. What is this finding machine?
52) 17) dialog: (re book title) There! That should work!
52) 19) dialog: That's it then. First thing in the morning, I’ll ask your father to lead a search party to “Chinese” Town.
52) 22) dialog: That may be, but we fathers have a way of speaking to one another. I’m sure when I explain our situation, he’1l understand. THE SMURFS - Stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 56.
57) 2) dialog: There, there, my little Smurfette. His power over you faded long ago.
57) 5) dialog: Shhh, now, now, my little Smurfs... (SOFTLY SINGING) (MORE )
57) 7) dialog: 
57) 11) dialog: Oh, hi, uh... Yes, I suppose it is.
57) 13) dialog: Well, bedtime’s always trickier away from home.
57) 15) dialog: Well, it helps not to think of them as mouths to feed, but as hands that can help. (off Patrick’s look) Smurf be told... I’m a little over my head myself. In fact, might I be so bold as to seek a small favour of you, Master Winslow? One Papa to another?
57) 17) dialog: Ah. Well, there’s a book of magic spells in your Chinese Town I need to conjure a blue moon to smurf us home. THE SMURFS - Stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 59.
57) 19) dialog: Exactly. So if you could arrange passage for us in the morning--
57) 21) dialog: (crestfallen) Oh, I see.
57) 23) dialog: (masking disappointment) Right, right... of course.
57) 25) dialog: Well... There’s no use keeping secrets, my friend. You’ll just wind up alone.
57) 27) dialog: I often find with my little Smurfs, the truth, gently coated with tender care, is easier to hear. Do something meaningful for her. Then share... Then duck. THE SMURFS - Stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 60.
57) 29) dialog: (smiles) Sometimes even a Papa needs a Papa. Patrick pauses in the doorway, struck by some deeper thou
57) 31) dialog: Oh, and Master Winslow... You might also take her hand, look her in the eye and say, I smurf you. Does the heart good.
57) 33) dialog: Worry no worry. Fret no fret. Soon, I'll dream you home... (then, sadly) If only I knew how.
62) 3) dialog: Thank you, Sam. Smurf out, everyone. Suddenly, the Chinese Man “mannequin” grabs Sam’s arm.
62) 6) dialog: Heaven’s to Smurfatroid! It’s here! The old man shuffles to join the others at the back of th store, where Papa holds a book among stacks of ancient te
62) 8) dialog: E smurfineus rei magnificum flibertygibbet Ahnk... The book begins to GLOW as various spells, illustrated by ENGRAVINGS, COME TO LIFE.
62) 10) dialog: Let’s see... Lightening Strikes, Tornado, Hail... Ah, here we are... Moon. Blood Red, Eclipse... Blue. ANGLE ON the HOLOGRAPHIC “pop up book.” A BLUE MOON crest over FOG as a shimmering PORTAL, like at the Forbidden Gr rises up from a misty POND. The Smurfs are awed.
62) 11) dialog: What is the cost of this book?
62) 14) dialog: Might we please just copy this spell?
62) 16) dialog: In the full moon’s glow, stir in slowly, the feather of a bird that does not fly. Finely ground powder of a unicorn’s horn... Hair of a... As Sam and Sophie share a worried look we...
68) 2) dialog: Well, technically, any one-horned beast in a storm. The head CRASHES to the floor. Hefty pops out from behind
69) 2) dialog: (peering from stroller) Oh, they count all right. THE SMURFS - Stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 69. Suddenly PATRICK EWING is towering over them. The kids an Smurfs watch, amazed, as he crosses to a bench press. Instantly, Hefty and Gutsy slink down from the stroller a stealthily head for Mr. Ewing with a small SCISSORS. Over dumbbells, through slamming machinery, they get to the be Straining under the weight, Mr. Ewing’s eyes go wide as,
71) 4) dialog: Master Winslow, I tried, but--
71) 6) dialog: I'm smurfly sorry, Master Winslow. I’m just so smurfed about getting my little Smurfs home, I guess I just let fear get the smurf of me. THE SMURFS - Stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 70.
71) 10) dialog: Mr. Winslow. The children.
71) 12) dialog: You have every right to be angry, but we can't go home until we finish collecting our ingredients, then recopy our spell at Master Li’s.
75) 0) text: A few TOURISTS stroll the sidewalk, oblivious to the over turned dog food box, paper bag, and jumbo take-out carton stumbling along, powered by little blue feet. A ROTTWEILER on a leash, BARKS, startling the Smurfs. The tumble down the stairs of a lower level apartment. IN THE STAIRWELL: Papa, Gutsy, Hefty and Clumsy shake off their disguises. Papa wrestles with the unwieldy map.
75) 3) dialog: Clumsy, are you alright?
75) 5) dialog: Maybe we should have our Smurfberry rations. It’s been too long. The Smurfs reach into Papa’s pouch and savor their portio
75) 7) dialog: (re the pouch) That’s odd. There’s extra. In their hunger, Hefty and Gutsy gobble the last few.
75) 8) dialog: Either I packed too many... or someone's not taking their rations. (off their blinking eyes) Show me your hands. The Smurfs open their hands. Each is stained with berry juice... except Clumsy. THE SMURFS - Stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 75.
75) 9) dialog: (stunned) Oh, Clumsy... you haven’t been taking your Smurfberries, have you? Ashamed, frightened, Clumsy shakes his head, “No.”
75) 10) dialog: No wonder you’re so pale!
75) 13) dialog: Alright, there’s no time to lose. We have to get that spell and get Clumsy home to our village tonight or he's Smurfed. (re empty berry pouch) And the rest of us aren’t far behind...
81) 0) text: Gathered around the open book, the Smurfs listen as Papa WHISPERS the spell to Hefty, who copies it like a scribe. old Chinese man is asleep in the B.G.
81) 1) dialog: “,..then mix the ingredients and smurf the holy words.” You got the holy words, right?
81) 4) dialog: Good Lord, he’s getting worse. Headlights FLASH in the window as a car pulls up outside.
81) 15) dialog: Run! The Smurfs flee through a beaded curtain into the back ro Bringing up the rear, Papa pauses in archway to fend off Azrael just as... Gargamel LAUGHS and fires another MAGIC BOLT from his sce Papa grabs a souvenir mirror and, bracing himself, deflec the energy away from his Smurfs, bouncing it wildly aroun store. Books and shelves fly. Azrael YOWLS for cover.
81) 17) dialog: Yeah? Savor this! Papa strains to aim the mirror at the display of ceremoni swords. A bolt of the magic energy sends them flying... THWACK! THWACK! THWACK! They stick in the floor around Gargamel, pinning him via his robe to the ground.
82) 4) dialog: Hurry Gutsy! He’s almost free!
82) 7) dialog: (giving Hefty the bag) I'll hold him off. Hefty. Take the spell! Tell Brainy he must use it to get you all home!
82) 9) dialog: It’s the only way! If you don’t go now, no one will get home! Go! RIIIP! Gargamel Charges. Papa rushes to face him.
82) 11) dialog: (bracing with mirror) I'll find a way back, my little smurfs. Now, please! For the love of smurf... GO!! THE SMURFS - Stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 84. Hefty and Clumsy watch through tears as Papa struggles to off the magic bolt from Gargamel’s scepter.
97) 0) text: Gargamel and Azrael dance around the essence factory in macabre glee as the glop of Papa’s beard gurgles through ominous test of what’s to come for the Smurfs. Gargamel holds the dragon handle of his scepter to the sp filling its mouth with smurf-blue ESSENCE. The eyes glow REDDER as more BLUE ENERGY engulfs the sheath.
97) 2) dialog: No.
97) 4) dialog: All for Smurf!
97) 6) dialog: No!
97) 8) dialog: Enjoy the ride, Papa. It’s Smurfy time. With a LAUGH, Gargamel charges out to face the Smurfs.
97) 9) dialog: Gargameeeeeeeeel!
99) 0) text: Papa gasps for breath as he’s washed, buffed and steriliz the conveyor. Azrael bats at him, like a toy, as he heads a frightening steam extractor. Suddenly Sam charges through the door, flashlight blazing
99) 2) dialog: Look out! Azrael GROWLS and steps into Sam’s path. PLING! He unfurl his switchblade claws in an elaborate show of might. THE SMURFS - Stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 98.
99) 13) dialog: Yes. A hundred thanks.
99) 17) dialog: Brainy, I’m proud of you. But you're right. We better get home while we can. Is everbody here?
101) 2) dialog: Hefty! Time to go!
101) 4) dialog: (unfurling the spell) Brainy... Do the honors?... You earned it. Brainy proudly, but humbly, takes the scroll and reads...
101) 8) dialog: Go! Go! Lesser known Smurfs charge across the watery path and div through the portal with hardly time to wave goodbye. The carriage bears down with terrifying speed with Gargam standing beside Azrael, whipping the horses like Ben Hur. Panicked smurfs cross into the portal as fast as they can Gargamel aims his scepter... ZAP! A bolt of blue energy OBLITERATES THE PORTAL, trapping Papa and half the smurfs our world while the other half are trapped in theirs. Gargamel aims again, this time directly at Papa and the remaining Smurfs. As they SCREAM and scramble for cover, hear the familiar whir of SPUTTERING ROTORS...
101) 10) dialog: Gutsy, noooooo! BAM! Gutsy kamikazees into Gargamel's head. The copter disintegrates, hurling Gutsy onto the horses face. Gargam falls back in the carriage, missing his shot. IN SLOW MO: the wand flies through the air... little blue hands dive for it. It falls to... CLUMSY. He grabs... He bobbles... collapses... drops the wand into the murky pon
101) 16) dialog: I don’t know... I really don’t know.
101) 22) dialog: Great Smurf, indeed! Clumsy! You've done it! Clumsy sits up, renewed as the portal begins to rise from water again. The Smurfs stare in awe as the rocky path re emerges to bear them home. QUICK SHOTS ALL OVER NEW YORK: NIGHT-LIFERS and WILDLIFE to gaze up in amazement at the BLUE MOON. IN THE PARK: Smurfs eagerly line up to walk the shimmerin stone path to the portal, where Brainy directs them throu Each returns to their deep blue as they dive in.
101) 26) dialog: We'll never be able to repay you for all your kindness...and bravery.
101) 28) dialog: If you work together, and truly treasure each other, everything will be smurfy, indeed.
101) 35) dialog: Keep an eye out for each other... every blue moon. Papa’s eyes TWINKLE as Sophie and Clumsy fall into a hug.