1) 0) text: Mushroom cottages abound beneath a banner that reads: Fes of the Blue Moon,” for which SMURFS cook, build and decor Several FLY into the tiny UTOPIA on a tame STORK. ANGLE ON Vanity and SMURFETTE, leading a group of SMURFS comical dance rehearsal to the beat of native DRUMS.
1) 2) dialog: That's it, Clumsy, feel the rhythm. Good job, Hefty. Almost lunch time, Greedy, hang in there. Brainy supervises decorations nearby, but can’t resist interjecting.
1) 18) dialog: La la la-la-la-la la la la la la... With Smurfette front and center, the otherwise all-male d troupe can’t keep their eyes off of her. Many are injured In the end, Clumsy trips, setting off a chain reaction of falling Smurfs, and knocking a ladder and paint onto Brai END SONG/DANCE SEQUENCE. INT. PAPA SMURF’S MUSHROOM - MOMENTS LATER PAPA, the oldest and wisest of Smurfs (set apart by his b and RED pants & hat) HUMS as he works on a potion. A grea sorcerer, Papa’s LAB is packed with alchemy books and gea
1) 26) dialog: Or else Brainy said I have to dance in a burka. What is a burka?
1) 28) dialog: Papa, we have barrels of berries.
1) 30) dialog: I could go with him.
1) 37) dialog: When are you going to realize we're not Smurflings anymore, Papa? The boys are one-hundred and four.
1) 39) dialog: Well, it might be, if you let us help you a little more. I worry about you -- always working so hard.
1) 41) dialog: I mean it, Papa. You’ve raised us really well. It’s time you trust us with more responsibility and take better care of yourself for a change. comes the CACOPHONY of the rehearsal chaos.
8) 2) dialog: Forbidden Grottos?! The last Smurf to go in here was never seen again!
9) 1) dialog: It’s a dead end! There’s nowhere to hide! THE SMURFS - Stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 12.
32) 4) dialog: Forgive a lady for being blunt, fellas, but, if I don’t find a powder room, my smurf is gonna burst. EXT. WINSLOW BACK YARD —- SECONDS LATER Papa peers from the crack in the container, then cautious ventures into this unknown world. One by one, he’ by tired, frightened, chocolate-covered Smurfs. Suddenly a massive dinosaur head looms over them. s followed The Smurfs SCREAM and flee toward a rickety fence. Behind them, the plastic dinosaur rocks in the wind as part of a swingset. The Smurfs are cut off by Tarzan, who BARKS and chases th back toward the house until he’s snapped back by his slid chain. The back door flies open and Patrick leads his fam out. The Smurfs dive under a hedge.
35) 25) dialog: (trying to revive Brainy) Look what you've done to my Brainy. Stunned, Gracie pauses for a beat. Sophie grabs the broom
35) 43) dialog: With just a lovely hint of blue?
38) 6) dialog: Mothership? (to the Winslow girls) What a delightfully feminine culture. She proudly smooths her dress on her curves as the Smurfs SIGH with desire and Papa rolls his eyes. INT. LAURENT INT’L - CORPORATE OFFICES - NY - LOBBY Gargamel and Azrael sit in reception. Gargamel tries to s a picture of Azrael with the Van’s phone. Instead, he bli himself with the flash. A SHIPPING CLERK crosses to them.
45) 10) dialog: Swell place you got her, Mr. W. Makes a lady feel right at home. Instinctively, she innocently flirts with batting eyes, startling Patrick, even more.
45) 25) dialog: No, that's Crazy. She points to Crazy, entertaining Reina with his NOISES.
50) 11) dialog: What, you think that’s a job for a girl? She gives him a final push into the vent. Suddenly... Hef YELLS and gets SUCKED up by the vac. IN THE HALL: Sophie holds the cordless PHONE in one hand scoops fleeing smurfs into her doll stroller with the oth
50) 13) dialog: (faking distressed damsel) Oh dear! Help! Anybody! Brainy’s trapped and he can’t get out! Azrael grins and comes running as Smurfette slips away. THE SMURFS - Stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 52.
52) 1) dialog: Thank Smurf! That's what I’m sayin’. Crazy cranks up Guitar Hero and launches into an victory as the other Smurfs begin a wild dance. Then, the MUSIC STOPS. The Smurfs all turn to a careworn
57) 1) dialog: I know it’s silly Papa Smurf, but when I close my eyes, all I see is Gargamel. As if he’s calling to me. Patrick peers into the breakfast nook. On a seat cushion, Papa tucks in Smurfette. Brainy lies awake, nearby.
64) 2) dialog: (tasting) Smurflicious! What do you call it?
64) 4) dialog: (giggling) S’more please! Patrick’s phone RINGS. Patrick answer without thinking? THE SMURFS - Stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 67.
65) 4) dialog: Mr. Winslow, are you okay?
73) 2) dialog: I sure hope this is what Mr. Winslow had in mind.
74) 5) dialog: (after a long silence) Um, actually he just stepped out for a minute to um... Pick you flowers.
74) 8) dialog: (breaking down) Aw, it’s no good! I’m sorry, Mrs. Winslow. He had to go to work and we just couldn’t bear to see you sad. THE SMURFS - Stem & Weiss - 6/16/09 73. Gracie’s eyes water up.
78) 1) dialog: Poor Mrs. W. I never dreamed a man could be gone this long.
78) 7) dialog: (spotting Gracie) Oh, Mrs. W. Won’t you join us?
80) 4) dialog: We can’t believe you don’t.
90) 0) text: Brainy, Smurfette and a few others, try to comfort the re the Smurfs. Patrick enters.
90) 2) dialog: They don’t blame you. They’re just scared. They miss their Papa. Remember how it felt when you were little and your papa would leave?
90) 4) dialog: Oh. Gosh No Papa?... You poor thing.
90) 6) dialog: You're scared.
90) 8) dialog: (beat) Well... we live in mushrooms. And because we have each other... it’s really nice. Patrick smiles, warming to the notion of maybe letting go just a little. Suddenly... WHAM! A SEAGULL smashes into the window behind him. Anoth huge GULL SMASHES through the glass. Pulling ivy vine rei Hefty forces his bird into an emergency landing on the ta Clumsy clings to his neck.
90) 11) dialog: Smurfy wing-work, boys, but where’s Papa?
99) 6) dialog: Hefty’s got it covered. Sometimes the girls just gotta get out of the kitchen. She and Sophie share a Charlie’s Angels take. ANGLE ON PATRICK: Gracie holds his face as the blue energ dissipates from his body.