0) 1) text: A run-down place. A dozen 12-year-old BOYS sit at old- fashioned desks. These are not Hasidim, but Orthodox Jews normal American kids in yarmulkes. The teacher, RAV ZINGESSER is young, overweight, acnescarred, good-humored
2) 1) text: Danny walking home alone. He sees TWO KIDS (older, toughe blonder) coming toward him. He slips off his yarmulke and slants across the street. The kids slant that way. He hea a RUMBLING, looks up at an ELEVATED TRAIN entering a stat He runs up the steps toward the SHRIEKING train....
3) 3) text: The train passes above used car lots, discount furniture stores, residential side streets...finally pulls into a station. The doors open. People file on, the CAMERA letti them go by until it spots a tall, thin COLLEGE STUDENT in YARMULKE. Danny grown up?
3) 6) text: SUEDE-HEAD'S POV: THE JEWISH BOY pushes his glasses back his nose, wipes the nose with a handkerchief, puts the handkerchief away, and all the time his eyes have not lef the page. Suede-head steps between passengers and stands directly over the Jewish boy. He looks down at the yarmul pinned to the stiff, wavy hair, at the oversized shirt collar, scrawny neck, prominent Adam's apple, pimples, dandruff, ingrown facial hair...
4) 8) text: He slaps him in the face. He stumbles backward. As Suede- head goes to hit him again, the boy holds his books in fr of him. Suede-head punches the books straight into his fa The boy falls, curls into a fetal position. Suede-head ki him....
4) 11) text: He won't budge. Suede-head punches him repeatedly until h hears VOICES approaching. He runs back up the stairs to t train and only as we FOLLOW him do we realize that he is protagonist. This is Danny grown up.
10) 1) text: The three skins -- O.L., CARLETON, BILLINGS -- walk up an East Side street. Billings is telling a story....
10) 8) text: During this, O.L. starts to SPRAY PAINT a crude SWASTIKA onto a BUS KIOSK. A VOICE startles them....
10) 18) text: Danny's will is stronger; O.L. hands over the spray can. Danny shakes it, critiques O.L.'s rendering....
11) 1) text: Grand but threadbare. The skins enter: O.L. like a child, Carleton like a sardonic adolescent, Billings like a revolutionary, Danny like an uncrowned prince.
11) 39) text: The magic word. The whole room comes alive. Zampf grimace
14) 1) text: The skins in a cell. O.L., head bloody, moaning and vomit
14) 3) dialog: I can't see....
15) 1) text: A Mercedes pulls up, Carla driving. The skins climb out, Carleton guiding O.L., who cannot see.
15) 5) dialog: I'm okay.
17) 1) text: An old bookcase full of leather-bound German volumes...Da opens one marked Hofmannsthal. He tries to read a marked passage.
18) 2) text: The CAMERA TURNS to look at...Carla and Danny naked on th bed. He lies back, reading the German book. She's curled her side, weeping abjectly. Still sobbing, she rolls over buries her face in his chest. We see that his neck is scratched up.
19) 7) text: He looks up. Her face is cold, indifferent. He gets to hi
24) 1) text: Danny has taken off his coat (revealing a black T-shirt w a red swastika), and is going through a number of cardboa boxes marked "D," pulling out comic books, baseball glove martial arts gear, drawings of voluptuous women, morbid gothic figures, gun magazines, books about Hitler, Nazis...and finally a .22 AUTOMATIC stuffed in a blue soc
26) 1) text: Danny (now wearing a plain white T-shirt) bends over the coffee table eating a noodle casserole and reading the Po His father eats off a TV table. He finishes, cursorily wi his mouth, picks up a remote and turns on the television.
26) 6) text: Danny holds up both hands: he's not arguing, simply infor
29) 6) text: Guy shrugs, smiles apologetically.
31) 1) text: Carleton driving; O.L. (one eye bandaged) riding shotgun. back: Billings and Danny (flipping through a Times.)
31) 9) dialog: Nobody made you go.
31) 15) dialog: (cackling) She says 'cause now I can't crack it up.
31) 18) text: O.L. leans out the window, giving dual "birds" to an empt street.
31) 20) dialog: FUCK YOU, ASSHOLES. SUCK MY DICK!
32) 8) dialog: I better stay with the van....
32) 11) text: O.L. gives him the finger. Carleton laughs -- but he stay back, too.
33) 11) text: Steroid comes at him.... Danny steps inside the charge an goes to work on the bigger man's body. We barely see what happens, but we hear it and feel the crowd's shock. Danny stronger than we realized and much more vicious. In secon Steroid sinks to his knees, face bloody. Danny holds up h leans close:
35) 20) text: He grins maniacally. Danny smiles. Kyle is emboldened by Danny's unexpected friendliness, lowers his voice....
35) 39) text: Another SHOT. A bullet hits the Jewish boy in the rear en Sunlight streams through the hole. We are:
39) 1) text: Danny, Billings, O.L., and Drake walk through the town, looking for trouble. A couple of local TEENAGERS watch th impressed by the swastikas, tattoos, swagger.
40) 1) text: Two WAITERS (Jewish college students, athletic, confident watch the Nazis come in. One indicates to the other that he'll handle this. He brings menus, water; he's carefully polite.
40) 17) dialog: Roast beef and Swiss.
40) 21) dialog: What's wrong with cheese?
42) 11) dialog: Who'd want to fuck her anyway?
43) 1) text: Nazis are dozing, staring out the window. O.L. threads a piece of dental floss through the zipper pull on his trousers. Danny is visibly disgusted by the whole busines Over this we hear:
44) 1) text: A horse hitched to a hay wagon; FARMER driving. THREE NAZ SOLDIERS have discovered a Jewish family hiding in the ha A sergeant is holding up something unseen on the end of h rifle.
44) 2) text: The Polish man who has been telling the story looks up at whatever it is. Blood falls on him. The Nazis are laughin
44) 50) text: The Jews are shouting about historical records, the disappearance of families, whole towns.... But Danny is l
48) 10) text: Curtis rolls his eyes. Lina signals him to lay off.
48) 18) text: Carla puts down her magazine, goes out to the kitchen. Danny's eyes follow her, and Curtis's follow his.
51) 1) text: A LARGE WOMAN, about 40, her body barely contained by a brilliant magenta dress, greets him with a smile the size a wedding cake. She holds out a prayer book stuffed with
52) 9) text: The body of the congregation joins in on certain phrases, producing a subtle and solemn music. Danny chants the ent prayer, and the moment it ends, and the rabbi begins the benediction....
53) 1) text: ...he starts toward his car. But the Rabbi's VOICE seems follow him, unnaturally loud and clear:
55) 3) text: Gradually her face loses its aloofness and seems to reach out to him, to reveal feelings that she can no longer den She holds her gaze until, at the final instant, she shudd out a series of stifled cries.
56) 4) text: Danny tilts the book to show him: History of Political Philosophy.
58) 4) text: Drake, Billings, Carleton, O.L. and Steroid run wild... kicking over benches...spray-painting swastikas...hurling prayer books...urinating from the balcony...
58) 5) text: ...Danny looks around like someone revisiting his childho home: slides his hand along a pew back...leafs through a chumash...gazes up at the eternal lamp behind its red glass...the gilded doors of the ark... A hint of Kol Nidr MUSIC haunts him....
59) 3) text: Frozen, they look at each other. Kyle exhales, takes the bomb and, with Danny holding it, carefully restrings the bungee. A MECHANICAL NOISE overhead:
60) 17) text: He indicates the bema, stepping back as if to deny any involvement, yet at the same time trying to monitor everything they do.
60) 21) dialog: (puts a crown on his head) "If I were king of the forest...not Prince, not Duke, not Earl..."
60) 27) text: He shoves his way in and, gripping the handles, unrolls t Torah. Low MURMURS at the sight of the broad columns, the mysterious calligraphy, the CRACKLING parchment. Danny himself is struck by the sudden immediacy of the sacred t OVER this...
60) 87) text: He tries to stop him, but -- accidentally or not -- Drake gets in the way, and before Danny can do anything else, Billings crumples it and finally tears a long gash into t scroll.
60) 88) text: This produces a strange effect on the others. Some (Kyle, Steroid, Drake) join in. They knock the aitz off the bema it rolls out, exposing ten feet of Torah. They stamp on i spit on it.... Others (Carleton, O.L.), though less troub than Danny, are surprised (and embarrassed) by their own revulsion at these acts.
60) 93) text: ...Danny kneels by the Torah. With a tallis, he attempts clean the parchment. Carleton and O.L. help him roll it o the aitz. [Echo "Christ taken down from cross" with Torah Christ.] They replace the cover, the yod, the crowns....
60) 94) text: Finally Danny lifts it up, holds it to him as if it were dead child. He closes his eyes, murmurs to himself....
62) 20) text: ON DANNY. Sound fades. He's haunted: "Nothingness without end" was what he'd told Guy Danielsen the Jews were obses with. He seems to hear the cello playing "Kol Nidre" agai Then...
63) 4) text: He unrolls the Torah on the bed...Scotch tapes the tear closed...attempts to clean the stain with a moistened clo
64) 1) text: Danny is in the bathroom in front of the mirror, holding shirt up with his chin as he wraps the tallis around his torso. When he lowers the shirt, the fringes hang out lik the tsitsis that Orthodox men wear.
67) 29) text: SCOPE POV: stirring at the door. The men put out their cigarettes. Three figures emerge: a MAN and a WOMAN on either side of an older, distinguished-looking man (MANZE They walk this way.
67) 49) text: Drake pulls a .45 from the duffel.... Without thinking, Danny rolls over, fires the rifle. Drake is blown backwar dropping the .45.
71) 4) text: He turns. Carla walks over to him, wipes his mouth with a crumpled tissue. When she moves to kiss him, he holds bac shy about the smell, but she kisses him anyway, on the mo
72) 1) text: Carla, naked, browsing the books, sees something in the closet. It's the Torah Danny took from the synagogue. She unrolls it on the bed, her gaze moving over the mysteriou glossy script. Danny, coming out of the bathroom, sees wh she is doing, and stops short.
72) 6) text: She looks at the broad printed columns....
74) 1) text: Danny walking behind a Hasidic family (MAN, WOMAN, 3-year old BOY, STROLLER)...watching them. At a corner, the fath takes the boy's hand, and as they cross the street, the b glances back at Danny.
75) 1) text: TWO NAZI SOLDIERS have just discovered a JEWISH FAMILY hiding in the back of a hay wagon. The POLISH MAN is hold the little boy.
75) 2) text: As a soldier tries to take the BOY out of his arms, the child panics, clings to his father, screaming, "Papa... Papa..." It is the scene the survivor described in the meeting with the Nazis. But now the father is DANNY'S FATHER....
81) 1) text: ...More people: white collar workers of both sexes, nurse artists. Lapel buttons, bumper stickers, backpacks: "FIGH
90) 1) text: Carla watching a small TV on the kitchen counter. Danny arrives, followed by Lina and Curtis as we hear...
90) 12) text: Danny's knees are weak, his hands cold, his stomach rises He becomes aware of the others, staring at him in amazeme
94) 8) text: He grabs a couple of olives off the table, eats them as h goes through his closet, stuffing a couple things in a ba
95) 1) text: Danny on a phone. Behind him, Jews hurry home for the holiday. He hears a BEEP...
97) 12) text: TEMPLE EMANU-EL...KOL NIDRE being sung by a soprano withi and ORGAN accompanying her.
98) 1) text: In the synagogue across the street we hear KOL NIDRE bein sung by a soprano; an ORGAN accompanying her. Danny looks at the temple.
99) 1) text: Looking up as the Nazi sergeant holds the boy on the bayo over the father's head. But now Danny is the father, and father is the sergeant.
100) 4) text: Kyle holds up a solitary pipe bomb.
103) 1) text: A pencil-beam flashlight moves through the darkness. We follow it. The light enters a space where SOUND ECHOES...
108) 1) text: As Danny approaches, a STOCKY YOUNG MAN on a folding chai outside the front door checks him out.
108) 4) text: The Stocky Young Man beckons him on. As he passes, Danny spots a gun and shoulder holster inside the man's zippere jacket.
110) 3) text: CARLA -- trying to follow along the prayer book, suddenly Danny is leaning over her shoulder from the row behind.
110) 26) text: Danny looks around at the scolding, angry, pious faces... He hates them. He sits back and closes his eyes.
111) 1) text: The Jewish father (played by Danny's father) is ripping o the Sergeant's jugular as the soldiers shoot him. One of soldiers (who is now Danny) says:
111) 4) text: The soldiers begin firing.... But now, three Israeli commandos appear, Danny, Avi and the security guard we sa outside. They fire Uzis at the Nazis, who fire back.
111) 5) text: Danny the Nazi soldier and Danny the Israeli commando fir at each other at point-blank range. The SOUND fades and w hear SCRAPING CHAIRS, MURMURS, VOICES....
115) 1) text: As Kyle, Drake and Billings approach, the place seems to glow with an inner radiance. Drake and Billings hold weap at their sides.
116) 19) text: Drake shoots him. Avi goes down, writhing in pain. Scream panic. People come at Drake, but he grabs an 11-year-old girl, puts the gun to her head.
117) 1) text: Where we saw Danny leave the school as a 12-year-old. Now LOOKING DOWN, we see Danny as an adult, coming up them tw at a time.
117) 2) text: FOLLOWING DANNY as he races up. His old teacher, RAV ZINGESSER, appears on a landing above....