6) 0) text: 7 JOANNA BOURNE reaching for the door. Joanna is fifty-ish, handsome, stylishly dressed.
7) 0) text: 8 Nicky and Joanna embracing with wordless abandon.
7) 4) text: The bedroom. A Lichtenstein, a Hockney, a silk-screen of Joanna by Andy Warhol. A Jeff Koons piece. Nicky and Joan roll on the floor until they are halfway under the bed.
9) 0) text: 10 Nicky and Joanna are undressing after the fact, very slow and distractedly. Joanna stands by a chair near the windo Nicky is on the other side of the bed and he alternates between standing and sitting as he takes off his clothes.
9) 2) dialog: Last night. Alan Albright called me a handsome woman. Second time he's done that. Son of a bitch.
9) 6) dialog: Alan's very sick. He has to go to New Mexico and sit in a lukewarm solution.
9) 13) dialog: What about her?
9) 16) text: JOANNA
9) 21) dialog: Apparently it didn't help. You know about Peter, of course.
9) 25) dialog: Peter Redmond. They found out why he can't remember his lines. There's something living in his brain. A parasite he picked up in Borneo, doing the movie.
9) 29) dialog: They're watching him closely. There's a special rehearsal set for this afternoon. To bolster his confidence. And that's not all.
9) 33) dialog: That's not all, Nicky. I've been backing your plays for fifteen years. And I've never been more depressed.
9) 37) dialog: 
9) 46) text: JOANNA Ever since he started reviewing the Broadway theater, nobody in this business has been worried about anything else.
9) 48) text: JOANNA What?
9) 50) text: JOANNA You mean the World Series? I thought the Red Sox were winning.
9) 52) text: JOANNA It can't be all that personal.
9) 53) text: Joanna enters the walk-in closet to finish undressing and a nightdress.
9) 54) text: NICKY If you have a team you've followed all your life, and they raise your hopes and crush them, and lift them and crush them, do you want me to tell you what it's like? It's like feeling your childhood die over and over.     J JOANNA I mean Nicky, really, no.
9) 60) text: JOANNA I'm proud of this play. It's so different from anything you've done.
9) 62) text: JOANNA We're able to surprise each other.
9) 64) text: JOANNA Because we're completely mismatched.
9) 67) text: JOANNA I used to tell myself. Talent is more erotic when it's wasted. Will I see you tonight?
9) 69) text: Joanna emerges from the closet in her nightdress and gets into bed.
9) 70) text: JOANNA It makes me so mad. Steven Schwimmer ready to strike. The exterminating angel.
9) 77) dialog: It's your best play, Nicky.
9) 81) dialog: He will absolutely hate it.
33) 0) text: 35 The street is deserted. Nicky holds the newspaper over hi face for protection. Each man has an arm in the air, tryi to hail a taxi. They are standing near a trash receptacle that carries an advertisement for "New York Magazine". It a reproduction of the cover that we'd glimpsed earlier in Joanna's apartment when her maid was reading the magazine furtive man shielding his face with the newspaper -- and headline about a Phantom. Nicky and Elliot do not see the receptacle.
62) 1) text: The TV crew with a female reporter doing interviews: talk to Joanna Bourne and Sidney Fabrikant.