0) 39) dialog: I do/Me! Joy puts toast in the toaster and pushes the lever down.
0) 46) dialog: What happened mommy? Joy starts to fan the smoke, trying to stay cheery.
2) 70) dialog: I’m still cold mommy. INT. JOY’S KITCHEN. CONTINUOUS. Joy tests the water in one of the pots and burns her fing
2) 91) dialog: You’re gonna work.
5) 20) dialog: I’m hungry.
6) 30) dialog: (to Bobby) You're stupid! Jackie hauls off and HITS BOBBY with the bat.
7) 266) text: -The mailbox opens again. A hand puts a STACK of BILLS in and puts the flag up. Pull back on Joy, very satisfied. -At HSN, Joy in business meeting with Doug. He trains her -Joy throws away her Eastern airlines uniform. -Joy runs water in the bathtub. It’s fixed! Kids jump in. -Joy, with Jackie in her arms, pulls a garage door to rev a WAREHOUSE SPACE. Ronnie stands with her. Ronnie walks i They both smile. The kids run into the warehouse, excited 85. -HSN. Joy, now slightly more confident than the first tim saw her, stands with Chrystal. Chrystal throws it to Joy. This time, Joy does not hesitate. -Mets game. Joy, with kids, cheering on a home run. -HSN. Joy in the middle of a segment with a caller. She’s the groove. -HSN. GREEN ROOM. Joy walks out of HSN with the MODEL HOS all putting their coats on. She looks as polished as them -JOY'S WAREHOUSE. The beginnings of a business. The warehouse, although nothing glamorous, bustles with activity. There is a small assembly line. The same Domini people who helped assemble mops before now they wear ligh blue polo shirts like the ones Ronnie and Joy wore at KMA There is shipping area where boxes are brought in. Ronnie sits at a desk on the phone, yelling at someone. Joy sits a desk with a little GRAPEVINE WREATH behind her on the w She stands up, stretches, and looks around, happy. INT. JOY'S HOUSE. DAY. Joy leads the kids BLIND-FOLDED out of the kitchen throug the sliding glass door to the backyard.
7) 291) dialog: Daddy!!!/Daddy are you gonna swim?
7) 316) dialog: Daddy, don’t go away.
7) 318) dialog: When are you gonna come back?
8) 0) text: It's dark, the shades are drawn. There is no way to know time it is. Joy is asleep. She hears the door squeak open hears Jackie’s voice at the door. A beam of light hits Jo face.
8) 2) dialog: Why is she sleeping again?
8) 4) dialog: (sadly) Mommy? The door CLOSES. The conversation has roused Joy. She sti then sits up. She looks around the room. It’s messy. INT. JOY'S HOUSE. STAIRWELL. CONTINUOUS. DAY. Joy comes down the stairs. As she walks, we see that some TIME HAS PASSED. The house is a mess. 113. There are little piles of clothes all over the place. Hal folded piles of laundry. Take-out food containers. An old dinner sits on the living room table. Tv is on downstairs She hears Christie in the kitchen arguing with Jackie and Bobby. She can’t make out what they’re saying. INT. KITCHEN. CONTINUOUS. Joy enters. The kids sit at the kitchen table in their designated spots, eating.