74) 0) text: Hank, Jacob and NEAL BAXTER sit before Carl's desk. Baxte large, crewcut man, dressed in a suit and trench coat. Ca behind his desk. His office is-neat and spare-~a filing cabinet, a nearly empty bookshelf, a gun cabinet on the w
74) 8) dialog: Think you could take us out there? Rank and Jacob look apprehensively back at Baxter.
74) 10) dialog: Have to go in the morning, I guess. After the storm passes.
80) 14) text: Agent Baxter is just exiting from his car, looking somber
80) 23) dialog: Everybody ready to roll? Hank jumps in his chair, turning.
80) 30) dialog: Where's your brother?
81) 0) text: Carl and Baxter stand by Carl's truck, watching Hank appr down the steps. Hank stops, reaches up, touches his head.
84) 0) text: The truck is moving through farm country. INT. CARL‘S POLICE BRONCO - MOVING - DAY 135 Carl is driving. Baxter sits in the middle with Hank on h right.
85) 0) text: Carl's truck pulls over, and the three men climb out. Han continues to push at the gun beneath his jacket, glancing nervously at Baxter. (CONTINUED)
89) 0) text: A second SHOT echoes through the trees. Baxter stops, lis
92) 0) text: Baxter is walking quickly toward the orchard. Suddenly WE the sound of a whistle being blown. And then:
94) 9) text: Just do it, Carl. Make him show you his badge. Carl turns to Baxter, shrugging and smiling, as if in apo
94) 11) dialog: _ (shrugging) All right. He reaches into his jacket. Carl turns back toward Hank.
96) 0) text: Baxter aims his pistol at Hank's chest. Carl's body lies their feet, his blood steaming the air.
96) 1) dialog: Where's my money? Hank, struggling for breath, feigns bewilderment.
96) 3) dialog: Then go get it. Hank doesn't move. Baxter quickly scans the orchard's rim waves toward the plane with his gun. BAXTER (cont'd) Come on. Before your brother gets here. Hank starts toward the plane. He has to tug the door seve times to get it open, rocking the plane, once again freei of its covering of snow. Taking a deep breath, he slips i
97) 1) dialog: Hey! Hank's hand is shaking, and the bullets spill out onto th floor, bouncing away from him. He picks some up, tries to them into his pistol, but none of them fit. Suddenly, Baxter FIRES twice into the side of the plane. flinches, dropping his pistol, ets punch a pair jax (CONTINUED)
98) 0) text: Hank squeezes through the doorway, holding the garbage ba before him. Baxter steps forward and grabs it.
98) 1) dialog: as he opens the bag, staring inside at the packets.
98) 2) dialog: That's it? {he looks up) Where the fuck is the r-- He freezes.
98) 5) dialog: You're not the cold-blooded type, are you, Mr. Mitchell? (silence, but Baxter's satisfied) Then I guess we're both going to have an awful lot of explaining to do Dow, huh? Hank's face is wet; it's hard to tell whether from sweat tears. He wipes at it, then shakes his head bleakly.