3) 2) text: Happy New Year, Lindal (to the child) Happy New Year, Marcil The mother and daughter both RESPOND, their faces too muf their scarves for us to make out their words. HANK walks on, passing a tavern, several stores, the libr all of the buildings look equally rundown. Only the town stands out in any way, a red-brick structure with a polic parked on the street before it. CARL JENKINS, the town policeman, a white-haired, vigorous-looking old man, is s the truck's windshield. He waves at Hank.
3) 3) dialog: Happy New Year, Hank! As Hank waves back, a little girl glides toward him down sidewalk, perched on a sled: silent, almost magical. Hank steps aside to let her pass. Then he turns the corner, st down the next block. He stops at--
21) 10) dialog: Engine trouble, Hank?
21) 12) dialog: Tree it?
21) 14) dialog: What happened to your head? Hank touches his wound, then waves toward the woods.
21) 17) dialog: Brother still out of work? (Hank nods) Lou?
21) 21) dialog: That’s a shame, ain’t it? wo grown men, both eager for work. This country... Carl leans forward, turns up his truck’s heater.
21) 24) dialog: Hello, Jacob. And the figure becomes Jacob approaching us, the door of truck standing open behind hin.”
56) 23) dialog: (interrupting) You ran outside with Jacob?
57) 0) text: Hank sits on one side of a table, facing the Fulton Count SHERIFF, a DETECTIVE, and Carl. WE SEE a tape recorder sp on the table, several half-empty cups of coffee. The dete is taking notes. Hank hesitates, surprised by the questio When he nods, the detective stops scribbling. CARL (cont'd) Because the way Jacob tells it... {he leans forward, scans the ~  detective's notes) He went to get his rifle on his own. He says Lou chased you out of the house after he shot Nancy. (CONTINUED)
57) 7) dialog: And then? : HANK (cont'd) Then Lou fired at me and missed. He pumped the gun to try again. And that's when Jacob shot him. Hank glances from policeman to policeman, fearing another challenge. When none arrives, he waves at the tape record HANK (cont'd) I guess you know the rest. (CONTINUED )
65) 4) dialog: Hope I didn't wake you, Hank. (he gestures upward) Saw a light on, so I figured-- Hank shakes his head.
65) 6) dialog: I hate having to do this. (he sighs, glances back toward his truck) See, I was driving by Lou Chambers's place, and I saw your brother's truck parked right in the center of the road there, could hardly even squeeze by it. Found him inside the house, passed out in an armchair. Looks like he popped a pane of glass to get in. Place was all dark, heat off--he probably would've frozen to death, if I hadn't happened by. He pauses, as if waiting for Hank to respond, but Hank do CARL (cont'd) I'd have taken him to his apartment, but he was pretty firm about wanting to come here. Hank finally realizes what Carl's saying: Jacob's in the
65) 8) dialog: I know you guys have been having a rough time. Just have a talk with him, all right? (he turns to lead Hank to the truck) . I'll try to keep a tab on him, too. 118 1
69) 1) dialog: He nod off on you, Jack? The barber smiles, but doesn't answer. Hank's eyes flick
69) 2) text: Carl is standing behind the chair, grinning, examining Ha hair. He CLUCKS his tongue. CARL (cont’d) Getting a little thin up top there, Hank.
69) 5) dialog: Maybe. Think you could track down Jacob, bring him by my office tomorrow afternoon? He moves to the counter, lifts the lid on a glass jar ful lollipops. Hank starts to twist his head to follow him, b barber won't let him.
69) 9) dialog: Man from the FBI's gonna be driving through, thought you two might be able to help him out. Hank starts to turn his head again, and again the barber him. Carl finds the flavor he's looking for, unwraps it, it in his mouth, turns toward Hank with a smile. CARL (cont'd) Seems they're looking for a missing plane. INT. SMALL TOWN BAR -— DAY 1t4 Hank sits across from Jacob in a booth. Jacob is sipping beer, four empties at his elbow; he's a little drunk. Han a cup of coffee. The place is empty except for the barten dusting the bottles behind the bar.
73) 0) text: It's late afternoon, snowing heavily. The street is empty lights shine in several windows, including Carl's office.
74) 0) text: Hank, Jacob and NEAL BAXTER sit before Carl's desk. Baxte large, crewcut man, dressed in a suit and trench coat. Ca behind his desk. His office is-neat and spare-~a filing cabinet, a nearly empty bookshelf, a gun cabinet on the w
74) 2) dialog: Anything to add, Jacob?
74) 4) dialog: Well, thanks for stopping by, boys. Hank and Jacob both rise quickly, elated to be let off so easily. Jacob even sneaks a grin at his brother as they s to move toward the door. But then, just before they escap
80) 0) text: Hank sits in front of Carl's desk, his hat in his hand. C at his filing cabinet, fiddling with a coffee maker. He t hands Hank a steaming cup, then sits behind his desk.
80) 1) dialog: Well, if Jacob can't make it, that'll just leave more of Linda's homemade breakfast treats to go around. He extends a greasy brown paper bag across the desk towar (CONTINUED )
80) 7) dialog: A badge?
80) 9) dialog: And how's that?
80) 11) dialog: Sure they do.
80) 13) dialog: (shaking his head) No, but I've seen them before. (he winks at Hank, nods out the window) Bet he'd show it to you if you asked him.
80) 16) dialog: He might even let you hold his gun, too. If you ask real nice. (he starts to CHUCKLE) Then later I'11 give you a ride in the truck, and flash the lights for you. Hank grins, embarrassed. He opens his mouth to respond, b Phone RINGS, interrupting him. Carl picks it up. (CONTINUED)
80) 18) text: CARL (cont'd) Police Department. (@ pause; he smiles at Hank) Yes, Ma'am. He's sitting right across from me, trying to figure out how to avoid eating one of my wife's homemade donuts. {a pause; he laughs) Well, why don't you tell him that yourself? (another pause) All right then. You take care. (handing the phone to Hank) Your wife. Hank takes the phone. Hey, honey.
80) 31) dialog: Jacob won't be joining us today. Seems like he tied one on last night. Hank watches Baxter for a reaction, but Baxter appears un CHUCKLING, Carl leads them out. Hank starts to follow, bu turns back to set his uneaten donut on the edge of Carl's He hesitates, glancing at the paperweight, then takes off hat, sets it beside the donut, and turns to leave.
81) 0) text: Carl and Baxter stand by Carl's truck, watching Hank appr down the steps. Hank stops, reaches up, touches his head.
82) 0) text: Hank moves quickly to Carl's desk. He takes the key from beneath the paperweight, unlocks the gun cabinet, grabs a pistol. He re-locks the door, returns the key to its hidi place, and starts to leave, but then stops to see if the loaded. It's not. He moves to Carl's desk, yanking open t drawers. He finds several boxes of bullets in the bottom drawer, all different. sizes. He tries one, but it doesn' WE HEAR a horn honk. Hank jumps, glancing out the window.
84) 0) text: The truck is moving through farm country. INT. CARL‘S POLICE BRONCO - MOVING - DAY 135 Carl is driving. Baxter sits in the middle with Hank on h right.
84) 1) dialog: This guy's body's going numb, the wind whipping through the front of his jacket. So he pulis over, climbs off his motorcycle, and turns his jacket around. Smart, right? That way the wind won't be able to come through the front as he drives. But then, a few miles up the road, he hits some ice. The bike starts to slip out from under him and his jacket’s too tight for him to regain control. He shoots right off the road, smack into a tree. Carl SMACKS the wheel, and Hank jumps. He's sweating; he pushing at the gun beneath his coat, not listening at all CARL (cont'd) By the time I arrive, a big crowd's already gathered. When I ask what happened, this gay from Wisconsin steps forward and says, ‘He was doin' fine when we first showed up. But then we twisted his head back around for him, and he just up and died on us.' Baxter LAUGHS heartily, slaps his knee. It's obvious Hank hasn't heard a word, but he forces a LAUGH for Carl's ben
85) 0) text: Carl's truck pulls over, and the three men climb out. Han continues to push at the gun beneath his jacket, glancing nervously at Baxter. (CONTINUED)
85) 3) dialog: I figure the best way is for each of us to take a different section of the woods. (to Baxter) If you or I see it, we’ll fire a couple shots into the-- WE HEAR a Car approaching, and all three men turn to look
85) 4) text: Jacob's truck is approaching us, fast. CARL (OS cont’d) Well, good for Jacob. This'll make things go quicker.
85) 10) dialog: That's the spirit. Fresh air‘ll do you good. (to the others) Everybody set? Hank steps decisively forward.
91) 3) dialog: (from a distance) I found it! Hank starts to sprint back through the trees toward the o
93) 0) text: Carl is on the slope above the orchard, a huge grin on hi He's come around from the east, and is facing the tail of Plane. Hank's tracks cut straight across the orchard, fro to right. As Carl slides his pistol into his holster, he pauses, listening. WE HEAR the whistle. Then: HANK (OS cont’d) Run, Carl! Carl squints off into the woods, bewildered.
94) 4) dialog: You walked right by it! Baxter is almost upon him now, glancing from the plane to to Hank. He seems confused. (CONTINUED)
94) 8) dialog: What the hell’s going on, Hank?
94) 9) text: Just do it, Carl. Make him show you his badge. Carl turns to Baxter, shrugging and smiling, as if in apo
94) 10) dialog: Maybe you should show him your badge.
94) 12) dialog: See, Hank? He’s gonna-- Behind him, WE SEE Baxter pull his pistol from its holste aims it at the back of Carl's head.
95) 2) dialog: WE BEAR a gunshot, and then, faintly, the crows CAWING. J face shows a sudden look of terror. . 147 148 Rev. 2/12/98 Goldenrod 108.
96) 0) text: Baxter aims his pistol at Hank's chest. Carl's body lies their feet, his blood steaming the air.
99) 0) text: Renkins is seated behind Carl's desk, watching Hank, who across from him. Fremont stands peering in at the gun cab The garbage bag full of money and the pistol Hank stole e that morning sit on the desk, alongside a running tape re