1) 0) text: A tall narrow building, roofed with corrugated tin. It's separated from the feedstore by a barren, snow-covered ya The snow is dirty, pockmarked with tracks. We still HEAR grinding, but it's more muffled now. The mill's door opens, and Hank emerges, clutching his Glipboard. He coughs, spits into the snow, then picks his quickly toward the feedstore, slapping at his sweater and as he goes, leaving a cloud of dust in the air behind hin
2) 0) text: A tiny office, which Hank shares with his boss, TOM BUTLE bookshelves are crowded with files; the desks are messy; fluorescent light flickers on the ceiling. Butler, a heav man approaching forty, is talking on the phone: no words, an intermittent string of HMMM‘'s, UH-HUH's, and UNE-UNH' Hank enters, plucks the top sheet of paper from his clipb deposits it on Butler's desk. Butler scans its columns wi pausing in his conversation. As Hank sits down at his own slightly smaller desk, his watch BEEPS. He fumbles with i checking the time: it's noon. Hank hurriedly shuts his briefcase, turns off his desk la When he steps to the door and pulls down his coat, Butler glances at his own watch, raising his eyebrows, the phone pressed to his ear. Hank hesitates, halfway into his over
2) 1) dialog: The cemetery..? (Butler's face remains blank) My brother and I... Butler nods, suddenly remembering, and waves Hank away. H rushes out the door. It SLAMS shut, then immediately pops open as Hank sticks his head in. HANK (cont'd) Happy New Year!
2) 4) text: Before Butler can respond, the door shuts, and Hank is go
3) 0) text: A small, worn-looking town. The street is lined with two- buildings, their paint peeling, gutters sagging. The few out and about are dressed heavily against the cold. Snow been shoveled into long piles along the sidewalk's edge. tattered Christmas decorations cling to the light poles. Hank emerges from the feedstore, buttoning his overcoat. turns to the right, hurrying, his head ducked against the
3) 1) text: We follow Hank down the block. He passes a woman carrying bulging grocery bag, a SMALL CHILD trailing behind her, androgynous in its snow gear. The woman's name is LINDA.
3) 2) text: Happy New Year, Lindal (to the child) Happy New Year, Marcil The mother and daughter both RESPOND, their faces too muf their scarves for us to make out their words. HANK walks on, passing a tavern, several stores, the libr all of the buildings look equally rundown. Only the town stands out in any way, a red-brick structure with a polic parked on the street before it. CARL JENKINS, the town policeman, a white-haired, vigorous-looking old man, is s the truck's windshield. He waves at Hank.
4) 0) text: Hank is knotting his tie in front of the mirror; he's cha into a dark suit. Sarah stands behind him, adjusting his collar, HUMMING the Christmas carol. She's wearing a bath her hair is still wet. She brushes at Hank's jacket. From downstairs, WE HEAR a sudden pounding. Sarah steps t window, peers out. (CONTINUED )
5) 0) text: The POUNDING resumes, as Hank comes down the stairs. He g his coat off the bannister, pulls open the door. His brot JACOB, waits on the porch. He's heavy, slovenly, dressed dirty red parka. He eyes Hank, taking in his suit and tie
5) 2) dialog: (to Jacob) What's he doing here? Jacob shrugs, not looking at his brother.
5) 4) dialog: Kind of out of the way, isn't it?
6) 0) text: A small graveyard behind a ramshackle church, surrounded fields. Snow covers everything. Jacob's truck idles in th church's lot. His dog sits in back, pressed against the r windshield, which has been replaced with a sheet of plast Hank and Jacob trudge toward the center of the cemetery. is carrying the poinsettia. They stop before a gravestone Jacob stoops to wipe it clear of snow, revealing an inscr Jacob Hansel Mitchell Josephine McDonnell Mitchell June 2, 1930 May 5, 1933 December 31, 1990 December 31, 1990 Beneath this are two blank spots, for Hank and Jacob. The stand for a beat, heads bowed. The dog watches from the r the truck, ears erect. After a moment, Hank kneels to place the poinsettia befor grave. He scoops out a little crevice for it in the snow, inadvertently excavating the frozen remains of a potted chrysanthemum. Hank stares at it in surprise, then up at
6) 1) dialog: Somebody else was here.
6) 3) dialog: When?
9) 0) text: Jacob drives with his gut pressed against the wheel. Like he has a beer can nestled between his thighs. Lou is on t outside, with Hank in the middle. Lou and Jacob talk back forth above Hank's head, as if he weren’t even there. Lou And when he looks under the seat, he shouts: “What the hell is this supposed to be?” And you know what the guy says?
10) 14) dialog: What’re you doing? Jacob doesn’t answer. He loads a bullet into the gun, sla truck's door, shoulders the rifle. . HANK (cont’d) It’s a nature preserve, Jacob.
10) 16) dialog: It’s posted land. You can’t hunt here. Lou grins, watching the brothers. Jacob points at his tru
12) 0) text: Lou and Hank stop to rest on the edge of a small valley. has fallen behind. He struggles toward them, his jacket o his face shiny with sweat. Lou points into the valley. Lou : Jesus. Look at all those birds.
12) 4) text: 19 28 10. CONTINUED: is LOU (cont'd) (trying to get a rise) Or maybe you don't wanna share? ‘Fraid you'll catch something from us. He winks at Jacob, who smirks. When Hank still refuses to react, Lou hands the beer can to Jacob, scoops up a snowb He feints a throw at Hank, and Hank ducks. Lou and Jacob Lou See, now that's what you might call in-sin- uea-ting a throw. Remember? You said that last time I saw you. Could've just said "hint," but nooo, you had to put on airs, show us all the fancy words you know. Lou tosses the snowball into the orchard. BANK’S POV - THE ORCHARD The snowball arcs into the orchard, smacks into a mound o upon which a dozen crows are perched. CAWING, the crows r up, and a sheet of snow slides off the mound, partially REVEALING a SINGLE ENGINE PLANE. Both its wings are missi It's balanced, nose-down, over the trunk of a fallen tree
12) 6) dialog: Jesus Christ.
13) 0) text: Near darkness--we shouldn't be sure where we are. A thin of light enters from a crescent-shaped tear in the fusela HEAR muffled voices, then the cabin begins to shake. Ther CREAKING sound, metal pushing against metal, and a perpen crack appears in the darkness, a doorway opening. WE SEE Hank’s face shoved through the crack, blinking.
14) 0) text: The plane’s rear is lost in shadow, but it looks empty. T the front is a large duffel bag. Beyond it are two seats. the gray light filtering in through the ice-covered winds it's impossible to tell if they're occupied. Rev. 2/12/98 Goldenrod il. 2i EXT. ORCHARD - DAY 21 Hank pulls his head from the doorway. Jacob has his rifle cradled in his arms; Lou is drinking from his can of beer
14) 1) dialog: I can't see. (to Jacob) Can you scrape some of that snow off the windshield? Jacob shuffles off, while Hank tugs again at the door. He so hard that he rocks the plane, dislodging the remainder shell of snow, but the door refuses to budge any further, Hank turns sideways, pushes his head and shoulders throug doorway, then gets stuck. He tries to pull back, but his is snagged. WE HEAR a tearing sound. ‘HANK (cont'd) Shit.
15) 0) text: Hank is trying to worm his way in, when WE HEAR Jacob sta Scrape at the windshield. Sank squints toward the cockpit 2aae HANK’S POV — PLANE'S COCKPIT 224% Jacob continues to scrape at the windshield, but to no ef Through the gray opacity of the ice, WE SEE the shadow of arm moving back and forth. It disappears, then comes THUM down against the glass. The ice shatters, falls away. Lig floods in, REVEALING a man's body, slumped in the lefthan The pilot's head, resting against the dashboard, seems to shaking back and forth.
15) 2) text: Hey, buddy. You all right? (slapping the fuselage) Hey! HANK’S POV - PLANE’S COCKPIT The pilot’s head has stopped moving. (CONTINUED)
17) 0) text: Hank strains to get free. Lou and Jacob’s LAUGHTER filter
17) 6) text: The birds take to the air, banging against the windshield One of them bounces off and flies straight at us. INT. PLANE end Hank ducks, and the bird hits him in the forehead. Be YEL pitches forward, and finally breaks free, landing inside plane. The bird flies up to the hole in the fuselage and its way out, followed almost immediately by its partner.
19) 3) dialog: Hey. You okay? A pause, then Hank pulls the pilot from the dashboard. | 26A% man's head falis - His eyes have beén eaten out the birds: their dark sockets stare up at us. A bloody icicle hangs from his nose. ——— F*="n
20) 0) text: Hank crouches beside the plane, holding snow to his wound removes his gloves, starts to work at the duffel bag's kn
20) 2) dialog: We'll still have to come back, Jacob. We'll have to lead them to the--
20) 9) dialog: I don't want to stump you with another "fancy" word, but does the term accomplice mean anything to you? Jacob tries to intercede before Lou can reply. Hank is
20) 11) dialog: It's a lot of money, Jacob. Someone has to be looking for it. And when they find the plane, and it's not inside-~
20) 14) dialog: You work for the American dream, Lou. You don't steal it. . Lou Then this is even better!
20) 18) dialog: What if I was the one to keep it?
20) 20) dialog: Sust till spring. Till someone finds the plane. Lou And then?
20) 21) dialog: If you're right, and nobody mentions the money, we can split it up and move away.
20) 23) dialog: That's the only way I'll do it. Otherwise, we can turn it in right now. Jacob gives his brother a quizzical look.
20) 25) dialog: I guess I don't. Jacob nods. He doesn’t seem surprised. Hank turns to Lou.
20) 28) dialog: That's probably a good idea.
21) 2) dialog: Almost a million and a-- The CAR is much louder now. All three men look up at once
21) 6) dialog: Get in the truck, okay? I'll handle this. (CONTINUED )
21) 11) dialog: Dog trouble. Jacob’s mutt ran into the woods after a fox.
21) 13) dialog: Thought so, but just as we started to go after her she came running back. Carl leans forward a little, squinting up at Hank‘s face.
21) 15) dialog: Walked into a branch. Carl looks toward Jacob’s truck. Hank follows his glance. BANK'S POV ~- JACOB’S TRUCK Through the torn rear windshield, WE SEE Lou and Jacob ta animatedly, their faces close together. Jacob's dog sudde pushes her way between them, scrambling out the window in truck's rear. She starts sniffing at the money.
21) 20) dialog: Him too.
21) 22) dialog: Well, we should probably-~ The door to Jacob's truck CREAKS open, and Carl looks up.
21) 26) text: I was just cold. Wanted to get in the truck and warm up a bit. (glancing at Hank, grinning) You tell him about the plane? Hank stares at his brother, speechless with surprise and INT. JACOB'S TRUCK - NIGHT - MOVING 3a Hank sits between Jacob and Lou, his legs hugging the duf bag. He keeps glancing out the torn rear window, making s they aren't being pursued.
21) 27) dialog: (scared and angry) I've seen you do a lot of stupid things, Jacob, but that pretty much takes the cake. Before Jacob can respond, Lou jumps to his defense.
21) 30) dialog: Well, that's brilliant, Lou. .If they fina the plane now, and they realize the money's gone, he’s gonna know right off who took it. Jacob shakes his head, grinning.
21) 36) dialog: Nobody knows about this. That includes Nancy. Lou glares at Hank’s hand till Hank lets go.
21) 38) dialog: You can tell her when we decide that it’s safe to keep it.
21) 46) dialog: As Jacob backs down the drive, Hank turns to watch the ho
21) 48) dialog: As he watches Lou, suspecting that their secret's already
22) 0) text: Light streams in from the kitchen, but otherwise the hall dark. WE HEAR pots clinking, Sarah singing. The front doo CREARS open, and Hank steps inside, dragging the duffel b behind him. He shuts the door, then hesitates, staring at bag. Sarah continues to SING, unaware of his return. Finally, Hank comes to a decision. He leaves the bag, sta down the hall, still in his overcoat. He stops after a fe steps, though, comes back, twists shut the door's lock. T moves quickly toward the kitchen.
23) 4) dialog: Sarah. (she stops, looking at him) What if you were out walking in the woods, and you found a bag full of money--maybe, I don't know... (he pretends to think) Four million dollars. Would you keep it? Sarah gives him a funny look, half-smiling, half-wary.
23) 6) dialog: How come? Sarah resumes her stirring.
23) 8) dialog: We're talking about lost money here. Nobody's looking for it.
23) 10) dialog: What do you mean? It's yours. Sarah opens the oven, bends to check on the bread.
23) 12) dialog: A bank robber's?
23) 18) dialog: All right, it's a drug dealer's. Sarah stirs the pot, considering this. It's clear that sh searching for a reason not to take a drug dealer's money.
23) 20) dialog: It’s real. Sarah looks almost pained. She reaches behind herself, dr the spoon onto the stove, touches her hand to her forehea
23) 21) dialog: seated at the kitchen table, eating dinner--spaghetti, ga bread, green beans, milk. The money is piled messily on t floor beside them. They keep glancing at it while they ea
23) 22) dialog: If we keep it, we'll never have to worry about money again.
23) 24) dialog: Nobody gets hurt by our keeping it. 26.
23) 26) text: Hank is washing the dishes, while Sarah dries them and pu away. The money is still lying on the floor, but it’s bee organized into stacks now. A TV is playing on the counter HANK (cont'd) That’s what makes it a crime, isn’t it? People getting hurt? He turns off the water. Sarah begins to dry the last pot.
23) 28) dialog: But you aren’t listening to me. The money’s the only evidence that we've done anything wrong. We can sit on it and see what happens— A COMMERCIAL is playing on the TV, and both it and Hank’s dialogue roll over into the next scene. INT. HANK’S FAMILY ROOM —- LATER *33C Hank and Sarah sit on the couch in front of a larger TV. They're sipping sparkling cider. The money is back in its which sits across the room now, leaning up against the do BANK (cont'd) --if someone comes searching for it, we'll burn it, and that'll be that. There's no risk, we'll always be in complete control. On Tv, the commercial ends, and a New Year’s Eve show com there are shots of Times Square, frenzied crowds, the gol
23) 30) dialog: As long as we're the ones holding the money, they'll do whatever we tell them to. On the TV, the countdown is just starting; the ball begin descent. Hank and Sarah don’t seem to notice. (CONTINUED)
23) 36) dialog: It’s supposed to snow tomorrow. The tracks'il be gone by tomorrow night. The New Year arrives~—FIRECRACKERS, COWBELLS. on the TV a band strikes up AULD LANG SYNE. Sarah lifts her glass, an returns the gesture, but distractedly, merely out of refl
23) 37) dialog: We can always burn the money. Right up to the very last moment. It seems silly to just give it up now, before anything's even gone wrong.
23) 39) dialog: Sarah is crouched over Hank; his hands are on her breasts both seem to be deeply involved in what they're doing, bu suddenly, Sarah freezes,
23) 41) dialog: What?
23) 43) dialog: (still a little dazed) Wa‘re gonna keep the rest?
23) 47) text: 4 “35 SARAH (cont'd) {a pause) You can't tell Jacob, though. It takes Hank a moment to follow this. He stares up at he
23) 48) dialog: You think he'd go back and take it? Sarah brushes the hair from his forehead, then leans forw kisses his cheek.
24) 0) text: Hank stands at the top of a dingy, dimly lit stairway, po on a Closed door. There’s no answer. Hank pounds again, l this time.
24) 1) dialog: Come on, Jacob. Open up. He pushes at the front of his jacket. There’s a definite there, which he tries to shift a bit with his hand. He’s working at it when the door opens. He quickly drops his h Jacob blinks out at us. His face is puffy, his hair uncom He’s wearing long johns and a too-small T-shirt. Behind h glimpse a small, sparsely furnished, extremely dirty stud with a scraggly Christmas tree in the corner. Hank glances anxiously down the stairs. He puts his hands his jacket pockets, pushing out, trying to hide the bulge seh (whispering) . I moved the pilot. We gotta go put him back like he was. Jacob gives Hank a bleak stare, then coughs raggedly, dra something up. He glances around for something to deposit into, then just leans out the door and spits into the hal
25) 0) text: Hank's car, a green station wagon, pulls over near where crashed the day before. Hank and Jacob push open their do Jacob's dog bounding out behind them. Hank moves to the c (CONTINUED)
25) 3) dialog: {over his shoulder) You go out with Lou for New Year's? (Jacob grunts) Nancy come along? Silence. Hank pulls his head out of the Car's rear, looks his brother. Jacob nods. BANK (cont'd) Be tell her?
25) 5) dialog: ~ Of course not. Jacob gives him a disbelieving look. Hank ignores it. HANK (contd)
25) 8) dialog: I want you to take responsibility for him. If he fucks up, it'll be your fault. I'll hold you to blame. Jacob hesitates, thinking this through.
25) 10) dialog: I do. (smiling up at Jacob) I'll look after you and you'll look after me. We'll each be our brother's keeper, They each consider the other. Finally, Jacob SNORTS, as i were all a bad joke. Hank LAUGHS, too, a little embarrass
26) 0) text: Hank slips inside, his coat unbuttoned. aA purple pouch r against his stomach, bulging with the money. It's the typ bag people carry babies in, and has a dinosaur on its fro eee
27) 0) text: Hank squeezes out of the plane, then starts to shut the d only to discover—
27) 9) dialog: Jesus. He carefully plucks free the snagged square of cloth.
29) 0) text: Hank is searching the wreck for other signs of their pres In the BG WE HEAR the snowmobile. Hank pauses, listening, pushes shut the door, turns and starts up the slope at a
30) 0) text: Hank is running through the trees, out of breath, sweaty. reaches the little stream, splashes straight through it.
31) 0) text: Hank suddenly slows to a walk, looking ahead. HANK’S POV - EDGE OF ROAD 46 About thirty yards ahead, WE SEE Jacob Standing behind th talking with Pederson, who's still perched on his snowmob BACK TO SCENE 45h Hank straightens his jacket, continues walking toward the HANK’S POV ~ EDGE OF ROAD 46A Jacob is shaking his head, talking very fast. Pederson ke pointing at the snow. He looks up suddenly, squints towar then raises his’ hand halfway up his body in greeting.
31) 7) dialog: Jesus, Jacob. What the--? Jacob's nose is bleeding heavily, and he's started to cry points at Pederson.
31) 9) dialog: So you hit him? He takes a hesitant step toward Pederson. HANK (cont ’d) Dwight? Pederson isn't moving. He's lying with his face in the sn Hank stares for a beat, waiting for a response, then: HANK (cont’d) Oh, Christ. He rushes toward him, rolls him over. Pederson’s eyes are a line of blood drains from his left ear. Hank fumbles at old man's jacket, trying unsuccessfully to get it open. T drops his head to Pederson’s chest, listening.
31) 14) dialog: (horrified) You killed him.
31) 16) dialog: (rising) He's dead. Jacob moves quickly toward the old man.
31) 18) dialog: Jacob. Jacob keeps pushing, too fast, too hard. Hank strides ove HANK (cont’d) Goddammit! He shoves Jacob away. Jacob immediately starts scrambling toward Pederson, crying, but Hank blocks his way.
31) 20) dialog: Stop it. All right? I can’t think. Jacob falls silent. He continues to CRY, though, his eyes Pederson. Hank paces off a few steps, glances up and down road again. Then he steps back toward Jacob, urgent now. (CONTINUED )
31) 24) dialog: While I was in the woods. Have any passed? Jacob shakes his head, wipes at his face.
31) 26) dialog: Grab his legs. We'll make it look like an accident. Jacob jumps to his feet, Shaking his head, Pointing at th
31) 28) dialog: (shaking his head) It’s supposed to storm. Any minute now it’ll start snowing, and all of this'll be covered up. Jacob frowns, looking at the sky, which is continuing to He starts to protest, but Hank doesn't let him. He drops Pederson, takes Jacob by the arm, guides him toward the c HANK (cont'd) You’re gonna drive back to the bridge. I‘1l take him through the park on the snowmobile. We’ll push him into the creek, make it look like he drove off by accident.
31) 30) dialog: You‘’ll get there before me, but I don’t want you to stop. I want you to drive by, then circle back. I don't want people to see you sitting there. (CONTINUED)
31) 33) dialog: Dwight. .? Pederson rocks his head, kicks his leg. He MOANS.
31) 35) dialog: (yelling) Jacob! ©
31) 41) dialog: Shhh. Pederson tries to rise again, SCREAMING:
32) 0) text: Jacob drives up in Hank's car. As Hank throws the jack in car's rear, Jacob jumps out and rushes toward the bridge' railing, leaving the engine on. Hank stares at him, shock
32) 1) dialog: Jacob. Jacob ignores him. He's stopped crying, but his movements still jittery, panicky. He peers over the railing at Pede HANK (cont'd) (urgent) If someone sees us-—-
32) 3) dialog: What? Jacob's panic rushes out of him like vomit--his chin star shake again, his voice trembles.
32) 6) dialog: You're gonna leave tracks-~ Jacob turns on him, enraged. He shoves at Hank. Hank shov back reflexively, and Jacob rushes at him, bulldozing him toward the car. The dog scrambles out, BARKING, snapping
32) 12) dialog: You didn't kill him. Jacob turns to look at him. Hank sits up, rubbing his hea wincing. He remains silent, hoping Jacob will let the sta go, but Jacob doesn't. He stands there, waiting. HANK (cont’d) (hedging) We both did.
32) 14) dialog: Can't we just get out of here, Jacob? If somebody sees us... Jacob doesn't move. Hank glances up and down the road, th SIGHS, rubs at his face. HANK (cont’d) He was still alive when you left. I smothered him with his scarf. Jacob struggles to absorb this. Hank moves to the driver' door, turns back to his brother. The dog pushes past him, jumping into the car. HANK (cont ’d) I guess that makes it my decision, doesn't it?
33) 0) text: Rank and Sarah stand before the TV. Sarah's flicking the remote: tense, frightened, focused. Hank's not looking at screen--he's watching Sarah, struggling to reassure her.
33) 1) dialog: I swear to God, it looks real... And even if... well, let's say it doesn't look like an accident. Who'd ever..? I mean, why would anyone think of us? We don’t--~
33) 3) dialog: But it's gonna snow. Any moment now--
33) 5) dialog: Blood? Sarah turns on him, furious, still flicking the channels.
33) 7) dialog: I don't know. I can't re--~
33) 9) dialog: (struggling to remember) I didn't... T was... I mean, it's gonna snow, Sarah. As soon as it snows all that‘1l be cov~-- Sarah waves abruptly him into silence. She's found the ne ON THE TV S3u The local news. WE SEE a FEMALE REPORTER walking along th bridge, TALKING INTO THE CAMERA.
34) 0) text: A MAN and WOMAN sit behind a low counter. Thanks, Tracy. On the wall behind him a picture of two Great Danes appea MAN (cont'd) (to the camera) Playful pouches or killer canines? In this case it seems to depend on who you talk to--
34) 5) dialog: Does it scare you? 40z. (CONTINUED)
34) 9) dialog: I mean what I've done. Sarah hesitates before she answers, as if debating the ri course to take. Finally, she shakes her head.
34) 11) dialog: But would you've done the same thing? If you'd been there instead of me? Sarah stares at him; she doesn't know what to say. HANK (cont ’d) I just want to know if it's possible.
35) 0) text: Tracks run up and down either bank-~Hank, Jacob, and Lou' fox's and the dog's...
37) 0) text: Hank and Sarah continue to hold each other's eyes for sev beats of anxious silence.
38) 0) text: The room is dark. Sarah is fast asleep. Hank climbs out o bed, moves to the window. He parts the curtain, peeks out
40) 0) text: The room is dark. Hank, dressed in his bathrobe, is pouri glass of milk. He opens the refrigerator to put the milk 68
41) 0) text: Hank stands by the table in his bathrobe, sipping at his paging through the brochures. The front window begins to from the wind. Hank steps toward it, excited, wipes away frosty condensation, and peers outside.
42) 0) text: The room is a shambles. Lou and Jacob sit on the couch, dividing the money. A shotgun rests across Lou’s knees. H bloodied body is slouched in an armchair across the room. Suddenly, from the front of the house, WE HEAR a door ope and Jacob freeze, listening. The door slams shut, and Lou his shotgun from his lap. We PUSH IN CLOSE on Hank as his eyelids flutter open.
42) 1) dialog: (gasping) Sarah...
42) 5) dialog: (yelling, in the distance) Sarah! Sarah lifts her head. She stares around the room, disorie then climbs from bed, moves to the window, parts the curt
44) 0) text: Hank watching out the window.
44) 2) dialog: (flinching from the window) Sure. - He steps quickly back to his desk, sits down. DOUG SCHMIT thin old man, dressed in a parka and wool cap is sitting from him. Butler is at his own desk, MURMURING on the pho
44) 6) dialog: (slowly, as if to a child) December began on a Monday, Doug. That means there were five Mondays in the month. You come in five times, you gotta pay for--
44) 8) dialog: ~ Just look at the goddamn calender, will you? Hank's abrupt tone makes Butler hesitate in his own conversation; he frowns across the room at him. Doug rise look at the calender. Hank snatches up his phone. . HANK (cont'd) (harassed, into the phone) What?
44) 10) dialog: I'm kind of busy right now, Jacob--
44) 12) dialog: (still watching Doug) The farm? What farm?
44) 16) dialog: What's going on?
44) 18) dialog: Doug? We straight on this? (no answer) Shit... (into the phone) I'm not gonna drive all the way... Jacob? Jacob's already hung up. EXT. PARENTS’ FARM — DAY “R66 Establishing shot. Blowing snow, windmill, dilapidated ba EXT. PARENTS’ FARM - DAY : . 66 A snow-packed road running through barren fields. Hank's Stops behind Jacob's truck, and he climbs out. The ruins house and barn stand on a rise above the road, along with rusty old windmill. WE SEE Jacob sitting on the edge of t house's porch. He stands up, waves. Hank starts toward hi leoking anxious. .
45) 0) text: Several of the house's windows are Shattered; the front d boarded up. The barn's roof is caving in. Jacob is trying peer in through one of the windows. He turns, smiling, wh hears Hank CRUNCHING toward him through the snow. Hank st front of the porch, raises his hands, questioning.
45) 1) dialog: 
45) 3) text: I’m.gonna buy it back. I’m gonna rebuild everything--just like it was before Mom and Dad died. . A long, sad stare from Hank. #e SIGHS, shaking his head.
45) 4) dialog: You know you can't do that. As soon as we Split up the money, we have to leave. prarinrens 67 47.
45) 7) dialog: Where would you say you got your money? Jacob brightens; he's obviously already thought this thro
45) 9) dialog: It’s so hard, Jacob. You don’t just buy a farm, you have to work it. You have to know about machines and seed and fertilizers and pesticides and herbicides and drainage and irrigation and the weather and the government. You don’t know about any of that. You’d end up just like Dad.
45) 11) dialog: He had two mortgages riding on the place. There was no way he could keep up--
45) 13) dialog: What else would--? (CONTINUED)
45) 17) dialog: Jacob-- Jacob kicks at the porch railing, splintering it.
45) 19) dialog: Jacob, you've got the whole world. You can ge anywhere you want.
46) 0) text: Afternoon: sunny, cold. Hank comes from the direction of feedstore, walking fast. He turns in at the library.
47) 0) text: Sarah is behind the counter, sorting books. Hank enters f the street.
47) 1) dialog: What..? Sarah holds a finger to her lips, nodding toward MRS. TRI an old woman on the far side of the room. Then she waves behind the counter. She removes some papers from beneath book, spreads them out for him to see. Hank peers down at WE SEE the papers: three photocopied newspaper articles.
47) 5) dialog: (squinting at the photos) IT can’t tell. His face was... gone. (a pause) . He'd have to be the younger one, though. The older one’s too big.
47) 8) dialog: I guess it changes things, doesn't it?
47) 10) dialog: Now we know someone's looking for it. We can’t say it isn’t stealing anymore. (CONTINUED)
47) 14) dialog: It might still be marked. Sarah shakes her head. She points toward the articles.
48) 0) text: Hank and Sarah are asleep. Very faintly, WE HEAR knocking downstairs. Hank lifts his head, listening. When the KNOC resumes, he slips out of bed, leaving Sarah sleeping behi
49) 0) text: Hank tiptoes toward us down the stairs. Someone is JIGGLI front doorknob, trying to get in. Hank reaches the bottom stoops to peer through the window beside the door. HANK’S POV - THROUGH THE WINDOW TIA A car is parked on the street. Suddenly, LOU’S FACE block view. He presses against the glass, kissing it. 7i{conBACK TO SCENE 7il(con) Hank unbolts the door. He cracks it open and peeks outsid Lou stands on the porch, smiling drunkenly. (CONTINUED)
49) 2) dialog: Go home, Lou. Turn around and go home.
49) 4) dialog: I don't have time for this. I have to go to work in the morning. Lou nods, as if in understanding. He rubs his hands toget glances around the entranceway.
49) 6) dialog: The money’s not here. And even if it were I wouldn't give you any. Lou rears back in indignation.
49) 8) dialog: Part of it might be yours. If we decide to keep it. The plan was--
49) 10) dialog: If you ask me again, I’1l go and burn it first thing tomorrow. Is that clear?
49) 12) text: 71(COBPNTINUED: (2) 71{con) Lou SNICKERS at this, brushes away Hank’s hand.
49) 14) dialog: Call it then. See what happens.
49) 16) dialog: You drink too much. You don’t know what you‘re saying. Lou I want one of the packets. HANK . They aren’t here. I’ve hidden them away from the house. Lou Be a shame if someone wrote a note to Carl Jenkins, saying there might be something a little suspicious about Dwight Pederson’s accident. I mean, he just drove off that bridge? You believe that?
49) 17) dialog: Jesus, Lou. You*re a thief, remember? If one of us goes to jail, we all do. Lou is momentarily confused. He struggles to think it thr
49) 20) dialog: The money's a day's drive away. I couldn't get to it even if I wanted. Not till Sarah’s had the baby. Lou (not believing him) A day's drive?
49) 21) dialog: It’s at a storage place down in St. Paul.
49) 23) dialog: I didn’t want it near us. In case we came under suspicion for some reason. Lou ponders this, pursing his lips, adding numbers in his
49) 28) dialog: You heard? Sarah doesn’t respond. She’s holding her belly, perplexed HANK (cont'd) I never should've told Jacob... (trailing off) I knew it, too. Sarah sits down suddenly, grimacing.
49) 30) dialog: Even as I was doing it, I knew--
49) 32) dialog: what?
50) 0) text: Jacob, carrying a present wrapped in pink tissue paper, m down the hall, scanning doorways for room numbers, brushi his hair while he walks. He finally finds the room he wan strides toward it, only to pause on the threshold. 73 INT. SARAH’S HOSPITAL ROOM - DAY ch A curtain divides the room. A TV PLAYS behind it. Sarah-- longer pregnant--is dozing in the bed. Hank notices Jacob the doorway. He holds up a hand for him to wait. Then, mo quietly, so that he doesn't wake Sarah, he slips from the
51) 0) text: Hank and Jacob are standing a few doors down from Sarah's speaking in HUSHED voices. There's no one else in the hal but the doors to all the rooms stand open, and we can HEA people talking in them, along with the crying of a baby. (CONTINUED)
51) 3) dialog: (surprised) Gambling? (Jacob nods) Where?
51) 5) dialog: A lot? Jacob shrugs, evasive. Hank starts to press for an answer then smiles instead, looking past Jacob down the hall.
51) 8) dialog: (cheerily, to the couple) The big day, huh? The couple LAUGH, nod. As soon as they pass, Hank stops smiling. But not Jacob: he watches them go, grinning, and seems startled when Hank resumes his interrogation. HANK (cont'd) How could you've told him, Jacob? 1 put myself at risk for you, and what do you do? You turn around and betray me.
51) 10) dialog: it's like there are two sides now. Like~-
51) 12) dialog: (with sudden intensity) Lou talks about sides? (CONTINUED)
51) 18) dialog: No, I want to know: Lou, or me? Jacob glances down the hall, searching for a way out. Fin
51) 21) dialog: It was his bear. (Sarah looks up, startled) When he was little. Sarah lifts the bear again, reappraising it. She sniffs a
51) 26) dialog: {not glancing up) What do you want with a tape reco-der? Sarah glances toward the curtain, lowers her voice.
51) 28) dialog: . What're you talking about? Sarah holds her finger to her lips, gestures toward the o half of the room. They both stare at the curtain, behind the only sign of life is the Tv.
51) 30) dialog: That’s absurd. There’s no way it’d work. The baby makes a MEWLING sound. Sarah smiles down at it.
51) 38) dialog: But even if we could get him to say it, it wouldn't mean anything. No one would ever believe it.
51) 44) dialog: (with growing impatience) You tell him I agreed to split up the money. That I want to go out and celebrate first. Jacob is becoming increasingly upset. He shakes his head
51) 52) dialog: Don't you get what's happening here? He can send us both to jail.
51) 54) dialog: {spinning back toward Jacob) Know what the problem is? You don't have any distance on this. You can't see what he's really like. Jacob gives him an incredulous look. He sits up on the be
51) 56) dialog: I can tell you-- Furious, Jacob flings his half-empty beer can across the The dog jumps up, BARKS.
51) 58) dialog: Look. You want me to help buy back the farm? (silence) Well? Jacob still doesn't answer. He realizes he's trapped and searching unsuccessfully for a way out. Finally, he nods. steps over to the night table, grabs the phone, slams it into Jacob's lap. : HANK (cont'd) Then you gotta help me first. He strides back to the window, stares out into the night. wavers, watching his brother's back. Finally, he picks up phone and begins, very slowly, to dial. WE SEE Hank shut eyes, as if oddly pained by his success.
52) 0) text: Sarah sits at the table--which is set for two--nursing th WE HEAR the front door open, the MURMUR of Hank and Jacob (CONTINUED )
52) 4) text: I invited him for dinner. Sarah looks Surprised. She takes a moment to absorb the n watching Hank lay out the utensils, Then, still whisperin
52) 6) dialog: T had to promise him the farm.
52) 8) dialog: (plaintively) Where's he Supposed to go, Sarah? Sarah launches into him, her voice Slowly rising.
52) 12) dialog: This breeze Starts the windmill's Sails spinning~~
52) 15) dialog: Mom thought so.
52) 18) dialog: Can still hear him bitching about it: Why didn't you wait to see if I got up, for Christ's sake?"
52) 24) dialog: I don't know... I guess so.
52) 26) dialog: What're you talking about?. They were drinking. It was an accident. Jacob SCOFFS at this.
53) 0) text: INT. SMALL TOWN BAR —- NIGHT 81 A long room with a bar running down one side, a line of b down the other. ‘The place is loud, smoke-filled. Hank, J and Lou are drinking in a booth. Jacob sits beside his br looking tense, distracted. Lou is leaning forward, a bit addressing Hank with surprising earnestness. (CONTINUED)
53) 1) text: Maybe... Maybe sometimes I can come off as a bit of an asshole... you think? Hank starts to deny this, but Lou waves him into silence. Lou (cont'd) No, no, I know what I'm talkin' about. But fuck it, all in the Past, right? Whaddya
53) 2) text: He extends his hand across the table. r+ takes Hank a mom understand what's expected of him. Then, while Jacob watc with Something close to disgust, Hank Smiles, shakes Lou'
53) 3) dialog: Sounds good to me. Lou Hell yes! Live and let live: He drops Hank's hand, quickly downs a shot, then wipes hi on his sleeve, BELCHING, Lou (cont'd) Gotta take a leak. Lou rises, a bit unsteady on his feet. As he's moving alo bar to the bathri 1 he stumbles into a large, BEARDED MAN Stool. The man glances over his shoulder, and Lou gives h angry stare, hitching up his belt. Lou Think that’s funny tripping People on the way to the can? Think you‘re some king of comedian? The bearded man spins to face Lou. The bar begins to quie
54) 0) text: Lou and Jacob are taking turns sipping from a bottle of w Lou We gotta be real quiet. Nancy's asleep. INT. LOU’S FAMILY ROOM - NIGHT 83 The living room is a step down from the entranceway. Ther green shag carpet, an old-looking TV. Hank and Jacob are sitting on the couch; Lou is in an armchair across from t Everyone's drinking whiskey; Lou and Jacob are both quite Lou (loud) --so this guy steps forward, right? And he says, ‘He was doin’ fine till we twisted his head back around for him. Then he fuckin’ died on us.' Jacob scowls as Hank bursts into LAUGHTER, playing to Lou
54) 2) text: 83 HANK'S Poy _ FRONT oF THE HOUSE Nancy is at the foot of the Stairs, Shirt. Her hair is tangled from Sleep
54) 4) dialog: What're you waiting for? 1 don’t wanna be here all night. Jacob shakes his head drunkenly, not looking at Hank.
54) 11) dialog: You gonna play older brother now? Teach me how to drink my whiskey? Jacob ignores him, still looking at Lou.
54) 17) dialog: Crossing the stream? Jacob takes a sip of whiskey--mimicking Hank again. Then stands up and begins making fun of the way Hank crossed t stream that first day, as they made their way through the to the plane. He exaggerates Hank's awkward hops, his tee in midstream. Lou CLAPS and GUFFAWS: it's obvious this ha been a recurrent joke between them. Hank blushes.
54) 20) dialog: Look, we've all had too much to drink. Maybe we should--
54) 22) dialog: What're you talk--
54) 32) text: 83 59. CONTINUED: (5) a3 Lou I smothered him with his scarf, then I pushed him off the bridge into Anders’ Creek. I made it look like an accident. That's enough for Hank; he gestures at Jacob to stop. Okay. That's-- Jacob ignores him.
54) 34) dialog: (firm, to Jacob) - That's enough. Lou (shaking his head) I wanna get to the part where you offer to testify against us. Keep asking me questions, Jake. Jacob takes a swallow of whiskey. He seems spent by the w episode, drained. He dr back on the couch as Hank takes o the tape recorder and rewinds it. Hank presses play, sets the table. They all stare at it while it replays Lou and Jacob's DIALOGUE. Lou looks utterly bewildered. LOU (cont'd) You taped us? Neither Hank nor Jacob answers him. When the tape is fini Hank reaches forward and rewinds it. Lov (cont'd) What ‘re you doing, Hank?
54) 35) dialog: It's your confession. It's you saying how you killed Dwight Pederson. Lou stares at the tape recorder for a moment, realizing f what it’s for. He sneers at Hank. (CONTINUED)
54) 38) dialog: If you and I both went into carl’s tomorrow and claimed that the other killed Dwight Pederson, who do you think he'd believe? You? A forty-year-old, unemployed high school dropout who's Broud when people call him the town drunk? Or me? I've got a job, Lou. I don't get drunk and shout obscenities at my wife in public. I don't pass out in other People's doorways. A tense moment, then Lou tries to grab the tape recorder, Hank snatches it away, returns it to his shirt pocket. Lou (angry, humiliated) You fucking-- He rises. Hank does, too. Lou scowls at him, waves at Jac LOU (cont'd) Come on, Jake. Jacob sags deep into the couch, not looking at either of
54) 46) dialog: What ‘re you doing, Lou? Lou stops five feet away, pumps the gun, aims it at Hank’ chest. Outside, WE HEAR Jacob’s truck door slam shut.
54) 48) dialog: Put the gun down. Hank starts to back onto the porch, dragging the door shu behind him. Lou grabs it, yanks it open, raises the gun a
54) 52) dialog: Stop it, Jacob. Go back to the truck. Jacob doesn't move. Lou You gonna shoot me, Jake? (CONTINUED)
54) 59) dialog: Come on, Lou. We can talk this through. Lou raises the gun till it's pointing just above Hank's h and pulls the trigger. There's a tremendous EXPLOSION. Th runs off. An eerie quiet settles in. Lou Pumps another sh into the chamber, gives Hank an edgy smile. Lou That was just an in-sin-u-a-tion. He steps forward, presses the gun to Hank's forehead. Ran holds himself rigid, too frightened to move. He shuts his (CONTINUED)
54) 62) dialog: Lou... Lou's smile deepens. Behind him, Nancy descends another s
54) 64) dialog: It's okay, Nancy.
54) 66) dialog: Wait. We have to decide what-- Nancy SCREAMS, yanks her arm free. She turns on him in a frenzy, CRYING, her words unintelligible. Hank makes a qu gesture with his hands. Jacob steps through the door, loo dazed, clenching his rifle. HANK (cont'd) Nancy. You can still have his share. Nancy flinches, shocked into Momentary silence. Then:
54) 70) dialog: Shhh-- He makes another quieting motion, but she Starts toward h fists clenched, her face distorted with rage. Hank backs
54) 72) dialog: It's okay. I’m not-- He crouches to lay the gun down. Nancy scrambles to her f begins backing into the living Toom, still SHRIEKING. HANK (cont'd) Shhh, Nancy. Please. Hank starts after her, the gun in his hands. Nancy turns run. There's a doorway in the back corner of the room, le to the kitchen, and she heads straight for it, knocking o end table in her flight. HANK (cont'd) Waitt He sprints after her, into--
55) 0) text: Nancy lies crumpled against the refrigerator, her chest a of blood, her head cocked at an odd angle. Hank examines from the doorway, a blank look on his face. Then he turns vanishes back into the family room. WE HOLD on Nancy, as blood slowly begins to pool on the surrounding tiles.
56) 0) text: Hank stands by the couch, talking on the phone. The coffe table has been obliterated; the armchair has a giant hole
56) 1) dialog: ~-at Lou Chambers' place. Out on County Road 27, just past Burnt Road. {a pause) They're both... They're both dead. {he feigns a sob) You gotta hurry. Please. He sets down the phone, his hand noticeably shaking.
56) 5) dialog: Jacob? He rises quickly to his feet. Jacob's parka is lying on t floor a few yards away. Hank steps over and picks it up. HANK (cont'd) (yelling) Jacob? After a beat, WE HEAR, very faintly, a gasping sound-~lik stifled sob-~come from the kitchen. Hank steps down into living room, hurrying toward the kitchen's open doorway. INT. LOU’S KITCHEN - NIGHT 1 Hank pauses on the threshold. Nancy still lies in her blo puddle. Hank stares at her, as if he thinks that she migh been the one to make the gasping sound. There's no sign o Jacob. Hank is just about to turn from the doorway when h stops, peers again at the floor.
56) 9) dialog: What're you doing? Jacob shrugs, struggles for a smile, but can't quite make
56) 11) dialog: You gonna be okay? (CONTINUED )
56) 12) text: —™ 91 77. CONTINUED: 9h Jacob thinks for a moment, then shakes his head. His mout starts to tremble, and he turns away. HANK (cont’d) We can make this work, Jacob. We can-- He starts down the steps, and Jacob jumps up, turning to him, scared. He shakes his head again, slowly at first bu more and more quickly.
56) 14) dialog: Shhh. dust listen, all right? All we gotta say is-- Jacob continues to shake his head, covering his ears.
56) 16) dialog: Stop itl Jacob freezes, startled. Hank comes down another step, lo his voice, struggling to sound soothing. BANK (cont’d) I need you to calm down. Can you do that for me? Can you calm down and listen to what I have to say? (a long pause; finally Jacob manages a nod) They were fighting, okay? They were both drunk, and Lou started pushing Nancy around. When we tried to stop him, he went and grabbed his gun, and Nancy ran for her pistol. We sprinted out to the truck and got your rifle, but by the time we got back to the house, it was too late. He'd already shot her. He was shooting up the whole place, firing into the ceiling, the walls, everything. And when we stepped into the doorway, he fired at me. The shot went wide, so he pumped the gun again and . aimed right at my chest... And that's when you killed him... (MORE) (CONTINUED)
56) 22) dialog: (coaxing him) And what'd we do? WE PUSH IN ON Hank, as he tries to prod the story out of HANK (cont'd) We ran out to the truck--
57) 0) text: Hank sits on one side of a table, facing the Fulton Count SHERIFF, a DETECTIVE, and Carl. WE SEE a tape recorder sp on the table, several half-empty cups of coffee. The dete is taking notes. Hank hesitates, surprised by the questio When he nods, the detective stops scribbling. CARL (cont'd) Because the way Jacob tells it... {he leans forward, scans the ~  detective's notes) He went to get his rifle on his own. He says Lou chased you out of the house after he shot Nancy. (CONTINUED)
61) 0) text: Hank and Sarah stand arm-in-arm as Lou's casket is lowere the ground. They keep glancing at Jacob, who's weeping uncontrollably. WE SEE Nancy's fresh grave, a rectangle o brown dirt in the snow. The priest sprinkles holy water. and Jacob both cross themselves.
62) 0) text: Hank, still dressed in his suit from the funeral, is read card. The hall table is cluttered with gifts--tupperware containers full of food, jars of jam, foil-wrapped loaves bread. Hank sets the card beside them, starts up the stai
63) 0) text: Hank heads for the bedroom, loosening his tie. He pauses doorway. HANK'S POV - ‘THE BEDROOM The baby is on the bed. Sarah’s changing her diaper, but paused to play for a moment. She dips her head to Amanda' then pulls it back, COOING. Amanda smiles, kicks her feet Sarah glances up, turns toward us, her face blank. Finall after a long moment, she manages a smile.
65) 0) text: Sarah kneels beside the tub, bathing Amanda in a plastic Hank is in his pajamas, brushing his teeth. WE HEAR a fai pounding. Hank doesn't notice, but Sarah lifts her head.
65) 5) dialog: It's all right.
65) 7) dialog: No, no, I appreciate it. I mean I'm sorry you even had to... Is he gonna be in any trouble? Carl waves him into silence.
66) 0) text: Jacob sits on the bed, a blanket over his shoulders, shiv his nose running. Hank is untying his boots, yanking at t shoestrings, angry. Sarah watches from the doorway.
66) 1) dialog: What the hell were you thinking about? That's the last place in the world you oughta be.
66) 3) dialog: Jacob-- JACOB . (quiet, from the pillow) Do you ever feel evil? Hank is startled by the question. He thinks for a moment.
66) 4) dialog: No. I feel like... I mean we didn't--
66) 6) dialog: Shhh, now. Shhh, Jacob. He glances toward the empty doorway. INT. MITCHELL BEDROOM -—- NIGET mw Sarah is lying on her side in bed, seemingly asleep. Hank ENTERS, creeps toward the bed. As he slips beneath the co
66) 10) dialog: He'll be all right. He's just--
66) 12) dialog: Meaning?
67) 0) text: There's a "For Sale" sign in the yard; the place looks ev dilapidated than before. Jacob's truck sits in the center the road. Hank's car approaches, stopping behind it.
68) 0) text: Hank puts the car in park, waits for Jacob to climb out, Jacob doesn't move. He stares off at the house, then out truck, thinking. When he finally speaks, his voice is qui
68) 5) dialog: You don't need the money for that. Jacob gives him a knowing look, not believing Hank means HANK (cont'd) What about Carrie Richards? Didn't she like you without the money? Jacob shakes his head, smiling grimly.
68) 7) dialog: {with sympathy) Jesus, Jacob.
68) 9) dialog: Sure you are. We all are. Jacob nods, too, staring off down the road, pursuing a vi
69) 0) text: Hank sits in the barber's chair, an old, bald-headed BARB trimming his hair. Hank's eyes are shut, the scissors mov quickly about his head. The door SQUEAKS open. The barber to the new arrival, but Hank doesn't open his eyes.
69) 2) text: Carl is standing behind the chair, grinning, examining Ha hair. He CLUCKS his tongue. CARL (cont’d) Getting a little thin up top there, Hank.
69) 4) dialog: (smiling) Don't you have any crimes to solve?
69) 6) dialog: Why's that? (CONTINUED)
69) 11) dialog: (impatient) We didn't hear it crash, Jacob. We heard an engine, that's it. For all we know it could've been a snowmobile.
69) 13) dialog: Come on. You've had enough. He grabs Jacob's parka, pulls him out of the booth. Jacob obediently. He reaches to take his beer, but Hank won't l him; he drags him toward the door. The bartender turns to them go.
70) 0) text: Hank and Jacob exit the bar, Jacob blinking at the sunlig Down the street, an old man is unloading firewood from th of a pickup. Hank and Jacob start down the sidewalk.
70) 1) dialog: It's really not that difficult. We go in, you say-- (CONTINUED)
70) 6) dialog: What the fuck does that have to do with anything?
70) 8) dialog: (loud) Who hit him in the first place, huh? Every step of the way you're the one who's pushed us into trouble, and I'm the one who's dragged us back out. Jacob lowers his eyes, silenced. A beat, then he struggle rise. Hank steps back, glancing up and down the street. HANK'S POV - down the street The old man with the firewood is peering toward us. He wa moment, then returns to his unloading.
71) 0) text: Sarah paces across the room, trying to quiet the WAILING Hank is changing from his work clothes, but he's so nervo he keeps starting a new task--untying his shoe, unbuttoni shirt--before finishing the last. ” HANK Maybe we should leave. Just take the money, the baby--
71) 2) dialog: The connections are just under the surface, Sarah. It wouldn't be that hard for things to come together. There's the plane and Pederson, there's Lou and Nancy and-- Sarah grabs him as he passes before her. With one hand sh holds the SCREAMING baby, with the other she grips Hank's
71) 4) dialog: Christ! Can't you shut her up? They lock eyes for a moment, then Hank strides from the r
72) 0) text: PUSH IN ON HANK, fists clenched at his side, eyes shut. H takes a deep breath, steaming the air, then another, then
74) 0) text: Hank, Jacob and NEAL BAXTER sit before Carl's desk. Baxte large, crewcut man, dressed in a suit and trench coat. Ca behind his desk. His office is-neat and spare-~a filing cabinet, a nearly empty bookshelf, a gun cabinet on the w
74) 1) dialog: It was snowing pretty hard, so we weren’t really sure, but it sounded like an engine coughing on and off. We pulled over to listen, but we didn’t hear anything more-- no crash, no engine, nothing. He watches Baxter write this down. When Baxter finishes, shuts his notebook, then glances from brother to brother. shifts uncomfortably in his seat, making it CREAK.
74) 11) dialog: (to Baxter) Can you tell us what’s going on?
75) 0) text: Hank has just come home. He's still wearing his overcoat, melting on his shoulders. Sarah is washing lettuce at the
75) 2) dialog: This isn't a guess, Sarah. The guy from the FBI told me where it's from.
75) 4) dialog: BHe’s searching for a plane full of money. .You can't tell me there's more than one of those around here. Hank pulls a bottle of beer from the refrigerator. The st timer BUZZES. Sarah opens the oven, checks inside. WE SEE roast chicken, not quite done. She resets the timer.
75) 6) dialog: Well congratulations, Sarah. I guess you know more than the FBI. (CONTINUED)
76) 0) text: Hank ENTERS. Sarah is digging through her bureau's top dr As Hank sits on the bed and starts to remove his shoes, s turns, excited, the articles about the kidnapping in her
76) 2) dialog: The guy I met today was skinnier. He had a crew cut and no beard.
76) 4) dialog: He wouldn't be coming around like this; it's too big a risk.
76) 9) dialog: It doesn't really make a difference, does it? No matter who he is, I still have to take him to the plane.
76) 11) dialog: Why not?
76) 13) dialog: But if he's really from the FBI, it'll look suspicious if I don't help. As he watches Sarah search for a response, WE HEAR the st timer go off. It goes on and on, but neither of them reac
77) 0) text: Hank and Sarah sit at the table. Sarah is serving the chi which is noticeably burnt. She starts to eat, setting asi burnt part. Hank watches her, ignoring his own food. He's tense, overwrought.
77) 2) dialog: I'm meeting them at nine. They won't be open before that.
77) 4) dialog: And if there's no Agent Baxter?
77) 9) dialog: And Jacob?
77) 12) dialog: (out of control) A plan? Like the one to take the money back to the plane, and we wind up killing Pederson? Or the one to tape Lou and two more, people end up dying? That the sort of plan you're thinking of? A long, strained beat of silence. Then, with sudden resol HANK (cont'd) I'm gonna take the money back to the plane. (a bewildered look from Sarah) The snow'll cover my tracks. By the time--
77) 14) dialog: If we put it back, everything'll be just like it used to be. For a moment, Sarah is too astonished to react. Then she up and starts after him.
78) 0) text: Hank is climbing the stairs. Sarah comes down the hall fr kitchen, YELLING at him. (CONTINUED)
78) 2) dialog: Sarah-- Sarah keeps going, ignoring him.
78) 4) dialog: That's enough. You've made your--
78) 10) dialog: Stop it! A beat of silence. Hank looks at Sarah as if she's just s him in the chest. Sarah remains wrapped within her fury. outside, WE HEAR the wind buffeting the house.
80) 0) text: Hank sits in front of Carl's desk, his hat in his hand. C at his filing cabinet, fiddling with a coffee maker. He t hands Hank a steaming cup, then sits behind his desk.
80) 6) dialog: (feigning indifference) This guy show you a badge or anything?
80) 8) dialog: I always wondered if they look like they do in the movies.
80) 10) dialog: You know, bright and silver with the big F- B-I stamped across the center.
80) 12) dialog: You saw his?
80) 18) text: CARL (cont'd) Police Department. (@ pause; he smiles at Hank) Yes, Ma'am. He's sitting right across from me, trying to figure out how to avoid eating one of my wife's homemade donuts. {a pause; he laughs) Well, why don't you tell him that yourself? (another pause) All right then. You take care. (handing the phone to Hank) Your wife. Hank takes the phone. Hey, honey.
81) 0) text: Carl and Baxter stand by Carl's truck, watching Hank appr down the steps. Hank stops, reaches up, touches his head.
81) 1) dialog: Damn. (he glances over his shoulder) Left my hat in your office. Carl waves him back up the steps.
82) 0) text: Hank moves quickly to Carl's desk. He takes the key from beneath the paperweight, unlocks the gun cabinet, grabs a pistol. He re-locks the door, returns the key to its hidi place, and starts to leave, but then stops to see if the loaded. It's not. He moves to Carl's desk, yanking open t drawers. He finds several boxes of bullets in the bottom drawer, all different. sizes. He tries one, but it doesn' WE HEAR a horn honk. Hank jumps, glancing out the window.
84) 0) text: The truck is moving through farm country. INT. CARL‘S POLICE BRONCO - MOVING - DAY 135 Carl is driving. Baxter sits in the middle with Hank on h right.
85) 6) dialog: (with an edge) Thought you weren't feeling up to this.
85) 11) dialog: I'll take the center. He points into the woods, straight toward the plane.
86) 0) text: Hank trudges through the snow, weaving between the trees. other three men are nowhere in sight. He stops, stares.
87) 0) text: Hank moves through the orchard. As he's passing the plane HEAR a crunching sound beneath his boot. He stops, turns what he's stepped on. It's Lou's beer can, crushed now, a half-covered with snow. Hank grins, bending to pick it up Then he starts jauntily up the slope, not looking back.
88) 0) text: Hank glances around to make sure he's alone, then heaves beer can into the woods. As it SMACKS into a tree trunk, HEAR a gunshot. Hank jumps.
91) 0) text: Hank is motionless, listening. (CONTINUED )
92) 1) dialog: Carl! Baxter stops, listening, perplexed. The WHISTLE blows aga
93) 0) text: Carl is on the slope above the orchard, a huge grin on hi He's come around from the east, and is facing the tail of Plane. Hank's tracks cut straight across the orchard, fro to right. As Carl slides his pistol into his holster, he pauses, listening. WE HEAR the whistle. Then: HANK (OS cont’d) Run, Carl! Carl squints off into the woods, bewildered.
94) 0) text: Hank runs through the woods, blowing on the WHISTLE. He r the rim of the orchard, and pauses, out of breath.
94) 3) dialog: Get out of there, Carl! Run! Hank starts down into the orchard. Carl doesn't seem to h him. He smiles up at Hank, pointing at the plane.
94) 7) dialog: Pull your gun on him! Make him show you his badget Baxter and Carl glance at each other. Baxter grins awkwar shaking his head. Carl CHUCKLES. Hank is fumbling with hi coat, trying to get at the gun, which has slipped down in crotch. His fingers are clumsy with his gloves on, though he can't get anything open. Finally he just points at Bax HANK (cont’d) Get your hands in the air! Baxter and Carl LAUGH. Hank continues toward them, walkin awkwardly because of the pistol.
95) 1) dialog: (very far away)
96) 0) text: Baxter aims his pistol at Hank's chest. Carl's body lies their feet, his blood steaming the air.
96) 2) dialog: I don't-~- Baxter lashes out at him with his pistol: a Savage, back- blow to the side of his face, knocking Hank backward. Han touches his cheek. His hand comes away bloody. When he glances at Baxter again, he finds the pistol aime his head, its hammer cocked. Hank waves toward the plane. HANK (cont'd) It's still in there. Baxter glances down at the gun on Carl's belt, then up at
97) 0) text: Hank crouches behind the pilot's seat. The garbage bag fu money sits at his feet. He has the gun out, and is diggin his pants for the bullets.
97) 4) dialog: (picking up his pistol) 148Be . Okay, okay! I've got itt Still struggling with the bullets, he starts toward the d
98) 0) text: Hank squeezes through the doorway, holding the garbage ba before him. Baxter steps forward and grabs it.
98) 3) text: Hank stands there, drenched with sweat, pointing his pist us. His wound is leaking a line of blood down his face.
98) 6) dialog: Just me. He Shoots Baxter between the eyes. An instant after the
98) 9) dialog: (CONTINUED)
98) 12) dialog: It's okay, Jacob. Jacob moves toward Carl's body, as if in a trance.
98) 14) dialog: He did. Jacob falls to his knees beside Carl, reaching toward him steps quickly forward. HANK (cont’d) Don't. Jacob ignores him, taking Carl's hand. HANK (cont'd) (growing angry) You're gonna mess it up. Hank grabs his brother by his jacket, drags him backward. falls on his rear end in the snow, then just sits there, upset to move. Hank examines Carl's body, making sure Jac hasn't disturbed it. Then he turns back toward Jacob. HANK (cont'd) You understand what we're gonna say? Jacob doesn't respond. Hank steps toward him. HANK (cont’d) It's simple. {he holds up his pistol) We're gonna tell them Carl loaned me the pistol to signal if I found the plane, and when I saw Baxter shoot him, I-~ Jacob lifts his head. His face is wet with tears. He rise his feet, his rifle slipping off his shoulder into the sn gives Hank a desolate look. -
98) 18) dialog: What're you talking about? (he waves around them) It's perfect. This is exactly what--
98) 20) dialog: You can't do this again. We're gonna end up in jail if you keep-- Jacob is looking at Carl's corpse, his face quivering.
98) 23) dialog: You want to be happy, Jacob? You want the farm, a wife and kids, me and you drinking on the porch late at night? Jacob stares at him vacantly. Hank shakes his arm, shouts HANK (cont'd) Do you? (seemingly against his will, Jacob nods) Well this is how you get it. Right here. Right now. He starts to drag Jacob from the plane, past Carl's body. heat of Carl’s blood has begun to melt the surrounding sn HANK (cont’d) This is what it costs-- (CONTINUED )
98) 27) dialog: You don't have to. We're gonna-- Jacob shakes his head.
98) 30) dialog: 
98) 33) dialog: Goddammit. We don't have time for this. Jacob stares down at the pistol in his hand, struggling t things through. He looks up at his brother. (CONTINUED)
98) 37) dialog: Jacob. Jacob pushes the dog away, rises, lifts Carl's pistol. Fo instant it looks as if he's going to aim it at Hank, but presses it to his own temple. HANK (cont'd) (horrified) Jacob!
98) 39) dialog: Put the gun down. Jacob nods, encouraging him.
98) 41) dialog: No... Tears are starting to. leak down Hank's cheeks. Jacob coc pistol's hammer with his thumb. Hank takes a single step him, but Jacob backs away.
98) 45) text: Hank is surrounded by the three corpses, the pistol still out before him. He slowly drops to his knees, then lifts head and lets loose with a long WAIL of pure despair. Beh him, the plane shines in the sun. Mary Beth BARKS frantic while the crows whirl above the trees, CAWING.
98) 49) dialog: as two men, dressed in identical overcoats, approach him behind. They're Special Agents RENKINS and FREMONT. Fremo has the plastic bag full of money.
99) 0) text: Renkins is seated behind Carl's desk, watching Hank, who across from him. Fremont stands peering in at the gun cab The garbage bag full of money and the pistol Hank stole e that morning sit on the desk, alongside a running tape re
99) 4) dialog: I don't--
99) 7) dialog: I don't understand. He said-- Fremont nods; he knows what he said.
99) 9) dialog: He was looking for his brother? (CONTINUED)
99) 16) dialog: What do you mean?
99) 23) dialog: (stunned) The money’s marked.
100) 0) text: Hank drops the empty duffel bag to the floor, bends, pick handful of packets. Logs burn in the fireplace. Sarah sta before it, facing Hank. She's crying, shaking her head.
100) 9) dialog: Sarah... She wipes at her tears, steps forward, holding out her ha
102) 0) text: Hank is crouched beside Sarah, prying the packets from he She’s sobbing. Behind them, the fire blazes. The GRINDING almost unbearably loud now.
103) 0) text: Hank stands in the center of the storeroom, his clipboard hand, staring blankly at the shelves, which sag beneath t piled sacks of grain. The air is thick with dust, the wal vibrating with the violence of the mill. ~
104) 0) text: Abrupt SILENCE. Hank crouches before the fire, flames. 1184
104) 3) text: Sarah still lies On the carpet, curled into a ball, longer crying. Like Hank, she's Staring dully into We watch them for a long time before we but she's no the fire,