5) 0) text: The POUNDING resumes, as Hank comes down the stairs. He g his coat off the bannister, pulls open the door. His brot JACOB, waits on the porch. He's heavy, slovenly, dressed dirty red parka. He eyes Hank, taking in his suit and tie
5) 1) dialog: You ready? Hank stares past him, buttoning his overcoat. 19h HANK'S POV — THE STREET 108 Jacob's rusted red pickup idles at the curb. His DOG, a shepherd mix, is in the back. LOU sits in the passenger s fortyish, balding, stoop-shouldered. He throws Hank a wav 1@cont BACK TO SCENE 1@cont Hank waves back with an obvious lack of enthusiasm.
5) 3) dialog: Needed a lift home.
5) 5) dialog: (another shrug) I thought we could take him after. Hank looks as if he's about to protest more strongly, but he checks himself. He sighs, reaches back inside for the poinsettia, then shuts the door and leads Jacob down the
6) 0) text: A small graveyard behind a ramshackle church, surrounded fields. Snow covers everything. Jacob's truck idles in th church's lot. His dog sits in back, pressed against the r windshield, which has been replaced with a sheet of plast Hank and Jacob trudge toward the center of the cemetery. is carrying the poinsettia. They stop before a gravestone Jacob stoops to wipe it clear of snow, revealing an inscr Jacob Hansel Mitchell Josephine McDonnell Mitchell June 2, 1930 May 5, 1933 December 31, 1990 December 31, 1990 Beneath this are two blank spots, for Hank and Jacob. The stand for a beat, heads bowed. The dog watches from the r the truck, ears erect. After a moment, Hank kneels to place the poinsettia befor grave. He scoops out a little crevice for it in the snow, inadvertently excavating the frozen remains of a potted chrysanthemum. Hank stares at it in surprise, then up at
6) 2) dialog: I brought it. Bank seems to have trouble accepting this idea.
6) 4) dialog: (laughing) You think this is the only day we can come? Before Hank can respond, WE HEAR a screeching sound from parking lot. Both men turn to look.
8) 0) text: Jacob's truck is pulling away from the parking lot, the d back. WE SEE the two men's names yellowing the snow. Lou' written in large, bold letters. Jacob's starts out equall but then gradually shrinks as his bladder empties: JAcob. EXT. JACOB’S TRUCK ~ DAY - MOVING/BRIDGE & CREEK *1IC The truck crosses a low bridge over a half-frozen creek. snow is piled thickly over the bridge's railings. In the truck's rear, the dog sits pressed against the back of th
9) 0) text: Jacob drives with his gut pressed against the wheel. Like he has a beer can nestled between his thighs. Lou is on t outside, with Hank in the middle. Lou and Jacob talk back forth above Hank's head, as if he weren’t even there. Lou And when he looks under the seat, he shouts: “What the hell is this supposed to be?” And you know what the guy says?
9) 1) dialog: (snickering) It’s a crockpot. Lou shakes his head, LAUGHING. (CONTINUED )
9) 3) text: “13 14 16 Lou No, no--come on, pay attention. That was the preacher, This is the cowboy. Jacob thinks for a moment, then grins slyly.
10) 4) dialog: Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck. JA. (CONTINUED)
10) 8) dialog: 
10) 12) dialog: She treed it.
10) 15) dialog: So?"
10) 19) dialog: He busted my headlight.
11) 0) text: A small stream. WE SEE the dog and fox's tracks running u far bank. Lou has already crossed; Jacob is Sloshing thro Bank, in dress shoes, searches for a dry passage. Lou and LAUGH as they watch him teeter his way across on some sto
12) 2) dialog: Wish we'd brought something to drink.
12) 4) text: 19 28 10. CONTINUED: is LOU (cont'd) (trying to get a rise) Or maybe you don't wanna share? ‘Fraid you'll catch something from us. He winks at Jacob, who smirks. When Hank still refuses to react, Lou hands the beer can to Jacob, scoops up a snowb He feints a throw at Hank, and Hank ducks. Lou and Jacob Lou See, now that's what you might call in-sin- uea-ting a throw. Remember? You said that last time I saw you. Could've just said "hint," but nooo, you had to put on airs, show us all the fancy words you know. Lou tosses the snowball into the orchard. BANK’S POV - THE ORCHARD The snowball arcs into the orchard, smacks into a mound o upon which a dozen crows are perched. CAWING, the crows r up, and a sheet of snow slides off the mound, partially REVEALING a SINGLE ENGINE PLANE. Both its wings are missi It's balanced, nose-down, over the trunk of a fallen tree
14) 0) text: The plane’s rear is lost in shadow, but it looks empty. T the front is a large duffel bag. Beyond it are two seats. the gray light filtering in through the ice-covered winds it's impossible to tell if they're occupied. Rev. 2/12/98 Goldenrod il. 2i EXT. ORCHARD - DAY 21 Hank pulls his head from the doorway. Jacob has his rifle cradled in his arms; Lou is drinking from his can of beer
15) 0) text: Hank is trying to worm his way in, when WE HEAR Jacob sta Scrape at the windshield. Sank squints toward the cockpit 2aae HANK’S POV — PLANE'S COCKPIT 224% Jacob continues to scrape at the windshield, but to no ef Through the gray opacity of the ice, WE SEE the shadow of arm moving back and forth. It disappears, then comes THUM down against the glass. The ice shatters, falls away. Lig floods in, REVEALING a man's body, slumped in the lefthan The pilot's head, resting against the dashboard, seems to shaking back and forth.
16) 0) text: Jacob shuffles back toward Lou from the front of the plan
16) 1) dialog: What'd he say? Lou shrugs: he neither knows nor cares. He finishes his b tosses the can off into the trees, then steps behind Hank Watch this. He begins to tickle Hank. Hank kicks out, but misses and his footing. ‘The doorway’s grip holds him up. Lou LAUGHS
17) 0) text: Hank strains to get free. Lou and Jacob’s LAUGHTER filter
17) 1) dialog: Let me try. Hank freezes as WE HEAR a loud flapping sound from the co 244* HANK'S POV -. TRE COCKPIT 24a% The pilot's head is tossed aside as two crows burst from lap, THUDDING into the windshield. They beat against the then bounce off, one landing on the rear of the pilot’s s the other on the seat beside it. Their heads dart back an forth, eyeing Hank.
19) 0) text: Jacob fills the doorway, blocking the light.
19) 1) dialog: You see those birds? Hank doesn’t answer. His forehead is bleeding. He stands moves hurriedly toward the cockpit. JACOB (cont'd) Hank?
20) 1) dialog: I say we just stop by the police station. If we call it in on the CB, we'll never out of here. We'll have to wait forever—— Lou has managed to open the bag; WE SEE him look inside w expression of stunned amazement. He reaches in, touches whatever's there. Neither Hank nor Jacob notices his reac
20) 4) dialog: It's real?
20) 10) dialog: Why would we get caught?
20) 13) dialog: (nodding enthusiastically) Like lost treasure! obviously unconvinced. Lou turns to Jacob, disgusted. Lou Your fucking brother--it's the American dream, and he just wants to walk away from it.
20) 15) dialog: (jumping in, insistent) It's drug money, Hank. It's not stealing. Lou How about this? (lifting out a packet) (MORE) (CONTINUED)
20) 19) dialog: All of it?
20) 24) dialog: You don't trust us? Hank hesitates, weighing the merits of a truthful answer.
21) 0) text: Jacob’s truck is repositioned at side of the road. The th men Stand behind it. WE SEE the packets lined up on the tailgate, forty-four stacks of ten. The three men stare d them, mesmerized. Very faintly, WE HEAR a car approaching Lou : (breathless) Four million, four hundred thousand dollars.
21) 1) dialog: How much is that apiece?
21) 3) dialog: Shit.
21) 26) text: I was just cold. Wanted to get in the truck and warm up a bit. (glancing at Hank, grinning) You tell him about the plane? Hank stares at his brother, speechless with surprise and INT. JACOB'S TRUCK - NIGHT - MOVING 3a Hank sits between Jacob and Lou, his legs hugging the duf bag. He keeps glancing out the torn rear window, making s they aren't being pursued.
21) 31) dialog: That’s the beauty of it. There's no way we'd have mentioned it if we were the ones who took the money. Lou It's not like we told him you actually saw . a plane going down. Just that you thought you heard one with engine trouble. 1 don't really think-- (furious) You want me to burn the money? The other two men are mute, intimidated by his Tage. . HANK (cont'd) I'm not going to jail for this, Lou. If it looks like there’s even the slightest chance of us getting caught, I swear to God, it's all gonna vanish. You understand? Again, silence. The torn Plastic makes a flapping sound b their heads. Finally, Lou throws Jacob a little smirk. Lou (whispering) It's a piiiiiiineapple, He and Jacob begin to GIGGLE. Hank glances from one to th other, still angry, and--with no small effort--they Manag stop laughing. Out the window WE SEE a rundown farmhouse. Jacob slows th truck, pulls into the driveway. 31 21a. HANK'S POV - LOU’S HOUSE - NIGHT As the truck rolis toa stop, NANCY, fortyish woman, leans her head out t! Lou’s wife, a large, he door, peering toward us. (CONTINUED)
21) 46) dialog: As Jacob backs down the drive, Hank turns to watch the ho
23) 47) text: 4 “35 SARAH (cont'd) {a pause) You can't tell Jacob, though. It takes Hank a moment to follow this. He stares up at he
25) 0) text: Hank's car, a green station wagon, pulls over near where crashed the day before. Hank and Jacob push open their do Jacob's dog bounding out behind them. Hank moves to the c (CONTINUED)
25) 4) dialog: You tell Sarah?
25) 6) text: Jacob glances away, SIGHS.
25) 7) dialog: How the hell should I know, Hank? Hank leans back into the car. When he emerges, he's holdi jack. He crouches beside the car's left rear wheel, start fiddle with the jack, but then stops, turning to Jacob.
25) 16) dialog: Nobody's gonna believe that. It's obvious it’s not flat. Hank reaches for the tire's valve. The air HISSES out.
26) 3) text: EXT. EDGE OF ROAD —- DAY 40 Jacob is crouched beside the car. He's changed the tire a lowered the jack, and is just tightening the bolts on the WE HEAR an engine, gradually growing louder. The dog WHIM peering toward the field. Jacob turns to look.
28) 0) text: Jacob rises to his feet, still gripping the jack's handle snowmobile is almost to the road. Pederson waves at Jacob Jacob waves back, glancing anxiously into the woods.
31) 0) text: Hank suddenly slows to a walk, looking ahead. HANK’S POV - EDGE OF ROAD 46 About thirty yards ahead, WE SEE Jacob Standing behind th talking with Pederson, who's still perched on his snowmob BACK TO SCENE 45h Hank straightens his jacket, continues walking toward the HANK’S POV ~ EDGE OF ROAD 46A Jacob is shaking his head, talking very fast. Pederson ke pointing at the snow. He looks up suddenly, squints towar then raises his’ hand halfway up his body in greeting.
31) 8) dialog: He was... he was tracking the fox. He would've gone right by the plane.
31) 10) dialog: I couldn't... I tried to stop him. Hank yanks off his glove, holds his hand over Pederson's Jacob's trying to stop crying. JACOB (cont'd) But he wouldn't listen-- (CONTINUED)
31) 15) dialog: What?
31) 17) dialog: He can’t be. All I did was-—- (a beat; with sudden panic) Check again. Hank ignores him. He steps out into the road, glancing in directions. Jacob crouches beside Pederson, jostles him. turns to Hank, his words emerging quick and scared. JACOB (cont’d) You gotta do CPR. Don't you know CPR? Hank doesn't respond. He's peering off toward Pederson's Jacob starts to push at Pederson’s chest. It's clear he h idea what he's doing: he slams his hands down with far to force, totally out of control. Hank turns to watch.
31) 19) dialog: We gotta save him. They'll-- Hank crouches before Jacob, grabbing at him, intense.
31) 23) dialog: Cars?
31) 25) dialog: Why? Hank stares down at Pederson, thinking hard. He glances u down the road one last time, then takes a deep breath, ga himself, and starts to lift Pederson back onto the snowmo
31) 27) dialog: They’1ll follow the tracks, Hank. They’11 come here and they'll see our tracks and they‘1l follow them to the plane
31) 29) dialog: The bridge?
32) 0) text: Jacob drives up in Hank's car. As Hank throws the jack in car's rear, Jacob jumps out and rushes toward the bridge' railing, leaving the engine on. Hank stares at him, shock
32) 2) dialog: I'm not gonna do it.
32) 4) dialog: It's just gonna make it worse if we try to cover it up—- Hank points toward the station wagon. Get in the car! Jacob starts down the bridge, his eyes on Pederson's body
32) 5) dialog: I'm pulling him out. We'll tell them the truth. The money, everything. That I didn’t mean to do it-- Hank rushes after him. Just as Jacob's about to step into snow at the end of the bridge, Hank yanks him back.
32) 11) dialog: This is my decision! Mine! He lifts Hank off the hood, SLAMS him back down, banging head. Then he turns, starts back toward the edge of bridg JACOB (cont'd) I'm the one who killed him. I'm the one they‘re gonna--
32) 13) dialog: What do you mean? Hank slides down off the hood, starts toward the driver's door. He obviously doesn't want to say anything more.
35) 0) text: Tracks run up and down either bank-~Hank, Jacob, and Lou' fox's and the dog's...
42) 0) text: The room is a shambles. Lou and Jacob sit on the couch, dividing the money. A shotgun rests across Lou’s knees. H bloodied body is slouched in an armchair across the room. Suddenly, from the front of the house, WE HEAR a door ope and Jacob freeze, listening. The door slams shut, and Lou his shotgun from his lap. We PUSH IN CLOSE on Hank as his eyelids flutter open.
45) 0) text: Several of the house's windows are Shattered; the front d boarded up. The barn's roof is caving in. Jacob is trying peer in through one of the windows. He turns, smiling, wh hears Hank CRUNCHING toward him through the snow. Hank st front of the porch, raises his hands, questioning.
45) 6) dialog: You want me to just drive off all alone? Hank doesn't know how to answer this. He rubs tiredly at face, steps up onto the porch beside his brother, turns t eff across the fields.
45) 8) dialog: We could tell people Sarah inherited some. Nobody around here knows anything about her family. We'll say you guys bought the farm before you left, and set me up to run it. {cutting off Hank's protest) I thought you'd be happy. It’s our farm; I’m gonna bring it back.
45) 10) dialog: (sharp, stepping back) How do you think he ended up like that?
45) 12) dialog: (his voice rising) Where'd the money go? You think he just spent it on the farm?
45) 16) dialog: Why do you think he took the second mortgage? Four years of college. Didn't you ever wonder how he paid for that? Hank seems truly shocked. He struggles for some response.
45) 18) dialog: i was supposed to get the farm. Hank lifts his hands toward his brother, pleading.
45) 20) dialog: This is where I want. Right here. (he STOMPS his foot) Home. Hank stares off at the empty fields, his shoulders hunche Then, without looking, he reaches out, touches Jacob's ar first sympathetic gesture we've seen him make toward Jaco
50) 0) text: Jacob, carrying a present wrapped in pink tissue paper, m down the hall, scanning doorways for room numbers, brushi his hair while he walks. He finally finds the room he wan strides toward it, only to pause on the threshold. 73 INT. SARAH’S HOSPITAL ROOM - DAY ch A curtain divides the room. A TV PLAYS behind it. Sarah-- longer pregnant--is dozing in the bed. Hank notices Jacob the doorway. He holds up a hand for him to wait. Then, mo quietly, so that he doesn't wake Sarah, he slips from the
51) 0) text: Hank and Jacob are standing a few doors down from Sarah's speaking in HUSHED voices. There's no one else in the hal but the doors to all the rooms stand open, and we can HEA people talking in them, along with the crying of a baby. (CONTINUED)
51) 4) dialog: In Hinkley. At the casino. He’s lost some money.
51) 9) dialog: What're you talk--?
51) 11) dialog: Why do you both keep talking about sides? That's not-—
51) 15) dialog: I’m on both your sides. we're all in this together.
51) 17) dialog: (retreating) I'm not going--
51) 19) dialog: I‘d pick you. You’re my brother. rh) INT. SARAH’S HOSPITAL ROOM - DAY 7s The curtain is still pulled. Behind it, the TV continues play. Hank sits beside Sarah's bed. Sarah is unwrapping Jacob's gift, a rumpled~looking teddy bear with a brass k its back. She holds it up, inspecting it.
51) 43) dialog: But why would you ask me and Lou to go drinking?
51) 47) dialog: I can't trick him like that. He'd never forgive me. Hank jumps UP, Paces to the window, equally agitated, 58A.
51) 53) dialog: Lou's not gonna--
51) 55) dialog: You're gonna tell me that?
51) 57) dialog: You know nothing about him, Hank. You've seen him drunk a few times, so you think-- Hank cuts him off, impatient.
52) 0) text: Sarah sits at the table--which is set for two--nursing th WE HEAR the front door open, the MURMUR of Hank and Jacob (CONTINUED )
52) 11) text: 80 conrInurp; 61. bear, be the 80 Rank and Jacob are telling Sarah a sto: each i t. one to get it out, talking one over they Other, Tying to And just when our dad's Putting the final touches on it--he's way up on a ladder tightening some bolts.
52) 13) dialog: Smack! They hit him right in the face, knock him off the ladder.
52) 16) dialog: She saw it happen from the house, and was sure he'd broken his neck, so she called the volunteer fire department. LAUGH.
52) 17) dialog: He never forgave her for that.
52) 23) dialog: Y think dad would've understood what we're doing. (a pause) Don't you?
52) 25) dialog: I mean, that's why they killed themselves. If they'd had what we have now, they'd still be around.
52) 27) dialog: You saw where it happened, right? (Hank nods) Notice any skid marks? Hank's silence is answer enough. Jacob shakes his head sa JACOB (cont'd) Dad thought their life insurance would be enough to pay off all their debts. A short pause; the mood in the room has plummeted. Jacob up the stuffed bear, winds its key. “JACOB (cont’d) I guess it's what I would’ve eventually done, too. If I hadn't gotten the farm back. Hank absorbs this in silence. The bear SINGS in Jacob’s l
53) 0) text: INT. SMALL TOWN BAR —- NIGHT 81 A long room with a bar running down one side, a line of b down the other. ‘The place is loud, smoke-filled. Hank, J and Lou are drinking in a booth. Jacob sits beside his br looking tense, distracted. Lou is leaning forward, a bit addressing Hank with surprising earnestness. (CONTINUED)
53) 2) text: He extends his hand across the table. r+ takes Hank a mom understand what's expected of him. Then, while Jacob watc with Something close to disgust, Hank Smiles, shakes Lou'
53) 9) dialog: Maybe it's time we hit the road, Lou. Whaddya think? Hank is standing behind Jacob, holding Lou’s jacket. Lou himself to be led away, but not without a parting shot.
54) 0) text: Lou and Jacob are taking turns sipping from a bottle of w Lou We gotta be real quiet. Nancy's asleep. INT. LOU’S FAMILY ROOM - NIGHT 83 The living room is a step down from the entranceway. Ther green shag carpet, an old-looking TV. Hank and Jacob are sitting on the couch; Lou is in an armchair across from t Everyone's drinking whiskey; Lou and Jacob are both quite Lou (loud) --so this guy steps forward, right? And he says, ‘He was doin’ fine till we twisted his head back around for him. Then he fuckin’ died on us.' Jacob scowls as Hank bursts into LAUGHTER, playing to Lou
54) 5) dialog: I'm not gonna do it... Hank gives him a stern look. We made'a deal.
54) 6) dialog: (still looking away, hard) It's not right. WE HEAR Nancy start back upstairs. Lou returns across the Hank touches Jacob's arm, attempting to silence h im, but Jacob (CONTINUED)
54) 10) dialog: What the fuck is wrong with you? Hank glances up, shocked. Lou grins as Jacob turns to hin gesturing at Hank, his voice angry. JACOB (cont'd) See how he drinks from that glass? Like a goddamn bird. He mimics Hank sipping, exaggerating his hesitancy. Hank attempts a joke.
54) 12) dialog: Ever seen me drink like that? (he downs his glass, slams it to the table) My dad?
54) 14) dialog: So where'd he learn it? Hank sets his glass down. He leans forward, trying to mee brother's eyes, questionin , but Jacob continues to ignor . JACOB (cont'd) I mean, tell me one thing we got in common besides our last name. (Lou can't think of anything) You're more like a brother to me than hin. Lou GIGGLES, glances back at the stairs. Then, his voice (CONTINUED)
54) 19) dialog: We never should've let him keep the money. Look at him. He thinks he owns us. Lou's smile fades. Hank rises, picks up his jacket, appal
54) 21) dialog: Isn't this what you want? Me to pick a side?
54) 23) dialog: (sneering, to Lou) Know what's gonna happen? He's gonna end up confessing. Crawling into Carl's office and spilling his guts. Hank starts pulling on his overcoat. Lou Fuck yes. He'll rat on us to get off the hook. (CONTINUED)
54) 26) dialog: Let's do him confessing. You be him, and I'll be carl, Hank turns, staring. Jacob avoids his gaze. SNICKERING, L gulps some whiskey, stands up and mimes knocking on a doo Hank moves back toward the couch. : Lou (mimicking Hank's voice) Carl? Hank pulls off his coat, sits back down.
54) 27) dialog: Yes? Who is it? Lou It’s Hank Mitchell. 1 got something to tell you.
54) 28) dialog: Come on in, Hank. Have a seat. Lou pretends to open a door. He walks in place, grinning, sits down. Hank fumbles at his shirt, pretending to scrat his chest. With a SOFT CLICK, the tape recorder turns on. Lou It’s about Dwight Pederson.
54) 29) dialog: Yes? Lou Well, he didn’t die in an accident.
54) 30) dialog: What do you mean? Lou feigns glan¢ing nervously around the room. Then: I killed him.
54) 31) dialog: You killed Dwight Pederson? (CONTINUED)
54) 32) text: 83 59. CONTINUED: (5) a3 Lou I smothered him with his scarf, then I pushed him off the bridge into Anders’ Creek. I made it look like an accident. That's enough for Hank; he gestures at Jacob to stop. Okay. That's-- Jacob ignores him.
54) 33) dialog: Why would you do something like that? Lou ‘Cause four million dollars is worth a hell of a lot more to me than some old man's life-- Hank reaches up, turns off the tape recorder in his pocke
54) 39) dialog: The tape doesn’t hurt you. It’s just to keep you from hurting him. Lou What?
54) 40) dialog: He’s not gonna use it unless you tell on him. That seems fair, don’t it? Lou You're in this together? Jacob finally looks up:
54) 41) dialog: He promised to help me buy back the farm. Lou clenches his fists, his body taut with anger. He glar Jacob until Jacob looks away, then spins and strides towa front of the house, disappearing down the hallway to the
54) 45) dialog: Move... Jacob runs outside. Hank remains, looking at Lou in disbe
54) 50) dialog: Leave him alone, Lou! Lou freezes, startled. He and Hank both turn to look.
54) 54) dialog: Just leave him alone-- Lou You stabbed me in the back. In my own house.
54) 55) dialog: Please, Lou. Lou You know I need the money. I need it tomorrow. They're gonna take my truck.
54) 56) dialog: Just put the gun down. Lou Why should he get to keep it? He's got a job. We're the ones who need it. He just wants it-~
54) 78) dialog: (terrified) Bank..? --and jumps, spinning to aim the gun at Jacob, who's stil standing in the front doorway. Jacob cowers. Hank holds t gun on him for a moment, trying to find his bearings. The pumps the shotgun, swings it a few inches to the right, F into the wall. He SHOOTS the ceiling, the armchair, the c table, Jacob flinching at every’ shot.
56) 10) dialog: Hiding. They look at each other for a moment in silence. Hank shi the parka from his right arm to his left.
56) 12) text: —™ 91 77. CONTINUED: 9h Jacob thinks for a moment, then shakes his head. His mout starts to tremble, and he turns away. HANK (cont’d) We can make this work, Jacob. We can-- He starts down the steps, and Jacob jumps up, turning to him, scared. He shakes his head again, slowly at first bu more and more quickly.
56) 13) dialog: No... Hank crouches, bringing his eyes almost level with his brother's. He makes a quieting gesture with his hands.
56) 15) dialog: Not Hank stands up, raises his voice, almost shouts:
56) 21) dialog: They were... they were fighting... (he starts to CRY again) »..and Lou... Lou started shooting the walls... He begins to shake his head again, CRYING too hard to spe The SIRENS are closing.
57) 0) text: Hank sits on one side of a table, facing the Fulton Count SHERIFF, a DETECTIVE, and Carl. WE SEE a tape recorder sp on the table, several half-empty cups of coffee. The dete is taking notes. Hank hesitates, surprised by the questio When he nods, the detective stops scribbling. CARL (cont'd) Because the way Jacob tells it... {he leans forward, scans the ~  detective's notes) He went to get his rifle on his own. He says Lou chased you out of the house after he shot Nancy. (CONTINUED)
60) 0) text: In SLIGHT SLOW MOTION, Lou bumps into the bearded man on stool, and they begin to argue. DOUG (OS cont'd) --nearly took-a guy's head off— Lou lunges at the bearded man, swinging wildly, shouting They tumble to the floor. Jacob steps in and pulls Lou of
61) 0) text: Hank and Sarah stand arm-in-arm as Lou's casket is lowere the ground. They keep glancing at Jacob, who's weeping uncontrollably. WE SEE Nancy's fresh grave, a rectangle o brown dirt in the snow. The priest sprinkles holy water. and Jacob both cross themselves.
61) 5) text: Off to the side the old farmer from the bar and Mrs. Tril husband, Clifford, stand watching, whispering quietly tog as the service is completed. FARMER (cont'd) --Jacob had to manhandle him out of there. Clifford shakes his head, sadly, watching Jacob toss a sh of icy dirt onto his friend's casket.
64) 0) text: A Saturday night crowd: LOUD VOICES, LAUGHTER. The street opens and Jacob enters. He hesitates at the entrance, loo lost. People turn to stare, and the bar slowly falls sile
66) 0) text: Jacob sits on the bed, a blanket over his shoulders, shiv his nose running. Hank is untying his boots, yanking at t shoestrings, angry. Sarah watches from the doorway.
66) 2) dialog: I didn't... I didn't mean to. I was just driving and I... I... He starts, very softly, to CRY. He tilts slowly to the si pulling his feet away from Hank, and curls into a fetal p on the bed, WEEPING quietly. Hank glances toward Sarah, w her away. She hesitates a moment, watching Jacob, then le
66) 5) dialog: {his voice quavering) I do. I feel evil. He begins to WEEP in earnest. Hank doesn't know what to d Finally, he reaches out, hesitantly, and pats Jacob's arm
67) 0) text: There's a "For Sale" sign in the yard; the place looks ev dilapidated than before. Jacob's truck sits in the center the road. Hank's car approaches, stopping behind it.
68) 0) text: Hank puts the car in park, waits for Jacob to climb out, Jacob doesn't move. He stares off at the house, then out truck, thinking. When he finally speaks, his voice is qui
68) 1) dialog: Maybe I can get a family of my own now. (a pause; he turns to Hank) I mean, with the money and all. He appears to expect a response from Hank, but Hank just him, mute, Jacob continues, his voice suddenly irresolute JACOB (cont ‘’d) Don't you think somebody'll marry me if I'm rich? Bank starts to smile, but then realizes how serious Jacob
68) 6) dialog: Her friends all chipped in and bet her a hundred bucks she wouldn't go steady with me for a month.
68) 8) dialog: It wasn't that bad. I mean, we never kissed or touched or anything like that, but we walked around a lot together, and talked, and when the month was up she still stopped to say hello when we passed in the hall, which she didn't have to do. (a pause) I‘m thirty-three, Hank, and I've never even kissed a woman. If being rich'll change that, then fine. I don't care if it’s just for the money. They fall silent: an awkward moment which Jacob finally b by pushing open his door. He turns back before he climbs though, his voice like a child's, full of uncertainty. JACOB (cont'd) I'm gonna be happy now, aren't I? Hank only hesitates for a second. Then he manages a nod.
68) 10) dialog: I‘m gonna buy the farm, and marry someone nice, and have lots of kids, and you and Sarah and Amanda'll come visit, and we'll stay up late drinking on the porch just like Dad and Uncle Ted used to. (CONTINUED)
68) 13) dialog: Jacob shuffles to his truck. He starts to scrape his wind with his glove, then glances up to see why Hank hasn't le He stares for a moment, then gives a little wave. cu ~ EANK Tears glistening in his eyes. He raises his hand, holds i toward Jacob. Then he pulis away.
69) 10) dialog: (just above a whisper) --and then when we heard it crash-~ .
69) 12) dialog: But-- Hank jumps up, throws some bilis onto the table.
70) 0) text: Hank and Jacob exit the bar, Jacob blinking at the sunlig Down the street, an old man is unloading firewood from th of a pickup. Hank and Jacob start down the sidewalk.
70) 5) dialog: (snapping back) Why'd you have to kill Pederson? If you'd-- Hank shoves his brother, knocking him back a step.
70) 7) dialog: (shoving back) None of this'd be happening if-- Jacob slips as he pushes at Hank, falling to his knees. H leans down, speaks right into his face:
74) 0) text: Hank, Jacob and NEAL BAXTER sit before Carl's desk. Baxte large, crewcut man, dressed in a suit and trench coat. Ca behind his desk. His office is-neat and spare-~a filing cabinet, a nearly empty bookshelf, a gun cabinet on the w
74) 3) dialog: It was probably just a snowmobile. Another moment passes in silence, while Baxter continues examine them. Then he nods at Carl. He rises to his feet, sliding his notebook into his jacket. Carl stands up, too
74) 9) dialog: To the nature preserve?
85) 4) text: Jacob's truck is approaching us, fast. CARL (OS cont’d) Well, good for Jacob. This'll make things go quicker.
85) 7) dialog: (flustered) Sarah said you wanted... He trails off, unsure how to proceed. He glances from Han Carl to Baxter, everyone watching him, then shrugs, MUMBL JACOB (cont'd) Once I got up, I felt a little better. (CONTINUED)
90) 0) text: Jacob, panting, sweaty, stands listening. WE HEAR another sounding farther away here than with the other men, and J begins, slowly, to trudge through the snow toward the orc
95) 0) text: Jacob leans against a tree trunk, trying to catch his bre
98) 8) dialog: 
98) 13) dialog: You killed... Hank shakes his head, points at Baxter.
98) 15) dialog: We can't, Hank. (CONTINUED)
98) 19) dialog: I'm turning myself in. Hank is speechless with shock. He looks from Jacob, to th bodies, to the plane, searches for something to say. Then
98) 21) dialog: No... He turns quickly away, covering his eyes with his hand. H steps forward, panic surging through his voice. BANK . This is it. I promise. we get through the next few hours--
98) 22) dialog: (on the edge of tears) I can't... I can't... He takes a deep, ragged breath. Hank grabs his arm, frant
98) 26) dialog: Use his gun. Hank gives him a stupefied look. Jacob shuffles to Baxter body, picks up the dead man's pistol, holds it out to Han Hank hesitates, then takes it. Jacob nods his approval. JACOB (cont'd) I don't wanna go to jail, Hank. Hank seems relieved by these words.
98) 28) dialog: I can't pretend like you... (a pause) Do it in the head, okay? / Hank stands frozen: confused, frightened, the guns in his hands. Stop it.
98) 29) dialog: From behind, so I don't have to see.
98) 32) dialog: Here. He steps forward, reaching to take back the gun. Hank ret scared. Jacob shuffles to Carl's corpse, crouches, remove policeman's gun from its holster. Then he stands, faces H
98) 36) dialog: You have to... (he points toward Baxter's pistol) It won't make sense if I--~ His dog rubs against his legs, distracting him. He stares at her for a beat, then stoops to pet her. He hugs her ro kisses the top of her head.
98) 38) dialog: It's okay. Hank raises Baxter's pistol, points it at his brother.
98) 40) dialog: Do it, Hank. Hank shakes his head, his face anguished.
98) 42) dialog: You have to... Hank keeps shaking his head. Finally, Jacob shuts his eye face tightening in anticipation of the bullet's impact. W his finger begin to squeeze the trigger. HANK (cont'd) Nol (CONTINUED)