0) 0) text: The air is thick with dust. Grain is being milled, a loud steady GRINDING: WE SEE the machinery moving in the shift light. Shelves line one wall, sagging with burlap sacks. MITCHELL is tallying the bags on a Clipboard. He's thirty old, slim, light~haired, dressed in khakis and a sweater.
1) 0) text: A tall narrow building, roofed with corrugated tin. It's separated from the feedstore by a barren, snow-covered ya The snow is dirty, pockmarked with tracks. We still HEAR grinding, but it's more muffled now. The mill's door opens, and Hank emerges, clutching his Glipboard. He coughs, spits into the snow, then picks his quickly toward the feedstore, slapping at his sweater and as he goes, leaving a cloud of dust in the air behind hin
8) 0) text: Jacob's truck is pulling away from the parking lot, the d back. WE SEE the two men's names yellowing the snow. Lou' written in large, bold letters. Jacob's starts out equall but then gradually shrinks as his bladder empties: JAcob. EXT. JACOB’S TRUCK ~ DAY - MOVING/BRIDGE & CREEK *1IC The truck crosses a low bridge over a half-frozen creek. snow is piled thickly over the bridge's railings. In the truck's rear, the dog sits pressed against the back of th
8) 1) dialog: So the cop starts to search the car, right?
9) 0) text: Jacob drives with his gut pressed against the wheel. Like he has a beer can nestled between his thighs. Lou is on t outside, with Hank in the middle. Lou and Jacob talk back forth above Hank's head, as if he weren’t even there. Lou And when he looks under the seat, he shouts: “What the hell is this supposed to be?” And you know what the guy says?
9) 3) text: “13 14 16 Lou No, no--come on, pay attention. That was the preacher, This is the cowboy. Jacob thinks for a moment, then grins slyly.
10) 13) dialog: That‘s how it sounds. Jacob walks to the truck and reaches inside, rummaging be the front seat. He emerges with a hunting rifle in his ha
10) 20) dialog: We're not really hunting here, Hank. It's more like we're collecting a debt. Jacob and Lou set off into the woods, LAUGHING. It's clea they're a bit loaded. Hank hesitates, then hurries after
11) 0) text: A small stream. WE SEE the dog and fox's tracks running u far bank. Lou has already crossed; Jacob is Sloshing thro Bank, in dress shoes, searches for a dry passage. Lou and LAUGH as they watch him teeter his way across on some sto
12) 0) text: Lou and Hank stop to rest on the edge of a small valley. has fallen behind. He struggles toward them, his jacket o his face shiny with sweat. Lou points into the valley. Lou : Jesus. Look at all those birds.
12) 4) text: 19 28 10. CONTINUED: is LOU (cont'd) (trying to get a rise) Or maybe you don't wanna share? ‘Fraid you'll catch something from us. He winks at Jacob, who smirks. When Hank still refuses to react, Lou hands the beer can to Jacob, scoops up a snowb He feints a throw at Hank, and Hank ducks. Lou and Jacob Lou See, now that's what you might call in-sin- uea-ting a throw. Remember? You said that last time I saw you. Could've just said "hint," but nooo, you had to put on airs, show us all the fancy words you know. Lou tosses the snowball into the orchard. BANK’S POV - THE ORCHARD The snowball arcs into the orchard, smacks into a mound o upon which a dozen crows are perched. CAWING, the crows r up, and a sheet of snow slides off the mound, partially REVEALING a SINGLE ENGINE PLANE. Both its wings are missi It's balanced, nose-down, over the trunk of a fallen tree
14) 0) text: The plane’s rear is lost in shadow, but it looks empty. T the front is a large duffel bag. Beyond it are two seats. the gray light filtering in through the ice-covered winds it's impossible to tell if they're occupied. Rev. 2/12/98 Goldenrod il. 2i EXT. ORCHARD - DAY 21 Hank pulls his head from the doorway. Jacob has his rifle cradled in his arms; Lou is drinking from his can of beer
16) 0) text: Jacob shuffles back toward Lou from the front of the plan
17) 0) text: Hank strains to get free. Lou and Jacob’s LAUGHTER filter
18) 0) text: The birds emerge from the hole. Lou flinches at the sight them, stumbling backward, falling onto his rear end in th
20) 3) dialog: Jacob! (Jacob turns) Look... He tilts the bag. It’s filled with hundred dollar bills, packets held together with pai bands. The three men stand shocked silence, not even n cing when the dog reappears, wading down through the snow on the opposite slope. Final Lou starts to GIGGLE. He bends his head into the bag, kis the money, then looks up at the other two, ecstatic. LOU (cont ’d) Can you believe this? Hank steps forward to look more closely. Jacob glances fr to Lou, bewildered.
20) 5) dialog: Of course it's real. Don't be stupid. He plucks out a packet, tosses it to Jacob. Jacob catches staring in wonder. Lou jumps up, pumped with excitement.
20) 12) dialog: That's bullshit. That guy's gotta be a drug dealer or something. As far as the police're concerned this doesn't even exist. Nobody knows about it but us.
20) 22) dialog: Why should you get to hold it?
21) 0) text: Jacob’s truck is repositioned at side of the road. The th men Stand behind it. WE SEE the packets lined up on the tailgate, forty-four stacks of ten. The three men stare d them, mesmerized. Very faintly, WE HEAR a car approaching Lou : (breathless) Four million, four hundred thousand dollars.
21) 26) text: I was just cold. Wanted to get in the truck and warm up a bit. (glancing at Hank, grinning) You tell him about the plane? Hank stares at his brother, speechless with surprise and INT. JACOB'S TRUCK - NIGHT - MOVING 3a Hank sits between Jacob and Lou, his legs hugging the duf bag. He keeps glancing out the torn rear window, making s they aren't being pursued.
21) 39) dialog: Then the same goes for Sarah. Before Hank can respond, a snowball smacks Lou in the nec Nancy gives a gleeful SHOUT.
26) 3) text: EXT. EDGE OF ROAD —- DAY 40 Jacob is crouched beside the car. He's changed the tire a lowered the jack, and is just tightening the bolts on the WE HEAR an engine, gradually growing louder. The dog WHIM peering toward the field. Jacob turns to look.
35) 0) text: Tracks run up and down either bank-~Hank, Jacob, and Lou' fox's and the dog's...
39) 0) text: Sirens, the CHOP-CHOP-CHOP of hovering helicopters. Dozen policemen are scouring the orchard. Searchlights flash ac the trees. By the plane, WE SEE a policeman plucking a re thread from a torn piece of fuselage. Another cop bends t extract Lou's beer can from the snow. He holds it up abov head, blowing excitedly on a WHISTLE. 42a.
42) 0) text: The room is a shambles. Lou and Jacob sit on the couch, dividing the money. A shotgun rests across Lou’s knees. H bloodied body is slouched in an armchair across the room. Suddenly, from the front of the house, WE HEAR a door ope and Jacob freeze, listening. The door slams shut, and Lou his shotgun from his lap. We PUSH IN CLOSE on Hank as his eyelids flutter open.
49) 0) text: Hank tiptoes toward us down the stairs. Someone is JIGGLI front doorknob, trying to get in. Hank reaches the bottom stoops to peer through the window beside the door. HANK’S POV - THROUGH THE WINDOW TIA A car is parked on the street. Suddenly, LOU’S FACE block view. He presses against the glass, kissing it. 7i{conBACK TO SCENE 7il(con) Hank unbolts the door. He cracks it open and peeks outsid Lou stands on the porch, smiling drunkenly. (CONTINUED)
49) 1) text: 71 (COMPNTINUED: 71(con) Lou Hey, Mr. Accountant. (a conspiratorial whisper) I’m here to make a tiny withdrawal.
49) 3) dialog: (shivering) It’s freezing out, Hank. Invite me in. Lou presses up against the door, and--when Hank retreats- inside. He shuts the door behind him, grinning drunkenly.
49) 5) dialog: I want my share.
49) 7) dialog: Just because you have it doesn’t mean it’s yours. (he taps his chest) Part of it’s mine.
49) 9) dialog: Come on, Mr. Accountant. Be a sport. Just give me a packet. I can come back later for the rest. Hank rests his hand against Lou’s chest, very lightly. Lo stares down at it.
49) 12) text: 71(COBPNTINUED: (2) 71{con) Lou SNICKERS at this, brushes away Hank’s hand.
49) 13) dialog: Bluff. B-L-U-F-F,.
49) 15) dialog: Jacob told me a little secret, Mr. Accountant. {a pause; his grin deepens) I know what happened to Dwight Pederson. Hank stiffens, then tries to hide it.
49) 18) dialog: I need my share, Hank. I'm broke and I owe people money. Hank steps to the closet, fumbles inside, pulls out his w He removes two twenties, extends them toward Lou. Lou loo Hank as if he'd just shit in his hand and held it out to LOU (cont'd) Forty dollars? (CONTINUED)
49) 22) dialog: What the hell is it doing in St. Paul?
49) 24) dialog: We'll go after she's done? (Hank hesitates, then nods) And we'll split it up? Hank nods again. Lou debates for a beat, then moves towar door. At the last second, he turns, grabs the twenties. T he pulls open the door, throws one final grin at Hank. LOU (cont'd) Sorry to wake you. He steps outside. Hank shuts the door behind him, peering the window to watch him leave.
53) 0) text: INT. SMALL TOWN BAR —- NIGHT 81 A long room with a bar running down one side, a line of b down the other. ‘The place is loud, smoke-filled. Hank, J and Lou are drinking in a booth. Jacob sits beside his br looking tense, distracted. Lou is leaning forward, a bit addressing Hank with surprising earnestness. (CONTINUED)
53) 1) text: Maybe... Maybe sometimes I can come off as a bit of an asshole... you think? Hank starts to deny this, but Lou waves him into silence. Lou (cont'd) No, no, I know what I'm talkin' about. But fuck it, all in the Past, right? Whaddya
53) 2) text: He extends his hand across the table. r+ takes Hank a mom understand what's expected of him. Then, while Jacob watc with Something close to disgust, Hank Smiles, shakes Lou'
53) 10) dialog: {pointing at Jacob) He’s my buddy. {pointing at Hank) He‘s my buddy, too. (to the bearded man) You’re not my fucking buddy. EXT. LOU’S FRONT YARD - NIGHT 82 Jacob’s truck pulls into the driveway. Hank, Jacob and Lo inside; Jacob's dog is in the back. Lou's house is dark.
54) 0) text: Lou and Jacob are taking turns sipping from a bottle of w Lou We gotta be real quiet. Nancy's asleep. INT. LOU’S FAMILY ROOM - NIGHT 83 The living room is a step down from the entranceway. Ther green shag carpet, an old-looking TV. Hank and Jacob are sitting on the couch; Lou is in an armchair across from t Everyone's drinking whiskey; Lou and Jacob are both quite Lou (loud) --so this guy steps forward, right? And he says, ‘He was doin’ fine till we twisted his head back around for him. Then he fuckin’ died on us.' Jacob scowls as Hank bursts into LAUGHTER, playing to Lou
54) 9) dialog: Guess we oughta keep it down a bit, huh? Hank nods, sips from his glass. Jacob is still watching h with something like revulsion now,
54) 13) dialog: Tell the truth, Jake, I ain't never seen nobody drink like that.
54) 18) dialog: Do him getting bit by the crow! Jacob ignores him. His smile has faded.
54) 32) text: 83 59. CONTINUED: (5) a3 Lou I smothered him with his scarf, then I pushed him off the bridge into Anders’ Creek. I made it look like an accident. That's enough for Hank; he gestures at Jacob to stop. Okay. That's-- Jacob ignores him.
54) 47) dialog: Give me the tape.
54) 49) dialog: You're not leaving till you give--
54) 58) dialog: How could you do this? You think he's your friend? He doesn't give a fuck about you. (he glances at Hank) Do you?
57) 0) text: Hank sits on one side of a table, facing the Fulton Count SHERIFF, a DETECTIVE, and Carl. WE SEE a tape recorder sp on the table, several half-empty cups of coffee. The dete is taking notes. Hank hesitates, surprised by the questio When he nods, the detective stops scribbling. CARL (cont'd) Because the way Jacob tells it... {he leans forward, scans the ~  detective's notes) He went to get his rifle on his own. He says Lou chased you out of the house after he shot Nancy. (CONTINUED)
60) 0) text: In SLIGHT SLOW MOTION, Lou bumps into the bearded man on stool, and they begin to argue. DOUG (OS cont'd) --nearly took-a guy's head off— Lou lunges at the bearded man, swinging wildly, shouting They tumble to the floor. Jacob steps in and pulls Lou of
61) 0) text: Hank and Sarah stand arm-in-arm as Lou's casket is lowere the ground. They keep glancing at Jacob, who's weeping uncontrollably. WE SEE Nancy's fresh grave, a rectangle o brown dirt in the snow. The priest sprinkles holy water. and Jacob both cross themselves.
64) 0) text: A Saturday night crowd: LOUD VOICES, LAUGHTER. The street opens and Jacob enters. He hesitates at the entrance, loo lost. People turn to stare, and the bar slowly falls sile
87) 0) text: Hank moves through the orchard. As he's passing the plane HEAR a crunching sound beneath his boot. He stops, turns what he's stepped on. It's Lou's beer can, crushed now, a half-covered with snow. Hank grins, bending to pick it up Then he starts jauntily up the slope, not looking back.
101) 0) text: Amanda lies in a bassinet by the counter. Mrs. Trilling c the baby while Sarah stamps her books. She gives Mrs. Tri a fake smile. The sound of the FEED MILL is growing stead louder, carrying over into:
102) 0) text: Hank is crouched beside Sarah, prying the packets from he She’s sobbing. Behind them, the fire blazes. The GRINDING almost unbearably loud now.