21) 34) dialog: Lou? (she steps outside) Where the heli‘ve you been?
21) 37) dialog: You're two hours late! Lou ignores this, brushing at his sleeve. Lou She’s gotta know sometime. she’s gonna wonder where all my money's coming from.
21) 41) dialog: You promised to shovel the walk before you left, you lazy son-of-a-bitch. A snowball THUMPS into the truck. The dog begins to BARK.
21) 45) dialog: You're not coming in till the walk's clear.
54) 0) text: Lou and Jacob are taking turns sipping from a bottle of w Lou We gotta be real quiet. Nancy's asleep. INT. LOU’S FAMILY ROOM - NIGHT 83 The living room is a step down from the entranceway. Ther green shag carpet, an old-looking TV. Hank and Jacob are sitting on the couch; Lou is in an armchair across from t Everyone's drinking whiskey; Lou and Jacob are both quite Lou (loud) --so this guy steps forward, right? And he says, ‘He was doin’ fine till we twisted his head back around for him. Then he fuckin’ died on us.' Jacob scowls as Hank bursts into LAUGHTER, playing to Lou
54) 1) dialog: I got one. The three men instantly fall silent, startled, turning to (CONTINUED)
54) 2) text: 83 HANK'S Poy _ FRONT oF THE HOUSE Nancy is at the foot of the Stairs, Shirt. Her hair is tangled from Sleep
54) 57) dialog: Lou? (instantly, silence) What’s going on? She starts down the stairs. WE SEE her feet through the t the doorway. Lou is still pointing his gun at Hank, but h looking at Jacob. His face is bright red.
54) 63) dialog: Put the gun down, baby. Lou This is the real thing. With a quick, startling movement, he jerks the gun up so it's pointing just a few inches above Hank's head, and pu trigger. Another EXPLOSION. At the same instant, Jacob FI his gun. The bullet smacks Lou in the forehead. Lou falls the house. Nancy begins to SCREAM. INT. LOU’S FRONT ENTRANCEWAY 85 Hank steps inside. Lou lies on his back a few feet from t door, a small hole in his forehead. His shotgun rests bes hin. A large puddle of blood is spreading across the floo Nancy rushes down the stairs, WAILING. She crouches besid Lou's body, but doesn't touch it. Hank steps forward, as comfort her. When she sees him coming, she backs toward t family room, SOBBING hysterically.
54) 65) dialog: (shaking her head) We gotta call-- She spins, starts into the family room, but Hank grabs he
54) 67) dialog: You bastards. (CONTINUED)
54) 71) dialog: You think I'm going to let you keep the money? You fucking-- Hank retreats across the entranceway. Nancy pursues him. she passes Lou's corpse, she stumbles against the shotgun kicking it across the tiles. They all stare down at it. There's a pause, then Nancy stoops, picks up the gun, pum Hank lunges forward, grabbing for the barre]. They strugg ana Hank rips the gun from her hands. Nancy falls backwar tripping down the step into the living room, landing on h end. SHRIEKING, she lifts her ams to protect herself, thi Hank's about to shoot her.
55) 0) text: Nancy lies crumpled against the refrigerator, her chest a of blood, her head cocked at an odd angle. Hank examines from the doorway, a blank look on his face. Then he turns vanishes back into the family room. WE HOLD on Nancy, as blood slowly begins to pool on the surrounding tiles.
57) 0) text: Hank sits on one side of a table, facing the Fulton Count SHERIFF, a DETECTIVE, and Carl. WE SEE a tape recorder sp on the table, several half-empty cups of coffee. The dete is taking notes. Hank hesitates, surprised by the questio When he nods, the detective stops scribbling. CARL (cont'd) Because the way Jacob tells it... {he leans forward, scans the ~  detective's notes) He went to get his rifle on his own. He says Lou chased you out of the house after he shot Nancy. (CONTINUED)
58) 0) text: Linda sits in a booth, with a sandwich and a cup of coffe front of her. Across from her sits a COWORKER of Nancy's, older woman in curlers. LINDA (cont'd) --repossess his truck.
61) 0) text: Hank and Sarah stand arm-in-arm as Lou's casket is lowere the ground. They keep glancing at Jacob, who's weeping uncontrollably. WE SEE Nancy's fresh grave, a rectangle o brown dirt in the snow. The priest sprinkles holy water. and Jacob both cross themselves.