3) 7) dialog: --who, like her voice, is hauntingly pretty. She flinches the sight of Hank, startled, hiding behind the shower cur It clings to her body, betraying the huge dome of her bel she's extremely pregnant. After a moment, she smiles, and grabs a towel, steps forward with it, holding it out to h Neither of them says a word.
4) 0) text: Hank is knotting his tie in front of the mirror; he's cha into a dark suit. Sarah stands behind him, adjusting his collar, HUMMING the Christmas carol. She's wearing a bath her hair is still wet. She brushes at Hank's jacket. From downstairs, WE HEAR a sudden pounding. Sarah steps t window, peers out. (CONTINUED )
4) 2) dialog: Oh-oh. Looks like it's going to be a long afternoon for you. (grinning from the window) Be brought Lou along. Hank turns from the mirror in dismay, his shoulders saggi
22) 0) text: Light streams in from the kitchen, but otherwise the hall dark. WE HEAR pots clinking, Sarah singing. The front doo CREARS open, and Hank steps inside, dragging the duffel b behind him. He shuts the door, then hesitates, staring at bag. Sarah continues to SING, unaware of his return. Finally, Hank comes to a decision. He leaves the bag, sta down the hall, still in his overcoat. He stops after a fe steps, though, comes back, twists shut the door's lock. T moves quickly toward the kitchen.
23) 0) text: Sarah stands by the stove, stirring a pot, SINGING softly She's dressed in a bathrobe. She glances up, smiling, whe appears in the doorway.
23) 1) dialog: Hey! I didn’t hear you-~ {setting down her spoon, concerned) What happened to your head? She picks up a dish towel, runs it under the faucet, step toward him. Hank stares at her, struggling to think thing through. She takes him by the hand, leads him to a chair. SARAH (cont'd) It's all bloody. She starts to clean his wound. Hank watches her for a bea silent. ‘Then: (CONTINUED )
23) 7) dialog: Well, for starters, it'd be stealing. Hank shakes his head, standing up, growing animated: this Teservation he's sure he can appease.
23) 9) dialog: Four million dollars and no one's looking for it? (Hank nods emphatically) Then whose money is it?
23) 11) dialog: But whose was it before? The question seems to stump Hank. Re has to think for a m
23) 13) dialog: Then it's the bank's money. (CONTINUED)
23) 19) dialog: This is so silly, Hank. Hank gives her a long look of disappointment, which she d seem to notice. Then he turns and strides from the room. continues to stir, oblivious of his departure. SARAH (cont'd) {to the empty room) I mean, it doesn't matter where it's from. I wouldn't take it. {a pause) It's just wrong. That's all that-- Hank returns, dragging the duffel bag. He pours the money a massive pile across the table, packets sliding off and. dropping to the floor. Then he turns to Sarah, a huge gri his face. She's staring open-mouthed at the money.
23) 21) dialog: seated at the kitchen table, eating dinner--spaghetti, ga bread, green beans, milk. The money is piled messily on t floor beside them. They keep glancing at it while they ea
23) 23) dialog: We don’t have to worry about money now, Hank. You’ve got a good job. We don’t need this. Hank lets this go. He stares down at the money, chewing h food, thinking, searching for another approach.
23) 26) text: Hank is washing the dishes, while Sarah dries them and pu away. The money is still lying on the floor, but it’s bee organized into stacks now. A TV is playing on the counter HANK (cont'd) That’s what makes it a crime, isn’t it? People getting hurt? He turns off the water. Sarah begins to dry the last pot.
23) 27) dialog: (impatient) What makes it a crime is that it's against the law. It doesn't matter whether anybody gets hurt or not. You get caught and you go to jail.
23) 29) dialog: What about Jacob and Lou?
23) 35) dialog: And your tracks in the snow? They lead in from the road, right to the plane, then back out again.
23) 39) dialog: Sarah is crouched over Hank; his hands are on her breasts both seem to be deeply involved in what they're doing, bu suddenly, Sarah freezes,
23) 40) dialog: You have to go back and return some of it. A lot, like five hundred thousand. It takes Hank a moment to focus in on what she's saying.
23) 42) dialog: That way when they find the plane, they‘11 assume no one’s been there yet. It’ll put us beyond suspicion. No one would walk away from that much money.
23) 44) dialog: You'll have to go in the morning, so when it storms later, it’1l cover your tracks. (MORE) (CONTINUED)
23) 47) text: 4 “35 SARAH (cont'd) {a pause) You can't tell Jacob, though. It takes Hank a moment to follow this. He stares up at he
23) 49) dialog: It's just being careful. That's what we have to be from now on. We have to be thinking ahead all the time. She begins moving up and down again; Hank Tesponds accord though he seems distracted, his thoughts far away.
33) 0) text: Rank and Sarah stand before the TV. Sarah's flicking the remote: tense, frightened, focused. Hank's not looking at screen--he's watching Sarah, struggling to reassure her.
33) 2) dialog: (sharp, cutting him off) Your tracks lead right to the plane.
33) 4) dialog: Was there any. blood?
33) 6) dialog: Jacob hit him. Did he bleed anywhere? On the road, or the--
33) 8) dialog: (appalled) You didn't look?
34) 8) dialog: Of course it scares me. What if he tells someone?
34) 10) dialog: I know you only did it because you felt trapped. Because you couldn't think of another way. Hank considers this for a beat. It's obviously not the an he was hoping for.
34) 12) dialog: Oh, Sweetie. She leans forward to hug him. He hesitates, then hugs her But just as he's beginning to relax into her embrace--shu his eyes, burrowing into her neck~-she abruptly pulls awa staring at the Tv. SARAH'S POV -- ON THE TV - ‘THE NEWSROOM S4u The anchorman and woman are smiling at the camera. On the screen behind them we see CHUCK, the weatherman, standing outside a local mall.
37) 0) text: Hank and Sarah continue to hold each other's eyes for sev beats of anxious silence.
38) 0) text: The room is dark. Sarah is fast asleep. Hank climbs out o bed, moves to the window. He parts the curtain, peeks out
47) 0) text: Sarah is behind the counter, sorting books. Hank enters f the street.
47) 2) dialog: (whispering) A four point four million dollar ransom. (CONTINUED)
47) 7) dialog: Not yet, Mrs. Trilling. Stephen King recommends it, though. So it must be okay. Mrs. Trilling frowns at the book, unsure. Then she moves behind the shelves. Hank and Sarah hesitate a moment befo they resume their WHISPERED discussion.
47) 9) dialog: How’s that?
47) 13) dialog: It’s always been stealing. It's just that before we didn't know who we were stealing from. Mrs. Trilling COUGHS from behind the shelves. Hank and Sa freeze, glancing up. They wait a moment before: SARAH (cont’d) I think it’s good we know where it came from. I was beginning to worry that it might be counterfeit, or marked.
47) 15) dialog: It says they demanded unmarked money. Hank seems unsure. Sarah gives him an impatient look. SARAH (cont’d) You're being paranoid, Hank. It's over. You're just looking for stuff to worry about. She shoves the articles into her bag.
48) 0) text: Hank and Sarah are asleep. Very faintly, WE HEAR knocking downstairs. Hank lifts his head, listening. When the KNOC resumes, he slips out of bed, leaving Sarah sleeping behi
49) 29) dialog: Hank.
49) 31) dialog: (louder) Hank! Hank looks up at her, a dazed expression on his face.
49) 33) dialog: I think-- (a wave of pain) I'm having the baby.
50) 0) text: Jacob, carrying a present wrapped in pink tissue paper, m down the hall, scanning doorways for room numbers, brushi his hair while he walks. He finally finds the room he wan strides toward it, only to pause on the threshold. 73 INT. SARAH’S HOSPITAL ROOM - DAY ch A curtain divides the room. A TV PLAYS behind it. Sarah-- longer pregnant--is dozing in the bed. Hank notices Jacob the doorway. He holds up a hand for him to wait. Then, mo quietly, so that he doesn't wake Sarah, he slips from the
51) 0) text: Hank and Jacob are standing a few doors down from Sarah's speaking in HUSHED voices. There's no one else in the hal but the doors to all the rooms stand open, and we can HEA people talking in them, along with the crying of a baby. (CONTINUED)
51) 20) dialog: It’s used. She examines it with distaste, then winds its key. A man’ voice begins to SING “Frere Jacques”. Hank stares in surp
51) 25) dialog: I want you to buy one of those little tape recorders--the little dictating ones--the type you can hide in your pocket.
51) 27) dialog: You’re going to tape Lou confessing to Pederson’s murder. Hank looks up in surprise, stops stroking her.
51) 29) dialog: You and Jacob invite him out for drinks, you get him drunk, take him back to his house, and then start joking about confessing to the Police. You take turns pretending to do it-~you first, Jacob Second, Lou last--and when Lou does it, you tape him. Hank starts to LAUGH, but then realizes she isn’t joking.
51) 31) dialog: (in a baby voice) Yes! You're a hungry little girl, aren’t you? . She jiggles the baby for a moment, then glances back up a SARAH (cont'd) Jacob helps you. That’s the key. If Jacob eggs him on, then he'll do it. (CONTINUED)
51) 39) dialog: That doesn’t matter. All you have to do is get him to see that you and Jacob could Claim he killed Pederson just as easily as he could claim you did it. If you make him think that Jacob would side with you, he’11 never risk bringing in the police. Hank considers this, frowning. Sarah watches him, caressi infant, then reaches out and touches his arm. SARAH (cont’d} We should at least try, shouldn't we? We can’t lose anything by trying.
52) 0) text: Sarah sits at the table--which is set for two--nursing th WE HEAR the front door open, the MURMUR of Hank and Jacob (CONTINUED )
52) 3) dialog: (whisperin ) Did I hear Jacoby” Hank nods. He Pulls down @ plate, grabs 4 placemat, start Set out a third Place, P ad P rs * to
52) 4) text: I invited him for dinner. Sarah looks Surprised. She takes a moment to absorb the n watching Hank lay out the utensils, Then, still whisperin
52) 5) dialog: Is he gonna do it? Hank hesitates, anticipating her displeasure,
52) 7) dialog: What? 1 thought we already agreed
52) 9) dialog: If he stays, we'll end up getting caught. Sooner or later he'll screw up and-—
52) 11) text: 80 conrInurp; 61. bear, be the 80 Rank and Jacob are telling Sarah a sto: each i t. one to get it out, talking one over they Other, Tying to And just when our dad's Putting the final touches on it--he's way up on a ladder tightening some bolts.
52) 14) dialog: (her hand over her mouth) Was he hurt? Hank and Jacob both LauGH. Hank pours Jacob more wine. The all
52) 20) dialog: Her Majesty calls... (CONTINUED)
61) 0) text: Hank and Sarah stand arm-in-arm as Lou's casket is lowere the ground. They keep glancing at Jacob, who's weeping uncontrollably. WE SEE Nancy's fresh grave, a rectangle o brown dirt in the snow. The priest sprinkles holy water. and Jacob both cross themselves.
63) 0) text: Hank heads for the bedroom, loosening his tie. He pauses doorway. HANK'S POV - ‘THE BEDROOM The baby is on the bed. Sarah’s changing her diaper, but paused to play for a moment. She dips her head to Amanda' then pulls it back, COOING. Amanda smiles, kicks her feet Sarah glances up, turns toward us, her face blank. Finall after a long moment, she manages a smile.
65) 0) text: Sarah kneels beside the tub, bathing Amanda in a plastic Hank is in his pajamas, brushing his teeth. WE HEAR a fai pounding. Hank doesn't notice, but Sarah lifts her head.
65) 1) dialog: You hear that? Hank spits into the sink, turns off the faucet. WE HEAR t pounding more clearly. Hank steps to the window, peers ou
66) 0) text: Jacob sits on the bed, a blanket over his shoulders, shiv his nose running. Hank is untying his boots, yanking at t shoestrings, angry. Sarah watches from the doorway.
66) 11) dialog: (rolling to face him) You and I can help each other through this, Hank. He doesn't have anybody. From her crib across the room, Amanda begins to CRY.
66) 13) dialog: You should keep an eye on him, that's all. She starts for the crib, leaving Hank lying there on his
71) 0) text: Sarah paces across the room, trying to quiet the WAILING Hank is changing from his work clothes, but he's so nervo he keeps starting a new task--untying his shoe, unbuttoni shirt--before finishing the last. ” HANK Maybe we should leave. Just take the money, the baby--
71) 1) dialog: Stop it, Hank. She drops Amanda to the bed, checks her diaper, then refa it. She sits beside Hank, tries to force a breast on the Amanda twists away, SCREAMING. Hank stands up, begins to , SARA (cont'd) ~ You go in, see what he knows. If it looks bad, we can always burn the money. That's still our only real tie to--
71) 3) dialog: You've got to remember how people see you. You're just a normal guy. A nice, sweet, normal guy. No one would ever believe that you'd be capable of doing what you've done. Hank pulls himself free, walks to the window. Behind him, continues to jiggle the SHRIEKING infant. Hank shuts his rests his fingertips against the glass, pressing till the white. Then he spins back toward Sarah--
71) 5) dialog: Hank? Hank! WE HEAR him pound downstairs, wrench open the front door, it shut behind him. Sarah rises, carries Amanda to the wi 92.
75) 0) text: Hank has just come home. He's still wearing his overcoat, melting on his shoulders. Sarah is washing lettuce at the
75) 1) dialog: There's no way it's from an armored car robbery.
75) 3) dialog: But it doesn't make sense. The kidnapping made sense.
75) 5) dialog: It's hundred dollar bills, Hank. If it were an armored car, there'd be other denominations. There'd be fifties and twenties and tens. Hank twists the cap off his beer, flips it into the sink.
75) 10) dialog: Did he show you his badge?
76) 0) text: Hank ENTERS. Sarah is digging through her bureau's top dr As Hank sits on the bed and starts to remove his shoes, s turns, excited, the articles about the kidnapping in her
76) 3) dialog: Maybe he's lost weight. Maybe he cut his hair and shaved his beard. Hank continues to stare at the article. They're both grow impatient with each other; their responses are quick, sha
76) 5) dialog: You're telling me that if Jacob took off in a plane and disappeared with all the money, you wouldn't try to find him? - {a pause) Think what we've already done to keep it.
76) 10) dialog: If we think it's him, you shouldn't go.
76) 12) dialog: He'll shoot all three of you, Hank. As soon as he sees the plane. That's why he wants you to go, so he can eliminate the witnesses.
77) 0) text: Hank and Sarah sit at the table. Sarah is serving the chi which is noticeably burnt. She starts to eat, setting asi burnt part. Hank watches her, ignoring his own food. He's tense, overwrought.
77) 3) dialog: You can stall them for a bit. I'11 call from here, then call you at Carl's office.
77) 5) dialog: Then you won't go. You'li tell Carl that the baby's sick and you have to come home.
77) 10) dialog: Say he's hungover. Carl'll believe that. (sprinkling salt on her food) No matter who this guy is, we don't want Jacob there. Hank starts to protest, but Sarah jumps on him before he
77) 11) dialog: What do you want, Hank? You wanna just walk out there and get shot by this guy? I'm trying to come up with a plan--
77) 15) dialog: (furious) That's what you think you want?
78) 0) text: Hank is climbing the stairs. Sarah comes down the hall fr kitchen, YELLING at him. (CONTINUED)
78) 3) dialog: And me? You think I want to spend the rest of my life stamping due dates on books? Eight hours a day with a fake smile plastered on my face, then home to cook dinner for you, the same meals over and over, casseroles and macaroni and meatloaf, whatever the week's coupons allow, only splurging for a restaurant on birthdays or anniversaries, and even then watching what we order, skipping the appetizers, waiting till we get home for dessert? You think that's what I want? Hank reaches toward her, sounding scared suddenly.
78) 9) dialog: No. We haven't done Jacob yet. What about him? Back to the welfare office, the occasional odd job, but without Lou to fill the dead-time now, just himself and his dog ail alone in that dirty apartment. How leng do you give him, Hank? A year? How long till he takes out that rifle of his, sticks it in his mouth and--
78) 11) dialog: (with venomous disgust) Sounds wonderful, doesn't it? Everything just like it used to be. She grabs the bag, starts to drag it back upstairs, leavi all alone in the hall. WE HOLD on him, staring dully afte while outside, the storm continues to rage.
83) 0) text: Sarah is staring out the window. The baby is on her hip, SCREAMING. Sarah jiggles her absentmindedly, her face tense. 134
83) 4) text: 135 136 Sarah steps to the phone, snatches it up, dials, listens.
83) 5) dialog: Jacob?
100) 0) text: Hank drops the empty duffel bag to the floor, bends, pick handful of packets. Logs burn in the fireplace. Sarah sta before it, facing Hank. She's crying, shaking her head.
100) 1) dialog: No. She holds her hands out before her, blocking his way. Han stares at her, his eyes empty. SARAH (cont'd) ~ We can run with it... We can leave the country, go to South America, Australia, somewhere far away... (CONTINUED)
100) 10) dialog: Please, Hank. She touches his face, then leans in, hugging him, kissing He tries to pull away, but she holds on, intense, and for instant it seems as if he might submit. Then he jerks fre pushes past her to the fire. She grabs at him, and he tur shoving, knocking her back into the pile of money. She fa the floor. Hank crouches, opens the fire screen. He throws the packe onto the logs. Behind him, Sarah lies weeping on the carp She's on her stomach, scrambling at the pile of money, dr packets toward her, trying to hide them beneath her body. Hank stares into the fire. WE SEE the packets catching, t edges curling, their ink going black. Very faintly, WE be HEAR the grinding of the feed mill, which carries over in
101) 0) text: Amanda lies in a bassinet by the counter. Mrs. Trilling c the baby while Sarah stamps her books. She gives Mrs. Tri a fake smile. The sound of the FEED MILL is growing stead louder, carrying over into:
102) 0) text: Hank is crouched beside Sarah, prying the packets from he She’s sobbing. Behind them, the fire blazes. The GRINDING almost unbearably loud now.
104) 3) text: Sarah still lies On the carpet, curled into a ball, longer crying. Like Hank, she's Staring dully into We watch them for a long time before we but she's no the fire,