12) 5) dialog: COMMOTION! The CROWD has become unwieldly -- TRAFFIC is snarled all around.  HORNS are BLARING.   COPS try desperately to ward off the inevitable grid lock. Vanity runs against the light, moves to the head of the queue to the accompaniment of JEERS and CATCALLS. She doesn't budge an inch, KNOCKS rapidly on the glass door, catching the attention of CHICK, a burly, 6'5", 285 pound bouncer with a white beard and long flowing hair.  An ex-Marine, Chick's function is obvious.  He cracks the door-- CHICK
15) 1) dialog: FRANTIC!  The STREETS are thick with TRAFFIC.  She scans them wildly -- nothing.  Suddenly Prince, astride his motorcycle, BLAZES past her from the opposite direction.  She starts running, shouts-- VANITY
58) 20) dialog: Matt, Bobby and Mark are JAMMING onstage.  Prince emerges from behind the curtains.  He looks drawn.and haggard, his face unshaven.  The Guys spot him, and the MUSIC trickles to a stop. Tension fills the room in an instant. Mark glances at his watch, fixes Prince with a disgusted look. Prince climbs the steps to the stage, cuts across it-- PRINCE
66) 11) dialog: The CLUB is THROBBING.  Prince is onstage, stripped to the waist, SWEAT seeping from his pores in torrents. He's deep into the pit of "Computer Blue, " locked into a provocative, obscene graphic with Wendy. She's on her knees in front of him, his crotch moving directly in front of her lips.  She's made up fiercely, looks like Prince himself.  The total effect is unnerving -- Prince is going down on himself. Billy Sparks stands by the bar pretty upset.  Jill stands slack-jawed.  The KIDS have stopped dancing, drinking -- they staring at the display,.shaking their heads confused... The BEAT is SAVAGE.  Prince is in his own world, living his own private hell. Suddenly the MUSIC crescendos, then winds down like a roller coaster sweeping everyone along.  The BEAT changes radically.  He turns his back to the audience and plays ... ...and we suddenly recognize the MUSIC as his Father's -- the song he played on the piano the night before. But it's Prince's now, stamped with his own signature.  He's bent at the waist, his back to the audience, alone with his father's, and his, pain. The CROWD fidgets...Billy Sparks fastens his eyes on Prince angrily.
67) 8) dialog: Prince is on-stage, deep into the closing moments of "Computer Blue."  He paces back and forth frantically, still locked in his own private hell.  The Crowd's attention has wandered, however, and very few remain on the dance floor, finding it too much trouble to keep up with the changing shifts in the music. Even his band members are edgy, casting quick looks to each other, wishing to get on with more compelling audience- pleasing sounds.
68) 2) dialog: 
88) 1) dialog: And it couldn't be more of a contrast! The place is a riot of color and raucous carryings on.  "The Bird" is a smashing success with everyone on the dance floor trying gamely to get the steps right. Morris and Jerome are flushed with pride, surprising even themselves with their impromptu adjustments to the act. The MUSIC crescendos, then comes to a rousing blistering end! The stage is plunge into darkness.  the CROWD goes BERSERK.  Billy Sparks shakes his head happily-- BILLY
90) 3) dialog: Prince hits the stage and the APPLAUSE grows, but it' s nothing like the exuberance that greeted Morris.  He moves center-stage and plants himself there, his eyes staring into the audience.
92) 3) dialog: MOVING now, FAST and FURIOUS.  The HALLWAY is LINED with PEOPLE.  They reach for him as he passes, touching him, showering him with their love. Someone hands him his shirt, another his scarf -- it's so intense! He's moving quickly now, his jacket up ahead, closer...he stops suddenly, stunned... ...Vanity is holding his jacket.  He's struck speechless -- she hands it to him smiling, tears streaming down her face-- VANITY
93) 1) dialog: 
96) 2) dialog: Prince on-stage SINGING "I Would Die For You."  The AUDIENCE is captivated, locked into his grip again.  His eyes seem to be focused on something far away.  He closes them tightly, presses his lips against the mike. The MUSIC continues as we...
97) 2) dialog: Prince on-stage SINGING  "I Would Die For You."  He's lost to himself now, locked into a personal horror he alone can see.  The CROWD is pressed against the stage, mesmerized by his performance.  Billy Sparks is also drawn in, amazed at the power being generated from the stage.  Prince sweeps the audience with his eyes, then fastens on Vanity earnestly, SINGS directly to her. The MUSIC continues as we...
98) 2) dialog: CELEBRATION!  Everyone is JUMPING up and down.  Prince is radiant, strutting across the stage, his hands upraised. The CROWD goes WILD!  He flashes a wide grin to Vanity, then twists, eyeballs the CROWD wickedly, wonderfully.  It's too much! Everyone is joining in now.  Even Morris and Jerome, standing in the wings, start DANCING like crazy.  Then suddenly they catch themselves, stop, act dignified. But Vanity sees them and busts up.  They catch her look, laugh heartily and join in again. The MUSIC segues into a fierce BEAT. The CROWD lets out a ROAR!  Prince strips off his guitar, streaks center- stage.  The Band launches into "Baby, I'm A Star." ...And the CROWD laughing, dancing, shouting and loving.  The CLUB is ALIVE! And the MUSIC continues...forever...