2) 0) text: MORRIS DAY stands in the shower, steam whirling about his face.  He's 22 years old, matinee-idol sexy with large, dark, bedroom eyes.  He headlines a slick techno-funk group called THE TIME which sports gangster suits and wide-brimmed hats. He's gifted with a wealth of self- laudatory humor which he uses like a knife, moving through life with a calm, but ruthless grace. Make no mistake, Morris is nobody's fool.   His seeming out-raceousness, his charm -- every move he makes is for a calculated effect.  He knows exactly what the ladies need, and doesn't mind reminding them should they forget ... He breaks into a wide grin.  Hair standing up like Don King, he wipes off a hand mirror, regards himself unabashedly as he brushes his teeth. "Let's Get Crazy" continues as we...
5) 0) text: Morris moves lasciviously into the BEDROOM wearing a red muscle T-shirt, orange baggy shorts, and green knee-hi socks fastened to garters.  A yellow bandanna holds up his hair. The bedroom is a MESS.  A VACUUM CLEANER stands like a sentry in the middle of the floor.  He turns it on, blazes a path to his closet.  He yanks out a well- pressed suit, holds it against him, strikes a sexy, half-lidded pose only a mother could love--
5) 1) dialog: (awed)
8) 0) text: The DOOR opens -- Morris steps confidently into the night. The change in his appearance is breathtaking. A cashmere coat is draped over his shoulders, a white scarf hangs loosely about his neck.  Wearing a sharp, gangster-style suit, his hair is a pompadour, and Stacy Adams on his feet - - Morris is the very picture of elegance.   He doesn't just walk to the curb, he slides -- his promenade punctuated with a dip at the knees you could snap your fingers to. JEROME is at the curb, buffing down the bumper of a yellow, 1970 Fleetwood Cadillac.  Jerome is solidly built, smooth-faced handsome with a boyish charm all his own.  He's a member of The Time, and acts as Morris' chauffeur, valet, and all-purpose shadow. He moves quickly to the door, holds it open as Morris settles himself into the backseat. He closes it with a flair, hops behind the wheel, pulls out. 'Let's Get Crazy" continues as we...
14) 0) text: MORRIS and The Time rip into a funk tune called "Jungle Love." Their stranglehold on the audience is instantaneous. Morris struts across the stage like a panther, playing to the audience with a relish.  His eyes fastened on Prince -- his pride umistakable. PRINCE watches Morris a moment, then eyes Vanity again.  The heat between them is apparent.  Vanity's heart is pounding, she's not sure what to do. She keeps her eyes on Morris, hoping that a Solution will present itself. PRINCE watches as Jill tacks the card to a board behind the bar.  Sizing up the situation quickly, he again glances at Vanity -- but her eyes are fastened on Morris.  Feeling terribly shy and thinking there's nothing he can do to divert her attention away from him, he reluctantly heads for the front door. Vanity finally hits upon something to say, turns-- VANITY
14) 1) text: I really liked your song too... But he's gone.  Her eyes scan the room frantically -- catches a glimpse of him leaving.  She takes a sudden step, then stops, paralyzed with indecision.  Jill regards ger coldly. MORRIS meanwhile is beside himself. Some gorgeous, dark-haired babe, eyes wide as saucers was starlng at him from the bar.  Prince has left, and this girl is his.  He motions to Jerome,  and they direct their act in her direction. JILL gazes at Vanity, fidgets intensely, suspicious and resentful of her.   She glances up and notices Morris, look. She seizes upon an idea,  forces a friendly smile, taps Vanity on the shoulder-- JILL
14) 2) text: Hey ... She points to the stage.  Vanity looks at Morris, and he goes crazy, entertaining her with his own special blend of showmanship.  The CROWD loves it!  Vanity is held a moment, but her thouchts are elsewhere. She finally comes to a decision, pulls away, cuts through the club.
17) 0) text: MUSIC throbs throuch the crammed, rundown REHEARSAL HALL.  Hardwood floors, a wall of mirrors, and a bank of windows provides the setting.  SUNLIGHT streams through tattered yellow shades. The Time is set up on one side providing the music for "Sex Shooter" a saucy number with an irresistible beat. Morris, with Jerome by his side, stands in the middle of the floor, SHOUTS instructions to... ...BRENDA and SUSAN, gamely trying some intricate dance steps.  Brenda is 21 years old, blond, sexy, with an alluring new-wave look.  Susan is 16 years old, with dark, lustrous hair and a sexy baby- doll quality. Right now they're tired as hell, and a little angry-- MORRIS
17) 1) text: One, two, three, kick!  One, two, three, kick! Four, five...Oh, Lord.  Cut! Cut! The MUSIC stops, the girls come to a halt -- Morris regards them evenly-- MORRIS
17) 3) text: Why don't you let us come up with our own steps? Morris glares at her-- MORRIS
17) 4) text: We tried that... (sweetly) ... remember? The Girls  fidget-- MORRIS
17) 5) text: Now you're in the best possible position you can be in, so what' s the matter -- your shoes on too tight or something? (claps his hands) Let's have some action, let's have some asses wiggling, I want some perfection. Whawhak! The MUSIC starts up -- the Girls start dancing.  Morris looks woefully to Jerome--- MORRIS
18) 0) text: Morris and Jerome move briskIy down the sidewalk-- MORRIS
18) 2) text: You're right.  We could be doing much better.  Any ideas? MORRIS
18) 4) text: Oooh, yeee! -- Why don't we find out who she is? Morris snaps an address in front of his face-- MORRIS
18) 6) text: Then what are we waiting for? Let's go! MORRIS
18) 8) text: (yelling) Morris Day, who do you think you are?!  I waited up all night for you.  I'm so tired of you doing that  to me. You think you're so hot?  You're nothing special.  This is the third time you pulled that shit.  Who the fuck do you think I am?! MORRIS
18) 10) text: (screaming) Leave me alone you ape! -- What are you doing to me?! Morris!! He flings her into the dumpster, SLAMS the lid with a CRASH.  Morris pats his brow-- MORRIS
18) 11) text: Lo-rd..!  Such nastiness. (a beat) Hee, hee -- Let's break. They streak across the street, double- time it to the CADDY.  A COP sweeps by, gives them a curious look.  Morris puts on a dignified air, then stops, stupified-- MORRIS
18) 13) text: Hmm... I don't know... MORRIS
18) 15) text: I think I know what it needs. Morris is pondering his Stacy Adams-- MORRIS
19) 0) text: Morris sits in the chair, his Stacy Adams worked on by an old, grizzled SHOESHINE BOY in his mid-sixties, with large jowls and silver close-cropped hair.  Jerome stands nearby, watches intently-- MORRIS
19) 2) text: As fine as she is...she doesn't have to know how to sing. MORRIS
19) 3) text: (grace) I know that's right. (to Shoeshine) Hey -- watch it now. The Shoeshine Boy looks up balefully -- Morris smiles, then grits his teeth-- MORRIS
19) 5) text: What for? MORRIS
19) 7) text: Cool.  I come get you -- let you know the girl's there. MORRIS
19) 9) text: A password. MORRIS
19) 11) text: You got it. MORRIS
19) 13) text: The password. MORRIS
19) 15) text: Exactly. MORRIS
19) 17) text: No, it's-- MORRIS
19) 19) text: I see her. MORRIS
19) 21) text: I come get you. MORRIS
19) 23) text: Okay. MORRIS
19) 25) text: Far as I'm concerned. MORRIS
19) 27) text: What. MORRIS
19) 29) text: The password is what. MORRIS
19) 31) text: (more frustrated) It's the password! MORRIS
19) 33) text: (exasperated) Ahhhhh! The password is what! MORRIS
19) 35) text: The password isn't it!  The password is-- MORRIS
19) 37) text: Got it! MORRIS
19) 39) text: Right. MORRIS
26) 4) text: Morris stands by the door surrounded by several delicious BABES.  One of them, wearing a tight, red dress, looks especially enticing.  Morris leans in closer -- her tasty breasts strain against the spandex material-- MORRIS
26) 6) text: Why not? MORRIS
26) 8) text: What. MORRIS
26) 10) text: Right.  What. MORRIS
26) 12) text: You got it. Be snaps his head to the side -- Morris looks, sees Vanity sitting at a table. His eyes dance mischievously-- MORRIS
26) 14) text: (coyly) Tea time. MORRIS
28) 0) text: He comes to the stage-area.  His Band.Members are standing about anxiously, watching the final moments of The Modern Aires' performance.  He cuts behind the curtain, peers at the crowd... ...his eyes fall on Vanity -- his face brightens instantly.  Just then Jerome and Morris approach her.  Prince shakes his head knowingly, offers a wry smile, then joins his band.
29) 0) text: She sits demurely.  Morris' eyes are wide and shining -- her beauty up close astonishes him-- JEROME
29) 1) text: Vanity, I'd like you to meet Morris E. Day. MORRIS
29) 3) text: (clears throat) Vanity...this is Morris Day MORRIS
29) 5) text: If you'd excuse me. Morris signals him -- whispers into his ear-- MORRIS
29) 6) text: Too sexy ... (a beat) Have  a waitress bring.a bottle of their best champacne. He seats himself, fastens her with a sexy, half-lidded look-- MORRIS
29) 8) text: You think so, huh? MORRIS
29) 10) text: Who's paying for this Morris? MORRIS
29) 11) text: I think you know that. (a beat) Jerome! Jerome appears, opens the bottle with a flair, performs a classy taste test. Morris pulls out some cash, pays him, who snatches the money, leaves-- MORRIS
29) 12) text: Huh, keep the change-- He whispers to Jerome-- MORRIS
29) 13) text: Get my change, will ya? Jerome leaves, Morris purses his lips-- MORRIS
29) 15) text: Excuse me, what did you say? MORRIS
29) 16) text: Huh...you look nice tonight. He leans in, speaks with a sexy voice-- MORRIS
29) 18) text: Is that a  fact? He folds his legs dramatically, his Stacy Adams reflecting the light-- MORRIS
29) 20) text: Ladies and Gentlemen -- please welcome Prince! The CLUB erupts in CRIES!  Prince hits the stage, launches into "G-spot," a fast, high-spirited funk tune that gets the crowd hopping.  Vanity watches as Prince whips the crowd into a frenzy. Morris listens with a complacent grin on his face, his eyes searching out various members of The Time who are scattered through-out the club.  When he connects with one of them he makes a series of absurd faces which sends them into hysterics.  For Prince is playing music that The Time is noted for, and, as far as Morris is concerned, performs better. Not everyone in the club is dancing, or paying attention, and this does not escape his notice. Suddenly "G-Spot" comes to a rousing end.  The CROWD cheers wildly.  Prince moves quickly to the piano and launches into "Electric Intercourse," a love ballad which, as it progresses, becomes a personal statement for Vanity and Prince himself. She listens intently, her eyes fastened on him.  The words have a profound effect on her -- and the audience. Without being consciously aware of it, they're moving closer to the stage, searching for their personal fix. Prince surrenders himself to the music totally, releasing from himself all that is hurtful -- releasing the sincerity and truthfulness that escapes him in his daily life.  We are entering  realm where life and music are inextricably bound, and the impact on the performer and listener is profound. He's directing his music toward her, and she receives it gratefully, almost anxiously.  It fills a void in her, hewn by a life of meaningless promises.  He searches her face with his magnificent eyes, and ends the song with a heartrending cry which connects with the souls of all present.  Everyone is paying attention now. The stage is plunged into darkness.  The CROWD goes CRAZY!  Vanity applauds vigorously, wipes the tears from her eyes.  Morris, who was more affected by the performance than he'd care to admit, doesn't like what he sees and searches for a winning line-- MORRIS
29) 22) text: I know -- he likes women. But Morris can barely suppress a smile, and settles himself comfortably into his chair -- for he knows what Vanity has lost...at least this round-- MORRIS
38) 1) text: Damn, baby, hold it!  Hold it!! (wails) Oh, God -- God!  You broke my nose! She sees it's Morris -- she's beside herself  with fear and rage-- VANITY
38) 5) text: Your nose alright? MORRIS
38) 9) text: Beautiful. Morris MOANS dismally-- MORRIS
38) 12) text: God, I'm sorry. MORRIS
38) 13) text: Shit -- it's so rough out here. Just then a PATROL CAR cruises by.  The COP regards them suspiciously.  Morris and Jerome snap to attention-- MORRIS
40) 0) text: Jerome drives.  Morris and Vanity sit in the backseat. He gazes at her ardently-- MORRIS
40) 1) text: Jerome! Jerome snaps a look in the rear-view -- Morris gives him a deft nod. Jerome opens the glove compartment, searches through the cassette tapes. He finds the one he wants, snaps it into the player. RESTAURANT AMBIANCE fills the car... Note:  The restaurant ambiance will grow in volume, and will be followed by exaggerated dinner music, punctuated with strings and delicate cymbals.  The MUSIC plays throughout this scene -- and Morris times his words to the ebb and flow of the piece to insure the proper dramatic effect. ...dinner MUSIC begins-- JEROME
40) 2) text: Cocktails before dinner? MORRIS
40) 6) text: (to Morris) Will you be having a virgin as well? MORRIS
40) 7) text: Ye-es!  For dessert!! Whawhak! Jerome stifles a laugh, pours a rum miniature into Morris' glass.  He hands them back-- MORRIS
40) 8) text: Thank you.  Here you are, dear. They savor their drinks -- Morris' fervor grows by leaps and bounds-- MORRIS
40) 9) text: Jerome, uh, get your pad and pencil, I think it's gonna be kinda right.  If my judge of character is correct, it's going to be about loving tonight. (a beat) Stop me when I get to seventeen. Jerome places a pad by his side, pencil at the ready. He settles the Caddy to a cruising 55 -- Morris looks deeply into Vanity's eyes-- MORRIS
40) 10) text: Excuse me, baby...I bet you didn't know I had a piece of this restaurant, did you? (a beat) May I taste that? He takes Vanity's drink, slurps a little, burps-- MORRIS
40) 13) text: Good God! MORRIS
40) 15) text: (couching) Why...thank you. MORRIS
40) 16) text: Probably you'd look better under exotic...red...liqhts. (another though) I wish you could see my home. It's...it's so exciting. He leans close to her, speaks in a soft, sexy voice-- MORRIS
40) 18) text: Oooh! MORRIS
40) 19) text: I have an Italian cook, Gino Izogochograchi, or something like that. She giggles, looks at him deeply-- MORRIS
40) 20) text: It's funny...your eyes -- when you stare at me like that, it causes my stomach to qui- quiver.  Oh, Lord... An idea flashes across his mind-- MORRIS
40) 22) text: Uh, huh. MORRIS
40) 24) text: Yeah. MORRIS
40) 26) text: Ohhh! MORRIS
40) 27) text: My God, darling it fits. He studies her hands closely-- MORRIS
40) 28) text: You must have strong hands, but -- they're so soft...like oils in my bubble bath. (a beat) Damn ... He leans close to her-- MORRIS
40) 30) text: Yeah...? MORRIS
40) 31) text: I'm not usually so forward, but -- would you like to make love to me?  I can make it so nice ... She giggles freely, looks at him with big eyes-- MORRIS
40) 32) text: Do you know what is meant by the words, huh, I hate to use them, they're so harsh, so American...I mean, and yet on the other hand, they're exciting words.  The words... (pause) ...chili sauce.  Oh, Lord. (a beat) MORRIS
40) 34) text: (whispers) Morris..! MORRIS
40) 36) text: Seventeen. Morris fixes Vanity with his half- lidded, pouty-lip look-- MORRIS
40) 41) text: Over there -- that's where I live. Jerome SKIDS the car to a stop.  They're directly in front of a slick, hi-rise apartment building-- MORRIS
40) 43) text: Yes. MORRIS
40) 45) text: That one, right there, see? On the 14th floor. MORRIS
40) 47) text: Oh, it's great.  Real pretty. Big open rooms, balconies, fireplace -- the works. He smiles lovingly-- MORRIS
40) 50) text: Hey, wait!  C'mon! (a beat) Okay -- where are you taking me? MORRIS
40) 52) text: Oh yeah -- what? Jerome hands Morris a cassette -- Morris waves it in front of her nose-- MORRIS
40) 56) text: Motherfucker needs a haircut. MORRIS
40) 58) text: Guys better than you have promised me things before. MORRIS
40) 59) text: I know that's right, but-- Jerome hands him a card with an address on it.  Morris hands the card to her-- MORRIS (con't)
40) 60) text: -- not Morris Day. (he smiles) Jerome pulls up in front of her motel. Vanity reads the card-- MORRIS
41) 0) text: She gets out of the car, stands on the sidewalk.  Morris pushes the window button -- nothing happens-- MORRIS
41) 1) text: Jerome! Jerome leans over, taps the glass -- the window glides down-- MORRIS
41) 2) text: (to Vanity) One more thing ... Jerome snaps the glove compartment, hands Morris a neatly folded camisole. Morris presents it to her-- MORRIS
44) 1) text: Morris...? Another two KNOCKS, something like a confirmation.  She smiles, cuts to the door, flings it open -- but Prince is there. She's shocked, but recovers instantly-- VANITY
48) 16) text: You think you're a good musician?!  You're nothing! Morris is better.  I never wanted to make it with you anyway. The Hikers pass him startled-- PRINCE
53) 0) text: Morris and Jerome standing by the curb, their eyes fastened excitedly on her window, leaning against a flower truck. We catch a glimpse of a Man bringing her a dozen chrysanthemums-- MORRIS
54) 1) text: You're crazy! -- What are you doing? MORRIS
54) 3) text: I can't -- I've got things to do. MORRIS
54) 5) text: I'm sorry, but thanks for the flowers.  You're really crazy. She disappears from the window.  They stand expectantly a long time.  Finally Jerome looks at Morris-- JEROME
54) 6) text: Well...what do you think? Morris is staring intently at the window -- he purses his lips sensualy-- MORRIS
54) 7) text: Chili sauce. Just then Vanity steps outside, looks stunning in her tight, black pants and boots.  Her eyes dance vivaciously, a red sash is tied around her waste. Morris gives Jerome his sexy, half- lidded, pouty-lip look-- MORRIS
56) 0) text: The Time is JAMMING like MAD, deep in the heart of "Sex Shooter."  Brenda and Susan move furiously to the beat, trying their best to get it right.  They are watched by ... ...Morris, Vanity  and Jerome standing off to the side.  Morris has a contented look on his face, even though his girls are screwing up.  Vanity's eyes are wide with excitement MORRIS
58) 11) text: I'm going to join Morris' group. His face  drops, shocked-- PRINCE
58) 13) text: I'm going to join Morris' group. He LUNGES savagely before he knows it! His hand lashes out, SMASHES her in the face.  She falls back, CRASHES into the mirror.  She slips dully to the floor, tries desperately to brace herself on a chair-- He's horrified-- PRINCE
58) 17) text: Please...it's just... (a beat) I don't want you around this at all.  I just don't want you in my life this way.  You don't have to prove anything to me or anybody else. (a beat) Vanity...?  Don't I make you happy?  Don.t you like the way we are? (another thought) Do you know Morris?  Do you know what he's about? He doesn't care about you. She  twists viciously-- VANITY
60) 1) text: Morris called me this morning. Seems he's got himself a new group called Vanity Six.  You know anything about them? PRINCE
60) 5) text: I book three acts -- I can't afford four.  If they're as good as Morris says they are, one of you will have to go... Suddenly a HORN BLARES off screen. Billy looks up -- a BEAUTIFUL BABE in a black BMW waves-- BILLY
61) 0) text: The PLACE is JUMPING!  Once again The Time is deep in the guts of "Sex Shooter," but now there's a difference. The MUSIC is fiercer and crisper -- the BEAT tailored, more defined. Morris and Jerome stand off to the side sporting huge grins.  They're avidly watching... ...Vanity, Susan, and Brenda dancing up a fierce storm.  Vanity fronts the two Girls and moves panther-like in front of the mirrors... She's a dynamo, her face drawn tightly, her movements crisp and precise.  She urges the Girls on, suggests and cajoles, strengthening their resolve. Sweat lathers their bodies and forms rings on their Danskins.  The act is still very rough, but the potential for success can be felt. PRINCE suddenly enters the hall.  Morris spots him immediately and halts the MUSIC.  The Girls dance on a moment, then stop perplexed.  Vanity catches Prince's look, shakes her head in disbelief-- PRINCE
61) 7) text: YOU can't just come in here and take me away!  We'll talk later! Morris is enraged-- MORRIS
61) 10) text: Why don't you kiss the one- eyed snake? The Band lets out a condescending GROAN -- the tension rises MORRIS
67) 0) text: KIDS are hanging out in front of the club.  The usual queue, however, is noticeably absent. The yellow Caddy sweeps up.  Jerome is at the wheel, Morris and Vanity sit in the back.  Morris is dressed elegantly, resplendent in a 5O's-style suit.  She's beautiful in a sleek black dress, with long black gloves, and heels-- VANITY
67) 1) text: What are we doing here, Morris? MORRIS
67) 3) text: I don't want to be here.  I don't want to hurt anybody. MORRIS
67) 6) text: Your horns are showing, Morris. MORRIS
70) 11) text: Take your head out of your ass, Prince, check it out -- unless you like the view up there.  Your music doesn't make sense to anyone but yourself. He closes the door behind him.  Prince stands dully a moment, then sits heavily in a chair.  Exhaustion suddenly overwhelms him.  He rests his head in his hands, moments tick by... He shakes himself awake -- Morris and Jerome stand by the door-- JEROME
70) 12) text: That was fucked up what you did man.  Morris doesn't like it. And being a part of this - - I don't like it either. PRINCE
70) 13) text: I don't care. MORRIS
70) 14) text: Hee, hee...huh, it's obvious you don't have what it takes to be on top. He pulls an envelope from his pocket-- MORRIS
70) 15) text: But to show you that I'm sympathetic to your problems - - here's a pass to our show tomorrow night.  Enjoy it. They leave.  Then Morris sticks his head into the doorway-- MORRIS
74) 1) dialog: cuts from the dressing room, closes the door behind him.  He joins Jerome at the curtain, and they move down the back stairway to the CLUB-- MORRIS
74) 3) text: I guess so, M.D. MORRIS
74) 5) text: I don't think it's all that bad. MORRIS
75) 0) text: as Billy Sparks spots Morris, waves.  Morris manages a we smile, offers a half-hearted wave back.  Just then we HEA firce DRUM BEAT, and-- TASTE M.C.
75) 1) text: Ladies and Gentlemen, please welcome Vanity Six. Respectful APPLAUSE-- MORRIS
75) 2) text: Oh, God-- He sits quickly, followed by Jerome -- they both put on sunglasses. A HUSH descends over the CROWD.  The CURTAIN rises slowly...and Brenda, Susan and Vanity are frozen in a provocative, vampy stance.  Their effect on the audience is galvanizing --   the Crowd bursts into APPLAUSE and WHISTLES-- MORRIS
75) 4) dialog: and Jerome are beside themselves with happiness.  The pull off their shades immediately, sit back and glow in the audience's response.
76) 4) text: Morris is squeezing you, kiddo.  You better kick ass tomorrow night or else. He cuts outside, disappears into the Crowd.  Prince stands there steaming, the wind knocked out of him, his joy a memory.  He turns back to the line, but it has grown, the Crowd now jammed up against the door.  Frustrated, he cuts outside.
77) 0) text: Morris and Vanity stagger down the ALLEY obviously very drunk.  Morris pulls from a FLASK.  Vanity is still in her lingerie, wears an open coat over it. Her speech is slurred-- VANITY
77) 1) text: Did you hear these people applauding?  They loved us -- they wanted to rip us apart, and this is just our first night.  I can see it now, we're all going to be big stars.  I can feel it. MORRIS
77) 3) text: Morris, you're a genius. MORRIS
77) 4) text: Ye-es... He fixes her with a sexy look, takes a healthy look from his flask, then gives it too her.  Vanity throws her head back, drinks fully, the liquor coursing over her cheeks.  He devours her with his eyes, opens the door to the Caddy-- MORRIS
77) 6) text: Huh, where's Jerome? MORRIS
77) 9) text: Is he coming? MORRIS
77) 11) text: Why? He staggers back from the car, undulates his hips wantonly-- MORRIS
77) 12) text: Whawhak! She busts up.  Just then a MOTORCYCLE can be heard off screen.  They look around drunkenly, trying to discern its direction.  Suddenly Prince BLASTS around the corner FULL OUT!  He streaks by Morris and KICKS him flat on his ass into the garbage-- MORRIS
77) 14) text: Get on! There's no way out!  Suddenly she lets out an excited YELP, jumps on.  He guns the bike, BURSTS up the alley.  Morris jumps into his path drunkenly, his arms extended-- MORRIS
77) 15) text: Stop! Stop! But Prince BLAZES down upon him, sending him slipping and sliding to safety.  He BLASTS around the bend-- MORRIS
79) 4) text: No big deal, huh... She pulls Morris' FLASK from her jacket -- his eyes blacken-- PRINCE
87) 0) text: The CROWD goes WILD!  Morris, Jerome and the Time return to the stage to a frenzied throng.  The PLACE is PACKED, the CROWD applauding like MAD!  LASER LIGHTS strobe the house in a frenzy. It's a glorious night, and Morris struts back and forth imperialistically criss- crossing the stage like a lion, urging the audience on.  He grabs a mike-- MORRIS
87) 1) text: You love us right?!  You want us right?!  I can't hear you! The CROWD is SCREAMING -- Morris flashes a wide, exaggerated grin-- MORRIS
87) 2) text: What time is it?! (a beat) Whawhak!! And MUSIC.  The Time launches into "The Bird" and Morris, laughing heartily, does 'The Bird" (dance) with Jerome as the audience ROARS their approval.
89) 0) text: Morris, Jerome and The Time cut briskly past admiring FANS, laughing and shouting crazily-- BAND MEMBERS
90) 0) text: As Prince, Jill and the Band sit in dead silence listening to The Time's bluster off screen.  Suddenly The Time crosses the doorway -- Morris does a double- take, sticks his head into the room-- MORRIS
90) 1) text: How's the family!  Whawhak! The Time busts up, drags Morris from the room.  Prince's group is shocked, casts furtive glances to him -- but he remains serene, then-- MC (over) Ladies and gentlemen,