1) 0) text: A glamorous pianist in a décolleté evening gown (along th lines of Anne Todd in 'The Seventh Veil' c. 1947) playing some bravura piano concerto. As the titles end, so does the concerto, and we hear ALAN BENNETT in voice over and cut to -
2) 0) text: ALAN BENNETT at his desk, writing.
2) 1) dialog: The smell is sweet, with urine only a minor component, the prevalent odour suggesting the inside of someone's ear. Dank clothes are there too, wet wool and onions, which she eats raw, plus what for me has always been the essence of poverty, damp newspaper. The sound of the lavatory flushing. ALAN BENNETT looks towards the toilet door. 4/6 THE LADY IN THE VAN - FINAL SCREENPLAY 2.
2) 2) dialog: Miss Shepherd's multi-flavoured aroma is masked by a liberal application of various talcum powders, with Yardley's Lavender always a favourite, and currently it is this genteel fragrance that dominates, the second subject, as it were, in her odoriferous concerto. MISS SHEPHERD comes out of the lavatory, pulls down her skirt, and leaves through the front door. We see somethin the inside of the house and its contents, still at this d c. 1976, fairly uncluttered.
2) 3) dialog: But as she goes the original theme returns, her own primary odour now triumphantly restated and left hanging in the house long after she has departed. Out of the window we see Miss Shepherd's van parked in th drive and MISS SHEPHERD herself rearranges some plastic b beneath the van. She is tall and though her changes of costume will not be described in detail, she is generally dressed in an assortment of coats and headscarves but wit variety of other hats superimposed on the headscarves. Ol raincoats figure, as do carpet slippers and skirts which often been lengthened by the simple process of sewing on additional strips of material. She is about sixty-five.
2) 4) dialog: (at the desk, speaks) Tell her. As he watches through the window, A.B. - his other self - comes out of the house.
4) 0) text: A.B. catches ALAN BENNETT'S eye as he passes the study do
4) 1) dialog: The writer is double. There is the self who does the writing and there is the self who does the living. And they talk. They argue. Writing is talking to one’s self, and I've been doing it all my life, and long before I first saw this house five years ago.
8) 3) dialog: Bye bye madam. Mind how you go.
9) 1) dialog: A proper writer might welcome such an encounter as constituting experience. Me, I have to wait and mull it over.
9) 2) dialog: She saw you coming. A.B. She's old.
9) 3) dialog: You wouldn't get Harold Pinter pushing a van down the street. A.B. No. Unlike me. But then, I’m too busy not writing plays, and leading my mad, vigorous creative life.
9) 4) dialog: Yeah. You live it. I write it.
17) 8) dialog: We’re all on our own.
17) 14) dialog: I haven't (He has.)
20) 0) text: ALAN BENNETT is at the desk, his notebook open in front o him.
20) 1) dialog: No, no. I’m writing about Mam half the time as it is. One old lady’s enough. A.B. I live. You write. That's how it works.
20) 2) dialog: Except you don't much. A.B. Don't what?
20) 3) dialog: Live. "Put yourself into what you write." How? We're both so fucking tame.
22) 25) dialog: I do not believe in the snake, still less that it was en route for the van.
23) 2) dialog: Only next day I find there has been a break in at the local pet shop, so there may have been a snake on the run... A boa constrictor slithers through the flower bed.
23) 3) dialog: So of course I feel guilty. The CHILDREN and FIONA run into the house shouting ‘A sna A snake!’
23) 5) dialog: A real writer would have asked her about her close shaves with snakes. Only she seems to have cleared off.
27) 4) dialog: And there were, lined up on the garden wall, four peacocks from the Hall. So, boa constrictors in the street, peacocks on the wall, it seems that both at the northern and southern gates of my life stands a deluded woman.
28) 0) text: A.B. is back from Yorkshire. ALAN BENNETT is at the desk. A.B. Except you just said they aren't.
28) 1) dialog: Aren't what? A.B. Deluded.
28) 2) dialog: Well, not in this particular instance. A.B. And they're not the same Alan, Mam and Miss Shepherd.
28) 3) dialog: No, Alan, they are not. But they are both old ladies. That appears to be my niche, apparently. (MORE )
28) 5) dialog: And whereas my contemporaries lovingly chronicle their first tentative investigations of the opposite sex, or their adventures in the world of journalism, I'm stuck with old ladies. He throws his notebook at A.B.
28) 6) dialog: All right - I am keeping a sodding notebook, but only on the off- chance. She’s not a project. She’s not in the pipeline. I don’t want to write about her. She’s just something that's happening. A.B. So what do you want to write about?
28) 7) dialog: I want to write about spies. A.B. Spies?
28) 8) dialog: There you are, you see. You think that's barmy. Spies. Russia. I can't always be writing about the North. (mimicking himself) 'I was born and brought up in Leeds where my father was a butcher, and as a boy I would often go out on the bike with the orders.' It's not Proust. It's not even J.B. Priestley.
29) 1) dialog: The houses in the crescent were built as villas for the Victorian middle class and their basements are now being enlarged by couples who are liberal in outlook but not easy with their new found prosperity. Meanwhile, RUFUS leaves home for work with his briefcase passes MISS SHEPHERD who is struggling to unscrew a bottl top. 47 46 30 THE LADY IN THE VAN - FINAL SCREENPLAY 24.
29) 2) dialog: Guilt, in a word, which means that in varying degrees they tolerate Miss Shepherd, their consciences absolved by her presence. He stops and with an ill grace turns back and puts his ha out for the bottle. He unscrews it and hands it back. All done slightly furtively lest anyone observe his good turn
34) 12) dialog: OK, she’s been a nun. Only now it turns out she’s been a musician besides, and seemingly with fluent French.
35) 1) dialog: She's certainly no painter. Because today, rain notwithstanding, she moves slowly round her mobile home, thoughtfully touching up the rust patches, with crushed mimosa always a favourite shade. FIONA passes with a CHILD.
35) 9) dialog: Cake or no cake, all Miss Shepherd's vehicles ended up looking as if they'd been given a coat of badly made custard or plastered with scrambled eggs.
35) 11) dialog: Still, there were few occasions on which one saw her genuinely happy and one of these was when she was putting paint on.
43) 1) dialog: You think? A.B. I can't always be looking out for her. I'm not her keeper. I mean, what happens to work? I think she should either go...or...
43) 2) dialog: Or what? A.B. Or bring the van into the drive where we can forget about her. Actually, that's why some men marry...so they don't have to think any more about their wives.
43) 3) dialog: That's not bad. (He is writing it down) THE LADY IN THE VAN - FINAL SCREENPLAY 34. A.B. Yes. Except it's Proust. And it'll only be for a few months until she decides where she's going. It'll be easier. But it's not kindness.
43) 4) dialog: No. (He reads from one of his notebooks ) ‘Good nature, or what is often considered as such, is the most selfish of all virtues: it is nine times out of ten mere indolence of disposition.' A.B. That's not you?
43) 5) dialog: Hazlitt. And it's will. Pure will. She's known what she's wanted all along.
46) 3) dialog: I was about to do her a good turn but, as ever, it was not without thoughts of strangulation. She would come into the garden, yes...but only as favour to me.
47) 0) text: MISS SHEPHERD walks round the old van for the last time. the broken windscreen she paints a cross. Her belongings been piled on the pavement outside No. 23. We see the council truck towing away the now empty van as new (though second-hand) van driven by MISS SHEPHERD with usual battery of hand signals comes down the Crescent. ALAN BENNETT watches from the study window. The neighbour watch from the street. Van being slowly driven into drive, comes to a stop (almo THE LADY IN THE VAN - FINAL SCREENPLAY 37. A.B. Have you put on the handbrake?
47) 2) dialog: Whereupon she applies the handbrake with such determination that, like Excalibur, it can never afterwards be released.
47) 4) dialog: Now she is on the premises, I sometimes get a glimpse of Miss Shepherd praying and it is seldom a tranquil or a meditative process, the fervour of her intercessions rocking her to and fro. What is it she’s wanting forgiveness for? I used to pray myself when I was young. But never like this. I'd never done anything. But what has she done?
49) 13) dialog: Said my mother, who has been in London on a state visit.
49) 30) dialog: It’s like a fairy story. A Parable, in which the guilty is gulled in to devising a sentence for someone innocent only to find it is their own doom they have pronounced. (MORE)
49) 32) dialog: Because my mother is much closer to being put in a home than Miss Shepherd Mam gets into the taxi. A.B. (to Mam) You got your purse?
56) 16) dialog: It’s obviously not her name, and though it's long enough since she drove the van into the garden, I’m still too polite to ask who she is; let alone what this fellow wants who materialises at regular intervals and comes braying on the side of the van. Music has something to do with it..
56) 19) dialog: But is it just the noise, or music itself? A.B. puts some music on. Through the window they watch MISS SHEPHERD come out of t van and hurry to the front door.
57) 3) dialog: Should she speak now? Should she explain? A.B. She never lets on. Never explains.
57) 4) dialog: Well maybe she should.
61) 1) dialog: So with painful symmetry my mother ends up in a home in Western Super Mare, while her derelict counterpart now resides in my garden. Putting my mother in a home I see as some sort of failure. And giving the other a home, that's a failure too.
62) 0) text: A.B. walking round the Reliant now parked outside the hou ALAN BENNETT watching from the window. A.B. Where will you park it?
62) 17) dialog: This was the only time I ever touched her. It was not because she was calling me a liar, but because she seemed mad. It was my mother.
63) 1) dialog: These days it’s almost as if we’re married. MISS SHEPHERD is painting the Reliant.
63) 2) dialog: ‘How’s your old lady?’, they say. Which is what people call a wife: your Old Lady.
65) 1) dialog: Years ago Mam wanted Miss Shepherd put in a home, but she's still on the loose. Of course, whether she's all there or not is anyone's guess. She turns towards him and calls through the window. She i splattered with yellow paint.
76) 0) text: The National Theatre seen from Waterloo Bridge. On the electronic billboard: TALKING HEADS BY ALAN BENNETT
78) 1) dialog: So for the umpteenth time I bike back from the theatre where I've been talking about my mother. Though at least I know where my mother is. A.B. taps on the van window. A.B. Miss Shepherd. Miss Shepherd. (no answer) I don't like it. ALAN BENNETT has come to the window.
78) 2) dialog: So look in. A.B. No.
78) 3) dialog: Are you scared? A.B. No.
78) 4) dialog: Not of the body. You're scared this may be the end of the story and now I'm going to have to write it. Still, now she's gone I can make it up. Narrative freedom. Whoopee! A.B. (tapping on van.) Miss Shepherd. Pause.
78) 6) dialog: Go on... THE LADY IN THE VAN - FINAL SCREENPLAY 57. A.B. very nervously opens the back door of the van. MISS SHEPHERD appears from further up the Crescent.
78) 13) dialog: She didn't die then, and nor did my mother.
79) 1) dialog: But as the years passed both of them were beginning to fade. THE LADY IN THE VAN - FINAL SCREENPLAY 58.
80) 4) dialog: So?
80) 7) dialog: No, but why shouldn't she?
84) 10) dialog: If...when I write about all this, people will say there's too much about shit. A.B. washing his shoe in the sink. THE LADY IN THE VAN - FINAL SCREENPLAY 64.
84) 11) dialog: But there was a lot about shit. Shit was in the forefront. Caring...which is not a word I like...caring is about shit.
85) 6) dialog: Though of course you didn't say any of that. MISS BRISCOE leaves the study. ALAN BENNETT (CONT ’D) People would think that was because you were too nice, it's actually because you're too timid. A.B. Yes. Though this being England, timid is good too. A.B. goes into the hallway where MISS BRISCOE is waiting.
88) 14) dialog: I note how with none of my own distaste the ambulance driver does not hesitate to touch Miss Shepherd and even puts his arm round her as he lowers her into the chair. I note too his careful rearrangement of her greasy clothing, pulling the skirt down over her knees in the interest of modesty.
88) 31) dialog: The chair goes up on a lift and in this small ascension when she slowly rises above the level of the garden wall there is a vagabond nobility about her, a derelict Nobel prize-winner she looks, her grimy face set in a kind of resigned satisfaction.
98) 12) dialog: Some of what this woman had been I found out after she died, so with her life a deliberate mystery...
98) 18) dialog: «..to tell it I have occasionally had to invent, though much of it one could not make up. And I do not make it up when I say that it was on the morning after this talk, when she lay in the van with clean clothes and with her hair washed, that on that same morning comes the social worker in to the garden, bearing clean clothes, linen and ointment and knocks on the door of the van.
98) 22) dialog: It is a van no longer. It is a sepulchre. Even now I do not venture into this evil-smelling tomb. I feel cheated that the discovery of the body has not actually been mine and that, having observed so much for so long, I am not the first to witness her death. Now in quick succession come the doctor, the priest and men from the undertaker's, all of whom this cold winter morning do what no one else has done for twenty years: namely without pause and seemingly without distaste step inside the van. We see the undertakers men take out the body in an ordina seeming box. 163 THE LADY IN THE VAN - FINAL SCREENPLAY 76.
102) 2) dialog: All those years stood on my doorstep she was outside the law. A life...this is what I keep thinking...a life beside which mine is just dull.
103) 1) dialog: Left to my own thoughts at the graveside, one of the undertaker’s men takes my eye. Not an occupation one drifts into, I imagine...
103) 3) dialog: But I’m forgetting that the dead know everything.
103) 5) dialog: Well, it's a thought. She's dead now. I can do what I want with her.
103) 7) dialog: Yes. A.B. No. MISS SHEPHERD walks away from the grave, the other two catching up with her.
103) 9) dialog: No. A.B. I'm getting rid of the van. The van is going.
103) 12) dialog: That's not really my kind of thing. She has found who she's been looking for: a beaming YOUNG BIKER, sitting behind a gravestone, smoking.
103) 22) dialog: Well, she wanted an ascension. Let's answer her prayers. (MORE )
103) 24) dialog: Stand by, Miss Mary Teresa Shepherd, late of 23 Gloucester Crescent. Up you go! They look back towards MISS SHEPHERD who ascends to Heave
104) 1) dialog: Starting out as someone incidental to my life...she remained on the edge of it so long she became not incidental to it at all.
105) 1) dialog: As homebound sons and daughters looking after their parents think of it as just marking time before their lives start..
106) 0) text: Later, A.B. is clearing the garden of Miss Shepherd’s pla bags. The outline of the truck visible in flecks of yello paint. ALAN BENNETT is at the desk in the window.
106) 1) dialog: --So like them I learned there is no such thing as marking time, and that time marks you. In accommodating her and accommodating to her, I find twenty years of my life has gone. The van is hauled out of the drive by a salvage truck. Th truck driver scrawls 'On Tow' in the dirt on the windscre A.B. watches it go.
106) 2) dialog: This broken-down old woman, her delusions, and the slow abridgement of her life with all its vehicular permutations, these have been given to me to record.. . (MORE )
106) 4) dialog: .»-as others record journeys across Tibet or Patagonia or the thighs of a dozen women.
107) 1) dialog: I never wanted to write about her. And if there'd been a bit more in your life, I wouldn't have had to. A.B. Maybe I will now. The sound of the key in the front door, which bangs shut. voice calls 'Hi!'
107) 2) dialog: What? A.B. Have a bit more in my life. I might even start living. A.B. looks towards the MAN who now comes through the stud door and greets him, and who seems quite at home.
108) 0) text: Wide on Gloucester Crescent, we see the real Alan Bennett cycling down the road. In the now empty garden, A.B. and the neighbours conduct small ceremony to mark the unveiling of a blue plaque on wall. With them, a film crew gathered outside 23 Gloucester Crescent making the film. A.B. Gloucester Crescent has had many notable residents but none odder or more remarkable than Miss Mary Shepherd to whom we dedicate this blue plaque today. The plaque reads: Miss M T Shepherd “The Lady in the Van" Lived here 1974-1989