66) 0) text: A.B. now with the new social worker, MISS BRISCOE. A.B. I don’t want a used car lot.
66) 1) dialog: Mary says... THE LADY IN THE VAN - FINAL SCREENPLAY 51. A.B. Mary who?
66) 2) dialog: Mary, your Lady in the Van. Didn't you know her name was Mary? A.B. I suppose I did. I always call her Miss Shepherd.
66) 3) dialog: We all have names. Perhaps if you called her by her name and she called you by yours? Alan, Mary...You never know, it might be easier to talk things through. A.B. Through? There is no through. How do you talk things through with someone who has conversations with the Virgin Mary? You talk things through with Isaiah Berlin, maybe, who in comparison with Miss Shepherd is a man of few words, but you do not talk things through with her because you don't get through.
66) 4) dialog: Alan. I'm getting a bit of hostility here. I realise for you this may be a steep learning curve... A.B. No. It is not a steep learning curve. I have never been on a so called learning curve. I’m about as likely to be found on a learning curve as I am on the ski slopes at Zermatt. And besides, her name isn't Mary.
66) 5) dialog: Oh? A.B. Some people seem to think it's Margaret. And it isn't even Shepherd.
66) 6) dialog: I have her down as Mary. A.B. Yes, and you presumably have her down as a rational human being. 125 125a 119a 125b 126 127 128 130 THE LADY IN THE VAN - FINAL SCREENPLAY 52.
85) 0) text: Through the window we see MISS SHEPHERD in deep conversat with MISS BRISCOE. MISS BRISCOE comes to the front door a rings, A.B. letting her in, MISS SHEPHERD watching resentfully.
85) 1) dialog: I've talked to Mary. A.B. Or Margaret.
85) 2) dialog: Or Margaret. Miss Shepherd anyway. She tells me you don't encourage her to get out and lead a more purposeful life. And put obstacles in her way. A.B. I don't encourage her to think she can become Prime Minister; I do encourage her to try and get to the supermarket.
85) 3) dialog: Yes. A carer will often feel that he or she .. A.B. Excuse me. May I stop you? Do not call me the carer. I am not the carer. I hate caring. I hate the thought. I hate the word. I do not care and I do not care for. I am here; she is there. There is no caring.
85) 4) dialog: Alan, I’m sensing hostility again. (pause) You see, I am wondering whether, having cared for Mary as it were single-handed for all these years, you don't, understandably, resent it when the professionals lend a hand. THE LADY IN THE VAN - FINAL SCREENPLAY 65. A.B. No. Though I resent it when the professionals turn up every three months or so and try to tell me what this woman, whom I have coped with on a daily basis for the past fifteen years, is like.
85) 5) dialog: What is she like? A.B. Mary, as you call her, is a bigoted, blinkered, cantankerous, devious, unforgiving, self-serving, rank, rude, car-mad cow. Which is to say nothing of her flying faeces and her ability to extrude from her withered buttocks turds of such force that they land a yard from the back of the van and their presumed point of exit. Beat. ALAN BENNETT is at the desk.
85) 7) dialog: Well this has been very helpful. I'll see about getting her a doctor.
87) 0) text: A.B. and MISS BRISCOE are on the phone. A.B. She won't go into hospital.
87) 1) dialog: How do you know? A.B. Ask her.
87) 2) dialog: Would she go to the day centre? She could be looked at there. And she could stay for a few days A.B. She won't go to the day centre. 148 THE LADY IN THE VAN - FINAL SCREENPLAY 67.
87) 3) dialog: Are you sure? Have you asked her? A.B. She will not go to the day centre. I know.
88) 9) dialog: Alan.. The AMBULANCE MEN help MISS SHEPHERD out of the van.
88) 16) dialog: Is there anything you would like us to take and have us wash?
98) 20) dialog: Mary (She knocks on van) Mary? and Alan Bennett watch from inside. She opens the door.