0) 2) text: unusual it may seem. On the woman’s back we catch a glimpse of a woven bag embroidered with the image of a beetle. Before we can get a better look, our attention turns to a tsunami-sized wave, rising up silently in front of the bo threatening to consume everything in its path. The woman raises her hand, strikes the strings on her shamisen, and the sea literally parts in front of her, allowing safe passage clean through the center of the cha The boat floats onward, approaching a rocky coastline ben high windswept cliffs, and at the sight of land the woman gives an almost imperceptible smile.
1) 10) text: A serious monkey. Staring right at us. Fixed expression. That’s because this monkey is actually a carved wooden ch also known as a netsuke, standing about four inches high. Next to it a young boy, perhaps ten years old, sleeps on thin mat on the floor. He is curled up within a robe emblazoned with the crest of a beetle, just like the one saw on the bag earlier. The boy rolls over, revealing his left eye is covered in patch. He is the baby from the prologue, grown into a wir youth, with thick black hair tugged into a messy topknot. is our hero. KUBO.
14) 2) text: Spotting Kubo and kidnapper in the distance, she takes of again, a breakneck pursuit through a dank, crumbling labyrinth that hasn’t heard footfalls for hundreds of yea Eventually, Monkey turns a corner and skids to a sudden s INT. BEETLE’S CAMP - CONTINUOUS Crouching in front of her is the creature. Part giant bee part human, shell mimicking the silhouette of samurai arm Monkey gives a furious ROAR and rushes toward the creatur
14) 6) dialog: (muttering to himself) Hanzo? Hanzo... Monkey, still wild-eyed and catching her breath, glares f Kubo to the creature.
14) 12) dialog: Hanzo! Yes! I remember him. I think Maybe... he was my master!
14) 14) dialog: We had a crest! A samurai crest! He suddenly leaps up and enthusiastically digs into the p of scavenged objects, pulling loose the fabric which he flourishes in front of Kubo and Monkey. It’s a large samu war banner, emblazoned with the familiar beetle emblem.
14) 15) dialog: Have you seen this crest before? Wordlessly, Kubo turns to show Beetle the same crest on t back of his robe. Beetle’s eyes light up with excitement.
14) 16) dialog: 
14) 20) dialog: Many years ago I was cursed, trapped in this cursed state. Cursed to wander the Farlands. Cursed! Or Cur-sed. As Beetle talks, Kubo casts a curious eye over the scatte objects. Many have the beetle crest on them. He admires a and arrow leaning against the wall.
14) 21) dialog: No comrades. No master. Not even a name or a single memory of the noble warrior I once was.
14) 25) dialog: Not just any man... a samurai! I mean, I’m pretty certain. Look, I have the stuff. (trails off) I mean, I’m either a samurai or a really bad hoarder. (rallies) Either way, inside my thorax beats the heart of a warrior!
14) 27) dialog: Because I get... flashes. They come about from objects I find on my travels. Or sometimes it’s a sound. Or a smell. Monkey SNIFFS the air.
14) 29) dialog: But the memories, they fade, and all I’m left with is the sense that I was once part of something much greater. Kubo looks up at Beetle sympathetically, and then turns t Monkey with a pleading face.
14) 37) dialog: What? Tell me what? Kubo turns very deliberately to face Beetle.
14) 41) dialog: Ha! This is a miracle! I HAVE FOUND
14) 44) dialog: Whatever brings you to these lands, whatever your quest, it is now my quest too. I will join you. I'1l give my life for you if necessary!
14) 46) dialog: (nodding vigorously) What? Do you think that’s possible? I mean, I know how quests go. People die all the time. They drop like flies. But that doesn’t matter, because I have a feeling this... is my destiny!
14) 51) dialog: Yes, I am certain I could be helpful! Indispensable!
14) 53) dialog: Oh, look at that. Literally the first time I’ve ever done it. He drops to his knee in front of Kubo, all earnest.
14) 54) dialog: Just tell me of our quest, and I will quickly demonstrate my numerous... “indispensabilities.”
14) 56) dialog: You've got my attention. I promise I won't even blink. (MORE )
14) 59) dialog: I actually don’t even think I can blink. Do I have eyelids? Monkey rolls her eyes and takes a breath, knowing she isn going to win this one.
14) 62) dialog: So you used to be a toy monkey?!
14) 68) dialog: Of course you were. Suddenly, Little Hanzo leaps from Kubo’s shoulder, runs a to a bend in the tunnel and slips through a crack in the wall.
14) 70) text: Beetle breaks through the wall to follow him, but as they round the corner a horrifying monument is revealed: a gia and grotesque relief carved into the rock wall. It’s a de end, but Hanzo continues to point steadfastly ahead.
14) 71) dialog: Well, that doesn’t look good. Kubo approaches the wall, squinting his eye. Beetle is cl behind him, but Monkey holds back.
14) 73) dialog: He did it. And then the floor falls away beneath them and they plumm into darkness.
15) 0) text: In a confusion of limbs and SCREAMS they hit solid ground A beat, and then Kubo and Monkey slowly begin to extricat themselves from a heap on the ground. Kubo hears a series of GRUNTS behind him. Beetle is lying his back, rocking back and forth on his carapace like a stranded turtle in a futile effort to get back on his fee
15) 1) dialog: Okay... Monkey SIGHS and walks away, leaving Kubo to offer a help hand. Beetle waves him away.
15) 2) dialog: No, no, no! He rocks back and forth a few more times. He’d be red in face if he wasn’t already.
15) 5) dialog: Yes. * Kubo reaches over and helps him up.
15) 10) dialog: Allow me. * Kubo backs away as Beetle scuttles toward the hand.
15) 12) dialog: Stealth is my middle name. *
15) 14) dialog: Don’t worry! I got this! Reaching the hand he carefully reaches across the bony pa and with an impressive amount of dexterity manages to gra the sword’s hilt. He raises the sword triumphantly and turns to Kubo.
15) 17) dialog: Ha, ha, ha, HA! The mighty Beetle * is victorious! * Almost instantly, the fingers of the hand start to move a close. *
15) 18) dialog: 
15) 20) dialog: I don’t got this....I don’t got this... Fully formed, the Odokuro comes to life with a bloodcurdl SHRIEK, and turns his attention to the three trespassers.
15) 25) dialog: So does it just mean the handle, * or..? I’m a little disappointed * with the magic sword... *
15) 30) dialog: The Sword! It’s in his head. Hey! I’ve got a bone to pick with you! (To Monkey) You see, because he’s made of bones.
15) 32) dialog: Uh. This is problematic. Odokuro’s outstretched hand reaches down and scoops Monke into the air. Beetle unleashes another volley of arrows. They zip past Monkey's head as she is lifted higher.
15) 36) text: Odokuro stomps its giant feet down, narrowly missing Kubo Beetle draws back his bow and challenges the creature. The paper birds dive and swoop and Odokuro SHRIEKS with frustration, swiping and swatting at them. Odokuro waves his arms, swatting birds out of the air. He flails madly, dancing back and forth across the temple fl Kubo is in danger of being crushed by Odokuro’s stomping feet, but Beetle throws himself through the air, covering Kubo as the Odokuro’s foot comes down.
15) 37) dialog: Oh, foot! A beat, and then both Beetle and Kubo realize they’re hovering a few feet above the floor. They are stunned to a pair of wings BUZZING out from beneath Beetle’s shell.
15) 39) dialog: Apparently, yes! Beetle is no less surprised but doesn’t waste any time. W a quick flex of his new wing muscles, he rockets them fur up into the air, careening wildly towards the beast. Monkey watches, dumbfounded, as they crash upon the skull beside her. Odokuro ROARS in outrage, as Kubo and Beetle pull at the remaining swords, frantically trying to find the real dea
15) 40) dialog: Are you sure it isn’t the Sword Unfindable? Beetle’s hand grabs a hilt that will not budge. He gives tug, but the blade is stuck tight.
15) 41) dialog: I think I found it! He pulls at it again. And again. With increasing effort. turns over his shoulder and YELLS, his voice cracking.
15) 42) dialog: 
15) 46) dialog: Ah! That’s not what I meant. Odokuro gleefully squeezes Beetle and Monkey in each hand giving a victorious HOWL as it lifts them towards its ope mouth. Kubo reaches for the sword but is thrown into the air by Odokuro’s movements.
15) 50) dialog: Kubo! Kubo falls and lands on the Odokuro’s skull. He begins smashing every hilt lodged in the skull until he finds th Sword Unbreakable and gives it a hard pull, finally yanki it free. Odokuro suddenly stops in his tracks, looking confused. B Monkey and Beetle look up and see Kubo standing victoriou the Sword Unbreakable in his hand.
15) 51) dialog: Thank goodness that’s over. The Odokuro begins coming apart, bone by bone, as if the sword was the linchpin that was holding it all together!
16) 0) text: Beetle, carrying Monkey and Kubo, flies out of the Hall o Bones and crash lands on the beach below. Beetle lies on his side as Monkey squats behind him, slap mud and leaves onto his wounded wings as a bandage. Littl Hanzo sits on the horned crest of his helmet, swaying eve time Beetle winces. They are on the shore of a vast lake that stretches so fa into the distance that it’s hard to pick out the horizon the sky. All around, great barnacle-encrusted driftwood wrecks tell tales of feckless fishermen dashed against th rocks.
16) 1) dialog: Everything...turning...black...
16) 3) dialog: Uh oh. I can’t feel my wings.
16) 5) dialog: Yeah, a little to the left. Down just a bit. Right there. That's good. A surprising thought dawns on him.
16) 6) dialog: You're being nice to me.
16) 13) dialog: You can’t be serious.
16) 18) dialog: Kubo, just go over there and... uh... play with something. Kubo picks up the Sword Unbreakable.
16) 21) text: He grabs his shamisen instead and stomps away, sitting do upon a rock where he PLUCKS moodily at the strings. Beetle turns back to Monkey and HISSES quietly.
16) 22) dialog: Monkey, this is the Long Lake. We can’t walk around it! We need to swim across. I can carry Kubo... Monkey cuts him off.
16) 24) dialog: Is that right?
16) 26) dialog: This coming from the talking monkey.
16) 29) dialog: (grinning) Not to worry. Monkey see, monkey do! Monkey GROWLS, shaking her head.
16) 34) dialog: Ever since I met you. What were we ‘grown-up conversation’-ing about?
16) 36) dialog: (frowns ) I think I resent that. (an afterthought) And I may not know everything...
16) 38) dialog: Anything. But I do know Kubo is more capable than you think he is! You're being a tiny bit overprotective here.
16) 41) dialog: And an incredibly gifted one! He just saved our lives!
16) 47) dialog: Fast learner. He nudges Monkey, whose jaw is also hanging open. Hanzo Origami eyes the boat up and down, then gives his s of approval by confidently pointing his sword at the deck
16) 48) dialog: (to Kubo) Did you know you could do that? Kubo thinks for a beat. Then, he plucks a final note and massive sail woven from leaves and grass suddenly unfurls billowing in the morning breeze. Monkey looks at Kubo. She’s not smiling exactly, but ther a hint of pride.
16) 50) dialog: Okay now, take a deep breath. Clear your mind... guess I got that part covered. He throws Kubo a wink. Kubo grins.
16) 53) dialog: Now draw back slowly. That’s it. Now close one eye... guess you’ve got that part covered... Kubo GIGGLES and gives Beetle a mock shove with his elbow
16) 54) dialog: Concentrate on what is directly in front of you and let everything else fall away... aaand... release! ANGLE ON a fish swimming just under the surface of the wa as it is suddenly speared by one of Beetle’s arrows.
16) 55) dialog: Perfect shot! Perfect shot! * Monkey knuckles up behind Beetle and sits down, smirking.
16) 57) dialog: Well, I said I was teaching him how * to shoot, not fish. Fishing is, uh, * tomorrow's lesson. * Still smirking, Monkey swipes another arrow out of his ha
16) 59) dialog: Woah, grabby Monkey. * Monkey reaches into Kubo’s pack pulling out a length of r which she ties to the arrow, grinning slyly and clearly enjoying herself.
16) 63) dialog: Okay, now pull back and... Zip! Bullseye! Another fish harpooned. Kubo and Beetle bo let out a CHEER.
16) 64) dialog: (to Monkey) The rope was a pretty good idea! The rope on the arrow tightens and Beetle yanks the fish the boat.
16) 68) dialog: We’re gonna need something to cut this wi-- There’s a SWISH of air and the fish is transformed into perfectly cut sashimi. Beetle and Kubo stare at Monkey. She shrugs.
16) 73) dialog: Yes. He notices Kubo looking at them with an odd look on his f
16) 74) dialog: What’s the matter, Kubo? You act like you've never had a meal sitting between a monkey and a beetle before.
16) 77) dialog: Kubo, question: before you started on your heroic quest, what were you like?
16) 83) dialog: You know something, Kubo? Back when you just told stories...Before you went on this great adventure, you were still very much a hero. Kubo looks up at Beetle, liking the sound of that. Monkey does too. She gives Beetle an approving nod. They go back to eating. Sitting a bit closer together now hold on the moment, savoring it, until... ...it’s interrupted by the distant sound of THUNDER. Monkey turns sharply and leaps onto the mast. She clamber the top where she sits like a silent sentinel. Mountainous thunderclouds roll across the distant horizon black smudge beneath a vast fiery sky. A storm is coming the sun is sinking into the ocean.
16) 87) dialog: Okay, I got it.
16) 90) text: Immediately, Beetle turns, about to leap into the ocean.
16) 92) dialog: Don’t worry, beetles can hold their breath underwater for a very long time.
16) 94) dialog: It’s a well known fact, Monkey. *
16) 97) dialog: Oh, yeah? What kind of something?
16) 99) dialog: Okay. Well, I won’t look directly into anyone’s eyes. Even if I’m being incredibly sincere. Before he leaps in, he looks at Monkey and winks.
16) 100) dialog: You’re gonna miss me, Monkey. * And then he’s gone, disappearing under the waves with a
17) 31) dialog: I got it! I got it. Monkey and the Sister look up as Beetle clambers onto the deck, proudly wielding his skewered fish.
17) 33) dialog: Ummm... . The Sister takes advantage of Monkey’s distraction and attacks. The sword is flung from Monkey’s hand and lodges the side of the boat near Beetle with a TWANG.
17) 36) text: Beetle frowns, clearly confused. The Sister has turned he attention to him, gliding across the deck. He casts aside arrow and pulls free the Sword Unbreakable, squaring his shoulders and ready to fight. The Sister attacks Beetle and disarms him before she is lassoed by her own chain with Monkey wielding the other e Monkey furiously whips the Sister through the air, hittin her against the mast.
17) 38) dialog: I got it. Beetle takes one last, deep breath, and dives off the boa back into the water.
17) 39) text: The Ningen drags Kubo down deeper and deeper into the wat its eerie light illuminating Kubo’s face while indecipher WHISPERS chatter through the gloom. As they descend, the light reveals a massive form beneath them; a giant mouth, rimmed with thousands of razor sharp teeth, surrounded by dozens more of those staring eyes. WHISH! An arrow punctures the glowing eye, and the lake i filled with SCREAMS as Beetle appears through the water. follows up with a volley of arrows, spearing one eyeball after another. Kubo is suddenly released from the Sea Creature’s grasp, blinks himself awake, but he’s out of air and fading fast With a last exhalation of bubbles, his eye rolls back in head. Beetle sees this and swims towards Kubo. EXT. KUBO’S SAIL BOAT - THE LONG LAKE - RAGING STORM The boat is in shambles now, torn into little more than stepping stones for Monkey and the Sister as they fight.
17) 51) text: Beetle is just a few feet from the surface, dragging the unconscious Kubo when he sees the Sister’s cracked mask s down past him, disappearing into the darkness of the wate
17) 55) dialog: The eyes. It was the eyes! They had him in a trance.
17) 61) dialog: What? What did you see? Kubo opens his eye and looks directly up at Monkey.
18) 1) dialog: So you must look more like your dad then?
19) 0) text: Kubo, and Beetle sit around a campfire, their attention i fixed on Monkey as she fusses around the cave, trying to avoid eye contact. After a while the weight of their collective gaze provoke response.
19) 3) dialog: I'll start. First question, if I’m * Beetle, and you’re Monkey, why isn’t he called “Boy”?
19) 13) dialog: Yeah, that’s so you. Kubo nudges him with his elbow.
19) 18) dialog: “I love you... Monkey?”
19) 30) dialog: Me too.
19) 32) dialog: You're hurt. He reaches out to her.
19) 36) dialog: (gently) Monkey? Why didn’t you tell him sooner... who you really are?
19) 38) dialog: Not alone. He is the son of Hanzo. I will do everything I can to keep him from harm. Monkey appreciates this.
19) 40) dialog: Your story will never end. Monkey is surprised and a little moved by his sentiment. looks over at Kubo as he continues.
19) 41) dialog: It will be told by him. And by the people he shares it with. And by the people they share it with. And by the people they share it with. And by the people they share it with... It’s starting to get a little awkward.
19) 43) dialog: The point is, your story will live on. In him. And Monkey really likes the sound of that. She smiles. Kubo lies in the corner of the cave on his side, sleeping soundly.
20) 11) text: The tableau continues to shift before Kubo’s eye, dissolv into rows of SAMURAI wearing the beetle crest on their ar standing frozen like statues. They are guarding a dazzlin golden helmet, floating in the air.
20) 16) dialog: (groaning) I’m down.
20) 18) dialog: I think I slept on something... He reaches down and pulls out the sheathed Sword.
20) 19) dialog: “Sword Uncomfortable”.
20) 23) dialog: A dream? Well that doesn’t mean anything, in particular. I dreamt I fought a giant skeleton with swords in its head.
20) 25) dialog: Oh. Yeah.
22) 0) text: Our heroes hike a trail through the mountains. As they traverse a particularly steep bluff, Beetle gamely lifts up by his collar and plonks him onto his shoulder. As they near the top of the mountain ridge they play a cheerful game, spirits high.
22) 2) dialog: “Snow.”
22) 6) dialog: “Snowflake.”
22) 8) dialog: Okay... “Snow-covered trees.”
22) 10) dialog: (looks at Monkey) How about “serious?”
22) 12) dialog: Okay, I got it. “Snow.”
22) 15) dialog: Well, that’s not fair! How do you see a song? Kubo leans over and gently tilts Beetle’s head.
22) 20) dialog: What are they singing?
22) 23) dialog: We don’t? So what happens to us?
23) 0) text: Torn banners displaying the beetle crest flap in the even wind as the trio moves through the ruins. *
23) 1) dialog: I remember this place. * It’s clear this place was once splendid, filled with weap and armor and beautiful works of art. Now all that remain covered over in dust and encroaching weeds and bamboo. *
25) 1) dialog: There’s something I don’t understand...Why would the helmet be here?
25) 9) dialog: Don’t you touch him, you witch! The Sister turns her horrible NOH mask to face him.
25) 22) dialog: What. .? Monkey turns to Beetle, confused.
25) 24) dialog: I didn’t know... Monkey looks at him with sympathy. The Sister CACKLES, finding this scene perversely enjoyab and throws Beetle into a wall.
25) 34) dialog: My son.
25) 36) dialog: Yeah. A samurai bug. She smiles grimly, holding onto Beetle’s arm.
25) 37) dialog: You are my quest. You always have been.
25) 42) dialog: I promise I will. Suddenly, Beetle YELLS in agony as the Sister appears beh him and plunges her blade deep into his back.
26) 0) text: DISSOLVE THROUGH to find Kubo on hands and knees, blinkin his eye as he tries to get his bearings. Around him are pieces of the Sister’s broken mask. In fro of him lies the netsuke statue. It is broken in half. Beetle’s broken bow lies next to him. Out of silence we gradually become aware of the slight bu steady PLUCKING of a string. Dull. Empty.
29) 0) text: Kubo CRASHES through branches and bushes, cartwheeling through the undergrowth leading down to the riverside cemetery outside the village. He eventually comes to a stop, barely conscious. His bag lands nearby, its contents strewn around him. In the distance we hear the Moon Beast ROAR as it smashes through the village on its way to finish Kubo off. Kubo blinks. Slowly pulls himself off the ground. He reaches out for his sword. From beneath his robe sleev the two bracelets around his wrist are exposed. His mothe hair and Beetle’s bow string. Kubo’s fingers pause over the top of the sword hilt. And withdraw. And then, as quickly as he can, he deftly begins re-strin his shamisen, using both string and hair. The Moon Beast thunders closer through the woods. Two strings in place, Kubo stares at the empty space wher the final string should go. The Moon Beast appears, and finds Kubo kneeling on the ground, shamisen in hand.