3) 0) text: It’s later in the morning and the main thoroughfare has become a vibrant pageant of peasantry and peddlers celebrating the second day of the Obon Festival. - A puppeteer operates an elaborate dragon marionette ove the heads of SQUEALING CHILDREN. - FISHERMEN proudly waggle their pungent produce. Crustac crawl over each other in open crates. - A PATIENT DAD AND HIS YOUNG DAUGHTER browse the lantern being crafted by skilled artisans. -HIGH CLASS LADIES barter and haggle for the most fashion festival garments. - MERCHANTS pitch their wares to VILLAGERS from dusty car - MEN gamble on elaborate tile games. Two old curmudgeons in stony-faced contemplation over a chess-like game of Sh And lining the street is the feudal Japanese equivalent o the Venice Beach boardwalk. A row of BEGGARS and STREET PERFORMERS, competing for coins, handouts, and attention: - A hunched beggar woman, KAMEYO sits in the street, with bowl in front of her. She smiles warmly when she sees Kubo walking toward her. miraculously straightens up and seems much less woeful.
3) 1) dialog: Well hello, Kubo! He slides his shamisen off his shoulder and sits down nex her. Kubo peeks over the lip of the bowl.
3) 5) dialog: Not a bad crowd. I got two pennies and a lint ball. She fishes around in the bowl and pulls out a clump of fl
3) 6) dialog: This is pretty good lint. Kubo CHUCKLES and the old woman turns to him.
3) 7) dialog: And what do you have planned today?
3) 9) dialog: (grins) Monsters?
3) 11) dialog: You think you can work in a fire breathing chicken? Kubo fixes her with a look.
3) 13) dialog: (defensive) The chicken is funny. Kubo rolls his eye, but he’s clearly enjoying this.
3) 14) dialog: A touch of comedy to balance the whole thing out. They’re going to be throwing money at you, I just know it. (thinks this over) Or they’1l throw something at you, I don’t know.
3) 19) dialog: And do you plan on finishing the story this time, young man? Kubo just smiles and walks into the center of the square. In one graceful motion, Kubo drops his bag of origami creatures on the ground and spins his shamisen around. He grabs the bachi pick from his belt and raises it into air, ready to strike.
3) 42) dialog: I know this one! Pick me! Kubo nods at her.
3) 43) dialog: The Helmet Invulnerable! The expectant crowd turn to Kubo for affirmation. He pluc the third string and a beautiful helmet forms. The crowd CHEERS. He begins circling the audience, building the tension.
3) 45) dialog: Whoa! Ha Ha Ha! Kubo launches into a dizzying display, playing his shamis like a demon. He’s good!
3) 50) dialog: HA HA! Kill the chicken! Rip it to pieces! - Hanzo runs and turns into a flat piece of paper again shooting under the chicken’s legs to escape. The paper fo back into Hanzo to the cheers of the crowd. - Hanzo gets hit by a flying paper egg shot at him by the chicken. Hanzo turns, runs, and back-flips over the chick lopping off its head with one swipe of his sword. - The patient dad covers the eyes of his young daughter, moves his hands, not wishing to miss a beat.
4) 1) dialog: Paper boy! Here! Here! Kubo turns to see that same old woman. She gives a gummy and looks suspiciously like she may have washed her face.
4) 2) dialog: C'mon, c’mon. Come sit next to me. I got us a good spot here. Kubo ambles sleepily in her direction and sits next to he
4) 5) dialog: What do you think? I got myself all spruced up for the big day. Kubo awkwardly grins at her.
4) 6) dialog: Ahhh... I do so love the festival. A time to celebrate. Y’know, it’s a shame you never stay past sundown. There’s fireworks and singing and dancing and feasting of course... She playfully tickles Kubo.
4) 7) dialog: But the best part of all... The beggar woman grabs Kubo about the shoulder, drawing h in close as she gestures around the square.
4) 8) dialog: Do you see those lamps and altars? We use those to speak to the loved ones that left us behind. Kubo hears this and his eye widens a little.
4) 9) dialog: We listen to their tales and guide their safe return to the blissful pure land.
4) 11) dialog: Yes I did. My husband! His voice was as clear and loud as the one you use for your stories. (shrugs ) In seventy two years he never had a thing to say. Now he’s gone, I can’t shut him up. She LAUGHS fruitily and Kubo’s eye widens more as her wor sink in. In the background, the dance concludes to the CH of the spectators.
4) 12) dialog: You have someone you'd like to talk to, huh?
4) 16) dialog: Well, what’s stopping you? Kubo looks around at all the elaborately ornamented altar
4) 18) dialog: Well... She CACKLES conspiratorially into his ear.
4) 19) dialog: I bet you could make a really nice one with that paper folding... thing... you do. Kubo realizes what she’s getting at. His eye darts this w and that as his mind fills with the possibilities.
4) 20) dialog: Y’see? Not just a pretty face, huh? She grins broadly and gives him a friendly nudge.
4) 21) dialog: Now hurry along! Go! There’s still time before dark! Go! Get out of here. Smiling excitedly, Kubo runs away through the crowd, paus only to wave at the old woman.
27) 4) dialog: Kubo? Is that you? The voice surprises him. He turns around. From somewhere across the other side of the main street, soot-stained face peeks out from the charred ruin of a ho It is Kameyo, and she watches the unfolding scene with wi eyes. Behind Kameyo are Hosato with Mari, and other familiar fa looking at him with awestruck curiosity.
30) 6) dialog: I’1l tell him. No, we’ll all tell him. We’1l tell him everything he needs to know. As Kubo watches, the old woman approaches the old man, wa at first, as if testing the water.
30) 7) dialog: You... are the kindest, sweetest man to ever live in this village. The old man seems surprised.
30) 11) dialog: Yes! Other villagers around her are starting to get the idea.
30) 13) dialog: And old women!
30) 23) dialog: You know, we have something in common. We both adore your grandson. She gestures to Kubo.
30) 26) dialog: His name is Kubo.
30) 28) dialog: Well, your grandson’s a storyteller. He’1ll tell you all the stories you’ve forgotten.