1) 10) text: A serious monkey. Staring right at us. Fixed expression. That’s because this monkey is actually a carved wooden ch also known as a netsuke, standing about four inches high. Next to it a young boy, perhaps ten years old, sleeps on thin mat on the floor. He is curled up within a robe emblazoned with the crest of a beetle, just like the one saw on the bag earlier. The boy rolls over, revealing his left eye is covered in patch. He is the baby from the prologue, grown into a wir youth, with thick black hair tugged into a messy topknot. is our hero. KUBO.
1) 11) text: INT. KUBO’S CAVE - EARLY MORNING (PRE DAWN) Kubo gets up and begins to tidy up the place, picking up dozens of strewn pieces of paper that inexplicably litter ground. The paper is creased and wrinkled as if it has be repeatedly folded and unfolded. He smooths each sheet out then stacks it and places it back on a shelf. +e * HF By the light of the full moon outside, Kubo walks to a li kitchen area and strikes a flint, starting a fire.
1) 12) text: He gracefully pours and heats a pot of water, preparing b rice and tea for two place settings on the ground. * He then turns to regard a sleeping woman, lying on a mat the corner of the cave, barely noticeable in the dark. Th folds of her gown move gently as she sleeps. Kubo steps over and kneels down by her side, and we see t is the same woman from our prologue, only now she seems o and paler. Her face is creased and wrinkled like the crum paper scattered around her, and her long black hair is streaked with silvery grey. She is Kubo’s MOTHER. Kubo watches her for a moment, then gathers himself and extends a hand to gently push her hair out of her face. Her eyes flutter open. She sees Kubo, kneeling there, and gives her a small smile. An unspoken “good morning.” * Kubo helps her up and to the mat where the rice and tea a waiting, her movements are slow and feeble. * INT. DINING AREA KUBO’S CAVE - EARLY MORNING
1) 14) text: Kubo serves his mother rice, even blowing on it to cool i for her. His Mother eats just a little. A bit of rice falls onto h chin. Kubo uses his chopsticks to gently put the grains of rice back into her mouth. There is clearly something wrong wit his mother. * INT. ENTRANCE KUBO’S CAVE - EARLY MORNING * Kubo walks his mother over and she kneels on a mat in the shadow of the cave entrance, staring down at the angry wh crests of the waves. Kubo sits beside her. He works intently, folding those sh of paper he stacked earlier into an assortment of origami figures. There is a tiger, a deer, and a snake, each as impressive the next. His nimble hands make swift and expert work of It’s kind of incredible.
1) 15) text: Kubo leans forward, grinning from ear to ear as he plays a paper samurai, showing it to his unresponsive mother. * But then Kubo stops, and gets closer to lean on his mothe shoulder as the sun rises. * A BELL CHIMES in the distance, triggering him instantly i action. As the orange light of dawn begins to fill the cave, he * hurries over to where the shamisen leans against the wall scoops it up with one hand. He grabs the netsuke and all origami figures, hastily packs them into his bag and it o his shoulder. * Before he leaves he notices a strand of hair has fallen i front of his mother’s face. He gently reaches out and pus it back into place. Kubo looks at his mother’s staring empty eyes and rests h hand on her shoulder for a moment before running off. *
2) 0) text: Kubo scrambles down the rocky path with practiced ease, h shamisen occasionally smacking against his hip with a dul harmonic BUMP, like when you jostle a guitar. In the distance a cluster of buildings peek out from behi brightly ornate gateway. Kubo plays with his origami samu as he walks. * Kubo continues along the path over a bridge into the vill to a hubbub of activity beyond -- *
3) 0) text: It’s later in the morning and the main thoroughfare has become a vibrant pageant of peasantry and peddlers celebrating the second day of the Obon Festival. - A puppeteer operates an elaborate dragon marionette ove the heads of SQUEALING CHILDREN. - FISHERMEN proudly waggle their pungent produce. Crustac crawl over each other in open crates. - A PATIENT DAD AND HIS YOUNG DAUGHTER browse the lantern being crafted by skilled artisans. -HIGH CLASS LADIES barter and haggle for the most fashion festival garments. - MERCHANTS pitch their wares to VILLAGERS from dusty car - MEN gamble on elaborate tile games. Two old curmudgeons in stony-faced contemplation over a chess-like game of Sh And lining the street is the feudal Japanese equivalent o the Venice Beach boardwalk. A row of BEGGARS and STREET PERFORMERS, competing for coins, handouts, and attention: - A hunched beggar woman, KAMEYO sits in the street, with bowl in front of her. She smiles warmly when she sees Kubo walking toward her. miraculously straightens up and seems much less woeful.
3) 4) dialog: How is it today?
3) 8) dialog: Oh, you know. The usual.
3) 10) dialog: Of course.
3) 12) dialog: The chicken again?
3) 15) dialog: (LAUGHS )
3) 18) text: Kubo stands to leave, but the old woman has one more thin
3) 20) dialog: 
3) 22) dialog: 
3) 26) dialog: 
3) 32) text: And by this point, there’s really no more need for Kubo t shout. The entire crowd has fallen still and silent. He points to a woman and WHISPERS dramatically.
3) 33) dialog: Then our hero will surely perish! He suddenly shifts into a dramatic pose, plucking his shamisen like a rock star. He strums a simple theme, and red blur shoots from his pack, somersaulting the full len of the circle before landing at Kubo’s feet. The crowd CHEERS at the appearance of this origami hero. Kubo puts up a hand to silence them again, and continues:
3) 34) dialog: Hanzo was a mighty samurai. But he was alone; his family taken from him, his kingdom in ruins, and his army destroyed by the dreaded Moon King! You may recall, Hanzo was roaming the distant Farlands in search of a magical suit of armor; the only weapon in the whole world that could protect him from the power of the Moon King. This armor was made up of three pieces. The first... Kubo pauses waiting for the audience to participate and s suddenly, pointing to a group of children. HASHI is stand behind them, pushes his way through to answer.
3) 36) dialog: The second...?
3) 41) dialog: And finally, the third weapon, the final piece of the armor...
3) 44) dialog: Before Hanzo could claim the armor and unite the pieces to reveal their true power, he was attacked by the Moon King’s beasts! Kubo plucks a dissonant chord and spins suddenly. A sheet of paper shoots up, folding in mid air, transform into a monstrous spider. The spider creature springs forward and Hanzo charges to it, slashing at its legs with his little paper sword. The crowd cheers.
3) 52) dialog: Hanzo was filled with rage, his soul tormented by the grief of a family stolen from him... Kubo begins playing a more ominous tune and paper creeps of his pack, folding as it rises into the air, forming th dark silhouette of the Moon King. There’s a gravitas to Kubo as he continues.
3) 55) dialog: At last, our hero was face to face with his nemesis, The Moon King! The two paper figures fly up in the air at each other poi for battle, then as they reach fighting distance...
3) 57) dialog: (smiling brightly) So be sure to come back tomorrow! He hurriedly gathers up his belongings and collected coin the crowd behind him realize that’s all they’re going to today. They give a MURMUR of disappointment.
3) 59) text: INT. ENTRANCE KUBO’S CAVE - EVENING Just as the bell finishes chiming, Kubo arrives breathles at the entrance to the cave, to find his mother still sit there like she hasn’t moved at all. He smiles gently and sits next to her. They both stare ou at the setting sun, sinking down behind the ocean. The la rays creep down their faces until shadow covers them completely. Then, Mother slowly blinks awake.
3) 62) dialog: Yes, Mother, I’m here. Kubo smiles softly and takes her by the hand. She smiles him.
3) 65) dialog: Hungry? She smiles and nods. INT. DINING AREA KUBO’S CAVE - EVENING CLOSE ON A BOWL.
3) 68) dialog: His fortress?! The Beetle Clan Castle?!!
3) 70) dialog: And then what happened? When he got to the castle?
3) 72) dialog: Hanzo, my father. She is genuinely confused.
3) 76) dialog: Mother, what was father like?
3) 78) dialog: No. What was he really like? When he wasn’t fighting... when he was with us. She pauses, caught off guard, then smiles softly. For the first time, she seems really lucid.
3) 80) dialog: Like me?
3) 82) dialog: Ugh, Moth-er!
3) 86) text: Kubo hesitates, wondering if he should ask the next quest
3) 87) dialog: Did the Moon King--
3) 89) dialog: Did Grandfather and your sisters really kill my father? It can’t be true, can it? They’re family! His mother is now deadly serious and grabs Kubo’s shoulde
3) 93) dialog: Keep you with me at all times, Mr. Monkey.
3) 95) dialog: And keep father’s robe on my back at all times.
3) 100) dialog: Yes, Mr. Monkey
3) 102) dialog: Bedtime. Kubo walks her over to her mat and lays her down. She loo up at him, innocent as a child. He sits for a moment longer, watching as his mother drift off to sleep, and then he blows out the candle. FADE TO BLACK. A beat, and then: (0700 MON) MOTHER’S NIGHTMARE INT. KUBO’S CAVE - NIGHT A SKITTERING sound. Kubo’s origami paper starts flying of the cave shelf over Kubo, lying fast asleep. Kubo blinks his bleary eye. Sits up. CUT WIDE to reveal the roof of the cave is swimming with origami. A constellation of paper bodies, magically twist and animating all around him in the air. He looks over to see his mother on her mat, tossing and MUMBLING in her sleep, clearly in the midst of an intense dream. Suddenly awake, he runs to his mother.
3) 105) dialog: Mother, wake up! You’re dreaming.
3) 108) dialog: Yes, Mother. I’m here. This seems to comfort her. A confused look comes across h face.
4) 0) text: We see the market square is once again bustling with activity. Everyone wears their finest clothes and the buildings all around have been decorated with colorful Japanese lamps. The Festival is underway. Many of the village women are participating in an elabora line dance made up of sweeping movements and subtle gestu They weave and skip past camera, revealing a busy festiva scene. Kubo stands watching all of this. He rubs his eye and YAW
4) 10) dialog: Really? Did you speak to someone?
4) 15) dialog: Very much!
4) 17) dialog: Don’t I need a lamp?
5) 0) text: Carrying his bag and lamp, Kubo emerges from a wooded roa that opens onto a serene cemetery beside a river. Replete with beautiful plants and flowers, there’s nothing macabr about this peaceful place. Dozens of families are gathered among the grave markers, setting up lamps and altars. Nearby, a HOSATO is teaching MARI.
5) 12) dialog: Hello, father. (then) I hope you’re well. Uh. I mean, I know you’re dead, but I hope everything is... okay... Kubo thinks about that opening for a moment. He hates everything that just came out of his mouth. He starts ove raising his arms and gesturing to his baggy robe.
5) 13) dialog: Look. It’s your robe! Mother says I‘1l grow into it. (after a moment) She says you were a great leader who died protecting me. (MORE )
5) 17) dialog: Saving one of my eyes. Two would've been ideal, but... thanks anyway. He smiles to indicate he is joking again, and then feels immediately wretched. He decides to get right to the poin
5) 18) dialog: Father, I’m worried about mother. With every day that goes by, she drifts further away. She talks a lot about you, but... but I just don’t know. I don’t think she remembers what’s real anymore. I don’t know what’s real anymore...
5) 19) dialog: I just wish you were here. So I could... could talk to you... see you... find out what I should do. Kubo’s prayer is interrupted by a gleeful SHOUT.
5) 24) dialog: Father? Hellooo? He purses his lips. Folds his arms impatiently.
5) 25) dialog: Any time. The family then brings their lit lantern down to the rive placing it in the water and watching it float out to sea.
5) 27) text: Time passes... Still Kubo’s lamp remains steadfastly unlit. The cemetery practically deserted by now. Behind Kubo in the river, do of lit lamps are slowly floating out to sea as the villag bell begins RINGING out the fall of night. Kubo just stands there defiantly. He glares at his altar, patience spent. He grabs his unlit lamp and crumples it u tossing it angrily to the ground.
5) 28) dialog: Fine! I don’t need you anyway! The sun sets behind the mountains. INT. DINING AREA KUBO’S CAVE - EVENING Kubo’s Mother’s eyes snap open.
6) 0) text: The bell stops RINGING, and Kubo has a change of heart. H contorted face softens and he reaches down to scoop up th broken lamp. Feeling vile and foolish he does his best to unfold and smooth out the paper.
6) 1) dialog: (softly) I... I’m sorry.
6) 2) text: EXT. CEMETERY - WOODS OUTSIDE KUBO’S VILLAGE Instantly, all along the river, each and every lamp is silently extinguished. Wisps of smoke curl from the charred wicks, joined by a seeping fog that rolls across the surface of the river fr the far bank. This cheerful place has become dark and eer
6) 8) dialog: Who are you? How do you know my name?
6) 11) text: The sisters GIGGLE as they watch him bolt along the path toward the village, then one of the Sisters leisurely bri her long pipe up to the mouth hole of her mask and takes deep puff. The smoke she exhales twists and coalesces into horrible shapes that grow and move of their own accord. They are t DEMONS OF THE PIPE, and they’re after Kubo. Kubo tears up the path leading back to the village, SHOUT at the top of his lungs.
6) 12) dialog: 
7) 0) text: Kubo staggers through the gate, leaning against it as he finds his breath. He goes to YELL, but his warnings are swallowed up by SHRIEKING EXPLOSIONS of fireworks as the festival ends in noisy celebration.
7) 1) dialog: 
8) 0) text: Kubo runs for his life up the long path towards his cave. Breath coming in fevered GASPS, he risks a look over his shoulder. His village is ablaze, consumed in that terrible smoke, tendrils of which are slithering up the hill in his direction. Kubo stumbles and falls, and before he can scramble back his feet he is surrounded by the demons.
8) 5) dialog: 
8) 6) dialog: 
9) 2) dialog: Kubo stares at the monkey, blinking. He immediately shuff backward through snow.
9) 15) text: EXT. GLACIER’S EDGE - DUSK Monkey and Kubo stand in the snow, staring at something.
10) 0) text: Night has long since fallen, and they've made camp inside whale’s belly, lit by a shaft of moonlight and a small fi Kubo looks less than thrilled as he huddles amidst frozen innards. With a knitted brow, Kubo sits and watches Monkey as she tends to a large conch shell balanced over a small cookin fire. She uses a splinter of bone to stir at a cloudy liq simmering inside.
10) 2) dialog: Who- She holds up three fingers.
10) 4) dialog: I think I have more.
10) 8) dialog: Why only three? She holds up one finger.
10) 10) dialog: What?! I don’t understand what’s * happening. Who are you?!
10) 12) dialog: But you were a wooden charm! (gesturing) You were this big! He scowls suspiciously.
10) 13) dialog: I called that charm Mr. Monkey.
10) 17) dialog: It smells.
10) 19) dialog: I don’t want it. Monkey moves in closer.
10) 21) dialog: You're a mean monkey, aren’t you?
10) 23) dialog: It’s too hot. A little annoyed, Monkey takes the conch from Kubo. Blows it pointedly. Hands it back to him.
10) 25) dialog: Oh, excuse me. Kubo takes another sip, deliberately SLURPING louder, and Monkey full on glares at him. Daggers.
10) 30) dialog: What are we going to do? Monkey is silent for a second.
10) 32) dialog: So it’s real. Really real. Monkey nods. 29/92
10) 33) text: Kubo notices a strand of hair from his mother on his robe picks it off. Monkey crosses over to Kubo and tries to gr it. He instinctively jerks away. Monkey holds her hand out.
10) 35) dialog: I pulled that from her head. I didn’t mean to. Monkey nimbly twists and knots the hair into a beautiful woven bracelet.
10) 38) text: She begins tying it around Kubo’s wrist and looks right i his eye. She crosses to the other side of the fire as Kubo stares the woven hair. They sit there, silent silhouettes, shadows flickering of the sides of their strange shelter.
10) 39) dialog: One more question? Monkey shakes her head, admiring Kubo’s guts.
10) 41) dialog: Do you know where it is? The armor? Monkey pokes at the fire with a splinter of whalebone.
10) 44) dialog: (softly) Good night, Monkey. Monkey watches him for a moment, her stern face finally softening now that Kubo can’t see her. FADE TO BLACK.
11) 0) text: Kubo’s eye blinks open to see Monkey through the first strains of sunlight, filtering in through the blow hole.
11) 6) dialog: Ow! Back home in the cave, it was * my mother’s dreams that did this. And the paper always unfolded itself by morning. They both look over as Little Hanzo climbs on top of Kubo bag and strikes a regal pose, pointing his sword in the direction of the blow hole.
11) 9) text: Kubo moves the origami again, so he’s pointing away from blow hole. And again, Little Hanzo immediately moves back into his previous position, pointing his sword in the * direction of the blow hole. *
11) 10) dialog: 
11) 11) text: What are you doing? Little Hanzo gives Kubo the origami equivalent of an exasperated glance, then points his sword at Kubo, and th towards the blow hole again. He then GESTURES impatiently with his sword, as if to say, “Come on already, let’s go! +e % Kubo and Monkey share a glance, realizing what this means
11) 14) dialog: I guess this is how my father answered me. Monkey takes a breath.
12) 0) text: Little Hanzo remains perched on Kubo’s shamisen, pointing way beyond the glacier’s broken edge. The ground rises an rolls through a series of foothills stepping up to a mountainous wall of cliffs, upon which snow blazes bright the midday sun. Kubo looks up at the sound of melodic CHIRPING above him spies a bird, fluttering overhead. * Kubo has never seen anything quite like it and lags behin taking up his shamisen. As Kubo plucks the strings, a few sheets of paper spring out of his bag, folding themselves into a paper duplicate the live bird, which soars up to greet its twin. * Kubo gives a joyous LAUGH that makes Monkey stop in her tracks. She turns, scowling, only to see the boy skipping GIGGLING through the snow as he plays his shamisen. A contented child, concerns momentarily forgotten. She sits down to watch, allowing him this moment of relie Exhilarated, Kubo plays faster on his instrument, and mor paper shoots out of his bag, spiraling up and forming a glorious cloud of paper birds in the sky. Startled, the b darts away into the clouds. Kubo’s birds fly and frolic at his command, glittering in sunlight, pirouetting through the air in a dazzling dance paper wings.
12) 2) text: Kubo is thrilled, and from her perch across the way, Monk is also mesmerized. Kubo falls on his back, CACKLING, facing up into the brig blue sky as his magnificent flock flutters overhead. And then Monkey’s face is looking down on him. Serious, o course, but also a little curious.
12) 6) dialog: Monkey, do you ever say anything encouraging?
12) 8) dialog: (Mocking under his breath) I encourage you not to die. As Kubo follows Monkey, something spies on them from behi nearby rock. Something big and spiky with freakish claws. gaze seems to be fixed on Hanzo Origami. Unaware, Kubo is hatching a mischievous idea. As he walks behind Monkey he delicately PLUCKS the strings on his shamisen, and one of his paper birds stealthily breaks aw from the flock and dives down from the sky, nipping Monke playfully on her backside. Monkey whirls around, searching for the culprit. But the has already soared up and into the clouds again.
12) 10) text: Monkey gives Kubo a suspicious look. Kubo stares back innocently. Swats his neck as if killing a bug.
12) 11) dialog: Mosquitos. Annoying. With no evidence to convict, Monkey turns back around. But now Kubo notices that, unbidden by him, more birds ar swooping down for a second assault on Monkey, and as they dive down they reform into three huge paper mosquitos. They're already circling Monkey, but just as they get clo enough to strike, Monkey springs into action. Without tur around, she shoots out an arm and snatches the first mosquito, grabs the second with her foot and launches int amazing back flip to finish off the third. She approaches Kubo, smoothing out the crumpled paper.
12) 12) dialog: Wasn’t me. I swear. She returns the paper to Kubo’s bag.
12) 14) dialog: I didn’t ask them to do that. (mutters ) The second time. Monkey gives Kubo a skeptical look.
12) 15) dialog: I didn’t. At least, not exactly. I mean, I felt it, but...
13) 0) text: Fragmented remnants of colossal statues that once guarded cliffs litter the landscape, dwarfing Monkey and Kubo as approach, Monkey endlessly lecturing. Enormous heads peek of snowdrifts. Ancient broken limbs reach among the rocks
13) 2) dialog: How do you know? Maybe it is. And I’m the valiant hero. And you’re the mean monkey. Her back to him, Monkey just continues walking.
13) 4) dialog: 
14) 2) text: Spotting Kubo and kidnapper in the distance, she takes of again, a breakneck pursuit through a dank, crumbling labyrinth that hasn’t heard footfalls for hundreds of yea Eventually, Monkey turns a corner and skids to a sudden s INT. BEETLE’S CAMP - CONTINUOUS Crouching in front of her is the creature. Part giant bee part human, shell mimicking the silhouette of samurai arm Monkey gives a furious ROAR and rushes toward the creatur
14) 3) dialog: 
14) 5) dialog: He wasn’t trying to hurt me. He just wanted... Hanzo. Kubo motions down to the beetle and it becomes clear the creature was not crouching low to fight, but to get a bet look at Little Hanzo, there on the ground.
14) 8) dialog: Why must you always assume the worst?
14) 13) dialog: What? What did you say? For the first time, Beetle appears to register Kubo and Monkey’s presence. He looks up at them, and there’s somet a little unhinged about his eyes.
14) 22) dialog: You used to be a man?
14) 30) dialog: Monkey! Can I tell him?
14) 38) dialog: Hanzo was my father.
14) 40) dialog: Beetle’s eyes are wide.
14) 45) dialog: Wow. You will?
14) 50) dialog: Monkey, you said it yourself, our quest is a difficult one. A samurai, even a cursed one with no memory that looks like a bug, could be helpful.
14) 55) dialog: Well, that’s kind of a long story.
14) 64) dialog: Yes! I kept her in my pocket. She was only, like, this big...
14) 66) dialog: Tiny. And she was called Mr. Monkey.
15) 0) text: In a confusion of limbs and SCREAMS they hit solid ground A beat, and then Kubo and Monkey slowly begin to extricat themselves from a heap on the ground. Kubo hears a series of GRUNTS behind him. Beetle is lying his back, rocking back and forth on his carapace like a stranded turtle in a futile effort to get back on his fee
15) 8) dialog: The Sword Unbreakable! Kubo steps forward towards the hand, but Monkey reaches o and holds him back. *
15) 29) dialog: Look! Kubo points, as the Odokuro SCREAMS and the flames in his eyes explode with fury, fully illuminating his head. For first time, everyone sees his ghoulish crown: dozens of swords lodged Excalibur-style in his skull.
15) 36) text: Odokuro stomps its giant feet down, narrowly missing Kubo Beetle draws back his bow and challenges the creature. The paper birds dive and swoop and Odokuro SHRIEKS with frustration, swiping and swatting at them. Odokuro waves his arms, swatting birds out of the air. He flails madly, dancing back and forth across the temple fl Kubo is in danger of being crushed by Odokuro’s stomping feet, but Beetle throws himself through the air, covering Kubo as the Odokuro’s foot comes down.
15) 38) dialog: You can fly?!
15) 45) text: And suddenly Odokuro’s skeletal hand obliges, snatching h up in its bony fingers, leaving Kubo alone upon the creature’s skull.
15) 48) dialog: Monkey! Kubo’s robe rips fully and he falls towards the ground fa below.
15) 54) text: Kubo’s smile of satisfaction quickly fades as he realizes monster is literally crumbling beneath his feet, and he’s really long way up... In a rain of broken bones that CRASH to the ground, our heroes topple helplessly down.
16) 0) text: Beetle, carrying Monkey and Kubo, flies out of the Hall o Bones and crash lands on the beach below. Beetle lies on his side as Monkey squats behind him, slap mud and leaves onto his wounded wings as a bandage. Littl Hanzo sits on the horned crest of his helmet, swaying eve time Beetle winces. They are on the shore of a vast lake that stretches so fa into the distance that it’s hard to pick out the horizon the sky. All around, great barnacle-encrusted driftwood wrecks tell tales of feckless fishermen dashed against th rocks.
16) 10) dialog: We did it, Beetle! We got the sword! Monkey eyes him sidelong as she finishes dressing Beetle’ wounds.
16) 15) dialog: Are you two going to fight again?
16) 17) dialog: You're going to fight again.
16) 27) dialog: I can still hear you, y’know.
16) 66) dialog: Okay, now you two are being weird.
16) 75) dialog: I’ve never had a meal sitting between anyone before. Monkey’s face softens.
16) 78) dialog: Well, I looked after my mother, mostly. And I told stories. About mighty warriors seeking revenge, with battles and monsters and magic. I was pretty good at telling them. Not so good at ending them. There’s silence for a moment and Kubo seems lost in recollection.
16) 79) dialog: Sometimes I would tell my mother stories about little things. Like skimming rocks across the river. Or catching fireflies in the mulberry fields. Both Monkey and Beetle have stopped eating and listen intently as Kubo goes on, his voice quieter.
16) 82) dialog: And when I told those stories I could see her eyes were mostly clear. I could tell she saw me, really saw me. And I could see her too. Her real self. Her spirit. Trying to find its way out. It was beautiful. Monkey & Beetle look at each other, not quite sure how to respond to this. Finally, it is Beetle who offers...
16) 85) dialog: The second piece of armor!
16) 91) dialog: Beetle, wait!
16) 96) dialog: No, Beetle. My mother told me a * story about the Long Lake. There’s * something under the water. *
16) 98) dialog: She said there was a Garden of Eyes. Eyes that stare into you. Into your soul. They show you secrets, things to keep you down there with them... forever! Beetle and Monkey stare at him a moment. Beetle resumes h swagger, a little hesitantly.
17) 0) text: A tiny fragment of cloth flutters in the wind, obscured b squall of snow. We ANGLE DOWN to follow its erratic path, revealing where we are -- It’s the same spot where Kubo and Monkey first crash-land The scrap of cloth is abruptly speared by a metal spike attached to a long chain. At the other end of it are the sisters, drifting through the blizzard. A Sister winds in the scrap of Kubo’s robe and nods.
17) 3) text: EXT. KUBO’S SAIL BOAT - THE LONG LAKE - NIGHT Rain is pouring down now, building into a full blown stor Kubo stares down at the water while Monkey stares up at t moon, barely visible behind the RUMBLING clouds. Both are clearly concerned.
17) 4) dialog: (shouting) MONKEY, I THINK HE’S IN TROUBLE. WE *
17) 9) text: There’s a SPLASH of water behind her, and when she turns around Kubo has vanished.
17) 14) text: Kubo swims through columns of kelp and schools of flittin fish. They scatter as lightning FLASHES far above. An unnatural light, glowing between the inky strands, bec Kubo deeper. He pushes his way through the kelp and there, suspended i the sea, is the second piece of armor! A golden, shimmeri breastplate, unmoved by the current; a white hot beacon i the black abyss. Kubo swims faster, reaching out for the breastplate. He t slides his body into it, the armor magically shrinking to him.
17) 18) text: He turns to swim back to the surface, but as he does, a second, more sinister glow glints off the breastplate. It’s a giant, luminous eye atop a serpentine stalk that undulates with a thousand legs. Before he can stop himself, Kubo is staring directly into His eye widens. His limbs fall limp by his side. He is transfixed. The sea creature’s body slithers closer and its dreadful open to embrace him.
17) 39) text: The Ningen drags Kubo down deeper and deeper into the wat its eerie light illuminating Kubo’s face while indecipher WHISPERS chatter through the gloom. As they descend, the light reveals a massive form beneath them; a giant mouth, rimmed with thousands of razor sharp teeth, surrounded by dozens more of those staring eyes. WHISH! An arrow punctures the glowing eye, and the lake i filled with SCREAMS as Beetle appears through the water. follows up with a volley of arrows, spearing one eyeball after another. Kubo is suddenly released from the Sea Creature’s grasp, blinks himself awake, but he’s out of air and fading fast With a last exhalation of bubbles, his eye rolls back in head. Beetle sees this and swims towards Kubo. EXT. KUBO’S SAIL BOAT - THE LONG LAKE - RAGING STORM The boat is in shambles now, torn into little more than stepping stones for Monkey and the Sister as they fight.
17) 51) text: Beetle is just a few feet from the surface, dragging the unconscious Kubo when he sees the Sister’s cracked mask s down past him, disappearing into the darkness of the wate
17) 60) dialog: I saw...
17) 62) dialog: I saw...Mother.
18) 0) text: The storm has finally come to an end as Kubo’s boat calml reaches the shore of the Long Lake.
19) 0) text: Kubo, and Beetle sit around a campfire, their attention i fixed on Monkey as she fusses around the cave, trying to avoid eye contact. After a while the weight of their collective gaze provoke response.
19) 2) dialog: Why- *
19) 5) dialog: Tell us your story. Then we can sleep. Please? Hearing this last word, Monkey hesitates. She smiles and relents, shaking her head in defeat as she knuckles close
19) 7) dialog: Mother?
19) 11) dialog: Oh. Right. He begins plucking the shamisen strings again, and a deli tune begins to play. Immediately all around the cave, pebbles and twigs and fi bones and stalactites all begin to tremble and move. Just like when the sail boat formed, they dance and weave thro the air to illustrate her story, becoming a kind of makes planetarium depicting the night sky.
19) 14) dialog: Beetle! Shhh! The tableau Hanzo faces Mother, sword drawn. She falls up him with her own sword, robe and hair writhing about her.
19) 24) text: Kubo looks at the shredded paper in front of him.
19) 25) dialog: Why does Grandfather hate me? Monkey strokes her hand through his hair.
19) 27) dialog: I’ll never be like him! Never! *
20) 0) text: Kubo is lying in long grass beside a river similar to the at the cemetery near his home. Somewhere close by, the plucked notes of a shamisen are playing a BEAUTIFUL SONG. Kubo sits up and looks around and sees a figure next to h It appears to be a sweet old man with a smile on his face plays a shamisen.
20) 2) dialog: But how did you..? You're...
20) 4) dialog: Twice as much. To be precise.
20) 6) dialog: This is all a dream. (wary) Is this a good dream or a bad one?
20) 8) dialog: My father’s fortress.
20) 11) text: The tableau continues to shift before Kubo’s eye, dissolv into rows of SAMURAI wearing the beetle crest on their ar standing frozen like statues. They are guarding a dazzlin golden helmet, floating in the air.
20) 12) dialog: The last piece of armor! It’s here?
20) 14) dialog: Mother! Beetle! Wake up!
20) 20) dialog: The Helmet. I know where it is. I saw it in a dream, Beetle!
20) 26) dialog: Beetle, Come on! This way! Kubo picks up Little Hanzo and pops him into his bag, fastening the flap over the top as he slings it over his shoulder. Kubo motions to the others. Beetle and Monkey exchange curious glances and follow him.
22) 1) dialog: I spy with my one eye, something beginning with... “S.”
22) 3) dialog: No.
22) 7) dialog: No.
22) 14) dialog: It’s a song.
22) 16) dialog: You look. Above them a hundred-strong flock of birds glide beneath canopy of cloud. They look like herons but glow with a magical blue light and sing a symphonic version of the so from Kubo’s own dream.
22) 21) dialog: It's beautiful. *
24) 0) text: Kubo slides open a door into a room overflowing with pape scrolls, and maps.
24) 3) dialog: This was where my father prepared for his quest. Our heroes walk through it, gazing around in wonder at th various memories of their journey. Monkey examines up a p of paper with an image of the Helmet on it. Kubo spies a stand of intricately printed screens in fron a doorway across the room. Upon one of them is an illustration of an amazing golden helmet, just as in Kubo dream! The sweeping lines of the helm curve around an ele war mask that mimics the facial features of Hanzo. Kubo excitedly pushes through the screens.
25) 0) text: Moonlight seeps through a tangle of high bamboo growing o of the ragged remains of a once grand courtyard. Kubo run out across a floor strewn by the broken remnants of hundr of pieces of ornate samurai armor.
25) 30) text: The Sister's assault is relentless, and Monkey’s wound is hampering her defense. Slowly but surely the Sister is gaining the upper hand. She rains down blow after blow, forcing the sword from Monkey's hand, LAUGHING as she gains the advantage. Nearby, Kubo begins to come to, groggy and disoriented. H suddenly CRIES out...
25) 31) dialog: Mother! Monkey sees Kubo and crawls towards him. And then, as the Sister floats into the air preparing to deliver a fatal blow, a rusted sword spins at her, knocki her to the ground. The projectile came from Beetle, and he grabs more swords from the pile of armor around him. Beetle runs to where Kubo is comforting Monkey.
25) 32) dialog: Shhh...it’s okay. I’m here. Kubo looks up to Beetle.
25) 33) dialog: Father!
26) 0) text: DISSOLVE THROUGH to find Kubo on hands and knees, blinkin his eye as he tries to get his bearings. Around him are pieces of the Sister’s broken mask. In fro of him lies the netsuke statue. It is broken in half. Beetle’s broken bow lies next to him. Out of silence we gradually become aware of the slight bu steady PLUCKING of a string. Dull. Empty.
27) 3) text: Kubo‘s new wings fly him across the landscape and land hi central avenue near the bell tower. Kubo struggles to his feet and stares up at the bell. Kubo steps over to the blackened wooden scaffold of the b tower. It’s quiet enough to hear his footsteps CRUNCH as walks. And then, face determined, he starts hitting the broken tower until it crashes down with the bell. Kubo reaches in the rubble and frees the helmet.
27) 5) dialog: You have to leave this place. The Moon King, he is coming. The survivors see the look on his face and don’t ask questions. They hurry through the market place toward the gate out of town. Kubo waits a moment for them to leave, puts on the helmet then takes a deep breath. His hand tightens its grip on t sword hilt, and he looks up at the full moon hanging ominously in the sky. Unblinking.
27) 6) dialog: GRANDFATHER! IT’S ME! KUBO! I KNOW
27) 10) text: GRANDFATHER (CONT’D) And I see you found the armor. Seems your mother had a reason to bring you to this dreadful place after all. Kubo throws the rock at Grandfather. Grandfather’s hand snatches the rock out of the air as it comes at him. GRANDFATHER (CONT’D) I see. His face still placid, he calmly squeezes up his fist and crushes the projectile to dust.
27) 11) dialog: I know you do. That’s how this all began. You finally saw me. That was my fault. I should have listened to my parents.
27) 13) dialog: You want to take my other eye. That’s what you want.
27) 15) dialog: Because you’re old, and mean, and cruel. He takes a breath and smiles affably.
27) 20) dialog: My family is gone. You killed them.
27) 22) dialog: That’s how your story goes.
27) 24) dialog: No, you're wrong. Not infinite. All stories have an end. Grandfather narrows his eyes. We get the sense he will on play this game so long. He’s starting to look a little pa and more... wrinkly... than before. Grandfather’s skin is slowly taking on the appearance of a milky cataract-like shell. Cracks on his face splinter across the surface lik shattered glass.
27) 26) dialog: I kill you! Kubo raises up his sword, ready for battle.
28) 0) text: Grandfather throws open his arms and his entire body brea apart like a cocoon. We see the blur of a hideous head trailing a long serpentine body as it launches a hundred into the air. Seeming smaller than ever, Kubo stands ther looking up at this towering beast. The Moon Beast LAUGHS, shaking the very foundation of the devastated village. Kubo YELLS, and runs at the beast, sword held high. It lunges down at him, fangs bared. Kubo leaps, spinning its head and slashing at its pearly white flesh. The swor connects with a flash of sparks, like metal on metal. The beast recoils, but whether it’s out of pain or surpri is not immediately clear. Kubo is upon it again, a dazzli barrage of blows forcing the monster further back. Gaining the advantage, Kubo lunges with his sword, slicin deep into the creature's vast white eye. The beast ROARS thrashes, its enormous tail decimating a scorched buildin behind it. Furious, the beast twists around and comes at Kubo. He du through a charred doorway and somersaults out of a window the creature bulldozing the entire building behind him. Kubo jumps and weaves as the monster lashes out. Each tim evades its claws or maw, he scores a hit with his sword. The beast relentlessly pursues him through the blackened shells of ruined homes. Despite his agility and tenacity, Kubo is running out of breath. It seems he’s fighting a losing battle. Exhausted, he stumbles, and the beast’s jaws lock down ar his body. The armor buckles and cracks around him, and Ku is spat out, SMASHING through the remains of a wall. Painfully, Kubo crawls back onto his feet, bruised and bloodied. The creature snaps its tail like a whip, coiling around Kubo’s body and pulling him up in front of its terrible f The spiky tip of its tail hooks under the lip of Kubo’s helmet and flips it off his head. Giant tendrils of saliva fly out of its mouth as it hisse
29) 0) text: Kubo CRASHES through branches and bushes, cartwheeling through the undergrowth leading down to the riverside cemetery outside the village. He eventually comes to a stop, barely conscious. His bag lands nearby, its contents strewn around him. In the distance we hear the Moon Beast ROAR as it smashes through the village on its way to finish Kubo off. Kubo blinks. Slowly pulls himself off the ground. He reaches out for his sword. From beneath his robe sleev the two bracelets around his wrist are exposed. His mothe hair and Beetle’s bow string. Kubo’s fingers pause over the top of the sword hilt. And withdraw. And then, as quickly as he can, he deftly begins re-strin his shamisen, using both string and hair. The Moon Beast thunders closer through the woods. Two strings in place, Kubo stares at the empty space wher the final string should go. The Moon Beast appears, and finds Kubo kneeling on the ground, shamisen in hand.
29) 4) dialog: I’m not leaving. He then reaches up and plucks out a hair from his own hea and stretches it across the shamisen. The Moon Beast CACKLES.
29) 5) dialog: For every horrible thing down here there’s something far more beautiful. My mother saw it. So did my father. I see it, even with just one eye. The Moon Beast SNARLS, no longer finding this amusing.
29) 7) dialog: 
29) 9) dialog: I know why you want my eye. Because without it I can’t look into the eyes of another and see their soul. Their love.
29) 13) dialog: No. It’s in my memories. The most powerful kind of magic there is. Kubo plucks the second string. And now, emerging from behind trees and grave markers, co the surviving villagers. They hold glowing lanterns as th march to take their place alongside Kubo. Kubo plucks the final string, producing a NOTE that echoe endlessly, and the Moon Beast stares down with an express of shock. Yet more figures are joining the ranks of Kubo’ army, but these are glowing with the same otherworldly li that we saw surrounding the blue herons. These are the spirits of the dead. He gestures to his army.
29) 14) dialog: It makes us stronger than you’1ll ever be. These are the memories of those we have loved and lost. And if we hold their stories deep in our hearts, then you will never take them away from us. Kubo stands there defiantly, looking up at the Moon Beast who has clearly heard enough. The beast rears back and strikes down at Kubo like an enormous snake. But as his fanged head lunges at Kubo’s army, it is defle by a field of blue light that has appeared around them, j like the glow that protected Mother’s boat in the prologu The Moon Beast is stunned. Shakes his head. Then he strik again. And again. Each time he is repelled by the field w keeps on growing larger and brighter.
29) 15) dialog: And that really is the least of it. With that, he brings his hand down on his shamisen, STRUM all three strings at once. The blue glow explodes, and everything is swallowed up in blinding white light.
30) 0) text: The glare slowly dissipates, and in front of Kubo now sta the sweet-faced old man from Kubo’s dream. He looks aroun confused.
30) 2) dialog: Hello, Grandfather. The old man stares at Kubo. Genuinely puzzled.
30) 4) dialog: Don’t you remember? The old man shakes his head.
30) 30) dialog: Of course.
32) 0) text: The last of the remaining villagers file back up the path Kubo assembles his new altar. On it, he places two unlit lamps, then gets to his knees, facing them. He begins speaking quietly.
32) 1) dialog: Hello, Mother. Father. I know my stories can tend to get a little, um, long. So I'll keep this brief. Kubo pauses, thinking what he wants to say.
32) 2) dialog: I am very grateful. I have had the chance to meet you both. (MORE )
32) 5) dialog: Hear your wisdom. Feel your kindness. Even eat a meal sitting between you. This was a happy story. (a beat) But...It could still be a whole lot happier. Kubo leans closer to the altar, losing some formality now
32) 6) dialog: And I don’t know exactly what the rules are or how this works. But if there were any way to... y’know. I still need you. So I could say this has been a happy story. Or I could feel it. We could all feel it. And then we could end this story... together. A beat, and then he looks up again in growing wonder as a light spills across his face.
33) 2) text: This wondrous sight is witnessed by three figures standin shadow at the river’s edge. The shortest of the figures l up into the moonlight. It is Kubo, his face still partial hidden in shadow, but we can see he’s wearing a huge smil And now we see why... Standing on either side of him, their hands resting gentl his shoulders are HANZO & MOTHER, young and resplendent. there is a “spirit glow” around them, we can’t quite see in this light. They seem as alive and tangible as Kubo himself. His eye sparkles in the moonlight as he looks up at the h soaring above the sea in the night Sky.