3) 0) text: It’s later in the morning and the main thoroughfare has become a vibrant pageant of peasantry and peddlers celebrating the second day of the Obon Festival. - A puppeteer operates an elaborate dragon marionette ove the heads of SQUEALING CHILDREN. - FISHERMEN proudly waggle their pungent produce. Crustac crawl over each other in open crates. - A PATIENT DAD AND HIS YOUNG DAUGHTER browse the lantern being crafted by skilled artisans. -HIGH CLASS LADIES barter and haggle for the most fashion festival garments. - MERCHANTS pitch their wares to VILLAGERS from dusty car - MEN gamble on elaborate tile games. Two old curmudgeons in stony-faced contemplation over a chess-like game of Sh And lining the street is the feudal Japanese equivalent o the Venice Beach boardwalk. A row of BEGGARS and STREET PERFORMERS, competing for coins, handouts, and attention: - A hunched beggar woman, KAMEYO sits in the street, with bowl in front of her. She smiles warmly when she sees Kubo walking toward her. miraculously straightens up and seems much less woeful.
3) 37) dialog: The Breastplate Imp... (struggling) Impen...
3) 40) dialog: Impen-a-truh-bubble! Yeah! The crowd LAUGHS and APPLAUDS the little girl whose cheek bloom red with pride. Kubo plucks the second string and we see an ornate breastplate form and hover next to the sword.
5) 0) text: Carrying his bag and lamp, Kubo emerges from a wooded roa that opens onto a serene cemetery beside a river. Replete with beautiful plants and flowers, there’s nothing macabr about this peaceful place. Dozens of families are gathered among the grave markers, setting up lamps and altars. Nearby, a HOSATO is teaching MARI.
5) 8) dialog: What do we do next, Daddy?
5) 10) dialog: (loudly) GRANDMA, WILL YOU PLEASE HONOR...
5) 20) dialog: Daddy! Daddy! She’s here! Grandma is here! Kubo looks over at the family to see the wick of their la suddenly burst into flame.
5) 22) dialog: Oh! But she just got here.
30) 12) dialog: (stepping forward) Every day, you walk around smiling and handing out coins to children... like me!