1) 12) text: He gracefully pours and heats a pot of water, preparing b rice and tea for two place settings on the ground. * He then turns to regard a sleeping woman, lying on a mat the corner of the cave, barely noticeable in the dark. Th folds of her gown move gently as she sleeps. Kubo steps over and kneels down by her side, and we see t is the same woman from our prologue, only now she seems o and paler. Her face is creased and wrinkled like the crum paper scattered around her, and her long black hair is streaked with silvery grey. She is Kubo’s MOTHER. Kubo watches her for a moment, then gathers himself and extends a hand to gently push her hair out of her face. Her eyes flutter open. She sees Kubo, kneeling there, and gives her a small smile. An unspoken “good morning.” * Kubo helps her up and to the mat where the rice and tea a waiting, her movements are slow and feeble. * INT. DINING AREA KUBO’S CAVE - EARLY MORNING
1) 14) text: Kubo serves his mother rice, even blowing on it to cool i for her. His Mother eats just a little. A bit of rice falls onto h chin. Kubo uses his chopsticks to gently put the grains of rice back into her mouth. There is clearly something wrong wit his mother. * INT. ENTRANCE KUBO’S CAVE - EARLY MORNING * Kubo walks his mother over and she kneels on a mat in the shadow of the cave entrance, staring down at the angry wh crests of the waves. Kubo sits beside her. He works intently, folding those sh of paper he stacked earlier into an assortment of origami figures. There is a tiger, a deer, and a snake, each as impressive the next. His nimble hands make swift and expert work of It’s kind of incredible.
1) 15) text: Kubo leans forward, grinning from ear to ear as he plays a paper samurai, showing it to his unresponsive mother. * But then Kubo stops, and gets closer to lean on his mothe shoulder as the sun rises. * A BELL CHIMES in the distance, triggering him instantly i action. As the orange light of dawn begins to fill the cave, he * hurries over to where the shamisen leans against the wall scoops it up with one hand. He grabs the netsuke and all origami figures, hastily packs them into his bag and it o his shoulder. * Before he leaves he notices a strand of hair has fallen i front of his mother’s face. He gently reaches out and pus it back into place. Kubo looks at his mother’s staring empty eyes and rests h hand on her shoulder for a moment before running off. *
3) 59) text: INT. ENTRANCE KUBO’S CAVE - EVENING Just as the bell finishes chiming, Kubo arrives breathles at the entrance to the cave, to find his mother still sit there like she hasn’t moved at all. He smiles gently and sits next to her. They both stare ou at the setting sun, sinking down behind the ocean. The la rays creep down their faces until shadow covers them completely. Then, Mother slowly blinks awake.
3) 60) dialog: (whispers) Kubo. Kubo’s Mother looks around the cave.
3) 61) dialog: Kubo.
3) 66) dialog: And even though he could barely see his own hand in front of his face, Hanzo and his army of loyal samurai pressed on through the blizzard. They've finished dinner and Kubo, the monkey, and little paper samurai sit next to each other watching his mother. moves freely now, reminding us of Kubo during his story t We can see where Kubo inherited his talents as she preten to step through the deep snow, her arm in front of her fa protecting her from imaginary winds. Kubo stares intently like a child watching his favorite s
3) 67) dialog: And suddenly, as quickly as it had started, the storm cleared before him. Hanzo breathed a sigh of relief, for he was home!
3) 69) dialog: Yes! At the very edge of the Farlands, hidden from the Moon King by powerful magic...
3) 71) dialog: When who got to the castle?
3) 75) dialog: Hanzo... Hanzo was at the castle? He... Just give me a second...I’m...no, no...its gone. I can’t...I’m sorry, Kubo. Perhaps I could recall a different story? This obviously happens a lot... her memory is deteriorati Kubo tries to play it down.
3) 77) dialog: (smiles) Oh, this one is easy. Hanzo was a mighty warrior, skilled with sword and bow...
3) 79) dialog: He was just like you. Kubo smiles.
3) 81) dialog: Strong and clever and funny. And oh so handsome! She leans over and playfully grabs his cheek. Embarrassed Kubo squirms and GIGGLES and pushes her away.
3) 83) dialog: Aw, Come on! She gets more serious.
3) 84) dialog: Never forget how much he loved you, Kubo. He died protecting us.
3) 88) dialog: Your Grandfather.
3) 90) dialog: No, they are monsters! Grandfather and my sisters stole your eye, Kubo! They must never find you again! NEVER! You must always stay hidden from the night sky, or they will find you and they’1ll take you away from me! Promise me you will never let this happen. Promise me Kubo! Kubo looks into Mother's eyes and nods timidly. She reali she has gone too far and calms a little, backing away. She has a thought and reaches down to the ground, grabbin the little monkey statue. She holds it up to Kubo and speaks in a funny voice.
3) 91) dialog: Don’t be sad Kubo. Kubooo... Kubo looks up with the hint of a grin. Sariatu continues the voice.
3) 92) dialog: Remember what you must do, Kubo? Re- mem-—ber?
3) 94) dialog: Aaand...?
3) 98) dialog: Yes Kubo. And there’s one more thing. Never, EVER, stay out after dark. She leans across and tickles Kubo with the netsuke.
3) 99) dialog: (in monkey voice) Re-mem-ber?
3) 101) dialog: Good boy. They LAUGH together, until his mother’s brow suddenly cre and she stops and yawns. It’s clear whatever lucidity was there before has gone. Kubo sees this every night, but it never gets easier.
3) 106) dialog: No... As she wakes almost instantly the paper throughout the ca rains down, unfolded and crumpled, onto the floor.
3) 107) dialog: Kubo! Kubo, is that you?
3) 109) dialog: Kubo, what happened to your eye? Kubo just looks at her sadly and she goes back to sleep. Kubo is left staring at the mess of strewn paper, just as before, and now we understand exactly how it all got ther
5) 29) dialog: Kubo!
8) 4) dialog: 
8) 7) dialog: 
8) 8) dialog: KUBO, YOU MUST FIND THE ARMOR! IT’S
10) 33) text: Kubo notices a strand of hair from his mother on his robe picks it off. Monkey crosses over to Kubo and tries to gr it. He instinctively jerks away. Monkey holds her hand out.
27) 10) text: GRANDFATHER (CONT’D) And I see you found the armor. Seems your mother had a reason to bring you to this dreadful place after all. Kubo throws the rock at Grandfather. Grandfather’s hand snatches the rock out of the air as it comes at him. GRANDFATHER (CONT’D) I see. His face still placid, he calmly squeezes up his fist and crushes the projectile to dust.
33) 2) text: This wondrous sight is witnessed by three figures standin shadow at the river’s edge. The shortest of the figures l up into the moonlight. It is Kubo, his face still partial hidden in shadow, but we can see he’s wearing a huge smil And now we see why... Standing on either side of him, their hands resting gentl his shoulders are HANZO & MOTHER, young and resplendent. there is a “spirit glow” around them, we can’t quite see in this light. They seem as alive and tangible as Kubo himself. His eye sparkles in the moonlight as he looks up at the h soaring above the sea in the night Sky.