6) 7) dialog: Little boy. What happened to your eye? Kubo takes a step backwards, sensing something is very, v wrong here. The strange woman with the hidden face LAUGHS. A horrible high-pitched sound, joined by another nightmarish GIGGLE second woman emerges from the shadows, her face also obsc by a wide-brimmed hat. This one is the other SISTER.
6) 9) dialog: We’re your family, Kubo. Your mother’s sisters. And we’ve been looking for you for so long. Kubo’s eye widens and he takes another step back. THE SISTERS (CONT’D) It is so lovely to meet you, Kubo. Face to face. As they say these words, they raise their heads in unison look up at Kubo to reveal their faces are covered by the blank features and fixed smiles of terrifying “NOH” masks THE SISTERS (CONT’D) Come, Kubo. Come to your aunties. Kubo stands frozen and horrified as they begin gliding li the mist across the river towards him. THE SISTERS (CONT’D) No reason to be afraid, Kubo. We just need your other eye. Your grandfather admires it so. Kubo runs.
6) 11) text: The sisters GIGGLE as they watch him bolt along the path toward the village, then one of the Sisters leisurely bri her long pipe up to the mouth hole of her mask and takes deep puff. The smoke she exhales twists and coalesces into horrible shapes that grow and move of their own accord. They are t DEMONS OF THE PIPE, and they’re after Kubo. Kubo tears up the path leading back to the village, SHOUT at the top of his lungs.
8) 3) dialog: We're here, Kubo. Your family has come for you. Kubo recoils in horror, but has nowhere left to run. And then a hand appears out of nowhere, pulls Kubo’s sham out of his bag and strikes the strings! The notes reverberate, rippling out through the demons li shock wave. Kubo turns to see his mother standing over him.
17) 0) text: A tiny fragment of cloth flutters in the wind, obscured b squall of snow. We ANGLE DOWN to follow its erratic path, revealing where we are -- It’s the same spot where Kubo and Monkey first crash-land The scrap of cloth is abruptly speared by a metal spike attached to a long chain. At the other end of it are the sisters, drifting through the blizzard. A Sister winds in the scrap of Kubo’s robe and nods.