21) 12) text: The angry voice belongs to JOHNNIE MARZZONE.  Shelly is  kneeling in front of the toilet, hands tied behind his ba with electrical wire. Johnnie Marzzone is a flashy young man in Armani slacks,  silk shirt and silver-tipped cowboy boots.  His tie is tu in, as if torture were a fine-dining experience. Caesar and two other men are crammed in the small bathroo
21) 13) dialog: You got nerve trying to fuck us!   Nobody fucks me!  Nobody fucks my  father!  Nobody!  Nobody!
21) 16) dialog: You hear that, bitch?  Be quiet!
21) 18) text: Caesar hands a towel to Johnnie, who stuffs it into Shell mouth.
22) 1) dialog: Prick!  I can go all night!  All  night!
23) 0) text: Mickey takes off his coat and hands it to a large man nam LOU.  He slaps Johnnie on the back.
23) 2) text: Johnnie hits Shelly once more.
23) 3) dialog: Prick.
23) 4) text: Johnnie checks his hair in the mirror, carefully.  Then h begins putting on the rings he had removed for the beatin Mickey kneels down next to Shelly's ear and motions to Lo who lifts Shelly's bound arms.
68) 0) text: There is a knock and Caesar opens the door. GINO MARZZONE is an old Italian whose face is a mask of  irritated indifference. ROY, his enormous driver, is behind him. Caesar smiles, greeting them in Italian with open arms. Johnnie is the last inside.  He has tape over his broken  nose.  He smiles and hugs Caesar.
68) 1) dialog: You shouldn't have hit me.
68) 3) dialog: No, no, Caesar.  Not now.
68) 6) dialog: You are as radiant as ever, Violet.
68) 9) dialog: I'll have whatever Violet's drinking.
68) 11) dialog: Then neither will I.
68) 14) dialog: Caesar, make that two TNTs.
70) 0) text: Caesar hands Violet and Johnnie a drink.  He stares at he She stares back.
70) 1) dialog: Salud, eh.  Roy, Violet, Pop, Caesar.
70) 2) text: Caesar watches Johnnie, suspecting everything he does. Johnnie reaches into his pocket and takes out a cellular  phone.
70) 4) dialog: Pop?
70) 8) text: Caesar sees Johnnie smiling at him, but when Gino turns, smile disappears.
72) 3) text: He looks dead at Johnnie.
72) 9) dialog: Jesus Christ, Pop.  You got two hours  until your plane leaves.
72) 10) text: Gino checks his watch, shouting in Italian.  Johnnie shou back until Gino throws up his hands, refusing to listen.
72) 13) dialog: So Caesar, what did it total out at?
72) 15) text: Johnnie whistles as Caesar pours Gino another Scotch.
72) 16) dialog: Unbelievable.  Can you believe that,  Violet?
72) 19) dialog: Come on, Pop, all I want to know is  one thing.  Just one thing after he  made such a big deal out of it.  I  bet it wasn't a big deal.  Was it,  Caesar?
72) 21) dialog: The money I bet it was nothing to  get it clean, after you made such a  fucking big deal ...
72) 23) dialog: Pop, this is important to me.  It's  a simple question.  if he would just  answer the question, that's the end  of it.
72) 25) dialog: Just admit it, Caesar.
72) 27) dialog: That you overreacted.  That you lost  it.  Not me.  It was your mistake.
72) 34) text: Johnnie stares at him, feeling that something is very wro
72) 36) dialog: Know what?
72) 38) dialog: All right!  Where's the key?
72) 41) dialog: How the fuck can I open it?
72) 43) dialog: What are you talking about?
72) 48) text: He can see the fear on her face as she goes to the bar. Time drips. The key turns.  One lock pops. Then the other. Tbe case opens like a scream and Johnnie sees the newspap
72) 49) dialog: What the ...
72) 55) dialog: What the fuck?
72) 58) dialog: I think you're fucking crazy!
72) 60) dialog: Where's what?
72) 62) dialog: Caesar, I don't know what you're  thinking here, but if you don't put  down that gun --
72) 71) dialog: This isn't happening ...
72) 72) text: Boom!  Caesar blows a hole in the couch right between  Johnnie's legs.  Johnnie screams.
72) 74) dialog: You're a dead man!  A fucking dead  man!
72) 92) text: Close on Gino's hand holding the gun barrel as -- Caesar fires. From behind the gun we watch Gino's grip yanked free, tim melting away as he falls, blood bubbling from his chest, eyes wide in disbelief. His body hits the floor and the room erupts. Roy dives, drawing his gun as Caesar continues to fire,  pumping the trigger. Violet drops behind the bar as Jobnnie screams, falling  towards his father. Blood spurts from Roy as two bullets hit, his gun clatter and sliding across the floor. Johnnie lunges at Caesar as Caesar turns and fires, hitti Johnnie everywhere; blood and meat spray and speckle  everything around him.
74) 0) text: Crunched down behind the bar, Violet listens to the only  sound, repeating in the unnatural quiet: Click.  Click. Click. Rising, she peers over the edge of the bar. Caesar is standing in the aftermath.  His gun is still ai at Johnnie as he pulls the trigger over and over. The bodies are still, blood silently pooling around them. Blinking the sweat from his eyes, Caesar sees Violet.
74) 6) text: He stops, panting, unable to catch his breath.  Violet is afraid to even look at him. Blood creeps along the edge of the floorboards. Caesar tries to clear his head, mopping the sweat from hi face.  He bends down and starts searching Johnnie's pocke He finds his keys.
76) 6) text: Caesar flies into action. Grunting, he hauls Gino's body up, drags it to the bathro and throws it into the tub.  He returns for Johnnie's bod
78) 2) text: He heads back to the bathroom, dropping Roy onto the othe two. The three bloody bodies fill the tub. We see Johnnie's arm hanging over the edge as Caesar snap the shower curtain around, hiding them.
89) 0) text: There is a bulge in the shower curtain where we imagine  Johnnie's arm is hanging. Slowly we slide down to the bottom edge of the plastic  curtain, where a drip of blood forms and -- Plips into a small red spot on the white tile floor.
98) 2) text: He turns as if he just came in through the front door. We see Johnnie's home has been laid to waste.  The furnit is broken, cushions split open, pictures shattered, holes punched in the drywall -- even the carpeting has been tor up. Caesar doesn't look much better.
125) 28) text: His hand start to shake with ftustration.  He is beginnin to hate this woman more than he ever hated Johnnie. Taking a deep breath, he eases back the hammer.
138) 0) text: Violet has pulled up Johnnie's body and is digging throug his coat pockets, searching for something.
140) 0) text: Violet has Johnnie's cellular phone. Watching through the cracked door, Violet sees Caesar cro to answer the phone.
156) 0) text: Violet takes Johnnie's cellular phone from the robe pocke and dials a number. Mickey answers on the car phone.