13) 1) dialog: I know he's gone.  Please.  I have  to talk to you.
13) 4) text: Shelly glances over his shoulder at Corky, answering in a hushed voice.
13) 5) dialog: I have to leave.  Tonight. For a moment the intercom is silent.  Then the door buzze and Shelly pushes inside.  Corky follows him to the eleva
14) 0) text: Corky glares at Shelly and begins pumping the trigger of circular saw. Shelly hides behind his sunglasses, watching the elevator numbers go up.  The doors open and he scurries out.
20) 0) text: The rusty Chevy glides to a stop in a parking space near service entrance.  In its payload is a boxed bathroom van and sink. Corky climbs out of the cab and into the back, unhooking bungee cords that hold down the boxes. She looks up as a black Lincoln Town Car screeches into a spot not far from her truck.  THREE SERIOUS-LOOKING MEN g out, leading a fourth, Shelly. He is the only one who seems to notice Corky. They enter the building, the door closing behind them.
21) 12) text: The angry voice belongs to JOHNNIE MARZZONE.  Shelly is  kneeling in front of the toilet, hands tied behind his ba with electrical wire. Johnnie Marzzone is a flashy young man in Armani slacks,  silk shirt and silver-tipped cowboy boots.  His tie is tu in, as if torture were a fine-dining experience. Caesar and two other men are crammed in the small bathroo
21) 14) text: Shelly screams as Jobnnie repeatedly rams his face into t toilet.
23) 2) text: Johnnie hits Shelly once more.
23) 4) text: Johnnie checks his hair in the mirror, carefully.  Then h begins putting on the rings he had removed for the beatin Mickey kneels down next to Shelly's ear and motions to Lo who lifts Shelly's bound arms.
23) 6) text: Mickey grabs Shelly's pinky finger, putting it between th metal blades.
23) 8) text: Shelly whimpers, red-faced and sobbing.  There is a sick  crunch and Shelly howls into his gag as his pinky finger  bounces to the floor amid the expensive leather footwear.
124) 0) text: Caesar throws open the broom closet and grabs the clipper that Mickey used to cut off Shelly's finger.