18) 17) dialog: More oil! Make him shiny like fish!
18) 25) dialog: Mona! Where Mona?! And then MONA -- aging actress with fake boobs -- teeters wearing a flimsy nightgown and six inch heels.
18) 27) dialog: Okay guys, here scene: Mitch, you enter with gun -- where gun?! A P.A. runs in with a huge MACHINE GUN WITH ROCKET LAUNCH ATTACHMENT and gives it to Dave, who takes it limply...
18) 28) dialog: Guard try to stop you, line-line- line, knock him the fuck out, you see Mona asleep in bed, you wake her up and start fuck time, okay? Dave stammers, his head spinning.
18) 30) dialog: Your motivation? Your motivation is show big tit to business traveler in hotel room too scared to order real porno, okay? (blocking the scene) Okay, here shot list: start makeout here, nightgown fall, close-up of titty, candles burning, bouncing titty close-up, moaning, fake sex- in-mouth obscured by hair, more candle, fake backdoor sex obscured by blowing curtain, more candle, her buttock, his buttock, wind blow out candle and finito, okay?
18) 37) dialog: I know, baby, I crush this shit big time. Let's lock it up! P. A. Locking it up! As the crew bustle about, Mona turns to a shell-shocked D
18) 43) dialog: 
18) 53) dialog: Fuck it, we fix in post! Just knock out guard, wake up girl, and make fuck time! Keep rolling! P.A. Still rolling! Dave very effeminately "karate chops" the goon in the nec once, and the guy dramatically throws himself against the wall and drops, unconscious. Then Dave crosses and preten to suddenly see Mona in the bed. His acting is atrocious.
18) 55) dialog: More sexy! Too stiff! Annnd Mona wake up, surprised! Mona, not much of a better actor than Dave, wakes up -- a SCREAMS deafeningly, like some 1950's horror queen.
18) 60) dialog: And now kiss her like savage! Dave, totally grossed out by her, very reluctantly leans for the kiss. Just before their lips meet, he pulls away.
18) 67) dialog: 
18) 71) dialog: No no no, Steve Action throw wife off cliff in last scene.
18) 73) dialog: So am I! Mona my wife! Yeah, how stupid is that shit, man?! Now go fake-fuck my wife before owners of house come back from ski vacation to find film crew in master bedroom! Dave just stands there, hopelessly out of place...
65) 0) text: Dave, holding a cross-bow and wearing a loincloth, has fa sex with his CO-STAR on a jungle set; their mid-sections conveniently obscured by a giant fern. Dave is selling it, and when Valtan calls cut, the whole applauds, wildly impressed. Dave waves them off, bashful.