69) 0) text: A troupe of STILT-WALKING FIREBREATHERS finishes their ac to tremendous APPLAUSE. As the performers clear away, the circus' owner-and-ringm AMOS CALLOWAY (50) approaches the stands. He may only be  four feet tall, but Amos has a titanic presence.
69) 1) dialog: Ladies and Gentlemen, you may think  you've seen the unusual. You may  think you've seen the bizarre. But  I've travelled to the five corners  of the world, and let me tell you,  I've never seen anything like this.
69) 2) text: From behind Amos, CARNIES start rolling a massive ball to the crowd.
69) 3) dialog: When I found this man, he was picking  oranges in Florida. His fellow workers  called him El Penumbra -- The Shadow --  because when you were working beside  him, he blocked out the daylight. He  could take a whole tree in his hands  and shake off the fruit. I had to  pay his crew boss $10,000 just so I  could take him with me.
69) 4) text: Amos comes up to a MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN in the first row, a  quieter moment.
69) 5) dialog: Not to alarm you, Ma'am. But if this  man wanted to, he could crush your  head between his toes. (she trembles) But he won't. (a long beat) He's not going to hurt her, folks,  because he's our own Gentle Giant.  Ladies and Gentlemen, I give you  Colossus!
70) 0) text: As the stands empty, Edward and Karl talk to Amos.
70) 1) dialog: What's his name? Does he talk? It's  not important.
70) 3) dialog: Tell me Karl, have you ever heard of  the term "involuntary servitude?"
70) 5) dialog: "Unconscionable contract?"
70) 7) dialog: Great, great. That's fantastic.
71) 0) text: As Amos pulls Karl aside to give him the hard sell, Edwar notices a BEAUTIFUL YOUNG WOMAN (16) leaving with her fam She's wearing a blue dress and hat. For no good reason, s looks back at Edward. The two make eye contact. And as they do, all motion FREE A fiery baton remains mid-twirl, flames locked in place. spilled box of popcorn hangs in mid-air, each kernel like snowflake. Even the elephant is mid-poop. Only Edward is free to move, winding his way between the  frozen bodies, ducking underneath arms to get closer and  closer to this woman.
73) 0) text: Amos leans over so Karl can sign a contract on his back. spots Edward walking back into the tent.
73) 1) dialog: Hey kid! Your friend just made himself  a star.
73) 3) text: Amos hands off the contract to a CLOWN.
73) 7) dialog: What's the matter with you, kid? I  haven't seen a customer so depressed  since the elephant sat on that  farmer's wife. (beat) Get it? "Depressed?"
73) 9) dialog: See! The big guy likes it.
73) 11) dialog: Tough break. Most men have to get  married before they lose their wives.
73) 13) dialog: Jesus, kid. (realizing) Let me guess. Real pretty, blonde  hair, blue hat?
73) 15) dialog: I know her uncle. Friends of the  family.
73) 17) dialog: Kid. Don't waste your time. She's  out of your league.
73) 18) text: As Amos starts to walk away, Edward hurries to catch up w him. Karl follows as well.
73) 20) dialog: Sure I do. You were hot shit back in  Hickville, but here in the real world,  you got squat. You don't have a plan.  You don't have a job. You don't have  anything but the clothes on your  back.
73) 24) dialog: Kid, you were a big fish in a small  pond. This here is the ocean, and  you're drowning. Take my advice and  go back to Puddleville. You'll be  happy there.
73) 25) text: Getting in front of Amos, Edward stops him.
73) 27) text: Amos smiles, amused.
73) 29) dialog: Sorry, kid. I don't do charity.
73) 31) text: Amos takes a long look at him. Ultimately, there's no way can say no. He shrugs. What the hell.
73) 32) dialog: Every month you work for me, I'll  tell you one thing about her. That's  my final offer.
73) 33) text: Edward shakes Amos's hand before he can retract the offer We move into a MONTAGE:
77) 2) text: Amos stops, looks at the young man. Finally...
77) 3) dialog: This girl, the love of your life.  Her favorite flower is daffodils.
83) 0) text: Amos Calloway stands up behind a bush, buck naked and hai He still has the stick in his mouth, which he takes out a Edward approaches.
83) 1) dialog: Didn't kill anything, did I?
83) 3) dialog: That would explain the indigestion.
83) 5) dialog: I was wrong about you kid. You may  not have much, but what you got, you  got a lot of. You could get any girl.
83) 8) dialog: Her name is Sandra Templeton. She's  going to Auburn. The semester's almost  over, so you better hurry.
83) 10) dialog: Good luck, kid.
83) 11) text: Edward walks away. Then starts running. He has to get the as soon as possible. Amos sits down and scratches his ear with his foot.
140) 0) text: VARIOUS SHOTS: Expressive and passionate as always, Edwar talks to Ping, Jing and Amos Calloway.
175) 2) text: Amos Calloway is here with the circus folk, including Mr. Soggybottom. We also find Edward's Mother and Father, the Mayor, and many others from along the way. No one has age day since we saw them last. While Ping scans the horizon, Jing nuzzles with her boyfr Norther Winslow. It's Ping who first spots the Chevrolet.
183) 0) text: Will helps his mother out of a black sedan. She's well- composed, not nearly the wreck we might have expected. Josephine hugs Dr. Bennett and shakes hands with his WIFE The service is crowded, more than 200 people, many more t expected. As his mother talks to a WELL-WISHER, Will looks left to an Oldsmobile parking. CLOSE ON the license plates. Missouri. The passenger side opens, but the man who steps out is ba visible over the door. He shuts it to reveal himself to b 70. It's Amos Calloway. Will doesn't recognize him. The Driver climbs out, a size 15 foot on the gravel. We T UP to see this man is huge. This man is KARL, now 55. He's not 12 feet tall, but at l six-eight. CLOSE ON Will, bewildered to see that this man really exi