54) 2) text: A forty-year old man named BEAMEN comes out of the seed s to greet Edward. Friendly but a little drunk, he's the cl thing the town has to a mayor. He's carrying a clipboard.
54) 3) dialog: Welcome to ya. What's your name?
54) 5) text: Beamen checks the clipboard. Not finding the name, he fli forward a few pages. Still looking...
54) 6) dialog: Bloom like a flower?
54) 8) dialog: Oh. Here! Right here. Edward Bloom.  We weren't expecting you yet.
54) 11) dialog: Not yet.
54) 15) dialog: Mmm-hmm. Life'll do that to you. And  truthfully, the long way is easier,  but it's longer.
54) 17) dialog: And you're here now, and that's what  matters.
54) 18) text: Beamen's daughter JENNY (8) hides behind her father, peer around to look at the handsome stranger.
54) 20) dialog: The town of Spectre. Best kept secret  in Alabama. Says here you're from  Ashton, right? Last person we had  from Ashton was Norther Winslow.
54) 22) dialog: He's still here. Let me buy you a  drink. I'll tell you all about it.  Hell, I'll have him tell you.
54) 25) dialog: Son, I already told you. You're early.
55) 0) text: Sitting at the kitchen table, Edward takes a second slice apple pie. He and Beamen are joined by NORTHER WINSLOW (3 who fancies himself a cultured artist, though he's never  left the state.
55) 1) dialog: Now tell me if that isn't the best  pie you ever ate.
56) 4) dialog: He is our poet laureate.
61) 0) text: As Edward and Jenny approach Main Street, they find "down has been transformed. Lanterns and streamers hang on cabl across the street, and a small stage has been built at on end to hold FIDDLERS. The whole town is there in celebration of its newest citi Edward Bloom. Before he can protest, two WOMEN have grabb him by the arms, pulling him in to dance with them. The resulting dance number seems both choreographed and  complete chaos. From FARMER to BAKER'S WIFE, everyone wan to dance with Edward, who finds himself tossed around lik stick caught in a whirlpool. Still, he's having a blast. Jenny grabs both his hands, and they spin wildly. Beamen plucks his LAUGHING daughter away to dance with he Then Mildred cuts in to dance with Edward. It's hard to h over the MUSIC.
61) 4) text: Edward stops dancing. A beat, then he heads for the edge the crowd. Beamen is there, with Jenny on his shoulders.
61) 6) dialog: Why?
61) 8) dialog: No one's ever left.
61) 12) dialog: (calling after him) You won't find a better place!
184) 0) text: As the service gets ready to begin, Will guides his mothe to a seat near the grave. Sitting beside Will, Josephine spots a stunning ASIAN WOM (50) behind them. A beat later, an identical face with gl peers out -- the woman's twin sister. It's PING and JING. Josephine almost GASPS. She elbows Will, who turns to loo From this angle the sisters seem conjoined, but then Jing steps forward. They're really two separate people.  A sea of familiar faces, all of them aged through the yea BEAMEN, NORTHER WINSLOW, the MAYOR, and ZACKY PRICE.