11) 0) text: Young Dr. Bennett stands between the Wife's legs. She's  flustered and sweating, but the doctor has a comforting  bedside manner...
27) 1) dialog: Will.
27) 3) dialog: A pleasure.
27) 5) dialog: You're seven months.
27) 8) dialog: It's a boy.
27) 11) dialog: No. I would say he's the same.
27) 14) dialog: Absolutely. Be good for you to talk  to him.
163) 0) text: Edward sleeps peacefully, just an oxygen tube under his n There are no beeping monitors, no blinking lights. It's  mercifully quiet. Sandra squeezes Will's hand tightly. She's holding hersel together, but it's been a tough day. Dr. Bennett has just gone through the details for the thi time.
163) 4) dialog: It's fine.
163) 10) text: A nod, then Will holds the door for Dr. Bennett and Josep as they leave. Sandra is alone in the room with her husba She neatens his hair. Holds his hand. As she kisses his  fingers, she tweaks her chin with them -- his signature m
165) 0) text: Will sits in a chair beside the bed, working through the  crossword puzzle. A KNOCK as Dr. Bennett enters with his  overcoat and bag, ready to leave for the night.
165) 1) dialog: Glad to see you're not trying to  have a heartfelt talk. It's one of  my greatest annoyances, when people  talk to those who can't hear them.
165) 3) text: Dr. Bennett smiles as he checks Edward's chart.
165) 5) dialog: Thirty years. Maybe more.
165) 7) dialog: (re: chart) Five-eleven. One-eighty. Regulated  hypertension. (beat) How would his son describe him?
165) 8) text: Tables turned, Will searches for an answer. He doesn't ha one. Dr. Bennett hangs the chart back on the bed.
165) 9) dialog: Did your father ever tell you about  the day you were born?
165) 11) dialog: Not that one. The real story. Did he  ever tell you that?
165) 13) dialog: Your mother came in about three in  the afternoon. Her neighbor drove  her, on account of your father was  on business in Wichita. You were  born a week early, but there were no  complications. It was a perfect  delivery. Now, your father was sorry  to miss it, but it wasn't the custom  for the men to be in the room for  deliveries then, so I can't see as  it would have been much different  had he been there. And that's the  real story of how you were born.
165) 15) dialog: Not very exciting, is it? And I  suppose if I had to choose between  the true version and an elaborate  one involving a fish and a wedding  ring, I might choose the fancy  version. But that's just me.
165) 16) text: Will half-smiles. Patting Will's shoulder, Dr. Bennett leaves. We STAY ON W and his father for a long time, then Will takes his pen a starts making a list.
169) 2) text: They pass a HEAVYSET NURSE, who turns to look. Rounding a corner, they nearly crash into Dr. Bennett.
169) 3) dialog: Will! I... What are you doing?
177) 0) text: Will gets out of the Chevrolet, overwhelmed by the crowd. Behind him, Sandra, Josephine and Dr. Bennett pull up. Ka comes just after that. Crossing to the passenger side, Will lifts his father out Strangely, he's gotten even lighter. Will carries him eas Edward pulls off his shoes, tying the laces together. He  hands them to Josephine. She throws them up at the powerl They loop over. APPLAUSE and CHEERS. The crowd parts to let Will and Edward get to the river. he passes, Edward shakes some hands, pats some people on cheek, and gives others a good poke in the ribs.
183) 0) text: Will helps his mother out of a black sedan. She's well- composed, not nearly the wreck we might have expected. Josephine hugs Dr. Bennett and shakes hands with his WIFE The service is crowded, more than 200 people, many more t expected. As his mother talks to a WELL-WISHER, Will looks left to an Oldsmobile parking. CLOSE ON the license plates. Missouri. The passenger side opens, but the man who steps out is ba visible over the door. He shuts it to reveal himself to b 70. It's Amos Calloway. Will doesn't recognize him. The Driver climbs out, a size 15 foot on the gravel. We T UP to see this man is huge. This man is KARL, now 55. He's not 12 feet tall, but at l six-eight. CLOSE ON Will, bewildered to see that this man really exi