102) 7) text: For the first time, Ping turns, and now we see why she wa standing in profile. Ping is one-half of SIAMESE TWINS. Her identical twin is JING, who's been singing harmony al this time. They are two separate women who join at the wa one set of perfect legs beneath them. Edward sees the twins from behind, does a double-take. It costs him a punch to the jaw.
102) 9) dialog: Hello Jing.
102) 11) text: As the MUSIC builds towards the climax, Edward finishes t fight, knocking the guard out with a right hook. As Ping and Jing reach the last chorus, they strike a fin pose in the shape of a heart, their arms forming the arch their backs forming the curves. Edward slips behind curtains, trying to get away. The soldiers are SHOUTING for an encore, lighters waving. The curtain slowly lowers, revealing EDWARD'S PARACHUTE. The APPLAUSE dies, replaced by a concerned RUMBLE. The Em yells for the Guards to search.
103) 0) text: As ARMED GUARDS search the halls below the stage, Ping an Jing shut the door to their dressing room. At the closet, they start to change outfits. Off-stage, their personalit become quite apparent: Ping is brash, bitchy and ambitiou while Jing is quiet, sweet and bookish. In Chinese, subtitled...
103) 2) dialog: You weren't alone.
103) 3) text: Ping HUFFS, turning her back on her sister. Jing reaches deeper into the closet to find a new dress,  exposing Edward's hiding place. She GASPS. Ping turns to  look.
103) 7) text: Jing grabs her, a hand over her mouth, but it's too late. rifle-toting GUARD looks in. Pretending to be her bitchy sister --
103) 8) dialog: Tell your men not to bother us! And  lock that door!
103) 16) text: Hearing the story, Jing wipes away a tear. Even Ping is a little affected.
103) 21) dialog: Bob Hope?
140) 0) text: VARIOUS SHOTS: Expressive and passionate as always, Edwar talks to Ping, Jing and Amos Calloway.
140) 2) dialog: You can structure it as a historical  trust. But you'll need every  contiguous piece of property. It's  all or nothing.
175) 2) text: Amos Calloway is here with the circus folk, including Mr. Soggybottom. We also find Edward's Mother and Father, the Mayor, and many others from along the way. No one has age day since we saw them last. While Ping scans the horizon, Jing nuzzles with her boyfr Norther Winslow. It's Ping who first spots the Chevrolet.
184) 0) text: As the service gets ready to begin, Will guides his mothe to a seat near the grave. Sitting beside Will, Josephine spots a stunning ASIAN WOM (50) behind them. A beat later, an identical face with gl peers out -- the woman's twin sister. It's PING and JING. Josephine almost GASPS. She elbows Will, who turns to loo From this angle the sisters seem conjoined, but then Jing steps forward. They're really two separate people.  A sea of familiar faces, all of them aged through the yea BEAMEN, NORTHER WINSLOW, the MAYOR, and ZACKY PRICE.