4) 0) text: WILL, now 28, sits with his gorgeous bride JOSEPHINE. Thi is their wedding reception, crowded with their friends an family. They should be joyful, but Will is furious. Edward has the floor, ostensibly for a toast. The room is cozy and drunk.
4) 4) text: Will can't take any more. Josephine tries to hold him bac but he gets up and leaves. Edward doesn't even notice.
4) 14) text: A LAUGH from the crowd. Edward motions for Sandra to get up here with him. As she crosses, we can see that thirty years of marriage has not lessened their affection for each other. As they kiss, Edward tweaks her chin a special little way The crowd APPLAUDS. Edward toasts the happy couple. Josephine covers well for her absent husband, a smile as warm as summer. Edward downs his champagne in a gulp.
13) 0) text: Over the sound of rain, a phone RINGS on a chair. By the  tone of the ring, we know we're not in the U.S. -- it has that insistent European sound. As it keeps RINGING, we look to see the apartment is most empty, just a few half-unpacked boxes. A cradle is still its carton. KEYS in the lock. LAUGHTER in the hallway. The door swing open to reveal a drenched Will (29) carrying four sacks o groceries, the bottoms collapsing from the rain. His wife Josephine (28) pushes past him to get the phone.
13) 1) dialog: Allo oui?
13) 2) text: Will begins stripping out of his wet clothes, each layer  unleashing a new drizzle. He plays it up, trying to get a reaction out of Josephine.
13) 3) dialog: (on phone) Yes, he's here.
13) 5) dialog: It's your mother.
13) 8) text: As Josephine takes off her rain coat, we see she is very, very pregnant. She listens carefully to Will's side of th conversation, trying to gauge how bad the news is.
13) 10) text: He covers the mouthpiece. Looks over to Josephine.
13) 11) dialog: It's bad.
13) 13) dialog: You need to go.
13) 16) dialog: I'm going with you.
13) 18) dialog: (a simple fact) I'm going with you.
14) 0) text: As the plane continues boarding, a STEWARDESS recites the welcome spiel in French. Will has a window seat in coach. Josephine sits beside him, putting on hand lotion. Taking his hands, she rubs the excess into him. There's a effortless intimacy between them. She can pinpoint what h feeling before he can.
15) 0) text: Hours later, and the lights are dimmed. Most of the PASSE are asleep, including Josephine. Her head is propped agai Will's shoulder, her hands tucked under her belly. Will watches her sleep, brushing back her hair. A beat, t he notices a BORED BOY in the next row over. Off the glow of the reading light, the boy is using his h to cast shadows on the seat back. The kid is pretty good, making a convincing bird, a passable monkey, and finally dog. We PUSH IN on the silhouettes.
26) 0) text: The front door opens to reveal Will and Josephine on the  porch with their bags. REVERSE to Will's mother Sandra (5 surprised and a little annoyed.
26) 13) dialog: It's good to see you. You look  beautiful.
26) 16) dialog: Yes.
26) 18) text: Josephine squeezes past, a smile to her husband -- be nic Will heads back to the rental car to retrieve luggage. Sa follows him. Coming down the driveway, we get to see the house for the first time: an older suburban home, three bedrooms, big f the neighborhood, and nicely grown into the lot. KIDS are playing on the street.
27) 0) text: Sandra is pouring iced tea for Will and Josephine. DR. JULIUS BENNETT (85) enters from the foyer, still wind from coming down the stairs. He was the town's first Blac physician. He's still the town's best physician.
27) 6) dialog: (impressed) To the day.
27) 9) text: She smiles, surprised but not doubting. Will looks over - what did he say? Josephine shakes her head. Back to the main subject...
64) 0) text: Edward and Will sit at opposite ends of the table, with S and Josephine in the middle. Although Edward has a small  plate of food in front of him, he hasn't touched it. He's exhausted from the trip downstairs, but determined to mai the family dinner ritual. The other three eat awkwardly, each CLINK and SCRAPE of a knife or fork resonating. Will finally breaks the silence
64) 3) dialog: I spent a week in Morocco for the  story. It was incredible.
64) 8) dialog: (amused) Really.
67) 0) text: A portable fan quietly WHIRRS in the corner. Turned low, RADIO on the nightstand is playing a call-in AM sports sh just a wash of background chatter. Edward lies asleep on back. At the window, Josephine quietly lowers the shade. She re over Edward to switch off the radio. He stirs from the si he wasn't fully asleep -- and sees Josephine stretched ov him.
67) 3) dialog: Hi. How are you feeling?
67) 5) dialog: What were you dreaming about?
67) 6) text: He tries to recollect, but it's already gone. Josephine  motions, is it okay for her to sit on the bed? He nods.
67) 10) dialog: That's terrible.
67) 16) dialog: No, I understand.
67) 22) dialog: Stop.
67) 28) dialog: (interrupting) Can I take your picture?
67) 30) dialog: Please?
67) 31) text: He rolls his eyes, why not. Josephine leaves, heading down the hall to get her camera We STAY WITH Edward in bed.
67) 32) dialog: I have photos from the wedding to  show you. There's a great one of you  and my father. I had an extra print  made.
67) 34) dialog: I want to see pictures of your  wedding. I've never seen any.
67) 37) dialog: (loading film) I never knew.
67) 39) dialog: Oh, so this is a tall tale?
96) 1) dialog: I thought you said you didn't have a  church wedding.
96) 3) text: He reaches for his glass of water, but Josephine already it for him. She watches him while he slowly drinks the en glass, thirstier than he imagined. While he's drinking, w
97) 1) dialog: Is it the medicine that's making you  thirsty?
97) 6) dialog: (gently) You were talking about your wedding.
97) 8) dialog: I like your stories.
106) 1) dialog: I talked with your father last night.
106) 4) dialog: You never told me how your parents  met.
106) 6) dialog: What about the details? How they  fell in love. The Circus. The War.  You never told me any of that.
106) 8) dialog: But it's romantic.
106) 11) dialog: Mmm, what?
106) 14) dialog: Do you love your father?
106) 16) dialog: (repeating) Do you love him?
106) 19) dialog: But it's not true.
106) 23) dialog: You're not.
106) 25) dialog: I am always on your side. And I think  you should talk to him.
107) 6) dialog: The tree fell on the car, spilling  the syrup, which attracted the flies,  which got stuck to it and flew off  with the whole car.
107) 14) dialog: I'll help you.
109) 0) text: The doors open to reveal Sandra, Will and Josephine, star into the mouth of oblivion. The storeroom is a museum of  hasty decisions and half-finished projects: partially bui outboard motors, dead bonsai trees, Frankensteinian  lawnmowers. We also find boxes of products Edward used to sell. Clearing a path, Sandra leads Will to a roll-top desk, it ribs covered in dust. Two beaten metal file cabinets sit  beside it.
110) 0) text: Will, Sandra and Josephine have worked through two trash  bags of papers to throw out. Looking through a new file,  Sandra makes a small sound. A memory.
110) 2) text: Sandra hands Will a yellowed telegram. He shares it with  Josephine.
110) 9) dialog: I need to lie down for a bit.
110) 11) text: Josephine kisses him, then follows Sandra. Will re-reads telegram, still bewildered. Looking for a place to put it, he tucks it into a strange mechanical hand on the desk. It clamps down automatically Will smiles, a memory. He hasn't thought about this devic in years. We slowly PUSH IN on the telegram, held in the  hand. Edward's VOICE begins as a memory...
158) 0) text: We follow Will, looking into his and Josephine's room. He aims for the guest room at the end of the hall.
162) 1) dialog: Will!
162) 4) dialog: Your father had a stroke. He's  upstairs with your mom and Dr.  Bennett.
162) 9) dialog: No. He won't. I'm sorry.
164) 0) text: Sandra waits outside the women's restroom. Her face is a  study in strained composure -- acknowledging the inevitab but refusing to surrender to it. Josephine emerges.
164) 1) dialog: I'm sorry. It seems every hour I  have to...
164) 5) dialog: I do.
164) 10) dialog: Don't stop. Don't.
164) 11) text: A beat, then Sandra finally melts. Josephine holds her. T two women stand together in the hallway, letting the mome be.
177) 0) text: Will gets out of the Chevrolet, overwhelmed by the crowd. Behind him, Sandra, Josephine and Dr. Bennett pull up. Ka comes just after that. Crossing to the passenger side, Will lifts his father out Strangely, he's gotten even lighter. Will carries him eas Edward pulls off his shoes, tying the laces together. He  hands them to Josephine. She throws them up at the powerl They loop over. APPLAUSE and CHEERS. The crowd parts to let Will and Edward get to the river. he passes, Edward shakes some hands, pats some people on cheek, and gives others a good poke in the ribs.
180) 0) text: Will waits at reception as Sandra and Josephine come off elevator.
181) 0) text: Josephine opens the curtains, letting white sunlight in. strips the bed.
183) 0) text: Will helps his mother out of a black sedan. She's well- composed, not nearly the wreck we might have expected. Josephine hugs Dr. Bennett and shakes hands with his WIFE The service is crowded, more than 200 people, many more t expected. As his mother talks to a WELL-WISHER, Will looks left to an Oldsmobile parking. CLOSE ON the license plates. Missouri. The passenger side opens, but the man who steps out is ba visible over the door. He shuts it to reveal himself to b 70. It's Amos Calloway. Will doesn't recognize him. The Driver climbs out, a size 15 foot on the gravel. We T UP to see this man is huge. This man is KARL, now 55. He's not 12 feet tall, but at l six-eight. CLOSE ON Will, bewildered to see that this man really exi
184) 0) text: As the service gets ready to begin, Will guides his mothe to a seat near the grave. Sitting beside Will, Josephine spots a stunning ASIAN WOM (50) behind them. A beat later, an identical face with gl peers out -- the woman's twin sister. It's PING and JING. Josephine almost GASPS. She elbows Will, who turns to loo From this angle the sisters seem conjoined, but then Jing steps forward. They're really two separate people.  A sea of familiar faces, all of them aged through the yea BEAMEN, NORTHER WINSLOW, the MAYOR, and ZACKY PRICE.
186) 0) text: Will sits on the porch with Sandra and Josephine, watchin his SON play in the pool with two NEIGHBOR KIDS.