46) 10) text: Edward picks up a stone, ready to play David to Goliath. Then suddenly, the giant bursts forth. Hunched over, he s into a stunned Edward, knocking him halfway down the hill KARL THE GIANT is bigger than any man you've ever seen. N just tall, but massive. He's completely feral, with a bea to his elbow and skin scratched and blistered. What remai of his clothes are ragged and muddy. God knows what's liv in his matted hair. Karl leans over Edward, blocking the sun. Edward throws h rock, but it just bounces off. The giant didn't even noti it.
46) 11) dialog: Why are you here?
46) 14) text: Karl's eyes narrow, confused. Edward stands up.
46) 16) text: Edward closes his eyes, hands at his side, ready to be ea Karl just stares at him, not sure what to do. After a beat, Edward opens his eyes a tiny bit, just to s what the giant is doing. Relieved to see he's not licking his chops --
46) 18) text: Karl sits down with a BOOM, dejected.
46) 20) text: Reaching up, Edward shoves his hand into Karl's mouth. Bu the giant spits it back out.
46) 21) dialog: I don't want to eat you. I don't  want to eat anybody. It's just I get  so hungry. I'm too big.
46) 22) text: And that's the sad truth. Karl is less a monster than a f a giant man, but in the end, just a man. Edward takes a seat beside him.
46) 26) dialog: Really?
46) 28) dialog: I can.
46) 30) text: Karl smiles, but then it fades. A certain sad suspicion -
46) 31) dialog: You're just trying to get me to leave,  aren't you? That's why they sent you  here.
46) 33) dialog: Karl.
46) 35) dialog: You don't like it?
46) 37) text: Karl thinks a moment. Then --
46) 38) dialog: Okay.
47) 0) text: IN A SINGLE SHOT, Karl cuts his hair with hedge clippers, while Edward cuts up a surplus army tent to make him a sh
48) 0) text: Spirits buoyed by the high school MARCHING BAND, all the  good CITIZENS of Ashton are gathered to see off Edward an Karl. There's a few tears amid the familiar faces.
48) 2) text: Edward ducks a bit so the Mayor can put the key around hi neck. The crowd CHEERS. And with that, Edward and Karl st walking, waving as they go. Only DON PRICE, smoking on the corner, isn't sad to see E go. He crushes his cigarette under his heel. He wishes he could crush Edward. Many of the townfolk come onto the street to hug Edward o shake his hand.
48) 10) text: Edward and Karl keep walking. The Old Woman shuffles off, somehow knowing her advice will go unheeded.
48) 11) dialog: What did she say?
49) 0) text: We TILT UP from the road to reveal Edward and Karl walkin out of Ashton. Each wears a backpack with all his earthly possessions.
49) 2) text: Edward and Karl come to a bend, where the paved road veer left and an overgrown dirt road runs straight. The old ro is blocked with signs and warnings of danger.
49) 4) text: Karl looks at the dirt road, wary.
49) 5) dialog: You know anyone's who's taken it?
49) 8) dialog: You're not trying to run away?
49) 10) text: Karl perks up, even though it means more for him to carry
63) 3) dialog: to his right, coming down the larger, paved road.
63) 4) dialog: What happened to your shoes?
70) 0) text: As the stands empty, Edward and Karl talk to Amos.
70) 2) dialog: Karl.
70) 4) text: Karl shakes his head.
71) 0) text: As Amos pulls Karl aside to give him the hard sell, Edwar notices a BEAUTIFUL YOUNG WOMAN (16) leaving with her fam She's wearing a blue dress and hat. For no good reason, s looks back at Edward. The two make eye contact. And as they do, all motion FREE A fiery baton remains mid-twirl, flames locked in place. spilled box of popcorn hangs in mid-air, each kernel like snowflake. Even the elephant is mid-poop. Only Edward is free to move, winding his way between the  frozen bodies, ducking underneath arms to get closer and  closer to this woman.
73) 0) text: Amos leans over so Karl can sign a contract on his back. spots Edward walking back into the tent.
73) 8) text: Karl chuckles.
73) 18) text: As Amos starts to walk away, Edward hurries to catch up w him. Karl follows as well.
77) 0) text: Karl the Giant bandages Edward's arm as well as he can. A is walking past.
84) 0) text: Edward shakes Karl's giant hand. They hug.
146) 0) text: With Karl the Giant's help, Edward unloads a brand new do from a pickup truck.
147) 0) text: While Jenny watches, half-annoyed, half-amused, Edward tr to set the door square. Karl pushes against the side of t house until it fits.
149) 0) text: Edward and Karl cut down a tree, letting in a flood of li Through the golden pollen hanging in the air, we RISE UP see the shack is now
174) 2) text: Will stops short, the traffic backed up. He HONKS, trying get around the jam. But it's no use. Then, up ahead, the cars start moving, shoved aside by ma hands. It's Karl the Giant, clearing a path by brute forc Edward leans out the window and waves. Karl waves back.
183) 0) text: Will helps his mother out of a black sedan. She's well- composed, not nearly the wreck we might have expected. Josephine hugs Dr. Bennett and shakes hands with his WIFE The service is crowded, more than 200 people, many more t expected. As his mother talks to a WELL-WISHER, Will looks left to an Oldsmobile parking. CLOSE ON the license plates. Missouri. The passenger side opens, but the man who steps out is ba visible over the door. He shuts it to reveal himself to b 70. It's Amos Calloway. Will doesn't recognize him. The Driver climbs out, a size 15 foot on the gravel. We T UP to see this man is huge. This man is KARL, now 55. He's not 12 feet tall, but at l six-eight. CLOSE ON Will, bewildered to see that this man really exi