55) 0) text: Sitting at the kitchen table, Edward takes a second slice apple pie. He and Beamen are joined by NORTHER WINSLOW (3 who fancies himself a cultured artist, though he's never  left the state.
55) 4) dialog: Everything here tastes better. Even  the water is sweet. Never gets too  hot, too cold, too humid. At night  the wind goes through the trees and  you'd swear there was a whole symphony  out there, playing just for you.
56) 2) dialog: There is no softer ground than town.
57) 0) text: Edward sits with Norther Winslow. The fireflies are out.  Thousands of them.
57) 3) dialog: I've been working on this poem for  12 years.
57) 5) dialog: There's a lot of expectation. I don't  want to disappoint my fans.
57) 9) dialog: This is why you don't show work in  progress.
57) 11) dialog: I can't imagine any place better  than here.
114) 5) dialog: It's me. Norther Winslow.
114) 9) dialog: I want you to know, when you left  Spectre it opened my eyes. There was  a whole life out there that I was  not living. So I travelled. I saw  France, and Africa, half of South  America. Every day a new adventure,  that's my motto.
114) 13) dialog: I'm robbing this place.
114) 15) dialog: (to Edward) Would you mind grabbing that?
114) 17) dialog: (to the crowd) Now, I want all of you to lie down.  I'm gonna be cleaning out the cash  drawers, and my associate here is  going to handle the vault.  (pointing to a Teller  Woman) You help my friend, okay?
117) 1) dialog: Sixty. Eighty. Four hundred dollars!  Not bad for just the drawers. Let's  see what you got from the vault.
117) 3) dialog: This is it? The whole vault.
117) 5) dialog: Edward, it's got your deposit slip  on it.
118) 1) dialog: I should go to Wall Street. That's  where all the money is.
118) 5) dialog: Edward, thank you for the hand!
175) 2) text: Amos Calloway is here with the circus folk, including Mr. Soggybottom. We also find Edward's Mother and Father, the Mayor, and many others from along the way. No one has age day since we saw them last. While Ping scans the horizon, Jing nuzzles with her boyfr Norther Winslow. It's Ping who first spots the Chevrolet.
184) 0) text: As the service gets ready to begin, Will guides his mothe to a seat near the grave. Sitting beside Will, Josephine spots a stunning ASIAN WOM (50) behind them. A beat later, an identical face with gl peers out -- the woman's twin sister. It's PING and JING. Josephine almost GASPS. She elbows Will, who turns to loo From this angle the sisters seem conjoined, but then Jing steps forward. They're really two separate people.  A sea of familiar faces, all of them aged through the yea BEAMEN, NORTHER WINSLOW, the MAYOR, and ZACKY PRICE.