0) 3) text: The Beast's journey takes it past a dangling fish hook, b with worms. Past a tempting lure, sparkling in the sun. P a swiping bear claw. The Beast isn't worried.
13) 2) text: Will begins stripping out of his wet clothes, each layer  unleashing a new drizzle. He plays it up, trying to get a reaction out of Josephine.
17) 0) text: The night is WHIRRING and BREATHING, alive. The moon hang low, casting long shadows. Five kids walk past in silhouette. Four have flashlights The fifth keeps tripping, crashing into YOUNG EDWARD (10)
27) 12) text: And in the silence that follows, a lot is said. It wasn't the upbeat reply Sandra was hoping for.
30) 2) text: Edward cracks open an eye, a beat before he focuses. He t to say something, but no words come out. He looks over at a pitcher on the nightstand. Will pours a glass of water, helping him hold it to his parched lips Finished, Edward sets down the glass by himself. A very l tense beat. Will almost speaks again to fill the silence. Finally...
37) 0) text: SINGLE SHOT: A lawnmower ROARS along the grass. We LOOK U to see who's pushing it, but it's not Edward. It's one of his teenage EMPLOYEES. Edward is back at the truck, which is painted to read, "B Landscaping." He has workers on every lawn. He signs an autograph for an ADMIRING CUB SCOUT.
50) 0) text: The road is overgrown, but not altogether creepy. The sun still shining, and the birds still CHIRPING. Spinning the Key to the City, Edward WHISTLES, because it a day meant for whistling.
65) 0) text: Will shakes a shopping cart free from the pile-up while h mother checks her list.
76) 0) text: Edward chases a costumed pig, tripping over tent cords,  falling in the mud. His hunt leads him through the back of a tent, where he's unwittingly stepped in front of a line of motorized birds To the left, CUSTOMERS are shooting with rifles. He dodge four SHOTS that knock down the birds around him. He catches his breath, lucky. Then a half-blind OLD WOMAN pulls her trigger, hitting hi in the shoulder.
81) 2) text: Suddenly, the rocking and moaning stop. A beat, then the  door handle begins to RATTLE. It seems to be stuck. Edward turns the knob. Suddenly, the door BURSTS OPEN. Edward is knocked down by massive black dog, biggest you've ever seen. It has green glowing eyes and a lick of fire for a tongue. Edward wrestles with the beast, its mouth snapping at his throat.  Blocking with an arm, Edward tries to push himself free, the creature's hands -- it has hands instead of paws -- h on tight. Entwined, they roll across the dirt. The other nearby CAR scatter for cover. Mr. Soggybottom pulls a revolver out o his clown suit. Loads a silver bullet. Edward finally succeeds in throwing the beast off. He rol to his feet. The hell hound squares back on its haunches, GROWLING, re for another leap. Mr. Soggybottom sheds a clown tear, aim the revolver at the dog. At the last moment...
92) 23) text: As the ass-whupping continues, we 
102) 0) text: The curtain rises to reveal PING (27) at a microphone. Sh as gorgeous a woman as you'll ever see. She stands with her hips turned in profile. Her body is a knockout, dress cut to reveal skin. The soldiers are on t feet, WHISTLING and HOLLERING. UP ON THE CATWALK, Edward is surprised by an ENEMY SOLDIE The two men begin to SCUFFLE. MUSIC starts, a vampy torch song. Ping sings melody while off-stage voice carries perfect harmony.
102) 1) dialog: Sometimes a girl can feel so alone  Without a lover to call her own.  Sometimes it's so bad, she wants to  explode.  Wants to grab the first man she sees  and tear off his clothes.
102) 3) dialog: But she won't. No, she can't.  She needs a special special different  unusual man.  Because that girl,  Who looks like me,  She has wants, but she has needs.
102) 4) dialog: (speaking) Any of you got needs?
102) 5) text: The soldiers ROAR LOUDER, STOMPING on the bleachers. Backstage, the two men are still fighting.
102) 6) dialog: (chorus) I've had twice the adventure,  Cried double the tears.  Two times the bad times in half the  years.  I need a strong man, because I've  got  Twice the love to give.
102) 7) text: For the first time, Ping turns, and now we see why she wa standing in profile. Ping is one-half of SIAMESE TWINS. Her identical twin is JING, who's been singing harmony al this time. They are two separate women who join at the wa one set of perfect legs beneath them. Edward sees the twins from behind, does a double-take. It costs him a punch to the jaw.
102) 8) dialog: Say hello, Jing.
102) 10) dialog: (to the crowd) I'm Ping. She's Jing. She's the good  one. (closer) I'm the bad one.
102) 11) text: As the MUSIC builds towards the climax, Edward finishes t fight, knocking the guard out with a right hook. As Ping and Jing reach the last chorus, they strike a fin pose in the shape of a heart, their arms forming the arch their backs forming the curves. Edward slips behind curtains, trying to get away. The soldiers are SHOUTING for an encore, lighters waving. The curtain slowly lowers, revealing EDWARD'S PARACHUTE. The APPLAUSE dies, replaced by a concerned RUMBLE. The Em yells for the Guards to search.
103) 0) text: As ARMED GUARDS search the halls below the stage, Ping an Jing shut the door to their dressing room. At the closet, they start to change outfits. Off-stage, their personalit become quite apparent: Ping is brash, bitchy and ambitiou while Jing is quiet, sweet and bookish. In Chinese, subtitled...
103) 1) dialog: How could you miss your cue? You  make me look like a fool, out there  alone.
103) 3) text: Ping HUFFS, turning her back on her sister. Jing reaches deeper into the closet to find a new dress,  exposing Edward's hiding place. She GASPS. Ping turns to  look.
103) 4) dialog: Who the hell are you?
103) 6) dialog: Damn right you're not. (yelling) GUARD!
103) 9) text: The guard obeys. Ping shakes her sister off. Desperately  flipping through his Asian phrasebook, he finds...
103) 11) dialog: What makes you think we'll help you?
103) 16) text: Hearing the story, Jing wipes away a tear. Even Ping is a little affected.
103) 19) dialog: And what are we supposed to do when  we get to America?
104) 0) text: Sandra checks the mail, hoping for a letter from Edward.
140) 0) text: VARIOUS SHOTS: Expressive and passionate as always, Edwar talks to Ping, Jing and Amos Calloway.
145) 9) text: He tries to lean the door against the frame, but it keeps slipping.
163) 0) text: Edward sleeps peacefully, just an oxygen tube under his n There are no beeping monitors, no blinking lights. It's  mercifully quiet. Sandra squeezes Will's hand tightly. She's holding hersel together, but it's been a tough day. Dr. Bennett has just gone through the details for the thi time.
167) 0) text: It's very early morning, and the first blue light of day glowing through the vertical blinds. Still in his chair,  Will wakes up a bit at a time. The notepad is on his lap, the pen in his hand. He cracks his neck, crooked from sleeping on it wrong. Wh woke him up? He looks to his right. Holds his gaze for a breath.
167) 2) text: His father is awake, silently GASPING for breath. His eye are open, scared and confused.
169) 4) text: Before he can answer, Will spots Edward rolling the chair himself, pumping both arms. Will dashes to catch up with  him. The Heavyset Nurse leans out of Edward's hospital room.
175) 2) text: Amos Calloway is here with the circus folk, including Mr. Soggybottom. We also find Edward's Mother and Father, the Mayor, and many others from along the way. No one has age day since we saw them last. While Ping scans the horizon, Jing nuzzles with her boyfr Norther Winslow. It's Ping who first spots the Chevrolet.
175) 3) dialog: He's here!
184) 0) text: As the service gets ready to begin, Will guides his mothe to a seat near the grave. Sitting beside Will, Josephine spots a stunning ASIAN WOM (50) behind them. A beat later, an identical face with gl peers out -- the woman's twin sister. It's PING and JING. Josephine almost GASPS. She elbows Will, who turns to loo From this angle the sisters seem conjoined, but then Jing steps forward. They're really two separate people.  A sea of familiar faces, all of them aged through the yea BEAMEN, NORTHER WINSLOW, the MAYOR, and ZACKY PRICE.