3) 2) text: WILL, now 17 with braces, is fuming and ready to leave. H mother SANDRA -- from whom he gets his good looks and  practicality -- stands with him at the door.
4) 2) text: Over near the doorway, we spot Sandra, just returned from the restrooms. She looks gorgeous. She couldn't be any ha if this were her own wedding.
4) 9) dialog: Honey, it's still your night.
4) 12) text: He focuses his words on Sandra. This story is -- and has  always been -- about her more than anyone.
4) 14) text: A LAUGH from the crowd. Edward motions for Sandra to get up here with him. As she crosses, we can see that thirty years of marriage has not lessened their affection for each other. As they kiss, Edward tweaks her chin a special little way The crowd APPLAUDS. Edward toasts the happy couple. Josephine covers well for her absent husband, a smile as warm as summer. Edward downs his champagne in a gulp.
7) 0) text: At the table, Sandra talks on the phone while Edward fixe sandwich.
8) 0) text: Sandra stands by the window, watching as...
26) 0) text: The front door opens to reveal Will and Josephine on the  porch with their bags. REVERSE to Will's mother Sandra (5 surprised and a little annoyed.
26) 1) dialog: How did you get here?
26) 3) dialog: Ruth McHibbon offered to pick you up  at the airport.
26) 5) dialog: (simply) You didn't need to do that. You just  didn't.
26) 9) dialog: I'm so glad you're here.
26) 10) text: That hug finished, Sandra pushes past her son to her daug in-law. Seeing the size of her belly --
26) 11) dialog: You shouldn't have flown. But...
26) 15) dialog: Thank you. I'll bet you need to --
26) 17) dialog: Down the hall on the right. The door  sticks. You have to really pull it.
26) 20) dialog: He's up with your father.
26) 23) dialog: He's impossible. He won't eat. And  because he won't eat, he gets weaker.  And because he's weaker, he doesn't  want to eat.
26) 25) dialog: You don't talk about those things.  Not yet.
27) 0) text: Sandra is pouring iced tea for Will and Josephine. DR. JULIUS BENNETT (85) enters from the foyer, still wind from coming down the stairs. He was the town's first Blac physician. He's still the town's best physician.
27) 10) dialog: You don't think he looks any worse.
27) 12) text: And in the silence that follows, a lot is said. It wasn't the upbeat reply Sandra was hoping for.
27) 15) text: A moment of awkwardness -- everyone here knows they haven spoken in years. Sandra hands Will a squat can of Ensure from the case on counter.
27) 16) dialog: Get him to drink one of these. He  won't, but tell him he has to.
64) 2) dialog: Really! That's wonderful.
64) 4) dialog: We'll have to pick up a copy.
65) 3) dialog: Of course.
65) 5) dialog: Yes.
65) 7) dialog: Yes, Will, I do. And don't presume  things you don't know.
65) 9) dialog: Would you say you understand  Josephine?
65) 11) dialog: No it's not. It's exactly the same.  Your father and I met, we dated, and  we married -- we chose each other --  because we understood each other on  some fundamental level. Just the  same as you two.
65) 14) dialog: Yes, you both think William Bloom is  a very smart man. (beat) The problem is, you only see me as  your mother, and not as someone's  wife. And I've been his wife longer  than I've been your mother. You can't  discount that.
65) 16) text: With a look, Sandra acknowledges the stakes.
65) 17) dialog: I know it's not easy. Just remember,  he didn't choose to be your father  and you didn't choose to be his son.  You just ended up together. You could  pick numbers out of a dark bag and  it'd be just the same. If you ask  me, it's a wonder parents and children  can stand each other at all.
65) 19) dialog: Well, clearly you don't. But I'm not  the mystery you're trying to solve  right now.
66) 0) text: Reaching the CASHIER, Sandra hands over her coupons. Will approaching with a Newsweek magazine. Two checkstands over, an ATTRACTIVE BLONDE WOMAN in her 5 is getting her change. Though she's Sandra's generation, carries herself like a much younger woman, with blue jean and sneakers. She accidentally makes eye contact with Will as he passes We HOLD ON the woman, who tracks Will as he reaches Sandr It's hard to read her reaction: does she recognize him, o just find him attractive? Will notices the gaze. The woman turns away. Will racks his brain -- does he know this woman?
66) 1) dialog: Before I forget, your father has  papers in the basement I'd like you  to go through. I wouldn't know what's  important.
66) 3) text: Sandra looks. After a beat, the Blonde Woman turns again, semi-casually. Noticing that both Will and Sandra are loo she smiles a little before taking her cart to leave.
66) 4) dialog: (no idea) Was she one of your teachers?
66) 6) dialog: (to the cashier) Do you know who that is?
86) 0) text: Edward stands with a bouquet of daffodils in front of a h open door. Through the crack we can see the edge of a YOU WOMAN, talking in hushed tones with another girl we can't see. Finally, a decision is reached. The door opens to reveal woman of Edward's dreams, Sandra Kay Templeton. She's  effortlessly beautiful, pure and simple as sunlight. He can't believe he's finally reached her. He half-laughs nervous. That makes her laugh, not sure what's going on.
86) 2) text: ON SANDRA, overwhelmed. All she can finally think of to s is...
86) 3) dialog: I'm sorry.
86) 6) dialog: No I'm sorry, I... I'm engaged to be  married.
86) 9) dialog: But you're wrong. I do know you, at  least by reputation. Edward Bloom  from Ashton. See, I'm actually engaged  to a boy from Ashton. Don Price. He  was a few years older than you.
87) 7) dialog: Stop it. It's not funny. That poor  boy.
88) 0) text: Sandra and her SISTERS peer out through the curtains. Is  this guy crazy?
89) 0) text: The tweedy ECONOMICS PROFESSOR continues his explanation. Sandra isn't paying a lot of attention. He switches on the overhead projector without looking at There's a TITTER from the STUDENTS, but he doesn't notice A classmate nudges Sandra, who looks up. Written on the  projector is "I Love Sandra Templeton." She's horrified a excited at the same time. The professor finally notices w written there.
90) 0) text: Walking with her books, Sandra shakes her head, disbeliev We look up to the blue sky, where a giant sky-written hea floats in the wind.
91) 0) text: At her Sisters' prompting, a just-woken Sandra looks out second-story window to find the lawn filled with TEN THOUSAND DAFFODILS. Edward stands amid the sea of flowers. He's waited there hours.
92) 0) text: Sandra walks out to him. She's smiling, confused, joyful scared. All down Greek Street, STUDENTS are coming out to see the display.
92) 1) dialog: Daffodils?
92) 3) dialog: How did you get so many?
92) 5) text: Out of nowhere, a tear drops down Sandra's cheek. She wip it off.
92) 6) dialog: You don't even know me.
92) 10) dialog: It's Don. Promise me you won't hurt  him.
92) 18) dialog: Stop it!
95) 1) dialog: Don!
95) 2) text: Don is about to slug Edward again when he turns. Sandra pulls off her engagement ring. There's an audible  AHH! from her sisters, and an OHH! from Don's brothers.
95) 3) dialog: I will never marry you.
95) 6) dialog: He's almost a stranger and I prefer  him to you. 
95) 7) text: She hands him the ring. Another beat, then Don storms off But not before decking Edward one last time. Sandra leans over Edward's broken body. His head lies on daffodils.
95) 8) dialog: How can I convince you to stop?
95) 11) dialog: Okay.
98) 0) text: Bruised and bandaged, Edward sorts through a big bag of m with help from Sandra. He rips open an official-looking  letter. Reading it, his face drops. FLUTE and DRUM, music rising to a military cadence.
103) 12) text: Edward pulls a photo out of his flak jacket. It's Sandra.
104) 0) text: Sandra checks the mail, hoping for a letter from Edward.
104) 4) text: Hearing the news, Sandra CRIES OUT. The pain of her shout makes church bells RING.
105) 0) text: Sandra hangs sheets to dry on the clotheslines, forming a tunnel of fabric.
105) 2) text: Pulling a dress out of the basket, Sandra looks up to see
107) 0) text: The family finishes eating breakfast off TV trays set up  around the bed. For his part, Edward is looking better.  Certainly not recovered, but there's an optimism to his  expression. And for the first time, he's actually hungry. He watches as Sandra puts the cap back on the syrup.
107) 12) text: Sandra SNAPS the cap back on the syrup.
107) 13) dialog: I'm going to get started on dishes.
109) 0) text: The doors open to reveal Sandra, Will and Josephine, star into the mouth of oblivion. The storeroom is a museum of  hasty decisions and half-finished projects: partially bui outboard motors, dead bonsai trees, Frankensteinian  lawnmowers. We also find boxes of products Edward used to sell. Clearing a path, Sandra leads Will to a roll-top desk, it ribs covered in dust. Two beaten metal file cabinets sit  beside it.
109) 1) dialog: Your father decided he needed to  have an office, and it wouldn't do  to have it in the house. You'll know  better than me what's important.
110) 0) text: Will, Sandra and Josephine have worked through two trash  bags of papers to throw out. Looking through a new file,  Sandra makes a small sound. A memory.
110) 2) text: Sandra hands Will a yellowed telegram. He shares it with  Josephine.
110) 3) dialog: It was during the war. Your father  went missing. They thought he was  dead.
110) 6) dialog: Not everything your father says is a  complete fabrication.
110) 7) text: A beat, then Sandra stands.
110) 8) dialog: I'm going to check on him.
110) 11) text: Josephine kisses him, then follows Sandra. Will re-reads telegram, still bewildered. Looking for a place to put it, he tucks it into a strange mechanical hand on the desk. It clamps down automatically Will smiles, a memory. He hasn't thought about this devic in years. We slowly PUSH IN on the telegram, held in the  hand. Edward's VOICE begins as a memory...
119) 0) text: Sandra is watering the garden. Will (5) runs past her to  greet Edward, just returned from another trip.
119) 4) text: Sandra drops the hose, letting it run on the lawn.
120) 1) dialog: sitting on the edge of the tub. She doesn't seem particul worried -- her husband has always done this.
120) 3) dialog: I see. We need to get you one of  those plant misters. We can spray  you like a fern.
120) 4) text: He smiles, then pulls his knees up, making room for her i the tub. A beat while she considers. Sandra steps out of her sandals and climbs into the tub,  facing him. Her dress is soaked, but she doesn't mind. He leans forward and kisses her. When they separate, she tears hanging in her eyes.
120) 7) dialog: I don't think I'll ever dry out.
122) 2) dialog: He just fell asleep. Josephine's  with him.
122) 5) dialog: Yes?
122) 8) dialog: (thinking) I suppose your grandmother's house  when she passed on. But we sold that  right away. Your cousin Shirley bought  it.
122) 10) dialog: Heavens no. We had a hard enough  time keeping the mortgage on this  place.
163) 0) text: Edward sleeps peacefully, just an oxygen tube under his n There are no beeping monitors, no blinking lights. It's  mercifully quiet. Sandra squeezes Will's hand tightly. She's holding hersel together, but it's been a tough day. Dr. Bennett has just gone through the details for the thi time.
163) 1) dialog: I don't suppose one of us could stay  with him. In case he... (beat) In case he wakes up, one of us should  be there.
163) 3) dialog: (to Dr. Bennett) That's okay?
163) 5) dialog: (to Will) You'll call if...
163) 9) dialog: Yes. Thank you.
163) 10) text: A nod, then Will holds the door for Dr. Bennett and Josep as they leave. Sandra is alone in the room with her husba She neatens his hair. Holds his hand. As she kisses his  fingers, she tweaks her chin with them -- his signature m
164) 0) text: Sandra waits outside the women's restroom. Her face is a  study in strained composure -- acknowledging the inevitab but refusing to surrender to it. Josephine emerges.
164) 2) dialog: I know. It was the same when I was  carrying Will. Like clockwork.
164) 4) dialog: Do you like it, being pregnant?
164) 6) dialog: I loved it. It sounds peculiar, but  I loved every minute of it. I did.  Eddie was travelling a lot, so he  was gone, but I felt like I always  had a piece of him with me. A little  part of his soul inside me. I could  feel it. It was alive and kicking.
164) 7) text: Sandra has accidentally evoked a storm of emotion. She  struggles to keep it in check. Almost a whisper...
164) 8) dialog: I really miss that.
164) 9) text: With a few breaths, Sandra tries to hold on. Hold back.
164) 11) text: A beat, then Sandra finally melts. Josephine holds her. T two women stand together in the hallway, letting the mome be.
169) 8) text: Seeing SECURITY GUARDS heading their way, a quick-thinkin Sandra shoves a nearby cart into them, bowling them down.
177) 0) text: Will gets out of the Chevrolet, overwhelmed by the crowd. Behind him, Sandra, Josephine and Dr. Bennett pull up. Ka comes just after that. Crossing to the passenger side, Will lifts his father out Strangely, he's gotten even lighter. Will carries him eas Edward pulls off his shoes, tying the laces together. He  hands them to Josephine. She throws them up at the powerl They loop over. APPLAUSE and CHEERS. The crowd parts to let Will and Edward get to the river. he passes, Edward shakes some hands, pats some people on cheek, and gives others a good poke in the ribs.
177) 5) text: But one face is missing from the crowd -- Sandra. Will tu to see she's already standing in the river beside them. The reflection of the light off the water gives Sandra an unearthly glow. She's more tranquil and more beautiful th we've ever seen her.
180) 0) text: Will waits at reception as Sandra and Josephine come off elevator.
186) 0) text: Will sits on the porch with Sandra and Josephine, watchin his SON play in the pool with two NEIGHBOR KIDS.