3) 2) text: Oh, but full coverage on David Beckham's new tattoo is vital?! Larry's wife and co-anchor, GEORGIA, 40 and coiffed to th gills, storms in, followed by the show's GUEST CHEF. GEORGIA
4) 0) text: Cameras roll as the chef happily cooks away on the set. Georgia and Larry taste samples of what he's prepared.
4) 1) dialog: I have to tell you, Bruce. This is the best Chicken Kiev I've ever tasted.
4) 5) dialog: And what you can do to help preserve the ancient forests of Alaska -- and how it might help your Albuquerque electric bill.
21) 0) text: Abby strides down the hall with Georgia and Larry. ABBY
21) 1) text: There is no way Mike Alexander is going to stay on my show. I want you to skewer him. Make him look like a complete idiot. Not that it will be hard. The man is a moron of unseen proportions. GEORGIA (re Larry)
21) 4) text: Larry, listen to me. I want Mike Alexander to go down in flames. I want Mike Alexander to be nothing but a pile of ash on the seat next to you. I want the janitor to come in with his Dustbuster and vacuum up the ashes of Mike Alexander, and then when he throws the ashes into the dumpster outside, I want the rats to vomit and then defecate on the ashes of Mike Alexander. She strides off. Larry looks at Georgia. LARRY
21) 5) text: And I thought you were angry and bitter. GEORGIA
22) 0) text: Cameras roll as Larry and Georgia sit at the anchor desk.
22) 4) dialog: For years, there have been concerns about lowering television standards. But many believe that this man and his local public access show, "The Ugly Truth," have brought things to a new low. With that, we welcome Mike Alexander.
22) 9) dialog: The truth about what, Mr. Alexander?
23) 2) text: We INTERCUT with Georgia, Larry, and Mike on set.
23) 4) dialog: Sounds to me like no one's ever loved you and you're taking it out on the female population.
23) 19) text: On the set, Mike continues his vivisection of Larry and Georgia.
23) 27) text: Bullllloney you are. You hate her success. You feel emasculated by her and that screws with your head which inevitably screws with your manhood. GEORGIA
23) 29) text: Good girl, Georgia. Take control. MIKE
23) 32) text: I know, it's her fault! GEORGIA
23) 34) text: Oh, dear God. GEORGIA
23) 41) text: And you, Frowny McFlacid, give it to her. Now! Larry grabs Georgia and kisses her hard. After a moment o resistance, she melts into his arms. The crew goes crazy. Larry throws Georgia over his back and hauls her off the Abby sinks down into a chair. CLIFF
75) 10) text: Georgia winks at him.
75) 11) dialog: I hope mine do...
76) 0) text: Abby runs a programming meeting. Joy, Dori, Josh, Georgia Larry are in attendance. ABBY
108) 0) text: From the news desk, Georgia and Larry watch the monitor, confused.
108) 2) text: I love "Blue Lagoon". Georgia squeezes his hand.
108) 3) dialog: I know you do, honey.
124) 0) text: Georgia and Larry look at each other.
124) 1) dialog: I knew it!