2) 9) dialog: Abby! LARRY, 50's, the pompous, uptight anchor man, catches up them. He wears a makeup bib.
2) 11) dialog: I'm sorry to do this to you, Abby, but I don't think I can work with her anymore. It's bad enough I have to take her criticism at home. I can't do it on air, too. A man can only take so much. Abby nods, taking him seriously, but you can tell she's d this before.
2) 13) text: You're a newsman. A newsman isn't defined by the easy times, Larry, he's defined by the difficult ones. Can you imagine Ted Koppel or Chris Hansen or Anderson Cooper having their wives as co-anchor? Hell, no, because they couldn't handle it. But you can. You've got balls the size of Volkswagens. Don't think I haven't noticed.
2) 18) text: I like to think of them as aesthetically pleasing -- Abby steps away, not wanting to ponder Larry's balls anym than she has to. ABBY
2) 19) text: I think I've made my point. Larry nods, appeased, as she reaches the door marked ABBY RICHTER, PRODUCER, "ALBUQUERQUE A.M." She enters and...
3) 2) text: Oh, but full coverage on David Beckham's new tattoo is vital?! Larry's wife and co-anchor, GEORGIA, 40 and coiffed to th gills, storms in, followed by the show's GUEST CHEF. GEORGIA
4) 0) text: Cameras roll as the chef happily cooks away on the set. Georgia and Larry taste samples of what he's prepared.
4) 4) dialog: When we return, our live Skycam traffic update and more on David Beckham's hundred thousand dollar tattoo.
21) 0) text: Abby strides down the hall with Georgia and Larry. ABBY
21) 1) text: There is no way Mike Alexander is going to stay on my show. I want you to skewer him. Make him look like a complete idiot. Not that it will be hard. The man is a moron of unseen proportions. GEORGIA (re Larry)
21) 3) dialog: Does anyone think my highlights are too shiny? ABBY
21) 4) text: Larry, listen to me. I want Mike Alexander to go down in flames. I want Mike Alexander to be nothing but a pile of ash on the seat next to you. I want the janitor to come in with his Dustbuster and vacuum up the ashes of Mike Alexander, and then when he throws the ashes into the dumpster outside, I want the rats to vomit and then defecate on the ashes of Mike Alexander. She strides off. Larry looks at Georgia. LARRY
22) 0) text: Cameras roll as Larry and Georgia sit at the anchor desk.
22) 7) dialog: Mike, how do you respond to those who say your show is offensive?
23) 2) text: We INTERCUT with Georgia, Larry, and Mike on set.
23) 11) dialog: Excuse me?
23) 19) text: On the set, Mike continues his vivisection of Larry and Georgia.
23) 30) text: My point? My point is that your husband hasn't had sex with you in...I'm gonna say. . .three months? LARRY
23) 36) text: I agree. You've economically emasculated your husband to such a point that he's afraid to desire you. Sure, you can dump his ass, but honey, have you seen the eligible men in Albuquerque? It's slim pickings out there for a woman in her forties. You're not going to do any better than Larry. You just have to let him be a man. LET HIM
23) 41) text: And you, Frowny McFlacid, give it to her. Now! Larry grabs Georgia and kisses her hard. After a moment o resistance, she melts into his arms. The crew goes crazy. Larry throws Georgia over his back and hauls her off the Abby sinks down into a chair. CLIFF
75) 9) dialog: Next up, Javier tells us if your petunias are going to see any rainfall this weekend.
76) 0) text: Abby runs a programming meeting. Joy, Dori, Josh, Georgia Larry are in attendance. ABBY
108) 0) text: From the news desk, Georgia and Larry watch the monitor, confused.
108) 1) dialog: (offended)
124) 0) text: Georgia and Larry look at each other.
124) 1) dialog: I knew it!