0) 0) text: An ordinary house in central Texas. A neighborhood at the edge of town. Three children -- brothers -- are playing in the back yar The eldest, 11, is JACK. RL is two years younger, and STE is 6. Their MOTHER and FATHER, Mr. and Mrs. O'Brien, look In the center of the yard stands a tall oak tree. The yea 1956.
2) 1) dialog: Can I do anything? She shakes her head. She lets him kiss her, but generally seems unaware of him. She notices nothing; says nothing. He must be strong. There will be time enough for tears. H grieves for her more than for himself -- that she should stricken in this way, a woman so faithful, kind and uprig who through the whole of her life has denied herself -~ w has loved the good -- given to the poor, comforted the desolate. A flashforward: Men rise up and bow when she pa by.
5) 5) dialog: That rascal! I remember how you couldn't get him into the tub. Then, once he was in, you couldn't get him back out! The grey dawn of the next day. The O’Brien house seems no different from any other on the bleck. The postman goes a his business. The paperboy. The men of the neighborhood speak among ‘Yhemselves in hu voices as they set their sprinklers out at dusk. The fall the O'Brien house strikes awe in them. A family once happ and prosperous, brought down in sorrow and doom.
5) 8) dialog: We have -- to be strong -- for them -- for the other boys. We can't let them see -- (she looks away) I haven't been the husband you deserve -~ I haven't loved you enough -- still -- let me into your “ heart. Let us share the grief.
5) 10) dialog: I'm going to be strong for him, That's what he'd want, and ‘that's what he's going to get. An empty swing. A slide. A bridge. Grass fading in the Au heat. . He takes her into his arms. How small their differences s now! He loves her wholly. They are one at last, in grief.
11) 0) text: She looks at him in his crib. He shouts with delight. Everything runs togéther; a blur, a dream. He holds his h close to his face. The lights on the tree in the living r shine red, green and blue. His father plays the piano. She leans down OVer him. All blessing, nourishment, beaut proceed from her. The promise of deep joy! Outside, the oak tree throbs with cicadas. A sprinkler ti back and forth.
11) 3) dialog: He touches his father's beard.
11) 4) dialog: Sandpaper! His father takes a coin out of his ear. How? He sits him on his knee and play Horse. Brrumpphh! Up and down they go. He shrieks with delight. The neighbors have come by. Mr. Bigden makes big faces. T grown-ups are heroes and giants in the earth.
11) 5) dialog: we had +he Commander over for dinner -- his little devil bit him on 4he ankle!
14) 0) text: He sneaks into his parents' bedroom. In a chest of drawer he discovers his father's campaign ribbons, a commendatio from the admiral, scapulars from the Sisters of St. Anne, Chinese money in fantastic denominations. He marvels at t mystery of their separate lives. Suddenly, he hears a noise. He turns to discover his moth in the doorway.
18) 1) dialog: Stay away. Don't bother them. That's the Stickleys' property. Starting at this line. He looks at the ground, but where the vacant lot leaves o and the Stickleys’ yard begins, he cannot tell and does n care.
22) 0) text: Jack wakes up. All is as it was before. Where was he? The sweetgum tree that was planted at his brother's birth mar the passage of five years. His eyes until now have been shielded from the sight of e suffering and death; his family united, with no hint of contradiction between his mother and father. The world coheres. Things assume their conventional names take their customary places. We settle into the main epoc the story. 30. Jack is now 11 years old, in 6th grade, his brothers 9 an RL is a gentle boy, loved by all, quiet and generous, wit good sense of humor. Steve is combative, wild, but brave loyal, too. A title card reads: "TEXAS, 1956". Where before we kept entirely to the family's house, we n shall venture farther and farther into the neighborhood a eventually out into the town in central Texas where they live, far from the world at large. The neighbors' yards are shaded by oak trees and surround by low hedges that the children have cut gaps through. Th O'Brien house stands with five or six others on the last street in a subdivision. Its front is turned towards the other houses. Behind it lie the open woods: rolling hills juniper, broken here and there by Cow pastures.
24) 2) text: The tires hiss on the concrete. The boys are still and expectant. A moment later their father steps through the front door.
24) 3) dialog: Hi, sweetheart! Boys! 31. He kisses their mother and turns to face them. They do no know quite how to act with him. He catches them up into h arms -- physically shows them every sign of affection -- they are wary of him and hold themselves apart. They understand that he is devoted to them. He would never aba them, no, but always protect them. Still they do not trus him. He pours himself a shot of rye, passes the glass back and forth under his nose, then tosses it down. As soon as his back is turned, the boys slip away.
24) 4) dialog: Wait a minute!
25) 1) dialog: Did you pick the weeds along the side of the house? Or only where I could see? (Jack shakes his head) They're back again. You need to pull them up by the roots. You can't just yank off the tops. He shows Jack what he means. To the child it seems the we must run off to tk nd of the earth; a labor beyond his strength.
26) 0) text: The boys look at each Other from underneath their eyes as their father says grace.
26) 1) dialog: Lord, bless this house, and all those who live within it. Bless this food to our use, and us to thy loving and faithful service, and make us ever mindful of the needs of others. Amen. Dinner is a nervous time, often a little hell. A symphony playing on the record player. From time to time Mr. O'Bri leaps up from the table to conduct a 2 passage that has inspired him. 32.
26) 5) dialog: “Pass the butter, please, Sir."
26) 7) dialog: So, what did you do today 2
26) 9) dialog: After that.
26) 11) dialog: Did you practice your piano? Jack studies the beads of moisture on his aluminum glass.
26) 12) dialog: What about the yard?
26) 14) dialog: Did you Put in more runners?
26) 16) dialog: "Yes, Sir." It didn't look like it. We'll see. The boys regard him warily. His sharp, sarcastic words, a orders so irrational he hardly expects that they will be obeyed. He never asks what they did at school. He does not know t names of their friends. Were he to inquire, they would suspect it was a trap. 33. The boys bolt down their food. A shadow passes over Jack' eyes as RL is taken to task. His mother sees this and rea out to caress his hair. The little knot of anger melts aw The and She it;
26) 17) dialog: You like that blouse on your mother?
26) 19) dialog: I got it for her in Saltillo. The same blouse here would cost $40.
26) 21) dialog: (to Mrs. O'Brien) I got an urgent message from Tampico. There's a fellow down there who wants to consult with me. He wants to take me fishing on his yacht and get my advice. I told him I was too busy.
26) 23) dialog: What's my favorite food?
26) 25) dialog: No, no! Keep on! 34.
26) 27) dialog: Right! Okay, start from there. B-R- She offers no guess. He frowns. Is she defying him?
26) 28) dialog: Brahms! Brahms! He conducts the music with passionate gestures. He points the photographs of Toscanini on the record jacket. Someti he acts so like a child that the children themselves are embarrassed. Seeing the look of cold anger in Jack's eyes, he-comes ov and kisses him. He knows the boys do not like being kisse He does it anyway; partly, they suspect, for that very reason.
26) 29) dialog: He wrote this in 1883. Everyone told him he was finished, that he would never write a decent piece of music again, so he worked hard and went off in a park -- and sat under a tree. And he saw a deer running under the trees, and it gave him the idea. The boys eye each other. Everyone knows that he is lying. Doesn't he care?.
29) 0) text: They slip quietly toward their bedroom, hoping to avoid t father, who sits bya gooseneck lamp reading the paper.
29) 1) dialog: Son? Come here. Reach me my lighter. He could as easily reach it himself. It seems he wants to harass the child, +o demonstrate his authority. Jack glan at his mother, who leoks at the ground as soon as she mee his eyes.
29) 3) dialog: Haven't you forgotten something? He points to his cheek. The child comes over and gives hi kiss goodnight.
29) 4) dialog: Is that all I get? Jack kisses him again, coldly, and gives him a hug. 39.
29) 5) dialog: You love your father?
29) 7) dialog: Good.
30) 2) dialog: Mr. O'Brien has gone into the living room to play the pia Jack watches him through a crack in the door. Their father is an accomplished musician. Their home is n more friendly and at peace than when he sits at the piano playing Bach or Chopin.
42) 16) dialog: Lord, bless this house. May there be peace within its walls . May all who live here be true to each other. And please be good 4+ Ed, my brother. He's been 300d +o hundreds of people. Amen. (after a pause) Take your elbows off the table.
42) 18) dialog: You defy me.
42) 20) dialog: You Know. One does not feel his an is caused by this trifle of putting one's @lbows on Nhe table, but that it was there begin with. It does Mot last long. A moment later he migh showing them affection. Kissing them. Pinching their butt They do not like it, but he does not seem to care.
42) 21) dialog: It's how I was raised! He has a taste for hot peppers. The imprint of his kisses burns their cheeks.
42) 24) dialog: Nonsense. 47.
42) 26) dialog: You may leave the table. He turns to Jack.
42) 27) dialog: Will you continue to defy me? I need to know. Either you take me into your confidence, aS a son should his father, or -~wait, you're interrupting’ me-- I'm not done yet. Do you think I can finish? Thank you, your m@ésty. Jack grinds his teeth.
42) 28) dialog: You could do these simple things if you really wanted to. Say "Sir". Not slam the screen door. I'll give you one more chance. Are you a good boy? Then do as I ask. Obey your father. He rules the world from his chair at the head of the tabl His opinion is correct. He can tell others how to order t lives, what they Should do. Every other opinion is willfu mad.
43) 0) text: Later, Jack overhears his mother and father whispering in living room.
43) 2) dialog: With you have an equal chance. Besides, I've denied myself. I have the right to a few pleasures! Jack approaches the door to the living room, slightly aja 48.
43) 4) dialog: ...throw it back in my face!
43) 8) dialog: They learn respect.
43) 12) dialog: Leave her out of this! Jack sees RL is awake, sits down beside him and hugs him close. RL studies a compass. The needle moves without bei touched. _
43) 14) dialog: You want to see what a tyrant is like? ‘He cannot break free of her. She is the rock on which he stands. Yet she will not be one with him. He seems to come apart inside. A lust for destruction fil his blood. Yet what does he have in life but her? Nothing
45) 4) dialog: Get clear to the edge.
45) 6) dialog: Are you sure? Jack looks away, backing down. He hates himself for it. Later, he watches hig father strop a straight razor.
46) 0) text: His father is teaching him how to swim, mocking his fears calling him farther, out into the deep. His feet are bare able to touch the muddy rocks at the bottom. There is no one on the shore. No one to see.
46) 1) dialog: Come out. Farther. Why? Jack gasps for air. Would his father -- Why so far? 51.
46) 2) dialog: Swim. A POV looking up from the depths. What lies below?
46) 4) dialog: Did you see the head and that's all? That's a turtle. Later, dressing together, he looks at his father's powerf body. He is weak and slight while his flather is strong.
48) 0) text: He almost has made his way through the living room when h father puts down the newspaper.
48) 1) dialog: Did you get it all? Jack nods. He deceives his father. This way is better, th it hurts his sense of honor. He still tells his mother th truth.
50) 0) text: Tonight it is their father who comes to visit them before they go to sleep. He turns the gooseneck lamp towards the wall and amuses them by making silhouettes on it with his hands. A duck! A bear! A dog! He makes their faces up wit burnt cork. Steve gets to blow out the match. Now discord seems a dream. Why can't it be this way every night -- in daytime, too?
50) 1) dialog: (to Jack) I remember when you were born. They wouldn't let me come home! The Navy said: "An officer must be present at the laying of the Keel, but not at the launching"! He gets up to leave.
51) 2) dialog: It's fools they put ahead of. me. Liars. They. pass over me.
51) 4) dialog: Morale is great. Sometimes they work thirty-six hours at a stretch -- don't even ask for overtime! You don't know what it's like. Always following orders of men you can't respect. They want you to scheme for their favor. It makes you less , than. a man.
57) 1) dialog: Shake the dirt off the roots so it doesn't leave a hole.Thats too hard, I guess... And over here, why haven't you watered the corners? You haven't had time, of Course! Look, this is cropped so close it's going to burn out. Keep it watered. Why's this bare?
57) 3) dialog: It does at the Kimballs'.
57) 6) dialog: I don't want you to say a word until you're done. I'll be very disappointed if you do. I won't know about it. Of course, you could fool me. 58. He has the unshakable belief that he must approve or modi everything the children do. He is full of petty and exasperating cautions. Watch it! Step there. Open the doo
59) 13) dialog: Frank Johnson. He. started out as a barber, but he built something big. Never let anything stop him. 60.
59) 14) dialog: Bucky, who runs the company now, he started out on an ice truck. He even got fired a couple of times. Jack and RL have never seen any of these men, but they ar mythical figures in the boys' imagination.
59) 15) dialog: Bucky asked me once if I wanted to go deer hunting with him. I said no. In front of all his top peopie! He asked me why. I said I can't stand to hunt, it makes me sick. You should've seen the look on their faces! You know what Bucky told me? He was quiet fora minute, then he said: "You Know. I’ve never liked it that much either. Maybe I won't go this year." Jack looks away, embarrassed. The boys need no proof of t father's superiority.
59) 16) dialog: A corporation has no soul. They'll cut. their own grandmother's throat. It has to be that way. Merciless. But, if you take their money, you have to take their --
60) 3) dialog: So you'll have a place to stand. I might not amount to anything, but you will. You boys will stand on my shoulders. 6l.
60) 5) dialog: The world lives by trickery. If you want to succeed, you can't be too good. . They reach the poor. parts of town. His father has come t some barbecue. There are rundown shackg and cars parked i front yards. A black man stares at him.
60) 6) dialog: Belong to yourself: that’s the whole thing in life. Learn to master yourself. Your will. Your will makes you free. Set up your will as a law over you! Later Jack sees a team of workers, digging a ditch. Worms on the heaps of dirt, cut in two by their shovels. Jack's heart is moved to pity at the sight of the writhing creatures. And then to see these men with their bodies be their hair disheveled, their faces glistening with sweat, their hands and arms covered with clay. It seems that suffering must lie at the heart of life, no its periphery; it is not some accident that troubles the unfortunate only. No, inconstancy is the rule. The fading rose. The uprooted tree.
60) 7) dialog: See those people. Somebody got the upper hand with them. Don't let it happen to you. You've got to get ahead of the other guy. He'll be doing .all he can to do the same to you. Jack. exchanges a look with his brother, riding in the ba seat. They observe everything about him which is ridiculo then mimic and exaggerate these features for each other.
60) 8) dialog: Money will break down all obstacles in your way- Hold on to it. It's the most reliable thing there is in this world. A friend is likely to betray you. Money never will. 62.
60) 9) dialog: Find the thing they can't do without. Patents! As his father goes on, Jack's thoughts turn to their dog. Shep's is a perfect love. He is their friend, their clown their guardian and protector. He accepts being teased, slighted; ignored. He knows no unhappiness, like the thre legged dog who lives down the block and runs around as th no misfortune had ever befallen him.
61) 0) text: Jack listens as his father questions his mother about a b spoon.
61) 1) dialog: Who did this? (turning on RL) I might enjoy lazing around, too. I could walk out the front door and say I was going to pick blackberries! Just wave goodbye and wander off. No, you want to be served, but you don't want to have any responsibilities in return. You're going to have a record, and it's going to follow you around the rest of your life. On it will be the grades you made -- what you accomplished and what you didn't. People read it. If you mess up, you might not be able to get a security cle ice. People will ask why. One knows he will awaken, come to himself at last. It wil dreadful when he does. Could he endure a full awakening? Would it destroy him?
62) 0) text: Outside, Jack climbs the live oak tree. Higher and higher goes, until he stands like a sailor on top of a mast. The he may commune with himself. The world below seems small unreal. The door bursts open. His father storms outside and sits the porch. A few moments later, RL comes outside. He sits down beside his father and rests his head against his shoulder. Jack watches. He wonders if he could love his father, too 63.
65) 2) dialog: A friend of mine. He owns half the real estate in town. Sunday is a day of rest and relaxation. Other families ma drop by to visit, unannounced. The stores are closed, as people take their ease. Yet Mr. O'Brien is restless, tens They are having dinner on the porch when he turns to RL:
65) 3) dialog: Will you do something for me? You promise me that you’fido it, without asking what it 15? Just have the confidence that what your father asks of you is right? (RL nods) For the next half hour, will you not speak unless you have something important to say? (turning to Steve) And what did you do today, my fine- feathered friend? One by one, each child is called upon to justify himself. Where does it come from, this pleasure in humiliation? Th indifference to their dignity and even to his own? He deceives others, debases himself in order to impress them makes up stories, facts, the etymologies of words, withou trace. of shame.
65) 4) dialog: Sit on the front two inches of your chair. It's good for your posture. I read it in the paper. He holds up a rock before Jack's eyes, a thunder egg from children's collection, a sort of polished agate.
65) 5) dialog: You actually bought this from Mr. Ledbetter? Don't explain. Just nod. Yes or no.
65) 7) dialog: I don't know how long I can keep paying for these rocks. We're living in a fancy neighborhood, but we can't afford this house. If Kimball next door knew what our situation was, he would laugh. Of course, he got all his money from his father-in-law.
65) 9) dialog: What did you say? Mr. O'Brien takes a hot pepper and rubs it on the child's lips. Mrs. O'Brien rises to her feet in anger.
65) 10) dialog: You will straighten up and fly right! Jack has never seen his father possessed in quite this wa His brother's cries are unbearable. The innocent one has defense.
65) 13) dialog: Keep your voice down. The neighbors can hear. Children aren't reasonable. They can only be governed by fear.
65) 15) dialog: I give my life for them. My blood. I let them eat my heart. Do I tie them to a tree? Do I take off my belt -- like McKeever? They have their lives from me! 66. He will force them to love him, whether they like it or n RL is put in a closet. Mrs. O'Brien's blood rises in a fe as she clutches Steve in her arms. She wonders if her hus does not take some pleasure in punishing the boys. The mo tortures are harder on them than the physical ones. His suspicious glances, his mouth curling in scorn, the sentimentality that so quickly spills over into cruelty. What is she to do? Confronting him only makes the situati worse. He will stop at nothing to win an argument.
65) 17) dialog: I have to support my family:
65) 19) dialog: If it's such a hell, why don't you leave? She suspects that he wants to degrade her because he has never been ableto possess her soul. Always she has manage to move beyond his reach.
65) 21) dialog: What are you waiting for?
65) 23) dialog: You left me long ago.
65) 25) dialog: You turned away from me ~~ the day your first child was born. He suspects that she hates him. It causes him to offend h violently.
65) 27) dialog: I put it back. I'm an outsider to you, aren't I? You hold yourself apart. Proud of your virtue. You want to make me better than I am. Why can she not be content with what he is? Why will she have him as he ought to be?
65) 29) dialog: I want a life without lies.
65) 31) dialog: Nothing. Do I disgust you?
65) 33) dialog: Maybe you don't. She risks less than he does. She has her worth, which she never lose. And the children, whom he does not have.
65) 34) dialog: You put them up to your tricks. You teach them to hate me! Their own father! 68. Her blood rises in a jet. Jack listens. Will theirs be a family like Howard's? The world is darker than he imagine How shall he comfort his mother? Redeem her sorrow? He th of Christmas, when home is home, when for a day they are family, the bright colors beneath the tree, lights burnin late into the night. He plays with a flashlight, shining it through his hand, exposing the bones of his fingers.
66) 1) dialog: Isn't a wife supposed to love, cherish, obey? Jack fears his father's wild energy. He has got to fight every inch of the way, in order not to be swamped, engulf to stay alive. He clings to RL and Steve. He will never l his brothers.
69) 6) dialog: Give me a kiss. RL does.
73) 0) text: His father gives Jack a lecture.
73) 1) dialog: Don't try to make people love you. Make them fear you. If someone clips you, sock him back. Who can you trust? Your own family. Be good to them. That's enough. Your mother is naive. It takes fierce will to get ahead in this world. Don't let anyone stand in your way.
73) 3) dialog: This is more important. This is school. Please. (after she leaves) Don't let your own laziness stand in your way. You don't have to -- pardon the expression -- kiss anyone's derriere. Nobility is a luxury. Avoid controversy. Every one of these top executives, you know how they get to where they are? They float it down the middle of the river. 72. Mother and father.live inside him. They wrestle for his s He strives to reconcile them, but they refuse to be reconciled. Why can he not find. a harmony between them? party is he of? Let it be one or the other: not the chaos their blind struggle. He remembers his mother telling him:
73) 8) dialog: -- If you're good, people take advantage of you. Think of yourself as someone caught behind enemy lines. Work! Fight! I see you wasting your time -~ staring out the window -- playing! I make sacrifices for you. You honor those sacrifices by what you do. That's how a family works. Jack shifts uneasily in his chair. 73.
73) 9) dialog: I'd like to do what I want, too. I dreamed of being a great: musician. But how could I make a living for my family? And so I have to go off every day -- (with emotion) My father lost his job, Ed was off in Vegas, he sent nothing home. I had to quit school and join the Army Air Corps so your grandmother could have something to eat. They shut the lights out on her. We couldn't pay the electricity. She had to take in boavders. Jack thinks of the love he often feels for his father as falls asleep at night, listening to him at the piano --
73) 10) dialog: See this? You know why I keep it here? It was the official seal of my own company, the one I formed -- I had the papers -- till I got hepatitis from drinking unpasteurized beer in China. They took it away from me. It's dog eat dog out there. Don't you forget it. Don't let anyone tell you there's anything you can't do! I've protected you as best I can. But I didu'+ get an education. You will. You'll get through. By God, you wilk You can't fool me. I know you live a book! Jack imagines restivq \m his father's arms, their differe forgotten. Then the “fantastic scene breaks up, and he is in the living room, sunk in silence. °
73) 11) dialog: When you came into this world, you know what I did? I went outside and danced on the lawn. I shot off my pistol. You're my freedom! Every time I see a young guy walk by with a shirt and tie, looking sharp, that's my kid I'm looking at. Don't do like I did, though. Promise me that. I let myself get sidetracked. While you're looking for something to happen, that was it! That was life! You lived it! 74.
73) 12) dialog: (shaking his head) I let one thing after another drag me backwards. We stuck together, though. When you have nothing, you've still got your honor. Your dignity. You still have each other!
78) 6) dialog: She shows them flowers, glowing colors and birds that sin the fruit tree at the edge of the woods, the gardenias, t wings of little creatures beneath a magnifying glass. So mysteries! She shows them a barn swallow's nest.
79) 0) text: Jack brings a jar of ice water and a plate of sandwiches to 0.C., a laborer whom his father has hired to spread fr loam on,the yard. 78. O.c. Your mother sent this? Well, she's the nicest lady. She's a good mother and a good woman. I never worked for nobody as considerate. His salmon-colored palms grip the shovel. He works all da long in the broiling sun. He never complains. There is a it seems, which is compatible with hardship and misfortun ¢
84) 1) dialog: Bishop Sheen was down the hall -- two doors away. Very friendly. The French are lovable, but they'll rob you blind. The money's confusing: new francs, old francs; you never know which you've got in your hand. I bought a newspaper for $4. Halfway back to the hotel TI realized I'd been robbed. Had a big fight with the lady. Had to call a gendarme. He got her to cough up. (to Mrs. O'Brien) 81.
84) 2) dialog: I'm confident my deal went through. If not, they can forget it. I'll tell them all to go to hell.
84) 4) dialog: I'm not going to let them shove me around.
84) 6) dialog: Your own family isw't apo enovoh for you? Jack looks at his brother with Suvprise. We would never d to invite anyone over. Relatives visit often, but no frie ever comes to their house.
84) 7) dialog: Your mother's from a farm family. Irish. They had people down from Chicago every weekend. That's why they never got the weeds out of their fields. The Norwegians would drive by and laugh! (she smiles) You boys don't realize it, but we're skating on thin ice. You live in peace, quiet, in warmth. Look at the Food you have. Still on your plate! The abundance ! When I was our age, T was chomping tickets at the Clar Theater in Chicago. (Jack squirms ) Are you ina hurry? After the shows, I cleaned the bathrooms. For years I had one pair of pants. The same green pants! I had to run around in my shorts while my mother washed them. And still, for all that, father was always father to me. Nobody knows what that means these days. Can a child understand? It seems to Jack that he and his brothers remain alive through their father's sacrifice and bear their lives as undeserved gift from him. His father has bred in him a de suspicion of himself, a doubt of his every action; a doub others, too, and of their motives. He is becoming anxious about everything; wavering, unable to work out a thought. 82. There is a loud crash. He let the screen door slam shut.
84) 8) dialog: You can't shut it softly, can you? No, that's too hard for you, I suppose. You don't have the time. That's too much to expect of our worthy son. Horsefeathers! I want you to shut it quietly, fifty times. Not a word of contradiction! It seems to him there are three worlds, one in which he a his brothers live subject to their father under laws whic has invented for them only and which they can never, with understanding why, ever fully Comply with) a second world that their father belongs to; a thivl wheve everyone else lives happily, free from orders ancl Mav ima to obey.
84) 9) dialog: Come here! (pinching him) I love you. If it doesn't always seem that way, it's because I can't pretend like other people do. Kiss me. Kiss your father. Jack's mind leaps about, bewildered by his father's healt and appetite, his swagger, his canniness, his indifferenc the burdens he imposes on others; the absence of any consciousness of hypocrisy when he breaks those rules he imposes on others.
84) 10) dialog: What are you thinking? Really tMuking? ‘There are things you can't Ab? Well, there are things L can'+ do either !
84) 12) dialog: You're not to call me Dad, but Father. Father, sir. Always honor your father. Every day I go out that door there. I go out and work my tail off for you. Show respect. Don't interrupt!
84) 14) dialog: I would rather be a beggar on the streets of Cairo than not to have the respect of my family. (after a pause) Remember: you're the child. dack counts his breaths.
84) 16) dialog: I, too, didn't have any respect. for my father. Not at First. What do his boys know of life -- the rich man's arrogance the triumph of the fool?
84) 17) dialog: I saw my mother -- she couldn't read or write -- dependent on a salesman who couldn't make sales and was ashamed to tell her so! Then I learned how things were for him! He died before you boys were born -- in a hit-and-run accident. He lay all night in the street. It was dawwwhen they found him. Do Wheat you like, though. As. far as I'm concerned, you're free. I have no advice te give you. But, if you realiy want to be free, don't come back to this, house in the evening -- His nerves are on fire. His sons seem to be destroying hi He is forced to breathe the air of his own death.
84) 19) dialog: I know. The question is, are you going to do what I tell you to? Do you want to be the only one who's out of step -- and make everyone else unhappy -- just because you're determined to have your own way? Then you'll stay indoors. 84.
84) 20) dialog: You just won't have dinner tonight. None of us will! Jack looks at his mother. He does not want to bring her a more unhappiness.
84) 22) dialog: Thank you for saying "Sir". (to his wife) You know what they say in the Navy. If you have a grumbling crew, you have a fit crew. When they don't grumble, something's wrong. He will learn to deceive. He will vse coming and guile to defend himself and get what he wants. He will never outwardly defy his father. nis defiance wil inward and therefore harder to root out; first it must be detected. He will avenge himself in the cleverest way, without his father's ever knowing it.
85) 1) dialog: -- I want to make him strong. I want him to expect great things of himself -- to hold himself with the best. A father gives his child Strength. will!
85) 3) dialog: They love me. I'm going to make them do it. I could have had my own company ~- been a wealthy man. But, no, we had kids -- I had to take the first job that came along -- Am I a father, or a faucet?
85) 5) dialog: (surprised) I do. 85.
86) 0) text: When they next see their father, he pretends nothing is wrong. Does he think they could not hear?
86) 1) dialog: What do you want for your birthday ?
87) 0) text: . Jack watches his father work on the Studebaker, which h raised up on a jack. What would happen if he kicked it ou -- Christmas scenes. Other houses on the block. Each is a home. Is his? The singing, the lights -~ ruined by argume discord --
87) 1) text: His rage is deep as hell. He studies his father's straigh razor, with its tortoiseshell handle. Afraid of the darkn rising up within him, he hides it under the sheets in the linen closet. Alone in his bedroom, he prays:
88) 1) dialog: What are you doing playing out here? Get to work. (turning to RL) Did you practice your guitar?
91) 18) dialog: You come and go. I've put up with it for years. Get out! Get a job!
91) 21) dialog: It will do him good. Eyeyone has to do his part. Your brothers come to spend three days, they end up staying for six months. She watches as her brother goes off.
93) 0) text: Milton Stone, a boy Jack's age, is swimming an underwater race at a public pool when, suddenly, he turns over on hi back and floats up to the surface, his arms thrown wide. other boys think he is kidding and splash him with water until they see his lips are blue. Panic spreads. Many shr away, but Mr. O'Brien comes forward to take command of th situation- He calls for an ambulance. He breathes into Milton's mouth. The boys stand in the shallows, hold hand and say the Lord's prayer. Jack looks left and right, pro of his father, who gazes at Mrs. Stone with a heartfelt sympathy. EXT. PORCH — RESUMING THE FOREGOING SCENE - NIGHT Jack marvels at\Wis mother, She seems never to want anyth She does not vacy, like their father; is constant in temp
94) 0) text: Mr. O'Brien is baffled by thé opposition which he creates himself. Home should be a haven from the world's contempt The ingratitude of children can drive a man to madness. He keeps the family's life from being either comfortable tedious. They \iveinoa: continual state of uncertainty. I his better moods he ig their comic. He plays the piano li Harpo Marx in "A Night ak the Opera." He lights a cork, b it out and apeliesthe Aack ash to his upper lip to create dandy's moustacne. tte puts on airs and acts out dramas. sits at the piano and makes it all up as he goes along, l a little opera. Mrs. O'Brien laughs as he leaps over the sofa, fencing no He is like a’child himself, with sudden spasms of craving physical affection -- for proofs of a sentimental love. Jack remembers other times when he has felt close to his father. How precious, how wonderful those hours were! Lyi on the car seat and listening to him sing to himself at t steering wheel as they went on vacation --
94) 1) dialog: Come on! 345 x 78. Visualize it. Try again. In your mind. You're not trying. Pay attention. Trust me. I'm doing this to help you. 95.
94) 2) dialog: What is it? I want you to stand there till you tell me. RL stands in place until the sun goes down. Steve turns t his father.
110) 0) text: His mother and father argue. She tries to keep her voice down.
110) 2) dialog: Don't they see all I'm doing for them? 104.
110) 4) dialog: I. don't want them to get lazy.
110) 6) dialog: They need me. More than T need them.
110) 8) dialog: Pretend?
118) 2) dialog: We don't have the money... The other boys can't go. It wouldn't be fair.
118) 4) dialog: People would wonder what was wrong... We'd lose face.
123) 1) dialog: Come in here. We want to speak with you. Sit down. (he does) We never finished college, neither I nor your mother. We want you to have the best education. So we've decided -- we're sending you off to school. He turns accusingly to his mother. She looks away. She do not wish it. But he has been fighting so much with his father, it might be the only way to save him from destruction. 110.
123) 2) dialog: «+-We'll still see you on vacation. It's just a hundred miles away, you know. A good school. I've spoken with the people there. They know what a good boy you are. But if we're going to do this, then you will work. Your brothers -- Jack leaps up and rushes out of the house.
127) 1) dialog: Go play for a while, will yous want to speak to your mother alone. Inwardly, he seems to stagger.
128) 1) dialog: They're closing the plant. I can either steike out on my own, or stay with he company and take whatever job they offer me. They expect me to beg.
128) 3) dialog: We have to think of the kids. Don't tell them what happened. i don't want them to worry. Moved at the sight of his shame and dismay, she touches h cheek, consoling him. Jack watches through a crack in the door. Mr. O'Brien trembles with a sense of wonder and discovery. 112.
128) 4) dialog: I'm not the man I thought I was. I've driven my sons away from me. I thought I was making them -- tough -- so they could live in the world -- so they could get ahead -- go farther. I treated them with malice.
128) 6) dialog: I did. I knew while Lwas doing it. It was a rational malice. L thought I could never harm anyone L loved! I worked my fingers+o the bone. Six, seven days a week. I titwed at church. I made the others think I was something I'm not. And you, what have I done to you, who've loved me through it all: someone lower than a worm.
128) 8) dialog: They gave me a choice: no job, or a job nobody wants. Where did I go wrong? But this could be an exci din new opportunity for us. I Mean, not really being fired, yusr—-— reassigned . I've gone about aS facasgI1 can go here. It might be +tme +o Move on. Jack sees RL has come up behind him in the hall.
128) 9) dialog: It was my fault. I believed in the company! What I should have done was take my life into my own hands. Now I'm low. In the mud. The strange thing is -- I feel free! (taking her hands) Thank you for loving me! 113.
128) 10) text: Jack looks at his mother and father. He waits for an explanation. He never before has seen him shaken and bewildered.
128) 12) dialog: I lost my job. They want to -- transfer me. They don't understand the business. There are ups and downs. Everyone knows +hat -- Jack's heart opens towards him.
128) 13) dialog: Do you understand? You Can. You will! Forgive me. I've behaved so badly -- I've not only lost the light myself, but the power to give it to you -- my children. I've given you my darkness instead. And it will take you years to find your way out of it. I wanted to be strong! A man you could love -- He looks at them. He sees how much he needs them, more th the success he craved, more than wealth or prestige.
128) 14) dialog: Can you love me?
128) 16) dialog: No you're not. I can make up for it. All those wasted years -- it will be like they never were! The waste! (after a pause) Just work hard. You don't need to be rich. By God, we've still got some fight in us yet, boy! We're not dead yet. Not half dead! Even in such a moment his father cannot resist a theatric flourish. 114.
128) 17) dialog: Now. we'll only be able to, send one of you away to school. You have to get through. The way your grandfather did, when he came to this country.
128) 19) dialog: Don't say that -- You boys are all that I've done in le. Otherwise . I drew a zilch. (after a pause) You're all I have -- allZ want to have. He lays his hands on top of Jack's head.
128) 20) dialog: Father, I give him my blessing. There's so much I can't do, and haven't done. I give you my son! Bless and keep him. Bless all the children. (to Jack) Know that, much as I love you, there's one who loves you even more -- wholl always guard and protect you -—
128) 23) dialog: Don't say that! How could I -~ not forgive anyone? He hugs his father close. He has learned to love and be loved. In forgiving, he receives forgiveness too. 115. Forgiveness has given him the key to reality. He sees it love is the answer to evil and sorrow. He will love every leaf and every stone, every ray of light! This is the way to the lost kingdom. This is what life wi be: drawing closer and closer to the eternal.
131) 5) dialog: Mr. O'Brien sees his wife saying goodbye to her gardenias She runs her hand over the bright, waxy leaves.
131) 6) dialog: They won't grow in the north. She nods, comes to his side, smiles.
131) 7) dialog: Let's not fight or blame each other. Can we start again? I'm going to make you happy. 117.
133) 2) dialog: Pick it up by the handle.
133) 4) dialog: We'll leave at sunrise.
144) 3) dialog: Turning, Jack sees his mother, father and Steve looking o He leads RL towards them.
144) 6) dialog: My son! Now, with open arms, his father comes towards him. Love unites what death and suffering have put asunder. He turn to his wife. She caresses her child's hair. She looks at strangers who are standing by, as though.to ask if she is dreaming. She looks at Jack. She nods. Her grief is cured Her doubts are ended.
147) 0) text: We return to the present, to the noise and confusion of t everyday, to the place we set out from. We see it now as though for the first time. What seemed plain and familiar glows with a radiance it did not display before. We have found the infinite in the everyday, the commonplace. Jack looks about. Will the revelation be forgotten? Will seem a passing fancy -- a dream? Inside the house, his father is playing the piano. His mo has gone into the backyard. A bell sounds. 126. The great oak tree stands like a sentient being -- thoughtful, benevolent -- looking down on him. He puts his ear against the trunk and listens for those w that, it was foretold, would destroy the evil in men's he and bring them good. The camera rises up through the branches, cranes up and u until it breaks out of the canopy of leaves into the sky above. All ends in peace, as music does. The last chord melts in ordinary production sound. Time has reappeared; resumed i sway. And still the vision is not the Jovenery. Tue real journe yet to begin. Will he give himself to this new life? Does he dare? A stranger, smiling. A threshold. A star.