0) 0) text: An ordinary house in central Texas. A neighborhood at the edge of town. Three children -- brothers -- are playing in the back yar The eldest, 11, is JACK. RL is two years younger, and STE is 6. Their MOTHER and FATHER, Mr. and Mrs. O'Brien, look In the center of the yard stands a tall oak tree. The yea 1956.
5) 13) text: Gradually we become aware of Jack, their eldest son, grow now. The others have tried and failed to console his moth How shall he?
5) 14) dialog: It broke your heart. Never afterwards were you the same -- your faith in goodness shaken -- though carefully you kept it secret, lest our faith be shaken, too. (she walks alone) In vain! We knew! Gone. He has left the world a shar A friend whispers in M O'Brien's ear: .
5) 16) dialog: Why do you grieve and waste away? You 3e: love flowed out un ly! The rails weave in and out »eneath the wheels. The steel lines of fate. I+ runs along its way, defies all other pa all walls, crashes ‘hrough every obstacle. She cannot be persuaded to turn or look. She sits with he face averted, staring at the ground. Each day she finds it harder to bear. She cannot read, or sleep. The dawn light coming in through the window is gha to her. It is as though he had died again. And. yet she w not be surprised if he were to walk into the room. Children play. Spring comes. The crocus raise their heads The redbuds blaze. They return. A door through which one fears to look. A path one shrink from taking. Empty parks. A vast, neglected garden. A gat The past consuming all. Decaying statues in a long, straight lane of trees. The figures of forgotten gods. They gaze at the horizon as th in search of their deliverer. Balustrades; a drained pool Walks strewn with sodden leaves. Stairs that lead nowhere butterfly.” She remembers when the sun shone about her, when it seeme that she would die in her nest. Crows hovering over a stubble field, foraging in the furr
5) 17) dialog: Who are you that took him? You smash what. is most dear --» send flies to wounds you might have. healed. Who can hinder ~ you? Friends come by less. She does not mind Her child is more present to her in death than, really, they in life. Good night, my child. She shall not see him. Till heaven earth have passed away. Sent for nothing. The faces of those who live on; strange preferred to him. ‘High overhead, migrating geese call to each other; separ lost in the clouds. A buoy, clanging in the fog. Nature has returned to chaos. A hand on a curtain. What is death? What will it be like? pictures stop. The movie ends. Jack stops on the Street, listens. It is as though the wi were trying to tell him something. He finds himself on a staircase, its upper and lower reac lost in the darkness.
5) 18) dialog: You whom we met in the woods and on the hills, whom first in her eyes we knew -- how shall I name you? CcUs to show his mother's air of embarrassed shyness; her humor and truthfulness; her affectionate, sorrowing face, always looking into him, wishing him strength and happine Her hands when she is very old: those worn hands that on held so much that was dear to them, that once he could ta and hold as tightly and for as long as he wished. Soon he must lose her, too, with all he loves. Change; the spring of all sorrow. Is anything exempt from birth, growth and decay? Nothing everlasting? A shadow dancing on the ground. This world is passing awa His father, who at first was careful to remain calm and composed, rips off his coat and tears at his hair in grie
5) 19) dialog: Teach me the way to you. The oak tree in the front yard. Its roots fgach down into darkness of the earth, towards its cemfer Qnd source. The branches spread towards the light, towards _discovery and utterance; a fountain of life.
5) 20) dialog: Brother, dear brother -- We had one heart within us. One soul -- where you left off and I began, I could not tell. The immovable trunk, a universe of leaves spreading above whispering; an oracle.
5) 21) dialog: Wher are you? How shall I find you again? I will go in search of you -- through all the worlds. The camera rises Vhrough the branches, seeks a way toward the sky above.
5) 22) dialog: Brother, speak through me! Guide me! Answer me from where you are! See what I was, what I am now! Lend your spirit to this song! He discovers himself on the verge of falling asleep at th wheel of a car. He fights to stay awake. The car is drift off the road, and still he cannot rouse himself to consciousness, to the required act of will. A hand touches his shoulder, waking him —-
6) 2) dialog: Sweet brother -- you who filled our hearts with light -- who drew us close, who made us one -- a family, a home -- gone. Into the night which has no dawn. He stops, listens. The grey light of 4 television flicker the ceiling of a lonely apartment.. Somewhere a couple ra and howl at each other. Time lapse shots of tall buildings, with clouds passing a them. Hallways. Offices at night. Walls.
6) 3) dialog: What was it. that you pointed to -- knew better than I? You overlooked insult and injury. Were gentle, kind -- Nothing adds up, or leads to anything else. He lives in succession. The shadows of passérsby on the street. A dry streambed. garden in winter, The stiff, dead stalks of sunflowers; t heads bowed in defeat.
6) 4) dialog: Speakllet me hear -- see! Let it not have been in vain! Sing with me -- through me -- you, the true artist -- lend me your strength! ‘Everything conspires to lead one to go on as before. To in the tomb. To sleep. The concrete banks of the L.A. river. Nature is dying. Without nature, will the spirit die? The eye flits here a there, like a frightened bird. The others guess nothing of his condition, and he speaks a word. What would he say? Fog from the beach. Faces, indistinct. 11.
6) 6) dialog: Losing you, I lost: my way Physical life in a world abandoned by the spirit. Organiz unreality. The soul a hindrance in one's dealings here. A burden. A mere quantity of thoughts and desires. One is without form and void. Thousand-minded. At odds wi himself. A miscellany, not a man. Cold public works. The city; the lost creation; the cosmo become a Cave. Travelers on a New York subway. All await a new Creation. None knows how to bring it fort He finds himselF on an Orliner. It skims over the tops of the trees, rising and falling, struggling to stay aloft. flies under power lines, narrowly avoids houses and apart buildings. The other passengers have gone to sleep, or pa attention. The roar of the senses; loud, ever louder. Sensation beco substance. The false world so surrounds us that it taken place of nature. This is a new death; death of the spirit, extinction of t soul. The supreme misery: to be cheated of the sight of essence find oneself abandoned to the busy dance of things which away. What is despair but to lose the eternal? 12. Forms dissolve like thoughts, like shapes in a waterfall. Newspaper headlines. Fragments of TV shows. Swarming fact Walls, security lights, traffic. A dark, empty cathedral. Where are you to find the spring and source of life? Will die before you do?
11) 2) dialog: Momma! 22. A ball rolls ahead of him. He cannot close his hands arou it. He reaches in.a bucket of minnows. The little fish si as they run from his hand. His mother watches as he takes his first steps. She feels pinprick in her chest, a pinch: to see his first attempt independence, freedom, detachment. He chases the sky. Hé wraps himself in skirts of light. H laughs with delight as she catches him up into her arms. The table walks, the faucet sings. His happiness in infin But in a picture from the story book -- the crocodile pul on the elephant by his nose. Why? Why does he do that?
13) 0) text: A crib stands in front of a bright window, A new child li in it; his brother RL. How friendly the universe looks to his mother now! A gift from the light! How kind the divinity who favored her thi way! She is born at the same time as her children. She learns their laughter. She grows. up with them. She whispers a blessing. Jack looks at his new brother. At: first he does not shar mother's pleasure. When will it do something? Will it go. to the hospital?
13) 1) dialog: Baby night night! He hears the baby's shouts of joy, its squeals and warble delight. Now he must share her love. She holds it instead
13) 3) dialog: Here's me! We move in widening circles, farther and farther away fro his first, familiar world.
15) 2) dialog: Where's his momma?
15) 4) dialog: How many of them will there be? On closer examination he finds the child fascinating. He touches it, strokes its skin.
17) 0) text: Jack wants to stroke the new baby, then to pour a glass o water on him. A glance from his mother restrains him.
18) 6) dialog: Mine!
18) 12) dialog: Who .do you love most?
18) 14) dialog: All three? (she nods) Can I tell you something he did?
19) 0) text: When some of the neighborhood kids push RL into a puddle, Jack rushes at them with a stick and puts them to flight.
19) 1) dialog: Clear out! He flings rocks at the retreating figures. RL looks at hi gratefully. As they go back to the house, he puts his arm around his big brother's waist. Music enters. 28.
21) 2) dialog: Leave it on. The tiny nightlight watches over their sleep, burning eve through the long hours until morning. In the moonlight the bushes assume a tropical size; the leaves are painted silver. You would think the moon had chosen where to shine. Mrs. O'Brien comes back to give RL an aspirin crushed in spoonful of molasses. 29.
22) 0) text: Jack wakes up. All is as it was before. Where was he? The sweetgum tree that was planted at his brother's birth mar the passage of five years. His eyes until now have been shielded from the sight of e suffering and death; his family united, with no hint of contradiction between his mother and father. The world coheres. Things assume their conventional names take their customary places. We settle into the main epoc the story. 30. Jack is now 11 years old, in 6th grade, his brothers 9 an RL is a gentle boy, loved by all, quiet and generous, wit good sense of humor. Steve is combative, wild, but brave loyal, too. A title card reads: "TEXAS, 1956". Where before we kept entirely to the family's house, we n shall venture farther and farther into the neighborhood a eventually out into the town in central Texas where they live, far from the world at large. The neighbors' yards are shaded by oak trees and surround by low hedges that the children have cut gaps through. Th O'Brien house stands with five or six others on the last street in a subdivision. Its front is turned towards the other houses. Behind it lie the open woods: rolling hills juniper, broken here and there by Cow pastures.
23) 0) text: Now that the heat of the afternoon is past, the neighbors their hoses out. The sprinklers start up with a cough. Standing with their sleeves rolled up, the men regard the gravely, each adjusting his faucet until the water falls precisely to the lawn's perimeter. Rapt as a bird, Jack watches the sprinklers spin round an round, until he hears his mother calling him home.
25) 0) text: He shows Jack a patch of their lawn tnat ‘5 overrun with grass and burrs.
26) 4) dialog: Pass the butter, please.
26) 6) dialog: Sir.
26) 8) dialog: Went to school.
26) 10) dialog: Nothing.
26) 13) dialog: I picked where you told me to.
26) 15) dialog: Uh huh.
28) 5) dialog: Go back and wait on the porch. Count to Fifty, then you come.
28) 8) dialog: Come on! 36.
28) 15) dialog: They wouldn't mind a visitor, Howard.
28) 21) dialog: We've got to go, Howard.
28) 24) dialog: We've got to go. Howard gives them a blank, haunted look. Then, without sa a word, he turns and heads home. The boys can barely make their mother's figure out where stands by the porch light in the gathering darkness. How pleasant to defy her -- to pretend you have not heard -- dissolve into the night, where even the dogs are blind. 38.
29) 2) dialog: can't you reach it? His father does not answer. Jack goes over, picks up the lighter, gives it to him and starts off toward the bedroo
29) 6) dialog: Yes, sir.
30) 0) text: Jack says goodnight to the rocks in his rock collection. whispers their names: apatite, chalcedony, azurite, obsid
31) 3) dialog: Stevie! They call to their little brother. When he comes running the hall, they jerk a rope they have concealed in a seam the carpet, and he goes sprawling. 40. He is silent for a moment, then gets up quickly, laughing Shep races around in mad excitement.
32) 0) text: Jack and RL run to school.
34) 0) text: Jack's teacher, Mr. Reese, is a dapper man with a high vo and a Clark Gable moustache. Jack glances around nervousl He has trouble keeping his mind on the lessons; trouble, getting along with the other children. He does not know w There is a prety) freckled girl whom he would particularl like to make ag impression on. Her name is Marsha. She is graceful, with long brown hair. Her smile leaves him pleasantly confused. He listens in rapture as Marsha stands in front of the wh class and sings, "Once I Had a Secret Love."
35) 0) text: One afternoon with his mother, Jack sees a lame man hobbl along the sidewalk. He watches in pity and horror as the man limps away. That shape could be his. Nothing that he knows or possesses co defend him. It might happen at any moment. Without rhyme reason. It might be right around the corner, or come up f behind. He turns to his mother: JACK . Is this a rare thing? Can it happen to anyone? She looks at him, nods. A trouble comes into his mind. He does not know the cause. She can make hurt and fear go away. But sickness? What if of them got sick? What if she herself did? He remembers a man in the barber shop with one shoe bigge than the other. What. did it hide, that big shoe?
36) 2) dialog: Like that? Will you? (she nods) Will 1?
38) 0) text: Howard leads Jack towards his house. In the fading light appears oddly: solitary. No light shines from within.
39) 0) text: Jack had looked forward to coming here. But his heart sin as he enters the house for the first time. The heavy drap are drawn tight shut. One breathes an atmosphere of sorro an air of insufferable gloom. The mere contemplation of t dark Spanish furniture, the mounted antelope heads and li dusty magazines unnerves him. 43. There are stacks of old papers here and there. Cardboard boxes stand in the corner, yet unpacked. The living room like an attic; the lights are dim, and the lampshades yel with age. There are withered roses in a vase.-.No life he only a memory of life. Howard is shy enough when they are playing, but now he se especially silent and afraid. He looks around anxiously f some game to play. Mrs. Wells knocks things over in the kitchen,’ weaving as prepares their dinner. She wears a bathrobe. Jack does no get a clear look at her. HOWARD . She said we could do anydhin we want. They walk on a table. They drink pop and play with knives Howard even throws a knife into the back of a door.
39) 1) dialog: Where's your dad, Howard? Howard makes a gesture as though to say: He just took off Went! Jack sees that Mrs. Wells is in her bedclothes, tho it is not time for bed. He turns to Howard, who looks awa He gazes at Mrs. Wells with astonishment and dread. He is careful to spare Howard's feelings and smiles awkwardly. A few minutes later, he asks Howard if he can use the pho Howard nods. Jack calls his mother. He takes care to spea softly. Howard iS Standing nearby but, with an exquisite consideration, be turns away.
39) 2) dialog: Mother, Can I come home?
39) 4) dialog: Nothing. I can walk. Howard does not seem surprised. He makes no protest. Jack shakes his hand, in an awkward effort to reassure hi his friendship. Rusty peers out of his room at the older boys. He has been quiet the whole time.
40) 0) text: Jack goes home, dragging his blanket behind him. The Well chow dog watches but does not chase him. The unhappy hous looms in the background as the whistle of a distant train pierces the stillness.
41) 0) text: Jack throws himself into his mother's arms.
41) 1) dialog: There's nothing like that, is there? She frowns. He cannot tell her what is disturbing him. Th no longer speak with one voice. He has descended into the world of duality.
42) 1) dialog: Mother, which one of us do you love most?
42) 3) dialog: But ~~ we don't care -- who most? She laughs and kisseS RL's feet.
42) 4) dialog: How can you do that? It's disgusting.
42) 6) dialog: Yeah, but you don't kiss them! RL teases his brother with a glance. She reads the story of Peter Rabbit to the younger boys. has done so a hundred times before. It is the only story ask to hear. 45.
42) 9) dialog: Lunch. She looks at RL who lies nearby.
42) 11) dialog: Uh huh. I don't know how far he'll get.
42) 13) dialog: When we're out in the woods, he just likes to gawk at the fish. And sometimes --
42) 15) dialog: --~ he. doesn't stick up for himself, or hit back. What's going to happen to him? (she smiles) You can talk him out of his money or whatever he has in his pocket. He kept a dead minnow in his wallet. Just thinking about it makes me want to throw up. I'm not kidding. She laughs. At the same time, it troubles her to see the first signs of self in him. She knows the way this road m lead. 46. Whether it be his grandmother, or Mrs. Wells in her drape rooms, or the lame man downtown, Jack quickly forgets eve disturbance in the mystery that comes punctually at the e of the day, when the world melts away and he enters the l of forgetting. INT. DINING ROOM —- WITH IDEALIZED IMAGES OF OTHER HOMES Mr. O'Brien clinks a glass with his. spoon to get their attention.
42) 17) dialog: I was going to.
42) 19) dialog: What's that?
43) 0) text: Later, Jack overhears his mother and father whispering in living room.
43) 16) dialog: She's not crying.
43) 18) dialog: Well, she won't cry for long.
45) 0) text: Jack watches her set the laundry out to dry.
45) 2) dialog: Nothing. She begins to chase him; a girl again. He runs around the house, breathless with delight. Then, all at once, he doe not hear her. When he goes back to look for her, she jump out of the shadows. He does not lau
45) 3) dialog: Don't fight with Dad. She looks away, embarrassed. How much doeg he know? His h aches for her, constantly. She feels him back of her, wai on her, bearing what part of the burden he can. EXT. O'BRIEN HOUSE -— LAWN Mr. O'Brien inspects the lawn.
45) 5) dialog: There's so much. All crab grass. I can't. Z won't.
46) 3) dialog: Was that a water moccasin?
48) 2) dialog: Elie 68ND
49) 0) text: Jack has divided a cupcake his mother baked into two portions. Steve waits for his. Turning to Jack, she asks:
53) 5) dialog: Why'd you do that?
54) 6) dialog: Don't go. We can fix you dinner.
56) 0) text: Later that night Jack wakes up to a muffled noise of ange the living room. He sits up in his bed. Outside the trees swash back and forth, filling him with a sense of terror. He slips out of bed and peers through a crack in the door into the living room.
56) 3) dialog: Why are you crying, Mother? sweet Mother!
56) 5) dialog: I know you're crying now, but someday you’ won't. Someday we're going to -- help you -- (how? ) Can I get you something to drink? How is she to get close to her. husband? This is a slow starvation. She has almost resigned herself to loneliness isolation. She is determined that the children should kno nothing of her troubles. They are anxious enough as it is Jack runs to his bedroom and gathers up his savings, twen or thirty dollars in coins. He gives them to her in a jar She touches him on the cheek. She avoids his eyes. He knows the misery of nights. He sees her eyes dark and pinched with torture; she whom he loves more than life; s whom he would die to save from any hurt.
56) 6) dialog: We're all right. We won't ever leave you, Mom.
56) 8) dialog: We won't ever do anything to make you unhappy. I promise. 57. Later, hearing her voice in the other room, it strikes hi that some day he might be left to himself in this world. whisper, he prays:
56) 9) dialog: Help me not be mean. Help me not to sass my Dad --—
57) 0) text: The next day, Mr. O'Brien inspects Jack's yard-work.
57) 2) dialog: The grass won't grow under the trees. His soul is seared into a rage. Nothing is enough.
57) 4) dialog: They have a yardman. fATHER (defensively) They have money. Kimball inherited it. All day I'm at the office! It seems you can put in a few hours out here. You want me to go over it again? What are you smiling about? I know what you're thinking.
57) 5) dialog: You do?
58) 2) dialog: They always land ontheirfeet. Cayler nods. He, too, is curious tg see how the cat will react to the fall. It yowls and lands with @ thud, shakes itself and walks off slowly. RL glances at. Jack with a n distrust. Jack looks away. Where before it seemed all evil lay outs now with a growing dread he sees that it might lie within him, too. He cheats to win, yet he is angry when others cheat him.
58) 4) dialog: No, you didn't. I was just wounded! How can he object. to the evil in others, when he does th very things which jy them he deplores? Robert watches from afar.
59) 6) dialog: I don't get it.
59) 8) dialog: The whole thing.
59) 10) text: Mr. O'Brien sees how the boys dote on their mother. He wa Jack and RL over to the car.
59) 12) dialog: Who lives there?
60) 0) text: Jack burns with embarrassment as Mr. O'Brien complains to waitress about their food, then kisses her hand for servi them well. He makes @ big show of giving her a tip, holdi the money out, +hen pulfin it away when she reaches for i Oddly, she does not Mind all this as much as Jack does, b laughs it off as play.
60) 2) dialog: Why do you work so hard?
60) 4) text: The city, which at first seemed glorious to Jack, is a mystery to him now, with its freight yards and grain elevators, its blind men, cripples and drunks shouting fr the doorways.
61) 0) text: Jack listens as his father questions his mother about a b spoon.
62) 0) text: Outside, Jack climbs the live oak tree. Higher and higher goes, until he stands like a sailor on top of a mast. The he may commune with himself. The world below seems small unreal. The door bursts open. His father storms outside and sits the porch. A few moments later, RL comes outside. He sits down beside his father and rests his head against his shoulder. Jack watches. He wonders if he could love his father, too 63.
63) 2) dialog: No, Ma'am -- she's ok He sees how Mr. Bates draws his sons close, hugs them tenderly, strokes their hair.
64) 0) text: The next morning, Mr. O'Brien sits at the organ in church seems calm and untroubled. He loves the winding toccatas fugues, the candles, the stillness of the choir loft befo the service, the music swelling out majestically as he presses down the keys. His will relaxes. He ceases to fre All is as it should be. Why not always so? Why do people oppress each other? Why are they not faithf to the best in themselves? - The camera rises over the ranks of pipes, over the glad and the stained glasS windows. Jack marvels at this fathe man who for all his faith and vitality suffers from a dee disquiet, as though not even. being God-fearing and pious could bring peace’ to his Soul. His. fingers work the keys, his. feet walk up and down th pedals. Jack reads the music, turns the pages, pulls the stops. At such moments they are bound together in harmony Later, Jack walks in the church, alone. His footsteps are loud in the silence. A sparrow, caught inside the buildin flies through the rafters and beats its wings against a h windows, trying to find a way out.
65) 6) dialog: He gave it to me. That one's my favorite. 65.
65) 11) dialog: Leave him alone! His father looks up, astonished. Jack strikes him with hi fist, steps back.and stares at him defiantly. His father slaps him across the face.
66) 2) dialog: (in a whisper) We have each other.
67) 0) text: Alone, Jack walks past a neighbor's clothesline. White underclothes hang among the sheets and towels. Jack remembers going by the Browns one night in search of overthrown ball, how he saw Mr. Brown strike his wife in presence of their children. No one else witnessed the eve The Browns had been a family whose happiness was taken fo granted. It now’seems to Jack that behind the calm facade ordinary life, there might lie something dark and shamefu
68) 0) text: The woods are full of drafts, like@ Spring fed pool. Jack walks under the trees, seeking a presence he has known he before. Nature is free and without blemish. The rustling leaves refresh his shattered nerves. Their spirit is his mother' own. A presence, yes. It speaks. Come, it says; find me. me you will discover that which does not fail or disappoi An unseen hand ceaselessly touches his face, his heart. How to see as the oak tree does?
69) 2) dialog: Who says?
70) 0) text: Some days. later Jack hears the tinkling of the wind chim the Kimballs' house. Wandering toward$ it, he notices the car pulling away. He waits, then cavtiovs ly he enters th garage. A door leads from the laundry yoorn jnto the hous looks around to see in anyone is watching, ten quietly he opens it.
72) 2) dialog: Nothing. She goes back to what she was doing. He feels queasy and confused for having told a lie.
72) 3) dialog: I went in the Kimballs' house. They weren't there.
72) 5) dialog: The door was open.
72) 8) dialog: Are you going to tell Dad? She hesitates a moment, then shakes her head. With her th is forgiveness. Whether or not you ask for it. Whether or you deserve it.
73) 0) text: His father gives Jack a lecture.
73) 5) dialog: (interrupting) ~ Why shouldn't I get whatI want? They do. What about me?
73) 7) dialog: Are you going to leave us? (she shakes her Ts he? nead) Jack wonders if he really wishes it. When he comes out of daydream, his father {¢ still talking.
74) 0) text: A stray dog appears; a stranger to the neighborhood. It b into things. It séems that it might be blind. Curious, nonchalant, it trots through the street until Howard's purple-tongued chow materializes out of nowhere attack it. The boys look on in horror as Shep joins in th fight. His hostility towards a poor, defenseless creature astonishes them., It seems there iS no mevcy for the weak helpless; no quarter given. And the truth is, Jack himsel does not mind watching things get worse, Tt is not until of the adults roll out a hose and Stov4 Spray ing water o dogs that he comes to himself and pulls Shep ai .
74) 2) dialog: Stay here! Shep will not jook Wim in his eye but twists and turns, e to get back into the fray Later the same afternoou, they hear the screech of brakes a strange, high yelp. Then, far away, a soft wail or moan Steve breaks Yneb teavs.
76) 0) text: Jack listens as Steve questions their mother.
78) 3) dialog: We're going to stay up late.
78) 9) dialog: He drank all the milk and didn't leave us any. Steve bolts out the door and runs around naked in the rai The thunder and lightning delight him; the water rushing through the gutters, sucking at his ankles, so cool.
79) 0) text: Jack brings a jar of ice water and a plate of sandwiches to 0.C., a laborer whom his father has hired to spread fr loam on,the yard. 78. O.c. Your mother sent this? Well, she's the nicest lady. She's a good mother and a good woman. I never worked for nobody as considerate. His salmon-colored palms grip the shovel. He works all da long in the broiling sun. He never complains. There is a it seems, which is compatible with hardship and misfortun ¢
79) 1) dialog: Have you seen my fireflies? He shows 0.C. the bottle filled : O.C. Those are the souls of dead people. You should let them 9° Did I scare you? I didn't mean t
80) 0) text: They are up on the roof of a house. They have no business there, and they know it. Jack nods for RL to jump off.
80) 1) dialog: You have to; if you want to join the club.
80) 3) dialog: T alveady did.
80) 5) dialog: You weren't around. They laugh. Later, he dares his brother to stick | a coat hanger into a light socket.
80) 6) dialog: I turned it off. It won't hurt. I tested it. . RL smiles when nothing happens. But then, as they are roa around, Jack snatches a stick out of RL's hand. He does n protest. 79.
82) 0) text: Another day, outside the courthouse, Jack looks up and se man shouting from a window on the second floor. There are bars on the window; hands are thrust through them. Nearby, on the sidewalk, he sees a prisoner who has been down the front steps ‘of the courthouse by two men with g high on their hips. The group passes close by. The prisoner's wrists are boun a restraining belt. He answers the taunting eyes of courthouse loafers with a sneer of proud defiance. Someho Jack feels close to him; closer, moment, to this stranger than to his own family. ,
84) 11) dialog: (hesitantly) Dad? Why --
84) 13) dialog: You do. 83.
84) 15) dialog: This is your house. You can throw me out whenever you like. (quaking all over) You want to kill me!
84) 18) dialog: I hate you.
84) 21) dialog: I'm sorry, sir.
87) 0) text: . Jack watches his father work on the Studebaker, which h raised up on a jack. What would happen if he kicked it ou -- Christmas scenes. Other houses on the block. Each is a home. Is his? The singing, the lights -~ ruined by argume discord --
87) 2) dialog: Please, God, let him die! 86. A snake slides through the oak tree, swaying as the wind blows, matching the movement of the branches.
88) 0) text: Mr. O'Brien walks outside. Jack and RL are playing.
89) 0) text: Jack watches RL practice on a hal€-seale quitar . He is a musician, unlike his brothers. Their mother listens, rapt, as she Aandles steve on her k When RL gets frustrated with his mistakes, she consoles h
89) 3) dialog: Not me. I never get tired.
89) 5) dialog: No I didn't. I was just pretending. You want to call me a liar?
89) 7) dialog: Afraid to?
89) 9) dialog: If I was to say you're scared, would you want to call me a liar?
89) 11) dialog: Then you're scared, aren't you?
90) 0) text: Jack stands witw Wis mother in the front yard.
90) 3) dialog: (interrupting) He tells me one thing. You tell me another. Inwardly, she resigns herself to losing her eldest son.
90) 5) dialog: Then why are you unhappy?
91) 0) text: Her brother, their Uncle Ray, has come to visit. Mrs. O'B confides in him, unaware that Jack is listening from the other room.
92) 0) text: Only the porch light is burning. Jack has slipped out of house and is picking weeds. The night is so vast: he begi to weep. He puts his face in his hands. He bows to the oa tree. His mother appears. he turns around, startled. She is lov in her flowing Might aowna,
92) 2) dialog: Picking weeds.
92) 4) dialog: So you'll stop fighting. Will she leave? He has begun to guess the depths of her unhappiness. Taking him by the hand, she leads him back t the house. 92.
92) 5) dialog: Momma -- listen -- I'll make you proud. Happy. Here at home. In school. I won't stop until I do! He will take her tears away. She shakes her head. That is what she wants.
92) 7) dialog: That's not enough. 1 can do more.
92) 9) dialog: I will. I swear it. But -~- will you help me?
92) 11) dialog: I nate him. I wish he were dead! He quakes all over. I+seems he has all hell in his heart.
92) 12) dialog: I'll Kitl him if you want!
92) 14) dialog: Do you? (she nods) How? She does not answer right away. He throws himself against closed door. 93.
92) 15) dialog: Why? Why? Why did Johnny Baden push me down? Why did Uncle Ed not come back? You told me it would be all right! Why does he hurt us? Is it me? Something about me?
92) 17) dialog: Have you?
93) 0) text: Milton Stone, a boy Jack's age, is swimming an underwater race at a public pool when, suddenly, he turns over on hi back and floats up to the surface, his arms thrown wide. other boys think he is kidding and splash him with water until they see his lips are blue. Panic spreads. Many shr away, but Mr. O'Brien comes forward to take command of th situation- He calls for an ambulance. He breathes into Milton's mouth. The boys stand in the shallows, hold hand and say the Lord's prayer. Jack looks left and right, pro of his father, who gazes at Mrs. Stone with a heartfelt sympathy. EXT. PORCH — RESUMING THE FOREGOING SCENE - NIGHT Jack marvels at\Wis mother, She seems never to want anyth She does not vacy, like their father; is constant in temp
93) 1) dialog: We're not a happy family, are we? We were before. Will our family be like Howard's? (she kisses him) Now, at school, when I see good kids, I want to be bad. She is silent for a moment.
93) 5) dialog: Have I done anything wrong today?
94) 0) text: Mr. O'Brien is baffled by thé opposition which he creates himself. Home should be a haven from the world's contempt The ingratitude of children can drive a man to madness. He keeps the family's life from being either comfortable tedious. They \iveinoa: continual state of uncertainty. I his better moods he ig their comic. He plays the piano li Harpo Marx in "A Night ak the Opera." He lights a cork, b it out and apeliesthe Aack ash to his upper lip to create dandy's moustacne. tte puts on airs and acts out dramas. sits at the piano and makes it all up as he goes along, l a little opera. Mrs. O'Brien laughs as he leaps over the sofa, fencing no He is like a’child himself, with sudden spasms of craving physical affection -- for proofs of a sentimental love. Jack remembers other times when he has felt close to his father. How precious, how wonderful those hours were! Lyi on the car seat and listening to him sing to himself at t steering wheel as they went on vacation --
95) 0) text: Jack notes how Mrs. Kimball's thin cotton dress clings to in the heat. She drinks from a hose.“Tne water flows over bare feet. MRS. KIMBALL. You want a drink? He shakes his head. She is a kind, lovely woman; shy. Later, he paces back and forth outside the Kimball house, until he sees her through the open drapes. Later still, as night is falling, he walks past the Bates eager to see more. There is an odd gray flicker on the ceiling in the living room. TV has entered the neighborho though no one thinks much of it and only the Bates have a set.
96) 0) text: Howard has a jook of dread on his face. Jack frowns.
101) 0) text: Jack competes with a boy named Billy for the title of cla clown. While Mr. Reese is giving dictation, he stands up asks:
101) 1) dialog: How do you spell "the"? Everyone laughs. He did not ask it as a joke, however. He genuinely forgot. Marsha looks away: This sort of thing i not likely to win her favor. She does not return his gree in the hall. 99.
102) 0) text: Jack stands with Robert and some of the other neighborhoo boys near the Stickleys' garage.
102) 2) dialog: We're not supposed to bother them.
103) 0) text: Jack walks through the clothes fluttering indiscreetly on Kimballs' laundry line. Purple martins flit about their h home.
104) 0) text: Jack is playing with the other boys when, out of the corn of his eye, he sees Mrs. Kimball driving away. He turns b to their games, dAistcacted now. He knows he must not go the house. But the wi6h keeps interposing itself. The garage isstillanAcool . There are a few wasps stirrin in the corner. He +e$ts. the door. Once again, it is open the distance’ he wears the cries of his playmates. He hesitates. This might be the first time he has ever ma simple choice between good and evil, right and wrong. Who would be hurt by his disobedience? Yet this is the on thing his mother has ever so plainly and explicitly forbidden. His heart pounds in his throat. He turns away, the wind chimes seem to draw his attention back to the do
106) 4) dialog: Out in the woods. With Cayler. Once he starts, he cannot stop.
106) 5) dialog: We found some bottles. We broke them, Brown bottles. MOTHER . What is it) Sweetheart? He does not answer, A ¢ jJoud has come over his life. A burglar, a liar, a thief, in bondage to strange forces, t good world forever in his past. She would forgive, but he dares not ask. He lets go of her hand. The tone and visual style of the picture have grown harde more realistic, disenchanted. There are no hints or calls from the transcendent world he knew in his play. No more. What ship has carried him off? To what far land? The change is indicated to him from all quarters: the rot peaches on the tree, the grackles gabbing with each other their roost, the ‘locked gate, a threatening dog, the por light, the wind blowing uselessly this way and that. 102. The stars and the trees have disappeared. They are no mor him than the wallpaper in his room. He will never be a ch again.
108) 0) text: When Jack next speaks with his teacher, he is very pleasa and respectful, if thoroughly ins\ncere. Mr. Reese is deceived by the change in his behavior.
108) 2) dialog: Thank you. And so he learns to make his way in the world. He has beg to-be aware of how he appears to others and of what they think of him. That he can shape their impressions of him act friendly and compliant, then go right on doing what h _pleases, leaving them none the wiser. He will show a petty talent and success in school but ala as a substitute for the real worth that his mother wishes to have.
109) 0) text: Jack sees RL at'wock on a watercolor.
109) 1) dialog: What's that?
109) 3) dialog: I got her a paperweight. Later, he looks. at his paperweight. It is not as persona imaginative a gift as RL's, though it- cost more. Will sh understand? She thanks Jack for his gift, but seems to appreciate RL' more. 103.
109) 5) dialog: I'm not going to do anything you say.
109) 7) dialog: I'm going to do wha} want. (after a pause) What do you know? You let him cun all over you. He sees that his words have stung her. He looks up at her the one who knows him through and through and miraculousl still loves hin. :
109) 8) dialog: What's happening to me? I was so happy before. Why does he do those very things which injure his mother' happiness and cause her anxiety? He vowed to make her hap to redeem her sorrow. Now he is the chief cause of it! Wi his way lead farther and farther down, into darkness and night? Already he \eads the life of a spy. Mrs. O'Brien sees that she has lost him. His soul has dri away. He has gerownhard and closed. He has turned from he way of doing thingSto his father's, though he admires his father's way less. How soon before the other boys follow?
111) 0) text: Jack eavesdrops at doors. He spies on a neighborhood woma from the darkness outside her house. He holds a sealed le up against the Light. He sees a pin-up on a gas station w something is pulling hin away from what is dearest to him When RL calls nim to join in their childish games, he sha his head. He no fonget cares to follow them into the wood
112) 0) text: RL whispers to Jack as he fingers the bark of the oak tre the front yard. o RL I. know we're unhappy now.-- but if we touch this tree -- listen, it will tell us!
112) 1) dialog: What?
112) 3) dialog: What words?
112) 5) dialog: I don't believe in that stuff any more.
113) 2) dialog: You okay? Jack is astonished. T+ is as though a devil had entered h
113) 3) dialog: He was getting in my way. There are more and more things his mother and father do n know about him and could not guess; things that he is gui of far worse than any they have punished him for. This darkness in himself, it lies in others too. He remem standing in the dusk, listening to Howard cry. His father returned home and was beating him with a belt. Why should tornado take better men and leave this beast to roam? Mrs. O'Brien has heard what Jack did to Rusty. 106.
113) 4) dialog: Why do I do these things? You're going to hate me. I want to be like I was before. I want to be little again. She strokes his back, consoling him.
113) 5) dialog: I want to be someone else. I always do stupid things. Sometimes I want to run away. I'm afraid I'm going to turn into a killer. Then I'11l have to kill myself. I mess up. I don't know why. I can make my. hand write a word on a piece of paper. But when I want to act right, I can't do it. You don't Love me anymore, Momma. You don't come and give me hugs like you used to. How can I be good? Why's it so hard? She looks at him and smiles. He hears a train whistle far away.
113) 6) dialog: Starting tomorrow I'm going to change. Mr. Reese is going to give a silver dollar to the one who reads the most books. I want you to be hard with me -- to shout at me.’ I'm ‘na to be a new kid tomorrow. INT. O'BRIEN HOUSE- RADIO SHOWS O.S. He turns from the outdoors to occupy his days with the ra the Sears catalogue and other things of the world.
115) 2) dialog: When I hit you, you don't hit back. Why? His brother is more genial. Why would he not be preferred Then the idea sets in. He will punish his mother through favorite. He will make himself deliberately and knowingly unlovable. He will flaunt his worthlessness as a protest. Now he is alone -- alone with his frailty, with the strug of light and darkness in his soul. A tide is carrying him away from those whom he should love, whose love towards h has not changed in the least.
117) 0) text: Jack's mother has been called in for a conference.
118) 0) text: Jack overhears his parents discussing his future.
119) 0) text: Jack leads his brother out into the field beyond the hous
119) 1) dialog: I've got something to show you. RL wants to go back. Something about his manner is odd.
119) 2) dialog: We can shoot wasps. ~ Jack has brought his BB gun. He urges his brother to put finger over the tip.
119) 3) dialog: Do it. Like this. I won't shoot. Don't you trust me?
120) 1) dialog: I got told on. Even Steve is wary of him. 109.
120) 3) dialog: It was an accident.
120) 5) dialog: You always loved him more. She will not be put off.
121) 0) text: Jack gives RL the thunder egg he treasured. RL is delight He bounces on the bed.
122) 0) text: Jack walks out across the front yard and stands under the tree. He is lost to what he was, but he has found somethi new.
123) 0) text: Some days latec, Jack jeins his parents in the living roo
125) 0) text: RL leads Jack to a new house that is just: going up at th of the block. They slip like ghosts among the sweet-smell studs, and wander through the rooms looking for slugs by electrical boxes. RL looks at him and smiles. Robert appears. A moment later RL is crying.
128) 0) text: He sits down in a corner and gazes out the window. His li now seems to him a folly. The world a fraud. But he might still have them -- his family -- whom he. took for grante Jack hears a muffled cry. At first it seems they might be having another fight. But this is a new, unfamiliar sound moan. Jack stands in the hall, listens.
128) 10) text: Jack looks at his mother and father. He waits for an explanation. He never before has seen him shaken and bewildered.
128) 15) dialog: (nods ) I'm aS pad as you are. (aetec a pause) I'm more like you than her.
128) 18) dialog: I'll work hard, I promise. I'll make you proud. I see all you do. I'm proud of you, Dad.
128) 21) dialog: It's you I want. Jack throws himself jnto his father's arms. Light spreads through his soul, the spirit which moved over the chaos; first light of creation.
128) 22) dialog: Forgive me.
129) 0) text: Jack goes out under the tree in the Front. yard. He sees the eyes of his soul. Even sorrow has brovant him good.
130) 0) text: Jack finds WmselF alone with his mother.
132) 0) text: Jack watches as RL sets an offering at the base of the oa tree: some rocks, a dead minnow, a coin and a playing car
133) 0) text: Jack casts a last, lingering look at the neighbors' house He will never live here again. This part of his life is o But now that music comes back which he once heard in the woods, then ceased to hear; an answering voice.
133) 1) text: Mr. O'Brien is back at his old way, rormenting them with scoldings and arbitrary orders. Yas he Foaottén his great revelation? Jack's nerves are taux, Lk ‘seems forgiveness be an ongoing business.
133) 3) dialog: I see.
134) 0) text: It is early morning. They said their farewells to the neighbors the Mant wefore. The station wagon is loaded up The movers have already left. RL does a rain datce. Steve is in the car. The gate stand open that leads ovt to the woods. Jack comes up beside RU and takes his hand. Bending forwa he kisses his brother on the cheek.
135) 0) text: A rainbow spreads above the horizon as they set out towar the east, onto the cold plain of the world. They pass a highway crew: men toiling by the sweat of the brows. Civilization appears; tall buildings; public works Jack gazes at the road ahead; hopeful, expectant.
136) 0) text: Jack, an adult now, wakes up from his revesie . His soul come to life. He sees the order of thinas, the Sanity of creative scheme; a moral purpose underly: 4 all. Now, before his eyes, the future un@olds, THE WORLD IN RUINS —- THE GREAT TRIBULATION Scenes from the Congo, from Bangladesh, Iraq and Chad. Children stranded by a flood; their mute, inquiring eyes. Dry, abandoned wells. Riots, fires. Grief and dread have seized the earth. EXT. NEW EARTH —- THE FAMILY OF MAN The music shifts to a major key. The C minor of the chaos section is resolved into a triumphant E flat major as, af the great Catastrophe, a new earth appears; a new land of spirit. Evil is oveccome, wrong 1S set right. Men lay down their arms. Manacles are, wadone, Bolts and locks fly open. Bla embraces white, Mushm Jew. Man recovers his lost inheritance. The sov\ ig reconciled with nature. Women from Guatemala, India, Kenya, Greenland: they smile their children. Scenes of peace and harmony: from the Dordogne, from Bhutan’ and Switzerland, and other happy l where the earth is still a garden.
137) 0) text: Jack finds himself at the edge of the city. A choice is offered him: he may either go back into the labyrinth whe he wandered so long, or come out into the unknown and unfamiliar.
144) 0) text: They go down toward the shore, entranced by a growing brightness in the east. They speak with each other in whispers. The shore teems with people now. Water laps at their feet crown lies cast down on the wet sand. Mrs. Stone finds he son, Mrs. McKeever her husband. Jack sees other figures f his past: Mr. Reese, O.C., his grandmother and his uncle, Betty and Ruth, Cayler and others: the prisoner, the lame man, Marsha and Robert. It is as though they were coming together in one great chorus. This is the end of the voyage of life. The music sings: a came from love, to love all shall return. 123. Jack has crossed over death's threshold, gone beyond spac and time, to some greater life which includes death withi it.
144) 2) dialog: Brother! As RL approaches, Jack reaches out and takes his hand. We him from the back; never face on. JACK CCONT’D) I've found you. They melt into each other's arms. Here ,1n the eternal, t have not been apart. The walls of the world fly away. It can hold them no long They know each other in that which is without end.
144) 7) dialog: What you are can't die. 124. The plain and ordinary has become a door to the infinite. lives in that which neither comes into being nor passes a He takes his mother's hands. The music drops away. He kno love and not its semblance. The world itself is music now
145) 0) text: As Jack watches, his mother spreads her arms towards her children, restored to faith and happiness, reconciled to life. Now he sees that it was she -- his mysterious guide, the guardian of his heart, the source of his moral. being. Sh the mother of all creation. All flows out of her; she is gateway, the door. She smiles tnrovay a\\ things. Through her the eternal sought him. From out of her mouth spoke. Through her life and actions she brovaht them near
146) 0) text: Rain. Weeds in the cracks of a sidewalk. Children playing are back with Jack in the city. Even in these streets, th eternal shines. This is God's world, and not an infinite plain of chaos and soccow after all. Though he must lina@ here a while yet, he will not despai A new life I1es bekoce Wim. A faith which sees through de
147) 0) text: We return to the present, to the noise and confusion of t everyday, to the place we set out from. We see it now as though for the first time. What seemed plain and familiar glows with a radiance it did not display before. We have found the infinite in the everyday, the commonplace. Jack looks about. Will the revelation be forgotten? Will seem a passing fancy -- a dream? Inside the house, his father is playing the piano. His mo has gone into the backyard. A bell sounds. 126. The great oak tree stands like a sentient being -- thoughtful, benevolent -- looking down on him. He puts his ear against the trunk and listens for those w that, it was foretold, would destroy the evil in men's he and bring them good. The camera rises up through the branches, cranes up and u until it breaks out of the canopy of leaves into the sky above. All ends in peace, as music does. The last chord melts in ordinary production sound. Time has reappeared; resumed i sway. And still the vision is not the Jovenery. Tue real journe yet to begin. Will he give himself to this new life? Does he dare? A stranger, smiling. A threshold. A star.