2) 0) text: Mr. O'Brien watches Q@s his wife stares out the window.
5) 4) text: Mom sent this. He quickly retreats, his eyes fixed on the ground. In the next room, Mr. O'Brien laughs and shakes his head. does not seem quite to have taken it all in.
5) 7) dialog: Her husband, too, attempts to console her. But having an equal cause for sorrow, he is no more convincing than her friends have been. Grief so deep has made her unfamiliar to him; almost holy Still he must say something.
34) 0) text: Jack's teacher, Mr. Reese, is a dapper man with a high vo and a Clark Gable moustache. Jack glances around nervousl He has trouble keeping his mind on the lessons; trouble, getting along with the other children. He does not know w There is a prety) freckled girl whom he would particularl like to make ag impression on. Her name is Marsha. She is graceful, with long brown hair. Her smile leaves him pleasantly confused. He listens in rapture as Marsha stands in front of the wh class and sings, "Once I Had a Secret Love."
57) 0) text: The next day, Mr. O'Brien inspects Jack's yard-work.
59) 10) text: Mr. O'Brien sees how the boys dote on their mother. He wa Jack and RL over to the car.
60) 0) text: Jack burns with embarrassment as Mr. O'Brien complains to waitress about their food, then kisses her hand for servi them well. He makes @ big show of giving her a tip, holdi the money out, +hen pulfin it away when she reaches for i Oddly, she does not Mind all this as much as Jack does, b laughs it off as play.
63) 0) text: The Bates live in harmony. He never passes their house without receiving a benediction. Mr. Bates plays football with the boys, and Mrs. Bates serves them cookies at the of the afternoon. Theirs is a happy home, with nothing to hide.
64) 0) text: The next morning, Mr. O'Brien sits at the organ in church seems calm and untroubled. He loves the winding toccatas fugues, the candles, the stillness of the choir loft befo the service, the music swelling out majestically as he presses down the keys. His will relaxes. He ceases to fre All is as it should be. Why not always so? Why do people oppress each other? Why are they not faithf to the best in themselves? - The camera rises over the ranks of pipes, over the glad and the stained glasS windows. Jack marvels at this fathe man who for all his faith and vitality suffers from a dee disquiet, as though not even. being God-fearing and pious could bring peace’ to his Soul. His. fingers work the keys, his. feet walk up and down th pedals. Jack reads the music, turns the pages, pulls the stops. At such moments they are bound together in harmony Later, Jack walks in the church, alone. His footsteps are loud in the silence. A sparrow, caught inside the buildin flies through the rafters and beats its wings against a h windows, trying to find a way out.
74) 1) dialog: Somebody must have let it go. Got too old, went blind -- they didn't have the heart to put it to sleep. Probably I should get my shotgun and shoot it.
77) 2) dialog: Get a hoe. Its mate must be around here. You watch: couple of days and it'll turn up. Mr. Bagley chops the snake in two with a hoe. Mr. Bates stamps on the severed head. 76.
83) 0) text: Mr. O'Brien returns from his travels. The children glance each other. It is as though a stranger had appeared in th midst. The idyll is over. They must again be the furtive creatures, the cheats, the guilty ones they were before. He pats them on : their heads, a little too hard.
84) 0) text: Mr. O'Brien tells of his travels -- shows them the towels washcloths he has carried off from hotels, and money in denominations so lovee that, were it dollars, they would rich.
88) 0) text: Mr. O'Brien walks outside. Jack and RL are playing.
93) 0) text: Milton Stone, a boy Jack's age, is swimming an underwater race at a public pool when, suddenly, he turns over on hi back and floats up to the surface, his arms thrown wide. other boys think he is kidding and splash him with water until they see his lips are blue. Panic spreads. Many shr away, but Mr. O'Brien comes forward to take command of th situation- He calls for an ambulance. He breathes into Milton's mouth. The boys stand in the shallows, hold hand and say the Lord's prayer. Jack looks left and right, pro of his father, who gazes at Mrs. Stone with a heartfelt sympathy. EXT. PORCH — RESUMING THE FOREGOING SCENE - NIGHT Jack marvels at\Wis mother, She seems never to want anyth She does not vacy, like their father; is constant in temp
94) 0) text: Mr. O'Brien is baffled by thé opposition which he creates himself. Home should be a haven from the world's contempt The ingratitude of children can drive a man to madness. He keeps the family's life from being either comfortable tedious. They \iveinoa: continual state of uncertainty. I his better moods he ig their comic. He plays the piano li Harpo Marx in "A Night ak the Opera." He lights a cork, b it out and apeliesthe Aack ash to his upper lip to create dandy's moustacne. tte puts on airs and acts out dramas. sits at the piano and makes it all up as he goes along, l a little opera. Mrs. O'Brien laughs as he leaps over the sofa, fencing no He is like a’child himself, with sudden spasms of craving physical affection -- for proofs of a sentimental love. Jack remembers other times when he has felt close to his father. How precious, how wonderful those hours were! Lyi on the car seat and listening to him sing to himself at t steering wheel as they went on vacation --
96) 2) dialog: What am I doing? Minding my binness. Go cut a switch. Howard cuts a switch off a willow tree. Mrs. Wells closes herself up inside her bedroom. Howard watches his father come towards him; no, not a fat but a beast of wrath and sensuous intoxication. As the bl fall, the boy's cries excite him to greater cruelty. 96.
96) 3) dialog: (chewing gum) Lick the floor with your tongue. Pay! Somebody's going to pay! He takes Howard outside and shoves him down into the stor cellar, shuts the door and sets the chow to guard it. In darkness below, Howard wails and weeps and pounds his fac with his fists. Daddy, Daddy! Please, Daddy! He clenches fists and beats his chest and begs heaven to protect him. goes on until he can scream no more but gasps for breath.
99) 2) dialog: McKeever died.
99) 3) dialog: He never did nothing wrong. 98. A neighbor has died, a man they rarely saw. Jack has no reaction to this news -- only the fear that she might die Where would they be then? Word comes that a hundred and fourteen others have shared Mr. McKeever's fate. That night a figure of death appears to Jack in a dream. leads him into an abandoned house. She gives Mr. McKeever cup to drink.
101) 0) text: Jack competes with a boy named Billy for the title of cla clown. While Mr. Reese is giving dictation, he stands up asks:
108) 0) text: When Jack next speaks with his teacher, he is very pleasa and respectful, if thoroughly ins\ncere. Mr. Reese is deceived by the change in his behavior.
108) 1) dialog: Good job.
117) 1) dialog: He interrupts the class. He doesn't listen to instructions. He's afraid to finish his painting, or write a sentence -- afraid it might be wrong. He copied his report out of the World Book.
127) 0) text: One afternoon Mr. O'Brien returns home early. He asks no questions of the boys. He does not demand to know if they have practiced the piano or weeded the beds. His eyes do meet theirs. It is the middle of a weekday. It is strange the boys that he is home at all.
133) 1) text: Mr. O'Brien is back at his old way, rormenting them with scoldings and arbitrary orders. Yas he Foaottén his great revelation? Jack's nerves are taux, Lk ‘seems forgiveness be an ongoing business.
144) 0) text: They go down toward the shore, entranced by a growing brightness in the east. They speak with each other in whispers. The shore teems with people now. Water laps at their feet crown lies cast down on the wet sand. Mrs. Stone finds he son, Mrs. McKeever her husband. Jack sees other figures f his past: Mr. Reese, O.C., his grandmother and his uncle, Betty and Ruth, Cayler and others: the prisoner, the lame man, Marsha and Robert. It is as though they were coming together in one great chorus. This is the end of the voyage of life. The music sings: a came from love, to love all shall return. 123. Jack has crossed over death's threshold, gone beyond spac and time, to some greater life which includes death withi it.