90) 7) dialog: You're so kind. I wish that I could be Like you.
95) 0) text: Jack notes how Mrs. Kimball's thin cotton dress clings to in the heat. She drinks from a hose.“Tne water flows over bare feet. MRS. KIMBALL. You want a drink? He shakes his head. She is a kind, lovely woman; shy. Later, he paces back and forth outside the Kimball house, until he sees her through the open drapes. Later still, as night is falling, he walks past the Bates eager to see more. There is an odd gray flicker on the ceiling in the living room. TV has entered the neighborho though no one thinks much of it and only the Bates have a set.
104) 0) text: Jack is playing with the other boys when, out of the corn of his eye, he sees Mrs. Kimball driving away. He turns b to their games, dAistcacted now. He knows he must not go the house. But the wi6h keeps interposing itself. The garage isstillanAcool . There are a few wasps stirrin in the corner. He +e$ts. the door. Once again, it is open the distance’ he wears the cries of his playmates. He hesitates. This might be the first time he has ever ma simple choice between good and evil, right and wrong. Who would be hurt by his disobedience? Yet this is the on thing his mother has ever so plainly and explicitly forbidden. His heart pounds in his throat. He turns away, the wind chimes seem to draw his attention back to the do
105) 0) text: Crossing the threshold, he feels a sort of vertigo, a pri in his cleverness, a wild reckless joy in abandoning hims to the forbidden. 100. He wanders through the house examining things, taking car put them back in their places. He avoids the eyes of the portraits on the wall. He passes by the silver and china. hesitates before the stairs that lead towards the bedroom Dare he up? What do the adults know that he does not? He longs to lea his childhood behind. Inside the master bedroom all stands in impeccable order. He looks through Mrs. Kimball's cosmetics, then discovers chest of drawers where she keeps her clothes. His breath grows quick and shallow. He opens a drawer. He gazes at the folded garments. He ta out a nightgown. Suddenly, a noise. He looks up, starts to leave, then see his surprise that he has left the drawer open. He closes quietly. With the craft of a burglar, he does not go back the way came but unlatches a screen and slips out a window at the back of the house, into the holly bushes with their sharp tipped leaves. EXT. KIMBALLS' HOUSE — Outside, he stands alone, breathless. Has anyone seen him glances at the gazing ball on its stand in the backyard. Uncertain what +o do with the nightgown, he hides it unde board at the edge oF the woods. His eyes dart left and ri No normal boy would do this. Of that he is sure. He shoul have stayed outof the house. He chose not to. He knows. Nature, which once sang around him, is silent now. And ye feels a subtle alteration in himself; a freedom, with new powers of reason and understanding. So this is how they s the world! With the opening of his eyes, new hopes awaken, the promi of new joys, their taste so sweet in his anticipation of that all he has known before seems stale and flat.