0) 0) text: An ordinary house in central Texas. A neighborhood at the edge of town. Three children -- brothers -- are playing in the back yar The eldest, 11, is JACK. RL is two years younger, and STE is 6. Their MOTHER and FATHER, Mr. and Mrs. O'Brien, look In the center of the yard stands a tall oak tree. The yea 1956.
1) 0) text: Twelve years later, a Western Union man walks away from t house. Mrs. O'Brien leans against a wall as she reads a telegram.
21) 0) text: Night has fallen. Mrs. O'Brien sits by the baby's crib an sings a lullaby.
51) 0) text: Mr. and Mrs. O'Brien talk in-low voices. They have turned the fan to assure the privacy of their conversation.
66) 0) text: The boys cower in their room. Mr. Q'Brien bangs his fist the formica as Mrs. O'Brien sobs.
85) 0) text: Mr. and Mrs. O'Brien are alone.
94) 0) text: Mr. O'Brien is baffled by thé opposition which he creates himself. Home should be a haven from the world's contempt The ingratitude of children can drive a man to madness. He keeps the family's life from being either comfortable tedious. They \iveinoa: continual state of uncertainty. I his better moods he ig their comic. He plays the piano li Harpo Marx in "A Night ak the Opera." He lights a cork, b it out and apeliesthe Aack ash to his upper lip to create dandy's moustacne. tte puts on airs and acts out dramas. sits at the piano and makes it all up as he goes along, l a little opera. Mrs. O'Brien laughs as he leaps over the sofa, fencing no He is like a’child himself, with sudden spasms of craving physical affection -- for proofs of a sentimental love. Jack remembers other times when he has felt close to his father. How precious, how wonderful those hours were! Lyi on the car seat and listening to him sing to himself at t steering wheel as they went on vacation --
131) 0) text: The doorbell rings. Mrs. O'Brien finds their widowed neighbor, Mrs. McKeever, on the front step.
131) 1) dialog: I heard you all might be leaving. I just wanted to pay you back ~~ well, a start -- $50 --
131) 3) dialog: (embarrassed) I thought you knew. Well, f hope I haven't done anything wrong. When my husband died in the tornado, your husband came over and gave us $1000 so we could keep up the house payments. You're not upset?
144) 0) text: They go down toward the shore, entranced by a growing brightness in the east. They speak with each other in whispers. The shore teems with people now. Water laps at their feet crown lies cast down on the wet sand. Mrs. Stone finds he son, Mrs. McKeever her husband. Jack sees other figures f his past: Mr. Reese, O.C., his grandmother and his uncle, Betty and Ruth, Cayler and others: the prisoner, the lame man, Marsha and Robert. It is as though they were coming together in one great chorus. This is the end of the voyage of life. The music sings: a came from love, to love all shall return. 123. Jack has crossed over death's threshold, gone beyond spac and time, to some greater life which includes death withi it.