52) 0) text: The next afternoon a large black grackle appears in the o tree and, shortly afterward, they discover Robert sitting the fence; a mean child who it seems lives on a street fa away; they are not quite sure where.
53) 1) dialog: Let's us bust ‘em.
53) 3) dialog: Why? Just ‘cause. Jack mumbles some words about his mother having forbidden 54.
53) 4) dialog: , You afraid, boy? (after a pause) You don't need to tell her, do you? Nobody needs to know but us chickens. I broke a window once. Didn't nothing happen to me. Chicken ain't nothing but a bird! (later) Why let them. keep you from having fun? Why not do what you wanta do? Robert punches another boy on the arm..The boy runs off howling.
53) 6) dialog: I'm not him. What do I care? The strange boy fascinates Jack with his amused contempt others, his nonchalance, his sensitivity to anything whic wounds his pride, his refusal to play a hypocritical part Later, they find themselves alone.
53) 7) dialog: Hold out your elbow. He is lucid, calm and cynical. There is an odd, motiveles malignity in him.
53) 8) dialog: Isaid, hold it out. As though a hypnotist had commanded it, Jack holds out hi elbow. Robert raps it with the handle of a screwdriver. J pushes him away, surprised. Robert pushes him back. Does really want to fight? Jack hesitates. When someone hits you, are you supposed t hit him back? How else prevent him from doing it again? ‘ Trembling, he turns and walks away.
81) 0) text: Robert has reappeared in their lives. He leads them on a spree of destruction. He encourages them to steal peaches from McKeever's tree.
81) 1) dialog: They belong to every beady. » Nobody tells me what to do.. just do what I want. Instead of eating the peaches, they threw’them away. One after another they break out laughing, until they are all rolling on the ground. Jack pulls up flowers from the Kimballs' bed. He enjoys t boys' approval. He is ashamed to be guilty of less impude than the others, but when Robert nods at the windows of t Stickleys' garage, he remembers his mother's stern injunc and shakes his head.
81) 2) dialog: Why not? They put a toad 6n a skyrocket and send it off, then run see whether it Survived its skyward flight. Gone. They ca find it. And they had felt itaq life pulse in their hands They put a Snapping turtle on Shep's ear.
102) 0) text: Jack stands with Robert and some of the other neighborhoo boys near the Stickleys' garage.
102) 1) dialog: Where are you going? He can tell Jack is afraid of him.
102) 3) dialog: Who says? They don't use it, anyway. They look at each other a moment, then Jack picks up a ro The first one misses, the second does net. They break out laughter at the sound of the shattering glass.
125) 0) text: RL leads Jack to a new house that is just: going up at th of the block. They slip like ghosts among the sweet-smell studs, and wander through the rooms looking for slugs by electrical boxes. RL looks at him and smiles. Robert appears. A moment later RL is crying.
126) 0) text: He marches over +o Robert's house and punches him in the nose, knocking him +o the ground.
144) 0) text: They go down toward the shore, entranced by a growing brightness in the east. They speak with each other in whispers. The shore teems with people now. Water laps at their feet crown lies cast down on the wet sand. Mrs. Stone finds he son, Mrs. McKeever her husband. Jack sees other figures f his past: Mr. Reese, O.C., his grandmother and his uncle, Betty and Ruth, Cayler and others: the prisoner, the lame man, Marsha and Robert. It is as though they were coming together in one great chorus. This is the end of the voyage of life. The music sings: a came from love, to love all shall return. 123. Jack has crossed over death's threshold, gone beyond spac and time, to some greater life which includes death withi it.