21) 7) dialog: Why does the moon follow me? No sooner has she left the room, than the boys are up and about. They bounce on their beds. They inspect the glowin tubes in the back of the radio. They take voyages under t sheets and blankets. They hold a flashlight underneath th faces.
22) 0) text: Jack wakes up. All is as it was before. Where was he? The sweetgum tree that was planted at his brother's birth mar the passage of five years. His eyes until now have been shielded from the sight of e suffering and death; his family united, with no hint of contradiction between his mother and father. The world coheres. Things assume their conventional names take their customary places. We settle into the main epoc the story. 30. Jack is now 11 years old, in 6th grade, his brothers 9 an RL is a gentle boy, loved by all, quiet and generous, wit good sense of humor. Steve is combative, wild, but brave loyal, too. A title card reads: "TEXAS, 1956". Where before we kept entirely to the family's house, we n shall venture farther and farther into the neighborhood a eventually out into the town in central Texas where they live, far from the world at large. The neighbors' yards are shaded by oak trees and surround by low hedges that the children have cut gaps through. Th O'Brien house stands with five or six others on the last street in a subdivision. Its front is turned towards the other houses. Behind it lie the open woods: rolling hills juniper, broken here and there by Cow pastures.
26) 3) dialog: Am I dreaming?
28) 2) dialog: Tie me to a tree! Nobody help! (once this is done) Help! Help! Eventually, RL comes back and unties him. RL squeezes the trunk of the tree. He feels it rock back forth in his arms -- knows the savage life beneath its ba They string words together to make A Magic formula that c cause them to vanish into thin air.
28) 7) dialog: Am I dreaming?
28) 26) dialog: Scorpions! Scorpion dance! They dance around, to keep the scorpions who come up onto warm patio at dusk from stinging them -- leaping about li dervishes, spinning, shrieking with laughter and fear. To dissolved into something greater, to know a more: this is happiness. :
37) 1) dialog: The DDT truck! Already other kids are running behind the truck which periodically passes through the neighborhood to spray for mosquitoes. Jack and RL laugh and shout and wave their ar running joyfully-in and out of the cloud of insecticide. driver laughs and woves as though he were driving an ice- cream truck. Howard dees ot look at’ Jack when he asks:
42) 23) dialog: I felt a scorpion crawl up my back.
42) 25) dialog: It happened the other night. I squeezed him till he was dead. The older boys laugh.
49) 0) text: Jack has divided a cupcake his mother baked into two portions. Steve waits for his. Turning to Jack, she asks:
50) 0) text: Tonight it is their father who comes to visit them before they go to sleep. He turns the gooseneck lamp towards the wall and amuses them by making silhouettes on it with his hands. A duck! A bear! A dog! He makes their faces up wit burnt cork. Steve gets to blow out the match. Now discord seems a dream. Why can't it be this way every night -- in daytime, too?
50) 3) dialog: Don't close. it all the way. Jack listens as his father plays the piano. His brothers asleep. How ravishing the music sounds as it comes floati down the hall. How strange that there should be such tenderness in a man otherwise so coarse, so unreasonable! That one who professeS to love you should cause you injur and suffering, yet Appear not to care that he does!
54) 5) dialog: Can I touch your earrings? She lets him. The boys look dolefully at her
76) 0) text: Jack listens as Steve questions their mother.
76) 1) dialog: What happens when you die? Does it hurt? Does it happen to everyone? 75.
76) 3) dialog: There's nothing you can do about it? Will you die, too? It.seems the grown-ups understand things no better than h does.
76) 5) dialog: will I?
76) 7) dialog: Where do you go? Jack sees his mother with new eyes now. The day might com when she must leave them.
76) 8) dialog: Who put the spikes on the sun? He remembers when she got her fingers caught in the Mixma and cried out to him to jerk the cord from the wall. A qu flash --
78) 5) dialog: All night! Don't say no, because you know it makes me angry. Look at me! IZ mean it! They run through the sprinkler. Finding a lizard, they ch her into the batrroem with it. Laughing, they ignore her pleas, and when they hear the lock click shut, they slip in under the door.
78) 8) dialog: Can I marry you when I grow up? (she laughs) Don't tell anyone else. It makes Jack ill at ease to see his mother cuddling Stev
78) 14) dialog: TH il Suck you down that hole by the fence! T+ |\ get you while you're not looking! It got Woody's doo! GSnates! Hit the lights! Later, they watch from another room as she dances by hers to some music on the radio. Jack remembers a dream he once had of his mother lying, l Snow White, in a glass coffin. Her beautiful red cheeks, hair black as the night. How would he face the world with her? He cannot bear the thought that he might have a sepa destiny.
89) 0) text: Jack watches RL practice on a hal€-seale quitar . He is a musician, unlike his brothers. Their mother listens, rapt, as she Aandles steve on her k When RL gets frustrated with his mistakes, she consoles h
94) 3) dialog: Who are you? Mr. O'Brien looks at him, surprised.
134) 0) text: It is early morning. They said their farewells to the neighbors the Mant wefore. The station wagon is loaded up The movers have already left. RL does a rain datce. Steve is in the car. The gate stand open that leads ovt to the woods. Jack comes up beside RU and takes his hand. Bending forwa he kisses his brother on the cheek.