2) 0) text: At the wheel, PETE STANTON, confidently shifting gears. Riding shotgun, his wife, BILLIE. She’s busy in her phone Their twin sons, EMERSON and FINN (10), are in the back. is focused on the scenery. Em is buried in a book. Yep. A actual book. Pete takes a hard curve, dropping into the w gear.
5) 6) dialog: (going along) Uh-huh? Sure.
6) 17) dialog: Mom! ON TWINS, by a table decked out with an array of sweets a coffee. They are pleading to “dive in,” hands in “prayer mode.”
8) 13) dialog: Dad!
9) 3) dialog: What’s it for?
9) 5) dialog: For washing, what? Curious, Billie approaches the bathroom door, as Pete continue to struggle with what to say. JA 1st 16.
15) 14) dialog: Yep.
17) 0) text: The family is putting their gear away for the day in lock and racks. The atmosphere is chaotic as many SKIERS jostl do the same. At one end of the shop are a series of floor-to-ceiling movable racks for boots on runners. The racks can be shif and different aisles created, to get to the boots. Emerson is dawdling in one of the aisles, as he looks for spot to put his boots. A DUTCH SKIER on the next aisle pu the racks along their rails unaware that Emerson is in th next aisle looking the other way. The big metal unit near his back -- + eH JA 1st 24. ON PETER, nearby, noticing.
17) 7) dialog: Yeah. The Dutch Skiier touches the big set of racks with a fing
17) 10) dialog: Yeah, I'm fine.
19) 3) dialog: Stop!
19) 5) dialog: No! JA 1st 26. Pete heeds the call and heads out to investigate. He migh have welcomed it. From the other room, Pete and the boys:
19) 7) dialog: It’s my turn to choose.
29) 0) text: Snow melts on the institutional carpet of the common area complete with small break room/kitchenette. On four chair Billie, Peter, Finn and Emerson in their ski outfits. Two RESCUE TEAM MEMBERS sit at the break table on their phone The only sound in the space: The twins banging their ski boots together. Clack, clack, clack. After a beat, Billie gently silences them for everyone's sanity. Suddenly, the door to the outside bursts open. In steps MICHEL (60s), the resort safety chief. He’s an old mounta goat of a man. A bit intimidating. Unshaven. Wind-burnt f complete with an outline of his sunglasses/goggles. It’s doubtful he believes in sunscreen. He stomps the snow off boots, staring at our family. Michel has a soft, hushed German exchange with the Team * Members. Clearly, they are “filling Michel in” as to the reason for our family’s presence. ON BILLIE/PETE, having their own hushed English exchange:
35) 1) dialog: Where are we going?
36) 7) dialog: «.. I’m hungry.
36) 20) dialog: ... Where’s my glove? But, no one hears him.
36) 25) dialog: (louder) Mom! I can’t find my glove.
37) 0) text: The helicopter takes off, leaving a blizzard of snow in i wake. As the snow settles, we see Peter, Billie, Em and F standing there, watching it leave. Billie and the kids walk back to the car, as Peter watche the helicopter disappear up, up and away. ON CAR, as they round the back. Billie spots the glove in snow and just gives it to Emerson.
38) 2) dialog: The beach? Billie has to laugh. Her son is clever. Pete does, too, b he stays determined to rescue this day.
42) 77) dialog: -- Um, -- Dad ran away. Billie acts lightly, jolly, like this is all a game:
54) 1) dialog: Did you get kicked out?
54) 3) dialog: Because, you got kicked out?
56) 5) dialog: You don’t seem like you’re having fun? A dagger to his heart. Riddled with a guilty feeling.
84) 1) dialog: I hate skiing.
84) 3) dialog: Finn,... (stealing mom’s line) You're not in my body.
84) 4) dialog: It’s cold and dumb. And, you're always wet and it hurts when you fall and it takes forever if you have to go to the bathroom. And, people are stupid. They don’t look where they’re going. So, you’re always scared you're going to die. What’s fun about that? (beat) And, I have to go to the bathroom. Smartly, no one protests or chimes in. Billie just puts h hand on Em’s knee, letting him know he has been heard.
86) 1) dialog: (a bit worried) -.. Where is she?
86) 5) dialog: Dad.
86) 7) dialog: Are you okay?
91) 1) dialog: Nice. Awesome, Dad!/So cool! A shared thrill. We watch as, slowly, this feeling dissip and things go “back to normal.” Back to silence. And, gradually, the family returns to the tableau we met them - Billie goes to her phone. - Pete focuses on the drive. - Finn looks out the window. - Em goes back to his book. BEAT. ON PETE, glancing at Billie, on her phone (She won’t noti it.) Then, he glances in the rearview at his sons in thei own worlds. Then, his eyes go back to the road. ON BILLIE, looking up from her phone. She glances at Pete lost in the road. She studies him for a beat. ON BILLIE/PETE as they stare out at the road ahead, lost their own thought: “Is this my best life?" As they simultaneously glance out their side windows, we.