2) 0) text: At the wheel, PETE STANTON, confidently shifting gears. Riding shotgun, his wife, BILLIE. She’s busy in her phone Their twin sons, EMERSON and FINN (10), are in the back. is focused on the scenery. Em is buried in a book. Yep. A actual book. Pete takes a hard curve, dropping into the w gear.
2) 14) dialog: (off incline) Are we going to ski this?
2) 19) dialog: (to Em) We're going to ski this. Em doesn’t even look up from his book. He could care less
5) 4) dialog: Awesome. Em doesn’t pipe up.
6) 17) dialog: Mom! ON TWINS, by a table decked out with an array of sweets a coffee. They are pleading to “dive in,” hands in “prayer mode.”
8) 12) dialog: Dad! Come look! Pete collects himself.
8) 13) dialog: Dad!
9) 0) text: CLOSE ON a BIDET. REVEAL Em, Finn and Pete hovered around it.
9) 1) dialog: What is it?
11) 1) text: - Pete slamming the alarm off. - Pete and Billie swing out of bed. Second day excitement - The curtains part. Early dawn frames the dazzling, whit vista. * - Billie and Pete grab their stacks of ski clothes. Em gr his, somewhat unenthusiastically. And Finn? He’s already the door, dressed to go. - BATHROOM. Despite back-to-back dual sinks, with a two-s mirror dividing them, Billie and Pete choose to share the space, brushing their teeth on the same side. * - Billie tapes identifiable stickers to all the helmets. passes by, carrying his dad’s knit hat. *
13) 0) text: The family descends. Not as compact as “day one.” Finn is in front, eager to show his parents what he can do.
14) 0) text: Finn stops just outside the agreed restaurant. Pete arriv
15) 3) dialog: I’1l do that Dad.
15) 12) dialog: Dad!! Confusion and PANIC reign. Muted shouts and screams. Then after the moment of maximum noise and panic, the shouts c down. And SLOWLY, the snow starts to settle. It was just plume of SLOWLY SETTLING POWDER. Not a mass of snow. Everyone begins to realize that this was not a life or de moment. There are even a couple of muffled LAUGHS, mild mannered exclamations. The Waiters and Waitresses move in action, to clear the DUSTING OF SNOW from the tables.
15) 15) dialog: Yes.
16) 0) text: The family are out skiing again. Peter at the front. He carves off ahead, unaware or unconcerned that behind him Billie and the kids hang back. Even Finn is taking it easy. He looks behind him for Emer who looks behind him for Billie, who looks behind herself the mountain to assure that everything is safe. Just then YOUNG SKIER flies past them all at full speed. They flinc
19) 4) dialog: Give it to me!
19) 6) dialog: He won’t give me the remote.
27) 1) text: - Pete parts the curtains. Bright sun reflects off the wh vista. Pete squints a little. It’s a lot. - All the ski gear is in messy piles. Billie, Pete and Em pick through it all. Everyone with bedheads, looking exhausted. But, true to form: Finn is dressed at the door
29) 0) text: Snow melts on the institutional carpet of the common area complete with small break room/kitchenette. On four chair Billie, Peter, Finn and Emerson in their ski outfits. Two RESCUE TEAM MEMBERS sit at the break table on their phone The only sound in the space: The twins banging their ski boots together. Clack, clack, clack. After a beat, Billie gently silences them for everyone's sanity. Suddenly, the door to the outside bursts open. In steps MICHEL (60s), the resort safety chief. He’s an old mounta goat of a man. A bit intimidating. Unshaven. Wind-burnt f complete with an outline of his sunglasses/goggles. It’s doubtful he believes in sunscreen. He stomps the snow off boots, staring at our family. Michel has a soft, hushed German exchange with the Team * Members. Clearly, they are “filling Michel in” as to the reason for our family’s presence. ON BILLIE/PETE, having their own hushed English exchange:
31) 3) dialog: Who's a jackass?
34) 0) text: Billie and Peter are in bed. Both dead asleep. The clock radio reads: “10:27 AM.” Was the clock not set? Sleeping ON BILLIE as her eyes, slowly, peel open. Is she sensing something? She jolts back at the sight of... ON FINN, dressed to go, watching her sleep. She looks at time. Instant panic.
36) 5) dialog: Yeah! Em seems less enthused.
36) 26) dialog: Why are you so stupid?
36) 29) dialog: Call people names. JA 1st 44,
36) 31) dialog: It’s mean.
36) 33) dialog: I’m sorry.
36) 35) dialog: (he does) I’m sorry. Billie is satisfied. The Heli Ski Employee ushers them to the chopper.
38) 5) dialog: Yeah!
42) 79) dialog: Uh-huh.
51) 0) text: Em, Finn and Pete (in that order) are all in their indivi slide cars. An ALPINE SLIDE EMPLOYEE works her way along them, checking that they each know how to operate the han brake.
53) 0) text: Finn, Em, and Pete ascend the mountain, spaced a good distance apart. (It operates much like a “roller coaster, pulling you up to the top on the track.) ON PETE, as we watches SKIERS whisk by. A hint of “I wish was doing that” is undeniable. LATER - They make it to the top and, one by one, descend. ON EM. Contrary to skiing, Em appears not to be afraid of speed on the slide. He’s an expert at navigating the curv This is his thing. ON FINN. He’s more hesitant, riding the brake. His pace i much slower. ON PETE. True to form, he’s all speed. PETE’S POV of Finn, up ahead. He’s gaining on him. BACK TO SCENE.
53) 5) dialog: Don’t. JA 1st 69.
53) 7) dialog: Don't! But, he does. Not a slam, by any means. Truly a tap, but does jolt Finn. ON CAMERA BOX, flashing a photo of that moment.
54) 0) text: Post ride. CAMERA HOLDS ON Finn and Em, standing near the entrance. Each has a PHOTO. Em’s photo is of him beaming the ride. Finn’s is of Pete bumping into him. Behind them, in the distance and out of earshot, is Pete an ALPINE SLIDE EMPLOYEE. We can't hear them, but it’s pr clear Pete is being reprimanded. After the “reprimand,” Pete approaches.
56) 7) dialog: Do you want to be here?
56) 12) dialog: Can we have screen time? Back at our hotel? Pete flashes a big smile, hiding his stress.
59) 5) dialog: Are you serious?
66) 2) dialog: (staring at iPad) Morning, dad.
81) 2) dialog: Morning. And, a bit delayed.
83) 4) dialog: Yeah! JA 1st 94.
84) 2) dialog: No, he doesn’t.
85) 0) text: We're back where the photo was taken in the beginning. Th family stands at the edge of The Beast, staring down the steep incline. FEARLESS SKIERS swish right past them. For some reason, no one is initiating a dissent. Not even Pete. Em’s words still haunting? Suddenly, BANG! BANG! BANG! From a far distance, an avala is being set off. Despite the faintness, the whole family even Pete - flinch. Finn grabs his dad. Is he holding on comfort or is he afraid his dad will flee again? A moment of clarity for Pete. A decision.
86) 5) dialog: Dad.
86) 7) dialog: Are you okay?
91) 1) dialog: Nice. Awesome, Dad!/So cool! A shared thrill. We watch as, slowly, this feeling dissip and things go “back to normal.” Back to silence. And, gradually, the family returns to the tableau we met them - Billie goes to her phone. - Pete focuses on the drive. - Finn looks out the window. - Em goes back to his book. BEAT. ON PETE, glancing at Billie, on her phone (She won’t noti it.) Then, he glances in the rearview at his sons in thei own worlds. Then, his eyes go back to the road. ON BILLIE, looking up from her phone. She glances at Pete lost in the road. She studies him for a beat. ON BILLIE/PETE as they stare out at the road ahead, lost their own thought: “Is this my best life?" As they simultaneously glance out their side windows, we.