2) 0) text: At the wheel, PETE STANTON, confidently shifting gears. Riding shotgun, his wife, BILLIE. She’s busy in her phone Their twin sons, EMERSON and FINN (10), are in the back. is focused on the scenery. Em is buried in a book. Yep. A actual book. Pete takes a hard curve, dropping into the w gear.
2) 2) dialog: This is how they drive.
2) 4) dialog: There’s no speed limit here.
2) 6) dialog: It’s the Autobahn. This is a couple who love to give each other shit. It mak things work.
2) 8) dialog: I looked it up. I read it.
2) 11) dialog: I just want to get out on the mountain.
2) 13) dialog: Em, you’re missing it, buddy. Em looks up, gets a quick glance, and returns to his book
2) 15) dialog: Maybe.
2) 17) dialog: I’m saying there will be He said “this.” Will we ski steep stuff... “this?”
2) 18) dialog: He knows what I meant...
2) 20) dialog: Like this, buddy. Like this. Pete gives a playful “Oops” look.
2) 23) dialog: -+. Am I on the wrong side?
2) 25) dialog: He wants me to back up.
2) 27) dialog: Am I on the wrong side?
2) 29) dialog: It’s a bus. He can’t back up.
2) 31) dialog: Am I in the wrong...?
2) 33) dialog: Do we even get a lane? JA 1st 4. HONK. The Bus Driver waves Peter back, even more insisten In fact, he drives FORWARD.
2) 34) dialog: He’s coming at us.
2) 35) dialog: Okay, back up. Yeah, we have to back up. Back to our LOCKED FRAME from the opening, as Pete slowly backs up and the bus inches forward. It’s a long, awkward process. Superimposed over this image, our title: “DOWNHILL”
3) 0) text: A still photo of our family: Twins center, flanked by Bil and Peter. Mountains in the background, sun in their face Snow blows across, the family shuffle. It’s not a still, live action.
4) 1) text: JA 1st 5. Closer in: A blank white screen of snow. Billie, Pete, an the Twins come down the mountain. All decent skiers, carv long S shapes. They make a pretty pattern as they slip in between one another. A family in sync.
5) 0) text: Peter and Billie stop. They breathe and just take in that first run. Below them, the Austrian resort.
6) 0) text: Peter and the Twins are gathered around a terminal where photos taken up at the top of the mountain can be viewed. They point, laugh and argue over which ones to ‘tick’ and print out. Billie sits with a young SKI RENTAL KID, considering her boot.
6) 15) dialog: (shrugging, lost in phone) School schedules are different? Billie hands an ATTENDANT a ticket for their luggage at BAGGAGE CHECK. They had left them there in the urgency to on the mountain.
6) 24) dialog: It’s Zach. He and Rosie are in Amsterdam, apparently. ON PHONE SCREEN. “HIGH from Amsterdam!” There’s a series selfies of ZACH and ROSIE, a very youthful and free-spiri couple. They are sporting backpacks. JA 1st
6) 26) dialog: Yeah, travelling wherever. No real agenda. See, I know this because it says right here. ON SCREEN. Below the photos, more text: "#NoAgenda #LiveYourBestLife”
6) 27) dialog: (reading jokingly) Hashtag no agenda. Hashtag live your best life.
6) 30) dialog: No, totally. I’m just finishing it.
6) 33) dialog: Absolutely. He texted me. I’m just... I mean, you’ve been on your phone... If ever Billie gets adamant, it is with this.
6) 35) dialog: No, totally...
6) 37) dialog: I’m done, too. Great. Pete puts away his phone. They nod to one another and quick kiss. All good. steal a JA 1st 10.
7) 0) text: Pete and Billie approach RECEPTION as a group of MIDDLE-A GUYS on a men-only weekend are laughing/flirting with the FEMALE RECEPTIONIST. The GUYS depart, laughing. The receptionist is momentarily called away. CHARLOTTE (50s), a worldly Scandinavian woman, approaches She has packets of documents under her arm and an air of someone very happy. (NOTE: She’s on the same side of the counter as Billie/Pete.)
7) 3) dialog: I wanted us to get right out on the mountain.
7) 4) text: Billie and Peter, confused by Charlotte’s role, glance ba in the direction of where the Receptionist had been. *
7) 12) dialog: «.. Thank you. No, yeah. Celebrate. Thank you. JA 1st 12. CHARLOTTE (CONT’D) (pleased, back to business) For your skiing, there are the easy runs on the Austrian side. Over the other, if you like, you can go crazy in Switzerland.
7) 15) dialog: Um-— ++. Yes? CHARLOTTE (CONT’D) Good. Then, we are friends. Charlotte laughs. So, naturally Billie and Peter laugh. Charlotte gives them her card. CHARLOTTE (CONT’D) Please call me. You are American. You have paid, so you must have everything! As they make “good-byes,” Billie and Peter fumble with th bags. They speak in hushed tones during the following:
7) 17) dialog: I don’t - Who the fuck is she? Peter presses a 20 Euro note into Charlotte’s hand. It wa quite expected. It’s hard to understand her expression:
7) 19) dialog: Is she offended?
7) 21) dialog: Take it back?
7) 23) dialog: Maybe, it wasn’t enough?
7) 25) dialog: She’s still there.
8) 3) dialog: Now, I’m done. Billie just playfully slaps his ass. They start to unpack
8) 4) dialog: Zach kept texting. Asking questions about Ischgl. Wondering where we were staying...
8) 6) dialog: No, no, no. That’s why I was finishing the conversation. No. I see him enough at work. Billie nods, “Good.” Pete pulls a vintage-looking, knit s hat out of his bag. Tad tacky. Very old school.
8) 7) dialog: Look. I found my Dad’s old hat. Thought I'd bring it. Wear it on the slopes. Have him here with me. The moment catches Pete off guard. A little swell of emot She rubs his back.
8) 9) dialog: Sorry, if I’ve been... JA 1st 15.
8) 14) dialog: I heard “Mom.”
9) 0) text: CLOSE ON a BIDET. REVEAL Em, Finn and Pete hovered around it.
9) 2) dialog: It’s European.
9) 4) dialog: .+. For washing. ON BILLIE, in COMMON AREA. She’s stacking and laying out clothes for everyone for the next day.
9) 6) dialog: For washing your, uh...
9) 9) dialog: So,... Don't be clear. Pete smirks, giving her shit. Billie’s not connecting the dots from the previous conversation.
9) 10) dialog: Here, we don’t be clear. Now, she’s “up to speed.”
9) 12) dialog: So, don’t be clear when there’s a * possibility of hijinx.
9) 13) text: Billie swats him away and walks off as... PETE (CONT’D) * (as if committing to * memory ) * No chance of hijinx means full * clarity. Chance of hijinx, lie. *
10) 0) text: Pete and Billie are on their bed, watching TV. There is a tray with leftover room service between them. They pick a the scraps which is mostly just fries and wine.
10) 9) dialog: It will be fast.
10) 11) dialog: There’s a bench...
11) 0) text: Billie and Pete are in bed, dead sleep. An alarm goes off
11) 1) text: - Pete slamming the alarm off. - Pete and Billie swing out of bed. Second day excitement - The curtains part. Early dawn frames the dazzling, whit vista. * - Billie and Pete grab their stacks of ski clothes. Em gr his, somewhat unenthusiastically. And Finn? He’s already the door, dressed to go. - BATHROOM. Despite back-to-back dual sinks, with a two-s mirror dividing them, Billie and Pete choose to share the space, brushing their teeth on the same side. * - Billie tapes identifiable stickers to all the helmets. passes by, carrying his dad’s knit hat. *
11) 4) dialog: No, yeah. For under. - Pete puts on his dad’s knit hat, and then attempts to a his helmet. Clearly, it’s not going to work. A bit bummed goes with just the helmet.
12) 0) text: Our first real taste of the madhouse that is the lift lin It’s hovering just between order and chaos. Our family navigates and attempts to figure out “how the system operates.” Pete powers ahead, confident that he can figur out. Billie keeping tabs on the boys. LATER - They are just shy of the front of the lift line. LIFT ATTENDANT is there checking everyone gets on safely. chunters away in German as people pass. Before our family, there’s a GROUP OF THREE. The Lift Attendant calls for someone from the SINGLES LINE to join them to make it four. The SINGLE GUY scoots up past Pete. can’t help but notice that the Guy is skiing in a knit ha Old school. In fact, there’s a fair number of “non helmet skiers. It’s the family’s turn. The scoot into position. As Billi and Peter pass the Lift Attendant, he raps his knuckles o their helmets.
12) 3) dialog: (knocking, cheery) All good!
13) 2) dialog: (calling out) Slow up, Finn! But, he doesn’t hear. He just keeps plowing ahead. Pete pursues. Billie hangs back with Em, who makes a more tentative descent.
14) 0) text: Finn stops just outside the agreed restaurant. Pete arriv
14) 1) dialog: We need to stick with the group. Alright, buddy? Finn nods. Pete pats Finn’s helmet. They both look up the slope at Billie making wide curves ahead of an increasing slow Emerson. Finally, Billie and Em join them. Finn looks at his broth like: come on man, stop hamming it up. Emerson makes a fu you face. Billie raises her eyebrows at Peter, meaning: Jesus he to his time. As they start to unclip their boots, we...
15) 24) dialog: So, we're all doing soup? The kids and Billie look at him. He’s claiming it’s all o
16) 0) text: The family are out skiing again. Peter at the front. He carves off ahead, unaware or unconcerned that behind him Billie and the kids hang back. Even Finn is taking it easy. He looks behind him for Emer who looks behind him for Billie, who looks behind herself the mountain to assure that everything is safe. Just then YOUNG SKIER flies past them all at full speed. They flinc
17) 0) text: The family is putting their gear away for the day in lock and racks. The atmosphere is chaotic as many SKIERS jostl do the same. At one end of the shop are a series of floor-to-ceiling movable racks for boots on runners. The racks can be shif and different aisles created, to get to the boots. Emerson is dawdling in one of the aisles, as he looks for spot to put his boots. A DUTCH SKIER on the next aisle pu the racks along their rails unaware that Emerson is in th next aisle looking the other way. The big metal unit near his back -- + eH JA 1st 24. ON PETER, nearby, noticing.
17) 5) dialog: It’s not cool. You could have crushed my son? Pete’s reaction to this feels a bit heightened. Overcompensating?
17) 6) dialog: (to Em) You alright?
17) 11) dialog: This guy wasn’t looking. But, I * took care of it. * (MORE )
17) 13) dialog: (then to Skier) I don’t want trouble.
19) 0) text: Billie stands at the dual sink, finishing her make-up. Sh quite dressed up and very much still playing back the day her head. Pete enters. *
19) 1) dialog: You look pretty. He kisses her neck.
20) 0) text: Pete is scrolling movie options on the television, while Billie preps the twins. She’s holding the cordless hotel phone.
20) 3) dialog: Mom ordered a couple burgers and fries. How cool is that? And, they have movies in English. So, we can pick one of those. The boys seems a little wary. Perhaps residual feelings f today.
21) 0) text: Billie and Peter walk down to dinner. Glances exchanged. Smiles, flashed. Billie grapples. A need to start a talk. Just as she’s about to speak-- An enthusiastic ITALIAN COUPLE exit their room up ahead, conversation. They continue down the corridor just ahead Billie and Peter. Peter lets the back of his hand brush Billie’s. He offers hand-hold. Billie doesn’t take it right away, but eventua gives in and they walk interlinked. The Italian Couple peels off down a different corridor. B to silence. Billie lets her hand go passive, letting Pete fingers ride interlinked with hers, but with no grip betw them. They slip away.
22) 0) text: Peter and Billie are waiting to be seated. She glances at Pete, a desire to start. Pete stays focused ahead. He fee her gaze but chooses to be oblivious.
22) 3) dialog: (aside) I think she wants us to...
23) 0) text: Peter and Billie are opposite Charlotte. A WAITER deliver “first” drinks for Billie and Pete and “another round” fo Charlotte and her companion (still in bathroom. )
23) 2) dialog: Oh, I’m not sure I’ll... Yeah, I’m good for... CHARLOTTE (CONT’D) No smart to get now. Bar is crazy. The Ibiza of the Alps, yes? The Waiter heads off. CHARLOTTE (CONT’D) I drink if you not. Going to clubs. Charlotte does a small “dance groove.” Pete attempts to f out her precise role.
23) 3) dialog: That's nice. So, a night off from-- (off Charlotte, not clicking in) Do you find you get enough time off from your duties as a... ? But, still no such luck--
23) 23) dialog: I’m in real estate. (then, quickly) And, I love it. JA 1st 31.
24) 0) text: Billie is on her side of the dual sink, getting ready for bed. Pete enters, choosing (probably wisely) to use the o sink. A moment of silence, then...
25) 0) text: ON PETE, in bed. His eyes are closed, but it’s doubtful h asleep. After a beat, he opens his eyes, sensing. He turn see Billie’s side of the bed is vacant. From the BATHROOM, the faintest sound of TINNY MUSIC.
27) 0) text: Billie and Peter are dead asleep. The clock radio cuts th silence. An aggressive German morning show blares. Peter the clock radio, but it slides behind the side table, sti blaring. Billie stirs awake as Peter fumbles to retrieve the clock radio. Finally, success. Silence, again. Peter and Billie up on the edges of their sides of the bed, backs to one another.
27) 1) text: - Pete parts the curtains. Bright sun reflects off the wh vista. Pete squints a little. It’s a lot. - All the ski gear is in messy piles. Billie, Pete and Em pick through it all. Everyone with bedheads, looking exhausted. But, true to form: Finn is dressed at the door
29) 0) text: Snow melts on the institutional carpet of the common area complete with small break room/kitchenette. On four chair Billie, Peter, Finn and Emerson in their ski outfits. Two RESCUE TEAM MEMBERS sit at the break table on their phone The only sound in the space: The twins banging their ski boots together. Clack, clack, clack. After a beat, Billie gently silences them for everyone's sanity. Suddenly, the door to the outside bursts open. In steps MICHEL (60s), the resort safety chief. He’s an old mounta goat of a man. A bit intimidating. Unshaven. Wind-burnt f complete with an outline of his sunglasses/goggles. It’s doubtful he believes in sunscreen. He stomps the snow off boots, staring at our family. Michel has a soft, hushed German exchange with the Team * Members. Clearly, they are “filling Michel in” as to the reason for our family’s presence. ON BILLIE/PETE, having their own hushed English exchange:
29) 1) dialog: Please don’t let that be who we have to... Michel looks back over at the family. PETE (CONT’D) BILLIE Yep. Okay... Yep. This is our guy.
30) 0) text: Michel sits behind his desk. Peter and Billie, opposite h
30) 1) dialog: So, we wish to make a complaint.
30) 10) dialog: And, there was an avalanche.
30) 17) dialog: -.. Considerable. Yes.
30) 25) dialog: «+. Well...
30) 27) dialog: Maybe? I mean, I think... I may have seen something about snow conditions?
30) 30) dialog: I don’t... I’m just saying... My point is. The point I’m making... (Off Billie, confused) Warning or no warning. Seen it or not. What happened was scary. Pete locks in with Billie: “Correct? Scary?” Pete is tryi desperately to get back on the same page. Back to what th already “agreed upon.” Billie “returns” to the task. JA 1st
30) 32) dialog: Right. (with authority to Michel) And, we'd like an acknowledgment that it was handled poorly.
30) 41) dialog: Okay, look, you’ve heard our complaint...
30) 44) dialog: And, we'd like a record kept of it. (then) I assure you that we’re not ugly Americans. But, obviously, my wife was shaken- - I had a feeling it was under control-- But, we both wanted to bring this to your attention. And, now we have.
30) 45) dialog: lst 39.
31) 0) text: Our family is in line. Billie is still processing what happened in the office. Pete is searching his mind for th right place to start here.
31) 1) dialog: What a jackass, huh?
31) 4) dialog: The man supposedly in charge, that’s who. Billie can’t help but side glance at her husband: “AR man supposedly in charge.” Beat of silence.
31) 5) dialog: .»+. Yeah. Big jackass. As they scoot up, Billie notices a SIGN near the front of LIFT LINE. It’s a posting/warning for snow conditions and “controlled avalanche” alert.
32) 0) text: Billie is asleep. Pete’s side is empty. Through the crack the closed door BATHROOM, we see that the lights are on.
33) 0) text: This time, Pete is sitting on the toilet (lid down) on hi phone. ON SCREEN. He scrolls through Instagram, liking various people’s photos. He passes by a post for ZACHATTACKSLIFE. (Yep. Zach’s “handle.”) It’s a photo of them on a train. “Zarich Bound with @RealRosiel” #Switzerland #Train #NoAg #LiveYourBestLife #KeepingItRealWithRosie Pete scrolls through the subsequent photos on the same po that show them having arrived in Zurich, eating outside a cafe, etc.. As Pete “likes” the post,... *
34) 0) text: Billie and Peter are in bed. Both dead asleep. The clock radio reads: “10:27 AM.” Was the clock not set? Sleeping ON BILLIE as her eyes, slowly, peel open. Is she sensing something? She jolts back at the sight of... ON FINN, dressed to go, watching her sleep. She looks at time. Instant panic.
35) 4) dialog: ... We are late...
35) 6) dialog: It'll be fine. Let’s go. Billie grapples, but goes with no buffet...
36) 4) dialog: (to Twins) It’s heli-skiing, guys! Sweet, right?
36) 6) dialog: Yeah, it’s Daddy’s treat!
36) 8) dialog: Once you get in that powder, buddy, you'll forget about that!
36) 11) dialog: Yep. Sorry. We overslept. The chopper blades start going.
36) 24) dialog: We'll get all that on board.
36) 38) dialog: (an excited child) Let’s do this! “Every day is all we ha--"
36) 53) dialog: (beyond frustrated) Billie, this cost a couple of grand. It’ll be fine, okay? This is going to be the best, yeah? Pete starts to walk away from them. That visual gets a visceral reaction from her. She snaps.
37) 0) text: The helicopter takes off, leaving a blizzard of snow in i wake. As the snow settles, we see Peter, Billie, Em and F standing there, watching it leave. Billie and the kids walk back to the car, as Peter watche the helicopter disappear up, up and away. ON CAR, as they round the back. Billie spots the glove in snow and just gives it to Emerson.
38) 1) dialog: Okay! So we still have a whole afternoon. What do we feel up for?
38) 3) dialog: If we gobble all this down, we could still get in an hour, hour and a half, on the mountain?
38) 12) dialog: Love that idea.
39) 0) text: Billie and the Twins are playing Uno. But, no Pete, at th moment.
40) 0) text: Pete is back on the toilet (lid down) on his phone. ON SCREEN. He’s texting with ZACH: “You sure? Is it cool? Pete hovers over the keys, pondering. As he starts to type: “Totally. Billie would love...” WE HEAR an OVEN DOOR SLAMMING and...
41) 0) text: Billie and Pete are in the KITCHEN, having a very hushed conversation. The stove top is active with a few things cooking.
41) 2) dialog: No, they were nearby. And, actually called...
41) 4) dialog: (“why would I lie?”) Billie. Yes. They called and... I didn’t know how to play it on the phone.
41) 11) dialog: (overly pleasant) No, we’re good! You guys relax! Billie pops over to the MASTER BEDROOM to shut the door. Inside, we get a glimpse of the Twins sitting on the bed watching a movie. [NOTE: They both have on headphones, listening to the movie. ]
42) 0) text: Billie and Pete join Zach and Rosie.
42) 1) dialog: (maybe too much) So, let’s hear about this trip!
42) 3) dialog: From what I’ve seen, yeah! JA 1st 49. Pete keeps chiming in, hoping it all stays light.
42) 6) dialog: You have to. Billie can’t help but furrow her brow: “Really, Pete?”
42) 10) dialog: You didn’t. Billie’s eyes can’t roll back far enough.
42) 12) dialog: Hashtag no agenda. Yeah, we love that. JA 1st 50.
42) 18) dialog: Oh, yeah. Good. Great days. Pete can feel (and see) Billie’s expression. “Are you tel them or am I?” Pete attempts to get a head of it.
42) 30) dialog: For a moment,...
42) 36) text: Silence. Billie and Pete just stay locked on each other. goes next? There’s an air to Pete. A man holding strong. his head, spinning for sure. A man who knows he’s on tria His manhood, questioned. Rosie doesn’t hesitate to suppor and recognize Billie’s experience.
42) 60) dialog: I checked you guys, visually. And, once it was clear that it was going to be okay, I went to get help. For the aftermath.
43) 0) text: Peter is drinking a beer, cross legged, mindlessly watchi an episode of “Murder, She Wrote” in German. (Or, some ot cleared show, current or old. Whatever it is, it’s dubbed over.)
44) 0) text: CLOSE ON ALARM. It turns from 6:59 to 7:00. BUZZZZ! A HAN comes into frame, shutting it off. REVEAL Billie, her hand on the alarm, standing by Pete’s of the bed. Pete wakes up.
44) 2) dialog: «+. Oh okay...
44) 4) dialog: Yeah. Great. Maybe, we’ll cross paths on the mountain?
44) 7) text: + eH JA 1st 58. Billie has a shit-eating grin focused on Pete. Does she suspect he knew of the family resort’s existence?
44) 8) dialog: -+. Yeah. Love that idea. As she crosses off, we...
51) 0) text: Em, Finn and Pete (in that order) are all in their indivi slide cars. An ALPINE SLIDE EMPLOYEE works her way along them, checking that they each know how to operate the han brake.
51) 2) dialog: (jokingly) Won’t be needing to.
53) 0) text: Finn, Em, and Pete ascend the mountain, spaced a good distance apart. (It operates much like a “roller coaster, pulling you up to the top on the track.) ON PETE, as we watches SKIERS whisk by. A hint of “I wish was doing that” is undeniable. LATER - They make it to the top and, one by one, descend. ON EM. Contrary to skiing, Em appears not to be afraid of speed on the slide. He’s an expert at navigating the curv This is his thing. ON FINN. He’s more hesitant, riding the brake. His pace i much slower. ON PETE. True to form, he’s all speed. PETE’S POV of Finn, up ahead. He’s gaining on him. BACK TO SCENE.
53) 1) dialog: (joking) I’m coming for you, Finn! As he gets closer,...
53) 2) dialog: Ease up on the break, buddy. It’s fun! ON FINN. He does, speeding up a little.
53) 3) dialog: There you go! BACK WITH EM, having the time of his life. While fast, Em being responsible about his brake. Safe. He passes a CAME BOX that snaps photos for purchase as you pass by. BACK WITH FINN. He’s coming up on a sharp curve. He brake good bit. ON PETE, pulling his brake, but fast approaching.
53) 4) dialog: (jokingly) Alright, I’m gonna tap you!
53) 6) dialog: (doesn’t hear him) What?
54) 0) text: Post ride. CAMERA HOLDS ON Finn and Em, standing near the entrance. Each has a PHOTO. Em’s photo is of him beaming the ride. Finn’s is of Pete bumping into him. Behind them, in the distance and out of earshot, is Pete an ALPINE SLIDE EMPLOYEE. We can't hear them, but it’s pr clear Pete is being reprimanded. After the “reprimand,” Pete approaches.
54) 2) dialog: ("yes") No. I just thought we’d, you know,... do other things.
56) 0) text: The Twins are having hot cocoa and snacks. Again, the vib different. FAMILIES everywhere. A costumed version of “Be The Cow” roams the room, taking photos with guests. Pete approaches with a resort pamphlet.
56) 1) dialog: Alright, let’s see what we can get into here. Ski, obviously. Right? We can ski. Ski park. Pete glances up, slightly. He’s hoping the boys perked up those options. Nope. He keeps reading.
56) 2) dialog: What else? There’s a toboggan run. Arcade. Indoor mini golf. (actually surprised) Indoor waterpark? Pete starts perusing options, silently. Probably, to avoi the evidence that this place is awesome.
56) 3) dialog: Okay. Yeah. A good amount of stuff. What are we thinking? But, the boys are silent.
56) 4) dialog: What’s wrong? Something on your minds? Em and Finn stall, looking at one another. PETE (CONT’D) You can tell me anything.
56) 6) dialog: «+. What? Why would you think--? JA 1st 72.
56) 8) dialog: What? Of course-- Guys. Listen to me. I love being with you. More than anything. You know that, right? The boys are give nothing at first. And then, just shrugs They aren’t sure. Brutal.
56) 9) dialog: Is this about the slide? Daddy did get kicked off. But, because Daddy was having too much fun. Nope. That doesn’t seem to be it.
56) 10) dialog: Is this about yesterday? The helicopter? I just wanted that for all of us. I messed that up. I overslept. And, we should have had food. Is that what makes you think that I’m not having fun? Em and Finn look at each other, again. Clearly, it’s beca of something else. But, maybe they don’t want to say? Pet fears the worst: the avalanche.
56) 11) dialog: I love you two. So much. I’ve just been-- Pete avoids “an excuse.” PETE (CONT’D) Let’s finish this day, right. Just us boys. What are you thinking? Pete slides the resort pamphlet in front of them. They gl for a beat. But, then...
56) 13) dialog: ... Yeah. Absolutely.
59) 0) text: Pete drives in silence. The boys in the back. Pete glance 76. the rearview, pondering. He needs to get back some “love.
59) 1) dialog: Hey, guys. The bidet-- The European thing-- You know what that’s really for? The shake their heads.
59) 2) dialog: Cleaning your butt. They perk up, looking at one another. Is he kidding?
59) 3) dialog: Yeah. It sprays water up and, uh... Pete decides to double down on “cool points.”
59) 4) dialog: Yeah. It cleans the shit out of your butthole. The boys are a mixture of shock and joy.
59) 6) dialog: Yep. Mom said “feet,” but after you take a dump, it’s to clean your butthole.
59) 7) text: JA 1st 77. A giggle fit begins. The mood shifts. Pete feels better, thinks to be smart and safe...
59) 8) dialog: But, no hijinx now that you know.
63) 0) text: Billie and Pete are at the dual sinks, separated by the mirror. Plenty of tension. Mostly, felt by Pete.
63) 1) dialog: ... How was your solo day?
63) 3) dialog: That’s awesome. Pete assumes she will reciprocate. Long beat. Nope. So,..
63) 4) dialog: Me and the boys had fun.
63) 6) dialog: Yeah, we hit the slide for a good while.
64) 0) text: Pete emerges from the bathroom. No Billie. Guess she’s no sleeping there, again. Resigned, Pete heads to his side o the bed, as... *
66) 0) text: Pete stands just outside the TWINS’ ROOM. The door is slightly ajar. PETE'S POV of Billie and the boys on bed, watching someth on an iPad together. Billie is holding it up so they can see as they lie on their backs. BACK TO SCENE, as Pete lightly taps and opens the door.
66) 1) dialog: Good morning.
66) 4) dialog: Are we...?
66) 6) dialog: «+. Okay. Zach texted about joining * us. I think Rosie is sleeping in. * JA 1st 80.
66) 8) dialog: Should we meet up for dinner? Do the restaurant?
66) 10) dialog: You guys have fun. But, the three are lost in the iPad.
67) 0) text: Pete steps off the elevator. Zach, dressed to ski, is the And, he’s wearing a_knit cap.
68) 0) text: Pete and Zach are in line. And yes, Pete is now wearing h dad's old hat. No helmet for this cool motherfucker. Zach discreetly, takes a hit on his vape pen. He hands it to P with a wink.
69) 0) text: Zach and Peter are at the top of a run. Pete can’t help i This feels good. To be standing here now. Free.
69) 1) dialog: How great is this?
69) 3) dialog: All I have to do, right now. My * only obligation? Go down.
69) 5) dialog: Yeah. Every day is all we have. They fist bump. And, with that, push off. Confident. Free
70) 0) text: Pete’s having a great run. Maybe, a little loose from the vape, but in control. A SNOWBOARDER cuts across his path, nearly colliding. * Pete loses his balance, struggles. He can’t stay up and b it hard. His momentum carries him, sliding down the slope a direct path with a SNOW GUN MACHINE.
73) 0) text: Outside at a table, Zach and Peter are drinking lagers. P is still feeling his head.
74) 0) text: An active party scene, already. People have moved straigh from the slopes into the bars. Pete and Zach, a bit drunk, are in line for a “Club. " Bu as of now, they are just waiting outside an “elevator.” [NOTE: Most clubs in the village are below ground. ]
74) 1) dialog: This place is the Ibiza of the Alps!
74) 3) dialog: I say that! Zach and Pete “high five.” Eww. As they step onto the elevator, we...
75) 0) text: The elevator door opens and our senses are in overload wi loud euro pop. It’s quite a scene. LATER - Pete is on the packed dance floor, uninhibited an quite drunk. Zach approaches with two more steins of lage Pete drinks down some more beer, noticing the... GOOD-LOOKING GUY from the top of the mountain. Pete stumb over. He smiles at him. Then, out of nowhere he makes a lunge. It’s a half hug, half wrestle. The weight of Pete sends them to the floor. JA 1st 88. The Guy gets up and actually tries to help Pete off the floor. But, Pete swats his hand away. It’s hard for the G or us, to understand what’s going on in Pete’s head. His and behavior is erratic and all over of the place. * Zach shuffles Pete out of there, as...
78) 0) text: Billie and the Twins are now eating. ON PETE with them at the table, showered and in his regul clothes. Pete flashes a smile at his family trying to loo sober as possible. He drops his knife. CLANK! He regains himself and tries to cut a crostini in two wit knife and fork. It crumbles and he tries to gather it up his finger tips as he imagines a sober man might. He pops into his mouth.
79) 0) text: Peter and Billie walk behind the Twins, who rush ahead wi the key card. Peter has sobered up some, but his reaction are still a bit off. Billie walks ahead of him. The Twins head into the room.
81) 0) text: Pete emerges from the Master. The Twins [still in pajamas are seated at the dining table. Billie brings them each a bowl of oatmeal.
81) 1) dialog: .-. Morning.
81) 4) dialog: Looks like we got hit with a big dump of snow. Pete might be regretting his choice of words and the timi “We got hit with... snow.” Billie just glances up at Pete Not an angry glance. Not a forced smile. Just a look that seems to “study her husband.” Pete goes to grab his ski clothes, noticing that Billie folded and stacked the Twins’ stuff. His stuff remains in pile.
83) 2) dialog: Oh yeah, great way to end our * family vacation, for sure. * Billie can’t help but offer up “side eye” to Peter. Reall Now, he calls it a “family vacation?" The family scoots i place for their chair, as... *
85) 0) text: We're back where the photo was taken in the beginning. Th family stands at the edge of The Beast, staring down the steep incline. FEARLESS SKIERS swish right past them. For some reason, no one is initiating a dissent. Not even Pete. Em’s words still haunting? Suddenly, BANG! BANG! BANG! From a far distance, an avala is being set off. Despite the faintness, the whole family even Pete - flinch. Finn grabs his dad. Is he holding on comfort or is he afraid his dad will flee again? A moment of clarity for Pete. A decision.
85) 1) dialog: You know what I’m thinking I might need. Some hot cocoa. Maybe, we wait this out? Warm up? I’m not sure I’m feeling this. The boys nod. Billie glances at Pete. A hint of smile. It about time. They start for the lift, but... PETE (CONT’D) (to Billie) You should take the run. If you want. We'll wait for you at the bottom. Billie considers, as we... LATER - Billie watches from the top of The Beast as Pete the boys descend on the lift. BILLIE’S POV of the boys, leaning onto their dad. Pete pu his arms around them to get them warm. BACK TO SCENE, as she looks down at the slope ahead of he The way back to her family. Then, she glances behind her: Switzerland. As she ponders, we...
86) 0) text: Peter and the boys wait at the base of the run, looking o for Billie. An “avalanche” of skiers descend. But, no sig Billie. Long beat until,...
86) 3) dialog: It’s okay. Your mom’s better than all of us. They scroll the area, but still no Billie. After another beat,... A faint “Pete!” emanates from somewhere distant. Peter listens intently until it’s clear... “Pete! Pete!” Billie is calling out from up high. Without hesitation, P pops off his skis.
86) 4) dialog: Stay right here...
86) 6) dialog: Everything's fine. Stay right here. Pete runs up the slope, disappearing into the crowd of skiers. We stay with Em and Finn, waiting. Long beat play out. Finally,... Through the crowd, we see Peter appear, carrying Billie i his arms. He sets her down.
87) 0) text: The family is preparing to leave. All the roller suitcase are packed and stationed by the door. Pete opens the door the room. The Twins chase one another out.
87) 1) dialog: Hold up. You guys are more than capable of taking your own bags. The Twins return, grabbing their suitcases and head back As Billie passes by Pete in the doorway, he stops her.
87) 2) dialog: I'll give you more reasons not go to Switzerland. A promise to be there. Shared smiles. Two people committi to the story they want to be a part of. They kiss.
87) 4) dialog: (“understood” ) «+. Sounds good to me. With that, she heads out, as we...
88) 0) text: Pete, Billie and the Twins step off the elevator. The Twi run ahead.
88) 2) dialog: Thank you, Charlotte, for everything you’ve done for us as Asee
88) 5) dialog: (to Billie, hushed) Well, I tried...
89) 8) dialog: What’s next for you guys before that?
89) 12) dialog: You know it. Oh, yeah. Zach and Rosie head onto the shuttle. Pete and Billie’s smiles fade just a tad as, individually in their own “worlds/heads,” they seem to be reflecting on that sentim differently, now. “Live you best lives.”
91) 0) text: Our family is in their same positions. As they round a curve,... POV of a LARGE BUS ascending from the opposite direction. and our SUV are on a path to intersect at the next curve. BACK TO SCENE, as Pete and Billie glance at one another. sly smile comes to Billie’s face. Pete reciprocates. A mu decision. Pete lays on the gas, booking it to beat the Bus to the curve. The Twins’ excitement grows as, with finesse, Pete smoothly navigates and dodges the Bus, successfully. The whole family cheers the success!