64) 0) text: Sara walks through a design studio. Models and make-up artists are rushing around, dragging thousands of dollars worth of dresses. Sara loves the place's chaotic energy. She knocks on an open door and sees a YOUNG MODEL being worked on by a designer who isn't much older. IRENE, 28.
64) 1) dialog: (mouth full of pins) Finally. She gets up to hug Sara. Nearly tearing the dress.
65) 0) text: Irene is putting a dress together on a MODEL. Sara watche awe. An OLDER DESIGNER walks by... checks on Irene's work nods his approval... and leaves.
65) 7) dialog: Hell, I wanna be me when I grow up.
65) 10) dialog: You know, your dad left me four messages last week. Making sure I'm looking out for his baby.
65) 12) dialog: I told him I haven't seen you. And that for all I know you're a crack ho by now. Even the model laughs.
90) 0) text: Irene opens the door and Sara walks in.
90) 1) dialog: What took you so long?
90) 8) dialog: You didn't!
90) 10) dialog: Sara! You can't just walk around downtown L.A. at night. This is not Des Moines.
90) 12) dialog: Seriously, listen to me. That's why I own a gun. Sara's shocked.
90) 14) dialog: Absolutely! Big cities are crawling with crazies. Sara moves into the apartment. Her phone rings. She answers.
90) 18) dialog: Yeah, why?
90) 20) dialog: Can't. Travel too much. Poor thing would starve to death.
90) 27) dialog: Who was that?
90) 29) dialog: That's no fun.
90) 31) dialog: What?
90) 33) dialog: Oh yeah. I went through my closet. There's nothing here I've worn in the past six months. Irene walks toward the couch where there's a pile of clot
90) 35) dialog: What ...what?
90) 37) dialog: Oh my God, I just had the best idea.
90) 39) dialog: Why don't you move in here with me?
90) 46) dialog: Yeah, I'm never here. The place is huge. Ditch the roommate. And, the building allows pets.
90) 48) dialog: Great.
90) 51) dialog: Yeah ...he sucked.
91) 0) text: Sara stuffs her new clothes into her tiny closet. The bag spill out into the room, taking up floor space. Rebecca sits on her bed, her laptop open. She's staring a Irene's Facebook Profile. There are some racy pictures of Irene and some girlfriends.
135) 0) text: Rebecca is standing up, back pack around her shoulder, he drawing pad in her other hand. Her arm is wrapped around pole for balance. She stares out the window. No emotion. looks like she's staring at her own reflection. The train comes to a halt. Riders shuffle around. Rebecca sees a seat open up and sits down. She opens her drawing pad and starts on a blank piece of paper. She loo up and we see what she's been staring at: Irene.
137) 0) text: A stylish, hip night club. A sophisticated crowd. Irene a three FRIENDS sit in the lounge section, sipping exotic martinis and watching the dance floor. And on that dance floor one particular woman dances by herself, lost in the music, oblivious to everything aroun her. She turns as she dances and we see that it's Rebecca Irene gets up and heads towards the bathroom. As she wind her away around the borders of the dance floor, she notic Rebecca. She pauses to watch her. THEIR EYES MEET FOR MOR
138) 0) text: Irene stands at the mirror, fixing her make-up. The door opens and closes. She glances over to see Rebecca walking Rebecca steps to the sink, just a few feet down from Iren She's out of breath, a sexy sheen of sweat on her arms. Irene breaks out a tube of lip gloss. Rebecca is watching in the mirror, and Irene knows it. She applies the gloss smiles at the little kick it gives her. Her eyes find Rebecca's in the mirror.
138) 1) dialog: I'm sorry to stare, but you are so beautiful.
138) 4) dialog: It's cinnamon. Caffeinated. A girl never knows how late she's gonna party. Rebecca smiles. A beat.
138) 13) dialog: As luck would have it, I'm only two blocks away and...no roommate.
139) 0) text: An alarm clock buzzes with no effect to Irene who is dead the world. She grunts and finally opens her eyes. She wip the sleep from her eyes, she looks around confused, looks the empty side of her bed where someone had obviously spe the night. Irene sits up and turns off the alarm..
139) 1) dialog: Shit. She looks at an empty glass on her bedside table.
140) 0) text: Irene get's up with the empty glass in her hand. She stumbles out into the... HALLWAY. She staggers to keep her balance on her way to the kitche We stay in the hallway as Irene enters in the kitchen and switches on the light.
142) 0) text: Sara spots Irene's name on the buzzer and calls up. No answer.
147) 0) text: Sara, bored, leafs through a tattoo magazine for the 100t time. Her phone buzzes. A response from Irene: "outta town for a gig. will call when back ; )" Sara's relieved.
176) 0) text: Sara comes fast-paced down the sidewalk. She enters Irene building.
178) 0) text: Sara walks to the door of Irene's apartment. It's open bu there's not a sound. No music, no cocktail chatter. She checks the apartment number again. It's the right one She knocks lightly. No answer.
180) 0) text: Sara takes the scarf out of Irene's mouth and pulls again the steel handcuffs. Useless.
182) 0) text: Sara and Irene are frantic.
182) 1) dialog: My phone. My phone. She nods her head and Sara sees the phone on the bed tabl She rushes for it. No good the wire is cut!
182) 3) dialog: The window! There's a fire escape. You can reach it.
187) 0) text: The door shatters, and the bullet continues straight ahea and tears a pillow open, just beside Irene's head. Feathe go flying. Irene screams. Rebecca kicks the door open and steps in, gun in hand.
189) 3) dialog: Hurry!! He sees Sara dangling outside and reaches for her.
190) 2) dialog: 