24) 0) text: Sara finds Rebecca by the art supplies, she's picking up stuff she needs. Sara scans Rebecca's books. They're all art books, shiny and new. Sara's phone rings. She looks at it: "JASON". She sighs. Her finger hovers over the "talk" button. A be She hits it right before it goes to voicemail.
80) 0) text: Rebecca sketches in her bed. She looks at the clock: 1:00 a.m. And no Sara. History is repeating itself.. .and Rebe pissed. She rips out her sketch page and throws it away. She starts pacing the floor. She angrily moves Sara's cha back to her side. She whips out her phone and eyes the di button. She starts to dial... but kills the call. She picks up her sketchpad again. Suddenly: A BUZZING SOUND from Sara's desk. Rebecca pulls out the d drawer and finds Sara's cell phone. On the call screen: "JASON". A long beat. She pushes the talk button... but just liste
84) 0) text: Rebecca is breathing harder and faster now. Still holding phone, from which we hear Jason's moans.
159) 0) text: Sara tries to study while the fraternity brothers continu shout down the hall. Stephen eyes her warily. Her cellpho rings. She pulls it out of the purse: Jason.
160) 0) text: JASON, a handsome all-American Midwestern kid, stands in front of Sara's dorm. He's talking into his cell phone.
160) 1) dialog: Sara. I'm actually... I'm in front of your dorm. I just flew in. I'm at the Roosevelt Hotel, room 210. Call me, okay? He hangs up. Some students leave the dorm and he grabs th door before it closes.
162) 0) text: Jason walks through the hallway, checking the numbers on doors. He stops in front of Sara's room. Knocks lightly o the door. No answer. Knocks again.
164) 0) text: Jason writes a note. He folds it and slides it under the door. He hesitates for a second, hoping this is the right thing to do, then walks back down the hallway towards the elevator.
165) 0) text: Rebecca stares at the note for a moment. She walks to the door, picks it up and begins to read Jason's note.
165) 2) dialog: Rebecca crumples up the paper and throws it in the trash.
172) 0) text: Jason, shirtless, sleeps on his stomach in bed. The front door clicks and slowly creaks open just enough a silhouette of a woman to appear. She closes the door. J barely acknowledges the noise in his sleep. Rebecca walks to the bed in the soft moonlight. She stare down at Jason. She slips off her dress, which falls to th floor. She's in just bra and panties now. She climbs onto the bed beside Jason. He starts awake.
172) 1) dialog: 
172) 4) dialog: Sara?
172) 7) dialog: Oh, man, Sara. Oh, that feels good. She works her way back up to his ear.
172) 17) dialog: I love you, Sara. She lets him have one, two, three seconds of heaven. Her hands reach behind her and ease out the utility knife.