18) 6) dialog: Taking your picture.
20) 0) text: It's dark. Rebecca's covers are pulled up to her neck. He eyes are closed.
22) 0) text: Sara wakes. Headache; dry mouth; the works. The sun throu the window is way too bright. She slowly turns over to se Rebecca, up and about, arranging her side of the room. In light of day, we see that she's a knockout. Mellow music plays through top-of-the line speakers that flank an awesome stereo system. Rebecca sees that Sara's awake.
22) 1) dialog: Hey Sara. Sara stares at her blankly. Who is this girl? What happen last night? Rebecca smiles.
22) 2) dialog: We met last night.
22) 9) dialog: Close. Rebecca. She hands Sara a glass of water and two aspirin.
22) 10) dialog: Come on. It'll help, trust me. Sara washes down the aspirin.
22) 14) dialog: 
22) 18) dialog: I just like capturing my moods. A beat. Sara closes her eyes. Bits and pieces of the nigh before are coming back to her now.
22) 25) dialog: 
22) 29) dialog: It's three in the afternoon. Sara's eyes bug out.
24) 0) text: Sara finds Rebecca by the art supplies, she's picking up stuff she needs. Sara scans Rebecca's books. They're all art books, shiny and new. Sara's phone rings. She looks at it: "JASON". She sighs. Her finger hovers over the "talk" button. A be She hits it right before it goes to voicemail.
24) 12) dialog: That didn't sound good. Boyfriend?
24) 22) dialog: No?! He took it? (Sara nods glumly) What an asshole.
24) 24) dialog: Do you miss him?
24) 26) dialog: It's hard to let go.
25) 0) text: Rebecca sits on her bed, drawing. Sara is putting her boo away on a shelf. As she reaches the end of it, she notice something out of the corner of her eye.
25) 2) dialog: What?
25) 9) dialog: I know... I've got a lot of clothes. Mind if I put some on your side?
25) 11) dialog: Borrow anything you want. Really. I haven't worn half of them. Sara reverently fingers through them. Chloe. De La Renta. Alexander McQueen. Jimmy Choo shoes. A Miu Miu handbag. S still carry their price tags.
25) 13) dialog: My parents idea of bonding is to turn me loose in Beverly Hills with a Platinum card.
25) 15) dialog: Pasadena. Off Sara's confused look.
25) 16) dialog: About 20 minutes away.
25) 18) dialog: Not gonna happen. Sara gives her a puzzled stare.
25) 24) dialog: It's a long story.. .Let's just say nothing's free in my house. She wants to know more... but it's too soon to pry. She n at Rebecca's drawing pad.
25) 26) dialog: No. Sara stops dead in her tracks. Rebecca realizes that came across pretty harsh.
25) 27) dialog: Not till it's done. Nothing personal. It's just my... process.
27) 0) text: Sara and Rebecca have just finished their dinner.
27) 1) dialog: I thought you were a design major. Why are you taking Calc and psychology? The girls get up with their trays.
27) 10) dialog: Hi.
27) 16) dialog: I like Rebecca. Buzzkill.
32) 0) text: Sara and Rebecca sit on their respective beds. Rebecca listens to her Walkman. Sara types on her laptop.
32) 3) dialog: I don't have a Facebook page.
32) 5) dialog: Nope. I don't spend a lot of time
32) 13) dialog: Who's she?
32) 15) dialog: 
32) 19) dialog: Okay, okay. I'll get one. Tracy knocks on the partially open front door... and marc right in.
32) 23) dialog: I don't.
32) 30) dialog: I'll pass. Clubs really aren't my scene. Tracy stands there, hung out to dry, the ID in her hand.
37) 0) text: Rebecca lies in bed, wide awake in the dark. Her cell pho rings. She stares at it. Two more rings. She picks it up.
37) 1) dialog: Hello?
37) 3) dialog: Yes. She smiles.
38) 0) text: An old school gas station on a barren corner of the city. cars in either direction. A lone white 328i BMW with a bl soft top sits next to an ancient pump. Rebecca, half asleep, climbs out and grabs the nozzle, sticking it in the fuel tank. Starts pumping.
38) 7) dialog: I'm fine. Just in a hurry. She keeps pumping. Speeding it up. Rick ambles up to her, treading beyond appropriate personal space. He points to "Full Service" sign.
38) 9) dialog: All done. She pulls the nozzle out of the tank and tries to place i back at the pump. He stops her. Motions to her face.
38) 12) dialog: Sorry. But she does it again, holding the lever down, dousing hi head to toe. He scrambles backward out of range.
38) 13) dialog: Sorry again. Rick. The nozzle's still in her hand, pouring gas in every direction. She opens her car door, grabbing a lighter. Rick's pissed. Charges towards her.
38) 20) dialog: Pussy. She gets into her car and drives off. Leaving Rick soaked gasoline.
39) 0) text: Sara sits by herself in a booth by the window. Hugging a of hot, sobering coffee. Rebecca's car pulls up into a parking spot. The headlight shine right in Sara's eyes... and now turn off. Sara's tired eyes light up as she sees Rebecca get out of car. She waves. Rebecca doesn't wave back as she heads fo the door.
40) 0) text: Rebecca walks up to Sara's booth.
40) 2) dialog: Thanks.
40) 5) dialog: As long as I'm here... you hungry?
40) 12) dialog: I can't believe she ran out on you.
40) 14) dialog: Tracy had her shot tonight. Tomorrow you're all mine. I'll show you the big city.. .the right way. And I promise I won't abandon you. Deal? Sara smiles.
41) 0) text: Rebecca leads Sara through the sculpture room.
41) 1) dialog: These are the modern pieces. A little wilder than the old stuff. She's a savvy tour guide, confident, at ease. She doesn't just walk past pieces -- she studies them. Sara's impress Sara's cell phone buzzes. She checks the display: "Jason" She tilts it so that Rebecca can see and rolls her eyes. buries her cell phone in her purse. Sara spots a bizarre metal structure and walks over to it
41) 3) dialog: 
42) 0) text: Rebecca shows Sara into a room full of paintings. In the background is a banner announcing an upcoming Richard Pri exhibition.
42) 6) dialog: This is my favorite. Sara steps closer to examine it. Rebecca stays behind her
42) 7) dialog: I love how he captures her personality through her eyes. It's like she really wants to help you. Rebecca's hands tug anxiously at her shirt. She really wa Sara to like this painting. Sara moves even closer. She squints, trying to see what Rebecca sees. The woman's expression in the painting is actually pretty sinister. Sara's a little freaked out... but she turns to see Rebec hopeful expression. Sara brightens.
43) 0) text: Sara and Rebecca window shop along a block of thrift stor Sara spots a graffiti-laden wall next to a tattoo parlor. Some first-rate tagging here -- bright colors, funky shap
43) 2) dialog: No graffiti in Des Moines?
43) 4) dialog: Hey, smile. Sara poses... but now grabs Rebecca and pulls her in.
43) 11) dialog: Now that's one "art form" I don't get. Needles into skin? No thanks.
43) 13) dialog: Really? Sara pulls down her shirt and sweater a bit to reveal, ov her heart, a simple tattoo: "Emily".
43) 15) dialog: Oh, I'm sorry.
43) 17) dialog: I always wanted a sister. Sara smiles and interlocks her arm with Rebecca's as they walk down the street.
44) 8) dialog: 
44) 11) dialog: Isn't every movie?! They both laugh.
46) 0) text: Rebecca takes down a few of her drawings. In their place, puts up a big "Coyote Ugly" poster. She straightens it ou Satisfied. She checks her watch and walks to the window. She looks o anxious for Sara to come home. She looks over at Sara's side of the room. Curious, she starts perusing her things. Books... CDs... She walks to Sara's dresser and picks up the picture of Emily. She tenderly brushes Emily's face with her thumb. She spots Sara's silver chain. She picks it up and places around her neck. She fingers it carefully and looks at herself in the mirror. She smiles.
48) 0) text: Sara quickly walks in and closes the door. Rebecca sits i her windowsill, drawing. Sara sits down on her own bed. S notices the "Coyote Ugly" poster.
48) 3) dialog: I thought you'd like it. Rebecca sees the moving bulge under Sara's jacket. She cu Sara a look. Sara sighs. Apprehensively, she unzips her jacket and the kitten pops out. Rebecca sits up. The kitt jumps over to her bed. She pets it.
48) 4) dialog: Sara...
48) 6) dialog: 
48) 14) dialog: It'll be our secret. Just between us. Rebecca keeps petting the kitten. Getting more attached.
48) 17) dialog: Sorry. I was just trying it on. Sara puts down the kitten and walks to Rebecca, who quick takes it off. Sara takes it back, annoyed. She rubs it protectively.
48) 19) dialog: Oh. Sara looks at it a moment longer. She looks at Rebecca.
48) 21) dialog: I'm really sorry.
48) 23) dialog: Were you two close?
48) 30) dialog: In a good way or a bad way? Sara smiles.
52) 0) text: Sara walks in to find Rebecca slipping into a black dress
52) 2) dialog: 
52) 6) dialog: 
52) 14) dialog: (being a martyr) You don't have to.
52) 16) dialog: I love it, who's the designer?
53) 0) text: Sara and Rebecca at the Richard Prince showing. The paint are all similar to the one we saw in the museum. A series women, peering at the viewer.
56) 0) text: Sara sleeps peacefully. Cuddles lies on top of her, awake Her eyes glowing in the dark. Creepy. But not as creepy a Rebecca in the other bed. She's staring back at the kitte Envy in her eyes. Of Cuddles... or of Sara? Rebecca removes the covers and quietly gets out of bed. S walks over to Sara's bed... but not to pet Cuddles. She stands directly above Sara. Looking down at her. If Sara would simply open her eyes, she'd see her.
58) 0) text: Rebecca sits right across from Tracy's door, her back aga the wall. Staring at Tracy.
59) 0) text: AERIAL VIEW of Sara and Rebecca walking to class. Tracy w ten yards behind them, waiting until... Rebecca and Sara wave "goodbye" to each other and head do different paths. Tracy hurries after Sara and catches up.
61) 0) text: Sara comes out of the building, texting on her cell as sh walks. Rebecca is waiting, holding two cups of coffee.
61) 2) dialog: I'm your roommate. Sara smiles and grabs a cup.
62) 2) dialog: What?
62) 9) dialog: It's more like she scared me. She was racing to the bathroom like she was gonna hurl. She almost knocked me over. A beat as Sara ponders it all. She smiles.
68) 19) dialog: So Sara thinks I'm weird? Let me tell you what I think. I think you're a little whore, and a bad influence on her. And I think that if you tell anyone about... what I'm about to do... you'll regret it. Rebecca, one hand still on Tracy's mouth, slides her othe hand beneath the shower curtain. Tracy's eyes widen furth Rebecca finds what she's looking for... gets the grip she needs... and violently jerks her hand out of the curtain. A muffled scream from Tracy. Tears stream down her face. Rebecca stands. As Tracy sobs quietly on the shower floor Rebecca looks down at... The bloody ring in her hand.
68) 20) dialog: Nice belly ring. She tosses it to Tracy... and walks away.
70) 0) text: Rebecca sits on her bed, petting Cuddles, blood still on fingers, humming the tune that Tracy was humming in the bathroom. She hears steps and voices in the hallway. She smiles -- must be Sara. She quickly turns off the light and pretends to sleep. Bu the steps pass her door and keep going. Not Sara. She turns on the light. Worry in her eyes. She picks up h cell phone and dials.
71) 3) dialog: Where were you?
71) 5) dialog: I kept calling and calling.
71) 8) dialog: I'm going to bed now. I'm glad you're okay. She walks out of the lounge. A beat. That was awkward. Sa bites her lip, as if to say: "What can you do?"
72) 0) text: Sara and Rebecca walk in silence, sipping their coffees. Rebecca looks straight ahead, listening to her Walkman. A they reach the fork in the path...
72) 2) dialog: Sara...
72) 5) dialog: Sara. We're good, right? A beat. Sara nods and smiles.
73) 0) text: Sara and Stephen at a table, books spread around them. Stephen is reading Rolling Stone. Sara's on her laptop, checking her Facebook page. She get message for adding a new friend... from Rebecca. She clic to add her.
74) 0) text: Rebecca sits in a chair on the other side of the library. Unbeknownst to Sara and Stephen, Rebecca watches them thr the glass.
75) 0) text: Sara clicks onto Rebecca's Facebook page. She's listed on one friend: Sara. She's posted the picture of her and Sar front of the graffiti wall. And some of her drawings. And picture of a pretty brunette teenager, captioned "Maria." Sara looks at Rebecca's interests. Favorite Artist: Richa Prince. Favorite Passion: Drawing. Favorite movie: Coyote Ugly. Sara smiles. Best Friend: SARA. Her smile fades.
76) 0) text: Rebecca watches Stephen kiss Sara, her expression is toug read. Is she jealous... or entranced? Sara gets up and leaves. Stephen goes to the stacks.
77) 0) text: Stephen, alone, searches for a book among the remote stac The stacks are massive and endless -- row after row of th Stephen thumbs through books, not finding the one he need He drops a book and bends down to pick it up. Over his shoulder, we see... REBECCA'S EYES in the space between the shelves. She's in next aisle over. Stephen replaces the book. He walks down the aisle, looki at the numbers of the books. Rebecca mimics his pacing as she follows him down her ais Her hands gently brush against the books, her eyes on Stephen. He turns in her direction and stops in his track So does Rebecca. She's completely still. Stephen walks over. He puts his hand on the book that cov Rebecca. He's about to pull it out and reveal her. But it not the right one. He keeps walking. He reaches the end of his aisle... and Rebecca the end of hers. She's right around the corner from him. He reads th markers at the end of the aisle, trying to figure out whi direction to go. Rebecca's hands are sweaty. She's nervous. Does she want get caught? Stephen turns right, away from her, and start down the next aisle. Rebecca softly exhales. And now whispers to herself.
77) 1) dialog: Stephen. Stephen stops dead. Did he hear something? Guess not. He keeps going, scanning the book numbers again.
80) 0) text: Rebecca sketches in her bed. She looks at the clock: 1:00 a.m. And no Sara. History is repeating itself.. .and Rebe pissed. She rips out her sketch page and throws it away. She starts pacing the floor. She angrily moves Sara's cha back to her side. She whips out her phone and eyes the di button. She starts to dial... but kills the call. She picks up her sketchpad again. Suddenly: A BUZZING SOUND from Sara's desk. Rebecca pulls out the d drawer and finds Sara's cell phone. On the call screen: "JASON". A long beat. She pushes the talk button... but just liste
80) 2) dialog: Mmmm?
80) 9) dialog: 
80) 13) dialog: I want you, Jason.
80) 15) dialog: I miss touching you. Do you miss touching me?
80) 17) dialog: Prove it.
84) 0) text: Rebecca is breathing harder and faster now. Still holding phone, from which we hear Jason's moans.
84) 1) dialog: Say my name, Jason. Until I tell you to stop. She puts the phone on speaker and lays it on the pillow beside her. Both her hands ease back under the covers.
86) 0) text: Rebecca writhes and moans.
86) 9) dialog: Don't ever call me again. She kills the call. And now deletes it from the phone log
88) 0) text: Sara, hair mussed up but eyes shining. Sara opens her doo and steps in. She's tentative, expecting Rebecca to jump her throat. But Rebecca smiles.
88) 1) dialog: Well, good morning.
88) 3) dialog: No problem. Sara opens her desk drawer and grabs her phone. She quick checks. No calls. Rebecca looks Sara over and smiles.
88) 4) dialog: Come on...don't I get any details??
91) 0) text: Sara stuffs her new clothes into her tiny closet. The bag spill out into the room, taking up floor space. Rebecca sits on her bed, her laptop open. She's staring a Irene's Facebook Profile. There are some racy pictures of Irene and some girlfriends.
91) 1) dialog: Hey. What're those?
91) 3) dialog: Too bad she couldn't take Cuddles, huh?
91) 5) dialog: Really?
91) 12) dialog: What?
91) 16) dialog: I don't want more space. I want... She checks herself. A beat of awkward silence.
92) 17) dialog: What was that about?
92) 19) dialog: Well, she's always been a flake.
94) 0) text: Rebecca gathers her laundry into a giant duffle bag. As s carries it toward the door, she passes Cuddles, curled up Sara's bed. She scoops her up.
94) 1) dialog: Looks like it's just you and me tonight.
95) 0) text: Rebecca walks downstairs, down the hallway to the laundry room.
96) 0) text: Rebecca waits for her clothes to finish drying. Cuddles p with a sock on top of a nearby washer. Rebecca checks on her clothes. They're dry, with two minu still left on the timer. She stuffs the clothes into her duffle bag. She walks to the washers and picks up Cuddles She pets her gently. She walks back to the dryer and places Cuddles inside.
96) 1) dialog: 
97) 0) text: Sara walks in to find Rebecca sprawled on her bed, crying She rushes over.
97) 2) dialog: Cuddles got out.
97) 9) dialog: Outside.
97) 11) dialog: I was doing laundry... I took her with me... She jumped out of the bag and ran outside. I went after her, but...
97) 14) dialog: 
97) 17) dialog: Do you want me to help? But Sara's already gone, slamming the door behind her.
98) 0) text: Sara and Rebecca sit alone at a table. Eating quietly.
98) 2) dialog: You're not mad at me?
98) 10) dialog: Is something else wrong? A beat as Sara decides whether to confide.
98) 12) dialog: You don't want to go?
98) 16) dialog: You can come with me.
98) 19) dialog: Yeah, spend Thanksgiving at my house.
98) 21) dialog: 
101) 0) text: Rebecca sits alone at a study table. Sara walks up and dr down her books. THUD. Students look over from other table Sara doesn't care. She sits down and stares blankly into space, trying to forget what just happened. Rebecca leans over, concerned.
101) 1) dialog: What's wrong?
101) 3) dialog: Are you alright? Sara nods.
102) 0) text: Professor Roberts at his desk, set to call it a day. He tosses some design sheets into his briefcase. He opens a desk drawer... grabs his wedding ring... and s it onto his finger. He hears FOOTSTEPS in the hallway. The sexy, unmistakable clicking of a woman's heels. They come closer... and now at his door. Roberts watches the door, waiting for a knock. Nothing. H walks to it. He can see the silhouette of two feet at the bottom of the door. He smiles -- Sara, coming back to him He opens the door, revealing: Rebecca. She wears a snug v-neck cardigan, skin-tight bla jeans, and silver stiletto heels. A small purse on her shoulder. Roberts swallows his surprise.
102) 1) dialog: Professor Roberts?
102) 3) dialog: I'm glad I caught you.
103) 2) dialog: Not yet. That's why I'm here.
103) 8) dialog: I'm failing Intro Pysch.
103) 10) dialog: Because I'm bored. I thought it would be all about Freud, and deep dark secrets. But it's brain chemistry. Synapses. I can't stay awake in class.
103) 12) dialog: Tomorrow's the last day to drop a course without penalty. Unless I can add another one in its place, I'll fall way behind in credits. Daddy won't take that very well. He might even pull the plug. Which means...
103) 15) dialog: Do I look like just any student to you? She smiles... and eases up onto his desk. Facing him. Pre feet dangling, ankles locked. Jesus. She eases her purse off her shoulder and onto the desk. S sees the framed picture of a WOMAN AND TWO KIDS. She pick up.
103) 16) dialog: Your wife is very pretty.
103) 24) dialog: Ask me anything. He's circling the desk now. Predator and prey.
103) 26) dialog: None.
103) 28) dialog: Only one thing.
103) 30) dialog: I definitely look better out of them than in them. What an answer. Roberts stops in front of her. He moves i close, between her parting legs. He looks into her eyes. Still steady.
103) 32) dialog: Great. Just tell me and I'll do anything.
103) 40) dialog: Ow! You're hurting me! Professor, stop!... Roberts stares at her in shock. He's not even touching he What's going on? Rebecca smiles again. This girl is whacked. But damn, Roberts wants her. And he eyes are inviting him back. As he presses in to kiss her again... She rockets a knee into his groin and he crumples to the floor, gasping for air. He drops his wedding ring, which rolls away across the floor. Rebecca steps to the desk, where her purse sits open. We see the Walkman inside. She takes it out. Smiles at him.
103) 41) dialog: Birthday gift. You should get one, they're great. She slips on the earbuds... plays with the Walkman for a seconds... and now hits the play button. We hear their pr conversation, played back.
103) 46) dialog: Oh, I'm not teasing. She starts to circle him now, as he writhes in pain on th floor.
103) 52) dialog: Do you see enough danger in me now, Professor? Did I go to a dark enough place for you? He recognizes his own words to Sara.
103) 54) dialog: She trusted you. She walks toward the door.
103) 56) dialog: Yes you will. She walks out the door.
108) 0) text: Sara walks in with a tray, still a bit dazed. She sees a dozen hallmates milling about and Rebecca sitting by hers in the corner, drawing. Sara joins her.
108) 2) dialog: Yeah?
108) 4) dialog: What do you mean?
108) 11) dialog: Oh My God.
108) 13) dialog: That's called Karma.
111) 0) text: A somber Rebecca stares at herself in the full-length mir on the back of the front door. A very strange expression her eyes. She looks herself over, makes a fist, and now.. Punches herself on the temple. Hard. She staggers, nearly knocked out. She straightens. Looks in the mirror. Her sk is already bruising. She punches herself again. Same spot And again, with her other fist this time. And now a shot her shoulder. And another. It's painful to watch. But she getting more and more numb to the blows. She inspects herself closely... and now reaches down and grabs an artist's UTILITY KNIFE. It looks like a large, retractable box cutter. She extends the blade all the way out. She pulls up her shirt. Turns to the side a bit. Pla the knife against her skin and...
112) 0) text: Sara opens the door and finds Rebecca curled up in a feta position in a corner of the room. Sobbing. Sara drops her things and runs over to her.
112) 3) dialog: I was looking for Cuddles. A man... pulled me into an alley. He tried... Sara holds her. She can't finish.
112) 5) dialog: I got away.
113) 0) text: Rebecca, newly showered, hair still wet, sits on her bed her underwear. Sara is tending to her wounds. Ice for the bruises. Disinfectant for the cut. Rebecca flinches.
113) 2) dialog: No.
113) 9) dialog: I don't want to. I can't. Sara pulls out her cell phone.
113) 11) dialog: 
115) 2) dialog: It's what you wanted, right? Sara nods, reassuring herself.
116) 0) text: Rebecca's car pulls up to the iron gates of a huge mansio that could be straight out of Lifestyles of the Rich and Famous.
117) 0) text: Rebecca and Sara stand in the driveway, looking up at the mansion. Sara is in shock.
117) 2) dialog: It's my parents house. It was never a home.
118) 0) text: Rebecca and Sara walk in. Rebecca's on edge, flinching as Sara closes the door. Rebecca's parents rush in from the living room. Her fathe gives her an awkward hug.
118) 10) dialog: Nothing.
118) 12) dialog: 
118) 16) dialog: Sara's my roommate.
118) 20) dialog: Come on, let me show you my room.
119) 0) text: Rebecca slams the door behind them, startling Sara.
119) 7) dialog: They didn't need to know. Rebecca plops down on the bed. Sara looks around. It's a typical teenage girl's bedroom. Except, no posters. Just drawings covering the walls. The drawings are of teenage girls -- more precisely, they're different drawings of on teenage girl. They're odd, but compelling.
119) 9) dialog: Yeah, some of my high school work. I haven't gotten around to takin them down.
120) 0) text: Family and guest sit around a very nice, but not too larg dining table. The contents of the house are expensive but not pretentious. Rebecca plays with her food, clearly not wanting to engag her parents, who are undaunted. All smiles and warmth.
120) 11) dialog: Dad!
120) 14) dialog: She'll stay in my room. Sara turns to Rebecca, confused but willing to go along.
121) 0) text: Sara and Rebecca are getting ready to sleep. Sara has mad makeshift bed in the middle of the floor.
121) 1) dialog: We can share the bed if you want. Sara looks down at her own "bed" and takes a glance at th walls. On the floor, she's going to be surrounded by the drawings of Rebecca looking at her.
121) 3) dialog: Thanks for coming.
121) 5) dialog: Done. Sara closes her eyes. It's silent. Rebecca turns over. A beat. She opens her eyes -- just inches from Sara. She ev so slowly raises her hand and gently strokes Sara's hair.
125) 0) text: Rebecca and her father sitting at the table. Just the moonlight through the window falling over them. Spooky.
125) 2) dialog: Fine. My grades are good.
125) 9) dialog: I'm making friends. Jeff, very subtly, cringes. A long beat.
125) 12) dialog: I know. He doesn't know what else to say. Outside Sara sees the framed photos on the wall. Each features Rebecca's parents in some exotic locale: On beach... on the ski slopes... on a cruise ship. They smil happily at the camera. Rebecca isn't in a single picture.
126) 14) dialog: 
127) 0) text: It's an affluent but quaint little town's main street. Rebecca and Sara stroll down the sidewalk. Sara cuts discreet, sideways glances at Rebecca.
127) 1) dialog: Is everything okay?
127) 4) dialog: 
127) 13) dialog: 
127) 16) dialog: They went to my high school.
127) 18) dialog: Let's leave. Rebecca walks towards the door. Sara, confused, gathers h things and gets up. Rebecca stops at the Brunette's table The Brunette sits there, like a deer caught in headlights
127) 24) dialog: Hello, Maria.
127) 27) dialog: Oh, I wanted to introduce you to Sara. My roommate. Sara gives a small wave to Maria, who looks her over. Alm as if she feels sorry for her.
132) 0) text: She walks in, still a bit out of breath. Rebecca is packi her back-pack.
132) 1) dialog: (not looking up) Good run?
132) 3) dialog: I'm going to the art studio.
132) 10) dialog: Don't wait up, Sara...
132) 12) dialog: Forgot my pad. She snags it from her bed and leaves. Sara eyes Rebecca's dresser. But first... She walks to the door and opens it.
134) 0) text: Sara heads straight for Rebecca's dresser. A beat. Is she really going to do this? Yes. She slides open the top dra Supplies. The second drawer: sketchpads. She leafs throug them: Empty. She searches the third drawer: Sweaters. She feels around beneath them. Wait a minute. She pulls out: Two bottles of prescription medicine. "LITHIUM... For APD Both bottles are full of pills. As Sara stares at them... A HAND TAPS HER SHOULDER. She leaps out of her socks. But it's just Stephen.
135) 0) text: Rebecca is standing up, back pack around her shoulder, he drawing pad in her other hand. Her arm is wrapped around pole for balance. She stares out the window. No emotion. looks like she's staring at her own reflection. The train comes to a halt. Riders shuffle around. Rebecca sees a seat open up and sits down. She opens her drawing pad and starts on a blank piece of paper. She loo up and we see what she's been staring at: Irene.
137) 0) text: A stylish, hip night club. A sophisticated crowd. Irene a three FRIENDS sit in the lounge section, sipping exotic martinis and watching the dance floor. And on that dance floor one particular woman dances by herself, lost in the music, oblivious to everything aroun her. She turns as she dances and we see that it's Rebecca Irene gets up and heads towards the bathroom. As she wind her away around the borders of the dance floor, she notic Rebecca. She pauses to watch her. THEIR EYES MEET FOR MOR
138) 0) text: Irene stands at the mirror, fixing her make-up. The door opens and closes. She glances over to see Rebecca walking Rebecca steps to the sink, just a few feet down from Iren She's out of breath, a sexy sheen of sweat on her arms. Irene breaks out a tube of lip gloss. Rebecca is watching in the mirror, and Irene knows it. She applies the gloss smiles at the little kick it gives her. Her eyes find Rebecca's in the mirror.
138) 2) dialog: 
138) 3) dialog: Thanks. So are you. Great lips. What kind is it?
138) 10) dialog: Can I try it? Irene hands her the lip gloss... Rebecca takes her hand a pulls her close. She kisses Irene full on the lips.
138) 11) dialog: You're right... cinnamon. Irene smiles. This room's heating up fast. Irene's eyes meet Rebecca's.
138) 12) dialog: Why don't we get out of here. I'd invite you to my place, but I have a roommate.
138) 14) dialog: What are we waiting for?
145) 0) text: She finds Rebecca, sitting on her bed. Drawing. She light when she sees Sara.
145) 1) dialog: Hey!
145) 8) dialog: Oh, I got inspired. I just lost track of time. Sara pulls off her sweaty top and throws it in the hamper grabbing a towel. She's wearing a sportsbra, revealing he tattoo. Sara grabs a robe. A beat. She's nervous, but she needs to do this. Time for "big talk." She sits on her bed and faces Rebecca.
145) 10) dialog: 
145) 11) dialog: I want a tattoo.
145) 14) dialog: Please. It would mean a lot to me. I won't be able to do it without you. Sara looks into her plaintive eyes. So much want in them.
146) 2) dialog: I know what I want.
147) 4) dialog: 
147) 6) dialog: If you want... you can call me Emily. Sara clenches her fists. She's shaking with rage. She mov toward Rebecca, whose grin fades.
147) 7) dialog: What's the matter? Sara steps up to her, inches away, ready to beat the shit of her. And Rebecca can't believe it. She's that far gone Her eyes search Sara's for an answer. Sara abruptly turns and walks out the door. Rebecca watch her leave through the front window. Sara never looks back
149) 0) text: Sara walks out to the cab. Pauses. She's tempted to look at her dorm room window... but she doesn't. Good thing, too. Rebecca sits on the ledge, looking down. Her face is blank. Not hurt, not angry -- completely blan
150) 0) text: Rebecca still sits at the window. She holds her camera up taking a picture down below. She turns as Stephen enters. She puts the camera down.
150) 7) dialog: What did I do? He stops searching. Looks at her.
150) 9) dialog: With you? He doesn't answer. He keeps searching... but he can feel Rebecca's eyes on him now. Creepy. He gives up.
152) 0) text: Sara heads to class, walking faster than usual. Bumping i people as she looks around, making sure she'll spot Rebec before Rebecca spots her. She makes it to the front door of the building. She looks back at the quads.
153) 0) text: Sara locks the front door and heads back home. She walks down an empty quad. She slows at the sight of.. Rebecca. Walking directly towards her from the other end the quad. No one else is in sight. Sara thinks about veering off to side. No. She can do this. She walks straight ahead. Rebe keeps her pace; hooded sweater up, looking down at the pavement, listening to her Walkman. Sara takes a deep breath as they get closer to each other preparing herself for the confrontation. Ten feet away no Five... But Rebecca passes her without looking. Sara walks a litt further and turns around. Rebecca keeps walking. Did she even see her?
156) 0) text: Rebecca is alone, with just a crack of light coming from open door to the hallway. She's sketching, still wearing Walkman. Hundreds of sheets of paper are scattered around floor, but we can't see what she's drawing.
161) 0) text: Rebecca kneels down in front of her dresser. Opens the bo drawer. Her sweaters. She fishes underneath them. Pulls o her lithium pills. But just looks at them. Anger in her e She puts the bottle back.
163) 0) text: Rebecca sits back into Sara's chair, staring at the door, ignoring the knocks. Almost catatonic. Her right hand slowly drags a utility knife over the armr shredding it to pieces.
165) 0) text: Rebecca stares at the note for a moment. She walks to the door, picks it up and begins to read Jason's note.
166) 0) text: Rebecca lets the water soak her. Eyes open. She runs her fingers through her now long dark brown hair. Black water trickles down her legs and puddles near the drain.
167) 0) text: Rebecca stands naked in front of the mirror, staring at h reflection. She then digs into her bag and pulls out a lo pair of shears. Her "Emily" tattoo is starting to heal. S gently traces the letters with the sharp tips of the shea still looking at it in the mirror. She lifts the shears and starts cutting her hair shorter. Just above her shoulders.
168) 0) text: Rebecca walks over to Sara's closet. She opens it and thu through some of the clothes that Sara left behind. She pu out a dress. Holds it in front of herself as she stands i front of the mirror. Nice -- but something's missing. Rebecca goes to her drawer and pulls out Sara's silver ch Which she caresses in her hand.
171) 0) text: The elevator door opens, revealing Rebecca. Or is it Sara The hair. The dress. The tattoo. Rebecca looks just like
172) 0) text: Jason, shirtless, sleeps on his stomach in bed. The front door clicks and slowly creaks open just enough a silhouette of a woman to appear. She closes the door. J barely acknowledges the noise in his sleep. Rebecca walks to the bed in the soft moonlight. She stare down at Jason. She slips off her dress, which falls to th floor. She's in just bra and panties now. She climbs onto the bed beside Jason. He starts awake.
172) 3) dialog: Shhhh. She crawls onto him, not letting him turn over. She start kissing the back of his neck.
172) 6) dialog: Mm-hmmm. Kissing his back now, moving lower.
172) 8) dialog: 
172) 15) dialog: 
172) 18) dialog: But she doesn't love you. Jason's eyes fly open. That wasn't Sara's voice. And thos aren't Sara's eyes boring into his. Rebecca leans down, her face to his. Jason's eyes widen i shock, horror, and now pain as her unseen hands drive the knife deep into his gut. He gasps.
172) 19) dialog: You hurt her. She kisses him -- the last thing he'll ever feel. He shudders, trembles, and lies still, eyes open.
179) 11) dialog: Sit down and shut up. Sara lowers herself into a black chair, her eyes on Irene Rebecca picks up Sara's cell phone.
179) 12) dialog: Listen to me. All I ever wanted was to be your friend. A beat. Sara knows she has to play this just right.
179) 19) dialog: No. Shut up. We're not friends. We're here because you betrayed me.
179) 21) dialog: Stop it. Stop saying things you don't mean. I protected you. From that whore Tracy and that nasty little kitten... and That scumbag of a professor...
179) 24) dialog: I got rid of them all. And how do you repay me? By leaving me. Sara sinks out of the chair onto her knees in astonishmen She looks at Irene. Sara digs deep... lifts up her face... and looks Rebecca the eye. She puts everything she has into this.
179) 26) dialog: Now we can start all over again. Let's make things the way they were, Sara. That first day. Just the two of us. Sara sees Rebecca start to twist a garbage bag in her han
179) 28) dialog: After all... you can only have one best friend.
179) 34) dialog: Lay still bitch.
179) 36) dialog: Stop! I mean it. Rebecca raises the gun to Sara's face but Sara keeps comi Rebecca realizes she can't stop Sara. She cracks Sara acr the temple with the gun-butt, knocking her to the floor. She kneels down beside Sara. Worried... clearing the hair from Sara's face.
179) 37) dialog: 
181) 0) text: Rebecca wipes blood off her lip and leans up to the door.
181) 1) dialog: Don't make me hurt you, Sara. I just want to be your friend.
183) 0) text: Rebecca looks around for the gun. Throwing chairs and furniture around. She finds it. Picks the gun off the floor.
186) 0) text: Rebecca, back at the bedroom door, raises the gun and fir
187) 0) text: The door shatters, and the bullet continues straight ahea and tears a pillow open, just beside Irene's head. Feathe go flying. Irene screams. Rebecca kicks the door open and steps in, gun in hand.
187) 1) dialog: I know you're scared, Sara. But I promise, everything is gonna be okay. She stops short at the sight of...Sara on the ledge. Rebecca turns and stares at Irene. Fresh panic rising in Irene's eyes.
187) 2) dialog: Sorry, Irene. But she's my friend, not yours. She raises the gun at the helpless Irene... But out of nowhere STEPHEN, RUSHING UP FROM BEHIND, knock her arm. The gun fires wildly, one bullet...
189) 0) text: Rebecca fires another shot, hitting a giant bedroom mirro shattering it's reflection of Rebecca's struggle with Stephen. Rebecca slams her head into his lip, knocking him backwar He keeps hold of her, and they hit the floor, the gun fly out of Rebecca's hand. Stephen gets on top. He lifts his arm high and balls his before he puts it right in her face full throttle, knocki her out cold. He quickly takes the gun and puts it inside his belt as h races for the window.
190) 10) dialog: You won't do it. We're fr-- Sara pulls the trigger. Click. Rebecca stares in shock. Click. Click. Click. Click. Sara closes her eyes in frustration. She drops the gun. Tears stream down Rebecca's face. She can't believe Sara pulled that trigger. But as if flipping a switch... Rebecca's sadness turns to rage. She balls her fists, her knuckles white, and... CHARGES at Sara full force, slamming her against the wall She tosses her like a ragdoll across the room, where... Sara's head slams the nightstand, knocking the contents o Rebecca's purse everywhere. Rebecca wipes the tears from her eyes. It hurts her to hu Sara.
190) 11) dialog: Friends help each other. They take care of each other. Sara, dazed and weak, stares at Rebecca.