9) 6) dialog: Psi U.'s throwing a bash. Let's go.
9) 8) dialog: They're a frat. Beer... guys...
11) 0) text: Sara, Tracy, Kim and the others from the floor are at the head of the line, stepping into the house. They're met by FRAT BOUNCER.
11) 2) dialog: For a frat party?! Seriously? He holds up a handful of ugly lime-green wristbands. Kim steps around him.
11) 10) dialog: Come on, just us. We won't tell. The bouncer is tempted but not budging.
11) 12) dialog: Wuss. Defeated, Tracy walks over to the table. Turns back to Sa
11) 13) dialog: You want something to drink?
11) 20) dialog: (yells over the music) Why aren't you dancing?
11) 22) dialog: They're not that bad. Tracy pulls Sara deeper in the crowd. Now all three start jumping up and down to the music. Sara's getting into it Tracy chugs her drink.
15) 0) text: They spot Tracy propped up against the railing at the bot of the stairs. Sara rushes over to her. A couple frat boy stand over her. Not sure what to do with her.
16) 0) text: Sara, Stephen, and Tracy stumble into the dorm lobby. Sar wears a jacket Stephen gave her for the walk. Kim and ANOTHER GIRL step forward and grab Tracy.
27) 11) dialog: RRRRRREBECCA. How formal. What can we call you?
27) 14) dialog: How 'bout Becky?
27) 17) dialog: 
32) 20) dialog: Cancel those library plans. Guess who made the guest list at Rebar?
32) 24) dialog: Yes you do. Thanks to my badass self.
33) 0) text: A posh Los Angeles bar. Loud and packed to the gills with mostly young students. Sara and Tracy stand at the bar, getting jostled, looking like... two naive college kids. As they try to get the bartender's attention, older guys check them out, smiling and mouthing "Hi." Sara tries to ignore them, but Tracy's in heaven.
33) 1) dialog: How great is this? No parents. No curfews.
33) 4) dialog: Too bad Rebecca blew us off. Talk about the life of the party.
33) 6) dialog: I'm just saying.
33) 8) dialog: Yeah right...
33) 15) dialog: I think... Tracy raises her shot glass. She and Sara clink and drink Tracy waves at the suits again. Thanks guys.
33) 16) dialog: We can do better. She takes Sara's hand and pulls her out onto the dance fl
34) 0) text: Sara and Tracy whirl in the hot mix of bodies. Having the time of their lives. A HANDSOME GUY moves in, his eyes on Tracy. Tracy loves it. They dance together as Sara watches, smil Tracy and the handsome guy drift further away from Sara. Sara is now dancing by herself. A GUY moves in on her, bu she politely dances away. She scans the dance floor for Tracy. Where'd she go? She steps off the dance floor and scans the bar -- no sig her.
51) 0) text: Sara walks off the elevator, still sky-high. She walks through the lounge, where Tracy sits on the couch. A television plays in the background.
51) 1) dialog: Hey. Sara thinks about ignoring her but stops. Her tone is col
51) 3) dialog: Psi U. tonight?
51) 5) dialog: Sara... the guy had a Porsche. And a hot tub.
51) 12) dialog: What I meant to say is -- I'm sorry -- I totally screwed up. Down the hall, we see Rebecca open her door and peek out. watches Tracy and Sara. Tracy gives Sara sad, puppy dog eyes. Sara laughs.
57) 0) text: Tracy is passed out in her bed. She stirs as she wakes. S reaches around her, slapping her end table.
57) 1) dialog: Water. I need water. She stumbles to the mini-fridge and looks in: Empty. She groans. She grabs an empty cup... opens her door... And lets out a sharp little scream.
58) 0) text: Rebecca sits right across from Tracy's door, her back aga the wall. Staring at Tracy.
58) 6) dialog: Rebecca? What are you doing? Rebecca cocks her head at Tracy, as if she's trying to comprehend her. A beat. She stands... and walks to her. Tracy takes a step back, shaken by Rebecca's calm, morose demeanor. Rebecca stares right into her eyes. She makes a slight move towards Tracy, who flinches. Rebe turns and walks down to her room. At her door, she turns smiles. She disappears into her room. Tracy stands there, spooked.
59) 0) text: AERIAL VIEW of Sara and Rebecca walking to class. Tracy w ten yards behind them, waiting until... Rebecca and Sara wave "goodbye" to each other and head do different paths. Tracy hurries after Sara and catches up.
59) 2) dialog: Listen... something is up with your roommate.
59) 4) dialog: She was outside my room this morning.
59) 6) dialog: Waiting for me. I opened my door... and there she was. Just sitting there, staring. Like some psycho.
59) 13) dialog: You don't believe me?
59) 15) dialog: Why don't you ask her? I've gotta go...I'll see ya later. Tracy stops and watches Sara as she continues on. Tracy turns to go the other way, but before she leaves her eyes catch Rebecca standing in front of a nearby building. Rebecca stares at Tracy much like she did in the hallway. Tracy leaves in a hurry.
67) 0) text: Kim exits the bathroom and passes Tracy coming the other
67) 2) dialog: Hey. Tracy, wearing just a towel, and brushing her teeth as sh walks, steps into the bathroom.
68) 1) dialog: You have to be kidding me. Hey! The only light is some distorted moonlight through the window. Tracy steps out of the shower, grabbing her towel Just as she starts to feel her way along the wall... The lights come back on. She sighs happily... sheds her towel... and steps back under the steaming water. A beat. The lights go off again.
68) 2) dialog: Goddammit ! She turns off the shower. A beat of silence, but now... o of the other showers turns on. What the hell?
68) 3) dialog: Hey, how about turning on the light?
68) 9) dialog: Who's out there? Tracy, back in her towel, nervous now, feels her way alon the wall again. She turns on the lights. The curtains are drawn in front of both running showers. Tracy stares at them. A beat.
68) 10) dialog: I know it's you. She walks over to the shower. A beat. She rips away one curtain. Nothing behind it but the running shower. She tu it off. She stares at the other curtain.
68) 11) dialog: Sara thinks you're weird. She told me. She pulls back the other curtain... nothing. She turns of that shower, too. But she can still hear running water. She looks back. The curtain from her own shower is closed again. The sound of running water behind it. She walks over.
68) 12) dialog: Not funny, Rebecca. (under her breath) Bitch. She grips the curtain. She steels herself. She yanks the curtain open to see... Just running water. Tracy shakes her head. She looks arou no one. She slips her towel off and slips back under the water. Screw Rebecca -- she's going to finish this shower
68) 13) dialog: Freak. Just as the warm water starts to relax her... THE SHOWER CURTAIN CRASHES OVER HER, pile-driven by Rebec The curtain comes right off the rings. Tracy is slammed against the shower wall. She hits the fl hard, with Rebecca on top of her. Water pelting them both
70) 0) text: Rebecca sits on her bed, petting Cuddles, blood still on fingers, humming the tune that Tracy was humming in the bathroom. She hears steps and voices in the hallway. She smiles -- must be Sara. She quickly turns off the light and pretends to sleep. Bu the steps pass her door and keep going. Not Sara. She turns on the light. Worry in her eyes. She picks up h cell phone and dials.
92) 0) text: As Sara crosses the quads, she spots Tracy up ahead, walk by herself.
92) 8) dialog: Oh, hey. Tracy smiles, but weakly. The girl's lost all her sparkle Her eyes dart around nervously, like a bird's.
92) 10) dialog: Yeah, Conrad Hall. Seemed like a better vibe.
92) 14) dialog: 