3) 0) text: As the raging dust storm clears to reveal the same castle which we saw earlier, but now, in a ruined state. It has aged 700 years.  The ox is gone.  Now only its petrified skeletal remains stand in a weathered heap.
7) 0) text: Professor Raymond Knowby sits at a writing desk and transcribes passages from the Book of the Dead.  A small framed photograph of his daughter Annie sits upon the table.  Behind him, HENRIETTA sits knitting in a rocking chair.
11) 0) text: The Delta 88 Oldsmobile parked out front.  Fog roars past the place.  We faintly hear waltz music from within.  The silhouette of a woman sweeps by the rear bedroom window.
13) 2) text: ...the shattered photograph of Annie Knowby and the Book of the Dead.
13) 6) text: Linda takes Ash's hand.  She's frightened.  Ash smiles to comfort her.  She nervously fingers the silver locket she wears about her neck.
14) 0) text: The cabin is in the distance.  In the foreground the earth begins to swell, then rips apart as a red glow emanates from beneath.  Something evil is being unleashed.
25) 0) text: The bright edge of morning sunlight spreading across his face, he lets loose a demonic death shriek.
27) 0) text: Ash, no longer possessed, collapses into the mud puddle, unconscious.
28) 0) text: Streams of morning sunlight pierce the darkness of the woods.  We hear the shriek of demons.  The sound of SIZZLING.  A great wind blows back fog into the darker sections of the woods.  The scene grows brighter and the peaceful sounds of morning are faded up.
29) 4) text: Panning the battered cabin and sections of the woods. All is peaceful.  The sound of birds tweeting.
55) 0) text: Camera moves through the main room and up to the Hallway door.  It shatters in front of us.  We close in on Ash as he races down the hallway.  We lose him as he swings into the back bedroom of the cabin and slams the door behind him.  We rip through this door and enter the rear bedroom, only to see Ash scrambling for the door to the middle bedroom, which we approach and he swings shut in our face.  We rip through to reveal Ash scurrying into the Hallway.  We follow him through the bathroom, the maze, and back out into the Hallway.  We round the corner after him and see that Ash has led us into the main room, but there is not a trace of him.  We look about for him, but he is gone. The hallway is bare except for a few dry leaves.
56) 0) text: The force begins to pull back with an ever-increasing speed, out the front door of the cabin, and deep into the blackness of the woods.
59) 0) text: Ed Getly stands in the FG and watches as an older style twin engine cargo plane flies over the camera and lands.
59) 2) dialog: Annie!
59) 5) dialog: How'd everything go on the expedition?
59) 7) dialog: So you said in the telegram.  What condition are they in? She holds out the glass case for Ed to look at.
59) 11) dialog: Haven't aged a day in three thousand years.
59) 13) dialog: When do we begin the translations?
59) 15) dialog: Should be, but I haven't spoken to him in a week, what with no phone in that cabin.  Take us about an hour to get there. They arrive at the parking lot.  Two new, sharp looking cheverolets and Ed's old style cheverolet.
59) 16) dialog: We'll take my car. Ed opens the car trunk.  Behind him a redcap pulls up a large steamer trunk on a hand dolly.  Ed and the redcap hoist the steamer up into the car's trunk.
59) 17) dialog: Annie, you hinted in your telegram that your father was on to something with the first part of his translations.  What's the big mystery?  What has he found in The Book of the Dead?
61) 0) text: Camera begins on hammer, nails, and planking which lay upon the cabin floor.  Camera pans to window #1. It is boarded up tight.  Camera pans to door.  It is repaired.  Camera pans to Ash who sleeps in the rocking chair in front of another boarded window. Ash awakens suddenly, sensing something, the shotgun clutched in his lap.  He lifts his head and turns to a whispering musical sound.  Harp like music. It is coming from the back bedroom of the cabin.
68) 1) text: The WALTZ MELODY fills the sound track, and the rotting corpse that was Linda begins to dance, bending and swaying as she sweeps gracefully through the evening fog.  A waltz of the dead. The style of dance begins to change.  It becomes more primitive.  The music changes to a more primal beat. The dance becomes sexually oriented.  Erotic, with sharp pelvic thrusts and gyrating hip motions.
71) 1) text: Linda's DECAPITATED HEAD rolls across the ground and up the hillside graveyard.
80) 0) text: As Ash staggers painfully around the side of the cabin and towards the work shed; Linda's head still clamped to his hand.
81) 0) text: The door to the place is kicked open, revealing Ash and Linda's head on the end of his hand.  It is a room full of sawdust, chains and power tools.  Old bones hang from the walls.
90) 0) text: Cool water runs over Ash's burned hand.  Ash rests his head on the kitchen counter and mumbles reassurances to himself.
90) 3) text: The plate is shattered over Ash's head.  The hand grabs Ash's hair and mercilessly slams his head down upon the kitchen counter again and again. Ash punches himself in the face and is sent reeling backwards.  He smashes into a cupboard where dishes and plates fall upon him.
90) 5) text: Ash is knocked unconscious.  The hand continues breaking objects over his head.  Ash lies unmoving, but still alive.
90) 7) text: The hand as it independently crawls towards the meat cleaver.  The hand is stopped when it runs out of arm, now anchored by Ash's unconscious body.
92) 1) text: The CAMERA cranes down as Annie's car approaches from the distance. It pulls to a halt. Ed and Annie step from the car.
92) 2) text: A red tow truck with its orange lights flashing is parked there. Painted on it's side is "Jake's Gas N' Go." Jake, a toothless, backwoods, greasemonkey is setting up flares and wooden roadblocks.  Annie and Ed approach.
94) 4) dialog: Terrific.  Now what?
94) 13) dialog: That sounds all right.
95) 0) text: A hiking trail winds through the woods.  Bobby Joe leads the way with flashlight in hand.  She pockets some bills.  She is followed by Annie and Ed who carry the glass case containing the missing pages and the handbag.  A grunting and sweating Jake brings up the rear, the large steamer trunk on his back. He is cursing under his breath.
97) 5) text: Just out of frame, Ash thrusts the glowing shovel against the stump to cauterize the wound.  Red steam hisses up into frame as Ash screams.
99) 59) dialog: No.  We thought her - Annie steps forward.
103) 1) text: Ash begins to realize where he is.  Growing terror on his battered face.
106) 5) text: Last night Henrietta tried to kill me.
107) 3) text: It is October 1, 4:33 p.m.  Henrietta is dead.  I could not bring myself to dismember her corpse.  But I buried her.
108) 3) text: I . . . buried her . . . in the cellar.
109) 3) text: God help me, I buried her in the earthen floor of the fruit cellar!
112) 2) dialog: Somebody's down there with him.
121) 6) dialog: As he moves to help Jake, Henrietta swats at his jaw, knocking him backward into a picture frame. He shatters i with his head and slumps to the floor.
121) 15) text: I fear that whatever I have resurrected from this book, is sure to come calling for me.
122) 37) dialog: (In the voice of POSSESSED #1)
122) 38) text: We are the things that were. (In the voice of POSSESSED #2)
122) 39) text: And shall be again! HA HA HA HA HA! (In the voice of POSSESSED #1)
122) 40) text: Spirits of the book. (In the voice of POSSESSED #2)
122) 42) dialog: (In the voice of POSSESSED #1)
122) 43) text: Dead by dawn! (In the voice of POSSESSED #2)
122) 62) dialog: (In the voice of a woman)
124) 37) text: Jake slowly stands into the empty frame. He is in shock from what he has just seen.  Annie slowly rises into frame - shaking her head in a silent "No." Ash slowly rises into frame, terrified. They are looking down at the out-of-frame remains of possessed Ed.
128) 2) text: She runs deep into the woods, still looking behind her as she slams into a twisted oak tree that stops her flat. An angry face appears on the surface of the tree.  Its gnarled bark folds open to reveal very human like oversiz eyes.  A large fold in its bark opens to form a gaping mouth dripping tree sap saliva.
141) 0) text: As scared as the rest of them, but driven to find Bobby Joe.
146) 0) text: Jake halts his screaming.  He listens in the silence as possessed Ash juts up into the frame!  His eyes are bone white, his flesh, the pale color of the dead. His lips, black.  He bellows to the night!
151) 7) text: As the door to the hallway is pulled open, revealing ... only the empty hallway.
152) 2) text: As she moves down the hall.  It is dark.  Curtains flutter on the boarded windows.
154) 0) text: Annie is frightened.  She spins her head to a sound.
154) 7) text: As the dagger imbeds in the intruder's chest.  CAMERA PANS UP quickly to reveal a gasping Jake.
163) 0) text: Ash's hand flips open the latch on the shed door.
164) 0) text: The door is kicked open, revealing the silhouette of Ash and Annie as they stand in the doorway.
164) 16) text: The "T" shaped end of the starter cord falls neatly into the "V" shaped hook that is strapped around Ash's neck.
164) 19) text: Ash extends his chainsaw arm, pulling on the starter cord.  The CHAINSAW ROARS to life.  With his free arm Ash raises the shotgun.  He lowers the blade of the chainsaw down upon the barrel.  Sparks fly as the saw cuts through it.  The long barrel falls to the floor. Ash is left with a sawed off shotgun in one hand and a chainsaw strapped to his other arm. With a fancy style western flip to the gun Ash saddles the shotgun in a makeshift holster, strapped to his back. The CAMERA SLOWLY TRACKS into Ash's face.
165) 0) text: In the distance, the tiny figures of Ash and Annie as they move from the workshed to the cabin.  In the foreground is a large oak tree.  A gnarled human- like face can be made out on the surface of the tree. It is lit from beneath and slolwly brought up on a dimmer.  A horrible twisted tree face.  It suddenly opens its mouth and breathes in a gust of air with a terrible wheezing sound, as though in great pain at being brought to life.  It turns sharply towards the cabin.
171) 3) text: Ed's skeletal carcass falls to the earthen floor still wrapped in the bloody sheet.
171) 6) text: She got hungry. Ash turns from the skeleton and quickly gathers up the remaining pages from the Book of the Dead.  Getting scared now, he backs into the cellar's front room.
173) 8) text: In an instant, his entire body is pulled beneath the steps.
181) 25) text: They pull apart and look into each others eyes.  Annie holds the pages.  Maybe they can get away after all.  A LOUD BOOMING echoes throughout the cabin!  As though the outside walls of the place were being bombarded by cannon balls.  The kitchen wall behind them buckles.
183) 3) text: No!  I only completed the first of the passages.  And that was to make the evil a thing of the flesh!
200) 1) text: As rotten apple head is sucked out the doorway of the cabin.  The door slams shut behind it.  Its scream echoes off into the distance.
211) 0) text: Ash is rocketed through the air, spinning somersaults.
218) 2) text: As it seals shut, leaving only the blue sky and the sound of tweeting birds.  Ash's view of the serene sky changes abruptly as five steel helmets jut into his line of sight.  Five armor-clad medieval WARRIORS stand directly over him.
219) 1) text: A "WINGED DEADITE," a female harpy like creature with the tail of a sea horse and man-sized bat wings, enabling it to fly.  The screaming beast swoops down towards the warriors and horses. High above, the distant shapes of other Winged Deadites circle.