12) 3) dialog: Ash, what's that you're playing?
12) 6) dialog: Out of breath, hair tousled across her eyes, she stares deeply into Ash's eyes.  Her lips, parted, in a sensual manner.
12) 8) dialog: Ow!
12) 12) dialog: I really love it.  I'll never take it off. They kiss and now begin to dance together, to the haunting waltz melody that sweeps up upon the soundtrack.
13) 6) text: Linda takes Ash's hand.  She's frightened.  Ash smiles to comfort her.  She nervously fingers the silver locket she wears about her neck.
15) 1) dialog: Her eyes pop open.  They are bone white.  She has fallen to the possession.
16) 5) text: Linda's head rolls down the hillside and disappears into the darkness.
20) 0) text: Ash stands and clutches the necklace of Linda, in sorrow for his loss of her.
68) 1) text: The WALTZ MELODY fills the sound track, and the rotting corpse that was Linda begins to dance, bending and swaying as she sweeps gracefully through the evening fog.  A waltz of the dead. The style of dance begins to change.  It becomes more primitive.  The music changes to a more primal beat. The dance becomes sexually oriented.  Erotic, with sharp pelvic thrusts and gyrating hip motions.
71) 1) text: Linda's DECAPITATED HEAD rolls across the ground and up the hillside graveyard.
72) 2) text: As it leaps through the air and gracefully situates itself atop Linda's neck, she begins to spin, yet her head remains in place, never taking her eyes from Ash. With a sensual twirl and leap, she disappears into the evening mists.
75) 2) dialog: 
80) 0) text: As Ash staggers painfully around the side of the cabin and towards the work shed; Linda's head still clamped to his hand.
81) 0) text: The door to the place is kicked open, revealing Ash and Linda's head on the end of his hand.  It is a room full of sawdust, chains and power tools.  Old bones hang from the walls.
81) 13) dialog: Please Ash, help me.  I love you, please don't hurt me.
81) 15) dialog: Pleading with him.
81) 16) dialog: You promised me we'd always be together.  You swore to me!
81) 23) dialog: 
160) 5) text: The NECKLACE of Linda.
160) 8) dialog: I'll never take it off. And then it hits him.  The emotion of love lost. It floods the monster that is ASH.  He clutches the necklace tightly to his bestial chest.  And as the Love/waltz theme sweeps up in volume on the sound track, the monster begins to cry.