0) 0) text: A garish Jose Cuervo ad flashes by on the side of a brigh yellow HUMMER as it drives through frame, pulling CAMERA the mid-summer crush of semi-clad, youthful bodies on mai street Lake Havasu, Arizona. Havasu is an overcrowded blue collar summer paradise at t peak of its three-month-a-year run of prosperity. You can almost smell the sunscreen as heat waves make the crowd o the pavement appear to waver like a mirage in the desert. Main street is a row of tourist trap t-shirt shops, bars coffee shops and cafes. Beyond lies the shimmering expans of the lake itself. CRANE SHOT ENDS as a four wheel drive pick-up pulls into foreground. A sign on the side of the truck reads “Patter Bait and Dive Shop.” A beautiful golden retriever, BAXTER bounds out of the open truck bed, barking merrily. TED PATTERSON and JULIE TUPPER step out of the cab. They’ one of those golden couples who have the ease and confide of two people who are perfect for each other. They are bronzed, athletic, early thirties.
1) 0) text: A bell mounted on the front door JINGLES merrily as Julie enters with Baxter bounding close at her heels. The Proprietor, NATE HASKEL, is a pleasant, if forgettable, middle-aged man, idly surfing the web on his laptop. He rises as they enter.
1) 7) dialog: Only three weeks.
1) 10) dialog: That’s sweet, Nate.
1) 13) dialog: (skeptical) Balinese fighting fish?
1) 15) dialog: Sounds like they’1l eat everything else in the tank.
1) 19) dialog: (takes Baxter) You two chat, I’ve got to get back to the dock. Your brother’s the only one minding the store.
1) 21) dialog: And don’t forget, you’ve got a dive at one o’clock with that dot com guy.
1) 23) dialog: Just don’t let him spear you in that cute tush. Julie pinches Ted’s jeans-clad butt.
1) 25) dialog: (waves as she exits) Thanks, Nate!
1) 27) text: Julie. (big smile) Or Mrs. Patterson.
5) 0) text: Julie rises to her feet, screw driver in one greasy hand, spark plug in the other. JACOB WYATT is assisting her. He a tough-as-nails ex-longshoreman in his sixties. The boat they’re working on begins BANGING against the do pylons. Julie grips the gunnels to steady herself. Then it’s over as suddenly as it started.
7) 0) text: Julie rises as the boat steadies itself. ZACK PATTERSON, Ted’s younger brother, bursts out of the dive shop and crosses to Julie. Zack’s a tattooed twenty-year-old with curious charm about him.
7) 2) dialog: Yeah. Was that an earthquake?
7) 6) dialog: Zack, is your brother still out on that dive?
7) 15) dialog: You’re calling the search off.
7) 17) dialog: Maybe what?! He could still be alive out there.
7) 19) dialog: What are you talking about?
7) 21) dialog: It’s a little late for sensitivity.
7) 23) dialog: We found his boat adrift!
7) 25) dialog: What are you getting at?
7) 29) dialog: How do you explain the businessman Ted was diving with...?
7) 31) dialog: So, what... you don’t believe me?
7) 33) dialog: You’re difficult for me.
7) 35) dialog: You were done before you even started, weren’t you Sheriff? (rises) I guess I can’t blame you, this is such a busy time of year for you. Must be hard to keep up with all those fishing licenses. Julie storms out and slams the door.
8) 1) dialog: (enters passenger’s side) Don’t ask. 10.
8) 3) dialog: What do you think happened to him, Jacob?
8) 5) dialog: (searches for the words) But Ted was... he was the best.
8) 7) dialog: Coffee’s the last thing I need.
10) 19) dialog: What’s going on, Zack? 13.
10) 23) dialog: It’s the law. If you don’t like it, that’s okay. There’s lots of other things to do in Havasu.
10) 25) dialog: Zack’s the best. If you like, we also do tours on our glass bottom boat. Stay dry and see some spectacular underwater life.
10) 33) dialog: He’s right. The lake’1l be calm. Good visibility. Good dive will take you ‘til lunch. We supply sandwiches and sodas. Taylor lays down his platinum card.
10) 35) dialog: Only for after the dive. (aside, to Zack) You sure you want to take these guys out? They seem like a handful. Zack glances up at J.C. and catches her looking at him.
10) 37) dialog: If they don’t shape up during the lesson, promise me you’1l1 pull the plug.
17) 0) text: A beautiful sunlit dawn. Julie detaches the gas line from large, expensive looking houseboat. MRS. TUNNIE, a middle aged woman with oversized accessories (hat, ear rings sunglasses) steps up to the rail.
17) 2) dialog: (pauses) It’s still kinda tough to talk about.
17) 4) dialog: What?
17) 6) dialog: I’m not from Las Vegas, Mrs. Tunnie. I’m from L.A.
17) 8) dialog: I was a realtor.
17) 10) dialog: (gives up) That’s fifty-six thirty-nine, Mrs. Tunnie.
17) 12) dialog: Yes, actually, I am. Ted’s dad needs me to run the dock.
17) 14) dialog: This dock has been in Ted’s family for years.
17) 16) dialog: Excuse me?
17) 18) text: MRS. TUNNIE(cont'd) And now that Ted’s gone, you won’t ever be. Joe can’t run things anymore with his heart condition. So... Julie finally starts to get steamed.
17) 19) dialog: You know what, Mrs. Tunnie? There’s only one thing I miss.
17) 21) dialog: Dancing in Vegas. I miss shaking my bare ass for men like your husband.
17) 24) dialog: Nope. Think I ought to give it a try? (Zack grins) Don’t answer that. Julie secures the gas line. Jacob steps up and takes over for her.
17) 26) dialog: Thanks, Jacob.
17) 28) dialog: Well, they’1l have to wait another twenty as far as I’m concerned.
17) 31) dialog: I’m fine. Just keep it simple with those kids, okay? She tosses Zack the boat keys.
19) 0) text: Julie sips a cup of coffee as she leans against the weath railing, gazing out at the sparkling reflections of the l afternoon light on the water. As she watches, Julie notices an odd turbulence on the la surface. It’s distant, but still noticeable. Julie slips on her UV sunglasses. JULIE’S P.O.V. The image is cleaner. There is definitely something odd about the disturbance on the surface.
19) 1) text: Julie walks a few feet down the dock and grabs a pair of binoculars from a tackle box. She scans the water, but is now past the safety railing, perched on the edge of the d JULIE’S P.0.V. - BINOCULARS A water skier, a young girl, is heading toward the patch turbulence.
19) 4) text: Julie slips, losing her balance.
19) 6) text: It’s Nate, the pet store owner. Julie recovers, still ups by what she’s seen.
19) 7) dialog: Nate... you startled me.
19) 10) dialog: (pulls herself together) That’s sweet of you, Nate. C’mon in.
20) 0) text: Nate and Julie enter.
20) 2) dialog: I haven’t given up. I won’t until I know what happened to him.
20) 4) dialog: Of course, Nate. Nate is left in a totally awkward state.
20) 6) dialog: Thank you...
22) 0) text: Zack and Marcus stow the dive gear as they discuss the incident with Julie.
22) 1) dialog: Sounds like you got caught in some kind of suck hole. When I was a kid we had to watch out for them along the California coast
22) 5) dialog: (pauses) You think you could find it again?
22) 8) dialog: The point is... if it happened to you, it could have happened to Ted. A chill goes through every person in the room, as they realize that Julie is right.
22) 10) dialog: I know that. (beat) If he is down there, I can’t just leave him. We’ve got to bring him home. Zack begins to choke up.
22) 17) dialog: If it is one of these lakes... is it possible that it could have an air pocket?
25) 16) dialog: So, Mr. Patterson, as a famous deep sea diver... 44.
25) 18) dialog: Okay, whatever. “Deep lake diver,” to what do you attribute your great success?
25) 20) dialog: I told you I don’t do scuba. You guys dive, I’11 make lunch.
25) 22) dialog: Everything. I’11 be so slow, you’11 end up leaving me behind.
31) 0) text: JACOB assists Julie and Zack as they load diving gear int the glass bottom boat, preparing to search for the rift. Baxter the dog is excitedly running up and down the dock.
31) 2) dialog: Oh no, Zack. You didn’t.
31) 5) dialog: (half-hearted) Hi, Nate. Nate holds up his duffel, stuffed full.
31) 7) dialog: It’s sweet of you to offer, but we have no idea if we’ll find anything.
31) 9) dialog: (considers) Of course, Nate. Climb aboard. Jacob grabs his duffel, helps him board. 50.
31) 14) dialog: Alright, grab a seat, everybody. Baxter leaps on board just in time as Julie pulls the boa out of it’s slip.
32) 0) text: KER-SLASH! Zack drops the anchor overboard. They’ve reach the remote cove. Julie passes out compact high-beam flashlights.
32) 1) dialog: You put in the fresh batteries?
32) 8) dialog: (takes back the flare) That’s okay. We don’t expect you to go in.
35) 0) text: Julie tumbles inside, ripped head over heels by the power backwash. She slowly regains control and drifts to a stop
35) 1) text: She gazes up in awe at the vista before her, illuminated the ghostly flicker of her flare. Zack shoots into the cavern right behind her. Jacob’s las 54. JULIE’S P.O.V. - UNDERGROUND LAKE The vast ceiling of the underwater cavern is breathtaking Sistine Chapel of ancient rock arcing out into darkness. This place may have existed undisturbed for centuries. Julie glances back at Zack and Jacob, who are equally in All are humbled by the sheer size of this place. There are several HOLLOWS in the cavern walls, which may may not be passages. Julie and Zack glide forward, pausin at each hollow to briefly illuminate its interior with th flares... searching for any sign of Ted Patterson.
35) 2) text: As Julie, Zack and Jacob pass by, SWARMS OF PIRANHA are revealed, watching from the shadows within the hollows. T hover just beyond the ring of light from the flares. The ghostly forms rise and fall with an eerie grace, stay just out of sight as our heroes slowly swim past.
37) 0) text: Zack, Jacob and Julie swim along with their flickering torches held before them. The cavern has narrowed down to winding tunnel filled with rocky arches and dark hollows. Jacob motions to Julie, showing her that their lifelines nearly played out. As Julie checks her line, the light from her flare falls a beautiful little SEAHORSE, unlike anything she’s seen before. It GLOWS with a soft phosphorescence and its entire body translucent. Its fluttering heart and organs all look as they’re made of glass. It circles around them, its delicate fins whirring like humming bird wings. It’s followed by another half-dozen o its kind, all glowing like something out of a fairy tale. As Julie watches, the seahorses skim across the sandy flo passing over something metallic in the sand... something made. Julie starts towards it, but is pulled up short as her ny cord goes taut. They’ve reached the end of their lifeline She glances back at Zack, then makes a decision. Julie unclips her line and continues forward. Zack is obviously concerned. He looks back JACOB’S P.O.V. Their lines trail off into the dark murky void. Zack reluctantly unclips his line and follows Julie.
38) 8) text: Nate rises, nervously pacing back and forth. Baxter BARKS picking up on Nate’s indecision and fear. Nate glances at the extra oxygen tanks. The box of flares. He knows he should warn Julie. Baxter BARKS.
39) 0) text: Zack’s flickering torch reveals a blocked passage. Dead e He turns back to Jacob and Julie... now what? At that moment, Zack’s torch begins to SPUTTER. Zack fumbles for the flashlight clipped to his belt, just a_swarm of PIRANHA rises up from the hollows behind him. Dozens of sightless eyes reflect the dying light as they up out of the darkness. Zack’s flare finally goes out. Julie grabs Zack’s arm, pulling him back. The swarm surge forward in a swirling mass! Julie holds her flare higher, briefly driving them back, then her flare begins to sputter Icy fear grips Julie as she realizes their situation. She turns back, looking for any other escape route. JULIE’S P.O.V. By the last cold-blue flicker of Julie’s light, the caver walls appear to move. Hundreds of piranha line the walls. They rustle like leaves in the wind, their metallic scale GLISTENING. Julie, Zack and Jacob are completely surround 58. Then Julie’s flare sputters out. The entire cavern is plunged into PITCH BLACK. Zack’s FLASHLIGHT BEAM finally flashes ON, stabbing throu the darkness... It’s too damn narrow and too dim, but it reveals our worst fears;
41) 0) text: Julie swims for her life. The pitch black cavern has now narrowed into a winding tunnel. Julie’s legs are scraped the razor sharp walls, leaving a trail of blood behind he Piranha swarm into the tunnel from both directions. Teeth and eyes FLASH up out of pitch blackness, cutting off her escape.
41) 1) text: At the last second, Julie ducks into a narrow hollow in t cavern wall. The two swarms COLLIDE into one another, just missing Jul The fish attack each other in their killing frenzy, quick filling the tunnel with dark blood and bits of flesh.
42) 0) text: Julie swims for all she’s worth, heading straight up a na “stove pipe” passage. It grows narrower as it twists and turns... growing more and more claustrophobic. Julie now hears the eerie SOUND of the swarm approaching, leathery SNAP of tails accompanied by an almost sublimina banshee WAIL. Julie twists about, scraping the narrow walls as she chec behind her with her flashlight. JULIE’S P.O.V. Hundreds of piranha streak straight up, completely fillin the narrow “stove pipe” passage. 60.
42) 1) dialog: Turns back... and bumps straight into a GRISLY CORPSE. Ha a body blocks her path, a grinning skull beneath a dive m She instinctively flinches backwards, but the sound of th piranha grows LOUDER and LOUDER. Julie grabs the corpse. Could this be Ted? There’s no tim to think. The corpse pulls free, falling to pieces and Ju swims straight through it!
42) 3) dialog: Pure adrenaline empowers her. She desperately swims/scram up the jagged walls. JULIE’S TANK SLAMS into solid rock. She’s caught! The passage is simpl too tight to make it through. She SLAMS into the ring of solid rock again and again, bu she’s stuck like a cork in a bottle.
42) 5) dialog: She SCREAMS, losing her mouthpiece. The pain is excruciating. She panics, gulping water, only seconds lef to live.
42) 6) text: Julie releases her harness. She pulls free of her tank... swims straight up with no oxygen.
42) 8) dialog: No choices left, swims up... up... going on thin hope. Lo odds. Trailing blood. Lungs about to burst. JULIE’S P.O.V. Rising up over jagged rocks... the beam of her flashlight catches something strange in the darkness dead ahead. Her own reflection swims straight at her. Julie breaks th surface!
43) 0) text: Julie sucks in a lungfull of centuries-dank air... and immediately begins coughing. She has surfaced in an AIR POCKET somewhere within the cavern. The beam of her flashlight quickly reveals the truth: She has surfaced in a dead end... a_rocky cove the size o coffin. She flashes her light back downwards.
45) 0) text: Julie is clinging to the rocks, trying to slow her breath Stay calm to survive. She hears a disturbance in the wate beneath her. JULIE’S P.O.V. A Single piranha is squirming through the narrow space between her tank and the passageway. Julie desperately tries to climb higher, but it’s impossi on the slippery moss covered rocks. Trapped. The piranha shoots straight up and breaks the surface lik leaping trout. Julie throws herself to one side. It’s teeth SNAP as it just misses her. The piranha impact the side of the cavern and careens back into the water. Julie begins to hyperventilate, trying desperately to loc the piranha with her flashlight. It could be coming at he from any direction. Her flashlight beam reveals two more wriggling through. T tank SCREECHES against the rocks as it becomes dislodged. The tank drops away into the darkness, and the entire swa surges straight up at Julie. We now hear the most surprising thing of all... a voice. Barely a WHISPER.
45) 2) text: The rabid piranha fly into the air, SNAPPING at Julie as rolls into the safety of the hidden shelf. 65.
45) 4) dialog: Ted! Oh my god, Ted... Tears well up in Julie’s eyes. From this closer angle, we can see how tough it is for hi muster the energy to speak.
45) 6) dialog: Are you alright?
45) 8) dialog: Your hands...
45) 10) dialog: Can you move?
45) 12) dialog: Here. Try to drink. Ted sucks the cool water through blistered lips. 66.
45) 13) dialog: We’ve got to get out of here. The fish can be heard SPLASHING just below them.
45) 15) dialog: (softly) They killed Jacob right in front of me. Tore him to pieces. I tried to help him, but I couldn’t, I...
45) 17) dialog: (shakes her head) Nothing, as far as I can tell. One way in, one way out.
45) 19) dialog: Zack, Nate... we got seperated.
45) 21) dialog: (corrects him) We have to get back to the entrance. I’m not going without you.
47) 0) text: Julie pauses as she hears a DISTURBANCE in the water. She trains her light on the pool beneath them.
47) 2) dialog: What’s happening?
49) 2) dialog: We’re going together.
49) 4) dialog: Remember when you told me you'd never leave me alone down here?
49) 6) dialog: That works both ways. Julie braces herself against the rocks and carefully drag Ted into the water beside her.
49) 8) text: Julie fumbles for his oxygen bit and secures it in his mo She still has no tank of her own. Ted’s too far gone to argue. Julie hyperventilates with quick short breaths to fill he lungs to capacity, then takes one last long GASP and dive straight down, clutching Ted closely to her side.
50) 0) text: Julie swims straight down with all her might. She’s force to go through the bottleneck first, then pull Ted after h Her lungs already aching.
51) 0) text: Julie turns, panic stricken, completely disoriented in th vast black limbo of the cavern. She gives up her last gas of oxygen... but still won’t take the bit from Ted. She’s suddenly jerked back... a hand grasps her shoulder It’s Zack, holding her nylon line. Zack takes out his oxy bit and offers it to Julie. She takes a desperately neede gulp of air. Julie “buddy breathes” with Zack as he helps her pull Ted towards the cavern exit.
52) 0) text: Baxter BARKS excitedly as oxygen bubbles break the surfac Nate appears, then Zack and Julie, supporting Ted. They cling to the boat’s aluminum ladder. ZACK. Ted... is he alive?! Julie spits out the mouthpiece, gasping. 71.
52) 1) dialog: He’s hypothermic. We’ve got to get him to St. Edwards!
52) 3) dialog: He’s gone.
58) 0) text: The boat flies across the moonlit water with Zack at the wheel. He’s speaking on the boat’s shortwave radio. Julie sits with Ted, a blanket pulled tightly around his should
58) 2) dialog: He’s going to make it.
58) 7) dialog: But how could creatures like that turn up in Havasu?
58) 12) dialog: If that’s true, something had to pen it up. oO
58) 17) dialog: What kind of creature Nate? What are they?
68) 19) dialog: What are you...? Zack races to the back of the boat. CLOSER - J.C. She digs into the water fighting the pain, powered by fea what’s behind her... and outrage at the bastard ahead of She slowly gains on Taylor. Taylor and J.C. are neck and neck. The TURBULENCE is righ on top of them, no more than a few feet and closing fast. J.C. grabs Taylor’s ponytail and jerks back with all her might. Taylor SCREAMS like a little girl. J.C. swims righ over him.
68) 22) text: Zack hooks a foot in a wide SLALOM SKI in the aft of the boat, grabs a coil of tow rope and leaps out into the boa wake. Zack hits hard, shooting up a wall of spray... but he han on and rises up out of the water. Julie bears down on the throttle, heading straight for J. Zack quickly shoots up over the wake, sails through mid a and lands wide of the boat. 83. J.C. She’s swimming for all she’s worth, BUT THE CHURNING WATE
73) 0) text: Julie, at the helm, reacts to the sight of the collapsing deck... the SCREAMS of the partygoers.
73) 1) dialog: Oh my god... Julie watches in stunned disbelief. Then she sees the TURBULENCE swirl about... sweeping towards the victims. S hits the gas and veers the boat around. UNDERWATER - PIRANHA P.O.V. Sonar defines dozens of swimmers thrashing in the water a more splash down.
75) 0) text: Julie guns the engines, but the boat is stuck solid. Water seeps through the cracks in the glass bottom boat. Rabid piranhas BUMP and THRASH against it, trying to get their victims. The weakened glass spiderwebs further
75) 1) dialog: Zack... get Ted! Nate looks back... the entire swarm is now heading for th boat.
75) 3) dialog: Swim for it! Zack holds J.C.’s hand as they jump into the water. Julie eases Ted into the water, calls to Nate. 90.
75) 4) dialog: Hurry! Nate takes a last look behind them. It’s too late. The swarm is almost upon them. They’1ll never make it to the shore. Julie plows through the waist-deep water dragging Ted... turns when she realizes that Nate isn’t behind them.
75) 5) dialog: Nate?! Nate grabs one of the last waterproof flares in his hand.
75) 8) text: KA-THOOM! The half-submerged engine blows in a thunderous ball of fire... the second engine ignites a split second later. Julie turns back to see the boat rise up out of the water it’s blown to pieces... fire, spray and fish bits fill th air.
76) 0) text: A dying victim clutches at Julie. She doesn’t pause, but drags Ted straight up the incline, until they are far fro harm’s way.
78) 0) text: Julie drops to her knees, exhausted, as she finally reach safety. She carefully eases Ted back onto the soft grass. He looks as if he’s close to death. His voice is a barely audible rasp. 92.
78) 2) dialog: What... what can I do? Ted raises his arm, looking beyond Julie. She realizes he pointing to something behind her. We hear an unsettling electronic HUM... growing louder and louder. Julie turns. JULIE’S P.O.V. A large TRAILER is the source of the humming, a heavy-dut gas powered GENERATOR attached to the back of Lil’ John’s equipment truck. It’s the power source for all his lights and amps... parked only a few yards away.
78) 3) text: Julie looks from the gennie, back down the embankment. It directly in line with the swarm, which is in a feeding fr on the remains of dozens of victims.
79) 6) dialog: She throws her weight behind the trailer. Smoke pours out the overheating generator. The tires slowly start to roll down the embankment.