2) 6) dialog: So August 29th, 1997 came and left. The three billion lives which were to end in the war called Judgment Day, lived on to toast the new millennium. (beat) But are we at peace? Or in the eye of a hurricane, with the worst yet to come. Camera turns and faces the deep blue sea... Wild fingers of blue and white electrical arcs dance ten above the swells a mile from shore. The strange lightning forms a circular opening in midair, and with an electrica dispersion we see a FIGURE cradled within the SPHERE OF ENERGY. A sudden FLASH with an explosive THUNDERCLAP! The naked figure drops into the ocean. SPLASH!
9) 7) text: ¢ The Manager reaches out and grabs T-1G’s shoulder. Big mistake. T-1G spins around and grabs the Manager’s neck. suddenly GASPS as he is electrocuted with a lethal dose o amperage! Eyes peeled wide in horror, the Manager hits th floor. Dead. Gu @ PO fS COMPUTER FAX TONES are heard through the cellphone as it accesses the internet. With her back turned to CAMERA, T- replies with computer tones. INSERT. CYBERSPACE POV. Countless web pages stream past until we come across FBI data files. ACCESS GRANTED. Countless pictures of criminals. We find JOHN CONNOR. Criminal data. Personal information. Home address.
11) 0) text: A BBQ party is in progress. Grunge music blasting. Workin the grill wearing a “Kiss The Chef” apron is JOHN CONNOR. far cry from the leader of the human resistance we expect see. He has become a handsome young adult in his early twenties. Lean, well-defined body, short messed-up hair. Eyes which reflect a dark intelligence. “y
11) 1) dialog: Okay, .who wanted the medium-well? .. . :
11) 2) text: John’s friend -- BOYD -- approaches. He’s a plump compute genius in his early 30’s.
11) 4) dialog: Chill out, Boyd. You got a girlfriend.
11) 8) dialog: I'd rather have one of these. vohn gives Anna a passionate kiss. A German Shepherd -- BANDITA -- lets out a jealous whine.
11) 10) dialog: She’s not jealous. (kneels down) Isn’t that right, Bandita? Give daddy a kiss. John lets Bandita lick his face. He feeds the dog a burge JOHN (CONT’ D) Here you go, girl.
11) 12) text: Anna smiles and, begins rallying the crowd. ‘ANNA Everyone, John’s gonna give a speech! Everyone joins in “speech, speech, speech!” John glares a Anna.
11) 13) dialog: I’m going to get you later. Or @ DIK”
11) 16) dialog: Well, what can = say... we startea the company with several slow computers, a few degenerate programmers -~-
11) 18) dialog: A couple of bean counters that exemplify the word “nerd.” (beat) And one felon hacker who should be in Leavenworth being somebody’s bitch, but instead got lucky. Because he hooked up with the right bunch of guys, who helped turn his life around. The crowd sighs sarcastically.
11) 19) dialog: And now...look at us. Celebrating our just approved ten million dollar line of credit. Booking major accounts left and right. And kicking some serious ass. {holds up his beer) Cheers. Everyone toasts. John’s cellphone rings. He moves away fr the crowd for privacy, takes the call.
11) 20) dialog: Hello? John's expression stiffens. JOHN (CONT’ D) . John Connor? Sorry, you have -the wrong number. My name’s John Kaplin. (listens) Yeah, it’s safe to talk. {turns his back to camera) Hi, mom. Good. Listen, I need to talk to you. Today. Alright.
11) 21) text: John hangs up when Anna approaches. © © 19 PO.
11) 23) dialog: Yeah, I’m going to have to run out of here.
11) 27) dialog: Nothing. Everything’s fine, trust me. Okay?
11) 29) dialog: Family emergency.
11) 31) dialog: Anna, I can’t explain now. I have to run and I need you to trust me. Make something up.
11) 32) dialog: I love you.
12) 0) text: John enters a TURBO CESSNA, dons a pair of David Clark headsets. an The Turbo Cessna speeds down the runway and takes off.
12) 1) text: INT. JOHN CONNOR’S HOUSE Terminator strides through with his M4 leveled and ready shoot. Terminator approaches a cork message board and rip off an invitation flyer. BBQ party. Below are directions and date.
16) 0) text: John approaches a chain-linked fence which encircles the perimeter of the compound. He pushes the intercom button, pays notice to several security cameras pointed at him. T MERCENARIES approach from the other side of the gate, AR- " semi-autos slung around their shoulders. Well-trained G Shepherds bark violently. “8
16) 3) dialog: I’m here to see Sarah Connor.
17) 0) text: John enters and is escorted past an indoor shooting range Mercenaries are shredding paper targets with black market machine guns.
18) 1) dialog: Thought you were going to stop smoking. Sarah turns and finds John standing in the doorway. The tension is immediate.
18) 3) dialog: Not much time, been pretty focused on building the company.
18) 5) dialog: Great. I just wrote a new program. Cutting edge stuff. Hacks into any computer system, finds weaknesses, that sort of thing.
18) 9) dialog: Lot of companies need their security checked. We just got a ten million dollar line of credit from Goldman Sachs to take it public. Sarah nods, hardly impressed. JOHN (CONT’ D) You can hold back your enthusiasm.
18) 11) dialog: Look, I’m just trying to get on with my life.
18) 13) dialog: I am awake! But it’s been ten years! i ' Ten years...and nothing has happened!
18) 15) dialog: Look, I’m doing’ more saving the world than you are shooting cans! I’m on top of Cyberdyne. They abandoned the . . project.. And besides them,’ no-one’s even close to creating A.I. -
18) 17) dialog: Life wili just have to continue without me.
18) 22) dialog: Look. The reason why I came here is... (calming breath) +..I’m going to ask Anna to marry me. I want you to be a part of it. Sarah stares off, frustrated. John shakes his head, knowi what her reply is going to be. JOHN (CONT‘ D) Figured as much... John moves to exit, pauses at the door. JOHN (CONT’ D) I got robbed out of a father...and a mother. John exits. Sarah stares after him with mixed emotions.
19) 0) text: Terminator scans the park below where John had the BBQ pa John is nowhere to be found.
20) 0) text: John speaks into his cellphone as he approaches the plane He is unsettled -- Sarah’s words got under his skin.
20) 1) dialog: Boyd, it’s me. Listen, do me a favor. Run by the office and check on Cyberdyne Systems for me, will ya? ot G PO NY
21) 2) dialog: Do it and I’ll slide you five hundred shares.
21) 4) dialog: Seven-fifty. And I want a detailed project sheet faxed to my house ASAP.
22) 6) text: na opens the front door and finds Terminator. He removes nis sunglasses. : TERMINATOR’ I'm looking for John's -plin.
25) 13) dialog: What, you're pissed because = Left the party?
25) 15) dialog: What are you talking about?
25) 17) dialog: Anna, listen to me.
25) 19) dialog: You're not paranoid. ANNA : . Is it true? Is it?! John gives her a forfeiting nod. Anna backs away. “ANNA (CONT'D) I don’t know you.
25) 21) dialog: Anna, I can explain everything.
25) 23) dialog: Anna, please.
25) 29) dialog: Anna, please.
25) 31) dialog: Anna! Shit...
26) 0) text: John enters and finds a few things broken on the floor -- result of Anna’s temper tantrum. The fax machine finishes spitting out a facsimile. John glances at the fax, studies it quickly. He goes to s it aside when something catches his attention. He examine the fax again. Something doesn’t add up. John opens a filing cabinet and rifles through some paper He finds another fax sneet on Cyberdyne Systems. He piace the two pages on top of each other and holds them up to t light. They’re identical. Alarmed, John reaches for the phone. No dial tone -- Anna ripped the cord out of the wa John flips open his cellphone.
27) 6) dialog: They’ re identical.
27) 8) dialog: No, listen to me, Boyd. This is serious. It’s a facade. Cyberdyne’s masking their operation. I just looked at the project sheet. It’s identical to the one they had last quarter except for the dates.
27) 12) dialog: And call me soon as you know anything. I’m on Anna‘s cell. You got that number, right?
28) 3) dialog: 
28) 4) dialog: Anna, if you’d jus give me a chance to explain.
28) 6) dialog: I can’t do this over the phone.
28) 8) dialog: Cafe Soliel in fifteen minutes.
29) 0) text: Sarah and a team of SEVEN MERCENARIES load up two 4X4 wag with ultra-high-end weapon systems and boxes of ammo. Sar has a cellphone to her ear, listening to the other end ri and ring. . . coe SARAH oo : oo te ..: «Come on, John, answer the goddam phone. . ‘ INT. JOHN CONNOR’S HOUSE :
29) 2) text: John home phone has been ripped out of the wall by Anna‘s temper tantrum.
32) 0) text: John finds Anna at a table near a large glass window. He goins her. The mood is more than uncomfortable...
32) 1) dialog: Hi.
32) 4) dialog: (to Anna) Coffee? Anna nods. . ‘a JOHN (CONT'D) Two black coffees. Thanks. John gives Anna a look, takes a deep breath. This isn’t going to be easy. JOHN (CONT'D) . My mother’s name is Sarah Connor. She‘’s a fugitive. Wanted by the FBI,:CIA, NSA, you name it. I have to.say she’s dead to ‘protect her. And me. 7.0,
32) 8) dialog: According to authorities? Enough to serve a half-dozen life sentences. ‘ Anna stares off, sickened.
32) 11) dialog: She’s innocent, Anna. It’s ail a smokescreen. <= can’t fuily get into detail but what I can tell you is --
32) 13) dialog: (answering the call) Yeah.
33) 3) dialog: Anything A.1I.? . Boyd types into the terminal, ‘punching up data. ‘ BOYD - woe ‘From what I can see there's only one. ao . But it’s under’ serious lock.and key. I can’t get anything on it.
33) 5) dialog: What about the name? The designer? What's the project called?
33) 10) dialog: I don’t know, should you? Boyd’s voice comes over the cellphone.
34) 1) text: John and Anna race across the mall, weaving in and out of crowd. John stumbles upon a Security Officer. He snakes t rent-a-cop’s GLOCK .40 rom the man’s holster. Gt G PS PS Terminator marches past frantic shoppers who lie on the ground, trembling. He levels both .45s and explodes round in John's direction. Shoppers scream as they hit the deck
35) 0) text: sohn and Anna race across the street and come upon a motorcycle dealership. In front, countless motorcycles ar parked side-by-side, back tire to the curb. John shoves t Slock in the face of a motorcyclist’s face who is backing bike to the curb.
35) 1) dialog: Get off the bike!
35) 3) dialog: Now! The Motorcyclist backs off. Anna jumps onto the bike. Not just any bike. A red Suzuki GSX1300R “HAYABUSA.” ~The fastest sport bike in production. Anna sits in the forwar driver’s position, revving the engine.
35) 4) dialog: Move over!
35) 6) dialog: Move over! Several shots whistle over John’s head. Terminator charge across the street, blasting rounds of ammo. No time to argue. John hops on the back, Anna steps into first and pumps the throttle. The Hayabusa is. at 50 ™mph one-thousand-one, one- thousand-two. :. “SCRRRREEEECH! A TRUCK slams on ‘the brakes when Terminat races across the middle of the street. The truck SMASHES into Terminator. . . Terminator bounces off the grill and skids across the pavement. Unscathed and quickly on his feet, Terminator marches tow the row of sport bikes and hops on a black NINJA ZX-12R. only street-legal bike which can keep pace with a Hayabus Terminator hot-wires the bike, revs the bike, steps on th shifter and gives full throttle! The bike is a blur as it wheelies down the street!
35) 10) dialog: Watch out! Anna goes through the light, narrowly missing a SEMI. She weaves into the center iane where the traffic is less den Terminator comes upon the red light and finds the Semi blocking his path. Terminator lays the bike down on its s with its wheels still pointed forward and rests his body the engine which skids across the pavement. Sparks shower Terminator surfs the motorcycle beneath the Semi at fifty miles an hour. Once clear of the semi, Terminator picks the bike back on its wheels and climbs on without missing a beat. Anna races the superbike into a hard turn. Unable to make the angle, she drives the bike up onto the sidewalk. JOHN (CONT’ D) When d'ya learn to ride like this!?
35) 15) text: TERMINATOR POV. A GPS MAP DISPLAY indicates traffic. ° Optimal routes. Danger areas. It’s like a video arcade ga in fast motion -- except Terminator’s highly sophisticate CPU leaves no room for error. Anna speeds down a street directly parallel to the 10 freeway. To ner right is a 15 foot berm which ramps up to the freeway. oi © DO PO Anna turns the sportbike into the ramp at an easy angle, creating an Evil Knevil class jump! John white-knucles it as Anna jumps the sport bike up the berm and jumps off...
38) 0) text: Terminator’s Ninja lands down onto the street. .45 leveie Terminator pumps off several shots at John. Anna screams on the throttle, escaping the deadly fire.
38) 1) dialog: The Metrolink! Anna sees what John is indicating. She drives onto the sidewalk and down the stairs of the Metrolink -- L.A.’s n subway system.
40) 0) text: Anna jumps down onto the subway tracks and pours on full throttle. The Hayabusa is at 90 mph in seconds, rocketing down one pair of tracks. An oncoming train traveling down the sister tracks streaks past, a mere arm’s reach away. wrong twitch, instant death. The effect of speed is dizzying. : TERMINATOR POV. Nightvision gives a better view of the da subway tunnel. Terminator’s own digital Speedometer climbs...90 mph...100 mph... John spins around and blows several shots at Terminator’s Ninja with his Glock .40. Bullets spark off Terminator’s bike as he pursues. Anna cuts a fast turn down a...
41) 3) dialog: Watch out! vp ahead, an unmanned tractor blocks their path! Anna drives the Hayabusa up onto the rounded banked walls the tunnel and successfully escapes the collision. Terminator emulates. The two superbikes scream past like iuge sleds racing down an Olympic chute. Anna rolls on full throttle while John explodes his remai rounds at Terminator’s Ninja. Bullets sparking off his bi Terminator remains glued to them like a tail on a comet. Up ahead, a large stack of steel beams. Anna races high u onto the right wall. Terminator speeds high along the lef wall. With the obstacles between them, Anna and John are safe. Until... Get ready for this... Terminator climbs higher up onto the wall and travels acr the ceiling -- upside-down! John aims the Glock above and pumps off the remaining sho at Terminator. BLAM! BLAM! BLAM! The gun empty, John discards the pistol. Terminator descends the other side of the sloped tunnel w and down toward Anna. The tunnel forks ahead! Anna fakes left, then suddenly cranks the bike right, CRASHING through several wooden pl which read -- END OF CONSTRUCTION. Anna hits the brakes hard. -Both tires lock. But the superbike can’t stop fast enough. CRASH! Right into the dead end wall of rock. John picks himself up off the dirt, scraped up and bruise but not badly injured. Anna, alert and unscathed, checks John‘ s condition.
41) 9) text: 7-16 disappears again. Terminator once again searches for his enemy. JOHN'S POV. He sees T-1G standing directly between him an Terminator. Terminator sees John, but not T-1G. TERMINATOR POV. His vision changes to INFRARED. No avail. His vision changes to SONAR. T-1G is seen! _ SONAR POV. The outlined figure of T-1G racing toward Terminator! WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! John watches T-1G go ballistic, kicking the shit out of Terminator. The cyborg doesn’t stand a chance against the superior machine. T-1G picks up Terminator and throws him hard into a steel support beam. The support beam collapses. A tsunami of di and rock impact Terminator as the roof caves in. Complete burying him. The roof continues caving in, threatening John’s life. T-1G grabs John and carries him away from the danger zone Finally, the avalanche stops. T-1G turns and examines the ccave-in. Terminator is buried in forty feet of dirt’ and rock. . - John, shaken up and adrenaline pumped, turns to T-16.
41) 10) dialog: Where’s Anna?!
41) 13) text: nn pulls away, emotionally upset. John sinks to the round, emotionaliy destroyed.
41) 14) dialog: Jesus... Anna....no, NOOQCO! ‘ohn sinks down, tears streaking down his face.
42) 0) text: 7-1G and John take a seat near the back. John suffering f the loss of Anna, stares blankly at the floor with tear- stained eyes. Several GANGBANGERS leer lustfully at T-1G.
42) 1) dialog: I don’t understand. Why'd he kill her?
42) 5) dialog: So lemme guess, I sent you from the future to protect me.
42) 11) dialog: Like you?
42) 13) dialog: And what type is that? _ T-16 oo, - Cyberdyne System’s most elite model, T-1G. : .
42) 14) dialog: So what are you, liquid metal?
42) 22) dialog: So you can basically make yourself into anything you want.
42) 24) dialog: Human?
42) 26) dialog: I can’t tell the difference.
42) 28) dialog: (deep breath) I’m just not used to being second on the evolutionary scale. .
45) 1) dialog: I thought the idea was to keep me alive.
45) 6) dialog: Forty-three minutes? It’s going to take that long to get there! T-1G races past traffic, weaving in and out of cars. She cranks the steering wheel and speeds down an exit. JOHN (CONT’ D) Wrong exit! Where’re you going?
45) 8) dialog: Why?
45) 10) dialog: Icebreaker.
45) 12) dialog: The name of the program.
45) 14) dialog: Crash Skynet? T-1G cranks the wheel, skidding past cars. © © PO PS 38.
45) 17) dialog: How long’s this period of time?
45) 21) text: ‘EXT. {OFFICE BUILDING - NIGHT This modest two story structure is located near LAX airpo Large jumbo jets occasionally ROAR overhead. The Sedan sk to a stop. John and T-1G hustle out of the car.
46) 2) dialog: Takes a minute for the system to power up. T-1G lifts her nead as the obnoxious ROAR of a 747 passes cverhead, rattling the windows. JOHN (CONT’ D) May not be the quietest building in the world, but the rent’s cheap. 7-1G gives John a warm smile.
46) 3) dialog: Let me ask you something. How d‘you disappear like that? By changing yourself molecularly into air? How?
46) 5) dialog: So what do you do? T-1G disappears before John. John reacts curiously.
46) 7) dialog: Whoa... John watches T-1G returns to her default ‘mode: The :comp ‘beeps as the system goes online.
46) 9) dialog: (snaps out of awe) Yeah. Right. John wipes the cold sweat from his brow, takes a deep bre
46) 11) dialog: I got a nine second window to save three billion lives, it’s a little hard to. 40. ON THE MONITOR. John's company logo appears. 2ATASAFE. vyonhn's fingers dance across the keyooard as he logs ont Cyberdyne Systems. JOHN (CONT‘D) How’ re we doing on time? T-iG Coming up on our window in a minute and a half.
46) 12) dialog: (shaking his head) Let’s just hope they haven’t changed the code. Cyberdyne’s dazzling logo appears. Then a WARNING FLASHES
46) 16) dialog: Shit! The code's twenty-digits. Alpha- numeric. It takes Icebreaker five minutes to decipher it. We’re screwed. T-1G leans over John and types into the keyboard, fingers blazing.
46) 18) dialog: Run full crash. © & BPS I John hits the ENTER key. He stares at the computer screen anxious, nervous. JOHN (CONT’D) All we can do now is hope and wait.
46) 21) text: is neck hn stretches his back, takes an anxious oreath. ces her hands on John’s snoulders ana cives him od T-i¢ How's that feei?
46) 22) dialog: (slightly uncomficrcable) Not bad. ‘ vohn focuses on the monitor, surprised by wnat he sees. JOHN (CONT’D) That was fast.
46) 24) dialog: It got right past the inner firewall and into the core. You’re right, the system is weak. Dazzling computer graphics visually show Cyberdyne’s cent nervous systems. The core. JOHN (CONT’D) Data is being corrupted. It’s working. John, electric, types into his keyboard, but his computer locked. JOHN (CONT’D) I’m frozen. Shit. John fights to remedy the situation. --
46) 25) dialog: Something’s wrong. This shouldn’t be happening.
46) 27) dialog: I’m losing bytes. <=t’s downioading my entire network! I have to abort. John’s jaw falls agape as his body convulses with a deadl dose of amperage.
46) 31) text: T-iG is blown back, her hands sparking with electrical current. Zonn falls to the ground, still choking from the electric dose. Sarah Connor marches toward T-1G with her two HK G-36s. S revels them at T-1G and fires a constant stream of ammo. Sarah's Mercenaries back her up. Exploding a barrage of gunfire ac T-1G. ?-1G’s body contorts hideously as she stumbles back from constant onslaught. Each bullet creating long spinule exi holes. Sarah empties both ammo belts, during the brief pause, sh quickly turns to John.
46) 35) dialog: You can’t win, come on! Sarah EXPLODES shots randomly.
46) 42) text: SHACK! Sarah is kicked in the chest. She flies back hard nto the elevator doors, dislocating her shoulder. John rushes to her side.
46) 44) text: 7-iG makes herself appear as she marches toward John and Sa arah. SING! The elevator doors open. T-1G looks up at... Terminator! He holds a .40mm HK69 grenade launcher.
46) 47) text: Terminator looks down at John, offers a hand.
50) 0) text: Terminator, John and Sarah exit through the side of the building when they see the massive jumbo jet hurtling straight for them.
51) 0) text: Terminator, John, and Sarah, wade as fast as they can thr the two feet deep sewer water. Chunks of concrete raining down onto their heads. ‘ike St. Elmo’s Fire, a ball of FLAMES rushes toward them.
52) 0) text: Traffic is backed up. Crowds of PEDESTRIANS stand outside their cars. Some cry from the horrific tragedy; others st catatonic, staring at the 747 crash site. HIGH-PRESSURE WATER shoots out of a fire hydrant and dows the flames, clearing a path for Terminator, John and Sara they emerge from the manhole. Terminator’s eyes target a custom MOTOR HOME.
55) 0) text: vohn peers out the back window, searching for the T-1G. T coast appears to be clear. John turns back to Terminator.
55) 1) dialog: You kicked ass back there.
55) 5) dialog: How many models like you have been sent back?
55) 7) text: John takes a closer look at Terminator. He can see the cyborg’s human flesh slowly repairing itself, returning cloned tissue and endoskeleton to new.
55) 8) dialog: ‘fou're healing. Gil GD PO WO
55) 10) dialog: You were trying to kill me.
55) 14) dialog: By who?
55) 16) dialog: What?
55) 19) dialog: Stop me? From doing what?
55) 21) dialog: Whadaya mean, mortality?
55) 23) dialog: You're telling me, when I tried‘to crash Skynet, I brought the damn thing to life?!
55) 28) dialog: How was I supposed to know that --
55) 30) dialog: We can still stop it!
58) 0) text: John sits in anguish. Terminator stands in the center of cabin, ready for attack, weapons tight in his grip. Sarah studies John’s pain; something she’s familiar with.
58) 3) dialog: Why Anna?
58) 6) dialog: -~ it completes its mission, yeah I know the drill.
58) 12) dialog: How do we kill it? Can we kill it?
64) 0) text: John walks up and sits in the passenger seat, turns to th Driver who is obviously petrified.
64) 1) dialog: Howya doing? (no reply) Look, we have no intention of hurting you. The Driver is incredulous.
64) 3) text: Gi G PO HO JOHN ‘CONT'D) ‘ Get back to your family. Spend as much - time with them as you possibly can, okay? Go ahead. Tne Driver, at first somewhat reluctant, opens the door a exits quickly and quietly.
64) 6) dialog: I’m not doing this. I'm not running off so I can hide in a mountain somewhere.
64) 11) text: There’s has to be someway to stop this. John storms out of the Motor Home.
65) 0) text: Gi @ PO PO John walks past the stores, suffering with guilt.
65) 1) dialog: Think, John, think... . Through the storefront window, John spies on a Father a (! being playful.
65) 6) dialog: Because I make mistakes. Too many mistakes. I let myself get set up. (beat) People are supposed to believe in me? Trust me? Why should they?
65) 8) dialog: I’m responsible for the greatest cataclysmic event man will ever know! And I’m supposed to live in a mountain while cities burn to a crisp? No way. (beat) ¢ I sent you back through time to stop me, eo another mistake... You should blow me \ away. John walks off. Terminator grabs John and hurls him into some trash cans. CRASH! JOHN (CONT’ D) What the hell!
65) 11) text: JOHN . (CONT? D) ~ an What are you doing?! Stop! It’s me, Connor! 7 (terminator cocks the pistol) Leader of the resistance! Terminator pauses, uncocks the pistol and withdraws it fr schn’s head.
65) 17) text: Give me » hand, rminator pulls John half way up...lets go. John crashes ck down. oH
65) 18) dialog: Thanks! ;
65) 20) text: (walking off) No Problemo. hn gets to his feet and catches up with Terminator who rides toward the: motor home. iL JOHN “No probilemo??” Sounds familiar, I teach o to say that in the future? i ag | ‘TERMINATOR Among ee things.
65) 21) dialog: Like =
65) 23) dialog: Great... just what T need. A Terminator with attitude. (shrugs) Well at ‘least you have some personality. | ‘TERMINATOR ' One of us has to.
66) 0) text: Sarah opens the door as John enters, disheveled, blood un Ais nose. Terminator trails.
66) 3) dialog: You said Skynet downloaded itself into a protected environment...where?
66) 6) dialog: It’s the new Area 51. Place is a goddam fortress. With his free hand, John picks up a cellphone and dials.
66) 7) dialog: (into phone) District of-Columbia...the ‘Central Intelligence Agency please..: °°" SARAH John!?.
66) 9) dialog: We can’ t do this alone.
66) 13) dialog: ee What, I programmed you not to Listen to ‘8 me too?
66) 16) dialog: My gut tells me we can! if I can’t trust my gut, how the hell am I supposed to make a decision in the future? Terminator lifts his head as he hears something.
66) 19) text: JOHN fee Unless you want a bloodbath, there’s only one way out of this.. Sarah pauses, struggling with what will be the biggest decision of her life.
66) 21) dialog: They’ 11 have to. {to Terminator) You know how to surrender?
66) 27) dialog: It is now. vut your hands above your head. Terminator reluctantly does as he’s told.
66) 29) dialog: Surrendering is not you.
67) 0) text: The Copilot aims a NIGHTSUN spotlight down at the Motor H illuminating John, Sarah and Terminator as they exit the vehicle.
68) 1) text: Upon landing, armed SWAT, POLICE and“ FBI ,exit with weap leveled. They stealthily storm the ‘Motor Home with train precision. : John, Sarah and Terminator stand beside the Motor Home, h in the air, winds blasting their faces. TERMINATOR POV. A digitized scan of the approaching SWAT soldiers. Each of their weapons is identified; their line of fire calculated. Terminator shoves John back behind his body to protect hi
68) 8) dialog: Shit! Lose the gun. - SWAT POV. The task force reacts as Terminator reaches int his belt to discard his .45.
74) 5) dialog: We're not killing anybody. Just stick with the plan.
74) 8) dialog: Tt programmed him that way. To keep me on my toes.
74) 12) dialog: (privately to Terminator) Stay cool, alright? They’ re gonna want to examine you. Show ‘em what they want to see.
75) 0) text: John is in a similar situation except the agent questioni him is TIM LAWSON. Dark eyes, dark suit.
75) 5) dialog: I told you what he is! Listen to me! While we sit here wasting our time, an ICBM is minutes from being launched!
75) 7) dialog: It’s gonna come from one of our own subs. We can stop it but --
88) 2) dialog: Not where. when. ' iAWSON We're crossing over into relativity now, time travel?
88) 3) dialog: Listen to me. Our own defense computers are being re-programmed and turned against us. There will be an apocalyptic war early this morning unless -- John looks up at a clock on the wall. JOHN (CONT’ D) We’re too iate...
100) 0) text: John sits alone, waiting... Suddenly, the door opens and Lawson enters. His blood-rinsed expression tells us he is aware of the catastrophic event. JOHN . (devastated) We have two hours before the rest of our nuclear arsenal goes airborne. I suggest we do something about it this time.
101) 21) text: turn to John as he enters.
101) 23) dialog: Yes, sir.
101) 29) dialog: _ General, we need to mount a full scale . attack’ now.
103) 4) dialog: Can I talk to you for a sec’?
104) 0) text: John cranks on the sink water and splashes his anguished face. Terminator stands at his side. and examines John in mirror. Looe so ue
104) 1) dialog: I fucked up... I should’ve spent the last : ten years gearing up for this. Training, working out, learning battle tactics. Now here I am, way over my head. John examines his dripping wet reflection in the mirror.
104) 2) dialog: What am I like...in the future?
104) 4) dialog: You can lose the sarcasm.
104) 8) dialog: I find that hard to believe. John struggles with the towel sponses but it’s jammed.
104) 10) dialog: (struggling with towel dispenser) I have an image in my head of this legendary John Connor. This super hero that doesn’t know fear, or pain. Who's unstoppable. (examines his reflection) - I look in the mirror, an= I don’t see that guy.
106) 0) text: Terminator, Sarah and John approach the elevator with Gen Meeks and Brad Silberman in tow. The armed soldiers flank them. Terminator halts, hearing something inaudible to human ea
106) 3) text: Quiet. Terminator looks up at the illuminated elevator display. elevator is ascending toward them -- not good. TERMINATOR (CONT’D) (to John) Get to the roof. John complies without wasting a beat. Sarah, Silberman, G Meeks and half the other soldiers trailing. © G PS
107) 0) text: john, Sarah, Gen. Meeks and Brad Silberman hustle up the stairs with a team of armed soldiers. Silberman suddenly twists his ankle, stumbles to the floor.
108) 0) text: Rain showers the empty helipads. John, Sarah, Gen. Meeks the rest of the soldiers rush onto the roof.
110) 1) dialog: (to Sarah) He’s not limping.
111) 0) text: Sarah glances over the edge and looks down at John, hangi on for his life.
111) 2) dialog: Sarah turns and sees T-1G running straight toward her! Sh unloads gunfire as T-1G jumps straight over her... -.-and lands upon the underside of the upside-down Dauphi
111) 6) text: ZELOW DAUPHIN. John stops, feet dangling ROARING blades of the Blackhawk. 2st above the
113) 0) text: T-1G looks below and finds John Connor hanging above the spinning blades of the Blackhawk chopper parked on the street. She jumps down onto the cable... Upside down, with her limbs straddling cable, T-1G slides down toward John like a speeding bullet. Sparks showering behind her from the extreme friction. John’s greasy grip weakens. He struggles to keep his dangling feet from getting sucked into the Blackhawk’s ma rotor blades. Looking up, he sees T-1G descending down up him! Terminator struggles back to his feet. He shoves against front of the Chopper and slides the machine out from underneath John. .
114) 0) text: With the chopper out of the way, John jumps down to the street. Terminator grabs John and pulls him out of the way...and & moment too soon. T-1G hits the street and digs in. T-1G picks herself up. The sound of THUNDER ABOVE. She lifts her face and finds the mangled Dauphin helicopter descending upon her head...too late! CRRRRAAASSSHH! EXPLOSION! An ENORMOUS FIREBALL swirls into the rainy nig
114) 2) text: Gi G PO PO ‘a 81. Terminator turns to John who's gulping down oxygen.
114) 4) dialog: I know. Jt Terminator grabs John and yanks +im into a running pace. znside the wreckage, static energy forms into the shape o woman. T-1G re-appears in her default mode, emerging from the aftermath, unscathed. She finds Terminator and John running down the street, pursues them.
115) 0) text: Terminator and John race across the street. John, exhausted, gulping down air, looks behind him and sees T- rapidly gaining ground!
115) 1) dialog: She’s gaining! Terminator looks up and stops running. As if resigned.! John realizes Terminator is staring upward at something. John lifts his face into the rainy night, awed by what he sees... LANDING LIGHTS shine down onto the street as an AERIAL HU KILLER lowers into frame, rain beating down upon its shin polished steel hull. The futuristic aircraft descends dow upon John and Terminator...TOTALLY SILENT. A distorting rippling wave effect generates from its anti-gravitic thrusters which belch BLUE FIRE. The aircraft’s missile weapon system targets... SHHHHHH! A missile is fired! Chunks of concrete bursts in the air as T-1G is blasted. Another missile takes a massi bite out of the blacktop, disintegrating T-1G. The Aerial Hunter Killer lowers silently before Terminato and John, its cabin hatch hydraulically opening. John notices USAF painted on the hull. An American Soldier, inside the aircraft, motions for Joh and Terminator to enter. Terminator and John see T-1G returning to her default mod They waste no more time and enter the aircraft. Or what w will come to know as the XB-91 “SWIFT”. © GS AS NS bon 82. T-1G races toward the aircraft as it rockets upwards into rainy night. Defeated, she watches the SWIFT leave.
117) 2) dialog: We have to go back.
117) 4) dialog: My mother’s back there, she’s important to this mission.
117) 6) dialog: No.
119) 0) text: John watches the Pilots work the controls. All of which a computerized and voice-activated. The Pilot presses a tal button and speaks to the FLIGHT COMPUTER.
119) 3) dialog: Where’s the yoke? Pilot #1 glances at John, indicates a toggle stick beneat his thumb, The main flight controls of the aircraft.
119) 5) dialog: Must be hard not to over-correct.
119) 7) dialog: Single engine Cessnas.
119) 14) dialog: ..goddam Terminator in the sky. (beat) How many of these “Aerial Hunter Killers” does Skynet manufacture?
119) 16) dialog: Take a wild guess.
119) 18) dialog: Hundred?
119) 21) dialog: Yeah, you see mankind as a threat?
119) 23) dialog: No, not me, I mean -- how do I do this... Okay, let’s say I got killed. Your mission was over. The war continued: man against machine. Whose side would you choose?
119) 25) dialog: Co Don't you know how to choose? (no reply) (MORE)
119) 28) text: Terminator is puzzled. John focuses on a RED fire extinguisher, unlocks it from its cradle. He then grabs a BLUE medic kit.
119) 31) dialog: Forget all that. What color you do you find more pleasing to the eye. You know, more beautiful? TERMINATOR POP. Digitized data scrolls, analyzing the fir extinguisher, the medic kit, their colors and shading.
119) 33) dialog: I was afraid of that. —_ Terminator studies John, trying to grasp the purpose f line of questioning.
119) 35) dialog: Blue.
119) 37) dialog: Reminds me of the ocean. And there’s something about the ocean that’s... peaceful. Anna and I used to go there a lot. (morose) She loved to surf... Gi @ PS 1 Terminator gives John a look, curiously examines the blue medic box.
120) 2) dialog: Noise Cancellation?
120) 5) text: It’s not enough to fly stealth anymore. We need to be invisible and silent. John taps on his watch, baffled.
120) 6) dialog: My watch stopped.
120) 9) text: Whiie shaking hands, John focuses on the wounded.
120) 10) dialog: What happened to. ‘em?
121) 0) text: John and Terminator. sit before a large mobile plasma scr which shows the interior of the Green River Launch Comple
121) 2) dialog: What about severing uplink capability? We cut off Skynet’s arms and legs, it’s just a brain in a box.
121) 4) dialog: So we sever ‘em at the core? Gu G9 PO PO ,y 38.
121) 6) dialog: So shut down the satellites.
121) 9) dialog: The doors to the Cyber Cellar, any way to breach the lock?
121) 11) dialog: You designed the thing, didn’t you build in a trap door?!
121) 13) dialog: Alright, is there anyway to disengage the lock without tripping the explosion?”
121) 16) dialog: Let’s do it.
121) 20) dialog: So this is what’s doing all the killing.
121) 27) dialog: Ho - ly shit... - - John removes a metallic arm from the case, feels the ultr dense weight.
121) 28) dialog: How many of these things are in there?
121) 30) dialog: Well there’s one thing that is going to be a problem. And it’s a “she.”
123) 0) text: SQ elite soldiers exit a C-130 which is parked on the dry lake bed. The soldiers are armed with the latest in tacti weapon systems. John looks up, focuses on a SWIFT which travels silently overheard. The aircraft maneuvers into a bank turn. TERMINATOR POV. Nightvision shows a parachute over the entrance of the complex. Terminator zooms in and sees...
123) 2) dialog: What? Where she?
126) 0) text: While Terminator races John to safety, soldiers are cut d ‘and burned alive -- their retaliation futile. Ribberdy is strafed by the SWIFT. The force of the blast knocks John and Col. Bell to the ground. Terminator cover John with his body as the area around them is peppered. The SWIFT’s underbelly parts as cargo bay doors expose MISSILES which lock onto their target: John Connor! Terminator rolls off John, picks up a couple of .50 Calib assault rifles, ZOOMS in on one of the missiles, cradled beneath the SWIFT, squeezes both triggers! The missile BLOWS UP! KA-BOOOOCQOOOM! An enormous EXPLOSI One of the SWIFT’s anti-gravitic THRUSTERS erupts! The aircraft flies radically out of control. Ascending... © @ PY bO
127) 0) text: Terminator turns to John while loading new clips into eac -£9 caliber assauit rifle.
127) 3) dialog: Hang in there, we can’t do this without you. John presses his ripped shirt into Ribberdy’s wounded leg
127) 4) dialog: Keep pressure on it. Okay? John picks up Ribberdy and throws him over his shoulder w an empty parachute curls across the ground, sailing in th wind.
127) 5) dialog: Where’s Sarah?
128) 0) text: Ot G PS HO Terminator scouts through the dark tunnel entrance, the t .50 caliber guns in each hand. Trailing is John (carrying Ribberdy) Col. Bell. and the four soldiers.
128) 3) dialog: Hurry! Terminator quickly wedges his bedy inside the blast door shoves hard against it. The soldiers hurry and pile through single-file. Back to the wall, Terminator strains against the impossib weight of the blast door. Edging his back along the titan frame, he fights to make it inside before the door crushe him. But even with his cyborg strength, it’s a losing battle. Setting down Ribberdy, John grabs an MP-S and wedges it inside the door, but the machine gun bends from the extre pressure. It’s no use, Terminator ioses the battle. The blast door begins to crush him. JOHN (CONT‘ D) NOoooo00! Terminator’s body slightly compresses. Blue tendrils of lighting dance across the cyborg’s skin as he is rendered lifeless. The blast door stops, unable to compact Termina any more than it has. John is devastated. The soldiers, haunted. SOLDIER #1 - . What the fuck, man? That thing. wasn’t human!
128) 4) dialog: (to Col. Bell) It may not be dead. It can self- regenerate. Gotta be someway to pry this door open.
128) 9) dialog: T-ls... Which way’s the Cyber Cellar?
128) 13) dialog: Bad idea.
128) 15) dialog: Skynet knows we’re low on ammo. There’re surveillance cameras everywhere. Now we got two T-1ls coming at us from this direction. In the opposite direction’s the tactical supply. This isn’t brain surgery...we’re being led away from the Cyber Cellar, into a trap. Soldier #1 glances down at his motion detector. The T-1s SOLDIER #1 . Sir. We need to make a decision here!
128) 17) dialog: This man...is our only chance in getting to Skynet!
128) 20) text: “yo a 95; COL. BELL (CONT’)) (to soldiers) Alright, ladies! Let’s move! (to John) We'll be coming back through here in ten minutes. The soldiers comply with their superior officer’s command Col. Bell leads the troops down the iarge corridor. gopn glances at the lifeless Terminator, crushed in the b oors.
128) 22) dialog: Stay alive. Until we can figure out something else.
130) 0) text: Gunfire is constant. John was right, it’s a full ambush. Ten T-ls are battling Col. Bell and the four soldiers who desperately trying to retreat with their lives.
131) 0) text: Founding the corner, John comes upon a T-i with irs back surned! John quickly spins around, feet iosing traction o polished concrete floor. The T-i about-faces and levels iis chain gun. 1
131) 4) dialog: Hi, mom. Suddenly, the T-1 flops toward John on its back and grabs ieg. John kicks the robot’s head, struggling to escape it clutches. © @ PD HO 97. Saran shoves her boot against the T-i’s neck, pins it to ground and spears her 3K69 into the robot’s face.
131) 7) dialog: Our only chance at getting to Skynet. You come from north’ hall? SARAH . Yeah. JOHN . T-1s?
132) 4) dialog: Col. Bell said he’d be coming back this way.
132) 6) dialog: They wouldn’t listen to me.
132) 8) dialog: Go ahead, say it. I should’ve listened to you. John leans his back against the wall and slides down unti he’s sitting on his butt.
132) 9) dialog: But I didn’t. I only cared about me. My life. Not everybody else’s. Now we all lose. Sarah removes her ammo pack and takes a seat beside John, back to the wall in the same fashion.
132) 12) dialog: They are okay. You gave me everything I need. I now know that. Sarah's eyes moisten. ANGLE ON TERMINATOR. Lifeless, crushed in the blast door. Perhaps a part of him hears this?
132) 13) dialog: I love you, mom.
132) 16) dialog: {yells out) Colonei! Sarah rigidly levels her chain gun, untrusting. Col. Bell and two Soldiers cautiously round the corner, approach John and Sarah. All three are badly wartorn, one them nursing a gun wound. Sarah lowers her weapon. ©) © PD NW
132) 23) dialog: I thought you said only six were operational?
132) 31) dialog: Cover me! John makes a run across the corridor. Sarah, Col. Bell an the soldiers send a barrage of gunfire into the T-1s to c John. ~ A bullet grazes John’s shoulder as he crosses. Nursing th wound, he wedges his body inside the narrow 10 inch openi of the blast door for cover. Turns to Terminator. JOHN (CONT’ D) I know you can hear me, goddamit! You are my protector! That is your mission! And you are FAILING YOUR MISSION! Terminator remains lifeless. The situation worsens. The T-ls are progressing. Our guys are almost out of ammo.
132) 32) dialog: I - AM - GOING - TO - DIE! Do you hear me!? You are a Terminator! IT’S TIME TO TERMINATE! .. TERMINATOR POV. A single point of light.- A graphic displ alternate power. Another shows level of power. The meter climbs deep into the red. DANGER! SYSTEM OVERLOAD! Terminator’s eyes sizzle with bright red. Terminator’s arms shove against the 20 foot thick titaniu blast door. John is awed. Terminator grits his teeth while shoving on the blast doo with incredibie strength. The blast door moves a fraction an inch... Sarah runs out of ammo, likewise Col. Bell. The T-1s are only yards away from having a direct line of fire. The blast door continues moving...a few more inches...a foot...two feet. Terminator removes his hands which have made two deep imprints in the titanium. Gi GD DO HS 102. Terminator grabs John and pulls him back to keep him safe Sarah’s eyes widen as Terminator’s somewhat contorted bod steps out into the corridor where rounds of ammo immediat ricochet off his armor. Col. Bell and the soldiers are happily amazed. Terminator approaches the T-ls, cutting them off just in time, diverting the gunfire. Terminator grabs a T-1’s arm and yanks it clean off the robot’s body, shoves his hand into the robot’s face and crushes the T-1’s cranium against the wall. Terminator kicks another T-1’s (weapon} arm, sending the robot crashing against the wall. Terminator grabs the robot’s head, breaks it off. He forces the robot to fire upon itself. EXPLOSION! The robot erupts. Terminator grabs another T-1 and shoves it into a wall, crushing its neck. Terminator back hands another robot’s head repeatedly, severing its head from its torso. Terminator tosses anoth T-1 into the opposite wall...CRASH! Terminator picks up t T-1 and again hurls the machine into the opposite wall. Terminator yanks off the T-1’s (weapon) arm, turns it and fires a constant stream of ammo. KA-BLOOM! The T-1 explodes. KA-BLOOM! Another explodes. Terminator turns to John and the rest of the bunch with a smirk and a severed T-1 arm in his grip.
134) 0) text: Terminator rips open the door. John and the rest of the g cile in and face the many security monitors. John sits before the computers, punching up different locations on the monitors. One of the screens shows the interior of a fully automate ROBOTIC FACTORY where T-ls are constructed. It’s in full operation. A new T-1 steps off the production line and is equipped with ammo-pack and chain gun.
134) 2) dialog: Where’s the Cyber Cellar?
134) 5) dialog: Shit. She’s inside.
134) 15) dialog: There are no holes.
134) 17) dialog: What the hell’s that supposed to mean!? As Terminator exits the survielance room...
135) 0) text: John follows Terminator.
135) 1) dialog: Look, there’s no way in that place! It’s goddam impenetrable! It was designed that way! There’s no way past it! Terminator turns square to John.
135) 5) text: Terminator spears John with a look, walks off. John lower nis head, feeling Terminator’s words. Sarah and the rest the soldiers exit into the north hall and approach John. SARAH”. What’s up with his shit?
135) 6) dialog: Rust...
135) 8) dialog: Ruse... Root Underground Cable Network.
135) 10) dialog: The communication cables beneath the Cyber Cellar. How exactly were they installed?
135) 12) dialog: I'm hip to what you’re doing, and it’s working.
136) 0) text: Terminator pulls a dusty canvas tarp off a single-manned boring machine, otherwise known as a “DIGGER.” John, Sarah and the rest of the soldiers huddle around th digger, examining it closely. Torpedo-sized, covered with rows of tiny blades. Connected to the aft section is a io spool of fiber optic cabling. Gaff reaches out and touche one of the many tiny blades, cuts his finger, sucks the wound.
136) 5) dialog: Just gotta find a cable and follow it in. London laughs.
136) 8) dialog: No, I gotta do this. You stay here and cover my back. Sarah understands.
136) 9) dialog: {to Terminator) You get over to that T-1 factory and blow the place to shit, can you do that?
137) 0) text: Sparks illuminate the newborn tunnel as the digger bores through. Like a SCUBA diver being pulled through the wate by a JET-SUB, John digs through. The HK69 grenade launche slung around his shoulder, John hangs onto the aft~-cable spool mount with both hands, his stomach skidding across ground.
140) 0) text: John emerges inside Skynet’s lair. Adrenaline pumped, he marches past the two rows of computer towers, scraping th barrel of the HK69 across their monitor display screens.
140) 4) dialog: Fuck you. You‘re gonna iaunch anyway. (cocks the HK69) A titanium wall suddenly descends, revealing a three-foot thick glass wall which views into the control booth. On t other side, T-1G holds Sarah by the back of the scalp, pressing her badly pummeled face into the glass, smearing blood. Sarah yells to John but the thick sound-proof glas mutes her screams.
141) 3) dialog: John steps toward the thick glass and presses his hand against it. Sarah meets his hand with hers.
141) 5) dialog: ‘muted) I love you. Sohn turns away from his mother and levels the HK69 at Skynet. JOHN (CONT’ D) Download this. Gt @ PO 9 » 209. sonn BLASTS grenades :nto che fifty computer towers. PLOSION upon EXPLOSION as chunks of motherooards and chip surst into the air.
142) 0) text: While John continues blasting the shit out of the fifty computer towers, T-1G punches the thick glass window with battering-ram force. Her body a blur from the speed of impact. The window begins to crack.
143) 0) text: John hustles toward the Digger, ignites the engine.
144) 0) text: The digger explodes up through the floor, ripping through metal grating. The tiny blades send a SHOWER OF SPARKS through the air. . John emerges and finds himself staring at-a T-1 which lie broken and burning. Terminator gives John a hand up.
144) 2) dialog: Terminated.
144) 5) text: minator and John bust through a door which leads into an perimental laboratory.
145) 0) text: Here T-2s are seen. More sleek, human-like frames. Rubber numan-like skin covers some of their appendages. Terminator blasts the T-2s as he and John exit.
146) 0) text: T-1G claws across the ceiling, walls, floor of the tunnel blazing through with incredible speed -- the laws of grav not a factor. iNT. UNDERGROUND MAINTENANCE FACILITY T-1G explodes up from the boring tunnel. Scans the area. John Connor. Her eyes focus on a Digger.
147) 0) text: John and Terminator race through. Terminator fires the ch gun up into the sprinkler system, setting it off. Terminator stops. Listens. He shoves John aside just as.. The GROUND EXPLODES! T-1G drives the DIGGER up into the room! Right where John was standing.
149) 3) dialog: Initiate anti~gravitic thrusters.
149) 5) dialog: (pushes talk button) Cycle launch check list. The lights to the control panel illuminate as the ship co to life.
151) 0) text: John examines the plasma flight screen which reveals T-1G approaching.
154) 2) dialog: {in epiphany; sotto) Frequency cancellation... Sentient frequency, sentient frequency matter... (pushes talk button) Activate frequency cancellation.
156) 1) dialog: Alter cancellation frequency.
156) 3) dialog: Calibrate to high energy target. The computer screen's cross-hairs focuses on T-1G.
156) 5) dialog: Come on. Cancel that sentient frequency piece of shit.
158) 0) text: -iG rips open the rear hatch, enters! John is trapped, no way out! 7-1G screams toward John to kill. John pulls the lever fo che EJECTION SEAT, not a second too soon. EXPLOSION!
159) 0) text: Because of the angle of SWIFT lying on its side, John is catapulted at a 45 degree angle across the length of the hangar. A parachute opens just before he hits the ground, breaking his fall somewhat. T-1G jumps out of the aircraft, eyes targeting John. John backs away from the approaching T-1G when suddenly h body starts twitching strangely. T-1G tries to shake it off when a strange vibration rippl through her. The vibration grows...and like a microphone feeding back, a single tone crescendoes...louder...louder into an ugly deafening ROAR. T-1G examines herself as her body swells and unravels, he dense sentient frequency matter decompressing -- it’s not pretty. Her arms and chest burst open, ballooning out massively. Legs explode, rapidly growing outward as her insides pour out of her. T-1G’s gorgeous smooth skin is n replaced with her inner-working, intricate neural network visible. Tendrils of neural tissues rip open and writhe a they try to re-connect. John backs into a corner, trapped by T-1G. T-1G finally stabilizes. She is now grossly misshapen and horribly contorted. Arcs of electricity blaze through her augmented form which lays paralyzed upon the ground, just feet from John; her stillborn eyes boring into his. Body rippling with electricity. John struggles to his feet, and hurries past the hideous machine -- smart not to assume she’s dead.
160) 0) text: Or G9 AD ND John finds Terminator in bad shape. Chunks of flesh missi revealing mangled endoskeleton beneath, exposed wiring.
160) 1) dialog: You okay?
160) 4) dialog: I know. John and Terminator move to exit when... Suddenly T-1G CRASHES through the wall and rears its mass physique. Her beautiful features, although still recognizable, undulate with grotesque proportion. John ha created an even worse adversary! Terminator levels the chain gun and blasts rounds into he The effect of the gunshots have a slight damaging effect the first time -- in this state T-1G is more vicious, but perhaps more vulnerable. John races to escape through the corridor, Terminator trailing with a limp. T-1G rips apart the walls, having difficulty squeezing its cumbersome new body through. Thi slowing her down greatly. Terminator blasts T-1G with his chain gun until...CLICK. of ammo. John finds a door to a stairwell.
160) 5) dialog: Come on!
161) 0) text: The sprinkler system showers John and Terminator as they rapidly descend the steps. The T-1G crashes inside, fight to squeeze through, shaking the interior like a 9.0 earthquake. The stairwell crumbles beneath John’s feet, causing him t plummet a flight. WHAM! John hits hard, writhing in pain. T-1G lurches downward toward John when Terminator steps i between. Like a cobra, T-1G strikes at Terminator. Retaliating, Terminator punches holes into T-1G. But as h arms rip into her, human flesh is instantly burned off by acidic effect of the neurai inner-workings. Terminator falls down a flight, lands beside John. T-16 crashes through the stairwell, forcing its large body tow its prey, bashing apart chunks of concrete. Terminator spies an air conditioning duct. With endoskele exposed arms, he rips off the metal covering and shoves J inside. Terminator dives in after John.
162) 0) text: CRASH! John smashes through a ceiling vent and impacts on tne dense titanium-grated floor. He gasps in pain, clutch nis dislocated knee.
163) 1) dialog: Get up. Terminator’s servos and hydraulics grind and sputter horr as he tries to move. JOHN (CONT’ D) Get up! Terminator’s red left eye dims, losing its bright glow. T cyborg is dying. John struggles to drag Terminator, but h much too heavy to move. John hears the horrible screech of T-1G which echoes thro the air duct above. Time is running out. JOHN (CONT’ D) Don’t fade out on me! Come on, say something! . Terminator, too weak to be of any further ‘service to Joh manages but a few words...
163) 3) dialog: What?
163) 5) dialog: Why? © @ PO . 116.
163) 7) dialog: You're a good friend.
165) 0) text: T-1G drops down into the large chamber and whips its head toward John who is seen climbing inside the control room, protected behind ultra thick glass. Terminator latches onto T-1G with one hand and grabs the metal grates with his other, keeping the beast _pinned. T fights to free herself.
166) 0) text: The nerve center of the testing chamber, a miniature vers of NASA‘s mission control. John gets behind the main terminal and types furiously into the keyboard.
167) 0) text: T-1G rips Terminator in half. The cyborg’s body fragments sizzling with blue tendriis of electricity. T-1G lurches massive body upward, twisting its head around 180 degrees The beast HISSES as it burns a death look at John inside control room. T-1G leaps through the air, silhouetted by the strobing emergency lights. © GD PO
168) 0) text: John finishes typing into the computer. A button with a protective safety cover suddenly BLINKS RED. T-1G HISSES John while gripping the glass.
168) 1) dialog: You're terminated, bicshn. John flicks open the safety cover and pounds his fist ont the red button. Titanium blast shields slide down over th thick protective glass.
170) 0) text: John hurries to escape!
171) 0) text: John forces himself to his feet. Fighting the pain, he hurriedly limps to escape, desperate to put distance betw him and the impending explosion.
173) 0) text: Ot 9 IY 9 The EXPLOSION erupts an enormous PLUME into the sky! A massive tower of FIRE AND DEBRIS rains. Emerging from the subterranean entrance is John Connor. Limping, wartorn, hardened expression. Emergency vehicles approach him.
178) 0) text: Extreme CLOSE-UP on John Connor’s intense eyes...as we pu pack...
178) 1) dialog: Six million lives were lost soon after Skynet became self-aware. Camera continues pulling back, revealing John standing on of a mountainous ridge, a Yamaha 400 dirtbike parked near
178) 2) dialog: It’s ironic...while a computer became conscious, we were unconscious. With the exception of my mother. God, I’m going to miss her. I now understand how she suffered through the years, how she lost out on being a mother. Camera pulls back, revealing semi trucks loading supplies inside a tunnel located below the ridge.
178) 3) dialog: I’d hate to think that a taste of the apocalypse is what it took to wake the world. I can only hope now that we remain...wide-awake. I know I will. . Camera continues ascending, high into the .heavens where is but a dot on a mountain.
178) 4) dialog: I can still hear my mother’s words: “There is no fate, but what we make.” Camera ascends above California, showing Los Angeles from space. FADE OUT. ©i @ PO