2) 7) text: Red eyes glow within the darkness of the sea. A naked, muscular man. THE TERMINATOR.
5) 20) text: Terminator turns emotionless eyes toward RAPPER whose measurements have been deemed suitable.
5) 21) dialog: I need your clothes, your boots... Terminator eyes an MD-520N HELICOPTER seated on a helipad Gi @ PO PO TERMINATOR (CONT’ D} ...and the helicopter. Rapper can‘t help but to laugh. The other Body Guards fol suit. During which time... Camera dollies, revealing Terminator’s back which has been mutilated by the props. Exposed endoskeleton and torn flesh, NOT REVEALED to the partiers.
5) 26) text: A combat knife slices across Terminator’s neck from behin Terminator back~head-butts Body Guard #5, strips the blad and throws it with machine-like accuracy... THONG! The knife spears through Body Guard #6’s wrist, pinning it to the wall of the cabin -- the HK MP-5, froze his grip, is fired accidently, blasting two dry-docked WA RUNNERS which explode IN A BALL OF GASOLINE! Fire spreads RAT-T-T-T-T-T-T-T-! A Body Guard explodes multiple rounds an MP-5. Terminator strips the clip out of the weapon, making it CLICK EMPTY. Body Guard #7 is hurled hard again the cabin wall. SMASH! The injured Body Guards stop attacking. They get it -- There’s something very fucking wrong here. én @9 PD HO
5) 28) text: They struggle to squirm their injured sodies away from Terminator, the fear of God in chem. Terminator steps through the flames, undaunted by the int neat. Emotioniess eyes coldly target Rapper wno can’t andress fast enough.
6) 0) text: Terminator strides toward tue helipad now fully clothed i Dlack leather jacket, baggy leather pants and heavy cleat boots.
7) 0) text: Terminator grabs the controls with Rapper and another Thu step onto the helipad leveling an MP-5s at Terminator.
7) 2) text: Terminator glances at Rapper, reaches out with his left h and removes Rapper’s hip DIESEL SUNGLASSES and places the his face.
12) 1) text: INT. JOHN CONNOR’S HOUSE Terminator strides through with his M4 leveled and ready shoot. Terminator approaches a cork message board and rip off an invitation flyer. BBQ party. Below are directions and date.
19) 0) text: Terminator scans the park below where John had the BBQ pa John is nowhere to be found.
22) 6) text: na opens the front door and finds Terminator. He removes nis sunglasses. : TERMINATOR’ I'm looking for John's -plin.
22) 8) dialog: His future. TERMINATOR POV. Heatvision allows Terminator to see throu the walls and in all areas of the houa. The only other li Form inside is an approaching German Shepherd. Anna struggles to hold back Bandita who appears at her si barking viciously at Terminator.
31) 0) text: y vohn’s Ford Explorer traveis toward an GUTDOOR MALL. 500 feet above flies Terminator in the stolen MD-520N helicop vyohn’s Explorer pulls into the underground parking struc
34) 1) text: John and Anna race across the mall, weaving in and out of crowd. John stumbles upon a Security Officer. He snakes t rent-a-cop’s GLOCK .40 rom the man’s holster. Gt G PS PS Terminator marches past frantic shoppers who lie on the ground, trembling. He levels both .45s and explodes round in John's direction. Shoppers scream as they hit the deck
35) 15) text: TERMINATOR POV. A GPS MAP DISPLAY indicates traffic. ° Optimal routes. Danger areas. It’s like a video arcade ga in fast motion -- except Terminator’s highly sophisticate CPU leaves no room for error. Anna speeds down a street directly parallel to the 10 freeway. To ner right is a 15 foot berm which ramps up to the freeway. oi © DO PO Anna turns the sportbike into the ramp at an easy angle, creating an Evil Knevil class jump! John white-knucles it as Anna jumps the sport bike up the berm and jumps off...
35) 20) text: Anna‘s speedometer climbs to: 170." Terminator, 180. Anna applies the brakes. Terminator drives through a wall black smoke. Anna takes an off-ramp which Terminator unwittingly passe
37) 0) text: Terminator slows the Ninja and races over to the right shouider of the freeway and jumps off the overpass.
38) 0) text: Terminator’s Ninja lands down onto the street. .45 leveie Terminator pumps off several shots at John. Anna screams on the throttle, escaping the deadly fire.
39) 0) text: Anna races down the stairs and drives through the ticket gate. An opened maintenance door offers a route past the revolving security gates. Terminator drives the Ninja up onto the wall, using it as ramp and jumps the bike over the revolving security gates
40) 0) text: Anna jumps down onto the subway tracks and pours on full throttle. The Hayabusa is at 90 mph in seconds, rocketing down one pair of tracks. An oncoming train traveling down the sister tracks streaks past, a mere arm’s reach away. wrong twitch, instant death. The effect of speed is dizzying. : TERMINATOR POV. Nightvision gives a better view of the da subway tunnel. Terminator’s own digital Speedometer climbs...90 mph...100 mph... John spins around and blows several shots at Terminator’s Ninja with his Glock .40. Bullets spark off Terminator’s bike as he pursues. Anna cuts a fast turn down a...
41) 0) text: The Hayabusa banks high up on the hard-packed dirt wall. Terminator makes the same high-bank turn! Gi & PO PO
41) 8) text: virtually invisible. 7 iG steps into Terminator and WHACK! Xicks the giant acr face. Terminator stumbles back.
41) 9) text: 7-16 disappears again. Terminator once again searches for his enemy. JOHN'S POV. He sees T-1G standing directly between him an Terminator. Terminator sees John, but not T-1G. TERMINATOR POV. His vision changes to INFRARED. No avail. His vision changes to SONAR. T-1G is seen! _ SONAR POV. The outlined figure of T-1G racing toward Terminator! WHACK! WHACK! WHACK! John watches T-1G go ballistic, kicking the shit out of Terminator. The cyborg doesn’t stand a chance against the superior machine. T-1G picks up Terminator and throws him hard into a steel support beam. The support beam collapses. A tsunami of di and rock impact Terminator as the roof caves in. Complete burying him. The roof continues caving in, threatening John’s life. T-1G grabs John and carries him away from the danger zone Finally, the avalanche stops. T-1G turns and examines the ccave-in. Terminator is buried in forty feet of dirt’ and rock. . - John, shaken up and adrenaline pumped, turns to T-16.
43) 0) text: The heaping pile of dirt and rock separate as Terminator’ torn hand spears through.
46) 44) text: 7-iG makes herself appear as she marches toward John and Sa arah. SING! The elevator doors open. T-1G looks up at... Terminator! He holds a .40mm HK69 grenade launcher.
46) 45) dialog: Get down. Terminator fires a GRENADE which impales T-1G’s chest. EXPLOSION! T-1G is blown back from the violent force. She tumbles across the floor, her body vaporizing into streak sizzling light. The lights pours back into itself and reforms T-1G, returning her to default mode. T-1G jumps up onto the ceiling, sticks to it like a spide She jumps down, grabbing hold of the ROCKET LAUNCHER. Terminator fires another grenade... .EXPLOSION! T-1G, . carrying the rocket_ ‘launcher, :-is blown through: thi w CRASH! . , Glass everywhere! | . :
46) 47) text: Terminator looks down at John, offers a hand.
46) 49) dialog: Come with me if you want to live. John is beyond confused. Isn’t this the bad guy? No time figure this out now. He grabs hold of Terminator’s hand, zamps to his feet, nusties to Sarah wno struggles to igno che pain of her dislocated shoulder. © © PY PO Sarah grabs one of the HK G-36s with her right (good) arm Slaps in a new belt of ammo, wraps the belt around the sa arm. Sohn grabs the .50 caliber sniper rifle. The three are no heavily armed and ready for action.
48) 0) text: Terminator peers through the window and watches T-1G aim rocket launcher right up at him.
48) 1) dialog: Run. John and Sarah do what they’re told.
50) 0) text: Terminator, John and Sarah exit through the side of the building when they see the massive jumbo jet hurtling straight for them.
50) 3) text: Terminator hustles up to a MANHOLE ‘COVER, rips off the-l
50) 4) dialog: Get in. Sarah and John hurry to do just that.
51) 0) text: Terminator, John, and Sarah, wade as fast as they can thr the two feet deep sewer water. Chunks of concrete raining down onto their heads. ‘ike St. Elmo’s Fire, a ball of FLAMES rushes toward them.
51) 1) dialog: Get down. Jona and Sarah dive into the water which is bareiy deep enough to cover their bodies. SWOOOOSH! The firestorm SLAZES over their heads.
52) 0) text: Traffic is backed up. Crowds of PEDESTRIANS stand outside their cars. Some cry from the horrific tragedy; others st catatonic, staring at the 747 crash site. HIGH-PRESSURE WATER shoots out of a fire hydrant and dows the flames, clearing a path for Terminator, John and Sara they emerge from the manhole. Terminator’s eyes target a custom MOTOR HOME.
53) 0) text: A MOTHER and DAUGHTER back against the rear wall as a gruesome Terminator rips off the door and enters. He is still smoldering, large portions of endoskeleton exposed beyond charred cloned flesh.
53) 1) dialog: Get out. . : What a good idea! The Mother and Daughter, .in a state of panic, squeeze past Terminator as fast as their nerves ca propel them. The FATHER, behind the wheel, approaches Terminator, in a state of shock from the horrific 747 cra
53) 3) dialog: You stay.
55) 0) text: vohn peers out the back window, searching for the T-1G. T coast appears to be clear. John turns back to Terminator.
55) 2) dialog: I know. Sarah lets out a grunt, cringing from the agony of her dislocated shoulder. Terminator approaches Sarah, examine her. TERMINATOR POV. The dislocation is clearly seen. CRACK! Re-sets the shoulder. Sarah lets out a SHARP SCREA
55) 6) dialog: Just me.
55) 7) text: John takes a closer look at Terminator. He can see the cyborg’s human flesh slowly repairing itself, returning cloned tissue and endoskeleton to new.
55) 9) dialog: I am Cyberdyne Systems model T-201. Upgraded self-regenerating capability.
55) 13) dialog: = waS prcgrammed to stop you.
55) 15) dialog: You. Twenty-five years from now.
55) 18) dialog: Not terminate...stop. Injury was an - acceptable risk.
55) 20) dialog: Cyberdyne Systems was unsuccessful in making Skynet conscious. The program lacked one thing. A sense of mortality.
55) 22) dialog: Skynet could not know life, until it was threatened with death. That’s what your program taught it. .
55) 24) dialog: Yes. John’s blood turns to ice.
55) 31) dialog: Skynet is already in control of several nuclear platforms. War is imminent. Sarah takes that like a knife in the heart.
55) 33) dialog: Mount Chaffney is where John Conner emerges after the nuclear fires.
58) 0) text: John sits in anguish. Terminator stands in the center of cabin, ready for attack, weapons tight in his grip. Sarah studies John’s pain; something she’s familiar with.
58) 4) dialog: _. The T-1G’s highest probability for success was to ‘get close to you posing as your girlfriend, © . - John looks off, tortured.
58) 5) dialog: You are now targeted for termination. The T-1G will not stop until --
58) 11) dialog: The T-iG is Skynet’s most elite model. Composed of sentient frequency matter. tt can’t be melted, frozen or blown-up.
58) 13) dialog: Unknown.
63) 0) text: Terminator refuels the Motor Home when another customer o the opposite side of the gas pumps curses the credit card Machine in frustration. The CUSTOMER looks up at Terminat
63) 2) text: Terminator shoots the “Gisgruntied Customer a death look the man strides toward the attendant window.
64) 5) dialog: Both tanks are full.
64) 8) dialog: A U.S. Trident submarine launches the first warhead at San Francisco in eighty- two minutes. { \ Sarah shakes her head, devastated. Co JOHN What if we destroyed Cyberdyne? I mean nuked the place completely.
64) 9) dialog: Negative. Skynet has anticipated that, and is downloading itself into a protected environment. Once safe, it will launch’ globally. Two hours after San Francisco is destroyed.
65) 5) dialog: Why?
65) 7) dialog: You are an effective leader. John shakes his head, unable to hear the words.
65) 9) text: Terminator picks up do against his temple. .
65) 11) text: JOHN . (CONT? D) ~ an What are you doing?! Stop! It’s me, Connor! 7 (terminator cocks the pistol) Leader of the resistance! Terminator pauses, uncocks the pistol and withdraws it fr schn’s head.
65) 14) dialog: Then start acting like him. Point made. John wipes the blood from his Lip. t !
65) 20) text: (walking off) No Problemo. hn gets to his feet and catches up with Terminator who rides toward the: motor home. iL JOHN “No probilemo??” Sounds familiar, I teach o to say that in the future? i ag | ‘TERMINATOR Among ee things.
65) 22) dialog: v»You programmed-me.to push you to-your ..- + full pot tial... - Keep you alert. JOHN | ne You mean give me shit. Is that what you’ ce aeily saying? j; TERMINATOR It’s " you work best.
66) 0) text: Sarah opens the door as John enters, disheveled, blood un Ais nose. Terminator trails.
66) 2) dialog: We had a nice talk. Sarah reacts as John wraps some ice in a towel and holds against his cheek, a little cautious of Terminator.
66) 4) dialog: Green River Launch Complex. Utah.
66) 17) dialog: Helicopters. Approaching from the - Northwest. John and Sarah listen, hear nothing. Terminator moves to window, looks out. TERMINATOR POV. Telescoping nightvision reveals an army o choppers approaching. Searchlights aim down at the Mobile Home. TERMINATOR (CONT’ D) They’ re targeting us.
66) 26) dialog: Surrendering is not one of my mission parameters.
66) 28) dialog: How do I look? John examines Terminator who looks more than awkward.
67) 0) text: The Copilot aims a NIGHTSUN spotlight down at the Motor H illuminating John, Sarah and Terminator as they exit the vehicle.
68) 1) text: Upon landing, armed SWAT, POLICE and“ FBI ,exit with weap leveled. They stealthily storm the ‘Motor Home with train precision. : John, Sarah and Terminator stand beside the Motor Home, h in the air, winds blasting their faces. TERMINATOR POV. A digitized scan of the approaching SWAT soldiers. Each of their weapons is identified; their line of fire calculated. Terminator shoves John back behind his body to protect hi
68) 2) dialog: This is tactically dangerous. G1 © PS P
68) 5) text: Just stick with the plan and we‘1l:i be fine. TERMINATOR POV. Highly sensitive ears hear everything. Weapons cocking, bullets being loaded. Safeties being released.
74) 4) dialog: I could effectively terminate these soldiers. We could be in safe ground in an hour and twenty minutes.
74) 6) dialog: What plan?
74) 10) text: INT. CORRIDOR c The SWAT soldiers stop as they come to a steel vault door They unlock the door and motion for Terminator to enter.
74) 16) text: SWAT i Drop the gun! Drop it now! Terminator breaks the M4 in half. Drop the pieces at the soldiers feet. Point made, he enters the nolding tank. On his terms.
76) 0) text: Terminator stands in the middle of a barren titanium tank ultra thick carbon cable attached to a.single industrial- sized eye-bolt in the center -of.the:floor.*:.A red:laser scans Terminator’s <body in a circular: motion; examining square inch of him.” On one of the walls is a two-way mirror, protected by thi titanium bars. TERMINATOR POV. Terminator changes vision so that can see through the two-way mirror. Inside he sees and hears two AGENTS, one of which is discussing him on the phone.
78) 0) text: Terminator is seen through the observation glass. fAigh-t equipment spits out endless data as Terminator is examine from head to toe.
79) 0) text: Terminator easily breaks free of the shackle vest. He gra one of the injection darts, yanks it from his skin. He sn off half the needle and jabs it into the base of his head Using the broken needle, Terminator slices open the back Ais scalp...
80) 0) text: Agent #1 drops the phone from his flaccid grip when he se Terminator slice open the back of his head. Agent #2 reac in the same fashion. Gt GS IP WO
81) 0) text: Having cut a perfect iine from the base of his neck to th top of his cranium, Terminator then jabs the broken needl into the front of his neck.
84) 0) text: Terminator finishes slicing a perfect circle around the circumference of his neck. He then places his hands upon ears and shoves upwards. The Soldiers enter with their weapons ready. They find Terminator with his back turned. We hear the sticky sound of flesh and musculature separat Terminator pulls off his face like a Halloween mask. The Soldiers are horrified at the sight of a metal craniu After removing the human mask, Terminator turns to the soldiers, revealing his true endoskeleton head. Red eyes glowing. Steel jawline. Traces of blood beading against shiny armored steel. a
89) 3) text: Terminator remains.where we left him. TERMINATOR POV. Computerized data shows a countdown.
101) 28) dialog: You are at war. Skynet is stalling until it can gain full control of all U.S. nuclear arsenals.
101) 31) dialog: Tell nim to change it.
103) 0) text: Gen. Meeks finishes up a phone call on a secured line. Jo Terminator and Sarah stand by.
104) 0) text: John cranks on the sink water and splashes his anguished face. Terminator stands at his side. and examines John in mirror. Looe so ue
104) 3) dialog: Older.
104) 7) dialog: No sarcasm. You’re the same.
104) 9) dialog: Why?
104) 11) dialog: I do. (beat) But it’s not you. John reacts as Terminator points his eyes at his own cybo reflection. TERMINATOR (CONT’D) You are John Connor. You’re human. John turns back to his own reflection, clearly understand what Terminator has just taught him. Terminator rips the towel dispenser.off the wall and hand John a stack of towels. John graciously excepts a single towel, dries his face.
106) 0) text: Terminator, Sarah and John approach the elevator with Gen Meeks and Brad Silberman in tow. The armed soldiers flank them. Terminator halts, hearing something inaudible to human ea
106) 1) dialog: Gunfire. Terminator looks down at the floor in the direction of th sound.
106) 3) text: Quiet. Terminator looks up at the illuminated elevator display. elevator is ascending toward them -- not good. TERMINATOR (CONT’D) (to John) Get to the roof. John complies without wasting a beat. Sarah, Silberman, G Meeks and half the other soldiers trailing. © G PS
106) 5) text: Four stories below, T~iG bursts up through the elevator! Terminator grabs several GRENADES from a Soldier’s belt a cthrows it down the shaft. EXPLOSION! The blast severs the thick cables and sends th 2levator crashing down to the first floor, T-1G with it.
110) 7) dialog: Get in. : Terminator tosses John inside the open hatch of the Dauph T-1G claws up the side of the building and jumps back ont the roof. ° Terminator pauses to re-load. Sarah and the other soldier blasting ammo into T=-1G who searches for John. T-1G focuses on the exiting Dauphin. ‘She ‘runs toward th tail rotor and jumps into the blade. Sparks fly as the ta rotor EXPLODES APART!
111) 7) text: Terminator loses hold on the building and begins a fiftee story plummet! The Cyborg rips his arms into the side of the building es ‘ails, cutting through glass and metal, anything to break fail...
111) 8) text: Terminator finally IMPACTS the street below, cyborg body seeply denting the pavement!
113) 0) text: T-1G looks below and finds John Connor hanging above the spinning blades of the Blackhawk chopper parked on the street. She jumps down onto the cable... Upside down, with her limbs straddling cable, T-1G slides down toward John like a speeding bullet. Sparks showering behind her from the extreme friction. John’s greasy grip weakens. He struggles to keep his dangling feet from getting sucked into the Blackhawk’s ma rotor blades. Looking up, he sees T-1G descending down up him! Terminator struggles back to his feet. He shoves against front of the Chopper and slides the machine out from underneath John. .
114) 0) text: With the chopper out of the way, John jumps down to the street. Terminator grabs John and pulls him out of the way...and & moment too soon. T-1G hits the street and digs in. T-1G picks herself up. The sound of THUNDER ABOVE. She lifts her face and finds the mangled Dauphin helicopter descending upon her head...too late! CRRRRAAASSSHH! EXPLOSION! An ENORMOUS FIREBALL swirls into the rainy nig
114) 2) text: Gi G PO PO ‘a 81. Terminator turns to John who's gulping down oxygen.
114) 3) dialog: You're a lot of work.
115) 0) text: Terminator and John race across the street. John, exhausted, gulping down air, looks behind him and sees T- rapidly gaining ground!
119) 9) dialog: who looks up at John approaches.
119) 11) dialog: The factories which built it are completely automated. After the fires, Skynet takes control of production and manufactures a more advanced version called an Aerial Hunter Killer. Equipped with laser weaponry, highly sensitive motion and heat sensors and a power cell which lasts twenty years.
119) 15) dialog: Exact number, unknown.
119) 17) dialog: Between seven and eight.
119) 19) dialog: Thousand. World-wide. John leans back in his seat, overwhelmed. i JOHN Let me ask you something, you believe in this war? Terminator isn’t sure how to respond.
119) 20) dialog: Believe?
119) 22) dialog: If it opposes you.
119) 24) dialog: Choose?
119) 28) text: Terminator is puzzled. John focuses on a RED fire extinguisher, unlocks it from its cradle. He then grabs a BLUE medic kit.
119) 30) dialog: Each color is best suited for its optical --
119) 32) dialog: I see no beauty.
119) 34) dialog: Which.color do you prefer?
119) 36) dialog: Why? -
120) 0) text: Medics work in triage, tending to a myriad of butchered a gunshot employees. EMS helicopters carry off the wounded. The anti-gravitic thrusters of the SWIFT send out distort ripple waves as the machine SILENTLY lowers out of the sk and hovers above a tarmac. Sohn and Terminator exit the SWIFT where they are immedia toined by two men. One of them is MATT RIBBERDY -- the scientist Skynet impersonated to the President. Cohn tries to communicate with Ribberdy, but he is unable near his voice. His lips move, but no sound comes out. Jo raises his voice, even yells...nothing is heard. The SWIFT hovers upward and rockets into the night, quiet a bird.
120) 3) dialog: The XB-91 SWIFT is equipped with electromagnetic and acoustic field suppressors. Ribberdy is a little put off that Terminator knows this.
121) 0) text: John and Terminator. sit before a large mobile plasma scr which shows the interior of the Green River Launch Comple
121) 3) dialog: Negative. Skynet communicates with satellites by way of R.U.S.T. Ribberdy and Col. Bell are shocked Terminator knows this. RIBBERDY . That’s right. Root Underground Satellite TIransponders. On the plasma screen, a 3D GRAPHIC clearly illustrates th Cyber Cellar inside the subterranean Green River Launch complex. Descending roots jet out from beneath and travel all directions, burrowing deeply into the earth, then arc toward the surface in a vast network. : RIBBERDY (CONT’D) The communication lines run a half mile deep and fan out at a ten mile radius. There’s thousands of ‘em.
121) 7) dialog: Skynet controls them.
121) 15) dialog: i can reduce my ambient thermal signature to zero,
121) 22) dialog: I have files on the T-1 but have never encountered it.
121) 25) dialog: Skynet’s designation of its redesign. Terminator turns square to John.
121) 26) dialog: First generation terminator.
123) 0) text: SQ elite soldiers exit a C-130 which is parked on the dry lake bed. The soldiers are armed with the latest in tacti weapon systems. John looks up, focuses on a SWIFT which travels silently overheard. The aircraft maneuvers into a bank turn. TERMINATOR POV. Nightvision shows a parachute over the entrance of the complex. Terminator zooms in and sees...
123) 3) dialog: Descending by parachute. From the enemy SWIFT. Terminator grabs John and hurries him to safety as...
126) 0) text: While Terminator races John to safety, soldiers are cut d ‘and burned alive -- their retaliation futile. Ribberdy is strafed by the SWIFT. The force of the blast knocks John and Col. Bell to the ground. Terminator cover John with his body as the area around them is peppered. The SWIFT’s underbelly parts as cargo bay doors expose MISSILES which lock onto their target: John Connor! Terminator rolls off John, picks up a couple of .50 Calib assault rifles, ZOOMS in on one of the missiles, cradled beneath the SWIFT, squeezes both triggers! The missile BLOWS UP! KA-BOOOOCQOOOM! An enormous EXPLOSI One of the SWIFT’s anti-gravitic THRUSTERS erupts! The aircraft flies radically out of control. Ascending... © @ PY bO
127) 0) text: Terminator turns to John while loading new clips into eac -£9 caliber assauit rifle.
127) 1) dialog: She'll be back. John rack-focuses on Ribberdy who lies badly wounded, leg severely shot up, pieces of shrapnel imbedded in his tors
127) 6) dialog: She’ll find us. Let’s go. En route to the subterranean entrance, FOUR surviving soldiers join up with our guys.
128) 0) text: Ot G PS HO Terminator scouts through the dark tunnel entrance, the t .50 caliber guns in each hand. Trailing is John (carrying Ribberdy) Col. Bell. and the four soldiers.
128) 20) text: “yo a 95; COL. BELL (CONT’)) (to soldiers) Alright, ladies! Let’s move! (to John) We'll be coming back through here in ten minutes. The soldiers comply with their superior officer’s command Col. Bell leads the troops down the iarge corridor. gopn glances at the lifeless Terminator, crushed in the b oors.
129) 0) text: Terminator is where we left him. Lifeless. Crushed betwee the titanium wall and 20 foot thick outer blast door. Bey Terminator is T-1G. She stands outside the entrance, star in. Her body turns to static vapor, allowing her to easily navigate through the narrow 10 inch passage. Half way, sh pauses and examines the lifeless Terminator. No threat he she continues on. Once on the other side, T-1G returns to default mode and strides through the complex, resuming her hunt.
132) 0) text: Sarah examines the crushed Terminator. She spies down the north corridor, coast clear. Gi GD PP
132) 33) dialog: I’m back. Terminator drops the severed T-1 arm into a pile of smoldering robotic junk. CLANK! Terminator kicks T-1 debr out+of his way as he approaches John. A T-1 head rolls al the floor. TERMINATOR (CONT‘D) It’s clear to me why Skynet rushed to redesign the T-ls. They suck.
134) 0) text: Terminator rips open the door. John and the rest of the g cile in and face the many security monitors. John sits before the computers, punching up different locations on the monitors. One of the screens shows the interior of a fully automate ROBOTIC FACTORY where T-ls are constructed. It’s in full operation. A new T-1 steps off the production line and is equipped with ammo-pack and chain gun.
134) 3) dialog: Subplex 5. John types into the computer. The Cyber Cellar comes up o the main large-screen monitor. Standing in the control bo outside the Cyber Cellar is the T-1G standing guard. One of the soldiers speaks up. - -
134) 9) text: {to Terminator) This chick...she as bad-ass as you?
134) 10) dialog: The T-1G is a superior model. Three generations more advanced. Terminator zooms the monitor in and focuses on the detona tock.
134) 11) dialog: She detonated the lock. It’s welded shut now.
134) 16) dialog: Check your head.
134) 18) dialog: Tell you when you’re terminated.
135) 0) text: John follows Terminator.
135) 2) dialog: You talk about choices. But you see only one: Defeat.
135) 5) text: Terminator spears John with a look, walks off. John lower nis head, feeling Terminator’s words. Sarah and the rest the soldiers exit into the north hall and approach John. SARAH”. What’s up with his shit?
135) 13) dialog: I know.
136) 0) text: Terminator pulls a dusty canvas tarp off a single-manned boring machine, otherwise known as a “DIGGER.” John, Sarah and the rest of the soldiers huddle around th digger, examining it closely. Torpedo-sized, covered with rows of tiny blades. Connected to the aft section is a io spool of fiber optic cabling. Gaff reaches out and touche one of the many tiny blades, cuts his finger, sucks the wound.
136) 3) dialog: Yeah, but the cabling’s fiber optic. And there’s a thousand of ‘em, bound together. That should leave me a pretty big weak spot to dig up through.
136) 10) dialog: Most definately.
138) 0) text: The door is BLASTED OPEN. Terminator storms in with a cha gun in his grip and an ammo pack strapped to his back. He blasts a new T-1 as it steps off the line.
144) 0) text: The digger explodes up through the floor, ripping through metal grating. The tiny blades send a SHOWER OF SPARKS through the air. . John emerges and finds himself staring at-a T-1 which lie broken and burning. Terminator gives John a hand up.
144) 1) dialog: Skynet?
144) 3) dialog: Sarah? sohn shakes his head with deep remorse. TERMINATOR (CONT‘D) Let’s go.
145) 0) text: Here T-2s are seen. More sleek, human-like frames. Rubber numan-like skin covers some of their appendages. Terminator blasts the T-2s as he and John exit.
147) 0) text: John and Terminator race through. Terminator fires the ch gun up into the sprinkler system, setting it off. Terminator stops. Listens. He shoves John aside just as.. The GROUND EXPLODES! T-1G drives the DIGGER up into the room! Right where John was standing.
147) 1) dialog: Run. John escapes through a doorway and enters... Terminator turns his chain gun on T-1G who kicks the weap from his grip. T-iG grabs the Digger, its blades spinning viciousiy, and impales it down onto Terminator, mutilating flesh, grindi endoskeleton.
150) 0) text: T-1G impales the digger’one last time onto Terminator, ripping the machine deeply into the cyborg’s torso. With dying strength, Terminator reaches out and grabs T-1G’s ankle, a pathetic attempt to stop her. T-1G turns to stat vapor, allowing her lower-leg to pass through Terminator’ clutches with wraith-like effect.
160) 0) text: Or G9 AD ND John finds Terminator in bad shape. Chunks of flesh missi revealing mangled endoskeleton beneath, exposed wiring.
160) 2) dialog: I hate her. 114. With some difficulty, Terminator stands. There’s a moment refreshing silence...
160) 3) dialog: . You did good. .
161) 0) text: The sprinkler system showers John and Terminator as they rapidly descend the steps. The T-1G crashes inside, fight to squeeze through, shaking the interior like a 9.0 earthquake. The stairwell crumbles beneath John’s feet, causing him t plummet a flight. WHAM! John hits hard, writhing in pain. T-1G lurches downward toward John when Terminator steps i between. Like a cobra, T-1G strikes at Terminator. Retaliating, Terminator punches holes into T-1G. But as h arms rip into her, human flesh is instantly burned off by acidic effect of the neurai inner-workings. Terminator falls down a flight, lands beside John. T-16 crashes through the stairwell, forcing its large body tow its prey, bashing apart chunks of concrete. Terminator spies an air conditioning duct. With endoskele exposed arms, he rips off the metal covering and shoves J inside. Terminator dives in after John.
163) 0) text: vohn, fighting to suppress his agony, claws across the gr floor when Terminator comes CRASHING DOWN. The cyborg struggles to right himself, but too much damage has been done: arms stripped of flesh, metal cranium half-exposed left leg severed.
163) 2) dialog: (digital clipping) G-g-g-green.
163) 4) dialog: (digital clipping) My fav-vorite color...
163) 6) dialog: (digital clipping) The c-c-olor...i-l-l-life. vohn rushes with emotional chill as he stares down upon h dying friend.
163) 8) dialog: I know. Terminator smiles sarcastically before his body begins sizzling with short bursts of blue electricity and the glowing red from his mechanical eyes fade. Debris rains down from above as T-1G grows nearer. John crawls across the grated floor toward a CONTROL ROOM Illuminated by strobed emergency lighting...A 35 foot PLA ROCKET ENGINE mounted horizontally on a special stand.
165) 0) text: T-1G drops down into the large chamber and whips its head toward John who is seen climbing inside the control room, protected behind ultra thick glass. Terminator latches onto T-1G with one hand and grabs the metal grates with his other, keeping the beast _pinned. T fights to free herself.
167) 0) text: T-1G rips Terminator in half. The cyborg’s body fragments sizzling with blue tendriis of electricity. T-1G lurches massive body upward, twisting its head around 180 degrees The beast HISSES as it burns a death look at John inside control room. T-1G leaps through the air, silhouetted by the strobing emergency lights. © GD PO