13) 21) text: PAN to see BEVERLY MARSH (13) a dazzling cloud of auburn and lovely green-gray eyes. Her clothes aren't as nice as group of popular girls, but she holds her head high. 
13) 24) text: Beverly sees the girls as Girl #1 puts Gretta's rings on fingers. Sensing trouble, she turns around and ducks righ back into school. 
14) 3) text: He turns to see Beverly. 
14) 5) text: He steps aside. Beverly tip-toes past, lighting a cigaret like a pro. 
14) 10) text: Beverly smiles and offers Ben a smoke. He refuses. She sh and blows a smoke ring in his face. 
14) 23) text: Beverly laughs. 
22) 1) text: Beverly opens her fridge. There's nothing in it but a plastic jug of margarine, some half-molded white bread, a suspect milk. She sniffs the milk.  
23) 1) text: Beverly sips the milk, leaving a wholesome white mustache her upper lip. She looks up to see... 
23) 9) text: Disgusted, Beverly shrinks. 
23) 12) text: She sits down next to Beverly, grasping with her clammy p Beverly's free hand. 
23) 15) text: Beverly, squeamishly tries to remove her hand from her mother's, but the harder she pulls away the harder the Mo holds onto her. 
30) 1) text: Ben is about to the drop the postcard into a MAILBOX when second thoughts. He holds it just over the slot. We see t it's addressed to: MISS BEVERLY MARSH, LOWER MAIN STREET, DERRY MAINE, ZONE 2. Ben closes his eyes, steels his cour 
50) 9) dialog: You consider a diversion? 
50) 10) text: They all turn to Beverly, who stands there sly and smilin 
51) 1) text: Mr. Keene fills prescriptions. Eddie flops out of the ais clutching his throat. Will and Beverly run out after. 
51) 8) text: Annoyed, Keene comes out from behind the counter. He knee next to Eddie and takes the pen, plunging it into his thi Will screens Beverly as she SHOPLIFTS THE SUPPLIES and SL OUT THE STORE. Eddie opens his eyes, breathing normal. 
57) 1) text: A slummy apartment over Lower Main Street. A Red Sox game blares on from somewhere down the hall. We track down the hallway and PAN just as Beverly starts to unzip her pants close the door.  
58) 1) text: Beverly finishes peeing. She reaches for toilet paper but there isn't any. She rifles through the toiletries under old fashioned sink basin looking for anything she can use 
58) 3) text: Beverly looks around for the voice, startled. 
58) 15) text: Terrified, Beverly dashes out.  
60) 1) text: Beverly stands over the sink basin, tape measurer in hand The voice is silent. 
60) 5) text: BEVERLY GASPS and drops the measurer. It goes clattering the sink, the tape coiling up like a snake, blood flicker everywhere as she stumbles back, tripping into the shower 
60) 7) text: Like a demonic ejaculation -- blood splatters the mirror, wallpaper, bouncing off walls and covering Beverly. She SCREAMS and runs out the door...  
62) 6) text: He steps over and grabs the BLOOD-COATED TAPE, clipping i onto his belt, blood on his hands now too. He doesn't see to see any of it. Only Beverly can. She realizes this. 
74) 2) text: Beverly stirs awake. Her sheets and pillows are smeared w blood. Her face crusted with dried gore. 
75) 2) text: Surrounded by brown and crusty wallpaper, is Beverly's realization that the blood was not a dream. 
75) 3) text: Beverly's Mom appears in the doorway.   Beverly turns to speechless, in shock.
75) 6) text: Beverly tiptoes out of the horror scene. She shyly looks her mother as she dries her hair over a blood-drenched si oblivious to it all. 
75) 8) text: Beverly is speechless.  
78) 11) dialog: Too late. 
79) 1) text: The SIX of them now sunbathe on the rocks at the edge of pond. Their eyes are closed, soaking in the vitamin D, except Ben, who can't take his off of Beverly's tanning b 
79) 6) text: Ben, happy to have something else to focus on other than Beverly, looks at Will.
79) 14) text: Beverly, eyes still closed, places a cigarette in her mou and lights up. Ben notices her hands shake as she holds t cigarette in her mouth. The smoke swirls and dissipates o them. 
79) 16) text: Will whips his neck to Beverly. He can't tell if she is making fun or if she is seriously asking him for a bridge 
79) 31) text: Beverly, still laying there, exhales a long trail of smok 
80) 1) text: The FIVE boys and Beverly stand outside her slummy apartm building. She looks frightened to go inside. 
88) 8) dialog: Not someone.    Something.        There's like this spiri 
107) 11) text: Beverly, then Ben, appear from one of the dormer windows leading to Ben's bedroom, with sparklers, bunches of bott rockets, roman candles and small firecrackers. 
107) 24) text: Beverly looks up from a SPREAD OF FIREWORKS laid out on a white and blue Captain America towel. 
107) 34) text: Eddie recoils in disgust while Beverly's mind goes to dar places, to her father, and what being a "woman" might mea him now. Ben and Will both notice this change in her demeanor. 
111) 16) text: BEVERLY jumps out firing off her 6-BARRELED MORTAR handhe aimed horizontally, at the car. THUMP. The recoil throws her back while the rocketing projectile explodes in front the Trans-Am. Travis and the boys shield their faces SCREAMING as the front windshield explodes. 
115) 1) text: Ben and Beverly look at the window into the blackened hol then at each other ominously. 
118) 9) text: Will watches Travis and his boys walk past the basement window again. Ben looks to Beverly, sees some gravel in h leg like buckshot. 
122) 28) text: Will grabs on to Beverly's hand. She holds onto his with equal vigor. Richie holds onto Eddie. 
127) 2) text: Beverly is the first one out the window, then Stan, then Richie, then Ben. Ben looks back and sees Eddie standing the doorway to the hallway. 
130) 7) text: Beverly leads Richie and Stan down to the edge of the roo  
138) 7) text: Just then the board from the window rips off to Richie, S and Beverly. 
143) 6) dialog: I think it's pretty obvious.      Derry's not just haunte 
156) 1) text: Beverly, all gussied up in a pretty white dress, heads fo the door. A hand snatches out from behind and seizes her 
156) 49) text: Beverly tries to race out the door but he snatches her an and she trips into the hallway. By the time she is up he lunging towards her. 
158) 1) text: Will and Mike tear through the howling rain on their bike They almost collide into Beverly who comes dashing around corner. 
162) 16) text: Beverly looks at Ben, consistently impressed by his defen of her. 
172) 9) text: Will is pointing. Beverly follows his eyes to the knife i Victor's hand, which has PUNCTURED THE MEMBRANE.
174) 14) text: Will sees Beverly over by one of the waterfalls. 
175) 28) dialog: Stan? Stan, are you okay?       Stan! 
176) 53) text: Will is confused. This is the one thing he wanted to hear Beverly hands him his satchel with the car flares. 