9) 9) text: EYES PEER BACK AT HIM -- from THE GREASY WHITE FACE OF A CLOWN. Not Bozo, or Ronald McDonald, but something more o world, freakish, like that of a 19th-century acrobat -- b lithe, almost child-like. Meet PENNYWISE aka BOB GRAY. 
9) 10) text: George recoils back, shocked by Pennywise's presence. A VOICE, a perfectly pleasant and reasonable voice, rises u 
9) 11) dialog: Hello, Georgie. 
9) 15) dialog: Lost something?
9) 26) text: The clown's sing-songy voice curdles into something horri primal even, as George's arm is seized by Pennywise's unusually LONG arm and CLAW-like hand. 
9) 30) text: RACK FOCUS... Georgie's rag doll body flung left and righ Pennywise feeds on him and tries to pull him through the metal grate into the sewer. 
31) 13) text: The OLD COUPLE behind the wheel CATCH EYES WITH BEN, see tears, and STEP ON THE ACCELERATOR. Ben sees A CLOWN ridi in the back seat, grinning -- PENNYWISE. 
41) 11) text: PENNYWISE appears across the cellar hold OVER HIS SHOULDE When Mike looks up from reading Pennywise IS GONE. 
47) 8) text: And for an instance, a CLOWN.   Pennywise. Then blackness again. 
48) 11) text: He moves down deeper. Lights the hair spray again, and fo second, we think we glimpsed, deeper in the shadows, Pennywise. 
48) 18) text: He sprays. The flame spits out and out of the darkness, PENNYWISE the clown leaps onto Hockstettler, tumbling him into the cellar hold, he drops the lighter and hairspray, which rolls down to the feet of a child. A DEAD CHILD.  
70) 15) text: Will recoils. Georgie glides over the water towards Will, we realize there is a creature beyond it, the colors of a clown's costume, PENNYWISE, propping up Georgie's body li MEAT PUPPET. 
70) 17) text: PENNYWISE crosses the flooded basement and scuffles up th steps after Will, arms and legs splayed out like a chargi crocodile, Georgie's limp corpse strapped to his back. 
70) 18) text: Will slams the door on Pennywise's/Georgie's gross face.  
78) 20) text: PENNYWISE floating in from the depths beneath him. 
100) 1) text: A balloon surfaces from the waters, bringing with it PENNYWISE. It pulls him over to a survivor swimming in darkness and Pennywise pounces, dragging the victim under water. 
100) 2) text: Leroy and Dick see this and are horrified. They begin swimming back to the edge when a balloon surfaces nearby, again pulling Pennywise, his face smeared with blood, fro the water. 
100) 3) text: It drags the clown toward them. They climb out of the can just as Pennywise gets within striking distance. Instead pounces on a woman there, dragging her under kicking and screaming.
103) 5) text: The door slams behind him. Mike runs over to it, jiggles lock, but it won't open. Behind him, in between flashes o the strobe, PENNYWISE APPEARS THEN DISAPPEARS... 
113) 5) text: And then, as if by magic (or by Pennywise), one of the 2x that cover a window to the basement slips to the ground.  
120) 1) text: The kids can see Travis staring straight at them through window, the 2x4 is non-existent, as if Pennywise is preventing the boys outside from seeing in or entering. 
123) 3) text: As Ben disappears into the stairs again, the door closes, revealing PENNYWISE THE CLOWN, at the far end of the hall  
125) 1) text: Pennywise is gone. 
136) 5) text: Inside is Pennywise, all curled up. He unfurls himself li a coiled snake, holding a balloon on a string. It drags h floating just above the bloody floor, across the room tow Eddie. 
136) 12) text: Eddie does. Pennywise is over him now, his teeth like raz his clawed hands reaching out for Eddie's neck. 
138) 2) text: Fall onto Pennywise, smacking into the floor, blood splattering the walls, impact cushioned by Pennywise's bo They instantly fall to the side. 
138) 3) text: Will, Mike and Ben look over to see what broke their fall just as startled Pennywise, writhing in anger. 
138) 5) text: Eddie scurries away from Pennywise, who bares his fangs a Will. 
138) 8) text: She fires a bottle rocket at Pennywise's face, exploding right into his eye. The clown reels back howling. 
138) 10) text: Pennywise pulls the rocket out of his burned socket and growls at the boys, morphing into an ORANGE GAS that shoo back into the fridge. 
138) 11) text: Eddie, Ben and Richie climb to safety through the window, while Will watches from the window frame Pennywise's esca
142) 17) text: PENNYWISE, fingers dancing across the keys like a virtuos 
142) 34) text: No one in the saloon seems to pay much mind to this. No o except Pennywise at the piano, who takes great pleasure i the scene and the ditty he's playing, a greasy white smil his giddy, evil face...
146) 1) text: Will sits on the curb across from the storm drain that ki Georgie. His eyes burn with anger. He stares into the dar void, half expecting Pennywise's face to appear any momen
160) 8) text: Snatch continues on into the LIVING ROOM where he finds TRAVIS sitting in Butch's favorite Lazy-boy in front of t TV, which is turned on to PENNYWISE THE CLOWN SHOW. 
165) 13) text: Travis glares at Snatch, PENNYWISE appearing near the boy a flash of lightning. 
176) 4) text: Pennywise emerges from the shadows behind Will, clinging the wall, joints all turned and wrong, like a spider. 
176) 8) text: It's near PITCH BLACK. Just Will and Pennywise. He can he his friends banging on the door, calling for him but can' see anything. 
176) 21) text: Glimpses of Pennywise scuffling in the dark like a spider 
176) 32) text: Will's eyes fall to the baseball bat half-way between the He lunges for it, Pennywise knocking it away. The clown seizes his neck, smiles hungrily, bares his twisted fangs 
176) 34) text: Pennywise goes for a bite and...  THWACK 
176) 37) text: Pennywise pulls the arrow from his bloody mouth. 
176) 41) text: Pennywise tries to fend off this "Lord of the Flies" rebellion, becoming bigger, fiercer, more grotesque, but kids are too much. Just when they have "IT" bleeding and backed into a corner for the death blow... 
176) 43) text: Will grabs Ben's sledgehammer. The creature that looks up them isn't Pennywise but... GEORGIE 
176) 67) text: GEORGIE REVERTS BACK TO PENNYWISE, screaming horribly and lunging at the kids one last time. IT finally gives up, slumping to the floor dead, a black charred clownish corp 