1) 7) dialog: If there waa land, it would be such 468 no man would dare to set foot upon..
1) 21) dialog: PerhapSes. a sunken reefss.
5) 2) text: An olive branch hangs prominently in the f.g. Through the bizarre twist we see Sinbad, Harufa, Ali, and Sailor #5 walking single file through the grove - each with a cask of water on nis shoulder, Sinbad and Harufa carry spearae Ali has a crossbow. The sound of the birds carrisa over. Harufa sees the olive branch and starts towarda it.
5) 14) dialog: (as he runs) Look! There's anotherlt CAMERA SWINGS to Ali some ten feet away standing over ano footprint.. Sailor #5, now some twenty feet distant, poin excitedly to the ground.
8) 6) text: Harufa hurls his spear at the Cyclops. Ali fires his crossbow. * 31a MEDIUM CLOSE SHOT THE CYCLOPS UP ANGLE (H-S-D) 31A The spear and crossbow find their marks, but only serve to further enrage the Cyclops. He plucks them from his bo
25) 1) text: The Caliph stands before the entrance, attended by severa slaves and palace dignitaries, Sinbad leads Parisa to gre the Caliph. The Caliph opens his arms in a welcoming gest
26) 1) text: A Nubian slave strikes the gong and Sokurah -~ now magnif - cently dressed in a long black robe -- enters through t curtains and moves to where the Caliph, Sinbad and Parisa seated together on mats at a low table, dining in the man of the Easte Sokurah bows before the Caliphe
30) 0) text: 8h. FULL SHOT SULTAN CALIPH AND OTHERS 8h. * The Sultan and the Caliph are seated side by side at th banquet table, with Sinbad and Parisa next to them. The remains of the feast are being cleared away by a group of attendants, and the palace musicians are playing in the b
30) 2) text: The Sultan is dozing. As the applause brings him to, the~ Caliph hands him a ceremonial water-pipe.
30) 13) text: Sokurah, followed by Sadi and the guards, enters and bows toward the Caliph and his guests. The guards set the eart jar on the floor, then step back a few paces behind it. T are obviously very attractive to Sadi. One of the guards holds a long-handled, broad-bladed battle-axe.
30) 31) text: For a moment, nothing happens; then, in time with the mus the head of Sadi slowly rises above the rim of the jar -- but it is a transformed Sadi. Her plain features have bec exotic, and her head is sheathed in a strange headdress. Sound of a surprised intake of breath from the Caliph'ts ANOTHER ANGLE THE TWO GUARDS oh The guards! interest in Sadi is already increasing, judgi from their rapt expressions. Sokurah comes up and takes t ornamental axe from one of theme LL SHOT SADI AND EARTHEN JAR (H-¥-D) ‘~ 95 Sadi’s Head is Still all that shows, weaving in time with the msic. Sokurah moves up behind the earthen jar, carryi the large wide-bladed axe.
30) 33) text: ith a single stroke of the axe, Sokurah shatters the jar. It falls away in pieces, revealing Sadi as a combination serpent-girl. Her body is segmented and tapering, like th of a anake, and four long tendrils exist in place of her
30) 63) text: Tne Sultan leans over and whispers with the Caliph. The Caliph nods, then looks back to Sokurah.
30) 90) text: as Sinbad leaps across the table, kicks over the brazier glowing coals and hurls the magician to the floor. It is as though he has broken an evil spell. Lights come up, an the ominous hush is broken by the babble of voices. CAMER PANS with Sinbad as he turns to the Caliph and the Sultan
30) 103) text: As they watch the magician exit, an ominous hush falls ov the banquet hall. The clang of the door closing after him breaks the silence; the Caliph seizes his wine glass, lif it high.
31) 14) text: A number of attendants are present, making final preperat for the wedding, which is to be held in the throne room. Caliph 4a gesturing, talking with Sinbad and the Sultan.
36) 0) text: Uy MEDIUM SHOT CALIPH hh The Caliph sits disconsolately on “the edge of the bed, h head in his hands, Sinbad and the magician appear at the door and enter. Sinbad looks around quickly, sees that Parisa, Sadi and the Sultan are gone. The Caliph searcely glances up at their intrusion,
37) 28) text: They are gathered before the Caliph's throne, discussing month's reprieve and the means of restoring Parisa.
37) 35) text: Sinbad and the Caliph grimly stare at Sokurah for a momen
39) 3) text: On a raisad platform at one side of the courtyard, Sinbad and Harufa stand with several armed prison guards and a colorfully uniformed attendant from the Caliph's palace. The attendant raises a long trumpet and blows a fanfare o the kind used to announce official proclamations, The prisoners become quiet, and Sinbad steps forward on the platform.
39) 26) text: Sinbad and the Caliph are on deck watching the last of th supplies being loaded. In the background, a number of sailors are struggling with a huge oversize arrow which they are bringing on board,
42) 4) text: (exhaling) Tt's good to eat hearty and be free againeece
68) 54) text: as Sinbad strides across toward the massive pile of treas trunks. He seizes the first man, tearing the heavy strand of pearls from his neck and slapping the gold cnalices ou his arms.
68) 61) text: Snooting out toward waterfall. As the men are about to ga their freedom, the great foot of the Cyclops pounds down sealing the exit. Sinbad turns up toward the Cyclops -- h sword ready to fight to the death. The sailors look up horrified.
78) 1) text: as they react to seeing their comrade o.s. roasted alive, Sinbad climbs up one of the poles which make the side of cage.
90) 1) text: “ ) Sinbad leads the group through a cleft in the rocks o re smali flat clearing near the top of the peaks. The cle is open on one side, falling away steepily. The other tnr sides ara shielded by large rocks with crevices large eno to hide a man.
97) 6) text: He stands staring down at her, a malicious smile lighting dark features. Parisa screams, but her cry is lost in the sound of the battle. Sokurah reaches a huge hand down tow her (camera).
97) 22) text: has 426 427 121 CONTINUED: hah For a long moment he seems utterly defeated, then his exp changes, hope growing once more. He realizes he is starin at the lamp fastened around his waist, and that Parisa ha him the words to inveke the Genie. ANOTHER ANGLE SINRAD AND LAMP 42s as Sinbad quickly unfastens his sash and removes the lamp placing 1t on tho rock shaif boforo him. Ilo pauses, thin ing, hard, moving his lips slightly in his effort to roca tho words said by Parisa just before the attack of the gi Roc.
105) 0) text: Lok MEDIUM SHOT SOKURAH (Y) 494 Ee is chained to the stone pedestal as we last saw him. He fastens his gaze on the chains that bind him; his eyes burn intensely. kos CLOSE SiiOf THE CHAINS (H-Y¥) 49S As Sokurah's gaze intensifies, the slack chains begin to undulata as though they were alive. They twist about them selves grotesquely. There is a sound of grinding iron. 496 CLOSE SHOT SOKURAH (y) 496 The fire in his eyes burns brightly as he glares at the Gancing chains. 496a INSERT: THE CHAINS (H-Y) . 496A as they twist and writhe, dust trickles from the socket o the eye-bolt which holds the chains fast into the stone. Suddenly the chains pull free from the wall. 496B FULL SHOT SOKURAH (yY) 4963 He runs to the table, his hands still dragging the chain fragments, to peer into the crystal bali. .
110) 21) dialog: It is Sinbad!
110) 41) text: 143 CONTINUED: sho SINBAD . (to Alt) : Take the Princess to the longboat! w-- Quickly! Ali and Parisa run out as Sinbad climbs up on the giant crossbow. -