25) 1) text: The Caliph stands before the entrance, attended by severa slaves and palace dignitaries, Sinbad leads Parisa to gre the Caliph. The Caliph opens his arms in a welcoming gest
25) 2) dialog: Three times welcome, Sinbad. You have done wonders to avert a war, Sinbad... (turning to Parisa) And what fair prize is this?
25) 9) dialog: Splendid! And a royal wedding it shall be, with all the honors of our courtece The Caliph takes the arms of Sinbad and Parisa, leading them off.
25) 10) dialog: Tell me all about your voyage, Sinbad.
26) 1) text: A Nubian slave strikes the gong and Sokurah -~ now magnif - cently dressed in a long black robe -- enters through t curtains and moves to where the Caliph, Sinbad and Parisa seated together on mats at a low table, dining in the man of the Easte Sokurah bows before the Caliphe
26) 3) dialog: Sinbad says you are a man of umusual powers, It is our wish that you demonstrate your skill at a welcoming feast for the Sultan of Chandra. rn
26) 8) dialog: You please me already.
26) 10) dialog: But?
26) 12) dialog: State it.
26) 14) dialog: Ships are costly, and lives are not to be wasted. Sokursah produces a:parchment scroll which he unrolls for Caliph. On it is the design for a huge crossbow.
26) 16) dialog: (looking at the seroll ! I cannot judge, for I have not seen the one-eyed giants... Sinbad, what is your opinion?
27) 4) dialog: (holds out the seroll) : Sinbad's word is my word.
30) 0) text: 8h. FULL SHOT SULTAN CALIPH AND OTHERS 8h. * The Sultan and the Caliph are seated side by side at th banquet table, with Sinbad and Parisa next to them. The remains of the feast are being cleared away by a group of attendants, and the palace musicians are playing in the b
30) 2) text: The Sultan is dozing. As the applause brings him to, the~ Caliph hands him a ceremonial water-pipe.
30) 4) dialog: I have arranged a presentation which I hope will rouse your \ interest, 0 Sultan... Summon ' Sokurah the Magician -=1 | : The slave bows in response to the Caliph's command an | ° off. - . :
30) 13) text: Sokurah, followed by Sadi and the guards, enters and bows toward the Caliph and his guests. The guards set the eart jar on the floor, then step back a few paces behind it. T are obviously very attractive to Sadi. One of the guards holds a long-handled, broad-bladed battle-axe.
30) 31) text: For a moment, nothing happens; then, in time with the mus the head of Sadi slowly rises above the rim of the jar -- but it is a transformed Sadi. Her plain features have bec exotic, and her head is sheathed in a strange headdress. Sound of a surprised intake of breath from the Caliph'ts ANOTHER ANGLE THE TWO GUARDS oh The guards! interest in Sadi is already increasing, judgi from their rapt expressions. Sokurah comes up and takes t ornamental axe from one of theme LL SHOT SADI AND EARTHEN JAR (H-¥-D) ‘~ 95 Sadi’s Head is Still all that shows, weaving in time with the msic. Sokurah moves up behind the earthen jar, carryi the large wide-bladed axe.
30) 36) dialog: If so, I share your dream. CAMERA PANS to TWO SHOT of Sinbad and Parisa to catch the reaction to Sadi's appearance. Parisa is wide-eyed.
30) 45) dialog: The current is destroying the Birl loos
30) 53) dialog: Well done, Sokurah. You are truly aman of great skill.
30) 55) dialog: + I do not change my mind so quickly.
30) 63) text: Tne Sultan leans over and whispers with the Caliph. The Caliph nods, then looks back to Sokurah.
30) 64) dialog: It would please us to have you look into the future of our two countriese
30) 78) dialog: You msti
30) 80) dialog: Go oni I command youl
30) 86) dialog: (to magician) You liel
30) 90) text: as Sinbad leaps across the table, kicks over the brazier glowing coals and hurls the magician to the floor. It is as though he has broken an evil spell. Lights come up, an the ominous hush is broken by the babble of voices. CAMER PANS with Sinbad as he turns to the Caliph and the Sultan
30) 91) dialog: You did well, Sinbad.
30) 97) dialog: In return I presume I must give you the ship and sailors you desira.
30) 101) dialog: (becoming angry) Sot Your lies are a cheap scheme to force me to grant your wish. (pointing) Get outl You have committed treason against both Bagdad and Chandra. If you are found within our borders by tomorrow sunset, your eyes will be torn out, that you may see no more evil dreamsl
30) 103) text: As they watch the magician exit, an ominous hush falls ov the banquet hall. The clang of the door closing after him breaks the silence; the Caliph seizes his wine glass, lif it high.
30) 104) dialog: To the wedding -- and our lasting friendship ¢ The Sultan lifts his glass, and they drink the Caliphis toast. Sinbad embraces Parisa protectively as we:
31) 14) text: A number of attendants are present, making final preperat for the wedding, which is to be held in the throne room. Caliph 4a gesturing, talking with Sinbad and the Sultan.
31) 15) dialog: (pointing) eoe the procession will pass through those coors, pause here before the throne, where the Sultan and I shall be seated equally. Then --
36) 0) text: Uy MEDIUM SHOT CALIPH hh The Caliph sits disconsolately on “the edge of the bed, h head in his hands, Sinbad and the magician appear at the door and enter. Sinbad looks around quickly, sees that Parisa, Sadi and the Sultan are gone. The Caliph searcely glances up at their intrusion,
36) 2) dialog: Gone to the Sultan's ship. They are preparing to sail. I had no hope of stopping him... (noticing Sokurah) Cursed omen of doom -- do you not value your life?
36) 4) dialog: (sorrowfully) foo long. The Sultan's army will camp on the ruins of the palace in less time. :
37) 28) text: They are gathered before the Caliph's throne, discussing month's reprieve and the means of restoring Parisa.
37) 35) text: Sinbad and the Caliph grimly stare at Sokurah for a momen
37) 40) dialog: I'll order your ship to be pro= visioned at once.
37) 42) dialog: ' Where will you find a crew, Sinbad?
37) 45) dialog: But that will not be enough to man the ship. Where will you find others? :
39) 3) text: On a raisad platform at one side of the courtyard, Sinbad and Harufa stand with several armed prison guards and a colorfully uniformed attendant from the Caliph's palace. The attendant raises a long trumpet and blows a fanfare o the kind used to announce official proclamations, The prisoners become quiet, and Sinbad steps forward on the platform.
39) 26) text: Sinbad and the Caliph are on deck watching the last of th supplies being loaded. In the background, a number of sailors are struggling with a huge oversize arrow which they are bringing on board,
39) 28) dialog: (quiet aside) I would rather sail with a ship- load of unleashed tigers.
39) 31) dialog: I would not say they lacked courage -- else they would frighten each other... Fare- well, Sinbad. May Allah fi11 your sails with favorable winds. The Caliph lays a fatherly hand on Sinbad's shoulder for brief moment, then turns and moves off quickly. Sinbad watches him leave, then turns toward the bow, lifting his head to call out his orders.