49) 0) text: f~ 212 MEDIUM SHOT KHARIM AND CREWMAN 212 . Tne crewman is at the wheel of the sip. The wind has co up and the sails are straining against the rigging. Again the whistle of the wind and the creak of the ropes we beg to hear the sound of wailing island. It is high-pitched, vibrant -- an eerie and nerve-shattering sound. It grows slowly bit steadily in volume.Kharim moves into scene to stand baside him, straining to peer forward into the nigh Both men are already tense and nervous as the rain beats their faces. (NOTE: Rain and wind through entire atorm sequence).
52) 2) dialog: This is the curse of the weird man to be hanged! We must release himt
52) 3) dialog: We dare not. Kharim will -- Tney are interrupted by a falling knife which sticks in t deck at their feet. Both look up toward the crow'sa nest.
54) 1) dialog: {peering aft) The helmsman does not turnt
54) 2) dialog: (bit wildly) He imows! We are doomed -- | let us die and be done with ith The first crewman reacts briefly, turns and moves off, 222 223 22k entering a hatchway leading below. CAMERA PANS WITH secon crewman as he wanders dazedly to the rail of the ship, peering downward and forward toward the rocks and the eve mounting sound. Other members of the crew begin to pour o the deck, clutching their heads.
54) 6) text: , A sudden thumping at the heavy door makes them all tura toward it. Sound of a heavy bolt and wooden bars being. withdrawn, then the door swings open. The first crewman from the scene on deck stands in the doorway, out of brea and disheveled.
54) 7) dialog: The ship 1s heading for the jagged rockst Save usl Sinbad and Sokurah need no second invitation. They rush through the doorway, followed closely by Harvfa. The crew man pauses in the doorway for a moment, finally cracking under the pressure of the sound. He seizes his head, hia eyes glaze and he crumples to the deck.
76) 3) dialog: He has strange powers. We dare not disobey him.
76) 5) dialog: Tnen prove it -- drink from the pool he has forbidden. The other crewmen laugh at this taunt. Golar looks grin, then forces a laugh.
76) 7) dialog: (tauntingly) , Goodbye, fearless one. Tne crew laughs again. Humiliated, Golar plunges one hand into the water, lifts 1% out, looks at it, then gingerly sucks up the liquid from one finger.
76) 14) dialog: A lovely way to diel
76) 15) dialog: We are already in Heaven!
78) 11) dialog: (quiet excitement) Escape? -- How?
78) 12) text: Never reveal what you are about to sea. et. rn KR THIRD CREWMAN Anything <= only save us. Sinbad reaches inte the pocket of his cloak and takes out the tiny jeweled case containing Parisa, The erewmen look at it, then at each other, as though to ask if Sinbad is crazy. Sinbad opens the box,
82) 15) dialog: (shouting) i No! ... Who's afraid!
89) 3) text: CAMERA HOLDS on a very narrow spot along the rock ledge a i first Sinbad and then another crewman succeed in crossi spot. After them comes Rajan. te nesitates fearfully, the | starts across. Losing his balance, he grabs a projectin rock, but it comes loose in his hand. He teeters on the edge for an instant, then plunges backward off the cliff with a piercing scream. i
89) 9) dialog: Poor Rajan -= so worried about his dinner. “SINBAD Allah knows many cures for an empty stomach... Come. Sinbad turns to lead the way, and the men resume climbing
90) 11) dialog: No more climbingi We are starving.
90) 12) dialog: Let us break open the egg and ‘roast the creaturei There ia plenty for all.
90) 13) text: fae crewman who made the suggestion runs to the egg, rais a short battle axe and chops a hole in the end of the egg Tne others start to follow his example.
91) 4) text: It makes faeble efforts to walk, but the crewman with the moves in on it, raising his weapon for the death blow,
97) 16) text: fne crewmen lie sprawled in various postures, Harufa crus by the falling rock, one crewman torn by the beax, the ot oy the talons of the great bird, The blackened fire and t remains of the Roc chick add a bizarre touch to the silen grisly scene.