39) 15) text: as they react strongly, angry and fearful. It is a long moment before Golar, a giant prisoner, silences them with gesture of his huge arms.
39) 16) dialog: You offer us a choice of two kinds of death,
42) 12) dialog: What of those men who are loyal to the Captain?
44) 4) text: He stands taking the measure of Golar.
44) 6) text: Sinbad, forewarned, leaps safely aside, whirling a chair the oncoming Golar as he does. The two new assailants dro into the scene. Sinbad, his sword drawn, engages them.
44) 9) text: the men through, and is about to account for the second. Golar starts for Sinbad. 195G CLOSE DOWN SHOT ON TABLE PARISA 195¢ ! She sees Golar advancing on Sinbad and tries to attract : attention -- by jumping up and down and shouting.
44) 11) text: Golar is about to bring his club down when he is attracte Parisa's voice. He turns and looks -= unable to believe h eyes. He reaches out for Parisa but she runs inte her cas Sinbad turns in time to deliver a stunning blow te Golar. drops to the floor. Sinbad picks up the jewelled case, pockets it, then runs for the cabin door.
68) 4) dialog: (grumbling) Why so miserly? We can f1i11 our jugs from the pool when they are empty. Sokurah moves to the edge of the pool and peers into it.
68) 11) dialog: (reacting) Poison?
76) 1) text: - Tne men have gathered around Golar, intently listening nim,
76) 2) dialog: Must we wait here while our comrades are killed -- just because of the word of the magician?
76) 4) dialog: Who dares not? I do not fear him.
76) 6) dialog: You think I am afraid of his lies? -- Hahi He moves to the edge of the stream, all eyes upon him. He ‘meels, staring at the dark water, trying not to show his hesitancy. ,
76) 11) dialog: It tastes like winel . ANOTHER ANGLE GOLAR AND MEN 28h, as they crowd around him at the edge of the stream. Boldl Golar cups his hand, dips it in the stream, then drinks deeply. The men watch him intently. He laughs when he finishes drinking.
76) 12) dialog: It's good! Like choice wine? The other crewmen join in the laughter, all starting to drink from the stream, either cupping their hands or plun ing their faces in as they lie on tne bank.
76) 13) dialog: (continuing; laughing) Poisonl... Poison, he told ust
76) 16) dialog: I am still alive -- I mst drink more} Golar drinks, the others laugh. SCENE 285 OMITTED.
82) 7) text: “MEDIUM SHOT GOLAR'*S GROUP 309 Tne men are now thoroughly and riatously drunk. They are weaving and staggering over the clearning, squirting the act each other from their goatskin jugs. Golar stands in their midst, waving his arms for attention.
82) 14) dialog: Listen! Listen, mates! Must we hide here so quietly... . (stiffling hiccup) «es While our comrades may be in danger? Are we afraid of Seokurah? ‘
82) 16) dialog: Then come! Follow me... (waving his sword) We'll rescue our shipmates. The drunken crewmen greet this proposal with a cheer. The Graw their weapons and follow after Golar, crashing into the woods with a maximum of noise and confusion.
83) 6) text: as the cyclops is distracted by Golar and nis group of drunken crewmen who are waving their weapons snd shouting
83) 7) text: as they run toward the cyclops, Golar leading them. He ru toward camera, pausing to thrust his sword high in the ai in a gesture of drunken bravado,
83) 8) dialog: Follow met
83) 9) text: Tne cyclops uproots ‘a tree with his hands, then uses it , a plunger to flatten Golar. (See drawing 2703) The men : vehind him stagger to a halt, very much sobered, They t and run as the cyclops moves after them. . 318A CLOSE SHOT SINBAD (S) 318A . He jumps down from the barbecue and runs to Sokurah.