1) 4) dialog: A sounding...here? Aye, Captain. He picks up the lead line and moves to the rail, as the CAMERA PANS with him onto THREE SAILORS grouped nearby. Their appearance is gaunt and worn, suggesting that they passed through much hardship on this voyage. They, too, a looking askanoe at Sinbad.
1) 34) text: The men scramble into the rigging as Harufa moves over to Sinbad.
1) 35) text: Sinbad turns the wheel over to Harufas
1) 39) text: SINBAD (cont'd) (suppressed hope) - «eeand may Allah grant we find food and water. Sinbad moves off. Harufa watches him for a momente
1) 40) dialog: (to himself) «eeand may Allah grant we find nothing more. Sinbad disappears below decka.
5) 2) text: An olive branch hangs prominently in the f.g. Through the bizarre twist we see Sinbad, Harufa, Ali, and Sailor #5 walking single file through the grove - each with a cask of water on nis shoulder, Sinbad and Harufa carry spearae Ali has a crossbow. The sound of the birds carrisa over. Harufa sees the olive branch and starts towarda it.
5) 4) dialog: For a branch of the olive to make my peace with the old crow that guards the Princess -=- i Harufa sets down his water cask and leans into a big CLOS to pluck the branch when suddenly his eyea rivet on somet off scene and bug out of their socketse HARUPA ‘ (continuing; : terrified
5) 23) dialog: It has the mark of Satan himselfece Come, Sinbad...Let us get back to the ship.e. Sinbad hands Harufa his water cask.
7) 0) text: 27a MEDIUM LONG SHOT SOXURAH AND CYCLOPS (H-S-D) 27a Harufa and the men run out. Sinbad holds long enough for Soxurah to run by, then turna and follows. In the bege,
8) 6) text: Harufa hurls his spear at the Cyclops. Ali fires his crossbow. * 31a MEDIUM CLOSE SHOT THE CYCLOPS UP ANGLE (H-S-D) 31A The spear and crossbow find their marks, but only serve to further enrage the Cyclops. He plucks them from his bo
9) 2) text: Harufa dodges the moving foot of the giant. Sinbad and Al hack at the Gyclops with their sworda.. .
9) 5) text: Cyclops picks up Harufa and examines him and sees he is n Sokurah, then flings him down toward Sinbad. .
9) 6) text: Harufa's body is thrown into scene hitting Sinbad. The tw bodies strike the rocks knocking Harufa unconscious,
9) 12) text: Sinbad drags the fallen Harufa out of the path of the adv Cyclops. As the Cyclops nears them, the rolling ball of f speeds betwoen them, sending up in its path a shimmering wall of force. The ball of fire dissolves inte nothingnes as it peaches the rocky cliff. CLOSE SHOT (H-S-D) 39. Tne Genie has returned to the lamp. MEDIUM SHOT (H-S-D) 4o The Cyclops stands hammering futilely at the shimmering w of forces
9) 18) text: 14 “yo MEDIUM SHOT SINBAD SOKURAH AND OTHERS (S) 41 As Sinbad struggles with the groggy Harufa, Solkurah runs carrying the lamp.
21) 1) text: Harufa is at the wheel of the ship. Sinbad slides down tn vigging:rope, dropping beside him.
21) 3) text: ee) am : TIE 7TH VOYAGE OF BInkAL . Revised Pago -- 22 daly 5, 1957 6s CONTINUED: 6s Harufa sets off to carry out Sinbad's order. .
39) 3) text: On a raisad platform at one side of the courtyard, Sinbad and Harufa stand with several armed prison guards and a colorfully uniformed attendant from the Caliph's palace. The attendant raises a long trumpet and blows a fanfare o the kind used to announce official proclamations, The prisoners become quiet, and Sinbad steps forward on the platform.
39) 18) text: The men gather in a large group, talking and mttering amo themselves. Sinbad and Harufa stand fast, gazing over the Finally the prisoners look up at Sinbad again.
45) 5) text: Harufa, armed, is fighting gamely against a number of mut The door to the passage-way bursts open, and Sinbad huris himself into the fight. Sinbad slashea a rope, bringing a sail canvas down upon the confused mutineers. The balance of power is not heavily in favor of Harufa and Sinbad. Th rout the mutineers. Sinbad runs after them, stopping in front of the camera in a CLOSE SHOT. The exultation of victory drains from his faces 198 AND 199 OMITTED.
47) 7) text: The mutineers greet Kharim's orders with a shout of joy. Knarim herds Sinbad and Harufa down the steps to the main deck, then pushes Sokurah after them, but Sokurah stops a the top of the steps, lifting his head toe shout over the mutineerse
48) 1) text: Lignting is very low key, coming from a barred hatchway s where above. The hold is barren except for two rough wood benches built out from the slanting walls. The three men facing one another. Harufa scowls, then turns to Sinbad.
56) 2) text: as Sinbad, the magician and Harufa emerge onto the quarte . deck and begin to take charge. Harufa yanks the numbed f~ helmsman from the wneel and sends him spinning across the geck, Sinbad seizes the wheel and turns it hard to the le The magician and Harufa crouch close to Sinbad, shouting each other's ears to be heard.
63) 1) text: as Harufa gestures wildly, pointing o.s. Sinbad whirls th wheel to tne left, then holds it steady. Their faces show the great strain they are under.
66) 7) text: 77 2h CONTINGED: 2 . Lats | SINBAD (cont'd) ~ (turning to Harufa) . j teer a course west-nortm sth oe Sharp lookout for the peak. ¢ Colossal
66) 17) dialog: The crossbow is assembled and ready. They look off past camera. 255 WHAT THEY SEE THE CROSSBOW (H-S-D) © 255 The giant crossbow is assembled and pointed toward the fa end of the beach, In the foreground, the crew is carrying the huge arrow toward the crossbow,
66) 20) dialog: I would rather go with you.se.
67) 19) text: The tiny figure of Harufa, torch in hand, stands facing t great stone head.
68) 16) text: MEDIUM SHOT ANOTHER ANGLE HARUFA -(S) 26h, Sword in hand, he is cautiously moving through another pa of the Cyclops! clearing. He passes a huge cage some eigh feat tall (large prop) made of the timbers from a shipwre boat. Harufa looks inte the cage. A small pile of human b are strewn over the bottom of the oage. As he backs up to
68) 28) text: as Harufa's fingers run over the sharp points.
68) 29) text: peads of perspiration stand out on his forehead. He turns examine the club. He compares his own punny scimitar with massive club. CLOSEUP HARUFA (S) 26ke He swallows hard, then starts to move on. A hand comes in touching his shoulder. Harufa wheels in terror.
68) 30) dialog: Not
68) 34) text: Sinoad and Harufa enter. There is no sign of the other me seen previously.
68) 39) text: o~ Harufa looks around more frightened than ever, . SINBAD . (continuing) See if you can find them... Sinbad starts off in one direction. CAMERA FOLLOWS Harufa he moves toward the waterfall. He looks behind 1t -- then disappears from view. .
68) 52) dialog: (starting to load up) . We're richi Wa'tre rich! Come, Master -- take your fill of riches!! Pearls -- diamonds -- rubles -- gold -- Everything!
70) 7) text: Harufa and Jafa are already in the cage as the third man arops in.
74) 0) text: As the men flatten themselves against the bars and try to shinney up the poles to escape the cyclops! claw. It fast on the luckless Harufa and lifts him out.
75) 3) text: as the cyclops fastens the latch on the cage and starta towards the barbecue. Harufa screams loudly.
77) 2) text: The cyclops! fire is burning now. Harufa is tied to a sha pole, suspended ona framework of two forked poles on eith side of the fire. The cyclops slowly revolves the stick.
77) 4) text: fhe cyclops! head and shoulders loom over the dancing fla His huge hand slowly turns the spit on which is trussed t Still struggling figure of Harufa.
77) 23) dialog: (weakly) Help -- Sinbad!
78) 4) text: as he watches the cyclops roasting Harufa, He pauses for moment, then moves cautiously along the top of the rocks, going toward a cleft which leads down into the clearing. SCENES 289 THROUGH 291 OMITTED. INP. WOODEN caaR - (s) (¢ 8
82) 0) text: Ww 302A MEDIUM SHOT CYCLOPS AND MEN - 43024 The cyclops turns his attention away from Harufa and walk off towards the treasure store, where he hears a sound, ~ SCENES 303 THROUGH 305 OMITTED. EXT. TOP OF CAGE (¥) (D)
82) 20) text: as the men reach the rim. Harufa, nearly exhausted, hangs limply above the flames.
83) 39) text: Ee emerges from the rocky cave and watches the blinded cyclops briefly, then starts up to where Harufa still dan on the spit. 328 AND 329 OMITTED.
83) 43) text: He nas just released Harufa, wno is weak and blackened, Sinbad seas the danger to the magician. He jumps down to Ground, picks up a stick, and beats on the cyclops! leg w it.
96) 34) text: Tae giant Roc nas settled to the ledge. One of her neads darts out toward tne group of men. As they retreat to the edge of the cliff, three of the men fall over - their scr fade into the distance. The other crewmen and Harufa swin feverishly at the bird with their sabers. CLOSER SHOT (H-S-D) hor as one of the huge neads darts into the scene grabbing on ef the crewmen in each of its great beaks. MEDIUM SHOT SINBAD MEN AND ROC (H-S-D) 4o2 As the sailor struggles in the beak of one head, the othe head attacks Harufa and the remaining sailor. ‘Sinbad run into scene slashing at the bird's neck. The bird drops. t limp bodies of the dead sailors from its beaks. CLOSE SHOT SOKURAH (S) ho2a - Flattened against a rock, his evil eyes seem to be urging the great bird on.
96) 37) text: as they battle. The giant bird knocks the remaining crewm down, ripping him with its sharp talons. He lies motionle and bleeding. . . CLOSE SHOT SINBAD (S) o2c He rubs the magic lamp. Near him, Harufa slashes at the bird.
96) 42) text: still fignting with Harufa at his side.
97) 16) text: fne crewmen lie sprawled in various postures, Harufa crus by the falling rock, one crewman torn by the beax, the ot oy the talons of the great bird, The blackened fire and t remains of the Roc chick add a bizarre touch to the silen grisly scene.