3) 2) dialog: . (opening door) - This is no time of night to be a. mmocking at a lady'a bedroomeee She starts to close the door, but Sinbad puts a good-natu elbow in the way.
3) 9) dialog: I blame him for taking you from the comfort and safety of your father's palace...to this...thia bobbing arkt
3) 17) dialog: Captainl The minute my back is turnedt I dare say you invented this island just for this purpose. Sinbad Looks/ at Parisa who can hardly contain her laught
18) 15) text: Sinbad sits at his captain's table. Sokurah stands at the cabin window, looking out to sea. Parisa and Sadi are sea watching interestedly. Sokurah appears fully recovered fr his drowning. Sinbad, plotting his ship's position on a m tesses his dividers down.
30) 5) text: INT. PALACE ANTE-ROOM (¥) ‘ “~ 86a MEDIUM SHOT SOKURAH AND SADI 86a They stand before a huge earthen jar. Half a dozen giant
30) 6) text: fam 29 86a CONTINUED: 864 bare-chested guards are standing in readiness to carry it Sokurah is attired in a rich costume and flowing cape. He earnestly addressing Sadi.
30) 8) dialog: (anxious) What must I do? There is the sound of a gong 0OoSe -
30) 13) text: Sokurah, followed by Sadi and the guards, enters and bows toward the Caliph and his guests. The guards set the eart jar on the floor, then step back a few paces behind it. T are obviously very attractive to Sadi. One of the guards holds a long-handled, broad-bladed battle-axe.
30) 21) text: as Sadi gives them a definitely flirtatious look. The gua coldly look through her. She reacts by freezing in turn. fhe guards lift her easily and place her inside the urn.
30) 23) text: as Sokurah removes the 1id from the basket, thrusts in hi . hand and draws forth a large, writhing cobra. Sound of audience reaction from o.s. CAMERA PANS with Sokurah as h carries the snake to the large earthen jar, holds it alof for a moment, then drops the snake into the jar with Sadi
30) 31) text: For a moment, nothing happens; then, in time with the mus the head of Sadi slowly rises above the rim of the jar -- but it is a transformed Sadi. Her plain features have bec exotic, and her head is sheathed in a strange headdress. Sound of a surprised intake of breath from the Caliph'ts ANOTHER ANGLE THE TWO GUARDS oh The guards! interest in Sadi is already increasing, judgi from their rapt expressions. Sokurah comes up and takes t ornamental axe from one of theme LL SHOT SADI AND EARTHEN JAR (H-¥-D) ‘~ 95 Sadi’s Head is Still all that shows, weaving in time with the msic. Sokurah moves up behind the earthen jar, carryi the large wide-bladed axe.
30) 33) text: ith a single stroke of the axe, Sokurah shatters the jar. It falls away in pieces, revealing Sadi as a combination serpent-girl. Her body is segmented and tapering, like th of a anake, and four long tendrils exist in place of her
30) 40) text: as Sokurah returns the ornamental axe. They are stunned a entranced with the spectacle of Sadi. .
30) 42) text: He lifts his arms in a gesture of command. The music chan again, gaining in tempo, rising toward conclusions MOVING SHOT SADI (H-Y¥) 10k. as she weaves from the banquet table back to where one of guards stands, holding the axe across his cheste She circ in front of the guards twice. :
30) 43) text: The snake-like lower portion of Sadi's body begins to coi back on itself, encircling her waist in a tight grip. The tendrils of arms writhe as though fighting with her for domination, then they wind themselves about her neck. Sad face shows fear and alarm, as does that of the guards.
30) 46) text: As Sadi struggles helplessly in the coils, the two guards move in to help. One of them raises the axe as if he woul cut the serpent in two, but Sokureah quickly takes off hi and throws it over Sadi. There is a flash of light; a whi cloud of smoke envelops Sadi. TWO SHOT SINBAD AND PARISA (¥) 107 as they react, Parisa rising, showing great alarms
30) 75) dialog: (stern whisper) Is this how you conduct yourself - the moment my back is turned? The wedding is not until tomorrow. Parisa lifts her head from Sinbad's shoulder, and both tu to look at Sadi. MEDIUM CLOSE sHor soxuRaH (S) 11h as a palace guard sets a brazier of glowing coals before then moves off. The magician removes a vial of pqwder fro his clock. He sprinkles the powder over the coals, and th begin to burn with an intense greenish light. The magicia peers into this light, his eyes growing large and blank. CAMERA MOVES in to CLOSEUP of Sokurah who seems to enter. trance state. His face is a glowing mask, taking on eerie shadows as the fire dies down, the room becoming darkere SOKURAH ¢ (hollowly; intoning) My spirit races ahead of time itself. Ask your questions.
31) 18) text: avn ho 127 He is interrupted by the appearance of Sadi, who hurries scene and bows before the Sultan. She is obviously distur
31) 21) dialog: My Lord, the door to the Princess Parisa's chamber is locked -- I cannot awaken her!
33) 2) text: as they enter, followed shortly by Sadi. Sinbad stands to meet them.
36) 0) text: Uy MEDIUM SHOT CALIPH hh The Caliph sits disconsolately on “the edge of the bed, h head in his hands, Sinbad and the magician appear at the door and enter. Sinbad looks around quickly, sees that Parisa, Sadi and the Sultan are gone. The Caliph searcely glances up at their intrusion,
37) 16) text: as Sadi approachos, carrying Parisa (model), who 1s pertl sitting on a pillow.