1) 1) text: 3 Same as previous shot. Sinbad, still peering into the fog senses something.
1) 2) dialog: Harufasest HARUPA, the first mate, comes up. He is a big, barrel= chested man with a mat of black hair and a curly black beard, ,
1) 3) dialog: (continuing) Sound for a depthi Harufa gives Sinbad a look of astonishment.
1) 17) dialog: (calling) - Sharp lookout aloft therel
1) 26) dialog: Land ho,..off the starboard bowl
1) 33) dialog: Take in all saili Haruface.i
1) 34) text: The men scramble into the rigging as Harufa moves over to Sinbad.
1) 35) text: Sinbad turns the wheel over to Harufas
1) 36) dialog: Drop the anchor... We'll go ashore at the firat light of dawnes.
1) 39) text: SINBAD (cont'd) (suppressed hope) - «eeand may Allah grant we find food and water. Sinbad moves off. Harufa watches him for a momente
2) 2) dialog: (softly) Princess?
3) 5) dialog: (faint smile) I would speak with your mistresBess I bring good newsl
3) 7) text: as she enters from an inner chamber. She is very beautifu dressed in a long negliges and silken dreasing gown. She erossea to Sinbad and takes his hands.
3) 11) dialog: We are anchoring off an island. Tomorrow we take on food and water to continue the voyage to Bagdad. Both Parisa and Sadi react with pleasure, though Sadi qui conceals her joy. She picks up the cockatoo, which has be resting on a nearby perch.
3) 16) dialog: In a week you'll be feasting in - Bagdad... , (te Parisa) eeeat our wedding. As Sadi turns away, Parisa flings her arms around Sinbad' neck and kisses him full on the lips. Sadi ateps in aa if to separate them, her face stern.
3) 18) dialog: (gallantly taking the blame) Por another such kisa, I'd invent a whole continent. Sadi pushes Sinbad into the corridor and slama the door i the camera. DISSOLVE TOs
5) 2) text: An olive branch hangs prominently in the f.g. Through the bizarre twist we see Sinbad, Harufa, Ali, and Sailor #5 walking single file through the grove - each with a cask of water on nis shoulder, Sinbad and Harufa carry spearae Ali has a crossbow. The sound of the birds carrisa over. Harufa sees the olive branch and starts towarda it.
5) 3) dialog: The boat lies this way, Harufascee Where are you going?
5) 16) dialog: (impressed) What a stride} He runs in the direction of the footprints, Harufa follow ANOTHER ANGLE ROCKY AREA SINBAD AND HARUPA (S) ak Sinbad and Harufa run up into camera following the prints Suddenly they look up - disbelief written on their faces. Harufats jaw drops openee.
5) 22) dialog: It has the mark of some ancient . civilizationse.
5) 24) dialog: Hold this... I'm going to see where that stone mouth leads... Suddenly there is a roaring, and sounds of someone runnin They look off,
6) 1) text: SOXURAH, an imposing man with large dark eyes, emerges fr the cave mouth, running hard, closely pursued by the gian CYCLOPS, wno must stoop slightly te emerge from the huge opening. Sokurah runs toward Sinbad.
6) 2) text: moving with Sokurah as he runs, clutching a strange lamp (prop) in his hands. He sees Sinbad.
7) 0) text: 27a MEDIUM LONG SHOT SOXURAH AND CYCLOPS (H-S-D) 27a Harufa and the men run out. Sinbad holds long enough for Soxurah to run by, then turna and follows. In the bege,
8) 5) text: He pauses in front of the camera to look back at the Cycl 2.3. «es as he does, Sinbad runs into him, kmocking him o Sokurah recovers and runs into the protection of some roc
9) 2) text: Harufa dodges the moving foot of the giant. Sinbad and Al hack at the Gyclops with their sworda.. .
9) 5) text: Cyclops picks up Harufa and examines him and sees he is n Sokurah, then flings him down toward Sinbad. .
9) 6) text: Harufa's body is thrown into scene hitting Sinbad. The tw bodies strike the rocks knocking Harufa unconscious,
9) 12) text: Sinbad drags the fallen Harufa out of the path of the adv Cyclops. As the Cyclops nears them, the rolling ball of f speeds betwoen them, sending up in its path a shimmering wall of force. The ball of fire dissolves inte nothingnes as it peaches the rocky cliff. CLOSE SHOT (H-S-D) 39. Tne Genie has returned to the lamp. MEDIUM SHOT (H-S-D) 4o The Cyclops stands hammering futilely at the shimmering w of forces
9) 18) text: 14 “yo MEDIUM SHOT SINBAD SOKURAH AND OTHERS (S) 41 As Sinbad struggles with the groggy Harufa, Solkurah runs carrying the lamp.
9) 19) dialog: You'll be safe aboard my shipee. Lend a hand, will you...? Sokurah helps to support Harufa and together the trio rac across the beach towards the longboat.
10) 0) text: h2 MEDIUM SHOT THE THREE SAILORS ha They look off, reacting with terror at the Cyclops and th fleeing Sinbad. They quickly push the boat into the water 42a MEDIUM SHOT SINBAD AND SOKURAH (S) . kaa as they wade out into the water and are helped aboard the The crew pulls lustily for the ship.
11) 3) dialog: He's lucky to escape with that <= What strange power restrainas that monster?
11) 5) dialog: If your lamp has such powers, why did you not destroy the monster?
13) 0) text: 4s MEDIUM SHOT SINBAD AND OTHERS 4s
13) 1) dialog: We'll reach the safety of my ship ina -- (looking up and reacting) Look out! The huge rock (prop) crashes into the sea on the far side the boat, capsizing it, and tumbling the men into the wat (Effects Department Note: Rig dynamite cap in water for explosion). 6 DOWN SHOT SINBAD AND MEN (S) 4ée- | atruggling in water. Sokurah, makes a frantic effart to hold of the lamp, but he cannot swim. As he sinks beneath the surface, he loses the lamp and it sinks into the dept
16) 0) text: a) LONG SHOT SINBAD SOXURAH AND MEN (S) ug as Sinbad comes to the surface with the half-drown Sokura He joins the crew in swimming toward the ship, towing Sok with him.
18) 8) dialog: (turning) -- and is our man of magic content? Sinbad looks over to the prostrate form of Sokurah on the deck (out of scene). .
18) 15) text: Sinbad sits at his captain's table. Sokurah stands at the cabin window, looking out to sea. Parisa and Sadi are sea watching interestedly. Sokurah appears fully recovered fr his drowning. Sinbad, plotting his ship's position on a m tesses his dividers down.
18) 16) dialog: You forget one thing, my friend. The Cyclops will be on guard nOWeee Besides their great strength, they have the magic lamp as well.
18) 23) dialog: Who are you?
18) 25) dialog: What are you then -=- a magician?
18) 34) text: am * THE 7fH VOYAGE OF SINBAD Revised Page oo 20 duly 5, 1957
18) 36) dialog: Your ambition has nearly cost us our lives already.
18) 38) dialog: We are on an important mission for the Caliph of Bagdad. ro
18) 39) text: Parisa turns a pleasant look to Sinbad. 60 CLOSE SHOT SINBAD (x) 60 SINBAD © Our presence theré means the difference between war and peace. I'11 not risk it by turning back. That is my final word. A storm of frustration surges in Sokurahe window.
18) 47) dialog: (smiling) I doubt it. Come, I'll show you to your quarters, With fair winda, we will reach port in five days. Sokurah bows to Parisa and Sadi, then follows Sinbad out. . DISSOLVE TOs 1
20) 0) text: 6h UP ANGLE CROW'S NEST SINBAD 6h, He sights to the east. SINBAD ‘ (calling) Land hot The towers of Basrai
21) 1) text: Harufa is at the wheel of the ship. Sinbad slides down tn vigging:rope, dropping beside him.
21) 2) dialog: Run up the blue pennant to the sop gallant that swift riders may be dispatched to Bagdad. fhe city will be rejoicing when we arrive. t HARUPA Aye, my Captain.
21) 3) text: ee) am : TIE 7TH VOYAGE OF BInkAL . Revised Pago -- 22 daly 5, 1957 6s CONTINUED: 6s Harufa sets off to carry out Sinbad's order. .
24) 0) text: 7. SINBAD AND PARISA (Y¥) “FL Sinbad smiles happily; Parisa reacts with amazement to th joyful welcome they are receiving.
24) 2) dialog: (modestly) The people rejoice for the news I bring: Peace between your father's kingdom and ours.
24) 4) dialog: I love you because I cannot do otherwise. Your eyes are mightier than all your father's armies. Parisa smiles, She kisses Sinbad -= they both laugh happi Sound of the oes. celebrationa rises to a crescendo as we
25) 1) text: The Caliph stands before the entrance, attended by severa slaves and palace dignitaries, Sinbad leads Parisa to gre the Caliph. The Caliph opens his arms in a welcoming gest
25) 3) dialog: Princess Parisa, the daughter of the Sultan of Chandra...pledged to be my bride... a symbol of lasting friendship between our Kingdoms. CALIPH ‘ ‘ (pleased; reacting) Welcome as a daughter, my child, for I love Sinbad as my own son.
25) 11) dialog: A strange voyage and a strange tale it is, my Caliph. f~ DISSOLVE TO:
26) 1) text: A Nubian slave strikes the gong and Sokurah -~ now magnif - cently dressed in a long black robe -- enters through t curtains and moves to where the Caliph, Sinbad and Parisa seated together on mats at a low table, dining in the man of the Easte Sokurah bows before the Caliphe
26) 6) text: am THE 7TH VOYAGE OF SINBAD Revised Page -- 25 daly 5, 1957
27) 0) text: 7h ANOTHER ANGLE FEATURING SINBAD 7h
27) 1) dialog: Tales of our voyage have already spread through Bagdad. No one
27) 2) text: dm THE 7TH VOYAGE OF SINBAD Revised Page o- 26 July 5, 1957 rm Th CONTINUED : 7h SINBAD (cont'd) ~ but a madman would ever sail a ship back to Colossa.
27) 3) text: The man, Sokurah, glares darkly at Sinbad for his adverse comment.
30) 0) text: 8h. FULL SHOT SULTAN CALIPH AND OTHERS 8h. * The Sultan and the Caliph are seated side by side at th banquet table, with Sinbad and Parisa next to them. The remains of the feast are being cleared away by a group of attendants, and the palace musicians are playing in the b
30) 14) text: 874 CLOSE SHOT SULTAN AND SINBAD \ %,' 87k The Sultan registers mild intereste .
30) 19) dialog: It is. She has agreed to be the magician's subject.
30) 46) text: As Sadi struggles helplessly in the coils, the two guards move in to help. One of them raises the axe as if he woul cut the serpent in two, but Sokureah quickly takes off hi and throws it over Sadi. There is a flash of light; a whi cloud of smoke envelops Sadi. TWO SHOT SINBAD AND PARISA (¥) 107 as they react, Parisa rising, showing great alarms
30) 68) text: They are seated very close together now. Sinbad has his a around Parisa, and her head rests on his shoulder. She is Pleasantly excited at the coming prophecy.
30) 69) dialog: Perhaps Sokurah can foretell the years of our happiness -=
30) 90) text: as Sinbad leaps across the table, kicks over the brazier glowing coals and hurls the magician to the floor. It is as though he has broken an evil spell. Lights come up, an the ominous hush is broken by the babble of voices. CAMER PANS with Sinbad as he turns to the Caliph and the Sultan
30) 92) dialog: I could not bear to have this charlatan frighten the Princess. The magician gets slowly to his feet, trying to conceal h rage beneath a surface of wounded dignity. He bows stiffl toward the Caliph. .
30) 102) text: As he receives this sentence his features grow cold with restrained rage. Two guards start to escort Sekuran out o the room. With a final venomous glare at Sinbad, the magi turns and moves off quickly between the guards.
31) 0) text: 121 REDIUM SHOT SINBAD AND PARISA t21 as Sinbad leads Parisa to the doorway of her chambers. Th pause outaide the door, and Sinbad takes Parisa's hands i hise .
31) 1) dialog: Goodnight... Though I wish the night were gona.
31) 3) dialog: «+. She was indeed tranaformed tonight by the magician. Suppose that his prophecyece '
31) 14) text: A number of attendants are present, making final preperat for the wedding, which is to be held in the throne room. Caliph 4a gesturing, talking with Sinbad and the Sultan.
31) 22) dialog: (reacting) She does not answer?
32) 3) dialog: (calling) Parisai... Princessl Hardly pausing for an answer, he hurls his shoulder again the door. It gives slightly. He crashes against the door again and the lock shatters. With a final blow he hurls t door open. INT. PARISA’S CHAMBERS (Y)
32) 5) dialog: Parisal Whore are you?
32) 21) text: as Sinbad kmeels beside the bed, bringing his face close the pillow. His expression slowly changes from diabelief to stunned and sorrowful acceptance.
32) 22) dialog: (softly) It's true... It is you, my darling. Parisa nods, unable to speak for emotion. Sound of a commotion in the corridor o.s. and of people entering.
33) 2) text: as they enter, followed shortly by Sadi. Sinbad stands to meet them.
33) 16) dialog: Do not let your mistress out of your sight. Sinbad moves quickly to the door. CAMERA PANNING to SHOW his exit. Sound of the Caliph pleading and Sultan threate ing continyed o.s.
34) 0) text: 1h2 ANOTHER ANGLE SINBAD AND GUARD . w2 as Sinbad runs toward camera, bringing himself to a halt before a doorway leading onto the corridor. The doorway is open. Sinbad peers in briefly, then turns to a palace ) guard atanding at attention near the doorway. oo mda
34) 3) dialog: The magician -- where is he?
35) 3) dialog: The Princess Parisa .o.. She has become --
35) 5) dialog: Tell me -- can you help her?
35) 8) dialog: If she can be helped, I will do anything!
35) 10) text: mda THE 7TH VOYAGE OF SINBAD Revised Page -- daly 5, 1957
35) 12) dialog: I'll answer to the Caliph for ° that. Now come, quickly! Sokurah hesitates a second, then nods his calm acceptance Sinbad begins hurrying him back toward the palace as we:
36) 0) text: Uy MEDIUM SHOT CALIPH hh The Caliph sits disconsolately on “the edge of the bed, h head in his hands, Sinbad and the magician appear at the door and enter. Sinbad looks around quickly, sees that Parisa, Sadi and the Sultan are gone. The Caliph searcely glances up at their intrusion,
36) 1) dialog: Where are they? -- Where is the Princess?
36) 3) dialog: He returned at my bidding, 0 Caliph. He claims with good fortune the Princess can be restored in a month. The Caliph reacts to this news. Slowly he stands, facing Sinbad and Sokurah.
36) 8) dialog: (determined) If it is a month we need -- a month we shall have!
36) 11) text: fxm THE 7TH VOYAGE OF SINBAD Revised Page -- hh? July 5, 1957
37) 2) text: as Sinbad runs up the gangway, pausing to look around as comes onto the deck.
37) 4) dialog: Waitt 148 MEDIUM SHOT SULTAN AND SINBAD (S) (c &) 148 as they move te meet each other. The Sultan is very grim and angrye
37) 6) dialog: Kill me if you wish... Will that restore your daughter?.
37) 8) dialog: With the help of Allah, yesi
37) 10) dialog: If you take the Princess now, you will never know if I lie or speak the truth. But leave her here with me and within one month she shall be well and happye
37) 14) text: as the Sultan steps close to Sinbad, glaring at him.
37) 24) dialog: Qur thanks, mighty Sultans Parisa looks up at him lovingly.
37) 29) dialog: (to Sokurah) Tell us quickly, what must be done.
37) 31) dialog: Then mix the potion with no more delaye
37) 33) dialog: (reacting) The monstrous bird which nests in the peaks of Colossa? CLOSE SHOT soxURAH |S) 157
37) 35) text: Sinbad and the Caliph grimly stare at Sokurah for a momen
37) 41) dialog: (to Sokurah) We will need your for the giant crossbow. (to Caliph) The palace jeweler can make a tiny home for the princessSe
37) 44) dialog: The bravest of my former men will sail with me.
37) 47) dialog: I*til find them -- where men fear the headman*s axe more than the cyclopse
39) 3) text: On a raisad platform at one side of the courtyard, Sinbad and Harufa stand with several armed prison guards and a colorfully uniformed attendant from the Caliph's palace. The attendant raises a long trumpet and blows a fanfare o the kind used to announce official proclamations, The prisoners become quiet, and Sinbad steps forward on the platform.
39) 4) dialog: I am Captain Sinbad... I am here with an offer of fresdom for those with the courage to take itl!
39) 5) text: as they react to Sinbad's words. A low laugh of disbelief and derision sweeps over them. CAMERA PANS SLOWLY over th sea of faces, as seen by Sinbad. The prisoners are withou exception a grim, hardened, violent lot. CAMERA HOLDS on the toughest of the entire group -- a large, brawny man w a tarred pigtail and a pock-marked face. Tnis is KHARIM, leader of the prisoners and their spokesman.
39) 7) dialog: I have come to raise a crew for @ hard and dangerous voyage to the Island of Colossa 165 AND 166 OMITTED.
39) 14) dialog: I offer you a full pardon. °
39) 17) dialog: I fought with the Cyclops and here I stand -- alive as you} (pointing to Harufa) This man was at my side, and he sails with me again. SCENE 170 OMITTED. 171
39) 18) text: The men gather in a large group, talking and mttering amo themselves. Sinbad and Harufa stand fast, gazing over the Finally the prisoners look up at Sinbad again.
39) 19) dialog: Well, we need five and twenty men, What'il it be -- Freedom -- or the sharp edge of the headsman's axe?
39) 26) text: Sinbad and the Caliph are on deck watching the last of th supplies being loaded. In the background, a number of sailors are struggling with a huge oversize arrow which they are bringing on board,
39) 27) dialog: (calling to the men) Take it forward -- and lash it down with the rest. The men carry the great arrow past camera as the Caliph turns to look at them.
39) 29) dialog: (tight smile) On this voyage, courage is the only virtue required. It out- weighs all vices. SCENES 172A, 172B, 173 AND 17) OMITTED.
39) 32) dialog: (calling) Cast off the starboard bow linese. Hoist the mains'i!
41) 2) dialog: Tam here, Parisa -=
41) 9) dialog: I fear it may be a long and tedious voyage for you.
41) 15) dialog: They are not the only danger -= We must sail uncharted waters, with a doubtful crew. Sinbad'a finger‘ traces the map.
41) 26) text: She walks along the edge of the map, following Sinbad's finger. .
41) 29) dialog: I do not trust them out of my sight... op in it. CAMERA MOVES to a CLOSEUP of Sinbad. There is deep forbod in his eyes. DISSOLVE TO;
42) 13) text: Taw Tie 7TH VOYAGE Or SINBAD . Revised Page <= July 5, 1957 180C CLOSE SHOT SOKURAH (S) 180¢ listening.
43) 4) dialog: I had Harufa search the men. All weapons have been locked in the forward cabin. Without knives or’ swords, they can do nothing. We've sailed a week already. in a few more days we should reach the island.
43) 9) text: Sinbad moves from the door to his table which is set with the mid-day meal. As he sits down, Parisa ventures out of her jewled case and sits on the cork of Sinbad's wine bot Sinbad, starts to eat, but puts down his food.
43) 11) dialog: ee» LT shall be glad when we arrive.
43) 15) text: as she walks up from the cork to Sinbad's plate. She sits on the rim of the plate.
43) 18) dialog: A diamond is a tiny thing...yet it is very precious...and beautiful. He moves a hand towards Parisa.
43) 19) text: Sinbad places his hand on the table near Parisa, and she gently lays her hand on one of his fingers. Suddenly ther is a sound of a crash up on the deck, followed by running footsteps and the clash of swordsplay. Sinbad leaps up, overturning his chair,
43) 20) dialog: Quickly -- Princess... CLOS= SHOT DOWN ANGLE TABLE TOP PARISA . 194. as she leaves her table, dashes to the jewel box and clim into it quickly. She closes the lid,
44) 5) text: * She looks out from her jewelled case, then suddenly her is attracted to the skylight above Sinbad. 195¢ UP SHOT THE SKYLIGHT 1956 as two mutineers crash through it and plummet down past c ina shower of glass. (Effects Dept: Check candy glass in Spain.
44) 6) text: Sinbad, forewarned, leaps safely aside, whirling a chair the oncoming Golar as he does. The two new assailants dro into the scene. Sinbad, his sword drawn, engages them.
44) 8) text: y Sinbad is giving a good account of himself. He runs one
44) 9) text: the men through, and is about to account for the second. Golar starts for Sinbad. 195G CLOSE DOWN SHOT ON TABLE PARISA 195¢ ! She sees Golar advancing on Sinbad and tries to attract : attention -- by jumping up and down and shouting.
44) 11) text: Golar is about to bring his club down when he is attracte Parisa's voice. He turns and looks -= unable to believe h eyes. He reaches out for Parisa but she runs inte her cas Sinbad turns in time to deliver a stunning blow te Golar. drops to the floor. Sinbad picks up the jewelled case, pockets it, then runs for the cabin door.
45) 0) text: “7+ 196 FULL SHOT CREW AND MUTINEERS 196 The faithful men of Sinbad's former crew, armed with swor are giving a good account of themselves against the mutin
45) 5) text: Harufa, armed, is fighting gamely against a number of mut The door to the passage-way bursts open, and Sinbad huris himself into the fight. Sinbad slashea a rope, bringing a sail canvas down upon the confused mutineers. The balance of power is not heavily in favor of Harufa and Sinbad. Th rout the mutineers. Sinbad runs after them, stopping in front of the camera in a CLOSE SHOT. The exultation of victory drains from his faces 198 AND 199 OMITTED.
45) 9) dialog: Do not kill himt (throws down his sword) Harufa, we must give up.
47) 0) text: 20h, FULL SHOT MUTINEERS AND CAPTIVES 20h, as the few faithful of Sinbad's crew consider this altern
47) 7) text: The mutineers greet Kharim's orders with a shout of joy. Knarim herds Sinbad and Harufa down the steps to the main deck, then pushes Sokurah after them, but Sokurah stops a the top of the steps, lifting his head toe shout over the mutineerse
48) 1) text: Lignting is very low key, coming from a barred hatchway s where above. The hold is barren except for two rough wood benches built out from the slanting walls. The three men facing one another. Harufa scowls, then turns to Sinbad.
48) 4) dialog: What makes you so certain?
48) 7) dialog: We must tear strips from our . clothing to stuff our ears.
48) 12) dialog: Here... If we wax the cloth, it will stop most of the sound. Sinbad rips a strip of cloth from the hem of his cloak, a pegins waxing the cloth with the candle stub.
49) 11) dialog: The sound penetrates, in spite of all -- and the sea grows rougher.
56) 2) text: as Sinbad, the magician and Harufa emerge onto the quarte . deck and begin to take charge. Harufa yanks the numbed f~ helmsman from the wneel and sends him spinning across the geck, Sinbad seizes the wheel and turns it hard to the le The magician and Harufa crouch close to Sinbad, shouting each other's ears to be heard.
58) 1) text: Sokuran peers over the rail, waves a warning gesture to Sinbad. Sinbad responds by turning the wheel quickly to t pight.
63) 1) text: as Harufa gestures wildly, pointing o.s. Sinbad whirls th wheel to tne left, then holds it steady. Their faces show the great strain they are under.
66) 2) text: ep THE 7TH VOYAGE OF SINBAD Revised Page -= 76 July 5, 1957
66) 4) dialog: (shouting) All right, all hands look alive now! The crewmen stir themselves, getting slowly to their feet still very weak and shaken.
66) 6) dialog: (pointing) There lies the leader of your mutiny. Wrap him in his hammock and throw him over the side} SCENES 23 AND 2h) OMITTED,
66) 7) text: 77 2h CONTINGED: 2 . Lats | SINBAD (cont'd) ~ (turning to Harufa) . j teer a course west-nortm sth oe Sharp lookout for the peak. ¢ Colossal
66) 21) dialog: (warm smile) I know, my friend -- but you are more valuable here. He claps Harufa warmly on the shoulder.
66) 22) dialog: (to Sokurah) Everything is in readiness, We leave as soon as it is dark,
66) 26) text: Dwarfed by the immense scale of the stone carving, Sinbad Seokurah and the men stand facing it.
66) 27) text: Sinbad and Sokurah stand together before the men. The lig of their torches flickers fitfully over their faces. Sinb looks up at the night sky, takes a meaning look at Sokura then moves off towards the stone head. Reluctantly, the m [~- follow -- the tenseness plainly visible on their face pass Sokurah's toreh in turn.
67) 9) text: a) SINBAD a Then we must cross the valley | of the cyclops...
67) 11) dialog: Good -- I agree. A smaller band ' of men may more easily elude the eye of the giants.
68) 14) text: CAMERA PANS FROM the waterfall to a FULL SHOT of Sinbad a his men standing in the clearing. Sinbad is gazing up at immense overscale barbecue. All around him are overscale evidences of the Cyclops -- among them, a crude stool bef the barbecue -- the seat of which is shoulder high to Sin Suddenly he hears a faint sound.
68) 15) dialog: (whispering to his men) Wait here. Sinbad moves off in the direction of the sound. SCENE 263 OMITTED. 26h,
68) 31) dialog: (quietly) Sh-h-h. Quiet! What are you doing. here?
68) 33) dialog: Let us get back to the others... Wa must be gone before the Cyclops returns. Stealthily, they move out.
68) 36) dialog: They were here a moment ago...
68) 39) text: o~ Harufa looks around more frightened than ever, . SINBAD . (continuing) See if you can find them... Sinbad starts off in one direction. CAMERA FOLLOWS Harufa he moves toward the waterfall. He looks behind 1t -- then disappears from view. .
68) 43) text: Hoarded in immense profusion are great quantities of diam and jewels, magnificent strands of pearls and emeralds -- priceless goblets and objects of gold and silver -- laces tapestries, all manner of wealth. The men of Sinbad's gro crazed with new-found riches, are stuffing gold coins and jewels into their shirts and pockets, until it seams they hold no more. One of them is staggering under the weight two trunks of treasure which he can barely support.
68) 54) text: as Sinbad strides across toward the massive pile of treas trunks. He seizes the first man, tearing the heavy strand of pearls from his neck and slapping the gold cnalices ou his arms.
68) 55) dialog: Out of here -=- all of you! There will be time for treasure after we finish our mission, He hurls the crewman, JAPA, over toward the doorway. Then dives upon the next sailor, upsetting the heavy chests on his back, The sailor starts to fight Sinbad.
68) 56) dialog: Quti Or by Allah, I'll run you through! CLOSE SHOT THE CREWMAN JAPA (S) ° 26LL He picks himself up and hurls nimself into the fray, CAME PANNING WITH him. Harufa drops his armful of treasure and dives in to help Sinbad. Suddenly there is a great grindi sound, and a shaft of light spreads into the dimly lit ro The men all stop fighting and look up.
68) 59) dialog: Quick -- the door -- Run for it! Tne men race toward the space between the rocks.
68) 61) text: Snooting out toward waterfall. As the men are about to ga their freedom, the great foot of the Cyclops pounds down sealing the exit. Sinbad turns up toward the Cyclops -- h sword ready to fight to the death. The sailors look up horrified.
71) 0) text: 275 276 EXT. MEDIUM CLOSE SHOT SINBAD 27h He crouches against the side of the rock. The hand of the Cyclops moves into scene, awkwardly groping. As it draws near Sinbad, he raises his sword and plunges it into the Sound of a great bellow of rage and pain from the Cyclops Tne hand is yanked back for a second, then reaches quickl grabbing Sinbad by the leg, and dragging nim from the tre store.
71) 1) text: as the Cyclops holds Sinbad up, shaking him roughly. He drops Sinbad into the wooden cage.
71) 4) text: On a rocky ledge above the clearing and some distance awa the Magician crouches, watening the capture of Sinbad’s m by the Cyclops.
73) 3) dialog: (grimly) He is building a fire <= to prepare his dinner. The men look at each other, then Harufa turns in horror t look towards the top of the cage.
78) 1) text: as they react to seeing their comrade o.s. roasted alive, Sinbad climbs up one of the poles which make the side of cage.
78) 2) dialog: Lend a hand --- perhaps I can open the latch... The men boost him up. Sinbad stretches to reach the latch
78) 3) text: as Sinbad's extended fingers stretch vainly to touch the lateh --- just barely out of his reach. EXT, ROCKY LEDGE - (Ss) C4)
78) 5) text: Sinbad is still straining for the latch when he looks 0.8 to see Sokurah sneaking along past the base of the barbec Sinbad drops to the floor of the cage and calls softly to Solmrah. .
78) 6) dialog: Sokurah! --- There is a lateh on top of the cage --- open At ase
78) 7) text: cp TIE 7TH VOYAGE OF SiNBAD Revised Page -= = 92 . duly 5, 1957
78) 8) text: ) He puts nis finger to his lips as if to tell Sinbad to a quiet. Then moves off quietly in the direction of the treasure store. SCENE 293 OMITTED.
78) 10) dialog: He leaves us to share the fate of Harufa. But we shall escape.
78) 12) text: Never reveal what you are about to sea. et. rn KR THIRD CREWMAN Anything <= only save us. Sinbad reaches inte the pocket of his cloak and takes out the tiny jeweled case containing Parisa, The erewmen look at it, then at each other, as though to ask if Sinbad is crazy. Sinbad opens the box,
78) 13) text: ' as Sinbad holds the box in his hand. Parisa stands,
78) 15) text: as Sinbad holds Parisa in the palm of one hand, speaking softly to her.
78) 16) dialog: (whispering) The top of this cage is fastened by a wooden peg. See if you can release it,
78) 22) text: Sinbad slips Parisa through the wooden bars of the cage, lifting her up onto the solid lid.
78) 23) text: She steps off Sinbad's hand and moves’ across the top of cage.
82) 4) dialog: to men) : Quickly... the cyclops has gone. (to Parisa) Stand clear of the door, Princess. (to men) Lift me up. The two crewmen each take one of Sinbad's feet, lifting h up. He begins to push against the lid of the cage, forsin t open. Sinbad crawle out;, then reaches down to help the next man up.
82) 18) text: Sinbad and the two men are out of the cage. The men are sliding down the outside of the cage. Sinbad puts Parisa . in the jewelled case. . . a
82) 19) dialog: (to Parisa in box) : Hold tight, Princess -- He puts ¢he case into his sash and runs to the barbecue.
82) 21) dialog: Courage, Harufa... (6 the men) Throw off the fire brands. The men busily. throw the burning wood down to the ground below. Sinbad climbs one of the forked sticks and inches out on the barbecue spit, He starts to untie Harufa's bon Suddenly he hears a bellowing. He looks off.
83) 1) text: Sound of the approaching cyclops grows rapidly louder. Th crewmen jump to the ground. Sinbad continues to untie Har
83) 3) text: . Sinbad sees Sokiran struck down. Suddenly he hears a so and looks off,, .
83) 9) text: Tne cyclops uproots ‘a tree with his hands, then uses it , a plunger to flatten Golar. (See drawing 2703) The men : vehind him stagger to a halt, very much sobered, They t and run as the cyclops moves after them. . 318A CLOSE SHOT SINBAD (S) 318A . He jumps down from the barbecue and runs to Sokurah.
83) 12) text: as Sinbad pulls the fallen magician into the safety of th rocks.. The magician partly regains consciousness, making weak efforts to speak. .
83) 22) text: Several drunken crewmen lie dead on the ground. The other have scattered. The cyclops advances on Sinbad.
83) 23) text: as the hand of the cyclops reaches out for him, Sinbad do back into the narrow, rocky crevice. He holds the glowing torch above his head, pressing himself flat against the r
83) 24) text: The cyclops is on hands and kmees, peering into the crevi of rock, looking for Sinbad.
83) 40) text: Hands outstretened, he stumbles about -- feeling for the possible hiding place of sinbad. SCENE 330 OMITTED. 3321 332
83) 43) text: He nas just released Harufa, wno is weak and blackened, Sinbad seas the danger to the magician. He jumps down to Ground, picks up a stick, and beats on the cyclops! leg w it.
83) 48) dialog: Here! Here I amt *
83) 49) text: as the cyclops hears Sinbad's voice and turns toward it, listening. His hand remains poised a few feet above the helpless magician, Sinbad shouts again.
83) 50) dialog: Here -- this wayl Try to catch meat With a snarling growl, the cyclops turns and moves toward Sinbad's voice, groping blindly among the rocks. Sinbad turns and climbs swiftly up a trail toward the top of the rock ledge.
84) 0) text: 33k MOVING SHOT SINBAD AND CYCLOPS (H-S-D) 33h as Sinbad comes out on top of the rock formation and begi , to run away from the clearing. The cyclops scrambles up “\n over the rocks onto the top, remaining on hands and k Groping after Sinbad, Sinbad takes a long pole from the g and hits the cyclops across tne hand with it, The cyclops makes a grab, but Sinbad eludes him, laugning and moving The cyclops stands, moving awkwardly after the sound.
85) 1) text: as Sinbad leads the cyclops across the high plateau towar a long inlet of the sea, making noise with nis feet or beating on the ground with a branch whenever the cyclops lags or turns aside.
85) 3) dialog: You're coming closer! A little further now!
85) 8) text: Sinbad stands poised on the edge of the rocks, As the cyc seems about to crush him, Sinbad jumps aside, running dir batween the cyclops! legs. The cyclops lunges forward, plunging off the cliff, his great limbs outspread, his vo bellowing in a growing crescendo of fear.
86) 5) text: CAMERA PANS down from the landmark which marks the trail leading to the Roc bird nests. Survivors of the encounter with the cyclops have gathered in a small group around a sheltered campfire. Those who were in the drunken ‘group look and act miserable, squatting with their heads in the hands, There are about six men remaining, besides the ma- gician and Sinbad, whom we see in the f.g. Sinbad holds t lamp. The magician motions to Sinbad, and theywithdraw fr the group a short distance. TWO SHOT SINBAD AND SOKURAH c 8) 3h2 as they pause to talk.
86) 7) dialog: If you wish the Genie's pro- tection, you may have it -- by telling me the words which will summon him,
86) 9) dialog: How can I? When I called you to open the cage you made no attempt to free us. The lamp is more important to you than our lives. ANOTHER ANGLE FEATURING SOKURAH (Ss) ‘2 &) 3h3 He reacts to Sinbad's accusation with an expression of wr imnocence. He puts on his most persuasive manner.
86) 12) text: np THE 7Til VOYAGE OF SINBAD . Revised Page -- 102 July 5, 1957 Pp 3hy ANOTHER ANGLE FEATURING SINBAD (S) 3hy as He studies the magician for a long moment, hefting the Lt in-his hands. The magician glances from the lamp back ~ Sinbad. : . SINBAD ‘ A fair enough reason... I do. not understand the power of this lamp, but if we need it, it shall be safely in my grasp. Sokurah looks grim and then quickly changes his expressio to one of friendly agreement.
87) 0) text: 350 MEDIUM SHOT SINBAD AND MEN “350 , aa they toil upward. Sinbad carries the lamp. The trail 1
87) 7) text: They are still climbing. Tho trail has becomo narrower, a the rock slopes more steeply. Sinbad is leading thon grou climbing toward camora. ile covers a particularly rough atroteh of trail, thon waves a gosturo of warning to Soku following him. In spite of Sinbad's warning, Sekurah atep on a loose rock, it twists under him and falls over the side. Sinbad seizes the man's wrist and pulls him to safe
87) 8) text: as it bounds down the steep rock face, smashing on an out cropping far below. f~wO SHOT SINBAD AND SOKURAH (S) 353 reacting to the signt of the falling rock. Sokuran is whi and snaken at his narrow escape. Sinbad gives him a momen to recover, then leads the way upward again. .
88) 0) text: 35h MEDIUM SHOT SINBAD AND MEN 35h, at a place where a rocky ledge forms a wide spot in the t inbad and the others atop to rest. The men drop to the ground and stretch out wearily. Sinbad stands among then, passing out a ration of dry ship's biscuit.
88) 1) dialog: Here we will rest and eat. We must be sparing with our provisions, One of the crewmen, a lean, hawk-faced man, gives a short bitter laugh, This is RAJAN.- Sinbad turns toward him, an he holds up half of a dry ship's biscuit.
88) 3) dialog: Wa have no more. All was lost in the battle with the cyclops...
88) 4) text: cp 10h » 354. CONTINUED: =, , 35h oe SINBAD (cont'd) Now eat and give thanks. Soon . we climb again. Rajan throws the ship's biscuit over the cliff, a dark scowl on his face,
89) 3) text: CAMERA HOLDS on a very narrow spot along the rock ledge a i first Sinbad and then another crewman succeed in crossi spot. After them comes Rajan. te nesitates fearfully, the | starts across. Losing his balance, he grabs a projectin rock, but it comes loose in his hand. He teeters on the edge for an instant, then plunges backward off the cliff with a piercing scream. i
90) 1) text: “ ) Sinbad leads the group through a cleft in the rocks o re smali flat clearing near the top of the peaks. The cle is open on one side, falling away steepily. The other tnr sides ara shielded by large rocks with crevices large eno to hide a man.
90) 2) dialog: (pointing o.s.) Look -- we have reached our goal.-
90) 3) text: At the far side of the clearing, in a low,nest of twigs a small branches is the huge egg of the Roc. it stands tall than a man's head. Sinbad and his men move into the scene examining the egg with interest. Sinbad lays his head aga the side of the egg, listening, showing surprise.
90) 4) dialog: There is something moving insidel
90) 9) dialog: Why so? We need a piece of this . eggshell.,. We have found it.
91) 1) text: as the magician confronts Sinbad, his face gravee
91) 3) dialog: Hungry men are not easily governed. They do not ask, they take, He is interrupted by sound of startled reaction from the erewnen as they succeed in breaking open the egg. Sindad and Sokurah both look toward it. MEDIUM SHOT BABY ROC AND CREWMEN (H~S-D) 36h fne snell has split wide, and from it rolls the grotesque two-headed chick of the giant Roc. The baby bird is as la as two or three of the crewmen together.
91) 8) dialog: Let them roast their bird and eat. Come -- we must break off a piece of the shell. Sinbad and Sokurah start to move off toward the egg.
91) 9) text: as Sinbad breaks off a portion of the eggshell, then hand part of it to tho magician. The chick has been slain, and is seen in the b.g. The men pull the spears from its body
91) 10) dialog: (handing shell) fake this. The Princess mst be restored without delay --
91) 13) dialog: How long will it take?
91) 15) dialog: t+ that is at the edge of the t Cyclops domain... What protects 1 your castle from them?
92) 0) text: 370 M=DiUM CLOSE SHOT SINBAD 370 He sits within sound of the men in the clearing, and they can be heard in the b.g. He reaches into the pocket of hi cloak, pulls out the jeweled case and opens it.
93) 1) text: . Sha smiles and stretches her arma to Sinbad o.s. in gre ‘PARISA Tnank you, Sinbad. I'm glad to breathe the fresh air.
94) 1) text: Parisats case rests on the flat shelf of rock. Sinbad's face is brought close to her.
94) 5) dialog: I do not trust the magician... Our only nold on him is this magic lamp -- and ne, alone, knows tha secret of its power.
94) 20) dialog: But is it possible?
94) 22) dialog: All right. But if all is not . : well, you must call quickly and I will get you out again.
94) 25) text: Snea smiles at Sinbad, then slowly lowers herself through opening down into the spout of the lamp (very large secti of upper portion of lamp). The opening is just large enou to accommodate her body. She lowers herself until only ne hands show above the rim of the spout. MEDIUM CLOSE SHOT SINBAD (S) 378° as he crouches anxiously over the lamp, nis face close to
94) 26) text: 110 » 378 CONTINUED: 378 oa SINBAD * Are you all right, Parisa?
96) 3) text: He looks axpectantly at the lamp when suddenly a wisp of mist issues from the spout. Sinbad comes alert.
96) 5) dialog: Did you find the Genie?
96) 12) dialog: (impatient to know the secrat) All right, we will help him, but tell me --
96) 14) text: He is still looking up at the sky, but at the same time i is obvious he is trying to eavesdrop on Sinbad and Parisa
96) 15) text: Sinbad leans down toward Parisa as sne speaks into his ea
96) 16) dialog: What are the magic words which will invoke the Genie?
96) 18) text: Captain Sinbad! As Sinbad starts to rise, Parisa drops 0.8.
96) 20) text: Sinbad stands, buckling the magic lamp to his waist. Soku eyes the lamp.
96) 34) text: Tae giant Roc nas settled to the ledge. One of her neads darts out toward tne group of men. As they retreat to the edge of the cliff, three of the men fall over - their scr fade into the distance. The other crewmen and Harufa swin feverishly at the bird with their sabers. CLOSER SHOT (H-S-D) hor as one of the huge neads darts into the scene grabbing on ef the crewmen in each of its great beaks. MEDIUM SHOT SINBAD MEN AND ROC (H-S-D) 4o2 As the sailor struggles in the beak of one head, the othe head attacks Harufa and the remaining sailor. ‘Sinbad run into scene slashing at the bird's neck. The bird drops. t limp bodies of the dead sailors from its beaks. CLOSE SHOT SOKURAH (S) ho2a - Flattened against a rock, his evil eyes seem to be urging the great bird on.
96) 37) text: as they battle. The giant bird knocks the remaining crewm down, ripping him with its sharp talons. He lies motionle and bleeding. . . CLOSE SHOT SINBAD (S) o2c He rubs the magic lamp. Near him, Harufa slashes at the bird.
96) 38) dialog: From the land beyond beyond == He takes a cut at the bird, then turns to call to Parisa.
96) 39) dialog: (continuing; calling) Parisa -- the magic words!
96) 43) dialog: From the world past hope and fear <=
96) 53) text: oes SINBAD (repeating). - ~ I bid you, Genie -- The beak fastens on Sinbad and the great bird soars upwar
96) 54) dialog: (continuing) Parisa -= Parisall hou CLOSE SHOT PARISA (D) (¥) hob Standing by her jeweled case. She calls out to Sinbad = loudly but vainly.
96) 56) text: rn Ee stands, sword in hand, looking up as the bird soars C carrying Sinbad.
97) 0) text: 408 UP ANGLE GIANT ROC (H-S-1) or (X-SKY) 408 as the bird soars upward. Sinbad still firmly in the Roc' beak. Passing a rock outeropping, it seizes a huge boulde ' in its talons, turning to circle back. hog MEDIUM SHOT HARUPA (S) 409 As tne dird starts to circle above him, he runs across th clearing. ) SCENES 410 AND 411 OMITTED © UP ANGLE GIANT ROC (H-S-D) or (X-SKY) 412 as the bird swoops down toward camera, releasing the nuge boulder from her talons.
97) 9) text: The nest is fully twelve feet in diameter. Camera starts an INSERT of the magic: lamp, then moves to Sinbad who li svill as death a few feet away. An eyelid flickers, then ne draws a deep shuddering breath. In another moment ne o his eyes, blinding to bring the world into focus. Then he reacts, remembering what has happened.
97) 14) text: A sheer drop of dizzy depths lies beneath him. . MEDIUM SHOT SINBAD (S) - ieip Ee picks up the lamp and starts carefully over the perilo edge of the Roc nest. FULL UP SHOT THE PEAKS OF COLOSSA (S) 42ic as the tiny figure of Sinbad picks its way to the rocky ridges below.
97) 18) dialog: (calling) Parisal... Princess! No answer but silence and a faint echo. Abruptly Sinbad's Pace changes; he remembers something.
97) 19) dialog: (calling; looking) Sokurah... Sokuran! CANERA PANS with Sinbad as he makes a quick circuit of th clearing, looking at each of the fallen crewmen, making s chat the magician is not among them. He turns and starts the short path to the high rocks of the lookout point. « HIGH ROCKS - (S) *2DIUM CLOSE SHOT SINBAD hah as he takes a quick glance around the lookout point for t magician, then pauses,thinking. His face shows his raaliz tion of what mist have happened. A wave of Gespain comes him and he sinks to a sitting position on a shelf of rock
97) 22) text: has 426 427 121 CONTINUED: hah For a long moment he seems utterly defeated, then his exp changes, hope growing once more. He realizes he is starin at the lamp fastened around his waist, and that Parisa ha him the words to inveke the Genie. ANOTHER ANGLE SINRAD AND LAMP 42s as Sinbad quickly unfastens his sash and removes the lamp placing 1t on tho rock shaif boforo him. Ilo pauses, thin ing, hard, moving his lips slightly in his effort to roca tho words said by Parisa just before the attack of the gi Roc.
97) 23) dialog: (naltingly) From the land beyond... beyond... He steps, shaking his head. He thinks another few seconds then apruptly smiles. He rubs the lamp vigorously three . times.
97) 24) dialog: (continuing) From the world past hope or fear, I bid you Genie, now appear!
97) 28) dialog: Tell me where is the Princess Parisa -- ?
97) 33) dialog: But how will I knoweeee. . Sinbad is interrupted by:
100) 1) text: now on the lower slopes. The trail is wider and less stee Sinbad is still moving rapidly, coming toward camera. He moves into a MEDIUM CLOSE SHOT, then pulls to a stop, bre hard, looking 0.38.
100) 3) text: Sinbad comes off the trail and moves along the foot of so jucting rocks. Suddenly Sinbad is enveloped by a blast of red flame wnich appears from behind the rock. The flame (flame to be snot against black) burns brightly for a mom “then disappears, leaving Sinbad unharmed.
100) 12) text: ew wee "Rovised Poza -- 12h July 5, 1957 ry 439 CONTINUED: 4.39 and away from them as they round the rock outcropping, br ing the cave entrance into view. Sinbad reacts.
100) 13) text: bho yo FULL SHOT WHAT SINBAD SEES CAVE ENTRANCE AND DRAGON (d A snort distance inside the cave entrance stands the huge and terrible dragon. It is almost as big as a cyclops and about twice as long. It is secured to one wall of the cav by a huge chain fastened around its neck. The cnain passe through a-hole in the wall of the cave. The dragon tugs a the chain, snarling and growling. The dragon releases ano blast of flame. bhi MEDIUM SHOT SINBAD AND GENIE (Y) 4h1 Sinbad is startled and impressed. He follows the Genie. EXf. NICHES IN ROCKS - DAY Lh MEDIUM SHOT BIG CHAIN WINCH (S) Lh2 . as Sinbad and the Genie move into the scene, approachin large wooden wheel (full-size prop) around which the heav chain is wrapped.
100) 15) text: by2a° REVERSE SHOT GENIZ (Y¥) y2a Lh23 MEDIUM SHOT WINCH 4h2B Sinbad places the lamp on the ground and begins to turn t large wheel, winding up the chain.
100) 17) text: bbb ANOTHER ANGLE (S) Leto Whan the chain is wound tight, Sinbad takes up the lamp a and moves off toward the cave entrance. EAT. Cave
100) 18) text: Ls MEDIUM SHOT SINBAD AND DRAGON (H-S-D) LS Tre dragon's head nas been pulled over tight against the
100) 20) text: 125 . kkS CONTINUED: : . kbs TAN wall into which the chain disappears. It 1s snarling ~ struggling futilely. Sinbad slips past the dragon, movi along the opposite wall, his sword drawn.
100) 21) text: as Sinbad reaches the inside wheel controlling the dragon chain. Ha turns the wheel, letting out the chain, allowin the dragon to move back into the center of the cave entra Tne task completed, he turns and looks deeper into the wi cavern, nis face showing awe and amazement.
101) 9) text: MEDIUM SHOT SINBAD (S) / 4s2 as he reacts to the sound of Parisats voice.
101) 13) text: Within the crystal wa see Sinbad run, then pause, listeni again.
101) 29) text: as they look into the crystal, watching Sinbad's approach
102) 4) text: as the door is thrown open and Sinbad strides ‘nto the ro nis sword held before him. CAMERA PANS with nim as he mov inte the room, oringing tne magician into the scene. Soku faces Sinbad, smiling coldly.
102) 5) dialog: (looking to Parisa) Are you harmed, Princess?
102) 8) text: 4o3 bok ANOTHER ANGLE FEATURING SINBAD (¥) . 463 as he looks from Parisa to Sokurah, tense with a restrain raga.
102) 10) dialog: You shall nave it wren we have .peached the safety of our snip.
102) 15) text: Sokurah mixes the eggshell into the potion, then points t @ spot about the middle of the floor of the case. ie stirs a mixture carefully in a low beaker. Sinbad moves into scene carrying Parisa (H-prop) in his hand.
102) 19) text: as Parisa moves to the spot indicated and lies down. MEDIUM SHOT SINBAD SOKURAH AND PARISA (MODEL) (¥) 471 Sinbad still holds his drawn sword and stands a short distance from Sokurah, keeping an eye on him. Sokurah Places tha baaker of powder he has mixed on the floor of tha case near Parisa. He then ignites the powder with a burning candle ho takes from the table. The powder sputte and burns, not unlike the candle which was at Parisa'’s rod whon she became small. The magician closes the top of the glass caso ovar Parisa. The burning powdor gives off a thick smoko which fills the inside of the case, ebscuring the tiny form of Parisa.
102) 21) dialog: (tense whisper) If this harms her, you are a dead man.
102) 24) dialog: Parisal
102) 32) dialog: (coming forward) I am here, my Princess. Sinbad takes her hand, lifting it in his. Parisa sees her hand and arm being upraised, seeming to realize for tne f time that she has returned to normal. She gives a ery of relief, then sits up, with Sinbad's help. Sinbad passes h arm around her shoulders, steadying her. Parisa seems alm overcome witn joy, but she gains strength quickly.
102) 35) dialog: You shall not have it before we stand safely on deck.
102) 43) text: Wnlie Sinbad holpy Parlsu from tno tabla, starting to loa nor across tho room toward the door. Sokurah turns to sta hard at the skoleton dangling from the rack,
102) 45) text: As Sinbad and Parisa pass near the rack, the skeleton suddenly drops to the floor. Parisa reacts with a startle ery and Sinbad turns to face the skaleton, which remains right befora them.
102) 48) text: as tha skeleton abruptly comes to lifa, lifting its sword and shield into position, making a deadly lunge at Sinbad Sinbad pushes Parisa aside to a position of safety, side- stepping the sword of the skeleton and bringing his own sword up to defend himself. The lamp is at Sinbad's waist but he fights vigerously, being driven backward toward th Goor of the lab.
102) 49) dialog: Parisa -- runt Parisa moves to the door and opens it, but she cannot for herself to leave Sinoad, nor to take her eyes from nim. A the skeleton forces Sinbad toward the door, she moves out closely followed oy the battling Sinbad and skeleton, the by Sokuran, still intently staring at the skeleton,
102) 52) text: as they move out of the lab and into the courtyard, the bastle continuing. Sokuran follows the skeleton, still directing it. The courtyard is bounded by crumbling walls and from its center a ruined spiral staircase curls upwar to end in mid-air. The skeleton forces Sinbad backward relentlessly, remaining unharmed even though Sinbad succe in passing his, sword completely through the fleshless ri caga. Sinbad begins to climb backward up the stairway, st parrying the thrusts of the skeleton.
103) 0) text: kh CLOS= SHOT PARISA (¥) 48k. reacting with fear at Sinbad's plight as he climbs backwa up the stairway. She starts to run up the stairway to fol Sinbad, but Sokurah grabs her by the arm, hurling her rou aside.
103) 2) text: The skeleton seems to fight with renewed fury as Sinbad m baclward up the last few steps. At last he stands on the step, fighting for his life. The skeleton makes a fierce lunge at Sinbad; Sinbad ducks under the skeleton's arms, ing the center-pillar of tne stairway, diving completely the skeleton and whirling to face him again. Tne position are now reversed. Witn half a dozen furious strokes of hi sword Sinbad forces tne skaleton up and off tne top step the ruined stairway. The skeleton plunges toward the rock of the courtyard.
103) 6) text: Sinbad sees Sokurah escaping; reacts. He lifts nis’ sword and hurls it at the fleeing Sokurah. :
103) 10) text: as he is pinned to the heavy door by Sinbad's thrown swor wnich passes through the folds of his cloak and sticks in she wood. ile struggles to escape, but the cloak is wrapp about him in such a way that he can neither get loose nor curn to reach the handle of the sword. Sinbad moves into scene, yanks the sword from the door and holds its point the magician's throat.
103) 11) dialog: You will betray us no more! Camei Sokurah faces Sinbad's determined stare and his last resistance melts. With a grimace of defeat he turns and moves ahead of Sinbad's sword, into the laboratory. INT. LABORATORY (¥) hoL
103) 14) dialog: You promised safe conduct to the ship, then tried to kill me... We owe you nothing! Sinbad takes Parisa's arm and they start to move off.
103) 16) dialog: (quick smile) I regret not doing this sooner. Ke and Parisa move off quickly. CAMERA MOVES IN to CLOSE of Sokurah staring balefully after them.
105) 12) text: svm 136 SCENES 1,98 THROUGH 507 OMITTED. INT. CAVERN NATURAL ARCH (H-S-D) , . SO7A WNEDLUM SHOT SINBAD AND PARISA So7a The thunderous roar, now multiplied a hundredfold as it echoes and reverbderates through the underground cave, re Sinbad and Parisa in a cataclysmic crescendo. A massive b of lightning strikes the natural bridge and a huge chunk the arch collapses into the flaming pit, leaving Sinbad a Parisa stranded on the castle side of the arch. S507B CLOSER SHOT SINBAD AND PARISA (¥) 5O7B as they look over the broken edge of the bridge. .
105) 13) dialog: We are trapped!
105) 26) text: Ha nurls one end of it upward, out over the flaming pit. -t= disappears o.s. and remains suspended by some unseen The Genie then hands the free end of the rope to Sinbad a disappears into the lamp.
105) 27) text: Sinbad seizes the end of tne golden rope.
105) 28) dialog: Hold tight, Parisa. He swings off.
105) 29) text: as Sinbad, with Parisa clinging to him, swings across the proken portion of the bridge to land safely on the far si
105) 30) text: as they land. Parisa stares into the flaming pit below he Sinbad notices her troubled expression.
105) 31) dialog: What is it, Princess?
105) 37) dialog: But if we lose his help now, we may never reach the snip alive...
105) 45) dialog: (pauses thoughtfully) Still, your promise must be kept. Parisa nods slowly in agreement. She lifts the lamp, hold it for a orief moment as if in goodbye, then tosses it in the pit.
105) 49) text: as ne crouches in an angle of tne rock, watening the flig of Sinbad and Parisa. When they have gone, he turns and moves off quickly, following another route toward the cav mouth.
105) 50) text: They have come to the inside winch which controls the cha holding the dragon. Sinbad turns the huge wooden wheel, winding the chain around the center of the winch.
107) 1) text: as Sinbad and Parisa edge past the dragon on the opposite side of the cave from it. The dragon's neck and head nave been pulled tight against the far wall. 52h TIGHT TWO SHOT SINBAD AND PARISA (Y) 52h. Tney have passed the dragon and are about to emerge into full light of the outdoors. Suddenly Parisa reacts, givin a short scream, raising ona arm in terror. Sinbad looks, reacts. : S25 WHAT THEY SEE CAVE MOUTH FULL SHOT (H-S-D) 52s Pramed in the mouth of the cave is a huge cyclops. He stands glaring ferociously into the cave, arma outstretch completely blocking the entrance. 526 MEDIUM LONG SHOT SINBAD PARISA AND CYCLOPS (y~s-D) 52 Sinbad and Parisa hesitate for a moment, not knowing whic way to turn and run. The cyclops takes a step forward, uttering a low growl, He is answered oy the sound of the dragon o.s. snarling and yanking at his chain. Sinbad saizes Parisa's hand and runs back into the cave, toward the dragon.
108) 1) text: as Sinbad and Parisa run past the dragon and deeper into the cave, heading for the chain winch.
108) 2) text: as Sinbad raises his sword and begins nacking at the wood lock machanism which holds the wheel from turning. At the tnird blow of his sword, the mechaniam shatters.
109) 2) text: as the freed dragon lunges forward at the cyclops. The cyclops raises his arms, striking at the dragon, but the dragon's forward movement, carries both of them through t KW cave mouth and out inte the open. 533 TwO SHOT SINBAD AND PaRISA (Y) 533 I as they react with satisfaction. They watch the battle a brief moment, then move off quickly toward the cave ent
110) 0) text: 53h - FULL SHOT DRAGON AND CYCLOPS S3h fhey are locked in fierce combat, writhing and struggling on the ground. Sinbad and Parisa exit from the cave, pausing to wateh the titanic struggle. Their flight is blecked by the battle.
110) 9) dialog: Quickly, this is our chancel They turn and run in the direction of the ship.
110) 15) text: They dro running through the woods toward camera. CAMERA- PULLS BACK with them as they run toward the ship. Sky FULL SHOT DRAGON (H-S-D) Shh as it moves in pursuit of Sinbad and Parisa. ShS L@aDING SHOT SINBAD AND PARISA (S) : Sus as they run, then pause again for breath. Parisa is near exhaustion. She leans against Sinbad for support.
110) 16) dialog: Listen! Prom the distance o.s. comes the sound of the dragon's hu footsteps thudding against the earth and the crashing of oranches. -Parisa tries to respond, but 1s too weary. She tries to run, stumbles and falls. Sinbad lifts ner and moves off quickly. Sué CLOSE SHOT: DRAGON'S HEAD (H-S-D) SL6 ¢ A as it moves along in Sinbad's trail.
110) 19) text: : as Sinbad emerges from the tunnel mouth onto the beach I Parisa. He runs toward camera, staggering a bit, nearin the end of his endurance.
110) 41) text: 143 CONTINUED: sho SINBAD . (to Alt) : Take the Princess to the longboat! w-- Quickly! Ali and Parisa run out as Sinbad climbs up on the giant crossbow. -
110) 44) text: as the dragon emerges from the mouth of the tunnel in pur of Sinbad and Parisa.
110) 46) dialog: Pull! --=- Pull for your lives! Suddenly there is a louder roar. Sinbad looks off, ch
110) 49) text: ‘Sokurah emerges from the tunnel and moves up to the drag pointing toward Sinbad. The dragon begins to move forward CLOSSUP SINBAD ON GIANT CROSSBOW (S) : 55k as he lifts his sword and brings it down in a Gacisive st cutting tha rope which holds the bowstring taut.
110) 56) text: as they gaze 0.8. to watch the death throes of @ Sinbad runs toward Parisa wno is on the beach near che lo boat. Parisa runs into Sinbad's arms, They embrace briefl then run to the longboat. The men push off into the water
110) 60) text: as the crewmen and Sinbad clamber up the side of the snip helping Parisa.
111) 1) text: as Sinbad helps Parisa onto the deck.
111) 5) dialog: (calling) Shake out the mains'l and fore- tops!
112) 4) text: MEDIUM SHOT SINBAD AND PARISA (¥} 563 Thay look back toward tho island os tho ship begins to mo away from it. Parisa seems to have regained her breath, and is standing without aid.
112) 5) dialog: Farewell Colossa.eece
112) 7) dialog: Barani...?
112) 11) dialog: (laughing) Then prepare my cabin for a feast of celebration.
112) 15) text: He takes Sinbad by the hand and leads him to the cabin do
113) 3) dialog: Well done, Barani. I know you will be as good a sailor as you were a genie.