6) 1) text: SOXURAH, an imposing man with large dark eyes, emerges fr the cave mouth, running hard, closely pursued by the gian CYCLOPS, wno must stoop slightly te emerge from the huge opening. Sokurah runs toward Sinbad.
6) 2) text: moving with Sokurah as he runs, clutching a strange lamp (prop) in his hands. He sees Sinbad.
6) 3) dialog: (calling) ’ Helpl . Help met!
8) 1) text: as the Cyclops pursues them with huge strides, gaining quickly. The Cyclops reaches out for Sokurah.
8) 4) text: as the javelin sticks in his chest. He plucks it out with roar of rage, pausing slightly in his pursuit of Sokurah.
8) 5) text: He pauses in front of the camera to look back at the Cycl 2.3. «es as he does, Sinbad runs into him, kmocking him o Sokurah recovers and runs into the protection of some roc
9) 5) text: Cyclops picks up Harufa and examines him and sees he is n Sokurah, then flings him down toward Sinbad. .
9) 9) dialog: I command you build an unbreakable wall between the Cyclops and those menl
9) 18) text: 14 “yo MEDIUM SHOT SINBAD SOKURAH AND OTHERS (S) 41 As Sinbad struggles with the groggy Harufa, Solkurah runs carrying the lamp.
10) 0) text: h2 MEDIUM SHOT THE THREE SAILORS ha They look off, reacting with terror at the Cyclops and th fleeing Sinbad. They quickly push the boat into the water 42a MEDIUM SHOT SINBAD AND SOKURAH (S) . kaa as they wade out into the water and are helped aboard the The crew pulls lustily for the ship.
11) 1) dialog: Sinbad dips a cloth over the side and holds it against Harufais aching head. Sokurah smiles in sympathy.
11) 2) dialog: I fear he'll have a headache on my account. -
11) 4) dialog: (showing lamp) The man who holds this treasure is safe from even greater dangers. Sinbad reaches out for the lamp, but Sokurah discreetly drawa it away. Sinbad smiles.
11) 6) dialog: The Genie of the Lamp cannot be used to work harm, but his powers of protection are invulnerable.
13) 2) dialog: (his frantic voice dis- torted through a mouth- ful of sea water) The Lampi The Lampl... 46a INSERT: THE LAMP (S) 6a as it slowly sinks in the water, trailing bubbles.
16) 2) dialog: as they clamber up the side on ropes dropped from the dec into the water. Sinbad helps the coughing Sokurah up onto the deck. EXT, SECTION OF SHIP'S RAIL (x)
18) 15) text: Sinbad sits at his captain's table. Sokurah stands at the cabin window, looking out to sea. Parisa and Sadi are sea watching interestedly. Sokurah appears fully recovered fr his drowning. Sinbad, plotting his ship's position on a m tesses his dividers down.
18) 17) dialog: (turning impatiently) The Cyclops have no speech. They cannot invoke the power of the Genieee. It is useless to themes.
18) 19) dialog: Thore 1s nothing I would not do to posseas itil Many yoars ago, when I was but a studont in the art of Wizardry, an old sorcerer told me of the fantastic Genie. I set out to find it, traveling throughout the world for many yearse t last I found my lamp -- only to lose it when my ship was wrecked on the shores of Coloasa,.
18) 22) dialog: (confidently) Yes, but I shall have the lamp again... and a great deal morel
18) 26) dialog: I nave some skill. 4
18) 29) dialog: I had a potion prepared for just such & purpoS@eoe (smiles) seo but I could not convince the Cyclops to swallow ite Sokurah turns to Sinbad, reaches into his tunic and pulls a leather bag, dropping its contents on the table.
18) 32) dialog: eee a King's ransom in jewels.
18) 35) text: Though he is impressed by the fortune his eyes see, he pu the jewels across the table toward Sokurah without a mome hesitation. ‘
18) 37) dialog: . (intensely) Captain, the storms which drove your ship to the island have wrecked many vessels on its shores... The treasures of a hundred years have been gathered by the Cyclops. (indicates jewels) The wealth that awaits us on the island is worth a thousand times more than what you see.
18) 39) text: Parisa turns a pleasant look to Sinbad. 60 CLOSE SHOT SINBAD (x) 60 SINBAD © Our presence theré means the difference between war and peace. I'11 not risk it by turning back. That is my final word. A storm of frustration surges in Sokurahe window.
18) 46) dialog: (with a touch of . prophecy) Perhaps after we are safely in Bagdad you will be persuaded to feel differently about the venture...
26) 1) text: A Nubian slave strikes the gong and Sokurah -~ now magnif - cently dressed in a long black robe -- enters through t curtains and moves to where the Caliph, Sinbad and Parisa seated together on mats at a low table, dining in the man of the Easte Sokurah bows before the Caliphe
26) 2) dialog: we I am highly honored you have - summoned me, your Highness.
26) 4) dialog: Your wish is granted even before it . is asked. I promise a performance : such as will live in the Caliph's tl memory for all his days -= may they be many.
26) 9) dialog: Your palace is a jewel of comfort and hospitality oe. bUtooe
26) 11) dialog: My happiness will be complete if you would grant but a single wish. Sokurah's manner with the Caliph is one of ceremonial politeness. But a slight hint of irony intrudes, making Sokurah's attitude one of veiled disdain, rather than sub servience.
26) 13) dialog: 4 fast ship and a well-armed crew to return to my island.
26) 15) dialog: I have the design of a new weapon, @ great crossbow, which will pro- tect the men from harm.
27) 3) text: The man, Sokurah, glares darkly at Sinbad for his adverse comment.
27) 5) dialog: (taking the seroll) Until the Sultan's feastooe The magician moves off quickly. Sinbad and Parisa stare after him.
30) 5) text: INT. PALACE ANTE-ROOM (¥) ‘ “~ 86a MEDIUM SHOT SOKURAH AND SADI 86a They stand before a huge earthen jar. Half a dozen giant
30) 6) text: fam 29 86a CONTINUED: 864 bare-chested guards are standing in readiness to carry it Sokurah is attired in a rich costume and flowing cape. He earnestly addressing Sadi.
30) 7) dialog: Not only will you triumph in the struggle between good and evil, put you will be changed into the most exotic woman in all Bagdad.
30) 9) dialog: Leave everything in my hands.e He claps his hands, and the guards move to pick up the ea jare ~
30) 13) text: Sokurah, followed by Sadi and the guards, enters and bows toward the Caliph and his guests. The guards set the eart jar on the floor, then step back a few paces behind it. T are obviously very attractive to Sadi. One of the guards holds a long-handled, broad-bladed battle-axe.
30) 22) text: The palace musicians play an eerie melody to accompany Sokurah's actions. The magician gestures to one of the guards, who brings him a tightly woven reed basket, then retires to the b.g. again, holding the large ornamental battle-axe across his chest. . 1
30) 23) text: as Sokurah removes the 1id from the basket, thrusts in hi . hand and draws forth a large, writhing cobra. Sound of audience reaction from o.s. CAMERA PANS with Sokurah as h carries the snake to the large earthen jar, holds it alof for a moment, then drops the snake into the jar with Sadi
30) 30) text: as he stands beside the earthen jar, his arms extended ov it in a hypnotic gesture. From each hand he pours a small vial of colored fluid into the jar (a slight flash and pu ef smoke appear). Sound and tempo of the b.g. music rise slowly as he performs this action. His lips move in secre incantation, but his voice is a murmur beneath the musice With a final dramatic gesture, Sokurah lowers his armse
30) 31) text: For a moment, nothing happens; then, in time with the mus the head of Sadi slowly rises above the rim of the jar -- but it is a transformed Sadi. Her plain features have bec exotic, and her head is sheathed in a strange headdress. Sound of a surprised intake of breath from the Caliph'ts ANOTHER ANGLE THE TWO GUARDS oh The guards! interest in Sadi is already increasing, judgi from their rapt expressions. Sokurah comes up and takes t ornamental axe from one of theme LL SHOT SADI AND EARTHEN JAR (H-¥-D) ‘~ 95 Sadi’s Head is Still all that shows, weaving in time with the msic. Sokurah moves up behind the earthen jar, carryi the large wide-bladed axe.
30) 33) text: ith a single stroke of the axe, Sokurah shatters the jar. It falls away in pieces, revealing Sadi as a combination serpent-girl. Her body is segmented and tapering, like th of a anake, and four long tendrils exist in place of her
30) 40) text: as Sokurah returns the ornamental axe. They are stunned a entranced with the spectacle of Sadi. .
30) 54) dialog: If I have pleased you, I hope you will reconsider my request for an expedition to Colossa.
30) 60) dialog: (hints of menace) Perhaps a further demonstration of my powers is necessaryece
30) 62) dialog: (pause; thinking) I can, upon occasion, foretell eertain events.
30) 63) text: Tne Sultan leans over and whispers with the Caliph. The Caliph nods, then looks back to Sokurah.
30) 66) dialog: As your Higness wishes. I shall require a brazier of live coals. » CALIPH You shall have them. Guardi
30) 67) dialog: (a bit ominous) May the unseen forces grant that I see only good.
30) 76) text: What do you see here in Bagdad? Sokurah hesitates for a long moment. His face changes, aa though he fights a powerful emotion.
30) 77) dialog: I see... but I cannot speak.
30) 79) dialog: (slowly; hollowly) I see a great disaster. I seeeee I cannot teil. He pauses.
30) 81) dialog: There are great buildings falling. Women and children slain... I see war. War between Bagdad and Chandra.
30) 85) text: as they react. They stare in amazement for a moment towar Sokurah, then look at each other, as though to reassure themselves.
30) 89) dialog: There will be no wedding... Mysterious and evil forces are gathered, and the wedding re- joicing shall be turned to mourning!
30) 93) dialog: I spoke at your insistence. The events my spirit saw lurk as dire possibility. If you request, TI shall use my power to disperse the evil forces and avert such disaster.
30) 99) dialog: Such a gift of gratitude would seem fitting.
31) 11) text: The flame burns normally for a moment, then sputters, as though starting to consume some new substance through the wick. Slowly the flame changes in color, giving off atran hues, and a thread of bluish smoke whirls upward from the candle. Sparks fly. Tha light flickers nervously. 12h. CLOSE SHOT PARISA : 12 as she breathes, the first hint of amoke from the flicker candle. She stirs softly, then falla back into an even de Sleep. The bluish haze grows slightly thicker about her. ‘ 12hA CLOSE SHOT FIGURE IN CURTAINED WINDOW 12hA The flickering light brightens fitfully so that we see th figure is Sokurah. He takes a aatisfied look, then exita quietly. 125 ANOTHER ANGLE ‘THE CANDLE (H-Y-D) 125 : showing the flame burning strongly, a thick strand of s curling upward from it. Prominent in the f.g. of the scen is Parisa's hand, outstretched on the bed. As we watch, h hand begins to grow smaller in all dimensions. As it shri it is drawn slowly out of the edge of the scene, followin Parisa's dwindling body.
35) 1) text: as Sokurah moves toward the gates, a smug smile on his fa He hears the sound of palace doors slamming and running f steps. He pauses, turning.
35) 4) dialog: I know. In my vision I saw her fate, but I feared to speak of it. Your anger was too great.
35) 6) dialog: (after pause) Possibly. But it involves great
35) 9) dialog: I cannot turn back, If I am within Bagdad at sundown, my eyes shall be dark forever.
37) 30) dialog: There is one secret potion -- to remove the evil charm.
37) 32) dialog: We lack the most vital drug of the mixture. A piece of shell from the egg of the giant bird called the Roce CLOSE SHOT SINnpaD (S$) 156
37) 34) dialog: The same. Without this shell, the potion is uselesse
37) 35) text: Sinbad and the Caliph grimly stare at Sokurah for a momen
37) 39) dialog: No, the Princess must go with us. For only in my castle can the potion be used.
42) 13) text: Taw Tie 7TH VOYAGE Or SINBAD . Revised Page <= July 5, 1957 180C CLOSE SHOT SOKURAH (S) 180¢ listening.
42) 18) text: Kharim turns to the men with a smile. He nods. his head, moves off in Sokurah's direction.
43) 2) dialog: (softly) I would have words with you, Captain. There is the sound of a bolt sliding, and Sinbad comes ou .Sokurah looks about to make sure they are alone.
43) 3) dialog: (continuing) There are signs of unrest among the crew... I have heard dangerous mutterings ee.
45) 6) text: Kharim has Sokurah pinned with his back to the mainmast, top of Knarim's sword at his throat; Kharim appears to be about to thrust the sword through Sokurah.
45) 10) text: Hapufa reluctantly drops his sword, and the few remaining faithful crewmen drop their wooden clubs or captured weap The mutineers quickly begin gathering them together. Sinb walks toward Kharim, who lowers his sword from Sokurah.
47) 7) text: The mutineers greet Kharim's orders with a shout of joy. Knarim herds Sinbad and Harufa down the steps to the main deck, then pushes Sokurah after them, but Sokurah stops a the top of the steps, lifting his head toe shout over the mutineerse
47) 8) dialog: Hear my curse -- for it seals your dooml His huge and deep voice brings an immediate silence. Khar is too startled to stop him.
47) 10) dialog: Those who harm us shall be driven madi Terror shall be in your hearts, and before dawn you will plead with us for your very livesi
47) 11) text: Kharim comes up to Sokurah, kmeeling at ‘the head of the in mock supplication.
47) 16) text: His enraged face peers down at the fallen Sokurah, KHARIM . Throw them into the forward holdi
48) 3) dialog: You will see! The wind and current will take them southward and my prophecy will come true.
48) 5) dialog: South of Colossa lies an accursed island inhabited by wailing demons. Their screaming is heard over a hundred leagues, and all who hear it are driven mad. Men crazed by the nolse steer their ships onto the jagged rocks, and are devoured by sea serpents.
49) 10) dialog: High winds and high seas surround the demon island,
49) 12) dialog: We cannot be far from it now. Harufa claps his hands over his ears; dropping onto the bench, Sinbad removes his cloak, wrapping it in several thicknesses around the jewel box containing Parisa, Sound of wailing island is clearly heard, even in the hold.
56) 10) dialog: Tnere is a narrow channel through the rocks. It is our only chancel
66) 27) text: Sinbad and Sokurah stand together before the men. The lig of their torches flickers fitfully over their faces. Sinb looks up at the night sky, takes a meaning look at Sokura then moves off towards the stone head. Reluctantly, the m [~- follow -- the tenseness plainly visible on their face pass Sokurah's toreh in turn.
67) 6) dialog: (hushed voice) This is the map we must follow,
67) 7) text: Tne torchlight flickers on it as Sokurah's hand traces the map.
67) 10) dialog: (nodding) | We separate into two groups here -- Sinbad looks at Sokurah in suspicious surprise. Hl SOKURAH : (quickly) Thus if either group is captured, the other may attempt to free them.
67) 12) dialog: (pointing) We meet here -- at the two sharp rocks which mark the trail to the mountains -- tomorrow night. Sindad turns, signals his group of men, and leads them of past camera.
68) 2) dialog: We will stop here and proceed again at nightiall. The man start to relax, sitting or lying on the ground. T largest and toughest of the men, GOLAR, lifts his goatski water jug and squirts a long drink into his mouth. The Magician observes him, reacting.
68) 3) dialog: You -- Golar! Drink not so deeply. You will need that water on tomorrow's climb.
68) 10) dialog: (prophetically) . That water is poison. He thrusts his torch into the water, dousing it. It niase red steam. TdO SHOT SOKURAH AND GOLAR (S) | . 2613 as the steam comes up.
68) 12) dialog: The man whose lips it touches is dead in a moment -- (smiles) . Would you care to try it? Golar looks down at the water as though he were consideri a test of Sokurah's prophetic power. CAMERA PANS DOWN to Golar's reflection in the placid pool.
68) 67) dialog: Sinbad's men must be trapped by a Cyclops: Remain here -- i'll see if we can help theml Sokurah turns and begins to run into the woods. ‘The othe men gaze after him.
78) 5) text: Sinbad is still straining for the latch when he looks 0.8 to see Sokurah sneaking along past the base of the barbec Sinbad drops to the floor of the cage and calls softly to Solmrah. .
83) 9) text: Tne cyclops uproots ‘a tree with his hands, then uses it , a plunger to flatten Golar. (See drawing 2703) The men : vehind him stagger to a halt, very much sobered, They t and run as the cyclops moves after them. . 318A CLOSE SHOT SINBAD (S) 318A . He jumps down from the barbecue and runs to Sokurah.
83) 13) dialog: (pointing o.s.) The lamp... the lampi! Sinbad looks out through the small opening in the rocks, calculating his chances with the cyclops.
83) 42) dialog: Sinbad! -- Help me ---
86) 5) text: CAMERA PANS down from the landmark which marks the trail leading to the Roc bird nests. Survivors of the encounter with the cyclops have gathered in a small group around a sheltered campfire. Those who were in the drunken ‘group look and act miserable, squatting with their heads in the hands, There are about six men remaining, besides the ma- gician and Sinbad, whom we see in the f.g. Sinbad holds t lamp. The magician motions to Sinbad, and theywithdraw fr the group a short distance. TWO SHOT SINBAD AND SOKURAH c 8) 3h2 as they pause to talk.
86) 6) dialog: The danger is far from past. There are other cyclops still alive. (reaching) Therefore, you should give me the lamp.
86) 8) dialog: (after pause) If I am to help the Princess, you must trust me.
86) 10) dialog: I sought the lamp first, be- cause with it I could assure your protection.
86) 12) text: np THE 7Til VOYAGE OF SINBAD . Revised Page -- 102 July 5, 1957 Pp 3hy ANOTHER ANGLE FEATURING SINBAD (S) 3hy as He studies the magician for a long moment, hefting the Lt in-his hands. The magician glances from the lamp back ~ Sinbad. : . SINBAD ‘ A fair enough reason... I do. not understand the power of this lamp, but if we need it, it shall be safely in my grasp. Sokurah looks grim and then quickly changes his expressio to one of friendly agreement.
86) 13) dialog: (bowing) AS YOU SAYeee He nods, turns and goes back to the men and the fire,
87) 8) text: as it bounds down the steep rock face, smashing on an out cropping far below. f~wO SHOT SINBAD AND SOKURAH (S) 353 reacting to the signt of the falling rock. Sokuran is whi and snaken at his narrow escape. Sinbad gives him a momen to recover, then leads the way upward again. .
90) 5) dialog: it is the season for the young . birds to hatch. (looking around with anxiety) Come, wa must move one
90) 10) dialog: We will find others. Higher there will be a shell of an egg already hatched. The crewmen react unfavorably to the idea of further olim
91) 2) dialog: You should not have let them do that.
91) 14) dialog: \ Thea entrance is at the foot of these peaks --
95) 53) text: x Cc 390 The crewmen are in the midst.of eating the roast bird. CAMERA PANS to a CLOSE SHOT of Sokurah. He looks up at the sky - his cloak spread out dramatically benind him CAMERA MOVES in CLOSER to see that he scans the sky = as expecting some unseen creature to descend,
96) 26) dialog: -- er -- The bird is done... 7 You must be hungry. Sokurah looks skyward again. Suddenly there is a loud flapping noise and a great gust of WIND hits them. Sinbad looks up in horror; Solurah in satisfaction. EXT. Si 398 . Yn 399 100
96) 34) text: Tae giant Roc nas settled to the ledge. One of her neads darts out toward tne group of men. As they retreat to the edge of the cliff, three of the men fall over - their scr fade into the distance. The other crewmen and Harufa swin feverishly at the bird with their sabers. CLOSER SHOT (H-S-D) hor as one of the huge neads darts into the scene grabbing on ef the crewmen in each of its great beaks. MEDIUM SHOT SINBAD MEN AND ROC (H-S-D) 4o2 As the sailor struggles in the beak of one head, the othe head attacks Harufa and the remaining sailor. ‘Sinbad run into scene slashing at the bird's neck. The bird drops. t limp bodies of the dead sailors from its beaks. CLOSE SHOT SOKURAH (S) ho2a - Flattened against a rock, his evil eyes seem to be urging the great bird on.
97) 6) text: He stands staring down at her, a malicious smile lighting dark features. Parisa screams, but her cry is lost in the sound of the battle. Sokurah reaches a huge hand down tow her (camera).
100) 26) text: ho MEDIUM SHOT SOKURAH AND PARISA (H-Y-D) hg The magician'ts lab resembles a medieval torture chamber. wall is covered with beakers and flagons of various subst used in nis arts. There are two large work tables, one of them partly covered by a long glass case. Scattered aroun the room are several ancient torture devices. Most promin of these is a huge rack, on which men were stretched unti they wera broken. Dangling from the rack, the ropes still passed beneath nis arms, is the skeleton of an ancient wa liis bony hands still clutch his sword and shield. Tho marician stands at one of the work tables, on which rests large crystal. Parisa stands on the table beside the crys
101) 0) text: 4so MEDIUM CLOSE SHOT SOKURAH AND PARISA (H-Y-D) iso as Soxursh passes his hands over the crystal in mystic ge The interior of the crystal seems filled with swirling cl
101) 4) dialog: (to Parisa) Now I shall show you a sight which ~ will make your heart leap.
101) 6) dialog: Now -- behold your answer! fhe inside of the crystal clears, showing Sinbad standing the cave, looking about him. The magic lamp is visible at his waist. Parisa reacts, drawing in a sharp breath.
101) 7) dialog: (smiling) You see?... 1 knew I could trust your Sinbad to bring the lamp to UuSe 4o1 CLOSER SHOT (H-Y¥=D) uS2 Parisa peers into the crystal.
101) 30) dialog: (smiling) He hurries to seek his Princesseee I must prepare to welcome him. Sokurah moves to the nearest wall and raises a large wood lever wnich operates an unseen chain. Int. CA 458 FULL Sli0T SINBAD AND SOKURAH'S CASTLE (H-S-D) 458 as Sinbad rounds a corner and comes in sight of the ruine castle. He stops, emazed by the sight. we walks closer to the castle.
102) 2) dialog: I warn you -- if you speak, urge Sinbad to do as I ask...
102) 8) text: 4o3 bok ANOTHER ANGLE FEATURING SINBAD (¥) . 463 as he looks from Parisa to Sokurah, tense with a restrain raga.
102) 9) dialog: I led you here for a reason. In exchange for the lamp, I will restore the Princess. CLOSE SHOT SINBAD (Y¥) el. as this nard truth is considered. Abruptly he makes his d cision. .
102) 14) dialog: (smiling) I shall mix the potion. Sokurah goes to the shelf and begins mixing ingredients o the work table holding the glass case. 66 THROUGH 468 OMITTED.
102) 15) text: Sokurah mixes the eggshell into the potion, then points t @ spot about the middle of the floor of the case. ie stirs a mixture carefully in a low beaker. Sinbad moves into scene carrying Parisa (H-prop) in his hand.
102) 16) dialog: (indicating) t is ready, Princess. Ea sets her gently on the table top.
102) 19) text: as Parisa moves to the spot indicated and lies down. MEDIUM SHOT SINBAD SOKURAH AND PARISA (MODEL) (¥) 471 Sinbad still holds his drawn sword and stands a short distance from Sokurah, keeping an eye on him. Sokurah Places tha baaker of powder he has mixed on the floor of tha case near Parisa. He then ignites the powder with a burning candle ho takes from the table. The powder sputte and burns, not unlike the candle which was at Parisa'’s rod whon she became small. The magician closes the top of the glass caso ovar Parisa. The burning powdor gives off a thick smoko which fills the inside of the case, ebscuring the tiny form of Parisa.
102) 20) text: reacting as he watches the process. He gives Sokurah & threatening stare.
102) 23) dialog: Behold! CLOSE SHOT SINBAD (¥) 47h imbad looks to the case, reacts with amazement. CAMERA HOLDS for saveral seconds on his increasing joy.
102) 30) text: as tne magician steps forward and folds back the top of t glass case again. The last wisps of the smoke dissipate i the air. Parisa lies still for a moment, then her eyelids flutter and open. Sokurah moves back from the table.
102) 34) dialog: And now, if you please -- the lamp. He makes a gesture as though to reach for it, but Sinbad quickly brings up his sword, forcing him to halt.
102) 42) dialog: Very well. Let us go.
102) 43) text: Wnlie Sinbad holpy Parlsu from tno tabla, starting to loa nor across tho room toward the door. Sokurah turns to sta hard at the skoleton dangling from the rack,
102) 47) dialog: (fierce whisper) Killt... i121:
103) 0) text: kh CLOS= SHOT PARISA (¥) 48k. reacting with fear at Sinbad's plight as he climbs backwa up the stairway. She starts to run up the stairway to fol Sinbad, but Sokurah grabs her by the arm, hurling her rou aside.
103) 6) text: Sinbad sees Sokurah escaping; reacts. He lifts nis’ sword and hurls it at the fleeing Sokurah. :
103) 13) dialog: You made a bargain with me -=-
103) 15) dialog: You will regret this!
105) 0) text: Lok MEDIUM SHOT SOKURAH (Y) 494 Ee is chained to the stone pedestal as we last saw him. He fastens his gaze on the chains that bind him; his eyes burn intensely. kos CLOSE SiiOf THE CHAINS (H-Y¥) 49S As Sokurah's gaze intensifies, the slack chains begin to undulata as though they were alive. They twist about them selves grotesquely. There is a sound of grinding iron. 496 CLOSE SHOT SOKURAH (y) 496 The fire in his eyes burns brightly as he glares at the Gancing chains. 496a INSERT: THE CHAINS (H-Y) . 496A as they twist and writhe, dust trickles from the socket o the eye-bolt which holds the chains fast into the stone. Suddenly the chains pull free from the wall. 496B FULL SHOT SOKURAH (yY) 4963 He runs to the table, his hands still dragging the chain fragments, to peer into the crystal bali. .
105) 5) dialog: Wichin the crystal ball Sokurah sees Sinbad and Parisa on the natural aren. In rage, Sokurah raises his hands high, then brings the weight of the massive chains down upon th erystal ball. As it shatters into a thousand fragments, there is a flash of lightning and a thunderous roar.
110) 47) text: It stands in plain view of the men, breathing smoke and f Sokurah stands just behind and to the side.
110) 49) text: ‘Sokurah emerges from the tunnel and moves up to the drag pointing toward Sinbad. The dragon begins to move forward CLOSSUP SINBAD ON GIANT CROSSBOW (S) : 55k as he lifts his sword and brings it down in a Gacisive st cutting tha rope which holds the bowstring taut.
110) 53) text: as the huge arrow pierces the chest of the dragon. Sokura stands slightly ahead of and beneath the dragon, looking up in rage and disbelief. The dragon gives a great convul snudder then starts to fall forward. 556A CLOSE SHOT. SOKURAH (S) Sth looking upward in alarm. 557 MEDIUM CLOSE SHOT SOKURAH (H-S-D) ‘SS? as he is crushed beneath the scaly body of the falling dragon.