22) 0) text: Some minutes later, BROWN is angrily unpacking a trunk.  His humiliation expresses itself in the extraordinary ferocity with which he slams down every object. His younger brother, ARCHIE, sits on the bed.  He's in hi early thirties, bright, sharp and dressed in the same distinctive kilt and tweed.
22) 1) dialog: (telling it fast)
22) 4) dialog: So, there are rules.  Things you do and things you don't do.
22) 6) dialog: You don't tell Her Majesty how you feel.
22) 8) dialog: Not down south you don't. BROWN slams a drawer shut.  ARCHIE lets it go and watches his brother.  A beat.
22) 9) dialog: So what did Ponsonby do when she started shouting?
23) 0) text: The clatter of voices and banging doors as under servants hurry about with plates, knives and forks, laying the Upp Servant's huge table for dinner.  ARCHIE leads BROWN through this rush of activity.
23) 2) dialog: Seventy a year.
23) 4) dialog: How about yourself?
23) 6) dialog: (grinning)
23) 9) dialog: It's better than shovelling horse shit.
23) 11) dialog: She's hardly a full hamper herself.
23) 14) dialog: Three years, John.  Is that not a bit long to be grieving?
23) 16) dialog: Come on, man.  There's love and there's ...
23) 18) dialog: You know what I mean.
23) 20) dialog: There's love and there's behaving like you do because there's nobody to tell you not to. Hold on BROWN.  He lets it go and moves on.  Across the hall, he spots the pretty ASSISTANT DRESSER watching them
23) 22) dialog: The good-looking one.
23) 24) dialog: You work the system right, you could ask her yourself.  Just be thankful you're not working for Household.  The Queen never lets them out of her sight.  But wee spats like us can slip through the net, easy. A beat.  BROWN stares straight at him.
34) 0) text: The clatter and crush of the Upper Servant's table as UPP SERVANTS sit themselves down to dinner while UNDER SERVAN prepare to serve soup. ARCHIE comes in and sits himself somewhere in the middle next to an empty seat.  A moment later, BROWN strides in. But instead of sitting at the place beside his brother, h goes straight to the head of the table and plonks himself down.  Slowly, the clatter dies away as the whole room stops and stares at him in silence.  BROWN fixes them wit a look. An elderly butler steps into the room and stares in amazement at BROWN.  A smooth young man, BERTIE'S VALET, hurries up to intercede.
40) 0) text: BROWN and ARCHIE crash into the water.  It is freezing.  BROWN braces himself against the icy shallows by bellowin Burns at the sea.
41) 0) text: A few minutes later, BROWN and ARCHIE hurry back up the cold beach to rub themselves dry.  BROWN is very energize
41) 2) dialog: So?  Someone'll send it on ahead.
41) 4) dialog: John, it's not your problem what she eats.
41) 7) dialog: She's got an army of people to get her up and out.
41) 9) dialog: She'll blow hot and cold on you, John, she always does.  You want to be careful.
65) 0) text: That night. BROWN is standing at the head of the table, yelling at th UPPER SERVANTS, irrespective of ARCHIE or anyone.
65) 6) text: I said, is that clear?! There is a general mutter of assent.  BROWN turns and storms out as ARCHIE gets up to follow.
80) 0) text: BROWN sits on the edge of the bed in only his undergarments.  His face, arms, legs and fingers are livi with bruises, but he sits there, stiff-backed and grittin his teeth, while ARCHIE crouches in front of him, tending to his wounds.
80) 2) dialog: They said you were drunk. (beat)
80) 5) dialog: What are you doing?!
80) 7) dialog: You've got three broken ribs, man!
80) 9) dialog: Don't be an idiot!  You're in no fit state to go anywhere.
80) 11) dialog: She'll get over it.
80) 13) dialog: And when was the last time she put herself out for you?  Look, John, whatever she says to you now, in the end you're still a servant.
80) 15) dialog: Aye, she may say that to you, but the woman can say what she wants.
80) 17) dialog: Come on, man, I'm telling you what you already know.
80) 19) dialog: When are you gonna see it, John?  She doesn't give a damn about you. BROWN lunges for the bedside drawer and pulls out a card showing a coy picture of a pretty woman.  He holds it up, eyes blazing.
80) 24) dialog: Aye.
80) 26) dialog: She'll drop you.  When she's done with you, she'll drop you.
80) 28) text: Out! ARCHIE steps back but BROWN roars at him.
89) 0) text: Staying close to the ground we develop through a series o shots showing the other highlands -- sheet rain against heather and gorse, rivulets of water slashing through mud crude pathways sliding in wind and all ball-breakingly cold. Coming up the hill, we begin to make out a hunting party. The sound first.  Like a small army, crashing their way u the winding path.  GHILLIES urging on their horses and dogs, guns and equipment jangling off pony-hacks an then the tall figure of JOHN BROWN striding out in front. Making no concession to anyone, he force-marches them up the hill, eyes on the hunt ahead. Behind them trot the me on horseback -- DISRAELI, PONSONBY, BERTIE and other GENTLEMEN, each led by GHILLIES and ATTENDANTS, among the ARCHIE. Suddenly, BROWN stops and raises a hand.  The party halts He listens for a second.  Satisfied that he has found his quarry, he brings his hand down and the party of gentleme dismount as quietly as they can. As he waits, BROWN winces slightly from the pain in his side.  He pulls a flask of whiskey from his sporran and drinks.  All the time, DISRAELI keeps his eyes on BROWN.
93) 14) text: Checked and locked. Folding up the paper, BROWN downs his glass of whiskey an sits.  On his nod, dinner is served by UNDER SERVANTS ami a clatter of cutlery and chat. ARCHIE looks across at his brother but BROWN is hunched over his plate, pecking at his food. Someone titters and ARCHIE looks up.  BERTIE'S VALET coughs.  BROWN slowly lifts his head.  His eyes have the slightly unfocused look of too much drink.  It is clear t ARCHIE that he is about to be sent-up.
94) 0) text: BROWN is lying on a grubby bed.  ARCHIE is looking around the untidy room.  For the first time, he notices a thick manuscript on the table.  BROWN follows his eyes.
94) 1) dialog: What's this?
94) 3) dialog: Be careful who sees it.
94) 5) dialog: You should have someone look after you.
94) 7) text: The room ... You don't have to stay. BROWN shuts his eyes and starts to drift.  ARCHIE watches over him.
94) 8) dialog: The place is a mess.
94) 10) dialog: It's what the maids are for.
94) 12) dialog: Won't you give yourself a rest, John?  She's other people to look out for her.
102) 0) text: Half an hour later, BROWN races up to the Queen's carriag amid a swarm of servants, ladies' maids and Householders rushing to be ready in time. Suddenly the huge castle doors open and VICTORIA bustles out with her entourage in tow.  BROWN -- only just in tim - yanks open the door for VICTORIA to step past him and take her place.  She ignores him completely. BROWN slams the doors.  As he looks up, he sees his broth ARCHIE staring at him from across the courtyard.  For a second the two brothers hold each other's gaze.  It's obvious that ARCHIE has noticed the Queen's indifference. BROWN turns away and mounts the box as the carriage races away under him.