34) 0) text: The clatter and crush of the Upper Servant's table as UPP SERVANTS sit themselves down to dinner while UNDER SERVAN prepare to serve soup. ARCHIE comes in and sits himself somewhere in the middle next to an empty seat.  A moment later, BROWN strides in. But instead of sitting at the place beside his brother, h goes straight to the head of the table and plonks himself down.  Slowly, the clatter dies away as the whole room stops and stares at him in silence.  BROWN fixes them wit a look. An elderly butler steps into the room and stares in amazement at BROWN.  A smooth young man, BERTIE'S VALET, hurries up to intercede.
34) 1) dialog: Mr. Carter, the Head Butler, sits there.
34) 3) dialog: By whose authority?
34) 5) dialog: The order of seating at the Upper Servant's table is arranged personally by the Queen herself.
34) 7) text: If you say the Queen arranges something, you've no need to say she's done it personally.  That's understood. But as far as BERTIE'S VALET is concerned, it isn't.  He stares down in mute fury, then snaps his fingers at one o the under servants, who rushes over.  There is a hurried exchange of whispers before the under servant rushes out. Unperturbed, BROWN brings out his flask and pours himself substantial draft of whiskey.  He turns to the pretty assistant dresser, sitting to his right.
65) 3) dialog: We --
93) 0) text: That night. BROWN is standing at his place, drinking steadily.  He ha a sheet of paper and a pen and is ticking off a list.  Lined up in front of him, trying desperately not to laugh are five or six UPPER SERVANTS including the pretty ASSISTANT DRESSER and BERTIE'S VALET.  They each step up, one at a time, to make their report.
93) 10) dialog: Checked and locked, sir.
93) 14) text: Checked and locked. Folding up the paper, BROWN downs his glass of whiskey an sits.  On his nod, dinner is served by UNDER SERVANTS ami a clatter of cutlery and chat. ARCHIE looks across at his brother but BROWN is hunched over his plate, pecking at his food. Someone titters and ARCHIE looks up.  BERTIE'S VALET coughs.  BROWN slowly lifts his head.  His eyes have the slightly unfocused look of too much drink.  It is clear t ARCHIE that he is about to be sent-up.
93) 15) dialog: (with a smug smile)
93) 17) dialog: We heard the dogs were Fenian sympathizers. Brown drinks.
93) 18) dialog: Or was it the stag ...? Everyone bursts out laughing.  Brown slams down his glass