13) 0) text: Members of the Royal family and upper household hurry int the icy dining room and take their designated places at t luncheon table.  Everybody is dressed in mourning and nobody speaks.  Wind whistles through the open windows.  Silence. Among the diners we catch our first glimpse of BERTIE, th Prince of Wales.  He is in his mid-twenties, plump, stiff dressed and balding.  He stands next to his young wife, PRINCESS ALEXANDRA, who fiddles nervously with her shawl, trying to keep warm. As BERTIE smooths down his thinning hair, DOCTOR JENNER bustles into the dining room, stands himself next to PONSONBY and proceeds to conduct a hurried conversation with the Prince of Wales, entirely in whispers.
13) 2) dialog: Thank you, Doctor.
13) 4) dialog: Yes. (beat)
34) 0) text: The clatter and crush of the Upper Servant's table as UPP SERVANTS sit themselves down to dinner while UNDER SERVAN prepare to serve soup. ARCHIE comes in and sits himself somewhere in the middle next to an empty seat.  A moment later, BROWN strides in. But instead of sitting at the place beside his brother, h goes straight to the head of the table and plonks himself down.  Slowly, the clatter dies away as the whole room stops and stares at him in silence.  BROWN fixes them wit a look. An elderly butler steps into the room and stares in amazement at BROWN.  A smooth young man, BERTIE'S VALET, hurries up to intercede.
34) 7) text: If you say the Queen arranges something, you've no need to say she's done it personally.  That's understood. But as far as BERTIE'S VALET is concerned, it isn't.  He stares down in mute fury, then snaps his fingers at one o the under servants, who rushes over.  There is a hurried exchange of whispers before the under servant rushes out. Unperturbed, BROWN brings out his flask and pours himself substantial draft of whiskey.  He turns to the pretty assistant dresser, sitting to his right.
35) 0) text: A few days later.  A morning "drawing room."  Standing round the unlit fireplace are DOCTOR JENNER, LADY ELY, LA CHURCHILL, the two LADIES IN WAITING and PRINCESS ALEXANDRA.  All are dressed against the icy wind that whistles through the open window where VICTORIA sits knitting busily while BERTIE stands beside her, coat buttoned up to the collar.  PONSONBY has stationed himsel opposite, beside a desk piled high with red dispatch boxe He runs through the daily itinerary.
35) 8) dialog: Mama, I really do think it's time we made ourselves a little more ... available. VICTORIA carries on knitting.
35) 9) dialog: I think we must accept our position in the country is not entirely unrelated to the continued absence of the Monarchy from public life. (silence)
35) 12) dialog: I thought, a dinner for our ambassadors perhaps?
35) 14) text: No dinners, Bertie. (beat)
35) 16) dialog: It's so infernally cold in here.
35) 28) dialog: Mother....
35) 30) dialog: If it is inconvenient to Her Majesty, then perhaps she might consider allowing the Prince of Wales to host--
43) 0) text: A mass of torches encircle the ROYAL PARTY as kilted GHILLIES and STAFF swarm round the carriage, opening door and clambering off boxes while a regiment of PIPERS play them in. Amid this swarm of activity, we glimpse BROWN opening the door to a smiling VICTORIA as she climbs down, followed b PRINCESS HELENA and PRINCESS LOUISE.  Emerging from anoth carriage come BERTIE and PRINCESS ALEXANDRA, staring grim faced at the castle.  HENRY PONSONBY and DOCTOR JENNER alight from their carriage as PONSONBY slips on his glove and pinches his nose at the pain of remembrance.
46) 0) text: The next morning.  The ROYAL FAMILY are picnicking in the grounds.  VICTORIA walks along a path accompanied on one side by BROWN, on the other by BERTIE. BERTIE is in mid-plea.
46) 1) dialog: Surely it is for the gentlemen to decide when to stop...
46) 3) dialog: Yes, but isn't midnight a little excessive?
46) 5) dialog: But mama, the room was built expressly for that purpose.  It has been a smoking-room by tradition ever since father --
46) 8) dialog: Mama...
46) 10) dialog: Well, I'm sorry, but I really do think it's too much that the gentlemen of the house should be dictated to by a servant.
46) 12) dialog: I beg your pardon? (to VICTORIA)
46) 13) text: Mama...? Before Bertie can continue, BROWN steps right into his face.
46) 15) text: You've tired your mother enough. BERTIE stares back, too stunned to speak.  He glances at his mother, but VICTORIA looks off into the distance as i she has not heard.  BERTIE turns and storms away.
53) 0) text: DISRAELI and MARY ANNE stand with BERTIE and his ACOLYTES
53) 1) dialog: Mr Disraeli.  Ma'am.
53) 3) dialog: Have you met Mr Lyle?  He's in sugar...?
53) 5) dialog: No doubt you've heard the rumors.
53) 7) dialog: My concern is for the reputation of the Monarchy.
53) 9) dialog: I fear the influence he has on her.  The man's word is not to be credited.  He is an arriviste of the very lowest water. (beat)
53) 12) dialog: I would talk to her myself, but she won't listen to me.  She must be persuaded, by someone she respects, to abandon this ridiculous favoritism before a situation develops.
53) 14) dialog: I don't imagine you frequent the Republican Clubs.  But the fact that neither you nor I are members should not blind us to the significance of their existence. (beat)
53) 17) dialog: I tell you, if we don't stick together on this, you could find yourself First President's Opposition. (murdering it)
53) 20) dialog: I don't think we can overstate the seriousness of this. DISRAELI nods and BERTIE walks swiftly back to his party. The moment he's gone, STANLEY steps up to DISRAELI's side
73) 0) text: BROWN is guarding the door to the drawing room while the balding BERTIE muscles up, eye ball to eye ball.
73) 1) dialog: I wish to see my mother.
73) 3) dialog: Convey her a message.
73) 5) dialog: Tell her the Prince of Wales wishes to speak with her urgently about matters concerning the press.
73) 7) dialog: What did you say?
73) 9) dialog: Do you know who you address, sir?
73) 11) dialog: The future King! A beat.
73) 13) dialog: Out of my way! Foolishly, BERTIE tries to barge his way past.  Suddenly BROWN loses it completely.  He grabs the Prince of Wales the shoulders and pins him back, shouting right into his face.
84) 0) text: The next day, VICTORIA stands at the far window and her back to the room.  Lined up against the wall are BERTIE a his siblings.
89) 0) text: Staying close to the ground we develop through a series o shots showing the other highlands -- sheet rain against heather and gorse, rivulets of water slashing through mud crude pathways sliding in wind and all ball-breakingly cold. Coming up the hill, we begin to make out a hunting party. The sound first.  Like a small army, crashing their way u the winding path.  GHILLIES urging on their horses and dogs, guns and equipment jangling off pony-hacks an then the tall figure of JOHN BROWN striding out in front. Making no concession to anyone, he force-marches them up the hill, eyes on the hunt ahead. Behind them trot the me on horseback -- DISRAELI, PONSONBY, BERTIE and other GENTLEMEN, each led by GHILLIES and ATTENDANTS, among the ARCHIE. Suddenly, BROWN stops and raises a hand.  The party halts He listens for a second.  Satisfied that he has found his quarry, he brings his hand down and the party of gentleme dismount as quietly as they can. As he waits, BROWN winces slightly from the pain in his side.  He pulls a flask of whiskey from his sporran and drinks.  All the time, DISRAELI keeps his eyes on BROWN.
93) 0) text: That night. BROWN is standing at his place, drinking steadily.  He ha a sheet of paper and a pen and is ticking off a list.  Lined up in front of him, trying desperately not to laugh are five or six UPPER SERVANTS including the pretty ASSISTANT DRESSER and BERTIE'S VALET.  They each step up, one at a time, to make their report.
93) 14) text: Checked and locked. Folding up the paper, BROWN downs his glass of whiskey an sits.  On his nod, dinner is served by UNDER SERVANTS ami a clatter of cutlery and chat. ARCHIE looks across at his brother but BROWN is hunched over his plate, pecking at his food. Someone titters and ARCHIE looks up.  BERTIE'S VALET coughs.  BROWN slowly lifts his head.  His eyes have the slightly unfocused look of too much drink.  It is clear t ARCHIE that he is about to be sent-up.
103) 0) text: Some days later.  A tableau. QUEEN VICTORIA sits at the foot of the bed, a matriarch surrounded by her ROYAL FAMILY.  They watch DOCTOR JENNER bend to examine the ghostly figure of BERTIE.  He listens for a pulse.  Finally, he looks up.
106) 3) dialog: So there he is, Arthur O'Conner...
107) 0) text: It's a few days later and BERTIE is entertaining a privat dinner party.  They include QUEEN VICTORIA, PRINCESS ALEXANDRA, PRINCESS LOUISE and HENRY PONSONBY.  BROWN is attendance.  He stands off to one side, near the door.
107) 1) dialog: (bristling with confidence)
107) 3) dialog: I believe I saw him first and then alerted Brown.  I'm not convinced that he wasn't taking a snooze on top of the box.  Anyway, we had our man pinned down and I must say, Brown acquitted himself admirably.  Of course the gun was a fake, but all the same, it was well done. No-one registers BROWN.  But while VICTORIA does not look at him, she is acutely aware of his presence.
107) 5) dialog: A toast.  Victoria Regina! The others raise their glasses in unison.