71) 15) dialog: Forgive me, gentlemen.  I'm late.
71) 17) dialog: I came as quickly as I could.
71) 19) dialog: (completely lost)
71) 20) text: I beg your pardon? DISRAELI opens the copy of Punch and hands it to Dean Wellselly.  The Dean clears his throat and starts to read
71) 22) text: One of our madder brethren in the house was calling for disestablishment of the monarchy. Dean Wellselly looks up from the article, horrified.
71) 23) dialog: Good Lord.
71) 28) text: I was just telling Stanley how vital it is that the nation should feel the visible influence of the Sovereign.  As a reminder that Parliament, indeed my own ministry, depends on the will of the Queen. DEAN WELLSELLY nods his head gravely.  Over his shoulder, STANLEY is gaping at DISRAELI's silky distortion of the party political maneuver into a moral imperative.
71) 29) dialog: I couldn't agree with you more, but I am only Dean of Windsor.  I don't understand what ... DISRAELI interrupts.
71) 31) dialog: What can we do?
82) 0) text: VICTORIA walks through the ornate chapel, nervously fingering her handkerchief.  Waiting for her, smiling softly, is the Dean of Windsor, DEAN WELLSELLY.
82) 1) dialog: You wished to see me, ma'am? She holds his eyes for a moment, then nods.
83) 0) text: A few minutes later, VICTORIA and DEAN WELLSELLY are seat in a corner of the chapel, talking softly.  She cannot bring herself to look at him and so does not notice how carefully he is watching her throughout the interview.  This is incredibly hard for her to say, but she struggles to be as honest as possible.
83) 3) text: Friends close to me now. She stops herself.  She is crying.  DEAN WELLSELLY watche her a moment, then speaks close, choosing his words carefully.
83) 4) dialog: Your Majesty, a settled resignation is more lasting proof of affection than active grief.  If the good Lord sees fit to bring one into contact with congenial fellow beings, one should not analyze one's reaction too deeply.  To allow oneself to be comforted by someone else need not imply any disloyalty to the memory of the loved one. Silence.  VICTORIA stares into the long, dark chapel.  Gradually, as she takes in the tone of his remarks, her disappointment turns to anger.
105) 1) dialog: ... praise and magnify thy glorious name for that thou has raised thy servant Albert Edward, Prince of Wales from the bed of sickness.  We pray thee to perfect the recovery of thy servant and to crown him day by day with more abundant blessings both for body and soul, through Jesus Christ our Lord ... The CONGREGATION mutters a vast ...
106) 0) text: VICTORIA and other members of the ROYAL FAMILY walk down the steps towards the cheering crowd.  As DEAN WELLSELLY and BROWN follow, BROWN sees ARTHUR O'CONNER break from t onlookers, pulling out a gun.  BROWN yells out: