37) 3) dialog: This nation is fortunate in so much as it is not governed by force...
38) 1) dialog: ... but by a chain of traditions that have been cherished from generation to generation, because in them -- in our traditions -- are embodied all the laws which have enabled us to create the greatest empire of modern times... During the above, the cartoon reaches the front benches a lands on the knees of the young, earnest STANLEY.  As he frowns at the picture in front of him, DISRAELI winds up.
38) 2) dialog: ... but, even though we have amassed great capital and even though we have established an industry with no parallel in the world, yet all these mighty creations are as nothing compared to the invisible customs that shape our lives.  To those honorable gentlemen of the opposition who seek to destroy the essential elements of this country, I say let them remember: England cannot begin again. During this peroration, we see DISRAELI for the first tim He is handsome, obviously Jewish and wire thin, like Dickens on Slimfast.  He dresses almost dandyishly but speaks with startling vigor; a combination of brilliance and cheek that is his key.  To cheers from his back benchers, he sits. As he looks up, he catches the eye of his opposite on the Liberal benches.  GLADSTONE is different in almost every respect; dour, dogged, heavy-set and tall.  They stare levelly for a second, then DISRAELI flashes a brilliant smile. STANLEY plops the cartoon on his lap.
39) 0) text: A few minutes later, DISRAELI and STANLEY are strolling down the busy lobby corridor.  Throughout their talk, Tor back-benchers bustle up to pat their hero on the back and offer their congratulations.
39) 2) dialog: The cartoon or Her Majesty's absenteeism?
39) 4) dialog: The question is, do we need her?
39) 6) dialog: My dear Stanley, a Prime Minister with only a handful of friends must respect public opinion. The pass GLADSTONE in a huddle of cohorts.
39) 7) dialog: Gossip counts.  Lord Aberdeen was right.  This country is not governed by wisdom but by talk. (beat)
39) 10) dialog: We'll see which way the wind blows. DISRAELI sweeps through a prattle of back-benchers.
50) 0) text: A few days later, a party of ARISTOCRATS, MINISTERS, DIPLOMATS, ESCORTS, BUSINESSMAN and WHORES.  Into this brouhaha come DISRAELI, his elderly wife MARY ANNE and th young STANLEY.  It is all eyes and nods here.  Everyone knows everyone.
50) 1) dialog: Ah, the greasy pole.
50) 3) dialog: It's my position I'm thinking of. Across the room, STANLEY spots BERTIE amid a crowd of acolytes.
50) 5) dialog: I hope he got his mother's permission. STANLEY smiles faintly.  DISRAELI homes in on a punter an raises his hand, already working the room.
50) 6) dialog: Lord Salisbury!
51) 2) text: Why is the Queen penny-wise and pound foolish?  Because she looks after the Browns and lets the sovereigns take care of themselves! A peal of naughty laughter.  Unseen, DISRAELI steps up.
51) 3) dialog: And in your opinion?  Is she foolish? The SOCIETY LADY stares blankly back.
51) 5) dialog: What?
51) 7) text: Mr Brown. DISRAELI stares at her steadily, already thinking ahead.
51) 8) dialog: La superstition met le monde entier en flammes.
51) 11) dialog: (changing tack)
51) 16) dialog: He would hardly make a very good personal assistant if he did not.
53) 0) text: DISRAELI and MARY ANNE stand with BERTIE and his ACOLYTES
53) 2) dialog: Your Royal Highness.  What a pleasure to see you here.
53) 4) dialog: I don't think I've had that pleasure. DISRAELI shakes hands with the fat sugar tycoon who wobbl with drink.  MARY ANNE engages him in conversation while BERTIE turns DISRAELI aside.
53) 6) dialog: I take no account of gossip, Your Highness.
53) 8) dialog: Of course.
53) 11) dialog: I see.
53) 13) dialog: A situation?
53) 16) dialog: I'm flattered you think so.
53) 19) dialog: Quite. A beat.
53) 22) dialog: To know when he'll be king.
71) 0) text: An hour later the house is empty except for a few straggling MPs hurrying home.  An exhausted DISRAELI stan in the corridor with STANLEY.
71) 1) dialog: We're going to lose.
71) 3) dialog: Gladstone's got his party facing the same way for the first time in years.  We need help. (long beat)
71) 6) dialog: Mrs Brown.
71) 8) dialog: In the press, perhaps. (holding up Punch)
71) 11) dialog: What's her excuse this time?
71) 14) dialog: I was trying to imagine "rather upset." The elderly prelate, DEAN WELLSELLY, hurries in through t lobby doors.  DISRAELI puts on a welcoming smile.
71) 16) dialog: Not at all, Dean.  Good of you to spare the time.
71) 18) dialog: You've seen the latest cartoon in Punch, I take it?
71) 20) text: I beg your pardon? DISRAELI opens the copy of Punch and hands it to Dean Wellselly.  The Dean clears his throat and starts to read
71) 21) dialog: (as Wellselly reads)
71) 26) dialog: (the hard glove)
71) 28) text: I was just telling Stanley how vital it is that the nation should feel the visible influence of the Sovereign.  As a reminder that Parliament, indeed my own ministry, depends on the will of the Queen. DEAN WELLSELLY nods his head gravely.  Over his shoulder, STANLEY is gaping at DISRAELI's silky distortion of the party political maneuver into a moral imperative.
71) 30) dialog: We hear from Balmoral that Mr Brown is interesting Her Majesty in some of the forms of worship associated with ... low-church Presbyterian. Silence.  DEAN WELLSELLY'S face is a picture of unrestrained horror.  Low-church.  Presbyterian.
71) 32) dialog: Oh, several things.
86) 1) dialog: Yesterday, Gladstone talked for three hours on the Irish Church Bill ... I am as guilty as the rest of underestimating his reforming zeal. Tory days may be numbered, but I fancy there yet remains one last hope of deliverance.  Wheresoever the blame lies, we must now close ranks and defend Mrs Brown's England.  As for my interminable journey to the land of Calvin, oatcakes and sulphur ...
87) 0) text: DISRAELI hurries through the pouring rain.
87) 1) dialog: ... no Prime Minister made greater sacrifice than attempting to run the country six hundred miles north of civilization. Reaching the castle, he hurries inside and the great door bang behind him.
88) 0) text: The next day. QUEEN VICTORIA is playing the piano like she walks, with great vim and vigor.  The tune is some quaint Scottish ballad which she belts out in her clear strong voice, almost drowning out PRINCE ARTHUR, PRINCE LOUISE and PRIN LEOPOLD who are meant to be accompanying her.  They stand in a nervous semi-circle, fumbling their harmonies.  Ignoring them completely, VICTORIA bobs up her head with quizzical smile to make sure she is being appreciated. DISRAELI and the rest of the HOUSEHOLD stand a few yards off, smiling rigidly.  DISRAELI, the consummate politicia to his inch-high insteps, out-smiles the lot of them.  Th man is in raptures of delight.  And the more liquid his smiles, the happier he makes VICTORIA.  He beams, she belts, until her children are drowned out completely. And then, with characteristic suddenness, VICTORIA stops playing and launches into one of her tirades.  The HOUSEHOLD wobbles in shock like children on a switch-back but DISRAELI glides smoothly from delight to sober concer
88) 2) dialog: Your Majesty remains at the very epicenter of governance.  As for your people, look no further than the sales of your Highland Journals to see in what affection the nation holds their Queen. (beat)
88) 5) dialog: Of course I understand your concern.  You miss your people. (a pause)
88) 8) dialog: Indeed, and for that they are eternally grateful.
88) 10) dialog: In so many ways ... and yet it is your presence they crave.  A figurehead. VICTORIA has the measure of him.
88) 12) dialog: Forgive me, ma'am, I cannot speak for the nation, only for myself.  As Prime Minister I confess I miss your presence, but that is only an expression of my own selfish desires and I should not burden you with it. The Household waits.  Has he clawed himself back?  VICTOR acknowledges his apology.  Her voice drops and she talks directly to DISRAELI, straight from the heart.
88) 15) dialog: No, ma'am. At this moment the far door opens and BROWN walks in.
88) 18) dialog: (taking him in)
88) 22) dialog: A man can refuse only so many invitations from his Queen.  It was remiss of me not to come earlier. VICTORIA smiles.  BROWN stares.
88) 24) dialog: I am a blank sheet.
88) 26) dialog: Occasionally.
88) 28) dialog: To shoot perhaps, but not to kill.
88) 30) dialog: Well then, I'll do my best.
89) 0) text: Staying close to the ground we develop through a series o shots showing the other highlands -- sheet rain against heather and gorse, rivulets of water slashing through mud crude pathways sliding in wind and all ball-breakingly cold. Coming up the hill, we begin to make out a hunting party. The sound first.  Like a small army, crashing their way u the winding path.  GHILLIES urging on their horses and dogs, guns and equipment jangling off pony-hacks an then the tall figure of JOHN BROWN striding out in front. Making no concession to anyone, he force-marches them up the hill, eyes on the hunt ahead. Behind them trot the me on horseback -- DISRAELI, PONSONBY, BERTIE and other GENTLEMEN, each led by GHILLIES and ATTENDANTS, among the ARCHIE. Suddenly, BROWN stops and raises a hand.  The party halts He listens for a second.  Satisfied that he has found his quarry, he brings his hand down and the party of gentleme dismount as quietly as they can. As he waits, BROWN winces slightly from the pain in his side.  He pulls a flask of whiskey from his sporran and drinks.  All the time, DISRAELI keeps his eyes on BROWN.
90) 0) text: The stalking. Everyone is now fanned out along the hillside, a ghillie each gentleman, slowly and silently moving up the hill. DISRAELI stalks with BROWN, panting hard to keep up, eyes on his man, trying to make no sound. Suddenly, BROWN stops.  Very slowly he rises.  DISRAELI rides alongside and sees ... A huge stag staring majestically across the hillside. Keeping his movements smooth and slow, BROWN brings up hi rifle, cocks it and offers DISRAELI the kill.  With a deferential gesture of the hands, DISRAELI declines.  BRO stares at him a split-second, raises the rifle to his shoulder and fires.
92) 0) text: BROWN sweeps in from the hunt, DISRAELI dripping at his side.
92) 3) dialog: (smiling)
92) 4) text: Quite. BROWN pulls out his flask and offers some to DISRAELI, wh declines.  He watches BROWN take a long swig.
96) 0) text: BROWN crashes out of a side-door -- just fully dressed -- to be met by the smiling figure of DISRAELI.  He is got u in smart walking boots, plus-fours and a tweed jacket.
96) 2) dialog: I've been called back to London.  My last day.  I thought I might take a walk on Lochnagar. BROWN stares straight back.
97) 0) text: An hour later, BROWN leads DISRAELI up the hill.  BROWN h his head down, on with the job.  DISRAELI slows to a halt
97) 1) dialog: Princes and Lords are but the breath of kings, An honest man's the noblest work of God. (beat)
97) 4) dialog: Forgive me, I've called you out and you should have been resting.
97) 6) dialog: You're injured.
97) 8) dialog: Still, someone must attend you.  Your wife should not have let you out.
97) 10) dialog: (deadpan)
97) 13) dialog: I confess, I sometimes feel as if I am not married myself, I see my wife so little.  But I'm forgetting the rewards. He looks across.  BROWN keeps staring ahead.
97) 14) dialog: The look on their faces when one walks into the room.  Still gives one a ridiculous thrill.
97) 16) dialog: Surely --
97) 19) dialog: Was there never ambition?
97) 22) dialog: Then I envy yo.
97) 24) dialog: To have achieved one's ambition, or to have reconciled oneself to its limits, is a lifetime's work.
97) 26) dialog: For Her Majesty.
97) 28) dialog: But yourself? (beat)
97) 32) dialog: No other aspiration? BROWN stares for a long moment.  Finally he speaks.
97) 34) dialog: You will not be unaware of the threat now posed by Republicanism.
97) 36) dialog: Ah, but therein lies the paradox.  It is her very isolation that encourages the malcontents.  The longer she is away, the stronger they become; and who, honestly, can promise security against that?  However many doors you lock, someone will always get in.  Even here. BROWN watches him, eyes alert.
97) 38) dialog: The truth is, the Queen would be safer doing her duty and returning south to her public.  John Bull loves her and John Bull is her best defense.
97) 40) dialog: She trusts you, John. DISRAELI is right on his shoulder now, like his own voice
97) 42) dialog: See what?
97) 45) dialog: They aren't as watchful as you.
97) 47) dialog: The greasy pole.
97) 49) dialog: No love. Silence.  For a moment BROWN seems unaware that someone else has said that.
97) 51) dialog: For once in my life, I am not the issue.
97) 53) dialog: In time, she will.
97) 55) dialog: But others will know that you acted for the greater good. BROWN stares off into the distance.
107) 7) dialog: The people of England have expressed in a manner which cannot be mistaken, that they will uphold the ancient monarchy of England ...
108) 0) text: DISRAELI is delivering his come-back speech at a banquet Tory delegates.
108) 1) dialog: ... If the first great object of the Tory Party is to maintain the institutions of the country, the second is, in my opinion, to maintain the Empire of England ... the hereditary, the traditionary policy of the Tory Party.  Go to your homes, teach them these truths, which will soon be imprinted on the conscience of the land ...