37) 0) text: VROOM! A VOLKSWAGEN KARMANN GHIA ROARS past camera, speed down a winding road carved out of the forest above LAKE BERRYESSA. Two college kids, BRYAN HARTNELL at the wheel, CECELIA SHEPHARD next to him. Young. Pretty. Smitten. September 27, 1969 - Napa County, California
38) 0) text: The sun, creeping down. The light's gone golden. Bryan an Cecelia lie side by side, on a peninsula. Two trees shade them. No one else in sight. (CONTINUED)
38) 3) dialog: This used to be a town. The county decided the land would work better as a lake, so they flooded it. There's an entire-
38) 6) dialog: It's a public park.
38) 8) dialog: Well, we're very good looking. Cecelia playfully swats him. Looking back to the brush.
38) 11) dialog: (still not looking) So? He's taking a leak. A beat.
38) 16) dialog: Whatever you say. We'll cooperate, okay? What do you want us to do? The Man motions for them to stand. They do. Bryan is "water side" standing parallel to the man. Cecelia is to Bryan's right. The Man keeps his distance. Bryan pulls ou the his wallet and tosses it. Searching his pockets for t keys, motor-mouthing:
38) 17) dialog: You're welcome to everything I have, but is there something more I could do? Could I give you a check or something?
38) 19) dialog: I could give you my phone number, and, you know- maybe I could give you more help than you think you need-
38) 22) dialog: Can I ask you a question? I read in Reader's Digest that thieves don't always have their guns loaded-
38) 27) dialog: I am, I am. (finding them) Here's the keys. Bryan tosses them.
38) 29) dialog: Okay. He pulls some lengths of hollow core clothesline from beh his back. Hands them to Cecelia who immediately goes behi Bryan and begins tying his hands behind his back, loosely Bryan, to Cecelia as she works:
38) 30) dialog: (whispering) I might be able to get the gun-
38) 33) dialog: I won't-
38) 35) dialog: I'm not doing anything, okay?
38) 37) dialog: (after a bit; as she ties) What was the name of that prison? The Man doesn't respond. They stand in silence as Cecelia finishes. The Man immediately goes to her and begins bind her hands behind her back (he may have holstered the gun do this). (CONTINUED)
38) 40) dialog: You said it was in Montana, right?
38) 44) dialog: Come on, man. I didn't complain when you tied our hands-
38) 46) dialog: It gets cold at night, we could freeze- The Man steps points the gun at him at point blank range:
38) 48) dialog: Now that it's all said and done - was the gun really loaded? The Man pops the clip. Removes a SHINY BULLET. Showing Bryan. Then puts it away. Moving behind him, out of his line of vision. Bryan, lying there, trying to figure out he's going to get himself untied once the Man leaves when The Man pulls the KNIFE from the scabbard and STABS BRYAN THE BACK. It happens so quick, it takes a moment for Cece to realize what's happening. And then she begins to SCREA The Man pulls the knife out of Bryan. RAISES IT AGAIN... And Dear God, we're actually going to have to watch this. (CONTINUED)
39) 0) text: Later. The screaming is done. The sun, almost down. Cecelia has rolled to her side. Her bound wrists now up b Bryan's mouth and he's trying to CHEW THEM FREE. He spits out some rope. Pulling at the knot with his teeth between sobs... Her hand comes free. She moves... and SCREAMS. We can't hear it, because OVER THIS WE HEAR - More coins in pay phone. Dialing. Ringing...
39) 5) dialog: I'll get someone... Somehow, he manages to STAND. Stooped over, arms crossed around his stomach. Just one step is an amazing effort. Bryan takes three before COLLAPSING. He only made it six feet. He rises again. Walks again. Falls again. Finally he gives up... And begins to crawl. 37 38 39 FINAL SHOOTING SCRIPT 24.
40) 0) text: ..-above the Lake. Bryan's car, still pulled off to the s of the empty road. A PARK RANGER slows at the abandoned c Nothing out of the ordinary. He rolls his eyes. Kids. He drives on. We stay on the car. Slowly moving to the passenger side to reveal SCRAWLED IN MARKER ON THE DOOR: °
103) 0) text: A REEL TO REEL TAPE - Playing back the television program BRYAN HARTNELL, the survivor from Berryessa. Listening.
103) 1) dialog: It's not him. Voice is too high, too young. Toschi shuts off the tape.
103) 3) dialog: I got it. Armstrong steps back. Bryan finally manages to straighten and grips a cane. He slowly hobbles out of the booth. Toschi watches him go. Pained. Once he's out of earshot:
167) 0) text: Arthur Leigh Allen, pulling up in WHITE KHARMANN GHIA - IDENTICAL to Bryan Hartnell's. Allen gets out. Lumbering. Slows when he sees the detectives.