2) 0) text: -- becoming a fight.  JANE, 30s, dark-haired, furious, wh across a diminutive, neat, but poor living room.
2) 1) dialog: It'll take a month to probate the will, Nell!  A month!  Even if Mother left you something, you won't get it in time to pay the rent.  So instead of complaining, you should be thanking Lou for getting you these two weeks to get Mother's things packed.
2) 2) text: At first we can't even see who she's yelling at.  At firs even notice her.  Then we do... Holding herself, in a dim corner away from the light, sma like a part of the faded room is ELEANOR VANCE, 20's -- N She stares at the door.  The clothes line raps at the beg glass. JANE (cont'd) Nell?
2) 3) text: The wind dies, the banging stops.  Nell seems to hear Jan peers over at her, then across the room to Jane's bored h LOU.  He's turning a Franklin Mint commemorative coin set hands, studying it.
2) 5) text: Nell watches Jane's little boy, RICHIE.  Unpacified by th cartoons on the TV, he plows a plastic tank across a shel neat rows of delicate PORCELAIN DOLLS.
2) 8) dialog: Nell.  A job?  Two months and where is this job?  You have no degree, you've never worked --
2) 11) dialog: You have no experience in the world... the regular world.  What  would you put on a resume? (beat, softening) Now we all appreciate what you did  for Mother.  Isn't that right,  Lou?
2) 13) dialog: That's why we've been talking. With me getting more time in Accessories, and Lou at the shop  all day, we need somebody to take  care of Richie, do a little  cleaning and cooking.  And in  return you can have the extra  room.
2) 18) text: Nell turns away, sick, breathing hard. Jane picks up a JEWELRY BOX from a dresser.
2) 19) dialog: You're sure this is all of  Mother's jewelry?  The lawyer said  to make sure we took it to him... (beat) He said there might be some  antique pieces.  Have you seen anything?  Some of it might be valuable.
2) 20) text: Nell knows what is going to happen to that jewelry.  Jane can bear the weight of Nell's stare, checks her watch.  S Lou.  Lou rises, pocketing the coin set.  Richie follows JANE (cont'd) Think about our offer, Nell.  You  don't know how hard it is out  there.