2) 3) text: The wind dies, the banging stops.  Nell seems to hear Jan peers over at her, then across the room to Jane's bored h LOU.  He's turning a Franklin Mint commemorative coin set hands, studying it.
2) 4) dialog: You're still going to have to settle with your mother's landlord  on the back rent.
2) 12) dialog: Eleven years.  Long time.
2) 14) text: She goes to Lou, puts a hand on his shoulder, proud of he generosity.  All Nell can do is stare. And then: KNOCK KNOCK.  Like a shot Nell is out of the ch turning for a set of FRENCH DOORS across the room.  It's reflex.  Nell catches herself. KNOCK KNOCK.  Richie, lying on the couch like he's sick, the wall with a wooden CANE and squeals:
2) 17) dialog: Richie, knock it off before I beat  the crap out of you!
2) 20) text: Nell knows what is going to happen to that jewelry.  Jane can bear the weight of Nell's stare, checks her watch.  S Lou.  Lou rises, pocketing the coin set.  Richie follows JANE (cont'd) Think about our offer, Nell.  You  don't know how hard it is out  there.
7) 0) text: Nell sits at her tiny kitchen table, water glass and Tyle front of her.  The necklace dangles from her fingers.  Sh mesmerized by it.  Then she undoes the hasp.  The clothes outside BATTERS louder -- -- and, defiant, Nell puts the necklace on.  She closes h Silence.  The battering has stopped.  A BEAT.  And then t RINGS.  Nell opens her eyes.  The phone RINGS.  Keeps rin Nell, feeling the drug, finds her way to the phone and pi
33) 10) text: And with that Mrs. Dudley grins, rictus-like.  She turns the door after her. Nell stands there a long moment, the room silent, heavy, goes to the windows, peers out.  Nothing but forest for m sun is setting. Nell removes her windbreaker, opens her suitcase, takes o blouse and skirt.  Decent enough clothes, but cheap, the on them.
52) 15) text: They go in.  The house is outlined by the sky and clouds moon.
71) 0) text: Nell lies asleep under her sheet, the blankets off the en bed.  HOVERING OVER HER, on the headboard, the carved fac children, peering DOWN. FLAP.  FLAP flap.  The fan-light at the top of the window to the bed is OPEN a crack.  The sheer curtains flap list gentle breeze.  The flapping grows louder, and with a sud the curtain BILLOWS OUT.  In its flowing form, we sense t A GIRL'S FACE, fleeting, so insubstantial we know we just but maybe our eyes are playing tricks on us. The CURTAIN blows straight out, touching the bedposts at the bed, and there the wind catches the fabric hanging fr The Wind seem to sneak under the bedcover and the shape f Nell sleeps, oblivious, the WIND filling the room, stirri tinkling crystal beads on the candelabra.  The shape of t girl's face now travels underneath the bedsheets toward t toward Nell. Nell turns, restless, the AIR catches the edge of the pil and travels towards Nell's face.  And for a split second lifelike IMPRESSION OF A SMALL GIRL'S FACE.  Nell almost The crystal beads stir, and in their tinkling, in the sig we hear:
72) 5) text: Theo is aware of Marrow's curiosity and fascination with There's a jealousy brewing.
72) 14) text: Nell sits there flustered.  Marrow senses the jealousy, i sure what to make of it, and intervenes.
73) 0) text: CLOSE ON the complex PUZZLE of a field-cognition test.  N scratches solutions, erases, and finally looks up in frus She sits alone, tiny, in the murk of the vast vaulted Gre The enormous chimney occupies half the wall on one side o Clusters of furniture -- overwrought chairs with animal h splay-footed coffee tables, limbed lamps -- huddle in str silent covens throughout.  Nell, in a plush chair, lays t a table beside her.  The CLATTER of stone on stone makes up. The fireplace looms just beyond her cluster of chairs, la for a man to stand in.  A piece of mortar must have come Nell stares at the chimney.  And a VOICE lets out a loud Nell JUMPS.  She pops out of the chair.  It came from ano of furniture in the shadows.  A figure stands and comes o Luke, stretching. LUKE (cont'd) I've been thinking about these  carvings.  Kids.  Lots of kids.   Fat little angel kids.  Wild kids.   Kids with furry animals.
78) 0) text: Light filters in through gaps in the wood.  Luke opens on main doors with a loud SQUEAK, the sun revealing a TARP-C SHAPE, a carriage.  Unused in a hundred years.  A row of covered carriages fill the stalls into the distance.
90) 3) text: Nell, disturbed but not knowing what to make of it, rises gravestone, turns to the next.  ELISA CRAIN AUGUST 21ST, clears it away: August 21, 1878.  The blasphemous epitaph NELL (cont'd) A father's joy unjustly snatch'd  by a jealous God...
99) 0) text: Nell, her breathing heavy, lies tangled in her heavy blan asleep, but restless.  Her feet hang off the end of the b In the b.g., the door to the bathroom is shut, barely vis faint light from the window.  HOLD on it. Silently, it begins to OPEN.  The gap WIDENS, yawning, pi beyond.  A long beat.  And then a THUMP.  A SLIDING SOUND Something drags itself across the floor. BUMP.  SLIDE.  Our line of sight is blocked by the bed. sound is getting louder, coming closer. Bump.  Slide.  Nell grinds her teeth in her sleep, pulls blankets about her tighter.  Bump.  The sound stops.  And BEGINS TO FOG. Whatever has just come in the room is right there, hoveri We can feel it. Without warning Nell BOLTS upright, GASPING into consciou REVEAL: nothing.  Just the dark room.  And the bathroom d Nell stares at the-door, knows she shut it.  Now it's ope breaths fast, feeling the cold, knowing something's in he her. She stops breathing, strains her ears.  Silence.  A long Then she notices her feet, hanging out from under the cov They are black.  Feel slick.  Nell turns on the light by looks down. HER FEET ARE COVERED IN GORE.  Where Theo had been painti SCREAMS.
111) 3) text: Gaping cold and stench hit her.  She gags. Now the CRY comes from under the door.  Present.  Real. there.  Nell shudders. The CRY grows louder, desperate.  She shuts her ears to i rises to fearsome rage, not sounding like a child anymore sounding like anything human at all, it's painful.  Nell the locked room in horror and takes off running.
117) 4) text: In the place of the babbling, another sound.  High-pitche out.  A CHILD'S CRY.  Nell reacts. The cry wails louder, coming through the wall.  It's a wa agony.  A wail not of this earth.  Nell struggles, racked the pain in her hand and the tortured child's cry. NELL (cont'd) A child.  No.  No!  I'm right  HERE!
127) 3) text: Nell climbs higher and higher into the dark reaches above AS SHE CLIMBS: through the greenhouse windows we see the the clouds driven by the wind, the moon, old vines wrappe skin of the greenhouse... and the shapes and shadows of t seem to shift as if it was alive... Nell reaches the landing.  The stair case rolls back and beneath her.  A beat.  And then BAM!  The door slams open
127) 24) text: Nell looks UP at him, hazy. And THEN BEHIND MARROW: the shifting clouds, the moon, th and suddenly all these random elements behind him form a hideous face and in front of it a hand, and the hand is r forward to PUSH MARROW OFF THE STEPS. After we scream, NELL SCREAMS.
129) 0) text: Luke sits on the closed toilet and watches Nell in the ad room.  Light from the bathroom falls across her fetal, cu in the bed. The door to Theo's room is open too.  Luke glances over. on her bed.  Marrow is slouched in a chair. Luke settles back against the wall. The HOUSE EXHALES, and the breath of the house is like th field in the Wizard of OZ; it brings on sleep.
158) 0) text: Theo, Marrow and Luke stand at the end of the dark hallwa stare at the gaping doors to the nursery at the far end. is coming from within.  Abruptly, it stops. And instead of Nell's tune, there's a repetitive CREAK. CREAK. In rising dread, Theo starts forward. It takes Marrow and Luke a moment to come after her.  The gets louder, unnerving. They get to the doors, Theo first.  She pushes them wide.