48) 0) text: The Grand Entry, where they bump into LUKE SANDERSON, 20' and cynical.
48) 1) dialog: Hi, Luke Sanderson, bad sleeper,  I'm your basic tosser-turner, and  you are...
48) 3) dialog: And what kind of sleeper?
48) 5) dialog: Obsessive worrier.  Join the club. (to Theo) And you?  I'd guess...
48) 13) dialog: (1950's alien  spaceman) Greetings fellow insomniac.
48) 16) dialog: Greetings.
48) 27) dialog: Who's Watts?
49) 2) dialog: (points to details; 
50) 0) text: A chandelier hangs unlit over a long dining table.  LAUGH the end Nell and the others sprawl over the remains of a which has been going on for hours.  Luke is opening anoth of jug wine.
50) 1) dialog: You know what I love about wine  that comes in bottles like this?
50) 3) dialog: Every year is a good year.
50) 7) dialog: Nah, you're going crazy with  doubt, all of your mistakes are  coming back up the pipes, and it's  worse than a nightmare. --
50) 9) dialog: Don't give me that look, it's  everybody's problem, we just have  different variations, I for  example.  I fall asleep easily.   But I wake up around two or three  in the morning, every morning.   It's that time of night that  Fitzgerald called the deep dark  night of the soul.  I stare  into... the abyss.  Every night. (breaks his own  somber mood) It's the price I pay for being  such a jolly fellow. (to Mary) Y usted?
51) 8) dialog: So why did you need the Addam's  Family mansion for a scientific  test?
51) 14) text: The others shuffle through papers, Nell and Todd intent o Theo interested but not overly so, Luke, bored.
52) 0) text: Marrow slams the door on the passenger side of Todd's car sits there, moaning, glass covering her eye, blood spilli around the edges.  Luke is on her side of the car.
52) 1) dialog: Keep your head back, that's it.
52) 5) dialog: That could have been worse.
52) 7) text: As they turn back, Marrow taps Luke.
52) 9) dialog: Sure.
52) 11) dialog: Why?
52) 14) dialog: I can keep a secret.
53) 0) text: Luke catches up with Nell and Theo as he reaches the mezz painting of Hugh Crain, barely visible in the shadows, lo behind.
53) 1) dialog: He said that Hugh Crain... Hugh  Crain was a monster.  He said that  he was a brutal, horrible man.  He  told me that Crain drove his  workers to early deaths.  Crain  had children chained to the looms  in his mill.  And listen to this:  his beautiful Rene killed herself.
53) 5) dialog: He's trying to protect the  experiment.  Personally, I don't  think he's got a large enough  sample for valid results, but as  long as the money's good, and the  food is good, I'm in.
64) 2) dialog: Hey!  I heard screaming...
64) 4) text: She grabs for the door and lets Luke in.
65) 0) text: Nell's room stands silent, dark.  The door to the bathroo The lock slides open.  The door swings in.  Luke stands t two women behind him. Luke turns on the lights.  The room is perfectly ordinary that anything has been in here.  The door to the hall is reacts.
66) 0) text: Nell and Theo, wrapped in blankets, sit over mugs of tea kitchen table.  Marrow, across from them, clicks off his recorder.  Luke paces behind the women.
66) 2) text: Marrow takes his glasses off.  Luke looks at him, then go kitchen sink.  He turns both faucets on full blast and le against the sink, arms folded.  Theo and Nell turn to loo A beat.  And then: BUMP.  Bump bump.  It's the sound.  Luke goes over to the pushes it open.
66) 3) dialog: Oh, look!  There he goes, ol' Hugh  Crain!
68) 0) text: Luke lets the door shut, turns off the faucet.  The sound plumbing die away.
68) 1) dialog: Do you need me anymore?  Cause I'm  going to bed.  They can stay up  talking another 45 minutes if they  want, but I gotta try to get some  sleep.
68) 3) text: Luke leaves the kitchen.  Theo and Nell watch him go.
72) 8) text: Luke comes in behind Theo, tired-looking also.  He goes t sideboard, starts helping himself to breakfast.
72) 9) dialog: After I went to bed, the second  time, after the... noise... I had  the best night's sleep of my life.   Anybody?
72) 13) text: But she means exactly the opposite.  Marrow looks over Ne but she can't stand it.  Luke comes over to the table, dr chair next to Nell, digs into breakfast.  Theo's face tur artificial smile. THEO (cont'd) Your makeup too.
73) 0) text: CLOSE ON the complex PUZZLE of a field-cognition test.  N scratches solutions, erases, and finally looks up in frus She sits alone, tiny, in the murk of the vast vaulted Gre The enormous chimney occupies half the wall on one side o Clusters of furniture -- overwrought chairs with animal h splay-footed coffee tables, limbed lamps -- huddle in str silent covens throughout.  Nell, in a plush chair, lays t a table beside her.  The CLATTER of stone on stone makes up. The fireplace looms just beyond her cluster of chairs, la for a man to stand in.  A piece of mortar must have come Nell stares at the chimney.  And a VOICE lets out a loud Nell JUMPS.  She pops out of the chair.  It came from ano of furniture in the shadows.  A figure stands and comes o Luke, stretching. LUKE (cont'd) I've been thinking about these  carvings.  Kids.  Lots of kids.   Fat little angel kids.  Wild kids.   Kids with furry animals.
73) 2) dialog: Come on.  These are the typically  sentimental gestures of a depraved  industrialist.
73) 3) text: He puts his hand on a CHAIR, the back of which is heavily the motif he just described. Nell turns him an appalled look. LUKE (cont'd) Theo was working in the dining  room.  She's probably done by now.   You finish?
73) 5) dialog: I did okay.
73) 6) text: Nell looks at the test, tries to digest this. LUKE (cont'd) We could do this stuff anywhere.   I don't know what he's up to yet.   But like I said, that's the fun.   It has something to do with this  environment.
73) 7) text: Luke just smiles, rises.  We'll see. He walks off, his footsteps echoing in the vast room.  Th shuts after him. Nell sags in her chair.  Then something catches her eye. opposite, a SET OF KEYS.  Nell goes, picks them up.  Car keys.  Must be Luke's.  She pockets them, thoughtful, but she does -- -- something MOVES in the fireplace.  So fleeting Nell ca see it, and we only catch a frame of it.  But the iron ME hanging in front of the hearth is STILL SWAYING. Nell stands there FROZEN.  The massive fireplace LOOMS be like a monstrous mouth, black as pitch beyond the black m curtains. The swaying metal scrapes over brick floor.  Its eerie, r screep cutting to the nerve. Nell sits paralyzed, rooted to the chair.  SCREEP.  SCREE A SINGLE STRAND of NELL'S HAIR stirs toward the fireplace
75) 0) text: Nell and Theo stand behind Marrow and Luke across from th fireplace.  Theo glances at Nell.  Nell is shaken. Marrow nods to Luke, and they start forward together, Mar the furniture to the left, Luke down the right side. The iron screens hang silent in the fireplace, black, imp Marrow and Luke come up on either side, Luke ducking this that trying to get a glimpse through the mesh. They stop before it, neither breathing, both listening. steps forward and pulls one screen aside far enough to lo DARKNESS. Nell and Theo watch, apprehensive.
75) 4) text: Marrow looks at her, not sure what to believe.  Nell turn and Theo for help.  Not from that corner.  Then Nell reme reaches into her pocket and produces the KEYS.  She holds Luke. NELL (cont'd) Are these yours?  I found them  right over there.
75) 5) dialog: Who drives a Toyota?
76) 4) dialog: There's a carriage house around  back.
78) 0) text: Light filters in through gaps in the wood.  Luke opens on main doors with a loud SQUEAK, the sun revealing a TARP-C SHAPE, a carriage.  Unused in a hundred years.  A row of covered carriages fill the stalls into the distance.
78) 1) dialog: Well, this lot is full!
78) 5) dialog: Then he's got to be in the  house...
78) 7) text: Marrow, Theo and Luke move down the hall, opening doors l right as Nell stands at the center of it all.
79) 0) text: Luke calls out.
79) 1) dialog: Watts!  Oh Watts!  Here Wattsy...
84) 23) text: Nell's face flushes with compassion.  With longing.  Marr her.  He's vulnerable.  Needing.  She doesn't dare hope. lasts a few heartbeats. He looks away.  A flicker of distress crosses Nell's face she realizes Marrow is looking at -- -- Luke. LUKE (cont'd) You have to see something.
85) 0) text: Luke, Nell and Marrow mount the stairs, climb up and up. Theo in the mezzanine staring at the wall at the painting turns and looks at Nell strangely. Nell, confused, turns around.  On the wall and the painti stains.  Black.  Blue.  Runny.  Almost like something lea the roof has run down. Nell steps back.  The stains are the letters N and O.  Pu farther: the rest of the word ELEANOR.
86) 2) dialog: It's somebody's idea of a joke.
86) 5) text: Luke shakes his head.  Theo starts getting pissed.  Marro there, arms folded, observing.
86) 6) dialog: I didn't do it.
86) 8) dialog: So could you!  Is this some fucked  up idea of art, putting someone  else's name to a painting?
102) 0) text: Nell stares at the tableaux of Hugh Crain.  In the mornin seems inert, cold, just a statue.  Luke and Theo enter. doesn't seem to notice them until they're beside her.
102) 4) dialog: (lowers his voice) Don't tell the Professor; he'd  probably throw me out.  But test  taking is one of the ways I've  been supporting myself.  I  volunteer for every paid study  that they offer.  Of course  straight psych stuff doesn't pay  as much as the pharmaceuticals do,  or a good wound study.  Check it  out.
102) 5) text: He rolls up his sleeve revealing large, livid SCARS at in regular to be anything natural. LUKE (cont'd) A thousand dollars each.  Am I  sick?  Yes.  Do you know why I  only date freshmen?  By the time  they're sophomores, they've  figured me out.
102) 7) dialog: The whole thing feels like  experimental misdirection.  Like  he says it's about one thing, a  psychological profile of  environmental effects on  insomnia... and that'd be a  legitimate study, but I think that  we've been subjected to an  academic bait and switch; he's  really looking at something else.
112) 0) text: Nell bursts into the picture gallery and stops.  Standing Marrow, Theo and Luke, stricken silent by her entry.  Loo on their faces.  Nell just stands there.  A beat.  And th out of her, hysterical. NELL (cont'd) He hunted all those children in  here.  The dead children, Josiah  and Elizabeth and all of them...  from the books... he took them up  here... he played games... the  ones from his mills he burned them  up in the fireplace but she found  out what he did and she killed him --
112) 5) text: Luke races out.  Theo, scared, looks at Marrow. THEO (cont'd) What's happening to her?
112) 16) text: Luke rushes in with a blanket.  Theo covers Nell and then gently. MARROW (cont'd) Look at me, Nell.  Look at me!
112) 26) text: Theo glances at Luke: he's been right all along.  This wa about perception.
112) 27) dialog: Modelling small-group dynamics in  the formation of narrative  hallucinations.  You brought us  here to scare us.  Insomnia, that  was just a decoy issue.  You're  disgusting.
112) 51) dialog: Sometimes saying you're sorry is  just not enough.
112) 52) text: A disgusted Luke leaves the room.
114) 0) text: Luke eats chips.  Marrow stands by the door, arms folded, fact.
114) 2) dialog: Do we still get paid for the week?
114) 5) dialog: Is that the question of compassion  or science?
114) 7) dialog: She got the child labor stuff from  me.
116) 0) text: Luke stops Theo, carrying a tray of food and tea, outside kitchen door.
116) 2) dialog: You don't really believe it's  haunted... Do you believe in  ghosts?
116) 4) dialog: All night?
116) 6) dialog: You want company?
127) 6) dialog: Look, the stairs!
127) 7) text: Nell drags herself to the hand rail.  Marrow, Luke and Th into view below. They all react to the sight of Nell at the precarious top her insanely happy smile.  They think she's there to kill Just like Rene Crain. They all freak out in a chorus of 'Nell!  No, Nell!'
127) 10) dialog: It's not going to hold your  weight.
127) 14) dialog: Don't!
127) 15) text: The sudden shift is too much for the old stairs.  The sup CREASE and then the whole enormous column of steel from w is standing to the ground BURSTS from its supports. Luke shoves Theo aside, and the bottom half of the stairs out in a massive, deafening COLLAPSE.  Marrow's cellular out of his pocket and shatters in hundred pieces across t The top half of the stairs remains, still hanging from th Nell grips the railing at the top. Marrow hangs there by one hand over the razor tangle of s He flails out for the other stairway, swings himself over takes a moment for him to realize he almost just died.  A paralysis.  This is no longer an experiment.  No longer f games.
127) 17) text: There she is.  Marrow forces himself to start climbing th stairs.  Luke and Theo watch from below, tense. Then he's there.  Nell stands a mere arm's length from hi other side of the railing. MARROW (cont'd) Come on, Nell.  You have to climb  over and step back on the stairs.
128) 0) text: Marrow and Theo stand in the doorway to the shared bathro Luke finish taping a trash bag over Nell's broken window. in her bed, asleep or unconscious, it's impossible to say finishes, comes over.  Marrow is hushed, grim, exhausted.
128) 3) dialog: You used the wrong test.
128) 6) dialog: You're not telling us something.
129) 0) text: Luke sits on the closed toilet and watches Nell in the ad room.  Light from the bathroom falls across her fetal, cu in the bed. The door to Theo's room is open too.  Luke glances over. on her bed.  Marrow is slouched in a chair. Luke settles back against the wall. The HOUSE EXHALES, and the breath of the house is like th field in the Wizard of OZ; it brings on sleep.
132) 0) text: Luke's head rests solidly on the wall.  His eyes are clos his breath is fogging too.
134) 0) text: Luke is shocked awake in time to see Nell's room CONVULSE just before the DOOR SLAMS in his face.
134) 1) dialog: Oh my God...
136) 2) text: Luke can't make any words come out.  Marrow shoves him as the doorknob and thrashes at it. MARROW (cont'd) Help me!
136) 3) text: He braces Luke up, and then they lunge together, shoulder door.  It splinters out of its frame --
137) 2) text: Marrow recovers, reaches out for Nell, and the FACE in th turns on him.  The GAZE stops Marrow in his tracks.  He l into it and knows it's real.  Somehow, it is Crain. Luke appears from out of nowhere on the other side of the SMASHES off one of the wooden hands with a large brass ca Nell screams in surprise, but Theo drags her out of the b The head turns to them.  They flee.  Marrow backs away in fear.
138) 0) text: Luke and Theo drag Nell down the stairs into the Great Ha brings up the rear.  They retreat for the entry as Luke p jacket over Nell's shoulders.  Marrow stops, looks back u stairs.
138) 2) text: All there is are the sounds of Nell, Luke and Theo making hall to the entry.  The House is silent.
138) 3) dialog: No.
138) 4) text: Luke goes out.  But Nell pauses, stopping Theo with her. The House is quiet.  Marrow's hand still outstretched.  N around the room.  There are heads everywhere, faces: anim humans, gods, all staring from the woodwork, the carpets All turning to her. Theo looks around, but can't see what Nell is seeing.  Ne comes faster, disoriented, yet aware...
139) 0) text: Four cars sit behind the massive, locked gate, as far fro House as possible.  Marrow paces past the fence, staring road beyond leading out of this place, so close... Luke digs with a pen knife at the marble footing below th easy way under it.  He stands and gazes at the razor-shar twenty feet up.  There's no way to climb this.
140) 0) text: Nell sits in the passenger seat of her car, wrapped in he She stares out at the gate, at Luke and Theo consulting. appears in the window.
140) 10) text: Hill House looms behind her, windows forming eyes, the ca gaping mouth. Nell's dismay becomes a cold, terrifying understanding, a turns and stares back up at the House. Luke comes up with Theo on the other side of the car.
140) 12) dialog: -- how much is this car worth?
141) 0) text: Theo pulls Nell away from the drive.  Marrow stands back car where Luke belts in behind the wheel. Luke eases the car forward to the gate.  He advances unti bumper makes contact.  And then without further ado, REVS engine. The Buick grinds into the heavy steel bars.  The chain ti around the two halves of the gate, but shows not the slig strain.
142) 0) text: Luke grimaces, shifts into low, pours on the gas.
143) 0) text: The car fishes back and forth against the gate, hurling a gravel on the other cars off to the side of the road.  Ma and Theo move back. One of the Buick's headlights breaks.  The grill mashes i long moment the car struggles against the Gate.  No good. eases up. Theo looks at Marrow.  Luke puts the car in reverse.
143) 1) dialog: Get the hell out of the way!
143) 2) text: They back way up.  Luke vanishes up the drive in the car. the Buick comes around the corner, accelerating, slicing gravel road.
144) 0) text: Luke sits way back in the seat, grits his teeth, floors i at the gate...
147) 0) text: Luke gasps for the seat belt, the wind knocked out of him column pushed to his chest.  Marrow and Theo run up outsi sees him, sees he's not getting any closer than ten feet, looking back at the gas tank. Luke gets the seatbelt off, tries to open the door but it shut.  He struggles to get out from behind the wheel.  Sp from the battery.  Gas shoots out of the fuel pump onto t shattered window.  He knows he's in trouble.
147) 2) text: Finally Luke gets free of the wheel.  It's agonizing to w The passenger door is jammed shut too. He squirms into the back seat.  The rear doors are in the condition as the front.  But the rear window is blown out crawls out onto the trunk.
148) 0) text: Marrow hurries around the back of the car, staying clear of gas spreading about it.  Luke rolls off.  Marrow helps and gets him away a safe distance.
148) 1) dialog: I'm okay.  Okay.  Just my chest.   Just my wind knocked out.
148) 2) text: Marrow looks up at the gate.  It is even more impassible with the gasoline-saturated wreck in it.  No way to try a break-out either. LUKE (cont'd) Sorry about your car, Nell.
148) 3) text: He turns around.  The others do too. No Nell.  Luke and Theo look up.  Mute dread.  No Nell an
149) 0) text: The massive black door swings silently into the dark, vau Marrow pauses there, looks about, and then enters.  He ho iron. Luke does too.  He and Theo follow Marrow in.
151) 0) text: Marrow, Luke and Theo pause at the top of the stairs and both long, empty directions of the hallway. Then Marrow turns toward Nell and Theo's room.  The brass candelabra... in front of the open door. The rooms draw nearer, closer.  Not even the sound of the breathing. The door is ajar.  Marrow pushes it open with the tire ir room lies in silent disarray.  Normal disarray.  The bed The ceiling normal.  No Nell. Marrow and Theo REACT and enter the room.  Luke lingers o hall a moment.  And just as he steps in after them we HOL long, empty hall -- -- and a FIGURE glides across.  Far down at the other end disappears.  It was Nell.
154) 0) text: Marrow comes out of the bathroom, joining Theo by the win her bed.  Luke stands in the doorway.
154) 2) dialog: (worried) Where in the hell can she be.
155) 0) text: Marrow, Luke and Theo enter the greenhouse, the heavy gro forbidding in the darkness.  They spread out on the paral walkways.
157) 0) text: Marrow, Theo and Luke barge into the Great Hall.
157) 2) dialog: We can't stay here looking for  her.  She doesn't want to be  found...
158) 0) text: Theo, Marrow and Luke stand at the end of the dark hallwa stare at the gaping doors to the nursery at the far end. is coming from within.  Abruptly, it stops. And instead of Nell's tune, there's a repetitive CREAK. CREAK. In rising dread, Theo starts forward. It takes Marrow and Luke a moment to come after her.  The gets louder, unnerving. They get to the doors, Theo first.  She pushes them wide.
159) 7) dialog: Come on, Jesus!  Let's go!
159) 24) text: Luke closes in on Nell with Marrow, and there's nothing s but let herself be pulled along.
160) 0) text: Down the stairs they come, Luke out in front now, boundin half flight ahead.  Marrow and Theo support Nell between Nell looks up at the hooded painting of Crain, but is spu and taken down the next flight.
161) 0) text: Nell, Marrow and Theo reach the bottom of the stairs and Luke is halfway across the room, looking back to make sur with him -- -- and Nell digs her heels in, jerking Marrow and Theo to She stares.  The others follow her gaze. She's looking down the connecting hall, out to the entry front doors.  They're open.
161) 2) text: The DOOR BAMS SHUT with a concussion that rocks the entir sweeping Luke's jacket under it.  The HANDLES TURN, LOCK Stunned.  All stunned. A RUSH OF AIR.  The House EXHALES.  Silence.  And then CR They cast their eyes back up the stairs. BUMP BUMP.  Far-off sounds, hair-raising, of infinite var down the halls. NELL (cont'd) ...In the dark.
161) 3) text: Luke rushes from the room.
162) 0) text: Luke YELLS and throws himself at the front doors.  Marrow to help him and shoves the tire iron between the doors an Marrow throws the useless thing down and stands back. Luke joins him, and they shoulder block it together.  But is MASSIVE.  There's no way.
162) 1) dialog: No you bastard!  Break!
162) 6) text: He rushes down the hall, Luke right beside him, Nell and their wake.
163) 0) text: Luke's first barging into the kitchen.  Big windows all a wall.  Huge windows.  Marrow follows him in, Luke's fear into a vicious smile as he sees the towering windows. Nell and Theo are right behind in time to see Luke and Ma scooping up a table and chair respectively.
163) 1) dialog: Watch out!
163) 2) text: The men rush the same window, side-by-side, and let the h of furniture fly from ten feet. The WINDOW SHATTERS, dozens of panes blown out into the d beyond.  But the metal LATTICE remains, the chair's legs it. Marrow and Luke pause, taken back a beat.  They hustle ov Theo and Nell stand a few feet back. Luke grabs the chair, levers it, tries to pry open the me Marrow reaches through, knocking loose glass, trying to f sort of handle on the other side.
163) 4) text: Theo watches the door behind them.  Luke pries at the inc between him and freedom.  It won't break.
163) 12) text: Nell cinches the shoelace tight around his wrist. Luke throws down the chair, giving up on the window.
163) 13) dialog: Shit!  All right, you  sonofabitch...
164) 1) dialog: Maybe this'll get your attention!
164) 2) text: Luke flicks a LIGHTER out of his pocket.
164) 4) text: Before anyone can stop him, he LIGHTS a towering TAPESTRY He races from one to the next, lighting them.  Theo and N Marrow up, back away as Luke shoots by. All the tapestries are ON FIRE, blazing up like torches. At last, his rage spent, heaving, he moves to join the ot center of the room.  They stare at him, appalled, afraid. he has done something wrong. Luke stops.  Maybe fifteen feet away.  He sees their expr
164) 5) dialog: What?
164) 6) text: Nell looks over at the burning tapestries.  Heat sears th blackens the carved figures in the woodwork. The ruddy light casts deep shadows throughout the room. LUKE (cont'd) We'll get out after this wing  burns down.  Let's go.
165) 0) text: Luke looks at them helplessly.  An awful, impending beat. warning, the huge PERSIAN CARPET he's standing on JERKS o under him.  Luke falls on his stomach. Stunned, Luke looks straight into Nell's eyes.  Then the slides fast for the FIREPLACE.  It whips up to the hearth Luke flying through the chain curtains. The others are speechless.  They can do nothing but watch lays there on the ashdrop.  A long moment.
165) 4) text: BANG.  The blood-splattered LION'S HEAD drops open.  Luke falls out. Theo SCREAMS and SCREAMS again.  Nell backs away with Mar has the presence of mind to drag them away, but -- -- CLANG!  The ASH DROP OPENS.  The sudden sound stops th tracks. As they watch, it's as if the House INHALES.  And BOOM! Out of the ash drop EXPLODES a hail of BONES, SKULLS, FLY Nell, Theo and Marrow back up toward the Grand Staircase INCINERATED HUMAN REMAINS vomit from the fireplace, blast the floor, knocking over furniture with shocking violence bounce over wood.  Hundreds of them. Theo and Marrow cover their faces as shattered bits of bo teeth pelt them.  Nell is immune. They run up the Grand Staircase toward the top and finall reach them anymore.
175) 2) text: Marrow opens the book.  The Printer looks at the page ove shoulder. PRINTER (cont'd) (reads) This book is dedicated to Eleanor  Vance, Luke Sanderson, Rene Crain  and Carolyn Crain. (to Marrow) They'll be happy to see this.   Their names in a book, it kind of  makes them immortal, doesn't it?