20) 0) text: The gate stands immense.  Silent.  Forbidding.  Beyond th gravel drive curves away through the trees.  Nell kills h gets out, instructions in hand.  No one in sight.  A long She reaches in and blows the HORN. The HORN shatters the air, rackets off the trees beyond t echoing.  Silence. Nell blows the HORN a sustained staccato in annoyance.  T replies in a terrible, deafening battering of sound.  Nel her ears.  Silence once again. In a fit of agitation she goes to the padlock and rattles locked good.  She turns -- -- and there is a man right behind her.  It is MR. DUDLEY tied back like an ex-hippie.  He stands between Nell and car door, weed spear in hand.  He smiles at her -- rough, massive.
20) 1) dialog: What do you want?
20) 3) dialog: Me?  No.  What are you doing here?
20) 5) dialog: Yeah, I'm Mister Dudley, the  caretaker.  What are you doing  here?
20) 8) dialog: Maybe she is...
21) 0) text: Nell looks at the gate, some part of her aware it's a poi return.  Mr. Dudley eases over to her window.  Mr. Dudley one last look and goes to the gate.  He produces a keyrin undoes the padlock.
21) 2) dialog: That's a good question.  What is  it about fences?  Sometimes a  locked chain makes people on both  sides of the fence just a little  more comfortable.  Why would that  be?
21) 5) dialog: Mrs. Dudley'll be waiting for you.
88) 4) dialog: That's where she hanged herself.
88) 6) dialog: Rene Crain.  Up there.  Rope.   Ship's hawser.  Hard to tie.   Don't know how she got it.
88) 8) dialog: She stepped off the platform. (he looks up, with  a suggestive leer) They had long skirts in those  days.
88) 10) dialog: House is full of stories.  If you  know how to read these things,  it's an open book.  Just a  different library than the kind  you're used to.
88) 12) dialog: Why'd she kill herself?
88) 14) dialog: (what other reason  is there?) She was unhappy.
88) 16) dialog: Can't say.  Haven't been here that  long. (he's off) Well, it's Labor Day, gotta get to  work.
89) 0) text: Nell hurries away from the House, across the rear lawn, a herself as much as she is spooked. In the distance Mr. Dudley is walking toward the House wi paint cleaner an a ladder.  Nell stops, watching him.  He her, pauses, and smiles. Nell reacts.  Sees the ladder.  Then Mr. Dudley disappear House. Nell once again starts to hurry away, but looking back ov shoulder, almost impales herself on the rusted iron fence
172) 0) text: Theo and Marrow stand on the far side of Nell's wrecked c other side of the gate Mr. Dudley is undoing the chain. stares at the ragged duo.
172) 2) text: Mr. Dudley can barely get one side of the gate open with crushed in it.  Theo and Marrow emerge, dazed, into the r again.
172) 3) dialog: You find out what you wanted to  know, mister?
174) 0) text: Theo and Marrow stand on the far side of Nell's wrecked c other side of the gate Mr. Dudley is undoing the chain. stares at the ragged duo.
174) 2) text: Mr. Dudley can barely get one side of the gate open with crushed in it.  Theo and Marrow emerge, dazed, into the r again.
174) 3) dialog: You find out what you wanted to  know, mister?