2) 2) text: At first we can't even see who she's yelling at.  At firs even notice her.  Then we do... Holding herself, in a dim corner away from the light, sma like a part of the faded room is ELEANOR VANCE, 20's -- N She stares at the door.  The clothes line raps at the beg glass. JANE (cont'd) Nell?
2) 3) text: The wind dies, the banging stops.  Nell seems to hear Jan peers over at her, then across the room to Jane's bored h LOU.  He's turning a Franklin Mint commemorative coin set hands, studying it.
2) 5) text: Nell watches Jane's little boy, RICHIE.  Unpacified by th cartoons on the TV, he plows a plastic tank across a shel neat rows of delicate PORCELAIN DOLLS.
2) 6) dialog: I'm not going to stay.  I'll get a  job.  I'll get my own apartment.
2) 7) text: Richie knocks a porcelain DOLL off, and it breaks all ove carpet.  His parents don't notice.  But Nell feels it in Richie stops.  A long beat.  He looks at her, insolent, t on with his tank.
2) 9) text: Nell explodes in outraged fury, startling us.
2) 10) dialog: -- I've never worked? --
2) 14) text: She goes to Lou, puts a hand on his shoulder, proud of he generosity.  All Nell can do is stare. And then: KNOCK KNOCK.  Like a shot Nell is out of the ch turning for a set of FRENCH DOORS across the room.  It's reflex.  Nell catches herself. KNOCK KNOCK.  Richie, lying on the couch like he's sick, the wall with a wooden CANE and squeals:
2) 16) text: Nell REACTS, but rather than being amused or annoyed, a w TRAUMA flickers over her face.  The reaction is so strong instantly know something is very wrong.
2) 18) text: Nell turns away, sick, breathing hard. Jane picks up a JEWELRY BOX from a dresser.
2) 20) text: Nell knows what is going to happen to that jewelry.  Jane can bear the weight of Nell's stare, checks her watch.  S Lou.  Lou rises, pocketing the coin set.  Richie follows JANE (cont'd) Think about our offer, Nell.  You  don't know how hard it is out  there.
3) 0) text: Nell rams through the door into the small kitchen, spotle And then bursts into tears.  Shaking, she digs in her bac and pulls out a FINE FILIGREE NECKLACE.  Her mother's.  I an age gone by. Clutching the necklace, she goes back out the door.
4) 0) text: Nell crosses the living room straight for the closed Fren the glass obscured by gauze curtains.  She throws them op enters --
5) 0) text: -- what once was a dining room.  Transformed into a sick Drawn shades.  Dim.  The first traces of dust. Nell lingers in the doorway a beat, daunted. A perfectly made bed.  The PILLOW, however retains the IM of a head.  Lodged between the bed and a nightstand, a CA the opposite side of the bed is a plastic toilet.  I.V. s Shrouded white shapes. On the wall above the bed, a framed needlepoint counsels: FOR EVERYTHING, EVERYTHING IN ITS PLACE.  A bit of wisdom to live a life. A way Nell has lived for too long.  Seeing it galvanizes movement.  She goes to an old armoire, a medicine chest, removes a BOTTLE OF TYLENOL WITH CODEINE and marches out.
6) 0) text: Nell closes the doors on the chamber of horrors, exhales. been holding her breath.
7) 0) text: Nell sits at her tiny kitchen table, water glass and Tyle front of her.  The necklace dangles from her fingers.  Sh mesmerized by it.  Then she undoes the hasp.  The clothes outside BATTERS louder -- -- and, defiant, Nell puts the necklace on.  She closes h Silence.  The battering has stopped.  A BEAT.  And then t RINGS.  Nell opens her eyes.  The phone RINGS.  Keeps rin Nell, feeling the drug, finds her way to the phone and pi
7) 1) dialog: Hello?  Yes, this is Eleanor. -- Where?  Yes, it's right here.
7) 2) text: Nell listens for a long moment.  She picks up the classif flips through.  And there it is:
10) 12) text: A PHOTO OF NELL falls on the floor.  Marrow scoops it up. the photo of Nell up to Mary, and look at the written not studies the graphs that go with it. MARROW (cont'd) This is correct?
11) 0) text: Nell, in a rust-wormed old Buick, glances from the road t computer-drawn DIRECTIONS TO HILL HOUSE.  She HUMS A TUNE lonely, like a lullaby but eerie, off-key.
15) 0) text: Nell is pumping gas at a country station.  She is alone a pump.  As she finishes, she hears a BABY CRYING.  She loo She is immediately drawn by the sound. She moves to a car at another pump.  The car is empty.  T are rolled up.  She peers into the car, through the windo sees a toddler in a car seat.  The child is crying.  Nell around, no one is there.  She makes faces at the baby, co
15) 1) dialog: Hello Baby...
15) 4) text: Nell turns.  The Mother is a busy country mom, arms fille stuff from the gas station's market.
15) 5) dialog: She's okay.  She woke up and she  saw she was alone.
15) 8) dialog: That's all right.
15) 10) dialog: None.
15) 12) dialog: No.
15) 14) dialog: Maybe... maybe someday.  I'd like  that.
15) 15) text: The woman smiles in something like sympathy, and gets in When she does, we see a friendly GAS STATION ATTENDANT ap behind Nell. NELL (cont'd) Umm, I'm a little lost.
15) 17) text: Nell takes out her computer drawn directions and an old m
15) 18) dialog: They sent me directions and I've  got a map, but it's kind of  confusing.  Here... it's a place  called Hill House?
15) 22) dialog: What are you doing?
15) 25) dialog: Did I say something wrong to you?
15) 26) text: Nell slams the Buick door, and breathing hard, starts the She gets control, and puts the car in gear.  She's shaken
16) 0) text: Nell's Buick bounces over a country road.  The car works into the steep, switchbacking hills.
17) 0) text: Nell looks out at the forest, feels a chill.  The road is a tunnel through the forest than a road.
18) 0) text: Nell's car speeds through the trees, climbing the hills, higher into the awesome solitude.
19) 0) text: Nell takes a final switchback, and something off to the r catches her eye, then is gone in the trees.  She watches it.  There.  A glimpse of a gray stone property wall set twenty yards from the road. There it is again.  Moss-greened, twenty feet high, a wic of iron spikes and glass mortared atop it. And then out of the tangled forest in front of her looms immense stone pillars.  Between them, a steel GATE as hig wall, chained and padlocked.
20) 0) text: The gate stands immense.  Silent.  Forbidding.  Beyond th gravel drive curves away through the trees.  Nell kills h gets out, instructions in hand.  No one in sight.  A long She reaches in and blows the HORN. The HORN shatters the air, rackets off the trees beyond t echoing.  Silence. Nell blows the HORN a sustained staccato in annoyance.  T replies in a terrible, deafening battering of sound.  Nel her ears.  Silence once again. In a fit of agitation she goes to the padlock and rattles locked good.  She turns -- -- and there is a man right behind her.  It is MR. DUDLEY tied back like an ex-hippie.  He stands between Nell and car door, weed spear in hand.  He smiles at her -- rough, massive.
20) 2) dialog: Oh!  You scared me.
20) 4) dialog: Are you Mister Dudley, the caretaker?
20) 6) dialog: I'm with Dr. Marrow's group.  I'm  supposed to check in with Mrs.  Dudley up at the house.  Is she  here?
21) 0) text: Nell looks at the gate, some part of her aware it's a poi return.  Mr. Dudley eases over to her window.  Mr. Dudley one last look and goes to the gate.  He produces a keyrin undoes the padlock.
21) 1) dialog: Why do you need a chain like that?
21) 4) dialog: Is there something about the  house?
21) 6) text: Grinning, Dudley steps aside and Nell rolls through.  And he just grins wider.  Nell pulls away.  Disturbed, she wa in the rearview mirror.  She turns and in front of her sp House.  At center, the features of the oldest part of the dwarf all others: towering, eye-like windows and the jaws Grand Entry with carved ebony doors.
23) 0) text: Nell stops the car in front of the entrance, right inside carport.  In the silence all we can hear is her breathing
24) 0) text: Her car sits in front of the house, tiny, alone.  Its bra go off. The finger-like pillars of the car port seem like a hand the car in place under the House's gaze. Nell gets out of the car. Nell stares, daunted... yet there is something about the romance in its lilac heavy Gothic decay.  Nell feels it, to it.
25) 0) text: Nell, suitcase in hand, climbs the steps to the front doo closer inspection, the snaking shapes of the carved doors Garden of Eden.  At center on the knocker, a tarnished si takes the forbidden fruit from his counterpart Eve. Nell lifts Adam and knocks heavily.  There is no answer. looks around for some sign of life. Off to one side is a LADDER and PAINT CANS.  Somebody mus touching up the window trim. When she looks back the door is AJAR a fraction of an inc
25) 1) dialog: Hello?  Hello?  Mrs. Dudley?  Mrs.  Dudley, are you here?  Anybody?
26) 1) dialog: Wow...
26) 2) text: She turns around, sets her suitcase on the marble floor. hallway straight ahead seems to let onto some vast space, lit. And then Nell hears a SOUND.  Carrying through the empty some distant place: a low, plaintive MOAN. Nell freezes.  The MOANING stops.  Nell strains her ears. the MOAN again.  It comes from the short hallway ahead. starts for it.  The Moan stops.
27) 0) text: Nell moves down the hall.  It's dim, stale, lined with pi candelabra.
27) 1) dialog: Hello?  Hello?  Mrs. Dudley?
28) 0) text: -- A long, oval great hall.  Passages and doors lead off directions to God-knows-where.  A double-grand staircase end ascends to a landing shrouded in darkness before turn next floor.  Magnificent ANIMAL HEADS carved on the newel glare at her. Nell makes her way past clusters of furniture, stops at t Silence.  An ENORMOUS FIREPLACE dominates one wall.  Larg to stand in.  An iron mesh SCREEN hangs in its mouth.  Ma chimney rise in dark, baroque masonry, becoming lost in t above. The MOANING sound.  Nell spins away from the fireplace. rises from the door at the very back of the hall.  Nell t step toward it.
28) 1) dialog: Mrs. Dudley?
28) 2) text: She moves up to the door, puts a hand out to it.  The MOA rises. Nell pushes through --
30) 0) text: -- and comes through into a vast kitchen.  A woman in bla her back to Nell stands at a counter.  The moaning comes disreputable old CAN OPENER. Nell breaths, feels stupid.  The woman senses her, turns cans of potatoes.  She is MRS. DUDLEY, sallow, unsmiling.
30) 2) dialog: Mrs. Dudley.
30) 4) text: Mrs. Dudley wipes her hands, regards Nell, nods.
30) 5) dialog: I'm Eleanor Vance, I'm with --
31) 0) text: Mrs. Dudley glides up the stairs.  Nell follows, hoisting suitcase after her.  It appears the mezzanine ahead leads hallway.  But as we draw closer what we thought was a hal ENORMOUS OIL PAINTING.  In it stands a man, his features the shadows above, only his body visible. The nameplate reads HUGH CRAIN.
31) 1) dialog: Hugh Crain.
31) 2) text: Nell looks up: Mrs. Dudley waits coldly at the top of the
32) 0) text: Mrs. Dudley leads Nell down a curved hallway, over aged P carpets and turns to a door on her left.  She throws it o stands back.  Nell enters.
33) 0) text: Nell lowers her suitcase.
33) 2) text: The room is spacious, in a rococo gothic style with low-r woodwork on the walls rising to a dark, coffered, ceiling ivory.  A king-size bed, furniture, all in blue purple. door gives a glimpse of a bathroom. A large fireplace dominates one wall.  Its mantle is carv the faces of children, happy, at play, alive.  Nell touch wood, loving.
33) 3) dialog: They're so beautiful.  Aren't  they?
33) 5) dialog: Well, I've never lived with  beauty.  You must love working  here.
33) 8) dialog: Why would we --
33) 10) text: And with that Mrs. Dudley grins, rictus-like.  She turns the door after her. Nell stands there a long moment, the room silent, heavy, goes to the windows, peers out.  Nothing but forest for m sun is setting. Nell removes her windbreaker, opens her suitcase, takes o blouse and skirt.  Decent enough clothes, but cheap, the on them.
34) 0) text: Nell emerges from her room in her new clothes.  The hallw away into the distance, lined with massive, ornate doorfr the one to her room. Trying to get a better look, Nell searches the walls for switch, but can't find one.  She follows the chair rail b
35) 0) text: -- the mezzanine at the top of the stairs.  She searches for a light switch there.  Finally she spots a set of cur slings them open. The light, late-day though it is, makes her wince.  The w looks down on the driveway.  Outside a BEIGE CAR crunches gravel.  Somebody else has arrived. Nell watches the car move past, trying to get a glimpse o driver, but from up here, all she can see is roof.
35) 1) dialog: Finally.
35) 2) text: She backs away from the window, spins around -- -- and out of the darkness, powerful, mad, looms the visa Crain.  It is the painting.  It is only from up here on t floor with this curtain open that the FACE is visible in day sunlight. Despite the artist's discretion, the lines in the man's s eyes, his posture, cry of unspeakable sickness. Unconsciously, Nell takes a step back.  In the far b.g., end of one of the halls, a DOOR stands open, the second o set of doors in the Gothic Hallway left of the painting. it starts to come into view, and we're starting to see it swings silently shut. But Nell has caught the movement out of the corner of her
36) 0) text: Nell stares down the long hallway.  Which door was it?
36) 1) dialog: Hello?
36) 2) text: No response.  She starts down the hall, slow at first, th She passes door after door, shadow after shadow, and as s the end of the hall... there is no door here.  Not within of, where we thought we just saw it. A WHISPER.  VOICES.  Nell backs away.  And then LAUGHTER. her.  It's coming from another stairwell.  Very real... a human.
37) 0) text: Nell looks down from the top of the stairs.  Below Mrs. D THEO, 20s, exotic, sophisticated, in Vera Wang leather, w a pile of designer luggage.  Theo peers up.  She's dark, amused, worldly way: someone who has seen and done it all
37) 2) text: Theo foists a very heavy bag off on Mrs. Dudley who looks been handed a snake.  That makes Nell smile.  She comes r to help with the bags.
37) 3) dialog: I'm Eleanor but everyone calls me  Nell.  Eleanor Vance.  Nell.  I'm  really glad you're here.  Really.
37) 4) text: Theo is a little thrown by Nell's gushing. NELL (cont'd) What a beautiful jacket.
37) 5) text: Theo looks her over... and understands.  Nell is desperat liked.
37) 7) dialog: This?  It's from a thrift shop.
37) 9) dialog: Fifteen dollars.
37) 11) dialog: (embarrassed by the  simple truth) It's all I could afford.
37) 13) dialog: I don't know what you mean.
37) 14) text: Mrs. Dudley, walking ahead, looks back at them.  Then con Theo makes a face at Mrs. Dudley's back.  Nell smiles, a
38) 0) text: Mrs. Dudley opens the door, letting Theo and Nell into a bedroom, a mirror-image twin of Nell's room, except it's in rich red-orange velvets.
38) 6) text: Theo, back to Mrs.  Dudley, rolls her eyes at Nell. MRS. DUDLEY (cont'd) I leave, before dark.  So there  won't be anyone around if you need  help.
38) 7) dialog: We couldn't even hear you.
38) 8) text: Mrs. Dudley looks up at Nell who mimics her scary smile.
38) 10) dialog: No one will come any nearer than  that.
38) 11) text: Mrs. Dudley smiles at Nell, but it's softer than before.
38) 13) text: Theo leans on the bed, musing at the exchange.  And then backs out of the room, shuts the door. NELL (cont'd) My room is right next door.  I  think we share a bathroom.
38) 14) text: Theo has an interesting eye on Nell, she's studying her.
38) 16) dialog: That's why we're here.
38) 18) dialog: I'm between jobs right now.  My  last job... it... the person I was  working for... the job ended.   Over.  So... And you?
38) 20) text: Theo pops a dress bag on the bed, unzips it.  Theo takes coat, and is only wearing a black bra underneath.  Nell r turns away.  Back to the camera, Theo flicks off her bra, THEO (cont'd) I'm supposed to be an artist, but  I've been really distracted from  work by love.  Do you know what I  mean?
38) 21) dialog: Not really.
38) 23) dialog: (she knows this  from magazines) Ohh, sure, you have trouble with commitment.
38) 25) dialog: No.
38) 27) dialog: I don't have anyone. (beat, lying) But I do have a little apartment  of my own.  It has a little flower  garden.  You can just see the  ocean.  At night, when the wind  comes in just right, you can hear  the buoys in the harbor.
38) 28) text: Nell peeks, sees Theo is decent, turns around.
38) 30) text: Theo comes over, straightens Nell's seams; this is an int forward gesture. THEO (cont'd) (with meaning) Come on, we've seen enough of the  bedroom for now.
39) 0) text: The long hall is lost in shadow, its long rows of doors w the deadening silence.  A lamp on a pier table casts a sm light.  The walls glow in rich tones, the low-relief carv worm's-wood of shadow. Nell runs her hand over a wall panel as Theo peeks into a neighboring room.
39) 1) dialog: So much carving.  It's everywhere.   On everything.
39) 2) text: Theo starts down the hall.  Nell follows.
40) 0) text: Nell and Theo enter a room just off the landing, a lavish with the omnipresent panelled walls, lush red carpet, vel curtains sweeping floor to ceiling, heavy pieces of furni watches Theo explore.  As Theo moves through the room, Ne lands on another painting of Hugh Crain.  Inside it's orn framework, distinctive little cherubs are embedded.  Cher Death... She runs her fingers over it.
40) 2) text: Theo twirls out of the room, Nell, anxious, behind her.
41) 0) text: As they come out of Crain's study Theo stops at the top o stairs, Nell behind her.
41) 2) dialog: I know.
41) 3) text: They stare out at Hugh Crain, the cracking and shadowing swirls of oil that compose his face.  The figure is daunt dead.  Just a painting.  Four different hallways lead int mezzanine, all dark and endless in the stray light. NELL (cont'd) Maybe we should wait for them  here.
41) 6) text: Nell looks from one to another.  She doesn't want to.  Bu forces a smile and points to one on the left.  They both into the dark gothic hallway.
42) 0) text: Theo breezes into a small parlor with heavy green velvet panelled walls, rich settees.  Other doors lead off the r follows.
42) 2) text: Theo goes running for another door and is out. Nell, realizing she's being left behind, springs after he another mysterious hallway --
43) 2) text: Nell laughs -- appalled and loving every minute of it. THEO (cont'd) Can't you just see it?
43) 3) dialog: Theo!
44) 0) text: Through a narrow passageway, and large double doors they stand at the threshold of a fantastic ballroom lined with and chandeliers.  Rows of mirror-coated octagonal pillars vaulted, mirrored ceiling far above.  With the door openi a CLICK, and a mechanism of some sort is activated.  The begins to MOVE like a slow turntable. Theo comes right up, looks over Nell's shoulder.  Nell st She traipses out across the room, her million reflections with her into infinity.  Theo dances after her.  They dan quite together.  Nell stops and pronounces:
44) 1) dialog: I love this house.  I really love  this house.
44) 3) text: Nell blushes... and they burst out laughing.  They take o their reflections with them, stampeding for an archway on side of the room and out --
46) 0) text: They stand at the end of a long hallway to one of the Hou forgotten outlying wings.  It is dark.  Too dark.  Nell a regard the darkness. At the far end of the hall stand a pair of MAHOGANY DOORS almost black, oily-looking.  Surrounding them, an enormou geometrical frieze. The doors themselves are plain.  In their simplicity ther something about them enormously disturbing.  It is as if are looking back at them, Nell goes cold.  Theo holds her
46) 1) dialog: We should go back.
47) 0) text: They hurry down a narrow staircase, Theo first, Nell righ
47) 1) dialog: Theo, I'm scared --
48) 2) dialog: Uh... Nell Vance...
48) 4) dialog: Well, I... uh...
48) 19) dialog: You can call me Nell, Dr. Marrow.
48) 21) dialog: I'm really... honored to be part  of this study, Jim.
48) 23) text: His smile is devastating.  Nell reddens, instantly taken warmth, observant sensitivity.  Theo notices.
48) 26) dialog: I only saw Theo drive up.
49) 9) text: They exit the hall, Mary and Nell last, and as they do, N Mary's strange look.  She stops.
49) 10) dialog: Is something wrong?
49) 12) dialog: What?
50) 0) text: A chandelier hangs unlit over a long dining table.  LAUGH the end Nell and the others sprawl over the remains of a which has been going on for hours.  Luke is opening anoth of jug wine.
50) 8) text: Nell isn't used to people being so direct and at the same playful.  She glances at Marrow's LEFT HAND: NO WEDDING R THEO (cont'd) Excuse me.
50) 11) text: Nell hears this, Nell is tuned into Mary.
50) 13) text: Nell wishes she could hide under her plate.
50) 14) dialog: All of you have such interesting  problems.
50) 15) text: There's laughter. NELL (cont'd) No... Please, I know how that  sounds but... You're all so  articulate.  You know how to talk.   I feel like I'm here under false  pretenses.  It's silly, it's not  like... well, all of you have  trouble sleeping because you live  in the world, and the world is  complicated and scary, but  nothing's ever happened to me.  So  I don't have a reason to sleep  badly.
50) 17) dialog: Yes, because someone was always  keeping me awake.  Ever since I  was little.  That was my job.  I  took care of my mother and I had  to be there for her all night  long, and she woke up all the  time.  And after she died, well,  it's been a few months, but I  still, I still wake up, it's... a  habit. (beat) I know we've only known each other  a couple of hours, but I'm really  glad to be with people who let me  talk about this.  I'm really happy  to be here with you.
50) 18) text: Silence.  The others are embarrassed by her sincerity.  S Nell is not of their world.
51) 0) text: The HARP sings out, lively, expertly played by Mary.  The Todd and Nell are impressed with her skill.
51) 3) dialog: What's wrong?
51) 5) text: She finds a key and begins TIGHTENING the strings -- as M open the door, briefcase in one hand, CELL PHONE in the o can't conceal his irritation.  Marrow removes folders fro briefcase, passes them around while she plays.  Nell agai the Cherub of Death on the spine of the leather bound boo
51) 12) text: Nell and Theo are looking through their folders: sheets o bizarre geometric puzzles.
51) 14) text: The others shuffle through papers, Nell and Todd intent o Theo interested but not overly so, Luke, bored.
51) 17) dialog: All the carvings.
51) 21) text: Nell shifts, looks at the house with a strange feeling.
51) 22) dialog: That's so sad.
51) 29) text: Marrow and Theo rush over to her as she shrieks in pain. Todd is frozen, pale, like he's about to be sick.  Nell t OTHER WAY, but not because she's scared -- she's searchin shot glass on a side table. Marrow wraps Mary in his arms.  Her shrieking becomes a t but quieter wail.
51) 31) text: Nell appears by his side with the glass.  Marrow pries Ma from her face. Blood flows freely from the eyelid, but her eye is intact
51) 32) dialog: Here, cover it.  Don't let her  touch it.
53) 0) text: Luke catches up with Nell and Theo as he reaches the mezz painting of Hugh Crain, barely visible in the shadows, lo behind.
53) 3) dialog: (she's thinking  about the story,  not Marrow) A monster?  But he built this for  the woman he loved, like the Taj  Mahal.
53) 6) text: He heads off.  Theo turns to find Nell staring at the ani on the stairs.  Theo touches her.  She starts.
55) 0) text: Nell finishes putting things away in drawers.  Theo watch in the doorway.  Nell looks around at the room: and this family's new home.  Theo smiles sweetly at her, comes ove awkward moment, as the seriousness drains away.
55) 2) text: Theo reaches for Nell's hair.  Nell pulls away.  Theo pau realizes she shouldn't have pulled back.
55) 3) dialog: Sorry.  I'm not used to being  touched.
55) 6) dialog: Yes.  I've missed it.
55) 8) text: Cautiously, Nell peers in a mirror at herself... and like sees.  Theo lets Nell's hair drop.  Theo moves for the do
55) 9) dialog: Good night, Theo.
56) 0) text: As Nell steps OUT OF FRAME and starts undressing, the CAM the carved mantle, the densely-packed scene of children a their faces frozen in dark wooden smiles, their eyes blin staring OC where we sense Nell changing. Now in a long tee-shirt, Nell crawls up onto the high bed headboard is heavy, dark, engraved with fan-like shapes, plants. She draws the covers about her and peers up at the ornate Something about it bothers Nell, but she can't put her fi She twists over on her side and turns out the light on th nightstand. For a moment, all there is in the darkness is breathing --
59) 0) text: Eyes.  Eyes of all the mythological figures.  STARING dow black hallway.  Awaiting something.  Afraid. At the end of the hallway, where all eyes are staring, th doors, the ones that scared Nell and Theo stand shut. That something gathering at the edge of our hearing RISES if the House itself is breathing.
60) 0) text: BUMP.  The sound thuds the stillness of the House.  Bump. Bump.  Deep, hollow, distant like a dream.  Nell sits up, asleep, body moving by reflex.
60) 1) dialog: Coming, Mother!
60) 2) text: WHUMP.  The noise jars her consciousness, lighting up her REAL.  Nell remembers where she is. Bump bang.  It's coming from somewhere far off in the Hou listens in cold dread.
60) 4) text: Nell spins to the bathroom door, goes through --
62) 0) text: -- into Theo's room.  THUMP BUMP BUMP.  Nell finds Theo r front of her, hair wet, kneeling in the bed, clutching he herself.
62) 2) text: The sound grows nearer.  Out in the hall.  Like something Coming toward them. Nell lunges at the door.  Theo grabs to stop her, and Nel door is DEADBOLTED.  There's a RUSHING sound on the other the tall door.  Right there.  Nell freezes.  BUMP!  BUMP! THEO (cont'd) Nell!
62) 3) text: Nell recoils to Theo's side, drags Theo out of bed to the the room. Nell and Theo stare out AT US in terror.  BUMP.  BUMP.  B Nell and Theo's eyes travel over the walls, following wha which now seems to be moving out here in the theater. The SOUND moves along the wall to the right, reaching its it crosses the back of the theater, then seems to come do side. Theo shivers.  Nell clutches her close.  Nell writhes, un stand it any longer.  She jumps up. THEO (cont'd) Nell!
62) 4) text: Nell charges the door, screaming:
62) 5) dialog: No!
62) 6) text: SILENCE.  The bumping goes dead.  Nell blinks, looks back But Theo is looking at her hands. THEO (cont'd) Cold.  Oh, God.  Feel it.
62) 7) text: She looks up in horror at Nell.  Their breath FOGS in the holds her hand up in front of her, and as we watch HER HA UP, GOOSEBUMPS WITH THEM. Her eyes turn up to the door, and: BAMBABAMBAM BABBA BAM! JARS in its frame, leaping from the blows of whatever's o side. Nell backpedals but slips on the rug, falls there on the in front of the door.  Theo SCREAMS. Silence.  The BANGING stops.  With a RUSH, whatever is ou door is no longer there. Nell looks at Theo. Then Theo looks at the bathroom. Nell starts for it, grabs Theo's door, but it's designed locked from the BATHROOM SIDE.  Nell looks up --
63) 0) text: -- and takes a step into the pitch-dark bathroom.  Theo a the doorway behind her.  Across the bathroom the door to is closed.  Nell dashes for it -- -- but A SUDDEN SCUTTLING SOUND stops her dead.  On the o of the door.  Rasping over wood.  Like a thing without ha to turn -- -- THE DOORKNOB.  A long beat.  The metal creaks as somet hold of it on the other side. Nell, mouth open in cold horror, sees the deadbolt.  It's She's in no-man's land: too far from the door to lock it, to run. The doorknob TURNS, but just as the door starts to open N FORWARD AND SHOOTS THE DEADBOLT HOME. The door jams against it.  Nell jumps back.  Theo grabs h into --
64) 0) text: -- her bedroom and slams the door.  A long, deadly silent NELL (cont'd) It's in my room.
64) 1) text: But their BREATH no longer fogs.  Theo seems to notice th as Nell starts for her room and... KNOCK KNOCK KNOCK.  Be At the door to the hall.
65) 0) text: Nell's room stands silent, dark.  The door to the bathroo The lock slides open.  The door swings in.  Luke stands t two women behind him. Luke turns on the lights.  The room is perfectly ordinary that anything has been in here.  The door to the hall is reacts.
66) 0) text: Nell and Theo, wrapped in blankets, sit over mugs of tea kitchen table.  Marrow, across from them, clicks off his recorder.  Luke paces behind the women.
66) 1) dialog: You really didn't hear anything?
66) 2) text: Marrow takes his glasses off.  Luke looks at him, then go kitchen sink.  He turns both faucets on full blast and le against the sink, arms folded.  Theo and Nell turn to loo A beat.  And then: BUMP.  Bump bump.  It's the sound.  Luke goes over to the pushes it open.
68) 3) text: Luke leaves the kitchen.  Theo and Nell watch him go.
68) 5) dialog: You know it wasn't a joke, Theo.
68) 8) dialog: Theo I think.  You've asked us  that three times, Doctor Marrow.   What's going on?
68) 10) text: Theo and Nell look at each other in frustration.  But The get her mind around the question.
69) 0) text: The room is a lot less frightening now, especially with t on.  Nell sits on Theo's bed.  Theo looks at the walls, s normal.
69) 2) text: When Nell doesn't respond for a moment, Theo turns to her wrestling with herself.
69) 3) dialog: Mother always banged on the wall  when she needed me.  The night she  died... I heard her, but I  pretended I didn't.  I was just so  sick of it all.  And then the  banging stopped.  And in the  morning... she was dead.  This is  the first I've ever said this to  anyone.  That was the job I had,  Theo, it's the only job I've ever  known, and I failed.  I'm actually  a bad person, Theo.  The world  doesn't need me.
69) 6) text: It's such a horrible thought it makes Nell smile, and the tearful laugh.
70) 0) text: Nell stands in the door to her room.
70) 1) dialog: Good night, Theo.
70) 2) text: Nell shuts the door.  Theo is about to close her door, bu hesitates.  She puts on the light and goes to the tub.  S on, waits.  Just the sound of the water.  And no bumping.
71) 0) text: Nell lies asleep under her sheet, the blankets off the en bed.  HOVERING OVER HER, on the headboard, the carved fac children, peering DOWN. FLAP.  FLAP flap.  The fan-light at the top of the window to the bed is OPEN a crack.  The sheer curtains flap list gentle breeze.  The flapping grows louder, and with a sud the curtain BILLOWS OUT.  In its flowing form, we sense t A GIRL'S FACE, fleeting, so insubstantial we know we just but maybe our eyes are playing tricks on us. The CURTAIN blows straight out, touching the bedposts at the bed, and there the wind catches the fabric hanging fr The Wind seem to sneak under the bedcover and the shape f Nell sleeps, oblivious, the WIND filling the room, stirri tinkling crystal beads on the candelabra.  The shape of t girl's face now travels underneath the bedsheets toward t toward Nell. Nell turns, restless, the AIR catches the edge of the pil and travels towards Nell's face.  And for a split second lifelike IMPRESSION OF A SMALL GIRL'S FACE.  Nell almost The crystal beads stir, and in their tinkling, in the sig we hear:
71) 2) text: Nell's eyes open.  And like that, the pillowcase deflates rushes up the curtain to the window, and is gone. Nell sits up, looks about her.  Everything seems normal. sheets, just the curtains, but on the headboard remain th faces.  Benevolent.  Nell settles back down on her pillow sense of peace.
72) 0) text: Morning sun filters in through heavy drapes, falling on M the dining table.  Nell squeezes behind him and the sideb him to get at the coffee.  Nell wears MAKE UP, badly appl her HAIR IS UP in a French twist.
72) 1) dialog: Sorry.
72) 3) text: Nell smiles.  Theo walks in the door, sees Nell and Marro squeezed in behind him.
72) 4) dialog: Am I that bad?
72) 11) dialog: Yes.  I feel realy rested, too.   Theo?
72) 13) text: But she means exactly the opposite.  Marrow looks over Ne but she can't stand it.  Luke comes over to the table, dr chair next to Nell, digs into breakfast.  Theo's face tur artificial smile. THEO (cont'd) Your makeup too.
72) 14) text: Nell sits there flustered.  Marrow senses the jealousy, i sure what to make of it, and intervenes.
73) 0) text: CLOSE ON the complex PUZZLE of a field-cognition test.  N scratches solutions, erases, and finally looks up in frus She sits alone, tiny, in the murk of the vast vaulted Gre The enormous chimney occupies half the wall on one side o Clusters of furniture -- overwrought chairs with animal h splay-footed coffee tables, limbed lamps -- huddle in str silent covens throughout.  Nell, in a plush chair, lays t a table beside her.  The CLATTER of stone on stone makes up. The fireplace looms just beyond her cluster of chairs, la for a man to stand in.  A piece of mortar must have come Nell stares at the chimney.  And a VOICE lets out a loud Nell JUMPS.  She pops out of the chair.  It came from ano of furniture in the shadows.  A figure stands and comes o Luke, stretching. LUKE (cont'd) I've been thinking about these  carvings.  Kids.  Lots of kids.   Fat little angel kids.  Wild kids.   Kids with furry animals.
73) 1) dialog: The children.  The children Hugh  Crain built the house for.  The  children he never had.
73) 3) text: He puts his hand on a CHAIR, the back of which is heavily the motif he just described. Nell turns him an appalled look. LUKE (cont'd) Theo was working in the dining  room.  She's probably done by now.   You finish?
73) 4) dialog: Couldn't get the last ones.  You?
73) 6) text: Nell looks at the test, tries to digest this. LUKE (cont'd) We could do this stuff anywhere.   I don't know what he's up to yet.   But like I said, that's the fun.   It has something to do with this  environment.
73) 7) text: Luke just smiles, rises.  We'll see. He walks off, his footsteps echoing in the vast room.  Th shuts after him. Nell sags in her chair.  Then something catches her eye. opposite, a SET OF KEYS.  Nell goes, picks them up.  Car keys.  Must be Luke's.  She pockets them, thoughtful, but she does -- -- something MOVES in the fireplace.  So fleeting Nell ca see it, and we only catch a frame of it.  But the iron ME hanging in front of the hearth is STILL SWAYING. Nell stands there FROZEN.  The massive fireplace LOOMS be like a monstrous mouth, black as pitch beyond the black m curtains. The swaying metal scrapes over brick floor.  Its eerie, r screep cutting to the nerve. Nell sits paralyzed, rooted to the chair.  SCREEP.  SCREE A SINGLE STRAND of NELL'S HAIR stirs toward the fireplace
74) 0) text: Nell slams out of the room, skidding as the door slams be She sways up off the floor to run -- -- right into Marrow and Theo's legs.  Nell aborts a scre realizing who it is.  Theo stands there in surprise, hold in her hand.
74) 1) dialog: There's someone in there!  There's  someone in there in the fireplace!
75) 0) text: Nell and Theo stand behind Marrow and Luke across from th fireplace.  Theo glances at Nell.  Nell is shaken. Marrow nods to Luke, and they start forward together, Mar the furniture to the left, Luke down the right side. The iron screens hang silent in the fireplace, black, imp Marrow and Luke come up on either side, Luke ducking this that trying to get a glimpse through the mesh. They stop before it, neither breathing, both listening. steps forward and pulls one screen aside far enough to lo DARKNESS. Nell and Theo watch, apprehensive.
75) 1) dialog: Jim...
75) 4) text: Marrow looks at her, not sure what to believe.  Nell turn and Theo for help.  Not from that corner.  Then Nell reme reaches into her pocket and produces the KEYS.  She holds Luke. NELL (cont'd) Are these yours?  I found them  right over there.
75) 6) text: Theo shakes her head.  They aren't Marrow's.  Marrow take from Nell, turns them over.
75) 9) dialog: When I first got here I saw a gray  car pull up.  I thought it was one  of us.
76) 0) text: They stand on the front steps.  Nell's car is right there car port.
76) 1) dialog: This is my car.
78) 3) dialog: How could he have left without his  keys?
78) 7) text: Marrow, Theo and Luke move down the hall, opening doors l right as Nell stands at the center of it all.
78) 9) text: No answer.  The statuary peers down on Nell.  Dead faces Blind marble eyes.
81) 0) text: Nell and Theo, walking into rooms.
81) 2) dialog: What's his first name?
81) 4) dialog: David?  David Watts?  Can you hear  us?  David!  Daviiiiid!
83) 0) text: Nell and Theo walk down the long hallway behind, opening checking rooms.
83) 1) dialog: David?
83) 3) text: Nell closes a door on the right, and then stops dead.  St The shut, dark, door, the one that scared Nell and Theo e awaits them at the end.  Ominous. Nell approaches.  Closer and closer.  The door nears. Nell wraps her arms tightly about herself and try's to op door.  It's locked.  Her BREATH FOGS THE AIR.  She doesn' it.  But then she suddenly GAGS.  With a look of horror s from the door, choking, covering her face. Then Theo smells it.  The women are both sick from the sm THEO (cont'd) Oh my God, what is it?  Oh, the  smell... ohhh.
83) 6) dialog: No, it's getting worse.
83) 8) dialog: That smell... oh, God.
83) 9) text: Theo blanches, looks at Nell.  She smells it too, and in image fashion backs away from the doors also.  Marrow not exchange, and watches them, intense.  And then, in a hear moment is over.
84) 0) text: The RED LIGHT on Marrow's DIGITAL VOICE RECORDER blinks. is in Marrow's jacket pocket, CONCEALED from Nell.  They' in Adirondack chairs on the long veranda behind the House beside her, observes.
84) 2) dialog: It was very specific.
84) 4) dialog: In the bathroom in my mother's  room, the toilet was next to an  old wooden table.  It smelled like  that wood.
84) 6) dialog: I wasn't thinking about my  mother's bathroom.
84) 8) dialog: I looked at Theo.  She had a look  on her face.
84) 10) dialog: Yes.
84) 12) dialog: I got more scared.
84) 15) dialog: I'm sorry.  I'm messing up the  study.
84) 17) text: Nell looks to him.  He's sincere.  He believes her.
84) 18) dialog: I don't know.  Maybe I...
84) 19) text: "Didn't" she almost says.  She struggles, embarrassed. NELL (cont'd) I haven't been with people in a  long time.
84) 22) text: Nell peers at him, doubtful.  Is she being made fun of? MARROW (cont'd) I mean, I'm surrounded by people,  day in, dayout.  Students,  colleagues. (beat) But most of the time, even when  I'm with them... you know... It's  all about power, there's not much  room for actually getting to know  someone or having someone getting  to know you.
84) 23) text: Nell's face flushes with compassion.  With longing.  Marr her.  He's vulnerable.  Needing.  She doesn't dare hope. lasts a few heartbeats. He looks away.  A flicker of distress crosses Nell's face she realizes Marrow is looking at -- -- Luke. LUKE (cont'd) You have to see something.
85) 0) text: Luke, Nell and Marrow mount the stairs, climb up and up. Theo in the mezzanine staring at the wall at the painting turns and looks at Nell strangely. Nell, confused, turns around.  On the wall and the painti stains.  Black.  Blue.  Runny.  Almost like something lea the roof has run down. Nell steps back.  The stains are the letters N and O.  Pu farther: the rest of the word ELEANOR.
85) 1) dialog: My name.
85) 2) text: She follows the streaking substance up, blinking in risin more running letters appear.  The word: WELCOME.  And hig last: HOME. NELL (cont'd) No...
85) 3) text: But the substance doesn't come from the ceiling. It is as if the oils on the PAINTING OF HUGH CRAIN have b by a heat gun and blasted off, running down from there. is gone.  In place of the face, the underlying ivory of t glares out... like a skull. Nell SCREAMS and runs away, the others calling out after alarm.  As they vanish around the corner, the camera tilt we discover smeared paint on the floor.  Smeared, it seem LITTLE FOOTPRINTS in it.
86) 0) text: Nell, panic rising in her voice, confronts the others.
86) 1) dialog: Welcome Home Eleanor.  Welcome  Home?  I've never been here.  Who  did this?
86) 4) dialog: Who did this?  Why are you doing  this?  I don't know any of you.   You don't know me.  Why are you  doing this to me?
86) 10) dialog: Theo... Did you?
86) 12) dialog: Why?
86) 15) text: This is horrifying to Nell, being doubted and accused of so ugly if it were true.
86) 16) dialog: I don't know anything.  Whoever  did this, please, just... just say  so... just... please... this is  cruel.  Don't be cruel to me.  I  can't stand it.  You don't know  me.
86) 17) text: And she runs out. Nell grabs for the door to leave. She flings open the door.  MONSTROUS arms seem to grab at it's only a wild-looking coat rack in the hall.
87) 0) text: Nell stands at the railing of a stone balcony on the hous floor.  The air stirs her hair.  She peers up at the Hous roofline, its clusters of misplaced windows and other fea so many screaming heads. Chilled, she pulls her sweater closer.  Marrow comes out balcony from twin French doors behind her.
87) 1) dialog: Are you coming to confess?
87) 4) dialog: Let's say it wasn't you.  Who did  it?
87) 6) dialog: It was a stupid thing to do.
87) 8) dialog: (for the absurdity  of the idea) Welcome Home.
87) 10) dialog: (still too shaky  for enthusiasm) Sure.
88) 0) text: Marrow lets Nell into a long, Victorian-era GREENHOUSE. overgrown, lush, the leaded-glass panes above stained wit condensation and pollen.  Vines and trees climb up the si of flowers and plants line narrow footpaths of brick. Nell leans down to look into a WATER GARDEN with a STATUE bursting from the surface, grasping for the air as if he drowning.  A sudden rumble runs throughout the greenhouse CAVALCADE of water comes out of the STATUE'S mouth surpri She lets out a little yelp, and then laughs with Marrow. Nell loves the greenhouse.  It takes her breath away.
88) 1) dialog: Oh... it's so beautiful...
88) 2) text: Nell makes her way among the plants.  She looks up at a T DOUBLE-HELIX STAIRCASE which rises from the floor to a pl which gives access to the roof.  Below the staircase are filled with violets. NELL (cont'd) Violets.  Somebody must've died  here.
88) 5) dialog: Who?
88) 11) dialog: Why?
88) 13) dialog: Yes.
88) 15) dialog: Why?
88) 19) text: Nell looks up, and smiles. MARROW (cont'd) You're smiling.
88) 21) dialog: I was just thinking how happy I am  right now.  All my life, I've been  waiting for an adventure.  And I  thought, oh, I'll never have that,  adventures are for people who  travel long distances, that's for  soldiers, that's for the women  that the bullfighters fall in love  with.  And here I am, and  something is happening to me.   Strange noises in the night.   Paintings are calling to me.  And  all it cost to get there was five  gallons of gas.  I'm getting my  adventure.
88) 22) text: For the first time since we've seen Nell, there is someth which is simply... erotic.  Marrow follows her down one o footpaths.  She smiles back at Marrow as he trails her. a transept in the greenhouse, and as she turns down it, t slightest sway to her gait.  Marrow follows her around th into the transept.  At the far end the wall is completely Nell looks up through the ceiling at Hill House looming g outside, distorted in the old glass.
88) 24) dialog: Why?
88) 26) dialog: It doesn't matter.  Even if  they're tormenting me, someone  wants me.  What I do with this is  up to me.  I can be a victim, or I  can be a volunteer.  And I want to  be the volunteer.
88) 27) text: Nell glances at him, and for that split second she is raw passionate woman.  She walks away, the sway in her gait a powerful.  Marrow is surprised by what Nell just said and her as she comes to the overgrown end.  Nell reaches out hanging vines, pulls them aside... ...and A FACE stares out.  Gastly.  White.  Nell takes an involuntary step back, a little gasp. The face is marble.  Blind eyes stare from stained cheeks STATUE OF CRAIN.  Marrow comes over. It's an enormous stone tableaux of Hugh surrounded by che plants have attacked it as if trying to wipe its funerary from the greenhouse. NELL (cont'd) Hugh Crain.  Can't seem to get  away from him.
88) 30) dialog: I don't know.  A lullaby I guess.   My mother used to hum it to me.   And her mother before that, and so  on. (to the statue) Hugh Crain, would you care to  dance?
88) 31) text: She hums another two notes, and BANG!  The door behind he OPEN in a gust of wind, jolting Nell.  She stops and star Outside the window, through the glass, she sees Mr. Dudle at her, he's been watching her dance.  The spell is broke embarrassed, can't bear to look at him. A beat, and then Marrow goes over and shuts the door.  Wh back -- -- Nell is just vanishing around the corner, her rapid fo echoing in the vaulted room.
89) 0) text: Nell hurries away from the House, across the rear lawn, a herself as much as she is spooked. In the distance Mr. Dudley is walking toward the House wi paint cleaner an a ladder.  Nell stops, watching him.  He her, pauses, and smiles. Nell reacts.  Sees the ladder.  Then Mr. Dudley disappear House. Nell once again starts to hurry away, but looking back ov shoulder, almost impales herself on the rusted iron fence
90) 0) text: -- the tiny Crain family cemetery.  Nell catches herself. swinging gate bars the way.  She hesitates. Nine moss-covered headstones show the wear of a long cent small headstones, one large one.  A half dozen unmarked s the grass: stillbirths. Nell is drawn into the graveyard.  The large stone is REN The smaller ones are her children's. Nell's heart is breaking as she moves among them: the var One reads ADAM CRAIN APRIL 5th 1874 -- ... The rest of th covered by growth.  She clears it away.  April 6th, 1874.
90) 1) dialog: Only two days.
90) 2) text: There is an EPITAPH, almost wiped out by lichens.  Nell k read it. NELL (cont'd) The blest are the dead / Who see  not the sight / Of their own  desolation...
90) 3) text: Nell, disturbed but not knowing what to make of it, rises gravestone, turns to the next.  ELISA CRAIN AUGUST 21ST, clears it away: August 21, 1878.  The blasphemous epitaph NELL (cont'd) A father's joy unjustly snatch'd  by a jealous God...
90) 4) text: Nell is shaken, and dreading what she will find next, whi one behind her: WENDY CRAIN JANUARY 1 , 1880 -- She clear -- January 1, 1880.  And its graven commandment, so famil comforting, now rings with terrible, malevolent promise: NELL (cont'd) Suffer the little children unto  me.
90) 5) text: There are three more grave stones, and after clearing awa brush, they too show that the babies died after a few hou day.  There's the same symbol on the graves of the childr cherub of death.  We've seen this image before.  Nell bac the cemetery, afraid.
91) 0) text: Nell hurries down the mezzanine to the doorway which lead Red Parlor.
92) 0) text: She stands there a beat staring in at the volumes upon vo books.  Nell is unsure of what she's looking for.  She lo Crain's painting and recognizes the same Cherubs inside t frame.  The background in the painting IS THE RED PARLOR. recognizes in the painting an OPEN BOOKCASE BEHIND CRAIN. Intuitively, she turns toward the same bookcase across fr is able to push it open.  Inside a small stairwell...
93) 0) text: Down the circular stairs Nell enters a very small dusty r Velvet curtains drawn shut, only a sliver of sunlight sho through.  As her eyes adjust, she makes out the furnishin late-nineteenth century office, Crain's secret office. The bookcases filled with business ledgers.  The business are stamped with the cherub of death. At the end is an enormous desk.  Behind it a massive, car covered with a sheet, only its lion-head arm rests protru underneath.  Nell realizes it's:
93) 1) dialog: Crain's study.
93) 2) text: She moves for the desk.  An ENORMOUS MIRROR, its silver i surface flaking with age, tarnished, reflects the room, t and FOR A SPLIT SECOND, A SHADOW IN THE CHAIR.  Nell step of it, blocking our view. And when she steps past, there is only the dim, flaking i chair, the natural shadow of the room. Nell goes around the desk, stands over it.  The chair sit behind her, shrouded. On the desk sits a set of ledgers marked with mill names Haverhill, Manchester -- and years: 1884, '85 and so on. one open. THE LEDGER is a payroll account.  Names upon names of wor rendered in sepia by Crain's severe cursive.  Notations i column beside it indicate man, woman, or child and the ap wage for each class of worker.  Many of them, at least a children. NELL reacts.  Disturbed by it.  She shifts closer to that behind her.  The sheet hangs over it in such a way that s could be sitting there under it. She turns the page.  Columns indicate pay, and so on.  Bu column, at the very center of the book, hidden in the bin unlabeled. Down the column, some names have a line drawn them, and at the end of the line, a CROSS. Nell follows them back, eyes searching across the ledger. She turns the page, pushes the book down revealing that c column, more crosses.  And more.  Her eyes flick back and The crosses are paired with entries for CHILD.  She looks names... NELL (cont'd) Erin, Peter and Sean and Emily and  Elizabeth... who are you?  And  you?  What happened to you?  You  died... How did you die?
93) 3) text: Nell turns the pages.  More and more crosses.  Dozens.  S Nell sinks down into Crain's chair and tears come to her see the book.
95) 0) text: We see the ledger, and pull back, and the ledger is in Ne Nell sits on the bed in her sleeping tee-shirt and undies looks at the book with her.
95) 2) dialog: There's hundreds of them.  This  must be a record of the children  who died at the mills, like Luke  said.
95) 4) text: Theo hands her the bottle.  Nell takes it, tops off her g spilling.  Her face is red.  She grimaces as she tosses b swallow.
95) 5) dialog: You really think it was Luke?
95) 6) text: Theo takes another swig.  She holds bottles of nail polis to Nell's bare feet, testing the colors.
95) 8) dialog: (pondering) I don't know what to think  anymore.
95) 10) text: Nell finally puts the book down and takes a drink.
95) 11) dialog: I've never had a pedicure before.
95) 13) dialog: Red. (into this now) What else?
95) 14) text: Theo smiles and takes Nell's foot gently in her hand.  Sh paint her toenails. THEO (cont'd) See, isn't this better than a hit  on the head?
95) 15) text: Nell looks down her long legs at Theo.
95) 16) dialog: I'm sorry I was mad at you, Theo.
95) 18) text: Nell shoots down the rest of the glass of wine.
95) 19) dialog: I'll take that as a compliment. (beat, trying to  sound casual) In the city, what kind of place do  you live in?
95) 21) text: Nell is thrilled with this.
95) 22) dialog: A loft.  That's a lot of room for  one person.  Probably.  Maybe  there's room for...
95) 25) dialog: I don't know, you know...
95) 26) text: Nell lies back, arms spread, lets the glass roll out of h Theo paints Nell's toenails one by one, carefully guiding strokes in along the skin.  Nell, unused to this, gives i pleasure, and Theo sees how easy it is to move Nell.
95) 28) dialog: I'm trying.  Have you ever kept  something to yourself because you  were afraid it'd ruin things.
95) 31) text: Nell lets out a sigh.  Gently Theo's hand moves down the Nell's foot.  Caressing.  Nell lets her. Theo finishes Nell's last little toe, and then with the b paint, runs it gently up the inside of Nell's calf.  Nell Theo lowers her face near Nell's toes, licks her lips: so red.  She blows. Nell raises herself up, peers down at Theo.  Sees the wan face.  A long beat. Nell breaks the gaze, looks away.  Theo reads Nell's look releases her foot.  She sits back in the chair.  For a mo doesn't know what to do. NELL (cont'd) I better go to bed.
95) 33) dialog: I think so.
96) 0) text: Nell closes the door and sits at the vanity brushing out for bed.  Her motions are languid in the light of the sin lamp, off-balance with the wine. Her HAIR brushes out in long, even strokes.  The brush mo it, lifting it and letting it fall. IN THE MIRROR the brush draws through Nell's hair, but as the hair divides in its wake LIKE FINGERS RUNNING THROUGH Nell freezes.  She's not sure what she just saw.  She run through again, and again it is as if something pulls it b her head. Again -- fast -- she runs the brush through her hair, and the hair SPINS UP IN A KNOT. Nell flinches, dropping the brush, knocking the shade of the vanity a-wobbling. She's out of the chair in a flash, grabbing her own hair, the space behind her.  Nothing there.  A beat. She steadies herself, feeling the alcohol.  Gets control. The Tiffany lamp rocks back and forth, crystal beads shim The light plays across the fireplace and mantle on the wa something there catches her eye. Nell feels her way across the room, not sure of what she' Over the sound of the wind outside, there's something at highest edge of hearing. She stops five feet from the mantle.  The swaying light c rich tones of wood.  Then darkens.  Illuminates it again. The carvings of the playing CHILDREN in the wood SEEM TO Nell stares in drunken fascination.  And as the first fea rise in her throat, the wind dies down and in its place t FAINTEST TRACE OF CHILDREN'S LAUGHTER.  Nell's reaction c to awe. Tentative, her hand goes out, shaking... and touches the It is hard and still.  No movement whatsoever.  Silence. FACES engraved in the wood all seem to be peering up at h outstretched for her, hopeful.
98) 0) text: Hold on Nell's WINDOW, the light shining dim through the curtain.  It goes out.  The window stares from an arrange other windows, stonework and doors... like an eye with a a face howling in horror.
99) 0) text: Nell, her breathing heavy, lies tangled in her heavy blan asleep, but restless.  Her feet hang off the end of the b In the b.g., the door to the bathroom is shut, barely vis faint light from the window.  HOLD on it. Silently, it begins to OPEN.  The gap WIDENS, yawning, pi beyond.  A long beat.  And then a THUMP.  A SLIDING SOUND Something drags itself across the floor. BUMP.  SLIDE.  Our line of sight is blocked by the bed. sound is getting louder, coming closer. Bump.  Slide.  Nell grinds her teeth in her sleep, pulls blankets about her tighter.  Bump.  The sound stops.  And BEGINS TO FOG. Whatever has just come in the room is right there, hoveri We can feel it. Without warning Nell BOLTS upright, GASPING into consciou REVEAL: nothing.  Just the dark room.  And the bathroom d Nell stares at the-door, knows she shut it.  Now it's ope breaths fast, feeling the cold, knowing something's in he her. She stops breathing, strains her ears.  Silence.  A long Then she notices her feet, hanging out from under the cov They are black.  Feel slick.  Nell turns on the light by looks down. HER FEET ARE COVERED IN GORE.  Where Theo had been painti SCREAMS.
100) 0) text: SCREAMING, Nell spins the tub faucets on full blast, stic into the spray.
100) 2) text: Weeping, Nell scrubs the gore off her feet -- red, black clotted blood.
100) 3) dialog: Who is doing this to me?
100) 6) text: The blood or whatever it is on Nell's feet comes off, is the drain. THEO (OC) (cont'd) Nell, it's locked, let me in!
100) 7) text: Nell, squatting in the tub, sobs as her feet come clean, are NO WOUNDS.  Theo rattles the door.
100) 9) text: Nell rises, steps out of the tub, and looking like she co moves for Theo's door. She grabs the handle but realizes what Theo has been tryi her all along: it's LOCKED.  Perplexed, Nell finds the ke hole, and turns it. The door rams open, Theo behind it, terrified and clearly awoken. THEO (cont'd) Nell...
100) 10) text: Nell stares at her, hair tangled, tear-stained, doubtful. splashes in the tub, faucets still running. The LIGHTS flicker as one in the connecting rooms.  Theo look up at the bulb in the bathroom, and they all GO OUT. swallows them up.  Stray moonlight reflecting in the mirr silhouettes them standing there. THEO (cont'd) Nell, the tub!
100) 11) text: Nell stoops in the darkness and the faucets squeak shut. her way out of the room.  Nell moves to the doorway follo into --
101) 2) text: And sweeping over them a SHOCK OF COLD.  Their breath. Nell shakes her head: don't say anything.  Nell turns aro darkness almost impenetrable.  SHAPES, alien, threatening very edge of light -- anyone could be some... thing.  Dri THEO (cont'd) It's here.
101) 3) text: Nell looks down at Theo's bed, then at Theo who moves clo Nell.  Nell gives the bed a wide berth.  Together they ba the wall with the fireplace. They stare out at us, eyes trying to adjust, afraid.  Beh looms the fireplace and in front of it, a metal cage-like screen.  A beat. BAM!  SOMETHING LUNGES out of the fireplace but is caught screen, hitting Nell and Theo in the back. Theo's lighter goes flying in that very instant, and we n what's hit the screen.  Neither do they.  Theo falls SCRE Nell manages to whirl, embrace the cage and slam it with inside back into the fireplace.  The screen JOLTS hard en lift Nell.
101) 4) dialog: HELP!
101) 5) text: Theo still SCREAMING, lying on her back before the firepl her feet against it.  The screen HAMMERS at Nell and Theo can't run or it'll get out. Theo's screaming is suddenly drowned out by a HORRIFYING, SOUND from inside the fireplace. Theo's scream goes dead in breath-stealing horror.  Nell NELL (cont'd) No!  Go AWAY!
102) 0) text: Nell stares at the tableaux of Hugh Crain.  In the mornin seems inert, cold, just a statue.  Luke and Theo enter. doesn't seem to notice them until they're beside her.
102) 2) dialog: -- What do you think?
102) 8) dialog: No.  No... Jim's not doing --  these things.
102) 9) text: But there's a desperate, rising edge to Nell's voice.  Th response, is quiet, sober... certain.
102) 11) dialog: Because I don't want to ruin  things.  Because home is where the  heart is.
102) 12) text: Theo is chilled by this answer which would only make sens someone out of her mind. Nell looks up and sees the double staircase at the end of greenhouse... the one where Crain's wife killed herself. And for a moment we see Crain's wife hanging there and th image is gone...
103) 0) text: Lunch remains are on the table as Nell enters, test paper
103) 1) dialog: Jim?  I'm done.
103) 2) text: But Marrow isn't there.  She's about to go back out to lo but sees something and stops. Forgotten by a reading chair to one side of the room.  Ba visible.  Marrow's BRIEFCASE.  Nell goes to the briefcase she shouldn't look, and unable to help herself.  Marrow's recorder glints out at her. Nell takes it out, and presses play.  She looks up at the minute he could come back in here... and then Marrow's vo out.
103) 4) text: Marrow's voice continues on in his assessment, but Nell i hearing anything anymore. She dies inside.  Her world upside down.  She falls into and all we can hear of Marrow is the cold, analytical ton garbled jargon.
103) 6) text: It's Marrow, for real, about to enter.  Nell clicks off t recorder, drops it into the briefcase.  Marrow is startle expecting Nell to be sitting right next to his papers and MARROW (cont'd) Nell.
103) 8) text: Nell can't answer.  Marrow comes over, unsettled. MARROW (cont'd) How are the tests going?
103) 9) text: Nell rises, staring, emotionless.  Betrayal just beginnin hold.  She hands him her papers.  Marrow looks at Nell, k been in his briefcase.  He picks it up, and with a final, glance, exits.
104) 0) text: Nell emerges from the study, stands there a beat, lost. turns, resolute, and starts moving.  Faster.
105) 0) text: Nell, blinded by tears, runs across the room toward the g and the exit... and stops. DOWN THE CONNECTING HALL, out in the grand entry, at the doors, are Mr. and Mrs. Dudley.  Leaving for the day.  Th Look at her. Nell, numb, gazes from the open door to Mrs. Dudley.  Mr. holds the door open as if in invitation.  Nell could walk now.  This is her chance.  But... Mrs. Dudley smiles a knowing smile.  An all too knowing s seeing Nell's decision, gently shuts the door.  The LOCK Final.  Fate-sealing. Nell turns back to the House, lost.
106) 0) text: Nell walks right up to the moveable bookcase and enters C secret study.
107) 0) text: Nell sits in silence, trying to find a feeling, any feeli beat.  And without warning she leaps to her feet in SHOCK
107) 1) dialog: How can he think I'm doing this!
107) 2) text: She has a floor lamp in her hands, and hurls it like a th hammer at the nearest shelves.  Vases, knickknacks and a ALBUM crash to the floor. She stalks around the room, and then slows, staring at wh done, the rage draining out of her.  But if she could do like that... NELL (cont'd) No.  No, I couldn't do those  things: I'm not making it up.
107) 3) text: She turns in place, desperate... and sees the old leather precariously tilting on one of the sprung shelves.  It's of the leaves flips over on its own, gravity and the weig own pages TURNING IT. Nell approaches, stepping over broken ceramic.  SLIP.  An turns. Nell hovers over it, holding her breath so as not to make flip over and fall off the shelf in one instant. SLIP.  Another page turns.  The book is a PHOTO ALBUM of nineteenth century, bound with ribbons, the aged Daguerre pressed vellum frames. Nell peers closer.  It's open to a faded, gray image take before it became the convention to smile for a photograph RENE CRAIN, sitting in a chair. And standing behind the chair, a fearsome presence in a b his face hollow, malevolent.  HUGH CRAIN. Nell shivers, and SLIP, the page turns on its own. An image of Hugh and Rene, a look of deathly loss on thei The page flips. Crain hovers, dark, rage just under the surface, but on R is the faintest, most inappropriate SMILE.  It sends a ch Nell. The album begins to slide down the shelf, and as it does, FLIP, Rene's SMILE grows wider, her hair dishevelled, her with grinning insanity... Nell grabs the book just as it falls from the shelf. It is open in her hands to a picture of Crain, alone, in the enormous fireplace in the Great Hall.  RENE IS GONE. is monstrous.  Nell, fearful, turns the page -- -- and REACTS to the last thing she expected.  A picture woman filled with grace and power.  CAROLYN CRAIN.  Posed settee before the fireplace.  Beautiful beyond words.  Sm Ahead of her time. NELL (cont'd) His second wife.  There was a  second wife?  Carolyn.
107) 4) text: It warms Nell. She turns the page.  Now Crain is there beside Carolyn. is something different about him.  Less frightening. Nell flips the page again, and now there is an image of C Carolyn.  Her hair is up in a FRENCH TWIST.  Nell smiles Nell turns the page yet again. But something is wrong.  It is another image of Carolyn a kinder, gentler Crain, but now it is Carolyn who is unsmi Another page.  Another.  Carolyn's face darkening.  And i picture, Carolyn's stomach is slightly distended. NELL (cont'd) She was pregnant.
107) 5) text: Nell TURNS PAGES FASTER AND FASTER, and as she does, Caro PREGNANT before our eyes in ragged animation, mouth worki speak, voiceless as it is... ELEANOR. Nell fumbles the book onto the floor.  It stares up at he the last page. It is an image of Carolyn.  Betrayal.  Hell.  Knowledge. seems to be POINTING at the gaping maw of the GRAND FIREP Nell bolts from the room.
108) 0) text: Nell bursts into the Great Hall and stops.  At the far en room broods the vast fireplace, its chain curtains hangin veil to some hellish sanctuary. Nell stares at it, daunted.  What is it that Carolyn is t show her?  The fireplace beckons, and Nell approaches aga will. She finds a steel poker hanging by the fireplace, and tak She uses it to slide one of the chain curtains open.  She its soot-black mouth. Nell peers up the chimney.  A faint sigh of air.  She sti poker up the flue, scratches around.  Nothing. She turns her attention to the back of the fireplace, thw Sooty stone chips away, but it's solid. The mechanism for the ash drop catches her eye.  Nell gra heavy, iron lever.  She pulls, but can barely budge it. screeches back, and the iron door in the floor of the fir SWINGS DOWN. Nell looks in.  Two feet down it looks like a gray blanke charred timber or two sticking out.  Sick with fear, Nell ash.  Just charred wood. She thrusts the poker down deep.  It vanishes in the ash hand.  CLACK.  She rakes through the ash.  CLACK.  And th feels the poker take purchase.  She draws it out, and ful turns it to the light... Impaled on its hooks are TWO HUMAN SKULLS. Nell fights back the scream in her throat.  One of the sk child's skull, the other an IMMENSE SKULL with brooding b forehead crushed. Nell lets the poker drop.  It bangs off the door, falls i drop, its handle hitting a spring.  Nell recoils as the t SNAP SHUT like a pair of jaws.
109) 0) text: Nell stumbles down the hall, weeping in fear.
109) 1) dialog: Theo!  Jim!  Help!
110) 0) text: Nell winds through the pitch-dark halls, rooms gaping bla right, searching for the voices which seems to come from the next bend, leading her around corner after corner. The hallways peel past Nell as she runs, slamming through ever darker.  The House's hellish carvings glare as she p grinning, taunting.  She rages on, oblivious until she ro final corner --
111) 0) text: -- into the long, dark hall leading to the LOCKED ROOM. STATUARY peer down on her.  Dead faces.  Blind marble eye turns, the heads and eyes turn imperceptibly with her. For a frame or two the EYES are real, just a subliminal g For the instant we try to catch the movement, the illusio there.  It makes Nell stop.  She regards the terrible doo considers the labyrinth around her.  And begins to unders
111) 1) dialog: The house... it's a maze, that's  how you designed it, didn't you,  Mister Crain?  So wherever one of  your little guests went, the house  brought them here.  It's designed  to make you come here.  But why?
111) 2) text: Another CRY comes from the far end. Nell eases down the hallway, the fear welling back on her tide.  She hesitates, but then the CHILD-CRY forces her o reaches the CARVED DOORS with the wooden guard statues. NELL (cont'd) Oh, no... Oh... no... no, no...  not that... Oh no... Ohhhhhhhhh!
111) 3) text: Gaping cold and stench hit her.  She gags. Now the CRY comes from under the door.  Present.  Real. there.  Nell shudders. The CRY grows louder, desperate.  She shuts her ears to i rises to fearsome rage, not sounding like a child anymore sounding like anything human at all, it's painful.  Nell the locked room in horror and takes off running.
112) 0) text: Nell bursts into the picture gallery and stops.  Standing Marrow, Theo and Luke, stricken silent by her entry.  Loo on their faces.  Nell just stands there.  A beat.  And th out of her, hysterical. NELL (cont'd) He hunted all those children in  here.  The dead children, Josiah  and Elizabeth and all of them...  from the books... he took them up  here... he played games... the  ones from his mills he burned them  up in the fireplace but she found  out what he did and she killed him --
112) 1) text: She takes a breath, and turns gray.  Before anyone else c her legs go out from under her, and she lands sitting.  T Marrow get to her side fast. NELL (cont'd) -- he didn't kill her she killed  him and ran away with her baby --
112) 8) dialog: After Rene... after she killed  herself... he turned into a  monster.  He did fill the house  with children... he did, but...  they weren't laughing...
112) 9) text: Nell is ugly, sprawling, in shock, as Theo and Marrow shu a padded bench on one side of the room.
112) 11) dialog: Carolyn showed me where she hid  him, hid him with all the ones he  killed --
112) 13) dialog: And they're all locked together in  here... and he won't let go of  them!
112) 16) text: Luke rushes in with a blanket.  Theo covers Nell and then gently. MARROW (cont'd) Look at me, Nell.  Look at me!
112) 17) text: Nell manages to focus on him, her breath laboring.
112) 18) dialog: Hugh Crain.  He's in the house.   He's still here...
112) 28) dialog: Is this true?  I've been  hypnotized?
112) 30) dialog: It's not real?  Crain?  He's not  real?
112) 34) text: Nell bucks in his arms, furious, desperate.
112) 35) dialog: This is real, I'm not making it  up!  Theo, you saw it!  You were  there -- the banging and last  night.  You, you all saw the  painting!
112) 37) dialog: -- but the painting!
112) 38) text: Nobody says anythlng.  The silence tortures Nell. NELL (cont'd) I know you think I did that.  I  didn't!  Go to the great hall and  look in the fireplace!
112) 39) text: She starts to laugh.  Marrow gently presses Nell down, tu blanket around her.
112) 41) dialog: Because that's where he burned  them up, the child laborers from  his mills!  Because that's where  their bones are!  He killed <i>hundreds</i>.  He took them here and he killed them.  Their bones are  in the fireplace!
112) 42) text: Nell sobs.  The others exchange looks at this.  It sounds so delusional, it makes Marrow look so right.
112) 44) text: Nell SPASMS trying to fight her way up, but Marrow and Lu down.  Nell begins to wail in helpless rage. MARROW (cont'd) Nell!  If we look in that  fireplace it'll just make you more  upset.  And when there are no  bones there, you'll say they got  up and walked away.
112) 45) dialog: Oh, God, you're not going to  look...
112) 46) text: Theo pushes them back and grabs Nell's hand, gently brush face.
112) 48) text: Theo turns up to Marrow, intense, furious with him. Nell's hysterics have stopped.  She stares up at him, los Searching inside herself.  Maybe she is crazy...
112) 50) text: Marrow reaches down to Nell, but she shrinks away.  Theo Marrow out, shielding Nell.  Marrow pauses, disgusted wit MARROW (cont'd) I'm sorry, Nell.  I'm really,  really sorry I did this to you.
113) 0) text: Nell lies in her bed, shivering.
113) 1) dialog: Don't leave me.
113) 2) text: Theo spreads an extra blanket over Nell.
113) 4) dialog: I don't think I want any.
113) 6) text: Theo spots a small candelabra with strings of crystal bea bedside table.  She lights the two candles. Theo goes and turns out the light.  Nell lies there watch flicker of the candles play in the crystal.  Eddies of he up the frost-covered glass of the window behind the cande Small streaks of frost begin to melt... We see eyes formi melting frost, a face begins to form... Theo watches Nell.  There can be a TIME DISSOLVE.  Nell f asleep.  Theo tiptoes out of the room.
115) 0) text: Marrow steps into the dark, vast room, his glasses glinti faint outline of the fireplace on the far wall looms in t darkness. Marrow approaches it.  The mesh screen is still open.  Ma there a moment.  Then looks in. He squats and tries to open the ash-drop.  It doesn't bud jammed by the poker Nell dropped in. Marrow considers, then shakes his head, feels stupid for in to check. Suddenly his CELL PHONE RINGS, startling him.
117) 0) text: Nell lies in her bed asleep, the room dark except for the guttering end of one of the candles.  It goes out. A FAINT SOUND.  LONG, LOW, like the inarticulate murmur o madmen.  Nell stirs.  Her eyes open.  She hears the sound The wall on the opposite side of the room catches the pal from the window.  The twisting figures in the plaster, th relief, the shadows they make seem to COME TOGETHER AS AN Black.  Not human.  The woodwork around it like some half The GIBBERING begins to RISE. OUT OF THE CORNER OF HER EYE she can see a FORM beside he bed. Nell's mouth moves.  She manages to form words, but it's whisper.
117) 1) dialog: Theo...
117) 2) text: Nell reaches out under the covers. Her HAND is suddenly grasped. THE EYE on the wall stares.  The babbling, liquid, deep v mounts, and as the shadows move ever so slowly, the EYE s roam over the room. NELL (cont'd) Oh, God.  It's looking for me.
117) 3) text: And then the babbling stops.  Nell grimaces in pain.  She look at Theo, but it's far too DARK right there beside he NELL (cont'd) Theo, my hand.  You're hurting me.
117) 4) text: In the place of the babbling, another sound.  High-pitche out.  A CHILD'S CRY.  Nell reacts. The cry wails louder, coming through the wall.  It's a wa agony.  A wail not of this earth.  Nell struggles, racked the pain in her hand and the tortured child's cry. NELL (cont'd) A child.  No.  No!  I'm right  HERE!
117) 5) text: The EYE focusses on her.  Dead on her.  Nell stops.  And violence, she's WRENCHED out of the bed by whatever's bes Nell hits the floor with a scream.  She grabs at the tabl side of the bed, pulling a lamp down on her, yanking at i The room FLASHES into brilliance.  Nell stands up, pantin is nothing in the room.  No Theo.  She looks at her hand. The eye on the wall is gone. NELL (cont'd) Oh, God.  Who was holding my hand?
117) 6) text: Nell snaps around.  There on the window, SPREADING before the frost on the glass is melting into a HORRIFYING FACE. of CRAIN. Nell recoils in prickling fear.  Living fear.  Then her f to RAGE.  In the blink of an eye there's a heavy ashtray hand, and it's flying at the window. NELL (cont'd) I will not let you hurt a CHILD!
119) 0) text: -- Theo's room, which is empty.  Now it seems like it's c the door to the hall, is right there.  Nell races after i
120) 0) text: -- barges out into the hallway.  She breaks into a run. sounds from farther off.  Nell chases after it.
121) 0) text: Theo carrying a pot of tea and some cups enters quietly j Nell is asleep.  She stops in surprise.  The window is sm on the floor.  Nell is gone.
122) 0) text: A panicked Theo runs out of Nell's room into the hallway.
123) 0) text: Halls sprawl away into darkness in all directions as Nell feel out where she is, and realizes she's lost.  Just lik she were before.  But now it's night.  And she's alone. tricked. Panting, she stops, presses herself against the wall.  He catches. Across from her is a MIRROR.  Herself reflected in its ta surface.  But there is something wrong with it.  Nell ste to it. Her reflected self begins to SMILE.  But SHE'S NOT SMILIN writhes in horror, but can't pull away from the mirror. GRIN WIDENS, INSANE.  The bottom half of her face is some BANG!  Nell recoils.  The sound breaks the spell, knockin from the mirror. BANG.  BANG.  BANG.  Nell turns and runs.
124) 0) text: The banging chases Nell into the hall of pillars.  Nell t face whatever it is that's coming after her.  The BANGING CRESCENDOES... and then recedes, still audible, but like following her has taken a wrong turn. Another mirror on the wall.  Nell glimpses herself in it. her EYES are someone else's, lit with insanity. Nell backs away, through doors into --
125) 0) text: -- the hall of mirrors.  Bang bang bang bang... The octagonal, mirror-lined pillars cast and re-cast her throughout the room.  Nell is everywhere in plain sight, by the very infinity of her images.  The BANGING grows lo
125) 1) dialog: Why do you want <i>me</i>?
125) 2) text: The BANGING ceases.  And then we see the real Nell standi NELL (cont'd) WHO AM I?
125) 3) text: She turns around.  Her REFLECTIONS all TURN with her.  EX For a long moment, we see it but Nell doesn't. And then she does. The REFLECTED NELL stands there, hands hanging, silent. Nell exhales in shuddering fear.  The Reflected Nell MOUT compelling the real Nell to whisper with it: NELL (cont'd) Welcome home, Eleanor...
125) 4) text: With that the Reflected Nell grins and her STOMACH SWELLS eyes, pregnant just like Carolyn Crain. NELL (cont'd) No.
125) 5) text: Nell runs.
126) 0) text: Nell races down the long hall, bare feet flying, covering from MIRRORS left and right.  She stumbles into --
127) 0) text: -- the greenhouse where she slips on the marble.  She kic shut behind her and lunges for the spiral staircase, her driving her up and up, setting the rickety thing swinging what Nell hears, the voices of children.
127) 2) dialog: I'm here... I'm here... I'm coming  to you, I'm coming to you...
127) 3) text: Nell climbs higher and higher into the dark reaches above AS SHE CLIMBS: through the greenhouse windows we see the the clouds driven by the wind, the moon, old vines wrappe skin of the greenhouse... and the shapes and shadows of t seem to shift as if it was alive... Nell reaches the landing.  The stair case rolls back and beneath her.  A beat.  And then BAM!  The door slams open
127) 5) text: Nell can only manage sobbing relief.
127) 7) text: Nell drags herself to the hand rail.  Marrow, Luke and Th into view below. They all react to the sight of Nell at the precarious top her insanely happy smile.  They think she's there to kill Just like Rene Crain. They all freak out in a chorus of 'Nell!  No, Nell!'
127) 9) text: Nell couldn't anyway.  She just grins madly, tears runnin face.  Marrow grabs for the stairs, but they shift under movement from up above.
127) 12) text: Marrow mounts the stairs.  The metal support rods sing ou weight.  And the whole thing pitches, rolling around as h Five feet.  Ten feet.  Fifteen feet up.  The sway gets wi goes. At twenty feet, with twenty more to go to reach Nell, he stairs buck, sway out dizzily.  And then to his dismay, h he's on the WRONG SIDE of the double helix staircase. MARROW (cont'd) Damn it.
127) 15) text: The sudden shift is too much for the old stairs.  The sup CREASE and then the whole enormous column of steel from w is standing to the ground BURSTS from its supports. Luke shoves Theo aside, and the bottom half of the stairs out in a massive, deafening COLLAPSE.  Marrow's cellular out of his pocket and shatters in hundred pieces across t The top half of the stairs remains, still hanging from th Nell grips the railing at the top. Marrow hangs there by one hand over the razor tangle of s He flails out for the other stairway, swings himself over takes a moment for him to realize he almost just died.  A paralysis.  This is no longer an experiment.  No longer f games.
127) 17) text: There she is.  Marrow forces himself to start climbing th stairs.  Luke and Theo watch from below, tense. Then he's there.  Nell stands a mere arm's length from hi other side of the railing. MARROW (cont'd) Come on, Nell.  You have to climb  over and step back on the stairs.
127) 18) text: Nell barely seems to hear him.  Instead she looks at the SUPPORT RODS around her.  We HEAR the voices of the CHILD calling to her. MARROW (cont'd) Nell!  Now!
127) 19) text: Theo, on the ground, calls up to Nell.
127) 21) text: Nell refocuses on him and then gingerly climbs over the r She hangs there.  She looks down at the tangled steel bel
127) 22) dialog: The children want me.  They're  calling me.  They need me.
127) 24) text: Nell looks UP at him, hazy. And THEN BEHIND MARROW: the shifting clouds, the moon, th and suddenly all these random elements behind him form a hideous face and in front of it a hand, and the hand is r forward to PUSH MARROW OFF THE STEPS. After we scream, NELL SCREAMS.
127) 25) dialog: NO!
127) 26) text: And as Marrow falls forward, pushed by the force behind h grabs him... he is caught on the rail... As she has reach him, now she has fallen into thin air, and she falls towa and they hold each other.  She has a hand... then a foot. slips... she holds on again... and reaches the staircase. on. A moment's peace... and then a new disaster: with a metal POP the support rods spring from their anchors and the re stairwell next to them drops to the ground in a catastrop shattering of sound. Marrow looks behind him, to whatever it was that Nell saw shoulder.  He looks back at her.  Her eyes are closed, sh open them.
128) 0) text: Marrow and Theo stand in the doorway to the shared bathro Luke finish taping a trash bag over Nell's broken window. in her bed, asleep or unconscious, it's impossible to say finishes, comes over.  Marrow is hushed, grim, exhausted.
129) 0) text: Luke sits on the closed toilet and watches Nell in the ad room.  Light from the bathroom falls across her fetal, cu in the bed. The door to Theo's room is open too.  Luke glances over. on her bed.  Marrow is slouched in a chair. Luke settles back against the wall. The HOUSE EXHALES, and the breath of the house is like th field in the Wizard of OZ; it brings on sleep.
131) 0) text: Nell lies asleep, the ornate headboard looming behind her with its strange plant-like splay of leaves. Nell draws a deep, sleeping breath... and her EYES OPEN. there, her breath still in her lungs, not moving, but sen something.  A long beat.  When she lets her breath out, w it in the cold.
133) 0) text: Nell lies there afraid to move, afraid to make the fainte From the darkness above WOOD CREAKS.  At first it seems l is walking on the floor above.  But it is coming from wit room. The CARVINGS on the ceiling, the impossibly elaborate woo MOVING.  Incredibly slowly, with incredible subtlety: tur out, some of the forms lengthening, some shortening.  Car changing here, changing there -- the ceiling coming alive some grand design we sense but cannot yet see. The wood grows out of the ceiling eating its way down int bed POSTERS.  It crawls down the posters, straining the s baroque curves, swelling them... The CREAKING begins from the darkness of the wall opposit Nell inclines her head to see.  Out of the wall two enorm grow, side by side. From behind Nell, now.  The headboard GROANS, its shapes fan-like plant designs thickening and SPLAYING wide. Nell can't move, her mind refusing to understand what's g The bulges in the wall DROOP to the floor.  And then we B SEE: they are like a pair of KNEES. Understanding starts to show in Nell's eyes.  She looks u ceiling.  And now all the movement, the design behind the transformation of the ceiling is clear. It is a HEAD.  A visage of madness, of absolute horror, e sealing shut its blind face. Silence.  Nell's breath comes ragged.  Unable to speak, b to call out. The EYES OPEN.  A SCREAM tears out of Nell's throat.
134) 0) text: Luke is shocked awake in time to see Nell's room CONVULSE just before the DOOR SLAMS in his face.
135) 0) text: The entire ROOM RAMS itself at Nell, jolting her hard int headboard.  THUMBS FOLD OUT of the woodwork, pinning her shoulders against it.  As the room lowers itself toward h SCREAMS out of her mind.
137) 0) text: -- and stumble into Nell's room.  Marrow's mouth opens. speechless.  They're stricken by the sight: Nell SCREAMIN the headboard as the deformed ceiling dips over her, the THRUSTING at her rhythmically.  Nell and Theo make EYE CO
137) 2) text: Marrow recovers, reaches out for Nell, and the FACE in th turns on him.  The GAZE stops Marrow in his tracks.  He l into it and knows it's real.  Somehow, it is Crain. Luke appears from out of nowhere on the other side of the SMASHES off one of the wooden hands with a large brass ca Nell screams in surprise, but Theo drags her out of the b The head turns to them.  They flee.  Marrow backs away in fear.
138) 0) text: Luke and Theo drag Nell down the stairs into the Great Ha brings up the rear.  They retreat for the entry as Luke p jacket over Nell's shoulders.  Marrow stops, looks back u stairs.
138) 2) text: All there is are the sounds of Nell, Luke and Theo making hall to the entry.  The House is silent.
138) 4) text: Luke goes out.  But Nell pauses, stopping Theo with her. The House is quiet.  Marrow's hand still outstretched.  N around the room.  There are heads everywhere, faces: anim humans, gods, all staring from the woodwork, the carpets All turning to her. Theo looks around, but can't see what Nell is seeing.  Ne comes faster, disoriented, yet aware...
138) 5) dialog: They're all in here.  All the ones  he killed.  They're just children!   We have to help them!
138) 7) text: Even now, Marrow can't believe what he just saw, but Theo brings him back.  He whirls, grabs onto Nell, helps Theo out.
139) 2) text: Marrow just looks at her and walks back to Nell's car.
140) 0) text: Nell sits in the passenger seat of her car, wrapped in he She stares out at the gate, at Luke and Theo consulting. appears in the window.
140) 2) text: Nell nods, but there's something about her not right.
140) 3) dialog: Why did you bring me here?
140) 4) text: Marrow shakes his head, doesn't fully understand. NELL (cont'd) Why did you call me and tell me to  look in the paper for the ad?
140) 6) text: Nell stares, dismayed, but Marrow is dead serious.
140) 7) dialog: But you told me to look in the  paper!  You told me I'd be  perfect!
140) 9) dialog: Then who called me?
140) 10) text: Hill House looms behind her, windows forming eyes, the ca gaping mouth. Nell's dismay becomes a cold, terrifying understanding, a turns and stares back up at the House. Luke comes up with Theo on the other side of the car.
141) 0) text: Theo pulls Nell away from the drive.  Marrow stands back car where Luke belts in behind the wheel. Luke eases the car forward to the gate.  He advances unti bumper makes contact.  And then without further ado, REVS engine. The Buick grinds into the heavy steel bars.  The chain ti around the two halves of the gate, but shows not the slig strain.
146) 0) text: Nell understands, the house will not let her go.  She tur from the gate, faces the House, mesmerized by the beauty monstrosity.  The House is calling her back, and Nell is towards it.  She starts walking...
148) 2) text: Marrow looks up at the gate.  It is even more impassible with the gasoline-saturated wreck in it.  No way to try a break-out either. LUKE (cont'd) Sorry about your car, Nell.
148) 3) text: He turns around.  The others do too. No Nell.  Luke and Theo look up.  Mute dread.  No Nell an
151) 0) text: Marrow, Luke and Theo pause at the top of the stairs and both long, empty directions of the hallway. Then Marrow turns toward Nell and Theo's room.  The brass candelabra... in front of the open door. The rooms draw nearer, closer.  Not even the sound of the breathing. The door is ajar.  Marrow pushes it open with the tire ir room lies in silent disarray.  Normal disarray.  The bed The ceiling normal.  No Nell. Marrow and Theo REACT and enter the room.  Luke lingers o hall a moment.  And just as he steps in after them we HOL long, empty hall -- -- and a FIGURE glides across.  Far down at the other end disappears.  It was Nell.
152) 0) text: Nell walks through the row of dark statues.  Carved faces pass.
153) 0) text: Nell stands before the threshold of the horrific doors, o now inexplicably OPEN.  The mythological frieze on the do half, a world cut in two, a seal broken.  Like something out of its tomb. Nell steps into the blackness.
156) 0) text: Nell stands there in the darkness, sensing the expanse of turning... and kicking something on the floor. It is a wooden toy train.  Then she sees a rocking horse feet.  It is a NURSERY.  Turn-of-the-century. And as Nell's eyes adjust, as she tries to see what else in the dark, she begins to make out WHITE SHROUDED SHAPES Against the wall.  A bed covered in a sheet.  A table bes HAND BELL.  A CANE. Just like Nell's sick room at home.  Nell realizes it, co mouth. The furniture is in EXACTLY the same position, though the covering the pieces are stained, FAR OLDER. And on the wall, something in a frame is covered with a p sheet. Nell approaches it in trepidation and removes the cloth. beat, all we see is her face as it goes slack.  Understan The framed thing is a stitchery.  It says: A PLACE FOR EV EVERYTHING IN ITS PLACE. Just like the one at home.
157) 3) text: Marrow and Theo look at him.  It's what they've been thin haven't had the courage to say.  Theo stops suddenly.  Tu The men notice, and pause. Then they hear it.  Faint.  Floating down from upstairs s Nell's TUNE.  It doesn't sound right, but it's hard to te coming from so far away. They look at each other, start for the stairs.
158) 0) text: Theo, Marrow and Luke stand at the end of the dark hallwa stare at the gaping doors to the nursery at the far end. is coming from within.  Abruptly, it stops. And instead of Nell's tune, there's a repetitive CREAK. CREAK. In rising dread, Theo starts forward. It takes Marrow and Luke a moment to come after her.  The gets louder, unnerving. They get to the doors, Theo first.  She pushes them wide.
159) 2) text: And there, hunched over something turning a CREAKING CRAN sort, is Nell.
159) 4) text: Nell straightens from whatever it is she was doing and tu them.  Theo steps toward her, afraid for her.
159) 6) dialog: Just had to be sure.
159) 8) text: Marrow shuts him up with a vicious gesture, stays back hi Theo approaches Nell.
159) 10) text: Nell smiles at Theo.  She's holding something.
159) 11) dialog: Oh, Theo.  You know I don't have  an apartment.
159) 13) text: Nell's smile softens even more.  Her voice is reassuring.
159) 14) dialog: Don't worry about me, Theo.  I'm  wanted.  Right here.  I'm home.
159) 15) text: A CHILL of fear cuts through Theo as Nell looks deep into NELL (cont'd) After all... (beat) I'm family.
159) 16) text: The thing in Nell's hand is a NEEDLE, the thing she's bee an ANCIENT PHONOGRAPH.  She lowers the needle to the spin record.  And HER TUNE, the one she hums all the time, beg play. The others are frozen where they stand.  Marrow's mind re implications of what he's hearing.
159) 18) dialog: My mother used to hum this to me.   Like her mother hummed it to her.   And my great grandmother Carolyn  hummed it to her.
159) 19) text: Nell turns back.  The others stand there speechless. NELL (cont'd) I have to stay.  You better go.  I  could explain it, but you'd never  understand.
159) 20) text: And that, finally, galvanizes the others into action.  Ma past Theo, grabs Nell hard, and swings her for the door.
159) 22) dialog: No --
159) 24) text: Luke closes in on Nell with Marrow, and there's nothing s but let herself be pulled along.
160) 0) text: Down the stairs they come, Luke out in front now, boundin half flight ahead.  Marrow and Theo support Nell between Nell looks up at the hooded painting of Crain, but is spu and taken down the next flight.
161) 0) text: Nell, Marrow and Theo reach the bottom of the stairs and Luke is halfway across the room, looking back to make sur with him -- -- and Nell digs her heels in, jerking Marrow and Theo to She stares.  The others follow her gaze. She's looking down the connecting hall, out to the entry front doors.  They're open.
161) 1) dialog: In the night...
161) 2) text: The DOOR BAMS SHUT with a concussion that rocks the entir sweeping Luke's jacket under it.  The HANDLES TURN, LOCK Stunned.  All stunned. A RUSH OF AIR.  The House EXHALES.  Silence.  And then CR They cast their eyes back up the stairs. BUMP BUMP.  Far-off sounds, hair-raising, of infinite var down the halls. NELL (cont'd) ...In the dark.
162) 2) text: He roundhouse kicks it, hurts himself. Theo, afraid, watches the Great Hall behind them.  Nell p hand on her shoulder.
162) 3) dialog: It's not safe for you anymore.   The children need me, and Crain is  doing everything he can to keep me  from them.
162) 6) text: He rushes down the hall, Luke right beside him, Nell and their wake.
163) 0) text: Luke's first barging into the kitchen.  Big windows all a wall.  Huge windows.  Marrow follows him in, Luke's fear into a vicious smile as he sees the towering windows. Nell and Theo are right behind in time to see Luke and Ma scooping up a table and chair respectively.
163) 2) text: The men rush the same window, side-by-side, and let the h of furniture fly from ten feet. The WINDOW SHATTERS, dozens of panes blown out into the d beyond.  But the metal LATTICE remains, the chair's legs it. Marrow and Luke pause, taken back a beat.  They hustle ov Theo and Nell stand a few feet back. Luke grabs the chair, levers it, tries to pry open the me Marrow reaches through, knocking loose glass, trying to f sort of handle on the other side.
163) 7) text: Nell and Theo fall to the floor to help him.  Marrow moan grips his injured hand in hers.  Fast, like she was born doctor, Nell clamps off the blood with her fingers.
163) 8) dialog: Give me your shoelace.
163) 9) text: Marrow tugs at his shoe, in shock, and looks at Nell.  Sh Terrifyingly calm.  And in that moment, he realizes she's her mind.  She just understands things beyond what he cou begin to understand.
163) 11) dialog: Nothing, if you leave right now.   There's a war going on all around  us.  Don't get in the way, please.
163) 12) text: Nell cinches the shoelace tight around his wrist. Luke throws down the chair, giving up on the window.
163) 14) text: As he looks up at another one of Crain's painting hanging wall.  Nell Theo with Marrow straggle toward the great ha
164) 6) text: Nell looks over at the burning tapestries.  Heat sears th blackens the carved figures in the woodwork. The ruddy light casts deep shadows throughout the room. LUKE (cont'd) We'll get out after this wing  burns down.  Let's go.
165) 0) text: Luke looks at them helplessly.  An awful, impending beat. warning, the huge PERSIAN CARPET he's standing on JERKS o under him.  Luke falls on his stomach. Stunned, Luke looks straight into Nell's eyes.  Then the slides fast for the FIREPLACE.  It whips up to the hearth Luke flying through the chain curtains. The others are speechless.  They can do nothing but watch lays there on the ashdrop.  A long moment.
165) 1) dialog: (to the house, to Crain) No!  No!  Let them go!
165) 2) text: She knows what is going to happen, is powerless to preven stands up, has time to give her a look. And then the LION'S HEAD FLUE drops open behind him.  Luk back into its iron eyes -- -- and with SHOCKING SPEED the FLUE snaps shut again, tak head off his body. The decapitated corpse falls back in the fireplace like a with its strings cut. Nell, Marrow and Theo stand there.  Not sure of what just their minds unable to accept it. A sound comes up in Theo's throat.  A sob.  A horrified w Marrow and Nell stand there speechless.  It's as if sayin obvious will make it real:
165) 4) text: BANG.  The blood-splattered LION'S HEAD drops open.  Luke falls out. Theo SCREAMS and SCREAMS again.  Nell backs away with Mar has the presence of mind to drag them away, but -- -- CLANG!  The ASH DROP OPENS.  The sudden sound stops th tracks. As they watch, it's as if the House INHALES.  And BOOM! Out of the ash drop EXPLODES a hail of BONES, SKULLS, FLY Nell, Theo and Marrow back up toward the Grand Staircase INCINERATED HUMAN REMAINS vomit from the fireplace, blast the floor, knocking over furniture with shocking violence bounce over wood.  Hundreds of them. Theo and Marrow cover their faces as shattered bits of bo teeth pelt them.  Nell is immune. They run up the Grand Staircase toward the top and finall reach them anymore.
166) 3) dialog: He played hide and seek with the  children.  That's how he built the  house.
166) 6) text: Nell looks at him, pitying.  Infinitely sad, but guarding
166) 7) dialog: I know.
166) 8) text: Behind them the huge painting of Hugh Crain in a golden f sharp metal spikes, looks down at them.  The room inhales exhales, the bumping sound resumes.  A rumble runs throug and they all look down in fear toward the great hall wher of ashes still hangs in the air. Unseen by them, this rumble start to shake the painting b The sound from the great hall makes Marrow and Theo back but Nell doesn't move... she senses something is about to she will fight it... She suddenly turns and sees the painting... in a flash sh out for Marrow and Theo, pull them out of the way as the painting with the huge skull, falls face down toward them misses them by a hair, but their clothes are shredded by Marrow and Theo are-shocked as they back up right toward on top of the staircase. For a split second the BRASS Griffin right behind them, c opens it's fangs and claws and is ready to attack... but the danger, grabs a human bone and batters the griffin. NELL (cont'd) No, no, you leave them alone!
167) 0) text: Nell leads Marrow and Theo down the dark hallway, the twi woodwork along the walls frozen, but seeming poised to re trip someone, grab a sleeve. It is a nightmare House.  Doing what it was made for. The BUMPING they've left behind seems to vanish up and in ceiling.  It gives chase, on the floor above.  Nell keeps back, and every time she does the BUMPING seems to get mo MORE LIKE A FOOTSTEP.  Calm, Nell urges them on.
167) 1) dialog: Hurry.
167) 2) text: The FOOTSTEPS upstairs come faster; whatever's up there m better, more naturally. Theo and Marrow turn LEFT through an archway.  Nell looks the ceiling.  The thing's moving fast. She dodges toward the archway where Theo and Marrow went, It's a wall.  Solid wall.  There's no archway here!  Nell away.  Alone. The House has separated them. Nell tries to open any of the hall doors, but they are al There's no other way then going back.
168) 0) text: Nell is back in the mezzanine, steps carefully over Crain painting.  The long white lace curtains in front of a sid start to flutter in the wind... but the window is closed! Nell walks up to the top of the stairs, her back to the w calls out:
168) 1) dialog: Jim!  Theo!
168) 2) text: No answer, and as she steps forward, listening for a repl CURTAIN BILLOWS OUT behind her, and in its movement, beco split second, the image of CRAIN, GRABBING for her. Nell, oblivious, steps just OUT OF REACH, and as the bree the contours and patterns of the billowing curtain dissol chaos.  Nell glances back at it, just sees curtain, and l the open window. She turns from it, determined, and starts out to find her and walks down the steps.
169) 0) text: CLOSE ON THE BRASS GRIFFINS that guard the staircase. Behind Nell's back they all turn toward her, follow her w eyes as Nell enters the great hall.  And they cower in fe is about to happen.  Again Nell call's out for Theo and M And Nell doesn't see the scores of TINY ARMS OF CHILDREN out from the carvings in the high backed chairs in the ha carefully avoids stepping on the skulls and bones of the that cover the floor. Horrifyingly alive are these TINY HANDS as reach out for after she passes.  We're screaming as they almost have he Nell steps away. And then... CREAK... CREAK... CREAK... The terrified animal heads on the balustrade, their eyes fear.  The lions above the big fireplace snarl restlessly Cherubim, afraid, clasp hands.  Gods and men pay unwillin to what is now coming down the stairs. The upper flight of stairs strains under the weight of th coming down, over our heads, coming down, down... and now landing.  The sound stops. Nell's BREATH escapes, visible in the cold as she watches the floor in the Grand Entry. Darkness against darkness.  Something BLOCKS the glint of frame up on the landing.  Something huge.  A beat. And then a SHADOW sweeps across the scene, impenetrable, the stairs, wiping them from sight, like something glidin them. Before our eyes, out of the most subtle variation of shad flickers into existence: THE SHAPE, tall, eight or nine feet, featureless, black, proportions of an enormous man with his head bowed, shoul stooped.  And just like that, all it is... ...is a well of darkness and night once again.  We don't for sure what we just saw.  But it is still there in that shadow. Nell goes rigid, not breathing, not seeing anything but t presence.  She is spellbound. BANG.  A door in the connecting passage opens, and Theo a come out, between Nell in the entry and the thing in the beyond. In a flash the SHAPE is moving at Theo and Marrow.  They it, have their backs turned.
169) 2) text: But Nell is looking past them.  They see her face and tur
169) 3) dialog: Nooo, not them!
169) 4) text: What is coming at them makes the blood stop. The Shape rushes from the Great Hall, vanishing as it cro pools of moonlight, reforming darker as it hits shadow ag wake like a shockwave, invisible itself, but VISIBLE IN I Theo SCREAMS.  Marrow stumbles back.  And then Nell's voi out: NELL (cont'd) Is this where she bashed your  brains in?
169) 5) text: The onrushing presence STOPS.  Seems to turn its attentio standing there before the towering front doors. NELL (cont'd) When you came in the door?  I bet  that was the last thing you  expected.  Right?  From Carolyn? (beat) You thought, oh, Carolyn, I've  taken it all out of her, you  thought, Oh, Carolyn, she's no  threat.  Carolyn.  Great Grandma  Carolyn.  Did you know that?
169) 6) text: Nell shows no fear.  There's a ferocious edge to her voic NELL (cont'd) She found out what you did, and  she knew there was only one way to  stop you.  And she stopped you, so  you couldn't torture anymore of  the living. (beat) But you wouldn't even let go of  the dead, would you?  Well, now  I'm here.  They called me.  Did  you know that?  They've been  crying out for help for a long  time.  And I heard them.
169) 7) text: She points out at the human remains strewn all over the G NELL (cont'd) And I won't let you hurt them  anymore.
169) 8) text: The SHAPE hovers there, silent.  Air and shadow distort a The carved animal heads on the Newell posts and walls lol forth, alive then not-alive.  Pieces of furniture stamp i to animate themselves, but can't find limbs that work. NELL (cont'd) Come on, Hugh Crain, you know what  to do.  We've both been here  before.
169) 9) text: The SHAPE HOWLS FORWARD, knocking everyone out of their s flies across the floor at Nell. Marrow and Theo are slammed against the walls out of its Nell OPENS WIDE HER ARMS in an EMBRACE. It's ON HER, but just as it seems to hit, it SPLITS like right through it.  The SHAPE and all the debris in its wa deep in the enormous doors. The carved WOODWORK seems to suck it all in, cracking, gr And then all the SCREAMS are cut off. Nell stands there with her arms spread.  A long moment. She opens her eyes. And then the woodwork LASHES OUT, grabs her from behind, back against the doors.  THE BLOW HAS KILLED HER. We feel her bones break as she crumples, is drawn into th And for a few seconds Nell's body just hangs there... and gently falls down. Theo lets out a horrified cry as she runs toward Nell.
169) 11) text: Marrow gets up off the floor in terror and awe, his life beliefs changed forever.  He walks over to Nell and feels knowing it is a useless gesture as Theo softly moans over And as the camera pans up across the entry door, we see a carving in the sculpted doors.  It is a woman and as we m can see that she wears the same necklace as Nell...
172) 0) text: Theo and Marrow stand on the far side of Nell's wrecked c other side of the gate Mr. Dudley is undoing the chain. stares at the ragged duo.
174) 0) text: Theo and Marrow stand on the far side of Nell's wrecked c other side of the gate Mr. Dudley is undoing the chain. stares at the ragged duo.