37) 0) text: Nell looks down from the top of the stairs.  Below Mrs. D THEO, 20s, exotic, sophisticated, in Vera Wang leather, w a pile of designer luggage.  Theo peers up.  She's dark, amused, worldly way: someone who has seen and done it all
37) 1) dialog: You may think I have a sickness  about packing, but asking people  to help me shlep the stuff I take  with me everywhere is a cheap and  exploitative way of making new  friends.  My name's Theo.
37) 2) text: Theo foists a very heavy bag off on Mrs. Dudley who looks been handed a snake.  That makes Nell smile.  She comes r to help with the bags.
37) 4) text: Theo is a little thrown by Nell's gushing. NELL (cont'd) What a beautiful jacket.
37) 5) text: Theo looks her over... and understands.  Nell is desperat liked.
37) 6) dialog: And what you're wearing, that's  great, too.
37) 8) dialog: What did it cost?
37) 10) dialog: That'd be seventy in New York.   You stole it!
37) 12) dialog: Wait.  You're not wearing that  ironically?  This is really you?
37) 14) text: Mrs. Dudley, walking ahead, looks back at them.  Then con Theo makes a face at Mrs. Dudley's back.  Nell smiles, a
37) 15) dialog: A week.  You and I?  We're going  to have fun.
38) 0) text: Mrs. Dudley opens the door, letting Theo and Nell into a bedroom, a mirror-image twin of Nell's room, except it's in rich red-orange velvets.
38) 1) dialog: This is so twisted.
38) 4) text: Mrs. Dudley lays Theo's suitcase on a luggage stand.
38) 6) text: Theo, back to Mrs.  Dudley, rolls her eyes at Nell. MRS. DUDLEY (cont'd) I leave, before dark.  So there  won't be anyone around if you need  help.
38) 13) text: Theo leans on the bed, musing at the exchange.  And then backs out of the room, shuts the door. NELL (cont'd) My room is right next door.  I  think we share a bathroom.
38) 14) text: Theo has an interesting eye on Nell, she's studying her.
38) 15) dialog: Don't worry, I probably won't be  in here much.  Light sleeper.
38) 17) dialog: What do you do?
38) 19) dialog: That depends.
38) 20) text: Theo pops a dress bag on the bed, unzips it.  Theo takes coat, and is only wearing a black bra underneath.  Nell r turns away.  Back to the camera, Theo flicks off her bra, THEO (cont'd) I'm supposed to be an artist, but  I've been really distracted from  work by love.  Do you know what I  mean?
38) 22) dialog: Don't tell me Boston is different  from New York.
38) 24) dialog: My boyfriend thinks so, my  girlfriend doesn't.  If we could  all live together... but... they  hate each other.  It's hard to be  Miss Perversity when you're the  only one at the party.  D'you know  what I mean?
38) 26) dialog: (delighted) A blank canvas!  I could paint  your portrait, directly on you.   Or maybe not.  So, you?  Husbands?   Boyfriends?  Girlfriends?  Where  do you live?
38) 28) text: Nell peeks, sees Theo is decent, turns around.
38) 29) dialog: That sounds really nice.  You're  lucky.  But you know that.
38) 30) text: Theo comes over, straightens Nell's seams; this is an int forward gesture. THEO (cont'd) (with meaning) Come on, we've seen enough of the  bedroom for now.
39) 0) text: The long hall is lost in shadow, its long rows of doors w the deadening silence.  A lamp on a pier table casts a sm light.  The walls glow in rich tones, the low-relief carv worm's-wood of shadow. Nell runs her hand over a wall panel as Theo peeks into a neighboring room.
39) 2) text: Theo starts down the hall.  Nell follows.
40) 0) text: Nell and Theo enter a room just off the landing, a lavish with the omnipresent panelled walls, lush red carpet, vel curtains sweeping floor to ceiling, heavy pieces of furni watches Theo explore.  As Theo moves through the room, Ne lands on another painting of Hugh Crain.  Inside it's orn framework, distinctive little cherubs are embedded.  Cher Death... She runs her fingers over it.
40) 1) dialog: Maybe you shouldn't touch --
40) 2) text: Theo twirls out of the room, Nell, anxious, behind her.
41) 0) text: As they come out of Crain's study Theo stops at the top o stairs, Nell behind her.
41) 1) dialog: Jeez.
41) 4) text: Theo walks out, swings around.
41) 5) dialog: Which one?  Pick any.
42) 0) text: Theo breezes into a small parlor with heavy green velvet panelled walls, rich settees.  Other doors lead off the r follows.
42) 1) dialog: This is a serious question, but do  you think the Dudleys ever make  love in this room?  They're alone  in the house, no one watching.  No  one... no one watching.  You can  do what you want.
42) 2) text: Theo goes running for another door and is out. Nell, realizing she's being left behind, springs after he another mysterious hallway --
43) 1) dialog: Here.  Here.  Here. (under a leering  gargoyle) Oh yes!  Oh yes oh YES!  Here!
43) 2) text: Nell laughs -- appalled and loving every minute of it. THEO (cont'd) Can't you just see it?
44) 0) text: Through a narrow passageway, and large double doors they stand at the threshold of a fantastic ballroom lined with and chandeliers.  Rows of mirror-coated octagonal pillars vaulted, mirrored ceiling far above.  With the door openi a CLICK, and a mechanism of some sort is activated.  The begins to MOVE like a slow turntable. Theo comes right up, looks over Nell's shoulder.  Nell st She traipses out across the room, her million reflections with her into infinity.  Theo dances after her.  They dan quite together.  Nell stops and pronounces:
44) 2) dialog: (gently, recognizes  that Nell is  different) You're okay.
45) 1) dialog: (having fun) Rats!  We're rats in a maze! That's what this experiment is going to be!
46) 0) text: They stand at the end of a long hallway to one of the Hou forgotten outlying wings.  It is dark.  Too dark.  Nell a regard the darkness. At the far end of the hall stand a pair of MAHOGANY DOORS almost black, oily-looking.  Surrounding them, an enormou geometrical frieze. The doors themselves are plain.  In their simplicity ther something about them enormously disturbing.  It is as if are looking back at them, Nell goes cold.  Theo holds her
46) 2) text: Theo nods.  They turn around, Theo opening what she think door they came through.
47) 0) text: They hurry down a narrow staircase, Theo first, Nell righ
47) 2) text: They fly down a set of steps, Theo flings open a final do
48) 6) dialog: You'll never guess.
48) 23) text: His smile is devastating.  Nell reddens, instantly taken warmth, observant sensitivity.  Theo notices.
48) 25) dialog: No, but Nell's been here longer  than I have.
50) 5) text: Theo twirls her wine glass, licks the dregs inside the ri thinking.
50) 6) dialog: The rest of you may hate your  insomnia, but I find it the best  time of the day for me.  I'm  alone.  Nobody's talking to me but  myself.  My mind is racing with  ideas, and I can think.
50) 8) text: Nell isn't used to people being so direct and at the same playful.  She glances at Marrow's LEFT HAND: NO WEDDING R THEO (cont'd) Excuse me.
50) 20) text: He says this with enough sympathy for Theo to see his int the girl in the thrift shop dress. MARROW (cont'd) Why don't we move to another room?
51) 10) dialog: When do we take the tests?
51) 12) text: Nell and Theo are looking through their folders: sheets o bizarre geometric puzzles.
51) 14) text: The others shuffle through papers, Nell and Todd intent o Theo interested but not overly so, Luke, bored.
51) 23) text: This has been tense between them, a gunfight.  POP!  A LO fireplace makes everyone jump.  Theo relishes it, but Nel
51) 29) text: Marrow and Theo rush over to her as she shrieks in pain. Todd is frozen, pale, like he's about to be sick.  Nell t OTHER WAY, but not because she's scared -- she's searchin shot glass on a side table. Marrow wraps Mary in his arms.  Her shrieking becomes a t but quieter wail.
53) 0) text: Luke catches up with Nell and Theo as he reaches the mezz painting of Hugh Crain, barely visible in the shadows, lo behind.
53) 2) dialog: And why didn't Marrow tell us? Doesn't he trust women?  That  fuck.
53) 4) dialog: The Taj Mahal wasn't a palace, it was a tomb.  Why didn't he tell  us?
53) 6) text: He heads off.  Theo turns to find Nell staring at the ani on the stairs.  Theo touches her.  She starts.
53) 7) dialog: Nell, it was an accident.
55) 0) text: Nell finishes putting things away in drawers.  Theo watch in the doorway.  Nell looks around at the room: and this family's new home.  Theo smiles sweetly at her, comes ove awkward moment, as the seriousness drains away.
55) 1) dialog: Ever try putting your hair up in a  French twist?
55) 2) text: Theo reaches for Nell's hair.  Nell pulls away.  Theo pau realizes she shouldn't have pulled back.
55) 4) text: She moves closer to let Theo examine her hair.  Theo take hair, holds it up in a French twist.
55) 5) dialog: You've been out of the world for a  long time, haven't you?
55) 7) dialog: No.  The world has missed you.
55) 8) text: Cautiously, Nell peers in a mirror at herself... and like sees.  Theo lets Nell's hair drop.  Theo moves for the do
55) 10) dialog: You, too.  Happy tossing and  turning.
59) 0) text: Eyes.  Eyes of all the mythological figures.  STARING dow black hallway.  Awaiting something.  Afraid. At the end of the hallway, where all eyes are staring, th doors, the ones that scared Nell and Theo stand shut. That something gathering at the edge of our hearing RISES if the House itself is breathing.
60) 3) dialog: Nell!
62) 0) text: -- into Theo's room.  THUMP BUMP BUMP.  Nell finds Theo r front of her, hair wet, kneeling in the bed, clutching he herself.
62) 1) dialog: What is it!?
62) 2) text: The sound grows nearer.  Out in the hall.  Like something Coming toward them. Nell lunges at the door.  Theo grabs to stop her, and Nel door is DEADBOLTED.  There's a RUSHING sound on the other the tall door.  Right there.  Nell freezes.  BUMP!  BUMP! THEO (cont'd) Nell!
62) 3) text: Nell recoils to Theo's side, drags Theo out of bed to the the room. Nell and Theo stare out AT US in terror.  BUMP.  BUMP.  B Nell and Theo's eyes travel over the walls, following wha which now seems to be moving out here in the theater. The SOUND moves along the wall to the right, reaching its it crosses the back of the theater, then seems to come do side. Theo shivers.  Nell clutches her close.  Nell writhes, un stand it any longer.  She jumps up. THEO (cont'd) Nell!
62) 6) text: SILENCE.  The bumping goes dead.  Nell blinks, looks back But Theo is looking at her hands. THEO (cont'd) Cold.  Oh, God.  Feel it.
62) 7) text: She looks up in horror at Nell.  Their breath FOGS in the holds her hand up in front of her, and as we watch HER HA UP, GOOSEBUMPS WITH THEM. Her eyes turn up to the door, and: BAMBABAMBAM BABBA BAM! JARS in its frame, leaping from the blows of whatever's o side. Nell backpedals but slips on the rug, falls there on the in front of the door.  Theo SCREAMS. Silence.  The BANGING stops.  With a RUSH, whatever is ou door is no longer there. Nell looks at Theo. Then Theo looks at the bathroom. Nell starts for it, grabs Theo's door, but it's designed locked from the BATHROOM SIDE.  Nell looks up --
63) 0) text: -- and takes a step into the pitch-dark bathroom.  Theo a the doorway behind her.  Across the bathroom the door to is closed.  Nell dashes for it -- -- but A SUDDEN SCUTTLING SOUND stops her dead.  On the o of the door.  Rasping over wood.  Like a thing without ha to turn -- -- THE DOORKNOB.  A long beat.  The metal creaks as somet hold of it on the other side. Nell, mouth open in cold horror, sees the deadbolt.  It's She's in no-man's land: too far from the door to lock it, to run. The doorknob TURNS, but just as the door starts to open N FORWARD AND SHOOTS THE DEADBOLT HOME. The door jams against it.  Nell jumps back.  Theo grabs h into --
64) 1) text: But their BREATH no longer fogs.  Theo seems to notice th as Nell starts for her room and... KNOCK KNOCK KNOCK.  Be At the door to the hall.
64) 3) dialog: Luke.
66) 0) text: Nell and Theo, wrapped in blankets, sit over mugs of tea kitchen table.  Marrow, across from them, clicks off his recorder.  Luke paces behind the women.
66) 2) text: Marrow takes his glasses off.  Luke looks at him, then go kitchen sink.  He turns both faucets on full blast and le against the sink, arms folded.  Theo and Nell turn to loo A beat.  And then: BUMP.  Bump bump.  It's the sound.  Luke goes over to the pushes it open.
67) 0) text: VARIOUS SHOTS as the bumping seems to travel down the hal rushing sound with it.  They're the same sounds, from the before, but somehow have none of the impact, none of the they did in Theo's bedroom.
68) 3) text: Luke leaves the kitchen.  Theo and Nell watch him go.
68) 4) dialog: If this was some sort of joke, I'm  going to kill him.
68) 10) text: Theo and Nell look at each other in frustration.  But The get her mind around the question.
68) 11) dialog: I did just take a bath.  I don't  know.
69) 0) text: The room is a lot less frightening now, especially with t on.  Nell sits on Theo's bed.  Theo looks at the walls, s normal.
69) 1) dialog: I did just take a bath.
69) 2) text: When Nell doesn't respond for a moment, Theo turns to her wrestling with herself.
69) 4) text: Theo shakes her head, brushes at her eyes.  The confessio top of the fright, has moved her deeply.
69) 5) dialog: Oh, Nell.  Eleven years.  With all  due respect to your mother who I'm  sure was a saint, I'd have called  Doctor Kevorkian, if not for her,  for me.
70) 2) text: Nell shuts the door.  Theo is about to close her door, bu hesitates.  She puts on the light and goes to the tub.  S on, waits.  Just the sound of the water.  And no bumping.
72) 3) text: Nell smiles.  Theo walks in the door, sees Nell and Marro squeezed in behind him.
72) 5) text: Theo is aware of Marrow's curiosity and fascination with There's a jealousy brewing.
72) 6) dialog: Well this is a cozy breakfast.
72) 8) text: Luke comes in behind Theo, tired-looking also.  He goes t sideboard, starts helping himself to breakfast.
72) 12) dialog: I guess.  Oh, your hair!  It looks  good.
72) 13) text: But she means exactly the opposite.  Marrow looks over Ne but she can't stand it.  Luke comes over to the table, dr chair next to Nell, digs into breakfast.  Theo's face tur artificial smile. THEO (cont'd) Your makeup too.
73) 3) text: He puts his hand on a CHAIR, the back of which is heavily the motif he just described. Nell turns him an appalled look. LUKE (cont'd) Theo was working in the dining  room.  She's probably done by now.   You finish?
74) 0) text: Nell slams out of the room, skidding as the door slams be She sways up off the floor to run -- -- right into Marrow and Theo's legs.  Nell aborts a scre realizing who it is.  Theo stands there in surprise, hold in her hand.
75) 0) text: Nell and Theo stand behind Marrow and Luke across from th fireplace.  Theo glances at Nell.  Nell is shaken. Marrow nods to Luke, and they start forward together, Mar the furniture to the left, Luke down the right side. The iron screens hang silent in the fireplace, black, imp Marrow and Luke come up on either side, Luke ducking this that trying to get a glimpse through the mesh. They stop before it, neither breathing, both listening. steps forward and pulls one screen aside far enough to lo DARKNESS. Nell and Theo watch, apprehensive.
75) 4) text: Marrow looks at her, not sure what to believe.  Nell turn and Theo for help.  Not from that corner.  Then Nell reme reaches into her pocket and produces the KEYS.  She holds Luke. NELL (cont'd) Are these yours?  I found them  right over there.
75) 6) text: Theo shakes her head.  They aren't Marrow's.  Marrow take from Nell, turns them over.
75) 7) dialog: Maybe they're Mary's.
76) 2) text: Theo gestures to a sports car on the circular drive.  Two are with it.  They walk out into the driveway.
78) 2) dialog: He must have left.  Didn't like  the looks of the place or  something.
78) 4) dialog: Two sets.  I don't know.  Maybe  they're not even his.
78) 7) text: Marrow, Theo and Luke move down the hall, opening doors l right as Nell stands at the center of it all.
81) 0) text: Nell and Theo, walking into rooms.
81) 1) dialog: Watts?
81) 3) dialog: David.
83) 0) text: Nell and Theo walk down the long hallway behind, opening checking rooms.
83) 2) dialog: Maybe he never came in.  If he'd  come in, he would have left his  bags at the door, right?  Or maybe  he got here early, and went for a  walk, and fell.  Maybe he's  outside.
83) 3) text: Nell closes a door on the right, and then stops dead.  St The shut, dark, door, the one that scared Nell and Theo e awaits them at the end.  Ominous. Nell approaches.  Closer and closer.  The door nears. Nell wraps her arms tightly about herself and try's to op door.  It's locked.  Her BREATH FOGS THE AIR.  She doesn' it.  But then she suddenly GAGS.  With a look of horror s from the door, choking, covering her face. Then Theo smells it.  The women are both sick from the sm THEO (cont'd) Oh my God, what is it?  Oh, the  smell... ohhh.
83) 5) dialog: (looks to Nell for  an answer) Is it over?
83) 9) text: Theo blanches, looks at Nell.  She smells it too, and in image fashion backs away from the doors also.  Marrow not exchange, and watches them, intense.  And then, in a hear moment is over.
85) 0) text: Luke, Nell and Marrow mount the stairs, climb up and up. Theo in the mezzanine staring at the wall at the painting turns and looks at Nell strangely. Nell, confused, turns around.  On the wall and the painti stains.  Black.  Blue.  Runny.  Almost like something lea the roof has run down. Nell steps back.  The stains are the letters N and O.  Pu farther: the rest of the word ELEANOR.
86) 5) text: Luke shakes his head.  Theo starts getting pissed.  Marro there, arms folded, observing.
86) 7) dialog: You could have.
86) 9) dialog: No.
86) 11) dialog: Maybe you did it yourself.
86) 13) dialog: I don't know.  You've been alone  for a long time, maybe you want  attention. (pointing to  Marrow) Maybe he did it...
95) 1) dialog: That's so sad.
95) 3) dialog: Before he painted your name over  Mister Crain.
95) 4) text: Theo hands her the bottle.  Nell takes it, tops off her g spilling.  Her face is red.  She grimaces as she tosses b swallow.
95) 6) text: Theo takes another swig.  She holds bottles of nail polis to Nell's bare feet, testing the colors.
95) 7) dialog: Well, it wasn't me.  Mister Dudley  had to clean it and he knows that  he's in charge of all the messes  so why would he make more work for  himself and... (beat) You said the Good Doctor was with  you.
95) 9) dialog: Just think about one thing right  now: What color?
95) 12) dialog: Well?
95) 14) text: Theo smiles and takes Nell's foot gently in her hand.  Sh paint her toenails. THEO (cont'd) See, isn't this better than a hit  on the head?
95) 15) text: Nell looks down her long legs at Theo.
95) 17) dialog: Me too.  Although I learned one  thing about you, that you don't  know about yourself.  You can be a  pretty decent bitch.
95) 20) dialog: I have a loft.
95) 23) text: Theo looks up, understands what she's asking.
95) 24) dialog: You want to move to New York, you  want to move in with me?
95) 26) text: Nell lies back, arms spread, lets the glass roll out of h Theo paints Nell's toenails one by one, carefully guiding strokes in along the skin.  Nell, unused to this, gives i pleasure, and Theo sees how easy it is to move Nell.
95) 27) dialog: My place isn't like yours, Nell,  it doesn't have a view of sea.  It  doesn't have a view of anything.   What's interesting about the way I  live is what goes on inside the  walls.  Living with me... My  boundaries aren't very well  defined, Nell.  Do you know what I  mean?
95) 29) text: Theo looks up at her, unreadable.
95) 30) dialog: All the time.
95) 31) text: Nell lets out a sigh.  Gently Theo's hand moves down the Nell's foot.  Caressing.  Nell lets her. Theo finishes Nell's last little toe, and then with the b paint, runs it gently up the inside of Nell's calf.  Nell Theo lowers her face near Nell's toes, licks her lips: so red.  She blows. Nell raises herself up, peers down at Theo.  Sees the wan face.  A long beat. Nell breaks the gaze, looks away.  Theo reads Nell's look releases her foot.  She sits back in the chair.  For a mo doesn't know what to do. NELL (cont'd) I better go to bed.
95) 32) dialog: Are you sure?
95) 34) dialog: Okay.
99) 0) text: Nell, her breathing heavy, lies tangled in her heavy blan asleep, but restless.  Her feet hang off the end of the b In the b.g., the door to the bathroom is shut, barely vis faint light from the window.  HOLD on it. Silently, it begins to OPEN.  The gap WIDENS, yawning, pi beyond.  A long beat.  And then a THUMP.  A SLIDING SOUND Something drags itself across the floor. BUMP.  SLIDE.  Our line of sight is blocked by the bed. sound is getting louder, coming closer. Bump.  Slide.  Nell grinds her teeth in her sleep, pulls blankets about her tighter.  Bump.  The sound stops.  And BEGINS TO FOG. Whatever has just come in the room is right there, hoveri We can feel it. Without warning Nell BOLTS upright, GASPING into consciou REVEAL: nothing.  Just the dark room.  And the bathroom d Nell stares at the-door, knows she shut it.  Now it's ope breaths fast, feeling the cold, knowing something's in he her. She stops breathing, strains her ears.  Silence.  A long Then she notices her feet, hanging out from under the cov They are black.  Feel slick.  Nell turns on the light by looks down. HER FEET ARE COVERED IN GORE.  Where Theo had been painti SCREAMS.
100) 1) dialog: Nell?  Nell!
100) 4) text: The door to Theo's bedroom is shut.  The handle rattles, it won't open.  It's LOCKED.
100) 5) dialog: Nell, what's wrong?  What's wrong?
100) 6) text: The blood or whatever it is on Nell's feet comes off, is the drain. THEO (OC) (cont'd) Nell, it's locked, let me in!
100) 7) text: Nell, squatting in the tub, sobs as her feet come clean, are NO WOUNDS.  Theo rattles the door.
100) 8) dialog: Nell, the door is locked.  Open  it.
100) 9) text: Nell rises, steps out of the tub, and looking like she co moves for Theo's door. She grabs the handle but realizes what Theo has been tryi her all along: it's LOCKED.  Perplexed, Nell finds the ke hole, and turns it. The door rams open, Theo behind it, terrified and clearly awoken. THEO (cont'd) Nell...
100) 10) text: Nell stares at her, hair tangled, tear-stained, doubtful. splashes in the tub, faucets still running. The LIGHTS flicker as one in the connecting rooms.  Theo look up at the bulb in the bathroom, and they all GO OUT. swallows them up.  Stray moonlight reflecting in the mirr silhouettes them standing there. THEO (cont'd) Nell, the tub!
101) 0) text: -- Theo's room.  Theo's form moves by her bed, and with a cigarette lighter lights up.  Theo holds it above her hea orange flame glistening off polished wood in the shadows. steps toward her. Drip.  Drip.  From the bathroom.  Theo's eyes widen?
101) 1) dialog: Oh, God, your breath...
101) 2) text: And sweeping over them a SHOCK OF COLD.  Their breath. Nell shakes her head: don't say anything.  Nell turns aro darkness almost impenetrable.  SHAPES, alien, threatening very edge of light -- anyone could be some... thing.  Dri THEO (cont'd) It's here.
101) 3) text: Nell looks down at Theo's bed, then at Theo who moves clo Nell.  Nell gives the bed a wide berth.  Together they ba the wall with the fireplace. They stare out at us, eyes trying to adjust, afraid.  Beh looms the fireplace and in front of it, a metal cage-like screen.  A beat. BAM!  SOMETHING LUNGES out of the fireplace but is caught screen, hitting Nell and Theo in the back. Theo's lighter goes flying in that very instant, and we n what's hit the screen.  Neither do they.  Theo falls SCRE Nell manages to whirl, embrace the cage and slam it with inside back into the fireplace.  The screen JOLTS hard en lift Nell.
101) 5) text: Theo still SCREAMING, lying on her back before the firepl her feet against it.  The screen HAMMERS at Nell and Theo can't run or it'll get out. Theo's screaming is suddenly drowned out by a HORRIFYING, SOUND from inside the fireplace. Theo's scream goes dead in breath-stealing horror.  Nell NELL (cont'd) No!  Go AWAY!
102) 0) text: Nell stares at the tableaux of Hugh Crain.  In the mornin seems inert, cold, just a statue.  Luke and Theo enter. doesn't seem to notice them until they're beside her.
102) 1) dialog: Marrow said the same thing as last  night, he says -- (meaning, this is on his now doubtful word) -- that he checked with Mrs.  Dudley.  And he says that she told  him that all the fireplaces in the  West Wing connect to the main  chimney.  He says that he thinks  that the flue was open, and with  the windstorm, he says that what  probably happened was some kind of  freak air current --
102) 3) text: Theo considers, then looks at her, severe.
102) 6) dialog: (get back on track!) Mister very talky, would you  please say what it is about this  study that bothers you?
102) 10) dialog: Then who is?  Come on, Nell.  Deep  down, if you really thought it  wasn't Jim, why wouldn't you be  leaving right this second?  Why  wouldn't you be afraid?  Really  afraid.
102) 12) text: Theo is chilled by this answer which would only make sens someone out of her mind. Nell looks up and sees the double staircase at the end of greenhouse... the one where Crain's wife killed herself. And for a moment we see Crain's wife hanging there and th image is gone...
112) 0) text: Nell bursts into the picture gallery and stops.  Standing Marrow, Theo and Luke, stricken silent by her entry.  Loo on their faces.  Nell just stands there.  A beat.  And th out of her, hysterical. NELL (cont'd) He hunted all those children in  here.  The dead children, Josiah  and Elizabeth and all of them...  from the books... he took them up  here... he played games... the  ones from his mills he burned them  up in the fireplace but she found  out what he did and she killed him --
112) 4) dialog: It's okay... we're all here...
112) 5) text: Luke races out.  Theo, scared, looks at Marrow. THEO (cont'd) What's happening to her?
112) 7) text: He starts to lift her.  Theo takes her other side.
112) 9) text: Nell is ugly, sprawling, in shock, as Theo and Marrow shu a padded bench on one side of the room.
112) 10) dialog: Nell, what happened?
112) 16) text: Luke rushes in with a blanket.  Theo covers Nell and then gently. MARROW (cont'd) Look at me, Nell.  Look at me!
112) 19) text: Theo pulls back, goes very still.  The first hint of fear eyes.
112) 20) dialog: No.
112) 23) text: The command derails Theo's train of thought.  Marrow star in pity, can't bear it, and has to look away.  Finally he to her, full of regret.
112) 26) text: Theo glances at Luke: he's been right all along.  This wa about perception.
112) 33) dialog: How could you do this to people?
112) 36) dialog: Nell, it makes sense.  It all  makes sense.  You and I, we were  scaring each other, working each  other up.
112) 46) text: Theo pushes them back and grabs Nell's hand, gently brush face.
112) 47) dialog: Aw, shhh Nell, shhh.
112) 48) text: Theo turns up to Marrow, intense, furious with him. Nell's hysterics have stopped.  She stares up at him, los Searching inside herself.  Maybe she is crazy...
112) 50) text: Marrow reaches down to Nell, but she shrinks away.  Theo Marrow out, shielding Nell.  Marrow pauses, disgusted wit MARROW (cont'd) I'm sorry, Nell.  I'm really,  really sorry I did this to you.
113) 2) text: Theo spreads an extra blanket over Nell.
113) 3) dialog: I'm going to stay with you until  you fall asleep.  And then I'm  going to get some brandy.
113) 5) dialog: I do.
113) 6) text: Theo spots a small candelabra with strings of crystal bea bedside table.  She lights the two candles. Theo goes and turns out the light.  Nell lies there watch flicker of the candles play in the crystal.  Eddies of he up the frost-covered glass of the window behind the cande Small streaks of frost begin to melt... We see eyes formi melting frost, a face begins to form... Theo watches Nell.  There can be a TIME DISSOLVE.  Nell f asleep.  Theo tiptoes out of the room.
114) 8) text: Theo comes in, she heard what they were talking about.
114) 9) dialog: I... I was playing games with  her... Big city games... I was  bad.  And you, Doctor Morrow, you  broke her heart.
114) 12) dialog: Yes.  But I promised I wouldn't  let her alone the whole night.
116) 0) text: Luke stops Theo, carrying a tray of food and tea, outside kitchen door.
116) 1) dialog: We're fucked.  We're in a haunted  house and we can't get out until  the morning.
116) 3) dialog: That depends on your definition of  ghosts.  I'm going to check on  her, and then I'm going to stay  awake.
116) 5) dialog: Yeah.
116) 7) dialog: Maybe someday.
117) 3) text: And then the babbling stops.  Nell grimaces in pain.  She look at Theo, but it's far too DARK right there beside he NELL (cont'd) Theo, my hand.  You're hurting me.
117) 5) text: The EYE focusses on her.  Dead on her.  Nell stops.  And violence, she's WRENCHED out of the bed by whatever's bes Nell hits the floor with a scream.  She grabs at the tabl side of the bed, pulling a lamp down on her, yanking at i The room FLASHES into brilliance.  Nell stands up, pantin is nothing in the room.  No Theo.  She looks at her hand. The eye on the wall is gone. NELL (cont'd) Oh, God.  Who was holding my hand?
119) 0) text: -- Theo's room, which is empty.  Now it seems like it's c the door to the hall, is right there.  Nell races after i
121) 0) text: Theo carrying a pot of tea and some cups enters quietly j Nell is asleep.  She stops in surprise.  The window is sm on the floor.  Nell is gone.
121) 1) dialog: Nell?
122) 0) text: A panicked Theo runs out of Nell's room into the hallway.
122) 1) dialog: Luke... Jim...!
127) 15) text: The sudden shift is too much for the old stairs.  The sup CREASE and then the whole enormous column of steel from w is standing to the ground BURSTS from its supports. Luke shoves Theo aside, and the bottom half of the stairs out in a massive, deafening COLLAPSE.  Marrow's cellular out of his pocket and shatters in hundred pieces across t The top half of the stairs remains, still hanging from th Nell grips the railing at the top. Marrow hangs there by one hand over the razor tangle of s He flails out for the other stairway, swings himself over takes a moment for him to realize he almost just died.  A paralysis.  This is no longer an experiment.  No longer f games.
127) 17) text: There she is.  Marrow forces himself to start climbing th stairs.  Luke and Theo watch from below, tense. Then he's there.  Nell stands a mere arm's length from hi other side of the railing. MARROW (cont'd) Come on, Nell.  You have to climb  over and step back on the stairs.
127) 19) text: Theo, on the ground, calls up to Nell.
127) 20) dialog: Nell, go with him!  Just go with  him.
128) 0) text: Marrow and Theo stand in the doorway to the shared bathro Luke finish taping a trash bag over Nell's broken window. in her bed, asleep or unconscious, it's impossible to say finishes, comes over.  Marrow is hushed, grim, exhausted.
128) 1) dialog: She needs help.
128) 4) dialog: (indignant) Will the two of you shut up!  God  damn it!  Maybe the tests were  right, Marrow.  She's sensitive,  she's vulnerable, but I don't  think she's suicidal and I didn't  have to test her.  Maybe she  wasn't trying to kill herself.   Maybe she was really scared.   Maybe she really heard voices.
128) 5) text: Marrow looks away, doesn't want to say this.  Theo reads feelings on his face.
128) 8) dialog: He's wandering around the house,  and Nell heard him.  She thought  it was ghosts.  Let's go look for  him again.
129) 0) text: Luke sits on the closed toilet and watches Nell in the ad room.  Light from the bathroom falls across her fetal, cu in the bed. The door to Theo's room is open too.  Luke glances over. on her bed.  Marrow is slouched in a chair. Luke settles back against the wall. The HOUSE EXHALES, and the breath of the house is like th field in the Wizard of OZ; it brings on sleep.
136) 0) text: Marrow lunges into the bathroom, thrown from sleep as Luk impotent shock.  Theo is there behind Marrow an instant l
137) 0) text: -- and stumble into Nell's room.  Marrow's mouth opens. speechless.  They're stricken by the sight: Nell SCREAMIN the headboard as the deformed ceiling dips over her, the THRUSTING at her rhythmically.  Nell and Theo make EYE CO
137) 1) dialog: Oh, Jesus.
137) 2) text: Marrow recovers, reaches out for Nell, and the FACE in th turns on him.  The GAZE stops Marrow in his tracks.  He l into it and knows it's real.  Somehow, it is Crain. Luke appears from out of nowhere on the other side of the SMASHES off one of the wooden hands with a large brass ca Nell screams in surprise, but Theo drags her out of the b The head turns to them.  They flee.  Marrow backs away in fear.
138) 0) text: Luke and Theo drag Nell down the stairs into the Great Ha brings up the rear.  They retreat for the entry as Luke p jacket over Nell's shoulders.  Marrow stops, looks back u stairs.
138) 2) text: All there is are the sounds of Nell, Luke and Theo making hall to the entry.  The House is silent.
138) 4) text: Luke goes out.  But Nell pauses, stopping Theo with her. The House is quiet.  Marrow's hand still outstretched.  N around the room.  There are heads everywhere, faces: anim humans, gods, all staring from the woodwork, the carpets All turning to her. Theo looks around, but can't see what Nell is seeing.  Ne comes faster, disoriented, yet aware...
138) 6) dialog: (to Marrow) Come on!  Why are we waiting?
138) 7) text: Even now, Marrow can't believe what he just saw, but Theo brings him back.  He whirls, grabs onto Nell, helps Theo out.
139) 1) dialog: Oh my God we need to call someone?
140) 0) text: Nell sits in the passenger seat of her car, wrapped in he She stares out at the gate, at Luke and Theo consulting. appears in the window.
140) 10) text: Hill House looms behind her, windows forming eyes, the ca gaping mouth. Nell's dismay becomes a cold, terrifying understanding, a turns and stares back up at the House. Luke comes up with Theo on the other side of the car.
140) 11) dialog: Nell --
141) 0) text: Theo pulls Nell away from the drive.  Marrow stands back car where Luke belts in behind the wheel. Luke eases the car forward to the gate.  He advances unti bumper makes contact.  And then without further ado, REVS engine. The Buick grinds into the heavy steel bars.  The chain ti around the two halves of the gate, but shows not the slig strain.
143) 0) text: The car fishes back and forth against the gate, hurling a gravel on the other cars off to the side of the road.  Ma and Theo move back. One of the Buick's headlights breaks.  The grill mashes i long moment the car struggles against the Gate.  No good. eases up. Theo looks at Marrow.  Luke puts the car in reverse.
147) 0) text: Luke gasps for the seat belt, the wind knocked out of him column pushed to his chest.  Marrow and Theo run up outsi sees him, sees he's not getting any closer than ten feet, looking back at the gas tank. Luke gets the seatbelt off, tries to open the door but it shut.  He struggles to get out from behind the wheel.  Sp from the battery.  Gas shoots out of the fuel pump onto t shattered window.  He knows he's in trouble.
147) 1) dialog: Hurry.  The gas!  Luke... The gas!
148) 3) text: He turns around.  The others do too. No Nell.  Luke and Theo look up.  Mute dread.  No Nell an
149) 0) text: The massive black door swings silently into the dark, vau Marrow pauses there, looks about, and then enters.  He ho iron. Luke does too.  He and Theo follow Marrow in.
149) 1) dialog: I'm sure she went back to her  room.
151) 0) text: Marrow, Luke and Theo pause at the top of the stairs and both long, empty directions of the hallway. Then Marrow turns toward Nell and Theo's room.  The brass candelabra... in front of the open door. The rooms draw nearer, closer.  Not even the sound of the breathing. The door is ajar.  Marrow pushes it open with the tire ir room lies in silent disarray.  Normal disarray.  The bed The ceiling normal.  No Nell. Marrow and Theo REACT and enter the room.  Luke lingers o hall a moment.  And just as he steps in after them we HOL long, empty hall -- -- and a FIGURE glides across.  Far down at the other end disappears.  It was Nell.
154) 0) text: Marrow comes out of the bathroom, joining Theo by the win her bed.  Luke stands in the doorway.
154) 1) dialog: Was sure she'd be in here.
155) 0) text: Marrow, Luke and Theo enter the greenhouse, the heavy gro forbidding in the darkness.  They spread out on the paral walkways.
155) 1) dialog: Nell?
157) 0) text: Marrow, Theo and Luke barge into the Great Hall.
157) 1) dialog: Nell!
157) 3) text: Marrow and Theo look at him.  It's what they've been thin haven't had the courage to say.  Theo stops suddenly.  Tu The men notice, and pause. Then they hear it.  Faint.  Floating down from upstairs s Nell's TUNE.  It doesn't sound right, but it's hard to te coming from so far away. They look at each other, start for the stairs.
158) 0) text: Theo, Marrow and Luke stand at the end of the dark hallwa stare at the gaping doors to the nursery at the far end. is coming from within.  Abruptly, it stops. And instead of Nell's tune, there's a repetitive CREAK. CREAK. In rising dread, Theo starts forward. It takes Marrow and Luke a moment to come after her.  The gets louder, unnerving. They get to the doors, Theo first.  She pushes them wide.
159) 1) dialog: Nell?
159) 4) text: Nell straightens from whatever it is she was doing and tu them.  Theo steps toward her, afraid for her.
159) 5) dialog: What'd you come back for, babe?
159) 8) text: Marrow shuts him up with a vicious gesture, stays back hi Theo approaches Nell.
159) 9) dialog: Let's go, hon.  Don't you want to  go back to your little apartment  where you can hear the buoy out in  the harbor when the wind is just  right?
159) 10) text: Nell smiles at Theo.  She's holding something.
159) 12) dialog: Then let's go get you one.
159) 15) text: A CHILL of fear cuts through Theo as Nell looks deep into NELL (cont'd) After all... (beat) I'm family.
159) 20) text: And that, finally, galvanizes the others into action.  Ma past Theo, grabs Nell hard, and swings her for the door.
159) 23) dialog: Please, Nell, just see us out.
160) 0) text: Down the stairs they come, Luke out in front now, boundin half flight ahead.  Marrow and Theo support Nell between Nell looks up at the hooded painting of Crain, but is spu and taken down the next flight.
161) 0) text: Nell, Marrow and Theo reach the bottom of the stairs and Luke is halfway across the room, looking back to make sur with him -- -- and Nell digs her heels in, jerking Marrow and Theo to She stares.  The others follow her gaze. She's looking down the connecting hall, out to the entry front doors.  They're open.
162) 2) text: He roundhouse kicks it, hurts himself. Theo, afraid, watches the Great Hall behind them.  Nell p hand on her shoulder.
162) 4) text: Theo stares, appalled.  Marrow looks around, puts his han shush everyone.  The HOUSE MOANS, the BUMPING growing, se
163) 0) text: Luke's first barging into the kitchen.  Big windows all a wall.  Huge windows.  Marrow follows him in, Luke's fear into a vicious smile as he sees the towering windows. Nell and Theo are right behind in time to see Luke and Ma scooping up a table and chair respectively.
163) 2) text: The men rush the same window, side-by-side, and let the h of furniture fly from ten feet. The WINDOW SHATTERS, dozens of panes blown out into the d beyond.  But the metal LATTICE remains, the chair's legs it. Marrow and Luke pause, taken back a beat.  They hustle ov Theo and Nell stand a few feet back. Luke grabs the chair, levers it, tries to pry open the me Marrow reaches through, knocking loose glass, trying to f sort of handle on the other side.
163) 3) dialog: Hurry!
163) 4) text: Theo watches the door behind them.  Luke pries at the inc between him and freedom.  It won't break.
163) 7) text: Nell and Theo fall to the floor to help him.  Marrow moan grips his injured hand in hers.  Fast, like she was born doctor, Nell clamps off the blood with her fingers.
163) 14) text: As he looks up at another one of Crain's painting hanging wall.  Nell Theo with Marrow straggle toward the great ha
164) 4) text: Before anyone can stop him, he LIGHTS a towering TAPESTRY He races from one to the next, lighting them.  Theo and N Marrow up, back away as Luke shoots by. All the tapestries are ON FIRE, blazing up like torches. At last, his rage spent, heaving, he moves to join the ot center of the room.  They stare at him, appalled, afraid. he has done something wrong. Luke stops.  Maybe fifteen feet away.  He sees their expr
165) 2) text: She knows what is going to happen, is powerless to preven stands up, has time to give her a look. And then the LION'S HEAD FLUE drops open behind him.  Luk back into its iron eyes -- -- and with SHOCKING SPEED the FLUE snaps shut again, tak head off his body. The decapitated corpse falls back in the fireplace like a with its strings cut. Nell, Marrow and Theo stand there.  Not sure of what just their minds unable to accept it. A sound comes up in Theo's throat.  A sob.  A horrified w Marrow and Nell stand there speechless.  It's as if sayin obvious will make it real:
165) 4) text: BANG.  The blood-splattered LION'S HEAD drops open.  Luke falls out. Theo SCREAMS and SCREAMS again.  Nell backs away with Mar has the presence of mind to drag them away, but -- -- CLANG!  The ASH DROP OPENS.  The sudden sound stops th tracks. As they watch, it's as if the House INHALES.  And BOOM! Out of the ash drop EXPLODES a hail of BONES, SKULLS, FLY Nell, Theo and Marrow back up toward the Grand Staircase INCINERATED HUMAN REMAINS vomit from the fireplace, blast the floor, knocking over furniture with shocking violence bounce over wood.  Hundreds of them. Theo and Marrow cover their faces as shattered bits of bo teeth pelt them.  Nell is immune. They run up the Grand Staircase toward the top and finall reach them anymore.
166) 1) dialog: Oh God, we can't get out!
166) 8) text: Behind them the huge painting of Hugh Crain in a golden f sharp metal spikes, looks down at them.  The room inhales exhales, the bumping sound resumes.  A rumble runs throug and they all look down in fear toward the great hall wher of ashes still hangs in the air. Unseen by them, this rumble start to shake the painting b The sound from the great hall makes Marrow and Theo back but Nell doesn't move... she senses something is about to she will fight it... She suddenly turns and sees the painting... in a flash sh out for Marrow and Theo, pull them out of the way as the painting with the huge skull, falls face down toward them misses them by a hair, but their clothes are shredded by Marrow and Theo are-shocked as they back up right toward on top of the staircase. For a split second the BRASS Griffin right behind them, c opens it's fangs and claws and is ready to attack... but the danger, grabs a human bone and batters the griffin. NELL (cont'd) No, no, you leave them alone!
166) 9) text: And the griffin turns back into brass.  Marrow and Theo u what happened behind them.  They have to get out of there
167) 0) text: Nell leads Marrow and Theo down the dark hallway, the twi woodwork along the walls frozen, but seeming poised to re trip someone, grab a sleeve. It is a nightmare House.  Doing what it was made for. The BUMPING they've left behind seems to vanish up and in ceiling.  It gives chase, on the floor above.  Nell keeps back, and every time she does the BUMPING seems to get mo MORE LIKE A FOOTSTEP.  Calm, Nell urges them on.
167) 2) text: The FOOTSTEPS upstairs come faster; whatever's up there m better, more naturally. Theo and Marrow turn LEFT through an archway.  Nell looks the ceiling.  The thing's moving fast. She dodges toward the archway where Theo and Marrow went, It's a wall.  Solid wall.  There's no archway here!  Nell away.  Alone. The House has separated them. Nell tries to open any of the hall doors, but they are al There's no other way then going back.
169) 0) text: CLOSE ON THE BRASS GRIFFINS that guard the staircase. Behind Nell's back they all turn toward her, follow her w eyes as Nell enters the great hall.  And they cower in fe is about to happen.  Again Nell call's out for Theo and M And Nell doesn't see the scores of TINY ARMS OF CHILDREN out from the carvings in the high backed chairs in the ha carefully avoids stepping on the skulls and bones of the that cover the floor. Horrifyingly alive are these TINY HANDS as reach out for after she passes.  We're screaming as they almost have he Nell steps away. And then... CREAK... CREAK... CREAK... The terrified animal heads on the balustrade, their eyes fear.  The lions above the big fireplace snarl restlessly Cherubim, afraid, clasp hands.  Gods and men pay unwillin to what is now coming down the stairs. The upper flight of stairs strains under the weight of th coming down, over our heads, coming down, down... and now landing.  The sound stops. Nell's BREATH escapes, visible in the cold as she watches the floor in the Grand Entry. Darkness against darkness.  Something BLOCKS the glint of frame up on the landing.  Something huge.  A beat. And then a SHADOW sweeps across the scene, impenetrable, the stairs, wiping them from sight, like something glidin them. Before our eyes, out of the most subtle variation of shad flickers into existence: THE SHAPE, tall, eight or nine feet, featureless, black, proportions of an enormous man with his head bowed, shoul stooped.  And just like that, all it is... ...is a well of darkness and night once again.  We don't for sure what we just saw.  But it is still there in that shadow. Nell goes rigid, not breathing, not seeing anything but t presence.  She is spellbound. BANG.  A door in the connecting passage opens, and Theo a come out, between Nell in the entry and the thing in the beyond. In a flash the SHAPE is moving at Theo and Marrow.  They it, have their backs turned.
169) 1) dialog: Nell!  There you --
169) 4) text: What is coming at them makes the blood stop. The Shape rushes from the Great Hall, vanishing as it cro pools of moonlight, reforming darker as it hits shadow ag wake like a shockwave, invisible itself, but VISIBLE IN I Theo SCREAMS.  Marrow stumbles back.  And then Nell's voi out: NELL (cont'd) Is this where she bashed your  brains in?
169) 9) text: The SHAPE HOWLS FORWARD, knocking everyone out of their s flies across the floor at Nell. Marrow and Theo are slammed against the walls out of its Nell OPENS WIDE HER ARMS in an EMBRACE. It's ON HER, but just as it seems to hit, it SPLITS like right through it.  The SHAPE and all the debris in its wa deep in the enormous doors. The carved WOODWORK seems to suck it all in, cracking, gr And then all the SCREAMS are cut off. Nell stands there with her arms spread.  A long moment. She opens her eyes. And then the woodwork LASHES OUT, grabs her from behind, back against the doors.  THE BLOW HAS KILLED HER. We feel her bones break as she crumples, is drawn into th And for a few seconds Nell's body just hangs there... and gently falls down. Theo lets out a horrified cry as she runs toward Nell.
169) 10) dialog: NELL!
169) 11) text: Marrow gets up off the floor in terror and awe, his life beliefs changed forever.  He walks over to Nell and feels knowing it is a useless gesture as Theo softly moans over And as the camera pans up across the entry door, we see a carving in the sculpted doors.  It is a woman and as we m can see that she wears the same necklace as Nell...
172) 0) text: Theo and Marrow stand on the far side of Nell's wrecked c other side of the gate Mr. Dudley is undoing the chain. stares at the ragged duo.
172) 2) text: Mr. Dudley can barely get one side of the gate open with crushed in it.  Theo and Marrow emerge, dazed, into the r again.
172) 5) dialog: I'm not going back to New York  City.  I'm going to find an  apartment with a little flower  garden, where you can just see the  ocean and at night, when the wind  comes in just right, you can hear  the sound of the harbor.  What  about you?
172) 7) dialog: But the experiment was a failure.
174) 0) text: Theo and Marrow stand on the far side of Nell's wrecked c other side of the gate Mr. Dudley is undoing the chain. stares at the ragged duo.
174) 2) text: Mr. Dudley can barely get one side of the gate open with crushed in it.  Theo and Marrow emerge, dazed, into the r again.
176) 0) text: Where we find Theo.  The House is beautiful today, it's s are flowers outside, the mood has changed.  Theo is now s she's found something better than what she had.  She goes house.
177) 0) text: Theo is in the House.  She looks around, walks up the sta
177) 1) dialog: Nell?... Nell?