15) 0) text: Nell is pumping gas at a country station.  She is alone a pump.  As she finishes, she hears a BABY CRYING.  She loo She is immediately drawn by the sound. She moves to a car at another pump.  The car is empty.  T are rolled up.  She peers into the car, through the windo sees a toddler in a car seat.  The child is crying.  Nell around, no one is there.  She makes faces at the baby, co
48) 11) text: TODD comes in.
48) 12) dialog: Hi.  I'm Todd Aubochon.
48) 14) dialog: (playing) Greetings fellow sheep counter.
49) 1) dialog: These old Victorian houses are  great, aren't they?
49) 6) dialog: So what's this study all about  anyway?  Mary described the kind  of tests we'll be doing, but  didn't fill us in on the big  picture.  She said you needed bad  sleepers, but this wasn't about  curing the problem.
50) 2) dialog: What?
51) 0) text: The HARP sings out, lively, expertly played by Mary.  The Todd and Nell are impressed with her skill.
51) 7) text: That was a little abrupt, she feels it.  Everybody finds spot on the sofa.  Mary remains on the stool by the harp. sits in a large winged-back chair. MARROW (cont'd) All right?  So, to answer your  earlier question, Todd, why are we  here?  What do we all need in  life, what are the basics?  We  need food, we need water, we need  sleep.  Sleep.  All of you resist  it?  Why?  What does that mean?   Why do we resist sleep?  My field  of study is the individual's  psychology of emotion and  performance.
51) 14) text: The others shuffle through papers, Nell and Todd intent o Theo interested but not overly so, Luke, bored.
51) 28) dialog: Oh Jesus.
51) 29) text: Marrow and Theo rush over to her as she shrieks in pain. Todd is frozen, pale, like he's about to be sick.  Nell t OTHER WAY, but not because she's scared -- she's searchin shot glass on a side table. Marrow wraps Mary in his arms.  Her shrieking becomes a t but quieter wail.
52) 0) text: Marrow slams the door on the passenger side of Todd's car sits there, moaning, glass covering her eye, blood spilli around the edges.  Luke is on her side of the car.
52) 2) text: Todd opens his door.  Marrow hands him a key.
52) 4) text: Todd takes it, jumps in.  The two men watch the car drive