26) 0) text: John and Jeremy are bored like crazy. The Priest, FATHER O'NEIL, a grandfatherly sort, continues the service.
26) 1) dialog: Now, for our next reading, I'd like to invite the bride's sister, Gloria, up to the lectern,
27) 4) dialog: (continuing) Speaking on behalf of all of us, I think I can say confidently that this marriage will be (thinks this is clever) smooth sailing all the way. Now, the bride and the groom have elected to say vows that they themselves have written. The RING BEARER hands the Priest the pillow that carries rings. The Priest hands a ring to the groom who places it the bride's finger. oe
27) 16) dialog: By the power vested in me the Roman Catholic Church and by the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, I now proncunce you Husband and Wife. {to the Groom} You may now... : (a little reluctantly) ...kiss the first mate. Claire explodes in laughter which is drowned out by the guests' applause as the Bride and Groom walk down the ais The groomsmen and bridesmaids file out after them. John studies Claire the whole way down the aisle. He's enthral Jeremy winks at Gloria who blushes.
49) 12) dialog: Heavenly Father... Everyone bows their heads. John quickiy squirts the visi into Sack’s wine.
49) 13) dialog: (continuing) We thank you for the bounty on this table and ask you bless our family and friends here assembled. In the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit. Amen. They all make the sign of the cross. Jeremy, preoccupied, doesn't until John nudges him. Randolph walks over with a platter and sets it on the table.
82) 6) dialog: Well, hello there.
82) 12) dialog: C'mon, Son. What’s on your mind? Jeremy looks out the kitchen windew and sighs deeply. He' the. end of his rope. 87.
82) 14) dialog: All yvight, Son. I can hear your confession.
82) 16) dialog: Huh? . .
85) 2) dialog: Meet girls?
85) 6) dialog: And your friend? With Claire?
85) 8) dialog: Okay, okay. I get it.
86) 11) dialog: I'm sorry. God doesn't pay the bills. 91.