1) 0) text: The service is in full swing. The Rabbi is chanting. John glances at a pretty young woman sitting down the aisle fr him. She's choked up. She looks at John and smiles. John takes out a handkerchief and dabs a fake tear from his ey The woman takes a breath, she's smitten. It takes a real to cry at a wedding. CLOSE ON: John's hand. He's conceali a small tube of "Bausch and Laumb Hypo Tears." Jeremy makes eye contact with another woman. She returns eye contact. Jeremy smiles and turns away. She's not the He looks to his left and catches the gaze of a young blon woman. She briefly returns his glance and half-smiles. Je smiles. She's the one.
3) 0) text: The reception is in full swing. As a sort of hip Klezmer plays, we see John and Jeremy practicing the fine art of wedding crashing: John does a-magic trick for some kids, Jeremy dances with the bride's mother. She's blushing. John slaps some old guy on the back as John shares with h a disingenuous laugh. Jeremy raises his glass to toast the happy couple. John raises his glass to toast the happy couple. Jeremy does magic tricks for the kids. John dances with the pride's mother. Jeremy dances with the second woman he made eye contact w John dances slowly with the woman who saw him cry. Jeremy, in a secluded alcove, is about to kiss the woman was dancing with. John, in a secluded alcove, is-about to kiss the woman he dancing with. .
9) 0) text: > ceremy is dancing with an INDIAN WOMAN. Ceremy is weari traditional bindi (dot) on his forehead.
9) 1) dialog: Wow. The Peace Corps.
23) 0) text: John and Jeremy enter to find a beautiful old church. Joh notices an attractive WOMAN IN A BLUE DRESS taiking to a friend. They're pointing to various seats trying to make decision.
30) 5) dialog: Shlomo?! I thought you were renouncing your possessions and moving to Nepal. Jeremy looks at her, feigning confusion.
30) 6) dialog: (continuing) Shlomo? Don't you remember me?
30) 8) dialog: Oh, you poor dear. Jeremy looks at her and does fake sign language to John,
30) 10) dialog: Yes, but I have to leave. I've got a flight to Madrid. Out of her sight, Jeremy mouths "Thank God" to John.
30) 11) dialog: (continuing) But I could hang out for a few minutes. (stroking Jeremy's arm) On, poor Shiomo. Jeremy does more fake sign language.
30) 13) text: He wants me to take him to the bathroom. (off more fake sign language) And he wants some crab cakes. {to Jeremy, signing) Okay, we'll go to the bathroom first then we'll get the crab cakes. Jeremy signs angrily. The woman
30) 15) dialog: {handing John a card) Here's my number if there's anything I can do to help. walks away. Jeremy grabs the card.
39) 0) text: The BEST MAN finishing up his toast. 38. ” BEST MAN But I think Bruce Springsteen said it -best when he-said, "Someday baby, I don't know when, we're gonna find that place where we walk in the sun.” And I just want to say how happy I am that my best friend and the woman he loves have found that place. It's truly inspiring to us ail. An audible "aww" comes from the guests. They clink their glasses. John, standing in the back of room makes eye con with Claire. John makes the gag sign. Claire stands up.
49) 0) text: An opulent dinner for fifteen is in the process of being served, Cleary is at the head of tne table. His mother GRANDMA MARY, a woman who looks nearly 100, sits next to The rest of the family, Sack, and the other guests fill o the table. Randolph, the Jamaican butler, stands nearby. John and Jeremy enter the alcove just outside the dining room. John locks at Sack. He's holding court. John's nauseated.