0) 28) dialog: We're floor mats, anyone can sue us!
0) 30) dialog: Yes
0) 32) dialog: Yes
0) 96) dialog: So go live on the street, there's plenty of room! Zain’s little sister is loudly crying. Her foot is chai
0) 136) dialog: What do you want to go to school for? Forget it. Keep wor at Assaad's.
0) 138) dialog: And what do we tell Assad?
0) 141) dialog: Shut up!
0) 143) dialog: God willing, we'll see on Monday.
0) 145) dialog: Want me to swear on the bread? I said ok. What if Assaad upset and kicks us out?
1) 54) dialog: Damn you all! He grabs Sahar and carries her on his back.
1) 56) dialog: Enough! Enough of this hell! 69. EXT.DAY- IN FRONT OF ZAIN’S BUILDING 69. Selim grabs his daughter and gets on his moped. Souad put her belongings behind him while he gets ready to leave. K are crying.
1) 57) dialog: Put her on! One more word and I'll cut your tongue out! Zain tries to stop the moped, while his mother is hitting
2) 1) dialog: To get her out of her misery. She's dead with us, your Ho She barely has a bed to sleep in. She hardly eats or drin barely showers... Never watches TV. I thought, "Marry her At least she'll have a bed." A real bed. With a blanket.
2) 3) dialog: No, never! I never meant for this to happen. Think I'm ha my son stabbed someone? Ever think that maybe all this is our fault? I was born and raised this way. Why blame me? had the choice, I'd be a better man than all of you!
2) 5) dialog: If you please... When I walk outside, I'll be covered wit People think I'm an animal. I never intended any of this. told: "Without children, you're not a man." "Your childre be your backbone." But they broke my back, broke my heart and humiliated me. I curse the day I got married. Why did myself into this? 72. INT.DAY-BUS 72. Shots of the sky and clouds taken from inside. Lost in hi sits in the bus with a sad look in his eyes. The bus stop an old man wearing a fake spider-man costume. The man (Ha a cigarette in his hands and sits by Zain’s side. Zain surprised to see him there. Zain looks at him fora long t
7) 182) dialog: Where the hell have you been?
7) 184) dialog: None of my business? What do you need papers for? Want to become a trash collector?
7) 186) dialog: Who gives a shit about you or me or any of us? Zain angrily throws something on the ground.
7) 187) dialog: Don't play the big man with me, you little shit!
7) 189) dialog: Come take your papers? Come! I've got a lot of papers. (H opens a small box and takes the papers out). Which ones d you want? (Selim sits on a chair). I've got papers that c me to jail. I've got an eviction notice... (Souad is care looking at them) And here's the most important paper of a (Zain, annoyed, walks away) Come back here, you should se this one! (Selim grabs his arm) This one's from a hospita could break any man's heart. We're insects, my friend. Do you get it? We're parasites. You either accept life with papers, or you might as well jump out the window. Got it? the hell out of here before I kill you! (Selim kicks him room)
7) 191) dialog: Tell whoever the hell sent you: "My father never gave a s never got us any papers.” Go back where you came from, animal! Damn you and your mother and whoever brought you to this world.
7) 195) dialog: Get him out of my sight before I tear him to pieces! I cu father's seed!
7) 197) dialog: Little shit!
7) 203) dialog: Sahar is gone, it's over.
7) 208) dialog: I'll bury you alive! Come back, you son of a bitch! I'll with my bare hands! 233. EXT.DAY-STREET 233. Determined Zain runs towards Assad’s market holding the his hand. His father, followed by his mother, is running reaches the market. We see several people, most of them l standing in shock and staring. 234, INT.DAY-POLICE STATION 234. A police officer takes handcuffed Zain inside the office. stains on Zain’s face and hands.