0) 23) dialog: Yes. Souad and Selim stand up and get closer.
0) 27) dialog: I know that my son is serving time in prison, but not why dragging us back here.
0) 34) dialog: Zain did something childish and was put in jail for it.
0) 68) dialog: My son.
0) 70) dialog: Ibrahim E] Hajj.
0) 72) dialog: Yes. 15. EXT.DAY- PRISON COURTYARD 15. We see laundry hanging through the steel bars of several are hanging on a cracked facade of an old building. A man from one of the prison windows. Souad looks up to spot th holding her daughter in a hand and bags in another. Zain smiles at his cousin.
0) 74) dialog: Who's that? Massoud? Howare you?
0) 76) dialog: Isn't my son Ibrahim with you?
0) 79) dialog: Are all your brothers with you?
0) 81) dialog: God bless you. 16. INT.DAY-PRISON SECURITY CHECK 16. The officer empties the bags and carefully checks the clo worried. Another officer is checking whether Zain is hidi illegal. 17. INT.DAY-PRISON PARLOR 17. Souad and Zain pass by a long line of visitors, talking o combined voices create a loud noise in the corridor. Souad lays down her baby girl and smokes a cigarette, whi standing next to her. On the other side of the glass windows where the inmates man holds the telephone and speaks to Souad.
0) 83) dialog: 
0) 85) dialog: Good for you! 18. Chaos fills the hall. The mother is still talking to her hear the conversation anymore. The little girl is playing while Zain, who seems sad, is lost in his thoughts. EXT.DAY-IN FRONT OF ASSAD’S MARKET 18. In the mid-day heat, Zain is struggling to unload heavy g little truck. A young man in his twenties, Assad appears behind him.
0) 92) dialog: Assaad's father, that asshole. Every time he fills the water tank, we drown because of h rotten pipes! That bastard thinks we owe him for letting us live here f Ayoung girl is holding a broom, while two older ones are mother get rid of the water filling up the house. The doo knocks on a door using his head. He is holding the grocer hands.
0) 94) dialog: This isn't a house, it's a pigsty! To hell with you all. Sahar opens the door and helps her brother with the water
0) 95) dialog: Get out of here. You'll all be electrocuted! Out! This house is a curse! In the corner of the room, Selim, Zain’s father is sit his wife is cursing and two of their daughters are sittin and dirty couch.
0) 97) dialog: Zain, why are the vegetables rotten? Did you upset Assaad? Zain stands up and unties his little sister’s foot. He her to another room. She stops crying.
0) 140) dialog: Haven't you seen Zahra's son, Farid? He comes back from school loaded with stuff. We'll get mattresses, clothes f kids...
0) 142) dialog: At least he'll eat there and bring food for his sisters. from the fanciest hotels and weddings. It'll be good for Why are you being so stubborn?
0) 144) dialog: God willing?
0) 146) dialog: Don't worry, he's not gonna get upset. Zain can still go work for Assaad after school. 36. EXT.DAWN-AERIAL VIEW NEIGHBORHOOD 36. Sun is rising, cracked and old buildings are seen. 37. INT.DAY-RESTROOM 37. In the small broken down bathroom Zain, topless, is holdi bucket and washing up. Soap gets in his eyes while washin
1) 7) dialog: Calm down. He's discussing the rent with your father.
1) 9) dialog: Listen to me, wait...
1) 12) dialog: Keep your voice down. I swear on your sisters, | swear to It's nothing, it's all in your head.
1) 14) dialog: She's imitating me for fun. One of his sisters is listening to the conversation from
1) 16) dialog: Listen, don't make me crazy, got it?
1) 18) dialog: I don't want to hear a word. Want them to kick us out? Sh 49. INT.DAY-LIVING ROOM 49. Souad is holding the juice cups and comes inside to serve father. Zain quickly runs and tries to eavesdrop to hear
1) 19) dialog: Welcome, dear neighbors! Abou Assad, please serve yoursel
1) 21) dialog: Here you go, Assaad.
1) 22) dialog: Take your sister and go inside, dear. Sahar carries her little sister and leaves the room. 50. EXT.DAY-BEHIND THE CURTAINS, SLEEPING SPACE 50. Sahar comes in with her little sister. Zain looks at her removes the lipstick off her face with his hand.
1) 38) dialog: If you come back, I'll beat the crap out of you. Zain runs into Souad who is hurrying down the stairs push carrying her girl’s belongings by one hand, and in the one of her toddlers.
1) 41) dialog: It's none of your business.
1) 43) dialog: Mind your own business. Get out of the way! Butt out. Go down! One more move and I'll kill you. I know what you've been hiding. You were about to get us into deep shit. Souad rushes down and hits Zain again. Zain then follows down and holds his sister’s hand. They are fighting on
1) 45) dialog: Fuck off! Get out of my face! Go down! Let go of her!
1) 47) dialog: You little bastard! Open the door, you little shit!
1) 49) dialog: Sahar, come right now! Enough! Stop it, get the hell down
1) 51) dialog: Get downstairs! Downstairs! Get downstairs!
1) 53) dialog: Little bastard. Zain, on the ground, is in pain. He stands up and keeps o his mother from sending her to Assad. Selim shows up and and shouting.
1) 62) dialog: Acting like a man now? I'll show you, you little piece of He runs away so she starts to follow him and shout. She g and throws it at him. 70. EXT.DAY-ON THE STREETS 70. Zain is running on the street enraged, with tears in his
7) 176) dialog: When did you come back?
7) 178) dialog: Where the hell have you been? Where have you been all thi time? Where? Where? Where? Damn you!
7) 180) dialog: Oh! Of course, my sweetheart! Selim, wake up, your son ne his papers! Salim wakes up.
7) 190) dialog: Stop Selim!
7) 193) dialog: Not a word, Selim. Don't say another word!
7) 207) dialog: He's got a knife! 232. INT.DAY- BUILDING STAIRWAY 232. Zain goes down the stairs four steps at a time full of ra following him.
9) 17) dialog: Because she doesn't have any papers.
9) 19) dialog: I live and work like a dog for you to stand here and judg How dare you judge me? Have you ever been in my shoes? Lived my life? You never have, and you never will! Not in worst nightmare. If you did, you'd hang yourself! Imagine having to feed your kids water and sugar because you have nothing else to give them. I'm ready to commit 100 crimes keep my children alive! They're mine, the treasures of my No one has the right to judge me, I am my own judge. They my own flesh and blood. Do you understand? Selim wipes his tears. 240. INT.DAY- DETENTION CENTER HALLWAY 240.
10) 13) dialog: How are you? Do you have a cold? Are you sick?
10) 15) dialog: I brought you some candy to nibble on. Eat them, Zain. Wh you so angry with me? There was nothing I could have done She was my daughter, I lost her too.
10) 17) dialog: When God takes something away from you, He blesses you in return.
10) 19) dialog: I'm pregnant. You're going to have a little brother or si
10) 21) dialog: I hope it's a girl. We'll name her Sahar.
10) 23) dialog: God willing, when you get out, she'll be walking and play