2) 2) dialog: That was a rough one. I hate these little planes. Guys! You're not gonna believe this. The pilot is from the same village as my grandfather in Bolivia - fucking crazy right? Then...he sees the cloud of dust billowing from the crash car. (CONTINUED )
3) 0) text: With Cristobal. One of his goons holds a radio out for Cristobal to listen to.
3) 1) dialog: Soldados? (to bodyguard) Gimme your phone.
5) 0) text: Cristobal holds his cell phone, warmly responds.
5) 1) dialog: Hey, Goran. This is Cristobal Sifuentes, from Bolivia? How are you?
5) 7) dialog: Complicated question. See, I flew in because my guys said you took my stash house, and just now two military guys tried to kill me. I hope this aggression is not just about business, because if you wanted in on the stash house, all you had to do was call me. You know that, right?
5) 10) dialog: You know, I've been a fan of yours for a while. Like, when you sent me that bullet via DHL, I was like, wow. This guy is next level. Plus we have the same job, you and I. And I know how hard it is to break in in Los Angeles. We should be working together, not against each other. No?
5) 17) dialog: Whoa, whoever told you that is just wrong.
5) 19) dialog: I mean, you just assumed I was a mean guy without meeting me? Do you know the book The 'Four Agreements'? You owe it to yourself. It's life- changing. Agreement three in the book is "Don't make assumptions."
5) 23) dialog: Oh, I wish we could. But you killed a bunch of my guys, so now I gotta kill a bunch of your guys. You know how this shit goes --
5) 27) dialog: If only, man. Agreement number one is "Be impeccable with your word." (MORE ) (CONTINUED )
5) 31) dialog: Well, next time you should just reach out. Lesson learned. And if you wishlist 'The Four Agreements' on Amazon, I'll buy it for you. You really never read it?
5) 33) dialog: That's got some good stuff, but it's a little psych one-oh-one for me. Have you read 'The Alchemist'?
9) 1) dialog: Oh, I wish we could. But you killed a bunch of my guys, so now I gotta kill a bunch of your guys. You know how this shit goes -- (CONTINUED )
9) 7) dialog: If only, man. Agreement number one is "Be impeccable with your word." I have to back my people here. So, yeah man, it's a war now.
9) 9) dialog: Well, next time you should just reach out. Lesson learned. And if you wishlist 'The Four Agreements’ on Amazon, I'll buy it for you. You really never read it?
9) 11) dialog: That's got some good stuff, but it's a little psych one-oh-one for me. Have you read 'The Alchemist'? Loach stops the playback.