6) 16) dialog: Ladies and Gentlemen and invited Tran gendered species... In my study of Terran and Betazoid conjugal rites I have discovered it is traditional to present the "happy couple" with a gift.  Given Commander Riker's affection for archaic musical forms I have elected to present the following as my gift in honor of their conjugation. Riker shoots an amused glance to Deanna.  Conjugation? Data turns to the band leader.
6) 17) dialog: If you please, Mister Band Leader, a-one and a-two and... The band launches into a jaunty, swing version of the Irv Berlin standard "Blue Skies."
6) 18) dialog: (sings) "Blue skies, smiling at me, Nothing but blue skies do I see.  Blue birds, singing a song, Nothing but blue birds all day long.  Never saw the sun shining so bright, Never saw things going so right..." The crowd is appreciative.  Loves the song.  Except Worf, momentarily raises his head from the table.
8) 0) text: Data sits in the empty Crew Lounge. As always, the android's placid, neutral expression still somehow manages to convey his wonder, curiosity and idiosyncratic zest for life. Picard arrives with a very old bottle of wine.
8) 4) dialog: To happy endings. Picard carefully takes a tiny sip, savors the flavor, fin swallows.  Enjoys it.  Ahhh. Data mimics Picard.  Taking a tiny sip, savoring the flav and finally swallowing.  Ahhh.
8) 5) dialog: Sir.  I noticed an interesting confluence of emotion at the wedding.  I am familiar with the human concept of tears through laughter and its inverse, laughter through tears, but I could not help wondering about the human capacity for expressing both pleasure and sadness simultaneously.
8) 7) dialog: And you were particularly aware of this feeling because Commander Riker will be leaving to assume command of the Titan?
8) 9) dialog: And this makes you "sad"?
8) 11) dialog: That is because you have a familiarity with them.  You can predict specific reactions and behavior and are comfortable in that knowledge.
8) 14) dialog: The choices I made have led me here as well.  This is the only home I have ever known.  I cannot foresee a reason for leaving.
8) 16) dialog: If I were... I believe my memory engrams would sense the absence of your specific reactions and behavior.  I would "miss you."
8) 18) dialog: To new worlds...
12) 0) text: Geordi is at the Engineering station with Picard, Riker a Data.
12) 5) dialog: Since positronic signatures have only been known to emanate from androids such as myself, it is logical to theorize that there is an android such as myself on Kolarus III.
12) 7) dialog: I thought only me, myself and Lore.
14) 3) dialog: Isolated pockets of humanoids.  It appears to be a pre-warp civilization at an early stage of industrial development.
16) 0) text: The Argo lands on the planet.  It is primarily a desert environment with some canyons and mountains.  Like Death Valley, blazing heat waves shimmer in the distance.  The shuttle sits silently for a moment.  We wonder at the del then... The rear cargo doors slide open and Picard, Data and Worf roar out on a 24th Century equivalent of a military jeep! Picard drives, Data beside him.  Worf stands in the back mounted phaser canon.  It is a muscular, exciting vehicle Starfleet version of the jeep from old television series Rat Patrol." Picard screeches to a stop.  Data and Worf lurch.  A clou dust momentarily obscures them.  Data quickly monitors th positronic signatures with a tricorder:
16) 1) dialog: The closest signature is two kilometers to the west... that direction, sir.
16) 3) dialog: I will always be baffled by the human predilection for piloting vehicles at unsafe velocities. Picard smiles and drives a little faster.
16) 4) dialog: (monitoring with tricorder) Over that rise, sir... half a kilometer. They continue on.  Before long they can see something on level desert floor before them.  They approach and stop t discover... An android arm.  The fingers patiently drumming the groun
16) 5) dialog: It appears to be... (he scans with his tricorder) ... an arm.
16) 7) dialog: Like me, it has been designed with modular power sources.
16) 9) dialog: The next signature is one kilometer to the south. Picard starts the jeep in motion. Time passes as they continue on... coming across another arm... a leg... a torso... another leg... various disassembled components of a Data-like android!
17) 0) text: Worf stands uneasily amidst the moving body parts.  There only one component missing: the head.  Picard steers the into a canyon.  Stops.  Data scans with his tricorder, pointing it up into the gently sloping hills that form th sides of the canyon.
17) 1) dialog: The final signature is approximately 300 meters up that incline.
18) 0) text: Worf and Data climb as Data scans and indicates the direction:
18) 1) dialog: Ten meters... Worf pulls his phaser, ready.
18) 2) dialog: I think it unlikely you will need your phaser to recover the cranial unit.  Of course, it could bite you. Then they see it. Data's head.  Or the spitting image anyway.  Lying inert the dust before them.
18) 4) dialog: The resemblance is... striking. Then the head's eyes suddenly pop open.  It looks up at t with a sort of blank, childlike wonder.
18) 6) dialog: You are not looking at yourself. You are looking at me.
18) 9) dialog: (to head) I would like to pick you up now. May I do that?
18) 12) dialog: Fascinating... Then BLAM! -- a boulder near them explodes.  Worf and Dat spin to see... A nomadic tribe of desert ALIENS swarming toward them fir primitive plasma weapons -- Data and Worf race back down the canyon, toward the jeep some open-field running and a bit of phaser action -- Wor firing to distract and slow the aliens, not kill them -- through all of this the head is chattering away blandly:
18) 14) dialog: Commander! Worf turns -- Data throws the head to Worf like a footbal perfect spiral -- the head is still chattering away -- Wo catches it --
19) 0) text: Worf, standing at the phaser canon, quickly hands the hea Data in the front seat:
19) 2) dialog: Thank you. The head looks up at Picard.
19) 4) dialog: He is very observant.
19) 9) dialog: (to head) This is not an appropriate time for a conversation.
19) 11) dialog: Because the captain has to concentrate on piloting the vehicle.
19) 14) dialog: Sorry, sir. They continue to speed over the landscape -- bouncing and flying over natural rises in the terrain -- trying to eva their pursuers -- Picard puts the pedal to the metal and races through the alien vehicles -- weaving in and out, avoiding their fire Worf blasts away with the phaser cannon -- an exhilaratin adventure -- Finally they are within sight of the Argo -- but they see is surrounded by more of the aliens!
20) 0) text: Picard slams on the brakes -- the jeep screeches to a sto the doors shut and the Argo shoots into the air. Picard climbs from the jeep.  He nonchalantly rubs a bit dirt from the hood and then disappears into the main cabi Data and Worf remain in the jeep for a beat, stunned.
21) 2) dialog: Our eyes are identical, Doctor. The android is in a framework rig that holds the various parts in place.  The parts are not yet assembled
21) 5) dialog: (to head) Do you have a name, sir?
21) 10) dialog: Can you tell me how you came to be on the planet where we found you?
21) 19) dialog: Yes, please continue.
21) 22) dialog: Do you know who I am?
21) 24) dialog: No.  My name is Data... I am your brother.
26) 0) text: Data conducts a briefing for the senior officers.  Monito currently show an image of Romulus and Remus in orbit aro their sun.
26) 1) dialog: As you can see the habitable half of Remus is always in darkness because, like Mercury, one side always faces the sun.  Due to the extreme temperatures on that half of their world, the Remans live on the dark side of the planet. Various grainy and unclear new images appear to illustrat Data's words:
26) 2) dialog: Almost nothing is known about the Reman homeworld, although intelligence scans have proven the existence of dilithium mining and heavy weapons construction. Very obscure images of Remans appear, the crew can barely make out the monstrous figures:
26) 3) dialog: The Remans themselves are considered an undesirable caste in the hierarchy of the Empire.
26) 11) dialog: Starfleet intelligence was only able to provide a partial account of his military record.  We can infer he is relatively young and a capable commander.  He fought seventeen major engagements in the war.  All successful.  Beyond that, we know nothing.
27) 0) text: The B-9 stares placidly forward. We pull back and discover that computer conduits connect B-9's head to Data's head.  Geordi monitors the connectio
27) 1) dialog: At present he serves no useful function.  Dr. Soong created us to become active and useful members of society.  I do not believe he would have wanted the B-9 to live out his life in his present state.
27) 3) dialog: Captain Picard agrees that the B-9 was probably designed with the same self-actualization parameters as myself.  If my memory engrams are successfully integrated into his positronic matrix, he should have all my abilities.
27) 5) dialog: I feel nothing, Geordi.  It is my belief that with my memory engrams he will be able to function as a more complete individual.
27) 7) dialog: Yes.
27) 10) dialog: (to B-9) Do you know where you are?
27) 12) dialog: Can you remember our father?
27) 14) dialog: Do you know the name of the Captain of this vessel?
27) 16) dialog: Is that your final answer?
27) 20) dialog: What purpose does this serve?
27) 22) dialog: Dr. Soong must have found it unnecessary in later versions.
27) 24) dialog: No, I do not mind. Data looks at the B-9 with a sort of sadness.
27) 25) dialog: But I believe he will prove incapable of performing higher functions.
27) 27) dialog: (looking at B-9) I am not. Data stands.  The B-9 stands to follow.
27) 28) dialog: No, remain with Commander La Forge. He is going to try to make you well. The B-9 sits.  Data goes.  Geordi watches him go.
29) 10) dialog: Captain... And on the viewscreen. Shinzon's magnificent Reman Warbird, the SCIMITAR, decloa directly before the Enterprise.
42) 0) text: Picard emerges from the turbolift.  Data, Worf and Geordi wait at the bridge engineering station. WORF
42) 3) text: It's going to take some time to find out -- the data stream was rerouted through substations all over the ship. PICARD
42) 6) text: (to Worf) Set up a security program to detect any unusual data stream rerouting. If it happens again, we want to be ready. GEORDI
43) 0) text: Picard stands, concerned, with Beverly, Geordi and Data. Monitors showing Thalaron research are visible. PICARD
43) 5) text: Understood.  Keep on it.  I need to know what he has and how to neutralize any threat.  Give me options. Picard goes.  Data thinks for a moment. DATA
44) 9) text: Yes. Data interrupts on comm: DATA (V.O.) (ON COMM)
44) 10) text: Data to Captain Picard.  Geordi and I have identified the source of the unauthorized computer access.  And, I believe, we have also discovered an opportunity to gain a tactical advantage. PICARD
47) 2) text: Welcome home. (to Engineers) Begin the download. Reman engineers go to the B-9 and open the panel in his n begin connecting computer conduits to the extra memory po we saw earlier. (Note: Although the audience will not know it yet, this i actually Data pretending to be the B-9.) Shinzon goes to a replicator unit and orders: SHINZON
53) 11) text: (whispers) Be careful of over-playing your part, Commander! And the audience now realizes it is Data pretending to be B-9 and rejoices. DATA
53) 12) text: Sorry, sir.  I thought it added a touch of reality to the performance. They are silent as they pass a few Reman guards.  Then: DATA
53) 14) text: Good work.  The download? DATA
53) 15) text: He believes he has our communications protocols.  But they will give him inaccurate locations for all Starfleet vessels. Data assumes the B-9's posture again as they pass some so Reman Warriors. DATA
53) 17) text: A bit less florid, Data. DATA
54) 0) text: Data leads Picard into a massive chamber that soars up li cathedral.  It is the size of a small town. The whole, cavernous chamber pulses with glowing green li DATA
54) 2) text: A weapon. DATA
54) 3) text: It would appear so. Data rotates his left hand and then slides it forward, exposing a hidden compartment in his wrist.  He removes a small, silver disc.  This is a cool new piece of Federati technology called an ETU.  (Emergency Transport Unit.) DATA
54) 5) text: It'll only work for one of us. DATA
54) 7) text: We'll find a way off together. Recommendations? DATA
54) 8) text: There is a shuttlebay 948 meters from our current location. Data inserts the ETU back into his wrist and they leave t chamber.
56) 0) text: Security alert klaxons suddenly begin to howl and harsh R commands are broadcast through the corridors. DATA
56) 1) text: This way, sir! They sprint down the twisting, dark corridors -- Reman warriors suddenly appear before them! -- Data fires the disruptor as Picard launches himself into them -- A fight -- Picard uses a dazzlinq series of Starfleet han to-hand maneuvers -- he dramatically subdues the Remans. More Reman warriors appear down the corridor.  Picard gra disruptor. And instantly spins to fire a blazing disruptor.  A battl breaks out in the corridor -- the energy beams and explos illuminating the violent fire fight in strobe-like bursts They run to another corridor and finally arrive at the shuttlebay door -- it does not open. DATA
56) 2) text: (looking at door security panel) It seems to have an encrypted security system. Reman warriors are closing in on them. Data tosses his disruptor to Picard -- Picard catches it instantly spins and fires -- he uses both disruptors to f down both ends of the corridor like a Western sheriff -- keeping the Remans at bay -- As Data uses both hands to punch numbers into the shuttle door security panel at an amazing rate -- PICARD
56) 3) text: Alacrity would be appreciated, Commander. DATA
56) 5) text: While I find that fascinating, Data, we really need that Goddamned door open! The shuttlebay door slides open. Picard lays down a blistering barrage of cover fire as he Data duck into the shuttlebay.
57) 0) text: When the door closes behind them, Picard turns and fires disruptor blast -- sealing the door mechanism. They turn to face... A fleet of very small shuttles.  They are uniquely design Extremely compact and stream-lined.  A disruptor turret o each. They move toward one as: DATA
58) 0) text: The cockpit of the Scorpion is cramped.  Picard climbs in the pilot's position.  Data assumes the gunner's position They see disruptor fire trying to burn through the door t the shuttlebay -- Picard powers up the Scorpion as: PICARD
58) 1) text: (trying to figure out the controls) What do you imagine this is? DATA
58) 3) text: Can you open the shuttlebay doors? DATA
58) 5) text: Well then... only one way to go. He swings the Scorpion around again so it is facing the d they came through, the doors back into the ship. Data is dubious. DATA
58) 7) text: We're about to find out... Power up disruptors and fire on my mark. DATA
67) 0) text: And materializes in one of the Enterprise's cargo bays. Picard and Data climb out -- PICARD
72) 0) text: Data stands before the B-9. The B-9 has been deactivated, he stands lifeless and immobile.  Data gazes deeply into his double's identical features.  Then he opens a panel in the B-9's neck and us small instrument to activate the android's head. The B-9's eyes spring to life.  He looks at Data. B-9
72) 1) text: Brother.  I cannot move. DATA
72) 3) text: Why? DATA
72) 5) text: Why? DATA
72) 7) text: I do not understand. DATA
72) 8) text: I know. A beat. DATA
72) 10) text: No. DATA
72) 12) text: No.  Can I move now? DATA
72) 14) text: For how long? DATA
72) 16) text: How long is that? A beat.  Data gazes at the B-9 deeply. DATA
72) 17) text: A long time, brother. Data reaches forward and deactivates his brother. The B-9's eyes lose the spark of life.  He stands, frozen Data stands before him.
74) 0) text: We see a montage of the Enterprise preparing for battle. Crew members assume battle stations.  Weapons locker ring open and Security Officers hand out sidearms and phaser rifles. Geordi and his Engineers establish emergency force field around the warp core. Riker and Worf brief officers on tactical plans... Data works at the bridge Science Station, analyzing data Shinzon's ship. Picard walks through the corridors, he stops to talk with apprehensive young ensign. As we hear: PICARD (V.O.)
78) 0) text: Data is at work in Astrometry.  Cartographic projections star systems ebb and flow on a large screen before him. Picard enters. PICARD
78) 2) text: How long until we reach the fleet? DATA
78) 4) text: (quietly) "For now we see but through a glass darkly..."  He said he's a mirror. DATA
78) 6) text: Yes. DATA
78) 8) text: But so much is the same.  On a biological level he is... and I will not accept the idea that there is nothing I can do.  I have a responsibility to try to make a human connection with him. DATA
78) 10) text: He may have already rejected my humanity, but you also have a twin. DATA
78) 12) text: How can you be sure? DATA
78) 14) text: We'll never know what Shinzon might have been.  Had he stood where I did as a child?  And looked up at the stars. Picard's words linger in the air for a moment. Then the projections before them sputter with static for moment.  Flickering. DATA
78) 16) text: It's interfering with our uplink from Starfleet cartography? DATA
81) 0) text: Picard and Data emerge from the turbolift as the ship
85) 0) text: The bridge SHAKES violently under the ruthless attack-- DATA
91) 2) text: Aye, sir. The Enterprise ROCKS from a photon torpedo impact -- DATA
94) 0) text: The ship ROCKS dangerously! DATA
103) 0) text: DATA
114) 0) text: DATA
114) 5) text: (to comm) Security detail to deck twenty nine. Data immediately assumes Worf's position at tactical.
116) 2) text: What if we target all phasers in a concentrated attack? DATA
120) 0) text: Picard is still entering commands in his chair console. DATA
120) 2) text: Deanna, stand by. (to Data) Open a channel. SHINZON (V.O.)
120) 6) text: I never told you about my first Academy evaluation, did I?  I received very high marks for my studies.  But I was found lacking in certain other areas. Personality traits, you might say. In particular I was thought to be extremely... (he glares up at the prow of the Scimitar) ... over-confident. Picard indicates for Data to end the communication.  Then PICARD
129) 1) text: Data, I need you. Data joins Picard as: PICARD
132) 7) text: That's an order, Commander. DATA
132) 9) text: Negative. DATA
132) 10) text: Sir... Deanna takes Data's arm.  Looks at him.  She knows this i something Picard must do himself. DEANNA
132) 12) text: (to Data) You have the bridge, Commander. Use all available power to move away from the Scimitar. (to Geordi) Now, Mister La Forge. GEORDI
132) 14) text: That's it.  Transporters are down. Data thinks for a moment.  Then: DATA
134) 0) text: Data and Geordi stand in a long corridor.  The far end of corridor opens to space.  An emergency force field is in place at the end of the corridor. Geordi operates a tricorder and another force field flick on around him. Data looks toward the end of the corridor, readying himse DATA
134) 2) text: (scans with tricorder) 400 meters. DATA
134) 3) text: Thank you. Data backs up a little more   He looks at Geordi again. Deeply. DATA
134) 4) text: Thank you, Geordi.  Deactivate the field. Geordi operates his tricorder and the force field at the of the corridor snaps off -- The void of space fills the corridor and Data takes a run start -- he races down the long corridor and leaps --
135) 0) text: -- into space. He floats toward the Scimitar, his momentum carrying him. Carrying him too far! He is going to miss the Scimitar -- almost past it now! thrusts out a hand -- And just misses a piece of dangling wreckage!  Data is floating helplessly through space.  Doomed.  Then he SLAM into an invisible piece of the partially cloaked on the s He grabs onto the invisible part of the ship and pulls himself up to the hull.  He rips open an access panel wit his superior strength and climbs inside.
136) 5) text: Ten...Nine... Data sprints to the bridge -- He instantly tears open his wrist and pulls out the small silver disc we saw earlier -- the Emergency Transport Uni he slaps it on Picard's shoulder.  A final look between them -- COMPUTER (V.O.)
136) 6) text: Seven..  Six... Data activates the ETU -- Picard dematerializes. Data looks at the space where Picard was and says simply: DATA
136) 7) text: Goodbye. Then he spins and pulls out his phaser -- And fires point-blank into the Scimitar's warp core relay the bridge explodes -- Data is incinerated --
138) 2) text: Data. Riker looks toward the glowing debris field in the distan He puts an arm around Deanna. Silence. GEORDI
139) 1) text: To absent friends... o family. They toast Data.  Slow fade to...