6) 11) dialog: Really, Captain, it was a lovely toast.
6) 13) dialog: And you needn't worry.  I'll brief your new counselor on everything she needs to know.
6) 20) dialog: (smiles) All right, go ahead. Riker eagerly joins the band.  Grabs the trombone and sta jamming with the orchestra.  The song really swings.
6) 22) dialog: With pleasure, Captain. Meanwhile, Geordi leads Leah to the dance floor as well. Beverly goes to Worf.
11) 2) dialog: It's tradition,Worf.  You of all people should appreciate that! (whispers) Besides, I've already seen it.
11) 5) dialog: Don't be too sure.  Mother will be there. Worf groans.  Picard emerges from his Ready Room as:
12) 16) dialog: You better believe you're engaged! Meanwhile, Geordi and Data remain at the Engineering Stat studying the displays.
22) 0) text: Riker and Deanna are having dinner with Worf.
22) 1) dialog: (to Worf) ... and after the ceremony on Betazed, three entire weeks for our honeymoon.
22) 4) dialog: (amused) It's meant to be relaxing.
23) 3) dialog: Do you have a moment, sir?
23) 5) dialog: It's about Data  I've watched him with the B-9 and I'm troubled. Data's desire for a "family" is very strong.  I'm afraid he may be investing too much in the B-9.
23) 7) dialog: The B-9 is like a slow child, sir. And Data, in his own way, has assumed the position of a parent or guardian.  I'm afraid he has expectations based on his own experiences.  He'll be disappointed when the B-9 cannot meet those expectations.
23) 9) dialog: I don't believe that, sir.  We've shared many disappointing journeys. A quiet beat.
23) 11) dialog: And I you. They are interrupted by a comm signal:
23) 14) dialog: Thank you, sir. She goes.  Picard activates his desktop viewscreen. ADMIRAL KATHRYN JANEWAY appears on Picard's monitor.  Jan is the former captain of Voyager.  Her new rank fits her well, she has lost none of her dry humor and down-to-eart charm which made her a household name and beloved cult figure.
29) 0) text: The crew is tense.  Silence. Worf, at tactical, slowly stretches his neck.  Trying to release the tension.  It cracks.  Deanna jumps a bit.
29) 5) dialog: They're out there, sir. Picard stands and walks to the viewscreen.  He gazes at Romulus below and the black infinity of space beyond. They're out there, Waiting.
32) 12) dialog: I'm only half human.
33) 0) text: Beverly stands with Picard, Riker and Deanna.  The Reman knife is under a protonmicroscope and other medical reado and analysis are visible.
34) 1) dialog: I would say he's been trained to resist telepathy.  What I could sense of his emotions were erratic, very hard to follow.
34) 3) dialog: I don't know. (she stops him) Sir, the strongest sense I had was that he's more than curious about you.  He very much wants to know you. (she looks at him deeply) The same way you want to know him.
34) 5) dialog: Captain, don't assume he's anything like you are.  You should resist the urge to think you know him.
35) 1) dialog: Will, you need to rest. (he continues to work) As ship's counselor, I'm recommending you get me sleep. Riker tosses a padd on the desk.  Rubs his eyes.  Looks u her.
35) 3) dialog: We have time. (she kisses him) Come to bed. She pulls him up.
35) 6) dialog: No! He caresses her face...
35) 8) dialog: This isn't real.
35) 12) dialog: You sick bastard! She pushes him away...
45) 0) text: Deanna is alone on the turbolift.  Then a voice makes her spin: SHINZON (V.O.)
45) 1) text: Imzadi... Shinzon stands across from her. DEANNA
45) 3) text: (moving to her) Very logical, Deanna... But your heart doesn't constrain itself to mere logic. (he caresses her) ... Your heart longs to discover me.  To know me... (he kisses her) ... To leave all of this behind and be with me. He pushes her against the wall, with passion and almost violence. DEANNA
45) 5) text: I can feel your desire, Deanna... She forces herself to concentrate... to resist telepathically... it is a mighty effort... this Romulan i hot.  And the world around her appears to be changing... bending... And she is momentarily in a cabin on the Scimitar.  Altho entirely a telepathic experience, it is as if she has actually traveled. She sees Shinzon kneeling over a small flame, she realize she is looking through the Viceroy's eyes. On the Scimitar, Shinzon looks up at the Viceroy/Deanna: SHINZON
45) 6) text: I can feel your hunger to know the Reman ways... the old ways. Then the world changes again... Deanna is on the turbolift.  Shinzon is pressed against h whispering: SHINZON
48) 0) text: Beverly is scanning Deanna.  Picard and Riker watch, concerned. BEVERLY
48) 2) text: (gently) Can you describe it, Deanna? She looks at Picard, tears in her eyes. DEANNA
48) 3) text: It was... a violation. Riker takes her hand. DEANNA
73) 6) text: And the Romulans invade. DEANNA
90) 0) text: Picard strides to his command chair as two Romulan Warbir appear on the viewscreen.  Deanna is now on the bridge. RIKER
103) 3) text: Evacuate those decks and reroute field power to forward shields. Deanna goes to Picard: DEANNA
103) 5) text: Counselor? DEANNA
105) 0) text: Deanna concentrates furiously, eyes closed.  She stands w Worf, her hand slowly moving his over the photon torpedo targeting display. It is a wrenching experience as she probes with her thoug DEANNA
107) 0) text: Deanna continues to move Worf's hand over the targeting display.  She is sweating, panting for breath, concentrat fiercely.
108) 0) text: The Viceroy resists her -- their psyches lock in battle. Deanna appears in the Viceroy's mind, she glares at him. DEANNA
109) 0) text: Her eyes snap open -- DEANNA
116) 0) text: The Scimitar sweeps into view on the viewscreen -- fillin the screen -- and launches a ferocious volley of photon torpedoes. A huge EXPLOSION as the viewscreen and some of the forwar bridge are BLOWN APART -- the Helm Officer is SUCKED INTO SPACE before a flickering emergency force field springs i position -- Deanna races to assume the helm -- Picard can now see his enemy directly through the gaping in the ship's hull -- he sees the Scimitar banking for another attack run as part of the ship disappears -- GEORDI
116) 3) text: The Scimitar's shields are still at seventy percent.  It would make no difference, sir. Picard thinks. DEANNA
120) 2) text: Deanna, stand by. (to Data) Open a channel. SHINZON (V.O.)
120) 5) text: Don't you think it's time to surrender?  I'll have my cloak back in a matter of minutes and your poor ship is shot to pieces.  Why should the rest of your crew have to die? Picard continues to enter command codes -- transmits them Deanna at helm -- she receives the commands, nods.  All o this as Picard buys some time: PICARD
120) 9) text: Deanna, on my mark. GEORDI
120) 11) text: (on comm) All hands, brace for impact! (to Deanna) ENGAGE.
132) 2) text: The targeting sequence should take about four minutes. DEANNA
132) 10) text: Sir... Deanna takes Data's arm.  Looks at him.  She knows this i something Picard must do himself. DEANNA
138) 0) text: Picard re-materializes. He sees the brilliant flash from the explosion through th gaping hole in the front of the bridge. Deanna sits at helm, her face a mask of pain.  Geordi sta on the upper rear deck, head down. A long beat as Picard just stands on his ruined bridge, t thousand-yard stare of a combat veteran in his eyes. Riker emerges from the turbolift.  Goes to Picard. RIKER
138) 1) text: Sir? Picard doesn't answer, he just stares forward.  Deanna go to Riker. DEANNA
138) 2) text: Data. Riker looks toward the glowing debris field in the distan He puts an arm around Deanna. Silence. GEORDI
138) 9) text: Number One. (a beat) You have the bridge. He turns and heads toward his Ready Room. The others watch him go with great sadness. When the Ready Room doors close behind Picard, Deanna fin allows herself to cry.  Riker holds her closely.  Slow fa to...