6) 5) dialog: (laughs) Not likely.  After we installed the new Series Four replicators, he tried to order his usual tea and there was a glitch.  Had us remove the whole bunch of them and put the old ones back in.
6) 7) dialog: He just likes things the way he likes them... (he looks at her, smiles) Of course, so do I. He kisses her gently as WORF comes to them.  Poor Worf is still suffering a bit from the bachelor party.  He plops beside them, belches.
6) 9) dialog: It is, old chum.
12) 0) text: Geordi is at the Engineering station with Picard, Riker a Data.
12) 1) dialog: It's very faint but I've isolated it to the third planet in the Kolarin system.
12) 3) dialog: Uncharted.  We'll have to get closer for a more detailed scan.
12) 6) dialog: How many of you did Dr. Soong make?
12) 17) dialog: What do you think, Data, a long- lost relative? Data doesn't respond, but the curiosity on his face is apparent.
14) 1) dialog: I read six distinct positronic signatures, spread out over a few kilometers on the surface.
14) 4) dialog: Captain, I don't recommend transporting, that ion storm doesn't look very neighborly.  It could head this way without much warning.
21) 4) dialog: (at work analyzing the torso section) Well, he seems to have the same internal mechanics as Data but not as much positronic development. The neural pathways aren't nearly as sophisticated.  I'd say he's a prototype.  Something Dr. Soong created before Data.
26) 6) dialog: Then how did a Reman get to be Praetor?  I don't get it.
27) 0) text: The B-9 stares placidly forward. We pull back and discover that computer conduits connect B-9's head to Data's head.  Geordi monitors the connectio
27) 2) dialog: I can't believe the Captain went along with a memory download.
27) 4) dialog: He'd have all your memories too. You feel comfortable with that?
27) 6) dialog: An individual more like you, you mean.
27) 8) dialog: Maybe he's not supposed to be like you.  Maybe he's supposed to be just like he is. Geordi completes his work
27) 9) dialog: Okay... we're done. Geordi removes the computer connections from between thei heads.  He carefully closes the panel in Data's head as:
27) 17) dialog: (to B-9) Do you know my name?
27) 19) dialog: (gently) Data, he's assimilating a lot of programming.  Remember, he's a prototype, a lot less sophisticated than you are.  We just don't know if his matrix will be able to adapt.  Or if he'll be able to retain anything.  We should give him some time. Data has been studying some circuitry in the B-9's neck.
27) 21) dialog: (also examining circuitry) It seems to be a redundant memory port.  Maybe it's for provisional memory storage in case his neural pathways overload?
27) 23) dialog: It's possible the extra memory port is interfering with the engram processing.  Mind if I keep him here and run some diagnostics?
27) 26) dialog: Don't give up hope, Data.  I know, I know, you're not capable of hope.
42) 0) text: Picard emerges from the turbolift.  Data, Worf and Geordi wait at the bridge engineering station. WORF
42) 2) text: Who was it? GEORDI
42) 4) text: What programs were accessed? GEORDI
42) 6) text: (to Worf) Set up a security program to detect any unusual data stream rerouting. If it happens again, we want to be ready. GEORDI
43) 0) text: Picard stands, concerned, with Beverly, Geordi and Data. Monitors showing Thalaron research are visible. PICARD
43) 1) text: ... I thought Thalaron radiation was theoretical. GEORDI
43) 6) text: Doctor, will you excuse us for a moment?  Geordi, please come with me. He and Geordi head out.  Beverly returns to some medical displays showing Thalaron research, her expression deeply concerned.
44) 10) text: Data to Captain Picard.  Geordi and I have identified the source of the unauthorized computer access.  And, I believe, we have also discovered an opportunity to gain a tactical advantage. PICARD
51) 1) text: No response to our hails. Geordi is hard at work at the Science station.  Riker sta over him: GEORDI
51) 3) text: Keep at it, Geordi.  Find a way in. Beverly arrives on the bridge, urgent.  She carries a med padd. BEVERLY
54) 4) text: Geordi equipped me with the prototype for the Emergency Transport Unit.  I recommend you use it to return to the Enterprise. PICARD
73) 0) text: Picard is gathered with his senior officers. A computer display illustrates Geordi's words about the p of Shinzon's weapon.  We see a chilling graphic of the Biogenic Pulse beam spreading around a ship, then a whole planet. GEORDI
73) 9) text: (to Geordi) And there's no way to penetrate his cloak? GEORDI
74) 0) text: We see a montage of the Enterprise preparing for battle. Crew members assume battle stations.  Weapons locker ring open and Security Officers hand out sidearms and phaser rifles. Geordi and his Engineers establish emergency force field around the warp core. Riker and Worf brief officers on tactical plans... Data works at the bridge Science Station, analyzing data Shinzon's ship. Picard walks through the corridors, he stops to talk with apprehensive young ensign. As we hear: PICARD (V.O.)
81) 3) text: He's firing through his cloak.  We can't get a lock. GEORDI
87) 2) text: (to Helm) Defensive pattern Kirk Epsilon. Geordi, get those shields online. PICARD
103) 1) text: We have lost structural integrity on decks twelve through seventeen, sections four through ten. GEORDI
116) 0) text: The Scimitar sweeps into view on the viewscreen -- fillin the screen -- and launches a ferocious volley of photon torpedoes. A huge EXPLOSION as the viewscreen and some of the forwar bridge are BLOWN APART -- the Helm Officer is SUCKED INTO SPACE before a flickering emergency force field springs i position -- Deanna races to assume the helm -- Picard can now see his enemy directly through the gaping in the ship's hull -- he sees the Scimitar banking for another attack run as part of the ship disappears -- GEORDI
116) 4) text: They're stopping... Through the hole in the hull, Picard sees the Scimitar sl turning.  Slowly advancing.  They see another part of the Scimitar disappear, the cloak returning. GEORDI
118) 1) text: He thinks he knows exactly what I'm going to do... GEORDI
120) 7) text: (quickly) Geordi, put 211 power to the engines.  Take it from life support if you have to -- everything you can give me. GEORDI
120) 9) text: Deanna, on my mark. GEORDI
132) 1) text: How long until he can fire? GEORDI
132) 5) text: Prepare for a site-to-site transport. GEORDI
132) 12) text: (to Data) You have the bridge, Commander. Use all available power to move away from the Scimitar. (to Geordi) Now, Mister La Forge. GEORDI
132) 13) text: Aye, sir. Geordi nervously works some controls on his console and Picard dematerializes.  Then the transporter panel explod in a shower of sparks. GEORDI
132) 15) text: Counsellor Troi, please assume command.  Geordi, if you will come with me. He heads toward the turbolift, Geordi following.
134) 0) text: Data and Geordi stand in a long corridor.  The far end of corridor opens to space.  An emergency force field is in place at the end of the corridor. Geordi operates a tricorder and another force field flick on around him. Data looks toward the end of the corridor, readying himse DATA
134) 1) text: What is our approximate distance? GEORDI
134) 3) text: Thank you. Data backs up a little more   He looks at Geordi again. Deeply. DATA
134) 4) text: Thank you, Geordi.  Deactivate the field. Geordi operates his tricorder and the force field at the of the corridor snaps off -- The void of space fills the corridor and Data takes a run start -- he races down the long corridor and leaps --
138) 0) text: Picard re-materializes. He sees the brilliant flash from the explosion through th gaping hole in the front of the bridge. Deanna sits at helm, her face a mask of pain.  Geordi sta on the upper rear deck, head down. A long beat as Picard just stands on his ruined bridge, t thousand-yard stare of a combat veteran in his eyes. Riker emerges from the turbolift.  Goes to Picard. RIKER
138) 2) text: Data. Riker looks toward the glowing debris field in the distan He puts an arm around Deanna. Silence. GEORDI
138) 7) text: (flat) Geordi... prepare the shuttlebay for arrivals.  They don't know our procedures so just... open the doors. GEORDI
139) 0) text: Hours later.  The senior crew is solemnly gathered in the shattered remains of the crew lounge.  Picard, Riker, Dea Beverly, Worf, Geordi. They wear their dress uniforms. Picard goes to each of them.  He carries a small, metal b They each take something from the box. At first we, don't quite see what they are doing.  Then w realize they are affixing black bars to the collars of th uniforms. Mourning bands. Picard pours six glasses of his precious Chateau Picard. Each takes a glass. Picard raises his glass. PICARD
143) 0) text: A fresh-faced young officer, COMMANDER MARTIN MADDEN, pac nervously outside Picard's Ready Room.  Bracing himself before entering. Behind him we can see technicians working everywhere arou the bridge, trying to rebuild it.  Worf is talking to a y officer at tactical and Geordi is working at the engineer station.  We also see new command chairs being installed. (Although we do not see it in this scene, the gaping hole the front of the bridge has not yet been repaired.) A young Andorian woman, the new OPS OFFICER, smiles at Madden's nervousness.  Her antennae twitch slightly in amusement.  He sees her. MADDEN
145) 7) text: Feels good. Worf and Geordi exchange a look, surprised. ENSIGN