4) 0) text: SENATOR TAL'AURA watches the proceedings with a studied l of bored indifference.  She glances to the familiar Romul crest that dominates one wall of the chamber: a ferocious bird-of-prey holding two planets, one in either claw. And then her eyes carefully cross the chamber to... PRAETOR HIREN -- the head of the Romulan government -- presiding over the Senate from a throne-like chair.  He i capable politician in his 50s.
4) 3) dialog: Senator Tal'Aura, you disagree with the motion.
4) 5) dialog: Then I will call for a vote on the motion to open trade negotiations with Celes II... The Senator at the desk next to Tal'Aura's glances over. silver box is moving. The Senator watches, amazed, as the box begins to slowly open.  Then "legs" appear.  The box unfolds like a spider standing on its legs.  Then it is still for a moment.  Th Senator looks at it, puzzled. Suddenly -- a bright beam of green light shoots up from t spider -- the Senators are stunned -- the beam shoots to high domed ceiling of the chamber and then cascades aroun the interior of the room, enveloping everything in a glow shroud of green energy.  In a way, it is bizarrely beauti And then just as suddenly the light disappears. A moment of silence.  The Praetor and Senators are baffle
4) 6) dialog: Would someone please tell me what that was? (he turns to a guard) Alert security -- A plant behind the Praetor begins to shrivel...
4) 7) dialog: -- and have them run a -- The Praetor stops suddenly -- as the flesh begins to melt from his face. Every bit of organic matter in the chamber decays.  Flesh melts from bones while the Senators scream in agony.  Eve living thing in the chamber is dead within ten seconds. A stunning moment of silence as we take in the carnage. a transporter effect ripples around the spider-weapon.  I disappears. And the Romulan Senate is no more.  We fade to...
40) 29) text: After you, Praetor. SHINZON
46) 5) text: Praetor, we've received the transponder signal. SHINZON
52) 1) text: (to Reman guard) I am to take the prisoner to the Praetor. The Reman Guard deactivates the force field. B-9
53) 2) text: Praetor Shinzon wants him on the bridge. The Viceroy turns his malevolent gaze on Picard. VICEROY
98) 3) text: Praetor... SHINZON
130) 6) text: But, Praetor, you won't survive without him... Shinzon gazes at the Enterprise on the viewscreen. SHINZON