9) 3) dialog: But in darkness, there is strength. Donatra and Suran stop. And the VICEROY steps from the shadows... He is a terrifying sight  A powerful, monstrous alien creature; a tall, ashen-skinned ectomorph who bears a disturbing resemblance to the original Nosferatu.  He is vampiric and lethal.  He is a Reman.
9) 4) dialog: Don't you agree? He leads them along the corridor.
10) 19) dialog: Yes, Praetor. A beat.
31) 11) dialog: Enterprise.  We are the Reman Warbird Scimitar.
31) 13) dialog: I am not Shinzon.  I am his Viceroy.  We are sending transport coordinates. The transmission ends abruptly.  The Scimitar reappears o the viewscreen.
37) 0) text: Heavy drapes are drawn against any hint of the sun.  Shin is in conference with the Romulan Commanders and Senator Tal'Aura.  Commander Donatra watches him closely. Commander Suran is angry, pacing.  Shinzon stands.  His Viceroy lurks in a corner.
41) 0) text: Picard is gone.  Shinzon sits, thinking.  His Viceroy ent VICEROY
41) 2) text: He's gentler than I thought.  And he has a sense of humor. VICEROY
45) 5) text: I can feel your desire, Deanna... She forces herself to concentrate... to resist telepathically... it is a mighty effort... this Romulan i hot.  And the world around her appears to be changing... bending... And she is momentarily in a cabin on the Scimitar.  Altho entirely a telepathic experience, it is as if she has actually traveled. She sees Shinzon kneeling over a small flame, she realize she is looking through the Viceroy's eyes. On the Scimitar, Shinzon looks up at the Viceroy/Deanna: SHINZON
46) 0) text: The Viceroy, in a kind of trace, kneels before a small fl Shinzon kneels across from him.  The Viceroy raises his h VICEROY
46) 2) text: Find her again. VICEROY
46) 6) text: (to comm) On my way. He begins to go -- but suddenly stops, a wave of illness overtaking him. The Viceroy puts his hand on Shinzon's chest.  A strange moment as the Viceroy shuts his eyes and feels Shinzon's chest.  His mind... probing. Then the Viceroy looks up at him, grim. VICEROY
48) 4) text: (with difficulty) Shinzon's Viceroy seems to have the ability to reach into my thoughts. I've become a liability... I request to be relieved of my duties. PICARD
53) 0) text: The B-9 leads Picard through the dark corridors, holding disruptor on him steadily.  All the Remans they pass glar Picard with undisguised loathing. The Viceroy approaches.  Stops before them. VICEROY
53) 2) text: Praetor Shinzon wants him on the bridge. The Viceroy turns his malevolent gaze on Picard. VICEROY
53) 4) text: What are you doing to Counsellor Troi? VICEROY
53) 6) text: That will never happen. VICEROY
53) 8) text: There'll be another after me.  And another after that.  You'll find we're a resilient species. VICEROY
53) 10) text: Move. The Viceroy continues away down the corridor.  The B-9 le Picard along. PICARD
55) 0) text: The Viceroy arrives on the bridge, stops. VICEROY
76) 0) text: Shinzon sits in his command chair, lined with veins now. His Viceroy again has his hand pressed to Shinzon's chest SHINZON
76) 1) text: How long? VICEROY
76) 2) text: A matter of hours now -- Shinzon shoves him away.  Stands. VICEROY
76) 3) text: If you don't begin the procedure soon you'll never make it back to Romulus.  You shouldn't have delayed.  You should have killed Picard the moment -- Shinzon slams his command chair in fury.  The Viceroy wat him carefully. A beat.  Shinzon regains his composure.  He sits again in command chair. SHINZON
76) 4) text: How long until we reach the Rift? VICEROY
89) 0) text: Shinzon strides quickly to his command chair, barking to Viceroy: SHINZON
89) 1) text: Disable their weapons! But before the Viceroy can move the Scimitar suddenly ROC -- attacked from somewhere!  Shinzon is stunned. SHINZON
96) 1) text: Let her pursue -- drop cloak on the aft port quadrant and prepare for full emergency stop. VICEROY
98) 0) text: VICEROY
98) 2) text: Not yet. On the viewscreen  we see the Valdore in pursuit, gaining The Reman crew is getting nervous. VICEROY
104) 1) text: Prepare a lateral run -- all starboard disruptors. Then the viceroy suddenly stiffens, alarm in his eyes -- VICEROY
106) 0) text: The Viceroy concentrates, trying to block her probing thoughts. SHINZON
106) 1) text: What is it?!  Focus on your job!!! VICEROY
108) 0) text: The Viceroy resists her -- their psyches lock in battle. Deanna appears in the Viceroy's mind, she glares at him. DEANNA
113) 1) text: (spinning to his Viceroy) Prepare a boarding party -- BRING
115) 0) text: Riker and Worf stride with a SECURITY DETAIL through the cramped lower decks. A sudden disruptor blast stops them cold!  The Viceroy an his invasion force of a dozen Reman Warriors are down the corridor! The Enterprise crew returns fire.  It is a blazing phaser battle, Worf leading his men with Klingon courage.  They steadily advance in the face of the blistering disruptor fire -- They are getting the upper hand when Riker sees the Vicer escape into a Jefferies tube -- RIKER
115) 1) text: Worf. Worf instantly dives into the corridor -- landing hard an sliding forward on his stomach all the while firing a ste burst from his phaser rifle. Riker uses the cover to dive after the Viceroy, following into the dark Jefferies tube, intent on destroying the ma who has been tormenting his wife --
117) 0) text: Below decks, Riker stalks the Viceroy through a labyrinth series of access tunnels.  It is like a scene from ALIEN. The flickering half-light and red emergency strobes of th crippled ship make this an ominous sequence.  The Viceroy in his element, used to the perpetual night of the Reman Homeworld, he can see in the dark. Riker moves through the darkness, hunting for the Viceroy He stops, phaser ready.  He peers into the dark tunnel ah of him.  Sees nothing.  We tilt up and see... The Viceroy clinging to the ceiling directly above Riker! Hidden in the darkness.  The Viceroy attacks! -- diving d on Riker -- his lethal Reman knife slashing through the darkness --
128) 0) text: The Jefferies tube SHUDDERS as the Scimitar continues to itself free -- Riker and the Viceroy careen through the t The Viceroy recovers quickly and coils for a final attack Riker sees that an access plate has been loosened in the collision -- he desperately rips it away -- knowing the relays behind will provide him with the advantage he need Bright light strobes from the relays and the Viceroy is momentarily blinded -- Riker uses this opportunity to att He dives forward -- slamming into the Viceroy -- they bot tumble into a long, vertical access tunnel -- they fall! Riker shoots out a hand and grabs a ladder -- the Viceroy grabs onto Riker, his talons digging into his uniform -- long drop below them! Riker forces the Viceroy's head back -- away from him -- brutal struggle -- Riker glares at him. RIKER
128) 1) text: Don't worry -- Hell is dark. Riker uses every ounce of strength he has left -- pushes Viceroy off him -- The Viceroy falls down the long tunnel -- to his death.