6) 8) dialog: Romulan ale should be illegal.
6) 10) dialog: Then it should be more illegal. He groans and rests his head on the table, acts like he's going to heave.  Meanwhile, Riker and Deanna are talking Picard and Beverly.
6) 19) dialog: (groans) Ugghhh... Irving Berlin. His heads thumps down again, is about ready to BARF! Meanwhile, Riker is anxious as a kid to join the band:
6) 24) dialog: I am not a swinger.  I am unwell.
6) 27) dialog: I was not suited for the life of a... diplomat.
11) 1) dialog: (grumbles) I won't do it.
11) 3) dialog: A warrior does not appear without his clothing.  It leaves him... vulnerable.
11) 6) dialog: I won't do it.
11) 8) dialog: Captain.  I think it is inappropriate for a Starfleet officer to appear... (hates the word) ... naked.
11) 10) dialog: I'm picking up an unusual electromagnetic signature from the Kolarin system.
11) 12) dialog: Positronic.
16) 0) text: The Argo lands on the planet.  It is primarily a desert environment with some canyons and mountains.  Like Death Valley, blazing heat waves shimmer in the distance.  The shuttle sits silently for a moment.  We wonder at the del then... The rear cargo doors slide open and Picard, Data and Worf roar out on a 24th Century equivalent of a military jeep! Picard drives, Data beside him.  Worf stands in the back mounted phaser canon.  It is a muscular, exciting vehicle Starfleet version of the jeep from old television series Rat Patrol." Picard screeches to a stop.  Data and Worf lurch.  A clou dust momentarily obscures them.  Data quickly monitors th positronic signatures with a tricorder:
16) 6) dialog: (suspicious) Why is it moving?
17) 0) text: Worf stands uneasily amidst the moving body parts.  There only one component missing: the head.  Picard steers the into a canyon.  Stops.  Data scans with his tricorder, pointing it up into the gently sloping hills that form th sides of the canyon.
17) 3) dialog: (uneasy) To find the head, sir?
18) 0) text: Worf and Data climb as Data scans and indicates the direction:
18) 3) dialog: It's you.
18) 8) dialog: No.
18) 11) dialog: Thank you. Data gently picks up the head.  Looks at it.  The two identical faces gaze at each other.
18) 15) dialog: 
19) 0) text: Worf, standing at the phaser canon, quickly hands the hea Data in the front seat:
19) 1) dialog: If you wouldn't mind.
19) 6) dialog: Captain! Picard turns to see that they are being pursued!  The ali are racing after them in crude desert-terrain vehicles --
20) 0) text: Picard slams on the brakes -- the jeep screeches to a sto the doors shut and the Argo shoots into the air. Picard climbs from the jeep.  He nonchalantly rubs a bit dirt from the hood and then disappears into the main cabi Data and Worf remain in the jeep for a beat, stunned.
20) 1) dialog: (smiles) He must have Klingon blood.
21) 16) dialog: Worf to Commander Riker.  I have the tactical manifests ready, sir.
22) 0) text: Riker and Deanna are having dinner with Worf.
22) 3) dialog: It seems a very... soft honeymoon.
22) 5) dialog: A Klingon honeymoon begins with the Kholamar desert march where the couple bonds in endurance trials. If they survive the challenge they move on to the Fire Caves of Fek'lhr to face the demons of Gre'thor.
22) 7) dialog: It is... invigorating. They see Data enter the lounge, carefully leading the B-9
22) 9) dialog: He's a very unusual android
29) 0) text: The crew is tense.  Silence. Worf, at tactical, slowly stretches his neck.  Trying to release the tension.  It cracks.  Deanna jumps a bit.
29) 6) dialog: Sir,  I recommend we raise shields.
31) 2) dialog: (tense) Should I raise shields?
31) 4) dialog: Captain -- !
31) 6) dialog: (quickly analyzing tactical display) Fifty-two disruptor banks, twenty- seven photon torpedo bays, primary and secondary phased shields.
31) 9) dialog: We're being hailed.
32) 6) dialog: You are human.
32) 8) dialog: (terse, in Klingon) I'll save my greetings for a better brother. Shinzon laughs, maniacally.
42) 0) text: Picard emerges from the turbolift.  Data, Worf and Geordi wait at the bridge engineering station. WORF
42) 6) text: (to Worf) Set up a security program to detect any unusual data stream rerouting. If it happens again, we want to be ready. GEORDI
48) 6) text: (to comm) Worf!  Raise Shields ! But Picard is gone.
51) 0) text: The ship is on Red Alert.  Worf stands at tactical, muscl coiled, hungry for action. WORF
64) 1) text: Worf!  Lock on transporters!
74) 0) text: We see a montage of the Enterprise preparing for battle. Crew members assume battle stations.  Weapons locker ring open and Security Officers hand out sidearms and phaser rifles. Geordi and his Engineers establish emergency force field around the warp core. Riker and Worf brief officers on tactical plans... Data works at the bridge Science Station, analyzing data Shinzon's ship. Picard walks through the corridors, he stops to talk with apprehensive young ensign. As we hear: PICARD (V.O.)
81) 4) text: (at engineering station) He disabled our warp drive with his first shot.  We've only got impulse. WORF
81) 6) text: Worf, prepare a full phaser spread, zero elevation.  All banks on my mark.  Scan for shield impacts and stand by photon torpedoes. WORF
87) 0) text: WORF
87) 5) text: Agreed. WORF
90) 1) text: Believe it or not, I think the cavalry has arrived. WORF
90) 9) text: (to Worf) You heard the lady.  Get to work. Move your ass! (The Romulan Warbirds must remain decloaked to fire weapo and are visible throughout the battle.) Although Shinzon's ship is still cloaked, the steady barr of triangulated phaser and disruptor fire from the Enterp and the two Romulan vessels illuminate its shields with impacts.
91) 1) text: (to Worf) Coordinate our attack with the Valdore's tactical officer. Triangulate fire on any shield impacts. WORF
103) 7) text: Make it so. She quickly goes to Worf at tactical.
105) 0) text: Deanna concentrates furiously, eyes closed.  She stands w Worf, her hand slowly moving his over the photon torpedo targeting display. It is a wrenching experience as she probes with her thoug DEANNA
107) 0) text: Deanna continues to move Worf's hand over the targeting display.  She is sweating, panting for breath, concentrat fiercely.
114) 2) text: Divert power and compensate -- An alarm klaxon suddenly rings through the bridge. WORF
114) 4) text: Let's go. Riker and Worf quickly head toward the turbolift as: WORF
114) 5) text: (to comm) Security detail to deck twenty nine. Data immediately assumes Worf's position at tactical.
115) 0) text: Riker and Worf stride with a SECURITY DETAIL through the cramped lower decks. A sudden disruptor blast stops them cold!  The Viceroy an his invasion force of a dozen Reman Warriors are down the corridor! The Enterprise crew returns fire.  It is a blazing phaser battle, Worf leading his men with Klingon courage.  They steadily advance in the face of the blistering disruptor fire -- They are getting the upper hand when Riker sees the Vicer escape into a Jefferies tube -- RIKER
115) 1) text: Worf. Worf instantly dives into the corridor -- landing hard an sliding forward on his stomach all the while firing a ste burst from his phaser rifle. Riker uses the cover to dive after the Viceroy, following into the dark Jefferies tube, intent on destroying the ma who has been tormenting his wife --
139) 0) text: Hours later.  The senior crew is solemnly gathered in the shattered remains of the crew lounge.  Picard, Riker, Dea Beverly, Worf, Geordi. They wear their dress uniforms. Picard goes to each of them.  He carries a small, metal b They each take something from the box. At first we, don't quite see what they are doing.  Then w realize they are affixing black bars to the collars of th uniforms. Mourning bands. Picard pours six glasses of his precious Chateau Picard. Each takes a glass. Picard raises his glass. PICARD
140) 5) text: Well, I hope someday you will. Worf interrupts on comm: WORF (V.O.) (ON COMM)
143) 0) text: A fresh-faced young officer, COMMANDER MARTIN MADDEN, pac nervously outside Picard's Ready Room.  Bracing himself before entering. Behind him we can see technicians working everywhere arou the bridge, trying to rebuild it.  Worf is talking to a y officer at tactical and Geordi is working at the engineer station.  We also see new command chairs being installed. (Although we do not see it in this scene, the gaping hole the front of the bridge has not yet been repaired.) A young Andorian woman, the new OPS OFFICER, smiles at Madden's nervousness.  Her antennae twitch slightly in amusement.  He sees her. MADDEN
145) 0) text: They emerge to the bridge as Worf is arguing with the coc young ENSIGN busy installing Picard's new high-tech comma chair. WORF
145) 2) text: What's this? WORF
145) 4) text: It's the Mark Seven, Captain. State-of-the-art ergonomics... command interfaces with -- WORF
145) 7) text: Feels good. Worf and Geordi exchange a look, surprised. ENSIGN