28) 29) text: Héctor bolts for the bridge. A security guards blocks th gate. Héctor splits in two and slides past the guard, ha going over, half under.
29) 0) text: Miguel and his family are escorted by a security guard ac an arching second floor walkway.
54) 0) text: Miguel arrives at the foot of the hill to de la Cruz's to Vehicles from all eras (limousines, motor cars, carriages drop off finely dressed guests who line up to get aboard funicular that scales the tower to the mansion. A couple at the front of the line show a fancy invitation a SECURITY GUARD, who then lets them onto the funicular.
54) 1) dialog: Have a good time.
54) 3) text: EL SANTO, the silver-masked luchador, produces a fancy invitation to the security guard.
54) 4) dialog: Oh!  El Santo! (giddy) I'm a big fan.
54) 5) text: The security guard sheepishly holds up a camera.
54) 6) dialog: You mind if I--
54) 7) text: El Santo nods. The security guard removes his head and ha it to the luchador for a selfie. His body proceeds to tak the photo.
54) 8) dialog: Gracias, señor!
54) 9) text: The security guard puts his head back on and El Santo hea past the velvet rope. Miguel is revealed waiting in line behind him.
54) 10) dialog: Invitation?
54) 19) dialog: Ooo, the competition winners! Congratulations chicos!
57) 4) text: The security guard lets her in immediately.     No need t the list.
57) 5) dialog: It is an honor, señora!
66) 7) text: Security guards rush in to pull Héctor off Ernesto. struggles, but it's no use.
76) 9) text: De la Cruz shoves the stagehand out of the way. As security guards try to wrangle the Riveras, Imelda rea de la Cruz and gets her hands on Héctor's photo. De la C scuffles with her to get it back, when Miguel tackles de Cruz to the ground. De la Cruz loses his grip; Imelda tumbles backward, photo in hand.
76) 11) text: Miguel turns toward Imelda but is chased by guards. Suddenly, Imelda rises into the air. She is on de la Cruz rising platform! She is lifted through the ceiling and up the stage. De la Cruz hurries up the stairs after her. Miguel is detained by a security guard when Dante flies i and knocks the guard's head clean off. Miguel, Héctor, T Victoria, and Tía Rosita hurry up the stairs after de la Cruz.