4) 1) text: OPAL enters the booth, carrying a too-large English tape  recorder. HAVEN Stops singing, mad at OPAL'S interruption the piano player. Through the glass we see him pantomimin instructions for her to leave. As she does, HAVEN starts
5) 0) text: OPAL wanders to the next studio. BUD follows, apologizing
5) 4) dialog: Haven Hamilton is your father? Can  you arrange an interview?
6) 0) text: They have entered a different control tooth. In the recor portion, LINNEA and an all-black, male CHOIR sings a gosp OPAL asks BUD who this group is.
8) 0) text: It is jammed with black singers from the CHOIR. HAVEN hat being crushed and moves through the congestion like a whi knight. OPAL moves near.
8) 1) dialog: Excuse me, sir. I'm here putting  together a film. I would like to  ask some questions.
8) 4) dialog: I'm from BBC television.
20) 0) text: Joining the procession from an auxiliary route. With her OPAL, who interviews LINNEA.
20) 1) dialog: Have your children been deaf since  birth?
20) 3) dialog: When did you start singing?
20) 5) dialog: Isn't it unusual for you to be  working with a black choir?
20) 7) dialog: Well, can you tell me why?
20) 9) dialog: (not getting the  answer she wants) How long have you been with them?
20) 11) dialog: And before?
20) 13) dialog: Do you ever do any writing?
20) 15) dialog: Are you a close friend of Haven's?
20) 17) dialog: Do you like him?
29) 0) text: SUELEEN is auditioning. The TRICYCLE MAN goes to the bar listens. He is one of the few people who do. SUELEEN dire her performance to him. Also at the bar is TOM, being interviewed by OPAL.
29) 2) dialog: Do they have a show to give it to  you?
29) 4) dialog: Did it break?
29) 6) dialog: How long have you been together?
29) 8) dialog: Do you study at all?
33) 0) text: BUD and L.A. JOAN go to the bar as SUELEEN sings another TOM has moved away from OPAL to the telephone.
35) 0) text: TOM moves back to the bar and OPAL. L.A. JOAN has found t TRICYCLE MAN more interesting than BUD and slides close t BUD takes the opportunity to sneak out.
43) 0) text: TOM is in bed with OPAL. He gets up and goes to the windo see the TRICYCLE MAN'S machine parked outside.
43) 1) dialog: Come on back to bed.
43) 3) dialog: Come on.
43) 13) text: OPAL is getting dressed and gathering her things.
43) 18) text: OPAL is almost ready to leave. She sees the tricycle park outside. LINNEA has hung up on TOM and he dials again.
43) 23) text: The phone is hung up in TOM'S ear. TOM studies the phone for an instant, then tosses it in the ashtray. OPAL has l perhaps we even HEAR the ROAR of the tricycle.
52) 0) text: OPAL is driven up to the house by the TRICYCLE MAN. 
53) 0) text: BUD gives OPAL a tour of the house. She carries her big  recorder.
53) 2) dialog: Your brother?
53) 4) dialog: Harvard?
53) 6) dialog: What is a turkey shoot.
53) 8) dialog: How in the world did he get shot?
53) 24) text: He catches OPAL'S eye and doesn't leave.
53) 25) dialog: Do you know Barbara Jean?
53) 27) dialog: Haven's not going to talk to me.
53) 29) text: REESE looks at OPAL.
55) 0) text: TRICYCLE MAN arrives. So do REESE and OPAL. She records  everything he says, more for him than her. He talks about counsel for all the Western stars and WALKER, too -
57) 2) text: CONNIE WHITE and her entourage are gathered. HAVEN, BUD a PEARL talk. OPAL and REESE arrive. As TOMMY BROWN perform TRIPLETTE makes the rounds. OPAL comes near. They are han pieces of anniversary cake.
57) 3) dialog: Hi.
57) 5) dialog: I'm Opal.
57) 7) dialog: I'm gathering information about the  characteristics of music people. I  just finished a documentary on  Gandi.
57) 9) dialog: The architect  His buildings are  drippy. You know, like sand and  castles. Then I got this  assignment. They want to start in  two weeks.
57) 11) dialog: Why?
57) 13) dialog: What? Oh. A film.
57) 21) text: TRIPLETTE clears his throat and turns his back to HAVEN a continues to talk to OPAL. HAVEN walks off.
67) 7) text: It is getting crowded by people returning from the Opera. OPAL is on one of the house phones, talking to Paris. We HEAR the HOUSE PHONE OPERATOR behind the switchboard desk speaks in a combination of English and French. She isn't much in one language and she might just be talking to the OPERATOR, but is sounds impressive.
67) 8) text: CONNIE WHITE and her group step into the lobby. The MC in lounge, spots her and coaxes her into taking the stage an singing one of her hits. When she finishes, BARNETT walks thanks her, handing her the flowers. Meanwhile, HAVEN, wh there with BUD and PEARL, tells TRIPLETTE that CONNIE and JEAN will replace each other, but never appear on the sam After BARNETT exits, CONNIE leaves with HAVEN, BUD, PEARL TRIPLETTE. OPAL is still on the phone, now speaking in It
72) 0) text: TOMMY sits. LINNEA sings in the all-black choir. OPAL is with her tape recorder doing research.
83) 0) text: We SEE OPAL hitching a ride. He starts past, but she yell forcing him to stop.
83) 1) text: OPAL opens the door and gets in.
83) 2) dialog: You weren't really going to drive  off?
83) 4) dialog: My name's Opal. What's yours?
83) 6) dialog: You going to Nashville?
83) 8) dialog: Good. I came out here to meet some  underground singer. They say she  only writes in those trees over  there.
83) 9) text: There is a long pause. STAR doesn't respond, so OPAL cont
83) 10) dialog: She never came. I'm trying to  gather some information about the  characteristics of music people for  English television. I started in  San Francisco. Some friends were  making an anti-war film about 'Nam,  you know, and I just love marine  movies. It is really the consummate  art form, all those parts of the  puzzle to make the whole. All that  energy being collective, you know  what I mean?
83) 12) dialog: I've been all over the United  States now except for Maine and  Vermont.
83) 14) dialog: What did you say your name was?
83) 16) dialog: Star - oh! that's a fantastic name.  Almost as good as Opal. I changed  my name in Taos. This man that was  really into low budget movies said  my eyes were opalistic.
83) 18) dialog: I'm going to make the consummate  documentary as soon as I finish  gathering information. You know  it's so nice not to feel oppressed  in a society that is male oriented.
83) 20) dialog: No, I told you that.
83) 22) dialog: Just living and then after that  making the total documentary that  will encompass everything.
101) 10) text: Before TOM can sit down he is called on stage by the MC. present are BILL, MARY and NORMAN, talking about NORMAN'S OPAL, who interviews them. LINNEA sees TOM.
101) 32) text: LINNEA is wiping her eyes with a hanky. A large group of people starts out the door, among them T L.A. JOAN. TOM steers himself and JOAN to LINNEA'S table. and MARY catch him there. All the while he is talking to he writes a note and places it in LINNEA'S lap. OPAL walk TOM. They look at each other.