39) 0) text: Ali pushes in, pissed off, and hears the sound of PUKING. She sees Georgia's BOOTS sticking out from under the stal
39) 2) dialog: I don't know why they call it morning sickness when it hits at every freakin hour of the day. She rinses her mouth out at the sink.
39) 4) dialog: Four. Can you believe my boyfriend hasn't noticed yet?
39) 11) dialog: I guess as long as he doesn't know, I can still imagine he'll be happy about it. (looks in the mirror) Oh my God, look what the cat dragged in. She gets to work wiping away her smudged mascara.
39) 13) dialog: Yeah, well -- you take what Mother Nature gave you and milk the hell out of it, right? Coco enters carrying a glass of tonic for Georgia.
39) 14) dialog: Thanks, Coco.
39) 20) dialog: I can't make any promises. Coco drags her out, leaving Ali alone. Ali looks at herse in the mirror. Reaches into her shirt and does the boob-h that Georgia did. Looks again. Better.
54) 49) dialog: Yeah, but she's really good. Tess and Ali are in a stare down.
67) 0) text: After hours. The club is closed. Jack, Ali, Coco, Sean an Georgia are sitting around the bar as Jack closes up. JACK
67) 7) text: and it just builds and builds till I feel like I'm gonna explode. GEORGIA
104) 0) text: CLOSE ON: A DIAMOND RING as it's placed on the hand of A VERY PREGNANT GEORGIA. Wearing an adorable mini-skirt maternity wedding dress. She looks at DAMON with devotion Ali, Tess, Coco, Sean and Jack, all watching the ceremony Ali looks over at Jack. He looks at her, then away.
134) 0) text: A SPOTLIGHT. MOVING down the smoke-filled shaft of light A FIGURE RISES into view at the back of the stage. Over t contemporary BEAT, we HEAR a beautiful classic opera (Carmen?) REVEAL...it's NIKKI! She sings a line or two in amazing operatic voice that totally blows us away. Then . DANCE BEAT KICKS IN as COCO comes into view, and sings another line. Then Jessie. Then Scarlett. And FINALLY... Ali RISES into view, wearing a diamond studded Gaultier-t harness top and sequined hot-pants. This song (to be writ is a contemporary dance song about BURLESQUE with a vinta feel to it. Nikki and the Burlesque Girls, in similar costumes, back Ali as she SINGS her big finale. CAMERA MO through the packed house as we SEE Georgia, Sean, Mark (t DJ) and Tess, who double-takes at MR. ANDERSON (the Businessman) who sees her and smiles. ON STAGE, ALI and the entire company explode in a surreal whirl of dancing. Turning. Kicking. Arched backs. Legs overhead. Rhinestones. Garters. Fishnets. The entire comp band and bartenders join in an all out BOLLYWOOD FINALE. 