4) 0) text: The audience is still applauding as the Performers crowd the backstage area, squeezing past the Puccini Triplets preparing their act. Tess comes off stage and bumrushes Sean.
4) 2) dialog: Rehab, if there's a God. The BACKSTAGE DOOR BURSTS OPEN revealing--
9) 4) dialog: Amazing what a pink spotlight can do. Hides more cellulite than a burka.
19) 0) text: Cabaret chairs as they DROP FROM THE CEILING. The girls CATCH them, SPIN them around, SLAM them down and LAND ON IN VARIOUS LAYOUTS. IN THE WINGS, Tess hands Sean her corset as she slips int slinky dress. He takes her cigarette holder and grips it between his teeth as he zips her in.
19) 1) dialog: They're loving you tonight.
19) 3) dialog: Oh, shucks, I just tell myself I'm writing for a big old drag queen.
19) 5) dialog: A big old foul-mouthed drag queen! Tess looks in a mirror. As she makes the necessary adjustments, VINCE SCALI appears. 35, scruffy-handsome.
32) 17) dialog: Bitch! You're on! Sean grabs her and drags her inside. As he does, a STRAND CRYSTAL BEADS comes off her costume, falls to the ground.
35) 17) dialog: What'd she do to you?
35) 19) dialog: Can't be the first time THAT'S happened. Nikki is about to haul off on Sean when the CURTAIN OPENS and WHOOMP!
37) 2) dialog: Okay, girl, time for Sean to give you a real tip. He ties her shirt up higher, undoes the top few buttons..
37) 3) dialog: You got lips that could suck the chrome off a Peterbilt, but that matte is about as sexy as a bedpan.
37) 9) dialog: Now baby, go show 'em what you got. He heads off. While Eva performs onstage, Ali delivers th drinks to a table of SCENESTERS as Eva winds up her act i flurry of fierce ballet moves, finishing to APPLAUSE as.. Ali notices someone waving her over. MARCUS GERBER. 31, boyishly handsome in jeans and a ringer tee. Gold Rolex, status sneakers. Charming. Charismatic. When Ali gets to him:
37) 25) dialog: A black AmEx! The backstage pass to life! He sees Coco walking by, swipes the AmEx in her cleavage. She shudders, then turns around and tips her ass up at hi He swipes the card again.
37) 27) dialog: Now there's a first! Jack sees Ali laughing at their banter. She heads off wit the tray of Dewar's and Dom as the "Prince Nez" number en
37) 60) dialog: Thanks. My lines. Our secret. Jack gives Sean his drink. He walks off. MUSIC UP: An insanely cool version of Sly and Family Stone "Everybody Star" mashed up with a Fosse-esque Burlesque rap.
38) 0) text: Backstage mayhem. Girls scurry, Sean fusses, Tess sits at mirror, applying a fake eyelash as WE HEAR a surprisingly good woman's voice BELTING a SONG! It's Nikki. Late again
38) 19) dialog: Oh, no she didn't? Tess slowly spins around in her chair to face Ali. Peers her with a supercilious gaze.
52) 0) text: CLOSE ON A HEAVILY MADE-UP GIRL as she screams and drops of the shot in a flying split. Behind her, a ROW OF DANCE do the same. Typical, fantastic, old-school can-can. WIDEN to see Tess and Sean, on the floor, auditioning the The club is brightly lit, none of its evening aura. Scattered around the club are other HOPEFULS in groups, waiting for their turn.
54) 8) dialog: They're busy "Dancing with the Stars." (to the waiting dancers) Last group, please. HALF A DOZEN DANCERS move to the stage. Ali watches from behind the bar, thinking. Then, on her face, we see: an i forming. ON THE FLOOR, Tess and Sean check their clipboards, organizing for this next set. They look up and start in:
54) 51) dialog: There's a first. Tess sighs, not wanting to give Ali any props.
54) 64) dialog: Theeeere's bitchy. Nikki watches Tess go-- turns and pours herself a shot.
54) 66) dialog: Congratulations. The last time someone showed Tess balls like that, she married him. (looks Ali over) You look like a checker at a Mal Wart in Wichita. Just tripled your salary. Get a new look.
54) 68) dialog: Really? That's a fascinating story. And then what happens?
55) 0) text: Sean swings open A DOOR, revealing a room packed to the g with costumes: feathers, sequins, fishnets, corsets, jamm up against each other. Sean tosses her clothes in a blur.
55) 1) dialog: First number, second number, third number... She catches the clothes. He dumps shoes on top of them, holding them up as he tells her what they go with:
55) 2) dialog: With the sequined bustier. With the shorts and garters. With the beaded number. And those -- (points to hers) I never want to see again.
55) 4) dialog: For "Miss Otis Regrets". Just be sure you don't -- Ali pulls the trigger. BOOM -- GLITTER SPLATS all over Se
55) 5) dialog: Pull the trigger.
56) 6) dialog: Admit it. You like her. It kills you, but you like her. Tess meets his eye, then walks away. The number ends. The girls rush offstage and peel their costumes off.
56) 8) dialog: It's fun being a girl, huh?
62) 0) text: Tess comes off stage. Sean bustles up to her. SEAN
62) 2) text: Ply him with drinks, send Scarlett over to flirt, and try to finagle him down to a half. SEAN
62) 4) text: Have I told you lately that I love you? SEAN
64) 10) text: (to a stage hand) Close the Goddman curtain! SEAN
65) 10) text: No. But they'll come to hear her sing. Dry out and maybe you can back her up. She leaves. Nikki scowls. Sean grabs Ali. SEAN
67) 0) text: After hours. The club is closed. Jack, Ali, Coco, Sean an Georgia are sitting around the bar as Jack closes up. JACK
67) 3) text: Who knew any white chick could sing like that? You channeled that shit. SEAN
67) 6) text: She runs her hands over her body as she describes it. Jac watches her -- holy smokes. Sean notices his gaze on her. ALI (CONT'D)
67) 10) text: Yeah. Lemme get my bag. Ali moves off. Coco goes to get her coat. Sean sees Jack still watching Ali as she walks across the room. SEAN
67) 12) text: What? SEAN
67) 17) text: We talk every day. SEAN
67) 18) text: Let me guess what about: her, her and...oh! Her. Jack shoots him a glare. SEAN (CONT'D)
67) 20) text: What? SEAN
67) 21) text: I was just explaining to Jack that even opportunity has a shelf life. Jack grabs a trash bag and takes it out back. Sean looks Ali more closely. He brushes her hair out of her face. Th he holds it off her shoulders and raises that gay eyebrow - INT. SALON - DAY - Ali sits in front of a mirror while gives the HAIRDRESSER very specific instructions. - INT. JACK'S APARTMENT, AT HIS KEYBOARD, Jack plays a hi energy style piano which runs over a QUICK SEQUENCE: It's instrumental music to: "BUT I'M A GOOD GIRL." - INT. BURLESQUE LOUNGE - The Burlesque Girls dance on st performing a high-energy tap dance, coupled with a Europe slap-dance, with the slapping of each other's bodies and faces integrated with tapping and music. It's very cabare but modernized with contemporary STEPPING. CARRY MUSIC: - INT. SALON - LATER - The HAIRDRESSER spins the chair around. Ali's her hair is platinum blonde, with bangs and Louise Brooks bob that frames her face beautifully. Her smoky eyes pop like never before. Ali studies herself: ALI
71) 15) text: Don't worry. The balloon payment's due on the first. She doesn't have the money. She has to sell. IN TESS'S OFFICE, Tess stands in the doorway, having hear Then she walks back to her desk and sits, dejected. Head her hands. For the first time ever, looking worried and defeated. Something she'd never show anyone. A beat. Then SEAN
71) 16) text: Well. We've had a pretty good run. She looks up. Sean is in the doorway. SEAN (CONT'D)
71) 20) text: I choreographed every step of every number. I've played nursemaid, sister, mother and shrink to every girl who's ever danced here. I've hocked every keepsake I've ever owned to keep this place afloat. Because this club is the last of it's kind, and if it goes away, one day there won't be anything like it- - and THAT would be a tragedy. So you cannot say that to me. Because now someone's gotta believe in me, Goddamnit. And I need that person to be you. So don't you ever let me hear you say that again. I will never let this club go. Never. Sean looks at her...a wry smile. SEAN
71) 21) text: There she is. Thought I'd lost you for a minute. Tess just looks at him, and smiles. He grabs a boa, throw around his neck and exits. When he's gone, Tess's smile fades. IN THE CLUB, the place is empty. Jack is wiping down the cleaning up. He starts stacking some chairs in the house as..SEAN CROSSES the floor. SEAN (CONT'D)
71) 23) text: Night. Sean EXITS as Jack carries a stack of chairs to the side the room, sets them down near the piano. STOPS, grabs a c for himself and sits down. Begins to play an original son ACROSS THE ROOM, Ali ENTERS from backstage. Her dance bag over her shoulder. She HEARS the piano, peers around a column, SEES Jack playing. She stays in the shadows and watches as he sings and plays a beautiful song. (TBD) The song ends. Ali applauds slowly. Impressed. Jack looks surprised that she is there. ALI
81) 0) text: Sean, Coco, Nikki, Jesse, and the rest of the girls in ea stages of getting ready. Ali enters. COCO
81) 6) text: Ahh. My Nanna used to call me her Ali-Cat. SEAN
81) 10) text: She never uses it. SEAN
81) 12) text: When? SEAN
95) 4) text: (pointing to photo) Look again. The only thing major is the size of your ass. Nikki walks off-- Scarlett pick up the paper, looks close Ali enters, dance bag over her shoulder, running late. Th Burlesque Girls and Sean all APPLAUD (except Nikki) Ali smiles. Embarrassed. She curtsies sarcastically. Coco points to a BOUQUET OF ROSES at Ali's station. COCO
95) 5) text: From Monsieur Louboutin, I presume. Ali reads the card: "To the best view in L.A. - M". Sean shoves her down in her seat, pulls her coat off. SEAN
97) 20) text: Holy shit. Harold Saint. AT THE BAR, Jack watches Ali and Marcus talking excitedly Not liking what he sees. Sean breezes by, grabs a drink. SEAN
98) 0) text: Sean grips the drink in his teeth as he bustles through t backstage, gathering costumes. He passes Tess going the o way. TESS
98) 1) text: Can you believe this crowd? He dumps the costumes in her arms. SEAN
104) 0) text: CLOSE ON: A DIAMOND RING as it's placed on the hand of A VERY PREGNANT GEORGIA. Wearing an adorable mini-skirt maternity wedding dress. She looks at DAMON with devotion Ali, Tess, Coco, Sean and Jack, all watching the ceremony Ali looks over at Jack. He looks at her, then away.
105) 0) text: The reception is underway. GUESTS are drinking, dancing w the iconic backdrop of Hollywood behind them. Ali, Sean, Coco and Tess stand together drinking, overlooking the ci ACROSS THE TERRACE, Jack is talking on his cell phone. JACK
105) 1) text: What do you mean, you're still in New York? ...So you just -- decided not to come? You think you might've wanted to, I don't know, let me know??? We haven't seen each other in six months. ACROSS THE TERRACE, Ali sees Jack yelling into his phone. Sean sees her watching.
105) 5) text: He sees it's Natalie, sends it to voicemail, and shuts of his phone. As he PASSES Sean and Coco-- JACK (CONT'D)
105) 6) text: I guess Natalie's not coming after all. SEAN
105) 22) text: Do I look alone to you? They share a look. Then he spins her around in his arms. laughs. AT THE BAR, tipsy Sean and Coco stand side-by-side. Coco watching the DJ spin. The DJ glances down at them. COCO
105) 23) text: That DJ's hot. SEAN
113) 1) text: Oh. I'm sorry. I think I have the wrong apartment. I'm looking for Sean? (off his blank look) Brown hair? 5'10n? Early 30's? DJ
113) 2) text: Oh, Sean! I thought he said John. He's asleep. Come in.    
113) 4) text: That him? Ali nods. Sean's eyes pop open, confused to see her. SEAN
113) 6) text: Long story. Sean notices the guy in the blanket. SEAN
113) 8) text: Mark. SEAN
114) 8) text: Only if you had your eye on Sean.
118) 0) text: Sean and Mark exchange awkward good-byes. SEAN
118) 2) text: You... Take care. Sean. Mark turns, heads down the stairs as Jack rushes up, call JACK
118) 4) text: Just left. Mark continues down. Jack whips around, looks at him, the at Sean, who nods. JACK
118) 5) text: Where'd she go? SEAN
118) 9) text: I told you, opportunity doesn't knock forever. Jack burns, frustrated, then heads slowly down the stairs Sean shakes his head and turns to go back inside. Then pauses, noticing: Mark, looking up at Sean's apartment, hesitating. Then he opens his car to get in. Sean stands there, realizing he' doing the same thing. He steps onto the stairwell. Calls SEAN (CONT'D)
118) 11) text: It's Mark. SEAN
124) 18) text: Not personal? It's pretty god damn personal for Tess! And Coco and Sean and Alexis. And what about Jesse? And Dave the lighting guy? MARCUS ALI -- ALI
127) 0) text: As Eva performs and the Bartenders and Jack sing, SEAN lo up at Dave, and MOTIONS for the SPOTLIGHT on Jack. Dave n and SWINGS the SPOTLIGHT hitting JACK. The Bartenders pus Jack up onto the bar as he TAKES THE LEAD-- JACK
127) 28) text: I just saw the plans. Tess looks at Ali. Stunned. Ali stands there, breathless, waiting for her reaction. But Tess just turns, continues to her office, and shuts the door. Ali turns to Sean-- th starts after her-- ALI (CONT'D)
127) 29) text: She has to do something! She can't just let him -- SEAN (STOPPING HER)
127) 31) text: So that's it? It's over? SEAN
127) 35) text: She's not giving up. She's going down with her ship. With dignity. Ali sits on a barstool, in disbelief. SEAN (CONT'D)
127) 37) text: Where'd you get this? SEAN
127) 39) text: Where's he going? SEAN
127) 41) text: To be with Natalie? SEAN
127) 44) text: Then why's he going to New York? SEAN
127) 46) text: I don't have a -- Sean tosses her his CAR KEYS.    
127) 60) text: Sean told me you're going to New York. Please don't go! JACK
128) 0) text: Sean's car whips into the parking lot. Ali jumps out and heads for the front entrance. The CONSTRUCTION WORKERS fr the towering building across the street HOOT and CAT-CALL her. She waves to them and nods: that's right, boys.
134) 0) text: A SPOTLIGHT. MOVING down the smoke-filled shaft of light A FIGURE RISES into view at the back of the stage. Over t contemporary BEAT, we HEAR a beautiful classic opera (Carmen?) REVEAL...it's NIKKI! She sings a line or two in amazing operatic voice that totally blows us away. Then . DANCE BEAT KICKS IN as COCO comes into view, and sings another line. Then Jessie. Then Scarlett. And FINALLY... Ali RISES into view, wearing a diamond studded Gaultier-t harness top and sequined hot-pants. This song (to be writ is a contemporary dance song about BURLESQUE with a vinta feel to it. Nikki and the Burlesque Girls, in similar costumes, back Ali as she SINGS her big finale. CAMERA MO through the packed house as we SEE Georgia, Sean, Mark (t DJ) and Tess, who double-takes at MR. ANDERSON (the Businessman) who sees her and smiles. ON STAGE, ALI and the entire company explode in a surreal whirl of dancing. Turning. Kicking. Arched backs. Legs overhead. Rhinestones. Garters. Fishnets. The entire comp band and bartenders join in an all out BOLLYWOOD FINALE. 