0) 4) dialog: Say hello to Scarlett. Jesse. Anna. Coco-puff. And Georgie-Girl. The girls gather at the edge of the stage, lit by footlig moving in place to the beat of the INTRO MUSIC. Hips sway Fingers snap. Tess weaves playfully between them.
0) 5) dialog: All of them the creme-de la creme.
0) 7) dialog: Each one a bastion of bodacious... (Coco bends over, peers between her legs) Elegance. TWO GIRLS upside down on chairs NAIL aerial splits.
0) 13) dialog: Not to mention their other... (smacks Coco on the ass) Ass-ets. Coco raises a brow, moves her butt to a LOUD BUMP-AND-GRI
0) 14) dialog: Welcome to the Burlesque Lounge, dead smack in the center of the Sunset Strip-- did I say "strip?" (cat calls from audience) I meant TEASE... FOOTLIGHTS FLARE, UPLIGHTING THE GIRLS. They shift their weight, hitting the beats with risque moves and hip-thrus as they MOVE DOWNSTAGE suggestively toward the audience t the MUSIC...
3) 9) dialog: The insatiable La Puccini Triplets! Death-defying daredevils Missy and Kitten DeVille! The Countess of contortion, Eva Destruction! And how about a little love for those bad boys of burlesque, our naughty- bawdy bumber band! THE TATTOOED BAND blares as the troupe kicks in unison
4) 0) text: The audience is still applauding as the Performers crowd the backstage area, squeezing past the Puccini Triplets preparing their act. Tess comes off stage and bumrushes Sean.
4) 1) dialog: Where the hell is Nikki?
4) 9) dialog: Jesus, Nikki, you're later than Georgia's period! Where were you?
4) 11) dialog: Hold it right there. Weigh in. Nikki unwillingly steps on the scale. Tess shakes her hea
4) 12) dialog: Put on five pounds or I bump you. Nikki protests as Sean double-takes at Georgia -- who FLI BY with a slightly protruding belly.
9) 3) dialog: Girls look good tonight.
19) 0) text: Cabaret chairs as they DROP FROM THE CEILING. The girls CATCH them, SPIN them around, SLAM them down and LAND ON IN VARIOUS LAYOUTS. IN THE WINGS, Tess hands Sean her corset as she slips int slinky dress. He takes her cigarette holder and grips it between his teeth as he zips her in.
19) 2) dialog: They're loving you.
19) 4) dialog: Eat me. As he heads off with her discarded costume:
19) 13) dialog: Half-full.
19) 15) dialog: And you told him we weren't selling.
19) 17) dialog: Vince, I don't care what the number is; the only way Marcus Gerber will get this club from me is by prying it out of my cold, dead, heavily- jeweled fingers. She pivots away and sweeps into the club.
33) 14) dialog: Smoother than honey and twice as sweet. Each girl lovelier then the next. Gentlemen, hold onto your hats. Ladies, hold on to your gentlemen. We may not have windows.. .but we DO have the best view on the Sunset Strip! MUSIC KICKS IN AS LIGHTS FLARE from the back of the stage where Three Girls stand, backs to the audience, Fosse-sty Coco, Georgia, and Nikki strut downstage. Behind them, Gi MOVE AND DANCE on cabaret chairs. Totally raunchy, comple timeless.
34) 7) dialog: (glued to the mirror) So am I. And sometimes, when the lights are dim, and I squint my eyes ...I can still see her. She switches to mascara. Sean, arms heavy with corsets, catches eyes with Ali, nods toward Tess: "that's her." Al steps closer to Tess.
34) 9) dialog: New in town.
34) 11) dialog: Looking for a job.
34) 13) dialog: Want to perform here.
34) 16) dialog: This is a dance show.
34) 18) dialog: (a quick glance) Really? You a professional?
34) 25) dialog: Not on my dime. Tess stands, a final check in the mirror. Ali sees her ch
34) 28) dialog: Twenty bucks at the door can make all your dreams come true. Tess strides out, not looking back. Ali sees the Girls trading glances, amused. She turns and leaves.
37) 29) dialog: 
37) 47) dialog: 
37) 74) text: ON ALI'S BED, Ali flips to a picture of Mae West IN THE CLUB, Tess cracks up the crowd
38) 0) text: Backstage mayhem. Girls scurry, Sean fusses, Tess sits at mirror, applying a fake eyelash as WE HEAR a surprisingly good woman's voice BELTING a SONG! It's Nikki. Late again
38) 1) dialog: Nikki, do you even own a watch? Or do you measure time in Patron shots? Ali enters with a tray of drinks. Nikki swipes one.
38) 6) dialog: Fast-forward, babe. I gotta rebuild Rome in the next two minutes--
38) 11) dialog: Just one?
38) 20) dialog: "When burlesque started"? Which was...when?
38) 22) dialog: Vaudeville -- is the word you're looking for. Derived from the 15th- century French expression "voix de ville" -- "voice of the city". Popular songs of the time that were strung together into stage shows. Which, over time, gave birth to another kind of show in which talented girls showing a bit more skin danced, did skits, and, _ yes, sang. In addition to being raunchier, these shows were funnier, hence the new name. "Burlesque": "comical" in French. Ali sees the Girls enjoying this dressing-down immensely. Tess stands, peers down her nose at Ali.
38) 23) dialog: Dance major. Juilliard. I did my thesis on Burlesque.
38) 30) dialog: We can all sing. But they don't come to hear us sing. They come to see the best dancers in town backed by the greatest singers in history. (then, condescending) But tell you what: when you find someone with better pipes than Sarah Vaughn, Billie Holiday and Etta James-- you let me know. She sashays out leaving Ali standing there with what's le of her dignity and an empty cocktail tray. The Girls laun back into prepping for the show.
52) 0) text: CLOSE ON A HEAVILY MADE-UP GIRL as she screams and drops of the shot in a flying split. Behind her, a ROW OF DANCE do the same. Typical, fantastic, old-school can-can. WIDEN to see Tess and Sean, on the floor, auditioning the The club is brightly lit, none of its evening aura. Scattered around the club are other HOPEFULS in groups, waiting for their turn.
54) 6) dialog: Okay, front row, thank you very much. They walk off stage, dismissed. Tess turns to Sean.
54) 7) dialog: What happened to all the great dancers in L.A?
54) 9) dialog: All right, ladies, and five, six, seven -- whoa. There, in the back row, is Ali, in her white platform sho
54) 10) dialog: What the hell do you think you're doing? Coco and Georgia ENTER-- surprised to see Ali on stage.
54) 12) dialog: I don't think so.
54) 14) dialog: The girls here have years of training and experience. This stage is for serious and professional
54) 27) dialog: 
54) 36) dialog: Tough Lover! Tess plops down in a booth-- crosses her arms indignantly ON STAGE, the music starts. Ali readies herself, starts t dance. Behind a beat to two. She's got the steps right, b it isn't clicking. She's thinking too hard. No personalit After a few measures, Tess has seen enough.
54) 37) dialog: Okay then, next?
54) 50) dialog: I want so badly to say something bitchy, but nothing's coming.
54) 52) dialog: You were off the whole second half.
54) 54) dialog: Oh, you're gonna be such a pain in my ass. Ali tries hard not to beam--
54) 56) dialog: You're not great. What you are is lucky. Because I need someone tonight.
54) 63) dialog: Even in those shoes that time forgot.
56) 18) dialog: Where'd you get this, the 99 cent store? She chucks it in the trash.
56) 20) dialog: Make-up is like wine. The good stuff costs a fortune but is worth every penny. Where is everyone?
56) 22) dialog: Aren't you one of the girls?
56) 24) dialog: Don't take it personally. Their love's the kind you gotta earn. Ali meets her eyes in the mirror. Then Tess grabs a brush from her own station, tosses it to Ali.
56) 25) dialog: Dip it in water first, or you'll never get a clean line. She leaves Ali alone.
61) 0) text: Through a transparent scrim, the Puccini Triplets perform sexy harem scene in silhouette, casting larger than life shadows-- Tess walks behind the scrim playfully, in and o of view. The Bumber Band plays off to the side. TESS
61) 1) text: But you can bet your sweet ass I'm better ONCE than I ever was... The crowd laughs. Tess points to a woman who isn't laughi TESS (CONT'D)
62) 0) text: Tess comes off stage. Sean bustles up to her. SEAN
62) 1) text: The distributor's holding back the booze unless we cut him a check. TESS
62) 3) text: How's a third? He produces a check, all filled-out, for her to sign. TESS
62) 8) text: Yes, Mommie. TESS
62) 10) text: No. But I'm working on it. Nikki totters a little. Tess looks her over. TESS
62) 12) text: You can't pull me-- Tess SPOTS Ali heading for the dressing room-- TESS
62) 14) text: WHAT?! That bitch can't dance my part! TESS
62) 16) text: But, wait-- Tess-- that's always been Nikki's number. Tess looks at her-- she's really had it with these girls- TESS
62) 20) text: You can do anything, right? Tess just looks at Ali. Nikki stares at Tess, livid, then storms off.
64) 1) text: Tess needs you. She said it was urgent. DAVE
64) 8) text: You wanted to see me? ON STAGE -- Ali looks at flustered Tess...the girls...the audience. Panic. On the floor, Nikki watches with satisfaction as she make her way over to Marcus. Enjoying the train wreck she caus Then -- in a flash, Ali turns to the audience, and SINGS a'capella from the TOP OF THE SONG. ALI
65) 0) text: The Girls exit the stage in a flurry, everyone congratula Ali -- a whirlwind of hugs, kisses. Ali reaches Tess. ALI
65) 1) text: Tess, when the music stopped-- TESS DAVE
65) 3) text: I did. Tess spots a TATTOOED BAND GUY in the door. TESS
65) 7) text: Okay, then. Tomorrow night, Ali sings lead, everyone else is back- up. Questions? Ali can't keep from beaming as she shakes her head, no! TESS (CONT'D)
65) 8) text: Good. The Girls file into the dressing room. Tess heads out, pa Nikki. NIKKI
65) 9) text: "People don't come to hear us sing." TESS
66) 10) text: Talk about a "line." She smiles, amused, and heads away from him, toward the b He watches her go. Tess intercepts Ali. TESS
66) 12) text: Directions to the bar. As Ali heads off. Tess glances back at Marcus, mistrustfu
70) 0) text: Tess glad-hands guests, then spots Vince, waving at her. starts over, then sees Marcus in the booth with Vince. Sh turns and walks the other way. Vince catches up to her. VINCE TESS -- TESS
71) 0) text: Tess, at her desk, reads a contract. Marcus and Vince sit across from her, watching. MARCUS
71) 1) text: It's very simple. I buy you out and pay you a million off the top. (motions to Vince) Five hundred grand each. Tess looks up from the contract, squints at Marcus. TESS
71) 4) text: Do you know what you could do with that money, Tess? TESS
71) 7) text: The club's not even worth what you paid for it. You've got a second mortgage, you can't get a third. Tess looks at Vince, betrayed. TESS
71) 9) text: It's business, Tess. Not personal.    
71) 12) text: You're not gonna get another opportunity like this. TESS
71) 13) text: Exactly. She looks at a photo on her wall: the Burlesque Girls, in their glory. TESS (CONT'D)
71) 15) text: Don't worry. The balloon payment's due on the first. She doesn't have the money. She has to sell. IN TESS'S OFFICE, Tess stands in the doorway, having hear Then she walks back to her desk and sits, dejected. Head her hands. For the first time ever, looking worried and defeated. Something she'd never show anyone. A beat. Then SEAN
71) 17) text: Maybe it's time to just.. .hang it up. Let it go. Call it a day. Tess's eyes go steely with determination. TESS
71) 21) text: There she is. Thought I'd lost you for a minute. Tess just looks at him, and smiles. He grabs a boa, throw around his neck and exits. When he's gone, Tess's smile fades. IN THE CLUB, the place is empty. Jack is wiping down the cleaning up. He starts stacking some chairs in the house as..SEAN CROSSES the floor. SEAN (CONT'D)
81) 4) text: Who's the sucker? All eyes turn to Ali. She's saved by Tess entering. TESS
81) 5) text: Coco-puff, shake a leg, you're on in five, Georgie-Girl, Ali-Cat -- move, move, move -- Tess exits. ALI
81) 8) text: Why doesn't Tess have a nickname for me? COCO
89) 0) text: Ali moves in sync with the Girls. Tess watches from the wings, pleased. ALI (CONT'D)
97) 0) text: Daredevils Missy and Kitten DeVille, in striped stockings corsets, and tons of cleavage, swing on a trapeze over th audience. Playing the comedy, grabbing each other in all right places. Classic Burlesque, unusually bawdy. Equally suggestive, funny, and skillful. Tess, all dolled-up, weaves through the tables, greeting, welcoming, reveling in the crowd. FIND Ali as she strides over to Marcus's booth. He stands hands her a glass of champagne. MARCUS
97) 5) text: Well-- I appreciate the kudos. (re: crowded room) And Tess appreciates the business. MARCUS
97) 6) text: This has NOTHING to do with Tess. This is about you. And me. ALI
98) 0) text: Sean grips the drink in his teeth as he bustles through t backstage, gathering costumes. He passes Tess going the o way. TESS
98) 2) text: 'bout time. These poor babies are begging for your glue-gun. Tess walks off with the armful of clothes, so happy, humm to herself, passes her OFFICE-- OPENS the door to SEE-- VINCE is sitting at her desk. He flinches at the sight of TESS
99) 0) text: Tess, pissed off, carries the damaged costumes out to her car. Nikki is behind her, following her out. NIKKI
99) 1) text: Tess. We need to talk. Tess rolls her eyes, doesn't slow. TESS
99) 3) text: Yes, now. I've been here since the beginning. We built this club together. And then some girl shows up out of nowhere-- who hasn't even paid her dues-- TESS
99) 5) text: And suddenly it's her show? TESS
99) 7) text: I can sing too! And you know it. But you don't give a shit. You always say this is a dance troupe, now suddenly it's not? TESS NIKKI--    
99) 9) text: And you expect me to dance behind a girl who struts in with a new pair of shoes she got for sleeping with Marcus Gerber? TESS
99) 11) text: I won't be upstaged by some slut with mutant lungs! Tess hurls the costumes in the trunk of her car, furious. TESS
99) 13) text: You'd destroy our friendship and break up the group over some girl you barely know? TESS
99) 15) text: Okay, then. I quit! Nikki stomps off. Tess sighs -- TESS NIKKI-- WAIT-- NIKKI
99) 20) text: By the way: I slept with Vince the day after your honeymoon. Tess's eyes narrow. She grabs a HIGH-HEELED PUMP and HURL it. It flies through the air and hits Nikki in the back o the head. Nikki SCREAMS, whips around, incredulous, to se TESS, running right at her. Nikki bolts, heading for her car. She jumps in, locks the door just as Tess SMASHES he fist on the window and KICKS the door. Nikki starts the c NIKKI (CONT'D)
99) 21) text: You crazy bitch! Nikki screeches off, leaving Tess alone in the parking lo Tess stands there a moment, then HEADS back into the club
100) 0) text: The club is totally empty. Everyone is gone. Tess ENTERS, GRABS her bag as she spots a cabaret chair lying on it's on stage. She crosses onto the stage. Picks up the chair as...
100) 2) text: Night, Dave. Dave FLIPS a big lever, and almost all the lights go OUT, leaving one shaft of light across the stage. We HEAR Dave leave, as the street door closes shut. Tess alone on stag BEGIN TESS SOLO SONG NUMBER. TO BE WRITTEN.
104) 0) text: CLOSE ON: A DIAMOND RING as it's placed on the hand of A VERY PREGNANT GEORGIA. Wearing an adorable mini-skirt maternity wedding dress. She looks at DAMON with devotion Ali, Tess, Coco, Sean and Jack, all watching the ceremony Ali looks over at Jack. He looks at her, then away.
105) 0) text: The reception is underway. GUESTS are drinking, dancing w the iconic backdrop of Hollywood behind them. Ali, Sean, Coco and Tess stand together drinking, overlooking the ci ACROSS THE TERRACE, Jack is talking on his cell phone. JACK
124) 11) text: Does Tess know about this? MARCUS
124) 12) text: What Tess knows and doesn't know isn't a big concern of mine. ALI
124) 18) text: Not personal? It's pretty god damn personal for Tess! And Coco and Sean and Alexis. And what about Jesse? And Dave the lighting guy? MARCUS ALI -- ALI
126) 0) text: Tess pulls into the lot-- gets out of her car dressed to nines in a tailored business suit, hair up, professional. HEADS into the club--
127) 24) text: What are you gonna do? TESS
127) 25) text: Right now? Get really drunk. THE FRONT DOORS OPEN, and Ali ENTERS, spots Tess, rushes to her. ALI
127) 26) text: Tess! I have to talk to you! Tess keeps walking. ALI (CONT'D)
127) 27) text: Marcus Gerber is trying to buy the lounge, and he's gonna tear it down and build a twenty-story skyscraper! Tess stops. Slowly turns and stares at Ali, who's suddenl embarrassed to admit... ALI (CONT'D)
127) 28) text: I just saw the plans. Tess looks at Ali. Stunned. Ali stands there, breathless, waiting for her reaction. But Tess just turns, continues to her office, and shuts the door. Ali turns to Sean-- th starts after her-- ALI (CONT'D)
129) 0) text: Ali enters just as Tess, in a spotlight on stage, turns toward the audience. She looks fabulous. Only someone who knows her really well could tell she's dying inside. TESS
129) 1) text: Smoother than honey and twice as sweet. Each girl lovelier then the next. Gentlemen, hold onto your hats. Ladies, hold on to your gentlemen. We may not have windows.. .but we DO have... (motions to the girls) .the best view on the Sunset Strip. The audience hoots as the Burlesque Girls ENTER the stage dancing. (SONG TBD) ON ALI-- a lightbulb going on! As Tess exits the stage, A pushes through the crowd and races backstage.    
130) 0) text: Tess is arriving in her office, defeated, as Ali bursts i behind her. ALI
130) 1) text: Tess! TESS
130) 3) text: But this is really, really -- Tess holds up a hand. TESS
130) 4) text: Not. Now. ALI BUT-- TESS
130) 6) text: Yes now! God damn, you are one stubborn mule of a woman. Anyone else in their right mind would have figured out by now, when I have something to tell you, you listen! I told you I could dance, did you listen? No. Big mistake. I told you I could sing, did you listen? No. Big. mistake. This time you are going to hear what I have to say if I have to tie you up with your corset strings and scream it in your God damn ear. For the first time someone silences Tess. Ali takes a bre ALI (CONT'D)
131) 0) text: TWO SETS OF FIERCE HEELS and LEGS stride in unison down a sidewalk. PAN UP as Tess and Ali enter:    
132) 0) text: A smartly-dressed BUSINESSMAN sits at his mahogany desk d in a phone conversation as WHAM! The door to his office flies open and Ali and Tess stride in, an overwrought assistant on their heels. BUSINESSMAN (INTO PHONE)
132) 1) text: Jim -- Jim -- hang on, I'm gonna have to call you back -- Jim! Damnit, Nancy, get him back. Assistant scurries out. Businessman turns to Tess. BUSINESSMAN (CONT'D)
132) 2) text: Back with more noise complaints? TESS
132) 4) text: And now you've changed your mind. TESS
132) 5) text: Not exactly. Tess smiles at him. Looks at Ali, who's not smiling. She elbows her. Ali starts smiling. Tess walks up to the desk sits herself down. Ali does the same. BUSINESSMAN
132) 6) text: I'm confused. TESS
132) 8) text: They start at one million and go up, depending on the view. TESS
132) 12) text: Ten stories would. Twenty would decimate them. Leaving behind a lot of angry homeowners staring across the street at fluorescent light bulbs and dirty windows. TESS
132) 14) text: Anderson. TESS
132) 16) text: Trying to sell-- TESS
132) 19) text: I'm listening. TESS
133) 5) text: You can't do that. TESS
133) 7) text: In the next 48 hours? TESS
133) 9) text: What the hell is this? TESS
133) 11) text: Where'd you get this? TESS
133) 13) text: I'm sure you know where the door is. It used to be half yours. (re. the waitress) And take HER with you. Tess turns and goes over to the bar, where Ali spins arou on her barstool, having heard the whole thing. ALI
133) 14) text: How'd that feel? TESS
133) 18) text: And to think, you didn't even want me around. TESS
133) 20) text: .What was it you said to me that first night? "Twenty bucks at the door will make all your dreams come true." That was sweet of you. TESS
133) 22) text: (loving needling her) Kinda ironic, when you think about it. I started off begging you to make my dreams come true, and here we are -- TESS
133) 23) text: All right already! You want me to say it, I'll say it. She looks at her. TESS (CONT'D)
133) 25) text: Thank you. A moment between them... as Tess SPOTS NIKKI ENTER the cl carrying her dance bag--a little fresher than we've seen before, and sober. Nikki looks over at Tess... then approaches. Ali turns away on her bar stool, respectfully    
133) 27) text: I crossed the line. Tess crosses her arms, and with a smirk on her face-- TESS
133) 29) text: Again, and I wanna come home-- TESS AGAIN-- NIKKI
133) 30) text: Yes, again! Did you fill my spot or what...? TESS
133) 31) text: What do you think? Tess and Nikki share a look. TESS (CONT'D)
133) 33) text: Ali looks at Tess quizzically-- ALI
133) 34) text: Just like that? TESS
133) 36) text: Really? TESS
133) 38) text: I never had a sister. TESS
133) 41) text: Now get your cute little ass and big ole' voice up on stage, cause this is Burlesque, baby girl, where the women are always on top, and the men like it that way. Like I've always said -- ALI/TESS
134) 0) text: A SPOTLIGHT. MOVING down the smoke-filled shaft of light A FIGURE RISES into view at the back of the stage. Over t contemporary BEAT, we HEAR a beautiful classic opera (Carmen?) REVEAL...it's NIKKI! She sings a line or two in amazing operatic voice that totally blows us away. Then . DANCE BEAT KICKS IN as COCO comes into view, and sings another line. Then Jessie. Then Scarlett. And FINALLY... Ali RISES into view, wearing a diamond studded Gaultier-t harness top and sequined hot-pants. This song (to be writ is a contemporary dance song about BURLESQUE with a vinta feel to it. Nikki and the Burlesque Girls, in similar costumes, back Ali as she SINGS her big finale. CAMERA MO through the packed house as we SEE Georgia, Sean, Mark (t DJ) and Tess, who double-takes at MR. ANDERSON (the Businessman) who sees her and smiles. ON STAGE, ALI and the entire company explode in a surreal whirl of dancing. Turning. Kicking. Arched backs. Legs overhead. Rhinestones. Garters. Fishnets. The entire comp band and bartenders join in an all out BOLLYWOOD FINALE. 