0) 9) dialog: (smiles)
0) 10) text: You thinking what I'm thinking? Stoney tosses the high tech equipment over his shoulder a the condom as Adrienne rips her clothes off.
0) 12) dialog: (breathless)
4) 0) text: YLLO and the others climb down a rusted ladder. Metallic graffiti, cluttered floors. No Stoney or Adrienne. A sign ceiling states - CRYSTAL LAKE RESEARCH FACILITY. They all take off the goggles and masks. The rest of the of DELONGPRE(18) good looking, smart ass; JANESSA(17) sex AZRAEL(17) SMALL, COCKY; KKINSA(16), insecure, problemati THORGAN(17), a nerd but doesn't know it.
4) 25) text: Adrienne! Stoney! Yllo rushes past the corpse. The others reluctantly follo another hanging sign - Danger - THEY PASS ANOTHER CORPSE FLOOR, it's torso separated from it's legs. And this is j beginning. As they move down the corridor there are bodie
4) 33) dialog: You gotta see this! They turn down the right corridor, passing beneath ceilin a jumbled mess of jagged metal.
4) 38) dialog: Check it out. With a smirk, Adrienne wipes the condensation from the sm the door. Drawn from the inside, in blood, is a final war
4) 41) dialog: Look beyond it, yesterday's news. Yllo pushes his way to the window. Shocked faces. INSIDE the blue tinted room we see a huge domed Cryo cyli massive, but our attention is pulled to the corner of the up into a ball, is a body - female, young.
6) 44) dialog: Oh Gawd! I wish it would stop doing that. At her feet, Azrael's arm twitches spastically.
8) 9) dialog: Here. Dumbass. She hands him the severed limb as they race up the ramp. The door closed, the SHUTTLE LIFTS OFF THE GROUND and soa sky.
13) 3) dialog: Yllo, this is my find. My project. I want to be in here.
13) 5) dialog: But, I want . . .
14) 0) text: Adrienne and Stoney push Jason into the lab. LAB TWO is smaller and less high-tech than LAB one. They body onto the EXAM TABLE. 
14) 1) dialog: Fucking Yllo! Thinks he can push me aside. This is my find! She removes chucks of ice from JASON'S FACE.
14) 3) dialog: Oh thanks . . . fine go. It's just another dissection. You'll only get in my way.
15) 19) dialog: Done. Crystallization remains seventeen percent.
16) 0) text: Adrienne scans Jason with a machine identical to the one using in LAB ONE.
16) 2) dialog: Put it on the screen. A monitor lights up with a scan of Jason's body. The inte distorted and bloated. She keys into the next lab.  Back to lab one.
16) 3) dialog: (over speaker)
16) 5) dialog: Look at the brain. Within Jason's skull is a brain the size of a golf-ball.
18) 0) text: Adrienne is prepping various medical tools. JASON'S BODY autopsy table. Steam rises from his body as thick ooze dr thawing flesh. She turns on a computer monitor.
18) 1) dialog: Prepare organ vats. Two metal sinks hiss as liquid nitrogen flows.
18) 2) dialog: Okay big boy . . .  She picks up a long, sharp chrome tool and walks over to
18) 3) dialog: (continuing)
21) 0) text: Adrienne leans over JASON'S THAWING body. Oozing goo drip slab. She is inches away from his steaming mask. She taps it wi She begins working at the straps of the mask, cutting the flesh away.
25) 0) text: CLOSE ON JASON'S HAND - it curls, the frozen joints CRACK Adrienne turns from Jason's mask. A large wad of goo hits turns back to her work. Slicing flesh away from the mask.
27) 0) text: Adrienne tries to pry the Mask off . . . but it holds fir She stick s a long sharp tool into an eye hole. We hear d noises as she probes JASON'S EYE SOCKET. She removes the tool, and on the end is Jason's eye! Holding it close she looks at it. It is bloated and disto it in a specimen jar and takes it over to her work statio
29) 2) dialog: Interesting. Record. Thawing has caused possible muscle spasms. She frowns at the disgusting ooze. A mixture of swamp wat other thawing bodily fluids, puddle around Jason's body. She moves back to her work station and picks up JASON'S B takes out an autopsy laser and cuts through the center of The laser slices through the fatty tissue as thick black of the eye. Adrienne stares into a microscope. This is al interesting.
31) 0) text: JASON sits up! CLOSE on ADRIENNE as she studies the dripping eye. She pu down and turns to the slab and freezes.
33) 0) text: Adrienne is thrown into a work light. The room goes dark.
35) 0) text: The lights go. Thorgan looks around. Through the thick gl JASON is killing Adrienne, is blackness.
45) 0) text: The others enter to find Rizzo leaning over Adrienne's he