0) 7) dialog: (reading)
0) 10) text: You thinking what I'm thinking? Stoney tosses the high tech equipment over his shoulder a the condom as Adrienne rips her clothes off.
0) 13) text: What about Kkinsa? STONEY is desperately trying to take off her bra.
0) 14) dialog: It's over between us. You're the only one for me!
1) 1) dialog: You okay? Adrienne sits up, shines her light down the long metal co turns her light on STONEY then sees something over his sh SHE SCREAMS A BLOOD CURDLING SCREAM. We PULL BACK, out of the tunnel, through the van as the s storm drown out ADRIENNE'S SCREAM.
4) 0) text: YLLO and the others climb down a rusted ladder. Metallic graffiti, cluttered floors. No Stoney or Adrienne. A sign ceiling states - CRYSTAL LAKE RESEARCH FACILITY. They all take off the goggles and masks. The rest of the of DELONGPRE(18) good looking, smart ass; JANESSA(17) sex AZRAEL(17) SMALL, COCKY; KKINSA(16), insecure, problemati THORGAN(17), a nerd but doesn't know it.
4) 25) text: Adrienne! Stoney! Yllo rushes past the corpse. The others reluctantly follo another hanging sign - Danger - THEY PASS ANOTHER CORPSE FLOOR, it's torso separated from it's legs. And this is j beginning. As they move down the corridor there are bodie
14) 0) text: Adrienne and Stoney push Jason into the lab. LAB TWO is smaller and less high-tech than LAB one. They body onto the EXAM TABLE. 
14) 2) dialog: You know even though we both found this guy , I'll let you take the credits. You can take it  from here.
14) 4) dialog: Cool. Besides, you're into this shit. Stoney leaves Adrienne alone with Jason . . . and he is T
15) 9) dialog: Well she's definitely a blond.
17) 0) text: The door swishes open. Stoney enters with Kkinsa close be raises her hand.
17) 2) dialog: You're jealous. Stoney moves back. Kkinsa moves close hand raises above h
17) 4) dialog: It's over between us. You're the one I want. Kkinsa grabs the back of her shirt and pulls it over her
24) 0) text: Kkinsa rips off Stoney's shirt. Stoney grab her and rolls
26) 0) text: Stoney and Kkinsa kiss passionately as they wrestle to ge pants off.
28) 0) text: Kkinsa rolls on top of Stoney. She holds his arms down as in his ear.
30) 0) text: Stoney lies on top of Kkinsa.
38) 0) text: Kkinsa straddles Stoney.
38) 4) dialog: Hell yeah I'm coming!
38) 7) dialog: 
38) 11) dialog: 