0) 73) dialog: Salvador who?
0) 75) dialog: (Puzzled) What are you doing here?
0) 77) dialog: About what?
0) 79) dialog: Can I get you anything?
0) 81) dialog: I was making some tea.
0) 86) dialog: Will you just tell me why you’ve come to see me after 32 years? He gives him a cup of tea, he has another in his hand.
0) 88) dialog: Don’t they know we haven’t spoken since the shoot? They go over to a couch and a table. Near an ash tray there is a metal cannula for sniffing any kind of substance. Salvador looks at the object, but doesn’t remark on it.
0) 91) dialog: And why do you want us to present it together now?
0) 93) dialog: Because you forbade me! Salvador speaks with a certain ironic insolence, a little on the defensive.
0) 95) dialog: Who gave you my address?
0) 97) dialog: Listen, I’m going to chase the dragon. If the sight disgusts you, you can leave. We’ll talk on the phone about the Cinematheque.
0) 99) dialog: I don’t recognize you, Salvador. Alberto distributes the dark powder over a piece of aluminum foil. He is about to light it from underneath. Before helping him with the lighter flame, he rectifies:
0) 100) dialog: Is it your first time?
0) 102) dialog: And why do you want to try heroin at this stage?
0) 104) dialog: I bet you’re doing research for something. Alberto inhales the smoke coming from the aluminum foil. Salvador does likewise and falls into a daze. Cut. 19. EL ESCORIAL. ALBERTO’S STUDIO. EXT. DAY. Close-up of Salvador in Alberto’s house, very drowsy from the effect of the heroin he has just smoked. Alberto checks on him and makes sure he’s breathing properly. He leaves him lying on the lounger.
0) 105) dialog: Are you all right? Salvador nods. Over the close-up of Salvador we hear his mother’s voice calling him.
0) 122) text: Salvador opens his eyes, he hears the murmur of the breeze in the trees. Alberto touches his cheek and wakes him.
0) 123) dialog: Are you all right? Salvador half opens his eyes and murmurs affirmatively. He closes his eyes again. His pleasant expression shows that he is still evoking the memory of the journey to Paterna.
0) 154) dialog: I’ve already started thinking about my outfit. We’1ll talk on the phone before. Salvador holds out his hand to say goodbye.
0) 155) dialog: Can’t we exchange a kiss, like old friends? We even chased the peace dragon. Salvador accedes, he barely brushes the other’s cheek. And he gets into the car with difficulty while Alberto watches. 29. SALVADOR’S HOUSE. INT. NIGHT. On the way back, night has fallen. Salvador comes into his house. On a sideboard near the door he finds a note from Maya, his maid. “Miss Mercedes rang. Call her as soon as you can.” 30. SALVADOR’S HOUSE. INT. NIGHT. Salvador takes his phone from his pocket and calls Mercedes’ number.
0) 169) dialog: Weren’t you going to open the door?
0) 171) dialog: Do you want me to go away?
0) 173) dialog: Do you live like this, in darkness?
0) 175) dialog: Poor thing! But you’ve got one hell of a house! They go up to the two paintings by Sigfrido Martin Begué, on the rug.
0) 177) dialog: Any liquor. We stay with Alberto looking at the paintings. He starts to hear some dreadful coughing coming from the kitchen. Salvador is gasping for air, his face is red, his coughs are becoming deeper. Alberto comes into the kitchen and goes to help him. Something must have gone down the wrong way.
0) 178) dialog: Breathe through your nose. Salvador gradually starts to breathe normally again. His face is red, his eyes are watering, it was a very bad choking spell. Salvador had already taken out the bottle and glasses and left them on the center table.
0) 180) dialog: Here, drink it slowly. You scared me! I thought you were going to choke to death.
0) 182) dialog: Listen, about the Cinematheque, were you serious?
0) 185) dialog: The films were projected on an enormous, whitewashed wall. (In his imagination, Alberto goes up to the white screen that represents the white wall in the form of a rectangle.)
0) 186) dialog: I particularly remember the films in which there was water: waterfalls, beaches, the bottom of the sea, rivers or springs. The screen is filled with different landscapes with moving water. It ends with a scene by a river, intense colors shot “day for night” in Splendor in the Grass the film by Elia Kazan. Alberto points to one end and the other of the whitewashed rectangle, that is, to the left and right of the base of the screen.
0) 187) text: Just hearing the sound of running water gave all the kids a tremendous desire to urinate and we’d do it right there, on both sides of the screen. In the cinema of my childhood it always smells of piss and jasmine, and of the summer breeze. (In the scene by the river Nathalie Wood runs along the riverbank in a red dress and high heels. Marilyn Monroe also appears for a moment, singing Kiss in Niagara.) 40. SALVADOR’S HOUSE. INT. NIGHT. Insert occasional close-ups of a groggy Salvador on the couch, which will help do ellipses in the reading. It gives the impression that what Alberto is reading (and which he imagines performing) is being dreamed by Salvador. Cut. 41. SALVADOR’S HOUSE. INT. NIGHT. Alberto finishes reading Salvador’s text. He turns his head and looks over at the couch where the author is vegetating. He has just opened his eyes. He starts to waken slowly and heavily, distant, expressionless. Without a headache. For a few moments neither says anything.
0) 189) dialog: Reading you. I’ve just read Addiction.
0) 191) dialog: I had to do something. You were groggy. Cut. 42. SALVADOR’S HOUSE. KITCHEN. INT. NIGHT. On the table there is a tray with an untouched meal. Alberto picks a little at the food.
0) 192) dialog: May I?
0) 194) dialog: (Sincere, enthusiastic) Listen, the story really knocked me out. Salvador isn’t interested in the subject.
0) 196) dialog: Well, whatever it is, it could be staged just as it is. Salvador rejects the idea. He speaks with the distance that heroin gives. This isn’t the case with Alberto, he’s more used to it.
0) 198) dialog: It doesn’t matter, I could perform it, I really know what it’s talking about.
0) 200) dialog: You forget that I’m an actor and that I suffer very well. Salvador looks at him without saying anything. Cut. 43. SALVADOR’S HOUSE. TERRACE. (CONT’D.) Salvador lies on a lounger and Alberto sits on a hassock, leaning back against the wall. The large terrace is full of flowerpots with different plants.
0) 201) dialog: (Begging) I need to act again. I came down from my pedestal a long time ago, eh? I’m in touch with the Sala Mirador. I know it’s a small venue, very “off”. We’re putting on Cocteau’s Le bel indifférent, with men, to give it that touch. But, to be honest, I’d much rather do your text. Why don’t you give me a copy and I’1l show it to the people at the Mirador?
0) 203) dialog: I don’t understand. Why did you write it?
0) 206) dialog: I’m not a dealer. He takes the paper from his pocket.
0) 207) dialog: I’ll give it to you, but use it with discretion. These late discoveries are the worst. Think about what I said about’ the Mirador. Is your headache gone?
0) 209) dialog: You see? On the landing he walks to the elevator. Cut. 44. CINEMATHEQUE. SCREENING ROOM. INT. NIGHT. Applause. The end credits appear on the cinema screen. We hear the final theme music. The audience continues applauding. The screening room is full, a very varied audience. Many young spectators who hadn’t even been born when the film was made. Mercedes is among them, excited and moved by the screening and by _ the audience’s reaction. She looks at her watch uneasily. With the lights still out, in the area nearest the stage, the director of the Cinematheque is murmuring with two employees who are asking him something. This must be seen from Mercedes’ point of view: the director tells them to put three chairs in front of the seats on the main floor, on a little dais on which there is only the microphone on a stand with which he presented the film. Mercedes, curious, watches them from her seat. The director, looking worried, walks along the central aisle to the door of the screening room, separated by red curtains. The stage curtains are a bluish grey. The director looks nervous, he has his cell phone in his hand, like a appendix of himself. He stops by the red curtains. Mercedes goes up to him, they obviously know each other. As they talk, they walk to the other door, which leads to a large café with tables, a bar and lots of film posters on the walls (classics of Spanish and foreign cinema, among the former we see the posters for Arrebato, El sur, Peppermint Frappé, Casa Flora, Furtivos, Viridiana, El espiritu de la colmena, Bilbao, Magical Girl, Tras el cristal, La Dama de Beirut, Placido, Atraco a las tres, Tesis, Muerte de un ciclista, Tristana, El extrafio viaje, Bienvenido Mr. Marshall, El pico or Duerme, duerme, mi amor). Near the door there are two easels showing two posters advertising the season that includes Salvador’s film: Madrid and the cinema.
0) 219) dialog: Yes. I can’t believe it! You organize all this fuss and then you don’t go! You don’t know how much it cost me to borrow this jacket! Salvador takes the phone and puts it in his pocket. He leaves the bathroom, followed by Alberto. 46. SALVADOR’S HOUSE. INT. NIGHT. They go into the kitchen.
0) 221) dialog: How can I go on my own?
0) 223) dialog: See you how? (We’re not going to a beauty contest, it’s a fucking
0) 226) dialog: Once you step on the stage, you’ll be in control. With what you've been!
0) 240) text: This is a question for the film’s director. What do you think of Alberto Crespo’s performance in the film? There are people who say you weren’t happy with it and that’s why you grew apart. Alberto and Salvador exchange glances.
0) 248) dialog: (Furious) How dare you! He grabs him by his shirt front and is about to punch him. Salvador takes a deep breath. Serious.
0) 250) dialog: Be careful with me, eh? I won’t let you humiliate me again! Who do you think you are? He goes to the door.
0) 252) dialog: You’re fucking crazy! And he leaves the house. 51. SALVADOR’S HOUSE. BEDROOM. INT. NIGHT. Salvador leaves six tablets of different colors and sizes on top of the chest of drawers. When he takes one out of the blister pack (tryptizol, for example) it rolls along the top and falls to the floor. There are no more in the blister. Alberto takes a pillow from the bed and throws it on the floor. He kneels down on the pillow and picks up the tablet. He crushes the tablets with a metal lighter. When he has reduced them to powder he pours this into a glass of water. And he drinks it. He goes to bed, he does breathing exercises. 52. SALVADOR’S HOUSE. MERCEDES AND MAYA IN THE
0) 380) dialog: Who is it?
0) 382) dialog: Go away! Salvador buzzes again. Cut. 71. EL ESCORIAL. ALBERTO’S STREET. FRONT DOOR. (CONT’D) Alberto appears at the far end of the path leading to the gate. He sees Salvador on the other side of the bars, with a leather briefcase in his hand.
0) 383) dialog: If you don’t go away, I’1l1 call the police!
0) 385) dialog: I don’t believe you! Go away! I’m busy!
0) 387) dialog: If this is a trick, you’re going to leave here in worse shape than you’re in now! As they walk to the kitchen, Alberto looks at him and sees that Salvador has deteriorated.
0) 388) dialog: What’s going on? Are you on hunger strike?
0) 391) dialog: Yes, but I’ve got lots of doubts. The text is beautiful but it’s outdated now. If you really give me Addiction, I’ll go full out on it. I’d have to inform the people at the Mirador, of course. Salvador opens his briefcase and takes out a block of pages stapled together: the text of Addiction. He hands it to Alberto.
0) 393) dialog: Why the change of heart?
0) 394) text: (He doesn’t answer the question.) I’ve made a few changes to the text, bearing in mind that it’s going to be spoken on a stage, and I’ll tell you more if you invite me to a coffee. Alberto still can’t believe it. He starts preparing a Nespresso coffee.
0) 395) dialog: Anything else?
0) 397) dialog: Very well. Will you direct me?
0) 399) dialog: That would help.
0) 401) dialog: So who’s the author?
0) 403) dialog: (Puzzled) No, no! I’1ll sign it! But I don’t understand...
0) 405) dialog: 
0) 408) dialog: I know exactly what to do with my arms and legs.
0) 410) dialog: Don’t worry, I can do melodrama. My years in Mexico will come in handy. They sit on opposite sides of the desk. 74. EL ESCORIAL. ALBERTO’S STUDIO. KITCHEN.INT. DAY. (CONT’ D)
0) 412) dialog: Let me give you a kiss! He takes Salvador’s face in his hands and gives him a friendly kiss on the lips, a kiss of gratitude. Salvador, motionless, lets him do it. Alberto goes back to his seat across from Salvador and dives into the text of Addiction with urgency. Without taking his eyes off the text:
0) 413) dialog: I’m going to start working now, if you don’t mind. You can stay, if you like, make yourself at home. (He points to the social area, the couch and a table covered with magazines.) By the way, I’ve got a pile of magazines from the 80s, you’re in some of them, dressed as a woman. Salvador smiles and shrugs.
0) 414) dialog: You soon forgot those times.
0) 416) dialog: You don’t have to. They bring it to your house now, like pizza. Alberto opens a drawer and hands him the material, the whole set. 75. EL ESCORIAL. ALBERTO’S STUDIO. INT. DAY. (CONT’D) Salvador lights the foil, inhales the smoke and offers it to Alberto. Without interrupting his reading of the text, Alberto shakes his head.
0) 417) dialog: No. Not yet.
0) 419) dialog: I’m reducing the doses, just enough so I can work.
0) 422) dialog: Going in and out. It’s slavery. But this piece is vital for me, and I have to do it as cleanly as I can. I don’t want to lose one iota of the emotion you’ve put into these pages. Salvador is pensive and he’s feeling the effect of the drug. He thinks of the emotion, the pain and the frustration he put down on those pages, and he doesn’t understand what it is that attracts Alberto so much.
0) 423) dialog: Will you come and see me?
0) 425) dialog: This time I’m not doing Shakespeare or Chekhov or Lorca. I’m doing you.
0) 427) dialog: “The cinema of my childhood always smells of piss...
0) 429) dialog: and of the summer breeze.” Cut. 76. EL ESCORIAL. ALBERTO’S STUDIO. INT. DAY. In the social area, Alberto is dozing in a comfortable wing chair. Over his close-up we start to hear, with increasing volume, the long instrumental introduction to La vie en rose, in the disco version by Grace Jones. 77. SALA MIRADOR. INT. DAY. The interior of the Sala Mirador, the stage below facing an amphitheater of ten rows of seats. The images correspond to what Alberto imagines while he reads the text: a rehearsal without an audience. A theater employee in the background. We still hear La vie en rose. Alberto dances in front of the white screen. There is a large radio cassette on the floor. The room is empty. When the musical introduction ends, the actor turns off the radio cassette and continues with the monologue.
0) 430) dialog: I met Marcelo in a washroom full of people. It wasn’t the first time I’d seen him, but it was that night, after casually brushing against each other, when I discovered that I liked that boy. We spent the whole weekend in bed and, by the time I realized, a year had passed and we couldn’t live without each other. It was 1981, and Madrid was ours. Cut.
0) 432) dialog: One day I found Marcelo looking paler than usual. Recently he had lost weight and was drawn looking. I asked him if he wasn’t feeling well and he confessed that he’d started fooling around with heroin. I was surprised because I’d never taken it. I drank and I snorted cocaine, like everyone, but never heroin. I sensed that it wasn’t good and I didn’t like it. I was going flat out, I was writing a nighttime chronicle, I was participating in music programs. I prepared my first film, I shot it, it was released, it was a success, I wrote the second, I shot it. I was doing a thousand things, I wasn’t sleeping. Meanwhile Marcelo was languishing on the couch at home or shut away in the bathroom... 79. EMBAJADORES NEIGHBORHOOD. EXT. DAY. Federico is a man a little over 50, attractive. He observes everything he sees as he walks along with a nostalgic expression. He doesn’t seem like a tourist. In fact, he lived in Madrid a long time ago and he is looking at how the neighborhood has changed.
0) 433) dialog: «or out of the house, somewhere I didn’t know. He arrives at a building. He looks at it closely, at the windows. With his cell phone he takes a photo of the facade and of one specific window.
0) 434) dialog: I'd spend the night coming and going to the window, always listening for the sound of the door. Federico passes next to an alternative theater, the Sala Mirador. It didn’t exist when he lived on that street. He looks at the posters announcing the work that is being staged, Addiction, by Alberto Crespo, and also performed by him. Federico knows him, something to do with a past in Madrid which the spectator doesn’t know for the moment. He looks at his watch, the performance is starting in fifteen minutes and it’s very short. 80. SALA MIRADOR. INT. DAY. The theater, a very intimate place, about 150 seats, is packed. Although we only see Alberto, we sense that the audience fills the theater. We hear him breathing. On the stage, there is now a chair (a very light one) and the general shot is more balanced, otherwise it would seem that the screen is floating in space.
0) 435) dialog: Madrid had become a difficult bullring, as bullfighting fans say, so we traveled continuously anything so as to get out of Madrid. The first days were the worst. While Marcelo was recovering from withdrawal symptoms, I looked after him and wrote. I don’t know how, but I wrote. Marcelo was very young, the symptoms didn’t last long, three or four days. Then we’d go out on the street and have fun, like children. In the stalls, Federico, amazed, is watching closely what is happening on the stage. 81. SALA MIRADOR. INT. NIGHT.
0) 436) dialog: (Evoking) I remember the Ivory Coast. Dozens of muscular, young men, washing clothes in the river on wheel rims, and spreading them on the grass. Photos are projected on the screen, illustrating the text.
0) 437) dialog: I remember the Malecon in Havana, by day and night. The women at the windows of peeling buildings, with magnificent pillars holding up decades of scarcity and joy of living. Old Havana, beating softly to the rhythm of unceasing percussions. Images and the corresponding sound. And among the spectators, Federico, captivated and astonished. Very involved in the content of the monologue.
0) 438) dialog: I. remember Mexico City. Marcelo and I in the hotel room, drunk on tequila, listening to Chavela Vargas singing The Night of my Love. The voice of Chavela Vargas resounds in the space, the theater is too small for it. The spectators listen to it, paralyzed, so does the actor, as if the song has taken them all by surprise. “I want the joy of a ship returning, And a thousand bells of glory pealing To toast the night of my love”. Suddenly Alberto gestures to the stage manager to interrupt the song, as if he doesn’t have the strength to hold back the flood of tears caused by Chavela’s voice. The spectator can’t know if that gesture is the result of improvisation or if it’s been rehearsed beforehand. Impossible to know, but the effect increases the emotion of the piece. In the audience, Federico gets a lump in his throat. He can’t hold back his tears. 82. SALA MIRADOR. INT. NIGHT. Sitting on the chair, huddled up, tormented, in a soft voice.
0) 439) dialog: Those journeys, the only reason for which was to escape from Madrid, to escape from heroin, became my best school. On those journeys I found inspiration for the stories I would tell years later and the colors that would illuminate them. But we couldn’t spend our lives traveling. Sooner or later we had to go back to Madrid. And Madrid Cut. 83. Alberto gets up, was a dead end street, a minefield. SALA MIRADOR. INT. NIGHT. he brings the chair over to the front row to speak more intimately to the spectators. He moves again to one edge of the screen. 84. Alberto,
0) 440) dialog: I was desperate, I didn’t know what to do, except repeat myself. We both repeated ourselves for three long years. I believed that the strength of my love would overcome his addiction. But it wasn’t so. Love isn’t enough. Love may move mountains but it isn’t enough to save the person you love. SALA MIRADOR. INT. NIGHT. split in two by the light that outlines and projects his shadow on the white screen. The image recalls the beginning of the monologue. edges of the screen. The lights goes out,
0) 441) dialog: Under the whitewashed wall where the films of my childhood were projected, I prayed that nothing would happen to the leading ladies, but I didn’t succeed, neither with Nathalie Wood nor with Marilyn. Then I tried to save Marcelo and save myself. If Marcelo was saved it was far from me. And as for me.. I stayed in Madrid. And the cinema saved me. very intense light. 85. He touches the only the white screen gives off a SALA MIRADOR. ALBERTO’S DRESSING ROOM. INT. NIGHT. Federico knocks on the door of Alberto’s dressing room.
0) 442) text: Come in. Federico opens the door and goes in. Alberto and the visitor study each other mutually. In the light of the dressing room Alberto seems different, calm, tired. He speaks with the calmness of someone who feels realized. The two men have been affected by the performance, both the actor and the spectator and virtual co-protagonist.
0) 444) dialog: Hello. Do we know each other?
0) 446) dialog: I don’t remember you.
0) 448) dialog: I don’t remember.
0) 450) dialog: Did you like it?
0) 452) dialog: Sit down. I imagine you want to ask me some questions. Federico doesn’t sit down.
0) 455) dialog: A full house. It’s a pity the theater is so small.
0) 459) dialog: I’ll tell you if you promise to come and see me in the theater.
0) 461) dialog: Federico.
0) 463) dialog: Federico Delgado. Your Marcelo, he came to see me in the dressing room. Silence. Cut. 88.
0) 465) dialog: Every word. He asked for your number and your address.
0) 467) dialog: No. I said nothing about you chasing dragons.