0) 276) dialog: He’s so young and look at how he’s reading! Salvador looks up from the book and smiles at the couple. When they’ve walked past, the girl turns to him.
0) 283) dialog: When can I learn, if I’m working all day!
0) 286) dialog: And a painter.
0) 289) dialog: (He nods.) Could you teach me maths too? Before his mother can answer, Salvador does it himself.
0) 294) dialog: It would have to be at weekends.
0) 296) dialog: 
0) 299) dialog: I wanted to do the walls first.
0) 301) dialog: Salvador gives me a lot of homework. I don’t have time. Jacinta looks at her son as if he were a stranger. Who can he have taken after? Even she is surprised that he behaves like a real teacher.
0) 303) dialog: 
0) 306) dialog: There’s a lot of letters.
0) 313) dialog: I’m a bit nervous.
0) 315) dialog: A lot.
0) 318) dialog: One Holy Catholic Apostolic. Who’s that?
2) 20) dialog: (Tapping the tiles gently so they stick to the wall) Hey, when’s your mother coming back?
2) 22) text: Don’t move... Salvador doesn’t move, he concentrates on the book, obedient. He doesn’t realize that his head is burning. Eduardo draws some lines on the brown paper. He pauses on the boy’s eyes. With rapid strokes he captures the oval of Salvador’s face, his uncombed hair, the bulrush chair, the flowerpots, the floor... During the process he gives instructions to Salvador, who obeys’ without objecting. The silence and Mina’s song create a very intimate atmosphere. When he finishes the first stage of the drawing, Eduardo gets up and shows it to Salvador.
2) 23) dialog: What do you think? The boy looks at the drawing.
2) 25) dialog: I still have to finish it. I’1ll take it home and do it. It’s the same drawing that Mercedes has just shown Salvador, printed on the invitation. Cut. 120. PATERNA. FAMILY CAVE. INT. DAY. Near the kitchen, on the floor, there is a basin full of water.
2) 26) dialog: Do you mind if I get washed? Look at the state I’m in. He hasn’t dirtied just his clothes with the building material, but also his arms, hands, etc. Salvador goes to his parents’ room and brings him a bar of soap.
2) 28) dialog: Thank you. Salvador doesn’t feel well. He goes to his room and lies down on the bed while Eduardo undresses. In the half light of the bedroom, Salvador’s cheeks, very red, gleam with sweat. Under the same overhead light which lit the child before, Eduardo, naked, pours water all over his body which gleams palely. He uses a plastic container for this. From his room, lying on the bed, Salvador listens perturbed to the dull sound of the water against the hydraulic tiles, after sliding over the builder’s naked body. When Eduardo finishes washing, he shouts to him:
2) 29) dialog: Salvador! Will you bring me a towel? The boy gets up from his little bed and goes to his parents’ room. He takes a towel from a pile of clean clothes piled up on two chairs. He goes out to the hallway and looks into the patio. Eduardo’s naked body is gleaming under the light from the skylight. Salvador drops the towel. He bends down to pick it up and when he tries to straighten up he feels dizzy and collapses on the floor. Cut. 121. PATERNA. FAMILY CAVE.BEDROOM. INT. DAY. Salvador lies on the bed. Eduardo is sitting at his side, on a low chair. He touches his cheeks and forehead, worried.
2) 30) dialog: You’re burning up! You must have got sunstroke. Eduardo’s body is damp, his hair is wet and his wet tee shirt is sticking to his torso. They hear the door. 122. PATERNA. FAMILY CAVE. INT. DAY. (CONT’D) It’s Jacinta, the mother. She comes in, laden with clothes to sew from the village’s pious woman, and a bag with some shopping. She drops it all on the floor, alarmed by what she sees, Salvador lying on the bed and Eduardo sitting next to him. From the door:
2) 32) dialog: He got a lot of sun. The mother comes into the room. Eduardo stands up. She looks at him, with the wet clothes clinging to his damp body. The mother doesn’t like the image of the two boys. That complicity. During the rest of the sequence, she is surly with Eduardo, as if she suspected something.
2) 37) dialog: I’d finished putting up the tiles in the kitchen and, as he fainted, I brought him here. I didn’t want to leave him on his own.
2) 44) dialog: I washed myself a bit. Jacinta goes over to the kitchen, takes a cloth and starts to soak it in vinegar. Reproachful:
2) 46) dialog: I was really dirty. I’1ll bring a basin and dry the floor.
2) 48) dialog: The tiles turned out very nice! The woman nods slightly.
2) 50) dialog: I’ll get the water. I won’t be long. Jacinta watches him leave, without changing her expression. She goes to Salvador’s bedroom, with the cloth soaked in vinegar. When she passes the builder’s table, she finds the drawing of Salvador sitting on the chair reading and surrounded by geraniums. She feels sick to her stomach. 124. HOSPITAL. RADIOLOGIST’S OFFICE. INT. DAY (THE
2) 68) dialog: Dear Salvador, I’m sending the drawing to your home because I don’t have the address of the school. I’m happy to be able to write to you. You taught me and I’m very grateful. I’m working now in Conchita’s uncle’s store and I’m good at numbers. All thanks to you. It’s nice here, but I miss life in the caves. And you, in particular. Every time I write I think of your hand guiding mine. I’m sure you’re learning a lot at school, reading lots of books and seeing lots of films. I’m giving you my address in Bilbao. Maybe you can write and tell me. Your pupil. (Signed) Eduardo. (Followed by an address in Bilbao). Salvador is touched by the dedication. Mercedes looks at him without saying anything. 127. SALVADOR’S HOUSE. INT. DAY. The drawing is part of the desk. We hear the song Come sinfonia sung by Mina. The same song as was playing on the transistor when Eduardo drew Salvador, fifty years before. From the start of this sequence we hear the sound of typing on a computer. Salvador is writing quickly, as if he were short of time. We see the title at the top of the document: THE FIRST DESIRE. As well as hearing Mina’s song, we see it, on the screen of Salvador’s cell phone, a YouTube video, in black and white, from that time. Mercedes comes into the study area. She seems him so deep in concentration that she doesn’t want to disturb him. She loves to see him writing. Salvador is writing very quickly on the computer. He looks at the clock.