0) 442) text: Come in. Federico opens the door and goes in. Alberto and the visitor study each other mutually. In the light of the dressing room Alberto seems different, calm, tired. He speaks with the calmness of someone who feels realized. The two men have been affected by the performance, both the actor and the spectator and virtual co-protagonist.
0) 443) dialog: Good evening. He doesn’t know how to begin.
0) 445) dialog: Yes. Alberto looks him up and down and likes him.
0) 447) dialog: It was a long time ago, when you were preparing Sabor, with Salvador Mallo. Alberto becomes aware of the situation. He hasn’t recognized the visitor but he knows who he is. He lies:
0) 449) dialog: We saw each other two or three times. I’m Federico, the Marcelo from your monologue.
0) 451) dialog: I don’t know. “Like” isn’t the word. It really affected me. Alberto offers him a chair across from him, next to the dressing table with make-up and in front of the mirror framed by light bulbs. Stuck in the edges of the mirror are lots of photos of Alberto, unrecognizable because of the respective make-up and costumes. Half of the space in the dressing room is taken up by a mixture of bits and pieces from the theater, remains of other plays. On the walls there is the poster for Taste and one for Hamlet in its theatrical version. Federico accepts the invitation and sits across from Alberto, who covers himself with a maroon colored dressing gown.
0) 453) dialog: Is Salvador alive? Alberto looks at him, thinking what to answer, and how far he can go with his answers. Cut. 86. STREETS AROUND THE THEATER. EXT. NIGHT. 87. SALVADOR’S HOUSE. BEDROOM. INT. NIGHT. Sequences 86 and 87 alternate. Alberto walks along the streets around the theater while he calls Salvador on his phone. He’s probably walking down the same street where Salvador lived with Federico. Salvador is lying in bed, reading. He sees that Alberto is calling him, he picks up the phone.
0) 469) dialog: Salvador?
0) 471) dialog: Is that you? I wouldn’t have recognized you. This is Federico.
0) 473) dialog: I’m in Madrid...
0) 475) dialog: I’ve come to see some lawyers, about an inheritance. I’m leaving tomorrow night.. and I’d like to see you...
0) 477) text: .But I was in bed. Do you mind if we meet tomorrow? 89. SALVADOR’S HOUSE. INT. NIGHT. 90. SALVADOR’ S HOUSE/FRONT DOOR. EXT. NIGHT. Sequences 89 and 90 alternate. Salvador is at the window that looks out on the street, next to the terrace. Out of the corner of his eye, he sees a man in the doorway of his building. He can’t make out his features, the man is talking on a cell phone. Salvador gets a lump in his throat. He doesn’t see him clearly, but he knows that it’s Federico (Marcelo in the monologue). Federico has had the delicacy to call on the phone before turning up at his house. That gesture touches him.
0) 478) dialog: Would midday suit you? I have a meeting in the afternoon with the lawyer.
0) 480) dialog: I haven’t asked, how are you?
0) 482) dialog: (Warmly) Five years older than me, not one more.
0) 484) dialog: (Relieved) Better now. When I left the theater I was devastated... I’ve been seeing Addiction. He says this as if he has just got through a very tough test.
0) 486) dialog: By chance, I went for a walk around the neighborhood, to take a look at our street. I was outside our house.
0) 489) dialog: I went in to pass the time and because I remembered Alberto Crespo from your film.
0) 491) dialog: Yes. Suddenly! Brief pause.
0) 492) dialog: (Honest, humble) I don’t know how to apologize. I never imagined how you were feeling, all that you suffered. Salvador looks at Federico in the darkness of the street while he listens to his confession over the phone: a man alone in the night, talking to the door of the building, with his back to the deserted street, asking him for forgiveness.
0) 494) dialog: What?
0) 496) dialog: And I’m grateful to you, and I’d like to able to prove it to you some day.
0) 498) dialog: Alright. 91. SALVADOR’S HOUSE. BEDROOM. INT. NIGHT. Salvador goes back to his bedroom. He opens the chest of drawers. He has hidden the paper of heroin at the back, camouflaged among the medicines, perhaps it’s in a cassette tape. He prepares a little line of heroin on top of the chest of drawers. He hesitates, he thinks about what he’s doing. He thinks better of it and ends up blowing the line away, its contents hang in the air for an instant and disintegrate before they reach the floor. He chooses the clothes he’s going to wear. A shirt and pants. He puts them on the bed. Cut. He’s dressed now. He puts on some loafers with the help of a shoehorn some 30 inches long that saves him from having to bend forward. 92. SALVADOR’S HOUSE. INT. NIGHT. The house is in semi-darkness, as usual. In any case, there is more light than when Alberto came. Low lights. Only the paintings have their own directional light. The entry phone buzzes. 93. SALVADOR’S HOUSE. KITCHEN. INT. NIGHT. We hear the buzz of the entry phone. Empty kitchen. Salvador comes in, dressed, and presses the button on the entry phone. Then he goes out to open the door, nervous, impatient, excited, uncertain. 94. SALVADOR’S HOUSE. LANDING/DOOR/ELEVATOR. INT.
0) 501) dialog: Yes. It’s a way of apologizing.
0) 502) dialog: Would you have recognized me if you'd seen me in the street?
0) 504) dialog: I’m sorry I got you out of bed. Salvador shakes his head, making light of it. Cut. 96. SALVADOR’S HOUSE. KITCHEN. INT. NIGHT. They move into the house. Federico looks at everything with curiosity. He recognizes Salvador’s coloristic style.
0) 505) dialog: (Admiringly) This looks like a museum.
0) 507) dialog: Anything, coffee, if you have any. (Insinuating, half joking) Tequila? In honor of Chavela? I couldn’t hold back my tears when you mention her in the monologue.
0) 509) dialog: (Looking at everything) I like your house.
0) 511) dialog: In Buenos Aires.
0) 513) dialog: Yes. I went there in ’85.
0) 515) dialog: I’ll give you a summary. After... we separated, I stayed with my parents for a year. At that time, the heroin routes didn’t pass through Argentina, so I went there to my uncle. I started working with him in his restaurant. I couldn’t take heroin because there wasn’t any. It was the best way to quit. He pauses.
0) 516) dialog: I met Lucrecia, we got married and that’s it so far. Now I have my own restaurant. I have two grown sons and I only came back to Galicia to see my parents. This is the first time I’ve set foot in Madrid... As you say in the piece, Madrid had become a difficult bullring for me, a minefield. It’s a pity that you lived here.
0) 518) dialog: “Love isn’t enough to save the person you love”. You say it in your monologue.
0) 520) dialog: bottle a of I felt a lot better when you said that while you were looking after me you continued to develop as a writer and filmmaker. Did you really feel like that?
0) 523) dialog: No. But I followed everything you did. And I was delighted when I recognized a scene that was obviously inspired by us. Every film of yours was an event in my life and I was so proud that you were a success all around the world. You’re the only Spanish director my family knows.
0) 525) dialog: Yes.
0) 527) dialog: You mean about us?
0) 529) dialog: My wife.. Well, my ex-wife, we’re separating.
0) 531) dialog: I told her... She doesn’t know it’s you.. She knows I was with a man in Madrid for three years. And I also told one of my sons... to encourage him.. (He smiles.) Salvador nods.
0) 532) dialog: With time I’ll tell him that it was you. He’s a real film lover and he’d never forgive me if I didn’t tell him.
0) 534) dialog: Yes. And you?
0) 536) dialog: A woman, my experience with men ended with you. After a brief, intense silence.
0) 538) dialog: Take it as a compliment. Cut. 99. SALVADOR’S HOUSE. LIVING ROOM/VIDEO LIBRARY. INT. NIGHT. In front of the television. On a couch and in front of a coffee table. The sequence begins with a close-up of Federico’s phone. On the screen we see a picture of one of his sons. We hear Federico off screen saying his name.
0) 539) dialog: This is Mauro, the younger one. He slides his index finger over the screen. The older son appears.
0) 540) dialog: This is Federico. He’s 22 now.
0) 542) dialog: Yes. He’s the one I told. Salvador is moved by the trust and by the resemblance between father and son. It’s like finding the Federico who left, the Federico that he knew and loved... He looks at the Federico in the photo and at the one next to him, his father. And indeed they’re identical, except for the age difference.
0) 544) dialog: (More relaxed) You have to come to Buenos Aires. You’ll love the city and I’m sure it’1ll inspire you. I want you to meet my family and eat in my restaurant. We’ll get drunk together. Salvador appreciates the invitation, but he doesn’t commit himself. 100. SALVADOR’S HOUSE. DOOR (INSIDE). INT. NIGHT. Salvador and Federico hug each other tightly near the door.
0) 545) dialog: For the old days. He brings his lips to Salvador’s and they kiss for a long time. The kiss and the contact of their bodies arouse both of them. Still embracing, their foreheads touching, each one feels the other’s breath on his face.
0) 550) dialog: Same here. You got aroused too.
0) 554) dialog: I’11l call to remind you.