0) 10) dialog: What an idea, Rosita! Little Salvador rides happily on his mother’s back.
0) 11) dialog: (To Rosita) Before you jump in, lift him off me, he’s breaking my back. Rosita gets up, takes hold of the child and lifts him off his mother. She puts him at her side, on the river bank. She gives him a stick so he can play with the water. It looks as if the child is fishing, but he likes listening to the women. 4. RIVER. EXT. DAY. (CONT’D) When she’s on her feet, Rosita asks Marisol to help her hang out the sheets.
0) 106) dialog: Salvador! We start to hear the sound of fireworks in the distance.
0) 108) dialog: Salva, come and help me! The mother has a blanket in her hand and is about to make up a bed on the floor with it, next to a wooden bench. Salvador comes in, euphoric. Nearby is a ticket booth and a poster for Renfe.
0) 110) dialog: (Complaining) How was I to know that it was a holiday here? It isn’t a holiday in our village! 21. TRAIN STATION. WAITING ROOM. NIGHT. They are sitting on a wooden bench, covered by another blanket. The mother opens a wicker basket that contains their food. Salvador puts down his novel and picks up an album of trading cards of Hollywood stars. The mother takes out a bar of chocolate.
0) 115) dialog: I guess so. The mother has cut a slice of chorizo and bread with a sharpened knife. She looks around, forlorn.
0) 116) dialog: What a disgrace, dumped here like gypsies!
0) 118) dialog: You’re a dreamer! I don’t know who you take after! Cut. 22. TRAIN STATION. WAITING ROOM. INT. NIGHT. (CONT’D) Salvador is lying on the bench and his mother is on the blanket on the floor. Both lay their heads on bundles which act as pillows. While Jacinta tucks him in, she discovers that the child has an enormous hole in one of his socks.
0) 119) dialog: What a huge hole! She pulls off his sock. The mother, sitting under the blanket, opens an old quince jelly tin or a cookie tin turned into a sewing box. All imaginable objects live side by side in there. To Salvador’s eyes, that box is a treasure. Jacinta takes out a wooden egg. She puts it inside the sock and starts darning it. Salvador-child is fascinated by that object, the wooden egg, and by how his mother is concentrating on her darning. From her expression she’s thinking of something else, the future.
0) 125) dialog: What a long night! I thought we’d never get here. The whole night in the station!
0) 127) dialog: Your mother was fed up with us.
0) 129) dialog: Three days ago I heard her say “This month my bread bill has gone up so much!” The father frowns, annoyed.
0) 131) dialog: I. won’t be a burden to anyone! That same day I packed our bags and here we are. Or would you rather be alone?
0) 148) dialog: Are you happy we’re here?
0) 150) dialog: I’ll fix it up and this will look like a home. But your mother, really, saying that to us about the bread, in front of the child! She looks round to where the boy is, from force of habit, and shouts.
0) 151) dialog: Salvador! (To the father) He loves it. She looks at Venancio with warm, knowing eyes. And she gives him a kiss. 27. EL ESCORIAL. ALBERTO’S STUDIO. INT. DUSK. (THE
0) 298) dialog: Eduardo, when are you going to put in the sink? I have to wash everything in these basins. She points to some basins full of water.
0) 300) dialog: I’ve got used to them peeling, the sink is more urgent.
0) 308) dialog: (To herself) What a scold! Cut. 59. PATERNA. FAMILY CAVE. INT. NIGHT. By the light of a bare bulb, at a round table, near the area lit by the skylight (even at night), Salvador continues his lessons. The two boys are dressed slightly differently to give the sensation that time has passed. The mother is making a lampshade. She looks over at the boys from time to time. More of the cave is painted than in the previous sequence, but precisely the wall behind the boys is crumbling, and the flaking paint looks like a map. On the round table, as well as an encyclopedia there is a child’s exercise book with letters at the start of each page. Eduardo holds the pencil clumsily and copies the letter A.
0) 344) dialog: It rains at times.
0) 346) dialog: Yes, that’s true. The word “cave” rules out the possibility that Jacinta take the remark as a compliment. She’s embarrassed. Salvador, serious, doesn’t know why he’s at that meeting.
0) 348) dialog: He’s always been ahead of boys his age. Salvador is intrigued and bored by the conversation.
0) 356) dialog: So is the scholarship definite?
0) 359) dialog: Don’t you want some more juice?
0) 362) dialog: (Surprised) Me?
0) 364) dialog: (Bitterly) Yes, that’s how we live. Shall I go and sew on Sunday?
0) 366) dialog: (Sweetly) Salvador, I’m going to make a potato omelet, the way you like it. As if he hasn’t heard her, surly:
1) 16) dialog: Your father gave me this pen. With it I wrote all my letters to him when we were courting. Salvador points to the wooden egg inside the box.