0) 1) dialog: Do you want me to bring you a cat from Cedillo? Or two, so they’re company for each other.
0) 3) dialog: If they want to be stroked, they’1l get up on the furniture. And Maya can put out their food, like she did with Manolo.
0) 5) dialog: I know that it’s almost always no to everything, but they’re doing a retrospective of you in Finland and they’ve invited you to attend. (Salvador shakes his head.) And there are exhibitions by Antonio Lopez, De Chirico and Gordillo.
0) 7) dialog: But someone has to reply about the retrospectives, the tributes, the exhibitions. Your films are still alive in the world, Salvador. (And let me remind you that so are you.) 2. HOTEL MIGUEL ANGEL. SWIMMING POOL. INT. DAY. (The film could start here) The heated pool is empty. We discover Salvador totally submerged in the water and completely motionless, his knees slightly bent and his arms outstretched, as if supported by invisible armrests. (Underwater shot.) Weightlessness keeps him in this posture. He just has to control his breathing. It’s the most similar sensation to being bodiless. His head slowly emerges, only as far as his neck, the rest of his body remains motionless in the same posture. He keeps his eyes closed, he breathes steadily. His head submerges again. In this position his body doesn’t suffer any muscular’ tension. Neck, back shoulders, knees, the lumbar region, all stiffness disappears. As he doesn’t feel his body, his mind, volatile, is like an open window through which the light and the evening breeze enter. Undoubtedly, the most pleasant sensation of the day.
0) 156) dialog: Hello?
0) 158) dialog: Is it true about the Cinematheque?
0) 160) dialog: Keep me informed. Don’t shut me out so much.
0) 162) dialog: I’m delighted that they’re showing Sabor and that you’re going out a bit, but are you sure you want a Q&A with people? Because it’s going to be full.
0) 164) dialog: You’d better believe it. But if you decide not to go, tell me and T’ll sort it out. It’s better to cancel now than = at the last minute. 31. SALVADOR’S HOUSE. INT. DAY (THE NEXT DAY) Salvador is lying on the bed reading. He is dressed for lounging at home, warm, comfortable, good quality clothes. The bedroom door is half open. Maya comes up.
0) 211) dialog: (Skeptical) I don’t know. You organized all this yourself. From where they are we can see the entrance from the street. There is a little group of spectators at the bar counter and others at the tables.
0) 215) dialog: Why don’t you call him? A young girl comes out of the cinema and asks the director.
0) 255) dialog: He’s been avoiding me recently. Are you sure he’s alright?
0) 257) dialog: Purée all his food. Does he go out?
0) 259) dialog: There are loafers by the door, and he’s never liked loafers.
0) 261) dialog: Maya, tell him you don’t mind doing up his shoes or sneakers. It must be very hard for him to tie his laces.
0) 263) dialog: Always smile at him and take good care of him. And if you see anything strange, call me.
0) 321) dialog: There’s a load of invitations. It wouldn’t be a bad idea for you to go somewhere. I’1ll go with you wherever you want. And the dance season has started. Dimitris Papaioannou and Jan Fabre are coming to the Canal Theaters.
0) 323) dialog: Have you gone to see Dr. Galindo?
0) 325) dialog: And how do you get the oxycodone?
0) 327) dialog: The Guggenheim has asked us for two of the Pérez Villaltas. They’re doing a retrospective of his work.
0) 329) dialog: Sorry. She gets up and walks to the window. Salvador takes the opportunity to go to the bathroom in his bedroom. 62. SALVADOR’S HOUSE. BATHROOM/SALVADOR’S BEDROOM. INT. DAY. He takes a puff on a heroin cigarette that he has already prepared. He opens the bedroom window to air the room. Then after one puff he stubs it out. 63. SALVADOR’S HOUSE. LIVING ROOM. INT. DAY. He goes back to the living room. The sunlight reflects on the waxed wooden floor, and rebounds, transformed into a powerful ray, on a level with Salvador’s head as he sits at the table. He puts on dark glasses and looks at some of the invitations. The figure of Mercedes is silhouetted against one of the large windows that lead out to a terrace.
0) 330) dialog: I have to hang up. I can’t keep talking... It’s none of your business where I am... She puts the phone away and comes back to the table, next to Salvador. He is much more relaxed, she is more nervous. The phone conversation has changed Mercedes’ mood. Even Salvador, half stoned, realizes.
0) 332) dialog: Luis and I are separating.
0) 334) dialog: I didn’t want to bother you. It’s been going on for a while, and now that I’m at home so much I can’t keep fooling myself.
0) 336) dialog: I think I’m a better assistant than I am a wife so, if you don’t mind, I’d like to carry on taking care of your mail. People like to get an answer.
0) 338) dialog: Well, you should do something. You have too much free time to think about your ailments. Give your brain something to keep it occupied.
0) 340) dialog: You could write. You have lots of documents full of ideas to be developed. If you want, I’11 make you a list.
0) 342) dialog: (Serious) Call me, for anything. 65. SALVADOR’S HOUSE. INT. NIGHT. Salvador reads in bed, lit by a reading lamp on the bedside table which is piled with books. 66. PATERNA. FAMILY CAVE. INT. DAY. Jacinta, the town’s pious woman and Salvador-child are sitting in the sunlit patio, surrounded by plants. The cave is spotless despite the scarcity of furniture. Three chairs and a round table. The pious woman drinks some fresh orange juice. Jacinta offers her some madeleines from her village. She and the boy are also drinking juice.
0) 555) text: Yes. He gets into the elevator and disappears. 102. SALVADOR’S HOUSE. DOOR (INSIDE) INT. NIGHT. Salvador closes the door, trembling with emotion. 103. SALVADOR’ S HOUSE. BEDROOM AND BATHROOM. INT. NIGHT. He comes into his room. Urgently, he takes the paper of heroin from the back of the chest of drawers. He puts it on the top and looks at it with delight. He takes it, throws it down the toilet and flushes the cistern. 104. SALVADOR’S HOUSE. KITCHEN. INT. NIGHT. On the worktop in the kitchen, under the painting by Dis Berlin, Salvador gets ready to crush five different colored tablets. In a close-up we see the tablets, which are already covered by transparent paper. In the same shot, a psychopath-sized knife, the phone and a liter-bottle of liquid yogurt. Salvador takes the knife and crushes the tablets with the handle. When he has reduced them to a powder, or almost, he calls Mercedes and puts the phone on speaker. He is giving the last blows to the tablets when Mercedes’ voice comes over the phone.
0) 556) dialog: Yes, Salvador?
0) 558) dialog: Yes, yes. (She sits up, she looks at the clock.) Go ahead. Is anything wrong?
0) 560) dialog: (Puzzled) What have you taken?
0) 562) dialog: Do you want to see the gastroenterologist too?
0) 564) dialog: Thank you for finding time to see us, doctor.
0) 569) dialog: He’s been very depressed.
0) 581) dialog: Yes. I’1l be with him.
0) 596) dialog: There’s something else.
0) 598) dialog: Salvador chokes frequently. An hour ago, when we were coming to the hospital, he had a sip of water and I thought he was going to choke to death. The gastroenterologist did an endoscopy and he found a lump that is pressing on his esophagus. That’s why he chokes so easily. (She touches her neck) And... we don’t know what that lump is. The doctor stops writing.
0) 600) dialog: No. They’ve ordered a CAT scan to be sure. The gastroenterologist doesn’t rule out that it’s a tumor.. What do I do? Do I tell him?
0) 602) dialog: Let me do it.
0) 604) dialog: Sit down, I’1ll change the sheets. Mercedes looks at a rosary on top of one of the bedside tables, next to a photo of Salvador’s parents. Salvador sits in his mother’s wing chair. He looks at the bedside table. There is a rosary spread out deliberately, a framed photo of his paternal grandparents and also a photo of his mother, Jacinta, aged 30. And another of her with his father under several strings of recently made chorizos and blood sausages. On a lower shelf of the bedside table there is a tin box, different from the one we saw in 1960, but the same kind (where the mother kept her personal mementoes) . The sequence ends with an insert of the photos and the rosary on the bedside table. 110. SALVADOR’ S HOUSE. GUEST ROOM AND MOTHER’S ROOM.
1) 23) dialog: In Dr. Galindo’s office you said that you still hadn’t got over your mother’s death. I didn’t know...
1) 25) dialog: But you never talked about her or about your childhood in your films.
1) 27) dialog: You think not?
2) 10) dialog: You did what you could.
2) 13) dialog: You’re invited to give a talk in Iceland. It’s well paid.
2) 15) dialog: Neither do I. There is an invitation from a second rate gallery for a group exhibition. The work that illustrates the invitation, on one side, shows a boy, bathed by an overhead light, surrounded by flowerpots, reading a book, on a floor of hydraulic tiles.
2) 16) dialog: I didn’t throw it out because I think the drawing has something. Salvador looks at it, shocked. He starts to talk but just then he’s called.
2) 71) dialog: What do you think happened with the drawing?
2) 73) dialog: Never?
2) 75) dialog: Are you going to try to find him?
2) 79) dialog: How on earth did the drawing get to the Flea Market in Barcelona?