0) 2) dialog: No, I can’t bend down to stroke them or to put out their food.
0) 4) dialog: No, no. Manolo was the last one. He says it as if talking about a last love. They sit on a bench. Mercedes takes a pile of papers from her purse. Salvador sits on the edge of the bench, his torso upright.
0) 6) dialog: Mercedes, you have to tell them that you don’t look after my correspondence anymore.
0) 20) dialog: Zulema!
0) 24) dialog: (Ironic-bitter) Live, I guess.
0) 26) dialog: Do you see Alberto? I think he was in Argentina.
0) 28) dialog: No, I haven’t seen him since the premiere of Sabor.
0) 30) dialog: Thirty two. You know, I saw the film again last week.
0) 32) dialog: Not since it opened, and I shouldn’t say this, but it moved me.
0) 34) dialog: The Cinematheque has restored the negative and they’re going to have several screenings. They’ve asked me to present it and I thought it would be a nice idea to do it with Alberto.
0) 36) dialog: The bastard never did the character that I’d written. At the time I wanted to kill him, but I really don’t bear him a grudge. Zulema nods, she’s very familiar with the story. She witnessed it, she was living in Madrid at that time.
0) 37) dialog: Seeing the film now... his performance is better than thirty years ago.
0) 39) dialog: Do you know how to contact him? Zulema looks on her cell phone.
0) 42) dialog: So did I. Zulema looks on her phone, searching for Alberto’s number, and she writes it on one of the hotel’s coasters. She hands it to him.
0) 59) dialog: That’s how I became the soloist in the choir.
0) 62) dialog: The priests decided that I wouldn’t attend geography or history classes, or science or history of art. For the first three years of high school, I spent those periods rehearsing. And I always passed. They made me a total ignoramus who passed every subject without taking the exams. 12. GEOGRAPHY . The screen is filled with the word GEOGRAPHY, as the title of the following chapter. A musical theme dialogues with Salvador’s off-screen text without interfering with what he says. The same theme will link with ANATOMY.
0) 63) dialog: With time, I became a film director and I started to learn Spanish geography while traveling to promote the films I directed. Both Geography and Anatomy function as two clips, whose lyrics are Salvador’s monologues. The images are animated and must be illustrative and didactic, in their own way. They are seen as independent pieces of animated drawings, designed by Juan Gatti.
0) 64) dialog: I traveled because I was successful. My knowledge of geography coincided with my growth as a filmmaker.
0) 66) dialog: I started to get to know my body through pain and illness. I lived the first thirty years with relative abandon, but I soon discovered that my head and what was inside it, as well as being a source of pleasure and knowledge, also carried within it endless possibilities for pain.
0) 67) dialog: I soon became acquainted with insomnia, chronic pharyngitis, otitis, reflux, ulcer and intrinsic asthma. Nerves in general and the sciatic in particular. And all kinds of muscular pains, lumbar, dorsal and tendinitis, in both knees and shoulders. We hear a noise, like a cicada, synthetic-sounding, a continuous, jarring, very unpleasant note.
0) 68) dialog: This is tinnitus. I have that too. We hear the so-called bronchial and pulmonary “whistles”, very fine, smooth sounds, like a ghostly psychophony, voices of children lost in the darkness asking for help.
0) 69) dialog: These are wheezes and whistles. I also suffer from them. In addition to the tinnitus and wheezes, my specialty is headaches, migraines, tension headaches or cluster headaches, and back pains. After the spinal fusion operation (which immobilized more than half my back), I discovered that my life would revolve around my _ spinal column. I became aware of each one of my vertebrae and the number of muscles and ligaments that make up the mythology of our organism and that, as with the Greek gods, our only way of relating is through sacrifice. But not everything is so physical and illustratable. I also suffer from abstract hardships, pains in the soul, such as panic and anxiety, which add anguish and terror to my life. And naturally I’ve dealt for years with depression. 14. ROAD TO EL ESCORIAL. ALBERTO’S STREET. TAXI. INT./EXT. DAY. Salvador is inside a taxi. The voiceover continues over his face.
0) 70) dialog: On the nights when various pains coincide... those nights I believe in God and I pray to him. The days when I only suffer one kind of pain, I’m an atheist. When the voiceover ends the taxi arrives. 15. EL ESCORIAL. ALBERTO’S STREET. EXT. DAY. (THE
0) 72) dialog: Alberto? It’s Salvador.
0) 74) dialog: Salvador Mallo. Alberto comes down and opens the gate which leads to a kind of garden and lawn. A modest, pleasant place. 16. EL ESCORIAL. ALBERTO’S STUDIO. LANDING. INT. DAY. Alberto wears comfortable clothes, for lounging around the house. His hair is uncombed, his expression isn’t very welcoming. Without inviting him in:
0) 76) dialog: I have to talk to you.
0) 78) dialog: About Sabor. Will you ask me in? 17. EL ESCORIAL. ALBERTO’S STUDIO. INT. DAY. There is a patio with a lawn and some plants. Not much furniture. It’s a little detached house that must have known better times. The living area is minimal. You enter through the kitchen which leads to a living room which, in turn, leads to a neutral exterior space. The important thing is that this second exterior patio leads to a grove of fir trees that brighten up the view from the windows. In this second exterior area there is only one old lounger, or two, next to a table, also made of wood. The interior is simple. Living room, kitchen and bedroom. A metal bookcase for books and DVDs, not very big. Fotogramas Award for Acting. A desk. Few things. Pleasant. Three posters decorate the wall. SABOR, in the kitchen, HAMLET, by Shakespeare, and CAT ON A HOT TIN ROOF, by Tennessee Williams, on different walls of the living room. All featuring Alberto Crespo. Salvador gestures when they come into the kitchen and he sees Sabor’s poster. It’s a pleasant, opportune surprise that Alberto has it there. Alberto looks at him, serious, almost hostile and expectant.
0) 80) dialog: Whatever you’re having.
0) 82) dialog: That’s fine. He goes over to the poster and lays his hand on it, as if caressing it.
0) 83) dialog: I love that you’ve got Sabor here. Without looking at him, as he makes the tea, stony:
0) 85) dialog: It’s taken me 32 years to reconcile myself with this film. He goes into the sitting room and looks out the windows at the landscape.
0) 87) dialog: (Charming) The Cinematheque has restored Sabor. They’ve decided it’s a classic and they’ve programmed it in a season of films shot in Madrid. They called me to ask if we’d present it together.
0) 89) dialog: If they do, they didn’t say anything to me. Gossip grows old, like people. Do you mind if we sit down? They sit, one at each end of the couch.
0) 90) dialog: Thank you.
0) 94) dialog: That’s why I think it’s only fair that we do it together now. Cut. 18. EL ESCORIAL. ALBERTO’S STUDIO. EXT. DAY. An hour later. The change in the light indicates the passing of time. Salvador and Alberto are in the little garden without any flowers that gives onto a cluster of fir trees. Both are lying on loungers. They are both drinking something, tea, beer or Coca- cola.
0) 96) dialog: Zulema. I met her by chance and we talked about you. Alberto gets ready to chase the dragon. He takes all the elements from his pocket.
0) 98) dialog: Will you invite me?
0) 101) dialog: Yes.
0) 103) dialog: Curiosity.
0) 109) dialog: Mom, I found a novel! They hear the loud noise of fireworks coming from the nearby village. While they spread the blanket on the floor:
0) 111) dialog: Let me open the chocolate. The mother gives him the chocolate. Salvador takes out two cards from inside the wrapper.
0) 112) dialog: There are two cards! The mother breaks of a quarter of the thick bar of chocolate and puts it between two pieces of bread. She gives it to the boy.
0) 114) dialog: Liz Taylor and Robert Taylor. (He starts to bite the bread and chocolate.) Are they brother and sister?
0) 117) dialog: I like the station.
0) 120) dialog: Mom, do you think that Liz Taylor sews Robert Taylor’s socks?
0) 122) text: Salvador opens his eyes, he hears the murmur of the breeze in the trees. Alberto touches his cheek and wakes him.
0) 147) dialog: Mom, look! The sky! Jacinta walks forward with the feeling that she’s going to hit her head on the ceiling. This part is flaking much more than that at the entrance. The walls have an irregular shape, like a grotto, there are no straight lines. There are parts painted white, but mostly the paint has flaked off, revealing rock or brown earth. In one corner there is a brush and dust pan. Near the area that gets most light from the roof, there are two stone benches which suggest that there used to be a kitchen there. The father has bought a hot plate and some trivets. Jacinta and Salvador are bathed by the light from the skylight. It doesn’t seem like sunlight, it’s kindlier, softer. The father looks at them from the shadows, ashamed. Jacinta leaves the boy and goes back to her husband. She tries to cheer him up. They go to what will be their room. Finally, tenderly:
0) 153) dialog: Are you clear about the Cinematheque? The 18, in three weeks.
0) 157) dialog: It’s me. Mercedes is at her desk in front of the computer. On the wall a poster of Fellini’s 8%.
0) 159) dialog: Yes.
0) 161) dialog: I was going to tell you.
0) 163) dialog: It isn’t that I want a Q&A, but I’m curious to see if the film has survived these 30 years.
0) 166) dialog: No, Maya, thank you. See you tomorrow. He’s reading Nothing Grows by Moonlight, by Torborg Nedreaas. We hear a paragraph in voiceover. Salvador underlines the paragraph with a pencil.
0) 167) dialog: “I entered the room where Johannes was. He had rolled over into a ball, so there was no room for me. When I tried to make a space for myself, he woke and we made love, but loneliness stayed with me and I couldn’t chase it out of my heart. We were as close as two people can be, but we were in separate worlds”. 32. SALVADOR’S HOUSE. INT. DAY (AFTERNOON, ANOTHER
0) 170) dialog: I wasn’t expecting anyone. And I’ve got a headache. Salvador looks worse than two days before.
0) 172) dialog: No, no. Come in, now that you’re here. They go to the kitchen. 34. SALVADOR’S HOUSE. INT. DAY. (CONT’D) The house is in semi-darkness. Probably there is no light switched on, if dusk is falling. In any case, there is sufficient light coming through the glass doors that connect the living room with the terrace. Salvador and Alberto move through the house. Alberto looks at the place, impressed.
0) 174) dialog: When I’ve got a headache, yes. Alberto looks all around, impressed by the space and the paintings hanging on the walls.
0) 176) dialog: Do you want a drink?
0) 179) dialog: Fuck, I choke on nothing! Alberto gives him a glass of water.
0) 181) dialog: (Complaining) I get this from time to time. And it’s horrible. He finishes slowly drinking the water.
0) 183) dialog: Of course. I’ve already told them that we’re both going. Cut. 35. SALVADOR’S HOUSE. LIVING ROOM. INT. NIGHT. (IN
0) 187) text: Just hearing the sound of running water gave all the kids a tremendous desire to urinate and we’d do it right there, on both sides of the screen. In the cinema of my childhood it always smells of piss and jasmine, and of the summer breeze. (In the scene by the river Nathalie Wood runs along the riverbank in a red dress and high heels. Marilyn Monroe also appears for a moment, singing Kiss in Niagara.) 40. SALVADOR’S HOUSE. INT. NIGHT. Insert occasional close-ups of a groggy Salvador on the couch, which will help do ellipses in the reading. It gives the impression that what Alberto is reading (and which he imagines performing) is being dreamed by Salvador. Cut. 41. SALVADOR’S HOUSE. INT. NIGHT. Alberto finishes reading Salvador’s text. He turns his head and looks over at the couch where the author is vegetating. He has just opened his eyes. He starts to waken slowly and heavily, distant, expressionless. Without a headache. For a few moments neither says anything.
0) 188) dialog: What are you doing there?
0) 190) dialog: Well, you shouldn’t have.
0) 193) dialog: Yes, yes... Salvador opens the refrigerator and drinks a liquid yogurt.
0) 195) dialog: It isn’t a story.
0) 197) dialog: Thank you, but it isn’t a dramatic text.
0) 199) dialog: (Sarcastic) You? You’re on the opposite side to that text.
0) 202) dialog: Stop, stop, Alberto!
0) 204) dialog: I wrote it to forget about its content. But I don’t want to talk about it. Cut. The two walk to the front door. Salvador takes a 50 euro note from his pocket. He offers it to Alberto.
0) 205) dialog: Do you mind letting me have what’s left of the paper?
0) 208) dialog: Completely.
0) 218) dialog: Was it him?
0) 220) dialog: You go.
0) 222) dialog: I don’t want them to see me like this!
0) 225) dialog: I. don’t want them to see me drugged up and stammering! He takes a swig of limoncello straight from the bottle.
0) 227) dialog: That was before, and without having taken heroin. Salvador calls the the director of the Cinematheque.
0) 230) dialog: At home. The people in the front row look at him, they realize that he’s talking to the film’s director. He’s talking very close to the mike he used in the presentation. The spectators can hear what he’s saying.
0) 232) dialog: Really?
0) 234) dialog: We were intending to go. Alberto Crespo is here with me.
0) 236) dialog: (Surprised) Is everyone listening to me?
0) 238) dialog: I want to apologize to the spectators. At the last minute I didn’t feel well. I’m with Alberto Crespo, we were intending to go. He stayed to keep me company. In the screening room one spectator raises his hand.
0) 240) text: This is a question for the film’s director. What do you think of Alberto Crespo’s performance in the film? There are people who say you weren’t happy with it and that’s why you grew apart. Alberto and Salvador exchange glances.
0) 242) dialog: Yes. Alberto looks at him and expects him to go off on a tangent. The spectator insists.
0) 244) dialog: Look, time is mysterious. I saw the film again a month ago, and I think that Alberto’s performance has gained a lot since we released it. Alberto looks at him, disconcerted.
0) 246) dialog: Its heaviness, its lethal rhythm. I’d conceived a dynamic, daring character, a funny, scathing cocaine addict. Alberto glares at him. Laughter among the audience. The director of the Cinematheque is happy, he is finally having a kind of Q&A with Salvador Mallo. Mercedes is listening, very serious. Apart from Alberto, she is the only person who isn’t amused by the situation. Salvador moves a little away from Alberto and only speaks into the phone.
0) 247) dialog: Alberto didn’t have the lightness that I asked for, not because he was incapable, but because he was taking the opposite drug to the character, he was taking heroin The rhythm of his performance was graver, and the humor in the text disappeared. But I have to be fair, now I think that that gravity goes well with the character, it gives him substance. 50. SALVADOR’S HOUSE. INT. NIGHT (CONT’D) Alberto slaps him on the arm, or pushes him, and Salvador falls into an armchair or stumbles against the wall. He raises a hand to his back in a gesture of pain. The phone falls to the floor. Alberto kicks it it slides along until it knocks against a wall or a piece of furniture.
0) 249) dialog: I didn’t mean to say it but now it’s said.
0) 251) dialog: I just told the truth. Before we started, you promised me you wouldn’t take heroin during the shoot. That’s why I gave you the part. And you lied to me. You did whatever the hell you wanted. I had to tell you some day. Without looking at him, while he opens the door:
0) 266) dialog: I don’t know.
0) 268) dialog: A dose.
0) 270) dialog: Ten euros? The capturer nods.
0) 271) dialog: Don’t bring me shit. If it’s good, I’1l1 come back.
0) 312) text: You don’t have to hold it so tightly. Let your hand go loose, I’ll move it for you. Salvador lays his hand on the bricklayer’s, much bigger than his. He grips it and helps him write the vowels. The bricklayer’s hand trembles, intimidated by Salvador’s skill and his own clumsiness.
0) 322) dialog: I’d like to go. But theater seats are the most uncomfortable for me and I don’t want to leave in the middle. Mercedes looks at him, really concerned. She knows that Salvador has made an effort to see her, that he didn’t really feel like it.
0) 324) dialog: No, I’m fed up with doctors. She joins him at the white table in the dining room.
0) 326) dialog: (Lying) A friend gets it for me, his mother is a chemist... Mercedes doesn’t insist. Until that moment she has taken care of everything. But she still feels a great respect for him. For her, he is still her boss, even though neither of them works. Salvador doesn’t usually lie, but it’s obvious that he’s going through a process in which she has no part.
0) 328) dialog: Tell them no. Those paintings are my only company. Mercedes’ phone rings. She looks at the caller ID and tuts in annoyance.
0) 331) dialog: Is anything wrong?
0) 333) dialog: I didn’t know you were having problems.
0) 335) dialog: I’m sorry.
0) 337) dialog: But it’s always no.
0) 339) dialog: I'd like to do more things too, Mercedes.
0) 341) dialog: I don’t want to write if afterwards I can’t film it. And you know better than anyone that I can’t film in these conditions. Without filming my life is meaningless, but that’s how things are. 64. SALVADOR’S HOUSE. DOOR. INT. DAY. They say goodbye at the door. He automatically takes off his glasses to give her two kisses on her cheeks. Mercedes sees his eyes. She imagines what has caused the change. Her heart sinks, but she covers up.
0) 350) dialog: Yes.
0) 352) dialog: Yes, a lot.
0) 354) dialog: To know more and be able to teach more things.
0) 367) dialog: Is a seminary a place to become a priest? The mother takes out some potatoes and starts peeling them.
0) 369) dialog: (He protests) But I don’t want to be a priest!
0) 371) dialog: Then why do you want me to go toa seminary?!
0) 374) dialog: I don’t want to go to the seminary! From down below, the mother continues shouting, attracting the attention of two women who pass with basins of water on their heads.
0) 376) dialog: I don’t want to go to school! I want to stay here!
0) 378) dialog: I don’t want to be a priest! 69. SALVADOR’S HOUSE. OFFICE. INT. DAY. Salvador reading from a lectern on his desk, The Book of Disquiet, by Pessoa.
0) 379) dialog: “I find life distasteful, like a useless medicine, and that’s when I feel and can clearly picture how easy it would be to get rid of this tedium, if I had the simple strength of will to really want to get rid of it”. He underlines the paragraph with a pencil. 70. EL ESCORIAL. ALBERTO’S STREET. FRONT DOOR. EXT. DAY. A taxi leaves Salvador in front of the door of Alberto’s house in El Escorial. He buzzes on the entry phone.
0) 381) dialog: It’s me.
0) 384) dialog: Alberto, I’ve come to negotiate. I’ll give you the rights to perform Addiction.
0) 386) dialog: It’s the truth. I’ve brought you a copy of the text. Let me in, please. Alberto comes up to the gate and unlocks it with a rusty key and a very unfriendly expression.
0) 389) dialog: (Ironic) The bad life. 72. EL ESCORIAL. ALBERTO’S STUDIO. INT. DAY. They come into the kitchen. On the table, there are several sketches on sheets of paper and the text by Cocteau. There are two chairs, one on each side of the table. Salvador sits down, breathing heavily. He puts his briefcase on the table and looks at the sketches. They all show a man, a bed and another man, who is usually on the bed reading a newspaper. Le bel indifferent. Cocteau’s text is also next to the sketches. Alberto sits across from Salvador.
0) 390) dialog: Are you still thinking of doing Cocteau in the Mirador?
0) 392) dialog: Here it is. He leaves it on the table. Alberto picks it up, he can’t believe it.
0) 396) dialog: I don’t want to sign it. And don’t say that it’s mine. I don’t want to appear anywhere.
0) 398) dialog: No.
0) 400) dialog: Give it to the people at the theater, let them read it and decide if they’re interested in it, but don’t give them my name.
0) 402) dialog: You, or we’ll invent a pseudonym.
0) 404) dialog: It’s a confessional text. I don’t want anyone identifying me.
0) 407) dialog: About the staging. A screen and a chair if you don’t know what to do with your arms and legs.
0) 409) dialog: (Critical) After correcting it, I admit that the text is a bit melodramatic now.
0) 411) dialog: That’s why I’m telling you. You have to avoid any sentimentality. Control the emotion. Don’t cry. Actors take any opportunity to cry. The best actor isn’t the one who cries but the one to fights to hold back his tears. Alberto realizes that Salvador can’t help directing him. It amuses him and touches him. He stands up.
0) 415) dialog: First invite me. And give me the address of your dealer. Tell him I’ll go myself for the material.
0) 418) dialog: Why not?
0) 420) dialog: Can you do it?
0) 421) text: How do you think I made it to here? Salvador looks at him as if to say “You haven’t exactly made it very far”.
0) 424) dialog: I don’t know, I think not.
0) 426) dialog: (Inexpressive, deep voice) If you do it badly, I’1l feel terrible, and if you do it well... I’1l feel much worse. Alberto reads in a murmur:
0) 428) dialog: and of jasmine...
0) 454) dialog: How was the performance tonight?
0) 456) dialog: It’s better like that, you gain in intimacy.
0) 458) dialog: Who?
0) 460) dialog: Who was that very intimate spectator?
0) 462) dialog: Federico who?
0) 464) dialog: Did he recognize the text?
0) 466) dialog: Did you tell him anything else?
0) 468) dialog: Thank you. I’1l1 go and see you one day. SALVADOR’S HOUSE. INT. NIGHT. (CONT’D) The news affects him deeply. He’d expected a call from Federico during, at least, all of the 80s. Now that it is a real possibility, it disconcerts him. He looks at the phone, he has just hung up. And he starts that old waiting, he remembers himself in that same situation, waiting for Federico day after day, night after night, year after year. For a moment, he has the impression that his life has been a mirage, that time has stopped to wait beside him. He remains sitting on the bed, with the phone in his hand, waiting for Federico’s call. His phone rings. A call from a number he hasn’t listed, with lots of figures starting with 5521.
0) 470) dialog: Yes.
0) 472) dialog: Federico! He gets up and walks through the house while he talks on the phone.
0) 474) dialog: Oh, and what are you doing here?
0) 476) dialog: I’d like that too. He hesitates, disconcerted. He arrives at the window that looks out on the terrace, next to the window full of glass vessels.
0) 477) text: .But I was in bed. Do you mind if we meet tomorrow? 89. SALVADOR’S HOUSE. INT. NIGHT. 90. SALVADOR’ S HOUSE/FRONT DOOR. EXT. NIGHT. Sequences 89 and 90 alternate. Salvador is at the window that looks out on the street, next to the terrace. Out of the corner of his eye, he sees a man in the doorway of his building. He can’t make out his features, the man is talking on a cell phone. Salvador gets a lump in his throat. He doesn’t see him clearly, but he knows that it’s Federico (Marcelo in the monologue). Federico has had the delicacy to call on the phone before turning up at his house. That gesture touches him.
0) 479) dialog: Perfect.
0) 481) dialog: Old.
0) 483) dialog: (Tenderly) And how are you?
0) 485) dialog: How did you know it was on?
0) 487) dialog: (He is delighted and surprised.) Ah... Salvador is touched, as if he’s discovered the coincidence for the first time.
0) 488) dialog: Of course, and the theater is a bit farther along.
0) 490) dialog: And you found yourself, suddenly?!
0) 493) dialog: It was a good school.
0) 495) dialog: Nothing. You don’t have to apologize. I didn’t do anything I didn’t want to do, Federico. I tried to help you as far as I could...
0) 497) dialog: Listen, I don’t think I’1l be able to sleep after this. Will you give me twenty minutes to get showered and dressed and we’ll meet at my place?
0) 500) dialog: (Affectionately) It’s been so long!
0) 503) dialog: I’d have had to look closely, but yes. Your eyes are the same.
0) 506) dialog: I invested all that I’ve earned in this house and in these paintings. T’ll give you a tour later. What’11 you have?
0) 508) dialog: (Happy) Tequila! To celebrate our reunion and in honor of Chavela. Salvador takes a bottle of tequila and two shot glasses from one of the cupboards.
0) 510) dialog: Where do you live? Salvador pours the tequila, they both drink a toast.
0) 512) dialog: You had an uncle in Buenos Aires didn’t you?
0) 514) dialog: (Calculating) So soon? Cut. 97. SALVADOR’S HOUSE. INT. NIGHT. They drink and talk sitting across from each other in the two Cassina armchairs, near the terrace. On little tequil auxiliary table, on a tray, the a.
0) 517) dialog: (Almost apologizing) I needed Madrid, I needed you too, but not under those conditions.
0) 519) dialog: (Serious, sad) Let’s not talk about the monologue, it’s a very sad text.
0) 521) dialog: (Almost a declaration of love) You didn’t interrupt anything, Federico, on the contrary. You filled my life like nothing and no one has done until now. He makes an effort to change the tone, more animated.
0) 522) dialog: So you haven’t been back in Madrid since then... 98. SALVADOR’S HOUSE. DINING ROOM. INT. NIGHT.
0) 524) dialog: Your new family...
0) 526) dialog: Do they know anything else?
0) 528) dialog: Yes.
0) 533) dialog: And do you have a partner now?
0) 535) dialog: No. A man or a woman?
0) 537) dialog: I don’t know how to take that.
0) 541) dialog: He looks very like you.
0) 543) dialog: They’re both very handsome. Salvador pours another two shots of tequila.
0) 547) dialog: Of course I do, but we’re going to close our story as God intended.
0) 549) dialog: (He smiles to make light of his words.) I’d delighted to see that you still get aroused with me.
0) 551) dialog: Yes. Salvador opens the door.
0) 553) dialog: Have a good trip.
0) 555) text: Yes. He gets into the elevator and disappears. 102. SALVADOR’S HOUSE. DOOR (INSIDE) INT. NIGHT. Salvador closes the door, trembling with emotion. 103. SALVADOR’ S HOUSE. BEDROOM AND BATHROOM. INT. NIGHT. He comes into his room. Urgently, he takes the paper of heroin from the back of the chest of drawers. He puts it on the top and looks at it with delight. He takes it, throws it down the toilet and flushes the cistern. 104. SALVADOR’S HOUSE. KITCHEN. INT. NIGHT. On the worktop in the kitchen, under the painting by Dis Berlin, Salvador gets ready to crush five different colored tablets. In a close-up we see the tablets, which are already covered by transparent paper. In the same shot, a psychopath-sized knife, the phone and a liter-bottle of liquid yogurt. Salvador takes the knife and crushes the tablets with the handle. When he has reduced them to a powder, or almost, he calls Mercedes and puts the phone on speaker. He is giving the last blows to the tablets when Mercedes’ voice comes over the phone.
0) 557) dialog: Is this a good time? 105. MERCEDES’ HOUSE. BEDROOM. INT. NIGHT. Mercedes is in bed, she switches on the light and tries to sound awake.
0) 559) dialog: I’d like to see Dr. Galindo as soon as possible.
0) 561) dialog: Nothing. A tranquilizer two hours ago and a few shots of tequila. Now I’m going to have my nightly ration of tablets, crushed up, with liquid yogurt. However it may be, Mercedes is happy to get his call and she makes the most of it.
0) 563) dialog: Yes, as soon as possible. They say goodbye. 106. HOSPITAL. PAIN UNIT. CORRIDOR. INT. DAY. A sign next to the open door of the office says that they are in the Pain Unit. Mercedes and Salvador wait on some chairs. The wall behind them is totally covered by wallpaper showing a very twee spring landscape, with strident colors and without nuances, very digital. On the ceiling there are four video screens with scenes of white clouds crossing a blue sky. They create a supposedly pleasant atmosphere that raises the patients’ spirits. Salvador looks at the ceiling. He sits for a while contemplating the clouds in a sky of an impossible blue. The spectacle makes him smile. He remembers the first time he entered the cave in Paterna and discovered the sky through the skylight and called his mother to come and see it. A woman behind the reception desk gestures to them and tells them they can go in. 107. HOSPITAL. PAIN UNIT. DR. GALINDO’S OFFICE. INT. DAY. They go into Dr. Galindo’s little office. The three know each other. Mercedes and Salvador sit on the other side of the desk. The doctor is an empathetic man of about 45. He transmits authority without effort. A film lover. He has a photo of John Huston on the wall, during the filming of The Dead, sitting in a wheelchair and with a drip or a nose clip for oxygen. He treats them with familiarity.
0) 566) dialog: The pains in my back are killing me. The oxycodone does very little for me.
0) 568) dialog: I was feeling very low. A gesture from Mercedes confirms Salvador’s words.
0) 571) dialog: I’ve started taking heroin. A moment of uncomfortable silence. The doctor looks at him, surprised rather than scandalized. He knows that Salvador is being serious. He looks at Mercedes’ face. She remains silent. She found out the previous day (although we haven’t witnessed this moment).
0) 575) dialog: Every two or three days. In the end, every other day, smoked on tinfoil.
0) 577) dialog: The night before last. Will I have withdrawal symptoms?
0) 579) dialog: Compassionate and controlled?
0) 583) dialog: With tranquilizers and a will of iron.
0) 586) dialog: Yes. And all the other things, for asthma, blood pressure, insomnia... But most of all I need you to help me with the back pains and the migraines too. They leave me completely paralyzed. The doctor nods. He revises the file and takes out a prescription pad. He starts to fill one. He changes his tone, more optimistic.
0) 588) dialog: To improve my quality of life.
0) 590) dialog: (Almost reproaching him) I think about it every day. But it isn’t a question of missing it or not. Filming is very physical work, and unfortunately I’m in no shape to do it. As a matter of fact, that’s my biggest problem.
0) 592) dialog: I know, I know, but I haven’t been able to. My mother died four years ago and two years later I had an operation on my back. I think I still haven’t recovered from either thing. I’m not good at recovering. I need help, doctor.
0) 594) dialog: Do you mind if I go out to the corridor and move around a little? Salvador is very uncomfortable in every sense. He holds out his hand to the doctor to say goodbye.
0) 595) dialog: Thank you, doctor. Mercedes tries to hide it, but she’s upset by the turn the interview with the doctor has taken. 108. HOSPITAL. PAIN UNIT. CONSULTANCY. INT. DAY. (CONT’ D) Mercedes and Dr. Galindo are alone. He starts to fill out the prescriptions.
0) 603) dialog: Pick the set you like most.
1) 0) text: The mother, aged 84, in the same room, is sitting in the same wing chair. She looks at the bedside table and then looks up at the bedroom door through which Salvador appears, four years before (fewer grey hairs).
1) 2) dialog: Here’s your snack.
1) 4) dialog: They’ re wholegrain, mom. The eternal battle.
1) 7) dialog: Yeees.
1) 9) dialog: Do we have to talk about this now?
1) 11) text: (As she puts on the mantilla in the traditional way) On my head, a half mantilla, because I’m a widow. Salvador helps her finish putting on the mantilla, the ritual affects him more than it does his mother who does and says everything in a totally natural way.
1) 12) dialog: And the habit of Jesus of Medinaceli, with its girdle. The mother reminds him of the rest. She takes the more used rosary and leaves the new one on the bedside table.
1) 14) dialog: Wouldn’t you prefer the new one?
1) 17) dialog: And the wooden egg, mom? Jacinta takes it out of the box.
1) 19) dialog: Then give it to me! Jacinta hands him the egg. She doesn’t understand what it is about that particular humble object that makes Salvador choose it over everything else, the pen, for example.
1) 22) dialog: Recently I’ve been thinking a lot about her.
1) 24) dialog: When I’m dozing, which is most of the time, I always end up thinking about my mother and my childhood.
1) 28) dialog: She told me one of the last times she was in hospital.
1) 30) dialog: Your legs are so clean, mother.
1) 33) dialog: Why?
1) 35) dialog: Mom, the things you say! Come on, tell me how you slept last night.
1) 37) dialog: Salvador listens to her carefully. mother is starting to lose it any case, he thinks the story is delightful. (Very surprised) Here, in the room?
1) 40) dialog: What else?
1) 42) dialog: What do you know about autofiction!
1) 44) dialog: Mom, the things you say! I couldn’t treat them with more respect or devotion! Whenever I can, I talk about you and I say that you and the neighbors made me what I am. I owe everything to you. The mother shakes her head in a gesture that ends up being funny.
1) 46) dialog: Let’s go for a walk, you haven’t moved today.
1) 48) dialog: Well, now you do. Come on.
1) 50) dialog: To the hallway. Jacinta is not in a good mood. Salvador leads her by the arm, the mother taking very short steps, down the long hallway (metaphor for time) that crosses the house, where four years later her son will walk from time to time. As well as on her son’s arm, the mother leans on a stick. Suddenly, Jacinta breaks the silence, without acrimony, which makes it even more hurtful.
1) 52) dialog: No?
1) 54) dialog: (Without getting upset, but hurt) It’s true that I didn’t want to go, but from that to wanting to take revenge on you.. How can you think that? Cut. 114. SALVADOR’S HOUSE. ON THE TERRACE. (CONT’D) Salvador and his mother continue the conversation sitting on the terrace.
1) 56) dialog: And it was true. But not as you understood it. Salvador is surprised and upset by Jacinta’s restrained cruelty.
1) 58) dialog: When I wasn’t traveling, I was filming. You couldn’t have put up with the solitude of an apartment in Madrid. That was no life for you.
1) 60) dialog: Mom, I’m very sorry I was never the son you wanted. When you used to say “Who has that child taken after?”, you weren’t exactly saying it with pride. And I realized. I failed you, simply by being as I am. And I’m very sorry. The mother doesn’t answer, she maintains a dignified, cruel silence. She doesn’t give an inch. It seems that the confession (and the provocation it implied) have unburdened her. 115. SALVADOR’ S HOUSE. GUEST ROOM AND MOTHER’S ROOM.
2) 0) text: Salvador covers his mother with the eiderdown. Mother and son are closer than in the other sequences.
2) 2) dialog: Here.
2) 4) dialog: Thank you.
2) 6) dialog: I know, mom.
2) 8) dialog: Very well. We’1l go to the village. With Maya, so she can do the housework. I’11 look after you day and night. This time I won’t fail you, mom. 116. SALVADOR’S HOUSE. KITCHEN INT. DAY. (THE PRESENT)
2) 9) dialog: (Bitter) But I couldn’t keep my promise. The next day I had to take her back to the hospital.
2) 11) dialog: Yes, but she wanted to die in the village. And I’d promised to take her there. The poor thing died in the ICU of a hospital, alone.
2) 14) dialog: I don’t understand how they can like me so much in Iceland.
2) 21) dialog: At lunch time. When she goes to sew at the pious woman’s house she stays there all morning. Eduardo finishes with the tiles, he wipes his hands on his pants and turns to Salvador who is reading. He looks at the scene in detail: the boy reading, the overhead sunlight, the pots of red geraniums on the floor and hanging on the walls, the hydraulic tiles forming figures on the floor. The whole thing, together with the song, is a composition of Impressionist beauty. He takes a piece of brown paper which had been wrapped around the bags of cement and puts it on a work table, with trestles, on which he had stood to paint the ceiling. He takes some pencils from a bag.
2) 22) text: Don’t move... Salvador doesn’t move, he concentrates on the book, obedient. He doesn’t realize that his head is burning. Eduardo draws some lines on the brown paper. He pauses on the boy’s eyes. With rapid strokes he captures the oval of Salvador’s face, his uncombed hair, the bulrush chair, the flowerpots, the floor... During the process he gives instructions to Salvador, who obeys’ without objecting. The silence and Mina’s song create a very intimate atmosphere. When he finishes the first stage of the drawing, Eduardo gets up and shows it to Salvador.
2) 24) dialog: It’s lovely.
2) 27) dialog: Here.
2) 33) dialog: I was reading...
2) 35) dialog: I didn’t realize...
2) 39) dialog: A bit. I got dizzy...
2) 41) dialog: Yes.
2) 53) dialog: But there’s something wrong with me, because I even choke on purées.
2) 56) dialog: Why did that bone grow so much there?
2) 58) dialog: And can anything be done?
2) 61) dialog: Yes. I’d like to buy it. Who’s the artist?
2) 63) dialog: How did it get here?
2) 65) dialog: So you have no idea who the artist could be?
2) 69) text: (Serious, tender, trying to sound neutral) You have to start dressing in half an hour. Salvador, without pausing in his writing:
2) 70) dialog: Remind me just before. His expression has changed, he’s a different Salvador, calm, he writes with ten fingers, he doesn’t need to look at the keyboard. 128. STREET IN MADRID. INSIDE THE VAN. INT./EXT. DAY. On the way to the hospital. Salvador is looking out the window at life in the city. He is serious. A middle-aged father pushing a double pram with a set of twins. A South American woman helping an elderly lady to walk. The shouting of a group of adolescents, several people with dogs, men and women isolated by headphones or talking on their phones.
2) 72) dialog: Eduardo sent it to Paterna, my mother would have received it. I was at the priests’ school by then and she didn’t send it to me or told me about it.
2) 74) dialog: Never. Pensive.
2) 76) dialog: Eduardo?
2) 78) dialog: Fifty years later? (He shakes his head.) It’s a good idea for a story and maybe I'll write it, but looking for him would be crazy.
2) 80) dialog: No idea. By chance, but what matters is that it got to the person it was intended for. 129. HOSPITAL. OPERATING THEATER. INT. DAY. Some nurses wheel Salvador in on a gurney. General view of the operating theater. Dr. Galindo is the anesthetist, he goes over to the gurney. They greet each other amicably. Salvador is reassured by the doctor’s presence. The atmosphere is typical of an operation.
2) 82) dialog: Hello, doctor.
2) 84) dialog: Doctor, I’m writing again. He says it in the tone of “and I’d like to keep doing it’.
2) 86) dialog: I don’t know. You don’t know that... He is about to say “until the end” but the anesthetic traps him sweetly before he can finish the sentence.
2) 88) dialog: In the 1960s, many Spaniards had to emigrate in search of fortune. I went with my mother to Paterna where my father was waiting for us. Cut. 131. TRAIN STATION. INT./EXT. NIGHT. Fireworks explode in the night sky. The boy, standing at one of the doors of the hall/waiting room of the station, is looking, bewitched, at the delight of the fireworks, rockets exploding and spreading out like branches of different colored palm trees. Jacinta’s voice comes from inside the hall, weary, fed up, calling him.
2) 90) dialog: Mom, will there be a cinema in Paterna?
2) 94) dialog: Cut.