19) 0) text: Newton, Loknath and Shambhu walk towards Atma Singh who i scolding a constable. They wait till he is done. 28 22. Atma Singh turns and offers his hand to Loknath.
19) 1) dialog: Jai Hind Kumar Sir. Atma Singh Assistant Commandant. Loknath, who looks taken by Atma Singh’s personality mere shakes his head.
19) 3) dialog: Naam bahut adbhut hai hai aapka. Newton. Kisne diya?
19) 5) dialog: Yehi hai aapki polling party?
19) 7) dialog: BLO? Bhai, yahan local logon ka koi bharosa nahi hai.
19) 9) dialog: (cuts in) Anda khate ho? Newton is startled. ATMA SINGH (CONT’D) Egg.
20) 1) dialog: Jungli anda hai. Yahan ki murgiyaan bhi krantikaari hai. Ghanta bhar interrogate kiya tab diya anda. Laughter from everyone. Lakhma pours red tea in three chai glasses. Atma takes out a small bottle and pours some whiskey in h tea. ATMA SINGH (CONT’D) Lenge? Himmat ki dawai hai. Newton shakes his head. Loknath looks at the booze with desire. Newton starts eating. Atma Singh doesn’t like Newton’s attitude.
20) 3) dialog: (politely) Woh aap mujh pe chhod do. Yahan tak aa gaye bahut hai. Aage safe nahi hai. Vote andar jakar mere aadmi le aayenge. Aap tension mat lo.
20) 5) dialog: To hum yahan chor police kyon khel rahe hain? Dekho disturbed area mein chunav aise hi hota hai. Kashmir aur Manipur mein maine khud karaya hain.
20) 8) dialog: Ekdum correct information hai aapki. Wahi se mere aadmi vote layenge. 29 30 24.
20) 11) dialog: Newton ji, inn logon ko kuch nahi padi election ki. Upar se boycott ka elan hua hai. Main likh ke deta hoon koi nahi ayega.
20) 13) dialog: Kya?
20) 15) dialog: Rajendra! BP jacket nikalo! Newton and Loknath look at each other.
21) 0) text: Lights from torches. Newton, Loknath and Shambhu are being helped into their v by constables. Atma Singh comes to Newton and tightens hi vest like a corset. Newton gasps for breath.
21) 1) dialog: (under his breath) Sarkari maal hai. Kaske na baandho to goli paar nikal hi jaati hai. He barks instructions on the walkie.
21) 5) dialog: Point 44 pe area domination kar ke khabar karo.
24) 3) dialog: ID dekho. She fishes it out of her bag. Atma Singh walks towards he Newton follows him. Rajendra checks it. 26. ATMA SINGH (CONT’D) Aap nahi chal sakti. Safe nahi hai. Priya looks confused. She looks at Newton askance.
24) 5) dialog: (mumbles to Newton) Local logon se thoda bach ke rehna chahiye.
24) 7) dialog: Rajendra, bullet proof.
24) 10) dialog: Aap pehne raho. Aap local nahi ho. Priya walks to Newton.
27) 0) text: MID SHOTS of Newton, Priya, Atma Singh, Loknath, SPO Lakh Krishna, Rajendra, constables walking through the path wh is flanked by thick bushes on both sides.
30) 0) text: Atma Singh walks a few paces behind Newton, observing him Suddenly a snap is heard and a branch falls a few meters ahead of them. PBS # 1 stops abruptly. All guns are pointed in different directions. Eerie silence. Atma Singh gestures at the polling officer duck.
30) 2) dialog: Shhhhh.... neeche neeche! Newton, Loknath and Priya sit down. They watch how Atma S and his party approach the branch. They check if it’s a b trap and then when they are sure, they cross the path and move ahead. PBS # 1 starts again. The group begins to walk ahead.
31) 6) dialog: Wahan camp mein kyun nahi gaye?
31) 8) dialog: (mumbles ) Yeh election party hai ya Ramleela mandali, sab saale kalaakar jungle mein prakat hotey hai.
31) 20) dialog: Sabke vote abhi le lo. Newton walks to them.
31) 22) dialog: Poocho hai ki nahi. SPO Joga and local constable DINU (35) SPEAK to the Gondi youth in Gondi.
31) 26) dialog: (Looking at Newton) Good. Newton feels assured. Priya looks uncomfortable. Loknath walks back towards them, feeling jubilant.
31) 28) dialog: Aapka kitna percent turnout hua? Priya speaks up hesitantly.
32) 0) text: They have walked a little ahead. After eyeing him for a while, Atma Singh turns to Newton.
32) 1) dialog: Cricket khelte thhe bachpan mein? 32.
32) 3) dialog: Batsman the ya Bowler?
32) 5) dialog: Laga mujhe... yeh Naxaliyon ke baare mein aapke kya vichaar hai?
32) 7) dialog: Aap itne intelligent ho, IAS ki pareeksha kyun nahi di?
32) 9) dialog: Lagaa mujhe. Silence for some seconds. ATMA SINGH (CONT’D) Nagaland ka capital jaante ho?
32) 11) dialog: Manipur ka?
32) 13) dialog: Aur Kashmir ka?
32) 15) dialog: Kabhi gaye ho?
32) 17) dialog: Main gaya hoon. 327 33 33. He takes off his gun and hands it to Newton. Newton is pretty awkward with the gun. ATMA SINGH (CONT’D) Bhari hai na?
32) 19) dialog: Yeh desh ka bhar hai. Aur yeh mere kandho pe hai. He takes the gun back. Walks silence. Newton to lighten mood, as he understands at some level Atma’s pain.
32) 21) dialog: Jungle mein sawal sirf main poochta hoon. (changes mood) Yeh lo, supari khao.
34) 2) dialog: Maowadiyon se bacha kar unhe campo mein bhej diya hai. As they walk through the ghost village.
34) 4) dialog: Nahi humne. Taki naksali kabza na kar sake.
34) 6) dialog: Har sawaal ka jawaab nahi hota. Newton looks around, feels sad and asks Krishna.
35) 1) dialog: Lijiye. School aa gaya. Chaliye bataiye kahan booth banega? Newton walks around the building examining the situation. wooden door is broken and a couple of windows of the scho have been removed. There are a dozen bullet holes on the school walls He walks around the corner and looks startled and signals others to come. There is Maoist graffiti scrawled on the wall. It looks o
36) 7) dialog: (to Lakhma) Batao beta.
46) 0) text: Newton walks out of the School and looks for Atma Singh. Lakhma is outside.
47) 0) text: Atma Singh is barking instructions.
47) 1) dialog: Aur upar jao! Haan! He is standing under the tree with two armed constables. watches SPOs JOGA and KOSA (20's) who have climbed up on tree and are choosing the mangoes from the branches. Newton and Lakhma enter. Newton looks irritated and obser 42.
47) 3) dialog: Woh dekho daayein... Abe baayein nahin daayein. Abe mera daayaan, tera baayaaan. Joga looks confused as he scampers on the tree branch. He throws a couple of raw mangoes down which Raju catches. Newton stands next to Atma Singh and clears his throat.
47) 5) dialog: Raju, Newton sahab ki madad karo.
47) 8) dialog: Sorry. Woh nahi ho sakta. (to Joga) Catch do!
47) 10) dialog: Aapka hukum polling booth ke 200 metre ki range mein hai. Uske aage mera order chalta. Aur main kewal apne superiors ke nirdesh maanta hoon. Aapki tarah hamara bhi procedure hota hai. He offers Newton a raw mango. Newton shakes his head. 43. ATMA SINGH (CONT’D) Kha lo na? Aapse kuch personal thodi hai. Aapko zero voting ka darr hai na? Nahi hone doonga. Mere aadmi de denge vote. Chutti nahi milti vote kaise denge? Newton is astounded.
47) 12) dialog: Lagbhag sattar voter hai. Polling agent to chhodiye, ek neta nahi dikha. Na laptop wala, na muft ke chawal wala. Aur aap hame jaalsaaz kehte hain?
47) 14) dialog: Kya age kya hai aapki?
47) 16) dialog: Main chalees ka hoon. Aap?
47) 18) dialog: Topic change kar raha hoon. Age ko chhodo... accha yeh batao: what is two plus two divided by two?
47) 20) dialog: Three. Rule Rule karte ho aur basic rule bhool gaye? Addition se pehle division karna padta hai.
50) 2) dialog: Netagiri karni hai? Sab saalo ko jail kar do. Raaton raat desh sudhar jaega. Jo ye paisath saal mein nahi ukhaad paaye ek dictator danda karke dus saal mein kar dega. Saale macchar desh ka khoon chooste hai.
53) 0) text: Newton and Priya follow the voice and see that two Gondi children not older than 13 surrounded by CRPF jawans are singing a Gondi song. Atma Singh sits on a ledge and list to them.
53) 2) dialog: Interrogation. Newton Kis baat ki interrogation? Priya talks to the children in Gondi and hears their vers Atma Singh is perturbed.
53) 8) dialog: Bade harami hai yeh bacche. Isse bhi chhote hote hai unki fauj mein.
53) 10) dialog: Tere se kaun baat kar raha hai? Tere to sage wale hai yeh.
53) 12) dialog: To aap chahte hain main baccho pe haath uthaun? Unhe peetu? (to Lakhma) Poocho, koi movement thi kya? The child replies.
53) 14) dialog: Dekha kaise fatt kar ke “nahi” bola? Aye Mowgli, aaja idhar. The child comes to him, eyeing his AK 47 which hands on h shoulder. ATMA SINGH (CONT’D) Dekho aa gaya. Saala Hindi to jaanta hai. Natak karta hai mere saath? 50. The child nods his head. ATMA SINGH (CONT’D) Bol! Atma Singh looks deeply into his eyes. The boy looks back Puppy eyes. Atma Singh takes out his cell phone and direc the camera side towards the boy and clicks a picture. ATMA SINGH (CONT’D) Apne gaon ja aur sab ko yahan lekar aa. Bolo voting honi hai. Samjhha? The boy looks at Lakhma. Lakhma translates what Atma Sing said in Gondi. The boy nods ‘yes’. Newton and Priya watch in horror.
53) 16) dialog: Aapke benefit ke liye hi ho raha hai bandobast.
53) 18) dialog: Vardi mein vinti dhamki hi lagti hai. Lakhma repeats this line softly, nodding his head, highly amused at the word play. The constables laugh.
53) 20) dialog: Newton ho Newton hi raho. Einstein ban-ne ki koshish mat karo. Samajhte ho na main kya keh raha hoon, Newton babu? Atma Singh straightens Newton’s collar. 51. ATMA SINGH (CONT’D) Ek-aadh ghante mein hum bhi nikal lenge. Attack shaam ko jyaada hote hai. Jaaiye, tambu mein duty kariye.
58) 8) dialog: Newton ji voter laane ke liye bees bees jawano ki do tukdiya jaengi. Ek khaai wale gaon mey aur doosra pahad wale. Main bhi jaunga. Aap aagya de to hum chale?
58) 10) dialog: (sarcastic) Jabardasti aur hum? Kya keh rahe hain Newton babu? Aap kahe to bandook yahi chhod jaye? The constables betray subdued laughter. Newton looks a bi apprehensive.
75) 0) text: Atma Singh studies a printout with faces of wanted guerrillas. He looks at the men and women who are sitting Indian style on the ground.
78) 0) text: A constable is examining the ID cards of the villagers. N all villagers have it. They separate the ones who have ca Two villagers, extremely drunk, are in their own world creating commotion. One has an old key tied to a black thread around his neck Atma Singh grabs the key and pulls the man.
78) 1) dialog: Yeh chabi kiski hai? Drunk points to the ground.
80) 0) text: Atma Singh listens as a constable speaks on his walkie.
85) 33) dialog: Newton babu, aap ke bas ki lag nahi rahi hai. Now let me take over. (shouts at the Adivasis) Sharam aani chahiye aap logon ko. SPO Joga translates in real time.
85) 35) dialog: Dekhiye, sirf aap logon ke liye yeh babulog apni jaan jokhim mein daal kar shehar se jungle aye hai.
85) 38) dialog: Mehmaano ke saath aap log aise pesh aate hai? Unhe pareshaan karte hai?
85) 40) dialog: Dekhiye voting machine ke khilone jaisa hai...
85) 42) dialog: Aapka pehla election hai, itna uddo mat. Khudse to kuch ho nahi raha hai, aur jo kar sakte hain unko obstruct karte ho. Newton loses it and screams. 68.
85) 44) dialog: Rajendra! (to the Adivasis) Haan to main keh raha tha ki iss khilone se khelna bahut aasan hai. Rajendra takes Newton away.
85) 46) dialog: Isme seb hai, anar hai, chashma hai, phool hai, motorcycle hai, bansuri hai, ghoda hai, hawai jahaz hai, lota hai, nota hai- aapko jo cheez acchi lagti hai uss par button daba do. Bas.
85) 49) dialog: (shouts ) Kaun bola!!? Cold silence. He searches the crowd for the miscreant. Ti faces stare back. Newton comes back.
85) 51) dialog: Aapse poocha maine? Lakhma! Khada kar do inhe line mein.
85) 53) dialog: Abhi dekh lo jo dekhna hai. 85 86 87 69. The old bearded Gondi man with grey locks comes to them a says something very forcefully. ATMA SINGH (CONT’D) Kya bol raha hai yeh?
85) 55) dialog: Yeh inn sab ka mukhiya hai? The Headman nods.
85) 57) dialog: Pehle kyon nahi bataya mahashay? Aapko kandhe pe bitha ke laata yahan.
90) 8) dialog: Why?
90) 10) dialog: It is less.
90) 12) dialog: Better weapons, night vision goggles, thermal imaging, laser range finders.
90) 14) dialog: Thank you. 89Cc C) IG Verma speaks into a number of mikes thrust at He’s wearing his aviators.
90) 30) dialog: Baraatiyon ke nikalte hi hamari bhi bidai ho jaegi. Krishna nods. 90 91
94) 0) text: In the far corner by a broken hut, Dinu is opening a pot chicken that has been covered by leaves. Two teenage Gond boys are with him who have brought the food. The non vegetarian food is for a small clique of Atma Singh’s cro Krishna, Romesh, Lakhma, Loknath who wait patiently for t turn. Atma Singh is wearing his sunglasses. Someone passes salad made of tomatoes and beet.
94) 4) dialog: Kya?
94) 6) dialog: 
94) 9) dialog: Aap bhi bahut bade gyani nikle.
94) 11) dialog: (referring to the boys) Laundo ne vote diya?
94) 14) dialog: (Laughs. Sniffs the pot) Aaye haaye!
94) 17) dialog: Dinu! Dinu fishes out a 50 Rupee note and gives it to them. It’ too less and they wait for more.
94) 19) dialog: Arre Suno, aa jao. Le lo tum bhi. Krishna ka do mahine pehle beta hua hai. Chutti to de nahi sakta par party to banti hai. Aaja aaja.
96) 0) text: Atma Singh and his cronies are enjoying the food.
99) 0) text: Tight Close Up of Newton. Camera tracks back. He’s sittin a chair expressionless. PBS # 2 ends. Few moments later. Atma Singh comes to the door with a plate of food.
99) 1) dialog: Rule book ke mutabik main andar nahi aa sakta, magar aapko aise dekh kar bura lag raha hai. Newton looks at him. Awkward. ATMA SINGH (CONT’D) Situation pe na to aapka control hai na hi mera. Hum dono ko to apni duty karni hai. Aap khaana nahi khaenge to mujhe bahut guilty feel hoga. Long silence. Newton looks at Atma Singh when- Gun shots are heard. Atma Singh is alarmed. ATMA SINGH (CONT’D) Aap yahan se hilna mat. He rushes out. More Gunshots. Atma Singh is shouting instructions. Newton tries to rush out when Priya and Lok rush into the school followed by an armed constable.
99) 3) dialog: Aap log apna saman sameto aur niklo. Priya and Loknath start wrapping up. 101 102 103 79. ATMA SINGH (CONT’D) Newton sir aap theek ho? Ghabrane ki koi baat nahi hai. Lakhma aur Krishna ek team lekar aapke saath highway tak jayenge. Wahan se hamari jeeps aapko le jayengi. Raaste mein Priya ko unke gaon chhod denge. Newton responds well to the situation. He hesitates for a moment and puts the control unit and balloting unit into bag and rushes out. ATMA SINGH (CONT’D) Jaldi kare! Atma Singh is facing Newton. ATMA SINGH (CONT’D) Alvida Newton babu. Dua mein yaad rakhna. Newton feels sentimental. The men share a moment. He hold Atma Singh’s hands. Atma Singh nods and rushes out.
104) 0) text: Atma Singh and his platoon of constables are walking thro the jungle. Rajendra passes him a walkie.
104) 2) dialog: Huh? Kya bak rahe ho?
104) 5) dialog: (scolds) Useless hai sab ke sab. Ek kaam theek se nahi kar sakte. Pakdo usse! 106 107 108 109 83.
106) 0) text: Newton runs ahead. From the distance, he sees Atma Singh his troops coming downhill- around 200 meters away. Newton freezes for a second.
106) 1) dialog: Pakdo usse! The men run downhill towards Newton. Behind him, Krishna Lakhma are waiting with some constables. Newton turns in the third direction and runs towards the jungle. The men chase him. 30 men run behind Newton. In a wide shot- we see Newton running towards the deep forest full of Sal trees. The me follow him.
108) 0) text: Newton is brought to Atma Singh and his cronies who wait.
108) 2) dialog: Bahar mat bolna. Log hasenge. Chaliye chalte hain.
108) 4) dialog: Likho! Kaun gawahi dega? They walk towards the bushy jungle path.
109) 0) text: Loknath, Shambhu and a couple of constables are waiting f them. As soon as they see Atma Singh and his platoon brin Newton- dragging him by his arms, they stand up, shocked.
110) 2) dialog: Kya vote? Bhaggg! The young Adivasis turn and walk away.
110) 4) dialog: Mental jaisi harkat mat karo Newton. Naukri kharab ho jaegi.
110) 6) dialog: Trigger se ungli hatao!
110) 9) dialog: Bandook neeche. His men obey him.
110) 14) dialog: Accha kara lo chunav bas. Bandook idhar de do please. Chal gayi musibaat aa jeagi. Aap samajh nahi rahe ho.
110) 19) dialog: Election officer ke haath mein bandook shobha nahi deti. Newton ignores them, Shambhu is checking their cards, mar the names in the book and getting them to put their thumb impressions. Atma Singh and his men look at Newton. ATMA SINGH (CONT’D) Aagya ho main baith jaaun?
110) 22) dialog: Aap seedhe seedhe maan kaha rahe the? Subah se bol raha hoon ilaka safe nahi hai. Do saal se night vision googles maang rahe hai...Bahadur ladke faltu mein marte hai accha nahi lagta. Aapke election picnic ke chakkar mein main apne aadmiyon ki jaan jokham mein nahi daal sakta.
110) 30) dialog: Ho gaya? Newton nods. Atma Singh is assisted to get up by Krishna. He brushes h pants and stands up.