8) 0) text: LOUD SOUND of a helicopter landing on a helipad on a fore hillock. Dust-storm is created as the fan settles. The door is opened. Newton comes out. Behind him, LOKNATH (57) alights, followed by SHAMBHU (30). Between the three they hold the EVM boxes, files and polling material. 17. Newton squints his eyes in the dust and looks around. Unmarked vehicles belonging to the Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) are waiting for them. There are about a doze CRPF constables with guns. The Sub Inspector, KRISHNA SINGH (32) comes towards Newto Newton shakes his hand.
8) 1) dialog: Jai Hind Newton Sir. Sub Inspector Krishna Singh. We can’t hear their voices because of the helicopter’s no
8) 2) dialog: Election party ke baki log kahan hai?
8) 5) dialog: Ghante bhar mein pahuch jayenge. Sir, yeh laga lijiye. He passes a tube of mosquito repellent.
8) 6) dialog: Theek se mal lijiye. Iss ilaake mey log goliyon se kum aur malaria se zyada marte hai. Newton, Shambhu, and Loknath rub it on to their hands and faces as they approach their parked jeep.
8) 7) dialog: ROP kaam pe hai.
8) 9) dialog: R.O.P. Road Opening Party. Raaste mein mines vagerah clear karne. Dariye mat. Ambush ka chance bahut kam hai. 17 18 19 20 18.
8) 11) dialog: Dus percent. Loknath gets a coughing fit on hearing it. Shambhu looks like he doing some mental calculation.
8) 12) dialog: (laughs) Ghabrao nahi! Iss area ke hisaab se dus percent kuch nahi hai. As they get into the jeep, Newton asks.
10) 2) dialog: Figure sahi hai. Magar sirf yahan nahi. Poore pradesh mein. Yahan to matdaan kendra aaj kai saal baad laga hai. Yahan ki casualty figure aaj shaam pata chalegi. Newton, Loknath and Shambhu look perturbed.
12) 1) dialog: (points in the distance) Sir, woh pahad dekh rahe hai? A hillock in the distance glistens like a ghost.
12) 3) dialog: Pakistan! Newton looks at him with disbelief.
12) 5) dialog: (laughing) Meri toh abhi tak jahan bhi posting hui hai na, log alag alag jhandon ko salami dete hai.
12) 8) dialog: Bhagwan jaane sahab. Mere aane se pehle se kehte hai. Dushman meaning Pakistan.
12) 10) dialog: Ab humare control mein hai. Phir bhi khatra to hota hi hai. Jageh jageh mines bichi milti hai. (laughing) Aap log yahan wahan pishaab karte samay savdhaan rehna. Galat jageh moot diya to kaand ho jaega.
15) 5) dialog: Commandant sahab ko to yeh kharoch lagti hai. Medal ke liye NDE maangte hai.
15) 7) dialog: Near Death Experience.
16) 1) dialog: Aa gaya London.
16) 3) dialog: Dariye mat. Yahan ekdum safe hai.
27) 0) text: MID SHOTS of Newton, Priya, Atma Singh, Loknath, SPO Lakh Krishna, Rajendra, constables walking through the path wh is flanked by thick bushes on both sides.
29) 0) text: Group walks up a hill. Krishna points out to an old tatte red rag- on the tree. It’s an old Maoist flag. Beneath it a graffiti written on the tree.
31) 9) dialog: Halt! Krishna and others are gentle.
31) 10) dialog: Chaliye, hum karwa dete hai. Everyone stops.
31) 19) dialog: Kya bata rahe hai? SPO Lakhma Tendu patta laane jaa rahe hai.
42) 0) text: A) An armed constable stands guard at the door of the sch B) At a distance under a tree, Krishna stands with Rajend who fixes him some tobacco. C) 3 SPOs and the police head constable are huddled aroun stove that they are setting up to make tea. They are gossipping in Gondi in whispers.
53) 6) dialog: Khabri hai sab. Ped pe chad ke booth mein jhank rahe the ki kitne aadmi they.
72) 0) text: Krishna is talking to some people. He’s polite.
72) 3) dialog: Kab aaye the kitne aaye the? Poocho usko.
72) 5) dialog: Isme se koi tha kya? The woman shakes her head.
74) 0) text: Krishna and Rajendra are trying to control the chaotic situation. The Gondis are arguing with them. One of them is a bit vehement. Rajendra slaps him. The man stares at him.
81) 0) text: Krishna answers on his walkie.
81) 1) dialog: Alpha, this is Alpha 1. Situation normal. Over.
85) 5) dialog: Aye baith neeche! Newton signals Krishna to not meddle.
90) 26) dialog: Lakhma, mem ki tujhpe hi nazar hai. Le jayegi tujhe apne saath. Lakhma grins.
94) 0) text: In the far corner by a broken hut, Dinu is opening a pot chicken that has been covered by leaves. Two teenage Gond boys are with him who have brought the food. The non vegetarian food is for a small clique of Atma Singh’s cro Krishna, Romesh, Lakhma, Loknath who wait patiently for t turn. Atma Singh is wearing his sunglasses. Someone passes salad made of tomatoes and beet.
94) 13) dialog: Maine to chaudah saal mein pehli baar vote diya tha. Solah saal mein to hamare jile ke launde chunav lad jaate the.
94) 15) dialog: Virender kitna accha bhuna chicken banata tha. Yaad hai? Atma Singh gives Krishna a furious look.
94) 16) dialog: Sorry Sir. Loknath is waiting with his plate. Dinu serves generous amounts of the curry. The chicken lo delicious. Rajendra has a sip of mahua from his water bottle. The boys look eagerly for payment. 96 97 98 99 77.
101) 0) text: Newton, Priya, Loknath, Shambhu, Krishna, Lakhma and othe run down the path.
102) 0) text: As they descend from the slope, they have slowed down and firing has stopped. Newton walks by himself, thoughtful. 80. Priya, Lakhma, Shambhu are walking behind him. Krishna is walking a bit ahead with Loknath and two constables. They are followed by two. (Loknath is telling some story we cannot hear). They stop at a point from where a path cuts to the left a leads into the thicket.
102) 1) dialog: Aap to chali jayengi yahan se.
102) 6) dialog: Inko kuch nahi hoga... agar aap kaho toh kisiko-
103) 0) text: Newton walks with the group. They resume walking. He is feeling uneasy. After walking a few meters. Lakhma is talking about a Sal Khan film to Krishna. Newton listens to them and starts thinking.
103) 9) dialog: Sir ji, kya bol rahe ho aap?
103) 11) dialog: Sir, aap aise jaa nahi sakte. Newton ignores him and keeps walking.
103) 12) dialog: Sir! Aise mat jaiye. Newton keeps walking briskly. Krishna and others walk beh him. Loknath, Shambhu and a constable stay back. Krishna talks on the walkie.
103) 13) dialog: Tango calling cheetah.
104) 1) dialog: Janab, lagta hai yeh Newton ji wapas booth jaa raha hai.
104) 4) dialog: Ruk nahi rahe hai. Lagta hai inko pata chal gaya hai...
105) 0) text: As they walk back, Krishna and Lakhma try to reason with Newton in their own way.
110) 11) dialog: Newton babu hosh mein aa (calls the tribal youth) jao...Sab neeche rakh do bhai Aao bhai... aao! bandook. Batcheet se sab hal ho sakta hai. Dekhiye hamari aapki koi personal dushmani thodi hai.