18) 0) text: Newton sleeps. Suddenly, there’s light on Newton’s face. Newton opens his eyes and sits up. A Gondi man is shining light. He is LAKHMA. Torch light on Newton’s face. His eyes open and he sits u Lakhma puts the torch light on his own face.
18) 1) dialog: Ghabrao nahi, main Lakhma hoon...
18) 4) dialog: So jaiye Sirji. Sahab abhi abhi aaye hai.
25) 0) text: Loknath walks with Lakhma.
25) 6) dialog: Ho sakti hai.
25) 8) dialog: Phir nahi hogi. Loknath looks at Lakhma strangely.
25) 10) dialog: Yeh Shahrukh ka jo agla filam aa raha hai woh hit hogi kya?
25) 12) dialog: Par uske pehle wali filam toh pitt gayi thi.
31) 25) dialog: Ghar pe hai card inka. Kaam se ghar hokar card le ke phir aayenge. 31.
36) 8) dialog: Saal mein do baar 15 August aur 26 January ko master dikhte hai. Unhi do din Jan Gan Mann bhi sunai deta hai. Ab pata nahi kaunsa gunn gaa rahe hai.
46) 0) text: Newton walks out of the School and looks for Atma Singh. Lakhma is outside.
46) 2) dialog: Field exercise pe.
48) 0) text: As Newton walks to the school, Lakhma hesitatingly asks.
48) 2) dialog: Newton sir aapke paas motorcycle hai?
48) 4) dialog: Main agle mahine lene wala hoon. Handa. Sir ek baat poocho aap bura to nahi manoge?
48) 6) dialog: Sir aap socho ki aap jitna kaam karte ho utna hi karte raho magar aapki tankha dugni ho jaye?
48) 8) dialog: Waise nahi sir.
48) 10) dialog: Ek scheme hai. Shuru mein paanch sau rupaye dene hote hai. Phir dus log aur dhoondhne hote hai jo paanch paanch sau rupaye de. Har naye member pe paisa milta hai. Phir aise hi kadi se kadi judti rahegi aur aap ghar baithe note chapoge. Scheme wale sab samjhate hain. Meeting hoti hai tab khaana bhi milta hai. Sukma mein to ek memberin ne do mahine mey hi Sony ka mobile le liya. Sirf paanch sau rupaye lagte hai. Lakhpati ban jaoge. Bolo Sir? Newton is irritated at Lakhma’s pyramid scheme and quips childish accent.
85) 54) dialog: (hesitates) Gaon ka majhi hai. Kehta hai aap logon ka faisla yeh kar sakta hai.
85) 56) dialog: Haan. Atma Singh does a Namaste with mock reverence and the hea reciprocates sincerely.
94) 0) text: In the far corner by a broken hut, Dinu is opening a pot chicken that has been covered by leaves. Two teenage Gond boys are with him who have brought the food. The non vegetarian food is for a small clique of Atma Singh’s cro Krishna, Romesh, Lakhma, Loknath who wait patiently for t turn. Atma Singh is wearing his sunglasses. Someone passes salad made of tomatoes and beet.
99) 4) dialog: Jaldi chalo. Newton, Priya and Loknath rush out.
100) 1) dialog: Mere peeche peeche aao. Jaldi. Krishna is a hundred meters away with a band of ten armed SPOs/constables. He gestures them to rush. They all begin run. Gunshots are heard sporadically.
101) 0) text: Newton, Priya, Loknath, Shambhu, Krishna, Lakhma and othe run down the path.
102) 0) text: As they descend from the slope, they have slowed down and firing has stopped. Newton walks by himself, thoughtful. 80. Priya, Lakhma, Shambhu are walking behind him. Krishna is walking a bit ahead with Loknath and two constables. They are followed by two. (Loknath is telling some story we cannot hear). They stop at a point from where a path cuts to the left a leads into the thicket.
103) 0) text: Newton walks with the group. They resume walking. He is feeling uneasy. After walking a few meters. Lakhma is talking about a Sal Khan film to Krishna. Newton listens to them and starts thinking.
105) 0) text: As they walk back, Krishna and Lakhma try to reason with Newton in their own way.
105) 1) dialog: Sir, kyun humare naukri ko khatre mein daal rahe ho. Krishna and Lakhma run behind him. Newton begins to run w the EVM in his hand. It soon turns into a CHASE, Newton has a good lead.