8) 0) text: LOUD SOUND of a helicopter landing on a helipad on a fore hillock. Dust-storm is created as the fan settles. The door is opened. Newton comes out. Behind him, LOKNATH (57) alights, followed by SHAMBHU (30). Between the three they hold the EVM boxes, files and polling material. 17. Newton squints his eyes in the dust and looks around. Unmarked vehicles belonging to the Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) are waiting for them. There are about a doze CRPF constables with guns. The Sub Inspector, KRISHNA SINGH (32) comes towards Newto Newton shakes his hand.
8) 4) dialog: Vanvaas pe. Krishna smiles and nods his head. LOKNATH (CONT’D) Ab yahan se kitna?
8) 10) dialog: Kitna kam?
10) 1) dialog: Picchle chunav mein yahan kehte hai unnees log mare gaye the.
12) 6) dialog: Jhande aur dande se hi toh desh banta hai!
15) 0) text: Newton and Loknath look at the blown up jeep.
16) 2) dialog: Bhaiya mujhe to neend aane se rahi.
16) 4) dialog: Kitna percent safe? Krishna laughs.
17) 0) text: A small group is huddled outside a tent playing carrom. Newton, Loknath and Shambhu watch this from their tent do
19) 0) text: Newton, Loknath and Shambhu walk towards Atma Singh who i scolding a constable. They wait till he is done. 28 22. Atma Singh turns and offers his hand to Loknath.
20) 0) text: A table is set with breakfast of boiled eggs and bread. T are sitting around the table. Loknath picks one up an egg and checks it out. 23.
20) 9) dialog: Aapka ilaaka hai. Jaise aap kahe. Newton cuts Loknath.
21) 0) text: Lights from torches. Newton, Loknath and Shambhu are being helped into their v by constables. Atma Singh comes to Newton and tightens hi vest like a corset. Newton gasps for breath.
24) 11) dialog: Voter list hai aapke paas?
25) 0) text: Loknath walks with Lakhma.
25) 1) dialog: Aaj baarish hogi?
25) 7) dialog: Magar aasmaan mein to ek bhi badal nahi hai.
25) 9) dialog: Ajeeb ho tum. After walking for some more time.
25) 11) dialog: Ho sakti hai.
25) 13) dialog: Phir nahi hogi. Lakhma’s cronies laugh at Loknath.
26) 0) text: PBS # 1 starts. Caravan of 40 men and Priya walk in the jungle in a formation. They are led by a local head constable and the SPOs who carry guns. Two men with mine detectors are in t front. Some men are carrying foldable tables, chairs, ten material. Newton and Priya hold a files. Loknath clutches EVM box. Shambhu is taking a selfie as he walks.
27) 0) text: MID SHOTS of Newton, Priya, Atma Singh, Loknath, SPO Lakh Krishna, Rajendra, constables walking through the path wh is flanked by thick bushes on both sides.
30) 1) dialog: (whispers) Yeh-
31) 0) text: They exit the thicker forest and come on a bushy plain. The group walks through another part of the thick jungle. couple of constables lip sync the song for a few seconds. PBS # 1 fades out. As the group walks, Loknath stops.
31) 1) dialog: Sir. Jaana padega.
31) 3) dialog: Deerghshanka. Loknath gestures that he needs to answer nature’s call.
31) 7) dialog: Sir, mere karam phoote hai. Bina mehnat ki toh mujhe tatti bhi nahi aati.
31) 27) dialog: Chalo sattar mein se char voter to aa gaye. Kam se kam paanch per cent turnout to hoga.
33) 0) text: Newton walks with Priya and Loknath.
33) 1) dialog: Sir, aapka koi rishteydaar mantri hai kya? Ya koi aur tagdi backing? Newton glares at Loknath.
33) 3) dialog: Sir, bina backing yahan CRP ke afsaro se aise pesh koi aa hi nahi sakta. Priya smiles at Newton.
40) 0) text: Newton, his three polling officers set up the place. Newt looks at the diagram of an ideal polling booth in his handbook. The difference is alarming. They place the foldable tables as per the directives, mak space for the polling booth, enclose it with cardboard. Priya takes out the register of voters and places it on h table. Newton and Shambhu arrange the booth. Loknath takes out a bottle of indelible ink and places it his table. Newton takes out the EVM and connects the two units. He ensures that the seal is intact. Newton checks his watch. It’s seven seconds to 8 am. Six. Five. Four. Three. Two. One. Newton presses the ON button of the EVM. BGM stops. SILEN
41) 0) text: The three polling officers are sitting next to each other the table. They wait. Wait. CU of Newton- studying the list of voters. CU of Priya- looks outside. CU of Loknath- suppresses a yawn. CU of Shambhu- he looks dazed.
44) 0) text: Newton looks eagerly at the door of the School. Priya is still doodling. Loknath shifts his position as he naps wi his head resting on the table.
44) 7) dialog: Hindi mein kuch nahi rakha. MA hoon Hindi sahitya mein, dekho aaj kahan hoon. English padao baccho ko. Aajkal to kutte bhi English samajhte hain. Newton and Priya look at him. He has woken up and looks fresh.
44) 9) dialog: Seekh raha hoon.
44) 11) dialog: Nahi sir. Adult...Matlab english film dekh ke. Aapko shaug hai? Dhero hain phone mein.. Return of Dracula, Bride of Chucky, Seed of Chucky...
44) 13) dialog: Chinese maal mein aisa hi hota hai. They chuckle. LOKNATH (CONT’D) Sir, aap shadi shuda hai? Newton Nahi.
44) 14) dialog: Aur aap madam?
44) 16) dialog: 83 mein love marriage honi thi. Uska baap utpaat na machata to aaj teen teen bacche hotey. Tab kahan fashion tha love marriage ka? Ek seth Budau se byah diya Kamla ko.
44) 18) dialog: Kyon? Vidhwa Sethani hai aaj meri Kamla. Hame nahi poochti yeh aur baat hai. Humne bhi kaha chalo jo hai so hai. Ab lekhak ko kasht nahi hoga to kahani kaise phootegi?
44) 21) dialog: Kahani ek election party ki hai jo jungle mein voting karane jaati hai magar laut ke nahi aati.
44) 23) dialog: Kyonki gaon wale aadivaasi kai baras pehle mar chuke hain. Unki laashein Jombie ban chuki hai.
44) 25) dialog: Khoon ki pyaasi zinda laash. Ekdum sadi gali. Kaisa laga plot?
44) 28) dialog: Sirji booth mein taash khelne ki purani parampara hai.
44) 30) dialog: Sabse purani parampara to bhavishyawaani ki hai. Kar doon? Newton is confused as to what is going on. Loknath taking advantage of the situation shuffles the ca and spread them on the table. Then he takes three cards a puts them in a line. LOKNATH (CONT’D) Ab inhe bina dekhe indhar udhar kare. Newton does it. LOKNATH (CONT’D) Ab jo pehla card hai woh aap kal thhe, jo card beech mein hai woh aap ab ho, aur teesra card kal! Newton for a minute is perplexed genuinely. LOKNATH (CONT’D) Please Sir, itna toh kijiye. He picks three cards and places them- facing down on the table. Loknath unfolds card 1: 2 of Hearts. LOKNATH (CONT’D) Kal aap thhe duggi magar dilwale. 46
44) 35) dialog: Bhavisyawani sunke bade bade darr jate hain. Chaliye nahi uthaenye teesra patta... Saying this, he keeps the card in his front shirt pocket.
49) 0) text: Newton enters the booth to see sits deep in thought with worried expression on his face. A writing pad lies open before him. Loknath, Priya and Shambhu are watching an English film o his cell phone. Music of an action scene. The hero seems to have saved th heroine.
49) 2) dialog: Yahan network kahan hai? Tower hi nahi hai jungle mein... Newton looks away. The actors in the movie get close and start making out. The woman starts moaning. Loknath, Priya and Shambhu are embarrassed. Priya looks away while Loknath fumbles with the phone try to shut it down. Shambhu simply smiles at Newton sheepish
51) 1) dialog: Sab apni duty hi to kar rahe hai. Commandent sahab ne aise hi chunav dekhe honge.
51) 3) dialog: Main samajhta hoon sir. Mera kewal itna kehna hai ki yeh log bina hilaye hilte nahi, aur hilte hain to rukte nahi hai. Ek prakar ke jombie ban chuke hai yeh log.
51) 5) dialog: Aap akele nahi hai sir. Hum sab milkar kuch nahi karenge... bas yeh saale... Saying this Loknath swats a mosquito on his forearm. She looks LOKNATH (CONT’D) Cream ki adhi tube mal di, tab bhi khoon choos rahe hai. Mujhe thodi sarsarahat si bhi ho rahi hai.
51) 8) dialog: Shubh shubh bolo sir. Jadi booti hai kya?
52) 0) text: Newton and Loknath are standing in front of the school ne to the sentry. 47. Priya is looking for something in the bushes outside the school. She breaks a stem and comes out, holding it. Red Ants hav made a nest from 3 leaves and the branch is laden with th
52) 1) dialog: Yeh kya hai?
52) 6) dialog: Sir main ekdum theek mehsoos kar raha hoon. Dekhiye fast chal bhi paa raha hoon. He walks around and goes into the room. LOKNATH (CONT’D) Bus, thank you... Priya eats an ant and throws the branch away.
54) 2) dialog: Jee yahi koi paune cheh baje honge? Newton notes it down.
54) 4) dialog: Aisa hi kuch hoga.
54) 8) dialog: Aap complaint likh rahe ho? Newton ignores him. Priya and Loknath look at each other. Loknath gestures at her to do something. LOKNATH (CONT’D) Aap kyon apna BP bada rahe ho. Hum sab ko pata hai aap kitne chintit hai chunav ko lekar... Dekhiye Chunav ke baad sirf ek badlaw aata hai. He looks around.
54) 10) dialog: Netao ke photo badalte hai. 56 57 52. Newton is at his wit’s end. LOKNATH (CONT’D) Aur nahi toh kya, logon ko do waqgt ka khana naseeb ho ya na ho, unhe har election mey vote zaroor karna chahiye. Newton looks at Priya.
56) 0) text: Newton is studying his manual silently, Priya is reading newspaper and Loknath is watching an 80’s Hindi film on h cell phone. Shambhu takes a selfie with the sentry’s gun.
59) 0) text: Newton, Priya and Loknath are sipping tea at the door of school. Loknath muses.
59) 1) dialog: Iss jageh ka itihas pata hai kisiko? Bahut pracheen hai... They look at him. LOKNATH (CONT’D) Dandkaranya yaani veh jageh jahan daand diya jaaye. Ramji aur Sitaji yahin aaye the vanvaas kaatne. Surpanakha ki naak yahin kati thi, yahin Sitaji ne Lakshmanrekha laanghi, aur yehi se Ravan unka apharan karke Sri Lanka le gaya tha...Itihaas bahut hai yahan. They nod disinterestedly. LOKNATH (CONT’D) Aap log bacche rahe honge jab Ramanand Sagar ka serial doordarshan par aaya tha. India ka pehla plane Pushpak bhi yahin uda tha pehli baar. EXT. HAMLET 1- DAY (Achanakpur) 64 (Take shots of mundane life before raid) Atma Singh’s party enters the hamlet. SPO Joga shouts in his megaphone in Gondi.
79) 0) text: Newton, Priya and Loknath are waiting at their tables. 79 80
83) 4) dialog: Aadesh kare.
83) 8) dialog: Arre wahan khade mat raho. Vote do aur fatafat niklo. She looks at the Electronic Voting Machine and nervously looks at everyone who is anticipating some magic to happe from her end.
83) 11) dialog: Matlab inhone voting machine pehli baar dekh rahi hain! Newton looks open mouthedly.
85) 31) dialog: Sir, main handle karoon? 67. Newton dismisses him with a gesture.
86) 0) text: Inside the School, Priya checks the register, Loknath put the indelible ink on the left forefinger of the voter and voters go and randomly press any button. Newton sulks, showing his extreme unhappiness over the proceedings. He squirms every time he hears a “beep” of t EVM and chooses to look away.
89) 0) text: Slow Motion. The old head man who was in the queue, walks towards Priy and shows her his ID. She looks for his name in her regis and ticks it. Loknath applies ink on the old headman’s forefinger and h walks to the booth. All eyes are on him. He looks nervously at the cameras. He goes to the booth a stands there for a while. Debbie takes a video on her iPh Camera flashes and sun gun lights. Press persons are pois like vultures on a dying prey. Finally, a beep is heard and Newton looks helpless.
93) 0) text: Newton is fuming at his table. Loknath stretches and yawn
93) 1) dialog: Election ki raunak alag hi hoti hai. Chalo, apna toh yeh last election tha! Newton glares at him.
93) 3) dialog: To hone kyon diya? Rok dete. Aapko pata hai sab procedure se hua hai. Subah se aapki netagiri dekh raha hoon. Inn logon ko civics padha rahe the? Hain?
93) 5) dialog: Tees saal naukri mein hamare bhi ho gaye hain, aap jaisa ajooba nahi dekha. Priya stays on. Newton looks at her and gestures, “Do you also want to sa something?”
94) 0) text: In the far corner by a broken hut, Dinu is opening a pot chicken that has been covered by leaves. Two teenage Gond boys are with him who have brought the food. The non vegetarian food is for a small clique of Atma Singh’s cro Krishna, Romesh, Lakhma, Loknath who wait patiently for t turn. Atma Singh is wearing his sunglasses. Someone passes salad made of tomatoes and beet.
94) 3) dialog: Yahan pe jo anyaay ho raha hai isko kaabu mein laane ka solution mere paas hai.
94) 8) dialog: Haan TV! Do saal mein sabko Coco Cola aur washing machine ki lat lag jayegi aur kranti bhool kar line pe aa jayenge.
94) 10) dialog: Kya kare, majboor hai. Suraj na chahte hue bhi prakash baat hi deta hai. Atma Singh picks his plate.
101) 0) text: Newton, Priya, Loknath, Shambhu, Krishna, Lakhma and othe run down the path.
102) 0) text: As they descend from the slope, they have slowed down and firing has stopped. Newton walks by himself, thoughtful. 80. Priya, Lakhma, Shambhu are walking behind him. Krishna is walking a bit ahead with Loknath and two constables. They are followed by two. (Loknath is telling some story we cannot hear). They stop at a point from where a path cuts to the left a leads into the thicket.
102) 8) dialog: Priyaji kalam to leti jaiye baccho ko sher kaise banayengi? Handing the pen to her, Loknath finds the card in his poc LOKNATH (CONT’D) Ah Lo! Newton babu ke patte khul gaye.
102) 10) dialog: Paanch. Kuch kaam ka nahi hai. Ikka baadshah begum hoti to maza aata.
102) 13) dialog: Chhati indri ki baat kar rahi hai Sir. Sixth sense. Priya smiles and walks away. She walks into the distance and disappears into the thick without ever turning back.
103) 2) dialog: Ji.
109) 0) text: Loknath, Shambhu and a couple of constables are waiting f them. As soon as they see Atma Singh and his platoon brin Newton- dragging him by his arms, they stand up, shocked.
110) 7) dialog: Newton sir!!!
110) 12) dialog: Aao bhailog!! The Gondis come with their hands up.
110) 18) dialog: Sir aap jaante ho na aap kya kar rahe ho? Newton gives him a look, Loknath does as he is told. He s up the polling booth behind a bush.
110) 24) dialog: Kisko vote doge? 87. The young man stares at Loknath and presses his button by covering the EVM with his body. The man knows whom to vot for. The first beep of the voting machine is heard. Newton’s brow is beaded with sweat. Atma Singh looks like a miffed school boy sitting in one corner. Another beep is heard. One of the voters steals a glance at Atma Singh who glare back at him. The voter lowers his eyes and goes to vote. Another beep is heard. LOKNATH (CONT’D) Sir, aapka sign chahiye.
110) 26) dialog: Jee.
110) 28) dialog: 2.55