2) 11) text: (of the letter) Laura. (he rereads the nameplate on the mailbox) Laura Newton? (pause) Laura Newton? Is that 'the' Laura Newton...? BLAKE
2) 12) text: We broke up. Alright? Laura Newton. They know who I am. SCOTT
2) 171) text: The Businessman looks at the photo. Scott gestures at Ant and passes the photo of Laura Newton to Anton. And then looks as if to say "In or Out?" Anton hesitates a moment, and then strikes the Businessman.
2) 187) text: (pause) I want my Lawyer... Miller takes the photos of Laura and shows the platinum- haired one to Nadya. MILLER
2) 198) text: (stepping in) "I-I-I" - What are you, Carmen Miranda...? He holds the photo of the platinum-haired Laura Newton. BUSINESSMAN
2) 211) text: (he shows a photo of the platinum-haired Laura to the Businessman) Where Is This Girl... The Businessman is terrified. He looks around the room in ANGLE on Scott, as camera takes him to where the Female Agent is interrogating the Young Whore. Anton follows. YOUNG WHORE
2) 212) text: (looking at the photo of Laura Newton) I...She was sick...she was Not Very Well. She came in here...and...and... FEMALE AGENT
2) 221) text: (brusquely) Your lawyer ain't going to help you...want to guess 'why'? (he looks to Miller, who nods, "Go ahead". he takes the photo of Laura with the red hair, sharply, from Miller and shows it to Nadya) Y'understand the picture... NADYA
2) 225) text: She was here. She was here, where is she...? WHERE IS SHE? (Scott thrusts the Laura Newton photo at her) She was here - NADYA
2) 232) text: ...hello... INT. FOOTBALL STADIUM. NIGHT. A helicopter is settling onto the playing field. ANGLE. Two men getting out of a Suburban, across the fiel run toward the helicopter. ANGLE, a powerful-looking older man in a suit, BURCH, ste down from the helicopter, and an Aide greets him and lead him away from the helicopter. We see the Aide indicate th two men running toward them. Burch turns. ANGLE HIS POV. Miller and Scott, who join with Burch, as they all move toward the stadium building. INT. STADIUM BUILDING, LUNCHROOM. NIGHT. ANGLE, on an assembly of the information of the chase. On table, the photos of the Eurasian businesswoman, of Laura Newton, of the Regency Club. A disassembled machine pisto and a cup of steaming coffee. HOLD on Scott, looking at something, off. As he picks up cup of coffee. Beyond him we see Anton, asleep in his cha
3) 43) text: (looking at a TV in the BG silently, showing photos of Laura as a brunette) ...here's the deal: (pause. He holds up a photo of Eli Assani, the Businessman, both in a suit, and in his prison garb, with a number in front of him. His name, and "Lewisberg Federal Penitentiary") ...this is the man. (pause, to Scott) ...you're covered in blood. SCOTT
3) 50) text: ...With the Mission, sir. Burch thinks for a moment. And then draws Scott aside. Bu glances over at the television, spewing information about Laura Newton, and shakes his head with disgust. BURCH
3) 123) text: Yeah, in my wishlist, we had a drugstore, get us some morphine, some... ANGLE EXT. ANTON'S CAR. As it increases speed. ANGLE INT. SCOTT'S CAR. As he tries to staunch the fellow Scott steers with one hand. And turns off the highway at exit, showing two miles to a town. INT. SMALL TOWN PHARMACY. DAY. Scott, dressed in the farm clothes that he took off of th line. Scott is buying supplies. On the counter we see bandages, hydrogen peroxide, etc. Behind the counter we s a newscast, showing a picture of Laura Newton, in long blonde hair, and a woman is doing a talking-head about fa TV WOMAN
3) 157) text: I want to see the girl. Miller shakes his head - at the door, turns back for one last word to Scott. And then he stops. ANGLE. HIS POV. The television, in the next room, playing news program. Scott looks inquiringly at Miller, who is transfixed by the television. ANGLE the television. A "Breaking News" story. We see an overturned sailboat, and the talking head narrating: "... tragic, the stunning...the...Jim, I don't know what to say..." The woman's co-anchor, obviously very shaken, tak up the story, and we see live footage of an overturned sailboat being towed into a harbor, then inserts of "Our Redhead" Laura Newton, and, after a moment, the Professor JIM (TALKING HEAD NEWSCASTER)
3) 158) text: The death, just reported, the death of Laura Newton. The... the... ANGLE, on the TV. On two bodies being taken from the wate by medical technicians. ANGLE, the woman, as a shot of the political man we saw earlier in the newspaper, comes on the screen. TALKING HEAD WOMAN
3) 165) text: ...particularly. Particularly, Tracey, coming, right at the start of his Campaign... An insert of Laura's father, his sportcoat slung over his shoulder, comes onto the screen. TRACEY
3) 231) text: I'm just saying: Scott is distracted. He is watching the talking heads, on the bar TV talking about Laura Newton. We see the photos her in high school, with her father in some African count et cetera. ANGLE. On Grace, watching Scott. Who shakes his head very GRACE
3) 232) text: Yeah. You Marines are a weepy bunch of motherfuckers. (Scott nods minutely in acknowledgement. And returns to watching the television) ...you get a chance to bowl in that tournament...? ANGLE on Scott. Caught in the image of Laura Newton, on t television. SCOTT
5) 53) text: Now: you did me the honor to Call me. Now: you tell me how I might help. (pause) There in't nobody here, but two people in Green. (pause) Scott, looks around, he takes up a tabloid newspaper, whi has been resting on the seat of the booth. We see it is a "funeral" edition, concerning the death of Laura Newton. We see the large, color photo of Laura, her red hair, and in an insert, her father, at the gravesite, hiding his fa The caption reads "Goodbye, Baby". Scott leans over, and whispers to Black, his deepest secret. SCOTT
5) 55) text: Then, you'd better go get her. EXT. SANITORIUM. DAY. Scott, shaven, neat, and determined, standing at a bus st Reading a newspaper. Behind him, a large iron fence. ANGLE INS. The newspaper shows "The Tragic Death of Laura Newton", and photos of the accident. And a photo of a distraught woman in sunglasses, being held up by two frie ANGLE on Scott. As he looks across the street. Surreptiti ANGLE HIS POV. A plainclothes car, with two people in it, looking vaguely in his direction. ANGLE on the bus, as it pulls into the stop. We see vario people start onto the bus. At the last moment Scott, at t back of the line, sheers away. ANGLE, INT. THE PLAINCLOTHES CAR. The bus pulling away fr the bus stop, the chainlink fence beyond it, and, beyond that, a vaguely institutional-looking Colonial building. INT. SANITORIUM. DAY. A nurses station, Scott moving through the area, just ask directions of an older woman, obviously a semi-invalid.
5) 75) text: (pause. She takes up the earring and she begins to weep. She looks beseechingly at Scott) I'm her mother... She takes out a small, tattered, cheap earring box. ANGLE INS. We see the empty place for holding two earring and a small arcade photo of a five-year-old Laura Newton, and this woman, Donny, fifteen years younger. They are hugging. Scott turns over the photo to read, in a childis scrawl, "Donny, you can keep the box, cause I'll never ta them off". Donny starts to weep. SCOTT
6) 10) text: Yes. It is. Nonetheless, we tried to match it to a Current Photo... ANGLE, on Scott, as he looks, questioningly at Avi. Avi takes a photo from his desk and passes it to Scott. It sh through a long lens, blurry and grainy, a photo of what i obviously the platinum-haired Laura Newton, sitting on a in a barred room. AVI
6) 21) text: What were you going to say...? (pause) ...the Last Third in Geneva... (he exits) EXT. ROOFTOP, DUBAI. DUSK. Scott, on a rooftop, behind a raised elevator housing. Sc takes out a pair of binoculars, and Scott leans around th elevator housing. ANGLE HIS POV. Across the way, the window, and the ornate scrollwork bars, in which we, earlier, saw the photo take on Laura Newton.
8) 2) text: ...stay in your room, and... He turns as another explosion is heard, coming from the interior of the house. As he turns we hear glass breaking and see Scott entering through the window behind Laura.
8) 4) dialog: ...who...? He uses the rope outside   the   window to improvise a sl for Laura, and drapes it   over   her head, and under her Scott picks her up, and   holds   her for a moment. She s to speak. And he answers   her   question. SCOTT
8) 5) text: Stay by me. He hesitates for a moment. We hear another explosion, he nods, as if to say "That's what we're waiting for", and passes her out of the window, and begins lowering her to ground. ANGLE EXT. THE BUILDING. Laura, on the rope, reaching the ground. ANGLE INT. THE ROOM. Scott, as he turns to the sound of t door opening, two men come through the door, and he shoot ANGLE EXT. THE BUILDING. Scott puts Laura into the SUV an gets behind the driver's seat. He puts the car in gear, a it begins to drive off. ANGLE INT. THE CAR. Laura turns to face him. LAURA
8) 7) text: I'm going to take care of you. You hold on, now. (as Scott drives he reloads his weapons) LAURA
8) 11) text: You're Picasso, right...? That's who you are... He draws the Picasso sign on the windshield, she looks at having trouble focusing. LAURA
8) 14) text: You're just taking the long way home. ANGLE EXT. THE CAR. Moving through the streets. The airpo just becoming visible in the background. INT. BARE ROOM. DUBAI. NIGHT. Laura, asleep, at a small cardtable. Out of the window we see an expanse of desert and scrub. Her head is down. Sco enters the room, he moves a chair in front of the door, moves to Laura, and manhandles her to a small cot, and closes the shutters to the window. SCOTT
8) 16) text: ...you're going travelling. LAURA
8) 23) text: Put that on. Over your head. LAURA
8) 25) text: Whole world likes Blondes. That's why you're here. Put the bandana on. LAURA
8) 26) text: (as she tries to light the cigarette) I need a smoke. (He takes it away from her, and crumbles it.) ...gimme the fucken smoke. He shushes her, and moves to the window. ANGLE, EXT. The window. The first gleam of dawn. And, far off, a Muezzin is heard chanting morning prayers. Laura moves toward him, unbuttoning her blouse. LAURA
8) 28) text: Keep it together. (he takes a small hypodermic kit) Keep it together, or I'm gonna give you a shot and carry you out. She reacts violently to the sight of the needle. Beat. Th she sits on the bed and cries self-pityingly. LAURA
8) 31) text: ...that's right... LAURA
8) 33) text: They sent me... Scott looks at the pile of tobacco. He extracts the "Roge Rangers" card from his pocket and looks at it. We read, i an insert: "Rule #13: Every night, you'll be told where t Meet, if Surrounded by Superior Force". ANGLE, on Scott, as he very precisely peels the card into two thin halves, and rolls one of the halves into a cigarette, using the reclaimed tobacco from the ashtray. takes the cigarette to Laura. As a peace offering. She ta it. Beat. LAURA
8) 35) text: ...that's right. LAURA (derisively)
8) 37) text: One riot, one Ranger, you ever hear that? ANGLE, on Scott, as he hears a car outside the window. He draws a pistol and moves to the window, and looks down. H gestures Laura to be quiet. ANGLE EXT. The window. In the small, deserted street. A c pulls up. A man gets out, and looks around. Beat. Another man, and a woman, and two small children come out of the house and get into the car, which drives away.
8) 40) text: ...well, there you go. LAURA
8) 43) text: ...put the bandana on. LAURA
8) 45) text: Yeah - I heard that one. Beat. She turns away, and cries. LAURA
8) 47) text: I didn't ask you. EXT. DUBAI AIRPORT. DAY. A long view of the airport. ANGLE, a small delivery van we saw earlier. Parked in an industrial area. ANGLE INT THE VAN. Laura, dozing in the passengers seat. Scott, sitting in the driver's seat, alert, watching. ANGLE HIS POV. Seen beyond the corner of an industrial building, beyond a chainlink fence, the airport. ANGLE INT. THE CAR. Laura wakes with a start, and looks a
8) 50) text: You just keep it together. ANGLE Scott as he looks up to the sound of a plane. ANGLE HIS POV. Directly over their heads, a small bizjet, final, about to touch down. ANGLE, the chainlink fence. Scott and Laura at the fence protecting the airport. Scott moves aside the pre-cut section of fence, and gestures him through. ANGLE, inside the fence. Laura and Scott moving to the protection of a small hangar. ANGLE, beyond them, we see the bizjet come to a halt, on tarmac, and turn. We see blazoned, on its side, "Global N ANGLE, on Scott and Laura, now inside the small hangar. Scott moves to a small locker and extracts a set of coveralls, and a cap, and takes them to Laura. SCOTT
8) 51) text: (of the coveralls) You put this on. LAURA
8) 53) text: You... A pause. He turns to the sound of a car. ANGLE HIS POV. A car, on the tarmac. It comes to a stop b private plane. Beyond this private plane, we see the "Glo News" bizjet, being directed to a stop. ANGLE, on Scott, as he watches the tarmac. ANGLE HIS POV. Stoddard and several of his men, get out o the car which has stopped by the private plane. A man in fatigues emerges from the plane, and hands Stoddard a pie of paper. Stoddard begins giving this man directions. ANGLE INT. THE CARGO HANGAR. Scott and Laura, who now has the mechanics coveralls.
8) 55) text: A little walk-in-the-park. (he points her to the News jet) See there...? ANGLE EXT. THE NEWS BIZJET. Where a man in a safari jacke and a woman emerge from the plane, and glare at the sun. see this man consult his watch. ANGLE, on Scott and Laura, as he walks her out of the han and towards the news bizjet. In the B.G. We see Stoddard, and his men, at their plane. Another car pulls up to Stoddard, disgorging a man, who goes to conference with Stoddard. ANGLE, these two men. SECOND MAN
8) 56) text: (giving his report) ...all of the passenger terminals, and all access-points to the Cargo and General Aviation... LAURA
8) 59) text: ...what was your mistake...? LAURA
8) 64) text: Shussh, baby... shussh... shussh... it's going to be alright... We see him work a small hypodermic kit from the pocket of his jacket. We see Laura see it, and her eyes grow wide. SCOTT
8) 65) text: This's going to make Everything Allright... Laura reacts to the hypodermic, which Scott is bringing toward her. And screams. LAURA
8) 66) text: No! EXT. THE HANGAR AREA. We see Stoddard, and his men, about to get into their Jee stop, and turn at the sound. ANGLE INT. The Hangar Area. Signs all over marked in Arab and English - "Petrol - No Smoking!!" As Scott lunges after Laura, the door, behind her bursts open, and Stoddard and an accomplice enter, placing Laura in the midst of the hangar, between Stoddard and Scott. W stands in front of a large tanker labelled "Aviation Gaso
8) 70) text: Thank God we Found you. You know me. I work for Mister Burch. I've met you... ANGLE on Laura, standing between the two men. She is completely confused. She looks from one to another. LAURA
8) 72) text: That's right, Laura...Walk away from him. Walk to the Plane...He can't hurt you now. Walk to the plane... He points at his bizjet, outside, on the tarmac. Laura wa unsteadily, in the direction pointed, and we see a female attendant, in a vaguely military getup, get out of the pl and begin to walk toward Laura.
8) 74) text: No... He starts toward Laura. And Stoddard and his two men interpose themselves between Scott and Laura, who is approaching the plane. Stoddard's two men approach Scott. One draws a knife. ANGLE on Scott, who hangs his head, wearily. He looks dow at his empty hands. ANGLE on the man with the knife, approaching him.
8) 78) text: Cuff 'im... The man handcuffs Scott behind his back. ANGLE on Scott shaking his head to clear it, as he now struggles to his knees. ANGLE, his POV. Laura Newton, walking toward the bizjet. STODDARD
8) 86) text: The Secret Knowledge is: There Is No Secret Knowledge. (turns over his shoulder, to look at Laura, walking toward the plane) You went Beyond What Was Permitted. And the Gods Are Angry. ANGLE. On the tarmac. Laura, walking toward the plane, th petroleum storage hangar behind her. We see a vaguely military uniformed woman fall into step beside her and ta her arm. Laura looks at her. We see Laura full face, and just the shoulder of the woman escorting her. Beyond them hear the engine of the bizjet start up. LAURA
8) 88) text: ...I'm going to ask you to do Just the One More Thing... Laura looks at her questioningly. WOMAN
8) 89) text: I'm going to ask you, now, to walk away from this plane, and come with me. ANGLE, to show that the stewardess, who descended from th bizjet (the vaguely military clad young woman we saw earl is still on station outside of the bizjet, and that the woman who is walking and talking with Laura is Jackie Bla the young female sergeant we met earlier. Laura looks at uncomprehendingly. Laura begins shaking her head pathetic and protesting, drawing away from Jackie Black. LAURA
8) 92) text: (to his men, as he, Stoddard, casts a glance outside, and then back) Alright, take him outside... (the henchman hoists Scott to his feet) ANGLE, on Laura and Jackie Black. Standing immobile. Laur looks down at something. She then looks up, her face tran ANGLE, on Jackie Black's hands, she holds the cheap jewel box we saw earlier, and, in it. The photo of Laura and Do and the legend: "Donny you can keep this box, cause I wil never take them off." ANGLE XCU, on Laura, as she looks at Jackie, who now move Laura away from the bizjet, and towards the assemblage of newspeople, who are on the tarmac, around the "global new ANGLE, EXT. The Global News Jet. A female reporter, gossiping, with some of her crew, looks over in the direction of Laura and Jackie, and does a double-take. FEMALE REPORTER
8) 93) text: Oh, my God... ANGLE, on Stoddard, his man, and Scott. As they leave the hangar. Stoddard looks around. ANGLE, his POV. Inside the hangar, the fallen man, that Scott has killed. Stoddard goes back inside, to drag this man away. He looks up. And, as he does so, he sees Laura, walking with Jackie Black, toward the Global News Plane. STODDARD
8) 94) text: (yells) Wait...! ANGLE, on Jackie Black and Laura, walking toward the plan where we see the crew hurriedly setting up a camera. ANGLE, on Stoddard, as he draws his pistol, and fires tow Laura and Jackie. We see Jackie move to shield Laura, and then, struck by a bullet, she goes down. JACKIE BLACK
8) 95) text: (to Laura) Keep walking... ANGLE, on Scott, in the grip of Stoddard's henchman.
8) 98) text: Gimme an uplink Gimme an uplink... GET IT ON THE SAT. Now Now Now... Inside the jet we see various monitors, and one switches from an innocuous travelogue, to the scene at the airport and the caption "Live". We see the shot is taken from ins the plane. We see Laura stumbling toward the bizjet, and the female reporter run out of the plane, and move her to safety inside the cabin. FEMALE REPORTER
8) 99) text: (to the unseen cameraman) On her. On her, get it on the girl...Get us Out of Here... The camera shifts to the image of Laura Newton, going out live. Behind her we hear the crew shooting commands, and the door to the Global jet close, as the jet begins to ta ANGLE, INT. The Petroleum Hangar. We see Stoddard, reload his pistol. In the BG we see Scott step through his handcuffs, that is, bring them in front of his body. He takes a pistol from the henchman, who is writing on the floor. He raises the pistol and shoots the henchman. He turns on Stoddard. SCOTT
8) 103) text: No, I just wanted to bring the girl back. He shoots Stoddard, who falls. ANGLE, INT. The Bizjet, as it taxis. Laura Newton turns h face to the sound of the shot. ANGLE, her POV. Jackie Black, on the tarmac, Scott, kneel to the fallen Stoddard, and then running out of the hanga toward her. ANGLE, on Scott, running, as we see he has the key he has taken from Stoddard, and is releasing his handcuffs. ANGLE Jackie Black, bleeding, as Scott kneels to her, and cradles her. Scott looks down. Black is weakening, and obviously expiring. JACKIE BLACK