1) 0) text: We see the drawn face of a young woman. Camera tracks wit her as she runs through the thick woods. She is exerting herself heavily as she moves up a steep hillside. She loo behind her quickly, and continues. ANGLE, we see a young man, and then another, running thro the woods, out of breath. They are dressed in filthy BDU' and show several days growth of beard. The leader stops f a moment, and looks around. The two men separate. ANGLE, the  young woman, who has come to a small ledge, o a ravine.  She stops, panting, and bends over, to attempt catch her  breath. She looks around, and looks back, her to a steep  wall, a steep drop before her. ANGLE, the first young man, having come up to the spot vacated by the young woman. In the BG we see his colleagu He looks down, and sees movement in the brush below him, the ravine. He starts to descend, and then looks up. ANGLE, the young woman, pulling herself up the steep rockface. The young man regains the ledge and looks up. Camera takes him around a bend in the ledge. Standing here we discover ROBERT SCOTT. He is somewhat ol than the two men, he is very fit, also dressed in filthy BDU's. He is making a note in a small notebook, which he closes. Now, the two men look across the ravine at the yo woman, seen disappearing over a ridge.
1) 1) dialog: (quietly)
1) 2) text: ...you better catch her... The man looks around, and begins climbing up the rockface behind him, pulling himself up, hand over hand by the roo of trees. Several feet up, he falls on his back. He tries work himself to his knees and winces in pain. He looks to Scott for help.
1) 3) dialog: ...your Dad's napping on the sofa, your Mom's watching Let's Make A Deal, and God is Dead. What do you expect me to do...?
1) 7) dialog: There's always a way...Don't You tell me there's no way... A pause, as the man tries again to get to his feet. Scott looks up at the young woman on top of the ridge and gives her a "hold" gesture. She stops, at his command. Scott no as if to himself, and then kicks the young man in the rib The man starts, his eyes grow, and he gets to his feet.
1) 8) dialog: How 'bout that? That's called 'Adrenaline'. You said you Wanted In. He moves into the now-standing young man, and hits him, n heavily, but convincingly, several times.
1) 9) dialog: This is where you get in. The mugger don't care. The shooter don't care...get up...Or I will beat you to death on this fucken hill...Now: you better Catch her... He motions with his head. In the BG we see the young woma nod, and begin running again. We see her, for a moment, breast a hill, and disappear again... ANGLE, on the young man, as he looks at Scott, empty, now of self-pity, as if he just realized something.
1) 10) dialog: (responding to his look. As if to say "That's right.") There's nothing but the mission... The young man begins to climb the rockface. HOLD on Scott for a moment. INT. TRAINING FACILITY. DAY. A large, hand-painted sign hangs on the cinderblock wall the rough building. It reads: These are the precincts of pain. A goddess lives here. Her name is Victory.
1) 11) text: In front of the sign walks the young woman we saw earlier She is exhausted, she has a towel wrapped around her neck Camera takes her to Scott, who is holding a cup of coffee and making notes in the small notebook we saw earlier.
1) 13) dialog: Well done. YOUNG WOMAN (JACKIE BLACK)
1) 14) text: A signal honor to work with you, sir. SCOTT
1) 16) text: Sir: Day or Night. Black or White. You reach out for me. "Black, Jaqueline A. US 24191489." SCOTT
1) 17) text: I'll remember, Sergeant. She nods, and walks off. Scott walks toward a mess tent. is joined by George Blane, a very military-looking figure an older man. He wears an informal fatigue outfit, mismat jacket and trousers, without insignia. Scott is greeted b him, as they walk toward the mess tent. Scott shows the notebook to Blane, and Blane refers from the notebook to what we see are a group of eighty young men, in the mess tent, two of them the men we saw on the hill. Blane takes the notebook and walks off, as Scott enters the mess tent ANGLE HIS POV, Scott enters the tent. Several of the youn men react to him. He nods to them. Among them, we see the young man Scott berated on the hill, who rises and comes over to Scott. ANGLE, on Scott, who sits, as a uniformed man brings him tinfoil tray with some food on it. Scott takes out a stiletto from his pocket, presses a button and the blade emerges. He begins to use it to cut up his meat. The youn man from the hill, Anton, stands sheepishly near Scott, t Scott turns, acknowledging him. Anton takes a card out of his pocket, the size of a credi card, old, creased cardboard: It reads, "Rogers Rangers, Rules for Engagement. 1782". There is a line drawing of a man with a musket, and we read, on the card, beneath it, boldtype rules for fighting guerilla style. Written on th card, in old faded ink, "SGT. Anton, M. US. 3149584, Unit States Special Forces." The young man (Anton) shows the c to Scott.
1) 20) text: It was my father's, sir. SCOTT
1) 22) text: Yes, sir. SCOTT
1) 24) text: Yes, sir. He did. SCOTT
1) 25) text: (nods. Pause) Well, so. Scott pauses again. As he looks at the young man, who is obviously unable to express his gratitude, and sense of occasion. SCOTT
1) 30) text: (rising, as he gives the Ranger card back to Anton) You never met me. You've been up for a week. You're seeing Snakes... The exhausted men come to their feet, and into a line. Th are happy, and joking with one another. In the BG we see those who failed the course, sitting apart, file onto a b which has just pulled up. ANGLE on a young man, who looks out of the window. ANGLE HIS POV. Twenty or so similarly exhausted men, with dufflebags, are being shuffled onto the bus. ANGLE, on the young man, Anton, as he exits the tent, who stands next to Scott, outside the tent. Scott stands next an old, but pristine Mustang Cobra. He withdraws a small dufflebag from the front seat, and looks up to see Anton standing next to him. ANTON
1) 31) text: (looking after the departing, failed men) ...I can't imagine how they live with it... ANGLE on Scott. As he thinks a very brief moment, as if reluctant to become philosophical, and then turns back to SCOTT
1) 32) text: Make sure you can't imagine it, cause, if you can, it's just one step to doing it. Anton shakes his head, sadly, at the spectacle of the fai men. SCOTT
1) 37) text: (as he glances down at his clipboard) Congratulations on completion of this evolution. I know you would probably like some sleep, but I do not think you'd mind sparing ten minutes for Induction. The camera pans over the smiling faces of the eight very proud young men. ANGLE on Blane and Scott, off to the side. Beyond them, we see the bus holding the failed candidates filling up. BLANE
1) 38) text: Thank you, Bobby. SCOTT
1) 40) text: ...You going home? SCOTT
1) 42) text: (in the distance. As camera tracks with Blane and Scott) ...as I call your names: (he consults his clipboard) Grossler, Anton... These two men steps forward. ANGLE, on Anton, nodding to himself at the proudest momen of his life. ANGLE, CU Scott, looking at him.
1) 44) text: ...would you bolt the door, please...? Scott gestures to the Aide, "One Moment". BLANE (to the candidates)
1) 47) text: Only one of you may join the unit. The first man through that door will be inducted. He gestures at a far door in the room. ANGLE, on Scott, as he looks at the candidates, as they g the picture. Beat. SCOTT (to himself, quietly)
1) 48) text: ...yeah...you wanted to know the 'secret knowledge'... CU Scott  as he looks, interrogating the   two men, weigh them, as  they look at each other. Beat.   Grossler start advance  on Anton, in a fighting crouch.   Scott gestures the Aide  that that was what he wanted to   see.
1) 51) text: (into phone) ...Frontgate... We see his face grow serious, as he begins to write on a INT. MUSTANG. DAY. Scott, driving, comes around a bend.
1) 55) text: (of the top photo) It's not current. SCOTT
1) 57) text: It seems she got a makeover today. We're working on it. He hands a small log book to Scott, and points to an entr Scott looks down the entries, and glances up, now and the at the man being interrogated.
1) 60) text: Gave her a crewcut, dyed it platinum blonde... SCOTT
1) 61) text: (glancing up at the man in the chair) Met with her boyfriend at ten. Then...? The Aide shrugs, meaning, "That's it..." SCOTT
1) 63) text: He says he was... SCOTT
1) 64) text: Who else you got...? Miller gestures to an associate, who comes forward, passi photos to Scott, as Miller goes to look through the glass the young man being interrogated. AIDE
1) 65) text: ...we got the boyfriend, Michael Blake. SCOTT
1) 67) text: Was not in his dorm last night, we're shaking the trees...And... (Scott is passed another photo) Professor Gerald Sloane, notably chummy with his female students, of which she was one. Weekend home, Martha's Vineyard... SCOTT
1) 71) text: I'm light. I'm light, people...I need another team on the Professor, I need an overwatch on the boyfriend... The Aide hands him a sheet of paper, obviously a roster. Scott, looking at the board. He puts down his head for a moment, and blinks his eyes, trying to clear his head. MILLER
1) 72) text: You just come from the Cadre. SCOTT
1) 74) text: How long since you've slept? SCOTT
1) 76) text: You take a team, and Bulldog. Are you up for it? SCOTT
1) 78) text: Thank you for coming, Bobby. SCOTT
1) 82) text: (whispering) His post was Harvard Yard. Harvard Yard, Northeast Corner, Lowell House, across from her dorm. Nightwatch relieved him there, Midnight... ANGLE, on Miller in the interrogation room. Miller nods t Scott, meaning "You know what to do." ANGLE on Gaines, as Scott enters, the interrogators step back for Miller, who is obviously their superior. He moti them to continue. Camera holds Scott throughout the following interchange, with the suspect and questioners seen reflected in the gl of the door.
1) 96) text: No, no. (pause) No. (pause) And then I, (he covers his mouth as he speaks) I held the post until relieved... (he gestures at his notebook, as if to support him) Miller motions at Scott. MILLER
1) 102) text: (to Gaines) Who's lying? (pause) You or him? (pause. Gaines slightly averts his head.) ANGLE on Miller, who gives an infinitesimal sign to Scott who steps forward and slaps Gaines across the face. SCOTT
1) 106) text: I was On Post... SCOTT
1) 107) text: (as he moves towards Gaines seriously) ...you lying swine...Don't you tell me you were On Post! Miller gestures to a couple of the types who take Scott o of the room and sit him forcefully, in a chair...cautioni him to stay still.
1) 113) text: ...Where Is She? Scott turns, to Miller, who is seen, beyond the door, in conference with several government types. Scott leaves the room, and is seen, on the outskirts of t conference. MILLER
1) 119) text: (to the group) Wake him up, shake him up. He don't want to talk... (he holds out his hand, and an Aide puts some papers into it) Here's what we have him doing with his Female Students, show 'em to his wife...The Photo...? (one of the agents brings in two photographs) Here is the last known photo...of the girl. HOLD on Scott, at the back of the group, taking notes. We see him holding several newsclippings. One of them shows girl, and the headline reads "America is Seeing Red." We see the photo blown up, of the ravishingly beautiful young girl with long red hair. It features a small, red enamel crescent earring. The second photo shows the same girl, in the same pose, but now her hair is short and platinum blonde and spiky. The agent opens two boxes and begins distributing the photos to the group. MILLER
1) 128) text: It's the boyfriend. He's moving... Miller points at Scott, who rises. SCOTT
1) 130) text: (coming over to Scott) ...I've got two days to run in. Before the Press wakes up. SCOTT
1) 131) text: (as he responds to the inherent request in Miller's voice) Whatever it takes, sir... Miller nods his appreciation. Scott exits, and we HOLD on Miller giving orders to his g EXT. HARVARD YARD. NIGHT. Two students, walking through the yard. They acknowledge uniformed security guard, who walks, with his back to us. A slight, Asian young woman, her arms full of books, walk toward the camera, hurrying. She indicates something, bac over her shoulder, and the guard, who is in front of the camera, walking away, veers off in that direction.
2) 0) text: A young man (MICHAEL BLAKE) is, furtively, working on jimmying open one of a set of mailboxes. He senses someth and turns. ANGLE HIS POV. The Security Guard (Scott) standing just beyond a glass door, looking in at him. Scott enters, com to camera. SCOTT
2) 1) text: Could I see your hands, son...? The Boy, Blake, moves his hands away from his body, to sh a screwdriver. Scott motions him away from the mailbox, which we see is in the process of being demolished. Scott reads the name on the mailbox. SCOTT
2) 3) text: Um. SCOTT
2) 5) text: Yes. SCOTT
2) 6) text: Could I see some identification, please...? Mr. Newton? (Scott takes out a walkie and begins to talk into it) Ten-Twelve patrol, requesting... BLAKE
2) 7) text: No, please...please... (pause) Please, Oh, God. He starts to advance on Scott, who draws a nightstick, an keeps him at bay. SCOTT
2) 10) text: One minute, could I please talk to you for one minute...Look look look: I broke up with My Girlfriend... ANGLE EXT. THE VESTIBULE. The young Asian girl, now walki with a male friend, pass in front of the vestibule. Beyon them we see Blake and Scott, as Blake motions to the mail and moves to the mailbox and takes out a letter. ANGLE INT. THE VESTIBULE. On Scott, as he watches Blake t a letter out of the jimmied mailbox. SCOTT
2) 12) text: We broke up. Alright? Laura Newton. They know who I am. SCOTT
2) 14) text: The Secret Service. SCOTT
2) 16) text: That's right, that's right. They know who I am. You...They've "cleared" me. SCOTT
2) 22) text: Maybe she's in her room! SCOTT
2) 24) text: Maybe she's ill... INT. CORRIDOR, HARVARD DORM. NIGHT. Blake and Scott, as they walk up to a door. Scott knocks the door. SCOTT
2) 26) text: Mz Newton...this is Campus Security... He begins to fumble with keys at his belt. ANGLE INT. THE ROOM. Several agents, obviously involved i investigating the room, wearing plastic gloves, stop. One silently, unlocks the door. We   see Scott enter the room, "miming" using a key, and on   the light and look inside. We take him to her desk, he   finds several photos of her and her father - and a n on   he desk, reading "Dear Dad-Thanks for coming-signed We see the boy, Blake, out in the corridor, unable to see into the room. SCOTT
2) 28) text: ANGLE, in the hall, as Scott and Blake stand there, a you girl comes down the hall and stops, opposite her room.
2) 30) text: Hey, Mike. Sprised to see you there. (smiles) That was some Vicious Performance... She smiles brightly and goes into her room. Scott looks a Blake. EXT. HARVARD YARD. NIGHT. Blake and Scott sitting on a bench in the deserted yard. Scott holds the envelope and the letter, on which we see this symbol %-) and begin to read: "This is a sham. Your view of the world is not cockeyed, but corrupt. You cunt. And you deserve everything that is going to happen to you BLAKE
2) 31) text: ...I was just...trying to retrieve the letter. ANGLE, on Scott, as he looks at the letter. SCOTT
2) 33) text: She's...just turned 18. (Scott shakes his head, sadly. pause) I was mad. SCOTT
2) 35) text: Hit her? No. I... (he gestures to the note) I called her...I called her a whore...I... SCOTT
2) 39) text: (as if the question had not occurred to him previously) She must...she must...she must have gone home... SCOTT
2) 41) text: (gesturing around, quietly) Because the Secret Service, isn't... As they walk by a parked van, we cut inside the van. Wher we see a Secret Service type. Through the windshield we s Scott gesture "Do Not Intervene." ANGLE, on Scott and Blake, as they walk down the near- deserted Mass Ave. SCOTT
2) 43) text: It's how she signs her letters. (smiles) Cause she looks at everything cockeyed...Like Picasso - she said they called her "Picasso". (pause) SCOTT
2) 46) text: You know, her, her... (remembering) He saw her yesterday! Maybe she's...maybe she's with him! SCOTT
2) 48) text: (pause) She, uh, she got her hair done...She cut it off. She dyed it blonde. I said she looked like a slut...and... (pause) SCOTT
2) 52) text: Uh... SCOTT
2) 53) text: She seeing another fella...? (as he moves closer, confidingly) ...just between us. Off-the- record, son... ANGLE, INT. THE VAN. We hear the conversation, and see th tape machine moving. SCOTT (V.O.)
2) 60) text: She says she isn't. I said she looked like a slut. She wants to fuck old guys, she should go to The Regency. Go all the Way. SCOTT
2) 62) text: (as if everyone knows this place) S'the Club, by the Fenway...it's like a joke at school, it's like a rumor: this or that girl, made a thousand bucks, went with a businessman for One Night... Look: it's a Lover's Quarrel. I said something I regret. I sent her a note which I regret, and I assure, you, Officer. If... (pause) If you would... ANGLE. From inside the windshield of the van we see, thro their body language, that Scott is "giving the boy a brea the boy is very thankful. Scott is admonishing him and th boy is contrite. Now Scott begins to walk away, and we se him minutely, signal to the van, we see the driver of the van pick up a phone and speak softly into it. ANGLE, Scott, walking down a sidestreet. The boy in the B we see the young Asian girl, take up a tailing position s half-block back of the boy, as a car glides to the curb. Scott gets in. ANGLE, tight on Scott in the car, as he rubs his eyes, beyond exhaustion. The car pulls away.
2) 64) text: No morgue. No hospital. No note. SCOTT
2) 66) text: The mother, (makes a "drinking" gesture) You know where she is...He's holding up... (as an afterthought) He was in town yesterday. To see her. SCOTT
2) 70) text: ...the Coast Guard has a watch over this area: (he points to the chart) And they have scheduled the Colophon first... Scott and the Agent stop in front of the interrogation ro where we see the agent, Gaines, a guard over him. Gaines sitting, looking as if he had been weeping. The guard addresses Scott and the other agent.
2) 72) text: He copped to it. SCOTT
2) 74) text: (of Gaines) Off-post - punched out early to go boffing his girlfriend. Scott shakes his head as if to say "How about that..." Th agent holds a photo of a very lovely Eurasian woman in a business suit, and shows it to Scott. AGENT
2) 75) text: Hope she was worth it... SCOTT
2) 76) text: Uh huh. Scott stands wearily, watching several large men berating the seated Secret Service Agent. An agent appears with a tearsheet showing the ad for "The Regency Club". We see t ad for exotic young companions, and the address is Boston Scott gives instructions to the Aide. ANGLE INT. WASHROOM. Scott, having stripped off his shirt is washing himself at the sink. The "Regency" ad, and a description of the club is pasted with water to the mirro before him. We read, in the mirror: "REGENCY. 243 Charles Street, Boston, Mass. Owners of Record..." Et Cetera. In mirror we see the Aide bring a fresh shirt and a tie to Scott. Scott turns, as the door swings, and he sees, in t BG, ANTON, just entering the establishment. ANGLE INT. THE BOATHOUSE. A Swat team is laying out its weapons and assault gear, on a long table. HOLD on Anton, who is standing, unassigned, and looking i We see, on an improvised bulletin board, photos of the Bo Blake, the Professor, and the Girl, blown up from a newspaper shot, and in various photos. As we watch an Age walks up with a box full of photos, and tacks one up on t board. It is an altered shot showing the young girl with short, spikey platinum hair. ANGLE on Scott, dressed in a clean shirt, a tie, as he ta a photo from the box. We see him put it next to the origi blonde photo, and look at both.
2) 78) text: We ran it up from a description of the colorist from the Beauty Parlor... SCOTT
2) 79) text: Gimme your coat. The Agent takes off his suitcoat, and gives it to Scott, puts it on. ANGLE, on Scott, as he holds the photos, and the Regency description. He walks toward the door, through the mass o agents. He stops by Miller, who is on the phone, looking a photograph of the Professor, as a tech hooks up a video feed of a house on the water, the Professor's house. A ph of a sailboat is tacked up. We read 'The Colophon' on its SCOTT
2) 80) text: (to Miller) I need five thousand dollars. Miller gestures "Just a Moment", and then waves to an Aid meaning "Do It". SCOTT
2) 82) text: (shakes his head) It hits the papers, and we're done. SCOTT
2) 83) text: No...note? No... Miller shakes his head, he holds up the "Regency" note... SCOTT
2) 84) text: (nodding) I've got it... (to Miller) Can I have some backup? Miller, gesturing around the room, meaning "what you see what you get". All the occupants of the room are engaged some task, save Anton, who sits alone on a bench. Scott looks at Anton, who glances at Scott, trying to keep the appeal out of his glance, "Please take me". SCOTT
2) 87) text: Yes. Sir. Scott looks at Anton and shakes his head. He is summoned the front of the room by a young woman, who is putting ca into an envelope. Scott comes over to her, and we see her filling out a slip of paper. She hands him the cash in th envelope, and the slip of paper. YOUNG WOMAN
2) 88) text: I need you to sign it. SCOTT
2) 89) text: You sign it. (He scans the room again, shrugs, and motions to Anton) Come on, Wallflower... (Anton rises and walks over to him) Scott turns to Anton. SCOTT
2) 90) text: Now: your mouth shut. Your eyes open, and form on me...Here's where we're going... There is the sound of a gunshot. Scott and Anton instinctively take cover against the side of the building drawing their sidearms. HOLD TIGHT on Scott. As he looks through the half-open do We see several of the Swat men, taking up positions, one them kicks open a door, and his partner enters. Pause. We hear the partner call "clear". ANGLE, on Scott, as he re-enters the building, and procee pistol out, toward the room. ANGLE HIS POV. On the floor, we see the dead Secret Servi Agent, a pistol in his hand. We see Miller turn to his team. An Agent kneels to the fallen Secret Service Agent, and prods a small hideout pistol from his hand. Scott turns to leave, and sees Anto standing next to him.
2) 92) text: Don't look at him. Don't look at the Downed Man. He's dead... (as he turns his back on the scene) Kick the fool overboard... ANGLE on Anton and Scott as they leave. In the BG we see Miller et al. Miller giving directions. MILLER
2) 93) text: ...who is the girl he went to see? Get her in...The girl he was fucking...Who's got the Coastguard... TIGHT on Anton and Scott as they exit the building. SCOTT
2) 95) text: He was off-post when they snatched the girl? SCOTT
2) 96) text: (as he looks at the fallen agent) Yeah. Well, apparently, he felt bad about it... EXT. REGENCY CLUB. NIGHT. A garish neon sign, beneath which we see a couple exiting getting into their limo. Scott, in his sportcoat, walks u to the large and threatening bouncer at the velvet rope t the club. We see the bouncer bar his way, and gesture to watch, meaning "closing up". ANGLE INS. Two one-hundred dollar bills are passed to the bouncer. ANGLE, Anton, in a cab across the street, looking on. ANGLE INT. THE REGENCY CLUB. Several well-dressed couples are leaving. A group of raucous, drunk businessmen types push past them. Scott walks up to the bar. The Bartender beginning to ring out the cash register. In the BG we see manager eye Scott, and continue to direct the closing operations.
2) 98) text: Closing up... (he points to his watch) Can't sell you booze after 3 AM. SCOTT
2) 99) text: (laying money on the bar) No, no. I just came buy to pay you that money I owe you. He gestures to the bills on the bar. The Bartender swoops them up, and gestures to the back bar, meaning "What'll y have?" Scott points to a bottle of Bourbon, the Bartender pours for him. SCOTT
2) 101) text: Yuh. Whaddaya gonna do...? SCOTT
2) 103) text: ...that's right. (pause) SCOTT
2) 105) text: You from out of town...? SCOTT
2) 107) text: (as he smiles) ...that's what you're looking for...? SCOTT
2) 112) text: (smiling) You sure...? SCOTT
2) 113) text: Abso, absolutely... He brings out his case, with the photo of the platinum- haired girl. The Bartender comes over and glances at it. ANGLE XCU on Scott as he looks incisively at the Bartende who displays no flicker of recognition. SCOTT
2) 115) text: ...pretty girl... SCOTT
2) 116) text: None prettier. ANGLE on Scott, who looks around the club. We see him eye the lovely young scantily clad waitresses, who return his looks with disdain. The Bartender, observing him, comes b to him. SCOTT
2) 118) text: ...You're sure it was your daughter...? B'cause, a lot of guys, come in here, guys your age, go home with some...some rather 'younger' girl... The Bartender smiles. SCOTT
2) 119) text: (as he leans forward) Well, why would a, one of these 'younger girls'. What would they want to do with me...? The Bartender leans close and hesitates. Scott takes out several more bills and passes them to the Bartender.
2) 121) text: 'Howdy, Pard'. SCOTT
2) 123) text: (as he yawns and looks at his watch, as he pushes past Scott) I love you, Baby, but the season's over... Zimmer starts for the front door, and Scott falls into st with him. SCOTT
2) 126) text: (as he walks away, to Zimmer, of Zimmer's car) I put her back in your space... SCOTT
2) 129) text: Aren't we all. SCOTT
2) 131) text: Look, Bub... Zimmer starts to open his car door. He turns back to Scot and we see, Zimmer's POV, Anton, standing behind Scott, a the doorway to an alleyway. Obviously backing Scott up. ANGLE CU, Zimmer reacts infinitesimally, to the sight of ANGLE XCU, Scott, sees him, and slams him against the sid of the car. Zimmer reaches through the half-open door, an comes out with an automatic pistol in his hand. Scott kic him in the stomach, Zimmer tries to raise the hand with t gun, and Scott throws him to the ground, the pistol falls the concrete. ANGLE on Scott as Anton emerges from the alley. Scott directs him to drag Zimmer into the alleyway, near a dumpster. Anton thrusts his hand into the car and starts reach for the dropped pistol. SCOTT
2) 133) text: ...I think you broke my arm. SCOTT
2) 138) text: ...I think it's... SCOTT
2) 139) text: (to Anton) Pull him up... Anton pulls Zimmer to his feet. Scott puts a lock on Zimm and breaks his arm. Zimmer screams. SCOTT
2) 143) text: Some, some 'girl'... SCOTT
2) 144) text: Some 'girl', some 'pal' of yours? Where is she Now...? Anton, tossing Zimmer's coat, comes up with a small medic vial. He holds it up to Scott. Who takes it, looks at it, sniffs it. Pause. SCOTT
2) 148) text: (looking at his driver's license) Donny Zimmer. SCOTT
2) 149) text: Donny. Donny: where's the girl...? (pause) You dose her...? (pause) Where is she? Donny...? Anton tossing Zimmer's clothes comes up with an envelope. Scott takes it, and leafs through many bills. SCOTT
2) 151) text: I never saw that girl... SCOTT
2) 152) text: Oh, alright, then we've got to let you go... ANGLE CU, Scott. SCOTT
2) 154) text: No. SCOTT
2) 155) text: Good. Scott gestures to Anton to let Zimmer go. Zimmer hesitate knowing he must not move. Scott holds the photo to Zimmer face. ZIMMER
2) 159) text: That's not what girl...? (pause) Where'd you take her...? (Scott points to Zimmer's pistol. To Anton) Put your glove on. Pick up his pistol. Two knees, the other elbow, (he points to the head) Mozambique... ANGLE XCU, Anton looking at Scott, to say "Really"? ANGLE XCU Scott, nodding back, "Really". SCOTT
2) 160) text: You bet your life. Scott starts to walk away. Zimmer begins screaming. ZIMMER
2) 161) text: Wait...Wait...Wait... EXT. NORTH END, BOSTON QUIET STREET. NIGHT. A large Mercedes is parked outside on the quiet street. A chauffeur reads the paper, he half turns, sleepily, at th sight of a man walking across the street. ANGLE Scott and Anton pulling up in a Camaro. ANGLE INT. THE CAMARO. Scott and Anton, as he turns off t motor. He looks over at Anton, who holds a piece of paper ANGLE THEIR POV. A townhouse across the street. A large Mercedes in the courtyard driveway. Beat. Scott and Anton watch, as a door starts to open. SCOTT
2) 162) text: ...okay, then... Anton begins to respond, when Scott gets out of the car, motioning Anton toward the Mercedes. ANGLE EXT. THE TOWNHOUSE. We see a middle-aged Businessma coming out of a side entrance, adjusting his clothes as h walks. As Scott walks nearby - we take him to a garbage p where he retrieves a small black bag - that is, as used t transport dog shit. He walks up. ANGLE, on Anton, getting out of the Camaro. Behind him, around the corner, we see a dark van pull up. Anton motio the van to hold.
2) 165) text: (nods) 'Less you got hayfever... (he gestures at the flowering trees) Scott walks up to him, and pushes him back into the vesti ANGLE TIGHT on Scott as he flicks open his switchblade, a holds his knife up to the Businessman's throat and whispe SCOTT
2) 167) text: ...I left my case inside. There is a beat. And the far door in the vestibule is buz open. As it opens several men in Swat gear stream through the vestibule and up the stairs. Scott hands the Business over to an Agent, who takes charge of him, and camera hol on Scott, standing, wearily, at the bottom of the stairs. He motions for Anton near him to hand him a cigarette. An does so. Scott lights up. From the top of the stairs we h screams, sounds of breaking, yells, commands being shoute Beat. An Agent comes to the top of the stairs, looks down and shakes his head. Beat. Scott turns and finds the handcuffed Businessman in his field of vision. SCOTT
2) 168) text: ...they got some young girls up there...? Beat. The Businessman, terrified, is silent. Scott holds the photo of the girl in the black hair.
2) 170) dialog: You see this girl...? (pause)
2) 171) text: The Businessman looks at the photo. Scott gestures at Ant and passes the photo of Laura Newton to Anton. And then looks as if to say "In or Out?" Anton hesitates a moment, and then strikes the Businessman.
2) 179) text: We see a lot of girls. They apply. For the job, as Hostesses... ANGLE on Scott, who stands by the Tech, who is trying to reconstruct the broken computer. It prints out a file, on which we see photos of various faces. Each girl holds a placard with a number on it. ANGLE on Anton, who looks down. ANGLE HIS POV. The wastebasket. In the BG we hear Nadya going on about the benefits of working as a Hostess. He motions to Scott. Scott squats to the ground, and pours out what are reveal to be several polaroids of beautiful young women. He uses his knife to rearrange them without touching them. They a now alighted and we see the numerals twelve, thirteen, fifteen, on placards which they hold up. ANGLE on Scott, as he walks back into the interrogation r holding the sheet printed out by the computer. NADYA
2) 185) text: ...I don't understand you. SCOTT
2) 190) text: (of the platinum-haired girl) Izzat her? It's her, isn't it. She was here. Is that her...? ANGLE, on Scott, as he steps away. He takes us through th Whorehouse. In the adjacent room we see a bank of video monitors, showing people in various sexual activities. On the screen for a moment comes the face of what looks like very young girl indeed, camera swerves onto the face of t Businessman we saw outside the Whorehouse, he is disrobin BUSINESSMAN (ON TAPE)
2) 191) text: ...come over here, you little bitch...That's right, get your sweet ass over here... ANGLE on Scott. As he looks to the Businessman, himself, is seated in a chair, presided over by several agents, forced to watch the video. He turns his head away. SCOTT
2) 194) text: I...I...listen...listen: I'm a wealthy man. I am, I am not- without-friends in, in the Administration... (he takes out a business card and hands it to Scott) ...whatever it takes to... SCOTT
2) 195) text: This here, sir. This is a piece of cardboard. Scott holds the card. He shakes his head sadly. Scott nod to the Interrogator and Scott throws the card into the Businessman's lap. INTERROGATOR
2) 196) text: (as the Businessman starts to look away) Don't you look away, you son of a bitch... (he forces him to watch the video) ANGLE CU, on Scott, as he looks disgusted. Anton stands o one side, looking to Scott for a cue as to how to react. BUSINESSMAN
2) 201) text: (he takes out his business card and hands it to Scott) SCOTT
2) 208) text: ...maybe we'd... ANGLE, on Scott, now appearing transformed, and easy. He gestures "shusshh" to Anton, meaning "It is all an act". the BG we see the Interrogator browbeating the Businessma SCOTT
2) 211) text: (he shows a photo of the platinum-haired Laura to the Businessman) Where Is This Girl... The Businessman is terrified. He looks around the room in ANGLE on Scott, as camera takes him to where the Female Agent is interrogating the Young Whore. Anton follows. YOUNG WHORE
2) 218) text: I think that's the girl...they took her. The two, two men...they... (she draws the Female Agent closer, frightened) ...they gave her a shot... ANGLE on Scott, as he turns back to Nadya. NADYA
2) 222) text: ...ohmigod... ANGLE on Miller, as he beckons Scott. Anton starts to com and Miller signals him to stay behind. SCOTT
2) 223) text: He's with me... Miller nods and the three walk out of the room. ANGLE on Scott, as he and Miller retreat behind a door. B MILLER
2) 224) text: (as it dawns on him) They don't know who they've got...they just snatched "some Young Girl". When they find out, they're going to have to... Scott moves back to Nadya. SCOTT
2) 225) text: She was here. She was here, where is she...? WHERE IS SHE? (Scott thrusts the Laura Newton photo at her) She was here - NADYA
2) 226) text: ...I...I don't know if this is the... SCOTT
2) 229) text: ...they'll kill me. SCOTT
2) 231) text: I...it's just a number, I... Miller pushes a pad of paper and a pencil across to her. ANGLE TIGHT on Scott. As he looks on. Beat. He nods, as i to say "We're getting there". There is the sound of a pho ringing, and an Agent comes in, and beckons Miller, who waves him away. The Agent indicates, "No, you have to tak this call." Miller steps back from Nadya, not wanting to break the mood, and moves toward the phone. Scott moves t stand by the girl. ANGLE on Scott as he pushes the paper toward her, again, forcing and willing her to put down the number. MILLER (softly. To phone)
2) 232) text: ...hello... INT. FOOTBALL STADIUM. NIGHT. A helicopter is settling onto the playing field. ANGLE. Two men getting out of a Suburban, across the fiel run toward the helicopter. ANGLE, a powerful-looking older man in a suit, BURCH, ste down from the helicopter, and an Aide greets him and lead him away from the helicopter. We see the Aide indicate th two men running toward them. Burch turns. ANGLE HIS POV. Miller and Scott, who join with Burch, as they all move toward the stadium building. INT. STADIUM BUILDING, LUNCHROOM. NIGHT. ANGLE, on an assembly of the information of the chase. On table, the photos of the Eurasian businesswoman, of Laura Newton, of the Regency Club. A disassembled machine pisto and a cup of steaming coffee. HOLD on Scott, looking at something, off. As he picks up cup of coffee. Beyond him we see Anton, asleep in his cha
2) 240) text: (pause) "...just some girl..." (pause) ANGLE. HOLD on Scott. Sitting quietly, as he watches the other men. Stoddard takes out a cigar case. Looks to Burch, who nods his consent, and Stoddard takes out a black cigar, and lights it. BURCH
2) 259) dialog: (under his breath, not realizing he's speaking) They kill her.
2) 262) text: Now: Let's talk some commonsense: (pause) What can you do for me? (to Miller) ...who is that...? (Miller whispers to Burch. To Scott) ...Get in here... (Scott comes and stands by Burch) Scott, and then Miller, looks at Burch's clean-cut and ve fit assistant, Stoddard. There is a pause, and then Burch motions Stoddard to leave the room, which he does. Pause. BURCH
2) 275) text: They've got some action on the Payphone... Scott and Anton start to get to their feet. EXT. COPLEY SQUARE, DOWNTOWN. NIGHT. In the foreground we see a lonely payphone in the deserte square. It is festooned with ads for escort services. In deep background we see the lights on in a corner bank building, and the cleaners at work. ANGLE INT. THE BANK. One of the cleaners polishes the counter in the bank. He wipes his brow and looks outside. ANGLE HIS POV. A sedan at the curb. Beyond it, a man, smoking a cigarette, stands near the payphone.
2) 277) text: ...who's walking up on us...? ANGLE, Anton, as he looks around, down at Scott, and then at a man in a suit, some thirty yards away, walking towar the car. Anton, as the man draws closer, looks down at Scott, as i to say "How did you know"? SCOTT
2) 279) text: Boston. P.D. We see Scott, relax for a moment. And then, putting Anton out of his misery. SCOTT
2) 281) text: ...and in the Desert? SCOTT
3) 0) text: Scott and Anton, in the sedan. Anton listening on the earpiece. Anton brightens. ANTON
3) 1) text: ...they're moving... Anton starts to put the car in gear, an Agent comes joggi down the street, out of an alley, and motions Anton aside and gets into the car. EXT. BOSTON HIGHWAY. NIGHT. A shot of the helicopter, flying over the highway. ANGLE, the sedan speeding down the deserted highway, the city in the background. The helicopter, flying away overh INT. SCOTT'S CAR. A Driver, Scott, and Anton. Listening to transmissions on the radio. As they drive Anton leans forward, his hands o the seatback of the front seat. Scott picks up one of Anton's hands, and turns it over. SCOTT
3) 3) text: (as he looks down, and then realizes the nature of the question) ...it's a wedding ring. SCOTT
3) 4) text: ...take it off. (pause. While Anton hesitates, not comprehending) ...the ring clicks against your riflestock, some sonobitch hears that noise, hundred yards out, and you're gonna get me killed. Anton nods, and begins to work the ring off his finger. ANGLE THEIR POV. Far ahead, the speeding sedan turns off highway, onto a "feeder" road. Anton and Scott in the backseat. As we see Anton take out machine pistol from his "Go" bag, and check it. Scott loo at him. A chatter comes over the radio, and Scott address the two men in the front seat.
3) 7) text: One Five Four Nine, Alpha Sierra, Mass Reg. William Barak. Somerville, Mass... SCOTT
3) 9) text: Also, owner of Record, In Essex... SCOTT
3) 11) text: It...it'd be a Beach house... SCOTT
3) 13) text: ...sir... SCOTT
3) 14) text: Nobody out there... (to Anton) Just. Him. (to the Driver) You indicate that you heard me. (beat. The Driver nods) Put it out. (the Driver begins to speak softly, relaying his instructions on the radio. Scott turns to Anton. Softly) How you doing bright eyes...? (Anton nods. Beat, as Scott looks him over)
3) 16) text: ...breathe through your nose. Anton looks at Scott inquisitively, not sure he has heard SCOTT
3) 18) text: Sir, Yes, Sir. SCOTT
3) 19) text: (to himself) ...alright, then... ANGLE the Sedan, on the deserted highway. HOLD. We see another car come screaming up behind it, doing one-ten, a red light on the roof, flashing. ANGLE INT. THE SEDAN. A middle-aged man watches the other car come up, and disappear around a bend, going furiously EXT. ESSEX BEACH. NIGHT. The margin of the scrubwoods, in the dunes. Scott and Ant moving quietly through the woods. Scott points to Anton, indicating where he should stop. ANGLE, Scott's POV. A run-down beach house on a deserted cove. The blue light of a television flickering through t window. ANGLE, Scott peering through some scrubgrass. We see he holds a small handful of torn-off grass before and over h face, to break up his outline. He turns. To Anton, who stands next to him, holding a sniper rifle. He points out position to Anton. ANTON
3) 20) text: ...you want me to Come Through the Door...? SCOTT
3) 21) text: (as he checks his weapons. He shakes his head.) Don't you go through the door without an Overwatch. He takes the small handful of grass and throws it into th air, watching the way the wind takes it. Scott gestures t Anton to take up a position beside a small run-down boat
3) 24) text: (as he sees Scott) ...what the fuck...? SCOTT
3) 26) text: The Sedan Man is put a bit off, as the comment makes no sense. Scott uses the moment to advance toward the man. SCOTT
3) 27) text: ...what the hell you got the TV on for, there's nobody here...? (the man puts up his hands) I don't wanna hurt you. Why would I hurt you? I just wanna know why the TV's on. ANGLE EXT. THE BUILDING. Where we see the man, and Scott. see the scene in green, through a sniperscope. ANGLE, on Anton, looking through the scope. ANGLE CU Anton, as he sees something in the scope. ANGLE, in the house. Scott advancing toward the man. SCOTT
3) 28) text: ...I just wannit to know, I just came to ask you that question... The man backs up, past a half-open glass French door. ANGLE, on Scott, as he advances toward the man. ANGLE, ANTON'S POV. Through the sniperscope. The faint traces of what might be the Picasso symbol. ANGLE, on Anton, as we see him move the sniperscope and adjust its magnification toward the symbol. In a corner o the scope, we see another man, in a dirty white shirt, emerge, coming up the stairs from what might be the basem of the beach house. We see this man take in the scene in next room, and secrete himself behind a wall.
3) 30) text: I'm Coming Up... ANGLE, Anton, inside the house, in a covering position, watching out. Scott comes up the stairs. SCOTT
3) 31) text: (to Anton) Call em in... We see Anton take out a walkie and talk into it, Scott proceeds to the Sedan Man. He kneels by him. SCOTT
3) 34) text: You're dying. You're dying, man. Where is the girl... Beat. The man begins to shudder, violently, and then stop obviously dead. Beat. Scott throws the dead man down onto the floor. Beat. ANGLE, on Anton, who turns to look back. He stares at the dead man. SCOTT
3) 35) text: ...well, you wanted to know... (pause. Scott kicks the dead man viciously) Anton looks at Scott. Beat. SCOTT
3) 36) text: (to himself) Yeah, everybody wants to know the Secret Knowledge... Scott sits on a chair, by an old rolltop desk. On the des we see a bunch of junk, old cigarette packets, empty. A b half-full of yellowing stationary. Scott prods the statio with his knife. We read, in an insert: "Hanson Marine. Everything for the boat. Box 38 Essex, Mass." (and see, o the envelope, an old fashioned, stylized drawing of an ol chriscraft-like power boat). We hear the sound of a helicopter. And Scott turns, looki out of the window. He then turns back, to see Anton, who standing, looking down at the man he shot. Anton, feeling Scott's gaze, turns to look at him.
3) 39) text: ...tell it to the Chaplain. Scott gets up wearily, and walks toward the door out onto the beach. We see a helicopter landing, and several men i BDU's, jumping out, and proceeding toward the house. INT. STADIUM DRESSING ROOM. DAY. Burch and his Aide. As Scott and Anton enter. Followed by Miller.
3) 41) text: ...apparently, had her hair restyled, and cut today, our Newsteam interviewed her stylist, and has reconstructed... SCOTT
3) 42) text: Ah, shit... ANGLE. He is summoned, into the next room. By Burch et al Burch and his Aide. As Scott comes in with Anton, followe by Miller. Burch takes Scott aside. BURCH
3) 43) text: (looking at a TV in the BG silently, showing photos of Laura as a brunette) ...here's the deal: (pause. He holds up a photo of Eli Assani, the Businessman, both in a suit, and in his prison garb, with a number in front of him. His name, and "Lewisberg Federal Penitentiary") ...this is the man. (pause, to Scott) ...you're covered in blood. SCOTT
3) 44) text: Sir, it ain't mine. (Burch looks at Anton. Scott, seeing his glance) On my team, sir. BURCH
3) 45) text: How deep is he? SCOTT
3) 48) text: Yeah, well. He may have to be a little more than On the Team... (pause. After considering) I've been speaking to the father. (pause) Burch walks a few steps away. Thinking. Scott looks at An questioning. BURCH
3) 49) text: (pause) What about if we had to go "off the meter"? SCOTT
3) 50) text: ...With the Mission, sir. Burch thinks for a moment. And then draws Scott aside. Bu glances over at the television, spewing information about Laura Newton, and shakes his head with disgust. BURCH
3) 51) text: (to himself) ...I'm out of time... He turns back to Scott. And gestures him into a small roo and closes the door. BURCH
3) 52) text: ...man to man. SCOTT
3) 54) text: I. Need. To Ask You. To do something. (he is hard-pressed to continue) SCOTT
3) 57) text: This man...Placed a phonecall. Yesterday. From the phonebank at Lewisberg. To the Copley Payphone. (pause) Here's the cut-off-point... (he looks meaningfully at Scott. Pause) ...here it is: This man, Eli Assani, is to be transported, tomorrow, Wednesday, with another convict. A Man on Death Row. For their medical procedures...Now: EXT. COUNTRY ROAD. DAY. A Police Cruiser coming quickly down a two-lane, deserted ANGLE INT. THE CRUISER. A road sign reads "Just Two Miles 'The Owl', Rest Stop, Restaurant, Gas-Diesel". ANGLE EXT. THE OWL. Rest Stop. A run-down rural gas stati restaurant. Off to the side we see the cruiser coming dow the road. As a roughly-dressed man runs out of the restau carrying a full paper bag in his hand. The Cruiser, unsee by the man, pulls up to the gas pump, and the Trooper sta to get out of the driver's seat. When gunfire erupts from the restaurant. People are shooting at the fleeing man. A man opens the door of the restaurant and fires at the roughly-dressed man in a very urban leather jacket, who returns fire. Glass breaks in the windows of the restaura The roughly-dressed man runs to his car, an 80's Pontiac, parked near the pumps. The man in the doorway fires again and the windshield of the Pontiac blows out and a tire bursts. The roughly-dressed man returns fire, and the man the doorway falls. The roughly-dressed man turns to see t the Trooper is out of his Cruiser, and is about to fire a him. The roughly-dressed man drops his satchel, and fires the Trooper, who falls. The paper bag has fallen to the ground and burst, and currency is spilling out of it, and being taken on the wi The roughly-dressed man frantically begins to try to scoo it up and into his jacket. ANGLE CU on this man, who we now see is SCOTT. He stands around, and moves to the fallen Trooper. He strips the ke from the Trooper's keyring, and looks up. Feeling someone gazing at him. ANGLE HIS POV. In the car, two convicts, a Heavyset Man a ELI ASSANI, the middle-eastern man we saw in the mugshot. is holding his neck, which is bleeding copiously.
3) 60) text: Yeah, two twelve sierra took all the 20 he's gonna take...Oh, man, you left him there... ANGLE on Scott driving. He looks behind him. ANGLE, POV. In the rearview mirror. A dust cloud settling over the deserted highway. ANGLE INT. THE OWL. Various techies, in the kitchen, monitoring the broadcast of the microphone in the Police Anton among them. The Trooper comes in, taking off his bullet-proof vest, and sits to listen, where we find Mill and his Agents. The 'Restaurant Owner', who we now see is Anton, takes off his jacket and his bullet-proof vest and picks a slug, fired by Scott, out of the center of the ve HEAVYSET CONVICT (V.O.)
3) 66) text: Shut up. ANGLE, EXT. COUNTRY ROAD. The car comes to a panic stop, fifty yards beyond a turnoff onto a dirt road. The car is put in gear, backs up, and takes the road. EXT. FARM ROAD. DAY. The car comes quickly up a small farm road, we see a run- down barn, and a farmhouse, washing on the line. Scott pu the car into the barn, next to an old pick-up truck. He g out of the car, we hear Assani in the backseat calling to ANGLE, Scott, as he turns to Assani, who is pressing a blood-soaked shirt to his neck. Calling "Help me". Scott opens the back door of the Cruiser, and the Heavyse Man gets out, and offers his manacled hands for release. Scott motions to Assani. SCOTT
3) 67) text: ...drag him out... (the man does so. Scott motions for them to be quiet) ...got some business to do... He takes his pistol and walks toward the farmhouse. HOLD on Assani, and the other Convict, Assani is holding rag to his bleeding neck. ASSANI
3) 69) text: ...yeah, I heard yah... ANGLE, on Scott, as he walks past a clothesline heavy wit drying clothes, he is seen to go into the house. We hear woman's scream, and then two shots are fired. ANGLE INT. THE HOUSE. As Scott is found at a table in the kitchen next to which are various foodstuffs laid out. Inside the house we see a female techie, at a table by th wall, various communications gear in front of her. Scott begins loading up his pockets with food. The techie hands Scott a slate on which is written, in large block letters "The helo is standing by, will assault in support when yo have found the girl. On your command." Scott gestures for the slate, and writes on it, and hands it back. Scott nod and walks out of the house.
3) 71) text: Yeah, Baby. Pass some my way... SCOTT
3) 72) text: Sorry, my man...traveling light... He turns to the Heavyset Man, and fires his revolver at h twice. The man falls, dead. Scott turns his revolver at Assani, who begins to scream. ASSANI
3) 82) text: Oh, ah, ah, but you do believe me...I see it...you do. I can get us out. Help me. I SWEAR TO YOU. HELP ME...and I will treat you like a brother...I... Scott advances on him. SCOTT
3) 87) text: No, no. Listen to me...listen...make one call. One call - go in the house. Make One Call. ONE CALL. An Aviation Company. Tell...tell them...tell them the word I say, and they will say: THE PLANE WILL MEET YOU AT... (Scott hesitates for a moment, and Assani attempts to capitalize on it) Yes. Yes... INT. PICK-UP TRUCK. DAY. Scott is driving. The dash is littered with empty coffeec cigarette packs. He turns. ANGLE HIS POV. Assani, sitting in the shotgun seat, a map his lap, looking at him. SCOTT
3) 89) text: No. (pause) I am not. SCOTT
3) 91) text: I was thinking...how fucking surprised you're going to be. (pause) Because, Baby, you just did that fucken good turn, going to Make You Rich, Fat, and Happy... SCOTT
3) 96) text: ...you like girls...? SCOTT
3) 97) text: Better question, where you've been so long, do you like girls? Scott grins, and Assani shares the moment with him. ASSANI
3) 98) text: We have. You will have...the most beautiful... SCOTT
3) 100) text: Not women, Baby. Girls. You got to trust me, I'm the Doctor here...All young. All blonde... SCOTT
3) 102) text: In Dubai. In Yemen... SCOTT
3) 104) text: ...what do you have here...? SCOTT
3) 109) text: When we get to Maskala... SCOTT
3) 111) text: ...when we get to Dubai, better... SCOTT
3) 113) text: ...that's where we clean them up. We ship them Rough, we make them Smooth, and everybody's happy. SCOTT
3) 115) text: If there's a girl, in the pipeline, tonight, you shall have her, what do you say to that? SCOTT
3) 117) text: No, no baby. Take it to the    bank. The Arabs, Man. All the oil    - all the money in the world.    What can't they have? Booze and    Pussy. How do they get it...? SCOTT
3) 118) text: You the candy man? Is that it? Assani begins to swoon. He puts his hand to his neck, and comes away covered in blood, where it was cut by the glas fragment. SCOTT
3) 121) text: Yeah, no. I'm bleeding bad here, friend... SCOTT
3) 122) text: (he looks over) Yeah, we just, we got to get some...yeah, you need, all we need, some tailoring tools. ANGLE, Sedan. Holding Anton and several agents, listening the broadcast from Scott's car. SCOTT
3) 123) text: Yeah, in my wishlist, we had a drugstore, get us some morphine, some... ANGLE EXT. ANTON'S CAR. As it increases speed. ANGLE INT. SCOTT'S CAR. As he tries to staunch the fellow Scott steers with one hand. And turns off the highway at exit, showing two miles to a town. INT. SMALL TOWN PHARMACY. DAY. Scott, dressed in the farm clothes that he took off of th line. Scott is buying supplies. On the counter we see bandages, hydrogen peroxide, etc. Behind the counter we s a newscast, showing a picture of Laura Newton, in long blonde hair, and a woman is doing a talking-head about fa TV WOMAN
3) 124) text: ...America's Number One Redhead, "She Sets the Style, She Brings a Smile", she's Betty co-ed, in College, and she's off for what her father's office says is an "extended sailing weekend". (the screen shows a sailboat) With "person or persons unknown"...yo ho, yo Ho...she "old" enough for that, our "Little Red Riding-Hood", Cathy...? Scott ignores the screen. ANGLE EXT. THE STORE. In back, Assani is sitting in the pickup, a woman driving another beat-up pickup pulls into the lot, there is a shotgun in the rack by the rear windo Assani crouches lower, to prevent being seen. ANGLE INT. THE STORE. As Scott is checking out. A policem enters from the police car. We see it is Anton.
3) 126) text: (whispers) ...the helo just went down... SCOTT
3) 128) text: ...the assault helicopter. You've got no backup, at the house. (beat. Scott nods) You'll be in there, alone, the first few minutes... SCOTT
3) 130) text: You said "Never go in without an overwatch". SCOTT
3) 132) text: You know you deliver him in the door, you know they're going to waste you. SCOTT
3) 133) text: ...gimme whatever nine mil you've got... Anton takes out the magazines in the pouches on his belt. And starts to strip off the rounds. SCOTT
3) 134) text: ...just gimme the mags... (Anton does so) ...gimme your piece. Anton takes the pistol from his belt. Scott checks it, an puts it in the small of his back. ANGLE EXT. THE STORE. Assani, in the pickup, sees through small window in the store. ANGLE on Anton and Scott. Scott is walking away from him, and Anton puts a hand on him, and turns him back.
3) 136) text: Thank you... ANGLE on Anton, as we see something occur to him. He turn to the other officer with him, and asks a question, and w see the other officer hand Anton several magazines of ammunition. ANGLE on Scott, as he is coming out of the back door. ANGLE on Anton, as he follows him. ANTON
3) 137) text: (calling) Mister...mister: you forgot your change... ANGLE on Scott, as he turns back. We see Anton bringing t ammunition. ANGLE on Assani, weak, holding the shotgun, as he support himself along the wall, he peers around the corner, at An and Scott. ANTON
3) 138) text: (sotto) ...you better take care of yourself, because... ANGLE, on Assani, who comes around the corner, and fires shotgun at Anton, who falls. Scott screams "No". ANGLE, on Scott, who drops the packages, and turns to Ass who is jacking another round into the chamber of the shot Scott draws and fires at him several times. ANGLE on Scott, who kicks away the shotgun, and turns bac to Anton, who is crawling on his back, out of the line of fire... ANTON
3) 139) text: A...I'm alright...I'm alright... ANGLE, on Scott, turning to look at Anton. And, then, bac at the obviously dead Assani. INT. SMALL TOWN HOSPITAL. DAY. In a waiting room. Scott, who looks up, as Miller enters.
3) 141) text: Your partner's going to be alright. SCOTT
3) 144) dialog: ...Sir...? Miller turns back, understanding Scott's request. MILLER
3) 145) text: (sits, acceding to Scott's request) ...Air Force Assault is airborne, five minutes out. (pause, Scott shakes his head sadly) Standing down's a bitch. SCOTT
3) 147) text: They'll get her out, if she's in there... (pause, as he looks at Scott) You did your part, what the fuck do you want, a Citation? Out of the window we see a   medical helicopter. Its roto just starting to turn. We   see two white-coated medical carrying bags, run toward   the medical copter. An Aide c in, and gestures to Miller   that the copter is ready to
3) 149) text: Where are you going. SCOTT
3) 154) text: There's no room. SCOTT
3) 156) text: Let him hear the assault on the Net... SCOTT
3) 157) text: I want to see the girl. Miller shakes his head - at the door, turns back for one last word to Scott. And then he stops. ANGLE. HIS POV. The television, in the next room, playing news program. Scott looks inquiringly at Miller, who is transfixed by the television. ANGLE the television. A "Breaking News" story. We see an overturned sailboat, and the talking head narrating: "... tragic, the stunning...the...Jim, I don't know what to say..." The woman's co-anchor, obviously very shaken, tak up the story, and we see live footage of an overturned sailboat being towed into a harbor, then inserts of "Our Redhead" Laura Newton, and, after a moment, the Professor JIM (TALKING HEAD NEWSCASTER)
3) 163) text: With her professor, Professor...? (the video shows the Professor) ANGLE, on Tracey, as she is overcome, and tries to steady herself. ANGLE, on Miller, and the Troopers in the room. Miller lo away from the screen, to Scott. TRACEY
3) 166) text: Will he delay the start of the Campaign? ANGLE. On Scott. As he is found, standing, near the television. Off to the side, behind him, we see Miller, intently, on the phone, listening. JIM
3) 171) text: (sadly) ...and that would be the Last time...that... ANGLE. On Scott. As he is looking at the television, he shakes his head minutely, as if in a dialogue with himsel He walks back to the interrogation room. Scott sits heavily. Miller walks in and sits next to him. MILLER
3) 172) text: Her boyfriend called her a slut. She went off to prove it. Her and the Professor. Coked up, boat capsized...Both bodies washed up naked. Coast Guard dressed 'em up...full of Ecstasy... SCOTT
3) 175) text: (almost to himself) ...so much death. SCOTT
3) 176) text: (philosophically, as if summing the whole thing up) ...rock crushes scissors... We see Miller leave, as Scott turns away, and lights a cigarette. Miller turns back. MILLER
3) 179) text: He isn't my man, Sir. He's a trainee. Beat. Miller leaves the room. Scott hangs his head with weariness. INT. GOVERNMENT TRANSPORT PLANE. NIGHT. Anton, in bandages, in a bunk in the transport plane. Sco asleep, in a chair near him. ANGLE on Anton, as he comes awake. ANTON
3) 180) text: ...what time is it? SCOTT
3) 182) text: I fucked up. SCOTT
3) 184) text: (groggily, as he tries to move, to draw closer to Scott) ...but I was trying to help. (Scott reacts to Anton's pain.) SCOTT
3) 185) text: What? Do you want some more Dope? Whaddaya want, a Dr. Pepper...? Scott takes a pill vial from Anton's jacket. Takes out a pill, and administers it to him. ANTON
3) 188) text: ...yeah, well, that's when people generally do fuck up. Wait for that to kick in. (Anton starts to lay back, and then, as if he is remembering something, he draws closer to Scott again.) You're gonna take that fight to bed for a while. You don't got to do it all now. Anton gestures Scott to draw close. ANTON
3) 189) text: (sotto) I saw the sign. ANGLE XCU on Scott as he turns away. SCOTT
3) 190) text: ...uh huh... Scott turns away. ANTON
3) 191) text: (drawing him back, as if saying LISTEN:) I saw the sign...at the Cape. In the House. SCOTT
3) 193) text: ...when I dropped the guy. The girl's Picasso sign... (he draws the sign in the condensation on the plane's window) She was there. At the Cape. The girl was there. SCOTT
3) 196) text: ...I saw the sign... SCOTT
3) 197) text: (turning away) ...then you are Truly Blessed. INT. TRAINING FACILITY. DAY. We see the Dojo, training room. Several exhausted young m in sweat stained fatigues watch a lecturer, with a knife his hand, demonstrating a manoeuvre with a trainee. Beyond, on the wall, we see the sign. "These are the precincts of pain. A Godess lives here. Her name is Victo Beyond, through the open doors, we see Scott's Mustang driven up to a nearby building. A young man gets out. ANGLE, INT. THE BUILDING. Scott, rested, clean, shaved, drinking a cup of coffee. Sitting across a desk from an Interrogator, who has several notes in front of him. INTERROGATOR
3) 198) text: ...from the house, a house, a holding facility, a compound? called Maskala. The girls are taken from Maskala, to the ...Royale Hotel, in Dubai. (he closes the notes, as if completing his presentation) As time passes, you may remember other aspects of...well, (the Interrogator stands) You've heard this speech before... He extends his hand to Scott. Scott looks inquisitively a him, then pauses, then stands. ANGLE EXT. THIS BUILDING. Scott exiting, as Blane comes o of his office. They walk through the compound. And to the camera, toward the Mustang. SCOTT
3) 202) text: Is it in contemplation, sir...? (pause) ANGLE, on Blane, who looks at him to say "you know better than to ask." SCOTT
3) 204) text: You need a rest, Bobby. (pause. as he extends his hand) Thank you, Bobby... Scott puts down the small yellow duffle he carries, next his Mustang. The young man who drove it in stands by, as Blane and Scott shake hands. Scott looks at the training facility. ANGLE HIS POV. The lecturer, executing unarmed combat mov against a trainee, who holds a knife. The lecturer puts t trainee on his back. Scott starts to walk toward this facility. He stands outs by an open double-door, next to a water cooler, and draws himself a cup of water, which he drinks. As he watches th lesson. He turns back, as he sees the young man who drove in the Mustang pick up the yellow duffle, to put it into the car SCOTT
3) 205) text: ...please don't touch that. (Scott picks up the duffle and puts the strap over his shoulder) ANGLE, Scott's POV, as he turns. We see the young female sergeant, Jackie Black, in the BG, walking across the are Scott nods at her. She nods back. Scott starts to get int his car, and then turns back. ANGLE. SCOTT'S POV as the trainee on the mat gets up, and the lecturer gestures at the knife he has dropped on the LECTURER
3) 212) text: There are two ways to fight, you can fight fair, or you can fight to win. The Trainee puts his hand to his head, and discovers he i bleeding. The Lecturer nods his permission, and the Train walks to a water cooler, next to which Scott is standing. Scott looks at the shamed Trainee. SCOTT
3) 217) text: Hey, fuck it, Huh...? SCOTT
3) 218) text: I've always thought so. Scott gestures for another round to the bartender. Who is serving some rough trucker types, two of whom are at the with a couple of very attractive young women. One is a stunning redhead, who looks back at Scott. GRACE
3) 219) text: How'd the puppy like it out there? He piss in the punchbowl? SCOTT
3) 221) text: I heard he caught poison ivy. SCOTT
3) 223) text: What? SCOTT
3) 225) text: Why would I be recruiting? SCOTT
3) 230) text: Ain't you overdue for some Down Time? SCOTT
3) 231) text: I'm just saying: Scott is distracted. He is watching the talking heads, on the bar TV talking about Laura Newton. We see the photos her in high school, with her father in some African count et cetera. ANGLE. On Grace, watching Scott. Who shakes his head very GRACE
3) 232) text: Yeah. You Marines are a weepy bunch of motherfuckers. (Scott nods minutely in acknowledgement. And returns to watching the television) ...you get a chance to bowl in that tournament...? ANGLE on Scott. Caught in the image of Laura Newton, on t television. SCOTT
3) 234) text: ...you say something, Mister...? SCOTT
3) 237) text: (pause) Or are you "funny" or something...? (pause. Hold for a beat, on the confused face of the Trucker) Siddown. Lemme buy you a drink. INT. SLEAZY MOTEL ROOM. DAWN. A sound of a truck, coming down the highway. ANGLE, on the doorknob of the hotel room. We see several quarters stacked. As the truck sound comes closer, the quarters start to rumble, and fall off the doorknob. ANGLE, on the floor, a glass ashtray. The quarters fall i the ashtray. ANGLE, Scott, in bed, naked, comes awake, as the quarters hit the ashtray. He has a pistol in hand, and awakes with start, screaming. He surveys the motel room, taking in hi new surroundings. Beat. Next to him, the redhead from the bar, also naked, comes awake, frightened, looking at Scot ANGLE, on Scott, as he surveys the hotel room. ANGLE HIS POV. On a dresser, a cheap imitation pewter bow an orange and a banana in it, on the table next to it, hi switchblade, open, and the remains of a peeled apple. He looks at the knife, and at the girl. SCOTT
3) 238) text: You peel the apple? She nods, not sure how to take Scott. SCOTT
3) 241) dialog: (pause. Scott does so, cleaning the blade on a napkin)
4) 1) text: ...it's an odd knife. SCOTT
4) 3) text: Was it a gift...? SCOTT
4) 4) text: No. As I remember, he seemed rather reluctant to part with it. (pause) It's just a knife. EXT. SMALL RURAL VILLAGE. MAIN STREET. DAY. A three store town. A couple of pickup trucks parked in front of the country store. Scott's Mustang parked next t them. A large, filled, double-length log truck speeds through the village. Scott, in his lumber jacket, is assembling various maintenance items on the checkout coun A large paintbrush, several boxes of nails, a gallon of paint. The Proprietor, a good-natured fellow in his fifti comes up to the counter to check Scott out.
4) 6) text: How you been, John...? SCOTT
4) 8) text: ...bet you have... SCOTT
4) 9) text: How you, Billy...? Proprietor pours Scott a cup of coffee from the pot on th back counter. He mixes in sugar and cream. Billy nods in response to Scott's question. PROPRIETOR
4) 10) text: ...one gallon goin to do it...? SCOTT
4) 12) text: Nope, just trine a sell you some paint... (as he puts the cup down in front of Scott. Joking) ...but, now you mention it... ANGLE, On Billy, as he moves to a new customer, a farmer, who comes in, and nods at Scott.
4) 14) text: Mr. Reese, how are you...? (Billy goes to take care of the new customer, and turns back to deal with Scott, who is waiting to ask a question) That new saw blade come in? BILLY
4) 17) text: (as an afterthought) ...'spected you back a few days ago... SCOTT
4) 18) text: (looking out the window, absently) I took the Long Way Home. ANGLE Scott, who is looking, over his coffee, at somethin on the street. And we see, his POV, a very city rent-a-ca which is now across the street. We see a man getting out the car. EXT. GAS STATION. COUNTRY VILLAGE. DAY. We see the back of a man, next to the rental car, which i next to the Mustang. He turns, and we see that it is Anto his arm in a slig, his face creased by pellet scars. ANGLE, his POV. Looking at Scott, who has just snuck up behind him. SCOTT
4) 20) text: There's nothing in my right hand. SCOTT
4) 21) text: Could I see it, please...? Anton holds up his right hand. Scott relaxes, and comes forward. Anton gestures, meaning, "what was that about"? Scott takes Anton's right hand, by the wrist, and turns i over. He explains: SCOTT
4) 25) text: Then I have to guess you're not "on assignment". (pause) You're in the wrong place, baby. (pause) How did you find me...? Anton gestures at the "Oilchange" sticker on the Mustang' windshield. ANGLE from INT. The Car. We see the sticker reading "Mike Service Station, Bradford, PA". And beyond it, the actual old, tin sign of the garage, reading "Mike's Service Stat ANGLE, on Scott and Anton. SCOTT
4) 27) text: I need to talk to you. A beat. Scott shakes his head, as if in a sad comment to himself. He sighs. EXT. RURAL STREET. DAY. Anton and Scott walking down the street. ANTON
4) 28) text: I saw the sign. SCOTT
4) 30) text: I saw the sign. SCOTT
4) 35) text: Who's going to Dubai...? (pause. Scott hesitates) They've got a white slave ring, in Dubai, with American girls there - are they going in? (pause) Are they sending you in...? (pause) Ask them... (pause) SCOTT
4) 37) text: Ask them. SCOTT
4) 39) text: I want a favor. SCOTT
4) 41) text: Morning, John, who's your friend...? SCOTT
4) 44) text: I saved your life. SCOTT
4) 46) text: Bobby, I saw the Sign... SCOTT
4) 48) text: I saw the sign. (he draws the Picasso sign in the dust on the window of the country store) I Saw it. At the beach house. (pause) I'm going back. SCOTT
4) 50) text: To the beach house. SCOTT
4) 52) text: She was there. The Girl was There. I'm going back. (pause) I want you to do something. SCOTT
4) 54) text: The Secret Service Agent. Offed himself. SCOTT
4) 57) text: He shot himself with a hide-out pistol. SCOTT
4) 59) text: Who frisked the sonofabitch? (pause) You ask them. ANGLE, on Scott, obviously off-balanced by the question. INT. GOVERNMENT OFFICE BUILDING. DAY. Stoddard, smoking a black cigar, and several "Bureau" typ in the office. Scott is sitting at a conference table, as Miller. Beat. STODDARD
4) 60) text: Number one, the girl's dead. Number two, the hide-out gun the Agent shot with's registered in his 1020 for the past five years. The man who tossed him has been sacked. His name is none of your concern. Now: what the fuck are you doing here? SCOTT
4) 63) text: Sir, as he said, he is here to apprise you of a security leak... SCOTT
4) 67) text: Granted. Granted. (he stands) Granted. Fine. Thank you. SCOTT
4) 69) text: What is it? SCOTT
4) 73) text: ...what the fuck are you talking about? SCOTT
4) 75) text: Forget it. Walk away. SCOTT
4) 79) text: Your partner...He's gone to ground... Scott shrugs, as if to say, "Is that the way you want it? MILLER
4) 82) text: And, wait, wait, wait, wait, what does this mean...? (of Scott) When and if, any operation is staged which may require your talents, I give you my word... (Scott shakes his head, saying "I don't believe a word of it") You impertinent motherfucker. What the fuck is with you, you've got on your "thinkingcap" all of a sudden...? Stoddard gestures to an aide to call a number. SCOTT
4) 84) text: And I'm telling you to Stand Down. Where's the kid? (pause) SCOTT
4) 85) text: Is there no operation in Dubai...? Stoddard shakes his head in exasperation. The Aide hands Stoddard the phone. Stoddard answers. List for a moment, and then points at Scott. EXT. GRAVESIDE. DAY. A small photograph on an easel - it is an image of Gaines the dead Secret Serviceman. ANGLE, a small funeral. A Marine Honor Guard in attendanc Small suburban cemetery. ANGLE on the Pastor. PASTOR
4) 86) text: ...in the Service. In the Service of his Country. No less than had he died in Combat. George Gaines, a man who gave his life to service, to protecting those who... ANGLE, an unmarked sedan. Scott, and a Driver. Looking on
4) 88) text: ...sucker did the Dutch. SCOTT
4) 90) text: Nope, he Ate the Gun. Didn't you know? SCOTT
4) 92) text: Punched out early, off with the girlfriend, his Principal wanders off, winds up dead: hari-kari... ANGLE, on Scott, as he sees something. Scott takes a book matches and starts to light a cigarette. DRIVER
4) 93) text: ...rather you didn't smoke in here. Scott gets out of the car. ANGLE, on Scott, who takes out the Anton "Rogers Rangers" card. He motions the driver to pass him a phone and Scott looks at the number on the card and dials. Beyond him we see, just at the limits of the gravesite. Holding himself apart. A young man in a raincoat. The you man turns at the sound of a limo driving up. ANGLE Scott, looking at the limo. Out of the limo, which stops near the grave, we see Burch emerge. There is a susurrus among the crowd, which, visibly, straightens a b at the honor of Burch's presence. We see Burch walk to th gravesite, and have a word with the widow. Burch puts his hands on her shoulders and comforts her. ANGLE, on Scott, looking at the man in the raincoat. We h rifle fire, and Scott flinches. ANGLE his POV. The Marine Honor Guard, rendering a salute We see a Marine bear the flag to Burch, who presents it t the widow. He shakes several hands, and then moves off, b to the limousine. He beckons Scott over to him. ANGLE, Scott and Burch, walking through the cemetery. Bur shakes his head. He hands Scott the program from the fune and reluctantly begins.
4) 95) text: I put myself in your hands. Didn't I...? SCOTT
4) 97) text: I reached out to you. (pause) I put my life into your hands. I entered into a conspiracy with you. To commit Murder. Because it needed to be done. (pause) I trusted you with my life. SCOTT
4) 100) text: (almost as if against his better nature) There is an Arab World. To penetrate it makes trying to join the Mafia look like a walk in the park. How would you do it, Scott? (pause) We're dying. We're at war. And we have no intelligence. How Would you do it? How would you infiltrate their clan structure? Where is the interface? (pause) It's at the whorehouse. That's where they go to get frisky, and that's where we listen to them. (MORE)
4) 102) text: For the few, priceless hints that we get from that fucking sandpile. (pause) Had the girl been there, we would have moved heaven and earth - you know we would, and, we would have got her out. She was not there. She got drugged up and fell off a boat, and drowned. She's dead. (of the funeral) That man, (Burch gestures at the photograph-on-the- easel, of George Gaines, the Secret Service man, which stands by the head of the grave) That man a sworn office of the Secret Service, went to get laid, and she died. And you are risking the lives of men and women in the field, because you won't take orders. How are you better than him? Yes. You had best look sheepish. What the fuck have you got to say? SCOTT
4) 104) text: You're goddam right. (pause) Now: where's this new kid who got you all bothered. Where's your partner? SCOTT
4) 106) text: The fuck you will. You've got nothing to say to him. He's gone to the ground. Where is he...? ANGLE. Over the Honor Guard, packing up, we see Scott han scrap of paper to Burch, who makes one or two more points to which Scott nods, submissively. Burch walks off. Camer follows the Honor Guard, down the path, toward Scott, who passing, nods at them.
5) 2) text: (beat) Terrible thing. (the man nods) Did you know him? The man nods. Beat. He turns back to Scott, looking for sympathy. Anguished. MAN
5) 3) text: Did you know him...? (Scott nods. Pause. Portentiously:) Where did you know him from?
5) 6) text: (pause. Nods) He wasn't in the accounting office. You knew that... SCOTT
5) 7) text: Yes. I Did. The man begins weeping heavily. Scott puts his arm around MAN
5) 8) text: I didn't think, he told anyone what he did. Because...because... (he looks for sympathy) I... SCOTT
5) 10) text: And all he cared    about was doing his duty...that's    all...that's all... He used to    tell me... (the man is    now overcome) SCOTT
5) 12) text: He was supposed to see me that night...After his "shift"...We...His wife... Scott nods his understanding. SCOTT
5) 16) text: ...he was going to come to me that night...after... SCOTT
5) 21) dialog: ...him...? BURLY MAN
5) 22) text: (as he puts a hand on Scott) I said... SCOTT
5) 24) text: Yeah. It's a man's world, pal - but you're in the wrong bar. He turns Scott around, and pushes Scott deeper into the r away from the other man, who is now going out of the door Scott moves toward him and the Burly Man tries to stop hi
5) 26) text: ...what the fuck did you do to my friend...? In the B.G. We see the first man rise from the sidewalk, move toward Scott. Scott struggles to follow the bus, whe the second man assaults him. Scott is now fighting the tw men, who manoeuvre him toward an alley. As Scott's back is to the alley we see a Third Man emerge from the shadows, and throw a garrotte around Scott's nec Scott headbutts this man, who hauls Scott off his feet. Scott belts him again, and stomps on his instep. And turn into him. He elbows this man as the other two men advance toward him, in the alleyway. The garrotte man falls. Scott kicks the garrotte man in the temple. And draws his pistol. Beat. The men in the mouth of the alleyway retreat. ANGLE. On the street. We see them get into a van which ha just pulled up. ANGLE on Scott. Standing. Shivering. As he looks around t alleyway. He moves back to the fallen garrotte man. ANGLE. Scott standing over the man. He sees something and bends down. ANGLE HIS POV. In the man's backpocket is a program from funeral. ANGLE, Scott standing, looking at the program. We hear th phone ringing. Scott puts the phone to his ear. SCOTT
5) 38) text: (showing the package) I...I brought you... SCOTT
5) 42) text: Why're you screwing with the door...? Scott frisks him roughly. The terrified Bellboy shows a " Not Disturb" sign, which he holds. BELLBOY
5) 43) text: I took the...I took the sign off... (pause) You had the sign on the door. F'they saw me...f'they saw me, knocking on a door, the sign on...they'd... (Scott relaxes somewhat. The Bellboy proffers the package) An, I...I figured, you needed... (he hands the package to Scott, who takes out a pint bottle of booze) You told me you wanted this at Ten... SCOTT
5) 45) text: (begins to calm down a bit) ...I don't know why you... SCOTT
5) 46) text: You're right, I'm wrong...I'm wrong. He begins to look through his pockets. As the Bellboy sta looking at the television. ANGLE on Scott, the television beyond him. As he goes through the pockets of his jeans. He then goes through th pockets of his jacket, and throws various objects on the Some coins, some scraps of paper. A book of matches, some crumpled cigarettes. He hands some bills to the Bellboy. SCOTT
5) 50) text: It's been...quite a while since my last confession. That...that "transpired". On the rear face of a hill, in a mortar attack. (pause) And I confessed that I was frightened. (pause) And I have to confess, I'm frightened now. (pause. He smiles weakly) 'Nother "irregular Confession". He raises a shotglass to his lips, and drinks. He makes a "another one" gesture. Pause. SCOTT
5) 53) text: Now: you did me the honor to Call me. Now: you tell me how I might help. (pause) There in't nobody here, but two people in Green. (pause) Scott, looks around, he takes up a tabloid newspaper, whi has been resting on the seat of the booth. We see it is a "funeral" edition, concerning the death of Laura Newton. We see the large, color photo of Laura, her red hair, and in an insert, her father, at the gravesite, hiding his fa The caption reads "Goodbye, Baby". Scott leans over, and whispers to Black, his deepest secret. SCOTT
5) 55) text: Then, you'd better go get her. EXT. SANITORIUM. DAY. Scott, shaven, neat, and determined, standing at a bus st Reading a newspaper. Behind him, a large iron fence. ANGLE INS. The newspaper shows "The Tragic Death of Laura Newton", and photos of the accident. And a photo of a distraught woman in sunglasses, being held up by two frie ANGLE on Scott. As he looks across the street. Surreptiti ANGLE HIS POV. A plainclothes car, with two people in it, looking vaguely in his direction. ANGLE on the bus, as it pulls into the stop. We see vario people start onto the bus. At the last moment Scott, at t back of the line, sheers away. ANGLE, INT. THE PLAINCLOTHES CAR. The bus pulling away fr the bus stop, the chainlink fence beyond it, and, beyond that, a vaguely institutional-looking Colonial building. INT. SANITORIUM. DAY. A nurses station, Scott moving through the area, just ask directions of an older woman, obviously a semi-invalid.
5) 57) text: ...terrible thing, grief... Scott turns to her, to see a lovely woman in her late fifties, sitting on a lounge chair, a robe over her legs, indicating the weeping woman. Scott nods, and takes something from his pocket. He start toward the weeping woman, but the other woman holds him w her voice. WOMAN
5) 58) text: ...you want to comfort them, but you don't know how. (pause) I always think it's better to Leave Them Alone... Scott nods his acceptance of her wisdom, and begins to st toward the woman. SCOTT
5) 60) text: A psychic. (pause) SCOTT
5) 62) text: That's right. Scott begins to move toward Mrs. Newton. The woman on the lounge chair sits up.
5) 64) text: ...who are you...? SCOTT
5) 66) text: Guess again, 'cause I'm the Secret Service, and you follow my directions or I will shoot you dead. Spread your hands to your sides, please... (Scott spreads his hands to his sides) Open them... He opens his hands to show the red crescent earring. We s the demeanor of the woman in back of him change, as she s the earring. She comes up to Scott, and he turns around. looks up, asking, mutely, what it means. INT. SMALL SANITORIUM ROOM. DAY. DONNY
5) 67) text: (sotto, unable to stop her invective) ...the motherfuckers pulled the Detail off of her...He was in town. Her father was in town, they pulled the Secret Service Detail off her, to take him tomcatting. He's been doing it for years. That's what they do. They turn the Secret Service into a bunch of pimps. He took her protection, she got snatched... SCOTT
5) 71) text: (meaning, "this is my surmise") The start of a campaign: Your daughter got kidnapped because you were out getting laid? SCOTT
5) 73) text: Who knows if he knows. His 'people' would let her die in a heartbeat. SCOTT
5) 75) text: (pause. She takes up the earring and she begins to weep. She looks beseechingly at Scott) I'm her mother... She takes out a small, tattered, cheap earring box. ANGLE INS. We see the empty place for holding two earring and a small arcade photo of a five-year-old Laura Newton, and this woman, Donny, fifteen years younger. They are hugging. Scott turns over the photo to read, in a childis scrawl, "Donny, you can keep the box, cause I'll never ta them off". Donny starts to weep. SCOTT
5) 77) text: What can I do? SCOTT
5) 82) text: (as   she looks down at the   figure on the paper) ...I...I   don't...is there anywhere   else you... ANGLE. Both look to the side. ANGLE, their POV. One of the Secret Service Agents, looki askance at Scott. Does a double-take. And begins to raise his cuff mike to his lips to speak. ANGLE, on Donny, as she sees this, and turns around. ANGLE, her POV. The empty room. Scott vanished. INT. NEW YORK CITY OFFICE BUILDING. DAY. A very beautiful young woman in a business suit, in an elevator. The doors open and Scott, dressed in a suit, ge in. He turns to face the front. They ride up in silence. The doors open on a mezzanine. There are several men at t end of the mezzanine. Scott starts to get out, and the gi tries to stop him. He shoves her roughly back into the elevator. Several of the men come toward Scott, and a lar portly businessman in his forties (AVI) calls them off. Scott comes forward. AVI
5) 83) text: Didn't they tell you not to come? SCOTT
5) 85) text: Five years ago they told me you were dead. SCOTT
5) 86) text: You want to gossip, or you want to do business...? Avi motions Scott to come with him.
5) 88) text: Bobby; this is an American girl...? SCOTT
5) 91) text: ...they send a hitter to negotiate...? (pause) My question is: have you forgot your catechism...? SCOTT
5) 93) text: The answer is Go Home. SCOTT
5) 95) text: ...you're at the Big Table here. SCOTT
5) 97) text: Well, then, you better talk to me using the Decimal System. SCOTT
5) 102) text: Yes, but I am not in the Boy Scouts anymore. You heard the private sector? SCOTT
5) 104) text: Well. That's where you found me. And here's what it costs. He writes a number on a sheet of paper. SCOTT
5) 106) text: No, you're out of your fucking mind, and you're out of your league, and my advice to you:...before some mercantile soul shops you. (pause. In disgust, he picks up the paper, crosses out what we wrote, and puts in a new number) ...for this job, that's what it costs... SCOTT
5) 110) text: Remember me...? ANGLE Scott, as he takes out the Businessman's card, and looks at it. SCOTT
5) 112) text: ...what do you want? SCOTT
5) 115) text: (as if reluctant to impart the information) ...I've, I've already made a deal with... SCOTT
5) 116) text: Yeah, but you haven't made a deal with me...So, today is Your Lucky Day, cause you get to Do, what Most Men only Dream of: You get to make Another Human Being Happy. He brings over a telephone, and gives it to the Businessm Scott finds himself behind a large desk. He looks down at photos of the smiling Businessman, in various poses, with two young girls, obviously his daught SCOTT
5) 117) text: (softly) You had your fun, now pay for it, Jim. Get your bank on the phone. We're going to transfer some money. The Businessman pauses, then picks up the phone. SCOTT
5) 119) text: ...do you know how much trouble you're in...? SCOTT
5) 120) text: Yes. And that's the difference between you and me. EXT. WAREHOUSE DISTRICT STREET. DAY. Scott, getting out of his car, rounds a corner. We see a coming down this street, rather quickly. Scott retreats i a doorway. ANGLE, HIS POV. The car blinks its lights three times. ANGLE EXT. THE STREET. We see the car slow almost to a st Scott emerges from his doorway. As the car's rear door is opened, Scott gets in.
6) 0) text: Avi and Scott, at a small table. AVI
6) 1) text: Maskala is a suburban villa, in Dubai. The Friends of your Friend, (he gestures at a photo of Assani) Operate there, if you will, a "halfway house". For the young women they have induced, coerced or drugged into spending their short lives. As the whores of Arabian tourists. Of late the girls have been, in the main, from the former Sov-Bloc. Now and again, a North American Girl, if she is exceedingly lovely,...blonde, usually blonde... (he passes the photos of very beautiful young girls across the table, to Scott) Will, unfortunately, find her way to Dubai. They travel drugged, they are - (he searches for the word) - "tidied up", and sold. For some reason, most of them are sold to Yemen. (pause) The girls are generally held, in Dubai, until the end of the month. (he checks his watch and looks significantly at it) When the Merrymakers fly in to examine them. And take their purchases home. SCOTT
6) 6) text: (he checks his watch and raises his eyebrows) The girls are taken from the house in Maskala, to the Royale Hotel, I presume you will hit them in transit...? Scott opens another envelope which Avi has passed him. As looks at the documents he pours out. SCOTT
6) 8) text: I hope not. (he shows documents to Scott) The conex container for the exfil, also Jameson Construction. (he gestures at the materials on the table) A passport for the Young Girl... (he shrugs) Between fifteen and twenty-five, they all look alike. SCOTT
6) 10) text: Yes. It is. Nonetheless, we tried to match it to a Current Photo... ANGLE, on Scott, as he looks, questioningly at Avi. Avi takes a photo from his desk and passes it to Scott. It sh through a long lens, blurry and grainy, a photo of what i obviously the platinum-haired Laura Newton, sitting on a in a barred room. AVI
6) 11) text: ...she was there twelve hours ago. SCOTT
6) 16) text: (shrugs) A gesture of Friendship. But. We thought: if you see some of the Yemenins - (he shows Scott candid photos of several middle-aged, bearded middle-eastern looking men) Any of these, in particular...would you say Hello to them? Scott scoops up the documents, and stands. SCOTT
6) 18) text: Bobby: the world runs on manners. Beat. Scott takes an envelope, and hands it to Avi, who opens it. He opens his mouth to speak. SCOTT
6) 20) text: That's not what I was going to say. SCOTT
6) 21) text: What were you going to say...? (pause) ...the Last Third in Geneva... (he exits) EXT. ROOFTOP, DUBAI. DUSK. Scott, on a rooftop, behind a raised elevator housing. Sc takes out a pair of binoculars, and Scott leans around th elevator housing. ANGLE HIS POV. Across the way, the window, and the ornate scrollwork bars, in which we, earlier, saw the photo take on Laura Newton.
7) 0) text: A deserted streetcorner. Various shuttered posh shops. Sc walking across the street. ANGLE CU on Scott, as he paces, as he walks. SCOTT
7) 1) text: ...fourteen, fifteen, sixteen. The camera takes him to the middle of the street. A right hand turn, a tight corner. He looks to his left. ANGLE HIS POV. Beyond him, we see, several streets off, t sign of the "Royale" hotel. Scott beckons, and the man, Smith, comes out of the shado He and Scott walk to a small passageway, at the corner. Camera takes them through the passageway, where we see Jo standing by his car, in an alley. SCOTT
7) 2) text: It's good. (to Jones) It's very good. (Jones nods his thanks) The charge takes the car out... (to Smith) We got the flashbangs fore and aft, You hit the driver, follow down the driver's side, the car ain't going nowhere, the muscle gets out, I cap em, I go with the girl. (he points to Jones. He points to the car. Jones nods. To Smith) You exfil on your own, we're on to the airport. ANGLE, tight on Scott, and Jones. SCOTT
7) 7) text: I won't look back. INT. WAREHOUSE ROOM. NIGHT. Scott, at a desk, looking over his plans. A photo of Laur Newton on his desk. Beyond him Smith and Jones are cleani and assembling weapons. Scott takes out his switchblade a begins to hone it. Scott looks into the mechanism of the knife. Peers intently, turns it over and raps it on the table. We see a small seed fall out. Smith turns to the sound, and looks inquisitively at Scott. SCOTT
7) 8) text: (as he picks the seed up, answering Smith's unspoken question) ...it's an appleseed. Smith nods as if to say,"If you say so". Scott reaches over to a box of Q-Tips, which sits on the table along with other cleansing paraphernalia, and dips in the solvent bottle, and begins to clean the interior o his switchblade. ANGLE XCU on Scott, as he cleans the interior of his knif His face freezes...Scott leans over, and gestures at a tweezers as part of Smith's cleaning kit. Smith nods "oka ANGLE INSERT. The interior of the knife. A small, wafer t electronic device adhering to the interior. ANGLE on Scott. As he turns his back on the group. We see in an insert. He holds the electronic device up for scrut in the tweezers. He walks toward the windows of the wareh SMITH
7) 9) text: (as he cleans his firearms, generally, as if speaking of the universe) "Johnny Appleseed", eh? SCOTT
8) 2) text: ...stay in your room, and... He turns as another explosion is heard, coming from the interior of the house. As he turns we hear glass breaking and see Scott entering through the window behind Laura.
8) 5) text: Stay by me. He hesitates for a moment. We hear another explosion, he nods, as if to say "That's what we're waiting for", and passes her out of the window, and begins lowering her to ground. ANGLE EXT. THE BUILDING. Laura, on the rope, reaching the ground. ANGLE INT. THE ROOM. Scott, as he turns to the sound of t door opening, two men come through the door, and he shoot ANGLE EXT. THE BUILDING. Scott puts Laura into the SUV an gets behind the driver's seat. He puts the car in gear, a it begins to drive off. ANGLE INT. THE CAR. Laura turns to face him. LAURA
8) 6) text: ...they said they were going to take care of me... SCOTT
8) 7) text: I'm going to take care of you. You hold on, now. (as Scott drives he reloads his weapons) LAURA
8) 8) text: (lazily) Who are you? SCOTT
8) 12) text: ...they're going to send me to a Party. SCOTT
8) 14) text: You're just taking the long way home. ANGLE EXT. THE CAR. Moving through the streets. The airpo just becoming visible in the background. INT. BARE ROOM. DUBAI. NIGHT. Laura, asleep, at a small cardtable. Out of the window we see an expanse of desert and scrub. Her head is down. Sco enters the room, he moves a chair in front of the door, moves to Laura, and manhandles her to a small cot, and closes the shutters to the window. SCOTT
8) 15) text: ...I told you to stay on the bed. We see her wake and look around, trying to place herself. ANGLE on Scott, as he takes out a notebook and begins to make notes in it. SCOTT
8) 17) text: ...what...? SCOTT
8) 18) text: ...we're going to take a little trip. She takes out a crumpled pack of cigarettes, and extracts the last one. She takes out a match. SCOTT
8) 21) text: ...I need a smoke. SCOTT
8) 22) text: Y'can't smoke it. American tobacco. Smell. Carry. In the desert air. He looks down his list, and nods. He takes a bandana from his pocket and hands it to her. SCOTT
8) 24) text: Whatsamatter, you don't like Blondes...? SCOTT
8) 27) text: I could make you give me the smoke. He slaps her lightly in the face. SCOTT
8) 32) text: ...I'm just a whore...They wouldn't even come get me... SCOTT
8) 33) text: They sent me... Scott looks at the pile of tobacco. He extracts the "Roge Rangers" card from his pocket and looks at it. We read, i an insert: "Rule #13: Every night, you'll be told where t Meet, if Surrounded by Superior Force". ANGLE, on Scott, as he very precisely peels the card into two thin halves, and rolls one of the halves into a cigarette, using the reclaimed tobacco from the ashtray. takes the cigarette to Laura. As a peace offering. She ta it. Beat. LAURA
8) 34) text: Did my father send you? SCOTT (as he lights her cigarette)
8) 36) text: One man. SCOTT
8) 37) text: One riot, one Ranger, you ever hear that? ANGLE, on Scott, as he hears a car outside the window. He draws a pistol and moves to the window, and looks down. H gestures Laura to be quiet. ANGLE EXT. The window. In the small, deserted street. A c pulls up. A man gets out, and looks around. Beat. Another man, and a woman, and two small children come out of the house and get into the car, which drives away.
8) 39) text: Leonides, the King of Sparta, when a neighboring state would beg for Military Aid. Would send One Man. SCOTT
8) 41) text: ...you ever hear that? SCOTT
8) 42) text: No. I think we went to different schools. He looks at her. Beat. She hands him the cigarette. And h takes a drag, and passes it back. He checks his watch. SCOTT
8) 44) text: (softly) Did you hear the one about the king who turned his daughter into Gold? SCOTT
8) 46) text: ...I don't want to go home. SCOTT
8) 47) text: I didn't ask you. EXT. DUBAI AIRPORT. DAY. A long view of the airport. ANGLE, a small delivery van we saw earlier. Parked in an industrial area. ANGLE INT THE VAN. Laura, dozing in the passengers seat. Scott, sitting in the driver's seat, alert, watching. ANGLE HIS POV. Seen beyond the corner of an industrial building, beyond a chainlink fence, the airport. ANGLE INT. THE CAR. Laura wakes with a start, and looks a
8) 49) text: I don't know where we are... SCOTT
8) 50) text: You just keep it together. ANGLE Scott as he looks up to the sound of a plane. ANGLE HIS POV. Directly over their heads, a small bizjet, final, about to touch down. ANGLE, the chainlink fence. Scott and Laura at the fence protecting the airport. Scott moves aside the pre-cut section of fence, and gestures him through. ANGLE, inside the fence. Laura and Scott moving to the protection of a small hangar. ANGLE, beyond them, we see the bizjet come to a halt, on tarmac, and turn. We see blazoned, on its side, "Global N ANGLE, on Scott and Laura, now inside the small hangar. Scott moves to a small locker and extracts a set of coveralls, and a cap, and takes them to Laura. SCOTT
8) 52) text: (groggily) ...what...? SCOTT
8) 53) text: You... A pause. He turns to the sound of a car. ANGLE HIS POV. A car, on the tarmac. It comes to a stop b private plane. Beyond this private plane, we see the "Glo News" bizjet, being directed to a stop. ANGLE, on Scott, as he watches the tarmac. ANGLE HIS POV. Stoddard and several of his men, get out o the car which has stopped by the private plane. A man in fatigues emerges from the plane, and hands Stoddard a pie of paper. Stoddard begins giving this man directions. ANGLE INT. THE CARGO HANGAR. Scott and Laura, who now has the mechanics coveralls.
8) 55) text: A little walk-in-the-park. (he points her to the News jet) See there...? ANGLE EXT. THE NEWS BIZJET. Where a man in a safari jacke and a woman emerge from the plane, and glare at the sun. see this man consult his watch. ANGLE, on Scott and Laura, as he walks her out of the han and towards the news bizjet. In the B.G. We see Stoddard, and his men, at their plane. Another car pulls up to Stoddard, disgorging a man, who goes to conference with Stoddard. ANGLE, these two men. SECOND MAN
8) 57) text: (groggily, as in a dream) No, you know what my mistake was...? SCOTT
8) 58) text: (as he looks around) ...what was that...? He stops and picks up a pair of "paddles" from their position, leaning against the nose wheel of a plane. They walk on. In the BG we see Stoddard and his crew, searchin SCOTT
8) 62) text: I'm certain of it. She starts laughing, getting hysterical. SCOTT
8) 63) text: No, no...come on baby...come on, come on girl: just walk to the plane: Just Get On the Plane...WALK TO THE PLANE... She starts to break free and Scott manoeuvres her into a small hangar area. She is struggling mightily. Scott has hand over her mouth. ANGLE. We see their feet moving through a pool of oil on concrete floor - we see she loses her footing. We see Sco tighten his grip on her, and is furiously trying to calm SCOTT
8) 64) text: Shussh, baby... shussh... shussh... it's going to be alright... We see him work a small hypodermic kit from the pocket of his jacket. We see Laura see it, and her eyes grow wide. SCOTT
8) 65) text: This's going to make Everything Allright... Laura reacts to the hypodermic, which Scott is bringing toward her. And screams. LAURA
8) 66) text: No! EXT. THE HANGAR AREA. We see Stoddard, and his men, about to get into their Jee stop, and turn at the sound. ANGLE INT. The Hangar Area. Signs all over marked in Arab and English - "Petrol - No Smoking!!" As Scott lunges after Laura, the door, behind her bursts open, and Stoddard and an accomplice enter, placing Laura in the midst of the hangar, between Stoddard and Scott. W stands in front of a large tanker labelled "Aviation Gaso
8) 69) dialog: Laura... STODDARD
8) 71) text: (drugged and groggy) He said that he came to get me... (she shakes her head in disbelief. Then she starts to walk a step toward Scott, then turns, and proceeds toward Stoddard.) STODDARD
8) 73) dialog: (screams)
8) 74) text: No... He starts toward Laura. And Stoddard and his two men interpose themselves between Scott and Laura, who is approaching the plane. Stoddard's two men approach Scott. One draws a knife. ANGLE on Scott, who hangs his head, wearily. He looks dow at his empty hands. ANGLE on the man with the knife, approaching him.
8) 78) text: Cuff 'im... The man handcuffs Scott behind his back. ANGLE on Scott shaking his head to clear it, as he now struggles to his knees. ANGLE, his POV. Laura Newton, walking toward the bizjet. STODDARD
8) 79) text: (to Scott) Yes...well... SCOTT
8) 81) text: (to his henchmen) ...wait till she lifts off, take him outside and shoot him. SCOTT
8) 92) text: (to his men, as he, Stoddard, casts a glance outside, and then back) Alright, take him outside... (the henchman hoists Scott to his feet) ANGLE, on Laura and Jackie Black. Standing immobile. Laur looks down at something. She then looks up, her face tran ANGLE, on Jackie Black's hands, she holds the cheap jewel box we saw earlier, and, in it. The photo of Laura and Do and the legend: "Donny you can keep this box, cause I wil never take them off." ANGLE XCU, on Laura, as she looks at Jackie, who now move Laura away from the bizjet, and towards the assemblage of newspeople, who are on the tarmac, around the "global new ANGLE, EXT. The Global News Jet. A female reporter, gossiping, with some of her crew, looks over in the direction of Laura and Jackie, and does a double-take. FEMALE REPORTER
8) 93) text: Oh, my God... ANGLE, on Stoddard, his man, and Scott. As they leave the hangar. Stoddard looks around. ANGLE, his POV. Inside the hangar, the fallen man, that Scott has killed. Stoddard goes back inside, to drag this man away. He looks up. And, as he does so, he sees Laura, walking with Jackie Black, toward the Global News Plane. STODDARD
8) 95) text: (to Laura) Keep walking... ANGLE, on Scott, in the grip of Stoddard's henchman.
8) 97) text: (to Stoddard) ...do you want me to...? In the moment he is distracted. Scott breaks the man's gr and his arm. He knees the man, and kicks him to the groun ANGLE, INT. The Global Jet. The news crew reacts to the s Beyond them we see Jackie, fallen to the tarmac, and Laur is walking toward the newspeople. FEMALE REPORTER
8) 99) text: (to the unseen cameraman) On her. On her, get it on the girl...Get us Out of Here... The camera shifts to the image of Laura Newton, going out live. Behind her we hear the crew shooting commands, and the door to the Global jet close, as the jet begins to ta ANGLE, INT. The Petroleum Hangar. We see Stoddard, reload his pistol. In the BG we see Scott step through his handcuffs, that is, bring them in front of his body. He takes a pistol from the henchman, who is writing on the floor. He raises the pistol and shoots the henchman. He turns on Stoddard. SCOTT
8) 103) text: No, I just wanted to bring the girl back. He shoots Stoddard, who falls. ANGLE, INT. The Bizjet, as it taxis. Laura Newton turns h face to the sound of the shot. ANGLE, her POV. Jackie Black, on the tarmac, Scott, kneel to the fallen Stoddard, and then running out of the hanga toward her. ANGLE, on Scott, running, as we see he has the key he has taken from Stoddard, and is releasing his handcuffs. ANGLE Jackie Black, bleeding, as Scott kneels to her, and cradles her. Scott looks down. Black is weakening, and obviously expiring. JACKIE BLACK
8) 104) text: ...is she safe? SCOTT
8) 106) text: (weakly, almost whispering) ...well, then... ANGLE on Scott, cradling her. Weeping, as he smoothes her SCOTT