3) 0) text: Cy In this. high place, the full effect.of the heavy swel ° Through the windows of the bridge,. we can measure thei the rise and fall of the horizon. The HELMSMAN clings to a. JUNIOR OFFICER holds on to-a stanchion, the FIRST OFFI himself at the engine room telegraph,.and a RADAR QUARTER guards: his. set with difficulty. The CAPTAIN is:a tall m fifties, elegant-looking but strong. Another MAN, dréssed suit, watches the crew narrowly, missing nothing.
3) 3) dialog: CD Engine room! — (after a beat) This is the Captain. Is the Chief still there? (beat) Put him on. ll INT.. ENGINE ROOM - DAY il This is the heartbeat of the ship. As far as the eye can direction, huge gears interlocked. with other huge gears power released by the generators. They groan with the ago but the pulse of power is deafening. .An-ASSISTANT ENGINE at the loudaphone at the log desk, answers the Captain.
3) 7) text: He takes a headset from a hook, hands it to the Wiper. Th down the catwalk to a group of maintenance men at the far engine room gathered around an apparently mal-functioning ‘WIPER (as he approaches the group) Chief -- the Captain wants: you on the phone. The Wiper hands over the headset and phone to the CHIEF, with a ruddy face and gruff manner, who slips on the head into it.
4) 0) text: CAPTAIN © Joe! What the hell's going ondown there? Isn't there anything moré you can do with those stabilizers? .
6) 0) text: The Captain looks over at Linarcos -- who registers no re
6) 1) dialog: He's standing right here.
6) 3) dialog: (a-beat) All right, Joe. Do the best you can until we clear this weather. Cont.
6) 8) dialog: Where did. you. come from ?
6) 10) dialog: I must say, Master Shelby, you picked a particularly fascinating moment to accept my invitation. Those waves don't worry you?
6) 12) dialog: Thirty-five, matter of fact.
6) 14) dialog: I've found sixty about maximum. Discounting hurricanes, of course. Cont. 15 17 18 19
6) 18) dialog: You seem remarkably. well~informed.
6) 29) dialog: (to First Officer) ” All Hfelines rigged?
6) 31) dialog: (tersely) T ordered all lifelines rigged. That includes C Deck! See to it!
6) 38) dialog: (to Quartermaster) Hawkins, please escort Master Shelby below -- by the inside route. (to Robin) We'll continue this discussion at a quieter time. Fair enough?
6) 41) dialog: That last one almost broached us, Mr. Linarcos. I warned you! We're top heavy! We don't have enough ballast! We should have loaded extra bunkers at Gibraltar!
13) 3) dialog: (taking them, redding, half to self) Weather moderating to the Southeast. Barometer 1016 :millibars. Smocth seas ... clear skies ... good! (to First Officer) Keep heron slow ahead. . Prepare to fill ballast tanks. Start taking on ballast.
13) 8) text: 34 Cont. 34 Cont. | C ) oo LINARCOS f = I did not suggest full ahead, Captain. E As the new owner's representative on this ship, I ordered it!
13) 9) dialog: Damn it, man! The Poseidon's too fine a lady to be rushed to the junk- yard on her last voyage!
13) 11) dialog: I can't afford to gamble with the lives of my passengers!
13) 13) dialog: Running any unstable ship at full ahead is dangerous -- especially one as gld as this, Linarcos loses his patience.
23) 5) dialog: In Greek mythology, the god of the seas ... A tiny light flashes from a small box attached to the tab
23) 6) dialog: Also the god of storms, tempests, earth- quakes: and otherinijsgellaneous natural disasters. .An ill-tempered fellow. The Captain notices the flashing light.
23) 13) dialog: He reaches down, brings a phone to his ear.
23) 14) dialog: Yes.
23) 16) dialog: (to group) Would you all excuse me. Duty calls. (to Scott) Reverend, would you mind taking over . as host until I get back?
24) 0) text: The First Officer holds:a radio-phone out to the Captain.
24) 2) dialog: Captain Harrison here ....S..S. Poseidon. Can you give me any further reading on that sea quake near Crete? Cont. 259
28) 14) dialog: It seems to be piling up on those shallows. By the way -~ Happy New Year.
28) 16) dialog: What's its speed? :
28) 18) dialog: That confirms it. It must be mountainous.
28) 31) dialog: We have a radar target on the port bow. Keep a sharp watch. (crosses to corner of window) Get me my binoculars. The others move after him as he peers out the window.
30) 2) dialog: (comes from window, on phone) What is it, Lookout? Cont.
32) 0) text: The Captain at the windows looking out through binoculars the glasses toward the northeast.
32) 1) dialog: Oh, my God!
32) 3) dialog: 
32) 4) dialog: Hard left!
32) 14) dialog: (shouts) Get that bow around! ...Close all water-tight doors! Sound boat stations! The helmsman spins his wheel.
35) 0) text: The Captain grabs up a phone to the radio shack.
35) 1) dialog: (yells) Sparks!
35) 3) dialog: Get off a May Day.
35) 5) dialog: Yes, I said May Day, May Day, May Day!
36) 0) text: Shooting over the back of the stunned Captain toward the Its foaming crest looms higher and higher, mounting above
38) 0) text: The deck has reversed its.slant.. Now, with terrifying sw reverses once more, heaving-up, dangerously. We see virtually subliminal shots. of: a. At the Captain's. Table Scott and Linda: are thrown together on the floor --even knocked away from his wife. She starts to fall away, but clutches her.. Together they go rolling down the sloping b. .On the Stage Crump falling into the instruments, hitting a note on the which. causes the reverb to scream even higher electronic the mounting screams of women and the frightened shouting The rest of the musical group fall backward out of sight. c. Atthe-Purser's Table Terry and Susan separate as Susan is swept away. Robin ho then slides away after her. Terry holds onto the table gr d. At Tinkham's Table Martin clings to his chair, bolted to the deck. Manny and disappear in the sliding tangle. e. Dance Floor - (Nonnie dancing) The roll hits the dancers.
44) 0) text: The starboard windows are smashed by the roaring sea. Wat in. Linarcos, first, then the Captain, the Watch Officer are struck by the gigantic wave and washed out of shot.