4) 0) text: Jacob bounds down the stairs and into the kitchen. JACOB'S MOTHER AND FATHER are finishing up breakfast. The Father tunes a Philco Radio while smoking a pipe...The Mo pours coffee wearing a cardigan sweater and pearls. Late for class, Jacob grabs a piece of bread and bacon an downs a coffee as his mother sweetly scolds him in POLISH His father says something supportive in POLISH as well. J thanks him in POLISH. He kisses his mother and exits.
9) 0) text: The room is windowless and bare except for TWO GURNEYS, e with a sheet-covered body. A CORONER stands between them. Jacob sees a steel table upon which lay his parents belongings; wedding rings, pearl necklace, his father's p
27) 0) text: They reach a platform facing the fanciest car yet. Standi upon it is an enormous, muscular BALD MAN, EARL...
27) 5) dialog: Very nice. Then, with one hand Earl slides back the door and with th other hand, violently grabs Jacob by the neck and throws head first into the car.
28) 7) dialog: That stowaway the old drunk took under his wing. College boy. Jacob tries to explain but Earl bangs him against the wal
43) 1) dialog: 
67) 0) text: Marlena and Jacob step away, hearing Rosie cry out. Marle can't bear it. She grabs Jacob's hand for support. Jacob tentatively holds onto her waist, guiding her away. She l into him. Jacob loves being this close to her. The screams of August O.S. pull their attention to see: Earl and his men physically dragging a maniacal August ou the tent, his bull hook and clothes bloodied by his rage. is kicking and struggling against them like a madman. Jacob is shocked by August's behavior. But Marlena has se it before. She pulls away from Jacob and exits O.S. alone
69) 0) text: Earl's men are smoking, when one sees Jacob marching angr towards August's stateroom, carrying the bull hook. Alert
70) 29) dialog: What's going on?
96) 0) text: Jacob and August continue beating each other as they roll into the crowd. August's madness empowers him. He manages to overpower Ja in a choke hold. Jacob is losing consciousness. Because of Marlena's screams - Earl and his men run to th tent. Within seconds, they are pulling August off of Jaco August gets to his feet. His cool expression is even more frightening as he re-enters Marlena's tent.
96) 10) dialog: No he won't, kid. Come on. Earl disperses the crowd that has gathered, which include Walter, who sees Jacob's bloodied face and goes to him. FROM INSIDE THE TENT, THEY HEAR: Two soft thuds..then a louder one...Then an unnerving silence.
96) 11) dialog: See, it's over. Can we let you go? Jacob pants and nods. Earl and one of his men let Jacob g degrees, until he is standing up. Walter holds his waist.
118) 0) text: Jacob opens the ring stock car and jumps out, holding Queenie. He hasn't slept all night. As he walks through the circus grounds, working men like and performers like Barbara are shocked to see him alive. With a fool's courage, he brazenly walks past Blackie and men, cutting a path through performers and working men, r up to August, who stands with Earl at his side. He is dre and ready for the matinee's performance. Jacob stops and they exchange looks. August glances at Queenie in Jacob's arms. He says nothing.
119) 0) text: Jacob enters alone. He takes in all the animals who look at him. He crosses to Rosie and stands before her. Her tr greets him, stroking him. He presses his head against her Rosie comforts him. It makes Jacob fall apart all the mor After a few moments, Jacob turns and walks away. He stops the center of the menagerie. He looks at each animal in t den - in the same way as when he first met them - this ti saying goodbye. Each animal is at the front of it's den or cage, looking Jacob. There is a silent exchange between them. Earl ente
119) 1) dialog: Come on kid. When Jacob starts to exit again, something happens:
120) 0) text: As Earl escorts Jacob, they walk against the tide of audi members walking to the Big Top entrance. Earl speaks low.
120) 1) dialog: It's good you're going. They must have known you got back on the train last night. He tossed more than half a dozen working men.
120) 8) dialog: Kinkers never get tossed. Never. So that was meant for you. We hear the GOUNOD WALTZ starting in the Big Top.
120) 9) dialog: A few of the guys that got tossed caught up with us again.
120) 11) dialog: Keep walking...They got tossed off the trestle, if you can believe it. Camel's head hit the rocks. He died right away... Jacob is heartbroken and dreads what he's about to hear. pauses for a beat...this part is harder to tell:
120) 12) dialog: ...Walter...Walter's legs were smashed up real bad..They had to leave him.
120) 14) dialog: The ones that came back...Bill... Grady.. I don't know how but, one way or another they're taking down August tonight. Hearing this, Jacob stops to face Earl.
120) 26) dialog: Oh Christ! Oh Shit... Earl runs back towards the Big Top.
120) 28) dialog: The Disaster March! Everyone with the show barrels towards the Big Top when G appears amongst them and calls to Jacob: