3) 0) text: Correggio, GOLF CLUB in hand, steps to a golf tee. WHACK. He tees off. The marines follow the ball as it sails into the darkness
9) 0) text: The Humvee and five-tons swing into the base past a mass activity: TRUCKS being loaded with supplies, TANKS drivin onto flat cars, MARINES racing about.
13) 0) text: At numerous windows,. LINES OF MARINES hand in weapons ca receiving their weapons in return. Among them... The marines from 1st Platoon of the 2/5 (Correggio and Ke Stavrou and Harris, Imlay and Lenihan, Adukwu), all watch MOUNTED TELEVISIONS-- A WOMAN REPORTER, 20s, on a BEACH. Behind her, POLICE disperse thin CROWDS of PEOPLE, bullho blaring. A legend on the TV screen reads 'SANTA MONICA, C PVT. MOTTOLA, squad radio man, tall and thin, listening t IPOD, and PVT. GUERRERO, lumbering, eyes on the TV.
15) 0) text: The young marines from 1st platoon are still in line for their weapons along with many OTHER MARINES. Some are nervously bullshitting, others intently watching...
16) 0) text: Formerly bustling... Now all OFFICERS and MARINES are fro crowding around open office doors, staring at...
18) 0) text: All activity has doubled, a frantic energy now. TRUCKS ra along the perimeter of the air field, massive CH-46 HELICOPTERS TAKE OFF loaded with MARINE UNITS... The 1st platoon stands together, Lt. Martinez addressing as ANOTHER CH-46 HELICOPTER is landing nearby.
19) 0) text: IN FLIGHT. The marines, helmets on, packs between their knees, sit facing each other. The sound of the CH-46's massive rotors is deafening. Som shout over the din, too nervous to remain quiet.
20) 0) text: The marines are glued to the windows, shocked by what the seeing as the chopper BANKS toward Venice/Santa Monica: FIRES raging from various explosions. In the distance, MASSIVE LINES of TRAFFIC moving away from the ocean. The STREETS bordering the beach look deserted-- Except fo the BODIES dotting the landscape. Nantz looks at Martinez, who is hunched over, scribbling LETTER. Martinez folds it, then writes the name ANNA on i We realize it's a letter in the event of his death. Martinez stares at the letter. Then carefully tucks it aw
22) 0) text: Nantz and Martinez are double-timing with the 1st squad ( Grayston, Correggio and Kerns, Stavrou and Harris, Imlay Lenihan, Mottola and Guerrero, Simmons and Adukwu). As they approach Lincoln, they slow, eyes widening. REVERSE to see what they're staring at: LINCOLN BOULEVARD. Being fortified into a defensive line. MARINES are setting up sand-bagged MACHINE GUN NESTS in a parking lot fronting a nail shop and a China Express. Other MARINES hunker behind barricades in front of a Good Tire Store, firing MORTARS toward the ocean. RUBBLE. BURNING BUILDINGS. Smashed-in storefronts. Cars CRASHED at intersections, the echoing WAIL of CAR ALARMS. Pockets of CIVILIANS are being waved forward by MARINES. LITTLE GIRL with a Smurf backpack is rushed across Lincol
34) 0) text: Nantz, Martinez and the rest of the squad hustle silently through the street, supporting their wounded. They take cover behind cars, peering out to see... The PARK in the distance. A wide open FIELD with a COMMUN CENTER BUILDING on the far side. There are distant sounds of warfare, but the area here se strangely quiet. Then, out of the smoke, an IMAGE APPEARS... Something MOV AT THEM... The marines all shift, aim forward, about to blast away a FOUR MARINES come into view, moving ghost-like. Nantz signals with his flashlight. The marines hurry over silently falling behind the cars.
34) 2) dialog: 2nd squad, 3rd platoon...
34) 8) dialog: This is it, Lieutenant. Everyone else is dead or missing. The news hits Martinez hard. He eyes Nantz.
34) 9) dialog: We were on the street, like, ten minutes and they ambushed us. As soon as we radioed for help, it's like they were everywhere...
36) 0) text: The marines burst in, looking around. To the right, a GYM To the left, a HALLWAY with numerous side rooms off of it
37) 0) text: The marines run up to the chopper with the wounded. INSID THE MEDEVAC they see WOUNDED laid across the helicopter's cabin. A CREWMAN in the medevac yells over the din:
39) 0) text: The marines and civilians fall into the large entryway. T marines are breathing hard, looking stunned.
40) 0) text: Marines on post, watching various windows and doors. Imlay kneels by the kids, who look devastated by the day' events. Imlay wets a rag with water from his canteen, wip the dust and dirt from the kids' faces. The younger girl, KIRSTEN, 8, begins crying. She suddenly hugs Imlay. Imlay, startled by this, looks uncomfortable at first. Th hugs the little girl back, smiling at the older.girl, ANY 10, Kirsten's sister.
43) 0) text: Kerns, Correggio and TWO 2nd SQUAD MARINES are on watch, peering down to the street from opposite sides of the roo All on edge, exhausted, dirty. No one says a word. Correggio eyes the other marines. They exchange an 'all- clear' sign. Then Correggio pulls up a radio.
52) 0) text: The marines step from the side room with Michele. They pe up and down the dark hallway, listening... OTHER DOORS along the hall take on an ominous presence no
56) 9) text: Get us to the Forward Operating Base. Fast. Stavrou lays on the gas, speeding away as, in the back, t other marines stare out. Mottola peers into the sky...'
58) 0) text: Martinez is in the front with Stavrou, Nantz in the middl the bus, hovering near the civilians sitting on the floor Rincon holds Hector, Michele with her arms around both gi Marines on the seats above, weapons ready. Nantz hears Imlay whispering to Harris:
60) 0) text: Amy and Kirsten pressed under seats, Michele covering the up... Hector closing his eyes in his dad's arms... The marines duck low, gripping their weapons. They hear the aircraft coming closer, almost above them. LIGHT starts shining through the windows as...
64) 0) text: Marines ducking, civilians screaming as... DEBRIS from the alien ship BLOWS OVER THE BUS, burning pi falling to the ground...
70) 0) text: Nantz stands with Martinez at the concrete barrier. Nantz scans the marines' positions.
75) 0) text: Nantz and Kerns fall back BEHIND THE BUS, next to Martine Correggio and a 2nd squad marine. Along with Harris and Imlay on the bus roof, they are the only ones left holding the aliens off. All FIRE forward a More and more aliens begin pouring through, braving the flames... Into the line of fire... Many aliens go down. But because of their sheer numbers, few start to make it through, FIRING BACK at the marines. Martinez sees the 2nd SQUAD MARINE go down in front of hi Martinez rushes to his side... HE'S DEAD. Martinez rises to shoot and...THWUMMP. Martinez is hit. He looks down, blood running over his belt. Shock on his face. He's been shot in the stomach. Martinez looks around... The remaining aliens now only cars apart from them. Two forces taking cover behind spraying glass and punctur metal, firing directly into the faces of their enemy. Martinez pulls himself together, struggling over to Nantz
76) 2) text: This is Lieutenant Bennie Martinez', U.S. Marine Corps! Aliens converge toward the back of the bus. Ten... Fifteen... Twenty ALIENS heading for the signal... Heading for Martinez.
76) 4) text: 1st Platoon, 2nd Battalion, 5th Marines! He turns, sees Nantz coming back for him... Martinez pulls a smoke canister from his vest... Holds it for Nantz to see... Then unscrews the fuse, pops open the gas cap of the bus. ALIENS CLOSE IN ON MARTINEZ... Nantz turns, dives for cover as... Martinez drops the fuse into the gas tank... A flash of fear across his face as... Aliens are on him a
77) 0) text: Nantz drops down the destroyed off-ramp... Runs to the marines and civilians BEHIND THE ABANDONED VAN. He sees Adukwu working on Rincon, Hector crying in Michele's arms
78) 0) text: A frantic dash through the street, rubble and fires all o Marines carry the kids. HECTOR, in Harris' arms, head swiveling, eyes searching for his dad, sees... Imlay and Adukwu CARRYING rINCON, who appears lifeless.
79) 0) text: A dark, empty store. The marines burst in, aiming rifles.
79) 53) text: No! No! I want my dad!!! Nantz lifts Hector. We see Hector's face, stricken, stari back at his father as he's carried off. The other marines gather up Michele and the girls... And everyone is moving silently THROUGH THE STORE as...
83) 0) text: The marines enter cautiously, rifles up. Then they hustle the civilians inside when it appears safe.
84) 0) text: Black plumes of SMOKE fill the night sky as Nantz and his head silently toward the bodies of dead marines and alien The tarmac is a smoldering WASTELAND: Empty, bombed-out buildings on its outskirts, burning aircraft and vehicles litter the runways. Fires crackle. As they go, the marines rifle the pockets and pouches of their fallen comrades, pulling out any available ammo. IMLAY whispers a low, heartfelt refrain to the dead marin he searches.
87) 0) text: The marines, absent Nantz, surround the civilians protectively as they hustle them into the LAV.
87) 2) text: Any station, this is Foxtrot 2 November. I have four civilians and seven marines, we're heading to Alternate Extraction Point Charlie. Requesting evacuation. I say again, this is Foxtrot 2 November heading to Alternate Extraction Point Charlie. Out. Nantz turns immediately, hurrying out.
89) 0) text: Nantz sees the civilians and marines crammed together in back amid gear and guns. He turns to Stavrou behind the wheel.
93) 4) text: Green wash of the city passing by. Tall, empty buildings around... Suddenly, a big DARK OBJECT in the street! Stavrou SLAMS THE BRAKES. Civilians and marines in the ti passenger compartment are thrown around. Right in front of the LAV... A massive CRATER. The street's impassable.
93) 24) text: Goddamn, you did it, sergeant! We're gonna get these people out! EVERYONE RUNS TO THE CHOPPER. The marines begin loading the civilians in, the old-schoo CREW CHIEF hopping off to help the kids in. CREW CHIEF
94) 5) text: What?! The other marines in Nantz' unit look over, alarmed now.    
95) 0) text: As the chopper hovers, Nantz drops to the roof, hunkers d with the other marines. Nantz watches the evac helicopter fly off to safety. Then he turns to the marines, who stare back hopelessly, clearly at their lowest point.
95) 11) text: I'm willing to give my full measure for you. I'm hoping you'll do the same for me. A BEAT, glances exchanged. THEN ALL THE MARINES RISE AS O
103) 0) text: Nantz and Imlay re-enter, running up to join the others. Up the stairs, by street-level, Harris and Adukwu keep wa Harris motions: "ENEMY TROOPS". Nantz nods. Signals for all the marines to head down the stairs. The marines gather around Nantz. To Harris:
104) 0) text: A chunk of rubble falls from the pile at the subway entra and Nantz emerges, rolling down the pile to the street. The other marines follow, set up a perimeter as..,. Nantz takes cover behind a berm of rubble, DROPPING down, flattening himself to the ground. He sets the GLTD (LASER DESIGNATOR) up on top of the pile Nantz removes his flack jacket and places it over the las designator.
105) 0) text: Nantz sits in the rumbling chopper. Surrounded by his marines. Imlay stares out at the city below.
105) 7) text: I'm sure she'll understand. Nantz looks at his marines.    
105) 9) text: I think you men earned the right to call yourselves marines today. I'm damn proud of every one of you. Retreat!? MARINES