36) 8) dialog: There's five of us. Three kids. Nantz is immediately moving.
40) 11) dialog: I have my nieces for the week. My sister and her husband are in Hawaii for their anniversary... Is it safe there? I heard this is happening in other places... Martinez is at a loss for words.
40) 12) dialog: What do they want from us? Why are they here?
42) 13) text: Michele.
44) 0) text: Nantz enters with Michele and Adukwu. Stavrou and Harris in the room with Martinez. They step aside, revealing... ALIEN BODY on the floor. Michele stops, stares. She and Adukwu are both taken abac at the sight of one of these things up close.
48) 0) text: Adukwu and Michele, scalpels in hand, hover over the alie body. Its thick leathery skin has been sliced open. Martinez and Nantz observe, Imlay on post nearby.
51) 0) text: Michele finishes her incision, carefully PEELS A SECTION THE ORGAN BACK. Something vaguely METALLIC is revealed within it. As Michele touches her scalpel to it, it SPARKS. Then starts rhythmically GLOWING.
52) 0) text: The marines step from the side room with Michele. They pe up and down the dark hallway, listening... OTHER DOORS along the hall take on an ominous presence no
58) 0) text: Martinez is in the front with Stavrou, Nantz in the middl the bus, hovering near the civilians sitting on the floor Rincon holds Hector, Michele with her arms around both gi Marines on the seats above, weapons ready. Nantz hears Imlay whispering to Harris:
60) 0) text: Amy and Kirsten pressed under seats, Michele covering the up... Hector closing his eyes in his dad's arms... The marines duck low, gripping their weapons. They hear the aircraft coming closer, almost above them. LIGHT starts shining through the windows as...
62) 0) text: Hector's eyes widen, staring up at the light. Michele pul the girls in closer, trying to calm them, herself. MICHELE (WHISPERING)
68) 4) text: Your head, Sergeant. You're bleeding. Nantz touches his head, looks at the blood. He wipes it o his pants. Michele smiles at him softly. MICHELE
72) 1) text: Okay, it's clear. We're gonna go. Amy and Kirsten, terrified, look up at Michele. She hurri the girls to the door of the bus as Kern runs up. MICHELE
77) 0) text: Nantz drops down the destroyed off-ramp... Runs to the marines and civilians BEHIND THE ABANDONED VAN. He sees Adukwu working on Rincon, Hector crying in Michele's arms
79) 7) text: I know. But you have to. Now wait with Michele a minute. Let me talk to the sergeant. Reluctantly, Hector allows Michele to lead him away.
79) 53) text: No! No! I want my dad!!! Nantz lifts Hector. We see Hector's face, stricken, stari back at his father as he's carried off. The other marines gather up Michele and the girls... And everyone is moving silently THROUGH THE STORE as...
85) 9) text: I'm single. Lots of family back in Nebraska, though... Hopefully they're safe... She shakes the thought away. MICHELE
85) 12) text: Nigeria. I came here to be a doctor. MICHELE