26) 0) text: PAPARAZZI FLASH -- As the glare recedes, a stunning face revealed like a developing photograph -- DAPHNE KLUGER, 3 goofy and aloof and devastatingly charming. She’s been famous for a while and she likes it. Daphne soaks up the flash as the Chairwoman of the Costume Institute introduc her --
26) 3) dialog: Right now? (she looks under her shirt) Under Armour?
26) 5) dialog: I normally do it myself unless I’m really wasted.
26) 7) dialog: Don’t you guys have something better to worry about -- like climate change? (they’re not budging) (MORE )
26) 9) text: Debbie and Cate exchange a look. INT. CATE’S LOFT - DEBBIE, CATE, AND ROSE WEIL They leaf through pictures of Daphne Kluger.
37) 4) text: Daphne Kluger looks at an underling...
37) 5) dialog: Rose Weil? Is she still alive? (fuming nonetheless) So what are we doing about this?
38) 0) text: Rose and Daphne sit on the long velvet bench in the corne
38) 2) dialog: Thanks for coming on such short notice.
38) 4) dialog: I've always admired you. I have so many of your pieces --
38) 6) dialog: (no) Oh, yeah. Debbie appears at the other end of the balcony. Rose’s ey shift -- DAPHNE KLUGER (CONT’D) Obviously this search hasn’t been easy, and so far everything’s been a little, well, boring -- Rose still looks past Daphne -- Debbie and Cate are now staring at her, pressed up against the glass.
38) 7) text: Debbie plasters her face against the clear window. Rose stares at them looking past Daphne and it’s starting to p her off. DAPHNE KLUGER (CONT’D) -- well you seem different, a little twisted -- like me. Daphne realizes she has completely lost Rose -- DAPHNE KLUGER (CONT’D) What is going on -- Daphne looks over her shoulder out the window -- Cate and Debbie have disappeared. Rose finally looks at Daphne.
38) 9) dialog: I’m trying to hire you. What, did you forget your Adderall? Jesus -- Daphne downs her whiskey, restores the glass. DAPHNE KLUGER (CONT’D) For the Met ball. I want you to dress me. Rose looks off to the balcony, beaming with satisfaction. CATE AND DEBBIE... Sit on the edge of planter, exhausted --
56) 0) text: A pre-party for the chairs of the Gala -- Daphne is alrea seated at her table. Klaus strolls up, glances down at hi place card. Daphne looks up. Smiles. He takes her hand...
56) 2) dialog: Lucky me.
56) 7) dialog: That's dirty...
73) 0) text: Daphne walks in dressed in heels and lingerie, hair in curlers, drinking whiskey. She sits in a Director’s chair a team of make-up people go to town. A MANICURIST takes h hand, another works on her feet --
77) 0) text: Daphne, now in a robe, is getting her hair sprayed, her e shadow blended. She glances in the mirror in front of her see Rose and two men in suits behind her.
77) 1) dialog: Is that it? Rose nods and stands to the side. The two guards from Tiffany’s move into the room, carrying a large velvet jew box. There is a weird ceremony to all of this: the place goes quiet; the men march forward in an even cadence. Ros crosses behind Daphne as the Harrington is revealed...
77) 2) dialog: Holy shit.
77) 5) dialog: And heavy. The mirror glitters -- it’s almost celestial.
77) 11) dialog: Takes in all of this from the mirror. The necklace. Titus behind her... and behind him Rose who steadies herself wi one hand, clutching her iPhone in the other. DAPHNE’S POV. ROSE’S IPHONE (TIGHT) She points it at the back of Daphne’s neck.
83) 0) text: The elevator doors open to reveal -- Daphne who looks STUNNING in a long-sleeve black velvet d that hugs every curve. A twelve foot train, and a plungin neckline frame the world's most valuable necklace.
84) 2) dialog: The dress somehow looks more radiant on the silver carpet with the full-effect of the train --
86) 1) dialog: Now a glamorous couple. All Deb’s own doing and still it stings.
88) 5) dialog: Utterly unfazed, they pause in front of: A matte black infinity. The room looks like it extends fo football field. The black sky is punctuated by FLOATING JEWELS -- each their own supernova: Diamonds, sapphires, rubies, emeralds, they gleam as if emitting their own lig They float in space, suspended from the ceiling, each describing an invisible human form. It’s like Yayoi Kusam Infinity room but way cooler and A LOT MORE EXPENSIVE. A million dots of light into infinity -- a celestial wonder
89) 0) text: Cate watches THE MONITOR, where Klaus Gunther leans over whispers something to Daphne who throws her head back in peel of laughter. Cate doesn't react. She turns and leaves.
90) 0) text: On the stage at the front of the hall, a jazz quartet pla The room fills with slightly lubricated guests. Everyone migrates toward their seats, appraises dresses they’ve ye see, people with whom they haven’t schmoozed -- TAMMY OBSERVES... DAPHNE AND KLAUS: a suprisingly-great-first-date energy between them. They move to their table -- ROSE... Already sits, enjoying her second glass of wine. Daphne a Klaus take their place next to her. (Top designers are always seated next to the “designed.”) CONSTANCE... Does a pass by of the table -- glances down at the clasp. 84.
90) 1) text: It’s sitting in the middle of Daphne’s neck like the whee a safe.
91) 0) text: Nine Ball watches Klaus still nibbling Daphne’s ear on th monitor. It’s gross even in low res video.
92) 8) dialog: Huh? The Soup lands in front of Daphne. DAPHNE KLUGER (CONT’D) Oh, thank God. She grabs her spoon and instead of bringing cutlery to mo she reverses the process, nearly plunging into the steami bowl. Daphne is four spoons deep before she ever breathes DAPHNE KLUGER (CONT’D) (re: her dress) I haven't eaten in three days. She wipes her soup moustache with the back of her hand an plunges back in.
92) 9) text: No one else is eating. Klaus stares at Daphne’s mouthful soup bread --
92) 10) dialog: (yeah, dickhead, I’m hungry) What? Judas and Titus stand on the outskirts of the Temple.
93) 4) dialog: So I have three brothers right -- totally vicious growing up. They would plan it out -- like pinto beans the night before, then in the morning two of them would hold me down while -- whoa. Daphne holds her stomach. The digestion is audible -- DAPHNE KLUGER (CONT’D) ...Cause you know -- brothers can be... (audible stomach rumble) God DAMN. All at once Daphne bolts from the table flailing in searc a bathroom. Judas and Titus follow suit.
94) 0) text: Daphne elbows a MATRON out of the way just as --
95) 0) text: Daphne barrels into the door, hand over mouth -- She flings open the door to reveal Constance about to sit the toilet -- all according to plan.
95) 2) dialog: 
100) 14) text: Daphne comes out, pale green -- very pale. Wipes her mouth...
100) 15) dialog: That was gnarly.
100) 18) dialog: (feeling their stares) What? One of them (gently) grabs her. The other pushes past her into the bathroom --
101) 0) text: She has removed the first diamond from the Harrington and holds it up to her loupe. Slight gasp. 93. EDGE OF THE DINING ROOM... Debbie watches the panic build. Daphne is surrounded by a security team who escort her back to the table.
101) 1) dialog: I’m not sure. It could have fallen off back here. Or maybe in there... I don’t know, I just barfed an organ out... The phalanx moves toward the table. Walkie-talkies crackl More security descend on the room.
101) 4) dialog: It must have fallen off, or --
101) 7) dialog: Jesus.
104) 0) text: Most of the guests have been cleared out leaving the plac weirdly empty -- a restaurant at closing time. Daphne and Klaus are talking to security while people search the pla
104) 1) dialog: (to the crowd) I am just so sorry... (a distinction) For real.
112) 0) text: Daphne sits at her table, stunned.
112) 2) dialog: I was barfing.
112) 6) dialog: Thank fucking God.
115) 0) text: Daphne now stands on the stairs above the main hall, whil Klaus (gallantly) places the necklace around her neck.
120) 11) dialog: They put the necklace on me, I did my silly walk, we saw the exhibit, I ate my soup, hurled my guts out -- The necklace was gone, everyone freaked out and then they found the necklace again. Frazier takes the clothes off the boards behind him -- th reveal Daphne’s entire night reconstructed with images fr Getty, Buzzfeed, Instagram, Paparazzi and Security footag In most of the images, Klaus is standing right next to he
120) 15) dialog: He was my date --
120) 17) dialog: I have no idea.
120) 19) dialog: Austrian.
120) 22) dialog: Passionately making out against a wall in a dark corner o Gallery --
120) 24) dialog: No. John looks over the images of Klaus and Daphne -- he is touching her neck a lot, as if coveting the necklace. Joh sits on the edge of the table --
120) 26) dialog: I try not to guess about people’s motivations. They tend to show you. 103.
120) 28) dialog: I was probably rubbing one out.
120) 30) dialog: When I was throwing up?
120) 32) dialog: My head was at the bottom of a toilet bowl.
120) 34) dialog: Lots of people.
120) 36) dialog: Don’t you have cameras in there?
120) 38) dialog: That’s Rose Weil, she designed my gown, which you obviously know, that chick was some type of event planner, I think, and her -- I’ve never seen before in my life. INT. CATE’S THEATER - DAY The team dismantles their headquarters. The replica of th main exhibit still stands in the background. Everyone glances up at the sound of heels clicking against the woo the stage...
120) 39) dialog: You guys are fucked. She enters from stage right and wanders over to a large investigation board -- DAPHNE KLUGER (CONT’D) Wow. It’s like everyone watched Homeland and got ideas -- Photos of Klaus and Daphne throughout the night -- he see enamoured with the necklace. DAPHNE KLUGER (CONT’D) (re: the board) Can I keep this?
120) 43) dialog: Wasn’t a total fucking idiot.
121) 0) text: Daphne drinks something green as she reads Deb’s note.
121) 2) dialog: (engrossed/reading the note) Shh.
121) 5) dialog: (mouthful) I even threw up for real.
121) 16) dialog: Is about to look up your ass with a flashlight.
121) 18) dialog: Little Colombo dude. Totally onto you. Everything but the trench- coat. Do you guys have anything to drink?
121) 26) dialog: That German creep who sent her away. (beat) Don’t you watch any movies -- like Double Indemnity? These insurance guys are smart. You gotta frame somebody else. Cate and Deb exchange a look. Moment of truth. Beat...
121) 28) dialog: I know I look like Daphne Kluger, but I only play her in real life. (beat) So when do we sell this shit?
124) 0) text: Klaus sitting on a bench. He’s looking down toward the en of the island. Boats glide by. He fights the sun. FROM FAR AWAY... DAPHNE’S SILHOUETTE... Approaches from down-river. She wears a black trench coat cinched at the waist and high heels considering the walk. would make anyone sit up and take notice...
126) 14) dialog: Let’s play a game? She's still wearing the trench coat but it’s partially unbuttoned. Her shoes are next to her -- She leans
126) 16) dialog: (sex game) You know. Like a “card” game. in, intoxicating. Klaus shudders slightly...
126) 20) text: All at once, she places a ten thousand dollar bracelet in front of a safari photograph (Klaus shirtless.) Daphne positions her iPhone and CLICK --
130) 8) dialog: I got a question?
130) 9) text: Everyone turns to look at Daphne who is sitting on a crat perplexed. She looks down at her iPhone where she’s been working the calculator.
130) 10) dialog: So you sold ‘bout 35 million worth of jewelry right? 117. Pause. She lowers the phone. DAPHNE KLUGER (CONT’D) How does everyone get 16 million a piece? All eyes on Debbie. They wait to see what she’s going to Ok -- why not?
131) 0) text: Daphne and Klaus stare at the main hall of the exhibit --
132) 0) text: Daphne violently vomits into the toilet.
132) 2) dialog: (professional) Of course.
133) 2) dialog: Oh, that’s smart.
136) 2) dialog: 