3) 85) dialog: Tamara and Cheryl, I'd like you to meet your new co-worke Annie. H-H-....
3) 87) dialog: Annie Heath. She graduated from Bryn Mawr, right?
3) 92) dialog: {to Cheryl) Cheryl, why don't you run through things with Annie while waiting on this customer. Bob smiles at Diana and walks to answer the phone which h started to ring. Tamara walks away smirking to stacks beh them. Cheryl and Annie walk to counter and both smile at c.U./Cheryl and Annie's P.O.V of Diana:
3) 320) dialog: Did either of you take an order for a...Diana Rolland? Cheryl looks up from computer as Tamara waits on a NEW CU Tamara looks nervously at Cheryl and Bob. Cc.U./Bob's P.O.V of Cheryl.
3) 322) dialog: Rolland, new account. I got a call from (looking at paper laughing)...Big Black Productions that‘they don't carry.. this... “Bald Black Ball Busters” (shakes head). Here's t of her order. Could you call her when you get a chance an her know that the video’s not available but, I am. BACK TO M.S. of Tamara, Customer, Cheryl and Bob. ' Bob laughs and hands Cheryl papers. and packages. Chery his laughter. Tamara finishes with customer who walks awa looks at Cheryl and Bob.
3) 324) dialog: Bald Black Ball Busters...isn't that funny, Tamara? 52 26. INT’ VIDEO STORE LATE AFTERNOON FILM
3) 333) dialog: {clearing throat) Miss ROLLAND...some of the tapes you ordered have arrived few of the titles were unavailable. (pause) They didn't h (to Cheryl) Can I have that special order slip back Cheryl? BACK TO M.S. of Bob, Cheryl and Tamara favoring Cheryl an Tamara. Cheryl hands Bob the slip. Bob hands the slip to Diana an smiles:
3) 334) dialog: They didn't have that last title there. c.U./ Bob's P.O.V of Diana. Diana looks at sheet puzzled. . ~ BACK TO M.S. of Bob, Cheryl and Tamara favoring Cheryl an Tamara. Cheryl ‘and Tamara make big gestures catching Diana's att Cheryl mouths the words “it's OK. Take the tapes." C.U./ Bob's P.O.V of Diana:
3) 338) text: The phone in Bob's office rings:
3) 339) dialog: (still smiling at Diana) Tamara, could you answer that for me. (to Diana) We're al here. Bob winks at Diana:
3) 340) dialog: Do you want a bag or a hand? BACK TO Bob's P.O.V. of Diana:
3) 343) text: Bob. It's your girlfriend. Should I tell her to call back BACK TO Diana's P.O.V. of Bob:
3) 344) dialog: No, No. (to Cheryl) Cheryl, help her with her stuff. Bob smiles at Diana and walks out of frame Cheryl walks i frame. L.S. of Cheryl and Diana at counter. . CAMERA PANS FOLLOWING ACTION. Cheryl walks from behind co carrying package with videos and picks up 2 of Diana's gr bags. Diana walks away and Cheryl follows. Annie, who's o ‘floor, looks at the two as they walk past her. CAMERA HO ANNIE. Annie smiles at Cheryl. _ cUT TO: 29, BxT.- VIDEO STORE A BiT LATER
4) 343) text: No, Bob. (pause) I was just trying to convince Tamara her work for me next Friday. (pause) I have to go to NY with Tamara shifts and looks in binder.
5) 12) dialog: Can I help you?
6) 60) text: kept the camera. I know they'll never give it back but Ta and I plan to go tomorrow and complain. (pause) I quit my yesterday. I just didn't show up. Bob kept calling and ca (pause) I fucked up royally with Diana. I tried to call h ‘she won't answer. (pause) I don't know-- but-~ I guess t happen for a reason, you know what I mean. I have to fini film and move on. (pause) It's like you work on something to learn something, and then you move on. (pause) If ther one lesson to learn about this project it's moving on...t what Fae did. She moved on from being just a singer to a star,...then she was lovers with a Martha Page, then she back to Philly to be with June,...then she died. (pause) She was in control of her life and did-what she wanted. S -Called herself the Watermelon Woman and lived,as the Wat Woman until she wanted to be...to be herself. (pause) I g that's what I learned from this project...be yourself cau nS know what, that the only person.who you can he. Papers are heard shuffling and MUSIC is heard.