4) 468) text: Oh. Yes I have a backpack...But here, (pause) take this f brought for Miss June. BACK TO C.U./Cheryl's P.O.V of Young Black Woman:
4) 482) dialog: (V 0)
4) 483) text: -«-.wanted to know about Fae and her relationship with th woman yet you call yourself working .on a project about F Black actress yet you have to include a white woman. Whet you're in the family or not, if you're black you have to to it. It's all that we have. our pictures, our stories a that's left of the lives we dared to live back then. I ho not jumping the gun by saying all this but somebody bette you straight and it best be me.who loved and lived with F until she died, ‘L.S.-of Cheryl and WOMAN STREET SINGER. Cheryl stops walking and listens to. a WOMAN STREET SINGE HEARD beneath June's reading is street Singer's MUSIC. June . (continues V.0.) Fae never really. talked about her Watermelon years and I cared to ‘ask. I think it troubled her soul to have the w her like that. :
4) 489) dialog: (v/O) But I knew she was good...she was good at everything she She paved the way for kids like you to run around making projects about the past and how we lived then. (pause) I were around cause I know she would say a thing or two to straight...you have it all wrong. L.S. of Cheryl and WOMAN STREET SINGER. Cheryl takes money out of her pocket, places it in case/h front of singer, and walks out of frame. The Singer continues to play.
4) 490) dialog: {continues V.0.) If you are really in the family, you better understand th family will always have only each other. Please Cheryl, m history before we are all dead and gone. (pause) I've inc some of the PHOTOs she had left of back then. I should ha thrown them out but maybe now you‘can make what was wrong I hope this note guides you on that right path to using t properly. (pause) I've been in the hospital before so don none. I got friends there. I got friends everywhere.
6) 60) text: kept the camera. I know they'll never give it back but Ta and I plan to go tomorrow and complain. (pause) I quit my yesterday. I just didn't show up. Bob kept calling and ca (pause) I fucked up royally with Diana. I tried to call h ‘she won't answer. (pause) I don't know-- but-~ I guess t happen for a reason, you know what I mean. I have to fini film and move on. (pause) It's like you work on something to learn something, and then you move on. (pause) If ther one lesson to learn about this project it's moving on...t what Fae did. She moved on from being just a singer to a star,...then she was lovers with a Martha Page, then she back to Philly to be with June,...then she died. (pause) She was in control of her life and did-what she wanted. S -Called herself the Watermelon Woman and lived,as the Wat Woman until she wanted to be...to be herself. (pause) I g that's what I learned from this project...be yourself cau nS know what, that the only person.who you can he. Papers are heard shuffling and MUSIC is heard.