0) 57) dialog: Excuse me?
0) 59) dialog: _Here is the deposit money...for your work; half now and when we see the tape. C.U. of Tamara. Tamara stops her work and walks over to the two women.
0) 61) dialog: Errin might be your friend but we're paying for the video don't know why she wanted a video of this in the first pl C.U. TWO SHOT of Tamara and Cheryl favoring Tamara. Tamara folds her arms angrily and looks away.
4) 274) dialog: I don't mind helping out for your little project at all d (pause) My sister was an important lady you know. Cheryl looks at Mrs. Page Fletcher and gives her a half-a smile. The Black woman enters, serves tea, and exits. Che watches the older Black woman walk away. M.S. of Cheryl (seated in chair), Mrs. Page Fletcher and (seated on couch) holding tea cups.
4) 275) dialog: So exactly what do you young ladies want to know about my sister? Mrs. Page-Fletcher put teacup down on table.
4) 277) dialog: She worked with a number of important starlets back then...Sandra Vincent, Cassandra Brooks...
4) 279) dialog: Who? Mrs. Page-Fletcher looks oddly at chery1. She turns and l Diana.
4) 284) dialog: Martha saw her singing at one of those speak easy clubs. it had something to do with Father and one of his busines ventures if I'm correct.(pause) Yes, I think the story wa Martha was looking for a maid for a movie she was working and... Mrs. Page-Fletcher turns and addresses Cheryl.
4) 285) dialog: (continues) «-.and father happened to be interested in investing in something for the colored people. Mrs. Page-Fletcher turns and looks at Diana.
4) 287) dialog: Oh no, I don't think he did. That was so long ago dear.
4) 298) dialog: Really. If I remember the story correctly Martha was doin in Hollywood and encouraged her former cast to come and a for roles in her new picture.
4) 300) dialog: You're not trying to infer something went on between the them? Mrs. Page-Fletcher looks back and forth between Diana and with her eyes wide open.
4) 303) dialog: My sister wasn't that type of woman. I've told every writ asks about Martha this. Martha was a brilliant woman who courage to break into an industry dominated by men. — Mrs. Page-Fletcher regains her composure. Diana looks at then at Mrs. Page-Fletcher.
4) 316) dialog: Aren't they all just a little angry? . There is silence. Cheryl focuses camera on C.U.. of Mrs. Page-Fletcher. CAM * to Diana who looks at Mrs. Page Fletcher. :