1) 43) text: wom , I just remember what I told you cause Mae got into a fi pe mo Shirley after that night and...(pause) let me go no other people business.
3) 240) dialog: «s. And the Crab Shack. Philly was really jumping then. T Shack and the Dew Drop Inn. Yeah that's where it was. And you should have seen me up on the bar carryin' on like a. wait a minute I almost forgot you was tapin'. (laughs:)
3) 243) text: When did you first meet the Watermelon Woman? SHIRLEY . ‘You mean Fae.. Fae Richards.
3) 250) text: 47 26. INT ‘SHIRLEY's LIVING ROOM DAY VIDEO:
3) 252) dialog: Girl, who told you that mess about Watermelon Woman? (pau That might of been her stage name when she was in the mov but when she was singing for us she used her real name. F Richards. She musta got that Watermelon thing from those folk she'd hang out with. (pause) Watermelon.
3) 255) dialog: I was in love with her that's why. Every stone butch was. was a looker. Had the saddest smile that would make you w ...(sings) “Squeeze right to your heart on a cloudy day.. (pause) Yeah, she sure was a looker. (pause) I was ...sev eighteen...and the first time I walked into the Showcase, {lights up Cigarillo) Pookie bring me an ashtray. POOKIE, a girl about 8 yrs., enters with ashtray. Pookie at the camera, giggles and leaves.
3) 256) dialog: (continues) Git outta here girl, can't you see we're making a movie. The Showcase right, is that where I was? Fae sings the bl all of us at that speakeasy near South Street. It was a m club that allowed our kind of people to come in. She'd co in some fabulous outfit and sing. to all us butches stand front. Sometimes we'd fight just to get her to look at us (pause) I even got thrown out once fighting with this gir North Phikly. And if I remember right, they even had a ba where ali sorts of things went on. But you'd never find m there.
3) 259) dialog: Are you from the planet earth girl! When have you ever se black lesbian and gay club, ever. (pause) Back then thing all mixed; white folks owned it , black folks attended an white folks came there. Most of the white folks were in t family though. Those ofays needed some place to socialize
3) 266) text: 48 26. INT ‘ SHIRLEY's LIVING ROOM DAY VIDEO
3) 268) dialog: Did she have a ‘peoples,' you mean. We called our girlfri “my people.” (pause) Fae hung with a lot of different peo Somebody told me once that she was in with the ofays and up some ritzy white woman director to put her in the pict
3) 271) dialog: Yeah that sounds like the name. And if I remember my goss right she was one mean and ugly woman.
3) 273) text: Wow, Shirley. You should write this all down and make som money. You're living history.
3) 274) dialog: History, huh? I never thought this was history. (pause) I that's why we have kids like you. You'll remember us, won Shirley sits silently shaking her head.
3) 275) dialog: You know I got some pictures and things from those club d (calls into the other room) Nae Nae! NAE NAE, an eleven-year old black girl, walks into view w hair half braided and half pressed and a comb stuck in it
3) 278) dialog: That's right. (pause) Go in my room and bring me down tha box with the picture albums in it. And don't touch nothin you’re in there either. Shirley sits rubbing her chin and smoking. 49
3) 279) text: 26. INT . SHIRLEY's LIVING ROOM DAY VIDEO
3) 281) text: These are my niece's children.(pause) She leaves them wit ~ when she goes to work in 'lantic City. She works at Bal A loud thump is heard. Shirley shakes her head. Nae Nae r enters. -
3) 283) dialog: This was me back in '39. I was what you kids call a fly g Shown is a tattered PHOTO of Shirley.
3) 288) dialog: Of course. I was only about nineteen years old.
3) 291) dialog: You know, I might. I used to have my mirror in my room co with all the photos of the pérformers in the clubs. Back you could buy them and they'd sign it for you.. (pause) Y think this is one of. her from back:-when she sang at the back during W.W.II.
3) 292) text: br : Shirley holds up PHOTO. Fae is ‘seen posed in a glit
3) 293) dialog: She was a looker.back then.