0) 85) dialog: Is he really Elsie?
3) 5) text: 19. INT CHERYL'’s APT. DAY yy Seen in video is a SLIDE projected blurry image of a 1930 still. The image of a black woman and a white woman come focus. It's Hattie McDaniel and Vivien Leigh in Gone with Wind. TAMARA and CHERYL 's voices are heard in. the backg -(0.8.).The sound of the slide projector and soft MUSIC i
3) 44) text: Popular in the films of white woman director Martha Page little known singer named the ‘Watermelon woman'. She mad screen debut in Page's 1931 comedy The Jersey Girl. Richa premiered as a lively domestic who is hired by a white co girl forced to sell the family farm and move to the big c The SLIDE changes to Watermelon Woman and director Martha speaking off set.
3) 60) text: Beautiful woman. A very very beautiful woman The SLIDE changes to white. cur TO: 20. Imr - VIDEO STORE DAY FILM L.S. PAN. Cheryl is seen walking from behind the counter stack of tapes. She walks to a section of store and begin Place tapes on shelves. . M.S. of Cheryl and DIANA. As Cheryl organizes tape, an attractive white woman in he twenties, DIANA, stands in background seriously looking a on shelves. The two stand silently near each other then C notices Diana who now holds 3 videotapes in her hands: CHERYL . You know it's two tapes for the one Monday through Thursd DIANA . Oh really? Thanks, I'm having a rough time deciding ...Wh would you suggest; Cleopatra Jones, Jason's Lyric, or Car
3) 200) dialog: You'd expect a young girl like that to be quick about thi What is she ordering anyway. (pause) Maybe she's one of t vegiterainiums. ~ Cheryl laughs under her breath. The grungy white boy turns around.
4) 185) text: ».-to capture all these fine, and I mean fine, black wome C.U. ZIPPAN from stage to 2 WHITE WOMAN seated in audienc Annie turns her camera from singer and focuses on two wom the audience.
4) 483) text: -«-.wanted to know about Fae and her relationship with th woman yet you call yourself working .on a project about F Black actress yet you have to include a white woman. Whet you're in the family or not, if you're black you have to to it. It's all that we have. our pictures, our stories a that's left of the lives we dared to live back then. I ho not jumping the gun by saying all this but somebody bette you straight and it best be me.who loved and lived with F until she died, ‘L.S.-of Cheryl and WOMAN STREET SINGER. Cheryl stops walking and listens to. a WOMAN STREET SINGE HEARD beneath June's reading is street Singer's MUSIC. June . (continues V.0.) Fae never really. talked about her Watermelon years and I cared to ‘ask. I think it troubled her soul to have the w her like that. :