65) 0) text: Clyde watches as MAINTENANCE MEN remove the unbolted cot the cell and his Sleep-Matic is rolled in. CONVICTS watch, dumbfounded. Clyde's cellmate, a towering Aryan Brother named DWIGHT DIXON, stands quietly amazed..
67) 6) text: Clyde glances back to Dwight. Dwight's watching, glowerin agreement in his silence. Clyde turns back to Iger.
81) 5) dialog: Fuckin' A.
81) 6) text: Clyde motions "join me, won't you?" They each take a seat Clyde passes Dwight a crisply-folded linen napkin. Dwight tucks it like a bib. Clyde lays his on his lap. A hurled object CLANGS off their bars. The cons are now throwing things, hollering to raise the dead. Clyde crank the music a bit louder, motions for Dwight to dig in. Dwight goes for it, cramming food in his mouth and grabbi for more, fingers digging in...
83) 0) text: ...lips and teeth -- Dwight chewing, laughing. Oddly enou he and Clyde seem to have started enjoying each other's company. THE MUSIC PLAYS in bizarre counterpoint to: THE CACOPHONY of an angry cellblock -- if the cons weren' their cells, this would be a riot. All imaginable items a being hurled through bars: toilet paper rolls, books, sho clothes, all raining down, showering the cellblock floor.
83) 2) text: Dwight throws his head back and laughs...
85) 0) text: ...as Clyde and Dwight indulge their food orgy. Dialogue not important, so we won't hear any -- we'll let the MUSI take over and carry -- because it's all about tone: They're laughing and talking, winding each other up. And more Clyde wisecracks, the more Dwight laughs. Clyde finishes gnawing a lamb rack and says something to about the ruckus. Dwight turns, glances out, as: Clyde casually, but with purpose, lowers the bone onto hi lap -- adding it to one already there. He picks up a fres one, starts chewing the meat off...
90) 0) text: ...and Clyde lunges, face no longer laughing, the rolling cart slamming into the wall as the lamb bones protruding his fist go slamming into Dwight's throat...
91) 0) text: ...and Clyde has Dwight pinned on the floor against the b arm ramming like a piston, punching those bones into Dwig throat again and again, blood everywhere...