19) 0) text: The condemned, RUPERT AMES, is placed against the upright execution table and buckled in. The table is tilted back vertical. All Rupert can do is lay there and watch, as: MEDICAL TECHS swab his arms with alcohol, prepare the nee find his veins. The needles are inserted, taped off. The lines are attached. Very methodical. The techs leave the room. The curtain is drawn aside, rev the big window that separates the chamber from:
20) 0) text: Nick and his colleagues are among SEVERAL DOZEN WITNESSES seated in chairs. They watch as WARDEN IGER faces Rupert.
20) 2) text: Rupert doesn't have much of an IQ and he's scared shitles but he does his best:
20) 3) dialog: I'm here. Clarence Darby ain't. And that ain't right. 'Cause that man is evil, ain't no other way to say it. All them things he done, and him turn witness against me for it.
20) 5) dialog: I did wrong too. I guess I'll pay up. But it was always him sayin' jump and how high, and I just went along. Now he's killin' me and he got you people to do it. And that's a shame. A goddamn shame. And... (pause) ...and I guess that's all.
20) 6) text: Nick trades a look with Sarah. Cantrell is stoic. Warden Iger nods to TWO GUARDS manning the LETHAL INJECTI MACHINE, on which EIGHT OVERSIZED GLASS CYLINDERS in a ve row are the main feature, filled with various clear liqui There are two switches -- one a dummy, the other live (no to know which is which). The guards power up the machine. Lights activate on the board. Each man grabs a switch, wa Nick watches the wall clock. It hits 7 o'clock. The warde nods and the guards flick their switches, quickly leaving room. The warden follows them out, closes the door. We hear the pumps quietly activate. Rupert is taking shal breaths, terrified...then lays back to wait. PLUNGER ONE slowly descends, emptying its contents into t I.V. lines... Rupert sags as the fast-acting barbiturate spreads throug his veins...his breathing slows...his head drops back... loses consciousness... PLUNGER TWO depresses, sending the second vial of liquid the I.V. lines with a quiet whir of pumps...
20) 8) dialog: Ah...ah...AH! The witnesses go tense, confused -- what the hell? RUPERT
20) 9) text: Ah--ah--Jesus, don't that HURT! Rupert looks down at his arms, his expression turning to horror, because: The veins are turning angry red, then blackening, as the liquids course through them... RUPERT
26) 8) text: "Did not go well." Way to go, Rupert. You even fucked up dying. LISA
37) 15) text: She runs out. Nick comes off the step-stool, gratefully a a cup of coffee from Kell. He suddenly freezes, notices: The kitchen TV is playing CNN: a top-of-the-hour story on Rupert Ames execution and foul-up.
59) 10) text: You murdered two people. Rupert Ames and Clarence Darby. CLYDE (shifts his gaze)
59) 14) text: You murdered two people. Rupert Ames and Clarence Darby. BLUE   -     9-19-08                                  38.
126) 36) text: There are limits. Even in war. I may be many things, Nick. But I'm not Clarence Darby. I'm not Rupert Ames. I'm not that kind of monster. NICK