7) 0) text: SARAH LOWELL, fresh out of law school, is waiting anxious for the meeting to end, arms full of file folders.
7) 4) dialog: It's okay. On he goes. Nick and Cantrell exit the room.
7) 5) dialog: You're due upstairs in three minutes! You're gonna be late!
8) 5) dialog: (deer in the headlights)                         *
8) 10) dialog: Okay. Um. You can take both men to trial, spend a year and millions of taxpayer dollars, and probably lose. Or you can cut a deal and at least put one of the men who did the crime on death row. It's a no-brainer.                      * You make the deal.                                    *
8) 12) text: They trade a look. Cantrell glances to Sarah.
8) 14) dialog: I'll avoid that.                                      *
9) 0) text: JUDGE LAURA BURCH presides. Nick, Cantrell, Sarah are pre CLARENCE DARBY is the focus, Bill Reynolds at his side.
18) 6) dialog: There they are. Like clockwork.
18) 7) text: ANGLE SHIFTS TO Sarah -- much more confident and power-su than last time we saw her -- riding up front with the dri
20) 6) text: Nick trades a look with Sarah. Cantrell is stoic. Warden Iger nods to TWO GUARDS manning the LETHAL INJECTI MACHINE, on which EIGHT OVERSIZED GLASS CYLINDERS in a ve row are the main feature, filled with various clear liqui There are two switches -- one a dummy, the other live (no to know which is which). The guards power up the machine. Lights activate on the board. Each man grabs a switch, wa Nick watches the wall clock. It hits 7 o'clock. The warde nods and the guards flick their switches, quickly leaving room. The warden follows them out, closes the door. We hear the pumps quietly activate. Rupert is taking shal breaths, terrified...then lays back to wait. PLUNGER ONE slowly descends, emptying its contents into t I.V. lines... Rupert sags as the fast-acting barbiturate spreads throug his veins...his breathing slows...his head drops back... loses consciousness... PLUNGER TWO depresses, sending the second vial of liquid the I.V. lines with a quiet whir of pumps...
20) 11) dialog: Oh, Jesus. CANTRELL
21) 0) text: Drained and waiting: Nick sitting against the town car. Cantrell across from him with Betsy at his side (the guid dog will always be at his side in this movie, specified o not). EMERGENCY LIGHTS are swirling all around them. A PARADE OF PEOPLE descends: DETECTIVE DUNNIGAN, Sarah, W Iger, COPS, PRISON STAFF. Intense:
21) 9) dialog: Show them. The bad part.
22) 4) dialog: The bad part. I was just on with the Governor's office. He commuted Rupert Ames' sentence. They were trying to call us to stop the execution. They couldn't get through.
23) 3) dialog: I remember it too. Some things stick in your head.
59) 0) text: Clyde sits alone and isolated in a small room. WIDEN to r Sarah at the observation glass. She turns as Nick steps u
59) 1) dialog: He says he'll only talk to you.
59) 24) dialog: I don't believe this guy.
60) 1) dialog: Ten years he's been planning this?             * Patient people make me nervous. This? This freaks me out.                      *
61) 0) text: STEADICAM TWO SILHOUETTES: We're following Nick and Sarah through one of the pedestrian tunnels to the street:
61) 2) dialog: How about outside help? That P.I. who helped us on the Jacovitz case?
61) 4) text: We find a MERCEDES at the curb -- Kell at the wheel, Emma back. Nick gets in. Sarah leans down, happy to see them. face lights up -- the little girl obviously adores her.
61) 6) dialog: Hey Kell! Hey Emma, how's my dynamo?
61) 9) dialog: Who needs a life, right? Talk to your husband, maybe he'll give us a day off one of these years.
63) 0) text: A huge domed chamber. In the center of the floor stands a smaller free-standing domed cage, like a bizarre birdcage Inside the birdcage: Nick and Garza wait. Garza mans a ca Outside the birdcage: Observers. Some (Cantrell and Sarah occupy floor-level, where the video monitors are. Others and Dunnigan) are on a catwalk above that encircles the r A door opens and Clyde is brought into the birdcage. He g around, checking his surroundings.
64) 5) dialog: (offering) We give him a bed, he confesses, we                  * take the bed away. At most it's one                  * night.                                               *
71) 0) text: Nick enters, moves through the bullpen. ADAs (assistant district attorneys) are working and grimly focused. Nick his head into Sarah's office. She looks up.
72) 1) dialog: He's got no next-of-kin. No family                     * since his wife and daughter were                       * killed...
72) 3) dialog: He's a tinkerer. Little inventions                     * and gizmos...
73) 0) text: Nick gazing out the window, Cantrell seated with his dog, Sarah reading the report thus far:
73) 1) dialog: ...he holds two dozen patents that have made him a lot of money the last ten years. He's invested a lot of it in real estate. Weird stuff.
73) 3) dialog: Properties with no real value. Around                  * airports, chemical plants. Stuff                       * nobody wants...
74) 3) dialog: He votes. He gives money to charity, mostly victim's funds...
75) 1) dialog: ...but he also gives a big chunk to macular research.
75) 3) dialog: RPI. That's the charity you work with, isn't it?
79) 0) text: Sarah is exiting, leaving Nick and Cantrell to stare at t phone and wait for it to ring...
95) 0) text: A steel gate slides open, revealing Nick. Flanking him ar Cantrell, Dunnigan, Davies (banged up and bandaged), Iger others. They move toward us with purpose, grim and resolu Sarah bringing up the rear with a young ADA named ROYCE.
95) 6) text: Sarah speed-dials as a GUARD lets them in...
96) 15) dialog: (handing off phone) Judge Burch with an answer for you.
100) 5) dialog: Properties, investments, a few small                   * businesses he owns -- a lot of it's                    * hidden behind false names and shell                    * companies, but we're still digging...                  *
106) 11) text: Sarah, roust the ADAs. Tell 'em                    * we're pulling an all-nighter.
107) 0) text: ADAs are parking their cars along the wall, directed by a waving GUARD. ANGLE FINDS a lot of people: cop, prison, F Sarah jumps out of her car and hurries over to Nick and t others with a flock of EIGHT ADAs at her heels.
108) 4) text: Sarah, grabbing a stack from a filing cabinet and slammin the door shut with her hip, gives him a laser look:
108) 5) dialog: We boring you, Jameson? You got someplace to be?
108) 7) dialog: (crossing the room) Weekend plans? Cancel 'em! I don't wanna hear any shit about it! (on Jameson again) Clack-clack, Jameson. Clack-clack.
112) 5) text: Let them all sleep a few hours,                     * then bring 'em back for round two.                  * SARAH
112) 8) text: Love it when they cry wolf. The men separate in different directions. Dunnigan catche glimpse of Sarah almost at her car -- she loses a page fr under her arm, which flutters away on the breeze. DUNNIGAN (calls to her)
112) 9) text: Miss Lowell! Lost something! She looks back, sees the page skittering slowly across th ground. Weary, she blows a strand of hair from her eyes, down her briefcase, walks back to get it... Dunnigan smiles, keeps walking. The other men too. Nick s a moment, watching, then starts toward his car... The ADAs are getting to their cars, pulling key fobs, aim them to unlock their cars... Sarah is getting to the page, leaning down... The ADAs are pressing the remotes, a CHORUS OF CHIRPS... And WHAM -- the cars EXPLODE in a stunning SERIES OF DETONATIONS, killing the ADAs, throwing bodies through th air, kicking cars off the ground and flipping a few skywa
112) 15) text: He keeps clamping down, Sarah screaming and sobbing, as w
122) 9) text: Okay, you're right. Maybe I am a little. But only a little. The part you can believe is that this is all going to be fine. Sarah, us. (directed at Kell)
125) 8) text: Nick nods, pulls Sarah's reports from his briefcase.
132) 0) text: Nick peers in. Sarah's in bed, leg braced, in traction. S awake but groggy -- which isn't stopping her from giving instructions to Royce, who's scribbling notes at her beds
132) 1) dialog: ...tell Hansen we need hard info on those addresses...don't let the shell game on ownership title slow him down...at this point we'll take educated guesses...
132) 2) text: Sarah looks over, sees Nick step in, gives him a weak smi
132) 4) dialog: Hey. Nice flowers. Thanks.
132) 7) dialog: This place has great drugs. Damn. I should've totaled my leg long ago.
132) 9) dialog: They're all dead?
132) 11) text: Sarah lets herself cry. Nick waits, then:
160) 0) text: Nick enters, finds Sarah crying. A WALL-MOUNTED TV IS PLA A NEWS REPORT of the explosions -- file footage of Jonas Cantrell pops up. Nick drifts over, sits at her bedside,
160) 5) dialog: We got the latest batch of background in. Hansen and the other guy did some good work here--
160) 7) text: Sarah is staring at him with "fuck you" in her eyes. She up a multi-page list of addresses, hands it to him.
160) 8) dialog: This lists over fifty shit-value properties in industrial zones that nobody in their right mind would want to own -- stuff around chemical plants, factories. All are owned by Benson Clyde. Look at twenty-two.
160) 11) dialog: (tight, pissed) The garage, not so much. But the address. Look at the location.