1) 2) text: Elsewhere in the locker room, we pick up a weary, mud- splattered Joe Kane taking off his pads in front of his  locker. ALVIN MACK, black linebacker, comes by. Alvin exu danger; big, fast and hostile on the field, slightly surl a sense of repressed anger off it.
1) 3) dialog: Good throw, Joe. It was there.
1) 5) dialog: Next year, man. Next year we sell  out. Next year we dominate.
7) 0) text: Two rooms. Dirt floor. Two-foot Christmas tree on an appl cart. Alvin Mack's MOTHER opens a Christmas present as Al and his TWO SISTERS look on. It's an ENGRAVED LIONSHEAD  DOORKNOCKER, the kind you'de find on the door of an afflu home. The inscription reads THE MACK'S. Alvin's mother th it's beautiful, but isn't sure what to do with it.
7) 2) dialog: When I turn pro, I'll get you the  house to go with it.
20) 14) text: Bobby laughs and heads over to Louanne's table, as Joe po himself another beer. Alvin enters the bar, goes to Joe's table, plops a copy o Sports Illustrated down in front of Joe.
20) 15) dialog: Hey, man, you seen this?
20) 17) dialog: (ribbing Joe) You must be some very bad-ass  motherfucker.
20) 22) dialog: Shit, we do all the work. You get  all the pub. Too bad we're not allowed  to hit you in practice. Be fun to  kick the shit out of a Heisman Trophy  Candidate.
20) 24) dialog: (to Darnell) Beer boy, get me some.
20) 26) dialog: Does it look like I'm serious?
21) 0) text: The crowd from the 911 (Bud, Alvin, Lattimer, Darnell, Bo and Louanne) follow Joe down the hill behind the bar towa a busy two-lane highway. Joe, a little drunker than the  others, starts HOWLING at the moon like a Timber Wolf. Th others join in.
21) 6) dialog: Hell no, you go get his ass. Crazy  motherfucker.
21) 15) text: Bud can't fight it. He lies down on the line, his head  touching Joe's feet. Joe begins to HOWL again. Bud joins Alvin and the others can't believe it.
21) 16) dialog: Startin' to look like a loaf of Wonder  bread out there.
21) 19) text: Bobby and Lattimer look at each other a beat. Time to ant up. Both turn to Alvin.
21) 20) dialog: What are you lookin' at? You think  you're bad?
21) 21) text: Alvin snorts in disgust and starts out onto the blacktop. Bobby and Lattimer smile, go to follow. Louanne grabs Bob holds him back.
21) 23) text: Bobby smiles, grabs her ass, pulls her to him, gives her long, passionate kiss, then sprints out to the white line leaving her breathless. Alvin, Bobby and Lattimer lie down in front of Bud. Now  there's a line of five, a human highway median. Everybody scared shitless, howling their lungs out. Louanne and Darnell watch from the side of the road.
21) 25) text: Finally, Joe laughing wildly, jumps up and they all scram back to safety. Out of breath, but pumped up, they exchan exhilarated high fives. Alvin just shakes his head.
27) 0) text: Scrimmage. Joe hands off to Darnell. He sweeps right, cut it up, blows past the end. In a spectacular display of br field running, Darnell breaks to the sideline, cuts back, eluding the corner back, and stiffarms the safety. Alvin, pursuing the play, finally tackles him from behind, strip the ball at the same time. There's a wild scramble for th fumble. Darnell is crushed under the pile, as the defense recovers it, ruining an otherwise brilliant run. The players unpile to reveal Darnell, writhing on the gro the wind knocked out of him. Ray Griffen runs by to take place.
31) 8) dialog: Long as you're in the program, they'll  get you through. Maybe not with a  degree, but they'll keep you eligible.  Just don't do nothin' embarrassing  they can't cover you for.
31) 10) dialog: Fuck you, doughboy. I can read. See  that shoe? (points to his shoes) That says Nike.
31) 12) dialog: What do you think, nigger? You're  gonna be on the Supreme Court? All  you need to know is how to sign an  N.F.L. contract.
43) 25) dialog: I dunno. Detroit and Buffalo.
44) 2) dialog: Eagle. Zipper. Hero. Unless the set  back shifts into the I.
44) 4) dialog: Okie. Thunder. Lion.
44) 6) dialog: Kill the Quarterback. (slide changes) Hit the tight end so hard his  girlfriend dies. (slide changes) Kill everybody.
45) 0) text: Joe watches Bud Lite, Darnell, Alvin and Lattimer file in and unveil a life-size CARDBOARD STAND-UP of Joe's Sports Illustrated cover pose. They whoop it up, as Joe tries to muster some enthusiasm.
59) 1) dialog: The best thing is when you dominate.  That feeling when you hit a guy real  good, really stick him, and you hear  that little moan.
60) 0) text: Alvin, his ass-kicking game face on, walks over to where  Lattimer is finishing decorating his face with Indian war paint. They chuck each other's pads, then Lattimer opens mouth. Alvin spits into it. Then Lattimer spits into Alvi Darnell can't believe this shit.
60) 1) dialog: You know it's killin' him, but you  feel great. It's just him and you,  and he's the one that's hurtin'.
60) 2) text: We move in on the burning ferocity of Alvin's eyes and
63) 1) dialog: All right, let's get evil. 60 minutes,  balls out. Let's open a can of kick- ass. Kill 'em all. Let the paramedics  sort 'em out.
63) 2) text: The Mississippi State offense breaks it's huddle, comes t the line of scrimmage. Alvin, prowling behind the line, l eyes with the tailback, No.23.
63) 3) dialog: Hey, 23, don't think I don't recognize  you, you little fuck.
63) 5) dialog: Hey, pay attention when I'm talkin'  to you, nigger. You're the guy that  shot my mother aren't you?
63) 7) dialog: You were tryin' to steal her fuckin'  car weren't you, cocksucker.
63) 14) dialog: (to tailback) Thought I'd never find you didn't  ya? But I got you now nigger, and  I'm gonna kill you motherfucker. I'm  gonna bust your guts open and watch  you die.
63) 15) text: The ball is snapped. The quarterback pitches to the tailb as Alvin charges into the hole, screaming at the top of h lungs. The tailback, eyes wide with fear, cuts back, away from Alvin, where he's promptly crunched by Lattimer. The ball flies loose, there's a scramble, Alvin comes up with it. E.S.U. ball.
63) 16) text: The bench and stands erupt as Lattimer and Alvin but head and trot off the field.
64) 2) text: As he walks by, he slips an ENVELOPE into Darnell's coat  pocket. Darnell opens it to find a 50 dollar bill. Surpri he goes over to Alvin.
64) 4) dialog: Don't worry, you'll get 5 or 6 hundred  once you're startin', depending on  how you play.
64) 6) dialog: Hey, man, you can't live on $500 a  month scholarship money. And the NC  double assholes won't let us have  jobs, so you take your money where  you can get it. (taking Darnell's  envelope) I'll keep it for you, till you see  the light. Shit, they oughta be payin'  us anyway. Athletic Department gets  3 million just for goin' to a bowl  game.
68) 6) dialog: Forget it, nigger. No chance for you  there.
68) 8) dialog: Griffin's goin' to medical school.  She likes that light-skinned  respectable shit. You're just her  ghetto toy.
94) 0) text: Michigan comes to the line of scrimmage. As Tim Waymen ge under center, Alvin begins to yell at him.
94) 1) dialog: Hey, powderpuff. You're the white  boy that ratted my brother out. Sent  him to jail, cocksucker. Ran off  with the fuckin' money. Left the  blood to do the time, huh?
94) 3) dialog: Yeh, you're the little bastard.  Account of you, my bros' datin' his  cell mate. You hear me, powderpuff?  Gonna make you pay. You gonna be my  cellmate now. You gonna have 250  lbs. of pissed-off nigger up your  ass.
94) 5) text: The ball is snapped. Waymen fakes a handoff to his fullba hides the ball on his hip, fades to pass. On the sideline Coach Winters yells, "Pass! Pass!" Alvin's not fooled by the run, he shakes his blocker and  takes dead aim on Waymen. Just as Waymen releases the bal Alvin blasts him, driving him into the turf.
94) 15) text: Alvin, meanwhile, plops down on the bench in disgust.
94) 16) dialog: Damn tough to scare that little white  boy. Either his momma dropped him on  his head, or the motherfucker is  deaf.
99) 2) dialog: Not yet. Probably out with Camille.  Haven't seen Darnell either.
100) 8) text: He gets on the bed, kneels above her. She starts to strug He slaps her across the face, rips her blouse open. Freak she begins to scream and kick. Enraged, Lattimer slaps he around, picks her up, shakes her like a rag doll, slaps h some more, throws her to the floor. Picks her up again, w suddenly the door BURSTS OPEN and Bud Lite and Alvin race in.
100) 10) text: Bud Lite and Alvin charge Lattimer, try to wrestle him do but his hormone level is so high, he fights like a bull. other players charge in and finally all four are able to  shackle Lattimer. He continues to struggle a bit, then gi up, a panting, sweating, shaking hulk.
113) 1) dialog: Four fuckin' weeks?
114) 0) text: A tired and depressed group of E.S.U. football players un after practice. Bud and Alvin sit in their pads, Lattimer standing in street clothes. Bud softly sings "Don't Cry F Me Argentina."
114) 1) dialog: Shit, the defense is gonna have to  pitch shutouts now... (to Lattimer) and you're gone for 3. What the hell  did you take that shit for?
114) 3) dialog: I bust chops too. I don't have to  get all fucked up.
114) 5) dialog: Well, you're not playin' much now  are you? Shit, whole fuckin' season  down the drain.
133) 0) text: The E.S.U. defense is on the field. Alvin moves up opposi the OFFENSIVE GUARD.
133) 1) dialog: I know you, motherfucker. You're the  prick who got my little sister  pregnant. We ain't seen you around  lately. Where you been, huh? Answer  me, motherfucker, or I'm gonna peel  your cap.
133) 4) text: Alvin pursues the play as the ballcarrier heads for the  corner, then suddenly cuts back. Alvin has overrun the pl slightly. We go to SLOW MOTION as he turns and is hit wit wicked CRACK-BACK BLOCK by the guard he taunted. Alvin's flexes at a horrifying angle. We HEAR THE SNAP of bone an tendon, as Alvin plummets to the ground, writhing in pain grabbing his left leg.
135) 0) text: Alvin is being strapped on the stretcher.
135) 1) dialog: (wailing in pain) Oh, shit, oh shit, I'll kill that  motherfucker. I'll... Oh shit...
136) 0) text: An ambulance carrying Alvin emerges from the stadium. We  hear CHEERING inside, the SIREN outside.
139) 0) text: Alvin lies on a bed, his leg bandaged and elevated. He's  still a little groggy from anesthetic. Coach Winters stan beside him.
139) 2) dialog: Yeh, I feel o.k.
139) 4) dialog: They called.
139) 6) dialog: Yeh.
139) 8) dialog: I'm never gonna play again, am I?
139) 10) text: Alvin nods. Winters comes forward, hugs him around the he gives him a smile, walks out. Tears brim in Winters eyes he leaves. Alvin's head goes back against the pillow. Tea aren't brimming here. They're rolling down his cheeks.
154) 0) text: Alvin sits alone in the "living room", listening to the E game on the radio, his leg propped up on an apple crate. mother mends a pair of jeans in the b.g.
154) 2) text: Alvin's mother looks to see if there's any reaction from  Alvin. There's none.
159) 1) dialog: (softly to himself) All right, defense. Let's get evil.  Kill 'em all, let the paramedics  sort 'em out.
162) 0) text: Alvin listens to the celebration a few beats, then switch off the radio, knowing this is an experience he'll never a part of again. We leave him staring off into an uncerta future.