20) 0) text: Joe and Darnell pass a table of three girls, conspicuous  among them is Louanne Winters. Joe and Darnell give her a nod and proceed on to a table where three fellow players  wait: Bud Lite, BOBBY COLLINS, good-looking, silver-tongu ladies man and 2nd string quarterback, and STEVE LATTIMER heavily muscled, surf-punk defensive end. Between them is large pitcher of beer.
20) 1) dialog: Uh, oh, the Lead Dog is back. There  goes my cover of the media guide.
20) 4) dialog: I was hopin' you'de have rolled your  bike or somethin'. Nothin' serious,  just enough to keep you out for the  season.
20) 9) text: Bud takes a good-natured swipe at him. Lattimer deflects Joe notices Bobby looking over at Louanne. She gives Bobb surreptitious little wave to come over and sit with her. gives her the "just a minute" sign.
20) 11) dialog: Yeh. Now and then, when the tide  rises. Don't want her to think this  is some kind've exclusive deal.
20) 13) dialog: I'll bail before that. Besides, this  is what he gets for not startin' me.
20) 14) text: Bobby laughs and heads over to Louanne's table, as Joe po himself another beer. Alvin enters the bar, goes to Joe's table, plops a copy o Sports Illustrated down in front of Joe.
21) 17) dialog: They're makin' us look like pussies,  ya know. Standin' here suckin' our  thumbs.
21) 19) text: Bobby and Lattimer look at each other a beat. Time to ant up. Both turn to Alvin.
21) 21) text: Alvin snorts in disgust and starts out onto the blacktop. Bobby and Lattimer smile, go to follow. Louanne grabs Bob holds him back.
21) 23) text: Bobby smiles, grabs her ass, pulls her to him, gives her long, passionate kiss, then sprints out to the white line leaving her breathless. Alvin, Bobby and Lattimer lie down in front of Bud. Now  there's a line of five, a human highway median. Everybody scared shitless, howling their lungs out. Louanne and Darnell watch from the side of the road.
32) 0) text: Joe, Bud Lite and Bobby Collins, all suffering from vario aches and pains are getting Naperson and analgesic balm o of the non-prescription drug cabinet. Joe pops a Nap and  looks across to the weight room where a stunning co-ed CA SCHAEFFER works a knee lift. Camille's the perfect marria of Southern patrician beauty and athletic confirmation. J leaves the others, heads over, pokes his head in.
32) 34) text: Camille walks off, disappearing through the gate. Joe wal off in the other direction. Bud Lite and Bobby follow.
32) 35) dialog: Real good date, Joe. Remind me to  take her out.
68) 2) text: Bobby, who's overheard this, walks by with Louanne.
68) 3) dialog: You don't make out anywhere. Or did  you finally break the snatch barrier  this summer?
79) 0) text: The players are dressing for Monday practice, but it's  strangely subdued. Bobby Collins opens his locker to find BULLET-RIDDLED PRACTICE JERSEY hanging inside. Immediatel the rest of the players burst into raucous laughter.
79) 2) text: Suddenly the room goes silent. Standing in the doorway is Coach Winters. He says nothing, looks around the room, the players avoid his gaze. His eyes come to rest on Bobby. Bobby tries to  hide the shirt, but Winters has seen. Winters just stares Bobby a beat, then.
79) 4) text: With that, he turns and walks out the door. The players r silent. Bobby throws the shirt in the trash.
81) 0) text: A very nervous Bobby Collins comes down the hall and knoc on Coach Winter's door.
82) 0) text: Bobby enters and stands across from Winters' desk. Winter doesn't invite him to sit.
82) 1) dialog: Listen, Coach, I just want you to  know I'm really sorry about this  whole thing with Louanne. I was real  glad to hear she's gonna be goin' to  junior college here...
82) 3) text: Bobby does. Instantly.
82) 5) text: Bobby just stands there a beat, in confusion and disbelie There is no wavering, no sympathy in Winters' eyes. Final dazed and disoriented, Bobby turns and walks out.
116) 0) text: The seven members of the BOARD OF REGENTS sit on one side a long rectangular table, the Chairman in the middle. On other side are coach Winters, Bobby Collins, the Presiden of the Faculty Senate, EDWARD LEARNIHAN, Academic Advisor ARTHUR SHANE, President of the Student Body, RICHARD FOWL and Galen Howard. Fowler is addressing the board.
116) 23) text: Bobby Collins breaks into a wide, triumphant smile.
118) 0) text: Bobby Collins walks in prior to practice. His teammates g round, slap him on the back, high five etc. Winters watch from his office, disgusted.
123) 0) text: Bud Lite is watching television. Louanne enters on her wa to Bobby Collins' room, carrying an armload of neatly-pre laundry. But Lite gets up to bar her way.
123) 5) text: Bud just nods blankly. Louanne starts to head for Bobby's room.
123) 8) text: Bud doesn't have the heart to tell her. She finally reali Bobby's with another girl.
153) 2) text: ANGLE ON BOBBY COLLINS in the huddle.
153) 4) text: They break and the E.S.U. offense comes to the line. Coll calls signals. We go to SLOW MOTION as he fades to pass.  Darnell fakes a block, then rolls out for a screen pass.  Georgia Tech's defensive line comes hard. Bobby flips the ball over the charging defenders. Darnell catches it, get good block from Bud Lite, then tucks in behind Ray who is out ahead blocking. There's only one linebacker to beat and Darnell will be i the secondary. Figuring Ray will block the guy, Darnell b to look for the safeties. Ray, however, barely brushes th linebacker, who doesn't even break stride. He lowers his  head, and drives into Darnell, his helmet hitting the  football. Fumble! There's a scramble. The Yellow Jackets  free safety comes up with it.
155) 0) text: Bobby Collins fades back to pass, is rushed, throws a qui sideline, but it's a little short. The Yellow Jackets'  CORNERBACK sprints up, intercepts it and runs 30 yards do the sideline for a touchdown.
164) 14) text: Bud smiles. Bobby quickly looks around for someone else t hit on, hails a cheerleader. Bud and Louanne walk off  together. Louanne stops when she sees her father, fearful his reaction.