5) 0) text: Winters, Humes, Clayton and Joe Kane sit across from DARN JEFFERSON and REVEREND WALLACE in a tattered parlor room. Other boys of various ages and color look in from the  adjoining door. Darnell is black, good-looking, street-hi the letters D.J. shaved in block letters into his fade.
12) 0) text: Darnell talks on a pay phone in the hall.
12) 1) dialog: You're from E.S.U?
13) 0) text: We see who Darnell is talking to: AUTUMN HALEY, beautiful black girl, stylish, long straight hair, definitely not  street.
14) 0) text: Joe leads Darnell down to the end of the tunnel, where Au is waiting. He introduces them. She's even more attractiv than Darnell thought she'd be. She takes Darnell's hand and leads him out onto the field where he's greeted by the E.S.U. BAND playing the school  fight song. The CHEERLEADERS whip into action, legs kicki pom-poms whirling. The band parts and Darnell walks out into the 90,000 seat stadium, an awesome sight for any young man. Autumn point to the giant DIAMOND VISION SCOREBOARD. Darnell's name an picture appear. The stadium P.A. ANNOUNCER cuts in.
14) 2) dialog: You got that right.
14) 3) text: Darnell, in his excitement, does a little end-zone dance. Slaps hands with Joe.
15) 1) dialog: Thanks for showin' me around, Autumn.  I don't meet too many females like  you. You got a lotta class. Real  efficacious. Maybe I'll check you  out in the fall.
16) 0) text: Early February: It's National Decision Day and Darnell's  home is under seige. Reporters. Microphones. Television  cameras. Darnell steps out onto the porch wearing an ESU  jersey with #1 emblazoned on it.
16) 1) dialog: Now you know where I'm going and  what we're indubitably going to be.
17) 0) text: A hot, late summer day. Over the deserted Quad, we see th title: 6 MONTHS LATER. It fades and we MOVE TO REVEAL a city BUS pulling up at a curb adjacent to the Quad. Off steps Darnell, carrying on battered suitcase. Joe Kane and BUD LITE KAMINSKY, offens line tackle, are there to greet him.
17) 2) dialog: (shaking hands) Yeh, good to see you guys. What  happened to the band and the dancin'  honies?
18) 0) text: A dorm devoted exclusively to football players. Luxurious lounges, study halls, saunas, recreation and media rooms. Spacious living quarters. A world unto itself. Joe and Bud usher Darnell into his room.
18) 2) text: Darnell looks around, taking it all in. He tries to be co but this is easily the nicest room he's ever had.
18) 4) text: Joe and Bud start down the hall. Darnell turns back into room, then starts to pace off it's dimensions, heel to to
19) 0) text: College hang-out, bar, catering to athletes and their  admirers. A black HARLEY DAVIDSON, driven by Joe Kane wit Darnell on the back, pulls up at the curb. They get off,  head inside.
20) 0) text: Joe and Darnell pass a table of three girls, conspicuous  among them is Louanne Winters. Joe and Darnell give her a nod and proceed on to a table where three fellow players  wait: Bud Lite, BOBBY COLLINS, good-looking, silver-tongu ladies man and 2nd string quarterback, and STEVE LATTIMER heavily muscled, surf-punk defensive end. Between them is large pitcher of beer.
20) 3) dialog: How ya' doin'?
20) 25) dialog: Are you serious?
21) 0) text: The crowd from the 911 (Bud, Alvin, Lattimer, Darnell, Bo and Louanne) follow Joe down the hill behind the bar towa a busy two-lane highway. Joe, a little drunker than the  others, starts HOWLING at the moon like a Timber Wolf. Th others join in.
21) 23) text: Bobby smiles, grabs her ass, pulls her to him, gives her long, passionate kiss, then sprints out to the white line leaving her breathless. Alvin, Bobby and Lattimer lie down in front of Bud. Now  there's a line of five, a human highway median. Everybody scared shitless, howling their lungs out. Louanne and Darnell watch from the side of the road.
21) 24) dialog: This guy do this kinda shit a lot?  They never mentioned this in  recruiting.
22) 0) text: Twenty freshman football players, including Darnell, are  scattered at tables around the room, writing furiously in test booklets, as a PROCTOR paces the room. Darnell start to write an answer, stops, stumped. Worried, he looks at clock, goes on to the next page.
23) 0) text: Darnell and Joe walk across campus. Darnell carries a  gleaming, chromed TROPHY with a football player on top. H still thinking about the test.
23) 1) dialog: I don't know... I left a lot of 'em  blank.
23) 3) dialog: (not convinced) Yeh.
23) 5) dialog: Coach Winters asked me to bring it  to the meeting. I don't know what  for.
23) 6) text: Suddenly Darnell sees Autumn walking across the Quad.
23) 7) dialog: I'll see ya at the meeting. (handing him the trophy) Take this for me, will ya?
23) 8) text: Joe starts to protest, but Darnell is already off, racing across the Quad, quickly catching up with Autumn.
23) 9) dialog: Hey, Autumn, hold up! What're you  doing here? I thought students didn't  come back for two weeks.
23) 13) dialog: How about tomorrow night?
23) 15) dialog: What's the matter? I'm not good enough  for you all of a sudden? Too young,  is that it? I'm not, ya know. They  held me back a year.
23) 17) dialog: Did you have this boyfriend when you  showed me around?
23) 19) dialog: Yeah, well, it didn't seem to bother  you then. I'm willing to overlook it  now.
23) 21) dialog: For what?
23) 23) dialog: And you're still with this nigger?
23) 27) dialog: Wait a minute. I can at least walk  with you, can't I? Nothin' wrong  with that.
23) 30) dialog: I can keep up. I run the forty in  four-four.
23) 33) text: This is exactly what Autumn didn't want to happen. Ray an Darnell eye each other like a couple of roosters.
23) 35) dialog: (cutting in, offering  his hand) Darnell Jefferson. (pointedly) Tailback.
23) 37) dialog: I know. That's why they recruited  me.
23) 40) dialog: We'll see. (departing, to Ray) Give my best to Miss Lilly.
25) 0) text: The football meeting room. A quarter amphitheatre. The  Freshman, including Darnell, down in front. Nervous, talk very little, eyes playing over the pictures of former E.S greats arranged on the Wall of Honor. Behind them, the Upperclassmen, bantering, conversation  punctuated with laughter. A door opens. The Assistant Coaches file in. The room hus immediately. Coach Winters walks in. The Upperclassmen br into applause; the Freshmen quickly take their cue and jo in.
25) 2) text: The upperclassmen hoot, as Darnell, embarrassed, takes of his earring.
25) 12) text: He smashes the trophy on the podium, breaking it in half, shattering the base. Darnell and the other freshmen are a The upperclassmen stifle laughs, particularly Ray Griffen
27) 0) text: Scrimmage. Joe hands off to Darnell. He sweeps right, cut it up, blows past the end. In a spectacular display of br field running, Darnell breaks to the sideline, cuts back, eluding the corner back, and stiffarms the safety. Alvin, pursuing the play, finally tackles him from behind, strip the ball at the same time. There's a wild scramble for th fumble. Darnell is crushed under the pile, as the defense recovers it, ruining an otherwise brilliant run. The players unpile to reveal Darnell, writhing on the gro the wind knocked out of him. Ray Griffen runs by to take place.
27) 3) text: The scrimmage moves up 15 yards leaving Darnell behind.  Winters sprints over to Lattimer, grabs him by the face m
27) 5) text: Lattimer nods chastised. Winters moves over to check on  Darnell.
27) 7) dialog: (gasping) What do you mean?
27) 9) dialog: I think I'm just hurt.
27) 11) text: Winters extends a hand. Darnell grabs it, struggles shaki to his feet
27) 13) text: Winters wheels off leaving a wobbly Darnell alone with hi football.
30) 0) text: Darnell walks in, wrung out from the day's practice, stum to the bed where he sees something that stops him - lying there is his PENNSYLVANIA STATE ALL AMERICAN TROPHY. Coac Winters actually smashed a replica. A smile appears on  Darnell's tired face.
31) 5) dialog: at another table with Alvin and several other black playe Lattimer is the only white.
31) 6) dialog: When do they give ya the scores on  that Placement Test?
31) 11) dialog: I still don't wanna flunk that test.  I wanta get a degree.
31) 13) text: Darnell's stung by this. He'd like to think of himself as capable of more. Suddenly, Coach Winters appears at the door, a surprise  visitor to the training table. All the players wearing  baseball caps, quickly doff them. Winters is angry.
31) 15) text: The players all look at each other, then reluctantly get and change tables. Darnell sits next to Joe.
31) 16) dialog: (mock introduction) Hi there. Darnell Jefferson. I'm a  young black man.
31) 18) dialog: I love that motherfucker.
34) 0) text: Darnell sits across from WILLIAM SMITH, Academic Advisor.
34) 2) dialog: What does that mean? I can't play  football?
34) 4) text: Darnell is clearly deflated by this painful indication of his academic standing.
34) 6) dialog: A tutor? I don't need no tutor.
38) 0) text: Autumn sits at a tutorial table, looking at her notes. Sh becomes aware of someone approaching. She looks up to see Darnell.
38) 1) dialog: Hey, Autumn.
38) 3) dialog: My advisor says I need a tutor. Ya  know, just to get me over a couple  rough spots. (showing her a paper) I saw your name on this list. I  figured if you couldn't keep my  attention, nobody could.
38) 5) dialog: Not anymore. I asked Coach Winters  to switch us.
38) 7) dialog: Yeh he would. I'm a bigger prospect  than Sherman. (pointing across the  way) He's a lineman on the scout team.
38) 8) text: Autumn looks back to where Darnell is pointing. Sure enou SCOTT SHERMAN is hard at work with another Tutor. Autumn  can't believe it. She tries to compose herself. Darnell sits down across the table from her.
38) 9) dialog: C'mon Autumn, you could teach me  some real erudition.
38) 11) dialog: (serious about this) What doya mean? I'm improvin' myself.  I learn a new word out of the  dictionary every day. Mendacious,  pejorative, antithetical,  commensurate...
38) 13) text: Darnell is genuinely hurt by this dose of reality. His  customary bravado melts away.
38) 14) dialog: O.K... even more reason for you to  be my tutor. You already taught me  something.
43) 0) text: Autumn is tutoring Darnell, checking her lesson notes.
43) 2) dialog: Like what?
43) 4) dialog: Don't know that much about him. He  was off in Detroit workin' in a car  plant when I was born. Got laid off,  tried to rob a jewelry store to get  us some money. He died in prison.  Some kinda heart problem.
43) 7) dialog: She was always workin'. Usually two  jobs. Comin' home one night she  stopped to get us some root beer.  Got caught in a gang crossfire. Shot  three times... died on the way to  the hospital. You want me to write  about that?
43) 9) dialog: Good, 'cause none of it's true.
43) 13) dialog: Had ya goin', didn't I?
43) 15) dialog: (contrite now) Sounded more interesting than the  truth. My mom took a vacation to  Chicago when I was 12. Never came  back. Don't know who my dad was.
43) 18) dialog: I started hangin' with the J.B.M.,  gang-bangin'... Did some time in the  Hall. Reverand Wallace saw me playin'  football on a juvenile probation  team. Took me in, got me into high  school. Only reason they accepted me  was 'cause I could play football.  Sorta like here. Football saved my  life. I'd be nowhere without football.
43) 21) dialog: Yeh, o.k... thanks. (pause) I've seen a lotta shitty things in  my life, Autumn. That's why I know  when I see somethin' good.
45) 0) text: Joe watches Bud Lite, Darnell, Alvin and Lattimer file in and unveil a life-size CARDBOARD STAND-UP of Joe's Sports Illustrated cover pose. They whoop it up, as Joe tries to muster some enthusiasm.
46) 0) text: Autumn's pointing out a figure on a graph in Darnell's ma book. As she explains, Darnell leans close to kiss her. A quickly leans away, glances around to see if anyone saw  Darnell's attempt. Darnell laughs.
47) 0) text: A group of football players sits in the back of the class As the HISTORY PROFESSOR lectures at the board, Darnell  furiously takes notes. Scott Sherman, seizing the opportu leans forward from the desk behind him and pokes the foot out of Darnell's left hand. Darnell, Scott and two other  FRESHMAN FOOTBALL PLAYERS spring out of their seats,  scrambling after the loose ball. The prof and the other  students watch appalled as Darnell and the others dive un chairs and overturn desks in pursuit of the elusive ball. Finally, Darnell, winded and disheveled, comes up with it He and the others quickly return to their seats. The prof looks at Darnell aghast.
47) 1) dialog: Sorry... I lost my football.
49) 0) text: Darnell and Autumn are having a daytime tutoring session a secluded patch of lawn. Darnell holds his football. As begins to read aloud from East of Eden, Autumn pokes the  ball out of his hand. They both scramble for it, Darnell  winding up slightly on top of her. They eye each other a  beat. Darnell bends down to kiss her. She lets herself ki him for a second, then gets up and starts to collect her  books.
50) 0) text: Several of the players are gathered around a bulletin boa in the hall. The starting lineup for the first game has b posted. Darnell traces his finger from the designation  TAILBACK over to the name RAY GRIFFEN. He drops his eyes, obviously disappointed. Lattimer, meanwhile, is checking the defensive board. He  finds his name posted as a starting defensive end. Punchi the air, he dashes out of the building.
55) 1) dialog: The thing I'm most proud of myself  for?
56) 0) text: Darnell listening to a Walkman, is going through a pregam ritual by his locker; pivoting from leg to leg, switching the ball from arm to arm.
56) 1) dialog: Just that I'm here. That I'm not  dead or in jail.
60) 0) text: Alvin, his ass-kicking game face on, walks over to where  Lattimer is finishing decorating his face with Indian war paint. They chuck each other's pads, then Lattimer opens mouth. Alvin spits into it. Then Lattimer spits into Alvi Darnell can't believe this shit.
63) 9) text: On the sidelines, Darnell is watching this exchange.
63) 10) dialog: (to Joe) What's Alvin saying to that guy?
63) 12) dialog: He wasn't pumped up already?
63) 18) text: Joe leads the offense on. A disappointed Darnell stands o the sidelines.
63) 31) text: Darnell jazzed at his first chance to see action, buttons his chinstrap, races onto the field.
63) 33) dialog: He takes a handoff, runs a trap up the middle, is hit by  THREE TACKLERS, clawing at the ball. They bring him down, but Darnell doesn't fumble. He gets up, still clutching t ball, and starts back to the huddle with it. The REFEREE  hustles after him.
63) 35) text: Darnell, suddenly realizing, gives it up. Even Winters ha to laugh. We go to:
64) 0) text: A reception of some sort for the players is in progress.  Darnell, looking a little lost, fills his cup from a punc bowl. A FAT CAT ALUMNUS approaches him.
64) 2) text: As he walks by, he slips an ENVELOPE into Darnell's coat  pocket. Darnell opens it to find a 50 dollar bill. Surpri he goes over to Alvin.
64) 3) dialog: Hey, some guy just gave me a 50 dollar  bill.
64) 5) dialog: But we're not supposed to get any  are we?
68) 5) dialog: sitting across the room with Alvin but his attention is o Autumn and Ray out on the dance floor. Alvin notices.
68) 7) dialog: Why not?
68) 9) text: Darnell challenged by this, gets up and goes over to wher Ray and Autumn are standing. A slow tune plays.
68) 10) dialog: (to Autumn) Can I have this one?
68) 12) dialog: What are you so worried about? You  haven't lost your starting job yet.
68) 15) text: Ray reluctantly backs off. Darnell and Autumn start to da Several players who've picked up on the tension, watch th as they move around the floor. They try to pretend they'r just having a nice little chat.
68) 17) dialog: Yeh, well, I got a little  encouragement along the way.
68) 19) dialog: Bullshit. You meant it. I wouldn't  be standing here now, everybody  thinkin' I'm a stupid asshole, if I  didn't know you meant it. I wanna  see you, Autumn. Not in study hall.  Not like your student. Like somebody  to be taken seriously.
68) 21) dialog: I don't need to go paradin'. We'll  go someplace different. Someplace  nobody'll see us.
68) 26) text: Darnell, pissed, gives Ray a shove.
68) 27) dialog: Yeh, you only gained 37 yards on 12  carries.
68) 28) text: Ray lunges back at him, but quickly several players, led Joe and Bud Lite, step between them. Darnell shrugs them and leaves the party.
69) 0) text: Darnell sits alone on a bench under an old Willow, just  staring out at the night. He hears a voice behind him.
72) 0) text: Near closing time. Darnell and Autumn lurch and stumble a the ice, collapsing against the boards now and then. Ther are few other skaters at this hour.
72) 1) dialog: Yes, I figure the key is to go places  only white people go. Next time we'll  go bowling.
72) 3) dialog: Plus I saw this in Rocky. I never  believed a guy who was supposed to  be an athlete would skate that bad,  but now I know.
72) 6) dialog: You were pretty good for the first  time.
72) 8) dialog: He used to play ball for E.S.U.,  didn't he?
72) 10) dialog: I saw his picture on the Wall of  Fame. You got his eyes. Luckily, you  didn't get his thighs.
72) 12) dialog: Make sure you mean it this time.
78) 0) text: Darnell sits at his table waiting for Autumn. Autumn stor in, obviously upset about something. She slaps a correcte test down in front of him.
78) 2) dialog: Yeh, I kinda figured that. I had  some trouble on this last part...
78) 4) dialog: I've been listening to you, baby...
78) 6) dialog: C'mon, Autumn, we just had a good  time, and now you're gettin' all  nuts behind this. It's just one test.
78) 8) dialog: Whatever you say, Teach. (big grin) I don't wish to be cast in a  pejorative light, so I'm dedicating  myself to achieving on a level more  commensurate with my abilities.
78) 9) text: She shakes her head and walks away. Darnell's grin fades. looks at his test, a hint of tears in his eyes. He's  embarrassed and deeply worried.
94) 17) text: Coach Winters goes to Darnell.
95) 2) text: Joe fades to pass once again, lets the rush come, then fl out a screen pass to Darnell. Darnell grabs it and takes  off, slipping tackles, cutting back, juking. Darnell fina runs out of bounds at the twenty.
95) 4) dialog: coming back to the huddle, pumped up. Joe kneels in the  center.
95) 8) text: They clap hands, come to the line. Joe looks over the def bends under center and barks signals, The ball is snapped Action goes to SLOW MOTION. Joe fakes to Darnell, fades to pass. The Michigan cornerb comes on a blitz, locked on Joe. Joe starts to roll, but  knows the corner will catch him. On the run, he launches ball toward Darnell. Darnell opens his hands to receive i but at the last second, the Michigan SAFETY steps in fron and intercepts it.
98) 0) text: Darnell comes out of the locker room, having showered and dressed. He's surprised to see Autumn and her father talk to Coach Humes.
98) 1) dialog: Hey, Autumn.
98) 3) dialog: Is this your dad?
98) 5) dialog: How do you do, Mr. Haley. I'm Darnell  Jefferson.
98) 7) dialog: Thank you. We'll get 'em next year.
98) 9) text: Darnell is jolted by this question. It's obvious that Aut has never told her dad about him.
98) 12) text: Darnell would like to crawl under a rock.
98) 13) dialog: Math and English.
98) 15) text: There's a slight tone of condescension in Mr. Haley's voi He realizes Darnell hasn't passed his entrance exam. This not lost on Darnell.
98) 17) dialog: Yeh, I know...
98) 19) dialog: (forcing enthusiasm) Good idea. Well, I gotta get goin'.  Nice to meet you Mr. Haley.
98) 21) dialog: See you around, Autumn.
98) 25) text: Darnell embarrassed and humiliated, hears all this as he  walks away. Autumn wants to go explain, but can't in fron of her father.
106) 0) text: Not the 911 we saw earlier. Joe sits at a table in the ba with Darnell, drinking tequila with a beer chaser. Both a down in the dumps. At a nearby table there's a group of  TOWNIES and their GIRLFRIENDS.
106) 2) dialog: First time I ever lost a girl and a  game on the same day. Guess I never  really had the girl.
106) 18) dialog: (grabbing him) C'mon we gotta get outa here.
108) 0) text: Joe's driving, Darnell's holding on. Suddenly we hear SIR Joe sees flashing lights in the rear-view mirror.
111) 0) text: Darnell's walking across campus toward class. Autumn sees him, calls out to him.
111) 2) text: Darnell doesn't slow up. Autumn has to run to catch up.
111) 4) dialog: Been busy.
111) 6) dialog: It wasn't awkward. It was educational.  I realized how you see me. I'm good  enough to tutor, to go places with,  but not to tell your father about.
111) 8) dialog: (stopping) Why not?
111) 10) dialog: He's a good student, he acts right...  he doesn't need football. He's class  and I'm not, right?
111) 12) dialog: You don't have to, Autumn. I'm  everything your dad used to be and  don't want you fallin' back into.
111) 14) dialog: You were right before, Autumn. I  should have another tutor. Thanks  for everything you did for me.
111) 15) text: Darnell walks away. Autumn can only watch him go.
127) 0) text: 2) Darnell in study hall, with his new tutor concentratin on her explanation, applying himself.
128) 0) text: 4) Darnell sits in a cafe, drinking coffee and studying. comes in, his arm around a co-ed, MONICA. They buy a past and leave, not having seen Darnell. Darnell ponders this second, goes back to studying.
130) 0) text: 8) Darnell, alone in the library, late at night, studying
143) 0) text: The coach is facing Ray and Darnell across his desk.
143) 2) text: Ray is stunned, Darnell elated, but neither says a word.
147) 0) text: Darnell is up late again, studying at one of the tables. hears footsteps, becomes aware of the presence of another person. He looks up to see Autumn.
147) 1) dialog: Hey, Autumn. How's Ray?
147) 3) dialog: Monica Lambert.
147) 5) dialog: Didn't wanta win you over that way.
147) 6) text: Silence. Darnell looks back at his books.
147) 8) dialog: The test? I hope so. I been workin'  pretty hard.
147) 10) dialog: Oh, yeah? How's he doin?
147) 12) dialog: What did you say?
147) 14) text: Darnell gets up and pulls her to her feet. He hugs her.
148) 0) text: Darnell is bent over his test booklet. He writes furiousl stops to think, starts writing again.
153) 4) text: They break and the E.S.U. offense comes to the line. Coll calls signals. We go to SLOW MOTION as he fades to pass.  Darnell fakes a block, then rolls out for a screen pass.  Georgia Tech's defensive line comes hard. Bobby flips the ball over the charging defenders. Darnell catches it, get good block from Bud Lite, then tucks in behind Ray who is out ahead blocking. There's only one linebacker to beat and Darnell will be i the secondary. Figuring Ray will block the guy, Darnell b to look for the safeties. Ray, however, barely brushes th linebacker, who doesn't even break stride. He lowers his  head, and drives into Darnell, his helmet hitting the  football. Fumble! There's a scramble. The Yellow Jackets  free safety comes up with it.
156) 2) text: Darnell marches over to Ray's locker.
156) 3) dialog: You missed that block on purpose,  didn't you, asshole.
156) 5) dialog: It's Autumn isn't it? That's what  this is all about.
156) 7) text: Infuriated, Darnell goes for Ray, and they start swinging Darnell tackles Ray, they roll on the floor, still swingi trying to beat the shit out of each other. Finally, sever players manage to pull them apart. Coach Winters charges  over.
156) 9) dialog: Yes, sir.
158) 11) text: Joe brings the offense to the line of scrimmage, yells "G The ball is snapped, Joe drops back, hits Darnell on the  sideline. First down. In quick succession, we see Joe: 1) Complete a 15 yarder to Ray over the middle. 2) Fades to pass, is rushed. Forced out of the pocket,  scrambles for his life, manages to get down to the 4 yard line. He gets up, surveys the distance to pay dirt.
158) 19) text: The team breaks out, comes to the line. Joe looks over th defense, screams signals as the CROWD NOISE is building. We go to SLOW MOTION as the ball is snapped. Ray takes on step forward then turns right, leading the play. Joe pitc to Darnell who follows Ray. Georgia Tech's outside lineba comes up to stop the play. Ray stumbles before he can mak the block. He drops out of our picture.
158) 20) dialog: Shit!
158) 21) text: Darnell is forced to go wider toward the sideline. The  linebacker and cornerback are closing, both have the angl on him. Darnell starts to cut back. He lowers his shoulde to take the linebacker's blow. Suddenly, out of nowhere, reappears and throws a devastating block on the linebacke knocking him back into the cornerback, taking them both o Darnell cuts it up and blasts over the safety at the goal line. Touchdown, E.S.U. The stands erupt. It's the first thing they've had to che about all day. Winters just looks at the clock, goes over talk to his defense. Darnell foregoes his touchdown dance. He runs over to Ray grabs him by the helmet.
158) 22) dialog: Monster block, man. Monster  motherfuckin' block.
161) 12) text: Joe starts to call signals as Bud Lite sings "Bali Hi." W go to SLOW MOTION as the ball is snapped. The Georgia Tech defense fires off the line, throwing  everything at Joe. Joe drops back five steps. Bud Lite pi up a blitzing linebacker, knocks him over a fallen player Joe looks for Darnell in the corner, but another pass rus breaks through, forcing Joe out of the pocket. It's warti as tackles and blockers collide, hand-fight, go down, scr up, collide again, all in pursuit of Joe. Darnell, realizing Joe's in trouble, breaks off his patte and heads to the center of the end zone. Joe dodges one  tackler, shakes free of another's ankle tackle, heads bac for the center of the field. He spots Darnell breaking be defensive backs. Just as he's buried by two massive linem Joe fires a rocket down the middle toward the sliver of o space that Darnell is heading for. The ball barely clears the hands of a lunging linebacker. Darnell and two defensive backs, one from each side, clos on the ball as it cuts through the air, a perfect spiral. Darnell dives. The two defensive backs dive. The ball pas between their outstretched hands by a fraction of an inch landing in Darnell's. He clutches it to his chest, rolls  over, holds the ball up for the ref to see. Touchdown! Th time Darnell does go into his touchdown dance.
163) 0) text: The Chancellor and his guests are celebrating the victory congratulating each other. Conspicuous among them are the Fat Cat Alumnus who gave Darnell the money, and the Chair of the Board of Regents.
164) 0) text: As Darnell comes off the field, Autumn runs out and hugs  him, leads him to her dad.
164) 3) dialog: Thank you, sir. I got somethin' for  you.
164) 4) text: Darnell reaches into his helmet and takes out a sweat-sta piece of paper.
164) 5) dialog: My entrance exam. Got a 92. Coach  Winters said you got an 87. He looked  it up.