1) 2) text: Elsewhere in the locker room, we pick up a weary, mud- splattered Joe Kane taking off his pads in front of his  locker. ALVIN MACK, black linebacker, comes by. Alvin exu danger; big, fast and hostile on the field, slightly surl a sense of repressed anger off it.
1) 4) dialog: So was half their team. (trailing off) Shit, another Christmas at home.
5) 0) text: Winters, Humes, Clayton and Joe Kane sit across from DARN JEFFERSON and REVEREND WALLACE in a tattered parlor room. Other boys of various ages and color look in from the  adjoining door. Darnell is black, good-looking, street-hi the letters D.J. shaved in block letters into his fade.
11) 0) text: Joe sits on the couch with his older brother, FRANK, watc the bowl game he would have been in, had E.S.U. won their last game. His FATHER, a grizzled man in his fifties, nod in and out in a tattered armchair. All three have been  drinking beer, their empties scattered around. Frank toss Joe an Iron City beer.
11) 2) dialog: You won't next year.
11) 4) text: As Joe's father heads for the kitchen, he hangs his empty beer can, by the pull tab, on a branch of the Christmas t We see that the whole tree is covered with cans.
14) 0) text: Joe leads Darnell down to the end of the tunnel, where Au is waiting. He introduces them. She's even more attractiv than Darnell thought she'd be. She takes Darnell's hand and leads him out onto the field where he's greeted by the E.S.U. BAND playing the school  fight song. The CHEERLEADERS whip into action, legs kicki pom-poms whirling. The band parts and Darnell walks out into the 90,000 seat stadium, an awesome sight for any young man. Autumn point to the giant DIAMOND VISION SCOREBOARD. Darnell's name an picture appear. The stadium P.A. ANNOUNCER cuts in.
14) 3) text: Darnell, in his excitement, does a little end-zone dance. Slaps hands with Joe.
17) 0) text: A hot, late summer day. Over the deserted Quad, we see th title: 6 MONTHS LATER. It fades and we MOVE TO REVEAL a city BUS pulling up at a curb adjacent to the Quad. Off steps Darnell, carrying on battered suitcase. Joe Kane and BUD LITE KAMINSKY, offens line tackle, are there to greet him.
17) 1) dialog: Hey, Darnell, Welcome to E.S.U.
17) 3) dialog: Regular students don't come back for  two weeks yet. Not that they woulda  been here. Now that you've enrolled,  you're just another wormshit freshman.
18) 0) text: A dorm devoted exclusively to football players. Luxurious lounges, study halls, saunas, recreation and media rooms. Spacious living quarters. A world unto itself. Joe and Bud usher Darnell into his room.
18) 1) dialog: Here's your room. If you need anything  call the hall manager.
18) 3) dialog: See ya later. Freshman Placement  test tomorrow at nine. McKinnley  Hall.
18) 4) text: Joe and Bud start down the hall. Darnell turns back into room, then starts to pace off it's dimensions, heel to to
19) 0) text: College hang-out, bar, catering to athletes and their  admirers. A black HARLEY DAVIDSON, driven by Joe Kane wit Darnell on the back, pulls up at the curb. They get off,  head inside.
20) 0) text: Joe and Darnell pass a table of three girls, conspicuous  among them is Louanne Winters. Joe and Darnell give her a nod and proceed on to a table where three fellow players  wait: Bud Lite, BOBBY COLLINS, good-looking, silver-tongu ladies man and 2nd string quarterback, and STEVE LATTIMER heavily muscled, surf-punk defensive end. Between them is large pitcher of beer.
20) 2) dialog: Hey, Bobby, Lats, how ya doin? This  is Darnell Jefferson, freshman  tailback.
20) 5) dialog: (pouring himself some  beer) No such luck, Backup Man. But I'll  try to engineer a few blowouts. Get  you get some mop-up time. (studying Lattimer) Shit, Lats, you look buffed, man.  You put on some weight?
20) 9) text: Bud takes a good-natured swipe at him. Lattimer deflects Joe notices Bobby looking over at Louanne. She gives Bobb surreptitious little wave to come over and sit with her. gives her the "just a minute" sign.
20) 12) dialog: Coach finds out you're nailin' his  daughter, you'll be playin' dorm  ball.
20) 14) text: Bobby laughs and heads over to Louanne's table, as Joe po himself another beer. Alvin enters the bar, goes to Joe's table, plops a copy o Sports Illustrated down in front of Joe.
20) 16) text: On the cover is a picture of Joe and ONE OTHER QUARTERBAC TIM WAYMEN. The coverline reads, HEISMAN HOPEFULS: THE YE OF THE QUARTERBACK.
20) 18) text: Joe stares at the cover. He's more stunned than elated.
20) 19) dialog: Jesus...
20) 21) dialog: I knew there was gonna be an article.  I didn't know it was gonna be on the  cover.
20) 23) dialog: I guess you'll have to wait till we  get to the pros.
20) 27) text: Joe drains his beer, pours another. Lattimer starts to re form the article.
20) 29) dialog: I'm gonna lead... but can you follow?
21) 0) text: The crowd from the 911 (Bud, Alvin, Lattimer, Darnell, Bo and Louanne) follow Joe down the hill behind the bar towa a busy two-lane highway. Joe, a little drunker than the  others, starts HOWLING at the moon like a Timber Wolf. Th others join in.
21) 2) dialog: (slightly slurred) There's something I wanta try. Gotta  wake up our Mojo. Start settin' the  tone for the season.
21) 4) text: Suddenly Joe makes a dash out onto the highway.
21) 7) text: Joe stands on the white line, cars and trucks whizzing by then lies down on his back, arms at his side.
21) 12) dialog: What's the matter, Bud? Can't you  follow?
21) 15) text: Bud can't fight it. He lies down on the line, his head  touching Joe's feet. Joe begins to HOWL again. Bud joins Alvin and the others can't believe it.
21) 25) text: Finally, Joe laughing wildly, jumps up and they all scram back to safety. Out of breath, but pumped up, they exchan exhilarated high fives. Alvin just shakes his head.
23) 0) text: Darnell and Joe walk across campus. Darnell carries a  gleaming, chromed TROPHY with a football player on top. H still thinking about the test.
23) 2) dialog: Don't worry, you'll do all right.  Lotta people don't finish.
23) 4) dialog: What are you doin' with the trophy?
23) 8) text: Joe starts to protest, but Darnell is already off, racing across the Quad, quickly catching up with Autumn.
26) 0) text: Passing drills. Joe Kane takes a snap, fades to pass, thr an out. The ball sails two feet over the receiver's head. Joe's angry with himself.
27) 0) text: Scrimmage. Joe hands off to Darnell. He sweeps right, cut it up, blows past the end. In a spectacular display of br field running, Darnell breaks to the sideline, cuts back, eluding the corner back, and stiffarms the safety. Alvin, pursuing the play, finally tackles him from behind, strip the ball at the same time. There's a wild scramble for th fumble. Darnell is crushed under the pile, as the defense recovers it, ruining an otherwise brilliant run. The players unpile to reveal Darnell, writhing on the gro the wind knocked out of him. Ray Griffen runs by to take place.
31) 15) text: The players all look at each other, then reluctantly get and change tables. Darnell sits next to Joe.
31) 17) dialog: Hey, glad to meet ya. Joe Kane,  Caucasian. So what doya think a that  new Garth Brooks album?
32) 0) text: Joe, Bud Lite and Bobby Collins, all suffering from vario aches and pains are getting Naperson and analgesic balm o of the non-prescription drug cabinet. Joe pops a Nap and  looks across to the weight room where a stunning co-ed CA SCHAEFFER works a knee lift. Camille's the perfect marria of Southern patrician beauty and athletic confirmation. J leaves the others, heads over, pokes his head in.
32) 1) dialog: How ya' doin'?
32) 3) dialog: Little late to be workin' out, isn't  it?
32) 5) dialog: (trying to get a rise  out of her) Well, if it wasn't for the football  team, might not be a weight room to  use. You tryin' to firm up a little,  or what?
32) 7) dialog: Had my knee scoped once too. When  you're finished here, maybe we could  get a yogurt, compare scars.
32) 9) dialog: That's real open minded of you. So  you won't consider doin' anything  with me?
32) 11) dialog: Well at least tell me what happened  to your knee. What'd you do? Fall  outa your convertible?
32) 12) text: Camille stops her knee lift, turns to Joe. We think she's going to fire on him. Wrong.
32) 14) dialog: What's that?
32) 17) dialog: Tennis. You mean now? It's raining.
32) 21) text: And she walks away along to the net. Joe goes after her,  pissed.
32) 22) dialog: What's this Heisman crap?
32) 24) dialog: I didn't say anything about being a  Heisman candidate. I don't go around  strokin' myself about it. So what's  this shit you're givin' me?
32) 26) dialog: You figured wrong.
32) 27) text: Now Joe walks away and Camille goes after him.
32) 29) dialog: I want a rematch.
32) 31) dialog: Some other sport. I took my beating.  You owe me one. Either that or we go  out.
32) 34) text: Camille walks off, disappearing through the gate. Joe wal off in the other direction. Bud Lite and Bobby follow.
35) 0) text: A meeting of the football brain trust; Coach Winters, Ath Director, GALEN HOWARD, a publicist, SHARON BRAVER, and t Sports Information Director (S.I.D.) LARRY NICHOLS. Also  present is Joe Kane, somewhat discomfited at being the ce of all this attention.
35) 3) text: Joe is increasingly uneasy with all this.
35) 4) dialog: I haven't really done any charity  work...
35) 8) text: If Joe was uneasy before, he's overwhelmed now. He tries to show it. After all, who could turn down a Heisman camp Still it's a megaton of pressure.
35) 9) dialog: Ah, no... I just... you really think  I got a shot to win this?
35) 12) text: Nichols holds up a black CAMPAIGN BUTTON with the phrase  "Kane is Able" enblazoned on it in gold letters. This get rise out of everyone except Joe, who's still not sure abo all this.
36) 0) text: Joe lies on his bed, staring up at the ceiling, unable to get to sleep.
37) 3) dialog: This is Joe Kane. What did you decide?
37) 5) dialog: I wanta know what you decided.
37) 7) dialog: Then I'll pick you up tonight at  6:00.
39) 0) text: Camille comes out the front door, summoned by the horn. S stops at the sight of something. We REVERSE TO REVEAL Joe his Harley.
39) 2) dialog: Yeh. I thought we might take a ride.
39) 4) dialog: What are you, one of these trust- fund princesses? It's fine for me to  play a game I don't know, but I ask  you to try somethin' different and  you hide behind your daddy.
39) 7) text: Joe smiles and kicks the starter. Camille climbs on and t roar off.
40) 0) text: Just outside town. Joe and Camille come down the highway moderate speed. Camille's hanging on for dear life, but w can tell she's enjoying it.
40) 1) dialog: This speed, o.k.?
40) 3) dialog: Good.
40) 4) text: Joe immediately accelerates, throwing Camille's head back Her SHRIEK is lost in the whine of the engine, as they sp away from camera.
40) 6) text: They approach a high-banked turn, beyond which appears to a long, sheer dropoff. Joe looks back at Camille, smiles  devilishly, not looking where he's going. Camille sees th heading straight for the edge.
40) 8) text: Too late. Joe brakes, fishtails, but goes over the top of the bank, off the edge, flying out into oblivion, Camille screaming.
40) 12) dialog: Take it easy. I've done that a hundred  times. No big deal.
40) 14) dialog: (embarrassed) I don't know... I guess cause I've  never done it with someone else on  the bike.
40) 16) dialog: Yeh, pretty much. And the scream was  even better than I thought it'd be.  Every dog within hearing distance  wants to mate with you now.
40) 17) text: Camille's ready to throttle him, then something catches h ear. Sure enough, there are SEVERAL DOGS BARKING in the  distance. Joe smiles at her. She looks away, still angry, but amused in spite of herself.
41) 0) text: Working class, sawdust floor, George Thoroughgood's "Who You Love" on the jukebox. Camille and Joe are sitting in booth. Joe putting away the beers.
41) 2) dialog: Now and then. Why?
41) 4) dialog: I like places where nobody knows me.  This too low-rent for you?
41) 6) dialog: Your dad? You mean he owned a chain  of these?
41) 8) dialog: So you're just a scholarship jock  like me.
41) 10) dialog: No, I've just never been out with a  jock before.
41) 12) dialog: I don't know. What doya think?
41) 13) text: Joe gets up, takes Camille's hand and pulls her to her fe They dance to a slow song.
41) 15) dialog: Just tryin' to keep my edge, Camille.  The other guys look to me cause they  think I'll do anything. I lose that,  I'm just another guy, and we all get  our ass kicked.
42) 0) text: Joe roars in on his motorcycle. Parks. Starts inside. Fin himself face to face with a very unhappy Coach Winters.  Winters holds out his hand.
42) 2) text: Joe hesitates a second, then reluctantly hands over his  motorcycle keys.
42) 4) text: Joe nods, contrite. Winters just walks on off.
45) 0) text: Joe watches Bud Lite, Darnell, Alvin and Lattimer file in and unveil a life-size CARDBOARD STAND-UP of Joe's Sports Illustrated cover pose. They whoop it up, as Joe tries to muster some enthusiasm.
48) 0) text: Joe and Camille are locked up in a furious game of raquet Joe makes a wicked kill shot on the last point, and pumps fist in triumph. Camille, pissed at losing, throws her ra and stomps around.
57) 1) dialog: The great thing about football is  you can lose yourself in it.
58) 0) text: Joe sits off in a corner by himself, his head back agains the wall, staring out into space, the only movement the  rhythmic tapping of his feet.
58) 1) dialog: There's no time to think, to worry,  to have doubts. Everything else fades  away. You just move and react.
63) 11) dialog: Just gettin' himself pumped up.
63) 18) text: Joe leads the offense on. A disappointed Darnell stands o the sidelines.
63) 19) dialog: (in huddle) O.K. let's put the women and children  to bed, and go lookin' for dinner.  Don't let em up. 51 Strike, Orange  left. On 4.
63) 20) text: Joe begins to howl like a wolf. The others join in. A pac of Timberwolves. They break the huddle, come to the line scrimmage. Bud Lite begins to sing.
63) 27) text: Joe hits the 4 count, and the ball is snapped. Bud Lite a the Big Tackle fire out. Bud drives a forearm into the st of the Black Tackle, doubling him over. The Black Tackle  comes back, slamming a forearm up under Bud's chin, snapp his neck back. Joe, meanwhile, fades to pass, pump fakes, steps up. Bud  Lite, chicken fighting the Black Tackle, sticks his finge in the Tackle's eyes, then cut-blocks him to the ground. Tackle falls on Bud, and smashes a fist into his ribs. Bu rolls him over. Joe spots his flanker back, MAURICE WARD, on a flag patte Lofts a perfect spiral to him in the corner of the endzon Touchdown. The crowd goes wild, as Bud Lite pushes off the Black Tac throat getting up from the pile. Joe pumps a fist in the  air, hugs Ward, as the team celebrates. MUSIC BEGINS.
65) 0) text: Joe sits alone on his bed watching T.V. He's being interv in the locker room, a bouquet of microphones in his face.
65) 2) text: Joe hates this question. We go to the screen.
65) 3) dialog: (uncomfortable) I really have no idea. That's up to  you guys.
66) 0) text: Joe walks across campus, headed for Camille's dorm.
67) 0) text: Joe comes down the hall, knocks on Camille's door. No ans Knocks again. Nothing. Disappointed, he turns and walks a
68) 0) text: The post-game victory party is in full swing. All the pla their girls and various groupies, dancing, drinking,  celebrating. Bud Lite and Joe stand drinking beer, watchi the action.
68) 28) text: Ray lunges back at him, but quickly several players, led Joe and Bud Lite, step between them. Darnell shrugs them and leaves the party.
68) 29) dialog: (to Bud Lite) Just what we need, a little team  unity.
70) 0) text: The party's still in full gear. Ray is now chatting up a of the groupies. Joe and Bud Lite sit off in a corner. Jo knocked back several beers. He's a little tipsy, and lost thought.
70) 1) dialog: Maybe she's out with some guy.
70) 3) dialog: It wouldn't be screwing around. It's  not like we're going together.
70) 4) text: Joe's gaze falls on a sultry brunette, SHERI, at a table  across the way. She's eyeing Joe big time. She wants him. stares back at her. She doesn't blink.
71) 0) text: Camille, carrying an armload of books, comes down the lib steps, having been studying late. As she heads for her do she sees Joe and Sheri going across the Quad; Sheri drape around Joe, nuzzling him. Joe looks over, spots Camille, stops; surprised, embarras to see her. They exchange a look. Camille, upset, turns a wheels off. Joe wants to say something to her, but can't it out.
73) 0) text: Camille, unable to sleep, enters in her workout clothes.  Languid, melancholy, she goes to the treadmill, as Joe co out of the steam room with nothing but a towel around his waist. Both are surprised to see the other.
73) 1) dialog: What are you doin' here?
73) 3) dialog: I was just sweatin' out some of the  beer.
73) 5) dialog: I didn't go home with her. I thought  about it... but I didn't.
73) 7) dialog: Yeh.
73) 10) dialog: Why didn't I what?
73) 12) dialog: I don't know... I guess I figured  maybe there was somethin' goin' on  between you and me.
73) 15) dialog: I was drunk... I needed some company.
73) 17) dialog: I mean, ya know, physical company...  I was... I just needed to pounce on  somebody I guess.
73) 18) text: Camille, really steamed now, snatches the towel from arou Joe's waist, leaving him naked.
73) 20) text: Camille snaps the towel at him, driving him back. Joe's  totally thrown by this reaction in her.
73) 21) dialog: Well, you're more conservative...  classier... you're not that kinda  girl...
73) 26) dialog: I didn't know I had you.
74) 0) text: Joe and Camille are making love passionately, energetical Camille, still worked up, rolls up on top.
74) 2) dialog: (rolling back on top) I go there. I got a 3.2 in Political  Science. I just don't go there on  Saturday nights.
74) 4) dialog: Shut up, Camille.
74) 5) text: Joe rolls back on top, the momentum carrying both of them off the table and out of sight.
83) 0) text: Joe is posed in front of the school library, one of it's  more photogenic buildings. T.V. sportscaster LYNN SWANN a his video crew wait to interview him as a MAKEUP GIRL fin applying makeup to Joe's face. Publicist Sharon Braver wa like a hawk.
83) 2) text: An assistant marks the take, and Swann turns to Joe.
84) 0) text: A phalanx of photographers crowd around, snapping away as Joe goes through passing drills.
85) 1) dialog: Well, ya know, you try to block it  out, but it's basically impossible...  Everybody seems to be talkin' about  it, all the newspapers, the  interviews...
86) 0) text: Joe is being interviewed by DALLAS PERRY on a local telev show.
86) 1) dialog: The hype on T.V., tryin' to get  somethin' goin...
87) 3) text: Braver takes Joe aside, talks to him confidentially.
88) 0) text: Joe and Camille are sharing a pizza, but not alone. A vid spotlight shines on them, as yet another crew rolls tape.
89) 2) text: Joe nods and heads back in front of the camera.
90) 0) text: A huge bonfire burns, as a large segment of the student b has gathered in front of the Timberwolf statue. The  cheerleaders, all wearing "KANE IS ABLE" buttons, whip th crowd up, as Joe is introduced on the podium.
90) 2) text: The cheerleaders begin to chant, "Let's go, Joe." On "Joe they assume the Heisman trophy pose. Joe seems slightly  embarrassed by it all.
91) 1) dialog: No, I don't really think too much  about that kinda thing.
92) 0) text: Joe and Camille sit on a bank looking down at the railroa tracks below. Neither says anything. Joe seems strangely  preoccupied. Camille decides to break the silence.
92) 2) dialog: My mom's dead. My dad has never seen  me play.
92) 4) dialog: Guess he's not that interested in  football.
92) 6) dialog: (snapping) He's just not into it, o.k.?
92) 8) dialog: No... I'm worried about the days  after that. I just. I don't know...  I feel like tomorrow's gonna be my  last game. I want to stay up, make  the time go slow.
92) 10) dialog: No, that'd be a relief. Then, at  least, I wouldn't be a failure.
92) 12) dialog: (testy) How do you know what's waiting for  me? You don't know me at all.
92) 14) dialog: Because you wouldn't be here now if  you did. You only know the guy that's  supposed to make millions in the  pros.
92) 16) dialog: Why else?
92) 19) text: She turns and storms away up the hill, as we hear a TRAIN WHISTLE. Joe watches her go, then starts down the hill to the tracks as the train comes into view. Camille stops, turns back, sees Joe headed for the tracks starts to worry. Joe reaches the grade and steps into the middle of the tr facing the oncoming train. Horrified, Camille runs down t embankment toward him.
92) 21) text: As the train approaches, it's horn blaring, Joe lies face down on the tracks, his hands gripping the railroad ties. Camille arrives at the bottom of the hill in time to see train race over him. She falls to her knees screaming. Under the train, we see Joe desperately hugging the groun head down, toes dug in, hands clutching the ties. It's li a tornado under there, dirt debris flying everywhere, his clothes flapping wildly. The train passes. Camille looks up, afraid to breath as J lies motionless on the tracks. Suddenly he stirs, pushes  himself up to his knees. She lets out a scream of joy, ra toward him, as he gets to his feet, stumbles off the grad She hugs him to her, tears streaming down her face, helps him over to the embankment.
92) 23) dialog: (drained) Yeh, just got some dirt in my teeth.  Guess you've really seen the dark  side now, huh? You should've gotten  out while you had the chance. Before  it all goes to hell.
92) 25) dialog: I'm a Kane, Camille. That's all it  takes. We're cut out to be drunks  and fuck-ups. We never live up to  expectations. It's in our blood. My  dad, brothers, uncles -- we all drink  and sooner or later we all fuck up.  My dad went the longest. Waited till  he was playin' triple A ball, before  he hit the wall. Sometimes I feel  like I'm just waiting for my turn.  The better I do, the closer it gets.
92) 27) dialog: If I gave up that, I wouldn't be  much of a football player. And if I  wasn't a football player, what would  I be?
92) 31) dialog: Just don't say I never warned you.
93) 4) text: Joe fades to pass, looks right, looks left, can't find a  receiver, decides to run for it. He sprints up the middle 15, 10; a SAFETY comes at him at the 5. We see Joe's P.O.V. through HELMETCAM. He pushes the lunging saf away, turns back just in time to be blasted by the OTHER  SAFETY he never saw. Joe is knocked down, over the goal l and out cold. The crowd goes wild.
93) 6) text: Joe lies motionless as his teamates run over to him.
93) 9) dialog: As he's carried off the field, his arms around two lineme shoulders, and lowered onto the bench. We go to a BLURRY  IMAGE of a man's face waving something. We REVERSE to REV a DOCTOR waving smelling salts under Joe's nose. Joe begi to come around. The doctor holds up two fingers.
93) 11) dialog: Four.
94) 11) dialog: The Doctor examines Joe, shines a light in his eyes, make him track his finger, etc.
94) 14) dialog: Yeh, I'm fine. Just a little headache. (getting up, shouting  to his teamates) O.K. Offense, let's get it back.
95) 0) text: Joe breaks the huddle as the E.S.U. offense comes to the  line.
95) 2) text: Joe fades to pass once again, lets the rush come, then fl out a screen pass to Darnell. Darnell grabs it and takes  off, slipping tackles, cutting back, juking. Darnell fina runs out of bounds at the twenty.
95) 5) dialog: O.K., time to put the women and  children to bed, and go looking for  dinner.
95) 7) dialog: 82 Strike, Eagle, Crown, on 2.
95) 8) text: They clap hands, come to the line. Joe looks over the def bends under center and barks signals, The ball is snapped Action goes to SLOW MOTION. Joe fakes to Darnell, fades to pass. The Michigan cornerb comes on a blitz, locked on Joe. Joe starts to roll, but  knows the corner will catch him. On the run, he launches ball toward Darnell. Darnell opens his hands to receive i but at the last second, the Michigan SAFETY steps in fron and intercepts it.
95) 10) text: Joe sinks to his knees in frustration. The blitzing corne does a quick pit-pat on Joe's helmet. Winters looks like  he's been punched. As Michigan and Tim Waymen celebrate on the sideline, we to:
97) 2) text: The door of the locker room opens, and a flood of reporte enter. Joe hides back in the showers, leaning his forehea against the wall, the water coursing over him.
101) 0) text: Joe lies on his bed, a bottle of vodka next to his coca-c He stares at the larger than life cardboard stand-up of  himself. He takes a drink, then gets up and grabs his jac The phone rings. He looks at it a beat, then walks out of the room.
102) 0) text: Camille's on the phone, waiting, the one calling Joe. She listens a few more rings, hangs up, concerned.
106) 0) text: Not the 911 we saw earlier. Joe sits at a table in the ba with Darnell, drinking tequila with a beer chaser. Both a down in the dumps. At a nearby table there's a group of  TOWNIES and their GIRLFRIENDS.
106) 1) dialog: Coupla real college heroes, huh?  Tearin' up the town.
106) 3) text: Joe looks up to see one of the townies' girls, DEBBIE, gi him the once over and a little smile. Joe smiles back, no really interested. Debbie's BOYFRIEND notices.
106) 9) text: The boyfriend, drunk and looking for trouble, goes over t Joe's table.
106) 11) dialog: (a little drunk himself) I don't know. Which one is she?
106) 13) text: Joe says nothing.
106) 15) dialog: I'm not even interested in talkin'  to you.
106) 17) text: Joe gets up to go. The boyfriend grabs him, Joe pushes hi away. The guy charges Joe. The bar owner rushes to the ph as a full scale brawl begins. Joe takes a blow, knocks th boyfriend back into a table, knocking beer bottles to the floor. The boyfriend falls on one, opening a deep gash in his shoulder.
108) 0) text: Joe's driving, Darnell's holding on. Suddenly we hear SIR Joe sees flashing lights in the rear-view mirror.
108) 1) dialog: Oh shit...
110) 0) text: Joe sits across the desk from Winters, just the two of th
110) 1) dialog: The guy went for me first. What was  I supposed to do?
110) 3) dialog: Rehab? I'll be a god-damn joke. You  can't do this to me.
110) 5) dialog: Not in the middle of the season. Not  in the middle of a Heisman campaign.
110) 7) dialog: Yeh, but what will I come back as?  What kinda player?
110) 9) text: Joe doesn't believe it, but he manages a nod, as he gets to leave.
110) 10) dialog: I'm sorry, Coach.
110) 12) text: Joe walks on out, Winters watches him go, then slams the  desk in anger. Drained, he sinks back in his chair.
112) 0) text: Joe finishes packing his bags. He sees a picture of Camil on the dresser. Picks it up, looks at it a beat, drops it the trash. He carries his Heisman cardboard standup into shower, pulls out a match and lights it. He watches it ca fire, then grabs his suitcase and walks out of the room. hold on the burning standup, as flames lick at Joe's smil
113) 0) text: Joe is shown into his room. Bare. One cot. One dresser. H drops his bag, sags onto the bed.
121) 0) text: Joe is aimlessly flipping cards toward a wastebasket. A N knocks on his door.
121) 2) text: Joe says nothing, not wanting to deal with this.
121) 4) dialog: I don't want to talk to her.
121) 6) dialog: Yeh.
121) 7) text: The nurse leaves. Joe gets up, goes to the wall, and star pounding it with his right hand.
124) 2) text: Joe looks resentful but makes an effort and sits up.
124) 4) text: Joe gets unsteadily to his feet. He feels sick. Winters  reaches out to shake hands. Joe does not reciprocate. Hid his right hand behind his body.
124) 6) text: Joe doesn't move.
124) 8) text: Joe is angry but he doesn't want to do anything about it.
124) 10) text: Joe shakes his head.
124) 12) text: Joe sinks to his knees. Winters stares down at him, then  kneels also, his own anger and frustration draining away.
124) 14) text: Joe reveals his hand. It's barked and cut, but not badly  swollen.
124) 16) dialog: You don't have to.
126) 0) text: The sun shines through the window. Joe wakes up, raises u looks over at Winters who is asleep in a chair. Winters  rouses. Joe gives him a little smile, he's allright. Wint gives him a nod of approval.
129) 0) text: 5) A group of patients is gathered around a T.V. set in t Rehab Center, watching a pre-game show. One goes to Joe's room, where Joe's lying on his cot.
129) 2) dialog: No thanks.
129) 3) text: Joe leans back, staring at the ceiling.
132) 0) text: Joe sits on his bed listening to the E.S.U. broadcast.
134) 0) text: We move in on Joe's face, as Harvey is heard on the radio the b.g.
134) 2) text: Joe's eyes close. He knows what this means.
140) 0) text: Joe walks out with his suitcase. Coach Winters waits for  him. Shakes his hand. They get in the car.
141) 2) dialog: Scotch.
141) 5) text: Joe takes the tickets, just looks at him.
144) 0) text: Camille comes off the court, after tennis practice. She's surprised to find Joe waiting for her.
144) 1) dialog: Hello, Camille.
144) 3) dialog: Yeh... yeh, I think so.
144) 6) dialog: Camille, hold on, O.K.? I'm sorry  that I didn't want... that I couldn't  see you.
144) 9) dialog: C'mon, Camille, I was embarrassed. I  couldn't...
144) 11) dialog: (shouting after her) I couldn't understand why anybody  would wanta talk to me. Camille!
145) 0) text: A bus comes up the hill toward us, on the main street of  Joe's sooty, little home town, the huge stacks of moribun steel works filling the sky in the background. The bus st at a corner. Joe steps off. No bag. He's not planning on  staying long.
146) 0) text: Joe goes to the front door. Knocks, gets no answer, pushe the door open, walks through the messy, cluttered house t the back porch. Seated in a metal folding chair, smoking cigarette, looking out at the yard is Joe's DAD. He's got couple days growth of beard, and although not drunk now, has the look of one.
146) 1) dialog: How ya doin', Dad?
146) 3) dialog: No.
146) 5) dialog: Yeh, they sent me to rehab.
146) 7) text: Joe nods sadly.
146) 9) dialog: I've been thinking about some things,  Dad.
146) 11) dialog: I kinda been wonderin' why you never  came to any of my games. All those  years.
146) 13) dialog: Or I mighta done real well. Which  woulda been harder on you, Dad?
146) 15) dialog: Mighta made you feel bad. Like maybe  it wasn't written someplace that we  all gotta go on our ass. Like maybe  you coulda done somethin' more, if  you'de tried a little harder.
146) 17) dialog: I think I spent the last couple years  hopin' I'd die before that day. But  you know what Dad? That day came and  I'm still here. And I got one more  game this year. I don't know how  well I'll play or even how much, but  I want you there.
146) 19) dialog: I could live with it, if you could. (handing him a ticket) Here's a ticket. Section 2, Row 6.  Fifty yard line. If you don't come,  I'll never ask you again.
146) 21) text: They give each other a short, quick hug. Nothing sentimen Joe walks back through the house. His dad stares out at t yard.
149) 0) text: Joe takes a snap, fades to pass, throws an out. The ball  flutters badly, falling short.
149) 3) text: The players, surprised at this turn of events, begin to f off. Even the coaches are baffled. Winters walks over to  Joe, who has no idea what this is about.
149) 5) dialog: Well, we didn't exactly have a team...
149) 7) dialog: I had some other things to worry  about...
149) 9) dialog: Hoppin' the steps?! What, you're  gonna punish me now.
149) 11) dialog: Hopping up the stadium steps on his right foot, laboring he passes Winters, halfway up.
149) 13) text: Joe switches to his left foot and continues hopping up th steps, his quadriceps bursting with pain.
149) 15) dialog: hanging by his arms, moving hand over hand along the cros of the goalpost, panting with fatigue, Winters watching f below.
149) 17) dialog: Bone weary now. Winters has him run 20 yards, get down an do 10 pushups, run another 20 yards, do 10 more pushups e Joe staggers the 20 yards, drops to do his pushups, can o do 4. Winters yanks him to his feet, pushes him forward t run again.
149) 19) dialog: (barely able to stand) I didn't wanna leave... I just screwed  up...
149) 21) dialog: (stopping, exhausted) No, no I never dogged. I worked my  ass off. I played hard...
149) 23) dialog: (wobbling, starting  to break down) I always played hard. I gave my  everything for you. When you came to  the Center, I thought you were really  worried about me. But you don't give  a shit. We're all just a buncha sled  dogs. If you had another guy who  could throw, you'da left me in the  fuckin' hospital. (falling to his knees,  sobbing) The only thing that matters is the  program, the god-damn program.
149) 24) text: Winters pushes Joe down to do his pushups. Joe has to str mightily to do two.
149) 26) text: Joe tries to get up, but collapses face down on the turf, Winters continues to walk away.
156) 13) text: Winters walks away, as the players are left to contemplat their mistakes. Winters goes over to Joe.
156) 15) text: Joe nods, excited but uncertain. Winters moves on to Ray  Griffen.
157) 0) text: The E.S.U. players return to their bench for the start of the second half, gather in a circle. Joe looks up in the  stands to the seat he reserved for his father. It's empty
158) 5) dialog: 
158) 10) dialog: All right, we've held these guys up  long enough. Give me time back here,  and I'll rip 'em apart. 16 shift,  green, bolt. First sound.
158) 11) text: Joe brings the offense to the line of scrimmage, yells "G The ball is snapped, Joe drops back, hits Darnell on the  sideline. First down. In quick succession, we see Joe: 1) Complete a 15 yarder to Ray over the middle. 2) Fades to pass, is rushed. Forced out of the pocket,  scrambles for his life, manages to get down to the 4 yard line. He gets up, surveys the distance to pay dirt.
158) 18) dialog: 28 Thunder right. On 2.
158) 19) text: The team breaks out, comes to the line. Joe looks over th defense, screams signals as the CROWD NOISE is building. We go to SLOW MOTION as the ball is snapped. Ray takes on step forward then turns right, leading the play. Joe pitc to Darnell who follows Ray. Georgia Tech's outside lineba comes up to stop the play. Ray stumbles before he can mak the block. He drops out of our picture.
161) 0) text: Joe brings the Wolves up.
161) 2) text: Joe takes the snap, drops to pass, finds no one, rolls aw from the rush. Just as he's about to go out of bounds, he fires a bullet down the sideline. Ray Griffen catches it goes out of bounds at the twelve.
161) 6) dialog: Give me the ball.
161) 9) dialog: (in huddle) O.K., 24 inside slot, left blue  lightning. Let's put the women and  children to bed, and go lookin' for  fuckin' dinner. On 2.
161) 10) text: He starts the wolf howl. The others join in, howling for they're worth, eleven jacked-up warriors. They clap and b the huddle. The crowd is standing, waving fists in unison toward the  Georgia Tech end zone. Joe looks up in the stands again a the seat he left for his father. It's still empty.
161) 11) dialog: This one's for you, Dad.
161) 12) text: Joe starts to call signals as Bud Lite sings "Bali Hi." W go to SLOW MOTION as the ball is snapped. The Georgia Tech defense fires off the line, throwing  everything at Joe. Joe drops back five steps. Bud Lite pi up a blitzing linebacker, knocks him over a fallen player Joe looks for Darnell in the corner, but another pass rus breaks through, forcing Joe out of the pocket. It's warti as tackles and blockers collide, hand-fight, go down, scr up, collide again, all in pursuit of Joe. Darnell, realizing Joe's in trouble, breaks off his patte and heads to the center of the end zone. Joe dodges one  tackler, shakes free of another's ankle tackle, heads bac for the center of the field. He spots Darnell breaking be defensive backs. Just as he's buried by two massive linem Joe fires a rocket down the middle toward the sliver of o space that Darnell is heading for. The ball barely clears the hands of a lunging linebacker. Darnell and two defensive backs, one from each side, clos on the ball as it cuts through the air, a perfect spiral. Darnell dives. The two defensive backs dive. The ball pas between their outstretched hands by a fraction of an inch landing in Darnell's. He clutches it to his chest, rolls  over, holds the ball up for the ref to see. Touchdown! Th time Darnell does go into his touchdown dance.
164) 11) text: Joe manages a weary smile.
165) 0) text: Joe sits on a bench at the intersection of four convergin Quad paths. Camille approaches from the opposite directio stops when she sees Joe.
165) 2) dialog: Waitin' for you. I figured you'de  have to come through here on your  way to dinner.
165) 5) dialog: I need your help with somethin'. I  know I'm not your favorite guy right  now, but it's all startin' again.  The expectations, the pressure, the  talk about the Heisman next year. I  was wonderin' if you'de like to go  somewhere, maybe share a six-pack  with me?
165) 7) dialog: I miss you, Camille. I don't like  bein' without you.