8) 0) text: Winters' daughter LOUANNE, 20, is on the phone with her  father. Louanne is sexy, clothes too tight, but good-natu somewhat needy and loyal as a labrador. She holds a hopel out-of-style sweater her dad's given her for Christmas.
8) 1) dialog: (lying) It's real nice, Dad.
9) 0) text: Winters sits on the bed, eating Chinese take-out, the pho cradled in his neck, talking to Louanne.
20) 0) text: Joe and Darnell pass a table of three girls, conspicuous  among them is Louanne Winters. Joe and Darnell give her a nod and proceed on to a table where three fellow players  wait: Bud Lite, BOBBY COLLINS, good-looking, silver-tongu ladies man and 2nd string quarterback, and STEVE LATTIMER heavily muscled, surf-punk defensive end. Between them is large pitcher of beer.
20) 9) text: Bud takes a good-natured swipe at him. Lattimer deflects Joe notices Bobby looking over at Louanne. She gives Bobb surreptitious little wave to come over and sit with her. gives her the "just a minute" sign.
20) 14) text: Bobby laughs and heads over to Louanne's table, as Joe po himself another beer. Alvin enters the bar, goes to Joe's table, plops a copy o Sports Illustrated down in front of Joe.
21) 0) text: The crowd from the 911 (Bud, Alvin, Lattimer, Darnell, Bo and Louanne) follow Joe down the hill behind the bar towa a busy two-lane highway. Joe, a little drunker than the  others, starts HOWLING at the moon like a Timber Wolf. Th others join in.
21) 21) text: Alvin snorts in disgust and starts out onto the blacktop. Bobby and Lattimer smile, go to follow. Louanne grabs Bob holds him back.
21) 22) dialog: (vaguely sexual) Bobby, be careful, o.k? Please, be  careful.
21) 23) text: Bobby smiles, grabs her ass, pulls her to him, gives her long, passionate kiss, then sprints out to the white line leaving her breathless. Alvin, Bobby and Lattimer lie down in front of Bud. Now  there's a line of five, a human highway median. Everybody scared shitless, howling their lungs out. Louanne and Darnell watch from the side of the road.
33) 0) text: Opening day of school. We take CUTS of students arriving, football players checking out the new girls from atop the wall of the athletic dorm, Louanne and Autumn greeting  returning sisters at the sorority, students registering f classes etc.
68) 2) text: Bobby, who's overheard this, walks by with Louanne.
75) 0) text: Some 100 students are taking a history test in blue books T.A., checking attendance, walks up to Louanne. She's une as the T.A. checks his chart.
75) 2) dialog: Bobby Collins.
75) 4) text: Louanne knows she's in deep trouble.
77) 0) text: Winters, enraged, is venting his spleen at Louanne.
77) 2) dialog: I... he was behind, he needed help.  I'm sorry. I just...
77) 4) dialog: (crying) I don't know... I thought he... loved  me...
77) 6) dialog: I'll get in someplace.
77) 8) dialog: They've always been good enough for  you. Good enough to devote your life  to. Why aren't they good enough for  me? Or are they too good?
77) 10) dialog: Didn't you ever break the rules just  a little? Didn't you tell me once  that 90 per cent of the schools obey  the NCAA rules, and the other 10 per  cent go to bowl games? Was that just  a joke?
80) 0) text: Winters walks in the front door, past the desk, up the st and down the hall to his daughter's room. She's packing h things. He goes over to her, takes her in his arms and hu her tight. Neither speak. A tear rolls down Louanne's che Hits the floor.
123) 0) text: Bud Lite is watching television. Louanne enters on her wa to Bobby Collins' room, carrying an armload of neatly-pre laundry. But Lite gets up to bar her way.
123) 2) dialog: Fine, Bud, ya know. Goin to J.C.,  hopin' to get back in here next year.  Just came by to give Bobby some  laundry I did for him.
123) 4) dialog: Yeh, he was even talking about us  gettin' a place off campus together,  until he got reinstated. I don't  know how I woulda told my dad.
123) 5) text: Bud just nods blankly. Louanne starts to head for Bobby's room.
123) 7) dialog: Why not?
123) 9) dialog: Ah. Guess I'm pretty stupid when it  comes to men. I never learn, do I?
123) 11) dialog: Thanks, Bud (handing him the  clothes) Give him these, will ya?
123) 12) text: Bud nods. Louanne, fighting back tears, walks back down t hall with as much dignity as she can muster.
164) 13) dialog: You still feel like gettin' a beer?
164) 14) text: Bud smiles. Bobby quickly looks around for someone else t hit on, hails a cheerleader. Bud and Louanne walk off  together. Louanne stops when she sees her father, fearful his reaction.
164) 15) dialog: He's not a football player any more.  He's graduating this year.
164) 17) text: Louanne waits, not sure whether her father's angry or not
164) 19) text: Louanne smiles. Winters returns it, and walks away.