23) 31) text: She's just about to say something when RAY GRIFFEN arrive Ray's the starting tailback, black, handsome, clean-cut,  well-spoken, middle class.
23) 32) dialog: Hey, Autumn --
23) 33) text: This is exactly what Autumn didn't want to happen. Ray an Darnell eye each other like a couple of roosters.
23) 36) dialog: (shaking Darnell's  hand) Ray Griffen. (just as pointedly) Starting tailback.
23) 39) dialog: The two guys they recruited before  you are handing out Gatorade now. (making the jerkoff  motion) Better start strengthening your wrist.
23) 42) dialog: (to himself) What the hell is that supposed to  mean?
25) 12) text: He smashes the trophy on the podium, breaking it in half, shattering the base. Darnell and the other freshmen are a The upperclassmen stifle laughs, particularly Ray Griffen
27) 0) text: Scrimmage. Joe hands off to Darnell. He sweeps right, cut it up, blows past the end. In a spectacular display of br field running, Darnell breaks to the sideline, cuts back, eluding the corner back, and stiffarms the safety. Alvin, pursuing the play, finally tackles him from behind, strip the ball at the same time. There's a wild scramble for th fumble. Darnell is crushed under the pile, as the defense recovers it, ruining an otherwise brilliant run. The players unpile to reveal Darnell, writhing on the gro the wind knocked out of him. Ray Griffen runs by to take place.
50) 0) text: Several of the players are gathered around a bulletin boa in the hall. The starting lineup for the first game has b posted. Darnell traces his finger from the designation  TAILBACK over to the name RAY GRIFFEN. He drops his eyes, obviously disappointed. Lattimer, meanwhile, is checking the defensive board. He  finds his name posted as a starting defensive end. Punchi the air, he dashes out of the building.
68) 9) text: Darnell challenged by this, gets up and goes over to wher Ray and Autumn are standing. A slow tune plays.
68) 11) dialog: I don't think so.
68) 15) text: Ray reluctantly backs off. Darnell and Autumn start to da Several players who've picked up on the tension, watch th as they move around the floor. They try to pretend they'r just having a nice little chat.
68) 24) text: The song ends. Ray moves in to reclaim her.
68) 25) dialog: (to Darnell) All caught up on your arithmetic?
68) 26) text: Darnell, pissed, gives Ray a shove.
68) 28) text: Ray lunges back at him, but quickly several players, led Joe and Bud Lite, step between them. Darnell shrugs them and leaves the party.
68) 30) text: Ray takes Autumn's arm, pulls her out onto the patio.
68) 31) dialog: I'm gettin' a little sick of this  asshole, Autumn. I don't like you  hangin' out with him. It's  embarrassing.
68) 33) dialog: Then have him get another tutor.
68) 35) dialog: What the hell difference does it  makes? They'll grease him through no  matter what he does. Nobody's ever  gonna see his graduation. Don't tell  me you're falling for this guy. He's  just another gang-banger with speed.
68) 37) dialog: Maybe you oughta think about what  you're in danger of losing.
70) 0) text: The party's still in full gear. Ray is now chatting up a of the groupies. Joe and Bud Lite sit off in a corner. Jo knocked back several beers. He's a little tipsy, and lost thought.
98) 22) text: Before Autumn can respond, Ray Griffen approaches from th other direction.
98) 23) dialog: Hey, Mr. Haley. Good to see you.
143) 0) text: The coach is facing Ray and Darnell across his desk.
143) 2) text: Ray is stunned, Darnell elated, but neither says a word.
143) 4) dialog: (tight lipped) Yes, sir.
153) 4) text: They break and the E.S.U. offense comes to the line. Coll calls signals. We go to SLOW MOTION as he fades to pass.  Darnell fakes a block, then rolls out for a screen pass.  Georgia Tech's defensive line comes hard. Bobby flips the ball over the charging defenders. Darnell catches it, get good block from Bud Lite, then tucks in behind Ray who is out ahead blocking. There's only one linebacker to beat and Darnell will be i the secondary. Figuring Ray will block the guy, Darnell b to look for the safeties. Ray, however, barely brushes th linebacker, who doesn't even break stride. He lowers his  head, and drives into Darnell, his helmet hitting the  football. Fumble! There's a scramble. The Yellow Jackets  free safety comes up with it.
156) 2) text: Darnell marches over to Ray's locker.
156) 4) dialog: You're full of shit. You fumble, you  try to blame me.
156) 6) dialog: The hell with Autumn. You just can't  take a hit.
156) 7) text: Infuriated, Darnell goes for Ray, and they start swinging Darnell tackles Ray, they roll on the floor, still swingi trying to beat the shit out of each other. Finally, sever players manage to pull them apart. Coach Winters charges  over.
156) 9) dialog: Yes, sir.
156) 15) text: Joe nods, excited but uncertain. Winters moves on to Ray  Griffen.
158) 11) text: Joe brings the offense to the line of scrimmage, yells "G The ball is snapped, Joe drops back, hits Darnell on the  sideline. First down. In quick succession, we see Joe: 1) Complete a 15 yarder to Ray over the middle. 2) Fades to pass, is rushed. Forced out of the pocket,  scrambles for his life, manages to get down to the 4 yard line. He gets up, surveys the distance to pay dirt.
158) 14) dialog: Give it to me up the gut, Coach.  They've been ignoring me. I know I  can score.
158) 16) text: Winters gives Ray a shove and he runs onto the field. Ray upset, angry. He swears to himself.
158) 19) text: The team breaks out, comes to the line. Joe looks over th defense, screams signals as the CROWD NOISE is building. We go to SLOW MOTION as the ball is snapped. Ray takes on step forward then turns right, leading the play. Joe pitc to Darnell who follows Ray. Georgia Tech's outside lineba comes up to stop the play. Ray stumbles before he can mak the block. He drops out of our picture.
158) 21) text: Darnell is forced to go wider toward the sideline. The  linebacker and cornerback are closing, both have the angl on him. Darnell starts to cut back. He lowers his shoulde to take the linebacker's blow. Suddenly, out of nowhere, reappears and throws a devastating block on the linebacke knocking him back into the cornerback, taking them both o Darnell cuts it up and blasts over the safety at the goal line. Touchdown, E.S.U. The stands erupt. It's the first thing they've had to che about all day. Winters just looks at the clock, goes over talk to his defense. Darnell foregoes his touchdown dance. He runs over to Ray grabs him by the helmet.
158) 23) text: Ray smiles. They butt heads and run off the field
161) 2) text: Joe takes the snap, drops to pass, finds no one, rolls aw from the rush. Just as he's about to go out of bounds, he fires a bullet down the sideline. Ray Griffen catches it goes out of bounds at the twelve.