93) 1) text: Music is audible from inside the house. Carter's house is dilapidated house, with a tiny front yard and huge back y surrounded by trees, with rusty old cars scattered throug about everybody enters the house from the back. BERUBI, i early twenties, very large and athletic, wearing mesh sho beat-up t-shirt, and a MALE FRIEND, of a similar age with build and dressed lazily in khakis and an un-tucked shirt unloading a KEG from the bed of a PICK-UP TRUCK onto a do HEATHER and ALLISON are standing on the back porch. Heath holding a bottle of VODKA in her hand. Heather bangs on t door. CARTER approaches. In his early twenties, Carter is with a modestly athletic build and a gruff voice, and pos appetite for greasy food and cheap beer. He's a guy's guy
95) 8) text: I'll talk to Berubi. I know what to say to this guy. Don't worry.
95) 10) dialog: Hey, Pedro, what's up with the Mustang?
95) 11) text: Berubi motions to the MUSTANG hitched to the back of it.
95) 16) dialog: Yeah.
95) 20) dialog: So you're driving around with his car hitched to your tow truck?
95) 25) dialog: Sounds good.    Come on an' grab a beer.
95) 29) dialog: Kimmock's got couch.
95) 33) dialog: You got evicted?
95) 37) dialog: Hey, listen, if you want, you can crash in Jerry's room. He moved out.
95) 41) dialog: Don't park there. Park in back.
95) 45) dialog: (to Corey) What's up, Becker.
96) 1) text: Carlos's CAR is parked in street in front of Carter's hou down the street from where Pedro has parked, but on the o side of the street and facing in the opposite direction. the windshield, we see Berubi head back toward the house glances at Jessica, now showered and dressed in a yellow before climbing back into the Tow Truck and pulling back the road. Carlos has noticed Pedro, but Jessica, silent a stares at the house, has not.
112) 1) text: A dense gathering of PARTYGOERS is packed tight within th of Carter's room, rather small despite being the largest the house. The collection of Partygoers are watching with fervor the basketball game playing from the modest TV in CARTER, BERUBI, AARON and TROY are among the crowd. All t gathered here have an interest in the game, but none as m BUGGERIN' BOBBY BALES, who stands back against the far wa the nobody in the congregation dares venture into his sig the television. Partygoers yell in unison at various even displayed on the screen. The door opens, and Pedro peeks room.
112) 3) dialog: Shut the door!
124) 46) text: The PARTYGOERS in the back yard are now fixed on Jessica CARTER runs over, holding his CIGAR and a BEER. BERUBI is Carter, eager for a fight.
124) 73) dialog: (to Aaron) You're lucky.
124) 90) text: Carter leaves, followed by Berubi.    Jessica watches the turns down to Aaron.
126) 8) text: Heather heads towards Berubi's bedroom, and RJ follows, p JIMMY and BUGGERIN' BOBBY BALES. Jimmy looks back at RJ a passes.
133) 1) text: HEATHER and RJ are in Berubi's bedroom. Heather is on top and the sex is extremely rough. Heather notices the RED A LIGHTS continue flashing on the curtains, staring, entran them. RJ looks up to see what she's staring at.
145) 1) text: Some of the STRAGGLERS are still scattered throughout the the house opposite the bedrooms and bathroom. BERUBI is f waving them out of the house.
145) 5) dialog: Get the fuck out! Get the fuck out!     Get the fuck out!