16) 29) text: Ron exits and Jimmy sits on the bench in front of his loc defeated. BUGGERIN' BOBBY BALES, a.k.a. Bobby the Bookie, enormous juicehead built like an old-school NFL linebacke except for a towel around his neck, having just taken a s leaning against the end of a row of lockers, waiting for at Jimmy. Jimmy would rather that Ron stay.
16) 32) text: Bobby nods in response as Ron passes by on his way out. W locker room empty, Bobby unconsciously changes demeanor. tender, frighteningly tender, it's so entirely genuine. J prefer a beating - simple and final. Jimmy pulls his BACK of his locker and begins clearing his STUFF.
16) 34) dialog: So where you been?
16) 38) dialog: So you just don't return my phone calls.
16) 42) dialog: I can't take any more of your bets.   I look like a spineless fucking fag.
16) 43) text: Bobby shuts Jimmy's locker and steps up to Jimmy so that now face to face with Bobby's enormous organ - a terrifyi for mortal men and reputable women. Jimmy is struck silen savagely clenching his Chinese Stress Balls as he struggl thought.
16) 45) dialog: What the hell am I supposed to do with you Jimmy? People are talkin'.
16) 49) dialog: You don't know a fuckin' thing. Come by my apartment tonight, we'll figure this out.
16) 53) dialog: Ain't like what?
16) 57) dialog: You don't know what I know.   You'll see.
16) 61) dialog: Jimmy, I ain't about beggin'. I'm lookin' like a fool all on account 'a you. You owe me. You owe me. I'm gettin' sick of it.
16) 62) text: Bobby moves on to his own locker.
104) 1) text: Jimmy scans the cramped kitchen. Partygoers are talking, carrying on, making out in the way that Partygoers will. gaze wanders mechanically to anther part of the kitchen f the entrance to the living room. The terribly familiar fi BUGGERIN' BOBBY BALES, stands tall, proud, talking to sev Partygoers, the light behind him adding a regal air to hi frame - a transcendent silhouette for a hellish vision. B towers easily over his peers. In his powerful hands he ho notepad on which he scribbles as his clients eagerly plac bets.
111) 1) text: JIMMY walks in from living room looking for Bobby. He con toward the back door leading out onto the back porch.
112) 1) text: A dense gathering of PARTYGOERS is packed tight within th of Carter's room, rather small despite being the largest the house. The collection of Partygoers are watching with fervor the basketball game playing from the modest TV in CARTER, BERUBI, AARON and TROY are among the crowd. All t gathered here have an interest in the game, but none as m BUGGERIN' BOBBY BALES, who stands back against the far wa the nobody in the congregation dares venture into his sig the television. Partygoers yell in unison at various even displayed on the screen. The door opens, and Pedro peeks room.
119) 1) text: PARTYGOERS yell in unison at various events displayed on JIMMY is off to the side of the room talking to BOBBY.
119) 3) dialog: You know I don't get involved with that shit. You sell your drugs and pay what you owe.
119) 7) dialog: Sayeed's little brother?
119) 11) dialog: One of 'em's a cripple.    Don't make such a big deal.
119) 16) dialog: Fuckin' sit there and what?     Pull my fuckin' cock...
119) 20) dialog: Jimmy, I ain't in a mood to help you right now. I really ain't. You're wreckin' my livelihood. Soon no one pays me. And I fuckin' help you? You're a thorn in my balls.
119) 24) dialog: What the hell's the matter with you? What the fuck is going on in your head? You comin' to me, knowin' I'm pissed at you, and what for.
126) 8) text: Heather heads towards Berubi's bedroom, and RJ follows, p JIMMY and BUGGERIN' BOBBY BALES. Jimmy looks back at RJ a passes.
127) 3) dialog: What the fuck Jimmy?
127) 6) text: Jimmy steps further into the room and stands pensive as B a seat. Bobby lights up a CIGARETTE.
127) 8) dialog: I can't figure you Jimmy.
127) 29) dialog: Excuse me you cripple motherfucker?
127) 33) dialog: Call me that again.
127) 40) dialog: Yeah.   Call me that.
127) 43) text: Bobby stands, tosses his Cigarette aside, and marches tow Sinjin knowingly looses his grip on the Wheelchair and st
127) 46) text: Bobby grabs Louie by the collar and throws him from the W Louis lands heavily on his crippled frame, dazed, the Bow Bag dribbling onto the floor near Sinjin. Bobby grabs the Wheelchair in both hands and begins smashing it against t into the floor.
135) 1) text: POV on JIMMY, BOBBY, SINJIN and LOUIE staring at the wall the door. Bobby is still holding what's left of Louie's W Sinjin throws his hands up in disgust/disbelief.
135) 18) text: &gt;From O.S. a CHINESE STRESS BALL hits Kwon in the fore Kwon can only blink his eyes tries to gather his senses. stares at Kwon a moment before landing his large fist squ Kwon's nose, knocking him empty-handed and on his ass bes Sinjin stands up to get between Bobby and Kwon.
139) 7) dialog: You missed.
139) 30) text: Sinjin disappears out the window.   Bobby is about to fol turns back toward Jimmy.
139) 32) dialog: You owe me.
139) 33) text: Bobby exits.   Kwon stands over Jimmy.