5) 1) text: The living room is also a mess - the place is either a pi house full of bachelors. Jerry, now in sweatpants and sne still wearing the same t-shirt that he slept in, carries Suitcase through the foyer to the front door. He about-fa look at the interior of his home. He will not miss it.
6) 1) text: The old building is badly in need of a fresh paint job. sign reading "ATHENS RESCUE SQUAD" stands in front.
8) 1) text: BRAD, in jeans with his t-shirt thrown over his shoulder, standing in front of the door, waiting. MEGAN, in shorts, and a baseball cap, and AMY, in a sunskirt, look on. All late teens, they are unmade and worn-out, as if they hadn last night.
11) 1) text: Jessica is standing in front of the mirror staring at her half asleep. The bathroom is tiny like the living room - rather than endearing. She puts TOOTHPASTE on her TOOTHBR
12) 1) text: JINA, Jessica's mother, opens the front door and enters t room wearing a grocery checkout clerk's uniform. Jina dro old, worn out purse onto the coffee table and enters the She opens the bathroom door and enters.
14) 34) text: Jessica returns to the living room wearing a t-shirt that "Athens Youth Group" in large letters along the front. Ji gone. Jessica runs her hand through her hair, tossing it haphazardly. She grabs a pair of large SUNGLASSES off of table and places them over her eyes.
15) 1) text: Jimmy's PIECE-OF-SHIT hatchback is parked in front of the bare-bones gym.
16) 1) text: Jimmy now dressed in worn-out heavily-frayed khaki shorts short-sleeve button down shirt with a "Ron's Gym" emblem pocket, stands before his locker twisting the combination one hand while rotating steel CHINESE STRESS BALLS with h hand. He opens the locker and pulls out a large brown LUN propped prominently at the base.
16) 3) dialog: Hey Jimmy.   You fix the lat machine?
16) 4) text: RON, the tall, well-built, forty-something owner of the g approaches. Jimmy turns toward Ron. The row of lockers se backdrop.
16) 8) dialog: Jimmy, I'm just gonna say this, alright? I gotta let you go. I can't afford two employees.
16) 12) dialog: Yeah.
16) 16) dialog: Yeah, but I'm running a business. There're guys who pay me dues just 'cause she works here.
16) 20) dialog: I know that.
16) 24) dialog: I can't afford two employees, and she attracts business. That's it.
16) 28) dialog: Jimmy, don't take it personal. If you were built like her I'd keep you.
16) 29) text: Ron exits and Jimmy sits on the bench in front of his loc defeated. BUGGERIN' BOBBY BALES, a.k.a. Bobby the Bookie, enormous juicehead built like an old-school NFL linebacke except for a towel around his neck, having just taken a s leaning against the end of a row of lockers, waiting for at Jimmy. Jimmy would rather that Ron stay.
16) 31) dialog: Bales.
16) 32) text: Bobby nods in response as Ron passes by on his way out. W locker room empty, Bobby unconsciously changes demeanor. tender, frighteningly tender, it's so entirely genuine. J prefer a beating - simple and final. Jimmy pulls his BACK of his locker and begins clearing his STUFF.
21) 1) text: Within the parking lot, the ambulance comes to a screechi front of a large picket fence encircling the pool. At the stands the LIFEGUARD.
25) 1) text: The Tow Truck has just pulled up into the driveway. Pedro out and makes his way up the sidewalk to his front door, gallon of MILK. Emily climbs out and trails behind him, c her LAUNDRY BAG and PURSE. The house is very small, with yard that is not much bigger than the sidewalk, and neigh houses not much more than a body length apart from each o Pedro notices an EVICTION NOTICE on the front door, and t brand-new lock has been placed on the otherwise run-down tries unsuccessfully to open the door.
25) 2) text: He walks over and looks through the front window into his and sees his DOG. Pedro taps on the window. The Dog looks Pedro, wagging its tail. Pedro tries to open the window, locked.
26) 1) text: Jimmy parks his PIECE-OF-SHIT in front of a mom-and-pop p and exits. A sign that reads "Poppy's Pizzeria" hangs abo pizza shop. He enters.
27) 1) text: Jimmy walks past a few tables where patrons are eating. P a sixty-ish pot-bellied man standing behind the counter m PIZZA, sees him.
35) 1) text: CARLOS has parked in front of an old house, which is in a of disrepair. JESSICA gets out of the CAR with Carlos' NA
38) 2) text: The yard slopes significantly from the front yard to the and the view of the back of the house reveals two stories turns the corner, he spots a black CAT walking up to him. the Cat.
39) 12) text: Jimmy leans over from his chair and waves a hand in front Nothing. Jimmy jumps up from his recliner. He stares at C steps over, takes two fingers and checks Car's pulse. He back, unsure of what to do.
41) 2) text: He picks up the Gym Bag and carries it to the front of th He sets down Gym Bag and drops to his knees, all while no Car appears to be staring at him. He unloads the remainin of the Gym Bag into his Backpack, including a few bags of few more jars of K, and two large bags of WHITE POWDER.
41) 3) text: He throws one strap of his Backpack over his shoulder and front of Car. Jimmy stares at Car.
45) 1) text: Jimmy's Piece-of-Shit has just rear-ended another CAR of parked in front of a STOP SIGN in an otherwise empty inte The DRIVER of the forward Car stirs.
50) 1) text: ESTABLISHING SHOT on the police station with a number of parked neatly in front. Two middle-age MALE POLICE OFFICE standing in front of the entrance, talking. Heather and A AMBULANCE is parked in the lot across the street, facing station.
51) 1) text: The engine is off. HEATHER is behind the wheel and ALLISO slouched back on the passenger seat, both watching the tw Police Officers standing in front of the building.
52) 9) text: Jessica looks up to see TROY entering the house with AARO him. TROY is a shaggy, 5'10" pothead slacker in his late wearing beat-up jeans, a t-shirt with a faded logo on it, hair above his lip and on his chin. AARON, a burly mutt, same age and only slightly shorter, wearing cut-off cargo one of the thigh pockets ripped off, a sleeveless shirt a on his left shoulder. Troy notices Jessica immediately.
52) 16) text: Aaron shoves Troy roughly out of the way as Jessica bolts room.
52) 19) text: Jessica runs out the back door and around the front of th Aaron sees her turn the corner of the house, and he turns cut her off.
52) 26) text: Aaron runs out the front door after Jessica.
53) 1) text: Aaron is out the front door, yelling at Jessica who is fu the street.
53) 9) text: Aaron, holding a ROCK slightly bigger than his fist, smas passenger-side window.
53) 14) text: Aaron reaches in and grabs Jessica's hair and begins to r of the car, cutting his own arm while doing so. Aaron gro in anger than pain, as he yanks with all his might. Jessi holding onto the inside of the passenger door with one ha scratching and clawing at Aaron to get Aaron to release h other hand. Jessica's seat belt clearly is the only thing her in the car. Carlos is pulling away slowly. Aaron rele hand from Jessica's hair and punches at the top of her he
53) 19) text: Aaron repeatedly tries to hit Jessica with his free hand pulls into the street. Aaron runs along with the car. Jes reaches toward Aaron with a closed fist, where she is hol PEPPER SPRAY. She sprays at Aaron but misses. Aaron grabs fist with his free hand and rips the Pepper Spray from Je Jessica screams in pain as Aaron sprays away.
53) 23) text: Carlos swerves violently to the side towards a parked CAR side of the road. Aaron is plowed along toward the Car, b releases Jessica at the last possible second, just avoidi collision with the Car. Carlos was not fooling around.
53) 24) text: Aaron watches them tear down the street before he about-f walks briskly back toward the house, where Troy is standi front porch watching the action.
55) 2) text: Pedro gets out of his Tow Truck and walks up to the front rings the doorbell. There is no answer, so he rings the d again, then knocks on the door. Again no answer, so he ba door vigorously. He leans over and peers inside the windo does so, MR. CARSON opens the front door, apparently havi woken up.
55) 10) text: Mr. Carson parts the curtain behind his front window, eye he watches Pedro. The front door opens, and Mr. Carson co storming out.
63) 40) text: The TRAFFIC in front of Jimmy slows, and Jimmy coasts to standstill at the tail of the traffic and in the middle o intersection.
65) 1) text: JIMMY parallel parks his PIECE-OF-SHIT in front of his ap exits carrying his BACKPACK. He unlocks the door to his a opens it, and steps one foot inside.
66) 1) text: Jimmy slides the Backpack into his apartment. TIGHT on th as it slides across the hardwood floor, straight towards to a halt immediately in front of the camera. Jimmy steps outside and shuts the door.
68) 1) text: AARON returns from the kitchen drinking from a can of SOD and PITT are on the couch, VIDEO GAME CONTROLLERS in thei waiting for the VIDEO GAME to load. Troy is lighting a CI
68) 22) text: Pitt tosses the Phone to Aaron.
70) 1) text: Aaron is walking into the kitchen, and although he is fur keeping his voice down so that Pitt and Troy do not hear. and forth between Aaron in his house and Jessica in Carlo
70) 29) text: Aaron hangs up.
71) 28) text: Through the window, we see that Carlos' Car is parked acr street from Car's house, and that a POLICE CAR and a CORO are parked in front of it. Kwon is standing with a POLICE more distraught than the last time we saw him, answering He's oblivious to Jessica and Carlos.
73) 1) text: ROB is riding his newly-acquired MOPED, with COREY on the Corey is holding Rob with one hand, his BASEBALL CAP with He drops Corey off in front of Mr. Carson's house.
73) 2) text: As Rob pulls a wheelie and exits the frame, Corey walks u front door of the house. He rings the doorbell, reaching pocket and pulling out a wad of BILLS as he waits. Mr. Ca the door.
74) 2) text: WIDE on a parked MUSTANG, a couple empty parking spaces o passenger side of it. Pedro's TOW TRUCK backs up into the that it's back end is almost touching the front end of th
74) 9) text: Older Woman notices that the front passenger-side tire is
75) 1) text: Through the window we see PATRONS eating. Pedro drives by Tow Truck with the Mustang hitched to the back.
79) 1) text: JIMMY walks through the front door. PIZZA POP spots him i from behind the counter. The PHONE rings, but Pizza Pop i
84) 1) text: Katie now has a glass of ICE-TEA in front of her.    Carl the TV and VCR, fiddling with the wires.
86) 1) text: HEATHER, ALLISON and DEREK are seated at the table with C TAKE-OUT in front of them. A NEWSPAPER opened to the clas lies near Derek's place at the table. Derek and Allison a down while Heather sits watching Derek. Derek is using a
89) 1) text: Dave is standing in front of finishing up blending a PROT holding a CORDLESS PHONE to his ear. Cut back and forth b Jimmy and Dave.
93) 1) text: Music is audible from inside the house. Carter's house is dilapidated house, with a tiny front yard and huge back y surrounded by trees, with rusty old cars scattered throug about everybody enters the house from the back. BERUBI, i early twenties, very large and athletic, wearing mesh sho beat-up t-shirt, and a MALE FRIEND, of a similar age with build and dressed lazily in khakis and an un-tucked shirt unloading a KEG from the bed of a PICK-UP TRUCK onto a do HEATHER and ALLISON are standing on the back porch. Heath holding a bottle of VODKA in her hand. Heather bangs on t door. CARTER approaches. In his early twenties, Carter is with a modestly athletic build and a gruff voice, and pos appetite for greasy food and cheap beer. He's a guy's guy
95) 1) text: PEDRO, EMILY and COREY, now wearing the BASEBALL CAP, are the TOW TRUCK across the street from the front of Carter' Porno magazines lie on the dashboard and the floor. BERUB along the side of the house from the back yard, spots Ped the wheel. He approaches.
96) 1) text: Carlos's CAR is parked in street in front of Carter's hou down the street from where Pedro has parked, but on the o side of the street and facing in the opposite direction. the windshield, we see Berubi head back toward the house glances at Jessica, now showered and dressed in a yellow before climbing back into the Tow Truck and pulling back the road. Carlos has noticed Pedro, but Jessica, silent a stares at the house, has not.
96) 6) text: She pulls her LIPSTICK out of her PURSE and begins to app Carlos watches. She puts her Lipstick away and stares at house another moment. She checks to see that her SUNGLASS still hanging on the front of her shirt.
103) 46) text: JIMMY is standing in the kitchen in front of the door loo onto the back porch, staring at the couple making out, mo transfixed. Jimmy's hand is in his pocket, turning his CH STRESS BALLS over and over and over. The girl closes her again, and Jimmy is forgotten, the moment lost. Jimmy is again, still, as usual.
108) 1) text: EMILY is standing on the front steps, wondering whether t outside or head back inside. She's completely out of plac among the older crowd. FEMALE PARTYGOER 1 and a PARTYGOER behind her in the doorway behind her.
108) 4) text: Emily politely moves down to the bottom of the stairs and aside. She watches as Female Partygoer 1 and the Partygoe her into the front yard.
112) 1) text: A dense gathering of PARTYGOERS is packed tight within th of Carter's room, rather small despite being the largest the house. The collection of Partygoers are watching with fervor the basketball game playing from the modest TV in CARTER, BERUBI, AARON and TROY are among the crowd. All t gathered here have an interest in the game, but none as m BUGGERIN' BOBBY BALES, who stands back against the far wa the nobody in the congregation dares venture into his sig the television. Partygoers yell in unison at various even displayed on the screen. The door opens, and Pedro peeks room.
113) 1) text: HEATHER and ALLISON are sitting on a couch facing each ot drunk and extremely happy. The coffee table in front of t filled with plastic CUPS and LIQUOR BOTTLES, many of whic empty.
124) 1) text: AARON and TROY step out onto the back porch and spot JESS CARLOS. Upon seeing them, Carlos stands straight up.
124) 5) text: Aaron and Troy approach.    It's clear Troy doesn't reall there.
124) 20) text: Carlos painfully does not answer. Jessica, unfazed, takes hit of WHISKEY. Jessica is confident because of the booze because of Carter's promise. Jessica and Aaron begin argu calm "I'm above this" mannerisms.
124) 28) text: Aaron hands his beer to Troy and then grabs the Whiskey J holding. Jessica flinches as if afraid Aaron would hit he
124) 31) text: Aaron uses his shirt to vigorously rub the mouth of the b before taking a long pull. The Whiskey is almost gone. Je grabs back the Whiskey, wipes it off as Aaron did, and po off.
124) 40) text: Jessica moves to leave, but Aaron grabs her arm.
124) 43) text: Jessica smashes the bottle over Aaron's head, knocking Aa floor in a daze.
124) 71) text: Aaron sits up against a tree, his hands to his head. Cart to leave. Carlos feels even more ashamed that Carter step did something that Carlos did not have the courage to do
124) 81) text: Jessica winds up and stomps Aaron in the groin.    Aaron pain and doubles over.
124) 90) text: Carter leaves, followed by Berubi.    Jessica watches the turns down to Aaron.
126) 1) text: HEATHER, visibly psychotic, and still very drunk, is maki beeline straight for RJ, who shows no sign of noticing He she is directly in front of him.
127) 34) text: Louie takes a strong pull from the bottle of Jack.
128) 25) text: AARON walks through Carter's front door and steps onto th TROY right behind. Aaron is holding a bag of FROZEN VEGET his head in the area where Jessica hit him with the whisk He spots Carlos and Jessica, and walks deliberately towar
128) 30) text: Carlos swallows his pride, too yellow to push the point. moves toward Jessica very quickly, but a look at the bat holding makes Aaron keep his distance.
128) 54) text: Aaron drops the Frozen Vegetables to the ground and loose pants.
128) 57) text: Aaron lowers the left side of his pants to reveal a scarr which is placed above and to the side of his groin. Jessi closer. Troy, uncomfortable and not wanting to be there, another CIGARETTE.
128) 70) text: Jessica lowers the Bat and walks cautiously up to Aaron. attempts to read the Tattoo, which is difficult because o light and the scarring.
128) 82) text: Jessica laughs as Aaron smiles. Troy is bored. Carlos is miserable. Jessica stands up in front of Aaron, holding t loosely by her side, unsure of what to do. Aaron gently g Jessica around the elbows and pulls her close. He puts hi around her and hugs her loosely.
128) 87) text: Aaron hugs Jessica tightly as she drops the Bat and hugs
129) 5) text: Emily makes for the front door and into the house.
131) 1) text: JESSICA and AARON are leaning against a random partygoer' They look very calm.
131) 20) text: Two POLICE CARS pull onto the lawn to break up the party, flashing their red and blue lights. TROY approaches Jessi Aaron.
136) 4) text: The two officers hasten their actions. Police Officer 1 l Pedro into the Police Car, then moves to the front seat o vehicle and grabs the C.B.
140) 10) text: Police Officer 1 enters the house, passing CARLOS among t making it's way out of the house. He walks across the bac with his KEYS in his hand. He glances down at his shoes a he spots JESSICA, AARON and TROY approaching. JIMMY enter moves across the frame toward his PIECE-OF-SHIT parked in of the back yard.
140) 25) text: Carlos walks off toward his CAR, and Jessica, Aaron and T toward Troy's CAR.
145) 6) text: The Stragglers exit out the front door.
146) 1) text: STRAGGLERS are heading out the front door, joining the ot PARTYGOERS in looking for their cars.
150) 2) text: Through the side window of the Police Car we see JESSICA, TROY and climbing into Troy's CAR. Troy is handing Aaron before climbing into the back seat.
151) 1) text: Aaron is behind the wheel sticking the Keys into the igni Jessica is in the passenger seat looking through her PURS CIGARETTES. Troy sits in the back seat, spent.
151) 10) text: Aaron starts the car as Jessica lights her Cigarette. Wit warning, as Jessica takes a drag, Aaron punches Jessica s the jaw. The lit Cigarette flies out of Jessica's mouth, Jessica falls out of view. Aaron reaches down, grabs the and puts it in his mouth, still angry.