52) 9) text: Jessica looks up to see TROY entering the house with AARO him. TROY is a shaggy, 5'10" pothead slacker in his late wearing beat-up jeans, a t-shirt with a faded logo on it, hair above his lip and on his chin. AARON, a burly mutt, same age and only slightly shorter, wearing cut-off cargo one of the thigh pockets ripped off, a sleeveless shirt a on his left shoulder. Troy notices Jessica immediately.
52) 11) dialog: Holy shit.
52) 16) text: Aaron shoves Troy roughly out of the way as Jessica bolts room.
52) 28) dialog: He's gonna kill her.
53) 24) text: Aaron watches them tear down the street before he about-f walks briskly back toward the house, where Troy is standi front porch watching the action.
68) 1) text: AARON returns from the kitchen drinking from a can of SOD and PITT are on the couch, VIDEO GAME CONTROLLERS in thei waiting for the VIDEO GAME to load. Troy is lighting a CI
68) 5) dialog: I'm not gonna go scouring the countryside lookin' fer her.
68) 18) dialog: No, man, I don't wanna see you hittin' Jess neither.
70) 1) text: Aaron is walking into the kitchen, and although he is fur keeping his voice down so that Pitt and Troy do not hear. and forth between Aaron in his house and Jessica in Carlo
112) 1) text: A dense gathering of PARTYGOERS is packed tight within th of Carter's room, rather small despite being the largest the house. The collection of Partygoers are watching with fervor the basketball game playing from the modest TV in CARTER, BERUBI, AARON and TROY are among the crowd. All t gathered here have an interest in the game, but none as m BUGGERIN' BOBBY BALES, who stands back against the far wa the nobody in the congregation dares venture into his sig the television. Partygoers yell in unison at various even displayed on the screen. The door opens, and Pedro peeks room.
124) 1) text: AARON and TROY step out onto the back porch and spot JESS CARLOS. Upon seeing them, Carlos stands straight up.
124) 5) text: Aaron and Troy approach.    It's clear Troy doesn't reall there.
124) 28) text: Aaron hands his beer to Troy and then grabs the Whiskey J holding. Jessica flinches as if afraid Aaron would hit he
124) 50) dialog: She smashed a whiskey bottle over his head.
124) 56) text: Troy shrugs his shoulders.
124) 58) dialog: I guess so.   It wasn't a big deal.
124) 83) dialog: (in awe of Jessica's ferociousness) Woe, dude.
128) 25) text: AARON walks through Carter's front door and steps onto th TROY right behind. Aaron is holding a bag of FROZEN VEGET his head in the area where Jessica hit him with the whisk He spots Carlos and Jessica, and walks deliberately towar
128) 57) text: Aaron lowers the left side of his pants to reveal a scarr which is placed above and to the side of his groin. Jessi closer. Troy, uncomfortable and not wanting to be there, another CIGARETTE.
128) 69) dialog: (to Jessica) It's your initials.    I told him it was stupid.
128) 82) text: Jessica laughs as Aaron smiles. Troy is bored. Carlos is miserable. Jessica stands up in front of Aaron, holding t loosely by her side, unsure of what to do. Aaron gently g Jessica around the elbows and pulls her close. He puts hi around her and hugs her loosely.
131) 20) text: Two POLICE CARS pull onto the lawn to break up the party, flashing their red and blue lights. TROY approaches Jessi Aaron.
131) 22) dialog: Cops're here. I'm goin'.
140) 10) text: Police Officer 1 enters the house, passing CARLOS among t making it's way out of the house. He walks across the bac with his KEYS in his hand. He glances down at his shoes a he spots JESSICA, AARON and TROY approaching. JIMMY enter moves across the frame toward his PIECE-OF-SHIT parked in of the back yard.
140) 18) dialog: C'mon, let's get outta here.
140) 25) text: Carlos walks off toward his CAR, and Jessica, Aaron and T toward Troy's CAR.
150) 2) text: Through the side window of the Police Car we see JESSICA, TROY and climbing into Troy's CAR. Troy is handing Aaron before climbing into the back seat.
151) 1) text: Aaron is behind the wheel sticking the Keys into the igni Jessica is in the passenger seat looking through her PURS CIGARETTES. Troy sits in the back seat, spent.