0) 0) text: VIDEO FOOTAGE -— Open in a dark hallway. Someone off-camera fusses with th video settings as they walk down a corridor towards a fam gathering. At the center of everyone’s attention we find a girl at f years old. She wears a set of cowboy boots and a red cowb hat. She stretches, practices aerobics. Her hair is tease and wild. Another young girl who looks nearly identical sits off to side. Despite the verbose nature of the text, a NARRATOR speaks over the image in an unaffected tone.
0) 1) dialog: Celeste was born in America in 1986. Considering her parent’s background, education, and socioeconomic status - being on the losing side of “Reaganomics” - the name of Latin origin seemed an especially poetic choice. It carved her out some pre-determined destination; a route which to travel by. She performs a sort of clumsy square dance in front of wh her grandfather and uncle play a duet and sing at a Casio keyboard.
0) 3) dialog: -and many years before CE-LE-STE rolled off the cultural tongue like a principled anecdote one senses they were born knowing; she might not have been described as all that special or conspicuously talented, however, she did possess that proverbial “something” which on occasion captured the attention of her teachers and young peers. 3. A few other family members cheer her on, laughing and gay but CELESTE is lost, staring at her feet trying not to tr in her stiff new boots.
0) 5) dialog: Despite what naysayers or haters later perceived of her ingenuity, she was actually a very savvy businesswoman. In the beginning, she was kind and full of grace, and at least she wrote her own lyrics; no one could take that away from her. The YOUNG GIRL finally acknowledge’s the OFF-CAMERA VOICE Her eyes are blue and piercing. Her expression is possess
0) 9) dialog: She would be 13 going on 14 years old in the year 2000, the dawn of the new millennium.
23) 15) dialog: At the advice of her first ever producer, Celeste would change the lyric from “I” to “we,” and shortly thereafter, the entire country fell into step with her sentiment. (MORE )
23) 17) dialog: It was not her grief anymore, it was their grief; no longer merely her experience, they reclaimed it as their own. We push towards them, they push towards us. NARRATOR (CONT’D) The song would become an anthem for the nation. Simply put, it was a hit.
33) 22) dialog: Following a short visit home with their parents, Celeste’s manager had the girls’ passports expedited and the three of them set flight for an unfamiliar, if not particularly exotic, foreign city where they would go on to have many uniquely first experiences... - The girls arrive at Tor Erik’s studio, THE MANAGER make introductions. - A series of various recording sessions... - THE MANAGER sleeps on a couch. - The sun rises and sets and rises and sets. NARRATOR (CONT’D) Producer, Tor Erik Romstad, was initially skeptical but grew increasingly infatuated with the inseparable sisters; and though he considered himself a beat up old atheist that had been “phoning it in” for some time in the pop music game”, he found the girls’ kind- hearted devotion to God, music, and most importantly, one another, to be altogether inspiring. Over the course of seven weeks, he would turn out some of his career’s most addictive hooks and melodies. - The girls pray before bed in their hotel room. - The girls eat room service. - The girls enter a bar. 36. NARRATOR (CONT’D) So far oblivious to the impending deluge of notoriety these tracks would soon afford her, Celeste primarily enjoyed getting all this one-on-one time with Ellie. She never could have dreamed they would one day casually travel to Europe together, unsupervised and unattended. On weekends, Eleanor enjoyed playing the role of the big sister by taking Celeste around to the nearby bars and local dance clubs. Before the massacre at Ridgewood, Eleanor might never have dared to share these more disgraceful aspects of her recreational appetites with her young sibling, but considering all the suffering Celeste had endured, she was surely old enough now to take part in the more pleasurable parts of adulthood, also. - The girls dance at a club. - The girls ride on the back of two speeding motorbikes. They clutch on to the helmeted young men who drive them. - City lights streak the frame. - The girls fuck two slightly older boys side-by-side on snow mound near a street lamp. - A new angle on CELESTE’s expression under the light NARRATOR (CONT’D) Celeste felt alive, creative, and autonomous - in command of her own destiny.
50) 17) dialog: In 2011, Celeste had drunk herself blind, or more precisely, blind in one eye, but had waited to tell a physician about the trouble she’d been having, too embarrassed to explain that while touring the less inhabited, and therefore less inhibited, parts of the southern United States, she had managed to damage the optic nerve in her left eye by ingesting various forms of methanol during a stint of binge drinking household cleaning products across three state lines. Shortly thereafter, when back at home, she found herself at the center of a very public dispute over a traffic collision and one pedestrian’s crushed left leg and pelvis. The girls continue to walk and comfort each other. NARRATOR (CONT’D) The victim of this short-lived episode in her life saw an opportunity and seized it. That golden ticket came in the form of a nearly seventeen million dollar settlement which was to remain for all intents and purposes, under the table. All just another flame in the crowd of what Celeste perceived a decade-long witch hunt. Whatever it was, Celeste needed something big to pull her out of this mess, a show that could put Ellie, Albertine, and herself back on track. ALBERTINE looks like she’s starting to let CELESTE cheer up. Diegtic sound resumes for a moment...
50) 21) dialog: Albertine had lost her virginity the weekend prior to leaving for this first unveiling of Celeste’s 6th studio recording, Vox Lux, in Atlantic City, and yearned to share the galvanizing details with her mother. She had made herself sick with anticipation every day since and looked forward to the initial shock or sense of failure it might inspire in Celeste whom, albeit, no stranger to crimes of passion in her youth, had always spoken severely of young men; even warning of them more than mixing uppers with downers, for example. The girls turn a corner into the backlot of the hotel whe security stands already anticipating CELESTE’s re-entranc NARRATOR (CONT’D) If all went according to plan, the news might just strike up a long- misplaced maternal instinct and Celeste would be forced to act as her confidant.
65) 28) dialog: Late one night at the hospital, following that fateful morning at Ridgewood, Celeste made a maddening claim that only her sister had ever sensed to be true. She recounted a story to Eleanor that went like this... Shortly after her classmate pulled the trigger and sent her to the place between life and death, a Place that she could only really ever describe to Eleanor as a “rush of color;” she had met the devil and made a deal with him in exchange for her life. He whispered her melodies and she returned with a mission to bring great change to the next century. BEAT. 101. NARRATOR (CONT’D) He said, “shut your eyes and repeat after me.” CELESTE begins to shut her eyes... The NARRATOR speaks now at a very deliberate pace. NARRATOR (CONT’D) One for the money. Two for the show. On three we get ready. And on four - come with me. CELESTE’s expression conveys that though her spirit is exhausted at the peak of its achievement, it really has a been an achievement, nonetheless.