25) 13) dialog: you wanna step out for a moment, get some fresh air?
26) 3) dialog: you okay in there, you in over your head? 24.
26) 5) dialog: remember what I told you at your parent’s place, the first time i saw you? CELESTE blinks, not sure where he’s going with this. THE MANAGER (CONT’D) you just gotta shut your eyes and pretend like you’re in your bedroom. you're just dancing in your bedroom and no one is looking at you. you don’t have a care in the world
26) 7) dialog: (smiles) you gotta tell me if i’m not making sense, okay? you got your head on so straight that half the time i forget you’re a kid. it’s okay if you don’t understand something and you need me to explain, okay?
26) 9) dialog: you gotta tune all these people out and just sing from your gut cause i know you’re trying to help out in there but we only got 45 minutes left or this all gets very expensive. don’t worry yourself too much with the technical stuff anyway because I’1l tell you, those people in there aren’t coming to listen to that fuckin’ bass player riff like he’s Jaco Pastorius. this is your show. remember that and run it, okay? CELESTE blinks.
26) 11) dialog: you ready to head back in?
26) 13) dialog: anything.
26) 15) dialog: yeah, i’m sorry. i wasn’t thinking. i didn’t mean to swear at you. forgive me.
28) 0) text: The girls sit reading a magazine next to THE MANAGER.
28) 6) dialog: she beat me to the punch. MARKETING PR clears her throat.
28) 16) dialog: hey, hey, hey, she’s 14 years old. you don’t need to talk that way to the kid. talk to me that way, not her. MARKETING PR is very firm with THE MANAGER.
28) 21) dialog: less beige.
28) 25) dialog: great, they know what they like.
29) 2) text: We urgently follow THE MANAGER, CELESTE, and ELEANOR.
29) 3) dialog: as your representative, i’d like to express how highly unusual and inappropriate that woman’s conduct was. i had no idea she was going to sit down and give you a list of reasons she’s not to be held accountable if she fails at her job. these sales people; five minutes into a meeting you know they couldn’t sell a life-jacket to natalie wood.
29) 5) dialog: of course you should get your hopes up.
33) 1) dialog: i got a call from that- He whispers the next word. THE MANAGER (CONT’D) (whispers) -bitch- He continues in a normal voice. THE MANAGER (CONT’D) -we met with that you’1l want to know about.
33) 3) dialog: are you gonna let me in?
33) 5) dialog: they shopped it around to radio-
33) 7) dialog: (calm, collected) -and we did it. Please Remember is testing in the mid-nineties.
33) 9) dialog: they did fine i think but we only needed one to work. Beat. THE MANAGER (CONT’D) you don’t seem very excited. 34.
33) 11) dialog: A & Ris gonna send through a list of their acts they think you can open for in the spring.
33) 13) dialog: listen, i’m gonna send you home for a week or two and i want you to rest up cause guess what? i’m taking you to stockholm after the break.
33) 15) dialog: they want enough tracks for an album and i want you working with this guy. the best. you’d know his stuff if you knew he wrote it. he’s written everything - hits - andi told him to make space for you. he said okay if we come to him.
33) 17) dialog: whatever you got that’s half- written, ideas, whatever you got. let's go lay it down. ELEANOR steps out of the bathroom, having washed all her up off.
35) 0) text: CELESTE and ELEANOR are a mess next to THE MANAGER scrunc in the back of a taxi.
35) 1) dialog: i can’t believe this shit.
35) 4) dialog: don’t tell me you’re sorry just don’t. do. it. it’s the same shit with you kids over and over again. your parents trusted me and i take that seriously. ELEANOR smiles. THE MANAGER (CONT’D) are you smiling? don’t smile at me.
35) 6) dialog: i'll stop yelling when you wipe that condescending beam off your face. and guess what? since you both have decided to completely fuck off and do whatever you please with zero consideration for what a terrible position you have put me in - morally, ethically, legally - from now on i veto your request and will swear and curse as much as i please cause i’m not buying this innocent little girl shit you two are selling.
35) 8) dialog: you have roughly 13 hours to get your act together.
35) 10) dialog: i called the room ten times this morning. you're going to la to make a video. CELESTE shoots up in her seat.
37) 0) text: SFX: Hardcore punk music blares in the room downstairs. 39. Backstage area is packed with 20 or so people in a room f for 5. CELESTE, ELEANOR, and the MANAGER are all among th LONG LENS ON -— A lanky, British MUSICIAN, older than CELESTE, excuses himself and walks over to talk to her. They shout to be h over the volume.
46) 0) text: STEADICAM ON — THE MANAGER, older now, even more disheveled, walks brisk down the hall of an upscale hotel. A stylist and a few PA’s exit a room and nod at him as th pass. He turns to look at them keeping up his pace.
46) 1) dialog: where are you going?
46) 3) dialog: is she dressed? 48.
46) 5) dialog: round tables are at 1.
46) 7) dialog: how does she look?
47) 8) dialog: how‘’s it going in here?
47) 10) dialog: great. (Beat) celeste, i need to speak with you before we start today.
47) 12) dialog: it’s better in private.
47) 14) dialog: there’s a- shooting, they think it’s terrorism, in a beach town called brac in croatia. CELESTE turns around in her chair.
47) 16) dialog: no, of course not. don’t worry. i guess there’s not really a lot of information yet but so far twenty people are dead and-
47) 19) dialog: it’s not that.
47) 21) dialog: far as i know, nobody’s claimed responsibility yet but let me finish. CELESTE braces herself.
47) 23) dialog: the attackers were all wearing masks from our One For the Money video. CELESTE furrows her brow.
47) 25) dialog: these guys all came out in masks and started shooting people at a beach resort.
47) 27) dialog: what?
47) 29) dialog: i don’t know, the same ones, i guess. THE MANAGER runs his hands through his hair and shakes it out.
47) 31) dialog: that’s as much as I know. you’re going to get a lot of questions about it today and i want you to be prepared.
47) 34) dialog: we can - but probably not without calling off tonight, as well.
47) 36) dialog: josie thinks it looks bad to avoid it anyway. people are going to be on your side. we just need to face it head-on and be, ya know, astute in our response. we’re making arrangements now to hold a press conference downstairs at 4.
47) 38) dialog: it’ll be 5 minutes. i called josie and told her i need her here with us to prepare a statement. now.
48) 3) dialog: albertine is in the restaurant having lunch. i'm walking you to see them right now.
48) 5) dialog: why would she be mad at you? she’s excited to be here.
48) 7) dialog: do I dare to ask if you’ve heard anything else yet?
48) 11) dialog: the gunmen. JOSIE nods.
48) 13) dialog: given her history, i think we really gotta try and view this as an opportunity to address a few important issues to celeste.
48) 16) dialog: gun violence
48) 18) dialog: don’t be nasty and sarcastic. i’m not trying to gloss over what's happened, celeste. we’re here to protect you from getting hurt by this in any way.
48) 26) dialog: hello.(beat) i know, i didn’t forget but tell him I have to call them back in the morning, my time. She furiously searches for any sign of ALBERTINE.
48) 28) dialog: i don’t know, let me call them. eleanor just said they were “downstairs.” CELESTE spots them off-screen.
48) 37) dialog: (to Albertine) hey, nice seeing you, ladies.
48) 50) dialog: she’ll have her back by 3.30. Then to CELESTE... 57. THE MANAGER (CONT’D) celeste, can you stick around the hotel please? i have to go upstairs and meet josie.
48) 52) dialog: fine. let me call the hotel’s head of security and see if they can pick you up.
48) 54) dialog: across the street? please be back before 3:30. CELESTE throws a friendly arm around Albertine and starts walking her away from ELEANOR and THE MANAGER. NOTE: The following is in one uninterrupted sequence shot until otherwise noted.
52) 2) dialog: you look amazing. keep it simple. you’re gonna do great. He squeezes her shoulders.
54) 2) dialog: are you out of your fucking mind?
54) 4) dialog: we coached you on what to say and you said... the opposite. why the fuck would you start spewing all that weird shit out of your mouth?
54) 6) dialog: i’m pretty certain if i follow, and correct me if i’m wrong, you compared yourself to some sort of a demigod and invited a group of terrorists to your fucking concert tonight.
54) 8) dialog: not exactly how I think our sponsors are going to see it. do you actually believe that weird shit you said up there?
56) 4) text: CELESTE enters to find THE MANAGER and ALBERTINE posed against her suite’s beachfront view in the middle of an embrace. 85.
56) 6) dialog: i came in here and she was crying by herself. she needed a hug. CELESTE speaks only to ALBERTINE.
56) 17) dialog: why aren't you with Josie? CELESTE is almost startled.
56) 20) dialog: christ. i'll go talk her off her a ledge.
56) 23) dialog: you think that’s a good idea right now? 87.
57) 0) text: THE MANAGER exits holding the door open for CELESTE who i some fancy new wardrobe but looks obliterated.
57) 1) dialog: Come on, everyone’s downstairs. CELESTE trips out of the door, falls straight on her face THE MANAGER (CONT’D) (deadpan) You alright?
58) 0) text: CELESTE seems almost dead in the backseat. ELEANOR, ALBERTINE, JOSIE, and THE MANAGER are all there, as well. Suddenly, CELESTE pops up to exclaim...
58) 2) dialog: We’re running late.
63) 11) dialog: she’s fine. (to Celeste) stop with the histrionics, baby. The PA walks ahead trying to make way for them.
63) 18) dialog: don't be a spoiled brat. you’re embarrassing yourself.
63) 25) dialog: don’t feed into this unhealthy behavior, ellie. Then to Celeste, suddenly belligerent... THE MANAGER (CONT’D) i’m sick and i’m tired of you treating us like we’re not a person. how about that? at least everyone is out there talking and worrying about you, spoiled brat. no one will ever drum up a thing to say about the rest of us, spoiled brat, and i don’t sit around whining about it.
63) 27) dialog: seriously, she’ll be fine. she’s riding a bad wave that she’1l eventually come off of. we just need to snap some sense into her Then back to Celeste, he says...
63) 28) dialog: you're in a hole, isn’t that right, cel? CELESTE has ceased to make much sense.
63) 30) dialog: okay, i think you’re really scaring everyone so you gotta just shut your eyes and pretend you’re the only one in the room. can you do that for me?
64) 4) dialog: You look amazing! CELESTE smiles, seems focused, less fucked up than before THE TOUR MANAGER (CONT’D) Are you ready?
64) 6) dialog: Let’s get started. (calls out) Everyone gather round me and Cel, will ya? The band hold hands in a huddle. Her TOUR MANAGER leads a pre-show ritual. 96. THE TOUR MANAGER (CONT’D) I just want wanna say thank you for this beautiful group of talented people. I’d like to take a moment to reflect on the last year and this crew who are like family. None of this would be possible without you. Now, are you psyched for tonight?
64) 8) dialog: Let’s give our girl some love! They start to chant and rap. CELESTE jumps around in the middle of the crew, she playf lunges at them like a prize-fighter. The group chants a melodic mantra, singing “phenomenal” o and over again. After a moment...
64) 13) dialog: Who makes this possible?
64) 15) dialog: Are we be gonna be good?!
64) 17) dialog: Are we gonna be great?! CELESTE is like a new person, completely in her element. 97.
64) 20) dialog: Are we gonna be a-m-a-zing!?
64) 23) dialog: What are we gonna be then?!
64) 25) dialog: So, let us go higher and higher - and higher - and higher - and higher - and higher - and higher - and higher - and higher - and higher, break! She high fives the group breathes heavy, and steps to a platform where stylists put on a few finishing touches to hair and make up. Following the countdown from 10 Celeste is finally elevat to the stage on a lift. CAMERA stays tight on her on her rise up.
65) 26) text: - Drummer, triumphant - Keyboards, triumphant - Violins, triumphant - THE MANAGER watches from the wings, triumphant