6) 0) text: A 1988 AIRSTREAM TRAILER HOME hitched to A CHEVROLET SUV parked in front of the gas station. BIG BOB CARTER, an imposing man in his late fifties, stan outside the vehicle still honking the horn. The trailer home and SUV with the AMERICAN FLAG waving on side, completes the image - Big Bob is an obvious cliche the middle class Republican father with a touch of John Wayne.
6) 1) dialog: where the hell is everybody? I'm gonna... Before he can finish his sentence, the old gas station ma appears.
6) 13) dialog: You know, it's illegal to smoke around a gas station. The old man bursts out in laughter revealing rotten teeth
10) 0) text: In front of the gas station, Lynn leans on the car giving Catherine a bottle. Big Bob opens the hood while the old man continues to fil the tank. At the same time, Doug comes out of the trailer holding h cell phone.
10) 2) dialog: Give. the phone a rest, Bukowski!
10) 6) dialog: Stop being at everyone's beck and call, Bukowski. You're the boss, remember?
13) 12) dialog: Doesn't bother me. I had night patrol for almost fifteen years...
13) 14) dialog: Detective...
13) 16) dialog: I'm starting a private security firm... The old man turns to Doug-
13) 38) dialog: What do -I owe you? The old man looks at the gas pump.
13) 41) dialog: 
15) 0) text: Lynn puts the dog in the trailer where Doug and Bobby are She enters the SUV. Behind the wheel, Big Bob turns aroun one last time before driving off-
15) 1) dialog: Let's go! KNOCK KNOCK The old man knocks on the window. Big Bob ope
15) 5) dialog: I'm fully aware of the driving laws.
15) 7) dialog: Everyone ready?
15) 16) dialog: Thanks for the tip.
20) 14) dialog: 
20) 18) dialog: She remembers...
21) 0) text: The lizard has almost crossed the road when- SHLING!- RAZOR SHARP METAL SPIRES come out of the ground slicing the lizard in two. A trap has been set: a long chain of retractable spikes h emerged across the road. A few seconds later, the SW drives over them at full spee INSTANTLY, THE TIRES EXPLODE. Big Bob loses control of the vehicle. The car rolls on the rims causing the trailer to almost f over. Inside, Doug loses his grip and is thrown against the sid the trailer. On the road, the spikes retract, disappearing into the ground.
22) 24) dialog: 
22) 35) dialog: The damn axel is broken...
22) 37) dialog: With what? The frame is completely twisted... Give me your phone, I'm gonna call a tow truck...
22) 40) dialog: That old thing? Give it a try, but this is mining country. Whatever metal is left in those hills will probably scramble the signal...
22) 43) dialog: We're going to walk, that's what...
22) 46) dialog: (cutting him off) So we wait here for someone to drive by? Have you seen a car in the last three hours?!
23) 12) dialog: (with a big smile) I'd like to see how they stack up against this... Ethel brings her husband's jacket and helps him put it on
23) 14) dialog: (loading his weapon) I'll take my bullets over your prayers any day.
23) 27) dialog: Leave him alone son. Doug is a liberal, he wouldn't touch a gun... Obviously, the two men disagree. Behind the trailer, Brenda sits on a lounge chair in her revealing a sexy body. She applies suntan lotion ready to kill some time. Behind her sunglasses, she observes the silent desert looking like Paris Hilton. Lynn exits the trailer and joins her.
25) 0) text: Outside, Doug and Big Bob look at the road map laid out o the ground.
25) 3) dialog: It's always good to be prepared. Right?
25) 12) dialog: We've only got two and it's better if you guys have one here. You never know.
25) 14) dialog: If you don't find any help in six or seven miles come back. I'll go to the gas station...
25) 16) dialog: It's only about ten miles from here. I'll borrow that crazy old man's truck and use his phone if he has one... Don't worry... I'll be back with a tow truck before nightfall.
25) 18) dialog: No. Stay here with your mother and sisters.
36) 0) text: Clouds pass, revealing an almost full moon. Wind blows ar the dark gas station. Between the broken-down cars, we see Big Bob approaching the road. A rusty tea pot sits on a pile of trash and whistles in t wind. By placing his hand on the spout, Big Bob stops the whistling and silence returns. Whistling. Silence. Whistling. Big Bob walks to the porch.
36) 1) dialog: 
37) 0) text: Holding his gun, Big Bob steps into the empty gas station store. A faint light comes from the back room. The wind b dust through the broken windows... Vigilantly, he moves through the empty shelves, behind th counter and past the beaded curtain separating the two ro The light bulb above the dining table is on.
37) 1) dialog: Somebody home? Hello? Big Bob pushes the last door leading to the back room. His hand feels for the light switch. CLICK - an old lamp comes on in the corner. He finds a wall mounted phone and picks up the receiver. No tone.
38) 0) text: Big Bob slams the door, starts the engine and turns on th headlights. The headlights shine on the outhouse. The wooden outhouse door slams back and forth in the wind Something blocks it from shutting completely-
38) 12) dialog: 
38) 26) dialog: 
38) 38) dialog: Who's there?
38) 40) dialog: Who's there? Show yourself! The voices become louder and louder, omnipresent.
41) 0) text: Bloodied and screaming, Big Bob is dragged out of the car the dirt to the entrance of the old mine behind the gas station. Big Bob disappears inside. The night is once aga calm and silent. FADE TO BLACK.
63) 0) text: Big Bob screams as the flames devour his naked flesh. His fingers tighten. His bloodied face distorts with pain Even his eyes are burnt. Considering the condition of his body, it's a miracle he's still alive... Doug arrives with the extinguisher and begins putting out fire under Ethel's horrified, watchful eye.
66) 0) text: The flames have been replaced by white smoke. Doug unties Big Bob. His body falls motionless to the gro COMPLETELY CARBONIZED, HE HAS STOPPED BREATHING. Smoke comes out of his mouth. Doug uses the blanket to extinguish the last flames. Behind Doug, Ethel looks at her husband refusing to accep the truth.
75) 0) text: At the foot of the burnt tree, Big Bob's body is laid out some rocks, the blanket over his face. A few figures emerge out of the darkness and gather aroun the body like a pack of hyenas. BIG BOB IS DRAGGED AWAY THROUGH THE DUST...
92) 10) text: Doug stops crying_instantly, it was a trick! He turns the screwdriver around and slams it into Pluto's foot. The screwdriver goes through the shoe nailing Pluto to th floor. Pluto screams in pain. Doug rises and moves behind him. In a swift movement, Dou takes the American flag from Big Bob's forehead, stabbing Pluto in the back of the neck!