8) 0) text: In the back seat, BRENDA, 17, sleeps against the window. A twig tickles her nose. Without opening her eyes, the young girl slaps her face a chase away a fly. But the twig persists - It's her little brother, BOBBY, 15, teasing her. Linkin P blasts through his iPod. Lynn knocks on the window, interrupting his little game.
8) 9) dialog: Wake up, lard ass.
9) 3) dialog: You two make a perfect pair. Bobby turns to a rusty car and unzips to urinate.
9) 5) dialog: Why not?
9) 8) dialog: God, what do you care? Bobby re-zips and heads towards the small wooden outhouse while Brenda plays with the baby pig.
11) 0) text: While they are talking outside, a DEFORMED HAND slides in the back window of the SUV. A HAND WITH ONLY THREE STRANGELY PROPORTIONED FINGERS. It moves slowly, snatching BOBBY'S HOODED SWEATER from th back seat.
12) 0) text: Rays of light pass through the wooden planks. The outhouse is so dirty that Bobby is forced to hold his breath... An EYE peeks between the wooden planks!
12) 1) dialog: 
12) 2) dialog: What the hell Brenda! The eye goes away... He re-zips looking outside. Nobody. When he exits, Brenda appears on the other side.
12) 3) dialog: Freak. She looks at him slightly confused...
15) 0) text: Lynn puts the dog in the trailer where Doug and Bobby are She enters the SUV. Behind the wheel, Big Bob turns aroun one last time before driving off-
18) 0) text: We see the scenery through the window blinds. On a wall, photographs of other Carter vacations are reminders of the good times spent in the trailer home. The thermometer reads above 100 degrees. Sweating, Doug h on while the camper bounces over the rough road. Bobby works on the A/C. He has removed the face plate and tries to fix the motor with the screwdriver.
18) 2) dialog: 
18) 4) dialog: It was nothing... The thermostat was disconnected. He turns to Doug.
18) 6) dialog: I don't know.
18) 15) dialog: I thought you stopped smoking?
18) 19) dialog: 
18) 24) dialog: (after a pause) It's cool that you came with us. It's a drag when it's just us and our parents...
22) 2) dialog: Don't worry, we're fine.
22) 10) dialog: Holy shit!
23) 0) text: A hundred yards away, Bobby has come to retrieve the dogs Beauty and Beast have stopped below a boulder extending twenty feet high. They bark and growl towards the top.
23) 10) dialog: I saw a documentary on The Discovery channel about desert snakes. If you get bit, you'll die in twenty minutes. Big Bob reaches into the glove compartment pulling out a and an extra clip. He hands it to his son.
23) 11) dialog: .or was it five? Bobby grabs the firearm pointing it to the desert. Big Bob grabs another gun from the car, A 44 CHROME PLATE MAGNUM.
23) 15) dialog: You think we'll see scorpions and coyotes? Big.Bob grabs his son by the shoulders, proud. They look two kids getting ready to play Cowboys and Indians. Bobby calls out to Doug, offering the gun-
23) 16) dialog: Hey Doug, wanna try?
23) 26) dialog: Come on, just one shot, it makes you feel kinda powerful. Big Bob answers for Doug-
25) 17) dialog: Can I go with Doug?
28) 23) dialog: Has anybody seen my grey sweatshirt? It was in the car. I've looked everywhere.
28) 34) dialog: 
28) 39) dialog: Brenda, the dogs! Too late. Beauty runs out in the direction of the hills Bobby drops his plate and gives chase.
28) 40) dialog: DamГ‚Вўnit, Brenda! Beauty! Worried, Ethel watches her son distance himself from the camper.
29) 0) text: Beauty escapes to the hills. Bobby runs as fast as he can but cannot keep up. The dog further and further away, climbing up the side of the mountain. Beauty moves through the first series of rocks. Bobby los sight of her and stops. Out of breath, he hesitates- Ahead, the rocky horizon shows no indication of a definit path. He spots Beauty climbing between some rocks and continues chase.
29) 1) dialog: 
29) 3) dialog: 
31) 0) text: Back on a threatening mound of rocks. Bobby must decide- Return to his family waiting by the trailer or continue h search for Beauty? Bobby hesitates, then gathers his courage and decides to confront the hills. Jagged rock after jagged rock, Bobby slowly climbs toward the summit.
32) 1) dialog: Beauty? Beauty? Bobby moves cautiously. He picks up a big stone for protection- A dangerous animal could be hiding behind any corner. A SHADOW PASSES BEHIND HIM.. Bobby doesn't notice. Anaaaaaau - A swift sound of breathing breaks the silence Bobby spins around, ready to strike.
32) 9) dialog: Beauty? Bobby is ready to give up when something attracts his
32) 12) dialog: Don't... Don't be scared. I won't hurt you... What are you doing here? The girl keeps silent. Bobby drops the stone to the groun but the young girl remains suspicious.
32) 13) dialog: So you're the one who took my sweatshirt? Where did you find it? The young girl smiles shyly. The ice is broken.
32) 14) dialog: What's your name? The young girl hesitates and murmurs in a frail voice.
32) 23) dialog: What are you doing here Ruby? Where are your parents? My family needs help. We had an accident. Ruby repeats her name mechanically as if she doesn't understand the questions.
32) 25) dialog: I heard you, Ruby... Are you here alone? Ruby won't answer.
32) 26) dialog: Ruby... I'm looking for my dog... Do you understand? My dog... her name is Beauty... She's a German Shepherd, about this high...
32) 28) dialog: That's right, have you seen her?
32) 30) dialog: Have you seen her? Ruby looks down. She knows something.
32) 31) dialog: Look at me, Ruby... Look at me... Where did you see my dog? Ruby keeps looking to the ground. Bobby reaches under her chin to raise her head. Instinctively, Ruby SCREAMS as she backs off, lifting her hands to protect herself.
32) 41) dialog: What? I can't understand. What are you saying? He comes closer trying to make eye contact as she continu to murmur the same thing. She too is terrified-
32) 44) dialog: Ruby, come back! Once more, Bobby is alone in the labyrinth. On the other side, he finds a trail of blood as if a body been dragged on the rocks. The bloody trail is still fresh and disappears behind ano set of rocks a few feet away. Bobby hesitates, unsure of what he might find... As soon as he's around the outcropping to the other side Bobby sees something that stops him dead in his tracks. Before him, on the ground, is Beauty. Dead. Disemboweled. Bobby drops to his knees, disbelieving, his face turning white. He touches the animal's head as if to convince him that this nightmare can't be possible at all. Beauty's fa is locked in a grimace of horrible pain and shock. And... animal is missing its front right leg. DRIP... DRIP... DRIP... DROPS OF BLOOD fall on Bobby's ha ABOVE HIM, PERCHED ON A ROCK, A FIGURE OBSERVES HIM. A ma with an impressive build crouches like a monkey. He wears clothes covered with dust, and a DERBY HAT on his head. Binoculars hang around his neck.
33) 0) text: Moving at top speed, Bobby descends from the hills, occasionally glancing behind him. He jumps from one rock to the next. Anything to get out o this hellhole. He turns around one too many times and fails to see the s precipice ahead. He tries to stop, but it's too late. Bobby slides down a few feet before grabbing hold of a protruding rock. The rock tears his skin. Bobby tries to climb back up, losing his grip. He falls. His head hits the bottom. He loses consciousness. Behind him a RATTLESNAKE slithers rattling its tail. The snake zips its tongue around his face when -
35) 2) dialog: Inside the camper, Ethel watches the sun set in the horiz She cradles the baby in her arms. Brenda joins Lynn and throws some firewood into the flame
45) 6) dialog: With a flashlight in one hand, the gun in the other, and blanket over her shoulders, Brenda moves through the nigh
45) 8) dialog: She hears her older sister calling.
45) 12) dialog: 
46) 0) text: We fly over the hills before stopping over Bobby's unconscious body laid out between two rocks. Ruby is still at his side, observing him silently. She hears Brenda's calls and runs away.
48) 0) text: Inside the trailer- The first aid kit is open on the table. Even with a blank around his shoulders, Bobby shivers. Ethel soaks cotton in alcohol using it to clean his wound
48) 3) dialog: Have you tried the radio?
48) 6) dialog: What do you mean?
48) 19) dialog: (to the others) Ssshhhh... His mother and two sisters are surprised by his agitated behavior.
48) 21) dialog: (stern but soft) I want you guys to stay in here. Brenda?! You hear me? Gun in hand, he opens the door- Bobby is about to shoot when a figure emerges from the da IT'S DOUG, holding as much as he could carry from the car graveyard.
48) 23) dialog: I didn't know it was you.
50) 0) text: From outside we see Doug and Lynn finishing dinner while Brenda clears the table. Doug holds Catherine on his knees. Outside, Bobby stands guard with the gun. His mother come out.
50) 3) dialog: Nothing, Mom.
50) 5) dialog: I'll feel a lot better when dad gets back.
51) 0) text: Bobby double bolts the lock on the door. Behind him, Lynn comes out of the bathroom, while Doug has just changed Catherine.
51) 2) dialog: 
51) 5) dialog: We can squeeze in here. You'll be more comfortable.
51) 7) dialog: 
51) 24) dialog: What?
51) 26) dialog: 
55) 0) text: Brenda rests on her bed. Exhausted, she turns off the bed lamp,. and slides under the sheets. She falls asleep list to the music. In the other room of the trailer, Bobby's watch reads 11:45pm. Bobby is restless. He doesn't know what to do. A few feet away, Ethel sleeps on the couch. Suddenly, Bobby hears barking in the distance.
55) 1) dialog: Beast?! He grabs the gun and exits the trailer, leaving the door open.
56) 0) text: Bobby moves into the night. Beast is still barking somewh in the dark. As he passes the SUV, he overhears the moaning and heavy breathing coming from inside. His flashlight moves over the desert terrain and the occasional bush. He calls out to his dog, trying not to w anyone.
56) 8) dialog: Beast? Come on, boy. You hear me! Come on now. Bobby moves further from the trailer towards the barking.
56) 11) dialog: Beast? Beast? Its me. Come on... All of a sudden the growling becomes a "mooing" cow. Then a goat. Then a chicken. Terrified, Bobby turns around and runs back toward the SU
58) 0) text: Panting and panicked, Bobby knocks on the SUV's tailgate window, interrupting Lynn and Doug.
58) 1) dialog: Doug! Doug! Caught red-handed, Lynn dresses and Doug pulls up his pan
58) 11) dialog: Come on, open up! Lynn opens the back window giving him a dirty look.
58) 13) dialog: Something's going on around here. We're not alone. Exasperated, Lynn takes a deep breath, not taking him seriously.
58) 14) dialog: I know this sounds weird, but there are people living in those hills.
58) 16) dialog: I saw them. And Beauty...
58) 18) dialog: They cut out her insides.
58) 20) dialog: Her guts were all over the place... He struggles to talk.
58) 28) dialog: I...I didn't want to scare you so I didn't say anything, but something's going on... You even said you heard some breathing on the radio didn't you? Lynn nods.
58) 29) dialog: We're not alone, I'm telling you... Doug exits the car. Obviously, Bobby is not kidding.
59) 0) text: From the window, we can see Bobby and Doug walking to the trailer. In the back room, Pluto hears them, grabs his walkie-talk
60) 0) text: AT THAT MOMENT, an explosion takes place a few hundred ya away from the trailer. The flames climb into the air lighting the surrounding ro desert. SOMEONE SCREAMS. Doug and Bobby turn around.
66) 14) dialog: I'm gonna take care of the motherfuckers!
69) 0) text: From far away, Bobby hears the gunshot. He quickly turns around to help his family.
71) 0) text: Alarmed by the gunfire, Doug gets up and looks at the tra in the distance. He doesn't know what to do. Bobby appears behind him-
71) 1) dialog: Come on Doug! They're in the trailer-! They both take off running.
73) 0) text: Brenda is pulled out by Lizard. When he sees Bobby and Doug approaching, Lizard changes h
77) 0) text: Laid out on the couch, Ethel agonizes between life and de Brenda stares into space, saying nothing. Doug touches he head as he passes. Instinctively, she backs off terrified Across the trailer, Bobby paces back and forth.
77) 1) dialog: 
77) 3) dialog: Doug! Doug does not answer and takes Ethel's hand. She opens he eyes and looks at him as if nothing happened.
77) 29) dialog: 
77) 34) dialog: Fine. You stay here. I'm going after them. Doug gets between Bobby and the door, preventing the kid leaving.
77) 35) dialog: Let me go!
77) 37) dialog: I don't care. Doug drags him in front of his mother's body.
77) 40) dialog: Think about what? They have Catherine, Doug... Doug remains silent...
77) 48) dialog: THEY HAVE CATHERINE... You know what they could to do to her, and you're not going to stop them?! You're just a coward... Doug jumps back on Bobby grabbing him by the collar.
77) 70) text: Get ready Bobby.. Doug opens the door and jumps out ready to fight. From beneath the trailer, someone observes him... Doug bends down and discovers- GOGGLE'S SEVERED ARM. In its hand, the walkie-talkie stil works.
77) 72) text: Beast! The dog jumps into Doug's arms and begins licking his fac Bobby can't believe it, his dog has returned. Radio static comes back on the walkie. Bobby picks it up-
77) 85) text: How much ammo do you have left? BOBBY
78) 2) text: Mayday... Mayday... We need help ..Mayday... Mayday... can anybody hear me? Something has gone off in her eyes. She is absent, no lon living, just surviving. Doug is about to leave, taking with him anything from the trailer which might be useful. BASEBALL BAT, FLASHLIGHT, PHILLIPS SCREWDRIVER... BOBBY
78) 5) text: Mayday...mayday... Can anybody hear me? DOUG (TO BOBBY)
78) 6) text: The sun'll be up soon. One of them is hurt, I'm going to follow his trail through the hills. Bobby pulls out the 9mm gun and hands it to him. DOUG (CONT'D)
78) 7) text: No. You keep it in case they come back. BOBBY
78) 9) text: Don't worry about me, I'll take Beast. Beast sits at his feet ready to go. Doug straps the walki talkie over his shoulder. BOBBY
78) 12) text: Yes? BOBBY
80) 2) text: (Into the walkie) Bobby? Bobby? You read me?
80) 7) text: Bobby? BOBBY
81) 9) text: .Bobby, Bobby, it's Doug... I can't believe it! I found a street and some houses. Maybe somebody does live here... The radio remains silent. (CONTINUED)    
81) 11) text: Bobby, do you hear me? Bobby? Still nothing. Doug turns around and looks up- A wall of rock towers behind him. He tries one last time, but the signal won't go through.
83) 1) text: Maybe somebody heard our calls.. BOBBY
83) 2) text: Nobody's going to find us Brenda, even with that smoke...Nobody's coming._.. You heard what Doug said-We're alone now, just you and me. Let them come, I'm waiting for them. Now, Bobby stretches the nylon wire from the fishing pole around each stake. He sets the fishing pole next to the trailer, rigging to it one of Catherine's TOY SHAKERS- An improvised alarm system.
93) 0) text: The back door to the SUV opens, revealing Bobby and Brend carrying Lynn's body inside where Ethel's body has been moved. Not far from the car and above the fishing pole, Catherin shaker remains still and silent...
104) 2) text: Sweating, Bobby joins his sister hidden behind the SW. Wi the 9mm in hand, staring at the horizon, he is ready to f the enemy. Above the fishing pole, Catherine's shaker is still. Gust of wind blow on the eerily silent plains. Suddenly, in a flash, the fishing line tightens and THE SHAKER MOVES AROUND, MAKING NOISE. Then, quiet returns as if nothing had ever happened. Brenda is terrified. Maybe someone has crossed their zone security. Bobby Lifts his head and looks a full 360Г‚В°- NOTHING. Bobby and Brenda exchange worried glances when-
104) 5) text: I don't.see anybody... What's happening? Bobby and Brenda leave their hiding place. They move, bac back, cautious... BRENDA (CONT'D)
104) 6) text: answer me, why isn't anyone there? I'm scared... BOBBY (LOW VOICE)
104) 11) text: It's PAPA JUPITER. His long hair and thick beard cover everything except his determined and PSYCHOPATHIC EYES. Bobby and Brenda have arrived at the end of their securit zone... BRENDA
104) 13) text: Let's go back... Not convinced, Bobby agrees, but his face freezes when he turns back to see- THE BACK DOOR OF THE SUV, WIDE OPEN. At a loss, Bobby and Brenda return.
104) 15) text: What happened? What happened Bobby? Where's mom? A trail of blood leads from the trailer to somewhere behi some rocks. BOBBY (TO BRENDA)
104) 16) text: He's over there. Get the trailer ready.._ The new "visitor" has brought the nightmare back to life Brenda's eyes. She's paralyzed. BOBBY (CONT'D)
104) 17) text: Brenda? Come on? Brenda remains still. BOBBY (CONT'D)
106) 0) text: What Bobby discovers behind the rocks is beyond horrific- Kneeling next to his mother's corpse, Papa Jupiter devour her heart, tearing into it with his teeth. FEELING BOBBY'
108) 0) text: .Outside, Bobby throws the gun and runs to the trailer as as he can. _ Papa Jupiter is right behind him. He takes a SMALL PICKAXE from his belt and throws it at Bobby.
109) 0) text: Bobby enters the trailer, closing the door behind him. He quickly tapes matches at the bottom of the door, right ab the striking part of the matchbox on the floor. Next to him, the propane flows freely.    
112) 0) text: One of the FAMILY PHOTOS of the carters posing with their dogs is slowly burning away in the flames. Pieces of the trailer still burn in the middle of the des Surrounded by debris, Papa Jupiter's body is impaled.on a darkened metal siding. Still alive but entirely burnt, hi skin is raw and unrecognizable. With every breath, blood spits from his mouth... Facing this post atomic creature, Bobby hesitates to take out of its misery. Brenda comes to his side- (CONTINUED)    
112) 2) text: Come on, Bobby. Let's get out of here... Bobby's face has changed. He is no longer the innocent ki just a few hours ago. His eyes are now filled with rage a determination to survive and succeed no matter what. Brenda and Bobby walk away from the burning trailer. On t other side of the smoke, they see-
113) 0) text: From a distance, next to the fiery trailer, we see Doug, Brenda, and Bobby gathered around the baby. Reunited agai