8) 0) text: In the back seat, BRENDA, 17, sleeps against the window. A twig tickles her nose. Without opening her eyes, the young girl slaps her face a chase away a fly. But the twig persists - It's her little brother, BOBBY, 15, teasing her. Linkin P blasts through his iPod. Lynn knocks on the window, interrupting his little game.
9) 0) text: Behind the gas station, Brenda plays with AN ALBINO PIGLE tied to a rope.
9) 1) dialog: Bobby, come look at this. Bobby joins her.
9) 2) dialog: (holding the animal) Oh my god! Poor thing.
9) 4) dialog: Don't pee there...
9) 6) dialog: (pointing to a small
9) 9) dialog: Piggy, piggy, piggy... SOMEONE OBSERVES HER FROM THE CORNER OF THE HOUSE.
12) 4) dialog: What?
17) 0) text: POV through binoculars from the hilltops. The binoculars pan across the deserted terrain before stopping on the Carter vehicle, a tiny dot at the end of road. The car and trailer approach. Off screen, we hear ANIMALISTIC BREATHING behind the binoculars. The SUV turns off the main road onto a dirt trail. We see Brenda lifting the gate and allowing the vehicles to acce the path, unaware of the danger lurking about. Brenda gets back in the SUV. It pulls the trailer on the road towards the hills.
19) 12) dialog: Neither do we, Dad. On the road, the Lizard continues carving a dusty path.
20) 2) dialog: 
20) 13) dialog: You grew up in the 60's. How can you be so uptight?! Still driving, Big Bob turns to his daughters-
23) 29) dialog: 
23) 32) dialog: I don't care what they say, next year, I'm going to Cancun with my friends. No more "family trips" for me...
23) 34) dialog: C'mon, with all the money your husband makes, you could at least buy me a plane ticket.
23) 43) dialog: Don't you think? Please, for your poor little sister... Doug's voice interrupts.
23) 45) dialog: (imitating her sister) "Right away, honey..." Without turning around, Lynn gives her sister the finger. Brenda smiles with satisfaction.
25) 20) dialog: Yeah, right. Ethel remains silent and worried.
25) 29) dialog: Oh please!
25) 31) dialog: 
28) 4) dialog: I can already see the headlines: "Family found dead in New Mexico desert."
28) 6) dialog: I think it stinks.
28) 15) dialog: Anything's better than Cleveland!
28) 19) dialog: If we had just stayed on the main road we'd already be in California...
28) 21) dialog: The beach...
28) 24) dialog: I didn't touch your smelly sweatshirt. Beast has been pulling on his chain nonstop, while Beauty cries softly from inside the trailer.
28) 38) dialog: That makes one of us. They glare at her as she opens the door.
35) 0) text: It's getting colder. Lynn warms her hands at a fire in front of the trailer. A few feet away, Brenda collects firewood while calling o her brother's name...
35) 1) dialog: 
35) 3) dialog: (looking at the hills) We should've gone looking for him when it was still light out. I'm nervous.
35) 5) dialog: What if he doesn't come back? Maybe he's hurt. Maybe there was an accident...
35) 15) dialog: Bobby was only wearing a t-shirt when he left.
45) 4) dialog: In the distance, we see Brenda looking for her brother.
45) 5) dialog: 
45) 7) dialog: 
45) 10) dialog: I'm here! I'll be back in a minute. The flashlight partially lights the desert as she disappe into the night.
45) 11) dialog: 
46) 0) text: We fly over the hills before stopping over Bobby's unconscious body laid out between two rocks. Ruby is still at his side, observing him silently. She hears Brenda's calls and runs away.
48) 2) dialog: Don't worry, Beauty will come back when she's hungry... Bobby doesn't answer. He keeps the truth to himself, not wanting to worry his family.
48) 17) dialog: 
48) 20) dialog: What's wrong with you? Footsteps. Someone approaches.
48) 32) dialog: Doug's back!
50) 0) text: From outside we see Doug and Lynn finishing dinner while Brenda clears the table. Doug holds Catherine on his knees. Outside, Bobby stands guard with the gun. His mother come out.
51) 23) dialog: Can I listen to your iPod? Bobby is still focused on the door.
51) 25) dialog: Can I borrow your iPod?
52) 0) text: In between some bushes, we see the Carter trailer home isolated in the desert under the starlit sky. Backlit in window, Brenda dances... Next to the trailer home, the SUV-
55) 0) text: Brenda rests on her bed. Exhausted, she turns off the bed lamp,. and slides under the sheets. She falls asleep list to the music. In the other room of the trailer, Bobby's watch reads 11:45pm. Bobby is restless. He doesn't know what to do. A few feet away, Ethel sleeps on the couch. Suddenly, Bobby hears barking in the distance.
57) 0) text: In the living room, Ethel sleeps. At the other end, Brenda turns under the sheets. The mute bass coming from the iPod drums on in the background.
61) 0) text: Doug runs into the trailer grabbing a fire extinguisher a some blankets. In the panic, he fails to see Brenda restrained by Pluto.
65) 0) text: Brenda's muted screams are heard from inside the trailer.
67) 0) text: Returning to the trailer, Lynn struggles to restrain Ethe Ethel finally realizes it's too late for her husband and collapses into her daughter's arms. Just then, a muffled scream from Brenda pierces the night
68) 0) text: Bursting into the trailer, Lynn stops on a dime when she Lizard, in Ethel's clothes, holding the baby. Behind him, Pluto restrains Brenda. Lizard walks up with the baby.
70) 0) text: In the trailer home, Brenda takes advantage of the confus to get away from Pluto and grabs the Phillips screwdriver from beneath the sleeper. Brenda slides the screwdriver to Lynn who raises it and i about to strike when- BANG! - Lynn is shot in the chest. Lizard turns to Brenda and aims at her head. He is about to shoot when Lynn, with her last breath-
72) 0) text: Witness to the slaughter, Brenda is petrified with fear. Lizard pulls out the screwdriver and stands with difficul He picks up the baby and hands it to Pluto.
73) 0) text: Brenda is pulled out by Lizard. When he sees Bobby and Doug approaching, Lizard changes h
73) 2) text: Brenda is wide eyed. Without hesitating, Lizard pulls the
77) 0) text: Laid out on the couch, Ethel agonizes between life and de Brenda stares into space, saying nothing. Doug touches he head as he passes. Instinctively, she backs off terrified Across the trailer, Bobby paces back and forth.
77) 54) dialog: No.. No... don't turn it off!
77) 57) dialog: 
78) 0) text: Brenda sits by the C/B and retries the SOS calls. (CONTINUED)    
78) 4) text: No, you stay here with your sister and stay by the radio. Somebody's bound to hear us. Brenda continues her distress call. BRENDA
83) 0) text: Brenda drags one of the tires from the SUV 30 feet away. She douses it with lighter fluid and- Whoosh! - a match sets it on fire creating a thick, black smoke signal. Brenda joins her brother who is busy planting wooden stak in a circle fifty meters around the trailer. BRENDA
83) 2) text: Nobody's going to find us Brenda, even with that smoke...Nobody's coming._.. You heard what Doug said-We're alone now, just you and me. Let them come, I'm waiting for them. Now, Bobby stretches the nylon wire from the fishing pole around each stake. He sets the fishing pole next to the trailer, rigging to it one of Catherine's TOY SHAKERS- An improvised alarm system.
104) 2) text: Sweating, Bobby joins his sister hidden behind the SW. Wi the 9mm in hand, staring at the horizon, he is ready to f the enemy. Above the fishing pole, Catherine's shaker is still. Gust of wind blow on the eerily silent plains. Suddenly, in a flash, the fishing line tightens and THE SHAKER MOVES AROUND, MAKING NOISE. Then, quiet returns as if nothing had ever happened. Brenda is terrified. Maybe someone has crossed their zone security. Bobby Lifts his head and looks a full 360Г‚В°- NOTHING. Bobby and Brenda exchange worried glances when-
104) 5) text: I don't.see anybody... What's happening? Bobby and Brenda leave their hiding place. They move, bac back, cautious... BRENDA (CONT'D)
104) 7) text: Stay close Brenda. From inside the SW, we see the two adolescents getting further away when-
104) 11) text: It's PAPA JUPITER. His long hair and thick beard cover everything except his determined and PSYCHOPATHIC EYES. Bobby and Brenda have arrived at the end of their securit zone... BRENDA
104) 12) text: Look! Further ahead, on the ground, a tumbleweed is stuck on th fishing wire, moving it in the wind. BRENDA (CONT'D)
104) 13) text: Let's go back... Not convinced, Bobby agrees, but his face freezes when he turns back to see- THE BACK DOOR OF THE SUV, WIDE OPEN. At a loss, Bobby and Brenda return.
104) 15) text: What happened? What happened Bobby? Where's mom? A trail of blood leads from the trailer to somewhere behi some rocks. BOBBY (TO BRENDA)
104) 16) text: He's over there. Get the trailer ready.._ The new "visitor" has brought the nightmare back to life Brenda's eyes. She's paralyzed. BOBBY (CONT'D)
104) 17) text: Brenda? Come on? Brenda remains still. BOBBY (CONT'D)
104) 18) dialog: Terrorized, Brenda backs up to the trailer, while her brother, with a determined look on his face, walks to the hills.    
105) 0) text: Brenda returns to the trailer where two propane tanks hav been brought out from under the sink. Through the window, she watches her brother get further o
107) 0) text: Brenda opens the valves to the gas tanks.
110) 0) text: Behind the trailer, Brenda helps her brother squeeze out the back window. They both run and hide behind a rock. At the same time, Papa Jupiter stands in front of the tra door, relishing the idea that his victims are inside. He opens the door. The matches strike- PAPA JUPITER IS ENGULFED IN THE FLAMES.
112) 0) text: One of the FAMILY PHOTOS of the carters posing with their dogs is slowly burning away in the flames. Pieces of the trailer still burn in the middle of the des Surrounded by debris, Papa Jupiter's body is impaled.on a darkened metal siding. Still alive but entirely burnt, hi skin is raw and unrecognizable. With every breath, blood spits from his mouth... Facing this post atomic creature, Bobby hesitates to take out of its misery. Brenda comes to his side- (CONTINUED)    
112) 2) text: Come on, Bobby. Let's get out of here... Bobby's face has changed. He is no longer the innocent ki just a few hours ago. His eyes are now filled with rage a determination to survive and succeed no matter what. Brenda and Bobby walk away from the burning trailer. On t other side of the smoke, they see-
113) 0) text: From a distance, next to the fiery trailer, we see Doug, Brenda, and Bobby gathered around the baby. Reunited agai