7) 0) text: Inside the trailer home, DOUG BUKOWSKI, 32, Lynn's husban tries to fix the broken A/C. His glasses and white oxford shirt drenched in sweat, Dou totally out of his element. This is a guy who has never b out of the city. Using a Phillips screwdriver, he forcibly removes the fro grill to access the mechanism. The heat and incessant BARKING wear on Doug's nerves.
7) 1) dialog: Piece of shit! Why couldn't we fly like normal people?
7) 3) dialog: Please, your parents can't stand me.
7) 12) dialog: We could have taken them on a cruise.
7) 14) dialog: What's that supposed to mean?
7) 16) dialog: Maybe I shouldn't have even come.
7) 18) dialog: 
10) 0) text: In front of the gas station, Lynn leans on the car giving Catherine a bottle. Big Bob opens the hood while the old man continues to fil the tank. At the same time, Doug comes out of the trailer holding h cell phone.
10) 1) dialog: (to the old man) Excuse me sir, do you have a phone I can use? I can't get a signal around here and... Big Bob interrupts.
10) 3) dialog: Sorry Bob, "duty calls"...
10) 5) dialog: This is why I don't go on vacation. They're lost without me.
13) 0) text: Doug sits on the porch giving the baby her bottle. The old gas station attendant checks the oil and the wate ,Ethel joins him, holding a road map.
13) 18) dialog: Who me? No way. I'm in telecommunications. A beat.
13) 27) dialog: Everybody's gotta have a cell phone...
13) 29) dialog: No kidding... As the old man closes the hood, a familiar sound returns-
13) 40) dialog: Let me pay, Bob.
13) 43) dialog: That's not what I meant...
15) 0) text: Lynn puts the dog in the trailer where Doug and Bobby are She enters the SUV. Behind the wheel, Big Bob turns aroun one last time before driving off-
18) 0) text: We see the scenery through the window blinds. On a wall, photographs of other Carter vacations are reminders of the good times spent in the trailer home. The thermometer reads above 100 degrees. Sweating, Doug h on while the camper bounces over the rough road. Bobby works on the A/C. He has removed the face plate and tries to fix the motor with the screwdriver.
18) 1) dialog: (cleaning his glasses) I tried for an hour but I couldn't get it cold in here. CLICK- the light turns on and the A/C starts.
18) 5) dialog: How do you know all this stuff?
18) 7) dialog: Well, at least we can breathe now.
18) 17) dialog: (lighting it with a
18) 21) dialog: 
18) 23) dialog: Yeah right, if you start smoking your sister would cut my nuts off.
18) 25) dialog: Hey, I like seeing your parents... Bobby is surprised.
18) 26) dialog: .in pictures!
21) 0) text: The lizard has almost crossed the road when- SHLING!- RAZOR SHARP METAL SPIRES come out of the ground slicing the lizard in two. A trap has been set: a long chain of retractable spikes h emerged across the road. A few seconds later, the SW drives over them at full spee INSTANTLY, THE TIRES EXPLODE. Big Bob loses control of the vehicle. The car rolls on the rims causing the trailer to almost f over. Inside, Doug loses his grip and is thrown against the sid the trailer. On the road, the spikes retract, disappearing into the ground.
22) 3) dialog: 
22) 6) dialog: I knew this wasn't gonna be safe for the baby.
22) 8) dialog: Are you all right?
22) 19) dialog: 97% nationwide coverage, and we have to find ourselves in that 3%... He searches desperately for a signal, extending his arm forward. Lynn grabs him tenderly by the waist.
22) 20) dialog: (staring to the lifeless
22) 23) dialog: I hope he's enjoying himself. On his knees, by the SUV tires, Big Bob inspects under th vehicle... Not only are the tires flattened, but the fron axel has buckled from hitting the rocks.
22) 27) dialog: So what's the damage, General?
22) 36) dialog: Can we fix it?
22) 38) dialog: I already tried. I'm not getting a signal.
22) 41) dialog: What are we going to do? Without answering, Big Bob gets back on his feet, wipes h hands and grabs a bottle of water from the car. After a l
22) 44) dialog: Walk?! But we're miles from
23) 24) dialog: 
25) 0) text: Outside, Doug and Big Bob look at the road map laid out o the ground.
25) 1) dialog: I'll keep walking north. This road's gotta lead somewhere. Lynn comes around with the jacket and sees Big Bob and Bo both holding guns.
34) 0) text: Close on THE RED SUN on the horizon. We hear Doug, singing "California Dreaming" a capella.
34) 1) dialog: "...All the leaves are brown and the sky is gray. I've been for a walk on a winter's day. I'd be safe and warm if I was in L.A... California dreamin..." After hours of walking down this road, his face shows sig of fatigue.
34) 2) dialog: I was in LA._ California Dreamin..." The lyrics resonate throughout the desert. Suddenly, he s singing.
34) 3) dialog: 
48) 22) dialog: What the fuck are you doing? Don't point that thing at me. Bobby lowers the weapon.
48) 31) dialog: Who else would it be?! Bobby is interrupted by Brenda who sees Doug from the win
48) 33) dialog: Hey girls! Quickly, Lynn exits the trailer and jumps into her husban arms. They kiss. Doug sets down all of his findings.
48) 34) dialog: Look what I found. Various tools, a fishing pole...
48) 35) dialog: With all of this, we can find a way to fix the car, right Bobby? Bobby doesn't answer.
48) 36) dialog: I found this really huge crater at the end of the road! I've never seen anything like it! People must use it as a dump site. It was full of all this garbage... (pointing to the fishing
48) 39) dialog: No. The road just stops there. I hope your dad has better luck. Is there anything to eat? I'm starving.
50) 0) text: From outside we see Doug and Lynn finishing dinner while Brenda clears the table. Doug holds Catherine on his knees. Outside, Bobby stands guard with the gun. His mother come out.
51) 0) text: Bobby double bolts the lock on the door. Behind him, Lynn comes out of the bathroom, while Doug has just changed Catherine.
51) 4) dialog: I'm tired, I really need to rest for an hour or so...
51) 6) dialog: You want us to sleep on the floor?! Doug kisses Catherine and hands her to Brenda so she can her to bed. Bobby takes him aside.
51) 9) dialog: What? Bobby hesitates to talk.
51) 10) dialog: So, what Bobby? Lynn walks by-
51) 19) dialog: Listen... I'm sure your dad will be back soon. He's "Big Bob". It's gonna take more than a few snakes in the dark to stop him, right?
51) 21) dialog: 
53) 0) text: In a makeshift bed in the back, Doug is laying on his bac and Lynn rubs his legs.
53) 1) dialog: Ow, Ow... Yeah right there. Perfect. God, I feel like I crossed New Mexico on foot. Amused, Lynn squeezes his legs a bit harder. She moves up his love handles.
53) 3) dialog: Stop! Stop, you're tickling me! Lynn continues with more fervor.
53) 4) dialog: Oh, so you want to play? He turns around and starts tickling her as well. They lau together before kissing passionately.
53) 6) dialog: I love you too... They start making out.
58) 0) text: Panting and panicked, Bobby knocks on the SUV's tailgate window, interrupting Lynn and Doug.
58) 9) dialog: Damanit! What is it now?
58) 17) dialog: Beauty what?
58) 30) dialog: Calm down Bobby, OK? Let's go check it out together. Lynn, stay right here.
59) 0) text: From the window, we can see Bobby and Doug walking to the trailer. In the back room, Pluto hears them, grabs his walkie-talk
60) 0) text: AT THAT MOMENT, an explosion takes place a few hundred ya away from the trailer. The flames climb into the air lighting the surrounding ro desert. SOMEONE SCREAMS. Doug and Bobby turn around.
61) 0) text: Doug runs into the trailer grabbing a fire extinguisher a some blankets. In the panic, he fails to see Brenda restrained by Pluto.
61) 1) dialog: 
62) 0) text: Doug runs out leaving the door wide open. Someone jumps from the roof and, on all fours, lands in f of the door. He stands and, for the first time, we see th face of - LIZARD - Pluto's cousin. Lizard is as thin as Pluto is imposing. Extremely pale, h face is disfigured by A CLEFT LIP WHICH EXPOSES HIS DEFOR
63) 0) text: Big Bob screams as the flames devour his naked flesh. His fingers tighten. His bloodied face distorts with pain Even his eyes are burnt. Considering the condition of his body, it's a miracle he's still alive... Doug arrives with the extinguisher and begins putting out fire under Ethel's horrified, watchful eye.
66) 0) text: The flames have been replaced by white smoke. Doug unties Big Bob. His body falls motionless to the gro COMPLETELY CARBONIZED, HE HAS STOPPED BREATHING. Smoke comes out of his mouth. Doug uses the blanket to extinguish the last flames. Behind Doug, Ethel looks at her husband refusing to accep the truth.
66) 5) dialog: Take your mother away from here! With her eyes fixed on her father, Lynn walks her mother away. In Bobby's eyes, sadness has been replaced by hatred. Ful rage, the youngster grabs the gun and walks away.
66) 13) dialog: Where are you going? Bobby?
66) 15) dialog: Come back here, Bobby! Bobby disappears into the night. Doug covers Big Bob's face with a blanket.
71) 0) text: Alarmed by the gunfire, Doug gets up and looks at the tra in the distance. He doesn't know what to do. Bobby appears behind him-
73) 0) text: Brenda is pulled out by Lizard. When he sees Bobby and Doug approaching, Lizard changes h
74) 0) text: Doug enters the trailer unable to imagine the tragedy.
74) 11) dialog: 
77) 0) text: Laid out on the couch, Ethel agonizes between life and de Brenda stares into space, saying nothing. Doug touches he head as he passes. Instinctively, she backs off terrified Across the trailer, Bobby paces back and forth.
77) 13) dialog: Not yet.
77) 15) dialog: Yes, Brenda is here and Bobby is in the kitchen. At the other end, Bobby turns away, crying. Brenda looks as well.
77) 17) dialog: Yes.. (after a beat) Do you need anything? Ethel finds it more and more difficult to talk.
77) 19) dialog: 
77) 31) dialog: 
77) 36) dialog: You want to die, too?
77) 38) dialog: Look! Look at what they did to your mother. Look at what they did to your sister. He slams Bobby against the door.
77) 39) dialog: You're not a fucking child, alright? Think before you do something stupid. You won't make it three feet! We need a plan, OK? We need to think...
77) 49) dialog: 
77) 70) text: Get ready Bobby.. Doug opens the door and jumps out ready to fight. From beneath the trailer, someone observes him... Doug bends down and discovers- GOGGLE'S SEVERED ARM. In its hand, the walkie-talkie stil works.
77) 72) text: Beast! The dog jumps into Doug's arms and begins licking his fac Bobby can't believe it, his dog has returned. Radio static comes back on the walkie. Bobby picks it up-
77) 82) text: Give me back my little girl... Give her back to me... More static... DOUG (CONT'D)
78) 2) text: Mayday... Mayday... We need help ..Mayday... Mayday... can anybody hear me? Something has gone off in her eyes. She is absent, no lon living, just surviving. Doug is about to leave, taking with him anything from the trailer which might be useful. BASEBALL BAT, FLASHLIGHT, PHILLIPS SCREWDRIVER... BOBBY
78) 3) text: Let me go with you. DOUG
78) 5) text: Mayday...mayday... Can anybody hear me? DOUG (TO BOBBY)
78) 6) text: The sun'll be up soon. One of them is hurt, I'm going to follow his trail through the hills. Bobby pulls out the 9mm gun and hands it to him. DOUG (CONT'D)
78) 8) text: What about you? DOUG
78) 9) text: Don't worry about me, I'll take Beast. Beast sits at his feet ready to go. Doug straps the walki talkie over his shoulder. BOBBY
78) 10) text: Doug? (CONTINUED)    
78) 13) text: I... I didn't mean what I said... Doug hugs him like a brother. Before walking out, he bends down to Lynn's body and kiss her one last time on the mouth. DOUG
79) 0) text: The first sign of dawn lights the distant horizon. The vultures perched on a dead Joshua Tree swivel their h around, to see a distant, running FIGURE - DOUG AND BEAST, moving steadily among the rocks.
80) 0) text: Doug and Beast arrive at the old mine's entrance on the s of the hill. The trail of blood leads inside. Doug hides behind a rock. Sweating, he catches his breath Beast breathes heavily as well. Doug remembers what his w always used to say- DOUG
80) 1) text: (to the dog) I told you to stop smoking. Doug sets a different frequency on his radio- DOUG (CONT'D)
80) 8) text: Yeah... Good luck, Doug. He puts the walkie away and takes out the flashlight. DOUG (TO BEAST)
81) 0) text: With the light from the entrance behind him, shadow enter the mine. The beam from his flashlight follows the trail of blood o the ground. The wooden pylons which have held up the walls for a hund years threaten to crumble at any second. Only static on the radio. Doug turns it off. He moves further into the darkness, probing with his flashlight into the inky pit. Doug arrives at a fork splitting the tunnel off in two different directions. Doug lights each tunnel with the flashlight until he find the one with-the blood trail, then continues on into that one. Tracking. Suddenly he stops. The beam of the flashlight has revealed TWO DOZEN PICKAXE that have been planted in the ground over mounds. That lo very much like graves. The pickaxes look eerily like cros given the whole place the feel of A SUBTERRANEAN GRAVEYAR Hanging from the graves, dates and portraits of all the miners who have died here, including women and children.. The flashlight dims. Doug taps it to no avail. (CONTINUED)    
81) 2) text: Come on. You can't be serious. Then light goes. completely off, leaving Doug in darkness Scratch! - He lights a match. Holding the tiny flame, Doug continues down the tunnel un he arrives at another fork. He can no longer see the bloo trail.
81) 9) text: .Bobby, Bobby, it's Doug... I can't believe it! I found a street and some houses. Maybe somebody does live here... The radio remains silent. (CONTINUED)    
81) 11) text: Bobby, do you hear me? Bobby? Still nothing. Doug turns around and looks up- A wall of rock towers behind him. He tries one last time, but the signal won't go through.
83) 2) text: Nobody's going to find us Brenda, even with that smoke...Nobody's coming._.. You heard what Doug said-We're alone now, just you and me. Let them come, I'm waiting for them. Now, Bobby stretches the nylon wire from the fishing pole around each stake. He sets the fishing pole next to the trailer, rigging to it one of Catherine's TOY SHAKERS- An improvised alarm system.
85) 0) text: Doug runs down the hills towards the town. Behind him, fr the mouth of the mine, someone observes between the rocks it's Ruby. Doug slows his pace as he enters Main Street. The town is deserted. No sign of life anywhere. All the houses and ca are covered with a thick layer of dust. Taking a closer look, he realizes all the parked cars are from the 50's. Uncertain, Doug walks through the ghost town, with Beast his side... No movement besides the wind blowing and lifting an occasional cloud of dust. Doug walks up to a house and kn on the front door. No one to open the door. Doug wipes one of the windows- It's too dark inside to see anything. The door is unlocke Doug pushes it. It squeaks open. He hesitates before entering.
86) 0) text: Sunlight passes through the dusty windows revealing a living/dining room decorated from the 50's. Doug can't believe his eyes- Through the kitchen door, he can see a woman doing dishes A man sits in the living room reading a newspaper. Children play in front of the blank TV set...
87) 0) text: Doug quickly crosses Main Street to visit another house.
89) 0) text: Stupefied, Doug enters yet another house. The door remains open as we see another family of dummies living a perfect little life. A LIFE WHICH STOPPED IN THE LATE 50'S... Around the corner of a house, a little girl dummy is sitt on a swing, her face half broken. A second later, Doug thinks he hears CHILDREN LAUGHING. H TURNS AROUND-
89) 1) text: Nothing but the wind blowing through the houses. Doug takes Catherine's bib from his pocket and lets Beast its scent. DOUG
89) 2) text: Find her, Beast, find Catherine... With his nose to the ground, the dog pulls Doug straight ahead. Doug walks away through the streets, pulled by the dog. On the outskirts of town, we discover a fence buried in t sand. On it, an old metallic sign reads-
89) 6) text: Doug tries to see into the windows, but they are caked in filth. He decides to go around when-
89) 8) text: You wait here Beast! Come on, sit!... Good boy. I'm gonna find Catherine... The dog is confused and whines through the half-opened window. DOUG (CONT'D)
89) 11) text: From inside the car, Beast watches Doug getting further away... Doug sneaks along the side of the building towards the fr door. He hesitates, unsure of what awaits him inside-
90) 0) text: Doug crosses a doorway without making a sound. He enters front hall squeezing the bat in his hands. Something in the air, A DISGUSTING SMELL, catches his attention. Doug moves slowly and discovers, in the dining room, sitting amongst the dummies-
90) 8) text: Where's my baby! Where's Catherine?! Big Brain does not answer. DOUG (CONT'D)
90) 10) text: ..Nothing.. Doug is beyond his breaking point - DOUG
90) 16) text: Boom. .. Boom... Boom DOUG
90) 20) text: I don't know what you're talking about. All I want is my daughter. Please... Big Brain remains silent. DOUG (CONT'D)
90) 22) text: Maybe a trailer? Yeah, a pretty trailer, just like yours. DOUG
92) 0) text: Doug runs into another room, escaping from Pluto and his Instinctively, he uses the first piece of furniture he ca find, A CHEST, to block the door behind him. He looks desperately for an exit. No way out. The axe penetrates through the door. The chest won't be enough to hold back Pluto. Second axe blow- This time the axe tears up the boards of door, allowing Pluto to stick his gruesome face inside. Seeing Doug trapped in the room, the bald giant begins to laugh stupidly before turning around and walking away. (CONTINUED)    
92) 2) text: The house is now silent. No sign of the giant. With his heart pounding through his chest and the basebal bat in hand, Doug moves towards the half-broken door,.
92) 4) dialog: Doug loses his bat but slides away before the axe comes swinging down. Desperate, he picks up the bat and uses it as a shield. T axe splits it in half. Doug throws himself at Pluto plunging the splintered bat his abdomen. The sharp piece of wood enters Pluto's stomach. Completely out of his mind, Pluto removes the piece of wo from his abdomen and beats Doug in the face with it, send him across the room. Pluto lowers his head, charging Doug like a bull. Doug crashes into one of the walls. He can't even take a breath before the giant grabs him by leg like a rag doll and throws him through a wall. Doug falls to the ground in the living room. Wounded and exhausted, he is also defenseless. He has lost his glasse Not far away, Big Brain savors the spectacle. The giant walks to him spinning the axe in his hand like baton. His foot crushes Doug's glasses on the floor. The axe swings through the air. Doug jumps out of the way ANOTHER SWING-
92) 5) text: Doug stares wide eyed at his amputated fingers and scream with pain. Blood is everywhere. In an act of self preservation, Doug crawls under the tab (CONTINUED)    
92) 7) text: Pluto destroys it with the axe and advances to finish him off. His asymmetrical eyes stare coldly- Doug is at his mercy. Pluto slowly caresses the axe's blade on his victims thro and face. The sharp blade moves dangerously across Doug's skin. Plu stops when he sees Doug holding his PHILLIPS SCREWDRIVER! Pluto laughs like a dumb child at the feeble weapon. Behi him, Big Brain joins in on the laughter- Disfigured by his wounds, Doug is frozen with the screwdr pointed at the giant. He looks ridiculous and starts sobb like a terrorized child. DOUG
92) 10) text: Doug stops crying_instantly, it was a trick! He turns the screwdriver around and slams it into Pluto's foot. The screwdriver goes through the shoe nailing Pluto to th floor. Pluto screams in pain. Doug rises and moves behind him. In a swift movement, Dou takes the American flag from Big Bob's forehead, stabbing Pluto in the back of the neck!
94) 2) text: He looks for Doug but sees no one. Cyst moves in between a few cars, failing to see Doug hid behind one of them. Doug hits the man in his knee with the axe. HE SEVERS HALF OF HIS RIGHT LEG. Cyst screams in agony. In one swift move, Doug removes the axe from Cyst's kneec swinging it into his back. Cyst falls on the ground. The fall pushes the axe further into his back. Cyst reach for the shotgun lost in his fall. Doug steps on his chest and pushes slowly- Crack - The axe finally hits the spine, killing him instantly. Doug picks up the shotgun.
95) 0) text: From the broken window, Big Brain watches Doug walk away down Main Street. He picks up a walkie-talkie hidden in h WHEELCHAIR- BIG BRAIN
97) 0) text: At the same time, Doug arrives at the last house on the street. He looks for his baby in every part of the house. Nothing but dummies. Doug enters a room and sees a crib. DOUG
97) 3) text: You want to play with us mister? Doug turns around and sees two children playing in the shadows. They smile at him kindly-
99) 0) text: In a panic, Doug runs out of the last house screaming. DOUG
102) 0) text: Desperate, Doug runs through the test town looking for hi daughter. In an upstairs window, he sees Ruby's mother, THE OBESE WOMAN, swinging on a rocking chair staring back. Suddenly, coming from the hills, Doug hears the sound of baby crying. In the distance, he spots Ruby running throu the rocks. He runs with the shotgun in hand. DOUG
111) 11) text: Doug can barely comprehend it - the nightmare is finally over! He. drops the smoking gun and opens his arms to embrace h baby. He cries tears of joy as he holds Catherine close t him. DOUG
111) 13) text: Trembling, he lifts the weapon towards Doug and the baby. Instinctively, Ruby moves to stop him. KA-CHUNK! - Lizard reloads. His finger squeezes the trigger.
113) 0) text: From a distance, next to the fiery trailer, we see Doug, Brenda, and Bobby gathered around the baby. Reunited agai