21) 0) text: The lizard has almost crossed the road when- SHLING!- RAZOR SHARP METAL SPIRES come out of the ground slicing the lizard in two. A trap has been set: a long chain of retractable spikes h emerged across the road. A few seconds later, the SW drives over them at full spee INSTANTLY, THE TIRES EXPLODE. Big Bob loses control of the vehicle. The car rolls on the rims causing the trailer to almost f over. Inside, Doug loses his grip and is thrown against the sid the trailer. On the road, the spikes retract, disappearing into the ground.
62) 0) text: Doug runs out leaving the door wide open. Someone jumps from the roof and, on all fours, lands in f of the door. He stands and, for the first time, we see th face of - LIZARD - Pluto's cousin. Lizard is as thin as Pluto is imposing. Extremely pale, h face is disfigured by A CLEFT LIP WHICH EXPOSES HIS DEFOR
64) 9) dialog: Move! (with a smile) You gotta be a man to do that... Pluto is outraged and tries to stand up. He wants to talk no words come out. JUST GRUNTS AND GROWLS. Lizard savagely hits him several times. Behind them, terrified, Brenda watches helplessly as they fight. Lizard puts his foot on Pluto's face, pinning him to the ground, and then points the gun to his head.
64) 10) dialog: I told ya to move! Pluto moves away and, in a fit of rage, breaks everything the trailer. Dishes, chairs, table... everything. Lizard laughs like a goon. He grabs Brenda by her feet an pulls her to him.
68) 0) text: Bursting into the trailer, Lynn stops on a dime when she Lizard, in Ethel's clothes, holding the baby. Behind him, Pluto restrains Brenda. Lizard walks up with the baby.
68) 1) dialog: 
68) 3) dialog: Baby... Baby... Instinctively, Lynn grabs the closest thing, a FRYING PAN and hits Lizard brutally in the face.
70) 0) text: In the trailer home, Brenda takes advantage of the confus to get away from Pluto and grabs the Phillips screwdriver from beneath the sleeper. Brenda slides the screwdriver to Lynn who raises it and i about to strike when- BANG! - Lynn is shot in the chest. Lizard turns to Brenda and aims at her head. He is about to shoot when Lynn, with her last breath-
72) 0) text: Witness to the slaughter, Brenda is petrified with fear. Lizard pulls out the screwdriver and stands with difficul He picks up the baby and hands it to Pluto.
72) 1) dialog: Take it. Pluto obeys. Lizard grabs Brenda by the hair and pulls he out of the trailer.
72) 9) dialog: Come on bitch... She screams and resists by grabbing at furniture and pull off the curtains... Her nails scratch against the paneling.
73) 0) text: Brenda is pulled out by Lizard. When he sees Bobby and Doug approaching, Lizard changes h
73) 2) text: Brenda is wide eyed. Without hesitating, Lizard pulls the
73) 4) dialog: I'll come back for ya... Lizard disappears into the night. Brenda lays on the ground trembling and crying. Doug arrives at the trailer, while Bobby aims the 9mm at assassins.
95) 1) text: Lizard... Kill the baby...
96) 0) text: Lizard enters the house holding a MACHETE. The wound Lynn given him before she died still bleeds through his improv bandage. He moves to the kitchen with a limp. There, he comes face face with Ruby. Behind her, the baby is wrapped inside a blanket on the table. The kitchen walls are covered with dry blood. Severed hum remains are scattered about and hanging like slabs of mea Ruby blocks his way- LIZARD
96) 3) text: Ruby refuses to let him pass. Lizard lifts the machete threatening his little sister. LIZARD (CONT'D)
98) 0) text: Lizard is about to butcher the baby on the table. Catherine is calm and moves slowly under the blanket.
100) 0) text: Lizard lifts the machete and removes the blanket-
111) 0) text: With Catherine held tightly in her arms, Ruby runs on the edge of the mountain. Seventy yards behind, Lizard gives chase with a limp and chain of spikes in tow. LIZARD
111) 5) text: Lizard is amused and almost excited with this last confrontation... Discreetly, he grabs the chain of spikes while keeping his eyes on the barking German Shepherd.
111) 9) text: Give me that baby, Ruby! With no time to react, Lizard is brutally struck in the f with the shotgun butt-
111) 13) text: Trembling, he lifts the weapon towards Doug and the baby. Instinctively, Ruby moves to stop him. KA-CHUNK! - Lizard reloads. His finger squeezes the trigger.