7) 0) text: Inside the trailer home, DOUG BUKOWSKI, 32, Lynn's husban tries to fix the broken A/C. His glasses and white oxford shirt drenched in sweat, Dou totally out of his element. This is a guy who has never b out of the city. Using a Phillips screwdriver, he forcibly removes the fro grill to access the mechanism. The heat and incessant BARKING wear on Doug's nerves.
7) 2) dialog: Relax Doug, please. It's their silver anniversary and they're so happy you're here.
7) 4) dialog: You're wrong. They love you.
7) 13) dialog: Yeah, that's a great idea. Why didn't you plan it?
7) 15) dialog: Never mind. Lynn grabs the milk bottle from its heater.
7) 17) dialog: Doug, please stop. I never ask you for anything, OK? (she looks at the baby) Well see how happy you are when Catherine comes along on our 25th anniversary. She walks out.
8) 0) text: In the back seat, BRENDA, 17, sleeps against the window. A twig tickles her nose. Without opening her eyes, the young girl slaps her face a chase away a fly. But the twig persists - It's her little brother, BOBBY, 15, teasing her. Linkin P blasts through his iPod. Lynn knocks on the window, interrupting his little game.
8) 8) dialog: If you want to use the restroom, it's now or never. Bobby removes his headphones and pushes Brenda.
10) 0) text: In front of the gas station, Lynn leans on the car giving Catherine a bottle. Big Bob opens the hood while the old man continues to fil the tank. At the same time, Doug comes out of the trailer holding h cell phone.
10) 4) dialog: Honey, you haven't put that phone down since we left.
10) 8) dialog: 
13) 51) dialog: Beauty? Come on, sweetie... No answer. Cautiously, Lynn moves through the store to the beaded curtains. Above the cash register, an old sepia photograp a miner stares at her.
13) 52) dialog: Beauty? Lynn goes into the other room. In the darkness, among the old empty bottles, she finds Beauty standing with her front legs on a window sill and barking to the backyard. Lynn looks outside- Nobody. Only the desert and hills. Inside the room, THE HALF OPEN EXPENSIVE LEATHER BAG layi alone on the table awakens her curiosity. As she goes to inspect it, she hears the SUV starting and Doug calling out-
13) 54) dialog: 
13) 57) dialog: Sorry, our dog got out...She won't stay put... A car horn breaks the silence.
13) 65) dialog: 
14) 0) text: Through the gas station window, we see Lynn leaving with dog. Outside, next to the rusty abandoned cars, THE PIGLET HAS DISAPPEARED. Only the rope remains. A MURMUR IS HEARD AS A SHADOW PASSES SLYLY ON THE FLOOR.
15) 0) text: Lynn puts the dog in the trailer where Doug and Bobby are She enters the SUV. Behind the wheel, Big Bob turns aroun one last time before driving off-
20) 5) dialog: (calming things down) Relax, Mom. We're all just tired.
22) 0) text: The dust slowly settles revealing the broken down vehicle Lynn jumps out of the car and runs to the trailer.
22) 1) dialog: Doug? Bobby? Are you alright? Bobby opens the door releasing the barking dogs.
22) 5) dialog: She's fine. Mom has her.
22) 7) dialog: The heat must have caused a blow out.
22) 9) dialog: I think so... Just a little shaken up. Bobby walks around the car evaluating the damage- The SUV tires are shredded - the rims buried into the gro
22) 22) dialog: Doug...
23) 28) dialog: Catherine just fell asleep. How are you holding up?
23) 31) dialog: Yeah, this is a total drag, especially with a baby.
23) 33) dialog: We're not going to have many more trips like this together... As for Cancun, you're gonna have to find a job.
24) 0) text: Lynn finds her husband's jacket and stops when she sees a cigarette butt in the sink. She's pissed. She picks it up throws it away. A FLASH OF LIGHT catches her attention outside. She looks through the kitchen blinds and spots the quick reflection light coming from the top of the hills when-
25) 2) dialog: What are you going to do with those?
25) 10) dialog: 
25) 13) dialog: Are you sure you're going to be alright? Lynn puts a fisherman's hat on Doug to protect him from t sun and kisses him tenderly.
26) 1) dialog: Hey, little princess. Who doesn't want to sleep anymore? The baby looks at her mother, appeased.
26) 2) dialog: Are you hungry, my angel? Lynn picks her up and exits the trailer.
28) 0) text: A table and fold out chairs are set up in front of the camper. Lynn continues to feed Catherine.
28) 2) dialog: Mom, thanks for the advice, but she's my baby. Vexed, Ethel remains quiet.
28) 3) dialog: It's starting to get cold out here, isn't it? (trying to be nice) I can't believe you're spending your anniversary stranded in the middle of nowhere.
28) 14) dialog: Better than Cleveland...
28) 17) dialog: Please, Mom. Nothing can stop Dad when he thinks he's found a shortcut. Remember when we ran out of gas on the "shortcut" to the Great Lakes? How old was I? 12, 13?
28) 20) dialog: Yeah-what I'd do for a shower and a margarita...
28) 22) dialog: A real bed... Bobby sits down at the table.
28) 32) dialog: Why are the dogs so excited?
30) 11) dialog: I don't know, Mom.
35) 0) text: It's getting colder. Lynn warms her hands at a fire in front of the trailer. A few feet away, Brenda collects firewood while calling o her brother's name...
35) 4) dialog: Keep it together Brenda, Mom is already worried enough... The fire will help Bobby find his way back.
35) 13) dialog: He and Beauty will find their way back together. Lynn hugs her sister.
35) 14) dialog: I never thought it could be so cold in the desert...
35) 16) dialog: I know...
42) 4) dialog: How's it going?
42) 14) dialog: (in the mic) Mayday ...mayday... This is a distress call... Do you copy? Still nothing.
43) 0) text: Lynn's distress call is heard from the trailer isolated i the middle of the desert.
44) 1) dialog: Mayday. . .We're stranded in the desert, we need help...mayday... Suddenly, the light on the C/B turns green and static can heard. Ethel grabs her daughter's hand, hopeful that some may have heard them. A second later, HEAVY BREATHING is heard over the radio. The light turns off. The two women look at each other in confusion.
44) 2) dialog: What was that?
44) 4) dialog: If animals start answering our radio calls, we're really fucked!
44) 6) dialog: Give it a rest, Mom. We have more important things to worry about. She walks out.
45) 0) text: Still tied to the trailer, Beast growls and pulls on his chain. Lynn raises the collar of her jacket to protect herself f the wind and moves closer to the fire.
45) 1) dialog: Brenda? No answer.
45) 2) dialog: 
48) 5) dialog: We heard something. Some sort of breathing... Bobby lifts his head.
48) 14) dialog: It was really weird, right mom?
48) 16) dialog: Mom, it sounded like a perverted crank call.
48) 38) dialog: What are you going to do with a fishing pole in the desert? You didn't you find anybody?
48) 40) dialog: Let's go, it's freezing out here. Doug follows Lynn inside the trailer.
50) 0) text: From outside we see Doug and Lynn finishing dinner while Brenda clears the table. Doug holds Catherine on his knees. Outside, Bobby stands guard with the gun. His mother come out.
51) 0) text: Bobby double bolts the lock on the door. Behind him, Lynn comes out of the bathroom, while Doug has just changed Catherine.
51) 1) dialog: Don't close the door, we're leaving in a second!
51) 11) dialog: I'm almost ready...
53) 0) text: In a makeshift bed in the back, Doug is laying on his bac and Lynn rubs his legs.
53) 2) dialog: A little work out can't be all that bad for these guys, right? Doug laughs and giggles.
53) 5) dialog: I love you...
58) 0) text: Panting and panicked, Bobby knocks on the SUV's tailgate window, interrupting Lynn and Doug.
58) 10) dialog: (through the window) What do you want, Bobby?
58) 12) dialog: This had better be important. Bobby is too scared to keep the truth hidden. He regains calm before talking.
58) 15) dialog: Bobby... We're in the middle of nowhere. Believe me, no one could survive out here!
58) 19) dialog: What are you talking about?
67) 0) text: Returning to the trailer, Lynn struggles to restrain Ethe Ethel finally realizes it's too late for her husband and collapses into her daughter's arms. Just then, a muffled scream from Brenda pierces the night
67) 1) dialog: Oh my god! Lynn runs inside leaving her mother alone.
68) 0) text: Bursting into the trailer, Lynn stops on a dime when she Lizard, in Ethel's clothes, holding the baby. Behind him, Pluto restrains Brenda. Lizard walks up with the baby.
68) 11) dialog: 
70) 0) text: In the trailer home, Brenda takes advantage of the confus to get away from Pluto and grabs the Phillips screwdriver from beneath the sleeper. Brenda slides the screwdriver to Lynn who raises it and i about to strike when- BANG! - Lynn is shot in the chest. Lizard turns to Brenda and aims at her head. He is about to shoot when Lynn, with her last breath-
78) 13) text: I... I didn't mean what I said... Doug hugs him like a brother. Before walking out, he bends down to Lynn's body and kiss her one last time on the mouth. DOUG
93) 0) text: The back door to the SUV opens, revealing Bobby and Brend carrying Lynn's body inside where Ethel's body has been moved. Not far from the car and above the fishing pole, Catherin shaker remains still and silent...
96) 0) text: Lizard enters the house holding a MACHETE. The wound Lynn given him before she died still bleeds through his improv bandage. He moves to the kitchen with a limp. There, he comes face face with Ruby. Behind her, the baby is wrapped inside a blanket on the table. The kitchen walls are covered with dry blood. Severed hum remains are scattered about and hanging like slabs of mea Ruby blocks his way- LIZARD