59) 0) text: From the window, we can see Bobby and Doug walking to the trailer. In the back room, Pluto hears them, grabs his walkie-talk
59) 2) dialog: Noaowww!
61) 0) text: Doug runs into the trailer grabbing a fire extinguisher a some blankets. In the panic, he fails to see Brenda restrained by Pluto.
62) 0) text: Doug runs out leaving the door wide open. Someone jumps from the roof and, on all fours, lands in f of the door. He stands and, for the first time, we see th face of - LIZARD - Pluto's cousin. Lizard is as thin as Pluto is imposing. Extremely pale, h face is disfigured by A CLEFT LIP WHICH EXPOSES HIS DEFOR
68) 0) text: Bursting into the trailer, Lynn stops on a dime when she Lizard, in Ethel's clothes, holding the baby. Behind him, Pluto restrains Brenda. Lizard walks up with the baby.
70) 0) text: In the trailer home, Brenda takes advantage of the confus to get away from Pluto and grabs the Phillips screwdriver from beneath the sleeper. Brenda slides the screwdriver to Lynn who raises it and i about to strike when- BANG! - Lynn is shot in the chest. Lizard turns to Brenda and aims at her head. He is about to shoot when Lynn, with her last breath-
72) 0) text: Witness to the slaughter, Brenda is petrified with fear. Lizard pulls out the screwdriver and stands with difficul He picks up the baby and hands it to Pluto.
92) 0) text: Doug runs into another room, escaping from Pluto and his Instinctively, he uses the first piece of furniture he ca find, A CHEST, to block the door behind him. He looks desperately for an exit. No way out. The axe penetrates through the door. The chest won't be enough to hold back Pluto. Second axe blow- This time the axe tears up the boards of door, allowing Pluto to stick his gruesome face inside. Seeing Doug trapped in the room, the bald giant begins to laugh stupidly before turning around and walking away. (CONTINUED)    
92) 7) text: Pluto destroys it with the axe and advances to finish him off. His asymmetrical eyes stare coldly- Doug is at his mercy. Pluto slowly caresses the axe's blade on his victims thro and face. The sharp blade moves dangerously across Doug's skin. Plu stops when he sees Doug holding his PHILLIPS SCREWDRIVER! Pluto laughs like a dumb child at the feeble weapon. Behi him, Big Brain joins in on the laughter- Disfigured by his wounds, Doug is frozen with the screwdr pointed at the giant. He looks ridiculous and starts sobb like a terrorized child. DOUG
92) 8) text: Please, I'm begging you... Don't kill me... PLUTO
92) 10) text: Doug stops crying_instantly, it was a trick! He turns the screwdriver around and slams it into Pluto's foot. The screwdriver goes through the shoe nailing Pluto to th floor. Pluto screams in pain. Doug rises and moves behind him. In a swift movement, Dou takes the American flag from Big Bob's forehead, stabbing Pluto in the back of the neck!
94) 0) text: Still imprisoned in the car, Beast barks, desperate to fi way out. A hundred yards away- Cyst crosses Main Street toward Big Brain's house still holding the shotgun. Through the broken door, Cyst spots Pluto in a pool of bl Hatred fills his eyes as he loads the shotgun and prepare shoot. (CONTINUED)    