4) 13) dialog: On the side of the hill,-THE ENTRANCE TO A CONDEMNED NINETEENTH CENTURY MINE. He approaches the mine and looks through the wooden plank barring its entrance.
4) 15) dialog: His echo is the only sound that can be heard from the depths... He aims the shotgun, ready to open fire.
32) 24) dialog: (in a low voice) Ru... Ruby... Ruby... Bobby gets closer.
32) 27) dialog: Beauty...
32) 29) dialog: Ruby.. _Ruby is Beauty... The last sentence makes her laugh. A STRANGE AGONIZING LAUGHTER.
32) 42) dialog: 
46) 0) text: We fly over the hills before stopping over Bobby's unconscious body laid out between two rocks. Ruby is still at his side, observing him silently. She hears Brenda's calls and runs away.
85) 0) text: Doug runs down the hills towards the town. Behind him, fr the mouth of the mine, someone observes between the rocks it's Ruby. Doug slows his pace as he enters Main Street. The town is deserted. No sign of life anywhere. All the houses and ca are covered with a thick layer of dust. Taking a closer look, he realizes all the parked cars are from the 50's. Uncertain, Doug walks through the ghost town, with Beast his side... No movement besides the wind blowing and lifting an occasional cloud of dust. Doug walks up to a house and kn on the front door. No one to open the door. Doug wipes one of the windows- It's too dark inside to see anything. The door is unlocke Doug pushes it. It squeaks open. He hesitates before entering.
96) 0) text: Lizard enters the house holding a MACHETE. The wound Lynn given him before she died still bleeds through his improv bandage. He moves to the kitchen with a limp. There, he comes face face with Ruby. Behind her, the baby is wrapped inside a blanket on the table. The kitchen walls are covered with dry blood. Severed hum remains are scattered about and hanging like slabs of mea Ruby blocks his way- LIZARD
96) 1) text: Get out of the way Ruby... (CONTINUED)    
96) 3) text: Ruby refuses to let him pass. Lizard lifts the machete threatening his little sister. LIZARD (CONT'D)
101) 0) text: Outside, with the baby in her arms, Ruby runs as fast as can.
102) 0) text: Desperate, Doug runs through the test town looking for hi daughter. In an upstairs window, he sees Ruby's mother, THE OBESE WOMAN, swinging on a rocking chair staring back. Suddenly, coming from the hills, Doug hears the sound of baby crying. In the distance, he spots Ruby running throu the rocks. He runs with the shotgun in hand. DOUG
111) 0) text: With Catherine held tightly in her arms, Ruby runs on the edge of the mountain. Seventy yards behind, Lizard gives chase with a limp and chain of spikes in tow. LIZARD
111) 1) text: Ruby...Ruby! You come back here right now. You hear me, you little bitch? The road on the edge comes to a dead end. Ruby is stuck, the only way out is to climb. Without usin her hands, she attempts to ascend. It's close to impossib
111) 9) text: Give me that baby, Ruby! With no time to react, Lizard is brutally struck in the f with the shotgun butt-
111) 12) text: My baby ...My little princess... It's me, it's daddy... He kisses the baby and hugs her tightly, elated. Ruby is moved. She smiles when suddenly her face freezes-
111) 13) text: Trembling, he lifts the weapon towards Doug and the baby. Instinctively, Ruby moves to stop him. KA-CHUNK! - Lizard reloads. His finger squeezes the trigger.