0) 1) dialog: Dad?... Dad?
2) 1) dialog: This is Mike, leave a message and if I ever get a signal I'll call you back. Beep.
11) 0) text: Copies of Soldier of Fortune share the shelves with sport memorabilia and snapshots of Mike and his buddies in Bosn (circa 2001) and Iraq (2003). Hank fingers an autographed football, puts it back and slips a photo of Mike in his d uniform out of the frame. He pockets it and heads out, flicking off the light.
13) 2) dialog: Dad? Dad?
22) 0) text: A young SALESPERSON replaces the battery in Mike's phone.
24) 0) text: Naked women twirl on poles to unbearably loud RAP MUSIC. The place is jammed with off duty soldiers. The BOUNCER points to the bar. Hank squeezes through the crowd and fi the BARTENDER. He pulls out Mike's photo and shouts to be heard:
30) 4) dialog: You gotta get me out of here, Dad.
38) 2) dialog: (into camera) Historic moment, first time this kid has ever caught a real American football. Here we go. He hands the camera phone to GORDON BONNER. Mike throws t ball. The street kid catches it and he and his buddies ru away.
38) 3) dialog: No, you run this way! This way! (realizes) Hey, that's my ball you little fucker! We can hear GORDON BONNER laughing. Mike grabs for the ph
38) 4) dialog: (pissed but laughing) Gimme that back. And the screen freezes, end of clip. Hank laughs.
43) 0) text: Through the bedroom window we see Joan at Mike's desk wit his checkbook, cradling the phone.
43) 9) dialog: Bonner, look, there's your family. Bonner presents his middle finger to the camera.
43) 13) dialog: You coulda broke it!
43) 15) dialog: Gimme back my goddamn- -
43) 17) dialog: Fuck!
43) 19) dialog: What do I do?!
84) 1) text: Mike's buddies huddle beside a building, light playing on their faces.
84) 6) dialog: -- really weird, Dad. Their clothing is melted into them, as if heat from the b did the damage. Mike zooms in on a hand with a book, flip through the pages, not even singed. Mike frames the dead man's blackened face. He looks young. Mike presses a brightly colored SKATEBOARD STICKER onto the man's forehe No explanation. The screen FREEZES on that image.
87) 0) text: There's a knock on the door. Hank opens it to reveal GORD BONNER, Mike's squad mate. He seems nervous and overly polite.
98) 0) text: Sanders slips the gruesome photos of Mike's dismembered b parts from the file and studies them with a magnifying gl the brightly colored kind that kids use to inspect insect
117) 0) text: Hank watches another video, images of Mike's platoon on p as they come across a burnt bus, the inhabitants just cin
117) 1) dialog: Dad? You there dad? (beat) Something happened, Dad.
120) 0) text: Hank places a photo of Mike and Penning atop something th reads "Pussy's."
126) 0) text: He clicks on the computer and plays a video clip again -- sporadic images, mostly black. A prisoner on the floor of a humvee. A SCREAM. Mike is saying something we can't make out. Another SCREAM.
126) 1) dialog: Leave him alone! It ends frozen on Ortiez, who stares hatefully at the cam The phone rings, startling him.
148) 0) text: The room is busy and yet remarkably quiet. Sanders sits a her desk, going through her phone log and losing herself the minutiae of her job. The civilian worker from the fro desk drops off a Fed Ex envelope and offers Sanders a sympathetic smile. Sanders opens it and goes through the contents with little interest. It's a credit card stateme with hard receipts attached -- various purchases Mike mad including the tube socks and the chicken. She flips throu them and then tosses them in her out basket.
153) 0) text: Hank downloads a video and plays it. Black punctuated by occasional flash of an image; the audio comes in and out. Someone is whimpering, pleading in Arabic. We see a flash of his face: a bound IRAQI PRISONER with a bag over his h lying on the floor of the moving High Back Humvee between the feet of the men in Mike's squad. Mike is just off scr sitting over him, apparently holding the camera. Screen goes BLACK.
153) 1) dialog: Where does it hurt?
153) 5) dialog: Hey, asshole! (to prisoner) It's okay, I'll help you. He's not going to hurt you again. FRAGMENTED IMAGES - Mike jabs his boot into the prisoner' wound. The prisoner SCREAMS. Mike pretends it was Ortiez.
153) 6) dialog: Leave him alone! ORTIEZ sitting beside Mike, LAUGHING, shaking his head.
153) 7) dialog: (to Ortiez) You fucking pervert
165) 0) text: Hank packs up the laptop and Mike's photos.
166) 0) text: An NCO waits as Hank packs Mike's few articles into his duffel. He hands it off to the NCO as a NEW RECRUIT, in h Class A's, steps in, carrying his duffel and paperwork.
169) 2) text: Mike panics, Bonner urges him to speed up, Mike steps on accelerator.
173) 0) text: The room is dark. Hank turns on the light above the stove Mike's package sits on the counter, opened. He peels back the paper to reveal a tightly folded flag. An envelope si atop addressed to "Dad." Hank finds a photo inside, Mike and his squad mates stretching the flag, jerry-rigged to pole over their humvee, smiling broadly. Hank turns the photo over. It is inscribed: "For Dad, love Mike." Hank turns and walks away.
174) 1) dialog: Something happened, Dad. Something bad. And then we hear Mike start to cry. Hank is mortified.
174) 3) dialog: No, I'm alone.
174) 6) dialog: Okay, Dad, I gotta go.
174) 8) dialog: You too, Dad. Mike hangs up and walks away to join his unit outside. 141.
175) 0) text: Hank picks up an empty frame and slips Mike's photograph back into it -- him in his dress uniform, now considerabl worn. He replaces it on the shelf.