85) 4) dialog: What’s your name?
85) 6) dialog: What are you doing here? Anna nervously shakes her head. ELEANOR (cont'd) Where’s Dr. Patterson? Anna hesitates, then...
85) 8) dialog: His family? Anna nods. ELEANOR (cont'd) Did you kill them? Anna doesn’t answer. ELEANOR (cont'd) You’re in a lot of trouble, Anna. (a beat to let it sink in) Did you kill them? 62.
85) 10) dialog: (off Lucie) Your friend?
85) 12) dialog: What’s her name?
85) 14) dialog: Oh, my. Then she nods to one of the Men... ...who SLAMS THE HANDLE OF A GUN ACROSS THE BACK OF ANNA’S HEAD... WHAM... ...EVERYTHING GOES BLACK. Stays black for a long time... too long... just that dark silence... ...until a sound grows from the darkness... the RATTLE OF A CHAIN... ...and then LIGHT RETURNS TO THE SCREEN, and we're...
88) 0) text: Eleanor stands in the hall, watching several Men tear up the bloodstained carpet... wipe down the walls. A Man walks up beside her.
88) 2) dialog: Any family?
88) 4) dialog: Then no one will miss her. INT. ANNA’S CELL - NIGHT Anna sits on the floor, her face pressed against the adjoining door. Her eyes bloodshot from crying.
93) 0) text: A small room... a desk, few chairs... three walls and a large observation window. The window looks into another room... a small chapel- like room filled with PEOPLE... most in their 60’s or older... all dressed to the nines... making their way down church pews. An altar stands in front of them. The morning sun pours through a large SKYLIGHT in the ceiling, casting a heavenly glow over the room. Eleanor sits behind the desk. The Men pull Anna into a chair.
93) 1) dialog: Hello again, Anna. 71. One of the Men pulls the gag from Anna’s mouth. Anna immediately SCREAMS TOWARD THE WINDOW.
93) 4) dialog: They can’t hear you. Not that it would matter. They’re all aware of you being here.
93) 6) dialog: I know. Your abbreviated 911 call is what alerted us. That and your little excursion downstairs to find Emily... the young woman you tried to help. Eleanor pours a cup of tea... sips it. ELEANOR (cont'd) All outgoing calls go through our system. Without yours, we would have assumed Dr. Patterson’s work with Emily was going well... would have had no reason to pay a visit last night. (smiles) So I owe you my gratitude. Without you, we never would have gotten our dear Lucie back
93) 8) dialog: With Lucie? Her gift of course. It’s what kept her alive during the Doctor’s work when she was a child... gave her the strength to spend all these years finding him. Eleanor pulls a file folder from the desk... 72. ELEANOR (cont'd) She’s different than the rest of us. But you already know that, don’t you, Anna? You were ready to die back in your cell... rather than suffer any longer. Lucie’s different... stronger ...opens it in front of Anna. PHOTOGRAPHS OF A HORRIBLY ABUSED YOUNG LUCIE... stretched on a rack... strapped to that chair... hanging from chains with hooks piercing her skin. ELEANOR (cont'd) What would kill you or I... she survives... physically, anyway. (beat ) But mentally... the monsters are there, aren’t they... they’ve slipped through the cracks Doctor Patterson opened. Eleanor spreads another file... horrific photos of other WOMEN. ELEANOR (cont'd) It’s easy to create a victim. You lock someone in a dark room... they begin to suffer. And then you feed that suffering. Methodically. Precisely. To make it last. (off the files) The subject goes through a number of states... then after a while, their trauma... it opens those cracks. (beat ) Does Lucie see things that aren’t there... things that want to hurt her? (off Anna’s silence) The girl you found... Emily... for her, it’s spiders... imagined to be running all over her. She’d rather tear her own flesh off than feel their crawl. Eleanor taps the photos of the Women... 73. ELEANOR (cont'd) These are victims... they reach a point, as you or I would, where they just break. ...then opens another file... VARIOUS IMAGES OF TORTURED WOMEN IN THEIR FINAL MOMENTS. ELEANOR (cont'd) Martyrs are so much more. And so very rare. So extraordinary. Martyrs survive the pain... the torture... like our Lucie, they refuse to die. They endure all the unspeakable sins of the earth... they give themselves up... and they transcend their very being. Eleanor smacks the first photo... a black and white image of a WOMAN nearly skinned alive, hanging from a pole at the center of a mob. ELEANOR (cont'd) Long Sheng Province. 1912. This woman was punished for stealing food. When this photo was taken she was still alive. Look at her eyes. Eleanor holds the photo to Anna. ANGLE ON THE PHOTO... the EYES OF THE WOMAN LOOKING SKYWARD. Eleanor pulls out another old photo. ELEANOR (cont'd) Juliet Lussier. 1945. She was a grocer that slept with a German. At the time, that did not sit well with the French, so she had to pay. (taps the photo) Her eyes. Still alive. And just like the others, the Woman’s eyes are rolled upward. Another photo... a WOMAN IN A HOSPITAL BED. 74. ELEANOR (cont'd) Birmingham, 1960. This woman was in the terminal stages of cancer. Past the use of morphine. She was pronounced dead over a dozen times, and yet she kept living... for days just in this state. Again... the eyes. Then Eleanor starts flipping through the photographs faster. And as we see the ghastly images flashing in front of us, we hear Eleanor’s descriptions. ELEANOR (V.0.) (cont'd) Beaten to death by her husband... killed in a head on collision... leukemia... aids... hours of suffering underwater. All of them alive when they were photographed. All seeing something in their final breaths. (beat ) That’s what we’re recreating... and we’ve gotten close with others. That’s our hope with Lucie... Eleanor pulls the curtain open again. ELEANOR (cont'd) ...and Emily. And now we see the crowd of people are on their knees, staring up at the Woman, Emily... ...or at least what’s left of her She’s suspended from an executioner’s table... like a metal crucifix fixed on the altar... a half-dozen IV TUBES drip blood from her body into buckets... »..aS a PRIEST WHISPERS PRAYERS beside her. And while we never get a clear look at the physical state of her body, it must be horribly gruesome, because Anna goes to the window... stares out at Emily in shock... ...then VOMITS. ELEANOR (cont ’d) You have to look past the pain, Anna. Past the human form... 75. TIGHT ANGLE ON EMILY’S FACE... ...her eyes rolled upward, just like all those photos. ELEANOR (V.0.) (cont'd) ...to what’s behind those eyes... to what she sees... to that place just beyond life... that which awaits us all.
93) 10) dialog: It isn’t torture when there’s a higher purpose. We’re developing their gift... expanding their vision.
93) 12) dialog: They’re looking for the answer to the human race’s greatest mystery. We all are.
93) 14) dialog: (shakes her head) I sacrifice for knowledge. Eleanor looks to the Priest... he’s standing just in front of the Woman... his ear pressed to her lips.
93) 16) dialog: I’d hoped to send you on your way with some peace. In appreciation for your returning Lucie to where she belonged. 76. The Priest turns... looks up to Eleanor in the window... shakes his head. Emily’s eyes are finally closed. ELEANOR (cont'd) Unfortunately, I won’t be able to give you that, Anna. A Man reaches in, placing a rag over Anna’s mouth. Anna struggles for a moment, but whatever’s on that rag has her unconscious in seconds. She slumps to the floor. ELEANOR (cont'd) Bury her with the family. (beat ) And have them make the final preparations for Lucie.
94) 10) dialog: You’re going to be all right, Lucie. It’s almost over now. Just one more stage, then all the suffering will be done. Eleanor softly kisses Lucie’s head. ELEANOR (cont'd) I’m so glad you came back to us. Two Men wheel a gurney into the cell. ELEANOR (cont'd) It’s all going to be fine, sweetheart. Eleanor steps back... lets them lift Lucie up... drop her onto the gurney.
96) 0) text: The Men guide the gurney to the table... lift Lucie onto the table, then extend her arms and legs into CLAMPS... »..attach them around wrists and ankles. Then they release a pin... let the ring rotate, slowly flipping the table over until Lucie is facing the floor. The Doctor uses a pair of scissors to snip down the back of Lucie’s gown. It separates... falls to the floor. 79. The Men walk out... past Eleanor, standing in the doorway, watching.
96) 1) dialog: Exactly as Doctor Patterson would have done it. The Doctor nods, and Eleanor turns... walks down the hall.
109) 2) dialog: This is the one. And we don’t know what she’s looking at yet... just that she can’t take her eyes off whatever it is. And a long beat passes before a 9mm slides into frame... ...presses against Eleanor’s temple. And then we see Anna, holding the gun.
109) 4) dialog: She has to be.
109) 6) dialog: She has to be. That’s enough for Anna to let her eyes drift from her target... out that office window... ...over the small crowd kneeling toward... ...SOMETHING WE DON’T SEE... ... because instead we’re back on Anna... 87. ...as first confusion, then pain flows over her... ...and she lets the gun fall to her side...
110) 8) dialog: You’11 let her die in vain. Anna spins... sees Eleanor walking toward them. ELEANOR (cont'd) All of her pain will have been for nothing. Anna shakily aims that 9mm at Eleanor
110) 10) dialog: Listen to me, Anna. She knows the answer the rest of the world has fought countless wars... destroyed civilizations over. (beat ) Don’t waste her suffering. POP... ...Anna sends a shot past Eleanor... keeping her back. Then Anna looks back to Lucie... leans close... 89. ...and for the first time, we see Lucie’s face... nothing like the rest of her body... it’s un- bloodied... peaceful... with HER EYES ROLLED UPWARD... just like all those photographs.
110) 16) dialog: 
110) 18) text: Anna holds that gun on Eleanor.
110) 21) dialog: You heard her? Anna doesn’t answer... just stares back at Eleanor... and it’s clear they both heard Lucie’s words. Then Eleanor raises the gun... ...she’s going to finish Anna off right here... keep Lucie’s words a secret. But the gun’s aim doesn’t stop on Anna... the barrel keeps rising... ...until it’s slid inside Eleanor’s own mouth. ON ANNA... as the GUNSHOT EXPLODES... she barely flinches. The PEOPLE SCREAM... a sudden panic... ...some shove their way to the exits... ...others drop to their knees... begin praying. The Priest crumbles to the altar, making the Sign Of The Cross over himself. Anna looks down at Lucie... watches Lucie’s eyes finally close. Her pain is finally over.