108) 0) text: ARNITH and BILL, two city workers, sit sipping coffee at room is white, very clean and fairly new.  The men wear l their white construction safety helmets sit on the table
108) 1) dialog: Trouble is the city keeps cutting us back and cutting us back. Raymond and Paul, wearing his big red parka, enter.
108) 3) text: Great.  I was told to give you this. Paul hands Arnith a folded form.  Arnith puts his hand ou the form to him.  As Arnith looks at it. PAUL (cont'd)
108) 5) dialog: How'd you know?
108) 7) dialog: That he didn't want to be buried.
108) 9) dialog: And you just got it now?
108) 11) dialog: That's entirely possible. Bill stifles a LAUGH.  Raymond is about to tear out Arnit his brother back.
108) 13) dialog: I appreciate that, Sir.  But I'm on a union specified break right now, which means you are talking to me as a private citizen. Now as a private citizen I can pretty much say whatever I want to. If you talk to me in 15 minutes I can assure you, you will be afforded every courtesy as specified in the workers policy guide and recently ratified in our latest collective agreement dated --
108) 15) dialog: Trying to get your brother out of the ground. We couldn't be more pleased.  You've arranged for transportation of the remains?
108) 18) dialog: Good point Bill.  Bill knows exhumation policy.  You can look it up but I'm betting he's right.  You come back with a bonded agent and we'll get right on this. Paul thinks for a moment, digs into his pocket pulls out dollar bills and SLAMS them on the table.
109) 0) text: A large back hoe TURNS OVER.  The muffler BELCHES a cloud smoke into the air.  Arnith is at the controls, expertly end towards the unmarked grave.
110) 0) text: Black.  The trunk lid opens as Bill and Arnith dump a wel unceremoniously into the trunk.  Arnith and Bill look at the lid.  Black.
110) 1) dialog: There ya go Mr. Barnell.  Snug as a bug in a rug. Anything else we can get you?
148) 0) text: Arnith (the grave digger) walks to the side of a casket. starts to drop.  Arnith watches impassively, taking brief the hill before returning to his work.