39) 0) text: Paul undoes the bungee cord and drags his snowblower out fires up the snowblower and starts to plow the drive way MRS. WHERRY (80s), in her bathrobe, looks out the window A tad confused, she waves to the man in the blue parka. back.
41) 0) text: Mrs. Wherry talks on the phone in her kitchen.  The head mounted on the wall behind her.
41) 1) dialog: Paul?  Thank you so much for clearing the drive way. That was most considerate.
41) 3) dialog: You were out at the cabin this morning.  Nice to see you getting some use out of that thing.
67) 0) text: Ted and Mrs. Wherry sit on plastic covered furniture.  Th several dozen dead animals, foxes, wolves, elk, surround notes.
67) 1) dialog: It was terrible.  Just terrible. Raymond should have known better.
67) 4) dialog: Greatest sport on earth.  Moved to a compound bow two years ago. (whisper)
67) 5) text: Arthritis.  Less draw weight. She mimics pulling back an imaginary bow with her bony ha MRS. WHERRY (cont'd)
67) 8) dialog: No.  Only saw him the once.  Never spoke.  Waved to him.
67) 10) dialog: He was clearing my driveway.  Raymond was a real hellcat when he was younger.  But like they say, time mellows even the hardest soul.
67) 12) dialog: I thought it was Paul at first.  Have you met Paul's wife?  Now there's a story.  Not that I'm much for gossip, but I think Raymond used to have a --
67) 14) dialog: Sorry.  Did Raymond like the outdoors.  Not so much, no.  Liked living out here at the cabin, though. I think he had some friends on the police force. Have you talked to them?  They'd pull up here day and night, always looking for --
67) 16) dialog: Well in a ski mask you can hardly tell who's who. Now, how 'bout some jerky?  I've got it drying out back.
84) 0) text: Paul gets out of his car carrying a K-Mart bag.  He looks CRYING.  Mrs. Wherry waves from her deck.
84) 1) dialog: Paul, sorry to hear about your brother. (Paul gives a sad smile)
84) 4) dialog: She'll come to her senses.  They always do.  Oh, the septic lines are frozen, so you'll have to use the outdoor commode. Paul waves as he enters the mobile home, closing the door light goes on.  It starts to snow.
90) 14) dialog: What's say you just move away from him. Ted, with his hands still on Paul, turns to see -- Mrs. W compound bow aimed at his forehead. MRS. WHERRY (cont'd)
90) 17) dialog: I can drop him if you want.
90) 20) dialog: I've got some fishing line if you want me to stitch that. Paul waves her off, then stares at the blood on his finge takes hold.