36) 0) text: Holland is at the piano with baby Cole on his lap.
46) 0) text: The doctor, SORENSON, is at his desk. Holland and Iris si across from him; dazed pain in both their faces. Cole sit in Iris‘ lap.
47) 0) text: Cole sleeps soundly in his bed as the camera finds Hollan with his arm around Iris, tears in their eyes, watching C sleep.
51) 0) text: Iris and three year old Cole sit on the kitchen floor surrounded by everyday objects. She is pointing to a ball Color seeps back in and the world comes to life. Holland sticking three by five cards on different household items the kitchen, i.e., REFRIGERATOR, TOASTER, etc. (CONTINUED)
54) 0) text: Iris is sitting on a bench. Cole is playing with a couple other kids. [Iris watches as a new kid comes up to Cole. Cole ignores him. One of the other kids cells the boy tha Cole can't hear or talk. Iris glances away. She suddenly freezes; seeing something. A young woman has brought her little girl to the zoo. The little girl has heavy hea\rin aids in her ears, They're talking to one another - the little girl signing - the mother speaking and signing. Ea gesture filled with words. Iris rises.
56) 0) text: - Holland is conducting the orchestra as they play ‘Sleep Wake’. Holland seems to be transported with the music as ‘fluidly guides the orchestra. tris enters, quietly, with Cole. Holland turns to see her. She mouths the words, ‘We are going to be late’. Holland nods then turns back to th orchestra. He conducts with great Sweeping motions of hig armg. Cole watches his father. He is fascinated with his arm movements. He begins to imitate them. Holland closes his eyes for the last few bars. Cole does the same. The music ends, but Cole continues to conduct, his eyes still closed. He hasn't heard the music stop. Tha students brea into amused giggles. Nothing cruel about the laughter but Holland watches his son and hides the hurt.
57) 0) text: Cole, Iris, Holland and MRS. TATENHOVE, Dean of the Turne School for the Deaf, sit in the back of class of five and year olds watching a teacher conduct a show and tell. The teacher signs as he speaks. The children are attentive; t react with enthusiasm and excitement - their fingers fly they sign with one another. Holland can't help bue notice that Cole watches in rape attention. At a signal from Tacenhove, they all rise and exit the class. *™ _ 109 INT. SCHOOL BUILDING - DAY 109 They come out of the class and walk down a long hallway together. Mrs. Tatenhove signs as she speaks.
59) 0) text: Iris, Cole, Holland and Stadler are at a military funeral flag-draped coffin, color guard. Family and friends are gathered around the grave. The minister speaks in a low voice, the service already in progress. Stadlin stares in uncertainty.
60) 0) text: “Good. Luck Class of 1972". The orchestra plays WHERE HAV ALL THE FLOWERS GONE, Holland conducting. Iris and Cole s together; Cole paying no attention. A good number of the (CONTINUED)
63) 38) text: I wanted to bur... I have to have these orchestrations ready for the kids by the end of the week. A Gershwin Revue. Maybe you and Cole will come see it.
66) 5) dialog: Why doesn't he?
66) 9) text: Cole! Holland tries to stop his papers as Iris enters to see wh going on. The papers are flying everywhere.
66) 30) text: Cole and Iris leave a muttering Holland and return to the kitchen. 128C IN THE KITCHEN - 128¢
85) 0) text: Holland pulls in the driveway. Cole, now fifteen, works o the Corvair. Holland gets out of the car. Cale looks up, emiles. He has a black eye. As Holland speaks, Cole reads his lips.
85) 3) dialog: A fight. Come see what I'm doing.
85) 5) dialog: when?
85) 11) dialog: Who was killed?
86) 7) dialog: Now! He signs. Through the following Iris translate Cole's signing for Holland. Cole reads Holland's lips. (CONTINUED)
90) 0) text: "Christmas Pageant 8:00 p.m." says the marquee. Iris pull into the parking lot in the vw van, with Cole. They get o and walk toward the gymnasium with other adults and stude Cole suddenly sees a friend and laughing, runs ahead. Iri now allows her feelings to show - she's concerned about t evening.
92) 0) text: Holland shakes hands with people as they leave the concer Lots of congratulations. Holland watches Iris and Cole signing with some other deaf children and their parents.
93) 0) text: Holland and Iris enter. Cole has placed the stereo speake face up on the floor. A one-by-six has been laid across t speakers and Cole sits on the board, a half-dozen albums his hand.
93) 1) dialog: {speaking and signing) Show me more. (CONTINUED)
104) 3) dialog: (speaking and signing) School's out for me too!
105) 2) dialog: {speaking and signing) Didn't want an old fart like you to strain yourself. Holland signs asshole. Cole signs it back.
105) 6) dialog: A surprise. Holland pauses at the door. He looks back once. The walls are empty. The room is. bare. He leaves, feeling like he never there.