16) 0) text: Gertrude Lang plays the clarinet, her eyes glued to the music. The break comes and - squeak! Holland is numb. He glances at the clock. MUSIC ENDS as:
18) 0) text: End of the day. Kids grabbing their jackets, slamming loc .Goors, heading for the exits. . HOLLAND passes the rehearsal rooms. He hears the pained notes of a clarinet. He looks in through an half-open doo It's Gertrude,
19) 0) text: Holland enters. Gertrude looks up, startled.
21) 26) text: Pick up your clarinet and play with me. ‘ Gertrude hesitates. She sits. Adjust her sheet music.
106) 28) dialog: It's been a long time, Mr. Holland. Gertrude takes the mike, waits for the applause to die.
106) 29) dialog: Thank you, Mrs. Holland. My apologies to everyone for my tardiness. And Principal Wolters, I'd like you to know, yes, I brought a note from my mother. Wolters smiles, chagrined.
106) 30) dialog: I came here today to say thanks to Mr. Glenn Holland. First things first. Mr. Holland, I want you to know as soon as I get back to my office, I'm going to start pounding away at the Legislature to restore state funding for all High School music programs in this state. for the applause to die down.
106) 31) dialog: Mr. Holland had a profound influence on my life. On a lot of lives, I know. And yet, I have the feeling that Mr. Holland considers a great part of his life misspent. Rumor has it he was always working on this symphony of his, his opus. Someday it would make him famous, rich, probably both. But Mr. Holland isn't rich. Or famous, at least not outside our little town. And so perhaps it: would be easy for Mr. Holland to think himself a failure. And he would be wrong. For LI think he has achieved a success beyond riches and fame. Look around you, Mr. Holland. There is not a life in this room that you have not touched. And each of us is a better person because of you. This is your symphony, Mr. Holland. These people are the notes and melodies of your opus. And this is the music of your life. The audience rises and gives Holland a standing ovation. leeks out at the audience, each face a memory, a moment o ‘on Laughter. She waits on his life. (CONTINUED)
106) 34) dialog: And now we would like to give you something back. Mr. Holland, if you would, take this bacon and begin the first public performance of “The American Opus“ by Glenn Holland. She hands him the baton. Holland turns to the orchestra. The instruments are poised and ready. He looks down at th music stand. The sheet music is a copy of the original, i his handwriting. “The American Opus" by Glenn Holland. He turns, looks at Iris. She nods as if telling him it's cim to begin. He turns back, raises the baton, taps it once o the music stand and... the orchestra plays. The opening strains of the music fill the gym. Holland's face glows a his chest fills with pride. It is a symphony with element of jazz, rock, country, tin pan alley, and classical. A woman enters at the back of the auditorium. Expensively dressed. Beautiful. The people there stare at her in surprise and recognition. They whisper among themselves. Rowena. Gertrude goes over to one of the boys playing the clarine and whispers in his ear. And she takes che clarinet, take the student's seat, and plays. Then, out of the audience, one or two at a time, other adults approach the stage and one by one - they replace the students in the orchestra. Holland looks at one of the men in the orchestra.