3) 0) text: Holland gets a few curious looks from the students as he walks down the crowded, noisy hall. He almose Dumps into people as he checks room numbers, checks the Slip of pape his hand. He’s....
5) 0) text: Holland enters. He sets his briefcase on the desk. He loo around the room. A piano. A record player. A white faux marble bust of Beethoven. A scale of notes. above the blackboard - the rest of the room undecorated. Holland op a desk drawers - looks in - finds it empty except for a s pencil stub or paper clip. Students begin to enter. Holla turns, nods at them nervously. Trying to look busy, he ta a music textbook from his briefcase and plops it down on desk. He stares ac it with the same enthusiasm the studen probably will. . The class is beginning to fill.
8) 0) text: The orchestra students sit in front of Holland with their instruments. Holland picks up his baton and faces the kid
9) 0) text: The hall is full of students. They're chatting. Nothing o of hand. Holland is at the front, oblivious to the buzz. is humming to himself, then transcribing what he's hummin into notes on the page of a music composition book.
9) 1) dialog: What's he doin', talkin' to himself?
9) 2) dialog: He's sgingin' to himself.
9) 3) dialog: Bunte never sang to himself. (CONTINUED)
9) 7) dialog: Hey, will ya shut up, I'm trying to ‘ study.
9) 12) dialog: Hey! Shut-up! Holland looks up, puzzled. The boys are yelling at one another.
17) 0) text: The stack of quizzes is on Holland's desk. Holland sits staring at them in silence. The students sit at their des staring at Holland in silence. Holland slowly rises. He picks up a test at random. He reads.
27) 0) text: MUSIC BEGINS: "Little GTO" by The Beach boys AS: A ‘65 Plymouth with a “Student Driver" sign attached to t trunk hops down the street. Gas! Brake! Gas! Brake!
28) 0) text: A student loses control - and piles a hedge under the nos the car.
33) 0) text: The Student Orchestra sits with their instrupents raady. Holland points to a chellist.
40) 25) dialog: . He hadda go to the bathroom.
55) 0) text: The claas is packed with scudents. Two students, JON PIER 18, wild hair, and DEBRA MORTON, 17, Birkenstock to the c represent the Student Strike Council. Wolters and Helen Jacobs and other faculty members sit at the front of the room. Holland makes his way to the front and sits in the chair Meiscer's been saving for him.
55) 10) text: There won't be any education, not if we don't go to class! The students roar with approval.
56) 0) text: - Holland is conducting the orchestra as they play ‘Sleep Wake’. Holland seems to be transported with the music as ‘fluidly guides the orchestra. tris enters, quietly, with Cole. Holland turns to see her. She mouths the words, ‘We are going to be late’. Holland nods then turns back to th orchestra. He conducts with great Sweeping motions of hig armg. Cole watches his father. He is fascinated with his arm movements. He begins to imitate them. Holland closes his eyes for the last few bars. Cole does the same. The music ends, but Cole continues to conduct, his eyes still closed. He hasn't heard the music stop. Tha students brea into amused giggles. Nothing cruel about the laughter but Holland watches his son and hides the hurt.
61) 0) text: The ceremony is over and everyone is milling around. Back slapping, hugs. tears, handshakes, and kisses. Flashbulbs pop. Holland is grabbed by one student afcer the other to pose for a pnoto. Tidd and two ocher graduate run over.
64) 0) text: Students sit in the auditorium watching as Mrs. Olmstead stages Rowena through "Someone to Watch Over Me". Rowena singing it beautifully but without a certain*something". finishes.
70) 0) text: The lights go down. Holland conducts the orchestra in an overture medley (made up from three Gershwin songs we hav licensed). The curtain goes up revealing a theatre set. A STUDENT NARRATOR appears center stage NARRATOR . George Gershwin was born Sept. 26, 1898. He is one of the most original voices in American music. His music has dominated Broadway, the pop charts, and the very hearts of America. Tonight George . Gershwin visits Kennedy High hoping to discover a new star... 139 140 141 142 During the Narrator's introduction, stage lights come up revealing a STUDENT ACTOR playing George Gershwin in a bo seat. He waves to the audience. They applaud. A flurry of activity and the stage lights reveal the foot players doing a very athletic version of “I Got Rhythm". What they lack in technique they make up for in enthusias When they are done the audience bursts out in applause. From the orchestra, Holland looks up and shares a smile w Meister who is sitting in the first row.
82) 7) text: winter. The trees are bare. Students and teachers arrive.
83) 0) text: Holland enters the building and walks down the hall to hi room. One of several students calls out when he sees Holland.
83) 1) dialog: Mr. Holland! You hear? John Lennon was shot last night. Killed! By some nuc! Holland stops in his tracks. The kids flow around him.
84) 6) dialog: Play some more, Mr. Holland. He does.
102) 2) dialog: We got a special treat tonight - I hope. Our class advisor - Mr. Holland - Cheers and applause - Holland, Iris and Meister, the chaperones - acknowledge it.
102) 3) dialog: He pursuaded a local band to make their professional debut right here at Kennedy High. Ladies and dudes, you ready? Let's hear ic for the Dead Dwarfs! And the curtain parts to show Schiff, Goodrich, and Grove their leather best. Guitar, bass, and drums.