4) 9) text: Strasser leads a breakneck pace through the woods. Garth looks around as the AFRICANS begin to murmur something ov and over. These men seem scared...
4) 11) dialog: They're at it again.
4) 13) text: And it's staring them right in the face! The men stare back at Strasser with equal hostility. Suddenly, Garth kneels and picks something from the ground. Rubs it between his fingers. Deposits it in Strasser's hand.
4) 14) dialog: Gorilla.   We're close.
6) 0) text: The African men fan out. It gets quiet fast. Strasser and Garth swing rifles down from their shoulders as they stalk. Proficient hunting machines.
6) 14) dialog: (shouting) Get the baby!
6) 19) dialog: He has retrieved his rifle and is charging hard for his downed companion. He looks for a clear shot at Joe. PAN RIGHT and RACK FOCUS as Ruth Young explodes from the trees and flashes past Strasser, snatching Joe away. Joe is not quite sure what has happened, but he hangs on to Ruth for dear life. Strasser staggers forward, holding his mangled hand. Enraged. He rips Garth's gun away from him and with his bloodied hand, finds a way to pull the trigger. SHOTS RIP through BARK but Ruth disappears into the trees like a spirit.
8) 0) text: Jill shines her flashlight into the forest. Further up, someone waves a light back and forth. Like a signal. Jill's face lights up. She continues running. Suddenly, Jill is bowled over by Joe who leaps into her arms. They roll on the ground, Jill with the wind knocked out of her They look into each other's face and both know that the worst is happening. They are both silent with fear. Strasser appears through the darkness. His right hand wrapped in a bloody swath. Denying the pain. Garth follows, gun up. Jill and Joe lie hiding in the undergrowth. Jill's eyes tell Joe not to make a sound. They barely breathe.
8) 1) text: of Strasser's and Garth's boots. Jill can hear the sound of their voices, but their words are indistinct.
8) 4) dialog: (matter-of-fact) I think you might've hit the woman.
8) 10) dialog: Your little 'monster' couldn't have gone far. Want to keep looking or...?
8) 12) text: Jill and Joe lie still as stone as Strasser and Garth continue past. Once they're gone, Joe and Jill begin to breathe again. Then, Jill sees a light pop on in the darkness. She flashes back.
25) 13) text: A door opens behind Anderson.       Garth sticks his head the room.
25) 14) dialog: Phone for you.     Urgent.
25) 17) text: Strasser turns and follows Garth through the door, into...
26) 2) dialog: Looks like a big fellah. (excited, looking at photo)
56) 0) text: Strasser, in the main room of his preserve, watches the news report, absolutely riveted. He is polishing a leather object that we can't clearly make out.   Garth stands behind him. Strasser is on the edge of his seat, watching the screen.
56) 8) dialog: And the most valuable, that's for sure.
56) 10) dialog: (thinking it over) It'll be a bit tricky, won't it? They're not gonna want to part with...
56) 21) dialog: (surprised) Bloody hell. That's the little monster that...
56) 22) text: Garth stops abruptly, glancing at Strasser's hand. He knows better than to mention it directly. Strasser looks down...
56) 25) text: Garth watches his boss, who seems lost in his private dream of revenge. It's a moment before Strasser looks back at him.
57) 4) text: You certainly can -- for the mere price of a 'Diamond Circle Benefactor Ticket' to tomorrow night's benefit. The V.I.P.s laugh and groan. Garth takes this moment to slip away, unnoticed. Harry twinkles at the V.I.P.s.
59) 0) text: Garth walks quickly -- but not fast enough to draw attention. He moves along the handrail at the edge of the moat. Takes off his sunglasses and looks for Joe.
59) 3) dialog: You remember, don't you?
67) 27) dialog: Quite a turnout they have here.
67) 30) text: Strasser puts his drink down, taps Garth.
67) 41) text: Garth grabs it back.      Strasser nods coolly to Vern an Jack.
67) 43) text: Vern and Jack stumble on, none the wiser. Strasser and Garth slip out.
68) 1) text: Garth stands at the railing surrounding the moat, rattling the dog collars. It's a sound that haunts him, from the darkest depths of his memory. He starts to GROWL and then he sees something that really drives him nuts. Strasser steps into the light, joining Garth by the water's edge. He rattles the dog collar, and now...
68) 8) text: Garth is still rattling the dog collar, enjoying Joe's display of rage.
68) 9) dialog: What do you think the big guy is worth? A couple million?
68) 11) text: Garth shakes the dog collar more furiously, making Joe rush at them again.
68) 12) dialog: Got you going now! That should rattle the jewelry off the ladies.
68) 14) text: Garth hangs the dog collar on the fence. Joe can hear it clank in the breeze -- he is in a truly frightening state
68) 16) text: As Strasser and Garth leave, Joe looks after them, beside himself with fury. Outraged, he turns this way and that way, finally focusing on a tall tree in his habitat.
78) 0) text: Hopping into the trailer, Jill comes face to face with Garth, who is sitting behind the steering wheel. He nods to her, all business.
78) 1) dialog: Hello. Strasser gets in on the other side of Jill, closing the door behind him. She's sandwiched.
80) 0) text: Jill sits nervously between Strasser and Garth as the trailer leaves the gate of the conservancy.
82) 0) text: Jill glances nervously back as they drive down surface streets. She looks over at Strasser. In the passing light of the street lamps, he is regaining his sinister sheen. Garth is driving the trailer very fast. They hit a bump, making them lurch in their seat. Jill hears JOE go THUD in the trailer.
82) 12) text: Strasser and Garth exchange amused glances.
82) 14) text: Strasser and Garth chuckle -- they think they're just sharing a private joke. But Jill has a troubled look in her eyes -- the foreign epithet has struck a chord from long ago... she struggles to remember... Then she gets it. She sees herself crouching in the forest with Joe over 12 years ago, overhearing Strasser's curses, and her blood runs cold. She glances at Strasser, everything dawning on her at once. The hand... the face... it all comes together for Jill. Strasser catches the look on Jill's face and knows some- thing is wrong. Adrenaline is pumping through her. Unsure of how to make her next move, Jill tries to hide the realization that is crashing down on her... She glances in the side view mirror of the truck and sees: Gregg, driving up behind them in the Conservancy vehicle. Jill's face reacts ever so slightly, but Strasser catches it. He follows her eye line, looking where she looked, and as he also spots Gregg, Jill knows the game is up. She loses it and screams:
82) 16) text: Jill slams her elbow into Strasser's nose. Strasser's face reflexively goes down in his hands. Stunned, Garth swerves at the wheel. Fast as lightning, Jill grabs his hair and slams his face into the dash. Before the men can recover, Jill kicks and claws her way over Strasser's back, fighting toward the open window...
86) 2) text: Garth FLOORS it.      The truck speeds away.
88) 0) text: The wheel flies through Garth's hand as he tries to control it. Strasser's face is covered in blood. The trailer rights itself.    Continues on.
90) 0) text: Garth tries desperately to steer the truck as the steering wheel burns through his hands.
91) 10) text: Strasser reaches back into the truck cab.       Garth loo around, nervously.
91) 11) dialog: Police'll be here any minute.
91) 12) text: Strasser pulls a leather case from the truck. Then he reaches back in for his hunter's hat -- and sets it firml on his head. We haven't seen Strasser like this since twelve years earlier: the hunter is back. The sound of SIRENS reaches their ears.       Garth is ne as hell.
91) 13) dialog: We better go.
91) 14) text: Strasser has the thousand yard stare.        Garth has to him away.
91) 15) dialog: Come on!   We need to get out of here!
98) 15) dialog: What are you doing? You don't think we can get the gorilla now, do you?
99) 2) text: He grabs his soda from the cupholder, his garage door opener (Guy's been through this before) but before he can reach for his Thomas Guide... Garth hauls him out of the car and throws him on the ground.
99) 4) text: Strasser and Garth jump in the car and drive away.
104) 8) text: Gregg steps on the accelerator. As their car pulls away, PAN TO Strasser and Garth following a few car lengths behind.
108) 0) text: Garth and Strasser have parked at the edge of the amusement park. Strasser has the rifle out and propped up on one knee. He uses the scope as a viewfinder.
108) 3) dialog: (very nervous) Hold on, now -- just who are you aiming at?
108) 4) text: Strasser looks at Garth with deadly focus. His eyes tell the story. Garth realizes his boss's intentions with horror.
108) 8) dialog: No.   You can't do that.
108) 11) dialog: She's not an animal. That's a human being you're about to kill.
108) 12) text: Strasser fixes Garth with an icy stare.
108) 14) text: He raises the gun again, gets the sight lined up just as Gregg and Jill pass near the klieg light. Garth grabs the gun, just as Strasser is about to pull the trigger.
110) 0) text: Strasser, extremely pissed off, turns to look at Garth.
110) 2) dialog: You're not a hunter, you're a murderer, and I won't be a part of this...
110) 3) text: Strasser flips the gun and cracks Garth squarely in the head with the rifle butt. Garth hits the ground like a bag of sand.