39) 32) text: Harry whirls around and waves over a pair of nerdy, grad- school-geek conservancy workers, JACK and VERN. They run eagerly forward to take orders. They gawk at Jill, each one instantly deciding she is the woman of their dreams. Harry barks at them, bringing them back to attention.
40) 0) text: Jack and Vern nervously raise the gate to the back of the trailer. The gate lays flat against a retractable plank that creates a bridge to the habitat. JOE GROWLS SOFTLY from inside.
40) 1) dialog: Easy, big boy.
62) 0) text: Gregg, Jill, Cecily and Harry watching Joe's rampage from outside the gate. Jack and Vern run over, covered in mud and overly exited.
62) 2) dialog: And taking out irrigation pipes. One good yank -- on comes the flood.
67) 7) text: They look ridiculous. Jack and Vern are off the dweeb-scale in their ill-fittin tuxes. They crowd the food table, gobbling down appetizers.
67) 36) dialog: (to Vern) There's nothing in this punch, man. I could drink twelve of these and not feel a thing.
67) 41) text: Garth grabs it back.      Strasser nods coolly to Vern an Jack.
67) 43) text: Vern and Jack stumble on, none the wiser. Strasser and Garth slip out.
81) 9) text: Jack and Vern hop out of the car.       Vern is carrying cardboard box.
81) 10) dialog: Baker wants the tent cleaned up A.S.A.P.
81) 14) dialog: Yeah, and we've got the fun job of getting this stuff back to everybody. (pulls out a toupee) Somebody's head is cold!
81) 22) dialog: That, uh... (to Vern) What do you think that one guy is? Russian? Lithuanian?
81) 23) text: It takes less than a second. Gregg springs into action, grabbing the keys to the Blazer out of Jack's hand. He sprints to the car. Jack and Vern watch him go.
110) 5) text: Strasser turns to look back at the park. He no longer has a clear shot at Jill. He realizes he's going to have to move in close. From his jacket he takes a .45 caliber semi-automatic Match Master and a barrel extension which he screws on with great concentration using his gloved hand. Strasser begins to work his way into the park.