106) 8) dialog: Mom, I don't think I can let you go on the ferris wheel.
106) 10) dialog: Because the last time after you ate two hot dogs, you threw up, remember?
106) 13) dialog: Mom, I think I should do this ride by myself.
115) 29) text: The cops are about to move on Gregg and Jill when Jason's Mother, panic-stricken, runs up to Gorman.
115) 36) text: PAN DOWN to reveal -- Joe is heading straight for Jason. Massive muscles pulling him up higher, towards the endangered boy.
115) 43) text: Gorman looks at Jason's Mother, then at Joe. Then at the boy at the top of the Ferris wheel. He motions to his men
116) 0) text: Joe climbing with all his strength, comes to the top of the Ferris wheel. ON JASON -- staring, wide-eyed, at this miraculous animal. He watches, in awe, as Joe extends a massive hand and lifts him out of his seat.
116) 16) dialog: Mom?
116) 17) text: Jason's Mother bursts into joyous sobs as her son climbs into her arms. A general sense of relief passes through the crowd, except for...
116) 23) text: Jill is beyond comfort. She's in another world. Humming their lullaby, she rests her soft cheek in Joe's giant pa for the last time. Her blonde hair spills on his fingers... And then, SLOWLY ENTERING FRAME, a giant finger reaches f Jill's cheek and strokes it gently... It takes Jill a moment to realize she hasn't imagined this... she opens her eyes, sees the moving fingers, turn to look into Joe's face, just as his eyes open... Elated, Jill moves up to Joe's head and kisses his face a thousand times. Gregg takes a deep breath, privately thanking God. Jason's Mother is tearful -- Jason is all smiles. Jill tearfully blathers soothing words...
116) 28) text: Jason's Mother breaks in timidly.
116) 33) text: Jason pushes in front of his mother. He reaches out his little hand and pets Joe. He looks up at Jill and Gregg with a shining face and smiles hopefully. (ALTERNATE END OF SCENE)
116) 36) text: Jason's mother nods hopelessly, comprehending the difficulty of the situation. But Jason has also heard Jill's words. He pushes in front of his mother, reaches into his pocket and pulls out a crumpled dollar bill. He hands it to Jill and Gregg with a shining face and smiles hopefully.
116) 37) dialog: Here.   For Joe.
117) 0) text: Jason walks up and down the aisle collecting pennies. He holds a collection can that reads, simply, "Joe."