0) 5) dialog: But Joe started it!
0) 11) dialog: No it wasn't.    It was Joe.
0) 13) dialog: Check.   Check the pictures. Ruth looks down at her daughter, surprised by the confidence in her voice.
3) 3) dialog: I was right, wasn't I?
3) 8) dialog: (sing-song)
3) 14) text: 'Sleep till the night ends, the night wind will sing for you. Your song and my song. It goes on forever.' As she sings, a man appears in the doorway. This is KWELI, the camp manager. He seems nervous and impatient, but doesn't want to disturb Ruth. Jill sees him.
3) 15) dialog: Goodnight, Kweli. Ruth turns.
3) 21) dialog: Mommy, can I...
5) 0) text: Jill is pacing by the hut, trying to stay put like her mother said. Finally she can stand it no more. She grabs a long, stainless steel flashlight from a peg hanging on the outside of the hut and runs off...
7) 0) text: Running but nearing exhaustion. Hearing a fusillade of GUNSHOTS -- Jill runs faster, panic contorting her face. She runs desperately, swiping at branches, stinging vines.
8) 0) text: Jill shines her flashlight into the forest. Further up, someone waves a light back and forth. Like a signal. Jill's face lights up. She continues running. Suddenly, Jill is bowled over by Joe who leaps into her arms. They roll on the ground, Jill with the wind knocked out of her They look into each other's face and both know that the worst is happening. They are both silent with fear. Strasser appears through the darkness. His right hand wrapped in a bloody swath. Denying the pain. Garth follows, gun up. Jill and Joe lie hiding in the undergrowth. Jill's eyes tell Joe not to make a sound. They barely breathe.
8) 1) text: of Strasser's and Garth's boots. Jill can hear the sound of their voices, but their words are indistinct.
8) 12) text: Jill and Joe lie still as stone as Strasser and Garth continue past. Once they're gone, Joe and Jill begin to breathe again. Then, Jill sees a light pop on in the darkness. She flashes back.
8) 13) dialog: Mom!
8) 15) text: Ruth suddenly emerges from the darkness.      She collaps next to Jill in the undergrowth.
8) 16) dialog: (whispering) Mom, there were men, they...
8) 24) dialog: He's scared.
8) 28) text: Jill is taken aback by her mother's behavior. She knows something is wrong, but she doesn't know what it is.
8) 30) dialog: I... I promise.
8) 31) text: Ruth takes Jill into her arms. She rocks her back and forth, humming the lullaby we heard before.
9) 7) text: Jill nods, trying to stifle her tears. But she is now staring into the woods, sensing that she is being watched.
9) 9) text: Jill pulls her hand away from Kweli's and starts walking toward the woods.
9) 15) text: Jill pushes her way through the brush, finding Joe, waiting for her.
18) 56) dialog: Joe!   Stop!
18) 61) dialog: Joe...
18) 62) text: ON Jill -- she looks at Gregg like he's the lowest form of life on earth.
18) 63) dialog: ... drop him.
21) 0) text: Kweli and Jill have a familial ease with each other as they pick out their groceries.
21) 2) text: Jill looks up toward the infirmary and sees Gregg leaning against his truck, watching them.
21) 3) dialog: Looks like he just has.
21) 7) dialog: He's walking so soon. Joe should have dropped him harder.
21) 9) dialog: (shrugs) He can't be trusted.   He's an outsider.
21) 11) text: Jill looks at Kweli sharply, then back across the street at Gregg, whose eyes continue to assess her. She looks straight back at him, locking into his gaze.
21) 12) dialog: And what did you tell him?
21) 14) text: Jill and Gregg are still holding each other's eyes.
21) 15) dialog: I'll be the judge of that.
21) 16) text: Across the street, Gregg is breaking into a big, slow smile. It unnerves Jill. Kweli, always Jill's protector, catches the action between the two of them and bristles a bit -- but Jill has already turned her back and taken off through the back of the market.
22) 0) text: Jill comes out into a clearing, bordered by a large pool at the base of a magnificent waterfall. She pulls a flashlight out of her back pack and, in the same motion her mother used to summon her, begins waving it back and forth into the surrounding forest.
22) 10) dialog: (cooing to Joe) Hey, handsome. How are you?
22) 12) dialog: What were you thinking yesterday, letting those men see you? Don't do that again, okay? Please. (praying to herself) Please.
22) 13) text: We see the fear in Jill's face, knowing that Joe can't understand what she's saying. She shakes it off and brightens. She gives Joe a playful tussle, then covers her eyes with her hands.
22) 14) dialog: One.   Two.   Three. Four...
22) 16) dialog: ... seven, eight, nine, ten. (yelling) Ready or not, here I come!!
22) 17) text: And Jill runs into the woods after Joe.
22) 19) text: Jill walks through the forest, searching for Joe. It should be clear by now that they are playing hide and seek.
22) 23) dialog: (theatrically) Oh, my God! I can't find Joe. Where's Joe?
22) 29) dialog: Come out, come out... wherever you are!
22) 31) dialog: I found you!
22) 32) text: JOE ROARS, delighted by their game. Jill tussles with him, then gets a mischievous look in her eye.
22) 33) dialog: Bye-bye, Joe!
22) 34) text: Suddenly, she dashes into the woods -- where she's actually small enough to hide well. Joe passes by her, moving through the foliage. In a moment we see how much he fears actually losing her -- he begins to WHIMPER -- and spins around. He stands up to his full height, beats his chest and shakes his head in frustration. He can't bear the idea that she is gone. A beat, then Joe starts tearing bushes out by their roots hunting for Jill. He sees one BUSH RUSTLING, goes over and rips it out of the ground, revealing...
22) 41) dialog: (soothing) Joe!   It's okay.
22) 42) text: Joe stops and turns his head to Jill.
22) 43) dialog: Now get out of here, Joe.     Run.
22) 45) dialog: Run, Joe.   Run!
22) 46) text: Joe looks back at Gregg, still curled into a tight ball. He gives him a playful, parting swat for good measure before obeying Jill and running into the forest. The "little swat" is powerful enough to send Gregg rollin like a croquet ball into a thicket of bushes. Painfully, he uncurls, plucking nettles out of his legs as Jill approaches.
22) 48) text: Jill reaches down to Gregg.        He thinks she's offeri a hand up.
22) 49) dialog: Anything broken?
22) 51) text: Gregg's voice trails off as Jill reaches for the video camera, not him. She examines the camera.
22) 52) dialog: Hmm -- it looks okay.     I think it's still working.
22) 54) dialog: Well -- I can fix that.
23) 0) text: Jill is making good time down the rough terrain of the river bank. Gregg catches up to her.
23) 2) dialog: You. You're the problem. That's the second time I've stopped you from being ripped in two -- and next time I'm just going to watch. Understand?
23) 4) text: Jill stops in her tracks and shoots Gregg a surprised look. He explains gently.
23) 6) dialog: (hiding emotion) So?
23) 8) text: Jill gives a short nod, accepting this tribute. She turns back around and resumes walking. Gregg follows, bursting with questions.
23) 13) dialog: By keeping people like you off the mountain.
23) 15) dialog: You're not helping anybody here. You're just making matters worse.
23) 17) dialog: This mountain will be crawling with people, thanks to you. You go back to wherever you're from, put the word out...
23) 19) text: Jill spins on him.
23) 20) dialog: 'Here' is Joe's home. And 'here' is where he must live. He doesn't have a choice.
23) 22) dialog: Just what Joe needs.   A cage.
23) 27) dialog: But he won't be free.
23) 29) text: Jill hates the ring of truth in Gregg's words.     She tu and takes off down the mountain alone.
28) 1) dialog: She steps out in front of the Poacher's truck. The driver SLAMS on the BRAKES, stopping within an inch of striking her. Alarmed, the Poacher stands in his seat and screams at Jill.
28) 3) text: Jill calmly walks up to the Poacher's side of the vehicle
28) 4) dialog: I found this in the forest this morning. Thought maybe you dropped it and might want it back.
28) 5) text: With that, Jill brazenly steps forward and throws a net over his head. It's a poacher's net. Enraged, the Poacher slowly pulls the net off his head. The other poachers find the scene hilarious. It infuriates Jill.
28) 6) dialog: Poaching is illegal!   Get off this mountain!
28) 13) text: Kweli is trying to give her a way to save face. Jill knows it, but she doesn't want to back down before the poachers. Kweli snatches Jill by the elbow and drags her away. poachers hiss and cat call. Jill walks away slowly. wants to make sure they know she's not running. Kweli hisses furiously into her ear:
29) 0) text: This is Jill's mother's hut. It is full of significant mementos -- her mother's old bulletin board, photographs, research, etc. It feels homey. Kweli, distraught with worries over Jill, rips a photo of her mother from the wall and shoves it in front of her fa
29) 2) dialog: My mother would have been proud of what I did today.
29) 7) dialog: She risked hers -- why shouldn't I risk mine? I'm just doing what I promised, and I promised to protect Joe. And I'm going to do everything I can to stop the poachers...
29) 9) text: Jill holds the photo of her mother tightly in her hands.
29) 11) dialog: They don't want him.   They won't let him come.
29) 13) dialog: (sharply) He needs me.
29) 14) text: It's only half the truth, and they both know the other half -- that Jill needs Joe, too. Kweli sighs. He puts his hand protectively on Jill's shoulder.
29) 16) text: Jill looks away.    She knows he's right.
29) 18) text: Jill looks into Kweli's eyes. He must be very worried, to be checking around like this.
29) 20) text: Kweli leaves Jill to mull it over.
30) 4) dialog: Leaving?
30) 7) dialog: (dubious) You think it will work?
30) 9) text: Across the street at the bar, a chorus of CACKLES rises from a group of drunken poachers. The mere sound of them makes Jill dig her fingers into her arms with anxiety. She looks across at the poachers -- and then back to Gregg, packing up. If she doesn't say this right now, this second, she never will. She snaps.
30) 10) dialog: Okay!
30) 12) dialog: Okay we'll go.
30) 15) dialog: Me and Joe. To that place of yours in California. (off Gregg's look) What?! You didn't think you could take him without me, did you?
30) 20) dialog: No. I am completely unsure about this. But I'll do it. On one condition.
30) 22) dialog: I'm in charge of Joe.
30) 24) dialog: (suspicious) Done? Just like that?     That was way too easy.
30) 26) dialog: No, I'm not.
30) 28) dialog: ... or a fool.
30) 31) text: Jill snorts.    Gregg looks her straight in the eye.
30) 36) dialog: I don't shake. That's not how we make pacts around here.
30) 38) dialog: You have to endure a bite from a Makiki spider.
30) 40) dialog: You'll have a high fever and hallucinations. You'll say things -- lots of things. We'll hear what's in your heart. Then, if your intentions prove true, the pact is made.
30) 43) dialog: That's right.
30) 45) dialog: That's right.    Well?
30) 48) text: Jill smiles. She's satisfied.         This is the answer was looking for.
30) 52) dialog: Good. Maybe you're not a fool after all.
30) 53) text: Gregg scoffs, realizing she was only testing him. Jill turns and starts walking away. Gregg calls after her.
32) 0) text: Jill watches the clouds rush by the mountaintop. Joe stands next to her, looking out at the mountain valley where they've grown up together. Wind sweeps down from the peak. The trees bow and bend gracefully. To Jill, the mountain has never seemed more beautiful. She looks at Joe -- magnificent against the natural tableau of his world. She looks at him, worry on her face about what is about to happen to him. He looks at her trying to understand.
32) 1) dialog: I don't know what else to do.
32) 2) text: CRANE UP so we can see Joe and Jill against the Edenic mountain vista.
35) 0) text: Gregg drives. Jill, almost bouncing with anxiety and excitement, rides shotgun.
35) 1) dialog: There are more cars on this road than I've seen in my entire life, total.
35) 3) text: Jill whips around in her car seat and peers anxiously through the back window.
35) 6) dialog: (anxious) Think he's okay back there?   I think he's okay back there.
35) 8) dialog: You think he's okay back there?
35) 10) dialog: Sorry.    I'm a little tense. (checking behind her again) Yeah.    I think he's okay back there.
35) 12) text: Jill pulls herself away from the back window and faces front again. She stares out at the nondescript sprawl of greater L.A. It looks like non-place. There is no "there" there.
35) 16) dialog: So this is L.A. (perplexed) It all looks the same.   How do you know where you are?
35) 18) text: Gregg glances over at Jill. She is drumming her fingers in her lap with nerves, not listening to a word he's saying. Gregg smiles with empathetic amusement.
35) 20) text: Jill obediently whips around in her seat to check for Joe -- then realizes Gregg was teasing. She settles back down, facing front again.
35) 21) dialog: (blushing) Ha ha.
36) 0) text: A livestock truck, same conservancy labels, travels right behind Gregg and Jill's vehicle. Heavy, open air slats obscure the truck's occupant, but we know who it is.
38) 0) text: Gregg and Jill's car pulls onto the grounds of the California Animal Conservancy. A sprawling campus of stucco buildings and lifelike habitats, the conservancy is a state-of-the-art preserve. The car passes the main gate, where a worker in a conservancy uniform waves Gregg through. As the live- stock truck pulls in behind them, the worker picks up his walkie-talkie.
39) 16) text: Harry trails off as Jill gets out of the car.
39) 21) text: Jill steps forward, shy and polite.        She extends he
39) 22) dialog: Hello. It's a privilege to meet you both.
39) 26) dialog: Coming, Joe! Hold on! (to Harry) I think he'd like to come out now -- if you don't mind.
39) 28) text: Jill and Gregg look at each other, excited. This is the moment they've been waiting for. They grin at each other.
39) 32) text: Harry whirls around and waves over a pair of nerdy, grad- school-geek conservancy workers, JACK and VERN. They run eagerly forward to take orders. They gawk at Jill, each one instantly deciding she is the woman of their dreams. Harry barks at them, bringing them back to attention.
39) 34) dialog: (quickly) We won't need any of that.
40) 3) dialog: I'll take it from here. Jack and Vern are only too happy to let Jill take over.
40) 8) dialog: Come on, Joe.     Come on, big guy.
40) 18) text: Vern picks up a camera and scrambles to get into position -- but he's so nervous that he trips, sprawling on the ground and startling Joe. Joe turns and scampers back into the trailer. Vern gets back on his feet, red-faced. Jill glares at Harry. Gregg just chuckles at the stupidity. Harry blames Vern.
40) 21) dialog: Come on, ya big baby. Come on back.   Do I have to come in there and get you myself?
40) 28) dialog: (soothing) That's it. That-a-boy.
40) 31) text: Everyone holds their breath as Joe completes the crossing Gregg looks over at Jill. Her eyes are glistening. Joe heads up through the back of the habitat, already investigating his new home. Everyone exhales.
40) 33) text: Jill is instantly alarmed.     She turns to Harry.
40) 34) dialog: Hold on -- I'm going in with him.
40) 41) dialog: But you said -- I'm in charge of Joe.
40) 43) text: Jill looks over at Gregg, distraught. Gregg shakes his head, disgusted -- he sees exactly where this is going.
41) 0) text: Jill and Gregg are at a door that Gregg is unlocking. Jill paces angrily and storms through the door as Gregg opens it. CAMERA FOLLOWS Gregg in. He's carrying her bags.
41) 1) dialog: (imitating Harry) 'I'm in charge of this facility.' Who is that guy? I bet that man hasn't spent one night outside in his entire life.
41) 3) dialog: You said I was going to be in charge of Joe. I should be sleeping down there, with him, not in this... this... (taking in the space) cage.
41) 4) text: Gregg is grim and quiet. He thinks what she's saying is true. He sets her bags down, detesting the antiseptic space as much as she does. Feeling claustrophobic, Jill dashes to the window and tries to open it. It's a double-paned window. The top doesn't open at all -- the bottom cranks open three inches, barely letting in air. Jill pushes on the window, horrified?
41) 5) dialog: What's wrong with this window? (pushing on it) That's all it opens? That's all?
41) 10) dialog: (growing breathless) This is wrong. This is all wrong... (pleading) Please, fix it, or do something...
41) 11) text: It only takes a second. Gregg grabs a pillow from the couch and lays it against the top portion of the window. He gives it one swift karate chop, breaking out the glass He methodically breaks out the remaining shards, dusts of the pillow, and carefully replaces it on the couch. Jill just stares at him, open-mouthed.    Gregg looks her straight in the eye.
41) 14) dialog: (small voice) Thank you.
43) 0) text: Jill leans on her elbows, staring out her recently-broken window, a lost look on her face.
44) 0) text: The CAMERA LEAVES Jill's window and FINDS Joe, sitting in his man-made grassy field, looking equally lost and lonely. He is unsure of what to do with himself, confused by his surroundings.
48) 0) text: Mementos, photos, and fabrics from home are strewn around, already adding Jill's warmth and personality to the place. Jill is standing at the window hanging an African piece of fabric as a makeshift curtain when a piercing ALARM RINGS OUT over the compound. Worried by the urgent sound of the alarm, Jill steps down and hurries out the door.
49) 0) text: Jill runs out of the building and almost collides with Gregg, who is rushing in..
49) 2) dialog: What is that noise?
50) 0) text: Jill and Gregg drive up to the habitat.   As they come close, Gregg finds Cecily.
50) 11) text: Jill and Gregg come running up behind them.   Jill yells to Harry.
50) 15) dialog: Harry!   Jump out from behind the tree!
50) 17) dialog: Jump out and say 'You found me!'
50) 23) dialog: He's playing hide and seek.
50) 24) text: Jill starts rooting around in the trees, pretending not to see Joe.
50) 25) dialog: Okay, where are you? Come out, big guy! Where'd he go? (finding him) There you are!
52) 0) text: Gregg and Cecily watch as Jill plays hide and seek with Joe. Jill dashes away and runs over to Gregg. She is absolutely glowing, bouncing around with happiness.   She grabs both his arms, jumping up and down.
52) 1) dialog: He's playing!    Did you see?
52) 4) dialog: He likes it here! Isn't it great?
53) 0) text: A KNOCK at Jill's apartment door. She opens it and lights up to see Gregg standing there. Gregg looks past her into the room. She's made some changes; the bed's on the floor and a few large potted ferns crowd the room.
53) 2) dialog: Too bad it's always so cold -- somebody broke my window.
53) 5) dialog: I know! This is working out -- better than I expected.
53) 7) text: Jill looks at Gregg keenly.    He's acting like he's got something to tell her.
53) 11) dialog: Where you going?
53) 13) text: Jill stays light.
53) 14) dialog: No kidding?   When do you leave?
53) 16) text: Jill just nods. Gregg is struggling -- this is more difficult than it's ever been for him. He tries to be nonchalant...
53) 20) text: Jill shrugs, acting like she doesn't care either.
53) 21) dialog: Oh -- of course.
54) 0) text: Gregg turns and heads back down the hall.    Jill sticks head out and calls after him.
54) 1) dialog: (biting)
56) 27) text: He looks back at the TV, where Jill is on screen.
58) 2) text: Throw money... throw money... Jill and Cecily drive up in an electric cart. Jill jumps out, wearing a conservancy T-shirt, and from the looks of things she's been working hard in the habitat all day. She's a lovely mess, head to toe.
58) 6) dialog: Harry -- see what's in that cart? That's all we have left of the lobelia leaves for Joe. Did you by any chance place that new order I asked for?
58) 8) dialog: (sympathetic) I wouldn't be surprised if you forgot, considering you have so much on your mind.
58) 13) dialog: (beaming) Thank you so much.
58) 14) text: Cecily rolls her eyes.     Jill winks at her conspiratorially.
58) 19) text: Jill smiles to herself. She turns to get back to her other business, and almost walks right into: Gregg. He's been leaning against a wall, and he's caught the whole thing.
58) 21) text: Jill just stares for a moment, trying to decide how to handle Gregg's sudden reappearnce. His clothes look travelled in, and another month in Africa has put a deeper shade of brown on his face. He's got the ragged look of someone who's just gotten off a 16-hour flight.
58) 23) text: Jill nods and starts walking like someone with urgent business to attend to. Gregg falls in beside her.
58) 24) dialog: You're back early. What happened? Run out of humvees to crash?
58) 29) dialog: (frosty) Really? And why is that?
58) 31) text: Gregg smiles teasingly at Jill but she's in no mood to melt that easily. He continues.
58) 33) dialog: (cool) No thanks. I still don't want to leave Joe.
58) 35) dialog: (flip) What's to see? Beach is that way, mountains are that way, Mexico's that way, Canada's that way...
58) 38) text: Gregg reaches out and pulls a piece of straw from Jill's tossled locks. She can't help herself anymore -- and breaks into a slow smile.
58) 39) dialog: I'll brush my hair if you take a shower.
60) 0) text: It's a beautiful and lively night on Venice Beach. A few people have made bonfires along the water's edge, and the MUSIC of a DISTANT bar band wafts through the air. It's a magic night. Gregg and Jill walk away from a funky food shack, festooned with tiny lights. They share a carton of fish and chips.
60) 1) dialog: So this is what you call a good meal in a fine restaurant?
60) 3) text: Yeah. Gregg grins at Jill, all boyish charm. She stiffles a smile, struggling to hold on to her pervious indignation.
60) 7) dialog: Don't point that smile at me. I'm still mad at you for taking off and leaving me here all alone.
60) 9) dialog: (doesn't buy it) Uh-huh...
60) 11) text: Jill nods at the truth of this.    She continues, almost to herself:
60) 12) dialog: (softly) That's right. Me and Joe.   Just like always.
60) 13) text: There is a lonliness about Jill as she says this.     Gre senses it.
60) 15) dialog: (shrugs) Never had anyone to bring home anyway. All that stuff -- I don't even know what it's like.
60) 17) dialog: (defensive/dismissive) Whatever you want to call it. Being in love.
60) 22) dialog: Oh yeah?   How's that?
60) 24) dialog: Fever?   Really. How high?
60) 26) dialog: Interesting.   Hallucinations with that?
60) 28) text: Gregg is very close to Jill. He wants to kiss her right now. Jill smiles. She knows what he's doing. Maybe she'll let Gregg kiss her. Just then:
60) 29) dialog: Aaah!
60) 33) dialog: Come on!
60) 34) text: Jill and Gregg bolt for the car.
62) 0) text: Gregg, Jill, Cecily and Harry watching Joe's rampage from outside the gate. Jack and Vern run over, covered in mud and overly exited.
62) 7) text: Do you? Jill's brow is furrowed with concern.
62) 8) dialog: No.
63) 0) text: Jill has done her job.    Joe is calm but spent, leaning against a tree. Jill sits in his lap, softly singing the same lullaby we heard her mother sing to her 12 years ago. She caresses the palm of Joe's giant leathery paw, her tiny white hand almost disappearing in its black folds. Gregg watches, leaning against a tree not ten feet away. It is the most intimate moment between Jill and Joe that he has seen yet. The tableau invokes myth: the beauty in the service of the beast; the man who has come to free her.
64) 3) text: PULL OUT to find: Baker, facing off with Jill. She looks flushed with emotion as she follows Baker around the room dogging him.
64) 4) dialog: (adamant) Please, Mr. Baker -- I   wouldn't be asking you to postpone   the benefit unless I thought there   was something really wrong   with Joe. And I do.
64) 6) dialog: I swear to you, Joe's still not himself -- he's nervous and agitated. He shouldn't be exposed to a crowd of strangers right now. If you would only delay the party a few more...
64) 8) dialog: (adamant) No.   It's too soon.
64) 13) text: With that, Baker gives Jill his back and starts a phone call. Frustrated, Jill turns and walks out of the room.
65) 0) text: Jill storms out of Baker's office stewing, head down. She's walking so fast that she collides into a man coming the other way.
65) 1) dialog: Oh!   Excuse me.
65) 4) text: It's Strasser. He's tamed his looks and dressed himself in modest attire. With his damaged hand concealed in his pocket and a pleasant smile arranged on his face, he has re-invented himself. He comes across like a friendly conservationist. He stares openly at Jill.       It flusters her.
65) 6) dialog: Yes...?
65) 8) text: The words electrify Jill.       She almost gasps.
65) 13) dialog: How wonderful to meet you.   What are you doing here?
65) 16) text: Bingo.   Jill's face falls.    The guilt is working alrea
65) 17) dialog: Raha?   A preserve?
65) 19) text: Strasser shakes his head at the inhumanity of it all. His clever words work on Jill like a charm -- she looks absolutely crestfallen. He pretends to comfort her.
65) 21) dialog: I'll look forward to it.
65) 23) text: Strasser walks off, leaving Jill deep in thought. He smiles to himself, certain he's landed a direct hit.
67) 16) text: Gregg picks up a glass of champagne for Jill and starts crossing the room to her.
67) 19) dialog: (self-conscious) Tell me the truth -- do I look stupid in this? Everyone is staring at me.
67) 21) text: Jill turns and sees a ridiculous-looking decorative mountain of bananas sitting on a table top just behind her. It's the creation of an over-zealous caterer. Jill blushes, realizing Gregg's joking.
67) 25) dialog: Very funny.
69) 12) text: There is a tremendous CRACKING sound from behind the curtain. The audience murmurs. Harry sweats. Jill grabs Gregg's hand tightly.
69) 14) text: CRASH! Before Harry can say "Young," a TREE comes CRASHING through the curtain. Gregg leaps forward, knocking Harry out of the way just as the tree crushes the podium into kindling. Joe comes blasting through the hole in the curtain.    He has joined the party. Joe stands on the stage, his chest heaving. There is total silence. The party guests are frozen with fear, literally speechless. A few of them laugh nervously, wondering if this is really just part of the show. But Jill knows better. She and Gregg exchange glances -- what the hell is going on? Jill rises, trying to stay calm herself, and slowly approaches Joe, speaking in a soothing voice. She wants to get his attention.
69) 15) dialog: (soothing) Hey, Joe. I'm right here. You hear me? Good boy. Take it easy, Joe. We don't want to scare anybody, do we?
69) 23) dialog: My God.   What's wrong with him?
69) 25) dialog: No -- let me stop him.
69) 32) dialog: is pushing against the tide of people to get to Joe. Somebody shoves against her hard: it's Baker, in a panic to get away.
69) 39) dialog: is scrambling over broken tables and chairs to get to Joe when he turns sharply away from her.
72) 0) text: A holding room.    A cage criss-crossed by six-inch steel bars. Joe stares out through one narrow window. He sees a bar-striped slice of blue sky. He reaches up one hand towards the window -- he can't even fit it through the bars. He still looks drugged and despondent. Hunched over. His head almost scrapes the ceiling. His breathing raspy. On the other side of the bars, Jill and Gregg hover like distraught parents. Jill pets Joe's fur through the bars.
72) 1) dialog: Joe... look at me. Over here, big guy.
72) 2) text: Joe barely reacts.    Jill is near tears.
72) 6) dialog: (to Gregg) I knew something was wrong with him.
72) 8) dialog: (shaking her head) Joe never would have hurt all those people unprovoked... something must have got to him.
72) 10) text: Jill looks at Gregg, considering this for the first time.
72) 14) text: Jill nods. She takes one last look at Joe, then walks out of the room, leaving... Gregg, alone with Joe for the first time since Joe held him upside down in the jungle. Gregg leans against the cage next to Joe. They have never been in such close proximity before. The expressive-ness in Joe's eyes is uncanny -- Gregg feels almost as if he could understand what he's saying.
73) 0) text: Jill and Harry are in the observation area, a glassed-off room that looks into the holding cell. Harry is still extremely rattled from the fiasco of the night before. He's trying to act tough but he's torn up inside, not sur who he's worried about more -- Joe or himself.
73) 2) dialog: About what?
73) 4) dialog: (freaking out)
73) 7) dialog: Listen, Harry, either you tell them you're getting Joe out of there or I will!
73) 9) dialog: (interrupting)
73) 12) dialog: That's it?    You're not going to do anything?
73) 16) dialog: I need your help.
74) 0) text: An ANIMAL CONTROL OFFICER stands guard outside the bunker Gregg, Cecily, and Jill walk casually towards the Officer The Officer straightens up and looks tough. He comes forward halfway to meet them.
74) 5) text: Gregg hangs back with the A.C. Officer as Cecily and Jill disappear inside. To buy time for Cecily and Jill, Gregg pretends to take the big lug into his confidences.
75) 1) dialog: Come on, Joe. We're leaving. Let's get you out of here. The open door has a stronger effect on Joe than the sedatives in his system. He clambers to his feet and follows Jill out of the cage.
75) 11) text: The Officer suddenly grabs his neck, which now has a tranquilizer dart sticking out of it. Jill lowers a tranq gun.
75) 12) dialog: (simply) He didn't believe you.
76) 2) text: Now Jill and Gregg lead Joe outside as Cecily opens the doors to the trailer. Joe climbs inside.
77) 10) text: Jill puts her arms around Harry.    He's antsy and embarrassed.
77) 11) dialog: You're not such a big coward after all.
77) 13) text: Harry disengages from Jill and disappears back where he came from. Now Cecily turns to Jill.    She hugs her with great emot
77) 18) dialog: I promise.
77) 19) text: Cecily moves off, leaving Gregg and Jill alone to say good-bye. They look into each other's eyes, hating to part, everything they have to say to each other still unsaid.
77) 20) dialog: (yearning) You coming to the airport, or...?
77) 22) text: Jill is crumbling. For her, it's awful to leave him, but he's not acting heart-broken at all. Confused, she tries desperately to stay light. She chatters like a nervous schoolgirl.
77) 23) dialog: (stammering) Well -- if you're ever in Botswana, come by and take me out to a good meal in a fine restaurant. That is, if you're not afraid to tell Joe that you'll get me home by...
77) 26) text: Gregg shuts the trailer door and walks off, not daring to look back. Jill is about to call after him when Strasser steps back out of the passenger's side of the trailer. He whispers urgently:
77) 28) text: Jill runs to the passenger side of the trailer.
78) 0) text: Hopping into the trailer, Jill comes face to face with Garth, who is sitting behind the steering wheel. He nods to her, all business.
80) 0) text: Jill sits nervously between Strasser and Garth as the trailer leaves the gate of the conservancy.
82) 0) text: Jill glances nervously back as they drive down surface streets. She looks over at Strasser. In the passing light of the street lamps, he is regaining his sinister sheen. Garth is driving the trailer very fast. They hit a bump, making them lurch in their seat. Jill hears JOE go THUD in the trailer.
82) 1) dialog: Please!   Be careful...
82) 3) text: His tone has something vaguely malevolent in it.    It rankles Jill.
82) 4) dialog: My mother was brave.
82) 6) text: Jill looks at Strasser sharply. For the first time, she really notices his strange, leather hand. For reasons she's not yet conscious of, it scares her. Strasser notices that Jill is staring at his hand.
82) 11) dialog: (looking away) I'm sorry. (beat) What happened?
82) 14) text: Strasser and Garth chuckle -- they think they're just sharing a private joke. But Jill has a troubled look in her eyes -- the foreign epithet has struck a chord from long ago... she struggles to remember... Then she gets it. She sees herself crouching in the forest with Joe over 12 years ago, overhearing Strasser's curses, and her blood runs cold. She glances at Strasser, everything dawning on her at once. The hand... the face... it all comes together for Jill. Strasser catches the look on Jill's face and knows some- thing is wrong. Adrenaline is pumping through her. Unsure of how to make her next move, Jill tries to hide the realization that is crashing down on her... She glances in the side view mirror of the truck and sees: Gregg, driving up behind them in the Conservancy vehicle. Jill's face reacts ever so slightly, but Strasser catches it. He follows her eye line, looking where she looked, and as he also spots Gregg, Jill knows the game is up. She loses it and screams:
82) 15) dialog: Murdering bastard!
82) 16) text: Jill slams her elbow into Strasser's nose. Strasser's face reflexively goes down in his hands. Stunned, Garth swerves at the wheel. Fast as lightning, Jill grabs his hair and slams his face into the dash. Before the men can recover, Jill kicks and claws her way over Strasser's back, fighting toward the open window...
83) 0) text: Jill falls, hitting the running board and bouncing hard onto the concrete roadway. Two CARS swerve and CRASH around her.
84) 1) text: THROUGH the slats in the trailer, Joe sees Jill almost being hit by the cars. He goes crazy, trying to get out, rocking the trailer back and forth...
85) 0) text: Jill lifts her head off the concrete and screams futilely after Joe:
85) 1) dialog: Joe!   Get out!
86) 0) text: Strasser looks back at Jill lying on the road and slams the truck door closed.
87) 0) text: Gregg sees Jill up ahead and SLAMS on the BRAKES. He jumps out of his car and races to her side. He reaches her and scoops her away, narrowly saving her from being hit by another passing car.
89) 0) text: Gregg checks Jill over. She is bruised and bloody, but she doesn't seem to notice. She just stares after the trailer and moans...
89) 1) dialog: (to herself)
92) 11) text: It's as if he's seeing a completely different animal than everyone else around him. It's a look we've seen in young Jill's eyes. Ray looks down the street at the approaching cop cars and back at Joe. He understands the danger. Ray points the right way for Joe to go, away from the police cars. Joe watches Ray closely, as if he were studying the boy's face. Then he moves off in the direction Ray was pointing, towards:
95) 0) text: Gregg and Jill pull up to the overturned trailer, see the wreckage... but no sign of Joe. Stunned, they whirl around, hoping he'll still be somewhere in sight...
95) 5) text: Jill is overwhelmed with frustration. In seconds, she climbs on top of the overturned can and screams at the top of her lungs:
95) 6) dialog: (screaming) Joe!   Joe!
95) 9) text: Jill hops down and she and Gregg tear off down the street towards the gathered crowd at the Chinese Theater.
98) 0) text: As Jill and Gregg run up, Cops are interviewing witnesses to Joe's flight. One CREW-CUT COP speaks into his walkie- talkie.
98) 2) dialog: (screaming at Cop)
98) 3) text: No! He's not dangerous! You're dangerous! You're dangerous! The Cop gives Jill a look that says she's two seconds awa from handcuffs.
98) 5) text: She didn't mean that. Gregg drags Jill away before she gets arrested.
98) 6) dialog: (shouting back at Cop)
98) 9) dialog: They're going to shoot him. Gregg looks up over the facade of the theater to the hill beyond.
104) 0) text: Gregg and Jill arrive on the scene. They look down from the overpass and see cops swarming around the area where Joe was, shining their flashlights into the brush and talking to motorists.
104) 2) text: ON JILL -- drifting off, as something O.S. catches her attention.
104) 3) dialog: Look.
104) 7) dialog: That's where he'll go. He'll think that's me calling him.
107) 0) text: Jill and Gregg run under the archway. People rush past them. They fight their way through the crowd.
107) 1) dialog: He's gotta be here.   Do you see him?
107) 2) text: Gregg and Jill scan the amusement park, looking for the source of all the commotion.
108) 14) text: He raises the gun again, gets the sight lined up just as Gregg and Jill pass near the klieg light. Garth grabs the gun, just as Strasser is about to pull the trigger.
110) 5) text: Strasser turns to look back at the park. He no longer has a clear shot at Jill. He realizes he's going to have to move in close. From his jacket he takes a .45 caliber semi-automatic Match Master and a barrel extension which he screws on with great concentration using his gloved hand. Strasser begins to work his way into the park.
111) 0) text: Jill and Gregg pick themselves up off the ground.
111) 1) dialog: What was that? Then they spot the fire, spreading to the Ferris wheel. Gregg turns to Jill.
111) 4) dialog: heads over to the carnival games.
114) 0) text: Jill moves through the maze of carnival games. She spots Joe, moving through the small buildings, clearly disoriented. She yells out...
114) 1) dialog: Joe!   Joe!! But above the tumult, he can't hear her. Jill pushes her way towards him, when she comes face to face with... Strasser. Just yards away.      He flashes his sickening smile, raises his gun... ON JILL -- a look of terror crossing her face as she realizes she's about to die. Then, as a shadow passes over her, her expression of terror melts away. ON STRASSER -- seeing Jill's expression, his smile fades. Why's she so calm all of a sudden? He doesn't even need to turn around to know that: Joe is behind him. As Strasser turns slowly around, Joe reaches down swiftly and hoists Strasser off the ground. The GUN GOES OFF, barely missing Joe. JOE ROARS and crushes Strasser's left hand in his paw, a bone-crunching slow squeeze that makes Strasser scream in agony. Then Joe swings Strasser around and grabs him around the chest with his right paw. He pulls him close to his face and blasts a DEAFENING ROAR into his face. Joe cocks his arm and heaves Strasser with mighty force into the air. Screaming, Strasser hurtles through space with incredible speed, CRASHING right through the flaming signage of the "Big Safari" booth, sending out a SHOWER OF SPARKS... ... and continues flying through the air until WHACK! hangs up on a power line. Strasser slips down, catching his fall with his fake hand This section of the LINE is safe, but directly below it i a cluster of electrical junction boxes. Cracked and blistered by the heat of the nearby fire, they are sparki dangerously -- to fall on to them would mean certain electrocution.
115) 0) text: Jill stands where she is, frozen at the horrible sight of what has just happened. A dozen people scream and recoil. A swarm of policemen, led by Commander Gorman, watch Joe's violent action in stunned silence. Gorman motions to his men.
115) 2) text: Jill knows what's coming. Convincing Gorman is hopeless. She runs to Joe. Fearing for his life, she calls for him to follow her deeper into the park.
115) 3) dialog: Come on, Joe.    Come on.
115) 5) dialog: (breathlessly) Joe got Strasser. He was trying to kill me.
115) 12) dialog: Joe?
115) 14) dialog: Joe!
115) 19) text: Gregg and Jill run into the crosshairs, waving their arms.
115) 26) dialog: Stop! He's not dangerous, please...
115) 29) text: The cops are about to move on Gregg and Jill when Jason's Mother, panic-stricken, runs up to Gorman.
115) 31) dialog: Look!
115) 38) dialog: He'll save your boy.
116) 5) text: WIDEN SHOT -- The Ferris wheel begins to tip over. ON JILL -- a look of horror passes over her face as well.
116) 14) dialog: breaks free from Gregg and runs toward Joe.   Jason's Mother races with her.
116) 18) dialog: She kneels by Joe stroking his great chest. Joe doesn't respond. Jill bows her head and cries deeply. People back away to give her room. How strange to see this huge, powerful animal stilled. Gregg comes and kneels by Joe's side. He checks for a heart beat. For wounds. Joe doesn't stir. Gregg is devastated, too. PAN CROWD... Firemen, paramedics and television reporters run through the park. The paramedics lead off the wounded.
116) 23) text: Jill is beyond comfort. She's in another world. Humming their lullaby, she rests her soft cheek in Joe's giant pa for the last time. Her blonde hair spills on his fingers... And then, SLOWLY ENTERING FRAME, a giant finger reaches f Jill's cheek and strokes it gently... It takes Jill a moment to realize she hasn't imagined this... she opens her eyes, sees the moving fingers, turn to look into Joe's face, just as his eyes open... Elated, Jill moves up to Joe's head and kisses his face a thousand times. Gregg takes a deep breath, privately thanking God. Jason's Mother is tearful -- Jason is all smiles. Jill tearfully blathers soothing words...
116) 24) dialog: (kissing Joe's head) That's right, Joe -- that's right, big guy. That was a big fall but you're okay, aren't you? You're tough. You're so tough. Yes you are. Yes you are.
116) 26) text: Jill looks at Gregg with a heavy heart.
116) 27) dialog: (bitter/rhetorical) Somewhere safe? Where is that?
116) 33) text: Jason pushes in front of his mother. He reaches out his little hand and pets Joe. He looks up at Jill and Gregg with a shining face and smiles hopefully. (ALTERNATE END OF SCENE)
116) 34) text: Jill shakes her head at the mother and continues to pet Joe softly.
116) 35) dialog: (kindly) No. I don't think so. Not unless you have a few million dollars on you to buy him a home somewhere.
116) 36) text: Jason's mother nods hopelessly, comprehending the difficulty of the situation. But Jason has also heard Jill's words. He pushes in front of his mother, reaches into his pocket and pulls out a crumpled dollar bill. He hands it to Jill and Gregg with a shining face and smiles hopefully.
116) 38) text: Gregg and Jill are moved by the gesture. Gregg respect- fully takes the dollar from the little boy while everyone looks on.
116) 44) text: Gregg's hands and pockets are being stuffed with money as dozens of people begin to come forward with whatever they can afford. Gregg looks at Jill, overwhelmed by what's happening, and her face echoes his emotions...
122) 0) text: The blue sky above Africa.    CRANE DOWN to see: An entry gate with the words "Joe Young Wildlife Park" printed across the top. Beneath the gate: Kweli, standing with Jill and Gregg, is blowing a ceremonial horn, sending an ancient blessing into the air. As he finishes, we hear applause. PULL BACK to reveal 35 people -- locals, villagers, friends -- applauding the opening of the park. Voiceover begins:
122) 1) dialog: Dear Cecily: I promised to write you when Joe was settled and now I finally can. We finally dedicated the Joe Young Wildlife Park last week and it was one of the happiest days of my life. At last I have kept my promise to my mother. Under the gate, Jill jumps joyously on Gregg, and he whirls her around in a tight embrace.
122) 2) dialog: Joe seems so happy here. I know he feels that he's safe. Gregg looks O.S. and waves.
122) 4) dialog: He and Gregg have become good friends. They even play together. And that jealous rivalry they had? It's all gone. Joe swats Gregg to the ground and takes his place next to Jill.
122) 5) dialog: Well... almost all gone.
122) 9) dialog: It's been a long journey getting to this place, but Joe is finally home. I think we all are.