3) 14) text: 'Sleep till the night ends, the night wind will sing for you. Your song and my song. It goes on forever.' As she sings, a man appears in the doorway. This is KWELI, the camp manager. He seems nervous and impatient, but doesn't want to disturb Ruth. Jill sees him.
3) 17) dialog: You should come. Quickly. As soon as she hears the words, Ruth is up.      As she l the hut, she grabs her walking stick.
3) 23) dialog: (fatherly)
4) 0) text: A group of Bahatu trackers have gathered in the center of the camp. They stand, silently, listening... The distant CHIMING of the poaching dogs is unmistakable ECHOING in the night. Ruth walks into the circle, also listening.      She turn Kweli.
4) 2) text: Poachers. Kweli nods.    All the men look at Ruth for a sign.
9) 6) dialog: Don't worry, little one.   I will take care of you.
9) 8) dialog: You will love living in the village. There are other children, and...
9) 9) text: Jill pulls her hand away from Kweli's and starts walking toward the woods.
9) 10) dialog: Jill!
19) 1) text: LOOKING UP AT KWELI, 12 years older than we last saw him. Kweli looks right INTO CAMERA, then says something over his shoulder in Swahili.
19) 7) dialog: The infirmary. You've been unconscious for an entire night. You're lucky to be alive.
19) 11) dialog: You crashed your vehicle. It is waiting for you outside.
19) 13) text: Kweli chuckles.
19) 15) dialog: N'Gai Zamu is just a legend, my friend.
19) 18) dialog: A woman?
19) 23) text: Kweli gives him a patronizing smile.
19) 24) dialog: You were dreaming, Mr. Ohara.
19) 26) text: Gregg sits up in bed and swings his feet to the floor. Kweli turns and heads for the door.
19) 27) dialog: It would be wise for you to see a doctor in Kimjayo. I took the liberty of calling one for you.
19) 29) dialog: But he is expecting you. If you can drive, you should leave today.
19) 30) text: Kweli walks out of the room. Gregg squints after him, sensing that something is up.
20) 7) text: Gregg shakes his head, smiling, and follows them with his eyes as they fly by like a flock of birds. He watches as they dart into the open air market, playfully knocking aside a familiar individual: Kweli.    We watch from...
20) 8) text: as Kweli steps into a fruit stall, letting the kids fly by him. Then Gregg's eyes widen as a tall and lovely young woman steps INTO VIEW next to Kweli.
21) 0) text: Kweli and Jill have a familial ease with each other as they pick out their groceries.
21) 1) dialog: Our visitor must be feeling better. He should be leaving the infirmary today.
21) 8) dialog: He's not a poacher, Jill. He's working for an animal conservancy in California.
21) 10) dialog: A grateful outsider. He told me he was saved yesterday by a woman. (teasing Jill) A beautiful woman.
21) 11) text: Jill looks at Kweli sharply, then back across the street at Gregg, whose eyes continue to assess her. She looks straight back at him, locking into his gaze.
21) 13) dialog: What could I tell him? He knows what he saw. He's not a fool.
21) 16) text: Across the street, Gregg is breaking into a big, slow smile. It unnerves Jill. Kweli, always Jill's protector, catches the action between the two of them and bristles a bit -- but Jill has already turned her back and taken off through the back of the market.
28) 10) dialog: Jill!   Jill Young!
28) 11) text: Everyone turns to see Kweli walking quickly towards them.
28) 12) dialog: (to Jill) Come here immediately! You are needed at the school this moment!
28) 13) text: Kweli is trying to give her a way to save face. Jill knows it, but she doesn't want to back down before the poachers. Kweli snatches Jill by the elbow and drags her away. poachers hiss and cat call. Jill walks away slowly. wants to make sure they know she's not running. Kweli hisses furiously into her ear:
28) 14) dialog: We have to talk. Now.
29) 0) text: This is Jill's mother's hut. It is full of significant mementos -- her mother's old bulletin board, photographs, research, etc. It feels homey. Kweli, distraught with worries over Jill, rips a photo of her mother from the wall and shoves it in front of her fa
29) 1) dialog: Your mother slept in this bed. She worked at this desk. She died in this jungle. Do you plan to do everything just like her?
29) 3) dialog: (angry) Proud? Of that foolishness out there? Of you risking your life?
29) 8) dialog: You can't stop them. (more gently) Even she couldn't stop them.
29) 10) dialog: Jill, the other gorillas have moved south, to safer lands... but Joe has stayed behind.
29) 12) dialog: Maybe... or maybe you won't let him go.
29) 14) text: It's only half the truth, and they both know the other half -- that Jill needs Joe, too. Kweli sighs. He puts his hand protectively on Jill's shoulder.
29) 15) dialog: The danger here is building for both of you. I feel it -- and so do you.
29) 17) dialog: I know what the American is offering, Jill.
29) 18) text: Jill looks into Kweli's eyes. He must be very worried, to be checking around like this.
29) 19) dialog: Think about what he has to say. That's all I ask.
29) 20) text: Kweli leaves Jill to mull it over.
120) 0) text: Kweli walks through the outdoor bar, collecting money for Joe from a half dozen villagers. A hand, holding a few crumpled bills, taps him on the back. Kweli turns around and comes face to face with Pindi. Pindi stuffs the money in Kweli's can and grins.
122) 0) text: The blue sky above Africa.    CRANE DOWN to see: An entry gate with the words "Joe Young Wildlife Park" printed across the top. Beneath the gate: Kweli, standing with Jill and Gregg, is blowing a ceremonial horn, sending an ancient blessing into the air. As he finishes, we hear applause. PULL BACK to reveal 35 people -- locals, villagers, friends -- applauding the opening of the park. Voiceover begins: