1) 3) text: Bursting THROUGH FRAME -- a pack of mongrel hunting dogs driven hard by a half dozen African men with rifles. Poachers wielding pangas (machetes). A glint of silver as a panga sweeps ACROSS FRAME, hacking at the wall of thistles and nettles.
4) 2) text: Poachers. Kweli nods.    All the men look at Ruth for a sign.
6) 6) text: A nightmarish collage of images accompanied by the CLANGING of the dogs' COLLARS, the charge of the African poachers, the SCREAMS of the MOTHER and the other GORILLAS. Then he sees Strasser run forward, raise his rifle with icy precision.
28) 0) text: In the center of the village, two trucks of rough-looking men are gassing up their vehicles. A third truck arrives from the other direction. It's a POACHER we recognize, one of Pindi's men, accompanied by a half dozen others, all armed with rifles
28) 2) dialog: Stupid girl! What do you think you're doing?
28) 3) text: Jill calmly walks up to the Poacher's side of the vehicle
28) 5) text: With that, Jill brazenly steps forward and throws a net over his head. It's a poacher's net. Enraged, the Poacher slowly pulls the net off his head. The other poachers find the scene hilarious. It infuriates Jill.
28) 13) text: Kweli is trying to give her a way to save face. Jill knows it, but she doesn't want to back down before the poachers. Kweli snatches Jill by the elbow and drags her away. poachers hiss and cat call. Jill walks away slowly. wants to make sure they know she's not running. Kweli hisses furiously into her ear:
30) 0) text: A poacher's truck, carrying six rowdy poachers, speeds down the main street, kicking up a cloud of dust. The dust cloud envelops Gregg, making him cough as he repacks some of the damaged equipment in his truck.
30) 9) text: Across the street at the bar, a chorus of CACKLES rises from a group of drunken poachers. The mere sound of them makes Jill dig her fingers into her arms with anxiety. She looks across at the poachers -- and then back to Gregg, packing up. If she doesn't say this right now, this second, she never will. She snaps.
81) 15) text: Digging in the box again, Vern innocently pulls out the poacher's dog collar. It means nothing to him, but Gregg instantly grabs for it.