4) 9) text: Strasser leads a breakneck pace through the woods. Garth looks around as the AFRICANS begin to murmur something ov and over. These men seem scared...
4) 12) dialog: Mystical nonsense. There's only one thing they should be afraid of on this mountain. (threatening, to the men)
4) 13) text: And it's staring them right in the face! The men stare back at Strasser with equal hostility. Suddenly, Garth kneels and picks something from the ground. Rubs it between his fingers. Deposits it in Strasser's hand.
6) 0) text: The African men fan out. It gets quiet fast. Strasser and Garth swing rifles down from their shoulders as they stalk. Proficient hunting machines.
6) 1) dialog: His predator's eyes scanning the moonlit green tapestry. One more step -- then a dry POK-POK-POK sound erupts from the bushes. The DOGS BARK madly -- CLAPPERS RINGING.
6) 6) text: A nightmarish collage of images accompanied by the CLANGING of the dogs' COLLARS, the charge of the African poachers, the SCREAMS of the MOTHER and the other GORILLAS. Then he sees Strasser run forward, raise his rifle with icy precision.
6) 15) dialog: (shouting) Don't shoot it! They want the babies alive!! Bring the sack!
8) 0) text: Jill shines her flashlight into the forest. Further up, someone waves a light back and forth. Like a signal. Jill's face lights up. She continues running. Suddenly, Jill is bowled over by Joe who leaps into her arms. They roll on the ground, Jill with the wind knocked out of her They look into each other's face and both know that the worst is happening. They are both silent with fear. Strasser appears through the darkness. His right hand wrapped in a bloody swath. Denying the pain. Garth follows, gun up. Jill and Joe lie hiding in the undergrowth. Jill's eyes tell Joe not to make a sound. They barely breathe.
8) 1) text: of Strasser's and Garth's boots. Jill can hear the sound of their voices, but their words are indistinct.
8) 3) dialog: (quietly) She's got to be here somewhere. She's got that damn devil with her.
8) 5) dialog: (shrugs) These people want to live like heroes, let them die like heroes.
8) 9) dialog: That little demon took off my damn trigger finger. (in Roumanian) Monstrule!
8) 11) dialog: (in pain) No.    Let's get out of here.
8) 12) text: Jill and Joe lie still as stone as Strasser and Garth continue past. Once they're gone, Joe and Jill begin to breathe again. Then, Jill sees a light pop on in the darkness. She flashes back.
25) 0) text: STRASSER sits in a leather chair, in an expensively- appointed room. His rough exterior has been polished by money, but his cold eyes have not changed. Sitting across from him is ANDERSON, the button-down director of the Cascade Park Zoo.
25) 2) dialog: Our only interest is the well- being of our animals.
25) 10) text: Strasser reaches out to pick up the photos, and as he does...
25) 12) dialog: Poor thing. Yes, he will be much happier here on our preserve. Back to the wild. Free again.
25) 15) text: Strasser stands.
25) 16) dialog: Will you excuse me, Mr. Anderson?
25) 17) text: Strasser turns and follows Garth through the door, into...
26) 1) dialog: See what our friends in China will give us for a Bengal tiger, Garth. Strasser hands Garth the photo of the tiger.
26) 3) text: I'll set a new record with you. Strasser picks up one of the phones.   He idly plays with a rhino horn as he talks to Pindi.
26) 4) dialog: Strasser.
26) 6) dialog: (irritated)
27) 5) dialog: Talk.
27) 7) dialog: You've been drinking, haven't you?
27) 9) dialog: Don't waste my time again.
56) 0) text: Strasser, in the main room of his preserve, watches the news report, absolutely riveted. He is polishing a leather object that we can't clearly make out.   Garth stands behind him. Strasser is on the edge of his seat, watching the screen.
56) 4) dialog: (amazed) My God. Pindi was right.
56) 7) dialog: (transfixed) He's beautiful. The most beautiful animal I have ever seen.
56) 9) dialog: I want him.   He belongs here with me.
56) 11) dialog: Wait!   Be quiet!
56) 12) text: Strasser points to the television...
56) 22) text: Garth stops abruptly, glancing at Strasser's hand. He knows better than to mention it directly. Strasser looks down...
56) 24) dialog: (softly, to himself) I am always amazed how, if you wait long enough, the opportunity for justice finally comes.
56) 25) text: Garth watches his boss, who seems lost in his private dream of revenge. It's a moment before Strasser looks back at him.
56) 26) dialog: Book us two tickets to America. We're going to pay a visit to this incredible animal.
56) 28) dialog: I think I know how to convince his current owners to part with him.
65) 3) dialog: No, excuse me.     My fault.
65) 4) text: It's Strasser. He's tamed his looks and dressed himself in modest attire. With his damaged hand concealed in his pocket and a pleasant smile arranged on his face, he has re-invented himself. He comes across like a friendly conservationist. He stares openly at Jill.       It flusters her.
65) 5) dialog: (feigning surprise) I'm so sorry -- it's just -- you must be Jill Young...
65) 7) dialog: ("moved") And -- you look just like her.
65) 9) dialog: I'm Andre Strasser. An old friend of your mother's. (warmly) I knew her when she was only a little older than you, and you were just a tiny thing. What an incredible woman she was.
65) 14) text: Strasser pretends to look uncomfortable.
65) 15) dialog: I've come to talk with your Mr. Baker. (pained) You see, I am here for Joe. And, in a way, for your mother, too. (passionate) I believe she would agree with me -- a magnificent wild animal like Joe needs more space -- like the Raha Preserve I run in Botswana.
65) 18) dialog: I have twenty thousand acres there where the animals are free to run. I would like to offer them to Joe. (sighs) Here, it's such a shame... to see Joe living in a man-made habitat and being used as an attraction to raise money...
65) 19) text: Strasser shakes his head at the inhumanity of it all. His clever words work on Jill like a charm -- she looks absolutely crestfallen. He pretends to comfort her.
65) 20) dialog: Oh -- I've upset you! Please... I only mean to offer an alternative. I will be attending the event tomorrow night. Maybe we can talk more about this matter then.
65) 22) dialog: Good-bye.
65) 23) text: Strasser walks off, leaving Jill deep in thought. He smiles to himself, certain he's landed a direct hit.
67) 28) dialog: All the better.
67) 30) text: Strasser puts his drink down, taps Garth.
67) 31) dialog: Let's go.
67) 41) text: Garth grabs it back.      Strasser nods coolly to Vern an Jack.
67) 42) dialog: Thank you.
67) 43) text: Vern and Jack stumble on, none the wiser. Strasser and Garth slip out.
68) 1) text: Garth stands at the railing surrounding the moat, rattling the dog collars. It's a sound that haunts him, from the darkest depths of his memory. He starts to GROWL and then he sees something that really drives him nuts. Strasser steps into the light, joining Garth by the water's edge. He rattles the dog collar, and now...
68) 7) dialog: (to himself) So you haven't forgotten me.   Good. (holding up his dead hand) Have you forgotten this?
68) 10) dialog: I will get that for the paws alone. After we sell him off piece by piece, who knows how much we'll make?
68) 13) dialog: (indicating dog collar) Hang it there -- where he can see it. (warning) And come back for it -- after.
68) 15) dialog: Come, we've done our job here.
68) 16) text: As Strasser and Garth leave, Joe looks after them, beside himself with fury. Outraged, he turns this way and that way, finally focusing on a tall tree in his habitat.
69) 34) dialog: is fleeing for the exit.
77) 4) dialog: Jill, I got the plane. It's waiting at the airport. We must hurry.
77) 5) text: Strasser holds his hand up in salute to Gregg and Cecily that's about as close as he wants to get to them. Using urgency as an excuse, he jumps back into the trailer before anyone can engage him in further conversation. It's time to say good-bye.    Cecily looks into the back the trailer.
77) 26) text: Gregg shuts the trailer door and walks off, not daring to look back. Jill is about to call after him when Strasser steps back out of the passenger's side of the trailer. He whispers urgently:
77) 27) dialog: Jill!   We must go!
80) 0) text: Jill sits nervously between Strasser and Garth as the trailer leaves the gate of the conservancy.
80) 1) dialog: Don't worry, Jill. Soon Joe will be back home again. Jill looks straight ahead.
82) 0) text: Jill glances nervously back as they drive down surface streets. She looks over at Strasser. In the passing light of the street lamps, he is regaining his sinister sheen. Garth is driving the trailer very fast. They hit a bump, making them lurch in their seat. Jill hears JOE go THUD in the trailer.
82) 2) dialog: Always worrying, eh? Your mother was a worrier, too. Always worrying about the gorillas. It made her a lot of enemies. It led to tragedy.
82) 5) dialog: So are you, my dear.
82) 6) text: Jill looks at Strasser sharply. For the first time, she really notices his strange, leather hand. For reasons she's not yet conscious of, it scares her. Strasser notices that Jill is staring at his hand.
82) 10) dialog: It's not so pretty, I know.
82) 12) text: Strasser and Garth exchange amused glances.
82) 13) dialog: Well... you could say I had an encounter with a monster. (in Roumanian) Monstrule.
82) 14) text: Strasser and Garth chuckle -- they think they're just sharing a private joke. But Jill has a troubled look in her eyes -- the foreign epithet has struck a chord from long ago... she struggles to remember... Then she gets it. She sees herself crouching in the forest with Joe over 12 years ago, overhearing Strasser's curses, and her blood runs cold. She glances at Strasser, everything dawning on her at once. The hand... the face... it all comes together for Jill. Strasser catches the look on Jill's face and knows some- thing is wrong. Adrenaline is pumping through her. Unsure of how to make her next move, Jill tries to hide the realization that is crashing down on her... She glances in the side view mirror of the truck and sees: Gregg, driving up behind them in the Conservancy vehicle. Jill's face reacts ever so slightly, but Strasser catches it. He follows her eye line, looking where she looked, and as he also spots Gregg, Jill knows the game is up. She loses it and screams:
82) 16) text: Jill slams her elbow into Strasser's nose. Strasser's face reflexively goes down in his hands. Stunned, Garth swerves at the wheel. Fast as lightning, Jill grabs his hair and slams his face into the dash. Before the men can recover, Jill kicks and claws her way over Strasser's back, fighting toward the open window...
86) 0) text: Strasser looks back at Jill lying on the road and slams the truck door closed.
86) 1) dialog: (to Garth) Drive!
88) 0) text: The wheel flies through Garth's hand as he tries to control it. Strasser's face is covered in blood. The trailer rights itself.    Continues on.
91) 9) dialog: Wait.
91) 10) text: Strasser reaches back into the truck cab.       Garth loo around, nervously.
91) 12) text: Strasser pulls a leather case from the truck. Then he reaches back in for his hunter's hat -- and sets it firml on his head. We haven't seen Strasser like this since twelve years earlier: the hunter is back. The sound of SIRENS reaches their ears.       Garth is ne as hell.
91) 14) text: Strasser has the thousand yard stare.        Garth has to him away.
98) 16) text: Strasser doesn't even bother to answer the question. finishes loading his rifle.
98) 17) dialog: We need a car.     Now.
99) 4) text: Strasser and Garth jump in the car and drive away.
104) 8) text: Gregg steps on the accelerator. As their car pulls away, PAN TO Strasser and Garth following a few car lengths behind.
108) 0) text: Garth and Strasser have parked at the edge of the amusement park. Strasser has the rifle out and propped up on one knee. He uses the scope as a viewfinder.
108) 4) text: Strasser looks at Garth with deadly focus. His eyes tell the story. Garth realizes his boss's intentions with horror.
108) 9) dialog: If that girl starts telling people who we really are, our whole cover operation will be blown.
108) 10) text: Strasser aims his rifle again.
108) 12) text: Strasser fixes Garth with an icy stare.
108) 13) dialog: Go wait in the car.
108) 14) text: He raises the gun again, gets the sight lined up just as Gregg and Jill pass near the klieg light. Garth grabs the gun, just as Strasser is about to pull the trigger.
110) 0) text: Strasser, extremely pissed off, turns to look at Garth.
110) 1) dialog: That was very stupid, Garth.
110) 3) text: Strasser flips the gun and cracks Garth squarely in the head with the rifle butt. Garth hits the ground like a bag of sand.
110) 4) dialog: Anything else on your mind?
110) 5) text: Strasser turns to look back at the park. He no longer has a clear shot at Jill. He realizes he's going to have to move in close. From his jacket he takes a .45 caliber semi-automatic Match Master and a barrel extension which he screws on with great concentration using his gloved hand. Strasser begins to work his way into the park.
112) 0) text: Strasser, calm and totally committed to his course of action moves through the pandemonium of the crowd, gun by his side.