39) 32) text: Harry whirls around and waves over a pair of nerdy, grad- school-geek conservancy workers, JACK and VERN. They run eagerly forward to take orders. They gawk at Jill, each one instantly deciding she is the woman of their dreams. Harry barks at them, bringing them back to attention.
40) 0) text: Jack and Vern nervously raise the gate to the back of the trailer. The gate lays flat against a retractable plank that creates a bridge to the habitat. JOE GROWLS SOFTLY from inside.
40) 2) dialog: Don't forget who's gonna feed you. They raise the gate completely.    Jill comes up behind them.
40) 18) text: Vern picks up a camera and scrambles to get into position -- but he's so nervous that he trips, sprawling on the ground and startling Joe. Joe turns and scampers back into the trailer. Vern gets back on his feet, red-faced. Jill glares at Harry. Gregg just chuckles at the stupidity. Harry blames Vern.
62) 0) text: Gregg, Jill, Cecily and Harry watching Joe's rampage from outside the gate. Jack and Vern run over, covered in mud and overly exited.
62) 1) dialog: He's ripping out saplings like bam-bam-bam!
67) 7) text: They look ridiculous. Jack and Vern are off the dweeb-scale in their ill-fittin tuxes. They crowd the food table, gobbling down appetizers.
67) 40) dialog: Sorry!   Here's your... uh... key chain.
67) 41) text: Garth grabs it back.      Strasser nods coolly to Vern an Jack.
67) 43) text: Vern and Jack stumble on, none the wiser. Strasser and Garth slip out.
81) 9) text: Jack and Vern hop out of the car.       Vern is carrying cardboard box.
81) 11) text: Vern holds out the box.
81) 12) dialog: Check out the loot we plundered in the wake of mass party panic! This is some weird lost and found, man.
81) 13) text: Vern pulls a single high-heeled shoe out of the box and hands it to Cecily.
81) 15) text: Digging in the box again, Vern innocently pulls out the poacher's dog collar. It means nothing to him, but Gregg instantly grabs for it.
81) 17) dialog: Oh -- that was by the habitat. (to Jack) Guess we've got to find those two guys again.
81) 23) text: It takes less than a second. Gregg springs into action, grabbing the keys to the Blazer out of Jack's hand. He sprints to the car. Jack and Vern watch him go.