11) 0) text: A smartly-dressed crowd listens as an attractive, aristoc elegantly plays a grand piano. We get a CLOSE VIEW of the woman, kn passengers as Countess Bettina de Barilhaus, but whom we short. Dan and Burke arrive as Betty concludes her number. The rises and catches sight of Dan and Burke. Burke stares at Dan lowers his eyes and tries to look bored. Betty, carrying an expensive fan, joins her stiff British monocled nobleman named SIR HAROLD.
11) 1) dialog: (pleasantly, with a vaguely European accent) Now, we must be going. Sir Harold nods and the two begin to walk off together. M groan and protest, "Aw, Countess ..." "Please!" —- but sh politely.
11) 2) dialog: No, no, no, no. You'll forgive me. I'm very fatigued. Some other time. But before she can get away a bejeweled dowager stops her
11) 4) dialog: (coolly) Mm, the elder son.
11) 6) dialog: (unenthusiastic) Delightful. We must have tea together some time. Betty moves off. Sir Harold follows like a puppy dog.
11) 9) dialog: Not tonight, Sir Harold. Tomorrow night, I promise you. Betty puts her hand in his.
11) 13) dialog: (American accent) Play dead, chump. Tail me to my joint. Skippy watches with surprise as Betty, fanning herself, b puts on his hat and nonchalantly strolls after her.
12) 2) dialog: Say, don't you ever breathe? Skippy stops drinking, exhales deeply, and hands Betty th the mouth of the bottle and takes a fairly long swig hers Skippy's surprise. Skippy looks over the tray with all it
12) 4) dialog: (haughtily, using her fake European accent) Oh, straight gin is so vulgar, my dear -- (instantly lapsing into Americanese) Oh, boy! Are my pups growling! Betty leans over and rubs her sore feet.
12) 6) dialog: Sucker... (strips away her bangs) -.. meet Bettina, la Comtesse de Barilhaus. She tosses her fake bangs aside.
12) 8) dialog: Mm, did ya get a load of that Englishman with the single cheater? She means, of course, Sir Harold and his monocle. Betty d and scours her forehead.
12) 10) dialog: Now, lay off! No petty larceny in this one. Say, if I make this touch, I'm through. Sick of jumping every time there's a knock at the door. You know, this sticky stuff's bad for my scalp. Hm. Guess I'm just tired.
12) 12) dialog: Say, I'ma sucker, just like the rest of them. I want a chicken ranch.
12) 14) dialog: That's the set-up.
12) 16) dialog: I may fool ya.
12) 18) dialog: Spray your throat.
12) 20) dialog: Say, uh, who's the mug with Dan Hardesty?
12) 22) dialog: Pinch?
12) 24) dialog: Tough rap?
12) 26) dialog: (stunned) Murder?
12) 28) dialog: Well, any chance to beat the rap?
12) 30) dialog: Well, then, how's he-
12) 33) dialog: (realizes what that means) The rope.
12) 35) dialog: Whew. Shaken, Betty rises in disbelief and ends up at the cabin
12) 36) dialog: He's a swell guy, too. Gee, he came to the front for me in Singapore when I was in wrong. (with emphasis) And I was in wrong. (shakes her head) Took a long chance for me. (sighs) Certainly wish I could pay him back the same way. Betty sees something out the window and draws back the cu look. She glances over at Skippy, motions with her eyes f then continues to stare out.
12) 37) dialog: Look. We hear Joan and Dan's theme as Skippy joins Betty at the crooks stand together and see:
12) 41) dialog: ... Everything that makes life fit to live. (beat) It's just a ghost. Skippy nods solemnly.
13) 4) dialog: watching at the window. Betty shuts the curtain and looks
13) 5) dialog: Death ain't tough enough. (beat) He's gotta fall in love.
13) 26) dialog: sitting in a lounge chair with a book in hand. She grins
13) 28) text: Skippy staggers down the deck and pretends to lose his ba top of Betty who screams. Skippy, sitting on her legs, ti apologetically as Burke strides into view, grabs Skippy's him to his feet.
13) 30) dialog: sighs, whimpers, and employs her European accent, pretend in distress to engage Burke's sympathy.
13) 31) dialog: Isn't it possible for a lady to to go anywhere nowadays without bumping into all sorts of people?!
13) 35) dialog: 
13) 36) dialog: (whimpers, clutches her throat) Oh, I'm so frightened.
13) 38) dialog: Ah, you are good. So brave. I am very, very grateful.
13) 40) dialog: Oh, you know me, huh? Who I am? I have not the pleasure to know you.
13) 42) dialog: Delighted. Monsieur Burke. Betty offers Burke her hand. He is about to bend over to looks around self-consciously and decides instead to shake it v invites him to sit in the lounge chair next to her.
13) 43) dialog: Now, come, you sit down with me for a few minutes, hm? (Burke sits) Oh, that terrible man, he might come back.
13) 45) dialog: You know, I could not feel safer if I thought you were a policeman.
17) 0) text: Starting with a tuba (matched to the fog horn), we PAN OV orchestra as it plays dance music. Then, we PAN OVER to t in the lounge. Betty dances with Sir Harold but smiles at one side watching her. He scowls a little, annoyed and pu dancing with another man. We PAN OVER to Dan and Joan, also on the dance floor, in song ends. Nearly everyone breaks and applauds the musicians. stay in each others' arms and regard one another lovingly. The next number begins, a livelier uptempo piece. Sir Har dance with Betty but Burke muscles in, brusquely grabs Sir Haro pushes him away, showing no regard for etiquette. Betty merely h to Sir Harold who nods politely and watches as Burke grab away with her. Betty and Burke turn out to be the best rubber-legged dan Skippy, hat in hand, watches the couple from the sideline Burke puts a lot of energy into his eccentric dance moves Skippy points and laughs his irritating laugh. Burke and Betty pause at the sound of the laugh to stare But he just keeps laughing at them. Betty smiles as Burke gives Skippy a long dirty look. The energetically. A grim Sir Harold watches all this unhappily, fanning him fan. After a moment, he peers down at the fan, realizes h and folds it up. DAN AND JOAN, meanwhile, are also still on the floor. On the sidelines, Joan's doctor watches the two of them w clearly overexerting herself. Joan looks stricken, pauses, and leans on Dan for support
18) 15) dialog: (amused, to Joan) You know, Steven dances like a gigolo.
18) 20) dialog: I think I need a lemonade. Come Steven. (to Joan) We'll see you later.
18) 22) dialog: stroll down the deck. Burke is moody.
18) 23) dialog: What's the matter, Steven?
18) 25) dialog: Why? What about? They pause. Burke decides to level with her
18) 27) dialog: Wha-at? You are a police officer?
18) 29) dialog: (pretends to be impressed Oh! Ohhh.
18) 31) dialog: Oh, you're wonderful! You know, I always wanted to meet a detective.
18) 35) dialog: continue their conversation farther down the deck
18) 37) dialog: (laughs nervously) Oh, you frighten me. What are you going to do?
18) 39) dialog: Brig? What is "brig"?
18) 41) dialog: (understands) Mmmm. The two stroll off, arm in arm.
21) 0) text: Betty opens the door for Skippy who enters and looks arou closes the door behind him and crosses to a table. Skippy
21) 3) dialog: Now, get this. You go to Dan Hardesty...
28) 0) text: Betty stands near the purser's station reading a brochure past her and speaks rapidly out of the corner of his mout
28) 2) dialog: Oke. Skippy wobbles off and takes up a position down the hall. gorgeous white dress for her day in Honolulu, joins Betty
28) 4) dialog: Good morning. I, er, I was just waiting for Mr. Burke to take me ashore.
28) 6) dialog: Uh, no, no, but he'll be along soon. Burke joins Betty and Joan.
28) 9) dialog: (to Joan) Oooh. Doesn't he look handsome? Betty easily picks Burke's pocket and palms the key. Skip from a distance, laughs his annoying laugh.
28) 13) dialog: Au revoir.
28) 16) dialog: Mm, poor kid-- (catches herself, switches to French) Le pauvre enfant, hm? As they pass Skippy, Betty hands him the key, then puts h Skippy looks at it with delight and hurries off to free D
28) 18) text: Burke and Betty are among the passengers filing down the
30) 0) text: Burke and Betty stroll along, chatting amiably. Skippy ru and blunders into them. In the process, Skippy separates them long enough to pass the key to Betty who, sobbing and cli pretense of fear, stealthily returns the key to Burke's p
38) 0) text: On deck, Burke and Betty lean on the railing, watching th suddenly spot Dan on the dock hauling Joan in his arms. I feels in his pocket for the brig key, pulls it out and lo fully aware of what's happening, keeps a stone face. Dan carries Joan up the gangplank which is festooned wit doctor meets him and they hurry off to Joan's cabin. Burke, grim, pockets the key and rushes off -- without a after a moment, follows him.
39) 8) dialog: What did you say? Startled, Burke turns to see Betty. He is immediately sel
39) 12) dialog: Ah, you're a swell guy, Steve. She rests her head on his shoulder. Burke gives her a puz brightens a little and straightens up. The two look down
42) 0) text: Skippy, cautiously looking around, walks to Betty's door knock. Inside, Betty, brushing her hair, pauses, goes to the doo careful not to be seen from the hall. Skippy enters, look the door.
42) 2) dialog: Shouldn't come here.
42) 4) dialog: Sir Harold?
42) 6) dialog: Uh huh. Thought I told you to lay off him.
42) 8) dialog: I've been busy.
42) 12) dialog: Now, wait a minute. His racket! son the other side of the fence but he's playing it on the up and up. He's one hundred percent copper just the same as you're one hundred percent thief. And, you know yourself, a hundred percent puts you at the head of the class.
42) 14) dialog: Scram. Skippy tips his hat as he retreats and exits.
44) 12) dialog: emerge on deck, walking side by side to the railing in an ship.
44) 13) dialog: Voila! Your San Francisco, hm? Home.
44) 26) dialog: standing together at the rail.
44) 29) dialog: A ranch?
44) 31) dialog: Oh, I'd love it, Steven, but-- There's something I have to tell you, first. (drops her phony accent) Aw, you're a right guy and I'm gonna come clean with ya. Now, it is Burke's turn to be stunned.
44) 32) dialog: In the first place, I'm not a countess-— Abruptly, the steward arrives and hands Burke the envelop
44) 33) text: Beg your pardon, sir. Betty turns away in embarrassment. Even as he stares at h the envelope and waves off the steward who departs. Burke ope reads it. He looks up and squints at Betty, then crumples fist.
44) 35) dialog: I was sayin' I'm not any of the things you think I am. I've been a long way. And I've left a wide trail.
44) 38) dialog: You on the level, Steve?
44) 40) dialog: Don't smear my bangs. They kiss. Behind his back, Burke drops the crumpled tele