2) 46) dialog: struggle momentarily but Burke is the bigger man and Dan -- one punch in the jaw from Burke knocks him silly and d
8) 0) text: Dan and Joan stand at the railing together watching the s
10) 0) text: Dan and Burke, in dinner clothes, stand outside the ship' through the well-lit windows. Classical piano music. The through a nearby door.
11) 0) text: A smartly-dressed crowd listens as an attractive, aristoc elegantly plays a grand piano. We get a CLOSE VIEW of the woman, kn passengers as Countess Bettina de Barilhaus, but whom we short. Dan and Burke arrive as Betty concludes her number. The rises and catches sight of Dan and Burke. Burke stares at Dan lowers his eyes and tries to look bored. Betty, carrying an expensive fan, joins her stiff British monocled nobleman named SIR HAROLD.
12) 38) dialog: standing at the ship's railing.
12) 40) text: watch Dan and Joan glumly.
12) 42) dialog: stand at the railing and look out at the ocean.
13) 10) text: Dan and Burke, casually dressed, stand at the rail.
17) 0) text: Starting with a tuba (matched to the fog horn), we PAN OV orchestra as it plays dance music. Then, we PAN OVER to t in the lounge. Betty dances with Sir Harold but smiles at one side watching her. He scowls a little, annoyed and pu dancing with another man. We PAN OVER to Dan and Joan, also on the dance floor, in song ends. Nearly everyone breaks and applauds the musicians. stay in each others' arms and regard one another lovingly. The next number begins, a livelier uptempo piece. Sir Har dance with Betty but Burke muscles in, brusquely grabs Sir Haro pushes him away, showing no regard for etiquette. Betty merely h to Sir Harold who nods politely and watches as Burke grab away with her. Betty and Burke turn out to be the best rubber-legged dan Skippy, hat in hand, watches the couple from the sideline Burke puts a lot of energy into his eccentric dance moves Skippy points and laughs his irritating laugh. Burke and Betty pause at the sound of the laugh to stare But he just keeps laughing at them. Betty smiles as Burke gives Skippy a long dirty look. The energetically. A grim Sir Harold watches all this unhappily, fanning him fan. After a moment, he peers down at the fan, realizes h and folds it up. DAN AND JOAN, meanwhile, are also still on the floor. On the sidelines, Joan's doctor watches the two of them w clearly overexerting herself. Joan looks stricken, pauses, and leans on Dan for support
18) 33) dialog: Joan tells Dan her plans for the next day.
30) 4) text: Dan and Joan park a rented car in front of a spectacular which fly in the stiff tropic breeze. Dan climbs out.
34) 0) text: Dan and Joan sit together in some sheltered spot with bea scenery for a backdrop. Dan, pensive, smokes a cigarette. Joan, d lounges against a tree, wearing the lei. Hawaiian guitars
36) 0) text: Twilight. Hawaiian guitars play. We open on the two cigar sand, then PAN OVER to a deeply satisfied Dan and Joan. H tree and holds her in his arms as she lies in his lap, lo another, very much in love. Joan sighs a little.
37) 0) text: The ship's horn blows as Dan and Joan drive up in their r
44) 0) text: Dan and Joan stand at the deck. Bells ring.
44) 3) dialog: "Keep those gates ajar ..."
44) 7) text: of the city as seen by Dan and Joan from the bay. Whistle
44) 8) dialog: taking in the view.
44) 11) dialog: stand silently together at the railing, both lost in thou
45) 1) dialog: Smiling into each other's eyes, they stand at the bar, ho
45) 14) dialog: cross the stems on the countertop. THE BARTENDER, frustrated, snatches up two glasses in fro them to the floor with a crash.
45) 16) dialog: exiting the lounge, arm in arm.
45) 20) dialog: holding hands.
49) 2) dialog: arrive at a purser's station on their deck, preparing to
49) 10) dialog: still at the purser's station. Dan glances around uncerta
49) 12) dialog: still at the purser's station.
49) 14) dialog: still at the purser's station.
49) 16) dialog: finally depart the purser's station.
49) 19) dialog: stuck in the line at the gangplank which has apparently n yet. They look around unhappily, unable to disembark righ
49) 28) dialog: hold hands and stand together.
49) 39) dialog: on the gangplank. Dan turns away from Joan. He and Burke WITH them for a moment and then PAN BACK UP, past the oth passengers, to