11) 0) text: A smartly-dressed crowd listens as an attractive, aristoc elegantly plays a grand piano. We get a CLOSE VIEW of the woman, kn passengers as Countess Bettina de Barilhaus, but whom we short. Dan and Burke arrive as Betty concludes her number. The rises and catches sight of Dan and Burke. Burke stares at Dan lowers his eyes and tries to look bored. Betty, carrying an expensive fan, joins her stiff British monocled nobleman named SIR HAROLD.
11) 7) dialog: Countess, you play divinely. As she passes, Betty ignores Burke but pauses ever so sli look at Dan who pointedly shows no sign of recognizing he Betty, struck by her beauty. Betty and Sir Harold stand apart from the others.
11) 8) dialog: Shall I see you ... later, Countess?
11) 10) dialog: I shall live ... in anticipation. Sir Harold kisses Betty's hand grandly. Burke jealously watches all this with interest -- it's no activity a Frisco cop sees much of.
17) 0) text: Starting with a tuba (matched to the fog horn), we PAN OV orchestra as it plays dance music. Then, we PAN OVER to t in the lounge. Betty dances with Sir Harold but smiles at one side watching her. He scowls a little, annoyed and pu dancing with another man. We PAN OVER to Dan and Joan, also on the dance floor, in song ends. Nearly everyone breaks and applauds the musicians. stay in each others' arms and regard one another lovingly. The next number begins, a livelier uptempo piece. Sir Har dance with Betty but Burke muscles in, brusquely grabs Sir Haro pushes him away, showing no regard for etiquette. Betty merely h to Sir Harold who nods politely and watches as Burke grab away with her. Betty and Burke turn out to be the best rubber-legged dan Skippy, hat in hand, watches the couple from the sideline Burke puts a lot of energy into his eccentric dance moves Skippy points and laughs his irritating laugh. Burke and Betty pause at the sound of the laugh to stare But he just keeps laughing at them. Betty smiles as Burke gives Skippy a long dirty look. The energetically. A grim Sir Harold watches all this unhappily, fanning him fan. After a moment, he peers down at the fan, realizes h and folds it up. DAN AND JOAN, meanwhile, are also still on the floor. On the sidelines, Joan's doctor watches the two of them w clearly overexerting herself. Joan looks stricken, pauses, and leans on Dan for support
35) 0) text: Skippy stands in a shop doorway, looking around. He sees approaching him on the sidewalk. Skippy looks thoughtful pulls out a half dollar, which he flips in the air like a the coin a kiss for luck, then drops it on the sidewalk i instantly turns his back to Sir Harold, assumes a nonchal whistling. Sir Harold approaches, sees the coin, pauses, steps on it smugly, then bends to pick it up. As he does, he exposes back pocket. Skippy, whistling, turns casually, plucks th Harold's pocket and strolls away with it. Sir Harold, not robbed, straightens with a satisfied smile, pockets the c Skippy, chuckling his inane laugh to himself, pauses in a the contents of the wallet. He opens up the wallet expec find it empty.