3) 14) dialog: (a happy drunk) Hello, Dan!
3) 17) dialog: (nods) I like it fine.
3) 19) dialog: (to Dan) It's gettin’ so a guy can't go nowheres nowadays without bumpin' into all sorts of people.
3) 21) dialog: I'm wanted everywhere and welcome nowhere. I'm just a vagabond. (spots the hand- cuffs, to Dan) Ohhh, that's too bad.
3) 26) dialog: Hey, flatfoot! Burke looks back at Skippy with annoyance.
3) 27) dialog: Tell those bulls I'm an alien! Ha ha ha ha! Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Skippy's laugh is even more irritating than he is. The ha -- Burke peeved, Dan understandably glum.
5) 26) dialog: (salutes the police) You must come and see us sometime! Skippy, sitting in the gangplank doorway, laughs his inim laugh and waves good-bye. As he does, a man comes up to S and pauses next to him - at first, we see only the man's legs blows ominously as Skippy looks down to see the two flat face falls as he looks up to see Burke, hands in his pock him grimly.
11) 12) dialog: Well! If it ain't-- Skippy offers a hand in greeting. But Betty ignores this, both her voice and her European accent:
12) 0) text: The steward arrives at the cabin door with the elaborate After a moment, he opens the door and enters, placing the Also visible on the table are Skippy's feet which are pro Skippy tosses a coin onto the tray -- a tip for the stewa
12) 1) dialog: Thank you! The steward takes the coin and departs, closing the door takes his feet down off the table, reaches over and grabs from the tray. We see his smiling face for the first time as h and brings it to his lips. He chugs the contents. And chu We CUT WIDE to reveal that Betty is lounging nearby on a After a moment, she speaks to him -- not with her fancy E with her tough American one.
12) 3) dialog: What's the idea of all the landscape gardening?
12) 5) dialog: (amused) Betty, don't they ever get on to you? You've been gettin’ away with this for years. Who are ya supposed to be now?
12) 7) dialog: Oh, Barilhaus. Oh, I get it! "Barrel House" Betty! Barilhaus, sure. Have you got anything lined up?
12) 9) dialog: I did. Full face, he looks like the Bank of England. Look, I had an idea--
12) 11) dialog: You hustlers are all alike. Spend all your time in the twilight sleep. What've ya got on your mind?
12) 15) dialog: Stop kiddin' yourself, Betty. You'll be ridin' these tubs till they count ten over ya.
12) 17) dialog: I hope ya do. She takes a swig of gin and hands him back the bottle.
12) 19) dialog: Here's to the rooster. Cluck, cluck, cluck, cluck, cluck. Betty chuckles as Skippy drinks
12) 21) dialog: He's a copper. The toughest one out of Frisco.
12) 23) dialog: Nothin' else.
12) 25) dialog: The toughest.
12) 27) dialog: If you can call it murder for croakin' the dirtiest heel that ever lived.
12) 29) dialog: No, no. He's already been sentenced.
12) 32) dialog: He broke. He broke when they were takin' him to San Quentin.
12) 34) dialog: (soberly) The rope.
13) 4) dialog: watching at the window. Betty shuts the curtain and looks
13) 27) dialog: standing nearby. He readies himself and then adopts a dru staggering forward.
13) 28) text: Skippy staggers down the deck and pretends to lose his ba top of Betty who screams. Skippy, sitting on her legs, ti apologetically as Burke strides into view, grabs Skippy's him to his feet.
13) 32) dialog: peers around a corner at Burke and Betty.
13) 47) dialog: watching from around the corner, laughs his irritating la heads off to the bar.
14) 0) text: At the bar, a patron downs a drink and then walks away, arrives. Seeing that the bartender at the cash register h to him, Skippy, left alone with the patron's empty glass and bottle of liquor, pours himself a drink. He knocks it back rapid hat to keep it from falling off. He quickly sets the glas look nonchalant. Seeing that the bartender is still busy at the register, another shot, downs it fast, and resumes his nonchalant p ignores the glass and simply grabs the bottle to chug dow Satisfied, he exhales deeply, grins, hiccups, buttons his move off. At last, the bartender, hands full of money, turns from t sees Skippy trying to leave unnoticed.
14) 2) dialog: Oh, yes. Almost forgot. My change. The bartender raises his eyebrows in surprise and squints
14) 4) dialog: I gave ya a five dollar bill. The bartender counts out the change.
14) 6) dialog: Oh, oh, wait, you only took off for one drink. I had three. Skippy shoves some of the change back.
14) 8) dialog: Think nothing of it, my good man. The smiling bartender watches Skippy walk off with the mo
15) 0) text: A drunken Skippy bumbles down the hallway toward a full- mistakes his own reflection for an oncoming passenger, an to let the person pass. He takes off his hat and bows apo
15) 1) dialog: I beg your pardon. After a pause, he straightens and heads toward the mirror as before, he mistakes his own reflection for an oncoming a little, takes off his hat and bows.
15) 2) dialog: After you, sir. Another pause. Skippy straightens and again heads toward his reflection, and backs away. This time another passenger a by. Skippy looks up at the man.
15) 3) dialog: (annoyed, to the man) Say, how long is this parade gonna last? Puzzled, the man looks at Skippy for a moment, says nothi
15) 4) dialog: (to the man) Oh, you won't talk, huh? Skippy snaps his fingers with contempt at the departing m heads back toward the mirror -- where he once again runs This time, he raises a hand in protest.
15) 5) dialog: No, you don't! No, you don't!
15) 6) dialog: Skippy beats his chest.
15) 7) dialog: It's my turn now! Skippy adjusts his jacket, barges forward and smashes int shattering it with a crash.
15) 9) dialog: Well, you got away with it that time. But I know what you look like. And it won't happen again.
17) 0) text: Starting with a tuba (matched to the fog horn), we PAN OV orchestra as it plays dance music. Then, we PAN OVER to t in the lounge. Betty dances with Sir Harold but smiles at one side watching her. He scowls a little, annoyed and pu dancing with another man. We PAN OVER to Dan and Joan, also on the dance floor, in song ends. Nearly everyone breaks and applauds the musicians. stay in each others' arms and regard one another lovingly. The next number begins, a livelier uptempo piece. Sir Har dance with Betty but Burke muscles in, brusquely grabs Sir Haro pushes him away, showing no regard for etiquette. Betty merely h to Sir Harold who nods politely and watches as Burke grab away with her. Betty and Burke turn out to be the best rubber-legged dan Skippy, hat in hand, watches the couple from the sideline Burke puts a lot of energy into his eccentric dance moves Skippy points and laughs his irritating laugh. Burke and Betty pause at the sound of the laugh to stare But he just keeps laughing at them. Betty smiles as Burke gives Skippy a long dirty look. The energetically. A grim Sir Harold watches all this unhappily, fanning him fan. After a moment, he peers down at the fan, realizes h and folds it up. DAN AND JOAN, meanwhile, are also still on the floor. On the sidelines, Joan's doctor watches the two of them w clearly overexerting herself. Joan looks stricken, pauses, and leans on Dan for support
21) 0) text: Betty opens the door for Skippy who enters and looks arou closes the door behind him and crosses to a table. Skippy
21) 1) dialog: What's the matter? Betty scoops a half dozen bullets off the table into her to a delighted Skippy.
21) 2) dialog: From the copper's gun? How'd you get "em? Betty merely glances over to a nearby chair. Burke's bow it. In the background: an unmade bed. Skippy starts to la his mouth to hush him.
22) 0) text: A fog horn. Skippy, concealed between some lifeboats, ste the deck and sees Dan approaching. As Dan nears, Skippy e the shoulder and instantly retreats. Dan looks around to being watched and joins Skippy between the lifeboats.
22) 1) dialog: You're slated for the brig, any minute.
22) 3) text: But, look. Skippy shows Dan a handful of bullets.
22) 5) dialog: Yeah. Betty pulled his teeth.
22) 7) dialog: Hey, here's a bankroll. You'll need it. Compliments of Betty.
22) 9) dialog: Well, that's the only kind Sir Harold had.
22) 11) dialog: Come on, Dan, get goin’.
22) 13) dialog: All the luck in the world, pal.
28) 1) dialog: Dan is in the brig. The copper's got the key here. Skippy pats his his left-hand jacket pocket. Betty shows whatsoever.
29) 2) dialog: The cop and Betty have gone ashore. Give them plenty of time for a head start. Dan is speechless. He grips Skippy's shoulders warmly and a word. Skippy watches him go, then shuts and locks the cel
30) 0) text: Burke and Betty stroll along, chatting amiably. Skippy ru and blunders into them. In the process, Skippy separates them long enough to pass the key to Betty who, sobbing and cli pretense of fear, stealthily returns the key to Burke's p
30) 2) dialog: Buddy, when I get back to Frisco, you'll be trippin' over your beard! Skippy laughs his inimitable annoying laugh and walks off
35) 0) text: Skippy stands in a shop doorway, looking around. He sees approaching him on the sidewalk. Skippy looks thoughtful pulls out a half dollar, which he flips in the air like a the coin a kiss for luck, then drops it on the sidewalk i instantly turns his back to Sir Harold, assumes a nonchal whistling. Sir Harold approaches, sees the coin, pauses, steps on it smugly, then bends to pick it up. As he does, he exposes back pocket. Skippy, whistling, turns casually, plucks th Harold's pocket and strolls away with it. Sir Harold, not robbed, straightens with a satisfied smile, pockets the c Skippy, chuckling his inane laugh to himself, pauses in a the contents of the wallet. He opens up the wallet expec find it empty.
35) 1) dialog: Oh, boy, it's dark in there. He throws the wallet down on the sidewalk in disgust. Ang counts to ten to hold his temper.
35) 2) dialog: Two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, TEN! As he reaches ten, Skippy rounds a corner and spots Sir H
35) 4) dialog: Eleven, twelve, thirteen, fourteen,
39) 15) dialog: Don't forget to write now, will ya? Skippy laughs his annoying laugh as a grim-looking Burke, strides into view behind him. Skippy turns to see Burke a laugh. Smugly, Burke nods and gives Skippy a sneering smi
42) 0) text: Skippy, cautiously looking around, walks to Betty's door knock. Inside, Betty, brushing her hair, pauses, goes to the doo careful not to be seen from the hall. Skippy enters, look the door.
42) 1) dialog: Oh. Betty closes the door behind Skippy and goes back to brus pulls out a wad of money and counts out some bills.
42) 3) dialog: Nobody saw me. I came to pay you the money I owe you. Betty inspects the bills: English pounds.
42) 5) dialog: (chuckles) Uh huh.
42) 7) dialog: Well, what was the use of lettin! him go to waste? You weren't usin! him.
42) 9) dialog: Oh, sure. With that copper. (wags a finger at her) You know, I think you're falling for him.
42) 11) dialog: Ah, sure. Copper-lover! Falling for the Law. The fox falling in love with the hounds. I'm ashamed of ya. I tell ya, that guy's no good.
42) 13) dialog: I wonder if I'm hearing all this right. Betty pointedly folds up the bills and stuffs
42) 15) dialog: Good night, Countess. them down her front. Left alone, a smiling Betty brushes her hair even more vi
43) 0) text: Skippy rushes up to the bar in great excitement.
43) 1) dialog: Quick, bartender, give me a drink, quick!
43) 3) dialog: Quick! Before the fight begins!
43) 7) dialog: (suddenly calm) The fight between you and me. I can't pay for these drinks. The bartender watches with amazement as Skippy laughs his staggers away.