0) 0) text: The concert is over. The audience breaks up. Ethan and Grace, arm around each other (like lovers), move through groups of parents. Ethan carries his son’s Cello. Josh plays with his sister Emma and some other kids by a tree, they are catching fireflies.
0) 7) dialog: Mommy, mommy, look what Josh has got for me.
0) 9) dialog: Fireflies. They’re magic!
1) 0) text: Ethan drives, Grace beside him. Josh and Emma in the back. (Prairie Home Companion is on the radio).
1) 5) dialog: What does that mean?
1) 13) dialog: Mommy Can I keep them in my room forever?
1) 15) dialog: I don’t want them to die. Will they die in the jar?
2) 1) dialog: I need to pee. (CONTINUED )
2) 4) dialog: No mommy.
6) 0) text: Grace is holding the door open for Emma when she hears the awful tone of Ethan’s warning.
21) 13) dialog: Where’s Josh, Mommy? Grace's POV of the medics hovering over her dead son. (CONTINUED )
21) 17) dialog: Is he going to be alright? Grace watches as the paramedics lift the body bag, she’s dying inside, but tries not to lie.
22) 0) text: Ethan gets in the back seat. A STATE TROOPER in the driver seat. Emma has cried herself asleep.
25) 0) text: A handsome old New England house, set amid a pleasant garden. A COP CAR pulls away as Ethan carries Emma towards the door. Grace follows closely into the house. EXT. DWIGHT’S HOUSE. GARAGE - NIGHT 31 A two-bedroom ranch-style, with a single car garage. A place devoid of personality, a divorcee’s rental. Dwight pulls into the driveway. He lifts the remote for the garage door, starts it, then changes his mind. He gets out, walks around to the front passenger side, studies the grill guard and the broken headlight. INT. DWIGHT’S HOUSE - NIGHT 32 Dwight paces into the living room, turns on TV, clicks through the STATIONS, and finds the local news, a report on deadlock in the Connecticut State Legislature. He wanders over to the door, he’s left the main door open, gazes through the screen door at the SUV. He goes to the phone, dials.
26) 0) text: Ethan is in their bed with Emma, who has her arms clamped around his neck.
26) 1) dialog: He’s not coming home? Why? She looks to the door in panic.
26) 2) dialog: Where’s mommy? Mommy! (TRACK out the door, along the hall, to the bathroom)
28) 0) text: Ethan, lies on the bed beside Grace. Emma asleep on the other side. He holds her.
30) 0) text: Grace settles and looks at Emma sleeping then, a PIERCING CRY from downstairs.
39) 0) text: Sunlight. Grace is at the kitchen table, doing nothing. Shuffling papers, staring at Emma who sits on the outside porch drawing for her GRANDMOTHER BETH. Grace sees Ethan come up the porch stairs, take Beth is his arms, they embrace, profoundly. Ethan enters,
39) 20) dialog: What happened to the fireflies? Did they die with Josh? Her grandmother scoops her up. 53 54
47) 0) text: Dwight sits in his rental car, looks toward the church further down the street as the CROWD emerges from the service. Dwight takes off his sunglasses, stares. He watches as Ethan and Grace emerge with Emma, hand in hand between them. Dwight’s heart is pounding, his hand trembles, as though Ethan will look up and recognize him. He puts the sunglasses back on. Then his eyes widen in shock, because: He sees his ex-wife Ruth emerge from the church and console Ethan and Grace. Dwight starts the car, does a u-turn in the street, and takes off.
48) 0) text: The coffin has been placed in the HEARSE. Ethan, and Grace watch. GRACE’S MOTHER holds on to Emma. As the hearse pulls away, Grace can no longer hold her composure, she moves away from Ethan toward the hearse.
49) 0) text: It’s Monday morning, a week has gone by. The house, an emblem of New England serenity. Ethan emerges, hand in hand with Emma. Grace in her bathrobe, hair unbrushed - watches from the window. Emma waves goodbye. The car takes off, now Grace is totally alone. 67 68 33.
58) 0) text: School’s out, most of the children have gone. Emma sits on a bench with Ruth Wheldon. Grace’s car pulls up. Ruth sees her.
58) 16) dialog: Why were you late?
58) 19) dialog: Can you hear music if you’re dead? Grace stares at her.
58) 21) dialog: Okay then.
58) 27) dialog: No one wants to talk to me.
58) 29) dialog: Can I watch TV?
66) 0) text: Sunlight. Grace blinks awake and finds Emma sitting on the edge of the bed.
66) 2) dialog: Dad's asleep downstairs. Grace sits up. EMMA (CONT’D) There’s nothing good to eat anywhere and I’m going to be late. (CONTINUED )
67) 0) text: As Grace leads Emma toward the kitchen she looks in, sees Ethan stretched out on the couch sleeping.
68) 0) text: Grace loads Emma into the car and drive off.
71) 29) dialog: It’s for Josh. Mom says you can still hear music when you’re dead. Now Ethan needs to get away.
77) 2) dialog: This is for my brother Josh. Deathly silence in the hall. Emma begins to play. She misses an occasional note, but soldiers on. Ruth stands close by, ready for whatever support Emma might need, but the child makes it through the piece. Rapturous APPLAUSE. The audience stands and claps. Ethan hugs Grace close, helps her dry her tears. He is close again, holding, bridging the gap that has grown through recent days. The fear, recriminations, self doubt have been driven away by Emma’s simple tune of love. At the back of the hall, Dwight is still as stone, as though he were a statue fixed to the wall. The Ruth Wheldon wanders out on stage. (CONTINUED )
78) 0) text: The concert over, Ethan, Grace (holding hands, close) and Emma work their way through the CROWD OF HAPPY PARENTS. Everyone offers congratulations to Emma. There’s a great buzz following the finale skit. Ethan, has his arm around Grace as they move toward their car. Another PARENT stops them.
84) 0) text: The door opens to Ethan and Emma are on the porch. Emma holds the flowers, Ethan has the cake.
86) 0) text: Ethan, Emma and Ruth sit around the kitchen table. The flowers are already in a vase on the table, and Ruth is opening the Black Forest cake.
86) 8) dialog: I'd like that. Ethan sees photos of Lucas on the fridge.
89) 0) text: Ethan climbs the stairs. He looks around finds the bathroom but also sees a bedroom festooned in Red Sox paraphanalia. He stops, listens to Ruth chat with Emma, then, quietly, walks into Lucas’ room. INT. WHELDON HOUSE. LUCAS’ BEDROOM - DAY 143 Ethan takes in the room, the mess, school books, baseball glove, and on a chest of drawers, a series of photos in cheap frames. He studies this chronicle of Lucas’ life. Then one photo rivets him to the spot. CLOSE ON a photo of Dwight and Lucas in the car park of Fenway, holding Red Sox shirts, as they lean against a 1998 dark blue Ford Explorer with a grill guard. Ethan carefully picks up the photo, slides it between his belt and the small of his back, and adjusts his shirt.
90) 0) text: Ruth is still talking to Emma.
90) 4) dialog: Bye.
94) 0) text: Ethan stands alone outside Emma’s room, thoughts and feelings barely in control. He takes a deep breath before entering. INT. LEARNER HOUSE. EMMA’S ROOM - CONTINUOUS 159 Emma’s in her pajamas, under the covers. Ethan sits down on the edge of the bed.
94) 2) dialog: Not yet.
94) 4) dialog: Will you tell me a good night story?
94) 8) dialog: Dad, your hands are shaking.
94) 10) dialog: Time for bed. Ethan tries to smile.
94) 12) dialog: I love you too, Dad. She closes her eyes. He kisses her and gets up and turns out the light.
95) 0) text: He leaves Emma’s door open a few inches. Grace stands in the hallway, dressed in her nightgown. She stares at him, a look wavering between forgiveness and rejection. He stares back, is about to offer an excuse.