0) 0) text: The concert is over. The audience breaks up. Ethan and Grace, arm around each other (like lovers), move through groups of parents. Ethan carries his son’s Cello. Josh plays with his sister Emma and some other kids by a tree, they are catching fireflies.
0) 4) dialog: Jed’s a clever guy, and fun to be around. You should be proud. This is my wife Grace. Josh and Emma run towards their parents. They shake hands.
0) 8) dialog: We must get going. Tell Jed I said hello. Emma holds a glass peanut jar filled with fireflies.
0) 13) dialog: You played beautifully. Josh is busy putting the firefly in the jar.
1) 0) text: Ethan drives, Grace beside him. Josh and Emma in the back. (Prairie Home Companion is on the radio).
1) 3) dialog: Saturdays? What about our canoe trips?
1) 6) dialog: I guess some people’s fathers are...how would you say it?
1) 12) dialog: (mutters) Damn.
2) 0) text: The road, narrow and unlit, flanked by woods. Ahead lies A COUNTRY GAS STATION. INT. ETHAN’S CAR - CONTINUOUS 6
2) 5) dialog: It’s alright. I need to get wiper fluid anyway. The Volvo pulls in and stops. Ethan, Grace and Emma get out. Josh picks up the glass jar, studies it. CLOSE ON the glass jar. There are two dead fireflies at the bottom of the jar.
3) 0) text: Ethan walks into the workshop. The AUTO REPAIRMAN, JIMMY MCBRIDE, looks up from an engine repair job. An old 13 inch TV, with rabbit ears, plays in a corner.
3) 1) dialog: Working late tonight?
3) 3) dialog: How much?
3) 6) dialog: Twelve innings. You’re not the only one working late.
3) 10) dialog: For sure. Is this stuff bio- degradeable?
5) 0) text: Ethan steps out into the night, reading the label, then looks up as a CAR comes from his left, the road is illuminated and in the blaze of light (from brights). He sees Josh standing between two clumps of bushes on an aisle by the road. Then there is a SCREECH of tires, and, suddenly, from his right, the dark SUV careens into the light of the car then they pass. Ethan is frozen, about to turn as the SUV veers toward his son.
5) 1) dialog: 
6) 0) text: Grace is holding the door open for Emma when she hears the awful tone of Ethan’s warning.
7) 0) text: Ethan, frozen, makes out the shape of a man driving the SUV as it swerves in toward the aisle and his son steps back.
10) 0) text: Ethan watches in terror as the SUV HITS JOSH, BOUNCES him sideways, and he disappears behind the clump of trees.
12) 0) text: Ethan is RUNNING NOW across the forecourt out onto the road. Behind him, A CRY:
14) 0) text: Ethan calls out to the SUV.
14) 1) dialog: Hey!
14) 3) dialog: Josh! Then, the sound of an ENGINE REVVING. The SUV takes off. Ethan reaches Josh but, confused, he turns toward the fleeing SUV. He shouts, begins to run after it ...
14) 4) dialog: Hey! Stop!
16) 0) text: Now Ethan sees Josh, lifeless, blood trickling from his ears. He falls to his knees beside his child. (CONTINUED )
16) 3) dialog: Oh, God, oh God, you’re alright, you're alright ... AAAHHH! A CRY OF PAIN, as he kneels on shattered glass.
16) 5) dialog: He looks back, sees Grace running toward him, then, confused, she turns back toward Emma, who is frozen mid- forecourt.
21) 7) dialog: Sorry.
21) 9) dialog: Yes. (beat) I was getting washer fluid.
21) 11) dialog: Time? I don’t ... it must have been close to nine. The game report was on ... on the TV. I came out ...
21) 21) dialog: A truck, an SUV...
21) 23) dialog: No. Big ... medium ... dark, blue maybe.
21) 25) dialog: He was ... ah ... no. Burke waits for more.
21) 26) dialog: Oh Christ ... I don’t know. It’s a blur. (CONTINUED )
21) 30) dialog: (beyond pathetic) I don’t know. A long silence. Burke slips the notebook into his back pocket and clips the pen to his shirt.
22) 0) text: Ethan gets in the back seat. A STATE TROOPER in the driver seat. Emma has cried herself asleep.
22) 2) dialog: Home.
25) 0) text: A handsome old New England house, set amid a pleasant garden. A COP CAR pulls away as Ethan carries Emma towards the door. Grace follows closely into the house. EXT. DWIGHT’S HOUSE. GARAGE - NIGHT 31 A two-bedroom ranch-style, with a single car garage. A place devoid of personality, a divorcee’s rental. Dwight pulls into the driveway. He lifts the remote for the garage door, starts it, then changes his mind. He gets out, walks around to the front passenger side, studies the grill guard and the broken headlight. INT. DWIGHT’S HOUSE - NIGHT 32 Dwight paces into the living room, turns on TV, clicks through the STATIONS, and finds the local news, a report on deadlock in the Connecticut State Legislature. He wanders over to the door, he’s left the main door open, gazes through the screen door at the SUV. He goes to the phone, dials.
26) 0) text: Ethan is in their bed with Emma, who has her arms clamped around his neck.
27) 0) text: A set of blinds open on a window revealing a glorious sunrise on a very pleasant back garden. The light streams in on Ethan, still in his t-shirt and boxers red eyed, from lack of sleep. He stares into the mirror, sees a spiderman towel hanging over the shower bar (or door). He takes it down, folds it carefully. EXT. DWIGHT’S HOUSE - DAY (FORMERLY SCENE 39) 35A Dwight emerges, gets into the Explorer, and drives it into the garage. He gets out and pushes a button on the wall and ducks under the door as it starts to close. The evidence sealed up, he starts back to his house.
28) 0) text: Ethan, lies on the bed beside Grace. Emma asleep on the other side. He holds her.
29) 0) text: Ethan opens the front door. BLANCA, a Hispanic woman, with cleaning equipment in her hand, smiles.
29) 2) dialog: (shocked) Oh Blanca, it’s your day.
31) 0) text: Grace rushes down the stairs in her nightdress and sees Ethan trying to console BLANCA.
32) 0) text: CLOSE ON a thickset HISPANIC DRIVER who laughs at a joke by the morning DRIVETIME DJ. Ethan, in the back, scribbles in a note pad, raises his head, stares out the window at the work day morning hustle on this busy street: SCHOOL KIDS ON BIKES, COMMUTERS scurrying to the local train station, A COUPLE OF 14 YEAR OLDS, boy and girl, holding hands as they walk to school. Ethan’s cell rings, he studies the number, it reads DEAN PHILIP CLARKSON, he answers. The driver lowers the radio.
32) 1) dialog: Hey Phil ... yeah. Sorry I can’t, Phil ... ah ... I’m not going to make it in today ... No, no... a family thing ... in fact, I’m not going to be in for a while. Ethan listens, as he’s asked what’s wrong, finally he drops his head, confesses.
32) 2) dialog: Look Phil, we've had a tragedy ... Josh was killed last night.
32) 4) dialog: Hit and run. (a beat) Thanks, thank you. Let me call you later. CLOSE ON The rearview mirror and the driver's eyes.
35) 0) text: Sunlight. The state trooper offices, clean, modern. The cab pulls up at the entrance. Ethan hands the driver some money.
35) 1) dialog: Keep the change. As Ethan walks up the steps, he sees a battered old SUV, (dark blue) on a truck flat bed. He hurries.
35) 2) dialog: Did you get him? 45 INT. STATE POLICE BARRACKS. BURKE’S OFFICE - DAY 45 Ethan sits across from Sgt. Burke.
35) 4) dialog: I saw an SUV out there.
35) 8) dialog: Well yeah, dark, the same shape. ETHAN’S POV - THROUGH A WINDOW - of the SUV. SERGEANT BURKE. We’ve had that since Saturday. You think that might be the model?
35) 9) dialog: Well something like that. They sit again.
35) 11) dialog: What are the chances of this man turning himself in?
35) 15) dialog: He shouted something.
35) 17) dialog: The driver. Yeah, that’s right a shout, sounded like Lo ... Look. (CONTINUED )
35) 21) dialog: I don’t know, I didn’t hear anymore.
35) 23) dialog: No, I didn’t see anyone. It all happened in a flash.
35) 26) dialog: It was all so fast. Burke lifts some evidence bags from a box.
35) 28) dialog: No.It is a peanut jar. Josh collected fireflies in it. (CONTINUED )
35) 32) dialog: No. to let them go.
36) 0) text: Burke walks Ethan to his car.
36) 2) dialog: Thanks. Ethan gets in the Volvo, still dazed from the peanut jar revelation.
38) 0) text: Dwight steps outside, a TAXI is waiting. He tries to breathe fresh air into his lungs. As he stands, Ethan’s car drives by.
39) 0) text: Sunlight. Grace is at the kitchen table, doing nothing. Shuffling papers, staring at Emma who sits on the outside porch drawing for her GRANDMOTHER BETH. Grace sees Ethan come up the porch stairs, take Beth is his arms, they embrace, profoundly. Ethan enters,
39) 1) dialog: It’s good your mother’s here. Grace gets up, moves toward him.
39) 3) dialog: No. They don’t have anything yet.
39) 5) dialog: Nothing.
39) 9) dialog: I ahh, yeah I went over what I saw, tried to pick the make of his truck. Details. The embrace breaks, she looks in his eyes.
39) 12) dialog: Nothing.
39) 14) dialog: They found the peanut jar ...
39) 16) dialog: Broken, on the road.
39) 18) dialog: It was nobody’s fault.
40) 0) text: Ethan’s car pulls up. As he walks away from it we see he is at Reservation Road Now in the afternoon sunlight, autumn trees, under a clear sky. He walks the road, sees a softball square, an old cemetery. He wanders to the gas station. He stands by the gas pumps, staring up the road. Trying to force himself to see clues he missed.
41) 0) text: Again, the setting idyllic, trimmed bushes, carefully groomed lawn, fake roman pillars around the entrance to add style to the building. Ethan pulls up.
42) 0) text: The interior tastefully depressing, wood panelling, abundant flowers soothing music. Ethan sits opposite the FUNERAL DIRECTOR.
42) 2) dialog: Cremation, no? I don’t know ...
43) 0) text: Late night. Grace and Ethan are at the kitchen table alone.
43) 1) dialog: .».. we can bury him in the cemetery, among the lines of headstones. Or we can take him to the place he loved most in the world, and let him become part of that. He takes her hand pulls her closer.
43) 2) dialog: Let’s take him to the shore. He kisses her, wipes tears from her eyes.
43) 4) dialog: Tomorrow.
43) 6) dialog: Don’t, we’ll get through it. They kiss, and cling to each other. INT. DWIGHT’S HOUSE. KITCHEN - DAY 59 CLOSE ON the local newspaper headline. “LOCAL BOY KILLED IN HIT AND RUN - POLICE APPEAL FOR HELP.” Pull back from photo and reveal: Dwight studying the photo, reading the article, the newspaper spread out on his breakfast bar. He drops his head and bangs it on the newspaper, again and again, harder and harder. 61 62 31.
44) 0) text: The same newspaper is on the counter top. Ethan has his arm around Grace as they read it together. They are in their funeral clothes
44) 2) dialog: It’s a school photo. It doesn’t matter. CLOSE ON the school photo of Josh smiling. Grace’s mother arrives in the kitchen with Emma, both dressed for the funeral.
44) 4) dialog: We'd better go.
46) 0) text: CLOSE ON the puzzled faces of SCHOOLBOYS and GIRLS - Josh's classmates - not used to dealing with death. This small Episcopalian church is crowded with Ethan’s FELLOW PROFESSORS, FAMILY AND FRIENDS, and a contingent of SCHOOL CHILDREN, who have gathered for this ceremony.
47) 0) text: Dwight sits in his rental car, looks toward the church further down the street as the CROWD emerges from the service. Dwight takes off his sunglasses, stares. He watches as Ethan and Grace emerge with Emma, hand in hand between them. Dwight’s heart is pounding, his hand trembles, as though Ethan will look up and recognize him. He puts the sunglasses back on. Then his eyes widen in shock, because: He sees his ex-wife Ruth emerge from the church and console Ethan and Grace. Dwight starts the car, does a u-turn in the street, and takes off.
48) 0) text: The coffin has been placed in the HEARSE. Ethan, and Grace watch. GRACE’S MOTHER holds on to Emma. As the hearse pulls away, Grace can no longer hold her composure, she moves away from Ethan toward the hearse.
49) 0) text: It’s Monday morning, a week has gone by. The house, an emblem of New England serenity. Ethan emerges, hand in hand with Emma. Grace in her bathrobe, hair unbrushed - watches from the window. Emma waves goodbye. The car takes off, now Grace is totally alone. 67 68 33.
50) 0) text: Close on Grace’s hand as she plugs the power cord of the answering machine back in. Presses play. The recorded message light shows 34. Her finger hovers over the ‘delete all’ button, about to hit it, then she stops, hits ‘play’. She listens to the first word of a message, a distraught voice, “Ethan, Grace...” she hits delete, next is “My God...” Delete. With each message, all Grace needs is the first syllable, then delete, faster, faster, the number dwindles, 22, 17, 11, 9, then the frantic tones of voice disappear. Now we hear “Hello Grace, its Walden, I have those white pines you ordered.” Delete. Grace, Judie Greenberg darling, my rockery’s ... Then:
52) 11) dialog: (interupts Burke) Any news?
52) 14) dialog: The nature of the injury?
52) 16) dialog: How? (CONTINUED )
52) 22) dialog: You’re looking for a dark SUV with a grill guard. Anything more?
52) 25) dialog: He could be in Mexico by now.
52) 29) dialog: Which is what?
52) 33) dialog: What does depending on the circumstances mean?
52) 36) dialog: How many people get away with this?
52) 45) dialog: You've got to read this. Ten percent of hit and run cases are never resovled. Grace doesn’t know what to say.
52) 47) dialog: Yeah.
52) 49) dialog: You have to leave the house soon, Grace.
53) 0) text: From afar: As Ethan ascends the steps, he is stopped several times by WELL WISHERS who offer handshakes, pats on the back, nods.
54) 0) text: Maybe FORTY STUDENTS, whispering gravely among each other. Then Ethan enters. SILENCE.
54) 1) dialog: Hi there. Okay. I guess you all know that we lost our son Josh last week. (a beat) I know from all your emails that you grieve with me. Now I need to move forward. The best thing you can do to help me is for us all to plunge back into our work. (MORE) (CONTINUED )
54) 4) dialog: Let’s go back to where it all started with Ted Turner aand CNN.
56) 6) dialog: Thank you. (CONTINUED )
56) 10) dialog: It’s been over a week. The police haven’t found the killer. They have nothing or they’re not telling us what they have. (hands a folder to Dwight) Here’s their initial report. (beat) I want this man, this ... animal, prosecuted for homicide.
56) 12) dialog: For an instant.
56) 14) dialog: I might be able to pick him out of a police lineup, or if I sawa picture. It was very dark.
56) 16) dialog: What does that ential?
56) 23) dialog: I want this man to go to jail.
56) 25) dialog: Thank you. Dwight turns away as Steve walks Ethan to the door.
57) 0) text: Dawn breaks, the sun rises over the Connecticut shore. Ethan and Grace are on a rock at the edge of a cove, watching the sunrise. Ethan has tthe stone urn in his aarms as Grace speaks
58) 23) dialog: How was school honey? (CONTINUED )
58) 28) dialog: They're sad about Josh and they don’t want to upset you.
58) 30) dialog: Sure. Emma wanders off. Grace looks at Ethan.
58) 31) dialog: Look at this. Ethan pulls up an internet page on law.
58) 32) dialog: In order to prove hit and run you have to be able to prove that the driver knew he someone. If he says he thought he hit a deer, he can get off. Grace is in a different zone.
58) 34) dialog: Sure. Grace realizes.
59) 0) text: Ethan is on another street. He checks his phone to make sure he got the shot. A LOCAL POLICE PATROL CAR, races past him, lights flashing. It screeches to a halt, and does a rapid three point turn, as a second POLICE CAR appears and pulls in front of Ethan. COPS jump out, in combat stance, guns drawn.
59) 3) dialog: No one else is.
59) 5) dialog: (interrupts) «+. take time. Time doesn’t exist for me anymore. Do you understand that? I’m in this vacuum, this hole were an innocent life was snuffed out and none of you seen to notice or care. (CONTINUED )
59) 10) dialog: Are you sure?
59) 12) dialog: Diplomatic plates. These guys can get away with whatever they want. A diplomat from which country?
59) 14) dialog: Let me ask you this, when was the last time you mentioned my son’s name before today?
59) 16) dialog: Go ahead, at least there’1ll be one charge to come from my son’s death.
62) 0) text: Ethan GASPS awake. The room is dark. He sits up in bed, reality coming back to him like a nightmare. Grace lies sleeping. He moves toward her, needing her. Half-asleep, she opens herself to him. They kiss, slowly at first, then with greater urgency. They begin to make love, Grace desperately needs thiss physical contact, she grows more passionate, while Ethan tries to slow things down, suddenly they are completely out of wack, Ethan can’t do it. He backs off.
62) 2) dialog: I’m sorry, I... ah...
62) 4) dialog: I just can’t, not now.
62) 6) dialog: Don’t be ridiculous.
62) 10) dialog: What are you talking about? The killer’s to blame. No one else. The fucker who stole our son away from us. Ethan swings out of the bed. INT. LEARNER HOUSE - ETHAN’S STUDY. NIGHT 100A CLOSE ON COMPUTER MONITOR: A jazzy clock screen saver flashes 2:06. Then the sound of a key CLICKING, the screen changes to a web page which illuminates Ethan’s face, concentrated on his search.
62) 13) dialog: Hello, Ethan Learner here, wondering where we are at with the case. Can you call me 555-6469? Thank you.
62) 15) dialog: Ethan Learner. Can I schedule an appointment. I’m wondering about diplomatic immunity. Yeah, anyway please call. 555-6469. Thank ... Dwight closes the phone. He gets up, pulls on a T-shirt, shorts, and grabs a pair of running shoes. (CONTINUED )
63) 0) text: The pounding of Dwight’s feet on a suburban street, dead of night, no cars, no people. Dwight running hard, trying to run away from himself. INT. LEARNER HOUSE. ETHAN’S STUDY - NIGHT 105 Ethan listening to a pod cast.
64) 0) text: Dwight has stopped under a tree, studies Ethan’s house, through a net curtain, he can see the changing colors from a screen (The computer monitor flashing).
65) 0) text: Ethan wanders in, looks toward the bed. Grace has his back to him, her eyes are open, but she doesn’t move. He sits on the bed. Close on Grace, her eyes still open, but now her breathing sounds as though she is sleeping - she’s faking it. Behind her, Ethan studies her back - then he turns, leaves.
67) 0) text: As Grace leads Emma toward the kitchen she looks in, sees Ethan stretched out on the couch sleeping.
69) 0) text: The room is filled with Ethan’s media students. The plasma screen is frozen on an image from Iraq (or Afghanistan). A Persian student, RASHID, is talking angrily.
69) 2) dialog: How so, Rashid?
69) 5) dialog: Let him finish, Brett. (CONTINUED )
69) 15) dialog: No, no. These are valid points, anyone else? Silence. 107a 61. INT. ETHAN’S STUDY - NIGHT 107a Ethan is at the computer, listening intently to a podcast blog (or utube video) from one of the victim web sites. This victim is vitriolic.
70) 1) dialog: What?
71) 0) text: Dwight drives along the street toward Ruth’s house. As he approaches Ruth’s house he slows, because he sees: Ethan talking to Lucas who is petting SALLIE. Dwight makes the decision to drive by when Lucas looks up and sees him and waves.
71) 5) dialog: Hey Dwight.
71) 7) dialog: Good thanks. Lucas is your son?
71) 9) dialog: No kidding. She’s giving my daughter Emma some piano lessons.
71) 14) dialog: I left a few messages.
71) 16) dialog: Forget about the state troopers, they’re useless. We need to talk. When would be a good time?
71) 18) dialog: Very good. Norris appears at the door as Dwight is at his car.
71) 21) dialog: Good to see you. Dwight drives off.
71) 23) dialog: Yes, I’ve been working with him, legal stuff.
71) 28) dialog: You're gonna play at the concert, that’s wonderful.
71) 30) dialog: Thanks for everything. 109 INT. DWIGHT’S CAR - DAY 109 As Dwight drives Lucas:
71) 47) dialog: Hey. Ethan is back from college, (CONTINUED )
71) 51) dialog: That’s a group who accumulate information about repeat offenders, drunk drivers, lenient judges. She clicks again. A site on diplomats who have committed crimes while covered by diplomatic immunity.
71) 52) dialog: Yeah, diplomats can just walk away from a crime, often the state department wants to cover it up. There are a lot of them up here. She clicks again. A Net Detective Agency.
71) 53) dialog: Wait, let me show you. He ushers her up from the office chair clicks on another site.
71) 54) dialog: I’m looking into other possibilities.
71) 56) dialog: Of how to find this guy.
71) 58) dialog: I’ve got to find him, Grace. I’m going to find him. (CONTINUED )
71) 63) dialog: How can you say that. I can’t believe that I have to defend myself to you as well.
71) 65) dialog: Everyone I talk to says you have to move on, put it behind you, let the police take care of it. Why? Why do they say that?
71) 67) dialog: No they want to see me resign myself to the fact that this guy who destroyed our lives will get away with it. Why should he get away with it?
72) 0) text: Ethan pulls up and discovers RAUL’S TRUCK parked in the driveway. Alongside the usual lawnmowers and leaf blowers is Josh’s bicycle. ONE OF RAUL’S WORKERS emerges carrying roller blades, another has an aquarium.
72) 1) dialog: What the hell are you doing? The Mexican laborers clearly don’t speak English. They look at him puzzled. 72.
73) 0) text: Grace has all of Josh’s possessions, clothes, games, equipment, stacked on the picnic table, and is handing piles to Raul and his workers. Ethan bursts in.
73) 1) dialog: What the hell are you doing?
73) 3) dialog: Wait a minute.
73) 5) dialog: Have I no say in this?
73) 7) dialog: Don’t fucking talk to me like that. I want to heal as much as you do, but I will never get it while his murderer is out there. Don’t you understand that?
73) 9) dialog: No. I won’t go through my life hiding from the fact I never did anything to right that wrong. She turns into the house yelling back. (CONTINUED )
78) 0) text: The concert over, Ethan, Grace (holding hands, close) and Emma work their way through the CROWD OF HAPPY PARENTS. Everyone offers congratulations to Emma. There’s a great buzz following the finale skit. Ethan, has his arm around Grace as they move toward their car. Another PARENT stops them.
78) 8) dialog: Nothing. Grace finds Emma, kisses her.
78) 12) dialog: Nothing’s wrong. I can’t stand all this sympathy. Let’s go.
78) 16) dialog: You were marvellous. They get in the car and begin to drive, and, as they pass, Ethan watches as Dwight with his arm proudly around Lucas meets up with Ruth and Norris. Ethan’s car cruises past unnoticed.
78) 23) dialog: You've lost me! I’ve lost myself. My soul. No amount of therapy is ever going to give that back to me, don’t you understand that? (CONTINUED )
78) 27) dialog: Yeah, the great protector of the family. How can you say that? My son is dead ... while his father watched ...
78) 29) dialog: (quiet anger) Don’t say that to me. There’s no going past this. Grace leaves. Ethan opens his hand to reveal Dwight’s business card.
80) 0) text: Ethan in the forecourt of the gas station looking up at the CROWS ‘cawking’ above him Dwight’s car pulls in. He gets out. They shake hands. Ethan starts walking toward the spot where Josh died.
80) 1) dialog: Dwight, thanks for taking the time. I wanted to meet here because I’ve a few ideas that might help the investigation. As they cross the gas station forecourt
80) 2) dialog: Have you been here before?
80) 4) dialog: I thought maybe you’d come to familiarize yourself with the case.
80) 6) dialog: Let me show you where Josh died. They reach the spot.
80) 7) dialog: Right here. The killer came round that bend, had to be doing fifty, swerved right over there, came back and hit my son right here. He must have been drunk? He looks to Dwight for an answer.
80) 11) dialog: Only the killer knows, and he’s not going to talk. Ethan starts walking back toward the crossroads. A truck comes up behind them, Dwight sees it first, grabs Ethan’s arm, pulls him off the roadway as the truck roars by.
80) 13) dialog: The police have dumped this case, haven,t they?
80) 15) dialog: Like what?
80) 17) dialog: I’m sorry Mr. Arno but I’m sick of waiting. Look how beautiful it is. Here’s what I’d like to do. I'd like to offer a reward, a big one. $250,000, a half a million, whatever I can borrow on the house. Get the press to come here. That would give me a chance to make an appeal, to ask this man how he can live with himself. How he could do such a cowardly thing as to drive away and leave a ten year old boy dying in the dirt? Do you think that would work?
80) 21) dialog: (checking watch) I got to get home. My daughter frets when I leave. (a beat) Let me ask you this, you’ve got a son, same age as Josh. If someone killed him and you found out who this guy was what would you do?
80) 23) dialog: Would you? Knowing he’ll get a slap on the wrist.
80) 25) dialog: Thanks again.
84) 0) text: The door opens to Ethan and Emma are on the porch. Emma holds the flowers, Ethan has the cake.
84) 2) dialog: She did so well at the concert, played so beautifully, we wanted to thank you.
86) 0) text: Ethan, Emma and Ruth sit around the kitchen table. The flowers are already in a vase on the table, and Ruth is opening the Black Forest cake.
86) 2) dialog: Ethan. Not for me thanks. (CONTINUED )
86) 6) dialog: Great.
86) 9) dialog: Your son’s sox fan. He must be excited about the series.
86) 11) dialog: How long where you guys together?
86) 13) dialog: Dwight lives near by?
88) 1) dialog: Tell your son I said he has a big future in comedy.
88) 3) dialog: Yes, I remember when we discovered Josh was such a beautiful cello player ...
88) 5) dialog: No, don’t be sorry. Anyway, we'd better get back to Emma’s mom. Do you mind if I use the bathroom?
89) 0) text: Ethan climbs the stairs. He looks around finds the bathroom but also sees a bedroom festooned in Red Sox paraphanalia. He stops, listens to Ruth chat with Emma, then, quietly, walks into Lucas’ room. INT. WHELDON HOUSE. LUCAS’ BEDROOM - DAY 143 Ethan takes in the room, the mess, school books, baseball glove, and on a chest of drawers, a series of photos in cheap frames. He studies this chronicle of Lucas’ life. Then one photo rivets him to the spot. CLOSE ON a photo of Dwight and Lucas in the car park of Fenway, holding Red Sox shirts, as they lean against a 1998 dark blue Ford Explorer with a grill guard. Ethan carefully picks up the photo, slides it between his belt and the small of his back, and adjusts his shirt.
90) 2) dialog: Okay, little lady we got to go. Emma gets up, heads to the door with Ethan.
92) 8) dialog: I saw your ad on the web. I’m looking for a pistol, something simple, a revolver maybe. He hangs up, then the sound of the door handle. The knocking.
92) 10) dialog: Yeah. He sticks the photo in his pocket.
92) 12) dialog: I don’t know, maybe something’s up with the lock.
92) 14) dialog: I’m not hungry. She walks away. INT. DWIGHT’S HOUSE - NIGHT 148 The first night of the Series. Red Sox vs. Cardinals. Chips, soda, hot dogs spread out on a table. Dwight and Lucas are totally absorbed in the game. INT. ETHAN’S CAR, LOCAL HUNTING STORE - NIGHT 150 Ethan sits outside the hunting store, he’s nervous as he fumbles with a revolver. It falls apart in his hands. A car pulls up beside him, he hastily packs the pieces in the box, takes off. 153 155 157 158 159 96.
94) 0) text: Ethan stands alone outside Emma’s room, thoughts and feelings barely in control. He takes a deep breath before entering. INT. LEARNER HOUSE. EMMA’S ROOM - CONTINUOUS 159 Emma’s in her pajamas, under the covers. Ethan sits down on the edge of the bed.
94) 1) dialog: Sleepy?
94) 3) dialog: Well, try. Close your eyes. Her eyes remain open, looking at him.
94) 5) dialog: Not tonight. Ethan places his hands over Emma’s hands. He looks on the verge of tears. (CONTINUED )
94) 9) dialog: I must be tired.
94) 11) dialog: Good night, Pumpkin. Don’t ever forget how much I love you.
95) 1) dialog: Io... She disappears inside their bedroom and closes the door. 161 INT. DWIGHT’S HOUSE - SAME TIME 161 The final moments of the game. A cliff hanger. The Sox take it. Lucas is ecstatic.
96) 0) text: Ethan walks from his house to his car.
97) 3) dialog: (confused, angry) Is that your son? Dwight is backing up, keeping his body between Ethan and Lucas room.
97) 4) dialog: Shut him up. Dwight backs up to the door to Ethan’s room. His hands up appealing for Ethan to stay out. Dwight opens the door to Lucas bedroom. Ethan flattens himself against the wall beside the door, points the shotgun, hears Lucas.
97) 14) dialog: Come on. EXT. DWIGHT’S HOUSE. NIGHT The door opens, Dwight emerges, the gun is in his back. Ethan appears. Dwight stands in the garden. Ethan looks around, unsure, grabs Dwight by the coat and pushes him toward his car.
97) 15) dialog: Hurry up. (CONTINUED )
97) 18) dialog: Go to the trunk. Dwight heads for the trunk. Close on the trunk pops open.
97) 19) dialog: Get in. Dwight clambers in. Ethan pushes the trunk down. To black He snaps the trunk closed. BANG
105) 0) text: Ethan appears confused, not sure where to go. The car’s headlights push through the darkness revealing, rocks, trees, and beyond the moon glistening off the waters of Long Island Sound where josh’s ashes were scattered. 181 106.
106) 1) dialog: Get out! Dwight still doesn’t move. Ethan lifts the barrel of the gun, brings it down on Dwight’s head, BANG, the revolver accidentally discharges.
106) 2) dialog: AaaHH! Aaahh! Ethan jumps back in shock, stands motionless as the gunshot rings across the Sound. Ethan doesn’t know what to do. He looks at Dwight breathing heavily inside the trunk. Still silence. Close on Dwight.
106) 3) dialog: Get out! Dwight clambers out.
106) 4) dialog: Over there! Dwight heads toward the sandy shore. Ethan looks like he’s going to explode. He rushes toward Dwight with the revolver.
106) 5) dialog: Do you know what you have done to my family. You have destroyed us!
106) 9) dialog: You want me to turn you in so that you can pull your tricks in court, and then laugh at me on the street. You sat and lied to me. We'll get this guy, compensation. I gave you his accident report, with those photos, his dead body. You're a fucking murderer.
106) 11) dialog: (screams) An accident, you fucking killed him, and you drove away, why would you drive away from an accident.
106) 13) dialog: He was road kill, a dead squirrel, stray dog, my Josh. Did he see you.
106) 15) dialog: Did you see the fireflies .... He as releasing fireflies. He wouldn’t hurt fly... Fuck you, fuck you to hell. You sat and listened to me, shook my hand. You said you were going to help me. What sort of a monster are you? Have you no soul? (CONTINUED )
106) 19) dialog: Time! What time. Time to torment me, to shout Lou in my face. You went with me to the place where you killed my son and you stood their with your stupid face and said there would be a break in the case. You don’t deserve to live. He pushes Dwight toward the water ... Dwight is destroyed by Ethan’s rage and hate.
106) 21) dialog: Jesus Christ, you’re pathetic, you'll say anything, to save yourself. As they move so seaweed covered rocks, Ethan slips, he reaches, tries to grab on to Dwight’s sweater. Misses. Crashes on to the rocks, Bangs his head, The revolver flies from his hand. And falls to the ground. He’s stunned, can’t move. Then turns to see Dwight lift the revolver. The cylinder has fallen open. Now Dwight Snaps it back into place. (CONTINUED )
107) 0) text: Ethan sits alone on the top stair of the porch as the faintest light of dawn breaks.
107) 3) dialog: (crying) God, I miss him so. She rests her head on his shoulder.