0) 0) text: The concert is over. The audience breaks up. Ethan and Grace, arm around each other (like lovers), move through groups of parents. Ethan carries his son’s Cello. Josh plays with his sister Emma and some other kids by a tree, they are catching fireflies.
0) 11) dialog: I’ve got another one.
0) 14) dialog: Thanks, Dad. They arrive at their car, get in.
1) 0) text: Ethan drives, Grace beside him. Josh and Emma in the back. (Prairie Home Companion is on the radio).
1) 2) dialog: Yeah, we have practice Tuesdays and Saturdays.
1) 4) dialog: I don’t know, dad. It’s the finals. Garrison Kellior on the radio: “It got cold in Lake Wobegon, like your father just walked into the room.”
1) 8) dialog: Like when Mrs. Prendegast walks in the room at school. (CONTINUED )
1) 11) dialog: Mom! Josh and Emma begin to study the fireflies. Ethan switches on the wipers, pushes the wiper button to clean the dirty screen. Nothing.
1) 17) dialog: Sure, mom. The Volvo signals left and turns on to Reservation Road.
5) 0) text: Ethan steps out into the night, reading the label, then looks up as a CAR comes from his left, the road is illuminated and in the blaze of light (from brights). He sees Josh standing between two clumps of bushes on an aisle by the road. Then there is a SCREECH of tires, and, suddenly, from his right, the dark SUV careens into the light of the car then they pass. Ethan is frozen, about to turn as the SUV veers toward his son.
5) 2) dialog: 
10) 0) text: Ethan watches in terror as the SUV HITS JOSH, BOUNCES him sideways, and he disappears behind the clump of trees.
11) 0) text: Josh's body flies off to the side. At the same time: Inside, LUCAS ARNO (11), is asleep in the passenger seat. He flies forward, his face smashes into the dashboard.
16) 0) text: Now Ethan sees Josh, lifeless, blood trickling from his ears. He falls to his knees beside his child. (CONTINUED )
46) 0) text: CLOSE ON the puzzled faces of SCHOOLBOYS and GIRLS - Josh's classmates - not used to dealing with death. This small Episcopalian church is crowded with Ethan’s FELLOW PROFESSORS, FAMILY AND FRIENDS, and a contingent of SCHOOL CHILDREN, who have gathered for this ceremony.
50) 1) dialog: Hey mom, I need rosin for my cello, it’s on top of my desk. Can you bring them with you? Love you. Bye.” She plays it again, again, transported back before the horror, then a BUZZ, another BUZZ. It’s the doorbell.
72) 0) text: Ethan pulls up and discovers RAUL’S TRUCK parked in the driveway. Alongside the usual lawnmowers and leaf blowers is Josh’s bicycle. ONE OF RAUL’S WORKERS emerges carrying roller blades, another has an aquarium.
73) 0) text: Grace has all of Josh’s possessions, clothes, games, equipment, stacked on the picnic table, and is handing piles to Raul and his workers. Ethan bursts in.
80) 0) text: Ethan in the forecourt of the gas station looking up at the CROWS ‘cawking’ above him Dwight’s car pulls in. He gets out. They shake hands. Ethan starts walking toward the spot where Josh died.
105) 0) text: Ethan appears confused, not sure where to go. The car’s headlights push through the darkness revealing, rocks, trees, and beyond the moon glistening off the waters of Long Island Sound where josh’s ashes were scattered. 181 106.