21) 6) dialog: I'm afraid I need to ask you some questions about what occurred here. Ethan just stares at him. Underwater. SERGEANT BURKE (CONT’D) Can you tell us exactly what you saw? Mr. Learner ... I have to do this, we have a crime, a fugitive and time is of the essence.
21) 8) dialog: It’s a terrible thing, Mr. Learner, but I need your best recollection.
21) 10) dialog: What time would this have been?
21) 20) dialog: And the vehicle that hit your son came from the right? Ethan manages a nod. SERGEANT BURKE (CONT’D) Could you describe it for me?
21) 22) dialog: You get the make?
21) 24) dialog: Could you describe the driver? Ethan is frozen by his own uncertainty.
21) 29) dialog: What was your son doing on the road? Ethan looks at him with tears in his eyes.
21) 31) dialog: I understand. We’1ll continue tomorrow. One of my guys will drive you home. But Ethan’s no longer listening. Lost in the nightmare of his own helplessness, staring at the body bag.
21) 33) dialog: I’m sorry Mr. Learner but need to keep the body here for now. It’s a crime scene. I’m going to make sure everything is handled with the greatest respect. You’ve got family to look after. Please go home. The word ‘body’ cuts Ethan like a sword.
35) 3) dialog: No, I’m afraid not.
35) 5) dialog: Similar? (CONTINUED )
35) 10) dialog: Good, we're getting somewhere. Let’s look at some similar makes.
35) 12) dialog: In the first few days, very good. He’s drunk or high, he goes home, sobers up, realizes what he’s done and turns himself in. The longer it goes then surrender becomes less likely.
35) 16) dialog: Who did?
35) 20) dialog: Look out maybe.
35) 22) dialog: No one else in the truck?
35) 24) dialog: Did you notice anything unusual about the vehicle, snow plough attachment, grill guard. Ethan shakes his head “no,” uncomfortable with his lack of memory.
35) 25) dialog: The reason I ask is that we usually find some debris from the impact: paint flakes, fiber glass, dirt the wheel well. There was none of that at the scene.
35) 27) dialog: We gathered up some items from around the scene, perhaps you could take a look. The first bag contains some crushed soda cans, empty cigarette pakcs. Ethan studies, shakes his head no. The Burke reaches in takes out another bag, its the peanut jar, intact, the lid is separate, the fireflies are gone. Etha’s look registers with Burke. SERGEANT BURKE (CONT’D) You recognize that.
35) 31) dialog: You think that’s why he got out of your car? To collect fireflies.
36) 1) dialog: This is a small town, Mr. Learner. We’ve mobilized all our resources. I'm hopeful we'll find this vehicle and catch this man quickly. Ethan acknowledges the support. Sergeant Burke hands Ethan a brown envelope. SERGEANT BURKE (CONT’D) Victims Services have put together a package of brochures, advise about practical and legal aspect of dealing with this sort of crime. All our numbers are in there. Call any time.
51) 13) dialog: Forensics have returned your son's belongings. She stands back from the door, and Burke enters.
52) 2) dialog: (helpfully) Yeah he said he’d be here. Grace looks down at the bag. Goes to reach out. Burke throws a diversionary request.
52) 3) dialog: You wouldn’t have some water ... (CONTINUED )
52) 7) dialog: Coffee would be great, I never feel human ‘til my sixth cup. Grace is having trouble putting this cup of coffee together. She searches in the fridge.
52) 9) dialog: Black is fine. The front door opens, Ethan hurries in.
52) 12) dialog: I brought back some items, your son’s clothes. But yes we’re making some progress. Ethan sits beside Grace at the table, takes her hand. Grace drops her head, Ethan waits for more news.
52) 13) dialog: As I thought, the nature of the injury indicates that the SUV was fitted with a grill guard.
52) 15) dialog: The autopsy results indicate a grill guard.
52) 19) dialog: (reluctant) Josh suffered a sharp blow to the rib cage which fractured several ribs, and unfortunately drove one into his heart. He died instantly, no pain.
52) 21) dialog: (lies) The medical officers assured me.
52) 23) dialog: It helps us narrow the field somewhat. We’re still working on the headlight glass and we’re canvasing the area. On Sunday we intend to set up checkpoints at the time of the accident. Question drivers who may have passed.
52) 26) dialog: These investigations can take time..
52) 28) dialog: He’1ll be prosecuted to the full extent of the law.
52) 30) dialog: Depending on the circumstances he could get ten years in prison ... (CONTINUED )
52) 34) dialog: The state of Connecticut has a variety of sentencing criteria that have to be assessed ...
52) 37) dialog: You know Mr. Learner, I don’t have the exact figures, but I’1ll get them for you. Rest assured, we are doing everything to get him.
59) 2) dialog: It’s the home of a Middle Eastern Diplomat. You can’t be doing this, Mr. Learner.
59) 4) dialog: That’s not true. We’ve been canvasing houses, visiting repair shops, junk yards. These things
59) 9) dialog: That’s not true. We investigated that car. It was involved ina fender bender a few days ago in the city.
59) 11) dialog: Yes I am, Mr. Learner.
59) 13) dialog: What does that matter Mr. Learner?
59) 15) dialog: This is not a productive discussion. The diplomat wants to charge you with trespass.
59) 17) dialog: I persuaded him not to. Why don’t you go home and calm down? INT. DWIGHT’S HOUSE. KITCHEN - NIGHT 9la Dwight has a video camera resting on some books on the breakfast bar. He flips the lcd screen so that he can video himself. He sits on a stool, checks his image in the lcd screen then presses the record button on a remote.
60) 12) dialog: Mr. Arno, come on in. INT. STATE POLICE BARRACKS. BURKE’S OFFICE - DAY 97 CLOSE ON Burke.
60) 13) dialog: I’m glad you’ve come in Mr. Arno. On Dwight, speechless.
60) 14) dialog: What kept you. Steve called me a while go to say you’d taken the case. We’ve got to make sure we don’t have a reoccurrence of the last incident .
60) 16) dialog: He didn’t tell you? Dwight shakes his head no.
60) 17) dialog: He’s been going around photographing damaged SUVs. Scared the daylights out of a Saudi Diplomat. Could have got himself shot. Now he seems to have got a thing in his head that it might have been a diplomat involved in the accident. (he opens a folder) Here’s the reality of the case. (MORE ) (CONTINUED )