34) 1) dialog: Hey Dwight. INT. CUTTER & ASSOCIATES. STEVE CUTTER’S OFFICE - DAY 42A A smartly dressed, handsome man (50ish). This is Steve CUTTER, the owner and principle lawyer of the firm.
34) 2) dialog: You in court this morning?
34) 4) dialog: How'd it go with Lucas this weekend?
34) 6) dialog: I got a call from Ruth this morning, said you were belligerent, brought Lucas home with a black eye.
34) 8) dialog: Look buddy, you can’t get into situations with her. She drags us in front of that judge again you'll loose the sleep over. Nora Fennelli’s waiting. Dwight nods, mutters fuck to himself as he leaves. 23. 43 INT. CUTTER & ASSOCIATES. DWIGHT’S OFFICE - DAY 43 Dwight hurries in. NORA FENNELLI is reading an old New Yorker magazine.
37) 0) text: Inside, Dwight heads toward the exit door, stops momentarily at Cutter’s door. Steve is on the phone.
37) 1) dialog: (on phone) One second ... (CONTINUED )
56) 2) dialog: Hey Dwight, you got a minute? INT. CUTTER & ASSOCIATES. CUTTER’S OFFICE - CONTINUOUS 77 Dwight walks into Jack’s office - and sees Ethan on the couch looking up toward him.
56) 4) dialog: Dwight, this is Professor Ethan Learner. My associate Dwight Arno. Ethan lost his son Josh in that terrible hit and run last week over by Reservation Road. You must have read about it? Dwight addresses Ethan - disappointed in some way that Ethan hasn’t identified him.
56) 9) dialog: Mr. Learner feels he needs our help. Cutter indicates for Dwight to sit beside Ethan.
56) 13) dialog: Would you be able to give a description?
56) 15) dialog: We’ll start with the state troopers, and the DA’s office, light a fire under their asses, make sure the case is being prosecuted professionally. Then you should think about a civil suit.
56) 18) dialog: (jumping in) The perpetrator.
56) 22) dialog: We'll sue the perpetrator. A civil suit is an action that results in financiall remuneration.
56) 24) dialog: You told me earlier that your son died because he was struck by the grill guard. The manufacturer should be sured, let them know these things are for cattle ranches, not our city streets. Dwight and i will get all the relevant detials fromt th police, the corner’s office. I think Donna has all our contact details, right? Here are our cards. Ethan takes the cards. He and Steve stand. Dwight follows, fumbles for a card, and finally hands one to Etahan. Ethan shakes hands with Dwight and Steve.
56) 26) dialog: We're sorry for your loss. We’re going to stay with you during this whole process. Ethan leaves. Steve closes the door.
56) 27) dialog: What the fuck is wrong with you?
56) 29) dialog: Why not? There are guys in the city making a fortune with this sorta work. Since 9/11 victims comp. is huge. Besides, I feel for the guy, don’t you? (CONTINUED )
56) 35) dialog: What, you’re too busy? Come on Dwight, eleven o’clock, you wander in, what gives these days?
56) 37) dialog: You see a doctor? Dwight shakes his head “no.”
56) 38) dialog: Hey what have I told you, stop putting things off. Go see a doctor, get a good night’s sleep. We got work to do.
74) 0) text: Outside tables at a downtown restaurant, filled with the regular LUNCHTIME MIX OF LOCALS. Dwight and Steve sit over the remains of lunch. CHERYL, the cute, the waitress, bangs two orders of pie down on the table.
74) 2) dialog: (leering) The nut’s mine, Cheryl honey. The cream, too.
74) 4) dialog: We can negotiate. Cheryl walks off, Steve watching her ass all the way.
74) 5) dialog: Jesus, my fucking kingdom for a waitress. You getting much these days?
74) 9) dialog: Come on, good looking guy, divorced, party animal. You must be knocking them down two by two.
74) 11) dialog: Jeez, that’s depressing. I figured you come in looking like shit, you musta been banging all night. Now you’re telling me ...
74) 13) dialog: Check the mirror. You're letting it slide buddy.
74) 15) dialog: You haven’t done a thing in over a month. Nora Fennelli’s threatening to find another firm.
74) 17) dialog: Forget it Dwight, you’ve always got somebody else to blame. It’s about running a business. I took a gamble hiring you.
74) 19) dialog: Oh yeah, how about drunk and disorderly, and an order of protection against you? A child with two teeth knocked out? Dwight’s trigger temper takes over, his eyes are on fire, his whole demeanor is attack. (CONTINUED )
74) 23) dialog: Listen to yourself, everybody's against you. I’m all you’ve got Dwight. I’ve gone to court for you. I gave you a job when no one would hire you. I’ve been taking your side for years and, still, you won’t listen to me. I’m gonna say it one last time, you wipe your own shit or you lie in it. Steve gets up.
74) 24) dialog: You get the check, I pay you enough.