67) 6) text: Shooting aliens. Steve musses up the boy's hair, smiling.
87) 2) text: Helicopter footage of people gathered on the rooftops of downtown Los Angeles holding up drawings of space aliens.
88) 3) text: Isn't this cool?  And you thought I was nuts.  Oh, look, I brought mine with me. Tiffany holds up a drawing of a space alien.
98) 2) text: ...each has been refitted with what Pentagon officially hope will be our first step in communicating with the alien craft... We WIDEN to reveal a large contingent of military personn along with the President's chief advisors gathered around several monitors, (the center monitors are momentarily bl Suddenly everyone snaps to attention as the President ent
99) 2) text: Very nice. Constance is looking at David's laptop displaying the breakdown of the alien signal.
110) 2) text: It's beautiful. She digs her drawing of an alien out of her purse as she excitedly rushes up to the others.  She holds it up to th sky, proudly.
145) 0) text: The missiles are headed straight for the alien ship. Suddenly about a quarter mile before they reach it, they EXPLODE, as though blown out of the sky. When the smoke clears we see there has been zero damage.
149) 0) text: Steve's squadron BANKS hard, skirting the edge of the shi protective shield. As the fighters approach, the alien ship's enormous ATTAC doors OPEN.  Suddenly DOZENS OF ALIEN ATTACKERS dart out towards our fighters.
154) 0) text: A dozen PILOTS race out onto the field, running for their planes.  Before anyone can reach them, the sky darkens wi ALIEN ATTACKERS who STRAFE the runway.
157) 0) text: Rolling end over end, the Attacker is banged up BADLY as finally comes to a stop. Not far away, Steve has a quick, hard, landing.  Rolling Steve quickly pops the buckles on the chute and frees him He stands and looks around.  Spotting the beat up and incapacitated alien Attacker, Steve gets an angry resolve look.  He marches over to the fallen alien Attacker.  He it quickly, spots a type of door that has been knocked aj With all his might, Steve YANKS the door OPEN.
165) 0) text: Dragging a heavy bundle wrapped in his parachute, Steve marches across the desert floor.  The alien ARM/TENTACLE dangles out of the parachute. Exhausted, Steve stops to wipe his brow.  He hears someth turns around.
174) 0) text: The bundled alien lays on a stretcher that's wheeled quic into the hall.  Okun and his staff surround it.  Trailing behind them is Steve, Russell and Miguel.
179) 0) text: Okun and two Medical assistants examine the alien creatur His arms and chest have been strapped down to the examini table. For the first time we get a good look at the head of this creature, long tentacled-type cords interlocked, covering face.  The doctors attach clamps to each of the cords.
181) 1) dialog: Release...me.
181) 5) dialog: Will kill...release me.  Now! They follow the tentacles with their eyes, up to the ceil of the containment tank.  Suddenly the alien LEAPS DOWN, startling them, landing before them behind the glass. We see he's holding Okun against the glass, speaking THRO HIM.  This is the first real good look we get at the this creature.  Everyone in the room is repulsed and compelled it at the same time.
184) 0) text: The President has moved closer to the glass and is talkin with the alien.  The alien uses Okun like a ventriloquist dummy.
184) 2) dialog: Air...water...your "sun."
184) 5) dialog: Here...now.
184) 7) dialog: Many worlds...
184) 10) dialog: Peace?  No peace.
184) 12) dialog: Die. The Alien moves closer to the glass staring at the Presid Suddenly the President clutches his head in pain.
184) 14) dialog: We kill you...all. The pain becomes more severe and the President SCREAM OUT There is general panic as people rush to the President's
184) 22) text: They're like locusts.  They travel from planet to planet, their whole civilization.  After they've consumed every natural resource they move on.  And we're next. The President stands with a new resolve.  He stares at th dead alien on the floor.
185) 0) text: The research staff are working near the recovered alien attacker.  Constance comes rushing in.  She looks around David.  Through the glass of one of the offices she sees
222) 0) text: A large MISSILE slides back into a LAUNCHER that has been attached to the top of the alien attacker.  Some workers over the patch-work repairs.  Below, Mitchell briefs Stev David.
229) 0) text: The Alien Attacker SMASHES BACKWARD into the rear of the Moishe winces as the others react fearfully.
232) 0) text: With a WHOOSH the Alien Attacker ZOOMS out of the undergr shaft and SOARS into the sky.  Once high enough it goes i wild barrel roll.
238) 0) text: The captured alien attacker soars higher and higher.
245) 0) text: Caught in a stream of attackers, they flow through the po shaft leading into this planet sized space craft.  They p by enormous windows revealing the HUNDREDS OF ALIENS work within the Mother Ship. We spill out of the shaft and into a gigantic cavity stretching out beyond visibility.  Enormous TOWERS are scattered throughout.
246) 1) text: Below them THOUSANDS OF ALIENS can be seen as they are ma into dozens of enormous TROOP CONTAINERS docked at the ed of the parade grounds.
247) 0) text: They pass the parade ground and head into the middle of t huge cavernous sphere, closing in on the many LANDINGS. Hundreds of attackers are docked at each one. In the center of the Landing are large BAY WINDOWS, insid a kind of control tower.  We can SEE several ALIEN WORKER through the glass.  Steve and David's attacker is heading straight towards them.
274) 0) text: Russell nears the SCHISM, a hail of alien firepower erupt around him.
279) 0) text: Popping up from behind the dash, cigars in their mouths, and David start waving "good-bye" like idiots. The Aliens in the tower don't know how to react.  The attackers move in for the kill.
282) 0) text: The missile SMASHES through the glass.  The atmosphere impeached, the aliens quickly succumb to the elements, ch and dying. The missile BLASTS by WRECKING equipment until it LODGES the back wall of the Landing tower. A small counter on the missile begins to count down 30:00 29:00, 28:00...
285) 0) text: Steve and David's attacker BLAST away, the other alien attackers follow in hot pursuit. The attackers FIRE.  Steve SWERVES avoiding the blasts as race for the exit.
286) 0) text: Grasping for breath, a dying Alien looks up at the wedged nuclear missile.  The counter reads: 00:04, 00:03, 00:02. We get the feeling the Alien knows what's coming.