18) 0) text: Eleven-year-old TROY BRENNON tries to fix the television. His older brother MIGUEL, seventeen, cooks breakfast.
18) 1) dialog: Stop it.
18) 3) dialog: You're gonna break it.  Just leave it alone.  Here, take your medicine. Miguel sits a small bottle of medicine and a spoon down i front of Troy.  Troy pushes the bottle away.
18) 5) dialog: (pushing it back)
18) 7) text: Alicia!  Make sure he takes his medicine. His sister, ALICIA, fourteen, hormones kicking in, testin boundaries, listens to her walkman while putting on too m makeup.  Miguel throws a dish towel to get her as Troy hi the television again.
20) 0) text: Alicia opens the front door and smiles flirtatiously at t angry farmers, LUCAS, who marches over.  Miguel edges her of the doorway, wanting to handle this himself.
20) 1) dialog: Morning, Lucas. Lucas holds a bowl full of rotted vegetables.
20) 4) dialog: He had to re-fuel.  There musta been a problem.
20) 6) dialog: Troy, stop it!  I swear to God!
20) 8) dialog: Stop it, Troy!  I swear to God! Determined, Troy HITS the television again.  This time th picture goes out completely.
25) 0) text: Racing over back roads behind a long open field, Miguel r his beat-up motor bike, searching.  Looking up he SEES something in the air.
25) 2) dialog: (yelling)
25) 3) text: Russell!  God damn it, Russell! Looking down from the cockpit, RUSSELL BRENNON waves stup Shaggy blonde hair and two days' growth, Russell is the i of a fifty-one-year-old little boy. Miguel follows him below, screaming at him.  Russell, fly recklessly, looks down at Miguel not understanding.  By t time he looks back he SEES...
25) 6) dialog: Just what the hell do you think you're doing?
25) 9) dialog: It's the wrong field, you idiot! Lucas' farm is on the other side of town.
25) 11) dialog: Damn it, he was doing you a favor. You know how hard it is to find someone who doesn't think you're completely crazy? (MORE)
25) 12) text: What are we supposed to do now? Huh?  Where are we supposed to go now? Pissed, Miguel peels away, kicking gravel back at Russell Pathetically, he reaches into his jacket and pulls out a bottle of Jack Daniels.  He takes a healthy swig.
42) 0) text: Miguel, Alicia and Troy watch the static riddled T.V.
49) 0) text: Alicia and Troy step out the door, stopping dead in their tracks.  Miguel follows them only to look up and SEE...
84) 0) text: A long crowded highway of people trying to escape from Lo Angeles can be seen in the distance.  The huge space craf hovering behind them. Miguel is on the roof of the trailer, adjusting the T.V. antenna trying to get a picture.  Suddenly the image clea and we SEE a group of people in a crowded hallway.
84) 2) text: ...a local crop duster was arrested today attempting to land at Edwards Air Force Base... On the T.V. we SEE Russell being escorted to a police car Mortified, Miguel can't believe what he's seeing.
84) 7) dialog: Troy, you remember Uncle Hector, from Tucson?
84) 9) dialog: Yeah.  What would you think if we went there to live for a while?
84) 11) dialog: Pack up, we're going. Miguel jumps down from the roof.  Troy climbs down the la
84) 17) dialog: Come on, we're going.
95) 0) text: Sulking, Alicia sits in back with he walkman on.  Troy sl while Miguel drives.  Suddenly Miguel his the brakes, as something comes SAILING DOWN FROM THE SKY. We realize it's the B-WING PLANE landing on the stretch o roadway directly in front of them.
96) 1) dialog: They let you out?
96) 3) dialog: We're leaving, don't try and stop us.
96) 5) dialog: No, you're not!  You're just the man who married my mother.  You're nothing to me! Russell is momentarily silent, stunned.  Recovering...
96) 7) dialog: For once in your life think about what's best for Troy.  Who has to beg for money to buy him medicine when you screw up?  Who? Suddenly we hear glass CRASHING.  Both men spin to find T standing behind them.
96) 9) dialog: You know what this stuff costs? Do you want to get sick again!? Do you!? Frustrated, Miguel shoves Troy aside and heads back into trailer.  Wobbly from the drinking, Russell stands there pathetically, watching.
132) 2) text: ...reports are unclear as to the extent of the devastation, but from all accounts, Los Angeles, Washington and New York have been left in ruins... Russell shoots a worried look over to Miguel.  Suddenly T moves up to the front on wobbly legs.
132) 6) dialog: But I gave you some this morning.
133) 0) text: The trailer, with Russell's Bi-wing in tow, pulls over. rushes out, vomiting on the side of the road.  Miguel com his aide.  Russell steps out and walks to the curve in th highway.
160) 0) text: We see dozens of trailers packing up their gear, some alr on the road.  Miguel talks with one of the drivers, then hurries away, running.
161) 6) dialog: I couldn't find anything. Everyone is packing up, they're leaving.  Word is a space ship is heading this way.
161) 8) dialog: There's a group heading south, they said there's a hospital just a couple hours away.  I think we should follow them. Russell nods in agreement.  A knock on the door.  Alicia to find a handsome young boy, PHILIP in the doorway holdi bottle of pills.
165) 2) dialog: (sarcastic)
165) 5) dialog: It's not on the map.
174) 0) text: The bundled alien lays on a stretcher that's wheeled quic into the hall.  Okun and his staff surround it.  Trailing behind them is Steve, Russell and Miguel.
220) 0) text: Troy is sleeping peacefully in his bed.  Russell sits at kitchen table as Miguel enters.
220) 1) dialog: How' he doing?
250) 2) dialog: Where's Russell?
259) 0) text: Miguel searches for Russell as the refugees run for the hangar.
259) 1) dialog: Russell! Miguel gets swept up in the tide.  As the last of them en the hangar, TWO ALIEN ATTACKERS arrive behind them, STRAF the ground.  The rows of trailers homes EXPLODE one after another.
264) 0) text: Like images from England during the blitzkrieg, the refug are huddled on the floor, the lights FLICKERING and the m sounds of distant EXPLOSIONS.  Miguel moves through the refugees, searching for Russell. A Yarmulke is unfolded.  As it is lifted we realize Moish putting it on.  He holds the hands with the people around and begins to pray.  Nimziki moves next to Moishe.  Moish takes his hand.
266) 0) text: In all the commotion, no one notices as Miguel sneaks ins
271) 2) text: Just keep those guys off me for a few more seconds. Hearing his voice, Miguel is shocked.  He moves closer to the monitors.
273) 0) text: Everyone is gripped to the screen as we see it get closer closer to the closing bay doors.  Miguel is aghast.
273) 4) dialog: Russell! Miguel races over to the microphone, attempts to grab it.
274) 1) dialog: (filtered)