25) 3) text: Russell!  God damn it, Russell! Looking down from the cockpit, RUSSELL BRENNON waves stup Shaggy blonde hair and two days' growth, Russell is the i of a fifty-one-year-old little boy. Miguel follows him below, screaming at him.  Russell, fly recklessly, looks down at Miguel not understanding.  By t time he looks back he SEES...
25) 7) dialog: (climbing down)
25) 10) dialog: You sure?
25) 12) text: What are we supposed to do now? Huh?  Where are we supposed to go now? Pissed, Miguel peels away, kicking gravel back at Russell Pathetically, he reaches into his jacket and pulls out a bottle of Jack Daniels.  He takes a healthy swig.
45) 0) text: Depressed Russell nurses a beer at the counter.  Three FL MECHANICS walk in, having a good laugh.  One of them spot Russell and moves over to him.
45) 5) dialog: Not today, guys.  Okay. Russell gets up and heads for the door.
46) 0) text: The Mechanic follows Russell outside, his buddies in tow.
84) 2) text: ...a local crop duster was arrested today attempting to land at Edwards Air Force Base... On the T.V. we SEE Russell being escorted to a police car Mortified, Miguel can't believe what he's seeing.
84) 3) dialog: They've got to do something. I was abducted by space aliens ten years ago.  They did all kinds of experiments on me.  They've been studying us for years, learning our weakness.  We've go to do something before they kill us all!
96) 0) text: The plane lands, skids into a turn.  Russell jumps out, w over to the trailer.  We can tell he's drunk again.
96) 2) dialog: Just what the hell do you think you're doing? Miguel moves to meet Russell away from the trailer, not wanting the others to hear.
96) 4) dialog: You're not going anywhere.  You hear me?  I'm still your father. Miguel explodes, this has been building up for some time.
96) 6) dialog: Troy's still my son no matter how you feel about me.
132) 2) text: ...reports are unclear as to the extent of the devastation, but from all accounts, Los Angeles, Washington and New York have been left in ruins... Russell shoots a worried look over to Miguel.  Suddenly T moves up to the front on wobbly legs.
132) 4) dialog: When was the last time you had your medicine?
133) 0) text: The trailer, with Russell's Bi-wing in tow, pulls over. rushes out, vomiting on the side of the road.  Miguel com his aide.  Russell steps out and walks to the curve in th highway.
133) 1) dialog: Miguel?  Come take a look at this. Reluctantly Miguel leaves his brother's side.
161) 0) text: Russell wipes down Troy's forehead, he's burning up.  Ali brings over a cold compress.
161) 1) dialog: You know, you're just like your mother.  She was stubborn too.  I had to twist her arm to get her to take her medicine.
161) 7) dialog: We should leave too.
174) 0) text: The bundled alien lays on a stretcher that's wheeled quic into the hall.  Okun and his staff surround it.  Trailing behind them is Steve, Russell and Miguel.
174) 2) dialog: Excuse me Doctor...
174) 5) dialog: My boy is very sick, he needs immediate attention. Okun ignores Russell, hitting the elevator switch on the the room begins its hydraulic HUM.
174) 7) dialog: My boys is slipping into a diabetic coma.  If you don't do something about it right now he will die. Miguel is surprised and proud of Russell as he holds DOCT ISAACS, meaning business.
220) 0) text: Troy is sleeping peacefully in his bed.  Russell sits at kitchen table as Miguel enters.
220) 2) dialog: Just fell asleep.  He's gonna be just fine.  Join me in a little celebration? Russell holds up his bottle of Jack Daniels.  Clearly he' been drinking again.  Miguel is crestfallen.  Pissed he t and storms out.
220) 3) dialog: Miguel.  Don't be mad.  Miguel! Drunkenly, Russell chases after him.
221) 0) text: Making his way through the campers, Russell SEES a group refugees around some MILITARY OFFICERS who addresses them
221) 2) text: ...We're planning to launch a counter offensive... Russell wanders over towards them. OFFICER (cont'd)
221) 3) text: ...with our depleted manpower we must ask that anyone with any flight experience come forward. Military training is preferable but anyone who can fly a plane could be useful... Russell pushes his way through the crowd.
221) 4) dialog: (slurred)
221) 7) dialog: You don't understand.  I've gotta be part of this.  This is important to me.  They ruined my life.
259) 0) text: Miguel searches for Russell as the refugees run for the hangar.
264) 0) text: Like images from England during the blitzkrieg, the refug are huddled on the floor, the lights FLICKERING and the m sounds of distant EXPLOSIONS.  Miguel moves through the refugees, searching for Russell. A Yarmulke is unfolded.  As it is lifted we realize Moish putting it on.  He holds the hands with the people around and begins to pray.  Nimziki moves next to Moishe.  Moish takes his hand.
270) 2) dialog: Sorry I'm late, Mr. President. The President spins and SEES darting out of the clouds...
270) 6) dialog: (into mic)
271) 1) dialog: (filtered)
272) 0) text: The remaining fighters lay down COVER FIRE for Russell's bi-wing.  Russell heads directly TOWARDS THE SCHISM.
273) 1) dialog: (filtered)
273) 5) dialog: (filtered)
274) 0) text: Russell nears the SCHISM, a hail of alien firepower erupt around him.
274) 2) text: Dad!  No! Russell smiles at b being called "Dad."
274) 3) dialog: I've got to, kid.  You were always better at taking care of them than I was anyways. Russell turns off his radio as he banks UPWARD towards th open SCHISM.  The climb is steep, and the bi-wing nearly stalls out. Suddenly the bright lights VANISH and the beam begins to Russell's bi-wing just makes it INSIDE THE OPEN SCHISM an disappears from view. The President and remaining fighters BANK AWAY, clearing. Suddenly, A GIGANTIC EXPLOSION, RIPS THROUGH THE CENTER O SPACE CRAFT.  It's causing a CHAIN REACTION of explosion. Teetering, the entire space ship, turns away out of contr