18) 0) text: Eleven-year-old TROY BRENNON tries to fix the television. His older brother MIGUEL, seventeen, cooks breakfast.
18) 2) dialog: It's all fuzzy.
18) 4) dialog: I don't need it.
18) 7) text: Alicia!  Make sure he takes his medicine. His sister, ALICIA, fourteen, hormones kicking in, testin boundaries, listens to her walkman while putting on too m makeup.  Miguel throws a dish towel to get her as Troy hi the television again.
42) 0) text: Miguel, Alicia and Troy watch the static riddled T.V.
49) 0) text: Alicia and Troy step out the door, stopping dead in their tracks.  Miguel follows them only to look up and SEE...
84) 4) dialog: Just as Troy starts to climb up, Miguel changes the chann Mrs. Whitmore.  Troy sits down next to Miguel.
84) 8) dialog: He's got that SEGA Saturn CD, 64 bit, right?
84) 10) dialog: That'd be cool! Miguel thinks for a second, makes a decision.
84) 12) dialog: (yelling after him)
95) 0) text: Sulking, Alicia sits in back with he walkman on.  Troy sl while Miguel drives.  Suddenly Miguel his the brakes, as something comes SAILING DOWN FROM THE SKY. We realize it's the B-WING PLANE landing on the stretch o roadway directly in front of them.
96) 8) dialog: Stop it!  I'm not a baby!  I don't need your stupid medicine.  I don't need anyone to take care of me! Miguel leans down to see the broken MEDICINE BOTTLE on th floor.  Miguel rushes over to him, furious.
123) 0) text: As the light amplifies, the believers chant, louder and louder.  Suddenly the white light DISAPPEARS.  The believ are stunned.  In a brief moment it is replaced with a BLA A DESTRUCTION BEAM BLASTS down onto the rooftop, splinter everything there, Police helicopter included, into a bill tiny particles. Tiffany is he epicenter, from here the WALL OF DESTRUCTIO outwardly, destroying everything in its path.
129) 2) text: ...My God.  It's destroying everything in its path. Widening... Suddenly the radio CUTS OUT.  Jasmine turns around and SE
132) 3) dialog: Guys, I don't feel so good.
132) 5) dialog: Four days... five? Troy looks really sick.  Miguel is shocked.
132) 7) dialog: I didn't take it.  I thought I didn't need it anymore.
161) 0) text: Russell wipes down Troy's forehead, he's burning up.  Ali brings over a cold compress.
161) 2) dialog: I'm sorry, Dad. (beat; scared)
177) 10) text: If you calculate the time it takes them to destroy a city and move on, we're looking at world wide destruction of every major city within the next thirty six hours.
204) 0) text: Rocked by the massive explosion, the shock wave ROCKS the armored tank but doesn't destroy it.
220) 0) text: Troy is sleeping peacefully in his bed.  Russell sits at kitchen table as Miguel enters.
265) 0) text: The City Destroyer space ship is settling just above the compound as the American fighters circle it, chased by th attackers.  Below the SCHISM begins to open!