6) 7) dialog: Ladies...If I could just interrupt you a second- Rita looks to the far doorway. There, a man in his late fifties, in blue overalls, waits, staring at the floor, in a well practised manoeuvre. This is ALBERT FINCHAM.
6) 12) dialog: Thank you, Connie- Albert climbs onto a bench and the noise rises accordingly. Voices are calling out: “What’s happening, then? What they decided?” Albert struggles to speak over the top.
6) 13) dialog: Yeah. Alright...Hang on. I’1l...If you’d just shut up a minute! The uieten ( y (More) )
6) 16) dialog: Right, well...to quote Winston Churchill himself: it ain’t the end. It ain’t even the beginnin’ of the end. But it may well be the end of the beg-
6) 18) dialog: Please! Ladies! I’m doin’ me best here-
6) 20) text: A shout that he’s lovely when he’s cross. Albert sags but gradually, the girls are quiet. He nods, relieved.
6) 21) dialog: Thank you... (clears throat) So...The deadline we set the management, to respond to our complaint about how they’ve re-graded you...”un- skilled”...has now passed. (voices shout; serious this time) And they still ain’t got back to us- (louder cries) Which means!...you gotta vote! On the threat we made in that original communiqué: an immediate ban on all overtime and a one day stoppage - to happen on the 29th of May. (silence. Eileen glances at Rita, nervously) All them for industrial action: hands up. Rita’s determined face. Her arm goes straight up. She looks round. All of the other hands are up, too.
6) 22) dialog: Against? (no one) Thank you. 187 to nil. I’m seein’ the Management first thing tomorrow mornin’. I’‘1l inform ‘em of your decision. A stunned moment, then as Albert steps down, a huge cheer and applause as and the women break into groups, talking excitedly. Eileen grabs Rita.
6) 28) text: Everyone laughs and the girls return to their benches, still chattering furiously. In the doorway, Albert watches the women going back to their positions. A young lad, BRIAN, passes by, sweeping the corridor. Albert looks to him, indicating the girls.
6) 29) dialog: I fought Rommel, you know. I was never once scared like I am when I go in there. The hooter sounds and the machines start up again. Immediately the door slides shut, just as the girls begin to disrobe.
9) 12) dialog: Do you mind, George...If I have this one...? They turn; Albert is staring across at Sandra; he bends to one side, limbering up. Rita smiles at Albert’s gesture. He turns to Connie.
9) 13) dialog: Like to keep me hand in...Jitterbug, Twist. All them... He takes a deep breath and prepares to stride out-
12) 13) dialog: Connie...Con!- She turns. Albert, wearing a suit and union badge, stands directly in front of them, beaming.
12) 17) dialog: Oh, Christ! He looks down, averting his gaze. Rita, grinning, calls out.
12) 20) dialog: (instant smile again) Meeting tomorrow. Ford headquarters. Down at Warley! The girls all glance at one another, stunned.
12) 22) dialog: (posh voice) “The machinists? The machinists are threatening strike action...” They couldn't believe it! (Chatter breaks out on the floor. Albert leans in) Right. They’1l have Hopkins there. Jones. And Grant...He’s a right miserable sod. Which means we need one more. (Eileen frowns) Little principle I learnt in the war, Eileen: success in battle is very simple. Turn up with more on your side than they’ve got on theirs and turn up when they’re least expectin’ it. (back to Connie) In this case we’re booked in for two thirty, so we'll get there at half one...Monty Taylor’1l come from Union head office, I make two, you’re three, so- (smiles; looks round) -who’s gonna be the extra man? Any takers? And instantly all noise has stopped. The girls stare back at Albert uncertainly. He tuts, disappointed. He looks to Brenda.
12) 26) dialog: Oh, come on...It’s a day off- All hands go up in the air. Several people call out, too. Albert looks over the rows of faces, just as stymied as before. But then he notices Rita. Their gazes lock again. And he smiles.
20) 0) text: We see Connie, Rita, Albert and Monty enter the Berni Inn.
21) 0) text: Red velour and a deep blue carpet. And in a far corner of the restaurant, Rita and Connie, facing Albert and Monty around a table. The two men wear dark suits, Rita and Connie smart dresses; both have their hair set. Monty reaches across and pours more Blue Nun into a wine glass beside his empty pint pot. Then he carries on talking to Albert in hushed tones. Rita finishes a slice of Black Forest gateaux and moans with delight.
21) 10) dialog: Monty?
21) 12) dialog: Yeah. We could...It’s just...If we don’t go now, we’ll end up bein’ on time. Monty considers Albert. The waiter arrives.
22) 2) dialog: That's quite alright.
22) 4) dialog: Honestly. It’s not a problem. Just let him know, we’re here, anyway...At half past. As arranged. (She looks confused, then hurries to an inner door) And there’s four of us. If you need an extra chair. Rita smiles slightly, looking to Albert; sly old dog.
23) 2) text: PETER HOPKINS Ford’s Head of Industrial Relations, late thirties, sits beside two other men,GRANT and JONES both middle aged, facing Monty, Albert, Rita and Connie. Rita glances at the clock. Four fifteen. A black suited PENTHOUSE STEWARDESS serves tea and coffee, no one says thank you except Rita. Finally-
23) 4) dialog: They did not agree, however, as to where they would end up on it. Which is why we're sittin’ round this table! Silence again. Rita fidgets.
23) 12) text: MONTY (CONT’D) -let’s cut to the chase, shall we? We’1l agree to re-convene in two weeks time- Albert stiffens. Rita looks appalled.
23) 13) dialog: Monty?-
23) 15) dialog: The thing is, Monty-
23) 18) dialog: Yeah, well, I’m not sure the girls-
24) 0) text: Rita drags on a cigarette by Albert's car, an old Ford Corsair. She looks worried. Connie is with her. She looks nervous too. The reason is about twenty yards away, by a phone box: Albert being railed at by Monty. After a moment Monty storms into the box and dials. Albert walks back.
24) 1) dialog: He’s calling Branch. Tellin’ ‘em what you said.
24) 3) dialog: I knew....I knew. Up there- (taps head. She frowns) I wanted clever, Rita. That’s why I picked you. (she is stunned) Bringin’ them cuttin’s in, though...that was magnificent...I didn’t expect that: you'd come prepared-
24) 7) dialog: Yeah. Well...All the same...
24) 10) dialog: Leave Monty to me. Rita is wrong footed by Albert’s rapid re-focusing. Connie steps forward-
24) 12) dialog: I’m not gonna say anythin’, Con. You're in charge on the shop floor. They’re your business. He smiles and ducks down into his car. Connie turns to Rita.
30) 0) text: Albert's POV as he watches Rita struggling with the placards, he bangs on the window to get her attention, she comes over to the doorway of the café.
30) 2) dialog: Just been round your house. He wipes his face with his hanky. Rita watches him.
30) 6) dialog: Cause I thought you’d’a gone home ages ago...I’m lucky if I can get the lads to hold out the full hour-
30) 9) dialog: Oh...I wanted a quick chat, was all... (indicates cafe) Fancy a cuppa?
30) 11) dialog: (checks time) You got twenty minutes ‘fore they tip out, ain’t you? She frowns; that’s rather insistent. He looks up from his watch, meeting her gaze. He smiles.
30) 12) dialog: I’m buyin’.
31) 0) text: Rita stares as Albert spoons three sugars into his tea. He stirs and looks at her. She waits, a little edgy. Then he adds one more. She makes to speak- He stirs again-
31) 2) dialog: Alright...You won’t win.
31) 4) dialog: This battle...You’re gonna lose-
31) 6) dialog: Oh, don’t get us wrong. You might get Ford to back down over the gradin’ thing but...I’m talkin’ big picture. And in that case, you ain’t even in the frame-
31) 10) dialog: -'Cause this dispute’s got nothin’ to do with what skill level you are! Ford’s decided to give you less money ‘cause they can...They’re allowed to pay women a lower wage than men. She stares at him. ALBERT (CONT’D) And not just Ford neither. The whole country, Rita. Women gettin’ less...because they’re women... She stares at him. She’s already there but daren’t say it. He shrugs.
31) 11) dialog: You’1l always come second, you’1ll always be dependent, you'll always be fightin’ for the scraps from the top table as long as-
31) 13) dialog: Oh, Rita, if you knew how thick most of the blokes I deal with are... She stares. It makes sense. But she’s scared. She looks away. A second. She looks back, a new thought in her head
31) 15) dialog: I got brought up by me mum...Me and me brothers. Me dad cleared off when we were nippers, SO... (nods ) She worked all her life at Ranley and Coopers. Ball bearin’s...She paid aunt Lilly for lookin’ after us durin’ the day and... He stares, forcing back the emotion. Then to Rita:
31) 18) dialog: -..it was hard. Especially cause she got paid less than half what the blokes in the factory was gettin’. For doin’ the same work...But there was never any question it could be different...Not for her. (smiles, fondly at Rita) You remind me of her, actually, Rita...You got heart and...brains and- (frowns ) -and someone has to stop those exploitin’ bastards from gettin’ away with what they been doin’ for years! He looks back, his eyes filmed with water.
31) 19) dialog: And you can. You can. If you make your battle focus on the right target. Rita stares, suddenly energised. But she’s scared, too.
31) 21) dialog: And she’s magnificent, Rita! At organizin’. And implementin’. But this needs...a leader. To inspire the girls. To make the issues clear. And that ain’t her. Not at the moment-— (Rita makes to speak) And she knows it. ‘Cause I’ve already spoke to her. (Rita is shocked) And she’s more than happy to let you have a go...More than. (touches her arm reassuringly) Look...Don’t say nothin’ now. It’s a big thing, I know that. Just...sleep on it, will you? And let me know tomorrow... (smiles, nods) Here. I’1l take them. Least I can do. He picks up the placards and goes. Rita watches him.
37) 2) dialog: (to himself) That a yes, then? And then, he sets off after her.
38) 0) text: Monty Taylor, in his suit and Union badge, stares at the letter. Albert is by his side. They are surrounded by the girls.
38) 20) dialog: Nothin’ to do with me. The women sweep out.
42) 0) text: Albert, still in Ford overalls, sits on a chair waiting. Monty enters. He looks at Albert and sighs theatrically.
43) 0) text: Albert sits on another chair in the middle of the room. Bartholomew paces up and down for a moment. Then-
43) 8) dialog: Didn't he also say: “progress can be measured by the social position of the female sex”...Or was that a different Marx? Was that Groucho? Bartholomew makes to respond but Albert stands: his turn now.
43) 9) dialog: Equal pay! Across the board! You tellin’ me that ain’t worth fightin’ for? Course it is! And you know it! Only cause’ve all the in-fightin’ and the prejudice and the sixteen other unions down at Ford all lookin’ after their own little patch, you ain’t even tried, have you? Well, you listen to me. This...Rita...she’s got a bigger set of balls than the three of you put together and she ain't scared of layin’ ‘em on the line neither, so I, for one, am gonna help her and if you are, what you say you are, an organisation pledged to support its members - which everyone of them girls most definitely is - then you'll get off your fat, lazy arses and you'll help her, too! Good fuckin’ evenin! He storms out of the room. Rogers looks to Bartholomew. They’re fucked. A beat. They turn on Monty, furious. He cowers. MUSIC STARTS: BORN TO BE WILD - STEPPENWOLF: "Get your motor runnin’...”
44) 0) text: A rally in front of the Town Hall before about fifty people. Albert is on the platform with various other officials. A banner reads A FAIR DAYS PAY FOR A FAIR DAYS WORK. Rita is there, too. Albert finishes speaking and Rita nervously steps forward. A long pause. And then Rita sees Connie, Brenda and the girls. She begins-
48) 0) text: In the more modern main plant, we see Albert, then Dave who is holding up a copy of the Dagenham and Redbridge Echo. BANNER HEADLINE: MANAGEMENT DENY CRISIS. Then we hear Rita’s voice, gliding, over the picture.
49) 1) dialog: Rita... She turns. Albert indicates a young man who stands away from the crush. ALBERT (CONT’D) There's a bloke here from The Times. Rita tries not to react. MUSIC ENDS EXT. TOOLEY’S OFFICE - DAY 64 A copy of The Times lies on the polished desk in Tooley’s office. Tooley sits on one side of the desk and on the other is a man with a leathery face and buzz cut hair. Both men stare at a plastic box in the middle of the desk. It is perforated with dark holes and has a thick power cord running from it. Suddenly, from the box, a silky smooth woman's voice emanates
81) 0) text: Albert and Rita stare at the facade from inside a CAFE. Albert still wears his Ford overalls. A note pad sits beside them on the table and several empty packets of crisps are screwed up in the ashtray.
81) 1) dialog: Now’s the critical time, Rita. You gotta drive them girls forward-
81) 3) dialog: You need to keep an eye on the Union, too. Now the lads’ve all been made redundant. They’1l be nervous. And Monty! Ford's rattled him. I can tell. So careful what news you share with him! She nods. Meets Albert’s eye. He suddenly smiles and clenches his fists.
81) 4) dialog: Hold on tight, girl. INT. RITA’S HOUSE - NIGHT 105 Rita hurries into the house. She’s flushed.
90) 0) text: Rita hurries into the outer chamber of the union offices, where we saw Albert wait for his bollocking.
90) 2) dialog: That don’t matter. You gotta listen- The door opens and a secretary appears
90) 6) dialog: They've hung you out to dry. Lads in the other unions’ve had enough. Whatever they say now, don’t believe it and we’ll sort it out after- (normal voice, turning) This way, please, ladies- He guides the women into the main chamber. Albert smiles in a comradely way to the other men, then closes the door behind him.
92) 0) text: The machinists are all gathered for George’s funeral. A couple of RAF greatcoats can be seen. Possibly ex crew...they’re George’s age. Connie stands with Brenda. Rita is with Eddie and the kids. Albert is there, too. The service nears its end and finally, the vicar closes his prayer book and moves away. The crowd presses up to Connie and people start to pass on their condolences.
107) 0) text: Eddie’s motorcycle pulls up outside Rita’s house. Albert waits by the door. Rita looks concerned and quickly jumps out of the side car, hurrying over to him. For once he doesn’t look entirely in control of his emotions-
107) 1) dialog: There’s no need to panic, Rita. Only I’ve had a call...From Mrs Castle’s office- Eddie is clambering off the bike but turns suddenly as he hears a sharp scream of excitement. He looks down the drive to Rita who is turned to him, an expression of sheer delight on her face-
107) 5) dialog: Lovely...that is... (to Eddie) Innit? That’s-
121) 0) text: Eileen, Monica and the other women wait patiently with their banners. Albert appears and dispenses beers.