25) 4) dialog: Now, I realise this is my first day in the job...And it may be that I’m missing something here- She speaks in a thick Lancashire accent which has poshed up over the years. She looks up and stares at two clean cut men in their twenties, her undersecretaries, who sit opposite. Then she stands and walks from behind her desk. She paces the room.
25) 5) dialog: But what I do know, is that when we were elected two years ago, it was on a wave of optimism, that the Labour Party would utilise it’s close relationship with the Unions to develop manufacturing industry; to make it better serve the employer and the employee The man glance at each other uncertainly.
25) 7) dialog: It was, trust me. Her tone is entirely rhetorical. She stares at the men. Then she looks even more censorious-
25) 8) dialog: So what exactly have you been doing? Since nineteen sixty six?
25) 11) dialog: Two years! This department has had two years to make a difference. Yet- (stops herself) Well... shall we see what’s been achieved in the last twelve months? She goes back to her desk; checks notes-—
25) 12) dialog: 26,000 strikes. In the United Kingdom. With 5 million working days lost as a result. Unions and management barely speaking to each other. Productivity levels through the floor and our balance of payments the wrong side of catastrophic... it’s hardly the stuff to set champagne corks popping, is it? She stops; gathers herself.
25) 14) dialog: However, it is my intention to reverse this trend... I have my own ideas as how that might be achieved. But now I’d like to hear your thoughts... The men glance at each other.
25) 15) dialog: Don’t all shout at once... (looks them up and down) Gentlemen. INT. CONNIE’S HOUSE - DAY 32 The front room of a small terrace; simpler and less plush than Rita’s home. George sits in an armchair by the fire. He looks pale. The newspaper is folded on his lap. He blinks, a pronounced tic. And then Connie hurries in from the kitchen.
50) 1) dialog: Prime Minister...I’m not sure you quite appreciate the urgency of the situation... as of 5pm yesterday there were 405 strikes in progress nationally... Harold Wilson turns. He has a dog on a lead. Mrs Castle looks at it distastefully. Wilson considers Mrs Castle and then walks on. She follows, struggling, as her heels sink into the grass. Two of her undersecretaries follow her. She stops suddenly. Because Wilson has stopped. Because the dog is taking a crap. He looks at it fondly. Mrs Castle winces; would say more. But Wilson is delighted by the distraction.
50) 3) dialog: Prime Minister! He hears her aggrieved tone; looks across, awkwardly.
50) 5) dialog: What? We’ve talked about this a hundred times... Until you introduce new bills, which give me the power to regulate the Unions, I cannot get the country back to work-—
50) 10) dialog: Young man! I was a member of the Trades Union Movement while you were still at your Mother’s breast... so unless you have something to add which goes beyond the blindingly obvious, I'd prefer it if you kept quiet! He slinks off. Mrs Castle totters on, catching up with Wilson. She tries a different tone.
50) 11) dialog: Harold- He looks down. She has put her hand on his wrist.
50) 12) dialog: -You asked me to do this job; you appointed me-
50) 14) dialog: I can’t do it without you, Harold- Wilson finally turns away, graps a stick at throws it for the dog.
50) 15) dialog: I need you to... Wilson stops dead. Then, from a dry throat, Wilson croaks
50) 19) dialog: Beer and pork pie... Might not do for the latest one. Down at Ford. (Wilson frowns) 187 Machinists. All women... Perhaps get a finger buffet in, eh? She turns, starts to walk, sinks, takes of her shoes then strides back across the lawn, thunderous.
53) 4) dialog: I know the feeling. She walks back to her stressful work.
91) 9) dialog: Yes. I gather it’s called Solidarity-
91) 13) dialog: We'll see... The men glance at each other, confused.
91) 14) dialog: You’re assuming the girls will do as they’re told. She smiles and walks out of the room. EXT. CONNIE’S HOUSE - DAY 133 Rita and Connie pass down the lane. They are fired up.
105) 1) dialog: “The bloody unions are back in line”-
105) 6) dialog: Well, well, well- (looks to them) So the strike remains solid. And meanwhile, five thousand men have now been laid off and the country has lost export orders worth 8 million pounds... (checks notes) 8 million.
105) 10) dialog: Good...I‘’1l1 do that then. I’1l appoint a Court of Inquiry, which he can oversee. And let’s hope that does the job. She smiles. The men glance at each other and stand.
105) 11) dialog: Oh, yes. And one other thing...Set up a meeting will you.
105) 13) dialog: With the machinists. Their leaders. The men glance at each other.
105) 15) dialog: I want to meet them. At my St James's Square Offices...At the earliest opportunity.
105) 20) dialog: I’m what’s known as a fiery red head...I hate to make this a matter of appearance...go all womanly on you but...there you have it. And me standing up like this- (gets to her feet) (MORE)
105) 23) dialog: Is in fact, just that red headed fieriness, leaping to the fore... (voice rises furiously) Credence! I will give credence to their cause? My God. Their cause already has credence. It’s equal pay. Equal pay is common justice. And if you weren’t such a bunch of egotistical, chauvinistic, bigoted dunderheads, you’d realise it-
105) 26) dialog: This is an office run by incompetents. And I am sick and tired of being patronised, spoken down to and generally indulged as if I was the May Queen! (one of the men holds up a tremulous finger, as if to make a point-) Set up the meeting! The men scatter.
109) 2) dialog: Prime minister-
109) 4) dialog: It’s not a question of sides. We have to grasp the nettle-
109) 6) dialog: And I will fix it! If you’d just... (can’t help it) Bloody well support me! This shocks them both. But Wilson can see her passion. He nods. Go on.
109) 7) dialog: I can resolve this dispute. I can get the women working again... but I am going to have to tell them that I agree with their cause. He understands instantly-
109) 10) dialog: You know their right. He sighs; his shoulders slump.
109) 12) dialog: Harold, we talked about this in the nineteen fifties, You were adamant-—
112) 1) dialog: There. Perfect...Actually...Maybe it was better where we had it before- (The men exchange glances) Oh...dizzy me. The men stagger back with the sofa and she turns away. Up close we see she is nervous. She looks back-
112) 2) dialog: Just the armchairs, then... (she disappears from view) And I want plenty of sherry.
112) 17) text: 163 Cont.EXT. BARBARA CASTLE’S WESTMINSTER OFFICES - DAY
113) 3) dialog: Mr Tooley - I wasn’t expecting you. They shake hands.
113) 5) dialog: I think it’s time I listened to their argument. If you’d care to wait I'll inform you of any decisions we make. She turns. Tooley watches her; his jaw suddenly tightens-
113) 12) dialog: Ford is a vital part of our economy, I’m well aware of that-
116) 2) dialog: I am...And you’re Mrs O’Grady. I recognise you from the news. She crosses and they shake.
116) 4) dialog: And me, you. Mrs Castle looks to the others.
116) 9) dialog: I’m delighted you could all come They all nod. Mrs Castle’s brain is racing.
116) 10) dialog: Please take a seat. Would you care for a sherry? Mrs Castle, nods to a strategically placed undersecretary.
118) 1) dialog: I’ve been following your dispute very closely. And I want to say how proud I am of the battle you’ve fought. I fully support the struggle for equal pay. The girls look to each other, flushed with hope.
118) 2) dialog: And you will have it...But in time.
118) 4) dialog: Industry is going to object. The Lords’11l kick up a fuss. The press’ll have a field day...It isn’t going to be easy-
118) 6) dialog: Return to work, get back to your machines and then you have my word that I will push forward with your fight-
118) 8) dialog: Mrs O’Grady-
118) 16) dialog: Very well. What would it take...? To get you back.
118) 18) dialog: The something solid...And mark well, I say some thing, not everything.
118) 20) dialog: Seventy five per cent?
118) 22) dialog: You’re putting me in a very difficult position... 167A INT. BARBARA CASTLE’S WESTMINSTER OFFICES ANTE ROOM Mrs Castle closes the door behind her. Her brain races. She turns to an undersecretary in the room.
118) 23) dialog: Get me the Prime Minister.
120) 5) dialog: That risk; you were talking about, Mr Tooley. I’m going to have to take it. (he frowns) All women are entitled to equal pay and I intend to begin the process of enshrining that fact in law. Whatever the cost. (Tooley is ashen) (MORE)
120) 8) dialog: So, the question is...do you want to wait until it is Law before you get your machinists back to work, or do you want to make a gesture now and see production resume immediately? Tooley stares at Mrs Castle. Endgame. Who will back down?
122) 2) dialog: We have a deal.
122) 5) dialog: 
123) 1) dialog: That's Biba... I saw it in a magazine- Rita nods to Mrs Castle’s outfit.
123) 4) dialog: Oh, no, young lady. After you. Mrs Castle indicates that Rita should step forward first. And Rita moves towards the crowd.
124) 1) dialog: Thank you...Thank you very much...I’m delighted to say that following our talks this afternoon, getting down to the nitty gritty, the 187 Ford machinists will be going back to work on the lst of July. They will get an immediate pay rise of 7d an hour which will put them at 92% of the male rate. However, this is not an end to it. As a result of our discussion, I can announce that the government is fully committed to the creation of an Equal Pay Act and by the Autumn of this year, I guarantee appropriate legislation will be put into place to ensure that that act becomes law. She steps back. Cameras flash and reporters call out. Rita breathes deeply, absorbing the scene.