3) 0) text: The tide has become a flood as more and more cyclists freewheel through town and down a hill towards a massive industrial complex with a blue neon sign above it: FORD MOTORS. As they approach the factory, the cyclists diverge, men one way, women the other. Several people stop and kiss at the point of divergence, including Eddie and Rita. Then he pushes off towards the Main Plant, brand new and state of the art while she turns her bike towards a crumbling nineteen twenties monolith the River Plant. We follow Rita, as she cycles between the blackened, paint peeled buildings to a series of bike racks, There, along with Sandra, Eileen, Brenda and Monica, she dismounts and glancing at the hot sun, passes into the factory. MUSIC
6) 6) dialog: Least it didn’t shit on you. They do that sometimes. ‘Fore they die. Connie picks up the bird and marches to the bin with it. Rita looks to the rafters where hundreds of other birds hang dead. She then turns back to Connie, trying not to laugh, as she arrives at her place. But immediately, the hooter sounds again and the power to the machines is switched off. The girls start to make themselves decent-
6) 17) dialog: Albert, for fuck’s sake, get on with it- The women laugh. Several call out.
6) 25) dialog: Fuck ‘em. That’s what I say. Every other bugger round here goes on strike. Why shouldn't we?
8) 0) text: A man grunts and thrusts. He’s having sex, eyes shut, across the back seat of his motor. Beneath him, Brenda stares at a tear along the seam of the front passenger seat. The man opens his eyes and finally stops thrusting. At last Brenda looks at him.
8) 1) dialog: Your trim. That’ll be hangin’ right off in a day or two, that will... (points to tear on seam) And I bet I know the girl what sowed it, n’all. (nods, smugly. He is stunned) Go on, then. Chop chop. Or we’1ll miss the buffet. He hesitates, then goes for it anyway. Brenda, head rocking, looks back to the edge of the seat: typical.
12) 3) dialog: Alley-bloody-lujah-
12) 5) text: Brenda and several other girls step right under the rain, to cool down. Eileen turns to Connie.
12) 8) dialog: What you talkin’ about? You’re standin’ in a bowl of the bloody stuff! Rita smiles, then sees Sandra who is ashen white, hurriedly place a headrest on the “DONE” trolley, just as it’s pushed away. Rita frowns and grabs the item as the trolley is wheeled behind her. She inspects it.
12) 25) dialog: Fuck off!
13) 3) dialog: Well they can get fucked! We’ve had our vote! We ain’t doin’ no overtime!
25) 0) text: The girls are all hard at work when the hooter sounds. Brenda and Eileen start to make themselves decent but then stop when they see who it is: Rita, standing on a bench, looking out over them. Connie is beside her, at ground level. A beat. Rita hesitates, glances to Connie, then looks back again. She shouts:
26) 2) dialog: (flicking vees) You wish!
26) 6) dialog: What you done to your eyes?
26) 12) dialog: Up West, you dozy sod. Not Dagenham- Another whistle of support. Connie leans in to Rita.
29) 7) dialog: Tea’s up! Bananas, apples, pears! The girls rush over to help themselves. Then from the van steps Mr Horovitz, about twenty five and VERY good looking. He also looks, however, exhausted. He removes Brenda’s bike from the back of the van and places it on the side. Brenda waves to him.
29) 8) dialog: Thanks for the ride, Arthur! He nods, embarrassed, clambers in and zooms off. The girls are open mouthed.
29) 12) dialog: Why? He’s gorgeous...And just as I was leavin’ with the fruit, he goes: “I believe all the workers of the world should unite.” And I thought to meself, I can help you with that one straight away, mate. She bites an apple and sits. Suddenly Connie smiles.
29) 20) dialog: Right. Who’s for a game of pontoon?- She produces cards. Just as there is an immense rumble of thunder. Moans from the girls.
29) 29) dialog: Hey and Rita!- (Rita looks round) Well done! (Rita frowns) Was your gob got us here, wannit? Brenda leaves. Beat. Rita smiles.
34) 0) text: Rita places her bike in the rack. She smiles as Brenda dismounts, too. But then, both stare open mouthed as Sandra arrives - in a pair of tiny shorts and a blouse tied just below the bust. Sandra struggles to get her leg over the bike seat.
34) 3) dialog: Bloody hell Sandra, I think you’ve had a bit’ve shrinkage in the wash-
34) 5) dialog: Well you should give ‘em back to her. They look fuckin’ painful-
34) 8) dialog: Come on... She sets off after Sandra but just as suddenly stops and turns back.
34) 9) dialog: Wannit great, though? Yesterday.
34) 11) dialog: Yeah. Chance to be different...Was lovely. (smiles) Felt like it all night.
34) 13) dialog: Met the veg man, got blind drunk, then went back to his place.
34) 15) dialog: Oh, it was different, Rita... (winks ) Just ask him.
37) 1) dialog: Hello Brian...That a cotton bob you got in your pocket?...Or is it an hard on? He reaches into a sack he is carrying and shoves a letter straight at Brenda. She frowns but soon all the girls have them. Rita opens her envelope and reads. She looks furious and then catches Connie’s eye. A second and Rita marches off. As she arrives at the door, Albert appears, in his Ford overalls, coming for her decision. She marches past him, thunder on her face, glancing once at him as she strides on. He grins.
44) 0) text: A rally in front of the Town Hall before about fifty people. Albert is on the platform with various other officials. A banner reads A FAIR DAYS PAY FOR A FAIR DAYS WORK. Rita is there, too. Albert finishes speaking and Rita nervously steps forward. A long pause. And then Rita sees Connie, Brenda and the girls. She begins-
51) 0) text: A city gent, in suit and bowler, stands silently with many other commuters on their regular run into the City. He looks uneasy. And as we pass along his carriage, we see the girls crushed at its far end, chatting excitedly, their protest paraphernalia causing considerable disruption. The city gent looks distastefully away. But then he leaps and his hand goes to his backside. Someone has pinched his arse. Then we see Brenda, close by. She smiles sweetly. EXT. LONDON TUBE -—- DAY 67A The girls emerge from the tube, blinking into the bright sunlight. They are gossiping madly, excited and some, a little overawed.
51) 7) dialog: We gotta get to parliament first, you silly sod-
51) 9) dialog: So?...Which way is it?
54) 5) dialog: Hello. He hands her a leaflet from a pile he is holding. She looks at it. It’s about a political rally. When she looks back up he is gone. The photographers finally finish taking pictures of Sandra, she comes over.
61) 4) dialog: Think of all the great things we would do- Rita sings. And others, too. Sandra realises, then, smiling, continues in full voice with the rest:
67) 12) dialog: It’s me last one. Sorry, love. She shows her the empty packet. The girl smiles, disappointed. She nods, looks ahead, towards Connie. Brenda sighs. She takes her cigarette from her mouth, and tears it in two.
69) 10) dialog: Hello boys. Nothin’ too physical. Til we're on first name terms. I’m Brenda- The girls all laugh. A young PC, about twenty, speaks:
69) 33) dialog: Yeah, sod off! We ain’t doin’ nothin’ wrong- The women link arms. Connie is on the end of the line.
71) 0) text: Brenda, Rita and Eileen are all piled into the station and Rita speaks to the uniformed desk clerk. She is incredulous.
71) 18) dialog: Christ...I thought Boris Karloff was scary. Rita nods, gathering herself and her tumbling emotions.
81) 47) dialog: No! Thanks not necessary-— She deposits the cauliflower besides Monica
81) 48) dialog: -the pleasure was all mine. Eileen smiles. Then-
81) 50) dialog: Ta da!
81) 56) dialog: Help yourself.
81) 58) dialog: Go on. Eileen excitedly starts cutting it up. Brenda moves to Sandra.
81) 59) dialog: Cauliflower or cabbage?
81) 61) dialog: Go on. Take something.
81) 70) dialog: This one’s Connie’s. Where is she? I ain’t seen her around- Eileen and Monica have brought out slices of Pineapple.
88) 0) text: The photographer, now back, glances across to Brenda and Eileen, nervously. And then Tooley suddenly appears. He looks worried. He sees the two women also, and fears the worst. But then, the far door opens and Sandra walks in. She looks scared but determined as she crosses the shop floor-
92) 0) text: The machinists are all gathered for George’s funeral. A couple of RAF greatcoats can be seen. Possibly ex crew...they’re George’s age. Connie stands with Brenda. Rita is with Eddie and the kids. Albert is there, too. The service nears its end and finally, the vicar closes his prayer book and moves away. The crowd presses up to Connie and people start to pass on their condolences.
92) 5) dialog: Hey, Connie that’s enough! Connie finally looks at Rita.
95) 0) text: The coach is full. Rita’s seat is at the front as usual. The seat next to her, Connie’s, is empty. Rita catches Brenda’s eye and then she sits, alone. INT. RITA’S HOUSE - LATE AFTERNOON 141 Eddie sits at the kitchen table, thinking. He looks shocked. He blinks, noticing the unpacked camping gear leant against a couple of protest placards. He exhales slowly. But then, Graham enters the room. He sits next to his father. Eddie looks at him. Graham smiles. It’s fine. A long moment and Eddie straightens.
99) 2) dialog: Monty Taylor! You two faced, hypocritical, toe rag!
99) 6) dialog: No, you hang on- More rowdiness and shouts of Judas. The whole hall hums. Several delegates stand to see what’s happening. Monty has moved to the front of the stage and calls out for the girls to sit down and that he’1ll explain, while they cal back at him. Finally Monty returns and shouts into the microphone.
100) 0) text: More shouts. Monty looks trapped. Then the sound of slow stamping and clapping. Louder and louder. Then Brenda, Eileen and the others step aside. Rita is there. She walks towards the platform. And Monty looks sunk.
103) 3) dialog: (to another woman) I’m tellin’ you! You can see ‘em! Scorch marks right up the curtains where Monty’s arse caught fire- The woman laughs. Rita smiles. Her chest still heaves. Eileen grabs her wrist.
103) 7) dialog: Hey! Come on...You’re allowed to unwind a bit, you know
115) 0) text: Brenda and Sandra look out of a window, pointing out the sights. But they’re nervous. As is Connie who glances to the door. But Rita, who is beside her, sitting on a sofa, can concentrate only on her friend. Finally-
116) 11) dialog: You ain’t got whiskey, have you? The girls look to Brenda thunderously.
120) 2) dialog: Naah. (looks to Sandra) They have got rid of hangin’ ain't they? Connie simply squeezes Rita’s hand. INT. BARBARA CASTLE’S WESTMINSTER OFFICES, ANTE ROOM - 16
122) 0) text: The women stare at empty glasses. Brenda takes a pull on her whiskey.
122) 1) dialog: I’m gonna miss all this. The girls smile but they’re so nervous. And then the door opens. All heads turn and Mrs Castle walks slowly into the room.