5) 0) text: Silence. The street is utterly deserted. And we see how bare, how basic, how unlike the Swinging Sixties, is Dagenham. And then, we see a lone figure, CONNIE, late forties, cycling towards the plant as fast as she can.
6) 0) text: Rita curses. One of her nails is chipped. She wipes sweat away again and resumes her work at a ferocious speed, finishing another headrest. As she reaches for the next frame, Connie enters, flustered-
6) 1) dialog: Sorry I’m late-
6) 3) dialog: Yeah. Just overslept. Connie takes water on the her machine, above with a off her shoes, places a washing up bowl of floor and stands in it. Then she turns to hassled. But, suddenly, something drops from thud. Connie jumps, startled. It is a dead bird, entangled in cotton threads. Already there’s laughter from those who saw the near miss. Connie tenses; staring at the animal on her work bench with a steely expression. She’s not in the mood. Instantly, more laughter.
6) 9) dialog: Come on! Hurry up- The noise levels have risen considerably.
6) 10) dialog: Get down the front- She claps her hands and shouts to the back rows-
6) 11) dialog: Girls- (turns; shouts) In you come, Albert- He enters and walks to the front. Connie moves across and stands by Albert’s side, facing the girls. He leans into her.
7) 0) text: The sports and social club has been decorated with streamers and balloons. Young Girl by Gary Puckett plays on a large portable record player, perched on the stage at one end of the room. However, the dark suits and knee length skirts of the packed dance floor bring to mind the nineteen fifties, not the sixties. The joint is jumping, nevertheless. And standing at a corner table, Rita throws down a large gin before rushing back to Eddie, caught in the thick of the dancing. Close to him is Connie, with GEORGE, her husband, a couple of years younger, angular and handsome, moving stiffly. Also nearby are Eileen and Dave. Eddie spins Rita rather too vigorously and she nearly goes over, laughing, as he grabs her again. Then, suddenly, the music stops and everyone is plunged into near darkness. Moans and complaints from the floor as a Dave runs towards the record player.
7) 3) dialog: He puts the wrong fuse in. I keep tellin’ him- Then suddenly a piano sounds out. Heads spin towards the back of the room where the older folk are gathered.
9) 3) dialog: Go on! Let your hair down.
9) 5) text: He relents. Connie pushes her own across.
9) 6) dialog: Same again for me, ta! Rita smiles, just as a figure lurches into her.
9) 10) dialog: What about some food...? (to Eileen) She won’t eat nothin’... (to Sandra) There’s Scotch eggs-
12) 0) text: The thunder of the factory. The women work in silence. Sweat drips from Rita’s face and she wipes her brow with her sleeve. She’s moving with her usual speed, but with something else, too; aggression, as she yanks hard at the cotton threads she must cut off from around the headrests. Then there is a moan. She turns. Connie has stopped work and glugs from a bottle of Lucozade.
12) 1) dialog: Never again, I swear. Beside Connie, Eileen re-applies a cold flannel to the back of her neck and Brenda downs a pint of milk. But suddenly, spots of water are dripping through the roof.
12) 2) dialog: Oh- She looks up and grabs an umbrella which she wedges above her station.
12) 5) text: Brenda and several other girls step right under the rain, to cool down. Eileen turns to Connie.
12) 7) dialog: I don’t care...It’s dangerous. Water and electrics...Innit?
12) 12) dialog: I’‘ll have a word.
12) 14) dialog: Albert. Then, her eyes indicate the slip she is wearing. And all of the other half dressed girls, too.
12) 19) dialog: You were sayin’?
12) 21) dialog: You’re jokin’-
13) 1) dialog: What you doin’ with them?
13) 7) dialog: Rita-
20) 0) text: We see Connie, Rita, Albert and Monty enter the Berni Inn.
21) 0) text: Red velour and a deep blue carpet. And in a far corner of the restaurant, Rita and Connie, facing Albert and Monty around a table. The two men wear dark suits, Rita and Connie smart dresses; both have their hair set. Monty reaches across and pours more Blue Nun into a wine glass beside his empty pint pot. Then he carries on talking to Albert in hushed tones. Rita finishes a slice of Black Forest gateaux and moans with delight.
21) 1) dialog: It's alright, innit?
21) 3) dialog: (whispering) It's Monty, insists we come here, you know...Long as the union’s payin’... Rita smiles. Just as Monty leans across.
23) 2) text: PETER HOPKINS Ford’s Head of Industrial Relations, late thirties, sits beside two other men,GRANT and JONES both middle aged, facing Monty, Albert, Rita and Connie. Rita glances at the clock. Four fifteen. A black suited PENTHOUSE STEWARDESS serves tea and coffee, no one says thank you except Rita. Finally-
24) 0) text: Rita drags on a cigarette by Albert's car, an old Ford Corsair. She looks worried. Connie is with her. She looks nervous too. The reason is about twenty yards away, by a phone box: Albert being railed at by Monty. After a moment Monty storms into the box and dials. Albert walks back.
24) 11) dialog: And what about the factory? The girls. What you gonna say to them?
24) 13) dialog: You can speak to ‘em. It’s your bloody fault. She crosses to the car, too. And we see she is hiding a smile, too. She clambers into the car. On Rita. Worried.
25) 0) text: The girls are all hard at work when the hooter sounds. Brenda and Eileen start to make themselves decent but then stop when they see who it is: Rita, standing on a bench, looking out over them. Connie is beside her, at ground level. A beat. Rita hesitates, glances to Connie, then looks back again. She shouts:
25) 16) dialog: Here you go- She carries a fizzy glass of something. She holds it out to him.
25) 17) dialog: Down in one- He takes it. But then he doesn’t drink it. He places it on a small table beside him and sits back, picking up the paper as if she isn’t there.
25) 18) dialog: You gotta drink it, George... He looks at her. Surprised. Zones in again.
25) 22) dialog: It’s the latest stuff, that. It's...He...reckons you'll really notice a difference. They stare at each other. He manages a smile. Then-
25) 24) dialog: It’s important. (grabs her jacket) You know where I’1l be... (turns) Just don’t you be late. She smiles, determined. He nods, unconvincingly. Then she’s off. George watches the closed door.
26) 13) dialog: I can’t believe we done this...
29) 13) dialog: Yeah, well, much as I'd like to hang around, discussin’ solidarity for another eight hours...Me date’s here- George crosses the road. He looks immaculate, wearing a suit, his hair neatly Brycleemed. A couple of whistles as he stops. He smiles. But he still looks slightly hollow eyed.
29) 15) dialog: (thrilled) You made it.
29) 19) dialog: I didn’t wanna make a fuss... (brightening) So, say “up yours” to the management from me, will you?! We’re off. She leaves to shouts of ‘bye’ and ‘enjoy yourselves’.
36) 0) text: Rita walks onto the floor. She stares at Connie’s space: still unoccupied. She begins to thread up her machine. Then she grabs some cuttings. And finally Connie rushes in-
36) 1) dialog: I’m here! Just...Christ- She grabs her bowl and places it on the floor. Then she pulls her overalls down and she stops - as she sees Rita staring at her.
36) 3) dialog: (shaking head) Rita-
36) 5) dialog: Rita...Look at me. All at six’s and seven’s...Again- (quietly) I got enough on me plate at the moment, without takin’ on the whole of British Industry... (nods ) You can do it. And you should. Rita stares at Connie; makes to speak. But the hooter sounds and the machines start up. The women smile and get down to work.
44) 0) text: A rally in front of the Town Hall before about fifty people. Albert is on the platform with various other officials. A banner reads A FAIR DAYS PAY FOR A FAIR DAYS WORK. Rita is there, too. Albert finishes speaking and Rita nervously steps forward. A long pause. And then Rita sees Connie, Brenda and the girls. She begins-
45) 0) text: Rita addresses a crowd of onlookers. Thirty or so girls are gathered around her, including Connie and Sandra who hold up a banner proclaiming: SUPPORT THE FORD MACHINISTS. Passing are a group of West Ham fans on the way to a match with scarves and rattles. Several stop and listen. Rita sounds much smoother.
51) 6) dialog: We ain’t there yet!
53) 2) dialog: It’s unbelievable... I never thought we’d get this backing- More pips and Rita frowns. She looks up, at the banner she holds. A moment.
54) 0) text: Outside we see Connie help Rita frantically untwist the banner. WE WANT SEX EQUALITY is revealed. Rita, flustered, gestures for the girls to re-group. Most are giggling. Reporters and photographers are approaching.
54) 3) dialog: Go on, Rita! Tell ‘em how it is!- But Rita is already stepping forward to meet the advance as Sandra poses, off to one side. The others stand and watch as Rita is engulfed by reporters. A man approaches Brenda. He is scruffy, bearded. He looks at her.
61) 0) text: The girls drive back from Halewood. Rita, sitting at the front, with Connie beside her, glances out over burnished countryside, a low red sun throbbing in the sky. Across the aisle, also at the front, Sandra has a transistor radio on her lap, a single ear piece in. She starts to sing, quietly as she looks out of the window-
61) 4) dialog: Think of all the great things we would do- Rita sings. And others, too. Sandra realises, then, smiling, continues in full voice with the rest:
67) 0) text: The girls are queuing up for strike pay which Connie hands out from a table near the stage. There is much banter between the girls.
67) 2) text: Rita passes Connie a sheet with names on it and removes one covered with signatures.
67) 3) dialog: Thanks Rita- A young woman steps forward-
67) 5) dialog: There you go- She passes her the list. She signs and then Rita hands her three notes. Monica stares at the money.
67) 10) dialog: It’s all the Union can afford, Monica... She nods. She knows that. And she goes, slipping the money in her purse. Eileen steps forward-
69) 5) dialog: Yeah...Fine. Connie looks up the road. But she is aware of Rita staring at her; not convinced. Connie sighs, then steps back to rummage in her bag: a diversion. Rita moves over. Connie lowers her voice.
69) 6) dialog: -Was a load've press outside the Labour Exchange. They cornered George... (Rita is confused) “Had he fought for a country where the women’d turn out to be more militant than the men?”-—
69) 8) dialog: Yeah. But then, a bell sounds briefly. Rita looks across. A dark blue police van pulls up.
69) 18) dialog: (annoyed) Yes, we can. It’s our right!
69) 21) dialog: We can’t turn the lorries round from there-
69) 23) dialog: I’m shop steward- Rita turns, wrong footed-
69) 25) dialog: Get your hands off me-
69) 30) dialog: No. It ain’t alright!
69) 32) dialog: No! Rita is worried, the situation starting to boil-
69) 35) dialog: Get off me! You ignorant bugger-
69) 38) dialog: Get off! Come here- Connie kicks her heel hard into his shin. He cries out, letting go. But the other coppers grab her as the girls shove back against them. A huge melee ensues. The press take photos and Sandra tries to smile, even as she’s shoved one way and the other. In a moment, though, Connie, screaming, is extracted, shoved in the van and the coppers are away. Silence immediately falls and Rita looks to Brenda, shocked.
71) 20) dialog: Can we go now...I wanna go home. Connie is there; standing by an inner door which closes behind her. She is visibly upset. The girls flock to her. A half beat and Rita, a little awkward, goes, too.
71) 22) text: 93A EXT. CONNIE’S HOUSE 93A Connie enters her house.
71) 25) dialog: I’m back, George- But there is no-one there, his chair empty.
71) 26) dialog: George? She passes into the kitchen. Nothing. And now she’s looking slightly anxious. She calls generally, to the house...
71) 27) dialog: I’m home, love- And she hurries from the kitchen to the stairs. We see her run up them.
71) 28) dialog: George! Then we hear her upstairs. Front bedroom, back bedroom and running back down the stairs. She looks scared.
73) 0) text: We hear shouts from the girls. They are calling George's name as they search the estate. Rita and Connie appear at the foot of a twitchell.
73) 1) dialog: Christ-
73) 3) dialog: I said. I said I’d be back at two-
73) 5) dialog: (shouts ) George!
75) 0) text: Connie, Rita, Eileen, Monica all crying out for George. And in them all we hear the gathering concern, the insistence.
75) 1) dialog: Oh, God! Where is he- She seems about to set off in another direction when she stops. Her breath catches. There he is. Walking with Graham. Graham still holding his hand. Graham bringing him home. Connie’s eyes fill and she runs towards her husband. Rita exhales, feeling the gathering pressure.
81) 22) dialog: George-
81) 24) dialog: George, George, stop it-
81) 26) dialog: It's alright. I’m here....It’s okay. She stares. He says nothing, whimpers. He looks at the bed. Then he curses, feeling something-
81) 28) dialog: It don’t matter. I'll change it...Here- She drags him onto her side, towards the foot of the bed. He watches her. Then his face twists.
81) 32) dialog: (wrong footed) What?
81) 34) dialog: (upset) No! You-
81) 36) dialog: (angry) Don’t say that!-
81) 38) dialog: George! A second and he launches himself at her-
81) 40) dialog: Stop it! George! Stop it! You’re gonna hurt me! And then we see him bite her, on the shoulder, like he is stuffing a rag in his own mouth. She cries out, in pain. But she grits her teeth, baring it. And finally, his wailing reaches a pitch and he slumps against her, spent and sobbing. Connie looks bereft, her own eyes filling immediately. She pulls him to her, holding his head against her chest. His convulsing body shakes the whole bed.
81) 89) dialog: No... (Rita frowns) I... I don’t think so.
81) 92) dialog: I’m not sure I can come with you.
81) 94) dialog: I...wanna step back a bit, Rita-
81) 97) dialog: I need to...I feel like I- Rita is panicky.
81) 99) dialog: I’m not stoppin’! I’m still on strike. I still support you. I just- (Rita makes to speak) I can’t be on the front line so much!...That’s all.
81) 101) dialog: You’re in charge, Rita! You wanted to be in charge! Of this dispute. Rita looks upset by that one and it forces Connie to turn away. She sighs and tries another tack.
81) 102) dialog: I got arrested. They put us in a cell. It’s too much for me! Again they make eye contact. And this time Rita knows Connie’s making excuses. Connie sees this and exhales; unable to keep up the pretence any longer. She scoffs, sadly.
81) 105) dialog: What do you want me to say, Rita? George is ill. You know that! He’s touched. And the strike’s whippin’ everything up...I gotta put him first- (Rita makes to speak) You don’t understand! (frowns ) I’m not his wife no more. I’m more like his...sister or- (stares at Rita) (MORE)
81) 108) dialog: But I’m his. And that’s all he’s got left. Rita stares at her friend, her heart breaking.
89) 0) text: The factory is deserted; shut down still and creaking with inactivity. INT. CONNIE’S HOUSE - DAY 129 George sits in the kitchen. He has the paper before him but doesn’t read it. Then Connie enters. She is dressed up and grabs a hand bag.
89) 2) dialog: You know I am. I said. It’s an emergency meetin’...Rita asked me to go, ‘special- (He stares. Nods) You gotta fight for what you believe in, George. You know that. More than anyone.
89) 6) dialog: I know you would...Cause you’re an hero. He stares. There is utter conviction on her face.
89) 9) text: Rita smiles at George. Connie looks from Rita, back to her husband. He smiles.
91) 0) text: Rita’s jaw is fixed. She glances at Connie.
91) 16) dialog: That Monty’s a sly one, though, inni? (mocking) “Will the Weymouth vote be bindin’ Comrade?”
91) 18) dialog: Sod him...You’re right. We can deal with him!
92) 0) text: The machinists are all gathered for George’s funeral. A couple of RAF greatcoats can be seen. Possibly ex crew...they’re George’s age. Connie stands with Brenda. Rita is with Eddie and the kids. Albert is there, too. The service nears its end and finally, the vicar closes his prayer book and moves away. The crowd presses up to Connie and people start to pass on their condolences.
92) 2) dialog: No, you’re not.
92) 4) dialog: You thought he was a millstone. You thought he was keepin’ me back- One or two heads turn.
92) 6) dialog: I should have been there. Brenda leads Connie away. She has started to cry. Rita watches, her expression frozen. Eddie takes her hand supportively. EXT. RITA’S HOUSE - EVENING 136 Rita is alone now. We sense she’s not been home all afternoon. She walks slowly onto her street, exhausted.
95) 0) text: The coach is full. Rita’s seat is at the front as usual. The seat next to her, Connie’s, is empty. Rita catches Brenda’s eye and then she sits, alone. INT. RITA’S HOUSE - LATE AFTERNOON 141 Eddie sits at the kitchen table, thinking. He looks shocked. He blinks, noticing the unpacked camping gear leant against a couple of protest placards. He exhales slowly. But then, Graham enters the room. He sits next to his father. Eddie looks at him. Graham smiles. It’s fine. A long moment and Eddie straightens.
112) 10) dialog: Make some room, for God’s sake- Rita stops. Looks across. Connie is coming towards her, shoving reporters aside.
112) 15) dialog: I’m sorry I’m late. The two women stare, Rita’s eyes fill. They embrace.
115) 0) text: Brenda and Sandra look out of a window, pointing out the sights. But they’re nervous. As is Connie who glances to the door. But Rita, who is beside her, sitting on a sofa, can concentrate only on her friend. Finally-
115) 6) dialog: No! Don’t. It’s me that needs to apologise- (Rita frowns) I loved George. More than anything. But he’s gone now. And it’s the right thing. I thought that straightaway. And I felt guilty...and I took it out on you but... (nods head) He ain’t sufferin’ and...he is better out of it. I know that...Deep down. And you gotta trust them feelin’s. Ain’t you? Gotta follow your gut...You taught us that. Rita is amazed but before she can react, the door is opened and an undersecretary is there.
122) 3) dialog: 