0) 0) text: RITA O’GRADY and her husband EDDIE, both late twenties, step onto the balcony of a flat on a massive housing estate in East London. With them are their two children, GRAHAM and SHARON. They kiss the kids goodbye as another man, also in blue overalls, emerges from the flats, clambers onto a bike and sets off down the car-less streets. Rita and Eddie grab their own bikes, and ride off into an ever broadening stream of people.
2) 0) text: Sandra filters in with the great tide of cyclists pouring from the Estate beneath the baking sun. We see them from high above. Sandra spots Eddie and Rita, calls out and speeds up to join them.
3) 0) text: The tide has become a flood as more and more cyclists freewheel through town and down a hill towards a massive industrial complex with a blue neon sign above it: FORD MOTORS. As they approach the factory, the cyclists diverge, men one way, women the other. Several people stop and kiss at the point of divergence, including Eddie and Rita. Then he pushes off towards the Main Plant, brand new and state of the art while she turns her bike towards a crumbling nineteen twenties monolith the River Plant. We follow Rita, as she cycles between the blackened, paint peeled buildings to a series of bike racks, There, along with Sandra, Eileen, Brenda and Monica, she dismounts and glancing at the hot sun, passes into the factory. MUSIC
7) 0) text: The sports and social club has been decorated with streamers and balloons. Young Girl by Gary Puckett plays on a large portable record player, perched on the stage at one end of the room. However, the dark suits and knee length skirts of the packed dance floor bring to mind the nineteen fifties, not the sixties. The joint is jumping, nevertheless. And standing at a corner table, Rita throws down a large gin before rushing back to Eddie, caught in the thick of the dancing. Close to him is Connie, with GEORGE, her husband, a couple of years younger, angular and handsome, moving stiffly. Also nearby are Eileen and Dave. Eddie spins Rita rather too vigorously and she nearly goes over, laughing, as he grabs her again. Then, suddenly, the music stops and everyone is plunged into near darkness. Moans and complaints from the floor as a Dave runs towards the record player.
7) 8) dialog: Here, where’s Brenda gone? Rita looks uneasy. She shrugs. Eddie nods and whisks her off again.
9) 8) dialog: You sure you don’t wanna sit down five minutes, Sandra?
10) 0) text: Sandra sways. Then Dave and Eileen take her by either arm and set off, to escort her home. Finally, Rita and Eddie are left alone in the still night air. Rita takes a deep, contented breath. Then she kisses Eddie on the mouth.
10) 1) dialog: What was that for?
10) 3) dialog: Come here-
10) 5) dialog: Ri-ta! She turns and looks back at him.
10) 7) dialog: Oh, you’re better than that, are you!
10) 22) dialog: Clear off. I’m dyin’.
19) 1) dialog: Yeah, well, we’ll have colour soon. Once you can rent ‘em- Rita looks to Eddie who takes up his knife and fork.
19) 3) dialog: (realising; laughing) That! You had a vote, Rita. Unrest’s when you actually come out and strike! Rita’s face falls and Eddie looks immediately guilty.
19) 4) dialog: Hey, come on! Don’t look like that. I’m only jokin’...I’m proud of you. We all are...Stickin’ to your guns...We had a book goin’ on the shop floor: no one thought you’d even take the vote. So- (nods positively) Well done! Sharon smiles at her mother, too. Rita looks from her, back to Eddie. She isn’t sure quite how to take the comment and finally she shrugs.
33) 5) dialog: Ta, love... (frowns ) What time is it?
33) 7) dialog: We got another half an hour-
33) 9) dialog: Well, now you are...Shame to waste an opportunity-— He nibbles her hip. She giggles.
33) 11) dialog: What?...What’s up?
33) 13) dialog: Get what straight? She looks at him for a long moment.
33) 17) dialog: What dispute? It’s happened...it was yesterday.
33) 19) dialog: No, I know but...you’ve made your gesture. That’s all I mean-
33) 21) dialog: Fine...It’s not worth rowin’ over, is it? He smiles. Then kisses her shoulder several times.
33) 22) dialog: You got my support, Rita. You know that. Whatever you wanna do.
33) 24) dialog: (still kissing) Hmmm? —
33) 26) dialog: What’s that mean? She stares at his honest, open face. She grins.
56) 0) text: Dave and Eddie turn from the TV, pints in hand.
56) 1) dialog: Yeah. She’s doin’ alright.
56) 3) dialog: I gotta get goin’-
56) 5) dialog: I know...I gotta fetch the kids... (Dave frowns) Rita reckons they won’t be back ‘til gone six, so...I need to get ‘em sorted. He smiles ruefully at Dave and downs his pint.
56) 10) dialog: (laughing) I don’t think they're deliberately draggin’ it out, George-
56) 12) dialog: I know that...And they’1l settle it; soon as they can. George says nothing more. Eddie nods and goes.
59) 0) text: The kids sit at the dining room table. Smoke spills from the kitchen. They glance at each other. Look slightly worried. INT. RITA’S HOUSE, KITCHEN - EARLY EVENING 77 The kitchen is a mess as Eddie, sweat dripping from his nose, tries to fry a piece of liver. A huge flame leaps up from under the pan as spitting oil hits the gas. Eddie leaps back, cursing, then goes back to the food, his jaw tight.
60) 0) text: Eddie drops newspaper wrapped fish and chips onto Sharon's plate. Sharon glances at Graham. She is struggling not to snigger as she undoes the package and takes a chip. Graham laughs out loud as he receives his bundle of food. Eddie looks thoroughly pissed off.
64) 9) dialog: Go alright, then?
64) 11) dialog: Well done. He moves into the kitchen and starts to collect the plates. She follows.
64) 14) dialog: Yeah. I managed alright. Thanks.
66) 11) dialog: Course. She turns. Immediately he moves towards the kitchen.
66) 13) dialog: Yeah. Why wouldn’t it be? She smiles, relieved and moves to the door. He watches her, then fingers the collar of his shirt.
66) 14) dialog: This is me last one.
66) 16) dialog: Shirt. I just noticed.
81) 10) dialog: Yeah...Been busy, have you? She is instantly energized, moving to the bed and sitting close, her gaze intense.
81) 13) dialog: Oh, don’t you worry about us, Rita...We was sayin’ on the way out, it’s nice warm weather at the moment; if they cut the gas off, we'll hardly notice. He glances back and smiles. Then, it’s face in the book again. Rita frowns. Is he joking? She stands and moves across the room and starts to undress. She turns to him, however; can’t let it go.
81) 15) dialog: Yeah. Then he’s back to the book. She stiffens even more.
81) 19) dialog: I’m fine...I’d say. Beat. She crosses to take off her make up.
84) 0) text: Rita, shaken walks down the road, turns a corner and stops: from her house, two men are wheeling her fridge onto the back of a lorry. Eddie walks onto the doorstep, watching the scene. Rita hurries over and turns to him.
84) 1) dialog: We ain’t paid the HP... Last of my cash went on the electric bill. How you set? Her jaw tightens. INT. RITA’S HOUSE - AFTERNOON 120 Rita runs angrily into the kitchen. She goes straight for the shoe polish box, pulls out the puncture repair kit and opens it. It is bare. She looks furious-
84) 3) text: 121 EXT. RITA’S HOUSE - AFTERNOON 121 Rita strides over to Eddie-
84) 5) dialog: Eh?
84) 7) dialog: I had to pay the milk man.
84) 9) dialog: What d’you mean-
84) 11) dialog: He wanted payin’ !-
84) 13) dialog: Well, you ain’t much good at it are you! Or we might have some left! (she blinks, shocked; he scoffs) Welcome to the real world, Rita. This is bein’ on strike: you run out of cash and you end up screamin’ at each other. She stares at him, ashen.
92) 0) text: The machinists are all gathered for George’s funeral. A couple of RAF greatcoats can be seen. Possibly ex crew...they’re George’s age. Connie stands with Brenda. Rita is with Eddie and the kids. Albert is there, too. The service nears its end and finally, the vicar closes his prayer book and moves away. The crowd presses up to Connie and people start to pass on their condolences.
93) 0) text: Eddie’s motorcycle is loaded with camping kit. He pushes himself back from under the side car and stares at Rita incredulously.
93) 1) dialog: You’re goin’? To Weymouth? Then he looks back to his wife. She says nothing.
93) 2) dialog: It’s...the holiday, it’s...campin’. We go campin’-
93) 4) dialog: Why can’t you-
93) 6) dialog: Rita! He runs after her.
93) 7) dialog: Rita!l- He catches her up. She turns.
93) 11) dialog: We gotta sort this out. Now! (she makes to speak) No...We have and...I know it ain’t been good...between us lately- (again she tries to speak) Which...I ain’t about to make worse, I promise, only...We gotta stop the rot or-
93) 13) dialog: Listen to me! His impassioned expression slows her. He focuses.
93) 14) dialog: Look. If I ain’t...appreciated what you done, properly...how you’ve come on and...what you’ve achieved, all that...then I’m sorry- She doesn’t want this; looks down the road.
93) 16) dialog: Rita! I am sorry...But you ain’t been perfect in all this either, you know...I mean, just cause you believe ina particular thing with all your heart, that don’t mean it actually is the most crucial thing in the whole world...
93) 18) dialog: Yes! It is! Cause it needs sayin’! I know you reckon I’m not bothered about the important things and I just...drift along and I’m more interested in fiddlin’ with motorbikes and makin’ tents out of head rest covers but...I do me best. You know? (scoffs) Christ, I’m not out on the beer every night or...screwin’ other women, or- (a thought) I’ve never once raised me hand to you! (MORE)
93) 21) dialog: Ever. Or the kids. And- (He stops. She is smiling) What? Why you lookin’ like that?-
95) 0) text: The coach is full. Rita’s seat is at the front as usual. The seat next to her, Connie’s, is empty. Rita catches Brenda’s eye and then she sits, alone. INT. RITA’S HOUSE - LATE AFTERNOON 141 Eddie sits at the kitchen table, thinking. He looks shocked. He blinks, noticing the unpacked camping gear leant against a couple of protest placards. He exhales slowly. But then, Graham enters the room. He sits next to his father. Eddie looks at him. Graham smiles. It’s fine. A long moment and Eddie straightens.
98) 0) text: Eddie jumps off his bike and looks wildly round: Shit! The seafront is a mass of hotels.
101) 0) text: Eddie looks for a sign and runs towards the doors which lead into the hall.
102) 0) text: Eddie bursts into the hall and stops right at the back. Rita is at the lectern, a light on her. All around is still. She makes to speak then stops, gathering herself; all of the emotion of the last few days sweeping over her. She stares at the people in the hall, their faces turned to her. Waiting...
103) 0) text: Delegates pour out, talking excitedly about what they have just witnessed. We briefly see Eddie again, swallowed up by the crowd, being pushed backwards. And then we see our girls, emerging thrilled and elated. We hear odd snatches of conversation above a huge wall of chatter-
104) 0) text: Rita runs after the retreating Eddie. She calls out to him.
104) 4) dialog: I...come to say sorry. I mean...I thought...about what you said and- (shrugs ) You’re right, I suppose...You are right. (nods ) And it is amazin’ what you done...Rita O'Grady. And I wanna back you...I was gonna tell you that. Only then I come in when you was speakin’ and I heard you and...you was...huge...you was...like a force- He can’t express it. Then he looks at her fondly and smiles.
104) 5) dialog: And then I thought... (shrugs ) Not sure me backin’ you makes that much difference to be quiet honest. Where you are now... (serious; positive) Anyway. You get back to your meeting or whatever you gotta do. I should... He nods, vaguely over his shoulder and sets off, walking-
107) 0) text: Eddie’s motorcycle pulls up outside Rita’s house. Albert waits by the door. Rita looks concerned and quickly jumps out of the side car, hurrying over to him. For once he doesn’t look entirely in control of his emotions-
107) 6) dialog: Yeah. They both nod. Her face falls