3) 0) text: The tide has become a flood as more and more cyclists freewheel through town and down a hill towards a massive industrial complex with a blue neon sign above it: FORD MOTORS. As they approach the factory, the cyclists diverge, men one way, women the other. Several people stop and kiss at the point of divergence, including Eddie and Rita. Then he pushes off towards the Main Plant, brand new and state of the art while she turns her bike towards a crumbling nineteen twenties monolith the River Plant. We follow Rita, as she cycles between the blackened, paint peeled buildings to a series of bike racks, There, along with Sandra, Eileen, Brenda and Monica, she dismounts and glancing at the hot sun, passes into the factory. MUSIC
4) 0) text: On the shop floor, a cramped, filthy, windowless place, chatter and laughter rings out. The girls, nearly 200 of them, roll down their overalls and tie the arms off in front of them, revealing bras or camisoles. And as Rita enters and moves to her bench, we drop to floor level and see that nearly all of the women have now removed their shoes. As Rita, threading up her sewing machine, wipes a bead of sweat away from her face, we understand why: the place is an oven! Rita grabs a box of vinyl pieces as Eileen walks past, revealing a ferocious wired bra.
6) 23) dialog: We done it! Rita looks nervous, too.
7) 0) text: The sports and social club has been decorated with streamers and balloons. Young Girl by Gary Puckett plays on a large portable record player, perched on the stage at one end of the room. However, the dark suits and knee length skirts of the packed dance floor bring to mind the nineteen fifties, not the sixties. The joint is jumping, nevertheless. And standing at a corner table, Rita throws down a large gin before rushing back to Eddie, caught in the thick of the dancing. Close to him is Connie, with GEORGE, her husband, a couple of years younger, angular and handsome, moving stiffly. Also nearby are Eileen and Dave. Eddie spins Rita rather too vigorously and she nearly goes over, laughing, as he grabs her again. Then, suddenly, the music stops and everyone is plunged into near darkness. Moans and complaints from the floor as a Dave runs towards the record player.
7) 2) dialog: (to Dave) This happens every time- More shouts of derision.
10) 0) text: Sandra sways. Then Dave and Eileen take her by either arm and set off, to escort her home. Finally, Rita and Eddie are left alone in the still night air. Rita takes a deep, contented breath. Then she kisses Eddie on the mouth.
12) 5) text: Brenda and several other girls step right under the rain, to cool down. Eileen turns to Connie.
12) 6) dialog: You’1l go mad, takin’ that up and down...It’s showers all day!
25) 0) text: The girls are all hard at work when the hooter sounds. Brenda and Eileen start to make themselves decent but then stop when they see who it is: Rita, standing on a bench, looking out over them. Connie is beside her, at ground level. A beat. Rita hesitates, glances to Connie, then looks back again. She shouts:
26) 10) dialog: This is a demonstration, you know, Sandra-
29) 9) dialog: Brenda!...You never-
29) 21) dialog: I knew it was too good to last-
51) 2) dialog: Anyone fancy a Wimpy?...I’m starvin’- Rita turns, distracted-
55) 11) dialog: He has to!
67) 8) dialog: Hey, Mon; you’re short of anything, you just gotta ask- Eileen is next in line. Monica smiles, grateful. But then she shakes her head.
67) 11) dialog: Eileen Scott. She bends over to sign. Brenda waits two or three girls behind her and lights a cigarette. She sucks greedily on the fag, then notices a woman waiting behind her, about thirty, looking longingly at the fag-
71) 0) text: Brenda, Rita and Eileen are all piled into the station and Rita speaks to the uniformed desk clerk. She is incredulous.
75) 0) text: Connie, Rita, Eileen, Monica all crying out for George. And in them all we hear the gathering concern, the insistence.
81) 46) dialog: Thanks love-
81) 49) dialog: Here, I don’t suppose you could get any fruit could you? I’ve had nothin’ but cabbage soup all week- Brenda smiles and opens a cupboard. Inside is nothing but a large pineapple.
81) 54) dialog: Jesus. He must love you- Monica steps closer, as if looking at the crown jewels-
81) 71) dialog: Don’t worry. I‘’1ll take it for her-
81) 73) dialog: Rita! It ain’t all your responsibility... Rita stares at Eileen and smiles. But it’s fragile.
88) 0) text: The photographer, now back, glances across to Brenda and Eileen, nervously. And then Tooley suddenly appears. He looks worried. He sees the two women also, and fears the worst. But then, the far door opens and Sandra walks in. She looks scared but determined as she crosses the shop floor-
100) 0) text: More shouts. Monty looks trapped. Then the sound of slow stamping and clapping. Louder and louder. Then Brenda, Eileen and the others step aside. Rita is there. She walks towards the platform. And Monty looks sunk.
103) 4) dialog: Come on, let’s have a drink-
121) 0) text: Eileen, Monica and the other women wait patiently with their banners. Albert appears and dispenses beers.