7) 0) text: The sports and social club has been decorated with streamers and balloons. Young Girl by Gary Puckett plays on a large portable record player, perched on the stage at one end of the room. However, the dark suits and knee length skirts of the packed dance floor bring to mind the nineteen fifties, not the sixties. The joint is jumping, nevertheless. And standing at a corner table, Rita throws down a large gin before rushing back to Eddie, caught in the thick of the dancing. Close to him is Connie, with GEORGE, her husband, a couple of years younger, angular and handsome, moving stiffly. Also nearby are Eileen and Dave. Eddie spins Rita rather too vigorously and she nearly goes over, laughing, as he grabs her again. Then, suddenly, the music stops and everyone is plunged into near darkness. Moans and complaints from the floor as a Dave runs towards the record player.
9) 2) dialog: Naah. Be up all night-
25) 19) dialog: Yeah. Sorry...
25) 23) dialog: You gotta go, have you? She holds his gaze and forces a beaming smile.
29) 16) dialog: It’s our anniversary...
56) 6) dialog: You tell her to get her finger out. When you see her.
56) 9) dialog: Gone on long enough now.
56) 11) dialog: It's alright for you and him. Two wages in the house. I’ve got me war pension and I’ve got what she earns. That’s it...I can’t afford a bastard strike.
72) 0) text: George wanders across a bleak, barren expanse of open ground. His steps are jerky, ragged. He looks wretched.
73) 0) text: We hear shouts from the girls. They are calling George's name as they search the estate. Rita and Connie appear at the foot of a twitchell.
74) 0) text: Graham, still in school uniform, carrying a football, heads home. He frowns; recognising the figure sitting on a fly tipped bench. It is George. Graham moves over.
75) 0) text: Connie, Rita, Eileen, Monica all crying out for George. And in them all we hear the gathering concern, the insistence.
81) 21) dialog: Fuckin’ skip, fuckin’ skip-
81) 23) dialog: Closin’ in! He’s...closin’- He shouts out. Connie turns on the light.
81) 25) dialog: Ahh! Ah! He cries out the last time, wide awake. Then he sees it’s her. He blinks, starts to slow his breathing.
81) 27) dialog: Oh... He shifts over. The bed is wet through.
81) 31) dialog: What the fuck do you care? (she is confused) You’d sooner they threw us in the sanatorium...Or the fuckin’ poor house-
81) 33) dialog: (nodding; manic) I know what you’re up to...This strike. Back your mates...Then when we haven’t got a pot to piss in, with a bit’ve luck, the Social’1l have me, eh?
81) 35) dialog: And then you can move another one in...Real fuckin’ man...Look after you proper-—
81) 37) dialog: Give you a bitta cock-
81) 39) dialog: You fuckin’ cow, you- He knocks her backwards and drags himself up her body. She immediately tries to pin his arms to his side but he is flailing, crying out, howling like an animal-
81) 44) dialog: I’m sorry...I’m sorry- She holds him. And we pull back and see them both, huddled together, in their small dark bedroom. INT. HOPKINS OFFICE - DAY 107aA Tooley walks into the office where Grant is working. He is tense and opens a drawer aggressively. Grant closes a filing cabinet. Nothing. He sighs. But then he notices an old copy of the Dagenham and Redbridge Echo, folded on top of the cabinet. On it is a picture of Sandra, in hot pants.
89) 0) text: The factory is deserted; shut down still and creaking with inactivity. INT. CONNIE’S HOUSE - DAY 129 George sits in the kitchen. He has the paper before him but doesn’t read it. Then Connie enters. She is dressed up and grabs a hand bag.
89) 1) dialog: You’re goin’ are you? She turns. Frowns.
89) 5) dialog: You think I'd do the same again. If another war come round?
89) 7) dialog: I love you. She frowns. Wrong footed. Then there is a knock on the door. It opens.
89) 9) text: Rita smiles at George. Connie looks from Rita, back to her husband. He smiles.
89) 10) dialog: Go. She does and the door closes. George smiles again.
92) 0) text: The machinists are all gathered for George’s funeral. A couple of RAF greatcoats can be seen. Possibly ex crew...they’re George’s age. Connie stands with Brenda. Rita is with Eddie and the kids. Albert is there, too. The service nears its end and finally, the vicar closes his prayer book and moves away. The crowd presses up to Connie and people start to pass on their condolences.