11) 0) text: As clouds gather, the men (and only men) go about their business outside. GORDON, late twenties, drives a motorised trolley cart, full of completed seats. They load brand new, shining Ford cars onto transporters. But then, a crack of thunder and it starts to rain-
13) 2) dialog: This new Escort. Looks like they finally designed something people like. The driver jumps down, unhooking the load.
13) 4) dialog: Yeah, you took the plunge at last... He doesn’t re-connect the trailer but climbs on board the forklift, anyway, scoffing:
13) 5) dialog: Me and the boys was sayin’: we’d’ve gone on strike years ago; just havin’ to turn up in a pig hole like this! You know it’s rainin’ in here, don’t you? And he drives off. The women stare at the seats, suddenly aware of what they are doing. Rita, frustrated by the delay, leans in to Connie.
46) 0) text: Gordon and Frank arrive at the River Plant’s deserted warehouse area on the forklift. They swing open two massive doors. Inside, the store is packed with thousands of finished headrests, seat covers and door trim. Both men look at each other ruefully.
76) 0) text: Gordon sits in the empty warehouse reading the paper. A man with a clipped ‘tash and severely parted hair stands to one side shouting into the phone.
76) 2) dialog: Frank! Frank glances across
76) 3) dialog: What do you want me to do, then?
76) 5) dialog: What? Frank stops by the door. He turns; looks serious-
83) 0) text: Rita walks through town. She approaches a large brick building: Department of Labour and Social Services, Employment Exchange. One or two men pass inside and several more are gathered in groups by the gate. Rita sees them, crosses the road, and accelerates. She slows at a bus stop. She lights a cigarette with unsteady hands. Then she stops. Someone is there; it is Gordon. She smiles, relieved.
83) 2) dialog: Don’t you fuckin’ hello me! (she blinks, shocked) You don’t have to work. You got an husband. My missus don’t have to. You do, ‘cause it’s nice. It’s a bit extra. But you don’t have to...I have to fuckin’ work. To pay the electric and the food and the coal. The fuckin’ basics. Only now I can’t. I can’t shift what ain’t there...You fuckin’ idiot. He strides off. Rita doesn’t move, feeling sick.