0) 0) text: RITA O’GRADY and her husband EDDIE, both late twenties, step onto the balcony of a flat on a massive housing estate in East London. With them are their two children, GRAHAM and SHARON. They kiss the kids goodbye as another man, also in blue overalls, emerges from the flats, clambers onto a bike and sets off down the car-less streets. Rita and Eddie grab their own bikes, and ride off into an ever broadening stream of people.
10) 10) text: She settles on Born Free by Matt Monroe, then takes a drag on a fag, finishes ironing a shirt and moves across to a cooker where she removes a pan of beans from the heat. She spoons them onto three plates, eggs and bacon already in place, then pauses again, feeling sick. Rita places the plates on the table. In front of Sharon, her daughter (8) who is reading a comic. Graham, their eleven year old son enters, still in his pyjamas.
10) 12) dialog: I don’t feel very well... Rita frowns, crosses and feels Graham’s forehead.
10) 14) dialog: It’s me stomach. It's said very quickly. Then he tucks into his breakfast. Rita watches and frowns. Graham eats with the fork in his left hand, his right, clenched. She takes it. He resists but Rita fixes him with her gaze and he unclenches his fist as she turns it over. His palm has angry red wields across it. Rita is shocked.
10) 15) dialog: I never done nothin’- (she looks him right in the eye) Honest. She stares. Nods. It’s enough.
10) 17) dialog: Yeah. Rita holds her temper. Just.
18) 11) dialog: Naah. It’s easy. He packs his stuff up. Rita looks at him guiltily. But then he turns suddenly and sees her staring.
18) 12) dialog: What’s up?
60) 0) text: Eddie drops newspaper wrapped fish and chips onto Sharon's plate. Sharon glances at Graham. She is struggling not to snigger as she undoes the package and takes a chip. Graham laughs out loud as he receives his bundle of food. Eddie looks thoroughly pissed off.
74) 0) text: Graham, still in school uniform, carrying a football, heads home. He frowns; recognising the figure sitting on a fly tipped bench. It is George. Graham moves over.
74) 1) dialog: Hello Mr Andrews...You alright? George says nothing. There is a hint of spittle in the corner of his mouth. Graham is unsure. He glances round, then sits beside George.
74) 2) dialog: Just been playin’ football. I was Bobby Moore... (nothing from George) I should get home for me tea- He starts to move. But George reaches out and takes his hand. Graham is shocked at first; but then he looks into George’s eyes and sees the fear. And shock gives way to worry and he finally sits back, holding the older man’s hand.
95) 0) text: The coach is full. Rita’s seat is at the front as usual. The seat next to her, Connie’s, is empty. Rita catches Brenda’s eye and then she sits, alone. INT. RITA’S HOUSE - LATE AFTERNOON 141 Eddie sits at the kitchen table, thinking. He looks shocked. He blinks, noticing the unpacked camping gear leant against a couple of protest placards. He exhales slowly. But then, Graham enters the room. He sits next to his father. Eddie looks at him. Graham smiles. It’s fine. A long moment and Eddie straightens.