50) 2) dialog: It's always white when he goes to the toilet. Yet he never eats anything white. (Mrs Castle is stunned) Mary gives him the odd fruit gum-
50) 4) dialog: I’m not saying I won't legislate. Just- The dog now trots on. Wilson gladly follows. And Mrs. Castle, too! She will not be deflected-
50) 6) dialog: I understand that... (she looks hopeful) But we need to tread carefully; draw the unions in- Her heart sinks. The Undersecretary leans in.
50) 13) dialog: You’re the best man in my cabinet, Barbara, I often say that- He laughs nervously. But his joke hasn't deflected her. She’s staring at him. ALL woman.
50) 16) dialog: Jack Scamp! (her face falls) He’s your man. Any... impasse... get Jack in. Sits them all round a table; beer and pork pie. Straight talking negotiation... (nods ) He’s the way forward. Mrs Castle takes a deep breath and nods. Seduction failed, she’s back in war mode.
109) 0) text: Harold Wilson puffs on his pipe as his official motor sets off around St James’s Square. Mrs Castle settles next to him, having just got in. Wilson looks tense and when Mrs Castle raises an enquiring eyebrow, he gets straight to it-
109) 1) dialog: Have you or have you not invited the Ford women to your offices? Mrs Castle hesitates, momentarily. Then:
109) 3) dialog: I have just spent the last half an hour on the phone to Henry Ford the Second, reassuring him that my government is not on the side of the strikers-
109) 5) dialog: By aligning ourselves with the machinists? (she makes to deny this) I wanted you to fix this! Not to make it worse-!
109) 8) dialog: No. Barbara, please-
109) 11) dialog: Now is not the time-
109) 13) dialog: I wasn’t running the country then! She looks away. Disappointed in him. He sighs. Long beat.
109) 15) text: HAROLD WILSON (CONT’D) See the women. If that’s what you want to do. (she starts to speak; grateful) But! Whatever you do, do not upset Ford! I’m enough trouble with the Americans as it is. She nods, knowing that she is on a tightrope.