17) 0) text: Rita walks blindly away from the classroom, turns down a corridor and stops. Ahead is a dead end. She quickly retraces her steps, passing back round the corner. Another woman, LISA, waits outside the classroom now. She turns to face Rita. She is of a similar age, thin, and impeccably dressed in expensive high street fashion. She frowns, sensing Rita’s distress.
17) 1) dialog: Are you alright? She speaks with a posh voice. Rita trembles.
32) 1) dialog: Do you want to wait in here?
32) 3) text: She turns. A brand new Ford escort is parked by the kerb, and LISA is poking her head out of the driver’s side window. Rita recognises her immediately.
32) 6) dialog: We have met. In the corridor outside Mr Clarke’s class. (Rita stares. Lisa shoves open the passenger door) Please- Rita glances at the other mothers and suddenly feels a surge of opportunity. With her nose in the air, she hurries over and climbs in. INT. CAR -— DAY 43 Rita arranges herself.
32) 8) dialog: It's fine. Really...I’ve been hoping to bump into you for a day or two actually. (Rita stiffens) I wondered if you’d care to sign a letter...? To the headmaster. I’m making a formal complaint; about Mr Clarke’s use of the cane-
32) 10) dialog: He seems to think my son’s-
32) 12) dialog: Yes...He was...indiscreet enough to mention why you’d been in...I think he was suggesting something hormonal was happening about the school- (bitter) We should all calm down a bit.
32) 14) dialog: Oh, you don’t talk to Mr Clarke. You listen... (scoffs) He’s a bully...That’s why he beats them all-
32) 19) dialog: Don’t you? I called Mr Clarke a complete cock... Rita is stunned; Lisa smiles. Children are now pouring out of the school.
32) 20) dialog: Here they are... Lisa gets out. Rita, too.
33) 0) text: Lisa has an umbrella which she erects and then she moves over to Rita who stands beside her, beneath it. Rita glances across and suddenly, emboldened-
33) 2) dialog: Thank you...It’s Biba. A second. Lisa looks back to the children. Rita does too. And her chest swells ever so slightly. INT. RITA’S HOUSE - DAY 45 Rita places a mug of tea on a bedside table. Eddie is dozing but now he opens one eye. Rita slips back into bed, her red, nylon nightie crackling, and props herself up against the headboard.
64) 4) dialog: Likewise. They shake. Then Hopkins hands Tooley’s coat to Lisa.
65) 0) text: Lisa clears away. Bottles of beer sit on the table.
65) 4) dialog: Yeah- She nods, proudly but then suddenly becomes aware of the plates in her hand. She puts them on the sideboard.
65) 6) dialog: I don’t actually. Just the opposite. Look at Vauxhall. They don’t appear to have any problem with the unions and that seems to me because General Motors have a much more collaborative approach to Management. Whereas at Ford, you seem only to deal with the unions because you have to...You tolerate them. And as a result they’re much more entrenched and aggressive in the way that they deal with you. Tooley looks at her. Then he smiles.
65) 11) dialog: What?
66) 0) text: Lisa drops the plates into the sink and leans back against the draining board, trembling. On the table is a copy of the Daily Mail, it’s headline: FORD WOMEN FIGHT ON. Beneath it is a picture of a rally and a woman speaking out. There is something familiar about the woman. Lisa crosses and picks up the paper. Her face - as she sees it is Rita. EXT/INT. RITA’S HOUSE - DAY 86 Rita checks the temperature on the oven. Then she crosses to her bag which is on a chair beside the set kitchen table and removes her purse. It is empty. Her jaw tightens and she crosses to a cupboard near the door. Inside is a metal box, full of shoe polish, cloths and brushes. Also in there is a puncture repair kit. She opens this and reveals some crumpled notes and a few coins. She takes some of the cash, not all, and shoves it into her wallet. She grabs her bag and hurries into the hall.
92) 8) text: And then she stops. A car is parked close to her house. Lisa's. She climbs from the vehicle and smiles. Rita does her best to return the gesture as she reaches the car.
92) 10) dialog: Yeah. I’m...sorry it’s so late...I nearly didn’t come at all. She’s nervous. Rita is too numb to see it.
92) 14) dialog: No...I really don’t want to keep you, I just- She looks at Rita; and loses her nerve. She smiles instead.
92) 15) dialog: Mr Clarke has been asked to leave the school. (Rita frowns; the name cuts through) We won. They’re getting rid of him. Rita manages to smile.
92) 17) dialog: I’m married to Peter Hopkins. At the factory... (Rita is stunned) Had a feeling you didn’t know...And I didn’t know...who you were...the strike. She nods emphatically and smiles. Rita frowns.
92) 19) dialog: Keep going! Please. Please keep going. Rita looks down. Lisa has gripped her wrist. Then Rita looks back into Lisa’s eyes.
92) 20) dialog: Do you know who I am, Rita? (Rita is confused) Who I actually am? I’m Lisa Burnett. I’m thirty one years old, with a first class honours degree from one of the finest universities in the world and my husband treats me like I’m a fool. Rita blinks and Lisa smiles, fondly-
92) 21) dialog: When I studied...for my degree...I was...very nappy AE)
92) 24) dialog: All sorts of reasons...Especially the work...I loved to read about all these extraordinary people. Making history. I always wondered what it felt like... (nods ) Let me know will you...When you’ve finished doing it. (kisses her on the cheek) Don’t let me down. She gets into the car and drives off.
108) 0) text: Hopkins is back at home. He stares sickly at the front page of the Telegraph which records the ongoing horror of Ford's plummeting sales figures. Then the door bell rings. Hopkins waits for Lisa to answer. But it rings again. He sighs and stands, crossing to the door. He opens it. Rita. He is stunned.
108) 2) dialog: Rita...What are you doing here?
108) 5) dialog: Come inside-
108) 7) dialog: What!?
110) 0) text: Rita strides through Dagenham. Pull back. She wears Lisa’s Biba dress. Ahead, the other girls wait for her.