20) 0) text: We see Connie, Rita, Albert and Monty enter the Berni Inn.
21) 0) text: Red velour and a deep blue carpet. And in a far corner of the restaurant, Rita and Connie, facing Albert and Monty around a table. The two men wear dark suits, Rita and Connie smart dresses; both have their hair set. Monty reaches across and pours more Blue Nun into a wine glass beside his empty pint pot. Then he carries on talking to Albert in hushed tones. Rita finishes a slice of Black Forest gateaux and moans with delight.
21) 4) dialog: Here, Rita...Word of advice- He stops; uses the corner of the menu to poke between his teeth. Rita stares.
21) 7) dialog: -when we get there. Don’t be lured in. If they seem to be askin’ you a question, just look at your notebook and I’11 have it. Above all, if I nod, you nod.
21) 11) dialog: What? Thought we’d have one o’ them liqueur coffees. Panatella maybe-
21) 13) dialog: Yeah. Just the bill please. Albert glances at Rita.
23) 2) text: PETER HOPKINS Ford’s Head of Industrial Relations, late thirties, sits beside two other men,GRANT and JONES both middle aged, facing Monty, Albert, Rita and Connie. Rita glances at the clock. Four fifteen. A black suited PENTHOUSE STEWARDESS serves tea and coffee, no one says thank you except Rita. Finally-
23) 6) dialog: I'd rather you didn’t speak for the girls, Mr Hopkins...None of us here knows what's in their heads. That comment makes Rita look across. She turns to Connie. Her eyes are firmly on her note pad still.
23) 8) dialog: Peter. Look...You know me. I ain’t got no axe to grind with Ford. Am I right or am I right?
23) 10) dialog: Exactly...And we’re all men of the world so- Rita looks to Albert. This is getting too much.
23) 12) text: MONTY (CONT’D) -let’s cut to the chase, shall we? We’1l agree to re-convene in two weeks time- Albert stiffens. Rita looks appalled.
23) 14) dialog: Wait. Listen...We’ll re-convene...and we'll come back down here again for the day...And at that point, you’1ll guarantee to look into the girls’ complaint.
23) 16) dialog: That way...you can go back to your bosses and say the strike’s off, ‘cause of how you handled today’s negotiations...and we can go back to the girls and say they’re now your number one priority...In a few weeks time. Hopkins glances at the other Ford men; counts to three.
23) 19) dialog: The girls'll be fine! So long as they know they’re not just gettin’ fobbed off by the management: the unions’s settin’ the terms. That’s what matters-—
24) 0) text: Rita drags on a cigarette by Albert's car, an old Ford Corsair. She looks worried. Connie is with her. She looks nervous too. The reason is about twenty yards away, by a phone box: Albert being railed at by Monty. After a moment Monty storms into the box and dials. Albert walks back.
38) 0) text: Monty Taylor, in his suit and Union badge, stares at the letter. Albert is by his side. They are surrounded by the girls.
38) 1) dialog: Ignore it.
38) 3) dialog: Standard issue. Day after a walk out.
38) 5) dialog: They don’t mean it.
38) 8) dialog: ‘Cause...that’s how we’ve always done it. All the other strikes. It’s like the rules—
38) 15) dialog: What? Monty has spoken for them all. Mutterings of “equal pay?” are heard everywhere. Rita turns to the girls:
39) 2) dialog: Also...The specifics of the strike...It’s widened out a bit-
41) 4) dialog: It wasn’t me...It was Albert. He...He went behind me back-
41) 6) dialog: He’s a loose canon. He- (grasping at straws) I got him with me...You wanna haul someone over the coals, he’s your man; the bloody trouble maker. A beat. Bartholomew and Rogers exchange a glance. Then Bartholomew nods to Monty.
42) 0) text: Albert, still in Ford overalls, sits on a chair waiting. Monty enters. He looks at Albert and sighs theatrically.
42) 1) dialog: I tried to protect you Albert. But you are gonna get such a fuckin’ bollockin’... Albert considers Monty and nods. He stands.
68) 0) text: Monty stands with Grant and Hopkins. He tries to look confident. In fact, he’s uneasy. The whole room is. Then, suddenly, the door bursts open and Tooley strides in, a file under one arm. He slings it onto a far desk as Hopkins tries to assert control.
68) 3) dialog: I’m not sure you appreciate whose side I’m on-
68) 5) dialog: File?
68) 7) dialog: I beg your pardon!? I- (to Hopkins) I don’t have to listen to this- He moves towards the door
70) 0) text: Monty stands looking out of a window at the aftermath of the skirmish. A pay phone is close by, on the wall. Monty feels sick.
91) 5) dialog: Which would be the actual, final, and bindin’ position, I believe, Comrade? After which it’d be out our hands.
97) 2) dialog: Thank you Mr Chairman...I shall try and be brief- He looks to the darkened hall, a glint in his eye.
99) 0) text: Monty is pushing on, scared, but desperate.
99) 1) dialog: -Of course we must represent all our members...But me must also remember we live in a democracy. And in a democracy, the wishes of the majority must always hold sway. Therefore-
99) 5) dialog: Now hang on-
99) 7) dialog: Be quiet! The noise shocks everyone into silence. Monty is embarrassed and moderates his voice. MONTY (CONT’D) Sorry...Gentlemen...We’1l sort this out amongst ourselves later-
99) 9) dialog: No- More shouts of support. Monty shakes his head. EXT. SEAFRONT —- EVENING 147 Eddie walks down the seafront and stops. Parked up ahead is a coach...From Dagenham. He runs past it and into the Hotel outside which it is parked.
100) 0) text: More shouts. Monty looks trapped. Then the sound of slow stamping and clapping. Louder and louder. Then Brenda, Eileen and the others step aside. Rita is there. She walks towards the platform. And Monty looks sunk.