0) 0) text: RITA O’GRADY and her husband EDDIE, both late twenties, step onto the balcony of a flat on a massive housing estate in East London. With them are their two children, GRAHAM and SHARON. They kiss the kids goodbye as another man, also in blue overalls, emerges from the flats, clambers onto a bike and sets off down the car-less streets. Rita and Eddie grab their own bikes, and ride off into an ever broadening stream of people.
2) 0) text: Sandra filters in with the great tide of cyclists pouring from the Estate beneath the baking sun. We see them from high above. Sandra spots Eddie and Rita, calls out and speeds up to join them.
3) 0) text: The tide has become a flood as more and more cyclists freewheel through town and down a hill towards a massive industrial complex with a blue neon sign above it: FORD MOTORS. As they approach the factory, the cyclists diverge, men one way, women the other. Several people stop and kiss at the point of divergence, including Eddie and Rita. Then he pushes off towards the Main Plant, brand new and state of the art while she turns her bike towards a crumbling nineteen twenties monolith the River Plant. We follow Rita, as she cycles between the blackened, paint peeled buildings to a series of bike racks, There, along with Sandra, Eileen, Brenda and Monica, she dismounts and glancing at the hot sun, passes into the factory. MUSIC
4) 0) text: On the shop floor, a cramped, filthy, windowless place, chatter and laughter rings out. The girls, nearly 200 of them, roll down their overalls and tie the arms off in front of them, revealing bras or camisoles. And as Rita enters and moves to her bench, we drop to floor level and see that nearly all of the women have now removed their shoes. As Rita, threading up her sewing machine, wipes a bead of sweat away from her face, we understand why: the place is an oven! Rita grabs a box of vinyl pieces as Eileen walks past, revealing a ferocious wired bra.
4) 3) dialog: Bloody hell, Eileen, you got more support there than the Arsenal- Eileen makes to retort but is interrupted by a the sound of a hooter. Almost at once there is the noise of a generator engaging and then a staggering cacophony as 200 sewing machines start to clatter away. Talk impossible, the women get down to work. Rita pulls several pieces from the box beside her and picks up a car headrest frame. She arranges the vinyl around the frame and starts to machine it into place. It is hugely intricate but nevertheless she sews at breathtaking speed and quickly completes the first item. She places it on a trolley behind her and grabs the next frame.
6) 0) text: Rita curses. One of her nails is chipped. She wipes sweat away again and resumes her work at a ferocious speed, finishing another headrest. As she reaches for the next frame, Connie enters, flustered-
6) 2) dialog: (smiles; shouts) Everything alright? Connie looks across from threading her machine.
6) 8) dialog: Stand by your beds, men! The girls laugh but all around there is also a hubbub of excited chatter as they complete getting dressed. Connie, however, hurries down the aisles and shunts the girls forward.
6) 24) dialog: First time for everything...
6) 26) dialog: Yeah. Just...maybe don’t put it like that if you get interviewed by David Frost, eh?
7) 0) text: The sports and social club has been decorated with streamers and balloons. Young Girl by Gary Puckett plays on a large portable record player, perched on the stage at one end of the room. However, the dark suits and knee length skirts of the packed dance floor bring to mind the nineteen fifties, not the sixties. The joint is jumping, nevertheless. And standing at a corner table, Rita throws down a large gin before rushing back to Eddie, caught in the thick of the dancing. Close to him is Connie, with GEORGE, her husband, a couple of years younger, angular and handsome, moving stiffly. Also nearby are Eileen and Dave. Eddie spins Rita rather too vigorously and she nearly goes over, laughing, as he grabs her again. Then, suddenly, the music stops and everyone is plunged into near darkness. Moans and complaints from the floor as a Dave runs towards the record player.
7) 4) dialog: Oh, God! Give him half a chance and he’s in there-
7) 7) dialog: -Bleedin’ Liberace- But then, the power is back on and Rita puts the record player on again, drowning out Albert. It’s Sandie Shaw's, Always Something There To Remind Me. A big cheer. Rita and the others start dancing. She looks across to a peeved Albert and winks at him. He’s not amused. Eddie leans in-
9) 1) dialog: Right! Who wants another? George? You're finished-
9) 14) dialog: Yeah, well, don’t overdo it... (Albert turns to her) Give yourself an heart attack...We need you tomorrow-
10) 0) text: Sandra sways. Then Dave and Eileen take her by either arm and set off, to escort her home. Finally, Rita and Eddie are left alone in the still night air. Rita takes a deep, contented breath. Then she kisses Eddie on the mouth.
10) 2) dialog: Nothin’. Like you. That’s all... He is staring at her in wonder. And lust. He tries to grab her.
10) 4) dialog: Ooy- She skips away, laughing.
10) 6) dialog: Not out in the street- She grins and runs off. He chases after her. She easily keeps her distance.
10) 8) dialog: Yes, I am, actually. Then she goes over on one of her high heels. They laugh together. INT. RITA’S HOUSE, KITCHEN - DAY 12 A big screaming guitar solo from Cream’s Crossroads- And Rita re-tunes the radio, exhaling heavily. She feels dreadful.
10) 10) text: She settles on Born Free by Matt Monroe, then takes a drag on a fag, finishes ironing a shirt and moves across to a cooker where she removes a pan of beans from the heat. She spoons them onto three plates, eggs and bacon already in place, then pauses again, feeling sick. Rita places the plates on the table. In front of Sharon, her daughter (8) who is reading a comic. Graham, their eleven year old son enters, still in his pyjamas.
10) 11) dialog: Graham...You’re gonna be late-
10) 13) dialog: You’re not hot.
10) 16) dialog: Mr Clarke again? He looks uncertain.
10) 18) dialog: Have your breakfast and go and get dressed- (he makes to speak) I’1l deal with it...It’ll be fine. She says it with utter conviction. He nods, relieved.
10) 21) dialog: Oy! Lover boy! Eddie lies face down on the bed. He wears nylon pyjama bottoms. He moans.
10) 23) dialog: We're all dyin’. And we all gotta go to work...Clean shirt- She drapes it over him. And walks to the door. She looks back. He hasn’t moved. She crosses, removes the shirt and tips a bedside glass of water over his back. He yelps, leaps up and she walks out.
12) 0) text: The thunder of the factory. The women work in silence. Sweat drips from Rita’s face and she wipes her brow with her sleeve. She’s moving with her usual speed, but with something else, too; aggression, as she yanks hard at the cotton threads she must cut off from around the headrests. Then there is a moan. She turns. Connie has stopped work and glugs from a bottle of Lucozade.
12) 9) dialog: Con!....Connie! (Connie turns) Sandra's at it again- (indicates a tear) You’re gonna have to say somethin’- Sandra, who blows bubble gum, sees Rita looking and waves. Rita shouts.
12) 10) dialog: Don’t wave you silly cow, I’m moanin’ about you... Rita removes her own item, in order to repair Sandra’s work. Then she looks back to Connie.
12) 11) dialog: We can’t keep coverin’ for her. (Connie looks worried) They’re gonna find out, Con. And then they’1l give her the boot.
12) 18) dialog: Maaaaaaaa-n! The hooter sounds and power is turned off to the benches as the girls dress. But noise remains; excited chatter filling the air. When Albert looks up the whole shop floor has shoved around Connie’s bench.
13) 0) text: Rita wipes down her bench and tosses the off cuttings and threads in a bin. The women are done for the day. She hurries towards the exit. But her way is suddenly blocked, as a forklift truck tows in a massive trailer load of dismantled, un-upholstered seats.
13) 6) dialog: I’1l see you tomorrow-
13) 10) dialog: I gotta go! And she has. Connie hesitates. Then she looks to the girls and walks out. They follow her. Soon all that remains are the seats, un-touched.
14) 0) text: Rita is down to her underwear, already in high heels. She slides a pencil skirt on, toppling against the cubicle wall-
14) 1) dialog: Christ- Then she grabs a top- Then she pulls on a top, runs in front of a mirror, checks her teeth and is off-
15) 0) text: It's stopped raining as Rita slides through a puddle on her bike and stops. She jumps off and leans it against a brick wall. She straightens her blouse and immediately curses: one stocking is smeared with splashed up dirt. She considers her options, then, glancing round, removes it. Then the other one. Then she hurries round a corner and approaches the Thomas A Becket Grammar School. It is much leafier here and cars can be seen for the very first time, most parked near the waiting mothers, gathered at the gate. As Rita strides towards them, short skirted, shapely legged, several women turn to look at her. Rita stiffens slightly. A bell rings and the school starts to let out.
16) 0) text: A teacher, fifties, cleans a blackboard as Rita enters the classroom.
16) 1) dialog: Mr Clarke? (he turns) I wondered if I could have a word? He considers her.
16) 4) text: TEACHER (CONT’D) How may I help you? His tone is clipped, Empire. Rita stares at the man. There is no easy way. Finally-
16) 5) dialog: You hit my son. He frowns, confused. But Rita, hearing it said, feels stronger. And more angry.
16) 6) dialog: On his hand. You caned him. And it ain’t the first time.
16) 8) dialog: I don’t care whether it’s the tenth time! I don’t want you doin’ it! She stops; knows she’s lost her temper but she holds his gaze, nonetheless. He simply smiles, calmly.
16) 10) dialog: (surprised) What?...No...I-
16) 12) dialog: He’s my son! Again she flinches inwardly. But again he seems calm.
16) 16) dialog: I don’t see what-
17) 0) text: Rita walks blindly away from the classroom, turns down a corridor and stops. Ahead is a dead end. She quickly retraces her steps, passing back round the corner. Another woman, LISA, waits outside the classroom now. She turns to face Rita. She is of a similar age, thin, and impeccably dressed in expensive high street fashion. She frowns, sensing Rita’s distress.
17) 2) dialog: Fuck off! Then Rita barges past her.
18) 0) text: Rita is shaking, upset and angry. She fumbles in her bag but her packet of fags is empty.
18) 3) dialog: Ten John Player, please. (hands across money) Ta. She looks down. A few magazines are laid out on top of a tressel table. One of them is Vogue. It’s cover shows Jean Shrimpton with short, slicked down hair and panda eyes: the sixties of popular memory. The byline reads: ALL CHANGE. Rita picks it up.
18) 4) dialog: And this, thank you. She stands tall as she passes it over.
18) 9) dialog: Tea’s ready... Sharon looks round from the telly. Rita stands by the door, a tea towel in her hands. Eddie is dozing on the sofa and starts to rouse himself. Graham is at a table by the wall where he is doing his homework. He turns and Rita smiles at him.
18) 10) dialog: Alright? Need any help?
18) 13) dialog: Nothin’...You’re a good lad. That’s all.
19) 2) dialog: Eddie...We can’t go talkin’ about colour. We ain’t paid for the fridge yet. And the three piece is still on tick. (he frowns; so?) And now we got all this unrest at work.
19) 7) dialog: Well...It ain’t just a vote now. We got a meetin’ tomorrow. With all the bosses...And I’m goin’. Her family stare back, stunned. She avoids eye contact.
19) 8) dialog: So...I'll plate your tea up, in the mornin’. Then if I’m a bit late back, you'll just need to heat it through. Eddie nods relieved. And Rita feels suddenly piqued.
19) 9) dialog: Apparently we go to a Berni Inn. On our way there. She takes a mouthful of her own food, still looking at Eddie, a twinkle in her eyes.
20) 0) text: We see Connie, Rita, Albert and Monty enter the Berni Inn.
21) 0) text: Red velour and a deep blue carpet. And in a far corner of the restaurant, Rita and Connie, facing Albert and Monty around a table. The two men wear dark suits, Rita and Connie smart dresses; both have their hair set. Monty reaches across and pours more Blue Nun into a wine glass beside his empty pint pot. Then he carries on talking to Albert in hushed tones. Rita finishes a slice of Black Forest gateaux and moans with delight.
21) 2) dialog: And that steak...
23) 0) text: Now Rita exhales, frustrated. She sits in a dark, hot room with no windows. It is silent.
23) 2) text: PETER HOPKINS Ford’s Head of Industrial Relations, late thirties, sits beside two other men,GRANT and JONES both middle aged, facing Monty, Albert, Rita and Connie. Rita glances at the clock. Four fifteen. A black suited PENTHOUSE STEWARDESS serves tea and coffee, no one says thank you except Rita. Finally-
23) 12) text: MONTY (CONT’D) -let’s cut to the chase, shall we? We’1l agree to re-convene in two weeks time- Albert stiffens. Rita looks appalled.
23) 20) dialog: Bollocks! All heads turn. And Rita blinks. But it’s said. And she means it, she realises. She turns-—
23) 21) dialog: I’m sorry Albert but...It is. Bollocks...Three hours, we’ve been sittin’ here now and- (to Monty) “That's what matters to the girls?” How're you qualified to talk about what matters? To us?... (MORE)
23) 24) dialog: (looks to Connie who stares back amazed) What matters is this- She reaches into her bag and throws a pile of vinyl cuttings, of the kind we saw her machine at the start, in front of Hopkins.
23) 25) dialog: There. You put them together- (spreads them out) 13 different bits. That makes up an head rest cover...
23) 27) dialog: Oh, get stuffed- (to Hopkins; on track) What matters is that we have to take them 13 different bits of material and imagine how they fit together...’cause there ain’t no template...and then we have to sew ‘em, all free hand, into the finished article! Same with seat covers and door trim. And that is not unskilled work. Which is how you've re-graded us! Christ, you have to take an exam to get on our line-
23) 29) dialog: Mrs!...O’Grady.
23) 31) dialog: Oh, no! No, no, no, no...Don’t start with all that again; all that I appreciate, I sympathise...It ain’t difficult: we’re entitled to semi-skilled. And the wages what go with it- (Hopkins makes to speak) And!...as regards queue jumpin’, we put this complaint in months ago- (Albert is impressed) -and you done nothin’ about it. And we both know why you done nothin’ n’all, don’t we? ‘Cause we’re women and the women have never gone on strike. This is the first time we've even suggested it. (MORE)
23) 34) dialog: Which meant you thought you could keep ignorin’ us...Well, hard bleedin’ cheese, mate, ‘cause it’s too late now! Albert's face. And Connie's.
23) 35) dialog: We’re gonna do what we said we would. No more overtime and an immediate twenty four hour stoppage. And where it goes from here, that’s up to you. Cause we only open our gobs when we mean it! Rita stands. A moment. The others stand too, dazed. The meeting is clearly over.
24) 0) text: Rita drags on a cigarette by Albert's car, an old Ford Corsair. She looks worried. Connie is with her. She looks nervous too. The reason is about twenty yards away, by a phone box: Albert being railed at by Monty. After a moment Monty storms into the box and dials. Albert walks back.
24) 2) dialog: (nods ) He seems a bit... She shrugs, awkwardly. They all look back to the phone box. Monty rants. Then Albert fixes Rita with a stare and points a spindly finger. And he grins.
24) 4) dialog: Oh, no. No. Grant was right. I was nickin’ them...Eddie uses ‘em to patch up his tent. For when we go campin’... She nods at Albert apologetically. He stares.
25) 0) text: The girls are all hard at work when the hooter sounds. Brenda and Eileen start to make themselves decent but then stop when they see who it is: Rita, standing on a bench, looking out over them. Connie is beside her, at ground level. A beat. Rita hesitates, glances to Connie, then looks back again. She shouts:
25) 1) dialog: Everybody out! A huge roar and the women push to the exit. EXT. WESTMINSTER — DAY 30 Big Ben booms out and a new day dawns. INT. BARBARA CASTLE’S WESTMINSTER OFFICES - DAY 31 Another pair of bare feet, the stockinged soles of which scratch an itch beneath a large desk. Then, we see a sign on the desk: SECRETARY OF STATE FOR EMPLOYMENT AND PRODUCTIVITY and behind it, the petite figure of a woman with flame red hair, pouring over a huge pile of manila files.
26) 14) dialog: Least they know we’re serious now. And we ain’t quite as helpless as everyone seems to think we are. Rita looks proudly across at the girls-
29) 14) dialog: Don’t you scrub up nice...What’s goin’ on?
29) 17) dialog: What? A chorus of the girls calling out Connie’s name, cooing and clapping.
29) 18) dialog: Why didn’t you say something-
29) 26) dialog: I dunno...We have done a full day-
29) 28) dialog: (grinning) Sod it! We registered the protest...Hooter’s blowin’ The girls cheer. The whole group runs around, packing, shouting hurried good byes and dispersing.
30) 0) text: Albert's POV as he watches Rita struggling with the placards, he bangs on the window to get her attention, she comes over to the doorway of the café.
30) 1) dialog: Albert-
30) 3) dialog: Why?
30) 10) dialog: I can’t. Sorry...I told Graham I’d meet him from school.
31) 0) text: Rita stares as Albert spoons three sugars into his tea. He stirs and looks at her. She waits, a little edgy. Then he adds one more. She makes to speak- He stirs again-
31) 1) dialog: Albert, come on! Cough it up! He looks her in the eye.
31) 3) dialog: What?
31) 5) dialog: But...we got a case. You said so. We-
31) 9) dialog: (irritated) What do you mean we’re not-—
31) 12) dialog: -we ain’t got equal pay...
31) 14) dialog: Why? Why you bothered about us gettin’ the same as the men? He stares; knows Rita will accept only the whole truth. He smiles fondly.
31) 20) dialog: What about Connie? She’s Shop Steward. We voted for her-
32) 0) text: Rita glances at her watch as she hurries towards the school. A group of the mothers wait. All under umbrellas. Rita hesitates.
32) 3) text: She turns. A brand new Ford escort is parked by the kerb, and LISA is poking her head out of the driver’s side window. Rita recognises her immediately.
32) 7) dialog: I’m drippin’...
32) 9) dialog: What?
32) 11) dialog: You mean...You were there for the same reason as me?
32) 13) dialog: -He just fobbed me off. He...I mean...I’d got it all worked out in me head; what I was gonna say only-
32) 17) dialog: You got a pen, then? Lisa passes across the letter and pen. Rita signs. Hands everything back.
32) 18) dialog: -That first time, when I saw you... (Lisa frowns, confused) You’re bein’ polite, not mentionin’ it, I know you are, only...I was upset. As I say and...I never use that sort of language normally.
33) 0) text: Lisa has an umbrella which she erects and then she moves over to Rita who stands beside her, beneath it. Rita glances across and suddenly, emboldened-
33) 1) dialog: That dress-— (Lisa turns, frowns) I seen it. In Vogue...It really suits you.
33) 6) dialog: Six-
33) 8) dialog: (distracted) Yeah. Sorry. I was awake anyway, SO... She trails off. A beat. He turns on his side.
33) 10) dialog: Eddie! He pulls himself up her body and kisses her neck. She’s not really in the mood, though.
33) 12) dialog: Nothin’...I’m...I got stuff on me mind... (she turns; dare she?) Which...I didn’t say nothin’ about last night ‘cause I wanted to get straight in me own head first-
33) 14) dialog: I’ve decided to get a bit more involved. In the dispute.
33) 18) dialog: Yeah, but...it ain’t settled yet, is it?
33) 20) dialog: It wasn’t a gesture. It was a...strike...to get somethin’!
33) 23) dialog: Good. Thank you... (he kisses her again) You’re not just sayin’ that, are you?
33) 25) dialog: ‘Cause you got an ulterior motive! He finally straightens and looks at her.
33) 27) dialog: I‘1l show you. She kisses him and they slide down the bed.
34) 0) text: Rita places her bike in the rack. She smiles as Brenda dismounts, too. But then, both stare open mouthed as Sandra arrives - in a pair of tiny shorts and a blouse tied just below the bust. Sandra struggles to get her leg over the bike seat.
34) 6) dialog: I think they look nice. Long as you can breathe-
34) 10) dialog: (surprised) Bein’ on strike?
34) 12) dialog: What did you do?
34) 14) dialog: (confused) But-—
35) 0) text: Rita, a hint of a smile still on her face, walks towards the factory floor, pulling her overalls around her waist as she goes.
36) 0) text: Rita walks onto the floor. She stares at Connie’s space: still unoccupied. She begins to thread up her machine. Then she grabs some cuttings. And finally Connie rushes in-
36) 2) dialog: Connie, listen. I-
36) 4) dialog: No! I have to say it! For me! (stares at Connie) If I was to get involved with Albert, Con, it’s only cause...I got a gob on me...You’re the heart beat of this place. You always will be. Connie smiles, fondly. Then:
37) 0) text: Rita finishes an item, then notices Sandra, tongue out, carefully completing a piece. She is pleased. Then the hooter goes and the girls look across, on the point of getting dressed. But it is Brian, so they simply continue. He looks frustrated. Then scared; as he realises he must enter anyway. This he does and at every bench the women jiggle their bits, wolf whistle and generally make life hell for him.
38) 2) dialog: Ignore it?
38) 4) dialog: Have you seen the language? (Eileen and Brenda nod) "Your flagrant and aggressive disregard for the existing complaints procedure”...Tone of that-
38) 7) dialog: So why they sayin’ it...?
38) 11) dialog: Oh, no! (snatches letter back) (MORE )
38) 14) dialog: We’re not playin’ that game...We ain’t your men, remember. We’re us. And we won't be addressed in this manner. (Cheer of agreement. Rita stares at the girls) All those in favour of not only maintainin’ but increasin’ our current industrial action by goin’ to an immediate all out stoppage until an equal pay settlement is reached-
38) 16) dialog: Well, why not? (stares at the trusting faces of the girls) That’s what this dispute is really about, innit?! Rita suddenly points to the lad seen earlier. He sweeps out the canteen now.
38) 17) dialog: They’ve put us on the same rate as Brushin’ Brian! The lowest rate in the whole factory...despite the fact that we have got considerable skill. (A few mumbled “trues”) And there’s only one possible reason for that...‘Cause we’re women, and in the work place women get paid less than men- no matter what skill they got! (More support. Agreement. Shouts now.) Which is why we gotta demand that from now on, there’s a level playin’ field and rates of pay which reflect the job you do, not whether you’ve got a dick or not- (cheers of support) This strike is about one thing and one thing only: Fairness! (To Monty; points) Equal pay or nothin’! (huge cheer; Rita turns back to the women) All those in favour? (every hand goes up) Everybody out!!!!
44) 0) text: A rally in front of the Town Hall before about fifty people. Albert is on the platform with various other officials. A banner reads A FAIR DAYS PAY FOR A FAIR DAYS WORK. Rita is there, too. Albert finishes speaking and Rita nervously steps forward. A long pause. And then Rita sees Connie, Brenda and the girls. She begins-
44) 3) dialog: (faltering) I...work at Ford...As a machinist and...I’m here to put our point of view. About what’s goin’ on and how, it ain’t fair. And also, how it’s part of somethin’ bigger...much bigger...which is equal pay... She continues. A man in a threadbare coat, a camera around his neck, takes out a notebook and starts writing.
45) 0) text: Rita addresses a crowd of onlookers. Thirty or so girls are gathered around her, including Connie and Sandra who hold up a banner proclaiming: SUPPORT THE FORD MACHINISTS. Passing are a group of West Ham fans on the way to a match with scarves and rattles. Several stop and listen. Rita sounds much smoother.
45) 1) dialog: ‘Cause basically, Ford’s done what they have, awarded us a pay cut, ‘cause they think no-one’1ll really notice, because we’re women. And women’s pay has always been less than men’s... MORE HEADLINES: PETTICOAT REBELLION GROWS etc.
47) 0) text: Rita addresses a mass of workers. She is noticeably more confident and slicker.
47) 3) dialog: And that’s a tactic, not just the Ford Management, but all managements have exploited, year after year: basin’ huge profits on a wage system which is as corrupt as it is unchallenged-
47) 6) dialog: Which begs the question, why? Why is it like that? And the answer is, us! Because we've never said no.
48) 0) text: In the more modern main plant, we see Albert, then Dave who is holding up a copy of the Dagenham and Redbridge Echo. BANNER HEADLINE: MANAGEMENT DENY CRISIS. Then we hear Rita’s voice, gliding, over the picture.
48) 1) dialog: We've meekly stepped forwards, despite what we've seen with our mothers and our grandmothers and we’ve taken our pay packets and we’ve tugged our forelocks and we’ve said “thank you very much.” Well, no more! The time has come for all women to say: Enough! We do not accept this! We hear applause. And see Eddie, smiling bashfully, as a picture of Rita, campaigning, is pointed out to him, beneath the banner.
49) 0) text: The applause fades as Rita steps down from the platform. She is immediately approached by several reporters and other union officials.
51) 1) dialog: Come on, then, girls! Get yourselves organised!
51) 4) dialog: No, we have not! Now Sandra appears in tiny shorts and a skimpy top. She looks round, urgently.
51) 8) dialog: (frustrated) Exactly!
51) 12) dialog: (to girls) I think it’s this way, isn’t it? The girls all look in different directions. Clearly no one knows.
52) 1) dialog: Alright, ladies! This is a good spot. Form up! They put down their bags and begin unfurling the banners.
53) 3) dialog: Girls...I think we’re not entirely unfurled. All of them look up to the banner. It says: WE WANT SEX INT. BARBARA CASTLE’S WHITEHALL OFFICES - DAY 71 Mrs Castle looks out of her window. Sees the banner.
54) 0) text: Outside we see Connie help Rita frantically untwist the banner. WE WANT SEX EQUALITY is revealed. Rita, flustered, gestures for the girls to re-group. Most are giggling. Reporters and photographers are approaching.
54) 2) text: Through the laughter, Sandra is suddenly aware that photographers are taking pictures. She skips over to them. Rita turns to the approaching press.
55) 5) dialog: 
55) 9) dialog: As long as it takes-
55) 12) dialog: He...supports me...We always support the men when they come out.
55) 14) dialog: They will be. Several reporters call out. One persists.
55) 19) dialog: I prefer to concentrate on the issues of the strike-
57) 0) text: A coach pulls up outside a factory gate. On it is 74 written: FORD, HALEWOOD. Rita gets off. Several of the girls follow.
58) 0) text: 75 Rita stands on a soap box outside the main factory. She is sweating, passionate, addressing a crowd of women.
58) 1) dialog: -You’re doin’ the same work for Ford, here in Liverpool, that we’re doin’ for ‘em down in Dagenham. So you know that our job is skilled...But I’m askin’ you to think beyond that...I’m askin’ you to strike now for all women, not just machinists, until every one of us gets fairness and is entitled to the same pay as men!...Will all those in favour, put their hands in the air now, please- They do. Rita beams, delighted.
59) 0) text: The kids sit at the dining room table. Smoke spills from the kitchen. They glance at each other. Look slightly worried. INT. RITA’S HOUSE, KITCHEN - EARLY EVENING 77 The kitchen is a mess as Eddie, sweat dripping from his nose, tries to fry a piece of liver. A huge flame leaps up from under the pan as spitting oil hits the gas. Eddie leaps back, cursing, then goes back to the food, his jaw tight.
61) 0) text: The girls drive back from Halewood. Rita, sitting at the front, with Connie beside her, glances out over burnished countryside, a low red sun throbbing in the sky. Across the aisle, also at the front, Sandra has a transistor radio on her lap, a single ear piece in. She starts to sing, quietly as she looks out of the window-
64) 10) dialog: I slaughtered ‘em! Every single one come out!
64) 12) dialog: It was incredible though, Eddie! To start with. A load of ‘em said, while they was happy to support their fellow machinists...union solidarity and all that...they didn’t actually agree with equal pay as a principal. Men deserved more...Can you believe that? He looks at her; her ebullience. And suddenly feels troubled. But he manages a smile.
64) 13) dialog: I’‘1l go and check on the kids. Give ‘ema quick kiss. She pecks him on the cheek and goes. He stares at the cluttered table. His effort. Anger swells.
66) 0) text: Lisa drops the plates into the sink and leans back against the draining board, trembling. On the table is a copy of the Daily Mail, it’s headline: FORD WOMEN FIGHT ON. Beneath it is a picture of a rally and a woman speaking out. There is something familiar about the woman. Lisa crosses and picks up the paper. Her face - as she sees it is Rita. EXT/INT. RITA’S HOUSE - DAY 86 Rita checks the temperature on the oven. Then she crosses to her bag which is on a chair beside the set kitchen table and removes her purse. It is empty. Her jaw tightens and she crosses to a cupboard near the door. Inside is a metal box, full of shoe polish, cloths and brushes. Also in there is a puncture repair kit. She opens this and reveals some crumpled notes and a few coins. She takes some of the cash, not all, and shoves it into her wallet. She grabs her bag and hurries into the hall.
66) 1) dialog: Graham is coming downstairs.
66) 2) dialog: It’s in the oven. Don’t burn yourself-
66) 4) text: He wordlessly moves into the kitchen. And Rita pulls on a jacket. She turns and stops. Sharon is there. Her hair is in pig tails. One bunch is massively bigger than the other, while one is a tangled mess.
66) 5) dialog: What happened?
66) 9) dialog: I gotta go see Albert. Just tell him to have another go. Sharon slips into the kitchen and Rita ties on a head scarf as Eddie comes down the stairs. She nods to the kitchen.
66) 10) dialog: ‘s all ready... (crosses to placards against wall) You’re alright gettin’ ‘em off to school, aren't you? He watches her pick up the placards.
66) 12) dialog: Eddie- (he stops) Everything’s okay, innit? He stares at her, then shrugs.
66) 15) dialog: What?
66) 17) dialog: (wrong footed) Yeah...Sorry. I missed washin’ Monday. I’1l do it tonight. He nods. And walks into the kitchen. A second. Rita stares at the empty doorway then leaves.
67) 2) text: Rita passes Connie a sheet with names on it and removes one covered with signatures.
67) 6) dialog: It’s still three quid, love. Don’t matter how you count it!
69) 0) text: The women are now on picket before their entrance gates. They call out for Equal Pay, Equality... several chant; ‘We Want Justice!’ and ‘Support Our Struggle!’ A lorry delivering supplies turns away in support of them. the Women all cheer. The lorry pips as it drives back up the road. As the lorry accelerates away Rita sees a figure approaching-—
69) 3) dialog: Hello, love! Thought you weren’t comin’- (hands across money) Got your strike pay. Albert let me have it- Connie looks at it, takes it and nods. But she is hassled. She places her bag on the kerb beside several others, then steps across to join the chatting girls. Rita lowers her voice.
69) 4) dialog: You alright?
69) 7) dialog: Silly sods. Connie frowns; that’s not what she meant.
69) 14) dialog: What?
69) 16) dialog: No, we ain’t. We're picketin’-
69) 29) dialog: It’s alright, Connie-
69) 37) dialog: Leave her!
71) 0) text: Brenda, Rita and Eileen are all piled into the station and Rita speaks to the uniformed desk clerk. She is incredulous.
71) 1) dialog: You can’t just keep her in.
71) 3) dialog: Course she’s hysterical! She’s been in a bleedin’ police cell all afternoon- (gathers her own emotions) Please. Just let me speak to her.
71) 5) dialog: I’m not visitin’! I’m tryin’ to sort things out-
71) 19) dialog: It’s fine. We can handle him...Shows how much they’re frightened of us...Sendin’ in the heavy brigade- A cheer of support. Rita makes to say more- But a voice cuts through.
73) 0) text: We hear shouts from the girls. They are calling George's name as they search the estate. Rita and Connie appear at the foot of a twitchell.
73) 2) dialog: He’1l turn up-
73) 4) dialog: Connie-
75) 0) text: Connie, Rita, Eileen, Monica all crying out for George. And in them all we hear the gathering concern, the insistence.
79) 0) text: A pale Rita walks through Dagenham’s deserted streets. She is exhausted. But then, a man cycles up the hill. Then another. She checks her watch and frowns. Too early.
79) 3) dialog: What’s goin’ on?
79) 5) dialog: I...I gotta see Albert. Rita runs off, through the tide of men flooding onto the streets.
81) 0) text: Albert and Rita stare at the facade from inside a CAFE. Albert still wears his Ford overalls. A note pad sits beside them on the table and several empty packets of crisps are screwed up in the ashtray.
81) 2) dialog: I know that! She does. And he smiles, nodding, acknowledging it.
81) 5) dialog: I’m back- She nips into the kitchen which is in a mess. She opens the fridge. It is bare. There is a tiny piece of cheese and after checking it, she devours it. Then she walks towards the front room.
81) 6) dialog: Eddie? She peers round the door. It’s empty.
81) 9) dialog: You alright?
81) 11) dialog: Final push, Eddie; we gotta plan. The entire Main Plant closed down. Ford can’t afford that- He’s looking at her now and she stops; realises-—
81) 12) dialog: I mean...I’m sorry, love...It’s had to come to this. For you and the lads... He stares. Then looks back to the book.
81) 14) dialog: Thing is, I know how you feel, love: gettin’ laid off. ‘Cause’ve all them times us girls’ve supported you men; and it’s meant no work for us. He looks across the room. His eyes fiery. Half a second and he puts a lid on his emotions.
81) 16) dialog: If you've got somethin’ on your mind, Eddie-
81) 20) dialog: Good. Cause I ain’t had the easiest of days meself- Click! His half of the room plunges into darkness. Rita stares across at Eddie, sees his hand move from the lamp to the bed while his back remains resolutely turned towards her. INT. CONNIE’S HOUSE - NIGHT 107 Connie is in bed, asleep. George is beside her. Suddenly he starts to pant. The panting gets louder and faster, as if he is hyperventilating. Connie moans, starts to wake.
81) 65) dialog: She alright?
81) 67) dialog: Yeah. Brenda tips the sack upside down. One last cauliflower.
81) 72) dialog: No, I’11 do it... I wanna talk to her. Rita, clearly worried, slips the cauli in a straw basket.
81) 74) dialog: We gotta stand firm. Everyone of us! It ain't easy... And it’s gonna get harder now. Cause we ain’t caved in how they thought we would. Which means they’re desperate... But we’ve got this far, so we can get a bit further... as long as we stick together. She stops just as she’s getting into her stride, the others are trying to focus but really their attention is on the pineapple they are devouring with loud slurps and from which they look up at Rita. She sighs and smiles, relaxing at last.
81) 75) dialog: Give us some of that-
81) 85) dialog: Connie...You there? She peeps over the wall. Connie is sitting on a chair by the door, a bucket at her feet, peeling potatoes. Rita smiles, stops straining and passes round the corner-
81) 86) dialog: I brought you a present. From Brenda’s fella- She ducks through the gate, holding out the Cauliflower. Connie looks across at her. Rita is still smiling. She places the cauliflower on the floor beside Connie.
81) 87) dialog: Plus, Albert’s been in touch; Union’s called a meetin’- She straightens and looks at Connie
81) 88) dialog: Sounds important; so we need to-
81) 90) dialog: (wrong footed)
81) 93) dialog: What? A beat. Finally Connie looks at Rita.
81) 96) dialog: (alarm now) Connie-
81) 98) dialog: You can’t just stop-
81) 100) dialog: (scared) But...we need you...at the meetin’s (shrugs ) And the younger girls; they look up to you-
81) 109) dialog: And I ain’t sayin’ you gotta give up on him, Connie. Just... (imploringly) You count, too. Your life...And you gotta allow it to blossom, just a bit...Or the war’s gonna destroy two people, Con! And that would be so wrong. Connie stares hard at Rita.
83) 0) text: Rita walks through town. She approaches a large brick building: Department of Labour and Social Services, Employment Exchange. One or two men pass inside and several more are gathered in groups by the gate. Rita sees them, crosses the road, and accelerates. She slows at a bus stop. She lights a cigarette with unsteady hands. Then she stops. Someone is there; it is Gordon. She smiles, relieved.
83) 1) dialog: Hello, Gordon-
84) 0) text: Rita, shaken walks down the road, turns a corner and stops: from her house, two men are wheeling her fridge onto the back of a lorry. Eddie walks onto the doorstep, watching the scene. Rita hurries over and turns to him.
84) 3) text: 121 EXT. RITA’S HOUSE - AFTERNOON 121 Rita strides over to Eddie-
84) 4) dialog: You spent the money-
84) 6) dialog: You spent the last of the emergency. Out the repair kit.
84) 8) dialog: Why?-
84) 10) dialog: We could’a kept him off til next week-
84) 12) dialog: And you shoulda told him we didn’t have it! (he makes to speak) Christ, Eddie, I’m in charge of the money!
84) 14) dialog: What happened to you? Eddie walks back into the flat and Sharon walks out, oblivious to their argument. Rita stares.
84) 19) dialog: Hello, Marge. She smiles; doing her best.
84) 21) dialog: No... no we... She looks at Marge
84) 22) dialog: Everything alright?
84) 25) dialog: Eddie! I gotta go out.
84) 27) dialog: I’m sorry love. Mummy’s got to do something important, Daddy will look after you (shouts ) Eddie!
87) 0) text: Sandra sits before a mirror, staring at herself. Then, in the mirror, she sees Rita enter at the back of the waggon. She turns. A moment.
87) 2) dialog: I know. Sandra's eyes fill. She shakes her head.
87) 6) dialog: Hey- Rita comes across and hugs her. When Sandra speaks it’s between sobs-—
87) 8) dialog: (fondly) You have-
87) 10) dialog: You ain’t let us down. You ain’t gone back yet, have you...? (Sandra looks to Rita hopefully) I mean, that is the deal, innit? They let you do this shoot and you go back to work... but the going back bit ain’t happened yet so... She smiles. And then Sandra looks horribly compromised
87) 13) dialog: Sandra...You look amazin’...I mean, you are a model. You were doin’ it, in there. They couldn’t get better...You could though...Now I seen it. You really could...But it’s up to you in the end.
87) 15) text: Rita walks out. Sandra looks pale.
89) 8) dialog: Con. You all set?...George-
89) 9) text: Rita smiles at George. Connie looks from Rita, back to her husband. He smiles.
90) 0) text: Rita hurries into the outer chamber of the union offices, where we saw Albert wait for his bollocking.
90) 1) dialog: Sorry I’m late- She stops. Connie is already sitting there, waiting, with Albert. Rita smiles, delighted that Connie’s back on board and she makes to speak. But before she can, Albert is to his feet and hurrying across-—
91) 0) text: Rita’s jaw is fixed. She glances at Connie.
91) 3) dialog: You ain’t got ‘em all though, have you- Albert flashes her a glance. She bites it-
91) 15) dialog: They must think we was born yesterday-
91) 17) dialog: (laughs ) See how he looks when we turn up down there! Put our side of things- They pass through the gate.
91) 19) dialog: We can deal with anyone, Con! They both laugh and Connie opens the door. She screams. In the centre of the room, hanging from the ceiling, a belt around his neck, is George. He is wearing his RAF Best Blue. Rita makes a guttural, animal-like noise and then runs into the house. Connie follows, realising what Rita intends.
92) 0) text: The machinists are all gathered for George’s funeral. A couple of RAF greatcoats can be seen. Possibly ex crew...they’re George’s age. Connie stands with Brenda. Rita is with Eddie and the kids. Albert is there, too. The service nears its end and finally, the vicar closes his prayer book and moves away. The crowd presses up to Connie and people start to pass on their condolences.
92) 1) dialog: I’m sorry, Connie. Connie nods, smiles, but doesn’t look Rita in the eye.
92) 3) dialog: What?
92) 8) text: And then she stops. A car is parked close to her house. Lisa's. She climbs from the vehicle and smiles. Rita does her best to return the gesture as she reaches the car.
92) 9) dialog: This is a surprise.
92) 11) dialog: You wanna pop in? I...be honest, I ain’t feelin’ the most chatty but-
92) 16) dialog: That's great. That’s...brilliant. Lisa nods. A beat. Rita looks to her front door-
92) 18) dialog: I...don’t understand. I- (suddenly upset) If you’ve come here to tell me to back off...I wasn’t jokin’; what’s gone on today and I’m warning you-
93) 0) text: Eddie’s motorcycle is loaded with camping kit. He pushes himself back from under the side car and stares at Rita incredulously.
93) 3) dialog: I can't-—
93) 5) dialog: Because- (gritted teeth) If I don’t see it through...Then it has all been for nothin’... She stares at him. Then she picks up her case and walks off down the street. He watches. His chest heaves. But then, he looks compromised. And he calls out-
93) 10) dialog: What?
93) 12) dialog: (weary) Eddie-
93) 15) dialog: I gotta catch a bus-—
93) 17) dialog: This really ain’t the time, Eddie-
93) 22) dialog: You’re a saint. That’s what you’re tellin’ me, Eddie? You’re a bleedin’ saint! Cause you give us an even break... (thunderous ) That's as it should be...Jesus! What do you think this strike’s been all about? It ain't about us gettin’ special treatment, you know...Kid gloves...It’s been about fairness. What’s proper....And you stand there now and lecture me about countin’ me blessin’s... (nods ) Well, you’re right actually...You don’t knock us about, you don’t drink, you don't gamble, you do join in with the family... (through gritted teeth) That 's-as-—it-should-be!...Try and understand that. Please. What you’re talkin’ about now...what I’ve been fightin’ for, the last few weeks...Same thing...Rights. Not privileges. She marches off and Eddie watches her go. He sways, as if he has taken a punch.
94) 0) text: The last of the girls climbs onto a coach. Rita looks back at the streets of Dagenham and climbs on also-
95) 0) text: The coach is full. Rita’s seat is at the front as usual. The seat next to her, Connie’s, is empty. Rita catches Brenda’s eye and then she sits, alone. INT. RITA’S HOUSE - LATE AFTERNOON 141 Eddie sits at the kitchen table, thinking. He looks shocked. He blinks, noticing the unpacked camping gear leant against a couple of protest placards. He exhales slowly. But then, Graham enters the room. He sits next to his father. Eddie looks at him. Graham smiles. It’s fine. A long moment and Eddie straightens.
100) 0) text: More shouts. Monty looks trapped. Then the sound of slow stamping and clapping. Louder and louder. Then Brenda, Eileen and the others step aside. Rita is there. She walks towards the platform. And Monty looks sunk.
102) 0) text: Eddie bursts into the hall and stops right at the back. Rita is at the lectern, a light on her. All around is still. She makes to speak then stops, gathering herself; all of the emotion of the last few days sweeping over her. She stares at the people in the hall, their faces turned to her. Waiting...
102) 1) dialog: My best friend lost her husband recently. Durin’ the war he was a gunner in Fifty Squadron in the RAF. He got shot down one time...on a raid to Essen and even though he managed to bail out, he was badly injured. I asked him once, why he’d joined the raf and he said...they got the best women... (Laughter in the hall. She nods, upset) Which they did... Eddie stares at Rita
102) 2) dialog: But then he said, you had to do somethin’. And he’d always wanted to go up in a plane... Her jaw tightens; she feels the cause start to flood through her veins.
102) 3) dialog: You had to do somethin’...That was a given. Cause it was a matter of principle. You had to stand up; do what was right, ‘cause otherwise you wouldn’t be able to look yourself in the mirror. (stares at hall) When did that change? When did we, in this country, start bein’ happy, to do nothin’? On what day did we decide we had no duty to fairness no more? (The hall is silent. She nods slightly) It has NOT changed. (MORE)
102) 6) dialog: That is NOT us...It is not you...And we are only in this situation now, where women get paid less money than men for doing the same work... (lets it sink in. Nods) -because we was tricked. Those in power kept tellin’ us: it’s fine. You don’t need to do the right thing cause there’s nothin’ needs fixin’. And they said it for so long, we ended up believin’ it was right....Well it ain’t right! Calls of support. Heads nod in agreement.
102) 7) dialog: It was wrong at the start, it’s wrong now, and it’ll be wrong forever!- (shouts of agreement) -unless you back us, you stand up, you remember who you are and you accept, that this is a matter of principle. Women are entitled to the same rates of pay as men. And that is it. No matter the cost, no Matter the difficulty, no matter them that are gonna lose out, no human being should be punished in the workplace cause’ve how they was born! (Cheers. Rita calls above them-) We are the working classes. The men and the women. We are the furnace which fires the world and without us no-body earns tuppence h’appenny! (big cheer) We are not separated by sex, only by the will of those who are not prepared to go into battle for what is right - and those who are! The hall erupts. And leaps to its feet. Eddie sways.
103) 5) dialog: We got no money-
103) 9) dialog: (nods ) Yeah. ‘Cept we ain’t there yet, Brenda- She stops. She is looking over Brenda’s shoulder, to the other side of revolving doors, where she can see, on the spot where he has been spat out, Eddie. He stares in at Rita. Then, suddenly, he turns and hurries off-
104) 0) text: Rita runs after the retreating Eddie. She calls out to him.
104) 1) dialog: Eddie...Eddie! (he finally stops; turns) What you doin’ here? He looks at her; slightly confused. Then...
104) 6) dialog: Eddie! He turns again. She shakes her head.
104) 7) dialog: You’ve said some stupid things in your time but... She runs to him, embraces him and kisses him hard on the mouth. She steps back. He looks stunned.
104) 8) dialog: Of course you backin’ me makes a difference. It makes all the difference in the world. She kisses him again.
107) 0) text: Eddie’s motorcycle pulls up outside Rita’s house. Albert waits by the door. Rita looks concerned and quickly jumps out of the side car, hurrying over to him. For once he doesn’t look entirely in control of his emotions-
107) 2) dialog: Bloody ‘ell! She grins, thrilled! INT. RITA’S HOUSE - DAY 155 Now Rita looks concerned as she roots through her wardrobe. She pulls out a dress and turns, holding it up. Albert sits on a chair beside Eddie, Eddie still in his bike gear, sitting on the bed, both gazing across at the impromptu fashion show like rabbits caught in a full headlight glare.
107) 3) dialog: Too short. She nods in agreement. Then she looks back and selects another outfit. This she holds up.
107) 4) dialog: Too formal. She nods and she grabs another. She holds this up. But this time she doesn’t say anything. She looks to the lads. Albert jumps at the opportunity-
107) 9) dialog: You hate it... She looks back to the wardrobe. The lads glance at each other appalled.
107) 10) dialog: I ain’t got anythin’ that’s right- And then Rita stops; has an idea...
108) 0) text: Hopkins is back at home. He stares sickly at the front page of the Telegraph which records the ongoing horror of Ford's plummeting sales figures. Then the door bell rings. Hopkins waits for Lisa to answer. But it rings again. He sighs and stands, crossing to the door. He opens it. Rita. He is stunned.
108) 1) dialog: S’'alright. I ain’t come to see you. It’s your missus I wanna talk to. Lisa steps forward from behind Hopkins.
108) 4) dialog: I need a favour. Hopkins is agog. Lisa nods.
110) 0) text: Rita strides through Dagenham. Pull back. She wears Lisa’s Biba dress. Ahead, the other girls wait for her.
112) 9) dialog: If you could just...can we get through please- (she, too, is struggling) You’re blockin’ the way. You-
112) 11) dialog: Connie- The door opens and an undersecretary steps out.
112) 13) dialog: 
112) 20) dialog: 
112) 25) dialog: Cope? How will we cope? She is aware of Connie beside her. Eileen, Sandra and Brenda, too. Rita looks back to the reporter.
112) 29) dialog: We’re women. Now don’t ask such stupid questions. Rita turns to Connie and leads the girls back inside.
115) 0) text: Brenda and Sandra look out of a window, pointing out the sights. But they’re nervous. As is Connie who glances to the door. But Rita, who is beside her, sitting on a sofa, can concentrate only on her friend. Finally-
115) 1) dialog: Connie- Connie turns. Rita speaks with a hushed voice. She smiles. Then fudges it-
115) 2) dialog: Thanks for comin’.
115) 5) dialog: I’m so sorry-—
116) 1) dialog: Mrs Castle? She turns and smiles
116) 3) dialog: I’m pleased to meet you.
116) 8) dialog: Sorry. This is Connie, Brenda and Sandra.
117) 0) text: Tooley is waiting still. He is brought a second cup of tea. He looks irritated.
118) 0) text: Mrs Castle places her jacket on her chair. She’s delaying. Then she turns to Rita who sits directly opposite, a small table between them.
118) 3) dialog: What?
118) 5) dialog: What is, that’s worth havin’? Mrs Castle makes to retort then stops and considers the girls. This is difficult. But she drives on-
118) 7) dialog: No! The girls were all thinking it but Rita’s vehemence still surprises.
118) 9) dialog: That ain’t good enough- (Barbara makes to speak) We want somethin’ now! Somethin’ solid-
118) 13) dialog: You got the authority, you- (upset) We thought...seein’ you, we’d-
118) 15) dialog: We ain’t politicians! We’re workin’ women. And so are you! Mrs Castle blinks. Rita too. A beat. Then Mrs Castle straightens.
118) 17) dialog: Excuse me?
118) 19) dialog: We'd need...guarantee of an Equal Pay Act and...an immediate and...considerable movement towards the male rate at Ford. Mrs Castle considers them. Her eyes narrow.
118) 21) dialog: Ninety. Mrs Castle’s eyes widen.
120) 0) text: The women sit on the edges of their seats and wait. Rita feels self conscious.
120) 1) dialog: I wasn't too...aggressive?
122) 7) dialog: Thank you! Mrs Castle grabs a glass and toasts with Rita. Brenda smiles and looks to Connie who is grinning, too.
123) 0) text: The women look tired as well as happy as they walk into the sunlight. Mrs Castle stops as they are greeted by camera flashes, and turns to Rita.
123) 2) dialog: And that’s C and A. I’ve got one at home... Seems we all dressed up... And you dressed down... Who did that put at an advantage do you think? Mrs Castle laughs.
123) 3) dialog: After you.