1) 0) text: On another part of the estate, a much younger woman, SANDRA, emerges from a flat, waves to her mum on a balcony above and hops onto her bike. She wobbles off, the white patent leather boots she is wearing make balance something of a challenge.
2) 0) text: Sandra filters in with the great tide of cyclists pouring from the Estate beneath the baking sun. We see them from high above. Sandra spots Eddie and Rita, calls out and speeds up to join them.
3) 0) text: The tide has become a flood as more and more cyclists freewheel through town and down a hill towards a massive industrial complex with a blue neon sign above it: FORD MOTORS. As they approach the factory, the cyclists diverge, men one way, women the other. Several people stop and kiss at the point of divergence, including Eddie and Rita. Then he pushes off towards the Main Plant, brand new and state of the art while she turns her bike towards a crumbling nineteen twenties monolith the River Plant. We follow Rita, as she cycles between the blackened, paint peeled buildings to a series of bike racks, There, along with Sandra, Eileen, Brenda and Monica, she dismounts and glancing at the hot sun, passes into the factory. MUSIC
9) 7) dialog: Who’s next, then? Sandra, in a much shorter skirt than the others, also with a bee hive hair-do, wears a sash which says 21 TODAY and sways alarmingly.
9) 9) dialog: You’re jokin’...
9) 11) dialog: (to Rita) I’1l have a snowball...Come on, George. You ain’t tripped the whatsit with me yet, have you? She weaves back onto the floor and is soon involved in something very sixties and very unstable. Rita watches her, then looks back to George uneasily. He starts to move, but it’s an effort-—
10) 0) text: Sandra sways. Then Dave and Eileen take her by either arm and set off, to escort her home. Finally, Rita and Eddie are left alone in the still night air. Rita takes a deep, contented breath. Then she kisses Eddie on the mouth.
26) 5) dialog: We want respect! Rita and Brenda turn to Sandra. She wears tight slacks, a tight blouse and is heavily made up.
26) 9) dialog: They’re amazin’, aren't they? Me best friend showed me how.
26) 11) dialog: And I’m demonstratin’... (conspiratorially) There’s scouts everywhere! That’s how Twiggy got discovered. Just walkin’ down the street-
29) 24) dialog: It’ll be fine- And the rain comes. Squeals from the girls as they rush about and gather up stuff.
29) 27) dialog: And I promised me mum I'd cook tea.
34) 0) text: Rita places her bike in the rack. She smiles as Brenda dismounts, too. But then, both stare open mouthed as Sandra arrives - in a pair of tiny shorts and a blouse tied just below the bust. Sandra struggles to get her leg over the bike seat.
34) 4) dialog: They’re hot pants. They’re Mary Quant’s-—
34) 7) dialog: Course, I can...And it’s what Brenda said, innit: it ain’t Knightsbridge...Dagenham. So if you're gonna get spotted, you have to stand out that bit more. Well, I am doin’... She walks off. Brenda watches her, then looks to Rita.
37) 0) text: Rita finishes an item, then notices Sandra, tongue out, carefully completing a piece. She is pleased. Then the hooter goes and the girls look across, on the point of getting dressed. But it is Brian, so they simply continue. He looks frustrated. Then scared; as he realises he must enter anyway. This he does and at every bench the women jiggle their bits, wolf whistle and generally make life hell for him.
45) 0) text: Rita addresses a crowd of onlookers. Thirty or so girls are gathered around her, including Connie and Sandra who hold up a banner proclaiming: SUPPORT THE FORD MACHINISTS. Passing are a group of West Ham fans on the way to a match with scarves and rattles. Several stop and listen. Rita sounds much smoother.
51) 5) dialog: Where’s all the press, then?
54) 2) text: Through the laughter, Sandra is suddenly aware that photographers are taking pictures. She skips over to them. Rita turns to the approaching press.
54) 6) dialog: It's quite interesting, politics. When you get down to it.
61) 0) text: The girls drive back from Halewood. Rita, sitting at the front, with Connie beside her, glances out over burnished countryside, a low red sun throbbing in the sky. Across the aisle, also at the front, Sandra has a transistor radio on her lap, a single ear piece in. She starts to sing, quietly as she looks out of the window-
61) 3) dialog: Once upon a time, there was a tavern, where we used to raise a glass or two- (Brenda, next to her, looks across) Remember how we laughed away the hours- Brenda starts to sing. And then Connie joins in.
69) 9) dialog: What they doin’ here? Three or four policemen get out of the van.
81) 60) dialog: What?... (realises what she’s being asked) Oh... No thanks.
81) 62) dialog: No I’m fine. I got to go actually. She gets up finds her bag
81) 63) dialog: I’1l see you all later. Monica enters as Sandra goes.
82) 0) text: Sandra stands very upright in the phone box. She looks agitated. The ‘phone rings and she grabs it.
82) 1) dialog: Hello- (posher) Hello...Yes...Yes, it is...That’s right. I got your note, thank you. I was... busy when you come round- (stops; listens) What? (excited) Really...? (listens; then looks worried) Oh, I see...Well, I dunno, about that, I- (listens; brightens) Yeah? That would be nice...I mean, it makes sense, dunnit...Okay. Thank you. She hangs up. She looks dry mouthed. But set on a course.
85) 0) text: Sandra waits outside the factory. She looks nervous. She walks in.
86) 0) text: Music plays quietly in the background as a photographer in his late forties, bearded, leans in towards Sandra. She wears an evening dress and long gloves. She is positioned between the harsh machinery of the shop floor and a brand new Ford Executive Saloon.
86) 4) dialog: Like that? She twists. Looks over one shoulder. She’s a natural.
87) 0) text: Sandra sits before a mirror, staring at herself. Then, in the mirror, she sees Rita enter at the back of the waggon. She turns. A moment.
87) 1) dialog: It’s all I’ve ever wanted.
87) 5) dialog: I don’t really care about equal pay...Still a shitty factory, with dead birds and rain comin’ in and like a sauna in the summer and dirty and- (cries; screws up face) I want more, Rita- And now she’s crying. Rita runs across.
87) 7) dialog: Tooley said he’d shown me photo...Out the paper...And this photographer’d said I’d got what it took-
87) 9) dialog: It's for a brochure. Only trade but it could lead on...Foot in the door, you know- (breath catches) I don’t wanna let you down. I just-
87) 11) dialog: But...They won’t use the photos, unless,
87) 15) text: Rita walks out. Sandra looks pale.
88) 0) text: The photographer, now back, glances across to Brenda and Eileen, nervously. And then Tooley suddenly appears. He looks worried. He sees the two women also, and fears the worst. But then, the far door opens and Sandra walks in. She looks scared but determined as she crosses the shop floor-
88) 2) dialog: How’s that look? Tooley trembles with suppressed rage.
103) 6) dialog: We’re all signin’ it to Monty’s room- The girls laugh. The scots delegate pats Rita on the back. Some speech. Rita nods, but she is exhausted. Brenda smiles at her.
115) 0) text: Brenda and Sandra look out of a window, pointing out the sights. But they’re nervous. As is Connie who glances to the door. But Rita, who is beside her, sitting on a sofa, can concentrate only on her friend. Finally-