22) 0) text: A BASKETBALL comes out of nowhere and KNOCKS THE CRUTCH O from under the CRIPPLE, sending him ass-up on the asphalt Prisoners JEER. FREEK (quiet, conspiratorial)
22) 2) text: My name is Tillman, freak. FREEK
22) 3) text: Tillmans, yeah, Tillmans, I knew that, they said you name's was Tillmans... just sittin, always sittin, always lookin, just lookin... like me, I keep my holes down... you got to, man... a dude inevitably start to break up, start to crack and break up everyday, never know you gonna die today or live another two, three. You never do know. All these niggaz gonna snap, snap, snap, one by one, every last one, all of em. Yeah but not you. Twenty seven battles and three to go... no one ever got that close before, no one even done ten games without gettin they brains shot... but Kable, Kable, Kable, he just sittin, lookin, like he got a plan, he already somewhere else, he on a mission, nothin' get in his way, never break, never snap, never say shit, just take care of his business, niggaz get spooked by that shit. You spooky. KABLE turns slowly to look him in the eye, says nothing. FREEK (cont'd)
50) 13) text: FREEK is there.
50) 14) dialog: Tillmans.
50) 16) dialog: New dude, new dude... that's Hackman. They say he killed a whole mess of people, all kind of people... one day he just walk up and turn himself in, like he wanna be inside or some shit... never gonna run out of slayers long as they got that kind of motherfucka run around kill a mess of people...
61) 11) text: KABLE doesn't even register this. His darting eyes pick u familiar face in the chaos: FREEK. FREEK has apparently volunteered as a generi-con - he is dressed as a postman, pulling a cart of mail behind him a walks across the street.
61) 12) dialog: (mumbling) Gotta keep my holes down... keep `em down. Freek's gonna make it, gonna cut, gonna scatter... gonna burn this joint...
61) 13) text: It all happens too quickly: A BROWN scrambles behind FREE and ducks down, using him as a moving human shield; squee off a few shots - FREEK is chopped up by incoming gunfire the BROWN keeps running... there's nothing KABLE can do. An explosion nearby pushes them forward.