4) 0) text: Bob's black Presidential (looks like a 60's diplomat's ca pulls up at the entrance of the Park Hyatt, a modern sky  rise. The automatic doors open on the car, as Bob gets out.   E BELLHOPS with white gloves approach at the sight of the c welcoming Bob and helping him with his bags.
5) 0) text: Bob stands in the back of a crowded elevator surrounded b Japanese businessmen below his shoulders. The elevator stops at the 50th floor and the doors open o the massive, streamline lobby of the Park Hyatt. Bob follows the JAPANESE BUSINESSMEN out into the marble glass lobby that frames the view of Tokyo. The CONCIERGE and several eager HOTEL MANAGERS greet Bob. just wants to sleep, but more STAFF continue to greet him ask him about his fright. They lead him to reception.
6) 0) text: At the reception area four JAPANESE BUSINESSMEN and two W quickly sit up from their seats on sight of Bob, and exte handshakes and gifts. They bow and introduce themselves f the commercial company, extend name cards and welcome him enthusiastically. More staff welcomes him and offer their service during hi stay. One of them presents a fax that has come for him.
7) 0) text: Bob sits on the end of the bed in a too small hotel kimon
8) 0) text: Bob sits at the bar. A few minutes pass as he sits in sil looking around, drinking a scotch.  Chet Baker sings "The Thrill is Gone" over the stereo. We see Bob's POV of tables of people talking. JAPANESE WO SMOKING, AMERICAN BUSINESSMEN tying one on, talking about software sales. A WAITER carefully setting down a coaster and pouring a beer very, very slowly. It's all very forei
10) 0) text: Bob gets in the shower overlooking the view of Tokyo. The shower head is at his elbows, he raises it as high as it  goes, and leans down to have a shower. This hotel was not designed with him in mind.
11) 2) text: Bob wonders what she's leaving out, or if that's the way works from Japanese to English.
11) 3) dialog: That's all he said?
11) 5) text: Bob thinks let's just get it over with.
11) 6) dialog: Turn left or right?
11) 9) dialog: Is that everything? It seemed like  he was saying a lot more.
11) 10) text: The excited Director says more in Japanese. Translator no in understanding. Bob doesn't really know what's going on
11) 13) text: They get ready, and roll camera: Bob turns and looks suavely to the camera:
11) 14) dialog: For relaxing times, make it Suntory  Time.
11) 17) dialog: Okay.
11) 18) text: The Translator answers for him in four sentences. ON THE MONITOR - we see the next take: the moody lighting shines on Bob, the camera gets closer as he stares into c and gives them the line.
11) 19) dialog: For relaxing times, make it Suntory  Time.
13) 0) text: Tall glass walls show the neon and high-rises of the city A sad and romantic Bill Evans song plays. Bob sits alone  with a scotch at the bar. Some drunk AMERICAN BUSINESSMEN, with their ties thrown o their shoulders recognize him.
13) 4) text: Bob  nods.
14) 0) text: Bob comes back to his room. The maids have left everythin perfect, his beige bed is turned down, and the TV has bee left on to a channel playing a montage of flower close-up in nature while sad violin music plays. It's supposed to relaxing, but it's just sad.
14) 3) dialog: Yes?
14) 5) dialog: Oh?
14) 7) text: He pauses, then opens the door. A WOMAN in her forties in a short tight leather mini skir and stockings comes in. She is wearing '60s style make-up Bob sits on the bed not sure what to do as he watches her Bob's POV - We see her back to us as she puts a CD on the stereo - it begins to play: Serge Gainsberg and Brigitte  Bardot sing "Bonnie &amp; Clyde".  The woman turns slyly and shimmies over to Bob.
14) 9) dialog: Yes?
14) 11) dialog: I don't think so.
14) 15) dialog: Yes?
14) 24) dialog: Huh?
14) 26) dialog: Oh, you want me to rip them?
14) 31) text: She pulls a confused Bob down on top of her. He doesn't k what she wants. She rips another stocking and pins him on the ground. He  tries to crawl away, she grabs his leg and trips him. He  grabs a nearby table leg as he falls, the lamp crashes to the floor, the room goes black.
14) 32) dialog: I think you should leave.
15) 0) text: In the harsh sunlight of the big windows Bob eats breakfa alone. Next to him is a table of TEXANS in cowboy hats. A another table a JAPANESE COUPLE in sunglasses chain smoke and drink coffee.
16) 0) text: Bob gets into the ded elevator. He is stopped momentarily the Concierge who asks him if everything is fine for his  stay. In the elevator Bob's surrounded by JAPANESE BUSINESSPEOP and a FAMILY dressed for a wedding. Across, at the other side of the elevator he sees CHARLOT a pretty Ivy-league girl in her mid-twenties, and the onl other Westerner in the elevator. Her honey-colored hair s out in the crowd. She's looking at him like you do when someone new comes i the elevator, but the Japanese look straight ahead at the elevator doors. Charlotte and Bob look at each other across the Japanese  heads. She smiles, from one foreigner to another. The doo opens and she gets out with the crowd. Bob watches her le
16) 4) text: Bob feigns enthusiasm briefly.
16) 6) dialog: I'll have to see about that.
17) 0) text: Bob's back is to us as a MAKE-UP ARTIST is putting some f touches on him. The PHOTOGRAPHER is giving her enthusiast direction in Japanese. Bob talks on his cell phone, not p attention to the make-up artist.
17) 1) dialog: Can you get me on a flight Thursday  night?
17) 3) dialog: Yeah, they told me.
17) 5) dialog: Just get me out of here as soon as  you can.
17) 7) dialog: Oh, great. I'll talk to you later,  bye.
17) 8) text: He hangs up. The make-up artist dusts him with powder. The commercial people are crowding around. Bob's chair is swivelled around and we see him in his tuxedo, wearing to much make-up and some weird looking eyeliner. In front of a grey backdrop, moody lighting is being adju and Bob is handed a bottle of Suntory. small documentary crew moves in on Bob with a video camer the camera man is tilting the camera at his face in arty  dutch camera moves. The agency people crowd around. The photographer is excit and urges Bob to do dumb poses, he won't do.
17) 11) dialog: Urn, I don't think so. How bout I  just hold the bottle.
17) 12) text: The photographer starts shooting. Bob obviously hates the whole thing, what you do for money.
18) 0) text: Bob, still in his tuxedo and make-up from the shoot, sits alone having a drink. A JAZZ BAND FROM SAUSALITO performs The SINGER is a middle-aged woman with red wavy hair, dre in red, and takes her singing very seriously. She sings a slow version of "Parsley, Sage, Rosemary and Thyme". C.U. - a golden beer is poured very slowly. Bob drinks his scotch, hoping it will all go away. Across the bar, Charlotte sits with JOHN, her husband (he in his late twenties and sloppy in a fashionable way), an some FRIENDS - super stylish, weird Japanese fashion peop (all smoking). One of them, CHARLIE, in a shiny suit, kee taking pictures, and showing them magazine layouts.
18) 2) text: Charlotte laughs and looks down, the Japanese audience cl very seriously... she and Bob catch eyes - about Sausalit and how weird it is there.
19) 0) text: The mirrored elevator doors close and Bob sees himself cl up in the elevator's mirrored walls - noticing the heavy  makeup and weird eyeliner from the shoot which he had  forgotten about. He looks at himself.
21) 0) text: Bob lies in bed awake. The clock says 4:20. The in-room fax machine is making noise as a fax rolls in Bob looks at the fax machine but doesn't get out of bed. The fax curls and falls to the floor.
22) 0) text: The gym is empty except for an old man vacuuming. Bob pas piles of little towels and bottles of water. He takes a w for his workout. He approaches an exercise machine and puts the water in t drink holder of the machine. He looks at the lit-up  instruction panel'99 it is all in Japanese. He pushes a button, and the machine starts beeping, then soothing woman's voice recites instructions in Japanese. He gets on it, and sinks. He tries to make the arms and f peddles coordinate. He pushes a button and it starts movi too fast. In an upward rotation he tries to reach the con panel, but is not fast enough. The soothing woman's voice continues instruction.(she occasionally includes an Engli word- gently,   gently...vigorous)   He tries to keep up  with it, and tries again to push the right button to slow down, but the machine steps starts going swiftly backward instead.
23) 0) text: The agency group wait for Bob. They stand up as he approa from the elevator, trying to mask a slight limp.
23) 1) dialog: (everything's fine) Good morning.
26) 0) text: Bob sits alone at the bar. Charlotte sits down a seat awa from him, lost in his thoughts, he doesn't see her until turns and finds her next to him. They look at each other. young BARTENDER with a sweet face tends to them.
26) 3) dialog: (line from commercial) For relaxing times, make itВ— BOB &amp; BARTENDER 'Suntory time'!
26) 6) dialog: My wife needs space, I don't know my  kids ' birthdays.  Everyone wants  Tiger Woods, but they could get me,  so I'm here doing a whiskey  commercial.
26) 12) dialog: What about you? Why are you here?
26) 14) dialog: How long have you been married?
26) 16) dialog: Try twenty-five.
26) 18) dialog: I'm thinking about it.
26) 20) dialog: Yes... I don't know, I don't know  her anymore. I don't know if you can  be in love with one person the whole  time. I was... actually I was in  love with her sister first, when I  was twenty-one. And one day her sister  said to me she wanted to move to  Paris, so I said okay, and she said  no, she wanted to move to Paris with  Francois,   and she's still married  to him. And I moved in with Lydia...  but I always really liked Lydia.
26) 22) dialog: What do you do?
26) 24) dialog: What did you study?
26) 26) dialog: Oh, what do you do with that?
26) 28) dialog: It takes a while to figure it out.  I'm sure you will, though.
26) 30) dialog: Thanks.
29) 0) text: An Olympic pool is framed by tall glass walls with the To view. Bob is handed a swim cap and goggles. Bob watches a Japanese BUSINESSMAN swimming, he looks lik an over-grown baby. Bob swims laps in the pristine pool. He continues his laps. Under water he sees the jumping le of MIDDLE-AGED WOMEN. A disco mixed tape starts, and above water we see a WESTE INSTRUCTOR in tight shorts leading an aqua-aerobics class the group of WOMEN, They jump up and down to Sister Sledg
30) 0) text: Bob walks past the rows of lockers to the Sauna room. He sits in the sauna, two HOTEL GUESTS speak German in th corner. Bob comes out from the sauna, red and sweaty.
36) 13) text: Charlotte excuses herself. She passes Bob who sits at his usual spot at the bar, as is leaving.
36) 15) dialog: Who do I have to fuck to get off  this planet?
52) 0) text: Leaving in her robe, Charlotte runs into Bob, in his robe going to the pool.
52) 2) dialog: (awkward, but glad to  run into her) Hi. Did you have a nice swim?
52) 4) dialog: No, how about you?
52) 6) dialog: I'm here for the week.
52) 8) dialog: Ok.
53) 0) text: As Bob opens his door to his room, a FedEx package falls his path. He opens it - large carpet swatches fall out with a note
54) 0) text: The elaborate chiming doorbell rings. Charlotte opens the door to see Bob. He's wearing an oran camouflage T-shirt. She looks at his shirt, suppressing a smile.
54) 2) dialog: (embarrassed) I know, it's stupid.
54) 4) dialog: A Soul's Search: Finding Your True  Calling - are you reading this?
54) 7) dialog: I read it, too.
55) 0) text: All white nightclub, lit with black lights so it seems to glow in the dark, with the booming sound of helicopters.  JAPANESE GALLAGER BROTHERS walk by. Bob watches Charlotte as Charlie, in a crazy outfit, hugs her.  Charlotte tries to talk to Bob over the loud music.
55) 2) dialog: Hi, Charlie.
55) 5) text: Bob looks over at some SKINNY GUY in huge glasses smiling them. Charlie hands them some drinks.
55) 8) text: A young SHY GUY with a shaved head smiles at her, and tak her picture. A JAPANESE KRAFTWERK COVER-BAND plays Trans Europa Expres Some people at the bar buy drinks for Bob and insist on  drinking with him. Bob and Charlotte look over as Charlie gets into some pro with the BARTENDER.  The Bartender gets mad and starts  shooting a real-looking BB gun at him. Orange bullets fly through the air. They all rush out of there.
56) 0) text: Bob and Charlotte try to get past the crowd at the entran A big BOUNCER stops them and is yelling fast Japanese at  him. The crowd parts as the Bartender emerges shooting his BB  gun, and Bob and Charlotte run for it.
57) 0) text: Bob and Charlotte run past the blinking machines, and  gamblers, to another door to the street.
58) 0) text: Bob spots a cab and they run to it, seeing Charlie now  throwing bottles in the direction of the bartender. Bob and Charlotte get in the cab.
59) 0) text: Charlotte hits her head as they get in. Bob yells to the  driver to go, but he doesn't understand. Through the windshield they see the Bartender and sidekic coming with baseball bats. They hear a bang on the door and Charlie hops in. He make sure she is ok and shouts something to the Driver, and th speed away.
60) 6) text: He tries wigs on her. He puts a light pink wig on her and beams. Bob smokes and watches.
60) 12) dialog: No way.
61) 4) dialog: Ok.
62) 0) text: NOBU, a cool skinny stoner guy in a Hawaiian shirt, plays phsycadellic records in his seventies hippie surfer-pad. His JAPANESE  GIRLFRIEND, who looks like a 60's pin-up, pours cold sake. Bob is  handed a ridiculously big bong. Charlie is drunk and taking polaroids. Nobu, really stoned, talks to Bob about surfing. A SHORT GUY with thick glasses introduces himself to  Charlotte, extending his hand.
63) 0) text: Bob and Charlotte are leaving Nobu's. She's wearing Bob's jacket.
63) 2) dialog: I will.
63) 3) text: Bob takes Charlotte's arm carefully just as she bangs her head walking into the glass door - it makes a loud thud.
63) 4) dialog: Are you ok?
63) 5) text: She nods. Bob looks back at Charlie who is watching- she' fine. He leads her into a waiting cab.
65) 2) dialog: I know. I don't either.
66) 0) text: Bob carries a very drunk Charlotte to her room. Her purse dangling from his arm.
69) 0) text: Bob comes back to his room, tripping over the carpet samp He makes a phone call from bed. He's still a little drunk and thinking about his night out in Tokyo.
69) 1) dialog: Lydia?
69) 3) dialog: Lydia, I went to this great house  tonight, this guy designed and built,  you would have loved it.
69) 5) dialog: He was this fashion guy, and there  were all these Japanese fashion people- it's a whole other world, and I was  talking to these Japanese surfers...   He was playing all this great music-  I have to find out what it was...
69) 11) dialog: Yeah, its really different here.
69) 13) dialog: It's four in the morning... I'm going  to go to sleep.
69) 15) dialog: I love you, too, good-night, or good- morning .
71) 0) text: Bob (still in camouflage T-shirt from last night) answers the phone by his bed.
71) 1) dialog: (grumbly) Hello?
71) 3) dialog: Charlotte, who?
71) 6) dialog: Of course.
71) 9) dialog: Yeah, I'm going to take a shower and  I'll meet you downstairs.
72) 0) text: They sit in the bright light. She squints and drinks a Bl Mary. Bob is distant. She looks across at two middle-aged MID-WESTERN WOMEN tal about plastic surgery, you can't hear them, but can tell they gesture and one pulls her eye lids up. Charlotte looks at another table by the elaborate buffet sees the redhead Singer having breakfast with the rest of Sausalito.
72) 2) dialog: I see them every morning.
74) 0) text: Bob opens the door, Charlotte's standing there trying to  look casual, she's happy to see him (she's put some pants and flip flops instead of her dumb looking Ugg boots). She knocks into a low table, bumping her knee as she come in. Bob pours some cold sake, smoothly. Bob and Charlotte watch La Dolce Vita with Japanese subti on the TV.
74) 1) dialog: Hans was very attentive to you.
74) 3) dialog: No, its easy.
74) 5) dialog: I don't know.
74) 9) dialog: But the first time I saw you was in  the elevator.
74) 11) dialog: Yeah, you don't remember?
74) 14) dialog: No, you smiled.
74) 16) dialog: I know, I kind of blend in here.
74) 19) dialog: I don't know. My fax said "have a  good fright".
74) 21) dialog: Ok, whatever you want.
74) 23) dialog: No, I was looking at you.
74) 25) dialog: I got a fax today from your friend  Hiromix.
74) 27) dialog: No, for a candlelight dinner, yes,  for her show.
74) 29) dialog: You're possessive.
74) 33) dialog: No, yes, it does...
74) 35) dialog: Thanks. It does, the more you know  who you are... you don't care about  things the same way...
74) 37) dialog: You'll figure it out. I'm not worried  about you. Keep writing.
74) 39) dialog: That's ok.
74) 41) dialog: It's hard. We started going to a  marriage counselor.
74) 43) dialog: We established that we have no  communication.
74) 45) dialog: We used to have fun, she used to  like to go to places with me for my  movies and we would laugh at all the  weirdos, but now she's tired of it  all. She never wants to leave the  kids, she doesn't need me, and they  don't need me, I feel like I'm in  the way. It gets complicated when  you have kids... that changes  everything.
74) 47) dialog: When they're born its like Vietnam.  It's terrifying.
74) 49) dialog: But, it's great being with them,  after they can talk, and can do things  with you.
74) 51) dialog: Where'd you grow up?
74) 54) dialog: I know.
74) 56) dialog: You are.
74) 60) dialog: Because that would be too easy.
75) 0) text: Full of life, Bob plays basketball with some local guys. All over the court, and towering over the other players, dominates the game.
76) 0) text: Bob looks at himself in the bathroom mirror, he feels his stubble and sees that it's turning grey. He opens the hotel shaving kit. He squirts shaving cream  from the child-size can. Even the razor is small. He cove his face with shaving cream when the phone rings.
76) 1) dialog: Hello?
76) 3) dialog: Ok.
76) 5) dialog: (sarcastic) Great.
77) 0) text: Bob gets out of the elevator- the Suntory group is waitin for him. He ducks behind a wall and sneaks out a side ent of the hotel.
78) 0) text: Bob comes out of the hotel into the sunlight. The street crowded with MOTORCYCLE GANGS going by, one waves a big f Bob watches the strange scene in the street for a moment, and then makes his way past.
79) 1) dialog: Miss Kawasaki? It's Bob Harris...  I'm not going to be able to do that  interview today.., yeah... ok....  Yes, I'd love to stay to be on his  talk show... sure.. ok... bye.
79) 5) dialog: They really have to work on that  street name thing.
79) 9) dialog: It's for my daughter.
79) 11) dialog: Four.
79) 13) text: The Sushi Chef gives him perfect little pieces of sushi o banana leaf. Charlotte takes a bite of a piece - but it won't break, s she has to stuff the whole thing in her mouth, embarrasse Bob makes fun of her gracelessness.
79) 14) dialog: Nice one.
79) 17) dialog: What happened to your toe?
79) 20) dialog: That doesn't look good.
79) 23) dialog: We should get you to the doctor.
79) 25) dialog: Yeah, look at that thing.
80) 0) text: Bob tries to get a taxi, finally one stops and they get i He tries to explain "hospital", he does pantomime, draws first aid cross, but the DRIVER doesn't understand. Charl is enjoying Bob's effort. Finally he finds a Park Hyatt matchbook and calls the hot number.
80) 1) dialog: How do you say "hospital" in Japanese?
80) 3) dialog: Hospital?
80) 7) dialog: Yes, can you tell me how to say  "hospital" in Japanese?
80) 9) dialog: Hosupitari? 
80) 10) text: He tells the Driver who looks at him funny. Bob says it a faster, with a Japanese accent. The driver nods excitedly and drives off.
81) 0) text: Bob and Charlotte walk in, looking around at where to go. Bob talks to a woman at the desk to explain what they nee
82) 0) text: Bob takes a seat in waiting area as Charlotte goes into a little room with a number on it. Bob waits next to a 100 year old lady.
84) 0) text: Bob looks around at all the Japanese gift stuff, and buys little stuffed bunny. His phone rings as he's paying for
84) 1) dialog: Hello?
84) 3) dialog: Oh, hi, Elaine.
84) 5) dialog: Ok.
84) 7) dialog: Yeah, I'll stay.
86) 0) text: Charlotte comes out where Bob waits with the little stuff bunny.
87) 0) text: Bob and Charlotte arrive back at the massive hotel, they  stroll in casually, she is carrying the stuffed rabbit in her arm.
88) 0) text: Bob reclines in the big Japanese wooden tub, steam rises he is turning red. His phone rings. He dries his hands qu to reach it before it stops ringing.
88) 1) dialog: Hello?
88) 3) dialog: Hi, Lydia.
88) 5) dialog: Uh, no.
88) 7) dialog: Ok, whatever you think... I'm lost.
88) 9) dialog: That's not what I'm talking about.
88) 11) dialog: I don't know.
88) 13) dialog: I don't know... I want to be more  healthy. I want to eat better.
88) 15) dialog: You know, eat healthier.
88) 17) dialog: Not all that pasta.
88) 19) dialog: Like Japanese food.
88) 21) dialog: Oh, come on.
88) 23) dialog: Yeah, I'll be fine. Bye.
89) 0) text: Bob rides in the back of a cab.
90) 0) text: Bob's cab pulls up at an empty office building.
91) 0) text: Bob looks at a fax from Charlotte with a map, wondering i he's in the right place. It's quiet and looks like a gene office building. He goes in the little metal elevator, and the door opens the 8th floor onto a little nightclub you would have neve thought was there.
92) 0) text: Lights strobe and Peaches' seedy "Fuck the Pain Away" boo through the speakers. Tan JAPANESE STRIPPERS with platinum hair dance and hang  from a pole on a little platform. Bob sits alone on a brown ultra suede couch feeling out o place and empty. He looks over at a table of young AMERICAN INVESTMENT BRO He wishes he wasn't there, but tries to seem comfortable. Charlotte shows up with Charlie and the other guys. She s down next to him, and gives him an 'are you going to kill me?' look.
92) 2) text: He looks at her like it's been forever. She smiles for  forgiveness. They look over and see a WEIRD GUY in the corner getting lap dance, they look at each other, sharing the joke of t place, but both uncomfortable about the sexuality of it. Through a beaded curtain, Charlie and Bambi get lap dance in a dark corner of pillows. Charlotte looks at Bob.
93) 0) text: Bob and Charlotte go up to a cab, but the driver refuses  them. They don't know why, but just make their way down a empty side street. Little plastic cherry blossom decorati hang above them.
93) 1) dialog: Where's your husband?
93) 3) dialog: Do you ever see him?
93) 5) dialog: Do you know where we are?
94) 0) text: As they make their way back, they pass a lounge off the l It's late, it's pretty empty,  a housekeeper vacuums and  just a SLEEPING MAN sits in the back of the lounge, and a snuggled up romantic JAPANESE COUPLE sit close to: Kelly, the blonde actress, singing to them. She stands facing them with a karaoke mic singing "Nobody Does It Better" with all her heart. Bob and Charlotte look at each other and keep walking (tr to be invisible).
98) 0) text: Exciting music plays as the talk/game show starts. Bob, in an elegant suit, goes out to meet the HOST.
98) 3) dialog: (nodding) I enjoy the sport.
98) 4) text: The Translator translates - four sentences longer and wit added enthusiasm. After a few questions the Host excitedly announces someth to the AUDIENCE in Japanese. They scream, the lights flas Bob has no idea what's going on. A cloud of smoke reveals the IRON CHEF, with feathered ha wearing an 18th century waistcoat.  A large red chef hat placed on Bob's head.
98) 6) text: Bob looks around as a counter is pulled up to him and now Bob and the Iron Chef are at dueling counters. The Host b instructions in Japanese, an apron with a stuffed animal  lobster on it is tied around Bob, the crowd cheers - ther no way out.
99) 0) text: Bob rides in the back of the presidential, looking out th window at the city. He pulls a polaroid out of his pocket and looks at it. It Charlotte, peering over her shoulder with a little smile, from their sake-drenched night at Nobu's compound.
100) 0) text: Melodramatic '70s Japanese music plays. Bob sits alone, h himself, at the bar. The redheaded Jazz Singer takes a br and a seat next to him.
101) 0) text: In the harsh-morning light, Bob wakes up in his bed. He hears the Jazz Singer singing in the shower "Midnight the Oasis". Her red mane of hair passes frame as she ushers in room  service. She seems to have taken over the whole room. He  wants it all to go away. She walks off to the bathroom an there's a knock at the door. Bob rushes to get it before can. He opens the door a crack, Charlotte looking sweet, is  standing there. Her hair is back in a pony-tail. Bob's ju wearing a towel around his waist, and his hair is stickin up.
101) 4) dialog: Yes, but no, I can't right now.
101) 5) text: The singer starts singing again in the background. Charlotte gives Bob a look.
101) 7) dialog: I don't want to be.
102) 0) text: Bob is walking down the crowded street looking for Charlo when his cell phone rings.
102) 1) dialog: Hello?
102) 3) dialog: (can't hear) Hello?
102) 5) dialog: I couldn't hear you. How are you?
102) 7) dialog: It's ok.
102) 9) dialog: What?
102) 11) dialog: Yeah.
102) 15) dialog: That's ok.
102) 17) dialog: Tomorrow.
102) 19) dialog: Ok.
102) 22) dialog: Bye.
103) 2) dialog: No, we'll find something around here.
104) 0) text: Bob and Charlotte are seated at a big booth in a corny Sh Shabu restaurant.
104) 2) text: Bob looks at her like- don't make it worse.
104) 4) dialog: You're a brat, wasn't there anyone  else around to lavish you with  attention?
104) 8) dialog: We'll have two of these.
104) 10) dialog: What do you want to drink?
104) 13) dialog: So, where'd you go today.
106) 0) text: The fire alarm booms as the hotel guests and staff hurry of the hotel. Amidst the crowd of Hotel guests in their pajamas, Charlo finds Bob- he's wearing a kimono and slippers. She's in b shorts and an undershirt and slippers.
106) 1) dialog: I'm sorry.
106) 5) dialog: Tomorrow.
106) 7) dialog: That's what you said the other night.
107) 2) text: He sings "Where or When" with all his heart. Now, old-timers there, Bob and Charlotte look at each oth and chuckle.
107) 4) text: Bob and Charlotte sit there together.
107) 5) dialog: I don't want to go back tomorrow.
107) 7) dialog: Why can't it last?
108) 0) text: Bob and Charlotte, drunk in the elevator.
110) 0) text: A sexy EXECUTIVE WOMAN asks Bob for a light. He looks at great legs as he lights her cigarette. He looks around,  keeping an eye out for Charlotte. The group of commercial people arrive to see him off. He excuses himself for a moment and goes to a phone on a  little table in the corner. Bob picks up the house phone.
110) 2) dialog: Hello, can I have room 5601.
110) 6) text: Bob gets the room voice-mail.
110) 7) dialog: Uh...Hi, Charlotte... it's me, Bob...  ok, I guess you're not there... wanted  to say good-bye...
111) 0) text: Bob with his bags tries to call again. The commercial peo and hotel staff crowd around to help him, asking about hi stay.
111) 1) dialog: Charlotte?
111) 3) dialog: I'm just leaving.... do you have my  jacket?
111) 5) dialog: That'd be great.
111) 8) dialog: 0hr hi.
111) 11) dialog: Yeah, yeah, I'm going.
111) 13) dialog: I have to go, thanks, bye.
111) 16) dialog: Yes, no.
111) 18) dialog: Thanks.
111) 23) dialog: Yes.
111) 25) dialog: Thanks.
111) 27) text: She walks away. A hotel manager asks Bob about his luggage, another asks he had a pleasant stay. Charlotte gets in the elevator to out, the doors close on her back.
112) 0) text: It's bright outside the main entrance. A presidential pul up and the automatic door opens. Bob squints as the Bellb in white gloves slowly loads his luggage into the trunk.
113) 0) text: In the backseat, Bob leans back on the little doily. The car pulls away. Around the corner, he looks down a crowded alley and sees Charlotte's blonde hair.
113) 1) dialog: Can you pull over a second?
113) 2) text: The DRIVER, wearing white cloth gloves, pulls the car ove slowly. Bob tries to open the door'99 it won't open, he h to wait for the automatic doors to open for him (slowly).
114) 0) text: Bob gets out and rushes down the street to where he saw  Charlotte. The street is crowded with JAPANESE PEOPLE, an different colored umbrellas, (it's sunny out with a light rain). Music blasts from speakers on the street, and there is so promo going on with GIRLS handing out little cologne samp Bob looks around for her, but only sees dark hair, umbrel and super tan JAPANESE KIDS. In the distance an umbrella moves to reveal Charlotte.
114) 1) dialog: CHARLOTTE!
114) 3) dialog: Why are you crying?
114) 6) dialog: I know, I'm going to miss you, too.
115) 0) text: Back in the Presidential, alone, Bob leans against the li doily.  They drive off. He looks out the window, Bob's happy he's going home, he' happy he came to Tokyo. Bob's P.O.V.-  Tokyo goes past his window.