16) 0) text: Bob gets into the ded elevator. He is stopped momentarily the Concierge who asks him if everything is fine for his  stay. In the elevator Bob's surrounded by JAPANESE BUSINESSPEOP and a FAMILY dressed for a wedding. Across, at the other side of the elevator he sees CHARLOT a pretty Ivy-league girl in her mid-twenties, and the onl other Westerner in the elevator. Her honey-colored hair s out in the crowd. She's looking at him like you do when someone new comes i the elevator, but the Japanese look straight ahead at the elevator doors. Charlotte and Bob look at each other across the Japanese  heads. She smiles, from one foreigner to another. The doo opens and she gets out with the crowd. Bob watches her le
18) 0) text: Bob, still in his tuxedo and make-up from the shoot, sits alone having a drink. A JAZZ BAND FROM SAUSALITO performs The SINGER is a middle-aged woman with red wavy hair, dre in red, and takes her singing very seriously. She sings a slow version of "Parsley, Sage, Rosemary and Thyme". C.U. - a golden beer is poured very slowly. Bob drinks his scotch, hoping it will all go away. Across the bar, Charlotte sits with JOHN, her husband (he in his late twenties and sloppy in a fashionable way), an some FRIENDS - super stylish, weird Japanese fashion peop (all smoking). One of them, CHARLIE, in a shiny suit, kee taking pictures, and showing them magazine layouts.
18) 2) text: Charlotte laughs and looks down, the Japanese audience cl very seriously... she and Bob catch eyes - about Sausalit and how weird it is there.
20) 0) text: Charlotte lays close to her young husband, John. She look to see if he's awake, but he's sleeping soundly. She lean her chin on his shoulder.
20) 1) dialog: Are you awake?
20) 3) dialog: John?
24) 0) text: Charlotte gets out at shibuya station, a crowded neighbor filled with neon, ads, and people. She looks up at the huge intersection as tons of JAPANESE PEOPLE wait to cross the street, no one steps forward unt the cross-walk light changes, and all of them cross. A TV screen covering a building plays commercials. She roams around the narrow streets, crowded with stylish JAPANESE KIDS, tan SCHOOLGIRLS pass her.
25) 0) text: John is sound asleep. Charlotte is awake next to him. She looks at the clock - it's three a.m. She slides close to him, kisses his mouth. He grumbles  something in his deep sleep, and rolls over. She goes to the couch, stepping over camera equipment. She looks at the fruit basket, decides to try an apple. S has a piece but isn't really hungry. She reaches over some proof sheets and looks at a magazin but she's already looked at it a few times before. She de to go downstairs.
26) 0) text: Bob sits alone at the bar. Charlotte sits down a seat awa from him, lost in his thoughts, he doesn't see her until turns and finds her next to him. They look at each other. young BARTENDER with a sweet face tends to them.
26) 2) dialog: I'm not sure.
26) 4) text: Charlotte smiles at him sympathetically
26) 5) dialog: What are you doing here?
26) 8) dialog: Oh.
26) 10) dialog: I'll just have a beer.
26) 13) dialog: My husband's here for work-he's a  photographer- and I just came  along...I'm not really doing anything  right now, and we have some friends  who live here.
26) 15) dialog: Two years.
26) 17) dialog: You're probably just having a mid- life crisis. Did you buy a Porche?
26) 19) dialog: 25 years... that's a long time...  Are you still in love with your wife?
26) 21) dialog: (amused with too much  info) Oh.
26) 23) dialog: I'm not sure, yet... I graduated  last spring.
26) 25) dialog: Philosophy.
26) 27) dialog: I don't know, but I can think about  it, a lot.
26) 29) dialog: Thanks. I'm sure your mid-life crisis  will work out,too.
26) 32) dialog: I wish I could sleep BOB Me, too.
27) 0) text: The hotel is filled with business people. A dressed up FA is going to lunch. We follow a jet-lagged Charlotte and J as they walk down the lobby hall. An energetic blonde actress, KELLY, pops up to them. (She carrying a copy of Memoirs of a Geisha.) John, who was holding Charlotte's hand, drops it.
27) 10) dialog: Hi, nice to meet you.
27) 12) text: Charlotte looks at John.
27) 18) text: Kelly giggles. Charlotte smirks.
27) 20) text: And Kelly and her make-up artist and publicist are off. J and Charlotte continue.
27) 21) dialog: Evelyn Waugh?
27) 23) dialog: Evelyn Waugh was a man.
27) 26) text: Charlotte shoots him a look.
27) 28) dialog: Why do you have to defend her?
27) 30) dialog: No, I thought it was funny. Forget  it.
27) 31) text: His producer comes up to them. John puts his arm around  Charlotte, kisses her, everything's fine.
28) 0) text: Charlotte walks into the empty hotel room. C.U. - Charlot feet as she clips her toenails.
28) 4) dialog: (voice mail recording) Hi, leave a message...
28) 5) text: We hear the # key as Charlotte hits it to interrupt the  message.
28) 11) text: Charlotte pushes a button.
31) 0) text: Charlotte lies on the floor with big headphones on, liste to a book on tape. After a corny music intro, a very seri scholar man's voice speaks clearly : DR. KENGARD (0.S.) Did you ever wonder what your purpose life is? This book is about finding your soul's purpose o destiny. Every soul has its path, but sometimes that path not clear.  The acorn theory is an example of each soul  beginning with an imprint.... Charlotte tries to get into it, but can't get past feelin like a loser listening to a self-help tape. She looks at doctor's photo on the audio-book box, he's bald, in a  turtleneck and glasses.
32) 0) text: Charlotte follows a JAPANESE FAMILY in formal dress out o the elevator onto the mezzanine level. She wanders down a big hall. She sees an open door and steps in the crowded room, whic is in the midst of a press conference. Cameras flash as K with wide eyes, behind a table, answers questions  enthusiastically. KELLY You know, barbecuing, and yoga, and I love taking m dogs, Buster and Lulu, for walks on the beach... and it w great learning karate for "Midnight Racer" - I did all my own stunts! The JAPANESE JOURNALISTS seem excited by her answer. Kelly throws a Karate punch for a PHOTOGRAPHER.
32) 3) text: Charlotte walks out.
33) 0) text: Charlotte continues down a hall, she stops at an open doo and peeks in. A quiet group of JAPANESE WOMEN are gathered around a tab Charlotte goes in, as she gets closer she sees they are b instructed in Ikebana floral design. Each woman has a lit vase and elegant flower cuttings. She watches as they  delicately arrange the tiny flowers. The INSTRUCTOR hands Charlotte a vase and cuttings. Along the women, Charlotte tries to follow along.
34) 0) text: Charlotte reclines low in the bathtub staring off. She ca see mount Fuji in the distance. The audio tape plays on the stereo.
35) 0) text: With her back to us, Charlotte looks out the big window. John comes up and kisses her.
35) 1) dialog: How'd it go today?
35) 5) dialog: Ok. Maybe I'll walk down with you.
35) 7) dialog: Sure.
36) 0) text: At a corner table Charlotte sits with John, Kelly, and DJ CLEAN, a skinny kid in a sweatshirt, on tour in Japan. Charlotte is bored while Kelly talks on. Sausalito performs in the background.
36) 2) dialog: (she's never heard of that) Really?
36) 3) text: John shoots Charlotte a look.
36) 8) text: Charlotte ashes her cigarette in a clean ashtray, and she watches as it is quickly replaced with a new one by a WAI
36) 10) dialog: Yeah, it is.
36) 11) text: DJ Clean starts doing a human beat box at her. Charlotte looks over at Kelly.
36) 13) text: Charlotte excuses herself. She passes Bob who sits at his usual spot at the bar, as is leaving.
36) 14) dialog: Hi again, how's it going?
36) 16) text: Charlotte laughs with sympathy, but doesn't know what to  tell him.
37) 0) text: John sleeps soundly (turned away from her), Charlotte can sleep. She turns on the T.V. to a crazy local T.V. variet show.
38) 0) text: Charlotte finds her way down a narrow street in an old se of Tokyo. She turns a corner and finds a square with what she was  looking for.
39) 0) text: The sun shines over a beautiful old temple. Birds chirp,  Charlotte approaches and goes inside.
40) 0) text: Charlotte stands in the back and watches a ceremony. A ROSHI speaks in Japanese, monks chant. It's all very  foreign.  Charlotte tries to feel something.
41) 0) text: Charlotte sits on the bed talking to John who's coming ou of the bathroom, getting ready to go to work. He checks  himself in the mirror, CHARLOTTE Am I shallow?
41) 2) dialog: I went to a temple today and I didn't  feel anything.
41) 5) dialog: I don't know what to do.
41) 8) dialog: You smell weird.
41) 11) dialog: Like popcorn?
41) 14) dialog: Hair stuff?
41) 20) dialog: Bye.
41) 22) dialog: Lauren?
41) 24) dialog: It's cool... but,I don't know... I  went to a shrine today and all these  little monk's were chanting... and,  I didn't feel anything... I even  tried ikebana, ...   and John's using  hair products... I don't know who  IВ—.
41) 27) dialog: Sure.
41) 28) text: Charlotte waits.
41) 31) dialog: Oh, it's nothing... I better go,  I'll talk to you later.
41) 33) dialog: Ok, bye.
42) 0) text: Tokyo goes by out the window. Charlotte looks at the PEOP on the crowded train. A sweaty BUSINESSMAN blots his face with a little handkerchief.  Another older BUSINESSMAN re an erotic comic book.
43) 0) text: Charlotte looks up at the many signs, trying to figure ou which way to go, but they are all in Japanese characters. Confused, she chooses the west exit.
44) 0) text: Charlotte walks down a little street in a quiet neighborh She stops at a window of a portrait studio and looks at a of the wedding portraits. They are very formal and retouc Japanese brides and grooms dressed in a Western old-fashi style.
45) 0) text: Charlotte looks through the window as a tan Japanese boy, tries to win a stuffed animal for his girlfriend.
46) 0) text: In a crowded arcade, Charlotte watches some kids play Dan Revolution, a video game where you dance along to cues on the light-up floor. One BUSINESSMAN in a suit is really good into it. She sees a sushi chef game where you have to cut an elect fish. She looks at a firefighter game, and rows of plexi boxes  filled with some little character dolls you try to win.
47) 0) text: Charlotte looks at the shelves of books she passes, she f through some books. She walks over to a small gallery space and goes up to th wall to see the small photos. They are of tied-up, partially naked Japanese school girl one girl is spanking another one with a stuffed animal. S making a face of ecstacy. Charlotte looks at it, not getting it.
48) 0) text: Charlotte stands alone on a side street, smoking a cigare and watching the CROWDS go by.
49) 0) text: Charlotte walks up a little street filled with shops. She stops at a window of cute underwear that she.looks at She goes into the shop.
50) 0) text: 51C.U. Charlotte's lips. She puts watermelon color lipsti on.She looks at herself in the mirror in her new underwea
50) 2) dialog: Ouch.
50) 6) dialog: Yeah.
50) 8) text: He gets out and is rushing to get his stuff together to g Charlotte's lounging on the bed in her new pink underwear She tries her scarf on that she's been knitting.
50) 9) dialog: Do you think it's done?
50) 13) dialog: But I like to... and I don't smoke  that much.
50) 15) dialog: Ok, I will... later.
50) 18) dialog: Oh... that's nothing, someone gave  it to me.
50) 20) dialog: I'm not. It's just corny, but I'm  not into it.
50) 24) dialog: Mmm, I love Cristal, let's have some.
50) 28) dialog: Are you sure you have to go?
50) 30) dialog: Yeah, I know you have to work the  whole time, I'll probably have more  fun here. I'll call Charlie and those  guys.
50) 33) dialog: I love you.
50) 35) dialog: I miss you.
50) 37) text: He kisses her and is off. Charlotte sits there alone with the unopened bottles of  champagne.
51) 0) text: Water splashes as Charlotte dives into the pool (in a one piece bathing suit) as the sun goes down.
52) 0) text: Leaving in her robe, Charlotte runs into Bob, in his robe going to the pool.
52) 1) dialog: Oh, hi.
52) 3) dialog: Yeah. Did you get some sleep?
52) 5) dialog: Not really. How long are you here  for?
52) 7) dialog: Oh, good. Do you want to go to a  party tonight with me and some friends  who live here?
52) 9) dialog: See you later.
54) 0) text: The elaborate chiming doorbell rings. Charlotte opens the door to see Bob. He's wearing an oran camouflage T-shirt. She looks at his shirt, suppressing a smile.
54) 1) dialog: You really are having a mid-life  crisis.
54) 5) dialog: No.
55) 0) text: All white nightclub, lit with black lights so it seems to glow in the dark, with the booming sound of helicopters.  JAPANESE GALLAGER BROTHERS walk by. Bob watches Charlotte as Charlie, in a crazy outfit, hugs her.  Charlotte tries to talk to Bob over the loud music.
55) 1) dialog: Charlie, this is Bob. Bob В— Charlie  Brown.
55) 4) dialog: His real name's Hayashi, but someone  started calling him Charlie because  they thought he looked like Charlie  Brown. They've all got American  nicknames because its easier for me  to remember... they were just out in  L.A. last month doing a shoot with  John... that guy's Mr.Valentine,  he's the art director of their  magazine, I don't even know his real  name, or why I call him that.
55) 7) dialog: Hi.
55) 8) text: A young SHY GUY with a shaved head smiles at her, and tak her picture. A JAPANESE KRAFTWERK COVER-BAND plays Trans Europa Expres Some people at the bar buy drinks for Bob and insist on  drinking with him. Bob and Charlotte look over as Charlie gets into some pro with the BARTENDER.  The Bartender gets mad and starts  shooting a real-looking BB gun at him. Orange bullets fly through the air. They all rush out of there.
56) 0) text: Bob and Charlotte try to get past the crowd at the entran A big BOUNCER stops them and is yelling fast Japanese at  him. The crowd parts as the Bartender emerges shooting his BB  gun, and Bob and Charlotte run for it.
57) 0) text: Bob and Charlotte run past the blinking machines, and  gamblers, to another door to the street.
58) 0) text: Bob spots a cab and they run to it, seeing Charlie now  throwing bottles in the direction of the bartender. Bob and Charlotte get in the cab.
59) 0) text: Charlotte hits her head as they get in. Bob yells to the  driver to go, but he doesn't understand. Through the windshield they see the Bartender and sidekic coming with baseball bats. They hear a bang on the door and Charlie hops in. He make sure she is ok and shouts something to the Driver, and th speed away.
60) 0) text: Charlie, in his flashy outfit, sings "God Save the Queen" into the Karaoke mic. He rolls his r's just like Johnny  Rotten. Charlotte laughs and loves watching Charlie. They're othe friends wear the different color wigs they provide at thi place. There are big bottles of beer and sake.  They are pretty formal. Bambi tries to talk to Charlotte with a bi grin, he can barely speak English.
60) 2) dialog: (smiles) Good.
60) 4) dialog: Thanks, you guys should come back  sometime.
60) 11) dialog: What do you feel like singing, Bob?
61) 0) text: Taking a break from the crowded and hot Karaoke room,  Charlotte sits for a break alone on a bench in the bright hallway. It is quiet with just the muffled sound of music from the Karaoke room. She's wearing a pink geisha wig. B sits down next to her. Charlotte lights his cigarette with some crazy Japanese l up lighter. She leans her head back - it's getting too heavy. She looks at his hands.
61) 1) dialog: You bite your nails?
61) 3) dialog: I could cut the ones that are left  for you.
62) 0) text: NOBU, a cool skinny stoner guy in a Hawaiian shirt, plays phsycadellic records in his seventies hippie surfer-pad. His JAPANESE  GIRLFRIEND, who looks like a 60's pin-up, pours cold sake. Bob is  handed a ridiculously big bong. Charlie is drunk and taking polaroids. Nobu, really stoned, talks to Bob about surfing. A SHORT GUY with thick glasses introduces himself to  Charlotte, extending his hand.
62) 2) dialog: Hans?  Nice to meet you.
63) 0) text: Bob and Charlotte are leaving Nobu's. She's wearing Bob's jacket.
63) 3) text: Bob takes Charlotte's arm carefully just as she bangs her head walking into the glass door - it makes a loud thud.
65) 0) text: Charlotte looks at the neon going by. She looks over at B her eyelids are too heavy for her.
65) 1) dialog: I don't want to go home.
66) 0) text: Bob carries a very drunk Charlotte to her room. Her purse dangling from his arm.
70) 0) text: Charlotte can-'t get out of bed. She looks at the clock-  it's 10 a.m.  She picks up the phone.
71) 2) dialog: It's Charlotte.
71) 4) dialog: Thanks for getting me back in one  piece.
71) 7) dialog: Do you want to have some breakfast?
71) 10) dialog: OK, see you downstairs.
72) 0) text: They sit in the bright light. She squints and drinks a Bl Mary. Bob is distant. She looks across at two middle-aged MID-WESTERN WOMEN tal about plastic surgery, you can't hear them, but can tell they gesture and one pulls her eye lids up. Charlotte looks at another table by the elaborate buffet sees the redhead Singer having breakfast with the rest of Sausalito.
72) 1) dialog: (trying to make it  light) Hey look, it's Sausalito.
73) 0) text: Charlotte lies in bed awake. The clock says its 4 a.m. Finally she gives up on trying to sleep, and turns the li on. In John's old T-shirt and Ugg boots, she goes to the  couch, looks at some strange pastry with an elaborate  presentation left by the hotel. She picks up a magazine, but she's already looked at it a few times before. She hears something and goes over to th door. On her way, she passes her red T. Anthony suitcase  overflowing with stuff that looks like a bomb went off in it. A HOTEL MESSAGE envelope is slipped under the door. She o it to see a typed note from the operator: "From: Mr. Harris. Message: Are you awake?" She smiles like she's gotten a valentine.
74) 0) text: Bob opens the door, Charlotte's standing there trying to  look casual, she's happy to see him (she's put some pants and flip flops instead of her dumb looking Ugg boots). She knocks into a low table, bumping her knee as she come in. Bob pours some cold sake, smoothly. Bob and Charlotte watch La Dolce Vita with Japanese subti on the TV.
74) 2) dialog: I think he kind of liked me...Is  that so hard to imagine?
74) 4) dialog: How'd a Japanese guy get a name like  Hans?
74) 8) dialog: Do you remember when we met at the  bar? ...You were wearing a tuxedo.
74) 10) dialog: Really?
74) 13) dialog: Did I scowl at you?
74) 15) dialog: I don't remember.
74) 18) dialog: Why do they switch the r's and l's  here?
74) 20) dialog: Let's never come here again, because  it would never be as much fun.
74) 22) dialog: Did you see Hiromix last night dancing  with Bambi?
74) 24) dialog: Oh.  Well... they were dancing on  the couch with that weird English  guy who kept talking about hanging  out with the Sex Pistols on Kings  Road...
74) 26) dialog: Oh, for her show?
74) 28) dialog: Oh.
74) 30) dialog: I know.
74) 32) dialog: I'm stuck. Does it get easier.
74) 34) dialog: Yeah? But look at you.
74) 36) dialog: I just don't know what I'm supposed  to be. I thought maybe I wanted to  be a writer... but I hate what I  write, and I tried taking pictures,  but John's so good at that, and mine  are so mediocre... and every girl  goes through a photography phase,  like horses, you know dumb pictures  of your feet...
74) 38) dialog: But, I'm mean.
74) 40) dialog: And marriage, does that get easier?
74) 42) dialog: Did that help? Did you learn anything?
74) 44) dialog: Oh.
74) 46) dialog: That's too scary.
74) 48) dialog: (getting tired) No one ever tells you that...
74) 50) dialog: That's nice. My parents were always  traveling, they weren't around so  much.
74) 52) dialog: In D.C., my dad was the Ambassador  to France in the eighties, so we  went to school in Paris for a few  years... but we mostly lived in D.C.,  and they were never around... and  then I moved to Los Angeles when  John and I got married... it's so  different there.
74) 55) dialog: John thinks I'm so snotty.
74) 57) dialog: I know, but that's what you like  about me.
74) 59) dialog: Why do you have to be with your  opposite, why cant similar people be  together?
79) 2) text: A light rain starts as he looks at a fax from Charlotte w a map she's drawn and tries to figure out where he is - t are no street signs.
79) 4) dialog: You made it.
79) 7) dialog: What's that?
79) 10) dialog: How old is she?
79) 12) dialog: Oh, she'll love it.
79) 13) text: The Sushi Chef gives him perfect little pieces of sushi o banana leaf. Charlotte takes a bite of a piece - but it won't break, s she has to stuff the whole thing in her mouth, embarrasse Bob makes fun of her gracelessness.
79) 15) dialog: (mouth full) Fuck off.
79) 18) dialog: I don't know, I think maybe I broke  it? I knocked into something the  other day...
79) 22) dialog: It's bad isn't it?
79) 24) dialog: You think so?
81) 0) text: Bob and Charlotte walk in, looking around at where to go. Bob talks to a woman at the desk to explain what they nee
82) 0) text: Bob takes a seat in waiting area as Charlotte goes into a little room with a number on it. Bob waits next to a 100 year old lady.
83) 0) text: Charlotte stands alone barefoot on a little box, wearing lead apron, as a MAN and ASSISTANT X-ray different angles her foot.
85) 0) text: Charlotte's foot X-rays are displayed on a big light box. older DOCTOR talks about them in Japanese to his younger  ASSISTANT as he wraps Charlotte's toes together. She does know what they're talking about.
86) 0) text: Charlotte comes out where Bob waits with the little stuff bunny.
86) 1) dialog: Is that for me?
87) 0) text: Bob and Charlotte arrive back at the massive hotel, they  stroll in casually, she is carrying the stuffed rabbit in her arm.
89) 1) dialog: (voice-mail message) Hi Bob, it's Charlotte... how are  you doing today?... I'm going to  meet Charlie and those guys at this  place called Orange around ten...  come meet us if you get this...
91) 0) text: Bob looks at a fax from Charlotte with a map, wondering i he's in the right place. It's quiet and looks like a gene office building. He goes in the little metal elevator, and the door opens the 8th floor onto a little nightclub you would have neve thought was there.
92) 0) text: Lights strobe and Peaches' seedy "Fuck the Pain Away" boo through the speakers. Tan JAPANESE STRIPPERS with platinum hair dance and hang  from a pole on a little platform. Bob sits alone on a brown ultra suede couch feeling out o place and empty. He looks over at a table of young AMERICAN INVESTMENT BRO He wishes he wasn't there, but tries to seem comfortable. Charlotte shows up with Charlie and the other guys. She s down next to him, and gives him an 'are you going to kill me?' look.
92) 1) dialog: How long have you been here?
92) 2) text: He looks at her like it's been forever. She smiles for  forgiveness. They look over and see a WEIRD GUY in the corner getting lap dance, they look at each other, sharing the joke of t place, but both uncomfortable about the sexuality of it. Through a beaded curtain, Charlie and Bambi get lap dance in a dark corner of pillows. Charlotte looks at Bob.
92) 3) dialog: C'mon, let's go.
93) 0) text: Bob and Charlotte go up to a cab, but the driver refuses  them. They don't know why, but just make their way down a empty side street. Little plastic cherry blossom decorati hang above them.
93) 2) dialog: (like she's said it a  million times) Working.
93) 4) dialog: (sorta) Yeah.
93) 6) dialog: No.
93) 8) dialog: Isn't it weird there are no street  names in Tokyo... you'd think a city  like this would have street names...  you need a map to get anywhere...  look, there are no signs...
94) 0) text: As they make their way back, they pass a lounge off the l It's late, it's pretty empty,  a housekeeper vacuums and  just a SLEEPING MAN sits in the back of the lounge, and a snuggled up romantic JAPANESE COUPLE sit close to: Kelly, the blonde actress, singing to them. She stands facing them with a karaoke mic singing "Nobody Does It Better" with all her heart. Bob and Charlotte look at each other and keep walking (tr to be invisible).
95) 0) text: Charlotte lies in bed. She picks up a photo next to the b as she dials the phone.- The picture is of her and John on their honeymoon. The ph answers - it's a weird Japanese recording.
95) 1) dialog: Um..Hi, John, if this is your phone?  I'm not sure...I'm going to go to  Kyoto for the day...I'11 try you  when I get back. Hope it's going  good... I love you, bye.
96) 0) text: Charlotte watches the Japanese countryside go by out her  window.
97) 0) text: Charlotte walks through a beautiful garden. She's a small figure in the landscape. She approaches a temple where she stops to watch a weddin procession. A young bride and groom in traditional kimono walk under a parasol with their family. Charlotte looks as- the nervous, young bride clutches her mother's hand. The young groom walks along with them. Charlotte is moved by the whole scene, the beauty of the  temple and the wedding party. Her eyes well up.
99) 0) text: Bob rides in the back of the presidential, looking out th window at the city. He pulls a polaroid out of his pocket and looks at it. It Charlotte, peering over her shoulder with a little smile, from their sake-drenched night at Nobu's compound.
101) 0) text: In the harsh-morning light, Bob wakes up in his bed. He hears the Jazz Singer singing in the shower "Midnight the Oasis". Her red mane of hair passes frame as she ushers in room  service. She seems to have taken over the whole room. He  wants it all to go away. She walks off to the bathroom an there's a knock at the door. Bob rushes to get it before can. He opens the door a crack, Charlotte looking sweet, is  standing there. Her hair is back in a pony-tail. Bob's ju wearing a towel around his waist, and his hair is stickin up.
101) 1) dialog: Rough night?
101) 3) dialog: I'm going to Daikanyama, do you want  to come walk around?
101) 5) text: The singer starts singing again in the background. Charlotte gives Bob a look.
101) 6) dialog: Oh, I guess you're busy, huh.
101) 8) text: He watches Charlotte walk away down the beige hall.
103) 0) text: Charlotte, with sunglasses on, leans against the wall as approaches.
103) 1) dialog: You can't get sushi anywhere in Japan  after 2 o'clock. Did you know that?
104) 0) text: Bob and Charlotte are seated at a big booth in a corny Sh Shabu restaurant.
104) 1) dialog: The Jazz singer? The red-head?
104) 3) dialog: Well, I guess she's more around your  age...  You guys could talk about  things in common, like growing up in  the fifties.
104) 5) text: She scowls at him. The waitress brings them drinks- she pours beer slowly, a turns on a pot on the table to cook their food. Charlotte looks at the menu - it is filled with photos of different trays of meat. The waitress doesn't speak Engli
104) 6) dialog: I can't tell the difference?
104) 11) dialog: A coke.
104) 14) dialog: Around.
104) 16) dialog: They're not going to play the whole  album, are they?
105) 0) text: In the darkness, under covers, Charlotte is woken up by a loud fire alarm.
106) 2) dialog: That lunch was the worst, huh.
106) 4) dialog: When are you leaving?
106) 6) dialog: (friendly) I'm going to miss you.
106) 8) dialog: Well, I mean it more now.
107) 0) text: and Charlotte, still in their pajamas, sit at their usual spot at the bar, with the bartender, drinking cold sake. lights two cigarettes and passes one to him. A NEW JAZZ BAND is now playing. The SINGER is full of  enthusiasm as they start their stint at the Park Hyatt.
107) 2) text: He sings "Where or When" with all his heart. Now, old-timers there, Bob and Charlotte look at each oth and chuckle.
107) 4) text: Bob and Charlotte sit there together.
107) 6) dialog: I know. But, it doesn't last, you  have to go back sometime.
107) 8) dialog: I don't know, it just doesn't, reality  changes things....we can't stay here  forever, unless maybe we started a  Jazz band.
107) 9) text: (alt Charlotte dialog: I don't know it just doesn't, real changes things...and we can't stay here forever) He looks over at her. The singer continues Where or When, as they sit there  together, the view sparkling.
108) 0) text: Bob and Charlotte, drunk in the elevator.
108) 1) dialog: 54?
110) 0) text: A sexy EXECUTIVE WOMAN asks Bob for a light. He looks at great legs as he lights her cigarette. He looks around,  keeping an eye out for Charlotte. The group of commercial people arrive to see him off. He excuses himself for a moment and goes to a phone on a  little table in the corner. Bob picks up the house phone.
111) 2) dialog: Hi, Bob.
111) 4) dialog: Uh, yeah... I'll bring it down.
111) 12) text: He sees Charlotte come out of the elevator.
111) 14) text: He rushes over to Charlotte. She looks at his bag.
111) 15) dialog: Just saying good-bye to everyone  before you leave?
111) 20) dialog: That's it?
111) 22) dialog: You're leaving right now?
111) 24) dialog: Well... have a good flight.
111) 26) dialog: (hurt) Ok, bye.
111) 27) text: She walks away. A hotel manager asks Bob about his luggage, another asks he had a pleasant stay. Charlotte gets in the elevator to out, the doors close on her back.
113) 0) text: In the backseat, Bob leans back on the little doily. The car pulls away. Around the corner, he looks down a crowded alley and sees Charlotte's blonde hair.
114) 0) text: Bob gets out and rushes down the street to where he saw  Charlotte. The street is crowded with JAPANESE PEOPLE, an different colored umbrellas, (it's sunny out with a light rain). Music blasts from speakers on the street, and there is so promo going on with GIRLS handing out little cologne samp Bob looks around for her, but only sees dark hair, umbrel and super tan JAPANESE KIDS. In the distance an umbrella moves to reveal Charlotte.
114) 4) dialog: (sincere) I'll miss you.