18) 0) text: Bob, still in his tuxedo and make-up from the shoot, sits alone having a drink. A JAZZ BAND FROM SAUSALITO performs The SINGER is a middle-aged woman with red wavy hair, dre in red, and takes her singing very seriously. She sings a slow version of "Parsley, Sage, Rosemary and Thyme". C.U. - a golden beer is poured very slowly. Bob drinks his scotch, hoping it will all go away. Across the bar, Charlotte sits with JOHN, her husband (he in his late twenties and sloppy in a fashionable way), an some FRIENDS - super stylish, weird Japanese fashion peop (all smoking). One of them, CHARLIE, in a shiny suit, kee taking pictures, and showing them magazine layouts.
55) 0) text: All white nightclub, lit with black lights so it seems to glow in the dark, with the booming sound of helicopters.  JAPANESE GALLAGER BROTHERS walk by. Bob watches Charlotte as Charlie, in a crazy outfit, hugs her.  Charlotte tries to talk to Bob over the loud music.
55) 5) text: Bob looks over at some SKINNY GUY in huge glasses smiling them. Charlie hands them some drinks.
55) 6) dialog: This is Bambi.
55) 8) text: A young SHY GUY with a shaved head smiles at her, and tak her picture. A JAPANESE KRAFTWERK COVER-BAND plays Trans Europa Expres Some people at the bar buy drinks for Bob and insist on  drinking with him. Bob and Charlotte look over as Charlie gets into some pro with the BARTENDER.  The Bartender gets mad and starts  shooting a real-looking BB gun at him. Orange bullets fly through the air. They all rush out of there.
58) 0) text: Bob spots a cab and they run to it, seeing Charlie now  throwing bottles in the direction of the bartender. Bob and Charlotte get in the cab.
59) 0) text: Charlotte hits her head as they get in. Bob yells to the  driver to go, but he doesn't understand. Through the windshield they see the Bartender and sidekic coming with baseball bats. They hear a bang on the door and Charlie hops in. He make sure she is ok and shouts something to the Driver, and th speed away.
60) 0) text: Charlie, in his flashy outfit, sings "God Save the Queen" into the Karaoke mic. He rolls his r's just like Johnny  Rotten. Charlotte laughs and loves watching Charlie. They're othe friends wear the different color wigs they provide at thi place. There are big bottles of beer and sake.  They are pretty formal. Bambi tries to talk to Charlotte with a bi grin, he can barely speak English.
62) 0) text: NOBU, a cool skinny stoner guy in a Hawaiian shirt, plays phsycadellic records in his seventies hippie surfer-pad. His JAPANESE  GIRLFRIEND, who looks like a 60's pin-up, pours cold sake. Bob is  handed a ridiculously big bong. Charlie is drunk and taking polaroids. Nobu, really stoned, talks to Bob about surfing. A SHORT GUY with thick glasses introduces himself to  Charlotte, extending his hand.
63) 1) dialog: Make sure she gets home okay?
63) 5) text: She nods. Bob looks back at Charlie who is watching- she' fine. He leads her into a waiting cab.
92) 0) text: Lights strobe and Peaches' seedy "Fuck the Pain Away" boo through the speakers. Tan JAPANESE STRIPPERS with platinum hair dance and hang  from a pole on a little platform. Bob sits alone on a brown ultra suede couch feeling out o place and empty. He looks over at a table of young AMERICAN INVESTMENT BRO He wishes he wasn't there, but tries to seem comfortable. Charlotte shows up with Charlie and the other guys. She s down next to him, and gives him an 'are you going to kill me?' look.
92) 2) text: He looks at her like it's been forever. She smiles for  forgiveness. They look over and see a WEIRD GUY in the corner getting lap dance, they look at each other, sharing the joke of t place, but both uncomfortable about the sexuality of it. Through a beaded curtain, Charlie and Bambi get lap dance in a dark corner of pillows. Charlotte looks at Bob.