27) 0) text: The hotel is filled with business people. A dressed up FA is going to lunch. We follow a jet-lagged Charlotte and J as they walk down the lobby hall. An energetic blonde actress, KELLY, pops up to them. (She carrying a copy of Memoirs of a Geisha.) John, who was holding Charlotte's hand, drops it.
27) 1) dialog: John! What are you doing here?
27) 3) dialog: Promoting that action movie I did...
27) 5) dialog: ...doing like twenty million  interviews a day... It's soo good to  see you. How long are you here for?
27) 7) dialog: It's amazing  there!
27) 9) dialog: No!  Hi! So great to meet you!
27) 11) dialog: You know, John, you're my favorite  photographer, I only want to be shot  by you.
27) 14) dialog: (as she fans out her  top) Sorry if I have the worst B.O., I've  been sweating in this little room  with T.V. lights for hours...
27) 15) text: Kelly, giggling and acting all too comfortable with herse is eating up all the oxygen around them.
27) 17) dialog: (with a big smile) ...Well, I have the worst  headache,  I have to go find some aspirin. But,  call me, let's have a drink, I'm  under Evelyn Waugh.
27) 18) text: Kelly giggles. Charlotte smirks.
27) 20) text: And Kelly and her make-up artist and publicist are off. J and Charlotte continue.
32) 0) text: Charlotte follows a JAPANESE FAMILY in formal dress out o the elevator onto the mezzanine level. She wanders down a big hall. She sees an open door and steps in the crowded room, whic is in the midst of a press conference. Cameras flash as K with wide eyes, behind a table, answers questions  enthusiastically. KELLY You know, barbecuing, and yoga, and I love taking m dogs, Buster and Lulu, for walks on the beach... and it w great learning karate for "Midnight Racer" - I did all my own stunts! The JAPANESE JOURNALISTS seem excited by her answer. Kelly throws a Karate punch for a PHOTOGRAPHER.
32) 2) dialog: It was great. I've known him for a  while now- you know we both live in  L.A. We both have dogs...
36) 0) text: At a corner table Charlotte sits with John, Kelly, and DJ CLEAN, a skinny kid in a sweatshirt, on tour in Japan. Charlotte is bored while Kelly talks on. Sausalito performs in the background.
36) 1) dialog: ...My Dad was anorexic.
36) 4) dialog: (very serious) He was on the American side at the  Bay of Pigs, in Cuba, and he was  taken prisoner, and they tortured  them about their food the whole time.
36) 6) dialog: My dad fought on the American side  at the Bay of Pigs. So, when he was  a prisoner, they would tell them  they had put poison in their food  and they would make themselves throw  up... and when he got back, he did  better, but he still has food issues.  He has to have really clean food.   And really simple. He can't just go  have, say, Chinese food.
36) 11) text: DJ Clean starts doing a human beat box at her. Charlotte looks over at Kelly.
36) 12) dialog: ...Oh my god you have to try it,  this power cleanse is amazing- it's  lemon juice and grade B maple syrup  and cayenne pepper for seven days.  Just like a half a teaspoon of  cayenne. The first few days you're a  little scattered, but by day four -  it's amazing... my eyes were so  white...
94) 0) text: As they make their way back, they pass a lounge off the l It's late, it's pretty empty,  a housekeeper vacuums and  just a SLEEPING MAN sits in the back of the lounge, and a snuggled up romantic JAPANESE COUPLE sit close to: Kelly, the blonde actress, singing to them. She stands facing them with a karaoke mic singing "Nobody Does It Better" with all her heart. Bob and Charlotte look at each other and keep walking (tr to be invisible).