1) 33) text: Like many others in my situation, I moved around a lot in the next few years, getting work where I could.  I must have cleaned half the toilets in the state.</i> We follow VINCENT through the course of a day.  Cleaning restrooms, toilets, picking up litter, sweeping, washing windows - gazing at the AEROSPACE WORKERS below.  The bui is part of the Gattaca facility, located near a shuttle l site.  Throughout the day, with the regularity of 747's, spies rocket ships in the distance, launching into the sk Jerome's is the only head that turns and looks up.  Long the sun has set, Vincent is still working.  Another rocke lights up the darkness.  Vincent gazes forlornly into the heavens. EXT. GATTACA - GLASS WALL.  DAY. VINCENT cleans a window from the outside, staring in at t arrogant GATTACA EMPLOYEES entering the security channels a smaple taken from their fingertips.  Jerome, in a tranc constantly cleans the same spot of glass.  He fails to no Older Janitor, CAESAR, appear beside him.
1) 34) dialog: When you clean the glass, Vincent, don't clean it too well.
1) 37) dialog: (glancing to the Gattaca workers)
1) 51) dialog: (to Vincent)
4) 18) text: Irene will make it available to security. INT.  GATTACA - LOCKER ROOM.  DAY. JEROME wears his assured smile all the way along the corr and into the now empty locker room.  He exchanges a cheer greeting with an exiting COLLEAGUE, enters a shower stall closes the door behind him and promptly collapses on the stall floor. The effects of the gruelling work-out are only now appare longer sucking up the pain, he gulps air into his oxygen- lungs, his heart looking for a way through his tightened He writhes in agony on the white-tiled floor - a brutal r of the physical frailty he seeks to disguise. EXT.  GATTACA - GARDEN.  LUNCHTIME. In Gattaca's perfectly landscaped gardens JEROME, dressed recovered from his ordeal, joins his COLLEAGUES for lunch of the umbrella-covered tables.  While most of the others at unappetizing salads and take their individualized medi Jerome carries a steak sandwich on his tray. The sight of the juicy steak is greeted with envious look his colleagues.  Jerome pretends not to notice and rubs i liberally sprinkling salt onto the meat. However when Jerome looks over towards IRENE, she avoids contact.  When she abruptly gets up and leaves, Jerome fo thinking twice before depositing the napkin in the nearby trashcan.  A janitor reaches for the napkin.  It is the O Janitor, CAESAR, from Jerome's former life.
4) 19) dialog: I'll take care of that for you, Mr Morrow. The two men exchange a conspiratorial smile. EXT.  GATTACA - WIND FARM.  AFTERNOON. A forest of wind turbines, supplying energy to the aerosp complex.  However the blades of the turbines are motionle the still afternoon.  JEROME finally catches up with IREN turns, unsurprised by his appearance.  Standing beside he looks out over the complex as if he too has come for the
6) 77) text: Blood.  From the vein. The Investigator turns on his heel to prevent further pro The Detective and his ASSISTANTS exchange looks of exaspe behind the Investigator's back. INT.  GATTACA.  DAY. JEROME, drinking water, stands in front of a large video bulletin board.  Among other things, it displays the elec mugshot of 20-YEAR-OLD VINCENT alongside the recent compu generated age enhancement of his face. Some distance away, CAESAR, the elderly janitor, discusse mugshots with a YOUNGER JANITOR.
6) 78) dialog: Look like anybody to you?
6) 80) dialog: Ugly sonofabitch though, isn't he? Jerome half-smiles, realizing that the conversation is fo benefit.  Having made it clear that they do not intend to their former colleague, the two janitors continue their r Jerome crushes his paper cup.  Forgetting himself, he drops the cup into the wastebasket. INT.  CRAFT.  DAY. JEROME familiarizes himself with the interior of a spacec under the supervision of DIRECTOR JOSEF and the MISSION COMMANDER.  The screen that Jerome sits at is identical t one he operates in the computer complex - displaying aste 951 Gaspra.
6) 228) text: They said the same thing about myopia and obesity.  You think your children would be less human if they were less violent, angry, spiteful?  Maybe they'd be <i>more</i> human.  From where I sit the world could stand a little improving. We dwell on one DETECTIVE in particular, snatching a garb bag from CAESAR, the janitor.
6) 320) text: But this man does share some common characteristics with your suspect.  Not so many but <i>enough</i>.  It appears the eyelash has a brother--of a kind. The Investigator realizes the significance and looks guil to Hugo.  Hugo exits the lab, leaving the Investigator to at his own FACE in his analyzing machine. INT.  GATTACA - JANITOR'S LOCKER ROOM.  NIGHT. CAESAR, the old janitor, enters the locker room.  He is a wearily open his locker when he senses another presence i room. He turns to find JEROME sitting there on a bench.  Althou clearly delighted, CAESAR tries to disguise his pleasure.
6) 321) dialog: So you've finally seen sense and come back to your old job, Vincent.
6) 323) dialog: No?  What's keeping you?
6) 325) dialog: I guess so. (looking up through the small window)
6) 328) dialog: And don't go getting everybody lost out there. You'll give us a bad name.  You won't have me to keep an eye on you, you know.
6) 331) dialog: (happy to oblige)
6) 332) text: I'll take care of it. Jerome departs.  Caesar watches him go and turns back to locker.  He opens it to find a brand new, high-tech teles sitting inside. The old janitor gets over his surprise and beams broadly he looks back in Jerome's direction but he has gone.  The old janitor cannot help himself and reverently reaches fo telescope's eyepiece. INT.  GATTACA - COMPUTER COMPLEX.  NIGHT. In the dimly-lit, empty computer complex, JEROME takes a look around.  He sits at his computer, one final time rep the graphic representation of his path through the cosmos he is on the eve of taking for real. He notices the key missing from his keyboard.  Instantly realizing the significance, he rises from his seat to fle