2) 43) text: Strange to think, he may have more success exposing me in death than he did in life.</i> Jerome wipes his eye and also goes to investigate.  We fo an extreme close up of his EYELASH.  Loosened by Jerome's it breaks free and floats gently down to the floor where comes to rest. INT.  GATTACA AEROSPACE CORPORATION.  MORNING. DETECTIVE HUGO, late-forties, wearing a crime-scene hygen and gloves and a full clear mask - looking more like a su or a toxic waste worker than a detective - places a blood spattered computer keyboard alongside the Director's shat skull.  The indentations match the blunt corner of the ke Hugo detaches the dangling keyboard from its parent compu seals the likely murder weapon in a marked, transparent p bag. A CREW of similarly-suited homicide detectives systematic vacuum the surrounding office area with metallic, industr looking mini-vacs.  Once each work space has been vacuume transparent plastic vacuum bag is detached, sealed and la OTHER DETECTIVES video the scene with camcorders.  Video spit out of the cameras for instant inspection. EXT.  GATTACA - LANDSCAPED GARDENS.  DAY. A silicon police tape cordons off the crime scene.  From landscaped garden, a crowd of GATTACA EMPLOYEES view the proceedings through the glass walls.
3) 118) text: You must be drunk to call me Vincent. But Eugene does not reply, drifting into sleep once again Jerome pulls a blanket over him. On the verge of leaving, Jerome's attention is drawn to a on the far side of the room.  Approaching the wall, near Eugene's mirrored closet, he detects a faint mechanical w coming from inside the adjacent condominium.  Jerome contemplates investigating but exits the condominium inst - climbing the spiral staircase to his own condominium. INT.  JEROME'S CONDO - LIVING ROOM.  NIGHT. JEROME fastidiously vacuums with an upright cleaner.  Usi hose attachment he cleans around a picture frame that con Jerome's original computer keyboard handdrawn on the flap cardboard box. INT. GATTACA - COMPUTER COMPLEX.  DAY. In the vast room of COMPUTER PROGRAMMERS we pull-focus to discover that we have been filming the complex through th transparent specimen bag containing JEROME'S EYELASH. On the mezzanine floor overlooking the scene of the crime the INVESTIGATOR holds the bag, transfixed by the lash. lead homicide detective, DETECTIVE HUGO, finishes intervi a GATTACA SECURITY GUARD and approaches the Investigator. A large telescope in the background. Although Hugo is deferential to his more youthful superio body language betrays his displeasure.  Hugo clearly does relish the Investigator's involvement in his case.
3) 119) dialog: I don't understand why you were dragged out here, Sir.  It's hardly worth wasting your time--a no-nothing case like this.
3) 121) text: A man's dead, Detective.
3) 122) dialog: Of course, Sir.  We're checking the entry log, alibis, grudges...
3) 124) dialog: (looking out over the balcony)
3) 129) dialog: (not so convinced)
3) 132) dialog: According to this, he's a sick man.  Congenital heart condition.  Who knows how long the specimen has been here but there's an 80 percent chance the owner of that eyelash has already died himself from natural causes.
3) 134) text: So there's a 20 percent chance he's <i>not</i> dead. Detective Hugo goes to comment further, then revises his remark in his head before speaking.
3) 135) dialog: Even if this Vincent Luca <i>is</i> alive, is it likely he could bludgeon a man to death?
3) 137) dialog: I take it you're thinking along the lines of a robbery gone sour--a thief disturbed in the act? The Investigator merely shrugs.
3) 138) dialog: (skeptical)
3) 142) dialog: (trying to appear co-operative)
3) 145) dialog: What a pity.
3) 147) text: Detective Hugo, it's a simple case of lost and found.  All we have to do is locate the man who's minus an eyelash and this murder will solve itself. We focus on JEROME at his work station.  Although he cont to work, he clrarly feels the presence of the INVESTIGATO the mezzanine floor behind him. A MEDICAL DIRECTOR approaches the programmer in the neigh work station - NAPOLEON, the programmer Jerome encountere the nightclub the previous evening.
4) 3) text: Six miles later it's still beating like a Goddamn metronome.  I could play piano by that heartbeat of his. The INVESTIGATOR and DETECTIVE HUGO enter the observation escorted by IRENE.
4) 4) dialog: Director Josef, this is our lead Investigator. The two men exchange a polite handshake.  However the Investigator is immediately taken with the SOLE RUNNER wi back to him, on the treadmill below.
4) 16) dialog: An age enhancement is being prepared as we speak.
4) 103) text: You deserve it. INT. CONCERT HALL - AUDITORIUM.  NIGHT. JEROME and IRENE step over feet, apologizing as they go, eventually finding their seats in a box in a sold-out con hall. On the stage below, a YOUNG PIANIST - a teenage prodigy - already taken his place at the keys of a grand piano.  Th pianist removes his white gloves and begins to play - an extremely complex and beautiful piece we have never heard before.  IRENE looks to JEROME.  He is clearly caught up music. EXT.  IN-VALID HOUSING PROJECT.  NIGHT. The music from the piano recital continues under the foll contrasting action.  A huge, brooding housing project.  P hang around on street corners.  Menace in the air - a fee impending violence. Suddenly unmarked police cars appear from all directions, blocking any escape route.  Dozens of PLAINCLOTHES DETECT pour out of the cars and onto the street. People scatter, many running straight into the arms of th Detectives.  OTHERS, spilling out of the housing project, also immediately apprehended. The Detectives quickly weed out those suspects not fittin Jerome's description - WOMEN, OLD MEN and TEENAGERS.  The shepherded off the street.  A line of IN-VALIDS is formed several hundred yards long.  Detectives begin to laboriou move along the line, taking finger-prick blood samples fr suspect - instantly confirming their identities with port analyzers worn on their hips. As if having the idea at the same time, TWO SEPARATE MEN suddenly bolt from the line, knowing that their blood wil incriminate them.  Other Detectives, watching for such es attempts, esaily apprehend them and escort them to a wait police van. With the raid under control, DETECTIVE HUGO indicates to INVESTIGATOR that it is safe to exit his car.  The Invest appears irritated, only half-glancing at the TWO MEN alre custody, apparently certain that neither one is his suspe
4) 104) dialog: (enthusiastic)
4) 105) text: Not our fish, but sometihng stuck in the net. The Investigator clearly does not share Hugo's enthusiasm Detective offers the Investigator an age enhanced photogr computer-generated from the last existing photo of VINCEN a 20-year-old.
4) 106) dialog: This is the age enhancement we're working with. The Investigator ignores the photo, preferring instead to his own eye as he wanders along the line of suspects.
4) 107) dialog: (referring to the line-up)
4) 108) text: As you requested, we've kept the parameters wider than usual. The MEN they scrutinize are hardly mutants - the differen between an IN-VALID and a DAN are subtle at best.  Some s some wearing glasses, some with receding hairlines or bal with no discernable physical difference at all.  The Investigator is only halfway down the line before he turn starts walking back to his car. The mystified Detective Hugo follows his superior.
4) 110) dialog: This <i>is</i> the most likely location-- The Investigator wheels on Hugo, suddenly angry, clearly to having his judgement questioned.
4) 112) dialog: (taken aback by the outburst)
4) 115) dialog: With respect, Sir, many perfectly innocent citizens have left specimens at as many crime scenes.  Maybe he's just unlucky.
4) 118) dialog: We're already getting complaints about frivolous search.
6) 50) text: She doesn't <i>have</i> to know.  She doesn't <i>want</i> The camera travels down Jerome's scarred legs to find tha pool is completely drained.  We now realize that it never contained water. A BARREN WASTELAND. A desolate landscape, resembling the surface of the plane We pull back to find that we are peering at this forbiddi desert through a circular aperture. INT.  CRIME LAB.  DAY. The INVESTIGATOR lifts his head from the eyepiece of an electron microscope through which he has been examining a fragment of skin - the skin is identified as belonging to YEAR-OLD VINCENT.  DETECTIVE HUGO stands at the Investiga side - his attitude more respectful in light of the disco Detective Hugo points out a location on a computer-genera map.
6) 51) dialog: (chagrined)
6) 54) dialog: (shifting the view of the map to include the Gattaca complex)
6) 56) dialog: We have to consider the possibility that he's playing somebody else's hand. A smile gradually broadens across the Investigator's face
6) 60) dialog: (quickly covering himself)
6) 64) dialog: (puzzled)
6) 68) dialog: (skeptical, referring to a file of Gattaca employee ID photos)
6) 73) dialog: (immediately protesting)
6) 77) text: Blood.  From the vein. The Investigator turns on his heel to prevent further pro The Detective and his ASSISTANTS exchange looks of exaspe behind the Investigator's back. INT.  GATTACA.  DAY. JEROME, drinking water, stands in front of a large video bulletin board.  Among other things, it displays the elec mugshot of 20-YEAR-OLD VINCENT alongside the recent compu generated age enhancement of his face. Some distance away, CAESAR, the elderly janitor, discusse mugshots with a YOUNGER JANITOR.
6) 88) dialog: This is so inconvenient, Irene.  They can make an exception for Jerome.
6) 92) text: If your predecessor were still around we may not be going to Gaspra at all. That's what <i>I</i> would call inconvenient. Jerome exits the craft with Irene. INT.  GATTACA CORPORATION - CORRIDOR.  DAY. A line of MALE GATTACA EMPLOYEES snakes out the door and the corridor.  The INVESTIGATOR walks slowly down the lin trying to eyeball his suspect.  Concentrating on the shor dark-haired men in the line, he looks straight past JEROM However, as the Investigator ignores him and walks by, we haunted look in Jerome's eyes. INT.  GATTACA - TESTING LAB.  DAY. Every available TECHNICIAN is working to accommodate the of the thousand or so PROGRAMMERS.  Twelve testing statio operate simultaneously.  A HOMICIDE DETECTIVE supervises station.  JEROME reaches the head of the line.  He notes exiting COLLEAGUE holding a cotton ball to his arm. A NURSE directs Jerome to LAMAR's testing station.  Lamar deposits the previous patient's labeled vial into a blood carousel under the watchful eye of a large DETECTIVE, cle not relishing his assignment.  Jerome rolls up his sleeve
6) 99) text: Jesus--I'm sorry, Jerome. The large Homicide Detective winces and turns away from t arcing spray, a splash of blood spattering his shoes.  In midst of the commotion, with his practised sleight-of-han Jerome removes the vial from the syringe and replaces it another concealed vial.
6) 105) text: Need any more, you can always get it off his shoes. The Detective notices the spatter of blood across his bro and, with a look of disdain, wipes it clean.  He tosses t incriminating tissue down a hygenically sealed garbage sh Lamar places Jerome's labelled vial in the carousel where immediately analyzed by the computer.  Jerome's "legitima Employee ID code appears on the screen - <i>"VALID"</i>. EMPLOYEE enters the testing lab. INT.  GATTACA.  DAY. JEROME exits the testing lab with the gauze held to his a IRENE is standing outside the door.
6) 109) dialog: That's the last.
6) 111) dialog: (losing his patience)
6) 115) dialog: We don't have the manpower.
6) 117) dialog: From what budget?
6) 129) text: I think you'd better get some people out of bed, Detective. (a thought occurs)
6) 161) dialog: (to his colleagues)
6) 162) text: Check for lenses, hairpieces-- A Detective shines a flashlight in the eyes of a MALE PAT A SECOND DETECTIVE tugs the hair of a SECOND PATRON.  Jer takes Irene by the hand and escorts her out of the side e Several other COUPLES make for the parking lot.
6) 165) text: Those checks take forever. EXT.  MICHAEL'S CLUB - SIDE ALLEY.  NIGHT. Spilling out of the exit, JEROME and IRENE find a burly plain clothes DETECTIVE barring their way.  Before the De can say a word, Jerome has wrapped his fist in his jacket and smashed him in the face.  He continues to beat the De until he lies motionless on the ground.
6) 167) text: Jerome! Spying other Detectives some distance away in the parking Jerome leads Irene out of a hidden side gate.
6) 179) text: Irene, please. Irene realizes his seriousness.  She begins to run with h The clearing is wider than Jerome anticipated.  They are halfway across - extremely vulnerable if the Detective th look in their direction. INT.  MICHAEL'S.  NIGHT. The INVESTIGATOR is grilling MICHAEL, the club's owner. investigator suspiciously regards the multitude of mini-v the kitchen and the incinerator burning the refuse.
6) 190) dialog: (head in his hands)
6) 201) dialog: Where do we start?
6) 203) dialog: (handing the Investigator Irene's pill box)
6) 228) text: They said the same thing about myopia and obesity.  You think your children would be less human if they were less violent, angry, spiteful?  Maybe they'd be <i>more</i> human.  From where I sit the world could stand a little improving. We dwell on one DETECTIVE in particular, snatching a garb bag from CAESAR, the janitor.
6) 229) dialog: Don't touch that.  It's evidence. He puts a pile of discarded paper cups aside for later te INT.  GATTACA CORPORATION.  LATER THAT MORNING. In the vast, empty Gattaca complex the INVESTIGATOR inspe specimen bag containing Jerome's paper cup with DIRECTOR and DETECTIVE HUGO.
6) 230) dialog: Positive saliva match.  The cup was definitely used since the original sweep.
6) 244) dialog: He's the only absentee.
6) 275) dialog: This won't take a moment. Detective Hugo swabs Eugene's inner arm.  All eyes are tr on the tip of the needle as it punctures the vein.
6) 277) text: It's okay.  Maybe they can find out what I've got. Under the Investigator's watchful eye, Detective Hugo wit the syringe and immediately inserts a small amount of the into the portable analyzer he wears.  Naturally, it confi that Eugene is Jerome. Irene does her best to conceal her shock.  Hiding his frustration, the Investigator distractedly tours the room Hugo packs up his gear.  The Investigator idly toys with the telescope pointed out of the window. Next he wanders towards the closet and reaches for the do
6) 280) text: Over there. INT.  JEROME'S CONDOMINIUM - BATHROOM.  DAY. The INVESTIGATOR immediately pulls a specimen bag from hi jacket pocket and closely inspects the stainless steel to and sink.  They are both spotless.  The shower stall is a scrupulously clean.  He flushes the toilet and exits. Lost in thought, the INVESTIGATOR approaches the closet a and wheels out Jerome's upright vacuum cleaner.  He is disappointed a second time to find no vacuum bag inside. Investigator returns the vacuum cleaner to the closet and produces a mini-vac from Detective Hugo's crime bag.
6) 285) text: Actually, the kitchen needs doing. The Investigator switches on the mini-vac to take a speci from the floor, then promptly kills the machine.  Looking the Investigator notices the trail of Eugene's perspirati on the highly polished floor leading to the spiral stairc Eugene, reading the Investigator's mind, goes to call out the words remain frozen on his tongue.  Hugo follows his superior as they start to descend the stairs.  Irene and are left staring at one another. INT.  CONDO - STAIRCASE.  DAY. JEROME catches the merest glimpse of the INVESTIGATOR and DETECTIVE HUGO before he slips behind a doorway in Eugene condominium. Jerome anxiously regards Eugene's empty wheelchair sittin there.  On the stairs, Hugo's phone rings.
6) 286) dialog: (into phone, increasingly encouraged)
6) 287) text: Yes?...Yes...<i>yes</i>... The Investigator is already at the foot of the stairs in Eugene's condo when the Detective calls to him.
6) 288) dialog: (urgent, to Investigator)
6) 289) text: Come quickly.  We <i>have</i> him. The Investigator's eyes light up.  He retraces his steps up the staircase after Detective Hugo. INT.  JEROME'S CONDOMINIUM.  DAY. JEROME, white as a ghost, climbs the stairs, emerging int own condominium.  He embraces the beaming EUGENE, still s on the sofa.
6) 297) text: Irene. Jerome goes to follow but Eugene stops him. INT.  CRIME LABORATORY.  DAY. An EXTREME CLOSE UP of dried blood - brittle and cracking a pair of soiled latex gloves.  A latex head mask, suit o clothes and shoe covers are similarly caked.  The INVESTI and DETECTIVE HUGO watch as a white-coated FORENSIC TECHN feeds a minute sample of the dried blood into an analyzer The INVESTIGATOR wanders over to a one-way glass window t which he can observe DIRECTOR JOSEF, sitting numb but str serene in an interrogation room.  The Investigator, in a of shock himself, cannot yet bring himself to believe wha plainly obvious.
6) 299) text: This can't be him. The Detective regards his superior incredulously, intrigu he could still cling so stubbornly to his theory in the f such overwhelming evidence.
6) 300) dialog: (intrigued)
6) 316) dialog: It's not <i>exactly</i> him.
6) 319) dialog: (referring to the tissue)