0) 11) dialog: You keep your work station so clean, Jerome.
0) 13) dialog: I reviewed your flight plan.  Not one error in a hundred thousand keystrokes.  Phenomenal. (placing a hand on Jerome's shoulder)
2) 47) dialog: You're lucky to be getting out of this.
2) 49) dialog: The launch window is only open until week's end.  Tragic though this event may be, it hasn't stopped the planets turning. He glances towards a group of Detectives headed by HUGO.
2) 50) dialog: You'll have to excuse me, Jerome.  I have to meet with the authorities--naturally, we're co-operating in any way, although I won't tolerate a major disruption. (as he departs)
3) 147) text: Detective Hugo, it's a simple case of lost and found.  All we have to do is locate the man who's minus an eyelash and this murder will solve itself. We focus on JEROME at his work station.  Although he cont to work, he clrarly feels the presence of the INVESTIGATO the mezzanine floor behind him. A MEDICAL DIRECTOR approaches the programmer in the neigh work station - NAPOLEON, the programmer Jerome encountere the nightclub the previous evening.
3) 148) dialog: Napoleon, you're late for your substance test. Napoleon looks up, ashen-faced.  Jerome intervenes.
3) 150) dialog: Well, you take it <i>for</i> him, Jerome. The Medical Director departs.  Napoleon, stunned by the reprieve, approaches Jerome's work station and pretends t study the program on his computer screen.
4) 6) dialog: Often.
4) 9) dialog: We have to be certain.  Once they're up, we can hardly turn the boat around. On the treadmill below, Jerome glances to his watch as he the distress starting to show.  Caught up in the conversa Lamar has forgotten to end the work-out.  Remembering, he finally presses the "WARM-DOWN" button, slowing the tread
4) 13) dialog: What a relief.
4) 17) dialog: (referring to his assistant)
6) 81) dialog: --Somewhere in the dust of Gaspra is the key. (warming to his theme)
6) 90) dialog: I apologize, Jerome.
6) 119) text: I'll take it out of your damn <i>pension</i> if you question my authority one more time! The INVESTIGATOR turns his back on his subordinate and id contemplates the nearby telescope.  Hugo resignedly relay news to Director Josef who is standing some distance away Josef's immediate reaction is to march towards the Invest Hugo trailing behind.  DIRECTOR JOSEF collects himself as notices the Investigator's hand on the telescope.
6) 120) dialog: Would you care to look--in the telescope?
6) 122) dialog: (still referring to the telescope)
6) 126) dialog: Right now, <i>your</i> presence is creating more of a threat.  I don't think you have any concept of what we do here--how meticulous our preparations must be.  We are about to send twelve people through 140 million miles of blackness to rendezvous with an object the size of a house and the color of coal.  So it's rather critical to point them in the right direction. And we certainly don't need you looking over our shoulders.  Besides, I don't believe there is any evidence that the killer <i>is</i> amongst us.  I don't see too many other dead bodies littering the place.
6) 130) text: In the meantime we can re-check his favorite haunt. Director Josef quietly seethes.
6) 233) text: We test again.  You're right, Hugo, this was a desperate act.  Someone had a lot to lose that night--perhaps their place in line. (to Director Josef)
6) 235) dialog: (nervous)
6) 245) dialog: A little nausea.  Quite common.
6) 247) dialog: (unduly agitated)
6) 252) text: I understand you can show us the way. The anxious Director Josef calls out to protest one furth time but the Investigator is on his way out of the door. EXT.  STREET OUTSIDE GATTACA.  DAY. Outside the entrance to Gattaca, trying to hail a taxi, J is startled to see a car carrying the INVESTIGATOR, DETEC HUGO and IRENE roar out of the driveway.  JEROME calls on portable wristphone. INT.  EUGENE'S CONDOMINIUM.  DAY. EUGENE, at his window, filling sachets as usual, hesitate before answering the phone.
6) 297) text: Irene. Jerome goes to follow but Eugene stops him. INT.  CRIME LABORATORY.  DAY. An EXTREME CLOSE UP of dried blood - brittle and cracking a pair of soiled latex gloves.  A latex head mask, suit o clothes and shoe covers are similarly caked.  The INVESTI and DETECTIVE HUGO watch as a white-coated FORENSIC TECHN feeds a minute sample of the dried blood into an analyzer The INVESTIGATOR wanders over to a one-way glass window t which he can observe DIRECTOR JOSEF, sitting numb but str serene in an interrogation room.  The Investigator, in a of shock himself, cannot yet bring himself to believe wha plainly obvious.