0) 53) text: Those were early days--days when a priest could still persuade someone to put their faith in God's hands rather than those of the local geneticist.</i> Bathed in sweat, Maria gives a final push on the delivery While still attached to his umbilical cord, the heel of t NEWBORN BABY BOY is immediately pricked by a masked NURSE minute drop of blood is inserted into an analyzing machin Even as the baby is put into Maria's arms, page after pag data begins to appear on a monitor, pulsing warning signa throughout the spreadsheets. Two assisting NURSES exchange a look.  Antonio senses som amiss.
0) 70) text: My father got a good price.  After all, the only accident he'd ever had in that car was me.</i> As the BUYER drives away, Antonio shrugs to Maria to hide disappointment. EXT.  GENETIC COUNSELLING OFFICE BUILDING.  DAY. ANTONIO, MARIA and 2-YEAR-OLD VINCENT exit a packed commu bus and enter a Genetic Counselling office building beari the sign - "PRO-CREATION". INT.  GENETIC COUNSELLING OFFICE.  DAY. A GENETICIST stares into a high-powered microscope as ANT MARIA and 2-YEAR-OLD VINCENT are shown into the office by NURSE.  On the counter beside the Geneticist is a glass-d industrial refrigerator containing petri dishes arranged racks several feet high.
0) 71) dialog: (to the nurse, without taking his eyes from his binocular microscope)
0) 72) text: Put up the dish. While Antonio and Maria take a seat in front of a televis monitor, the Nurse puts a labelled petri dish under a vid equipped microscope.  The Geneticist swings around in his to greet his clients. Four magnified clusters of cells - eight cells on each cl - appear on the television screen.
0) 73) dialog: Your extracted eggs... (noting the couple's names from data along the edge of the screen)
0) 75) dialog: First, we may as well decide on gender. Have you given it any thought?
0) 77) text: We would like Vincent to have a brother... you know, to play with. The Geneticist nods.  He scans the data around the edge o screen.
0) 78) dialog: You've already specified blue eyes, dark hair and fair skin.  I have taken the liberty of eradicating any potentially prejudicial conditions - premature baldness, myopia, alcoholism and addictive susceptibility, propensity for violence and obesity--
0) 83) dialog: (reassuring)
0) 86) text: He's right, Maria.  That's right. Maria is only half-convinced, but the Geneticist swiftly on.
0) 87) dialog: Is there any reason you'd want a left-handed child?
0) 90) dialog: (explaining)
0) 94) dialog: (injecting a note of levity)
0) 96) dialog: (scanning the data on the screen)
0) 100) dialog: (conspiratorial smile)
0) 105) dialog: (interjecting, covering himself)
0) 108) dialog: It would be five thousand more. Antonio's face falls.
0) 110) dialog: Don't worry.  You'll probably do just as well singing to him in the womb. (rising to end the appointment)
0) 113) dialog: (reassuring)
0) 115) dialog: Smaller than a grain of sand.
2) 36) text: The majority of people are now made-to-order. What began as a means to rid society of inheritable diseases has become a way to design your offspring--the line between health and enhancement blurred forever.  Eyes can always be brighter, a voice purer, a mind sharper, a body stronger, a life longer.  Everyone seeks to give their child the best chance but the most skilled geneticists are only accessible to the priveleged few.</i In a nearby park MODEL CHILDREN from MODEL PARENTS play together. <i>JEROME (VO)