1) 42) text: Of course the best test score in the world wasn't going to get me in the front door unless I had the blood test to go with it.</i> EXT.  GATTACA.  NIGHT. While his fellow WORKERS sit on the steps at the service entrance to Gattaca, passing around an unlabeled bottle o liquor, VINCENT sits some distance away studying his text In the absence of a computer, he practices typing command keyboard handdrawn on the flap of a cardboard box. A tiny, seedy-looking man, GERMAN, forties, appears from nowhere and takes a seat beside him.
1) 43) dialog: (offering his hand)
1) 44) text: Vincent, I'm German-- (anticipating Vincent's response)
1) 47) dialog: (shrugs)
1) 50) dialog: You got a photo of yourself? Vincent produces a snapshot of himself - torn from the fa portrait.  German feeds the snapshot into the pocket-size computer he carries.  The picture is instantly scanned an appears on the computer's small color screen.  German ret the photograph and hastily departs. CAESAR, the elderly janitor, notices German's exit.
1) 53) dialog: Vincent...Vincent...
1) 55) text: German, is that you?
1) 56) dialog: Vincent, come down.  I've found him. INT.  IN-VALID HOUSING PROJECT.  NIGHT. GERMAN leads VINCENT through a maze of corridors. <i>JEROME (VO)
1) 58) dialog: (enthusiastically reading from data on his portable screen as he walks)
1) 61) dialog: No problem.  Before he dropped out he was an honor student, the right majors--
1) 63) dialog: (still reading data from his palm-top computer)
1) 65) text: Excuse me, <i>your</i> life. German has stopped walking as if they have arrived.
1) 67) text: Where is he? German reaches towards a PARAPLEGIC sitting in his wheelc in the stairwell directly in front of them, his head slum incriminating bong nestled in his lap.  German pulls the head up by the hair.  EUGENE.  Depsite the patchy, unkemp beard and thick glaze over his eyes he bears a striking similarity to Vincent.  Vincent holds a mirror beside the of the lethargic Eugene to compare his own reflection.
1) 68) dialog: (smiling confidently
1) 71) text: That's the hair color in his profile? German checks an entry in his computer:  <i>"HAIR: BLONDE
1) 72) dialog: Yeah.
1) 75) dialog: (irritated, impatient)
1) 86) dialog: (shrugs)
1) 89) dialog: There's a way. INT.  BACKSTREET SURGERY.  NIGHT. In a primitive operating theatre, VINCENT lies on a table lower legs masked off for surgery.  The SURGEON switches surgical saw and lines it up with handdrawn incision mark Metal struts are ready to elongate his legs. INT.  IN-VALID HOUSING PROJECT - APARTMENT.  DAY. GERMAN wheels the dazed EUGENE into the apartment, clutte with space paraphenalia.  One wheel of his rusting wheelc flimsily held on with wire.  VINCENT follows behind on cr both lower legs in casts and cross-braces.  Vincent signs contract German puts in front of him. EXT.  STREET OUTSIDE A BAR.  DAY. EUGENE, glassy-eyed, strides out of a bar, past camera an the street.  We hear a squeal of brakes and a sickening t INT.  HOUSING PROJECT - APARTMENT.  DAY. EUGENE awakens with a scream, bathed in sweat, arms bound bed - the only real piece of furniture in the room.  VINC sitting on a crate beside him, soaking a towel in a bowl water, is taken by surprise.  Eugene continues to scream thrash, fighting against his bindings.  Vincent stuffs th into Eugene's mouth and holds onto his arms. <i>JEROME (VO)
2) 14) dialog: (inspecting the lens in Jerome's eye)
2) 40) text: They are the "healthy ill".  They don't actually have anything yet - they may never. But since few of the pre-conditions can be cured or reversed, it is easier to treat them as if they were already sick.</i> As they enter a car, driven by GERMAN, Jerome spies a bea young GIRL, 11, sitting on the steps of the housing proje staring forlornly into space.  While there is no outward any deficiency, she is somehow aware that she is damaged Jerome glances in the rearview mirror. <i>JEROME (VO)
4) 97) text: Haven't you forgotten something? Jerome pockets the spectacles and enters the bathroom for contact lenses.  The horn sounds outside the window a sec time and Jerome hastily exits.  We stay with Eugene.  Ire catches a glimpse of him before he moves away from the wi Jerome emerges from the building. As the couple drive away, Eugene wheels himself to the fu length mirror.  He regards his own reflection for a momen opens the mirror - a disguised door opening into the adja apartment.  A cloud of condensed water vapor billows out. GERMAN, the DNA Broker, emerges with an ENGINEER. He sends the engineer on his way and joins Eugene at his Eugene hands German a credit card that he wipes through h computer.
4) 98) dialog: We still need to overhaul the back-up generator. (fixing Eugene with a penetrating stare)
4) 101) text: You got it, German.
4) 102) dialog: (nodding thoughtfully)