0) 15) text: You have a substance test. The Director briskly departs, Irene in tow.  At a nearby station, a painfully thin programmer, NAPOLEON, perks up the mention of the test. Jerome merely shrugs and pretends to reach down and scrat ankle.  However he surreptitiously produced one of Eugene transparent specimen bags from his sock.  An EXTREME CLOS reveals the bag's contents - flakes of skin, hair follicl eyelashes, a fingernail.  Cupping the bag in his hand to detection, Jerome sprinkles the fraudulent body matter ov keyboard, desk surfaces and the floor around his work sta He opens his desk drawer and casually scatters the remain the bag.  Finally he inspects a comb already laced with t hair follicles. Jerome rises from his work station and makes his way towa testing lab. INT.  GATTACA AEROSPACE CORPORATION - TESTING LABORATORY. White-coated LAMAR, forties, buzzcut, a man's man, checks JEROME's eyes with an instrument.  Satisfied with his examination, he passes a transparent plastic container to JEROME.  Standing directly in front of the technician wit back to camera, Jerome opens his fly.  A steady stream of begins to flow into the container from Jerome's hidden po
2) 51) text: I wish I was going with you, Jerome. As the pair depart, Jerome and Irene exchange a glance. is also aware of Jerome's unease. INT.  GATTACA - CORRIDOR.  DAY. We focus on JEROME's eyelash, still lying on the floor. A huge crescent-shaped hair that fills the screen.  Sudde there is a roar of a mini-vac and the eyelash is sucked u follow the eyelash's journey, down the throat of the clea into the specimen bag where it is sucked against the bag' clear, plastic wall. INT.  GATTACA - COMPUTER COMPLEX.  DAY. The DIRECTOR's corpse is sealed in a plastic bodybag and away on a gurney.  The blood and other body matter from t murder scene is sucked up by a portable wet-vac and the s bag appropriately labeled.
3) 3) text: What, no counselling? INT.  GATTACA COMPUTER COMPLEX - DIRECTOR'S OFFICE.  DAY. A WOMAN ASSISTANT whose keyboard was used in the attack h pause as a MAINTENANCE WORKER gives her work station a fi spray to return it to its former pristine condition.  A n keyboard is plugged into her monitor to replace the one t evidence. INT.  GATTACA COMPUTER COMPLEX.  DAY. JEROME opens his desk drawer to check his comb, now pluck completely clean.  He carefully places two of Eugene's ha the comb and scatters another bag of fraudulent matter ar his work station. INT.  GATTACA - SIMULATOR ROOM.  DAY. In a large, bare room a simulator does a slow dance back forth on its hydralic legs, miming the path of the space craft Jerome will soon be aboard.  The simulation ends an JEROME exits the simulator through a small door.  IRENE hesitantly approaches, carrying a slim electronic tablet.
3) 4) dialog: Excuse me, Jerome.  I'm sorry to bother you. Jerome turns, not displeased by the interruption.
3) 6) dialog: (referring to her notepad)
3) 9) dialog: Can that be, er, verified?  Were you alone?
3) 12) text: Looks bad, doesn't it, Irene?  What about <i>you?</i>  Where were you last night?
3) 13) dialog: I was at home.
3) 15) dialog: (hesitant)
3) 19) dialog: (wary, wondering where the conversation is headed)
3) 22) dialog: (confused)
3) 26) text: Well, shall we say we spent the evening together? Irene is still unsure whether or not Jerome is serious.
3) 27) dialog: To be convincing, Jerome, I would have to know what that was like. Irene turns and departs.  Jerome watches her go. INT.  EUGENE'S CONDOMINIUM.  NIGHT. The paraplegic EUGENE, seated by the window, meticulously a long fingernail into numerous clippings.  He places the clippings in small plastic bags and seals them.  He then to fill tiny sachets with blood.  He turns as he hears JE enter down the spiral staircase with the groceries.
3) 47) text: You're going to have to earn your supper.  I've got my final physical tomorrow. Jerome wheels Eugene's chair to a specially constructed p that allows the wheels to spin in mid-air.  Jerome tapes electrode to Eugene's chest and attaches the wire to a sl recording device.  Eugene begins to spin the wheel of the faster and faster.  Jerome monitors Eugene's steady heart through a set of headphones. INT.  GATTACA AEROSPACE CORPORATION - COMPUTER COMPLEX. The complex is virtually empty - only a handful of the hu of PROGRAMMERS working late into the night.  IRENE approa JEROME's work station on the pretext of delivering some documents.  Trying to act casually, she looks under the p on his desk, then opens the top desk drawer. We see an EXTREME CLOSE UP of the comb lying there - the hairs trapped between the teeth of the comb.  Irene remov of the follicles and drops it into an envelope she is car INT.  24-HOUR SEQUENCING LAB.  NIGHT. "SEQUENCING-WHILE-U-WAIT".  Similar to a 1-hour photo lab store - little more than a booth - displays a price list wall.  "FULL SEQUENCE - $80".  IRENE waits in line with a section of other CUSTOMERS.  She checks the contents of t envelope that contains the hair. The YOUNG WOMAN in line ahead of her allows the TECHNICIA take a swab from her full lips with a Q-tip.
3) 56) text: I'll see what I can do. The technician hands the swab to an ASSISTANT.  The Young is handed a number and takes a seat.  Irene hands her env over the counter.  She too is handed a number.  We follow Jerome's follicle as another TECHNICIAN places it in an analyzing machine. INT/EXT.  SEQUENCING LAB / PARKING LOT.  NIGHT. The TECHNICIAN returns the envelope to IRENE along with a miniature compact disc.
3) 58) text: 9.4...very nice. Irene does not appear to share the technician's enthusias She emerges from the sequencing lab and enters her car. a palm-top computer from her purse, she inserts the disc the computer.  Jerome's counterfeit genetic profile appea the screen.  The details confirm her worst fears. EXT.  MICHAEL'S DINNER CLUB.  NIGHT. JEROME and EUGENE, dressed to the nines, pull up in the c to a darkened doorway in a poorly lit street.  A VALET ap out of the shadows.  Familiar with the car, he goes immed to the trunk to retrieve Eugene's collapsible wheelchair. Jerome tips the valet - a credit card wiped through a dev INT.  MICHAEL'S DINNER CLUB.  NIGHT. The chic, elegant establishment inside belies its darkene exterior.  JEROME wheels EUGENE into a decadent dinner cl full of an odd assortment of people.  They are immediatel greeted respectfully by MICHAEL, the owner and maitre d'. Jerome and Eugene are obviously regulars.
3) 92) text: You know I'm scared of heights. INT.  CRIME LABORATORY - AUTOPSY ROOM.  NIGHT. The body and clothing of the MISSION DIRECTOR, lying on a examining table is scanned with a blue-light magnifying instrument.  Fingernail specimens are taken for analysis. another area of the laboratory, the labelled vacuum bags attached to analyzers and the contents sucked out and automatically identified.  ID names and photographs of GA EMPLOYEES begin appearing on a computer screen at high sp along with other personal details - all data automaticall logged for later review. The photographs and personal details of JEROME and IRENE past, amongst the faces of other employees. We focus on a magnified close up of JEROME'S EYELASH, sti clinging stubbornly to the side of its specimen bag.  We continue to follow its journey as it is finally sucked in analyzer. INT.  CRIME LAB - ANALYZER MACHINE.  NIGHT. Inside the machine, a minute, cell-thin sliver is sliced JEROME'S EYELASH and analyzed. INT.  INVESTIGATOR'S CRIME LAB.  NIGHT. A severed HUMAN TONGUE sits on a tray in a sterile, seale chamber.  Using gloves that protrude through the chamber' wall, face buried in a binocular eyepiece, the INVESTIGAT takes a swab from the tongue.
4) 0) text: Twenty GATTACA EMPLOYEES, identically-outfitted men and w run in a perfectly straight line towards the tranquil lak the picturesque grounds, never getting any closer to thei They run at a steady 10mph on twenty identical state-of-t treadmill machines sunken into the floor and arranged in uniform row facing a floor to ceiling window.  The strain beginning to show on many of the faces.  The heartrate of employee is monitored via a wireless electrode attached t chest. Outside in the sunshine the next batch of twenty EMPLOYEE limbers up in readiness for their physical.  JEROME's onl preparation consists of thoughtfully dragging on a cigarette while staring out at the man-made lake.  His nonchalant attitude disheartens nearby colleagues, includ IRENE who is amongst a group of workers excused from the by benevolent, over-protective TRAINERS.
4) 3) text: Six miles later it's still beating like a Goddamn metronome.  I could play piano by that heartbeat of his. The INVESTIGATOR and DETECTIVE HUGO enter the observation escorted by IRENE.
4) 15) text: This unaccountable specimen was found in the south wing corridor. In the room below, Jerome nonchalantly steps off the trea stealthily retrieves the recording device from beneath th control panel and returns it to his cigarette pack. He casually wipes off drops of sweat from the machine wit towel, briefly glances to Irene with the Investigators an to the locker room. The Director idly regards the image of VINCENT on Hugo's handheld screen.  He does not recognize the face.
4) 18) text: Irene will make it available to security. INT.  GATTACA - LOCKER ROOM.  DAY. JEROME wears his assured smile all the way along the corr and into the now empty locker room.  He exchanges a cheer greeting with an exiting COLLEAGUE, enters a shower stall closes the door behind him and promptly collapses on the stall floor. The effects of the gruelling work-out are only now appare longer sucking up the pain, he gulps air into his oxygen- lungs, his heart looking for a way through his tightened He writhes in agony on the white-tiled floor - a brutal r of the physical frailty he seeks to disguise. EXT.  GATTACA - GARDEN.  LUNCHTIME. In Gattaca's perfectly landscaped gardens JEROME, dressed recovered from his ordeal, joins his COLLEAGUES for lunch of the umbrella-covered tables.  While most of the others at unappetizing salads and take their individualized medi Jerome carries a steak sandwich on his tray. The sight of the juicy steak is greeted with envious look his colleagues.  Jerome pretends not to notice and rubs i liberally sprinkling salt onto the meat. However when Jerome looks over towards IRENE, she avoids contact.  When she abruptly gets up and leaves, Jerome fo thinking twice before depositing the napkin in the nearby trashcan.  A janitor reaches for the napkin.  It is the O Janitor, CAESAR, from Jerome's former life.
4) 21) text: We were looking at each other.  You stopped. Irene, also keeps her gaze ahead.
4) 22) dialog: I'm sorry.  I didn't mean anything.
4) 25) dialog: I know about you. Jerome turns to her, startled, trying to read her face. takes a deep breath and abruptly plucks a long, dark hair her head.
4) 26) dialog: (offering the hair to Jerome)
4) 28) dialog: (a challenge)
4) 31) text: Sorry, the wind caught it. Irene meets his gaze.  There is not a breath of wind.  Th hair lies, plainly visible on the ground. EXT.  GATTACA AEROSPACE COMPLEX.  AFTERNOON. As JEROME and IRENE walk between the wind turbines, Jerom pretends not to notice that Irene keeps furtively checkin pulse on her wrist.  They pause in the shade.
4) 34) dialog: Friend?
4) 37) dialog: They found an eyelash.
4) 39) dialog: In the South Wing.
4) 41) dialog: Just some In-Valid.  Vincent-- (trying to come up with the last name)
4) 44) dialog: (a smile playing around her lips)
4) 103) text: You deserve it. INT. CONCERT HALL - AUDITORIUM.  NIGHT. JEROME and IRENE step over feet, apologizing as they go, eventually finding their seats in a box in a sold-out con hall. On the stage below, a YOUNG PIANIST - a teenage prodigy - already taken his place at the keys of a grand piano.  Th pianist removes his white gloves and begins to play - an extremely complex and beautiful piece we have never heard before.  IRENE looks to JEROME.  He is clearly caught up music. EXT.  IN-VALID HOUSING PROJECT.  NIGHT. The music from the piano recital continues under the foll contrasting action.  A huge, brooding housing project.  P hang around on street corners.  Menace in the air - a fee impending violence. Suddenly unmarked police cars appear from all directions, blocking any escape route.  Dozens of PLAINCLOTHES DETECT pour out of the cars and onto the street. People scatter, many running straight into the arms of th Detectives.  OTHERS, spilling out of the housing project, also immediately apprehended. The Detectives quickly weed out those suspects not fittin Jerome's description - WOMEN, OLD MEN and TEENAGERS.  The shepherded off the street.  A line of IN-VALIDS is formed several hundred yards long.  Detectives begin to laboriou move along the line, taking finger-prick blood samples fr suspect - instantly confirming their identities with port analyzers worn on their hips. As if having the idea at the same time, TWO SEPARATE MEN suddenly bolt from the line, knowing that their blood wil incriminate them.  Other Detectives, watching for such es attempts, esaily apprehend them and escort them to a wait police van. With the raid under control, DETECTIVE HUGO indicates to INVESTIGATOR that it is safe to exit his car.  The Invest appears irritated, only half-glancing at the TWO MEN alre custody, apparently certain that neither one is his suspe
4) 120) dialog: (catching his look of astonishment)
4) 124) dialog: (picking up a resentment, confused)
6) 13) text: I'm not paying you to talk. INT/EXT.  IRENE'S CAR.  NIGHT. IRENE drives, JEROME at her side.  Cars are being flagged by uniformed POLICE OFFICERS.  Irene slows down behind th in front.  Spying an OFFICER shine a flashlight in the ey the MALE DRIVER up ahead, Jerome wipes the contact lenses his eyes and flicks them out of the passenger window when is not looking. An OFFICER approaches Jerome and, without a word, opens a electronic testing kit worn on his hip.  He removes a ste Q-tip and motions for Jerome to open his mouth so he can a culture.  Jerome waves his hand in front of his mouth, feigning embarrassment.
6) 15) text: Better not. (nodding in Irene's direction)
6) 16) text: Don't want to give you a contaminated specimen...if you get my meaning. IRENE plays along, shrugging coyly at the cop. We see an EXTREME CLOSE UP of Jerome's hand as he furtive retrieves a hair follicle attached to his shirt cuff.  Wi hair already in his fingers, he pretends to pluck a hair his head, faking a wince at the appropriate moment. The cop, wearing transparent latex gloves, takes the foll and places it in a receptacle in his kit.  After a short the hair confirms JEROME's driving ID which appears on th electronic screen.  As the cop departs, Irene looks questioningly at Jerome.
6) 18) text: You never know where those swabs have been. Irene nods, however clearly not convinced.  She shakes th from her mind.
6) 19) dialog: I want to show you something. She accelerates away.  We see the road ahead from Jerome' Without his contact lenses, it is a blur. INT.  MICHAEL'S CLUB.  NIGHT. After closing time, suited DETECTIVES vacuum the club in Jerome and Eugene dined the previous evening.  MICHAEL, t owner, looks on disdainfully.  Waiting in the background, regular CLEANERS - most likely In-valids themselves - smi each other, enjoying watching the cops do their work for EXT.  OCEAN HIGHWAY.  NIGHT. With no place to turn the car around, IRENE parks on the side of the six-lane highway.  In the darkness she dashes the car and, without a second thought, runs directly out the heavy commuter traffic.  Easily negotiating the on-co cars, she emerges safely on the other side of the highway JEROME, rounding the car from the passenger side, is abou follow, when he suddenly pulls up sharply at the curb.  W on his eyes, deprived of the benefit of their contact len From Jerome's POV, we see that the headlights rushing tow him are nothing but a series of fast-moving blurs - blurs merge together.  He is unable to distinguish between the vehicles or judge their distance.
6) 20) dialog: (calling back urgently from the other side, mindful of the light beginning to leak into the sky)
6) 21) text: Come on!  We'll miss it! Irene stares expectantly back at Jerome with her 20/20 vi unaware of his predicament.  Jerome puts a foot off the c the wrong moment and is almost collected by an on-coming Irene is taken-aback at his mistiming.  Does she detect a on Jerome's face?  To Jerome, the figure of Irene on the side of the highway is merely a featureless shape but he her expectation.  He touches the spectacles, still in his pocket, but they are an unthinkable option. He shakes the idea from his head and turns back to the sw flowing highway.  He makes up his mind - he cannot allow to be shamed, even at the risk of life and limb.  Hardly glancing at the traffic, he suddenly bolts blindly across road.  Headlights hurtling towards him, cars fortuitously brushing past his heels, horns blaring.  Jerome makes a f leap to the haven of the far curb, the rush of air from a fast-moving truck blowing him the final inches to the sid Irene is stunned by the near miss.  She is about to comme Jerome takes her by the arm and ushers her towards the du
6) 23) dialog: What did I tell you? Jerome nods.  However, to his eyes the rising yolk is not but an out-of-focus, abstract ink blot.
6) 24) dialog: I envy you, Jerome.
6) 26) dialog: I don't think so.  The only trip I'll make in space is around the sun-- (letting a handful of sand slip through her fingers)
6) 27) text: --on this satellite right here. Irene turns to Jerome.
6) 28) dialog: (blurting out what's really on her mind)
6) 29) text: --Listen, I don't want to waste your time and I <i>really</i> don't want you to waste <i>mine</i>. I don't know what you're after but I have a feeling I'm not it. Irene suddenly takes Jerome's hand and puts it up her sweater, onto her breast.  Although taken aback, Jerome m no effort to withdraw his hand.
6) 30) dialog: (enjoying his unease)
6) 35) dialog: Nothing yet.  I'll start experiencing symptoms in my late-fifties. (matter-of-fact)
6) 37) dialog: Of course I think about it every day.
6) 86) text: I wouldn't get your hopes up, Commander. Irene enters the craft.
6) 87) dialog: Excuse me, Mr Morrow.  The investigators have begun their testing.
6) 89) dialog: I'm afraid not.
6) 92) text: If your predecessor were still around we may not be going to Gaspra at all. That's what <i>I</i> would call inconvenient. Jerome exits the craft with Irene. INT.  GATTACA CORPORATION - CORRIDOR.  DAY. A line of MALE GATTACA EMPLOYEES snakes out the door and the corridor.  The INVESTIGATOR walks slowly down the lin trying to eyeball his suspect.  Concentrating on the shor dark-haired men in the line, he looks straight past JEROM However, as the Investigator ignores him and walks by, we haunted look in Jerome's eyes. INT.  GATTACA - TESTING LAB.  DAY. Every available TECHNICIAN is working to accommodate the of the thousand or so PROGRAMMERS.  Twelve testing statio operate simultaneously.  A HOMICIDE DETECTIVE supervises station.  JEROME reaches the head of the line.  He notes exiting COLLEAGUE holding a cotton ball to his arm. A NURSE directs Jerome to LAMAR's testing station.  Lamar deposits the previous patient's labeled vial into a blood carousel under the watchful eye of a large DETECTIVE, cle not relishing his assignment.  Jerome rolls up his sleeve
6) 105) text: Need any more, you can always get it off his shoes. The Detective notices the spatter of blood across his bro and, with a look of disdain, wipes it clean.  He tosses t incriminating tissue down a hygenically sealed garbage sh Lamar places Jerome's labelled vial in the carousel where immediately analyzed by the computer.  Jerome's "legitima Employee ID code appears on the screen - <i>"VALID"</i>. EMPLOYEE enters the testing lab. INT.  GATTACA.  DAY. JEROME exits the testing lab with the gauze held to his a IRENE is standing outside the door.
6) 106) dialog: So you didn't do it after all.
6) 154) dialog: What <i>is</i> this place?
6) 157) text: Let me order for you. Jerome selects a chocolate torte from the trolley.  Jerom savors a spoonful.  Irene is tempted but then remembers h
6) 158) dialog: I'd better not. She reaches for her elegant pill box.  Jerome takes anoth spoonful.
6) 162) text: Check for lenses, hairpieces-- A Detective shines a flashlight in the eyes of a MALE PAT A SECOND DETECTIVE tugs the hair of a SECOND PATRON.  Jer takes Irene by the hand and escorts her out of the side e Several other COUPLES make for the parking lot.
6) 163) dialog: Why are we leaving?
6) 165) text: Those checks take forever. EXT.  MICHAEL'S CLUB - SIDE ALLEY.  NIGHT. Spilling out of the exit, JEROME and IRENE find a burly plain clothes DETECTIVE barring their way.  Before the De can say a word, Jerome has wrapped his fist in his jacket and smashed him in the face.  He continues to beat the De until he lies motionless on the ground.
6) 166) dialog: (stunned)
6) 167) text: Jerome! Spying other Detectives some distance away in the parking Jerome leads Irene out of a hidden side gate.
6) 168) dialog: What about the car?
6) 171) dialog: Who are they?
6) 173) text: It's not safe.  I shouldn't have brought you here. Jerome drags Irene across a vast, desolate lot, lit only moonlight.  Feeling exposed, he breaks into a run.
6) 174) dialog: I can't.
6) 177) dialog: My medication.  I left it back there.
6) 179) text: Irene, please. Irene realizes his seriousness.  She begins to run with h The clearing is wider than Jerome anticipated.  They are halfway across - extremely vulnerable if the Detective th look in their direction. INT.  MICHAEL'S.  NIGHT. The INVESTIGATOR is grilling MICHAEL, the club's owner. investigator suspiciously regards the multitude of mini-v the kitchen and the incinerator burning the refuse.
6) 194) text: Quick, clean his teeth. Hugo uses a flashlight and a small dental-like implement to pick skin from Jerome's knuckles from between the Dete teeth.  The Investigator finds the hidden side door. EXT.  DESOLATE LOT.  NIGHT. JEROME and IRENE continue to sprint across the enormous v lot in the moonlight, splashing through deposits of mud a water.  Just as the gate opens in the distance, Jerome hu Irene into the safety of the undergrowth on the other sid Irene, out of breath, desperately feels for her pulse.
6) 195) dialog: (upset, a strangled protest)
6) 196) text: Are you trying to kill me?  Are you?! Don't you understand, I can't do that! Jerome tenderly removes Irene's hand from her pulse.
6) 204) text: We caught them trying to flush these, Sir. The Investigator carefully examines the heart pills. EXT.  IRENE'S APARTMENT.  NIGHT. JEROME walks IRENE to the steps of her apartment.  Jerome about departing but Irene takes him gently by the hand.
6) 205) dialog: So sure of what you can't do. Jerome follows her inside. INT.  IRENE'S BEDROOM.  NIGHT. JEROME and IRENE climb a staircase to her bedroom.  Witho another word they begin to make love. LATER THAT NIGHT, JEROME cannot sleep.  He rises quietly not to disturb IRENE.  He silently opens the double-windo the upstairs bedroom.  He carefully gathers his pillow fr bed and shakes it out of the window. Slowly Jerome turns to gaze at the wood floor.  In the mo we see an EXTREME CLOSE UP of a single hair lying on the floorboards.  Jerome bends and picks up the hair, trying identify it in the dim light.  On his hands and knees he to clean the floor with a towel.  Irene turns over in the bed.  Jerome freezes but she continues to sleep.  He real may be spreading even more of his skin and hair over the Overcome with frustration and the enormity of his task, h begins to quietly weep. EXT.  A FIELD.  DAWN. A light shroud of mist hangs over the trees that encircle grassy clearing beyond Irene's building.  Something lies center of the clearing. We jump-cut to an EXTREME CLOSE UP of two or three blades grass.  Bristles rain down on the blades.  Withotu access incinerator, the crouched, naked figure of JEROME dispose his whiskers, skin and hair in an open field.  His clothe in a neat pile at his side.  He pours glycolic acid over body and scrubs at his back, feet and hands with a brush. is a haunted, tortured look in his eyes as he tries despe to rid himself of himself. INT.  POOL.  MORNING. The INVESTIGATOR swims obsessively in his aquatic treadmi INT.  IRENE'S APARTMENT.  LATER THAT MORNING. Back in the bedroom, JEROME, partially dressed, holds IRE in bed.  She softly touches the scars on his shins.
6) 206) dialog: (referring to the shins)
6) 210) dialog: (comforted by the thought)
6) 217) dialog: (mildly irritated by what she perceives as his mocking)
6) 238) dialog: What is it?
6) 240) dialog: I'll miss you. Jerome is still focussed on the entranceway.
6) 241) dialog: (looking skywards)
6) 249) dialog: (picking up a phone)
6) 250) text: I'll call and let him know. The Investigator gently but firmly removes the phone from Irene's hand and replaces the receiver in the cradle.
6) 252) text: I understand you can show us the way. The anxious Director Josef calls out to protest one furth time but the Investigator is on his way out of the door. EXT.  STREET OUTSIDE GATTACA.  DAY. Outside the entrance to Gattaca, trying to hail a taxi, J is startled to see a car carrying the INVESTIGATOR, DETEC HUGO and IRENE roar out of the driveway.  JEROME calls on portable wristphone. INT.  EUGENE'S CONDOMINIUM.  DAY. EUGENE, at his window, filling sachets as usual, hesitate before answering the phone.
6) 256) text: I was never very good at it, remember? INT.  EUGENE'S CONDOMINIUM / HALLWAY.  DAY. With a look of resolve, EUGENE hangs up the phone. He wheels his chair up to the sweeping staircase and rega first of many dozen steps.  The daunting staircase spiral above him. INT.  INVESTIGATOR'S CAR.  DAY. HUGO drives.  The INVESTIGATOR looks to IRENE in the rear
6) 258) text: You don't know who he is, do you, Irene? He hands her the pill box found in Michael's.
6) 262) dialog: (a moment's hesitation)
6) 266) dialog: Good to see you're feeling better.
6) 268) dialog: It's about the Director.
6) 272) dialog: (to the Investigator)
6) 277) text: It's okay.  Maybe they can find out what I've got. Under the Investigator's watchful eye, Detective Hugo wit the syringe and immediately inserts a small amount of the into the portable analyzer he wears.  Naturally, it confi that Eugene is Jerome. Irene does her best to conceal her shock.  Hiding his frustration, the Investigator distractedly tours the room Hugo packs up his gear.  The Investigator idly toys with the telescope pointed out of the window. Next he wanders towards the closet and reaches for the do
6) 284) dialog: (taking Eugene's lead)
6) 285) text: Actually, the kitchen needs doing. The Investigator switches on the mini-vac to take a speci from the floor, then promptly kills the machine.  Looking the Investigator notices the trail of Eugene's perspirati on the highly polished floor leading to the spiral stairc Eugene, reading the Investigator's mind, goes to call out the words remain frozen on his tongue.  Hugo follows his superior as they start to descend the stairs.  Irene and are left staring at one another. INT.  CONDO - STAIRCASE.  DAY. JEROME catches the merest glimpse of the INVESTIGATOR and DETECTIVE HUGO before he slips behind a doorway in Eugene condominium. Jerome anxiously regards Eugene's empty wheelchair sittin there.  On the stairs, Hugo's phone rings.
6) 295) text: I could always walk.  I've been faking it. Jerome almost laughs, despite the situation.  Only now do notice Irene on the other side of the room, her mind raci She looks at Jerome and Eugene together and runs from the apartment.
6) 297) text: Irene. Jerome goes to follow but Eugene stops him. INT.  CRIME LABORATORY.  DAY. An EXTREME CLOSE UP of dried blood - brittle and cracking a pair of soiled latex gloves.  A latex head mask, suit o clothes and shoe covers are similarly caked.  The INVESTI and DETECTIVE HUGO watch as a white-coated FORENSIC TECHN feeds a minute sample of the dried blood into an analyzer The INVESTIGATOR wanders over to a one-way glass window t which he can observe DIRECTOR JOSEF, sitting numb but str serene in an interrogation room.  The Investigator, in a of shock himself, cannot yet bring himself to believe wha plainly obvious.
6) 363) dialog: Hello. No reply.  Irene hesitantly ventures further, drawn to th spiral staircase.  She tentatively makes her way down the and into Eugene's dimly lit condominium.  With wonder and reverence, she examines the instruments and samples laid Eugene's work benches.  She opens the refrigerator in the bathroom and inspects the samples and sachets.  Finally s regards the empty incinerator.
6) 367) dialog: I've been looking for him.  Do you know where he is?
6) 371) dialog: What's wrong with him?
6) 373) text: You have more in common than you know. Irene's hand involuntarily goes to her heart.
6) 375) text: For all my gifts, they could never engineer me a heart like Vincent's. Irene turns back to the incinerator, lost in though. EXT.  BEACH.  NIGHT. JEROME and ANTON walk down a dune together towards the be far from Gattaca - an ocean beach pounded by an angry, bl sea.  Jerome picks up a sharp piece of shell and slices t of his thumb.  A drop of blood oozes out.  He offers the to Anton but Anton does not take it. Both men begin to disrobe.  The brothers stand beside eac on the sand once again - Anton still the more athleticall of the two. Together, they enter the raging surf.  Diving through the breaking waves, they begin to swim. In the moonlit night, we watch their two bodies swimming side.  They swim a long distance, Anton waiting for his b to tire.  But the pace does not slacken.  Anton pulls up water.  Sensing his brother is no longer beside him, Jero pulls up.  They tread water several yards apart.
6) 386) text: You wanted to know how I did it.  That's how I did it, Anton.  I never saved anything for the swim back. Anton stares at Jerome, aghast.  The two men face each ot silence, treading water several yards apart in the dark, ocean. Jerome turns and heads back towards the shore.  Anton is alone with the terrifying realization.  The only sound, t and the water. EXT.  CONDOMINIUM.  NIGHT. JEROME, dishevelled and distressed, arrives back at the condominium.  He notices IRENE standing at the edge of th She turns.  He approaches her.  They stand several yards Looking into each other's eyes, they do not speak.  Jerom abruptly pulls a hair from his head - for once one of his
6) 388) text: Here, take it. Irene takes the hair, the significance not lost on her.
6) 390) text: If you're still interested, let me know. Irene contemplates the hair in her fingers for a moment, deliberately lets it fall to the ground.
6) 391) dialog: (never taking her eyes from him, echoing Jerome's words from their first encounter)
6) 392) text: Sorry, the wind caught it. Once again there is not a breath of wind.  The hair lies, plainly visible on the edge of the pool. From an upstairs window, EUGENE observes the couple. INT.  JEROME'S CONDOMINIUM.  NIGHT. We watch the silhouette of IRENE and JEROME making love i the bedroom. INT.  EUGENE'S CONDOMINIUM.  NIGHT. EUGENE, sitting in his darkened room, unscrews the cap of plastic container and places it on a nearby table.  We re on Eugene's face as he opens his fly. INT.  JEROME'S CONDOMINIUM.  NIGHT. IRENE and JEROME lie in bed together after making love. once Jerome is able to sleep unconcerned.  It is Irene wh awake, head against JEROME'S chest, listening to the soun his erratically beating heart.  However it has a soothing effect on her. She kisses Jerome and reluctantly rises from the bed.
6) 395) dialog: Not so long--just once around the sun. Jerome smiles.  For once Irene seems to be looking forwar to the trip.  She exits the room. INT.  INCINERATOR.  MORNING. Inside the incinerator, JEROME scrapes away at himself - final time.  He wistfully regards the brush in his hand. INT.  EUGENE'S CONDOMINIUM.  MORNING. JEROME, dressed for his departure, emerges down the spira staircase into Eugene's condo.  Jerome notices several su at the foot of the stairs. EUGENE wheels into the room.