0) 12) dialog: --Next to Godliness, isn't that what they say? The Director smiles at the notion and places a computer d on Jerome's desk.
0) 14) text: It's right that someone like you is taking us to the Belt. (glancing to notification on Jerome's screen)
0) 15) text: You have a substance test. The Director briskly departs, Irene in tow.  At a nearby station, a painfully thin programmer, NAPOLEON, perks up the mention of the test. Jerome merely shrugs and pretends to reach down and scrat ankle.  However he surreptitiously produced one of Eugene transparent specimen bags from his sock.  An EXTREME CLOS reveals the bag's contents - flakes of skin, hair follicl eyelashes, a fingernail.  Cupping the bag in his hand to detection, Jerome sprinkles the fraudulent body matter ov keyboard, desk surfaces and the floor around his work sta He opens his desk drawer and casually scatters the remain the bag.  Finally he inspects a comb already laced with t hair follicles. Jerome rises from his work station and makes his way towa testing lab. INT.  GATTACA AEROSPACE CORPORATION - TESTING LABORATORY. White-coated LAMAR, forties, buzzcut, a man's man, checks JEROME's eyes with an instrument.  Satisfied with his examination, he passes a transparent plastic container to JEROME.  Standing directly in front of the technician wit back to camera, Jerome opens his fly.  A steady stream of begins to flow into the container from Jerome's hidden po
0) 17) text: Jerome...never shy.  Pisses on command. You've got a beautiful cock.  I ever told you that, Jerome?
0) 18) dialog: (deadpan as he continues to urinate)
0) 19) text: Only every time I'm in here. Jerome hands the container to Lamara who seals and label Jerome refastens his trousers.
0) 23) dialog: I'll tell you at the end of the week. Jerome departs. INT.  GATTACA - RESTROOM.  DAY. JEROME enters the restroom and glances at the toilet stal Only three in the bank of twenty is occupied.  He tarries mirror above the uniform line of basins, unnecessarily reknotting his tie. A toilet flushes and a COLLEAGUE exits one of the stalls. and Jerome exchange a nod.  When the man has exited the r Jerome enters the man's vacated stall. INT.  GATTACA - TOILET STALL.  DAY. JEROME immediately feels around the back of the toilet bo detaches a secreted stainless steel container. With surprising swiftness and dexterity, Jerome removes a extremely fine contact lens from each eye and drops the p into the toilet bowl.  He inserts two replacement lenses the container and reattaches it in its hiding place. Jerome flushes the toilet and exits the stall.  He checks mirror that his new contact lenses are properly inserted. INT.  GATTACA - CORRIDOR.  DAY. Walking back along one of the long, glass-walled corridor JEROME becomes aware of a peculiar noise in the complex - or to be more precise, a lack of noise.  The incessant ta of computer keys has stilled. As Jerome gazes through the glass walled corridor, we see reflection of his face, deep in thought. <i>JEROME (VO)
0) 24) text: The most unremarkable of events.  Jerome Morrow, Navigator First class, is only days away from a one-year manned mission to 951 Gaspra in the Outer Asteroid Belt.  Nothing so unique in that.  Last year over one thousand citizens from every walk of life embarked on some space mission or other.  Besides, selection for Jerome was virtually guaranteed at birth.  He is blessed with all the physical and intellectual gifts required for such an arduous undertaking, a genetic quotient second to none.</i> Jerome's gaze drifts to the sky. <i>JEROME (VO)
0) 25) text: No, there is truly nothing remarkable about the progress of Jerome Morrow, except that I am not Jerome Morrow.</i>
0) 27) text: I was conceived in the Riviera.  Not the </i>French<i> Riviera.</i> The camera tilts down further to find a Buick Riviera par a deserted beachfront parking lot on a polluted stretch o beach. <i>JEROME (VO)
0) 28) text: The </i>Detroit<i> variety.</i> Through the car's steamed windows we see Jerome's mother father, MARIA and ANTONIO, early twenties, making love. <i>JEROME (VO)
0) 52) text: The child won't thank you! INT.  DELIVERY ROOM.  DAY. We focus on a crucifix dangling on a rosary.  Tilting up the rosary clasped between MARIA and ANTONIO's intertwine hands. <i>JEROME (VO)
0) 65) text: Oh, Vincent, Vincent, Vincent...I can't let you out of my sight. Maria frantically listens to her young son's heartbeat. his part, Vincent appears surprised by the attention.  Ma places a portable oxygen mask over Vincent's mouth. <i>JEROME (VO)
0) 66) text: I was born Vincent Antonio Luca.  And from an early age I came to think of myself as others thought of me - chronically ill. Every skinned knee and runny nose treated as if it were life-threatening.</i> INT.  DAY CARE CENTER.  DAY. MARIA and ANTONIO drop off dark-haired 2-YEAR-OLD VINCENT Day Care Center. <i>JEROME (VO)
0) 67) text: And my parents soon realized that wherever I went, my genetic prophecy preceded me.</i> While HEALTHY CHILDREN play outside on tricycles, clamber jungle-gyms and finger-paint, the PRE-SCHOOL TEACHER show Vincent into a room where CHILDREN WITH OBVIOUS DISABILIT sleep on mats. Maria wheels around and marches out of the center with Vi in her arms.  Antonio follows close behind, pleading with wife to see sense. <i>JEROME (VO)
0) 68) text: They put off having any more children until they could afford not to gamble - to bring a child into the world in what has become the "natural" way.</i> EXT.  HOME.  DAY. ANTONIO reluctantly shows off his spotless Buick Riviera prospective BUYER. <i>JEROME (VO)
1) 0) text: A red pencil draws a mark on a doorway at the height of a child's head.  The child moves away and the name, <i>"ANT written beside the mark by proud father, ANTONIO. <i>JEROME (VO)
1) 1) text: That's how my brother, Anton, came into the world - a son my father considered worthy of his name.</i> There is little physical similarity between 11-YEAR-OLD A and 13-YEAR-OLD VINCENT standing beside him, apart from t height.  In fact Vincent is mortified to see that his you brother's mark is a fraction of an inch higher than the m beside his own name, <i>"VINCENT 13"</i>.  Vincent runs f EXT.  BEACH.  DAY. 13-YEAR-OLD VINCENT and 11-YEAR-OLD ANTON sit together on windswept beach. Anton picks up a broken shell and deliberately slices the his thumb with the sharp edge.  He hands the shell to Vin who hesitantly follows suit. <i>JEROME (VO)
1) 2) text: By the time we were playing at blood brothers I understood that there was something very different flowing through my veins.</i> The two brothers press their thumbs together, merging the <i>JEROME (VO)
1) 3) text: And I'd need an awful lot more than a drop if I was going to get anywhere.</i> EXT.  BEACH.  LATER IN THE DAY. While ANTONIO and MARIA doze under a beach umbrella, ANTO VINCENT enter the water, diving through the waves.  From we watch their two young bodies swimming beside each othe beyond the breakers. <i>JEROME (VO)
1) 4) text: Our favorite game was "chicken".  When our parents weren't watching, we used to swim outside the flags, as far out as we dared.  It was about who would get scared and turn back first.</i> Suddenly VINCENT stops swimming, pulling up sharply in th water, exhausted and fearful.  He watches ANTON swim on i distance. <i>JEROME (VO)
1) 5) text: Of course, it was always me.  Anton was by far the stronger swimmer and he had no excuse to fail.</i> INT.  SCHOOL - CLASSROOM.  DAY. A TEACHER gives a physics lesson.  The bespectacled 13-YE VINCENT has his arm energetically raised at each opportun is never called upon.  Eventually he lowers his arm in de <i>JEROME (VO)
1) 10) text: I was popular enough until it got around that I wasn't a long-term proposition.</i> The love-making intensifies.  The YOUNG WOMAN moves down Vincent's chest and unzips his fly. <i>JEROME (VO)
1) 11) text: Those who didn't know already could easily find out for themselves.  It was certainly no problem coaxing the information out of me.</i> We remain on Vincent's face as he climaxes.  The YOUNG WO turns her head away from the spent Jerome and, out of his view, trickles semen from her mouth into a clear specimen <i>JEROME (VO)
1) 18) text: For God's sake, Vincent, don't you understand. The only way you'll see the inside of a space ship is if you're cleaning it! Vincent looks at his father in disbelief. On a dinner table on the other side of the living room, 1 OLD ANTON looks up from the biological specimen he is stu with a magnifying glass. INT.  PERSONNEL OFFICE - WAITING ROOM.  DAY. 17-YEAR-OLD VINCENT hides his glasses in his pocket as he a WAITING ROOM.  He gazes around at other APPLICANTS. <i>JEROME (VO)
1) 19) text: My father was right.  It didn't matter how much I lied on my resumГ€, my real C.V. was in my cells.  Why should anybody invest all that money to train </i>me<i>, when there are a thousand other applicants with a far cleaner profile?  Of course, it's illegal to discriminate - "genoism" it's called - but no one takes the laws seriously.</i> As Jerome enters the office, we focus on the doorhandle h just touched. <i>JEROME (VO)
1) 20) text: If you refuse to disclose, they can always take a sample from a doorhandle...</i> Vincent hesitates before shaking the PERSONNEL OFFICER's outstretched hand. <i>JEROME (VO)
1) 21) text: ...or a handshake...</i> We focus on Jerome's envelope attached to his application sitting on the Manager's desk. <i>JEROME (VO)
1) 22) text: ...even the saliva off your application form.</i> Sitting opposite the manager, Jerome's face falls.  The m puts a clear, plastic cup in front of Jerome. <i>JEROME (VO)
1) 23) text: But for the most part we know who we are. And if all else fails, a legal drug test can just as easily become an illegal peek at your future in the company.</i> Vincent saves the Manager the trouble and exits the offic leaving the cup where it sits. EXT.  BEACH.  DAY. 17-YEAR-OLD JEROME walks up the beach to find 15-YEAR-OLD sitting with the YOUNG WOMAN Vincent had previously dated <i>JEROME (VO)
1) 26) text: You sure you want to do this? Vincent's answer is to walk towards the water.  Anton smi mockingly at his brother's grim "game face" and follows. From an aerial view we watch VINCENT and his younger brot swim beyond the breakers. <i>JEROME (VO)
1) 31) text: It's okay.  It's the way they want it. <i>JEROME (VO)
1) 32) text: It confirmed everything in the minds of my parents - that they had taken the right course with my younger brother and the wrong course with me.  It would have been so much easier for everyone if </i>I<i> had slipped away that day.  I decided to grant them that wish.</i> INT.  HOME.  NIGHT. ANTON stands at the mantlepiece in the dimly-lit living r He gazes at a framed family portrait - Vincent's face has torn out of it.  He suddenly spies VINCENT exiting the fr gate, carrying a suitcase.  Anton goes to shout Vincent's but the words don't get out. EXT.  GATTACA.  DAWN. A pick-up truck, packed with a CLEANING CREW, pulls into rear of the building.  They are no longer strictly the mi workers we have come to expect but rather a mixture of ethnicities - all members of a genetic underclass that do discriminate by race. As VINCENT exits the truck and turns towards the camera, discover that he has now matured into the man we have com know as JEROME.  The only visible differences are the gla wears and his hair, still naturally dark. <i>JEROME (VO)
1) 33) text: Like many others in my situation, I moved around a lot in the next few years, getting work where I could.  I must have cleaned half the toilets in the state.</i> We follow VINCENT through the course of a day.  Cleaning restrooms, toilets, picking up litter, sweeping, washing windows - gazing at the AEROSPACE WORKERS below.  The bui is part of the Gattaca facility, located near a shuttle l site.  Throughout the day, with the regularity of 747's, spies rocket ships in the distance, launching into the sk Jerome's is the only head that turns and looks up.  Long the sun has set, Vincent is still working.  Another rocke lights up the darkness.  Vincent gazes forlornly into the heavens. EXT. GATTACA - GLASS WALL.  DAY. VINCENT cleans a window from the outside, staring in at t arrogant GATTACA EMPLOYEES entering the security channels a smaple taken from their fingertips.  Jerome, in a tranc constantly cleans the same spot of glass.  He fails to no Older Janitor, CAESAR, appear beside him.
1) 41) dialog: He fell.  Lucky it was only the second floor. The owner nods and returns to his magazine.  When he look again one of his tripods is missing its telescope and Jer nowhere to be seen. INT.  IN-VALID HOUSING PROJECT.  NIGHT. JEROME returns to his bare apartment.  He removes the clo covering the bucket to reveal a dumpy-shaped telescope sn wedged inside.  He starts to pour over his collection of textbooks.  Other tattered space paraphenalia adorns the <i>JEROME (VO)
1) 103) text: ...but I was being groomed for something like this myself.  Even without the accident I don't think I would have made it.  My point is--how the hell do <i>you</i> expect to pull this off? Jerome merely stares back as if the thought of failure ha occurred to him.
1) 105) text: I don't know exactly, Jerome.
1) 108) text: Call me by my middle name--Eugene--If you're going to be Jerome, you may as well start getting used to it.
2) 0) text: JEROME looks through Eugene's personal effects, including photograph album.  He is drawn to a swimming medal inside album at a page displaying a photo of a wealthy, austere MOTHER - Eugene evidently comes from money. Even as he wheels into the room in his rickety wheelchair that EUGENE has the bearing of someone of good breeding. a bag of blood on his lap.  More blood is being drawn fro arm through an IV.  Eugene catches Jerome looking at the
2) 1) dialog: (guiltily closing the book)
2) 4) dialog: (referring to Eugene's medal, impressed)
2) 7) text: It's not easy living up to this. Eugene wheels away. INT.  HOUSING PROJECT - APARTMENT.  DAY. JEROME practises writing with his right hand, trying to replicate Eugene's signature.
2) 10) dialog: (rueful)
2) 15) text: It's no good.  I can see an edge.  He may as well walk in there with a cane. INT.  HOUSING PROJECT - APARTMENT.  DAY. The Optometrist has been replaced in the living room with BLACK MARKET DENTIST who bonds JEROME's small, gapped tee match EUGENE's perfectly straight, white picket fences. INT.  HOUSING PROJECT - APARTMENT.  DAY. Hair already bleached and cut to match Eugene's hairstyle JEROME sits in a chair against a hastily erected white pa backdrop.  From his wheelchair, EUGENE puts the finishing touches to Jerome's hair.  He wheels himself out of the w The final accomplice in Jerome's deception, a BLACK MARKE COMPUTER GRAPHICS DESIGNER, takes Jerome's photo with a v camera.  Manipulating the captured image, the Designer mo Jerome's face into the face of Eugene.  The resulting pho spits out of a printer is neither one nor the other but a acceptable combination of the two. INT.  HOUSING PROJECT - APARTMENT.  DAY. EUGENE is starting to prepare Jerome's specimen bags for first time.  He winces in pain as he plucks several hairs his head.  JEROME, now out of his casts, prepares job applications.
2) 18) dialog: <i>More</i> than that.  You'll get used to it.
2) 21) dialog: (inspecting a hair follicle)
2) 24) text: God, you're serious, aren't you? Jerome ignores him.  Having learnt his lesson, he hands t envelopes to EUGENE to lick the flaps. INT.  HOUSING PROJECT - APARTMENT.  DAY. JEROME is doing a late-minute cram on a geriatric compute the late 1990's.  Checking the time, Jerome hurriedly pic the shirt that EUGENE has been ironing from a prone posit the floor.
2) 25) dialog: It's not too late to back out.
2) 27) dialog: What about you?  What's in this for you, Eugene?
2) 29) text: Listen, I bag this stuff anyway.  It may as well pay my rent. Jerome hurrise to the bathroom where, with some difficult inserts his urine device for the first time.  The new imp Jerome emerges into the living room ready for his intervi INT.  GATTACA CORPORATION - TESTING LAB.  DAY. JEROME emerges from a bathroom and hands a TECHNICIAN his plastic cup full of fraudulent urine and inserts it into analyzer.
2) 32) dialog: (perplexed)
2) 35) text: That was it. EXT.  GATTACA.  DAY. JEROME, scarcely able to disguise his delight, exits Gatt trying not to stare at the superb specimens who are now h "colleagues". <i>JEROME (VO)
2) 36) text: The majority of people are now made-to-order. What began as a means to rid society of inheritable diseases has become a way to design your offspring--the line between health and enhancement blurred forever.  Eyes can always be brighter, a voice purer, a mind sharper, a body stronger, a life longer.  Everyone seeks to give their child the best chance but the most skilled geneticists are only accessible to the priveleged few.</i In a nearby park MODEL CHILDREN from MODEL PARENTS play together. <i>JEROME (VO)
2) 37) text: Anyone who is the product of an altered DNA is proudly referred to as a "DAN", "self-made man or woman", "man-child". </i> INT.  HOUSING PROJECT - APARTMENT.  NIGHT. JEROME wheels EUGENE out of their housing project.  He ta the neighborhood for the last time.  We focus on a POOR C cradling an INFANT. <i>JEROME (VO)
2) 38) text: Those parents who, for moral or, more likely economic reasons, refrain from tampering with their offspring's genetic makeup or who fail to abort a deprived fetus condemn their children to a life of routine discrimination.</i> We glimpse other PEOPLE in the neighborhood.  They appear but, for the most part, physically normal.  However a pal gloom hangs over them. <i>JEROME (VO)
2) 39) text: Officially they are called "In-Valids"*.  Also known as "godchildren", "men-of-god", "faith births", "blackjack births", "deficients", "defectives", "genojunk", "ge-gnomes", "the fucked-up people".</i> [* "IN-VALID" pronounced as in "an invalid license"] <i>JEROME (VO)
2) 40) text: They are the "healthy ill".  They don't actually have anything yet - they may never. But since few of the pre-conditions can be cured or reversed, it is easier to treat them as if they were already sick.</i> As they enter a car, driven by GERMAN, Jerome spies a bea young GIRL, 11, sitting on the steps of the housing proje staring forlornly into space.  While there is no outward any deficiency, she is somehow aware that she is damaged Jerome glances in the rearview mirror. <i>JEROME (VO)
2) 41) text: By means of a donor I have cheated the system for the last four years to open doors that would otherwise be closed to me.</i> Jerome wheels Eugene into the palatial condominium comple the two men now reside. INT.  GATTACA.  PRESENT DAY. We return to JEROME's reflection in the glass.  Other GAT EMPLOYEES are gradually gathering behind him. <i>JEROME (VO)
2) 42) text: In the guise of Jerome Morror I have risen quickly through the ranks of Gattaca.  Only one of the Mission Directors has ever come close to discovering my true identity.</i> We now see what Jerome has been gazing at through the win the whole time - the sight that has brought a hush to the complex.  Through an open office door lies the body of a man - the MURDERED DIRECTOR, lying where he has just been discovered, in a pool of his own blood. <i>JEROME (VO)
2) 43) text: Strange to think, he may have more success exposing me in death than he did in life.</i> Jerome wipes his eye and also goes to investigate.  We fo an extreme close up of his EYELASH.  Loosened by Jerome's it breaks free and floats gently down to the floor where comes to rest. INT.  GATTACA AEROSPACE CORPORATION.  MORNING. DETECTIVE HUGO, late-forties, wearing a crime-scene hygen and gloves and a full clear mask - looking more like a su or a toxic waste worker than a detective - places a blood spattered computer keyboard alongside the Director's shat skull.  The indentations match the blunt corner of the ke Hugo detaches the dangling keyboard from its parent compu seals the likely murder weapon in a marked, transparent p bag. A CREW of similarly-suited homicide detectives systematic vacuum the surrounding office area with metallic, industr looking mini-vacs.  Once each work space has been vacuume transparent plastic vacuum bag is detached, sealed and la OTHER DETECTIVES video the scene with camcorders.  Video spit out of the cameras for instant inspection. EXT.  GATTACA - LANDSCAPED GARDENS.  DAY. A silicon police tape cordons off the crime scene.  From landscaped garden, a crowd of GATTACA EMPLOYEES view the proceedings through the glass walls.
2) 48) dialog: We're still going ahead as planned?
2) 51) text: I wish I was going with you, Jerome. As the pair depart, Jerome and Irene exchange a glance. is also aware of Jerome's unease. INT.  GATTACA - CORRIDOR.  DAY. We focus on JEROME's eyelash, still lying on the floor. A huge crescent-shaped hair that fills the screen.  Sudde there is a roar of a mini-vac and the eyelash is sucked u follow the eyelash's journey, down the throat of the clea into the specimen bag where it is sucked against the bag' clear, plastic wall. INT.  GATTACA - COMPUTER COMPLEX.  DAY. The DIRECTOR's corpse is sealed in a plastic bodybag and away on a gurney.  The blood and other body matter from t murder scene is sucked up by a portable wet-vac and the s bag appropriately labeled.
3) 3) text: What, no counselling? INT.  GATTACA COMPUTER COMPLEX - DIRECTOR'S OFFICE.  DAY. A WOMAN ASSISTANT whose keyboard was used in the attack h pause as a MAINTENANCE WORKER gives her work station a fi spray to return it to its former pristine condition.  A n keyboard is plugged into her monitor to replace the one t evidence. INT.  GATTACA COMPUTER COMPLEX.  DAY. JEROME opens his desk drawer to check his comb, now pluck completely clean.  He carefully places two of Eugene's ha the comb and scatters another bag of fraudulent matter ar his work station. INT.  GATTACA - SIMULATOR ROOM.  DAY. In a large, bare room a simulator does a slow dance back forth on its hydralic legs, miming the path of the space craft Jerome will soon be aboard.  The simulation ends an JEROME exits the simulator through a small door.  IRENE hesitantly approaches, carrying a slim electronic tablet.
3) 5) dialog: No bother.
3) 8) dialog: Last night?  I was at home. Irene makes a note with her stylus.
3) 10) dialog: No it can't be verified.  Yes I was alone. Irene makes another note.
3) 11) dialog: (wry smile)
3) 14) dialog: Were <i>you</i> alone?
3) 17) dialog: (teasing)
3) 21) dialog: Why don't we say we were together?
3) 24) dialog: I have better things to do this week than answer the foolish questions of some flatfoot. Don't you? Irene contemplates the question.
3) 25) dialog: (gently pressing)
3) 26) text: Well, shall we say we spent the evening together? Irene is still unsure whether or not Jerome is serious.
3) 31) dialog: The Mission Director.
3) 34) dialog: They found him in his office this morning-- beaten so bad they had to check his nametag. Eugene takes in the news, a smile broadening across his f
3) 36) dialog: He was still warm when they confirmed.
3) 39) dialog: The place is crawling with Hoovers.
3) 41) dialog: That's not the point.
3) 46) dialog: (still tempering Eugene's enthusiasm)
3) 47) text: You're going to have to earn your supper.  I've got my final physical tomorrow. Jerome wheels Eugene's chair to a specially constructed p that allows the wheels to spin in mid-air.  Jerome tapes electrode to Eugene's chest and attaches the wire to a sl recording device.  Eugene begins to spin the wheel of the faster and faster.  Jerome monitors Eugene's steady heart through a set of headphones. INT.  GATTACA AEROSPACE CORPORATION - COMPUTER COMPLEX. The complex is virtually empty - only a handful of the hu of PROGRAMMERS working late into the night.  IRENE approa JEROME's work station on the pretext of delivering some documents.  Trying to act casually, she looks under the p on his desk, then opens the top desk drawer. We see an EXTREME CLOSE UP of the comb lying there - the hairs trapped between the teeth of the comb.  Irene remov of the follicles and drops it into an envelope she is car INT.  24-HOUR SEQUENCING LAB.  NIGHT. "SEQUENCING-WHILE-U-WAIT".  Similar to a 1-hour photo lab store - little more than a booth - displays a price list wall.  "FULL SEQUENCE - $80".  IRENE waits in line with a section of other CUSTOMERS.  She checks the contents of t envelope that contains the hair. The YOUNG WOMAN in line ahead of her allows the TECHNICIA take a swab from her full lips with a Q-tip.
3) 56) text: I'll see what I can do. The technician hands the swab to an ASSISTANT.  The Young is handed a number and takes a seat.  Irene hands her env over the counter.  She too is handed a number.  We follow Jerome's follicle as another TECHNICIAN places it in an analyzing machine. INT/EXT.  SEQUENCING LAB / PARKING LOT.  NIGHT. The TECHNICIAN returns the envelope to IRENE along with a miniature compact disc.
3) 58) text: 9.4...very nice. Irene does not appear to share the technician's enthusias She emerges from the sequencing lab and enters her car. a palm-top computer from her purse, she inserts the disc the computer.  Jerome's counterfeit genetic profile appea the screen.  The details confirm her worst fears. EXT.  MICHAEL'S DINNER CLUB.  NIGHT. JEROME and EUGENE, dressed to the nines, pull up in the c to a darkened doorway in a poorly lit street.  A VALET ap out of the shadows.  Familiar with the car, he goes immed to the trunk to retrieve Eugene's collapsible wheelchair. Jerome tips the valet - a credit card wiped through a dev INT.  MICHAEL'S DINNER CLUB.  NIGHT. The chic, elegant establishment inside belies its darkene exterior.  JEROME wheels EUGENE into a decadent dinner cl full of an odd assortment of people.  They are immediatel greeted respectfully by MICHAEL, the owner and maitre d'. Jerome and Eugene are obviously regulars.
3) 61) dialog: Not as much as I'll miss your Stroganoff. I'd like to take one of your chefs with me. INT.  MICHAEL'S DINNER CLUB.  NIGHT. In a secluded booth JEROME and EUGENE toast from a bottle 1999 vintage Bordeaux.  Eugene drinks longer than Jerome. Jerome dabs his mouth with a napkin.  He fails to notice minute FLAKE OF SKIN dislodged from his chin.  We follow flake as it comes to rest beneath the table. LATER, Eugene and Jerome watch COUPLES dancing a samba on dance floor.  A WAITER vacuums the table with a discreet, handheld miniature vacuum while a WAITRESS clears the pla She accidentally drops a knife onto Eugene's leg.
3) 67) dialog: Let's get out of here.
3) 69) text: You're right, there's more atmosphere where you're going. INT/EXT.  CAR.  NIGHT. Driving along the freeway, Jerome's car suddenly dives do escape road.  EUGENE looks sideways at JEROME.
3) 70) dialog: You drive. INT/EXT.  CAR.  NIGHT. The car careens around and around a small circular buildi a cloud of dust billowing up behind the car.  We focus on BRICK wedged against the car's gas pedal. EUGENE is at the wheel, JEROME in the passenger seat. The hard turn is repeated with increasing recklessness, E fighting to control the bucking car.
3) 73) dialog: Keep going!!  Keep going!! Finally the car spins to a halt in a cloud of dust.  When dust settles it is revealed that they have been circling base of a huge satellite dish in a desolate location. EXT.  SATELLITE DISH.  NIGHT. EUGENE lies on the hood of the car, leaning against the windshield, drinking from a bottle of vodka.  In the background, the unmanned satellite dish.  JEROME relieves himself against the building at the base of the satellite
3) 79) dialog: (zipping his fly)
3) 82) text: What <i>is</i> that one? Jerome doesn't bother to look in the direction of the cra merely glances to his watch.  He joins Eugene on the hood car.
3) 83) dialog: (looking at his watch)
3) 86) dialog: A day or so.
3) 88) text: I still can't believe they're sending you to the Belt--you of all people--never meant to be born, on a mission to discover the origin of life. Eugene laughs to himself and passes the bottle to Jerome.
3) 89) dialog: You should be going instead of me. Jerome taps Eugene's lifeless legs with his foot.
3) 90) dialog: Up there they wouldn't be a problem.
3) 92) text: You know I'm scared of heights. INT.  CRIME LABORATORY - AUTOPSY ROOM.  NIGHT. The body and clothing of the MISSION DIRECTOR, lying on a examining table is scanned with a blue-light magnifying instrument.  Fingernail specimens are taken for analysis. another area of the laboratory, the labelled vacuum bags attached to analyzers and the contents sucked out and automatically identified.  ID names and photographs of GA EMPLOYEES begin appearing on a computer screen at high sp along with other personal details - all data automaticall logged for later review. The photographs and personal details of JEROME and IRENE past, amongst the faces of other employees. We focus on a magnified close up of JEROME'S EYELASH, sti clinging stubbornly to the side of its specimen bag.  We continue to follow its journey as it is finally sucked in analyzer. INT.  CRIME LAB - ANALYZER MACHINE.  NIGHT. Inside the machine, a minute, cell-thin sliver is sliced JEROME'S EYELASH and analyzed. INT.  INVESTIGATOR'S CRIME LAB.  NIGHT. A severed HUMAN TONGUE sits on a tray in a sterile, seale chamber.  Using gloves that protrude through the chamber' wall, face buried in a binocular eyepiece, the INVESTIGAT takes a swab from the tongue.
3) 103) text: Someone who is mindful that the blind still speak. The INVESTIGATOR is alerted by the chime of his nearby co On the screen, he discovers the face of 20-YEAR-OLD VINCE and the accompanying flashing message: <i>TRACKING IN-VAL 883000181105-10  - NEW DATA -</i> INT.  CONDOMINIUM COMPLEX - PARKING GARAGE.  NIGHT. Having plugged his car into an overnight charger, JEROME EUGENE in his wheelchair to the elevator.  Bottle in hand Eugene leans over and vomits on the ground.  Jerome shake head resignedly.  Eugene looks drunkenly up at Jerome.
3) 105) text: I'm sorry.  Did you want it? Jerome meets Eugene's gaze.  There is a trace of bitterne in Eugene's drunken smile.
3) 109) dialog: (attempting to comfort)
3) 112) dialog: --What car?--Go to sleep.
3) 114) dialog: It's all right.
3) 117) dialog: (smiling to himself)
3) 118) text: You must be drunk to call me Vincent. But Eugene does not reply, drifting into sleep once again Jerome pulls a blanket over him. On the verge of leaving, Jerome's attention is drawn to a on the far side of the room.  Approaching the wall, near Eugene's mirrored closet, he detects a faint mechanical w coming from inside the adjacent condominium.  Jerome contemplates investigating but exits the condominium inst - climbing the spiral staircase to his own condominium. INT.  JEROME'S CONDO - LIVING ROOM.  NIGHT. JEROME fastidiously vacuums with an upright cleaner.  Usi hose attachment he cleans around a picture frame that con Jerome's original computer keyboard handdrawn on the flap cardboard box. INT. GATTACA - COMPUTER COMPLEX.  DAY. In the vast room of COMPUTER PROGRAMMERS we pull-focus to discover that we have been filming the complex through th transparent specimen bag containing JEROME'S EYELASH. On the mezzanine floor overlooking the scene of the crime the INVESTIGATOR holds the bag, transfixed by the lash. lead homicide detective, DETECTIVE HUGO, finishes intervi a GATTACA SECURITY GUARD and approaches the Investigator. A large telescope in the background. Although Hugo is deferential to his more youthful superio body language betrays his displeasure.  Hugo clearly does relish the Investigator's involvement in his case.
3) 147) text: Detective Hugo, it's a simple case of lost and found.  All we have to do is locate the man who's minus an eyelash and this murder will solve itself. We focus on JEROME at his work station.  Although he cont to work, he clrarly feels the presence of the INVESTIGATO the mezzanine floor behind him. A MEDICAL DIRECTOR approaches the programmer in the neigh work station - NAPOLEON, the programmer Jerome encountere the nightclub the previous evening.
3) 149) dialog: Director, Napoleon's helping me today. The Director regards both men suspiciously.
3) 152) dialog: (exiting to the testing lab)
3) 153) text: Don't worry about it. INT.  GATTACA - TESTING LAB.  DAY. From behind we observe JEROME standing in front of LAMAR, issuing forth his steady stream of fraudulent urine.
4) 0) text: Twenty GATTACA EMPLOYEES, identically-outfitted men and w run in a perfectly straight line towards the tranquil lak the picturesque grounds, never getting any closer to thei They run at a steady 10mph on twenty identical state-of-t treadmill machines sunken into the floor and arranged in uniform row facing a floor to ceiling window.  The strain beginning to show on many of the faces.  The heartrate of employee is monitored via a wireless electrode attached t chest. Outside in the sunshine the next batch of twenty EMPLOYEE limbers up in readiness for their physical.  JEROME's onl preparation consists of thoughtfully dragging on a cigarette while staring out at the man-made lake.  His nonchalant attitude disheartens nearby colleagues, includ IRENE who is amongst a group of workers excused from the by benevolent, over-protective TRAINERS.
4) 11) text: I swear if I went to lunch and came back, he'd still be there. We focus on Jerome's recording device attached to the bot the control panel.  It clicks to a stop, indicating that bogus heartbeat recording has ended before the workout. The heartbeat monitor in the observation room suddenly ra from 80 to 250 beats per minute.  Lamar catches the discr out of the corner of his eye but before he can take a sec look, Jerome has whipped his electrode from his chest.  T physician shrugs it off as a glitch in the machine. The Investigator has turned his back on Jerome to face th Director.
4) 15) text: This unaccountable specimen was found in the south wing corridor. In the room below, Jerome nonchalantly steps off the trea stealthily retrieves the recording device from beneath th control panel and returns it to his cigarette pack. He casually wipes off drops of sweat from the machine wit towel, briefly glances to Irene with the Investigators an to the locker room. The Director idly regards the image of VINCENT on Hugo's handheld screen.  He does not recognize the face.
4) 18) text: Irene will make it available to security. INT.  GATTACA - LOCKER ROOM.  DAY. JEROME wears his assured smile all the way along the corr and into the now empty locker room.  He exchanges a cheer greeting with an exiting COLLEAGUE, enters a shower stall closes the door behind him and promptly collapses on the stall floor. The effects of the gruelling work-out are only now appare longer sucking up the pain, he gulps air into his oxygen- lungs, his heart looking for a way through his tightened He writhes in agony on the white-tiled floor - a brutal r of the physical frailty he seeks to disguise. EXT.  GATTACA - GARDEN.  LUNCHTIME. In Gattaca's perfectly landscaped gardens JEROME, dressed recovered from his ordeal, joins his COLLEAGUES for lunch of the umbrella-covered tables.  While most of the others at unappetizing salads and take their individualized medi Jerome carries a steak sandwich on his tray. The sight of the juicy steak is greeted with envious look his colleagues.  Jerome pretends not to notice and rubs i liberally sprinkling salt onto the meat. However when Jerome looks over towards IRENE, she avoids contact.  When she abruptly gets up and leaves, Jerome fo thinking twice before depositing the napkin in the nearby trashcan.  A janitor reaches for the napkin.  It is the O Janitor, CAESAR, from Jerome's former life.
4) 20) dialog: (eyes fixed on the view)
4) 23) dialog: (shrugging as if it makes no difference to him)
4) 27) text: Here, take it. Jerome, confused, takes the hair - more in reflex than in
4) 29) text: If you're still interested, let me know. Jerome contemplates the hair in his fingers for a moment, deliberately lets it fall to the grounf.
4) 30) dialog: (never taking his eyes from her)
4) 31) text: Sorry, the wind caught it. Irene meets his gaze.  There is not a breath of wind.  Th hair lies, plainly visible on the ground. EXT.  GATTACA AEROSPACE COMPLEX.  AFTERNOON. As JEROME and IRENE walk between the wind turbines, Jerom pretends not to notice that Irene keeps furtively checkin pulse on her wrist.  They pause in the shade.
4) 32) dialog: (as if making conversation)
4) 35) dialog: (shrugs)
4) 38) dialog: Where?
4) 40) dialog: Does it have a name?
4) 42) text: --somebody. Jerome turns away to disguise his alarm.  He quickly reco
4) 43) dialog: Perhaps we ought to celebrate, Irene.
4) 45) text: You celebrate, Jerome? INT.  EUGENE'S CONDO.  NIGHT. EUGENE talks irritably on the phone, examining a containe a newly opened case of hair bleach.
4) 47) text: --I know what I ordered.  I ordered "Honey Dawn" and you sent me "Summer Wheat". JEROME descends the staircase, taking the steps two at a He immediately goes to the refrigerator, removing trays o samples.  Eugene abruptly hangs up the phone.
4) 48) dialog: Call German.
4) 50) dialog: (collecting up sample bags from the work bench)
4) 53) dialog: They think I offed the Director. Eugene wheels himself over to Jerome, unconcerned.
4) 55) dialog: They found my eyelash.
4) 58) dialog: In a corridor.
4) 60) text: Could be worse.  They could have found it in your eye. Jerome half-smiles despite the situation.
4) 61) dialog: (resuming his collection of samples)
4) 64) dialog: --You don't understand, they'll make the connection, they'll hoover again.  We should cut our losses.
4) 66) text: Where is your head, Jerome?  You're acting like a guilty man.  They won't marry the eyelash to you.  They won't believe that one of their elite navigators could have suckered them for the last five years.
4) 67) dialog: They'll recognize me.
4) 72) text: Besides, this stuff is <i>mine</i>.  I had other offers, you know.  I could have rented myself out to somebody with a spine.  You want me to wheel in there and finish the job myself? (meeting Jerome's gaze)
4) 73) text: We'll take off all right, from pad 18 just like we planned. Jerome slumps down in a chair, Eugene's tirade starting t to him.
4) 75) dialog: I'm sorry. (reluctant admission)
4) 78) dialog: You really had other offers?
4) 80) text: I'm sure I could have. INT. CONDOMINIUM - INCINERATOR.  NIGHT. The naked JEROME scrapes away at his skin with even great ferocity than usual.  After exiting the incinerator, he d all the incriminating trash he has collected during the d the furnace and ignites the gas. INT.  EUGENE'S CONDOMINIUM.  NIGHT. From outside, a car horn sounds.  JEROME, in a formal sui spectacles, abruptly enters the condominium.  He goes to closet and starts searching through Eugene's clothes.
4) 81) dialog: Mind if I borrow a tie? EUGENE is more interested in the car parked outside the condominium.  IRENE sits in a convertible Citroen DS, dre a classic but provocative black suit.  Unaware that she i observed she touches up her lipstick in the rearview mirr
4) 83) dialog: You're the one who said not to change anything. She's my ear to the investigation.
4) 86) dialog: I've got enough on my mind without that.
4) 89) dialog: (agreeing with the selection)
4) 90) text: Good choice. Jerome fumbles with the knot.  From his chair, Eugene kno Jerome's tie for him.  Jerome is intrigued that for once is abstaining - he has not touched his drink.
4) 91) dialog: Not thirsty? (referring to the fridge)
4) 94) dialog: Never stopped you before. (regarding Eugene's head)
4) 97) text: Haven't you forgotten something? Jerome pockets the spectacles and enters the bathroom for contact lenses.  The horn sounds outside the window a sec time and Jerome hastily exits.  We stay with Eugene.  Ire catches a glimpse of him before he moves away from the wi Jerome emerges from the building. As the couple drive away, Eugene wheels himself to the fu length mirror.  He regards his own reflection for a momen opens the mirror - a disguised door opening into the adja apartment.  A cloud of condensed water vapor billows out. GERMAN, the DNA Broker, emerges with an ENGINEER. He sends the engineer on his way and joins Eugene at his Eugene hands German a credit card that he wipes through h computer.
4) 103) text: You deserve it. INT. CONCERT HALL - AUDITORIUM.  NIGHT. JEROME and IRENE step over feet, apologizing as they go, eventually finding their seats in a box in a sold-out con hall. On the stage below, a YOUNG PIANIST - a teenage prodigy - already taken his place at the keys of a grand piano.  Th pianist removes his white gloves and begins to play - an extremely complex and beautiful piece we have never heard before.  IRENE looks to JEROME.  He is clearly caught up music. EXT.  IN-VALID HOUSING PROJECT.  NIGHT. The music from the piano recital continues under the foll contrasting action.  A huge, brooding housing project.  P hang around on street corners.  Menace in the air - a fee impending violence. Suddenly unmarked police cars appear from all directions, blocking any escape route.  Dozens of PLAINCLOTHES DETECT pour out of the cars and onto the street. People scatter, many running straight into the arms of th Detectives.  OTHERS, spilling out of the housing project, also immediately apprehended. The Detectives quickly weed out those suspects not fittin Jerome's description - WOMEN, OLD MEN and TEENAGERS.  The shepherded off the street.  A line of IN-VALIDS is formed several hundred yards long.  Detectives begin to laboriou move along the line, taking finger-prick blood samples fr suspect - instantly confirming their identities with port analyzers worn on their hips. As if having the idea at the same time, TWO SEPARATE MEN suddenly bolt from the line, knowing that their blood wil incriminate them.  Other Detectives, watching for such es attempts, esaily apprehend them and escort them to a wait police van. With the raid under control, DETECTIVE HUGO indicates to INVESTIGATOR that it is safe to exit his car.  The Invest appears irritated, only half-glancing at the TWO MEN alre custody, apparently certain that neither one is his suspe
4) 122) dialog: (trying hard to convince)
4) 126) dialog: Why would I be angry?  It was beautiful. He quickly turns away to lead the applause.  On stage, th pianist raises his hands to acknowledge the crowd.  Both hands contain a perfectly formed extra finger.
6) 13) text: I'm not paying you to talk. INT/EXT.  IRENE'S CAR.  NIGHT. IRENE drives, JEROME at her side.  Cars are being flagged by uniformed POLICE OFFICERS.  Irene slows down behind th in front.  Spying an OFFICER shine a flashlight in the ey the MALE DRIVER up ahead, Jerome wipes the contact lenses his eyes and flicks them out of the passenger window when is not looking. An OFFICER approaches Jerome and, without a word, opens a electronic testing kit worn on his hip.  He removes a ste Q-tip and motions for Jerome to open his mouth so he can a culture.  Jerome waves his hand in front of his mouth, feigning embarrassment.
6) 14) dialog: (conspiratorial)
6) 16) text: Don't want to give you a contaminated specimen...if you get my meaning. IRENE plays along, shrugging coyly at the cop. We see an EXTREME CLOSE UP of Jerome's hand as he furtive retrieves a hair follicle attached to his shirt cuff.  Wi hair already in his fingers, he pretends to pluck a hair his head, faking a wince at the appropriate moment. The cop, wearing transparent latex gloves, takes the foll and places it in a receptacle in his kit.  After a short the hair confirms JEROME's driving ID which appears on th electronic screen.  As the cop departs, Irene looks questioningly at Jerome.
6) 17) dialog: Thanks. (answering her unasked question)
6) 21) text: Come on!  We'll miss it! Irene stares expectantly back at Jerome with her 20/20 vi unaware of his predicament.  Jerome puts a foot off the c the wrong moment and is almost collected by an on-coming Irene is taken-aback at his mistiming.  Does she detect a on Jerome's face?  To Jerome, the figure of Irene on the side of the highway is merely a featureless shape but he her expectation.  He touches the spectacles, still in his pocket, but they are an unthinkable option. He shakes the idea from his head and turns back to the sw flowing highway.  He makes up his mind - he cannot allow to be shamed, even at the risk of life and limb.  Hardly glancing at the traffic, he suddenly bolts blindly across road.  Headlights hurtling towards him, cars fortuitously brushing past his heels, horns blaring.  Jerome makes a f leap to the haven of the far curb, the rush of air from a fast-moving truck blowing him the final inches to the sid Irene is stunned by the near miss.  She is about to comme Jerome takes her by the arm and ushers her towards the du
6) 22) dialog: Come on.  We'll miss it. EXT.  BEACH.  DAWN. JEROME and IRENE huddle beneath an overcoat as the sun cr the horizon, staining the sky with an ochre blush.
6) 25) dialog: You'll be next.
6) 27) text: --on this satellite right here. Irene turns to Jerome.
6) 29) text: --Listen, I don't want to waste your time and I <i>really</i> don't want you to waste <i>mine</i>. I don't know what you're after but I have a feeling I'm not it. Irene suddenly takes Jerome's hand and puts it up her sweater, onto her breast.  Although taken aback, Jerome m no effort to withdraw his hand.
6) 34) dialog: What exactly is wrong?
6) 36) text: But unless they come up with something between now and then, I won't live much past 67. Jerome's mouth drops a little, betraying his surprise at statement from a woman plainly still in her twenties.
6) 38) dialog: (still not quite recovered from his surprise)
6) 39) text: Of course. INT.  POOL.  MORNING. The INVESTIGATOR swims his race with the unseen opponent. Investigator's ASSISTANT, carrying a phone, tries to attr attention. EXT.  JEROME'S POOL.  MORNING. JEROME sits at his own poolside in his robe, feet danglin the edge, smoking a cigarette.  EUGENE, from his wheelcha applying bleach to Jerome's hair and eyebrows with gloved hands. At the same time, Jerome plays a sleight-of-hand game wit syringe.
6) 41) dialog: Complicated.  I couldn't stop her apologizing.
6) 45) dialog: (trying to be blasГ€)
6) 48) dialog: Of course not.  But she's have to know eventually.
6) 50) text: She doesn't <i>have</i> to know.  She doesn't <i>want</i> The camera travels down Jerome's scarred legs to find tha pool is completely drained.  We now realize that it never contained water. A BARREN WASTELAND. A desolate landscape, resembling the surface of the plane We pull back to find that we are peering at this forbiddi desert through a circular aperture. INT.  CRIME LAB.  DAY. The INVESTIGATOR lifts his head from the eyepiece of an electron microscope through which he has been examining a fragment of skin - the skin is identified as belonging to YEAR-OLD VINCENT.  DETECTIVE HUGO stands at the Investiga side - his attitude more respectful in light of the disco Detective Hugo points out a location on a computer-genera map.
6) 77) text: Blood.  From the vein. The Investigator turns on his heel to prevent further pro The Detective and his ASSISTANTS exchange looks of exaspe behind the Investigator's back. INT.  GATTACA.  DAY. JEROME, drinking water, stands in front of a large video bulletin board.  Among other things, it displays the elec mugshot of 20-YEAR-OLD VINCENT alongside the recent compu generated age enhancement of his face. Some distance away, CAESAR, the elderly janitor, discusse mugshots with a YOUNGER JANITOR.
6) 84) text: Even someone as advanced as Jerome will be last year's model by the time we're done.
6) 85) dialog: (smiling back)
6) 91) dialog: It's not yor fault, Director. (afterthought)
6) 92) text: If your predecessor were still around we may not be going to Gaspra at all. That's what <i>I</i> would call inconvenient. Jerome exits the craft with Irene. INT.  GATTACA CORPORATION - CORRIDOR.  DAY. A line of MALE GATTACA EMPLOYEES snakes out the door and the corridor.  The INVESTIGATOR walks slowly down the lin trying to eyeball his suspect.  Concentrating on the shor dark-haired men in the line, he looks straight past JEROM However, as the Investigator ignores him and walks by, we haunted look in Jerome's eyes. INT.  GATTACA - TESTING LAB.  DAY. Every available TECHNICIAN is working to accommodate the of the thousand or so PROGRAMMERS.  Twelve testing statio operate simultaneously.  A HOMICIDE DETECTIVE supervises station.  JEROME reaches the head of the line.  He notes exiting COLLEAGUE holding a cotton ball to his arm. A NURSE directs Jerome to LAMAR's testing station.  Lamar deposits the previous patient's labeled vial into a blood carousel under the watchful eye of a large DETECTIVE, cle not relishing his assignment.  Jerome rolls up his sleeve
6) 93) dialog: (referring to the table lined with syringes)
6) 96) text: The gentlemen of law enforcement are concerned that my testing methods may have been compromised. Lamar inserts a fresh syringe into Jerome's arm.  As Lama the blood, Jerome suddenly flinches and flexes his arm violently, causing the needle to bend and buckle, exiting skin from a second puncture point.
6) 97) dialog: Damn!! Having pulled away from Lamar's grasp, Jerome withdraws t needle himself, blood still squirting from his vein.
6) 99) text: Jesus--I'm sorry, Jerome. The large Homicide Detective winces and turns away from t arcing spray, a splash of blood spattering his shoes.  In midst of the commotion, with his practised sleight-of-han Jerome removes the vial from the syringe and replaces it another concealed vial.
6) 100) dialog: (unfazed, putting Lamar at his ease)
6) 101) text: You must be out of practise, Lamar. Lamar hurriedly takes the syringe from Jerome.
6) 104) dialog: (regarding the squimish detective, as he holds the gauze to his arm)
6) 105) text: Need any more, you can always get it off his shoes. The Detective notices the spatter of blood across his bro and, with a look of disdain, wipes it clean.  He tosses t incriminating tissue down a hygenically sealed garbage sh Lamar places Jerome's labelled vial in the carousel where immediately analyzed by the computer.  Jerome's "legitima Employee ID code appears on the screen - <i>"VALID"</i>. EMPLOYEE enters the testing lab. INT.  GATTACA.  DAY. JEROME exits the testing lab with the gauze held to his a IRENE is standing outside the door.
6) 107) dialog: (joking darkly)
6) 132) text: You see, Director, I prefer my microscope. INT.  EUGENE'S CONDOMINIUM.  DAY. JEROME readies himself for an evening out - a bandage aro arm from the needle puncture.  EUGENE wheels himself in.
6) 134) dialog: (slightly guilty)
6) 138) dialog: (referring to his bandage)
6) 142) dialog: Michael's. Eugene looks at him askance.
6) 143) dialog: Everybody goes there.
6) 146) dialog: (afterthought as he picks up his jacket)
6) 149) dialog: (seeing through the bravado)
6) 152) dialog: By the time I'm at the Belt, you phone and say, "How are you?"  Forty-five minutes later I reply, "Not bad.  How are you?"
6) 155) dialog: (wry smile, enjoying her fascination)
6) 157) text: Let me order for you. Jerome selects a chocolate torte from the trolley.  Jerom savors a spoonful.  Irene is tempted but then remembers h
6) 159) dialog: So sure of what you can't do.  Do you even know what it tastes like, Irene? Irene goes to deny it but cannot. MICHAEL suddenly approaches the table with a WAITER in to Irene is about to steal a taste of the dessert with her f when their plates and glasses are whisked away and the ta immediately hoovered.  Michael whispers in Jerome's ear.
6) 164) dialog: (attempting to explain the hasty exit)
6) 165) text: Those checks take forever. EXT.  MICHAEL'S CLUB - SIDE ALLEY.  NIGHT. Spilling out of the exit, JEROME and IRENE find a burly plain clothes DETECTIVE barring their way.  Before the De can say a word, Jerome has wrapped his fist in his jacket and smashed him in the face.  He continues to beat the De until he lies motionless on the ground.
6) 167) text: Jerome! Spying other Detectives some distance away in the parking Jerome leads Irene out of a hidden side gate.
6) 169) dialog: (grabbing her by the hand)
6) 172) dialog: (holding his bruised knuckles)
6) 173) text: It's not safe.  I shouldn't have brought you here. Jerome drags Irene across a vast, desolate lot, lit only moonlight.  Feeling exposed, he breaks into a run.
6) 175) dialog: (anxious)
6) 178) dialog: We'll get it later. (forcing her to look him in the eye)
6) 179) text: Irene, please. Irene realizes his seriousness.  She begins to run with h The clearing is wider than Jerome anticipated.  They are halfway across - extremely vulnerable if the Detective th look in their direction. INT.  MICHAEL'S.  NIGHT. The INVESTIGATOR is grilling MICHAEL, the club's owner. investigator suspiciously regards the multitude of mini-v the kitchen and the incinerator burning the refuse.
6) 194) text: Quick, clean his teeth. Hugo uses a flashlight and a small dental-like implement to pick skin from Jerome's knuckles from between the Dete teeth.  The Investigator finds the hidden side door. EXT.  DESOLATE LOT.  NIGHT. JEROME and IRENE continue to sprint across the enormous v lot in the moonlight, splashing through deposits of mud a water.  Just as the gate opens in the distance, Jerome hu Irene into the safety of the undergrowth on the other sid Irene, out of breath, desperately feels for her pulse.
6) 196) text: Are you trying to kill me?  Are you?! Don't you understand, I can't do that! Jerome tenderly removes Irene's hand from her pulse.
6) 197) dialog: You just did. Irene looks back across the vast clearing they have just negotiated, realizing what she has just done. From across the other side of the clearing comes an echoi cry from the center FIGURE.
6) 204) text: We caught them trying to flush these, Sir. The Investigator carefully examines the heart pills. EXT.  IRENE'S APARTMENT.  NIGHT. JEROME walks IRENE to the steps of her apartment.  Jerome about departing but Irene takes him gently by the hand.
6) 208) dialog: You remember the '99 Chrysler LeBaron? It's the exact height of the front fender. (shrugs)
6) 214) dialog: But "if it came to it" then it couldn't have your-- (searching for an appropriate body part)
6) 219) dialog: That's precisely what <i>scares</i>me--that they won't do anything <i>foolish</i> or <i>courageous</i> or <i>anything</i>--worth a Goddamn. Irene is taken aback by Jerome's passion, regarding him i light. INT.  EUGENE'S CONDOMINIUM.  MORNING. EUGENE urinates into a large plastic container while drin bottled water at the same time.  He already has several o containers of urine on the table beside him. INT.  GATTACA.  MORNING. The INVESTIGATOR and DETECTIVE HUGO keep a wary eye on th outfitted DETECTIVES re-vacuuming the empty computer comp with their mini-vacs.
6) 239) dialog: I forgot something--something at home. I'll see you later. Jerome kisses her.  Irene, also aware of the trucks, interrogates Jerome with her eyes.
6) 243) dialog: We could go together one day. Irene considers the idea.  She enters Gattaca alone. INT.  GATTACA AEROSPACE CORPORATION - COMPUTER COMPLEX. IRENE prepares a stack of ID photos of CREW MEMBERS for t INVESTIGATOR.  She closely inspects the doctored photo of JEROME, hesitating before adding it to the file. The camera dwells on JEROME's vacant work station.  The INVESTIGATOR curiously regards the empty chair.  He is accompanied by DETECTIVE HUGO, DIRECTOR JOSEF and IRENE.
6) 248) text: I will not permit any further testing on the eve of a mission.  We're already counting backwards. The INVESTIGATOR ignores Josef and takes a pocket knife f jacket.  He prises out the "ESC" key from Jerome's keyboa places the key in a specimen bag and deposits it in his j
6) 252) text: I understand you can show us the way. The anxious Director Josef calls out to protest one furth time but the Investigator is on his way out of the door. EXT.  STREET OUTSIDE GATTACA.  DAY. Outside the entrance to Gattaca, trying to hail a taxi, J is startled to see a car carrying the INVESTIGATOR, DETEC HUGO and IRENE roar out of the driveway.  JEROME calls on portable wristphone. INT.  EUGENE'S CONDOMINIUM.  DAY. EUGENE, at his window, filling sachets as usual, hesitate before answering the phone.
6) 254) dialog: How would you like to be yourself for the day?
6) 263) text: Jerome--?
6) 277) text: It's okay.  Maybe they can find out what I've got. Under the Investigator's watchful eye, Detective Hugo wit the syringe and immediately inserts a small amount of the into the portable analyzer he wears.  Naturally, it confi that Eugene is Jerome. Irene does her best to conceal her shock.  Hiding his frustration, the Investigator distractedly tours the room Hugo packs up his gear.  The Investigator idly toys with the telescope pointed out of the window. Next he wanders towards the closet and reaches for the do
6) 280) text: Over there. INT.  JEROME'S CONDOMINIUM - BATHROOM.  DAY. The INVESTIGATOR immediately pulls a specimen bag from hi jacket pocket and closely inspects the stainless steel to and sink.  They are both spotless.  The shower stall is a scrupulously clean.  He flushes the toilet and exits. Lost in thought, the INVESTIGATOR approaches the closet a and wheels out Jerome's upright vacuum cleaner.  He is disappointed a second time to find no vacuum bag inside. Investigator returns the vacuum cleaner to the closet and produces a mini-vac from Detective Hugo's crime bag.
6) 285) text: Actually, the kitchen needs doing. The Investigator switches on the mini-vac to take a speci from the floor, then promptly kills the machine.  Looking the Investigator notices the trail of Eugene's perspirati on the highly polished floor leading to the spiral stairc Eugene, reading the Investigator's mind, goes to call out the words remain frozen on his tongue.  Hugo follows his superior as they start to descend the stairs.  Irene and are left staring at one another. INT.  CONDO - STAIRCASE.  DAY. JEROME catches the merest glimpse of the INVESTIGATOR and DETECTIVE HUGO before he slips behind a doorway in Eugene condominium. Jerome anxiously regards Eugene's empty wheelchair sittin there.  On the stairs, Hugo's phone rings.
6) 289) text: Come quickly.  We <i>have</i> him. The Investigator's eyes light up.  He retraces his steps up the staircase after Detective Hugo. INT.  JEROME'S CONDOMINIUM.  DAY. JEROME, white as a ghost, climbs the stairs, emerging int own condominium.  He embraces the beaming EUGENE, still s on the sofa.
6) 290) dialog: (numb)
6) 291) text: How are you, Jerome?
6) 293) dialog: How the hell did you get here.
6) 295) text: I could always walk.  I've been faking it. Jerome almost laughs, despite the situation.  Only now do notice Irene on the other side of the room, her mind raci She looks at Jerome and Eugene together and runs from the apartment.
6) 296) dialog: (calling after her)
6) 297) text: Irene. Jerome goes to follow but Eugene stops him. INT.  CRIME LABORATORY.  DAY. An EXTREME CLOSE UP of dried blood - brittle and cracking a pair of soiled latex gloves.  A latex head mask, suit o clothes and shoe covers are similarly caked.  The INVESTI and DETECTIVE HUGO watch as a white-coated FORENSIC TECHN feeds a minute sample of the dried blood into an analyzer The INVESTIGATOR wanders over to a one-way glass window t which he can observe DIRECTOR JOSEF, sitting numb but str serene in an interrogation room.  The Investigator, in a of shock himself, cannot yet bring himself to believe wha plainly obvious.
6) 303) text: Luca could still be an accomplice. The Investigator turns away, unwilling or unable to accep explanation.  Hugo regards the Investigator with a trace sympathy.  He furtively retrieves the Investigator's tiss from the trash. INT.  GATTACA.  DAY. JEROME sits in a formal briefing room with the other CREW MEMBERS of his mission, receiving their final pre-flight instructions.  LAMAR looks on approvingly.
6) 320) text: But this man does share some common characteristics with your suspect.  Not so many but <i>enough</i>.  It appears the eyelash has a brother--of a kind. The Investigator realizes the significance and looks guil to Hugo.  Hugo exits the lab, leaving the Investigator to at his own FACE in his analyzing machine. INT.  GATTACA - JANITOR'S LOCKER ROOM.  NIGHT. CAESAR, the old janitor, enters the locker room.  He is a wearily open his locker when he senses another presence i room. He turns to find JEROME sitting there on a bench.  Althou clearly delighted, CAESAR tries to disguise his pleasure.
6) 322) dialog: Not yet, I'm afraid.
6) 324) dialog: I guess I'm a slow learner.
6) 327) dialog: I'll see what I can do. The two men embrace, Caesar breaking off before Jerome.
6) 329) dialog: (glancing to Caesar's locker)
6) 332) text: I'll take care of it. Jerome departs.  Caesar watches him go and turns back to locker.  He opens it to find a brand new, high-tech teles sitting inside. The old janitor gets over his surprise and beams broadly he looks back in Jerome's direction but he has gone.  The old janitor cannot help himself and reverently reaches fo telescope's eyepiece. INT.  GATTACA - COMPUTER COMPLEX.  NIGHT. In the dimly-lit, empty computer complex, JEROME takes a look around.  He sits at his computer, one final time rep the graphic representation of his path through the cosmos he is on the eve of taking for real. He notices the key missing from his keyboard.  Instantly realizing the significance, he rises from his seat to fle
6) 335) dialog: (disturbingly calm)
6) 336) text: From Vincent. The two men face each other for the first time in a long time.  The Investigator is transfixed by Jerome's face - scarcely able to believe his eyes.
6) 338) dialog: (nodding to the Investigator's badge)
6) 340) text: What are you doing here, Anton? It is finally apparent the Investigator is Jerome's young brother Anton [AS WE SHALL REFER TO THE INVESTIGATOR FOR REST OF THE FILM].
6) 342) text: I have a <i>right</i> to be here, <i>you</i> don't. Jerome smiles at him condescendingly.
6) 343) dialog: You almost sound like you believe that.
6) 346) dialog: (refusing Anton's hand, glancing to the telescope above them)
6) 350) dialog: (shaking his head)
6) 353) dialog: (increasingly angered)
6) 355) dialog: (goading)
6) 359) dialog: Who are you trying to convince?
6) 361) text: I will prove it to you.  Come swim with me now, Vincent.  Now--tonight. Jerome regards Anton with a knowing smile.  Somewhere in a phone rings.
6) 375) text: For all my gifts, they could never engineer me a heart like Vincent's. Irene turns back to the incinerator, lost in though. EXT.  BEACH.  NIGHT. JEROME and ANTON walk down a dune together towards the be far from Gattaca - an ocean beach pounded by an angry, bl sea.  Jerome picks up a sharp piece of shell and slices t of his thumb.  A drop of blood oozes out.  He offers the to Anton but Anton does not take it. Both men begin to disrobe.  The brothers stand beside eac on the sand once again - Anton still the more athleticall of the two. Together, they enter the raging surf.  Diving through the breaking waves, they begin to swim. In the moonlit night, we watch their two bodies swimming side.  They swim a long distance, Anton waiting for his b to tire.  But the pace does not slacken.  Anton pulls up water.  Sensing his brother is no longer beside him, Jero pulls up.  They tread water several yards apart.
6) 378) dialog: Now is your chance to find out. Jerome swims away a second time.  Anton is forced to foll once again.  Angry now, gritting his teeth, Anton calls upon the same determination we have witnessed during his constant swimming in the pool.  He puts on a spurt, slowl reeling in Jerome. Anton gradually draws alongside Jerome, certain that this will demoralize his older brother.  But Jerome has been f waiting for him to catch up.  Jerome smiles at Anton.  Wi almost a trace of sympathy, he forges ahead again.  Anton forced to go with him.  They swim again for a long distan It is Anton who gradually becomes demoralized - his strok weaken, his will draining away.  Anton pulls up, exhauste fearful.  Jerome also pulls up.  However his face display of Anton's anxiety. They tread water several yards apart.  The ocean is chopp now.  The view of the lights on the shore is obscured by peaks of the waves.
6) 381) dialog: (calling back)
6) 384) text: How are we going to get <i>back?!</i> Jerome merely smiles back at his younger brother, a distu serene smile.
6) 385) dialog: (eerily calm)
6) 386) text: You wanted to know how I did it.  That's how I did it, Anton.  I never saved anything for the swim back. Anton stares at Jerome, aghast.  The two men face each ot silence, treading water several yards apart in the dark, ocean. Jerome turns and heads back towards the shore.  Anton is alone with the terrifying realization.  The only sound, t and the water. EXT.  CONDOMINIUM.  NIGHT. JEROME, dishevelled and distressed, arrives back at the condominium.  He notices IRENE standing at the edge of th She turns.  He approaches her.  They stand several yards Looking into each other's eyes, they do not speak.  Jerom abruptly pulls a hair from his head - for once one of his
6) 387) dialog: (wry smile, offering the hair to Irene)
6) 389) dialog: (echoing Irene's words from their first encounter)
6) 392) text: Sorry, the wind caught it. Once again there is not a breath of wind.  The hair lies, plainly visible on the edge of the pool. From an upstairs window, EUGENE observes the couple. INT.  JEROME'S CONDOMINIUM.  NIGHT. We watch the silhouette of IRENE and JEROME making love i the bedroom. INT.  EUGENE'S CONDOMINIUM.  NIGHT. EUGENE, sitting in his darkened room, unscrews the cap of plastic container and places it on a nearby table.  We re on Eugene's face as he opens his fly. INT.  JEROME'S CONDOMINIUM.  NIGHT. IRENE and JEROME lie in bed together after making love. once Jerome is able to sleep unconcerned.  It is Irene wh awake, head against JEROME'S chest, listening to the soun his erratically beating heart.  However it has a soothing effect on her. She kisses Jerome and reluctantly rises from the bed.
6) 393) dialog: (awakening)
6) 397) dialog: (confused)
6) 400) text: No, but you might need them when you get back. Eugene wheels across the room and opens the mirrored door water vapor billows out.  Jerome regards Eugene. Eugene leads Jerome inside for the first time. Inside are two rows of four identical, industrial refrige They contain thousands of blood and urine specimens. Jerome regards them with awe and more than a little uneas
6) 404) dialog: (struggling to come to terms with the discovery)
6) 408) dialog: Where are you going?
6) 410) text: I'm travelling too. Jerome goes to question Eugene's travel plans but thinks of it.  He kneels before his friend and embraces him.
6) 411) dialog: Thank you.
6) 414) text: Not until you're upstairs. Jerome exits.  Eugene watches him go. INT.  GATTACA - DEPARTURE LOUNGE.  NIGHT. JEROME enters a large holding area along with his other e CREW MEMBERS. Jerome's heart sinks as he recognizes LAMAR, greeting the for one final unexpected substance test.  His colleagues groan good-naturedly but it is clearly far more than an inconvenience to Jerome.  He looks towards the door he ha entered but there is no way back.  One by one the crew ar ushered behind a screen.  Before he can think of a way ou is Jerome's turn.  He enters the cubicle.
6) 415) dialog: (as he takes the plastic cup from Lamar)
6) 420) dialog: There's a problem, Lamar.
6) 422) text: Did I ever tell you about my son, Jerome?  He's a big fan of yours.  He wants to apply here. Jerome realizes he has no choice.  Resigned to his fate, begins to fill the cup.
6) 423) dialog: (as he urinates)
6) 426) text: --Unfortunately my son's not all that they promised.  But then, who know what he could do. Lamar takes the cup from Jerome in his gloved hand.  Jero anxiously watches his sample poured into the analyzer. Confirming Jerome's worst fears, the face of 20-YEAR-OLD appears on the computer screen.  However Lamar does not l the screen.  He stares Jerome in the eye.
6) 430) text: Have a safe trip, Vincent. Jerome exits up a long enclosed escalator, realizing that has known all along. INT.  EUGENE'S CONDOMINIUM.  NIGHT. EUGENE knocks back a vodka.  With a certain reverence he his silver medal around his neck. INT.  ESCALATOR.  NIGHT. At the top of a long escalator, the door to a craft is se INT.  EUGENE'S CONDOMINIUM.  NIGHT. Eugene's wheelchair, empty, sits beside the door of the incinerator, also secured. EXT.  LAUNCHPAD.  NIGHT. A CLOSE UP of the flame of a rocket's engines igniting - ball of fire engulfs the launchpad - filling the screen. INT.  EUGENE'S CONDOMINIUM - INCINERATOR.  NIGHT. Inside the incinerator another ball of fire - this time engulfing the unseen figure of EUGENE.  We glimpse the me around his neck, melting in the fierce blaze. EXT.  GATTACA - LAUNCHPAD.  NIGHT. As we have seen so often in the past, a rocket launches i the sky over Gattaca - however on this occasion it carrie Jerome. INT.  SPACECRAFT.  NIGHT. We focus on JEROME's face - seeing little if any of the c Jerome's eyes are closed.  His head is still - alarmingly Could the launch itself have been too much for him?  He h thoguhts in his head. <i>JEROME (VO)
6) 432) text: The question is, why am I having so much trouble dying?</i> Jerome's eyes blink open.  He holds the letter from Eugen his hand.  It contains no words, merely a lock of EUGENE' - for once preserved solely for its sentimental value.  T hair, weightless, floats off the page. We focus on a porthole looking out upon a starscape.