0) 15) text: You have a substance test. The Director briskly departs, Irene in tow.  At a nearby station, a painfully thin programmer, NAPOLEON, perks up the mention of the test. Jerome merely shrugs and pretends to reach down and scrat ankle.  However he surreptitiously produced one of Eugene transparent specimen bags from his sock.  An EXTREME CLOS reveals the bag's contents - flakes of skin, hair follicl eyelashes, a fingernail.  Cupping the bag in his hand to detection, Jerome sprinkles the fraudulent body matter ov keyboard, desk surfaces and the floor around his work sta He opens his desk drawer and casually scatters the remain the bag.  Finally he inspects a comb already laced with t hair follicles. Jerome rises from his work station and makes his way towa testing lab. INT.  GATTACA AEROSPACE CORPORATION - TESTING LABORATORY. White-coated LAMAR, forties, buzzcut, a man's man, checks JEROME's eyes with an instrument.  Satisfied with his examination, he passes a transparent plastic container to JEROME.  Standing directly in front of the technician wit back to camera, Jerome opens his fly.  A steady stream of begins to flow into the container from Jerome's hidden po
0) 16) dialog: (staring admiringly at the discharge)
0) 19) text: Only every time I'm in here. Jerome hands the container to Lamara who seals and label Jerome refastens his trousers.
0) 20) dialog: I see a lot of cocks.  I speak from experience. Yours is a beautiful example.  Why didn't my folks order a cock like that for me? LAMAR pours the urine sample into a high-tech device wher is instantly analyzed.  The urine identifies Jerone while registering a negative drug reading.  The computer reads <i>"VALID"</i>.
0) 21) dialog: (walking Jerome to the door)
3) 153) text: Don't worry about it. INT.  GATTACA - TESTING LAB.  DAY. From behind we observe JEROME standing in front of LAMAR, issuing forth his steady stream of fraudulent urine.
4) 2) dialog: (marveling at Jerome's heartrate)
4) 10) dialog: (still marveling at Jerome)
4) 11) text: I swear if I went to lunch and came back, he'd still be there. We focus on Jerome's recording device attached to the bot the control panel.  It clicks to a stop, indicating that bogus heartbeat recording has ended before the workout. The heartbeat monitor in the observation room suddenly ra from 80 to 250 beats per minute.  Lamar catches the discr out of the corner of his eye but before he can take a sec look, Jerome has whipped his electrode from his chest.  T physician shrugs it off as a glitch in the machine. The Investigator has turned his back on Jerome to face th Director.
6) 92) text: If your predecessor were still around we may not be going to Gaspra at all. That's what <i>I</i> would call inconvenient. Jerome exits the craft with Irene. INT.  GATTACA CORPORATION - CORRIDOR.  DAY. A line of MALE GATTACA EMPLOYEES snakes out the door and the corridor.  The INVESTIGATOR walks slowly down the lin trying to eyeball his suspect.  Concentrating on the shor dark-haired men in the line, he looks straight past JEROM However, as the Investigator ignores him and walks by, we haunted look in Jerome's eyes. INT.  GATTACA - TESTING LAB.  DAY. Every available TECHNICIAN is working to accommodate the of the thousand or so PROGRAMMERS.  Twelve testing statio operate simultaneously.  A HOMICIDE DETECTIVE supervises station.  JEROME reaches the head of the line.  He notes exiting COLLEAGUE holding a cotton ball to his arm. A NURSE directs Jerome to LAMAR's testing station.  Lamar deposits the previous patient's labeled vial into a blood carousel under the watchful eye of a large DETECTIVE, cle not relishing his assignment.  Jerome rolls up his sleeve
6) 94) text: What's with the plungers, Lamar?  What are you doing, opening a blood bank? The syringes are clearly not Lamar's idea.
6) 95) dialog: (sarcastic)
6) 96) text: The gentlemen of law enforcement are concerned that my testing methods may have been compromised. Lamar inserts a fresh syringe into Jerome's arm.  As Lama the blood, Jerome suddenly flinches and flexes his arm violently, causing the needle to bend and buckle, exiting skin from a second puncture point.
6) 98) dialog: (grabbing a nearby wad of gauze)
6) 101) text: You must be out of practise, Lamar. Lamar hurriedly takes the syringe from Jerome.
6) 102) dialog: (examining and removing the switched vial from the bent syringe)
6) 105) text: Need any more, you can always get it off his shoes. The Detective notices the spatter of blood across his bro and, with a look of disdain, wipes it clean.  He tosses t incriminating tissue down a hygenically sealed garbage sh Lamar places Jerome's labelled vial in the carousel where immediately analyzed by the computer.  Jerome's "legitima Employee ID code appears on the screen - <i>"VALID"</i>. EMPLOYEE enters the testing lab. INT.  GATTACA.  DAY. JEROME exits the testing lab with the gauze held to his a IRENE is standing outside the door.
6) 108) text: I guess somebody beat me to it. INT.  GATTACA - MEZZANINE FLOOR.  LATER IN THE DAY. From above, the INVESTIGATOR and HUGO observe the final E exit the testing lab. LAMAR, following the employee out of the lab, throws a lo vindication to the two cops.
6) 303) text: Luca could still be an accomplice. The Investigator turns away, unwilling or unable to accep explanation.  Hugo regards the Investigator with a trace sympathy.  He furtively retrieves the Investigator's tiss from the trash. INT.  GATTACA.  DAY. JEROME sits in a formal briefing room with the other CREW MEMBERS of his mission, receiving their final pre-flight instructions.  LAMAR looks on approvingly.
6) 414) text: Not until you're upstairs. Jerome exits.  Eugene watches him go. INT.  GATTACA - DEPARTURE LOUNGE.  NIGHT. JEROME enters a large holding area along with his other e CREW MEMBERS. Jerome's heart sinks as he recognizes LAMAR, greeting the for one final unexpected substance test.  His colleagues groan good-naturedly but it is clearly far more than an inconvenience to Jerome.  He looks towards the door he ha entered but there is no way back.  One by one the crew ar ushered behind a screen.  Before he can think of a way ou is Jerome's turn.  He enters the cubicle.
6) 416) text: What's this, Lamar?
6) 417) dialog: New policy. From behind, we see Jerome unzip his fly.  However for on Jerome does not urinate on cue - unused to operating his equipment in front of the physician.
6) 418) dialog: (intrigued by the out-of-character discharge)
6) 421) dialog: (apparently not listening)
6) 424) text: Just remember, Lamar, I could have gone up and back and nobody would have been the wiser--
6) 425) dialog: (cutting him off)
6) 426) text: --Unfortunately my son's not all that they promised.  But then, who know what he could do. Lamar takes the cup from Jerome in his gloved hand.  Jero anxiously watches his sample poured into the analyzer. Confirming Jerome's worst fears, the face of 20-YEAR-OLD appears on the computer screen.  However Lamar does not l the screen.  He stares Jerome in the eye.
6) 427) dialog: For future reference-- (a brief glance to where Jerome has just zipped his fly)
6) 428) text: --righthanded men don't hold it with their left.  It's just one of those things. Never lookig at the screen, Lamar presses a button marked "VALID".
6) 429) dialog: (knowing smile)