0) 62) text: --No, <i>Vincent</i> Antonio. With a computer stylus he signs the nurse's handheld scre EXT.  TRACT HOME - BACKYARD.  DAY.
0) 65) text: Oh, Vincent, Vincent, Vincent...I can't let you out of my sight. Maria frantically listens to her young son's heartbeat. his part, Vincent appears surprised by the attention.  Ma places a portable oxygen mask over Vincent's mouth. <i>JEROME (VO)
0) 66) text: I was born Vincent Antonio Luca.  And from an early age I came to think of myself as others thought of me - chronically ill. Every skinned knee and runny nose treated as if it were life-threatening.</i> INT.  DAY CARE CENTER.  DAY. MARIA and ANTONIO drop off dark-haired 2-YEAR-OLD VINCENT Day Care Center. <i>JEROME (VO)
0) 67) text: And my parents soon realized that wherever I went, my genetic prophecy preceded me.</i> While HEALTHY CHILDREN play outside on tricycles, clamber jungle-gyms and finger-paint, the PRE-SCHOOL TEACHER show Vincent into a room where CHILDREN WITH OBVIOUS DISABILIT sleep on mats. Maria wheels around and marches out of the center with Vi in her arms.  Antonio follows close behind, pleading with wife to see sense. <i>JEROME (VO)
0) 69) text: It meant selling the beloved Buick.</i> The two men haggle over the price while MARIA, holding VI in her arms, looks on.  Finally money and a pink slip are exchanged. <i>VINCENT (VO)
0) 70) text: My father got a good price.  After all, the only accident he'd ever had in that car was me.</i> As the BUYER drives away, Antonio shrugs to Maria to hide disappointment. EXT.  GENETIC COUNSELLING OFFICE BUILDING.  DAY. ANTONIO, MARIA and 2-YEAR-OLD VINCENT exit a packed commu bus and enter a Genetic Counselling office building beari the sign - "PRO-CREATION". INT.  GENETIC COUNSELLING OFFICE.  DAY. A GENETICIST stares into a high-powered microscope as ANT MARIA and 2-YEAR-OLD VINCENT are shown into the office by NURSE.  On the counter beside the Geneticist is a glass-d industrial refrigerator containing petri dishes arranged racks several feet high.
0) 77) text: We would like Vincent to have a brother... you know, to play with. The Geneticist nods.  He scans the data around the edge o screen.
1) 1) text: That's how my brother, Anton, came into the world - a son my father considered worthy of his name.</i> There is little physical similarity between 11-YEAR-OLD A and 13-YEAR-OLD VINCENT standing beside him, apart from t height.  In fact Vincent is mortified to see that his you brother's mark is a fraction of an inch higher than the m beside his own name, <i>"VINCENT 13"</i>.  Vincent runs f EXT.  BEACH.  DAY. 13-YEAR-OLD VINCENT and 11-YEAR-OLD ANTON sit together on windswept beach. Anton picks up a broken shell and deliberately slices the his thumb with the sharp edge.  He hands the shell to Vin who hesitantly follows suit. <i>JEROME (VO)
1) 3) text: And I'd need an awful lot more than a drop if I was going to get anywhere.</i> EXT.  BEACH.  LATER IN THE DAY. While ANTONIO and MARIA doze under a beach umbrella, ANTO VINCENT enter the water, diving through the waves.  From we watch their two young bodies swimming beside each othe beyond the breakers. <i>JEROME (VO)
1) 4) text: Our favorite game was "chicken".  When our parents weren't watching, we used to swim outside the flags, as far out as we dared.  It was about who would get scared and turn back first.</i> Suddenly VINCENT stops swimming, pulling up sharply in th water, exhausted and fearful.  He watches ANTON swim on i distance. <i>JEROME (VO)
1) 5) text: Of course, it was always me.  Anton was by far the stronger swimmer and he had no excuse to fail.</i> INT.  SCHOOL - CLASSROOM.  DAY. A TEACHER gives a physics lesson.  The bespectacled 13-YE VINCENT has his arm energetically raised at each opportun is never called upon.  Eventually he lowers his arm in de <i>JEROME (VO)
1) 6) text: My genetic scarlet letter continued to follow me from school to school.  When you're told you're prone to learning disabilities, it's sometimes easier not to disappoint anybody.</i> EXT.  STREET.  NIGHT. 13-YEAR-OLD VINCENT stands at a cul-de-sac at the end of straight deserted street.  He places a basketball in the of the street to represent the SUN and begins to unwind t reel of string attached to the ball.  11-YEAR-OLD ANTON w pace behind him.  Several yards along the trail a bead is threaded through the string to represent the planet MERCU
1) 9) dialog: You're standing on Venus. Anton lifts his foot.  There is a bead beneath it. INT/EXT.  CAR / SATELLITE DISH.  DUSK. VINCENT has developed into a handsome 17-YEAR-OLD.  His spectacles hidden, he and a YOUNG WOMAN are necking in th seat of a beat-up car, parked overlooking a huge satellit <i>JEROME (VO)
1) 10) text: I was popular enough until it got around that I wasn't a long-term proposition.</i> The love-making intensifies.  The YOUNG WOMAN moves down Vincent's chest and unzips his fly. <i>JEROME (VO)
1) 11) text: Those who didn't know already could easily find out for themselves.  It was certainly no problem coaxing the information out of me.</i> We remain on Vincent's face as he climaxes.  The YOUNG WO turns her head away from the spent Jerome and, out of his view, trickles semen from her mouth into a clear specimen <i>JEROME (VO)
1) 12) text: I didn't blame them.  You need to know if a prospective husband can qualify for a mortgage or life insurance or can hold down a decent job.</i> INT.  HOME.  DAY. In the living room of their modest home, the dark-haired, year-old, bespectacled VINCENT sits opposite his PARENTS. crestfallen Vincent has a book on his lap entitled "CAREE SPACE".
1) 14) text: Vincent, you have to be realistic.  A heart condition like yours--
1) 15) dialog: --I don't care.  I'll take the risk.
1) 18) text: For God's sake, Vincent, don't you understand. The only way you'll see the inside of a space ship is if you're cleaning it! Vincent looks at his father in disbelief. On a dinner table on the other side of the living room, 1 OLD ANTON looks up from the biological specimen he is stu with a magnifying glass. INT.  PERSONNEL OFFICE - WAITING ROOM.  DAY. 17-YEAR-OLD VINCENT hides his glasses in his pocket as he a WAITING ROOM.  He gazes around at other APPLICANTS. <i>JEROME (VO)
1) 20) text: If you refuse to disclose, they can always take a sample from a doorhandle...</i> Vincent hesitates before shaking the PERSONNEL OFFICER's outstretched hand. <i>JEROME (VO)
1) 23) text: But for the most part we know who we are. And if all else fails, a legal drug test can just as easily become an illegal peek at your future in the company.</i> Vincent saves the Manager the trouble and exits the offic leaving the cup where it sits. EXT.  BEACH.  DAY. 17-YEAR-OLD JEROME walks up the beach to find 15-YEAR-OLD sitting with the YOUNG WOMAN Vincent had previously dated <i>JEROME (VO)
1) 26) text: You sure you want to do this? Vincent's answer is to walk towards the water.  Anton smi mockingly at his brother's grim "game face" and follows. From an aerial view we watch VINCENT and his younger brot swim beyond the breakers. <i>JEROME (VO)
1) 27) text: It was the last time we swam together. Out into the open sea, like always, knowing each stroke towards the horizon was one we had to make back to the shore.  Like always, the unspoken contest.</i> We watch the two young men swimming stroke for stroke.  T swim far out, beyond the point.  Suddenly ANTON starts to his strokes becoming labored until he becomes motionless water.  He begins to sink like a stone.  VINCENT, realizi Anton is no longer beside him, turns back to lend support Vincent takes him in a lifeguard hold and begins to nurse back to shore.  Finally the two boys are coughed up onto shallows.  They collapse, just beyond the waterline, exha gasping for air.  ANTONIO and MARIA arrive on the scene. is the first to recover while VINCENT clutches his side, face screwed up in pain.  Maria kneels down and starts to administer to Vincent but his father, Antonio, is unable conceal his anger and contempt for Vincent.
1) 30) dialog: Why didn't <i>you?</i> (staring back at his father knowingly)
1) 32) text: It confirmed everything in the minds of my parents - that they had taken the right course with my younger brother and the wrong course with me.  It would have been so much easier for everyone if </i>I<i> had slipped away that day.  I decided to grant them that wish.</i> INT.  HOME.  NIGHT. ANTON stands at the mantlepiece in the dimly-lit living r He gazes at a framed family portrait - Vincent's face has torn out of it.  He suddenly spies VINCENT exiting the fr gate, carrying a suitcase.  Anton goes to shout Vincent's but the words don't get out. EXT.  GATTACA.  DAWN. A pick-up truck, packed with a CLEANING CREW, pulls into rear of the building.  They are no longer strictly the mi workers we have come to expect but rather a mixture of ethnicities - all members of a genetic underclass that do discriminate by race. As VINCENT exits the truck and turns towards the camera, discover that he has now matured into the man we have com know as JEROME.  The only visible differences are the gla wears and his hair, still naturally dark. <i>JEROME (VO)
1) 33) text: Like many others in my situation, I moved around a lot in the next few years, getting work where I could.  I must have cleaned half the toilets in the state.</i> We follow VINCENT through the course of a day.  Cleaning restrooms, toilets, picking up litter, sweeping, washing windows - gazing at the AEROSPACE WORKERS below.  The bui is part of the Gattaca facility, located near a shuttle l site.  Throughout the day, with the regularity of 747's, spies rocket ships in the distance, launching into the sk Jerome's is the only head that turns and looks up.  Long the sun has set, Vincent is still working.  Another rocke lights up the darkness.  Vincent gazes forlornly into the heavens. EXT. GATTACA - GLASS WALL.  DAY. VINCENT cleans a window from the outside, staring in at t arrogant GATTACA EMPLOYEES entering the security channels a smaple taken from their fingertips.  Jerome, in a tranc constantly cleans the same spot of glass.  He fails to no Older Janitor, CAESAR, appear beside him.
1) 35) dialog: (confused)
1) 39) dialog: But if the glass is clean, it'll be easier for you to see me when I'm on the other side of it. Caesar smiles at Vincent's cockiness. INT.  GATTACA.  DAY. VINCENT empties garbage into a dumpster adjacent to Gatta His attention is drawn to something in the trash.  A disc manual on Celestial Mechanics and Navigation.  He wipes f residue off the corner. INT.  ASTRONOMY &amp; TELESCOPE SHOP.  DAY. A forest of telescopes on tripods in an astronomy shop. enters the store with a bucket and squeegee and immediate to clean the storefront window.  The STORE OWNER looks up his tabloid - "STAR" magazine.
1) 42) text: Of course the best test score in the world wasn't going to get me in the front door unless I had the blood test to go with it.</i> EXT.  GATTACA.  NIGHT. While his fellow WORKERS sit on the steps at the service entrance to Gattaca, passing around an unlabeled bottle o liquor, VINCENT sits some distance away studying his text In the absence of a computer, he practices typing command keyboard handdrawn on the flap of a cardboard box. A tiny, seedy-looking man, GERMAN, forties, appears from nowhere and takes a seat beside him.
1) 44) text: Vincent, I'm German-- (anticipating Vincent's response)
1) 45) text: That's my name. He looks the apprehensive Vincent up and down.
1) 46) dialog: What do you think?
1) 49) text: provided you know what you're doing and you can meet the terms. Vincent pulls a plastic e-money card from his overalls.
1) 52) text: I thought I told you not to get any ideas. High up the side of a building, washing windows, VINCENT occasionally to practice typing commands on his cardboard viewing a screen in his imagination - or the nightsky its He hears his name being called.
1) 54) dialog: (staring through his glasses)
1) 60) dialog: I hope he's not just a body.
1) 62) dialog: How do I square the accident?
1) 66) dialog: (looking around for a likely candidate but finding none)
1) 67) text: Where is he? German reaches towards a PARAPLEGIC sitting in his wheelc in the stairwell directly in front of them, his head slum incriminating bong nestled in his lap.  German pulls the head up by the hair.  EUGENE.  Depsite the patchy, unkemp beard and thick glaze over his eyes he bears a striking similarity to Vincent.  Vincent holds a mirror beside the of the lethargic Eugene to compare his own reflection.
1) 70) dialog: (still not fully convinced)
1) 73) dialog: (touching his own dark strands)
1) 77) dialog: (a thought occurs, addressing the paraplegic for the first time)
1) 80) text: Four foot six. Vincent grins, realizing that Eugene is referring to his height.  There is an instant connection between the two m
1) 81) dialog: Okay, how tall did you <i>used</i> to be?
1) 84) dialog: (to German, disappointed)
1) 88) dialog: Even with lifts I'm never that tall.
1) 90) text: I confess, at first I wondered if I had rescued a man who was already dead.</i> INT.  HOUSING PROJECT - APARTMENT - BATHROOM.  NIGHT. VINCENT holds EUGENE's head over the toilet bowl as he vo violently.  Eugene's paralysis and Vincent's broken legs the operation doubly difficult. Finally Eugene has nothing left in his stomach to vomit. drops to the floor in exhaustion.  Vincent, also exhauste the effort of holding Eugene over the bowl, joins him on broken linoleum.  Both men stare up at the ceiling that c a map of the constellation.
1) 91) dialog: You okay, Jerome?
1) 93) text: Yeah.  You want to go dancing tonight? Vincent smiles. INT.  HOUSING PROJECT - APARTMENT.  NIGHT. EUGENE turns his nose up at the plate of boiled meat and potatoes that VINCENT puts in front of him.  Vincent catc look.
1) 94) dialog: What's wrong with it?
1) 96) dialog: (shrugs)
1) 100) dialog: German.
1) 104) dialog: (shrugs and states it simply)
3) 116) text: I'm proud of you, Vincent. Eugene's head falls back onto the pillow.
3) 118) text: You must be drunk to call me Vincent. But Eugene does not reply, drifting into sleep once again Jerome pulls a blanket over him. On the verge of leaving, Jerome's attention is drawn to a on the far side of the room.  Approaching the wall, near Eugene's mirrored closet, he detects a faint mechanical w coming from inside the adjacent condominium.  Jerome contemplates investigating but exits the condominium inst - climbing the spiral staircase to his own condominium. INT.  JEROME'S CONDO - LIVING ROOM.  NIGHT. JEROME fastidiously vacuums with an upright cleaner.  Usi hose attachment he cleans around a picture frame that con Jerome's original computer keyboard handdrawn on the flap cardboard box. INT. GATTACA - COMPUTER COMPLEX.  DAY. In the vast room of COMPUTER PROGRAMMERS we pull-focus to discover that we have been filming the complex through th transparent specimen bag containing JEROME'S EYELASH. On the mezzanine floor overlooking the scene of the crime the INVESTIGATOR holds the bag, transfixed by the lash. lead homicide detective, DETECTIVE HUGO, finishes intervi a GATTACA SECURITY GUARD and approaches the Investigator. A large telescope in the background. Although Hugo is deferential to his more youthful superio body language betrays his displeasure.  Hugo clearly does relish the Investigator's involvement in his case.
4) 15) text: This unaccountable specimen was found in the south wing corridor. In the room below, Jerome nonchalantly steps off the trea stealthily retrieves the recording device from beneath th control panel and returns it to his cigarette pack. He casually wipes off drops of sweat from the machine wit towel, briefly glances to Irene with the Investigators an to the locker room. The Director idly regards the image of VINCENT on Hugo's handheld screen.  He does not recognize the face.
4) 69) text: How could they recognize you? (referring to the torn photo of 20-year-old Vincent on the wall)
6) 50) text: She doesn't <i>have</i> to know.  She doesn't <i>want</i> The camera travels down Jerome's scarred legs to find tha pool is completely drained.  We now realize that it never contained water. A BARREN WASTELAND. A desolate landscape, resembling the surface of the plane We pull back to find that we are peering at this forbiddi desert through a circular aperture. INT.  CRIME LAB.  DAY. The INVESTIGATOR lifts his head from the eyepiece of an electron microscope through which he has been examining a fragment of skin - the skin is identified as belonging to YEAR-OLD VINCENT.  DETECTIVE HUGO stands at the Investiga side - his attitude more respectful in light of the disco Detective Hugo points out a location on a computer-genera map.
6) 55) text: No.  But one or two "borrowed ladders" have shown up there in the past. The Investigator understands the significance.  They wand to a blow-up photograph of the 20-YEAR-OLD VINCENT.
6) 65) text: It is hard to believe he could be one of their elite workers.  You've seen their security system.  They know who works there. (referring to 20-year-old Vincent's profile)
6) 77) text: Blood.  From the vein. The Investigator turns on his heel to prevent further pro The Detective and his ASSISTANTS exchange looks of exaspe behind the Investigator's back. INT.  GATTACA.  DAY. JEROME, drinking water, stands in front of a large video bulletin board.  Among other things, it displays the elec mugshot of 20-YEAR-OLD VINCENT alongside the recent compu generated age enhancement of his face. Some distance away, CAESAR, the elderly janitor, discusse mugshots with a YOUNGER JANITOR.
6) 336) text: From Vincent. The two men face each other for the first time in a long time.  The Investigator is transfixed by Jerome's face - scarcely able to believe his eyes.
6) 345) text: Come with me now, Vincent.  You've gone as far as you can go.
6) 361) text: I will prove it to you.  Come swim with me now, Vincent.  Now--tonight. Jerome regards Anton with a knowing smile.  Somewhere in a phone rings.
6) 375) text: For all my gifts, they could never engineer me a heart like Vincent's. Irene turns back to the incinerator, lost in though. EXT.  BEACH.  NIGHT. JEROME and ANTON walk down a dune together towards the be far from Gattaca - an ocean beach pounded by an angry, bl sea.  Jerome picks up a sharp piece of shell and slices t of his thumb.  A drop of blood oozes out.  He offers the to Anton but Anton does not take it. Both men begin to disrobe.  The brothers stand beside eac on the sand once again - Anton still the more athleticall of the two. Together, they enter the raging surf.  Diving through the breaking waves, they begin to swim. In the moonlit night, we watch their two bodies swimming side.  They swim a long distance, Anton waiting for his b to tire.  But the pace does not slacken.  Anton pulls up water.  Sensing his brother is no longer beside him, Jero pulls up.  They tread water several yards apart.
6) 377) text: How are you doing this, Vincent?  How have you done <i>any</i> of this?
6) 380) text: Vincent, where's the shore?  We're too far out. We have to go back!
6) 430) text: Have a safe trip, Vincent. Jerome exits up a long enclosed escalator, realizing that has known all along. INT.  EUGENE'S CONDOMINIUM.  NIGHT. EUGENE knocks back a vodka.  With a certain reverence he his silver medal around his neck. INT.  ESCALATOR.  NIGHT. At the top of a long escalator, the door to a craft is se INT.  EUGENE'S CONDOMINIUM.  NIGHT. Eugene's wheelchair, empty, sits beside the door of the incinerator, also secured. EXT.  LAUNCHPAD.  NIGHT. A CLOSE UP of the flame of a rocket's engines igniting - ball of fire engulfs the launchpad - filling the screen. INT.  EUGENE'S CONDOMINIUM - INCINERATOR.  NIGHT. Inside the incinerator another ball of fire - this time engulfing the unseen figure of EUGENE.  We glimpse the me around his neck, melting in the fierce blaze. EXT.  GATTACA - LAUNCHPAD.  NIGHT. As we have seen so often in the past, a rocket launches i the sky over Gattaca - however on this occasion it carrie Jerome. INT.  SPACECRAFT.  NIGHT. We focus on JEROME's face - seeing little if any of the c Jerome's eyes are closed.  His head is still - alarmingly Could the launch itself have been too much for him?  He h thoguhts in his head. <i>JEROME (VO)