5) 3) dialog: Hi Lizzy.
5) 5) dialog: Sorry. How are you feeling?
5) 7) dialog: What kind of news Elizabeth?
5) 9) dialog: That's wonderful honey. I ...I wish I was able to be there but your Stepsister has her piano recital and Richard is coaching Thomas.. She could care less Elizabeth cuts her off mid sentence. about her Mother’s new family and life.
5) 11) dialog: He is? That’s, um ...well... (Clears her throat.) Am I ever going to meet him? V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 6.
5) 13) dialog: That’s great sweetheart, but... Elizabeth cuts her off again. Her tone becomes agitated.
5) 15) dialog: I just don't want you taking your mental health lightly. Moving in with someone is a big deal Elizabeth.
5) 17) dialog: (Beat. ) I'll try to make a trip up from San Diego soon. Elizabeth bites her lip in thought.
5) 18) dialog: Are you there Elizabeth?
5) 21) dialog: Yes?
5) 24) dialog: I’m here.
5) 26) dialog: It’s just. (Beat. ) I had a very different idea of what I thought your life would be. But, you’re a 30 year old woman and you can make your own choices.
5) 28) dialog: Then that’s all ...that matters. It becomes uncomfortably silent, then-
5) 29) dialog: (In a hurry.) I have to go. Your Step sister just knocked over ...a bowl. I’1l see you soon. Gotta run. Before Elizabeth can say anything else- CLICK! The phone hangs up. The phone still to her ear-
5) 364) dialog: It’s your Mother, Elizabeth. Open the door.
5) 366) dialog: I took a ride up for the day with your Stepfather. He had some business. I thought I would stop by and surprise you.
5) 368) dialog: No, I’m fine. (Looking around.) Are you ...alone?
5) 370) dialog: Nothing. I was simply wondering if anyone was “here”? Elizabeth's tone becomes soft but not forgiving.
5) 372) dialog: What about Grant?
5) 374) dialog: (Awkward beat.) Your hair got long again. Elizabeth pulls at her hair like a child.
5) 376) dialog: No. Don’t do that. You look so beautiful. V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 58. Carol stands and walks toward Elizabeth. She reaches for daughter’s face with her hand. Elizabeth closes her eyes and reopens them, looking at he Mother like a little girl. For a split second she lets he guard down, becoming vulnerable.
5) 378) dialog: Hi Lizzy. Elizabeth makes a face.
5) 380) dialog: What happened to you? You look like a corpse! Put on some damn makeup. When are you going to get out of this slump, stop sucking up State disability and get back into world for Christ sake Elizabeth? Carol references the small desk with the books and manuscript. Elizabeth quickly realizes that this is the same, nasty w she has always known. She tenses up.
5) 382) dialog: A Christmas tree? We’re Jewish Elizabeth! Elizabeth tries very hard to stay calm. Their conversatio filled with a lifetime of resentment and unspoken feeling That is about to change.
5) 385) dialog: Don’t you dare bring up your good for nothing Father to me. Clearly you forgot who raised you after he walked out on us. I guess that’s to be expected of someone who’s too busy playing make believe her whole life to really know what’s going on in the world around her. The CAMERA starts to move around the room as they argue. movements are unsettling. Elizabeth does not back down. S stares at Carol.
5) 387) dialog: (Dismissive. ) Call it what you want. I say it’s make believe. I do and I always thought you were full of it Elizabeth. You always wanted attention and this was your way of getting it. (She paces back and forth like a caged rat.) And you know something? I did do my best. (MORE )
5) 389) dialog: Do you think it was easy dealing with day to day worries after your Father left? No job, no car, no money... Elizabeth raises her voice, cutting Carol off.
5) 391) dialog: What does that mean?
5) 393) dialog: To who, Elizabeth? You? What are you even talking about?
5) 395) dialog: Oh, okay. And who helps pay for this apartment? Elizabeth hates this.
5) 396) dialog: You think your disability check covers all of your expenses? Between this place and the extra health insurance you need to cover those fancy Doctor appointments, that what, it magically pays for itself? Hmm? And how dare you? You're going to point your finger at me? (Seething. ) Are you? Carol’s emotions get the best of her - her voice fills wi rage with every word she utters.
5) 397) dialog: You're the reason your Father walked out on us to begin with. This hits Elizabeth hard but she tries not to show it.
5) 398) dialog: All your neuroses and fits. Not to mention your consistent crying like a rotten brat! Oh how I wanted to slap you so many times but I didn't. I should have. Lord knows. I know your Father wanted too. I bet he would of beaten you within an inch of your life if he had stayed one more day. It might of done you some good. Now look at yourself. Can you see now? That’s why Elizabeth, that’s why he left and never looked back. You! Elizabeth is looking down at the floor. V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 62.
5) 400) dialog: (Defensive. ) Keep telling yourself that Elizabeth. You’1l start to believe it. You always lied to make me look like the bad person. When it was always you just looking for attention.
5) 402) dialog: Actions? V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 63.
5) 404) dialog: Elizabeth, listen to me. We can’t leave things this way. If we do... V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 64.
15) 0) text: We PAN around the room revealing the lay out for the firs time. We can’t help but notice an eerie familiarity about -The couch to the left. -A coffee table in front of it. -Windows covered by wooden blinds. -A round two-seater table with two chairs. -In the corner - a Fake Christmas tree with nothing but silver tinsel on it. The same kind of tinsel Elizabeth us to make her ring. -A built in TV cabinet on the other wall. Just like in th opening scene - STATIC is the only thing playing on the T We stay on the TV for a moment, then- Elizabeth walks into room and sits on the couch. She is wearing sweat pants, a baggy sweatshirt and those thick hospital socks from the opening scene - her hair sloppily tied back. The Note book and Bridal Magazine rest on the couch besid her. Elizabeth stares straight ahead. Her eyes glazed ove An odd, distant look planted on her face. We stay in a WIDE SHOT as we begin to hear the following conversation between Dr. Bowman and Elizabeth’s Mother, Carol.
15) 1) dialog: I thought you said she was making progress? 66 V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 87.
15) 3) dialog: What does that even mean?
15) 5) dialog: (She interrupts him.) O'Neil was her Father’s name. I’m remarried now. Please, call me Carol.
15) 9) dialog: I’m sorry Dr. Bowman but I just don’t understand any of this.
15) 11) dialog: (Deep sigh.) Did Elizabeth mention that she and her Father had started speaking again just before he died?
15) 13) dialog: They were very close before we split up. Every Sunday they would order Chinese food and watch movies all damn day. They’d laugh and he’d tell her stories. It was their special time together. (Beat, soft.) He’d even tell her that some day a wonderful guy, like some knight in shining armor would come along and marry her and she would say... Carol chokes up. She composes herself.
15) 14) dialog: ...She would say, I hope I meet a great guy just like you Daddy. (Beat. ) He called her his little “Lizzy Blue”. 67 V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 89. Dr. Bowman can see the pain in her face.
15) 16) dialog: Now what?
15) 18) dialog: Is this my fault? We CUT TO a WIDE TWO SHOT of Carol and Dr. Bowman sitting across from one another. They hold their gaze. No words a spoken.