5) 109) dialog: Elizabeth? Elizabeth nods. DR. BOWMAN (CONT’D) I’m Doctor Bowman. Please, come in. She and Grant stand. Grant walks into his office, followe Elizabeth. Dr. Bowman closes the door behind them. 14 V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 20. INT. DR. BOWMAN’S OFFICE - DAY 14 The office is large and bright. The room is painted a coo baby blue that makes you feel immediately at ease. A large, slightly elevated window covered by thick, verti blinds allows just enough sunlight in, giving the room a feel. A stylishly upholstered couch, flanked by two antique end tables with a wood and metal coffee table are to the left the door. To the far end of the office - warm wood furnishings comprised of Dr. Bowman’s desk, leather desk chair and bookcase are neatly organized. His medical degrees are beautifully framed above his desk. Dr. Bowman makes his way toward a comfy chair on the oppo side of the coffee table, across from the couch.
5) 110) dialog: I’ve heard a lot about you from Dr. Sanders Elizabeth. It’s nice to finally meet you.
5) 112) dialog: (Gestures to couch.) Please, have a seat. Elizabeth and Grant sit on the couch. Throughout the conversation Elizabeth often appears distant, guarded and occasionally defensive - even sarcastic at times. Dr. Bowman takes a moment to review her medical file. Elizabeth sits quietly holding Grant’s hand. She looks up the window, momentarily gazing off.
5) 113) dialog: I see here you’re currently on Haldol for the schizophrenia. Elizabeth reverts her attention back to Dr. Bowman. V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 21.
5) 115) dialog: How is that working for you?
5) 119) dialog: How long have you been on the Haldol now?
5) 121) dialog: And before that I see you were on Seroquel. But it doesn’t mention why the change. Elizabeth looks down.
5) 123) dialog: So you were hallucinating? V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 22. She nods her head. The questions are beginning to make he nervous. She becomes visibly anxious and fidgety - nail biting, hand rubbing, foot tapping and scratching. It’s subtle but very apparent.
5) 125) dialog: And is that the first time you received in-patient treatment?
5) 127) dialog: Would you say you have seen a change in certain behaviors in recent years?
5) 130) dialog: And while under the care of Dr. Sanders he took you off of the Seroquel and placed you on the Haldol for your schizophrenia. He flips through her file, reviewing her history.
5) 131) dialog: And I also see here that you’re currently taking Luvox for your OCD and Ativan for anxiety. V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 23.
5) 133) dialog: And other than the side effects you mentioned, do you feel that this current combination of medications is working for you?
5) 135) dialog: And did you tell all of this to Dr. Sanders? Elizabeth is becoming visibly upset.
5) 137) dialog: And what did he say? Dr. Bowman looks up at her. He notices the petting for th first time.
5) 140) dialog: It’s perfectly okay Elizabeth. You don’t have to apologize to me for anything. Mental illness doesn’t need to be treated like a dirty secret. This is a safe environment. No one is going to judge you here. She looks up at him. For the first time Elizabeth feels a ease in Dr. Bowman’s presence.
5) 142) dialog: Tell me a little about yourself Elizabeth.
5) 144) dialog: What do you do?
5) 146) dialog: Stressful work? V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 25.
5) 148) dialog: Yes, I suppose that could be a challenge. They share a smile.
5) 151) dialog: (Reflective, yet confident.) I think I can help you Elizabeth. Based on your mental health history I believe with the proper combination of medication and psychotherapy you can have a significant improvement to your quality of life. Give me a moment. Dr. Bowman walks out of the office. Elizabeth looks at Grant. He gives her a reassuring smile Dr. Bowman returns a moment later holding a SAMPLE of Pil and a prescription pad.
5) 152) dialog: I’m going to start you on something called Invega. Have you been on this before? She shakes her head no. He hands her the sample, takes a seat and writes in his prescription pad.
5) 153) dialog: I want to start you at a low dose. 3 milligrams daily. That way we have room to go up. (MORE )
5) 155) dialog: And for the anxiety, even though itchiness is a highly unusual side effect associated with Ativan, I want you to start taking Klonopin - once in the morning and once at night to help balance out the anxiousness. He hands her the prescription. Elizabeth manages a nervous smile.
5) 157) dialog: I'd like you to continue with the Luvox but let’s increase the dose to 300 milligrams per day. Once in the morning and once at night, same as the Klonopin. I believe this is a very good start. Do you have any questions for me? Grant looks at Elizabeth.
5) 160) dialog: Okay then. I’1l see you next week for a follow up, okay? Elizabeth bites her lip and rubs her legs with both hands if she were trying to start a fire. She stands. So does Grant.
5) 162) dialog: And don’t hesitate to call me if you have any adverse side effects or if any other extreme behaviors occur.
5) 280) dialog: I'm sorry for the delay Elizabeth. He takes a seat across from her.
5) 282) dialog: Tell me what’s going on with you.
5) 284) dialog: What’s happened that has you so unsettled? She is distraught - anxious.
5) 286) dialog: From what I see here it’s been some time since you’ve seen or heard from that particular hallucination, is that correct? She nods.
5) 287) dialog: How’s your depression and anxiety level?
5) 289) dialog: Is there anything you’re currently dealing with in your life that may have triggered this recent incident?
5) 291) dialog: We're talking about Grant, correct? Dr. Bowman makes a note in her file.
5) 293) dialog: How much do you remember about last night?
5) 295) dialog: Were you alone?
5) 297) dialog: Are you hallucinating now?
5) 299) dialog: Are you having suicidal thoughts?
5) 301) dialog: Do you think you’re a danger to yourself?
5) 303) dialog: How about to anyone else?
5) 305) dialog: Elizabeth, I need you to listen to me very carefully and try to understand what I’m about to say, okay? She nods.
5) 306) dialog: The best thing you can do is ignore the voices and hallucinations at all costs. Don’t make friends with them, don't talk to them, don’t even acknowledge them. Even if they’re nice to you. She turns away, drifting off into thought.
5) 307) dialog: We don't want you to engage with any of the hallucinations. It could potentially worsen your state of mind. She drifts off in the distance as she listens.
5) 308) dialog: I understand how real these hallucinations might feel when they’re happening, but they’re not. (MORE )
5) 310) dialog: And you need to do your best to try and tune them out. Turn the television up extra loud. Listen to music with headphones on. Call someone. Anything at all to try and distract yourself until the episode passes. Elizabeth stares out the window at nothing in particular.
5) 314) dialog: Elizabeth ...love is a very strong emotion. It’s not something that can be forced or created out of thin air. Some people believe we can even teach others to love us. 29 30 31 V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 48. Grant begins to pick up his pace.
5) 316) dialog: Love is something that can only come naturally. It finds us when we're ready for it but only after we've learned to love ourselves.
5) 318) dialog: Love isn’t a dream we should be afraid of waking up from either. Real love, unconditional love is possibly our greatest achievement as human beings. But it’s also often the most illusive. Grant continues to run. His pace steady and fast. His fac filling with tears.
5) 319) dialog: Because of that, we can often find ourselves clinging to our idea of love. Our perception of it. The faster Grant runs the harder his tears fall. As Grant picks up his pace he begins to sob uncontrollabl
5) 321) dialog: But when we find love ...true love, it comes with unconditional circumstances. And a love like that can’t be broken by anything, including mental illness.
5) 323) dialog: It can only make the love you share stronger. We hold on Grant - overwhelmed with emotion, then -
5) 326) dialog: That's a very good start Elizabeth. The fact that you desire to get well means you're a fighter and that you’re not going to let this illness overcome you. Life is about choices and you have to choose for yourself. Elizabeth nods and smiles at Dr. Bowman.
5) 328) dialog: Okay lets take a look at where we can go from here in terms of medication and dosage. Dr. Bowman opens her file.
5) 329) dialog: Now, I need you to be honest with me. Are you skipping doses?
5) 331) dialog: Good. 50. Dr. Bowman looks through his files comparing medications dosages for a few moments.
5) 332) dialog: I’m going to prescribe a drug called Saphris. It’s a dissolvable tab that comes in 5 and 10 milligram doses. It can be very effective and is generally well tolerated. The CAMERA stays on Elizabeth as Dr. Bowman continues to talk. She gazes off again.
5) 333) dialog: This particular medication will not only help you get a full nights sleep, which could combat some of the depression and anxiety but if you are having an episode, similar to the one you experienced last night, you can place a tab under your tongue and it can work quickly to diminish the voices, hallucinations and intrusive thoughts. The main down side is it could make you very sleepy so it’s best to take it at night just before bed.
5) 335) dialog: I feel good about this current regime of medications. I want to see you back here in a week. Keep your head up and call the office with any concerns or if you feel you need to see me sooner.
10) 35) dialog: You're looking well, Elizabeth.
10) 37) dialog: That’s wonderful to hear. Have you had anymore hallucinations since our last session?
10) 39) dialog: That’s good news. That tells me the Invega is working. How's your anxiety been?
10) 41) dialog: I’m sorry to hear that.
10) 43) dialog: Well, good. Sometimes confronting something or someone who has been a source of stress in our lives can often help us deal with our other issues. Dr. Bowman notices the piece of paper.
10) 44) dialog: What do you have there?
10) 46) dialog: That was nice of her. He stands, walks to his desk. He returns with her file. H making a note. V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 78.
10) 47) dialog: So other than the raccoon and some anxiety, you haven’t had any other episodes?
10) 49) dialog: That’s good. And have you been taking the Saphris?
10) 51) dialog: I’m sure that it is but I’d like you to take a Saphris tonight. 10 milligrams.
10) 53) dialog: That’s correct but it’s also preventative. Considering the occurrence with Tim was fairly recent followed by the argument with your Mother, I'd rather be safe than sorry. These types of situations can often cause a relapse due to stress. Why not nip it in the bud now? He smiles a re-assuring smile. She gazes up at the window
10) 55) dialog: It’s my pleasure Elizabeth. You're a bright, warm young woman and I want noting more than to help you get back to living a full, productive life. I’d like you to call me tomorrow afternoon to tell me how you’re feeling after taking the Saphris, okay? She nods, her smile tight. Her expression one of uncertai INT. ELIZABETH’S LIVING ROOM - NIGHT 50 Elizabeth enters. The only light in the apartment is comi from the Christmas tree and a large CUPCAKE sitting on th coffee table with a single candle sticking out of the top She closes the door, walks to the coffee table and squats down. She stares at the cupcake, her eyes transfixed by t candle. We are TIGHT on her FACE. The glow from the candle light illuminates her face.
11) 3) dialog: Elizabeth, I need you to listen to me very carefully and try to understand what I’m about to say, okay?
11) 5) dialog: The best thing you can do is ignore the voices and hallucinations at all costs.
12) 1) dialog: Don't make friends with them, don't talk to them...
12) 3) dialog: Don’t even acknowledge them.
12) 5) dialog: Even if they’re nice to you.
12) 7) dialog: We don't want you to engage with any of the hallucinations. It could potentially worsen your state of mind.
12) 9) dialog: I understand how real these hallucinations might feel when they’re happening, but they’re not.
15) 0) text: We PAN around the room revealing the lay out for the firs time. We can’t help but notice an eerie familiarity about -The couch to the left. -A coffee table in front of it. -Windows covered by wooden blinds. -A round two-seater table with two chairs. -In the corner - a Fake Christmas tree with nothing but silver tinsel on it. The same kind of tinsel Elizabeth us to make her ring. -A built in TV cabinet on the other wall. Just like in th opening scene - STATIC is the only thing playing on the T We stay on the TV for a moment, then- Elizabeth walks into room and sits on the couch. She is wearing sweat pants, a baggy sweatshirt and those thick hospital socks from the opening scene - her hair sloppily tied back. The Note book and Bridal Magazine rest on the couch besid her. Elizabeth stares straight ahead. Her eyes glazed ove An odd, distant look planted on her face. We stay in a WIDE SHOT as we begin to hear the following conversation between Dr. Bowman and Elizabeth’s Mother, Carol.
15) 2) dialog: She is. But the type of Schizophrenia Elizabeth has is very uncommon and can manifest symptoms in many ways, including a change in her perceptions that can influence her sense of reality. In her particular case this not only includes hearing voices that are not real or seeing something that is not actually present, she also has tactile hallucinations that create a sensation of physical contact. In addition she has the type of anxiety symptoms which are consistent with a diagnosis of OCD. All of these symptoms at once can lead to severe distress and be very disabling. With all of these medical conditions to manage, it’s going to be very challenging and extremely important to have an effective treatment plan and to stick with it. INT. DR. BOWMAN’S OFFICE - DAY 66 Carol and Dr. Bowman are mid-conversation. The CAMERA cut back and forth between them - remaining TIGHT on their fa almost filling the entire screen. You can tell by the look on Carol's face that either she didn’t understand a word he just said or doesn’t want to accept it.
15) 4) dialog: Mrs. O'Neil, you...
15) 6) dialog: Of course. (Clearing his throat.) Carol, your daughter’s mental health is, well, severe in nature. (MORE )
15) 8) dialog: Stress, let alone a traumatic event can easily trigger a psychotic episode.
15) 10) dialog: The first appearance of the hallucination Elizabeth came to identify as Grant seems to have coincided with the death of her Father last year. So although the medication did in fact eliminate her hallucinations, including the one of Grant, it uncovered a deeper emotional and psychological detachment. Carol appears to drift off in thought for a moment.
15) 12) dialog: No, she hadn’t mentioned that. Carol let’s out a sad, reflective laugh.
15) 15) dialog: I’m sorry Carol.
15) 17) dialog: Dr. Sanders and I have decided it would be best to keep her here at Statewood. Hopefully, after some time and the proper treatment Elizabeth will be able to break free from the notion that she’s lost the love of her life. Carol takes a long, thoughtful beat before looking direct at Dr. Bowman.