3) 0) text: The CAMERA turns into the common room, PANNING down to th floor, stopping just short of a COUCH. We don’t see much the room. A moment later, the feet of ELIZABETH come down from the couch, touching the floor. They are covered in thick, non slip hospital issued socks. We stay on her feet as she stands, walks out of the room into the ward hallway.
4) 0) text: Elizabeth's footsteps are light, almost silent as she wal down the hall. The CAMERA stays on her feet, following them in the direc we just came from. We follow Elizabeth's feet as she makes her way into the lobby, toward the phones.
5) 0) text: Elizabeth takes a seat in front of the phone. We stay TIGHT - revealing nothing more than Elizabeth's f hands, legs, arms, fingers, ears, nose and lips. We never her entire face throughout the scene. From the various an we can see she is dressed in sweat pants and a baggy sweatshirt. Elizabeth picks up the phone but she does not answer it y We are TIGHT on her fingers as Elizabeth plays with the c intertwining it around her fingers - a nervous tick cause anxiety. It’s almost as if she doesn’t want to speak too whomever is on the call. We can’t help but notice the black rubber hair band wrapp around her wrist. She sits with her right knee up, her other foot planted o the floor. She finally brings the phone to her ear.
5) 1) text: We PAN UP just enough - exposing Elizabeth’s chin and mou
5) 2) dialog: Hello.
5) 4) dialog: Mom, please don’t call me Lizzy. Carol’s tone shifts to one of annoyance.
5) 6) dialog: I have news.
5) 8) dialog: I’m going home tomorrow. Carol’s tone changes from annoyed to tolerant - cautious even.
5) 10) dialog: It’s okay Mom. Grant’s picking me up. (Beat. ) And he’s moving in. Once again you can hear the tone change in her Mother’s voice. It’s a mixture of confusion and concern.
5) 12) dialog: Mom, do you really want me to get into the reasons why you haven't met Grant? (She bites at one of her fingernails.) I’m going home tomorrow. I have a new doctor. We start sessions next week. I plan on getting well Mom. I want to have a life and be as normal as possible.
5) 14) dialog: No buts Mom. I don’t want to be upset or have feelings of resentment toward you anymore but right now I need to focus on what's best for me.
5) 16) dialog: I know that. Elizabeth is trying hard not to let her Mother spoil the moment but the foot tapping, nail biting and skin scratch tell us otherwise. She is full of anxiety and annoyance n She takes a deep breath - raising her hand to her neck, gripping it as if she were gasping for air or trying to c herself. It’s hard to tell.
5) 20) dialog: I’m here. (Beat) Mom?
5) 22) dialog: Grant asked me to marry him and I said yes. There is a long silence.
5) 23) dialog: Mom?
5) 25) dialog: You’re not happy?
5) 27) dialog: He makes me happy.
5) 30) dialog: Sure Mom... V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 8. Elizabeth lets the phone move down the side of her face, gently leaning her chin on it. She then releases the phon letting it dangle from the cord. She removes the black hair band from her wrist and sloppi ties her hair up. She stands, takes a deep breath, then defiantly SLAMS the phone down onto the receiver and we-
5) 34) dialog: No I’m okay. I’m going to take a shower and throw this stuff in the dirty clothes. She indicates the contents of her backpack.
5) 36) dialog: Tea?
5) 39) dialog: Okay, I’1l be right out. Elizabeth continues to stand in the shower - in her own world. She feels safe enclosed in the shower. Suddenly a feeling of nervousness overcomes her again. He body shudders from a chill. She doesn't feel alone in the bathroom. She looks behind her. She mumbles to herself - trying to remain calm but paranoia is getting the best of her. ELIZABETH (CONT’D) (Quick and muffled.) It’s okay, it’s okay, it’s okay, it’s okay. She turns the water off, then on again, then off again. W she is sure it’s off she quickly steps out of the shower. She grabs a worn-in bathrobe hanging on the back of the bathroom door - quickly holding it up in front of herself if hiding her naked body from someone. Elizabeth places the robe to her nose - smelling it. Something about this is oddly calming to her. She stands a moment - embracing the robe. Elizabeth puts the robe on - tying it tightly around her waist. Her small frame is devoured by the oversized terry cloth. She grabs a towel hanging on a near-by rack and be to dry her hair. The tea kettle continues to scream from the kitchen while stares at her reflection - gently patting her face dry. V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 11. INT. ELIZABETH’S LIVING ROOM - DAY 9 Elizabeth and Grant are sitting on opposite sides of the couch. She is still in her bathrobe - a cup of tea grippe her hands. She is staring into it. The containers of old Chinese food remain in the same spo the coffee table. Grant points to it.
5) 41) dialog: You read my mind. I’ve been craving month old Chinese food.
5) 46) dialog: I never want to go back to that place. They sit in silence for a moment, then-
5) 48) dialog: Tomorrow. I just need to be with you right now and not think.
5) 51) dialog: What did your friends say when you told them you were moving in with me?
5) 54) dialog: That’s nice to hear. Did you choose a best man?
5) 56) dialog: I told my Mother.
5) 58) dialog: (Sarcastic. ) It was a conversation filled with grief and disappointment. So all and all I'd say it went pretty good.
5) 60) dialog: I don’t know. (Beat. ) And I honestly don’t care.
5) 62) dialog: (Sarcastic, yet playful.) You think you know me, huh?
5) 65) dialog: Oh yeah?
5) 68) dialog: I hate that! Why do you do it?
5) 70) dialog: Yes! 10 11 V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 14.
5) 76) dialog: Please leave me alone. Elizabeth keeps her eyes planted on the pad. We follow he eyes to the pen. Her hand comes into frame - picking up the pen. She raise her head and begins to write frantically in different directions, rotating the notebook in the process. CLOSE on the Notebook- -Mrs. O'Neil She rotates the notebook. -Mrs. Grant O’Neil She rotates the notebook. -Mrs. Elizabeth 0’Neil She rotates the notebook. -Mrs. Elizabeth Grant 0’Neil She rotates the notebook. -Mrs. Grant Elizabeth 0’Neil She rotates the notebook but before she writes again we h
5) 78) dialog: Well dear sir, as you may already know, among my many issues, I am also obsessive compulsive and currently on medication for it. Grant looks at the notebook.
5) 82) dialog: No jerk. It’s called Luvox ...and I actually think it’s the only medication that’s working. She looks down, picks up her pen and taps it three times the notebook. TAP! TAP! TAP! ELIZABETH (CONT’D) This is more my anxiety than obsessiveness.
5) 84) dialog: No, I don’t like the Ativan. It makes me itchy. It must be some weird side effect. Grants responds sarcastically under his breath.
5) 87) dialog: What, are you going to melt? Grants smiles - takes a moment.
5) 89) dialog: Okay.
5) 91) dialog: Yes Grant. V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 17.
5) 93) dialog: (Agitated. ) Please don’t start with me.
5) 95) dialog: Oh what and I do? You sound like my Mother. Before he can respond, Elizabeth slams the pen down and storms out of the room. OFF CAMERA, from the other room, we hear her mumbling to herself about “everyone telling her what to do”, tired of being treated like a child", among other things. Then - a cabinet opens then SLAMS closed. Grant sits quietly stari down at the table. She returns a few moments later holding a basket filled w PILL BOTTLES. She dumps them all over the table and sits down. ELIZABETH (0.C.) (CONT’D) Fine! Lets do it now! Here ..-happy? Grant appears hurt by her outburst. Slowly his expression changes to a grin. He looks at all of the pills.
5) 98) dialog: Okay, I guess.
5) 100) dialog: I was, a little. Not too bad.
5) 102) dialog: No. Grant moves her hair behind one of her ears hand under her chin, tilting her head up to with him.
5) 104) dialog: I love you too. Without saying another word, one by one she then places his make eye contact opens the pill bottles and begins to place a pill from each bottle into daily pill case. As she continues to do this Grant can se she is getting overwhelmed. He extends his hand and place on the table. Elizabeth reaches for it. We hold tight on them. Nothing said. Nothing needs to be.
5) 111) dialog: It’s nice to meet you too Dr. Bowman. This is my fiance, Grant. Dr. Bowman takes a seat across from Elizabeth and Grant. smiles tightly, a slight squint in his eye. His demeanor calm and direct, yet soft and warm. His voice smooth and soothing.
5) 114) dialog: Yes.
5) 116) dialog: I hate it. Between the headaches, difficulty peeing and the muscle stiffness I feel like it’s making me feel crazier than I am. And with all of the other pills, the dry mouth is enough to make me want to scream. Dr. Bowman removes a pen from his pocket and makes a note her file.
5) 118) dialog: Shut up. Dr. Bowman looks in Grant’s direction.
5) 120) dialog: Dr. Sanders put me on it as soon as I was admitted into Statewood, so about 5 weeks now.
5) 122) dialog: I was escorted out of a grocery store for getting into an argument with a Fireman - who wasn’t actually there.
5) 124) dialog: The Police were called and I was taken to the hospital.
5) 126) dialog: Yes. Well, no. I’ve been in and out of hospitals over the years but those were voluntary and mostly for evaluation.
5) 128) dialog: I'd say it started getting worse a little over a year ago. Dr. Bowman makes another note in her file. She turns to Grant.
5) 129) dialog: Not long before we first started dating. Lucky you. Grant’s expression is one of complete support. Dr. Bowman looks in Grant’s direction again.
5) 132) dialog: Yes.
5) 134) dialog: No. I hate the Ativan. It makes me itchy. Dr. Bowman looks back down at her file. He is making note while reading others. His eyes remain in the file. Elizabeth begins PETTING “something” on the couch beside It’s subtle, understated but very real to her. ELIZABETH (CONT’D) And the Haldol isn’t working either. I’m still hearing voices almost every day. I feel like the Luvox is the only thing working but it’s not 100%.
5) 136) dialog: Yes.
5) 138) dialog: Give it time. I did. It’s not working. Elizabeth catches herself petting. She becomes self- conscious, pulling her hand away and clasping them tightl against her chest to keep them occupied.
5) 139) dialog: Sorry. (Beat. ) Sometimes I see raccoons. V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 24. She looks toward the imaginary raccoon. ELIZABETH (CONT’D) I can’t help myself but pet them. I’m really sorry. She looks down, momentarily embarrassed. Grant comforts h Dr. Bowman smiles warmly. He makes another note in her fi then leans forward - his tone reassuring.
5) 141) dialog: I need a doctor who will listen to me. Not just medicate me. Her comment strikes a cord.
5) 143) dialog: Umm, well. I’m 30 and ...I‘’m getting married soon. She smiles and leans into Grant. ELIZABETH (CONT’D) I'd like to get back to work but I want to make sure I’m, you know, capable enough.
5) 145) dialog: I’m a book editor ...was.
5) 147) dialog: It can be. You have to have all of your wits about you. You’re being trusted with editing someone's work. So cutting too deep or making the wrong edits would be bad.
5) 150) dialog: Yes, what do you think?
5) 156) dialog: Okay. She stares at the prescription in her hand.
5) 159) dialog: No. Dr. Bowman looks at Grant, then back to Elizabeth.
5) 161) dialog: Okay. Dr. Bowman Stands. 15 V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 27.
5) 164) dialog: (Soft but frantic.) Do you hear that? Do hear that? Do hear that? Do you hear that? The sound of the train is growing louder - it’s very clos now. Elizabeth’s face is filled with pure panic. She lays frozen on the sofa. ELIZABETH (CONT’D) The train is coming. The train is coming. The train is coming. SUDDENLY, the entire room is filled with the SOUNDS of a LOCOMOTIVE. Elizabeth leaps up. Her voice raises, trying to shout abo the train.
5) 165) dialog: 
5) 168) dialog: The TRAIN Grant. IT’S SO LOUD. She places her hands over her ears. Grant is trying his best to calm her down.
5) 170) dialog: 
5) 183) dialog: So?
5) 185) dialog: It doesn’t feel like Christmas. Grant is like a 10 year-old boy right now.
5) 187) dialog: Okay, okay. Elizabeth walks past Grant, walking toward the bathroom.
5) 189) dialog: Okay, okay, you’re so annoying sometimes. Grant smiles, but it’s forced. EXT. CHRISTMAS TREE LOT —- EVENING 19 Grant and Elizabeth stroll through the lot, flanked by Christmas trees on either side of them. The only light is coming from the strand of Christmas tree lights that zigz above the entire lot. We stay TIGHT on Grant and Elizabet while they walk. OTHER CUSTOMERS roam about but they are like a blur in th background.
5) 191) dialog: Are you okay? She wipes a little dirt off his face. He nods.
5) 193) dialog: Where are your parents? The Boy points in an unseen direction. ELIZABETH (CONT’D) Okay, you better go stand by them. Elizabeth and Grant stand up as the Boy runs off.
5) 195) dialog: Yeah. Elizabeth is quiet. Her mind off somewhere else.
5) 197) dialog: I don’t know. (Beat. ) Do you want kids?
5) 199) dialog: Do you want to have kids with me?
5) 201) dialog: It’s just ...we never talked about it and with me being the way I am I wasn't sure if you would want to.
5) 203) dialog: And why is that?
5) 206) dialog: You never told me that you were a klepto. What would you steal?
5) 209) dialog: Don’t joke. He stops in his tracks - turning to her.
5) 212) dialog: (Sarcastic. ) Oh, yeah and what will they get from you?
5) 214) dialog: Ha, okay and your conceitedness too? 20 V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 34.
5) 216) dialog: What if they end up like me? Sick. Grant stops and grabs Elizabeth - turns her to face him.
5) 220) dialog: It’s beautiful. V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 35. She mindlessly digs through the box. She removes some old silver tinsel.
5) 223) dialog: You know I don’t care about that. She looks at the silver tinsel. She rips a piece off, the twists it around her finger - holding it up. ELIZABETH (CONT’D) This is all I need. Grant takes a seat on the floor, scooting up behind her - wrapping his arms around her body. They are pressed tight together, gazing up at the tree.
5) 224) dialog: Grant?
5) 226) dialog: Thank you for today. For the tree, the decorations, the lights ..-everything.
5) 228) dialog: (Softly. ) Sometimes I wish I could runaway from myself. His eyes remain looking at the tree.
5) 230) dialog: Why do you love me so much? Grant continues to look straight ahead.
5) 238) dialog: You're not real. You’re not real. You're not real. I’m getting better. You’re not real. Tim’s voice becomes more menacing, threatening even. He lashes out but his tone is almost always calm. The CAMERA jumps around Elizabeth's face. Tim’s voice see to be everywhere. There is no escaping it.
5) 240) dialog: Shut up! You’re not real! She turns toward the bathroom sink, opens her eyes to rev TIM standing in the bathroom behind her. Her eyes go wide with fear. She remains perfectly still as we reveal him f the very first time. Tim is handsome, well tailored, pale white skin with his neatly parted. He appears mannequin like. His sweater ves and perfectly knotted tie give him a dapper appearance. Tim is Elizabeth’s most vicious hallucination. He torment her. He tells her horrible things and often speaks to her like a child. She fears him but Elizabeth has been unable escape him. She looks right at him through the mirror. ELIZABETH (CONT’D) You're ...not ...real. She opens her pill case - never taking her eyes off of Ti She shakes a pill into her hand.
5) 242) dialog: You're not real. You’re not real. You're not real. We stay TIGHT on her face. She starts to calm down. She slowly opens her eyes. Tim is gone. She looks around to b sure.
5) 245) dialog: Please stop. It’s not true. He loves me. Tim has no mercy. He leans into her. His tone ranging fro outright hateful, to screaming, to sarcasm, to moments of what sounds like a friend consoling a loved one. It’s unpredictable but it’s all focused on making Elizabeth fe horrible.
5) 253) dialog: That’s not true. He loves me and I love him. Elizabeth leaps from the floor, pillow in hand.
5) 259) dialog: Stop it. You’re not real.
5) 263) dialog: Leave me alone! Leave me alone! Elizabeth's face is staring straight ahead - the pillow h tightly to her chest. We hold CLOSE on her. She is overwhelmed with panic - covering her ears, trying to make it all stop. Then - as if someone flipped a switch, we are back in NOR SOUND. The ringing stops and we hear one heartfelt, despe scream echo throughout the apartment.
5) 264) dialog: 
5) 268) dialog: 
5) 269) dialog: (Barely audible.) I’m in here. I’m in here. The closet door opens. Grant immediately gets as close as can beside her inside the closet - embracing her.
5) 271) dialog: I’m ruining your life. I’m ruining your life. I’m ruining your life. She looks straight ahead - gripping the pillow. 26 27 V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 43.
5) 273) dialog: But Tim said...
5) 275) dialog: Help me! Please help me. I can’t take it anymore. Grant is at a lose for words. He simply holds her. The CAMERA slowly pans away from them, into the bathroom. We hold on them in a wide shot as we-
5) 281) dialog: Thank you for seeing me on such short notice.
5) 283) dialog: I'm falling apart. (She let’s out an uncomfortable laugh.) Emotionally, physically, mentally. I don’t know which way to turn anymore. Dr. Bowman opens her file and takes out a pen.
5) 285) dialog: I saw Tim. It’s all she can muster up. The mere mention of his name terrifies her. Dr. Bowman looks in her file, flips a few pages. Makes a note.
5) 288) dialog: Becoming more present. She looks angst. She nods. She holds V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 45.
5) 290) dialog: Not really. My fiance moved in and I’ve been trying to plan our wedding. But, I’m working on getting better first. So it’s all perfect. up at him - her face one of pure desperation and ELIZABETH (CONT’D) I want it to all be perfect.
5) 292) dialog: It hasn’t been easy Dr. Bowman. We're dealing with all of my issues. We’re living in a one room apartment. Grant’s between jobs. We can’t even afford a real ring. up her hand, revealing the tinsel make shift ring. He looks at the ring, then to her.
5) 294) dialog: Bits and pieces. I know it was bad.
5) 296) dialog: Grant was there.
5) 298) dialog: No. V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 46.
5) 300) dialog: No.
5) 302) dialog: No.
5) 304) dialog: No, I mean, other than driving Grant out of his mind, I wouldn't say he’s in any danger. He looks up at her - placing down the file on the coffee.
5) 311) dialog: Do you know how scary it is when you don’t know when life is real? Sometimes I feel like I’m cursed. Like I’m living in a bad dream that I can’t wake up from. My relationship is suffering. He says it’s not. Grant says everything is okay and that we’ll get through this together but I don’t know if I believe him. I want to.
5) 313) dialog: Sometimes I think it would be better if he left me. So he could have a real life and family and not have to deal with me - day in and day out. (Beat. ) I don’t want him to stop loving me because of this. But I don’t want to ruin his life either. Grant's face is filling with emotion. It’s like he can he what they’re saying.
5) 325) dialog: Thank you Dr. Bowman. I understand. She takes a moment, then- ELIZABETH (CONT’D) I do want to get better. And stay better and not feel afraid anymore.
5) 330) dialog: None at all.
5) 334) dialog: It sounds too good to be true. The CAMERA pushes closer and closer to Elizabeth. Her fac for the first time, appears to be filled with hope. 34 35 V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 51.
5) 336) dialog: (She smiles.) Thank you Dr. Bowman. INT. DR. BOWMAN’S LOBBY - DAY 34 Elizabeth walks into the lobby. Grant is waiting on the s He stands when he sees Elizabeth and walks toward her.
5) 337) dialog: I thought you said you couldn't make it?
5) 343) dialog: Yeah. Grant walks into the kitchen. He stands in front of her, placing his hands on the counter on either side of her.
5) 345) dialog: I just want to try and decompress a little - read my magazine.
5) 347) dialog: (Sarcastic. ) Shut up. I didn't steal it. (Beat. ) I borrowed it. Grant smiles. He leans in - kissing her neck several time
5) 349) dialog: I don’t know, maybe? He pulls back, looking at her.
5) 351) dialog: How so?
5) 355) dialog: Where are you going?
5) 357) dialog: Didn't you go on a run earlier? He walks backwards toward the door.
5) 359) dialog: (Under her breath.) Okay. We hear the apartment door close. Elizabeth continues to stand in the kitchen. She turns to the stove, picks up he tea pot and fills it. 37 V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 54. She places the pot on the stove and turns it on. She walk through the kitchen and into the bathroom. The CAMERA follows her like a shadow. INT. ELIZABETH’S BATHROOM - DAY 37 Elizabeth enters her bathroom, turns on the light. The HUM of the LIGHT BULB fills the room. She gets lost f moment, staring at herself in the mirror. Something isn’t right. She looks down at the floor. From her POV - sitting on the floor beside the toilet is RACCOON. She immediately looks back at herself in the bathroom mir A slight smile crosses her face. She is trying to hold ba her tears. She speaks to the Raccoon (and herself) in the mirror. Her tone soft, as if she is telling the raccoon a secret.
5) 360) dialog: I know you’re not real. I do. And I want you to know that this will probably be the last time I pet you. (She looks down at the floor.) You see, the doctor gave me some new pills and I am going to try them real soon and when I do, I won’t see you anymore. Elizabeth kneels down. The CAMERA pans around her. She is making the PETTING motion but it’s clear nothing is there She takes a deep breath and stands - leaning her hands on edge of the sink, her eyes closed tight. ELIZABETH (CONT’D) There’s nothing there. Elizabeth takes another deep breath, turns the faucet on, bends over and splashes water on her face several times. definitely an OCD moment. After about the 5th time she st straight up, looking into the mirror. The water drips from her face - she stares at herself for long moment before looking down at the floor again. She doesn’t see the raccoon anymore. She reaches for a towel dries her face, softly patting it. Her hair is wet from a the splashing. 38 39 V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 55. She holds her hair high above her head, seeing how she wo look with it short. She poses several ways as she looks a herself in the mirror. She is having a childlike good tim with herself - almost forgetting where she is. The TEA POT screams like a siren, snapping her back to reality. Elizabeth leaves - turning off the bathroom ligh INT. - ELIZABETH’S KITCHEN - DAY 38 Elizabeth shuts off the burner and moves the tea pot to a cool burner. She walks over to the cabinet and grabs hers amug. She places it on the counter next to the stove and pours her tea. She opens the refrigerator door - her gaze becomes sharp steady. A calmness appears on her face. INT. ELIZABETH’S LIVING ROOM - DAY 39 Elizabeth sits down at the table. She reaches around her head with her right hand pulling h hair over her right shoulder, twirling it between her fin as she flips through her magazine. Her expression is full of life. Her eyes expressive and responsive to the many different dresses she could wear. fingers glide over the pictures as if she were actually touching the material of the gowns. The CAMERA is tight on Elizabeth’s face. Her eyes are ful daydreams. She is deep in thought.
5) 363) dialog: Grant? Did you forget your key? We hear a familiar voice from the other side of the door.
5) 365) dialog: One, sec... V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 56. Elizabeth hesitates for a moment. Anxiety riddles through body. A visible chill causes her to tremble slightly. Elizabeth looks down at her hands - they are shaking. She clenches them into fists then shakes her hands and arms l to release some of the tension. She takes a deep breath - composing herself. She opens the door. ELIZABETH (CONT’D) Mom, what are you doing here? Standing in the doorway is Elizabeth’s Mother- CAROL, in her 50’s and well put together but there is a h of a “past” she can’t quite shake off no matter how expen her outfit is. Carol immediately strolls in. Elizabeth closes the door behind her.
5) 367) dialog: Yes, well, I’m surprised. Carol is holding a pair of thin, black leather gloves. He demeanor is cold, judgemental, like a women who has been wronged time and time again. Elizabeth's eyes are locked onto her Mother. Her mere presence makes Elizabeth uptight. As Carol enters the apartment, her trench coat seems to g with grace and ease behind her. Carol looks around - her face clearly expressing disappro of everything she sees, including Elizabeth’s appearance. Carol's salon-styled hair bounces with every move she mak She opens her handbag placing her gloves inside before sitting down on Elizabeth’s sofa - all in one smooth movement. She places her bag on the floor to the right of her. Carol leans back and crosses her legs. The entire time Elizabeth stands there, in silence, like child waiting for permission to speak. If there was ever trigger for Elizabeth’s mental breakdowns we are witnessi it first hand. V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 57. On the outside, Carol appears put together, confident and determined. On the inside she is a hot bed of depression, anxiety and sorrow but keeping up appearances is always Carol’s number one concern. She looks at Elizabeth with a cold, tight smile but under it all is an underlying layer love - deep within her. Elizabeth is becoming increasingly nervous, anxious and fidgety. ELIZABETH (CONT’D) So ...can I get you anything?
5) 369) dialog: (Defensive. ) What does that mean?
5) 371) dialog: No.
5) 373) dialog: No, he went for a jog.
5) 375) dialog: I know. I was actually thinking about cutting it. Carol looks at Elizabeth with somewhat of a heartfelt smi She leans forward.
5) 377) dialog: Hi Mommy.
5) 379) dialog: Mom, you know I hate it when you call me Lizzy. Just when we think this will be a tender moment, Carol pu back from Elizabeth - her tone shifting to judgemental.
5) 381) dialog: Slump? I see you’re still in denial Mom. Carol ignores her - glancing at the Christmas tree in the corner of the room. She looks at it with disgust.
5) 384) dialog: No, you're Jewish Mom. Daddy was Catholic and so is Grant and we happen to like Christmas. Carol is furious but calm.
5) 386) dialog: No Mom, I didn't forget. How could I? You always remind me of what a terrific single parent you were. Tell me again how you did the best you could with what you were given? The back and forth arguing becomes vicious. Every word is meant to cut deep. It’s the kind of argument that made yo want to cover your ears and hide when you were a small ch while listening to your parents fight. ELIZABETH (CONT’D) And you think that's what this is? Make believe? (Beat. ) I would tear off my skin if I thought I wouldn't have to play make believe anymore.
5) 390) dialog: No man! I hate to break it to you Mom but your “best” is the only thing that’s make believe here.
5) 392) dialog: Nothing except for the fact that Maybe you forgot to ask some questions.
5) 394) dialog: Yes Mom, someone who asks their child about what’s maybe going on inside their head. A parental figure would have been nice. You know someone who worried about their kid but what the hell would you know about that? You were so wrapped up in own your needs you couldn’t be bothered by my suffering. But then again, how could you when all you did was coat your own issues with pills anda cheap bottle of chardonnay. Elizabeth moves closer to her Mother. We’ve never seen he confident. ELIZABETH (CONT’D) Or is it something stronger these days? By the smell on your breath I’d say Jack and Coke? Carol stares at Elizabeth. ELIZABETH (CONT’D) What? Am I right? Am I? It’s okay, you can tell me. V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 61. Carol’s expression is a combination of hurt and rage. She walks to her purse, removes a GOLD CIGARETTE CASE. She op it, takes out a cigarette, closes the case and taps the cigarette on it. ELIZABETH (CONT’D) Don’t smoke in my apartment. Carol throws the case back into her purse.
5) 399) dialog: (Thoughtful beat.) You can’t keep blaming me. Do you think because I was only six when he left that I don’t remember? Oh I remember Mom. She looks up at Carol. ELIZABETH (CONT’D) I remember your mood swings and screaming fits. I remember you sitting at the kitchen table smashing his watch with a hammer. Carol is surprised that Elizabeth recalls these memories. ELIZABETH (CONT’D) I remember you tearing apart our living room furniture in a fit of rage. Did you forget about all that? You must of. It’s easy to see what you want to see but that’s why he walked out on us.
5) 401) dialog: That’s right Mom. You continue to live in that fairy tale world where your hair doesn't move but maybe one day you’1ll wake up and realize that blaming me was always your answer. That way you’d never have to take responsibility for any of your actions. Carol looks away. Elizabeth notices a look of dismay and Maybe an under layer of sadness. Carol tries her hardest not to let it show. She struggles maintains herself and her dignity. Her voice cracks sligh as she responds to her daughter.
5) 403) dialog: (Calm but filled with emotion. ) Yes ...your actions. Not only with your psychotic behavior toward Daddy but your neglect toward me. You think I enjoyed coming home from school and you not being there because you were on another date? Constant men in and out of the house as you took applications for a new husband? Specifically ones that had a checkbook to balance your unqualified needs as a wife and Mother. (Beat. ) All you had to do was love me after Daddy left. But instead you sat high and mighty on your pedestal looking down at me with disgust for all my problems and mental issues. You think they came out of nowhere or I made them up? The truth Mom... (She looks right at her.) They stem from you. Not only from the dysfunctional childhood you gave me after Daddy walked out, on you ...not me, but from your own issues that you continue to ignore and instead chose to self medicate. But you know what? You’re not going to make me feel bad about myself anymore. I know I’m a mess but at least I'm trying to fix myself. I have an amazing Doctor and I have Grant who is by my side and loves me unconditionally with every break down I have. He holds me when I’m in pain. He comforts me when I’m suffering. He’s all I need. (Beat. ) There comes a time when you have to say enough. We might be Mother and daughter but I don’t need you to take care of me, or be my Mother .»..or even my friend. Carol looks like she has seen a ghost. She is pale and speechless. Her entire tone changes.
5) 405) dialog: Mom, things have always been this way between us. I love you but we both know it. Elizabeth points back and forth with her finger. ELIZABETH (CONT’D) This? What we have ...it’s nothing good. It never was. Carol stands there, unable to move or speak. ELIZABETH (CONT’D) You should go. Your new husband needs you. Your life needs you. I don’t need you. Or your pity. Or your judgment. Or your money. Carol looks at her. She knows she is right. Without anoth word, she walks toward the sofa, picks up her handbag and walks to the door. She stands there for a moment, waiting for Elizabeth to s something. Without looking back Carol opens the door, exi and closes it softly behind her - she is gone. Elizabeth walks over to the sofa and sits down. She place her elbows on her knees, her head down, her face covered her hands. Elizabeth leans back on the sofa, grabs a throw pillow an places it on her lap. She play’s with the zipper on the pillow absentmindedly. She looks straight ahead at nothin particular. She closes her eyes. We hold on her face. Times SPEEDS ups. The SUN goes down, the apartment grows dark. We come back to normal time and speed. Elizabeth op her eyes. Grant walks in. Elizabeth reaches over and turns on the l
5) 406) dialog: Hey. Grant sits on the couch beside her.
5) 408) dialog: No, I'm fine actually. (Beat. ) My Mom was here.
5) 410) dialog: Yep!
5) 412) dialog: She showed up about 20 minutes after you left.
5) 414) dialog: We said what we had to say. Where were you for so long?
5) 416) dialog: It’s over Grant. It’s been over for a long time. I put the last nail in the coffin and said everything I needed to say. So did she. (Beat. ) I feel like I got closure, real closure. Going all the way back to when I was a kid. Is that possible?
5) 418) dialog: It’s better you weren't. I don't know if I would of been able to say everything I wanted to say with you here. She hurt me so many times over the years but never fully understood what she was doing. It was always about her. Now it has to be about me. (She looks at him.) About us. He leans into her - kissing her.
5) 420) dialog: (Playful yet honest.) You smell. He pulls away, smells his armpit.
5) 423) dialog: (Playful. ) Why Mr. O’Neil, what kind of girl do you think I am?
6) 0) text: Elizabeth and Grant walk down the street. She walks with arms crossed, holding herself with her head down. She is fighting against her anxiety and losing.
6) 2) dialog: I am excited. It’s just my anxiety. Elizabeth and Grant stop at the street corner waiting for walk signal to come on. Grant rubs her back with his hand softly caressing her shoulders. The walk signal comes on and they cross the street.
6) 5) dialog: What?
6) 8) dialog: Shake what, my pills?
6) 10) dialog: You're so stupid. I hate you.
7) 0) text: Grant and Elizabeth approach the bridal shop.
7) 1) dialog: This is it. A beautiful coy pond fountain is to the left of the door. From the outside, it looks like a brick cottage - very hi end. Grant takes it in.
7) 3) dialog: I know. I found it in that bridal magazine. Grant musters up a smile even though he knows they can’t afford this.
7) 5) dialog: No, I'll be fine. Besides it’s bad luck for you to see me in a dress. Grant caresses her cheek.
7) 7) dialog: It’s the superstitious side of me. Besides, we don’t need anything else for me to obsess over, now do we? Grant throws his hands up in surrender.
7) 9) dialog: Okay I’m going in.
8) 0) text: 44 Elizabeth enters the shop. The store is small yet warm an welcoming. It’s even more beautiful inside. Elizabeth is tad overwhelmed but excited at the same time. She takes i all in. The shop is elegant with vintage touches, from a beautifu old chandelier, hand painted walls and mahogany cabinets, which bring warmth to the built in closet lined with wedd dresses held perfectly in place by feminine, white padded hangers. Several glass counter tops encase accessories. Elizabeth feels like dream. Her face beaming. She lets of dresses as-
8) 2) dialog: Hi. They shake hands.
8) 4) dialog: Yes, I am. I’m Elizabeth.
8) 6) dialog: Thank you. It’s nice to meet you too. Your boutique is beautiful. (Taking in Jane.) And you’re so pretty. Elizabeth pulls at her clothing - place. suddenly feeling out of 45 V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 71.
8) 9) dialog: No, just me. I sent my fiance away. He'll be back in an hour to pick me up though.
8) 12) dialog: No, thank you. I’m fine. Jane gently places her hand on Elizabeth's back, while extending her other hand - welcoming her into the shop.
9) 1) dialog: Thank you for your help Jane. All of the dresses were so beautiful. (MORE )
9) 3) dialog: I just need a little more time to think about it.
9) 5) dialog: I also need some time to save a little more money too. Jane gives her a warm smile.
9) 8) dialog: Thank you Jane. (Beat. ) Oh, where are my manners. I'd love to introduce you to my fiance. Elizabeth turns to Grant. Grant looks at Elizabeth, tapin his wrist indicating he is in a hurry. Jane looks to where Grant is then back to Elizabeth. Elizabeth seems disappointed. She turns back to Jane. 46 V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 73. ELIZABETH (CONT’D) I’m sorry. I have to go. Thank you again for being so wonderful. Elizabeth references the piece of paper. Jane gives her a warm smile.
10) 0) text: Elizabeth and Grant walk quietly down the street. She is in thought.
10) 3) dialog: I did, a few. He looks at her.
10) 5) dialog: Why were you rude to Jane? He’s caught off guard by the question.
10) 9) dialog: I’m fine.
10) 11) dialog: It was just a headache.
10) 13) dialog: Yeah, maybe.
10) 15) dialog: Chinese? He gives her a warm smile.
10) 17) dialog: Damn.
10) 19) dialog: I almost forgot I had an appointment with Dr. Bowman at 3:30. She immediately becomes manic - rambling to herself ina nervous manner. ELIZABETH (CONT’D) (Manic, mumbling) I don’t want to be late. I don’t want to be late Grant. I don’t want to be late. Grant places his hands on her shoulders to calm her down.
10) 22) dialog: You sound like Dr. Seuss.
10) 25) dialog: No, I got this. I’m okay. 48 49 V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 76. Grant takes her in.
10) 28) dialog: I’m working on it. He leans in - kisses her forehead.
10) 30) dialog: 
10) 36) dialog: Thank you. I feel good Dr. Bowman. The best I can remember in a long time actually. V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 77.
10) 38) dialog: Just one. I saw a raccoon in my bathroom. But it passed quickly.
10) 40) dialog: Comes and goes. I had a pretty bad argument with my Mother the other day. We said a lot of horrible things to each other.
10) 42) dialog: Don’t be. I think it helped me get past some stuff, cleared my mind.
10) 45) dialog: I went shopping for wedding dresses today. I didn’t find one but the shop keeper was lovely and she gave me the number for a wedding chaplain.
10) 48) dialog: No. And things with Grant have been much better. That feeling I was having about him leaving me passed.
10) 50) dialog: No, not yet. I haven’t felt like I needed too. Like you said, I guess the Invega must be working.
10) 52) dialog: (Concerned. ) 10? But I thought you said that was for extreme circumstances.
10) 54) dialog: Nip it in the bud? Yes, I like that idea. Elizabeth takes a deep breath, stands, walks to the door, stopping - she turns to him. ELIZABETH (CONT’D) (Heartfelt. ) Thank you Doctor Bowman. Thank you for everything. 50 V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 79.
10) 56) dialog: What's this for? She glances up. We follow her eyes to Grant. He is sittin across from her.
10) 59) dialog: I forgot. I didn’t get you anything.
10) 61) dialog: We can’t keep making excuses for me because of my mental health. 51 V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 80. Grant doesn’t respond. He simply looks at her, his eyes filled with sadness while her eyes remain fixed on the candle. ELIZABETH (CONT’D) (Sotto. ) I can’t believe I forgot. I’m nothing without you. The CAMERA holds on them - framed perfectly on the floor, candle light from the cupcake flickering between their fa as they sit quietly. INT. ELIZABETH’S BATHROOM - NIGHT 51 Elizabeth is standing in front of the mirror. She looks despondent for a moment. She opens her pills case, downs the contents, turns on th sink faucet, brings her lips to the water and drinks. She stands, tilting her head back, swallowing the pills.
10) 63) dialog: Yeah in sec. She reaches for something. We can see she is holding the Saphris Pill Case. She twirls it in her hand for a moment before sliding one out. She tears the tin silver covered pill from the pack and o it. The pill is white, flat and chalky in appearance. And with that, she places the tab under her tongue. We ho on her face. She makes a contorted face while the pill dissolves. She shakes both her hands in a fast yet steady pace as if that will somehow make the pill go down easier It’s finally dissolved. She rinses her mouth out under th faucet and looks at the White Plastic sleeve the pills ca in. ELIZABETH (CONT’D) Black cherry flavored my ass. She takes a long hard look at herself in the mirror and suddenly, she smiles a soft, content smile. She talks lou enough for Grant to hear her. ELIZABETH (CONT’D) I’m coming, my husband to be! 52 53 V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 81.
10) 65) dialog: Maybe? She looks at herself in the mirror one last time. ELIZABETH (CONT’D) Start living life Elizabeth. And with that, she leaves the bathroom.
10) 70) dialog: Yeah?
10) 72) dialog: Before you I guess I just got use to sleeping alone. (MORE )
10) 74) dialog: (Beat. ) We'll open it tomorrow night. I promise. Grant’s eyes open. He stares longingly at the back of her head.
10) 76) dialog: I love you too. She closes her eyes, falling into a deep sleep. The song continues to play as we-
10) 79) dialog: Grant? Elizabeth waits a moment. She sits up. The song continues play. She reaches for her glass of water on table and takes a s She stands holding the water - walking toward the kitchen The CAMERA remains in the living room. Elizabeth walks ou sight, into the kitchen. 55 V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 83.
10) 80) dialog: Grant? The CAMERA catches her as she crosses from the other side the kitchen - disappearing into the bathroom.
10) 81) dialog: Grant? She exits the bathroom - ending back up in the living roo The song, “AT LAST” has played to its final cord. Something terrible occurs to Elizabeth. She looks down at floor for what seems like an eternity - lost in thought. We begin a slow push in on her. We hear Grant’s voice-
11) 0) text: Elizabeth is on the pay phone where we first met her.
11) 1) dialog: Grant asked me to marry him and I said yes... 56 57 58 59 V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 84. We begin to hear an earlier conversation between Elizabet and Dr. Bowman over the following visuals-
12) 0) text: Elizabeth walks alone in the lot - no Grant in sight.
13) 0) text: We are back to where we first met Elizabeth once again as stands up from the pay phone, slamming it down.
14) 0) text: Elizabeth crosses the CAMERA and starts walking down the hallway we saw The Head Nurse walk down in the opening of film. She turns into a room.
15) 0) text: We PAN around the room revealing the lay out for the firs time. We can’t help but notice an eerie familiarity about -The couch to the left. -A coffee table in front of it. -Windows covered by wooden blinds. -A round two-seater table with two chairs. -In the corner - a Fake Christmas tree with nothing but silver tinsel on it. The same kind of tinsel Elizabeth us to make her ring. -A built in TV cabinet on the other wall. Just like in th opening scene - STATIC is the only thing playing on the T We stay on the TV for a moment, then- Elizabeth walks into room and sits on the couch. She is wearing sweat pants, a baggy sweatshirt and those thick hospital socks from the opening scene - her hair sloppily tied back. The Note book and Bridal Magazine rest on the couch besid her. Elizabeth stares straight ahead. Her eyes glazed ove An odd, distant look planted on her face. We stay in a WIDE SHOT as we begin to hear the following conversation between Dr. Bowman and Elizabeth’s Mother, Carol.
16) 0) text: Elizabeth remains on the couch in a complete daze. A mome later, a NURSE walks in. We can only see her from about t waist down.
16) 6) dialog: Do you know how scary it is when you don’t know when life is real? Sometimes I feel like I’m cursed. (MORE )
16) 8) dialog: Like I’m living in a bad dream that I can’t wake up from. My relationship is suffering from this. He says it’s not. Grant says everything is okay and that we'll get through this together. I don’t know if I believe him. I want to. Elizabeth closes her eyes so tight it looks painful. CLOSE ON GRANT’S FACE: 68 He is looking directly into the camera - into Elizabeth's eyes - as if he were standing right in front of her.