1) 0) text: The HEAD NURSE is standing at a filing cabinet - her fing flip through the files at lightning speed. She is mumbling to herself about: “understaffed, underpai feet hurting, lazy co-workers...", among other things. The office is organized chaos. Files, papers, prescriptio bottles and clip boards take over the surface of several stations. In the background phones are ringing. Patients are yellin for medications - but it’s secondary to the incessant rin of the phones. The Head Nurse pulls a file and walks toward the multi-li phone system that has been ringing off the hook. She picks up each line as if working a telethon. The tone her voice is one of frustration, border-lining on rude - she maintains a professional demeanor.
1) 1) dialog: Statewood Hospital, please hold. (Another call.) Statewood Hospital, please hold. Another PHONE is ringing but this one is coming from somewhere in the lobby.
1) 2) dialog: (Another call.) Statewood Hospital, please hold. MARY, a FEMALE PATIENT comes up to the window. She stands there, staring at the Head Nurse. V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 2.
1) 3) dialog: Statewood, thank you for holding. (Beat. ) Yes. Give me a moment and I’1l page him, hold on. The lobby phone rings. The Head Nurse turns to an INTERCOM MICROPHONE. She press down on the base of it. Her voice echoes over the dated speaker system.
1) 4) dialog: Dr. Sanders you have a call on line two. Dr. Sanders, please pick up line two. She turns to the Patient who has been staring at her thro the circular glass partition window. Without missing a be
1) 5) dialog: (Firm. ) It’s not time for your medication yet Mary. Go back to your room .. now. She unhappily walks away. The lobby phone rings.
1) 6) dialog: Will someone please pick up the phone? Apparently no one is nearby. She picks up one of the call hold.
1) 7) dialog: Thank you for holding. Hi, yes I have the patient file you’ve requested. I’1ll bring it over to you now. She hangs up, takes a deep breath and makes her way out o the office. We follow her out of the door, into the hallw which immediately opens into the lobby.
2) 0) text: A few chairs, a magazine rack, a glass encased bulletin b and several fake plants are all the lobby consists of. V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 3. The cold, tiled flooring and bright lighting make this an unappealing and sterile environment to say the least. SEVERAL PATIENTS mill about. The NURSE from a moment earlier is walking MARY, the fema patient, who was staring through the glass partition, in opposite direction. A JANITOR mops around a Yellow “Wet Floor” sign” sitting the middle of the lobby. We stay on the Head Nurse. She is walking toward 4 PAY PH mounted side by side on the wall of the Ward Lobby. This the source of the ringing. Underneath the phones, a counter top runs the length of t 4 wood chairs with a soft, padded seat are under the coun top in front of each phone. The Head Nurse points her finger at another ORDERLY walking from the opposite hallway. His sleeves are rolled his one arm is sporting a few TATTOOS.
2) 1) dialog: (Stern. ) Roll down your sleeves and get these patients back into their rooms before the evening medication rounds please. The Orderly quickly rolls down his sleeves and begins to round up the patients. Again, the phone rings, then-
2) 2) dialog: (She picks up.) Hello? (Beat. ) Yes, please hold. She places the receiver on top of the phone, turns and wa down the long stretch of hallway. The CAMERA stays with her. A PATIENT crosses in front of her just before she stops s of an OPEN DOOR. The Head Nurse pops her head in the door. From over her shoulder we catch a glance of the TV. STATIC fills the screen. V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 4.
2) 3) dialog: Elizabeth. You have a phone call. The Head Nurse keeps moving down the hallway. We stay wit her to a SECOND DOOR of the same room.
14) 0) text: Elizabeth crosses the CAMERA and starts walking down the hallway we saw The Head Nurse walk down in the opening of film. She turns into a room.
16) 2) dialog: What are you doing? Jane turns V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 90.
16) 5) dialog: You can put anything you want on that TV or just turn it off all together. It won’t make a difference either way. All she ever does is sit there, write in that notebook and flip through that bridal magazine. (Beat. She takes a step toward her.) Listen, I know you’re new here but you can’t give too much to the patients. You won’t survive the job. Now I need you to start prepping the evening medications. Rounds start in 30 minutes. Jane understands. She nods. The Head Nurse leaves. Jane g one more, heartfelt look to Elizabeth, turns the channel leaves the On the TV, room. the song,”SOMEBODY’S GETTING MARRIED” from The Muppets Take Manhattan begins to play. We hold on the TV a few beats before turning to a WIDE SHOT of Elizabeth sitting on The CAMERA the couch. begins a slow PUSH IN toward Elizabeth. We are getting closer and closer to Elizabeth's face as the song continues to play. Her eyes appear to be ever-so-slightly tearing up The CAMERA crescendo. We are now voice from but we can’t tell if it’s happiness or sadness. continues to move toward her. The song builds to a TIGHT on Elizabeth's face. We hear Elizabeth's an earlier conversation with Dr. Bowman-