8) 1) dialog: Hello. Elizabeth turns, revealing- JANE (35), slender, beautiful and slip dress and flats - a cardigan antique wedding she has stepped into a her hand drift across a row classy wearing a little draped over her shoulders. She is charming, soft spoken and attentive. She approache Elizabeth, extending her perfectly, manicured hand.
8) 3) dialog: You must be my two o’clock.
8) 5) dialog: Hi Elizabeth, I’m Jane. So nice to meet you. Welcome to our little shop.
8) 7) dialog: Oh, well aren’t you sweet. Thank you. Elizabeth is instantly at ease. She replies with nothing than a shy smile.
8) 8) dialog: Are you shopping alone today or will anyone be joining you?
8) 10) dialog: Wonderful. That’s plenty of time. And it’s always better when the man shows up at the alter and not in the fitting room. At least that’s my opinion. Elizabeth smiles.
8) 11) dialog: Can I offer you something to drink?
8) 13) dialog: Well, okay then. Lets get started and see if we can find you a dress. Elizabeth looks around is pure joy and wonderment as they stroll out of frame.
9) 0) text: Grant is leaning against the fountain. He notices Elizabe walking out of the shop. Jane is standing in the doorway.
9) 4) dialog: Of course. It was my pleasure. You looked gorgeous in so many of them. But it’s a big decision and no bride-to-be should ever rush into buying a dress. So as soon as you’re ready, you come back and see me. Elizabeth appears slightly embarrassed.
9) 6) dialog: Stay right there. Jane goes back into the store. Elizabeth turns toward Gra gives him a shrug. Jane comes back to the door. She is holding a piece of pa that appears to be torn from a notebook.
9) 7) dialog: Now I don’t want to be presumptuous but if you haven’t decided on who is going to marry you, this is the number to a wedding chaplain. They’re really wonderful and they work with all kinds of budgets. She hands the paper to Elizabeth. Elizabeth is deeply tou by this gesture.
9) 9) dialog: My pleasure. Good luck sweetheart. Elizabeth and Grant walk down the street together.
16) 1) dialog: Hi Elizabeth, how are you feeling today sweetie? Can I get you anything? Maybe a cup of water? No response. The Nurse turns toward the TV and notices th static. For the first time we reveal her face and her nam tag. It’s Jane from the Bridal shop, only it’s actually N Jane. A sad smile crosses Jane's face as she looks at the stati then back to Elizabeth, who is completely checked out. She walks toward the TV. Just as she does, the HEAD NURSE walks in.
16) 3) dialog: Nothing, I was going to put something on the TV for Elizabeth. to Elizabeth.
16) 4) dialog: Would you like to watch anything in particular? The Head Nurse turns to Jane. Soft but firm-