5) 75) dialog: He’s never going to marry you. A VISIBLE CHILL causes Elizabeth’s body to shutter. She r her neck and arms quickly to relieve the sensation. A dee strain fills her face. She grips the bridge of her nose w her thumb and index finger, massaging in tiny circles. The VOICES are dissolving but still present. Elizabeth covers her ears and places her head down - her forehead touching the pad on the table. V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 15. She lets out a faint sigh and whispers to herself.
5) 234) dialog: (Soft whisper.) He’s never going to marry you. 22 V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 37. We've heard this voice before. Elizabeth eyes shift to a tense panic. A chill comes over her. She hears it again. It’s clearer this time. The tone is vindictive.
5) 235) dialog: Elizabeth, did you hear what I said? He’s never going to marry you. Elizabeth looks toward the kitchen. She can see the silhouette of a man standing in the doorway. Elizabeth jumps up.
5) 237) dialog: Get it into your thick head. He’s not going to marry you. Elizabeth jumps - dropping the pill case. She quickly pic it up. She closes her eyes, tries to breath but is on the verge of hyperventilating.
5) 239) dialog: He doesn’t want you. He pities you. He hates you. He thinks you’re disgusting. He wishes you would die. Elizabeth clenches her teeth, her voice strained, gut wrenching but internal - she is intentionally trying not make too much noise. 23 V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 38.
5) 241) dialog: Look at yourself. Do you really think he wants to marry you? You’re a mess. You’re ruining his life. Elizabeth is trembling. She pops the pill into her mouth, swallows it and closes her eyes so hard it looks painful. talks to herself.
5) 244) dialog: He has to watch you like a child. He looks at you with pure repel. You're a charity case.
5) 246) dialog: How could he possibly love you? You're pathetic. You can’t even take care of yourself. What’s keeping him here? Is it your disability check? Or maybe it’s this charming one-room apartment you're crammed into? Elizabeth slides down the fridge. Tim takes a seat beside - never relenting.
5) 247) dialog: Oh wait, I know. Maybe it’s the sex. But it can’t be. When was the last time he was between your legs Elizabeth? When was the last time you made him feel like a man instead of a damned baby-sitter? Elizabeth begins to sob, doing her best to hold it in. Sh crawls away from Tim, toward the living room.
5) 249) dialog: Now isn’t that sweet. What are you going to do? Wake up your knight in shining armor and then what? Will he defend your honor and throw me out? Tim yells with vengeance looking directly in her eyes. 25 V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 40.
5) 250) dialog: 
5) 252) dialog: Did you really buy that crap about him having kids with you? That’s a bloody joke. Why he feels the need to fill your head with such fairy tales is beyond me?
5) 255) dialog: Love? What do you know about love? Nothing. Why you won’t just put yourself and him out of all this misery is beyond me. He composes himself and leans back - sitting in the oppos corner of the closet. His demeanor shifts to calm and consoling.
5) 256) dialog: I’ve been telling you this for years, haven’t I? You didn't listen to me when I told you to kill yourself when you were a teenager. You didn't listen to me when I told you to kill yourself in your twenties. (MORE )
5) 258) dialog: Time and time again I’ve been here, as a friend to tell you to end this life that’s really no life at all but instead of taking my advice now you're mixed up with this poor slob who doesn’t know what’s in store for him. If you truly loved him you'd do him a favor, walk into the kitchen and slice open your throat. But you won’t and do you know why? Because you’re selfish and entitled. She defiantly stares back at him. Her mind racing, overwhelmed with emotion.
5) 260) dialog: I hate to be the one to tell you this Elizabeth but I’m all you have. You can’t trust anyone besides me. I’m the only one who has ever told you the truth. They're all against you. The Doctors, your Mother and even your sweet, precious Grant most of all. I wouldn't be surprised if he was secretly planing to leave you. Tim’s voice begins to fade into the background as we go inside Elizabeth’s mind. She closes down - her eyes begin to glaze over. A piercin RING begins to build.
5) 261) dialog: Do it. Go to the kitchen, pull out the biggest knife you can find and just do it. End this hurt, end Grant’s hurt. Don’t make him suffer anymore because of your selfishness! Do it! At this point Tim’s voice has faded into the RINGING. We hear nothing else as we linger tightly on Elizabeth's face. She is lost, emotionless, her eyes dead. Tim begins to chant. We don’t have to hear him to see the full on hate and anger in his face. V12_THE SHOOTING SCRIPT_7/2/16 42.
5) 262) dialog: Do it! Do it! Do it! Do it! Elizabeth looks lost, trapped. She begins to claws at the wall as if trying to escape. Several hangers and clothes on top of her. Still no sounds - just RINGING but we can clearly make ou what she is saying.
8) 0) text: 44 Elizabeth enters the shop. The store is small yet warm an welcoming. It’s even more beautiful inside. Elizabeth is tad overwhelmed but excited at the same time. She takes i all in. The shop is elegant with vintage touches, from a beautifu old chandelier, hand painted walls and mahogany cabinets, which bring warmth to the built in closet lined with wedd dresses held perfectly in place by feminine, white padded hangers. Several glass counter tops encase accessories. Elizabeth feels like dream. Her face beaming. She lets of dresses as-
15) 0) text: We PAN around the room revealing the lay out for the firs time. We can’t help but notice an eerie familiarity about -The couch to the left. -A coffee table in front of it. -Windows covered by wooden blinds. -A round two-seater table with two chairs. -In the corner - a Fake Christmas tree with nothing but silver tinsel on it. The same kind of tinsel Elizabeth us to make her ring. -A built in TV cabinet on the other wall. Just like in th opening scene - STATIC is the only thing playing on the T We stay on the TV for a moment, then- Elizabeth walks into room and sits on the couch. She is wearing sweat pants, a baggy sweatshirt and those thick hospital socks from the opening scene - her hair sloppily tied back. The Note book and Bridal Magazine rest on the couch besid her. Elizabeth stares straight ahead. Her eyes glazed ove An odd, distant look planted on her face. We stay in a WIDE SHOT as we begin to hear the following conversation between Dr. Bowman and Elizabeth’s Mother, Carol.