89) 0) text: Hector awakes. He looks around him. He is on a huge raft, made of ship's timbers. We have left our previous Hector sitting under his tree 400 years ago. This Hector is awakening into what might be a nightmare. The huge raft is many smaller rafts lashed together. There are over a hundred and fifty people perched on them, lying or squatting in sleep. It is early morning. The sea is calm around them, but the deep ocean swell is still there to remind them of their predicament, menacing like a controlled anger. Hector is fully awake now, sitting against some boxes. He speaks to ANDRE sitting close by.
89) 5) dialog: I would like some water.
89) 11) text: There is a flurry of movement amongst the figures, then a splash, then a cry of a Woman. The noise has awakened others. All over the raft figures are coming awake, sitting up, taking in the new day, and the dreadful reality of their situation. Andre speaks to Hector.
89) 12) dialog: Do you think I'll still see Europe?
92) 0) text: Hector and Andre are walking through the half-built village.  Andre is carrying Hector's possessions, a rolled-up carpet and a bolt of colorful cloth. We feel an echo of the days when Hector was a slave, walking two paces behind with his master's possessions. Hector finds what he is looking for. Francisco is working on a shelter for himself and Ursula, with the help of some slaves. Hector approaches him, making another attempt to heal wounds from his past.
94) 0) text: It is growing dark. Fires are being lit outside     the shelters. Andre is building Hector's tent while     Hecto watches him. The tent is only large enough for     one person, and somehow looks mean compared with the    other
104) 0) text: Andre is there eating the last of his omelette.
104) 2) dialog: Good. Hector cracks one of his eggs into a copper pan. Inside is a brown smudge of dried yoke and some dust. Hector grunts in annoyance and cracks another egg. The yoke is discolored and the smell is rank. Hector looks at Andre, rapidly finishing his omelette before Hector can demand it.
104) 4) dialog: Yes. Hector picks up a third egg and shakes itclose to his ear. It seems as empty as the other two.  He picks up a fourth egg and cracks it open. A small dried-up, half- formed baby turtle RATTLES into the pan. Andre is quietly enjoying Hector's frustration. He stands up to leave.
104) 5) dialog: Good night.
104) 10) dialog: The slaves only got three.    I want to ask you something.
104) 12) dialog: I want my real name back.
104) 14) dialog: I think of my home all the time. I want to hear the name they call me. We should die with our real names.
104) 18) dialog: Ketabomago Pululo.
104) 20) text: Andre looks at him expectantly.
104) 22) text: Andre is satisfied, and leaves.      Hector calls to him.
104) 24) dialog: Ketabomago Pululo...
117) 7) dialog: Your mother might not get well... do you understand that?
117) 13) dialog: Let him be.