48) 7) text: There is an Irish lilt to his voice which colors what he is saying with a tinge of mischief. He is a difficult fellow to pin down. Hector looks at him amusedly, still sharing his thoughts silently with the woman, BEATRICE. The Nun interrupts the Priest cheerfully.
48) 16) text: He looks accusingly at Beatrice.
48) 22) text: Hector gestures to Beatrice that he is leaving the wagon to walk for a while and asks her to join him. She shakes her head with a smile. Hector smiles, too, then jumps down from the wagon and, walking slowly, allows it to gain ground in front of him. The ramblings of the Priest fade away.
50) 0) text: Hector catches up with the moving wagon and jumps onto it, happily back in the security of his fellow travellers. He smiles at Beatrice.
50) 8) text: Beatrice replies, but in a language that Hector doesn't understand.
50) 9) dialog: I don't know what you're saying... I haven't understood anything you've said all day...
50) 13) dialog: I don't know what you're saying.
50) 17) text: Hector doesn't know how to respond. He can do nothing to help her, and anyway, is more interested in Beatrice.
53) 0) text: In the dark, sleeping bodies lie all over the floor of an upstairs room. Gentle snores and regular breathing lay a blanket of soft sound over the human forms. One of the forms stirs and sits up on one elbow. Hector, in another corner of the room, sleeping lightly, becomes aware of this. He watches as the figure stands up and picks its way between the bodies to the door. The figure pauses and crouches over Beatrice. Hector can hear the distinct sounds of the figure sniffing her, from head to toe, and then a deep, long sigh. The figure stands up and moves quietly to the door, disappearing downstairs. Hector rouses himself and follows the other.
56) 8) text: Hector shakes his head, catching Beatrice's eye.
56) 30) text: The Soldiers scatter to   carry out their orders. Hector takes time to watch the   Squire still kneeling beside hi father, quietly stroking   the helmet. Ronald the Priest mutters every prayer he   can remember. The suit of armor twitches and MOANS. Hector looks at Beatrice and motions for her to follow him outside. The Priest looks on helplessly as they slide past the table and head for the door.
57) 0) text: More soldiers have continued to make their way to the shelter of the farm. Everywhere is the chaos of war. Wounded men lie awaiting the attentions of either the medicos or the priest. Prisoners huddle in cowed groups. Everyone looks for food. Individual soldiers, like lost souls, run here and there trying to regroup with their comrades. The youngest are squires of twelve or thir- teen, the oldest are red-faced, overweight knights in expensive armor. Hector and Beatrice have found a quiet corner where they can sit and talk. Behind them is a group of soldiers, reserves who have not yet joined the battle. They are much fresher than the rest and are drilling as a disci- plined unit. Their movements are a strange cross between parade ground drill and battle training. To the BEAT of DRUMS they perform rhythmic, hypnotic movements, repeating the same pattern over and over again. A deadly dance, thrusting their pikes in unison. They become like one evil, inhuman machine. It is mesmerizing to watch, all the more so in relation to the coy seduction scene that Hecto and Beatrice are acting out. They have the problem of not sharing a language, but, resourceful as lovers are, they soon employ this as another titillating element in their love-play.
57) 5) dialog: No, I don't, I don't understand a word.
57) 7) dialog: I think I know what you mean... home.
57) 9) dialog: You're losing me again.
57) 11) text: Hector smiles, pleased with himself.    Beatrice laughs.
57) 13) dialog: Talk about home again... remember                     * you said home?
57) 16) dialog: Tell me something else.                               *
57) 21) dialog: I know what you're saying... you're saying home... say something else.
57) 23) dialog: You want the word for home? It's home... say it... home... home...
57) 25) dialog: Come on, you can do it... home... home...
57) 26) text: Beatrice has her way, turning the tables on Hector.    He says it in her language.
57) 28) text: Beatrice smiles. In this tiny victory the dynamic of their relationship is set.
57) 29) dialog: That's it... clever boy!
57) 30) text: They fall silent, suddenly shy. Beatrice breaks this moment by reaching out to Hector's neck, very delicately, like a caress. Hector smiles. There first touch. Then it changes. Beatrice completes her movement with a sharp grab at Hector's hair, and pinches her fingers on somethi Triumphantly she shows him the flea she has caught.
57) 31) dialog: Tick... it's a tick.
57) 33) text: Beatrice looks at him directly now, their intimacy well under way.
57) 37) dialog: Bet there's more in there. You need a good going over... nobody's been looking after you.
59) 0) text: Hector and Beatrice have found some privacy, near the trees and by a low wall. Some bushes hide them from full view of the farm yard. Hector is sitting cross- legged and Beatrice kneels behind him, giving his head a thorough going over. Mutual grooming is the original, and perhaps the best, form of foreplay. Hector certainly likes it.
59) 1) dialog: That's four.
59) 3) dialog: You can do me now. Beatrice loosens her clothing to bare her neck and shoulders. Hector begins to probe her hair and scalp. She arches her back under the first touch of his fingers. Hector laps it up, inspired to caress ever more tenderly her scalp and neck, still with the outward purpose of looking for fleas.
59) 6) dialog: Hector... yes... I'm Beatrice...
59) 8) dialog: Yes. Hector... I think you'll have to do under my arms... I'm a little itchy there...
59) 13) text: Beatrice is sighing contentedly now.
59) 14) dialog: Maybe we should find the river, and have a proper wash...
59) 16) dialog: I'm still itchy lots of places, Hector.
61) 0) text: The Nun's mule turns out of the farmyard and heads off along the track. A few Soldiers are burying some of their dead nearby. The Nun watches this and doesn't see what the Girl sees on the other side, the mingled bodies of Hector and Beatrice, all pretence at grooming now gone, engaged in fervent lovemaking. It's probably the first and last that the Girl will see. A smile flickers across her face before she turns away forever. Ahead of her there might be many a bleak night in her convent when she will remember the image, and that same smile will return to her lips.
65) 0) text: The Priest wakes up. Outside he can hear the first sounds of the day, the murmuring VOICES of Soldiers in the yard, the CLATTER OF MILK PAILS. In the room it is still semi-dark. The Priest sits up. The others have already left, but Beatrice is there, stretching herself and fixing her hair. Hector is not with her. She smiles at the Priest. Then, in another part of the room, Hector emerges from what looks like a pile of clothing, sits up and smiles too.
66) 0) text: Hector is washing himself by the stream that flows close by the yard. He drinks a handful of water for breakfast. The Priest sees him from the farmyard and comes to join him. Hector is in a cheerful mood, pleased with himself and his success with Beatrice. The Priest is sullen, reproachful.
67) 0) text: Hector and Beatrice have packed their few belongings into a shoulder bag. They turn out of the farmyard and walk down the main track. Hector catches a last glimpse of the Priest being helped onto the back of a horse, behind a Soldier. He is ridden off in the opposite direction with the rest of the troop. Other battles lie ahead to be blessed, and more battered bodies requiring comfort. Hector and   Beatrice are enjoying the first pulse- quickening   flush of their intimacy, and the thrill of knowing it   will go further. They chatter freely, despite not   sharing a language.
67) 2) dialog: We'll have to sleep in the hills tonight. Will you keep me warm?
68) 0) text: Hector and Beatrice have stopped to eat. They shelter in the fold of a hillside, with a wide stream running some way below. Hector feeds Beatrice a piece of cheese from his knife.
68) 4) dialog: Hurry up and finish your wine and then we can make love.
68) 8) dialog: Oh, you like my smell, do you? I make it from the flowers. I put                       * it here, and there, and there.
68) 10) dialog: I don't believe it... someone's watching us, the dirty devil... don't look... he's down by the water, by the rocks...
68) 13) dialog: Cheeky devil.
68) 16) dialog: Don't look at him anymore. Let's go... down the other side of the hill.
68) 22) text: Beatrice doesn't understand.        Hector stands up, sti looking at the figure.
69) 2) dialog: Poor boy. Isn't he fine-looking. Look at his shoes.
69) 3) text: There is a sadness about this young death in such a lonely place. Hector and Beatrice are open to this sad- ness, but in their age sentiment was of a tougher strain.
69) 4) dialog: We'll cover his eyes at least... so the crows don't get him. Look at these shoes, though.
69) 5) text: She is already gathering stones.        Hector sees what Beatrice is doing.
69) 7) text: As he lays him down Hector sees a small, dry wound on the boy's side. Beatrice brings her armful of stones and starts to build a mound around the squire's head.
69) 12) text: Beatrice is still taken by the boy's shoes.
69) 13) dialog: His feet are like mine, you know. I'll give you mine, poor boy, and I'll have yours. I have more walking to do.
69) 15) dialog: It's not stealing if I give him mine, is it?
69) 16) text: Hector watches as Beatrice exchanges her old shoes for the squire's. They fit her well, and she proudly shows them off to Hector. He smiles at her.
70) 0) text: Later, Hector and Beatrice are enjoying each other immensely, making love by the stream. Beatrice hasn't removed her new shoes, she likes them so much. She is dabbing Hector with her perfume which, he has discovered, she keeps in a small bottle kept in a pouch on a chain around her neck.
70) 7) dialog: You're eager today, Hector, aren't you? Is it all this death?
71) 0) text: Hector is watching Beatrice conduct some kind of ceremony over the corpse of the squire. She takes a handful of dried flowers or herbs from a pouch in her bag. Mumbling strangely and quickly to herself, she walks around the corpse three times, scattering the leaves over the body. Hector is fascinated, but a little uneasy. He watches from a safe distance. During the few moments that it takes, Beatrice seems like a different person. Then, all of a sudden, the familiar, friendly Beatrice returns. She completes her ceremony by throwing a few drops of her perfume over the body. She smiles.
71) 1) dialog: That should help him a little.
71) 3) dialog: I wonder if his mama will ever know what happened.
71) 5) dialog: Mama... that's right... mama...
72) 5) dialog: Yes, of course... we stay on this side of the river, all the way down... until tomorrow...
72) 7) dialog: Yes... On this side. Then the other.
72) 8) text: They move off, each thinking that they have reached agreement. Beatrice starts to sing as they make a gentle descent into the forests below.
73) 0) text: Beatrice is milking a stray cow they have found in the forest. Hector is watching her, especially her hands. She manipulates the udders of the cow deftly, sexily. Her hands seem to have sensual personalities all of their own. She is chattering non-stop, explaining the subtleties of milking to Hector. But he can't take his eyes or his mind off her thrilling hands. He responds distractedly.
74) 0) text: Hector lies by their small fire, watching Beatrice, who sleeps by his side. She is dreaming. She mumbles in her sleep, whole sentences. She turns this way and that. Hector watches in fascination.
75) 0) text: Hector and Beatrice are on the move again. They make their way down into the thickening forest. Beatrice walks ahead, light-footed and humming to herself. She seems to be in comfortably familiar territory now. The mist swirls about him as Hector follows on behind, tagging along as if caught in her sexual wake.
76) 0) text: Hector and Beatrice have reached the river, broad and slow-moving. Beatrice has hailed a boatman from the far side. He maneuvers his small boat to them and they clamber aboard. Beatrice and the boatman greet each other familiarly. They gossip amiably as the ferry makes its way across the river. Hector sits quietly with a smile on his face, their chatter incomprehensible to him.
77) 6) dialog: Don't worry... we're nearly there. I'll fix your back for you... give you a good rub.
78) 0) text: They have reached the outskirts of a village. Beatrice turns off the main track and up a narrow path. Hector follows her. Soon she stops at a small house close to an orchard. The house sits in the mess of a run-down farm yard, chickens and goats running here and there. Beatrice opens the door of the house and goes inside. Hector hesitates before following her.
79) 0) text: Beatrice turns to him when they are inside.
79) 1) dialog: Here we are... home... you want some food... and then I'll show you everything. We have a spring ... you can wash...
79) 2) text: Hector stands looking around the small dark room. Beatrice suddenly seems shy and awkward.
79) 3) dialog: This is when I wish you could understand me. You'll have to learn, you know... I want you to stay here. You want to, don't you?
79) 5) dialog: I look after the hens, and I make                       * dyes from the plants, and perfumes too. I'm good at that. But I'm                          * no good with the sheep and the goats. I wish you could understand... Arnaud's been dead two years...                                            *
79) 10) dialog: I still have his clothes.   I'll make them fit you...
79) 13) dialog: I'm getting shy. Imagine me being shy with you... I made this for him... tonight we'll try them on. You're the same height as Arnaud, but a little thinner. I'll make them fit. I'm a good sewer. And we have a big bed upstairs for you and me, in the rafters... You and me... sleep...
79) 14) text: Hector is beginning to understand what she means, but he keeps his feelings to himself. Beatrice talks on. Now that she has started, she wants to say it all.
79) 15) dialog: I like you. You like me too, don't you? We were lucky to meet the way we did. All the men around here are old.                                          *
79) 16) text: Beatrice falls silent, overtaken     by her shyness. Hect understands fully what she means     now, but his mind is a confusion. He can't respond.       She tries to direct thoughts to the one area she is     sure about.
79) 17) dialog: Come up and I'll show you the bed...
80) 4) dialog: A good bed, eh? For you and me. We can have fun up here... better than a ditch...
81) 0) text: Beatrice and Hector   descend back in the room. A BOY of about eight and   a GIRL of ten are coming in from the garden. They have    been working outside. Beatrice goes to embrace each of   them. Hector's face is a confusion once again.
81) 3) dialog: This is Hector.
81) 4) text: Beatrice pronounces his name with care.      She stands proudly by her children.
81) 5) dialog: These are my children...
81) 7) dialog: ... and this is my mother....
81) 15) text: He mimes with his hands. Beatrice understands that he wants some breathing space. She talks to her son.
81) 16) dialog: Take Hector to the well... but come here first.
82) 0) text: Hector stands at the well some way from the house. Beatrice's garden is a madness of wild flowers, harvested by her for scents and powders. She is a remarkable woman, living as she does in the harsh male world of her time. The scented air and the dizzy SOUNDS OF the BEES almost make Hector swoon. He is experiencing the full, heady impact of Beatrice, and it is summed up in a full-blown pollen-filled sneeze. He drinks at   her well. The Boy is beside him, still engrossed in   his new shoes. Hector splashes some water on his face   and looks back at the house. He has some decisions to   make.
84) 0) text: Hector has retreated to the yard. The Girl is boiling some dyes in a cauldron over an open fire. The Boy is working at a basketful of flower heads, pulling petals and separating the hearts, putting them in a large jar of colored liquid. Hector is aware of Beatrice watching him. She is returning to the kitchen, firmly holding a struggling chicken, wings flapping and feathers flying everywhere. This chicken is making the supreme sacrifice in Beatrice's final effort at total seduction, a wonderful meal. Hector is guiltily aware of this as their eyes meet briefly. Hector takes in   what the Boy is doing and joins in the work. The    Boy smiles at Hector's initial clumsines He motions for   Hector to have a sniff of the jar of liquid. Hector    does so.  The smell is heady and pleasa
85) 0) text: Hector sits at the table with Beatrice and her family. There is an air of awkward silence, although the Boy and Girl look openly at Hector, perhaps assessing him as a future father. The meal has been served in a communal pot. In Beatrice's house there is the luxury of small individual plates. The others wait for Hector to begin, but he indicates to the old Mother to help herself first. She does, and she doesn't stop until her plate is heaped high with food. There is definitely some power play going on in the old woman's mind, although her face is all innocence. Hector submits, taking only a modest portion of food. The old Mother's appetite is prodigious. It is comical to watch her little frame consume so much, quietly and methodically. She is an eating machine. During the meal Beatrice and Hector exchange glances. But this time their talking without words is a serious affair
86) 0) text: From the kitchen Beatrice watches Hector in the garden. he is making an effort to appear relaxed, but as he paces here and there Beatrice knows that he is unhappy. She leaves the kitchen to join him.
86) 1) dialog: Take a walk to the village if you want... you look as if you need a walk...
87) 2) text: Hector fumbles awkwardly with his bag and then walks off down the track. He turns to look at Beatrice. She stands outside her house for a long time, watching him until he turns onto the main road and OUT OF SIGHT. The pain and the awkwardness in   Beatrice and Hector are specific, but the scene of   parting is timeless. Is this the ten millionth such   parting, or the billiont It is one of them at any rate,   and a sad one.