5) 0) text: Hector is tiring, too. With the Girl still awkwardly clinging to his neck he is picking his way up a steep slope, half-dragging the Boy up behind him. He stops for a breath and sees the raiders moving into the valley below. In a moment of utter panic he lets go of his son, drops the Girl from his shoulder, and runs on alone. We can sense the moment of release in his unburdened flight. But it doesn't last long. Some way up the slope he stops and turns. He sees his children, only now beginning to work out what has happened, and the raiders below. He can't do it. Even as the Girl calls to him he is running back down the hill, feeling the first stab of a guilt that will never leave him.
5) 1) dialog: Come back, Dada...
8) 9) text: Hector watches the Raider and his children move slowly off, down the hillside, the Raider carrying the Girl in one arm and holding the Boy's hand. They almost look like a family.
48) 5) text: The Girl is sobbing through all of this.
49) 0) text: Hector smiles as the Priest's VOICE FADES into the dis- tance. It is a  cold fresh day of early summer. They are travelling high in the mountains. Hector dawdles on his way, eating a hard biscuit he takes from his pocket. The last sound he hears from the wagon is the renewed WAILING OF the GIRL. Hector lays himself down at the side of the road. His eyes begin to close. Then a SOUND in the distance makes him open them again. He listens. MORE SOUNDS drift up to him from the floor of the valley. He stands up and crosses the track. At first he can see nothing. He walks back along the rim of the road. Then he sees where the noise is coming from. A mounted skirmish is in progress, just where a wooden bridge crosses the small river, at the very bottom of the valley There are no more than 30 knights in full armor, with twice as many foot soldiers and squires. Even from such a distance Hector can see and hear that the fighting is ferocious, almost insane in its intensity. From this distance it is like a puppet show, except the violence is real. The scene places Hector in his time and for us there is a strange feeling to it, almost as if Hector has awoken from sleep and found himself transported to some distant age. But this is not the case. Hector is where he belongs, in Medieval Europe. Hector makes his decision. With a last look behind him he runs off in the direction of the wagon. Like any wise citizen of a violent age, Hector knows when to leg it.
50) 15) text: Beside Hector the Girl has stopped sobbing but she is still troubled. She turns to him and speaks quietly but with determination.
50) 16) dialog: I want to go home to my mother.
56) 2) text: He turns to the forlorn Girl.
56) 11) text: The Nun puts an arm around the Girl.
60) 0) text: The Priest is with some seriously wounded soldiers, laid out in a corner of the farmyard. Whether he is a bogus priest or not, Ronald is taking his duties seriously. There is a little of the rogue about him now. He sees the Nun and the little Girl preparing to leave. They have acquired a mule. They mount up, the Girl behind the Nun, and plod off through the farmyard. They stop briefly beside the Priest to say their farewells.
61) 0) text: The Nun's mule turns out of the farmyard and heads off along the track. A few Soldiers are burying some of their dead nearby. The Nun watches this and doesn't see what the Girl sees on the other side, the mingled bodies of Hector and Beatrice, all pretence at grooming now gone, engaged in fervent lovemaking. It's probably the first and last that the Girl will see. A smile flickers across her face before she turns away forever. Ahead of her there might be many a bleak night in her convent when she will remember the image, and that same smile will return to her lips.
81) 0) text: Beatrice and Hector   descend back in the room. A BOY of about eight and   a GIRL of ten are coming in from the garden. They have    been working outside. Beatrice goes to embrace each of   them. Hector's face is a confusion once again.
81) 1) dialog: You were gone a long time.   Who's this?
81) 2) text: The Girl eyes Hector up and down.
84) 0) text: Hector has retreated to the yard. The Girl is boiling some dyes in a cauldron over an open fire. The Boy is working at a basketful of flower heads, pulling petals and separating the hearts, putting them in a large jar of colored liquid. Hector is aware of Beatrice watching him. She is returning to the kitchen, firmly holding a struggling chicken, wings flapping and feathers flying everywhere. This chicken is making the supreme sacrifice in Beatrice's final effort at total seduction, a wonderful meal. Hector is guiltily aware of this as their eyes meet briefly. Hector takes in   what the Boy is doing and joins in the work. The    Boy smiles at Hector's initial clumsines He motions for   Hector to have a sniff of the jar of liquid. Hector    does so.  The smell is heady and pleasa
84) 9) text: The Girl says something to him, and points to a bucket of liquid at her feet. Hector makes out something like the word "peepee."
84) 11) text: The Girl nods enthusiastically.      The Boy is sniggerin
85) 0) text: Hector sits at the table with Beatrice and her family. There is an air of awkward silence, although the Boy and Girl look openly at Hector, perhaps assessing him as a future father. The meal has been served in a communal pot. In Beatrice's house there is the luxury of small individual plates. The others wait for Hector to begin, but he indicates to the old Mother to help herself first. She does, and she doesn't stop until her plate is heaped high with food. There is definitely some power play going on in the old woman's mind, although her face is all innocence. Hector submits, taking only a modest portion of food. The old Mother's appetite is prodigious. It is comical to watch her little frame consume so much, quietly and methodically. She is an eating machine. During the meal Beatrice and Hector exchange glances. But this time their talking without words is a serious affair
108) 0) text: Hector is enjoying the   freshness of the day. We see him climb over a dune   and then as he nears the summit duck and retreat down   the slope again. Cautiously he crawls up the dune and   looks over to the other side. He is watching a young Girl and the boy Nuno. They are twelve or thirteen years old. They are coyly in the early stages of making love, the Boy lying close to the Girl, kissing her, beginning to caress her. Their love-making is poised oddly between child's play and eroticism. It's their day of discovery and it is like a dream of love. The Boy is just about to   discover some more and is fumbling with the Girl's   clothing, when he looks up and catches sight of Hector.    Hector ducks down but knows h has been seen and decides   to brazen it out. He stands up in full view of them.
108) 2) text: The Boy is standing now and fixing his clothing. He walks off back to the camp. The Girl remains sitting in the sand, buttoning her dress, too embarrassed even to raise her head to Hector. Then Hector is touched by something, perhaps the sad stoo in the Boy's shoulder or the Girl's lowered head. Hector realizes he has broken something precious and in their circumstances infinitely fragile and irretrievable. He feels like an oaf. He calls after the Boy.
110) 0) text: The remains of the cow hang on the spit over the large fire the survivors have made on the beach. Small groups of people sit around it, gnawing on the roasted flesh. The image is once again timeless, the elements of it simple; man, fire, flesh, food. One cow doesn't go far between a hundred starving people. Some are still on their feet by the large fire. Now and then a hand will dart out over the flames to snatch a bone hanging loose or a tasty-looking piece of gristle. They are the survivors of the pack, if any will be. Hector is, of course, among them. He    risks the searing heat to pull at a couple of blackened   bones. He sees Nuno, the boy he chased away from the   Girl earlier in the day. Nuno is sitting by himself,    staring vacantly at the fire, licking his fingers. Hector sits down in the sand beside him. Nuno hardly notices him until Hector offers him one of his bones. Nuno grabs it.
147) 22) text: Then Hector's girl friend ANNA arrives in her car. It is a bright pink station wagon, highly decorated with flower motifs and slogans like "ANNA'S ARRANGEMENTS," and "FRESH OR DRY, WE'LL PLEASE THE EYE." Anna is a florist. Hector brightens when he sees her. Everything is falling into place. All he has to do now is cross two rivers and Manhatan Island in under an hour, in Anna's pink car. He runs to meet her.
152) 13) text: A trace of girlish common sense has crept into her voice. Hector warms to her.
157) 5) text: She changes in an instant from a bossy adolescent to a tearful, crumpled little girl. She sobs pitifully.