0) 2) dialog: Go back home... leave me alone... We see that the figure is a young BOY, Hector's son. Boy thinks about it for a moment, before turning and disappearing behind the rocks.
0) 7) dialog: No... stay here... stay!
0) 8) text: Hector takes a few steps.    The Boy follows.
0) 9) dialog: No... go back... go away...
0) 10) text: Hector walks on again, taking big, angry father strides. The Boy stubbornly tags along at a safe distance. Hector walks on for some time before turning on him.
0) 11) dialog: Leave me alone! Stay here... Stay!
0) 12) text: There is real anger in his voice. The Boy wisely retreats to the cave. As Hector turns to continue his walk alone he see Deirdre looking at him accusingly from the entrance. She holds out her arms ready to comfort the Boy rejected by his father. Hector is in the classic, timeless, no-win situation and he knows it. With a sigh of frustration he heads for the beach.
1) 0) text: Hector is foraging on the shoreline, gathering cockles, seaweeds, mussels, crabs, anything edible. He splashes in the shallows, hoarding the food in a roughly-woven bag. Every now and then he will suck a cockle from its shell or crunch on a particularly tasty piece of seaweed. Hector looks about 30 years old. This is advanced middle age for his times and it shows. He has a heavy cold and an irritating hack in his throat. In a similar condition a modern individual would spend two or three pleasantly drugged days in bed, perhaps attempting a little light paperwork propped up on some pillows. The sun is warming the day. Hector sits on a rock, sur- veying his world. He seems very much a part of it. He watches some wading seabirds nearby. Like him they are nosing around the margins of low tide for food. He smiles. In another season they or their eggs will pro- vide a meal or two. There is a strange atmosphere of appropriateness in the scene, Hector seems such an inte- gral part of it. The easy fit of the man in his land- scape strikes us. Hector belongs to it in ways that a present-day hunter or holiday maker, or even naturalist, never could. Also, there is an odd sense of the world being rather empty. Whether the larger world is round or flat,   spinning or orbiting, Hector neither knows nor cares.    He knows simple things. Cold and hunger. He knows     warmth, roug comfort and companionship. His family and    the safety o their cave. Further along the shore Hector drops his bag and straigh- tens himself, easing the ache in his back. Then some- thing disturbs him. From behind a distant headland a smudge of smoke trails into the sky. Hector picks up his bag and runs. He knows where he is going. He reaches a vantage point on some rocks. He steadies himself and gazes hard out to sea. We can feel the strain in his eyes as he tries to detect any hint of threat in the glinting water. Then his jaw drops in fear. Around the edge of the headland two dark shapes proceed in regular motion. Their steady progress is full of menace. Oar- driven boats, slowly, insistently making their way into Hector's bay. He jumps from the rocks and runs up the beach toward the cave. One thing else that Hector knows is fear, blind, gut-turning fear.
2) 0) text: Hector is a small figure in the landscape now, racing up the steep slope in the direction of his home.
3) 0) text: Inside, his family are in a state of panic. They seem to have prepared for this moment. Through their agitation there is purpose. They gather bits and pieces to carry with them in their flight. Hector's children are attemp- ting to take too much. Hector shouts instructions to them as he puts more wood on the fire. It must stay burning in their absence. Hector gathers his family together and they leave the cave.
4) 0) text: Hector shoves his children in one direction up the slope further into the hills. His woman runs off the other way. A hasty, confused argument takes place.
4) 1) dialog: Up the hill!
4) 3) dialog: Up the hill! They're down there already. I saw them!
5) 0) text: Hector is tiring, too. With the Girl still awkwardly clinging to his neck he is picking his way up a steep slope, half-dragging the Boy up behind him. He stops for a breath and sees the raiders moving into the valley below. In a moment of utter panic he lets go of his son, drops the Girl from his shoulder, and runs on alone. We can sense the moment of release in his unburdened flight. But it doesn't last long. Some way up the slope he stops and turns. He sees his children, only now beginning to work out what has happened, and the raiders below. He can't do it. Even as the Girl calls to him he is running back down the hill, feeling the first stab of a guilt that will never leave him.
6) 5) dialog: Don't move from here. I'll come for you in the morning. There's no food. Try and sleep in the branches. Don't cry. Don't make a noise.
6) 6) text: Hector moves off, looking back to his children in the tree.  They too gaze anxiously at him. They don't wave. Maybe waving hasn't been invented yet. Hector heads off alone, higher into the hills.
7) 0) text: It is dusk now. We find Hector waking from a fitful sleep behind some rocks. He sits up and takes in his surroundings. His face hardens as awareness of his pre- dicament returns. He stands up and then crouching low, moves off down the hill.
8) 0) text: Hector has returned to the area of the tree. He slows down some distance away and just in time. He sees a figure standing beneath the tree. He moves forward to the protection of some rocks, and watches. He is close enough to hear the voice of the solitary Raider, although he doesn't understand the words. The Raider looks up into the branches and talks in a friendly, persuasive way.
8) 4) text: His friendly tone of voice has an effect. There is movement in the branches. Hector can see the dark shapes of his two children clambering down. The Raider stretches out his arms and helps the Boy to the ground.
8) 9) text: Hector watches the Raider and his children move slowly off, down the hillside, the Raider carrying the Girl in one arm and holding the Boy's hand. They almost look like a family.
9) 0) text: It is fully dark now. On the beach the Raiders have set up a comfortable camp with a large fire. We are still with Hector. He has come down from his bleak hiding place in the hills. The smell of fire and food and con- cern for his family, have drawn him here. He is hiding somewhere way off from the camp, but close enough to observe it. What he sees disturbs him, but for odd reasons. His family appear to be happily integrated with the Raiders. His two children have become fast friends with the man who coaxed them from the tree. His woman is with a larger group closer to the fire. They are playfully attempting to communicate with her, and although still a little timid, she is smiling. There is no hint of bar- barity, rape or abuse. That was not the intention of the Raiders. To them, a fertile woman and two healthy children are as gold will be to plunderers of later ages. For their part, the family have to accept the situation. Food and shelter are the best that life can offer. Painfully, Hector takes in the reality of the scene. His family have been stolen from him, plain and simple. In the morning they will be gone, out to sea and round the headland forever. He watches them for a while longer, then it becomes too painful. He retreats into the dark- ness and up into the empty hills again.
10) 0) text: Hector spends a long, cold night alone, squatting in a narrow crevice in the rocks. He doesn't sleep, or even attempt to close his eyes. He stares into the darkness. There is nothing in the world to comfort him, no phi- losophy or religion, no friend to run to. This night he is utterly alone.
11) 0) text: In the morning it is lightly raining. Hector stands in the drizzle outside the shelter. It seems to revive him, refresh him, even comfort him. A sign, however meager, that life goes on. Then Hector trots off in the direc- tion of the shore. There is not much else that he can do.
12) 0) text: The Raiders are loading up their boats, wading back and forth from the shoreline. Hector watches from cover. His family are already on one of the boats, awaiting whatever lies ahead, too afraid to betray real emotion. The last of the Raiders on shore wade out the short dis- tance to the boats. Hector watches these moments of departure, watches the faces of his family. Hector makes his move. In a mad act he breaks cover and runs down toward the departing boats. The last Raiders are climbing aboard. Hector charges at full speed to the water's edge. He screams agonizingly at the Raiders and impotently starts throwing stones at them. The Raiders all look at him. The LEADER is impudently brushing Hector's missiles aside, like so many flies and smiling. Suddenly Hector's rage and energy leave him. He stands looking at the Raiders and they look at him, for a long moment. The Raiders are all young men, hardly into their twenties, and nowadays might resemble something like a motorcycle gang. But in Hector's time they are men in the full prime of life. They begin to laugh and exchange remarks about Hector. He returns their looks fiercely. His woman and children sit on the boat, frozen in fear. The Leader eventually turns from Hector, still smiling and gives an order. The men lift their oars and prepare to leave. Then an older man stands up in the other boat. He calls over to the Leader, nodding in the direction of Hector. Hector doesn't know what they are saying, but they have an intense exchange, obviously centered on him. The older man seems to be an adviser, a priest or wise man, although he's still only about thirty years old. The Leader listens to him intently. The PRIEST talks and points to the cliffs. The Leader looks there and nods his head. He gives some instructions to his men. Hector stands, bemused. Six or so of the Raiders leave the boats, wade ashore and without any resistance from him, take hold of Hector. Hector's children instictively rise as if to defend their father, but Deirdre, despite her own feelings, wisely holds them back.
13) 0) text: Hector's hands have been bound with rope. He is being led up to the top of the cliffs. The Priest and the Leader walk on ahead, still talking intensely. At the top of the cliff the bay and the boats and the wide sea are stretched out beneath them. The Priest, as they arrive, becomes excited. He points to a pile of large stones at the very summit of the headland. The mound of stones is obviously man-made.
13) 13) text: The Leader strides off back toward the beach. The others follow him, giving a final look or smile to Hector, apart from the Priest, who looks him up and down, regretting that he is not by now a corpse in the ocean. Hector watches them go, too shocked still to react in any mean- ingful way. He stands alone, trying to unpick the rope that binds his hands. When they are some distance from him, Hector starts to follow them, at first running to catch up and then simply trotting after them. The Raiders are aware of him behind them. The Leader eventually stops and calls to Hector.
13) 15) text: He turns from Hector   and moves on. Hector persists in following them. They    are his only connection now with anything that thinks   or feels in the world. His link with them is all that   is left. Again and again the Leader stops to shoo   Hector away, but Hector dumbly tag along behind.
14) 0) text: The Raiders wade out to the waiting boats. Hector follows to the very water's edge, then stands and bleakly watches them. The Raiders prepare to move off. Hector is an embarrassment to them now. At the last moment the Leader gives a brusque order to one of his men. The man clambers out of the boat and wades ashore again, carrying a large flint-bladed knife. He comes out of the water and walks up to Hector. Hector is beyond any form of reaction. He will take whatever is offered to him. The man comes close, the knife held ready. He stands in front of Hector for a moment. On the boat, Hector's family are tense with fear for his life.
15) 0) text: Hector has returned to his cave home, now cold and empty of life. He is working on his instincts now, still emotionally in shock. He digs around in the embers of the fire. Some of the larger bits of wood still hold some life. Hector bends low and starts to waft expertly and blow at the fire's remains. We leave our first Hector squatting at his fire, in the simplest act of physical survival. For him the problems of emotional survival without his family lie ahead.
17) 0) text: Above the heat and filth there is a different world. A clean, beautifully tiled world of lazing figures, droning conversations and resonant laughter. It is the hot room of a bathhouse somewhere in the Roman Empire. We have advanced 4000 years into the future and it shows in the technology. It is men's day at the bathhouse. All of the people relaxing in the water look prosperous and comfortable with themselves. Slaves wait in attendance, some around the edge of the pool, others in the water rubbing backs and massaging shoulders. There are three or four times as many slaves as bathers, and the proprie- torial way that they look after their masters gives the place the odd atmosphere of a kindergarten for over- indulged grown-ups. And then we find our Hector. He stands against the wall, holding a large towel. Although clean-shaven and more healthy-looking we can still recognize Hector, more so by the look in his eyes. There is a set to his face that tells us he is a man alone, emotionally detached from his surroundings. He is a personal body slave. He watches his master in the pool, alert to any hint of need that he might have. Hector's master LUCINNIUS is not as relaxed as the others around him. He is in anxious conversation with an older man wading beside him. We don't hear what they are saying but there is enough body language to detect Lucinnius' pleading and the older man's cool distraction. The older man gives a final dismissive shake of his head. Hector immediately moves to the side of the pool with the towel Lucinnius climbs out of the water.
20) 0) text: This is not the grandeur of Rome, but the dusty main street of a provincial capital in Greece or Spain or North Africa. It is difficult to tell from the people because they are such a cosmopolitan crowd, faces from every corner of the Mediterranean world. It has some- thing of the atmosphere of a frontier town in a western, except that here the half-finished buildings are made of brick and stone. Lucinnius leaves the bathhouse. Hector follows three paces behind him, loaded down with the large towel, the scrubber, robe, and the wooden stool. The stool goes with them everywhere, in case Lucinnius has to stop in the street and converse with a friend. Other notables are among the street throng, their own slaves tagging along behind with their little wooden stools. Some have whole trains of slaves shadowing them. Human status symbols. Lucinnius stops near some street stalls. Hector stops beside him.
20) 5) dialog: Yes.
20) 6) text: Hector places the stool at Lucinnius's feet and moves off Lucinnius sits down, still absorbed in his problems. Hector keeps an eye on Lucinnius as he orders the food.
20) 7) dialog: Two mice... and some bread...
20) 9) dialog: Two chicken legs, then, cold, and the bread.
20) 10) text: As Hector is given the food and pays for it, he sees another man, JULIAN, approach Lucinnius, trailed by TWO SLAVES. One of them is carrying a folding chair much more substantial than Lucinnius's. Julian and Lucinnius greet one another and sit down to talk, Lucinnius at something of a height disadvantage. The Two Slaves move off to one side. Lucinnius's mood has brightened since the arrival of his friend. Their conversation seems open and friendly. Hector gives his master his food, and then moves to join the Two Slaves, hearing a snatch of the conversation as he goes.
20) 12) text: Hector offers to share his bread with the other Two Slaves. They easily fall into conversation, inevitably, about their masters.
20) 18) dialog: When did you hear?
20) 20) dialog: This is the worst it's been.                           *
20) 22) text: This makes them laugh, Hector less so than the other two.
20) 23) dialog: He's finished... you reckon?
20) 26) dialog: Well... if he'd pulled it off he'd be in Rome by now...
20) 28) text: Hector nods his head thoughtfully.
20) 29) dialog: And me with him... half way home...
20) 30) text: Lucinnius and his friend stand and exchange their final words, unaware of the scrutiny they have been under, or so used to it that they are oblivious to it. Hector and the Slaves hurry to gather up the seats and take thei positions behind their masters. The casualness of their conversation has gone, and they resume the formality of their roles.
21) 0) text: Lucinnius is eager to talk, and tosses his words over his shoulder to Hector.
21) 5) text: Hector obligingly trots a step or two closer to Lucinnius to aid their conversation.
21) 6) dialog: Will he lend you the money?
21) 8) dialog: That's a problem.
21) 11) dialog: Have they?
21) 13) text: We can see the concentration on Hector's face as he concocts appropriate responses. He has a tough occupation, being the alter ego to an ambitious loser in one of the most competitive and dangerous societies ever to exist. And he has to carry the stool and the towel as well.
21) 15) dialog: Yes.
22) 0) text: At home, we find Lucinnius and Hector with the diviner HERMAS. They are gathered around a shrine in the large public room. The entrails of a chicken lie on a slab of marble. Hermas prods them with a knife. He makes much of the mysteries of his craft, as if it were a skill beyond ordinary men.
22) 17) text: Hector looks a Lucinnius, who nods reluctantly. Hector opens his purse and counts out the coins for Hermas.
23) 0) text: Hector is giving Lucinnius a soothing shoulder massage. Lucinnius is still in a talking mood.   His troubles won't allow him to relax.
23) 2) dialog: It sounds good. Lucinnius misses the irony in Hector's voice and enthuses about his own future generosity.
23) 5) dialog: You must.
23) 11) text: Hector does as he is told. He takes the torch from Thalia and discreetly leaves the room, hearing Lucinnius as he closes the door.
24) 0) text: Late at night, Hector is still awake. He rises from his bed and quietly moves out of the room. He is careful not to disturb the sleeping forms lying all around him, some of them sprawled on the floor. He shares his bed- room with at least eight other slaves. Privacy is a master's privilege.
25) 0) text: In the darkened house, Hector makes his way up some stairs and along a passage. The only sound is a crack or two of far-away THUNDER. At the end of the passage, Hector finds a small ladder propped against the wall. He climbs this, and lifts open the trap door above his head.
26) 0) text: Odd flashes of lightning far out to sea are the only source of light as Hector moves across the flat roof. In one corner he sees what he is looking for, the outline of a figure resting against the low parapet wall. He moves towards it. The figure speaks.
26) 3) dialog: He kept me working until morning.
26) 8) dialog: He has no money and a lot of enemies. If he's very clever he'll survive... but the omens are bad... and he's not very clever.
26) 10) dialog: Nobody does. He's unfortunate. You get people like that. Clumsy and sad.
26) 13) text: Hector puts an arm around Thalia. At first it feels strange, their physical intimacy alongside their matter- of-fact conversation, but gradually we understand it, the giving and taking of comfort where it can be found, and the realness of their friendship. Their stroking and touching and holding becomes good to watch. We get a feeling for what they have given one another, in stolen hours and half hours, up here on the roof, the only place where they can be themselves.
26) 14) dialog: It's the Gods arguing. They're working out what to do with Lucinnius... he'll be lying awake down there... wondering what they're saying about him.
26) 16) dialog: If he goes down I'll ask for my freedom... he owes it to me... he said as much... you too... we could be free...
26) 18) dialog: What we talk about.
26) 24) dialog: I just made that up... I don't know which way they are... anyway ... you can't think like that. Not after so many years...
26) 26) dialog: We talk about it because it can never happen. What we do is you and me...
26) 28) dialog: Never. It's you and me now. That's all.
26) 30) text: Hector is silent, still kissing her.      He yawns as he speaks.
26) 31) dialog: Then I can see you every night. I'm tired.
27) 0) text: Hector is back in his bed. A figure enters the room, steps over the sleeping bodies on the floor and shakes him awake. Hector comes to. Lucinnius stands over him, whispering.
27) 2) text: Hector wearily takes himself out of bed and follows Lucinnius out of the room.
28) 0) text: Hector is in the henhouse, in the dark, selecting a chicken for sacrifice. He is about to leave when he sees a MAN and WOMAN, arms around each other, sitting in a corner. The Man looks at the white hen Hector is holding.
28) 2) dialog: Sorry to trouble you... just fetching a chicken... good night ... the roof's free... The Man shakes his head with a smile. Hector leaves, the sleepy chicken going to meet her fate in his arms.
28) 3) dialog: Come on, miss, you can tell Lucinnius his future.
29) 0) text: Hector and Lucinnius are approaching the home of Cyprian. Hector as usual is walking some paces behind his master, and he carries a large satchel of documents. Cyprian's home is a street palace. It is early in the morning, but there is already activity around the house, visitors coming and going, messengers, petitioners. A few impor- tant callers arrive in litters, carried by slaves. Lucinnius and Hector even have to join a line at the door and are checked in by the gateman. Lucinnius's hopes of quietly bending Cyprian's ear are dashed. It seems as if the whole world owes allegiance to this provincial Mr. Big.
30) 0) text: The slaves gather on one side of the courtyard, gossiping and playing games of chance on the ground. Their masters wait on the other side of the courtyard, seated on benches along the wall. Cyprian's aides usher the visitors into his presence in a regular flow, some have an audience of a few minutes, others last merely seconds. Hector keeps an eye on Lucinnius, like a mother watching her child from a distance on its first day at school.
30) 4) dialog: You look happier.
30) 6) text: Lucinnius strides out of the courtyard with Hector following after him.
31) 0) text: Lucinnius and Hector are walking home in their usual formation. Hector is closer than normal, so that they can talk.
31) 1) dialog: Will he help you?
31) 3) text: Hector is shocked.
31) 4) dialog: What if you don't...
31) 11) dialog: I don't know what to say.
32) 0) text: Hector and Lucinnius are in his study. Lucinnius is busy clearing up his papers. He is less hysterical than in the previous scene, more aware of the reality of what he has to do.
32) 2) dialog: I don't understand. What do you want me to do... I don't think I can help you...
32) 7) dialog: I don't know what you mean.   What mess?                                                *
32) 9) dialog: You say we... I don't know... what is we? I've done nothing... I                        * know nothing...
32) 13) dialog: What kind of story?
32) 15) text: Hector is stunned with shock...
32) 16) dialog: So I'm a conspirator?
32) 18) text: Hector manages to speak.
32) 22) dialog: Can I sit down?
32) 24) dialog: This is the worst it's been.
33) 0) text: Hector is in   the inner courtyard of the house, beside t kitchen. He    is talking to GALLUS, who is Lucinnius's ten-year-old   son. Hector has a close friendship with him. As we    listen to their conversation it becomes cle that Hector   finds comfort in the boy, for the family th he lost. Today there is an air of distraction about Hector. Understandable, considering his scheduled death. The kitchen slaves come and go as they talk.
33) 1) dialog: But even if it's round you can still fall off the edge.
33) 2) text: Hector has picked up a large metal plate to help him make his point.
33) 5) dialog: Do you believe everything that Greek tells you...?
33) 8) text: Hector becomes more interested.
33) 12) dialog: So, where is my home?
33) 14) dialog: Seven.
33) 19) dialog: I wasn't upside down... and how                   * could you see the sun round there ... I saw the sun at home... every day...
33) 22) text: Hector remembers that he and the boy's father are supposed to die that night. He looks on Gallus with a new tenderness.
33) 23) dialog: Yes, tell me tomorrow... I'd like to know... because my children are round there and I want to know that they're getting the sun... ask him something else, too... where are the gods if the whole thing is round?
34) 6) dialog: It's saying yes... there's a way...
34) 8) dialog: But you asked it if we had to die, or if there was another way... it's saying yes, there is...
34) 11) dialog: Maybe it's just hungry...
35) 0) text: A dead chicken adorns Lucinnius's table. He and his wife, DALMIA, and their son are lying on their couches picking at the food with their fingers. Lucinnius is drinking more wine than usual. Hector and the other household slaves are in attendance. Thalia is also there, serving her mistress. Dalmia knows something is up, but she doesn't know what. She attempts to break the silence. She calls on the cook from the kitchen.
35) 8) text: He looks again at Lucinnius and Hector. They look at each other. Thalia looks at Hector. Dalmia looks at them all looking at each other, more intrigued than she was before. A SLAVE interrupts them.
35) 10) text: Lucinnius and Hector look at each other and share a moment of hope. They might be coming with good news, perhaps a softening of Cyprian's heart.
36) 0) text: The two VISITORS that await Lucinnius and Hector are an unpromising sight. They are big men, unsophisticated and look uncomfortable in their well-cut togas. A couple of the godfather's foot soldiers. They greet Lucinnius deferentially, but he knows that they would break his back at the whim of their master.
36) 12) text: Hector is closing the door when one of the Visitors talks roughly to him.
36) 14) text: Hector instinctively looks to his master. Lucinnius doesn't protest, but retreats into the house. Hector is left alone with the Visitors.
36) 16) dialog: Only chickens.
36) 18) text: He prods at Hector's body freely, showing him what to do. If it is ticklish, Hector doesn't let on.
36) 20) text: We leave Hector nodding obediently as this weirdest of coaching lessons continues.
37) 0) text: Late at night in Lucinnius's study, an oil     lamp and a candle cast their shadowy light, adding to     the tensio the room. Hector stands beside Lucinnius,      who is counting out coins and other valuables on     his table.
37) 3) dialog: No... but I want something...
37) 5) dialog: I want to die a free man... I don't want to die a slave... Lucinnius looks at him grimly and manages a smile. He clears his throat and attempts to put a note of ceremony into his voice.
37) 8) dialog: In writing... so that when they find me... they know I died a free man... please... Lucinnius looks at him for a moment, then reaches out for his paper and pen.
37) 14) dialog: Thank you.
37) 18) dialog: What do you want me to do?
37) 20) dialog: I understand.
37) 22) text: Lucinnius stands and leaves the room.     Hector follows with the oil lamp.
38) 0) text: The house is quiet and in darkness as they walk along the passage and down the stairs to the washing room. Hector walks behind, casting the light on Lucinnius's crumpled, defeated form. Lucinnius begins to sob, at first quietly, then more loudly and more pathetically. Hector looks around and behind him, afraid, or perhaps hoping, that Lucinnius's moans will wake the household.
39) 5) text: Lucinnius sits back on the step of the washing pool, holding his stomach. Hector sits down beside him. They both look down at the blade, still in Lucinnius' body.
39) 9) dialog: You've done it... you've done it ... lie down...
39) 10) text: Hector speaks gently, like coaxing a frightened animal. He helps Lucinnius lie out on the marble floor.
39) 11) dialog: Close your eyes... you did it...
39) 15) dialog: Lie still... lie still...
39) 17) text: It looks as if Hector is playing for time.
39) 18) dialog: Shush... I'll need the knife...
39) 23) text: Lucinnius' voice is fading now. Hector waits, then reaches down for the knife in Lucinnius' stomach. We see on his face the effort as he pulls at it, and do we detect a subtle twisting of the blade to speed Lucinnius on his way? Lucinnius sighs and twitches a little. It's as if the life flows out of him as the knife is released from the wound. His voice is even more faint.
39) 25) text: Hector has the knife in his hand, but still he waits, looking at Lucinnius, willing the last dregs of life from him.
39) 27) text: The whispers fade to a croak. Lucinnius lies still. Hector has won this final battle of wills. He stands    u suddenly repulsed by what has happened. But quickly    he gathers his wits. He makes his decision. He throws     th knife down. It clatters along the hard shiny floor. Hector has run out of the room before it has come to    r against the wall.
40) 0) text: Hector runs into the study and makes for the box contain- ing the coins. He puts most of them into a leather money bag and ties it to his waist. Then he pulls on Lucinnius's cloak and rushes out of the room. He returns quickly to pick up his certificate of freedom from the table. Then just as he is leaving, he again stops, sits down on the chair, pulls off his worn shoes and places on his feet a pair of Lucinnius's stout street sandals.
41) 0) text: Hector is walking quickly from the kitchen across the courtyard to the street gate. Near the gate he stops and looks back at the house. He makes a decision and retraces his steps across the courtyard and back into the house.
42) 0) text: Thalia is sleeping in a large pallet bed on the floor with two other women. Hector gently shakes her shoulder, trying not to wake the others. After a moment or two Thalia opens her eyes.
42) 4) dialog: I'm leaving... come now if you want to... but we must hurry... I'm a free man... I'm free. Will you come?
43) 0) text: The shadowy cloaked figures making their way down to the harbor are Hector and Thalia. Nearer the harbor we sense the nighttime work of loading and preparing ships for the morning tide. By the light of oil lamps cargos are manhandled aboard, voices shout, WINCHES CREAK. Hector encounters a night WATCHMAN, but diverts his suspicion by boldly addressing him.
43) 1) dialog: I have some mail for Tyre... where are the east-bound ships?
43) 3) text: With an authoritative nod, Hector strides off in the direction of the noise and lights, Thalia at his heels. Hector talks when the Watchman is out of earshot.
43) 4) dialog: We want a timber ship... they go west... straight to Rome...
43) 6) text: Hector hurries on, noncommittal in his reply.
43) 7) dialog: You can go to anywhere from Rome.
44) 0) text: Hector and Thalia approach a ship heavily laden with timber. Final supplies are being carried aboard, super- vised by two men on the quay. Hector approaches them.
44) 1) dialog: Where is the Captain?
44) 6) text: He indicates a man standing on the rear deck. Hector and Thalia climb up the gangplank and approach him.
44) 7) dialog: Good morning, Captain... I'm looking for passage to Rome, for both of us...
44) 9) dialog: I'm the steward of Lucinnius the merchant... we have business in Rome... I need an immediate passage...
44) 11) dialog: Of course.
44) 14) dialog: When do you leave?
44) 16) dialog: Keen to start, yes.
45) 0) text: Hector and Thalia are asleep, huddled together in a cor- ner of the ship that they have claimed as their quarters. A CREWMAN comes and shakes Hector awake. He stirs himself to the sounds of a SHIP UNDERWAY, the sounds of the SEA- WASH, the WIND in the CANVAS, the MOANS of the TIMBERS.
45) 2) text: Hector wakes Thalia and they clamber out of the darkness of the hold onto the brightest, freshest of days at sea.
46) 4) dialog: Yes, of course. We can tell he is lying.
46) 13) dialog: No... they can't be... they're lost...
46) 15) text: Hector and Thalia look at each other. The Captain smiles at them and looks back to the ships, coursing healthily on their way.
47) 0) text: Later, the ship is still making brisk progress. Thalia and Hector are sitting on deck, some distance from one another. They are quieter now, more thoughtful. Hector catches her eye. Hector is drawn by her smile and moves to join her. They sit quietly, absorbed in thought, thoughts of each other, their looks and smiles tell us that. As if they are talking without words. Hector looks around him. A sailor on the forward deck is sorting out some rope, an echo of a previous time and place. The wind catches the sailor's hat. He grabs it from the air and spends time arranging it once more on his head, just so. A tiny human moment.
48) 0) text: A man is driving a heavy two-horse wagon. The wind has just lifted his hat from his head. He spends some time replacing it carefully, just so. Watching him from the back of the wagon is Hector. The drama of the lives of Thalia and Hector      has play itself out long ago. Between the breath of       sea bree that lifted the hat of the Roman sailor and      the gust mountain wind that snatches the hat of the      wagoner, 1400 years. Hector sits   in the wagon beside a woman. There are tantalizing   similarities between their situation and th one we left   Thalia and Hector in on the boat a few moments ago,   1400 years ago.
48) 7) text: There is an Irish lilt to his voice which colors what he is saying with a tinge of mischief. He is a difficult fellow to pin down. Hector looks at him amusedly, still sharing his thoughts silently with the woman, BEATRICE. The Nun interrupts the Priest cheerfully.
48) 18) text: Now Hector is getting the hard looks from the Priest.
48) 22) text: Hector gestures to Beatrice that he is leaving the wagon to walk for a while and asks her to join him. She shakes her head with a smile. Hector smiles, too, then jumps down from the wagon and, walking slowly, allows it to gain ground in front of him. The ramblings of the Priest fade away.
49) 0) text: Hector smiles as the Priest's VOICE FADES into the dis- tance. It is a  cold fresh day of early summer. They are travelling high in the mountains. Hector dawdles on his way, eating a hard biscuit he takes from his pocket. The last sound he hears from the wagon is the renewed WAILING OF the GIRL. Hector lays himself down at the side of the road. His eyes begin to close. Then a SOUND in the distance makes him open them again. He listens. MORE SOUNDS drift up to him from the floor of the valley. He stands up and crosses the track. At first he can see nothing. He walks back along the rim of the road. Then he sees where the noise is coming from. A mounted skirmish is in progress, just where a wooden bridge crosses the small river, at the very bottom of the valley There are no more than 30 knights in full armor, with twice as many foot soldiers and squires. Even from such a distance Hector can see and hear that the fighting is ferocious, almost insane in its intensity. From this distance it is like a puppet show, except the violence is real. The scene places Hector in his time and for us there is a strange feeling to it, almost as if Hector has awoken from sleep and found himself transported to some distant age. But this is not the case. Hector is where he belongs, in Medieval Europe. Hector makes his decision. With a last look behind him he runs off in the direction of the wagon. Like any wise citizen of a violent age, Hector knows when to leg it.
50) 0) text: Hector catches up with the moving wagon and jumps onto it, happily back in the security of his fellow travellers. He smiles at Beatrice.
50) 1) dialog: A bit cold... walking... She smiles at him. He sits opposite her in the wagon, and allows his foot to touch hers. She doesn't move away. Hector calls to the Driver.
50) 2) dialog: How long to get there?
50) 7) dialog: I thought I heard fighting... back there...
50) 8) text: Beatrice replies, but in a language that Hector doesn't understand.
50) 10) text: Hector talks back to her.
50) 11) dialog: I don't know what you're saying...
50) 14) dialog: I don't understand.
50) 15) text: Beside Hector the Girl has stopped sobbing but she is still troubled. She turns to him and speaks quietly but with determination.
50) 17) text: Hector doesn't know how to respond. He can do nothing to help her, and anyway, is more interested in Beatrice.
53) 0) text: In the dark, sleeping bodies lie all over the floor of an upstairs room. Gentle snores and regular breathing lay a blanket of soft sound over the human forms. One of the forms stirs and sits up on one elbow. Hector, in another corner of the room, sleeping lightly, becomes aware of this. He watches as the figure stands up and picks its way between the bodies to the door. The figure pauses and crouches over Beatrice. Hector can hear the distinct sounds of the figure sniffing her, from head to toe, and then a deep, long sigh. The figure stands up and moves quietly to the door, disappearing downstairs. Hector rouses himself and follows the other.
54) 0) text: Hector creeps cautiously into the dark kitchen. The figure has gone to the pantry and can be heard RUMMAGING there. Hector creeps closer and sees that it is the Priest. He already has a chicken leg between his teeth as he hunts for a cup for the jar of wine tucked under his arm. He emerges from the pantry. He sees Hector standing by the table. They recognize one another and relax. The Priest doesn't re-enter his holy act. He speaks normally, cheekily.
54) 4) text: He pours some wine into the cup and slides it across the table to Hector.
54) 9) text: Hector takes a drink.
54) 10) dialog: I saw some fighting today... back up the road...
54) 12) dialog: I don't know.    They all look the same to me.
54) 16) text: Hector is smiling.
54) 17) dialog: How do you know she's a widow?
54) 24) text: Hector doesn't answer, but smiles. The Priest has stirred thoughts that he had intended to dampen entirely.
54) 26) text: Hector still remains silent.        The Priest is worried
54) 28) text: Hector obeys the Priest without thought.        The Pries happier now that he is in control again.
54) 30) dialog: You did, Ronald.
54) 31) text: Hector approaches the Priest with the bread.
54) 33) text: He raises his cup to Hector.
56) 4) text: Hector talks to the company, but means his words for the Priest.
56) 5) dialog: I won't be travelling today.
56) 8) text: Hector shakes his head, catching Beatrice's eye.
56) 9) dialog: I'll stay.
56) 18) text: The Squire looks at him and nods his head.       Hector l with sympathy at the boy.
56) 30) text: The Soldiers scatter to   carry out their orders. Hector takes time to watch the   Squire still kneeling beside hi father, quietly stroking   the helmet. Ronald the Priest mutters every prayer he   can remember. The suit of armor twitches and MOANS. Hector looks at Beatrice and motions for her to follow him outside. The Priest looks on helplessly as they slide past the table and head for the door.
57) 0) text: More soldiers have continued to make their way to the shelter of the farm. Everywhere is the chaos of war. Wounded men lie awaiting the attentions of either the medicos or the priest. Prisoners huddle in cowed groups. Everyone looks for food. Individual soldiers, like lost souls, run here and there trying to regroup with their comrades. The youngest are squires of twelve or thir- teen, the oldest are red-faced, overweight knights in expensive armor. Hector and Beatrice have found a quiet corner where they can sit and talk. Behind them is a group of soldiers, reserves who have not yet joined the battle. They are much fresher than the rest and are drilling as a disci- plined unit. Their movements are a strange cross between parade ground drill and battle training. To the BEAT of DRUMS they perform rhythmic, hypnotic movements, repeating the same pattern over and over again. A deadly dance, thrusting their pikes in unison. They become like one evil, inhuman machine. It is mesmerizing to watch, all the more so in relation to the coy seduction scene that Hecto and Beatrice are acting out. They have the problem of not sharing a language, but, resourceful as lovers are, they soon employ this as another titillating element in their love-play.
57) 1) dialog: I think you know what I'm saying ... a little...
57) 6) dialog: How come you don't speak like anyone else? Are you far from home? Home? Where you sleep and live?
57) 8) dialog: I'm far from home, too... way, way                    * over there... then across the sea...
57) 10) dialog: Have you ever seen the sea? Water                     * everywhere... right to the end of the world... I come from the other side of the little water, then                        * there's the big, big water... I                       * had a friend who sailed on that...                    * went too far... fell right over                       * the edge... into nothing. They never came back... they fell off the world...
57) 11) text: Hector smiles, pleased with himself.    Beatrice laughs.
57) 12) dialog: You think that's funny? It's true... it's a sad story... you shouldn't laugh.
57) 14) dialog: I'm not making sense, am I? Well, let's go back to homes. That's where I'm going... I've been away for too long... Some people locked me up... I had to run away.
57) 20) dialog: We have to learn to talk the same... try it like me, say it... home...
57) 22) dialog: Home... home... try it... home...
57) 24) dialog: I don't want your word for home, I want you to say mine... home... home...
57) 26) text: Beatrice has her way, turning the tables on Hector.    He says it in her language.
57) 27) dialog: Home... home...
57) 30) text: They fall silent, suddenly shy. Beatrice breaks this moment by reaching out to Hector's neck, very delicately, like a caress. Hector smiles. There first touch. Then it changes. Beatrice completes her movement with a sharp grab at Hector's hair, and pinches her fingers on somethi Triumphantly she shows him the flea she has caught.
57) 32) dialog: Flea... a flea... thanks.
57) 39) dialog: Why don't we go somewhere and have a good session... I could do you... I'd like to give you a good grooming...
59) 0) text: Hector and Beatrice have found some privacy, near the trees and by a low wall. Some bushes hide them from full view of the farm yard. Hector is sitting cross- legged and Beatrice kneels behind him, giving his head a thorough going over. Mutual grooming is the original, and perhaps the best, form of foreplay. Hector certainly likes it.
59) 2) dialog: Yes, it does feel good. She gives his scalp a final delicious rub, and then stops
59) 4) dialog: Got one... a tiny little one... yours are so small... and fair...                      * To Hector even her fleas are a delight. He seems to want to keep it as a pet. There is no hope for this man. Beatrice moans softly, happily. Hector still kneading her scalp.
59) 5) dialog: I don't know your name. I'm Hector... who are you? I'm Hector. Beatrice replies with a hint of breathlessness.
59) 7) dialog: Beatrice.
59) 12) dialog: Yes, I think Beatrice is a good name.                                                  *
59) 15) text: In between parting the hairs on her scalp Hector is kiss- ing her on the neck now. At first it is small, snatched kisses amongst the grooming, but soon the kisses become longer and the grooming less.
61) 0) text: The Nun's mule turns out of the farmyard and heads off along the track. A few Soldiers are burying some of their dead nearby. The Nun watches this and doesn't see what the Girl sees on the other side, the mingled bodies of Hector and Beatrice, all pretence at grooming now gone, engaged in fervent lovemaking. It's probably the first and last that the Girl will see. A smile flickers across her face before she turns away forever. Ahead of her there might be many a bleak night in her convent when she will remember the image, and that same smile will return to her lips.
65) 0) text: The Priest wakes up. Outside he can hear the first sounds of the day, the murmuring VOICES of Soldiers in the yard, the CLATTER OF MILK PAILS. In the room it is still semi-dark. The Priest sits up. The others have already left, but Beatrice is there, stretching herself and fixing her hair. Hector is not with her. She smiles at the Priest. Then, in another part of the room, Hector emerges from what looks like a pile of clothing, sits up and smiles too.
65) 1) dialog: Good morning. Hector and Beatrice look at each other. The Priest looks at them in turn. Their cheeky act of innocence mocks him.
66) 0) text: Hector is washing himself by the stream that flows close by the yard. He drinks a handful of water for breakfast. The Priest sees him from the farmyard and comes to join him. Hector is in a cheerful mood, pleased with himself and his success with Beatrice. The Priest is sullen, reproachful.
66) 1) dialog: You're a busy man, what with all these souls departing.
66) 3) dialog: Nothing at all.
66) 5) dialog: Moving on, as you told me to... we'll meet up, like you said. I'll wait for you at the channel.
66) 8) dialog: Witch my arse. Stop giving me orders. Both of them are unhappy now, confusing one another, spoiling their friendship.
66) 9) dialog: You're a strange fellow. Are you a priest? Are you jealous? The Priest is silent. They are saved from hurting each other more. A Soldier shouts down to them from the farm.
66) 15) dialog: You have work to do here.
66) 16) text: The Priest walks back up to the farm. Hector calls out what might be an attempt at an apology or simply another taunt.
66) 17) dialog: I don't understand you.
67) 0) text: Hector and Beatrice have packed their few belongings into a shoulder bag. They turn out of the farmyard and walk down the main track. Hector catches a last glimpse of the Priest being helped onto the back of a horse, behind a Soldier. He is ridden off in the opposite direction with the rest of the troop. Other battles lie ahead to be blessed, and more battered bodies requiring comfort. Hector and   Beatrice are enjoying the first pulse- quickening   flush of their intimacy, and the thrill of knowing it   will go further. They chatter freely, despite not   sharing a language.
67) 1) dialog: I'm glad we're going the same way.
68) 0) text: Hector and Beatrice have stopped to eat. They shelter in the fold of a hillside, with a wide stream running some way below. Hector feeds Beatrice a piece of cheese from his knife.
68) 5) text: Hector seems to know what she is saying. He throws down his knife and cheese, lying down with her on the grass. He kisses her breasts and her body eagerly. He lifts her skirts and caresses and kisses her naked legs and thighs. She stretches herself out happily, arms spread wide on the grass. Hector talks through his kisses.
68) 6) dialog: Why do you smell so wonderful?
68) 9) text: Hector kisses her more. She smiles and turns her head to the sky. Then she starts to giggle.
68) 11) text: Hector doesn't understand, and keeps on with his kissing. Only her persistent giggling makes him stop and look up. Hector sees him too. Down by the stream a head peering over the top of a rock, not even attempting to hide.
68) 14) dialog: He's not moving. He must've seen us, though.
68) 17) text: But Hector still looks at the figure in the distance. There is an uneasy silence while Hector works it out. Then he speaks.
68) 21) dialog: It's a dead man.
68) 22) text: Beatrice doesn't understand.        Hector stands up, sti looking at the figure.
68) 23) dialog: Come on, we're going that way at any rate.
69) 1) dialog: No sign of a battle... only a few horses... or just one. He wasn't killed in a fight.
69) 3) text: There is a sadness about this young death in such a lonely place. Hector and Beatrice are open to this sad- ness, but in their age sentiment was of a tougher strain.
69) 5) text: She is already gathering stones.        Hector sees what Beatrice is doing.
69) 6) dialog: That's good of you.
69) 7) text: As he lays him down Hector sees a small, dry wound on the boy's side. Beatrice brings her armful of stones and starts to build a mound around the squire's head.
69) 11) dialog: It's all we can do. It won't keep the wolves away though.
69) 14) text: She looks at Hector.
69) 16) text: Hector watches as Beatrice exchanges her old shoes for the squire's. They fit her well, and she proudly shows them off to Hector. He smiles at her.
70) 0) text: Later, Hector and Beatrice are enjoying each other immensely, making love by the stream. Beatrice hasn't removed her new shoes, she likes them so much. She is dabbing Hector with her perfume which, he has discovered, she keeps in a small bottle kept in a pouch on a chain around her neck.
70) 2) dialog: You've put magic in this stuff, haven't you, you're bewitching me...
70) 8) dialog: I don't know what you're saying but I like you when you talk.
71) 0) text: Hector is watching Beatrice conduct some kind of ceremony over the corpse of the squire. She takes a handful of dried flowers or herbs from a pouch in her bag. Mumbling strangely and quickly to herself, she walks around the corpse three times, scattering the leaves over the body. Hector is fascinated, but a little uneasy. He watches from a safe distance. During the few moments that it takes, Beatrice seems like a different person. Then, all of a sudden, the familiar, friendly Beatrice returns. She completes her ceremony by throwing a few drops of her perfume over the body. She smiles.
71) 2) dialog: We should go now. We've been here too long.
71) 4) dialog: You said mama. I know what that is... mama... We can talk the same...
72) 4) dialog: I have to keep the sun on my back, that's what Ronald said... the sun on my back all the way home... I'll stay on this side of the river...
72) 6) dialog: I stay on this side...
73) 0) text: Beatrice is milking a stray cow they have found in the forest. Hector is watching her, especially her hands. She manipulates the udders of the cow deftly, sexily. Her hands seem to have sensual personalities all of their own. She is chattering non-stop, explaining the subtleties of milking to Hector. But he can't take his eyes or his mind off her thrilling hands. He responds distractedly.
73) 1) dialog: Oh yes... oh yes.
74) 0) text: Hector lies by their small fire, watching Beatrice, who sleeps by his side. She is dreaming. She mumbles in her sleep, whole sentences. She turns this way and that. Hector watches in fascination.
75) 0) text: Hector and Beatrice are on the move again. They make their way down into the thickening forest. Beatrice walks ahead, light-footed and humming to herself. She seems to be in comfortably familiar territory now. The mist swirls about him as Hector follows on behind, tagging along as if caught in her sexual wake.
76) 0) text: Hector and Beatrice have reached the river, broad and slow-moving. Beatrice has hailed a boatman from the far side. He maneuvers his small boat to them and they clamber aboard. Beatrice and the boatman greet each other familiarly. They gossip amiably as the ferry makes its way across the river. Hector sits quietly with a smile on his face, their chatter incomprehensible to him.
77) 0) text: As they climb out of the ferry Hector is suddenly unsure of what he is doing.
77) 1) dialog: I think we're going the wrong way. I want the sun on my back. We should have stayed on the other side.
78) 0) text: They have reached the outskirts of a village. Beatrice turns off the main track and up a narrow path. Hector follows her. Soon she stops at a small house close to an orchard. The house sits in the mess of a run-down farm yard, chickens and goats running here and there. Beatrice opens the door of the house and goes inside. Hector hesitates before following her.
79) 2) text: Hector stands looking around the small dark room. Beatrice suddenly seems shy and awkward.
79) 4) text: Hector looks at her in silence.
79) 11) text: She holds the jacket up against Hector to measure it. Hector's reaction to a dead man's clothing is predictable.
79) 12) dialog: What did he die of?                                    *
79) 14) text: Hector is beginning to understand what she means, but he keeps his feelings to himself. Beatrice talks on. Now that she has started, she wants to say it all.
79) 18) text: She climbs a   ladder nearby and lifts open a trapdoor on the wooden   ceiling. Hector climbs up to join her and together they   stand on the ladder with their heads poki into the tiny   space above.
80) 5) text: She laughs. Hector's expression lightens a little too. It occurs to him to take up her offer immediately. She catches his thought, and the moment tingles happily. Then from outside they hear voices. Firstly a young Boy calling.
81) 0) text: Beatrice and Hector   descend back in the room. A BOY of about eight and   a GIRL of ten are coming in from the garden. They have    been working outside. Beatrice goes to embrace each of   them. Hector's face is a confusion once again.
81) 2) text: The Girl eyes Hector up and down.
81) 6) text: The CREAK of a door makes Hector turn his head.
81) 8) text: An OLD WOMAN stands in the main doorway, smiling at Hector and nodding her head. She speaks to her daughter.
81) 10) text: Hector stands, surrounded by instant family, and doesn't know what to do. Eventually he speaks.
81) 14) dialog: Is there water... to drink... to wash?
81) 17) text: She takes off the dead Squire's shoes and puts them on the Boy's bare feet. He is delighted. He does a little dance in them before leaving with Hector.
82) 0) text: Hector stands at the well some way from the house. Beatrice's garden is a madness of wild flowers, harvested by her for scents and powders. She is a remarkable woman, living as she does in the harsh male world of her time. The scented air and the dizzy SOUNDS OF the BEES almost make Hector swoon. He is experiencing the full, heady impact of Beatrice, and it is summed up in a full-blown pollen-filled sneeze. He drinks at   her well. The Boy is beside him, still engrossed in   his new shoes. Hector splashes some water on his face   and looks back at the house. He has some decisions to   make.
83) 0) text: The Mother sits by the window in the nearest thing to a comfortable chair that the house has to offer. She is working on some lace. Hector enters the room to watch her. He smiles and stands shyly at the door. The Mother thinks he wants her chair for himself. In a flurry of apology she rises, drops her work and motions for Hector to have the good seat. He is full of embarrassment.
83) 1) dialog: No, no... sit down... I just came to watch... please... sit...
83) 2) text: He guides the Mother back to the good chair. They struggle comically for a while, but eventually she allows Hector to settle her there. She mumbles unhappily.
83) 7) text: Hector gently pacifies her.
83) 8) dialog: You must sit there... look... you need the light from the window... it's your seat... I don't want it... it's yours... I can sit on the box.
83) 9) text: The old woman   allows herself a shy smile. Whether in innocence or   mischief, she has secured the best seat in the house for   herself. If he stays, Hector will never dare rest his   bones in it.
84) 0) text: Hector has retreated to the yard. The Girl is boiling some dyes in a cauldron over an open fire. The Boy is working at a basketful of flower heads, pulling petals and separating the hearts, putting them in a large jar of colored liquid. Hector is aware of Beatrice watching him. She is returning to the kitchen, firmly holding a struggling chicken, wings flapping and feathers flying everywhere. This chicken is making the supreme sacrifice in Beatrice's final effort at total seduction, a wonderful meal. Hector is guiltily aware of this as their eyes meet briefly. Hector takes in   what the Boy is doing and joins in the work. The    Boy smiles at Hector's initial clumsines He motions for   Hector to have a sniff of the jar of liquid. Hector    does so.  The smell is heady and pleasa
84) 1) dialog: Ah...
84) 2) text: The Boy says something and points towards his sister. She stands by her cauldron, stirring the bubbling liquid. Hector goes to watch her work. He looks in the cauldron.
84) 3) dialog: Good color... for cloth?
84) 4) text: Without thinking, Hector leans over the cauldron to sniff. A hideous odor assaults him. He backs off.
84) 8) dialog: Ugh...
84) 9) text: The Girl says something to him, and points to a bucket of liquid at her feet. Hector makes out something like the word "peepee."
84) 10) dialog: Peepee?
85) 0) text: Hector sits at the table with Beatrice and her family. There is an air of awkward silence, although the Boy and Girl look openly at Hector, perhaps assessing him as a future father. The meal has been served in a communal pot. In Beatrice's house there is the luxury of small individual plates. The others wait for Hector to begin, but he indicates to the old Mother to help herself first. She does, and she doesn't stop until her plate is heaped high with food. There is definitely some power play going on in the old woman's mind, although her face is all innocence. Hector submits, taking only a modest portion of food. The old Mother's appetite is prodigious. It is comical to watch her little frame consume so much, quietly and methodically. She is an eating machine. During the meal Beatrice and Hector exchange glances. But this time their talking without words is a serious affair
85) 1) dialog: Mmmm... good food....
86) 0) text: From the kitchen Beatrice watches Hector in the garden. he is making an effort to appear relaxed, but as he paces here and there Beatrice knows that he is unhappy. She leaves the kitchen to join him.
86) 2) text: Hector opens his heart to her, knowing she will understan his feelings if not his words.
86) 6) dialog: I have to leave soon. I can't stay... it would be wrong to stay for just a while...
87) 0) text: It is awkward for Hector to say goodbye.
87) 1) dialog: I have to go... have to keep the sun on my back... I have to get home... I have a family, just like you... I like you... you smell good... wonderful...
87) 2) text: Hector fumbles awkwardly with his bag and then walks off down the track. He turns to look at Beatrice. She stands outside her house for a long time, watching him until he turns onto the main road and OUT OF SIGHT. The pain and the awkwardness in   Beatrice and Hector are specific, but the scene of   parting is timeless. Is this the ten millionth such   parting, or the billiont It is one of them at any rate,   and a sad one.
88) 0) text: Hector has reached the river, but it is already growing dark and the boatman has gone for the night. Hector sees the boat, dragged out of the water. He sits down against the trunk of a large tree.       His eyes begin to close.
89) 0) text: Hector awakes. He looks around him. He is on a huge raft, made of ship's timbers. We have left our previous Hector sitting under his tree 400 years ago. This Hector is awakening into what might be a nightmare. The huge raft is many smaller rafts lashed together. There are over a hundred and fifty people perched on them, lying or squatting in sleep. It is early morning. The sea is calm around them, but the deep ocean swell is still there to remind them of their predicament, menacing like a controlled anger. Hector is fully awake now, sitting against some boxes. He speaks to ANDRE sitting close by.
89) 4) dialog: I had a wonderful dream. I was                       * lying under a tree, beside a river. I was dozing. I heard the water... beautiful clear water. I got up and drank some. I think I ate some                   * raspberries too.
89) 6) text: Hector looks around him at the squalid mass of distressed humanity.
89) 7) dialog: God, this is the worst, the worst.                   *
89) 11) text: There is a flurry of movement amongst the figures, then a splash, then a cry of a Woman. The noise has awakened others. All over the raft figures are coming awake, sitting up, taking in the new day, and the dreadful reality of their situation. Andre speaks to Hector.
89) 13) dialog: I think there's more chance of me eating you, Andre.
92) 0) text: Hector and Andre are walking through the half-built village.  Andre is carrying Hector's possessions, a rolled-up carpet and a bolt of colorful cloth. We feel an echo of the days when Hector was a slave, walking two paces behind with his master's possessions. Hector finds what he is looking for. Francisco is working on a shelter for himself and Ursula, with the help of some slaves. Hector approaches him, making another attempt to heal wounds from his past.
92) 1) dialog: I have a carpet and some cloth... I thought if we worked together we could make a better shelter...
92) 4) dialog: At least ask Dona Ursula...
92) 6) text: His stubborn rejection of Hector reveals just how strong their friendship once was.
92) 7) dialog: Well... would you take my cloth, at least?
93) 0) text: Hector and Francisco reach Dom Paulo's office in the sand. The leading citizens are gathering there as the two captured Deserters are brought in.
93) 36) text: A lot of hands go up. Hector hesitates, his instincts are not for killing. But the force of the majority weighs on him. He starts to raise his hand. At that moment, as he scans the crowd, he meets the eyes of the Deserter whose death they are voting on. For a moment they communicate. Hector is thrown. He drops his hand, only to find in the next instant the stern gaze of Salgado on him. He hesitates again, then starts to raise his hand. Then the eyes of the Deserter find him once more. This comic pantomime goes on while a solid majority of the crowd firmly raise their hands.
93) 58) text: Dom Paulo looks over the faces of the men.       He stops Hector.
93) 60) text: Hector doesn't have the will to accept or the courage to refuse. He is saved by another young man, ALVAREZ, eager to prove himself.
93) 63) text: We can sense the feeling of relief in Hector. Dom Paulo's son has been a silent witness to everything that has happened, but his blank face reveals nothing of his feelings.
94) 0) text: It is growing dark. Fires are being lit outside     the shelters. Andre is building Hector's tent while     Hecto watches him. The tent is only large enough for     one person, and somehow looks mean compared with the    other
94) 1) dialog: Good work, Andre. He looks across to the well-made shelter of Ursula and Francisco. Ursula herself works at the fire.
94) 3) dialog: You go and sleep by the big fire, Andre. Keep warm. Andre leaves.
95) 0) text: Hector goes inside his little    house. He puts his back to the entrance and opens the    canvas sack which contai all his possessions. He pulls     out his prize, a sizeab chunk of bread and some dried    fruit. He guiltily gnaws at the hard bread. He is surprised by the sound of the boy, Nuno outside.
95) 3) dialog: Thank you, Nuno.
95) 8) dialog: I'll start with two.
95) 13) text: He looks at the fruit he has just given Hector.
95) 15) dialog: But there's tomorrow, Nuno... we must eat tomorrow too...
95) 17) dialog: Dom Paulo would call it a waste. You must keep yourself strong, Nuno, that's what he'd say... so that you can help the others... God knows what we have ahead of us... we'll need strong people like you...
95) 19) dialog: Try not to think about Lopo any more... The guards wouldn't let you near him anyway.
95) 20) text: Nuno stomps away in silence.       Hector shouts after hi cheerily.
95) 21) dialog: Goodnight!
99) 0) text: While Francisco's attention has been on the natives, Hector has sidled up to him, still hoping to ingratiate himself. He talks while they watch the two events, the hanging and the meeting.
99) 1) dialog: I hate it when people have to die.                      *
99) 3) dialog: It's foolish squabbling at all. We should be friends. Francisco looks at him for the meaning in what he is saying. Hector shrugs. He takes a small bundle from his jacket and gives it to Francisco.
99) 5) dialog: Some bread and raisins.
99) 7) dialog: Well this wasn't. It's for her... and you. Francisco looks Hector straight  in the eye, looking for his angle. But this time there   is none. Hector is simply a lonely man seeking to  retrieve lost friendship. There is a glimmer of sympathy  in Francisco's face.
99) 11) dialog: I must speak to her!
103) 0) text: Sadly for Hector, the harmonium enthusiast is very close to his shelter. The JANGLY MUSIC is loud and insistent. Hector removes six large eggs from a bag and takes them outside to his fire.
104) 1) dialog: How are they?
104) 3) dialog: Yours were fine?
104) 9) dialog: Have you any eggs left?
104) 11) dialog: You were lucky. What?
104) 13) dialog: You don't like Andre anymore?
104) 15) dialog: We're not going to die, Andre...
104) 16) text: Hector smiles at his own insensitivity.
104) 17) dialog: I've forgotten your name...
104) 19) dialog: Now I remember why we called you Andre.
104) 21) dialog: I will, Andre... I promise... I'll call you that... when I remember...
104) 22) text: Andre is satisfied, and leaves.      Hector calls to him.
104) 23) dialog: Good night... Keta...
104) 25) dialog: Yes... good night...
104) 29) dialog: Hey! Stop that, will you? Think of the older people, and the sick... I'll give you an egg if                         * you stop... here...
105) 0) text: The Officers and Dom Paulo are selecting items for barter from their crates and boxes of valuables. Hector and other notables are also there. Cheap goods, a box of rosaries and crucifixes made of common beads, for example, are being gone through and suitable junk selected for gifts. They talk as they work.
105) 17) text: Dom Paulo rummages in a box of cheap rosaries, selects a couple, and then retires to his tent. The others work on at the table. Hector drifts off down to the beach.
107) 0) text: Hector is walking along the beach, close to a pile of discarded boxes and crates.
108) 0) text: Hector is enjoying the   freshness of the day. We see him climb over a dune   and then as he nears the summit duck and retreat down   the slope again. Cautiously he crawls up the dune and   looks over to the other side. He is watching a young Girl and the boy Nuno. They are twelve or thirteen years old. They are coyly in the early stages of making love, the Boy lying close to the Girl, kissing her, beginning to caress her. Their love-making is poised oddly between child's play and eroticism. It's their day of discovery and it is like a dream of love. The Boy is just about to   discover some more and is fumbling with the Girl's   clothing, when he looks up and catches sight of Hector.    Hector ducks down but knows h has been seen and decides   to brazen it out. He stands up in full view of them.
108) 1) dialog: Stop that... leave her alone... get back to the camp... or I'll tell your mother... how can you play like this when there are people needing your help back there...?
108) 2) text: The Boy is standing now and fixing his clothing. He walks off back to the camp. The Girl remains sitting in the sand, buttoning her dress, too embarrassed even to raise her head to Hector. Then Hector is touched by something, perhaps the sad stoo in the Boy's shoulder or the Girl's lowered head. Hector realizes he has broken something precious and in their circumstances infinitely fragile and irretrievable. He feels like an oaf. He calls after the Boy.
108) 3) dialog: Come back... I didn't mean it... it was a joke... you come back... she's still here... I won't say anything...
108) 7) dialog: I'm sorry.
108) 8) text: But she doesn't look up, still fumbling with her buttons. Hector curses quietly and looks out across the dunes, angry with himself. Then he sees the procession of the Native King and his people, some cattle, and porters carrying baskets. Hector runs off towards the camp.
109) 0) text: The meeting of the two leaders is weird and wonderful to see. The ragged Europeans, already scanning the baskets of the Natives for signs of solid food, somehow still muster an absurd sense of their own importance for the occasion. The Natives, excited and curious, trying to contain their exuberance so that they don't miss a single detail of this most significant day. Many of the Natives have climbed into the trees, either out of timidity or to get a better view The trees around the meeting place are dripping with bodies, like human fruit. Hector slips into the crowd as the NATIVE KING is in mid-speech. When he has stopped talking the Slave begins to haltingly translate.
110) 0) text: The remains of the cow hang on the spit over the large fire the survivors have made on the beach. Small groups of people sit around it, gnawing on the roasted flesh. The image is once again timeless, the elements of it simple; man, fire, flesh, food. One cow doesn't go far between a hundred starving people. Some are still on their feet by the large fire. Now and then a hand will dart out over the flames to snatch a bone hanging loose or a tasty-looking piece of gristle. They are the survivors of the pack, if any will be. Hector is, of course, among them. He    risks the searing heat to pull at a couple of blackened   bones. He sees Nuno, the boy he chased away from the   Girl earlier in the day. Nuno is sitting by himself,    staring vacantly at the fire, licking his fingers. Hector sits down in the sand beside him. Nuno hardly notices him until Hector offers him one of his bones. Nuno grabs it.
110) 5) dialog: Suck out the marrow... it's the best bit.
110) 6) text: Nuno follows Hector's example. Hector allows him to feel the benefit of his gift before he starts to talk.
110) 7) dialog: I'm sorry about today...
110) 9) dialog: But it does... it was mean of me... I was upset at something... I wasn't really angry at you...
110) 11) text: Nuno is taking it rather well.      Hector regains his natural self-confidence.
110) 13) dialog: You don't think too badly of me?
110) 15) dialog: You still like me?
110) 18) dialog: You do?
110) 20) text: Hector is satisfied now.
110) 21) dialog: Well, that makes me feel better... we all have to like each other... and respect each other... that's important too.
110) 23) dialog: If you don't respect me, just say so...
110) 27) dialog: I have a boy like you... maybe                          * you could meet him when we get home...
110) 28) text: This doesn't produce much of a response. Hector tries again. He starts to chuckle to himself and nudges Nuno in the ribs.
110) 29) dialog: You can take her back there tomorrow, eh?
111) 3) text: Hector comes to the meeting. He sits down on a box near the table and watches and listens, his expression changing with the shifts in mood of the others. This is Hector the social animal, our Hector with his pockets full of stolen nails and his tent full of stashes of food.
112) 0) text: Hector is   making his way in the dark back to his shelte He passes   close to the tent of Francisco and Ursula. Francisco   is outside, by the fire. An impulse takes Hector to   join him.
112) 1) dialog: I'll be glad when we're on the move... the sound of the sea is driving me mad.
112) 3) text: Hector lingers.
112) 4) dialog: Where is Ursula? Sleeping?
112) 7) dialog: Will you share a bottle of wine with me? I've had it since we left the ship... I want to drink it tonight, with you.
112) 13) dialog: Yes.
113) 0) text: Hector has returned with his precious bottle. Francisco by some miracle has two fine crystal glasses. As they drink they begin to reveal a hint of their old intimacy.
113) 3) dialog: I know. I feel very guilty.    I brought this too...
113) 4) text: Hector pulls a cotton bag from under his coat.
113) 5) dialog: Honeyed fruit. The last I have.
113) 9) dialog: I brought it for Ursula...
113) 12) dialog: Surely... some fruit couldn't...
113) 17) dialog: Why is it always me? Why am I always guilty, always sorry... am I so bad?
113) 19) text: Hector is silent.
113) 21) dialog: I had to get home... just like you...
113) 23) dialog: But... the other raft was sinking...
113) 25) dialog: Francisco... please...                                 *
117) 2) dialog: You must come with us.
117) 9) dialog: And afterwards... what will you do then?
117) 11) dialog: Alone?
120) 0) text: There is a sense of bustle in the native village as the European sick are settled into their huts and the others prepare to depart. Emotional farewells take place in dark corners of the small huts. A group of unmoved sailors are playing cards in the dirt. In amongst the bustle Hector is looking for Francisco. He finds him taking some of his possessions into a hut.
120) 1) dialog: Francisco... I have to see her                         * before we leave.
120) 3) text: Francisco goes into the hut. Hector waits outside, watching the small human dramas all around him. Soon Francisco emerges from the hut.
120) 5) text: Hector goes into the hut, stooping low at the small entrance.
121) 0) text: Ursula is lying in a darkened corner. Hector is shaken by the sight of her, ashen and fevered, but tries not to show it. He kneels beside her.
121) 1) dialog: Ursula... it's Hector.
121) 3) dialog: We're leaving soon. I've come to say goodbye...
121) 9) dialog: I won't forget you... I won't forget India... I can't forget how I hurt you...
121) 11) dialog: We should have talked... I could have explained... many things...
121) 14) dialog: Yes... I'll pray for you in Lisbon... at the Cathedral...
121) 15) text: She lies still.       Hector lingers for a moment.   Then speaks again.
121) 16) dialog: I'm sorry I hurt your pride...
121) 17) text: Hector has blown it. Ursula pulls herself up on an elbow, finding wells of energy from sheer indignation. Hector is astonished, almost jumping out of his skin.
121) 19) dialog: Nothing, nothing...
121) 22) text: She lies still. Hector leans over her to make sure she is still breathing. He whispers nervously.
121) 23) dialog: Ursula?
122) 9) dialog: Francisco, I must talk to you alone...
123) 5) dialog: Yes.   I think so...
123) 7) dialog: Is there anything that I can do for you? A letter... a message?
123) 10) text: Hector smiles uncertainly, unsure if Francisco is making a joke. Then he becomes more serious.
123) 11) dialog: I want to ask you something. There's no easy way to do it...
123) 13) dialog: Your boots...
123) 16) dialog: Can I have them? You can have mine... they'll be fine for here... but I have to walk six hundred miles...
123) 17) text: Hector lifts a foot to show Francisco his boot. Francisco is stunned into silence. But then a smile comes to his face.
123) 19) text: Hector becomes almost poetic in his pleading.
123) 23) dialog: I'll walk all the way home, Francisco... I'll pray for your soul in the Cathedral in Lisbon...
123) 25) dialog: Yes.
123) 28) text: Francisco starts to take off his boots. Hector does the same. He can't believe his luck. At this moment, he loves Francisco. He makes nonsensical small talk, hopping around on one foot.
123) 29) dialog: They were made by Da Fosca, weren't they?
123) 32) text: Francisco is laughing, but Hector doesn't get the joke.
124) 6) dialog: How long?
124) 8) dialog: Damn them...
125) 0) text: Hector has scoured the campsite.      He holds up a cante he has found.
125) 1) dialog: It's Sandy's... whiskey...
125) 3) text: Hector walks to the fire, pleased with     himself. Bobby unfolds his fist and looks at what he     has found, an Indian arrowhead with a few inches of     broken shaft. H folds his hand over it again, keeping     his secret. Behind them, nailed to a tree, is a plaque their companions have left. It reads, "Pennsylvania Boundary Expedition 1761, Marker 152." Also on the plaque someone has written, "We left here, 20th October."
126) 0) text: Hector and Bobby sit by the fire with their supper. are both anxious, but pretend not to be.
126) 5) dialog: It's too high for Indians?
126) 7) dialog: If you did find an Indian, what would he be?
126) 9) dialog: We keep working?
126) 12) dialog: You think we'll get out?
128) 0) text: In the morning Hector and Bobby are taking readings from the instruments they have hung on a large tree, main- taining the disciplines of their work. It gives some shape and meaning to their predicament.
128) 3) dialog: I'm not fast... you're slowing down. They obviously have this tiff every morning.
128) 4) dialog: What's the point of having two chronometers when you don't take the average?
128) 6) dialog: You're unscientific, Bobby... at heart... Hector writes in the book.   He speaks pointedly.
128) 7) dialog: Seven twenty-five... Bobby mocks him with a laugh.
129) 0) text: Bobby is leading the horse and Hector walks on ahead. The going is easy through the ferns and grasses. Bobby for a moment forgets his apprehensions and starts to sing loudly.
129) 5) text: His voice rings sharply around the forest. Hector far ahead turns around, taken by surprise. Bobby has frightened himself too. He eyes the forest all around as the echo of his voice fades. Chastened, he begins to sing again, quietly this time, under his breath.
130) 0) text: Hector and Bobby have stopped at a point of bare rock looking out across the broad valley. They are building a pile of stones, a cairn. They work quietly, methodically. The only sounds are of their breathing and the CLICK-CLACK of the stones. We feel the echoes of our many previous Hectors and their piles of stones, built for this or that purpose. Our doomed surveyors are acting out the same ritual, this time in the name of science. They finish the cairn and erect their heavy tripod over it, and dangle a plumb line from the tripod. Bobby scratches the center point on the top stone of the cairn. They are establishing a survey point. They talk as they work. When they anchor their   tripod, the cold hard sound of their CHISELS STRIKING   ROCK ECHOES all through the fore It unnerves them. They    stop hammering and listen to th ECHO BOUNCING down the   valley.
130) 1) dialog: Sure this is a good idea.
133) 0) text: They are moving more slowly, the ground is rockier and the trees are thickening. They take the easy way up the hillside, a natural path made by deer or bear. It is difficult to know who is more shaken by their encounter, the Indian or Hector and Bobby. The INDIAN is sitting behind a tree as they pass, dozing or deep in reverie. They almost pass without noticing him, but Hector gives a turn of his head and there is the Indian four feet from him. At the same instant the Indian comes to his senses and sits bolt upright. The encounter is high comedy but full of terror for all of them. The Indian stands up.       Hector absurdly greets him.
133) 1) dialog: Hi!   Hello!
133) 2) text: The Indian backs off from them, holding his hands up and smiling crazily, as if to say, "Don't mind me, boys, I'm just leaving..." Hector and Bobby are equally silly in their response.
133) 3) dialog: Hey, come back... we're just moving through... don't apologize... we all got a fright... goodbye...
133) 8) dialog: Did you see him?
133) 10) dialog: Was he a Delaware?
133) 12) dialog: Yeah... I think he was an Indian too... What about the horse?
133) 14) dialog: Don't panic, Bobby...
133) 16) text: He runs off into the forest.        Then he turns and sho Hector.
133) 18) text: Hector follows him, a mad race through the forest.
134) 0) text: Hector and Bobby are sitting on a rock, gathering their wits. It is odd how they talk so matter-of-factly.
134) 1) dialog: What did you see?
134) 6) dialog: An Indian... with long hair...
134) 8) dialog: Yeah... he was't tall...
134) 10) text: Hector scans the hills above them.
134) 11) dialog: Let's get a bit further up.
134) 12) text: They move off.     Bobby looks at Hector's backpack.
134) 14) dialog: Some food, the logbooks, my letters, a candle...
134) 16) dialog: No.
135) 2) dialog: What about bears, without a fire?
137) 0) text: They are safe and snug in their hideaway. Hector has lit his candle. He is reading his letters, holding them close to his eyes in the dimness. He has the air of someone putting his affairs in order. Bobby is thinking aloud.
137) 3) dialog: What?     No... not tonight...
137) 5) dialog: Dear, Father, I miss you. Three frogs are dead. Everybody misses you.  Bring me a bear's head and claws and a gun. School is good. Miss White has married a fireman. Come back soon. Do not worry about the frogs, they did not have names. Nathaniel. Hector looks up at Bobby.
137) 6) dialog: It's not so funny now as it was.
137) 11) dialog: If you knew him... if you could picture him saying it... it would be funnier.
137) 13) dialog: I'm going home, for the winter...
137) 16) dialog: No.
137) 18) text: Hector sniffs some more.
137) 19) dialog: Tobacco?
137) 29) dialog: I was saving it... you have it...
137) 32) dialog: Well have it now... I don't smoke... take it...
137) 34) dialog: I was saving it for my birthday... I was going to give it to you then...
137) 36) dialog: Go on, smoke it... have it now...
137) 40) dialog: I know, Bobby... but that's how I feel about you, too... that's why we're friends... we try hard... come on... smoke your pipe...
137) 45) dialog: Come on... tell me... who would you rather be sitting here with... have a think...
137) 48) text: Hector smiles, too.
137) 49) dialog: Yeah. He would be a help... but after Daniel Boone...
137) 53) text: But Hector has other plans.          He is in control of friendship now.
137) 54) dialog: No we're not... we're going to talk... all night...
137) 56) dialog: So... where do you want to start?
137) 57) text: Bobby is silent, but still smiles his acquiescent smile. Hector reads the silence well.
137) 58) dialog: I know where you want to start...
137) 60) dialog: Alicia...
137) 65) dialog: I'm sorry...
137) 67) dialog: What do you mean, you're sorry... I'm the one that has to apologize...
138) 0) text: It is a glorious dawn. Bobby sits looking out on the valley, smoking his pipe. Behind him Hector is busy writing in his log book.
138) 2) text: Hector finishes his writing, tears out the page from his book. He offers it to Bobby.
138) 3) dialog: I've said who we are and where we're headed. Want to sign it, write anything?
138) 5) dialog: The peak we logged yesterday... I've named it Nathanial Mountain. After my boy... is that fine with you?
138) 11) dialog: North?
138) 13) text: Bobby walks off with great clouds of tobacco smoke billowing defiantly around him, as if to challenge their night-time tormentor. Hector takes a last look at their shelter and its little memorial cairn and then runs to catch up with Bobby.
139) 0) text: Hector and Bobby look vulnerable as they walk through the open forest with their meager packs on their backs.
140) 0) text: Bobby is a few steps ahead of Hector. He dips down over a rise, and instantly returns. He throws himself and Hector to the ground. Hector tries to struggle free.
140) 1) dialog: What's wrong?
140) 3) text: Hector ducks lower, hugging the ground. Bobby is already sliding up the slope to look over the rise. Hector follows him.
140) 8) dialog: Does it have to be bad?   They might be friendly...
140) 10) text: Bobby turns to Hector to make his point. That is when he sees the first of the figures, just the ghost of a shadow moving from tree to rock. His eyes flick across the forest behind them. He sees another figure caught in the act of seeking cover, looking absurdly embarrassed for the fleeting moment that we see it. Then Bobby sees another. Are they teasing them? It looks so much like a game children would play.
140) 12) dialog: What's wrong?                                          *
140) 14) text: Hector looks and sees nothing. Fifty Indians hold their breath. The forest seems empty. But Hector looks at Bobby. He is grey-faced, a man who is looking at death. Hector knows they are doomed.
140) 16) dialog: I'll do what you do.
140) 22) dialog: They're not going to catch us. We're going home.
140) 23) text: Hector stretches out an arm to Bobby.
140) 24) dialog: Hold my hand, Bobby...
141) 0) text: A war party of media people surround Hector as he exits a Yellow Cab. He forces his way through the yelling crowd of REPORTERS and camera crews. Hector is trying to make his way into a crumbling apartment building in Queens. Policemen help Hector through the barrage of shouted questions.
142) 0) text: Hector climbs to the fourth floor.     A POLICEMAN goes w him. Two paramedics come up the stairs behind them, carrying a stretcher. The Policeman stops.
142) 2) text: The paramedics turn around and head back down the stairs. Hector looks at the Policeman curiously.
143) 0) text: Hector and the Policeman squeeze past a cluster of people at the door and enter the apartment.
143) 4) text: Hector joins them.
143) 6) dialog: What?
143) 11) dialog: This isn't really my building... it's my partner's... I just took the call and came right over... I have to leave town in an hour or so anyway...
143) 13) text: Hector looks at his watch.
143) 14) dialog: 3:35...
143) 16) dialog: Where is she?
143) 17) text: The Detective and Hector walk down the hall. They stop at the door of the bathroom. Hector looks inside. There is a large ragged hole in the floor. At the far side of it the toilet unit dangles at a dangerous angle into the hole, held only by its plumbing. Firemen are working to secure it and what is left of the floor with metal props and hydraulic jacks. Lying on the floor below, surrounded by rubble, and being attended by the paramedics, is an old lady, MRS. PHILIPPOPOLIS. She tries to sit up when she sees Hector peering at her over the rim of the hole. She looks angry.
143) 19) dialog: Not me, Mrs. Philippopolis... my ex-partner... I think you spoke to him... How are you feeling?
143) 20) text: Hector says this clearly, for the benefit of the Detective and Mr. Santiago. The Detecitve is unimpressed.
143) 25) dialog: I'll make a couple of calls... I'll straighten it out... is she bad? Why don't they move her?
143) 27) dialog: She seems in good spirits...
143) 28) text: As if in response, Mrs. Philippopolis shouts up to Hector as she sees him leaving the bathroom above her.
144) 0) text: Hector retreats into the hallway. Takes out his mobile phone and dials, while watching the ominous Mr. Santiago making copius notes in his book. Hector gets connected.
144) 1) dialog: Boris... why did you do this to me? Get down here now... they want all kinds of certificates... They won't let me leave the building... I have my kids tonight, I haven't seen them in four years... I did tell you, I've been talking about it all week... how come they phoned me, this isn't my building? What? Don't tell me anymore... I want you here, now... and on your knee... I'll phone the lawyer... but you move. My weekend's ruined before it's started.
144) 2) text: Hector quickly dials another number.
144) 6) dialog: Anna... thank God... you have to help me... I'm still in Queens...                      * I've got cops here and everything                      * ... I need your car... I don't have time to pick up the rental now... they won't let me leave the building... you come down here... and put my bag in the car... no..                      * I have to pick the kids up by six, otherwise I fuck up her weekend too... she'll kill me... this is an emergency... what can I say? Please... right... okay...
144) 9) dialog: At the office... I might have some bills... it's not my building.                         *
144) 10) text: Santiago is talking almost to himself now, absorbed in th mundane mechanics of Hector's building.
144) 12) text: Hector shakes his head wearily.
144) 13) dialog: I don't really know...
144) 15) dialog: Can I do it Monday?
144) 20) dialog: Can I speak with Leonard, please... Mr. Deutsch? My name is Hector Troup, Borlonski and Troup, Real Estate...
144) 22) dialog: Leonard... it's Hector... Borlonski and Troup... yes... listen, we've had a domestic accident at our Eighth Street building... a floor                     * ... and an old lady... she did mention the word sue, but it might have been hysterics... what I need to know is what certificates you have on file for the building... I                    * know it's Friday... just do one                       * thing... let me know if the insurance is current... I need to know that... I'm on my mobile... anything you have... before five ... thank you...
144) 23) text: During the call Hector has walked   down the hall and bac to the hole in the floor. He sees    Mrs. Philippopolis, now strapped in a stretcher, being   carried out of the room below. At the sight of him,    she tries to sit up, straining on her straps.
144) 25) text: Hector is almost tempted to do what she says.
145) 4) dialog: I'll be on the way in thirty minutes at the outside... I can't say... Queens to New Jersey, on a Friday... what do you think? I'll be there... it's important to me too, I've been trying to put this weekend together for years... I'll be there... I won't take it out on the kids, I can walk away from problems... as soon as I get the car... I'll be there...
145) 5) text: All the while Mrs. Philippopolis issues a non-stop torrent of Greek expletives -- calmly and in a considered tone, but obviously obscene. Hector is shocked.
146) 0) text: On a street Hector stands with a Policeman watching Mrs. Philippopolis being loaded into the ambulance. Her SON is with her. When she is safely inside he walks towards Hector. Fortunately he is of modest build, and a head shorter than Hector, and he seems to be saving his wrath for the Courthouse.
146) 3) dialog: I'm sorry about your mother...
146) 5) dialog: What?
146) 7) dialog: Well, I wasn't planning to...
146) 12) dialog: I've talked to your mother, given her my best wishes... she wants her family with her now... Any other Friday but this one.
146) 15) text: The Policeman looks at Hector.
146) 17) text: The cop is enjoying his role as straight man to these two. Hector takes out his diary.
146) 18) dialog: Look, George... here's what I can do... I'll visit her on Tuesday, I'll organize some flowers... lots...
146) 21) dialog: They won't let me leave here...
147) 4) dialog: It's never been this bad, Boris. Deutsch is checking the insurance... did you bring the rest?
147) 6) dialog: What's with the we... it's your problem.
147) 8) dialog: She's a witch... her   bones must be made of steel... she   didn't break a thing... it might   help if you make a visit to the   hospital... why did you do this   to me?
147) 10) text: Hector doesn't let up on his anger.
147) 11) dialog: I told you to stop doing that... why does this keep happening to me... my name is mine... use your own name, Boris Borlonski... will you remember that? Boris Borlonski!
147) 14) text: Hector is calm now. We can sense real depth in their relationship, despite Boris's pranks.
147) 18) dialog: Yeah, I'm sorry too... you have to get out of this business... I thought I had...
147) 20) dialog: This is the worst it's been.
147) 22) text: Then Hector's girl friend ANNA arrives in her car. It is a bright pink station wagon, highly decorated with flower motifs and slogans like "ANNA'S ARRANGEMENTS," and "FRESH OR DRY, WE'LL PLEASE THE EYE." Anna is a florist. Hector brightens when he sees her. Everything is falling into place. All he has to do now is cross two rivers and Manhatan Island in under an hour, in Anna's pink car. He runs to meet her.
147) 24) text: Hector gets into the car, smiling broadly.
148) 1) dialog: You bring my bag?
148) 3) dialog: Sure.   Thanks.
148) 8) dialog: Not much... just like I'm being executed...
148) 10) text: Our Hectors have been hearing this for centuries, but at least Anna smiles when she says it.
148) 12) dialog: I'm glad you talked me into it.
148) 14) dialog: You're right... you're absolutely right... I was ready... I am ready, for everything... I'm fixing all that shit with Boris... I told him... it can't go on... I want my freedom.
148) 16) dialog: ... and the kids... that'll work out... we can have them over sometimes... Yeah?
148) 18) dialog: Right, when we have the space... when we get the bigger apartment... together...
148) 20) text: Hector is pleased with himself.
148) 24) dialog: Yeah... I said it, didn't I?
148) 26) text: Hector is high on his optimism now, and cheeky with it.
148) 27) dialog: Yes I am... Together... I said it ... and get out of my car at the corner here... I don't have the time to go 'round the block.
148) 28) text: Anna pulls into the curb. Hector leans over to embrace her before she has stopped the car.
148) 29) dialog: Thanks... for the car... everything...
148) 32) dialog: What?   Anna, I can't...
148) 36) text: Hector accepts this.
148) 43) text: Hector watches Anna stride, in her business-like way, around the corner OUT OF SIGHT. He is almost home.
149) 0) text: A trip from Queens to New Jersey at five o'clock on a Friday afternoon is going to look like a dream sequence whatever you do with it, and that's fine. Hector's trip to his children has more meaning for us than a simple journey from A to B. We will be aware of our other Hectors, and the journeys home that they did or didn't manage to make. This car trip will pull the threads together. And after so many images of the natural world, a world little altered by man, the PANORAMIC SHOTS of New York in all its mad glory will place our Hector in a new dimen- sion. If there is a breathtaking moment in this film, when everything comes together, when all the pieces fit, then it will be somewhere around here that it happens. Six thousand years ago we left Hector on a beach, aching for his family. If the traffic allows, tonight in New Jersey Hector will complete his journey. We will GO WITH Hector OVER the bridge, ACROSS the avenues of Manhattan and THROUGH the tunnel. His PHONE RINGS ONCE.
149) 1) dialog: Hello... Leonard, hello... yes... we're insured... thank God... yes now I know God's a lawyer... thanks...
149) 2) text: On the outskirts of Jersey City he finds the suburban street he is looking for. If the last crosslight holds on green then he might even make it on time. Hector stops the car outside Janet's house and lets out a sigh of relief.
150) 0) text: Hector's former wife, JANET, and her new husband, DONALD, come out of the house as Hector walks up to the door. Donald is carrying luggage and heads straight for their car in the driveway.
150) 5) text: He starts loading up the car.       Janet talks to Hector
150) 7) dialog: Why didn't you say? I could have fixed up something else. I thought it would be a good place to get to know them again...
150) 11) text: She hands Hector a piece of paper.
150) 13) text: Hector gets a little scared about what he has taken on.
150) 14) dialog: Maybe this is a bit sudden for them... Maybe I should have come over a couple of nights and got to know them...
150) 22) text: She turns to Hector.
150) 24) text: Hector is daunted by how grown up they are, not any more the little kids in the photograph in his wallet.
150) 25) dialog: Hi.
150) 31) text: Hector nods his head obediently. He always did with Janet. The children let their mother pat them and follow Hector to his car, eyes to the ground.
150) 35) text: The kids load themselves into the back of Hector's car. Betsy notices the huge arrangement of flowers, wrapped in cellophane and red ribbon. It seems to have grown even larger than before.
150) 37) text: Hector looks at the flowers.       His face contorts in g and anxiety.
150) 41) dialog: Oh no... Jesus save me... what have I done...
150) 44) dialog: No... I can't face it, not just now...
150) 46) dialog: Let's go.
151) 0) text: They are driving on the freeway. It is dusk. Hector is on the telephone again. He can't let go of business.
151) 1) dialog: Excuse me, kids... I have to consult the oracle...
151) 3) dialog: Hello... God? No, Leonard, it's Hector... just a joke... sorry to phone you at home, did Boris call you? The insurance is fine? Good ... but she could claim negligence ... oh, she's got a lawyer already? That's a bad omen...
151) 5) dialog: Is there anything we can do right now... make her an offer... Sure, with the insurance company... sure... you're right... me, too... I have the kids in the car with me right now... sorry to bother you... 'bye...
151) 9) dialog: That's it! The last call... the weekend starts right now... we have things to do... look out for a Safeway... we need some supplies... and gas... oh my God, gas... soon...
151) 11) dialog: Want to make any calls?    Betsy?
151) 13) dialog: Tom?
151) 15) dialog: But we called you Tom... that's what it says on your birth certificate...
151) 17) text: Hector wisely lets it go.
151) 18) dialog: Right... it's your name... you can do that... Safeway... keep your eyes skinned... and I could murder a Chicken McNugget.
152) 0) text: Hector is pushing a cart around a large Safeway. The place is almost deserted. Betsy and Thomas are tagging along.
152) 4) dialog: What's wrong with that? It's a kitchen roll... why can't I pick a kitchen roll?
152) 7) text: She picks up a more friendly brand of kitchen towel from the shelf and throws it into the cart. Hector has the sense to back down.
152) 8) dialog: Good point, Betsy...
152) 13) text: A trace of girlish common sense has crept into her voice. Hector warms to her.
152) 14) dialog: You're right.
152) 15) text: Hector pushes the cart to her.
152) 16) dialog: Well, get to it... I'll just tag along...
152) 23) text: Hector follows them up the aisle.
152) 24) dialog: Can I just keep a couple of those steaks? We can't live on chicken.                   *
153) 0) text: Hector is filling up the car in a gas station close to the Safeway. An attractive woman is filling her car in the next line. Her eyes and Hector's meet. For some reason they exchange the smallest smile. For a few brief moments they are talking without words as their tanks fill. The ten billionth romance in the history of the planet sparks into life and fizzles out again in the twinkling of an eye. By the time their credit cards are back in their pockets their love is a memory. From the back of the car the kids have watched it all. Betsy gives Hector a withering look of disapproval as he climbs back into the car.
154) 0) text: Back on the road, it is later. The kids have fallen asleep. Hector relaxes. He watches them in their sleep, searching for some traces of the little children that have haunted his thoughts for so many years, the tots he abandoned.
155) 0) text: The car pulls up at the holiday house. Hector gets out. It is dark, but we can hear the sound of the SEA and there is sand underfoot. Hector walks to the house and unlocks the door. He puts on a couple of exterior lights. He carries Thomas, still sleeping, from the car and into the house. Betsy follows him, still half-asleep, groaning fussily. She talks through her yawns.
155) 2) dialog: Don't mention the flowers.
156) 0) text: Later, Hector can't sleep. It has been too eventful a day. He sits bleary-eyed watching a late-night TV SHOW. A man sits cross-legged on a studio floor and is talking to a phone-in viewer. The TV man has five small stones which he regularly scatters on the floor.
157) 0) text: Next door, he watches the kids sleeping in their little holiday beds. Hector watches them. We've seen our Hectors do this before, and we feel the echo. But as he turns to leave the room Hector gets a fright.
157) 7) text: Hector is a confusion of feelings: frightened, fascinated, impotent. How can he help her? How could he possibly unravel the secret of the pancakes, what comfort could he offer his stranger daughter if he did? It is a spooky, mystical moment for Hector, more mystical than the mumbo-jumbo still issuing from the TV next door.
157) 9) text: Hector moves quietly out of the room, Betsy's sobs having subsided. Just as he is closing the door he gets another surprise, this time from the sleeping Thomas.
157) 11) text: Hector closes the bedroom door.     He is one spooked, mo human being.
158) 0) text: In the morning, they are making breakfast in the kitchen. The kids are having juice and cereal. Hector is scrambling some eggs.
158) 1) dialog: How about some eggs?
158) 6) dialog: You don't eat eggs?
158) 8) dialog: Three.   Is that all right?
158) 10) text: Hector does a little probing.
158) 11) dialog: How about pancakes, Betsy... d'you like pancakes?
158) 13) dialog: I just wondered. Pancakes don't mean much to you?
158) 15) dialog: Nothing.
158) 16) text: The mystery of Betsy's pancake dream is evidently lost in infinity. Hector changes the subject.
158) 17) dialog: I thought we could walk into town this morning. I saw the Funfair when we came through last night.
158) 19) dialog: Let's take the walk anyway.
158) 21) text: Hector is determined to make it work.
158) 22) dialog: No.   We're taking a walk.
159) 2) dialog: Here's an umbrella... and there must be some old coats in here... and shoes... I only have these I'm wearing...
159) 4) dialog: I don't know if I want to wear Donald's shoes.
159) 6) dialog: Wow.   Look at this. The kids' heights have been marked on the wall on some long-ago holiday. The dates are beside them.
159) 7) dialog: Six years ago. Look at that... What's this? He points to a mark and a date lower down on the wall.
159) 12) dialog: It comes up every year?
160) 0) text: They are on the beach, walking in the direction of town. Hector strides ahead in a show of enthusiasm, although awkward in Donald's big shoes. The kids trail behind. He calls back to them.
160) 1) dialog: Where are the birds?    Is it the wrong time of year?
160) 3) dialog: That's what Donald says?
160) 5) text: Hector looks at the sky.       He speaks quietly to himse
160) 6) dialog: Please don't rain... please...
161) 0) text: The light DRIZZLE now falling is keeping away what few fun-seekers there are left in town. The Funfair is not much fun. It is the end of the season. Hector and the kids are a sorry sight parading the empty alleys. The kids seem to glory in the misery of it all, getting back at Hector for four years of neglect. Heavy-hearted, Hector still tries to make a go of it.
161) 1) dialog: Let's have a ride...
161) 4) text: Hector triumphs. He pulls a wad of kitchen roll from his pocket and starts to wipe the seats.
161) 8) dialog: Kitchen roll, unbleached, re-cycled, biodegradable... dry seats...
161) 9) text: Betsy has the grace to smile as the three of them climb aboard the rockets. As the attendant releases the brakes and cranks them up into the drizzle, 'round and 'round, Hector knows that he has to do something to break the awful distance between him and his kids. He looks at them. They sit grimly in their rockets, one in front of him and one behind. Their faces are set in expressions of what? Boredom? Resignation? Patience? Expectancy? Then he realizes what is going on. They are waiting for him to open up to them, talk to them seriously, explain himself. He looks at Betsy's face and sees in it the years of his absence, her stoicism, her patience, her courage. It moves him. He leans over to her.
161) 10) dialog: This is ridiculous. Let's go somewhere and talk.
161) 13) text: Hector looks to Thomas. Thomas vigorously nods his agreement. Hector is happier. He looks down on the decrepit fairground.
161) 14) dialog: How do we land these things?
162) 0) text: The only place the small town has to offer is a deserted coffee shop on the shorefront. Hector, Betsy and Thomas sit at a corner table, beyond them through the window is the beach and the ocean.
162) 1) dialog: Sure you won't have a pancake,                          * Betsy?                                                  *
162) 7) dialog: Okay, first question?
162) 11) text: Hector begins like a story-teller embarking on a long saga.
162) 12) dialog: Well, that's a fair question... your mother and I got divorced... you're big enough to remember... she must have told you all that?
162) 14) dialog: You're right... what can I tell you... I went kind of crazy after that, for a good while... I came around a few times... remember?
162) 16) dialog: Well, it wasn't easy... everything with her and Donald happened pretty quickly. I missed you both really badly... but for a while I thought I should stay away, until your mother got settled... no, that's not really true... I missed you... but I was kind of crazy at the same time... your mother and I married young... I wasn't used to the freedom... it went to my head ... then you moved to New Jersey.
162) 21) dialog: You're right, you're right. I don't have too many excuses for the first year... the second year is easier... I was in jail.
162) 22) text: Hector is pleased with this.       A solid excuse.
162) 24) dialog: We were doing government work, big contracts... there were some temptations... my boss asked me to shuffle a few papers... there was a lot of money in it... I had to testify against him... it was like killing somebody.
162) 25) text: Hector thinks about this, remembering the pain. For us there is the echo of the real killing that was done long ago.
162) 27) text: Hector looks at Thomas.
162) 28) dialog: You did?
162) 30) dialog: Well I appreciate that... but I'm glad your mother didn't let you. I'll tell you all about it some day.  It was no fun. One year and eight months.
162) 35) dialog: I wasn't in great shape... I sure didn't want you to see me then... so I got back to work... in real estate... found a partner, we met                      * in jail...                                             *
162) 37) dialog: No. He's a good man, a good man.                       * I like him. I mean it. He's my                         * friend.                                                *
162) 39) dialog: Yes. We rent apartments... but we want to get into commercial property... people are a nuisance... does that sound bad?
162) 42) text: Hector carries on with his story.
162) 43) dialog: Just recently I've been feeling good, things have been going well... and I missed you two... so here we are...
162) 45) dialog: Who told you about her?
162) 47) dialog: Anna... she's nice... she wants to meet you, real soon... she sells flowers... well, you know that... and on Monday she's probably going to kill me...
162) 54) text: Hector has to think to remember.
162) 55) dialog: No... heck... no... did you think she was following us?
162) 58) dialog: She's right, Thomas... people should talk more.
162) 60) dialog: What do you mean? Is that what you thought? I was avoiding you two? No... you mustn't think that... that's terrible...
162) 61) text: They have almost exhausted themselves in this first bout of talking. Hector looks out at the sea.
162) 62) dialog: The rain's off. Let's go.
163) 0) text: Betsy and Hector are sitting on the sea wall, watching Thomas play on the beach. The sun is emerging.
163) 2) dialog: Go on.
163) 7) text: Hector is moved by the depth of her memory, her pain.
163) 8) dialog: I didn't leave because it was two days before your test... it was just what your mother and I decided... I taught you how to swim... we went to the pool twice a week... why would I leave?
163) 10) text: Hector looks at Betsy. She is beginning to cry silently. He puts a tentative arm around her shoulder.
163) 11) dialog: Oh, God, Betsy. I'm sorry.
163) 14) dialog: How did you do, in the test?
163) 16) text: Hector leaves his limp arm on her shoulder. It is too soon for gestures of emotion. After a long moment she speaks.
163) 18) text: Hector doesn't make the obvious comment. His emotions are full. He hides his feelings in a gruff call to Thomas.
163) 19) dialog: Hey, Thomas! We're going home... we're having a barbecue... Betsy said she'll even let me eat a steak!
163) 24) dialog: Don't call him Tom, he doesn't like it.
163) 26) text: Somehow Hector is touched by this.
163) 27) dialog: Your mother said it, when we split up... don't lose the children... didn't mean much at the time. But she was right.
163) 29) text: There is a silence.      Then Hector speaks.
163) 30) dialog: Betsy.    On Monday will you come with me   when I take the flowers back to   Anna? I can't face her alone.    She wants to meet you anyway.
163) 32) dialog: You'll be there, right beside me?
163) 34) dialog: Is that bad?
163) 36) text: Betsy and Hector are quite close now.
163) 37) dialog: Just tell them you were with your invisible dad.
164) 0) text: Hector and Betsy are walking on the shore.     Thomas tag along behind them.
164) 2) dialog: The funny thing is I fell in love with her before I ever saw her... I smelled her... It was the day I got out of jail... I was on the train and she was sitting behind me... it was just this incredible perfume... remember I'd been inside for nearly two years with four hundred sweating males... She got off the train and I followed her... I couldn't help it... that's how good she is... she listened to a bum who followed her off a train... Betsy looks at him kindly.
164) 3) dialog: ... but she's still going to kill me on Monday... They share a laugh.   Betsy looks out to the ocean.
164) 5) dialog: It's just like a big pancake up there, isn't it? Betsy doesn't take the bait.   There is a silence.
164) 6) dialog: I remember when you two were tiny.. I used to watch you sleeping... it was like now... I felt close to you, could touch you... but you weren't there... you were gone... dreamland ... just when I was closest to you, you weren't there... I felt it last night, too.
164) 11) dialog: I'm not smart about things like that, usually.
164) 13) dialog: No?
164) 15) text: She smiles. Hector is out of his depth with this daughter of his.
164) 16) dialog: Is that a joke?
164) 18) text: Hector looks at her in wonderment. One of those moments when another human being stands before you and is an utter mystery.
164) 19) dialog: Who are you?   Who's inside there?
164) 21) text: Future generations of women are going to be just as unknowable to our Hectors as past ones were. Betsy moves off briskly along the beach. Hector trails after her, hooked.
165) 0) text: Betsy and Thomas are in a small fragile rowboat, some distance from the shore. They are watching Hector who is collecting a pile of large stones on the beach. Another Hector and another pile of stones. This one is making a fire for the barbecue. These human rituals never stop.
166) 0) text: Hector turns from his work. Out at sea the kids look small and vulnerable. Hector is more anxious than he should be, out of practice at fatherhood. He calls to them.
166) 1) dialog: Come on in, kids... that boat doesn't look too safe...
166) 4) text: Hector tries to relax, but he doesn't have the confidence yet, or something. He is edgy.
166) 5) dialog: I've just found you... I don't want to lose you. What would I tell your mother... come on in...
166) 6) text: He walks down to the water. The kids reluctantly pull on the oars and bring the little boat in. A few feet from the beach they hit some sand. The boat sticks. Hector wades out in his shoes so far. Then he calls to Thomas.
166) 7) dialog: Throw me the rope, Thomas, I'll pull you in.
166) 8) text: Thomas throws the mooring rope to Hector. It isn't attached to the boat. Hector ends up with all of the rope in his hands. He stands there, and they all laugh.
166) 9) dialog: This is one useless piece of rope, Thomas...
166) 10) text: Just for a moment we have the image of our     Hector standing on the shoreline with a length of     rope. An image with an echo from six thousand years     ago. But this time Hector is laughing, and his kids     are safe.
167) 2) dialog: I used to know how to do this... They laugh a little.
167) 3) dialog: I did... I used to be really good at this... He wafts and blows ineffectually at a flicker of flame. There's not much of the caveman about him now.
168) 0) text: It is a calm dusk. Hector is turning the meat on the barbecue. He is in a splendid frame of mind.
168) 1) dialog: Ah... smell it... the smell of civilization... scorched meat... Hector serves the chicken onto their plates. He sits down beside them with his steak, and a glass of wine. He watches Thomas attack his chicken, and smiles.
168) 2) dialog: I'd forgotten that... how you eat... dedicated... like it's your religion!
168) 7) dialog: You used to hum to yourself too, when you ate... like everything was fine with the world.
168) 10) text: The early stars are appearing in the sky. Hector lifts his eyes to a bright point low on the horizon.
168) 11) dialog: There she is... old Mercury...
168) 13) text: Hector is impressed by his son.
168) 14) dialog: I'd forgotten... we used to watch the stars... you could tell me the names of all the planets... you could recite them like a poem... remember... at the tiny window upstairs in the old house?
168) 16) dialog: Oh well, not to worry. I'm glad you still like astronomy though.
168) 18) dialog: Uh-huh?
168) 23) dialog: This is at school?
168) 25) dialog: Sounds like Donald said that...
168) 26) text: Hector realizes how far his kids have travelled from him. He looks at them.
168) 27) dialog: Well, I'm glad you two are thinking about the old planet. I'm proud of you. Look how beautiful everything is. Sometimes I think it's people that make it all wrong... we walk around with all our problems...
168) 30) text: Hector stands to fetch another baked potato from the fire We see the three of them in a WIDE SHOT, the evening sky now pulsing with more and more points of light. Hector's voice and laughter carry to us.
168) 31) dialog: Don't worry, you two... I'll tell you... it's just a big, black sheet up there with holes in it so the light comes through... that's the truth... the very latest...
168) 32) text: Hector has come to rest, and found peace at last, however temporary, here on the beach, beneath the same stars that our first Hector wailed at six thousand years ago. On Monday he will face the music. The kids will go back home, Mrs. Philippopolis will have to be dealt with, and the wilting three hundred dollar bouquet of flowers. In general, life will take over, on Monday. But at this moment of calm on the beach, let's leave him while he's ahead.
168) 37) dialog: No... I'll tell you... the whole thing... stars and everything... is sitting on the skin of a bubble of milk in a bowl of cornflakes... and somebody's just about to eat it...
168) 41) dialog: Okay... it's half-and-half...
168) 42) text: Perhaps that's just about as close as Hector and his tribe of humans will ever come to working it all out. But they try.
168) 44) dialog: Don't mention flowers, Betsy... please, not tonight.
168) 46) dialog: I have an idea, Betsy... we're                         * inside a pancake... what d'you                         * think?                                                 *