12) 0) text: The Raiders are loading up their boats, wading back and forth from the shoreline. Hector watches from cover. His family are already on one of the boats, awaiting whatever lies ahead, too afraid to betray real emotion. The last of the Raiders on shore wade out the short dis- tance to the boats. Hector watches these moments of departure, watches the faces of his family. Hector makes his move. In a mad act he breaks cover and runs down toward the departing boats. The last Raiders are climbing aboard. Hector charges at full speed to the water's edge. He screams agonizingly at the Raiders and impotently starts throwing stones at them. The Raiders all look at him. The LEADER is impudently brushing Hector's missiles aside, like so many flies and smiling. Suddenly Hector's rage and energy leave him. He stands looking at the Raiders and they look at him, for a long moment. The Raiders are all young men, hardly into their twenties, and nowadays might resemble something like a motorcycle gang. But in Hector's time they are men in the full prime of life. They begin to laugh and exchange remarks about Hector. He returns their looks fiercely. His woman and children sit on the boat, frozen in fear. The Leader eventually turns from Hector, still smiling and gives an order. The men lift their oars and prepare to leave. Then an older man stands up in the other boat. He calls over to the Leader, nodding in the direction of Hector. Hector doesn't know what they are saying, but they have an intense exchange, obviously centered on him. The older man seems to be an adviser, a priest or wise man, although he's still only about thirty years old. The Leader listens to him intently. The PRIEST talks and points to the cliffs. The Leader looks there and nods his head. He gives some instructions to his men. Hector stands, bemused. Six or so of the Raiders leave the boats, wade ashore and without any resistance from him, take hold of Hector. Hector's children instictively rise as if to defend their father, but Deirdre, despite her own feelings, wisely holds them back.
13) 0) text: Hector's hands have been bound with rope. He is being led up to the top of the cliffs. The Priest and the Leader walk on ahead, still talking intensely. At the top of the cliff the bay and the boats and the wide sea are stretched out beneath them. The Priest, as they arrive, becomes excited. He points to a pile of large stones at the very summit of the headland. The mound of stones is obviously man-made.
13) 2) dialog: What do we do? Do we throw you over, is that the idea? Hector doesn't understand.    He looks at him blankly.
13) 3) dialog: He wants me to throw you over. What does it do? Does it help the sun? Should I throw you over? The Leader tries to help Hector understand by miming the act of throwing him off the cliff. Hector doesn't know how to respond.
13) 5) dialog: What's it got to do with the sun?
13) 10) dialog: No.  It's too much of a risk. Just add a stone to the pile. Let him go. That's the best we can do.  Let's go.
13) 13) text: The Leader strides off back toward the beach. The others follow him, giving a final look or smile to Hector, apart from the Priest, who looks him up and down, regretting that he is not by now a corpse in the ocean. Hector watches them go, too shocked still to react in any mean- ingful way. He stands alone, trying to unpick the rope that binds his hands. When they are some distance from him, Hector starts to follow them, at first running to catch up and then simply trotting after them. The Raiders are aware of him behind them. The Leader eventually stops and calls to Hector.
13) 14) dialog: Off you go.   We don't want you.
13) 15) text: He turns from Hector   and moves on. Hector persists in following them. They    are his only connection now with anything that thinks   or feels in the world. His link with them is all that   is left. Again and again the Leader stops to shoo   Hector away, but Hector dumbly tag along behind.
14) 0) text: The Raiders wade out to the waiting boats. Hector follows to the very water's edge, then stands and bleakly watches them. The Raiders prepare to move off. Hector is an embarrassment to them now. At the last moment the Leader gives a brusque order to one of his men. The man clambers out of the boat and wades ashore again, carrying a large flint-bladed knife. He comes out of the water and walks up to Hector. Hector is beyond any form of reaction. He will take whatever is offered to him. The man comes close, the knife held ready. He stands in front of Hector for a moment. On the boat, Hector's family are tense with fear for his life.
91) 0) text: Civilization has taken hold quickly in this little corner of Africa. Dom Paulo, the leader, already has a table and chair set up in the sand, and behind him SAILORS are erectig a tent-like house, made from timbers and rich tapestries and carpets. The others are making their own shelters all along the beach. A regular little community is taking shape, a crazy, rich-textured village decked ou in all the colors of the East. The silks and ginghams that were destined for the finest halls in Europe now giv shelter to sick slaves, starving sailors, ruined traders and grieving mothers.
109) 0) text: The meeting of the two leaders is weird and wonderful to see. The ragged Europeans, already scanning the baskets of the Natives for signs of solid food, somehow still muster an absurd sense of their own importance for the occasion. The Natives, excited and curious, trying to contain their exuberance so that they don't miss a single detail of this most significant day. Many of the Natives have climbed into the trees, either out of timidity or to get a better view The trees around the meeting place are dripping with bodies, like human fruit. Hector slips into the crowd as the NATIVE KING is in mid-speech. When he has stopped talking the Slave begins to haltingly translate.