143) 17) text: The Detective and Hector walk down the hall. They stop at the door of the bathroom. Hector looks inside. There is a large ragged hole in the floor. At the far side of it the toilet unit dangles at a dangerous angle into the hole, held only by its plumbing. Firemen are working to secure it and what is left of the floor with metal props and hydraulic jacks. Lying on the floor below, surrounded by rubble, and being attended by the paramedics, is an old lady, MRS. PHILIPPOPOLIS. She tries to sit up when she sees Hector peering at her over the rim of the hole. She looks angry.
143) 28) text: As if in response, Mrs. Philippopolis shouts up to Hector as she sees him leaving the bathroom above her.
143) 29) dialog: Wait 'til my son sees his mother lying here like this... he's gonna sue you... you're a lousy landlord... you should be ashamed... to let old people live like this... I phoned you Monday... I have a witness! I was dancing with a prince on my eighteenth birthday, and now look at me... you have me falling down a toilet!
144) 23) text: During the call Hector has walked   down the hall and bac to the hole in the floor. He sees    Mrs. Philippopolis, now strapped in a stretcher, being   carried out of the room below. At the sight of him,    she tries to sit up, straining on her straps.
144) 24) dialog: My son's downstairs... when he sees me like this he'll kill you... go on... jump through the hole... see what it feels like! Break both legs!
145) 5) text: All the while Mrs. Philippopolis issues a non-stop torrent of Greek expletives -- calmly and in a considered tone, but obviously obscene. Hector is shocked.
146) 0) text: On a street Hector stands with a Policeman watching Mrs. Philippopolis being loaded into the ambulance. Her SON is with her. When she is safely inside he walks towards Hector. Fortunately he is of modest build, and a head shorter than Hector, and he seems to be saving his wrath for the Courthouse.
168) 32) text: Hector has come to rest, and found peace at last, however temporary, here on the beach, beneath the same stars that our first Hector wailed at six thousand years ago. On Monday he will face the music. The kids will go back home, Mrs. Philippopolis will have to be dealt with, and the wilting three hundred dollar bouquet of flowers. In general, life will take over, on Monday. But at this moment of calm on the beach, let's leave him while he's ahead.