48) 7) text: There is an Irish lilt to his voice which colors what he is saying with a tinge of mischief. He is a difficult fellow to pin down. Hector looks at him amusedly, still sharing his thoughts silently with the woman, BEATRICE. The Nun interrupts the Priest cheerfully.
48) 8) dialog: She's already received the last rites, before she left her family. She belongs to God now... Don't you?                    *
56) 11) text: The Nun puts an arm around the Girl.
56) 15) dialog: We're going. God will protect his ewe lambs.                                          *
60) 0) text: The Priest is with some seriously wounded soldiers, laid out in a corner of the farmyard. Whether he is a bogus priest or not, Ronald is taking his duties seriously. There is a little of the rogue about him now. He sees the Nun and the little Girl preparing to leave. They have acquired a mule. They mount up, the Girl behind the Nun, and plod off through the farmyard. They stop briefly beside the Priest to say their farewells.
60) 2) text: He talks to the Nun as they move off.
60) 4) dialog: Three or four days.
60) 6) dialog: They're not killing nuns, yet.
60) 11) dialog: He's nowhere to be seen.
61) 0) text: The Nun's mule turns out of the farmyard and heads off along the track. A few Soldiers are burying some of their dead nearby. The Nun watches this and doesn't see what the Girl sees on the other side, the mingled bodies of Hector and Beatrice, all pretence at grooming now gone, engaged in fervent lovemaking. It's probably the first and last that the Girl will see. A smile flickers across her face before she turns away forever. Ahead of her there might be many a bleak night in her convent when she will remember the image, and that same smile will return to her lips.
95) 0) text: Hector goes inside his little    house. He puts his back to the entrance and opens the    canvas sack which contai all his possessions. He pulls     out his prize, a sizeab chunk of bread and some dried    fruit. He guiltily gnaws at the hard bread. He is surprised by the sound of the boy, Nuno outside.
95) 9) text: Nuno makes to leave, but then hesitates.
95) 11) text: Nuno is looking down the beach to the remains of the raft on the shoreline. The shapes of the two Deserters chained there can just be seen.
95) 16) text: Nuno looks disappointed. His eyes turn again to his playmate tied to the raft.
95) 18) text: Nuno is silent, unconvinced.
95) 20) text: Nuno stomps away in silence.       Hector shouts after hi cheerily.
108) 0) text: Hector is enjoying the   freshness of the day. We see him climb over a dune   and then as he nears the summit duck and retreat down   the slope again. Cautiously he crawls up the dune and   looks over to the other side. He is watching a young Girl and the boy Nuno. They are twelve or thirteen years old. They are coyly in the early stages of making love, the Boy lying close to the Girl, kissing her, beginning to caress her. Their love-making is poised oddly between child's play and eroticism. It's their day of discovery and it is like a dream of love. The Boy is just about to   discover some more and is fumbling with the Girl's   clothing, when he looks up and catches sight of Hector.    Hector ducks down but knows h has been seen and decides   to brazen it out. He stands up in full view of them.
110) 0) text: The remains of the cow hang on the spit over the large fire the survivors have made on the beach. Small groups of people sit around it, gnawing on the roasted flesh. The image is once again timeless, the elements of it simple; man, fire, flesh, food. One cow doesn't go far between a hundred starving people. Some are still on their feet by the large fire. Now and then a hand will dart out over the flames to snatch a bone hanging loose or a tasty-looking piece of gristle. They are the survivors of the pack, if any will be. Hector is, of course, among them. He    risks the searing heat to pull at a couple of blackened   bones. He sees Nuno, the boy he chased away from the   Girl earlier in the day. Nuno is sitting by himself,    staring vacantly at the fire, licking his fingers. Hector sits down in the sand beside him. Nuno hardly notices him until Hector offers him one of his bones. Nuno grabs it.
110) 6) text: Nuno follows Hector's example. Hector allows him to feel the benefit of his gift before he starts to talk.
110) 11) text: Nuno is taking it rather well.      Hector regains his natural self-confidence.
110) 16) text: Nuno shyly nods his head.
110) 28) text: This doesn't produce much of a response. Hector tries again. He starts to chuckle to himself and nudges Nuno in the ribs.
110) 30) text: Nuno shakes his head.
117) 12) text: Nuno remains silent.