56) 20) text: An OFFICER comes into the room.
56) 21) dialog: Is there a blacksmith here? Where's the smith?
56) 23) text: The Officer looks at the moaning suit of armor, then at the astonished group of Travellers. He picks on the Priest.
56) 24) dialog: You, Priest, come here... get to work on him... he's not ready for heaven yet... there's a hundred thousand livres on his head if I get him to Paris alive... Start                         * praying... there's fifteen livres in it for you if he lives...
56) 25) text: The Priest obediently goes up to the knight and starts to pray earnestly. The Officer turns to the Soldiers.
56) 29) dialog: Get that helmet off... get hammers, anything you can find...                      * and one of you get back down into the valley and fetch an armorer.
58) 0) text: Ronald the Priest still kneels by the inert knight in armor. The boy Squire still sits by his father's head. Ronald mumbles quietly to himself in prayer. The knight is deathly still, no sight or sound of breathing or moaning. The suit of armor seems to grow even more rigid as we look at it. There is no sense of it containing life. The Officer re-enters the room from outside.
58) 1) dialog: How is he?
58) 3) dialog: Leave him for a while. There are a few souls out here you can help on their way to heaven. Ten sous a soul to you... come on.
58) 4) text: The Officer leaves.       Ronald quickly follows him outs
91) 5) dialog: Eighty men. Ten women. Eighteen children and forty-five slaves.
91) 7) text: The Officer leaves to carry out his orders.    Dom Paulo addresses another of his men, Da Cunha.
97) 0) text: The sun has risen sharply, soaring out of the ocean. It blinds the eyes of those in the little execution party making their way along the beach. The cross-cum-scaffold has been erected some way from the camp. Most people are  attending to their morning chores with one eye on the grim act of justice being carried out along the shore. Our view of the hangings will be from the distance of the camp; marionette figures, men dancing on ropes, the form- ality of legal death. The priest and the executioners. It takes a while for the people in the camp to become aware of the other observers up on the dunes. Three figures stand in full view, boldly, silently, watching the camp and the pantomime at the scaffold. The word passes around the camp. Eyes pass between the executions and the tall natives watching.   The first man is already dangling on the rope by the time that Dom Paul and his officers are discussing the appearance of the natives.
101) 0) text: The tide is sweeping more wreckage into the bay. Barrels and boxes and timber bob in the waves. People make their way to the shoreline to retrieve these new gifts from the sea. The whole of the camp is eager and shouting. They bring in the boxes and barrels. A whole harmonium is man- handled ashore. Some boys drag it up onto dry sand and start to work its bellows. At first only water spurts from it, but then a watery note or two is emitted. The mood soon becomes festive. Dom Paulo makes his way down to the shore to make the celebrations official. By now the first of the newly-arrived crates are being opened. Inside are eggs, many, many large eggs, in crate after crate. An OFFICER brings the first of the eggs to Dom Paulo.
101) 1) dialog: Turtles' eggs, sir... Doctor Correa was shipping them to the Royal Zoo... I think they hoped some of them would hatch.
105) 0) text: The Officers and Dom Paulo are selecting items for barter from their crates and boxes of valuables. Hector and other notables are also there. Cheap goods, a box of rosaries and crucifixes made of common beads, for example, are being gone through and suitable junk selected for gifts. They talk as they work.
109) 8) text: He begins to open up his coat and shirt. The four Officers do the same. The King and a few of his atten- dants take a step or two forward and peer at the exposed white European bellies. They look at one another and mumble solemnly. Then they step back. Dom Paulo and the Officers fix their clothing and re-muster their dignity. The King is enjoying himself.    He speaks again to the Slave, who then translates.
109) 10) text: The King takes a deep breath, then nods to Dom Paulo. Dom Paulo and the Officers do as they are told. The King joins them, and for a few moments there is a kind of communion between them. Then everyone joins in. It is a strange, poignant moment, all the Natives and all the Europeans united in the simple act of breathing. Dom Paulo regains his composure.    He speaks to the Slav
109) 15) text: Dom Paulo steps forward to the King. An Officer brings a wrapped cloth. Dom Paulo opens it, letting the King see the pieces of broken copper inside.
109) 21) text: Various Officers raise their eyebrows at this.
109) 27) text: It is impossible to know if the King is being naively polite or hugely clever. Dom Paulo's Officers enjoy a muted titter as he peels off his precious rings and gives them to the King, replacing the worthless baubles around his own neck. The King begins talking again. The Slave translates.
111) 0) text: Dom Paulo and the Priest and some of the Officers are having a more formal meal at Dom Paulo's table outside his shelter. An argument is in progress between Dom Paulo and GASPAR DIAS, the navigator. Gasper Dias has drawn a rough map which lies on the table.
116) 0) text: Next morning the camp on the beach     is being broken up The place is like a junkyard. The      amount of damage t a hundred and fifty people can do     to a beach in two d is impressive. Dom Paulo and the      officers watch the With them are some messengers from     the king, and the Slave translator. One of the messengers is talking.     When he finishes, t Slave translates.