12) 0) text: The Raiders are loading up their boats, wading back and forth from the shoreline. Hector watches from cover. His family are already on one of the boats, awaiting whatever lies ahead, too afraid to betray real emotion. The last of the Raiders on shore wade out the short dis- tance to the boats. Hector watches these moments of departure, watches the faces of his family. Hector makes his move. In a mad act he breaks cover and runs down toward the departing boats. The last Raiders are climbing aboard. Hector charges at full speed to the water's edge. He screams agonizingly at the Raiders and impotently starts throwing stones at them. The Raiders all look at him. The LEADER is impudently brushing Hector's missiles aside, like so many flies and smiling. Suddenly Hector's rage and energy leave him. He stands looking at the Raiders and they look at him, for a long moment. The Raiders are all young men, hardly into their twenties, and nowadays might resemble something like a motorcycle gang. But in Hector's time they are men in the full prime of life. They begin to laugh and exchange remarks about Hector. He returns their looks fiercely. His woman and children sit on the boat, frozen in fear. The Leader eventually turns from Hector, still smiling and gives an order. The men lift their oars and prepare to leave. Then an older man stands up in the other boat. He calls over to the Leader, nodding in the direction of Hector. Hector doesn't know what they are saying, but they have an intense exchange, obviously centered on him. The older man seems to be an adviser, a priest or wise man, although he's still only about thirty years old. The Leader listens to him intently. The PRIEST talks and points to the cliffs. The Leader looks there and nods his head. He gives some instructions to his men. Hector stands, bemused. Six or so of the Raiders leave the boats, wade ashore and without any resistance from him, take hold of Hector. Hector's children instictively rise as if to defend their father, but Deirdre, despite her own feelings, wisely holds them back.
13) 0) text: Hector's hands have been bound with rope. He is being led up to the top of the cliffs. The Priest and the Leader walk on ahead, still talking intensely. At the top of the cliff the bay and the boats and the wide sea are stretched out beneath them. The Priest, as they arrive, becomes excited. He points to a pile of large stones at the very summit of the headland. The mound of stones is obviously man-made.
13) 1) dialog: I told you! I knew they did it around here! Ask him... The Leader moves closer to Hector and talks to him in a friendly, reasoning tone.
13) 4) dialog: I tell you, it's one man, one stone. It'll help the voyage. The Leader is unsure. He walks around the pile of stones, checking it out from all sides as if it was some infernal machine that he didn't know the workings of. He squats down and squints through it to the watery sun emerging from the clouds far out to sea. He looks across to Hector, now sitting on the grass. The Leader sits down beside him. They sit together like friends. The ageless intimacy of sacrificer and victim.
13) 6) dialog: I don't know, yet. The Leader looks at Hector.    Then he makes up his mind.
13) 11) text: With that, he stands up. The Priest, with some       sens ceremony, looks around for a large stone, picks      one and places it on top of the pile. He waits for       a mo almost as if he expects some consequence of his      acti
13) 12) dialog: It's meaningless, without him going over the cliff.
13) 13) text: The Leader strides off back toward the beach. The others follow him, giving a final look or smile to Hector, apart from the Priest, who looks him up and down, regretting that he is not by now a corpse in the ocean. Hector watches them go, too shocked still to react in any mean- ingful way. He stands alone, trying to unpick the rope that binds his hands. When they are some distance from him, Hector starts to follow them, at first running to catch up and then simply trotting after them. The Raiders are aware of him behind them. The Leader eventually stops and calls to Hector.
48) 4) dialog: We want to praise God because we live in this ultimate age, when all things are done, all is known, all the wonders of his creation revealed to us... nothing more for man to see or do... all that is left is the hope of salvation... even for our humbler sisters...
48) 6) dialog: Yes weep, child, weep for joy... you are a glorious example to us all... already a child of God's... blessed to spend your earthly days within his church as Christ's servant... what generous parents you have... giving you to the sisters... What a sacrifice.                            *
48) 7) text: There is an Irish lilt to his voice which colors what he is saying with a tinge of mischief. He is a difficult fellow to pin down. Hector looks at him amusedly, still sharing his thoughts silently with the woman, BEATRICE. The Nun interrupts the Priest cheerfully.
48) 10) dialog: Fortunate child, destined for paradise. Untouched by the abiding curse of carnal lust.   I struggle against it...
48) 15) dialog: I will not join myself carnally with any woman...
48) 17) dialog: ... I will carry my unspilt seed from this world to the next... as should every man...
48) 18) text: Now Hector is getting the hard looks from the Priest.
48) 19) dialog: ... If all men forsook forever the fleshy temptations... and held womankind to barrenness... think how much the sooner would come the day of judgement... all God's chosen gathered in paradise... I've               * written a small treatise in favor                 * of virginity, sister. We could                    * discuss it later if you like...                   *
48) 20) text: The DRIVER of the wagon turns his head briefly to the Priest.
48) 22) text: Hector gestures to Beatrice that he is leaving the wagon to walk for a while and asks her to join him. She shakes her head with a smile. Hector smiles, too, then jumps down from the wagon and, walking slowly, allows it to gain ground in front of him. The ramblings of the Priest fade away.
48) 23) dialog: It's simple, brother... if we cease carnal union entirely then in fifty or so years we'll all be rid of our earthly lives and God can proceed with His reign over His heavenly kingdom... that same paradise that God gave to man before, but which man was so unfit to inhabit that within seven hours Eve was already tempting her master and mate, and within nine hours the Lord had to expel the both of them! Just think, they                    * messed it up in nine hours!                       *
49) 0) text: Hector smiles as the Priest's VOICE FADES into the dis- tance. It is a  cold fresh day of early summer. They are travelling high in the mountains. Hector dawdles on his way, eating a hard biscuit he takes from his pocket. The last sound he hears from the wagon is the renewed WAILING OF the GIRL. Hector lays himself down at the side of the road. His eyes begin to close. Then a SOUND in the distance makes him open them again. He listens. MORE SOUNDS drift up to him from the floor of the valley. He stands up and crosses the track. At first he can see nothing. He walks back along the rim of the road. Then he sees where the noise is coming from. A mounted skirmish is in progress, just where a wooden bridge crosses the small river, at the very bottom of the valley There are no more than 30 knights in full armor, with twice as many foot soldiers and squires. Even from such a distance Hector can see and hear that the fighting is ferocious, almost insane in its intensity. From this distance it is like a puppet show, except the violence is real. The scene places Hector in his time and for us there is a strange feeling to it, almost as if Hector has awoken from sleep and found himself transported to some distant age. But this is not the case. Hector is where he belongs, in Medieval Europe. Hector makes his decision. With a last look behind him he runs off in the direction of the wagon. Like any wise citizen of a violent age, Hector knows when to leg it.
52) 0) text: The Farmer and his Wife have laid out a table with simple food, a stew, bread and wine. The travellers settl down to eat. The Priest, however makes a performance out of his more modest needs. He calls loudly to the wife working at the open fire.
52) 4) dialog: Just bread and water for me, Mistress. I have no need of wine or meat.
54) 0) text: Hector creeps cautiously into the dark kitchen. The figure has gone to the pantry and can be heard RUMMAGING there. Hector creeps closer and sees that it is the Priest. He already has a chicken leg between his teeth as he hunts for a cup for the jar of wine tucked under his arm. He emerges from the pantry. He sees Hector standing by the table. They recognize one another and relax. The Priest doesn't re-enter his holy act. He speaks normally, cheekily.
54) 1) dialog: God, I'm starving. Do you think I dare heat that up on the fire?
54) 3) dialog: No... I'll eat it cold... I deserve to suffer.
54) 8) dialog: Have some wine.
54) 11) dialog: So, the mad knights are at it again... what were they, Swiss or English?
54) 13) dialog: It might help us get through... if there's a bit of confusion... we'll still travel separately though, for now.
54) 14) text: The Priest changes his tone of voice, mocking his own holy act.
54) 15) dialog: But, Hector, you must keep out of the way of temptation... I saw the way you were eyeing up that widow... now stay away from that... although she is beautiful, is she not... but we're going home, remember.
54) 18) dialog: Look at her eyes... hungry eyes... she could lead you into trouble... she smells like paradise, though.
54) 23) dialog: Listen, Hector, let's get this clear... if anyone's going to dally with that widow it'll be me... you couldn't handle her... she'd bewitch you... at any rate, you're not a sinning kind of fellow, are you... why don't you get off up the road tomorrow, and I'll catch you up, in five or so days...
54) 24) text: Hector doesn't answer, but smiles. The Priest has stirred thoughts that he had intended to dampen entirely.
54) 25) dialog: You're not a sinning fellow, remember... another month and we'll be at the channel, then home... the little ones you only talk about when you're drunk... don't forget them...
54) 26) text: Hector still remains silent.        The Priest is worried
54) 27) dialog: Why do I always talk so much... you weren't even thinking of her 'til I opened my mouth... but I trust you... don't worry. I know you wouldn't do anything to anger your God, or me. Get me some bread.
54) 28) text: Hector obeys the Priest without thought.        The Pries happier now that he is in control again.
54) 29) dialog: Who saved your neck in Venice?
54) 31) text: Hector approaches the Priest with the bread.
54) 32) dialog: And don't you forget it.
54) 34) dialog: May the Lord forgive us our sins, those we have committed and those we as yet only dream of. She's a glory of a woman.
56) 4) text: Hector talks to the company, but means his words for the Priest.
56) 6) text: The Priest looks him straight in the eye.
56) 7) dialog: The fighting's behind us, brother ... you'll be safe enough.
56) 10) dialog: You should go.
56) 23) text: The Officer looks at the moaning suit of armor, then at the astonished group of Travellers. He picks on the Priest.
56) 25) text: The Priest obediently goes up to the knight and starts to pray earnestly. The Officer turns to the Soldiers.
56) 30) text: The Soldiers scatter to   carry out their orders. Hector takes time to watch the   Squire still kneeling beside hi father, quietly stroking   the helmet. Ronald the Priest mutters every prayer he   can remember. The suit of armor twitches and MOANS. Hector looks at Beatrice and motions for her to follow him outside. The Priest looks on helplessly as they slide past the table and head for the door.
57) 0) text: More soldiers have continued to make their way to the shelter of the farm. Everywhere is the chaos of war. Wounded men lie awaiting the attentions of either the medicos or the priest. Prisoners huddle in cowed groups. Everyone looks for food. Individual soldiers, like lost souls, run here and there trying to regroup with their comrades. The youngest are squires of twelve or thir- teen, the oldest are red-faced, overweight knights in expensive armor. Hector and Beatrice have found a quiet corner where they can sit and talk. Behind them is a group of soldiers, reserves who have not yet joined the battle. They are much fresher than the rest and are drilling as a disci- plined unit. Their movements are a strange cross between parade ground drill and battle training. To the BEAT of DRUMS they perform rhythmic, hypnotic movements, repeating the same pattern over and over again. A deadly dance, thrusting their pikes in unison. They become like one evil, inhuman machine. It is mesmerizing to watch, all the more so in relation to the coy seduction scene that Hecto and Beatrice are acting out. They have the problem of not sharing a language, but, resourceful as lovers are, they soon employ this as another titillating element in their love-play.
58) 0) text: Ronald the Priest still kneels by the inert knight in armor. The boy Squire still sits by his father's head. Ronald mumbles quietly to himself in prayer. The knight is deathly still, no sight or sound of breathing or moaning. The suit of armor seems to grow even more rigid as we look at it. There is no sense of it containing life. The Officer re-enters the room from outside.
58) 2) dialog: Sleeping now... at peace, for the moment.
60) 0) text: The Priest is with some seriously wounded soldiers, laid out in a corner of the farmyard. Whether he is a bogus priest or not, Ronald is taking his duties seriously. There is a little of the rogue about him now. He sees the Nun and the little Girl preparing to leave. They have acquired a mule. They mount up, the Girl behind the Nun, and plod off through the farmyard. They stop briefly beside the Priest to say their farewells.
60) 1) dialog: Goodbye, little girl... the Lord will bless you, I know, in his house.
60) 3) dialog: How long for you on the road?
60) 5) dialog: Good luck to you.
60) 7) dialog: The Saxon, won't he go with you?
60) 12) text: The Priest watches them go, and then returns to his duties with the wounded.
62) 0) text: The Priest is kneeling beside a young wounded Soldier. He is close to death, but in his youth is fighting it. He is frightened, and clings to the presence of Ronald.
62) 3) dialog: Lie still, Peter...
62) 6) dialog: Peter...
63) 0) text: The Priest makes his way upstairs in the darkness. He yawns, a long, contented yawn. He has completed the hardest day's work that he has undertaken as a priest, if he really is a priest. If he is not, then the pre- tence has been just as exhausting. He wants to sleep.
65) 0) text: The Priest wakes up. Outside he can hear the first sounds of the day, the murmuring VOICES of Soldiers in the yard, the CLATTER OF MILK PAILS. In the room it is still semi-dark. The Priest sits up. The others have already left, but Beatrice is there, stretching herself and fixing her hair. Hector is not with her. She smiles at the Priest. Then, in another part of the room, Hector emerges from what looks like a pile of clothing, sits up and smiles too.
66) 0) text: Hector is washing himself by the stream that flows close by the yard. He drinks a handful of water for breakfast. The Priest sees him from the farmyard and comes to join him. Hector is in a cheerful mood, pleased with himself and his success with Beatrice. The Priest is sullen, reproachful.
66) 2) dialog: There's nothing wrong with helping someone to die in peace. They want me to go with them.
66) 4) dialog: Are you staying here?
66) 7) dialog: She'll do you harm. I told    you. She might be a witch. Wait    for me. I still have the money     from Venice. We can be home in    a month.
66) 14) dialog: So, you're leaving?
66) 16) text: The Priest walks back up to the farm. Hector calls out what might be an attempt at an apology or simply another taunt.
66) 18) text: The Priest looks back at him briefly, then walks on.
67) 0) text: Hector and Beatrice have packed their few belongings into a shoulder bag. They turn out of the farmyard and walk down the main track. Hector catches a last glimpse of the Priest being helped onto the back of a horse, behind a Soldier. He is ridden off in the opposite direction with the rest of the troop. Other battles lie ahead to be blessed, and more battered bodies requiring comfort. Hector and   Beatrice are enjoying the first pulse- quickening   flush of their intimacy, and the thrill of knowing it   will go further. They chatter freely, despite not   sharing a language.
93) 19) text: Dom Paulo turns to the Priest.
93) 21) text: The Priest throws open his arms noncommittally.
93) 22) dialog: I'll comfort them whether they live or die, now or later, any of you, all of you... I'll comfort you all.
97) 0) text: The sun has risen sharply, soaring out of the ocean. It blinds the eyes of those in the little execution party making their way along the beach. The cross-cum-scaffold has been erected some way from the camp. Most people are  attending to their morning chores with one eye on the grim act of justice being carried out along the shore. Our view of the hangings will be from the distance of the camp; marionette figures, men dancing on ropes, the form- ality of legal death. The priest and the executioners. It takes a while for the people in the camp to become aware of the other observers up on the dunes. Three figures stand in full view, boldly, silently, watching the camp and the pantomime at the scaffold. The word passes around the camp. Eyes pass between the executions and the tall natives watching.   The first man is already dangling on the rope by the time that Dom Paul and his officers are discussing the appearance of the natives.
111) 0) text: Dom Paulo and the Priest and some of the Officers are having a more formal meal at Dom Paulo's table outside his shelter. An argument is in progress between Dom Paulo and GASPAR DIAS, the navigator. Gasper Dias has drawn a rough map which lies on the table.