5) 0) text: Hector is tiring, too. With the Girl still awkwardly clinging to his neck he is picking his way up a steep slope, half-dragging the Boy up behind him. He stops for a breath and sees the raiders moving into the valley below. In a moment of utter panic he lets go of his son, drops the Girl from his shoulder, and runs on alone. We can sense the moment of release in his unburdened flight. But it doesn't last long. Some way up the slope he stops and turns. He sees his children, only now beginning to work out what has happened, and the raiders below. He can't do it. Even as the Girl calls to him he is running back down the hill, feeling the first stab of a guilt that will never leave him.
8) 0) text: Hector has returned to the area of the tree. He slows down some distance away and just in time. He sees a figure standing beneath the tree. He moves forward to the protection of some rocks, and watches. He is close enough to hear the voice of the solitary Raider, although he doesn't understand the words. The Raider looks up into the branches and talks in a friendly, persuasive way.
8) 1) dialog: It's too cold to spend all night up there. We've got a fire at the beach. Food, too.
8) 2) text: There is no response from the tree.    The Raider coaxes again.
8) 3) dialog: Come on! Your mother's down there. She's happy... she's warm, too... and full... she wants to see you... she sent me...
8) 4) text: His friendly tone of voice has an effect. There is movement in the branches. Hector can see the dark shapes of his two children clambering down. The Raider stretches out his arms and helps the Boy to the ground.
8) 8) dialog: That was easy, eh? You're half asleep already, little girl. I'll carry you.
8) 9) text: Hector watches the Raider and his children move slowly off, down the hillside, the Raider carrying the Girl in one arm and holding the Boy's hand. They almost look like a family.
9) 0) text: It is fully dark now. On the beach the Raiders have set up a comfortable camp with a large fire. We are still with Hector. He has come down from his bleak hiding place in the hills. The smell of fire and food and con- cern for his family, have drawn him here. He is hiding somewhere way off from the camp, but close enough to observe it. What he sees disturbs him, but for odd reasons. His family appear to be happily integrated with the Raiders. His two children have become fast friends with the man who coaxed them from the tree. His woman is with a larger group closer to the fire. They are playfully attempting to communicate with her, and although still a little timid, she is smiling. There is no hint of bar- barity, rape or abuse. That was not the intention of the Raiders. To them, a fertile woman and two healthy children are as gold will be to plunderers of later ages. For their part, the family have to accept the situation. Food and shelter are the best that life can offer. Painfully, Hector takes in the reality of the scene. His family have been stolen from him, plain and simple. In the morning they will be gone, out to sea and round the headland forever. He watches them for a while longer, then it becomes too painful. He retreats into the dark- ness and up into the empty hills again.
12) 0) text: The Raiders are loading up their boats, wading back and forth from the shoreline. Hector watches from cover. His family are already on one of the boats, awaiting whatever lies ahead, too afraid to betray real emotion. The last of the Raiders on shore wade out the short dis- tance to the boats. Hector watches these moments of departure, watches the faces of his family. Hector makes his move. In a mad act he breaks cover and runs down toward the departing boats. The last Raiders are climbing aboard. Hector charges at full speed to the water's edge. He screams agonizingly at the Raiders and impotently starts throwing stones at them. The Raiders all look at him. The LEADER is impudently brushing Hector's missiles aside, like so many flies and smiling. Suddenly Hector's rage and energy leave him. He stands looking at the Raiders and they look at him, for a long moment. The Raiders are all young men, hardly into their twenties, and nowadays might resemble something like a motorcycle gang. But in Hector's time they are men in the full prime of life. They begin to laugh and exchange remarks about Hector. He returns their looks fiercely. His woman and children sit on the boat, frozen in fear. The Leader eventually turns from Hector, still smiling and gives an order. The men lift their oars and prepare to leave. Then an older man stands up in the other boat. He calls over to the Leader, nodding in the direction of Hector. Hector doesn't know what they are saying, but they have an intense exchange, obviously centered on him. The older man seems to be an adviser, a priest or wise man, although he's still only about thirty years old. The Leader listens to him intently. The PRIEST talks and points to the cliffs. The Leader looks there and nods his head. He gives some instructions to his men. Hector stands, bemused. Six or so of the Raiders leave the boats, wade ashore and without any resistance from him, take hold of Hector. Hector's children instictively rise as if to defend their father, but Deirdre, despite her own feelings, wisely holds them back.
13) 13) text: The Leader strides off back toward the beach. The others follow him, giving a final look or smile to Hector, apart from the Priest, who looks him up and down, regretting that he is not by now a corpse in the ocean. Hector watches them go, too shocked still to react in any mean- ingful way. He stands alone, trying to unpick the rope that binds his hands. When they are some distance from him, Hector starts to follow them, at first running to catch up and then simply trotting after them. The Raiders are aware of him behind them. The Leader eventually stops and calls to Hector.
14) 0) text: The Raiders wade out to the waiting boats. Hector follows to the very water's edge, then stands and bleakly watches them. The Raiders prepare to move off. Hector is an embarrassment to them now. At the last moment the Leader gives a brusque order to one of his men. The man clambers out of the boat and wades ashore again, carrying a large flint-bladed knife. He comes out of the water and walks up to Hector. Hector is beyond any form of reaction. He will take whatever is offered to him. The man comes close, the knife held ready. He stands in front of Hector for a moment. On the boat, Hector's family are tense with fear for his life.