47) 0) text: Later, the ship is still making brisk progress. Thalia and Hector are sitting on deck, some distance from one another. They are quieter now, more thoughtful. Hector catches her eye. Hector is drawn by her smile and moves to join her. They sit quietly, absorbed in thought, thoughts of each other, their looks and smiles tell us that. As if they are talking without words. Hector looks around him. A sailor on the forward deck is sorting out some rope, an echo of a previous time and place. The wind catches the sailor's hat. He grabs it from the air and spends time arranging it once more on his head, just so. A tiny human moment.
48) 0) text: A man is driving a heavy two-horse wagon. The wind has just lifted his hat from his head. He spends some time replacing it carefully, just so. Watching him from the back of the wagon is Hector. The drama of the lives of Thalia and Hector      has play itself out long ago. Between the breath of       sea bree that lifted the hat of the Roman sailor and      the gust mountain wind that snatches the hat of the      wagoner, 1400 years. Hector sits   in the wagon beside a woman. There are tantalizing   similarities between their situation and th one we left   Thalia and Hector in on the boat a few moments ago,   1400 years ago.
89) 19) dialog: Never mind the three crowns... a side of beef would do... or a drink of clean water.
89) 22) dialog: It's full of Africans too.
91) 0) text: Civilization has taken hold quickly in this little corner of Africa. Dom Paulo, the leader, already has a table and chair set up in the sand, and behind him SAILORS are erectig a tent-like house, made from timbers and rich tapestries and carpets. The others are making their own shelters all along the beach. A regular little community is taking shape, a crazy, rich-textured village decked ou in all the colors of the East. The silks and ginghams that were destined for the finest halls in Europe now giv shelter to sick slaves, starving sailors, ruined traders and grieving mothers.
93) 1) dialog: They ran off with the dry bread...                     * about eight of them, sir...                            *
93) 4) text: He speaks again to the Sailor.
93) 51) text: He turns to the Sailors holding the Deserters.
118) 5) text: Two sailors, like stagehands, enter and remove the table, leaving Dom Paulo and Father Diogo propless on the beach.
119) 0) text: The trek from the beach to the village has started. A long line of people, including some local natives, carry the sick in crudely-made litters. Even this short trip is hard.  Somewhere in the line six sailors manhandle the harmonium up the jungle path.
120) 0) text: There is a sense of bustle in the native village as the European sick are settled into their huts and the others prepare to depart. Emotional farewells take place in dark corners of the small huts. A group of unmoved sailors are playing cards in the dirt. In amongst the bustle Hector is looking for Francisco. He finds him taking some of his possessions into a hut.