17) 0) text: Above the heat and filth there is a different world. A clean, beautifully tiled world of lazing figures, droning conversations and resonant laughter. It is the hot room of a bathhouse somewhere in the Roman Empire. We have advanced 4000 years into the future and it shows in the technology. It is men's day at the bathhouse. All of the people relaxing in the water look prosperous and comfortable with themselves. Slaves wait in attendance, some around the edge of the pool, others in the water rubbing backs and massaging shoulders. There are three or four times as many slaves as bathers, and the proprie- torial way that they look after their masters gives the place the odd atmosphere of a kindergarten for over- indulged grown-ups. And then we find our Hector. He stands against the wall, holding a large towel. Although clean-shaven and more healthy-looking we can still recognize Hector, more so by the look in his eyes. There is a set to his face that tells us he is a man alone, emotionally detached from his surroundings. He is a personal body slave. He watches his master in the pool, alert to any hint of need that he might have. Hector's master LUCINNIUS is not as relaxed as the others around him. He is in anxious conversation with an older man wading beside him. We don't hear what they are saying but there is enough body language to detect Lucinnius' pleading and the older man's cool distraction. The older man gives a final dismissive shake of his head. Hector immediately moves to the side of the pool with the towel Lucinnius climbs out of the water.
20) 0) text: This is not the grandeur of Rome, but the dusty main street of a provincial capital in Greece or Spain or North Africa. It is difficult to tell from the people because they are such a cosmopolitan crowd, faces from every corner of the Mediterranean world. It has some- thing of the atmosphere of a frontier town in a western, except that here the half-finished buildings are made of brick and stone. Lucinnius leaves the bathhouse. Hector follows three paces behind him, loaded down with the large towel, the scrubber, robe, and the wooden stool. The stool goes with them everywhere, in case Lucinnius has to stop in the street and converse with a friend. Other notables are among the street throng, their own slaves tagging along behind with their little wooden stools. Some have whole trains of slaves shadowing them. Human status symbols. Lucinnius stops near some street stalls. Hector stops beside him.
20) 10) text: As Hector is given the food and pays for it, he sees another man, JULIAN, approach Lucinnius, trailed by TWO SLAVES. One of them is carrying a folding chair much more substantial than Lucinnius's. Julian and Lucinnius greet one another and sit down to talk, Lucinnius at something of a height disadvantage. The Two Slaves move off to one side. Lucinnius's mood has brightened since the arrival of his friend. Their conversation seems open and friendly. Hector gives his master his food, and then moves to join the Two Slaves, hearing a snatch of the conversation as he goes.
20) 12) text: Hector offers to share his bread with the other Two Slaves. They easily fall into conversation, inevitably, about their masters.
20) 30) text: Lucinnius and his friend stand and exchange their final words, unaware of the scrutiny they have been under, or so used to it that they are oblivious to it. Hector and the Slaves hurry to gather up the seats and take thei positions behind their masters. The casualness of their conversation has gone, and they resume the formality of their roles.
24) 0) text: Late at night, Hector is still awake. He rises from his bed and quietly moves out of the room. He is careful not to disturb the sleeping forms lying all around him, some of them sprawled on the floor. He shares his bed- room with at least eight other slaves. Privacy is a master's privilege.
29) 0) text: Hector and Lucinnius are approaching the home of Cyprian. Hector as usual is walking some paces behind his master, and he carries a large satchel of documents. Cyprian's home is a street palace. It is early in the morning, but there is already activity around the house, visitors coming and going, messengers, petitioners. A few impor- tant callers arrive in litters, carried by slaves. Lucinnius and Hector even have to join a line at the door and are checked in by the gateman. Lucinnius's hopes of quietly bending Cyprian's ear are dashed. It seems as if the whole world owes allegiance to this provincial Mr. Big.
30) 0) text: The slaves gather on one side of the courtyard, gossiping and playing games of chance on the ground. Their masters wait on the other side of the courtyard, seated on benches along the wall. Cyprian's aides usher the visitors into his presence in a regular flow, some have an audience of a few minutes, others last merely seconds. Hector keeps an eye on Lucinnius, like a mother watching her child from a distance on its first day at school.
33) 0) text: Hector is in   the inner courtyard of the house, beside t kitchen. He    is talking to GALLUS, who is Lucinnius's ten-year-old   son. Hector has a close friendship with him. As we    listen to their conversation it becomes cle that Hector   finds comfort in the boy, for the family th he lost. Today there is an air of distraction about Hector. Understandable, considering his scheduled death. The kitchen slaves come and go as they talk.
35) 0) text: A dead chicken adorns Lucinnius's table. He and his wife, DALMIA, and their son are lying on their couches picking at the food with their fingers. Lucinnius is drinking more wine than usual. Hector and the other household slaves are in attendance. Thalia is also there, serving her mistress. Dalmia knows something is up, but she doesn't know what. She attempts to break the silence. She calls on the cook from the kitchen.
35) 2) text: The kitchen slave quickly appears.
35) 8) text: He looks again at Lucinnius and Hector. They look at each other. Thalia looks at Hector. Dalmia looks at them all looking at each other, more intrigued than she was before. A SLAVE interrupts them.
35) 9) dialog: Two men have come to see you. From Cyprian.
91) 0) text: Civilization has taken hold quickly in this little corner of Africa. Dom Paulo, the leader, already has a table and chair set up in the sand, and behind him SAILORS are erectig a tent-like house, made from timbers and rich tapestries and carpets. The others are making their own shelters all along the beach. A regular little community is taking shape, a crazy, rich-textured village decked ou in all the colors of the East. The silks and ginghams that were destined for the finest halls in Europe now giv shelter to sick slaves, starving sailors, ruined traders and grieving mothers.
92) 0) text: Hector and Andre are walking through the half-built village.  Andre is carrying Hector's possessions, a rolled-up carpet and a bolt of colorful cloth. We feel an echo of the days when Hector was a slave, walking two paces behind with his master's possessions. Hector finds what he is looking for. Francisco is working on a shelter for himself and Ursula, with the help of some slaves. Hector approaches him, making another attempt to heal wounds from his past.
98) 0) text: A solitary SLAVE makes his way up from the camp to the natives on the dunes. Everyone in the camp watches as he approaches them. There is tension. Will the natives run or fight or talk. They begin to talk. The natives seem most interested in the hangings, and point in that direction, asking questions. The Slave makes an attempt at explaining what is happening, but the natives seem baffled. They start laughing and shaking their heads. By now the second figure is dangling on the rope, the cross making an efficient double-gallows.
100) 0) text: The Slave approaches Dom Paulo outside his tent.
100) 1) dialog: They want to make a visit here... with their King... he will bring gifts, and will receive gifts. They said not to sacrifice anymore                     * men for them... they don't like that...
109) 0) text: The meeting of the two leaders is weird and wonderful to see. The ragged Europeans, already scanning the baskets of the Natives for signs of solid food, somehow still muster an absurd sense of their own importance for the occasion. The Natives, excited and curious, trying to contain their exuberance so that they don't miss a single detail of this most significant day. Many of the Natives have climbed into the trees, either out of timidity or to get a better view The trees around the meeting place are dripping with bodies, like human fruit. Hector slips into the crowd as the NATIVE KING is in mid-speech. When he has stopped talking the Slave begins to haltingly translate.
109) 1) dialog: He was excited when he heard you had come, but he wants to know if you are real people... he didn't think you would be such a strange color... so he wants to see your...
109) 3) dialog: ... so that he will know that you were born like real people...
109) 8) text: He begins to open up his coat and shirt. The four Officers do the same. The King and a few of his atten- dants take a step or two forward and peer at the exposed white European bellies. They look at one another and mumble solemnly. Then they step back. Dom Paulo and the Officers fix their clothing and re-muster their dignity. The King is enjoying himself.    He speaks again to the Slave, who then translates.
109) 9) dialog: He wants to see you breathe.
109) 12) text: The Slave speaks to the King. The King listens and talks back for a long time. Then the Slave translates again.
109) 13) dialog: He has heard of white men very,                       * very far away... this way... but you have to cross many rivers... twenty big rivers...
109) 26) dialog: He says he could not accept such a treasured gift, something of such value to your family... instead he would be happy to take one or two of the old rings you have on your fingers... but please do not insist that he take your necklace...
109) 27) text: It is impossible to know if the King is being naively polite or hugely clever. Dom Paulo's Officers enjoy a muted titter as he peels off his precious rings and gives them to the King, replacing the worthless baubles around his own neck. The King begins talking again. The Slave translates.
109) 28) dialog: He will give you guides to help                        * you across the first of the big rivers... it is ten days from here...
109) 33) text: The Slave continues.
109) 34) dialog: ... and he asks you to be ready to leave the beach in two days time... he cannot permit you to stay longer...
109) 36) dialog: Because with the new moon the turtles will arrive and lay their eggs... you may frighten them... you must be gone...
116) 0) text: Next morning the camp on the beach     is being broken up The place is like a junkyard. The      amount of damage t a hundred and fifty people can do     to a beach in two d is impressive. Dom Paulo and the      officers watch the With them are some messengers from     the king, and the Slave translator. One of the messengers is talking.     When he finishes, t Slave translates.
116) 1) dialog: Yes... they will look after the sick... but the King would like one thing... the machine that makes music...