36) 0) text: The two VISITORS that await Lucinnius and Hector are an unpromising sight. They are big men, unsophisticated and look uncomfortable in their well-cut togas. A couple of the godfather's foot soldiers. They greet Lucinnius deferentially, but he knows that they would break his back at the whim of their master.
49) 0) text: Hector smiles as the Priest's VOICE FADES into the dis- tance. It is a  cold fresh day of early summer. They are travelling high in the mountains. Hector dawdles on his way, eating a hard biscuit he takes from his pocket. The last sound he hears from the wagon is the renewed WAILING OF the GIRL. Hector lays himself down at the side of the road. His eyes begin to close. Then a SOUND in the distance makes him open them again. He listens. MORE SOUNDS drift up to him from the floor of the valley. He stands up and crosses the track. At first he can see nothing. He walks back along the rim of the road. Then he sees where the noise is coming from. A mounted skirmish is in progress, just where a wooden bridge crosses the small river, at the very bottom of the valley There are no more than 30 knights in full armor, with twice as many foot soldiers and squires. Even from such a distance Hector can see and hear that the fighting is ferocious, almost insane in its intensity. From this distance it is like a puppet show, except the violence is real. The scene places Hector in his time and for us there is a strange feeling to it, almost as if Hector has awoken from sleep and found himself transported to some distant age. But this is not the case. Hector is where he belongs, in Medieval Europe. Hector makes his decision. With a last look behind him he runs off in the direction of the wagon. Like any wise citizen of a violent age, Hector knows when to leg it.
55) 0) text: Overnight, the remnants of a company of soldiers, fresh from battle, have collected in the courtyard. Some are tired, dispirited, others are wounded. Our Travellers watch from the farm window. A few mounted knights come into the yard, herding in front of them a small group of prisoners, well-dressed knights and squires.
56) 16) text: Suddenly the door is thrown open and four SOLDIERS man- handle an inert body, dressed in full armor, into the room. They scatter the food from the table and lay out the MOANING suit of armor on it. A young SQUIRE follows them in and kneels by the knight in the suit. The MOANS are MUFFLED because the knight's helmet has been battered out of shape in the battle and can't be removed. The ugly dent suggests an equally ugly wound inflicted on the head inside. The Soldiers gingerly try to remove the helmet. Their efforts are useless. Blood oozes from the joints of the helmet. The MOANING suit of armor seems inhuman, robot-like.
56) 17) dialog: Must be sore in there.   Is it your dada?
56) 25) text: The Priest obediently goes up to the knight and starts to pray earnestly. The Officer turns to the Soldiers.
56) 30) text: The Soldiers scatter to   carry out their orders. Hector takes time to watch the   Squire still kneeling beside hi father, quietly stroking   the helmet. Ronald the Priest mutters every prayer he   can remember. The suit of armor twitches and MOANS. Hector looks at Beatrice and motions for her to follow him outside. The Priest looks on helplessly as they slide past the table and head for the door.
57) 0) text: More soldiers have continued to make their way to the shelter of the farm. Everywhere is the chaos of war. Wounded men lie awaiting the attentions of either the medicos or the priest. Prisoners huddle in cowed groups. Everyone looks for food. Individual soldiers, like lost souls, run here and there trying to regroup with their comrades. The youngest are squires of twelve or thir- teen, the oldest are red-faced, overweight knights in expensive armor. Hector and Beatrice have found a quiet corner where they can sit and talk. Behind them is a group of soldiers, reserves who have not yet joined the battle. They are much fresher than the rest and are drilling as a disci- plined unit. Their movements are a strange cross between parade ground drill and battle training. To the BEAT of DRUMS they perform rhythmic, hypnotic movements, repeating the same pattern over and over again. A deadly dance, thrusting their pikes in unison. They become like one evil, inhuman machine. It is mesmerizing to watch, all the more so in relation to the coy seduction scene that Hecto and Beatrice are acting out. They have the problem of not sharing a language, but, resourceful as lovers are, they soon employ this as another titillating element in their love-play.
60) 0) text: The Priest is with some seriously wounded soldiers, laid out in a corner of the farmyard. Whether he is a bogus priest or not, Ronald is taking his duties seriously. There is a little of the rogue about him now. He sees the Nun and the little Girl preparing to leave. They have acquired a mule. They mount up, the Girl behind the Nun, and plod off through the farmyard. They stop briefly beside the Priest to say their farewells.
61) 0) text: The Nun's mule turns out of the farmyard and heads off along the track. A few Soldiers are burying some of their dead nearby. The Nun watches this and doesn't see what the Girl sees on the other side, the mingled bodies of Hector and Beatrice, all pretence at grooming now gone, engaged in fervent lovemaking. It's probably the first and last that the Girl will see. A smile flickers across her face before she turns away forever. Ahead of her there might be many a bleak night in her convent when she will remember the image, and that same smile will return to her lips.
62) 0) text: The Priest is kneeling beside a young wounded Soldier. He is close to death, but in his youth is fighting it. He is frightened, and clings to the presence of Ronald.
62) 1) dialog: My name is Peter... don't forget ... tell everybody that was my name... Peter...
62) 4) dialog: That's it, Peter... tell everybody ... write it... don't forget it... Peter... tell them Peter died here ... my name is Peter... Peter... say it again.
65) 0) text: The Priest wakes up. Outside he can hear the first sounds of the day, the murmuring VOICES of Soldiers in the yard, the CLATTER OF MILK PAILS. In the room it is still semi-dark. The Priest sits up. The others have already left, but Beatrice is there, stretching herself and fixing her hair. Hector is not with her. She smiles at the Priest. Then, in another part of the room, Hector emerges from what looks like a pile of clothing, sits up and smiles too.
66) 10) dialog: We're moving soon, Father.
67) 0) text: Hector and Beatrice have packed their few belongings into a shoulder bag. They turn out of the farmyard and walk down the main track. Hector catches a last glimpse of the Priest being helped onto the back of a horse, behind a Soldier. He is ridden off in the opposite direction with the rest of the troop. Other battles lie ahead to be blessed, and more battered bodies requiring comfort. Hector and   Beatrice are enjoying the first pulse- quickening   flush of their intimacy, and the thrill of knowing it   will go further. They chatter freely, despite not   sharing a language.