23) 11) text: Hector does as he is told. He takes the torch from Thalia and discreetly leaves the room, hearing Lucinnius as he closes the door.
26) 2) text: It is Thalia. We can tell that they are close.      Hecto sits down beside her.
26) 4) dialog: What's happening?
26) 9) dialog: She doesn't like him.
26) 11) text: Thalia looks out towards the sea.
26) 12) dialog: Why does the thunder always stay out on the ocean?
26) 13) text: Hector puts an arm around Thalia. At first it feels strange, their physical intimacy alongside their matter- of-fact conversation, but gradually we understand it, the giving and taking of comfort where it can be found, and the realness of their friendship. Their stroking and touching and holding becomes good to watch. We get a feeling for what they have given one another, in stolen hours and half hours, up here on the roof, the only place where they can be themselves.
26) 17) dialog: Then what?
26) 23) dialog: We talk about going home. Yours is that way and mine is that way... your family is that way.
26) 25) dialog: It's what you talk about.
26) 27) dialog: I don't understand. I think you'll leave. You're going to leave me here.
26) 29) dialog: Well.   We stay here.   He'll survive.
35) 0) text: A dead chicken adorns Lucinnius's table. He and his wife, DALMIA, and their son are lying on their couches picking at the food with their fingers. Lucinnius is drinking more wine than usual. Hector and the other household slaves are in attendance. Thalia is also there, serving her mistress. Dalmia knows something is up, but she doesn't know what. She attempts to break the silence. She calls on the cook from the kitchen.
35) 8) text: He looks again at Lucinnius and Hector. They look at each other. Thalia looks at Hector. Dalmia looks at them all looking at each other, more intrigued than she was before. A SLAVE interrupts them.
42) 0) text: Thalia is sleeping in a large pallet bed on the floor with two other women. Hector gently shakes her shoulder, trying not to wake the others. After a moment or two Thalia opens her eyes.
43) 0) text: The shadowy cloaked figures making their way down to the harbor are Hector and Thalia. Nearer the harbor we sense the nighttime work of loading and preparing ships for the morning tide. By the light of oil lamps cargos are manhandled aboard, voices shout, WINCHES CREAK. Hector encounters a night WATCHMAN, but diverts his suspicion by boldly addressing him.
43) 3) text: With an authoritative nod, Hector strides off in the direction of the noise and lights, Thalia at his heels. Hector talks when the Watchman is out of earshot.
43) 5) dialog: And then?   Then you go home?                          *
44) 0) text: Hector and Thalia approach a ship heavily laden with timber. Final supplies are being carried aboard, super- vised by two men on the quay. Hector approaches them.
44) 6) text: He indicates a man standing on the rear deck. Hector and Thalia climb up the gangplank and approach him.
45) 0) text: Hector and Thalia are asleep, huddled together in a cor- ner of the ship that they have claimed as their quarters. A CREWMAN comes and shakes Hector awake. He stirs himself to the sounds of a SHIP UNDERWAY, the sounds of the SEA- WASH, the WIND in the CANVAS, the MOANS of the TIMBERS.
45) 2) text: Hector wakes Thalia and they clamber out of the darkness of the hold onto the brightest, freshest of days at sea.
46) 0) text: There is no sign of land behind them. The ship is moving swiftly in a strong, clean breeze and a light sea. We can tell from Thalia's reactions that she has never been out at sea before, at least never above deck. Every- thing is novel to her and it shows, even the movement of the ship. Her excitement is childlike.
46) 1) dialog: Where's the land gone?
46) 3) dialog: Have you been on a ship before?
46) 5) dialog: Me, too, but they kept us down there. She points down into the lower depths of the hold.   Then she gets even more excited.
46) 6) dialog: Tonight... we'll be where the thunder is! They look at each other and then all around them. The freshness of the day and on an overwhelming feeling of freedom, exhilarate them. Their senses and their feelings, are in new territory. They are like children in a brand-new world. The Captain on the other side of the ship, beckons them.
46) 15) text: Hector and Thalia look at each other. The Captain smiles at them and looks back to the ships, coursing healthily on their way.
47) 0) text: Later, the ship is still making brisk progress. Thalia and Hector are sitting on deck, some distance from one another. They are quieter now, more thoughtful. Hector catches her eye. Hector is drawn by her smile and moves to join her. They sit quietly, absorbed in thought, thoughts of each other, their looks and smiles tell us that. As if they are talking without words. Hector looks around him. A sailor on the forward deck is sorting out some rope, an echo of a previous time and place. The wind catches the sailor's hat. He grabs it from the air and spends time arranging it once more on his head, just so. A tiny human moment.
48) 0) text: A man is driving a heavy two-horse wagon. The wind has just lifted his hat from his head. He spends some time replacing it carefully, just so. Watching him from the back of the wagon is Hector. The drama of the lives of Thalia and Hector      has play itself out long ago. Between the breath of       sea bree that lifted the hat of the Roman sailor and      the gust mountain wind that snatches the hat of the      wagoner, 1400 years. Hector sits   in the wagon beside a woman. There are tantalizing   similarities between their situation and th one we left   Thalia and Hector in on the boat a few moments ago,   1400 years ago.