39) 5) text: Lucinnius sits back on the step of the washing pool, holding his stomach. Hector sits down beside him. They both look down at the blade, still in Lucinnius' body.
39) 23) text: Lucinnius' voice is fading now. Hector waits, then reaches down for the knife in Lucinnius' stomach. We see on his face the effort as he pulls at it, and do we detect a subtle twisting of the blade to speed Lucinnius on his way? Lucinnius sighs and twitches a little. It's as if the life flows out of him as the knife is released from the wound. His voice is even more faint.
49) 0) text: Hector smiles as the Priest's VOICE FADES into the dis- tance. It is a  cold fresh day of early summer. They are travelling high in the mountains. Hector dawdles on his way, eating a hard biscuit he takes from his pocket. The last sound he hears from the wagon is the renewed WAILING OF the GIRL. Hector lays himself down at the side of the road. His eyes begin to close. Then a SOUND in the distance makes him open them again. He listens. MORE SOUNDS drift up to him from the floor of the valley. He stands up and crosses the track. At first he can see nothing. He walks back along the rim of the road. Then he sees where the noise is coming from. A mounted skirmish is in progress, just where a wooden bridge crosses the small river, at the very bottom of the valley There are no more than 30 knights in full armor, with twice as many foot soldiers and squires. Even from such a distance Hector can see and hear that the fighting is ferocious, almost insane in its intensity. From this distance it is like a puppet show, except the violence is real. The scene places Hector in his time and for us there is a strange feeling to it, almost as if Hector has awoken from sleep and found himself transported to some distant age. But this is not the case. Hector is where he belongs, in Medieval Europe. Hector makes his decision. With a last look behind him he runs off in the direction of the wagon. Like any wise citizen of a violent age, Hector knows when to leg it.
93) 36) text: A lot of hands go up. Hector hesitates, his instincts are not for killing. But the force of the majority weighs on him. He starts to raise his hand. At that moment, as he scans the crowd, he meets the eyes of the Deserter whose death they are voting on. For a moment they communicate. Hector is thrown. He drops his hand, only to find in the next instant the stern gaze of Salgado on him. He hesitates again, then starts to raise his hand. Then the eyes of the Deserter find him once more. This comic pantomime goes on while a solid majority of the crowd firmly raise their hands.
95) 20) text: Nuno stomps away in silence.       Hector shouts after hi cheerily.
97) 0) text: The sun has risen sharply, soaring out of the ocean. It blinds the eyes of those in the little execution party making their way along the beach. The cross-cum-scaffold has been erected some way from the camp. Most people are  attending to their morning chores with one eye on the grim act of justice being carried out along the shore. Our view of the hangings will be from the distance of the camp; marionette figures, men dancing on ropes, the form- ality of legal death. The priest and the executioners. It takes a while for the people in the camp to become aware of the other observers up on the dunes. Three figures stand in full view, boldly, silently, watching the camp and the pantomime at the scaffold. The word passes around the camp. Eyes pass between the executions and the tall natives watching.   The first man is already dangling on the rope by the time that Dom Paul and his officers are discussing the appearance of the natives.
109) 37) text: The mention of turtles' eggs almost turns the stomachs of most of the survivors, even the fit ones. The King and his followers walk back into the forest. Soon the survivors are alone again, with the lost- looking cow the Natives have left. A doomed cow if ever there was.
150) 17) text: Then the children come out of the house, BETSY, who is about thirteen, and TOM, who is eleven.
150) 28) dialog: Hi.
151) 4) text: Betsy and Tom are listening in the back seat, eager for clues about this virtual stranger in front of them.
151) 14) dialog: No... and it's Thomas...