4) 6) dialog: Don't worry-we won't. And they cut Lawson down, the bullets raking across his body and the cans.
7) 0) text: A man comes out of the shadows on the dock and watches the explosion, the fiery lights splashing onto his face. It's Cooke - the "garbage man."
25) 0) text: Cooke is at the wheel. Matrix (in a tropical suit) and Bennett are in the rear seat, SULLY and HENRIQUES on foldout seats facing them. BENNETT (TO MATRIX)
73) 16) text: I don't know, but Cooke knows. I could take you where I'm supposed to meet him. MATRIX
84) 2) text: (whispers, urgent) It's Cooke. Let him in... Matrix moves into the bathroom and turns on the shower. Cindy tears the covers off the bed, musses up her hair and unbuttons her blouse to show some cleavage. Matrix and Cindy edge up to the door and Matrix flattens himself aginst the wall close to the door. Cont. A85     42
84) 3) text: 141 Cont. He nods to Cindy and she opens the door a crack so the chain is still locking the door. Cooke, standing, outside, looks through the crack at her. COOKE (ALERT)
84) 5) text: He's in the shower. Cooke listens a beat to the running shower. R COOKE
84) 7) text: Room service... Cooke looks back through the door at her. Matrix, at the inside edge of the door,is holding_his gun, ready to fire. Matrix can only see Cindy. COOKE
84) 8) text: Open the door. Cindy unlocks the chain and opens the door. COOKE
84) 9) text: Move out of the way. Cindy moves away from the door. Matrix tenses, ready to attack. Cooke looks into the room at the rumpled bed, suitcase and fast food containers. The shower SOUNDS continue to echo from the bathroom. Cooke cautiously enters the doorway. WHAM! Matrix SLAMS the gun against the brawny Cooke's head. Cooke crashes back against the wall, but doesn't go down. He grabs Matrix's gun hand by the wrist and the two of them STRUGGLE for the gun. BLAM! BLAM! The gun FIRES into the ceiling as they wrestle around the room. They BREAK a table and CRASH into a chest of drawers. Cont. A85     43
84) 11) text: Cindy moves to help Matrix. BLAM! The gun FIRES again, SHATTERING the lamp near Cindy, making her duck for cover. Cooke slowly FORCES the gun toward Matrix's face. The barrel gets CLOSER... CLOSER... then almost points right at Matrix. With a sudden SURGE of power, Matrix lifts Cooke off the ground, pushes him toward the wall and the two of them CRASH RIGHT THROUGH THE DOOR into the adjoining room. 142 ADJOINING ROOM
84) 12) text: A twenty-year-old couple in bed look up in shock as Matrix and Cooke bounce off their bed and SLAM against the wall. BLAM! The gun FIRES, SHATTERING the mirror above the young couple and they SCRAMBLE to safety on the floor on the other side of the bed. Matrix and Cooke come off the wall and SLAM onto the floor, the gun coming out of Matrix's hand. Cooke picks it up before Matrix can reach it. Cooke points the gun right at Matrix's face, pulls back the trigger, then smiles. COOKE
84) 13) text: Fuck you, asshole. He pulls the trigger. CLICK. No more bullets in the bun. The blood drains from Cooke's face. Matrix looks at him. MATRIX
84) 14) text: Fuck you, asshole... He BLASTS Cooke in the jaw and Cooke goes backward through the broken door and falls to the floor. 143 ORIGINAL ROOM
84) 15) text: Matrix races back through the broken door, starts toward Cooke, then stops cold. Cooke has fallen on the broken, sharp table leg and the leg goes into his back and comes out of his chest. Cont. A85     44
84) 16) text: 143 Cont. Matrix bends down to the barely alive Cooke. MATRIX
84) 17) text: Where is she, Cooke? Cooke looks blankly back at him. MATRIX
84) 18) text: Cooke... Cooke!! Cooke's eyes go cold and still. He's dead. Cindy approaches and swallows as she looks down at his body, the stake coming out of his chest. Matrix starts emptying Cooke's pockets. There's a wallet containing only cash. Matrix tosses it to the floor. He brings out a lighter and a package of cigarettes, examines the lighter, then tosses both objects to the floor. He pulls out two keys on a key chain. They're car keys. Matrix leaps to his feet. MATRIX