31) 23) dialog: Excuse me, I'm sorry to interrupt, but are you the Secretaries of Juliet?
31) 25) dialog: Great. So which one of you wrote this letter to my grandmother, Claire Smith? Sophia can't believe it. How fantastic! She steps forward
31) 27) dialog: It was a very thoughtful letter.
31) 29) dialog: Now if you wouldn't mind telling me what the hell you were thinking? A deathly silence. This is not what she was expecting.
32) 0) text: Sophia and Charlie sit at table removed from the others. Victor is visible in the background serving The Secretari
32) 2) dialog: Fifty seven years ago maybe. Not now.
32) 4) dialog: Because she was a fifteen-year-old girl then. She's a seventy-two-year-— old woman now.
32) 6) dialog: It was a teenage infatuation, a holiday romance, can you imagine what could've happened if she hadn't seen sense?
32) 8) dialog: What good did you think could possibly come from writing her that letter?
32) 11) dialog: No, I came because I couldn't let my grandmother come on her own.
32) 13) dialog: I think even you might be able to work that one out.
32) 15) dialog: I want to play for Manchester United but I'm shit at football.
32) 17) dialog: I honestly think she has no interest in meeting a woman who can Manage to jam "oh my God" and "awesome" into the same sentence.
32) 19) dialog: It just wouldn't occur to her.
32) 21) dialog: (laughs) D'you really think I'm that stupid?
32) 24) dialog: I was just curious to see what kind of imbecile would think writing that letter was such a great idea. I should've known it'd be an American. Good night. He strides out of the restaurant. Sophia is appalled at h rudeness and is stuck to her chair for a moment. She looks across the room at Victor serving The Secretari their entrees. They applaud his efforts. He's beaming. Sophia thinks for a beat. Then grabs her coat and leaves. 33.
33) 0) text: Sophia emerges from the restaurant and looks around to se which way Charlie has gone. She spots him and starts to follow him at a discreet distance. At one point he gets the feeling he's being followed and stops. He quickly turns around just as Sophia ducks into shop doorway. Finally he arrives at his hotel and heads inside. Sophia waits for a moment before heading in herself.
35) 0) text: Sophia walks down the hallway to room 32. She's nervous a she takes a deep breath and knocks on the door. She adjus her hair and straightens her dress. The door opens. And h face drops as she is confronted by Charlie.
35) 1) dialog: (whispers) What the bloody hell are you doing here? He moves out pulling the door semi-closed behind him.
35) 3) dialog: I told you she doesn't want to meet you.
36) 7) dialog: Well, in the circumstances, it seemed a little churlish not to meet the person responsible for this voyage of lunacy.
37) 2) dialog: So why is it you never mentioned him to me till last week then?
37) 6) dialog: But you and Gramps were happy enough, weren’t you? 36.
37) 9) dialog: I'll say.
37) 19) dialog: It's been a pleasure.
40) 0) text: Sophia is standing at Claire's door. Charlie opens it.
40) 2) dialog: Oh God. 40.
41) 0) text: Sophia, Claire and Charlie walk through the streets towar Juliet’s house. Charlie casts a disbelieving glance at So - What is she doing here?
41) 3) dialog: Nana!
41) 5) dialog: Alright, I think we get the picture.
41) 7) dialog: Oh for heaven's sake.
41) 9) dialog: I am not! I love old people. 4l.
41) 17) dialog: Ah yes, another interfering busybody. Perfect. Neither Bella nor Claire pay him any mind. They smile.
42) 0) text: Claire is the guest of honor at the head of a table with Charlie, Sophia and the rest of The Secretaries. They're eating dinner. The Secretaries are all smiling at Claire.
42) 3) dialog: Right. Let’s go home then before it all ends in tears.
42) 5) dialog: I'm a realist not a fantasist, that's the point.
42) 10) dialog: You don't have to be a cold fish to think the idea of true love lasting forever is ridiculous. (MORE)
42) 11) text: CHARLIE (cont'd) Actually, come to that, the very idea of true love at all leaves one struggling.
42) 15) dialog: I'm sorry we couldn't possibly...
43) 0) text: The Secretaries are walking with Claire, laughing and chatting. Charlie and Sophia follow at a short distance.
43) 1) dialog: You know, I’m not the buttoned up, buttock clenching, killjoy you lot are trying to make me out to be.
43) 3) dialog: It's just that I am genuinely worried for her.
43) 6) dialog: Physically yes. But what if he breaks her heart? What if he laughs in her face? What if he doesn’t remember her? Is it so unreasonable for me to worry about that?
43) 8) dialog: Then you really do have greater faith in mankind than I do. They walk on watching the women walking ahead. Sophia smi
43) 9) dialog: You really think it's possible two people can be apart for so long and pick up right where they left off? Sophia reflects on the question.
43) 11) dialog: Why are you doing this?
45) 0) text: Sophia, Claire and Charlie are loading up the rental car.
45) 3) dialog: A bloody journalist! I should've known.
45) 5) dialog: And you think Gran's story is your ticket to being published. Yeah?
45) 8) dialog: I’m so pleased for you both but where, exactly, do I fit in?
45) 12) dialog: I would be. I’d have probably killed myself by now - in a most violent manner leaving a poignant note which would haunt you forever.
46) 3) dialog: Was he frantic?
46) 5) dialog: Or he's working on that note. Claire smacks Charlie on the top of his head. Sophia laug
46) 7) dialog: There is one - was one - until recently, Patricia. But the less said about her the better... so currently, no, I am without “frantic” in my life and the sense of relief is palpable. 47.
46) 13) dialog: So you live with a waiter then.
46) 15) dialog: I am not. He might have been a bus boy.
47) 0) text: The car stops at a narrow country road in front of an old farmhouse surrounded by meadows and olive groves. Claire, Sophia, and Charlie look at the old house through car window. Claire doesn’t move. Sophia takes her hand an gives it a squeeze. Claire smiles then gets out of the ca
48) 0) text: The trio approaches the door. Charlie glances at Claire. nods yes. Charlie reluctantly knocks on the door. They wa moment. Nothing. He shrugs.
48) 1) dialog: No one in. Come on. Let's go.
48) 3) dialog: (in fluent Italian) Are you Alfonso De Annunzio? The man nods. Charlie and Sophia exchange a glance - we'v found him! - but alas Claire knows immediately that: 49.
48) 9) dialog: Do you remember what you were doing in the summer of 1951?
48) 11) dialog: Nana! But Claire has already turned away, disappointed, and is walking towards the car.
48) 14) dialog: Right... He and Sophia follow Claire to the car as Alfonso continu raving from his doorstep.
48) 16) dialog: Right, well that's that. We gave it a fair shot. Can't say we didn't try. Sorry Nana. Truly.
48) 18) dialog: If I actually knew what that question meant, I might attempt to answer it.
48) 20) dialog: He's the only one around here. Are you suggesting we knock on the doors of every Alfonso we can find?
48) 22) dialog: This is madness. Total madness.
49) 0) text: Claire is lying on a sun bed in the shade. Charlie swims relentlessly up and down the pool - quite clearly for exercise rather than pleasure. Sophia sits at a nearby ta working away at her laptop. She finishes typing.
49) 10) dialog: (approaching) Thirty four what?
49) 12) dialog: Fantastic! He walks away drying himself off.
50) 2) dialog: Can't imagine she'd care.
50) 5) dialog: You know the kind of thing - planting trees, air fare taxes, bicycle lanes, eliminating cars from Central London - great idea, pity it doesn’t stand a chance, really.
50) 7) dialog: You look surprised.
50) 9) dialog: And what type did you have me pinned down for, exactly?
50) 11) dialog: Well thank you very much. Sophia laughs. So does Charlie. Claire smiles at this. 54.
50) 13) dialog: Get off!
50) 15) dialog: Anther good reason not to have come.
50) 18) dialog: Yeah she's alright. But with her gone it seems they have nothing to talk abou So they just sit there in silence. A pantomime of embarrassment. An exchange of awkward smiles. Then finall
50) 19) dialog: Right. Well. Time to hit the sack. Sophia smiles she knows he's just trying to get out of th
50) 21) dialog: Long day tomorrow. Need my rest and all that.
50) 23) dialog: Right. Alright. Good night then. 55. He gets up and strides off leaving her at the table. Then stops in the entrance. His back is turned to her for a mo then he swivels round and marches straight back.
50) 24) dialog: Forgive me. Where are my manners?
50) 26) dialog: I don’t know what it is, but you seem to bring out the very worst in me.
50) 28) dialog: Please, may I buy you a night cap? A beat. She smiles politely.
50) 30) dialog: Right. Of course. Apologies.
50) 32) dialog: Well. Good night then. Again.
52) 0) text: Sophia and Charlie are talking to an OLD MAN wearing a fl cap a baggy black suit, which has seen better days, and a threadbare white shirt. He's sitting outside at a cafe wi another MAN playing chess. Claire is standing at a distan watching. Sophia turns round to look at her and Claire shakes her h
53) 0) text: A speedboat hurtles, arcing, towards the shore. The WATER SKIER behind it lets go and after a few feet sinks into t water near the jetty. Claire, Sophia and Charlie walk towards the jetty as the speedboat approaches. THE INSTRUCTOR jumps out, he is a bronzed seventy-three-year-old man with an enormous pot belly, covered in gold jewelry and masses of white body h Beneath his stomach he is wearing the tiniest, most obsce inappropriate thong you’ve ever seen. When he turns to someone and flashes his weary, pitted, buttocks their way Claire utters a little shriek. Sophia tries to suppress a grin but Charlie is beside himself with laughter. Sophia hits him playfully. The man waves as they approach from Claire’s horrified look it obviously isn’t him.
55) 1) dialog: You sure we've got the right address? Sophia double checks.
57) 2) dialog: Such a shame. I think I could’ve been happy here. Sophia and Claire exchange looks.
58) 0) text: Sophia, Claire, and Charlie wait patiently and quietly in waiting room. Sophia is trying to stay upbeat but the sig of so many ill and lonely OLD PEOPLE has definitely lower the mood of all three. A NURSE comes to them holding the arm of yet another ALFO a sweet man, bald, wearing sunglasses, with a bright smil He walks right up to Claire.
58) 2) dialog: Alfonso, this is Claire, do you remember Claire?
59) 1) dialog: That’s it for today I think.
59) 3) dialog: She’s exhausted.
62) 0) text: Sophia sits at the desk with her laptop open. She's looki at that cursor blinking at the end of a full page of writ She smiles - pleased at this. There's a knock at her door. She answers. It's Charlie.
62) 1) dialog: She's gone to bed - shattered, poor thing. 60.
62) 3) dialog: Oh, yeah, yeah she’1l be fine. Tough as old boots that one. Don’t be fooled by the frail old lady act - she’s Churchill in a dress. Sophia laughs. Charlie smiles. He clears his throat.
62) 4) dialog: You fancy a spot of dinner?
62) 6) dialog: How's it coming?
62) 8) dialog: Am I in it?
62) 10) dialog: Can I read some then?
62) 12) dialog: Oh go on. Please.
62) 14) dialog: But how am I to be sure that I'm being properly portrayed? Sophia smiles.
62) 16) dialog: Just a peek. A sentence or two. He tries to look over her shoulder. She blocks his view.
62) 18) dialog: (matter of fact) You're an American. Sophia can't help but laugh.
62) 19) dialog: You're sure you won't let me read just a bit to ease my mind? Sophia shuts the door. From the other side of the door:
62) 20) dialog: Is this one of those situations where you're really saying the opposite of what you actually mean?
62) 22) dialog: Right. Good night then.
63) 0) text: Sophia is waiting in the lobby writing in her notebook. Charlie comes down the stairs and over to her.
63) 1) dialog: Gran's not feeling well.
63) 3) dialog: I don't know. 62.
63) 5) dialog: Best just let her rest. Sophia suddenly looks and feels very guilty.
63) 7) dialog: It’s not your fault. Truth is she made her decision the moment that letter arrived. And neither I nor the entire regiment of the Household Guard would’ve been able to stop her from coming.
63) 9) dialog: If you hadn’t come back from the airport I would've been denied the pleasure of spending a day in your glorious company showing you the sights of San Gimignano and Siena. Sophia smiles - she feels better already.
63) 11) dialog: Oh, don't let it fool you.
64) 2) dialog: Not worth telling really. Certainly not worth writing about.
64) 4) dialog: You can be whatever you want.
64) 6) dialog: She lives with me actually.
64) 8) dialog: It does rather.
64) 10) dialog: I'm an only child. Sophia laughs - of course he is.
64) 12) dialog: ...And my parents were killed ina car crash when I was fourteen. Sophia’s mouth is still open from laughing but she now se incapable of either shutting it or speaking. She just sta
64) 13) dialog: Hit head on by a tourist driving on the wrong side of the road. An American tourist. He reaches over and gently pushes her jaw closed with the tips of his fingers. A beat.
64) 14) dialog: I've had ambiguous feelings towards anything American every since.
64) 16) dialog: Could have something to do with my cynicism and pessimism and general lack of faith in true love lasting forever. Not a great believer in happy endings I'm afraid.
64) 18) dialog: Yes, well, they weren’t much help either. But Gran stepped in and took this angry, bereft and shockingly unpleasant young man under her wing and made me, well, into the superb specimen of screwed- up manhood you see before you now. He laughs. She doesn't. She puts her hand on his arm.
64) 20) dialog: I owe everything to that woman. She looked after me when no one else would... when no one else could...
64) 22) dialog: Right. She... Charlie's voice cracks with emotion. He smiles at her.
64) 23) dialog: Sorry. Momentary slip. Won't happen again. Sophia smiles at his English stiff upper lip then looks a out of her window to spare him any embarrassment.
65) 0) text: WIDE SHOT: Of this beautiful town on a hill top with it’s thirteen medieval towers standing proudly against the dee blue Chianti sky. 65. Charlie and Sophia walk through the narrow lanes of the t
67) 0) text: They drive through the countryside with the roof of the c down. Sophia’s hair blows around her face so she can’t se She laughs as she tries to tie it up. Charlie smiles. EXT. CATEDRALE DI SANTA MARIA THE “DUOMO”, SIENNA -- DAY They stand outside the wonderful facade of the cathedral. Charlie takes her picture. Then poses with her and holds camera out in front of him and takes another of them both INT. CATEDRALE DI SANTA MARIA THE “DUOMO” -- LATER They walk through the interior.
69) 0) text: They walk up four hundred steps to the top. It’s hard wor for Sophia who stops for breath. Charlie shouts encourage from the top. She laughs, exhausted, and follows.
73) 0) text: Sophia sits outside a cafe. Charlie appears from inside w two of the largest ice cream cones you’ve ever seen.
73) 2) dialog: Ah but the thing is, they're calorie free. Clever buggers the Italians. She looks at her cone suspiciously as he starts to eat hi
73) 4) dialog: Yes way. Thousands of calories free with every mouthful. Sophia laughs - not at joke but at him for making the jok
73) 6) dialog: I thought it was funny. You've no sense of humor. She pushes his ice cream into his face. He takes it away reveal his nose and mouth covered. His stone faced seriousness and slight look of hurt make her laugh.
73) 8) dialog: It's just as well I’m a gentleman otherwise I might be tempted into some sort of juvenile revenge.
73) 12) dialog: (smirks ) Every good story needs an antagonist right? She's not letting him off that easy.
73) 14) dialog: Of an old man I've never met. No.
73) 16) dialog: Something like that. They sit quietly eating for a beat. Charlie shrugs.
73) 17) dialog: Okay...truthfully? It's just that I feel, if we find Alfonso and Gran discovers that leaving him all those years ago was, indeed, the biggest mistake of her life... then what does it say about me and my family? It makes it all a bit of a sham doesn’t it? If they're meant to be then were we not? It's like we're second best.
73) 19) dialog: Maybe. But it feels true. She looks at him as she tries to work this through. He le forward, noticing something on her face. 68.
73) 20) dialog: You've got something on your... With that he pushes her ice cream into her nose. She scre There’s ice cream all over her face. He gets a napkin and gently wipes it off. When he finishes he doesn’t move awa Suddenly both their cell phones ring. They look at them.
73) 21) dialog: Patricia. Victor. Neither of them answer. Charlie looks at her - surprised.
73) 22) dialog: You didn't answer. Very naughty.
73) 24) dialog: But I have a good excuse. She's a tiresome, self-centered neurotic. She's mad. Madder than a mad cow. Your Victor on the other hand is a dashingly handsome chef about to become a New York culinary sensation, sounds like everything any girl could ever want. Sophia smiles as she knows what Charlie's saying is true.
74) 0) text: Charlie’s car pulls up. He and Sophia get out of the car. They walk towards the hotel in silence. Until.
74) 1) dialog: Sophia... She stops and turns. He suddenly looks a little nervous. 69.
74) 2) dialog: I just wanted to say... about today... uh... what I mean is...
75) 0) text: Charlie and Sophia walk back into the hotel past the bar then both stop. They walk back a few steps and look into There sitting at the bar, large cocktail in hand, sits Cl looking perfectly fit and well as she laughs with the BAR
75) 1) dialog: Feeling better?
75) 3) dialog: (slowly) Good...
76) 0) text: Claire, Sophia, and Charlie are escorted through a cemete by an old GRAVE DIGGER. They stop. The Grave Digger point a new tombstone and goes off silently. They stand togethe
76) 2) dialog: This was what I feared most... Charlie trails off and watches as Claire approaches the g - her back to us. She stops and kneels. 70. Sophia and Charlie stand there saying nothing. Claire sta up and walks back to them. She Long pause.
76) 6) dialog: No. They turn to him. And wait for him to say more but he jus stands there silently staring as if trying not make a sce
76) 8) dialog: Yes it is. It's over. I'm done.
76) 10) dialog: (snaps ) Don’t you see what we're doing? What we’re putting her through? What if it had been him? What if there’s another grave around here with her Alfonso in it? I’m sorry, Gran, I am. But this is the end of the line for me. I can't do this. Claire looks at her beloved grandson and can see the sinc concern and pain on his face. She takes his hand. Sighs.
76) 15) dialog: What?
76) 17) dialog: No. What I wanted was for you to never have written that letter. What I wanted was to never come on this ridiculous goose chase.
76) 19) dialog: I'm trying to protect her. Because unlike you I can't just stand idly by and watch her get hurt.
76) 21) dialog: It means you're not here for her. And you're not here 'cause you're some romantic who wants to believe in love lasting forever. You're here for the story. Here to see how it all ends. Doesn't matter to you if it's a happy ending or a sad ending as long as it's compelling right? As long as there's drama.
76) 24) dialog: I'm just looking out for her.
76) 26) dialog: She’s dealt with enough grief in her life. She's lost her husband, her daughter, her son-in-law. Now you come along and set her up to lose someone she already lost fifty years ago. But why should I expect you to understand. You don't know anything about real loss. This cuts her. She just looks at him for a moment then wa over to the car and gets in the back seat.
76) 28) dialog: It's different.
79) 0) text: Claire, Sophia and Charlie look at their menus in silence Charlie steals glances at Sophia who just studies her men He looks at Claire who raises her eyebrows interrogativel if to say “ball’s in your court.” He clears his throat.
79) 1) dialog: I should apologize. I was wrong.
79) 3) dialog: Didn't I just?
79) 6) dialog: Sophia, I'm sorry... enough contrition and sincerity for you?
79) 8) dialog: What'd you want me to do, get on my knees and beg? Charlie starts to do just that. Sophia smiles. She stops
79) 11) dialog: A bottle of your best local Chianti please. The waiter goes off to fetch the wine.
79) 14) dialog: With the dashingly handsome Victor. She seems slightly perplexed by his saying this and he lo embarrassed like he just thought out loud. She smiles.
79) 23) dialog: Thank you?
79) 25) dialog: You have a knack of saying things which could be taken as gorgeous compliments or sarcastic digs.
79) 28) dialog: Alfonso... They raise their glasses and drink.
79) 29) dialog: Damn that’s good wine.
79) 33) dialog: “D’Annunzio”, How do I know that name? Sophia and Claire share a smile and a shake of the head.
79) 36) dialog: Excuse me. The makers of this wine. Are you familiar with them?
80) 0) text: Sophia is at her laptop typing. She looks out of the wind for a moment and sees Charlie wandering out of the hotel the garden. He looks up at the sky and then lies down on lawn, his arms spread-eagled. She smiles.
81) 2) dialog: Just looking at the stars. She lies down beside him.
81) 3) dialog: You can see the Milky Way.
81) 5) dialog: It's awesome. She laughs and hits him. Charlie is no longer looking at night sky.
81) 6) dialog: You have a wonderful laugh.
81) 8) dialog: So what do you think will happen tomorrow?
81) 10) dialog: Oh it’s him alright.
81) 12) dialog: Because we've come too far, it'd just be too unfair if it wasn’t.
81) 14) dialog: I'm capable of it on occasion.
81) 16) dialog: I hope so. She deserves it.
81) 18) dialog: And what about you? What’s in the stars for you and Victor? We can tell Sophia has been thinking about this.
81) 20) dialog: Successful business? Marriage? Lots of dashing children?
81) 22) dialog: And you think I'm cynical.
81) 24) dialog: Sounds like we'd make quite a pair.
81) 26) dialog: You don't strike me as the kind of girl who'd let anyone speak for her? She smiles. He sits up. He's confused.
81) 27) dialog: So what about all that romantic true love codswallop you peddled about Gran and Alfonso then?
81) 29) dialog: Because of your mom. Yeah? She looks at him. Shrugs as if to say "probably".
81) 34) dialog: Sophia... wait... I... She starts running and she’s gone. He pauses a moment the walks into the hotel. As he does so we see Claire standin her bedroom window, smiling gently, having observed it al
82) 0) text: Claire is sitting in reception. She looks a little anxiou Charlie comes down the stairs.
82) 1) dialog: She’s not in her room.
82) 3) dialog: This is my fault. He goes over to the desk.
82) 4) dialog: Has Miss Marcus checked out? He looks at the register.
82) 6) dialog: Have you seen her at all this morning?
82) 8) dialog: Sophia.
82) 10) dialog: Everything alright? I thought...
82) 12) dialog: Nothing. You OK?
84) 2) dialog: That can’t actually be him.
85) 0) text: A space behind the D’Annunzio house filled with tables an trees. The vineyard's all around. Don Alfonso’s big famil out en masse to celebrate the reunion of their patriarch his childhood sweetheart. Four generations: CHILDREN, GRANDCHILDREN, AND GREAT- GRANDCHILDREN. Tables laden with food. Claire and Don Alfonso sit together drinking and catching after the years of separation. Sophia is surrounded by sprightly D’Annunzio grandchildre who play a game with her. She stops and looks around as s realizes someone is missing. She goes off in search of Charlie. She finds him alone by some trees staring at the horizon. He's deep in thought. She takes a moment to just watch hi She smiles then walks up slowly.
85) 2) dialog: You made it happen. Sophia smiles. Charlie goes back to staring at the horizo
85) 4) dialog: Bit of both actually. Happy for them. A little sad it’s over.
85) 6) dialog: If you like.
85) 8) dialog: It was. Pause. 84.
85) 9) dialog: About last night.
85) 11) dialog: Really?
85) 13) dialog: A mistake. Yeah. They look at each other, both not telling the truth, both knowing it, neither has the courage to take the first ste
85) 15) dialog: Right. 'Cause that's what I was trying to do. I was trying to apologize.
85) 17) dialog: Course not. Good.
85) 19) dialog: Sorted. Another awkward silence. Sophia tries to fill the silence
85) 21) dialog: Guess you'll do anything to get your story. That came out colder than he meant it. She look's hurt.
85) 24) dialog: What?
85) 29) dialog: You can’t just pitch up here out of the blue and then bugger off. It’s just not fair on the poor bloke. Claire turns to Don Alfonso.
85) 42) dialog: You coming? Sophia looks at him - still a bit hurt. She shakes her he
85) 44) dialog: You sure?
85) 46) dialog: Right. They look at each other. Both looking like they want to s more. Neither does. Then they turn around and walk away.
87) 0) text: Sophia heads down to the Fiat Cinquecento. She gets in an drives off. Just as soon as she's out of sight... Charlie’s car arrives at the hotel. He gets out and walks Claire follows him.
88) 0) text: Charlie is at the front desk with Claire.
88) 2) dialog: She did?
88) 4) dialog: The airport? Did she leave a message? The receptionist looks.
88) 6) dialog: I can't believe she'd run off.
88) 8) dialog: No. She's not...
88) 10) dialog: I’m not. Really. It’s for the best.
89) 0) text: Charlie runs into the Terminal.
91) 0) text: Charlie walks out of the terminal back to the car park structure. As he does so, Sophia can be seen further down concourse with Victor loading his luggage into the Fiat. Charlie waits in line for the paying machine. If only they’d turn round. But they don’t. Charlie doesn’t see her and she doesn’t see him.
95) 0) text: CLOSE SHOT: Of the diamond sparkling on her finger. Sophia stands at the window, ready for bed, looking at th garden below, where she and Charlie lay looking at the st the night before. Then she looks at the ring. She sighs. Victor comes up behind her and wraps his arms around her.
96) 0) text: Charlie stands in his bedroom window looking out at the Italian night sky. He looks sad. FADE TO BLACK. 92.
102) 3) dialog: Hello? Sophia freezes. She can’t speak.
102) 4) dialog: Hello? In the background Claire can be heard.
102) 6) dialog: Don’t know. Hello? She quickly puts the receiver down - heart pounding.
112) 1) dialog: Sophia... And there he is. She turns to find him smiling at her. Dressed in a traditional English morning suit, tails, waistcoat, the works. One might even say he looks dashing He approaches. She suddenly seems very nervous.
112) 3) dialog: Hi.
112) 6) dialog: I'm glad you came. You look pretty good yourself.
112) 8) dialog: I got it. A beat of awkward silence. They smile at each other - smi that say "Why is this so uncomfortable?" Finally.
112) 9) dialog: You came alone?
112) 11) dialog: It's fine. Whole thing's been a bit of a shotgun affair really... (he smiles at her) I'm glad you came. She smiles hoping it's for the reason she thinks it is.
112) 15) dialog: Papa, they need you at the altar. He smiles and kisses Sophia's hand before continuing on i the church. Sophia watches him limping on that cane. She turns and looks at Charlie. She doesn't even have to ask.
112) 16) dialog: He fell. About two months ago. He and Gran were walking in his fields. Tripped on vine. Shattered his hip. Had to have it replaced. Sophia watches Don Alfonso smiling and welcoming guests a slowly makes his way down the aisle.
112) 18) dialog: Saved his life actually. Sophia turns back to Charlie who takes a breath before:
112) 19) dialog: He only fell a few feet but the hip shattered like a vase. (MORE)
112) 20) text: CHARLIE (cont'd) (beat) A tumor had hollowed it out. Sophia just stares - speechless.
112) 22) dialog: They think a year, maybe two, maybe more, maybe less. Different doctors give different answers, none of them straight, you know how it goes.
112) 24) dialog: Actually they've been extraordinary. Really. It's humbling. They're living proof that if you find love for even the shortest moment, you have to grab it with both hands... Charlie catches himself being sincere. He tries to play i off with a wry shrug and smile.
112) 25) dialog: Tis better to have loved... and all that. She manages a smile back.
112) 29) dialog: Patricia. This is Sophia. Doing her best to hide her disappointment:
112) 32) dialog: The Sophia. Sophia shrugs and smiles.
112) 35) dialog: As if I'm not nervous enough. She kisses his cheek, smiles at Sophia, and heads off dow the aisle.
112) 37) dialog: Yeah. Scrubs up well I suppose.
112) 39) dialog: And there she is. Places everyone. (to Alfonso III) Can you show Sophia to a seat? 105. Alfonso III hold out his arm. Sophia takes it. She looks Charlie. He looks at her and smiles.
112) 40) dialog: Show time. Charlie heads out to the white limo as Alfonso III ushers Sophia down the aisle. The church is idyllic, festooned w white flowers everywhere. The floral arrangements at the of the pews contain bunches of dark purple grapes. The Secretaries of Juliet are together in a pew. They wav Sophia as she passes. Bella, ever the romantic, is alread crying, handkerchief in hand. When Sophia gets to a seat she looks to the altar where D Alfonso stands waiting for his bride. He turns to look at Sophia. He smiles sweetly then closes his eyes for a few seconds in a silent expression of gratitude. She smiles. Then the organ begins and a hush falls over the congregat Charlie escorts Claire down the aisle. She looks beautifu All the excitement and radiance of a teenage bride. As they pass she sees Sophia and her whole face just ligh up. She gives her a discreet wave. Sophia smiles and wave back but it's all too much and the tears begin to come. Charlie walks Claire to Don Alfonso. He gives her away.
113) 1) text: THE WEDDING PARTY is led through the narrow streets of th village towards the vineyard by a loud brass band. VILLAGERS outside bars stand and applaud. Others lean out upstairs windows throwing confetti, whistling and cheerin Alfonso walks arm-in-arm with Claire at the center of it Beside them. Patricia and Charlie and Alfonso's son and grandson. And lastly the gathering of GUESTS. Sophia is among the f cluster just behind the wedding party. Everyone's eyes ar The Bride and Groom except Sophia who's watching Charlie. The parade continues. It's a colorful, joyous carnival of occasion. A day not soon forgotten in this little village 106.
114) 0) text: Tables have been laid for the wedding feast. The BAND pla CHILDREN run around. FRIENDS and FAMILY chat and laugh. At the head table sit the bride and groom. Charlie and Patricia are seated on either side of them. Sophia is at another table with the Secretaries of Juliet She steals glances at Charlie over her glass of wine. Charlie stands and taps his glass. Everyone turns to him. The band stops and silence falls. Charlie clears his thro
114) 1) dialog: It's been a sincere honor giving away my Gran today. Though she's left me in the market for a room mate if anyone knows anyone... some light cooking and laundry required. This gets a chuckle. Charlie smiles at Claire as he says:
114) 2) dialog: I'm not allowed to make a speech... Someone shouts “Shame!”
114) 3) dialog: So I'll just get right to it then... Ladies and Gentlemen, may I present for the first time Mr. and Mrs. Alfonso D'Annunzio... Everyone stands and cheers. Claire and Alfonso kiss.
114) 4) dialog: Now I believe Mrs. D'Annunzio would like to say a few words... Gran? Everyone claps. Claire kisses Charlie and stands. He sits
114) 7) text: CLAIRE (cont'd) Fifty-seven years later I got an answer. (she looks right at) Sophia? Dear? Would you stand up? Sophia hesitates then stands reluctantly. She turns red w embarrassment. Charlie smiles at this.
115) 0) text: Charlie walks around to the front of the house.
115) 1) dialog: Sophia? He walks to the front door and calls inside.
115) 2) dialog: Sophia? He walks round the corner towards the vineyards and looks down the rows of fruit laden vines.
115) 3) dialog: Sophia? He goes back towards the house and then spots her in a fi floor window redoing her make up in front of a mirror. A grows up this side of the house up to and beyond the wind He walks up to the house and shouts from below.
115) 4) dialog: Sophia? She looks out of the window - it should, of course, be reminiscent of Shakespeare's balcony scene.
115) 5) dialog: What are you doing?
115) 7) dialog: Why? 109.
115) 9) dialog: Did you listen to what Gran just said? To what you wrote?
115) 11) dialog: Who?
115) 13) dialog: Patricia? She’s my cousin.
115) 15) dialog: Different girl. Same name. She’s like a sister to me. And a daughter to Gran. We practically grew up together after, you know... This gives Sophia pause. She looks down at him.
115) 16) dialog: Don’t go.
115) 19) dialog: The thing is I’ve watched Gran and Alfonso over the last few months... and I've realized... that I can’t wait fifty years to say... He’s level with her now but has to pause to get his breat
115) 20) dialog: ---I love you, Sophia. 110.
115) 22) dialog: That kiss wasn't a mistake. Poorly timed yeah. But not a mistake.
115) 24) dialog: I do.
115) 26) dialog: Like what?
115) 28) dialog: I remembered about half way up the vine I’m a bit scared of heights. She looks at him. Smiles.
115) 31) dialog: I would. Yeah. It’s just that I appear to have lost my foot-- And with that he disappears from the window - screaming a the way down until he hits with a thud.
116) 2) dialog: (groans) Please tell me no one saw that. Sophia looks up and sees the entire wedding party looking Charlie lying there.
116) 4) dialog: Good.
116) 6) dialog: Only my lips. She leans over and kisses him as Claire and Alfonso watch approvingly from a distance. As we... FADE TO BLACK. “LA FINE"