35) 5) dialog: Who is it Charlie?
35) 7) dialog: Well for goodness sake come in. Charlie looks daggers at her then reluctantly opens the d
36) 0) text: Sophia walks into the room and there she is, CLAIRE SMITH regal beauty at the age of seventy two. She gets up and f fleeting moment, bathed in a Veronese backlight, she almo looks like the fifteen year old who sent that letter all those years ago. They take each other’s hand and don’t let go. They take a long look at each other - so many questions on either sid
36) 2) dialog: Since you wrote to a fifteen-year- old I'll take that as a compliment. Sophia smiles. Claire smiles. Charlie isn't smiling.
36) 3) dialog: How did you find us?
36) 6) dialog: How uncharacteristically thoughtful of you dear. Slight pause. He looks at Sophia who smiles innocently. 35.
36) 8) dialog: Charlie doesn’t approve. Which makes it all the more fun. Would you like some tea? Oh no, of course, you’re American. We'll order coffee. Charlie? He obediently goes to the phone.
37) 0) text: They all sit having coffee while Claire talks.
37) 1) dialog: I waited for a reply to that letter for two years. Once I even plucked up the courage to run away and find him. But it only lasted as far as Waterloo Station, I’m afraid.
37) 3) dialog: It was such a long time ago, dear. And I met your grandfather and over the years I did my best to forget that summer in Tuscany and the bronzed Adonis of a boy who kissed me for the first time. He was the first person to ever tell me I was beautiful. And boy did it sound more romantic in Italian.
37) 5) dialog: “Clara, siete cosi bella.”
37) 7) dialog: That's exactly right - happy enough. We were a “good couple” with much to be grateful for. Except for you Charlie, you’ve been the bane of my existence. Sophia smiles, intrigued by these two.
37) 8) dialog: Then when Jack died - there’s a lot of Jack in Charlie, funnily enough - I grieved profoundly for years. But as time went by his memory became a distant, warm glow, instead of a searing pain in my side. Then, unexpectedly, at odd hours of the day, in my dreams at night, I found myself thinking about Alfonso... which made it all the more extraordinary when, out of the blue, your letter arrived. I’m so grateful you wrote it. There were so many reasons not to.
37) 11) dialog: Well the thing is, I think we've found him.
37) 13) dialog: Just outside Verona. Quite close to where he used to live, actually.
37) 15) dialog: Charlie thinks it's a dreadful mistake.
37) 18) dialog: (slightly disappointed) Of course you are. Thank you so much for the letter. 37. They hug. Sophia turns to Charlie who extends his hand stiffly.
37) 21) dialog: My phone number back in London. Will you call me?
38) 0) text: Sophia and Victor are in the middle of packing Sophia's head is still in Claire's hotel room.
39) 0) text: Sophia is walking through Claire's hotel on her cell phon
40) 0) text: Sophia is standing at Claire's door. Charlie opens it.
41) 0) text: Sophia, Claire and Charlie walk through the streets towar Juliet’s house. Charlie casts a disbelieving glance at So - What is she doing here?
41) 1) dialog: Alfonso had such a way with plants. Working those fields was spiritual for him. He'd always talk about the land in Tuscany, the way it smelled, the moisture in the soil, perfect for the grapes he’d grow there one day. He used to say all he needed to be happy were days in those fields and nights with me. Sophia smiles at this.
41) 2) dialog: When he was working I’d pray for the sun to come out because then he'd have to take off his shirt.
41) 4) dialog: He was so solid and brown. The sweat would glisten off his back like little jewels. The thought of it still sends shivers down my spine.
41) 6) dialog: What, you don't approve of your old Gran having carnal thoughts?
41) 8) dialog: You're such a prude. And you're ageist.
41) 12) dialog: Gosh, I remember this so well. We were on our way home. I was so sad. Then I looked up at her an thought - she'd know what to do. I'll ask her.
41) 14) dialog: No matter. I'm here now. A familiar voice comes from behind them.
41) 19) dialog: And such an honor to meet you. Claire goes to shake her hand but Bella grabs her and hug her and kisses her on both cheeks. 42.
42) 0) text: Claire is the guest of honor at the head of a table with Charlie, Sophia and the rest of The Secretaries. They're eating dinner. The Secretaries are all smiling at Claire.
42) 2) dialog: A bit I suppose. What if I’ve turned him into something he isn’t? He’s always existed in my mind’s eye as a model of perfection. Like a ‘57 Bentley Continental. What if he’s actually a clapped out old Alfa Romeo with bundles of nose hair? What if he doesn’t remember me at all - if I was simply not to him what he was to me? Slight pause as they all think about this. Charlie wades
42) 13) dialog: Charlie why don’t you get yourself out of the line of fire and settle the bill? He motions for the waiter to bring the bill. As soon as s sees this Angelina comes striding across the restaurant.
43) 0) text: The Secretaries are walking with Claire, laughing and chatting. Charlie and Sophia follow at a short distance.
45) 0) text: Sophia, Claire and Charlie are loading up the rental car.
45) 2) text: SOPHIA (cont'd) And I do want to help. But I’d also like to write an article about what happens. I want to tell your story, Claire.
45) 7) dialog: Well I think that’s simply marvellous. We both get something out of it. It’s a what d’you call it? A win win. Sophia smiles appreciatively.
45) 9) dialog: Don’t worry, dear. Every story needs a comedy character. She gets into the car. Sophia smiles at Charlie.
45) 13) dialog: (from inside the car) Charlie! Sophia can't help but smile at Charlie as she dials Victo
46) 11) dialog: How romantic. With a longing that tells us this was as romantic as it g
46) 14) dialog: Charlie you're such a snob.
46) 17) dialog: Sounds like quite a catch. Your mother must be pleased.
46) 19) dialog: Oh dear. Has she passed on then?
46) 21) dialog: I'm sorry.
47) 0) text: The car stops at a narrow country road in front of an old farmhouse surrounded by meadows and olive groves. Claire, Sophia, and Charlie look at the old house through car window. Claire doesn’t move. Sophia takes her hand an gives it a squeeze. Claire smiles then gets out of the ca
48) 0) text: The trio approaches the door. Charlie glances at Claire. nods yes. Charlie reluctantly knocks on the door. They wa moment. Nothing. He shrugs.
48) 4) dialog: That's not him.
48) 6) dialog: It's not him.
48) 8) dialog: It's the eyes.
48) 12) dialog: They're not his eyes. It's not him.
49) 0) text: Claire is lying on a sun bed in the shade. Charlie swims relentlessly up and down the pool - quite clearly for exercise rather than pleasure. Sophia sits at a nearby ta working away at her laptop. She finishes typing.
49) 2) dialog: That many? Claire sighs. Sophia has an idea.
49) 6) dialog: I believe “ripped” is the appropriate modern term isn’t it?
49) 8) dialog: No. Sorry.
49) 14) dialog: A bit of both I think. Claire watches Sophia working on her laptop as if weighin whether she’s going to ask her what’s on her mind.
49) 15) dialog: Tell me about your mother. 52.
49) 17) dialog: Indulge a nosy old lady. Slight beat. Sophia looks at this woman with such kind ey and sees someone who genuinely wants to know.
49) 19) dialog: How old were you?
49) 21) dialog: And you haven't seen her since?
49) 23) dialog: That must've been very hard. Sophia shrugs as if to say "not really".
49) 25) dialog: You don't ever think about trying to find her?
50) 1) dialog: Charlie have you told Sophia about the Green Alliance?
50) 4) dialog: Charlie’s going to stand for parliament on the environment ticket. Sophia looks genuinely surprised.
50) 12) dialog: Oh don’t be fooled by all the posturing he’s just a little teddy bear really. She ruffles up his hair.
50) 14) dialog: He’s still trying to work out our carbon print for this little jaunt.
50) 16) dialog: He’ll have me planting trees for months. (she yawns) Well I'm off to my bed. You two be nice to each other now. She kisses them both on the head and leaves.
51) 0) text: A beautiful day in the Tuscan countryside. They drive alo with Puccini’s “La Boheme” blaring from the stereo. Charl is driving. He looks at Sophia curiously in the rear view mirror. Claire notices this and smiles to herself. La Boheme continues over the next few scenes. 56.
52) 0) text: Sophia and Charlie are talking to an OLD MAN wearing a fl cap a baggy black suit, which has seen better days, and a threadbare white shirt. He's sitting outside at a cafe wi another MAN playing chess. Claire is standing at a distan watching. Sophia turns round to look at her and Claire shakes her h
53) 0) text: A speedboat hurtles, arcing, towards the shore. The WATER SKIER behind it lets go and after a few feet sinks into t water near the jetty. Claire, Sophia and Charlie walk towards the jetty as the speedboat approaches. THE INSTRUCTOR jumps out, he is a bronzed seventy-three-year-old man with an enormous pot belly, covered in gold jewelry and masses of white body h Beneath his stomach he is wearing the tiniest, most obsce inappropriate thong you’ve ever seen. When he turns to someone and flashes his weary, pitted, buttocks their way Claire utters a little shriek. Sophia tries to suppress a grin but Charlie is beside himself with laughter. Sophia hits him playfully. The man waves as they approach from Claire’s horrified look it obviously isn’t him.
54) 0) text: They are with a sweet looking PRIEST, dressed in cassock hat, outside his church. He is holding both of Claire’s h as he shakes his head gently. He is not her Alfonso. Then makes the sign of the cross over Claire as a blessing.
56) 0) text: They are talking to a very handsome, beautifully dressed groomed Italian man. This guy is probably a COUNT. He sha his head. Claire smiles.
57) 0) text: They walk towards the car. Claire is still slightly flush
58) 0) text: Sophia, Claire, and Charlie wait patiently and quietly in waiting room. Sophia is trying to stay upbeat but the sig of so many ill and lonely OLD PEOPLE has definitely lower the mood of all three. A NURSE comes to them holding the arm of yet another ALFO a sweet man, bald, wearing sunglasses, with a bright smil He walks right up to Claire.
58) 5) dialog: It was good to see you, Alfonso.
59) 4) dialog: I am. Sophia sighs.
75) 2) dialog: Right as rain dear. Thank you.
75) 4) dialog: So? How was your day? Did you two get along alright without me? She smiles sweetly as both of them realize in the same mo what she’s been up to. They share a look and a smile.
76) 0) text: Claire, Sophia, and Charlie are escorted through a cemete by an old GRAVE DIGGER. They stop. The Grave Digger point a new tombstone and goes off silently. They stand togethe
76) 4) dialog: It's not him. My Alfonso's middle name was Paolo. It's not him. Relief washes over Sophia. But not Charlie who still stan there with concern etched all over his face.
76) 11) dialog: 
76) 14) dialog: He's right dear. It's too much. Sophia stares at Charlie. She's stone faced. 71.
76) 22) dialog: Charlie. Please. Sophia just stands there stunned, hurt.
76) 27) dialog: You're wrong, Charlie. She lost her mother. That was very wrong.
76) 29) dialog: It is. Her mother chose to leave her. You always knew your parents loved you. She walks back to the car leaving him to think for a mome
78) 0) text: Sophia sits at the dressing table brushing her hair. Ther a knock at the door. She thinks for a moment whether to answer it. Another knock. She gets up and opens the door. Claire is standing there.
78) 1) dialog: Just wanted to make sure you were alright.
78) 3) dialog: We did. She sees the hairbrush in Sophia’s hand. 73.
78) 4) dialog: May I?
78) 6) dialog: One of the great unsung luxuries in this world - having someone brush your hair.
78) 8) dialog: My mother used to do it for me. They continue in silence, then slowly tears begin to fall down Sophia’s face. It’s clearly the first time anyone ha done this since for Sophia since she was a little girl.
79) 0) text: Claire, Sophia and Charlie look at their menus in silence Charlie steals glances at Sophia who just studies her men He looks at Claire who raises her eyebrows interrogativel if to say “ball’s in your court.” He clears his throat.
79) 5) dialog: An apology, dear, is when you look at someone straight in the eye with contrition and sincerity and actually say the words “I’m sorry.” 74. He does his best under the scrutiny of his grandmother.
79) 7) dialog: Six out of ten.
79) 10) dialog: Excellent. Now that hostilities are over. Let's get drunk. Sophia laughs as the waiter comes over to Charlie.
79) 12) dialog: So, Sophia, what for you now?
79) 16) dialog: Despite what my emotionally stunted pig of a grandson thinks, you did a wonderful thing for an old lady... I'll never forget it.
79) 18) dialog: It’s been an adventure. There aren’t many adventures left at my age. And It didn't lead nowhere. I got to meet you didn't I?
79) 20) dialog: Depends on the friend. Sophia smiles.
79) 21) dialog: Unfortunately you had to meet Charlie, but then we can’t have everything can we?
79) 27) dialog: To Alfonso, wherever he may be. 76.
79) 30) dialog: (looking at the bottle) Isn’t it? She smiles broadly.
79) 31) dialog: But then so it should be. She turns the bottle round to them.
79) 32) dialog: Look at the label. Charlie picks it up and reads it.
79) 34) dialog: I sometimes find it hard to believe I’m actually related to you.
79) 38) dialog: And is there an Alfonso Paolo D’‘Annunzio?
82) 0) text: Claire is sitting in reception. She looks a little anxiou Charlie comes down the stairs.
82) 2) dialog: Have you checked the dining room?
84) 0) text: The car stops at a large farm house nestled in the midst the vineyard. The vines are bursting with young blue grap As Claire steps out of the car, she looks around and sees something in the distance that nearly stops her breathing A handsome YOUNG MAN, around 16, shirtless, solid and bro from the sun, he works repairing an irrigation line. He looks up and sees the three strangers in his driveway and smiles a shy welcome. Claire can’t believe her eyes.
84) 1) dialog: My God. That’s him. That’s Alfonso.
84) 4) dialog: Are you Alfonso D'Annunzio? 82.
84) 6) dialog: Are you Alfonso D'Annunzio too? Before he can answer a voice comes from inside the house. DON ALFONSO’S VOICE I know that voice. Suddenly a sweet old man, tanned from the sun, comes step out of the house. He is DON ALFONSO PAOLO D’ANNUNZIO. He looks at the three strangers - then focuses on Claire. Without saying a word, Claire smiles, she knows this is h The young man from all those years ago. It’s the eyes. As she walks toward him, he stares at her, disbelieving, years and years flicker through his memories.
84) 8) dialog: Sorry I'm late. Alfonso smiles. He opens his arms. She walks into them. Claire and Don Alfonso embrace. Everyone watching, smilin Something prompts Sophia to look down. It’s Charlie’s han reaching out for hers. She takes it and looks up at Charl He turns to her, his eyes looking suspiciously tearful. H about to say something but can’t. She smiles.
85) 0) text: A space behind the D’Annunzio house filled with tables an trees. The vineyard's all around. Don Alfonso’s big famil out en masse to celebrate the reunion of their patriarch his childhood sweetheart. Four generations: CHILDREN, GRANDCHILDREN, AND GREAT- GRANDCHILDREN. Tables laden with food. Claire and Don Alfonso sit together drinking and catching after the years of separation. Sophia is surrounded by sprightly D’Annunzio grandchildre who play a game with her. She stops and looks around as s realizes someone is missing. She goes off in search of Charlie. She finds him alone by some trees staring at the horizon. He's deep in thought. She takes a moment to just watch hi She smiles then walks up slowly.
85) 23) dialog: I shouldn't have come here. They both just stare at her for a beat.
85) 26) dialog: Too much has happened, dear. It's been fifty years. I'm behaving like a school girl. You were right, Charlie. This was selfish and impulsive and I'm sorry. Don Alfonso appears at Claire’s side.
85) 28) dialog: I should go. It was good to see you again. Really. Sophia looks at Charlie as if say "Do something." He take Claire's hand.
85) 30) dialog: It was foolish. Barging back into your life like this. (MORE)
85) 31) text: CLAIRE (cont'd) How could we possibly pick up where we left off a life time ago? He smiles warmly at her - he understands what she's feeli
85) 34) dialog: I have varicose veins.
85) 36) dialog: My eyes are going.
85) 39) dialog: Maybe I’m afraid to be happy again.
87) 0) text: Sophia heads down to the Fiat Cinquecento. She gets in an drives off. Just as soon as she's out of sight... Charlie’s car arrives at the hotel. He gets out and walks Claire follows him.
88) 0) text: Charlie is at the front desk with Claire.
88) 7) dialog: It's simple. She’s frightened. Go after her Charlie.
88) 9) dialog: Oh don’t be so proud.
88) 11) dialog: Don’t make the same mistake I did. Pause. He looks at her. She smiles warmly and strokes the side of his face. He suddenly sprints out of the hotel. 89. Claire turns back to the Receptionist.
88) 12) dialog: We'd like to check out please. We’re gonna be staying with friends for the rest of our trip. The Receptionist starts processing the paper work.
102) 0) text: It's the middle of the night. Victor snores in the bedroo Sophia sits alone on the couch watching TV looking bored. has a thought. She searches through her desk drawer and p out the little slip of paper that Claire wrote her number She checks the clock. It's 3:30 in New York. 9:30 in Lond Not too early to call. She dials the number. There's an English ring tone. After minute an answering machine picks up:
102) 2) dialog: Hi. You've reached Claire and Charlie. There's no one here at the moment. But if you'd like to... At this point the phone is picked up at the other end.
102) 5) dialog: Who is it dear?
109) 0) text: Sophia has moved. The place is furnished but still coming together. She's working on her laptop. She seems to be immersed ful in what she's writing. She's focused not stressed. 100. There's a knock at her door. She answers and finds a MAIL who hands her a thick bundle of forwarded mail - presumab from Victor's. She sorts through it. Then she stops at an envelope. It has an Italian stamp an post mark. She opens it quickly. It’s an invitation. CLAIRE’S VOICE Mrs. Claire Smith and Don Alfonso D’Annunzio invite you to the wedding of Mrs. Claire Smith to Don Alfonso D’Annunzio. Then scribbled across the bottom in large letters. CLAIRE’S VOICE Please come darling. You must. Sophia beams.
113) 1) text: THE WEDDING PARTY is led through the narrow streets of th village towards the vineyard by a loud brass band. VILLAGERS outside bars stand and applaud. Others lean out upstairs windows throwing confetti, whistling and cheerin Alfonso walks arm-in-arm with Claire at the center of it Beside them. Patricia and Charlie and Alfonso's son and grandson. And lastly the gathering of GUESTS. Sophia is among the f cluster just behind the wedding party. Everyone's eyes ar The Bride and Groom except Sophia who's watching Charlie. The parade continues. It's a colorful, joyous carnival of occasion. A day not soon forgotten in this little village 106.
114) 5) dialog: I won’t keep you long as I'm sure most of you have heard the story of how my husband... Everyone cheers and whistles at the first mention of the word. She smiles. It gets quiet again.
114) 6) dialog: Fifty-seven-years ago I wrote a letter that asked a question. (MORE)
114) 7) text: CLAIRE (cont'd) Fifty-seven years later I got an answer. (she looks right at) Sophia? Dear? Would you stand up? Sophia hesitates then stands reluctantly. She turns red w embarrassment. Charlie smiles at this.
114) 8) dialog: Sophia gave me my answer. Everyone starts clapping and cheering her as Claire unfol piece of paper. Sophia recognizes it - turns redder.
114) 9) dialog: She wrote me a letter. This letter. Without it, none of this would've been possible, none of us would be here today, and so it seems only fitting to share some of it... (she starts reading) "'What' and ‘if’ two words as non- threatening as words come. But put them together side-by-side and they have the power to haunt you for the rest of your life: ‘What if?'..." She looks at Sophia now and basically reads the letter to as if no one else were there.
114) 10) dialog: "I don't know how your story ended. But I know that if what you felt then was love - true love - then it's never too late. If it was true then it why wouldn't it be true now? You need only the courage to follow your heart..." Sophia is looking at Charlie who looks straight back at h
114) 11) dialog: "I don't know what a love like that feels like... a love to leave loved ones for, a love to cross oceans for... but I'd like to believe if I ever felt it. I'd have the courage to seize it. I hope you had the courage to seize it, Claire. And if you didn't, I hope one day that you will." She folds the letter and looks at Sophia - we can see the glaze of tears forming as everyone starts clapping. 108. Charlie sees those tears forming too. Sophia looks at him sitting there beside Patricia and the abruptly turns and walks off away from the gathering. The tears have started to fall. She wipes them away.