1) 0) text: A man toils over a pot of simmering tomato sauce. He is a handsome Italian-American with big brown eyes. He is VICT Victor tastes the sauce he's cooking the way a sommelier tastes wine. Slow and deliberate. He's pleased but subdue Victor carefully plates some of that fresh pasta with his sauce and takes it into the living room. Sophia looks stressed out. She keeps glancing at what loo like a draft of a magazine article, certain parts have be highlighted. She's in the middle of typing something when Victor approaches with the plate of food.
1) 1) dialog: Here, taste.
1) 4) dialog: There's not too much garlic? Sophia looks up from her laptop - a little annoyed.
1) 6) dialog: Too spicy?
1) 8) dialog: Maybe it needs more basil?
1) 10) dialog: You're saying it's delicious but you're not telling me it's delicious.
1) 12) dialog: That's it. It's too concentrated. Victor plants a big kiss on a startled Sophia.
1) 13) dialog: Thanks babe. Sophia shakes her head and goes back to work as Victor he into the kitchen muttering to himself.
2) 0) text: The doors of the building open. Sophia and Victor emerge. is carrying a suitcase as he follows her reading a Gourme Magazine. They walk down the steps to a waiting cab.
2) 1) dialog: Passports?
2) 3) dialog: Tickets?
2) 5) dialog: Apartment reservation?
2) 7) dialog: Euros?
2) 9) dialog: Suitcase? They reach the cab. She turns to him. Smirks.
2) 11) dialog: Shit. He runs back into the building as she puts her case in th trunk and gets in the cab.
3) 0) text: Sophia waits. The trunk is slammed and Victor gets in.
3) 2) dialog: Actually, sweetie, I just have to make one stop. She knows where. She just looks at him.
3) 3) text: The restaurant is basically a building site. It's a fanta space but right now it'd take an experienced eye to fully appreciate it's potential. Victor is looking at an assortment of light fittings with MARK, his bartender. Sophia walks through the mess with a slightly detached ai curiosity. BUILDERS are at work all around her. Her cell rings. She checks the ID. Takes a breath. Answer
5) 0) text: Sophia sits staring out the window, lost in her thoughts. Victor gets in, breathless and excited.
5) 1) dialog: Verona here we come. He notices Sophia not sharing his enthusiasm.
5) 2) dialog: What's wrong? Sophia just kind of shakes her head as if to say "nothing
5) 3) dialog: What'd Bobby want?
5) 5) dialog: Counter clockwise?
5) 7) dialog: It's not that bad. He values you. Hey, you've got job security right? She just looks at him.
5) 10) dialog: You know you could always come work with me at the restaurant.
5) 12) dialog: You'd be great in fine dining.
5) 14) dialog: You would be. You're beautiful, smart, funny. You could run the place if you wanted. She smiles.
5) 16) dialog: You know you're beautiful. He puts an arm around her and pulls her towards him.
5) 17) dialog: Come on. Cheer up. Just forget it. That's why we're going to Italy right? To forget everything... the magazine, the restaurant.
5) 19) dialog: It's not just gonna be about the restaurant.
5) 21) dialog: It's not just gonna be about the restaurant. We're gonna relax, see the sights, shop the stores, it won't just be about the restaurant, I promise. It's gonna be great... Sophia wants to believe him but still looks skeptical.
5) 22) dialog: We're going to the home of Romeo and Juliet. How romantic is that?
7) 0) text: Sophia walks in from the balcony looking at her guide boo just as Victor comes out of the bathroom drying his hair.
7) 1) text: So I think we should start with the Verona Arena then head over to the Museo Castelvecchio... Victor takes the guide book from her, tosses it on the be
7) 2) dialog: No, no, no, no, what are you doing? That stuff's for tourists. To discover the true heart and soul of any country, first you have to indulge in it's smells and tastes. She just looks at him. Sometimes he's so full of it.
9) 0) text: Victor tastes a variety of wines with a dashing VITICOLTO Sophia is trying to talk with one of the FIELD HANDS who brought in a bushel of grapes when she sees Victor by the wine barrels waving her over with his camera. She sighs.
10) 0) text: Victor and the Viticoltore pose with their glasses raised toast for Sophia who prepares to take their picture. As her camera flashes we cut to the STILL PHOTO itself.
11) 0) text: The middle of nowhere. The kind of place where the mob bu bodies. Sophia seems acutely aware of this. Sophia and Victor are with a furtive looking MAN dressed army camo fatigues. There's a SMALL DOG at his side. The is holding a cloth covered basket. He removes the cloth w a theatrical flourish to reveal a basket full of truffles Victor takes one out and smells it. He's awestruck.
11) 1) dialog: Wow. 10. Sophia checks her watch. Shakes her head.
13) 0) text: It's dank and dark. No electricity. No indoor plumbing. Victor sits at the end of long table tasting olive oils w a gnarled, walnut colored OLD MAN. There are dozens of bottles of emerald green olive oil in-front of them. Sophia has wandered to the other side of the room where s watches WORKERS operating an ancient olive press. Somethi drips on her from the ceiling. Victor dips a piece of bread in a saucer of oil and taste it. He's in seventh heaven. He picks up a bottle.
13) 1) dialog: This is the one. Sophia is talking with one of the Workers when she sees Victor waving to her from across the room with that camer
14) 0) text: Victor and Sophia are in a huge ham curing room. It's basically a giant, poorly-lit shack full of ham. There's a row of cured pig heads hanging from hooks. Soph stares at one of them. It stares back. This unsettles her A BUTCHER slices thin pieces of prosciutto for them to ta Sophia turns down her taste - still staring at the pig he Victor tastes his, chews, then closes his eyes.
14) 1) dialog: That's incredible. Can you imagine when people in The City taste this? (MORE)
14) 2) text: VICTOR (cont'd) I see lines. Wait. Maybe we should have a deli next to the restaurant.
14) 4) dialog: I know, I know, I'm on fire. She has a thought. Then takes out her cell and steps outs
16) 0) text: Sophia and Victor walk back to their car.
16) 1) dialog: I gotta meet my Durum wheat guy - best Durum wheat in North Italy... She looks at him blankly.
16) 2) dialog: You know, for pasta.
16) 4) dialog: If we leave now we should be able to get up there before he closes.
16) 6) dialog: Hon? The best Durum wheat in all of Italy. Aren't you curious?
16) 8) dialog: Alright. I'll drop you in town. She smiles affectionately at his pouting.
16) 9) dialog: You're missing out though. She kisses him. 13.
24) 5) dialog: Supplier meetings are officially done. I am all yours as promised. (he kisses her) You want to check out that Museo... whatever it's called? 21. Sophia turns to Bella.
24) 7) dialog: What's that smell? He looks at the plate in front of her.
24) 9) dialog: My God. He grabs her fork and tastes. He groans with pleasure.
24) 11) dialog: D'you know what's in this?
24) 13) dialog: History. Years and years, generations and generations, of history. Who made this?
24) 15) dialog: I have to meet her. Victor goes without waiting for Bella who looks at Sophia curiously then follows him. Sophia is alone at the table. She looks at the meatballs suspiciously then tastes one.
26) 0) text: She finds Victor in chef's whites cooking with Angelina. looks up at Sophia as she walks in.
26) 1) dialog: Have you met Angelina?
26) 3) dialog: She's a genius.
26) 7) dialog: Yeah, sure, here's the thing though, Angelina's offered to let me work a dinner service with her tonight. She's gonna teach me to make that marinara. Can you imagine that marinara in Manhattan? Sophia is clearly annoyed.
26) 10) dialog: Great idea. That is a great idea. You write. I'll cook. Win-win. Sophia just looks at him, thinks about arguing, then does
27) 0) text: Sophia and Bella gather up the day's letters in silence. Sophia is clearly still miffed about Victor bailing on he
30) 0) text: Sophia has finally finished the letter. She's addresses t envelope and puts on a stamp. She stretches, yawns. There knock at the door. Sophia turns to find Victor coming in a plate of anti pasti. She smiles. He smiles back.
30) 2) dialog: You have fun playing secretary?
30) 4) dialog: I'm glad.
30) 6) dialog: It was unreal. I thought I was good but she's outta my league. She cooks from feel. No measurements, no timers, no prep, everything's fresh, she's incredible. I could learn a lot from her in a week... Silence as he lets that last sentence just hang there. So realizes what he's asking, why he brought her the anti pa She stops eating it and just looks at him.
30) 8) dialog: I know. I know I did. But this is a chance to learn sixty years of culinary knowledge in a week. It's a once-in-a-life time opportunity for me - for us... 27. Sophia sighs.
30) 9) dialog: But I haven't said yes yet. And I did promise you. So? If you say don't do it, I won't do it. Sophia knows she can't tell him not to.
30) 12) dialog: Is that OK like it's really not OK?
31) 1) text: Victor enjoys himself in the kitchen amongst all the nois and chaos. He's chopping, stirring, tasting, the guy swea enthusiasm. He tastes a bowl of meatballs and marinara, n his satisfaction, then refuses to let the WAITER take the out.
31) 2) dialog: No, no. I'll do it. Victor picks up the bowl, makes the sign of the cross, th should barges his way out into the restaurant where... 28. The Secretaries of Juliet are sitting at a long table wit Angelina, drinking wine and laughing loudly. Victor proudly places the bowl of meatballs in the middle the table and then declares in his best flawed Italian:
31) 3) dialog: Ladies, I give you my balls. There is a pause before the women burst out laughing.
31) 4) dialog: Please, help yourselves.
31) 10) dialog: Sophia? She turns to see him smiling big at her.
31) 12) dialog: I want you to be my front of house.
31) 14) dialog: (takes her hand) Will you be my front of house? A beat of confusion.
31) 16) dialog: I want you to run the restaurant. She just stares at him - flabbergasted. He stands up.
31) 18) dialog: You hate your job.
31) 20) dialog: You always talk about taking a step forward, making a change, this is a change.
31) 22) dialog: I want us to do this together. It won't be the same without you. Sophia doesn't know what to say or where to look. She jus stares at him speechless. Before she can answer a subtly handsome Englishman enters the restaurant. He is CHARLIE.
32) 0) text: Sophia and Charlie sit at table removed from the others. Victor is visible in the background serving The Secretari
38) 0) text: Sophia and Victor are in the middle of packing Sophia's head is still in Claire's hotel room.
38) 3) dialog: Hmm.
38) 5) dialog: That'd be something. 38.
38) 7) dialog: Right. Sophia pauses on this thought. Then the penny drops.
38) 9) dialog: You can start on the plane.
38) 11) dialog: Wait. What?
38) 13) dialog: What about Palermo? The cheese?
38) 15) dialog: Can't we at least discuss this?
38) 17) dialog: But? Who are these people? You're just gonna go off with them? They could be serial killers...
38) 19) dialog: But? Who's gonna take the pictures?
46) 1) text: Victor's looking anything but worried as he's enthralled an assortment of samples of a stocky CHEESE MAKER'S fines Italian cheeses. He's a kid in a candy store. He tastes s fresh made pecorino romano. It leaves him speechless. His Black berry - set on silent - is flashing on his belt buckle. CLOSE ON: The Display. The ID reads: "Sophia"
61) 0) text: Victor has a Bluetooth ear piece in. He's paying close attention to every detail about how the restaurant is run and not paying any attention to what Sophia is saying. Th
61) 1) dialog: I'm glad you're having a good time.
61) 3) dialog: I miss you beautiful. Sophia rolls her eyes - he's so transparent.
61) 5) dialog: If you could see the plate of food I’ve just had put in front of me... Victor eagerly lays a napkin in his lap.
61) 6) dialog: Hey. Can I call you back? I feel like I should have all my senses for this.
86) 2) dialog: It was great. I'm back. Caught an early flight. Can you come get me? Sophia is startled, taken aback.
91) 0) text: Charlie walks out of the terminal back to the car park structure. As he does so, Sophia can be seen further down concourse with Victor loading his luggage into the Fiat. Charlie waits in line for the paying machine. If only they’d turn round. But they don’t. Charlie doesn’t see her and she doesn’t see him.
92) 0) text: Sophia and Victor walk into the lobby.
92) 2) dialog: Sure. He goes to kiss her. She moves imperceptibly so that the lands on her cheek instead of her lips.
93) 8) dialog: I was thinking we could head over for one last meal with Angelina. He notices her lost in her head.
93) 9) dialog: Everything alright?
94) 0) text: Victor and Sophia sit together. Victor has polished off a plate of Angelina's meatballs. Sophia hardly touched hers Bella comes to clear their plates. She smiles at Sophia. Sophia can only manage a meek smile back. A beat.
94) 1) dialog: --.-I did a lot of thinking while I was in Palermo. About the restaurant, about it's future, about our future. (MORE)
94) 2) text: VICTOR (cont'd) And I realized I can't do it without you. I want you with me. Sophia shakes her head.
94) 4) dialog: Sophia? Will you be...
94) 6) dialog: My wife? Sophia just stares at the ring. She's speechless. She jus stares. Victor slides the ring on her finger before she answers. Now she's staring at it on her finger.
95) 0) text: CLOSE SHOT: Of the diamond sparkling on her finger. Sophia stands at the window, ready for bed, looking at th garden below, where she and Charlie lay looking at the st the night before. Then she looks at the ring. She sighs. Victor comes up behind her and wraps his arms around her.
95) 1) dialog: We should get some sleep. Early flight tomorrow.
97) 0) text: It's not big but beautifully put together in a provincial Italian style. All along the walls are huge blown up phot of Victor and his Italian suppliers - the truffle hunter, butcher, etc. - which Sophia took in Italy. The place is packed. Not a table empty in the house. WAITERS and WAITRESSES scurry about. LINE COOKS fire entr And at the center of it all, in his element, is Victor barking orders, he's intense but enjoying every second. We pick up Mark - Victor's bartender - taking an entree o the line. He carries it through the restaurant to the fro of the house where we find Sophia sitting by herself at t bar. He sets the entree in front of her with a smile.
98) 0) text: Things have calmed down some. The place is still crowded the dinner rush has subsided. Victor is out visiting tables of HIGH SOCIETY TYPES. They bathe him in praise. He plays the role of humble well. So watches him from the mostly empty bar where she sits sipp a glass of wine. Mark is polishing wine glasses behind th bar. He sees her watching him.
99) 0) text: Victor and his STAFF are finishing up for the night. Prep for tomorrow. Sophia walks in with her coat on.
99) 2) dialog: You know what. Just go ahead. I'll catch up. See you at home. Sophia sighs in a way that tells us this has become routi
100) 0) text: Sophia at home alone on her couch with her laptop. We find her as we first found her up late working on a column. Only without the drying pasta hung everywhere. And without Victor. She's not working so much as staring at the screen. It's quiet. She glances at the clock: It's three a.m.
101) 0) text: Sophia is out with friends having drinks. She's with a GR OF COUPLES. Victor is conspicuously absent.
102) 0) text: It's the middle of the night. Victor snores in the bedroo Sophia sits alone on the couch watching TV looking bored. has a thought. She searches through her desk drawer and p out the little slip of paper that Claire wrote her number She checks the clock. It's 3:30 in New York. 9:30 in Lond Not too early to call. She dials the number. There's an English ring tone. After minute an answering machine picks up:
103) 0) text: Sophia approaches Victor’s Restaurant from across the str She stops and watches through the front window. Victor is visible in the open-air kitchen at the back, cooking, ordering, examining plates on the service pass. It's fully booked again. PEOPLE who haven’t booked are being turned away. At the f of house desk - where Sophia could've been - stands a beautifully elegant HOSTESS. Sophia so clearly doesn’t feel a part of this. How quickl things move on. She sighs and crosses the street.
104) 0) text: A closet-sized office in the back of the restaurant. Soph and Victor eat together in silence. This is the time they spend together now.
104) 1) dialog: Bono was here last Friday. 95.
106) 0) text: Sophia is changing for bed when she hears Victor come in. She's still smiling. Victor walks into the room yawning.
106) 2) dialog: Too tired to guess. Just tell me.
106) 4) dialog: What story?
106) 6) dialog: Yeah... Yeah... Very gr... (he yawns so "great" sounds like "gruh") Victor's too tired to show any enthusiasm. And we get the feeling even if he weren't he wouldn't. He yawns again.
106) 8) dialog: I'm happy for you. I've also been on my feet for nineteen hours. G'night. He closes his eyes. Sophia just stands there watching him
106) 10) dialog: And whose fault is that? She looks at him. He sits up with a frustrated sigh. He yawns.
106) 11) dialog: You see? This is why. This is why I wanted you with me. I asked you to be my front of house precisely to avoid this situation.
106) 13) dialog: Do we have to do this now? You're being unreasonable.
106) 15) dialog: You knew what the restaurant was gonna require... You knew I'd be working long hours... You knew what it would mean... You knew there'd be sacrifice... You knew that... Silence. They look at each other.
106) 16) dialog: You knew this was who I was.
106) 19) dialog: I didn't do anything wrong. She walks up to him.
109) 0) text: Sophia has moved. The place is furnished but still coming together. She's working on her laptop. She seems to be immersed ful in what she's writing. She's focused not stressed. 100. There's a knock at her door. She answers and finds a MAIL who hands her a thick bundle of forwarded mail - presumab from Victor's. She sorts through it. Then she stops at an envelope. It has an Italian stamp an post mark. She opens it quickly. It’s an invitation. CLAIRE’S VOICE Mrs. Claire Smith and Don Alfonso D’Annunzio invite you to the wedding of Mrs. Claire Smith to Don Alfonso D’Annunzio. Then scribbled across the bottom in large letters. CLAIRE’S VOICE Please come darling. You must. Sophia beams.