1) 0) text: SUPER: April 27, 1973 All is quiet outside this suburban school on a sunny Friday afternoon. Cars idle in the driveway awaiting the three o'clock onslaught of liberated children. Two faded yellow buses stand ready. The lull is shattered by the CLANGING of the final BELL. A swarm of children pours out the door and down the broad front steps, scattering across the lawn toward the cars and the buses. Moving slowly through the crowd, ROBIN and ALEX HAMMOND, nine-year-old identical twins, appear at the doorway.. Attractive, dark-haired children, they seem more sub- dued than the others. As they walk quietly down the stairs, Robin lags behind, staring at a boy teasing a girl nearby. He is NICK MCBRIDE, eleven years old, two grades ahead of Robin and the most popular boy in school. The pretty girl laughing at his antics is KIM HAMMOND, also eleven, Robin's older sister.
1) 1) dialog: C'mon, Robin.
1) 4) dialog: He's got a meeting at the high school. We're supposed to walk home with Kim... (sees Robin watching the young couple) She's too busy. Let's go by ourselves.
1) 6) dialog: Why? Robin is staring at Nick. Alex looks, understands. He's angry.
1) 7) dialog: 
5) 0) text: A Police Officer is getting out of his car. Walking around to the passenger side, he opens the door for an attractive blonde woman in her mid-thirties. VIVIAN HANMOND, Robin's mother, appears pale and haggard as she steps out of the car. Kim and Alex slowly climb out of the back, With the Police Officer escorting her, Vivian and her children move toward the skeleton of a building. Catching sight of her husband framed in a lower window, Vivian suddenly breaks. away from the Police Officer and runs inside the building.
8) 42) text: Morning, Alex. (CONTINUED)    
8) 44) text: Hammond exits. Alex, now sixteen, a tall, slender boy, casts a knowing look at Kim. Kim nods. Alex. shakes his head, then begins to rummage through the Pantry, pulling out a Hostess viTikie. ?lopping down at the table, he flips open his electronics book and begins to read. Munching on his Twinkie, he swipes sips from Kim's glass of milk. KIM
8) 45) text: Have you got a date for tonight? His mouth crammed.full of Twinkie, Alex mumbles his reply. KIM (CONTINUING)
8) 46) text: I happen to know Jude might be available. Of course, she is older, but... Alex almost chokes. ALEX
8) 48) text: Alex! Jude's cute... Besides, she's funny and really smart. Give you somebody to do equations with! ALEX (SARCASTIC)
8) 50) text: Not bad but it's not romance. ALEX
8) 52) text: If you get a chance, dance with Jude once or twice, okay? ALEX
8) 53) text: Sure. He returns her glass of milk, empty. (CONTINUED)     8 CONTINUED: (4) 8 ALEX (CONTINUING)
10) 0) text: Hammond is driving. Vivian stares blankly out the win- dow at the grimy city streets. Sitting in the back, Kim and Alex exchange uncertain glances. A tense si- lence pervades.
12) 0) text: Hammond cuts off the engine and turns to Kim and Alex. HAMMOND
13) 0) text: Alex jumps out of the car and opens the door for his mother. Taking her arm, he helps her out. Kim leans over in the back seat. KIM
17) 15) text: Tonight's the Junior-Senior Prom at our high school. Robin would have been sixteen, She and Alex. FAIRCHILD
17) 16) text: The twins... How is Alex? HAIIOND
19) 0) text: Alex is seated opposite his father in the front seat. Kim is in back. Easy listening MUSIC PLAYS softly on the car RADIO. Alex fiddles with the tuning dial, searching for music more to his tastes. Lost in thought, Hammond does not see the young girl skipping through the pedestrian crossing. KIM (SCREAMS)
19) 1) text: Daddy! Hammond slams on the brakes, throwing Alex against the dashboard.
21) 1) text: You all right? They both nod. Alex massages his wrist. Hammond slips the car into gear and cautiously continues driving. KIM
21) 3) text: I was... He is interrupted by DISCO MUSIC ON the RADIO. Play- ing with the tuning dial, Alex quickly tries to pass over the music. KIM
21) 4) text: Hey, keep that! Alex groans but does as she asks. ALEX
21) 6) text: Alex! (CONTINUED)    
22) 0) text: Hammond, Kim and Alex walk through the empty lot towards the school. Suddenly, we HEAR a loud GRATING SOUND coming from nearby. The sudden noise startles Kim and she huddles against her father. A seedy little middle-aged man with a stubble of gray beard appears from behind a row of bushes, brandishing a pair of electric hedge clippers. HANMMMOND
22) 2) text: He's creepy. ALEX
22) 11) text: Wonderful. Alex? ALEX
38) 0) text: Alex is alone in the large room. ROCK MUSIC BOOMS out of two huge SPEAKERS suspended from the ceiling. Alex sits behind a console, flipping switches and turning dials, electronically distorting the music. A wall TELEPHONE RINGS.. Caught up in his own manufac- tured sounds, Alex ignores it. After several more RINGS, he reluctantly leaves the console and answers the phone. ALEX
48) 4) text: Alex?... What the hell're you doing? ALEX
48) 10) text: Ah... Mr. Sykes... Sykes waits as Hammond hurries across to him. The two men go out together. Alex walks out onto the stage, watches them go.    
51) 0) text: Kim, Jude and Vicki enter the crowded room. MUSIC from several portable RADIOS can be HEARD above the clamor as the girls move into the long lunch line. Kim spots Alex seated nearby and waves to him. (CONTINUED)    
51) 15) text: Have a taste. He kisses her hard on the mouth. Swinging at him, Kim breaks away. Laughing, Lou grabs her wrists and rough- ly pulls her to him. Alex instantly jumps to his feet. LOU (CONTINUING;
51) 16) text: holding Kim close) Be nice... Alex leaps over the metal railing separating the line from the tables. Crashing into Lou, he drives the larger boy back into the salad counter, sending food and utensils flying. As they tumble off the counter onto the floor, Alex gets in several furious punches before Lou's gang can pry him loose. Two of the gang pin Alex against the counter. Wiping blood from his mouth, Lou grins maliciously and slugs Alex in the stomach. The boy groans and doubles over. Lou grabs Alex's hair and slams his head back against the glass shield of the counter. As Lou rears back to throw another punch, his two friends suddenly release Alex and scatter. The boy crumples to the floor. Lou turns around to see two MALE TEACHERS rapidly approaching. The larger teacher grabs Lou. TEACHER
51) 17) text: This time you're out, Perano. Lou points to Alex who is being helped up from the floor. LOU
51) 19) text: I'll bet... Alex? (CONTINUED)     54 CONTINUED: (3) 54
51) 20) text: Alex nods, leaning on the other teacher for support. KIM
51) 21) text: That's not true! Alex was trying to help me. The teacher looks from Kim to Lou to Alex. TEACHER
51) 23) text: Wonder who'll get off with just a warning? Several students laugh. The two Teachers march Lou and Alex through the silent cafeteria. Lou swaggers bask- ing in the attention. Alex walks with his head bowed. They exit.
52) 0) text: Lou and Alex accompany the teachers down the corridor toward the principal's office. Nick and Wendy approach from the opposite direction, talking heatedly. NICK
52) 5) text: Lou! The surprised Lou tries to stop but the Teachers hurry him and Alex past the couple. Wendy watches Nick. LOU
53) 10) text: All right, send them in. The two Male Teachers enter first, followed by Lou and finally Alex. Hammond gives his son a sharp look, then turns to glare at Lou. HAMMOND (CONTINUING ;WEARILY)
53) 14) text: Explanations? He looks at Alex. The boy stares at the floor and says nothing. Hammond holds the mask up to Lou. HAIIOND (CONTINUING)
53) 16) text: I was just foolin' around with this girl... ALEX (INTERRUPTS)
53) 19) text: Is this true, Alex? (CONTINUED)    
53) 25) text: That I'll play favorites? That I'll go easy on Alex because he's my son? (pauses, waiting for Lou to back down and LOOK AWAY)
53) 29) text: If you're not off school grounds in five minutes, I'll have you arrested for trespassing. Lou stalks to the door. Opening it, he turns to Alex. LOU
53) 30) text: See you around. He exits, slamming the door. HAMMOND (WITHOUT LOOKING AT ALEX)
53) 31) text: Have the nurse take a look at you, then get back here. Alex exits. Hammond angrily grabs Lou's ski mask and hurls it at the trash can_    
60) 4) text: My mother's all upset, as usual. My father too... he doesn't show it so much... It's hard to get over something like that. Robin would have been a junior, like Alex. This would've been her first prom... I guess that's'why it seems so much worse this year... She stops, turns and faces Nick. It's hard for him to meet her gaze. KIM (CONTINUING)
61) 3) text: We have to get back. She stands, with her husband's support. Kim and Alex are standing quietly at the foot of the grave. Vivian looks at them both. Her eyes hold a terrible rage, a terrible sadness. Hammond carefully guides her away. Kim has a flower of her own, a white rose, which she drops on her sister's grave. She turns, meets Alex's stare, moves off after her parents. Alex remains a mo- ment longer, then. he, too, goes.
73) 7) text: Onstage! Tell Alex we're ready. Alex emerges from the booth. DAVY MATLOCK, a pudgy, fifteen-year-old sophomore and Alex's technical assis- tant, leans out behind him. (CONTINUED)     81 81 CONTINUED: ALEX
73) 9) text: Wonderful. You can be Mr. Hanunond for the rehearsal! Alex groans. Kim smiles as Nick joins her. She takes his hand, clutches it. They start to walk away, talk- ing quietly. Nick puts his arm around her. HENRI-ANNE (CONTINUING)
74) 9) text: All right, Alex, start the tape. A TRUMPET FANFARE BLARES OUT of the SPEAKERS. HENRI-ANNE (CONTINUING; SHOUTING)
74) 12) text: The King and Queen of the George Winston High School Junion-Senior Prom for 1980 -- Nick McBride and Kim Hammond! They meet backstage center and turn towards the parting curtain. Henri-Anne stands at the front of the stage, her hand resting on Alex's shoulder, as Kim and Nick proceed downstage. (CONTINUED)    
74) 22) text: If she ever graduates... Nick and Kim stop downstage center. HENRI-ANNE (SHOVING ALEX FORWARD)
74) 23) text: Now, Alex. Self-consciously, Alex stumbles up to Kim and pretends to give her a bouquet of roses. (CONTINUED)    
74) 25) text: That's it, Alex. Now kiss her! ALEX
74) 27) text: Alex! Alex awkwardly kisses Kim on the cheek. HENRI-ANNE (CONTINUING)
74) 28) text: Now the king. ALEX
74) 30) text: On the mouth! Kim laughs at Alex's discomfort. HENRI-ANNE
74) 32) text: Alex, step back... Alex moves next to her. HENRI -ANNE (CONTINUING)
82) 0) text: As Kim walks down the hallway, she notices that Alex's door is closed. She enters her bedroom.
94) 2) text: As she gently tracks the perf me across her skin, she is startled by another reflection in her mirror. Whirling around, she sees Alex. Standing up, she pir- ouettes and curtsies before her brother. KIM
94) 3) text: Well? Alex gapes, stunned by his sister's appearance. ALEX (FINALLY)
94) 5) text: You like? ALEX
94) 8) text: You want to help or just leer? ALEX
94) 10) text: Pin this on me, you creep, late. Alex takes the corsage. As he attaches the bright red flower on her gown, she playfully dabs perfume on his neck. He pulls back, pricking himself on the pin. ALEX
94) 16) text: er's face is revealed. It is the nine-year-old Alex. Kim cradles the killer on the ground. She turns his head toward the light. We SEE his face full-on. VIVIA N
94) 17) text: Robin! She rushes forward, lunging for the body. Hammond grabs her, restraining her. Alex's dark eyes stare back unseeing at his family. His resemblance to his dead twin sister is uncanny. His hair falls onto his forehead in bangs, as Robin's had done seven years before. His makeup has been slop- pily applied. The rouged cheeks and the smudged red lips amplify the grotesque impersonation. Kim strokes her brother's hair. Hammond presses his hysterical wife to him. The onlookers slowly close in. We SLOWLY DISSOLVE FROM Alex's face TO a photograph of the Hammond family taken seven years earlier. We MOVE IN CLOSE ON the twins. Alex and Robin are smiling. FADE OUT. THE END