1) 39) dialog: 
3) 33) dialog: 
8) 46) text: I happen to know Jude might be available. Of course, she is older, but... Alex almost chokes. ALEX
8) 48) text: Alex! Jude's cute... Besides, she's funny and really smart. Give you somebody to do equations with! ALEX (SARCASTIC)
8) 52) text: If you get a chance, dance with Jude once or twice, okay? ALEX
32) 0) text: Jude Cunningham is leaving her house when the TELE- PHONE RINGS. The chubby, brown-haired girl rushes back into the hallway. A plump, middle-aged woman hurries out of the kitchen, wiping her hands on an apron. MRS. CUNNINGHAM eagerly watches her daughter snap up the receiver. The pause, the HEAVY BREATHING and the strange, terrifying voice. TELEPHONE VOICE
32) 1) text: J-Jude? T-t-tonight it's my-my t-t-turn! A disappointed Jude slowly replaces the receiver. Mrs. Cunningham looks on sympathetically. Still no date? JUDE
32) 5) text: An obscene call... and not very obscene at that! Mrs. Cunningham starts to say something. JUDE (CONTINUING)
32) 6) text: Sorry, Mom, gotta run. Giving her mother a quick peck on the cheek, Jude exits.
33) 0) text: The small house appears almost identical to the other dwellings in this lower-middle-class neighborhood. Jude pulls an apple from her large purse, munching while she walks to the bus stop. A gaudily-painted van pulls up alongside her. The win- dow slowly rolls down and a young curly-haired GUY wearing glasses sticks out his head. GUY
33) 1) text: Hey, beautiful, need a lift? Jude continues walking, the van moving slowly alongside her. JUDE
33) 3) text: C'mon, I won't bite. Jude chomps down hard on her apple. JUDE
33) 5) text: Seymour Stone but.. He's cut short as the van bounces up onto the sidewalk. Jude shrieks. The flustered boy steers the van quickly back onto the road. (CONTINUED)    
33) 7) text: but they call me Slick! Jude laughs, almost choking on her apple. JUDE
33) 9) text: Old enough... JUDE
33) 11) text: Just some girls... If they're good lookin' I give 'em a ride. JUDE (SMILING)
33) 12) text: Can you stop that thing? Slick jams on the brakes. The van jerks to a halt. He opens the passenger door. JUDE (CONTINUING)
34) 0) text: The interior is decked out in plush red carpet with a bed in back, a stereo cassette deck, and a small fridge. MUSIC is PLAYING. Jude looks around. JUDE
34) 2) text: Cheap?... that's a two hundred dollar waterbed there... Jude turns around for a look. (CONTINUED)     35 CONTINUED: 35 SLICK (CONTINUING)
34) 3) text: Hand me that history book. JUDE
35) 0) text: The air is thick with smoke. JUDE (COUGHING)
35) 3) text: Sixteen! JUDE (CONSIDERING
35) 5) text: You going to the prom tonight? Jude looks away, embarrassed. JUDE
35) 11) text: Yeah, right... Jude watches him. He's slow picking up her hint. JUDE
35) 14) text: Hey, you think... JUDE
35) 15) text: I'd love to! She kisses him on the cheek. JUDE (CONTINUING)
41) 7) text: Dual headers... thinks he's a fox... Dust'll run you... long and slinky and tight... swings like my mother... how much for half a lid? Jude joins Kim and Vicki as they walk. JUDE
41) 9) text: Jude. (CONTINUED)    
41) 11) text: Missed you on the bus today. JUDE
41) 14) text: Vicki... JUDE (IGNORING VICKI)
41) 17) text: None of your business. JUDE (BLASE)
41) 19) text: Jude! Jude can hold it back no longer. JUDE (EXPLODES)
41) 20) text: I'm going to the prom! Kim. and Vicki excitedly hug Jude. A big, bushy-haired youth with a stubble of beard strolls by, smirking when he sees the girls embracing. LOU PERANO, a twenty-year- old high school junior, stops and stares. LOU
41) 23) text: (to Vicki and Jude) Let's go. They head down the hallway to their lockers. Lou tags along. LOU
41) 36) text: Worked real well. The BELL RINGS signalling first period class. Kim turns to Vicki and Jude. KIM (CONTINUING)
41) 38) text: Kim? Kim does not turn back. Walking next to her, Vicki watches her friend curiously. Kim giggles. A sneaky smile creeps across her face. JUDE (GRINNING)
41) 41) text: Oh no you don't... (turns back and calls to Nick) She's smiling, Nick. Big grin spread all over her face. Kim punches her friend but the damage is done. Nick grins broadly. Blushing, Kim turns back, flashes him a quick smile and disappears around a corner to the hoots of Vicki and Jude.
49) 0) text: First period biology class features MONTY WELLER, a tall, thin Englishman in his late thirties. This stuf- fy, dour science teacher drones on about the joys of ex- ploring frog vertebrae while most of his class naps, daydreams or passes notes. Seated in the back near the door, Jude is furtively opening a handwritten note. She quickly reads it. Stifling a giggle, she looks up to see Kim and Vicki across the aisle, eagerly awaiting her reply. Jude tears out part of a page from her biology book and scrawls her answer. Folding the note, she taps the boy next to her and motions for him to pass it on. Vicki grabs the note from the boy. Quickly scanning it, she nods, impressed. Kim reads it and mouths the word "Wow" to Jude who blushes happily. Glancing out into the hallway, Jude notices Slick walk- ing past. Seeing her in class, he stops and waves. Jude frantically tries to motion him away. Their backs to the door, Kim and Vicki watch with curiosity as Jude gestures in their direction. Seeing her friends watching her, Jude smiles and tries to ignore Slick. Not to be denied, he exaggeratedly mimes Weller, nose to his textbook, lecturing on, oblivious to his class. Jude laughs in spite of herself. Kim and Vicki turn around. Glancing out the door, the two girls stare in disbelief at the small weird curly-haired boy doing a perfect im- itation of the eminently boring Weller. Their surprise turns to hilarity as they realize this boy must be Jude's prom date. Kim holds up the note, raising her eyebrows as she gestures toward Slick. Jude nods. Kim and Vicki can barely contain their laughter. They do not notice Mr. Weller eyeing them suspiciously as he rattles on about frog intestines. Slick mouths the words, "See you at lunch.., in the van." Jude nods and smiles. With a final bow and a wave, he exits. Kim suddenly looks up to find a red-faced Mr. Weller looming above her. WELLER
49) 4) text: Now, Miss Hammond! Kim swallows and steals a quick glance at her friends. Vicki winces. Jude tries to disappear beneath her, seat. KIM
49) 14) text: After school, Miss Hammond. One hour detention study hall... you and your friends! Kim looks from Jude to Vicki. KIM
50) 0) text: A hand is flipping through the pages of the Winston High yearbook, the back pages where the individual photographs of graduating students are placed. The hand stops, moves across an open page to a smiling head shot of Nick McBride. The hand rips the picture from the page, sets it down on a plain wooden desk alongside three other pictures -with similar torn edges. The other pictures are of Jude Cunningham, Kelly Lynch, and Wendy Richards. The yearbook is slammed shut.
51) 0) text: Kim, Jude and Vicki enter the crowded room. MUSIC from several portable RADIOS can be HEARD above the clamor as the girls move into the long lunch line. Kim spots Alex seated nearby and waves to him. (CONTINUED)    
51) 2) text: Here comes the incredible hunk himself. Jude looks up to see Slick slowly making his way down the line towards them. He is carrying a tray piled high with snack food: potato chips, cookies, candy. Jude smiles as he passes her, grinning. KIM
51) 3) text: Looks like a party. JUDE
60) 11) text: Yeah... I'll see you later. She hesitates a moment, then kisses him quickly, turns and goes. Nick looks shaken up. He stares after her as she hurries away. Behind Nick, in the other corner of the parking lot, a metal door slides open, loud RAUNCHY ROCK and ROLL sud- denly infests the air. Nick turns, sees Jude climbing out of Slick's van. Jude looks about as stoned as she can get. She spots Nick, waves. JUDE
61) 7) text: That's enough for today, ladies. We don't want you all worn out for the ball tonight. Kim, Jude and Kelly gather'around with the other girls. JUDE (GIGGLING)
61) 9) text: Shhh! Kelly takes Jude aside as Kim and Vicki approach Henri Anne. KIM (CONTINUING; WHISPERS)
62) 0) text: Kim and Vicki, and behind them, Jude and Kelly are walking back to the gym and the dressing rooms from the tennis courts. Vicki's in high spirits and Jude still can't stop giggling. Vicki spots old Sykes heading out toward the playing field. She calls out to him. (CONTINUED)     57- 67 CONTIPRJED 67 VICKI
62) 4) text: This is just for you... She turns, bends over, quickly yanks down her shorts and moons him. There's a squeal of laughter from Jude and from Kelly. Vicki whips her shorts back up and runs to the gym door, the other girls in pursuit. Kim looks back at Sykes. He's just standing in the field, not moving. There's a look in his eyes.
72) 3) text: It worked! She lets out a whoop, embraces Jude. Kim stands back, somehow less impressed.
76) 0) text: Jude approaches her locker, stops. There's a picture taped to her locker door, her picture, ripped out of the Winston High Yearbook. She looks at it, reaches up and pulls it off the door. She winces, looks at her finger. It's bleeding. She looks at the picture. There's a tiny sliver of glass embedded in it. Jude hears SOMEONE COMING. She turns to see Kelly com- ing toward her. KELLY
76) 1) text: Jude... look... She has something in her hand. It's a photo of her, a, Yearbook photo with the same torn edges. Jude holds up her version. KELLY (CONTINUING)