1) 41) dialog: Yes, Nick!
2) 0) text: Robin climbs up onto the floor and peers into the dark, gloomy structure. Suddenly, she hears a SHRIEK. Ter- rified, she backs against a wall. LAUGHTER FOLLOWS im- mediately and Robin hears Kelly's VOICE TAKING UP the chant. As the three "killers" move through the vast structure searching for Wendy, "KILL, KILT" ECHOES off the walls and hardwood floors. Robin cautiously steps out of the doorway into the im- mense unfinished lobby. Ominous shadows slash across the floor as the excited girl listens to the relentless CHANTING of the children. Robin pushes on a makeshift wooden door. It slips off its temporary hinges, crashing down to the floor. The NOISE is like a rifle shot; suddenly, there is ABSOLUTE SILENCE in the structure. Petrified, Robin crouches behind a wall, waiting. The CHANTING quickly RESUMES and she breathes a long sigh of relief. Robin moves through a dark corridor, hugging the walls. Flushed with excitement, she imagines herself a "killer" searching for Wendy. As she moves past an empty room, she hears a SOFT GIGGLE. Robin stops and listens care- fully. Once again she hears the GIGGLE, LOUDER this time, coming from nearby. Stepping to a doorway, she leans around the corner and peers inside. In the darkness she can see nothing. Gathering her courage, she quietly slips into the room. The room appears empty but a closet door is slightly ajar. As Robin approaches, she hears a FAINT GASP from behind her. Whirling around, she sees Wendy crouched behind a cardboard box in the corner.
3) 38) dialog: 
3) 41) dialog: I swear. Wendy turns to Nick. At first he appears defiant, ready to object, but he wilts under her withering gaze.
22) 5) text: Kelly says he's a pervert, spying on the girls undressing in the locker room. HAIIOND
29) 0) text: Kelly Lynch is just finishing breakfast when the TELEPHONE RINGS. The petite blonde eighteen-year-old stuffs a last bite of toast into her mouth and picks up the receiver. KELLY (MUMBLING )
29) 1) text: Hullo? A pause, then HEAVY BREATHING. Kelly's eyes grow wide as the dreadful voice speaks. TELEPHONE VOICE
29) 2) text: K-K-Kelly? T-tonight it's m-m-ГЇВїВЅIZ Horrified, Kelly drops the phone. The DOORBELL RINGS. Frightened, she gasps, hugging the wall. The DOORBELL RINGS again. Very slowly she moves out of the kitchen.
30) 0) text: Kelly cautiously approaches the front door. Peering through a crack in the drapes, she sees a dark figure huddled near the door. With the latch secured, she takes a deep breath and opens the door. KELLY
30) 6) text: She looks up at him. KELLY
30) 8) text: Nightmare? KELLY
30) 10) text: What'd you get, a heavy breather? KELLY
30) 12) text: Turned you on did he? Maybe I should try that! She breaks from his grasp. KELLY
31) 0) text: Drew is driving, his-arm around Kelly. She still appears shaken by the telephone call. The RADIO is ON. His right hand slowly descends towards her breast. She swats it away. The hand moves to her back, slid- ing down. She leans back, pinning his arm against the seat. The car stops at a light and Drew is instantly on Kelly, biting her neck and kissing her hard on the mouth. She pushes him back. KELLY (ANGRY)
31) 2) text: We'll get there... eventually. KELLY
31) 4) text: Hell, you should be glad. A lot of girls would love to have someone steady like me. His irrepressible right hand starts up her leg. KELLY (MOCK-SWEETLY)
41) 24) text: You girls get bored with each other, I'm always around, you know? They pass Kelly and Drew huddled at her locker. His hands rest on her shoulders. They are talking intently. VICKI
50) 0) text: A hand is flipping through the pages of the Winston High yearbook, the back pages where the individual photographs of graduating students are placed. The hand stops, moves across an open page to a smiling head shot of Nick McBride. The hand rips the picture from the page, sets it down on a plain wooden desk alongside three other pictures -with similar torn edges. The other pictures are of Jude Cunningham, Kelly Lynch, and Wendy Richards. The yearbook is slammed shut.
61) 7) text: That's enough for today, ladies. We don't want you all worn out for the ball tonight. Kim, Jude and Kelly gather'around with the other girls. JUDE (GIGGLING)
61) 9) text: Shhh! Kelly takes Jude aside as Kim and Vicki approach Henri Anne. KIM (CONTINUING; WHISPERS)
62) 0) text: Kim and Vicki, and behind them, Jude and Kelly are walking back to the gym and the dressing rooms from the tennis courts. Vicki's in high spirits and Jude still can't stop giggling. Vicki spots old Sykes heading out toward the playing field. She calls out to him. (CONTINUED)     57- 67 CONTIPRJED 67 VICKI
62) 4) text: This is just for you... She turns, bends over, quickly yanks down her shorts and moons him. There's a squeal of laughter from Jude and from Kelly. Vicki whips her shorts back up and runs to the gym door, the other girls in pursuit. Kim looks back at Sykes. He's just standing in the field, not moving. There's a look in his eyes.
63) 0) text: Kim and Kelly are undressing. Three girls pass them headin g for the showers. KELLY
63) 2) text: Vicki's sex life is more talk than action. Besides, Drew wants you. KELLY
63) 4) text: Let him. KELLY
63) 9) text: Just be a minute... Kim and Kelly hang up their towels and step into the showers. KELLY
63) 11) text: What about us? Wendy finishes brushing her hair, shoots Kim.a dark look, exits. KELLY
63) 13) text: Maybe I asked him... Kelly looks at her friend.
65) 0) text: Wendy's SCREAM is all but DROWNED OUT by the SHOWERS. Rinsing off, Kim and Kelly hear nothing. KELLY
65) 2) text: Let him? She looks at Kelly. Neither girl hears the SQUISH of RUBBER SOLES moving across the wet tile floor. Suddenly there are LOUD VOICES. Melanie comes through from the locker room, laughing. Behind her, Wendy's ANGRY WORDS are AUDIBLE.
65) 4) text: (to Kim and Kelly) You should've seen her jump... Nadia Comenici never did better... Wendy storms in. She's got the photo in her hand. She waves it at Kim and Kelly. WENDY
65) 10) text: You're all... children... She storms out. Melanie looks at Kim and Kelly, shrugs, follows Wendy. A DOOR SLAMS in the locker room. Kim and Kelly look at each other, laugh, turn their faces back to the steaming water. Neither one hears the SOUND across the room, a HARSH RHYTHMIC HEAVY BREATHING. Kelly bends her head away from the water, clears her eyes., She squints out through the steam at the big wall mirror across the room. She sees something. She steps back into Kim, her eyes wide with fear. KIM
65) 11) text: Watch it... Kelly covers her breasts with her arms, presses against the wall, terrified. Suddenly there's an EXPLOSION of SOUND. Kim screams, jumps back, stares. There's a jagged hole in the cen- ter of the mirror, huge cracks radiating from it, spidering across its surface. For a moment no one moves. Splinters of GLASS TRICKLE down to the floor. There's no other sound. Kim grabs for her towel, steps out of the shower, looks. There's no one. She heads for the locker room door. Kelly runs after her. KELLY KIM 1    
66) 0) text: Kim rushes into the room, Kelly right behind her. There's no one. Kelly is quivering. She clutches at Kim's arm. Kim looks at her. KIM
66) 1) text: What did you see? Kelly just shakes her head. KELLY
66) 2) text: Just... just... a shadow or.,. Kim heads for the exit door across the room. Kelly stays with her.
68) 0) text: Kim turns back.to Kelly who's started to cry. KELLY
68) 1) text: Someone was there! Someone was... in there... Kim is taking charge. She moves cautiously back to the shower room door, opens it, looks in. She gasps. KELLY (CONTINUING)
68) 2) text: What? What!s wrong? Kelly's on the edge of hysteria. She runs over to Kim. They both look.
76) 0) text: Jude approaches her locker, stops. There's a picture taped to her locker door, her picture, ripped out of the Winston High Yearbook. She looks at it, reaches up and pulls it off the door. She winces, looks at her finger. It's bleeding. She looks at the picture. There's a tiny sliver of glass embedded in it. Jude hears SOMEONE COMING. She turns to see Kelly com- ing toward her. KELLY
76) 1) text: Jude... look... She has something in her hand. It's a photo of her, a, Yearbook photo with the same torn edges. Jude holds up her version. KELLY (CONTINUING)