1) 0) text: SUPER: April 27, 1973 All is quiet outside this suburban school on a sunny Friday afternoon. Cars idle in the driveway awaiting the three o'clock onslaught of liberated children. Two faded yellow buses stand ready. The lull is shattered by the CLANGING of the final BELL. A swarm of children pours out the door and down the broad front steps, scattering across the lawn toward the cars and the buses. Moving slowly through the crowd, ROBIN and ALEX HAMMOND, nine-year-old identical twins, appear at the doorway.. Attractive, dark-haired children, they seem more sub- dued than the others. As they walk quietly down the stairs, Robin lags behind, staring at a boy teasing a girl nearby. He is NICK MCBRIDE, eleven years old, two grades ahead of Robin and the most popular boy in school. The pretty girl laughing at his antics is KIM HAMMOND, also eleven, Robin's older sister.
1) 38) dialog: You, Wendy!
1) 44) dialog: The killer is coming for you! He moves into the building, chanting "Kill, kill.," in a low monotone. As he disappears from view, Robin cau- tiously edges out of the bushes and moves up to the building. NICK (O.S. The killer strikes!
2) 10) dialog: 
3) 12) dialog: 
3) 42) dialog: 
26) 1) text: Nick? A long pause, followed by HEAVY BREATHING. Wendy is about to respond when the inhuman VOICE speaks in an eerie, androgynous stutter. TELEPHONE VOICE
30) 3) text: Oh, Drew, thank God! She throws herself into the arms of the pleasantly sur- prised DREW SHINNICK, a muscular blond athlete. DREW
36) 2) text: Let's go, son! A handsome dark-haired boy of eighteen emerges from a back room. He's Nick McBride. His father pulls open the front door. MCBRIDE (CONTINUING)
36) 3) text: For a guy who moves so fast around a disco floor, you are the slowest goddamn thing... Nick nods sleepily, yawns. NICK
36) 4) text: Right, I know... McBride steps out into the hallway. Nick grabs his books and follows. The TELEPHONE RINGS. Nick hesi- tates. Shaking his head he exits, shutting the door.
37) 1) text: Why didn't you answer i NICK
37) 3) text: I thought you two broke up. The TELEPHONE continues to RING. NICK
37) 5) text: Aren't you going with the Hammond girl? The principal's daughter? NICK (SMILES)
40) 5) text: Thinking about Nick, maybe? KIM
40) 7) text: You wish! Nick is King of the Prom, you happen to be Queen of the Prom... that's all there is to it, Hammond... As far as anything else... Nick is mine... KIM
40) 9) text: I'm telling you, okay? Stay away from Nick! KIM
40) 10) text: You and Nick haven't been together in ages. WENDY
41) 25) text: Poor girl must be exhausted. Look how he has to hold her up... (sees Nick approaching WITH WENDY)
41) 28) text: I'm saving it for you. Kim sighs with disgust and turns around as Nick walks up talking to Wendy. NICK
41) 31) text: Hello, Nick. Seeing Kim, Wendy quickly reaches up and kisses Nick on the mouth. WENDY
41) 37) text: We'd better go. Kim brushes past Nick without a word. The two girls ex- change puzzled glances and follow her. NICK (WORRIED)
41) 41) text: Oh no you don't... (turns back and calls to Nick) She's smiling, Nick. Big grin spread all over her face. Kim punches her friend but the damage is done. Nick grins broadly. Blushing, Kim turns back, flashes him a quick smile and disappears around a corner to the hoots of Vicki and Jude.
44) 0) text: A class of senior male students occupies the water, among them Nick McBride and Drew Shinnick. With no Phys. Ed. instructor in sight, it's a general goof-off period. Nick walks out onto the diving board. Drew is treading water below him.
45) 0) text: Nick launches himself out over Drew in an apparent belly-flop. At the last moment, he tucks in and hits the water in a flipped over cannonball. He surfaces to a chorus of whistles and cheers. It was a close shave. DREW
45) 1) text: You wanta take care of yourself, man... Kim's expecting a lot from you tonight... Nick laughs.
50) 0) text: A hand is flipping through the pages of the Winston High yearbook, the back pages where the individual photographs of graduating students are placed. The hand stops, moves across an open page to a smiling head shot of Nick McBride. The hand rips the picture from the page, sets it down on a plain wooden desk alongside three other pictures -with similar torn edges. The other pictures are of Jude Cunningham, Kelly Lynch, and Wendy Richards. The yearbook is slammed shut.
52) 0) text: Lou and Alex accompany the teachers down the corridor toward the principal's office. Nick and Wendy approach from the opposite direction, talking heatedly. NICK
52) 2) text: You never had it so good as with me. NICK
52) 5) text: Lou! The surprised Lou tries to stop but the Teachers hurry him and Alex past the couple. Wendy watches Nick. LOU
52) 8) text: Wendy turns to see Nick's reaction but he is already walking towards the cafeteria. The irate girl glares after him.
60) 1) text: Nick and Kim walk slowly along the rim of the bluffs. Nick has his arm around her. She leans into him. KIM
60) 4) text: My mother's all upset, as usual. My father too... he doesn't show it so much... It's hard to get over something like that. Robin would have been a junior, like Alex. This would've been her first prom... I guess that's'why it seems so much worse this year... She stops, turns and faces Nick. It's hard for him to meet her gaze. KIM (CONTINUING)
60) 5) text: The Queen of the Prom is determined not to let it get to her... She must maintain her... whatever, at all costs.. She tries a weak smile. Nick stares at her, then sud- denly takes her, pulls her to him, embraces her. She's caught by surprise, but she responds. She smiles. KIN
60) 7) text: Di. 64 CONTINUED: 64 NICK
60) 8) text: I'm... I want you to know that... Robin's death... I remember it and I've always been... so sorry about it... Kim looks puzzled. NICK (CONTINUING)
60) 9) text: I mean... I know what you're feeling... I've... (looks at her) :Listen I... Across the school parking lot a CAR HORN BLARES, inter- rupts Nick. Kim reacts. KIM
60) 10) text: That's my father... I've got to go, Okay? NICK
60) 11) text: Yeah... I'll see you later. She hesitates a moment, then kisses him quickly, turns and goes. Nick looks shaken up. He stares after her as she hurries away. Behind Nick, in the other corner of the parking lot, a metal door slides open, loud RAUNCHY ROCK and ROLL sud- denly infests the air. Nick turns, sees Jude climbing out of Slick's van. Jude looks about as stoned as she can get. She spots Nick, waves. JUDE
60) 12) text: Hey, Nick! Nick turns and heads the other way.
63) 10) text: What about you and Nick? KIM
73) 6) text: Nick! Nick pokes his head out of the sound booth set on a platform near the stage. HENRI-ANNE (CONTINUING)
73) 9) text: Wonderful. You can be Mr. Hanunond for the rehearsal! Alex groans. Kim smiles as Nick joins her. She takes his hand, clutches it. They start to walk away, talk- ing quietly. Nick puts his arm around her. HENRI-ANNE (CONTINUING)
73) 10) text: Nick! Kim! Come with me. Henri-Anne bounds up onto the stage. Kim and Nick fol- low her behind the curtain.
74) 1) text: You'll wait here... (looks around for NICK)
74) 2) text: Nick? Nick silently creeps from behind a partition and moves up directly behind Henri-Anne. He mimes choking her, a crazed expression on his face. Kim has to laugh at his clowning. HENRI-ANNE CONTINUING; WHIRLS AROUND)
74) 3) text: Nick! NICK (GRINS)
74) 5) text: You have to stand up here tonight, not me. If you don't know what to do, you'll look the fool! Nick glances at Kim. She shrugs. (CONTINUED)     65- 82 CONTINUED: 82 HENRI-ANNE (CONTINUIN G)
74) 6) text: Come along. Nick follows her to the opposite wing. Kim cannot see them from her position. HENRI-ANNE
74) 11) text: Start walking -- slowly! Kim begins to cross the stage. She smiles when she spots Nick. The curtain slowly opens. VOICE (TAPED)
74) 12) text: The King and Queen of the George Winston High School Junion-Senior Prom for 1980 -- Nick McBride and Kim Hammond! They meet backstage center and turn towards the parting curtain. Henri-Anne stands at the front of the stage, her hand resting on Alex's shoulder, as Kim and Nick proceed downstage. (CONTINUED)    
74) 14) text: These two seniors were selected by their fellow students as the most popular boy and girl in the class.. NICK
74) 19) text: Nick is a three-sport letterman and president of the Key Club. He plans to attend State University in the fall. KIM
74) 21) text: Kim is the head cheerleader and ranked number one on the girls' tennis team. She hopes to become a teacher. NICK
74) 22) text: If she ever graduates... Nick and Kim stop downstage center. HENRI-ANNE (SHOVING ALEX FORWARD)
74) 29) text: Kiss the king? NICK
74) 33) text: Kim and Nick, start down the.. (looks at the STAGE APRON)
74) 38) text: I'll find them, Miss Benton. Henri-Anne turns back to Nick and Kim. HENRI-ANNE
74) 39) text: You'll descend the steps... Nick and Kim climb down from the stage. HENRI-ANNE (CONTINUING)
74) 40) text: Nick, give Kim your arm... (as he does) Move to the center of the floor. Nick and Kim self-consciously cross the room, aware that everyone is watching them. HENRI-ANNE (CONTINUING)
84) 2) text: Now, are we all set?... It better. I don't want her to ever forget tonight!... Okay, 'bye. Wendy hangs up the receiver and glances at her night table. A photograph of a grinning Nick McBride stares back. Wendy smiles and caresses her gown.
93) 0) text: The figure climbs out of his car, gazes at the fading taillights of the Hammond car. The figure is Nick McBride.