1) 37) dialog: I want to play 'Murder.' Who's the killer?
1) 42) dialog: 
2) 0) text: Robin climbs up onto the floor and peers into the dark, gloomy structure. Suddenly, she hears a SHRIEK. Ter- rified, she backs against a wall. LAUGHTER FOLLOWS im- mediately and Robin hears Kelly's VOICE TAKING UP the chant. As the three "killers" move through the vast structure searching for Wendy, "KILL, KILT" ECHOES off the walls and hardwood floors. Robin cautiously steps out of the doorway into the im- mense unfinished lobby. Ominous shadows slash across the floor as the excited girl listens to the relentless CHANTING of the children. Robin pushes on a makeshift wooden door. It slips off its temporary hinges, crashing down to the floor. The NOISE is like a rifle shot; suddenly, there is ABSOLUTE SILENCE in the structure. Petrified, Robin crouches behind a wall, waiting. The CHANTING quickly RESUMES and she breathes a long sigh of relief. Robin moves through a dark corridor, hugging the walls. Flushed with excitement, she imagines herself a "killer" searching for Wendy. As she moves past an empty room, she hears a SOFT GIGGLE. Robin stops and listens care- fully. Once again she hears the GIGGLE, LOUDER this time, coming from nearby. Stepping to a doorway, she leans around the corner and peers inside. In the darkness she can see nothing. Gathering her courage, she quietly slips into the room. The room appears empty but a closet door is slightly ajar. As Robin approaches, she hears a FAINT GASP from behind her. Whirling around, she sees Wendy crouched behind a cardboard box in the corner.
2) 1) dialog: 
2) 12) dialog: 
2) 14) dialog: 
3) 0) text: Darting into the large room, Robin collapses against a wall, gasping for breath. As her eyes adjusts to the darkness, she spies a rickety ladder extending through a hole in the floor to the basement below. Stacked up- right near the opening are several sheets of window glass. Before Robin can make a move towards the lad- der, she hears a horrible SCREECH and Wendy appears in the doorway, a vicious look on her face.
3) 1) dialog: Killers, here! Wendy advances. Terrified, Robin begins to back away.
3) 14) dialog: Are you crazy? They'll put us in jail! Confused, Nick cannot reply. The other girls grow silent.
3) 15) dialog: 
3) 17) dialog: 
3) 29) dialog: 
3) 31) dialog: 
3) 35) dialog: Kelly? Kelly looks from Wendy to the mangled body and begins to whimper.
3) 36) dialog: 
3) 40) dialog: Swear!
3) 44) dialog: 
26) 0) text: A pink TELEPHONE RINGS. The plush bedroom is empty; suddenly Wendy Richards rushes in. Now eighteen, Wendy is a raven-haired beauty with a full figure, accentua- ted by a low-cut black blouse and tight designer jeans. Tossing her books onto the bed, she eagerly grabs the receiver. WENDY (BREATHLESSLY)
26) 1) text: Nick? A long pause, followed by HEAVY BREATHING. Wendy is about to respond when the inhuman VOICE speaks in an eerie, androgynous stutter. TELEPHONE VOICE
26) 2) text: W-Wendy? T-t-tonight it's m-m-my t-turn! Wendy's shock quickly turns to anger. WENDY
26) 3) text: Screw you, Lou! Wendy slams the receiver into its cradle. Grabbing her books, she storms out of her bedroom.
27) 0) text: Wendy hurries do-in the ornate staircase. Waiting at the bottom holding the girl's sweater is MAUDE, the Richards' elderly housekeeper. MAUDE
27) 1) text: You be home for dinner, Wendy? Wendy angrily grabs her sweater from the woman. WENDY
28) 0) text: The expansive residence sits back off the road in this upper-middle-class suburb. Wendy climbs into her white Mustang and starts the engine. TIRES SQUEALING, she ROARS out of the driveway with the RADIO BLASTING.
37) 2) text: It's just Wendy. She's pissed off. She wants me to take her to the prom tonight. MCBRIDE
37) 4) text: Three months ago... you can't tell Wendy anything she doesn't want to hear. MCBRIDE
40) 4) text: Yes, as a matter of fact... I was just... WENDY
40) 6) text: That's my business. WENDY
40) 8) text: You really ought to tell him that. WENDY
40) 10) text: You and Nick haven't been together in ages. WENDY
40) 12) text: Really? So who are you going with tonight? WENDY
40) 14) text: I'll try and remember that. WENDY
41) 2) text: Wendy's a jerk!
41) 25) text: Poor girl must be exhausted. Look how he has to hold her up... (sees Nick approaching WITH WENDY)
41) 28) text: I'm saving it for you. Kim sighs with disgust and turns around as Nick walks up talking to Wendy. NICK
41) 29) text: Wendy, for Christ sake, I never... (SEES KIM)
41) 30) text: Kim! KIM (IGNORING WENDY)
41) 31) text: Hello, Nick. Seeing Kim, Wendy quickly reaches up and kisses Nick on the mouth. WENDY
41) 32) text: We'll talk about it later, lover. Bye. Wendy smiles and strolls away. Lou follows her. (CONTINUED)    
50) 0) text: A hand is flipping through the pages of the Winston High yearbook, the back pages where the individual photographs of graduating students are placed. The hand stops, moves across an open page to a smiling head shot of Nick McBride. The hand rips the picture from the page, sets it down on a plain wooden desk alongside three other pictures -with similar torn edges. The other pictures are of Jude Cunningham, Kelly Lynch, and Wendy Richards. The yearbook is slammed shut.
52) 0) text: Lou and Alex accompany the teachers down the corridor toward the principal's office. Nick and Wendy approach from the opposite direction, talking heatedly. NICK
52) 1) text: I don't care who. Just somebody else! WENDY (BITTER)
52) 3) text: I've got it now... better! WENDY (ANGRILY)
52) 5) text: Lou! The surprised Lou tries to stop but the Teachers hurry him and Alex past the couple. Wendy watches Nick. LOU
52) 6) text: (turning back to Wendy) I got this appointment. (CONTINUED)    
52) 8) text: Wendy turns to see Nick's reaction but he is already walking towards the cafeteria. The irate girl glares after him.
54) 1) text: Watch for me, little girl. You know I'm just a kiss away. Lou laughs and walks off toward the parking lot. Kim shudders. Wendy's white Mustang slides up to the curb. The pass- enger window rolls down and Lou leans over to look in- side. After a moment he climbs in and the MUSTANG PEELS out of the lot, leaving twin black tread marks in its wake. KIM
55) 0) text: Wendy's white Mustang streaks through traffic, dodging in and out of lanes, running yellows, burning around corners.    
56) 0) text: Lou sits pinned to the passenger seat, eyes wide, staring straight ahead as if he can't quite believe this trip. His bravado seems to have left him. He glances over at Wendy in the driver's seat. She's puffing on a cigarette, handling the wheel almost casually. She's in control,
58) 0) text: Lou's still pinned to his seat. Wendy shuts off the engine, looks at him. He looks at her, lets out a long deep breath. A cute little CAR-HOP in a cut-off costume and roller skates glides over. She leans into Wendy's window, talks through a wad of gum. CAR-HOP
58) 1) text: Ready to order? WENDY (TO LOU)
58) 3) text: I'm uh... a little short on cash.. WENDY
58) 9) text: (nods to Wendy) She'll have the same. WENDY
58) 10) text: A small diet cola. WENDY
58) 11) text: That ' sit. The Car-hop shrugs, wheels away. Wendy turns to Lou. WENDY
58) 13) text: Whatta you mean, serious? I hate that school, Hammond and his asshole family... WENDY
58) 15) text: You got it... anything your little heart desires... WENDY
58) 19) text: He caresses her cheek and lips, then kisses her. At first reluctant, Wendy quickly takes over. When they finally break from their passionate clinch, he is gasping. LOU (CONTINUING)
58) 20) text: Jesus Christ! WENDY
58) 21) text: Don't worry about it.. She unbuttons his shirt and begins to kiss and lick his chest. Slowly she works her way down. Lou begins to writhe. Wendy's head disappears from VIEW. Lou's eyes snap open in surprise. Wendy groans. WEND Y
59) 0) text: The Car-hop wheels up to the Mustang carrying a tray loaded with food. She leans over and peers inside. Wendy is behind the wheel, perfectly composed. A mind- blown Lou is hurriedly doing up his belt, tucking in his shirt. He glances at the Car-hop then turns away to finish the job. CAR-HOP
63) 8) text: See you outside, Wendy. WENDY
63) 11) text: What about us? Wendy finishes brushing her hair, shoots Kim.a dark look, exits. KELLY
64) 0) text: Wendy finishes buttoning her blouse. She's pulling on her jeans when she hears a SCUFFLING SOUND. WENDY
64) 1) text: I'll be right there, Melanie. No answer. Curious, Wendy moves around the lockers, investigating. The room appears empty. There's a sudden LOUD CREAKING. Wendy whirls around. A locker door is swinging slowly open. WENDY (CONTINUING)
64) 2) text: Melanie?... Still no answer. Shaking her head, Wendy returns to her locker. (CONTINUED)     70 CONTINUED: 70
64) 3) text: She's about to shut it when she sees something, a pic- ture, taped to the side of the door. It's her photo, torn from the School Yearbook. She rips it from the door, looks at it. WENDY (CONTINUING)
65) 0) text: Wendy's SCREAM is all but DROWNED OUT by the SHOWERS. Rinsing off, Kim and Kelly hear nothing. KELLY
65) 2) text: Let him? She looks at Kelly. Neither girl hears the SQUISH of RUBBER SOLES moving across the wet tile floor. Suddenly there are LOUD VOICES. Melanie comes through from the locker room, laughing. Behind her, Wendy's ANGRY WORDS are AUDIBLE.
65) 4) text: (to Kim and Kelly) You should've seen her jump... Nadia Comenici never did better... Wendy storms in. She's got the photo in her hand. She waves it at Kim and Kelly. WENDY
65) 7) text: I know it's not much of a picture, Wendy, but you didn't have to go that far... Wendy is furious. WENDY
65) 9) text: Don't look at me... WENDY
65) 10) text: You're all... children... She storms out. Melanie looks at Kim and Kelly, shrugs, follows Wendy. A DOOR SLAMS in the locker room. Kim and Kelly look at each other, laugh, turn their faces back to the steaming water. Neither one hears the SOUND across the room, a HARSH RHYTHMIC HEAVY BREATHING. Kelly bends her head away from the water, clears her eyes., She squints out through the steam at the big wall mirror across the room. She sees something. She steps back into Kim, her eyes wide with fear. KIM
74) 8) text: Yes. Kim leans against a wall, gazing around at her gloomy surroundings. She does not hear the WHISPERED CONVER- SATION coming from behind a nearby partition. She does not see Wendy and Lou lurking there, watching her. HENRI-ANNE (SHOUTING)
74) 16) text: Bullshit! Kim smiles. Peeking out from behind the curtain, Wendy turns to Lou. WENDY (BITTERLY)
84) 0) text: Wearing only a bra and panties, Wendy is sprawled across her bed, talking on the telephone. A black silk gown is draped across her legs. WENDY
84) 2) text: Now, are we all set?... It better. I don't want her to ever forget tonight!... Okay, 'bye. Wendy hangs up the receiver and glances at her night table. A photograph of a grinning Nick McBride stares back. Wendy smiles and caresses her gown.