19) 0) text: We now see the Barracks completely (SHOOTING from flat on the wooden bunks are housed in a low wooden building with eight two tier bunks on each side.  A group of men are  clustered around Keltner's bunk.  Here we meet:  ADOLF, a large, once powerful man, in his mid thirties.  LUDWIG, o a fairly prosperous businessman before his politics lande him in prison, is older, and his bitterness is written al over his face.  FRANZ, is the youngest.  He is a sensitiv looing twenty five year old, more than likely the "rebel" type of the 1930s. Helmut is in his upper bunk over Keltner writing on an ol piece of paper with a scruffy pencil, which he bites to m a point of, and wets with his tongue like any fat butcher selling liverwurst and marking the price on a brown paper bag... (i.e. Brooklyn, circa 1928). We TRUCK the CAMERA down the long barrack to include the  other men doing their things.  A couple of men are gettin ready for a card game... several others are comparing  clothing, mending and helping one another, a couple play  chess.  A few are sleeping, but for the most part, most o the men lay in their bunks staring at the ceiling... The  floors are spotless... suffice to say they better be... t walls have nothing hanging but a few socks drying... a to calendar, wrong year, etc.
19) 9) dialog: It'll be better than looking at your  long face. Chuckling, Keltner rises.  We BOOM UP with him, and as hi head comes up over the top of the bottom bunk... he holds out the object for Helmut to see... It is a potato, a sor looking spud... that Keltner has put in a small can of wa and is beginning to sprout two sick-looking shoots.
19) 48) text: As the new prisoners make up their bunks and arrange thei belongings, the regulars of Barracks H, among them Adolf, Ludwig, Herman and Franz, begin moving towards them to me them.  Keltner turns to the new white-haired prisoner who bunk is directly next to his.
19) 58) dialog: It could be possible that he is fixing  up the barracks for some of his lady  friends.
19) 90) text: Can you cook, sweetheart? Keltner knows damn well he can't fight the brute, yet he  realizes that if he steps down, life not only for him, bu for the others in the barracks will be intolerable under  Galt's bully rule.  (During the following dialogue, Adolf Franz, Ludwig, Herman and the Stout Prisoner... easy up a little closer to Keltner and Galt.)
19) 108) dialog: You heard him... give it to him!
19) 114) text: The four men:  Ludwig, Adolf, Franz and Herman stay with  Galt, as does the Stout Prisoner... They are clustered ar Galt.
19) 116) dialog: What joke?
19) 120) dialog: That's the Reverend.  Even when they  came and dragged him from his  church...  he kept right on preaching  against them until they knocked him  unconscious. Galt is silent for a beat.
30) 3) text: It looks like Helmut found some new  ears to listen to his Super Star  fantasies... Adolf takes a look, shrugs his shoulder, as if to say I  couldn't care less... and goes on watching the action of  Uhlmann and the other men...
30) 41) dialog: as he walks with the others.
30) 42) dialog: You're wasting your time.  He doesn't  perform for the likes of us... he'll  turn you down.
30) 44) dialog: And, of course, the BIG heads of  Berlin. There is general laughter... as the group arrives at Helm bunk.
33) 0) text: The prisoners are pouring out of the barracks doorway.  G and Uhlmann are already standing outside as Helmut, Keltn Herman, Adolf, Franz, Ludwig, Stout Prisoner, New Prisone join them.  All look o.s. momentarily speechless at what  they see.
33) 6) dialog: Another fence!
33) 61) dialog: He's been telling us how great he  is; how funny.  Why?  Why couldn't  he have done a trick or two for us?
33) 73) dialog: You don't need a costume.  We've got  imagination.
33) 79) dialog: Aren't we good enough for you?
33) 100) text: Give me a chance.  I just got started. But the men continue to walk away.  Helmut tries to do a  hand stand, but his hands slip in the mud, and he lands  ignominously on all fours.  When he looks up, only Adolf, Galt and Uhlmann remain.
33) 101) dialog: (sadly)
40) 84) text: Helmut watches the guard go, then, dejectedly, shuffles t his barrack.  As he nears it, Keltner, Franz, Adolf, Herm Ludwig, and the other regulars intercept him.
45) 44) dialog: (a hushed call)