19) 0) text: We now see the Barracks completely (SHOOTING from flat on the wooden bunks are housed in a low wooden building with eight two tier bunks on each side.  A group of men are  clustered around Keltner's bunk.  Here we meet:  ADOLF, a large, once powerful man, in his mid thirties.  LUDWIG, o a fairly prosperous businessman before his politics lande him in prison, is older, and his bitterness is written al over his face.  FRANZ, is the youngest.  He is a sensitiv looing twenty five year old, more than likely the "rebel" type of the 1930s. Helmut is in his upper bunk over Keltner writing on an ol piece of paper with a scruffy pencil, which he bites to m a point of, and wets with his tongue like any fat butcher selling liverwurst and marking the price on a brown paper bag... (i.e. Brooklyn, circa 1928). We TRUCK the CAMERA down the long barrack to include the  other men doing their things.  A couple of men are gettin ready for a card game... several others are comparing  clothing, mending and helping one another, a couple play  chess.  A few are sleeping, but for the most part, most o the men lay in their bunks staring at the ceiling... The  floors are spotless... suffice to say they better be... t walls have nothing hanging but a few socks drying... a to calendar, wrong year, etc.
19) 6) dialog: Put it somewhere so it can brighten  up the place.
19) 48) text: As the new prisoners make up their bunks and arrange thei belongings, the regulars of Barracks H, among them Adolf, Ludwig, Herman and Franz, begin moving towards them to me them.  Keltner turns to the new white-haired prisoner who bunk is directly next to his.
19) 90) text: Can you cook, sweetheart? Keltner knows damn well he can't fight the brute, yet he  realizes that if he steps down, life not only for him, bu for the others in the barracks will be intolerable under  Galt's bully rule.  (During the following dialogue, Adolf Franz, Ludwig, Herman and the Stout Prisoner... easy up a little closer to Keltner and Galt.)
19) 109) dialog: You've had your fun... give it to  him... NOW!
19) 114) text: The four men:  Ludwig, Adolf, Franz and Herman stay with  Galt, as does the Stout Prisoner... They are clustered ar Galt.
30) 32) text: A little fun is what we need... so...   if you'll all hold the noise down,  I'll join in. A hushed cheer goes up from the men as Keltner stands bes Galt.  Galt holds his hands over his head and nods for Ke to do the same thing.  The Reverend does, and now Galt be undulating his hips.  Keltner studies the move for a beat and then does the same thing but with comical awkwardness Franz starts playing a slow sensuous rhythm on his harmon The men clap and whistle softly.
30) 62) text: Wait a minute, you guys... show people  have to be in a mood... (to Franz)
30) 63) text: Play a little music, like in a  circus... Franz starts playing his harmonica... slowly...
33) 0) text: The prisoners are pouring out of the barracks doorway.  G and Uhlmann are already standing outside as Helmut, Keltn Herman, Adolf, Franz, Ludwig, Stout Prisoner, New Prisone join them.  All look o.s. momentarily speechless at what  they see.
33) 69) dialog: (excitedly)
35) 1) dialog: I mean it this time.
35) 3) dialog: What am I supposed to do? Use pins?
35) 5) dialog: You can laugh.  He isn't always after  you for something.
35) 7) dialog: What's that?
35) 9) dialog: What for?
35) 14) text: A very bad Nazi.  Still has a heart. Herman and Franz smile.  Then Franz holds up his tattered coat.
35) 15) dialog: I wish he'd have a heart and use  someone else's coat. Or better yet --  his own.
35) 26) dialog: (indicating bread  Helmut's nibbling on)
35) 32) dialog: I don't know what I'm laughing at...   look at what he's doing to my coat. (holds it up)
35) 36) dialog: At the rate you are tearing it up,  it's going to look a lot funnier.
35) 40) dialog: I know... I know... but... Galt and Uhlmann join the group, looking to start trouble
35) 43) dialog: That's got nothing to do with it.
35) 50) dialog: What're you so hot about?  It's no  skin off your...
35) 58) dialog: Take it, Doork -- anytime you want  it. Helmut accepts the coat... nodding his head in the gracio manner of a ruler accepting homage from a faithful subjec He turns smartly and slowly struts away with as much dign as he can muster in his big shoes which flap with every s he takes.  The others stand and stare at Galt and Uhlmann
40) 84) text: Helmut watches the guard go, then, dejectedly, shuffles t his barrack.  As he nears it, Keltner, Franz, Adolf, Herm Ludwig, and the other regulars intercept him.
40) 86) dialog: What happened?
43) 7) text: It's amazing how a thing like this  can feed off itself.  Think how lucky  we would be if we could do that. Helmut glances disinterestedly at the plant as he reaches to his bunk and brings down the coat belonging to Franz. holds coat up for Keltner to see.