16) 1) dialog: Tsk!  tsk!  tsk!  shame on you,  Doork... shame...  don't you want to  grow big and strong like me? Helmut knows he's in trouble and just waits indifferently for the fireworks to start...
16) 2) dialog: We must eat our food!  Do we want  Uncle to feed the little man? The guard pulls the man next to Helmut out of his seat an practically throws him to the floor to make room for hims to sit down next to Helmut which he does... he half turns his body towards Helmut and turns Helmut around in the sa fashion so they are almost facing one another.  The Guard takes the wooden spoon and fills it with the soup and pro to feed Helmut... he stuffs the spoonful of soup into his mouth... and Helmut takes and swallows... then the Guard  takes another spoonful and makes believe he is blowing it (like a mother blows the hot soup not to burn the baby's  mouth)... and forces the spoonful into Helmut's mouth.
16) 3) dialog: (continuing to feed  him as he puts the  spoon in his mouth)
16) 4) text: And now one for Aunt Ada... As the Guard uses the name Ada, Helmut bites down on the  spoon and won't let it go... but if looks could kill... h stares at the Guard with hate...
16) 5) dialog: (pulling the spoon)
16) 7) dialog: (continuing)
16) 9) dialog: I said let's try it again... He shoves the spoon into his lips, as the soup drips all  over the front of Helmut's shirt.  The Guard uses the spo to clean the front of his shirt and forces the liquid he  took from the shirt front into Helmut's mouth... Some of men at the table and surrounding tables feel for Helmut,  others think it's funny... they laugh quietly.
16) 10) dialog: Oh, I know why you're unhappy...  soup without bread is terrible... The Guard takes the large loaf of brown bread and rips a  huge piece out of the center of the loaf and proceeds to  stuff Helmut's mouth with bread, until he looks like his  cheeks are eight times their normal size.
16) 11) dialog: Isn't that better?  Now take some  soup... He pushes a spoonful of soup into his mouth which is so f nothing can get in... consequently the bread spills out, soup spills out... and he is a mess... (We play this scen for plot value, but it will work comically as well.)
16) 14) dialog: I'm surprised at you, Doork, you've  been here two years now, you should  have learned we, of the Third Reich,  never acknowledge the weak, sniveling,  begging of you swine...  that's all  you're good for... begging...  pleading... praying...  you're a  disgrace to the human race.  That's  why we of the superior race must do  away with all of you... The guard turns to the other men at the table, and goes i one of his mentally unbalanced tirades...
16) 15) dialog: And we will!  We will!  Do away with  all of you.  You're worthless pigs...  with no courage, no guts, why if  anyone did to me what I just did to  Doork I would kill him! (turning to Helmut)
16) 19) dialog: Your release? He begins to laugh, but hysterically.
16) 20) dialog: Release?  They told me you were  funny...  but I never realized just  how funny you are...  RELEASE ???? And the hysterical laughter really echoes throughout the  mess hall as the Guard makes his way towards the exit.  T men at the table slowly get up and exit the scene, as do others at the surrounding tables... leaving Helmut just  sitting there... we PULL BACK to reveal the empty mess ha and the lonely sad body of Helmut, as he looks around  realizing he's alone, gets up and slowly creeps out of th hall like a puppy with his tail between his legs... as we
19) 20) dialog: 
19) 22) dialog: All the prisoners from the other  side of the camp are being moved  over to this side of the camp over  to this side of the camp.  Barracks  "H" will make room for three  additional bunks. He takes a few steps down the aisle...
19) 23) dialog: I want all the bunks moved down toward  the far end.  Get them as close  together as possible. Now! GET MOVING!
19) 27) dialog: (yelling)
19) 31) dialog: Hurry it up!  Come on, get moving! The guard turns towards the door and motions for the SIX  PRISONERS to enter the barracks... they enter by pairs, e pair carrying a double-tier bunk. Their personal belongings are piled on the bunks and slun over their shoulders in sacks (barracks bags)... the Guar motions for the two bunks to be placed next to Helmut's a one on the opposite side... next to the Stout Prisoner... NOTE:  This arrangement leaves space for one additional b right by the door. The guard motions for the Stout Prisoner and Herman to gi the new arrivals a hand with the placement of their bunks
19) 32) dialog: Get them close. (he looks around the  barracks)
19) 37) text: The guard starts for the door, satisfied with the  arrangements... as he gets the door open, Helmut runs ove to catch him before he makes his exit...
19) 40) dialog: (annoyed)
19) 62) text: SHOOTING OVER the men onto the door, entering is the same guard that was just there... this time he enters with two more prisoners carrying their bunks.  One of them is JOSE GALT, a burly bully like man, who knows all the tricks of survival, and ERNST UHLMANN, a think little man with a fa like a weasel... they follow the Guard into the barracks  proper.
19) 63) dialog: 
19) 67) dialog: With a little luck, you'll both get  pneumonia! The guard turns and moves towards the door, stops, and tu to see all is well, and exits the door, closing it behind him. Galt sits on the lower bunk as Uhlmann sprints up to the  upper bunk and looks towards the original men, who are ju standing around watching the two new "fish"... then men s trouble and slowly and quietly return to their own bunks. some of the other men just stare at the two new prisoners
20) 0) text: The door to Barracks H slowly opens and Helmut peeks thro the opening to see that all is clear... he slips out and  walks along the dark, dreary alleyway towards the Guard's shack... he moves like a prisoner trying to miss the  spotlights in a jail break...
20) 1) text: Helmut gets to the Guards hut... he looks into the window and sees the Guard he wants... sitting at his desk eating off a tray that has a meal fit for a king on it... includ the "doilies"... wine, and a steak that would satisfy six men in Barracks H... Helmut looks around to be sure no on notices him and slowly slips up to the front door of the  shack and knocks on the door...
21) 1) dialog: (annoyed at being  bothered)
21) 2) text: Come in! The meek and frightened Helmut enters the shack and walks over to the Guard's desk, and his eyes go immediately to tray of food.  While the Guard just stares at him... some shocked at his presence in the shack.
21) 3) dialog: (breaking the silence)
21) 4) text: What the hell are you doing here?   Who gave you permission to leave  your quarters? Helmut tries to talk as the guard gets louder and louder.
21) 5) dialog: Are you some kind of privileged  character? Helmut nods no...
21) 6) dialog: Then what are you doing out of the  barracks? The frustration of not being able to answer, and the  frustrations of being hungry... and the child-like treatm Helmut is getting from this Pig becomes emotionally too  much... as he screams...
21) 8) text: If you'll shut your stupid mouth  maybe I can answer one of your  questions! The Guard looks at Helmut in disbelief... but at the same time a little delighted at this chance to show his German superiority... as he slowly gets up from behind the desk crosses to Helmut, with a sneer that would frighten Romme
21) 9) dialog: (nose to nose with  Helmut)
21) 10) text: I have a STUPID MOUTH? Helmut backs away towards the door, and the Guard moves c and closer to him... backing him up against the door.
21) 13) dialog: The volume of your voice isn't the  issue...  it's what comes out of  your mouth that disturbs me...  maybe  you need a little lesson in respect  and courtesy... And he smacks Helmut across the face with his black glove
21) 14) dialog: ... and maybe I've been a little too  soft with you... He smacks him again, harder... the glove now feels like a sword to Helmut... and his hands hang limp down by his si
21) 15) dialog: You see, Doork, I knew why you came  in here...  I knew why you left your  barracks without permission... It's  just that I hadn't heard you mention  your release papers for so long I  had hoped I could hear you begging  once more...
21) 18) dialog: (mimicking him)
21) 20) dialog: Now, I will help you to your quarters,  Herr Doork, here you will stay, and  pray for release papers that may, or  may not, ever come... This wakes Helmut's soul and he becomes erect and stonefa at the words the guards just said... this look infuriates the guard even more... he grabs Helmut by the scruff of t neck... like grabbing a wet cat to be thrown out of the  house... and he opens the door and pulls Helmut by the ba of the office... out the door, down the three steps and o the ground... and pulls him like a sack of potatoes to th barracks doorway...
22) 0) text: Helmut is just about beaten at this point as the guard op the door of the barracks and pulls Helmut into the doorwa and his body stops on the threshold.
23) 0) text: SHOOTING OVER the men onto the doorway... in the deep b.g the sad body and figure of the man lays in the doorway, a the Guard kicks him in the ribs, unmercifully...
23) 1) dialog: Now, get inside where you belong and  don't ever let me catch you doing  anything without permission again. Helmut slowly gets up... in pain and practically crawls t his bunk... having to pass all the men, almost as though were ashamed .. he gets to his bunk, and tries vainly to up to the top where he lives... Keltner helps him... and he settles in his place...
23) 3) dialog: (yelling across the  barracks)
23) 4) text: Reverend!  If you don't watch that  idiot, we may have to get him a  keeper! The guard storms out the door... slamming it shut.
24) 0) text: The same Guard is motioning for the men to hurry and get  outside... he is standing at the doorway to the barracks the men are moving out into the ice cold morning as brisk as they can... the Guard moves inside after the last man made his exit...
25) 0) text: SHOOTING OVER the Guard as he looks around, we see Keltne coming out of the toilet area, rushing because he's late. he throws his towel on his bunk, and as he does... he see what stops him in his tracks...
25) 3) dialog: (in a sotto voice)
25) 4) text: Reverend, let him sleep... you move  out, I'll take care of this... Keltner reluctantly starts to move out towards the front  door, as the Guard passes him on his way to Helmut's bunk Keltner goes out the door... the Guard sneaks over toward the bunk where Helmut is asleep and very sneakily slips t cover off Helmut's body... then proceeds to open the wind above his head and the window alongside... and across the way and opens the back door... which is adjacent to the t area... and walks out of the barracks leaving the front d wide open...
26) 0) text: All the men are lined up for inspection, they are all loo straight ahead as the Guard walks down the line. All except Keltner who can't help but look in the directi of the barracks where he knows Helmut is still sleeping. throws a glance at the guard as if to say... why?  Why ar you doing this?  Why did he leave Helmut sleeping, usuall the one thing that would send the guard up a wall... why he allowing this to happen?
26) 1) dialog: (as he finishes his  walk)
26) 2) text: You are a sick looking group of  things...  I can't even call you  human...  because you're not... you're  all lice...  DISMISSED! The men break up and go about their business, they move i all directions, but Keltner starts for the doorway to the barracks and is detoured by the guard who knew he would, he stands in the way of Keltner who has to turn away and about his business... the Guard peeks into the barracks.
28) 0) dialog: He is delighted... he grabs the door and slams it shut wi a bang that would wake the dead... then opens it again an walks off...
29) 6) dialog: Doork!  Move it out, and on the  double!! Helmut jumps with fright, unravels his shirt, runs toward the open door putting on his shirt as we
30) 96) dialog: (walking slowly into  the barracks)
30) 100) text: He was showing us some of his funny  clown falls... The Guard surveys the faces of the others as they stare b
30) 101) dialog: Because of all the noise coming from  in here -- I have been called up  front to explain...  I don't like to  be called up front...  I don't like  to have to explain... (menacingly)
33) 10) text: Misery loves company.  Looks like  they're going to deny us even that. The Guard is shoving the late-comers into place.
33) 11) dialog: All right.  All right, move.  Hurry  it up.  Move.
33) 12) text: SHOOTING ACROSS the prisoners in f.g. toward the new fenc Guards move among the men, herding them into lines.  On t other side of the fence, we can see the new arrivals lini up, being prodded into place by Guards.
33) 15) text: SHOOTING THROUGH the booted, outspread legs of a soldier  guard in f.g. toward the line of prisoners behind him.  O woman holds a child of about three who cries inconsolably
33) 22) dialog: Prisoners from barracks H remain in  line.  Barracks H will remain in  line. The prisoners turn and look in direction of the Guard as  they straighten their lines.  The guard paces slowly alon the line inspecting it silently.  On the fringes of the s we can see prisoners from other barracks gathering to see what their fellow convicts are in for.
33) 23) dialog: Finally he stops and contemplates his shabby charges with disgust.
33) 24) dialog: I said last night I didn't think I  would enjoy being called up to account  for the noise coming from barracks  H.  I can tell you this morning I  didn't enjoy it. He walks down the line, looking at each man.
33) 25) dialog: I don't know what caused the trouble  last night, but I'm not blaming you  entirely. (fatherly)
33) 27) dialog: We're going to correct that.  I've  been told that energy comes from  food.
33) 29) text: SHOOTING PAST the line of prisoners in f.g. to the Guard, who has paused to let his words sink in.
33) 30) dialog: So... to help you... all rations are  canceled for the next... forty-eight  hours. A hushed ripple of ad lib grumbling and growling rolls al the line of prisoners.
33) 31) dialog: And, if that doesn't quiet you down,  I'll think of some other ideas you'll  like even less. I'm going to make  this barracks the quietest in the  camp. (roaring)
33) 33) dialog: Now, don't blame me. (with sly meaning)
33) 35) dialog: Fall out.
33) 42) dialog: The CAMERA MOVES BACKWARD as the Guard strides toward it, his face sour.  Behind him we can see Helmut running to c up to him.  When he is close enough...
33) 44) dialog: What?
33) 47) dialog: No papers. He stalks off.  Helmut starts to say something more but t better of it.  Crushed, he starts back towards his barrac head down.  He walks sadly for several steps, then looks and stops, his expression changing to one of uneasiness.
33) 53) text: What were you doing?  Making a deal  with your guard pal to slip you some  food?
40) 55) dialog: (shouting)
40) 59) dialog: (to Helmut)
40) 61) text: You heard me.  Show's over. The children don't move, but stand staring at Helmut as i waiting for him to tell them what to do.  This frustrates the guard, who isn't accustomed to being questioned.
40) 62) dialog: Go on.  Get away. Still the children refuse to budge.  Angry, the guard goe close to the fence, waving his arms at them.
40) 63) dialog: Move, damn it, before I come over  there and... The youngsters scuttle back a few feet fearfully, but the they stop, their eyes still on Helmut.  The guard turns t Helmut.
40) 64) dialog: Get them moving before somebody gets  hurt. Helmut goes up to the fence and speaks to the children so
40) 68) dialog: Get inside and take that stuff off  your face.
40) 70) dialog: Orders.  No more shows.
40) 72) dialog: That's right.
40) 74) dialog: The Commandant thinks you are.
40) 76) dialog: The new Commandant.  He minds.
40) 78) dialog: You know the rule... no mixing with  Jews.
40) 81) dialog: (quietly, threatening)
40) 84) text: Helmut watches the guard go, then, dejectedly, shuffles t his barrack.  As he nears it, Keltner, Franz, Adolf, Herm Ludwig, and the other regulars intercept him.
45) 9) text: As Keltner's plot takes shape, we see a dozen or so priso wander, apparently aimlessly, across the yard and form a  spectator's section for the soccer game with their backs the fence, thus providing a shield between the children a the guards.  The game picks up tempo, but the play someho stays in the center of the yard, strengthening the shield
45) 55) text: SHOOTING PAST Helmut in f.g. toward the guard, SS men, an soldiers, who have come through the line of spectators an stand glowering at him.  The prisoners have moved back, w watching for the next move.
45) 56) dialog: You wouldn't listen, would you? Almost wearily, he goes to the fence.  This isn't somethi he likes, but his authority is at stake here, and he has choice.  As the CAMERA PANS him to the fence we see that  some non-Aryan adults have drifted over to see what the  disturbance is.
45) 57) dialog: (to the children)
45) 58) text: Go on.  Get back. The children don't move.  Their eyes are on Helmut.  The  guard shouts over to the adults standing behind the child
45) 59) dialog: You back there, get them out of here. The adults begin to gather up the children.
46) 0) text: SHOOTING FROM THE BACK of the cell toward the door.  The  cell is about eight feet long and four feet wide with a s door at the far end.  The cell is bare.  We HEAR men  approaching, and a guard opens the door letting in a shaf of bright light.  Two guards hoist the unconcious Helmut  into the cell and drop him onto the floor.
48) 19) text: Wait here. Scharff strides purposefully over to Sergeant Hoffman, th guard beside the open door.  Hoffman salutes Scharff.
48) 27) text: Keep a tight guard on the whole area.   No one gets near here.  Understand? (to Hoffman)
58) 18) text: Guards.  GUARDS! The other soldiers come running from o.s.
59) 3) dialog: Everybody up.  No noise. The children are too startled to move.  The guard notices Helmut and reacts.
59) 4) dialog: Who the hell are you?
59) 6) dialog: How the devil did you get in here?
59) 8) dialog: Ah, for... (shouting out the  door)
59) 13) dialog: Look at this.  He's from the other  camp.  Got in here with the shipment.
60) 0) text: ANGLE to the door as the Sergeant disappears.  Reaching o the Burly Guard lowers the tailgate of the truck so that forms a bridge to the boxcar.
60) 1) dialog: (to the children)
60) 2) text: All right, in the truck, quick now! The children, most of whom are on their feet now, hesitat looking to Helmut for guidance.  The guard seizes one  youngster and shoves him toward the door.  Instead, howev the child flies to Helmut and grabs him around the legs.
60) 3) dialog: I said move!
60) 10) dialog: Not for long, they won't.
60) 12) text: That's enough.  Get them inside and  keep them quiet. Burly guard starts to prod the children but they don't mo their eyes are fixed on Helmut.
60) 13) dialog: (threateningly)
61) 2) text: Close the door, and wait out there. Guard closes the door.  Runkel studies Helmut coldly.  Wi taking his eyes off Helmut, he pulls out a cigarette case takes out cigarette, lights it and slowly inhales.
64) 0) text: As the procession of youngsters emerges from the barracks with Helmut dancing along at its head.  The Sergeant and other two Guards stand watching in disbelief as the line  turns and moves along toward the first of the windowless  buildings.
64) 8) text: Almost reluctantly, Helmut stands aside.  He tries to smi but the result is almost grotesque.  He tries to speak, b no words come.  The Sergeant and the guard drift up towar him, scowling.  Gently, Helmut tousles the hair of little Willie and steers him through the door into the room.  Th other children follow him hesitantly.  Helmut puts the  harmonica to his lips and begins playing again.
64) 10) dialog: Their clothes!  They've got to  undress. The sergeant starts to move toward the line of children, Sergeant grabs his arm and stops him.