6) 0) text: The MUSIC is really going strong... and the clowns come o like all forty.  They explode in the ring... doing all th bits and pieces which ultimately brings them back to the  entrance area they just came from and they make the "West Point" arch for the TIMPANI DRUM ROLL and the grand entra of "Gustav" the Great.
6) 1) text: "Gustav" makes his famous comedy walk into the tent with longest pair of tails ever seen (at least 75 feet long) a at the end holding them from dragging on the floor is Hel the "Tramp Clown".
6) 2) text: We see Gustav taking the applause, and it is tremendous. stops center of the ring, but Helmut keeps walking and do see the post in front of him as he walks around the post, still holding the tails and goes on his butt, pulling Gus down as well.  The audience screams with laughter, believ this all part of the act, as we:
7) 4) dialog: Oh, sure it was... A very well planned  and calculated accident!
7) 6) dialog: I don't want to hear any more...   You will get me another stooge. I  don't want this man!!
7) 8) dialog: You bet I will, or you shall have no  show. Gustav walks away, sits at his trunk, starts taking his m up off.
10) 18) text: Go to Schmidt... Force a  confrontation...  Don't let Gustav  win...  make Schmidt see what an  injustice they are imposing on you...   Please, my love, fight!  Make your  world better by fighting for it...   You can do it... I know you can... Helmut hears it all and it sounds so good and right.
12) 0) text: Schmidt pacing up and down... thinking, as we PULL BACK t see Gustav seated in one of the fold-up chairs with a "I waiting" look on his face.
12) 2) dialog: Schmidt!  Don't make me put it on a  "either him or me basis".
12) 7) dialog: Perfectly!!  Let's have a drink... Helmut drops his head, completely discouraged and saddene by what he knows is a losing battle.  As he starts to wal away we can HEAR the tinkling of glasses and the slight  laughter of the two men as we watch Helmut slowly scuff h way towards the backstage circus exit, as we: DISSOLVE (12-ft) HOLDING his walk over his limp body at b