5) 0) text: Helmut hangs back until the very last clown exits Clown A as we:
6) 2) text: We see Gustav taking the applause, and it is tremendous. stops center of the ring, but Helmut keeps walking and do see the post in front of him as he walks around the post, still holding the tails and goes on his butt, pulling Gus down as well.  The audience screams with laughter, believ this all part of the act, as we:
7) 0) text: All the clowns are sitting around their respective trunks and there is a sense of gloom permeating the air, as Gust and MR. SCHMIDT pace back and forth behind Helmut, both g at him unmercifully.
7) 3) dialog: But it was an accident...
7) 5) dialog: I swear to you... it was an accident! Gustav stops and grabs Schmidt's arm, and with a threaten pointing finger...
7) 10) text: You will run with the other clowns  and that's all you will do... is  that clear? Helmut, shattered, nods his head yes.
7) 12) text: And if there is another one of your  cute tricks... I promise you will do  your bits for the "Cats" while  cleaning their cages! Schmidt walks away... leaving Helmut stunned and shocked. Helmut lifts his trunk cover, which opens on a hinge and  stays upright, as we SLOWLY CRAB AROUND to REVEAL the "On Sheets" glued to the inside of the trunk lid... as Helmut reaches for a towel to clean his face, we read: RINGLING BROS. &amp; BARNUM AND BAILEY
7) 16) text: The one sheets are battered and torn and certainly appear be many years old.  As we PAN the "Lid" to see them all,  Helmut's face is reflected in the mirror as we see the te rolling down his face.  As we FREEZE FRAME, MUSIC hits fo
8) 0) text: Helmut, dejected and as sad as any man could be, strolls  down the deserted street, alone.
9) 1) dialog: Clause... give me a double whiskey  with beer chaser.
9) 4) dialog: And you won't make a dime sticking  your nose in other people's business. Clause pours the whiskey, and places the beer next to it; Helmut gulps the drink down and chases it with the beer f the bottle... we:
10) 0) text: Standing at the window looking out is a beautiful WOMAN,  simply dressed, no make-up and clean; she has the look of woman who has just bathed and one could almost smell the  fragrance of bath oil on her body.  She is tense and  concerned. She sees something and moves toward the door and opens it There is a beat and finally the o.s. SOUNDS of feet scuff get to the door.  It is Helmut, fairly crocked at this po
10) 2) dialog: (nastily)
10) 5) dialog: Were you really worried about me or  your stupid dinner was getting cold? Ada is hurt by this, but knows something is really chewin away at him... and deals with it even more tenderly, whic only digs in deeper on Helmut.
10) 7) dialog: If there is anything I don't need  right now... it's your super- sentimentality... He flops down in the armchair and stares straight ahead.. Again, Ada is hurt by his blasting her, but she's wise en to know this isn't the man she loves... she has to get wh eating him out of there.
10) 9) dialog: I can't trust anybody... I don't  know how to trust anybody...
10) 11) dialog: I'm sorry, my love... I'm so sorry... You're right!  You're not anybody.   You're my wife and I love you, too... So very much I just have no one to  fight back at... I'm lost and alone,   I can't handle the disgrace of  failure... the pain of being a has- been is more than I can bear... Ada knows now what's happened.
10) 13) dialog: They worry about me?  Don't be  ridiculous...  they just took the  last comic bit away from me... because  of a silly accident...  I'm now down  at the bottom, just a stooge assisting  a not-so-funny clown.
10) 15) dialog: What the hell are you talking about? What talent?  And if I had any it's  being suffocated into nothing...   And that's just what I am now...   nothing... No one... just empty...   a prop to be used and mis-used...   how does my great talent stand up to  those odds?
10) 18) text: Go to Schmidt... Force a  confrontation...  Don't let Gustav  win...  make Schmidt see what an  injustice they are imposing on you...   Please, my love, fight!  Make your  world better by fighting for it...   You can do it... I know you can... Helmut hears it all and it sounds so good and right.
10) 19) dialog: I will go now and see Schmidt... I will tell him I won't take any  more degradation... I will tell him  I am a "clown" not a stooge...  A  "clown"... A special person...  A  special clown... Ada happily gets his hat.
11) 0) text: The low key light and the silence of the circus is almost ominous and a little frightening for Helmut as he walks a the empty arena... with a small light burning from up hig All the equipment is tied off.  Slight ANIMAL SOUNDS in t deep background... and the faintest SOUND of circus music heard.  Helmut is now center of the main ring and stops a looks around.
11) 2) dialog: His face tense, then eases as he looks around.
11) 4) dialog: In his clown outfit bowing and acknowledging the ovation.
11) 6) text: Helmut -- the chair and the trombone --
11) 7) text: As the completion of the "Trombone Pantomime" Helmut walk away from the position he was in with the trombone and bo and milks the crowd for reactions and as he bows the seco time... WE SHIMMER:
11) 9) dialog: In bowing position as he looks at the crowd.
11) 11) dialog: His face shows signs of utter despair and dejection... th dream is gone and the memory of what was really hurts dee down.  He looks around making sure he hasn't been noticed anyone and takes that deep sigh and strolls towards the b of the circus tent area on his way to find Schmidt.
13) 0) text: Helmut has had more than a few and really looks beaten an shoddy -- he waves for the bartender to bring another.
13) 3) dialog: (not too clearly)
13) 4) text: A funeral is usually in order when  someone dies. Up to now, we have no idea, whatever, as to the time (in  history) we are indeed in Germany, but as Helmut downs an blast we SLOWLY CREEP our CAMERA to include more of the b than we have seen before and it includes pictures, framed of soldiers, arms interlocked (looking somewhat like summ camp stills), the German flag (1933 vintage / crisscrosse with the Swastika), a large banner marked "Deutchland" Ob Aliss... and finally, the larger than life photograph of  "Hitler".  Helmut slowly CROSSES CAMERA as he takes anoth drink and starts spouting again.
13) 5) dialog: The trouble with man today is that  he takes everything for granted...   he thinks things he's told to think...   and accepts it! Just because we know  meanings of words we use them and we  fool ourselves...  people should use  the dictionary more...  look up words  like good... bad... honest... loyal... especially loyal,  I know what loyal  means, and I have always been that...   but does anyone care?  No!  Of course  not...  Only when it is expedient...   When it isn't --- (he slashes his throat  with his finger)
13) 6) text: --- ZIPPPP!  You're out! Helmut stops with his BACK TO CAMERA looking straight at  "Hitler" and screams:
13) 7) dialog: And that goes for you too... Mine  Fuhrer... He shoves his right arm up and out at the photograph of  "Hitler".
13) 8) dialog: ... you, too, are a fool.  You allow  yourself to think you have "loyal"  followers...  Ha!  Wait until they've  had it with you...  You'll get  yours... all the smiling, bowing,  heel clicking idiots will shaft you  too.  And you will deserve it because  if you allow people like Herr Schmidt  to got about his business of lying,  and cheating, and being disloyal,  one day all the Schmidts in Germany  will turn on you and you will finish  as the dumb little corporal you  started as, and never know what hit  you... During the above dialogue, two S.S. men along with two Ge men walk into the bar and sit at a table unseen by Helmut and as they sit, Helmut continues:
13) 9) dialog: He really has to be stupid -- (indicating Hitler)
13) 10) text: I could help him by telling him about  the people he thinks are good  Germans... Ha! The two S.S. men and the two Gestapo men just happened to stop in the pub, they can't really believe what they are  hearing, and the two S.S. men make a move to get up and s Helmut.  The head Gestapo man nods to them to stay seated and wait and listen.  Helmut continues his rave and gets  more violent as he goes on.  Clause, the bartender, would love to tell him the Germans are there, but chooses to go about his business. Helmut is really getting the effects of the booze now and bordering on flipping his lid, completely. (He does the stagger routine trying to get to the table o the other side of the bar furthest away from where the S. men and Gestapo men are sitting)... We play this for visu humor, but at the same time showing just how swacked he i Helmut finally reaches the table he has been trying  desperately to get to and falls into it, exhausted and  emotionally drained.  He looks around at the few people w have been watching him, most of which are frightened at w he has said, trying vainly to stay out of it.  Helmut cat the eyes of the four men (S.S. and Gestapo) just looking him.
13) 11) dialog: (angrily)
13) 13) dialog: What's the matter?  Haven't you guys  got a sense of humor?  You must have!   Look how you're dressed!  Grown men  in their little soldier suits... And  the black coats and gloves... Like  in a movie... Helmut gets up and walks over to their table... mumbling, and staggering as he goes...
13) 14) dialog: Real cloak and dagger stuff...  Didn't  you Gestapo guys ever know that  everybody can spot you a mile away? (leaning over and  whispering)
13) 16) dialog: Straw hats and shorts!!  That's funny!   Now that's really funny, isn't it?   Straw hats and shorts! They just stare!
13) 17) dialog: Well, isn't that funny?   Think of  it...  That's funny!   Why don't you  laugh?
13) 19) dialog: (gets an idea)
13) 22) dialog: Ve vill conquer the world...  Heil  me!  Heil me!  Heil me! He screams the last "Heil" and collapses on the floor.  T four men get up and proceed to pick him up and carry him of the bar.  As they get to the doorway and exit we STAY  on... Ada who has just arrived to see them pick him up an carry him away.  She is shocked.  We STAY on a CLOSEUP OF HER FACE showing the strain, pain and sadness as we:
14) 20) text: Are you Helmut Doork?
14) 21) dialog: (nervously)
14) 22) text: Doork, yes sir, Helmut Doork!  I am  he!  Yes sir, that is correct, Doork!
14) 24) dialog: (ego setting in and  forgetting for a  moment his trouble  and danger)
14) 25) text: Not JUST A CLOWN!  I am Helmut Doork,  Premier Clown!  I've clowned for the  royal heads of many of our finest  countries, why there were times when  I had to...
14) 27) text: That was years ago... According to  these papers you are now just a helper  in the circus with little or no  importance!! This stuns Helmut, his facade destroyed... His face drops along with his fear...
14) 28) dialog: (meekly)
14) 33) text: You are now a prisoner of the State  and that's not funny... Can you make  something funny out of that, Clown? Helmut sinks even lower in the over-stuffed chair, despai in his eyes and a weight on his heart... the truth slashi at his very being.
14) 34) dialog: (softly)
14) 37) dialog: (softly)
14) 41) dialog: (still softly)
14) 44) dialog: I want nothing!  But I'm more loyal  than most Germans I know...
14) 46) dialog: Ah, like... re...
14) 48) dialog: I don't know...
14) 50) dialog: I don't know, sir...
14) 52) dialog: (trying desperately  to cop out)
14) 55) dialog: No, sir!
14) 57) dialog: I don't know!!
14) 60) dialog: I don't know -- sir !!!
14) 72) dialog: Just as she yells, the voice of an S.S. Man drowns out he scream as he yells...
16) 4) text: And now one for Aunt Ada... As the Guard uses the name Ada, Helmut bites down on the  spoon and won't let it go... but if looks could kill... h stares at the Guard with hate...
16) 6) text: Let go, Doork, let go... it's the  soup that makes us big and strong...  not the spoon... LET IT GO! Helmut still holds it clenched in his teeth, and the Guar smacks his face full force.  Helmut lets it go... and hol his face, embarrassed and humiliated as any many would be
16) 8) text: Now let's try it again... He fills the spoon and sticks it toward Helmut's mouth, b Helmut clenches his teeth keeping his mouth shut.
16) 12) dialog: I've had enough, thank you... No  more, please... The Guard just stares at him...
16) 13) dialog: Please!
16) 16) text: Why don't you kill me, Doork?  Go  on...  kill me... kill me... take  the knife from the table and kill  me... Helmut looks at the knife on the table, picks it up, hold it in stabbing style, thinks about it... and we know by h look, he would love to...
16) 17) dialog: (with knife in hand)
16) 18) text: I would kill you... but I am getting  my release any day now... and I won't  do anything that would spoil my  chances... Helmut digs the knife into the table top and buries his h in his hands... totally shook from the encounter...
18) 0) text: The barracks are empty... Keltner enters the huge room an looks around and sees Helmut at the other end of the barr just walking back and forth like a caged lion... angry, h sad, and generally out of sorts... he can't even hear Kel approaching him... he finally stops at the back wall of t barracks and lays his head against the barracks wall...
18) 1) dialog: (not aware Keltner is  behind him)
18) 6) dialog: You frightened me, Johann, I'm  sorry...
18) 9) dialog: I have faith... but not always...   sometimes it eludes me...  I can't  remember to remember it.
18) 11) dialog: I don't know... He starts pacing again.
18) 13) dialog: Will they do something to me? What  have you heard?
18) 16) dialog: That was one time I didn't care for  the laughs I was getting from some  of the men...
18) 18) dialog: Do you really think so?
18) 20) dialog: Thank you, Johann.  I always feel so  much better after you talk to me...
18) 22) dialog: (remembering)
18) 23) text: Oh!  I almost forgot... Helmut puts Johann around the back of the barrack area ne the wall out of sight of anyone coming in...
18) 24) dialog: Before breakfast this morning,  I  spoke to one of the guards, a very  intelligent one, and he seems quite  nice and friendly too.  Well, he  said that the Gestapo has set up a  special review board to handle cases  just like mine.  And he said he would  get me a form, a special form.  Just  been printed up.  And I'm to fill it  out.  Isn't that good? Keltner looking at him, like a child that believes in the boogie man:
18) 26) dialog: (in fast)
18) 27) text: But this is different.  It's entirely  new. Helmut takes out a set of papers from his back pocket to  show Keltner.
18) 28) dialog: See?  These are made up by the Gestapo  itself... and the form will go  directly to Berlin, to Gestapo  headquarters.  That's the important  thing about this... the Gestapo's in  on it.  That's a very good sign. (a beat)
18) 32) dialog: (in fast, excited;  scanning the papers)
18) 33) text: And I have to be very careful of  everything I put down on the form.   The tiniest detail could make the  difference.  Don't you agree? Helmut looks up and notices Johann is looking up towards ceiling of the barracks... watching something... Helmut l up, too.
18) 39) dialog: Intense at scanning through the papers and totally oblivi to Keltner and the birds...
18) 42) text: Watch the birds eat, Helmut... it's  so cute...
18) 43) dialog: I'm sure I've got everything here...   The important facts from the moment  I was arrested, the questions the  Gestapo officer asked me...  now  what was his name again?  I can't  seem to remember what his name was...
18) 46) dialog: What the devil was his name?
18) 48) dialog: 
18) 49) dialog: (coming out of it)
18) 52) dialog: (thinking about it)
18) 56) dialog: He should have sent them elsewhere...   they could be eaten here! Helmut goes back to studying his papers, Keltner ponders  Helmut's remark, looks backup at the birds... his face fu of compassion, as we:
19) 0) text: We now see the Barracks completely (SHOOTING from flat on the wooden bunks are housed in a low wooden building with eight two tier bunks on each side.  A group of men are  clustered around Keltner's bunk.  Here we meet:  ADOLF, a large, once powerful man, in his mid thirties.  LUDWIG, o a fairly prosperous businessman before his politics lande him in prison, is older, and his bitterness is written al over his face.  FRANZ, is the youngest.  He is a sensitiv looing twenty five year old, more than likely the "rebel" type of the 1930s. Helmut is in his upper bunk over Keltner writing on an ol piece of paper with a scruffy pencil, which he bites to m a point of, and wets with his tongue like any fat butcher selling liverwurst and marking the price on a brown paper bag... (i.e. Brooklyn, circa 1928). We TRUCK the CAMERA down the long barrack to include the  other men doing their things.  A couple of men are gettin ready for a card game... several others are comparing  clothing, mending and helping one another, a couple play  chess.  A few are sleeping, but for the most part, most o the men lay in their bunks staring at the ceiling... The  floors are spotless... suffice to say they better be... t walls have nothing hanging but a few socks drying... a to calendar, wrong year, etc.
19) 12) dialog: (his mind on his thing)
19) 16) text: As Keltner walks away from Helmut's bunk.
19) 37) text: The guard starts for the door, satisfied with the  arrangements... as he gets the door open, Helmut runs ove to catch him before he makes his exit...
19) 38) dialog: (anxiously)
19) 41) text: They'll have to wait! He exits, closing the door behind him.  Helmut, with a lo of despair on his face, goes back to his bunk.
19) 43) dialog: You'd think, since he was coming  over here anyway, the least he could  do was bring the papers with him.
19) 45) dialog: I'm sure if I asked him again he'd  really become annoyed with me.  Would  you remind him for me, please?
19) 47) text: Of course I will. Helmut climbs up to his bunk and goes back to his preciou paper work.
19) 95) text: He looks at Helmut.  His eyes try to encourage Helmut to something, say something, do anything to show that he is Keltner's side.
19) 96) dialog: He sits up on his bunk, and wants nothing to do with the  bully and his pranks... so he goes back to studying his p and looks up again to catch Keltner's look of disappointm and as Keltner turns away from Helmut... Helmut realizes should do something to show Keltner he, indeed, cares... jumps down from his bunk and grabs Galt by the arm and tu him around... they are now face to face...
19) 97) dialog: Why don't you pick on someone your  own size...
19) 100) dialog: (firmly)
19) 105) text: Go on, little man, reach for it! Keltner, torn between seeing that Helmut is alright, and  getting his plant back, tries to get it, and still looks see that Helmut isn't hurt too bad...
19) 132) dialog: Yeah, nice and STUPID! Helmut grabs the towel and throws it to the floor and tur on his side away from Keltner.  Keltner bends down, gets towel, sits on the edge of his bunk... looks up, wonders ponders Helmut as we
20) 0) text: The door to Barracks H slowly opens and Helmut peeks thro the opening to see that all is clear... he slips out and  walks along the dark, dreary alleyway towards the Guard's shack... he moves like a prisoner trying to miss the  spotlights in a jail break...
20) 1) text: Helmut gets to the Guards hut... he looks into the window and sees the Guard he wants... sitting at his desk eating off a tray that has a meal fit for a king on it... includ the "doilies"... wine, and a steak that would satisfy six men in Barracks H... Helmut looks around to be sure no on notices him and slowly slips up to the front door of the  shack and knocks on the door...
21) 2) text: Come in! The meek and frightened Helmut enters the shack and walks over to the Guard's desk, and his eyes go immediately to tray of food.  While the Guard just stares at him... some shocked at his presence in the shack.
21) 4) text: What the hell are you doing here?   Who gave you permission to leave  your quarters? Helmut tries to talk as the guard gets louder and louder.
21) 7) dialog: (turning red)
21) 8) text: If you'll shut your stupid mouth  maybe I can answer one of your  questions! The Guard looks at Helmut in disbelief... but at the same time a little delighted at this chance to show his German superiority... as he slowly gets up from behind the desk crosses to Helmut, with a sneer that would frighten Romme
21) 10) text: I have a STUPID MOUTH? Helmut backs away towards the door, and the Guard moves c and closer to him... backing him up against the door.
21) 11) dialog: (meekly)
21) 16) dialog: (in a whisper)
22) 0) text: Helmut is just about beaten at this point as the guard op the door of the barracks and pulls Helmut into the doorwa and his body stops on the threshold.
23) 7) dialog: (gritting his teeth)
23) 8) text: Leave me alone!  ... and mind your  own business... Just leave me be... Keltner knows this is nothing more than Helmut's dismay a pain in his heart talking... The kindly man drops down to his own bunk... just shaking his head... as if to say, ho can I help him?  as we:
25) 1) text: It is Helmut still sound asleep in his bunk...
25) 2) text: Keltner moves towards Helmut to wake him...
25) 4) text: Reverend, let him sleep... you move  out, I'll take care of this... Keltner reluctantly starts to move out towards the front  door, as the Guard passes him on his way to Helmut's bunk Keltner goes out the door... the Guard sneaks over toward the bunk where Helmut is asleep and very sneakily slips t cover off Helmut's body... then proceeds to open the wind above his head and the window alongside... and across the way and opens the back door... which is adjacent to the t area... and walks out of the barracks leaving the front d wide open...
26) 0) text: All the men are lined up for inspection, they are all loo straight ahead as the Guard walks down the line. All except Keltner who can't help but look in the directi of the barracks where he knows Helmut is still sleeping. throws a glance at the guard as if to say... why?  Why ar you doing this?  Why did he leave Helmut sleeping, usuall the one thing that would send the guard up a wall... why he allowing this to happen?
29) 0) dialog: He jumps from out of his hard sleep... foggy and unsure a where he is, what time it is and he looks around and sees the barracks are empty... and he panics... but he is also shivering... the barracks feel like the inside of a meat  truck refrigerated somewhat below zero... Helmut grabs his pants from the front of his bunk, pulls cover over him and tries to get the pants on under the  cover... It is cold!  (Photographically, we can show "col Props:  vapor/smoke.) He gets his pants on and jumps down onto the cold floor a dances from the ice-like floor, he bends down looking for his socks and shoes... he wears just a tee-shirt... Having trouble finding both shoes, he grabs the blanket a and covers himself with it, while searching for the other shoe... He finds the other shoe and proceeds to put them on... ta a beat and sees he has no socks on... reaches under the b and pulls out the pair of socks... which stand straight u (from the cold ... he holds them in the air, and drops on at a time and they sound like "pans" hitting the floor... takes one and blows warm air from his mouth into the sock one at a time, which warms them... (Props:  the socks nee discussion!) He then proceeds to put his shoes on and puts one on, and then the other... now wearing both shoes he starts to tie the laces... he pulls them straight away to tie and they  stand straight up!  (Props:  this is done with leather la pure leather... it works without any unnecessary rigging!
30) 3) text: It looks like Helmut found some new  ears to listen to his Super Star  fantasies... Adolf takes a look, shrugs his shoulder, as if to say I  couldn't care less... and goes on watching the action of  Uhlmann and the other men...
30) 7) dialog: So I told Mr. Ringling if he wanted  "Helmut" he'd have to bring his circus  to Germany... I am a German, I told  him, and my responsibility is to my  own people who are my biggest fans.
30) 9) dialog: (proudly)
30) 14) dialog: (softly)
30) 17) dialog: It doesn't happen overnight... it  takes years and years... You try  many faces, then finally you hit the  one that's just right for you.
30) 19) dialog: (emotionally)
30) 22) text: What's going on with those guys? He's looking off down the aisle where Uhlmann has his  audience... The four prisoners move out into the aisle to get a better look, leaving Helmut perched on his bunk wit pleading and broken look of despair...
30) 23) dialog: (a last attempt)
30) 26) text: SHOOTING OVER the men placing Helmut in the very deep  b. as we see the four new prisoners walk over to watch the  action...
30) 33) dialog: He is sitting upright on top of his bunk, watching what G has Keltner doing, a look of disgust passes his face as h turns away from what he'd been watching and gets busy wit his papers and figuring again.
30) 39) text: as he starts walking towards Helmut's bunk...
30) 45) dialog: He sees something's going to happen, he puts his papers a and sits upright... waiting... his eyes catch Galt's eyes peering at him. Galt tells it all with his eyes... This one isn't "sacred to the men... he might just be the pigeon Galt's been hop for... the one every bully looks for, for his own brand o fun.
30) 47) dialog: (swinging his legs  around ready to jump  down)
30) 51) dialog: (it stops him in his  tracks; he stays up  on the bunk)
30) 55) dialog: (in fast)
30) 65) dialog: (getting fed up)
30) 70) dialog: I still need many things... props  and...
30) 81) dialog: (taking it all out on  Keltner)
30) 84) dialog: Can't you get it through your heads,  I need...
30) 86) text: WE need you to give us a laugh. Galt grabs Helmut's jacket and pulls him off the bunk, no to nose to him...
30) 91) text: Choke him harder...  see if that's  funny!  Make him dance! Hey, Doork!...   be funny now! He don't look so funny  to me!  He sure as hell looks funny  to me!  Hey, Galt, pull his string  and make the dummy funny! And they stomp and they stomp and they stomp... "So try!" "So try!"... They get louder and louder... Helmut is kick his legs, which are off the ground, and Galt won't let go
30) 92) dialog: His face is turning color... he hasn't a lot of air left his lungs... and Keltner is practically hanging onto Galt trying to get his hands loose... and Galt could carry ano three men without batting an eye.  Galt puts him down slo in the middle of the aisle, so that just his feet touch t ground, but he keeps his hands around his throat.
30) 94) text: SHOOTING OVER Galt, Keltner and Helmut, we see the door o the barracks slam open and bang against the wall making m noise than anything all the men made together, and they a freeze...
30) 97) text: What is going on here? (to Helmut)
30) 98) text: On your feet! Helmut gets up, dizzily, just about getting oxygen back i his system...
30) 105) dialog: (whispering)
30) 108) text: That was not the time, believe me! Keltner sits Helmut down next to him on his lower bunk, a Helmut rubs his throat, and tries swallowing a few times.
30) 110) dialog: (beaten)
30) 111) text: No, I'm alright... thank you. They both sit in silence... Helmut breaks the silence...
30) 112) dialog: Johann, why do they pick on me?   I've never done anything to them.
30) 114) dialog: You think I should have performed?
30) 116) dialog: Johann!
30) 119) dialog: They don't believe me, do they?  I  mean about being a clown?
30) 121) text: There is one you haven't convinced... Helmut stares at Keltner, knowing full well what's coming yet doesn't have the courage to take the chance that it m be another thought... so he waits...
30) 123) text: You, Helmut... you!
30) 124) dialog: The truth of Keltner's charge hits Helmut with an overpow force.  He looks at Keltner for a beat... his eyes filled with pain, then slowly turns away from him, leaving him  standing there as we PAN with Helmut and HOLD on...
33) 0) text: The prisoners are pouring out of the barracks doorway.  G and Uhlmann are already standing outside as Helmut, Keltn Herman, Adolf, Franz, Ludwig, Stout Prisoner, New Prisone join them.  All look o.s. momentarily speechless at what  they see.
33) 8) dialog: What does it mean?  What do they  need a fence for?
33) 43) dialog: Sir?  Corporal... The guard stops and turns so abruptly that Helmut almost  runs into him.
33) 45) dialog: (obsequiously)
33) 46) text: Doork.  Helmut Doork.  Remember?   The papers... You said... Remember  the special forms for the Gestapo to  review my case.
33) 54) dialog: (indignantly)
33) 56) text: Because of last night... I'm not  getting them. Keltner, seeing how disappointed Helmut is, moves up thro the group.
33) 58) text: When this blows over, Helmut, we'll...
33) 71) dialog: (grandly)
33) 77) text: And do it now, clown.  No more  stalling. Helmut, still trying to hold on to his dream of greatness draws himself up proudly and begins to move forward.
33) 78) dialog: Let me through.
33) 86) text: You make us scream... scream with  laughter...  or I'll tear you to  shreds on the wire. Galt presses Helmut right up to the barbed wire fence so can feel the barbs in his back.
33) 88) dialog: All right... all right. The men move back to give him room.  Frantically, he trie to think of something to do... he knows it must be great. or else his myth will explode.  He walks around in a litt circle, trying, trying to think of something.  Finally he faces them.  He bows his legs and pretends he's a bow-leg man trying to walk a high wire, but he's so frightened th result is pathetic, not funny.
33) 90) dialog: Seeing that he is getting no reaction from his "audience" Helmut tries something else. He pulls his shirt over his head and walks around like a  headless man.  He pretends to trip over some unseen objec peers through the front of his shirt at it, and stamps on the object.  Again he tries to walk over it, and again he slips.
33) 98) dialog: I am.  I am a clown! They move away from him.
33) 99) dialog: (continuing)
33) 100) text: Give me a chance.  I just got started. But the men continue to walk away.  Helmut tries to do a  hand stand, but his hands slip in the mud, and he lands  ignominously on all fours.  When he looks up, only Adolf, Galt and Uhlmann remain.
33) 104) dialog: I... I slipped.   I can do it. Seeing the disbelief on their faces, Helmut becomes almos hysterical.  He is still on his knees.
33) 105) dialog: I am a clown.   I am.  I am. He pounds on the ground in frustration.  Galt spits  contemptuously, and the three start to leave.  Galt turns back, looks down at Helmut.  Very deliberately, he comes  forward to stand at a mud puddle.
33) 107) dialog: The mud splatters over his face.  He cries out.  His hand go to his eyes instinctively.  he kneels there, rocking b and forth in misery.  Then from o.s., we HEAR a tiny,  tentative laugh -- the tiniest laugh ever heard.  Helmut  looks up quickly.  He isn't sure that he heard it. Then it comes again, a little stronger.  He looks around  quickly to see who has come back to taunt him, to ridicul him.
33) 109) dialog: He is puzzled.  Then again he hears the laugh o.s.  He tu slowly to look behind him.
33) 111) dialog: He looks uncertainly at the youngster.  Is the child  ridiculing him, too?  He leans over the mud puddle and lo at his reflection.  He likes what he sees.  The mud on hi face looks almost like a primitive clown mask.  Very  deliberately Helmut scoops up more mud and puts a blob of on the end of his nose.  He waits for the child's reactio
33) 114) dialog: As he lands, he quickly glances off towards his barracks, but from the look of disappointment on his face, we know  that none of his barracks mates are watching.  When he he more laughter from o.s., he quickly rolls on his side to  look.
33) 116) text: Helmut gets up and bows, more deeply this time, a tribute the children's vindication for his claim that he is a clo He turns toward the direction of his barracks.
33) 117) dialog: (screaming at top of  voice)
33) 119) dialog: As the "fly" lands on his nose.  He looks cross-eyed at t mud blob, then swats at it.  The blob falls off.
33) 121) dialog: He bows again, and as his head comes up he looks o.s. tow his barracks, still hoping that someone will be watching "great" success.  When he turns back to the children, we that he continues to smile -- while tears course down his cheeks through the mud still caked on them.
34) 1) dialog: As he moves up to be served and holds out his bowl.  The  prisoner - messman spoons a blob of mush into it.  Then h looks around quickly and, before Helmut can pull back his bowl, slops another half spoonful into it with a wink at  Helmut, who gives him a grateful smile in return.  Helmut moves on to the bread server, who gives him a big grin as slips two pieces of bread into the bowl on top of the mus Helmut hurries away, the CAMERA FOLLOWING him. He walks strangely, as if having trouble controlling his feet.  Helmut ducks around the corner of the barracks nea the mess hall, then peers cautiously back into the main y Satisfied that he hasn't been noticed, he quickly puts on piece of bread into his pocket and takes out his spoon.   Holding the second piece of bread beneath the bowl, he wo down a few mouthfuls of the mush.  Then he smooths out th remainder with the spoon to make the mush appear untouche He places the one slice of bread back on top of it, and  studies the end result.  Nodding approval, he licks his s clean and puts it back in his pocket.  He goes back aroun the corner of the barracks into the main yard and heads f the next building.
34) 6) text: Here comes your second helping. As Helmut's feet walk into FRAME and stop next to the Big Prisoner, we see the reason for his peculiar walk.  He is wearing a pair of enormous shoes, many sizes too large fo him and cut open along the soles from the toes to the ins so that they flap as he moves along.
34) 7) text: as Helmut joins them and holds out his bowl of bread and  mush to the Big Prisoner.
34) 8) dialog: Here. Still grinning, the Big Prisoner puts his empty bowl on t ground beside him and takes Helmut's bowl.  Holding the b aside, he digs into the mush.  Helmut watches him eat, hi own hunger written all over his face.  After a few bites, this makes the Big Prisoner a little self-concious.
34) 10) dialog: Perfect. The Big Prisoner nods and goes back to eating, satisfied  that he has made a fair bargain and shouldn't be embarras about taking Helmut's food.
34) 11) dialog: Don't forget the bowl. The Big Prisoner, his mouth full of mush, only nods.  Hel tearing his eyes from the food, moves off.  The Big Priso watches him go.  Suddenly, he looks down at the departing Helmut's feet, and his face darkens.
34) 13) text: Hey, Doork! Helmut stops and turns as the Big Prisoner shoves himself away from the hut and goes to him, staring down at the sh
34) 16) dialog: I had to fix them this way...  for  the act, you know.  Wait till you  see how funny it is.
34) 18) dialog: Don't worry.
34) 20) dialog: When I return them, they'll be like  new.  I promise. The Old Prisoner has finished his mush and puts his bowl  down on the ground and moves forward to join Helmut and t Big Prisoner.
34) 27) dialog: Promise. Helmut shakes his head "yes", turns and quickly hustles o in the direction of his own barracks, the CAMERA MOVING w him.  After a few steps.
34) 31) dialog: Taking bites of the bread, Helmut, rather jauntily, lopes off toward his own barracks.  As he moves among the other prisoners, the CAMERA MOVING with him, we see many of the point or nod toward Helmut and smile good-naturedly.  Hel is completely unaware of them, so lost is he in his own  thoughts.
35) 22) dialog: (holding up the chalk)
35) 28) dialog: His conscience bothered him.
35) 30) dialog: (sheepishly)
35) 34) dialog: (firmly)
35) 37) text: SHOOTING PAST Helmut and group and in f.g. toward the mai yard, where we see Galt and Uhlmann approaching.  During ensuing dialogue, Galt spots Helmut, nudges Uhlmann and  together they come toward him.
35) 39) dialog: I'll be careful.  I swear. Besides,  I've got to have it. I explained  before...  a clown can't change his  costume.  It's his trademark.
35) 48) text: If he were, he'd be over there Through this Helmut remains silent -- his eyes focused on the coat.
35) 64) dialog: Did you hear the laughs I got  yesterday? Keltner nods.
35) 65) dialog: Not just from the children... but  the adults, too. You know where a lot of clowns make a big mistake?  They  play just for the children. They forget... it's the parents, the adults that buy the  tickets.
35) 67) dialog: They said I couldn't come up with  anything new. Keltner looks puzzled.
35) 68) dialog: At the circus.  Schmidt and the rest.   Wait'll they see my act now.  It's  funny.  Really funny. (a beat)
35) 71) dialog: What I needed was time.  Time to  concentrate on new material.  A man's  got to have time alone.
35) 73) text: You call this being alone? Helmut takes a few more steps then stops short.
35) 74) dialog: Do you think... maybe... they'd let  me go to other camps and entertain? Keltner is about to say something... but shrugs his shoul He knows there's not much point in trying to make Helmut  look at things the way they really are.  Helmut starts to walk again.
35) 75) dialog: I'd have to get to the Commandant.   Would need his permission. They arrive at the steps to the barracks.  Helmut swings  Franz's coat over his shoulder as he starts up the steps.
35) 76) dialog: If you have time later, I'd like you  to see something I've been working  on.  I hunch down and do a tiny  soldier parading.  Think they'll  like it?
35) 79) dialog: (matter of fact)
37) 1) dialog: And we see that he has used the chalk to whiten his face. With charcoal he has blackened his eyebrows, formed a wid black mouth and drawn lines down over his eyelids to his  cheekbones, giving him the appearance of a clown at once and happy.  At the moment he is coatless, but Franz's coa lies nearby on the ground.  For the stunt he is doing now Helmut carries the remains of an old broom and a piece of cardboard.  He is trying to sweep a small heap of dirt he has gathered onto the cardboard, but each time he tries, dirt goes over the cardboard and he must sweep it into a  pile again.  After a few attempts he feigns exasperation ponders the problem.  Inspiration comes.  He sweeps the d into a pile again, bends over and very carefully sweeps i into the front of one of his shoes, holding up the split to let it in.  This accomplished, he is very proud of him but when he tries to take a step, some of the dirt comes  out.  Frustrated, he ponders again, and again has an  inspiration.  He removes the shoe and puts it under his a But as he walks away with it, all the dirt slides out thr the open toe.  The children roar with delight.
37) 6) dialog: He is putting on Franz's too-small jacket.  He tries to b it, but it won't go around him.  He sucks in his belly, b then his pants begin to slip, and he grabs at them with a embarrassed look at the laughing children. Deciding that the only way to button the coat is to hunch his shoulders, he tries that, but now his shoulders must  remain hunched.  He manages to pick up the broom and puts over his shoulder, playing soldier.  But when he tries to snap to attention, the coat pops open again, bringing ano roar of laughter from Helmut's audience. Now he marches a few steps toward the CAMERA, stops, snap puts the rifle down at rest position and salutes -- knock himself flat.  Another roar of laughter.  As it swells, w
40) 56) text: That's all.  Show's over.  Everybody  clear out. Helmut stops, startled.
40) 58) dialog: What's wrong?
40) 61) text: You heard me.  Show's over. The children don't move, but stand staring at Helmut as i waiting for him to tell them what to do.  This frustrates the guard, who isn't accustomed to being questioned.
40) 65) dialog: That's all the show for today.  Go  back inside. The children back away with long faces.  Finally convince that Helmut is through, they turn and wander back toward  their barracks, but with many a backward look at him.  He continues to encourage them, as the guard looks on.
40) 66) dialog: That's right now, go along.  I'll  see you tomorrow.  Goodbye.  Goodbye.   Until tomorrow. Many of the children wave to him.  The guard takes Helmut the arm, turns him toward the barrack and hustles him off
40) 69) dialog: I don't understand.  What's the  matter?
40) 71) dialog: You mean... not ever?
40) 73) dialog: But we weren't doing any harm.
40) 75) dialog: The Commandant?
40) 77) dialog: Just because I make them laugh a  little...
40) 79) dialog: I wasn't mixing!  I was only... The guard stops him and turns him so that they are face t face.  The CAMERA MOVES UP TO --
40) 83) text: Now do what I tell you and save  yourself a lot of grief. He pushes Helmut toward his barrack and then turns and wa off, the CAMERA PULLING BACK to --
40) 84) text: Helmut watches the guard go, then, dejectedly, shuffles t his barrack.  As he nears it, Keltner, Franz, Adolf, Herm Ludwig, and the other regulars intercept him.
40) 87) dialog: (still bewildered)
40) 93) dialog: Why should that bother them?
42) 0) text: Helmut can be seen standing in the doorway.  After a beat he quickly retreats back into the barrack.
43) 0) text: The CAMERA MOVES BACKWARD down the aisle between the bunk as Helmut walks dejectedly down the aisle, nervously fing his white ascot.  The barrack is empty except for Keltner who is arranging the sprouts of his potato plant over a l trellis of sticks.  Helmut turns and walks back up the ai to stand in front of Keltner.
43) 1) dialog: I can't go out there.  I can't take  another day of them staring at me.
43) 3) dialog: They look at me as though it was all  my fault.  Haven't they been told  why I can't...
43) 5) dialog: Then why do they stare?
43) 7) text: It's amazing how a thing like this  can feed off itself.  Think how lucky  we would be if we could do that. Helmut glances disinterestedly at the plant as he reaches to his bunk and brings down the coat belonging to Franz. holds coat up for Keltner to see.
43) 8) dialog: I sewed a button on.  Look all right?
43) 10) text: Fine. Helmut gently pats the coat, then folds it and puts it ba on his bunk.
43) 11) dialog: I did make them laugh.  Didn't I? Keltner nods.
43) 12) dialog: (angrily)
43) 15) dialog: (trying to convince  himself)
43) 18) dialog: Johann... do you think there's any  possible way I could talk to the  Commandant.  Maybe I could make him  understand... The sentence trails off as Helmut realizes how useless hi suggestion is.
43) 20) dialog: How can I!  They were my own very  special audience.  And now they stare  at me as if I had betrayed them.
43) 22) dialog: (sudden thought)
43) 23) text: If I could talk to them.  To the  children themselves -- that would  help, wouldn't it? Keltner doesn't answer but he watches Helmut with new  interest.
43) 24) dialog: If I explain it to them -- then  they'll know I am not mad at them.
43) 27) dialog: (pleading)
43) 28) text: I would just need a minute.  A minute  to talk to them. Helmut goes to the door and looks out.
43) 33) dialog: I wish to God I didn't care.  I wish  to God I could forget them. Helmut walks back to Keltner.
43) 34) dialog: But I can't. Helmut looks at Keltner, his eyes pleading for help.
43) 38) dialog: (after a moment)
43) 40) text: I really don't know what the reason  is.  I think it's got something to  do with... well, I don't want those  little ones to think I've turned  against them, too.  That's why I've  got to do something.  Something. Keltner studies Helmut for a moment.
43) 44) dialog: Where are you going?
43) 46) dialog: There's no reason for you to get  involved in this.
44) 0) text: As Keltner and Helmut come out.  In the b.g. we can see t soccer game still going on, the players shouting excitedl at each other.  Keltner surveys the scene for a moment.
45) 10) dialog: As he watches the plan in action.  Keltner rejoins him.
45) 13) dialog: Right.
45) 16) dialog: Shooting past the children in f.g. toward Helmut as he ne the line of prisoners, who continue to ad lib shouts of  derision and encouragement to the soccer players.  The  children begin ad libbing cries of greeting to Helmut.  H puts his fingers to his lips to silence them and takes hi place in the line with his back to them.
45) 17) dialog: as he stands pretending to watch the soccer game with the others.
45) 18) dialog: (shouting)
45) 19) text: Kick it, Ludwig.  Kick it! The prisoner next to him gives him a sidelong glance and  nods almost imperceptibly.  Quickly, Helmut ducks behind line.
45) 20) dialog: Behind the line as he scurries, bending over, to the fenc The children flock to him.  The CAMERA FOLLOWS him to the fence.
45) 22) dialog: Shhh.  Shhhh.  The guards... The children quiet down and press closer to the fence.  H drops to his knees, looking around.
45) 24) dialog: No, no.  I can't.  The guards won't  let me.  Not now.  Maybe some other  day.
45) 28) dialog: What is it?  What happened?
45) 30) dialog: Shhh.  Shhh.  Don't cry.  It's going  to be all right. (to the other children)
45) 31) text: Be careful when you're near this  fence. He consoles the little boy, who continues to cry and hold up his wounded arm for Helmut to see.  Helmut looks aroun frantically, as if hoping to find help somewhere.  Then h quickly removes his ascot -- his precious trademark, the  symbol of his self-accorded status -- and hands it throug the fence.
45) 32) dialog: Here, wrap this around it.  I'll  make it all better. The little boy goes on crying, but some of the other chil take the cravat and fashion it into a crude bandage aroun the youngster's arm.  It fails to silence the boy's cryin however.
45) 33) dialog: (worried)
45) 34) text: Hush now.  Stop crying.  Please.   Look... Look at this. He begins shuffling around on his knees, imitating a duck an effort to appease the crying child.  As he goes, Helmu quacks softly.  The boy stops crying, but his face remain unhappy.  The other children laugh in spite of Helmut's  efforts to keep them quiet, all but the group of eight  youngsters who only stare at Helmut in awe.  Seeing that is making progress with the crying child, Helmut next pul his coat up over his head and, still on his knees, moves  around like a headless man, groping ahead with his hands.
45) 37) dialog: There, that's better.  No more crying  now. For the first time he notices the other group of frowning children.  Among the other smiling and laughing youngster they seem to stand out.  When Helmut fastens a quizzical  look on them, they back away a little, fearfully.
45) 38) dialog: What's the matter with them?
45) 41) dialog: (to the silent ones)
45) 42) text: There's nothing to be afraid of.   Everything is all right. When there is no reaction from the children, who obviousl don't understand him, Helmut looks over his shoulder,  wondering if he has time.
45) 47) dialog: Here.  Look.  I'll show you... No  noise now. In pantomime, he pretends to pull a hair from his head an threads it through an imaginary needle.  Finally accompli this, he pretends to be sewing a button on his jacket, ho the thumb of his left hand under the button while he sews with his right.  When he has finished, he pantomimes that has sews his thumb to the jacket.  He pretends to be  embarrassed and tries to hide his hand in his trouser poc but in order to put his hand in his pocket the jacket goe too.  The children giggle, then roar with laughter at his frantic efforts to detach his thumb from his jacket. The silent children press closer to watch Helmut's antics Some look at each other and smile, then grin.  Suddenly t entire group is laughing.  Helmut holds up his hands for  silence, but the grin on his face says he loves it.
45) 48) dialog: No, no, be quiet.  Be quiet.  Shhh.   Shhhh. The children go on laughing as if this is just part of th game.
45) 55) text: SHOOTING PAST Helmut in f.g. toward the guard, SS men, an soldiers, who have come through the line of spectators an stand glowering at him.  The prisoners have moved back, w watching for the next move.
45) 58) text: Go on.  Get back. The children don't move.  Their eyes are on Helmut.  The  guard shouts over to the adults standing behind the child
45) 60) dialog: They had nothing to do with it.  It  was all my doing. The guard turns and comes up to face Helmut.  He studies for a moment, then hits him a vicious backhand slap acros the face.  Taken by surprise, Helmut staggers backward an falls.  A murmur runs through the prisoners.  The childre still near the fence, cry out with alarm.  Seeing their  terror, Helmut is determined to make it look like just an act.  With a painful effort he gets to his feet, smiles a the children, turns and salutes the guard, knocking himse down again.  A couple of children giggle.  The FIRST SS  OFFICER quickly steps forward to stand behind the guard. He holds a swagger stick in his right hand, which he  repeatedly whacks into the palm of his left hand.  He loo down at Helmut.
45) 68) dialog: Helmut is now, more than ever, the clown, as he goes into frenzied version of the "Clap Dance".  The complete  incongruity of his behavior leaves the spectators stunned WIDER ANGLE - SHOWING THE CHILDREN IN B.G. The children are no longer screaming, instead they are  watching Helmut as though they are hypnotized.
46) 0) text: SHOOTING FROM THE BACK of the cell toward the door.  The  cell is about eight feet long and four feet wide with a s door at the far end.  The cell is bare.  We HEAR men  approaching, and a guard opens the door letting in a shaf of bright light.  Two guards hoist the unconcious Helmut  into the cell and drop him onto the floor.
46) 1) dialog: He lies in a heap on the floor, his face swollen from a s beating.
48) 1) dialog: Helmut has been cleaned up, but still shows the effects o the beating and his stay in solitary.  Holding a small mi he is applying his makeup.  He occasionally closes or tri to shade his eyes from the light.  They ride on in silenc Scharff stares straight ahead.
48) 2) dialog: Wish you could've gotten the big  shoes.  The children laugh so when  they see them flopping up and down. Scharff makes no reply.  Helmut starts to put on his big  black mouth.
48) 3) dialog: (a touch of the old  arrogance)
48) 8) text: It's a good idea... moving the  children. Scharff reacts to this.  He looks sharply at Helmut.
48) 9) dialog: Prison's no place for children. I  said all along that it was some kind  of mistake.
48) 12) dialog: Know what Johann Keltner said?
48) 14) dialog: Keltner.  From my barracks.  The  minister. He said... Let me think. He said... men who wage war on  children. That's it. Men who wage  war on children... commit such a  crime... (a beat as he thinks)
48) 15) text: ... such a heinous crime.  That's  it.  Men who wage war on children  commit such a heinous crime that  even the devil damns their souls. Scharff looks as though he'd just been slapped across the face.  He quickly turns toward the window.  Helmut inspec his reflection in the mirror as he draws black vertical l down over each eye -- giving him a very lost, sad, deject look.
48) 34) text: Over here, Clown. Helmut quickly gets out of the car and moves over to Scha He looks toward the partially open door.
48) 35) dialog: They're crying.
48) 37) text: Take that in to them. Helmut picks up the sack and peers into it.
48) 38) dialog: What is it?
48) 40) dialog: (shocked)
48) 44) dialog: Yes, sir. Helmut moves over to the half open door of the boxcar, th CAMERA MOVING with him.  Just before he looks inside, he  puts a wide grin on his face.  But when he does peer into the car, his eyes cease to smile.
49) 3) text: It's Doork.  It is!  It is! The children begin untangling quickly.  Faces appear betw legs, around skirts and over shoulders.  For a moment the can only stare at Helmut, speechless with wonder.
49) 4) dialog: (gently)
49) 5) text: So this is where you've been hiding? That breaks the silence, and the children begin squealing libbed expressions of greeting and relief.  They repeat h name time and again:  "Doork, Doork, Doork."  As one... t youngsters surge toward him.  The little boy who first sa him reaches him first.  He drops to his knees and puts hi arms around Helmut's neck, hugging him furiously.  Helmut returns the embrace.
49) 7) dialog: Now, now, there's nothing to cry  about.  We're going to have fun. (disengaging himself  and picking up the  sack)
49) 9) text: The children pounce on the sack and  tug at it, unsure what it is except  that it's a gift from Helmut.
49) 10) dialog: Wait now.  Don't open it yet.  Wait'll  I get in.  You help me. He backs up a few steps, the CAMERA PULLING BACK with him Then he runs toward the car and, with strength he really  doesn't have, jumps up so that he gets his arms on the fl of the boxcar.  He heaves himself forward partially into and the children grab his clothes to help him inside.  A  couple of the older boys seize the seat of his pants and  finally pull him in.
50) 0) text: FAVORING Helmut as he rolls over and jumps up, waggling h head from side to side in the manner of a Jack-in-the-box The children watch him big-eyed.  A few giggle.
50) 1) dialog: Look, I'm a Jack-in-the-box. He gestures around to indicate that he is, indeed, in a b
50) 2) dialog: We're all Jacks-in-the-box -- the  same box. The children laugh, and some begin imitating Helmut's hea movements.  Others do the same, and still others, includi the Czech youngsters, until all are waggling their heads each other and loving it.  Then, out of sheer adoration, youngest of the children close in on Helmut and hug him a his legs.  Slowly he stops waggling his head and stretche out his arms to embrace as many of them as he can -- almo as if trying to protect them.  Suddenly the gaiety dissol and the children go solemnly silent.  Helmut reacts.
50) 3) dialog: Well... who's hungry. Almost in unison, the children shout "I am", again forget their unhappiness.
50) 4) dialog: All right, I want everybody to sit  down.  When I count three, everybody  sit.  Ready?   One, two... On the count of two, many of the youngsters sit down.  He feigns surprise.
50) 5) dialog: Oh, you're too fast.  Three! This brings a burst of giggles, and the remaining childre sit down... the Czechs following the example of the other Helmut opens the burlap sack and begins handing out piece of black bread.  The children grab at the chunks and gnaw voraciously.  When all of the youngsters have been given bread, Helmut takes a piece and bites into it with great  relish.  After a few chews on the bread:
50) 6) dialog: Now... what'll we do? There is a long moment of silence, then the little blonde girl with the rag doll speaks up timidly.
50) 8) dialog: You would?  All right.
50) 10) dialog: She's right here with you.
50) 12) dialog: That's because you don't know how to  look.  I'll show you.  Close your  eyes. (to the other children)
50) 14) dialog: Everybody's eyes shut?  Now, think  about your mommys and Daddys... There,  don't you see them?  Can't you see  their faces? The children, marvelling at this feat, ad lib expressions assent.
50) 15) dialog: So you see!  They're right here with  you.  All you have to do is look in  your hearts.
50) 18) dialog: (deeply touched)
50) 19) text: Yes, she does.  She has you safe in  her heart, too. The silence in the car tells Helmut that sadness has retu to the children.  He brightens quickly and rises.
50) 20) dialog: I've got an idea.  You all know my  name, but I don't know yours.  So  let's find out everybody's name,  shall we? He points to a boy of about ten in the group.
50) 21) dialog: You... come here and I'll show you  what we'll do. The boy, honored at being singled out, rises and comes to Helmut, who takes a stubby pencil from his pocket.
50) 22) dialog: What's your name?
50) 25) dialog: Willie.  That's a good name.  How do  you spell it?
50) 28) dialog: Fine.  I'll just write that on top  of your head. Using the eraser end of the pencil, Helmut carefully trac the letters on top of the boy's head.  The youngster peer upward, wondering.
50) 29) dialog: There.  See, this way we'll all be  able to tell everybody else's name  just by looking at his head.
50) 33) dialog: Of course I did.  Here... He pulls an older boy to his feet, winks at him and point to the first boy's head.
50) 34) dialog: (to the older boy)
50) 40) dialog: Be careful.  Don't smear it. (he glances around)
50) 41) text: Let's see now... Yes.  You shall be  next. He points to a Czech girl of about six.  He motions for h to come over to him.  She shyly bows her head.  Her frien push her forward. Helmut holds out his hand to her, she g it.
50) 42) dialog: What is your name? She looks at him, then at the other Czech children.  They all giggle.
50) 43) dialog: (squatting down beside  her)
50) 45) dialog: (to others)
50) 50) text: Doork. The child's eyes light up and she whispers into Helmut's  ear.
50) 51) dialog: A beautiful name!  Now you tell all  the children.
50) 54) dialog: It's such a pretty name... say it  again.
50) 56) text: Inga! She quickly bows her head for Helmut to outline her name the top of it.
50) 57) dialog: (with a flourish of  his pencil)
50) 58) text: I-N-G-A.  There it is. The little girl gives a quick curtsy and hurries back to group.  Helmut glances around at the children.
50) 59) dialog: Let's see now.  Who wants to be next. The little girl with the doll presses forward.
50) 60) dialog: You? Shaking her head she holds up the doll.
50) 61) dialog: Her?
50) 63) dialog: Of course.  That way she can't get  lost, can she?  What's her name?
50) 65) dialog: (mock dismay)
50) 67) dialog: Frederika! Next he puts the doll's head between his thumb and forefi illustrating that the head is too small for the name.
50) 68) dialog: Couldn't we just make it Freda?
50) 70) text: Oh, no!  Frederika. Helmut shrugs, closes one eye and begins writing in tiny  letters on the doll's head.  The children laugh delighted
52) 4) text: Clown.  Clown, can you play one of  these? He holds out a harmonica.  Helmut leans over to get it, b careful not to disturb the children.
52) 7) dialog: It will.  It will. (he takes it)
52) 9) dialog: I promise. He leans back and looks at the harmonica, then he has a s thought as Hoffman's head disappears.  He leans back towa the door.
52) 10) dialog: Guard... guard. Hoffman reappears at door.
52) 11) dialog: It's going to be dark soon.  The  little ones may be afraid.  Do you  think... well... could you get some  kind of a light for in here?
52) 13) text: Want to get me in trouble? Helmut nods that he understands Hoffman's situation.
52) 16) dialog: I know.  I know you would. Again Hoffman's face disappears.  Helmut leans back and b experimenting with the harmonica.  Actually he can play i only slightly, but he manages to get some sort of soft tu out of it.  The CAMERA PULLS BACK SLOWLY to include the  children, most of who are resting peacefully, secure in  Helmut's presence.  But suddenly a little dark haired, da eyed girl of about six, sits upright and cries out, frigh by a bad dream.  Helmut reacts.  The child looks around t boxcar as if she can't remember how she got there and beg crying inconsolably.  Some of the other children stir.  H quickly but carefully disengages himself from the tots ar him and picks his way over to the girl.  He kneels beside her, and the CAMERA MOVES UP to --
52) 18) dialog: (gently)
52) 20) text: It's all right -- just a bad dream. He tries to put a comforting arm around her, but she shri away continuing to sob softly.  Realizing that words won' help, he turns to the harmonica for communication, serena her with a soft but sprightly tune of his own improvisati It is hardly a masterpiece, but it has the desired effect The girl stops sobbing, and when Helmut finishes the tune makes a real funny face and she timorously puts a hand up touch his make-up, but pulls it back quickly.  With an  affectionate smile, Helmut takes her hand and runs it ove his face, pretending that her touch tickles him.  As he  laughs, the child begins to smile faintly.  He shows her traces of chalk make-up on her fingers, and she giggles. His conquest is all but complete.  He picks the youngster up, and holding her like a dancing partner, pretends to d with her to a little tune he hums.  She loves this and la outright.  When Helmut finally puts her down, he kisses h on the cheek and turns his cheek in an unspoken request f a return kiss.  The girl shyly and quickly gives Helmut's cheek a peck.  Grinning, Helmut pats the spot where she k him to show his appreciation for her wonderful gift.
52) 25) dialog: (shaking his head)
52) 28) dialog: I do now.
54) 7) text: All right, clown, time to get off. Helmut appears at the door and looks down.
54) 8) dialog: What is it?
54) 10) text: Here.  Tell them not to light it up  until the doors are closed. Helmut gives him a look of deep gratitude.
55) 0) text: The jolt has awakened several of the children, who gather around Helmut in the dimness of the car, frightened and  bewildered.
55) 2) dialog: (forced gaiety)
55) 6) dialog: Oh, it'll be fun.  I would like to  come, but I don't think I can.
55) 9) dialog: I can't.  They want me to stay here. There are cries from the children, whose pleading eyes ma Helmut terribly uncomfortable.  He backs toward the door.
55) 10) dialog: But... I'll come to see you.  Soon  as I can. And, I want you all to  promise me to be very good.  No  crying. The children stare at him silently, their eyes unconsciou accusing.  With him goes all their security.  Helmut know it, but he has no choice.  When he reaches the door...
55) 11) dialog: If you want me...  remember, just  close your eyes.
55) 14) dialog: Near tears with emotion, he wavers.  Then with great cont
55) 15) dialog: (huskily)
55) 17) dialog: He turns and sits down on the floor of the car with his f hanging outside.  He is just about to jump down when he i stopped by a LOUD WAIL of anguish from one of the childre behind him.  He turns and looks back at them.
55) 19) text: Uncertain what to do, Helmut glances around outside.   Satisfied that the train isn't going to move at once, he  gets up and goes to the children.
55) 20) dialog: What's this now?  Crying?  After all  the fun we've had? The boy only looks at Helmut and goes right on crying.  H looks helplessly at the older girl.
55) 22) dialog: (to girl)
55) 25) text: Of course not! Helmut is angry with the girl because he really wants to off the train and yet can't because of the accusing look her eyes.
55) 26) dialog: (pointedly)
55) 30) dialog: He speaks German?
55) 32) dialog: But he told you it's his birthday? The girl nods firmly as do the other children.  The boy  watches it all, wide-eyed.  Helmut figures to put an end this.
55) 33) dialog: What date is this?
55) 35) text: Why, it's his birthday! This is too much for Helmut to fathom.  He turns his head away, trying to think.
55) 37) dialog: Of course, I do. (pats boy's head)
55) 40) dialog: Aha, the very thing.  He can be the  clown while I'm gone.
55) 42) dialog: Happy birthday. The boy looks solemnly at Helmut and the harmonica.  He  doesn't quite seem to understand what this is all about, the harmonica is enticing.  He looks up at his countrymen for encouragement.  They smile at him, and he takes the  harmonica, examines it, then blows into it experimentally When he hears the SOUND that comes out, he brightens.  Th the little girl with the rag doll comes forward and offer it to the boy.  He looks at her strangely, one of the old German boys scoffs.
55) 44) dialog: When you give something you love...   it doesn't matter if it's the right  thing. He takes the doll and puts one of it's hands in the boy's hand, the other in the little girl's.  They stand looking each other and sharing the doll.  Helmut looks towards th door apprehensively, but there seems to be no action outs and there are the eyes of the children on him.
55) 45) dialog: Maybe we have time for a birthday  game.  A quick one.  Let me take a  look.
56) 0) text: Helmut goes back to the door.  He glances around outside. There still seems to be time.  He returns to the children
56) 1) dialog: Everybody line up behind me now, and  I'll show you how a train goes.   Wait -- the harmonica. Helmut looks around for the new owner of the harmonica. goes over to him.
56) 2) dialog: May I borrow it back... for just a  minute or two? The boy studies him dubiously with that "Indian-giver" lo in his eyes.
56) 3) dialog: For just a minute -- then I'll give  it right back to you. (trying a sort of  sign language)
56) 5) dialog: Good.  Now everybody...  line up  behind me. The children scramble into line behind him.  Helmut looks back at them.
56) 6) dialog: Grab hold of the one in front of  you...  'cause we're going to be a  fast express train. The children, laughing and giggling, grab hold of one ano
56) 7) dialog: (calling out)
56) 8) text: All aboard.  All aboard. He puts the harmonica to his lips and begins huffing and  puffing on it, imitating a train.  He begins to shuffle h feet and move slowly down the side of the car... the chil holding on for dear life and following him... their eyes  shining with expectation as Helmut begins to quicken his  pace.
57) 0) text: Dim shafts of light from the two small square vent openin near the top on each side, gives the boxcar an eerie look Helmut stops abruptly as he hears the slamming of the doo The children pile up behind him.
57) 1) dialog: 
57) 3) dialog: Open the door!  Let me out...  LET 
57) 5) dialog: Guess I'm going with you after all. He switches on the lantern and holds it high so its rays  cover all the children.
59) 2) dialog: I don't know. He untangles himself, rises and stretches his numbed arms and legs.  He starts toward the door, but it slides open  suddenly and a BURLY GUARD vaults inside.   Behind him we see a truck similar to a moving van being backed up to th boxcar.  Helmut blinks uncertainly at the light pouring  through the door.
59) 5) dialog: Where are we?
59) 7) dialog: I... I'm from the other prison.  Got  locked in -- by accident.
59) 15) dialog: I... I was taking care of the children  back there and... accidentally got  locked in.
59) 17) dialog: (realizing he's in  big trouble)
59) 18) text: Doork.  Helmut Doork. The Sergeant fumes for a moment, then...
60) 2) text: All right, in the truck, quick now! The children, most of whom are on their feet now, hesitat looking to Helmut for guidance.  The guard seizes one  youngster and shoves him toward the door.  Instead, howev the child flies to Helmut and grabs him around the legs.
60) 4) dialog: (quickly)
60) 9) dialog: Don't you want me to stay with them?   They'll be frightened without me.
60) 12) text: That's enough.  Get them inside and  keep them quiet. Burly guard starts to prod the children but they don't mo their eyes are fixed on Helmut.
60) 15) dialog: Do as he says.  And, don't worry,  I'll be with you soon.  I promise. Reluctantly, the children march off.  They look back  frequently at Helmut who waves to them.
60) 17) text: Come along, now. They walk over to a two-story building.  Helmut looks bac in the direction of the children, then looks about the ca
60) 18) dialog: This is just another prison.
60) 20) dialog: I thought the children were going to  a better place. The Sergeant, with an incredulous look on his face, stare at Helmut.
61) 0) text: The cell is a small, bare cubicle containing only a cot a an open toilet.  In the wall, fronting on the prison yard there is a small barred window.  Helmut stops pacing and  moves over to it, and looks out.  The CAMERA SWINGS so th it is SHOOTING PAST Helmut's head through the window.  At the far end of the yard we can see the windowless stone  buildings.  As Helmut stares out at them, we HEAR approac footsteps. Helmut stiffens, turns toward the door as the  SOUND of the footsteps grows louder and louder. The CAMERA SWINGS toward the door as it opens to reveal  CAPTAIN CURT RUNKEL, a slender, impeccably groomed and  thoroughly Nazified officer of the elite S.S.  He is the  embodiment of all Hitlerian ideals.  Runkel strides into cell.
61) 2) text: Close the door, and wait out there. Guard closes the door.  Runkel studies Helmut coldly.  Wi taking his eyes off Helmut, he pulls out a cigarette case takes out cigarette, lights it and slowly inhales.
61) 6) text: Mean anything to you? (before Helmut can  answer)
61) 10) text: And, I might add, most unique. (walks back towards  Helmut, studying him  carefully)
61) 13) dialog: I explained.  I got locked in the  boxcar and...
61) 16) dialog: I was taking care -- I mean, the  Commandant requested me to take care  of the children.
61) 20) dialog: Escaped!  But...
61) 22) text: ... it was an accident. (his face close to  Helmut's)
61) 24) dialog: (terrorized at the  thought of death)
61) 25) text: No... no!  I'm not one of them.  I'm  not ! Runkel smiles, moves away from Helmut.
61) 35) dialog: (attempting to get to  his feet)
61) 36) text: Sir... Sir... could I... could I  have a little time with them before  ... before... His voice trails off.  Runkel looks at Helmut while he th it over.  He moves back to the middle of the cell.
62) 0) text: ANGLE to the door as Helmut and the Sergeant approach fro o.s.  Helmut has freshened his make-up.
62) 2) dialog: There won't be any trouble. Helmut goes to the door and starts to open it.  The CAMER MOVES UP to --
62) 3) dialog: With a great effort, he composes himself and throws open door.
63) 0) text: ANGLE to the door, where Helmut stands wearing an enormou grin.  The children are about the barren room in little  groups.  When they see Helmut, they leap up and run to hi clinging to him as he closes the door behind him and move into the room.
63) 2) dialog: There.  There.  It's all right. It's  all right.   Everything is going to  be all right. When the youngsters are calmed, Helmut holds up his hands for silence.
63) 3) dialog: Now I want everyone to put on a big  smile and sit down, because we're  going to have more fun than we've  ever had. Slowly, still unconvinced that they have nothing to fear, the children sit on the floor.
63) 4) dialog: Good.  We'll start by seeing that we  all have our names on our heads. The children begin to lower their heads so Helmut can che to see if their names are still there.
63) 5) dialog: (as he moves among  them)
63) 7) dialog: Ah, yes, Frederika!  Good.  I see  all of your names. This is almost too much for Helmut, but he manages to con himself by turning away for a beat.  Then he turns back t the children, his big smile back in place.
63) 8) dialog: Now... on with the show.  Just watch  this.
63) 16) text: SHOOTING PAST Helmut to the door as it opens, revealing t Sergeant, his face expressionless.  Helmut reacts.
63) 19) dialog: Just a few more minutes? The sergeant shakes his head.
63) 20) dialog: I'll bring them. The children are watching him, puzzled.
63) 22) dialog: (trying to think what  to say)
63) 25) dialog: (continuing)
63) 26) text: ... behind Willie here. The children scramble up and begin forming a line behind very proud Willie.  Helmut looks around for the boy with harmonica.
63) 27) dialog: Now, where's our band?  The harmonica? He sees the boy and goes to him.  Helmut pantomimes playi the harmonica and points to himself.  The boy smiles wide fishes the harmonica out of his pocket and holds it up.
63) 28) dialog: There we are?  Everybody ready?   Here we go. Helmut takes his place at the head of the line, like the  Pied Piper, leads the youngsters out the door, playing a  crude sort of circus parade music.  The little children g excitedly as they troupe out.  The older ones seem less  certain, but as long as Helmut is with them, they feel se
64) 0) text: As the procession of youngsters emerges from the barracks with Helmut dancing along at its head.  The Sergeant and other two Guards stand watching in disbelief as the line  turns and moves along toward the first of the windowless  buildings.
64) 4) dialog: With each step, Helmut looks about, his eyes searching he praying for the miracle that will save the children... th sudden blast of thunder, the striking down of the guards.
64) 7) dialog: Despair fills his eyes as he realizes that there is to be miracle.  He looks ahead into the room, his courage fails him and he stops so abruptly that the children behind him run into his legs.  He turns and looks at them, then back the door.
64) 8) text: Almost reluctantly, Helmut stands aside.  He tries to smi but the result is almost grotesque.  He tries to speak, b no words come.  The Sergeant and the guard drift up towar him, scowling.  Gently, Helmut tousles the hair of little Willie and steers him through the door into the room.  Th other children follow him hesitantly.  Helmut puts the  harmonica to his lips and begins playing again.
64) 13) dialog: He looks down at her hand for a long beat.
65) 0) text: ANGLE to the door as Helmut and little girl enter.  Sudde the door slams shut behind them.  Helmut whirls to it  instinctively, as if to shove it open or cry out for help but he does neither.
65) 1) dialog: His face is pressed against the steel door.  He fights th panic within him.  Then, he quickly wipes his eyes and tu back towards the children.  Slowly he takes three chunks stale bread from his coat pocket and begins juggling them at the same time waggling his head from side to side, slo at first, then more gaily.  From deep inside him comes a  tiny, tiny laugh.  The CAMERA PULLS BACK SLOWLY to reveal the children in the f.g.  Suddenly, Helmut tosses the pie of bread high, high into the air and stretches out his ar to encompass all the children.  As they gather around him they take up his soft laugh, timidly at first, then more  assuredly until the chamber resounds with gentle laughter