19) 0) text: We now see the Barracks completely (SHOOTING from flat on the wooden bunks are housed in a low wooden building with eight two tier bunks on each side.  A group of men are  clustered around Keltner's bunk.  Here we meet:  ADOLF, a large, once powerful man, in his mid thirties.  LUDWIG, o a fairly prosperous businessman before his politics lande him in prison, is older, and his bitterness is written al over his face.  FRANZ, is the youngest.  He is a sensitiv looing twenty five year old, more than likely the "rebel" type of the 1930s. Helmut is in his upper bunk over Keltner writing on an ol piece of paper with a scruffy pencil, which he bites to m a point of, and wets with his tongue like any fat butcher selling liverwurst and marking the price on a brown paper bag... (i.e. Brooklyn, circa 1928). We TRUCK the CAMERA down the long barrack to include the  other men doing their things.  A couple of men are gettin ready for a card game... several others are comparing  clothing, mending and helping one another, a couple play  chess.  A few are sleeping, but for the most part, most o the men lay in their bunks staring at the ceiling... The  floors are spotless... suffice to say they better be... t walls have nothing hanging but a few socks drying... a to calendar, wrong year, etc.
19) 2) dialog: (seriously)
19) 7) dialog: (sourly)
19) 19) dialog: The potato he TRUSTS... it's you he  doesn't trust! All the men laugh, including the "stout prisoner" who lau the loudest... Keltner hands the stout prisoner the potat who in turn takes same and places it gently on the window sill just adjacent to his bunk... after placing it on the sill, he gestures ala the trapeze artist after making a s truck, looking for applause... Keltner pats his leg in a  gesture of "thank you".  He starts back towards his bunk  when the front door of the barracks flings open and the G enters.
19) 48) text: As the new prisoners make up their bunks and arrange thei belongings, the regulars of Barracks H, among them Adolf, Ludwig, Herman and Franz, begin moving towards them to me them.  Keltner turns to the new white-haired prisoner who bunk is directly next to his.
19) 56) dialog: I don't know why they're sending  them here...  we're overcrowded as  it is.
19) 90) text: Can you cook, sweetheart? Keltner knows damn well he can't fight the brute, yet he  realizes that if he steps down, life not only for him, bu for the others in the barracks will be intolerable under  Galt's bully rule.  (During the following dialogue, Adolf Franz, Ludwig, Herman and the Stout Prisoner... easy up a little closer to Keltner and Galt.)
19) 114) text: The four men:  Ludwig, Adolf, Franz and Herman stay with  Galt, as does the Stout Prisoner... They are clustered ar Galt.
19) 118) dialog: Have it with someone else!
30) 2) dialog: (nudging Adolf)
30) 4) dialog: (to himself, but for  Adolf to hear as  well; a la  Shakespeare, mimicking  Helmut)
30) 38) dialog: Don't waste your time.  You'll never  get the Great Doork to do anything.
30) 43) dialog: He's right, we've been asking him  for three years...  I have a feeling  he only does his little routines for  the crowned heads of Europe.
30) 59) dialog: (to all the men)
33) 0) text: The prisoners are pouring out of the barracks doorway.  G and Uhlmann are already standing outside as Helmut, Keltn Herman, Adolf, Franz, Ludwig, Stout Prisoner, New Prisone join them.  All look o.s. momentarily speechless at what  they see.
33) 52) dialog: (venomously)
33) 59) dialog: (interrupting)
33) 80) dialog: He'd do his tricks fast enough if  his guard pal asked him.  Wouldn't  you, Doork? As the mention of the word "guard" the mood of the men tu ugly.
40) 84) text: Helmut watches the guard go, then, dejectedly, shuffles t his barrack.  As he nears it, Keltner, Franz, Adolf, Herm Ludwig, and the other regulars intercept him.
40) 91) dialog: Because they're Jews?
45) 1) dialog: as he storms into a clutch of players, including Galt, al kicking at the "ball".
45) 2) dialog: (low to Galt)
45) 6) dialog: (evenly)
45) 19) text: Kick it, Ludwig.  Kick it! The prisoner next to him gives him a sidelong glance and  nods almost imperceptibly.  Quickly, Helmut ducks behind line.