14) 12) text: Now tell me, is this brief correct?   Is that prisoner, the drunk, the one  that impersonated the Fuehrer?
14) 33) text: You are now a prisoner of the State  and that's not funny... Can you make  something funny out of that, Clown? Helmut sinks even lower in the over-stuffed chair, despai in his eyes and a weight on his heart... the truth slashi at his very being.
19) 48) text: As the new prisoners make up their bunks and arrange thei belongings, the regulars of Barracks H, among them Adolf, Ludwig, Herman and Franz, begin moving towards them to me them.  Keltner turns to the new white-haired prisoner who bunk is directly next to his.
19) 62) text: SHOOTING OVER the men onto the door, entering is the same guard that was just there... this time he enters with two more prisoners carrying their bunks.  One of them is JOSE GALT, a burly bully like man, who knows all the tricks of survival, and ERNST UHLMANN, a think little man with a fa like a weasel... they follow the Guard into the barracks  proper.
19) 70) text: Uhlmann in his surveying the barracks spots the potato pl on the window sill... next to the Stout Prisoner's bunk.. he jumps from his bunk and runs over towards the plant... takes it from the window sill and yells over to Galt...
19) 90) text: Can you cook, sweetheart? Keltner knows damn well he can't fight the brute, yet he  realizes that if he steps down, life not only for him, bu for the others in the barracks will be intolerable under  Galt's bully rule.  (During the following dialogue, Adolf Franz, Ludwig, Herman and the Stout Prisoner... easy up a little closer to Keltner and Galt.)
19) 114) text: The four men:  Ludwig, Adolf, Franz and Herman stay with  Galt, as does the Stout Prisoner... They are clustered ar Galt.
20) 0) text: The door to Barracks H slowly opens and Helmut peeks thro the opening to see that all is clear... he slips out and  walks along the dark, dreary alleyway towards the Guard's shack... he moves like a prisoner trying to miss the  spotlights in a jail break...
30) 22) text: What's going on with those guys? He's looking off down the aisle where Uhlmann has his  audience... The four prisoners move out into the aisle to get a better look, leaving Helmut perched on his bunk wit pleading and broken look of despair...
30) 24) text: Did you know "clowns" literally  bequeath their faces to their sons,  or sometimes to... He realizes it's futile as the four new prisoners move to Uhlmann and the others down the aisle...
30) 25) dialog: Come on, let's see what's such fun... He moves and the others move along with him.  Helmut thin about joining them, and starts to move off his bunk but h body won't respond... he just hangs there limply... his h lowered, a sad man.
30) 26) text: SHOOTING OVER the men placing Helmut in the very deep  b. as we see the four new prisoners walk over to watch the  action...
30) 52) text: I'd like to do something... but... (pointing to the 2nd  New Prisoner)
33) 0) text: The prisoners are pouring out of the barracks doorway.  G and Uhlmann are already standing outside as Helmut, Keltn Herman, Adolf, Franz, Ludwig, Stout Prisoner, New Prisone join them.  All look o.s. momentarily speechless at what  they see.
33) 5) dialog: Women!
33) 12) text: SHOOTING ACROSS the prisoners in f.g. toward the new fenc Guards move among the men, herding them into lines.  On t other side of the fence, we can see the new arrivals lini up, being prodded into place by Guards.
33) 15) text: SHOOTING THROUGH the booted, outspread legs of a soldier  guard in f.g. toward the line of prisoners behind him.  O woman holds a child of about three who cries inconsolably
33) 20) text: Jews! Prisoners nearest to Galt eye him questioningly.
33) 29) text: SHOOTING PAST the line of prisoners in f.g. to the Guard, who has paused to let his words sink in.
33) 32) text: Is that clear? The prisoners are silent but their faces register their  resentment.
34) 0) text: The last barracks on the open end of the camp on the poli prisoners' side.  Outside the building is a low counter  arrangement with two prisoners behind it serving mush and black bread to a long line of men, all of whom carry bowl and spoons. This time in mid-July, three weeks after the incident at fence.  The day is bright and hot.  Our ANGLE FAVORS Helm as he nears the prisoner who is serving up the mush.
34) 4) dialog: It's my stomach that's sensitive.
34) 5) dialog: (looking o.s., smiles)
34) 6) text: Here comes your second helping. As Helmut's feet walk into FRAME and stop next to the Big Prisoner, we see the reason for his peculiar walk.  He is wearing a pair of enormous shoes, many sizes too large fo him and cut open along the soles from the toes to the ins so that they flap as he moves along.
34) 7) text: as Helmut joins them and holds out his bowl of bread and  mush to the Big Prisoner.
34) 9) dialog: How're the shoes?
34) 12) dialog: (irked)
34) 13) text: Hey, Doork! Helmut stops and turns as the Big Prisoner shoves himself away from the hut and goes to him, staring down at the sh
34) 14) dialog: My shoes! The Big Prisoner reaches out with the large toe of one ba foot and lifts up the flapping toe of one of Helmut's sho He lets it drop again.
34) 15) dialog: I said you could use 'em, not ruin  'em.
34) 17) dialog: Yeah.  But will I feel like laughing  when it gets cold!
34) 19) dialog: Worry!  I'm the one who'll get frost  bitten toes, not you.
34) 21) dialog: For what you've done to my shoes I  should get more food.
34) 22) dialog: He's got to have something to eat. The Big Prisoner looks at him questioningly.
34) 23) dialog: (continuing)
34) 24) text: If he gives you his other meal...   he'll starve to death.  Then you  won't get anything. This reasoning makes sense to the Big Prisoner.
34) 25) dialog: (to Helmut)
34) 29) dialog: The Big Prisoner looks at Helmut, then at the piece of br Helmut had given him.  His manner is self-conscious.  He  tosses the piece of bread to Helmut.
35) 18) text: As he comes flapping up, still munching on the piece of b given to him by the Big Prisoner.  Keltner holds out the  chalk to him.
40) 19) text: I'm aware of that.  This order covers  only the adult prisoners over fifteen.   We won't have to wet nurse the  children for long.  Other plans are  being made for... Again he is interrupted by the laughter o.s.
45) 19) text: Kick it, Ludwig.  Kick it! The prisoner next to him gives him a sidelong glance and  nods almost imperceptibly.  Quickly, Helmut ducks behind line.
45) 55) text: SHOOTING PAST Helmut in f.g. toward the guard, SS men, an soldiers, who have come through the line of spectators an stand glowering at him.  The prisoners have moved back, w watching for the next move.