19) 62) text: SHOOTING OVER the men onto the door, entering is the same guard that was just there... this time he enters with two more prisoners carrying their bunks.  One of them is JOSE GALT, a burly bully like man, who knows all the tricks of survival, and ERNST UHLMANN, a think little man with a fa like a weasel... they follow the Guard into the barracks  proper.
19) 66) dialog: If I get pneumonia, I'll hold the  government responsible!
19) 68) dialog: (sitting on his bunk)
19) 70) text: Uhlmann in his surveying the barracks spots the potato pl on the window sill... next to the Stout Prisoner's bunk.. he jumps from his bunk and runs over towards the plant... takes it from the window sill and yells over to Galt...
19) 71) dialog: Hey, Galt!  Come over and look at  this!
19) 74) dialog: Ain't it cute?
19) 76) dialog: Looks kinda sick, doesn't it?
19) 79) dialog: Maybe we should put it out of its  misery.
19) 87) text: What do you think of that, Uhlmann...  he knits!
19) 88) dialog: Now, if he could just cook... Galt and Uhlmann laugh, but they are the only ones that d
19) 125) dialog: That was close...
19) 127) dialog: I make love, not war! (goes giggly over  what he just said)
30) 0) text: Most of the men are clustered around their bunks, and in dull light we see some of them in the aisles, talking, pl cards... while most of the others are whistling, clapping and laughing as Uhlmann does his silly little clog dance. it is apparent the ugly episode between Galt and Uhlmann been forgotten for the moment. The lights are hung from cords down off the ceiling and f a complex this size it could use ten... there are but two Uhlmann is having the time of his ignorant life... the mo the men applaud, the more he "clog dances".
30) 3) text: It looks like Helmut found some new  ears to listen to his Super Star  fantasies... Adolf takes a look, shrugs his shoulder, as if to say I  couldn't care less... and goes on watching the action of  Uhlmann and the other men...
30) 22) text: What's going on with those guys? He's looking off down the aisle where Uhlmann has his  audience... The four prisoners move out into the aisle to get a better look, leaving Helmut perched on his bunk wit pleading and broken look of despair...
30) 24) text: Did you know "clowns" literally  bequeath their faces to their sons,  or sometimes to... He realizes it's futile as the four new prisoners move to Uhlmann and the others down the aisle...
30) 28) dialog: Hey, Galt, it's your turn, how about  doin' one of your belly dances for  us? All the men agree and start yelling for Galt to do it...  Galt moves out into the center of the aisle in the cleari made by the men, and holds up his hands for silence... th quiet down and Galt looks around until he spots Keltner.
30) 77) dialog: (to the men)
30) 78) text: Right!  If a Reverend can give us a  laugh, why not a clown? All the men ad lib their agreement with what Uhlmann just said; it appears that they are all on Galt's side, and Ke knows it.
31) 0) text: Uhlmann is looking out into the yard.  He motions to some to "take a look at this".
32) 0) text: Galt has just arrived at the window where Uhlmann is stan
32) 1) dialog: They've put up barbed wire!
33) 0) text: The prisoners are pouring out of the barracks doorway.  G and Uhlmann are already standing outside as Helmut, Keltn Herman, Adolf, Franz, Ludwig, Stout Prisoner, New Prisone join them.  All look o.s. momentarily speechless at what  they see.
33) 62) dialog: The Reverend did a turn.  What's so  special about him? The men voice agreement... Helmut should have performed. Helmut starts to go around one end of the semi-circle but the men bar his way.
33) 64) dialog: We're not starting anything, we're  finishing something.
33) 97) dialog: He's no clown.  Not even a bad one.
33) 100) text: Give me a chance.  I just got started. But the men continue to walk away.  Helmut tries to do a  hand stand, but his hands slip in the mud, and he lands  ignominously on all fours.  When he looks up, only Adolf, Galt and Uhlmann remain.
35) 37) text: SHOOTING PAST Helmut and group and in f.g. toward the mai yard, where we see Galt and Uhlmann approaching.  During ensuing dialogue, Galt spots Helmut, nudges Uhlmann and  together they come toward him.
35) 51) dialog: (cutting in)
35) 55) dialog: A bunch of them got picked up with  papers we'd sold them.   And what'd  they do?  Turn us in, they did.  The  ungrateful...
35) 59) dialog: What's so terrible about what we  did?  Lot of them got out of the  country with our papers.  They were  damn good counterfeits. Keltner, without a word, turns and goes off after Helmut.