5) 24) dialog: She's out at the beach house at  Stinson.  Seadrift.  1402.
5) 27) dialog: You're wasting your time. Catherine  didn't kill him.
6) 2) text: She takes a long look a Nick, then looks away. CATHERINE TRAMELL is 30 years old.  She has long blonde h and a refined, classically beautiful face.  She is not kn gorgeous like Roxy; there is a smoky kind of sensuousness her.
37) 48) text: He is twisting her arm, staring at her, pulling her again him.  We hear the DOOR behind them.  A beat, and he lets go, turns away from her. Roxy stands there, staring at them.  Her hair is up.  She a black motorcycle jacket, a black T-shirt, and black jea and cowboy boots.
37) 50) text: Roxy looks at Nick.  Catherine goes to her, kisses her br on the lips, stands there with her arm around her --both them looking at Nick. He walks by them, opens the door to go, his face a mask.
54) 0) text: It is dark, cavernous there are a thousand people in here The MUSIC is ear-splitting, pulsing.  Lights flash. The floor is huge.  At one time, this club was a church. He walks around the sides, a drink in his hand, looking f her.  He doesn't see her. The he catches a glimpse of Roxy.  She is dancing with an woman.  He watches her.  She is wearing pants and a jacke her hair off to the side.  She looks very masculine tonig Roxy laughs at the other woman, leaves her on the floor, moving through the sea of dancers.  He follows her throug press of bodies.  She goes towards the men's room.  She w in.
55) 0) text: It is large, dark, shadowy It was once the sacristy. A crowd scene men and women. Roxy presses through them. A haze of crack smoke; we see people doing poppers. She opens the door to a toilet stall, walks in.  Nick is her.  As the door opens, he sees Catherine. She wears a black motorcycle jacket, a very short skirt,  stiletto heels.  Her hair is up.  He make-up is severe, the darkness, in the shadows she looks about 19.  A hot 1 A hot flash-trash 19. She is in there with two men -- one of them is a big, bod built black guy.  She has a vial of something near her fa She sees Nick watching her.  She whispers something to th tall black guy.  He looks at Nick, smiles a condescending The door to the stall closes
56) 0) text: He is walking along the side, watching the floor, a drink his hand.  The song ends and it seques right into the Sto "Miss You." He sees her.  Her black leather jacket is off. She wears a very tight, flimsy top, the short skirt, the She is dancing with Roxy and the black guy.  He watches h move... watches her body. She turns, sees him, dances, watches him... gets between and the black guy... they sandwich her with their bodies. keeps moving, turning... eyes on him... playing to him wi her body.  He watches. A long beat, and he goes up to them.  His movements are almost trance-like.  They look at each other.  A long bea Catherine stops dancing.  he reaches for her.  She moves A beat their eyes are on each other.  She moves a step to her.  A beat, as they look at each other...  and they sta move together. Their eyes are on each other as they move, the eyes burni the movements tighter, hotter... and he suddenly grabs he kisses her... as they keep moving... the song seques into Stones's "Gimme Shelter." She is melting into him now, kissing him... Tex watches,  expressionless... the black guy is gone... he holds her b back of the neck, kissing her... their bodies pressed int each other... his hands are on her butt now, pulling her him now, almost holding her up now... and then under her under her panties... as he kisses her neck. People around them stare... he moves his hands under her as she keeps moving with the song, her head back, her bac almost arching... cups her breasts now... she keeps movin the song sweeping them into its rhythm "it's just a shot it's just a kiss away, a kiss away..." They devour each other.  Right there on the floor.  Barel able to hold it back.  As Tex watches expressionless.  As stop dancing and stare.
62) 1) dialog: (quietly) If you don't leave her alone, I'll  kill you.
62) 6) dialog: (after a beat, looks  at him) She likes me to watch.
65) 0) text: A cold and foggy day.  He gets out of his old Porsche, wa down the driveway.  He sees her out on the beach by the w A small bonfire is near her.  He walks towards her. Roxy watches him, expressionless, from an upstairs window the house.  He doesn't see her. He walks up to Catherine.  She has an Indian blanket over and is wearing a black felt English derby hat, her hair l underneath.
84) 0) text: The Ferrari has landed right-side up. He runs down the hillside and gets to it.  A beat, and he the car door. Roxy lies hunched over the wheel, her eyes open.  Her nec broken.  She is dead.
85) 16) text: They stare at him.  He watches as Roxy's body is taken aw
98) 0) text: In CLOSEUP: We see a large, glossy photograph of Roxy. She looks about thirteen.  She has braces in her teeth. Nick is looking at the photo -- it is in a file in his ha He sits there with Gus in front of a woman juvenile offic He turns the file and we see a glossy of a little boy in pool of blood. Nick looks up at the woman.
129) 6) text: Lt. Walker goes into the kitchen.  Nick follows him. There are several cops around a kitchen cabinet.  A drawe open. Walker looks -- we look with him.  We see a copy of Love Catherine's paperback book, and a stack of photos of Cath Walker picks the photos up, goes through them -- we see s of Catherine in college -- Catherine at a fight --Catheri with Johnny Boz -- Catherine with Roxy. He hands the photos to Nick. Nick stares at them.