6) 1) text: Logan's hand. A claw involuntarily emerges. A VICE GRIP comes into frame and quickly grabs it, guidin to a voce and clamping it there. Beast turns the crank wi all his strength to hold the claw fast.
8) 2) dialog: For strength. It's good for you. Logan takes the tray from him and feeds himself. Beast ta a place next to Jean.
8) 23) dialog: You've suffered serious internal damage - even with your ability to heal -
9) 0) text: Beast watched Logan finish eating through a tiny window o the door to his room. Xavier and Jean talk in a whisper, out of earshot.
13) 0) text: The usual racket made by a hundred school kids at lunch t Logan can make out Cyclops, Storm, Beast and Jean among t kids eating here.
51) 5) dialog: It seemed best if we just -
51) 9) dialog: I hardly think that's fair.
57) 0) text: Back at the mansion, Xavier is watching Logan go through light routine in the Danger Room with Beast at the contro Suddenly, Xavier touches his throat, then raises a shakin hand to his head.
57) 2) dialog: What is it?
65) 0) text: Jean and Beast are here, working on something or other. T hear the racket and look at one another. Finally, Beast leaves the room to go look. 71.
66) 6) dialog: You know. I consider myself to be a reasonable guy.
66) 8) dialog: I like to think sometimes I am actually too forgiving. When you grow up looking like a frosty blue, sable-covered Volkswagen, you learn to understand where people's anger comes from. Logan can see Beast is getting angrier just talking. The claws extend reluctantly. Logan will kill him if he has t
66) 9) dialog: But you, man..? Well... I have simply had enough. Logan FLASHES BIS CLAWS, CUTTING THE WALL AWAY BEHIND BIN hole just big enough for him to wriggle through. Beast lunges, but he is too late. Be reaches in, but cann quite get to Logan.
66) 12) dialog: I'd rather not.
66) 14) dialog: Just.... come... here...
66) 16) dialog: What?
68) 2) dialog: Jean.
72) 0) text: Logan comes to the open door to see Beast in the center o the room with Magneto by the throat, his giant blue hand making it look no thicker than a man's wrist. But Magneto, for a man in such a predicament, seems frightfully calm. Beast, on the other hand, looks terrified. Then Logan see why. Jean Grey is on the other side of the room, still unconscious. Hovering over her are the X-ray and the examination table and both are encrusted with every horri sharp metal object in the room. Stale mate. If Beast squeezes, Jean is gone.
72) 7) dialog: 
72) 12) dialog: Why are you doing this?
72) 26) dialog: Let me think. Just hold on.
72) 28) dialog: I can''t do -
72) 30) dialog: 
72) 34) dialog: I have to.
72) 40) dialog: You have to admit, it would have been a great way to go.
74) 0) text: Xavier and the others come in through the wreckage that i the house. All of the students are on the front lawn, waiting quietl Beast and Jean come worn and tattered out to greet them. Everyone looks at each other, defeated.
74) 6) dialog: He gave himself up for her, Scott. Whatever you may think of him, you owe him that.
77) 4) dialog: I have to say that could be - Rogue comes bursting out of the bathroom, her face twiste horror.
79) 0) text: Jean Grey takes samples of Kelly's plasma, while Beast pr him here and there. Rogue/ Storm and Cyclops stand watchi in horror. Xavier tries to see the face of his adversary this blob of gelatin.
81) 1) dialog: What is it?
83) 10) dialog: Be might be better off. All eyes to Beast.
83) 11) dialog: Be seems to be adapting to his environment literally from room to room, like a salamander changes color. Kelly is, or at least recently was, a perfect organism. The mutant of all mutants.
83) 13) dialog: Certainly not Magneto's design. Kelly's metabolism, heart rate, respiratory - even the cell production - all are working at an exponential rate.
83) 15) dialog: I couldn't say.
83) 17) dialog: Tungsten. All of them listen. Rogue with especially deep interest,
83) 19) dialog: Tungsten. The filament in a lightbulb. Jean nods, understanding. 86.
83) 21) dialog: (To Xavier) You described a brilliant source of light radiating from a fork at the bottom of this... machine. A light 1iXe none you had ever seen. Xavier nods.
83) 22) dialog: Adamantium. Adamantium is what makes this thing work. It makes perfect sense. They all look at one another.
116) 0) text: Beast walks out of the statue base, carrying a motionless Logan. Storm and Jean flank Rogue, having wrapped in her storm's cloak, each with an arm around her. Cyclops brings up the rear. They walks toward the seawall where their boat is waiting. But then, Cyclops stops. Be looks back. Then up at the st and its arm, finally focusing on its torch, where the dev is held. With as much effort as it would take a "normal* human to light a Cigarette, HE FIRES A BEAM OF ENERGY FROM HIS EYE