10) 5) dialog: Did they sew it back on right?
13) 0) text: The usual racket made by a hundred school kids at lunch t Logan can make out Cyclops, Storm, Beast and Jean among t kids eating here.
13) 2) text: Some of these children have potentially dangerous abilities. Logan is looking across the room at Jean and Cyclops, 37. waiting on line for food. They laugh at some joke and then kiss tenderly. The look on his face betrays a loneliness, jealousy not of Cyclops, but of them both.
14) 0) text: A large, gym-like structure used for TRAINING. (*Note: this is not your typical "firing range." It's a r designed for people with mutations ranging the entire spectrum. It is colorful, strangely shaoed, full of objec the likes of which we've never seen.) Outside is a CONTROL ROOM where Jean Grey sits manipulati the various exercises of the DANGER ROOM from a control panel. CYCLOPS is inside, working on controlling the laser-like that emerges from behind his visor. He fires at various O SHAPED OBJECTS that dart across the room. He wears specially-made padding: training gear that resem well-worn versions of what we'll later come to know as th trademark uniforms. Logan watches Cyclops a thick PLEXIGLAS WINDOW which divi the room from the control room. Logan and Xavier enter, watching the exercise. 39.
14) 5) dialog: Nice hair. Jean laughs.
14) 6) dialog: (re: Danger Room) Wanna give it a shot?
14) 9) dialog: You might want to - Logan shakes his head and enters the danger room. 40.
16) 0) text: Cyclops and Xavier watch from behind the thick Plexiglas. Jean hits a lever on the control panel. The first object SHOOTS out of the wall.
18) 0) text: The shape smashes hard but harmlessly into the Plexiglas window. no one in the booth is fazed. Jean takes the lever up another notch. Cyclops smiles. Xa remains concerned.
21) 0) text: Cyclops leans into the mic that is connected to the P.A. the Danger room. 41.
21) 1) dialog: You really might want to wear some gear. Logan turns to face him, holding up his hand as his claws retract, we cannot help but notice that the middle claw lingers in a familiar sign of defiance. Cyclops leans in and whispers to Jean. She pushes the lev little higher.
23) 0) text: Xavier is watching this with growing interest, seeing something new in Logan's features. Another object comes at him and he destroys it, but now w a venom. No longer playing. Cyclops leans forward and hits the lever, driving it to i highest level. Jean shoots him a look. Now, suddenly -- The FLOOR FALLS OUT BELOW LOGAN... and HE DROPS THROUGH. a powerful STREAM OF AIR shoots up through the opening... and... ...Logan rises back up into the room, off balance, in the continuous flood of air. He ducks and rolls, swinging wil as he tries to maintain a kind of equilibrium in the air more fireballs shoot toward him — He deflects one, but other ignites his clothes.
24) 0) text: Cyclops smiles. Hot shot ain't so hot after all. But something is wrong — Jean senses it — she leans c the Piexiglas, concerned — 42. Logan starts to breathe heavily as he swings wildly, out control in frustration. The hair on his body stands on en
26) 0) text: Xavier, horrified, yanks the lever down — OFF. He hits more buttons. The floor closes. Extinguishers from the ceiling shower d and extinguishes Logan's burning clothes. Logan hits the floor. But he's still moving. Xavier shoot adnonishing look at Cyclops.
28) 3) dialog: 
41) 0) text: Logan sits in sweats now, much like the ones Cyclops and rest wear after the danger room. He hangs his head sullen as Xavier speaks.
51) 7) dialog: Hey, tough guy, stay out of it, okay? You've got one day in this place. In the booth, Xavier shuts his eyes, concentrating.
55) 0) text: Cyclops looks up and sees Rogue sitting with Storm, looki over at something. He turns in time to see that The other Storm is being CHO BY SABERTOOTH, her feet not touching the ground. He tries to get a shot with his visor, but too many peopl are in his way.
58) 0) text: Cyclops has a clear shot now. His eyes start to glow brightly. Suddenly, a familiar movement on the pedestal behind him. Toad has been camouflaged the entire time. He comes down licks HIS LIZARD-LIKE TONGUE, snatching the visor from Cyclops' face.
59) 0) text: Cyclops runs helpless, trying to cover his eyes. Small streams of light shoot through his fingers, sprinkling da wherever they go. He heads right for a woman and he can hear her screaming, frozen in his path.
59) 1) dialog: 
62) 0) text: Cyclops stumbles blind and helpless, covering his eyes. A hand comes into frame, tapping him with his visor. He takes it and puts it on. Looking up to see a guilt- stricken Rogue. Sprinklers fire and shower down all over the mall to the sound of many alarms.
63) 0) text: Xavier fights the rush of traffic - people fleeing madly the mall. As he pulls up to the front doors, he sees Cyclops emergi carrying Storm's unconscious body. They are followed by Rogue.
74) 3) dialog: Sounds like a matter of wait and see, now.
74) 5) dialog: Seems to me that works out for everyone.
77) 1) dialog: I am not trying to be callous, but let's look at it rationally. For all we know, Logan and Magneto were together at some point.
77) 3) dialog: Just here me out. We don't know who this guy is, where he comes from. What if he is some experiment of Magneto's. Something that got away. What if he isn't supposed to be out in the world.
79) 0) text: Jean Grey takes samples of Kelly's plasma, while Beast pr him here and there. Rogue/ Storm and Cyclops stand watchi in horror. Xavier tries to see the face of his adversary this blob of gelatin.
83) 1) dialog: A long cylinder you said. A warhead of some kind?
83) 12) dialog: So maybe this machine is what made Logan
83) 16) dialog: Then what does Magneto want with Logan? Beast's eyes light up with a revelation.
83) 18) dialog: What?
83) 25) dialog: But what would Magneto - A TERRIBLE SOUND FROM THE NEXT ROOM. As close to a scream the thing can make.
84) 8) dialog: He could be anywhere in -
84) 10) dialog: And take us out in the process. Even if we could find him, we -
84) 12) dialog: What?
84) 14) dialog: That's ridiculous.
84) 17) dialog: Dammit, Jean, this is not about some petty jealousy, this is -
85) 8) dialog: I'm sorry.
85) 10) dialog: No... No... I hate him. It's not rational, not fair - hardly even justified. But when I see the two of you -
85) 12) dialog: That isn't it.
85) 14) dialog: The way you looked in his eyes.
85) 17) dialog: For all of his pain, all of his rage. I would trade places with him in an instant if it meant I could look in your eyes and you in mine. Tears come to Jean's eyes, making her all the more self- aware. Beast comes out of the X-Jet, waving to them. They shake off the moment and follow Storm up the ramp. From where she stands, Rogue debates, and then follows, dashing inside as the hatch to the X-Jet closes. LIFT-OFF. The jet turns and clears the hangar before blas off into the night sky. Xavier is all alone now. He looks down at his wheelchair thumps the heel of his fist on the armrest in frustration Finally, he turns around and wheels himself back inside, swallowed up by the shadows of the hangar.
116) 0) text: Beast walks out of the statue base, carrying a motionless Logan. Storm and Jean flank Rogue, having wrapped in her storm's cloak, each with an arm around her. Cyclops brings up the rear. They walks toward the seawall where their boat is waiting. But then, Cyclops stops. Be looks back. Then up at the st and its arm, finally focusing on its torch, where the dev is held. With as much effort as it would take a "normal* human to light a Cigarette, HE FIRES A BEAM OF ENERGY FROM HIS EYE
118) 5) dialog: Well... I have to say... You look pretty cool. It is a uniform not too unlike the one he was wearing, no too unlike the others. But his seems to be more severe, m menacing, indeed more of an expression of the Logan we ha come to know. His new gloves are complete with specially designed, reinforced holes to allow the claws to extend a retract, which they do even now the way one might stretch one's fingers before playing the piano. All in all, it is a uniform, but it in no way obscures th individual They all move closer, smiling, almost laughing. Logan loo at them a little awkwardly.