4) 4) text: An anomaly, to say the least. A man whose features are so much like an animal, one would think he had animal in his blood. His hair is course and black, sprouting wildly fro his head. He is LOGAN. We will come to know him well. As as we can. Then to the thing following him. So much like an animal himself, he makes Logan look perfectly human. Larger, fiercer, somehow inherently more savage. This is called SABERTOOTH. The reasons are obvious'. Teeth like said animal and clawed fingers to match. Mutants of course. Two who must certainly be members of a class "remote in the extreme."
5) 0) text: Logan hits a slope at full speed, making it most of the w proper before sliding the last of it on his heels. At the bottom, he comes to an awkward skid on the frozen of ice that is a lake at other times of year. He makes an agile footed run across the ice, but adjustin has closed the gap. SABERTOOTH LEAPS and leaps far, overtaking Logan and land on his back. FEROCIOUS TEETH SINK DEEP INTO LOGAN'S SHOULDER. A scream fills the wilderness for miles. Blood flows. Sabertooth, in a bloodlusting rage, slams Logan down only smash a whole in the ice with his prey. 15. Logan clamors free and dives under, caught instantly by t current and swept away.
5) 5) text: Logan's right hand. His skin ripples and pulsates, trembl from cold... or perhaps something else. SUDDENLY, three steely claws, some nine inches long, spri from the very flesh just above the knuckles. A stunned pause as both he and Sabertooth look down at th menacing rake. Then Logan drives it home, sinking up to his hand into Sabertooth's side. A HOWL unlike anything ever heard and Sabertooth throws L away from him, the claws tearing across his ribs as he do so. 16. Logan flies several yards before hitting the ice and slid several dozen more. Be is stopped by his head as it hits rock on the far shore. Sabertooth skulks over to him, taking a hand away from th gash on his side in time to watch the fatal-looking wound heal as quickly as the sealing of a Ziplock bag. With the sound of Sabertooth's breathing comes the rising the wind... Snow from the ground begins to swirl in the bitter cold a Sabertooth is nearly upon Logan now and the wind rises further, until he must shield his eyes from the bitter, i As he approaches, we see the fresh claw marks on Logan's healing before our very eyes, leaving not so much as a scratch.
5) 14) dialog: Am I dead?
5) 16) dialog: Well, there's always tomorrow. Jean and Xavier glance at one another.
5) 17) dialog: Who... who are you? Xavier holds up a set of dog tags on a chain.
5) 19) dialog: Mine. (Looks at Beast, realizing) What are you? Beast takes no offense. Be simply grunts and smiles, Xavi looks at the dog tags, puzzled.
5) 20) dialog: Where am I? 19.
6) 1) text: Logan's hand. A claw involuntarily emerges. A VICE GRIP comes into frame and quickly grabs it, guidin to a voce and clamping it there. Beast turns the crank wi all his strength to hold the claw fast.
7) 1) text: The dog tags. Nothing odd about them at a glance. Military dog tags, weathered and beaten, but certainly plain. Canadian Military, Logan's name, rank and serial, number. odd thing is the date of birth. 12/4/-- No year. His thumb feels the indentation of the word at the bottom the tag that does not seem to fit here. WOLVERINE. Jean knocks on a door before entering. 21. Xavier looks up from behind his desk and waits.
8) 0) text: Logan, looking better, sitting up. Xavier sitting beside bed. Jean Grey at the floor, looking at his chart.
8) 3) dialog: Go on.
8) 7) dialog: Excuse me?
8) 9) dialog: Well I'm sure Babe the Blue Oaf here can make a mean strudel, what can the betty Logan freezes as all of the vegetables on his plate levit and hover in the air above him.
8) 11) dialog: Gotcha. The vegetables settle carefully back in place and he continues eating.
8) 13) dialog: I don't know.
8) 15) dialog: 1 don't know.
8) 17) dialog: I don' t know.
8) 19) dialog: I DON'T KNOW, who are you people? Where am I? What is this place and why am I here? Xavier wisely decides to ease up.
8) 21) dialog: To leave?
8) 25) dialog: Hey, you know what? I have a great idea. I don't need any of my questions answered and you get me some pants.
9) 0) text: Beast watched Logan finish eating through a tiny window o the door to his room. Xavier and Jean talk in a whisper, out of earshot.
9) 4) dialog: I haven't seen anything but the ceiling in this place and I've never heard of "Magneto." Don't any of you guys have names like Bob? The two of them look at one another, amazed that he could have heard them from that distance through that wall. Xavier whispers.
9) 6) dialog: Delighted. Now can I please have some pants? Xavier looks at Jean and Beast - this time we hear his vo but his lips never move. He is speaking telepathically.
9) 8) dialog: And I am a boxer guy, if anyone is asking.
10) 0) text: Logan is clearly uncomfortably, antsy, ready to leave. He looks around at what seems to be a prep school, set ina large pre-war mansion on a large and well kept estate. A soccer game is going on in the background.
10) 1) text: The sidelines of said soccer game. 29. A young girl sits all alone at the edge of the field. Her eyes are deep and sad and her general attitude is not muc better. She is not watching the game, however. Her name is ROGUE, and we will meet her later. She wears outfit that seems to swath her entire body like a cocoon thick layers despite the warm weather. Her neck and even hands are covered. All but her face. From wear she sits, she watches Logan and Xavier with gre interest. Finally she stands and walks toward them.
10) 2) dialog: So all these kids are...
10) 7) dialog: I'm gonna guess they call you.... Snow Job and you're.... Pink eye. They both look blankly at Xavier.
10) 9) dialog: Bow did they find me, anyway?
10) 11) dialog: Impossible. I would have known. Xavier taps a finger to his temple.
10) 13) dialog: Why then? What for?
10) 16) dialog: The Uncanny Guava-man and his sidekick Flipper Boy? Xavier smiles politely. He is far to wise to take offense PAUSE.
10) 18) dialog: Once or twice. Now they head down a path along the side of the school li with shade trees. It is quiet here.
10) 20) dialog: Is this where I tell you you wouldn't like me when I am angry?
10) 22) dialog: I've heard that before.
10) 24) dialog: I have no doubt. And I appreciate what you did for me. But I get the feeling that the favor wasn't free and I can tell you right now, I didn't ask, so don't ask back.
10) 26) dialog: Sure you do. You want to know why that thing was chasing me.
10) 28) dialog: Imagine that.
10) 30) dialog: Too many times. 32.
10) 32) dialog: He's nearly had me before.
10) 34) dialog: What difference does it make. I have it coming.
10) 36) dialog: Nothing.
10) 38) dialog: When can I leave?
10) 40) dialog: Now, would be great.
10) 42) dialog: You got a lot of nerve, pal, picking around my insides, spooking up my tailpipe with your... voodoo whatever. I didn/.t ask for your help. I got no one, don't want no one, not gonna have no one and was happy being no one. (MORE)
10) 44) dialog: I was two thousand miles from the heart of nowhere and next thing I know I wake up in the Uncle Fester school for the creepy with a cue ball brain cropper telling me about my pain. My pain. My head is ay wallet, pal. Keep your hands off. Be walks away again, coming back faster this time.
10) 45) dialog: This is grotesque what you're doing, you know that? You really think you're helping these kids? There is a real world out there filled with people just waiting for an enemy to make a "them* for them to "us" about. What happens when these kids get out there? How do you prepare them then? Tney'1l all come back running to you, man. They'll run screaming. He is off again. Xavier has not moved this entire time. L returns, walking slow, energy gone. Be is holding his sid agony. Bis breathing is heavy.
10) 46) dialog: That thing tore up my insides.
10) 48) dialog: Sounds good. Xavier leads the way. Before he follows, Logan looks down path of trees.
10) 49) dialog: You can come out now. And he is gone. LONG PAUSE. From behind one of the trees, Rogue emerges, clearly galvanized by what Logan was saying.
13) 0) text: The usual racket made by a hundred school kids at lunch t Logan can make out Cyclops, Storm, Beast and Jean among t kids eating here.
13) 2) text: Some of these children have potentially dangerous abilities. Logan is looking across the room at Jean and Cyclops, 37. waiting on line for food. They laugh at some joke and then kiss tenderly. The look on his face betrays a loneliness, jealousy not of Cyclops, but of them both.
13) 4) dialog: You don't have to tell me. He shakes himself free of the loving couple and looks finding Rogue eating alone, away from all the others. jreals a glance at him and hides her face.
13) 7) dialog: He'll come here... that thing... looking for me.
13) 9) dialog: Hey, I'm sorry, pops. I don't mean to be the hammer here, but look at you. You're an old man in a wheelchair. What could you do to that thing that I - 38. SILENCE. The room with all of its eating, chatting children has fa completely quiet. Logan looks around the room and sees that literally every child is frozen in time. Some with food half-chewed in th open mouths, others with laughs frozen on their faces. It is motionless. Except for Storm, Cyclops, Beast and Jean and Rogue. They turn around and look at Logan and Xavier as if this displ of mental power is nothing unusual. Logan looks down at Xavier now, who holds a finger in the as if making a point. He is.
14) 0) text: A large, gym-like structure used for TRAINING. (*Note: this is not your typical "firing range." It's a r designed for people with mutations ranging the entire spectrum. It is colorful, strangely shaoed, full of objec the likes of which we've never seen.) Outside is a CONTROL ROOM where Jean Grey sits manipulati the various exercises of the DANGER ROOM from a control panel. CYCLOPS is inside, working on controlling the laser-like that emerges from behind his visor. He fires at various O SHAPED OBJECTS that dart across the room. He wears specially-made padding: training gear that resem well-worn versions of what we'll later come to know as th trademark uniforms. Logan watches Cyclops a thick PLEXIGLAS WINDOW which divi the room from the control room. Logan and Xavier enter, watching the exercise. 39.
14) 1) dialog: Just a school?
14) 3) dialog: And prepare me for the day I must face a flying shape. Behind them, we notice Rogue in the hallway, watching. Cyclops glances at Logan. Then, an ODDLY-SHAPED OBJECT sh from the back of the room right towards the front... and just as it almost hits Cyclops — he BLASTS IT APART wit laser-like beam which emerges from his visor. The debris falls through a vent on the floor. Cyclops exits the floor and enter the control room.
14) 4) dialog: Nice... eye.
14) 8) dialog: I'd love to. Logan looks at the room. Nods - piece of cake. H* ushers Cyclops aside. Cyclops motions to the rack of UNIFORMS hanging along the wall.
15) 0) text: Logan stands in the center of the room, taking a look aro and getting familiar with his surroundings.
17) 0) text: Logan ducks, bending backwards like a batter from an insi pitch. Logan turns to the control room and smiles.
19) 0) text: A hole in the wall opens. Logan again hears it coming and turns to face it. Another object shoots out at him and he EXTENDS HIS CLAWS SPEARING IT. He turns back to the control room and retracts his claws the object impaled on them. It falls away. Another object fires, claws extend, slicing it in two. Th another, then another. The first is smashed, the second i speared. As yet another object comes at him, he throws th one he has just spiked into the latest flying object and two smash in midair.
22) 0) text: Logan sees this and scowls. Two objects come at him from opposite directions. Be cros his arms and smashes them both. Now an array of multi-shaped and multi-colored objects em from the wall and shoot toward him. Logan jumps over one, smashes the second and/ with a twist and a half-pike, nai the third. Logan's breathing is getting heavier. Not exhausted... an
23) 0) text: Xavier is watching this with growing interest, seeing something new in Logan's features. Another object comes at him and he destroys it, but now w a venom. No longer playing. Cyclops leans forward and hits the lever, driving it to i highest level. Jean shoots him a look. Now, suddenly -- The FLOOR FALLS OUT BELOW LOGAN... and HE DROPS THROUGH. a powerful STREAM OF AIR shoots up through the opening... and... ...Logan rises back up into the room, off balance, in the continuous flood of air. He ducks and rolls, swinging wil as he tries to maintain a kind of equilibrium in the air more fireballs shoot toward him — He deflects one, but other ignites his clothes.
24) 0) text: Cyclops smiles. Hot shot ain't so hot after all. But something is wrong — Jean senses it — she leans c the Piexiglas, concerned — 42. Logan starts to breathe heavily as he swings wildly, out control in frustration. The hair on his body stands on en
26) 0) text: Xavier, horrified, yanks the lever down — OFF. He hits more buttons. The floor closes. Extinguishers from the ceiling shower d and extinguishes Logan's burning clothes. Logan hits the floor. But he's still moving. Xavier shoot adnonishing look at Cyclops.
27) 0) text: Logan furiously lunges around the room. His claws rake along the padded wall, shredding it.
28) 6) dialog: This is not where I am supposed to be.
28) 8) dialog: She said the same thing to me...
28) 10) dialog: It doesn't matter... She's gone - Get away from me. He raises his claws to protect himself.
28) 13) dialog: You should have left me. I could have died then.
38) 0) text: She creaks a door open slowly, letting a shaft of dim lig slice the darkness. She walks in to a figure laying in bed and stands over hi Over Logan. He lays under a single sheet, sweating, his eyes moving quickly this way and that in R.E.M. His hands twitch. Rogue leans in closer, as though trying to see his though PUSH IN ON LOGAN'S EYES AS THEY MOVE UNDER THE LIDS.
39) 0) text: Like none we have seen thus far. In fact, judging by most the instruments here, we are looking at a laboratory some fifty years old. 49. Logan looks down and we can see his body, naked, strapped a tab. A hand puts a mask over his mouth and -
40) 4) dialog: What is... And Before he can for another word, he begins to tremble, then he starts to howl in pain. Rogue SNAPS BACK, mouth open in a gaping, silent scream. sound cozies out does not match the expression at all. Me a gasp, like steam escaping. Through the huge slash in he clothes, we see the wound on her chest slowly vanish. Before long, she transforms back into a healthy young gir with no sign of injury. Then, her breathing starts to accelerate, much in the way Logan's did - too much like Logan's did. It is as if she taken on his trait of berserker rage. Soon she is smashin things all around her. One hand rakes the wallpaper like claws. Finally, she gets a hold of herself, becoming the introve Rogue we all know so well. Then she stands slowly, looks at the others who all look her in shock and surprise. And she runs from the room. 51.
41) 0) text: Logan sits in sweats now, much like the ones Cyclops and rest wear after the danger room. He hangs his head sullen as Xavier speaks.
41) 2) dialog: No.
41) 7) dialog: What happened to me in there?
41) 9) dialog: I am sure a man of your educatio.. has heard of a girl named Pandora.
41) 11) dialog: So what now? You're blaming me for -
41) 13) dialog: I told you I don't want your help -
41) 15) dialog: Sonofabitch.
42) 0) text: Logan walks out into the hall and nearly runs into Rogue. She looks at him shyly and steps back. She is wrapped fre in a thick swath of clothing from head to toe. Only her f is visible. It is a painfully awkward moment. Then:
42) 1) dialog: I uhhh. I don't know how old I am. I know I've been through several wars, should have died in all of them. The first time I saw a gray hair I... I cried because it was the first sign of age I had seen in decades. It's the uncertainty that frightens me. Wondering if some day - any day - will be my last. She nods, understanding. 56.
42) 2) dialog: And uhhh... when you... when you touched me tonight. And a tear springs from Rogue's eye.
42) 3) dialog: When you touched me. I felt for one brief second... the hand of death. And I know it's out there now... I know it can happen to me. She is sobbing silently now, stepping a little further ba
42) 4) dialog: And I just wanted to thank you. And she looks up at him, shocked. Unable to control herse she wraps her arms around him, careful not to let her fac touch him. Tears flow freely down her cheeks. Finally, Logan's hands come up and slowly wrap around her Leave them like this. They deserve it.
43) 0) text: Kelly is hunched over his toilet, heaving. On the television is an interview with Xavier that we hav seen before. The same words about fellowship of man, etc. Kelly slumps to the floor, catching a glimpse of himself the stainless steel base of the sink in the corner. And s we. His skin seems to be turning white. Worse yet... not whit Veins are visible all over his face and he has thinned considerably. A lock of hair is in his face and when he goes to brush i aside, it simply falls out in his hand, leaving a patch o skin on the front of his scalp matching perfectly the ski his face. AND HE SCREAMS. He seems to be excreting some sort of clear fluid and his breathing is starting to take on a gurgle that is all too unpleasant. He is in obvious pain. 57. He walks toward the cell and tries to look down the hall, pressing his face to the bars at the spot Magneto had ben them. It is only then that he hears a slight crack and his head squeezes between the bars like a soft-shelled egg. He gas in pain, choking on the clear mucous. After adjusting to the shock of what has happened, Kelly an idea. Be turns his shoulder toward the bars and begins push. His feet slip in the floor and his fingers stretch crack inside, then his ribs begin to pop one by one with brittleness of undercooked spaghetti. It is agonizing, bu Kelly finally manages to pull his horribly-altering body through the bars. Once through he looks around the room and finally sees do the hall where we first went on our way to meet Magneto. even hear the familiar clicking of the balls on his desk. Kelly, with only that way to go, does so, passing once ag the odd assortment of machines, very reminiscent of the o in Logan's dream. The clicking gets louder and louder the closer he gets to what wa know to be Magneto's office. Finally he arrives, with no recourse but to pass the open door.
50) 4) dialog: As you were saying... 62. Jean smiles.
50) 7) dialog: What if they're naughty? He is looking at Jean when she says this. She smiles, sha her head. Cyclops is clearly not happy about it. Storm and Beast enter the booth behind them in a panic. W hear only muffled conversation through the mic, then Xavi loud and clear.
51) 6) dialog: Let her figure out your problems for you? 63.
51) 8) dialog: Enough to see you hypocrites have your own standards just like the rest of them.
51) 10) dialog: Just look at yourself, Boo-Berry, and tell me what's fair. Cyclops lunges for Logan. CLAWS EXTEND QUICKLY, ready to kill. Beast holds Cyclops back and shakes him just as his eyes are heating up.
57) 0) text: Back at the mansion, Xavier is watching Logan go through light routine in the Danger Room with Beast at the contro Suddenly, Xavier touches his throat, then raises a shakin hand to his head.
64) 0) text: Logan has just finished his exercise in the danger room. looks a bit worn, showing signs of pain and stiffness, no quite ready for the strain he has put on himself. His fac slicked with s*eat and he wrestles with how to get this uniform off. He hears the slightest noise and turns. Rogue is standing in the doorway, looking at him. He is speechless at first. Then:
64) 1) dialog: Listen, I feel a little responsible - 70. Rogue shakes her head, smiling.
64) 2) dialog: I heard about what happened. Are you okay? She shrugs indifferently. E.C.U. on Logan's nose. His nostrils flare.... sensing... Logan squints the tiniest bit. We know he knows something wrong, but he is hiding it. Be picks up a towel and wipes sweat off his face.
64) 3) dialog: So listen, I was thinking today I would go out... have a drink. I thought maybe you would come with me. Rogue nods and smiles.
64) 4) dialog: Maybe you could finish telling me that story you were telling me last night. Rogue pauses. Confused.
64) 5) dialog: You know... Come on... Don't make me say it. But Rogue is stumped... not knowing what to say.
64) 6) dialog: Whatever you say about them bexng the same, no two women smell alike. SHOOK. The Claws are out. LOGAN LUNGES, BUT ROGUE DIVES T THE SIDE AND OUT INTO THE HALL. Logan is after her, his c tearing through the walls as he chases her.
64) 7) dialog: 
66) 0) text: Logan chases a fleeing Rogue toward the front door of the Mansion. She runs right past an open doorway and as he ch her, a blue tree trunk comes out the door.
66) 2) dialog: Beast... wait... But Beast is on him in an instant, no more the benevolent creature we are used to. Now, he is a monster. Be picks u Logan and throws him down the hall.
66) 4) dialog: You don't understand... That's not - But he is off the floor and flying through the air again, into and through a door at the far end of the hall. Rogue watches this with great fascination. She smiles. BEHIND HER, A LARGE BLACK METAL BOX FLOATS INTO VIEW. Beh it walks MAGNETO, keeping it aloft with his power. He sta next to Rogue and watches the two hulking creatures go at
66) 7) dialog: Wait - 72.
66) 10) dialog: 
66) 13) dialog: It's not Rogue... It's someone else.
66) 15) dialog: Smell her, you moron. IT ISN'T ROGUE.
66) 17) dialog: 
68) 3) dialog: (Re: "Rogue") I got this one. Beast runs after the sound, brushing past Rogue as though were not there. Logan comes out of the hole, his rage mounting. Rogue, suddenly seeing a new order of things, starts to back up. Then runs for her very life. LOGAN ROARS and COMES AFTER HER AGAIN. This time ready fo business.
70) 0) text: Chasing, smashing, screaming, howling. Logan leaps across the room and grabs Mystique by the thr His claws extend to,her throat, his fist holding still an letting the natural force of the claws do the work. Slowly, they push into the flesh under her chin. She trie pull away, but she is held fast.
70) 1) dialog: Who are you people? What is it you want with me? Mystique is defiant. Smiling.
70) 3) dialog: In a minute. Now tell me.
71) 0) text: As Logan follows the voice.
72) 0) text: Logan comes to the open door to see Beast in the center o the room with Magneto by the throat, his giant blue hand making it look no thicker than a man's wrist. But Magneto, for a man in such a predicament, seems frightfully calm. Beast, on the other hand, looks terrified. Then Logan see why. Jean Grey is on the other side of the room, still unconscious. Hovering over her are the X-ray and the examination table and both are encrusted with every horri sharp metal object in the room. Stale mate. If Beast squeezes, Jean is gone.
72) 3) dialog: You're Magneto. MAGNETO. . And I was hoping to surprise you.
72) 4) dialog: What do you want?
72) 6) dialog: I'll be sure to get back to you in the next life. SHOOK. The claws extend to their maximum menace and come within a fraction of an inch of Magneto's eyes. 76.
72) 8) dialog: THE PILE OF TREACHEROUS METAL DROPS A FOOT then halts, ju above Jean. Magneto looks up at Beast. Logan steps back, frustrated. Beast lets go.
72) 18) text: Now they all turn to see that Jean has come to under the of metal. She pushes with her mind and the metal starts t rise. Logan seizes the opportunity to move for Magneto, but the moment is lost when Magneto bears down and the mass of st violently forces itself down to within inches of Jean. Her whole body trembles with the force she generates, but is only enough to hold him at bay. Magneto on the other h seems to be using about as much strength as it would take trim his fingernails.
73) 0) text: Logan is tightly trundled in his box, no way to struggle. Toad is at the controls, Blob, Pyro and Mystique all star this newcomer. He stares back at them. Most of all, he gl at Sabertooth, who most certainly would like another piec
75) 0) text: Rogue shuts herself in the bathroom and cries. Looking at herself in-the mirror, touching her face much in the way touched Logan's. 81.
95) 0) text: Manmade rocky shore. The boat bumps and grinds on the roc Sabertooth jumps down to the deck and meets Magneto comin from below. They nod to one another and walk toward the t on the back of the boat, pulling it back to reveal: THE BLACK BOX with Logan inside. He is unconscious, but coming to. Magneto whips out a syringe and shoots up with little something. Logan fades out again. ANOTHER, MUCH LARGER OBJECT is on the deck of the boat un another tarp, but we cannot see what it is. Sabertooth grabs the box with almost no effort and straps to his back. He climbs the seawall with Mystique close behind. Magneto just about to follow when: He saes something in the distance. MAGNETO'S P.O.V. A fog bank is drifting in from the seaward side. It creep slowly across the bay toward the island. Magneto thinks, shakes it off, following Sabertooth.
105) 0) text: CLOSE UP ON: LOGAN. He comes to, still in the box with nothing but his head sticking out. He struggles instinctively, but winces in agony when he does. He looks around him and sees that he is in a strangely sh room with barely enough space for the box and Magneto, wh smiles at him in the half-darkness. The box is on its back now and Logan is as helpless as an overturned turtle.
105) 2) dialog: Where are we?
105) 4) dialog: Why..?
105) 10) dialog: You could at least do me the courtesy of telling me what I was dying for.
105) 12) dialog: And you think man will be happy about it?
105) 14) dialog: I think it has. I think the reason you're doing this is less an act of giving than an act of getting. Magneto smiles.
105) 16) dialog: You have some baggage, man and none of it is carry-on. I don't know who did it to you, but I'll bet he's not the one paying your freight tonight.
105) 19) dialog: No... just familiar. And with that, Magneto is gone.
111) 0) text: The boat they came in on. See the tarp and what is under IT RISES IN THE AIR, standing upright. The tarp slides to deck to reveal: THE DEVICE. The one Kelly saw, Xavier saw Logan saw. It rises higher in the air.
113) 0) text: It expands, filling the half-darkness of the torch head. LOGAN FEELS THE BOX SNIVELING UPRIGHT as things shift and metal clangs, shudders, creaks. A slight whirring sound a then it all seems to lock.
115) 0) text: LIGHTS COME ON IN THE TORCH. Logan looks around to see wh he could only hear a moment ago. The inside of the torch looks hauntingly familiar. He is inside a device he has seen before. The device from his dreams of where he was made. LOGAN SCREAMS IN HORROR, reaching the brink of madness. 101. aR K aR K
115) 10) text: Logan looks up, but cannot move. His hand merely twitches Claws extending a few inches.
116) 0) text: Beast walks out of the statue base, carrying a motionless Logan. Storm and Jean flank Rogue, having wrapped in her storm's cloak, each with an arm around her. Cyclops brings up the rear. They walks toward the seawall where their boat is waiting. But then, Cyclops stops. Be looks back. Then up at the st and its arm, finally focusing on its torch, where the dev is held. With as much effort as it would take a "normal* human to light a Cigarette, HE FIRES A BEAM OF ENERGY FROM HIS EYE
118) 8) dialog: What do you guys think about "Wolverine?" We'll cut away now to spare everyone the agony of watchin group hug.