7) 11) dialog: (talking to t.v.) It's called the fellowship of man and it's worse than a cult. It's a growing concern. The clicking is from the sound of an executive pendulum thingy on his desk. The six steel balls that bang onto on another from string supports in formation depending on ho many are let to fly from either end. One ball strikes one end, one ball swings out from the other. Two balls and tw and so on. Slight difference. The formations change with every strik defying physics. Oh, and there are no strings supporting balls, thus defying gravity.
7) 13) dialog: Ah ha, you see? Xavier, you bullet-head, you haven't changed.
7) 16) dialog: And look at this one. When Sabertooth clears his throat, the balls instantly fr and hover there. The volume on the television drops, though no remote is i sight. He notices Sabertooth's apparent exhaustion, his torn clothing, including the slashes in his side. His look ask "what happened?"
7) 18) dialog: How?
7) 20) dialog: Do they have him? Sabertooth nods, frustrated. Magneto thinks for a moment, sharing the frustration. He reaches over and picks up a s vial.
7) 21) dialog: The hard way. Page one. As he turns up the television, and again, we don't see how, he fiddles with the vial in his hands, thinking. Kelly is on the screen giving good face.
7) 24) dialog: And you may mark my words, Senator Scott Frank Kelly. All your plotting, all your hatred. I have plans for you... I have seen your kind before. I've seen you come, and I will see you go. Magneto holds up the vial with the tiny piece of shiny me AS he does, we see THE RED SERIAL NUMBERS TATTOOED ON HIS ARM. PAN OVER TO A BULLETIN BOARD on the wall beside him. TO a periodic table, smaller than the first. But still with that red square and the added letter "A".
32) 0) text: A clearing in the middle or a ring of trees at the base o rocky rise. The helicopter touches down. THE PILOT, wrapped from head to toe in a flight suit and helmet, gets out and opens the side door, exposing Kelly Guy rich to the intense wind of the rotors. They cover th eyes, cowering. KELLY'S P.O.V. Two figures come out of a hole in the mountain. One seems extremely larger than the other. Guyrich and Kelly step out. As they get closer he can mak out Magneto and Sabertooth.
32) 3) dialog: It's always your type that has something to hide. And with that GUYRICH MORPHS into a beautiful woman who w heretofore be known as Mystique. Her mutant power require explanation. 46. Kelly, of course, is shocked. Mystique shows a little hip raising the waistline of her outfit mockingly, as the las what we thought was Guyrich slips underneath.
32) 5) dialog: He's been dead for some time, Senator. Care to know how long? Or would you rather not think about it. Makes your skin crawl, doesn't it? Magneto shakes with a case of the willies.
32) 7) dialog: Who we are is not nearly as important as what we are. Say, now that is a lovely soundbite. Use it as your own. It'll come in handy. Toad and Blob grab the Senator as he runs back for the Helicopter in vain.
32) 9) dialog: What we want is not nearly as important as who we want. Ooo, I love this. I could write a book of these.
32) 11) dialog: Gosh, I hope so. As Kelly struggles against all hope.
33) 0) text: Kelly comes to. Magneto walks past him, holding the vial we have seen him with before. The vial with a tiny piece of Adamantium.
39) 2) text: He struggles weakly with restraints as doctors in lab coa and thick, red rubber gloves stand over hia taking notes, paying very little attention to him at all. He looks to his right and sees some sort of device -A LON THICK CYLINDRICAL DEVICE that resembles some of the parts the machines we saw in Magneto's lair. On the other side of the room is a huge vat filled with s kind of molten metal. At the base of the vat is a small f with a piece of filament in it that seems to be the sourc heat for melting the metal in the vat.
40) 7) dialog: And how are we feeling, Senator? Advanced, I hope.
40) 9) dialog: Are you a "God-fearing man" Senator? Kelly's reaction tells him he is certainly afraid of something right now.
40) 11) dialog: Interesting fellow, this God. The power to drift a continent a few inches... drop whole canyons a foot or two. Impressive, wouldn't you say? Magneto moves a pawn.
40) 12) dialog: But do you think that God Himself is ever going to actually step in and do something really, really scary? He's not, Senator. You know why? The Senator just glares. Magneto bears in:
40) 13) dialog: He work, lowly.
40) 14) dialog: Man, however, seem to have the ability to make leaps and bounds in his apparent absence. Punching holes in the ozone melting the ice caps, and in all other ways making the Earth a better place... But for whom? For you, Senator? Not likely. At least... not until now. Kelly jolts from a new pain just coming in.
40) 15) dialog: But what if you could change - adapt to your new environment. '
40) 17) dialog: What if you could breath pure carbon monoxide, Senator? The kind your fellow man is pumping straight into the atmosphere as we speak? Fly above the water that might one day cover the face of the Earth, or swim faster than any fish in the sea. What if your bones could heal вЂ” quickly вЂ” immediately? What if you could walk through walls? 52. 53.
40) 18) dialog: If you could move things with your mind? If you could read minds? WOULD YOUR
40) 21) dialog: Don't fear God, Senator. And certainly - most certainly...don't fear me. (smiles) I'm here to help you. You...the man who represents everything I hate about the Homo Sapien. Because I'm going to turn you - and leaders like you - into us. Believe it or not, you are a leader, Senator Kelly. You set an example. For others. And if more of you were like more of, well, us... the world would be on the way to becoming a much, much better place.
40) 22) dialog: Welcome to the future, brother. And Kelly SCREAMS IN HORRIBLE PAIN. The bars of the cell suddenly bend an make room for Magne to exit. Then they bend closed behind him.
43) 0) text: Kelly is hunched over his toilet, heaving. On the television is an interview with Xavier that we hav seen before. The same words about fellowship of man, etc. Kelly slumps to the floor, catching a glimpse of himself the stainless steel base of the sink in the corner. And s we. His skin seems to be turning white. Worse yet... not whit Veins are visible all over his face and he has thinned considerably. A lock of hair is in his face and when he goes to brush i aside, it simply falls out in his hand, leaving a patch o skin on the front of his scalp matching perfectly the ski his face. AND HE SCREAMS. He seems to be excreting some sort of clear fluid and his breathing is starting to take on a gurgle that is all too unpleasant. He is in obvious pain. 57. He walks toward the cell and tries to look down the hall, pressing his face to the bars at the spot Magneto had ben them. It is only then that he hears a slight crack and his head squeezes between the bars like a soft-shelled egg. He gas in pain, choking on the clear mucous. After adjusting to the shock of what has happened, Kelly an idea. Be turns his shoulder toward the bars and begins push. His feet slip in the floor and his fingers stretch crack inside, then his ribs begin to pop one by one with brittleness of undercooked spaghetti. It is agonizing, bu Kelly finally manages to pull his horribly-altering body through the bars. Once through he looks around the room and finally sees do the hall where we first went on our way to meet Magneto. even hear the familiar clicking of the balls on his desk. Kelly, with only that way to go, does so, passing once ag the odd assortment of machines, very reminiscent of the o in Logan's dream. The clicking gets louder and louder the closer he gets to what wa know to be Magneto's office. Finally he arrives, with no recourse but to pass the open door.
44) 0) text: The balls clicking in their oddly familiar, but totally unnatural state, banging in to one another in an array of combinations. Suddenly, they fall, hitting the desk and rolling every w way. Magneto looks at the gelatinous creature standing in the who looks back at him. It is hard to tell which one is mo surprised. He smiles, unable to hide his pride at his creation.
44) 1) dialog: Magnificent. Then Kelly bolts, running so fast, his slick-skinned feet slip out of his shoes. Magneto is up and after him, but not before hitting a red alarm button just beside his desk. 58.
45) 0) text: Magneto cannot see Kelly, but the sloppy trail of slime h leaving makes him easy to chase. He finds a pair of socks left much like the shoes. Sabertooth overtakes him in the hallway, following the sa trail.
45) 1) dialog: Alive.
45) 3) dialog: 
49) 2) dialog: It changes nothing. We'll simply make our debut without him. , Then Magneto smiles.
49) 3) dialog: It was magnificent, was it not?
66) 5) dialog: You're loving this, I know. Magneto keeps moving, now the box behind him. Beast is coming toward Logan again, furious. High on the fight. Logan's hands are raised, claws retracting as a si of peace. No go.
67) 0) text: Magneto continues his curious tour-of the mansion. Be loo ahead at a curious thing. A heavy wooden end table is fly down the hall at great speed directly toward his head. without ever losing the look of fascination on his face, drops to the floor. The black box keeps moving ahead and SMASHES into the end table, splintering it. 73. Magneto is up and heading in the direction from whence th table came.
69) 0) text: Magneto comes carefully around the corner and into the la There he sees Jean Grey standing calmly on the far side o the room, hand behind her back. He almost does not see the BASEBALL BAT, that whips inche from his head. Magnsto smiles. The bat waves back and forth, whipping the air, warning h to come no further.
69) 1) dialog: Telekinesis. Fascinating. What I wouldn't give for that. Alas, metal is all I am good for. But it seems to serve me well.
70) 5) dialog: Looooocoo0o-gan. From deep in the mansion:
70) 6) dialog: Looooocoo0o-gan. Logan thinks for a minute, then turns Mystique around, holding his claws to the base of her skull and his free h around her throat.
71) 1) dialog: Looocoo0ce0-gan. Come to me, Logan. 75.
72) 0) text: Logan comes to the open door to see Beast in the center o the room with Magneto by the throat, his giant blue hand making it look no thicker than a man's wrist. But Magneto, for a man in such a predicament, seems frightfully calm. Beast, on the other hand, looks terrified. Then Logan see why. Jean Grey is on the other side of the room, still unconscious. Hovering over her are the X-ray and the examination table and both are encrusted with every horri sharp metal object in the room. Stale mate. If Beast squeezes, Jean is gone.
72) 1) dialog: Do I have to say it? Somehow, Logan seems pretty sure that this guy will not h the same sense of mercy for Mystique if called upon. Be l her go. He walks up to the old man in the funny helmet th calmly wheezes in the tightness of Beast's grasp. At last, he is face to face with Magneto.
72) 2) dialog: You are everything I had hoped you would be.
72) 5) dialog: The question really is, what do you want, Logan?
72) 9) dialog: Where did Xavier find you all? He rubs his neck and looks up at Beast, studying him carefully.
72) 10) dialog: Just look at you. Perfection. Beast watched the Metal waver up and down, teasing.
72) 11) dialog: How ill at ease you most feel here. Bow much like a freak among freaks, where we come from, I am the odd man out. The closest thing to human... Bow I envy you.
72) 13) dialog: If I told you that one day your children would thank me... would you believe it? A LOUD BANGING SOUND. Beast and Logan turn and see that the black box that Magn has "brought" with him has opened via two hinged panels a the front. Inside are dozens of sharp, hooked spines, much like an o Fashioned Iron lady. The open panels have strange shaped indentations with similar spikes.
72) 14) dialog: Tell Logan what he's won, Mystique. Mystique stands by it, mocking the movements of a presentation model on the price is right.
72) 15) dialog: Okay, Logan. Hop in.
72) 18) text: Now they all turn to see that Jean has come to under the of metal. She pushes with her mind and the metal starts t rise. Logan seizes the opportunity to move for Magneto, but the moment is lost when Magneto bears down and the mass of st violently forces itself down to within inches of Jean. Her whole body trembles with the force she generates, but is only enough to hold him at bay. Magneto on the other h seems to be using about as much strength as it would take trim his fingernails.
72) 19) dialog: I could just grab you by that metal skeleton of yours and throw you in, but I would have to put this down. The metal above Jean wavers.
72) 20) dialog: Not to mention the mess you would make of yourself if I had to force you in... Please. I really am trying to make this as painless as possible for everyone. What do you say? Defeated, and utterly agonized at being so, Logan turns a steps inside the Iron Lady. He puts his arms in the indentations on the doors. As they close, they fold Logan fists inward just as Mystique demonstrated. If he should extend his claws now, he will only succeed in driving the through his lungs and heart. The iron lady closes. Then it lifts off the ground, float toward the door with Logan inside, his head sticking out through a hole in the top like some black, demented perso sauna. Thick metal bands hinge closed, MEETING AT THE BACK - beh Logan - where they finally lock in place. Magneto turns to Beast.
72) 21) dialog: Now listen very carefully, brother. If - you should step into the field I have holding that table, it will come crashing down with enough force to turn your friend into a new variety of floor wax. Same applies if you try to stop us from leaving. (MORE)
72) 23) dialog: Not to mention the several hundred steel spikes I will drive into Mr. Logan here for him to ponder while you take three days to cut him out of that box, incinerating what's inside. Beast understands and nods, furious. Helpless.
72) 24) dialog: I do love a good check-mate. (Looking around the room) Right then. We'll just be going. And Magneto follows the box out the door, Mystique laughi in tow. Now Jean and Beast are left alone with their quandary. Be tries to move toward her, but as promised, the huge mass metal starts to press down on Jean, who is unable to hold off despite her efforts.
73) 1) dialog: A day of discovery for you, eh, Logan? - Less and less alone you are with every turn of the head. What made you go to Alaska? What was it you were hiding from? Did that nasty temper of yours get just a little too far out of hand? I know all about it. I know quite a lot about you in fact. If you're good, I'll tell you all. 80. Logan spits at him.
73) 2) dialog: You may believe all the answers await you in the next life, but then again, what if you're not on their guest list? Logan sneers, that last comment striking home on his one only fear.
80) 0) text: THE CAGE OF SENATOR KELLY. NOW HIS P.O.V. as seen by Xavi Vision fades in and out in a sedated haze. He is laid out on a gurney, being wheeled toward bars tha seem to have no door. Then they bend back to allow the gu to be wheeled - through. 83. He looks up and sees Magneto wheeling the gurney, smiling down with a wink at the Senator. Kelly looks down at his feet and sees the corridor lined those mysterious pieces of machinery... somehow familiar. They all seem to be versions of the same thing.
95) 0) text: Manmade rocky shore. The boat bumps and grinds on the roc Sabertooth jumps down to the deck and meets Magneto comin from below. They nod to one another and walk toward the t on the back of the boat, pulling it back to reveal: THE BLACK BOX with Logan inside. He is unconscious, but coming to. Magneto whips out a syringe and shoots up with little something. Logan fades out again. ANOTHER, MUCH LARGER OBJECT is on the deck of the boat un another tarp, but we cannot see what it is. Sabertooth grabs the box with almost no effort and straps to his back. He climbs the seawall with Mystique close behind. Magneto just about to follow when: He saes something in the distance. MAGNETO'S P.O.V. A fog bank is drifting in from the seaward side. It creep slowly across the bay toward the island. Magneto thinks, shakes it off, following Sabertooth.
97) 0) text: The sound of the band in the distance. Sabertooth walks u a LARGE SET OF METAL DOORS surrounded by stately old conc bricks. Toad, Pyro and Mystique keep a lookout as Magneto waits. SABERTOOTH RIPS THE DOORS FROM THEIR HINGES and walks in. Magneto follows. The rest stay behind.
98) 0) text: Silent in here. Tomb-like. Magneto and Sabertooth make th way toward a large stairwell in the middle of the room. The begin their ascent. Magneto looks up and sees that the stairs go up for quite Some way.
104) 0) text: again, from high up. Where we first saw Toad's P.O.V. Now it is Magneto who looks down. From atop what, we cann tell. He sees the fog engulfing the whole rim of the isla and puzzles over it. He is not comfortable. Sabertooth is beside him.
104) 1) dialog: I have a very sneaking suspicion we are not the only party crashers. Tell the others not to hesitate. Kill who you have to... Sabertooth could not be happier. He leaves to deliver the news.
105) 0) text: CLOSE UP ON: LOGAN. He comes to, still in the box with nothing but his head sticking out. He struggles instinctively, but winces in agony when he does. He looks around him and sees that he is in a strangely sh room with barely enough space for the box and Magneto, wh smiles at him in the half-darkness. The box is on its back now and Logan is as helpless as an overturned turtle.
105) 1) dialog: God worked wonders when He made you, Logan. Unfortunately, it's not His work I'm interested in. It's what Man did to you... when God was through. Man was cruel to you, wasn't he? 96.
105) 3) dialog: At the frontier of a new civilization. The breakwater of new era for mankind. We're backstage at the encore of creation. Three minutes to curtain.
105) 5) dialog: That's the question, isn't it? This is the place in the story where the Hero learns the secret of his identity, the reasons for his life of torment, the plans of his nemesis and finally finds his retention. Are you sure you really want to know who you really are? Logan's eyes say it all.
105) 6) dialog: Well, frankly, I have no idea. Logan shakes his head. "Of course."
105) 7) dialog: I know a little about the Canadian Military. I know about an experiment called Wolverine during the war, though I never could find its intended purpose. Maybe to build a perfect fighting man, maybe to stop one. A lot of people were doing a lot of unholy things in those days. No one was better than anyone else in the end. At the bottom of it all, the culprit I suppose was simple human nature. Man's instinct to survive, Logan. If there really is such a thing as evil, you'll find it there. Logan struggles now in vain, wailing as his own blood flo up his neck from the spikes inside the box.
105) 8) dialog: I would take the Adamantium out of you were there a way. Strange stuff really. The only thing that can generate the energy to melt adamantium is more adamantium. Even then, when you melt it there is no heat. 97.
105) 9) dialog: Something I have not been able to work out. In this case, you are the rod and the staff all in one, you magnificent creature. It breaks my heart to see you go.
105) 11) dialog: Inside you, my friend, is the key to unlocking the secret of evolution. Together we are going to shove man into his highest level. Tonight, every living creature as far as the eye can see that does not already share our gifts, will be changed forever.
105) 13) dialog: Ohhhhh, I can understand your being bitter. A bit put off. But it hasn't been the same for you as it has been for all of us.
105) 15) dialog: That might be how you -
105) 17) dialog: If you'll excuse me... Magneto is visibly angered by the words. He opens a hatch below him and slides out feet first until only his head i visible. Then he pauses. 98.
105) 18) dialog: And you're right, Logan. I am bitter. I am angry. I do have an axe and I am grinding it on the innocent. None of it will make me sorry. And none of it will make me wrong.
106) 0) text: Magneto comes to stand on the railing outside from his hi perch, overlooking the island. From here we pull out to reveal at last where he is. HE IS NOT ON ELLIS ISLAND AT ALL. Instead, he ,is on the catwalk around the torch of the St of Liberty, about a mile away. He looks over at the activ on Ellis Island, hearing the band and inhaling the cool evening breeze.
106) 1) dialog: Give me your tired, your hungry, your poor. And he turns to the bright lights of Manhattan and its se million inhabitants.
106) 2) dialog: Bring me your huddled masses. He brings a radio to his lips.
106) 3) dialog: Lights.
110) 0) text: Magneto takes this moment in the darkness to point his ha and all of his concentration on the bottom of the torch i Lady Liberty's hands.
115) 3) dialog: All for nothing. The moral of tonight's performance. The metal trapping the X-Men tightens its grip, squeezing air out of them while sharp shards push into gore them to death. Jean tries as best she can to fight him. The two powers clash.
115) 5) dialog: A concept you will come to understand. Now stop resisting the inevitable. Out of the corner of her eye, Jean catches a shadow of movement behind Magneto.
115) 7) dialog: It is treason what you've done tonight and you will be treated as traitors are. And ROGUE COMES OUT OF THE SHADOWS BEHIND MAGNETO, sneaki towards him. All of the X-Men try to hide their reactions sudden hope. Jean continues to stall.
115) 9) dialog: What is this? And as Rogue gets within a few feet of him, she MORPHS ba into Mystique - all hope dying with the transformation. 104. The X-Men slump with a final sense of defeat.
115) 12) dialog: What is?
119) 4) dialog: Doesn't it ever wake you in the middle of the night? The feeling that some day, some day very soon, they will pass that foolish law - or one just like it - and they will come for you and your children? Take you all away?
119) 6) dialog: And what do you do when you wake up to that?
119) 8) dialog: That's no answer. 108.
119) 10) dialog: Why do we play this game, Xavier?
119) 12) dialog: But you must know that it is a war. And to win a war takes the will to fight it at all costs, by any means necessary. For that reason, I will alvays be at an advantage. No matter how you trap me, how I am contained - Chess pieces seem to visually mimic their conversation, Xavier's white pieces slowly surrounding Magneto's Black King.
119) 13) dialog: I will always find an escape.
119) 15) dialog: And what is that?
119) 18) dialog: And mate. BLACK.