32) 13) dialog: And people like you are the reason I was afraid to go to school. WHACK - she strikes Kelly with enough force to:
70) 0) text: Chasing, smashing, screaming, howling. Logan leaps across the room and grabs Mystique by the thr His claws extend to,her throat, his fist holding still an letting the natural force of the claws do the work. Slowly, they push into the flesh under her chin. She trie pull away, but she is held fast.
70) 2) dialog: Kill me.
70) 4) dialog: Nice get-up. You bulge in almost all the right places. The claws extend a little more, drawing blood. But before he can elicit her to speak, another voice call out to him.
73) 0) text: Logan is tightly trundled in his box, no way to struggle. Toad is at the controls, Blob, Pyro and Mystique all star this newcomer. He stares back at them. Most of all, he gl at Sabertooth, who most certainly would like another piec
94) 1) text: Sabertooth holds the last Secret Service man aloft, impal on his claws. Be waves now, the body swaying this way and that before he casually throws it to the ground. The Pilot turns to the wheel of the boat as he MORPHS INT MYSTIQUE and turns the boat toward the island.
95) 0) text: Manmade rocky shore. The boat bumps and grinds on the roc Sabertooth jumps down to the deck and meets Magneto comin from below. They nod to one another and walk toward the t on the back of the boat, pulling it back to reveal: THE BLACK BOX with Logan inside. He is unconscious, but coming to. Magneto whips out a syringe and shoots up with little something. Logan fades out again. ANOTHER, MUCH LARGER OBJECT is on the deck of the boat un another tarp, but we cannot see what it is. Sabertooth grabs the box with almost no effort and straps to his back. He climbs the seawall with Mystique close behind. Magneto just about to follow when: He saes something in the distance. MAGNETO'S P.O.V. A fog bank is drifting in from the seaward side. It creep slowly across the bay toward the island. Magneto thinks, shakes it off, following Sabertooth.
97) 0) text: The sound of the band in the distance. Sabertooth walks u a LARGE SET OF METAL DOORS surrounded by stately old conc bricks. Toad, Pyro and Mystique keep a lookout as Magneto waits. SABERTOOTH RIPS THE DOORS FROM THEIR HINGES and walks in. Magneto follows. The rest stay behind.
115) 11) dialog: Don't listen to them. It's a trap. Surprised, Magneto turns to her, the metal easing back further.
115) 13) dialog: 