10) 1) text: The sidelines of said soccer game. 29. A young girl sits all alone at the edge of the field. Her eyes are deep and sad and her general attitude is not muc better. She is not watching the game, however. Her name is ROGUE, and we will meet her later. She wears outfit that seems to swath her entire body like a cocoon thick layers despite the warm weather. Her neck and even hands are covered. All but her face. From wear she sits, she watches Logan and Xavier with gre interest. Finally she stands and walks toward them.
20) 0) text: Rogue smiles to herself.
25) 0) text: Rogue reacts, frightened.
29) 0) text: Rogue stands hidden in the shadows, having seen the whole exchange. Moved and torn as to what to do, she hurries aw
37) 0) text: Rogue. The waif is h young thing who hides so well in the shadows seems more comfortable to be moving through the mansion at night. She passes through halls and rooms not making a sound in strangely-swathed bodysuit.
38) 0) text: She creaks a door open slowly, letting a shaft of dim lig slice the darkness. She walks in to a figure laying in bed and stands over hi Over Logan. He lays under a single sheet, sweating, his eyes moving quickly this way and that in R.E.M. His hands twitch. Rogue leans in closer, as though trying to see his though PUSH IN ON LOGAN'S EYES AS THEY MOVE UNDER THE LIDS.
42) 0) text: Logan walks out into the hall and nearly runs into Rogue. She looks at him shyly and steps back. She is wrapped fre in a thick swath of clothing from head to toe. Only her f is visible. It is a painfully awkward moment. Then:
50) 0) text: Rogue runs unhindered through the gates at the edge of th estate.
50) 1) text: Across the road. The leaves on the trees seem to move. Th one of the trees itself. Then, his camouflage fading, TOAD comes down from the treetops, heading in Rogue's direction.
52) 4) dialog: Rogue turns and sees: Storm, coming to her though the crowd. A SHIFT IN THE CRO and Storm loses sight of her.
53) 0) text: Rogue- runs up the escalator and runs right into Storm, nearly touching her.
54) 0) text: Rogue and Storm have a cup of coffee by a glass railing t looks down on the rest of the mall.
54) 1) dialog: I fell off the wagon. Hard. I feel like if I don't touch another human being... She starts to cry now.
54) 3) dialog: I don't want to live-like this.
54) 5) dialog: But you can touch. You're not alone. No one is alone like I am. 65.
54) 7) dialog: I can see that look.
54) 9) dialog: That look people get when they want to touch you - to make you feel better. I see that look all the time. It ends with this expression I am sure lepers know pretty well. Just then, Rogue looks down and sees Cyclops on the lower level, obviously searching for her.
54) 11) dialog: What?
54) 13) dialog: Don't.
54) 15) dialog: Get away. Please. I didn't mean it.
54) 17) dialog: No.
55) 0) text: Cyclops looks up and sees Rogue sitting with Storm, looki over at something. He turns in time to see that The other Storm is being CHO BY SABERTOOTH, her feet not touching the ground. He tries to get a shot with his visor, but too many peopl are in his way.
62) 0) text: Cyclops stumbles blind and helpless, covering his eyes. A hand comes into frame, tapping him with his visor. He takes it and puts it on. Looking up to see a guilt- stricken Rogue. Sprinklers fire and shower down all over the mall to the sound of many alarms.
63) 0) text: Xavier fights the rush of traffic - people fleeing madly the mall. As he pulls up to the front doors, he sees Cyclops emergi carrying Storm's unconscious body. They are followed by Rogue.
63) 1) dialog: It's a trick. To lure you away. They are headed to the mansion. They jump in the car and peel out back toward home.
64) 0) text: Logan has just finished his exercise in the danger room. looks a bit worn, showing signs of pain and stiffness, no quite ready for the strain he has put on himself. His fac slicked with s*eat and he wrestles with how to get this uniform off. He hears the slightest noise and turns. Rogue is standing in the doorway, looking at him. He is speechless at first. Then:
66) 0) text: Logan chases a fleeing Rogue toward the front door of the Mansion. She runs right past an open doorway and as he ch her, a blue tree trunk comes out the door.
75) 0) text: Rogue shuts herself in the bathroom and cries. Looking at herself in-the mirror, touching her face much in the way touched Logan's. 81.
78) 0) text: Everyone comes rushing into the bathroom and over to the toilet, looking in. LONG PAUSE. Nothing. 82. They look rather silly all staring at the calm water. Jus they are backing away, looking at Rogue, a gurgling sound comes from the corner. They all turn to see: . Senator Kelly, or what is left of him. Be has now evolved into nothing more than a mass of vaguely humanbid jelly.
79) 0) text: Jean Grey takes samples of Kelly's plasma, while Beast pr him here and there. Rogue/ Storm and Cyclops stand watchi in horror. Xavier tries to see the face of his adversary this blob of gelatin.
84) 19) dialog: 
84) 21) dialog: Wait... Wait for it... Xavier is already nodding slightly.
84) 25) dialog: Was it something like that? Xavier's eyes close in on the torch itself. 89. Slowly he begins to nod, and we do too. There is no doubt the confirmation of the familiar shape that is so much li Magneto's machine of unspeakable horror.
116) 0) text: Beast walks out of the statue base, carrying a motionless Logan. Storm and Jean flank Rogue, having wrapped in her storm's cloak, each with an arm around her. Cyclops brings up the rear. They walks toward the seawall where their boat is waiting. But then, Cyclops stops. Be looks back. Then up at the st and its arm, finally focusing on its torch, where the dev is held. With as much effort as it would take a "normal* human to light a Cigarette, HE FIRES A BEAM OF ENERGY FROM HIS EYE
118) 0) text: Scott and Jean are huddled together on sofa, sleeping. Storm sits wide awake, staring into space, deep in though Rogue paces back and forth nervously. No one is really listening to the television.
118) 4) dialog: Ha. Just then, the door to the lab opens and all eyes turn to it. Jean and Scott stir and sit up as Xavier and Beast co out into the hall. Everyone waits with baited breath for something... anythi AND LOGAN EMERGES. He sees to limp a little, most likely tender all over and will be for some time. But his injuri are not the concern just now. The issue today is his unif