14) 0) text: Abe, Liz and Agent Mudd fan out, moving cautiously toward the auctioneer's overturned podium. Abe discovers an empty cage... and on the iron door, the embossed ROYAL SEAL. Abe hears a high-pitched chitter- chatter and looks around: Nothing.
19) 0) text: Agent MARBLE comes upon a lonely little creature peeping from a crack in the wall. It's about 9 inches high, with olive skin and almond-shaped eyes gleaming in the half- light. It whimpers softly.
20) 0) text: Liz lights up both hands, illuminating a surging tidal wa of hungry critters that engulfs the room, gnawing at the wallpaper, the furniture! The things sweep over Agent Mudd, ripping into him like wriggling piranhas.
21) 0) text: Hellboy protects the other agent, but he feels the things swarming over him, reaching for his lips and ears... Bellowing in disgust, he fires his shotguns, splattering dozens of creatures onto the walls. Every blast, however, reveals a buzzing, hungry mass pour from the walls. HB claws at dozens more, which cling to h like baby monkeys.
39) 0) text: The SECURITY POUND is row after row of stacked cages, eac one imprisoning a different CREATURE. BPRD AGENTS patrol pens, feeding the occupants, cleaning the pans- HB looks at Manning, who is edgy and nervous.
44) 0) text: Agents cordon off the street with yellow tape, holding th press at bay. As the truck rolls by, hordes of bystanders push forward, hoping for a glimpse of Hellboy. Some of them chase run alongside the vehicle, carrying support/hatred signs.
80) 0) text: BPRD agents break in on the scene. Smoke and flames billo in the room, wax puddles stand where the CEREMONIAL CANDL were and seated around the seance table, charred corpses hold hands in eternal contact. As the Agents move around pale, vaporous shape emerges from the soot-stained darkne It's Johann.
98) 0) text: The top-level human agents are clustered in the lobby, th guns drawn, all of them aiming at the Prince and his drooling bodyguards. Standoff. As Hellboy and the team arrive, Abe sees the Princess, he arms tied. Her brother holds her by the hair.
108) 0) text: Manning bangs on a vending machine in one of the BPRD corridors. As a dribble of hot coffee splatters into his cup, a couple of AGENTS run up.
108) 1) dialog: Sir - you'd better come, fast -
109) 0) text: The BPRD airplane is ROARING, amid clouds of exhaust fume The plane spins around and around in tight circles, its w tips knocking into ladders, lights and shelves. A bunch of agents are cowering in the doorway as Manning arrives.
109) 2) dialog: Isn't that Johann at the controls?