32) 0) text: An abandoned machine shop functions as a council chamber. High-ranking heads of outlandish MAGICK FAMILIES are ther goblins, trolls, dwarves and elves. At the center sits KING BALOR The One-armed King of Elfla and, behind him, the willowy, beautiful PRINCESS NUALA, t Prince's sister. Both on the King's chest and her own, a large golden piec dangles from a chain. Nuala's resemblance to the Prince is uncanny, down to the fine scars marring their perfect faces. They're YING and YANG, almost the same being. The Prince eyes the doors closing behind him. The armed guards watch his every move. He bows his head and kneels.
32) 13) text: And they scorn us- every time they raise a dead, cold building, destroy a forest, or take more land- The PRINCESS then steps forward.
32) 14) dialog: What they do is in their nature. We must honor our side of the agreement-
32) 33) text: I agree. Death it is- And the guards turn toward the king and stab him. The Princess screams. The Prince looks away as the old monarc tumbles from his throne, dead. The heads of the clans try flee, but are kept at bay by the other guards.
33) 0) text: The Princess rushes to a small cabinet. She grabs an ancient, leather-bound tome. She turns to leave, but a horde of TROLLS rushes and quic surrounds her. One of the beasts swings a heavy, rusty sword. It opens a gash in the princess' left arm-
35) 1) dialog: (calling out) Yrdrig!! YRDRIG, a hellhound the size of a tank, jumps out from an alcove. He has multiple heads, all of them ferocious. In seconds, he's upon the TROLLS. Each of his many mouths tears into green flesh, lifting a shaking the helpless monsters like rag dolls. The Princess slips through a secret door.
37) 0) text: -reach the Princess' chamber, it's too late. Dead and dying TROLLS lie in a heap on the floor. The Prince finds no sign of his sister. He clutches his bleeding arm.
52) 9) text: Not now, Abe. As the Princess disappears into the mob, Abe hurries afte her. 68
54) 0) text: Abe follows the Princess down an alley - and then another one, narrow and dark. Panhandlers pull at his belt; he ba them away. 70
57) 1) dialog: If you are looking for your weapons, my guards took them. Abe turns to face the Princess, who stands only a few fee away. She has cast off her dingy cloak and is radiant in fine silk robes. She is feeding slices of fruit to a cage of large, featherless REPTILE/BIRDS.
57) 3) dialog: Why were you following me? Abe is ashamed to realize the real answer. He's utterly beguiled by her.
57) 4) dialog: Are you seeking to join my brother?
57) 11) dialog: In his revolt against the humans?
57) 13) dialog: Then answer me truthfully- Why were you following me?
57) 15) dialog: (LAUGHING)
57) 18) dialog: Give me your hand. Abe complies, thrilled as she runs her fingers over his palm. The Princess' face brightens. She smiles and gestures for the YRDRIG to yield.
57) 19) dialog: Down Yrdrig - he's a friend. The YRDRIG jumps on Abe and starts licking him with all three tongues.
57) 20) dialog: Yrdrig's really just a puppy. The drooling beast pins Abe to the floor with one paw.
57) 29) dialog: My father gave him to me. Yrdrig, leave our guest alone- The Yrdrig drops Abe onto the floor.
57) 30) dialog: Out! Out! Bad Yrdrig! As the animal skulks away, she helps Abe up-
57) 31) dialog: (bows her head) My name is Princess Nuala.
57) 33) dialog: May I apologize, Mr. Sapien, for the manner in which we brought you here... couldn't be too sure. She offers him the locator belt.
57) 36) dialog: And under diplomatic immunity - may I seek asylum??
57) 45) dialog: And that was my royal guard.
58) 0) text: Standing at a long deal table, the Princess lights a cand and examines the ancient seal.
58) 1) dialog: Where did you get this?
58) 3) dialog: In ancient times a seal like this was delivered to the enemy as a declaration of war. A signal from the underground realm to the entire world. It prefaced the awakening of the Golden Army- Johann sits down heavily.
58) 13) dialog: Not a tale- At the dawn of time... Even before the great flood, man and the Children of the Earth shared this planet... (she sighs) But as man in his greed expanded his dominion, there ensued a bitter war...
59) 1) dialog: In those days, my people were led by my Father, King BALOR, the one-armed king of Elfland. KING BALOR fights valiantly at the side of his son, the tall, pale elf knight: PRINCE NUADA.
59) 2) dialog: The bloodshed went on year after year. Many lives were lost. An overview of the battlefield fades as the sun sinks bel the horizon.
60) 6) dialog: It was then that the King ordered the Sigri to build him a new, invincible army.
61) 1) dialog: This was an army that would not eat, drink or grow tired. A heartless, ruthless force made of the purest metal, mined from the depths of the earth.
62) 1) dialog: The Sigri worked until the winter moon was high in the sky - The CHIEF GOBLIN BLACKSMITH displays three curved segment of gold. He fits them together and holds a completed CROW directly over the King's head.
64) 1) dialog: But this army knew no bounds, had no remorse, felt no loyalty, engaging in blind battle with man, woman or child. The horde crushes everything, with swords slicing through armor as if it were paper. Every blow is deadly, precise. The army marches ever onward, like a grinding machine devouring tender flesh. At length, there is no sign of life in the human camp.
64) 2) dialog: And as the king gazed upon the earth awash in blood and at the impassive metal faces of the army he had created, his heart grew heavy. Victory was gained at too high a price. This war should never have been waged. The King surveys the carnage. The mechanical soldiers sta in symmetrical ranks awaiting further instructions.
64) 3) dialog: And so he arranged a truce: the surviving men would keep to their cities and we children of the Earth would dwell within the forests. This pact, he declared, would be honored by our sons and the sons of their sons until the end of time. Listening to his father, Prince Nuada reacts with anguish
64) 4) dialog: But my brother did not believe in the promises of men. He marched off into exile, vowing to return if the Sons of the Earth ever needed him. Prince Nuada walks away towards a dying sunset. 81
65) 6) dialog: And the golden army was ordered to lie dormant, locked inside the earth itself - and there it is to this day, waiting for the wearer of the crown to command it again.
66) 0) text: The Princess finishes her tale. Hellboy and Johann look a each other.
66) 2) dialog: My father had it destroyed. Cut into three pieces. One for mankind... She holds up her piece of the puzzle, which dangles from chain around her neck.
66) 3) dialog: .Two for the sons of the Earth.
66) 5) dialog: I'm afraid it's the other way around. She holds the CYLINDER she purchased.
66) 6) dialog: The location of the Golden Army is contained within this cylinder-- She opens it and produces a parchment hidden inside. She extends it: the map just shows three coordinates.
66) 8) dialog: But nothing else- She rolls back the map into the cylinder.
66) 9) dialog: So far, this is a family matter. To intervene will bring nothing but trouble.
67) 0) text: The Princess leads the group through the surging, noisy crowd of bizarre creatures. Hellboy, Johann and Abe bring the rear.
67) 1) dialog: No- not that way. Too risky- They're lost in unfamiliar alleys and byways. Until-
69) 14) text: The fire is not my enemy-- it is a part of me-- Liz yells out a warning... and then throws a barrage of flaming bolts. A pair of crab-like THINGS shrivel and bur Johann melds with a heavy steel dumpster, until only his legs are visible beneath it. Bending at the waist - SPLAT he brings it down on the head of the nearest creature! WINK and HB duke it out for a few beats and then HB final vanquishes the Troll, Ripping his Iron Mace off and throw it away. As the other monsters retreat... .the PRINCE appears: in his hand a complex mechanical GRENADE. Immediately worried, Abe hustles the Princess ov to the BPRD truck. The Prince twists a timer. His bloodied trolls disperse, screaming, renewing the panic.
77) 0) text: Abe floats in his tank, smiling at the Princess, who's at one of the book stands, reading to him.
77) 1) dialog: "I sometimes have a queer feeling - especially when you are near me, as now: it is as if I had a string somewhere under my left ribs, tightly and inextricably knotted to a similar string situated in the corresponding quarter of your little frame."
77) 3) dialog: "I am afraid that cord of communion will be snapt; and then I've a nervous notion I should take to bleeding inwardly." She closes the book, looking troubled.
77) 5) dialog: This "Jane Eyre"... I understand it's only a story, but such a tie that binds, it exists between me and my brother. I assure you: my brother, he's not dead-
77) 12) dialog: We are twins. Even now, I can sense his presence. This has been our way since we were young children, in Renvyle-
77) 14) dialog: (NODS)
77) 17) dialog: You were very brave, vouching for me. How do you know I'm not the enemy, bringing me here?
83) 0) text: The Princess hears the distant music and smiles, but then feels a chill down her spine. She shudders and moves to t panoramic window and gazes outside, to the woods and the distant city lights below...
91) 0) text: Alone in the BPRD conference room, the Princess is watchi the show. The massive Yrdrig is curled up at her feet.
95) 0) text: Video cameras record the journey of the Princess as she makes her way through the nearly-deserted corridors.
95) 7) dialog: Shhh, it's all right - BOOM-! A jolt shakes the room. A-moment later, a wall collapses as warty, heavily muscled ARMS and FINGERS tear the masonry! in seconds, a squad of TROLLS pulls itself into view! WIN leers at the Princess. From her waistband, she produces a long, thin DAGGER and wields it timidly. Somewhere in the building, ALARMS start clanging. The Yrdrig shakes himself into action and springs. With a SNARL, it attaches its several jaws onto the neare trolls. As the fighting creatures crash into the spiral staircase, the Princess hears a familiar voice:
95) 10) dialog: No!
98) 0) text: The top-level human agents are clustered in the lobby, th guns drawn, all of them aiming at the Prince and his drooling bodyguards. Standoff. As Hellboy and the team arrive, Abe sees the Princess, he arms tied. Her brother holds her by the hair.
98) 3) dialog: Mr. Sapien, don't! He'll kill you!
100) 0) text: Liz rummages in the Princess' quarters, throwing bedding around, opening drawers. 133
104) 0) text: Abe stands at a lectern. Behind him, a projected image of the Princess' map from the troll market. His finger trace the strange, elvish text.
120) 28) text: Then you are most foolish. He gestures to some troll GUARDS near a tunnel entrance. They lead the Princess out in chains.
120) 66) dialog: No!! He is Anung-un-Rma- son of the Fallen one- He has the right! Her eyes lock with Abe's: there's no other way. The Prince sees Hellboy coming and with a bitter smile pi up his sword.
120) 84) dialog: We'll find each other again, somewhere. And she dies in his arms. In the center of the arena: