31) 0) text: The Chamberlain leads the way down a tunnel lined with mo guards. The armed men surround the Prince as they stop at intersection. The Prince prepares to unsheathe his sword- WINK growls.
31) 2) dialog: I will not.
31) 4) dialog: Mr. Wink however- cannot dispose of his weapon. He will wait here- WINK snorts as the Prince is finally escorted through a huge, rusting iron door.
32) 0) text: An abandoned machine shop functions as a council chamber. High-ranking heads of outlandish MAGICK FAMILIES are ther goblins, trolls, dwarves and elves. At the center sits KING BALOR The One-armed King of Elfla and, behind him, the willowy, beautiful PRINCESS NUALA, t Prince's sister. Both on the King's chest and her own, a large golden piec dangles from a chain. Nuala's resemblance to the Prince is uncanny, down to the fine scars marring their perfect faces. They're YING and YANG, almost the same being. The Prince eyes the doors closing behind him. The armed guards watch his every move. He bows his head and kneels.
32) 1) dialog: Father. (eyes the Princess)
32) 5) dialog: I have returned from exile to set us free. All of us, Father- And to reclaim what has been taken from our people. The land and the freedom that is rightfully ours.
32) 12) dialog: A shameful truce, worth nothing. How can you abide it? How- ? They have no respect for themselves, their Gods or the earth- (BEAT)
32) 13) text: And they scorn us- every time they raise a dead, cold building, destroy a forest, or take more land- The PRINCESS then steps forward.
32) 15) dialog: Honor-? (BEAT)
32) 20) dialog: It may be- but we will not go quiet. We will not fade like this. Better to burn than fade away... And for this... Prince Nuada looks around, locking eyes with the heads of the clans.
32) 21) dialog: .we'll need the help of the Good... the Bad... and the Worst- He brings out the gold artifact from the auction. Holds i high. The crowds GASPS. The King instinctively covers the companion piece hanging from his chest as a medallion.
32) 28) dialog: Yes. I am.
32) 30) dialog: Yes, Father- it is. The King takes the Princess' hand and mournfully lowers h head.
32) 32) dialog: (GRIM)
32) 33) text: I agree. Death it is- And the guards turn toward the king and stab him. The Princess screams. The Prince looks away as the old monarc tumbles from his throne, dead. The heads of the clans try flee, but are kept at bay by the other guards.
32) 34) dialog: Hear me all!!! There are some amongst you that have already seen the light- (he nears the guards) Seen the future... The PRAETORIAN GUARDS cover his back as he leans forward his Father"s corpse and snatches the medallion.
32) 35) dialog: As for you- You may join us in our quest or die now- His gaze is fierce, inspired. He joins the pieces togethe they fuse and interconnect through the magical equivalent NANOTECHNOLOGY. Minute gears and hooks join the pieces seamlessly into an almost complete CROWN. The Prince rais
32) 37) dialog: All of those in favor, make it known.
32) 43) dialog: Good- I see the council is as brave as it's always been... (BEAT)
32) 44) text: And now, my sister- The Prince looks around and sees that his sister is gone. He pushes through the mob, pulling his guards to the door
32) 45) dialog: Find her- Find her- His minions surge into the tunnels.
33) 0) text: The Princess rushes to a small cabinet. She grabs an ancient, leather-bound tome. She turns to leave, but a horde of TROLLS rushes and quic surrounds her. One of the beasts swings a heavy, rusty sword. It opens a gash in the princess' left arm-
34) 0) text: The Prince, rushing through the tunnel with the PRAETORIA GUARDS, suddenly doubles over, cursing. Blood pours from wound in his left arm.
34) 1) dialog: No- no- you fools-
36) 0) text: The Prince and his guards rush through the tunnels, as tr screams echo off the walls. When they finally-
37) 0) text: -reach the Princess' chamber, it's too late. Dead and dying TROLLS lie in a heap on the floor. The Prince finds no sign of his sister. He clutches his bleeding arm.
52) 9) text: Not now, Abe. As the Princess disappears into the mob, Abe hurries afte her. 68
54) 0) text: Abe follows the Princess down an alley - and then another one, narrow and dark. Panhandlers pull at his belt; he ba them away. 70
58) 0) text: Standing at a long deal table, the Princess lights a cand and examines the ancient seal.
66) 0) text: The Princess finishes her tale. Hellboy and Johann look a each other.
67) 0) text: The Princess leads the group through the surging, noisy crowd of bizarre creatures. Hellboy, Johann and Abe bring the rear.
67) 4) dialog: Hold! The Prince appears at the top of the stairs, dressed in black. He's surrounded by his elite guard. Stepping to th rail, he points at his sister and addresses the crowd:
67) 5) dialog: Hear me, o creatures of the forest! Can you recognize a traitor? She's here to betray her own! He casts a disdainful look at Hellboy.
67) 6) dialog: I'm here to recruit all of you against the humans. Make your decision now. Those who join me will be rewarded. The rest... will be killed. A sudden silence falls over the throng. Then, the sound o CRACKING KNUCKLES. Everyone looks at Hellboy, who is unclenching his fists and stretching his neck. He starts up the stairs, but a couple of the GUARDS leap down to block his path.
69) 14) text: The fire is not my enemy-- it is a part of me-- Liz yells out a warning... and then throws a barrage of flaming bolts. A pair of crab-like THINGS shrivel and bur Johann melds with a heavy steel dumpster, until only his legs are visible beneath it. Bending at the waist - SPLAT he brings it down on the head of the nearest creature! WINK and HB duke it out for a few beats and then HB final vanquishes the Troll, Ripping his Iron Mace off and throw it away. As the other monsters retreat... .the PRINCE appears: in his hand a complex mechanical GRENADE. Immediately worried, Abe hustles the Princess ov to the BPRD truck. The Prince twists a timer. His bloodied trolls disperse, screaming, renewing the panic.
69) 15) dialog: (to Hellboy) I will find you, young daemon - (to Nuala) - and you, too, my sister. Meanwhile, here's a taste of what lies in store.
74) 26) dialog: (to Hellboy) Haven't you managed to kill it yet? You, who were so eager for a fight? The Prince is standing on top of the tower. He points at Hellboy, then yells at the Elemental.
74) 27) dialog: (to the Elemental) Over here, dear friend... SNATCH! The Elemental plucks Hellboy off a parapet! Hellb wriggles in the massive wooden finger-like appendages.
74) 33) dialog: This might be a good chance for you to come to your senses. Help us.
77) 0) text: Abe floats in his tank, smiling at the Princess, who's at one of the book stands, reading to him.
83) 0) text: The Princess hears the distant music and smiles, but then feels a chill down her spine. She shudders and moves to t panoramic window and gazes outside, to the woods and the distant city lights below...
84) 0) text: The music can be heard at a distance. A dark figure stands on a hill, amid the trees, listening and watching... CAMERA MOVES IN: the Prince gazes at the building.
91) 0) text: Alone in the BPRD conference room, the Princess is watchi the show. The massive Yrdrig is curled up at her feet.
95) 0) text: Video cameras record the journey of the Princess as she makes her way through the nearly-deserted corridors.
95) 8) dialog: Hold. The Prince steps into the room, carrying a long spear. The trolls are on top of the Yrdrig, ready to kill him.
95) 9) dialog: Come-! The trolls release the Yrdrig and bound over to the Princ The last troll, however, grabs the Yrdrig by the neck and brutally twists -! The animal's three mouths yelp and cough, fighting for ai - the It thrashes pathetically until, suddenly, it's over beast is dead.
95) 11) dialog: Where is your sense of shame? You mingle with... the liars?
98) 0) text: The top-level human agents are clustered in the lobby, th guns drawn, all of them aiming at the Prince and his drooling bodyguards. Standoff. As Hellboy and the team arrive, Abe sees the Princess, he arms tied. Her brother holds her by the hair.
98) 4) dialog: I'll kill you all, if that's what you want.
98) 6) dialog: You challenge-me?
98) 13) dialog: Your weapon of choice?
98) 24) dialog: (showing off the Princess) If you want to see her again, you'll give me what's rightfully mine. Many people died for that crown. Bring it to me. He and his trolls escape into the night.
100) 0) text: Liz rummages in the Princess' quarters, throwing bedding around, opening drawers. 133
104) 0) text: Abe stands at a lectern. Behind him, a projected image of the Princess' map from the troll market. His finger trace the strange, elvish text.
110) 3) dialog: Maybe this will help you remember who we are, who you are... What our destiny is- The Prince pushes his sister through a low doorway, out o
110) 6) dialog: They - they - will be mine to command, whether you like it or not. Only after our victory will you appreciate my sacrifice... and yours.
120) 19) dialog: As a boy, they say I enjoyed toy soldiers. So do you, I see. He strolls past the mechanical figures, pausing to kick aside some of the weapons.
120) 20) dialog: (to Hellboy) You're bleeding. Most unfortunate. Hellboy wipes at his oozing chest wound.
120) 22) dialog: Do you envy these contraptions? They never bleed. They feel nothing. Not even the zest of combat. The Prince circles them, keeping an eye on Johann.
120) 23) dialog: These fighting men are the very model of patience... merely awaiting word from their lawful commander.
120) 25) dialog: You have the remaining piece, I presume.
120) 27) dialog: (SURPRISED)
120) 28) text: Then you are most foolish. He gestures to some troll GUARDS near a tunnel entrance. They lead the Princess out in chains.
120) 29) dialog: You came here expecting what? Mercy?
120) 42) text: What would you do if it was Liz?? CLICK! The Prince fits the gold parts together and places the resulting crown on his head!
120) 43) dialog: I am Prince Nuada and I command my army to life once more. Does anyone dispute my right? With the deep sound of gears, ratchets and springs, the a comes to life. Up comes the lances and shields.
120) 44) dialog: (points at the team) Kill them. Abe is now aghast, seeing the Prince drag his sister back
120) 65) dialog: A challenge from you? A nobody?? You are no one.
120) 72) dialog: Very well. (to the BPRD team) May his fate show you the cost of pride and blindness. As the hall rings with their first blows of their swords-
120) 76) dialog: No. You have not-
120) 85) dialog: (to Hellboy) You... think you're any different from me? The humans - they will tire of you. They will disappoint you. And in the end, they will betray you. You... are living a lie. Your time will come again. May you make a better choice. Then, he, too, is dead. Both him and his sister turn to fine, pale dust. And the wind carries away the ashes from Abe's hands... Shaken, Hellboy lifts the crown from the Prince's head. Looks at it carefully, as if considering the possibilitie Suddenly, he rips it into pieces. As he crushes the first segement... . an entire division of the golden army collapses into a heap of scrap metal! Hellboy does the same with a second section of the crown another massive division of the army tumbles into junk! HB is about the tear up the last segment of the crown, wh it explodes in his hands! WHUMP! The last of the army disintegrates. Hellboy confronts the Prince's frightened troll guards: