2) 0) text: Arun and his broker Rakesh open the door of a disused apartment. Arun is around 35, a thoughtful looking man, attractive in a bookish, serious sort of way. Rakesh tries a couple of light switches but nothing comes on. There’s a little light from the fading sun. Rakesh, a weasly 23 year old umbilically attached to his cell phone, tries to push open a window which is firmly stuck, while talking into his phone cradled between his ear and shoulder.
5) 0) text: Its a modest sized, interesting gallery, opening the new works of T. Arun; paintings, etchings and some small installations. Well heeled so-called art lovers mingle, as wine, champagne and hors d’oeuvres do the rounds. Press photographers take pictures. Shai is being introduced to some people by her mother Pravin, while Pesi talks to a serious looking man. Later Shai looks at the works. The installations, which have an Escher-esque construction about them, are made from what seems like scrap and waste materials. Shai looks around, a bit fidgety, observing all the different kinds of people there. Arun walks in. She sees him and keeps looking at him, finding him attractive.
5) 5) text: Well, there’s not much to say, I think. This is my most transparent work. Its my tribute to the people from Rajasthan, Tamil Nadu, Bihar, U.P. and elsewhere who build this city in the hope that someday they will find a rightful place in it. So, to Bombay, my muse, my whore, my beloved... He raises his glass as a toast, the crowd raises their glasses in a ‘salut’, and Arun knocks back his drink and hurries into the crowd. Then there’s clapping and bravo’s. Shai and Pesi also clap and the party is resumed. Pesi looks about him animatedly, as if for a victim.
5) 12) text: Arun, I am Miraj Husain from the Indian Council for Art. I’ve been talking to Vatsala about taking some works of yours for a group show to Munich, Brussels, London and Madrid. Arun nods, a little high and wanting to escape. Mona drifts away, bored.
5) 16) dialog: You have no idea! Bless Pesi. Arun.
5) 18) dialog: So are you an artist too?
5) 20) dialog: Means what? Something to do with money right?
5) 22) dialog: Here in Bombay?
5) 24) dialog: Oh. Why?
5) 26) dialog: And you’re planning on getting that in Bombay!
5) 28) dialog: Cool. I could do with a holiday too.
5) 30) dialog: Accha... means what?
5) 32) dialog: Now my show is truly open! Cheers! They toast and drink together.
7) 2) dialog: 
7) 4) dialog: An hour or two. (an awkward pause) Tea?
7) 6) dialog: (interrupting) Its fine. Arun goes to the kitchen and she follows. He puts on the electric kettle and rummages in the cupboard for a cup.
7) 8) dialog: Milk and sugar?
7) 10) dialog: Yeah.
7) 12) dialog: No, in Wellington. Its in Tamil Nadu.
7) 14) dialog: No, I’m moving house.
7) 16) dialog: Lease has run out.
7) 18) dialog: Yeah.
7) 20) dialog: No. Been here eight years now. They sit in silence for a while.
7) 22) dialog: No.
7) 24) dialog: Well, actually... Shai, I’m sorry about last night. I was so drunk, and... Shai is taken aback.
7) 26) dialog: No, actually I’m a quite a loner, I keep to myself and I don’t normally... 13 15.
7) 28) dialog: No what I mean is, I’m not the “relationship” type at all, so I’m sorry if I somehow led you to believe it was something more long...
7) 30) dialog: Look, Shai I’m sorry..
7) 32) dialog: No, Shai I...
7) 34) dialog: Shai! She stops and turns around. They look at each other. Arun looks distraught. She relents.
7) 36) dialog: Munna. Aao. Munna walks in, opens the bundle and carefully places the washed and ironed clothes on the one available clear surface.
7) 38) dialog: (distracted, thinking) Huh?.. Er haan... Oh nahin, Munna main kuch din mein ghar badli kar raha hoon. Vahan aayega na?
12) 0) text: Arun has finished unpacking. The apartment has been freshly painted. All the furniture is gone barring a large dining table in the corner, on which Arun has put his computer and lots of books. Siddheswari Devi is singing thumri on his computer. In the drawing room there are two hooks for fans, but only one has a fan. There’s a stack of cartons that he carries around looking for a loft. He finds one, pulls a stool and tries to open it. Its stuck fast. He gets a screwdriver and hammer and chips it open. In the light of his torch he finds a couple of broken pieces of furniture and a small cloth potli. These he throws on the ground, and stuffs the cartons in. He sits at the table and opens the cloth potli. In it there’s a photograph of a girl (16) and boy (10) with an old lady, all smiling in a studio against a background of a garden with tulips. There’s also an old surme daani, a ring on a chain and three DV tapes. The tapes have written on their spine - Pehli Chitthi, Doosri Chitthi and Teesri Chitthi, along with Yasmin Noor on each.
14) 0) text: Arun is on the phone. The flat looks like its in order.
14) 1) dialog: Rakesh, yeh jo koi pehle rehte the na yahan, unka kuch saaman reh gaya... kuch tapes, ek anguthi... nahin chandi ki... kyun, makaan malik ko de do na... accha voh log poochenge to?... Theek hai yaar, phenk deta hoon. Par baad mein maangna mat... chalo. He disconnects, then looks around and walks to the window. 23 23. In the flat across from his the lady is cooking dinner. The TV seems to be on there, and a young boy runs in with another boy, talks to her and runs out. On the other side, he sees a building under construction (which is where Selva works). There is a big light on and workers are still working. He looks around at his new space. He picks up his drawing book and sketches a bit of the view from his window/doodles, then gets up, stretches and looks around. He sees the stuff from the potli on the table. He picks up the photo and looks at it. There’s a great warmth in the faces bathed in clear light. He picks up the tape and looks at the cover, turning it around in his hand.
19) 0) text: We see Arun sitting there with the camera connected to the TV, looking amazed. He turns off the TV and looks around him. The same room, the same dining table. He realizes that Yasmin lived in this very house. He is intrigued by that, and starts thinking about it.
22) 0) text: Arun wakes up with a crick in his neck. He had fallen asleep watching the video, the TV is still on and he has the remote in his lap. Daylight streams into the flat. He gets up, stretches and goes over to the window. He can see the same lady in the flat opposite, except her son is almost a teenager now. The lady is instructing the maid now, and she has henna in her hair. Its a Sunday morning, and things are relaxed. Arun looks radiant, charged in a way. He turns to the TV thoughtfully, looking at the house with new eyes. Then he puts the kettle on for tea. INT. SHAI’S APARTMENT - DAY 32 Shai is holding up her shirt which had the stain. Its a spotless white, as good as new. She turns and smiles. Munna avoids her gaze, but one can tell he’s pleased.
24) 0) text: Arun is sitting in front of the TV, watching the tapes. EXT. ARUN’S BUILDING - NIGHT 35 Shai and Pesi are sitting in Shai’s car, and Pesi is trying to roll a joint.
25) 0) text: Shai dreams of Arun. The sequence is abstract, with visuals of their lovemaking, reading a book together , Shai tracing his backbone, all layered on with paint. A visual collage.
28) 0) text: Arun is watching the tape and looks like he hasn’t moved from where he was for the past few days. INT. YASMIN’S FLAT LANDING - DAY (D.V. FOOTAGE) 42 Yasmin is filming the lady in the flat next to hers, an old lady who doesn’t speak or appear to move, who sits with her chair facing the door.
29) 0) text: Arun’s cell phone rings. Arun picks up the phone.
29) 1) dialog: Hi Vatsala. 39.
29) 3) dialog: What do you mean? Fourth floor. Why?
29) 5) dialog: Ya, why?
29) 7) dialog: No, V, I just haven’t had the time... I meant to but... The bell rings, and Arun jumps with a start and turns off the tape in a hurry. He opens the door to Vatsala as she says,
29) 9) dialog: No, no, mad or what.
29) 11) dialog: Some stuff.
29) 13) dialog: I’m not being cagey. Its just some... research material. 44 40. Vatsala walks over and picks up a tape and starts reading the spine.
29) 15) dialog: Stop it V, give it back!
30) 0) text: Vatsala and Arun wait as their order comes. Arun is in his own world, folding his serviette into neat triangles.
30) 2) dialog: Ya. Never been better.
30) 4) dialog: Oh Shai. She’s... I don’t know, a banker or something.
30) 6) dialog: This is much easier to do with paper.
30) 8) dialog: Why did you come?
30) 10) dialog: So will I get to go?
30) 12) dialog: Almost six. And he places a napkin-airplane in front of her. INT. SHAI’S APARTMENT - DAY 45 Munna is looking at prints of pictures that Shai has taken. Shai is looking at him and his reactions. He is looking at the pictures very carefully.
32) 0) text: Cut to the TV on which the footage is playing. Arun presses stop, making a sort of postcard image of the place and begins to pace excitedly around the room. He takes out a piece of paper and begins to draw on it. His phone rings, but he ignores it. He rewinds and watches the section again.
33) 0) text: Shai is watching Arun through her camera lens from a vantage point of a building terrace opposite. She trains her lens at him, watching as he watches Yasmin on his TV, sometimes going very close to the TV screen, his expressions, him pouring himself a drink, smoking a cigarette... We see Selva and a few others, skulking about behind her, trying to see what she’s doing, but she turns to look at them, and they shuffle off. Her phone rings.
39) 0) text: Arun takes out the tape that says “Doosri Chitthi”, puts it on and settles down to watch with a pad and a pen.
41) 0) text: Arun pauses the tape and thinks. EXT. ARUN’S BUILDING - DAY 57 Arun has cornered the building watchman.
41) 2) dialog: Accha to Latabai naam ki kaamwali ko pehchante hai aap? The watchman looks doubtful.
41) 4) dialog: Aap pata karo, theek hai? Yehi building kaam karti thi vo. Okay? He searches in his pocket, and finds two ten rupee notes and gives the watchman both. The watchman nods. It starts to rain, and Arun ducks back into the building. 58 59 60 51.
42) 0) text: Arun is getting his house keys out when he sees the lady with the perpetual blank stare next door looking at him. He smiles at her and nods a hello, but she is just vacant. He feels a bit disturbed by this and hurries into his flat.
47) 0) text: Arun stands at the window, watching the rain, listening to Siddheswari Devi, the rain is coming in but he doesn’t mind. He paints as the music plays and it pours outside. He looks happy, content. INT. SHAI’S APARTMENT - NIGHT 66 Shai comes out of the shower, all washed and clean. She turns on the A/C. Her windows are shut, and the rain pours down the panes, which cloud up. She looks at herself in the mirror as she brushes her hair. Then she gets in bed and turns out the light. 67 68 69 56.
48) 0) text: A dream-like recollection of love making between Shai and Arun, similar to the earlier collage.
53) 0) text: Shai is hurriedly walking along the street towards the Edulji building opposite Arun’s with her camera equipment, wearing big shades, when she suddenly spots Arun walk down towards his building. She ducks her head and tries to hurry into the Edulji building, trying to look. the other way, panicking that he might see her. And he does.
53) 1) dialog: Shai? Hey, Shai! She stops and turns, and feigns surprise at seeing him. He crosses the road and comes up to her. He points to They are str They laugh, go first. They look at reluctant to 61. ARUN (CONT’D) Hil...
53) 3) dialog: Nice to see you again! How’ve you been?
53) 5) dialog: I’m good, very good. Moved house, working on a new project.. Really good. I live right here in fact.
53) 7) dialog: You going to shoot here or something?
53) 9) dialog: Oh, that’s cool. uck by awkward silence. Then together..
53) 11) dialog: Why don’t you... and it’s more relaxed. He gestures that she
53) 13) dialog: Okay. Cool. It was nice seeing you. each other. She nods and smiles, still leave. They smile. 75 INT. Shai much with Shai Shai 62. ARUN (CONT’D) Do want to have a coffee before you go? Do you have the time?
53) 15) dialog: Do you want to come up to my house?
53) 18) dialog: So. How’s the ‘sabbatical’ been going?! smiles at the reminiscence.
53) 20) dialog: Been seeing a lot of the city?
53) 22) dialog: Have you been to Mohammed Ali road and those parts yet? shakes her head. ARUN (CONT’D) (excited) You must go. And Haji Ali? And these mill areas? Actually there’s so much to see in Bombay.
53) 24) dialog: Yeah, one needs a guide... Arun grins. Silence. He relaxes. Shai, laughs. 63.
53) 26) dialog: Yeah. Well kind of. I have this... something I’m kind of excited about.
53) 28) dialog: Listen Shai. I really want to apologize for being an asshole the last time round.
53) 30) dialog: Phew! Thanks, I was feeling so shitty for ages after that day, thinking, you know, I hurt your feelings and all that!
53) 32) dialog: That’s just me at my best. Pissing everyone off. I have a way with that. And when I’m drunk I do all kinds of random things! Its really embarrassing.
53) 34) dialog: Apart from the headstand you mean?! 76 77 718 64. The doorbell rings. Arun’s laughing as he opens it to Munna. Munna sees Shai cosy on the sofa and Arun all laughing and goes still. Shai freezes, looking almost guilty. ARUN (CONT’D) Munna! Kya haal hai yaar. (taking the clothes Aaj kapde nahin hai, kal aana, okay? Chal. He shuts the door.
55) 0) text: Shai is still frozen, feeling like she was caught out. Arun hasn’t noticed.
55) 1) dialog: So? What else did you do that I shouldn’t remember? Shai smiles a tight smile. She looks at her watch.
55) 3) dialog: So soon? Oh okay... See you. Show me your pictures sometime. I’m curious to know what kind of stuff you shoot. Shai smiles and hurries out the door.
59) 0) text: Arun is painting and he gets stuck for ideas at a point. He stares at the canvas for a long while. Then he suddenly remembers Yasmin’s chain. He puts down his brush and gets out the chain and the ring. He gently examines the ring, turning it round in the light. It is a delicate pearl set in silver which has become tarnished. Arun smells it, looks at it, then tries it on one of his fingers. It doesn’t fit any. He takes the ring and chain into the bathroom and puts them into a mug of soapy water. Then he uses his toothbrush to clean them.
60) 0) text: Arun is wandering around the beach in the afternoon, the drumbeats playing in his head. His beard has grown. He walks around, observing, and we see a chain around his neck. It is Yasmin’s chain with the ring on it. He takes off his shoes and wiggles his toes in the sand. He draws some squiggles in the sand which get washed away. He looks happy.
61) 0) text: It’s time for Iftari and Shai and Munna are walking along (Shai, for a change in a salwar kameez), through groups of people eating and shopping. Shai is taking lots of pictures, and is very excited. 84 85 86 87 67. She chooses the kebabs and other popular dishes, and Munna insists on paying for everything. He is very protective of her, as well as explains things to her. They don’t notice Arun, who is also among the crowd, looking around.
64) 0) text: It rains outside while Arun is painting. In the background Yasmin is walking to and around Haji Ali. He is doing a big canvas, and he seems completely absorbed, stopping from time to time to drink tea and watch the tape.
67) 0) text: We see a segment where Yasmin has bought herself a birthday cake, and has lit candles on it. She places it in front of the camera, cuts a piece and smilingly feeds it to the camera (her brother). Arun pauses the tape and comes very close to the TV as if to eat the cake. INT. SHAI’S APARTMENT (DARK ROOM) - LATER - NIGHT Shai is in her darkroom, showing Munna how she makes prints. He is fascinated by her, and she knows it. INT. SHAI’S APARTMENT (BALCONY) - LATER - NIGHT Later she brings a bottle of single malt and two glasses. She offers him one, he refuses, she presses him so he takes one and takes a sip. It tastes ugly to him, and she is vastly amused. She is mildly flirtatious in her manner. Later she has fallen asleep. Munna comes very close to her and looks at her face as she sleeps. He bends over as if he’s kissing her lips, seeing what it would be like if he did. Then very quietly he gets up and leaves.
69) 0) text: Arun takes out the tape that says “Teesri Chitthi”. He rubs his hands in anticipation and puts the tape in. He settles down to watch.
75) 0) text: Arun picks up a pad and pencil and settles down to watch the tape. The tape plays.
77) 0) text: Arun’s phone rings.
77) 1) dialog: Hi V... yes, its going well... I’m not sure but maybe in a month or two?... no, I can’t be done faster than that... listen, Vatsala, I... No I don’t know... listen, I can’t work to these deadlines anymore, okay? I can’t. I’1l1 let you know when I’m done and you can come and take these, okay? Till then please quit hassling me! He hangs up and throws his phone onto the sofa. He takes a deep breath. The phone begins to ring again. He disconnects the call. Again it rings and he gets really mad. He takes the call, and as he hears Vatsala say “hello? hello?” at the other end, he drops the phone into the toilet and pulls the flush on it. He watches the phone drown with satisfaction. Then he goes to the kitchen and puts on the kettle for tea.
81) 0) text: Arun is painting as the tape is playing. There’s snow on the screen as it seems the recorded portion is over, and Arun has just left it to run to the end. Suddenly an image appears on the screen. Arun turns to it surprised, and comes closer to it to see. Yasmin has put the camera on the table and she goes to sit in front of it. She looks depressed and smiles sadly.
83) 0) text: Arun is weirded out. He rewinds and watches the segment again. His expression changes when he realizes what she is trying to say. He gets up, panicky almost, and paces around. Then he calls Rakesh.
83) 2) dialog: Rakesh, yahan ka maalik kahan rehta hai? Kya naam hai uska?
83) 4) dialog: Patil nahin. Usne kisi se kharida tha. Uska naam kya hai?
83) 6) dialog: Pata karo. Jaldi Rakesh.
83) 8) dialog: Rakesh, time nahin hai! Jaldi pata karo!
86) 2) dialog: Kahan milega voh?
86) 4) dialog: Arre unki biwi hai, Yasmin, usse milna hai. Address chahiye unka.
86) 6) dialog: Arre kuch to idea hoga! Aaj kal flat lene ke liye full paperwork karna padta hai! Koi contract to hoga?
86) 8) dialog: Rakesh yeh bohot important hai! Kisi tarah pata karo!
91) 0) text: Arun is sitting by the sea as the first light of day breaks. In his hand he holds Yasmin’s chain with the ring which he had worn earlier. 119 120 121 122 123 124 82. He fingers the ring, looks at it with affection, brings it briefly to his lips and then throws it into the sea. Then suddenly, as he watches it sink, he changes his mind. He scrambles over the rocks and runs to get it back. He gets into the water. Its murky and cold. He swims around under water until he finally sees it sinking, and in the nick of time manages to catch it.
92) 0) text: A wet Arun walks back home through the stirring city, again wearing the chain.
97) 0) text: Shai is walking through the narrow lane of the slum looking for Munna. People look curiously at her. 127 INT. ARUN’S NEW APARTMENT - DAY 127 Arun is standing in his empty new apartment. He goes over to a bubble-wrapped canvas and tears it open. It is his Yasmin work. He takes it out and puts it up on the blank wall and looks at it.
99) 0) text: Shai stands facing Arun’s flat, undecided about ringing the doorbell. She is carrying a packet in her hands which has his shirt in it. She rings the bell and waits. No answer. Then she notices that the door has a lock on it. She walks over to the silent lady, who is looking vacant as usual. She smiles and approaches her.
103) 0) text: Vatsala and Arun are in a line at the check-in counter at the international airport. Arun is looking thoughtful. He turns to Vatsala.
103) 1) dialog: Hey V, I’m sorry I can’t come.
103) 3) dialog: I have to go.
103) 5) dialog: To Malihabad.
103) 7) dialog: Its in U.P. Its a place famous for mangoes.