0) 2) dialog: Ji paanch mahine ho gaye. Phir bhi sab naya hi lagta hai!
0) 4) dialog: Malihabad, U.P.
0) 6) dialog: Haan. Ja chuke hain vahan. Cabbie nods, looking pleased. The camera pans to the window, and the girl opens it, letting a spray of water onto the lens. She shoots the street, pedestrians with umbrellas trying to cross the road between cars, the churning grey sea. The camera work is amateur. We catch a glimpse of the girl in the rear view, not enough to see her clearly. They pass Girgaum Chowpatty. GIRL (0.C.) (CONT’D) (into camera mike in a whispered voice) Dekho Imran, yehi voh mashoor Chowpatty hai Marine Drive par. Har din yahan bohot log aate hain - bhel puri khane, pav bhaji khane. Mere khayal mein zyadatar log yahan ki khuli hawa khane aate hain, jiski badi kami mehsoos hoti hai! (pause) Samundar ki hawa kitni alag hai. Lagta hai isme logon ke armaanon ki mehek mili hui hai.. Some street kid comes up to her at the street light.
7) 0) text: The digital camera is shooting the world waking up outside an apartment window. A big gulmohar tree covers half the window and there is activity on the street below - the milk vans, people on their way to work. The camera zooms in to a window in the building opposite, where a woman in her nightie hurries to get breakfast and tiffins ready in a kitchen. The pressure cooker whistle goes off in a cloud of steam, and she stirs something in a pan as she pours out tea into cups. Her husband, in a dhoti with the morning paper, comes in and gets his tea, and they exchange some inaudible words. Over these images we hear the same Girl’s voice, whispered.
7) 1) dialog: Subah subah itni jaldi rehti hai sabko.. jaise din sirf chaar chand ghante ki ho! Dekho kitni jaldi salan banati hai yeh. Lagta hai ki speed ke marks milte hain yahan! Phir zayke ka kya? Kaun jane.. Humare yahan bhi ek ‘Bai’ aati hai - yahan kaam kaaj wali ko Bai bulate hain. Haay, kya speed hai uske! Jhat se bartan, kapde, saphai, sab khatam! Do minute zyada nahin thehregi! Humari Zubeda khala se itni alag, voh to peeche pad jaati thi ki aao baalon mein tel daal doon, zara sa maalish kar doon! Bechari. Kaisi hai voh? Use mera salaam kehna. INT. ARUN’S APARTMENT - DAY 11 Its late morning. Shai opens her eyes looking up at an unfamiliar fan, naked under a sheet. She hears sounds from the kitchen. She shuts her eyes and smiles, snuggling back into the pillow. INT. ARUN’S APARTMENT - LATER 12 Arun is standing at his window drinking tea, fully bathed and dressed, looking out onto a noisy Bombay day. 12. His apartment is small, and in a mess. Cartons lie around, and things look makeshift. There is an empty whisky bottle on the floor, and two glasses. Arun looks worried. He turns around when he hears a click of a camera. Shai is in the room in an oversize man’s shirt over the pants/skirt she had been wearing to the art opening. She has her camera in her hand.
8) 1) dialog: (whispering) Yeh Gateway of India. Sabse mashoor jagah hai, bombay mein. The man finishes his call and walks up to her. 17.
8) 3) dialog: Chaliye... Ek minute! Ek photo to le lein ek saath, Imran bahut khush hoga.
8) 6) dialog: Bhaiyya humara photo lenge?
8) 8) dialog: Bas humare taraf karo. Dikhai dete hain hum? We see a pretty young girl, 22, run over to the Man and pose next to him.
10) 1) dialog: (softly) Yahan ki baarish bilkul alag hai. Na kabhi kum hoti hai, na rukne ka naam leti hai, bas girti jaati hai. Sshhhhhh.... Raat ko iski awaaz jaisi lori ho, jo hume gher leti hai apne seene mein. Bagal vaalon ki TV bhi nahin sunai deti! Par mujhe bura lagta hai Bai ke liye, jiska saara ghar paani se bhar jaata hai. Kehti hai use ek ek mug paani utha utha kar bahar phenkna padta hai... After a moment the camera catches a familiar car pulling up by the curb. GIRL (0.C.) (CONT’D) (softly) Ab main chali, lagta hai voh aa gaye. Khaana garam karna hai aur roti banani hai. Aaj maine chukander gosht banai hai, jo ammi ne sikhai thi! Dekhte hain unhein pasand aata hai ya nahin. (MORE)
12) 0) text: Arun has finished unpacking. The apartment has been freshly painted. All the furniture is gone barring a large dining table in the corner, on which Arun has put his computer and lots of books. Siddheswari Devi is singing thumri on his computer. In the drawing room there are two hooks for fans, but only one has a fan. There’s a stack of cartons that he carries around looking for a loft. He finds one, pulls a stool and tries to open it. Its stuck fast. He gets a screwdriver and hammer and chips it open. In the light of his torch he finds a couple of broken pieces of furniture and a small cloth potli. These he throws on the ground, and stuffs the cartons in. He sits at the table and opens the cloth potli. In it there’s a photograph of a girl (16) and boy (10) with an old lady, all smiling in a studio against a background of a garden with tulips. There’s also an old surme daani, a ring on a chain and three DV tapes. The tapes have written on their spine - Pehli Chitthi, Doosri Chitthi and Teesri Chitthi, along with Yasmin Noor on each.
15) 0) text: Munna stands in the foyer of a theatre with two smartly dressed girls. He is wearing the cool striped shirt we saw him hold up earlier, and is toying with his cell phone, trying to look casual. Salim comes up to them balancing two bags of popcorn and a coke.
15) 3) dialog: (to Munna) Toh kaun se college mein padte ho?
17) 1) dialog: Yeh on ho gaya hai kya?
17) 3) dialog: Arre vah! (giggling) Kuch kahiye na! Aap ka photoo le rahi hoon!
17) 5) dialog: Bas hasiye!... yeh to bahot accha hai! (pans around the room, goes to the dressing table mirror and we see her, the same Girl as in the photograph) Bilkul badhiya hai! Par ek baat bataiye, yeh hum Imran ko bhejenge kaise? Hum to photo bhejna chah rahe the, hum dono ki. The man is deep in thought, not really listening, leafing through his book. GIRL (0.C.) (CONT’D) Yeh tape dekh sakenge voh, apni TV pe?
18) 0) text: Static and drop outs. Comes on again with the girl walking to the sofa after putting the camera on, and this time she is looking very pretty, all dressed up and very excited.
18) 1) dialog: Salaam aleikum, Imran bhai! Sab khairiyat? (MORE)
18) 3) dialog: Humne kaha tha na, hum apni photo bhejenge? Par humare paas camera nahin hai, to unhone yeh video vali dilai. To humne socha hum yehi bhej denge, aap apne TV pe dekh lena! Ammi aur Abbajaan ko bhi dikhana!.. Main kaisi lag rahi hoon? Bilkul vaisi na? Bombay ne ab tak to badla nahin mujhe, main vahi Yasmin hoon!.. Ab to aapke exams shuru hone wale hain do hafton mein. Khoob padhna, bhaijaan, phir acche nambar paakar idhar aajana. Aap itne saalon se Bombay aana chahte the. Ab main hoon yahan, khoob mazaa karenge! Bhel puri khayenge, Juhu beach jayenge!.. Main soch rahi thi ki main isi video se aapko thoda Bombay ki sair karati hoon! Kyun, hai na accha idea? (the doorbell rings) Accha abhi ke liye khuda haafiz! She goes over and switches it off. Static.
31) 0) text: The digital camera is on in a crowded market (Crawford/Mohammed Ali Road/ Null Bazaar), where bulbs hang outside street stalls piled high with dried fruit, clothes, ‘farsan’, and then bangles. The camera stops at the bangle seller, and attempts to get through the thick of girls trying on the discs of colour. She finally reaches the front, and we see the spread of designs and colours. The bangle seller is not the very patient kind.
37) 0) text: Munna rings a doorbell. Shai looks at Munna as they wait. He is still irritated by the impertinence of the lift man. The door is opened by a young girl, who looks surprised to see Shai. She puts her hands out to take the clothes.
62) 0) text: Shai and Munna are walking towards the theatre. Salim and a girl are standing close to the entrance. Munna rolls his eyes, thinking “Shit, what’s he doing here”.