2) 6) dialog: Amma, jab main exam mein fail ho gaya na, aap Salim aur Munna ki class lena, mera nahin!
87) 0) text: Munna sits in the deserted dhobi ghat, by the light of the moon and some street tube light, and stares blankly. His eyes are dark hollows, and the freshly washed white sheets are luminous and fluorescent. A young man comes running in and sees Munna and stops. Munna looks up at him. Its Salim’s younger brother, Karim. He looks at Munna and begins to cry ina bloodcurdling, desperate way. Munna realizes that something is very wrong. 114 115 116 117 118 81. INT. SALIM’S SLUM ROOM - SAME NIGHT 114 Salim lies on the floor of his hut, partially covered by a bloody sheet. Several people sit inside and out, or stand around. Among them is a thickset middle-aged man, powerful looking, with some henchman behind him. He sits prominently in the centre of the room on the only chair there. Salim’s mother sits at his head, dry eyed and numb. Munna enters with Karim, and the Bhai looks up at them. The crowd parts as they enter, and the bhai stretches his arms out to Karim, who stiffly goes and gets hugged by him. Munna goes beserk, crying and raging at the same time, and takes his rat-lathi which he’s carrying and attacks the Bhai, cracking the lathi on his head. The Bhai manages to miss the blow to the head but gets hit in his shoulder. Mayhem breaks out as the Bhai’s men intervene and pull Munna away, throw him to the floor and kick and hit him. Munna is sobbing by now, allowing them to hit him. The Bhai pulls his men off and they all leave. Salim’s mother’s face crumples and she cries noiselessly into Munna’s shoulder as he lies there crying, and Karim comes and sits next to them helplessly.
90) 0) text: Munna, Karim and a few others are at Salim’s grave. A maulvi says the prayer, and the group stands around the grave with their eyes downcast. Karim is looking calm, and he stands close to Munna, who also looks calm.
95) 0) text: Munna, Karim and his mother are in a taxi. The carrier on top and the boot are loaded with things. Munna sits at the back with the other two, looking numb. In front sits a weasley looking man, talking on his cell phone, evidently one of the Bhai’s men.