2) 3) dialog: Yaar, kya actor hai, yaar! Main usse milna chahta hoon..
2) 5) dialog: Chal! Chootiya...
2) 7) dialog: (mock serious) Theek kaha. Salim chup kar na yaar. Paanchvi fail! Tu dekh, saale, apna Karim padh likh kar ekdum top class gentleman banega, maloom kya? Hai na Karim? Eh Karim, bol na! Correct na? Karim gives him a glare. Munna gets up to go with a grin and wink.
2) 9) dialog: Tere jaisa kaam nahi karna hai! Chor saala! Mera hi kaam accha hai, kyun khala? He brandishes a heavy stick, with a metal tip at the end, grinning. Khala doesn’t react, she’s used to this kind of banter. Munna playfully pokes his stick in Salim’s ribs, and Salim throws it off.
2) 10) text: Chhi! Hut saale! Munna leaves grinning.
3) 0) text: Munna crosses the rail tracks.
4) 0) text: Munna darts across the road and a car swerves to avoid him causing a little confusion. Munna continues to walk, and the driver swears under his breath. We cut inside the car to Shai, 29, very attractive and stylish, and Pesi (32). The windows are up and Shirley Bassey is on the stereo.
6) 0) text: Munna walks along the tracks with a bucket of water in his hand. He has a towel and a soap in the other. His clothes have patches of brown dried blood on them, and he looks sleepy but not exhausted. Its probably 4 a.m. There are lights on in some of the rooms of the slum, as people rise early for their jobs. He gets to an area beyond the slum, and we see some huddled shapes in the semi darkness doing their morning jobs. A drunk is lying with his head on the tracks. Munna puts his bucket down, drags the drunk to a safer spot ten feet away, who mutters irritably, and then carries on. He puts his bucket down at a point, takes off his dirty clothes and begins to splash the cold water on himself, his teeth chattering, muttering some song words to himself. Soaping himself all over, he washes his hair, then later sits in his towel with a lota to do his morning job. As he heads back, clean and sated, the grey dawn breaks and smoke curls out of the shanties. 10 11 12 11. INT. MUNNA’S ROOM - MORNING 9 The trains begin their rumble past Munna as he lies down on his sheet inside his slum room (where another young boy is sleeping), and falls asleep.
7) 37) dialog: Saab kapde?.. Saab?
7) 39) dialog: Haan kyun nahin, saab. Aap address likh ke do, main dhoond lega. Arun smiles at him with affection.
9) 2) dialog: Main, dhobi.
9) 4) dialog: Barah kapde the. Gin lijiye. Shai begins to count them (Arun’s shirt is among them) when she sees her white art opening shirt looking a pale blue. She pulls it out.
9) 6) dialog: Madam uspe bada daag tha, to thoda bleach karna pada..
9) 8) dialog: Dijiye, main theek karke deta hoon.
9) 10) dialog: Madam. Galti ho gayi, main theek kar ke dete hoon. She look at him and realizes that he is feeling hurt, and feels guilty for being so rude. She gives it back to him, and looks at him as if for the first time as he turns to go.
9) 12) dialog: Mun.. er, Zohaib.
11) 0) text: There’s busy activity. Salim is sitting next to where Munna is washing clothes. He is talking on his cell phone, its some kind of property deal. Munna looks through the clothes. Shai’s white one is right on top. He notices a cool striped shirt in the pile. He looks at the size, it seems right, so he puts it aside. He picks up Shai’s shirt and looks at it with concentration.
15) 0) text: Munna stands in the foyer of a theatre with two smartly dressed girls. He is wearing the cool striped shirt we saw him hold up earlier, and is toying with his cell phone, trying to look casual. Salim comes up to them balancing two bags of popcorn and a coke.
15) 4) dialog: Main.. college nahin jata.
15) 7) dialog: Maine.. er, ek picture aayi thi, Sanjay Dutt ke saath, jiska naam... 24 25
15) 10) dialog: Er..hi.
15) 12) dialog: Yehi, “Partner”..
15) 15) dialog: Er.. Meri friend hai re, Shai. They all begin to head in to the movie hall.
16) 0) text: Munna’s eyes follow Shai as she and Pesi find their seats. Salim notices this and smiles. The lights go down.
20) 0) text: Its the late night train from Churchgate to .» Munna and Salim are sitting in an almost empty compartment. Salim is clearly high and emotional.
20) 2) dialog: Accha? Aur Mallika?
20) 4) dialog: Mallika re, Sherawat! Teri favorite!
20) 6) dialog: Arre klayen hai re meri.
20) 8) dialog: Uske ghar mein kapda deta hoon.
20) 10) dialog: Chhod na yaar! Bakwaas karta hai! Munna gets up and walks to the door of the compartment. The city rushes by, in pools of dark and light and neon.
22) 0) text: Arun wakes up with a crick in his neck. He had fallen asleep watching the video, the TV is still on and he has the remote in his lap. Daylight streams into the flat. He gets up, stretches and goes over to the window. He can see the same lady in the flat opposite, except her son is almost a teenager now. The lady is instructing the maid now, and she has henna in her hair. Its a Sunday morning, and things are relaxed. Arun looks radiant, charged in a way. He turns to the TV thoughtfully, looking at the house with new eyes. Then he puts the kettle on for tea. INT. SHAI’S APARTMENT - DAY 32 Shai is holding up her shirt which had the stain. Its a spotless white, as good as new. She turns and smiles. Munna avoids her gaze, but one can tell he’s pleased.
22) 2) dialog: Aap photographer hain? 30.
22) 4) dialog: America chhod ke kyun aai? America yahan se bohot aage hai, na.
22) 6) dialog: Nahin, Bihar. Darbhanga zilla.
22) 8) dialog: Pet bharne, aur kis liye aane ka idhar.
22) 10) dialog: Nahin main akela aaya. Aath saal ka tha. Chacha ke saath rehne aaya.
22) 12) dialog: Nahin, kabhi nahin gaya.
22) 14) dialog: Theek tha. Par khaane ko kam milta tha. Bahut bhook lagti thi, har vaqt bhook. Main jab Bambai aaya, to chacha ne pehle hotel mein kaam dilvaya. Vahan mein khoob khata tha - khana bhi aur thappad bhi! Shai laughs at the joke. Munna is pleased.
22) 16) dialog: Nahin hamare paas zameen nahin hai. Hamara jaat chamaar hai. Shai nods, processing what that means. Munna thinks for a moment and then decides he should ask. MUNNA (CONT’D) Aap mera photo le sakti hain?
22) 18) dialog: Nahin, nahin! Aisa nahin. Aap portfolio photo le sakte hain?
22) 20) dialog: Nahin actor banne ka hai.
22) 22) dialog: Kya cheez?
22) 24) dialog: Kya kaam?
22) 28) dialog: Arre yeh to Arun saab ka hai... Shai looks at Munna in amazement.
22) 30) dialog: Haan.
22) 32) dialog: Haan.
22) 34) dialog: Laiye main de deta hoon...
22) 36) dialog: Haan. Aap mujhe bula sakti hain. Munna grins at her. They are friends. Agnes looks disgusted.
26) 8) dialog: Main chahta tha studio mein karenge, vahi accha rahega.
26) 10) dialog: To kya raste pe lenge? 40 37.
26) 12) dialog: Arre, nahin nahin! Aap please studio mein lo na! Main kharcha bharta hoon!
26) 14) dialog: Bhai hume fresh-vresh nahin chaiye! Aapko lena aata hai ya nahin model photos? Shai is forced to laugh despite her irritation, and she takes out her phone.
27) 3) dialog: Nahin... main T shirt utar doon?
30) 14) dialog: Ab main kya boloon. Mujhe to bohut badhiya laga.
30) 16) dialog: Nahin, aap ka kaam to badhiya hai. (pause) Par aap bhi batao...
30) 18) dialog: Nahin... main aapko kaisa lagta hoon? She looks up at him. 43. MUNNA (CONT’D) Photos mein...
30) 20) dialog: Matlab aapko lagta hai mere liye koi chance hai? Shai hands him the tea.
30) 22) dialog: Yeh aapka bhai hai? Shai nods. MUNNA (CONT’D) Vo bhi America rehta hai? Shai nods. Munna thinks for a long while. MUNNA (CONT’D) Main bhi America jaana chahta hoon. Inshallah main bhi jaoonga ek din.
30) 24) dialog: Inshallah. 46
34) 0) text: Munna is walking along and admiring his pictures. He hums and breaks into a song, singing to his photo as his lover. He is very happy.
35) 0) text: Photographs of Munna washing clothes at the dhobi ghat. The photographs document the whole process of washing (soaking, bleaching, beating on the stone, etc), drying on the lines by the sea, ironing, and the bundles of clothes taken to peoples’ homes. A photo montage, while we also see how Munna is trying to impress Shai, and how she is charmed by this. Shai also talks to some other dhobis who tell her the problems in their trade. 51 52 46.
36) 0) text: In a small, cramped lift in a south Bombay apartment building, Munna, Shai and the dour, bored elevator attendant are heading upwards. Shai is taking pictures of Munna, while the lift man watches curiously. He can’t stop staring at Shai and particularly at her chest. Munna sees him doing this.
36) 1) dialog: Kya dekh raha hai?
36) 3) dialog: Kya dekh raha hai?
36) 5) dialog: Aage dekh, bolta hoon. Camera pehle nahin dekha hai kya?
36) 7) dialog: (standing in front of Shai protectively, threatening tone) Mujhe hai. Tu aage dekh bolta hoon. The lift man looks in front reluctantly, picking his teeth with a pen.
37) 0) text: Munna rings a doorbell. Shai looks at Munna as they wait. He is still irritated by the impertinence of the lift man. The door is opened by a young girl, who looks surprised to see Shai. She puts her hands out to take the clothes.
37) 1) dialog: Madam ko bolo yeh kapde lete hue photo lena chahti hai. 53 47. She leaves the door open and disappears into the flat. A couple of moments later the lady of the house comes to the door. She eyes Munna in a proprietary way and Shai with displeasure. MUNNA (CONT’D) Yeh kapde lene ka photo lena chahti hai.
37) 6) dialog: (brusquely, embarrassed) Bolna aaj main jaldi mein hoon, kal parson aake milta hoon. They leave.
38) 0) text: They stand waiting for the lift. Munna looks up into the lift shaft restlessly, clearly avoiding talking about the lady.
38) 2) dialog: (short laugh, avoiding looking at her) Chodiye use! 48.
43) 0) text: Munna has put away the last bundle for washing the next day. Shai is wrapping up her equipment.
43) 2) dialog: Aapko bhook nahin lagi hai?
44) 2) dialog: (shrugging) Kyun?
44) 4) dialog: Kuch chaar saal se.
44) 6) dialog: Nahin pehle biwi aur ek baccha bhi the. Shai stops eating shocked. 52.
44) 8) dialog: Haan! Kyun? Do saal se voh nahin hain. Divorce ho gaya uska. Bura haal tha thab uska. Darwaza hi nahin kholta tha. Ek din maine bola “kholo darwaza! nahin to police ko bulata hoon!”
44) 10) dialog: Phir usne jaake khola. Maine bola zinda hai shukar hai. Chai banaya uske liye, dono piye, aur main nikal gaya.
44) 12) dialog: Phir kya. Theek ho gaya voh... Aur ek macchi fry mangaoon?
44) 14) dialog: Acchi. Gori. Lambi, Arunbhai se bhi lambi! Shai nods, not particularly happy at the praise. MUNNA (CONT’D) Aapki shaadi nahin hui? Shai laughs and shakes her head. MUNNA (CONT’D) Aur koi boyfriend?
44) 16) dialog: Kya karein. Koi hume acchi nahin lagi. Ab tak. Shai grins, knowing she’s embarrassing him.
44) 18) dialog: Gi! Mil jayeGI!
45) 0) text: Munna is carrying Shai’s camera bag and they are hurrying to her car in the rain. Her driver opens her door for her, and she gets in as Munna stands getting soaked. She tells him to go ahead, but he just stands there smiling at her, watching the car as it leaves.
46) 17) text: INT/EXT MUNNA’S ROOM - NIGHT 64 Munna finds the floor in his room wet with rain coming in from a crack between the tarpaulin and the bamboo matting. He quickly puts a bucket under the leak, then goes outside, gets an old crate, stands on it in the rain and patches up the crack. Then he is back inside in dry clothes, dries his hair and sits at his window for a while. He gets into bed but can’t sleep.
49) 0) text: Munna walks the street looking for something. He has his stick in his hand. Its dark and some dogs bark nearby. A lonely radio plays a song in bhojpuri, its crackly tenor sounding bittersweet. The slum dwellers are asleep, and light from one or two houses partially illuminates the ground. He slowly walks towards a heap of dry waste lying on the ground. He gently moves a sheet of plastic that is covering something and WHAM! He slams his stick down time and again...
51) 0) text: We see Yasmin framed against the beautiful Trimurti in wide shot as Vanitha is filming her. She has thrown back the nagaab of her burkha and is looking up in awe, completely absorbed. Vanitha zooms in to her face. INT. MUNNA’S ROOM - DAY 71 Munna is sitting on the floor, carefully sticking on little stickers on the backs of the portfolio pictures that say “Zohaib Shaikh, 5’10”, Moblie no. 9871412223”. The cat is asleep in a corner and the rain makes a low drumming sound on the roofs. Munna has put a vessel under a leak in his roof. Salim comes in from the rain and slumps down. He is in a rotten mood. Munna notices but decides not to ask. Salim takes out a cigarette, lights it and begins to smoke.
51) 2) dialog: Tune mere pehle ke chaar bhi nahin diye Salim, ab main nahin de sakta.
51) 4) dialog: Kya? Has kyun raha hai?
51) 6) dialog: Ab to vo producer se milvao. Kuch to kar mere liye, Motey!
51) 8) dialog: Chal hut! Munna mock kicks him, and they have a little mock fight.
54) 0) text: Munna is still looking at the shut door, frozen. He turns around slowly, sees the lady-of-perpetual-blankness, and walks down the stairs. He looks shaken up.
56) 0) text: Munna is walking down the street. Shai is running behind him, trying to catch up with him. Finally she does.
56) 2) dialog: Kaam hai.
57) 0) text: Shai is finishing taking pictures of an attar maker in his tiny workshop, while Munna looks on half- territorially, half-admiringly. The man who makes attar has been telling her how his trade has all but closed down with the advent of bottled perfumes, mostly cheap fakes. And how his son has no interest to learn what his ancestors practised. He wants to do a job in marketing. Shai and Munna leave, walking along companionably.
57) 1) dialog: Aap yeh sab kyun kar rahi hai?
57) 3) dialog: Kya dekhna hai? Yeh sab gandi jagahein? America ki sadkein kuch zyada hi saaf the, isiliye! They both laugh.
57) 5) dialog: Haan voh to hai. They walk along companionably. MUNNA (CONT’D) Aap Id ke din humare chachi ke ghar aayenge?
61) 0) text: It’s time for Iftari and Shai and Munna are walking along (Shai, for a change in a salwar kameez), through groups of people eating and shopping. Shai is taking lots of pictures, and is very excited. 84 85 86 87 67. She chooses the kebabs and other popular dishes, and Munna insists on paying for everything. He is very protective of her, as well as explains things to her. They don’t notice Arun, who is also among the crowd, looking around.
62) 0) text: Shai and Munna are walking towards the theatre. Salim and a girl are standing close to the entrance. Munna rolls his eyes, thinking “Shit, what’s he doing here”.
63) 0) text: The movie is under way. Munna seems to be in a battle trying to decide whether he can put his arm on the shared armrest or not. Shai leans closer to ask him what something means/ who some actor is, and he is so aware of her. He finally puts his arm on the armrest and their arms are touching. Shai is unaware, absorbed in the film. Munna is on a cloud of bliss.
66) 0) text: Shai is getting into her car in the rain when she sees Munna hanging behind. She gestures to him to get into the car. He does. INT. SHAI’S APARTMENT - LATER Shai and Munna are in the balcony of her apartment. Shai has rolled herself a joint, a very funny looking one, and she laughs. He is a bit scandalized, but goes along with it, happy to be there. It rains outside.
67) 0) text: We see a segment where Yasmin has bought herself a birthday cake, and has lit candles on it. She places it in front of the camera, cuts a piece and smilingly feeds it to the camera (her brother). Arun pauses the tape and comes very close to the TV as if to eat the cake. INT. SHAI’S APARTMENT (DARK ROOM) - LATER - NIGHT Shai is in her darkroom, showing Munna how she makes prints. He is fascinated by her, and she knows it. INT. SHAI’S APARTMENT (BALCONY) - LATER - NIGHT Later she brings a bottle of single malt and two glasses. She offers him one, he refuses, she presses him so he takes one and takes a sip. It tastes ugly to him, and she is vastly amused. She is mildly flirtatious in her manner. Later she has fallen asleep. Munna comes very close to her and looks at her face as she sleeps. He bends over as if he’s kissing her lips, seeing what it would be like if he did. Then very quietly he gets up and leaves.
72) 0) text: Salim and Munna are walking along the Haji Ali subway. 99 72.
72) 2) dialog: (distracted) Hmmm?
72) 4) dialog: Hut! Chutiya.
72) 6) dialog: Arre tu kahan pahuch gaya!
73) 0) text: Salim is standing near a street corner, talking on the phone, and Munna is beside him. He is directing someone to where he is. A swank Land Rover stops beside him with Pesi driving and Suhana beside him. The back windows are tinted, so Munna can’t see Shai. Shai sees him and stiffens. Suhana’s window goes down and Salim steps up to them. 73.
73) 5) dialog: Main chalta hoon. Kaam pay jana hai.
73) 7) dialog: Nahin yaar, mujhe jaana hai.
78) 0) text: Munna is standing at the window of the flat which looks on to the sea. Mrs. Shah is lying on the bed, resting on one elbow and looking at him. She looks very irritated.
78) 2) dialog: Ab kuch bhi bol rahi hain aap.
79) 0) text: Munna is heading back with Salim, Salim ribbing him about his ‘mashooga’ and Munna is in high spirits. They are walking along the lane, laughing and joking. A weasly looking man steps out of the shadows and stops Salim.
79) 9) dialog: Main bhi chaloon?
85) 0) text: Munna is running, as if he’s scared Shai will run after him. He looks shocked, he’s almost crying.
87) 0) text: Munna sits in the deserted dhobi ghat, by the light of the moon and some street tube light, and stares blankly. His eyes are dark hollows, and the freshly washed white sheets are luminous and fluorescent. A young man comes running in and sees Munna and stops. Munna looks up at him. Its Salim’s younger brother, Karim. He looks at Munna and begins to cry ina bloodcurdling, desperate way. Munna realizes that something is very wrong. 114 115 116 117 118 81. INT. SALIM’S SLUM ROOM - SAME NIGHT 114 Salim lies on the floor of his hut, partially covered by a bloody sheet. Several people sit inside and out, or stand around. Among them is a thickset middle-aged man, powerful looking, with some henchman behind him. He sits prominently in the centre of the room on the only chair there. Salim’s mother sits at his head, dry eyed and numb. Munna enters with Karim, and the Bhai looks up at them. The crowd parts as they enter, and the bhai stretches his arms out to Karim, who stiffly goes and gets hugged by him. Munna goes beserk, crying and raging at the same time, and takes his rat-lathi which he’s carrying and attacks the Bhai, cracking the lathi on his head. The Bhai manages to miss the blow to the head but gets hit in his shoulder. Mayhem breaks out as the Bhai’s men intervene and pull Munna away, throw him to the floor and kick and hit him. Munna is sobbing by now, allowing them to hit him. The Bhai pulls his men off and they all leave. Salim’s mother’s face crumples and she cries noiselessly into Munna’s shoulder as he lies there crying, and Karim comes and sits next to them helplessly.
90) 0) text: Munna, Karim and a few others are at Salim’s grave. A maulvi says the prayer, and the group stands around the grave with their eyes downcast. Karim is looking calm, and he stands close to Munna, who also looks calm.
94) 0) text: Shai is at the dhobi ghat, sitting alone waiting for Munna. Some dhobi comes early and gets surprised to see her. She asks him where Munna is, but he has no idea. INT. MUNNA’S ROOM - DAY 122 Munna is packing his belongings into his trunk. He carefully takes the poster of Salman down and rolls it up.
95) 0) text: Munna, Karim and his mother are in a taxi. The carrier on top and the boot are loaded with things. Munna sits at the back with the other two, looking numb. In front sits a weasley looking man, talking on his cell phone, evidently one of the Bhai’s men.
96) 0) text: Munna and the other two are standing inside an empty 100 square feet flat. They look around themselves, and Amma sinks down to sit on the floor.
96) 1) dialog: Chal Karim, saamaan upar le aate hain. They leave. Amma buries her head in her hands, as some curious kids stand at the door and stare at her.
97) 0) text: Shai is walking through the narrow lane of the slum looking for Munna. People look curiously at her. 127 INT. ARUN’S NEW APARTMENT - DAY 127 Arun is standing in his empty new apartment. He goes over to a bubble-wrapped canvas and tears it open. It is his Yasmin work. He takes it out and puts it up on the blank wall and looks at it.
98) 0) text: Munna sits, looking all smart, in front of a production guy.
98) 2) dialog: Dono gang mein kuchh problem ho gayi. Apna Salim beech mein phas gaya.
98) 4) dialog: Kahan.. Un log to usi raat Salim ko dafna kar, hum log ko idhar Jogeshwari mein ek flat mein fit kiya. Aur police bhi kya karti, aadha waqt hum log hi udhar thane mein baithte. Aslam nods wisely. 129 130 84. MUNNA (CONT’D) Bhai kucch karo na, koi bhi chhota mota role. Kuch bhi. Ab parivar mein main hi hoon.
98) 6) dialog: Haan bhai main karta hoon na. Aap jo bhi bolo.
100) 0) text: Shai wanders in with her camera, remembering the time that Munna had brought her there. Suddenly she spots Munna standing with a group of his old friends, talking. He sees her and breaks into a run, and she gives chase. After a bit of a chase, Munna crashes headlong into a dhobi carrying a whole bundle of clothes who roundly curses him. Munna is knocked to the ground, and Shai reaches and sits next to him out of breath. They look at each other. 131 85.
101) 0) text: Munna and Shai are sitting on the wall looking at the mottled sky.
101) 2) dialog: Apne khala ke saath.
101) 4) dialog: Koi khoon ka rishta nahin hai, voh Salim ki ma hai.
101) 6) dialog: Salim mar gaya. Shai is too shocked to reply. MUNNA (CONT’D) Voh saale bolte hain train ke neeche aakar mar gaya. Kameene saale! Maar dala mere bhai ko. Maar dala. Shai doesn’t know what to do, as he keeps shaking his head in anger. She puts her hand on his arm, and after a few moments he calms down. 132 86.
101) 8) dialog: Haan. Hum dost hain. He turns and looks at her with a strange look in his eyes, mocking himself and her. Then he turns to look out to the setting sun.
101) 10) dialog: Painter saala. Tumhara usspe dil aa gaya na? Shai smiles. MUNNA (CONT’D) Voh gaya hoga apne pehli biwi ke paas. Australia. Pata nahin, dono mein phir se pyaar ho jayega, bachcha bhi hai... Shai looks away.
102) 0) text: Munna and Shai stand facing each other on the busy sidewalk.