4) 0) text: Munna darts across the road and a car swerves to avoid him causing a little confusion. Munna continues to walk, and the driver swears under his breath. We cut inside the car to Shai, 29, very attractive and stylish, and Pesi (32). The windows are up and Shirley Bassey is on the stereo.
4) 2) dialog: Shai, don’t act the NRI now, huh! You've forgotten traffic here or what?
4) 4) dialog: Babe, nothing remotely interesting in Bombay starts before ten, darling. Now I really need to educate you in Bombay etiquette! Shai rolls her eyes in a good humoured way.
5) 0) text: Its a modest sized, interesting gallery, opening the new works of T. Arun; paintings, etchings and some small installations. Well heeled so-called art lovers mingle, as wine, champagne and hors d’oeuvres do the rounds. Press photographers take pictures. Shai is being introduced to some people by her mother Pravin, while Pesi talks to a serious looking man. Later Shai looks at the works. The installations, which have an Escher-esque construction about them, are made from what seems like scrap and waste materials. Shai looks around, a bit fidgety, observing all the different kinds of people there. Arun walks in. She sees him and keeps looking at him, finding him attractive.
5) 1) dialog: Oh there’s Arun! Finally! He can’t even make it in time for his own show! Actually I like this new work, what do you think Jatin? Jatin, carefully weighing his words.
5) 5) text: Well, there’s not much to say, I think. This is my most transparent work. Its my tribute to the people from Rajasthan, Tamil Nadu, Bihar, U.P. and elsewhere who build this city in the hope that someday they will find a rightful place in it. So, to Bombay, my muse, my whore, my beloved... He raises his glass as a toast, the crowd raises their glasses in a ‘salut’, and Arun knocks back his drink and hurries into the crowd. Then there’s clapping and bravo’s. Shai and Pesi also clap and the party is resumed. Pesi looks about him animatedly, as if for a victim.
5) 6) dialog: There’s Feroz. Bastard owes me five lakhs!
5) 8) dialog: Who Feroz?! He’s not in the.. Oh, him. (following her gaze to Arun) He’s strange. Too deep and dark for me, baba!
5) 14) dialog: Hi all! Miraj, you fraud, you were supposed to call me years ago! Miraj makes some sheepish excuses. PESI (CONT’D) Anyway, Arun this is Shai. (winking at her) Enjoy, love! Pesi engages Miraj in conversation, freeing Arun. Arun lets out a huge sigh, smiles at Shai and looks relaxed again.
13) 2) dialog: Babe, please. I can’t deal.
16) 0) text: Munna’s eyes follow Shai as she and Pesi find their seats. Salim notices this and smiles. The lights go down.
24) 0) text: Arun is sitting in front of the TV, watching the tapes. EXT. ARUN’S BUILDING - NIGHT 35 Shai and Pesi are sitting in Shai’s car, and Pesi is trying to roll a joint.
24) 2) dialog: That’s why I do coke! It’s so much easier! And anyway why are we here since you claim that you’re not really into him? 34. Shai slumps back in her seat and sighs deeply.
24) 4) dialog: Ooh a couple of positions you didn’t try?! (Shai glares at him) So go na, up there and ring his doorbell.
24) 6) dialog: Very possible. These artist types get lots of action, huh. Though he’s a bit of a dark horse. And he lives also in this slightly crummy part of town. Shai looks around. There’s a building under construction opposite Arun’s, and it says “Edulji Developments” on the asbestos sheets around the property. Selva walks out and sees them in their parked car.
24) 8) dialog: Really? Well I guess this area is getting posher then. Oh, wait, there he is. Isn’t that him? Shai jerks up, then with a squawk ducks down and watches as Arun walks down the road, lost in his thoughts. PESI (CONT’D) What? What happened?
24) 10) dialog: He’s not that cute also, huh.
24) 12) dialog: What? To that madrasi joint? No thanks, it’s pure veg types, idli saambar and all.
24) 14) dialog: I am, baba. I can’t do all this 007-giri on an empty stomach, huh. A nice steak is in order. I’ve already got the munchies! What say? Come na. Forget this nonsense. I’ll find you a hot parsi boy, ney, bahu saaru, who’ll be Oxford educated and filthy rich, who’ll take you for holidays in Belize and St. Tropez, be a so-so lover but well versed in Nietzsche and opera.... All this as Shai glares at him, and Pesi hands her a lighted joint and drives off into the Bombay night. INT. MUNNA’S ROOM - NIGHT 36 Munna is working out on the mat. He’s doing crunches, lifting dumbbells etc. The night life of the slum colony carries on in the background. His cat comes in, sits and grooms herself.
71) 0) text: Shai, her friend Suhana and Pesi are drinking at the bar of a busting nightclub. They are all a bit high.
71) 3) dialog: While we were all like ‘astronaut’ and ‘doctor’!
71) 5) dialog: Ya, now look at me! Don’t remind me babe, its too depressing.
71) 7) dialog: Thank god at least Shai didn’t become a nun!
71) 11) dialog: Like your that verny painter? Shai rolls her eyes. PESI (CONT’D) Fuck him ya! He was super weird anyway. Listen lets drive to Khandala tonight! The others murmur “what?”, “now?” etc. PESI (CONT’D) Yeah the house is gorgeous now in the rains!
71) 13) dialog: Uff, whats with this Munna fixation man! How much you hang out with your dhobi!
71) 16) dialog: No, I’m sure you have lots in common and all, but babe... You know?... I mean after a point its like “Kitna kapda dhoya aaj” no?! Suhana laughs like mad. Shai is forced to smile. PESI (CONT’D) Oh ho, we’re kidding babe! Listen enough now, huh, its time for some fun! Shai looks quizzical.
73) 0) text: Salim is standing near a street corner, talking on the phone, and Munna is beside him. He is directing someone to where he is. A swank Land Rover stops beside him with Pesi driving and Suhana beside him. The back windows are tinted, so Munna can’t see Shai. Shai sees him and stiffens. Suhana’s window goes down and Salim steps up to them. 73.
73) 2) dialog: Kitna bola tha tumne?
73) 4) dialog: What nonsense, beech mein main usse le raha tha, kya naam hai, Rajesh, aur voh isse bhi accha paanch mein deta hai. To yeh lo paanch aur paanch dus, 2 ke liye. Salim argues, still smiling, and settles at twelve thousand. Samir pays, the window is slid shut on Salim’s face. PESI (CONT’D) Now we’re set for some partying! And they drive off. Shai doesn’t say a word. She looks at all the people sleeping on the street that they pass. Back on the sidewalk: