2) 0) text: Arun and his broker Rakesh open the door of a disused apartment. Arun is around 35, a thoughtful looking man, attractive in a bookish, serious sort of way. Rakesh tries a couple of light switches but nothing comes on. There’s a little light from the fading sun. Rakesh, a weasly 23 year old umbilically attached to his cell phone, tries to push open a window which is firmly stuck, while talking into his phone cradled between his ear and shoulder.
2) 1) dialog: Nahin nahin madam, bohot accha hai, exactly aapke layak... haan hai, gas connection hai, day-night security hai... ab aaj ke zamane mein phone kisko chahiye... haan pani hai mostly, subah ko to zaroor hai... aap dekh to lijiye madam! Bohot accha hai... ok, chhe baje.. Ok madam. He has the window open and he turns around expectantly. RAKESH (CONT’D) To kaisi lagi, Arun ji? Arun looks around him and wanders round the room. RAKESH (CONT’D) Arre perfect hai. Thodi si painting aur ye bilkul nayi lagegi. Aap to painter hai, aapko idea hogi, hain?! Arun gives him a look to say stop bullshitting me. RAKESH (CONT’D) Nahin, soch lijiye, yahan vo gyarah mahine ka chakkar nahin rahega, unlimited lease, aur yeh hai vo “bombay view” jo aapko chahiye tha. Vo dekhiye, vo hai Aga Khan ka tower. Station nazdeek hai, aur toilet attached hai, jo is type ke building mein normally nahin rehta hai. Haan kitchen small hai, par aap kahan khana banate hain! Rakesh’s phone rings and he answers it while Arun looks out at the view. There are old buildings all round in stages of disrepair. The street below is busy and there is a neon hoarding on the terrace of the opposite building. As they leave Arun sees a lady sitting outside her flat on a chair, with an unseeing expression on her face. INT. SALIM’S SLUM ROOM - NIGHT Salim (22) and Munna (20) are watching a David Dhawan comedy on tv, smoking cigarettes and drinking rum. While Salim is an overweight affable sort, Munna is a good looking, smart boy, with a twinkle in his eye anda sense of style. Salim’s mother (50) also watches in between sealing little packets of fancy rubber bands. Salim’s younger brother Karim (16) is studying from a text book. Much laughter. We can hear trains in the background.
83) 0) text: Arun is weirded out. He rewinds and watches the segment again. His expression changes when he realizes what she is trying to say. He gets up, panicky almost, and paces around. Then he calls Rakesh.
83) 1) dialog: Haan Arunji!
83) 3) dialog: Kyun? Aap mile the na us din. Vidyadhar Patil.
83) 5) dialog: Pata karna padega. Kyun?
83) 7) dialog: Kya problem hai Arunji?
86) 0) text: Rakesh has called.
86) 1) dialog: Haan Arun saab, unka naam Ahmed tha. Last year Patil ko becha. Bade jaldi mein tha.
86) 3) dialog: Voh to Dubai migrate ho gaye. 113 80.
86) 5) dialog: Unka address to nahin hai Patil ke paas.
86) 7) dialog: Nahin Ahmed ko full black mangta tha, to Patil ne kisi tarah khila-pila ke register karva liya.
86) 9) dialog: Kya ho gaya Arunji? Aap koi problem mein aa gaye? Arun hangs up in frustration, slumps down on his chair. He throws his head back and closes his eyes. When he opens his eyes he sees the ceiling and notices that one of the fan hooks has no fan on it. He finally realizes what happened, and is shocked. He almost thrashes around helplessly, his grief and shock too much to bear. He stumbles out of the flat where he sees the lady of perpetual blankness sitting with her sad expression. He looks at her and breaks down crying.