2) 2) dialog: Behnchod, yeh hasa hasa ke maar dalega, saala! Dekh, dekh!
2) 4) dialog: Johnny Lever se? Chal main milvata hoon na!
2) 8) dialog: Kidhar ko nikla? Kaam pe? Tera yeh kaam itna ghatiya hai na, kayko karta hai Munna? Main bola na main setting kar ke deta hun tujhe!
11) 0) text: There’s busy activity. Salim is sitting next to where Munna is washing clothes. He is talking on his cell phone, its some kind of property deal. Munna looks through the clothes. Shai’s white one is right on top. He notices a cool striped shirt in the pile. He looks at the size, it seems right, so he puts it aside. He picks up Shai’s shirt and looks at it with concentration.
15) 0) text: Munna stands in the foyer of a theatre with two smartly dressed girls. He is wearing the cool striped shirt we saw him hold up earlier, and is toying with his cell phone, trying to look casual. Salim comes up to them balancing two bags of popcorn and a coke.
15) 2) dialog: Kisne kaha tum log ke liye hai? Salim and Munna laugh. Salim hands one of the girls a bag of popcorn and the girls laugh as well.
15) 5) dialog: Arre college ke liye kiske paas time hai! Aur yeh Munna filmon mein kaam karta hai. The girls look very impressed. Munna stares at him, but plays along with aplomb.
15) 14) dialog: Zohaib?
15) 16) dialog: (knowingly, teasing) Achhaa! Meri friend Shai, huh?.. Tu andar chal, beta, main leta hoon teri class!
16) 0) text: Munna’s eyes follow Shai as she and Pesi find their seats. Salim notices this and smiles. The lights go down.
20) 0) text: Its the late night train from Churchgate to .» Munna and Salim are sitting in an almost empty compartment. Salim is clearly high and emotional.
20) 1) dialog: Nahin meri baat sun. Tu mera bhai jaisa hai. Main nahin chahta ki tujhe kuch ho jaye. Tu apna ye kaam chhod de.. Main teri dekh bhaal karoonga! Munna grins and rolls his eyes. SALIM (CONT’D) Tu sochta hai main joking? No I not joking! Amma ki kasam. Life mein bas tu aur meri amma, only two peoples I am liking! 29 29
20) 3) dialog: Kaun?
20) 5) dialog: Haan, also Mallika. Only three peoples I am liking. Munna laughs. SALIM (CONT’D) Huh? Tu hasta hai? I really serious, brother! Accha bata, kaun thi voh? Kya, Shai, na?
20) 7) dialog: Klayen matlab?
20) 9) dialog: (teasingly) Accha? Kitni acchi tarah se jaanta hai?
20) 11) dialog: Arre kahan jata hai! Isme sharmane ki kya baat hai? Matlab ab tak sirf kapde deta hai, utarta to nahin hai! (begins singing a love song) Munna smiles and looks out. INT. SHAI’S APARTMENT - NIGHT Shai is in her dark room - a converted bathroom - where she hand processes and prints pictures. 27. 29 29 29 30 28. She puts down some negatives to process, then pulls off a picture that’s hanging on the line to dry. Its a black and white picture of Arun looking out of a window, big buildings behind him in profile, his eyes focussed on something distant, something unknown. The phone in the house rings and goes onto answering machine. Its her boyfriend Dale from New York.
51) 0) text: We see Yasmin framed against the beautiful Trimurti in wide shot as Vanitha is filming her. She has thrown back the nagaab of her burkha and is looking up in awe, completely absorbed. Vanitha zooms in to her face. INT. MUNNA’S ROOM - DAY 71 Munna is sitting on the floor, carefully sticking on little stickers on the backs of the portfolio pictures that say “Zohaib Shaikh, 5’10”, Moblie no. 9871412223”. The cat is asleep in a corner and the rain makes a low drumming sound on the roofs. Munna has put a vessel under a leak in his roof. Salim comes in from the rain and slumps down. He is in a rotten mood. Munna notices but decides not to ask. Salim takes out a cigarette, lights it and begins to smoke.
51) 1) dialog: Voh saala, Raju, saala ek number ka haraami hai. Mera 50000 ka dhanda kha gaya! Main uski madad kar raha tha aur saala, voh! Maine chaar laaphe maare use aur warning de ke chod diya ki Kaale bhai ko bataoonga! To hava tight ho gayi uski! Saala... Lambu ka bhai hai to apne aap ko Don samajhta hai... Salim drags on the cigarette and calms down, then he turns to Munna. SALIM (CONT’D) Munna, kuch paise chahiye yaar. Voh Jogeshwari mein flat book karne ke liye dus hazaar aaj dena tha. (he pulls out a bundle of notes from his pocket) Dekh mere paas saat hazaar hai. Teen de na yaar, agle mahine lauta doonga.
51) 3) dialog: Is baar pakka re, tu tension mat le. Agle mahine Bhai mujhe bada kaam dene vala hai, aur Raju se bhi loonga main do mahine ka hafta. Pakka. 58. Munna gets up and takes out three thousand rupees from his wallet/inside his trunk. Meanwhile Salim takes his pictures and begins to look through them. He laughs uproariously.
51) 5) dialog: Abey! Yeh tere mem ne liye! Kya lagta hai re tu! He laughs like mad and drags on his cigarette. Then he recovers. Munna snatches them back, he’s irritated. Salim relents. SALIM (CONT’D) Nahin, solid lagta hai tu, sachi, par tere photo dekh ke mere ko jaane kyun hasi aaya! Pan lagta tu hensum hai. Sachi, saala! Body bhi acchi banai, huh? Munna gives him the money.
51) 7) dialog: Kya samajhta hai, main nahin milvaoonga? Chal, kal milvata hoon, pakka! Theek hai? Munna is thrilled but just smiles. SALIM (CONT’D) Teri yeh memsaab acchi nikli, huh? Chal ab bol daal, kya darne ka, usne to tujhe aadha nanga bhi dekh liya!
62) 0) text: Shai and Munna are walking towards the theatre. Salim and a girl are standing close to the entrance. Munna rolls his eyes, thinking “Shit, what’s he doing here”.
62) 1) dialog: Abey. Kya. (to Shai) Hello.
72) 0) text: Salim and Munna are walking along the Haji Ali subway. 99 72.
72) 1) dialog: Tu badal gaya hai, maloom.
72) 3) dialog: Tumko na, pyar ho gaya hai.
72) 5) dialog: Tu bola hai usko? Huh? Munna is quiet, dismissive but smiling. SALIM (CONT’D) Pan uske ma-baap nahin manega. Tereko bhaag jaana padenga.
72) 7) dialog: Haan, sorry, pehle tu bol daal na! Munna shakes his head but continues to smile. Salim’s phone rings. SALIM (CONT’D) Bolo seth! Bohot dinon baad!.. Kaisa hai sab?.. Haan seth badhiya samaan laya hoon is baar... Aap bolo kahan, main pohunch jaata hoon... aadhe ghante main... Brittania ke paas na?... ok sir, milte hain. Salim looks much happier. He looks at Munna with affection.
73) 0) text: Salim is standing near a street corner, talking on the phone, and Munna is beside him. He is directing someone to where he is. A swank Land Rover stops beside him with Pesi driving and Suhana beside him. The back windows are tinted, so Munna can’t see Shai. Shai sees him and stiffens. Suhana’s window goes down and Salim steps up to them. 73.
73) 1) dialog: Kya saheb, hame bhool gaye aap! Pesi and Suhana are disinterested in him. Pesi is counting some notes.
73) 3) dialog: Saat hazar. Pesi looks at him sharply. Salim tries to mutter that that’s the rate.
73) 6) dialog: Arre phir vohi kaam! Aaj main chudvaoonga tera yeh kaam. Chal aaj party karte hain!
73) 8) dialog: Dhut saala, chutiya! Ja, kar! Kabhi nahin manega! Ek din khud tujhe samajh aayegi! Salim walks off, leaving Munna staring after him. 100 101 102
79) 0) text: Munna is heading back with Salim, Salim ribbing him about his ‘mashooga’ and Munna is in high spirits. They are walking along the lane, laughing and joking. A weasly looking man steps out of the shadows and stops Salim.
79) 2) dialog: Main busy hai. Kya kaam hai usko?
79) 4) dialog: Arre, abhi?! Abhi to kuch ghante main sehri hai!
79) 6) dialog: Kahan milna hai?
79) 8) dialog: Theek hai main aata hoon. Jackie leaves. Salim readies to part ways with Munna.
79) 10) dialog: Nahin, main jaldi aata hoon. Tu apna ghatiya kaam nipat ke aa, phir sehri karte hain! They part.
87) 0) text: Munna sits in the deserted dhobi ghat, by the light of the moon and some street tube light, and stares blankly. His eyes are dark hollows, and the freshly washed white sheets are luminous and fluorescent. A young man comes running in and sees Munna and stops. Munna looks up at him. Its Salim’s younger brother, Karim. He looks at Munna and begins to cry ina bloodcurdling, desperate way. Munna realizes that something is very wrong. 114 115 116 117 118 81. INT. SALIM’S SLUM ROOM - SAME NIGHT 114 Salim lies on the floor of his hut, partially covered by a bloody sheet. Several people sit inside and out, or stand around. Among them is a thickset middle-aged man, powerful looking, with some henchman behind him. He sits prominently in the centre of the room on the only chair there. Salim’s mother sits at his head, dry eyed and numb. Munna enters with Karim, and the Bhai looks up at them. The crowd parts as they enter, and the bhai stretches his arms out to Karim, who stiffly goes and gets hugged by him. Munna goes beserk, crying and raging at the same time, and takes his rat-lathi which he’s carrying and attacks the Bhai, cracking the lathi on his head. The Bhai manages to miss the blow to the head but gets hit in his shoulder. Mayhem breaks out as the Bhai’s men intervene and pull Munna away, throw him to the floor and kick and hit him. Munna is sobbing by now, allowing them to hit him. The Bhai pulls his men off and they all leave. Salim’s mother’s face crumples and she cries noiselessly into Munna’s shoulder as he lies there crying, and Karim comes and sits next to them helplessly.
90) 0) text: Munna, Karim and a few others are at Salim’s grave. A maulvi says the prayer, and the group stands around the grave with their eyes downcast. Karim is looking calm, and he stands close to Munna, who also looks calm.