4) 0) text: Munna darts across the road and a car swerves to avoid him causing a little confusion. Munna continues to walk, and the driver swears under his breath. We cut inside the car to Shai, 29, very attractive and stylish, and Pesi (32). The windows are up and Shirley Bassey is on the stereo.
4) 1) dialog: Shit! What did he think he was doing? Crazy!
4) 3) dialog: And we are so late, Pesi! My mum left for the show an hour ago.
5) 0) text: Its a modest sized, interesting gallery, opening the new works of T. Arun; paintings, etchings and some small installations. Well heeled so-called art lovers mingle, as wine, champagne and hors d’oeuvres do the rounds. Press photographers take pictures. Shai is being introduced to some people by her mother Pravin, while Pesi talks to a serious looking man. Later Shai looks at the works. The installations, which have an Escher-esque construction about them, are made from what seems like scrap and waste materials. Shai looks around, a bit fidgety, observing all the different kinds of people there. Arun walks in. She sees him and keeps looking at him, finding him attractive.
5) 3) dialog: Which one is Arun. Pesi points him out. She looks at him and widens her eyes meaningfully. Pesi returns the look, first quizzical then catching on. Vatsala calls everyone to attention.
5) 5) text: Well, there’s not much to say, I think. This is my most transparent work. Its my tribute to the people from Rajasthan, Tamil Nadu, Bihar, U.P. and elsewhere who build this city in the hope that someday they will find a rightful place in it. So, to Bombay, my muse, my whore, my beloved... He raises his glass as a toast, the crowd raises their glasses in a ‘salut’, and Arun knocks back his drink and hurries into the crowd. Then there’s clapping and bravo’s. Shai and Pesi also clap and the party is resumed. Pesi looks about him animatedly, as if for a victim.
5) 7) dialog: Babe, he’s beautiful.
5) 9) dialog: Thank god for that! At least one boy in Bombay is available then! Elsewhere Arun has been cornered by a lady in big diamonds.
5) 15) dialog: That bad?
5) 17) dialog: Hi, I’m Shai. Yes I thought you looked a bit stricken.. Both laugh. He knocks back his drink, she’s vastly amused, and he looks at her with warmth. They share some sort of secret now.
5) 19) dialog: No, no, I’m an investment banking consultant.
5) 21) dialog: (laughing) Yes, broadly speaking! Essentially I study investment trends in south Asian economies.
5) 23) dialog: No, in New York. I’ve moved back here for a bit though.
5) 25) dialog: Well, I just needed a break from things... A new perspective, some fresh air in my head.
5) 27) dialog: (laughs) Maybe just a change of scene then. Some new faces, no New York winter, and no talking about figures and projections...
5) 29) dialog: Actually, its not a holiday, I’m on a sabbatical! 10.
5) 31) dialog: Means I’ve got a research grant to submit a project about small and marginal business and shifts in traditional occupations. Basically I have to write some papers, and do what I love doing best - taking photographs. Arun raises his eyebrows as he keeps swigging his rum and coke. There’s a squawk from someone, then a shriek and a ripple of panic runs through the room as a rat scurries to find safe refuge. Shai is knocked against in the melee and she gets red wine all over her shirt. Arun starts laughing and Shai, though irritated can’t help laughing as well, wiping her shirt with a proffered napkin. SHAI (CONT’D) Shit.
7) 3) dialog: Hi. Shai walks into the room and looks around, realizing there isn’t really any place to sit. SHAI (CONT’D) You been up long?
7) 5) dialog: I’d love some. Listen I just helped myself to a shirt that was lying on your chair, because mine was trashed with that wine stain..
7) 7) dialog: I haven’t stayed up so long talking in years! And I don’t think I’ve ever danced to... what was it? “Sexy Sadie”! (laughs) You, my friend, are quite the dancer!
7) 9) dialog: Yes please. (she watches him) I had a lovely time last night. 13. She looks at him fondly, but his smile is embarrassed and he avoids looking at her. He washes the cup and hunts around for the sugar. He pulls out a sachet from a bag of sachets, and goes to the fridge and pulls out a carton of milk. Shai wanders out into the living room and looks around. She sees a little sketch/personal item of Arun’s that she quickly puts in her pocket, checking to see if he saw. She sees a painting on the bookshelf of a black and white photograph of a couple. The man is in army uniform and the lady is a south Indian beauty in wedding finery. The photograph has been painted on, with scraps and bits stuck on - a button, a safety pin, a badge. SHAI (CONT’D) (calling out to him) Are these your parents? Arun hands her a mug of tea, and settles against the window again, standing awkwardly while Shai settles into a chair. Arun looks at the painting, and nods, with a half smile. SHAI (CONT’D) So your father was in the army, was he?
7) 11) dialog: Do they live with you?
7) 13) dialog: Tell me do you usually live like this, out of boxes?!
7) 15) dialog: Really? Why?
7) 17) dialog: Oh... so you’ve found another place have you? 14.
7) 19) dialog: You know I found your opening last night quite an experience. Are they all like that, these art events? Arun shrugs. SHAI (CONT’D) My mom loves these arty dos! She’s quite a collector. We have a lot of art at home. In fact we’re running short of walls! (no reply forthcoming) Have you always lived in Bombay?
7) 21) dialog: Are you hung over?
7) 23) dialog: You’re so quiet today... Arun looks distinctly on edge. SHAI (CONT’D) Hey, is something wrong? Arun looks away.
7) 25) dialog: Hey... What’re you sorry about? Don’t be sorry, I had a great time!
7) 27) dialog: Hey, it’s cool. I’m glad you don’t normally do this! I mean, hey! I don’t either! I guess we shared something with each other which was... I don’t know.. special.
7) 29) dialog: More serious than a shag? She gets up and starts putting her things into her bag, ready to leave.
7) 31) dialog: Will you stop fucking apologizing? Jeez!!
7) 33) dialog: Hey, I have no idea what’s going on in your head, okay, and I’m not sure I want to know. She turns and opens the door.
7) 35) dialog: Arun, you know what, it’s cool. Take care. See you around. She gives him a false smile and shuts the door behind her. He’s left staring at the closed door. INT. LANDING OUTSIDE ARUN’S APARTMENT - DAY 13 Shai is waiting at the elevator, angry tears welling up in her eyes. 14 15 16. She presses the call button, then jabs it several time angrily, then hits it saying “Shit!” and hurries down the stairs. As she disappears the lift reaches the landing, and Munna emerges with a bundle of clothes, humming a tune. INT. LANDING OUTSIDE ARUN’S APARTMENT - DAY (CONT’D) 14 Arun opens the door with an expectant expression, which falls when he sees Munna. He scans the landing behind Munna, then turns back disappointed. Munna is smiling, like he’s used to Arun being vague.
9) 0) text: Selva and the other workers take a break to eat some lunch. They sit in ragged groups, with their children around them, wearing their work clothes and eating with chalky hands. INT. SHAI’S APARTMENT - DAY 17 Shai is on the phone in her affluent Worli seaface apartment, lounging in a chair in her balcony overlooking the sea.
9) 1) dialog: No, I guess you’re right, but I don’t know, Pesi. I really thought he was special, you know, we really got on the night before, and had such deep discussions..and... The doorbell rings. She ignores it. SHAI (CONT’D) You know, about stuff... art, money, Bombay, and... (laughs) OK, yes, great sex! Really good sex... Well basically Dale and I left it open ended, so that’s not so much that , but its just I’m so mixed up in my head right now, you know?... No but it wasn’t just the sex, you know Pes.. It rings again. SHAI (CONT’D) (shouting in the direction of the door) Agnes! (back into the mouthpiece) Its just that it seemed like there was something more there, you know? I mean we slow danced , for chrissakes! Who does that these days!.. The doorbell rings again. She makes a sound of irritation and gets up to open it. She talks as she opens the door. 19. SHAI (CONT’D) Like he was really into me the night before, he was really intense... hold on a sec. The door opens to Munna, carrying a bundle of clothes. Shai looks at him blankly. SHAI (CONT’D) Yes?
9) 3) dialog: Oh. Accha. Andar aao. Agnes! Pesi, babe I’m going to have to call you back, this dhobi guy is at the door and Agnes has disappeared on me... yeah soon. I promise! Okay, bye! They head in. Shai looks a bit lost, but Munna is familiar with the routine. He unties the bundle and places the neat pile on the side board.
9) 5) dialog: Oh my god! Yeh.. Yeh to neel ho gaya!
9) 7) dialog: Oh shit! Maine Agnes ko bolna chahiye tha, ise laundry mein dena tha! Its completely fucked, now! Munna’s face falls. He puts his hand out to take it back.
9) 9) dialog: Nahin, nahin, god knows what colour it’11l become next! 18
9) 11) dialog: Hey, aapka naam kya hai?
9) 13) dialog: Zohaib, main Shai... I’m But he’s gone.
11) 0) text: There’s busy activity. Salim is sitting next to where Munna is washing clothes. He is talking on his cell phone, its some kind of property deal. Munna looks through the clothes. Shai’s white one is right on top. He notices a cool striped shirt in the pile. He looks at the size, it seems right, so he puts it aside. He picks up Shai’s shirt and looks at it with concentration.
13) 0) text: Shai is taking pictures of the circus artists from the wings. It seems like an impoverished troupe, and the clowns are not very funny. Even the children aren’t laughing. The artists are so keen to pose for Shai, one of them (a juggler) forgets his cue. They tell her how the circus has lost its shine without the animals. There’s also a Wonder Dog, an old Pomeranian who stands on his hind legs and balances a ball on his head. 22 22. She gives one-woof and two-woof answers to questions the comic dog trainer asks her.
13) 3) dialog: Pesi, tell me you’re not loving this?! Pesi fixes Shai with a ‘look’. Shai laughs. SHAI (CONT’D) Okay, we’ll leave in a minute. A movie on me after this, okay?
15) 9) dialog: Zohaib right? Hi!
15) 11) dialog: Kaun si film dekhne aaye ho?
15) 13) dialog: Hum bhi vahi dekhne ja rahe hain. Mera life mein yeh first hindi movie hai! Chalo, bye! As she heads in to the theatre, Salim turns to Munna with a raised eyebrow. Munna’s stock value appears to have appreciated.
16) 0) text: Munna’s eyes follow Shai as she and Pesi find their seats. Salim notices this and smiles. The lights go down.
22) 0) text: Arun wakes up with a crick in his neck. He had fallen asleep watching the video, the TV is still on and he has the remote in his lap. Daylight streams into the flat. He gets up, stretches and goes over to the window. He can see the same lady in the flat opposite, except her son is almost a teenager now. The lady is instructing the maid now, and she has henna in her hair. Its a Sunday morning, and things are relaxed. Arun looks radiant, charged in a way. He turns to the TV thoughtfully, looking at the house with new eyes. Then he puts the kettle on for tea. INT. SHAI’S APARTMENT - DAY 32 Shai is holding up her shirt which had the stain. Its a spotless white, as good as new. She turns and smiles. Munna avoids her gaze, but one can tell he’s pleased.
22) 1) dialog: Chai loge? Munna nods, trying to look casual. Agnes who is standing near the two of them looks taken aback at the exchange. SHAI (CONT’D) Agnes, please do cup chai banana? Agnes leaves, not at all happy. Shai walks to the balcony, gestures to him to follow. Munna looks around the house. Sees himself in a mirror, and adjusts his hair. He wears a cute Doors t shirt. They sit in chairs on the balcony and look out to sea. Shai’s camera is on a table, which she has taken apart. SHAI (CONT’D) (pointing to his t shirt) You like The Doors? Munna smiles and nods like he knows what she is talking about. There’s a little awkward pause.
22) 3) dialog: Nahin, bas photo lena pasand hai! Main bank ka kaam karti hoon. America mein.
22) 5) dialog: Yeh kisne kaha? Kucch areas mein, haan definitely aage hai.. Lekin... Shai thinks about it, and nods slowly, with ambivalence. Munna shrugs. Munna clucks SHAI (CONT’D) Tum Bombay se ho?
22) 7) dialog: Tum kyun aaye Bombay?
22) 9) dialog: Sara family yahan hai?
22) 11) dialog: Jaate ho vaapas, milne?
22) 13) dialog: Kyun? SHAI (CONT’D) Unki yaad nahin aati? his tongue in a negative. SHAI (CONT’D) Ghar pe accha nahin lagta tha kya? 31.
22) 15) dialog: Par vahan kya farming... kya kehte hain... kheti nahin thi tum logon ki?
22) 17) dialog: Kya? Sure. She reaches for the camera.
22) 19) dialog: Kyun? Model banna hai kya? Shai says it jokingly, then realizes that he is serious.
22) 21) dialog: Accha... Haan, main try kar sakti hoon... I’ve never really done that sort of thing.
22) 23) dialog: Main le sakti hoon, sure. Munna looks pleased. 32. SHAI (CONT’D) But tumhe mere liye kuch karna padega. Mujhe tumhara photo chahiye, tum jab apna kaam kar raha hai.
22) 25) dialog: Arre dhobi ka, what else. Okay? He nods, happy. Agnes comes in with one glass and one mug of tea. Shai looks at her pointedly, and takes the glass, giving Munna the mug. Agnes also holds up a shirt which is Arun’s, shaking it at Munna.
22) 27) dialog: Oh yeh mera hai...
22) 29) dialog: Tum Arun ko jaante ho? Artist Arun?
22) 31) dialog: To tumhe maloom hai ki uska new house kahan par hai?
22) 33) dialog: Mujhe dikhaoge please, mujhe yeh shirt return karna hai...
22) 35) dialog: No, mujhe use surprise karne ka hai. 33 34 35 33. Munna nods, understandingly. SHAI (CONT’D) Tumhara naam Munna hai?
24) 0) text: Arun is sitting in front of the TV, watching the tapes. EXT. ARUN’S BUILDING - NIGHT 35 Shai and Pesi are sitting in Shai’s car, and Pesi is trying to roll a joint.
24) 1) dialog: Pes, you have so totally forgotten how to roll a joint, we’1ll have to smoke the floormats!
24) 3) dialog: Who knows. There’s something we left unfinished I think.
24) 5) dialog: I can’t. I.. I don’t really know him. And who knows, he may have someone up there with him.
24) 7) dialog: Oh, this is one of our buildings.
24) 9) dialog: (whispering) Get down! He’1l see us!
24) 11) dialog: Sshhh! 36 37 38 35. She watches as Arun walks down the road, and at one point goes into an udipi restaurant that’s open late. SHAI (CONT’D) Come on Pes, lets go there.
24) 13) dialog: Ufff, who’s going for the food?
25) 0) text: Shai dreams of Arun. The sequence is abstract, with visuals of their lovemaking, reading a book together , Shai tracing his backbone, all layered on with paint. A visual collage.
26) 7) dialog: Kya problem hai, Munna?
26) 9) dialog: Studio bohut artificial lagta hai, baba, yeh better rahega ki main natural photos loon.
26) 11) dialog: Haan, natural, jaise tum chal ke ja rahe ho, kahin khade ho, kahin baithe ho...
26) 13) dialog: Arre kharche ki baat thodi hai. Yeh sabke portfolio se different hoga, bohut fresh hoga!
26) 15) dialog: Ashish?... Hey... Listen, I need your help, man.
27) 0) text: Its a small run-down studio with a few umbrella lights, used mainly for portfolios. A couple of studio hands look at them suspiciously. Shai puts her kit down and looks around. She sees all the photography lights that are triggered by the flash which she is totally unfamiliar with.
27) 1) dialog: Aapke paas koi light hai jo on rehta hai? Not flash? They go off and get her some basic lights. She sighs, feeling out of her depth, but seeing Munna with his expectant expression she perks up for his sake. SHAI (CONT’D) Chalo Munna, lets get started! MONTAGE: Munna smiling, Munna looking like the sweet boy- next-door, Munna with typical ‘hero’ expression... At som point she takes the old wooden chair that the attendant is sitting on and makes Munna do things with it. SHAI (CONT’D) Munna, ab smile mat karo, just seedha idhar dekho.. Haan, better. (MORE)
27) 2) text: 41 42 43 38. SHAI (CONT’D) Ab thoda sa sir ghumao, nahin us taraf, haan very good.. She looks at her results. He looks very good with the unsmiling, sexy expression. SHAI (CONT’D) Accha, aur koi T shirt hai? Yeh bohut bright hai..
27) 4) dialog: OK, utaro, try karte hain. He peels off his T shirt. He has a beautiful body. Its suddenly harder for Shai to give instructions, she finds him very attractive. She takes a whole series of him, in beautiful half light.
30) 13) dialog: To? Tumhe mera kaam kaisa laga? Accha laga?
30) 15) dialog: Great! Thank heavens. Chai? Munna nods a yes and she gestures to him to follow her. He follows her to the kitchen, looking around him at the house. Shai puts a kettle on and takes out tea bags and mugs. SHAI (CONT’D) Tum mere first client ho, to main nervous thi!
30) 17) dialog: Kya?
30) 19) dialog: Er... mujhe to bohut acche lage. See this one.. and this.. I prefer this attitude. Munna nods like he understands.
30) 21) dialog: Of course chance hai. Jab tum famous actor ban jaoge, mujhe yaad rakhna, ok? Munna smiles. SHAI (CONT’D) Haan, aur ab tumko mujhe le jaana padega. Dhobi ghat. Munna smiles in acquiescence. He looks around the drawing room they’re sitting in. There’s assorted photographs of Shai and her brother Veer with her parents.
30) 23) dialog: In-sha-allah... (turning it around on her tongue) Munna grins at her and nods.
33) 0) text: Shai is watching Arun through her camera lens from a vantage point of a building terrace opposite. She trains her lens at him, watching as he watches Yasmin on his TV, sometimes going very close to the TV screen, his expressions, him pouring himself a drink, smoking a cigarette... We see Selva and a few others, skulking about behind her, trying to see what she’s doing, but she turns to look at them, and they shuffle off. Her phone rings.
33) 1) dialog: Hi Dadda... yes I’m here, that guy, what’s his name? Your site manager? I think its Hari or something, worked it out for me... Yes its great thanks pops, I’m getting some great shots...
35) 0) text: Photographs of Munna washing clothes at the dhobi ghat. The photographs document the whole process of washing (soaking, bleaching, beating on the stone, etc), drying on the lines by the sea, ironing, and the bundles of clothes taken to peoples’ homes. A photo montage, while we also see how Munna is trying to impress Shai, and how she is charmed by this. Shai also talks to some other dhobis who tell her the problems in their trade. 51 52 46.
36) 0) text: In a small, cramped lift in a south Bombay apartment building, Munna, Shai and the dour, bored elevator attendant are heading upwards. Shai is taking pictures of Munna, while the lift man watches curiously. He can’t stop staring at Shai and particularly at her chest. Munna sees him doing this.
37) 0) text: Munna rings a doorbell. Shai looks at Munna as they wait. He is still irritated by the impertinence of the lift man. The door is opened by a young girl, who looks surprised to see Shai. She puts her hands out to take the clothes.
37) 3) dialog: Ma’am, I am shooting him at work, you know from washing to delivering, so if you don’t mind can I shoot him handing over the clothes?.. The lady gives her a barbed look, and walks away saying to the maid over her shoulder:
38) 1) dialog: Baap re, aise dekh rahi thi jaise mujhe maar dena chahti thi!
38) 3) dialog: Par voh shayad tumhe nahin chodegi! Munna is beet with embarrassment, and the lift arrives to relieve him. They get in and descend.
43) 0) text: Munna has put away the last bundle for washing the next day. Shai is wrapping up her equipment.
43) 1) dialog: Thanks, Munna.
43) 3) dialog: Bohot lagi hai! Munna picks up her equipment bag and walks, Shai looking after him amused. He turns and looks at her like “come on then”. She follows him.
44) 1) dialog: Arun ko kitne saal se jaante ho?
44) 3) dialog: Just... jaanna chahti thi..
44) 5) dialog: Always akela rehta tha voh?
44) 7) dialog: Kya? No way!
44) 9) dialog: Phir?
44) 11) dialog: Phir?
44) 13) dialog: Mmmm... share karoge, to. Poora nahin kha sakungi. Munna orders a fish fry. SHAI (CONT’ D) Uski wife kaisi thi?
44) 15) dialog: Tha. No more... Aur tum? No? He also shakes his head. 61 62 63 53. SHAI (CONT’D) Kyun? Tum itna handsome hai! Munna blushes.
44) 17) dialog: Koi mil jayega..
44) 19) dialog: Koi mil jayegi! Inshallah... He grins. They eat companionably.
45) 0) text: Munna is carrying Shai’s camera bag and they are hurrying to her car in the rain. Her driver opens her door for her, and she gets in as Munna stands getting soaked. She tells him to go ahead, but he just stands there smiling at her, watching the car as it leaves.
46) 0) text: The workers and their families are sitting in the unfinished drawing room of a flat, some playing cards, some sleeping or reading the paper. Outside it pours. Its a happy environment, like a school rain holiday. INT. SHAI’S APARTMENT - LATER 63 Shai lets herself into the apartment, then realizes the TV is on. She is soaking wet. She goes into the TV room to find her parents, Pravin and Manek Edulji watching the late night news, as Manek flips through The Economist/WSJ. They are distinguished, in their early 60s, with a ring of old money about them.
46) 3) dialog: Hey! I thought you guys weren’t expected till early next week?
46) 5) dialog: Cool. Look, the monsoon is here! My first in... ten years! Has it started raining in Alibaug yet?
46) 8) dialog: You married a beauty queen, Manek Edulji, now pay for it!
46) 10) dialog: Yeah. Went to the Dhobi Ghat today. It was just fascinating!
46) 12) dialog: Tsk, ma! You’re just paranoid. 64 65 66 55. Shai sits at the edge of the sofa.
46) 14) dialog: Yup, and I’m going to bed. (over her shoulder) Thanks for letting me shoot from the building, Dadda.
46) 16) dialog: Good night.
47) 0) text: Arun stands at the window, watching the rain, listening to Siddheswari Devi, the rain is coming in but he doesn’t mind. He paints as the music plays and it pours outside. He looks happy, content. INT. SHAI’S APARTMENT - NIGHT 66 Shai comes out of the shower, all washed and clean. She turns on the A/C. Her windows are shut, and the rain pours down the panes, which cloud up. She looks at herself in the mirror as she brushes her hair. Then she gets in bed and turns out the light. 67 68 69 56.
48) 0) text: A dream-like recollection of love making between Shai and Arun, similar to the earlier collage.
51) 0) text: We see Yasmin framed against the beautiful Trimurti in wide shot as Vanitha is filming her. She has thrown back the nagaab of her burkha and is looking up in awe, completely absorbed. Vanitha zooms in to her face. INT. MUNNA’S ROOM - DAY 71 Munna is sitting on the floor, carefully sticking on little stickers on the backs of the portfolio pictures that say “Zohaib Shaikh, 5’10”, Moblie no. 9871412223”. The cat is asleep in a corner and the rain makes a low drumming sound on the roofs. Munna has put a vessel under a leak in his roof. Salim comes in from the rain and slumps down. He is in a rotten mood. Munna notices but decides not to ask. Salim takes out a cigarette, lights it and begins to smoke.
52) 3) dialog: Why? Let me do it na.
52) 5) dialog: I’m used to this, Agnes. I do all my own work in New York.
52) 7) dialog: So Agnes how’s your daughter?
52) 9) dialog: Really? What does she want to do finally?
52) 11) dialog: And your husband? Still drinks and beats?
52) 13) dialog: Bastard. Good riddance. She puts her sandwich onto a plate, pours herself a glass of lemonade and picks up her plate to leave.
52) 15) dialog: Really? Why?
53) 0) text: Shai is hurriedly walking along the street towards the Edulji building opposite Arun’s with her camera equipment, wearing big shades, when she suddenly spots Arun walk down towards his building. She ducks her head and tries to hurry into the Edulji building, trying to look. the other way, panicking that he might see her. And he does.
53) 2) dialog: Oh, hi...
53) 4) dialog: I... I’ve been good. How are you?
53) 6) dialog: Oh really. I’m... I was just going in here... this building... her gear.
53) 8) dialog: Yeah, I’m just, you know, shooting here, this construction work and all that. Its one of my dad’s sites.
53) 10) dialog: Well I should...
53) 12) dialog: I should be going.
53) 14) dialog: Er... yeah, actually, I do have time for a coffee.
53) 16) dialog: Yeah, okay.
53) 19) dialog: Its been pretty good so far.
53) 21) dialog: Yeah kind of.
53) 23) dialog: Is there really? I guess one needs a guide then, to see all this local stuff.
53) 25) dialog: And you? You’ve been working?
53) 27) dialog: That’s great. You seem a lot happier, I have to say.
53) 29) dialog: Oh no. Not more apologies. Just forget about it okay? It was no big deal, really. So I found you hot, so I slept with you! Its cool! Its... that’s all it was. Just... forget about it.
53) 31) dialog: Yeah, well you were a real shit that day, but whatever. No, I wasn’t hurt. I was just really pissed off for a while.
53) 33) dialog: I know what you mean! I’m hoping you don’t remember half the things Idid!
55) 0) text: Shai is still frozen, feeling like she was caught out. Arun hasn’t noticed.
55) 2) dialog: Hey look I gotta go. Thanks for the coffee.
56) 0) text: Munna is walking down the street. Shai is running behind him, trying to catch up with him. Finally she does.
56) 1) dialog: Munna! 719 65. He stops and looks at her. She looks thoroughly guilty. They look at each other. SHAI (CONT’D) Kahan ja raha hai?
56) 3) dialog: Kya kaam? Aaj tumne bola tha tum mujhe Nagpada le jayega... Aur tum vo movie dikhayega, that “Hulchul” or whatever. Munna shakes his head, resisting her charms. SHAI (CONT’D) Come on, Munna, you promised. Chalo na, maine tickets bhi le liya. Munna looks at her, slightly mollified.
57) 0) text: Shai is finishing taking pictures of an attar maker in his tiny workshop, while Munna looks on half- territorially, half-admiringly. The man who makes attar has been telling her how his trade has all but closed down with the advent of bottled perfumes, mostly cheap fakes. And how his son has no interest to learn what his ancestors practised. He wants to do a job in marketing. Shai and Munna leave, walking along companionably.
57) 2) dialog: Mujhe janna hai... dekhna hai...
57) 4) dialog: Par main nahin aati to yeh sab kahan milta! Tum kahan milte! Munna glows. 80 81 82 83 66.
57) 6) dialog: Wow! Haan of course.
61) 0) text: It’s time for Iftari and Shai and Munna are walking along (Shai, for a change in a salwar kameez), through groups of people eating and shopping. Shai is taking lots of pictures, and is very excited. 84 85 86 87 67. She chooses the kebabs and other popular dishes, and Munna insists on paying for everything. He is very protective of her, as well as explains things to her. They don’t notice Arun, who is also among the crowd, looking around.
62) 0) text: Shai and Munna are walking towards the theatre. Salim and a girl are standing close to the entrance. Munna rolls his eyes, thinking “Shit, what’s he doing here”.
62) 2) dialog: Hi! (to Munna) Yeh tumhara friend hai na, us din bhi he was here. Munna nods and hurries her into the theatre, very self conscious. Salim notices his odd behavior.
63) 0) text: The movie is under way. Munna seems to be in a battle trying to decide whether he can put his arm on the shared armrest or not. Shai leans closer to ask him what something means/ who some actor is, and he is so aware of her. He finally puts his arm on the armrest and their arms are touching. Shai is unaware, absorbed in the film. Munna is on a cloud of bliss.
66) 0) text: Shai is getting into her car in the rain when she sees Munna hanging behind. She gestures to him to get into the car. He does. INT. SHAI’S APARTMENT - LATER Shai and Munna are in the balcony of her apartment. Shai has rolled herself a joint, a very funny looking one, and she laughs. He is a bit scandalized, but goes along with it, happy to be there. It rains outside.
67) 0) text: We see a segment where Yasmin has bought herself a birthday cake, and has lit candles on it. She places it in front of the camera, cuts a piece and smilingly feeds it to the camera (her brother). Arun pauses the tape and comes very close to the TV as if to eat the cake. INT. SHAI’S APARTMENT (DARK ROOM) - LATER - NIGHT Shai is in her darkroom, showing Munna how she makes prints. He is fascinated by her, and she knows it. INT. SHAI’S APARTMENT (BALCONY) - LATER - NIGHT Later she brings a bottle of single malt and two glasses. She offers him one, he refuses, she presses him so he takes one and takes a sip. It tastes ugly to him, and she is vastly amused. She is mildly flirtatious in her manner. Later she has fallen asleep. Munna comes very close to her and looks at her face as she sleeps. He bends over as if he’s kissing her lips, seeing what it would be like if he did. Then very quietly he gets up and leaves.
68) 0) text: The morning after the rain a few puddles are left in the ground. Petrol and water creates a rainbow in one of them. Selva chews on one of those sticks one uses to clean teeth. 68. 88 89 90 91 92 93 94 95 96 69. He has a radio with him, which has crackly songs playing in bhojpuri or some other language. He looks at the city around him, stirring. People in their flats, some out for walks. The poor on the street are waking up. INT. SHAI’S APARTMENT - DAY 94 Shai sits in her balcony as Agnes hands her tea. She has just woken up and is in the same place she fell asleep. Agnes is very disapproving, as she picks up the bottle of whiskey and the two glasses. Shai looks out to sea blankly. The phone rings somewhere in the house. After a bit, Agnes brings it to Shai.
68) 2) dialog: Hello... hi ma... yeah good, good. And you?... Okay... well, yeah sort of, still doing my mad shooting!... well I’m done with dhobis, ear-cleaners, the circus, and I’m soon going to do the night rat killers!... No, no kidding!... Of course I'll be fine, ma. When are you coming next?... Oh great, see you soon then... bye!
71) 0) text: Shai, her friend Suhana and Pesi are drinking at the bar of a busting nightclub. They are all a bit high.
71) 1) dialog: What rubbish!! I couldn’t have said that! No way!
71) 8) dialog: Actually now I wish I had! With all the luck I’ve had with men...! (sighs) (MORE)
71) 10) dialog: I’m not cut out for relationships I think.
71) 12) dialog: I can’t babe, Munna is taking me to that Dongri place tomorrow.
71) 14) dialog: Yeah.. So?
73) 0) text: Salim is standing near a street corner, talking on the phone, and Munna is beside him. He is directing someone to where he is. A swank Land Rover stops beside him with Pesi driving and Suhana beside him. The back windows are tinted, so Munna can’t see Shai. Shai sees him and stiffens. Suhana’s window goes down and Salim steps up to them. 73.
84) 0) text: Shai is armed with her camera. She follows a man into an alley. He is wearing Municipal khaki shorts and a shirt and carrying a torch and a book.
84) 3) dialog: Munna? She is bewildered to see him there. Munna looks at her, shocked, shame written all over him, and then runs off into the shadows.
84) 5) dialog: Munna!
85) 0) text: Munna is running, as if he’s scared Shai will run after him. He looks shocked, he’s almost crying.
88) 0) text: Shai walks around on the empty streets of the night. She looks shaken. At one point she just stops and looks around her, trying to understand where she is.
94) 0) text: Shai is at the dhobi ghat, sitting alone waiting for Munna. Some dhobi comes early and gets surprised to see her. She asks him where Munna is, but he has no idea. INT. MUNNA’S ROOM - DAY 122 Munna is packing his belongings into his trunk. He carefully takes the poster of Salman down and rolls it up.
97) 0) text: Shai is walking through the narrow lane of the slum looking for Munna. People look curiously at her. 127 INT. ARUN’S NEW APARTMENT - DAY 127 Arun is standing in his empty new apartment. He goes over to a bubble-wrapped canvas and tears it open. It is his Yasmin work. He takes it out and puts it up on the blank wall and looks at it.
99) 0) text: Shai stands facing Arun’s flat, undecided about ringing the doorbell. She is carrying a packet in her hands which has his shirt in it. She rings the bell and waits. No answer. Then she notices that the door has a lock on it. She walks over to the silent lady, who is looking vacant as usual. She smiles and approaches her.
99) 1) dialog: Hello Aunty. The lady just looks at her. SHAI (CONT’D) I wanted to know if I could leave a packet for your neighbor Mr. Arun.. A lady from down the hall calls out to her.
100) 0) text: Shai wanders in with her camera, remembering the time that Munna had brought her there. Suddenly she spots Munna standing with a group of his old friends, talking. He sees her and breaks into a run, and she gives chase. After a bit of a chase, Munna crashes headlong into a dhobi carrying a whole bundle of clothes who roundly curses him. Munna is knocked to the ground, and Shai reaches and sits next to him out of breath. They look at each other. 131 85.
101) 0) text: Munna and Shai are sitting on the wall looking at the mottled sky.
101) 1) dialog: Tum bhaag kyun gaye? Us din bhi tum bhaag gaye. Munna doesn’t answer. He looks upset. SHAI (CONT’D) Kya hua? Aur apni room bhi badli kar di? (he nods) Kahan rehte ho ab?
101) 3) dialog: Accha? Tumhare yahan rishtedaar hain? Mujhe nahin maloom tha.
101) 5) dialog: Oh. Salim kaisa hai? Munna doesn’t answer. SHAI (CONT’D) Munna? What’s the problem, mujhse gussa hai? Aajkal mera phone bhi nahin lete! Number badal diya hai kya? Suddenly tumhe kya ho...
101) 7) dialog: Itna sab ho gaya aur tumne mujhe bataya hi nahin? Kyun, Munna? Kya hum dost nahin hain? Munna laughs a short laugh, almost to himself.
101) 9) dialog: Ab Arun bhi nahin mil raha hai. Kahan hai voh? Idea hai tumhe? Munna looks at her sadly.
102) 0) text: Munna and Shai stand facing each other on the busy sidewalk.
102) 1) dialog: To kabhi phone karna, milna... Munna nods. Shai gives him a quick hug and gets into a cab on the kerb. As she drives off into the rush of evening traffic, Munna looks after her. He walks to a nearby cigarette vendor, buys a cigarette, lights it and smokes it, thinking. Then he suddenly drops his cigarette and runs after her cab. He chases it, pushing past people, getting honked at. He almost catches it ata traffic light, but misses it. He runs across the main road, cars swerving around him, and when there’s a traffic jam finally manages to reach her window. She is shocked to see him, her heart in her mouth. 133 134 87. He is breathing too hard to say anything. He reaches into his pocket and rifles through the bills, cards, papers etc until he finds a small chit. It has Arun’s name and number on it in Arun’s hand. He hands it to her. She takes it, moved by the enormity of his gesture. She looks at him, he smiles and gives her a wave to carry on. The cabbie takes off as Munna watches and then walks away into the traffic. Shai breaks down and cries.