40) 8) dialog: Te camera madi hello bolnaar, didi photo record karoon pataite tenala bhaukade.
40) 11) dialog: Class seven. English medium. looks very pleased.
40) 14) dialog: “The Brook” by Alfred Lord Tennyson. "“T come from haunts of coot and hern, I make a sudden sally and sparkle out among the fern, and bicker down the valley. By thirty hills I hurry down, or slip between the ridges, by twenty thorpes, a little town, and half a hundred bridges. Till last by Philip’s farm I flow to join the brimming river, for men may come and men may go, but I go on forever.” Uske baad mein bhool gayi. The Bai meanwhile has settled against the dining table and done some tobacco rolling in her palm.
50) 2) dialog: Start ho gaya, didi! Engine mein problem tha. The boat courses forward. The camera shoots the people on the deck; villagers, tourists... A young couple stand nea the railing, whispering to each other, the boy with his arm around her. She is trying to push him away a little, but he pulls her close, saying things to her which make her giggle. She spots Yasmin’s camera and nudges him and tells him. He turns and looks at it, then takes her hand and walks to a less visible spot. She turns the camera to the water. The foam of the churning water, the light refracting in its depths. 70 71 57.
51) 0) text: We see Yasmin framed against the beautiful Trimurti in wide shot as Vanitha is filming her. She has thrown back the nagaab of her burkha and is looking up in awe, completely absorbed. Vanitha zooms in to her face. INT. MUNNA’S ROOM - DAY 71 Munna is sitting on the floor, carefully sticking on little stickers on the backs of the portfolio pictures that say “Zohaib Shaikh, 5’10”, Moblie no. 9871412223”. The cat is asleep in a corner and the rain makes a low drumming sound on the roofs. Munna has put a vessel under a leak in his roof. Salim comes in from the rain and slumps down. He is in a rotten mood. Munna notices but decides not to ask. Salim takes out a cigarette, lights it and begins to smoke.