5) 4) dialog: Ladies and gentlemen, the artist has decided to make an appearance! (claps all round, some comments and laughter) I take great pleasure in presenting “building”, Arun’s new work. I don’t really need to formally introduce Arun, do I? (more comments and laughs Well the ignorant can read my expensive brochure! Now is the moment Arun hates the most! Arun come and say a few words! Everyone, T. Arun. Arun, be nice! (much clapping) Arun steps up and looks at the crowd.
5) 12) text: Arun, I am Miraj Husain from the Indian Council for Art. I’ve been talking to Vatsala about taking some works of yours for a group show to Munich, Brussels, London and Madrid. Arun nods, a little high and wanting to escape. Mona drifts away, bored.
29) 2) dialog: Hello stranger. Which floor do you live on?
29) 4) dialog: Mangal Nivas, na?
29) 6) dialog: Tell me did you speak to Andy Lau after that day, like I’d asked you to?
29) 8) dialog: So, what have you been up to? She grins at his guilty expression, and walks past him into the house. She sees the paraphernalia of the tapes around the TV. VATSALA (CONT’D) Ha, should’ve known, holed up at home watching porn!
29) 10) dialog: Then what is that?
29) 12) dialog: (teasing) What stuff? Huh? Why being so cagey?
29) 14) dialog: “Pehli chi..” Arun grabs it back from her. She lunges and picks up another and starts reading it as he struggles with her to get it back.
29) 16) dialog: Who’s ‘Yasmin Noor’? A small chase ensues. Finally Arun pins her down in the kitchen and wrests it from her. They are in an intimate lock. Vatsala reaches forward to kiss him, but he moves back. VATSALA (CONT’D) What? Not in the mood? He walks out of the kitchen. She’s left there, thoughtful.
30) 0) text: Vatsala and Arun wait as their order comes. Arun is in his own world, folding his serviette into neat triangles.
30) 1) dialog: We didn’t sell much. Arun nods. VATSALA (CONT’D) The market is a little slow, but I was hoping we’d do better. This slot at the Singapore Biennale better work out... You okay?
30) 3) dialog: You hardly talked to anyone at the show. Except that girl with Pesi. Who was she? 41.
30) 5) dialog: Oh Shai... she’s Pravin Edulji’s daughter. Pravin bought more art than anyone I know last year. I hope you charmed her? He lifts up his serviette and its a bird.
30) 7) dialog: You didn’t ask me why I came.
30) 9) dialog: I’ve wangled a show for you. Guess where. Arun is busy folding. VATSALA (CONT’D) Sydney. Arun looks up, suddenly interested. Vatsala smiles triumphantly. VATSALA (CONT’D) I wanted to surprise you! There’s this gallery I’ve been in touch with about Medha’s work and Gagan’s work, and with it I slipped in a catalogue of your work. They seem to really like it! They want to open their India section with you! Arun seems very happy. VATSALA (CONT’D) This will launch you internationally! I am SO excited!
30) 11) dialog: Tsk, of course Arun, duh! Where are you? It'll be fabulous! We’1l be on the world map! 45 42. Arun sobers down at the ‘we’. VATSALA (CONT’D) And of course you’ll get to see Shiv. How old must he be by now? Arun thinks and calculates. Then grins broadly.
103) 0) text: Vatsala and Arun are in a line at the check-in counter at the international airport. Arun is looking thoughtful. He turns to Vatsala.
103) 2) dialog: What? What do you mean?
103) 4) dialog: Go where?
103) 6) dialog: Where?! What’s Malihabad?
103) 8) dialog: Arun, don’t talk nonsense, you can’t just... Arun!! Arun is already walking away.