12) 0) text: Arun has finished unpacking. The apartment has been freshly painted. All the furniture is gone barring a large dining table in the corner, on which Arun has put his computer and lots of books. Siddheswari Devi is singing thumri on his computer. In the drawing room there are two hooks for fans, but only one has a fan. There’s a stack of cartons that he carries around looking for a loft. He finds one, pulls a stool and tries to open it. Its stuck fast. He gets a screwdriver and hammer and chips it open. In the light of his torch he finds a couple of broken pieces of furniture and a small cloth potli. These he throws on the ground, and stuffs the cartons in. He sits at the table and opens the cloth potli. In it there’s a photograph of a girl (16) and boy (10) with an old lady, all smiling in a studio against a background of a garden with tulips. There’s also an old surme daani, a ring on a chain and three DV tapes. The tapes have written on their spine - Pehli Chitthi, Doosri Chitthi and Teesri Chitthi, along with Yasmin Noor on each.
19) 0) text: We see Arun sitting there with the camera connected to the TV, looking amazed. He turns off the TV and looks around him. The same room, the same dining table. He realizes that Yasmin lived in this very house. He is intrigued by that, and starts thinking about it.
23) 0) text: Yasmin is walking through the Oval, shooting the Rajabhai Clock tower, the High Court and University. In a later cut we see the tall buildings at Nariman Point.
23) 1) dialog: Itni oonchi imartein! Pata nahin in logon ko dar kaise nahin lagta! Yeh sab daftar hain, aur log subah subah train, bus, gaadi le kar pahunch jaate hain. Saat baje se raaston par itni gadiyan! Yahan to kaam nau baje shuru ho jaata hai! Vahan ke tarah nahin, jahan nau baje Khalujaan apni pehli pyali chai ki mangatey hain!
26) 0) text: Yasmin is in a packed train at rush hour. The women have no sympathy for her camera, and the frame is shoved around. 39 36. She lifts the camera up till it is at head level, and she gets a wide angle close of the women shoved up against her. They are not amused. One of them gives her a baleful look.
26) 2) dialog: Kuch nahin. Bombay mein nayi hoon, to...
26) 5) dialog: Haan.
28) 0) text: Arun is watching the tape and looks like he hasn’t moved from where he was for the past few days. INT. YASMIN’S FLAT LANDING - DAY (D.V. FOOTAGE) 42 Yasmin is filming the lady in the flat next to hers, an old lady who doesn’t speak or appear to move, who sits with her chair facing the door.
28) 1) dialog: (to the lady) Hello Aunty! How are you? (whispering into the mike) Imran yeh mere flat ki bagal vali flat mein rehti hain. Pata nahin kyun yeh kuch nahin kehti. Nahi unke chehere ka rukh kabhi badalta hai. Kuch hua hoga inke saath. Bechaari.
31) 2) dialog: Yeh vale kitne ke hain?
31) 4) dialog: (whispered into the mike) Baap re! Suna Imran! (to the bangle seller) Nahin bhaiyya, nahin chahiye, bohot mehenge hain.
33) 0) text: Shai is watching Arun through her camera lens from a vantage point of a building terrace opposite. She trains her lens at him, watching as he watches Yasmin on his TV, sometimes going very close to the TV screen, his expressions, him pouring himself a drink, smoking a cigarette... We see Selva and a few others, skulking about behind her, trying to see what she’s doing, but she turns to look at them, and they shuffle off. Her phone rings.
40) 1) dialog: Haan, ab thoda haso na bai!
40) 3) dialog: Arre haso na! Tumhare sundar daat to dikhao! Chota smile, please! Please!
40) 5) dialog: Aur Vanitha kidhar hai? Vanitha, saamne aao! Arre aao na, kuch nahin hota.. A young girl (14 yrs) comes and shyly stands next to her mother, giggling. YASMIN (0.C.) (CONT’D Imran bhai, yeh hain Latabai aur unki beti, Vanitha! (to them) Mere bhai ko hello bolo!
40) 10) dialog: Vah, yeh Vanitha toh bohot samajhdar hai, bai. Vanitha kaun se class mein ho?
40) 12) dialog: Accha? To phir english mein kuch bol ke sunao? thinks but is struck by shy giggles.
40) 15) dialog: Vah! Bai yeh to bohot hoshiyaar hai!
40) 17) dialog: Theek hai!
50) 1) dialog: (whispering) Imran, voh dekho Bombay. Door se itna shant lagta hai. Suddenly the boat engine grinds to life. The camera swings round, and Vanitha comes up to the camera.
51) 0) text: We see Yasmin framed against the beautiful Trimurti in wide shot as Vanitha is filming her. She has thrown back the nagaab of her burkha and is looking up in awe, completely absorbed. Vanitha zooms in to her face. INT. MUNNA’S ROOM - DAY 71 Munna is sitting on the floor, carefully sticking on little stickers on the backs of the portfolio pictures that say “Zohaib Shaikh, 5’10”, Moblie no. 9871412223”. The cat is asleep in a corner and the rain makes a low drumming sound on the roofs. Munna has put a vessel under a leak in his roof. Salim comes in from the rain and slumps down. He is in a rotten mood. Munna notices but decides not to ask. Salim takes out a cigarette, lights it and begins to smoke.
52) 0) text: Yasmin is filming the sea coming up to froth against her toes. One can see the black hem of her burkha getting wet. She zooms in to her toes, as she digs them into the wet sand. She leans down and starts to write her name in Arabic, with pretty flourishes, and loses it in the tug of one wave. 73 59. This time she quickly writes her name, and as she finishes it, the wave takes it away. Then she writes her full name - Yasmin Noor - and then its erased. Then as a kick she writes - (atb)2 = a2 + 2ab + b2, and then its gone. She laughs.
52) 1) dialog: Yahan kuch nahin tik sakta. Aur yeh samundar sab kuch leke chup rehta hai. Main ise kuch bhi keh sakti hoon, apne saare raaz bata sakti hoon, aur voh sab samundar ke gehrai mein kho jaayenge. Voh kisi ko nahin bataega. INT. SHAI’S APARTMENT - DAY 73 Shai is fixing herself some lunch in her kitchen. She has got some cold cuts and salad leaves and vegetables and she’s making a sandwich with Agnes hovering around her.
59) 0) text: Arun is painting and he gets stuck for ideas at a point. He stares at the canvas for a long while. Then he suddenly remembers Yasmin’s chain. He puts down his brush and gets out the chain and the ring. He gently examines the ring, turning it round in the light. It is a delicate pearl set in silver which has become tarnished. Arun smells it, looks at it, then tries it on one of his fingers. It doesn’t fit any. He takes the ring and chain into the bathroom and puts them into a mug of soapy water. Then he uses his toothbrush to clean them.
60) 0) text: Arun is wandering around the beach in the afternoon, the drumbeats playing in his head. His beard has grown. He walks around, observing, and we see a chain around his neck. It is Yasmin’s chain with the ring on it. He takes off his shoes and wiggles his toes in the sand. He draws some squiggles in the sand which get washed away. He looks happy.
64) 0) text: It rains outside while Arun is painting. In the background Yasmin is walking to and around Haji Ali. He is doing a big canvas, and he seems completely absorbed, stopping from time to time to drink tea and watch the tape.
65) 0) text: Yasmin is walking to and around Haji Ali. 88 89 90 91 92 93
67) 0) text: We see a segment where Yasmin has bought herself a birthday cake, and has lit candles on it. She places it in front of the camera, cuts a piece and smilingly feeds it to the camera (her brother). Arun pauses the tape and comes very close to the TV as if to eat the cake. INT. SHAI’S APARTMENT (DARK ROOM) - LATER - NIGHT Shai is in her darkroom, showing Munna how she makes prints. He is fascinated by her, and she knows it. INT. SHAI’S APARTMENT (BALCONY) - LATER - NIGHT Later she brings a bottle of single malt and two glasses. She offers him one, he refuses, she presses him so he takes one and takes a sip. It tastes ugly to him, and she is vastly amused. She is mildly flirtatious in her manner. Later she has fallen asleep. Munna comes very close to her and looks at her face as she sleeps. He bends over as if he’s kissing her lips, seeing what it would be like if he did. Then very quietly he gets up and leaves.
70) 0) text: Yasmin has put the camera on and she sits fairly close in front of the camera. She looks downcast.
70) 1) dialog: Bhai, dus din mein Bakrid hai aur tumhe pata hai hum bakrid se kitna darte hain. Hume always bura lagta hai, ki vahi jinhe itne pyaar se bada karte hain, unhi ki kurbani deni padti hai... Ghar mein main kaise chhup jaati thi... (thinks, then a little more upbeat) Voh to hain nahin Bambai mein, par yahan unki khala ne hume bulaya hai Bakrid ke din. (MORE)
70) 3) dialog: To humne soch liya hai ki kaun si bimari ki vajah se hum nahin ja paenge... Julaab! (giggles) Yaad hai, jab maulvi saab aate the, kaise hum pet mein dard, sar mein dard, bahane banakar nikal jaate the! Yeh khala ka maamla kuch vaisa hi hai!... Chaliye abhi ke liye itna hi. Itne din ho gaye, lekin hum yeh tape khatam hi nahin kar pa rahe hain! Saari kahabar tab tak baasi ho gayi hogi! Khair, ‘better late than never’, hai na?
76) 1) dialog: (sitting in front of the camera, looking very downcast) Pata nahin logon ko yeh sab shaadi ka chakkar kyun accha lagta hai. Mujhe shaadi karni hi nahin chahiye thi. Lekin meri kisine nahin suni. Main kitni khush thi... Ek baat bataoon? Unki aur koi aurat hai. (looks down and away) Mujhe kuch poochna tha unse, to mobile ka nambar ghumaya, to ek aurat utha kar kehti hai “tum kaun?” Humne kaha unki Missus. Voh hansne lagi, aur unko bulate hue kaha - “badi bholi maloom padti hai! Kahan se laye usko?!” She covers her face with her hands for a long moment. Then she looks up at the camera. She smiles, a little sad. YASMIN (CONT’D) Khair chhodo in baaton ko... Us din phone par main itni khush ho gayi ki bohot sari baatein poochna bhool gayi. Exam mein kitne number mile? Aur Chhoti kaisi hai? Ab to aam aane lag gaye honge baag mein! Yahaan ke aam mein voh taste kahan!... She smiles at the memory. 103 104 75.
80) 0) text: Yasmin is shooting a plane flying over the buildings. It sounds very loud, flying low over the skyline. She follows it till its out of sight. In a separate cut, she focuses on a street celebration; some people are pushing along their god on a small cart amidst drums and dancing.
81) 0) text: Arun is painting as the tape is playing. There’s snow on the screen as it seems the recorded portion is over, and Arun has just left it to run to the end. Suddenly an image appears on the screen. Arun turns to it surprised, and comes closer to it to see. Yasmin has put the camera on the table and she goes to sit in front of it. She looks depressed and smiles sadly.
82) 1) dialog: Yeh mera akhri khat hai. Pata nahin yeh tum tak pahunchegi ya nahin. Allah tumhe khush aur salaamat rakhey. Mujhse gussa mat hona. Maine bohot koshish ki hai. Ammi aur Abbu ko bhi samjha dena. 109 110 78. She has tears in her eyes and she gets up and turns the camera off.
91) 0) text: Arun is sitting by the sea as the first light of day breaks. In his hand he holds Yasmin’s chain with the ring which he had worn earlier. 119 120 121 122 123 124 82. He fingers the ring, looks at it with affection, brings it briefly to his lips and then throws it into the sea. Then suddenly, as he watches it sink, he changes his mind. He scrambles over the rocks and runs to get it back. He gets into the water. Its murky and cold. He swims around under water until he finally sees it sinking, and in the nick of time manages to catch it.
97) 0) text: Shai is walking through the narrow lane of the slum looking for Munna. People look curiously at her. 127 INT. ARUN’S NEW APARTMENT - DAY 127 Arun is standing in his empty new apartment. He goes over to a bubble-wrapped canvas and tears it open. It is his Yasmin work. He takes it out and puts it up on the blank wall and looks at it.