5) 0) text: JIM in the backseat packed with HUSBAND, WIFE, CHILDREN,  DOG, MOTHER-IN-LAW. Between boy and man, eyes ancient and new. He wears his favorite color: black -- torn black chi paint-spotted black t-shirt, a slouch his favorite pose b the eyes and smile can be warm and shy like a little boy, gentle surface, storm in the brain. The HUSBAND, now looking at Jim a little nervously, pushe up the Perry Como on the radio... as it cuts to a sudden  news flash:
20) 74) text: As they walk off, the two of them along the edge of the  Pacific. A dog jumping for a frisbee. The music of MOONLI DRIVE now riffs over the real song now.
71) 9) text: DOG reaching in, dragging Jim's face up by the hair. Stic Mike's greasy eggs and bacon in front of Jim.
71) 10) dialog: Hey Jim, come on babe, eat this. . .  one last place to go. Ray's getting  it on.
71) 21) dialog: Whatcha doing! Oh fuck.
71) 23) dialog: (lifting Jim out of  there) Come on Jimbo, one more place to go.  Ray's getting married man, this  morning, remember! You're the best  man.
71) 27) dialog: (to Jim) Come on man, toe the line. Boots to  the pavement. Let's walk.
72) 0) text: JIM, loose, wanders right into the traffic, waving to any trying to hitch a ride. DOG and the OTHERS going after hi Jim seen slipping a tablet from his pocket into his mouth
75) 80) text: Exiting with the other Doors... Dog picking the duck up f the floor.
75) 81) dialog: Hey, fuck him, let's eat this thing.
76) 0) text: The backbeat of NOT TO TOUCH THE EARTH as a DOCUMENTARY F CREW, moves past us directed by MIKE and DOG and TOM shoo past us, sun guns, nagras ("Rolling! Speed!") then... A mad rush of HANDS and SCREAMS as SHAPES whip by under  swinging light-bulbs -- big BLACK BODYGUARDS, six or seve of them, bulling their way thru the grasping faces, as  MORRISON appears... camera swinging wildly with him to re
84) 4) text: As DOG hauls the shaman king off in a bearhug, smiling st immaculate.
91) 0) text: SIDDONS, the manager tugs on MORRISON who's getting souse with DOG, TOM, MIKE, and ROTHCHILD the producer. The P.A. SYSTEM announcing the departure of the Miami flight!
91) 8) dialog: I can't fly sober.
91) 13) dialog: (to Bill) You're an awful little guy to be  talking like that.
94) 8) dialog: Nah, it's a douche bag on a dixie  cup.
94) 23) dialog: Yeah. What's wrong with being fat.
94) 47) text: A full fledged food fight in progress. Dog, Tom, Jim, Mik pushing and shoving. A drink spills over an innocent  PASSENGER.
94) 48) dialog: Incoming!
99) 11) text: The crazy VEGETERIAN HIPPIE runs out on stage to give Jim the white lamb to make this political point. Jim holds th lamb in his arms. It's purring, gentle. DOG chases the HI off as he gives the microphone back to Jim and takes the  lamb from him... he staggers over to ROBBIE and goes down his knees, pretending to give him head on his frantic sto guitar solo. JIM &amp; DOORS Your ballroom days are over baby  Night is drawing near  Shadows of the evening  Crawl across the years  You walk across the floor  With a flower in your hand  Tryin to tell me no one understands
99) 49) text: He looks like he's really gonna tear it all off now. A fl of boxer shorts. RAY moving. SIDDONS moving. DOG getting him first, wrapping him in a bearhug from behind, lifting him holding his pants up.
105) 0) text: JIM dangles out on the narrow ledge that circumscribes th 20th floor rooftop -- wind blowing thru his wild hair, th card zooming by like racer lights on Sunset below. The so LA WOMAN continues born from this renewed feeling of dang JIM &amp; DOORS  Well I just got into town 'bout an hour ago  Took a look around, see which way the wind blow  Where the little girls in their Hollywood bungalows PAM screaming for him to come back from the edge as TOM B and MIKE and DOG and a CAMERAMAN film in 16mm.
105) 38) text: Ray, Tom, Siddons, Mike, Dog, they all watch in horror,  sensing it will happen. They have even stopped filming.  Inches... inches. He dodges her touch, confused... to the last possible sec Then SHE'S THERE -- in his arms. Her arms latch around hi and she hugs him with all her wiry soul.
115) 0) text: Off the patio windows of the birthday party, sounds and  sunshine pouring in. The Clown running around, laughter. music plays -- BRUCE at the mixing board. JIM &amp; DOORS  Riders on the Storm (x2)  Into this house we're born  Into this world we're thrown  Like a dog without a bone  An actor out on loan  Riders on the storm Where we and Jim came in, I guess. Jim drinks from a cogn bottle straight, foot tapping, enjoying it, knows it's go but other things are calling. This is history.
117) 0) text: The beach is behind them, the last of the frisbee players and dogs, the skaters go by, as we continue to hear RIDER from within.