21) 9) text: They're drained, tired, in a large rehersal/living room 3 feet high, fronted by large glass windows looking out at beach at Marina. The room is filled with golden, gorgeous setting sunlight. PAMELA goes to the kitchen with DOROTHY, Ray's Japanese  fiancee.
23) 3) text: It goes. The famous organ intro to LIGHT MY FIRE blends o the room like magic, carrying JIM, ROBBIE, JOHN, DOROTHY, PAMELA along over:
27) 0) text: JERRY, the ex-vice cop manager who runs the joint, can't  understand the appeal, talking to JIM and ROBBIE who are  packing and hauling their equipment out. DOROTHY is there
30) 0) text: A dented RED CHEVROLET fishtails on a dry mudflat, whippi up dustdevils. They're all LAUGHING (strange noise) -- in a circle somew on the edge of a precipice in deep arroyos and magnificen rocks and cacti... A football huddle of faces - RAY, JOHN, ROBBIE, JIM -- th four DOORS... laughing with the first mad impulse of the  peyote. PAM is vomiting her brains out as DOROTHY tries to comfor her on the edge of a cliff... Jim panthers up the dune.
30) 21) dialog: (into the same lens) Oh my God, the light, it's so  beautiful Ray. Can you see it...  it's all one... honey?
36) 12) text: The SCREAMS primal, pure Jim -- Indian savagery ripped fr the depths of his soul, of his pain -- bouncing off the  walls... As the AUDIENCE gasps, shocked, stunned... As the guitar hits a high, horrid reverb, JIM in slightly SLOW MOTION suddenly tightens his backbone as if electroc and shoots violently backwards, hitting the floor like a  puppet cut from his string -- we sense Jim himself has cr a barrier now, gone into yet another stage of his perform a stage from which he can never return. Like the gunfight who has killed his first man. RAY sees it instantly where it's going, hits the organ! R and John follow. the instruments EXPLODE all at once tryi to bury Jim in his primal unmistakeable scream. The CLUB in shock. Tribal taboo broken in one instant. Je exploding off the balcony toward the stage... Pamela, extremely moved and impressed, and Dorothy... the go girls, as jaded as they come, are stunned tension... t groupies love it. Jim has jumped up now, dancing an Indian war dance around the mike.
73) 0) text: RAY and DOROTHY take their vows in front of a HIPPIE PRIE ROBBIE and JOHN and their WIVES-TO-BE, and OTHERS from th BAND look on. PAMELA is all decked out in her best, wedding clothes, re satins from Morocco, five-inch clog heels, flowers in her hair. Looking around pissed as:
75) 4) text: RAY and DOROTHY walking in. ROBBIE and JOHN general commo Dorothy immediately seeing the duck, runs to it...
75) 5) dialog: Oh the duck!
75) 25) dialog: (calming Pamela) Come on Pam, let's put out the  plates...
75) 38) dialog: Yes, let's go into the kitchen. The  duck's ready.
75) 64) text: They struggle, she goes for the carving knife, Dorothy an Ray trying to restrain her. OTHER GUESTS keep talking as things are quite normal. Pam breaks through Dorothy -- co after Jim
113) 0) text: DOROTHY opens the door. Jim a stack of presents under his arm.
113) 2) dialog: We're trying to have another baby.
116) 0) text: JIM, a bearded Santa Claus with the birthday hat on his h surrounded by the GIRLS and BOYS and DOROTHY shooting a h movie. They're eating birthday cake but UNCLE JIM is drin straight from the cognac bottle -- a strange sight.
116) 3) text: He laughs, looks at Dorothy who's shooting him with the S 8.
116) 6) dialog: (nodding) You'll never be alone Jim.