9) 4) dialog: Wow! Hi... (looking at the tree) You have a problem with doors?
9) 8) dialog: (impressed) Wow! You followed me? Why?
9) 11) dialog: (mesmerized, awkward) Wow... neat... (looks back) ...maybe you should meet my old man?
9) 16) dialog: Pam...
10) 12) dialog: No it wasn't. It was worse!
11) 8) text: He slows, a dramatic young lion pose, surveying the girls
12) 2) text: Camera moving to reveal JOHN DENSMORE wiry, solid on the  drums... moving on to ROBBIE KRIEGER, wispy, ethereal loo the youngest, flamenco-type moves on his early electric  guitar. Also a HARMONICA PLAYER and a BASE. They all seem slightly embarrassed by either the cheap sound system fee or Ray's warbling, but the crowd couldn't care less -- a  German beerhall, they want noise and sex. JIM and his GANG, beers in hand, mouth back the words, be everywhere shoved to the smokey ceiling, everyone on thei feet, nuts with spring fever. Jim eyeing the GIRL next to him.
12) 4) dialog: (waiting, intrigued) No what?
12) 6) dialog: What!
12) 14) text: They love it. The place going wild. The girl with the foo player wanting him.
25) 0) text: "THE DOORS -- BAND FROM VENICE" on the marquee... moving  down to a motley crew of TEENAGE GIRLS, underage, trying get past the BOUNCER. The sounds of BREAK ON THROUGH carr past when the doors open and close admitting a SAILOR.
25) 3) dialog: Oh please. I forgot my I.D.. I'm on  the list.
29) 11) dialog: (withering look, very  hip) "Love".
29) 13) dialog: They're the best... better'n the  Beatles.
29) 15) text: The GIRLS looking at each other like who is this jerk.
29) 16) dialog: And who are you?
29) 18) text: Laughter from the GIRLS.
29) 19) dialog: (contempt) The Doors. I heard of you. That's  the dumbest name. I wouldn't go to  the Fog if you paid me.
29) 22) text: Meanwhile DENSMORE is hitting up on GIRL 2.
29) 24) dialog: I don't have a phone number. So give  me your number then.
29) 27) dialog: (intrigued, to Jim) Well, would you leave my name at the  door?
29) 29) dialog: Caprice.
29) 31) text: A look between Jim and Caprice. Pamela pulling Jim away,  gives the girl a look.
36) 12) text: The SCREAMS primal, pure Jim -- Indian savagery ripped fr the depths of his soul, of his pain -- bouncing off the  walls... As the AUDIENCE gasps, shocked, stunned... As the guitar hits a high, horrid reverb, JIM in slightly SLOW MOTION suddenly tightens his backbone as if electroc and shoots violently backwards, hitting the floor like a  puppet cut from his string -- we sense Jim himself has cr a barrier now, gone into yet another stage of his perform a stage from which he can never return. Like the gunfight who has killed his first man. RAY sees it instantly where it's going, hits the organ! R and John follow. the instruments EXPLODE all at once tryi to bury Jim in his primal unmistakeable scream. The CLUB in shock. Tribal taboo broken in one instant. Je exploding off the balcony toward the stage... Pamela, extremely moved and impressed, and Dorothy... the go girls, as jaded as they come, are stunned tension... t groupies love it. Jim has jumped up now, dancing an Indian war dance around the mike.
40) 2) text: JIM swandives into the stoned crowd with the mike at the  instrumental section, a colored spotlight flecking him, G kiss him. The guys want to be him, the girls want him -- he knows it, teasing and tantalizing them...
40) 4) text: BODYGUARDS running in to pull him out as he's tossed, lik limp god, over the heads of the crowd, rolling like a buo on a rocking sea, from hand to hand, Dionysus, devoured l from limb by the "little girls". PAMELA watching from the side curtain. ALABAMA SONG (WHISKY BAR) now kicks in with its comic,  Brechtian strain as we:
41) 0) text: Screaming FANS chase the DOORS to a commercial airplane,  scribbling autographs. One of the GIRLS smacking JIM on t lips as he laughs, her cameras clicking. PAMELA shooting home movie of it, pushed aside by the crowd, rescued by R and the new young manager, BILL SIDDONS...
44) 0) text: A LIMOUSINE pulling up in front of the Ed Sullivan Marque The sidewalk is mobbed with FANS, mostly YOUNG GIRLS.
45) 0) text: JIM looking out at the MOB with the other DOORS and PAMEL The look on his face is ironic. His POV -- the YOUNG GIRLS' FACES, arms grasping at the  windows like tentacles of a poisonous hydra, their faces  deformed by SILENT SCREAMS (we hear faint strangled shrie below the song)... POLICE and SECURITY pressing them back linking arms to clear a path for the Doors.
45) 3) text: Their voices distorting. A GIRLCHILD squeezing thru the c with the fatal bullet. In slightly SLOW MOTION, Jim seein her come... as she glues herself hip to hip, lip to lip w Jim, her hands clawing at his leather pants. It takes TWO COPS to peel her off. Pamela furious. Jim is gracious wit everyone, signs patiently, talks, kisses, shakes hands wi the boys, lets them touch his hair, his body, poses for a picture, seems to like it.
47) 0) text: Bedlam. MAKE-UP ARTISTS pancaking the faces of the DOORS the nightmare coming true. RAY in a white suit with too m pinstripes. ROBBIE a spearmint turtleneck, beads, long  sideburns, JOHN in red velveteen head to foot with a tie- splotch on the front of it. Their hair's being violated e by a nervous gay black HAIR DESIGNER to make them totally self-conscious and nervous about their first live TV  appearance -- all except JIM who remains in his signature black leather with the silver navajo belt and shiny spang watching a portable TV... A GIRL leaving his side, crossi Pamela. Eye contact between them speaks of Pamela's jealo
48) 4) text: Jim misses his marks deliberately, the camera having a ha time following him. JIM &amp; DOORS You know that it would be untrue  You know that I would be a liar  If I was to say to you  Girl, we couldn't get much higher  Come on baby light my fire
55) 13) text: JOHN DENSMORE appearing with a wasted looking ROBBIE who giggling, high, and with a NEW GIRLFRIEND in tow.
60) 0) text: An eager rowdy CROWD chants DOORS! DOORS! DOORS! DOORS! t stage without the Doors. TECHIES are moving amplifiers,  running sound checks, stalling time, the MANAGER SIDDONS  gauging the crowd, nervous. RICH GIRLS and LOCAL HONCHOS  have backstage passes. COPS crawling over the stage, the  PROMOTER of the concert trying to get the crowds attentio
64) 3) text: The FANS go wild, to the farthest reaches of the arena, a he grabs his crotch and shakes it at them. INSTAMATICS  flashing rapidly as the KIDS press forward at Jim fondlin the mike stand, sliding up and down its smooth shaft. JIM &amp; DOORS Well the men don't know  But the little girls unnerstan'...
64) 4) text: Joints sail onto the stage at his feet, ready to be smoke A TEENAGE BOY &amp; GIRL make a break thru the cordon of the front of the stage, heading for Jim. The Cops chase t down mid-stage, and wrestle them back to the edge -- thro them back into the audience. JIM &amp; DOORS When all the good people are trying  to sleep  I'm out there making my midnight  creep  Yeah, cause I'm a backdoor man  The men don't know  But the little girls unnerstan'...
74) 39) text: Strains of YOU'RE LOST, LITTLE GIRL drift in, setting a m ominous tone.
75) 39) text: John's GIRLFRIEND is trying to introduce the BLACK SINGER Jim.
84) 0) text: JIM, mind totally gone into his trance, spreading his arm like wings, hopping from one foot to the other like a sha around his microphone, whirling, yelling out great reward for the tribe. Plentiful antelope, healthy corn. The kids are going wild -- writhing like maenads in his  intoxicating embrace. Embers from an enormous BONFIRE dri past the stadium lights into the night. But the KIDS,  increasingly frustrated by a barrage of COPS, cannot see  their leader and now push against the cops with the very  result the authorities seek to repress. JIM &amp; DOORS Who lives in a well by the side of  the road  Wake up girl! We're almost home  We shall see the gates by morning  We shall be inside by evening  Sun, sun, sun  Burn, burn, burn  Moon, moon, moon!
85) 13) text: He's so concerned, so solicitous that both girls crack up laughing.
99) 12) text: PHOTOGRAPHERS flashing cameras. BAKER urging him on from wings as he passes out. A GIRL runs onto the stage, dumps bottle of champagne on Jim's head. Jim takes his shirt of soaking wet. The CROWD is also stripping in the heat, shi blouses, screaming so much now they are obviously way pas listening to any song. It has become a view of the future the NAKED GIRL and BOY dancing stark naked drugged out in the middle of it all, the FAT GIRL prowling naked on the  edge of the stage before she's arrested, the FIGHTS in th Crowd, fists, blood, a black man chased and beaten, the s of Altamont here, the hippie flower trip gone to shit --  it's all come down here tonight, the end of an era. JIM &amp; DOORS Trade in your hours for a handful of  dimes  Gonna make it baby -- in our prime  Get together one more time  Get together
99) 36) text: He saunters to the edge of the stage. Hisses at them. He  clasps his crotch, leering at a cute LITTLE GIRL in the f row, shaking it at her. Her BOYFRIEND, pissed at Jim, run for the stage. Jim unzips his leathers.
99) 45) text: A flock of TEENAGE GIRLS are sure they've seen it, hyster
99) 46) dialog: I saw it!... Yes, yes! Jim! Jim!
99) 47) dialog: Where? I didn't see it.
99) 53) text: The place is in PANDEMONIUM now. GIRLS jumping on stage a dancing with Jim still in Vince the Roadie's bearhug. Ano RIOT... COPS fighting the TEENAGERS off the stage, now  wobbling under the weight.
101) 1) text: The face in the mirror won't stop  The girl in the window won't stop  A feast of friends alive she cried  Waiting for me  Outside!
105) 0) text: JIM dangles out on the narrow ledge that circumscribes th 20th floor rooftop -- wind blowing thru his wild hair, th card zooming by like racer lights on Sunset below. The so LA WOMAN continues born from this renewed feeling of dang JIM &amp; DOORS  Well I just got into town 'bout an hour ago  Took a look around, see which way the wind blow  Where the little girls in their Hollywood bungalows PAM screaming for him to come back from the edge as TOM B and MIKE and DOG and a CAMERAMAN film in 16mm.
108) 0) text: We see RAY, ROBBIE, JOHN, BOTNICK, a BASS and 2nd RHYTHM  GUITARIST, WIVES, GIRLFRIENDS but no Jim. They're really  driving, the music soars. PAMELA'S hair shaking as she sw to the beat. JIM &amp; DOORS With a little girl in a Hollywood  bungalow  Are you a lucky lady in the City of  Light?  Or just another lost angel -- City  of Night?
116) 0) text: JIM, a bearded Santa Claus with the birthday hat on his h surrounded by the GIRLS and BOYS and DOROTHY shooting a h movie. They're eating birthday cake but UNCLE JIM is drin straight from the cognac bottle -- a strange sight.