25) 1) dialog: (approaching, to 2nd  girl) Is that horny motherfucker in the  black pants here tonight?
26) 1) text: Some groupies have formed a small fan club at the base of the stage, muscling past PAM, but most people ignore them drinking, arguing, dancing to their own fuckbeats. Possib this has something to do with the fact that JIM sings wit his back to all of them. JOHN looking over furious at RAY who mutters under the mu
36) 12) text: The SCREAMS primal, pure Jim -- Indian savagery ripped fr the depths of his soul, of his pain -- bouncing off the  walls... As the AUDIENCE gasps, shocked, stunned... As the guitar hits a high, horrid reverb, JIM in slightly SLOW MOTION suddenly tightens his backbone as if electroc and shoots violently backwards, hitting the floor like a  puppet cut from his string -- we sense Jim himself has cr a barrier now, gone into yet another stage of his perform a stage from which he can never return. Like the gunfight who has killed his first man. RAY sees it instantly where it's going, hits the organ! R and John follow. the instruments EXPLODE all at once tryi to bury Jim in his primal unmistakeable scream. The CLUB in shock. Tribal taboo broken in one instant. Je exploding off the balcony toward the stage... Pamela, extremely moved and impressed, and Dorothy... the go girls, as jaded as they come, are stunned tension... t groupies love it. Jim has jumped up now, dancing an Indian war dance around the mike.
54) 0) text: Style vampires drink and grope and drug and dance under t staccato blips of strobe lights. Artists and intellectual groupies and debutantes, everyone on display, as contrive and replicated as one of the Warhol prints of Elvis or Ma and Mao on the walls... FISHEYE POVS -- hearkening back to the acid trip -- as JI wanders through the dream, drinking, smoking, swallowing  pills. PEOPLE look at him, talk to him (AD LIBS) but drug distort everything and their voices are foreign, incohere and they disappear. "PEOPLE ARE STRANGE" continuing: