1) 7) dialog: No music, No Doors. Let's roll... Is  everybody in?... Is Everybody in?...  Is everybody in? The ceremony is  about to begin...
1) 9) dialog: WAKE UP!!!! HAS THIS DREAM STOPPED!!!!
1) 11) dialog: Let me tell you about the heartache  and the loss of God Wandering  wandering in hopeless night Indian's  scattered on dawn's highway bleeding  ghosts crowd the young childs fragile  eggshell mind... (wind sounds)
1) 12) text: The GRIN on Jim's face magnesium flares out to:
2) 3) dialog: (continues over imagery) ...me and my mother and father and  grandmother and grandfather were  driving through the desert at dawn  and a truckload of Indian workers  had either hit another car or just --  I don't know what happened... Indians  were scattered all over the highway  bleeding to death.
3) 0) text: MOM, DAD, the youngest BABY in the front seat -- pointing the storm. GRANDMA &amp; GRANDAD in the back with JIM, about 4 and h SISTER, 3 asleep. Mom's a beauty and Dad's an austere handsome military man civilian clothes, mouthing words -- look, wake them up, a desert storm... but we barely hear A LIGHTNING BOLT shreds the blue sky with a thunderous so frightening dawn of creation... Grandma nudging Jim awake. His eyes open -- Just as the car turns the bend -- revealing An overturned TRUCK lying in the road -- dead and wounded INDIANS everywhere... A cop car, ambulance. A terrible  accident... The first thing Jim sees... An old INDIAN FACE staring at him... The car pulling alongside, Dad rolling his window down... asking if he can help (SOUNDLESS) A line of wailing INDIA
3) 2) dialog: ...but it was the first time I tasted  fear. I musta been about four, like  a child is just like a flower, his  head is floating in the breeze.
3) 3) text: Grandma trying to hide Jim's face but he looks back...
3) 8) text: A strange SOUND occurs -- the rattle of an ancient gourd, "shi-chi-chi, shi-chi-chi". Something flying through the  air. A bull-roarer, a whirling leather thong, announcing appearance of a shaman. INTO JIM -- his eyes staring out the back His receding po of view -- the Indians, the overturned truck...
3) 9) dialog: ...The reaction I get now looking  back is the soul of the ghosts of  those dead Indians -- maybe one or  two of them were just running around  freaking out and just leaped into my  soul -- and they're still there. (wind, music)
5) 0) text: JIM in the backseat packed with HUSBAND, WIFE, CHILDREN,  DOG, MOTHER-IN-LAW. Between boy and man, eyes ancient and new. He wears his favorite color: black -- torn black chi paint-spotted black t-shirt, a slouch his favorite pose b the eyes and smile can be warm and shy like a little boy, gentle surface, storm in the brain. The HUSBAND, now looking at Jim a little nervously, pushe up the Perry Como on the radio... as it cuts to a sudden  news flash:
5) 2) text: SLOW MOTION: The Husband's face distorting, saying someth on the track like: "What! God NO!" but it's subdued, low. Trying other stations. Jim turns to look out his window, as if he already knew.
5) 5) text: On Jim -- staring out the window. "Who's next!"
7) 0) text: She moves along its banks, as if the universe moved to he rhythm, turning once to look back. Jim caught in her eyes They're alone. Now he's the one seized by doubt. He slows pretends to take another interest.
9) 0) text: The two story house has a quaint run-down charm. Friends  have dropped by, people smoking joints, beers. She's on the upstairs balcony -- talking with a YOUNG MAN (professor type) in his 30's, who passes her a joint. JIM lurks in the shadows of the trees; he's been standing outside watching... The MUSIC shifts to the quieter LOVE  STREET.
9) 3) dialog: Hi...
9) 5) dialog: Waste of time...
9) 7) dialog: I followed you... from the beach...
9) 9) dialog: ...cause... you're the one...
9) 12) dialog: Later. You got a name?
9) 14) dialog: Mine's Jim.
9) 17) text: The ice broken in that instant. Jim smiles.
9) 18) dialog: Jim and Pam, Pam and Jim...
10) 0) text: On the screen a 16mm black and white student film of a  stunning BLOND in black bra, panties, garters dancing in  black heels on top of a TV set. panning down to images of goose-stepping Nazis and a Nuremberg rally on the set. So of lovemaking and an Indian peyote ceremony from the trac an Indian holy man incanting... Jim's VOICE comes on the  track as well.
10) 2) text: STUDENTS in the audience groan at the pretention of it. M to JIM's eyes hidden in his parka hood, peeking through a the screen. A CLOSEUP now of JIM on screen looking straight into the  lens as he takes a hit on a hash pipe, and winks.
10) 3) dialog: (on screen) Have you ever seen God? -- a mandala.  A symmetrical angel. Felt? Yes.  Fucking the Sun. Heard? The music.  Voices. Touched? An animal. Your  hand Tasted? Rare meat, corn, water  and wine
10) 5) text: RAY MANZAREK, a tall student with powerful voice and mann thick glasses, long hair sweeping down over his eyes, lea over to Jim.
10) 10) text: TRICK, BONES and JACK, three friends sitting next to Jim, shoot their hands up.
10) 20) dialog: I quit. (walks out)
11) 0) text: JIM, BONES, TRICK, JACK approaching the bar. MUSIC of "GL blasting from the door, CHICKS popping in and out, defini college crowd circa '65.
11) 7) dialog: You know what I think?
11) 10) dialog: You really want to know what I think?
11) 13) dialog: I think we gotta get really ripped!
12) 2) text: Camera moving to reveal JOHN DENSMORE wiry, solid on the  drums... moving on to ROBBIE KRIEGER, wispy, ethereal loo the youngest, flamenco-type moves on his early electric  guitar. Also a HARMONICA PLAYER and a BASE. They all seem slightly embarrassed by either the cheap sound system fee or Ray's warbling, but the crowd couldn't care less -- a  German beerhall, they want noise and sex. JIM and his GANG, beers in hand, mouth back the words, be everywhere shoved to the smokey ceiling, everyone on thei feet, nuts with spring fever. Jim eyeing the GIRL next to him.
12) 3) dialog: You know what I'd like to do to you?
12) 5) dialog: You really want to know what I'd  like to do to you?
12) 7) text: The FOOTBALL TEAM TYPES edge over nearby, one of them pic out Jim with a glare.
12) 8) dialog: (whispering) Wanna hear the scream of the  butterfly...
12) 11) dialog: (eluding the man) Can we have a couple of beers. You're  not even an asshole man -- you're a  semihole.
12) 12) text: He evades the football man's grasp, elusive physicality. hops over tables, heading for the stage. Other KIDS are u on the stage dancing, but Jim goes right up alongside RAY shaking his hips like Elvis. Ray giving him the mike. Imp time.
12) 13) dialog: (singing) She came to my room  She came on my floor  She came on my bed  She came on my face  Ooooooh I want to wrap your legs  around my head baby baby and her  name was Gloria
13) 0) text: JIM is insane on beers in the back seat, reaching over th wheel to try to drive the car for RAY who is flailing at  him. Jim pulling Ray's hair...
13) 1) dialog: (barely comprehensible) HA HA HA HA HA! COME ON, LET'S DRIVE  TO MEXICO MAN. TIJUANA. LET'S GET  LOST!
13) 2) text: Jammed into the sedan are TRICK, BONES, ROBBIE, JOHN... RAY &amp; ALL COOL IT JIM, COME ON COOL IT.
13) 3) dialog: FREEDOM!!! DON'T YOU KNOW YOU'RE ALL  SLAVES!
14) 0) text: SPECIAL EFFECT: JIM's head six inches from pavement movin at 60 mph through heavy traffic. Screaming, laughing like maniac. Beeping horns all over the place.
14) 1) dialog: DEATH OLD FRIEND!!
15) 1) dialog: 
15) 2) text: Awake!  Shake dreams from your hair, my pretty child my sweet one Choose the day and choose the sign of your day  The day's divinity the first thing you see Jim slides her upstairs' door open, crawls in next to her bed. She's asleep with her boyfriend. He touches her toe. She awakes, startled.
15) 3) dialog: Come on, come out for a walk, it's a  pretty night.
16) 0) text: JIM and PAMELA moving along the byways. A clear starry  California night.
16) 1) dialog: 
17) 0) text: Fires on the boardwalk. Hippies, Bums, Older People. JIM PAM move through talking, skipping, touching like childre
17) 1) dialog: 
18) 1) dialog: Can I stay with you tonight? We could  talk 'till dawn. I just don't want  to be alone.
18) 3) dialog: Okay. I promise.
18) 5) dialog: I bet you never expected life could  be this hard. (strokes her hair  affectionately) And you're still so young.
18) 7) dialog: I wonder where we'll be ten years  from now?
18) 9) dialog: Come on.
18) 10) dialog: 
20) 0) text: PAM glancing through Jim's notebooks as they sit on his  sleeping bag with a lantern and bunsen burner, overlookin moon, ocean, scudding clouds and a vast forest of televis antennas. Fires burn from the beach. In the notebooks, at intervals during the conversation, w see powerful sketches colored in visionary hallucinogenic William Blake mode with writing between. Books are everyw panning Kerouac, Ginsberg, Nietzsche, Rimbaud, Mailer, Ar mythological works, shamanistic books, a library of stole ideas.
20) 2) dialog: He's the medicine man who starts in  a peyote trance. And he gets everyone  in the tribe going and they share in  his vision and it heals them. It's  the same in all cultures -- Greeks,  Jesus. Some Indians say the first  shaman invented sex. He's the one  who makes you crazy.
20) 4) dialog: Uh (pause) no. I just write about it. What turns  you on?
20) 6) dialog: Is it? I don't know. I think you're  alive by confronting death -- by  experiencing pain.
20) 8) dialog: (looks at her, ironic) It's only thru death that you know  life. Jesus, medicine men heal people  by sacrificing their own life.
20) 10) dialog: I think life hurts a lot more than  death. When you die the pain is over.
20) 13) dialog: I bet your dad's a school teacher.
20) 15) dialog: I don't know.
20) 17) dialog: Military
20) 19) dialog: Yeah, about 8 times.
20) 21) dialog: Two.
20) 24) dialog: "...but one, the most beautiful one  of all dances in a ring of fire and  throws off the challenge with a shrug"
20) 26) dialog: I wrote it for you.
20) 32) text: Jim has approached closer, amused, looking down.
20) 33) dialog: Hey Ray, try acid man, it's  guaranteed.
20) 34) text: Ray opening his eyes -- his POV -- Jim, slouched, jacket  over his shoulder, sun behind him.
20) 36) dialog: I never had a bummer on acid.
20) 38) dialog: Whatever works. Making movies at MGM  yet?
20) 40) dialog: (laughs) We gotta take the planet back,  reinvent the Gods, make new myths.
20) 42) dialog: Never got there. Went out to the  desert and uh... got lost y'know.  Days. I been living on Trick's  rooftop. Got stuck on this chick...
20) 44) dialog: Writing. Poems. Songs.
20) 46) dialog: I can't sing.
20) 48) dialog: (suddenly sings) Let's swim to the moon un hunh  Let's climb thru the tide  Penetrate the evening  That the city sleeps to hide
20) 49) text: Jim has crouched, digging his hand in the sand. As the gr spill out of his fist he has his eyes closed. Ray pantomimes chords in the keyboard sand. All of a sudd we're in RAY'S POV -- a mystical moment. Jim singing, no  sound, then pure song, unadulterated by atmosphere.
20) 50) dialog: Let's swim out tonight love  It's our turn to try  Parked beside the ocean  On our moonlight drive
20) 51) text: Jim stops, shrugs. Ray looks at him a long beat. Intense  eyes, the manner of a man who knows what he wants and can be stopped.
20) 53) dialog: (pleased) ...could you write the music for  that down, if we went over to your  place, could you write that on your  organ?
20) 55) dialog: A bunch. It's like I'm taking notes  at a rock concert going on inside my  head. I actually hear the music --  the spirit of the wine y'know,  intoxication.
20) 57) dialog: ...be great wouldn't it?
20) 59) dialog: Hey why not, I could write the songs  with you guys.
20) 61) text: Jim laughs, loves Ray's ardor as they move along the ocea side.
20) 62) dialog: There oughta be great orgies man.  Like when Dionysus arrived in Greece,  he made all the women mad, leaving  their homes and dancing off in the  mountains. Great golden copulations  in the streets of LA. (looks at a passing  girl) Hey, do you know her?
20) 64) dialog: I got a name.
20) 66) dialog: The Doors.
20) 68) dialog: "The Doors of Perception"? Acid...
20) 70) dialog: It's from William Blake actually,  the line -- "when the doors of  perception are cleansed -- things  will appear as they truly are..."
20) 72) dialog: So where do we start? How do we start?  Where are the girls?
21) 0) text: The first heavy strains of BREAK ON THROUGH driving over DISSOLVE. It sounds bad technically, but it's hot. Random raw screams and shouting. PAM is crosslegged on the floor clapping to the music, number one fan. JIM &amp; DOORS (live) The day destroys the night  Night divides the day  Tried to run  Tried to hide  Break on thru to the other side
21) 1) text: JIM straining to make it work, jumping around violent, st not in control. Yet searching. JOHN cutting out.
21) 4) dialog: Let's try it again, come on. I'm  just getting into it.
21) 8) dialog: (to Robbie, aggravated) Then you write one man! We need more  songs anyway. We all gotta go back  and write.
21) 13) dialog: Got any more lyrics?
21) 15) dialog: Don't underestimate Death.
21) 20) dialog: (spontaneous) "No time to wallow in the mire  Try now we can only lose  And our love become a funeral pyre  Come on baby light my fire"
21) 22) dialog: Pretty good! Pretty neat!!
22) 0) text: As they go out, JIM hugging ROBBIE's head to his shoulder they feel the excitement of a new song.
22) 2) dialog: Aren't we? (to Robbie) That was great Robbie. Whaddaya  thinking about when you play?
22) 4) dialog: (laughs) Hey whadya say we take some of that  Tijuana acid and see what kinda  trouble we can get into tonight?
22) 6) dialog: Then we'll start a religion or plan  a murder or go to Tijuana.
22) 8) dialog: Why you wanna sleep with her John,  just to bug me?
22) 10) dialog: ...means "hell yes". She likes you  man, she really does and y'all should.  What's a rock and roll band for man,  if you can't party all night and do  bad things?
23) 3) text: It goes. The famous organ intro to LIGHT MY FIRE blends o the room like magic, carrying JIM, ROBBIE, JOHN, DOROTHY, PAMELA along over:
24) 2) dialog: (last session) The music was new black polished  chrome and came over the summer like  liquid night.
26) 0) text: BREAK ON THROUGH blasting out at us from a sleazehole --  half full -- BIKERS, SAILORS, HOOKERS, a baseball game on the TV. A dance floor the size of a bed, the DOORS on a t platform above the bar, London newspapers on the wall. JIM &amp; DOORS (live) We chased our pleasures here  Dug our treasures there  Can you still recall the time we  cried  BREAK on through to the other side  (3)
26) 1) text: Some groupies have formed a small fan club at the base of the stage, muscling past PAM, but most people ignore them drinking, arguing, dancing to their own fuckbeats. Possib this has something to do with the fact that JIM sings wit his back to all of them. JOHN looking over furious at RAY who mutters under the mu
26) 3) dialog: I found an island in your arms  A country in your eyes  Arms that chained us, eyes that lied (CHORUS)
26) 4) text: Jim jumps around violently to the front, getting the atte of all. Rubbing his leather pants against the mike stand, leaning against it, not yet comfortable with the extrover side of himself, eyes closed, but starting to enjoy it. H sings to Pam.
27) 0) text: JERRY, the ex-vice cop manager who runs the joint, can't  understand the appeal, talking to JIM and ROBBIE who are  packing and hauling their equipment out. DOROTHY is there
27) 3) dialog: (explains it, gentle) The greater the suffering, the more  terrible the events, the greater the  pleasure Jerry. They want it, it's  catharsis. Like the ancient Greeks.
27) 5) dialog: (laughs) But they understand Jerry. All our  real desires are unconscious and  unseen. . .
27) 7) dialog: You love us?
27) 17) text: He gives Ray a card, leaving, crossing to Jim and PAM tal
27) 25) text: The MANAGER on his way out leaning into Jim's face, slyly
27) 27) dialog: Ah, twenty one...
27) 29) dialog: I like a man wears his soul on his  face.
28) 0) text: MONTAGE EFFECT -- Jim sings "A Little Game" on the Fog st Super over WHISKEY sign.
29) 0) text: CU moving down -- the "LOVE" is on the marquee at the fam WHISKY A GO GO as we move down to see JIM, PAM, and the D Jim jumps through the TEEMING TRAFFIC (horns, anger) righ in front of a COP CAR, crossing to a long line of teenage FANS dying to get into the club.
29) 1) dialog: (to Ray, innocently) Jesus Ray, every girl out there wanted  to fuck me, I could feel it for the  first time!
29) 3) dialog: (to the band) Guys, I'm serious about the desert,  we still gotta deepen man, we gotta  take some peyote -- all of us  together, we got one more stage to  go...
29) 5) dialog: Are you satisfied?
29) 7) dialog: It's not acid John, it's peyote.  It's a bonding ceremony. It's got to  be more... more... more...
29) 10) dialog: (to girl in line) Who's on now?
29) 12) dialog: Yeah, Arthur Lee's cool.
29) 14) dialog: You mean the Marx Brothers of music,  we could blow 'em away.
29) 17) dialog: The Doors... We're up the street at  the Fog.
29) 20) dialog: Oh yeah what would you do for money?
29) 28) dialog: Well I don't know. What's your name?
29) 30) dialog: Caprice? That's the dumbest name I  ever heard.
29) 31) text: A look between Jim and Caprice. Pamela pulling Jim away,  gives the girl a look.
29) 32) dialog: Hey! I am the Lizard king. I can do  Anything! Raise your hands if you  understand! Alive, any of you alive --  let's take a poll -- how many of you  know you're really alive!!
29) 33) text: The crowd giggles. Jim climbs a pole, yells.
29) 34) dialog: No one? Raise your hands c'mon man...  let's go.
29) 35) text: On the crowd. A few raise their hands, smile. We IRIS in on the Doors suddenly -- a strange sound -- RE IRIS on Jim -- feeling it now. The peyote. JIM's POV -- Pam irising out. This strange sound in his e a rattle of an Indian gourd, similar to what we heard in car in Arizona when Jim was a boy. Now a distant Indian d beating. The beginning strains of THE END dribble in.
30) 0) text: A dented RED CHEVROLET fishtails on a dry mudflat, whippi up dustdevils. They're all LAUGHING (strange noise) -- in a circle somew on the edge of a precipice in deep arroyos and magnificen rocks and cacti... A football huddle of faces - RAY, JOHN, ROBBIE, JIM -- th four DOORS... laughing with the first mad impulse of the  peyote. PAM is vomiting her brains out as DOROTHY tries to comfor her on the edge of a cliff... Jim panthers up the dune.
30) 1) dialog: Everybody having a good time?
30) 3) dialog: ...awright, pretty good, it gets  better.
30) 4) text: Jim holds his head. Feels the ride.
30) 5) dialog: WOA!! It's fast.
30) 6) text: JUMP CUTS: Jim and Pam are touching each other. Face. Sha Sand falls from Pam's hand. Jim turns to hawk at a bird.  "Hawk! Hawk!" Then Pam is dancing alone on the dune. Abruptly Jim is back in the circle with the Doors in a se torn between them and Pam. EXTREME CLOSEUPS of their face their eyes, the tensions of the trip tearing apart their  teeth as they go from the laughing to the dangerous part.
30) 7) dialog: When the serpent appears, his head  is ten feet long and five feet wide.  He has one red eye and one green  eye. He's deadly and he's seven miles  long. As he moves -- on his scales  is written all the history of the  world, all people, all actions, all  of us our little pictures on the  scales, God it's big! -- and it's  eating as it moves all the time,  devouring, digesting consciousness,  power, a monster of energy!
30) 8) text: John shutters -- as does Robbie and Ray. Jim seems posses
30) 9) dialog: We must kiss the snake on the tongue,  if it senses our fear, it will eat  us instantly. But if we kiss it  without fear, the snake will take us  through the garden and out the gate.  To our freedom -we must ride this  snake. To the end of time.
30) 12) dialog: You're fucked up John. Go with it,  confusion is the sound of creation.
30) 14) dialog: No no no John John. God is crazy  too. God is part insane as well as  sane. Not in control all the time.  Dionysus was the God of the wine. He  made ecstasy but he also made madness.  Madness is all right. That's what  you want, isn't it, isn't it? Where's  that joint?
30) 16) dialog: Die Robbie.
30) 19) text: Jim looking at her, smiles.
30) 20) dialog: I love you.
30) 24) dialog: Pain makes me feel more alive Ray.  Pain is meant to wake us up. People  try to hide their pain but they're  wrong.
30) 26) dialog: (whispers) Pam wants you. (normal) You're a good Catholic John, you  want it so you can feel guilty about  it... Fuck death away John.
30) 28) dialog: Maybe you should kill your father  Robbie. He tried to kill you. Kill  him!
30) 30) dialog: But you're Alive! It's beautiful!  Fear, pain, lust, we've got to know  all our feelings before we can come  out the other side free men. Don't  feel ashamed of yourselves, don't  let society destroy your reality.  Our freedom's the only thing worth  dying for, it's the only thing worth  living for!
30) 33) dialog: Then use us John, use our strength,  it's us four now, a tribe of warriors,  everything we have comes from the  same source, the great Creator of  Being. Trust him, trust us. Ride the  snake. . . I promise you I will be  with you till the end of time.
30) 34) text: Pulling John into the circle, bonding, their four heads s to the desert floor, Jim making wild Indian sounds, deep- throated "shoooh... shoooh"... now humming a song from th desert.
30) 35) dialog: My wild love went riding... mmmmmm.  She rode all the day. She ride to  the devil. And ask for him to pay...  shooo shoooo
30) 37) dialog: (ad lib) ...she went to the desert she went  to the sea Joseph we did see...
30) 38) text: Suddenly Jim breaks and rises out of the circle. Ray, Rob John, all looking at him. The same need. Pamela, the  desperation of her eyes.
30) 39) dialog: (to himself) ...I'm lying to you. I am scared.
30) 42) dialog: (looking back) I'll be back. I gotta go alone.
30) 45) text: His POV -- of her, receding. She screams for him. He's in pain. Cannot help her. A BIRD of prey in the sky. Jim moving across a lunar landscape. SPECIAL EFFECT: The is black like night or else white in a black sky. Voices the distance. "Jim, where are you going?" A mother's voic a father's voice.
33) 0) text: An OLD WOMAN is beckoning to him from an opening in the f of the mountain... then she's gone. JIM bounds towards the crevice.
34) 0) text: He is in an isolated cathedral of rocks. The CRONE, mutte leaving through another crevice. Suddenly a MOUNTAIN LION visible, stretched hugely across a rock. It growls  ferociously, upset, and suddenly shoots out the back of t cave. Silence. Jim, thunderstruck, gaping. A gallery of ancient INDIAN  PETROGLYPHS surround him on all sides. Curious, oblong  figures, buffalo, sacred deer and bear, creatures of the  hunt; hunters and their weapons, rain clouds, masked deit proclaiming the answers to the Mysteries, the story of  Creation. Camera weaving up to see one of the faces of the deities staring at him from the wall -- an eagle's face...
34) 3) text: The voice, the pretense, -- the glow too quickly fades -- leaving Jim so alone, not sure what he has heard, yet he  knows he has heard, and he knows he has seen -- and once have seen, it will never be the same again. His eyes.
35) 0) text: JIM exits the cave.
36) 0) text: EXTREME CLOSE on JIM'S EYES as he continues with THE END.
36) 2) text: The band has come together fully now. ROBBIE'S fingers sl across the trembling strings, staring at the ceiling,  wandering around the darkened portions of stage left, he  feels Jim -- echoes him back with his flamenco-blues guit JOHN on drums, reading Jim's moods, throws in the spontan and violent riffs that keep it savage. He literally tortu Jim's ears with his drums. And RAY, concentrated with his nodding head like a big  flamingo over his keyboard, mixing it up, throwing curves yet also -- and more delicately -- torturing Jim with the messianic organ sounds that shriek in his ears. There is  something of Merlin in Ray -- the alchemist knowing how t play Jim. And JIM -- "that sneaky silent lithe flowing flexing anim ready at last to share both his body and his soul with th world, to live out the words of the Indian prophet... to  lead.
36) 3) dialog: The killer awoke before dawn  He put his boots on  He took a face from the ancient  gallery  And he walked on down the hall
36) 4) text: Ray looks over up from his board, catches Robby with a 'w this?' look... They go with it, improvising... Jim clutching the mike tighter, seeking solace in its arm it all hangs in the air as if he doesn't have any idea wh he's going to say next.
36) 5) dialog: He went to the room where his sister  lived  And he paid a visit to his brother  And then he went on down the hall...
36) 7) dialog: And he came to a door, And he looked  inside "Father?" "Yes, son?" "I want  to kill you".
36) 9) dialog: Mother... I want to...
36) 11) dialog: AAAAAAAGGGGGGGHHHHHHH  YOOOOOUUUUUUUUUU!!!!! FUCK YOU ALL  NIGHT!
36) 12) text: The SCREAMS primal, pure Jim -- Indian savagery ripped fr the depths of his soul, of his pain -- bouncing off the  walls... As the AUDIENCE gasps, shocked, stunned... As the guitar hits a high, horrid reverb, JIM in slightly SLOW MOTION suddenly tightens his backbone as if electroc and shoots violently backwards, hitting the floor like a  puppet cut from his string -- we sense Jim himself has cr a barrier now, gone into yet another stage of his perform a stage from which he can never return. Like the gunfight who has killed his first man. RAY sees it instantly where it's going, hits the organ! R and John follow. the instruments EXPLODE all at once tryi to bury Jim in his primal unmistakeable scream. The CLUB in shock. Tribal taboo broken in one instant. Je exploding off the balcony toward the stage... Pamela, extremely moved and impressed, and Dorothy... the go girls, as jaded as they come, are stunned tension... t groupies love it. Jim has jumped up now, dancing an Indian war dance around the mike.
36) 13) dialog: Come on baby take a chance with us  (X3)  And meet me in the back of the blue  bus  Doona blue rog onna blue bus  Doona blue yeah!  Come on yeah!
37) 0) text: JIM is being muscled out the door by JERRY, livid.
37) 2) dialog: (ranting back at him) Kill the father, fuck the mother,  kill the father, fuck the mother --  that's what I'm into! That's what  I'm into!
37) 3) text: Jerry pinning Jim to the wall,
37) 5) dialog: (calmly smiling) You have the face of a pig man.
37) 6) text: Lost in the melee, RAY and JOHN springing Jim back from l death
37) 11) text: As they rumble by him, all yelling at once. Into the stre EXT. ALLEY &amp; STAIRCASE OUTSIDE WHISKY - THAT NIGHT The DOORS go sailing out, followed by one of their drums, JOHN and ROBBIE restraining Jim from going back in.
37) 12) dialog: TAKE A LONG LOOK OLD MAN. WE ARE THE  FUTURE. WE ARE THINGS TO COME.
37) 14) text: Wanting to come after Jim but restrained now by the RECOR MOGULS, HOLZMAN and ROTHCHILD.
37) 16) text: JAC HOLZMAN pushing past to Ray. Pamela separating Jim  visually from Jerry.
37) 28) dialog: (to Ray, pointing  back at Jerry) Hey, is that asshole gonna pay us?
38) 5) text: Camera moving fast past a smiling PAM watching, out to th DOORS on the floor, jamming... on to JIM in the vocal boo headphone to his ears.
38) 6) dialog: Come on baby, LIGHT MY FIIIRRRREEEE!!!
38) 8) dialog: (after song) Pretty good! Pretty neat!
40) 0) text: The CROWD is "beautiful" -- candles, incense sticks, flow vibes of peace and love. The instrumental of "Light My Fi is playing, but only three DOORS are on stage till Jim co swinging across on a rope like tarzan all the way across stage -- then drops down, rebounds lithely and hits the m
40) 1) dialog: (singing) The time to hesitate is through  No time to wallow in the mire.
40) 2) text: JIM swandives into the stoned crowd with the mike at the  instrumental section, a colored spotlight flecking him, G kiss him. The guys want to be him, the girls want him -- he knows it, teasing and tantalizing them...
40) 3) dialog: Try now we can only lose  And our love become a funeral pyre  Come on baby, light my fire  Try to set the night on  FIIIIIIIIIRE!!!!!
41) 0) text: Screaming FANS chase the DOORS to a commercial airplane,  scribbling autographs. One of the GIRLS smacking JIM on t lips as he laughs, her cameras clicking. PAMELA shooting home movie of it, pushed aside by the crowd, rescued by R and the new young manager, BILL SIDDONS...
43) 0) text: JIM'S face pressed to the window, PAMELA next to him hugg each other.
43) 1) dialog: (real close, hugging  her) I don't mind dying in a plane crash,  a smile on my face.
43) 3) dialog: I just don't want to go out slow --  brain tumor, botulism. I want to  feel what it's like, cause death is  only going to happen to you once.
45) 0) text: JIM looking out at the MOB with the other DOORS and PAMEL The look on his face is ironic. His POV -- the YOUNG GIRLS' FACES, arms grasping at the  windows like tentacles of a poisonous hydra, their faces  deformed by SILENT SCREAMS (we hear faint strangled shrie below the song)... POLICE and SECURITY pressing them back linking arms to clear a path for the Doors.
45) 3) text: Their voices distorting. A GIRLCHILD squeezing thru the c with the fatal bullet. In slightly SLOW MOTION, Jim seein her come... as she glues herself hip to hip, lip to lip w Jim, her hands clawing at his leather pants. It takes TWO COPS to peel her off. Pamela furious. Jim is gracious wit everyone, signs patiently, talks, kisses, shakes hands wi the boys, lets them touch his hair, his body, poses for a picture, seems to like it.
47) 0) text: Bedlam. MAKE-UP ARTISTS pancaking the faces of the DOORS the nightmare coming true. RAY in a white suit with too m pinstripes. ROBBIE a spearmint turtleneck, beads, long  sideburns, JOHN in red velveteen head to foot with a tie- splotch on the front of it. Their hair's being violated e by a nervous gay black HAIR DESIGNER to make them totally self-conscious and nervous about their first live TV  appearance -- all except JIM who remains in his signature black leather with the silver navajo belt and shiny spang watching a portable TV... A GIRL leaving his side, crossi Pamela. Eye contact between them speaks of Pamela's jealo
47) 11) text: On JIM, as they pancake him, reflective.
47) 12) dialog: No wonder "Light My Fire's" number  one.
47) 14) dialog: (friendly) The biggest mistakes in my life have  been haircuts.
47) 23) text: A look from the guys. Jim sullen. Tension in the air. Mr. Sullivan waiting.
47) 24) dialog: How 'bout, "girl you couldn't bite  my wire".
47) 29) dialog: Uh well, we're kind of a sullen group,  Ed.
47) 35) dialog: What -- are we the Beatles now John?
47) 37) dialog: Hey Ray, why don't you change your  name to Sid or Irving Manzarek or  something... it's only a word y'know.
48) 2) text: The lights come up on the DOORS in their ultimate nightma each Door appearing consecutively in a lightspot as Jim s the ubiquitous "Light My Fire", trapped in this Elvis Pre Vegas act, he looks like he couldn't care less. DOORS han suspended everywhere on the set -- their name spelled out big block standup letters. Jim has a hard-on in his pants, barely concealed by his t leathers.
48) 4) text: Jim misses his marks deliberately, the camera having a ha time following him. JIM &amp; DOORS You know that it would be untrue  You know that I would be a liar  If I was to say to you  Girl, we couldn't get much higher  Come on baby light my fire
49) 2) text: Jim on the monitors, singing through to his freedom, fall on the floor flat, the camera missing him completely.
49) 3) dialog: Come on baby, light my fire  Try to set the night on FIIIIRRRRRE!
50) 0) text: OVERHEAD ANGLE -- JIM lies there in a sweat. PAMELA pulls off him, naked, frustrated, trying to rouse him.
50) 2) dialog: I don't know... I guess I should see  a doctor or something... maybe I  should go to someone of the straight  Jungian philosophy.
50) 4) text: Jim, quietly pissed, reaches for the whiskey bottle at th side of the bed.
50) 5) dialog: It's so scary up there. To be adored.  Isn't that irony? Teenage death girls  want my dick -- a mere clown -- not  my words. I'll never wake up in a  good mood again... Lament for my  cock, a tongue of knowledge deep in  the feathered night, gives life,  soar and crucify, I seek to know  you...
50) 7) dialog: You should marry an insurance  salesman.
50) 9) dialog: We weren't built to last.
50) 11) dialog: You really know what I am Pam? You  know what poetry is? Where is the  feast they promised us? Where is the  wine -- the new wine -- dying on the  vine?
50) 13) dialog: Y'see -- I lied to you. I really  love Fame.
50) 15) dialog: (drinks) 'Cause you're in the room.
50) 18) dialog: Maybe you're the cause!
50) 20) dialog: I mean I don't have this problem  with anybody else.
50) 22) dialog: (getting it back) No!!!!! Mommy!!!
50) 25) dialog: (excited now) Get mad! Yeahhh! Love my girl! Yeah,  go fuck the other guys. How many  white guys have you fucked Pam? 10,  20? Black guys what? You like Chinese  dicks? Mongolian penis? 30?
50) 27) dialog: How could I do that
50) 29) text: Camera running at them from the end of the room. JIM laug manically as they roll off the bed into a wall. Kicking,  hitting hard.
50) 31) dialog: HA HA HA!! WILL YOU DIE FOR ME!
50) 33) dialog: I'D DIE FOR ANYBODY.
50) 35) dialog: CUNT CUNT CUNT.
50) 37) dialog: I'M SORRY I'M SORRY I'M SORRY.
50) 40) dialog: THEN MOVE TO MIAMI YOU SLAVE!!!
50) 42) dialog: (quietly) You were saying?
50) 44) dialog: (low) ...will you die for me, Pam, a clown,  a despicable clown?... a mere  despicable clown?
50) 46) dialog: ...I need a home. A place to hide.
50) 48) dialog: (mumbling) ...how could we make a home?... where  there's sanctuary?
50) 51) dialog: ...we're in Africa, we're just  animals... I wanna stay inside you  all night baby... let's fuck death  away, now fuck death away...
51) 0) text: Camera moving in past the buffet, champagne, flowers in t hotel suite overlooking CENTRAL PARK... to the DOORS in  armchairs surrounded by an informal group of a DOZEN  JOURNALISTS and PRESS PHOTOGRAPHERS... JIM behind dark sh drinking long Hawaiian fruit punches, decked out in snake
51) 3) dialog: Uh love death travel... revolt. We  all write the songs, we're interested  in anything about disorder, chaos,  especially activity which seems to  have no meaning... I think when you  make peace with authority, you become  authority.
51) 5) dialog: Yeah you can call us erotic  politicians I guess.
51) 9) dialog: ...a scapegoat maybe -- I take on  the audiences' fantasies, obeying  their impulses. When the impulses  are destructive, I'm destructive.  It's kinda like sucking the puss out  of a rattlesnake, something like  that.
51) 16) text: On Jim -- a beat. A sickly smile spreads.
51) 17) dialog: I guess when you say something like  that, it's a shortcut to thinking.
51) 20) dialog: (softly) I guess they didn't understand.
51) 22) text: Jim motions him over, whispers something at SIDDONS who g to fetch a pair of scissors.
51) 24) dialog: (embarrassed) Hey c'mon Ray, hate should be allowed.
51) 26) dialog: I like that -- "boozy apocalyptic" --  you're a word man, but how does your  newspaper influence young people to  think about Vietnam? Who's sending  the soldiers over there to die? The  establishment -- right? Your newspaper --  right? That seems to me a lot more  dangerous than the stuff we do.
51) 29) text: SIDDONS comes back in, hands Jim a pair of scissors.
51) 30) dialog: (graciously disdainful) Did you know Nietzsche said, "all  good consciousness, all evidence of  truth comes only from the senses"?  Hey you wanna arm wrestle? Come on,  you look pretty tough today. C'mon,  I'll take you all on.
51) 32) dialog: Part of the clown's wisdom -- it's  kinda the American way. You know we  spend more on alcohol and tobacco  than on education.
51) 35) dialog: Do you hurt?
51) 37) dialog: What hurts you the most?
51) 41) dialog: Uh... got tired of the barbie doll  look. It hurt.
51) 43) dialog: (cutting hair blindly) About? Y'know when people are joking,  I find they are dead serious and  when they're dead serious, I find  them funny.
51) 46) dialog: (pause) Actually, I don't really remember  being born. It musta happened during  one of my blackouts.
51) 47) text: Laughter. JOURNALIST 4 with dark hair and demeanor, gypsy like jewelry on her arm and avant garde clothing, large  glasses, is probably a rock magazine writer but seems to  like Jim and his work.
51) 49) dialog: (pause) Well, to be honest they're not living  anymore so I don't like to talk about  that.
51) 52) text: Jim puts the scissors down, going to a low mysterious voi
51) 53) dialog: Oh, it was a... horrible car crash...  in the desert in the fifties,  Arizona... ran right into a truckload  of Indians... Navajos, they were  lying out on the road, all bleeding,  and I was with my Grandma and Grandad,  we were banged up and all... and I  was looking at my Dad and he was  lying there... but his throat was  severed and there was air coming  out.
51) 57) text: Jim rises, staggers slightly as he makes his way to the b on the way out of the room, smiles right at her, ignoring everybody else in the room.
51) 58) dialog: Y'all believe what you want to  believe, you will anyway... but it  does kinda show you what excites  people? (looking directly at  her) Fear, pity, horror -- all those good  things that count. It's sorta I guess  like being on the edge of an orgasm,  y'know... that mystery just before  you come. When? If? Should I? Will  you die for me, eat me, this way,  the end...
52) 0) text: Rain, rain, rain... pelting the large windows as we glide JIM fucking JOURNALIST 4 (PATRICIA KENNEALY) madly in the twisted sheets... He gives up, exhausted. The SONG CRYSTAL SHIP backbeats t scene... He wanders around her place. Her place is crammed with bo and intellectualabilia, skulls, candles, globes of the wo plants. She puts her glasses back on.
52) 2) dialog: Great! A new thing.
52) 3) text: As she goes to a bowl of cocaine, laid alongside a bottle champagne and a basketful of items all catered by Jim. He at her bookcase, thumbing through an ancient manuscript.
52) 4) dialog: Wow how old is this?
52) 7) dialog: The Craft?
52) 9) dialog: (impressed) Wow! You Patricia? Who would've  guessed?
52) 12) text: JIM reappraising her. Her eye contact is very direct.
52) 14) text: Jim waits. Something in the feeling of the room has shift The sound of her razor chopping coke. He snorts -- the fi time.
52) 16) dialog: What?
52) 18) text: Jim is down on his knees crawling around her. She is craw back.
52) 19) dialog: (hooked) Where do you get the blood?
52) 23) dialog: No... I don't like... cutting myself.
52) 31) dialog: (lips out of sync) I'm gonna burn you down.
52) 33) text: Incants him to climax with CELTIC WORDS. Jim is wild, reaching for the Moroccan dagger, holding it her face as he continues to pump.
52) 35) dialog: (knife to her cheek) Nobody'd ever look at you again --  'cept me. I'd scar you forever.
52) 37) dialog: AWRIGHT! AWRIGHT!
53) 2) dialog: (cow noise) Mooooooo!!!
53) 4) text: JUMP CUTS -- photos going off... JIM starting to pout  narcistically, Jagger-like, for camera -- a bare-chested  pose, long lion's mane of hair streaming down to his  shoulders. She's shooting rapidly talking him thru the tr Her sentences falling on separate cuts of Jim. As we hear the backbeat of PEOPLE ARE STRANGE.
53) 6) dialog: (pausey, paranoid) Where are the Doors.
53) 9) dialog: (scared suddenly) We do everything together.
53) 15) dialog: I am the snake and you are the lute
53) 17) text: Our camera dwells on Jim in the mirror, closer, closer -- the image and the reality, which is which anymore -- wher does it end? The Great Jim Morrison, The Shaman, then Pamela, Patricia Gloria, a series of women who face after face fill the an gallery, interchangeable masks as PEOPLE ARE STRANGE clim and JIM's face SPINS OUT OPTICALLY TO:
55) 0) text: Jim peering into a room somewhere -- one of Warhol's FILM is playing on a wall -- a man sleeping, eating... A GLIMPSE OF VIETNAM WAR FOOTAGE on a TV monitor -- B-52s dropping bombs. A fat little PR MAN grabbing Jim's arm, leaning in, disto
55) 7) dialog: (annoyed with Pam) Yeah... hey what's your trip?
55) 9) dialog: Love your movies man. What a great  penis...
55) 12) dialog: You can't leave. Where's your will  to be weird man?
55) 15) text: The PR MAN is still next to Jim, jumping up and down exci waving across the room at nothing in particular. As the  PHOTOGRAPHERS try to get Jim and the Doors in a photo  opportunity.
55) 17) dialog: (to RAY) Don't go, y'see Norman Mailer, I  hear he's here?
55) 19) dialog: (paranoid) I don't know... did he know who you  were?
55) 21) dialog: Nah... later...
55) 22) text: A wasted, emaciated Edie Sedgewick type floats into Jim's fractured POV -- introducing a MAN with a crew cut and si suit.
55) 25) dialog: I like outer space.
55) 30) text: A voice to kill, looks to undress, fully as tall as Jim.
55) 32) dialog: (to Nico who reaches  for her vodka) Vodka? Race you.
55) 34) dialog: (to Ray and Robbie) Wanna go?... Come on let's go.
55) 38) dialog: Come on there's pussy Robbie.
55) 40) text: Lynne is there, pretty, nods to Jim.
55) 42) dialog: (childlike) Don't you guys wanna meet Andy Warhol?
55) 44) dialog: Come on man! I thought we were gonna  be a band, the four of us -- and  party all night, rock and roll!
55) 46) text: Jim's eyes briefly on -- Pamela giggling with the French  Count, putting her hand on his arm as she laughs. Innocen nothing meant but a moment...
55) 47) dialog: (desperate mockery,  grabs Ray) Don't go. Don't leave! You can't  leave. I don't know what will happen.  It might be Death.
55) 49) text: A moment, strange. Slightly SLOW MOTION. Ray tapping Jim' shoulder goodbye... Robbie and John's faces passing on. A if they're parting -- in a symbolic way. Jim blinking in same SLOW MOTION, looking. Nico is gone -- but Tom is the across the room, waving. The INDIAN SHAMAN looks like he's standing there in a cor Jim, ripped, heads for him, but the PR WOMAN cuts him off Jim forgets he saw the Indian.
55) 53) dialog: (looking for Nico) Nico!
56) 0) text: A quieter room, drugged out, the PR GUY cheerily leading  JIM, stepping over SLEEPING BODIES, over fur coats strewn across the floor... to a MAN with white hair like a circu clown, his back to us, talking with some black-tied EUROP ARISTOCRATS looking so cool.
56) 3) text: ANDY turning at the interruption. He looks like a chic vo doll. Holding an incongruous gold telephone in his arms l a teddy bear. Slightly SLOW MO as Warhol's black empty eyes confront Ji a pit of nothingness in them, amnesia, death. In Jim's SL MOTION reaction we read what he sees. Andy going on with story, to the group that includes TOM BAKER.
56) 6) text: Andy is looking at Jim. Jim at Andy.
56) 11) text: Andy shows his eyes, gives Jim the gold telephone he's  carrying.
56) 13) text: Vanishes, waving to somebody else. Jim holding the phone.
57) 0) text: SNOW on the streets... a group of DRUGGIES staggering in snowbanks, throwing snowballs, stupid giggling, wheezing  puffs of cold air... Jim throws the golden telephone into the trash and pees o it. IRIS SHOTS continue -- PAMELA laughing battily with TOM B who's putting the make on her... The COUNT is on heroin. JIM passing a vodka bottle back and forth with NICO hitti a stash of ups. They fall in the snow, mad Russian winter
58) 0) text: BLACK &amp; WHITE IRIS SHOTS continue -- imagistic,  disassociative. A LONG CORRIDOR -- COUPLE staggering down the red carpets champagne bottles in hand. The COUNT gets lost. PAM laughing -- suddenly alone, notices, goes looking for Jim... floating down this endless corridor with white doo and red carpet.
59) 0) text: NICO stripping... a superb body... riding the floors... Jim taking an amyl nitrate with her... laughing... Nico w that crazed German laugh... PAMELA pushing the elevator  buttons wildly... The elevator opening on her. From Pamela's POV -- Nico do on her knees, her blonde head buried in Jim's leather pan Jim pinned against the back wall, smiling dopically, eyes barely registering Pam... who screams loud and long, hidi his eyes... not wanting to know... The images faster and  more fragmented: Pam beating at Jim wildly. He's laughing Nico's laughing. The Aristocrats in the hallway are laugh The world is laughing with its madness.
61) 0) text: The SOUNDS of the CROWD pound thru the hallway. CAMERA  following JIM reading a magazine article, accompanied by  PATRICIA KENNEALY -- past the TECHIES, turning to look -- they go into empty SHOWER ROOM.
62) 0) text: The Crowd NOISE still carries, echoing. JIM leads PATRICI to a quiet, isolated stall where they can be alone. Tappi the magazine, sincerely moved by what he reads.
62) 1) dialog: "Lord Byron"? Really. You think? You  like the poems?
62) 3) dialog: These are the kindest words I've  ever heard in my life. No one has  ever understood. Thank you. (then) Maybe I should always fuck my critics.
62) 5) dialog: (hotter, grabs her) Let's do it, here, now... with the  sound of the crowd. Like Nuremberg,  wild German fucking.
62) 7) dialog: I'm begging! I'm begging you!
62) 9) dialog: About what!
62) 11) dialog: (pissed) What's your problem with fathers!  They're dead, both of them, I told  you.
62) 13) text: Jim -- a look, struck.
62) 15) dialog: What'd he say? That was really stupid.  Why didn't you just ask me.
62) 17) dialog: You're a fuckin' cunt. You could  ruin his career if...
62) 21) text: Jim describes a small space between thumb and forefinger.
62) 23) text: Jim makes a little larger space.
62) 24) dialog: (pause) I don't want to talk about it. Hate  is a very underestimated emotion.
62) 27) text: Jim shakes his head, weary. Suddenly he's scared inside.
62) 28) dialog: You're wrong. What they want I can't  give... my death -- ripped to pieces --  do you feel their power? (the noise pounding)
62) 30) dialog: I want to live, Patricia. I don't  wanna die.
62) 31) text: Jim's ironic eyes, to the ceiling. Laden with a power to  which he has married himself yet brave, resisting as she  pulls his zipper down and goes to her knees in front of h Shaking his head.
62) 32) dialog: Patricia... Patricia...
62) 35) dialog: Uh... nuthin'
62) 38) dialog: Hey, I'm with the band man. It's  cool. Take it easy.
62) 39) text: THE COP has no patience, grabs JIM by the arm and pulls. shoves him off. THE COP pushes back. A shoving match.
62) 41) dialog: (pointing to his  crotch, angry) Hey, eat it man!
62) 42) text: The cop whips out a black can from his belt, sprays Jim.
62) 43) dialog: Mace! Shit! (in pain)
62) 44) text: Patricia screaming at the COP grabs JIM, propelling him  violently out the stall of the bathroom.
63) 2) dialog: Why'd you blind me man? You blinded  me!
63) 5) dialog: (in pain) I BEEN BLINDED MAN. I BEEN MACED.
63) 11) text: JIM guided back into the shower stall by his entourage, e blind as Oedipus, starts to laugh. A black Irish laugh. Ray looking on PATRICIA in the hallway. A beat, senses wh happened.
64) 0) text: THE DOORS on stage, JIM - eyes masked, facing death at a  mock execution, in full black leather armor.
64) 2) text: The audience is enrapt. Jim suddenly jumps up, looses the blood curdling scream of an aroused demon and the band ba into Willie Dixon's BACK DOOR MAN. JIM &amp; DOORS OH YEEEEAAAAHHHHHHHHHH!  AYYYYYYAAAAAMMMMAAA BACK DOOR MAN.
64) 3) text: The FANS go wild, to the farthest reaches of the arena, a he grabs his crotch and shakes it at them. INSTAMATICS  flashing rapidly as the KIDS press forward at Jim fondlin the mike stand, sliding up and down its smooth shaft. JIM &amp; DOORS Well the men don't know  But the little girls unnerstan'...
64) 4) text: Joints sail onto the stage at his feet, ready to be smoke A TEENAGE BOY &amp; GIRL make a break thru the cordon of the front of the stage, heading for Jim. The Cops chase t down mid-stage, and wrestle them back to the edge -- thro them back into the audience. JIM &amp; DOORS When all the good people are trying  to sleep  I'm out there making my midnight  creep  Yeah, cause I'm a backdoor man  The men don't know  But the little girls unnerstan'...
64) 5) text: Danger fills the air, electric. Jim strutting, Indian lik up to one of the Cops, whipping off his hat and flipping to the Crowd, which roars with approval. A couple Cops lo at Jim, sensing they're being challenged but not sure how They shuffle and look offstage for direction. Their appar impotence brings redoubled jeering from the Kids. RAY, next to his stick of incense on the organ, shares a  look with JOHN as they head into the instrumental break i the song. There's something different about Jim -- more  demonic, more driven -- a spirit has taken him over. RAY'S POV -- JIM catching his look, but no recognition in those eyes. They're dark pools, like Warhol's eyes. He tu away, taking the mike and off the cuff rapping  improvisationally with the backbeat, keeping poetic meter
64) 6) dialog: I wanna tell you 'bout something  that happened just a few minutes ago  right here in New Haven. This is New  Haven isn't it? New Haven,  Connecticut, United States of America?
64) 10) text: Jim ignores it, sits on the stage, lights a cigarette. Lo pause, tension building. Their catcalls for "Light My Fir die out as Jim faces them down. They wait... not knowing  what happens next.
64) 11) dialog: (finally) Well I was with this girl backstage,  y'know. We got to talking and we  wanted some privacy, so we went into  this shower stall. We weren't doin'  anything y'know jes' standing there  and talking.
64) 12) text: The AUDIENCE laughing, the band continuing to play, John  adding emphasis to Jim's words with various shots and rol Camera moving over the crowd picking out the KIDS, sensin the anarchy dormant in their faces.
64) 13) dialog: ...and then this little man came in  there, this little man in a little  blue suit and a little blue cap...
64) 14) text: More COPS turning to face Jim from front stage, getting t point now. RAY sees it coming...
64) 15) dialog: (redneck voice) And he said -- "Whatcha doin' there?"  I said, "nuthin'" and he said, "Well  you better get outta there or..."  "Or what" I asked him...
64) 16) text: The AUDIENCE has now grown deadly silent. Nearly every co is facing JIM as he uses his dumb Southerner voice. RAY's eyes warning JIM.
64) 17) dialog: And he started pushing me and I pushed  back and he didn't like that so he  reached back there and got out his  little can of mace. And sprayed it  right in my eyes. And blinded me.  Why? Cause I was alone in a room  with a lady doing what he would like  to be doing if he could ever get it  up without a gun.
64) 19) dialog: In the United States of America.  Land of the free. Home of the Brave  man -- in God We Trust right? TURN  OFF THE LIGHTS.
64) 20) text: CROWD roars. A POLICE LIEUTENANT in his 50's, grey hair,  beefy, marches out onto the stage, standing next to Jim,  arms akimbo. A SECOND COP joins him. Ray rolling the music out into a silence as Jim sticks th mike in the officer's face, defiantly.
64) 21) dialog: Say your thing man!
64) 22) text: More cops come out, snatch the microphone, as Jim flashes the audience a "touchy aren't they?" shrug.
64) 24) text: TWO more COPS moving on Jim, pinning both his arms and  dragging him off stage.
64) 27) dialog: (resisting) HEY... HEY! HEY!
65) 0) text: JIM is dragged roughly down a flight of stairs.
65) 1) dialog: GET YOUR HANDS OFF ME SLAVE!
66) 0) text: JIM is wrestled across the lot, pinned to the car and  handcuffed, punched and thrown into the car, yelling.  Journalists try to intercede, one is also arrested.
66) 1) dialog: YOU'RE SLAVES. YOU'RE ALL A BUNCH OF  SLAVES. THIS ISN'T HAPPENING TO ME  MAN, THIS IS HAPPENING TO YOU!!!
67) 0) text: JIM is spreadeagled against the wall, a dignified, defian look on his face.
67) 5) text: As Jim defiantly does so, Cop 2 looses a big cloud of roa powder into his long hair.
67) 7) text: All during this, snickering laughter from the onlooking h dozen POLICE OFFICERS gathered to watch. Jim waits, then  with great claim, in a quiet voice:
67) 8) dialog: You finished? You sure you're  finished? Haven't you forgotten  something -- the consolation prize  they gave ya for taking your cock  and balls? The guns. Why don't you  use em you withered dicks! You shit- eating red-neck chickenshit bastards,  I hope this makes your worthless  lives...
67) 10) dialog: (on the floor, quiet) You better kill me cause I'm gonna  come back and fuck everyone of your  daughters...
68) 3) text: COPS chase the KIDS with sticks. But just as it looks lik it's going to get out of hand, JIM appears at the doors o the station, stepping out between RAY and the DOORS and  SIDDONS. He signals his freedom, arms in the air.
68) 5) text: Jim waves, does a small pained victory jig in front of th thwarted Gestapo, ribcage and spleen hurting.
68) 8) text: Robbie's look tells us he thinks Ray is as much caught up his dreams as Jim.
69) 1) text: JIM drinks... an ugly cough. Silence. In this puffy wrack and ruin there is still the ironic tones and sweet deligh of the boy amazed and amused by it all. We hear the ghost CROWD still cheering.
69) 2) dialog: I drink so I can talk to assholes.  This includes me. Let's just say I  was testing the bounds of reality --  that's-all -- I was curious... I  kinda always preferred to be hated.  Like Erich Von Stroheim in the  movies... the man you loved to hate...  it's meant to be ironic, courage  wants to laugh. Y'know it's  essentially a stupid situation. I go  out on a stage and I howl for people.  In me they see what they want to see --  some say the Lizard King, whatever  that means, or some black-clad leather  demon whatever that means... but  really I think of myself as a  sensitive, intelligent human being  but with the soul of a clown which  always forces me to blow it at the  most crucial moment... (pause) a fake hero... a joke the gods played  on me... it's okay, I accept the  joke... and smile. Death old friend,  death and my cock, I can forgive my  injuries in the name of wisdom,  luxury, romance. Words got me the  wound and will get me well. All join  now in lament of my cock, a tongue  of knowledge in the feathered night.  Boys get crazy in the head and suffer.  I sacrifice my cock on the alter of  silence.
69) 3) text: The ENGINEER looking at him puzzled. Has Jim lost it? MIK his friend, is there in the Engineer's booth, with the Do SECRETARY, Leticia, and an elegant MYSTERY WOMAN. They're smoking dope, partying.
69) 5) dialog: Nah, later...
69) 7) dialog: Now listen to this I'll tell you  about Texas Radio and the big beat  soft driven slow and mad like some  new language reaching your head with  the cold sudden fury of a divine  messenger let me tell you about  heartache and the loss of God  wandering, wandering in hopeless  night out here on the perimeter there  are no stars out here we is stoned,  immaculate... but I tell you this:  No eternal reward will forgive us  now for wasting the dawn.
70) 0) text: JIM walks the dawn streets. Classic image -- jeans, boots jacket, the sun starting to rise on the smog and transluc pink light along Santa Monica Boulevard outside the cheap Alta Cienega Motel where he lives... PEACE FROG shoots us through.
71) 0) text: JIM -- drinking in Barney's Bar.
71) 6) text: Delores pouring the bloody mary. As Mike scoffs at Jim pa out.
71) 9) text: DOG reaching in, dragging Jim's face up by the hair. Stic Mike's greasy eggs and bacon in front of Jim.
71) 11) text: Jim is suddenly alert -- an instant and surprising  transformation, without hangover, eager eyed.
71) 12) dialog: (sparkling) Alive she cried! Right Dog, another  cubic centimeter of chance (slaps Dog, notices  the eggs, queasy) Ugh, I can't eat this stuff, it'll  really make me sick. Gimme a Dos  Equis will ya Delores? And a Ramos  gin fizz with it.
71) 14) dialog: (instantly) Let's go... Right now!
71) 16) dialog: A triple, Tom, shem and shaun...
71) 19) dialog: (drinking the fizz  down) ...all of us direct it! In black and  white. Call it "Zero." A real road  movie! Two of these (points to drink) you feel a lot better.
71) 26) dialog: That's all right. I like it (that dopey smile)
72) 0) text: JIM, loose, wanders right into the traffic, waving to any trying to hitch a ride. DOG and the OTHERS going after hi Jim seen slipping a tablet from his pocket into his mouth
72) 1) dialog: (to no one in  particular) I LOVE L.A. -- the best neon. City  of Night! City of Light... why are  you going to work? You're not slaves,  you're free, cars, you're free...
72) 5) dialog: (yielding, to Tom) You gotta fail to succeed Tom, gotta  surrender to the waiting tides.
73) 2) text: JIM slinks up through the trees, alone, quiet, changing f to face them as SUMMER'S ALMOST GONE plays sinuously.
73) 5) dialog: Man, I been here all the time...  over there watching. I'm really happy  for you Ray you found life...
74) 0) text: JIM, in dark glasses, strongly feeling the effects of the acid, stares at a box of Kellogg's Corn Flakes, unable to relate. Down the aisle PAMELA, in her wedding clothes, is pushing shopping cart, filled with the feast she's preparing. The Store is a haven for HIPPIES from Laurel Canyon, barefoot RUNAWAYS, BIKERS...
74) 2) dialog: Safflower oil, sure.
74) 4) dialog: (obediently) Yes.
74) 6) text: Jim looking, zombie-like for the food. PEOPLE of course s at him, knowing who he is.
74) 14) dialog: ...cause you lost it. It's fun to  walk, isn't it.
74) 16) dialog: Which car?
74) 18) dialog: Oh yeah... I wrecked it.
74) 20) dialog: No Ma I ain't drinking.
74) 22) dialog: No Ma I ain't.
74) 24) dialog: I don't know 'bout that.
74) 26) dialog: Uh -- just some low grade acid. It's  not heavy. (whispers) Pam, read my mind.
74) 28) dialog: Hey it's okay, it's okay... come on,  we'll trip and then eat our feast.
74) 31) dialog: Come on baby, y'know it's a good  thing for Ray and Dorothy I think  women are such noble creatures --  they carry on your name with dignity  after you die. (spawning like minnows)
74) 33) dialog: (elusively) I think women basically have a comic  approach to life -- I mean how can  they not when they look up in the  dark and see a dangling penis, seeking  entry. It looks like a face y'know --  little beard "Hi mom" (Pam giggling now) I wanna get inside you. Look around. (humming) "Do the funky chicken, do dah, dah,  funky chicken do da da "love my girl" --
74) 35) dialog: Let's go wild child, let's get out  there Romeo and Juliet, Marilyn Monroe  and Vincent Van Gogh, Jim and Pam,  rock and roll (a poem) ...all the poetry has wolves in it,  but one Pam -- the most beautiful  one of all -- dances in a ring of  fire and throws off the challenge  with a shrug
74) 38) dialog: 'cause I'm the poet and you're my  muse
75) 2) text: Jim is somewhere else -- pulling out the DUCK which is to charred black. He laughs.
75) 6) dialog: (coming over) Get some drinks, man. Over there (getting Pam's  attention) Pam!
75) 9) dialog: Let's go wild child, let's get out  there Romeo and Juliet, Marilyn Monroe  and Vincent Van Gogh, Jim and Pam,  rock and roll (a poem) "Clothed in sunlight Restless in  wanting Dying of fever Changed shapes  of an empire Vast promissory notes  of joy How it has changed you How  slowly estranged you Solely arranged  you Beg you for mercy"
75) 11) dialog: (cupping her chin) Pam... Honey, you're trying too hard.
75) 13) dialog: (soft, reassuring) Yes you are.
75) 15) dialog: Yeah but nobody wants to read poetry  anymore, nobody cares, it's not like  important y'know. Just put it away.  Not right now.
75) 19) dialog: (ignoring it) You're my girl, that's who...
75) 23) dialog: (to Pamela) All right so I do. I live my life  the way I want. I don't want anyone  expecting anything from me --  including you! You don't like it  then get the fuck out! (to Anne) Oh hi Anne. You know Pam? She's a  little pissed off right now but...
75) 29) dialog: Well I... sometimes yeah
75) 31) text: Anne uncomfortable, Jim getting pissed.
75) 32) dialog: Hey -- don't you know when to stop!
75) 39) text: John's GIRLFRIEND is trying to introduce the BLACK SINGER Jim.
75) 41) dialog: (deeply surprised) Oh yeah -- Chuck. You're my idol  man... since I was 12. The best man...
75) 42) text: CHUCK VINCENT is suddenly there in Jim's face, bulging  eyeballs.
75) 44) dialog: I still can't hold a candle to you.
75) 47) dialog: (laughs) Chuck Vincent man! No. He's right...  Chuck Vincent's here, everybody,  Chuck Vincent.
75) 49) text: The charred TURKEY is being carved up. A moment of peace, then: Pamela walks up to Jim with a bowl of sweet potatoe in her arms, an announcement.
75) 51) dialog: It's not Thanksgiving honey.
75) 52) text: As she throws the sweet potatoes right at him, spraying  everybody. Jim laughing nuttily, the Count wiping the pot off. Pam rushing now for the turkey to throw, Jim chasing her.
75) 54) text: Throwing the turkey at Jim, smearing everything, everybod
75) 60) dialog: (to the Count) She's working it out, man, it's okay (going to console her) Pamela, Pamela... come on baby, it's  all right, shhh.
75) 63) dialog: PUSH! PUSH! IT'S A BOY!
75) 64) text: They struggle, she goes for the carving knife, Dorothy an Ray trying to restrain her. OTHER GUESTS keep talking as things are quite normal. Pam breaks through Dorothy -- co after Jim
75) 67) dialog: Oh murder? MURDER??? YOU WANNA DO  SOME MURDER
75) 69) text: A ball of people wrestling across the kitchen floor, upse the table and the remainder of the dishes, a carving knif at stake in the air... Jim finally wrestling the knife aw and holding it over Pam.
75) 70) dialog: YOU WANNA KNOW WHAT MURDER IS. YOU  WANNA FEEL DEATH... HERE! (forces the knife  back into her hand) MURDER ME! FEEL WHAT IT'S LIKE! GO  AHEAD. GIMME SOME DEATH!!! (kneels at her feet)
75) 73) text: Jim laughing insanely. Jumping up and down on the duck. R grabbing him, angry.
75) 74) dialog: I'M STILL KILLING YOUR DUCK!!! FUCK!!!  MURDER DEATH!!! THE DUCK IS DEAD.
75) 76) dialog: (explodes out of his  grasp) DON'T TELL ME WHAT TO DO!! EVER!!  EVER!!
75) 84) text: On Jim... saddened.
77) 3) dialog: (shakes his head) HIDE ME!!!
77) 8) text: Jim ignoring all this, one hand cupped to his ear listeni for the sound of the earth, gone into a shaman-like state weird spiralling chords carrying over the following MONTA of hallucinatory insanity. JIM &amp; DOORS House upon the hill  Moon is lying still...
77) 9) text: EXT. JIM &amp; PAM'S HOUSE - LAUREL CANYON - NIGHT A POV up at the house -- into which JIM enters. The light are on. Sage at the door sniffing. INT. JIM &amp; PAM'S HOUSE - LAUREL CANYON - NIGHT JIM &amp; DOORS Shadows of the trees witnessing the  wild breeze  Come on baby run with me  Run with me, let's run...
77) 10) text: JIM'S POV entering the bedroom -- PAMELA naked in bed wit the COUNT, is snorting heroin. Shadows of the trees and l blowing against the walls. Their voices, dim, distant.
77) 11) dialog: (ironic) Oh hi... I didn't realize you were  entertaining.
77) 15) dialog: (very cool) Don't forget your smack on the way  out.
78) 0) text: Jim's struggling to break through the barrier of cops.
78) 1) dialog: (yelling) The mansion is warm at the top of  the hill  Rich are the rooms and the comforts  there  Red are the arms of luxuriant chairs  You won't know a thing till you get  inside
78) 3) dialog: I told you about that shit. Or are  we talking about death choices here?
78) 5) dialog: (rising anger) Get up. Hurt? You want to know HURT?  Let me introduce you to my good friend  hurt.
78) 8) dialog: (crazed) Ah sanctuary!... a soft place to  hide.
78) 11) dialog: I'll give you a place to hide forever!
78) 15) dialog: This is the best part of the trip,  honey...
78) 16) text: Inside, PAM feels the first flames licking up, smoke waft in. JIM leaves the house. Pam kicking wildly at the doors, trying to smash her way as the FIRE crescendoes. She finally shatters the frail  molding and bursts out. EXT. JIM &amp; PAM'S HOUSE - LAUREL CANYON - NIGHT PAM runs out into Laurel Canyon like a terrified doe runn from a forest fire. SONG beat NOT TO TOUCH THE EARTH  continues.
79) 0) text: Jim and Mike driving drunk, fucking TWO BLACK CHICKS. Mik in the back seat. Jim drives the car up onto the grass of Police Station and plows right into it.
80) 0) text: Knowing who's inside, sufficient be it to see the blue Sh Mustang plow into a telephone pole on Santa Monica Blvd. JIM &amp; THE DOORS Dead President's corpse in the  driver's car  The engine runs on glue and tar  C'mon along, we're not going very  far  To the East to meet the Czar...
81) 0) text: A HIGH PRIESTESS, assisted by a HIGH PRIEST, conducts a W wedding amidst a setting of candles, mixing a few drops o JIM and ANNE's blood into a consecrated cup of wine, from which they drink. They all wear long black robes, the onl light from the candles, standing inside a circle in front a table with altar, incense, chalice.
83) 2) text: Jim faints.
84) 0) text: JIM, mind totally gone into his trance, spreading his arm like wings, hopping from one foot to the other like a sha around his microphone, whirling, yelling out great reward for the tribe. Plentiful antelope, healthy corn. The kids are going wild -- writhing like maenads in his  intoxicating embrace. Embers from an enormous BONFIRE dri past the stadium lights into the night. But the KIDS,  increasingly frustrated by a barrage of COPS, cannot see  their leader and now push against the cops with the very  result the authorities seek to repress. JIM &amp; DOORS Who lives in a well by the side of  the road  Wake up girl! We're almost home  We shall see the gates by morning  We shall be inside by evening  Sun, sun, sun  Burn, burn, burn  Moon, moon, moon!
84) 1) text: RAY, gone into his own trance, happening to look up from keyboard. His eyes widen. His POV -- an INDIAN SHAMAN hovers over the microphone.  Cloaked in hides, his face obscured by a horned headdress with colored tails and feathers streaming down his should rattles in each fist, the BONFIRE glowing... JIM &amp; DOORS I will GET YOU  Soon -- soooooooon... SOOOOOOONNNN...
84) 3) dialog: (indifferent, to  himself) I am the Lizard King I can do anything
85) 0) text: Start slow CLOSE UP on JIM, he's crying, his head on a pi silent, haunted... pull out to see the room, no explanati A TV GAME SHOW is on, JUDY, 17, and her FRIEND, 16, watch naked, skinny..., piles of murder magazines and books,  clothes, and personal items trashed around the thread bar room he calls home. She looks over at him.
85) 3) text: Jim continues to cry.
85) 4) dialog: (gently) Hey it's no big deal. I like to cry  when I come. It's close to death...  maybe you'd better go home now before  your mama gets home.
85) 6) dialog: What?
85) 8) dialog: (innocently) You know you've always been good to  me in bed Judy. And it was nice of  you to bring your friend. I want to  keep seeing both of you but it can't  be all the time y'know. It would be  a night every few weeks or so. That's  just the way I am, I'm not dependable.  I can't be a boyfriend. Would you do  that? I mean could you handle it?  That way? I don't want you to get  hurt.
85) 10) dialog: ...do you love me?
85) 12) dialog: ...Well, just think about it awhile.  Call me when you get your new  number... (Girl 2 comes back  in, dressed) Hey that's a really nice outfit you're  wearing, you really have good taste  in clothes. How long have you two  been friends?
85) 14) dialog: (grins) What?
85) 16) dialog: Come back later! (another knock) Who is it!
85) 18) dialog: (recognizes it) Whyn't you come back later. I don't  have any clothes on.
86) 2) dialog: Now Pam sweetheart, I'm busy.
87) 1) dialog: Well you see Pam there's this crazy  girl in here, she's just lying on  the bed with her legs open and I  don't know what to do.
87) 3) dialog: (off) It's your cousin Lizzie, you don't  want to see her. Go home.
87) 5) dialog: Almost.
88) 0) text: In the VOCAL BOOTH, JIM is chugging on a brown paper bag  with whiskey in it, crooning with heart but the voice is  warped, weak.
88) 1) dialog: What was that promise you made  Why don't you tell me what she said  What was that promise that she made  I'm gonna love you  Till the heaven stops the rain  I'm gonna love you  Till the stars fall from the sky  For you and I...
88) 6) dialog: (equally false) Paul babe.
88) 8) dialog: Why don't you suck a fart out of my  asshole you slave driving facist  motherfucker!
88) 11) dialog: So what are we going to tonight Paul!  67 takes! It's stale!
88) 13) dialog: I wanna sing blues. This stuffs  getting too self-conscious.
88) 15) dialog: (simultaneous,  incomprehensible) Let's sing "Rock is Dead"! You're  all a buncha slaves... "Oh come all  ye faithful."
88) 17) text: Pause. Jim's face darkening. Something he sees on the  television. He stops, frozen, sickly. Several BIMBETTES a dancing around a shiny new automobile as strains of LIGHT FIRE pop out.
88) 18) dialog: Catchy, you sold it to a commercial?
88) 20) dialog: For that? How much did you get for  it?
88) 22) dialog: HOW MUCH?
88) 24) dialog: You figured? What the fuck is this  Ray?
88) 26) dialog: What?... are you saying? Are we the  Doors? One for all and all for one?  Do you know what you're saying to  those millions of kids! "Just kidding,  not real". That's what you're saying.
88) 28) dialog: (building intensity) You think I was kidding Ray? (turning to John) Hey John, those are interesting shoes,  you like those shoes?
88) 31) dialog: Good. Then do you want 50 of those  shoes?
88) 33) dialog: Then what do you need more money  for?
88) 35) dialog: I'm dying Ray. I wasn't kidding.  Maybe you were. But I'll tell you  something, it's not about these  desires you have man, or money, or  these records, it's about breaking  through wasn't it? You just lost  something man. (to all) We all lost something boys. We lost  something.
88) 37) dialog: There sure is. In your fucking face!
88) 38) text: A small smile flickers Jim's face as he picks up the smal TV and like a quarterback, hurls it, spinning end over en from his corner of the Control Room towards Ray and Rothc and the Doors. They dive for the floor as it smashes to b into the wall behind the tape machines.
88) 39) dialog: (quietly) Just kidding... (turning to Pam) Hi Pam. Just watchin' some TV.
88) 40) text: He seems pleased to distract his anger into her. She does seem to notice anything unusual going on. The Doors silen feeling Jim's rage.
88) 42) dialog: I know. I know.
88) 44) text: The others all look away embarrassed. This is certainly a moment the ordinary partner might turn away from Pamela, tears running, but her pathacy, her inability to deal wit pain is precisely what moves Jim the most -- a side of hi in her -- an ultimate weakness she has, he shares. As he  goes to her, puts his arms gently around her.
88) 45) dialog: It's alright honey, it's gonna be  alright. You're my girl and that's  the way it's always gonna stay.
88) 47) dialog: (ironic, to the others) So, let's keep that money machine  rolling. Come on guys...
88) 48) text: Rothchild looking to Botnick and to Ray. But the real loo the unforgiving one, is from Jim to Ray who feels it.  Rothchild douses the lights in the studio.
88) 51) dialog: (reciting) When I was back there in seminary  school  There was a person there  Who put forth the proposition  That you can petition the Lord with  prayer  Petition the Lord with prayer  Petition the Lord with prayer PETITION THE LORD WITH PRAYER
88) 52) text: ROTHCHILD looking from his booth across at Jim. His POV - only JIM is visible.
88) 54) text: In the control booth RAY and ROBBIE share a look. The lig have been dimmed in Jim's booth, and he's weaving back an forth a bottle of Ripple in his hand as they kick in with the music. Camera closing now on Jim in the tender sectio on the money. JIM &amp; DOORS Can you give me sanctuary  I must find a place to hide  A place for me to hide...
88) 57) text: The DOORS sense it. ROTHCHILD knows it, hushed. Magic's  suddenly in the air once more as we jump stanzas to: JIM &amp; DOORS Catacombs, nursury bones  Winter women  Streets and shoes, avenues  Leather riders selling shoes (The monk bought lunch) Successful hills are here to stay  Everything must be this way  Gentle street where people play  Welcome to the soft parade
88) 58) text: But Jim's voice has now gone off key, floating carefree,  drifting -- drifting away. ROTHCHILD chuckles, philosophically. The Doors in control booth start leaving. Robbie goes bac out to get his personal items. But the OVERDUB still plays over the booth as Jim doesn't realize. We take liberties cutting around on the song. JIM &amp; DOORS All our lives we sweat and save  Building for a shallow grave (then) The soft parade has now begun  Listen to the engines hum  People out to have some fun  A cobra on my left  Leopard on my right
88) 60) dialog: (fiercely) Calling on the dogs (5)  When all else fails  You can whip the horses' eyes  And make them sleep  And cry.
89) 0) text: JIM his head cocked, lost in the memory.
89) 1) dialog: (reciting) Why does my mind circle around you?  Why do planets wonder what it would  be like to be you?  All your soft wild promises were  words, birds,  Endlessly in flight  Being drunk is the best disguise  As the body is ravaged  The spirit grows stronger
89) 4) dialog: Nah, how 'bout some tacos when we're  through? (downs another shot,  continues) The world on fire  Taxi from Africa  The grand hotel he was drunk a big  party last night back, going back in  all directions sleeping these insane  hours I'll never wake up in a good  mood again  I'm sick of these stinky boots  Do you know we are being led to  slaughters by placid admirals?  And that fat slow generals are getting  obscene on young blood?  Do you know we are ruled by TV? (pause)
89) 6) dialog: Oh great Creator of Being  Grant us one more hour to perform  our art and perfect our lives  The moths and atheists are doubly  divine in dying  We live, we die, and death not ends  it  Journey we more into the nightmare  We're reaching for death on the end  of a candle  We're trying for something that's  already found us...
91) 2) text: Jim slams has shot glass on the bar. He's got a beard for the first time, looking like a tribal elder.
91) 3) dialog: More!
91) 7) dialog: Don't be so melodramatic Bill, it's  not fun anymore.
91) 10) dialog: I care.
91) 14) dialog: (muttering) Chump change, we're working for chump  change.
91) 16) dialog: I got an idea Bill, you're fired.
94) 0) text: The STEWARDESS, uptight, tries a smile at JIM, TOM, MIKE belted in one row.
94) 2) dialog: If your name is Rita, then yor ol  man must be ol man Rita!! (guffaws) TOM, MIKE &amp; DOG (chorusing) That ol man Riva, he just keep rolling  along!
94) 4) text: A BABY, with her MOTHER, stares at Jim fascinated. He lif his dark glasses, winks back at her.
94) 14) dialog: (teasing to Rothchild  in the row behind  him) C'mon Paul, you can get us some heroin  man.
94) 16) dialog: Why not?
94) 18) dialog: (wry) Oh and what is my goal Paul? Death?
94) 20) dialog: (laughing) Wrong. I just want the pure beauty  of absolute zero and sing the blues  man -- do nuthin, go nowhere, just  be.
94) 22) dialog: (laughs, goodnatured) What's wrong with being a large  mammal, a big beast like a tank. I  feel great!
94) 25) dialog: Rock is death! There is no longer  belief. Hey, I'll write poetry and  direct movies.
94) 27) dialog: Miss?...
94) 29) dialog: Some love.
94) 33) dialog: The first two novels come along they  love you, next few they slam but if  you stay around long enough, one day  they say, "hey he's part of the  national psyche".
94) 38) dialog: (feigning innocence) I wasn't mad, Tom. I was only  interested in freedom.
94) 40) dialog: Listen you two bit fuckin actor, you  underestimate the audience. You think  they all want a better job, a house,  two cars, money, that's what you  think but you know what they really  want, Tom, in their lives, what they  really want --
94) 42) dialog: (a whisper) ...something sacred, that's what  they want, something sacred.
94) 43) text: Tom spews the contents of his mouth all over Jim in respo Jim throws his sandwich back at Tom... then another drink goes...
94) 44) dialog: Fuck you ignorant devil's asshole  slave!
94) 46) dialog: I don't eat shrimp.
94) 47) text: A full fledged food fight in progress. Dog, Tom, Jim, Mik pushing and shoving. A drink spills over an innocent  PASSENGER.
94) 51) dialog: Yes, sir. (reflexively)
96) 4) text: JIM stunned in his drunkenness. SIDDONS and ROTHCHILD  protesting AD LIBS.
97) 0) text: The CROWD is heckling a long-haired HIPPIE in a leather h who cradles a live, snow-white LAMB telling him to "GET O screaming AD LIB for the "DOORS, DOORS, DOORS!! JIM JIM J
98) 0) text: Excitement. EVERYBODY moving fast... ...as JIM, dark sunglasses and beard, surrounded by TWO F AGENTS and his BODYGUARDS move toward the stage, two hour late. SIDDONS with him arguing AD LIB with RAY and the  PROMOTER, a southern sleazeball with long muttonchops and velvet shirt and beads. A mess -- the CROWD chanting DOOR
98) 7) text: Meanwhile, JOHN arguing with RAY and JIM who sways, drunk The FBI agents get lost in the background.
98) 11) dialog: Whatsa matter, scared Johnny boy?
98) 14) text: Jim laughing, throws his arm around ROBBIE for support, R patient with him. John yelling as they approach the curta and the lights and the first monster realization of the  THOUSAND MOUTHS waiting in the pit of hell.
98) 16) dialog: We the Beatles yet?
98) 18) dialog: Hey John y'ever eaten human flesh?  When we get to New York, I know this  chick...
98) 22) text: As JIM brings up a tiny vial with a lubricating head on i holds it to Robbie's lips playfully. They're in the shado
98) 23) dialog: ...just a touch Robbie, it's the  funkiest stuff, you'll play like an  orgasm tonight...
98) 25) dialog: ...just a little lick, come on trust  me... for old times, the four of us,  let's get together one more time,...  the Doors man... Please. For me.
98) 26) text: Something so sincere in Jim's eyes. Robbie takes the fata lick. Jim smiles manically as the NUREMBERG SOUNDS of the CROWD drown them out.
99) 0) text: The DOORS come out finally. The noise is overwhelming. Ac light, noise. Wagnerian Gods, Hitler... JIM spreading his arms like Icarus set to fly. The ROARS  redouble, their FEET stomping out:
99) 2) text: Joints are thrown by the dozen on the stage at Jim's feet He is a god now as he bends regally, picks one up. COPS everywhere looking as... He lights it. The CROWD going nuts as the DOORS go into t ominous introductory strains of FIVE TO ONE trying to get the onus off Jim and the show on the road. The Audience k the song, go into a primal FOOT STOMP with it. Bras are t on stage. Kids writhe madly in the primal Doors dance. People with SPARKLERS running through the hangar. CAMERA  FLASHBULBS popping throughout the show... get Jim on film while you can. Jim, drunk, high, smoking the jay, won't go into the lyri right off, forcing the Doors to circle the beat again. He jerks his hand back from the mike as if it were a hot wir
99) 3) dialog: ARE YOU READY!!!! (beat) ARE YOU REAAAAAAADYYYYYYYYY!!
99) 4) text: The Crowd explodes once more. As a COP heads upstage to g Jim for the joint -- he cooly flicks it back into the cro avoiding disaster. Perfect timing as the Cop looks around suddenly distracted by: The Crowd yelling something. An INSANE TEENAGER stands on the railing of a balcony above the auditorium, poised to  swan dive some 18 feet into the crowd. Which he now does, arms held out like wings. The Crowd yells, parting to allow his bulk to smack the f Pause. Cops rushing to the spot. The KID suddenly stands unhurt, with a stoned out look on his face.
99) 6) text: Then splits at a full run thru the crowd chased by the  perplexed Cops. Everybody surging back towards the stage JIM looses one of his primal SCREAMS.
99) 7) dialog: YAAAAAOOOOOOOOOOWWWWWW... Love my  girl! (song) Five to one  One in five  No one here gets out alive  You gets your baby  I'll get mine  Gonna make it, baby  If we try
99) 8) text: He slobbers, drunk, slouches, stumbles, regains his balan The Crowd loves it, but Ray senses something wrong. Robbi starts to feel the effects of the acid Jim gave him -- hi eyes registering fear. JIM &amp; DOORS The old get old  The young get stronger  May take a week  And it may take longer  They got the guns  But we got the numbers  Gonna win yeah -- WE'RE TAKING OVER!!
99) 9) text: During the instrumental break, Jim picks up one of the ro from the floor, pokes it at John on the drums, who whacks to death on his skins. Jim starts to whirl the mike cord  like a slingshot or bolo, in an ever-widening arc... ...it flies off and smashes into the head of the PROMOTER the edge of the stage arguing with SIDDONS. The man is  staggered, weaving, Siddons helping him to a FIRST AID TE
99) 10) dialog: YAAAAAAOOOOOOWWWWWWW!!!
99) 11) text: The crazy VEGETERIAN HIPPIE runs out on stage to give Jim the white lamb to make this political point. Jim holds th lamb in his arms. It's purring, gentle. DOG chases the HI off as he gives the microphone back to Jim and takes the  lamb from him... he staggers over to ROBBIE and goes down his knees, pretending to give him head on his frantic sto guitar solo. JIM &amp; DOORS Your ballroom days are over baby  Night is drawing near  Shadows of the evening  Crawl across the years  You walk across the floor  With a flower in your hand  Tryin to tell me no one understands
99) 12) text: PHOTOGRAPHERS flashing cameras. BAKER urging him on from wings as he passes out. A GIRL runs onto the stage, dumps bottle of champagne on Jim's head. Jim takes his shirt of soaking wet. The CROWD is also stripping in the heat, shi blouses, screaming so much now they are obviously way pas listening to any song. It has become a view of the future the NAKED GIRL and BOY dancing stark naked drugged out in the middle of it all, the FAT GIRL prowling naked on the  edge of the stage before she's arrested, the FIGHTS in th Crowd, fists, blood, a black man chased and beaten, the s of Altamont here, the hippie flower trip gone to shit --  it's all come down here tonight, the end of an era. JIM &amp; DOORS Trade in your hours for a handful of  dimes  Gonna make it baby -- in our prime  Get together one more time  Get together
99) 15) text: SPECIAL EFFECT -- the INDIAN GHOST is leaving Jim's body spectrally moving off him, hovering there in the air, its eyes -- the face of a dying Indian on an Arizona highway then gone. A moment, only three, four beats. An optical  illusion? Maybe. Or is it saying, 'now you are just a whi man'... maybe not. As it drifts off in a cloud, into the  vast audience's EYEBALL.
99) 16) dialog: YOU'RE ALL A BUNCHA FUCKIN SLAVES!!!
99) 18) dialog: Lettin people tell you what you're  gonna do! Lettin people push you  around! How long you think it's gonna  last! How long you gonna let them  push you around!!
99) 21) dialog: C'MON GET IT ALL OUT! ALL THE LITTLE  HATREDS, Everything inside you...  LET ME HAVE IT!
99) 23) dialog: THAT'S THE ONE LITTLE WORD I WANTED  TO HEAR! THAT'S THE VERY LITTLE WORD!  THE WHOLE WORLD HATES ME! THE WHOLE  FUCKING WORLD HATES ME!
99) 25) dialog: Maybe you love it, maybe you love  gettin your faces pressed into the  shit of the world! You'd all eat  shit wouldn't ya!! Adolph Hitler is  ALIVE AND WELL HERE IN MIAMI!! YOU'RE  ALL A BUNCHA SLAVES!!
99) 26) text: The Crowd BOOS back at him, surging suddenly with hatred Jim. Intercut the Crowd -- feel this hatred.
99) 27) dialog: WHAT ARE YA GONNA DO ABOUT IT! WHAT  ARE YA GONNA DO ABOUT IT! WHAT ARE  YA GONNA DO ABOUT IT!
99) 31) dialog: NO I'm not talkin' 'bout NO  REVOLUTION. I'm not talkin 'bout no  DEMONSTRATION. I'm talking 'bout  HAVING SOME FUN. I'm talkin' 'bout  DANCIN. I'm talkin 'bout LOVE. I'm  talkin' 'bout some LOVE. LOVE LOVE  LOVE LOVE... LOVE!!!! Grab your friend --  and LOVE him. Come oooooaaaannnnn.  Yeah!
99) 32) text: Jim pulling his shirt off -- barechested -- waving it lik toreador in front of his leather crotch.
99) 35) dialog: Ain't nobody gonna love my ass? Come  on... I need ya. There's so many of  ya out there and nobody's gonna love  me! C'mon -- what'cha come here for  anyway? You didn't come here for  music. You didn't come here to see a  good band. You came here for THIS  didn't ya...
99) 36) text: He saunters to the edge of the stage. Hisses at them. He  clasps his crotch, leering at a cute LITTLE GIRL in the f row, shaking it at her. Her BOYFRIEND, pissed at Jim, run for the stage. Jim unzips his leathers.
99) 37) dialog: I'm lonely out here -- Ya wanna SEE  IT... COME ON SWEETHEART... I need  it, I NEED IT, need ya, need ya,  NEED YA, COME OOOOOAAAANNNNNNN...
99) 38) text: Chaos, confusion now erupt in the crowd! The BOYFRIEND is running at JIM as the BODYGUARDS throw him back into the  crowd. Jim flicking his shirt over his crotch, back and f like a drunken matador. The Doors look at each other, don know what's going to happen.
99) 39) dialog: Didja see it! You wanna see it  AGAIN???
99) 42) dialog: What if I pull it out fer ya!! And  SHAKE IT AROUND!!! Will that do it  for you! Would ya, would ya, would  ya!! Now watch -- I'm gonna show it  to ya!
99) 44) dialog: There it was! Ya see it? Ya see it?...  Ya wanna see it again?
99) 48) dialog: (roaring out his  commands) COME ON UP HERE AND LOVE MY ASS! I  WANNA SEE SOME ACTION OUT THERE! I  WANNA SEE SOME ACTION OUT THERE! I  WANNA SEE SOME ACTION OUT THERE! I  WANNA SEE SOME ACTION OUT THERE! I  WANT YOU TO LOVE MY ASS! I WANT SOME  LOVE... LOVE... LOVE... LOVE C'MON,  C'MON... NO LIMITS, NO LAWS YOU WANNA  FUCK? COME ON! COME ON UP HERE!!!!!
99) 52) dialog: C'MON! C'MON! NO LIMITS, NO LAWS! NO  LIMITS, NO LAWS! NO LIMITS, NO LAWS!
99) 53) text: The place is in PANDEMONIUM now. GIRLS jumping on stage a dancing with Jim still in Vince the Roadie's bearhug. Ano RIOT... COPS fighting the TEENAGERS off the stage, now  wobbling under the weight.
99) 55) text: RAY starts playing BREAK ON THROUGH trying to keep things normal. JIM now out there in the arena in a CONGA LINE, doing his rain dance, hands on hips, the TEENAGERS forming a long s behind him. The huge speaker columns teeter and fall. A corner of the STAGE now COLLAPSES from the weight, PEOPLE spilling on t floor, screams. The power console tips over next to DENSM He bails. Manzarek and Krieger follow. The PROMOTER is yelling at SIDDONS about his insurance  contract as the COPS and FBI AGENTS close in, looking for Jim.
99) 57) text: Who is out there leading his naked drunken FLOCK, hundred of them in a phallic Pied Piper dance thru the darkened  seaplane hanger. From BREAK ON THROUGH PART TWO: JIM ET AL &amp; DOORS You know the day destroys the night  Night divides the day  Try to run, try to hide  BREAK ON THROUGH TO THE OTHER SIDE  BREAK ON THROUGH TO THE OTHER SIDE  BREAK ON THROUGH TO THE OTHER SIDE  Dead cats! Dead rats! Did you see  what they were at Dead cat in a top  hat! Sucking on a young man's blood  Fat cat in a top hat  Thinks he's an aristocrat  Thinks he can kill and slaughter  Thinks he can shoot my daughter  Dead cats! Dead rats! Think you're  an aristocrat Crap, that's crap
100) 0) text: The "Charges" are being read by the JUDGE, distant, not o this world. The court is lit in southern gothic daylight, ghostly chiaroscuro, all colors bled. Camera moving along the sweaty white faces of the six older JURORS, all of th straight "silent majority"... past the PROSECUTOR, his sh cutting the jury box... onto JIM bearded, smoking 2 packs day, a deep racking cough, sitting with his elder ATTORNE RAY, ROBBIE, JOHN, PAMELA, OTHERS in support are there in background. The trial is going down like a morphine dream Jim featured in diopter close-up.
100) 3) dialog: Poor Otis dead and gone  Left me here to sing his song  Pretty little girl with the red dress on  Poor Otis dead and gone
100) 4) dialog: I can't believe this is happening  I can't believe all these people are  sniffing each other &amp; backing away,  teeth grinning, hair raised, growling,  here in the slaughtered wind  This is it  No more fun the death of all joy has  come
100) 5) text: The PRESS SECTION is full as Jim's older LAWYER argues in front of the JURY, a distant voice.
100) 8) dialog: I had a vision of America  Seen from the air 28,000 ft. &amp; going  fast  A one-armed man in a Texas parking  labyrinth  A burnt tree like a giant primeval  bird in an empty lot in Fresno
100) 12) dialog: Miles &amp; miles of hotel corridors &amp;  elevators, filled with citizens  Motel  Money  Murder, Madness  Change the mood from glad to sadness  Play the ghost song baby
100) 16) text: The PRESS is bored, their numbers reduced. The spectators have changed from kids to OLDER PEOPLE intent on preservi their way of life. A TAPE is playing of Jim's devil voice the concert, cursing: "Come on up here. No limits! No law etc... (screams, obscenity) JIM &amp; DOORS 
100) 20) text: The PRESS section is now down to about THREE bored FACES, one of them PATRICIA KENNEALY who looks pregnant. JIM smiles at her. JIM &amp; DOORS  Cancel my subscription to the Resurrection  Send my credentials to the house of detention  I got some friends inside
101) 0) text: ANITA BRYANT &amp; JACKIE GLEASON at the NATIONAL DECENCY A large CROWD in the vicinity of 100,000. NIXON addressin them. JIM &amp; DOORS SONG 
102) 1) dialog: ...Well, you gonna get rid of it?  Fucked up people y'know, crazies,  unwanted Indians just throw it in  the river.
102) 4) dialog: Patricia, wouldn't it be better to  have a kid with someone who wanted  to be its father?
102) 6) dialog: It'd be a monster.
102) 8) dialog: I got this trial dragging on me,  Patricia. I couldn't support the kid --  I can't afford it and I don't want  the responsibility right now.
102) 10) dialog: Come on Patricia, I was stoned... it  seemed like the fun thing at the  time.
102) 13) dialog: (that smile) You want 'em?
102) 15) dialog: Then it'll be your kid. If you want  the abortion I'll pay for it and  I'll come up to New York to be with  you when you have it.
102) 17) dialog: Yes I will.
102) 19) dialog: (hurt, near tears) Please don't say those things to me,  Patricia.
102) 22) text: JIM &amp; DOORS  ...the scream of the butterfly  Come back baby  Back into my arms On Jim's face.
103) 2) text: JIM &amp; DOORS 
103) 4) dialog: Well uh, it's designed to wear you  down y'know... when that rap sheet  says the "United States of America  versus You" it takes you down day by  day, specially when no one really  gives a shit about, y'know, the First  Amendment that's on trial here...  Nobody says anything about that,  it's just uh did you take your pants  off y'know, I mean that's not what  it's about, it's about freedom, that's  what it's about... but who cares,  right? Freedom exists in a schoolbook.
103) 6) dialog: Well, I can only open doors, M'am. I  can't drag people thru 'em. I'm no  savior.
103) 8) dialog: (beat, pained) Did I? Well, I'll tell ya, my words  stand a far better chance of being  around a hundred years from now than  my waistline.
104) 9) dialog: (drinking) You're drinking with number three.
104) 16) text: Jim, during this, picking up the TV remote, flicking on t images. The VOICES blending with TV VOICES as he swithes channels. The camera moving in on Jim, the VOICES fading. All we see is Jim. All we hear and see is the TV:
104) 18) text: The SONG climaxes into an inner scream of madness. JIM &amp; DOORS 
104) 20) text: Silence on Jim.
104) 21) dialog: (mildly) I think I'm having a nervous  breakdown.
105) 0) text: JIM dangles out on the narrow ledge that circumscribes th 20th floor rooftop -- wind blowing thru his wild hair, th card zooming by like racer lights on Sunset below. The so LA WOMAN continues born from this renewed feeling of dang JIM &amp; DOORS  Well I just got into town 'bout an hour ago  Took a look around, see which way the wind blow  Where the little girls in their Hollywood bungalows PAM screaming for him to come back from the edge as TOM B and MIKE and DOG and a CAMERAMAN film in 16mm.
105) 2) text: JIM yelling back, as he drinks from a pint of whiskey,  enjoying himself enormously.
105) 3) dialog: Whatcha worried about? I like it out  here.
105) 7) dialog: (laughing at Pam) Life on the edge baby. Come get me  if you love me baby.
105) 9) text: Jim cracking up with laughter. BAKER, drunk and the FILM  CREW love it, swishpanning with a cheap sungun.
105) 14) text: Jim moving further along the ledge.
105) 15) dialog: (raw) YOUR WHOLE LIFE'S BULLSHIT! YOU LOVE  ME THEN COME AND GET ME.
105) 16) text: JIM &amp; DOORS 
105) 19) text: Pam's moving shakily along the ledge, cracked on downers. Jim watching her come, amazed at her risk.
105) 23) dialog: Come on baby, come on.
105) 25) dialog: Don't have an ending Ray.
105) 29) dialog: Come on baby, come on
105) 31) dialog: (raw singing) "I see your hair is burning. If they  say I never loved you, you know they  are a liar!"
105) 33) dialog: All the poetry has wolves in it Pam!!!
105) 36) text: JIM &amp; DOORS  Never saw a woman  So alone (X2)  So alone -- lone lone
105) 37) dialog: C'mon Pam, this is it! We'll do it  right here! Right now! You and me!
105) 40) dialog: (demonic) We can. Right now. Just one more  step...
105) 43) dialog: (a poem) There was preserved in her the fresh  miracle of surprise... clothed in  sunlight restless in wanting dying  of fever married to doubt how it has  changed you how slowly estranged you  solely arranged you beg for your  mercy -- OR -- ...but all will pass  lie down in green grass and smile  and muse and gaze upon her smooth  resemblance to the mating-Queen who  it seems is in love with the horseman  Tomorrow we enter the tomb of my  birth I want to be ready.
105) 44) text: On her face -- moved. Pause. LA WOMAN floods in on his sm an upbeat surge. Upstairs, the ONLOOKERS relax. HOTEL MANAGEMENT and COPS now rushing up in background. JIM &amp; DOORS  Mr. Mojo Rising  Mr. Mojo Risin' (X2)
106) 0) text: There's music rocking from the inside. Cables and baffles run from the second story down to the rehearsal room on t first. JIM &amp; DOORS  Keep on risin'  Got to keep on risin'  Risin' Risin' (X8)
107) 0) text: The SECRETARIES and STAFF dance to the SOUND rocking thru the floor. JIM &amp; DOORS  Well I just got into town about an hour ago  Took a look around, see which way the wind blow Camera moving thru the offices, past the OFFICE BOY, past SIDDONS, past the PUBLICIST, etc -- a farewell to the ban
108) 0) text: We see RAY, ROBBIE, JOHN, BOTNICK, a BASS and 2nd RHYTHM  GUITARIST, WIVES, GIRLFRIENDS but no Jim. They're really  driving, the music soars. PAMELA'S hair shaking as she sw to the beat. JIM &amp; DOORS With a little girl in a Hollywood  bungalow  Are you a lucky lady in the City of  Light?  Or just another lost angel -- City  of Night?
109) 0) text: Wires run into a tiny toilet revealing JIM with headphone to his ears barking into a dangling mike, one leg propped a toilet seat, in a groove. A new, strange, unparalleled  beauty in his voice, hoarser but wiser, haunted by experi yet joyful as youth, Jim is ironically, at his best. JIM &amp; DOORS LA Woman (X2)  LA Woman / Sunday Afternoon (X3)  Drive thru your suburbs  Into your blues (X2)  Into your blue-blue blues
111) 0) text: Camera creeping towards ANNE O'RIORDAN as she waits, alon on a white table for the doctor to arrive. Jim never show up after all. But on we go. JIM &amp; DOORS  I see your hair is burning  Hills are filled with fire  If they say I never lov'd you  You know they are a liar (etc)  Never saw a woman  So alone (X2)  So alone lone lone  So alone
112) 0) text: JIM drives up in his beaten GTO MUSTANG, top down, bags a over the place, hops out. Carrying his bulk with grace, k and rings. RIDERS ON THE STORM starting to play over.
113) 0) text: DOROTHY opens the door. Jim a stack of presents under his arm.
113) 1) dialog: Eek Dorothy! You cut your hair!
113) 3) dialog: (moving past her) What -- was your hair getting in the  way? (she smacks him lightly) Where are the kids?
114) 0) text: He spots them, crossing to the YARD where a CHILDREN'S  BIRTHDAY is in progress -- TWO DOZEN KIDS, a CLOWN acting out for them. A few parents and friends -- ROBBIE and LYN their kid, JOHN and his RECENT LADY, their kid... When the KIDS spot JIM they light up.
114) 1) dialog: Hey -- am I late or is this the cool  remnant of a dream?
114) 3) dialog: (picks up Robin) How's my girl! And how's my boy!
114) 5) dialog: (ad libs) For you... Pancho gets this one...  Melanie -- yours... Hey Dorothy don't  grab now... open that one, that's  yours... keep your paws off that  now...
114) 7) dialog: (to Robin, a 5 year  old) ...and to you, princess, from your  Royal servant, James Douglas Morrison (bows)
114) 10) dialog: No, I gotta plane to catch.
114) 13) text: Jim cocks his head, listening to it playing from an inner room, his eyes on ROBIN opening the gift -- a beautiful,  ANTIQUE DOLL of an 19th century poet -- rock star, stuffe velour jacket, white fluffy lace collar, it could be Byro or it could be Jim Morrison -- in fact the hair is perfec weaved to resemble Jim in his young lion phase -- an iron gift, meant from the heart. It stops everybody -- they al look. A haunted quality to the doll.
114) 16) dialog: Forever young...
115) 0) text: Off the patio windows of the birthday party, sounds and  sunshine pouring in. The Clown running around, laughter. music plays -- BRUCE at the mixing board. JIM &amp; DOORS  Riders on the Storm (x2)  Into this house we're born  Into this world we're thrown  Like a dog without a bone  An actor out on loan  Riders on the storm Where we and Jim came in, I guess. Jim drinks from a cogn bottle straight, foot tapping, enjoying it, knows it's go but other things are calling. This is history.
115) 1) dialog: I gotta admit -- that ain't bad for  four guys who weren't even talking  that day.
115) 4) dialog: Yeah John, be anonymous, write a  book: "Observations of an American  While on Trial in Miami".
115) 6) dialog: I'm pinned man. Everything I do they  got a category for it, y'know.  Freedom's gone.
115) 8) dialog: You can always whip the horses' eyes.  You, John, miss me?
115) 11) dialog: (making light) Yeah, yeah -- and you lay off those  drugs Rob. We're gonna play again  some day.
115) 13) text: The kids running up to grab JIM, pulls him back to the pa
116) 0) text: JIM, a bearded Santa Claus with the birthday hat on his h surrounded by the GIRLS and BOYS and DOROTHY shooting a h movie. They're eating birthday cake but UNCLE JIM is drin straight from the cognac bottle -- a strange sight.
116) 1) dialog: (to Robin) So what are you gonna be when you  grow up?
116) 4) dialog: I don't know, can I afford you? Pam  kinda wiped me out with her dress  store y'know...
116) 7) dialog: (to Dorothy) You know I've never been happier.  Not as much of a rush as I used to  be in y'know... this is the strangest  life I've ever known.
116) 8) text: His eyes on a LITTLE BOY who's walking into the party, si down with the others, ignored, isolated, a birthday cap o his head. Clothes belong to the 1940's and the face seems familiar. Jim is not sure, woozy from the cognac. As he f We saw the Boy many years ago in the backseat of the car the Arizona desert. Jim's head falling gently into his folded arms on the tab the cognac bottle at his elbow, merlin hat on, beard, the kids laughing, pulling his ears and nose -- he doesn't wa up.
116) 11) text: Jim coming awake in that instant alert way of his, but  obviously hung over.
116) 12) dialog: O?... splittling headache from which  the future is made.
117) 2) dialog: (ironic, head hurts) Sure. The Count's there so where  else would she be? Gotta try to start  over, without all the hassles, y'know.  I think we can.
117) 4) dialog: Well she is kinda flakey -- like me.  I mean she's just so vulnerable about  everything. It makes me sad man. (pause) But she's always kinda believed in  something about me y'know -- her  little picture of me as the unsung  poet -- and it's a fantasy I kinda  dig y'know, 'stead of the one I live.
117) 6) dialog: We didn't break thru Ray, we just  pushed things a little. When you  really break thru, there's nothing  left. No music, no Doors, no God,  nothing -- only a will to power.
117) 8) text: Jim, not the sentimental type, climbs in his car, amused.
117) 9) dialog: And now what?
117) 11) dialog: (loves it, laughs) It was white Ray. You gotta stop  harpin' on that day. I was so ripped  I can hardly remember it.
117) 14) dialog: Come on man, I gotta fly.
117) 16) dialog: (VOICE OVER, pulling  out the car) In that year we had a great  Visitation of energy  Back in those days  Everything was simpler and more  confused  One summer night, going to the pier  I ran into two young girls  The blonde was called Freedom  The dark one Enterprise  We talked  And they told me this story.
117) 19) text: His point of view -- Jim receding into the sun in his mus making a shakey, screeching curve at the bend of the beac And he's gone. An ominous ROAR of an AIRPLANE above RAY. flying away.
118) 6) dialog: Aw right. Let's get some tacos!
120) 4) dialog: (OVER) They are waiting to take us into the  severed garden do you know how pale  and wanton thrillful comes death at  a strange hour? Unannounced unplanned  for like a scaring overfriendly guest  you've brought to bed? Death makes  angels of us all? And gives us wings  where we had shoulders smooth as  raven's claws...
121) 0) text: His face etching into a perfect Alexandrine bust of physi beauty. The camera moving to reveal, a wintry day, leaves blowing, the wild cats everywhere in the empty cemetery, crumbling tombs, the flowers fresh and dead around Jim's  tomb, the graffiti, wine bottles, Wilde, Bizet, Piaf, Cho Morrison...
121) 1) dialog: (OVER) No more money, no more fancy dress  this other kingdom seems by far the  best until its other jaw reveals  incest and loose obedience to a  vegetable law. I will not go I prefer  a feast of friends to the giant  family...
121) 4) text: Camera closing past the DOORS to JIM alone, circling the  mike with his dance -- the INDIAN GHOSTMAN jigging, shama like, off to the side -- now levitating above the stage, crazy, gawky dancing.
121) 5) dialog: Well, I'll tell you a story of  whiskey, mystics and men  And about the believers and how the  whole thing began  First there were women and children  obeying the moon  Then daylight brought wisdom and  sickness too soon... the moon is a  dry blood beast  We have assembled inside this ancient  and insane theatre to propagate our  lust for life and flee the swarming  wisdom of the streets we live we die  and death not ends it (screams in agony) FATHER HAVE MERCY!!!
121) 7) dialog: Bird of prey, bird of prey  Flying high, flying high in the summer  sky  Bird of prey, bird of prey flying  high, flying high gently pass by  Bird of prey, bird of prey flying  high, flying high  Take me on your flight (pause then) I will come again down from the wild  mountains