12) 2) text: Camera moving to reveal JOHN DENSMORE wiry, solid on the  drums... moving on to ROBBIE KRIEGER, wispy, ethereal loo the youngest, flamenco-type moves on his early electric  guitar. Also a HARMONICA PLAYER and a BASE. They all seem slightly embarrassed by either the cheap sound system fee or Ray's warbling, but the crowd couldn't care less -- a  German beerhall, they want noise and sex. JIM and his GANG, beers in hand, mouth back the words, be everywhere shoved to the smokey ceiling, everyone on thei feet, nuts with spring fever. Jim eyeing the GIRL next to him.
13) 2) text: Jammed into the sedan are TRICK, BONES, ROBBIE, JOHN... RAY &amp; ALL COOL IT JIM, COME ON COOL IT.
13) 5) dialog: HE'S GOING OUT! HE'S GOING OUT!
13) 8) text: His waist is out the window, John and all grabbing for hi heels.
21) 1) text: JIM straining to make it work, jumping around violent, st not in control. Yet searching. JOHN cutting out.
21) 2) dialog: That's really square. Let's hip it  up. Jump on your cues.
21) 7) dialog: (frustrated) I still think it sounds like the  bottom of a fishbowl man.
21) 16) dialog: Yeah but it sounds like the Byrds  man, we're not folk rock man. How  'bout trying it with a Latin beat.
21) 18) dialog: We don't need a bridge.
21) 21) text: John drumming it, different, more Latin.
21) 25) dialog: (hitting the drums) Yeah -- maybe stretch it out and put  it in 4/4 on bass, 3/4 on guitar and  snare.
22) 1) dialog: (irritated at Ray) Guy's obnoxious, man always bossin'  people around! I thought we were  equals!
22) 7) dialog: Whatsamatter with you man, what about  Pam, you got the morals of a coyote.
22) 9) dialog: Hell NO!
22) 12) dialog: Sieg Heil!
23) 2) dialog: (clicking) 1... 2... 1 - 2 - 3 (crack)
23) 3) text: It goes. The famous organ intro to LIGHT MY FIRE blends o the room like magic, carrying JIM, ROBBIE, JOHN, DOROTHY, PAMELA along over:
26) 1) text: Some groupies have formed a small fan club at the base of the stage, muscling past PAM, but most people ignore them drinking, arguing, dancing to their own fuckbeats. Possib this has something to do with the fact that JIM sings wit his back to all of them. JOHN looking over furious at RAY who mutters under the mu
27) 9) text: Camera gliding across the small crowded smokey room to RA and JOHN in conversation with a slick Beverly Hills MANAG type.
27) 18) dialog: (to Ray) What a sleaze! Man, Jim's gotta start  facing the crowd if he's gonna be  the front man.
27) 20) dialog: He never does what we rehearsed.  What's the point of...
27) 22) dialog: Great, but...
29) 6) dialog: Will you get off my case! I'm never  doing acid again. Too many bad trips  man.
29) 8) dialog: I'm into TM man. I promised my guru...
29) 23) dialog: So you don't have a phone number?  What do you mean you don't have a  phone number?
29) 25) dialog: I don't have a phone.
30) 0) text: A dented RED CHEVROLET fishtails on a dry mudflat, whippi up dustdevils. They're all LAUGHING (strange noise) -- in a circle somew on the edge of a precipice in deep arroyos and magnificen rocks and cacti... A football huddle of faces - RAY, JOHN, ROBBIE, JIM -- th four DOORS... laughing with the first mad impulse of the  peyote. PAM is vomiting her brains out as DOROTHY tries to comfor her on the edge of a cliff... Jim panthers up the dune.
30) 8) text: John shutters -- as does Robbie and Ray. Jim seems posses
30) 11) dialog: I think I'm fucked up. I'm not  thinking right.
30) 13) dialog: You should see your eyes right now,  you're death. Look at your eyes --  you're crazy man, you look crazy.  You scare me.
30) 17) dialog: What the fuck!
30) 25) dialog: I feel Lust. I want to fuck everything  I can, and I know it will never be  enough.
30) 31) text: He takes Ray and Robbie's hands, his voice calming them,  reform the circle. John hesitant. Not all will enter the  gates at evening.
30) 32) dialog: (cold sweats) I'm not gonna make it man. I'm scared  Jim, I'm still scared. Blindness is  coming on.
30) 34) text: Pulling John into the circle, bonding, their four heads s to the desert floor, Jim making wild Indian sounds, deep- throated "shoooh... shoooh"... now humming a song from th desert.
30) 38) text: Suddenly Jim breaks and rises out of the circle. Ray, Rob John, all looking at him. The same need. Pamela, the  desperation of her eyes.
30) 41) dialog: Jim, where are you going.
36) 2) text: The band has come together fully now. ROBBIE'S fingers sl across the trembling strings, staring at the ceiling,  wandering around the darkened portions of stage left, he  feels Jim -- echoes him back with his flamenco-blues guit JOHN on drums, reading Jim's moods, throws in the spontan and violent riffs that keep it savage. He literally tortu Jim's ears with his drums. And RAY, concentrated with his nodding head like a big  flamingo over his keyboard, mixing it up, throwing curves yet also -- and more delicately -- torturing Jim with the messianic organ sounds that shriek in his ears. There is  something of Merlin in Ray -- the alchemist knowing how t play Jim. And JIM -- "that sneaky silent lithe flowing flexing anim ready at last to share both his body and his soul with th world, to live out the words of the Indian prophet... to  lead.
36) 12) text: The SCREAMS primal, pure Jim -- Indian savagery ripped fr the depths of his soul, of his pain -- bouncing off the  walls... As the AUDIENCE gasps, shocked, stunned... As the guitar hits a high, horrid reverb, JIM in slightly SLOW MOTION suddenly tightens his backbone as if electroc and shoots violently backwards, hitting the floor like a  puppet cut from his string -- we sense Jim himself has cr a barrier now, gone into yet another stage of his perform a stage from which he can never return. Like the gunfight who has killed his first man. RAY sees it instantly where it's going, hits the organ! R and John follow. the instruments EXPLODE all at once tryi to bury Jim in his primal unmistakeable scream. The CLUB in shock. Tribal taboo broken in one instant. Je exploding off the balcony toward the stage... Pamela, extremely moved and impressed, and Dorothy... the go girls, as jaded as they come, are stunned tension... t groupies love it. Jim has jumped up now, dancing an Indian war dance around the mike.
37) 6) text: Lost in the melee, RAY and JOHN springing Jim back from l death
37) 11) text: As they rumble by him, all yelling at once. Into the stre EXT. ALLEY &amp; STAIRCASE OUTSIDE WHISKY - THAT NIGHT The DOORS go sailing out, followed by one of their drums, JOHN and ROBBIE restraining Jim from going back in.
37) 17) dialog: (to RAY and ROBBIE) We'll never work again man. The Mafia  controls all these clubs.
37) 24) text: John and Robbie sharing looks.
47) 0) text: Bedlam. MAKE-UP ARTISTS pancaking the faces of the DOORS the nightmare coming true. RAY in a white suit with too m pinstripes. ROBBIE a spearmint turtleneck, beads, long  sideburns, JOHN in red velveteen head to foot with a tie- splotch on the front of it. Their hair's being violated e by a nervous gay black HAIR DESIGNER to make them totally self-conscious and nervous about their first live TV  appearance -- all except JIM who remains in his signature black leather with the silver navajo belt and shiny spang watching a portable TV... A GIRL leaving his side, crossi Pamela. Eye contact between them speaks of Pamela's jealo
47) 1) dialog: (indignant) You're gonna cut it!
47) 3) dialog: The kind you get in hotels.
47) 34) dialog: Well?
55) 13) text: JOHN DENSMORE appearing with a wasted looking ROBBIE who giggling, high, and with a NEW GIRLFRIEND in tow.
55) 14) dialog: Get outta here man. This is fucking  weird man.
55) 43) dialog: Tell you the truth, I can live without  him. He's a freak. Let's get outta  here. We got a show tomorrow.
55) 49) text: A moment, strange. Slightly SLOW MOTION. Ray tapping Jim' shoulder goodbye... Robbie and John's faces passing on. A if they're parting -- in a symbolic way. Jim blinking in same SLOW MOTION, looking. Nico is gone -- but Tom is the across the room, waving. The INDIAN SHAMAN looks like he's standing there in a cor Jim, ripped, heads for him, but the PR WOMAN cuts him off Jim forgets he saw the Indian.
64) 5) text: Danger fills the air, electric. Jim strutting, Indian lik up to one of the Cops, whipping off his hat and flipping to the Crowd, which roars with approval. A couple Cops lo at Jim, sensing they're being challenged but not sure how They shuffle and look offstage for direction. Their appar impotence brings redoubled jeering from the Kids. RAY, next to his stick of incense on the organ, shares a  look with JOHN as they head into the instrumental break i the song. There's something different about Jim -- more  demonic, more driven -- a spirit has taken him over. RAY'S POV -- JIM catching his look, but no recognition in those eyes. They're dark pools, like Warhol's eyes. He tu away, taking the mike and off the cuff rapping  improvisationally with the backbeat, keeping poetic meter
64) 12) text: The AUDIENCE laughing, the band continuing to play, John  adding emphasis to Jim's words with various shots and rol Camera moving over the crowd picking out the KIDS, sensin the anarchy dormant in their faces.
64) 25) dialog: (scared) They're gonna beat the shit out of  him man!
73) 0) text: RAY and DOROTHY take their vows in front of a HIPPIE PRIE ROBBIE and JOHN and their WIVES-TO-BE, and OTHERS from th BAND look on. PAMELA is all decked out in her best, wedding clothes, re satins from Morocco, five-inch clog heels, flowers in her hair. Looking around pissed as:
75) 4) text: RAY and DOROTHY walking in. ROBBIE and JOHN general commo Dorothy immediately seeing the duck, runs to it...
75) 39) text: John's GIRLFRIEND is trying to introduce the BLACK SINGER Jim.
75) 61) text: HUNGARIAN GYPSY FOLK MUSIC playing madly from the tape de John fiddling with it, nervously.
75) 77) text: A silence. Robbie... John... their women... they start  exiting. TOM &amp; MIKE (to RAY) Yeah FUCK OFF MAN!
88) 19) text: Ray, Siddons, Robbie, John, shuffling for a moment.
88) 27) dialog: Oh come on man, you think just cause  you're the lead man in the band you  can run the whole show.
88) 30) dialog: (aggressive) Yeah I do.
88) 32) dialog: No.
93) 1) dialog: Listen to 'em! They're not coming  for the music anymore. They're coming  to see a fuckin' freak show!
93) 3) dialog: He wanted it! Not us. I just don't  fuckin' get the point anymore. I  never did I guess. Y'ask me he's  just become a drunken fuckin' asshole  that's what. And he's gonna take us  down with him.
93) 5) dialog: Don't lecture me Mr. Philosopher,  you never felt a fuckin thing in  your life. I loved that man. I loved  what he was.
98) 7) text: Meanwhile, JOHN arguing with RAY and JIM who sways, drunk The FBI agents get lost in the background.
98) 8) dialog: I'm not going out there man!
98) 10) dialog: Look at him! I'm not going out there  'till I get some sorta guarantee  he's gonna stay in line. I've had it  with this shit.
98) 12) dialog: (going physically for  Jim) YOU'RE A FUCKIN ASSHOLE MAN!!
98) 14) text: Jim laughing, throws his arm around ROBBIE for support, R patient with him. John yelling as they approach the curta and the lights and the first monster realization of the  THOUSAND MOUTHS waiting in the pit of hell.
98) 15) dialog: You're pushing death Morrison.  Everybody thinks we're drug addicts  cause of you Morrison.
98) 17) dialog: (held by Ray) We took drugs to EXPAND MINDS ASSHOLE,  not ESCAPE. I'M NOT GOING OUT THERE  WITH YOU.
98) 20) dialog: I'm not going out there!
99) 9) text: During the instrumental break, Jim picks up one of the ro from the floor, pokes it at John on the drums, who whacks to death on his skins. Jim starts to whirl the mike cord  like a slingshot or bolo, in an ever-widening arc... ...it flies off and smashes into the head of the PROMOTER the edge of the stage arguing with SIDDONS. The man is  staggered, weaving, Siddons helping him to a FIRST AID TE
100) 0) text: The "Charges" are being read by the JUDGE, distant, not o this world. The court is lit in southern gothic daylight, ghostly chiaroscuro, all colors bled. Camera moving along the sweaty white faces of the six older JURORS, all of th straight "silent majority"... past the PROSECUTOR, his sh cutting the jury box... onto JIM bearded, smoking 2 packs day, a deep racking cough, sitting with his elder ATTORNE RAY, ROBBIE, JOHN, PAMELA, OTHERS in support are there in background. The trial is going down like a morphine dream Jim featured in diopter close-up.
104) 3) dialog: Probably a bath too...
104) 5) dialog: ...didn't invite us to Woodstock.  Twenty other groups but not...
108) 0) text: We see RAY, ROBBIE, JOHN, BOTNICK, a BASS and 2nd RHYTHM  GUITARIST, WIVES, GIRLFRIENDS but no Jim. They're really  driving, the music soars. PAMELA'S hair shaking as she sw to the beat. JIM &amp; DOORS With a little girl in a Hollywood  bungalow  Are you a lucky lady in the City of  Light?  Or just another lost angel -- City  of Night?
114) 0) text: He spots them, crossing to the YARD where a CHILDREN'S  BIRTHDAY is in progress -- TWO DOZEN KIDS, a CLOWN acting out for them. A few parents and friends -- ROBBIE and LYN their kid, JOHN and his RECENT LADY, their kid... When the KIDS spot JIM they light up.
114) 6) text: As RAY and ROBBIE and JOHN and the others circle him.
114) 11) dialog: Won't take long man, it's the best  one since "Days".
115) 3) dialog: You really gonna live in Paris man?
115) 7) dialog: Hey, I'm gonna miss you Jim. I'm  gonna miss the feeling of playing  music with you.
115) 9) dialog: More than you think asshole. (turn away, repressing --  the emotions)