3) 0) text: MOM, DAD, the youngest BABY in the front seat -- pointing the storm. GRANDMA &amp; GRANDAD in the back with JIM, about 4 and h SISTER, 3 asleep. Mom's a beauty and Dad's an austere handsome military man civilian clothes, mouthing words -- look, wake them up, a desert storm... but we barely hear A LIGHTNING BOLT shreds the blue sky with a thunderous so frightening dawn of creation... Grandma nudging Jim awake. His eyes open -- Just as the car turns the bend -- revealing An overturned TRUCK lying in the road -- dead and wounded INDIANS everywhere... A cop car, ambulance. A terrible  accident... The first thing Jim sees... An old INDIAN FACE staring at him... The car pulling alongside, Dad rolling his window down... asking if he can help (SOUNDLESS) A line of wailing INDIA
3) 5) dialog: It's just a dream, Jimmy, just a  dream
3) 7) dialog: It's just a dream Jimmy, just a dream
9) 15) text: A moment. She must decide. The YOUNG MAN within earshot.
20) 49) text: Jim has crouched, digging his hand in the sand. As the gr spill out of his fist he has his eyes closed. Ray pantomimes chords in the keyboard sand. All of a sudd we're in RAY'S POV -- a mystical moment. Jim singing, no  sound, then pure song, unadulterated by atmosphere.
32) 0) text: Somewhere. The child alone. On the living room floor. Dra his sketches in a book. MOM's feet moving past -- then DA feet. We may sense a subtle shift in mood when the parent come in -- from the boy's eyes which never leave the sket he is drawing.
51) 50) text: Flashbulbs hitting his face at that moment.
55) 46) text: Jim's eyes briefly on -- Pamela giggling with the French  Count, putting her hand on his arm as she laughs. Innocen nothing meant but a moment...
55) 49) text: A moment, strange. Slightly SLOW MOTION. Ray tapping Jim' shoulder goodbye... Robbie and John's faces passing on. A if they're parting -- in a symbolic way. Jim blinking in same SLOW MOTION, looking. Nico is gone -- but Tom is the across the room, waving. The INDIAN SHAMAN looks like he's standing there in a cor Jim, ripped, heads for him, but the PR WOMAN cuts him off Jim forgets he saw the Indian.
75) 21) text: Only in life would ANNE O'RIORDAN walk in at this precise moment, a smile on her face. Ray's eyes roll.
75) 49) text: The charred TURKEY is being carved up. A moment of peace, then: Pamela walks up to Jim with a bowl of sweet potatoe in her arms, an announcement.
88) 19) text: Ray, Siddons, Robbie, John, shuffling for a moment.
88) 29) text: PAMELA, looking drawn and pathetic finds this moment to w into the studio.
88) 44) text: The others all look away embarrassed. This is certainly a moment the ordinary partner might turn away from Pamela, tears running, but her pathacy, her inability to deal wit pain is precisely what moves Jim the most -- a side of hi in her -- an ultimate weakness she has, he shares. As he  goes to her, puts his arms gently around her.
99) 15) text: SPECIAL EFFECT -- the INDIAN GHOST is leaving Jim's body spectrally moving off him, hovering there in the air, its eyes -- the face of a dying Indian on an Arizona highway then gone. A moment, only three, four beats. An optical  illusion? Maybe. Or is it saying, 'now you are just a whi man'... maybe not. As it drifts off in a cloud, into the  vast audience's EYEBALL.