9) 19) text: He vanishes. The Man abreast of Pamela, as if he's seen a vision.
9) 21) dialog: (everything's cool) That's Jim. My new friend.
16) 0) text: JIM and PAMELA moving along the byways. A clear starry  California night.
21) 9) text: They're drained, tired, in a large rehersal/living room 3 feet high, fronted by large glass windows looking out at beach at Marina. The room is filled with golden, gorgeous setting sunlight. PAMELA goes to the kitchen with DOROTHY, Ray's Japanese  fiancee.
23) 3) text: It goes. The famous organ intro to LIGHT MY FIRE blends o the room like magic, carrying JIM, ROBBIE, JOHN, DOROTHY, PAMELA along over:
29) 31) text: A look between Jim and Caprice. Pamela pulling Jim away,  gives the girl a look.
30) 38) text: Suddenly Jim breaks and rises out of the circle. Ray, Rob John, all looking at him. The same need. Pamela, the  desperation of her eyes.
30) 43) text: Pamela calling from another dune, far away.
36) 6) text: Pamela sensing something is coming... the AUDIENCE... Jer the go-go dancers...
36) 12) text: The SCREAMS primal, pure Jim -- Indian savagery ripped fr the depths of his soul, of his pain -- bouncing off the  walls... As the AUDIENCE gasps, shocked, stunned... As the guitar hits a high, horrid reverb, JIM in slightly SLOW MOTION suddenly tightens his backbone as if electroc and shoots violently backwards, hitting the floor like a  puppet cut from his string -- we sense Jim himself has cr a barrier now, gone into yet another stage of his perform a stage from which he can never return. Like the gunfight who has killed his first man. RAY sees it instantly where it's going, hits the organ! R and John follow. the instruments EXPLODE all at once tryi to bury Jim in his primal unmistakeable scream. The CLUB in shock. Tribal taboo broken in one instant. Je exploding off the balcony toward the stage... Pamela, extremely moved and impressed, and Dorothy... the go girls, as jaded as they come, are stunned tension... t groupies love it. Jim has jumped up now, dancing an Indian war dance around the mike.
37) 16) text: JAC HOLZMAN pushing past to Ray. Pamela separating Jim  visually from Jerry.
40) 4) text: BODYGUARDS running in to pull him out as he's tossed, lik limp god, over the heads of the crowd, rolling like a buo on a rocking sea, from hand to hand, Dionysus, devoured l from limb by the "little girls". PAMELA watching from the side curtain. ALABAMA SONG (WHISKY BAR) now kicks in with its comic,  Brechtian strain as we:
41) 0) text: Screaming FANS chase the DOORS to a commercial airplane,  scribbling autographs. One of the GIRLS smacking JIM on t lips as he laughs, her cameras clicking. PAMELA shooting home movie of it, pushed aside by the crowd, rescued by R and the new young manager, BILL SIDDONS...
43) 0) text: JIM'S face pressed to the window, PAMELA next to him hugg each other.
43) 2) dialog: (cutting his food) As compared to what?
43) 4) dialog: I don't want to die ever, what a  weird thing to say.
45) 3) text: Their voices distorting. A GIRLCHILD squeezing thru the c with the fatal bullet. In slightly SLOW MOTION, Jim seein her come... as she glues herself hip to hip, lip to lip w Jim, her hands clawing at his leather pants. It takes TWO COPS to peel her off. Pamela furious. Jim is gracious wit everyone, signs patiently, talks, kisses, shakes hands wi the boys, lets them touch his hair, his body, poses for a picture, seems to like it.
47) 0) text: Bedlam. MAKE-UP ARTISTS pancaking the faces of the DOORS the nightmare coming true. RAY in a white suit with too m pinstripes. ROBBIE a spearmint turtleneck, beads, long  sideburns, JOHN in red velveteen head to foot with a tie- splotch on the front of it. Their hair's being violated e by a nervous gay black HAIR DESIGNER to make them totally self-conscious and nervous about their first live TV  appearance -- all except JIM who remains in his signature black leather with the silver navajo belt and shiny spang watching a portable TV... A GIRL leaving his side, crossi Pamela. Eye contact between them speaks of Pamela's jealo
50) 0) text: OVERHEAD ANGLE -- JIM lies there in a sweat. PAMELA pulls off him, naked, frustrated, trying to rouse him.
53) 17) text: Our camera dwells on Jim in the mirror, closer, closer -- the image and the reality, which is which anymore -- wher does it end? The Great Jim Morrison, The Shaman, then Pamela, Patricia Gloria, a series of women who face after face fill the an gallery, interchangeable masks as PEOPLE ARE STRANGE clim and JIM's face SPINS OUT OPTICALLY TO:
55) 2) text: PAMELA is suddenly there, laughing, nuttily introducing a handsome strapping TOM BAKER, a charismatic actor, and a  COUNT, suave, urbane, on heroin. Her voice lost in the ja their names sound as if they're in a bottom of a tank. PA seems so impressed with the high life of New York.
55) 3) dialog: Oh Jim this is Tom... Baker, he's an  actor, he was in Andy's movie and  this is Count Ruspoli. He lives in  Paris, but he's Italian. He's from a  very famous family over there. They're  seven hundred years old.
55) 46) text: Jim's eyes briefly on -- Pamela giggling with the French  Count, putting her hand on his arm as she laughs. Innocen nothing meant but a moment...
57) 0) text: SNOW on the streets... a group of DRUGGIES staggering in snowbanks, throwing snowballs, stupid giggling, wheezing  puffs of cold air... Jim throws the golden telephone into the trash and pees o it. IRIS SHOTS continue -- PAMELA laughing battily with TOM B who's putting the make on her... The COUNT is on heroin. JIM passing a vodka bottle back and forth with NICO hitti a stash of ups. They fall in the snow, mad Russian winter
59) 0) text: NICO stripping... a superb body... riding the floors... Jim taking an amyl nitrate with her... laughing... Nico w that crazed German laugh... PAMELA pushing the elevator  buttons wildly... The elevator opening on her. From Pamela's POV -- Nico do on her knees, her blonde head buried in Jim's leather pan Jim pinned against the back wall, smiling dopically, eyes barely registering Pam... who screams loud and long, hidi his eyes... not wanting to know... The images faster and  more fragmented: Pam beating at Jim wildly. He's laughing Nico's laughing. The Aristocrats in the hallway are laugh The world is laughing with its madness.
73) 0) text: RAY and DOROTHY take their vows in front of a HIPPIE PRIE ROBBIE and JOHN and their WIVES-TO-BE, and OTHERS from th BAND look on. PAMELA is all decked out in her best, wedding clothes, re satins from Morocco, five-inch clog heels, flowers in her hair. Looking around pissed as:
74) 0) text: JIM, in dark glasses, strongly feeling the effects of the acid, stares at a box of Kellogg's Corn Flakes, unable to relate. Down the aisle PAMELA, in her wedding clothes, is pushing shopping cart, filled with the feast she's preparing. The Store is a haven for HIPPIES from Laurel Canyon, barefoot RUNAWAYS, BIKERS...
75) 0) text: The FOOD is laid out, the DUCK cooking... but no one is t as we move across this tastefully decorated house to PAME in the living room, rattled, obsessively going through Ji papers. PEOPLE are knocking at the door. Guests looking  through the windows, tapping. A giant poster of Marilyn M frames Pamela.
75) 20) dialog: (laughs insanely) I'm not your girl, don't give me  that shit. I know you fuck everything  that touches you.
75) 26) dialog: (stunned, pushing  thru to Anne) Anne O'Riordan. Are you Anne  O'Riordan?
75) 28) dialog: (eyeing her up and  down through her  tears) You actually put your dick in this  woman Jim?
75) 30) dialog: (condescending to  Anne) I understand... I really do but don't  ever think that Jim's gonna love you  or take care of you. You're one of a  hundred you know
75) 35) dialog: Don't kid yourself sweetheart, Jim's  crazy but he's not that crazy. He  loves me.
75) 49) text: The charred TURKEY is being carved up. A moment of peace, then: Pamela walks up to Jim with a bowl of sweet potatoe in her arms, an announcement.
75) 82) text: Pamela is sobbing, in a quiet bewildered voice, repeating herself.
77) 10) text: JIM'S POV entering the bedroom -- PAMELA naked in bed wit the COUNT, is snorting heroin. Shadows of the trees and l blowing against the walls. Their voices, dim, distant.
86) 3) text: Pamela listening at the door. She's on the second story o cheap motel overlooking a boring parking lot on the edge La Cienega.
88) 29) text: PAMELA, looking drawn and pathetic finds this moment to w into the studio.
88) 44) text: The others all look away embarrassed. This is certainly a moment the ordinary partner might turn away from Pamela, tears running, but her pathacy, her inability to deal wit pain is precisely what moves Jim the most -- a side of hi in her -- an ultimate weakness she has, he shares. As he  goes to her, puts his arms gently around her.
100) 0) text: The "Charges" are being read by the JUDGE, distant, not o this world. The court is lit in southern gothic daylight, ghostly chiaroscuro, all colors bled. Camera moving along the sweaty white faces of the six older JURORS, all of th straight "silent majority"... past the PROSECUTOR, his sh cutting the jury box... onto JIM bearded, smoking 2 packs day, a deep racking cough, sitting with his elder ATTORNE RAY, ROBBIE, JOHN, PAMELA, OTHERS in support are there in background. The trial is going down like a morphine dream Jim featured in diopter close-up.
108) 0) text: We see RAY, ROBBIE, JOHN, BOTNICK, a BASS and 2nd RHYTHM  GUITARIST, WIVES, GIRLFRIENDS but no Jim. They're really  driving, the music soars. PAMELA'S hair shaking as she sw to the beat. JIM &amp; DOORS With a little girl in a Hollywood  bungalow  Are you a lucky lady in the City of  Light?  Or just another lost angel -- City  of Night?
119) 0) text: PAMELA is agitated in her sleep -- waking as she feels hi watching. Is that him? At the door? A SHADOW -- leaves.  Footsteps moving down the narrow Parisian corridor with t creaky floor.