1) 10) text: Music riffs from "American Prayer". AUDIENCE SOUNDS ghost on the track. The ENGINEER reeling backwards from the sud shift in sound, cursing silent.
10) 5) text: RAY MANZAREK, a tall student with powerful voice and mann thick glasses, long hair sweeping down over his eyes, lea over to Jim.
10) 6) dialog: Hey man it's great, don't listen to  em, it's non-linear man, it's poetry  man, everything Godard stands for.
12) 0) text: Tall bespectacled RAY MANZAREK is banging out GLORIA on t piano in bad Jerry Lee Lewis style.
12) 1) dialog: I tell you bout my baby 'bout five  foot four from head to toe She came  to my room Just 'bout midnight She  makes me feel so good She makes me  feel alright
12) 2) text: Camera moving to reveal JOHN DENSMORE wiry, solid on the  drums... moving on to ROBBIE KRIEGER, wispy, ethereal loo the youngest, flamenco-type moves on his early electric  guitar. Also a HARMONICA PLAYER and a BASE. They all seem slightly embarrassed by either the cheap sound system fee or Ray's warbling, but the crowd couldn't care less -- a  German beerhall, they want noise and sex. JIM and his GANG, beers in hand, mouth back the words, be everywhere shoved to the smokey ceiling, everyone on thei feet, nuts with spring fever. Jim eyeing the GIRL next to him.
12) 12) text: He evades the football man's grasp, elusive physicality. hops over tables, heading for the stage. Other KIDS are u on the stage dancing, but Jim goes right up alongside RAY shaking his hips like Elvis. Ray giving him the mike. Imp time.
13) 0) text: JIM is insane on beers in the back seat, reaching over th wheel to try to drive the car for RAY who is flailing at  him. Jim pulling Ray's hair...
13) 2) text: Jammed into the sedan are TRICK, BONES, ROBBIE, JOHN... RAY &amp; ALL COOL IT JIM, COME ON COOL IT.
13) 4) text: As he winds down the window and starts crawling out of th car. Heavy traffic. Ray weaving to avoid another vehicle. Honking horn.
13) 7) dialog: GET HIM BACK IN!
20) 31) dialog: Om om... No bliss! No bliss!
20) 34) text: Ray opening his eyes -- his POV -- Jim, slouched, jacket  over his shoulder, sun behind him.
20) 35) dialog: (surprised) Morrison... Aw shit. Last trip I  thought I was going through hell's  digestive system. Something painted  by Hieronymus Bosch.
20) 37) dialog: I like naturally high man.
20) 39) dialog: Well I saw the head of production  and I said Godard doesn't use scripts,  he improvises with his camera and he  said, "great who's Godard?"
20) 41) dialog: Right on. I thought you went to New  York?
20) 43) dialog: Whatcha been doing?
20) 45) dialog: Songs? Lemme hear one.
20) 47) dialog: So neither can Dylan. "Johnny's in  the basement mixing up the medicine,  I'm on the pavement thinking about  the government". But he's got the  words man. That's what they want.
20) 49) text: Jim has crouched, digging his hand in the sand. As the gr spill out of his fist he has his eyes closed. Ray pantomimes chords in the keyboard sand. All of a sudd we're in RAY'S POV -- a mystical moment. Jim singing, no  sound, then pure song, unadulterated by atmosphere.
20) 51) text: Jim stops, shrugs. Ray looks at him a long beat. Intense  eyes, the manner of a man who knows what he wants and can be stopped.
20) 52) dialog: Wow!... Y'know man those are hot  lyrics -- really hot!
20) 54) dialog: Are you kidding! I could fly. You  wrote that? You got others?
20) 56) dialog: (slaps him on the  knee) Man. You got a voice like Chet Baker --  haunted! What the hell happened to  you in the desert? Let's get a rock  and roll band together man and make  a million bucks.
20) 58) dialog: (walking JIM) It's the perfect time man! Two of  the guys outta my band are really  into this. I meditate with them. You  know them... Robbie and John. We  could have it in the can in three  weeks.
20) 60) dialog: The Stones did it outta the London  School of Economics for Chrissake.  Things are about to explode man. You  can feel it in the air. (points out over the  ocean) Vietnam's right out there. Sides are  being chosen. People wanna fight or  fuck, love or kill, everything's  gonna flame. The planet's screaming  for change, Morrison. Make the myths  man!!
20) 61) text: Jim laughs, loves Ray's ardor as they move along the ocea side.
20) 63) dialog: What do we call ourselves. "Dionysus"?
20) 65) dialog: What?
20) 67) dialog: The Doors? (facial distaste) That's the most ridiculous... (then) ...you mean the doors in your mind?  Like the Huxley book.
20) 69) dialog: Yeah sure mescaline experiments --  reducing the sugar flow to the brain.  Great book.
20) 71) dialog: (finishes) -- infinite". It's great, Jim.
20) 73) dialog: Rehearsing. You're moving off the  rooftop and in with me and Dorothy.
21) 3) dialog: Tighten it up. Stay with the beat  Jim. You're dragging.
21) 9) text: They're drained, tired, in a large rehersal/living room 3 feet high, fronted by large glass windows looking out at beach at Marina. The room is filled with golden, gorgeous setting sunlight. PAMELA goes to the kitchen with DOROTHY, Ray's Japanese  fiancee.
21) 12) dialog: Okay man there's some good changes  in there.
21) 23) dialog: (to John) Nice groove, John. Chaka chaka chaka,  then bula burump bula (to Robbie) ...you're right, it could take a  coupla long solos, that's wild man,  like Butterfield did on "East-West" --  really hip.
21) 26) dialog: (clicking, excited) Why not! A minor to B minor. Jazz!  That then is jazz! But it needs a  hook. Something. Give me some space.  I need some space. Leave the room  guys. Come on! Go!
21) 27) text: The three excluded Doors head out to the beach like obedi schoolboys while Ray fools with his organ.
22) 11) dialog: (yelling from the  house) I GOT IT I GOT IT... GET IN HERE.  HURRY.
23) 0) text: TIGHT on RAY like a schoolmaster cueing them.
23) 1) dialog: Okay here it is. Bach and Rock. Count  it off John
26) 1) text: Some groupies have formed a small fan club at the base of the stage, muscling past PAM, but most people ignore them drinking, arguing, dancing to their own fuckbeats. Possib this has something to do with the fact that JIM sings wit his back to all of them. JOHN looking over furious at RAY who mutters under the mu
26) 2) dialog: Turn around Jim! Come on let 'em in.
27) 11) dialog: Yeah right, but what about the music?
27) 13) dialog: Uh huh. Well, how 'bout gettin' us  some real equipment?
27) 15) dialog: (exchanging looks  with John) We'll have a band meeting. The four  of us do everything unanimously or  we don't do it.
27) 17) text: He gives Ray a card, leaving, crossing to Jim and PAM tal
27) 19) dialog: He's just getting his confidence.
27) 21) dialog: How does it feel?
27) 30) dialog: (coming over) "Whiskey's" next, I can feel it in  my bones.
29) 2) dialog: Right on stud. But you better watch  out for the guys.
30) 0) text: A dented RED CHEVROLET fishtails on a dry mudflat, whippi up dustdevils. They're all LAUGHING (strange noise) -- in a circle somew on the edge of a precipice in deep arroyos and magnificen rocks and cacti... A football huddle of faces - RAY, JOHN, ROBBIE, JIM -- th four DOORS... laughing with the first mad impulse of the  peyote. PAM is vomiting her brains out as DOROTHY tries to comfor her on the edge of a cliff... Jim panthers up the dune.
30) 8) text: John shutters -- as does Robbie and Ray. Jim seems posses
30) 22) text: Ray has his head buried in his hands.
30) 23) dialog: I'm in pain man. I want something  from the peyote. I feel the universe  functioning perfectly but I'm still  perfectly locked inside myself.  Instead of Oneness, I feel total  Isolation. Aloneness. Fear... Pain...  Jim, all I feel is pain.
30) 31) text: He takes Ray and Robbie's hands, his voice calming them,  reform the circle. John hesitant. Not all will enter the  gates at evening.
30) 38) text: Suddenly Jim breaks and rises out of the circle. Ray, Rob John, all looking at him. The same need. Pamela, the  desperation of her eyes.
36) 2) text: The band has come together fully now. ROBBIE'S fingers sl across the trembling strings, staring at the ceiling,  wandering around the darkened portions of stage left, he  feels Jim -- echoes him back with his flamenco-blues guit JOHN on drums, reading Jim's moods, throws in the spontan and violent riffs that keep it savage. He literally tortu Jim's ears with his drums. And RAY, concentrated with his nodding head like a big  flamingo over his keyboard, mixing it up, throwing curves yet also -- and more delicately -- torturing Jim with the messianic organ sounds that shriek in his ears. There is  something of Merlin in Ray -- the alchemist knowing how t play Jim. And JIM -- "that sneaky silent lithe flowing flexing anim ready at last to share both his body and his soul with th world, to live out the words of the Indian prophet... to  lead.
36) 4) text: Ray looks over up from his board, catches Robby with a 'w this?' look... They go with it, improvising... Jim clutching the mike tighter, seeking solace in its arm it all hangs in the air as if he doesn't have any idea wh he's going to say next.
36) 12) text: The SCREAMS primal, pure Jim -- Indian savagery ripped fr the depths of his soul, of his pain -- bouncing off the  walls... As the AUDIENCE gasps, shocked, stunned... As the guitar hits a high, horrid reverb, JIM in slightly SLOW MOTION suddenly tightens his backbone as if electroc and shoots violently backwards, hitting the floor like a  puppet cut from his string -- we sense Jim himself has cr a barrier now, gone into yet another stage of his perform a stage from which he can never return. Like the gunfight who has killed his first man. RAY sees it instantly where it's going, hits the organ! R and John follow. the instruments EXPLODE all at once tryi to bury Jim in his primal unmistakeable scream. The CLUB in shock. Tribal taboo broken in one instant. Je exploding off the balcony toward the stage... Pamela, extremely moved and impressed, and Dorothy... the go girls, as jaded as they come, are stunned tension... t groupies love it. Jim has jumped up now, dancing an Indian war dance around the mike.
37) 6) text: Lost in the melee, RAY and JOHN springing Jim back from l death
37) 7) dialog: JERRY JERRY... He was talking about  Oedipus! GREEK TRAGEDY!! It's ART!!
37) 16) text: JAC HOLZMAN pushing past to Ray. Pamela separating Jim  visually from Jerry.
37) 19) dialog: (knows the name) Oh sure, hi.
37) 23) dialog: Yeah?
47) 0) text: Bedlam. MAKE-UP ARTISTS pancaking the faces of the DOORS the nightmare coming true. RAY in a white suit with too m pinstripes. ROBBIE a spearmint turtleneck, beads, long  sideburns, JOHN in red velveteen head to foot with a tie- splotch on the front of it. Their hair's being violated e by a nervous gay black HAIR DESIGNER to make them totally self-conscious and nervous about their first live TV  appearance -- all except JIM who remains in his signature black leather with the silver navajo belt and shiny spang watching a portable TV... A GIRL leaving his side, crossi Pamela. Eye contact between them speaks of Pamela's jealo
47) 5) dialog: I'd rather stay the same color.
47) 36) dialog: (laughs) It's only a word man. The Stones  changed...
47) 39) text: Ray's seething tension. Younger brother starting to get o of hand.
51) 11) dialog: (cuts in) Jim said to me once, the history of  rock and roll's like Greek drama or  caveman stories. The audience comes  to see ancient rituals in ancient  caves. Their souls in jeopardy.  They're not watching any longer,  they're participating -- and  everything's in play, your life,  your death...
51) 23) dialog: (angry) Have you bothered to read the poetry  ma'm? You keep denying that anything  good can come from L.A., I mean isn't  that kind of a provincial attitude?  That Bob Dylan's the only poet cause  he's from the East Coast, but you  won't even look past Jim's goddamn  looks at the words man!
55) 10) text: Tom is obviously a major druggie. A popper -- joint trade off going off. RAY's face leaning in distorted.
55) 11) dialog: Come on, we're splitting man.  Dorothy's waiting at the door. We'll  get a bite at Max's and...
55) 18) dialog: Yeah can we meet him, he's great...  just like he is. (enamored) You wanna meet him?
55) 20) dialog: Yeah sure, he's cool, come on, he's  your hero!
55) 41) dialog: Come on Jim, let's go.
55) 45) dialog: (laughs) I could never keep up with you Jim.  I couldn't make the music.
55) 48) dialog: Come on Jim, this isn't our scene,  these people are vampires. We gotta  stick together man, the four of us.  Let's make the myths man.
55) 49) text: A moment, strange. Slightly SLOW MOTION. Ray tapping Jim' shoulder goodbye... Robbie and John's faces passing on. A if they're parting -- in a symbolic way. Jim blinking in same SLOW MOTION, looking. Nico is gone -- but Tom is the across the room, waving. The INDIAN SHAMAN looks like he's standing there in a cor Jim, ripped, heads for him, but the PR WOMAN cuts him off Jim forgets he saw the Indian.
62) 42) text: The cop whips out a black can from his belt, sprays Jim.
63) 3) text: SIDDONS and RAY running up with ROADIES and OTHERS.
63) 11) text: JIM guided back into the shower stall by his entourage, e blind as Oedipus, starts to laugh. A black Irish laugh. Ray looking on PATRICIA in the hallway. A beat, senses wh happened.
63) 12) dialog: Why don't you leave him alone lady,  he doesn't need more shit in his  life.
64) 5) text: Danger fills the air, electric. Jim strutting, Indian lik up to one of the Cops, whipping off his hat and flipping to the Crowd, which roars with approval. A couple Cops lo at Jim, sensing they're being challenged but not sure how They shuffle and look offstage for direction. Their appar impotence brings redoubled jeering from the Kids. RAY, next to his stick of incense on the organ, shares a  look with JOHN as they head into the instrumental break i the song. There's something different about Jim -- more  demonic, more driven -- a spirit has taken him over. RAY'S POV -- JIM catching his look, but no recognition in those eyes. They're dark pools, like Warhol's eyes. He tu away, taking the mike and off the cuff rapping  improvisationally with the backbeat, keeping poetic meter
64) 14) text: More COPS turning to face Jim from front stage, getting t point now. RAY sees it coming...
64) 16) text: The AUDIENCE has now grown deadly silent. Nearly every co is facing JIM as he uses his dumb Southerner voice. RAY's eyes warning JIM.
64) 20) text: CROWD roars. A POLICE LIEUTENANT in his 50's, grey hair,  beefy, marches out onto the stage, standing next to Jim,  arms akimbo. A SECOND COP joins him. Ray rolling the music out into a silence as Jim sticks th mike in the officer's face, defiantly.
64) 26) text: RAY moving to intercede with SIDDONS and ROADIES.
64) 28) text: Ray and Siddons are pushed aside by other cops. The crowd going nuts. Chairs are thrown. Kids rushing onto the stag where the Cops beat them back. ANNE is writing it all down on her notepad. A certain  satisfaction and joy at the unfolding of this event.
68) 3) text: COPS chase the KIDS with sticks. But just as it looks lik it's going to get out of hand, JIM appears at the doors o the station, stepping out between RAY and the DOORS and  SIDDONS. He signals his freedom, arms in the air.
68) 7) dialog: (aside to Robbie) He could go all the way man! In five  years he could be in the White House.  Another JFK.
68) 8) text: Robbie's look tells us he thinks Ray is as much caught up his dreams as Jim.
73) 0) text: RAY and DOROTHY take their vows in front of a HIPPIE PRIE ROBBIE and JOHN and their WIVES-TO-BE, and OTHERS from th BAND look on. PAMELA is all decked out in her best, wedding clothes, re satins from Morocco, five-inch clog heels, flowers in her hair. Looking around pissed as:
73) 4) dialog: (aside) Where the fuck you been man?
73) 6) text: He smiles innocently. Ray, a beat, turns away. Pam coming over, squeezes his hand, sweetly, no fights today, she's lady.
75) 4) text: RAY and DOROTHY walking in. ROBBIE and JOHN general commo Dorothy immediately seeing the duck, runs to it...
75) 21) text: Only in life would ANNE O'RIORDAN walk in at this precise moment, a smile on her face. Ray's eyes roll.
75) 24) dialog: Okay Jim let's eat that duck.
75) 52) text: As she throws the sweet potatoes right at him, spraying  everybody. Jim laughing nuttily, the Count wiping the pot off. Pam rushing now for the turkey to throw, Jim chasing her.
75) 64) text: They struggle, she goes for the carving knife, Dorothy an Ray trying to restrain her. OTHER GUESTS keep talking as things are quite normal. Pam breaks through Dorothy -- co after Jim
75) 68) dialog: JIM! COME ON. GET A HOLD OF YOURSELF! TOM, DOG &amp; MIKE (jumping in) MURDER!!! YEAH!... Where's my camera!
75) 75) dialog: JIM!! WILL YOU STOP THIS SHIT WILL  YOU STOP!! WILL YOU GET SANE!!
75) 77) text: A silence. Robbie... John... their women... they start  exiting. TOM &amp; MIKE (to RAY) Yeah FUCK OFF MAN!
75) 78) text: Ray about to lose his temper with Tom, checks it.
84) 1) text: RAY, gone into his own trance, happening to look up from keyboard. His eyes widen. His POV -- an INDIAN SHAMAN hovers over the microphone.  Cloaked in hides, his face obscured by a horned headdress with colored tails and feathers streaming down his should rattles in each fist, the BONFIRE glowing... JIM &amp; DOORS I will GET YOU  Soon -- soooooooon... SOOOOOOONNNN...
88) 4) text: On the floor, the DOORS are depressed. DENSMORE looking a MORRISON, aimlessly, nervously. KRIEGER looking tired and beaten, takes a discreet hit on a joint. Ray scans an art book, patient.
88) 12) dialog: (coming in with JOHN) Alright, let's try something else.
88) 19) text: Ray, Siddons, Robbie, John, shuffling for a moment.
88) 21) dialog: Now, Jim...
88) 25) dialog: It's not like a big deal Jim, the  song's already been commercialized,  the money was great. Robbie wrote  the lyrics and he didn't mind, neither  did I, neither did John... we gotta  get to TV.
88) 34) text: Pause. Turning to Ray.
88) 36) dialog: I don't think so Jim. There's a bigger  picture here.
88) 38) text: A small smile flickers Jim's face as he picks up the smal TV and like a quarterback, hurls it, spinning end over en from his corner of the Control Room towards Ray and Rothc and the Doors. They dive for the floor as it smashes to b into the wall behind the tape machines.
88) 48) text: Rothchild looking to Botnick and to Ray. But the real loo the unforgiving one, is from Jim to Ray who feels it.  Rothchild douses the lights in the studio.
88) 54) text: In the control booth RAY and ROBBIE share a look. The lig have been dimmed in Jim's booth, and he's weaving back an forth a bottle of Ripple in his hand as they kick in with the music. Camera closing now on Jim in the tender sectio on the money. JIM &amp; DOORS Can you give me sanctuary  I must find a place to hide  A place for me to hide...
90) 4) dialog: Bill's with him. They're an hour  away, he'll get him here.
93) 2) dialog: You think it's easy for him. He moves  left he's got vice squad, on the  right narcs -- and the audience just  waiting for him to get busted.
93) 4) dialog: Compassion was never your forte man.
93) 8) dialog: (almost to himself) The wine man, the ancient wine. The  ancient wine.
93) 10) dialog: Something he once told us. About  Dionysos. When the madness took  over...
98) 0) text: Excitement. EVERYBODY moving fast... ...as JIM, dark sunglasses and beard, surrounded by TWO F AGENTS and his BODYGUARDS move toward the stage, two hour late. SIDDONS with him arguing AD LIB with RAY and the  PROMOTER, a southern sleazeball with long muttonchops and velvet shirt and beads. A mess -- the CROWD chanting DOOR
98) 7) text: Meanwhile, JOHN arguing with RAY and JIM who sways, drunk The FBI agents get lost in the background.
98) 9) dialog: JOHN, C'MON!!
98) 13) dialog: JOHN!! STOP IT!! COME ON!!
98) 19) dialog: (taking John aside) Come on man.
98) 21) dialog: We'll talk tomorrow, we'll settle  it. Just do it tonight man and...
99) 8) text: He slobbers, drunk, slouches, stumbles, regains his balan The Crowd loves it, but Ray senses something wrong. Robbi starts to feel the effects of the acid Jim gave him -- hi eyes registering fear. JIM &amp; DOORS The old get old  The young get stronger  May take a week  And it may take longer  They got the guns  But we got the numbers  Gonna win yeah -- WE'RE TAKING OVER!!
99) 49) text: He looks like he's really gonna tear it all off now. A fl of boxer shorts. RAY moving. SIDDONS moving. DOG getting him first, wrapping him in a bearhug from behind, lifting him holding his pants up.
99) 51) dialog: HEY JIM.
99) 55) text: RAY starts playing BREAK ON THROUGH trying to keep things normal. JIM now out there in the arena in a CONGA LINE, doing his rain dance, hands on hips, the TEENAGERS forming a long s behind him. The huge speaker columns teeter and fall. A corner of the STAGE now COLLAPSES from the weight, PEOPLE spilling on t floor, screams. The power console tips over next to DENSM He bails. Manzarek and Krieger follow. The PROMOTER is yelling at SIDDONS about his insurance  contract as the COPS and FBI AGENTS close in, looking for Jim.
99) 58) text: Ray watching from the corner of the stage, littered with  bras, bottles, shirts, shoes, socks, panties, hats, broke equipment, debris -- the end of the dream. The Doors as a live band are dead.
100) 0) text: The "Charges" are being read by the JUDGE, distant, not o this world. The court is lit in southern gothic daylight, ghostly chiaroscuro, all colors bled. Camera moving along the sweaty white faces of the six older JURORS, all of th straight "silent majority"... past the PROSECUTOR, his sh cutting the jury box... onto JIM bearded, smoking 2 packs day, a deep racking cough, sitting with his elder ATTORNE RAY, ROBBIE, JOHN, PAMELA, OTHERS in support are there in background. The trial is going down like a morphine dream Jim featured in diopter close-up.
104) 7) dialog: (with irony, reading  something) "The band you love to hate".
105) 6) text: RAY and SIDDONS arrive, terrified, looking for him.
105) 17) text: LA Woman (X2)  LA Woman Sunday afternoon (X3)  Drive thru your suburbs  Into your blues (X2)  Into your blue-blue  Blues  Into your blues Siddons and Ray terrified. Is this the night it's finally going to end in a suicide plunge? Ray trying to stop Pam, too late.
105) 18) dialog: Pam!! Oh shit... get the ambulances  man...
105) 20) dialog: (yelling down) JIM! HELP HER. She's gonna fall.
105) 24) dialog: (trying another tack) Jim we gotta finish "LA Woman".
105) 27) dialog: (white) They're both gonna die... ARE YOU  HAPPY YOU COCKSUCKERS!!
105) 28) text: Ray goes after Tom Baker and the Film Crew. A scuffle.  Yelling, shouting, but down below in the intimacy of the  ledge, blowing out on the edge, the wind and the world an death. Two crazy children linked on this gothic balcony o the Chateau reach their hands out for each other.
105) 38) text: Ray, Tom, Siddons, Mike, Dog, they all watch in horror,  sensing it will happen. They have even stopped filming.  Inches... inches. He dodges her touch, confused... to the last possible sec Then SHE'S THERE -- in his arms. Her arms latch around hi and she hugs him with all her wiry soul.
108) 0) text: We see RAY, ROBBIE, JOHN, BOTNICK, a BASS and 2nd RHYTHM  GUITARIST, WIVES, GIRLFRIENDS but no Jim. They're really  driving, the music soars. PAMELA'S hair shaking as she sw to the beat. JIM &amp; DOORS With a little girl in a Hollywood  bungalow  Are you a lucky lady in the City of  Light?  Or just another lost angel -- City  of Night?
114) 6) text: As RAY and ROBBIE and JOHN and the others circle him.
114) 9) dialog: You wanna hear the new mixes on "LA  WOMAN?"...
116) 10) dialog: Gotta plane to catch man?
117) 1) dialog: Is Pam really there in Paris waiting?
117) 3) dialog: I never knew what you saw in that  nightmare chick man.
117) 5) dialog: I don't know man, I don't wanna sound  like your old man but you're only  27, you're living like you gotta get  it all in, you gotta slow down man,  you did it, you broke thru to the  other side.
117) 7) dialog: I don't believe that. You were an  American prince, man -- with overbred  genes -- (Jim scoffs, laughs) No! What could've been Jim? You  could've been President. (Jim cracks up) No man! What could've been Jim? We  stood here on this beach on the edge  of the Pacific that crazy summer day  in '65 -- and we knew, you and I, we  knew we were at the edge of the mind.  we were there, man. One planet, one  globe, one mind. Consciousness, we  raised it, we were there.
117) 10) dialog: Now? (smiles, lethally  sweet) You've made me into Ishmael. I am  the last survivor of the Pequod. And  I exist only to tell the story of  Ahab who fought the black whale.
117) 12) text: Ignites engine. Ray leans in, lightening up.
117) 13) dialog: Hey, what was that poem you once  wrote about two chicks on the pier?
117) 15) dialog: Come on. Just once.
117) 18) dialog: (OVER) What was the story?
117) 19) text: His point of view -- Jim receding into the sun in his mus making a shakey, screeching curve at the bend of the beac And he's gone. An ominous ROAR of an AIRPLANE above RAY. flying away.
118) 7) text: He stands, sways, than moves out of view. The empty bottl of whiskey, its sands run out, is left behind. As we FADE OUT, a hardy, mischievous Morrison laugh and a ripple of sensuous MUSIC carry us into the lilting, lamen strains of AN AMERICAN PRAYER -- THE END without lyrics f now as we cut to:
121) 2) text: The MUSIC rolling up on: INT. CORRIDOR &amp; STAGE - LIMBO Smoke. Some lights. The distant cheers of a CROWD. In sli SLOW MOTION, a FIGURE moves down a corridor into a blindi light of stage and smoke. THREE OTHER SHADOWS are there  waiting -- as the GHOST moves to the microphone in altere motion. The AUDIENCE is out there somewhere in the dark -- we sen they too have become ghosts, as all of us will one day. T MUSIC continuing up to roll from AMERICAN PRAYER -- THE E snatches we annotate.