20) 49) text: Jim has crouched, digging his hand in the sand. As the gr spill out of his fist he has his eyes closed. Ray pantomimes chords in the keyboard sand. All of a sudd we're in RAY'S POV -- a mystical moment. Jim singing, no  sound, then pure song, unadulterated by atmosphere.
55) 2) text: PAMELA is suddenly there, laughing, nuttily introducing a handsome strapping TOM BAKER, a charismatic actor, and a  COUNT, suave, urbane, on heroin. Her voice lost in the ja their names sound as if they're in a bottom of a tank. PA seems so impressed with the high life of New York.
55) 8) dialog: (cutting in) Saw your gig at 'The Scene'. Hot...  very hot... You strung out? Here.  Try this. (pill, popper, joint,  a drink, all at once)
55) 10) text: Tom is obviously a major druggie. A popper -- joint trade off going off. RAY's face leaning in distorted.
55) 26) text: Tom Baker brings a tall, incredible looking BLONDE in bla leather towards him.
55) 27) dialog: Hey where's my joint? (a roach goes back) There's this chick sings with the  Velvet Underground, Andy's band. She  says she can drink you under the  table.
55) 31) dialog: (distantly heard) ...elevate your taste in trolls man.
55) 49) text: A moment, strange. Slightly SLOW MOTION. Ray tapping Jim' shoulder goodbye... Robbie and John's faces passing on. A if they're parting -- in a symbolic way. Jim blinking in same SLOW MOTION, looking. Nico is gone -- but Tom is the across the room, waving. The INDIAN SHAMAN looks like he's standing there in a cor Jim, ripped, heads for him, but the PR WOMAN cuts him off Jim forgets he saw the Indian.
56) 3) text: ANDY turning at the interruption. He looks like a chic vo doll. Holding an incongruous gold telephone in his arms l a teddy bear. Slightly SLOW MO as Warhol's black empty eyes confront Ji a pit of nothingness in them, amnesia, death. In Jim's SL MOTION reaction we read what he sees. Andy going on with story, to the group that includes TOM BAKER.
57) 0) text: SNOW on the streets... a group of DRUGGIES staggering in snowbanks, throwing snowballs, stupid giggling, wheezing  puffs of cold air... Jim throws the golden telephone into the trash and pees o it. IRIS SHOTS continue -- PAMELA laughing battily with TOM B who's putting the make on her... The COUNT is on heroin. JIM passing a vodka bottle back and forth with NICO hitti a stash of ups. They fall in the snow, mad Russian winter
71) 8) dialog: Pussy whipped, man...
71) 13) dialog: Fuck man did you fade or what, we  were on a "death run" up to the 9000  building after the gig, you bet me a  grand you'd walk the ledge.
71) 15) dialog: Then mumbling about "gotta go home,  sanctuary," pussy whipped. We were  gonna film it! A thousand bucks! (to Delores) Give him a double.
71) 17) dialog: ...imagine me and Morrison in a fuckin  movie together, can you imagine two  powerful two-fisted Irish fucking  drinking guys in a movie, in a  documentary movie!!
71) 24) dialog: Fuck Ray -- fuckin Pollock all he  cares about's money. Fuckin sell  out. You sold out too man. The last  album's shit, and lemme tell ya  something, people know it.
72) 2) text: TOM catching up to him.
72) 3) dialog: Awright shaddup Morrison, just cause  you don't gotta work. (going into his pocket) Give me some of your money, asshole,  and I'll yell anything you fucking  want.
75) 77) text: A silence. Robbie... John... their women... they start  exiting. TOM &amp; MIKE (to RAY) Yeah FUCK OFF MAN!
75) 78) text: Ray about to lose his temper with Tom, checks it.
76) 0) text: The backbeat of NOT TO TOUCH THE EARTH as a DOCUMENTARY F CREW, moves past us directed by MIKE and DOG and TOM shoo past us, sun guns, nagras ("Rolling! Speed!") then... A mad rush of HANDS and SCREAMS as SHAPES whip by under  swinging light-bulbs -- big BLACK BODYGUARDS, six or seve of them, bulling their way thru the grasping faces, as  MORRISON appears... camera swinging wildly with him to re
88) 17) text: Pause. Jim's face darkening. Something he sees on the  television. He stops, frozen, sickly. Several BIMBETTES a dancing around a shiny new automobile as strains of LIGHT FIRE pop out.
91) 0) text: SIDDONS, the manager tugs on MORRISON who's getting souse with DOG, TOM, MIKE, and ROTHCHILD the producer. The P.A. SYSTEM announcing the departure of the Miami flight!
94) 0) text: The STEWARDESS, uptight, tries a smile at JIM, TOM, MIKE belted in one row.
94) 7) dialog: Ma ol lady had one of those but she  calls it a diaphragm when I'm eating  her out!
94) 21) dialog: With that waistline Jimbo you got no  choice.
94) 24) dialog: You mean "Crawling King Flab"? Rock  is cock babe and your rock is dyin'.
94) 26) dialog: And what are you offering? Sex? You  can't get it up. Salvation? You can't  even save yourself. Come on Jim,  you're not gonna be remembered.
94) 31) dialog: I think you both should take your  heads out of the toilet bowl. After  "Soft Parade" You need an album  sweetheart.
94) 37) dialog: (a cruel sarcasm Jim  seems to enjoy) ...if you live long enough, don't  kid yourself Jimbo -- you're all  alone out there, Jimbo, cept for me,  cause you're too wacked out man,  they're scared, you're too fuckin  crazy.
94) 39) dialog: (the devil) Bullshit! You're bored, you're not  free. You tested all the limits,  fame, fucking, money, -- whatcha  gonna do now Jimbo! When the music's  over, when you're too fat and ugly  to get on a stage, whatcha gonna do  for act three -- puke on Heaven's  door?
94) 41) dialog: Tell me.
94) 43) text: Tom spews the contents of his mouth all over Jim in respo Jim throws his sandwich back at Tom... then another drink goes...
94) 45) dialog: No you. Something sacred. My cock is  sacred. Suck on that!
94) 47) text: A full fledged food fight in progress. Dog, Tom, Jim, Mik pushing and shoving. A drink spills over an innocent  PASSENGER.
94) 52) dialog: (saluting) YESSIR -- you asshole.
96) 3) dialog: Read me my rights, motherfuckers...  motherfuckin bulls!
99) 0) text: The DOORS come out finally. The noise is overwhelming. Ac light, noise. Wagnerian Gods, Hitler... JIM spreading his arms like Icarus set to fly. The ROARS  redouble, their FEET stomping out:
99) 2) text: Joints are thrown by the dozen on the stage at Jim's feet He is a god now as he bends regally, picks one up. COPS everywhere looking as... He lights it. The CROWD going nuts as the DOORS go into t ominous introductory strains of FIVE TO ONE trying to get the onus off Jim and the show on the road. The Audience k the song, go into a primal FOOT STOMP with it. Bras are t on stage. Kids writhe madly in the primal Doors dance. People with SPARKLERS running through the hangar. CAMERA  FLASHBULBS popping throughout the show... get Jim on film while you can. Jim, drunk, high, smoking the jay, won't go into the lyri right off, forcing the Doors to circle the beat again. He jerks his hand back from the mike as if it were a hot wir
105) 0) text: JIM dangles out on the narrow ledge that circumscribes th 20th floor rooftop -- wind blowing thru his wild hair, th card zooming by like racer lights on Sunset below. The so LA WOMAN continues born from this renewed feeling of dang JIM &amp; DOORS  Well I just got into town 'bout an hour ago  Took a look around, see which way the wind blow  Where the little girls in their Hollywood bungalows PAM screaming for him to come back from the edge as TOM B and MIKE and DOG and a CAMERAMAN film in 16mm.
105) 21) dialog: Jump!
105) 28) text: Ray goes after Tom Baker and the Film Crew. A scuffle.  Yelling, shouting, but down below in the intimacy of the  ledge, blowing out on the edge, the wind and the world an death. Two crazy children linked on this gothic balcony o the Chateau reach their hands out for each other.
105) 38) text: Ray, Tom, Siddons, Mike, Dog, they all watch in horror,  sensing it will happen. They have even stopped filming.  Inches... inches. He dodges her touch, confused... to the last possible sec Then SHE'S THERE -- in his arms. Her arms latch around hi and she hugs him with all her wiry soul.
121) 0) text: His face etching into a perfect Alexandrine bust of physi beauty. The camera moving to reveal, a wintry day, leaves blowing, the wild cats everywhere in the empty cemetery, crumbling tombs, the flowers fresh and dead around Jim's  tomb, the graffiti, wine bottles, Wilde, Bizet, Piaf, Cho Morrison...