54) 0) text: Style vampires drink and grope and drug and dance under t staccato blips of strobe lights. Artists and intellectual groupies and debutantes, everyone on display, as contrive and replicated as one of the Warhol prints of Elvis or Ma and Mao on the walls... FISHEYE POVS -- hearkening back to the acid trip -- as JI wanders through the dream, drinking, smoking, swallowing  pills. PEOPLE look at him, talk to him (AD LIBS) but drug distort everything and their voices are foreign, incohere and they disappear. "PEOPLE ARE STRANGE" continuing:
55) 0) text: Jim peering into a room somewhere -- one of Warhol's FILM is playing on a wall -- a man sleeping, eating... A GLIMPSE OF VIETNAM WAR FOOTAGE on a TV monitor -- B-52s dropping bombs. A fat little PR MAN grabbing Jim's arm, leaning in, disto
56) 1) dialog: Well, it was such a big opening, we  just had to go to Philadelphia,  y'know, you were supposed to, mmm...
56) 3) text: ANDY turning at the interruption. He looks like a chic vo doll. Holding an incongruous gold telephone in his arms l a teddy bear. Slightly SLOW MO as Warhol's black empty eyes confront Ji a pit of nothingness in them, amnesia, death. In Jim's SL MOTION reaction we read what he sees. Andy going on with story, to the group that includes TOM BAKER.
64) 5) text: Danger fills the air, electric. Jim strutting, Indian lik up to one of the Cops, whipping off his hat and flipping to the Crowd, which roars with approval. A couple Cops lo at Jim, sensing they're being challenged but not sure how They shuffle and look offstage for direction. Their appar impotence brings redoubled jeering from the Kids. RAY, next to his stick of incense on the organ, shares a  look with JOHN as they head into the instrumental break i the song. There's something different about Jim -- more  demonic, more driven -- a spirit has taken him over. RAY'S POV -- JIM catching his look, but no recognition in those eyes. They're dark pools, like Warhol's eyes. He tu away, taking the mike and off the cuff rapping  improvisationally with the backbeat, keeping poetic meter
75) 17) text: The FRENCH COUNT coming in now, from the Warhol party in York. They're looking at her, embarrassing as everyone  overhears.