3) 0) text: Kristen fearfully enters Freddy's decrepit lair.  Ancient boilers stand cold and silent in the shadows. The SOFT JINGLE of the tricycle draws Kristen's attention
3) 10) dialog: looming from the row of boilers, an indistinct silhouette hellish smoke and flames.  His maniacal LAUGHTER ECHOES t the chamber.
4) 10) dialog: leering from the mirror, laughing.  The claw hand rises u frame, poising to slash Kristen's exposed wrist.
4) 12) dialog: Grinning as a spray of blood hits the mirror.
21) 1) text: The horrid Freddy/snake expands and contracts around Kris slowly wolfing her down, its awful diseased maw inching u her waist.
22) 5) text: Kristen tries to concentrate -- the teeth tear a chunk fr door and the Freddy/beast's drooling snout lunges through Chewing.  Tearing. NOW, KRISTEN!  DO IT NOW!
23) 0) text: nancy thrashes awake in her reading chair, knocking a cup coffee across them room.  She is shaking in the aftermath terror, her fists clenched tight, not knowing if she just it all or not. Suddenly realizing, she unclenches her hand -- the palm i from the shard of broken mirror she plunged into Freddy/s eye.
29) 0) text: Phillip and Kincaid lie sleeping in their beds.  DOLLY SL on Phillip.  He moans softly -- perhaps a troubled dream. BOOM UP TO the marionettes hanging on the wall.  An eerie collection of moonlit figures. DOLLY IN FOR CLOSEUP on the unfinished marionette.  It ra gray, misshapen head. The crude clay features ripple and change into a distinct of Freddy.
29) 5) text: Freddy/marionette rises into view at teh foot of the bed. into the full-sized Freddy.
29) 7) dialog: holds a finger to his lips, signaling for silence.
29) 9) dialog: flicking downward with a single blade, quickly, precisely and again.
36) 1) text: A giant transparent Freddy, seen from the waist up, looms night sky, higher than thebell tower.  he is leaning over building from behind as if it were a marionette stage, la maniacally as he puppets Phillip. Freddy draws back his claw hand -- then slashes out, slic Phillip's strings.
48) 14) text: Marcie's head has been replaced by Freddy's -- his grotes laughing face perched atop her lovely body.
48) 16) dialog: Two more tongues fly from his mouth simultaneously.
81) 40) dialog: framed in the doorway, wearing immaculate formal wear, sc at Elaine (she's off camera).
81) 44) dialog: Grinning insanely, he leans into the room, holding Elaine decapitated head up for Kristen.
81) 49) dialog: drops the head and lunges at her, claws swiping the air.
81) 51) text: Kristen turns and runs, Freddy right on her heels,  his f blades mere inches from her back.
81) 52) text: Kristen's momentum takes her right up the wall -- she pus in an incredible gymnast's flip, hurtling up in an arc ba Freddy's head -- Freddy hits the wall, his finger-razors deep in the plaster.
81) 54) dialog: howls with rags and yanks his razors from the wall in an of plaster.  he whirls and dives at Kristen -- -- as she flings the bedspread over him.  He tangles up, down hard, thrashing to get free.
81) 56) dialog: Ripping and slashing,  he wrestles the bedspread off and away in tatters.  He looks aroudn, howling with rage.
83) 3) text: Freddy leaps from the darkness, blades flashing. Taryn nimbly dodges and whirls, producing two large gravi knives.  She click-clacks them open, twirling them expert
83) 5) text: Freddy gives her an evil smile and squares off against he They circle each otehr slowly...then Freddy lashes out. Taryn ducks and cuts deeply across Freddy's ribs. Freddy SCREAMS with anger and swipes twice more, ripping gouges in Taryn's shoulder. Taryn draws back, keeping her guard up.  She feints, then out, slashing Freddy again. This time Freddy draws back.
83) 8) dialog: 
83) 13) text: The instant her guard is down, Freddy lunges at her and b both sets of hypodermic fingers into her arms, pinning he wall.  Taryn SCREAMS.
83) 16) dialog: 
84) 5) text: Will whirls about to see Freddy leaning nonchalantly agai pillar.
84) 11) dialog: 
84) 19) dialog: reacts in surprise.
84) 22) text: Will rushes at Freddy, shooting wizard's fire.  The crack green energy engulfs Freddy completely -- -- but Freddy grabs Will by the front of his shirt and li off the ground.
84) 23) text: Freddy snarls into Will's face as the living energy twine him.
84) 25) text: Freddy buries his claws in Will's chest -- the blades poi out of Will's back as his death cry ECHOES down teh halls
86) 2) dialog: 
86) 14) dialog: laughs maniacally.
86) 20) dialog: rises from the rubble of his throne and lashes at Kristen flips over his head -- but Freddy backhands her, sending spinning across the room.
86) 23) dialog: looks down at the poker with an exaggerated gasp -- then grin at Nancy.
86) 25) dialog: releases Kincaid's feet and holds him dangling by the thr With his free hand, he pulls the poker slowly from his ch looks at the tip -- it glistens with dark, rancid gore. it like an ice cream cone.
86) 29) dialog: whirls to her, Kincaid still choking in his upraised fist
86) 35) dialog: An insane, gleeful grin -- and a gutteral whisper:
88) 0) text: Freddy flinches in pain -- he looks up in fear, suddenly that somebody's disturved his bones.  His fear is slowly by an evil, cunning grin. He vanishes -- Kincaid finds himself struggling and choki mid-air.  He drops to the ground, gasping for breath.
92) 2) text: Suddenly, there's activity in the mirror.  A wavering lig Freddy materializes.  An infinity of Freddies are reflect three-way mirror behind him.
92) 4) text: Freddy runs into the room, magically followed by rows of mirror reflections.
93) 0) text: TIGHT ON the open grave.  A bloody, dirt-encrusted hand g edge of teh grave.  A second hand follows.  Neil Goldman painfully pulls himself out of the grave. He has an ugly wound on the side of his head and his coll broken -- but he's alive. Gasping with pain, Neil crawls to the pile of Freddy's re With tremendous effort, he pushes hte bones over the edge grave.
94) 17) dialog: As Thompson's face disappears and is replaced by Freddy's
94) 23) text: He looks down at Freddy's remains. Ashes to ashes.
95) 0) text: Freddy, still locked in an embrace with Nancy as she dies as a pattern of holes rip across his body -- bright shaft light burst through.
97) 0) text: Another arc of holes explode across Freddy's body.  He ar back, SHRIEKING -- -- and Nancy slides of his blades.  Kristen runs to her.
98) 0) text: A cross-shaped hole explodes from Freddy's forehead -- br blinding white light pours out.
98) 1) text: As Freddy staggers back, riddled with glowing holes, we s whrilwind of spirit faces pouring from him -- sould of hi soaring out, freed at last.
98) 3) dialog: The holes expand, eating Freddy alive as his SCREAM ECHOE the dreamscape. The shafts of light from his body merge into one white ho then EXPLODES. Freddy is gone.