11) 2) text: They exit frame.  PAN TO JOEY, a wan 16 year old watching from around the corner.  He has a tear drop drawn in ink eye. A SOFT RYTHMIC SQUEAKING draws his attention.
11) 3) text: MARCIE, a cute 19 year old candy-striper, is wheeling a c laundry closet. As she begins to load the cart with clean towels, several the floor.  Joey hurries over.
11) 4) text: Joey picks up the towels and holds them out to Marcie.  S him a bright smile.
11) 6) text: Joey grins mutely, obviously smitten.  LORENZO, a cocky, young orderly appears.
11) 10) text: They start down the hall, the cart still SQUEAKING RYTHMI Marcie turns back, giving Joey a smile and a wave.
11) 12) dialog: smiles weakly as he watches them go.
26) 0) text: All the kids of the Adolescent Care Unit are gathered:  K Phillip, Taryn, Joey, Jennifer, and WILL, a 17 year old c to an electric wheelchair.  Kristen's a bit uncomfortable the new kid.  The general impression is of a blitzed-out just out of heavy combat.  Nancy takes of a blitzed-out s out of heavy combat.  Nancy takes her place next to Eliza Simms as Neil closes the door.
26) 13) text: Joey grins at Nancy shyly, nodding his head in greeting.
27) 0) text: Will sits in his wheelchair with his Dungeons and Dragons spread out on the table before him.  Taryn's not really i but she's playing along.  Joey sits nearby, following the with rapt attention.  Taryn throws the dice. Will refers to his Dungeonmaster's card.
27) 11) text: She exits.  Will turns to Joey.
27) 13) text: Joey makes a throat-cutting motion.  Max enters.
27) 22) text: Joey throws back the covers and sits up.  He shakes his h points, indicating that it's Will's turn. Come on, I had it last night. (Joey shrugs, giving in) Okay, just keep your eyes open.  One  whimper and you wake me up.
27) 23) text: Joey nods.
31) 0) text: Joey is sitting by the windwo in the dark, wide awake.  P time.  A movement catches his eye, he glances out the win
31) 2) dialog: staring in horror, his mouth opening and closing as he tr call for help.
33) 0) text: Frantic, Joey turns from the windwo and drags Will out of Will is groggy, disoriented.
33) 2) text: Joey drags Will across teh floor to the window, pointing.
33) 3) dialog: Will sees Phillip on the bell tower.
33) 5) text: Joey races from the room as Will starts pounding the wind PHILLIP!  PHILLIP!
34) 0) text: Joey runs to the Nurse at her station, gesturing in panic hops around frantically, motioning for her to come.
34) 2) text: He freaks out and grabs a metal tray off the counter.  Th dinner goes flying.  Joey runs down the hall, slamming th against the walls. The kids appear from their rooms in a state of confusion. members come running.
35) 0) text: Will is still pounding the window, hollering.  Joey runs others pour in after him.
37) 18) text: Joey shakes his head, getting agitated.
37) 22) text: Joey is blinking back tears.
46) 0) text: nancy closes the door and faces the remaining kids:  Kris Kincaid, Will, Taryn, and Joey.  Neil sits by with a clip his knee.  Dr. Simms is conspicuously absent.
46) 45) dialog: He is at the water cooler getting a drink.  He pauses, he RYTHMIC SQUEAKING OF A CART.
46) 47) dialog: gives her a goofy grin, totally in love.
46) 49) dialog: He glances around, then slips out the door unnoticed.
47) 0) text: Marcie checks again to make sure nobody is watching, then for Joey to follow her.
47) 1) dialog: hurries after her, his knees going weak.
48) 0) text: It is an unoccupied dorm room.  Marcie leads Joey in.  Sh the door softly, then turns to him.
48) 2) text: She steps closer.  Joey gulps. Do you like me? (Joey nods) This may sound crazy, but...I make up excuses to come into the ward every day just to see you.  you're so cute.
48) 3) text: Joey's eyes widen.  She sits him on the bed and stands in him. I could get into a lot of trouble for this, but I know you won't say anything. Will you?
48) 4) text: Joey shakes his head violently.  She turns her back to hi Unzip me.
48) 5) text: Joey reaches up and unzips her with shaking hands. She turns back and shrugs off ehr uniform.  She is wearin skimpy panties.  She is magnificent.
48) 7) text: Joey is overwhelmed. Marcie pushes Joey gently back on the bed and crawls on t with sinewy grace.  SHe starts unbuttoning his shirt and his chest.
48) 8) text: Marcie kisses his mouth, her tongue probing deeply. Too deeply.  Joey gags and draws back -- but Marcie's ton supernaturally long and burrows deeper into his mouth.
48) 9) dialog: Choking.  he grabs the writhing tongue and tries to pull his mouth.
48) 11) dialog: Both ens of the tongue/creature whip around his wrist and back, twining around the bedpost like a bullwhip.
48) 13) dialog: -- and lashes his other arm to the other bedpost with a T Freddy's maniacal LAUGHTER rings out.  joey looks up.
48) 18) text: Looking directly down on Joey writhing on the bed.  The m drops away beneath him, descending a shaft exactly it's s mattress is engulfed in a fiery inferno below.  CRANE UP is left suspended over a hellish pit of flame, trying des to scream.
49) 6) text: They glance around -- Joey's not with them.
49) 18) text: The Group Therapy Room.  Neil, Nancy, and the others are their chairs, heads coming up as the awaken.  They gaze a still confused. What's wrong with Joey?
49) 19) text: Joey is lying unconscious on the floor near his chair, ar legs spread-eagle (in the same pose as being lashed to th Simms rushes over and checks him. He's not breathing!
49) 20) text: Neil pushes her out of the way and kneels over Joey, desp giving him mouth-to-mouth.
50) 0) text: TIGHT ON JOEY lying in a coma, hooked up to monitoring de a respirator.  ANGLE WIDENS SLOWLY as we DOLLY BACK, reve team of TECHNICIANS and NUEROSURGEONS surrounding the bed CONTINUE DOLLYING BACK until we find ourselves IN THE HAL outside the room.  neil and Nancy hover by the door, sick worry.  DOCTOR CARVER (60's), the supervising physician o Hills, is stewing in controlled anger.  Dr. Simms is self righteous now that her predicted disaster has taken place The nuerosurgeons exit the room.
50) 19) text: He walks away.  She watches his go, then look in Joey.  S desolate.
55) 0) text: Nancy sits at Joey's bedside, gazing at the boy -- so sti frail.  She speaks in a whisper, but her voice is fierce.
55) 2) dialog: Short slashes suddenly begin to criss-cross his smooth ch
55) 6) dialog: The slashes spell out a message in crude, bloody letters:
75) 4) text: She dims the lights and goes to the pendulum device. I was hoping we'd have more time to  learn how to use the dreams... (beat) But Joey's in there.  And Kristen's  going in with or without us.  They need us.
86) 4) dialog: He turns his terrified, pleading eyes toward his friends. skin is hot and blistered.  The tongues that lash his han feet to the four posts are writhing slowly, licking his a wrists.  He opens his mouth in a mute, silent scream.
86) 12) dialog: The tongue/creature securing his left wrist unravels -- h precariously.  The other tongues begin to loosen their ho
91) 0) text: Nancy, Kristen, Kincaid, and Joey exit the boiler room, l battered, and bloody.  They face the weird perspectives o Street halls.
92) 10) dialog: cringes back, cowering behind the mannikins.
92) 15) dialog: steps out from behind teh mannikins, shaking with emotion friends are overwhelmed -- none of them can last more tha seconds longer.  He opens his mouth and -- 
92) 16) dialog: 
92) 18) text: An incridible, deafening, universe-shaking cry.  Joey has his dream power.
92) 21) dialog: finally stops.  Total silence.  He looks just as surprise everyone else at what he's done.
92) 25) text: Kincaid scoops Joey into his arms in a crushing bear hug.
98) 2) dialog: Awestruck as they watch.
99) 1) text: Kristen, Joey, and Kincaid watch tearfully.  Neil, wearin brace, puts his arm around the kids as the caskets are lo