6) 22) text: KINCAID, an enormous and powerful-looking 17 year old wit shaved head is huddled in the corner of the white padded gazing at nothing.
6) 28) text: They exit frome.  CAMERA PUSHES UP to teh mesh-grid windo Quiet Room for a shot of Kincaid.
6) 29) dialog: He stares into space, singing softly under his breath.
10) 9) text: Kincaid is lying on a bed, reading a comic book. Take a close look.  He gets his ass thrown in the Quiet Room so often,  you probably won't see much of him. Right, Cool Breeze?
26) 28) text: Their expressions reflect a quiet mix of hope and fear. impressed -- all except Kincaid.
29) 0) text: Phillip and Kincaid lie sleeping in their beds.  DOLLY SL on Phillip.  He moans softly -- perhaps a troubled dream. BOOM UP TO the marionettes hanging on the wall.  An eerie collection of moonlit figures. DOLLY IN FOR CLOSEUP on the unfinished marionette.  It ra gray, misshapen head. The crude clay features ripple and change into a distinct of Freddy.
29) 14) dialog: Stirs awake and sees:
37) 2) text: The kids hold silent for a long moment, then Kincaid offe grudging appraisal.
37) 35) text: Max and another ORDERLY enter.  Kincaid starts to freak. a chair at them, screaming!
37) 37) text: The orderlies get Kincaid into an armlock and wrestle him fighting and kicking, out the door. Simms follows the struggle out into the hallway.  Neil an join her.
38) 0) text: Simms, flushed and livid, watches Kincaid get dragged awa turns to Neil.
46) 0) text: nancy closes the door and faces the remaining kids:  Kris Kincaid, Will, Taryn, and Joey.  Neil sits by with a clip his knee.  Dr. Simms is conspicuously absent.
47) 20) text: Kincaid picks up a metal chair and twists it open like a with his bare hands.
49) 14) dialog: hunkers down and tries to push through the steel door, bu back as his hands are burned.
60) 0) text: Taryn snatches the payphone off the wall on the first rin and Kincaid are with her.
71) 17) text: She comes around the corner.  Taryn, Will, and Kincaid ha waiting for her, frantic with worry.
81) 3) dialog: Two...
85) 21) dialog: Still finishing his prior statement.
86) 0) text: Nancy, Kristen, and Kincaid cautiously come down the wind stairs and pass under an arch way made of twisted, scorch tricycles and shattered dolls. They exchange worried looks, then step through.
86) 5) dialog: 
86) 18) dialog: strains as he rips a six-foot section of pipe from the wa races toward the throne.
88) 0) text: Freddy flinches in pain -- he looks up in fear, suddenly that somebody's disturved his bones.  His fear is slowly by an evil, cunning grin. He vanishes -- Kincaid finds himself struggling and choki mid-air.  He drops to the ground, gasping for breath.
91) 0) text: Nancy, Kristen, Kincaid, and Joey exit the boiler room, l battered, and bloody.  They face the weird perspectives o Street halls.
92) 9) dialog: With a battle cry, he plows into the charging Freddies, b them over.
92) 14) dialog: goes down under the sheer weight of Freddies crawling all him, slashing.  There are jsut too many.
92) 25) text: Kincaid scoops Joey into his arms in a crushing bear hug.
98) 2) dialog: Awestruck as they watch.
99) 1) text: Kristen, Joey, and Kincaid watch tearfully.  Neil, wearin brace, puts his arm around the kids as the caskets are lo