1) 3) dialog: Kristen (16) is strikingly pretty, despite the dark, tire under her eyes.  She's exhausted, but desperately trying awake.  She wears pajamas and robe. Her head nods, her eyelids close.  She snaps herself awak
1) 7) dialog: She puts the spoonful of coffee crystals in her mouth and it down with a swig of Diet Coke.
1) 9) dialog: Nodding off again.  She rouses herself angrily.
1) 20) text: Kristen does as she's told.  Her mother goes to the door reaches for the light switch.
1) 27) text: The door closes, shutting Kristen into darkness.  She lie blinking back angry tears.  She turns on her side, her ga falling on:
1) 29) dialog: Staring at the tiny house, hearing her mother's FAINT LAU downstairs. Kristen begins to nod off, though she's fighting it. A breeze starts up, rustling her hair.  Leaves fall acros pillow and face.  Her mother's LAUGHTER FADES OUT, replac EERIE GIGGLING of small children.  She awakes with a star
1) 32) dialog: gets out of bed and approaches the children, transfixed. ...except for one eerily pretty LITTLE GIRL sitting on he tricycle near the front door, hair billowing in the breez stares at Kristen.
1) 38) dialog: reacts.
1) 43) text: Too late.  Kristen stands alone.  Fighting her fear, she  approaches the house.
2) 0) text: Kristen enters.  The place is barren, empty.  Broken wind flaking paint, rotted walls.  Leaves skitter across teh f
2) 3) text: Kristen comes around a corner just in time to see:
2) 5) dialog: She keeps following.  Being led.
2) 6) text: Kristen comes around a corner and finds herself facing a steel door that is just closing wiht a SOLID METALLIC CLA riveted metal seems out of place in the rotted wood house Kristen goes to the door and pulls it slowly open.  A sta leading down into darkness.
3) 0) text: Kristen fearfully enters Freddy's decrepit lair.  Ancient boilers stand cold and silent in the shadows. The SOFT JINGLE of the tricycle draws Kristen's attention
3) 1) text: The Little Girl pedals out of the darkness and comes to a before Kristen.
3) 3) text: There is a SCREECH OF METAL.  Kristen whirls and sees:
3) 5) dialog: Horrified.  Suddenly, a METAL DOOR SLAMS LOUDLY in the da THUDDING FOOTSTEPS approach, BOOMING CLOSER.
3) 9) dialog: scoops the Little Girl into her arms and runs in blind te She glances back over her shoulder to see:
3) 11) dialog: ducks through a doorway into another room, still carrying Little Girl.
4) 1) dialog: gazes in horror.  She looks down at the Little Girl cradl arms -- she is now a horribly charred, brittle corpse.  S her tiny mouth bursts open, emitting a ghastly, ear-split
4) 4) dialog: As she sits bolt upright in bed, panting in terror, face sweat.  She looks around, recognizing her own room. She gets out of bed and walks unsteadily to the bathroom.
4) 6) dialog: She fiddles with the handle, confused. As she turns it, the four-pronged handle suddenly springs grasping her hand.
4) 7) dialog: gasps and looks up.  Freddy's face grins out at her from mirror.  She SCREAMS.  Steam billows up.
4) 9) dialog: SCREAMING, struggling to break free.
4) 11) dialog: SCREAMING as the blades slash downward.
7) 0) text: Neil and Simms burst into a chaotic struggle.  Kristen is berserk, fighting the STAFF as they try to restrain her a wrestle her onto a gurney -- the gurney goes crashing int wall.  A frantic NURSE addresses Neil:
7) 4) text: Her face contorted with terror, Kristen kicks and bites a scratches as ORDERLIES try to pin her.
7) 7) text: Max enters and takes immediate control.  he shoves everyb of the way, spins Kristen effortlessly around, and pins h firmly from behind.  She tries to struggle, but he's too She weakens.
7) 9) text: Neil takes a hypo from the nurse and approaches Kristen s
7) 11) text: KRISTEN goes berserk again and kicks Neil in the stomach. thrown off balance and crashes into a rolling cart -- med instruments shower to the floor. Kristen grabs a pair of wicked-looking surgical scissors. slashes at max's hand, drawing blood.
7) 13) text: Kristen huddles into a corner, ready to skewer anybody wh close.  A tense stand-off. Kristen, put the scissors down!  No- body's gonna hurt you!
7) 20) dialog: Her eyes are locked with Nancy's.
12) 0) text: Nancy guides Kristen's mother through signing a sheaf of forms.  Elaine is carefully and expensively dressed in fa tennis clothes.
15) 0) text: Nancy sits in a thin, high-tech reading chair, engrossed Kristen's medical file.  The paper mache Elm Street House a table nearby.
16) 0) text: Kristen lies in bed, sketching on a newsprint pad with ch A rendering of the Elm Street House. She begins to nod out.  her eyes flutter closed.  CAMERA IN TIGHT on her face.  We hear the DISTANT, GHOSTLY JINGL tricycle bell.  Her eyes slowly open.
16) 1) text: Kristen watches, terrified, as a tricycle rolls into the itself, leaving bloody tire tracks.  The same tricycle th belonged to the Little Girl.
16) 3) dialog: gets out of bed, edges past the ghastly melting apparitio backs out of the room.
16) 4) dialog: As she backs out the door, we see it is the red Elm Stree She pauses, realizing something is terribly wrong -- sudd door SLAMS SHUT INTO CAMERA. CAMERA ZOOMS OUT IN A DIZZYING RUSH to reveal the Elm Str House.  Kristen is now trapped inside.
17) 0) text: Kristen tries to get out, but the door is locked.  She tu looking for another means of escape.  We hear a FAINT BUZ
18) 0) text: Kristen enters.  The BUZZING IS LOUDER.
18) 2) dialog: is revolted.
18) 4) text: Kristen is suddenly pulled down, vanishing beneath the su the liquid floor.  The furnishings remain, hanging in the gravity.
18) 5) text: Kristen thrashes wildly in the the pitch-black water.  Sh frantically, lungs bursting for air.  Impossible to tell is up.
18) 7) dialog: swims for it.
19) 0) text: The door swings open.  Kristen emerges from a solid wall and steps into the room.  She is magically dry.
19) 1) text: It is the Elm Street living room, foreboding and nearly b furniture. A large lump forms under the rug at the far end of the ro undulates toward her sinuously.  A long tubular shape. Kristen backs away. The shape circles her aimlessly, then slithers up the wal huge, writhing entity traveling within the wall surface. The shape arcs back down toward the carpet and disappears the floorline. Kristen turns about apprehensively, searching for the mys entity.  Beat. Suddenly, the creatures erupts through the floor directly her in a shower of wood splinters, engulfing her legs as rockets straight up.  It slams back down like a whale sur Kristen locked firmly in its jaws.
20) 0) text: E.C.U. Nancy dozing.  Her eyes flutter open as she hears REVERBERATION of Kristen's call.
22) 5) text: Kristen tries to concentrate -- the teeth tear a chunk fr door and the Freddy/beast's drooling snout lunges through Chewing.  Tearing. NOW, KRISTEN!  DO IT NOW!
24) 5) text: Nancy rushes up to Kristen's room and looks in.  Empty. appears, coming up the hall.
24) 8) text: Nancy rushes around the corner and stops.  Kristen is sit patiently in the hallway outside Nancy's office.  She sta
25) 0) text: Nancy and Kristen speak in low tones with the door closed
26) 0) text: All the kids of the Adolescent Care Unit are gathered:  K Phillip, Taryn, Joey, Jennifer, and WILL, a 17 year old c to an electric wheelchair.  Kristen's a bit uncomfortable the new kid.  The general impression is of a blitzed-out just out of heavy combat.  Nancy takes of a blitzed-out s out of heavy combat.  Nancy takes her place next to Eliza Simms as Neil closes the door.
39) 4) text: Kristen appears at her door, looking sleepy and exhausted
39) 9) text: She goes to join Kristen in her room.
42) 0) text: Kristen lies in bed.  Nancy sits nearby in a chair -- it may keep an all-night vigil. She notices an array of gymnastics posters taped to the w
42) 8) text: Nancy pauses, wrestling with a decision.  She digs into h pulls out her bottle of Hypnocyl, and shakes the contents hand.  Just two pills left.  She gives them to Kristen. What are they?
46) 26) text: Kristen nods. Each one of you has an inner strength -- some special power you've had in your most wonderful dreams.  Together we  can learn to use those powers...if we try.
46) 34) text: ENDFRAME on Kristen.  Eyes fluttering closed. I'm going to count backwards from five, and when I finish, you will all be  asleep.
46) 37) dialog: Her eyes snap open, she looks up.
47) 16) text: Kristen grins sheepishly.
47) 18) text: Kristen take s afew steps back, then launches herself int perfectly executed series of twisting handflips across th
57) 16) text: Kristen is fighting like a wildcat -- momentum carries he orderlies into the nurse's desk and sends them sprawling shower of desktop items. She hurls a heavy stapler in Simms' direction before Max Lorenzo grab her again -- they manage to pin her arms, bu
57) 20) text: Kristen is dragged down the hall, fighting and kicking ev of the way.
66) 0) text: Kristen wanders in aimless circles in the confinement of padded room, weeping with despair as she desperately trie on her feet.
75) 4) text: She dims the lights and goes to the pendulum device. I was hoping we'd have more time to  learn how to use the dreams... (beat) But Joey's in there.  And Kristen's  going in with or without us.  They need us.
80) 0) text: Kristen is slumped in a corner, face against the wall, to incoherent now.  There is no more fight left in her.  She fading...fading...
81) 4) dialog: One.
81) 5) text: Kristen's eyes flutter open.
81) 7) text: Nancy and the others are now in the Wuiet Room with Krist Kristen looks around, crying and happy that her friends a She hugs them in turn -- a sweet, teary reunion. I knew you'd come.
81) 20) dialog: Screaming, panicking, spun around in the blizzard.  Lost.
81) 22) dialog: The blizzard of cotton padding dissipates and slowly vani Kristen looks up a dream. ANGLE WIDENS SLOWLY OUT to reveal Kristen sitting at her table in her bedroom at home.  The crude paper mache Elm House model is in front of her, still under construction. Zevon's "I'll Sleep When I'm Dead" still blares from the Nothing has changed.  She's still home.  Safe.  She wonde of it, everything, has been nothing but a bad dream. Her mother enters, dressed in the same beautiful evening snaps the radio off.
81) 28) text: She turns down teh covers.  Kristen crawls onto the bed a her arms around Elaine's neck in a spontaneous hug. What's that for?
81) 43) dialog: SCREMING in bed.
81) 48) dialog: screaming and screaming.
81) 50) dialog: rolls out of bed as Freddy's claws tear her pillow open i explosion of feathers.
81) 51) text: Kristen turns and runs, Freddy right on her heels,  his f blades mere inches from her back.
81) 52) text: Kristen's momentum takes her right up the wall -- she pus in an incredible gymnast's flip, hurtling up in an arc ba Freddy's head -- Freddy hits the wall, his finger-razors deep in the plaster.
81) 53) dialog: makes a perfect landing near her bed and snatches up her  bedspread.
81) 55) dialog: hurtles herself out the window in an explosion of glass.
82) 0) text: Kristen EXPLODES through a skylight in the living room ce drops to teh floor in a rain of glass.  Bruised and batte rises to her feet and looks around.  Lost.  Alone.
83) 0) text: Whirling cotton fills the screen...dissipating to reveal her full dream warrior splendor, platinum crest of hair  shimmering.  She finds herself in a twisting hallway in t dreamscape -- and hears KRISTEN'S FAINT CALL.
85) 0) text: Kristen wanders through the twisting distorted hallways o dreamscape.  She hears Will's SCREAM echo and fade away.
85) 7) text: The SOUND comes again -- a horrible CRACKING AND SNAPPING wall begins to spiderweb with cracks as it bulges outward Something big seems to be trying to press through to cut from each other.  Nancy and Kristen back away warily. Suddenly, there is an EXPLOSION of wood and plaster -- an steps through.
85) 9) text: Nancy and Kristen yell with delight.  Kristen throws her around him.
85) 12) text: Kristen is taken aback for a moment -- then gives him a c sincere kiss on the mouth.  He grins.
85) 25) text: Kristen nods.
86) 0) text: Nancy, Kristen, and Kincaid cautiously come down the wind stairs and pass under an arch way made of twisted, scorch tricycles and shattered dolls. They exchange worried looks, then step through.
86) 16) dialog: With a cry, she runs and does a double flip over the burn pit -- right at Freddy.
86) 26) dialog: Kristen rises, using Nancy for support.
86) 34) dialog: Total horror and revulsion.
91) 0) text: Nancy, Kristen, Kincaid, and Joey exit the boiler room, l battered, and bloody.  They face the weird perspectives o Street halls.
92) 8) dialog: springs over a group of Freddies, catches a wall fixture, flips across the room.
92) 13) dialog: delivering flying kicks, but slowing down.  A Freddy grab from behind, holding her for the others.
92) 20) text: All the Freddies EXPLODING into shards of hurtling glass Kristen, and Kincaied cover their ears.
94) 0) text: Kristen helps Nancy to her feet as she brushes away the s glass of the Freddies.
97) 0) text: Another arc of holes explode across Freddy's body.  He ar back, SHRIEKING -- -- and Nancy slides of his blades.  Kristen runs to her.
98) 4) dialog: cradles Nancy in her arms.  nancy is drifting toward deat
98) 7) text: She sags against Kristen.  Kristen shakes her head, tears brimming.
99) 1) text: Kristen, Joey, and Kincaid watch tearfully.  Neil, wearin brace, puts his arm around the kids as the caskets are lo
101) 0) text: Kristen and Neil have finished a meal together and are si wine.  Her hair is shorter.  Neil looks thinner, a little
102) 0) text: Neil is at the door, seeing Kristen off.
102) 4) text: Kristen nods.  She knew it.