7) 18) text: Instant silence in the room.  All eyes go to NANCY THOMPS standing in the doorway.  She's a young woman now, posses beauty and great inner strength.  her hair still bears th streak.  She speaks as if coming out of a trance:
7) 21) dialog: The staff members part before her as she walks to Kristen takes the scissors from Kristen's hand.  Kristen falls in Nancy's arms, sobbing.
8) 0) text: Neil and Nancy are finishing a late lunch in teh nearly d cafeteria.
9) 0) text: Max is giving Nancy a tour.
9) 4) text: Nancy pauses at an open door, looking into:
10) 12) text: Max and Nancy move on.
11) 0) text: DOLLYING WITH Max and Nancy.
12) 0) text: Nancy guides Kristen's mother through signing a sheaf of forms.  Elaine is carefully and expensively dressed in fa tennis clothes.
13) 0) text: Nancy enters and finds the suitcase on the bed.  As she t leave, her eye is caught by:
13) 2) dialog: Amazed.  Shaken.  She reaches out slowly, almost afraid t it.  She picks it up.
15) 0) text: Nancy sits in a thin, high-tech reading chair, engrossed Kristen's medical file.  The paper mache Elm Street House a table nearby.
15) 1) dialog: Shee is starting to nod off as she reads.
20) 0) text: E.C.U. Nancy dozing.  Her eyes flutter open as she hears REVERBERATION of Kristen's call.
20) 1) text: Nancy strains to listen -- all is silent now.  uneasy, sh from her chair...but freezes in place as she hears the UN CALL again, brely discernable.  She turns.
20) 3) dialog: DOLLYING IN TIGHT ON HER FACE as she puts a hand to her h feeling of dizziness suddenly washing over her.
21) 0) text: A large ornate oval mirror hangs on the wall.  The glass as Nancy bursts into the room. She rises, staring in horror and disbelief.
21) 3) dialog: snaps into action.  She scoops up a long jagged shard of mirror, cutting her palm in the process. She leaps into the fray, jamming the shard of glass into  Freddy/snake's eye -- the eye bursts, spraying rancid ich
21) 7) dialog: grabs Kristen and barrel-rolls out of the way.  They scra the door.
22) 0) text: Nancy slams the door and fumbles with the lock, snapping place.
23) 0) text: nancy thrashes awake in her reading chair, knocking a cup coffee across them room.  She is shaking in the aftermath terror, her fists clenched tight, not knowing if she just it all or not. Suddenly realizing, she unclenches her hand -- the palm i from the shard of broken mirror she plunged into Freddy/s eye.
24) 0) text: Nancy bursts in with the Elm Street House model under her hurries down the hallway -- right past Neil.
24) 5) text: Nancy rushes up to Kristen's room and looks in.  Empty. appears, coming up the hall.
24) 8) text: Nancy rushes around the corner and stops.  Kristen is sit patiently in the hallway outside Nancy's office.  She sta
25) 0) text: Nancy and Kristen speak in low tones with the door closed
26) 0) text: All the kids of the Adolescent Care Unit are gathered:  K Phillip, Taryn, Joey, Jennifer, and WILL, a 17 year old c to an electric wheelchair.  Kristen's a bit uncomfortable the new kid.  The general impression is of a blitzed-out just out of heavy combat.  Nancy takes of a blitzed-out s out of heavy combat.  Nancy takes her place next to Eliza Simms as Neil closes the door.
26) 13) text: Joey grins at Nancy shyly, nodding his head in greeting.
28) 0) text: Neil and Nancy having a quiet dinner.
37) 14) text: All eyes go to Nancy.  Simms shoots her a dirty look.
37) 29) text: A terrified reaction from the group.  Nancy shoots Neil a look, shaking her head.
38) 5) text: Neil pauses, wavering between nancy and Simms.  He finall to a decision:
39) 0) text: DOLLYING with Max as he works his way down the hall, spot the dorm area.  Nancy appears.
42) 0) text: Kristen lies in bed.  Nancy sits nearby in a chair -- it may keep an all-night vigil. She notices an array of gymnastics posters taped to the w
42) 8) text: Nancy pauses, wrestling with a decision.  She digs into h pulls out her bottle of Hypnocyl, and shakes the contents hand.  Just two pills left.  She gives them to Kristen. What are they?
44) 0) text: A midwestern cemetary on a rolling hillside.  A gentle dr falls on a crowd of mourners clustered at twin gravesites PRIEST intones the eulogy.  Among the mourners are Dr. Si Nancy...but Neil is missing.
44) 17) text: Neil turns and moves to the edge of the rise as Nancy cre hill.  The services have ended, the crowd is dispersing. What are you doing up here?
45) 3) text: The remains of a Chinese takeout dinner is spread on the Nancy is crouched near the fireplace, feeding paper carto flames.
46) 0) text: nancy closes the door and faces the remaining kids:  Kris Kincaid, Will, Taryn, and Joey.  Neil sits by with a clip his knee.  Dr. Simms is conspicuously absent.
46) 35) dialog: watching the pendulum, lulled under its spell. Five...four...three...
47) 4) text: neil raises the end ball and sends it into the others -- of click-clacking, they simply float apart into mid-air. nancy gapes as the metal balls float past her head. All activity comes to a standstill.  Everybody stares.
47) 13) dialog: 
47) 27) dialog: Neil looking around, still trying to grasp it.
47) 30) text: Nancy nods.
47) 32) dialog: Now wearing a frilly negligee.
49) 18) text: The Group Therapy Room.  Neil, Nancy, and the others are their chairs, heads coming up as the awaken.  They gaze a still confused. What's wrong with Joey?
50) 0) text: TIGHT ON JOEY lying in a coma, hooked up to monitoring de a respirator.  ANGLE WIDENS SLOWLY as we DOLLY BACK, reve team of TECHNICIANS and NUEROSURGEONS surrounding the bed CONTINUE DOLLYING BACK until we find ourselves IN THE HAL outside the room.  neil and Nancy hover by the door, sick worry.  DOCTOR CARVER (60's), the supervising physician o Hills, is stewing in controlled anger.  Dr. Simms is self righteous now that her predicted disaster has taken place The nuerosurgeons exit the room.
50) 16) text: She exits.  Only Nancy and Neil remain.
55) 0) text: Nancy sits at Joey's bedside, gazing at the boy -- so sti frail.  She speaks in a whisper, but her voice is fierce.
55) 3) dialog: reacts in horror.  Neil enters B.G.
55) 8) dialog: gazing on in horror.
57) 0) text: Neil driving, Nancy beside him.
59) 3) text: Nancy stands nearby with Neil.  Thompson smiles wanly.
59) 14) text: Neil is taken aback for a moment -- he's about to retort, Nancy silences him with a look.  She leans in to her fath
59) 19) text: Nancy can't handle another moment -- she bolt from the ta tears come.  Neil glares at Thompson and hurries after he
61) 0) text: Neil on the phone, Nancy at his shoulder.
62) 2) text: told us you and Nancy got fired.
65) 9) text: Nancy takes the keys.  Their eyes lock for a long, intens -- then they share a spontaneous, passionate kiss. Nancy turns and leaves without another word.
67) 0) text: nancy at the wheel, steely with determination as she spee to the hospital.
71) 0) text: Nancy enters, hurrying toward the Quiet Room.  Max appear blocking her from the Quiet Room hallway.
71) 8) text: Nancy backs down.  There's no way she'll get past him.
75) 0) text: Nancy closes the door and turns to the kids.  They look t waiting.
79) 0) text: Nancy and the kids are staring at the pendulum, faces sla Nancy's voice is a soft hush.  They are being lulled into dream state.
81) 7) text: Nancy and the others are now in the Wuiet Room with Krist Kristen looks around, crying and happy that her friends a She hugs them in turn -- a sweet, teary reunion. I knew you'd come.
81) 18) dialog: 
85) 3) text: She turns a corner and sees Nancy at the end of a hallway Nancy!
85) 7) text: The SOUND comes again -- a horrible CRACKING AND SNAPPING wall begins to spiderweb with cracks as it bulges outward Something big seems to be trying to press through to cut from each other.  Nancy and Kristen back away warily. Suddenly, there is an EXPLOSION of wood and plaster -- an steps through.
85) 9) text: Nancy and Kristen yell with delight.  Kristen throws her around him.
86) 0) text: Nancy, Kristen, and Kincaid cautiously come down the wind stairs and pass under an arch way made of twisted, scorch tricycles and shattered dolls. They exchange worried looks, then step through.
86) 7) text: Nancy steps forward.
86) 13) dialog: lunges to the edge of the pit, reaching for Joey.
86) 19) dialog: helps Joey to his feet just as a tongue/creature flies ou darkness and whips around her neck, strangling her.
86) 21) dialog: Clutching one end of the writhing tongue, she forces it t ground.  She grabs a furnace poker and skewers the creatu instantly unravels from her neck.
86) 24) dialog: reacts in horror.
86) 26) dialog: Kristen rises, using Nancy for support.
86) 34) dialog: Total horror and revulsion.
91) 0) text: Nancy, Kristen, Kincaid, and Joey exit the boiler room, l battered, and bloody.  They face the weird perspectives o Street halls.
92) 7) dialog: leaps over a wicker basket to escape a Freddy.  As a seco lunges, she jams a knitting needle through its throat.
92) 12) dialog: is backed into a corner, torn with slash marks.
94) 0) text: Kristen helps Nancy to her feet as she brushes away the s glass of the Freddies.
94) 6) text: Nancy turns and sees her father floating toward her, glow golden nimbus of light.
94) 10) text: Nancy gazes at him, slowly comprehending. I love you so much.  I'll always love you.  Goodbye, Princess.
94) 11) text: Nancy goes to embrace ehr father one final time.
94) 15) dialog: Her eyes wide and staring as she realizes.
95) 0) text: Freddy, still locked in an embrace with Nancy as she dies as a pattern of holes rip across his body -- bright shaft light burst through.
97) 0) text: Another arc of holes explode across Freddy's body.  He ar back, SHRIEKING -- -- and Nancy slides of his blades.  Kristen runs to her.
98) 9) text: She closes her eyes and holds Nancy tight.