6) 2) text: Grimacing, Max switches to a music station as DOCTOR NEIL (early 30's), bright and intense, falls in step.
6) 9) text: Max exits frame.  Neil continues on.  JENNIFER,  a girl o approaches.
6) 20) text: She ignores him.  Neil watches her float past, then jots his clipboard. Didn't think so.
6) 21) text: Neil comes to the Quiet Room and peers through the small window.
6) 23) dialog: makes a notation on his clipboard.  DOCTOR ELIZABETH SIMM hospital superior, appears at his elbow.
6) 42) text: Neil and Simms rush past into the examination room.
7) 0) text: Neil and Simms burst into a chaotic struggle.  Kristen is berserk, fighting the STAFF as they try to restrain her a wrestle her onto a gurney -- the gurney goes crashing int wall.  A frantic NURSE addresses Neil:
7) 9) text: Neil takes a hypo from the nurse and approaches Kristen s
7) 11) text: KRISTEN goes berserk again and kicks Neil in the stomach. thrown off balance and crashes into a rolling cart -- med instruments shower to the floor. Kristen grabs a pair of wicked-looking surgical scissors. slashes at max's hand, drawing blood.
7) 22) dialog: stares at Nancy in amazement.
8) 0) text: Neil and Nancy are finishing a late lunch in teh nearly d cafeteria.
8) 11) text: She shrugs, not answering.  Neil lets it pass. (changing the subject) By the way, that was great work with the new patient.  Pretty smooth for an intern.
8) 16) text: She gathers her things.  Her purse falls over, scattering contents.  A bottle of pills rolls out.  Neil helps gathe items -- he picks up the pills.
8) 20) text: She is almost out the door when Neil calls to her.
8) 25) text: She exits.  Neil stares after her thoughtfully.
8) 27) dialog: A bit slf-conscious.  Is the woman really staring at him?
8) 29) dialog: frowns, puzzled.  he dismisses it and downs his last sip coffee.
14) 0) text: Neil sits at a computer terminal in his study.  He hooks to his phone and accesses a mainframe.  The screen comes blinking.  He punches in a command.
14) 2) dialog: Working the keyboard, searching for something.  Finally:
14) 4) dialog: He shuts down the computer and eases back in his chair.
24) 0) text: Nancy bursts in with the Elm Street House model under her hurries down the hallway -- right past Neil.
26) 0) text: All the kids of the Adolescent Care Unit are gathered:  K Phillip, Taryn, Joey, Jennifer, and WILL, a 17 year old c to an electric wheelchair.  Kristen's a bit uncomfortable the new kid.  The general impression is of a blitzed-out just out of heavy combat.  Nancy takes of a blitzed-out s out of heavy combat.  Nancy takes her place next to Eliza Simms as Neil closes the door.
26) 5) text: neil absently toys with the row of hanging metal balls on those click-clack kinetic toys sitting on the table.  No  volunteers. Will?  How about you first?
28) 0) text: Neil and Nancy having a quiet dinner.
37) 0) text: Group is in session.  The kids seem sullen, fragile,  disconnected...without hope.  Neil looks beaten-down, les assured than usual -- Phillip's death has shaken him.
37) 20) text: Neil lets some of his anger and frustration show through:
37) 29) text: A terrified reaction from the group.  Nancy shoots Neil a look, shaking her head.
37) 33) text: Simms presses a button, summoning help.  Neil rises, prep protect Simms if necessary.
37) 37) text: The orderlies get Kincaid into an armlock and wrestle him fighting and kicking, out the door. Simms follows the struggle out into the hallway.  Neil an join her.
38) 0) text: Simms, flushed and livid, watches Kincaid get dragged awa turns to Neil.
38) 5) text: Neil pauses, wavering between nancy and Simms.  He finall to a decision:
38) 13) text: Simms exits.  Neil watches her go.
44) 0) text: A midwestern cemetary on a rolling hillside.  A gentle dr falls on a crowd of mourners clustered at twin gravesites PRIEST intones the eulogy.  Among the mourners are Dr. Si Nancy...but Neil is missing.
44) 4) text: The nun in white stands clsoe by (Neil saw her in the hos hallway).  She appears in her 60's, but carries herself w strength that belies her years.  Neil wipes his eyes. What faith do you follow?
44) 12) text: Neil turns his gaze back toward the funeral, lost in his private grief.
44) 17) text: Neil turns and moves to the edge of the rise as Nancy cre hill.  The services have ended, the crowd is dispersing. What are you doing up here?
45) 0) text: TIGHT ON NEIL at the window, staring out at the rain.  He quietly, almost as if to himself.
46) 0) text: nancy closes the door and faces the remaining kids:  Kris Kincaid, Will, Taryn, and Joey.  Neil sits by with a clip his knee.  Dr. Simms is conspicuously absent.
46) 36) dialog: staring at the device, counting down. ...two...one.
46) 38) text: Everyone looks up.  The room is stil teh same, nothing ha changed.  neil switches the device off.
46) 43) text: Several kids stand up to stretch their legs.  Neil turns drawing her aside.
47) 4) text: neil raises the end ball and sends it into the others -- of click-clacking, they simply float apart into mid-air. nancy gapes as the metal balls float past her head. All activity comes to a standstill.  Everybody stares.
47) 8) dialog: Staring at the balls, rapt and fascinated.
47) 13) dialog: 
47) 27) dialog: Neil looking around, still trying to grasp it.
47) 31) dialog: He closes his eys and concentrates, trying an experiment. opens his eyes and sees:
47) 34) text: The kids laugh and hoot.  neil blushes, very flustered.
49) 8) text: Neil grabs the door to throw it open -- but yanks his han the knob glows red hot.  The door begins to scorch and si the room turns stifling hot.
49) 10) text: The walls begin to close in -- the group is backed into t of the room as it becomes rounded, cylindrical...like the of a furnace.  Rivets appear as the walls become scorched plate.  Neil staggers back.
49) 18) text: The Group Therapy Room.  Neil, Nancy, and the others are their chairs, heads coming up as the awaken.  They gaze a still confused. What's wrong with Joey?
49) 20) text: Neil pushes her out of the way and kneels over Joey, desp giving him mouth-to-mouth.
50) 0) text: TIGHT ON JOEY lying in a coma, hooked up to monitoring de a respirator.  ANGLE WIDENS SLOWLY as we DOLLY BACK, reve team of TECHNICIANS and NUEROSURGEONS surrounding the bed CONTINUE DOLLYING BACK until we find ourselves IN THE HAL outside the room.  neil and Nancy hover by the door, sick worry.  DOCTOR CARVER (60's), the supervising physician o Hills, is stewing in controlled anger.  Dr. Simms is self righteous now that her predicted disaster has taken place The nuerosurgeons exit the room.
50) 2) text: The nurosurgeons walk away.  Carver turn to Neil.
50) 12) text: Neil motions her quiet.  Carver exits.
50) 16) text: She exits.  Only Nancy and Neil remain.
51) 0) text: Neil has packed several boxes of personal files into the his BMW.  He places the final box in -- it's stuffed with from the kids...and some photographs.
51) 2) dialog: stares sadly at the picture for an extended beat.
51) 3) text: As Neil slams the trunk, the unused wing of the hospital revealed in the background.  It is old, untended, crumbli shrouded white figure is standing in one of the upper flo windows.
51) 4) dialog: sees the figure and reacts, startled.
51) 6) dialog: pauses for a moment, then approaches the building.
51) 7) text: Neil comes to a set of double doors and rattles them -- t sealed with a rusty chain and padlock. He moves to a broken window and peers through the boards across it.
51) 9) dialog: 
52) 0) text: A forgotten, dusty corridor with peeled paint like parchm the water-stained walls.  Neil comes down the stairs, pee around in the gloom. The only feature in the dead end hallway is a partially o iron door with a small barred window.  A FAINT BUZZING ri falls from within.
52) 2) text: No answer.  Just another swell of FAINT BUZZING.  Neil ap the door and pushes it open all the way.  It SQUEALS LOUD hinges.
53) 0) text: Neil enters a huge, shadowy, dungeon-like room.  Flaking pillars stand draped with cobwebs.  Rusted remains of bed and scraps of wood litter the floor.  The BUZZING grows l then falls away again. Hello?
53) 1) text: A wooden match ignites near him, going off like a gunshot stillness -- the nun is reavealed.  Neil gasps, startled.
53) 12) text: Neil is momentarily distracted by another swell of BUZZIN brushes past his face in the darkness.
53) 18) text: The grisly carcass of a cat stares up at Neil, hundreds o swarming in its dessicated flesh.
53) 22) dialog: scrambles up the steps and grabs the door just before it shut.
54) 0) text: Neil heaves a sigh of relief as he exits the Pit.  He loo around.  The nun has disappeared.
55) 8) dialog: gazing on in horror.
57) 0) text: Neil driving, Nancy beside him.
59) 3) text: Nancy stands nearby with Neil.  Thompson smiles wanly.
59) 8) text: She sits across from him.  Neil hovers at her side. I need your help.  Krueger's back.
59) 12) text: Thompson's eye flick up at Neil.
59) 14) text: Neil is taken aback for a moment -- he's about to retort, Nancy silences him with a look.  She leans in to her fath
59) 19) text: Nancy can't handle another moment -- she bolt from the ta tears come.  Neil glares at Thompson and hurries after he
59) 20) text: Neil folllows her to the restroom alcove, where she is tr pull herself together.
61) 0) text: Neil on the phone, Nancy at his shoulder.
63) 0) text: Neil listens, his face draining of color.
65) 12) text: Suddenly, unexpectedly, Neil lashes viciously out with hi and kicks the table over -- everything goes flying.  Befo Thompson can so much as blink, neil hauls him out of his slams him violently against the wall.
65) 13) text: Neil and Thompson, nose to nose.  Neil speaks with barely contained rage.
65) 15) text: Thompson stares at Neil, dumbfounded.
69) 2) text: Neil reaches over, shuts off the ignition, and takes the There is a pint bottle of whiskey juting from Thompson's pocket.  Neil snatches the bottle before Thompson can rea Hey!
69) 4) text: Neil gets out of the car.  he empties the contents of the bottle on the pavement as he hurries toward the church.
70) 0) text: Three WORSHIPPERS are seated in the pews, seeking comfort silent prayer.  Neil rushes in at the back of the church.
70) 2) text: Neil comes to a candle shrine.  A foot-high crucifix is a to the wall above it.  He grabs the cross and tries to li its mount -- it comes loose with a loud CLANG, a lift it mount -- it comes loose with a loud CLANG, a jarring soun silent church.  Worshippers turn to look. Feeling comspicuous, Neil turns to find himself facing a
70) 7) text: Neil hurries out, leaving the baffled priest holding his license.
73) 4) text: He turns, motioning to Neil to bring the car through.  Ne to the driver's side.
73) 5) text: Neil pulls the car in and stops at the mouth of the maze. Thompson secures the gate.
74) 0) text: Thompson gets back in on the passenger side.  Neil is sud playing chauffer.
74) 2) text: Neil eases on the gas.
76) 0) text: Thompson's car pulls slowly around a tight corner and sto amounts to a small clearing deep in the labyrinth of stac autos. Thompson and Neil get out, the weak headlights of teh old illminating the towering heaps of rusted metal surroundin Thompson peers around, then points.
76) 2) text: The rear end of a ravaged 59 Cadillac sticks out from ben huge stack of automotive carcasses, its rusted tailfins j like the spines of some prehistoric beast. Neil crosses to the car and runs his hands over the corro surface of the trunk.  He tries to lift it, but it's lock
76) 4) dialog: finds a large four-pronged tire iron -- three ends for lu the other end a sharp wedge.  He jams it under teh trunk applies pressure.
76) 6) dialog: leans his head closer to the trunk as he strains against iron.
76) 8) dialog: Gazing in.  PAN TO an ancient, crusty burlap sack lying i shadows of the trunk.
77) 0) text: Thompson silently eases behind the wheel of his Dodge, ca to draw Neil's attention.  he's going to get the hell out here         -- -- but there are no keys in the ignition.  Thompson looks glaring at Neil through the windshield.
78) 0) text: Neil holds up Thompson's keys.
78) 4) text: Neil tosses Thompson a shovel.
89) 2) text: Ignoring him, Neil picks up the tire iron and holds it up
89) 8) text: Neil now hears the FAINT SOUND OF ROCK MUSIC on the night
90) 0) text: We can see Neil and Thompson through the cracked windshie rusted-out Chevy.  The radio suddenly lights up, blaring rock song.
90) 1) dialog: More MUSIC comes from all around them, blasting from teh long-dead autos, a cacophony of rock songs from the 50's We hear the HOWLING of Wolfman Jack.
90) 3) dialog: 
90) 5) text: Both men turn to look at the burlap sack.  There is a sli stirring from within. Neil hurries over and grabs the sack to throw it into the
90) 8) dialog: falls back, scrambling away as Freddy's blades slash the inches in front of his face.
90) 17) dialog: grabs the shovel and swings it -- the skeleton ducks and Neil's ribs, ripping his shirt wide open. As Neil doubles over, the skeleton rips the shovel from h and smashes it solidly against his head.  Before Neil can the creature straightens him up with a second vicious blo hear BONE CRACK.  Neil falls back into the grave. The skeleton shrieks with unholy laughter and begins to s loose dirt onto Neil. It tosses the shovel aside, raises its arms into the air victorious HOWL -- and collapses into a pile of bones.
93) 0) text: TIGHT ON the open grave.  A bloody, dirt-encrusted hand g edge of teh grave.  A second hand follows.  Neil Goldman painfully pulls himself out of the grave. He has an ugly wound on the side of his head and his coll broken -- but he's alive. Gasping with pain, Neil crawls to the pile of Freddy's re With tremendous effort, he pushes hte bones over the edge grave.
99) 1) text: Kristen, Joey, and Kincaid watch tearfully.  Neil, wearin brace, puts his arm around the kids as the caskets are lo
99) 2) dialog: He notices movement on the hilltop.
99) 4) dialog: leaves the funeral and starts up the hillside after her.
99) 9) dialog: 
101) 0) text: Kristen and Neil have finished a meal together and are si wine.  Her hair is shorter.  Neil looks thinner, a little
102) 0) text: Neil is at the door, seeing Kristen off.
103) 0) text: Neil closes the door.  He's alone in the empty house.  He out the lights and trudges slowly upstairs.
104) 0) text: Neil in bed, drifting off to sleep.  The tight, weary loo from his face -- he looks peaceful, contented. PAN TO the paper mache model of the Elm Street House.  It different now -- clean and pure and inviting.  A lovely l place, in fact.