10) 0) text: PHILLIP, 16, sits at a work table fashioning the face of homemade marionette out of clay.  Other marionettes hang wall. A comical dog, a white knight, a clown, etc.
26) 0) text: All the kids of the Adolescent Care Unit are gathered:  K Phillip, Taryn, Joey, Jennifer, and WILL, a 17 year old c to an electric wheelchair.  Kristen's a bit uncomfortable the new kid.  The general impression is of a blitzed-out just out of heavy combat.  Nancy takes of a blitzed-out s out of heavy combat.  Nancy takes her place next to Eliza Simms as Neil closes the door.
29) 0) text: Phillip and Kincaid lie sleeping in their beds.  DOLLY SL on Phillip.  He moans softly -- perhaps a troubled dream. BOOM UP TO the marionettes hanging on the wall.  An eerie collection of moonlit figures. DOLLY IN FOR CLOSEUP on the unfinished marionette.  It ra gray, misshapen head. The crude clay features ripple and change into a distinct of Freddy.
29) 4) dialog: stirs...his eyes open.
29) 6) dialog: opens his mouth to scream.
29) 8) dialog: gasps for breath, suddenly paralyzed.  His blanket is mag snapped off the bed.
29) 10) dialog: in excruciating pain, unable to move a muscle.
29) 11) text: Looking down at Phillip.  Clean, nearly bloodless incisio been made down the length of each arm and leg.
29) 13) dialog: His muscle/strings go taut -- he's lifted from his bed.
29) 15) text: Phillip is walking out of the room, apparently sleepwalki
30) 0) text: Phillip is "puppeted" slowly down the hallway.  Tears rol his checks as he rolls his eyes wildly, looking for a way this nightmare.  No use.  He has no control over his move
32) 0) text: Weeping with terror, Phillip teeters at teh lip of the le an awesome, dizzying drop -- the courtyard is far below. The strings jerk Phillip forward and back, toying with hi
33) 5) text: Joey races from the room as Will starts pounding the wind PHILLIP!  PHILLIP!
36) 0) text: Phillip teeters on the edge.  He looks up, eyes pleading with tears.
36) 1) text: A giant transparent Freddy, seen from the waist up, looms night sky, higher than thebell tower.  he is leaning over building from behind as if it were a marionette stage, la maniacally as he puppets Phillip. Freddy draws back his claw hand -- then slashes out, slic Phillip's strings.
36) 2) dialog: The puppet spell is broken -- he SCREAMS, arms windmillin frantically as he falls from teh ledge.
36) 3) text: Phillip plummets from the tower.
37) 0) text: Group is in session.  The kids seem sullen, fragile,  disconnected...without hope.  Neil looks beaten-down, les assured than usual -- Phillip's death has shaken him.