6) 18) text: Jennifer shrugs.  It was worth a try.  She moves on. TARYN, a 17 year old blonde, approaches.  She appears exh dark tired circles under her eyes.
26) 0) text: All the kids of the Adolescent Care Unit are gathered:  K Phillip, Taryn, Joey, Jennifer, and WILL, a 17 year old c to an electric wheelchair.  Kristen's a bit uncomfortable the new kid.  The general impression is of a blitzed-out just out of heavy combat.  Nancy takes of a blitzed-out s out of heavy combat.  Nancy takes her place next to Eliza Simms as Neil closes the door.
27) 0) text: Will sits in his wheelchair with his Dungeons and Dragons spread out on the table before him.  Taryn's not really i but she's playing along.  Joey sits nearby, following the with rapt attention.  Taryn throws the dice. Will refers to his Dungeonmaster's card.
40) 0) text: Taryn, wearing robe and slippers, emerges from the women' bathroom and shuffles back toward her room. Lorenzo, the young orderly, appears in her path, twirling keyring.
46) 0) text: nancy closes the door and faces the remaining kids:  Kris Kincaid, Will, Taryn, and Joey.  Neil sits by with a clip his knee.  Dr. Simms is conspicuously absent.
47) 24) dialog: She's become a brethtaking street punk, like something ou rock fantasy:  shimmering platinum hair swept back in a w Mohawk, and sleep black leathers with delicate silver cha
60) 0) text: Taryn snatches the payphone off the wall on the first rin and Kincaid are with her.
71) 17) text: She comes around the corner.  Taryn, Will, and Kincaid ha waiting for her, frantic with worry.
81) 2) dialog: Three...
81) 17) dialog: screams as the blades flash by her.
83) 3) text: Freddy leaps from the darkness, blades flashing. Taryn nimbly dodges and whirls, producing two large gravi knives.  She click-clacks them open, twirling them expert
83) 5) text: Freddy gives her an evil smile and squares off against he They circle each otehr slowly...then Freddy lashes out. Taryn ducks and cuts deeply across Freddy's ribs. Freddy SCREAMS with anger and swipes twice more, ripping gouges in Taryn's shoulder. Taryn draws back, keeping her guard up.  She feints, then out, slashing Freddy again. This time Freddy draws back.
83) 7) text: Taryn stands poised, ready for anything.
83) 11) dialog: Revolted by teh weird display.  She looks down, feeling s strange.
83) 13) text: The instant her guard is down, Freddy lunges at her and b both sets of hypodermic fingers into her arms, pinning he wall.  Taryn SCREAMS.
83) 15) dialog: We can actually see the high-pressure fluid travel upward veins and body balloon, racing from her arms -- her neck temples expand -- eyeballs bulge -- Then the top of her head literally explodes.