64) 5) dialog: A lovely gift, is it not, Leila? LEILA nods a tacit agreement. Al-Afdal steps forward and the ivory and gold covers of a small painting that depict ruler of obese dimensions, seated on a jewel encrusted th
64) 8) dialog: I have seen subtler rejections.
64) 10) dialog: Dugaq rules only Damascus. The pyramids would have to come from the caliph of Cairo.
64) 12) dialog: And whom should I encourage?
64) 18) dialog: I‘m told you were part of the Christian army that now invades our lands.
64) 20) dialog: Let him speak. I would have al- Hagen tell what drives these men. Is it truly a war about shrines?
64) 22) dialog: And for you? Hagen stares at Ibn Khaldun for a beat.
64) 25) dialog: No, Yacub. I prefer a man who states his mind over one who’s been whipped into skillful deceit. (to Ambu) Have his training begin at once. Ambu salaams an Hagen makes a half-hearted effort. They l
64) 27) text: Not yet, but perhaps I will. ae EXT. IBN KHALDUN’S PALACE - A COURTYARD - DAY Hagen stands in a courtyard wearing only a loin cloth, Am hands him a Masai spear and a shield of rhino hide. He fits the shield over Hagen’s arm and gives him the spe Ambu arms himself with the same weapons. Facing Hagen he the spear against the shield, making an alarming noise th with a wild shout. He indicates that Hagen should try the Hagen drums awkwardly on the shield and shouts. Ambu laug Muttering in his own language, he adjusts Hagen’s hold on spear and gestures him to try again. INT. IBN KHALDUN’S PALACE - A CORRIDOR - DAY The tingling of bangles and the whisper of bare feet on m floors announce the appearance of Leila and her slave SHE a lovely Ethiopian. They stop at a cormer and shush each Peering around, Sheba sees a BLACK EUNUCH, dozing against opposite wall.
68) 16) dialog: Our horsemen and archers are superior to theirs. If it is to be a battle we should meet them in the field.
68) 23) dialog: He means my daughter, Leila.
68) 25) dialog: I have promised my daughter that in marriage her will is to be her own.
68) 28) dialog: Christians coming to pray will not desecrate Islam. We should examine the possibility of a truce.
68) 30) dialog: of the wars I've fought none were inevitable, ...All were regrettable. Ibn Khaldun faces the others and continues.
68) 31) dialog: We of this city are wise in the skills of negotiation and compromise. We have played conquerors before, ...as others play chess. (more) 78. IBN KHALDUN (Cont'd) These Christians are exhausted by their long struggies, weakened by their journey, beset with quarrels and intrigues,...I say we meet them and offer peace.
68) 33) dialog: Enter unarmed as pilgrims, to worship. By the Prophet's law, all faiths worship here.
73) 0) text: The courtyard is filled with tumultuous activity. On one Ibn Khaldun’s MILITARY COLOR GUARD has assembled on horse surrounded by silken flags covered with Arabic scripture. On the other side, preparations for a CARAVAN are also un Horses and camels are saddled and loaded with supplies. A Sumptuous litter (howdah) is strapped to the back of a ca Ambu preps ten of Ibn Khaldun‘s guards for the journey.
91) 0) text: Ibn Khaldun sits before Yacub, Ari, and others, holding t scented letter from Djarvat. The Old Man who brought the stands in the background gently stroking the bird. The mo in the tent is very tense. After several seconds Ibn Khal turns to Yacub.
91) 1) dialog: Recall the envoys. There will be no talk of truce... The Emir looks at his counsellors with pain in his eyes.
91) 2) dialog: May Allah forgive me...I have no choice. The men say nothing, sensing the agony of his decision.
101) 3) dialog: gives the signal, and his legions of archers gallop down the hillsides of the valley, encircling the Crusaders. in
102) 7) dialog: signals his infantry, which advances downhill toward the Crusaders. 103. The Emir remains on the hilltop in command of the cavalry Moslem knight is equipped with a long sharp lance and a r shield.
102) 54) dialog: is astounded to see the Crusaders riding toward him. At t threshold of victory, the Moslems hesitate. And in that m the tide of battle shifts. Trumpets blare, rallying the Christians.
102) 57) dialog: slowly retreat before the onslaught, filling the gaps, br fighting but losing ground. be ° .o
102) 59) dialog: watches in disbelief as Djarvat and his men flee the fiel battle. Many of his beleaguered knights, seeing this betrayal, ab their orderly retreat and flee for their lives. A BODY OF CRUSADERS . pursue the routed Moslems, inflicting terrible losses.
102) 60) dialog: abandoned by half his army, fights on with the stalwart r Hagen sees Ibn Khaldun in the middle of the fray and driv horse towards him. Ibn Khaldun sees Hagen. Their eyes meet and Hagen shouts.
102) 62) dialog: No! Djarvat has her still! Hagen is astounded. Ibn Khaldun nods with shared regret. Ibn Khaldun looks around and sees there is no hope. He tu to Hagen, a face he can.trust. He shouts to his color gua
102) 63) dialog: Strike colors! Strike colors! 110. The banners are thrown down. Hagen yells at the Crusaders around him. .
108) 0) text: Citizens under the supervision of the city’s guard pile b of cotton against the gates. Masons are walling across streets to make interior barric A CLATTER OF HOOVES. Djarvat, iftikhar the Governor, and seven horsemen ride a through the streets. They stop at the gates of Ibn Khaldun’s palace and Djarva clearly the leader of Jerusalem, shouts to a guard. The g open and they enter. INT. IBN KHALDUN’S PALACE - A COURTYARD ~ DAY Leila, in a veil of mourning, faces Djarvat in a small courtyard, surrounded by his black-robed minions.
116) 0) text: Hagen and Ari scramble from the cistern into the ruins of Temple inside the walls of Jerusalem. Near the Temple Gat above their heads is a whistling sound and a heavy crash rock slams into the roof of a building. They squeeze agai a wall as brick cascades down in front of them. When the danger has passed they run for Ibn Khaldun’s pal