23) 19) dialog: Here is Jerusalem,...The center of the world. The bleeding heart of our faith. And, surrounding it... The hand sweeps the areas of Moslem conquest.
23) 20) dialog: The Moslem empire, stretching from the. Indian Ocean, to the Atlantic coast of Spain,... 20.
23) 22) dialog: A vast empire of souls lost to Christ. A wealth of lands conquered by virtue of a single strength...
23) 24) dialog: For Moslems, warfare is an act of religious faith. A man who falls in battle achieves paradise.
23) 29) dialog: Exactly. And God will sanction a war for the purpose of delivering those who languish under Moslem rule to the kingdom of Christ.
23) 31) dialog: For that we must pray.
27) 1) dialog: In Jerusalem,...in whose streets walked Christ, the son of God. In Jerusalem, where the altar of the Holy Sepulchre is graced by a fragment of the very wood on which our savior was crucified, »».a Fragment of the True Cross...Moslem hordes now disgrace our shrines. And in doing so disgrace our God! An audible moan goes up from the crowd.
28) 1) dialog: Tragic stories are told...Of Nuns, chaste in their dedication to Christ, set upon in lust. Their clothes torn away by vile heathens. Their precious white bodies fondled and ravaged by blackamoors! Oh, hear their sad lamentations! Ari reacts with a smile, knowing the Pope's words are hyp The Madman suddenly bays like a wolf. The Jailer Monk sma him with a cudgel and he whimpers like a puppy.
29) 0) text: Pope Urban now goes to the heart of his message.
29) 1) dialog: . The martyrs from their graves, the living who are enslaved call for help... Call for you to gird yourselves for war and free them. (more) 23. POPE URBAN (Cont'd) For it is better to die in battle than tolerate the abuse of your race and your holy places. They call you to take up arms as a God- sent army and free Jerusalem.
30) 1) dialog: For those who fall there will be remission from all sin and eternal salvation. But think not of death, for God will reward your valor with victory and dominion over the lands, the wealth, and the kingdoms of the Moslem. God willis this war! Do you hear? God wills it! The crowd responds with a chorus of “God wills it!”
32) 3) dialog: Hear this! God, who speaks through me, will make his will known with holy signs... Miracles. HAGEN LISTENS, SUDDENLY ATTENTIVE.
32) 4) dialog: Yes, miracles will give proof that the conquest of Jerusalem, ... (more)
32) 5) text: POPE URBAN (Cont'd) the recovery of the True Cross, are truly God’s will. (shouts)
34) 1) dialog: Now, God calls you. Come, and take the cross. The Pope is escorted from the dais to his sedan chair. Mo and other churchmen move in to deal with the mob that now forward.
38) 4) dialog: Very well. Then tell us of your dream. Hagen looks at the men.
38) 17) dialog: {with sudden authority) I'll decide what is “holy prophecy.” It is only through me that God speaks. I will pray for God's decision on this man’s fate. Hagen looks at the Pope, mustering an expression of absol sincerity.
38) 35) dialog: Godfrey would gladly take him under his command. But I prefer this “Hagen of the miraculous cross” serve a more secular noble.
38) 37) dialog: Precisely.
39) 3) dialog: I am granting your wish, Hagen. You will serve our holy crusade under the command of Count Emmich of Bascarat. Kneel before me. With a glance at Emmich, Hagen kneels.
39) 4) dialog: I declare you pardoned and I bless you in nomine patri, filio, et spiritu sancti.