0) 1) text: For a few seconds we watch A MAN (20s) and a WOMAN (20s) park bench. Their names are TOM and SUMMER. Neither one s a word.
0) 3) text: CLOSE ON her HAND, covering his. Notice the wedding ring. words are spoken. Tom looks at her the way every woman wa to be looked at.
0) 237) text: Without another word she goes back to her pancakes. Tom watches her eat like this is the worst travesty in the history of mankind.
2) 67) text: "Today You're a Man. Mazel Tov on your Bar Mitzvah."
2) 121) text: They do. Tom enters the living room area and sits down ne to his stepdad MARTIN, 60s, a quiet, professorial Souther gentleman type.
2) 200) text: Younger Tom sits in the passenger seat. Raven-haired AMAN drives.
2) 502) text: AN ANIMATION SEQUENCE, real quick. AN EXPLOSION OF MANY
2) 660) text: Tom walks down the street. Or, more accurately, Tom strut down the street. He's pointing at people as he passes, winking, doing a little shuffle. He is the man. He checks his reflection in a window. A YOUNG PAUL NEWMAN stares ba
2) 661) text: People wave as he passes, they clap, they give him thumbs A parade forms behind him. The POSTMAN, a POLICE OFFICER, HOT DOG VENDOR, RONALD MCDONALD and MAYOR MCCHEESE, every loves Tom today. HALL and OATES themselves walk with Tom singing the song.
2) 662) text: Cars stop at crosswalks to let Tom go by. The DRIVERS als pump their fists in celebration of Tom's achievement last night. He walks on, the man. We notice the sidewalk light every time he touches the pavement like in "Billie Jean".
5) 12) text: Summer and Tom in front of the famed Roman-style structur
8) 169) text: Tom and Summer are in a LARGE CIRCLE OF PEOPLE at a party TIME CUTS reveal that Summer is talking with, laughing wi drinking with, and possibly flirting with many of them. T notices, smiles, pretends it doesn't mean anything, but h clearly jealous, not in a sexual way but of the attention they're getting from her. It's been a while. He misses th attention.
15) 88) text: And that question hangs in the air. Tom, panicked, decide cut the silence. All the pent up uncertainty and confusio coupled with the challenge to his manhood in front of the woman he loves, all manifests in one single, solid, almos automatic RIGHT CROSS TO THE GOOD LOOKING DOUCHEBAG'S FAC
18) 406) text: It's a MAN racing down the street, fleeing from an unseen assassin. When he turns around we see the man is TOM. Bul fly and he's hit repeatedly in the back while running awa like Belmondo in BREATHLESS. He dies an elaborate, violen horrible on-screen death.
18) 451) text: Tom walks down the street. Or, more accurately, Tom sulks down the street. Though it's sunny and warm, Tom is a sad broken man and the world is an awful place. There's still Hall and Oates following Tom, almost trying to cheer him He checks out his reflection in a window. Ron Howard's brother Clint looks back.
18) 455) text: The WORLD'S MOST BEAUTIFUL WOMAN stops to ask him for directions. He doesn't even look up.
18) 460) text: Tom's parade of supporters, The Postman, Mayor McCheese, of them shake their heads and give him disapproving looks The Cartoon Bird takes a cartoon shit on Tom's shoulder. tries to kill the bird. Can't even manage that.
18) 865) text: Was it a man?
19) 138) text: Tom sits with his feet up on a table, headphones on his e reading one of many Taschen books on innovative building design.
20) 225) text: A MAN comes out.
20) 227) dialog: Tom Hansen?
20) 231) dialog: Come on back.