15) 0) text: CAROLINE (the woman who played the church organ) is TYPIN PHOTO of her son Luc, smiling forlornly. As she works, Ca and keeps typing. The Comte emerges from his office, manuscript book in han
15) 2) dialog: Your letter to the editor, Monsieur le Comte. This paragr tradition... (indicates handwritten page from which she's been typing) it's beautiful.
15) 4) dialog: (dabs her tears, smiles) Forgive me. | must be getting old.
15) 6) text: rf (to Caroline) May | ask... if you have had any contact with your mother
15) 7) dialog: (surprised, wary) Why?
15) 9) dialog: Oh. Well, | haven't talked to my mother in quite awhile -
15) 11) dialog: Don't be silly. 1 have no secrets from you. She smiles. He smiles too: nervously, a bit thrown off by Saze for just a split-second too long... CAROLINE (cont'd) {clears her throat) How is the Comtesse enjoying Venice?
15) 13) dialog: Oh that’s a shame -
15) 16) dialog: Certainly. He turns and hurries back into his office. After a moment
24) 0) text: For the first time, VANNE REMOVES THE COVERING from the i YETTE (the robust, buxom woman) is riding by on @ Motor S the DAZZLING DISPLAY OF CHIC CONFECTIONS in the window: p mendiants, candied rose-petals, sugared violets... A SIGN CHOCOLATERIE “MAYA" Now CAROLINE and LUC (Caroline's tense, frail 14-year-old Now the shop door OPENS, revealing VIANNE and ANOUK in br of the townspeople). Some Boys from the Roulette de Vélo the dazzling candy display - causing them to momentarily INTO CAROLINE, knocking her off balance. BOY #1 rushes to retrieve the bicycle wheel.
24) 1) text: {comes outside; to Caroline.) Are you alright?
24) 2) dialog: (to Boy #1) You should be more careful!
24) 5) dialog: (firmly, to Vianne) Please don't trouble yourself -
24) 7) dialog: Caroline Clairmont, The daughter of your landlady. This i Lue shyly shakes Vianne's hand, not looking her in the ey
25) 4) dialog: Who?
25) 6) dialog: | wouldn't know. We never speak.
25) 8) dialog: Only for her.
25) 25) dialog: We must run along. (formally, to Vianne) Nice to have met you. Caroline pauses at the door to wrap Luc's long wool scarf
32) 0) text: The wails display Luc's MORBID DRAWINGS: goat carcasses, LUC is drawing a study based on a magazine photo: a terri soldier. From autside comes the sound of BOYS SHOUTING. Luc peers play. CAROLINE steps into his room, holding a MATH WORKBOOK.
32) 1) dialog: You've got a tiny error in Problem Six - She stops short, seeing him gazing out at the playing boy Avery small amount of BLOOD begins TRICKLING FROM HIS NOS
32) 2) dialog: (anxious) Oh! Caroline rushes to him and compresses a handkerchief agai
32) 5) dialog: | didn't tell you how to correct the mistake, dear. | jus made one. Caroline notices that one of the buttons on Luc’s sweater From outside comes a RAUCOUS CHEER from the boys.
33) 0) text: Across the street from Caroline's house, apart from the ARMANDE, holding herself upright with her cane, her eyes
73) 0) text: The Comte, wearing a gardener's apron, ENTERS holding fre slight BREEZE trom the open door... and a loose cupboard He sees a SMALL JAR OF SUGARED NUTS in the partly-opened Reynaud, pale and hungry as ever, nervously eyes the Suga himself to close the cupboard. But once again the loose cupboard door blows partway-open involuntarily drawn back to the Sugared Nuts, Deeply torn, he slowly reaches out toward the jar with a and he accidentaily drops it, and nuts SPILL on the floor Mortified, he bends down and hurriedly puts the nuts back - and now CAROLINE ENTERS, carrying a sheaf of typed page
73) 1) dialog: Bonjour, Monsieur le Comte. | hope I'm not -
73) 4) dialog: (concerned) Monsieur le Comte?
73) 6) dialog: (re: the typed pages) I'm just dropping off the... {eyes him worriedly) Forgive me, Monsieur le Comte, but... have you been eatin With his foot, Reynaud furtively shoves a few telltale Su
73) 8) dialog: But... if the shepherd is weak from hunger, how can he gu
106) 0) text: FRANCOISE brushes off the swivel seat, preparing for her are playing. CAROLINE ENTERS with a stack of MIMEOGRAPHED FLYERS.
106) 1) dialog: I'm so sorry, Francoise - | have to break the appointment
106) 3) dialog: | volunteered to distribute these. | promised the Comte I the end of the day. Caroline hands her a FLYER, headlined: "BOYCOTT IMMORALIT
106) 5) dialog: It’s not just that. Sometimes they offer to do odd jobs f they just beg. The Comte feels we have to stand firm -
108) 5) dialog: (to Armande) And what about you, mother?! Are you fine?! Atmande says nothing. Vianne looks at her: what's this ab CAROLINE (cont'd) (to Vianne) 1'H bet Mother's conveniently forgotten to teil you.
108) 7) dialog: (a dare) Go ahead, Mother - show her. Unless you're afraid to. Armande shrugs haughtily, as if this were a trivial matte NEEDLEMARKS.
108) 8) dialog: (to Vienne) Insulin shots. Diabetes. it's very advanced - she could b year.
108) 10) dialog: (to Vianne) And you. You sit here feeding her sweets! Vianne looks questioningly at Armande.
108) 12) dialog: oo Why not rat poison, it'd be faster!
108) 15) dialog: (to Vianne, re: Armande) She belongs in a place where she'll be taken care of -
108) 17) dialog: You may get there, mother. (grabs Luc by the hand) Come along, Luc.
108) 20) dialog: | will decide what's good for my son, Madame Muscat. Caroline yanks him off the stool and forcefully leads him At the door, Caroline wraps Luc's scarf securely around h An uncomfortable silence. Then Armande taps her cup:
137) 0) text: Caroline works on the bicycle with grim resolve. Luc emer
137) 1) dialog: (working on bicycle; not looking up) Your papa used to ride it 14 miles to work every single m wanted you to have it. (a BEAT) | want you to have it. Caroline tests the bicycle wheel; now it spins smoothly. CAROLINE (cont'd) Just don't ever run away again. Okay? She looks up at him - and now sees that something is deep
137) 2) dialog: What. He can't bring himself to tell her. His eyes fill with te
137) 3) dialog: Luc, what's wrong. Luc silently embraces his mother...
139) 0) text: A HARSH WIND is blowing. ARMANDE'S FUNERAL is well-attend CAROLINE, and THE COMTE sit together in the front row of
140) 0) text: LUC and CAROLINE sit drinking hot chocolate in sad, peace Sitting apart are Joséphine (who in her depressed state i reading a hand-written LETTER:
144) 0) text: Reynaud sits at his desk. He's ostensibly working late... coiled, anal, geometric designs) in the margins of a docu COMTESSE on his desk. Caroline appears in the doorway, buttoning up her coat:
144) 1) dialog: I'll see you tomorrow. Reynaud stares at the photo for a moment too long before
144) 5) dialog: | suppose... (indicating photo) -uit can't be easy. Having her gone. The Comte's thoughts are far away...
144) 8) dialog: (softly) {don't believe anyone would think less of you... The Comte fooks at her in mild puzzlement...
144) 9) dialog: .». if you were to say she's never coming back. He is caught off-guard. He doesn't know how to respond.
144) 10) dialog: (gent) Goodnight, Paul. She turns and walks out. He's disoriented... he almost ca
145) 0) text: Caroline walks away from Town Hall, folding her arms agai upset, comes running up to her:
148) 0) text: JOSEPHINE busily leading a platoon of kitchen volunteers CAROLINE - all pitching in: mixing hot cream into melted shells; rolling truffies in cocoa powder; sprinkling grat VIANNE stands in the doorway, dumbfounded, staring in dis