45) 2) dialog: Guess so. And he raises a NAIL GUN and buries three bolts into the Agent's chest! The others move fast, professionals. They strip the man o his weapon and hand the gun to Stenz. Syncing their watch
45) 3) dialog: Armory, sixty seconds, go! -- And they spring out of the Theater into
49) 0) text: The Armory Master pulls a SHOTGUN from the wall and racks it, spinning just in time for the door to be kicked open! Stenz comes in low, firing three rounds into the Armory Master's legs! The man crumples. Humphries hefts the ARC- WELDER and goes to work on the cage door. SPARKS FLY.
49) 1) dialog: Thirty seconds!
51) 0) text: The Armory Cage door clanks the ground, and STENZ'S TEAM pours into the armory. 34. Quick cuts of them loading up - M-16's, MP-5's, shotguns, flash grenades...
51) 1) dialog: Positions in two minutes, go!
58) 0) text: Cale pushes out the door when -- MACHINE GUNFIRE nearly t his head off! One of Stenz's men on the far side of the hall! The rest the onlookers scream and scatter as Cale dives back insid
59) 0) text: Cale ducks to the floor as bullets punch through the bath Ripping through the tiles, splintering the porcelain! Wat sprays from busted pipes in the sink. Slowly the ruined door is kicked open and Stenz's man RIT enters, holding an MP-5. Cale cowers on the floor.
61) 2) dialog: One chance. Open the gate.
73) 10) dialog: Shit!
76) 0) text: Bishop and Stenz, booking back to the elevator... 42. Too late. The elevator doors are open, the car empty. Cal and the President are gone. Stenz punches the wall.
76) 1) dialog: Shit!
76) 3) dialog: What's that?
92) 0) text: Emily peeks around a corner to see a GROUP OF HOSTAGES he into the Center Hall. Some weeping and crying. HUMPHRIES and several Mercenaries standing guard. She backs away wh A HAND grabs her by the hair! STENZ. He drags her kicking and screaming out from her hiding place!
92) 9) dialog: Where do you want to set up command?
93) 0) text: Small fires are being extinguished by mercenaries. Bishop and Stenz stride through until they reach
93) 3) dialog: Still getting set up. Bishop grabs a radio. Into it:
98) 0) text: Bishop sits behind the President's desk. Stenz
98) 1) dialog: Hostage count is seventy-one. Humphries has them secure in the SitRoom. Bishop nods as he picks up his radio.
100) 1) dialog: Switchboard says they have an incoming call. One of yours.
102) 0) text: Bishop looks up at Stenz.
120) 0) text: Stenz leads a team of three men towards the elevator bank
120) 1) dialog: (into radio) We're in the central lobby. Bring it down.
122) 0) text: Stenz hears the machinery moving and the elevator car com to a halt on their floor. Weapons up, ready to for a firefight. The doors ding and slide open to reveal... The car is empty. Stenz keys his radio:
122) 1) dialog: It's a decoy! They're still upstairs! He books for the stairwell, his team following. As they bound upstairs...
126) 0) text: Stenz and his team sprint into the Main Room. Nothing. They find Chen dead in the bedroom and Everett down in th kitchen. Stenz looks back to the elevator. Realizing:
126) 1) dialog: Goddammit, they're in the shaft! (MORE )
126) 3) dialog: (runs for the door) Whoever this guy is, he's starting to piss me off...
130) 0) text: Stenz and his team, racing back down the stairs...
135) 3) dialog: Contact in the Main Stairwell, they're on the State Floor headed East!
140) 0) text: Bullets rip through the Motor Pool door - Stenz on the ot side, trying to get through!
162) 0) text: Cale and Sawyer surface sputtering in the shallow end. Dragging each other out of the water as the SUV's pull to halt. Bishop, Stenz, and the others stepping out.
187) 0) text: Stenz emerges onto the roof with the crates of SAMs. Mulc raises a crowbar and cracks the first box open, revealing SHOULDER-MOUNT LAUNCHER...
189) 0) text: The sound of helicopters approaching. As Stenz loads a missile into Mulcahy's launcher...
200) 0) text: The pilots yank hard on the sticks and the Second and Thi Blackhawks split apart, going left and right respectively Stenz slides another missile into Mulachy's launcher, as tracks the Second Blackhawk across the sky...
204) 0) text: Stenz reloads Humphries as the Last Blackhawk breaks hugh and right over the White House... The launcher BEEPS. They have tone. Missile lock. About to pull the trigger. The roof door bangs open. They look. John Cale! He FIRES A BURST through Mulcahy's chest, blow him off his feet! The sniper crumples, dropping the launc Cale pivots and looses a burst at Stenz, who is already running away, SHOOTING BACK at him...
206) 0) text: Cale dives away from the door as it's ripped to swiss-che Trying to take cover as the Gunner VENTILATES THE ROOF! Bullets punching through everything! The Blackhawk swings in high, the remaining Delta members getting ready to fast-rope down. The Gunner pauses for th to get into position, giving Cale time to glance up and s STENZ. Hoisting the fallen launcher, angling it straight at the belly of the chopper and
210) 0) text: Four stories above, Stenz hurls Cale into the side of a chimney! Beating the shit out of him! Cale, gasping, pick up a chunk of brick as Stenz lumbers towards him... Cale turns and swings, connecting with his shoulder! Sten screams and Cale tackles him, catching him off balance, sending both men careening over the side of the roof and
211) 0) text: A GLASSED-IN GREENHOUSE on the Third Floor Promenade, jus to the right of the North Portico. Connected to the Residence, it's where the First Lady grows her herbs. Cale and Stenz tumble down onto the GREENHOUSE ROOF. Squeaking and sliding on the glass, as they struggle -- The glass begins to SPIDER-WEB with cracks. They freeze. Looking at one another. The glass, stretching, groaning.. BOOM. It shatters. Cale and Stenz plummet into the greenhouse proper, smashing down onto herb beds! Cale is first, grabbing a piece of glass and slashing at Stenz! On him, punching him, finally getting the upper hand!
211) 2) dialog: Give it to me! Stenz grabs the rifle and wheels around to finish Cale, w seeing no other option HURLS HIMSELF THROUGH THE GLASS! Cale smashes outwards into space, legs kicking as he leap
236) 0) text: Interrupted as STENZ strides into the Oval, cut and blood
236) 1) dialog: He's still alive.
236) 3) dialog: The tourist. He killed Mulchay and Konner on the roof.
239) 0) text: Bishop and Stenz, scrolling through security footage...
239) 1) dialog: There. Bishop stops it - the IMAGE OF CALE AND EMILY coming in, Emily shrugging off Cale's embrace. Father and daughter.
239) 2) dialog: I know her. We have her in the SitRoom.
240) 0) text: Emily sits with the Tour Guide. A small commotion near th front of the room. Emily looks up to see Stenz standing i the doorway. He points to her.
240) 1) dialog: Come on pretty, we got a date. The others shrink away from him.
241) 0) text: Deserted hallways. Stenz pulls Emily along, on their way the Oval Office.
241) 2) dialog: Yeah? Who's gonna make me? Emily looks at him.
244) 0) text: As Bishop hangs up, Stenz enters with Emily. She looks around. The actual Oval Office. And a man sitting behind the Resolute Desk. Not the President. He smiles at her.
251) 0) text: Motts leads President Sawyer into his own Oval Office. He stops in the door to see Bishop sitting behind his desk. 121. Emily sits in the corner, guarded by Stenz. Motts offers a pistol to Bishop.
251) 28) dialog: What the hell?
253) 3) dialog: We don't have teams anymore, sir!
253) 7) dialog: With pleasure. He turns and bolts for the room. Bishop, into the walkie:
259) 0) text: As people pour out of the SitRoom, Cale runs for the West stairs, bounding up them, to the First Floor. Rounding a corner into WHAM! A bloody fist to the face again! Stenz. Cale's gun goes sprawling. Stenz sends another rib cracking punch to his gut, sending him hurtling back into the Press Room!
259) 1) dialog: I'm gonna enjoy this...
262) 0) text: SMASH! Cale is HURLED through the double glass doors by t Briefing Room out onto the Colonnade! Landing in a bloody heap. Stenz, advancing on him...
262) 1) dialog: Your daughter says you're going to take me to jail. So are you? Stenz KICKS HIM. Cale grunts as the force of it propels h into a column. Stenz pulls a knife.
262) 2) dialog: I'm gonna carve my fucking name into your chest. He leans down as Cale rolls and smashes both feet into St left knee! The knee BUCKLES and Stenz screams, falling! Cale yanks something from his satchel and slams it into Stenz's chest. Stenz looks - it's the BOMB from the tunne His eyes lock with Cale.