42) 5) dialog: As are yours. Most don't notice us until we decide they will.
42) 14) dialog: I must confess... I still don't know exactly what we are to do for you.
42) 18) dialog: (long beat) What kind of strange things?
48) 22) text: CAM FINISHES ON FLOOR - Showing SIX FOOT NINJAS and KARAI squaring off against a LARGE BIGFOOT-LIKE MONSTER! It tos them around like stuffed animals.
48) 30) text: Raph jumps forward! Leo rolls his eyes, as all the Turtle jump into the fray. The Foot are surprised at first, and Bigfoot Monster is confused as well. ON LEO - He stops when he comes face to face with Karai.
48) 32) text: ON KARAI - She pauses a moment. They exchange expert kata attacks. Stalemate. She gestures to the Foot as they use opportunity for their escape. As they leap away, Karai lo back at the Turtles...
50) 2) text: Karai and six Ninja are already there.
50) 3) dialog: The "problem" is that we were hired to merely patrol the city and report anything "strange" to you.
50) 14) text: SHINK! - Karai pulls out her To and slices the brick in m air. Winters STOPS and looks back over his shoulder.
50) 15) dialog: We may be hired help to you, but you should never forget... we are the Foot Clan.
50) 18) text: It sets the Foot off. They all grab their weapons, moving toward Winters. Karai flips forward, sword drawn and at Winters throat! ...as Winters stands still... and begins to LAUGH. Slowly, the thumping of FOUR SETS OF FEET lumber out of t shadows. Reveal themselves to be THE FOUR STONE GENERALS. They flank Winters, who is just loving the theatricality it all. The Foot Ninja leap back. Winters remains confident and unmoving. Generals SMIRK at Karai and the Foot.
50) 20) text: Karai stews... unblinking stare. Of course she does.
50) 26) text: Karai slowly steps back. Winters smiles wide, reaches int the drawer and takes another brick of bills and tosses it
50) 31) text: The Foot don't move. Tense. Karai finally nods. Terse.
50) 40) text: Karai and Aguila stare at each other. Karai obviously not used to being handled like this.
50) 51) dialog: Just what is this all about?
50) 53) dialog: But of course.
50) 61) text: The Generals turn and walk-push the Foot out of the door. They move to fight back, but Karai waves her hand.
50) 62) dialog: Not now. Our business will be handled at a later time...
79) 1) dialog: The Foot report of strange activity five blocks north of your location.
88) 0) text: 91 Karai walks down the center path of the garden, flanked b DOZEN FOOT NINJA. She motions for them to take position.
88) 1) dialog: As ordered - no one gets in. No one interferes. No one bears witness.
88) 2) text: SUDDENLY - the security alarm from the front gate BUZZES. Karai waits a beat. It buzzes again. She walks to the SECURITY PANEL by the front gate. N MONITOR - We see CASEY standing there, obscured by a LA WOODEN CRATE IN FRONT OF HIM. Karai coldly opens the gate
88) 13) dialog: May I help you?
88) 16) dialog: Please come in, then.
88) 18) text: Casey wheels the crate inside. The gate closes only KARAI NOW DISAPPEARED! Casey opens the front hatch, revealing D Raph, Mikey, April and Splinter.
88) 24) text: Everyone looks at sheepish Splinter. A beat. Suddenly- WIDER - The empty garden begins to move. CREEPY, as DOZEN FOOT NINJA begin to rise out of the shadows and slink tow our heroes, surrounding them. KARAI makes a dramatic entrance, landing in front of Apri and Casey. Tense beat.
88) 26) dialog: You suppose correctly.
90) 0) text: We finally get to see how much of an ass-kicker Master Splinter is. Same with April, who squares off against Kar They fight hard. April ends up cornered, about to be skew by her blade when... -CLUNK! She wobbles and then passes out. When Karai falls of frame, she reveals CASEY JONES a hundred yards behind holding his HOCKEY STICK! April frowns.
94) 37) text: ON DOORS - CAM PULLS BACK ALONG DOORS as each one is bare forced open and dozens of Foot Ninjas pile in the lobby! Karai comes to FG of group. Surveys as the scene continue
94) 48) text: Karai sees Winters' condition. Clearly getting screwed by very beings who have been nothing but hostile toward her her Foot Clan. She suddenly GESTURES WITH HER HANDS - military/ninja style.
94) 55) dialog: It means we're going to help you.
94) 56) text: WIDER - 40 Foot Ninja disperse around out of the building leaving Karai and 4 Foot Ninja behind.
94) 57) dialog: My soldiers will find the thirteenth monster. And you will bring it back here. Hurry - we don't have much time.
94) 58) text: Karai runs off. April looks over at Winters. He nods, sti hurting. April takes off after Karai, leaving Casey behin with the Four Foot. They run out into the garden, just in time to see the other Foot disappear into the night.
95) 2) text: - as the Cowabunga Carl van roars around the corner. Tink musical notes chime along with the speed. Appropriately l and embarrassing. INSIDE VAN - Casey drives, as April, Karai and Four Foot crammed in the back. Awkward silence.
95) 28) dialog: My troops have located the final monster. At the harbor docks.
95) 35) dialog: We should tie it to the van and drag it back.
95) 46) text: Casey guns it, the 12-foot creature mere inches away! STARS IN SKY - Karai sees the stars are slowly moving out alignment. Losing time fast. BACK IN LOBBY - CRANE DOWN on Winters and Splinter. On th last full cell. ON PORTAL - A pair of LARGE EYES are threatening to come In the BG, dozens of winged DEMONS fly around inside.
95) 107) text: The brothers high five one another. Splinter smiles proud ON VAN - Dusty and smoking. The door clangs open. Casey p out. Karai comes next and accidentally FALLS on Casey in very compromising position! She slyly smiles. April falls last beside them.
95) 109) text: HUHN! - Casey tosses Karai off of him. April's eye cocks.
95) 113) text: Raph and Leo look at each other. A beat. Then hug. Brothe again. Dialogue would just ruin this moment. Splinter walks over to them. CAM ADJUSTS to show Karai an the Foot Ninja standing there. Silence. Finally, Karai st forward -
95) 114) dialog: You are every bit the warriors I was informed you were. You have passed.
95) 122) dialog: I've known OF you for some time. (beat, to Leo's question) Savor your victory tonight. For soon we will have further business together.
95) 124) dialog: The kind that involves familiar faces from your past...
95) 127) text: They look back - and see Karai and the Foot have DISAPPEA Raph looks over at WINTERS. He's hunched over in the corn Can't tell what's going on. They walk over slowly.