29) 55) dialog: AAAAAAAAAAAAGGGH!!!
30) 0) text: 30 It was all a nightmare. We go WIDER as we take in the ostentatious bedroom of MAXIMILIAN WINTERS, a young mid-4 Famous NYC entrepreneur. inters is large, handsome, built and powerful in every sense. His bedroom reflects it as well - large simple sha decorated with a modern-day tribal/tech appeal. This guy filled with adrenaline, power and machismo.
31) 0) text: 31 Rock/hip-hop music crashes in as we see Winters' morning workout - a combination of weaponry work (martial arts an others), floor routines and bag work. He takes it all ver seriously. Sequence ends with him smashing the top off of a Mook Jun training block with his bare fist. He walks out of the ro grabbing a towel from a blonde assistant.
32) 0) text: 32 Winters walks in his crisp suit. His office is large and austere. Two levels of history in books, artifacts, warri themed curios and power.
32) 19) dialog: Excellent.
33) 1) dialog: Tell them I'm on my way down.
33) 2) text: He slowly LOWERS OUT OF FRAME. CAM PULLS OUT WIDER REVEAL Winters Office is an "elevator" of sorts that can ride up and down the front of the building, allowing him access t any floor of his Tower without leaving his desk. WIDER - see the Tower is a monolith in the middle of Manhattan - complete with it's own front Central Park-ish gated entry. A true work of modern architecture.
34) 0) text: 34 We see the wonder of everything Winters - mixing of old artifacts with modern day aesthetic and implementation. T ceilings are vast and there is no mistaking the worth of man and his company.
35) 0) text: 35 Winters walks in the room. CLOSE ON him as he stops at th head of the boardroom table.
35) 11) text: CAM PULLS BACK along the impossibly long table as DOZENS BOARD MEMBERS stand up. When it reaches the end, it looks though Winters stands at the head of an ARMY AT ATTENTION
38) 0) text: 38 The doors open in Winters Lobby. April struts in, owning place. Casey struggles pulling the pallet holding the LAR CRATE behind them. As she passes reception-
39) 0) text: His darkened office is especially alpha-male - BIG GAME H trophies adorn the walls, as do SUITS OF ARMOR from all t periods and random strange ARTIFACTS spanning history in glass cases. Winters sits at his large desk as the large doors open an April and Casey spill in.
39) 1) dialog: Miss O'Neil. You are a vision. Thirty days in a jungle, and beautiful as ever.
39) 14) dialog: Chris! How's it going?
39) 15) text: Winters nearly crushes Casey's hand in his grip.
39) 17) dialog: (ignoring, back to April) So how was your trip?
39) 19) text: Winters and April chuckle. Cam adjusts to show Casey betw them in the bg, looking uncomfortable and out of place.
39) 21) text: Winters BEAMS, way too excited as well. April holds out h hand to Casey, who doesn't know what she wants. He awkwar HIGH FIVES her.
39) 25) text: He hands it to April as she twirls up a CROW-BAR and crac open the front panel. INSIDE BOX POV - The light gradually breaks in, until - C - the front panel falls to the floor. CLOSE ON - Winters' look. Pure wonder and admiration. He walks up to it slowly. April and Casey cautiously stay ba
39) 26) dialog: (SOFT) ...the gods be praised.
39) 27) text: ON BOX - We finally see the statue - GENERAL AGUILA - a s foot towering wall of granite and obsidian. Eagle warrior armor reflecting a South American design... though not fr specific time period. Winters rubs his hand over the ston
39) 39) dialog: (not looking away) Y es. Of course.
40) 1) dialog: It was a time long before the Mayans, April. Long before the Aztecs and even the Olmecs. It was a time of legends. A time of greatness. The true mother culture of Central America.
40) 5) dialog: And for every culture they destroyed, they drank in all the magic and knowledge known to them.
40) 15) dialog: Then they came across a culture rich with science, magic and their own technology. A South American version of "Atlantis". ( BEAT) It was like blood in the water for a predator like Yaotl.
40) 17) dialog: As the army approached, Yaotl used the knowledge they'd gained in black magic and sorcery. Timing their attack with the alignment of the Stars of Kikin, they opened a portal to another world.
40) 19) dialog: They unleashed an army of monsters.
40) 21) dialog: The monsters knew no side   - they destroyed the enemy... as   well as Yaotl's own army. Men who   swore to spill their blood for his   cause. Yaotl had to do something   to stop more from coming through.
40) 43) dialog: In the end, there were no victors. And they were responsible for the eradication of the greatest culture that will never be known. The knowledge that was lost would never be found again...
40) 48) dialog: Oh no, Miss O'Neil. looks back to statue) Like you said... just a story.
40) 50) dialog: One of the girls will pay your fee on the way out.
40) 52) text: April and Casey leave Winters, consumed with his new treasure. He doesn't reply.
42) 0) text: 42 Winters is still alone in his office. Still studying the statue. A beat. He turns his head to the side.
42) 1) dialog: You can come out now.
42) 4) dialog: Your talents are commendable.
42) 11) dialog: Well, I guess I'm just special that way.
42) 12) text: Winters walks over to his desk. The Statue looms behind t
42) 13) dialog: So down to business - aside from the other reasons for your visit to America, are you interested in my offer we discussed?
42) 15) dialog: I need the finely-tuned eyes and stealth of your Foot Ninja to... monitor the city for me over the next few days.
42) 16) text: Winters walks to his window. It's night. Overlooks the ci
42) 17) dialog: Just keep your eyes peeled for anything... strange.
50) 0) text: 50 A cavernous structure. Dimly lit. High ceiling. A few odd silhouettes here and there. We hear the clicking of Winters' shoes echo as he enters.
50) 1) dialog: What seems to be the problem?
50) 12) text: Winters smirks, looking at the mouse who thinks he can ta the lion. He reaches to a satchel on the floor. The Foot TENSE in anticipation. Instead... Winters comes up with a MONEY BRICK.
50) 14) text: SHINK! - Karai pulls out her To and slices the brick in m air. Winters STOPS and looks back over his shoulder.
50) 16) text: ON WINTERS - Condescendingly finds this particularly `cut
50) 17) dialog: Oooooooh...
50) 18) text: It sets the Foot off. They all grab their weapons, moving toward Winters. Karai flips forward, sword drawn and at Winters throat! ...as Winters stands still... and begins to LAUGH. Slowly, the thumping of FOUR SETS OF FEET lumber out of t shadows. Reveal themselves to be THE FOUR STONE GENERALS. They flank Winters, who is just loving the theatricality it all. The Foot Ninja leap back. Winters remains confident and unmoving. Generals SMIRK at Karai and the Foot.
50) 19) dialog: I believe we made a deal, Karai. I expect you to honor it. (beat, stares her down) You do understand "honor", don't you?
50) 21) dialog: So I don't care what part of "muscle for hire" you don't understand. I hired your muscle. Now exercise the ones attached to your feet and... (closer - terse) ...get back to work.
50) 26) text: Karai slowly steps back. Winters smiles wide, reaches int the drawer and takes another brick of bills and tosses it
50) 29) text: ON FOOT - They just stare back, blank goggles. Probably seething inside. Winters is flanked by Generals.
50) 30) dialog: Are we... cool?
50) 32) dialog: Ninjas. No sense of humor. (to Generals) So how did we fare?
50) 33) text: CORRIDOR ENTRANCE - a hunched SHAPE undulating in chains wheeled into the light. Winters approaches it - chained to a high-tech and uplit pallet on the floor. We can barely make it out as being t HAIRY CREATURE from the I-beam fight.
50) 34) dialog: (close, quiet) So it begins...
50) 35) text: It SCREAMS. Fights it's restraints. Tires. Breathing heav Winters approaches, safely inches away from his fanged ma Creature suddenly lunges forward! Winters doesn't flinch. merely grins at the creature.
50) 36) dialog: (to General Aguila) Were there any problems?
50) 37) text: AGUILA speaks in a gravelly, hardened voice. He towers ov Winters by a foot. Clearly the leader of the four.
50) 39) dialog: (to Karai) You see, now THAT'S a good soldier. You two should compare notes.
50) 52) dialog: Oh, let's call it a scavenger hunt. (re: Generals) I now have the power and know-how, but I need the speed and stealth of an organization such as your own. Not to mention an organization that values discretion.
50) 54) dialog: You see, I have nine more beasts like this that should be coming to town very soon. Thirteen in all, to be exact.
50) 57) dialog: Instinct, mostly. They're animals at their core. (looks off, distant) And they recognize something familiar in the air... in the stars. (BEAT) What can I say? I'm a lover of animals.
50) 82) text: After they leave, we pause for A BEAT on Winters. Quiet. Tired. Contemplative.
54) 2) text: 55 Aggressive and driving music. Various shots of the Stone Generals capturing a laundry list of CREATURES that are coming into the city. See the tech, detail and precision the Winters' operation works. Foot Ninja act as living "tracking devices" around the city. - The Generals capture a Sloth-like creature, jumping in throughout rafters above. The Foot try to help by blockin exits. - The Generals capture a werewolf-like creature in the hi speed subway tunnels. The Foot maneuver the subway car. - General Mono takes on a large scale YETI-like monster. WWE-sized match set in a large abandoned warehouse. - Close calls, as humans come close to seeing the monster but rarely do. We see small house pets swiped away. Fleet glimpses of limbs, claws and teeth in the shadows all ove NYC. Meat trucks torn open and their contents "stolen". - Intermix quick shots of Generals and collars clamping, cells locking, etc.
54) 7) text: - See more cells being filled in Winters Basement. ONLY 3 EMPTY CELLS REMAIN.
65) 44) text: CAM PANS TO THE RIGHT - As it passes a FG element, the sc dips to black. We hear sounds of a violent BATTLE. Monste shrieking. Blades clashing. April's retelling Winters' st
70) 0) text: 71 It's dark. Barely lit in the hallways of the top private floors of Winters Tower. The camera travels the long and ornate hallways. Decorate a different sense than the main building... in a sense of family, tradition and legacy. ictures spanning centuries in age. Some photos. Some portraits. Families. Loved ones.
71) 0) text: Cam continues until we find a high-backed chair parked in front of an oversized blazing FIREPLACE. ON CHAIR - Winters sits. Tired. Sullen. Sipping brandy. L above the fireplace and lifts his snifter in a toast.
71) 7) dialog: What is it?
71) 8) text: Winters doesn't turn around. Stays in E-FG. Cam adjusts t show the shape of GENERAL AGUILA in the doorway.
71) 10) text: A long beat. Winters closes his eyes.
71) 11) dialog: Well, by all means then. Let's finish it.
72) 0) text: 73 Nightwatcher runs along the rooftops. He pauses. He lifts visor to feel the night air on his face. He sees WINTERS TOWER in the distance... practically egging him on.
83) 0) text: DARK STORM CLOUDS gather over Winters Tower. A horrible electrical storm is brewing.
84) 0) text: 7 The lobby has changed. Shots establishing the jury-rigged nature of Winters Tower. - The large Aztec-like calendar on the lobby floor sudden SPLITS and slides open, creating a 100 foot circle in the middle. Underneath is the TOWERS CELL BASEMENT.
86) 22) text: FURTHER DOWN THE STREET - We see Winters Tower and the darkest clouds of all beginning to collect overhead.
87) 0) text: 90 Winters stands with Four Generals in his office, overseei the portal. Ready.
89) 0) text: Winters walks along all the cells - a final check. He examines one of the cells. PUSH IN - it's LEO. He's slowly waking up - groggy. Mutte incoherently. He PASSES OUT AGAIN.
91) 0) text: 94 Winters is happy. He looks up to the heavens. Checks a ti piece. Winters begins chanting ANCIENT MAGICK/SPELLS. Loo up through the opening in the middle of the building.
91) 9) dialog: Finally... finally!
91) 11) dialog: What?
91) 13) dialog: What did you do?!
93) 0) text: Winters' body still lays on the floor. This is bad.
93) 2) text: Mikey takes out a hockey stick from Casey's bag and pokes Winters' limp body. Nothing.
93) 4) text: WINTERS GASPS FOR AIR! Startles everyone in the room. ON EVERYONE - Their faces all drop as Winters stands up i his mini-crater, brushes himself off and is perfectly fin Winters' mind is racing a mile a minute. Doesn't even not those around him.
93) 5) dialog: 
93) 7) dialog: Fascinating...
93) 25) dialog: We were so close... so close.
93) 26) text: Winters collapses on the floor. Head in hands.
93) 27) dialog: This was our chance. We could have changed it all.
93) 29) text: N WINTERS - He looks up. Sees April. Exhausted, as we-
94) 3) text: Camera pushes in on YAOTL and his Four Generals high on a hill, surveying the action. ON YAOTL - He takes off his helmet... IT'S WINTERS HIMSEL
94) 4) dialog: It was I who stood on that battlefield all those years ago.
94) 5) text: Winters/Yaotl looks out at the death and destruction. He looks shocked, surprised. A SHADOW falls over Winters body. He looks up - it's a ceremonial SHAMAN from their enemies' camp.
94) 6) dialog: And we had to pay a price.
94) 7) text: The Shaman makes hand gestures, chanting. Winters is pull up in the air, and in a crackle of red electricity, we se him become... grayer. N GENERALS - Same electricity. Different effect. They scream, slowly turned into STONE. Cracks form on their bodies, light shooting out of it.
94) 8) dialog: We were cursed that day. My four comrades-in-arms were turned into stone.
94) 17) text: ON WINTERS - He stands on the battlefield. Alone. As he walks, the CAM MOVES around him. During this, we X-DISSOL BETWEEN A FEW SELECT TIME PERIODS between then and now.
94) 18) dialog: My curse was to live... forever. To feel the pain of losing love time and time again. Of boredom. The pain... of time.
94) 19) text: ACK IN PRESENT DAY. Winters stops walking...
94) 20) dialog: We were doomed to live this way until, as the Shaman put it, "you corrected the mistakes of your past". (gestures to the lobby) That's what this is about. Penance, Miss O'Neil. Finally getting a chance to right our wrongs.
94) 44) text: ON WINTERS - He waits. A beat.
94) 45) dialog: Never. This was our opportunity! We were wrong! Don't you understand?!
94) 48) text: Karai sees Winters' condition. Clearly getting screwed by very beings who have been nothing but hostile toward her her Foot Clan. She suddenly GESTURES WITH HER HANDS - military/ninja style.
94) 58) text: Karai runs off. April looks over at Winters. He nods, sti hurting. April takes off after Karai, leaving Casey behin with the Four Foot. They run out into the garden, just in time to see the other Foot disappear into the night.
94) 60) text: BACK ON GENERALS - They move toward Winters! The Turtles quickly look at one another. Know what they have to do. They all leap in the way, standing between Winters and hi backstabbing Generals. Aguila moves forward to Leo. Raph steps in beside him, defiant. Then Mikey. Then Don.
94) 64) text: 97   The Portal worsens behind them. Sound and sight. The are ready to fight. ...and the fight BEGINS! The Turtles leap, pounce and str with all the exuberance and intensity they've ever had. Winters moves to help the Turtles. Suddenly a WALKING STICK across his chest stops him!
94) 66) text: Winters debates it in his head for a beat - WHAM! - a tentacle from the portal slams down next to him!
94) 72) dialog: Alright. We have more important things to do!
94) 73) text: ON PORTAL - A small DEMON makes its way out of the portal Winters runs and flips through the air and then CLOBBERS with his bare hands, sending it back down! He lands on the other side.
94) 74) dialog: Help me push the cells into the portal!
95) 25) text: ON SPLINTER AND WINTERS - The portal is pulling the cells About five more to go. Splinter also flips around and tak out another demon trying to escape. Splinter actually see to be having FUN.
95) 46) text: Casey guns it, the 12-foot creature mere inches away! STARS IN SKY - Karai sees the stars are slowly moving out alignment. Losing time fast. BACK IN LOBBY - CRANE DOWN on Winters and Splinter. On th last full cell. ON PORTAL - A pair of LARGE EYES are threatening to come In the BG, dozens of winged DEMONS fly around inside.
95) 72) text: The Generals can't keep up. It's enough to distract them make mistakes the TMNT take advantage of. ON WINTERS - Sees the portal light beginning to SHRINK! Because of the TMNT's moves, the Generals are now on the precipice of the Portal, being pulled back. They struggle stand. The brothers look at each other. The place is violent wit whirlwind and screaming Monsters.
95) 93) dialog: LOOK OUT!
95) 94) text: Winters dives in and pushes the Turtles out of way as the Creature flies in and knocks the Generals back into the Portal! The Cloud Tendrils grab a hold of it and pull it into the Portal! ON STARS - The Stars move out of alignment, ending the cy ON PORTAL - It begins to close. The Generals struggle to out, only now, we see they are HUMAN... their curse broke and an eternity of pain and suffering ahead of them.
95) 127) text: They look back - and see Karai and the Foot have DISAPPEA Raph looks over at WINTERS. He's hunched over in the corn Can't tell what's going on. They walk over slowly.
95) 129) text: ON WINTERS - Looks like he's sobbing. They get concerned. Then the sobs turn to LAUGHING. He stands up. His hand is spotted red with his M own BLOOD from a cut on his cheek.
95) 132) text: Winters looks at all the Turtles.
95) 133) dialog: Thank you. Thank you from the bottom of my heart. You've made a very old man, very very happy.
95) 149) text: ON WINTERS - He just SMILES. Content. Finally at peace. A ages thousands of years in front of us... eventually turn to DUST and blowing away.
97) 0) text: 100 A ROCKIN' NUMBER PLAYS as we cap everyone's adventures. Splinter walks through the lair. It's empty. He walks pas their "trophy room". He places the ornate head of WINTERS CANE on the shelf.
99) 7) text: He drives past WINTERS TOWER - now being converted to a NATURAL SCIENCES AND HISTORY MUSEUM.