2) 0) text: Heimdall is nowhere to be found. Instead, we meet SKURGE. He's bald, strong, mean looking, a little eager to be lik
7) 0) text: Skurge has plunged Heimdall's sword into Bi-Frost. BOOM! Thor EXPLODES out of the portal along with the seve head of the dragon! SPLAT! Blood and guts RAIN DOWN on Skurge and the two women, DRENCHING them with purple gore The dragon's head SLIDES slowly across the floor, coming rest right in front of the women who are frozen in shock. The women SHRIEK and rush out of the Observatory. Thor meanwhile is clean and staggering back to his feet. He lo up to Skurge, who is wiping dragon guts off of himself.
16) 0) text: VOLSTAGG has a grip on Heimdall's sword, manning Bi-Frost controls. Behind him FANDRAL is overseeing Skurge, who is mopping up the dragon guts. BOOM! Hela emerges with thunderous impact. Fandral and Volstagg draw their weapons, preparing to engage.
37) 3) dialog: Excuse me. In one swift motion Heimdall draws the BI-FROST SWORD, st forward and SLASHES through the Butchers, ending them. He then turns to the family, gestures for them to follow
37) 4) dialog: Sorry about that. These bloody things are everywhere. Come on.
38) 0) text: Heimdall approaches the steep face of the mountain. Carve into the rock is YGGDRASIL, the world tree. Heimdall knee whispers a few words under his breath, and... A HUGE SECT
39) 0) text: It's busy with activity - hundreds of Asgardians who fled city after Hela's invasion are living here. Men, women, a children. Strong and weak, young and old. Heimdall turns to the family, even manages a smile.
39) 1) dialog: You'll be safe here. They enter the stronghold.    As the doors SHUT we go to-
40) 50) text: Pause. Then Thor's eyes go golden like Heimdall's! stars in the wormhole begin to WARP OVER THOR AND-
41) 0) text: Thor suddenly finds himself in Asgard. Disoriented at fir Thor turns to see Heimdall hiding in the shadows. Heimdall harshly SHUSHES Thor and gestures for him to get against the wall. Thor complies. Sees the refugees. After a beat a roving patrol of Hela's Butchers creep by through the street. They don't spot our heroes. Pause. Heimdall turns to Thor, speaks only in hushed whispers.
41) 1) dialog: I see you. But you are far away.
41) 3) dialog: Come see for yourself. Without warning, Heimdall leads the family out of the all and DASHES down the street. Thor follows... ...but then stops. Looks around to see THE OCCUPIED CITY ASGARD, emitting a smoky aura of chaos. A chilling sight. Down the street, Heimdall gestures for the family to slow down. He sees something. Ushers them into an alcove. Thor joins them just in time to avoid being seen by anoth roving patrol of Hela's Butchers. Heimdall again motions Thor to "shh" until the threat has passed. Then:
41) 4) dialog: I'm providing refuge in a stronghold build by our ancestors. But if the garrison falls our only escape will is Bi-Frost.
41) 6) dialog: We won't last long if we stay. Thor LOOKS OUT on a ravaged Asgard, heartsick. Hold on the devastated Realm as:
41) 8) text: She draws her power from Asgard and grows stronger everyday. Back to Thor and Heimdall.
41) 9) dialog: Come on. As Heimdall quickly leads refugees down a safe pathway: HEIMDALL (V.O.) (CONT'D)
41) 10) text: Hela is ravenous. If I let her leave, she'll consume the Nine Realms and all the cosmos. Turns back to Thor, approaches him. HEIMDALL (CONT'D)
41) 12) text: I'm working on it, but I don't even really know where the hell I am. Two packs of Butchers arrive simultaneously.        Spot HEIMDALL
41) 15) text: The big one! WHOOSH!   SUDDENLY THOR'S GONE!     BLACK. After slashing through the Butchers, Heimdall moves towar the house where he hid the family... and then abruptly st Heimdall turns slightly.       He sees something. BINOCULARS POV: Heimdall looking right at us, the Bi-Fros sword visible in his hand. Reveal Skurge on a palace tower balcony, surveilling the with Asgardian E-noculars. Skurge lowers the E-noculars. There is conflict on his face. He knows that he should re this to Hela immediately...yet he doesn't spring into act
86) 0) text: Heimdall looks to the Asgardian Citizens.
86) 1) dialog: Asgard. She's here.
89) 0) text: Hela, cowl &amp; headdress on, stands with Skurge outside mountain stronghold where Heimdall is hiding the refugees Hela raises her arms and FIRES LONG THIN BLACK LANCES, wh BURROW into crevices on the mountainside. From here, we T UP, looking straight at the sky. With the lances in place, Hela bears down. Summoning all focus and energy, she begins to VIBRATE this manifestatio her powers, PUNCTURING crevices and splitting rock apart. The whole mountain begins to RUMBLE.
90) 0) text: CRACK!    Hela RIPS OPEN THE SIDE OF THE MOUNTAIN! There is an avalanche of rock and debris.     The mountai around the doors completely destroyed, the    doors fall the ravine, creating a bridge for Hela and    Skurge. Hel waits patiently for the dust to settle and    sees- -an empty stronghold.    No sign of Heimdall or the refug
91) 0) text: Heimdall leads the migration of refugees out the other si of the mountain onto a secluded mountain path.
91) 1) dialog: We must keep moving! Go to the Bifrost!
95) 0) text: Heimdall leads the refugees out onto the bridge. But then he stops.    Sensing something. At the far end of the bridge is FENRIS!      The massive is guarding the observatory!
95) 1) dialog: Go back! The refugees turn to retreat.    Fenris CHARGES!
97) 2) dialog: We must cross now! To Bi-Frost! Heimdall leads the refugees out onto the bridge.
99) 0) text: Asgardians CLASH with Hela's Butchers. Valkyrie keeps raining down fire on Fenris, but it is doi no real damage. Just pissing the wolf off. Fenris shakes off the bullets and resumes CHARGING. Heimdall sees Fenris charging and steps out in front of t refugees with his sword, preparing for the worst.
103) 3) text: We're going to jump on that spaceship and get out of here. Want to come? Heimdall is beyond confused, but then... a LOUD NOISE. He looks down to see- -EMERGING FROM THE THICK LOW-HANGING FOG IS LOKI! Resplen in horns, arms spread wide, seeming to float towards the bridge like a mythical angel of mercy. LOKI
103) 6) text: Did you miss me?    Everybody on that ship, now. The Asgardian refugees begin POURING onto the ark. The on way onto the Ark is a narrow plankway, so there is an immediate bottleneck effect - thousands of frightened peo all pushing for a chance at salvation. It's mayhem. Loki walks through the crowd to Heimdall.
103) 8) dialog: Welcome home. I saw you coming.
109) 0) text: Moving across the entire epic battle. On the city side, Valkyrie CUTS A SWATHE through the relentless onslaught of Butchers. Heavy damage. At the middle of the bridge, Heimdall helps load the flee Asgardians onto the Ark. Within the melee are Loki, Korg and the Sakaarians. Loki SLASHES through Butchers wielding his two long daggers.
115) 0) text: Thor continues FIGHTING Hela while Valkyrie BLOCKS Hela's attempts to spear the Asgardians from afar. Hela isn't landing any fatal blows, but she's carving Tho and making steady progress towards the Ark. However, the Asgardian refugees finally make it aboard. A injured Heimdall, Korg, and Miek are the last to get on. Thor and Heimdall make eye contact.    Thor calls out:
124) 5) dialog: You saved us from extinction. Asgard is not a place, it's a people.
128) 0) text: Thor steps out onto the main deck to see an assembly of b Asgardian and Sakaarian refugees awaiting their King. Thor looks over his people and begins to walk through the crowd. His subjects part, allowing him through. It is the antithesis of the opening coronation from the f THOR movie. The people aren't cheering and lauding him, b rather they are smiling. Humbly bowing. Grateful. And Thor isn't acting arrogant. Not trying to show off an swagger. He is stately. A contemplative and dignified kin At the end of the procession, Hulk, Loki, Valkyrie, and Heimdall stand next to the CAPTAIN'S CHAIR.
128) 2) dialog: So, King of Asgard. Thor turns around to see THOUSANDS OF PEOPLE staring back silently awaiting word from their new King. Now feeling t true weight of the crown, Thor takes a moment... and then
128) 3) dialog: Where to?