14) 15) text: The Goddess of Death.     Hela.   My first born. (faces Thor) Your sister. That hits Thor hard. Loki can't believe what he's hearing THOR
14) 27) text: Thor SLAMS DOWN his umbrella, transforming into his Asgar armor (with Mjolnir). Loki changes into his armor as well A piercing scream cuts the air as a figure is hurtled out the portal, crashing out of this dimensional rift is HELA Hela takes a second to consider her surroundings.   Then: HELA
14) 29) text: You must be Hela.   I'm Thor, son of Odin. HELA
14) 31) text: Perhaps we can reach an arrangement. HELA
14) 32) text: You sound like him. Loki shifts nervously.   Thor's grip tightens on Mjolnir. HELA (CONT'D)
14) 34) text: Beg your pardon? Hela MANIFESTS a pitch black blade. HELA
14) 36) text: I don't think so. Thor winds up and HURLS Mjolnir at Hela... - THUD - the mighty hammer comes to a cold stop, against Hela's hand. Thor is shocked. He stretches out his hands, trying to ca Mjolnir back to him.
14) 39) dialog: Darling, you have no idea what's possible. HELA SHATTERS THOR'S HAMMER. The blast of Mjolnir's destruction sends a wave of energy through Thor and Loki who brace themselves against the impact. Thor is stupefied. In shock. He looks up to see Hela is running her hands back over her head to create the terrif battle headdress. Loki's reaction is more panic.   He stands and calls up:
15) 0) text: Thor and Loki ZOOM UPWARDS, held inside this celestial be warping them towards Asgard. Loki and Thor look down to see... Hela is in the Bi-Frost, behind them and CATCHING Loki turns and throws TWO DAGGERS at her. They find their mark, stalling her for a second. But she PLOWS RIGHT THRO Loki, KNOCKING HIM OUT OF THE BI-FROST. Gone in an instan
16) 0) text: VOLSTAGG has a grip on Heimdall's sword, manning Bi-Frost controls. Behind him FANDRAL is overseeing Skurge, who is mopping up the dragon guts. BOOM! Hela emerges with thunderous impact. Fandral and Volstagg draw their weapons, preparing to engage.
16) 2) dialog: I'm Hela.
16) 5) dialog: You look like a smart boy with good survival instincts. How would you like a job? Hela looks out upon Asgard as Skurge rises behind her.
17) 0) text: A mysterious HOODED FIGURE watches Hela's arrival at the Observatory and begins a steady descent towards the city.
20) 0) text: CLOSE ON: Hela, headdress retracted, hair down, her beaut face fully visible. We do not see who she is talking to.
20) 1) dialog: It's come to my attention that you don't know who I am. REVEAL THE ARMIES OF ASGARD FACING DOWN HELA. Standing in front is HOGUN, sword and shield out.
20) 2) dialog: I am Hela, Odin's first born, Commander of the legions of Asgard, the rightful heir to the throne, and the Goddess of Death. (pause for effect)
20) 5) dialog: My father is dead. As are the princes. You're welcome. (then:)
20) 8) dialog: Whoever I am? Did you listen to a word I said?
20) 10) dialog: I thought you'd be happy to see me. Hela forms her headdress.
20) 11) dialog: Fine. The Asgardian archers LOOSE DOZENS OF ARROWS, but- -Hela advances confidently, DESTROYS the SHIPS and SOARS THE EINHERJAR! In a symphony of spectacular terror, Hela proceeds to DECIMATE the entire regiment. A tornado of carnage, a legendary massacre.
21) 0) text: While Hela slaughters up above, we tilt up from a boat, moored at the base of the Observatory, to see the mysteri figure from earlier is now SCALING the rocks towards the
23) 0) text: It's eerily quiet. CLOSE on Hela scanning the battlefield 100+ slain Einherjar at her feet. ANGLE on Skurge as he steps forward - awe, admiration, fe
23) 1) dialog: Oh, I've missed this. Still, it's a shame. Good soldiers dying for nothing...all because they couldn't see the future. Sad. (then she sees:)
23) 3) dialog: Change of heart? Hogun draws a dagger as a last ditch attack.
23) 5) dialog: Let's go see my palace. Skurge stares at Hogun before following Hela towards the palace.
28) 0) text: Moving down the throne room corridor we see- -SEVERAL DEAD EINHERJAR GUARDS. One guy is still alive, desperately trying to crawl away. SHLNK!    A black blade finishes him off. Reveal HELA and SKURGE looking down at the carnage. Hela directs her attention to FRESCOS ON THE CEILING. Lik the Sistine Chapel, except these depict Asgard's shining influence on the Nine Realms. Bountiful harvests, shepher with full flocks, common folk throwing parades for Asgard army, etc.
28) 1) dialog: Does no one remember me? (awaiting an answer) Has no one been taught our history? Look at these lies. Goblets and garden parties? Peace treaties?
28) 2) text: Hela leads them towards the throne.
28) 3) dialog: Odin... proud to have it... ashamed of how he got it.
28) 4) text: Hela FIRES SPIKES into the ceiling, RIPPING DOWN plaster. Beneath the surface are older Frescos.      These ones ar more dark and sinister.
28) 6) dialog: We were unstoppable. I was his weapon in the conquest that built Asgard's empire. One by one, the realms became ours. Hela turns from the murals to address Skurge.
28) 7) dialog: But then, simply because my ambition outgrew his...he banished me, caged me, locked me away like an animal. Before that, Asgard's warriors were honored, their bodies buried as heroes beneath this very place. Hela beckons Skurge to follow her.
29) 0) text: Hela enters the vault and descends the stairs towards the magical items.
29) 2) dialog: Fake. Hela KNOCKS the gauntlet off its pedestal.
29) 3) dialog: Most of the stuff in here is fake. Next: The Casket of Ancient Winter.
29) 4) dialog: Or weak. Next: Surtur's skull.
29) 5) dialog: Smaller than I thought it would be. Next: The Tesseract.    She hesitates:
29) 7) dialog: That's not bad? (notices:)
29) 8) text: But this... The Eternal Flame. THE ETERNAL FLAME flickers in its chalice. Hela DIGS HER HAND INTO THE ETERNAL FLAME. She pulls her hand out now cupping GREEN FIRE, like a torch. Hela approaches a large circular RUNE ETCHING on the floo Hela manifests a huge CLAW HAMMER. She SMASHES THROUGH TH RUNES ON THE FLOOR, creating a gaping chasm. She looks at Skurge.
29) 9) dialog: Want to see what true power looks like? Hela looks down into the darkness below. With her hand aflame, Hela JUMPS down into the chasm!
30) 0) text: Hela LANDS like a bad ass. Dust settles. The light of Hela's hand torch reveals a st crypt. An ornate burial place for the heroes of Old Asgar We can see countless rotted skeletons in badass ancient Asgardian armor. Hela's regiment. Among them, A MASSIVE WOLF'S SKELETON. TERRIFYING AND MONSTROUS, COLOSSAL CHAINS AROUND THE BONES OF ITS PAWS. FENRIS. Hela approaches Fenris' skeleton.
30) 1) dialog: Fenris. My darling, what have they done to you? She lifts her flaming hand above her head. She slams her into the ground.
30) 2) dialog: With the Eternal Flame, you are reborn! The fire spreads out, covering Fenris and Hela's old army
30) 4) dialog: I've missed you. I've missed you all.
30) 5) text: HELA'S BUTCHERS, rise up before their commander. ABOVE:   Skurge looks down, worried. BELOW: A sinister light returns to Fenris's eyes as he stands proudly before his master, allowing her to pet the of his terrifying face.
35) 0) text: Hela sits on the throne trying to get comfortable, headdr &amp; cowl off. Skurge stands at the foot of the throne.
35) 1) dialog: What is that noise?
35) 3) dialog: Tell me about yourself, Skurge.
35) 5) dialog: (interrupts)
35) 8) dialog: Recognition. (then:)
35) 10) text: I was Odin's executioner. Hela holds out her hand and uses her powers to FORM A DOU SIDED OBSIDIAN AXE, which she offers to Skurge.
35) 11) dialog: And you will be my executioner. Let's begin our conquest.
36) 0) text: Hela and Skurge arrive at the Observatory, army in tow.
36) 1) dialog: Skurge, where's the sword? Reveal that the Bi-Frost sword is missing.
36) 2) dialog: That sword is the key to opening the Bi-Frost. Hela thinks, seething.
36) 3) dialog: These people you mentioned, the ones who aren't falling into line. Round them up.
39) 0) text: It's busy with activity - hundreds of Asgardians who fled city after Hela's invasion are living here. Men, women, a children. Strong and weak, young and old. Heimdall turns to the family, even manages a smile.
41) 0) text: Thor suddenly finds himself in Asgard. Disoriented at fir Thor turns to see Heimdall hiding in the shadows. Heimdall harshly SHUSHES Thor and gestures for him to get against the wall. Thor complies. Sees the refugees. After a beat a roving patrol of Hela's Butchers creep by through the street. They don't spot our heroes. Pause. Heimdall turns to Thor, speaks only in hushed whispers.
41) 10) text: Hela is ravenous. If I let her leave, she'll consume the Nine Realms and all the cosmos. Turns back to Thor, approaches him. HEIMDALL (CONT'D)
41) 15) text: The big one! WHOOSH!   SUDDENLY THOR'S GONE!     BLACK. After slashing through the Butchers, Heimdall moves towar the house where he hid the family... and then abruptly st Heimdall turns slightly.       He sees something. BINOCULARS POV: Heimdall looking right at us, the Bi-Fros sword visible in his hand. Reveal Skurge on a palace tower balcony, surveilling the with Asgardian E-noculars. Skurge lowers the E-noculars. There is conflict on his face. He knows that he should re this to Hela immediately...yet he doesn't spring into act
42) 43) text: Hela, the Goddess of Death has invaded Asgard. VALKYRIE
42) 44) text: If Hela's back then Asgard is already lost. THOR
49) 0) text: A barren black void of death. The VALKYRIE, in old school Asgardian armor, charge throu the DIMENSIONAL RIFT, an open portal to Asgard and the Ni Realms. Val witnesses these events as moments frozen in t - Reveal Hela in all her glory, black lightning everywher - Dozens of Valkyrie falling through the dark space. - The Valkyrie's winged horses lay dead on the battlefiel - Through the open portal we can see the throne of Asgard - Hela advancing on the final few Valkyrie - one is Val, frozen in fear, shell-shocked.
83) 4) dialog: You. Hela's butchers approach the crowd and find the Asgardian woman. Skurge closes his eyes and looks downward.
83) 6) dialog: Well?   Executioner?
88) 0) text: Thor's footsteps ECHO through the empty space. He sees th items from the vault scattered beside the throne. Thor sees a chunk of plaster from the dismantled fresco. picks it up and sees that this piece of fresco bears a portion of his own face. Thor then looks up, off camera. His eyes go wide. He looks up at the ceiling where his painting used to be and finds the original which depicts and Hela conquering the nine realms, with Hela's butchers around them. Hela holds Mjolnir.
89) 0) text: Hela, cowl &amp; headdress on, stands with Skurge outside mountain stronghold where Heimdall is hiding the refugees Hela raises her arms and FIRES LONG THIN BLACK LANCES, wh BURROW into crevices on the mountainside. From here, we T UP, looking straight at the sky. With the lances in place, Hela bears down. Summoning all focus and energy, she begins to VIBRATE this manifestatio her powers, PUNCTURING crevices and splitting rock apart. The whole mountain begins to RUMBLE.
90) 0) text: CRACK!    Hela RIPS OPEN THE SIDE OF THE MOUNTAIN! There is an avalanche of rock and debris.     The mountai around the doors completely destroyed, the    doors fall the ravine, creating a bridge for Hela and    Skurge. Hel waits patiently for the dust to settle and    sees- -an empty stronghold.    No sign of Heimdall or the refug
93) 0) text: Hela is about to throttle Skurge when- -A LOUD GONG SOUND. It's coming from far away, but the de note resonates across the land. GONG-GONG-GONG-GONG! Hela looks to the Palace, her eyes narrowing with rage.
94) 0) text: Find Thor on the throne holding GUNGNIR - THE KING'S SPEA Odin's signature spear. SLAMMING the butt of it on the ground. GONG...GONG... Hela steps into the throne room.   Headdress &amp; cowl o Thor stops the GONGING when he sees Hela.
94) 2) dialog: You're still alive.
94) 4) dialog: It seems our father's solution to every problem was to cover it up.
94) 6) text: He told you you were worthy.   He said the same thing to me. Angle on Hela in the frescos, fighting with Mjolnir.
94) 7) dialog: You see, you never knew him, not at his best. (nostalgic sigh)
94) 11) dialog: To foster peace, to protect life. (with teeth)
94) 14) dialog: Okay, get up. You're in my seat.
94) 17) dialog: But must always be ready for it. They CHARGE each other.
96) 0) text: Hela and Thor fight, Hela wielding twin black blades. They CLASH and Thor BLOCKS an attack with Gungnir.   They face to face, Hela glaring at Thor.
96) 1) dialog: To be honest, I expected more. Hela DISARMS him, sending Gungnir CLATTERING across the r Hela strikes out sending Thor FLYING hard into a wall.
97) 0) text: Hela's butchers stand behind Skurge.
98) 0) text: Hela PINS thor against the wall.
98) 1) dialog: Here's the difference between us. I'm Odin's firstborn, the rightful heir, the savior of Asgard. (beat)
98) 2) text: And you're nothing. Hela PROJECTS a large spiked lance, Thor barely rolls out the way before it PUNCTURES the wall. Thor HEADBUTTS Hela. It does nothing.   Hela responds wit own HEADBUTT. It does a lot.
98) 4) dialog: So simple.     Even a blind man could see it. Hela RAKES a black-clawed hand across Thor's face. In doi so, she RIPS OUT ONE OF HIS EYES!
98) 5) dialog: Now you remind me of Dad.
99) 0) text: Asgardians CLASH with Hela's Butchers. Valkyrie keeps raining down fire on Fenris, but it is doi no real damage. Just pissing the wolf off. Fenris shakes off the bullets and resumes CHARGING. Heimdall sees Fenris charging and steps out in front of t refugees with his sword, preparing for the worst.
102) 0) text: Hela has Thor by the throat.     She lifts him up to look the balcony's ledge.
102) 1) dialog: You see? No one's going anywhere. (then:)
103) 4) text: Your savior is here! The fog dissipates around him, revealing that Loki's stan on THE GRANDMASTER'S SUPERCRUISER! For reasons that will become clear, we will henceforth call this ship THE ARK. And Loki is not alone. He's brought along all the prisone from the Contest of Champions. Armed with gladiator weapo The Ark slows to a stop at the middle of bridge. ABOVE: Even with Hela's hand on his throat, Thor can't he but smile at the sight of Loki. Hela however sneers. HELA
103) 5) text: That little shit. BELOW: Loki and the Sakaarian gladiators JUMP OFF the Ark onto the bridge, joining the fight against Hela's forces. LOKI
104) 0) text: Hela is perturbed, but not enraged. She turns her gaze ba to Thor for a final farewell.
104) 1) dialog: A valiant effort, but you never stood a chance. Thor looks up from his friends protecting his people as t frenziedly board to Ark to- -the twilight stars coming out over Asgard.   There's a glimmering of stardust in the sky.
104) 2) dialog: You see?   I'm not a queen, or a monster. FLASH: PUSH IN ON ODIN AT THE CLIFFS.
104) 3) dialog: I'm the Goddess of Death. FLASH: PUSH IN ON ODIN AT THE CLIFFS.
104) 4) dialog: What were you the God of again? As Hela digs two blades into his chest, Thor SCREAMS... And everything goes SILENT. SKY. We PAN DOWN to-
105) 0) text: - where we find Thor (dressed and injured as he was on th balcony), back in the sweeping fields where we met Hela f the first time.
106) 1) dialog: Tell me brother, what were you the God of again...? CLOSE ON Thor's clenched fist, small arcs of electricity forming. -THE LOUDEST CRACK OF THUNDER YOU'VE EVER HEARD! In an instant, Thor and Hela are ENGULFED in a bolt of lightnin KA-BOOM! Hela is BLASTED OUT of the lightning and sent CRASHING into the streets of Asgard. Her costume is tattered, the black extensions of her power hanging off h body in some places. She appears to be unconscious! All around Asgard, EVERYONE looks up at this massive stri
112) 9) text: It won't end there. The longer Hela's on Asgard the more powerful she grows. She'll hunt us down. We need to stop her here and now. VALKYRIE
112) 11) text: I'm not doing "Get help." Thor sees Hela approaching. He sees the palace behind her comes to a realization. THOR
112) 13) text: (impressed) Bold move, brother. Even for me. Loki runs off, leaving Thor and Val to deal with Hela.
115) 0) text: Thor continues FIGHTING Hela while Valkyrie BLOCKS Hela's attempts to spear the Asgardians from afar. Hela isn't landing any fatal blows, but she's carving Tho and making steady progress towards the Ark. However, the Asgardian refugees finally make it aboard. A injured Heimdall, Korg, and Miek are the last to get on. Thor and Heimdall make eye contact.    Thor calls out:
115) 2) text: As the Ark's engines begin to POWER UP- -Hela HARPOONS Thor.    He goes down, grimacing in pain. Hela begins to CONJURE AN ENORMOUS MANIFESTATION OF HER
118) 3) dialog: Hela turns to see Skurge blasting his way through her Butchers, trying to make his way to her. Disappointed, Hela FIRES a blade through Skurge's heart. Skurge has been killed... ...but the Ark now ASCENDS unfettered.
120) 0) text: Hela has Val in her clutches, but her focus is on the aftermath of Skurge's last stand and the Ark's subsequent escape. She's furious, about to unleash hell when-
120) 3) dialog: Whatever game you're playing, it won't work. You can't defeat me.
120) 5) dialog: No...NO!
121) 0) text: In the background the Ark continues its ascent, now high above the city. Hela's attention is on Surtur as the palace COLLAPSES aro him. So she is unprepared for- -SHLNK! Mustering up all her remaining strength, Val DRIV Dragonfang through Hela's chest, effectively PINNING her the bridge. Refocused on Val, Hela goes to deliver a death blow when- -Thor BOLTS forward!   He PULLS Val from Hela's clutches. Thor turns and FIRES LIGHTNING INTO DRAGONFANG, which DISLODGES the section of the bridge that Hela is pinned t The ground beneath Hela BREAKS FREE and she goes FALLING into the expanding fissure in Asgard's bedrock. Badly injured, Thor and Valkyrie look up to see- -Surtur INCREASING in size, now towering over the palace.