26) 0) text: Thor is shoved into a spacious cell where other alien prisoners are lurking in the back. The thick cell door SLAMS SHUT behind Thor. Thor gets up immediately begins THROWING his shoulder into the door. T door doesn't budge, not even a little. Behind him, KORG, a hulking Kronan rock alien, speaks up.
26) 1) dialog: Hey! Take it easy man! (Thor looks back)
26) 2) text: Over here. The pile of rocks waving at you. Yeah I'm actually a thing, I'm a being. Allow me to introduce myself, my name is Korg. I'm kind of like the leader in here. I'm made of rocks, as you can see, but don't let that intimidate you. You don't need to be afraid unless you're made of scissors. (GIGGLES to himself)
26) 5) dialog: That I am.
26) 7) dialog: Well, I tried to start a revolution but didn't print enough pamphlets, so hardly anyone turned up.
26) 9) text: Except for my mom and her boyfriiend, who I hate. As punishment, I was forced to be in here and become a gladiator. Bit of a promotional disaster. (secretive) But I'm actually organizing another revolution. I don't know if you'd be interested in something like that. Do you reckon you'd be interested? Thor tries to run ahead down the circle and loops back ar behind Korg. THOR
26) 10) text: How did you... KORG
26) 12) text: This doesn't make any sense. KORG
26) 14) text: Has anyone here fought the Grandmaster's Champion? KORG
26) 16) text: What about you? You're made of rocks. KORG
26) 20) dialog: That's exactly what Doug used to say. See you later, new Doug.
26) 21) text: Korg walks away and approaches Miek.
31) 4) text: Thor picks up some stones that have fallen from Korg's le and casually starts throwing them through Loki's illusion
31) 18) dialog: Piss off, ghost! (then:)
32) 0) text: Thor, Korg, and a gaggle of other prisoners/fighters have been led from their cells to a PRE-FIGHT HOLDING AREA. Korg and Thor are by the weapons rack.
32) 1) dialog: Yuck! There's Still someone's hair and blood all over this. Guys, can you clean up the weapons once you finish your fight? Disgusting slobs. (then:)
32) 4) dialog: Yeah, not really useful unless you're fighting off three vampires that were huddled together.
32) 6) dialog: Hammer?
32) 8) text: Quite unique. It was made from this special metal from the heart of a dying star. And when I spun it really, really fast it gave me the ability to fly. KORG
32) 10) text: No, I didn't ride the hammer. KORG
32) 13) dialog: Oh my God.     The hammer pulled you off? THOR
32) 14) text: The ground. It would pull me off the ground, up into the air, and I would fly. Every time I threw it, it would always come back to me. KORG
32) 18) text: See her, the one that put me in here. KORG
34) 31) text: Thunder! Thunder! Thunder! KORG
34) 32) text: Thunder! Thunder! Thunder! The crowd gets hushed.   They've never seen this before. IN THE VIP BOX: Grandmaster is pissed.   Loki is amazed. Hulk and Thor stagger to their feet. Thor looks at himsel a little surprised. There are still small charges of lightning CRACKLING through his veins. Meanwhile, Hulk RUMBLES towards Thor and they're at it ag close-quarters boxing. Thor is winning the exchanges, landing BRUTAL PUNCHES to Hulk's body. And then suddenly- -BZZZ! The Grandmaster ZAPS him with the Obedience Disk f Thor drops, totally caught off guard! Hulk plants his feet and JUMPS! He ZOOMS UP, rocketing ou of the arena, up-up-up into the sky! At the apex of his j Hulk clenches his fist and begins a missile-like descent. Val sees this from her ship and decides to take off, like "This fight is over, time to beat traffic." KORG (CONT'D)
56) 0) text: Korg sits with his cell mates.    He's talking to Miek.
56) 1) dialog: Is that some sort of protoplasm, all the stuff that's coming out of you? Or are they eggs? Looks like eggs. Suddenly his Obedience Disk POWERS DOWN. No longer glowin As Korg stands up, Valkyrie appears at the door to his ce
56) 3) dialog: Who's asking? I know you're asking. Is anyone else asking, or is it just you? Valkyrie tosses him a high-tech rifle.
56) 5) dialog: My revolution has begun...
81) 0) text: KORG and MIEK enter, leading a group of gladiator rebels. Korg sees and then points to the SUPERCRUISER.
81) 1) dialog: There she is. Our ticket out of here. Hey, what's this?
81) 4) dialog: Hey man, we're about to jump on that ginormous spaceship. You wanna come?
81) 6) dialog: Why thank you.
103) 2) text: Hey man.   I'm Korg.   This is Miek. Miek steps into frame, waving. KORG (CONT'D)
109) 0) text: Moving across the entire epic battle. On the city side, Valkyrie CUTS A SWATHE through the relentless onslaught of Butchers. Heavy damage. At the middle of the bridge, Heimdall helps load the flee Asgardians onto the Ark. Within the melee are Loki, Korg and the Sakaarians. Loki SLASHES through Butchers wielding his two long daggers.
115) 0) text: Thor continues FIGHTING Hela while Valkyrie BLOCKS Hela's attempts to spear the Asgardians from afar. Hela isn't landing any fatal blows, but she's carving Tho and making steady progress towards the Ark. However, the Asgardian refugees finally make it aboard. A injured Heimdall, Korg, and Miek are the last to get on. Thor and Heimdall make eye contact.    Thor calls out:
124) 1) dialog: The damage is not too bad. As long as the foundations are strong, we can rebuild this place. It will become a haven for all people and aliens of the universe... When the fiery sword touches the crystalline base of Asga there is a VIOLENT DETONATION OF ENERGY! A CATACLYSMIC EARTHQUAKE!   The entire realm is SPLIT IN In an instant, Thor's home is BLOWN TO PIECES. Asgard is gone.
124) 2) dialog: Nope, those foundations are gone. Sorry. Stay on Thor as he processes the decisions he's made.
128) 5) dialog: Oh, Miek's dead. I accidentally stepped on him on the bridge, I've just felt so guilty I've been carrying him around all day...
128) 7) dialog: Miek, you're alive! He's alive everyone! What was your question?