8) 0) text: THOR arrives with Surtur's skull. There's a small crowd making its way through a threshold which stands a monumental statue of Loki, arms out-stretc in the `savior' pose. Confused, Thor turns to a theater patron.
9) 0) text: LOKI falls into frame, GASPING FOR BREATH... although it' not Loki. This is ACTOR LOKI and we're watching a STAGE P In the background, a single musician plays the haunting s from THOR: THE DARK WORLD on a pan flute. Suddenly, ACTOR THOR leans into shot, holding Actor Loki.
9) 6) text: In the middle of the audience we reveal ODIN, sitting upo chaise lounge, sipping wine and thoroughly enjoying the s Unseen, Thor arrives behind the audience and watches. ACTOR LOKI
9) 8) text: It's all right.   Hold on. ACTOR LOKI
9) 10) text: They'd be lucky to have you. ACTOR LOKI
9) 12) text: I know. ACTOR LOKI
9) 14) text: So mischievous. ACTOR LOKI
9) 18) text: You are the savior of Asgard. ACTOR LOKI
9) 20) text: I will. ACTOR LOKI
9) 23) text: We will build a big statue for you. ACTOR LOKI
9) 25) text: I will tell Father what you did here today. Odin mouths Actor Loki's final line along with him. ACTOR LOKI
9) 26) text: I didn't do it for him. Actor Loki then "dies".
9) 28) text: And so Loki died of his wounds, giving his life for ours. He fought back those disgusting dark elves. He brought peace to the realm. He takes a 4-YEAR-OLD BOY, PAINTED BLUE, into his arms. ACTOR ODIN (CONT'D)
9) 29) text: Loki, my boy...`Twas many moons ago I found you on a frost-bitten battlefield. Thor watches, incredulous. He then notices that a woman n to him is openly SOBBING at the play. ACTOR ODIN (CONT'D)
9) 36) text: The Tragedy of Loki of Asgard. The people wanted to commemorate him. THOR
9) 57) text: Then I'll see you on the other side...brother. The jig is up.   A shimmering illusion dissipates, reveal LOKI
9) 58) text: Alright, I yield! Thor DROPS Loki to the ground and catches Mjolnir. Loki looks to Thor, hands up defensively. Skurge arrives on th scene, a little late to warn Loki. SKURGE
9) 59) text: Behold!   Thor..Odinson. LOKI
9) 61) text: Where's Odin? LOKI
9) 62) text: You just couldn't stay away, could you? Everything was fine without you. Asgard was prospering (gestures to the crowd) You've ruined everything. Ask them. Those who aren't freaked out are becoming gradually angri Thor advances on Loki, who backs up onto the chaise loung THOR
9) 63) text: Where's father?    Did you kill him? LOKI
9) 64) text: You had what you wanted, you had the independence you asked for! Thor PRESSES Mjolnir onto Loki's chest.
9) 66) dialog: Ow-ow-ow! Alright! I know exactly where he is.
10) 0) text: A NURSING HOME sign on a brick wall. Suddenly the wall crumbles out of shot, revealing a demolition site. Reveal Thor and Loki wearing street clothes. Thor carries umbrella, Loki is dressed in a weird avant-garde suit.
10) 1) dialog: I swear, I left him right here.
10) 3) dialog: How was I supposed to know? Can't see into the future. I'm not a witch.
10) 5) dialog: Hey.
10) 7) dialog: I'm honored.
10) 17) dialog: This... isn't me. WHOOMPF! Loki DROPS out of sight, vanishing through solid concrete! Thor sees a CARD on the sidewalk where Loki was Thor pokes the business card.
13) 9) text: Yeah, right. Suddenly we hear SCREAMING. From above, LOKI drops out of a portal. He LANDS HARD on floor and then STAGGERS to his feet. On edge, confused. LOKI
13) 14) dialog: Handle me?     Who are you?
13) 17) dialog: ..you think you're some kind of sorcerer? Don't think for one minute, you second-rate...
14) 0) text: Beautiful, undisturbed nature.       We hear the ocean ne LOKI lands on the ground, portal closes behind them.
14) 7) text: Loki, lift your magic. Odin turns to Loki, who stiffens.    But Odin smiles. ODIN
14) 8) text: Took me quite a while to break free from your spell. Frigga would have been proud. Loki is moved by this gesture. He looks over to see Thor staring at him, anger building. Odin puts a hand on Thor's shoulder, calming him. ODIN (CONT'D)
14) 15) text: The Goddess of Death.     Hela.   My first born. (faces Thor) Your sister. That hits Thor hard. Loki can't believe what he's hearing THOR
14) 25) text: Brother. Thor faces Loki.   Electricity CRACKLES at Thor's hands. THOR
14) 27) text: Thor SLAMS DOWN his umbrella, transforming into his Asgar armor (with Mjolnir). Loki changes into his armor as well A piercing scream cuts the air as a figure is hurtled out the portal, crashing out of this dimensional rift is HELA Hela takes a second to consider her surroundings.   Then: HELA
14) 30) text: Really, you don't look like him. LOKI
14) 32) text: You sound like him. Loki shifts nervously.   Thor's grip tightens on Mjolnir. HELA (CONT'D)
14) 33) text: Kneel. LOKI
14) 40) dialog: Bring us back!
15) 0) text: Thor and Loki ZOOM UPWARDS, held inside this celestial be warping them towards Asgard. Loki and Thor look down to see... Hela is in the Bi-Frost, behind them and CATCHING Loki turns and throws TWO DAGGERS at her. They find their mark, stalling her for a second. But she PLOWS RIGHT THRO Loki, KNOCKING HIM OUT OF THE BI-FROST. Gone in an instan
25) 48) text: (amused) Ass-gard? (then:) One, two, three, four. Grandmaster really gets into his PLAYING. Grandmaster's guards and VIP guests start MOVING TO THE MUSIC. Thor takes a moment to look around at this bizarre specta unfolding around him. In doing so, he zeroes in on one particular group of VIPS, specifically... ...LOKI! He's lounging and dressed in Sakaarian garb. LOKI
25) 50) text: Loki!? Loki! Over here! Loki notices Thor. Blanches a little. Sidles closer so as to speak to Thor without looking like he's speaking to Th LOKI
25) 52) text: Loki!
25) 55) text: Yes, of course I'm alive. LOKI
25) 57) text: What do you mean, what am I doing? I'm stuck in this stupid chair. Where's your chair? LOKI
25) 60) dialog: I can't.
25) 63) text: Oh, he's crazy! LOKI
25) 66) text: What are you whispering about? Both Thor and Loki react, startled. GRANDMASTER (CONT'D)
25) 68) text: On any other world, I'd be like, millions of years old. But here on Sakaar... Grandmaster beholds himself.   Then turns to Loki.   A tr uncomfortable silence. GRANDMASTER (CONT'D)
25) 70) text: God of Thunder.    Tell him. LOKI
25) 72) text: He's my brother. LOKI
25) 74) text: Is he any kind of a fighter? Loki shrugs, gives the universal gesture for "so-so." THOR
31) 3) dialog: It hurts, doesn't it? Being lied to. Being told you're one thing and then learning it's all a fiction.
31) 4) text: Thor picks up some stones that have fallen from Korg's le and casually starts throwing them through Loki's illusion
31) 5) dialog: You didn't think I'd really come and see you, did you? This place is disgusting.
31) 6) text: Thor throws another stone through Loki.
31) 7) dialog: Does this mean you don't want my help?
31) 8) text: Thor throws another stone through Loki. BLUE DRAFT 05/20/16                    46. LOKI (CONT'D)
31) 9) text: Look, I couldn't jeopardize my position with Grandmaster, it took me time to win his trust. He's a lunatic, but he can be amenable. Thor throws another stone through Loki.    Disinterested. LOKI (CONT'D)
31) 10) text: What I'm telling you is, you could join me at the Grandmaster's side. Perhaps, in time, an accident befalls the Grandmaster, and then... Loki gestures: "we take over." Thor throws another stone through Loki.    Bored. LOKI (CONT'D)
31) 11) text: You're not seriously thinking of going back, are you? Our sister destroyed your hammer like a piece of glass. She's stronger than both of us. She's stronger than you. You don't stand a chance. Do you understand what I'm saying to you? Thor just scowls. LOKI (CONT'D)
31) 12) text: Fine. I guess I'll just have to go it alone. Like I've always done. (Thor smirks) Would you say something? Now out of stones, Thor looks around the floor for more. LOKI (CONT'D)
31) 13) text: Say something! Thor finally looks right at Loki, speaks fast and curt: THOR
31) 14) text: What would you like me to say? You faked your own death, you stole the throne, stripped Odin of his power, stranded him on Earth... (on Loki:) -to die, releasing the Goddess of Death. (back to Thor:) (MORE)
31) 17) dialog: You know, I haven't seen this Beloved Champion he talks of, but I've heard he's astonishingly savage. I've placed a large wager against you tomorrow. Don't let me down. Loki SHIMMERS, and his illusion vanishes.   Korg runs in try to kick him.
34) 0) text: Hundreds of thousands of spectators packed into the stadi seats. Dozens of starships are parked above the arena. Find THE GRANDMASTER'S LUXURY SUITE, a VIP box attached t the fighting area. The Golden Ladies are in attendance. Loki lounges in the suite, taking wagers on the fight car Grandmaster walks out into the center of the arena.   Sud BLUE DRAFT 05/20/16                   51.
34) 8) text: Yes! IN THE VIP BOX: Loki goes ghost white. Traumatic memories being Hulk-smashed flood his brain. Gone is all his joy. LOKI
34) 9) text: I have to get off this planet. Loki tries to exit, but the Grandmaster stops him. GRANDMASTER
34) 10) text: Hey, hey, hey! Where are you going? Grandmaster plops Loki down in the front row, right again the glass. Loki casually tries to hide his face in his ha
34) 12) text: Hey! We know each other. He's a friend from work. (to Hulk:) Where have you been? Everybody thought you were dead. So much has happened since I last saw you. I lost my hammer. Like, yesterday, so that's still pretty fresh. (then:) Loki! Loki's alive. Can you believe it? He's up there. (waves to Loki:) Loki! Look who it is!
34) 24) text: That's it. The sun's going down. I won't hurt you anymore. No one will. WHOOSH! Thor is suddenly dragged out of frame. Hulk has Thor by the leg and is WHIPPING him against the arena flo Over and over and over again. IN THE VIP BOX: Loki's whole mood shifts. The joy returns his face, like "everything will be alright!" Loki LAUGHS. LOKI
34) 32) text: Thunder! Thunder! Thunder! The crowd gets hushed.   They've never seen this before. IN THE VIP BOX: Grandmaster is pissed.   Loki is amazed. Hulk and Thor stagger to their feet. Thor looks at himsel a little surprised. There are still small charges of lightning CRACKLING through his veins. Meanwhile, Hulk RUMBLES towards Thor and they're at it ag close-quarters boxing. Thor is winning the exchanges, landing BRUTAL PUNCHES to Hulk's body. And then suddenly- -BZZZ! The Grandmaster ZAPS him with the Obedience Disk f Thor drops, totally caught off guard! Hulk plants his feet and JUMPS! He ZOOMS UP, rocketing ou of the arena, up-up-up into the sky! At the apex of his j Hulk clenches his fist and begins a missile-like descent. Val sees this from her ship and decides to take off, like "This fight is over, time to beat traffic." KORG (CONT'D)
47) 0) text: Loki and Valkyrie are brought before Grandmaster, who has least tripled the amount of bodyguards around him.
47) 2) dialog: Grandmaster, I-
47) 7) text: My precious champion has come up missing and its all because of that Lord of Thunder. It's all because of him. (to Loki)
47) 10) dialog: My dear friend, if you were to give me twelve hours I could bring them both back to you.
47) 12) dialog: I could do it in one.
48) 0) text: Valkyrie exits in a hurry.   Loki follows her.
48) 1) dialog: What have you done!? Val reverses position, putting Loki up against the wall.
48) 3) dialog: It's Loki. And you will answer to the Grandmaster.
48) 5) dialog: Why would you help my brother escape with that green fool?
48) 7) dialog: You're a Valkyrie. I thought the Valkyrie all died gruesome deaths? Now Val ATTACKS Loki! She gets him up against the wall, h blade against his throat. She looks ready to kill him.
48) 9) dialog: Terribly sorry. Must be a very painful memory... Quick as a rattlesnake, Loki GRABS Val's head and CASTS a illusion. Val's eyes CLOUD OVER with darkness as we go to
50) 0) text: We find Val on her knees in front of Loki, trembling from this visceral memory that she's tried so hard to suppress She turns on Loki, raging, and knocks him out.
55) 0) text: Valkyrie opens the front door, revealing- -Loki! He is as restrained as anyone could be, sitting in the middle of the apartment with a dozen chains around hi
55) 2) dialog: 
55) 5) dialog: Hello, Bruce.
55) 7) dialog: It varies from moment to moment. Val's apartment is a shithole. Bottles everywhere, blood- spattered clothes in the corner, a knife in the wall, etc Banner gives Thor a look like "she might be crazy."   Tho responds with a "No, she's cool" gesture. BLUE DRAFT 05/20/16                88.
55) 28) text: There are one or two ships, absolute top-of-the-line models-- LOKI
55) 29) text: I don't mean to impose, but the Grandmaster has a great many ships. I may eve have stolen the access codes to his security system. All eyes turn to Loki. Valkyrie throws her bottle at him. smashes above his head. VALKYRIE
55) 30) text: And suddenly you're overcome with an urge to do the right thing. LOKI
55) 31) text: Heavens, no. I've run out of favor with the Grandmaster. (MORE) BLUE DRAFT 05/20/16        90. LOKI (CONT'D)
55) 33) text: You're telling us you can get us access into the garage without setting off any alarms? LOKI
55) 37) text: Yes, me too. On many, many occasions. There was one time when we were children, he transformed himself into a snake, and he knows that I love snakes. So, I went to pick up the snake to admire it and he transformed back into himself and he was like, "Yeah, it's me!" And he stabbed me. We were eight at the time. Loki suppresses a smile. VALKYRIE
55) 38) text: If we're boosting a ship, we're gonna need to draw some guards away from the palace. LOKI
59) 0) text: Thor waits as Loki enters codes to a door's security pane
59) 2) dialog: I disagree. Open communication was never our family's forte.
59) 6) dialog: Hi! Thor and Loki BLAST all the guards, moving to another doo
59) 7) dialog: Odin brought us together, it's almost poetic that his death should split us apart. We might as well be strangers now. "Two sons of the crown" set adrift. A guard tries to ambush Loki through the door.   Thor TAK OUT the guard.
60) 0) text: Thor and Loki are going up.
60) 1) dialog: Here's the thing. I'm probably better off staying here on Sakaar.
60) 3) dialog: ...Did you just agree with me?
60) 5) dialog: Do you truly think so little of me? Thor pauses, considers his brother.   Then:
60) 9) text: I don't know, maybe there's still good in you, but let's be honest, our paths diverged a long time ago. Loki is wounded by Thor's willingness to discard him. his feelings with: LOKI
60) 10) text: It's probably for the best that we never see one another again. Beat.   Thor pats Loki affectionately on the shoulder. Hold on Loki. Did Thor just get through to him? THOR
60) 13) dialog: What? THOR
60) 15) dialog: No. THOR
60) 17) dialog: I hate it. THOR
60) 18) text: It's great. IT works every time. LOKI
60) 21) dialog: No. THOR
60) 24) dialog: We are not doing "Get Help."
61) 0) text: Multi-tiered platforms with dozens of cool spaceships. The elevator doors open. Thor supports Loki's weight with Loki faking a fatal injury.
61) 4) dialog: I still hate it. It's humiliating.
61) 7) dialog: (points)
61) 8) text: The Commodore. The COMMODORE starship. Brand new, solidly built, sleek. As they walk towards it a DUPLICATE LOKI FORMS and LAGS BEHIND. The Loki walking with Thor is an illusion.
61) 9) dialog: Though I feel it won't make much of a difference...
61) 12) dialog: I know I've betrayed you many times before, but this time it's truly nothing personal. The reward for your capture will set me up nicely. He triggers the alarm.
62) 2) dialog: Easier to let it burn. But then Loki sees Thor holding up a fob device. Loki realizes that Thor affixed an Obedience Disk on him in th heart-to-heart moment.
81) 3) dialog: Thank you.
81) 5) dialog: You do seem like you're in desperate need of leadership.
103) 3) text: We're going to jump on that spaceship and get out of here. Want to come? Heimdall is beyond confused, but then... a LOUD NOISE. He looks down to see- -EMERGING FROM THE THICK LOW-HANGING FOG IS LOKI! Resplen in horns, arms spread wide, seeming to float towards the bridge like a mythical angel of mercy. LOKI
103) 4) text: Your savior is here! The fog dissipates around him, revealing that Loki's stan on THE GRANDMASTER'S SUPERCRUISER! For reasons that will become clear, we will henceforth call this ship THE ARK. And Loki is not alone. He's brought along all the prisone from the Contest of Champions. Armed with gladiator weapo The Ark slows to a stop at the middle of bridge. ABOVE: Even with Hela's hand on his throat, Thor can't he but smile at the sight of Loki. Hela however sneers. HELA
103) 5) text: That little shit. BELOW: Loki and the Sakaarian gladiators JUMP OFF the Ark onto the bridge, joining the fight against Hela's forces. LOKI
103) 6) text: Did you miss me?    Everybody on that ship, now. The Asgardian refugees begin POURING onto the ark. The on way onto the Ark is a narrow plankway, so there is an immediate bottleneck effect - thousands of frightened peo all pushing for a chance at salvation. It's mayhem. Loki walks through the crowd to Heimdall.
103) 9) dialog: Of course you did. Loki joins Heimdall and the gladiators in fending off Hel encroaching minions.
109) 0) text: Moving across the entire epic battle. On the city side, Valkyrie CUTS A SWATHE through the relentless onslaught of Butchers. Heavy damage. At the middle of the bridge, Heimdall helps load the flee Asgardians onto the Ark. Within the melee are Loki, Korg and the Sakaarians. Loki SLASHES through Butchers wielding his two long daggers.
112) 0) text: Our heroes have drastically thinned down the herd of Butchers. It's pandemonium. The Ark's engines are deafening, but yo can still hear the sound of terrified people SCREAMING. Thor helps Loki to his feet.
112) 2) dialog: You're missing an eye. Valkyrie finishes off a handful of enemies, but then noti something. She WHISTLES to get the others' attention.
112) 5) dialog: Hit her with a lightning blast.
112) 10) text: What's our move? LOKI
112) 12) text: Asgard's not a place, it's a people. (then) This was never about stopping Ragnarok...it was about causing Ragnarok. (to Loki:) Go to the vault. Surtur's crown. It's the only way. LOKI
112) 13) text: (impressed) Bold move, brother. Even for me. Loki runs off, leaving Thor and Val to deal with Hela.
114) 0) text: Find Loki in the pilot's seat.
114) 1) dialog: This is madness.
117) 0) text: LOKI rushes in and picks up Surtur's skull. As he walks towards the Eternal Flame, The Tesseract draw his attention. Tempting him.
119) 0) text: LOKI places Surtur's skull in the Eternal Flame.
119) 1) dialog: With the Eternal Flame, you are reborn. As the fire CRACKLES, Surtur's skull begins to GROW.
126) 1) dialog: It suits you. Thor turns to reveal Loki standing by the door.    A smil
126) 3) dialog: Maybe not.
126) 6) dialog: Do we have to hug now? Thor smiles.
128) 0) text: Thor steps out onto the main deck to see an assembly of b Asgardian and Sakaarian refugees awaiting their King. Thor looks over his people and begins to walk through the crowd. His subjects part, allowing him through. It is the antithesis of the opening coronation from the f THOR movie. The people aren't cheering and lauding him, b rather they are smiling. Humbly bowing. Grateful. And Thor isn't acting arrogant. Not trying to show off an swagger. He is stately. A contemplative and dignified kin At the end of the procession, Hulk, Loki, Valkyrie, and Heimdall stand next to the CAPTAIN'S CHAIR.
129) 0) text: THOR and LOKI look out the window.
129) 1) dialog: Do you really think it's a good idea to go back to Earth?
129) 3) dialog: Let me rephrase: Do you really think it's a good idea to bring me back to Earth?
129) 4) text: Thor smiles, getting it.    Pats Loki on the shoulder.