2) 0) text: Heimdall is nowhere to be found. Instead, we meet SKURGE. He's bald, strong, mean looking, a little eager to be lik
2) 2) dialog: Heimdall was an idiot. This job should have made him rich. Now, the job ain't easy, but it does have its benefits. The Bi-Frost gives me access to everything the Nine Realms have to offer. I mean it's all mine for the taking. (beat)
2) 3) text: Behold...my stuff. Skurge has drawn their attention to a pile of weapons and treasures he has stashed off to the side. He hefts up two M-16 assault rifles, trying to play it co
2) 4) dialog: I'm particularly fond of these. I pulled `em out of a place on Midgard called Texas. I even named them. Des and Troy. You see, when you put them together...they destroy.
5) 0) text: Skurge continues showing off for the ladies.
5) 3) dialog: You girls are in for a treat. Angle on Heimdall's sword, which has been sloppily cast a in another pile of "stuff." Skurge hastily runs and grabs
7) 0) text: Skurge has plunged Heimdall's sword into Bi-Frost. BOOM! Thor EXPLODES out of the portal along with the seve head of the dragon! SPLAT! Blood and guts RAIN DOWN on Skurge and the two women, DRENCHING them with purple gore The dragon's head SLIDES slowly across the floor, coming rest right in front of the women who are frozen in shock. The women SHRIEK and rush out of the Observatory. Thor meanwhile is clean and staggering back to his feet. He lo up to Skurge, who is wiping dragon guts off of himself.
7) 1) dialog: Girls! (beat)
7) 4) dialog: Don't you remember? I'm Skurge. (Thor doesn't)
7) 7) dialog: That traitor. No one knows, he's a fugitive of the throne.
7) 9) dialog: Yeah, you see, Odin charged Heimdall with negligence of duty, but he disappeared before the trial. Hard to catch a guy who can see everything in the Universe. Thor starts to say something, but then gives up. Instead starts towards the exit... but Skurge stands in his way.
7) 12) dialog: Hold on. I'm supposed to announce your arrival. Thor SPINS UP Mjolnir and takes off in a blur.   Skurge s the loooong run down the Rainbow Bridge.
9) 58) text: Alright, I yield! Thor DROPS Loki to the ground and catches Mjolnir. Loki looks to Thor, hands up defensively. Skurge arrives on th scene, a little late to warn Loki. SKURGE
16) 0) text: VOLSTAGG has a grip on Heimdall's sword, manning Bi-Frost controls. Behind him FANDRAL is overseeing Skurge, who is mopping up the dragon guts. BOOM! Hela emerges with thunderous impact. Fandral and Volstagg draw their weapons, preparing to engage.
16) 4) dialog: I'm just a janitor. Skurge ever-so-slightly peers up at her.
23) 0) text: It's eerily quiet. CLOSE on Hela scanning the battlefield 100+ slain Einherjar at her feet. ANGLE on Skurge as he steps forward - awe, admiration, fe
28) 0) text: Moving down the throne room corridor we see- -SEVERAL DEAD EINHERJAR GUARDS. One guy is still alive, desperately trying to crawl away. SHLNK!    A black blade finishes him off. Reveal HELA and SKURGE looking down at the carnage. Hela directs her attention to FRESCOS ON THE CEILING. Lik the Sistine Chapel, except these depict Asgard's shining influence on the Nine Realms. Bountiful harvests, shepher with full flocks, common folk throwing parades for Asgard army, etc.
29) 1) dialog: Odin's treasures. SKURGE follows her. Hela walks towards the Infinity Gaunt
29) 8) text: But this... The Eternal Flame. THE ETERNAL FLAME flickers in its chalice. Hela DIGS HER HAND INTO THE ETERNAL FLAME. She pulls her hand out now cupping GREEN FIRE, like a torch. Hela approaches a large circular RUNE ETCHING on the floo Hela manifests a huge CLAW HAMMER. She SMASHES THROUGH TH RUNES ON THE FLOOR, creating a gaping chasm. She looks at Skurge.
30) 5) text: HELA'S BUTCHERS, rise up before their commander. ABOVE:   Skurge looks down, worried. BELOW: A sinister light returns to Fenris's eyes as he stands proudly before his master, allowing her to pet the of his terrifying face.
35) 0) text: Hela sits on the throne trying to get comfortable, headdr &amp; cowl off. Skurge stands at the foot of the throne.
35) 2) dialog: The common folk aren't exactly falling in line. There's a resistance trying to knock down the front gates. Hela sends her BUTCHER TROOPS to deal with it.
35) 4) dialog: Well, me dad was a stonemason, me mum was-
35) 7) dialog: I just want a chance to prove myself.
35) 10) text: I was Odin's executioner. Hela holds out her hand and uses her powers to FORM A DOU SIDED OBSIDIAN AXE, which she offers to Skurge.
36) 0) text: Hela and Skurge arrive at the Observatory, army in tow.
41) 15) text: The big one! WHOOSH!   SUDDENLY THOR'S GONE!     BLACK. After slashing through the Butchers, Heimdall moves towar the house where he hid the family... and then abruptly st Heimdall turns slightly.       He sees something. BINOCULARS POV: Heimdall looking right at us, the Bi-Fros sword visible in his hand. Reveal Skurge on a palace tower balcony, surveilling the with Asgardian E-noculars. Skurge lowers the E-noculars. There is conflict on his face. He knows that he should re this to Hela immediately...yet he doesn't spring into act
83) 2) dialog: Asgardians, some misguided soul has stolen the Bifrost sword. Tell us where it is, or there will be consequences. Bad ones. We are now in the smoking ruins of Asgard. 100+ Asgardian have been forced to line in a large piazza, all exhausted all scared. Patrolling the perimeter are Hela's Butchers.
83) 3) dialog: Well? Hela points to an Asgardian woman off camera.
89) 0) text: Hela, cowl &amp; headdress on, stands with Skurge outside mountain stronghold where Heimdall is hiding the refugees Hela raises her arms and FIRES LONG THIN BLACK LANCES, wh BURROW into crevices on the mountainside. From here, we T UP, looking straight at the sky. With the lances in place, Hela bears down. Summoning all focus and energy, she begins to VIBRATE this manifestatio her powers, PUNCTURING crevices and splitting rock apart. The whole mountain begins to RUMBLE.
90) 0) text: CRACK!    Hela RIPS OPEN THE SIDE OF THE MOUNTAIN! There is an avalanche of rock and debris.     The mountai around the doors completely destroyed, the    doors fall the ravine, creating a bridge for Hela and    Skurge. Hel waits patiently for the dust to settle and    sees- -an empty stronghold.    No sign of Heimdall or the refug
93) 0) text: Hela is about to throttle Skurge when- -A LOUD GONG SOUND. It's coming from far away, but the de note resonates across the land. GONG-GONG-GONG-GONG! Hela looks to the Palace, her eyes narrowing with rage.
97) 0) text: Hela's butchers stand behind Skurge.
97) 1) dialog: Heimdall!    The sword! The Butcher army CHARGES Val and Banner hold the remaining Butchers off with GUNFI Heimdall is looking toward the palace, concern for Thor. his attention soon goes back to protecting the mass of humanity behind him. He looks out to the Observatory
103) 0) text: Val pilots the Commodore towards the battle on the city s of the bridge. Skurge's battlion of Butchers surge forwar -BOOM! Val LANDS the Commodore on top of them, SKIDDING across the bridge, CRUSHING the front line of the Butcher and KNOCKING Skurge aside. The impact triggers the party function, setting off PARTY MUSIC and a FIREWORKS DISPLAY Val emerges from the ship in full battle mode. Behind her the Commodore FIREWORKS provide a spectacular HERO BACKDR She draws DRAGONFANG and smiles as Butchers begin swarmin towards her. She is where she needs to be. Meanwhile, the Asgardians huddle together, packed so tigh that some begin to fall off the side of the bridge, loved ones grabbing them and pulling them back up. There's no h
111) 0) text: Asgardians continue RUSHING onto the ship. In the crowd we find Skurge! He's thrown a cloak over himself and is sneaking in amongst the refugees.
118) 0) text: The first wave of Butchers arrives on board, heading stra for a cowering family. Just as they're about to be killed POW! POW! POW!    The Butchers fall dead. Everyone turns to see SKURGE, now uncloaked, wielding his M-16s from Texas.
118) 1) dialog: For Asgard. Skurge runs forward, LEAPS off the Ark, and LANDS on the bridge right where all the Butchers are coming to life. BLASTING AWAY the Butchers before they can get aboard. Behind Skurge, the Ark begins to LIFT OFF. Skurge keeps FIRING and then-
118) 2) dialog: 
120) 0) text: Hela has Val in her clutches, but her focus is on the aftermath of Skurge's last stand and the Ark's subsequent escape. She's furious, about to unleash hell when-