1) 1) dialog: Thor, Son of Odin. Thor's chain turns to reveal- -SURTUR on his throne. Eighteen-feet-tall, flesh made of fire, and demonic spiked horns on his skull.
1) 3) dialog: I cannot die. Not until I fulfill my destiny and lay waste to your home.
1) 5) dialog: Then you have seen Ragnarok, the fall of Asgard. The great prophecy--
1) 10) dialog: My time has come. When my crown is reunited with the Eternal Flame, I shall be restored to my full might. I will tower over the mountains and bury my sword deep in Asgard's--
1) 13) dialog: A mountain!
1) 15) dialog: Odin is not on Asgard. And your absence has left the throne defenseless. That elicits a concerned look from Thor.
1) 17) dialog: This is my Crown, the source of my power. Surtur points at the V-shaped horns on his head..
1) 19) dialog: It's a crown.
1) 22) dialog: But Ragnarok has   already begun. You cannot stop it.    I am Asgard's doom, and so are   you. All will suffer, all will   burn. Surtur steps forward and GRABS the chain above Thor's fee holding it so he and Thor are face to face.
1) 24) dialog: You cannot stop Ragnarok. Why fight it? Behind his back, Thor opens his hand.    Sending out the
1) 27) dialog: You have made a grave mistake, Odinson.
8) 0) text: THOR arrives with Surtur's skull. There's a small crowd making its way through a threshold which stands a monumental statue of Loki, arms out-stretc in the `savior' pose. Confused, Thor turns to a theater patron.
9) 39) text: The skull of Surtur? That's a formidable weapon. Thor approaches an E-Guard and hands it over. THOR
14) 12) text: No, I've stopped Ragnarok.    I put an end to Surtur. ODIN
112) 12) text: Asgard's not a place, it's a people. (then) This was never about stopping Ragnarok...it was about causing Ragnarok. (to Loki:) Go to the vault. Surtur's crown. It's the only way. LOKI
117) 0) text: LOKI rushes in and picks up Surtur's skull. As he walks towards the Eternal Flame, The Tesseract draw his attention. Tempting him.
119) 0) text: LOKI places Surtur's skull in the Eternal Flame.
121) 0) text: In the background the Ark continues its ascent, now high above the city. Hela's attention is on Surtur as the palace COLLAPSES aro him. So she is unprepared for- -SHLNK! Mustering up all her remaining strength, Val DRIV Dragonfang through Hela's chest, effectively PINNING her the bridge. Refocused on Val, Hela goes to deliver a death blow when- -Thor BOLTS forward!   He PULLS Val from Hela's clutches. Thor turns and FIRES LIGHTNING INTO DRAGONFANG, which DISLODGES the section of the bridge that Hela is pinned t The ground beneath Hela BREAKS FREE and she goes FALLING into the expanding fissure in Asgard's bedrock. Badly injured, Thor and Valkyrie look up to see- -Surtur INCREASING in size, now towering over the palace.
121) 1) dialog: Tremble before me Asgard, for I am your reckoning! Surtur swings his sword, destroying an entire city block. THOR and VALKYRIE look up.
121) 6) dialog: Surtur destroys Asgard, he destroys Hela so that our people can live.
121) 9) text: No! HULK LEAPS UP AND LANDS ONTO SURTUR'S FACE and begins POUNDING the fire giant with furious punches!
123) 0) text: A bird's eye view shows TOTAL CARNAGE AND MADNESS on Asga Surtur has grown to EXTINCTION LEVEL SCALE.   SLASHING AW the landscape below, when suddenly-
123) 3) dialog: I am Asgard's doom!! True to his word, Surtur fulfills his destiny and-
124) 0) text: Everyone watches as Surtur drives his sword through Asgar