0) 0) text: Dark and cramped. The soft red light of fire seeps throug iron slats. Inside this cage is a man, bound by chains. It's THOR. His beard is long and his clothes are worn. Th rough, grizzled look of a man who's spent years on the ro He awakens with a JOLT.   Looks around.
0) 1) dialog: Now I know what you're thinking. Oh no! Thor's in a cage. How did this happen? (then:)
0) 3) dialog: How much longer do you think we'll be here? NOISE.    Sounds of metal gears TURNING. Suddenly the bottom DROPS OUT! Thor PLUMMETS until - SHLI Chains CINCH and abruptly halt his descent. Thor dangles feet off the ground. Pull back to reveal we are in-
1) 2) dialog: Surtur. Son of a bitch...you're still alive! I thought my father killed you, like, half a million years ago.
1) 4) dialog: You know, it's funny you should mention that because I've been having these terrible dreams of late. Asgard up in flames, falling to ruins, and you Surtur are at the center of all of them.
1) 6) dialog: Hang on.   Hang on. Reveal that Thor's chain is turning VERY SLOWLY.
1) 7) dialog: I'll be back around shortly. I really feel like we were connecting there. After a beat, Thor rotates around to face Surtur.
1) 8) dialog: Okay, so, Ragnarok. Tell me about that. Walk me through it.
1) 11) dialog: Oh, hang on. Give it a second. Once again, Thor is turning VERY SLOWLY.
1) 12) dialog: I swear I'm not even moving, it's just doing this on its own. I'm really sorry. (then:) Okay, let me get this straight. You're going to put your crown into the Eternal Flame, and then you'll suddenly grow as big as a house--
1) 14) dialog: The Eternal Flame that Odin keeps locked away on Asgard? Surtur grins, evil.
1) 16) dialog: Okay, so where is it? This crown?
1) 18) dialog: Oh, that's a crown? I thought it was a big eyebrow.
1) 21) dialog: Anyway, it sounds like all I have to do to stop Ragnarok is rip that thing off your head. Surtur stands up and approaches Thor, DRAGGING his sword.
1) 23) dialog: That's intense. To be honest, seeing you grow really big and set fire to a planet would be quite the spectacle. But it looks like I'm going to have to go with option B where I bust out of these chains, knock that tiara off your head, and stash it away in Asgard's vault.
1) 25) dialog: Because that's what heroes do. Nothing happens.   Thor appears annoyed at himself.
1) 26) dialog: Wait, sorry. I didn't time that right. (pause) And, now! BOOM!   Thor's hammer Mjolnir CRASHES through the wall! Thor BREAKS FREE from his chains, GRABS Mjolnir, spins, a flies a distance away. He FLINGS Mjolnir back at Surtur, smashing the giant in the face. Mjolnir returns.
1) 29) dialog: I make grave mistakes all the time. Everything seems to work out. In the shadows, a massive FIRE DRAGON ROARS. The fire demons SURGE FORWARD. Thor backs up, HAMMERING AWAY. He then leaps back, SPRINGBOARDS off the wall, and- -LANDS HARD, SLAMMING Mjolnir down. The resulting shockwa KNOCKS BACK THE LEGION OF FIRE DEMONS. The Fire Dragon STRAINS against a chain leash. Thor is now facing off with Surtur. Surtur thrusts his ha at Thor, generating a humongous PROJECTILE WALL OF FIRE! Thor SPINS Mjolnir so fast that it creates a kind of SHIE The God of Thunder and the Fire Giant engage in ferocious hand-to-hand combat. Each landing power shots, sending sparks of both fire and electricity into the air. Thor SLIPS behind Surtur and TAKES OUT his knees. Thor th LAUNCHES HIGH into the air and summons a HUGE LIGHTNING B Descending hard, he uses all his power to- -LOP SURTUR'S HEAD OFF OF HIS BODY! Surtur's body DEFLATE and COLLAPSES into a heap of charred bones. Thor straps the crowned skull to his back. He turns to fi -the army of Fire Demons regrouping as reinforcements flo in, filling the space to capacity. Recognizing the threat Thor thrusts Mjolnir above his head.
1) 30) dialog: Heimdall. I know it's been a while, but I could use a fast exit! Nothing.   Thor just stands there as the Fire Demons adva
1) 31) dialog: ...Heimdall?
4) 0) text: Thor CRASHES out of the ground and LANDS on a craggy surf Disoriented and singed from the fire demon onslaught. Thor's cloak is on fire, and he frantically PATS OUT the flames. He picks up Mjolnir, holds it up once more. Nothi
4) 1) dialog: Heimdall, come on. THE GROUND SHAKES! Like an earthquake. Thor backs up as t ground begins to give way all around him. And then- -THE FEARSOME FIRE DRAGON BURSTS OUT OF THE GROUND! The dragon opens its tremendous jaws for an ear-splitting roa
4) 3) dialog: Stay. (looks up to the sky:)
4) 4) text: I'm running short on-- Thor notices that all around him the ground is CRUMBLING a field of sinkholes giving way to more snarling Fire Dem
4) 5) dialog: -options. Thor calls for Mjolnir and TAKES OFF.   The dragon SCREEC
5) 1) dialog: Heimdall? Behind Skurge the Bi-Frost starts MOVING.   One of the wo notices the Bi-Frost glowing.
6) 0) text: Thor is FLYING at top speed, but that dragon is right on heels! The fire demons LAUNCH flaming projectiles from be Thor looks back, genuinely nervous. The dragon is OPENING its jaws to swallow Thor whole when- -Suddenly Bi-Frost OPENS! The portal surrounds Thor and engulfs the dragon's head! In an instant, they're gone.
7) 0) text: Skurge has plunged Heimdall's sword into Bi-Frost. BOOM! Thor EXPLODES out of the portal along with the seve head of the dragon! SPLAT! Blood and guts RAIN DOWN on Skurge and the two women, DRENCHING them with purple gore The dragon's head SLIDES slowly across the floor, coming rest right in front of the women who are frozen in shock. The women SHRIEK and rush out of the Observatory. Thor meanwhile is clean and staggering back to his feet. He lo up to Skurge, who is wiping dragon guts off of himself.
7) 3) dialog: Who are you?
7) 6) dialog: Right.   Where's Heimdall?
7) 8) dialog: Traitor?
7) 11) dialog: Sure.
8) 0) text: THOR arrives with Surtur's skull. There's a small crowd making its way through a threshold which stands a monumental statue of Loki, arms out-stretc in the `savior' pose. Confused, Thor turns to a theater patron.
8) 1) dialog: What the hell is that?
9) 0) text: LOKI falls into frame, GASPING FOR BREATH... although it' not Loki. This is ACTOR LOKI and we're watching a STAGE P In the background, a single musician plays the haunting s from THOR: THE DARK WORLD on a pan flute. Suddenly, ACTOR THOR leans into shot, holding Actor Loki.
9) 6) text: In the middle of the audience we reveal ODIN, sitting upo chaise lounge, sipping wine and thoroughly enjoying the s Unseen, Thor arrives behind the audience and watches. ACTOR LOKI
9) 7) text: Sorry for all I've done. ACTOR THOR
9) 9) text: I'm sorry I tried to rule Earth. ACTOR THOR
9) 11) text: I'm sorry about that thing with the Tesseract. I just couldn't help myself. ACTOR THOR
9) 13) text: I'm a trickster. ACTOR THOR
9) 15) text: Sorry about that time I turned you into a frog. ACTOR THOR
9) 17) text: (to no-one in particular) Twas indeed hilarious. ACTOR THOR
9) 19) text: Tell my story. ACTOR THOR
9) 24) text: With my helmet on, with the big bendy horns. ACTOR THOR
9) 29) text: Loki, my boy...`Twas many moons ago I found you on a frost-bitten battlefield. Thor watches, incredulous. He then notices that a woman n to him is openly SOBBING at the play. ACTOR ODIN (CONT'D)
9) 32) dialog: Father. BLUE DRAFT 05/20/16                   12.
9) 33) text: Odin sees Thor taking a knee.   Curses under his breath: ODIN
9) 34) text: Oh, shit. (then, announcing) My son! Thor has returned! Greetings my boy. Odin goes through a weird internal transformation. His fluidity is replaced by a rigid and regal posture. He bat away his maiden and turns to Thor, who stands up. THOR
9) 36) text: The Tragedy of Loki of Asgard. The people wanted to commemorate him. THOR
9) 37) text: Indeed they should. (provoking) I like that statue. A lot better looking than he was when he was alive, though. A little less weasely. Less greasy maybe. Odin sours, masking his agitation.    Thor holds up the s THOR (CONT'D)
9) 39) text: The skull of Surtur? That's a formidable weapon. Thor approaches an E-Guard and hands it over. THOR
9) 41) text: So it's back to Midgard for you, is it? Thor starts YO-YOing Mjolnir, turns back to Odin. THOR
9) 42) text: Nope. I've been having this reocurring dream lately. (MORE) BLUE DRAFT 05/20/16                13. THOR (CONT'D)
9) 44) text: That's just a silly dream... Signs of an overactive imagination. THOR
9) 46) text: Well, it is best to respect our neighbors' freedom. THOR
9) 48) text: Yes, besides, I have been rather busy myself. THOR
9) 50) text: Board meetings, and security council meetings... THOR
9) 52) text: Do what? Thor SPINS Mjolnir and then HURLS it off into the distanc GRABS Odin by the back of the neck. Odin's royal attendants GASP in shock. The Einherjar bodyguards rush Thor, but he KICKS them away. THOR
9) 56) text: You've gone quite mad.     You'll be executed for this! Mjolnir approaches at a terrifying speed as Odin struggle THOR
9) 58) text: Alright, I yield! Thor DROPS Loki to the ground and catches Mjolnir. Loki looks to Thor, hands up defensively. Skurge arrives on th scene, a little late to warn Loki. SKURGE
9) 59) text: Behold!   Thor..Odinson. LOKI
9) 60) text: You had one job!    Just the one. THOR
9) 62) text: You just couldn't stay away, could you? Everything was fine without you. Asgard was prospering (gestures to the crowd) You've ruined everything. Ask them. Those who aren't freaked out are becoming gradually angri Thor advances on Loki, who backs up onto the chaise loung THOR
9) 64) text: You had what you wanted, you had the independence you asked for! Thor PRESSES Mjolnir onto Loki's chest.
10) 0) text: A NURSING HOME sign on a brick wall. Suddenly the wall crumbles out of shot, revealing a demolition site. Reveal Thor and Loki wearing street clothes. Thor carries umbrella, Loki is dressed in a weird avant-garde suit.
10) 2) dialog: Right here on the sidewalk? Or right there, where the building that's being demolished? Great planning.
10) 4) dialog: Then why do you dress like one?
10) 6) dialog: I can't believe you're alive. I saw you die. I mourned you, I cried for you.
10) 11) dialog: Sure. (to Loki:)
10) 15) dialog: She didn't dump me, you know.       I dumped her. It was a mutual dumping. Thor notices something going on around Loki.
10) 16) dialog: What's this, what are you doing!? Loki looks down to see that the sidewalk has started to G BENEATH HIM! A circle of ancient symbols.
10) 18) dialog: Loki? He picks up the card.    It reads: 177A Bleecker Street
10) 19) text: Thor picks up the card and - WHOOSH!
11) 0) text: Thor approaches 177A Bleecker Street. He knocks ONCE, TWICE, and then WHOOSH!
12) 0) text: Thor is suddenly inside Doctor Strange's lair! BLUE DRAFT 05/20/16                  17. STRANGE (O.S.)
12) 1) text: Thor Odinson. From a dark corner we glimpse a shape - DOCTOR STRANGE. Levitating, he drifts towards Thor. STRANGE (CONT'D)
12) 2) text: God of Thunder. Thor holds up the ratty umbrella, ready to defend himself STRANGE (CONT'D)
12) 3) text: You can put down the umbrella. Thor gives Strange a sideways look but then sets his umbr down. When he looks back up, the environment is furnished THOR
12) 5) text: The preferred term is "Master of the Mystic Arts." THOR
12) 7) text: My name is Doctor Stephen Strange and I have some questions for you. Take a seat. Thor and Strange are now sitting in high-backed chairs. STRANGE (CONT'D)
12) 8) text: Tea? Thor now has a cup of tea in his hand. THOR
12) 10) text: What do you drink? THOR
12) 11) text: Not tea. Thor now has a stein of beer in his hand. He drinks it throughout the scene, but it always stays full. BLUE DRAFT 05/20/16       18.
12) 13) dialog: He's a worthy inclusion.
12) 15) dialog: We're looking for my father.
12) 17) dialog: Promptly.
12) 19) dialog: If you knew where he was, why didn't you call me?
12) 21) dialog: No, I don't have a phone, but you could have sent an electronic letter. It's called an email.
12) 23) dialog: No. What for? (beat) Anyway, my father is no longer in exile. So if you could tell me where he is, I can take him home.
12) 29) dialog: Will you stop doing that?
12) 31) dialog: Let me explain something, my hair is not to be meddled wi-! Strange is behind Thor, he plucks a strand of hair. Strange extends the hair, infuses it with magic, does a f gestures that create a BRIGHT LIGHT and suddenly-
13) 0) text: Bottom of the stairs. Strange is standing. Thor is rollin down the stairs. A magic portal leading into a peaceful meadow has opened beside Strange.
13) 1) dialog: We could have just walked.
13) 4) dialog: All right. STRANGE
13) 6) dialog: Yes. Thor extends his arm and holds out his hand.    Crashing are heard. Lots of crashing noises.
13) 7) dialog: Sorry Finally the umbrella flies into his hand. THOR (CONT'D)
13) 11) text: (to Thor:) You can handle him from here. THOR
13) 15) dialog: Loki.
14) 1) dialog: Father? A lone figure stands at the other side of the meadow at t cliff's edge, waves CRASHING below. It is ODIN. He's dressed plainly in humble human clothes. The boys approach him quickly.
14) 3) dialog: Father, it's us.
14) 5) dialog: I know.    We've come to take you home.
14) 8) text: Took me quite a while to break free from your spell. Frigga would have been proud. Loki is moved by this gesture. He looks over to see Thor staring at him, anger building. Odin puts a hand on Thor's shoulder, calming him. ODIN (CONT'D)
14) 9) text: Come and sit with me. I don't have much time. Odin sits, out of breath, weak.    His sons sit beside hi THOR
14) 11) text: I failed you. (beat) It is upon us...Ragnarok. THOR
14) 13) text: No. It has already begun. She's coming. My life was all that held her back, but my time has come. I cannot keep her away any longer. THOR
14) 15) text: The Goddess of Death.     Hela.   My first born. (faces Thor) Your sister. That hits Thor hard. Loki can't believe what he's hearing THOR
14) 18) text: Her violent appetites grew beyond my control. I couldn't stop her, so I imprisoned her. Locked her away. She draws her strength from Asgard...and once she gets there, her powers will be limitless. THOR
14) 20) text: (takes Thor's hand) No we won't. I'm on a different path now. This you must face alone. Odin looks into Thor's eyes, struggling to breathe. ODIN (CONT'D)
14) 21) text: I love you my sons. For the briefest of instances, father and sons share a qu moment together. Tears well in Thor's eyes. ODIN (CONT'D)
14) 23) text: Remember this place. Home. A warm glow washes over Thor's face and he turns to see t
14) 25) text: Brother. Thor faces Loki.   Electricity CRACKLES at Thor's hands. THOR
14) 27) text: Thor SLAMS DOWN his umbrella, transforming into his Asgar armor (with Mjolnir). Loki changes into his armor as well A piercing scream cuts the air as a figure is hurtled out the portal, crashing out of this dimensional rift is HELA Hela takes a second to consider her surroundings.   Then: HELA
14) 28) text: So he's gone? (beat) That's a shame. I would've liked to have seen that. A tense moment as they stare each other down. THOR
14) 29) text: You must be Hela.   I'm Thor, son of Odin. HELA
14) 32) text: You sound like him. Loki shifts nervously.   Thor's grip tightens on Mjolnir. HELA (CONT'D)
14) 35) text: Kneel...before your Queen. THOR
14) 36) text: I don't think so. Thor winds up and HURLS Mjolnir at Hela... - THUD - the mighty hammer comes to a cold stop, against Hela's hand. Thor is shocked. He stretches out his hands, trying to ca Mjolnir back to him.
14) 38) dialog: It's not possible.
14) 41) dialog: No!! Hela CHARGES Thor and Loki as- -WHOOSH!   The Bi-Frost envelopes all of them.
15) 0) text: Thor and Loki ZOOM UPWARDS, held inside this celestial be warping them towards Asgard. Loki and Thor look down to see... Hela is in the Bi-Frost, behind them and CATCHING Loki turns and throws TWO DAGGERS at her. They find their mark, stalling her for a second. But she PLOWS RIGHT THRO Loki, KNOCKING HIM OUT OF THE BI-FROST. Gone in an instan
15) 1) dialog: Loki! Hela projects a jet black grappling hook and GRABS HOLD o Thor. Drawing him to her, preparing to finish him off. Th pulls up his legs, and KICKS Hela with both feet. This effectively dislodges him from her grasp but also... ...KNOCKS THOR OUT OF THE BI-FROST! Now both he and Loki gone. If they aren't dead, then God knows where they went
18) 0) text: SUPER WIDE: A sky full of WORMHOLES. Thor, only a spec at this distance, SHOOTS out of one of these wormholes. He H the surface, causing a CLOUD of dust. Find Thor on his back surrounded by strange colorful spac wreckage. Looking up, Thor sees a large metal object fall from a different wormhole! He rolls out of the way. THUD!
18) 2) text: Are you a fighter or are you food? THOR
18) 4) text: It is food. On your knees. Thor reaches out to summon Mjolnir.    A reflex.   Nothin The LEAD SCRAPPER levels a MAGNO-RIFLE at Thor and WHAP! solid metal projectile KNOCKS Thor flat on his back. More Scrappers attack, throwing nets and firing more projectil Thor tries to swat them away but they keep coming. The re of the scrappers move in with iron bats and clubs. WHOOSH! A second ship arrives, landing nearby. It's cool, sleek, and dangerous, deserving of its name: WARSONG. It also BLASTING DIFFERENT WEIRD ALIEN MUSIC. The FRONT of Warsong FLIPS OPEN and a GANGPLANK extends d to the ground. The scrappers stop and stare as we TRACK I a HERO REVEAL of SCRAPPER #142 (S142 for short) - a beaut and ruthless asskicker. S142 lifts a half-empty bottle to her lips and CHUGS it. finishes the bottle and smashes it on the side of her shi
18) 12) dialog: Thank you. From her belt S142 FLICKS a small glowing disc which LODG into Thor's NECK. Far in the background, the Scrapper she threw finally HITS the ground with a loud THUD. She holds up a fob device and presses the button - the di blinks and Thor is filled with the pain of a thousand screaming squirrels. He hits the ground, stunned. S142 DRAGS Thor towards her ship.
19) 0) text: Thor's face SMUSHED up against glass.   His eyes are open Thor's POV - THE CAPITAL - an eclectic city composed of salvaged items from all over the universe. Thor is lying in a sort of small GLASS HOLDING CELL benea Warsong's COCKPIT. He looks up to see S142 piloting the s Thor's eyes lock in on her belt, specifically the fob dev she used to activate the Obedience Disk/debilitate him.
19) 2) dialog: Hey!   Where are you taking me? S142 ignores him, takes a swig from the bottle, and then nonchalantly UNCLIPS the fob from her belt.
19) 3) dialog: Answer me! Hey! I am Thor, son of Odin. I need to get back to Asgard.
24) 0) text: THOR, strapped to the chair, suddenly finds himself slowl moving forward. After a beat- -the walls LIGHT UP and a SOOTHING VOICE speaks to him.
24) 4) text: It is the collection point for all lost and unloved things. Like you. But here on Sakaar, you are significant. You are valuable. Here, you are loved. THOR
24) 8) text: Where once you were nothing, now you are something. You are the property of the Grandmaster. (then:) Congratulations! You will meet the Grandmaster in five seconds. Images around the tunnel begin speeding up. Chaos, violen and confusion mixed in with Grandmaster's face. Thor, already bewildered, looks on the verge of panic. SOOTHING VOICE (V.O.)
25) 0) text: Suddenly Thor is somewhere else, surrounded weirdos and insanely dressed palace guards. His scream dies down self-consciously. A musical beat PLAYS in the background. THE GRANDMASTER, a tall mysterious man in golden robes. H looking right at us. He doesn't know what to make of us. curious, thrilled, revolted, and titillated. Pulling back we see TOPAZ, his trusty guard, at his side. GOLDEN LADIES loiter off to the side. Other strange guest can be seen in the background. Grandmaster just stares. S142 stands beside Grandmaster.    Finally:
25) 2) text: It is a he? Reveal S142 standing beside Thor.
25) 13) text: A contender. THOR
25) 15) text: I need to go closer. I want a closer look at this. Can you take us closer? Thank you. Grandmaster advances on Thor.    Examining him closely an strangely. Then: GRANDMASTER (CONT'D)
25) 16) text: Pay this lady. THOR
25) 17) text: Just wait a damn minute.    I'm not for sale. Using all his might, Thor breaks out of his shackles, but -S142 ZAPS him again.    Paralyzed by superheated veins. GRANDMASTER
25) 22) text: Topaz transfers S142 the units. Without sympathy or cerem S142 exits. THOR
25) 24) text: No, I got paid for this. Thor claws at the obedience disk, trying to RIP IT OUT. He gets some separation from his skin, but the disk is causing him even more pain. Thor eventually has to let go Grandmaster holds up HIS OWN fob device and uses it like wand to guide Thor's HOVER CHAIR, which follows Grandmast around as he speaks. GRANDMASTER
25) 25) text: Here's what I wanna know.    Who are you? THOR
25) 26) text: I am the God of THUNDER!!! Thor THRUSTS his arms into the air but only a tiny bit of static electricity POPS within Thor's hands. GRANDMASTER
25) 29) text: Oh good! (to Thor:) Yeah, come on. I think you're gonna like this. Grandmaster moves Thor's chair to another section where- -COUSIN CARLO is waiting. He's strapped to a chair like Thor, and he is terrified. GRANDMASTER (CONT'D)
25) 30) text: There he is. Hey, cuz. We almost couldn't find you. What, have you been hiding? Cousin Carlo looks at Thor, cowering in fear.
25) 32) dialog: Hi. Carlo only further weeps.
25) 40) text: I'm stepping in it. I'm stepping in it. Look out! THOR
25) 45) text: Grandmaster and Thor arrive at a space where A GROUP OF MUSICIANS PLAY STRANGE INSTRUMENTS (the source of the mus thus far). Grandmaster joins them, still speaking to Thor Grandmaster begins PLAYING a strange piano-like contrapti riffing a melody over the existing music. GRANDMASTER (CONT'D)
25) 46) text: My name is Grandmaster. I preside over a little harlequinade called the Contest of Champions. People come from far and wide to unwillingly participate in it. And you, my friend, might just be part of the new cast. What do you say to that? THOR
25) 48) text: (amused) Ass-gard? (then:) One, two, three, four. Grandmaster really gets into his PLAYING. Grandmaster's guards and VIP guests start MOVING TO THE MUSIC. Thor takes a moment to look around at this bizarre specta unfolding around him. In doing so, he zeroes in on one particular group of VIPS, specifically... ...LOKI! He's lounging and dressed in Sakaarian garb. LOKI
25) 49) text: There was a wormhole in space and time beneath me. At that moment, I let go. THOR
25) 50) text: Loki!? Loki! Over here! Loki notices Thor. Blanches a little. Sidles closer so as to speak to Thor without looking like he's speaking to Th LOKI
25) 51) text: Excuse me one second. THOR
25) 54) text: What?   You're alive? THOR
25) 56) text: What are you doing here? THOR
25) 58) text: I didn't get a chair. THOR
25) 61) dialog: What? LOKI
25) 62) text: I've made friends with this man. He's called the Grandmaster. THOR
25) 65) dialog: Weeks ago?     I just got here. Suddenly Grandmaster is right next to them. GRANDMASTER
25) 66) text: What are you whispering about? Both Thor and Loki react, startled. GRANDMASTER (CONT'D)
25) 69) text: In any case, you know this... You call yourself Lord of Thunder? THOR
25) 71) text: I've never met this man in my life. THOR
25) 74) text: Is he any kind of a fighter? Loki shrugs, gives the universal gesture for "so-so." THOR
25) 76) text: Now listen to that. He's threatening me. Hey, Sparkles, here's the deal. If you wanna get back to Ass-place, Assberg... THOR
25) 78) text: Any contender who defeats my champion, their freedom they shall win. THOR
25) 82) dialog: Loki! Guards arrive.    They haul Thor up and escort him out.
26) 0) text: Thor is shoved into a spacious cell where other alien prisoners are lurking in the back. The thick cell door SLAMS SHUT behind Thor. Thor gets up immediately begins THROWING his shoulder into the door. T door doesn't budge, not even a little. Behind him, KORG, a hulking Kronan rock alien, speaks up.
26) 4) dialog: You're a Kronan, aren't you?
26) 6) dialog: How'd you end up in here?
26) 9) text: Except for my mom and her boyfriiend, who I hate. As punishment, I was forced to be in here and become a gladiator. Bit of a promotional disaster. (secretive) But I'm actually organizing another revolution. I don't know if you'd be interested in something like that. Do you reckon you'd be interested? Thor tries to run ahead down the circle and loops back ar behind Korg. THOR
26) 11) text: Yeah, no. This whole thing is a circle. But not a real circle, more like a freaky circle. THOR
26) 13) text: No, nothing makes sense here. The only thing that does make sense, is that nothing makes sense. THOR
26) 15) text: Doug has. Doug! (realizes) Oh, right, Doug's dead. That's right. Everyone who fights the Grandmaster's champion perishes. THOR
26) 19) dialog: Yes I am. Fight him, win, and get the hell out of this place.
31) 0) text: Thor sits against the wall.   Quietly praying.
31) 1) dialog: Odin, I bid you take your place in the halls of Valhalla... (then:) Where the brave shall live forever. Nor shall we mourn but rejoice-
31) 4) text: Thor picks up some stones that have fallen from Korg's le and casually starts throwing them through Loki's illusion
31) 6) text: Thor throws another stone through Loki.
31) 8) text: Thor throws another stone through Loki. BLUE DRAFT 05/20/16                    46. LOKI (CONT'D)
31) 9) text: Look, I couldn't jeopardize my position with Grandmaster, it took me time to win his trust. He's a lunatic, but he can be amenable. Thor throws another stone through Loki.    Disinterested. LOKI (CONT'D)
31) 10) text: What I'm telling you is, you could join me at the Grandmaster's side. Perhaps, in time, an accident befalls the Grandmaster, and then... Loki gestures: "we take over." Thor throws another stone through Loki.    Bored. LOKI (CONT'D)
31) 11) text: You're not seriously thinking of going back, are you? Our sister destroyed your hammer like a piece of glass. She's stronger than both of us. She's stronger than you. You don't stand a chance. Do you understand what I'm saying to you? Thor just scowls. LOKI (CONT'D)
31) 12) text: Fine. I guess I'll just have to go it alone. Like I've always done. (Thor smirks) Would you say something? Now out of stones, Thor looks around the floor for more. LOKI (CONT'D)
31) 13) text: Say something! Thor finally looks right at Loki, speaks fast and curt: THOR
31) 14) text: What would you like me to say? You faked your own death, you stole the throne, stripped Odin of his power, stranded him on Earth... (on Loki:) -to die, releasing the Goddess of Death. (back to Thor:) (MORE)
31) 16) dialog: Have I said enough, or do you do you want me to go further back than the past two days? Loki's eyes burn.   Thor stares coldly at him.   Loki tri compose himself.
32) 0) text: Thor, Korg, and a gaggle of other prisoners/fighters have been led from their cells to a PRE-FIGHT HOLDING AREA. Korg and Thor are by the weapons rack.
32) 2) text: Thor...wanna use a big wooden fork?
32) 3) dialog: No.
32) 5) dialog: I really wish I had my hammer.
32) 9) text: You rode a hammer? THOR
32) 11) text: The hammer rode you on your back? THOR
32) 15) text: Sounds like you had a pretty special and intimate relationship wiht this hammer and that losing it was almost comparable to losing a loved one. THOR
32) 16) text: That's a nice way of putting it. Thor spots S142 dealing at the bar.    He's once again ey the fob device clipped to her belt.    Scowls. SCRAPPER #142
32) 17) text: I said they're mine. THOR
32) 22) dialog: Asgardian? Thor breaks away from the line and runs to S142.
32) 23) dialog: Hey!   Hey! S142 holds up the fob. THOR (CONT'D)
32) 24) text: Do not zap me with that thing. I just wanna talk. Asgard is in danger. Thor then notices a series of PATTERNED SCARS, or BRANDS, her forearms. It's a moment of recognition and disbelief. THOR (CONT'D)
32) 27) text: Lord of Thunder, you're up. THOR
32) 30) text: Fine, then you must be a traitor or a coward because the Valkyrie are sworn to protect the throne. S142 finally turns her attention to Thor, intense.
33) 0) text: Thor is strapped to a chair. Reveal a weird alien BARBER (Stan Lee cameo) holding up some rusty shears.
33) 2) dialog: By Odin's beard, you shall not cut my hair... lest you feel the wrath of the might Thor. Barber activates a menacing CUTTING TOOL.   Thor freaks o
33) 3) dialog: Please. Please, kind sir, do not cut my hair! No!
34) 3) text: Making his first appearance, though he looks quite promising, got a couple of tricks up his sleeve. I'll say no more, see what you think. Ladies and gentlemen... (LAUGHTER from the crowd) I give to you...Lord of Thunder! Enter Thor. Gladiator Thor. Shaved head, trimmed beard, minimalist armor, covered in weapons. Two swords on his back, giant mace in one hand, spiked shield in the other. GRANDMASTER (CONT'D)
34) 4) text: Watch out for his fingers. They make sparks. Thor looks up at the throngs of SCREAMING FANS. And then. ...puts on his helmet. A badass gladiator variation of hi classic winged helm. Thor is ready to rumble. ABOVE: Find Valkyrie in her Warsong ship, parked amongst other tailgaters. She POPS open a bottle of booze. Drinks GRANDMASTER (CONT'D)
34) 5) text: Okay, this is it. Let's get ready to welcome this guy. Here he comes. He is a creature. What can we say about him? Well, he's unique. There's none like him. I feel a special connection with him. Suddenly the floor beneath Thor's feet LOWERS.   A slow, tension-building GRIND as he sees- -A DOOR across the arena.   Bigger and bigger.
34) 7) text: He's undefeated. HE'S THE REIGNING...HE'S THE DEFENDING... Ladies and gentlemen... I give you... KA-BOOM!   EXPLODING through a door is the Champion... ...THE INCREDIBLE HULK! He wears an armored shoulder guar and a Spartan helmet. He carries a warhammer in one hand a battleaxe in the other. Hulk POUNDS his chest and ROARS further energizing an already frenzied crowd. Meanwhile, the sight of Hulk makes Thor's arms drop to hi sides along with his jaw dropping to the ground. And then -Thor LAUGHS his ass off. Like, "that's my buddy over the THOR
34) 14) text: Banner, I never thought I would say this, but I'm happy to see you. IN THE ARENA: Hulk is still eyeballing Thor while the capacity crowd CHANTS insanely for "HULK! HULK! HULK!" THOR (CONT'D)
34) 18) text: What are you doing?    It's me. Thor DODGES the first few attacks, but then Hulk SHATTERS shield and sends Thor FLYING. Thor draws a sword and STABS it into the ground to slow h momentum. Draws the other sword and faces off against Hul THOR (CONT'D)
34) 19) text: Banner, we're friends. This is crazy. I don't want to hurt you! They engage again.   Hulk KICKS Thor, sending him SLAMMIN into the wall. GRANDMASTER
34) 20) text: Here we go. Thor jumps down just in time to avoid Hulk's warhammer, w HITS so hard that it remains lodged in the wall. With Hulk charging again, Thor RIPS the warhammer out of wall and WALLOPS Hulk with it. Hulk goes CRASHING alongside the arena. He ends up sprawl out in a pile of rubble, slightly dazed.
34) 22) text: Thor advances on Hulk with all the swagger. He takes off helmet and CALLS OUT to Hulk, provoking him. THOR
34) 23) text: Hey, big guy. The sun's getting real low. Hulk takes off his helmet.   Scowling.   Teeth GRINDING. THOR (CONT'D)
34) 24) text: That's it. The sun's going down. I won't hurt you anymore. No one will. WHOOSH! Thor is suddenly dragged out of frame. Hulk has Thor by the leg and is WHIPPING him against the arena flo Over and over and over again. IN THE VIP BOX: Loki's whole mood shifts. The joy returns his face, like "everything will be alright!" Loki LAUGHS. LOKI
34) 25) text: Yes! That's how it feels! (to Grandmaster:) I'm just a huge fan of the sport. Thor is SMASHED into the floor face first. Hulk ROARS and RUSHES Thor with his axe. THOR
34) 26) text: All right. Screw it. CLANG! The giant weapons CLASH! Now Thor and Hulk are fighting warhammer versus battleaxe... ...and Thor is winning! He's getting the better of these exchanges, using Hulk's aggression against him. Thor continually KNOCKS and/or TRIPS Hulk off his feet while evading all of Hulk's best attacks. THOR (CONT'D)
34) 27) text: I know you're in there, Banner. I'll get you out! One particular vicious blow DISARMS Hulk, and Thor BREAKS Hulk's axe with the warhammer. Thor then BASHES Hulk in t chest, KNOCKING him to the ground. THOR (CONT'D)
34) 29) text: GROWLING, Hulk stands up and HITS Thor with a straight ja that sends Thor TUMBLING across the arena. Hulk immediate LEAPS after him and LANDS ON Thor! Hulk is now on top of Thor as they slide across the arena just PUMMELING him with punches. Left-right-left-right. Thor's head snaps back and forth. In the carnage, Thor sees VISIONS OF ODIN.   Then- -his eyes GLOW WHITE WITH ELECTRICITY. Like an instinctua defense mechanism, Thor suddenly KNOCKS HULK BACK WITH A
34) 32) text: Thunder! Thunder! Thunder! The crowd gets hushed.   They've never seen this before. IN THE VIP BOX: Grandmaster is pissed.   Loki is amazed. Hulk and Thor stagger to their feet. Thor looks at himsel a little surprised. There are still small charges of lightning CRACKLING through his veins. Meanwhile, Hulk RUMBLES towards Thor and they're at it ag close-quarters boxing. Thor is winning the exchanges, landing BRUTAL PUNCHES to Hulk's body. And then suddenly- -BZZZ! The Grandmaster ZAPS him with the Obedience Disk f Thor drops, totally caught off guard! Hulk plants his feet and JUMPS! He ZOOMS UP, rocketing ou of the arena, up-up-up into the sky! At the apex of his j Hulk clenches his fist and begins a missile-like descent. Val sees this from her ship and decides to take off, like "This fight is over, time to beat traffic." KORG (CONT'D)
34) 33) text: Another day, another Doug. Down below, Thor groggily turns over. He does so just in time to see Hulk coming at him like an atom bomb! No time to avoid it. KA-BOOM!!! Right before impact Thor' eyes go lightning white. Hulk HITS Thor like a meteor.
40) 0) text: Thor's eyes POP OPEN. He's lying in a heap on the ground, still dirty, bruised, and beat up. Thor is being tended to by TWO SAKAARIAN GLADIATOR NURSES are swabbing his wounds. This freaks him out, which resul in startled thrashing. That freaks out the two Gladiator nurses, which results in them RUNNING AWAY.
40) 2) text: Are we cool? Hulk grunts.   I guess so. THOR (CONT'D)
40) 5) dialog: Like this.     Big, green, ...stupid. HULK
40) 6) text: Hulk always Hulk. Thor takes this in, and then walks over to a window that looks out across the city. Does some spatial math, realiz Thor looks back out the window. He sees a ramshackle SPACESHIP taking off and ROCKETING skyward. Higher and higher, it's going for a wormhole whe -BOOM! One of Grandmaster's Palace Patrol ships, more mod and heavy duty, BLOWS it out of the sky. On Thor, wheels turning.      He turns to Hulk. THOR
40) 13) text: Yes.   Where is the Quinjet now? Hulk stands up, and exits the hot tub, naked. THOR (CONT'D)
40) 19) text: Rag-na-ruh? THOR
40) 24) text: You're Banner's friend. THOR
40) 26) text: Banner's friend. THOR
40) 28) text: Thor go. Hulk Stay. THOR
40) 29) text: Fine. Stay here. Stupid place. It's hideous, by the way. The red, the white. Just pick a color. Thor heads for the exit, a wide open door.
40) 32) text: I smashed you. THOR
40) 35) dialog: What?
40) 38) dialog: Moron!   You big child.
40) 39) text: Thor heads to the open entrance.      Hulk smiles, antici
40) 41) dialog: I am going.
40) 42) text: ZAP! Thor's jolted back by the obedience disk.       Ther perimeter sensors in the doorway. Hulk CHUCKLES at Thor as he hits the floor.      Points.
40) 46) dialog: That's great. Have fun.
40) 47) text: Hulk exits. Thor watches him go. Then, at the end of the hallway Hulk meets up with Valkyrie! They begin play- fighting, a clearly friendly rapport. Thor can't believe it. He runs to the entrance, but by th time he reaches the perimeter sensors they are gone. Thor sighs. Walks over to the window. Looks up through a wormhole, stars twinkling on the other end of it.
40) 48) dialog: A57               Heimdall, I know you can see me. Thor continues his plea at the window.
40) 49) dialog: I need you to help me. Help me see.
40) 50) text: Pause. Then Thor's eyes go golden like Heimdall's! stars in the wormhole begin to WARP OVER THOR AND-
41) 0) text: Thor suddenly finds himself in Asgard. Disoriented at fir Thor turns to see Heimdall hiding in the shadows. Heimdall harshly SHUSHES Thor and gestures for him to get against the wall. Thor complies. Sees the refugees. After a beat a roving patrol of Hela's Butchers creep by through the street. They don't spot our heroes. Pause. Heimdall turns to Thor, speaks only in hushed whispers.
41) 2) dialog: What's going on here?
41) 5) dialog: You're talking about evacuating Asgard?
41) 8) text: She draws her power from Asgard and grows stronger everyday. Back to Thor and Heimdall.
41) 10) text: Hela is ravenous. If I let her leave, she'll consume the Nine Realms and all the cosmos. Turns back to Thor, approaches him. HEIMDALL (CONT'D)
41) 11) text: We need you. THOR
41) 14) dialog: Which one? Heimdall RIPS into the attacking Butchers, CUTTING them d HEIMDALL
41) 15) text: The big one! WHOOSH!   SUDDENLY THOR'S GONE!     BLACK. After slashing through the Butchers, Heimdall moves towar the house where he hid the family... and then abruptly st Heimdall turns slightly.       He sees something. BINOCULARS POV: Heimdall looking right at us, the Bi-Fros sword visible in his hand. Reveal Skurge on a palace tower balcony, surveilling the with Asgardian E-noculars. Skurge lowers the E-noculars. There is conflict on his face. He knows that he should re this to Hela immediately...yet he doesn't spring into act
42) 0) text: Thor absentmindedly fidgets with his Obedience Disk. THUD! THUD! THUD! ...resonates around the room.   Hulk st up to Thor, looking inquisitively down at him.
42) 2) dialog: Shut up. Hulk HITS Thor, bullying him into opening up.
42) 5) dialog: I'm not sad, you idiot. I'm pissed off! Angry. I lost my father. I lost my hammer. THUD! THUD! He turns to see Hulk punching his pillow. Hulk stops. Stares.
42) 7) dialog: You're not even listening. Thor KICKS a random helmet.
42) 9) dialog: You're being a really bad friend.
42) 11) dialog: You know what we call you?
42) 13) dialog: We call you the stupid Avenger.
42) 15) text: You're tiny Avenger! Hulk throws a shield that nearly decapitates Thor. THOR
42) 18) text: You know what? Earth does hate you. Hulk gets sad.   Wanders over to his bed to mope. Thor realizes he went to far.    Joins Hulk on the bed.
42) 23) text: I know. I'm sorry.     I just get so angry all the time.    Hulk always, always angry. THOR
42) 25) text: Yeah, same. Hulk like fire, Thor like water. THOR
42) 28) text: But Hulk like real fire. Hulk like raging fire. Thor like smoldering fire. THOR
42) 32) text: What's going on? What do you...? Hulk steps away, allowing Valkyrie to see Thor. Her smile disappears. She stares at Hulk, so annoyed. Hulk mopes a little. Like, "I done bad." Turns back to Thor: VALKYRIE (CONT'D)
42) 33) text: You're so thick-headed that you can't tell when someone's hiding all the way across the universe and wants to be left alone? THOR
42) 35) text: No, you want to talk to me. Valkyrie turns to leave. THOR
42) 39) text: All right. Here's the deal. I'll listen to you till this is empty. She TIPS BACK the bottle and starts CHUGGING. THOR
42) 41) text: Finished. Bye. She has indeed finished. She goes to leave. THOR
42) 42) text: Odin is dead. Valkyrie stops short (the BALL BANGING noise continues). silence speaks volumes. Thor has a realization. THOR (CONT'D)
42) 44) text: If Hela's back then Asgard is already lost. THOR
42) 46) text: Alone? THOR
42) 48) text: No team.   Only Hulk. THOR
42) 50) text: I think it's only you. THOR
42) 52) text: I'm not getting dragged into another one of Odin's family squabbles. THOR
42) 55) text: When it grew beyond Odin's control, she massacred everyone in the palace and tried to seize the throne. When she tried to escape her banishment, he sent the Valkyrie in to fight her back. I only survived because... (trails off, brooding) Look, I already faced her once back when I believed in the throne, and it cost me everything. THAT'S what's wrong with Asgard. The throne, the secrets, the whole golden sham. Pause. Thor moves towards Valkyrie, goes to put a comfort hand on her shoulder. THOR
42) 58) text: Don't get familiar. THOR
42) 59) text: I agree. That's why I turned down the throne. But this isn't about the crown. This is about the people. They're dying and they're you're people, too. Val SHOVES him away.    Thor stumbles back.
42) 65) dialog: Thank you.
42) 67) dialog: For this. Reveal that Thor has lifted the fob device off Val's belt THOR (CONT'D)
42) 68) text: Didn't see that did you? Thor presses the button and ALL THE OBEDIENCE DISKS EMBED IN HIS NECK AND BELT POWER DOWN! Confident smirk. THOR (CONT'D)
42) 71) dialog: I choose to run toward my problems and not away from them. Because that's what... Thor HURLS IT at the MAIN WINDOW - It bounces off, hittin Thor in the face. He stands, facing Valkyrie.
42) 72) dialog: Because that's what heroes do. Thor then SMASHES THROUGH THE WINDOW!   Hulk STANDS...
43) 0) text: Thor is sliding down the SIDE of the GRANDMASTER'S TOWER. He LAUNCHES HIMSELF OFF THE BUILDING and hurtles downward LANDING casually on the street below. Finally free.
44) 0) text: Thor is HAULING ASS. Never slowing down, Thor keeps the top of the arena in si A few blocks back: Hulk is in pursuit. He's BUMPING peopl SWATTING vehicles out of the way, just being a menace. On Sakaar, the citizens APPLAUD for him! Even when Hulk DEMOLISHES a man's food cart, the man CHEERS Hulk on!
45) 0) text: Thor SPRINTS in.   Looks around.   Man, this place is big He RUNS down aisles of crushed and stripped spacecrafts, giant smelter, and then into what looks like a used car l And then he sees it.   The Quinjet!
46) 0) text: Thor enters and rushes to the controls.
46) 2) dialog: All right.     Come on. He is pressing buttons and flipping switches.   After a b -the flight deck POWERS UP! Thor places his hand on a pad which SCANS his handprint. Lights up green. QUINJET (V.O.)
46) 4) dialog: Thor. QUINJET (V.O.)
46) 5) text: Access denied. THOR
46) 6) text: Thor, son of Odin. QUINJET (V.O.)
46) 7) text: Access denied. THOR
46) 9) text: Access denied. THOR
46) 11) text: Access denied. THOR
46) 13) text: Access denied. THOR
46) 15) text: Welcome, Point Break. CAH-RUNCH! Hulk BARGES IN through the Quinjet door! The Hulk approaches, scowling. Any metal that stands in h way PEELS BACK. Frantic, Thor turns to the Quinjet's cons
46) 17) text: Friend stay! THOR
46) 22) text: Nice work, big guy. We don't know where Ultron's headed, but you're going very high, very fast. Hulk stops short.    His whole demeanor changes. Thor steps out of the way so that Hulk can see a recorded message from NATASHA ROMANOFF on the console. NATASHA (V.O.)
46) 26) text: Thor rushes to Banner's side to help ease the transition. THOR
46) 28) text: ...Thor? THOR
46) 30) text: What happened to your hair? THOR
46) 32) text: It looks good. THOR
46) 34) text: Where are we? How's Nat? THOR
46) 36) text: And what about Sokovia? THOR
46) 38) text: The city, Sokovia.   Did we save it? THOR
46) 40) text: What? THOR
46) 43) text: What are you saying? I've been Hulk for two years? THOR
46) 45) text: What the hell happened? Banner rushes to his feet.      Thor follows. THOR
46) 49) text: Welccome, Strongest Avenger. THOR
46) 52) text: Thor, where are we?
46) 57) text: Who's that? THOR
46) 63) text: Doesn't sound right. THOR
46) 67) dialog: Seductive GOD of Thunder.    We need to move.
46) 69) dialog: No, no, no. Don't freak out. You're okay. Put these on. Thor tosses Banner some clothes.    Banner looks at them.
46) 71) dialog: I know, come on.
46) 73) dialog: No, he's not here. But listen. Just stay calm, okay? The sun's going down. The sun's getting really low. Sun's going down.
51) 0) text: BANNER sits, groaning, head in his hands. THOR is beside him, rubbing his back and on the lookout for threats.
51) 1) dialog: The sun's going down. It's getting really low. The sun's going down. It's getting real low.
51) 3) dialog: I just need you to stay calm.
51) 5) dialog: It's just a planet.   You've been on a planet before.
51) 7) dialog: Now you've been on two. That's a good thing. It's a new experience.
51) 12) dialog: Alright, well, you're back now, that's all that matters.
51) 14) dialog: We're not stranded, I'm gonna figure out a way to get us home.
51) 16) dialog: Not your home, though.   Asgard.
51) 18) dialog: Listen, my people are in great danger. You and I, we have to fight this really powerful being who also happens to be my sister.
51) 20) dialog: No, she's an evil being.
51) 23) text: If I turn into the Hulk, I am never gonna come back again. And you don't care. THOR
51) 26) dialog: What?   No! BANNER
51) 27) text: It's gross. You don't care about me. You're not my friend. THOR
51) 31) text: Yeah, Banner's powerful and useful, too. THOR
51) 33) text: How many PhDs does Hulk have? Zero. How many PhDs does Banner have? Seven. THOR
51) 34) text: Fine, you don't have to fight anyone. But we're in danger here, so we have to move. Thor grabs a towel from the ground next to him. He puts t towel over his head. BANNER
51) 38) text: I need a disguise. THOR
51) 40) text: I'll be Tony Stark. THOR
51) 42) text: Yeah.   Tony and the gypsy. THOR
51) 44) text: Then why did you dress me up like Tony? THOR
51) 46) text: Okay, I'll give you that. They stand up. Banner adjusts his crotch. THOR
51) 48) text: Tony wears his pants super tight! THOR
51) 50) text: I don't know. Maybe the fact that I was trapped for two years inside of a monster made me a little weird. Banner flashes green.    Thor calms him down.
51) 52) dialog: Hey. It's okay. You're good. Calm down. Come on. Listen, we're gonna go to Asgard and you're not gonna have to think about the Hulk ever again. All right?
52) 0) text: It's a massive street festival where revelers dance and c while throwing powdered paint at each other... in celebra of Hulk! Green EVERYWHERE! Inside the parade it is total chaos. Thor searches for Ba as he's PELTED with green powder. Pandemonium. In the cro Thor sees a pack of SCRAPPERS on the hunt for the reward. Thor spots Banner. He surges forward, GRABS Banner, and pulls him into another alley, but sees- -Valkyrie is approaching from down the alley!
52) 1) dialog: This is bad. Banner!     Banner! Thor pulls Banner back into the crowd. Thor briefly turns see that he is no longer holding Banner's - it's the arm SMALL ALIEN who squeals in fright. Thor sees Banner across the crowd. Thor MUSCLES his way through the madness, knocking rowdy aside. He reaches Banner and holds him protectively, awkwardly trying to rub his shoulders. One of the aliens Thor knocked aside turns out to be a MASSIVE SCRAPPER. He rears up, turning on Thor and Banner WHAM! From out of nowhere, Valkyrie CLOCKS this Scrapper with a brass knuckle right cross. The Scrapper DROPS. Thor looks at Val while clutching Banner like a child.
52) 2) dialog: Hi.
52) 5) dialog: I was gonna do that.
52) 7) dialog: That's good. What are you doing here?
52) 9) dialog: I got sidetracked.
52) 11) dialog: It's my disguise.
52) 13) dialog: (covers his face)
52) 15) text: Your hair looks nice. I like what you did with it. Change it? Washed it maybe? Valkyrie just rolls her eyes, takes Thor by the arm.
53) 0) text: Valkyrie escorts Thor and Banner through the street.
53) 3) dialog: He's a friend.
54) 2) dialog: I was thinking that you drink too much, and that probably was going to kill you.
54) 4) dialog: Good. They arrive at a door.     Before they enter:
54) 6) dialog: Yeah, it's called the Revengers.
54) 9) dialog: Because I'm getting revenge. You're getting revenge. (to Banner:)
54) 12) dialog: Okay.
55) 4) dialog: Just had to be sure.
55) 8) text: Val lays something on the bed. Unwraps it to reveal AN OL ASGARDIAN SWORD. Thor's eyes go wide as she sharpens it. THOR
55) 10) text: It is. THOR
55) 13) text: Refuel on Xandar and be back in Asgard in around 18 months. THOR
55) 14) text: Nope. We're going through that one. Thor points at the nightmare tornado wormhole over the oc VALKYRIE
55) 16) text: Wait, whose anus are we going through? THOR
55) 19) text: We need another ship.   That would tear mine to pieces. THOR
55) 21) text: Banner gives Thor a quizzical look. BANNER
55) 25) text: I feel like I know you, too. It's weird. THOR
55) 26) text: (to Banner:) What do you say, doctor? Uncharted metagalactic travel through a volatile cosmic gateway. Talk about an adventure. Thor and Banner high five as Val stares at them blankly.
55) 32) text: And in exchange for codes and access to a ship I'm asking for safe passage...through the anus. THOR
55) 36) text: He did try to kill me. THOR
55) 39) text: Why not set the beast loose? THOR
55) 41) text: You guys have a beast? THOR
55) 45) dialog: I'll explain later.
55) 47) dialog: I'll explain later.
59) 0) text: Thor waits as Loki enters codes to a door's security pane
59) 1) dialog: Hey, so listen, we should talk.
59) 3) dialog: You have no idea. I've had quite the revelation since we spoke last. The door opens, revealing a bunch of guards.
59) 5) dialog: Hello!
59) 8) dialog: Thought you didn't want to talk about it?
60) 0) text: Thor and Loki are going up.
60) 2) dialog: That's exactly what I was thinking.
60) 4) dialog: This place is perfect for you. It's savage, chaotic, lawless. Brother, you're going to do GREAT here.
60) 6) dialog: Loki, I thought the world of you. I thought we were gonna fight side by side forever. But, at the end of the day, you're you, I'm me...
60) 9) text: I don't know, maybe there's still good in you, but let's be honest, our paths diverged a long time ago. Loki is wounded by Thor's willingness to discard him. his feelings with: LOKI
60) 10) text: It's probably for the best that we never see one another again. Beat.   Thor pats Loki affectionately on the shoulder. Hold on Loki. Did Thor just get through to him? THOR
60) 11) text: That's what you always wanted. Beat.   Then: THOR (CONT'D)
60) 19) text: It's humiliating. THOR
61) 0) text: Multi-tiered platforms with dozens of cool spaceships. The elevator doors open. Thor supports Loki's weight with Loki faking a fatal injury.
61) 1) dialog: Get help! Please! My brother, he's dying. A small group of Sakaarian guards turn toward Thor and Lo One guard aims his gun at them.
61) 2) dialog: Get help! Help him! Thor picked up Loki and flings him at the guards, knockin them down like bowling pins. Loki stands up and Thor step to Loki's side.
61) 3) dialog: Classic.
61) 5) dialog: Not for me, it's not.
61) 6) dialog: Which one's the ship she told us to get?
61) 8) text: The Commodore. The COMMODORE starship. Brand new, solidly built, sleek. As they walk towards it a DUPLICATE LOKI FORMS and LAGS BEHIND. The Loki walking with Thor is an illusion.
61) 11) dialog: Oh, Loki. Loki turns to see Thor looking not at all surprised.
62) 1) dialog: Never one for sentiment, were you?
62) 3) dialog: I agree. BZZZT! Thor ZAPS Loki and HOLDS DOWN the button. Loki HIT the ground, WRITHING in pain. Thor approaches. Pause.
62) 4) dialog: Oh brother, you're becoming predictable. I trust you, you betray me. Round and round in circles we go. Thor continues to "think about it" for a beat while Loki convulses in agony on the floor. Finally, Thor kneels dow
62) 5) dialog: See, Loki, life is about, it's about growth. It's about change. But you seem to just wanna stay the same. I guess what I'm trying to say is that you'll always be the God of Mischief, but you could be more. I'll just put this over here for you.
62) 7) dialog: Anyway, I got places to be so good luck.
63) 0) text: Thor is seen in the cockpit.
63) 1) dialog: All right, I can figure this out. It's just another spaceship.
64) 0) text: The massive garage doors OPEN. This sets off BLARING ALAR to alert the palace of this unauthorized departure. The Commodore ship LIFTS OFF from the garage. In the cock Thor pushes forward on the throttle. The ship ZOOMS ahead
66) 0) text: Thor's ship and Val's ship now ZIP through the city in tandem. On the horizon we can see-
67) 0) text: Thor in the pilot's seat.     Val comes in over the radio
69) 0) text: Thor at the controls. We hear an incoming scream of increasing volume. "aaaaaaaaaAAAAAAAAAHHHHHH!!!!!" THUNK!   Banner is SHOT UP into the ship. ROUGH LANDING. Banner casually lifts his arm up and gives a THUMBS UP. CLUNK! CLUNK! CLUNK! CLUNK! The ship is being fired upon another pursuit vehicle. Banner joins Thor.
69) 2) dialog: Yes, we should. (into the radio:)
69) 10) dialog: Yeah. Don't touch anything. CLUNK! CLUNK! CLUNK! More fire from behind.
71) 0) text: Meanwhile, Warsong ZOOMS out from under Thor's ship, stil ACCELERATING. Val has turned her ship into a missile, and its trajectory is the Grandmaster's Riot Control Ship! Grandmaster is still taunting his former captives below w -KA-BOOM! Warsong SLAMS into the Statesman, specifically Grandmaster's projection! Enlarged Grandmaster stumbles, struggling to maintain his balance. Warsong EXPLODES while the Statesman is knocked off kilte and goes down for a hard landing in the market!
72) 0) text: Thor and Banner witness the fiery explosion of Val's kami flight path!
72) 1) dialog: No! Thor experiences a brief instant of heartbreak/devastatio ...but then notices a spec coming out of the explosion. THWACK! Val hits the ship's windshield and grabs hold! Residual smoke wafting off of her.
73) 0) text: Thor pilots the ship out of the city into the Wastelands six Sakaarian fighter ships race after them in formation. The following dogfight will proceed across the Wastelands then out over the Sakaarian Ocean.
74) 1) dialog: Get inside!
76) 0) text: Thor and Banner exchange a look.   Pause.
76) 2) dialog: I should probably go and help. Thor abruptly exits, leaving Banner at the ship's control
76) 3) dialog: Here, take the wheel.
76) 5) dialog: You're a scientist.   Use one of your PhDs.
77) 0) text: Thor LEAPS into the middle of this high-speed dogfight! These two superhuman Asgardians begin jumping between the pursuer's ships, taking out guns, engines, and pilots wit their bare hands. It's spectacular and epic. Thor RIPS out an engine block and uses it to crush a pilo Val DRAGS her blades down the entire underbelly of a ship before BACKFLIPPING to another. Back and forth they go, even passing each other mid-fligh few times. One by one the Sakaarian ships GO DOWN.
80) 0) text: Thor and Valkyrie join Banner in the cockpit.
85) 0) text: Banner, Thor, and Valkyrie are all unconscious. Banner wa up and looks outside, the stars reflected in the windshie Thor and Valkyrie wake up. Outside they see- -THE REALM OF ASGARD, a flat city in the middle of an isl floating in space.
85) 9) dialog: Okay, drop me off at the palace and I'll draw her away.
85) 11) dialog: The people trapped down there are all that matters. While I'm dealing with Hela, I need you two to help get everyone off Asgard.
85) 14) dialog: I have a man on the ground.
87) 0) text: Valkyrie is helping Thor load a MASSIVE ASGARDIAN BLASTER into the side of the Commodore.
87) 1) dialog: Now the ship has guns.
87) 3) dialog: I found this in the armory. Val immediately recognizes its significance. She doesn't want to be affected by this gesture, but can't help it. They share a look as the Commodore lifts off into the air Before she's out of earshot, Val calls down:
88) 0) text: Thor's footsteps ECHO through the empty space. He sees th items from the vault scattered beside the throne. Thor sees a chunk of plaster from the dismantled fresco. picks it up and sees that this piece of fresco bears a portion of his own face. Thor then looks up, off camera. His eyes go wide. He looks up at the ceiling where his painting used to be and finds the original which depicts and Hela conquering the nine realms, with Hela's butchers around them. Hela holds Mjolnir.
92) 0) text: Banner flies the Commodore out across the city. Val puts on her gloves, cuff on her forearm, boots, and breastplate. She grabs her dragonfang sword and puts it a her side. Val mans the Blaster, and we see that she's cha into the CLASSIC WHITE &amp; GOLD VALKYRIE ARMOR (Thor's Bad ass.
94) 0) text: Find Thor on the throne holding GUNGNIR - THE KING'S SPEA Odin's signature spear. SLAMMING the butt of it on the ground. GONG...GONG... Hela steps into the throne room.   Headdress &amp; cowl o Thor stops the GONGING when he sees Hela.
94) 1) dialog: Sister. Smiling, Hela gradually crosses the huge space towards Th
94) 3) dialog: I love what you've done with the place. Redecorating, I see.
94) 5) dialog: Or to cast it out. (then:)
94) 13) dialog: I understand why you're angry. And you are my sister, and technically have a claim to the throne. And believe me, I would love for someone else to rule. But it can't be you. You're just...the worst. Hela puts on her headdress.
94) 15) dialog: (standing up)
96) 0) text: Hela and Thor fight, Hela wielding twin black blades. They CLASH and Thor BLOCKS an attack with Gungnir.   They face to face, Hela glaring at Thor.
98) 0) text: Hela PINS thor against the wall.
98) 2) text: And you're nothing. Hela PROJECTS a large spiked lance, Thor barely rolls out the way before it PUNCTURES the wall. Thor HEADBUTTS Hela. It does nothing.   Hela responds wit own HEADBUTT. It does a lot.
102) 0) text: Hela has Thor by the throat.     She lifts him up to look the balcony's ledge.
102) 2) text: I'll get that sword even if I have to kill every single one of them to do it. Thor looks down.   Distraught.   Heartsick.
103) 4) text: Your savior is here! The fog dissipates around him, revealing that Loki's stan on THE GRANDMASTER'S SUPERCRUISER! For reasons that will become clear, we will henceforth call this ship THE ARK. And Loki is not alone. He's brought along all the prisone from the Contest of Champions. Armed with gladiator weapo The Ark slows to a stop at the middle of bridge. ABOVE: Even with Hela's hand on his throat, Thor can't he but smile at the sight of Loki. Hela however sneers. HELA
104) 0) text: Hela is perturbed, but not enraged. She turns her gaze ba to Thor for a final farewell.
105) 0) text: - where we find Thor (dressed and injured as he was on th balcony), back in the sweeping fields where we met Hela f the first time.
105) 2) dialog: She's too strong.   Without my hammer I cannot--
105) 5) dialog: It's too late. She's already taken Asgard.
105) 8) dialog: I'm not as strong as you.
106) 0) text: Thor looks up to the sky. She digs the blades deeper into Thor's chest. He groans i pain. Everything DARKENS as BLACK CLOUDS gather overhead.
107) 0) text: BOOM! Thor LANDS HARD on his feet. Muscles swollen, veins pulsing with electricity. A living storm. Thor DIVES INTO THE FRAY. He moves like a bolt of lightni SURGING through the army of Butchers in quick SLASHING JO
112) 0) text: Our heroes have drastically thinned down the herd of Butchers. It's pandemonium. The Ark's engines are deafening, but yo can still hear the sound of terrified people SCREAMING. Thor helps Loki to his feet.
112) 1) dialog: You're late.
112) 4) dialog: I think we should disband the Revengers.
112) 6) dialog: I just hit her with the biggest lightning blast in the history of lightning. It did nothing.
112) 11) text: I'm not doing "Get help." Thor sees Hela approaching. He sees the palace behind her comes to a realization. THOR
112) 13) text: (impressed) Bold move, brother. Even for me. Loki runs off, leaving Thor and Val to deal with Hela.
112) 14) dialog: Shall we?
115) 0) text: Thor continues FIGHTING Hela while Valkyrie BLOCKS Hela's attempts to spear the Asgardians from afar. Hela isn't landing any fatal blows, but she's carving Tho and making steady progress towards the Ark. However, the Asgardian refugees finally make it aboard. A injured Heimdall, Korg, and Miek are the last to get on. Thor and Heimdall make eye contact.    Thor calls out:
115) 1) dialog: GO!   GO NOW!
115) 2) text: As the Ark's engines begin to POWER UP- -Hela HARPOONS Thor.    He goes down, grimacing in pain. Hela begins to CONJURE AN ENORMOUS MANIFESTATION OF HER
120) 1) dialog: HELA!   Enough! Hela turns to see Thor, having yanked out the harpoon... ...and it looks like he's laying down his sword!
120) 2) dialog: You want Asgard? It's yours.
120) 4) dialog: No, but he can. KA-BOOM! EXPLODING through the roof of the palace is SURT This is a different Surtur than the opening. He is slowly but steadily GROWING in size, and he carries with him a massive flaming sword, which GROWS as well. Surtur's arrival literally SHAKES the bedrock of Asgard, causing FISSURES to spiderweb all around him, and DISLODG some of the foundation on the bridge and around the palac Hela's eyes go wide. She wasn't expecting this.
121) 0) text: In the background the Ark continues its ascent, now high above the city. Hela's attention is on Surtur as the palace COLLAPSES aro him. So she is unprepared for- -SHLNK! Mustering up all her remaining strength, Val DRIV Dragonfang through Hela's chest, effectively PINNING her the bridge. Refocused on Val, Hela goes to deliver a death blow when- -Thor BOLTS forward!   He PULLS Val from Hela's clutches. Thor turns and FIRES LIGHTNING INTO DRAGONFANG, which DISLODGES the section of the bridge that Hela is pinned t The ground beneath Hela BREAKS FREE and she goes FALLING into the expanding fissure in Asgard's bedrock. Badly injured, Thor and Valkyrie look up to see- -Surtur INCREASING in size, now towering over the palace.
121) 3) dialog: We're fulfilling the prophecy.
121) 5) dialog: So do I, but we have no choice. In the background, Hulk hops up onto the bridge.   Looks around, zeroing in on Surtur.
121) 8) dialog: We need to let him finish... (finally sees Hulk)
121) 10) dialog: Hulk no!   Stop it you moron!! It's not doing much damage, but the shock of it plus Hulk impact makes Surtur take a destructive step back. Hulk is trying to rip out one of Surtur's horns when Surt reaches up and GRABS HIM with a giant fiery hand. Surtur HURLS Hulk away from him.   Sends him CRASHING DOW Hulk stumbles to his feet, dazed and SMOKING. After gathe his bearings, Hulk gets REALLY ANGRY and heads back towar Surtur for round two, but-
121) 11) dialog: Hulk, just for once in your life, don't smash!
122) 0) text: Hulk lands gently, as though he were stepping out of bed. casually DROPS Thor and Val, both exhausted.
124) 3) dialog: What have I done?
126) 0) text: Thor looks at his reflection in a mirror. His wounds are bandaged, including his now missing eye. His armor is cle Thor takes a beat, as though trying to get used to the si of the man looking back at him.
126) 2) dialog: Perhaps you're not so bad after all, brother.
126) 4) dialog: Thank you, Loki. Thor picks up a soap dish.
126) 5) dialog: And if you were here, I might even give you a hug. Thor THROWS the dish at Loki.   Loki catches it.
128) 0) text: Thor steps out onto the main deck to see an assembly of b Asgardian and Sakaarian refugees awaiting their King. Thor looks over his people and begins to walk through the crowd. His subjects part, allowing him through. It is the antithesis of the opening coronation from the f THOR movie. The people aren't cheering and lauding him, b rather they are smiling. Humbly bowing. Grateful. And Thor isn't acting arrogant. Not trying to show off an swagger. He is stately. A contemplative and dignified kin At the end of the procession, Hulk, Loki, Valkyrie, and Heimdall stand next to the CAPTAIN'S CHAIR.
128) 4) dialog: I'm not sure. Any suggestions? Miek, what's your home planet? Angle on Korg, who is holding Miek (sans robot exoskeleto
128) 8) text: Thor looks forward, taking charge of this one.
128) 9) dialog: Earth it is.
129) 0) text: THOR and LOKI look out the window.
129) 2) dialog: Sure!   They love me there.
129) 4) text: Thor smiles, getting it.    Pats Loki on the shoulder.
129) 5) dialog: Probably not. But don't worry, brother...I've got a feeling that everything's going to work out.