32) 25) text: My God, you're a Valkyrie. I used to wanna be a Valkyrie when I was younger...until I found out that you were all women. There's nothing wrong with women, of course. I love women. Sometimes a little too much. Not in a creepy way, just more of a respectful appreciation. I think it's great that there is an elite force of women warriors. It's about time. SCRAPPER #142
32) 30) text: Fine, then you must be a traitor or a coward because the Valkyrie are sworn to protect the throne. S142 finally turns her attention to Thor, intense.
32) 34) dialog: And no one escapes this place. So you're gonna die anyway. Despite her denial, Thor has clearly hit a nerve. And fro now on we will refer to Scrapper #142 as VALKYRIE. Valkyrie takes her booze and walks away. Thor is dragged away, passing Korg and the other prisoners.
34) 4) text: Watch out for his fingers. They make sparks. Thor looks up at the throngs of SCREAMING FANS. And then. ...puts on his helmet. A badass gladiator variation of hi classic winged helm. Thor is ready to rumble. ABOVE: Find Valkyrie in her Warsong ship, parked amongst other tailgaters. She POPS open a bottle of booze. Drinks GRANDMASTER (CONT'D)
40) 47) text: Hulk exits. Thor watches him go. Then, at the end of the hallway Hulk meets up with Valkyrie! They begin play- fighting, a clearly friendly rapport. Thor can't believe it. He runs to the entrance, but by th time he reaches the perimeter sensors they are gone. Thor sighs. Walks over to the window. Looks up through a wormhole, stars twinkling on the other end of it.
42) 31) text: Angry girl! Val bounds forward and gives The Incredible Hulk a big hu Hulk laughs and then begins playfully roughhousing with V VALKYRIE
42) 32) text: What's going on? What do you...? Hulk steps away, allowing Valkyrie to see Thor. Her smile disappears. She stares at Hulk, so annoyed. Hulk mopes a little. Like, "I done bad." Turns back to Thor: VALKYRIE (CONT'D)
42) 34) text: We need to talk. VALKYRIE
42) 35) text: No, you want to talk to me. Valkyrie turns to leave. THOR
42) 36) text: (to Hulk:) I need her to stay. Valkyrie is at the exit when the UPPER JAWBONE of Hulk's massive skull bed CRASHES into frame, BLOCKING the doorwa
42) 38) text: Stay!    Please? Valkyrie looks him up and down. Obedience Disks to the ma Hulk begins BOUNCING his ball against the wall again. Valkyrie walks over to Hulk's bar, picks up an UNOPENED BOTTLE of liquor. Hulk snorts, disapprovingly. Val puts i down and finds something cheaper, she pops the cork. VALKYRIE
42) 40) text: Asgard is in danger and people are dying. We need to get back there. I need your help...wow. VALKYRIE
42) 42) text: Odin is dead. Valkyrie stops short (the BALL BANGING noise continues). silence speaks volumes. Thor has a realization. THOR (CONT'D)
42) 43) text: Hela, the Goddess of Death has invaded Asgard. VALKYRIE
42) 45) text: I'm going to stop her. VALKYRIE
42) 49) text: It's me and you. VALKYRIE
42) 51) text: Wait. Just listen. The Valkyrie are legend, elite warriors of Asgard. You are sworn to defend the throne. VALKYRIE
42) 53) text: What's that supposed to mean? VALKYRIE
42) 54) text: Your sister. Her power comes from Asgard, same as yours. Hulk's ball rolls into frame. An off screen GRUNT.   Val picks it up and tosses it back to Hulk. VALKYRIE (CONT'D)
42) 55) text: When it grew beyond Odin's control, she massacred everyone in the palace and tried to seize the throne. When she tried to escape her banishment, he sent the Valkyrie in to fight her back. I only survived because... (trails off, brooding) Look, I already faced her once back when I believed in the throne, and it cost me everything. THAT'S what's wrong with Asgard. The throne, the secrets, the whole golden sham. Pause. Thor moves towards Valkyrie, goes to put a comfort hand on her shoulder. THOR
42) 60) dialog: Forget it.     I have. THOR
42) 62) dialog: Okay. THOR
42) 64) dialog: Great.
42) 66) dialog: For what?
47) 0) text: Loki and Valkyrie are brought before Grandmaster, who has least tripled the amount of bodyguards around him.
47) 8) text: YOUR brother. Whatever the story is. Adopted, or complicated. I'm sure there's a big history. (to Valkyrie)
47) 11) dialog: I can do it in two.
48) 0) text: Valkyrie exits in a hurry.   Loki follows her.
48) 2) dialog: I don't answer to you, lackey.
48) 6) dialog: I don't help anyone. Loki trails off.   He sees her wrist markings.   A realiz
48) 8) dialog: Choose your next words wisely.
49) 0) text: A barren black void of death. The VALKYRIE, in old school Asgardian armor, charge throu the DIMENSIONAL RIFT, an open portal to Asgard and the Ni Realms. Val witnesses these events as moments frozen in t - Reveal Hela in all her glory, black lightning everywher - Dozens of Valkyrie falling through the dark space. - The Valkyrie's winged horses lay dead on the battlefiel - Through the open portal we can see the throne of Asgard - Hela advancing on the final few Valkyrie - one is Val, frozen in fear, shell-shocked.
52) 0) text: It's a massive street festival where revelers dance and c while throwing powdered paint at each other... in celebra of Hulk! Green EVERYWHERE! Inside the parade it is total chaos. Thor searches for Ba as he's PELTED with green powder. Pandemonium. In the cro Thor sees a pack of SCRAPPERS on the hunt for the reward. Thor spots Banner. He surges forward, GRABS Banner, and pulls him into another alley, but sees- -Valkyrie is approaching from down the alley!
52) 4) dialog: Hi.
52) 6) dialog: Yeah, well, I did it first.
52) 8) dialog: What are you doing here?   I thought you were leaving.
52) 10) dialog: What's with the...
52) 12) dialog: But I can see your face.
52) 15) text: Your hair looks nice. I like what you did with it. Change it? Washed it maybe? Valkyrie just rolls her eyes, takes Thor by the arm.
53) 0) text: Valkyrie escorts Thor and Banner through the street.
53) 1) dialog: Who is this guy?
53) 5) dialog: I feel like I know you.
54) 1) dialog: Look, I've spent years in a haze trying to forget my past. Sakaaar seemed like the best place to drink and forget and to die one day.
54) 3) dialog: I don't plan to stop drinking, but I don't want to forget. I can't turn away anymore. So, if I'm donna to die, well... it may as well be driving my sword through the heart of that murderous hag.
54) 5) dialog: Yeah. So I'm saying that I wanna be on the team. Has it got a name?
54) 8) dialog: Revengers?
54) 13) dialog: Also, I've got a peace offering.
55) 0) text: Valkyrie opens the front door, revealing- -Loki! He is as restrained as anyone could be, sitting in the middle of the apartment with a dozen chains around hi
55) 9) text: Is that... a Dragonfang? VALKYRIE
55) 11) text: My God. This is the famed sword of the Valkyrie. VALKYRIE
55) 12) text: Sakaar and Asgard are about as far apart as any two known systems. Our best bet is a wormhole just outside the city limits. A nice clean wormhole outside the city. VALKYRIE (CONT'D)
55) 14) text: Nope. We're going through that one. Thor points at the nightmare tornado wormhole over the oc VALKYRIE
55) 18) text: That looks like a collapsing neutron star inside of an Einstein- Rosen Bridge. VALKYRIE
55) 22) text: And has an offline power steering system that could also function without the on-board computer. VALKYRIE
55) 24) text: Do I know you? I feel like I know you. VALKYRIE
55) 29) text: I don't mean to impose, but the Grandmaster has a great many ships. I may eve have stolen the access codes to his security system. All eyes turn to Loki. Valkyrie throws her bottle at him. smashes above his head. VALKYRIE
55) 35) text: Okay, can I just... A quick FYI, I was just talking to him just a couple minutes ago and he was totally ready to kill any of us. VALKYRIE
55) 37) text: Yes, me too. On many, many occasions. There was one time when we were children, he transformed himself into a snake, and he knows that I love snakes. So, I went to pick up the snake to admire it and he transformed back into himself and he was like, "Yeah, it's me!" And he stabbed me. We were eight at the time. Loki suppresses a smile. VALKYRIE
55) 40) text: Shut up. VALKYRIE
55) 46) dialog: Who's this guy again?
56) 2) dialog: I'm looking for Korg.
56) 4) dialog: The Lord of Thunder sends his best.
67) 1) dialog: Open the doors. Thor looks over the console.    FLIPS a switch.
68) 0) text: Valkyrie STEERS down, dropping altitude. Her whole ship spins upside down, yet her cockpit is still right-side up
68) 1) dialog: I hope that you're tougher than you look.
69) 5) dialog: There aren't any. It's a leisure vessel.
69) 8) dialog: Grandmaster uses it for his good times, orgies and stuff. Thor and Banner look around. The CEILING has MIRRORS ON I and the floor is covered in a Sakaarian PERSIAN RUG.
74) 2) dialog: In a minute! Val pulls herself up and then RUNS DOWN THE ROOF OF THE S Thor and Banner follow the THUMPING of her footsteps.
80) 0) text: Thor and Valkyrie join Banner in the cockpit.
80) 1) dialog: Guys, we're coming up on the Devil's Anus!
82) 1) dialog: Here we go! The Commodore ship is swallowed up by the towering nightm that is the Devil's Anus wormhole. The ship's onboard computer SHORTS OUT. Darkness in the cabin. All around them the hull CREAKS. Under strain. The commodore heads toward the end of the wormhole.   Deb flies past the camera. Thor, Val, and Banner all look like they are in extreme p as there's great concern the ship could be torn apart.
85) 0) text: Banner, Thor, and Valkyrie are all unconscious. Banner wa up and looks outside, the stars reflected in the windshie Thor and Valkyrie wake up. Outside they see- -THE REALM OF ASGARD, a flat city in the middle of an isl floating in space.
85) 1) dialog: (mixed emotions)
85) 7) dialog: Here, up here in the mountains. A projected map on the console shows the mountain where t stronghold is located. There is a red dot in the mountain indicating where the Asgardian citizens are.
85) 8) dialog: Heat signatures. People clustered together. Hela's coming for them.
85) 10) dialog: And get yourself killed?
87) 0) text: Valkyrie is helping Thor load a MASSIVE ASGARDIAN BLASTER into the side of the Commodore.
87) 2) dialog: I'll take it from here. Thor produces a bundle of FABRIC WITH GOLD AND WHITE PLAT
87) 4) dialog: "Your majesty." Don't die.    You know what I mean. The Commodore flies away, leaving Thor on the balcony.
92) 0) text: Banner flies the Commodore out across the city. Val puts on her gloves, cuff on her forearm, boots, and breastplate. She grabs her dragonfang sword and puts it a her side. Val mans the Blaster, and we see that she's cha into the CLASSIC WHITE &amp; GOLD VALKYRIE ARMOR (Thor's Bad ass.
99) 0) text: Asgardians CLASH with Hela's Butchers. Valkyrie keeps raining down fire on Fenris, but it is doi no real damage. Just pissing the wolf off. Fenris shakes off the bullets and resumes CHARGING. Heimdall sees Fenris charging and steps out in front of t refugees with his sword, preparing for the worst.
100) 0) text: Valkyrie gives up shooting.
100) 1) dialog: This stupid dog won't die! Banner looks down at the carnage below.      Makes a deci He gets up and heads for the bay doors.
100) 3) dialog: What the hell are you talking about?
108) 0) text: Valkyrie CHARGES into the ocean of Butchers. Wielding Dragonfang, backlit by the POPS of fireworks.
109) 0) text: Moving across the entire epic battle. On the city side, Valkyrie CUTS A SWATHE through the relentless onslaught of Butchers. Heavy damage. At the middle of the bridge, Heimdall helps load the flee Asgardians onto the Ark. Within the melee are Loki, Korg and the Sakaarians. Loki SLASHES through Butchers wielding his two long daggers.
112) 3) dialog: This isn't over. All around the bridge, our heroes look to see- -Hela arriving at the far side of bridge.   She is seethi with power, a vision of death. Having just come out of this huge battle, they are all we and nursing injuries. Loki and Val are hurting worse than Thor. Hela walks towards them.   Menacing and deliberate. Thor, Loki, and Val step forward to protect the Asgardian They huddle together.
112) 7) dialog: We need to hold her off until everybody's on board.
112) 9) text: It won't end there. The longer Hela's on Asgard the more powerful she grows. She'll hunt us down. We need to stop her here and now. VALKYRIE
112) 15) dialog: After you. Thor ATTACKS. They CLASH, kicking off this monumental confrontation. Hela manifests pitch black weapons to atta Thor, but Thor is conjuring powerful bolts of electricity with the same speed and ferocity. Just as Thor is surging with newfound lightning powers, Hela's powers seem to be enhanced as well. The battle is relentless and fast-paced. Thor is holding own against Hela. Maybe they can win this thing. After several fearsome exchanges, Hela PUNCTURES his shou and then DARTS past him with startling speed.
115) 0) text: Thor continues FIGHTING Hela while Valkyrie BLOCKS Hela's attempts to spear the Asgardians from afar. Hela isn't landing any fatal blows, but she's carving Tho and making steady progress towards the Ark. However, the Asgardian refugees finally make it aboard. A injured Heimdall, Korg, and Miek are the last to get on. Thor and Heimdall make eye contact.    Thor calls out:
121) 0) text: In the background the Ark continues its ascent, now high above the city. Hela's attention is on Surtur as the palace COLLAPSES aro him. So she is unprepared for- -SHLNK! Mustering up all her remaining strength, Val DRIV Dragonfang through Hela's chest, effectively PINNING her the bridge. Refocused on Val, Hela goes to deliver a death blow when- -Thor BOLTS forward!   He PULLS Val from Hela's clutches. Thor turns and FIRES LIGHTNING INTO DRAGONFANG, which DISLODGES the section of the bridge that Hela is pinned t The ground beneath Hela BREAKS FREE and she goes FALLING into the expanding fissure in Asgard's bedrock. Badly injured, Thor and Valkyrie look up to see- -Surtur INCREASING in size, now towering over the palace.
121) 2) dialog: The people are safe.     That's all that matters.
121) 4) dialog: I hate this prophecy.
121) 13) dialog: Hulk! Let's go. Hulk stops. Looking between Surtur and Thor &amp; Val. Th a real Sophie's Choice for Hulk. On the one hand, he real wants to kill that thing. On the other hand...
128) 0) text: Thor steps out onto the main deck to see an assembly of b Asgardian and Sakaarian refugees awaiting their King. Thor looks over his people and begins to walk through the crowd. His subjects part, allowing him through. It is the antithesis of the opening coronation from the f THOR movie. The people aren't cheering and lauding him, b rather they are smiling. Humbly bowing. Grateful. And Thor isn't acting arrogant. Not trying to show off an swagger. He is stately. A contemplative and dignified kin At the end of the procession, Hulk, Loki, Valkyrie, and Heimdall stand next to the CAPTAIN'S CHAIR.
128) 1) dialog: Your throne. Pause. Reluctant acceptance. Thor sits down. Flanking him on opposite sides are Valkyrie and Heimdall. Behind/towering above them is the Hulk. Loki joins them.