9) 2) text: Pause. OLD finishes relieving himself. He shakes his member. He buttons up, and kicks the pot under his bed. The piss nea sloshes out. Mercifully, it doesn’t. OLD limps away whistling (the song “Tis Brasswork”). He pauses briefly... FARTS again. He leaves frame, his UNEVEN GAIT disappearing: Walk-drag, walk-drag, walk-drag... YOUNG sits on his bed. Still. Simmering. He’s not pleased But he'll try to keep that to himself. He holds his head. The CLOCK from downstairs ticks... Just then, YOUNG feels something strange under him... He feels around... He discovers a hole in the mattress. Something is poking out... He digs his finger into the hole... He removes some horsehair stuffing... He pulls out a small trinket, about six inches long... It MERMAID carved from ivory, with scrimshawed scales on her tail. A primitive but pretty effigy. Strange. YOUNG looks at it with a hungry curiosity... He rubs his thumb over her body... her breasts... He feels a bit guilty and puts her in his pocket. HOLD.
30) 0) text: YOUNG lies in bed, smoking a cigarette. Reading the manua Can’t get comfortable. Restless. He holds the CARVED MERM in his hand, rubbing it reflexively in all the wrong plac The CLOCK ticks monotonously. Hold. OUT OF FOCUS IN THE BACK GROUND: A SEAGULL lands on the window. Pause. THE GULL starts tapping on the window. Tap. Tap. YOUNG hears it. Tap. Just as he turns to face it... THE SEAGULL has flown away YOUNG feels uneasy. He sits up. Back to his bed: the MERMAID CARVING is nestled in his sheets. Waiting for him.
45) 0) text: YOUNG is tossing and turning in bed. Restless. Hot. Sweat The sound of the waves crashing on shore is relentless. The CLOCK ticks monotonously. He tries to find a cool spot on the bed. He turns his pillow over... kicks off the linens like an angry toddler... He’s only in his underwear. The MERMAID carving is in bed his side. (Pinned on the wall behind him are clippings of desired objects from a Sears and Roebuck catalogue, a Tenderloin music hall program, and a few pornographic playing cards. Kicking off the linens doesn’t help. He sits up. He puts hand behind his ear... no cigarette. He goes to his shirt pocket hanging on the foot of the be rail... The TOBACCO POUCH isn’t there.
60) 0) text: YOUNG stumbles around the slippery rocks, pushing an empt wheelbarrow. Rain pissing on him. The hangover beating do upon his head. THE FOGHORN blasts relentlessly. 46. As he rounds a corner, he sees something WHITE in the bla rocks of the shore... He walks a few more paces... It is a BODY, lying still. Is it a dead sailor? He gasps... He drops the wheelbarrow and runs toward it! THE FOGHORN blasts. As he gets closer, it appears to be a WOMAN... A NUDE WOM washed up on the rocks. White legs and arms splayed out. He calls for Old, but he can’t hear him. He runs closer. THE FOGHORN blasts again. THE WOMAN appears to be DEAD, entangled in seaweed. YOUNG has to save her if he can. YOUNG goes to his knees... Wipes seaweed away from her face... SHE IS BEAUTIFUL. The most beautiful woman he has ever se The blood rushes to his head. His heart throbs. He looks over. He wants to touch her. He hesitates... but he does. He checks her pulse... Puts his head to her chest: Dead. Slowly, he touches her cheek, then her mouth... He moves his hand down her body, in the horror and grief her death, but also fascinated by her beauty, her perfect feminine shape... He makes his way past her breasts, to h ribs... Her ribs seem to have wounds -- deep slices. They aren’t bloody. They look almost like... GILLS. He moves his hand past her waist, toward her genitals, th he sees: SHE HAS A FISH’S TAIL! SHE IS A MERMAID!! He is frozen in terror. Then he looks back at her face... She opens her eyes and smiles at him. 47. She raises her arms, wanting his embrace... YOUNG opens his mouth to scream in horror... THE FOGHORN blasts! YOUNG runs away, fast as he can, flailing, stumbling over himself. He has almost no control over his body as he hur himself across the island, his screams drowned out by the FOGHORN.
101) 67) dialog: 