7) 0) text: CLOSE on the wheel of a bike with two PLAYING CARDS pinne the front forks with laundry pins. PULL OUT to REVEAL -- ELLIE (9), hair flowing behind her, eyes shining with lif she steers her bike up onto the sidewalk and into --
8) 0) text: The driveway of a modest, single story home on a block wi dozen identical single story homes. Ellie slows down by t real estate sign in the front yard that exclaims: SOLD! GAGE (3) sees Ellie on her bike and his face lights up --
8) 4) dialog: I didn’t want Church to be bored. Rachel’s heart melts. Ellie is thoughtful and sensitive. Louis comes up behind them to grab Ellie’s bike. He paus for a moment, checking in with her.
8) 6) dialog: You think the kids at my new school will be nice? Louis kneels down, brushing the hair out of her eyes.
9) 0) text: Louis drives while Rachel navigates. Ellie and Gage sit i back, Church in his pet carrier between them. Gage bangs Church's carrier with a toy to get Ellie’s attention.
9) 2) dialog: Mom? It’s not fair to Church. Rachel glances back. Church is sleeping with his new toy.
9) 5) dialog: Are we lost? Louis stares out an intersection leading into endless tre
9) 7) dialog: If we don’t like it in Maine do we get to move back to Boston?
9) 10) dialog: Forests are boring. UP AHEAD we see a small market advertising bait and tackl
11) 6) dialog: Daddy! Watch out! The DOG from the opening stands in the road. Louis hits the brakes, screeching to a halt. The creepy d stands in the headlights, unmoving. Its fur is clumped an dirty, eyes red and dark. Just staring into the light.
12) 0) text: Crickets so loud it’s almost unnatural. Headlights flicke in the trees as the station wagon creeps up the driveway. Louis parks by a large two-story home with wraparound woo porch and swing. The same house from the opening sequence Rachel pulls Gage out of his seat as Ellie walks to her father, taking his hand, staring up at the stars overhead The night is warm. A light wind. Dark and magical.
12) 4) dialog: This whole place is ours?
12) 6) dialog: It’s so big! I love it!! Louis walks with Rachel and Gage into the house as we --
14) 2) text: INSIDE THE CUBBY Ellie sits curled up and trying not to giggle as she holds Church in her lap.
14) 3) dialog: Quiet, okay? We’re hiding. After a BEAT we hear heavy feet coming down the stairs. A shape moves behind the curtain. Two feet are standing the Ellie screams as Louis suddenly pulls the curtain back!
14) 6) dialog: No fair! Church gave me away!! Church takes off up the stairs. Ellie follows.
14) 7) dialog: That’s my special hiding place. Don’t tell anyone, okay? 10. Louis follows them out of the basement.
15) 0) text: Rachel works in her vegetable garden, setting up tall sta and strings for her bean plants. Ellie comes around down porch stairs, walking over to her mother.
15) 1) dialog: Can I watch a show? I’m bored. Rachel pulls off her gloves, wiping her brow --
15) 3) dialog: (sulking) There’s nothing to do... Her voice drifts off as we HEAR a soft repetitive DRUM BE somewhere. Dry and sad. Ellie and Rachel walk around the side of the house to SEE -- A procession of CHILDREN marching toward the woods.
15) 5) dialog: What are they doing?
15) 7) dialog: What’s a procession?
15) 9) text: Ellie starts up the trail, then stops. There’s something about this place. It’s too dark. Too frightening. A HAND touches Ellie’s shoulder and she jumps. It’s Rache
15) 11) dialog: (sad) One of their pets died? Rachel can see Ellie’s frightened --
15) 13) text: A cottage with gray shingles, smoke rising from a chimney dark and mossy. There’s someone in the window. Ellie looks up, noticing her mother has continued walking She quickly runs to catch up to Rachel as we --
15) 16) dialog: When is Church going to die?
15) 23) dialog: People in heaven can watch us?
15) 26) dialog: You promise?
17) 0) text: Ellie stands in the grass, staring at the trail leading u into the woods. She takes a breath, heading up the trail.
18) 0) text: Ellie walks past the PET SEMATARY sign, winding up the na trail, heading deeper into the forest. Trees block the light as Ellie grows smaller in the trail disappearing around a corner. Swallowed up by the woods.
19) 0) text: Ellie comes to a clearing of grass with tiny GRAVESTONES. She slows down, taking in the sudden presence of death al around her. Each name represents a family pet who died.
19) 1) text: She pauses by a freshly dug grave. The wooden sign reads: TALULAH. Best dog in the world. June 6, 2016. A dog colla hangs on the sign. This must be the pet from the processi She walks around the rings of graves. Birds, cats and hamsters. She stops at one: Biffer. One Helluva Sniffer. Oct. 1958. The ones in the innermost ring are old and decayed, clumps of grass obscuring the names: SMUCKEY. 19 The wind blows through the trees, catching Ellie’s attent She notices the path through the cemetery stops abruptly pile of branches and trees. Ellie looks for a way around huge pile but it’s blocked by thorny THICKET and BRAMBLE. 15. Someone built a DEADFALL to block the path.
19) 2) text: Ellie reaches for the first limb. It creaks under her weight. She moves higher, branches bending as she makes h way to the top of the pile. Suddenly, a VOICE behind her
19) 5) dialog: I cut my knee... FADE TO BLACK. BOOTS crunching through underbrush as we FADE IN to --
20) 0) text: The OLD MAN carries Ellie down the trail in his arms. His hands are huge and rough, face hard as if carved from sto Ellie’s head lolls as he walks. Her eyes drift open -- ELLIE'S UPSIDE DOWN POV: the trees bouncing up and down w the movement of his gait. She passes out again.
21) 0) text: Ellie wakes up on a couch in a dark cottage. It smells li cigarettes and stale beer. Water runs in a sink somewhere Ellie sits up, realizing she’s in a stranger’s home.
21) 1) text: Her head is still foggy as she looks around at DEAD ANIMA mounted on the walls. Taxidermy. A rifle on the wall. Ellie stands, heart racing. This feels dangerous. Suddenl the OLD MAN appears in the door behind. Ellie spins aroun 16.
21) 2) dialog: Who are you? How did I get in here? The OLD MAN from the pet cemetery steps into filtered lig This is JUD (60's), unflinching, a reclusive hunter with five day beard and some hard years etched in his eyes.
21) 4) dialog: I should get home. My mom... Jud drags an ottoman across the floor with a heavy scratc
21) 6) dialog: What’s your name? Jud ignores her for a BEAT, then --
21) 8) dialog: Eleanor Creed. We just moved here from Boston. Jud nods, glancing up --
21) 10) dialog: I saw you in the window the other day. You're our neighbor. 17.
21) 14) dialog: Is that your wife? Jud sits again, unwrapping the Band-Aid. He glances up.
21) 16) dialog: She’s pretty. Jud busies himself with the Band-Aid. Hiding his sadness.
21) 17) dialog: What happened to her? Jud looks up. This girl is confounding him.
21) 19) dialog: She's still here, you know. She's watching us from heaven. Ellie smiles at Jud. A layer of ice melts off his heart.
21) 21) dialog: You want to come and meet my cat? His name is Church. Jud stands up.
21) 23) dialog: You only like to shoot them? Jud sighs, following her to the door --
22) 0) text: Ellie walks out of the woods with Jud. Rachel looks up fr her garden, surprised to see Ellie with some strange man. She comes over, wiping her hands on her work pants --
22) 2) dialog: I fell on a rock. Jud helped me. Ellie points to the Band-Aid. Rachel kneels down.
22) 7) dialog: Come and meet Church. She points to her bedroom window upstairs --
22) 8) dialog: My room’s on the second floor. Our house in Boston didn’t even have a second floor... Jud glances back at Rachel as Ellie tugs him up the porch
24) 0) text: Jud sits in a chair as Ellie performs a dance for him. Lo and Rachel sit on the couch with Gage curled on Rachel’s This is Ellie’s favorite thing, spinning through the room free and easy, swooping past her parents to make them lau Jud sips a beer, enjoying the show as Ellie finishes with pirouette. Ellie beams, taking a bow. Everyone claps. Louis starts rummaging in a wooden cabinet --
24) 4) dialog: You can’t dad. She died.
24) 9) dialog: Jud, wait... Ellie runs over to Jud, giving him a long, spontaneous hu
24) 10) dialog: Good night, Jud.
25) 0) text: Ellie stands by the kitchen door in her dance clothes.
25) 1) dialog: Come on, mom. I don’t want to be late. Rachel appears with Gage, shouting over her shoulder -- 21.
27) 0) text: Classical music plays as a DANCE INSTRUCTOR directs a gro of YOUNG GIRLS through their routine. Rachel sits along t back wall with the other MOMS, bouncing Gage on her leg. MOVE IN on Ellie as she concentrates to stay in time with other girls. The music continues to play as we --
29) 0) text: Music still plays but all the other kids have gone home a Ellie continues practicing her routine. Rachel approaches 23.
30) 22) dialog: I don’t understand. Church always comes home for dinner.
30) 24) dialog: He shouldn’t be out in those woods.
30) 26) dialog: Will you keep the lights on in case he’s trying to find us? Rachel gives Ellie a little kiss.
39) 11) dialog: What is it?
39) 14) dialog: It’s okay. He didn’t run away. 35.
39) 16) dialog: Yes we do, dad. He was outside my window last night so I let him in. Louis notices CAT PRINTS on the comforter. Thick black mu His bloods turns to ice. It can’t be Church.
39) 18) dialog: No it wasn’t. Look. Ellie points behind him to the closet.
39) 19) dialog: He’s right there. Louis turns to see a silhouette of a CAT in the closet. Sitting quietly in the darkness. Louis walks to the closet, stomach churning. His hand reaches for the closet door, gently pulling it open -- The sliver of light slowly grows to REVEAL -- Church innocently licking his paws. Alive and well.
39) 24) dialog: Leave him alone, dad. Louis puts his finger in his mouth as Ellie runs after he cat. Rachel turns to Louis once she’s gone.
42) 0) text: The Creed family eats dinner at the table. Rachel feeds Gage peas as Ellie talks about her dance cla
42) 1) dialog: Today Miss Colette had us do this cool dragon dance where you have to follow the person in front... Ellie continues her story as Louis slowly looks over at - Church on his cushion. Staring back with yellow eyes.
42) 4) dialog: It’s okay dad.
45) 0) text: CAT POV watching Rachel and Louis make love. After a BEAT The POV turns, gliding low and smooth over the floor, dow the hallway and around the corner to a slightly open door CHURCH sits outside Gage’s bedroom, nudging the door open with his nose. INT. GAGE’S ROOM - CONTINUOUS Back to CAT POV as Church slinks into the room, looking around, clocking the mobile on the wall, the night light, window, the crib. The POV moves closer to the crib. REVERSE to Church sitting outside the crib. Watching Gage sleep. His tail flicks nervously. Intense and focused. We hear Ellie’s voice from somewhere in the house.
45) 1) dialog: Church? Here, kitty, kitty... Ellie appears in the doorway. We’re back in CAT POV as we turn around to see Ellie tip-toeing closer, looming over
45) 2) dialog: (whispering) There you are, you naughty boy. Ellie leans down, reaching out for us with huge arms as w
48) 0) text: Ellie sits with Church in the middle of the floor. She ha towels spread out and some pet grooming supplies.
48) 1) dialog: What have you been digging in out there? You smell terrible... She reaches for a pet brush and begins to brush out Churc coat. CLOSE as the bristles pull through matted knots. Ellie looks at the brush: big clumps of fur are coming of Church tries to squirm away but Ellie holds him down --
48) 2) dialog: Hang on, Church! There’s something gross in your hair. She tries to brush the cat but Church SPINS and HISSES, swatting her leg with his claws. Ellie screams, jumping b as Church scampers out of the room. She stands, horrified Deep scratches bleeding down her leg.
49) 0) text: Headlights through the trees as Louis arrives home from w INT. ELLIE’S ROOM - LATER Ellie lies on her bed as Louis tapes gauze bandages to he legs where she was scratched.
49) 3) dialog: Why would he do that? Church has never scratched me before... Louis looks troubled as he stuffs his supplies back into DOCTOR BAG sitting open on the bed.
49) 5) dialog: Maybe he doesn’t like it here. She rolls over, facing away from him --
49) 6) dialog: Neither do I. Louis sits for a BEAT, then --
49) 8) dialog: Really?
49) 10) dialog: I could show her my new dance. Louis leans down, kissing Ellie on the forehead.
50) 1) text: Louis reaches back, closing Ellie’s door all the way unti clicks. He turns toward Church, shooing him with his hand
60) 0) text: Cars parked along the driveway, people mingling in the ya Kids run around in packs on the lawn, chasing each other. A table decked out with balloons, a cake with a giant num 3 candle. Rachel sips mimosas with GIRLFRIENDS from Bosto Louis sees Ellie sitting off by herself. He crosses the party, sitting next to Ellie on a bench.
60) 2) dialog: I know... I just...
60) 5) dialog: But... it’s Gage’s birthday today.
60) 7) dialog: I love it, daddy. Thank you. Louis hugs Ellie and then stands up, indicating the party 54.
60) 13) dialog: Church? Ellie doesn’t notice Gage as she walks forward in disbeli ELLIE'S POV as heat from the asphalt distorts Church’s im like a hero from an old western as he walks toward her.
60) 14) dialog: Church! BACK IN THE PARTY: Rachel looks around for Gage.
60) 22) dialog: I knew you’d come home. Rachel hears a DIESEL ENGINE. An 18 WHEELER approaching.
69) 0) text: Louis drives slowly past the FUNERAL HOME where we saw Ellie's service, following the brick wall around to the b He shuts off the engine and lights, coasting quietly to a stop by the WROUGHT IRON GATES of the rear service entran
72) 0) text: Louis crosses the lawn with Ellie’s body slung across his arms. As he ducks through the trees, he looks at over at JUD'S HOUSE. A single light in the window. No movement. Jud_is still passed out. Louis slips up the trail, disappearing into the woods. 62.
73) 0) text: Louis hikes up the dark trail, cradling Ellie’s body as h walks. He passes under the PET SEMATARY sign, heading dee into the woods. Determined. Possessed. As he passes some trees we catch a quick GLIMPSE of -- A PERSON standing in the shadows. Watching him. Louis doesn’t notice as he continues up the dark trail.
74) 0) text: Louis steps out into the pet cemetery, thin shafts of moonlight illuminating the tilted markers and stones. He still holds Ellie in his arms, her dress spilling out his hands, legs bouncing stiffly as he walks. Louis approaches the DEADFALL, pausing to shift Ellie’s b in his hands as he prepares to climb the pile of branches
75) 0) text: Louis stumbles into frame, coming to the edge of the wate with Ellie’s body in his arms. He stands for a moment, a silhouette against the black water. Staring out at -- The mound of dirt peeking up through the fog.
75) 1) text: Louis pushes out into the water, wading over to the groun the center of the bog. As he lays Ellie’s body down -- We hear the WHISPERING VOICES in the trees.
75) 2) text: The voices rise, swirling like the wind in shifting layer ANGLE on Ellie’s face. Eyes closed in the moonlight. Louis reaches for a stone on the ground, slamming it into dirt. CLOSE as he digs, rips, pulls away dirt. Obsessed. As he digs we WIDEN to REVEAL -- The wild dog from the opening on the shore of the marsh.
75) 3) text: Watching Louis dig with its pure black eyes. LATER. Louis sits over a shallow grave. Hands black with dirt. As he turns to pull Ellie’s body into the hole he SEES -- Her eyes are open now. Staring right at him. The VOICES are louder now. Powerful. Growing urgent as -- Louis quickly drags Ellie into the shallow grave.
76) 0) text: Louis busies himself in the yard, picking up the kid’s to He glances over at the woods. LOUIS’ POV of that trail leading up into the trees. There’s no sign of movement. No sign of Ellie. He goes back inside. INT. ELLIE’S ROOM - DAY Louis pushes the door open and steps inside. He hasn’t be in here since Ellie’s death. It’s dark and musty. He opens the shades and cracks the window. He strips the and puts on new sheets. He arranges her stuffed animals.
80) 0) text: Wood creaks under his weight, moths flutter around the li Louis comes down onto the grass, standing for a moment in yard. The screen door taps behind him in the wind. Louis shivers, his mind playing tricks. Still nothing the As he comes back up the porch, Louis freezes on the top s ELLIE'S MUD COVERED SHOES SIT BY THE FRONT DOOR.
80) 1) text: Louis steps closer, barely able to breathe. The shoes Ellie was buried in. Thick with black mud. There’s a small muddy HAND PRINT on the wall by the door.
81) 3) text: Louis pulls Ellie’s dress out, unfolding it in his hands. Lace ripped and stained with black muddy dirt.
83) 0) text: A HAND reaches inside, clicking on the overhead light. Lo looks into the darkness, terrified of what he might find. The bulb overhead makes his shadow long as he comes down stairs. He peeks under the work bench. Nothing there. He turns to the CUBBY HOLE. Ellie’s secret hiding place. Louis comes over, kneeling down. He reaches out, taking h of the small curtain, hands shaking as he pulls it open - The cubby is empty. Louis deflates again. Is this real? Is he losing his mind As he sits back up we NOTICE --
83) 3) dialog: Daddy. Louis screams, spinning around. He slides backwards acros the floor, breathing rapidly, terrified. Staring at Ellie But she’s shivering. Her body cold. Terrified _and_ confu
83) 4) dialog: Where am I? Louis’ terror melts away, his father instincts kicking in he goes to Ellie, wrapping his arms around her. 69.
84) 0) text: Ellie sits in the tub, knees sticking out of dark grey wa with pieces of SWAMP GRASS floating around her.
84) 2) dialog: Ouch. Louis notices clumps of hair in the brush. He pulls them and drops them in the wastebasket, going back to brushing Ellie winces again --
84) 3) dialog: Daddy.
84) 5) dialog: What is it? Louis swallows, pushing the horrific truth away.
84) 8) dialog: Church is gone. Isn’t he? She watches his face, searching for the truth --
84) 10) dialog: No, it didn’t. The truck hit me. Louis freezes. Ellie’s eyes clear and dark. Focused on hi
84) 12) dialog: (soft whisper) So am I. Louis spins around. Did he just hear that correctly? Ellie looks up at him with huge, sorrowful eyes.
84) 13) dialog: Can I sleep with you tonight? I’m scared. Louis swallows, blood going cold. He nods slowly --
85) 0) text: Louis lies in bed, staring at the ceiling. Ellie lies fac him, curled up under the covers. She reaches out with her finger, tracing it across his face. He can barely breathe
85) 1) dialog: Where’s mommy and Gage? Louis glances over at her --
85) 3) dialog: When are they coming back? She watches his eyes. Searching his face for the truth.
85) 5) dialog: Does mommy know what you did?
85) 7) dialog: Love you, daddy.
88) 0) text: Louis comes down the stairs in disbelief. Ellie is there she’s doing what she loves most. She’s dancing. Louis comes into the room, watching as she gets lost in t graceful joy of the dance. Spins around. Alive and free. It’s beautiful, sweet, tender, gentle. Tears flow down Louis’ face but he’s not sad. His heart is full again. Ellie sees him and smiles. Spinning faster and laughing.
89) 0) text: Ellie bursts out of the house, laughing and breathing har She pauses for a moment, feeling the sun on her face. It’ glorious. Louis appears in the doorway, looking around.
89) 2) dialog: No! I like it out here. Louis runs after Ellie but she takes off around the house
90) 0) text: Ellie swoops across the open lawn with her arms outstretc like an airplane as Louis comes running up behind her.
90) 1) dialog: Can’t catch me! She turns backwards, mocking Louis as she comes around th corner of the house and bumps into -- Jud_standing in the path. Ellie stops, looking up at him as Louis comes up behind, panting. Jud stares down in horror at Ellie. In shock.
90) 2) dialog: (playful) Hi, Jud! She moves to hug him. Jud steps back. He doesn’t trust he
90) 5) dialog: Can’t I just stand right here?
90) 18) dialog: 
90) 22) dialog: Try and find me! Ellie runs away as Louis steps inside and closes the door
91) 0) text: Ellie sits on the couch, watching quietly as Louis begins packing up the house into boxes. We see his DOCTOR BAG sitting on the table.
91) 2) dialog: Why are you packing up? Louis stops packing for a moment, glancing over --
91) 4) dialog: All of us? Louis looks her straight in the face --
91) 7) dialog: Oh, can I talk to her? 76. Louis steps back, holding the phone away from Ellie --
93) 0) text: Ellie in her pajamas sitting in front of a bowl of cereal Louis sits across from her, watching as she lifts the spo to her mouth. Food tastes strange to her now. Foreign. She sets the spoon down, pushing the bowl away.
93) 1) dialog: Not hungry. Louis nods, taking the bowl to the sink. He pauses for a moment, looking out at the trees. Then he NOTICES -- Ellie standing behind him in the reflection.
93) 3) dialog: What did you and Jud talk about? Louis turns, facing Ellie. She moves closer, watching him
93) 5) dialog: I can tell when you lie. Louis looks over at her. What else does she know?
93) 7) dialog: Can we go to bed now?
94) 0) text: Louis sleeps in the bed as wind rattles the windows. PAN over to SEE -- Ellie watching him in the darkness. After a BEAT -- She quietly slips out of bed.
95) 0) text: Ellie stands in front of her father’s medical bag on the table. Her hand slips inside, feeling for something. CLOSE as she pulls out his shining SCALPEL.
96) 0) text: Rain pours down through the trees, hitting the leaves in heavy wet drops. We hear something moving in the woods as Jud steps into frame. His huge body in silhouette, watchi the Creed House through the trees. Jud moves closer, moving a branch to get a better look -- A light is on in Ellie’s room. The window open, curtains billowing in the wind. After a BEAT they settle, revealin Ellie standing in the window. Looking out at the woods. H eyes are closed, head tilted slightly back. Jud moves closer, pulling a branch aside to see better. The curtains billow again, blocking our view of Ellie. As the wind settles she comes back into view and we SEE -- SHE’S LOOKING RIGHT AT US! Jud pulls back into the trees, heart racing. Rain comes d around him as he builds the courage to look again -- This time, Ellie is gone. The window is empty. Jud turns back, heading for his house. 79.
97) 0) text: Ellie comes out the front door. Looking around. She steps slowly down the stairs, walking out into --
98) 0) text: Ellie crosses the grass. There’s something in her hand. The moonlight hits the tiny SCALPEL, glinting in the ligh
99) 0) text: Ellie sneaks through the trees toward Jud’s house. She pauses, seeing a light in the window. As she moves closer Jud_lunges out of the bushes, trying to grab her!
99) 1) text: Ellie swings the knife, slicing Jud’s hand. He slips backwards as she scampers away into the woods. Jud pulls himself up, reaching for his light. JUD’S POV of the dark woods. Ellie is nowhere to be found
101) 0) text: Jud stands in the dark room, eyes adjusting to the light. listens to the empty room, taxidermy staring silently at As he crosses to the kitchen we catch a GLIMPSE of -- Ellie passing across a doorway behind him.
101) 5) text: The bathroom is empty. Just a toilet, empty bath, sink. Jud backs up, continuing down the hallway to his bedroom. He taps the door with his foot and it swings open slowly a horrible creak. He inches forward into the room -- The bedroom is empty. Moonlight filtering through curtain Jud moves around the bed to the closet. He opens it to SE Nothing but old clothes hanging there. He peeks behind th He turns, walking past the bed as we DRIFT DOWN to reveal Ellie under the bed. Gleaming SCALPEL clutched in her han
101) 6) text: She screams, swinging her hand out with the blade and -- Slicing Jud’s ACHILLES TENDON. Jud screams, falling to the ground. He rolls over on his side to see Ellie sliding backwards under the bed and aim BAM! BAM!! Jud fires two shots under the bed but Ellie is gone. He moans, his leg bleeding badly as he tries to pul himself up but his foot won’t support his weight. 81. Jud rolls onto his back, taking a breath --
101) 8) text: Jud freezes, sensing Ellie’s presence -- CLOSE on his hand: silently cocking his revolver. Ellie screams, leaping from the dresser into the air -- The knife flashing in the light as Jud spins and fires!
101) 9) text: The bullet hits a photo on the wall, shattering the glass Ellie lands on Jud, knocking him to the ground and SLAMMI The scalpel into his chest. Jud gasps, grabbing Ellie with his hands, holding her bac
101) 10) dialog: (struggling) I thought we were friends?
101) 13) dialog: You don’t know what punishment is.
102) 0) text: Louis asleep in the bed. His bedroom door swings open to reveal Ellie standing in the doorway. Just a silhouette. Then she steps into the room and we see she’s returned to normal. Her eyes are clear. Just an innocent little girl. She walks to the edge of the bed, standing over Louis to watch him sleep. He seems so defenseless. Vulnerable. For a horrible BEAT we wonder what she’s about to do -- Then Louis wakes up. He sits, startled to see Ellie there
102) 2) dialog: I had a nightmare. Louis pulls the covers back. Ellie slides into the bed.
104) 2) text: Ellie sits up behind him in the bed. She smiles.
104) 3) dialog: Mommy’s home. Louis comes to Ellie, pleading with his eyes. He knows th she’s the one in control.
104) 5) dialog: Don’t you think she’1ll be happy to see me? Something in Louis melts. He still sees her as his daught
104) 7) dialog: Maybe I should hide? Like a game? Louis gets the chills. This doesn’t feel like a game to h
105) 16) dialog: (softly) Don’t call me that. Rachel looks over in shock as Ellie steps closer.
105) 25) dialog: Aren’t you happy, mom? I missed you. Rachel turns to her dead daughter, voice trembling --
107) 0) text: To find Ellie standing in the shadows, listening to her parents’ voices through the crack in the doorway. After a BEAT, she backs away, turning down the stairs.
108) 0) text: Gage eats a cookie as Ellie approaches him from behind.
108) 1) dialog: Want to play a game, Gage?
108) 3) dialog: Turn around. Gage turns around, obeying his sister. She takes a cloth napkin and ties it over his eyes like a bandana.
108) 4) dialog: I didn’t like being gone. I like being with you and mom and dad. Gage holds out his hands nervously, trying to balance --
108) 6) dialog: That’s how the game works. It’s called Marco Polo. Every time you say Marco, I say Polo and then you try to find me. Understand? 88. Gage nods as she steps back. He turns, feeling for her.
108) 8) dialog: Polo. GAGE’'S POV from behind the blindfold: we can only see a slice of the room at the top and bottom of the frame.
108) 10) dialog: (further away) Polo. Gage moves into the room, feeling with his hands as we --
110) 0) text: Ellie slides backwards around the dining room table as he brother comes into the room, his hands out, feeling his w She has her father’s scalpel in her hand.
110) 5) dialog: Polo. Ellie is right in front of him. Gage pulls his blindfold
111) 0) text: Ellie plays with Gage on the lawn, chasing and giggling a they roll around in the grass. BEHIND THEM -- Rachel watches from the porch. Her face is blank. Numb. 90. Louis comes out, sitting next to her. After a BEAT --
112) 3) dialog: Careful, Gage... it’s hot... Everyone takes their seats.
112) 5) dialog: I’m thankful mommy and Gage came home. 91. She smiles at Rachel.
112) 9) dialog: You're lying.
112) 11) dialog: (to Louis) You didn’t tell her I was back because you knew she wouldn’t let me stay. She wants me dead again. UNDER THE TABLE we see Ellie holding the scalpel in her h
112) 12) dialog: (to Rachel) I know you’re planning on killing me. I can see it in your face.
112) 15) dialog: That’s another lie! The house rumbles as if an earthquake were starting. A picture frame slides down the wall shattering on the grou CLOSE on Ellie’s face, glaring at her mother -- 92.
112) 16) dialog: (cold) You chose Gage over me. Rachel doesn’t answer. She can’t. Her ability to speak arrested by the realization they are now suddenly outside
113) 5) dialog: The day of Gage’s party. You saw him in the road and made a choice. Rachel keeps her eyes on Ellie but we notice something el Bright HEADLIGHTS approaching behind her.
113) 6) text: We hear the sound of a truck downshifting. The grinding o gears. The bellowing of exhaust. But -- Rachel keeps her eyes on Ellie, shaking her head --
113) 8) text: When he looks back at Ellie he sees blackness swirling in eyes. For the first time Louis clearly sees her as someth other than his daughter. A monster. Hungry and evil. 93.
113) 10) dialog: How does it feel knowing you’re about to die? The scalpel in her hand glints as she moves her arm but - Louis lunges from behind, pulling Ellie down to the table WIDE on the family in the road: table cloth billowing in wind, Louis holding Ellie down by her shoulders. The truck approaching from the side at 70 miles per hour.
115) 0) text: Ellie leading Gage up the trail. Gage stumbles along, but he’s frightened. She grips his wrist, pulling him faster.
115) 2) dialog: Somewhere special.
115) 4) dialog: Don’t you want to be with me?
115) 6) dialog: We can be together forever. Ellie pulls Gage further up the trail as we --
116) 0) text: They Louis and Rachel search the house for Gage and Ellie. look in the basement, kitchen, inside closets.
117) 0) text: Ellie leads Gage down to the edge of the swamp. Fog curls over the black water. She stands there for a moment, eyes closed, breathing in.
117) 1) dialog: When you’re like me you won't be scared anymore. She opens her eyes, glancing at Gage --
117) 2) dialog: I can see in the dark now. You'd like that, wouldn’t you. Ellie pulls her brother to the water, his feet squashing the wet mud. Gage looks over to see something in her hand The glimmer of their father’s SCALPEL.
117) 3) text: Ellie walks out into the water, pulling her brother along
117) 4) dialog: I can see so many things now... CLOSE on Gage whispering to himself, building up courage
117) 6) text: Gage pulls away, running into the trees as Ellie reaches the shallow water, searching for the knife. BEHIND HER Gage slips away into the trees. 96.
117) 7) dialog: Gage, come back! After a moment, she comes up with the knife in her hand. She turns, listening to the woods for a moment. Then she follows. INT. ELLIE’S ROOM - NIGHT Rachel searches the frantically. Under the bed and in the closet. She moves over to the window, looking out to SEE Jud’s house through the trees.
120) 0) text: Ellie walks through the trees, searching for her brother. She's angry, her eyes appearing black again as she passes through a shaft of moonlight. She pauses, calling out --
120) 1) dialog: Gage, come out! I promise it won't hurt. I don’t want to be alone. She listens for a moment, then keeps walking. The scalpel glimmers in the moonlight by her side as she passes us. She slips away through the trees. 97.
120) 2) dialog: (voice fading) Gage? Please. Where are you? After she’s gone we HOLD for a moment, then -- Gage peeks out from inside some bushes. He slides out fro his hiding place, running back to the trail.
125) 0) text: Rachel has a flashlight and the revolver. Sweeping the li through the trees as she runs up the trail after Ellie. She's focused and determined. Ready to end this.
127) 0) text: Rachel walks into the clearing. The moon lights rings of graves from above. She walks around the crooked stones, sweeping her flashli around as she searches for Ellie. The forest is dark and quiet. BEHIND HER we see a SHADOW slipping through the mist. She turns, hearing the grass moving. Small footsteps.
127) 2) dialog: Biffer. One helluva sniffer. (beat) Kinda liked to bite people, too. Rachel closes her eyes, sensing the girl behind her. Ellie moves closer a few steps, shrouded in moonlight. 100. Almost _a_ ghost.
129) 2) dialog: Please don’t hurt me mommy. The flashlight flickers. Losing power. Rachel turns aroun gripping the gun, lip quivering, losing her resolve -- 101.
129) 4) dialog: I’m scared. BACK ON RACHEL as her hand shakes, listening --
129) 5) dialog: Mommy. Rachel freezes. The voice is moving. Getting nearer -- Something is running in the darkness, she spins around as ELLIE LUNGES AT HER MOTHER WITH THE SCALPEL.
129) 6) text: Ellie screams as she swings the blade, eyes wild. Rachel screams, falling backwards as the blade cuts her h She drops the gun and the flashlight in the grass.
129) 7) text: Rachel hits the ground, clutching her bleeding hand. She hears footsteps in the grass and crawls to the flashlight, grabbing it and swinging around to SEE -- The gun lying in the grass. Ellie running for it. Rachel lunges out, grabbing Ellie’s leg and pulling her t the ground. Ellie kicks at her mother, sliding free. Rachel jumps up, scrambling for the gun but it’s too late Ellie rises up in the curling mist -- POINTING THE REVOLVER AT HER MOTHER.
129) 8) text: Rachel is surrounded by graves. Helpless. Facing Ellie.
129) 11) dialog: Love you, too, mommy. 102. Ellie slowly squeezes the trigger and BAM!!! The gun goes off as Louis jumps out of the darkness.
131) 0) text: MOVE IN on the car parked in the driveway. Windows steame Gage lies curled up on the front seat, asleep. As we settle on his sleeping form, suddenly -- TWO HANDS hit the driver’s window. Gage wakes up to SEE - 103. Ellie standing outside the car, smiling at Gage. Gage looks nervous until he sees his mother walking up th lawn. She unlocks the car and reaches in for Gage. Rachel walks over to the front porch, sitting with Gage i her lap. She looks exhausted, gazing out to the woods. A piece of her soul missing. We see her hands -- They're raw with BLISTERS and DIRTY. WIDEN OUT to REVEAL -- Ellie on the grass in front of them. She’s dancing. Happy She moves around the yard, tracing her fingers through th air as she silently runs through her routine. A sound in the woods behind her. Rachel looks up. A SHADOW falls across the lawn in front of Ellie. She sto dancing, looking right up at us. CLOSE on her face for a moment, filled with awe and surpr Then she smiles.
131) 1) dialog: Daddy! CUT TO BLACK.