8) 0) text: The driveway of a modest, single story home on a block wi dozen identical single story homes. Ellie slows down by t real estate sign in the front yard that exclaims: SOLD! GAGE (3) sees Ellie on her bike and his face lights up --
8) 1) dialog: Ellie home! Ellie’s parents RACHEL and LOUIS look up from cramming th last of their belongings into a station wagon. They’re sweating and tired from packing. Rachel glances at Louis.
9) 0) text: Louis drives while Rachel navigates. Ellie and Gage sit i back, Church in his pet carrier between them. Gage bangs Church's carrier with a toy to get Ellie’s attention.
9) 1) dialog: Ellie. Ellie. Ellie-phant!
11) 0) text: Louis rubs his eyes. Gage has fallen asleep. Rachel stare out at big homes set back in the trees. After a BEAT --
11) 8) dialog: Doggie... The dog turns, slipping off into the trees.
11) 9) dialog: Bye bye.
12) 0) text: Crickets so loud it’s almost unnatural. Headlights flicke in the trees as the station wagon creeps up the driveway. Louis parks by a large two-story home with wraparound woo porch and swing. The same house from the opening sequence Rachel pulls Gage out of his seat as Ellie walks to her father, taking his hand, staring up at the stars overhead The night is warm. A light wind. Dark and magical.
24) 0) text: Jud sits in a chair as Ellie performs a dance for him. Lo and Rachel sit on the couch with Gage curled on Rachel’s This is Ellie’s favorite thing, spinning through the room free and easy, swooping past her parents to make them lau Jud sips a beer, enjoying the show as Ellie finishes with pirouette. Ellie beams, taking a bow. Everyone claps. Louis starts rummaging in a wooden cabinet --
27) 0) text: Classical music plays as a DANCE INSTRUCTOR directs a gro of YOUNG GIRLS through their routine. Rachel sits along t back wall with the other MOMS, bouncing Gage on her leg. MOVE IN on Ellie as she concentrates to stay in time with other girls. The music continues to play as we --
42) 0) text: The Creed family eats dinner at the table. Rachel feeds Gage peas as Ellie talks about her dance cla
45) 0) text: CAT POV watching Rachel and Louis make love. After a BEAT The POV turns, gliding low and smooth over the floor, dow the hallway and around the corner to a slightly open door CHURCH sits outside Gage’s bedroom, nudging the door open with his nose. INT. GAGE’S ROOM - CONTINUOUS Back to CAT POV as Church slinks into the room, looking around, clocking the mobile on the wall, the night light, window, the crib. The POV moves closer to the crib. REVERSE to Church sitting outside the crib. Watching Gage sleep. His tail flicks nervously. Intense and focused. We hear Ellie’s voice from somewhere in the house.
53) 0) text: Rachel plays with Gage on the rug in the living room. We over to pick up Church sitting behind them on the couch. The tea kettle begins to whistle in the kitchen as Rachel playfully moves a small fuzzy giraffe closer to Gage.
53) 2) dialog: Play with you!
53) 6) text: GAGE’S POV as the cat moves around him in a slow circle.
53) 7) dialog: Churchie kitty. Gage drops his giraffe and reaches for Church but -- Church grabs the giraffe and slips past Gage.
53) 8) text: Gage stands up, waddling after the cat --
53) 9) dialog: No... my toy! Church runs up the stairs as Gage wanders over, looking u the stairs. Church pauses at the top, looking back.
53) 10) dialog: My toy... Gage starts up the stairs as we --
54) 0) text: The cat jumps up onto a chair and then up to the narrow WOODEN RAILING that runs along the edge of the balcony. Gage appears at the door, brow furrowed. He sees Church o the railing and walks over, climbing onto the chair. Church backs away. Toy still clutched in his mouth.
54) 1) dialog: You're bad, Church. My toy... Church drops the toy over the side of the balcony.
54) 2) text: ANGLE as the toy sails down to the PAVING STONES below. Gage screams, upset. He wraps his hands around the railin pulling one knee up, then the other, pulling himself up t THE RAILING. Gage wobbles precariously, staring down at his giraffe on flat stones below. Not noticing as Church inches closer -
54) 3) text: Nudging his leg! Gage loses his balance, arms spinning as he falls out and Rachel snatches him off the railing!
61) 0) text: Rachel and Louis stand by the grave holding Gage’s hand. It’s cold. Summer has broken. Fall around the corner. Thi time the image doesn’t fade. Instead, we stay on Rachel a Louis as the MINISTER finishes his eulogy. As he lowers his bible, all eyes turn to Rachel. She step up to a pile of FRESH EARTH, a small shovel sticking out. RACHEL’S POV into the grave. A_kid size coffin below. She reaches for the shovel but can’t bring herself to do Louis’ hand closing around hers. They’1ll do it together. Now looking up from inside the grave as Louis and Rachel scoop a pile of dirt and toss it down into the hole. The dirt lands on us, wiping us to BLACK.
62) 0) text: RACHEL’S PARENTS wait in their Mercedes with Gage as Loui loads the bags into the trunk. Rachel approaches behind h and he turns. She’s shattered, eyes red from crying. 57. For a BEAT there’s nothing to say. Then --
86) 0) text: Gage’s tricycle sits in the driveway, grass slick with de 72.
92) 0) text: Rachel sits in her parents’ home. THROUGH THE WINDOW we s her MOTHER and FATHER playing with Gage in the back yard.
105) 0) text: Louis comes slowly down the stairs as we HEAR -- Footsteps on the porch. The front door opens and Gage bur inside, running up to his father.
105) 1) dialog: Daddy, daddy, daddy!!! Louis scoops Gage into his arms, hugging his son.
105) 11) dialog: Mommy ! Rachel doesn’t respond. She’s staring at Louis. Furious.
105) 15) dialog: Ellie. Ellie. Ellie-phant!
105) 18) dialog: See, mommy? Ellie! Rachel gasps, trying to form words. She looks to Louis --
108) 0) text: Gage eats a cookie as Ellie approaches him from behind.
108) 2) dialog: Okay.
108) 5) dialog: I can’t see.
108) 7) dialog: Marco. Ellie steps back as Gage takes a step forward.
108) 9) dialog: Marco.
110) 2) dialog: Marco. Ellie jumps out of the way, dropping the scalpel on the ground. Gage turns, hearing the noise. Gage turns around, waving his hands.
110) 3) dialog: Marco? GAGE’S POV inside the blindfold: we see Ellie reaching fo something on the ground. She doesn’t answer Gage’s call.
110) 4) dialog: Marco. Marco? An excruciating BEAT inside the blindfold. Then, finally
110) 6) dialog: Got you! Ellie smiles at him. Her hand hidden behind her back. Then her eyes move to something else -- Rachel coming down the stairs. She walks quickly over to Gage, gently pulling him back from Ellie.
111) 0) text: Ellie plays with Gage on the lawn, chasing and giggling a they roll around in the grass. BEHIND THEM -- Rachel watches from the porch. Her face is blank. Numb. 90. Louis comes out, sitting next to her. After a BEAT --
112) 0) text: Gage carries silverware behind Louis, carefully placing a fork on each folded napkin as Louis lays out the plates.
112) 2) dialog: Bas-getti! Gage tries to reach into the bowl, Ellie lifts it away --
112) 6) dialog: I’m thankful for bas-getti!
113) 4) dialog: I like trees! Ellie stands, scalpel by her side as she walks toward Rac
113) 17) text: REVERSE to Gage’s awestruck face, sitting in his high cha as we HEAR the truck destroying everything in its path. Louis screams, covering Rachel from flying debris as the truck roars past them in a cloud of dust. Then it’s quiet Louis and Rachel open their eyes to SEE --
115) 0) text: Ellie leading Gage up the trail. Gage stumbles along, but he’s frightened. She grips his wrist, pulling him faster.
115) 1) dialog: Where are we going? They pass the PET SEMATARY sign, winding into the woods -
115) 3) dialog: I don’t want to go somewhere special. I’m scared. Ellie glance down at her brother, eyes smudged with black
115) 5) dialog: Yes.
116) 0) text: They Louis and Rachel search the house for Gage and Ellie. look in the basement, kitchen, inside closets.
117) 0) text: Ellie leads Gage down to the edge of the swamp. Fog curls over the black water. She stands there for a moment, eyes closed, breathing in.
117) 5) dialog: One... two... three! Gage shoves Ellie and she drops the scalpel. Ellie screams as the blade swirls down into the muddy wat
117) 6) text: Gage pulls away, running into the trees as Ellie reaches the shallow water, searching for the knife. BEHIND HER Gage slips away into the trees. 96.
121) 0) text: Gage comes running down the trail. In the distance we hea his father calling out for him.
121) 5) dialog: Out there. Gage points to the dark woods. Louis nods, walking quickl back down the trail to the house in the background.
122) 0) text: Louis walks into the silent house holding Gage in his arm The doors are open, the night wind blowing in from outsid
123) 0) text: Louis puts Gage inside the station wagon, standing him on front seat so Gage can hold the steering wheel and look o
131) 0) text: MOVE IN on the car parked in the driveway. Windows steame Gage lies curled up on the front seat, asleep. As we settle on his sleeping form, suddenly -- TWO HANDS hit the driver’s window. Gage wakes up to SEE - 103. Ellie standing outside the car, smiling at Gage. Gage looks nervous until he sees his mother walking up th lawn. She unlocks the car and reaches in for Gage. Rachel walks over to the front porch, sitting with Gage i her lap. She looks exhausted, gazing out to the woods. A piece of her soul missing. We see her hands -- They're raw with BLISTERS and DIRTY. WIDEN OUT to REVEAL -- Ellie on the grass in front of them. She’s dancing. Happy She moves around the yard, tracing her fingers through th air as she silently runs through her routine. A sound in the woods behind her. Rachel looks up. A SHADOW falls across the lawn in front of Ellie. She sto dancing, looking right up at us. CLOSE on her face for a moment, filled with awe and surpr Then she smiles.