21) 3) dialog: You fell off the deadfall. Must have passed out when you saw blood. Ellie takes a step backwards, assessing the threat.
21) 5) dialog: Sit down. Not gonna bite you. Ellie senses something in Jud’s eyes. This guy is shy, no mean. He’s not intimidating. Just _a_sad_ and lonely man. Ellie sits down putting her leg on the ottoman. Jud sits across from her, cleaning the scrape with a warm washclot She watches him as he works, concentrating. After a BEAT
21) 7) dialog: You first.
21) 9) dialog: Jud.
21) 11) dialog: Lived in this house for sixty three years. Seen a lot of people come and go from yours. Jud walks to the bathroom to look for something.
21) 12) dialog: (mumbling as he rummages) Kids shouldn't be up in those woods. Not safe up there. Ellie notices a PHOTO on the table nearby and picks one u ANGLE on the photo: Jud in a suit, much younger, standing proudly next to a PRETTY GIRL in a bridal gown. Ellie notices Jud in the doorway holding a Band-Aid.
21) 13) dialog: You make a habit of going through people’s things? Ellie sets the photo down. She studies him a moment, then
21) 15) dialog: Her name was Norma.
21) 18) dialog: She was sick. Passed away.
21) 20) dialog: That so, Ellie? 18. Ellie nods, jumping up. She walks to the door --
21) 22) dialog: I don’t keep pets. Not around here. Ellie nods to the animals stuffed on the walls --
21) 24) dialog: Fine. I’11l come meet your damn cat if you want...
22) 0) text: Ellie walks out of the woods with Jud. Rachel looks up fr her garden, surprised to see Ellie with some strange man. She comes over, wiping her hands on her work pants --
22) 5) dialog: Most folks just call me Jud. Rachel smiles, trying to break the awkwardness -- 19.
22) 9) dialog: Kid’s like a force of nature.
24) 0) text: Jud sits in a chair as Ellie performs a dance for him. Lo and Rachel sit on the couch with Gage curled on Rachel’s This is Ellie’s favorite thing, spinning through the room free and easy, swooping past her parents to make them lau Jud sips a beer, enjoying the show as Ellie finishes with pirouette. Ellie beams, taking a bow. Everyone claps. Louis starts rummaging in a wooden cabinet --
24) 2) dialog: Better get home while I can still walk. Louis notices Jud’s wedding ring. 20.
24) 6) dialog: Ellie didn’t mean anything by it. He turns to Louis --
24) 7) dialog: Been a long time since I got to sit with folks and just jaw a little. (to Rachel) And even longer since I had good home cooking like that. Thank you. Louis walks with Jud to the door.
24) 11) dialog: Good night, Ellie.
26) 0) text: The station wagon pulls out of the driveway. Church comes trotting up the driveway to the cat door. He tries to push it open but the barrier is down. Locked out He tries to nudge through but eventually gives up and wal around the house, heading down the path toward Jud’s plac INT. JUD’S HOUSE - DAY Jud stands over his stove frying HASH in a skillet, cigar dangling from his lips. He scrapes the food onto a plate then takes the pan to the sink. As he turns -- Church jumps up into the kitchen window behind him.
26) 1) text: As Jud cleans, Church steps down to the counter, inching closer to the food, taking a bite of the steaming pile. Jud turns to see Church eating his lunch.
26) 2) dialog: Get away from that. Jud waves his hand, shooing Church away but the cat start accidentally knocking the plate onto the floor with a cra
26) 3) dialog: Go on! Get out of here. Jud opens the kitchen door, shoving the cat into the driv with his foot. He turns back to the mess on the floor.
26) 4) dialog: Goddamn scavenger. 22. As he starts to clean up the mess we --
30) 17) text: The animal looks worse now. Fur clumped up and ragged, he slung low as it moves forward, eyes locked on the cat. Church hisses, backing up. INT. JUD’S HOUSE - SAME TIME Jud dumps a pile of broken plate and food into the trash We hear a loud CAT SQUEAL and a deeper, loud SNARL. Jud goes to the window, looking out -- The Dog has church in his jaws, shaking him wildly.
30) 19) dialog: Sonofabitch!! Jud grabs the broom and races out to -- EXT. JUD’S HOUSE - DRIVEWAY - CONTINUOUS Jud swings the broom at the wild Dog. The Dog jumps out o the way, giving Church a final, deadly shake with his hea CRACK! We hear the SICKENING SNAP of bone breaking as the Dog drops Church, racing off into the trees. ANGLE on Church, blood seeping from puncture wounds. His head flops to the side. Neck broken.
30) 20) dialog: Dammit... Ellie... Jud glances over at the Creed House as we --
31) 1) text: The truck veers into the shoulder, missing his car by inc Louis watches in the mirror as the huge truck rumbles pas freight train of chrome and dust, disappearing behind him He takes a breath and carefully pulls up the drive to fin Someone standing outside his house in the driveway. It’s Jud.
32) 0) text: Louis and Jud stare down at a LUMP on the washing machine 27.
32) 2) dialog: Wild dog. All kinds of animals in those woods... Louis touches Church’s body. It’s already going stiff.
32) 3) dialog: It’s my fault. Church had jumped in here and made a mess. I got so steamed, I shoved him out the door. Jud pours two shots from a bottle of whisky. He throws on back, hands shaking. He hands the other to Louis.
32) 4) dialog: Animals out here are scavengers. Bet that old dog had his eye on Church since you guys moved in. Louis tosses his whisky back, taking a moment to think.
32) 6) dialog: What are you going to do?
32) 9) dialog: Sure thing. Louis heads for the back door, lost in thought --
32) 10) dialog: Louis, wait... 28. Louis pauses in the doorway, looking back.
32) 12) dialog: It’s nothing. Go be with your family. I’m here if you need me. Louis nods, ducking out the door as we --
34) 0) text: Louis heads back across the lawn, ducking through the tre EXT. JUD’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS As Louis gets close he notices the house is pitch black. comes up the porch, tapping lightly on the windows --
34) 2) text: It’s Jud and he’s carrying something over his shoulder.
35) 0) text: Jud stands amongst the graves, eyes bleary from too much whisky. He sets the HEAVY LUMP in the sheet on the ground and tosses his shovel to the ground. Then he turns -- Taking a couple wobbly steps through the markers as his l comes to rest on the one that reads: BIFFER. Jud sways in the moonlight, taking another slug of whisky
35) 1) dialog: (mumbling) There you are. 30. His eyes move up to notice something else -- The DEADFALL across the cemetery lit by the moon.
35) 2) text: Jud stares at the twisted pile of dead branches, unable t turn away as the wind picks up in the trees. Finally, he kneels down in front of Biffer’s grave, tears on his chee
35) 3) dialog: Goddamn, I miss you, boy... A SHADOW appears behind Jud, growing as it approaches -- Jud_startles, turning to see Louis standing behind him.
35) 7) dialog: That's my dog Biffer right there. Jud’'s gaze drifts to the deadfall again, lost in memory.
35) 8) dialog: Death changes you when you’re a kid. Gets into your bones. Louis takes another swig of whisky, studying Jud’s face.
35) 10) dialog: (softly) I need to see it... Jud picks up the sheet with the cat and walks away.
36) 0) text: Louis drops to the ground on the other side. He takes a f cautious steps, shovel still gripped in his hand, scannin the dark trees. There’s nothing. No sign of Jud. Then -- The flicker of Jud’s flashlight. Louis follows.
36) 4) dialog: Louis pushes over a low rise to FIND -- 32.
37) 0) text: A low SWAMP with clumps of GRASS jutting out of the black water. Fog curls as Jud wades out into the shallow marsh.
37) 3) dialog: Over there. Louis follows Jud’s finger to SEE -- A circular MOUND OF DIRT sticking out of the marsh.
37) 5) dialog: It has to be right there. Jud sloshes up onto the mound of dirt. Louis calls out --
37) 8) dialog: Can’t you hear that? It’s alive. Louis shakes his head, sloshing out into the bog. He step up onto the mound of dirt, tossing the shovel down. Church’s dead face stares up at him in the moonlight.
37) 9) dialog: Bury your cat. Right here.
37) 11) dialog: Bury your cat. CLOSE as the shovel slams into the ground. Dirt. Shovel. Dirt. Shovel. Dirt. Shovel. Low and rhythmic like a heartbeat as a hole opens in the ground. Louis slides Church into the hole, pulling dirt over the He tries to wipe it off on his pants as Jud steps into fr Staring down at Louis as we --
40) 0) text: Louis stomps through the trees to Jud’s house. UP AHEAD w see Jud chopping wood on a stump behind his cottage.
41) 0) text: WHACK!! The axe comes down splitting a piece of wood. Jud glances up at Louis, cigarette smoldering in his mout he sets another piece of wood on the stump.
41) 1) dialog: Louis. Louis glances back to his house to see if anyone’s around
41) 3) dialog: That’s what you wanted, wasn’t it? Louis thinks about this. There’s some truth to that. 37.
41) 5) dialog: Ellie happy he’s back?
41) 7) dialog: Then maybe just leave it alone? WHACK!! Wood splits as the axe comes down. Louis stares a Jud for a moment. The conversation appears to be over.
55) 6) dialog: I was exactly Ellie’s age when Biffer got hit. Guy who did it was drunk. Made me swear not to tell my parents what happened. REVERSE to reveal Louis sitting across from Jud.
55) 7) dialog: He told me he could fix my dog. Said he knew how to bring him back. Louis takes a swallow from a glass of whisky. Transfixed.
55) 8) dialog: He took me up to that place, the marsh behind the pet cemetery. Said people around here been using it for years.
55) 10) dialog: To fix the dead. Jud reaches for his whisky as this hangs in the air --
55) 11) dialog: You gotta understand, Louis... I never thought Church would be any trouble. He was so gentle. Just a big, lazy cat... There’s something more in Jud’s eyes. Something hidden. Jud takes
55) 13) dialog: He came back. Just like the man said he would. Was fine for a while, too...
55) 15) dialog: Something had changed. He was mean. Started biting people. Damn dog nearly ripped the tendons out of my mother’s leg. (MORE )
55) 17) dialog: That’s when my daddy put him down... for the second time. Louis’ eyes harden, his hands shaking --
55) 19) dialog: That place gets inside you. Some part of me always knew I’d go back. I needed to see it again.
55) 21) dialog: God, I’m sorry, Louis. I was wrong. The ground up there is sour. It’s sour...
55) 23) dialog: Whatever killed the Mi’kmaq is still alive. It lives in that swamp. And it’s inside Church now. (beat) You have to kill him, Louis. It’s not safe to have that cat around. OFF Louis’ face we --
60) 11) dialog: Good lungs on that kid! The kids all jockey for cake as Rachel and Louis pass out plates and pour champagne. Ellie drifts away from the par She stands back away from the group, noticing something through the parked cars. An animal walking in the road. Ellie wanders over to the road. Gage sees her and follows she slides through parked cars, not believing her eyes -- A cat is walking down the middle of the street.
64) 0) text: Louis sits in front of a plate of untouched food. His kne bouncing up and down nervously, lost in thought. He pushes the food away, going to the cabinet and pulling down a bottle of whisky. INT. JUD’S HOUSE - NIGHT Footsteps on the porch. The door swings open to REVEAL -- Louis standing there, poison thoughts stirring in his hea
64) 3) dialog: Saw Rachel leave earlier. Imagine she took Gage with her? Louis pours two stiff whiskies. Jud takes his and sits ba in his chair, firing up a cigarette. Louis nods.
64) 5) dialog: What about the cat?
65) 0) text: Branches sway. Moonlight piercing the canopy from above. We see Louis and Jud talking through the window.
66) 0) text: Time has passed. Ashtray full. Louis on the couch, watchi as Jud tries to stamp out his cigarette. He’s drunk.
66) 1) dialog: This is my fault. I should never have shown you that place... Louis looks down, barely able to hear those words.
66) 3) dialog: Grief poisons a man. It makes you do things... Louis watches Jud. The old man is slurring now, delirious
66) 4) dialog: It won’t stop now. It used Church to get to Ellie. It wants more. Jud looks up at Louis, suddenly focused, eyes wet with te
66) 5) dialog: I’m sorry, Louis. Ellie was the first person to touch my heart ina a long time. I didn’t want to see her go through all that pain... The glass slips from Jud’s hand, falling to the rug.
66) 6) dialog: Dammit... Jud tries to stand up, losing balance. Louis comes over.
66) 8) dialog: Just need to close my eyes. Louis stands over Jud, looking down as he passes out, the 60. Thump, thump, thump...
72) 0) text: Louis crosses the lawn with Ellie’s body slung across his arms. As he ducks through the trees, he looks at over at JUD'S HOUSE. A single light in the window. No movement. Jud_is still passed out. Louis slips up the trail, disappearing into the woods. 62.
77) 2) text: Then we hear a SOUND nearby, something moving through the trees. Louis walks slowly around the side of the house -- There’s nothing. Just trees and shadows. He seems deflate When he turns back around -- JUD IS STANDING BEHIND HIM.
77) 3) dialog: What time you leave last night? I must’ve passed out... Louis closes the garbage bin to conceal his muddy clothes
77) 5) dialog: Wanna play some cards? I could cook something on the grill. Louis slides his hands into his pockets, moving to the do
77) 7) dialog: I'll bring some food over. You're gonna have to take a break... Louis slips back into the house --
90) 3) dialog: Ellie. Jud looks up at Louis. His secret exposed.
90) 8) dialog: What everyone else does. You’re supposed to suffer. ELLIE peeks through the curtain, watching Louis and Jud.
90) 10) dialog: You couldn’t even put Church down --
90) 12) dialog: I couldn't stop myself... that place gets into your blood... He looks up at Louis, determined --
90) 13) dialog: (whispering) She's gonna go bad. Just like Biffer did. Just like Church.
90) 15) dialog: Ellie’s not a cat, Louis. She’s dangerous.
90) 17) dialog: Not anymore. 75. Jud turns and walks back to his house. After a BEAT, Loui reaches for the door, heading inside as --
96) 0) text: Rain pours down through the trees, hitting the leaves in heavy wet drops. We hear something moving in the woods as Jud steps into frame. His huge body in silhouette, watchi the Creed House through the trees. Jud moves closer, moving a branch to get a better look -- A light is on in Ellie’s room. The window open, curtains billowing in the wind. After a BEAT they settle, revealin Ellie standing in the window. Looking out at the woods. H eyes are closed, head tilted slightly back. Jud moves closer, pulling a branch aside to see better. The curtains billow again, blocking our view of Ellie. As the wind settles she comes back into view and we SEE -- SHE’S LOOKING RIGHT AT US! Jud pulls back into the trees, heart racing. Rain comes d around him as he builds the courage to look again -- This time, Ellie is gone. The window is empty. Jud turns back, heading for his house. 79.
99) 0) text: Ellie sneaks through the trees toward Jud’s house. She pauses, seeing a light in the window. As she moves closer Jud_lunges out of the bushes, trying to grab her!
99) 1) text: Ellie swings the knife, slicing Jud’s hand. He slips backwards as she scampers away into the woods. Jud pulls himself up, reaching for his light. JUD’S POV of the dark woods. Ellie is nowhere to be found
100) 0) text: Jud comes around the front of his house to SEE -- The front door is open. He comes up the wooden steps, pausing at the threshold.
100) 1) dialog: Ellie. Come on out of there. FOLLOW as Jud walks slowly through the door into --
101) 0) text: Jud stands in the dark room, eyes adjusting to the light. listens to the empty room, taxidermy staring silently at As he crosses to the kitchen we catch a GLIMPSE of -- Ellie passing across a doorway behind him.
101) 1) text: Jud spins around, heart pounding. 80.
101) 2) dialog: Dammit, Ellie. Just come out. Jud walks to a drawer, reaching in to pull out a REVOLVER He clicks it open to check the bullets. It’s full. He fli the chamber closed, walking to the kitchen.
101) 3) dialog: I just want to talk to you. No answer from the house. He moves through a door into a long, dark hallway leading to his bathroom and bedroom. Jud stands in the hallway for a beat. His bedroom door is open. He takes a few cautious steps, gun held out.
101) 4) dialog: I know you’re scared. I’m scared, too. Jud moves down the hallway to the bathroom. He holds the with one hand as he slowly turns the knob with the other Pushing the door open and sweeping the gun around.
101) 5) text: The bathroom is empty. Just a toilet, empty bath, sink. Jud backs up, continuing down the hallway to his bedroom. He taps the door with his foot and it swings open slowly a horrible creak. He inches forward into the room -- The bedroom is empty. Moonlight filtering through curtain Jud moves around the bed to the closet. He opens it to SE Nothing but old clothes hanging there. He peeks behind th He turns, walking past the bed as we DRIFT DOWN to reveal Ellie under the bed. Gleaming SCALPEL clutched in her han
101) 6) text: She screams, swinging her hand out with the blade and -- Slicing Jud’s ACHILLES TENDON. Jud screams, falling to the ground. He rolls over on his side to see Ellie sliding backwards under the bed and aim BAM! BAM!! Jud fires two shots under the bed but Ellie is gone. He moans, his leg bleeding badly as he tries to pul himself up but his foot won’t support his weight. 81. Jud rolls onto his back, taking a breath --
101) 7) dialog: Come on out, Ellie. Where are you? He pushes himself up with one hand, craning his head to l around the dark room. No sign of Ellie anywhere. He rolls onto his knees, sitting up higher as we NOTICE - Ellie crouched on the dresser behind him like a FERAL CAT
101) 8) text: Jud freezes, sensing Ellie’s presence -- CLOSE on his hand: silently cocking his revolver. Ellie screams, leaping from the dresser into the air -- The knife flashing in the light as Jud spins and fires!
101) 9) text: The bullet hits a photo on the wall, shattering the glass Ellie lands on Jud, knocking him to the ground and SLAMMI The scalpel into his chest. Jud gasps, grabbing Ellie with his hands, holding her bac
101) 11) dialog: I was friends with Ellie. Not you. Ellie smiles at Jud. Her eyes have gone PURE BLACK. Evil like that black swamp water.
101) 12) dialog: Let your parents live. Ellie's death was punishment enough... Ellie reaches down, forcing the revolver in Jud’s hand to point back under his chin.
101) 15) text: EXT. JUD’'S HOUSE - SAME TIME A muffled pop from inside the house as we --
119) 0) text: Rachel comes out of the trees in front of Jud’s house. She pauses, looking up at the house. A single light on.
124) 4) text: Rachel screams, turning away. Then she remembers somethin 99. There was_a REVOLVER in Jud’s hand.
124) 5) text: Rachel forces herself to look again. She slowly moves closer, stepping over sticky blood squirming with maggots She winces, holding her breath as she reaches Jud’s hand, sliding the gun out of his stiff fingers.