8) 5) dialog: You gonna be okay? Ellie nods but we can see she’s a little unsure.
8) 7) dialog: They're going to love you, El. Rachel comes over, taking a last look at their old house
9) 0) text: Louis drives while Rachel navigates. Ellie and Gage sit i back, Church in his pet carrier between them. Gage bangs Church's carrier with a toy to get Ellie’s attention.
9) 6) dialog: No. We’re not lost. (to Rachel) Are we?
9) 9) dialog: Think about it, El. Your back yard is going to be a whole forest. Ellie looks out the window.
9) 12) dialog: Hang on, everyone. Louis makes the turn onto a narrow two lane road.
11) 0) text: Louis rubs his eyes. Gage has fallen asleep. Rachel stare out at big homes set back in the trees. After a BEAT --
11) 4) dialog: Having second thoughts?
11) 7) dialog: (quietly) Everyone okay? Ellie and Rachel nod as the dog walks slowly around the c Gage opens his sleepy eyes as the dog pauses, looking at
12) 0) text: Crickets so loud it’s almost unnatural. Headlights flicke in the trees as the station wagon creeps up the driveway. Louis parks by a large two-story home with wraparound woo porch and swing. The same house from the opening sequence Rachel pulls Gage out of his seat as Ellie walks to her father, taking his hand, staring up at the stars overhead The night is warm. A light wind. Dark and magical.
12) 2) dialog: We do. You just can’t see ‘em.
12) 5) dialog: (nodding) Front door should be open. Movers dropped everything off today. Ellie opens the door, standing for a moment in the doorwa Then she takes off running from room to room, switching o lights, her excited voice echoing through empty spaces.
13) 0) text: The house is partially unpacked, boxes and rugs lying aro Church lies on his favorite cushion in the front window a Louis and Rachel unpack boxes in the living room. Louis prepares to nail a picture hanger into the wall --
13) 2) dialog: Did Ellie finish her room? BEHIND HIM Church stretches and jumps down to the floor. As Rachel and Louis continue talking we drop into -- CAT POV weaving through boxes, down the hallway into the kitchen, across the room to his food bowl. Church pauses, hungrily finishing what’s left in the bowl Back in CAT POV as we slip under the table and out into t hallway. Our POV turns to see a door sitting open. We approach. Church stands at the door, sniffing the damp air. We hear Louis looking for Ellie somewhere in the house.
13) 3) dialog: Ellie? Where’d you go? Church pushes the basement door open, slipping down into
14) 5) dialog: Found you! He grabs Ellie as she giggles and squirms away.
15) 15) dialog: You okay? Ellie speaks softly, her mind racing with scary thoughts.
15) 17) dialog: Everyone has to die sometime. That’s how life works.
15) 20) dialog: When someone dies... even a cat or a doggie... their body goes into the ground but that doesn’t mean they’re gone forever... OFF Ellie’s confused look --
15) 21) dialog: Remember when Nana passed away and we all flew down to Florida? Ellie nods.
15) 24) dialog: I don’t know if it works like that exactly. No one really knows -- Rachel shoots Louis a look and he quickly switches gears.
15) 25) dialog: You don’t need to worry about any of this stuff because Church and me and mommy are going to be around for a long, long time.
15) 27) dialog: Promise. Louis and Rachel lean in to kiss Ellie good night as we - 13. PUSH past Ellie’s worried face to the dark WOODS outside.
15) 30) dialog: You're the one who said dead people watch us from the sky. That’s pretty creepy for a kid.
15) 33) dialog: I’m just injecting an element of reality into her life. Everything you're selling is a fairy tale. A flicker of pain in Rachel’s eyes --
15) 34) dialog: I’m sorry. I didn’t mean your sister... Rachel sits on the edge of the bed.
15) 36) dialog: You're right. I’m sorry. Let’s live the fairy tale. Rachel folds into Louis’ chest, kissing him.
24) 0) text: Jud sits in a chair as Ellie performs a dance for him. Lo and Rachel sit on the couch with Gage curled on Rachel’s This is Ellie’s favorite thing, spinning through the room free and easy, swooping past her parents to make them lau Jud sips a beer, enjoying the show as Ellie finishes with pirouette. Ellie beams, taking a bow. Everyone claps. Louis starts rummaging in a wooden cabinet --
24) 1) dialog: Want another drink, Jud? Think I have some scotch here somewhere...
24) 3) dialog: Didn't realize you were married. (to Rachel) We should've invited his wife over.
24) 8) dialog: We'll have you over again, Jud. Nice to meet you.
25) 3) dialog: Was looking for these. The family rushes outside as Louis reaches back to pull t kitchen door closed. Slamming it a little too hard. The barrier on the cat door slides down with a THUNK!
28) 0) text: Louis holds a chart as he enters an exam room. A STRANGE LOCAL WOMAN sits in a chair, leg in a compression stockin
28) 1) dialog: Morning, Mrs. Hughes. Wanna tell me what’s going on with that ankle? The woman’s face knits into a grimace of disappointment.
28) 3) dialog: That’s because I’m new. My name’s Doctor Louis Creed. I’m taking over for Bill Jacobson. The woman begrudgingly extends her swollen foot.
30) 0) text: Louis comes down the hallway exhausted from a long day. T Nurses run past him the other way.
30) 1) dialog: What is it?
30) 3) dialog: What do we know?
30) 5) dialog: Victor? Can you hear me? The Boy moves his head, his single working eye finding Lo He moves his mouth, trying to speak as blood gurgles out
30) 7) dialog: You're not dying, Victor. Stay with me, okay? Stay with me... They turn a corner into a TREATMENT AREA as the paramedic quickly transfer Victor to the table. A nurse peeks in. 24.
30) 9) dialog: Victor. Listen to me. We’ve got a helicopter on the way. I just need you to stay focused on my voice. Victor tries to speak, his eye wide with fear.
30) 11) dialog: No, Victor. Just stay with me. (to the nursing staff) We need a hemostat on the femoral artery. Prep two units of blood. There’s a buzz on the machine as Victor’s heart stops.
30) 12) dialog: Goddammit. He’s coding! Louis immediately begins compressions on Victor’s chest a Victor’s hand shoots out, gripping Louis’ arm. He pulls Louis down toward his gasping mouth. Trying to form words
30) 14) dialog: Feel what, Victor? Victor takes a ragged inhale. Eyes locked on Louis.
30) 16) dialog: Mark the time. 25. EXT. JUD’S HOUSE - DRIVEWAY - SAME TIME Church picks himself up in the driveway as we hear Jud cursing and cleaning the mess in his kitchen. We hear a rustling as Church turns to SEE -- That evil Dog from the opening emerges from the woods.
31) 0) text: Louis drives down the road, his mind still back in the ER distracted by the trauma of losing Victor Paskow. He absently flicks on his blinker, about to turn up the driveway when we hear a loud HOOOONK! Headlights fill Lou car as he looks up to SEE -- A HUGE 18 WHEELER roaring right toward his car.
31) 1) text: The truck veers into the shoulder, missing his car by inc Louis watches in the mirror as the huge truck rumbles pas freight train of chrome and dust, disappearing behind him He takes a breath and carefully pulls up the drive to fin Someone standing outside his house in the driveway. It’s Jud.
32) 0) text: Louis and Jud stare down at a LUMP on the washing machine 27.
32) 1) dialog: Jesus... what happened? Jud pulls the sheet back to reveal Church, bloody punctur wounds on his side, blood crusted on his nose and mouth.
32) 5) dialog: What do I tell Ellie? The move has already been so hard for her. This is going to break her heart. Jud watches Louis. An idea brewing in his head.
32) 7) dialog: I don’t know. Louis nods as he pulls the sheet back over the cat.
32) 8) dialog: You mind keeping him here while I go talk to Rachel? She’s better at figuring this stuff out.
32) 11) dialog: Yeah? Jud_wants to say something but decides against it.
33) 2) dialog: I saw him myself. His neck is broken. Louis sits next to Rachel as she starts to cry.
33) 4) dialog: (quietly) Maybe we can do a little burial up in that cemetery? Give Ellie a chance to say a proper goodbye.
33) 6) dialog: So what do we do? Rachel wipes her tears, formulating a decision -- 29.
33) 9) dialog: I'll take care of it with Jud.
34) 0) text: Louis heads back across the lawn, ducking through the tre EXT. JUD’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS As Louis gets close he notices the house is pitch black. comes up the porch, tapping lightly on the windows --
34) 1) dialog: (whispering) Jud? You asleep? No answer. Louis turns, thinking what to do when he SEES A flashlight heading up through the trees.
35) 5) dialog: I saw the flashlight. Louis reaches for the bottle in Jud’s hand, taking a swal
35) 6) dialog: Didn't think I’d make you do this all by yourself, did you? Jud gathers himself, pointing at his dog’s grave.
35) 9) dialog: Let’s get this done. Louis hands the bottle of whisky back to Jud, grabbing th shovel off the ground to dig a hole. As he starts to work Jud takes a step toward the deadfall --
35) 11) dialog: See what? Jud? 31. Jud ignores him, walking toward the deadfall. Louis follo holding the shovel in his hand as he stumbles in the dark But Jud is already climbing, scrambling over dead branche
35) 12) dialog: Where the hell are you going? Louis shouts as Jud disappears over the top of the deadfa
35) 13) dialog: This is fine right here! No answer. Jud is gone.
35) 14) dialog: Crazy old bastard. Louis starts to climb.
36) 0) text: Louis drops to the ground on the other side. He takes a f cautious steps, shovel still gripped in his hand, scannin the dark trees. There’s nothing. No sign of Jud. Then -- The flicker of Jud’s flashlight. Louis follows.
36) 1) dialog: Jud, wait up! Louis pushes through the trees, losing the trail. It’s pi black as dead branches scrape at his arms. He pauses, noticing something carved into the trunk of a tree -- A primitive SYMBOL. Native and ancient. Foreboding.
36) 2) dialog: The hell..? LOUIS’ POV blurs for a moment. The symbol on the tree wav as a buzzing sound builds in his head. Under that sound - A whispering in the trees. The sound of voices long dead. Louis pushes forward. There are more symbols now. Differe ones. Carved into the trees like some ancient warning.
36) 3) dialog: (calling out)
37) 1) dialog: What the hell are you doing? Jud ignores him, wading into the water. Louis comes to th edge of the bog. He pauses, his vision blurring again. Shadows shift and move. The darkness is alive.
37) 2) dialog: Jud, man. Stop. Jud pauses in the water, pointing at something --
37) 6) dialog: I don’t understand. What is this place? Jud drops the sheet with the cat on the ground, turning b to Louis. The wind swirls with that soft whispering voice
37) 10) dialog: This is crazy... Louis turns, stumbling back in the water. Then he stops. 33. The grass rustles around him. Wind whispering. He can’t leave and Jud knows it. This place won’t let him. Louis turns back to see Jud holding out the shovel.
39) 0) text: TRACK past muddy shoes and clothes scattered across the floor. SETTLE on Louis’ face sleeping in the bed as -- His eyes open. He sits up on his elbows. No memory of coming home or climbing into bed. He glances over at Rach sound asleep. His hands are still caked with dirt. Louis sits on the edge of the bed, trying to piece his me back together as a HAND reaches out for him. He jumps.
39) 2) dialog: Can't sleep. Louis gathers his clothes off the floor, stuffing them in the hamper as he walks to the shower. Rachel looks over.
39) 4) dialog: Yeah. It’s all done. Rachel slides out, walking over to the bathroom door.
39) 6) dialog: Nothing. We buried him. That’s it.
39) 8) dialog: I know. Rachel watches steam fill the bathroom. Something seems o in Louis’ voice. INT. ELLIE’S ROOM - LATER Ellie sleeps in her bed. The window is open, curtains blowing lightly in the breeze. Louis and Rachel enter.
39) 9) dialog: (whispering to Rachel) Did we leave that open? Louis goes to close it as Ellie wakes up.
39) 12) dialog: Church, honey. Jud and I went to look for him last night.
39) 15) dialog: Well, we don’t know for sure...
39) 17) dialog: Oh, honey. That was a different cat... one of the neighbor’s...
39) 20) dialog: (barely audible) Can't be... Rachel comes up next to Louis, giving him a “what the fuc look. He shakes his head, completely at a loss, reeling. Louis kneels down, reading the cats collar: CHURCHILL.
39) 22) dialog: Easy. Just want to take a look... Louis tries to reach for Church but the cat hisses, swatt his finger. Louis pulls his hand back. 36.
39) 23) dialog: Ouch! Church darts past Louis, running out of the room. Ellie slides out of bed, glaring at her dad.
39) 26) dialog: He... his neck was broken... Rachel shoots him a look as she goes after Ellie --
40) 0) text: Louis stomps through the trees to Jud’s house. UP AHEAD w see Jud chopping wood on a stump behind his cottage.
41) 0) text: WHACK!! The axe comes down splitting a piece of wood. Jud glances up at Louis, cigarette smoldering in his mout he sets another piece of wood on the stump.
41) 2) dialog: What’s going on? Church is walking around over there like nothing happened! Jud searches Louis’s face. He raises the axe.
41) 4) dialog: That cat was dead, Jud. His body was getting stiff.
41) 6) dialog: Of course she is. She’s thrilled.
42) 3) dialog: Hmm? No... not real... Rachel glares at Louis, annoyed.
42) 5) dialog: I’m sorry, El. I’m tired.
42) 7) dialog: Yeah... okay. Sorry guys. 38. Louis picks up his plate, walking into --
43) 0) text: Louis puts his plate in the sink, glancing out to the woo Then he notices something else in the window -- THE REFLECTION of Church sitting on the table behind him.
43) 1) text: Church’s image is surrounded by the trees outside, half i shadow. Sinister and evil. Louis turns around. He stares at the cat for a moment, sensing something stra Church just stares back with his yellow eyes.
43) 2) text: Louis goes to the cabinet, taking out a bag of kibble.
43) 3) dialog: Down to eight lives, buddy. Louis pours food in Church’s bowl, jiggling the bag. Church ignores him. Just staring back at Louis.
43) 4) dialog: Not hungry? That’s a first. Louis moves closer. He can see the puncture marks on Church's ribs, now scabbed and matted under dirty fur.
43) 5) dialog: (softly) What the hell happened to you?
44) 0) text: Louis lies on the bed as Rachel walks past him in her pajamas. She opens a drawer, pulling out a small wooden b
44) 2) dialog: I said his neck was broken. She comes back to the bed with a JOINT in her hand. She offers it to Louis. He shakes his head -- 39.
44) 3) dialog: I can’t tonight. My head. Rachel puts the joint in her side drawer, lying next to h
44) 5) dialog: Didn’t seem like shock. Seemed like dead. Rachel crawls onto Louis’ back to rub his shoulders.
44) 7) dialog: That’s what Jud said. Louis closes his eyes, finally relaxing a little. She lea down close, her hair spilling across his body.
44) 9) dialog: I love all of that except the part about your parents. Rachel makes a face, pushing down on his chest.
44) 11) dialog: Stoner. They kiss more passionately now, rolling together on the As it heats up we FLOAT past them to the door to REVEAL - Church sitting in the hallway watching them.
45) 0) text: CAT POV watching Rachel and Louis make love. After a BEAT The POV turns, gliding low and smooth over the floor, dow the hallway and around the corner to a slightly open door CHURCH sits outside Gage’s bedroom, nudging the door open with his nose. INT. GAGE’S ROOM - CONTINUOUS Back to CAT POV as Church slinks into the room, looking around, clocking the mobile on the wall, the night light, window, the crib. The POV moves closer to the crib. REVERSE to Church sitting outside the crib. Watching Gage sleep. His tail flicks nervously. Intense and focused. We hear Ellie’s voice from somewhere in the house.
47) 0) text: Rachel and Louis sleep with the window open. The breeze f the woods billows the curtain, a piece of paper flutters. As it settles we HEAR -- Those soft voices we heard in the woods.
47) 1) text: Louis suddenly opens his eyes in bed. Wide awake. He swallows, trying to assess if he is awake or dreaming. 41. The wind rises and the curtain billows, the paper flutter He shivers, sitting up on his elbows. Something doesn’t f right. The house is too quiet. He glances over --
47) 2) dialog: Rach? Hey, you awake..? No answer from Rachel. She’s sleeping on her side, facing the other way. Louis reaches over, shaking her gently --
47) 3) dialog: Did you close the window in Ellie’s room? Rach..? Louis shakes her again and she rolls back to REVEAL -- It’s Victor Paskow. White jaw bone gleaming through his shredded face. Louis pushes backwards, getting tangled in the sheets as -- Victor's hand clamps onto his leg.
47) 6) dialog: (unsure) I was... I must have been dreaming? Louis thinks about this for a moment. Then he NOTICES -- Church sitting on a chair nearby. Watching him.
47) 9) dialog: The whole thing with Church happened that night. Guess I just tried to put it out of my mind... Rachel comes over, sliding a chair close to him --
47) 11) dialog: He was a kid, Rach. Maybe five or six years older than Ellie. (glancing at her) If we were in Boston, I could have done more. Maybe saved his life.
49) 0) text: Headlights through the trees as Louis arrives home from w INT. ELLIE’S ROOM - LATER Ellie lies on her bed as Louis tapes gauze bandages to he legs where she was scratched.
49) 1) dialog: There you go, honey. All finished. Ellie rolls over, looking up at her father.
49) 4) dialog: I don’t know. Maybe living way out here is making him wild again. Ellie pulls up her blanket, face clouding up.
49) 7) dialog: Stephanie is coming up with her mom and dad to visit for Gage’s party. She could sleep over if you want? Ellie rolls back, looking up at Louis --
49) 9) dialog: (nodding) I don’t see why not. We got all the room in the world. A flicker of anticipation bounces into her eyes --
49) 11) dialog: She'll love it. Now get some rest. You have school in the morning... Louis kisses Ellie and clicks off the light. He walks to door, leaving it open a crack as he steps out into -- 45.
50) 0) text: Louis stops as he NOTICES -- Church sitting at the end of the hallway.
50) 1) text: Louis reaches back, closing Ellie’s door all the way unti clicks. He turns toward Church, shooing him with his hand
50) 2) dialog: (quietly) Get out of here! Church turns and scampers down the stairs as we --
51) 0) text: Louis drives slowly through the quaint business district. slows, searching for an address and pulls into a non-desc building marked COUNTY RECORDS OFFICE.
52) 0) text: Louis follows LIONEL HAVERING (70's), administrator of pu records and land deeds for the town of Ludlow. He talks a they walk down a hallway past a number of office doors.
52) 2) dialog: Our house, 2116 Bear Creek. It runs right up against the woods. Havering pauses as his SECRETARY hears the address. She shares a knowing glance with Havering then looks down. The Old Man opens his office door, waving Louis into -- INT. HAVERING’S OFFICE - CONTINUOUS Cramped with file cabinets, maps of the Ludlow on the wal stacks of files and papers shoved into messy piles. 46.
52) 3) dialog: You know the specific lot I’m talking about? Havering glances at Louis --
52) 6) dialog: We've met Jud. He’s a nice guy. Havering glances at Louis, a curious look on his face --
52) 9) dialog: I thought the Mi’kmagq died off in some kind of extinction event?
52) 11) dialog: What about the people who had the house before us? The Pearsons. 47.
52) 13) dialog: And the people before them? A beat as Havering studies Louis’ face --
55) 0) text: Rachel sobs as Louis consoles her.
55) 2) dialog: Shhh. It’s okay. Everyone’s okay. Rachel looks up at Louis, deep fear in her eyes --
55) 9) dialog: Using it for what?
55) 12) dialog: What happened with Biffer? a breath. This is hard. He looks at Louis --
55) 14) dialog: Then what?
55) 18) dialog: That night in the graveyard. You were already planning on going there, weren’t you? A long BEAT, then the truth comes spilling out --
55) 20) dialog: That was our cat. He nearly killed Gage today!! Jud looks up, pleading with Louis --
55) 22) dialog: Jesus. What do I do..?
56) 1) text: The shadow walks around the room heading for the CAT DOOR The cat door jiggles as Church pushes through. He walks o to the door leading to the rest of the house. 52. But there’s a chair wedged under the knob. Church freezes A figure moves in the shadows behind him. Louis has been sitting in the dark, waiting for Church to come home. He reaches over sliding the barrier on the cat door close Church turns as Louis steps closer, facing off with him.
56) 2) dialog: Game over. CLOSE on Church as he hisses and we --
57) 0) text: Louis holding the cat to the work bench with one hand in gardening glove as he reaches for a syringe with the othe Church hisses and claws at him. Defiant.
57) 1) dialog: Hold still. Just like going to sleep... Church stops fighting, switching his tactics. He looks up Louis. Frightened. Helpless. Innocent. The syringe quivers in Louis’ hand. He puts it down.
57) 2) dialog: Dammit. He looks over to see the plastic PET CARRIER in the corne
58) 0) text: Louis winds up a mountainous road, the carrier on the sea next to him. Church watches him through the wire door. Louis drives past mountains and lakes, deep into the Nati Forest. A sign reads: FOREST SERVICE VEHICLES ONLY. Louis kills the engine.
59) 0) text: Louis sets the pet carrier on the road, flipping the door open. Church steps out, looking up at Louis. 53.
59) 1) dialog: Good luck. CLOSE on Church in the middle of the road as Louis walks to the car and drives away. OFF the cat watching him we -
60) 0) text: Cars parked along the driveway, people mingling in the ya Kids run around in packs on the lawn, chasing each other. A table decked out with balloons, a cake with a giant num 3 candle. Rachel sips mimosas with GIRLFRIENDS from Bosto Louis sees Ellie sitting off by herself. He crosses the party, sitting next to Ellie on a bench.
60) 1) dialog: (to Ellie) Stephanie was looking for you.
60) 3) dialog: You still thinking about Church? She looks up at her dad, nodding with tears in her eyes.
60) 4) dialog: I got you something so he’1ll never be too far. Louis pulls out a silver necklace with a CAT PENDANT.
60) 6) dialog: I know but I thought you could use something, too. Ellie wipes her tears, turning around so her father can c it around her neck. Her fingers move to the silver cat.
60) 8) dialog: Now go have some fun, okay? Ellie runs off as we CUT TO -- VARIOUS SHOTS from the party. Ellie and her friend Stepha dancing in the grass, kids playing games in the yard, Lou and Rachel corral everyone around a cake to sing.
60) 16) dialog: Don’t you have him? 55. Louis looks around. There’s kids everywhere. It’s chaos.
60) 17) dialog: Gage? ON THE ROAD: Church is huge in the frame now. He’s been walking for days. Epic. Determined. Evil. Rachel sees Gage by the driveway, slipping through the ca
60) 20) dialog: Guys! I’m not playing monster. Rachel runs across the lawn past Louis, chasing after Gag
61) 0) text: Rachel and Louis stand by the grave holding Gage’s hand. It’s cold. Summer has broken. Fall around the corner. Thi time the image doesn’t fade. Instead, we stay on Rachel a Louis as the MINISTER finishes his eulogy. As he lowers his bible, all eyes turn to Rachel. She step up to a pile of FRESH EARTH, a small shovel sticking out. RACHEL’S POV into the grave. A_kid size coffin below. She reaches for the shovel but can’t bring herself to do Louis’ hand closing around hers. They’1ll do it together. Now looking up from inside the grave as Louis and Rachel scoop a pile of dirt and toss it down into the hole. The dirt lands on us, wiping us to BLACK.
62) 2) dialog: I have to transfer my patients and close my office. Three days tops. The sun flickers through the trees. Louis squints at Rach
62) 4) dialog: It’s better Gage isn’t here. I’11l come and meet you. He closes the trunk of the car, turning to Rachel. A long BEAT as he moves the hair out of her eyes. They hug again
62) 6) dialog: Better get going. Your parents don’t like to drive in the dark. Rachel gets in the car as Rachel’s father backs down the driveway. Louis waves at Gage until they’re out of sight Then he turns to face the house. And that cat.
63) 0) text: Louis comes around the side of the house. He’s carrying a white garbage bag with a CAT SIZED LUMP.
63) 2) text: Louis shoves the bag into the trash bin and drops the lid He turns and walks away. Numb. As he comes around the fro of the house, he pauses... looking out to the woods... LOUIS POV of the trail leading up to the cemetery and bey
64) 0) text: Louis sits in front of a plate of untouched food. His kne bouncing up and down nervously, lost in thought. He pushes the food away, going to the cabinet and pulling down a bottle of whisky. INT. JUD’S HOUSE - NIGHT Footsteps on the porch. The door swings open to REVEAL -- Louis standing there, poison thoughts stirring in his hea
64) 2) dialog: I could use some company. Jud goes to fetch a couple glasses. He drops ice into the and comes back, setting them on the coffee table.
64) 4) dialog: Boston. Her parent’s house.
64) 6) dialog: I took care of it. Jud watches Louis for a moment, drinking his whisky.
65) 0) text: Branches sway. Moonlight piercing the canopy from above. We see Louis and Jud talking through the window.
66) 0) text: Time has passed. Ashtray full. Louis on the couch, watchi as Jud tries to stamp out his cigarette. He’s drunk.
66) 2) dialog: We both had a hand in it.
66) 7) dialog: Take it easy. I’11 clean this up.
68) 0) text: Louis drives through town, face dark and determined. On the seat we see a bunch of ROPE, two SHOVELS, a plasti TARP, a BUCKET. The bottle of whisky.
69) 0) text: Louis drives slowly past the FUNERAL HOME where we saw Ellie's service, following the brick wall around to the b He shuts off the engine and lights, coasting quietly to a stop by the WROUGHT IRON GATES of the rear service entran
70) 0) text: A tarp wrapped around tools hits the ground with a THUD. A moment later, Louis drops to the ground. He stands up, wiping dirt of his torn pants. As he starts to collect hi tools, we hear a CAR approaching. He turns to SEE -- A POLICE CAR making rounds. Louis quickly grabs his tools, diving behind a pair of headstones. He rolls onto his back, holding his breath. The police car slows outside the gate, using a SEARCHLIGH scan the lock and the chains. The light sweeps just over Louis’ head.
70) 1) text: Then he notices his SHOVEL lying out in the open grass. As the light swings away, he reaches out and pulls the sh out of sight. The light swings back. It holds for a BEAT Then the police car moves on. 61. Louis gets up on his knees, watching as the police car ro around the corner. He quickly gathers his tools and ducks into the graveyard.
71) 0) text: A headstone by a freshly dug grave: May 9, 2006 - July 19 2016. Eleanor Rose Creed. Our beloved daughter. Louis drops his tools, staring at the name. The gruesome nature of his task sinking in. He leans on a nearby tree vomits. Then he unfolds the tarp and picks up a shovel -- And starts to dig. VARIOUS SHOTS of Louis digging. Shovel hitting ground. Ba breaking work. Dripping with sweat. The hole goes deeper. He’s waist deep now using the bucket to bring the soil up LATER Louis is deep in the hole. We can only see the top Louis’ head and the occasional shovel moving. More dirt. THUD! The dull, hollow sound of wood. Louis clears away soil from around the lid of the casket and slides the tip the shovel into the seam. He leans down -- CRAAAACK!!! Wood creaks and groans, starting to give way. CASKET POV looking up as the casket opens to REVEAL -- Louis standing over us. A length of rope in his hand. He stares down, emotions washing over him as he whispers --
71) 1) dialog: Just going to slide this rope around your chest... gonna get you out of here... take you home... As he voice fades we --
72) 0) text: Louis crosses the lawn with Ellie’s body slung across his arms. As he ducks through the trees, he looks at over at JUD'S HOUSE. A single light in the window. No movement. Jud_is still passed out. Louis slips up the trail, disappearing into the woods. 62.
73) 0) text: Louis hikes up the dark trail, cradling Ellie’s body as h walks. He passes under the PET SEMATARY sign, heading dee into the woods. Determined. Possessed. As he passes some trees we catch a quick GLIMPSE of -- A PERSON standing in the shadows. Watching him. Louis doesn’t notice as he continues up the dark trail.
74) 0) text: Louis steps out into the pet cemetery, thin shafts of moonlight illuminating the tilted markers and stones. He still holds Ellie in his arms, her dress spilling out his hands, legs bouncing stiffly as he walks. Louis approaches the DEADFALL, pausing to shift Ellie’s b in his hands as he prepares to climb the pile of branches
74) 2) dialog: Get away from me!!! As his voice rings out he looks again. Victor is gone.
74) 3) dialog: (quietly to himself) You're not even real... Louis looks down at Ellie’s face in the moonlight. She’s beautiful and innocent. Even in this horrible state. He approaches the deadfall again and begins to climb. 63.
75) 0) text: Louis stumbles into frame, coming to the edge of the wate with Ellie’s body in his arms. He stands for a moment, a silhouette against the black water. Staring out at -- The mound of dirt peeking up through the fog.
75) 1) text: Louis pushes out into the water, wading over to the groun the center of the bog. As he lays Ellie’s body down -- We hear the WHISPERING VOICES in the trees.
75) 2) text: The voices rise, swirling like the wind in shifting layer ANGLE on Ellie’s face. Eyes closed in the moonlight. Louis reaches for a stone on the ground, slamming it into dirt. CLOSE as he digs, rips, pulls away dirt. Obsessed. As he digs we WIDEN to REVEAL -- The wild dog from the opening on the shore of the marsh.
75) 3) text: Watching Louis dig with its pure black eyes. LATER. Louis sits over a shallow grave. Hands black with dirt. As he turns to pull Ellie’s body into the hole he SEES -- Her eyes are open now. Staring right at him. The VOICES are louder now. Powerful. Growing urgent as -- Louis quickly drags Ellie into the shallow grave.
75) 5) dialog: I’m sorry, baby... Ellie's feet disappear, her legs, her dress, her hands.
75) 6) dialog: I’m so sorry... Louis pulls the last of the dirt over Ellie’s face. The voices suddenly stop. Louis turns away from the grave ashamed and sick to his stomach in the horrible silence. Then his face changes. What has he just done? He drops to his knees, pulling the loose dirt away -- 64.
75) 7) dialog: No, Ellie... no, no! I’m sorry.. But there’s nothing there. Ellie’s body is gone.
76) 0) text: Louis busies himself in the yard, picking up the kid’s to He glances over at the woods. LOUIS’ POV of that trail leading up into the trees. There’s no sign of movement. No sign of Ellie. He goes back inside. INT. ELLIE’S ROOM - DAY Louis pushes the door open and steps inside. He hasn’t be in here since Ellie’s death. It’s dark and musty. He opens the shades and cracks the window. He strips the and puts on new sheets. He arranges her stuffed animals.
77) 0) text: Louis shoves his muddy clothes in the trash. He looks dow The bag with Church’s body is there.
77) 2) text: Then we hear a SOUND nearby, something moving through the trees. Louis walks slowly around the side of the house -- There’s nothing. Just trees and shadows. He seems deflate When he turns back around -- JUD IS STANDING BEHIND HIM.
77) 4) dialog: I don’t know, around midnight... Jud notices Louis’ hands. Raw_and blistered from digging.
77) 6) dialog: Maybe tomorrow. I need to start packing...
77) 8) dialog: It’s okay, Jud. Rachel left me plenty of food. OFF Jud’s face, watching as the door closes we --
78) 0) text: Louis sits at the table, talking to Rachel on the phone -
78) 1) dialog: Has he been asking about Ellie? (beat, he sighs) House is almost done. Still have to finish up at the clinic... 66. A DOOR creaks somewhere in the house. Louis looks up.
78) 2) dialog: Rachel... hang on a minute... Louis peeks into the hallway, holding the phone in his ha The house is dark and quiet. He walks down the hallway into --
79) 0) text: Louis stands in the middle of the room. We can hear Rache still talking on the other end as he looks around. There’s a soft tapping noise. He turns around to SEE -- The front door is open. The screen tapping in the wind.
79) 1) dialog: Rach, sorry. I think Jud is coming over. Let me call you in the morning. I will. Love you, too. Louis hangs up the phone, setting it down. He walks towar the front door, peering out the window at the empty yard. He opens the door, stepping out onto --
80) 0) text: Wood creaks under his weight, moths flutter around the li Louis comes down onto the grass, standing for a moment in yard. The screen door taps behind him in the wind. Louis shivers, his mind playing tricks. Still nothing the As he comes back up the porch, Louis freezes on the top s ELLIE'S MUD COVERED SHOES SIT BY THE FRONT DOOR.
80) 1) text: Louis steps closer, barely able to breathe. The shoes Ellie was buried in. Thick with black mud. There’s a small muddy HAND PRINT on the wall by the door.
80) 2) text: Louis pulls the screen door open, stepping back into -- 67.
81) 0) text: Louis steps into the room. Empty spaces and shadows sudde feel huge, the silence filled with tension and dread. We hear a creak on the ceiling and he looks at the stairs
81) 1) dialog: (barely audible) El? Louis starts up the stairs, pausing at the top. The hallw is dark and long. Ellie’s door hangs open -- A light spills out of her room. The purple night light. Then something moves. A SHADOW fluttering inside the room Louis comes down the hallway, heart pounding. The shadow inside the room twists and turns as he reaches for the do Louis approaches the door, pulling it open to SEE -- INT. ELLIE’S ROOM - CONTINUOUS The night light on. Purple butterflies float across the wall. Both windows are open, curtains fluttering in the breeze. That’s what was making the shadow. Louis walks across the room, closing the windows. Then he pauses, sensing something behind him in the closet -- The same closet where Church hid when he first returned. Louis walks over, hand pulling the door open to REVEAL -- Nothing inside but Ellie’s clothes and toys.
81) 3) text: Louis pulls Ellie’s dress out, unfolding it in his hands. Lace ripped and stained with black muddy dirt.
82) 0) text: Louis comes out of door, looking around. The hall is empt
82) 1) dialog: Ellie? She's playing a game. He steps out, heading down the stai
83) 0) text: A HAND reaches inside, clicking on the overhead light. Lo looks into the darkness, terrified of what he might find. The bulb overhead makes his shadow long as he comes down stairs. He peeks under the work bench. Nothing there. He turns to the CUBBY HOLE. Ellie’s secret hiding place. Louis comes over, kneeling down. He reaches out, taking h of the small curtain, hands shaking as he pulls it open - The cubby is empty. Louis deflates again. Is this real? Is he losing his mind As he sits back up we NOTICE --
83) 2) text: Her head is lowered, looking out of the top of her eyes, caked with dried black mud, hair hanging in stringy clump RACK FOCUS to bring her into focus. Eyes glued to Louis. Louis doesn’t see her. He’s too absorbed in disappointmen as she rises up to standing, coming closer, reaching out tiny mud caked fingers, hand coming to rest on his should
83) 5) dialog: You’re home, baby. CLOSE on Louis’ face, holding Ellie tight --
83) 6) dialog: Home.
84) 1) dialog: Tilt your head back. She does. Louis gently pours water over her head, careful not to get it in her eyes. She looks straight ahead. Louis brushes out Ellie’s hair, pulling gently down throu heavy strands. Ellie winces as he gets caught on a tangle
84) 4) dialog: Sorry. Mom usually does this. He pulls the brush away from her head. There’s something under the hair he keeps getting snagged on -- Louis uses his fingers to slide her hair aside to REVEAL MORTICIAN’S STAPLES holding the back of her scalp down. Louis closes his eyes, turning away. He lets the hair fal back over the wound. Ellie looks up in the mirror.
84) 6) dialog: Just a tangle. 70. INT. ELLIE’S ROOM - NIGHT Ellie lies in her bed, covers pulled up as Louis turns do the lights. She shivers, scared. Louis sits with her.
84) 7) dialog: What is it, honey?
84) 9) dialog: (lying) The truck in the road hit him. Ellie sits up, eyes locked on Louis --
84) 11) dialog: Church is dead, honey. I’m sorry. Louis gets up to turn down the light. Behind him we HEAR
84) 14) dialog: Of course, honey. Come on... A flicker of a sinister smile in Ellie’s eyes as she slid out of bed, reaching for Louis’ hand.
85) 0) text: Louis lies in bed, staring at the ceiling. Ellie lies fac him, curled up under the covers. She reaches out with her finger, tracing it across his face. He can barely breathe
85) 2) dialog: They went to Grandma and grandpa’s for a couple days.
85) 4) dialog: A couple more days... Ellie keeps her eyes on him. He's hiding something.
85) 6) dialog: Shh, baby. It’s late. Time to sleep. Louis reaches over and clicks off the light. As he lies b on his pillow, Ellie has moved closer. Inches from his fa
85) 8) dialog: (terrified) Love you too, El. Louis closes his eyes, praying for sleep to take him. MOVE IN on Ellie’s face, lying in the darkness, eyes open Staring at Louis in the moonlight.
87) 0) text: Louis wakes up in bed with a start. He rolls over but Ell is gone. He looks around the bed, heart skipping a beat.
87) 1) dialog: Ellie??? Then we hear something. Music on the stereo downstairs.
88) 0) text: Louis comes down the stairs in disbelief. Ellie is there she’s doing what she loves most. She’s dancing. Louis comes into the room, watching as she gets lost in t graceful joy of the dance. Spins around. Alive and free. It’s beautiful, sweet, tender, gentle. Tears flow down Louis’ face but he’s not sad. His heart is full again. Ellie sees him and smiles. Spinning faster and laughing.
88) 1) dialog: Careful, sweetie... Ellie lets out an excited yell as she twirls past Louis. Now her movements are too fast. Aggressive and dangerous, striking the wall, kicking over a chair.
88) 2) dialog: Ellie, stop it! Stop! But she can’t. She won’t. She’s out of control. Louis tries to grab her but she bites his arm and ducks a Running past Louis and down the hallway, out into --
89) 0) text: Ellie bursts out of the house, laughing and breathing har She pauses for a moment, feeling the sun on her face. It’ glorious. Louis appears in the doorway, looking around.
89) 1) dialog: Ellie! Dammit! Get back inside. Ellie’s face sharpens, her eyes convicting him -- 73.
89) 3) dialog: Goddammit, Ellie... come back!! Louis dives for her but she ducks away, sprinting around garbage bins and down the side of the house to --
90) 0) text: Ellie swoops across the open lawn with her arms outstretc like an airplane as Louis comes running up behind her.
90) 4) dialog: (sharp, to Ellie) Get back inside. Ellie looks from her father to Jud. Then she turns, walki casually over to the house, lingering in the doorway.
90) 6) dialog: No. Inside. Now. Ellie sticks her tongue out at Louis and goes inside. 74. Jud turns to Louis, fuming behind his cold eyes.
90) 7) dialog: What was I supposed to do?
90) 9) dialog: I'll take care of it.
90) 11) dialog: (angry) None of this would’ve happened if you hadn’t shown me that place!!! Jud drops his eyes. He knows this is true.
90) 14) dialog: What was I supposed to do? I just wanted to tuck her into bed one more time, kiss her goodnight... Louis hands his head, ashamed.
90) 16) dialog: She’s my daughter. ELLIE'S POV: listening and watching as Jud speaks --
90) 21) dialog: Jesus, El. Please don’t do that.
91) 0) text: Ellie sits on the couch, watching quietly as Louis begins packing up the house into boxes. We see his DOCTOR BAG sitting on the table.
91) 3) dialog: We're going back to Boston for a little while. Ellie watches him closely. Searching for the truth.
91) 5) dialog: Yes. All of us. A BEAT while this lie hangs in the room. Then -- The phone rings. Louis glances at the screen.
91) 6) dialog: It’s mommy. Ellie gets up, coming closer --
91) 8) dialog: Not quite yet, okay? I don’t think she’s ready. Ellie pouts, standing just behind Louis as he answers --
91) 9) dialog: Rachel, hi. How are you guys? MOVE in on Ellie’s face listening as we --
92) 2) dialog: Been busy with the house. Something is off in Louis’ voice.
92) 4) dialog: I just need some space right now.
92) 6) dialog: I miss you, too.
92) 8) dialog: No, Rach. Don’t do that. MOVE in on Ellie standing just behind her dad. She smiles
93) 0) text: Ellie in her pajamas sitting in front of a bowl of cereal Louis sits across from her, watching as she lifts the spo to her mouth. Food tastes strange to her now. Foreign. She sets the spoon down, pushing the bowl away.
93) 4) dialog: He was just surprised to see you back, is all...
93) 6) dialog: It’s nothing. He’s just concerned. Ellie moves closer, staring up at him. Louis can’t move b any further, body pressing up against the sink. Then Ellie holds out her hand with a creepy smile. 78.
94) 0) text: Louis sleeps in the bed as wind rattles the windows. PAN over to SEE -- Ellie watching him in the darkness. After a BEAT -- She quietly slips out of bed.
102) 0) text: Louis asleep in the bed. His bedroom door swings open to reveal Ellie standing in the doorway. Just a silhouette. Then she steps into the room and we see she’s returned to normal. Her eyes are clear. Just an innocent little girl. She walks to the edge of the bed, standing over Louis to watch him sleep. He seems so defenseless. Vulnerable. For a horrible BEAT we wonder what she’s about to do -- Then Louis wakes up. He sits, startled to see Ellie there
102) 1) dialog: El, you okay? She drops her eyes, pouting a little.
102) 3) dialog: (groggy) You're okay. Just a dream.. As Louis falls asleep we TRACK in on Ellie lying in his a staring out the window at the rain falling outside.
104) 0) text: Louis wakes up to the sound of tires rolling over gravel. He slides out of bed, walking to the window to SEE -- Rachel pulling up the driveway in her father’s car.
104) 4) dialog: Maybe you can give her a little time to get adjusted before. .?
104) 6) dialog: Of course, honey. It’s just, it’s going to take some time.
104) 8) dialog: Okay, great. I’11 go talk to her.
105) 0) text: Louis comes slowly down the stairs as we HEAR -- Footsteps on the porch. The front door opens and Gage bur inside, running up to his father.
105) 2) dialog: I missed you so much. Wait a second, did you get bigger? Gage squeals with laughter as his dad lifts him up and do Then Louis notices Rachel in the doorway. He sets Gage do
105) 4) dialog: Hi. They come together, hugging. This is the first time in da that Louis has felt fully alive. He doesn’t want to let g
105) 6) dialog: I missed you, too. Rachel walks into the house. She pauses, looking around. Nothing has been packed.
105) 8) dialog: It was hard, Rach... Rach moves around seeing Ellie’s sneakers by the wall, he scooter by the door, her sweatshirt on a chair. She shakes her head, looking back at Louis --
105) 12) dialog: Rach, it’s not like that --
105) 20) dialog: That place behind the Pet Cemetery where Jud and I buried Church... it’s a special place, Rach. It has power. Rachel glances at Ellie in horror, then back to Louis --
105) 22) dialog: It’s real. It worked with Church, too. It brings things back. Ellie stands in front of Rachel now. Looking down at her mother, majestic and powerful. Somehow alive and dead. Rachel looks at Louis, fear turning to dread --
105) 24) dialog: Of course, I did. How could I not, knowing it would bring her back? 86. Ellie reaches out for her mother. A moan slips out of Rachel’s mouth as Ellie’s hand traces across her cheek.
106) 0) text: Rachel sits on the lid of the toilet, eyes red from cryin We hear Louis knock softly, his voice through the door.
106) 1) dialog: Rachel? Can I come in? The door opens and Louis slips inside, looking down at he
106) 3) dialog: It doesn’t matter. She’s back.
106) 5) dialog: Shhh, okay. Keep your voice down. Louis sits on the edge of the bathtub, taking a deep brea
106) 6) dialog: It’s been like this for hundreds of years. That place has power. As he continues to explain we CUT OUTSIDE THE DOOR --
109) 0) text: Rachel has stopped crying now, leaning close to Louis --
109) 2) dialog: It was different with Ellie.
111) 0) text: Ellie plays with Gage on the lawn, chasing and giggling a they roll around in the grass. BEHIND THEM -- Rachel watches from the porch. Her face is blank. Numb. 90. Louis comes out, sitting next to her. After a BEAT --
111) 1) dialog: We'll do it tonight. After dinner. She glances over at him, a glimmer of hope in her eyes.
111) 2) dialog: It was wrong... I’m so sorry... His eyes tear up. Rachel pulls him close, hugging him.
112) 0) text: Gage carries silverware behind Louis, carefully placing a fork on each folded napkin as Louis lays out the plates.
112) 1) dialog: That’s it, Gage. One fork for everyone. Ellie enters with a bowl of spaghetti and red sauce.
112) 4) dialog: Should we do our thankful fors? Louis nods at Ellie as they all hold hands.
112) 7) dialog: I’m thankful we’re all together. They all look at Rachel. She’s barely able to speak.
112) 13) dialog: Ellie... stop... please...
113) 2) text: Rachel looks at Louis, terror rising in her throat.
113) 8) text: When he looks back at Ellie he sees blackness swirling in eyes. For the first time Louis clearly sees her as someth other than his daughter. A monster. Hungry and evil. 93.
113) 9) dialog: Stop... The headlights swallow them up as Ellie stands in front o Rachel, hair blowing in the wind, streaks of swamp water leaking out of her black eyes and down her face. She smil
113) 11) text: CLOSE on Louis’ face --
113) 12) dialog: Stop it, El.... STOP IT!!! He glances over to SEE -- Rachel standing up, crying as the truck races up behind h Ellie slices at Louis’ arm and slides out of his grip. Th truck BLARES its horn. Brakes hiss and squeal as -- Louis dives for Rachel pulling her out of the way.
113) 13) text: Louis hits the ground with Rachel in his arms, rolling ou the path of the truck. They turn to look back as --
113) 17) text: REVERSE to Gage’s awestruck face, sitting in his high cha as we HEAR the truck destroying everything in its path. Louis screams, covering Rachel from flying debris as the truck roars past them in a cloud of dust. Then it’s quiet Louis and Rachel open their eyes to SEE --
114) 1) text: Everything just the way it was. Louis slowly stands --
114) 2) dialog: That thing is not our daughter. Rachel turns, noticing Gage’s chair sitting empty.
116) 0) text: They Louis and Rachel search the house for Gage and Ellie. look in the basement, kitchen, inside closets.
116) 1) dialog: Go upstairs. I'’11 look outside. 95.
116) 3) dialog: We'll find him. Go. Louis runs out the front door as Rachel runs upstairs.
121) 1) dialog: Gage? GAGE? Gage runs down the trail, coming around the bend to FIND Louis running up the trail toward him.
121) 3) dialog: You’re safe now. I got you. Louis looks around in the darkness --
121) 4) dialog: Where’s Ellie?
121) 6) dialog: Okay... okay. Let’s get you home.
122) 0) text: Louis walks into the silent house holding Gage in his arm The doors are open, the night wind blowing in from outsid
122) 1) dialog: Rach? Rachel, I got Gage. No answer from the house. Louis sees Rachel’s purse on the table and goes over, dig out her car keys. 98.
122) 2) dialog: Come with me, buddy.
123) 0) text: Louis puts Gage inside the station wagon, standing him on front seat so Gage can hold the steering wheel and look o
123) 1) dialog: I want you to hide right here until I find mommy, okay? Don’t come out for anyone. Even Ellie. Gage nods.
123) 2) dialog: If you see your sister, I want you to honk. Understand? Gage nods again. He looks scared. Louis steps back closin the door. He presses the key and the car bleeps. Locked. Then he turns and walks off. Heading back into the house.
126) 0) text: Louis stands on the grass, looking out to the woods. We can see the beam of Rachel’s flashlight in the trees.
128) 0) text: Louis pauses in the trail, hearing the gun shot.
128) 1) dialog: Rach? RACH??? Fear fills his veins as he runs faster up the hill.
129) 12) text: He falls away, into the grass. The woods are quiet. Rachel screams, running up to see the bullet hole over hi heart. Louis tries to speak, blood gurgling out his mouth
129) 13) dialog: 
129) 16) dialog: I love... you. His eyes go blank. Rachel screams, clutching him again --