8) 2) dialog: Let me talk to her. Rachel comes over to Ellie, looking a little concerned --
8) 3) dialog: Where'd you go, honey? Thought you were just saying goodbye to Stephanie? Ellie pulls a cute mouse-shaped CAT TOY out of her pocket
8) 8) dialog: Good bye, Boston.
9) 0) text: Louis drives while Rachel navigates. Ellie and Gage sit i back, Church in his pet carrier between them. Gage bangs Church's carrier with a toy to get Ellie’s attention.
9) 3) dialog: I’m pretty sure Church is okay. Ellie turns to the window, ignoring Gage as Louis slows d
9) 8) dialog: Daddy's new job is here, honey.
9) 11) dialog: That’s it. Remember that market?
11) 0) text: Louis rubs his eyes. Gage has fallen asleep. Rachel stare out at big homes set back in the trees. After a BEAT --
11) 1) dialog: So quiet out here.
11) 3) dialog: Just quiet. He glances over --
11) 5) dialog: We could never afford a place like this in Boston. Louis studies her face. That didn’t answer his question.
12) 0) text: Crickets so loud it’s almost unnatural. Headlights flicke in the trees as the station wagon creeps up the driveway. Louis parks by a large two-story home with wraparound woo porch and swing. The same house from the opening sequence Rachel pulls Gage out of his seat as Ellie walks to her father, taking his hand, staring up at the stars overhead The night is warm. A light wind. Dark and magical.
12) 3) dialog: What do you think of the house, El? Ellie walks forward, looking up at the massive house.
13) 0) text: The house is partially unpacked, boxes and rugs lying aro Church lies on his favorite cushion in the front window a Louis and Rachel unpack boxes in the living room. Louis prepares to nail a picture hanger into the wall --
13) 1) dialog: Hey, don’t. Gage is napping. Louis leans the picture against the wall, looking around
15) 0) text: Rachel works in her vegetable garden, setting up tall sta and strings for her bean plants. Ellie comes around down porch stairs, walking over to her mother.
15) 2) dialog: Why don’t you play outside? It’s so nice out.
15) 6) dialog: Looks like some kind of procession.
15) 8) dialog: Like a parade but not for fun. Ellie walks closer, mesmerized as the strange children ma their way into the trees. The drum beat echoing. The Girl at the end of the line in the Cat Mask glances b at Ellie as she turns up into the woods. Ellie follows, walking to the edge of the lawn where the trail begins. 11. ELLIE'S POV of the hand painted sign reading: PET SEMATAR The same trail we saw in the opening.
15) 10) dialog: Must be a pet cemetery up there...
15) 12) dialog: Let’s go help daddy. Gage will be waking up from his nap soon. Ellie looks relieved as they turns back. As they walk bac down the trail, she glances over to SEE -- Their NEIGHBOR'S HOUSE peeking through the woods.
15) 13) text: A cottage with gray shingles, smoke rising from a chimney dark and mossy. There’s someone in the window. Ellie looks up, noticing her mother has continued walking She quickly runs to catch up to Rachel as we --
15) 18) text: Even you and mommy? Rachel comes over, sitting on the side of the bed --
15) 19) dialog: You're thinking about all this because of that place in the woods? Ellie nods. Louis takes a breath, then launches in --
15) 22) dialog: What daddy’s saying is Nana’s body went into the cemetery but her spirit went up to heaven. She’s up there right now. I bet she can even see your new room.
15) 29) dialog: (imitating him) Everyone has to die sometime, kid. Deal with it! He turns around to face her, a playful smile on his face.
15) 31) dialog: They are! She pushes him over to the bed.
15) 32) dialog: Why do you doctors have such a hard time with spirituality? You really think people are just flesh and bones with no soul?
15) 35) dialog: I know what it’s like to lose someone when you’re a kid. I don’t want her thinking about this stuff yet. Let her have the fairy tale. He lies down, pulling her into her arms -- 14.
15) 37) dialog: Thank you.
22) 0) text: Ellie walks out of the woods with Jud. Rachel looks up fr her garden, surprised to see Ellie with some strange man. She comes over, wiping her hands on her work pants --
22) 1) dialog: El? Everything okay?
22) 3) dialog: Oh, sweetie. You okay? Ellie nods. Rachel stands, holding out her hand to Jud.
22) 4) dialog: Mr. Crandall, right? Thank you.
22) 6) dialog: Well, thank you, Jud. It’s nice to meet our neighbors. Ellie grabs Jud’s hand, pulling him toward the house.
22) 10) dialog: You have no idea.
24) 0) text: Jud sits in a chair as Ellie performs a dance for him. Lo and Rachel sit on the couch with Gage curled on Rachel’s This is Ellie’s favorite thing, spinning through the room free and easy, swooping past her parents to make them lau Jud sips a beer, enjoying the show as Ellie finishes with pirouette. Ellie beams, taking a bow. Everyone claps. Louis starts rummaging in a wooden cabinet --
24) 5) dialog: Ellie, hey. That’s not polite. Jud waves this idea away, standing up --
25) 2) dialog: Louis? You coming? Louis arrives in his scrubs, jingling the keys in his han
27) 0) text: Classical music plays as a DANCE INSTRUCTOR directs a gro of YOUNG GIRLS through their routine. Rachel sits along t back wall with the other MOMS, bouncing Gage on her leg. MOVE IN on Ellie as she concentrates to stay in time with other girls. The music continues to play as we --
29) 0) text: Music still plays but all the other kids have gone home a Ellie continues practicing her routine. Rachel approaches 23.
29) 1) dialog: Sweetie, we have to get home. Ellie doesn’t hear her mother, lost in the music, tracing finger through the air.
30) 23) dialog: He’s probably out exploring.
30) 25) dialog: Shhh, honey. Church will be fine. You need to get some sleep. Ellie lies back. Her mind spinning bad thoughts.
30) 27) dialog: Of course, I will.
33) 0) text: Rachel sits on the couch wiping tears from her eyes. She looks over at Church's empty cushion, reality sinking in.
33) 1) dialog: Oh, god, Louis. Ellie thinks he’s coming home. Are you sure?
33) 3) dialog: Dammit, Church. Loved that cat... Louis glances at the stairs to make sure Ellie isn’t ther
33) 5) dialog: No, I don’t want her to start obsessing about death and dying like I did when I was her age.
33) 7) dialog: I don’t know... sometimes cats run away when they move. We tell her Church is still out there... She looks up at Louis, eyes pleading --
33) 8) dialog: Anything but dead. Louis holds her eyes, nodding.
39) 1) dialog: (groggy) Come back. It’s too early...
39) 3) dialog: Hey, wait. You and Jud take care of everything last night? 34. Louis gets into the shower. The water goes on.
39) 5) dialog: And?
39) 7) dialog: We still have to talk to Ellie.
39) 10) dialog: Morning, sweetie. Ellie looks up at her parents. They seem weirdly serious.
39) 13) dialog: Remember how I was telling you how sometimes when cats move to a new home they get the urge to explore?
39) 21) dialog: Poor guy’s all covered in mud. Louis reaches out for Church, his hand getting closer. Church backs away, his ears going flat, growling low.
39) 25) dialog: You said he was dead?
39) 27) dialog: Good thing you’re not a vet.
42) 0) text: The Creed family eats dinner at the table. Rachel feeds Gage peas as Ellie talks about her dance cla
42) 2) dialog: Dragons, Louis. Ellie’s asking you if they’re real or not.
42) 6) dialog: Why don’t you go lay down?
44) 0) text: Louis lies on the bed as Rachel walks past him in her pajamas. She opens a drawer, pulling out a small wooden b
44) 1) dialog: Maybe he was paralyzed? You said it was his neck.
44) 4) dialog: You guys were drinking. Maybe Church was in shock or something? Louis rolls onto his stomach, mumbling into the pillow.
44) 6) dialog: Well, Ellie’s happy.
44) 8) dialog: It’s been a tough month. Your new job and Church. We need to have some fun. Let’s throw a party for Gage’'s birthday. Have our Boston friends come out, my parents..? Louis sighs, flipping over to face her.
44) 10) dialog: Jerk... He pulls her close, kissing her.
45) 0) text: CAT POV watching Rachel and Louis make love. After a BEAT The POV turns, gliding low and smooth over the floor, dow the hallway and around the corner to a slightly open door CHURCH sits outside Gage’s bedroom, nudging the door open with his nose. INT. GAGE’S ROOM - CONTINUOUS Back to CAT POV as Church slinks into the room, looking around, clocking the mobile on the wall, the night light, window, the crib. The POV moves closer to the crib. REVERSE to Church sitting outside the crib. Watching Gage sleep. His tail flicks nervously. Intense and focused. We hear Ellie’s voice from somewhere in the house.
47) 0) text: Rachel and Louis sleep with the window open. The breeze f the woods billows the curtain, a piece of paper flutters. As it settles we HEAR -- Those soft voices we heard in the woods.
47) 5) dialog: What are you doing? Louis looks up at Rachel, unable to speak. Then --
47) 8) dialog: (re. Victor) That’s so sad. Why didn’t you tell me what happened?
47) 10) dialog: Please don’t do that. I need to know what’s going on with you. Louis nods, memories of Victor washing over him --
47) 12) dialog: Oh, honey. You were there for him. Rachel comes closer, hugging Louis tight --
47) 13) dialog: You gave him peace...
53) 0) text: Rachel plays with Gage on the rug in the living room. We over to pick up Church sitting behind them on the couch. The tea kettle begins to whistle in the kitchen as Rachel playfully moves a small fuzzy giraffe closer to Gage.
53) 1) dialog: (Giraffe voice) Hey mister! You gonna just sit there or play with me? Gage giggles, smiling at the giraffe --
53) 3) dialog: (Giraffe voice) Well, come on then. Get playing! Gage reaches for the toy as the tea kettle whistles loude
53) 4) dialog: (Giraffe voice) Mommy’s going to go make her tea. Gage plays with the giraffe as Rachel slides back and wal off toward the kitchen. As she exits, we hear a soft THUM Church has jumped down and is walking across the rug.
54) 3) text: Nudging his leg! Gage loses his balance, arms spinning as he falls out and Rachel snatches him off the railing!
54) 5) dialog: Gage... oh my god!!! What are you doing up here!!! Rachel’s panic makes Gage cry harder. Rachel clutches her son to her breast, crying with him as she NOTICES -- Church slinking back into the bedroom.
55) 0) text: Rachel sobs as Louis consoles her.
55) 1) dialog: It happened so fast. I went to make a cup of tea and he was gone.
55) 3) dialog: He must have followed Church up the stairs. I just don’t get it... Louis stares at her for a BEAT, his mind spinning. Then h turns, pulling on his jacket. As he heads for the door --
55) 4) dialog: Where are you going?
60) 0) text: Cars parked along the driveway, people mingling in the ya Kids run around in packs on the lawn, chasing each other. A table decked out with balloons, a cake with a giant num 3 candle. Rachel sips mimosas with GIRLFRIENDS from Bosto Louis sees Ellie sitting off by herself. He crosses the party, sitting next to Ellie on a bench.
60) 15) dialog: Louis, do you have Gage?
60) 18) dialog: Over there. By the road! Louis heads toward the road when a group of KIDS suddenly swarm him, laughing and trying to pull him to the ground.
60) 21) dialog: Gage! Out of the road! Church sits in the middle of the road as Ellie approaches
60) 23) dialog: Gage! Stop! But Rachel doesn’t see Ellie and Church down the street. eyes are locked on Gage as he wanders into the road. The truck roars around the bend, gears shifting. Rachel h seconds to act, running for the road.
60) 24) dialog: Gaaaaaaage!!! Gage looks back at his mother. The truck is upon him! Rachel takes two more steps then LUNGES in front of the truck, dragging Gage to safety on the other side. As they hit the ground, she rolls over, looking back to SEE -- 56. Ellie and Church in the impact zone. The cat darts away b Ellie simply turns, paralyzed as the truck races at her. She thows up her hands, bracing for IMPACT as we -- CUT TO BLACK. A long beat of SILENCE. A church bell begins to toll as w begin to see SPLINTERED FLASHES of the aftermath -- GLONG! Louis running up to Ellie as blood spreads below h GLONG! Flashing lights on kids’ faces, watching in shock. GLONG! Birthday decorations blowing across the lawn. GLONG! Ellie lies face down on a table as a MORTICIAN staples a flap of skin back onto her skull. GLONG! MOURNERS stand around a grave in a local cemetery.
61) 0) text: Rachel and Louis stand by the grave holding Gage’s hand. It’s cold. Summer has broken. Fall around the corner. Thi time the image doesn’t fade. Instead, we stay on Rachel a Louis as the MINISTER finishes his eulogy. As he lowers his bible, all eyes turn to Rachel. She step up to a pile of FRESH EARTH, a small shovel sticking out. RACHEL’S POV into the grave. A_kid size coffin below. She reaches for the shovel but can’t bring herself to do Louis’ hand closing around hers. They’1ll do it together. Now looking up from inside the grave as Louis and Rachel scoop a pile of dirt and toss it down into the hole. The dirt lands on us, wiping us to BLACK.
62) 0) text: RACHEL’S PARENTS wait in their Mercedes with Gage as Loui loads the bags into the trunk. Rachel approaches behind h and he turns. She’s shattered, eyes red from crying. 57. For a BEAT there’s nothing to say. Then --
62) 1) dialog: I can’t do this, Louis... please... I don’t want to leave you here. Louis holds her close, trying to stay strong.
62) 3) dialog: You shouldn’t be by yourself. We can stay with you... Louis glances over at Gage waiting in the car --
62) 5) dialog: (whispering) God, Louis, I miss her so much. Louis holds Rachel tighter, eventually glancing up to SEE Church sitting on the porch in the background. Watching h His blood turns to ice. He pulls out of the hug.
75) 9) dialog: Louis, hey it’s me. Please pick up. I really need to talk to you. (beat) Shit, okay. I’11 try you at the clinic. Just call me when you can. Louis looks up, eyes vacant. A worm of fear in his stomac
78) 0) text: Louis sits at the table, talking to Rachel on the phone -
92) 0) text: Rachel sits in her parents’ home. THROUGH THE WINDOW we s her MOTHER and FATHER playing with Gage in the back yard.
92) 1) dialog: I was getting worried. You've haven't been calling me back.
92) 3) dialog: Don’t keep things from me. If you're having a hard time, I should be there with you. Louis glances at Ellie, lowering his voice --
92) 5) dialog: God, Louis. Why do you do this? Gage misses you. I miss you. Louis closes his eyes, tears streaming down his cheeks --
92) 7) dialog: I’m bringing Gage back for the weekend. He’ll cheer you up. 77.
92) 9) dialog: Stop arguing. We’re coming out tomorrow. Just for a couple days.
104) 0) text: Louis wakes up to the sound of tires rolling over gravel. He slides out of bed, walking to the window to SEE -- Rachel pulling up the driveway in her father’s car.
105) 3) dialog: Hi. 84.
105) 5) dialog: Oh, babe. I missed you.
105) 7) dialog: What happened? I thought you’d been packing this whole time?
105) 9) dialog: What are you doing? This is all Ellie’s stuff. Gage walks to the stairs as a SHADOW appears on the wall. But Rachel is absorbed with Louis, deeply concerned --
105) 10) dialog: Are you doing this on purpose? Trying to punish yourself? ON THE STAIRS Ellie moves into view. She puts her finger her lips indicating for Gage to be quiet.
105) 13) dialog: This is why I wanted to leave. How do we explain this to Gage? 85. Gage is tugging on his mother’s shirt now, pointing at something. Rachel looks down at him --
105) 14) dialog: What is it, honey?
105) 17) text: Rachel screams, pushing herself backwards along the floor until she hits the wall. She’s going into shock.
105) 19) dialog: How this is happening..?
105) 21) dialog: I don't... this can’t be real...
105) 23) dialog: You moved her body? You took her into the woods?
105) 26) dialog: I missed you, too. Rachel stiffens as Ellie moves in to hug her. It’s horrib and awkward. But it’s also her daughter so something melt Gage comes over, trying to soothe his mother, hugging bot Rachel and Ellie. This makes Rachel cry and hug them both Finally, Louis kneels down, wrapping his arms around them The family reunited. As the family hug continues we come around to Ellie’s fac looking over her mother’s shoulder to the dark woods outs Ellie smiles. Her eyes pure black.
106) 0) text: Rachel sits on the lid of the toilet, eyes red from cryin We hear Louis knock softly, his voice through the door.
106) 2) dialog: (terrified) I don’t understand. What is going on?
106) 4) dialog: It matters to me. You can’t just say there’s some place in the woods. That’s not good enough! ! 87. Louis glances into the hallway, pulling the door closed -
109) 0) text: Rachel has stopped crying now, leaning close to Louis --
109) 1) dialog: You were supposed to be the strong one. A medical doctor. You see death all the time...
109) 3) dialog: She's changed, Louis. Her skin. I want to remember her like before. Louis sighs closing his eyes. He knows she’s right.
109) 4) dialog: Not just that. Remember what happened with Church. We need to think about Gage. He needs you. This makes Rachel think of something --
110) 7) dialog: Let’s play outside. Get some air.
111) 0) text: Ellie plays with Gage on the lawn, chasing and giggling a they roll around in the grass. BEHIND THEM -- Rachel watches from the porch. Her face is blank. Numb. 90. Louis comes out, sitting next to her. After a BEAT --
111) 3) dialog: Shhh, okay... it’s gonna be okay. Ellie turns away from Gage on the lawn. Listening to them
111) 4) dialog: (whispering) We'll do it together.
112) 8) dialog: I’m thankful... for Ellie... Rachel quickly looks down, not able to continue. Louis breaks the tension by serving up food onto everyone’s pla Ellie just watches Rachel. Studying her.
112) 10) dialog: No, I am thankful. I love you.
112) 14) dialog: We're your parents. We will always love you. No matter what --
113) 2) text: Rachel looks at Louis, terror rising in her throat.
113) 3) dialog: She's doing this... Louis looks around. Wind blowing through the trees. Aspha under his feet. Lane markers stretching out behind them. Gage giggles, banging on his plate --
113) 6) text: We hear the sound of a truck downshifting. The grinding o gears. The bellowing of exhaust. But -- Rachel keeps her eyes on Ellie, shaking her head --
113) 7) dialog: I didn’t choose... I didn’t have time... I just saw Gage there... Louis looks behind Rachel into the oncoming headlights. LOUIS’ POV of the TRUCK barrelling right at them.
113) 13) text: Louis hits the ground with Rachel in his arms, rolling ou the path of the truck. They turn to look back as --
113) 17) text: REVERSE to Gage’s awestruck face, sitting in his high cha as we HEAR the truck destroying everything in its path. Louis screams, covering Rachel from flying debris as the truck roars past them in a cloud of dust. Then it’s quiet Louis and Rachel open their eyes to SEE --
114) 3) dialog: Oh my God, Louis, she took Gage.
116) 0) text: They Louis and Rachel search the house for Gage and Ellie. look in the basement, kitchen, inside closets.
116) 2) dialog: What’s she going to do, Louis? Louis looks at her for a moment, sick with panic --
117) 8) dialog: Jud...
118) 0) text: Rachel runs down the driveway, ducking into the trees.
119) 0) text: Rachel comes out of the trees in front of Jud’s house. She pauses, looking up at the house. A single light on.
119) 1) dialog: Jud?
124) 0) text: Rachel pushes open the door to the dark cottage. Taxiderm staring down from dark wood walls. She clicks on a light Empty beers on the table, ashtrays filled with butts.
124) 1) dialog: Jud? It’s Rachel. You home? The house is quiet. Rachel walks across the room into the kitchen. She looks down the hallway to the back bedroom.
124) 2) dialog: Jud? Rachel walks toward the bedroom. No answer. Rachel reaches into the doorway, feeling along the wall for the light. Her fingers find the switch and - CLICK! The bedroom light comes on and we SEE -- Jud’s body lying in a pool of blood. Part of his skull missing. Flies buzz around exposed brain matter. Feeding.
124) 4) text: Rachel screams, turning away. Then she remembers somethin 99. There was_a REVOLVER in Jud’s hand.
124) 5) text: Rachel forces herself to look again. She slowly moves closer, stepping over sticky blood squirming with maggots She winces, holding her breath as she reaches Jud’s hand, sliding the gun out of his stiff fingers.
125) 0) text: Rachel has a flashlight and the revolver. Sweeping the li through the trees as she runs up the trail after Ellie. She's focused and determined. Ready to end this.
126) 0) text: Louis stands on the grass, looking out to the woods. We can see the beam of Rachel’s flashlight in the trees.
127) 0) text: Rachel walks into the clearing. The moon lights rings of graves from above. She walks around the crooked stones, sweeping her flashli around as she searches for Ellie. The forest is dark and quiet. BEHIND HER we see a SHADOW slipping through the mist. She turns, hearing the grass moving. Small footsteps.
127) 1) dialog: Ellie? Rachel swings the light past us, pointing the gun. After beam passes in front of camera we NOTICE -- Ellie now standing behind her mother. Scalpel in her hand
127) 3) dialog: I’m sorry, El. I should have protected you. I love you. Rachel bites her lip, building up courage and SPINS AROUN BAM!! The bullet hits one of the gravestones. Rachel swin the flashlight to find Ellie but the girl slips away.
129) 0) text: Rachel moving through the graveyard, swinging the light. A shadow moves in the mist, the sound of grass behind her Rachel turns again, shaking with fear, holding out the gu
129) 1) dialog: Please, El... stop... Rachel moves past a tree and we see a shadow move. She tu the light and catches a glimpse of Ellie darting away. BAM! The bullet zings through the trees. Rachel moves closer, hands shaking as she peers around th tree. More graves and mist. No sign of Ellie. From the darkness we hear a voice --
129) 3) dialog: (whispering to herself) You’re not my daughter.
129) 6) text: Ellie screams as she swings the blade, eyes wild. Rachel screams, falling backwards as the blade cuts her h She drops the gun and the flashlight in the grass.
129) 7) text: Rachel hits the ground, clutching her bleeding hand. She hears footsteps in the grass and crawls to the flashlight, grabbing it and swinging around to SEE -- The gun lying in the grass. Ellie running for it. Rachel lunges out, grabbing Ellie’s leg and pulling her t the ground. Ellie kicks at her mother, sliding free. Rachel jumps up, scrambling for the gun but it’s too late Ellie rises up in the curling mist -- POINTING THE REVOLVER AT HER MOTHER.
129) 8) text: Rachel is surrounded by graves. Helpless. Facing Ellie.
129) 9) dialog: Ellie. Please... Rachel steps closer, her arms out, begging for mercy --
129) 10) dialog: I love you. A smile curls on Ellie’s lips. Her eyes pure black.
129) 12) text: He falls away, into the grass. The woods are quiet. Rachel screams, running up to see the bullet hole over hi heart. Louis tries to speak, blood gurgling out his mouth
129) 15) dialog: Louis... oh god, no, please... Rachel drops to her knees, clutching Louis. Her heart bre all over again as his life slips away.
129) 17) dialog: Louis, please... please... Rachel sobs over her husband, broken and shattered. Ellie steps into frame, mist curling around her feet as s points the gun at the back of her mother’s head. But ther something about her mother’s pain, watching her cry... Ellie lowers the gun, stepping closer, leaning down -- CLOSE on Ellie’s lips whispering into Rachel's ear as we
131) 0) text: MOVE IN on the car parked in the driveway. Windows steame Gage lies curled up on the front seat, asleep. As we settle on his sleeping form, suddenly -- TWO HANDS hit the driver’s window. Gage wakes up to SEE - 103. Ellie standing outside the car, smiling at Gage. Gage looks nervous until he sees his mother walking up th lawn. She unlocks the car and reaches in for Gage. Rachel walks over to the front porch, sitting with Gage i her lap. She looks exhausted, gazing out to the woods. A piece of her soul missing. We see her hands -- They're raw with BLISTERS and DIRTY. WIDEN OUT to REVEAL -- Ellie on the grass in front of them. She’s dancing. Happy She moves around the yard, tracing her fingers through th air as she silently runs through her routine. A sound in the woods behind her. Rachel looks up. A SHADOW falls across the lawn in front of Ellie. She sto dancing, looking right up at us. CLOSE on her face for a moment, filled with awe and surpr Then she smiles.