49) 0) text: - Ashley slinks through the tog ons age and works the pol like good girl should: gentle but | Ags Various other St ri pp (a Swedish stripper named PLANTAIN the American flag § tri r, a BLACK STRIPPER, and an EXOTI e thr gu s rap dances, dance on the Ily suck up to them. drinks like there's no tomorrow. ers STRIPPER) give t bee carousel, and genera y g The guys are poundin
51) 0) text: Carney games. Matt wins a stuffed animal for Plantain. Cotton candy, Roller Coaster rides, etc.
96) 1) dialog: Ash, you ready? You're up now.
101) 0) text: Coop and Ashley have brought some help: Plantain and the Bouncer. They te waiting around for the guys. The roomis their most elaborate set so far, a hotel ball room, compl with themed prom banner, dance floor, stage, etc.
101) 4) dialog: State and federal? Deacon enters with Matt and Fred.
102) 14) text: Plantain, dressed as a chaperone with a big punch stain o her dress, is eating | atuna fish sandwich and smoking a. eh arette. Matt cal (Okay people. Places. Let's get it. ether." Plantain puts the cigarette out on her heel, hi he tuna fish sandwich in her purse, and sprays the air wi Weylon J. Petunia's.
102) 15) dialog: My dress is ruined!
103) 1) dialog: | never knew chaperoning the prom could be so "hard. Fred gives up and throws the lotion back in his book bag. When he exits the bathroom, everyone is staring in his direction, then quickly looks away nonchalantly.
105) 0) text: Plantain Speaks with no real enthusiasm, "I give you an A Matt asks her to do the line again, but she says it exact the same way again. One more time, same result. Suddenly lets out a huge FART and everyone starts laughing. Matt throws his hands up, frustrated.
110) 2) text: Just then, Plantain enters and walks to the front of the line. The high school guys stop everything to stare at he
110) 3) dialog: Coop!
110) 5) dialog: Come on. You don't need to wait in this [hne.. Deacon and the guys are already inside. Goop. pul s his arms around her and walks away, not witho looking back over his shoulder for a second at J.T. stand there, dumbfounded. Then, the Bouncer escorts J.T. away.