73) 22) dialog: I...want...to -- Then, suddenly, the transformation takes hold, in thrashi Jekyll-and-Hyde HISTRIONICS that send the Gremlin rolling the floor. When he stands, he wears a pair of HORN-RIMMED GLASSES, and SPEAKS FLUENTLY in a new VOICE, similar to t GEORGE PLIMPTON. (CONTINUED)
73) 29) dialog: -- talk a little bit about what's going on in this room, because I think there are some fascinating ramifications here for the future. When you introduce genetic material of research quality to a life form such as ours, which is possessed of a sort of -- I hesitate'to use the word "atavism," but let us say a highly aggressive nature... The other Gremlins, instantly bored with this guy, grab m vials and start turning ANIMALS loose from their cages, a scientists try in vain to op them.
73) 31) dialog: Nibs:: Brings ! Might I have a brief word' with you? The= t QrenLin:looks curiously at him.
73) 32) dialog: My friend, you have...potential. I want to help you be all that you can be...may I? As he continues talking, he plucks the intravenous tube f bat's body, and happily JAMS the needle into the. Bat Gre skin. The bottle with the sunshine logo on it drains quic (CONTINUED)
73) 40) text: The Brain Gremlin yanks the IV needle from the Bat Gremli skin. The Bat Gremlin's expression asks: "Where I'll be g
73) 41) dialog: You have wings, my friend. Flap them. The Bat Gremlin does -- and TAKES OFF, soaring near the c as the twin scientists chase. him.
73) 43) dialog: (to Bat Gremlin) To the window, my friend! A world of possibilities opens itself to you! Throw off the old constraints... The Bat Gremlin wings toward one of the polarized glass windows...
73) 44) dialog: There it is...the Apple...the city so nice they named it twice... check it out one time -- won't you? .and SMASHES THROUGH IT, leaving a jagged bat silhouette the glass behind him. The other Gremlins shrink from the invading rays of SUNLIGHT, but the Bat Gremlin flies free
78) 23) dialog: .yes, I'd say it's a full-scale panic. Are you having a run on the banks there yet? Well, it's rather brutal here ...we're advising our clients to put everything they've got into canned food and shotguns.. . yes... The TICKER DISPLAY on the wall speeds up, going NUTS.
102) 0) text: Grandpa Fred and the Brain Gremlin in the studio, where K is working the big floor-model CAMERA.
102) 2) dialog: Fred, what we want is, I think, what everyone wants, and what you and your viewers have -- civilization,
103) 1) dialog: The niceties, Fred. The fine points. Diplomacy. Compassion. Standards, manners, tradition. That's what we're reaching toward. Oh, we may stumble along the way, but -- civilization, yes. The Geneva Convention. Chamber music. Susan Sontag. Everything your society has worked so hard to accomplish over the centuiries -- that's what we aspire to. We want to be civilized. I mean, you take a look at this fellow here... On TV, a DOPEY-LOOKING GREMLIN wanders into FRAME, grinni waving at Fred's O.S. CAMERA. The Brain Gremlin reaches o comes back with a GUN, and SHOOTS the dopey Gremlin. The love it.
103) 2) dialog: Now, was that civilized? No. Clearly not. i Fun, but in no sense civilized... On TV, Fred starts backing nervously away from the armed
110) 1) dialog: Is everybody here? A CHEER of assent from the Gremlins.
110) 2) dialog: All right then... The Brain Gremlin holds a SPORTSCOAT over one shoulder, F Sinatra--style. As he nears the doors, he starts SINGING York, New York," with the GREMLINS SINGING the backup hor behind himГўВЂВћ (C ONTINuED)
112) 0) text: THUNDER echoes O.S., as the Brain Gremlin cheerfully lead assembled Gremlins closer to the doors.
112) 22) text: The Brain Gremlin reaches for the door...
112) 23) dialog: It's up to you, New York, New -- .but before he can open it, WATER splashes onto the lobby doors, its windows, its floor... .and the Gremlins, delighted, turn to catch the spray. Th SKIN starts to BUBBLE. CAMERA finds miniature GREMLINS in bubbles, as the lobby fills with the rising SMOKE AND LIG Gremlin replication... 0