0) 1) dialog: So, tell me how it works. ANGLE ON the wrecked car, CLOSE ON the eyes of MARK BRITT unconscious, hanging upside down by his Seatbelt. We can the WHEELS STILL SPINNING helplessly in the air.
0) 3) dialog: Let’s just start at the beginning. Suddenly, Britten’s eyes flutter open. He looks around. A takes in his wife and son hanging from their belts-
0) 6) dialog: Very well. You’re back to work?
0) 9) dialog: And they've got you working with a partner?
0) 11) dialog: And are you okay?
0) 27) dialog: And then what?
0) 31) dialog: Did she start redoing the house after the accident?
1) 2) dialog: And then?
1) 12) dialog: And you said the tennis is new?
1) 14) text: But he’s decided to take it up again. Since the funeral. Britten nods. DR. EVANS (CONT’D) (smiling) Great. What else?
2) 16) text: And this has been happening since the accident? INT. DR. EVANS’ OFFICE Britten looks at her.
2) 18) dialog: Fascinating. (reigning it in) Not to be insensitive, it’s just... our brain’s main function is to protect us. Sometimes that means sensing danger or feeling pain. And sometimes it actually means deceiving ourselves. (to explain) The {38s OF a loved one is one of the most emotionally crippling things we face. We come up with all sorts of ways to get through it. Like your son taking up his mother’s sport to maintain some sense of connection with her. But your brain... it’s created an entire reality where i¥ou haven't actually lost your wife at all. INT. DR. LEE’S OFFICE Dr. Lee is in the middle of a similar thought.
2) 19) dialog: An elaborate and ongoing dream in which you haven’t lost your son, relieving you of the ob igation of dealing with his death. I’m not sure I’ve ever seen a coping mechanism quite like it. Britten looks at him. A beat.
2) 21) dialog: I'm sorry?
2) 23) dialog: Wait. You mean you can’t tell them apart? Britten shakes his head. She’s practically giddy. DR. EVANS (CONT’D) Incredible. INT. DR. LEE’S OFFICE Lee looks incredulous.
2) 24) dialog: oxen re saying you’re not eon ident whether you’re asleep or awake at this very moment? Britten looks at the rubber band on his arm. It’s BLUE.
2) 26) dialog: Well, I can assure you, Detective Britten, this is not a dream. Britten can’t help but smile.
2) 27) dialog: What?
5) 4) dialog: What does your wife say about your condition?
5) 9) dialog: She wanted you to get back to a routine?
5) 11) dialog: But you don’t really care about those things? You just wanted to remain where you are.
7) 2) dialog: But you said that they don’t like each other, this Bird and Vega?
7) 4) dialog: It makes perfect sense. Your brain doesn’t want you to know which world is real and which isn’t. It would defeat the purpose of the coping mechanism. If you had the same partner, you mig t invent details about them in your dream that were disproved in reality and you'd suddenly know which was which. This way, you’re free to create a story for each of them, and their animosity helps keep them from crossing paths and forcing you to reconcile what you’ ve imagine with the truth. It’s the same reason you've given yourself different therapists. INT. DR. LEE’S OFFICE Dr. Lee closes his notebook.
7) 5) dialog: It’s these little details and differences we should focus on.
8) 3) dialog: Because dreams aren’t meant to be sustained. When we pull at the threads they tend to fall apart. As Britten watches, VEGA GETS INTO A CAR DOWN THE BLOCK.
8) 4) dialog: Your partners are threads. And once we start to pull on them, I think we can help you see the truth. Vega shoots Britten a brief glimpse from the car, then dr away. Britten stares after him. The sound of Bird KNOCKING on the house’s door snaps Brit back to the task at hand. An UPPER MIDDLE CLASS HOUSEWIFE opens the door.
18) 6) dialog: I'd say it’s entirely reasonable, even expected that these sorts of details would begin to cross over. He closes his notes, looks at Britten.
18) 7) dialog: Sleep not only recharges us, but during the REM cycles it’s where we actually process and store the day's information. Normally this all goes unseen or vaguely remembered as random dreams, but because you’ve constructed an entire reality out of your sleep, this processing is simply going to become folded in, meaning the things you're wrestling with in real life are likely to manifest themselves in your dream.
18) 9) dialog: You didn’t. You said yourself it was on the paperwork.
18) 11) dialog: You were at the location. Even i you didn’t consciously note it, your brain did, and apparently it ound it important enough to put the details-
18) 13) dialog: ~- into your dream via this imaginary parking lot.
18) 16) dialog: Detective Britten, as I’ve said, there’s no therapeutic value in allowing you to pretend that your realities are interchangeable. There is no es soarkin child. There is no car ina ing lot. And... sadly, but. crucially, there is no world in which your son has survived the accident.
18) 18) dialog: That this is reality? Well, for starters I know I’m real. I know I talked to my wife twenty minutes before you came in. I know what I ate for breakfast. I know where I’m going this evening.
18) 20) dialog: Then let’s try looking at it from the perspective of causality. Which murder happened first?
18) 22) dialog: So you begin a case in reality, and then suddenly you’re working a case in your dream. (MORE )
18) 24) dialog: As one story unfolds the other twists and turns in response as you process the days’ events and sometimes as you key on a detail it calls specific attention to itself in your imagination. The consequence of returning to work in your condition is that in addition to trying to keep your son alive, you're using your dreams to try to Solve your caSes.
18) 26) dialog: We should also examine the e of case you're working in your ream. A missing child. The very issue you're struggling to come to terms with. So your subconscious turns it into a case you have to solve. geeat) I understand the pain you feel Detective. But once you accept that this is reality, you’ll release your son from your dreams, and yon can begin the crucial process o mourning him and ending that pain.
18) 28) dialog: I believe that’s very likely. Britten absorbs that thought.
19) 57) dialog: That's ridiculous. Trying to force ou into some revelation is not his ob. The coping mechanism is there or a reason, to let you deal with this when you’re ready.
19) 59) dialog: You knew you were coming back to work. You could have dreamed up a case in anticipation as your mind had already begun to focus on what you'd be up against. Notice that the cab driver murders didn’t become an ongoing SERIES of murders until AFTER you were faced with an ongoing situation where a child was missing. Britten shakes his head.
19) 61) dialog: You don’t need to. At this point, that’s not where I think our focus should lie.
19) 63) dialog: Okay. She goes to her computer. Types something in, hits print. pages start to come out of her printer, she grabs a small stack and brings them over, hands them to Britten.
19) 64) dialog: Here. 39. He looks at the pages. Before he can ask-
19) 65) dialog: Turn to any page. Just pick one. He hesitates, then flips through. He stops on the third p DR. EVANS (CONT’D) Now. Pick a spot somewhere about half way" down and start reading. Out lou
19) 67) dialog: Read. He looks at the page. Begins.
19) 69) dialog: Have you memorized the entire constitution?
19) 71) dialog: Then if this is a dream, if your son has really died instead of your wife and you're just making all this up, explain to me how you turned to a random page and were able to read it back, word for word. Britten is dumbstruck.
19) 73) dialog: Tell Dr. Lee that Dr. Evans says it’s not as simple as he made it sound. The more he thinks about it, the more bothered he becomes 40.
19) 75) dialog: What do you mean? I just thought if I could counter balance the-
19) 80) dialog: Detective Britten, please-
30) 3) dialog: I think the red hair settles it in just the way we’ve been looking or. INT. DR. LEE’S OFFICE Dr. Lee looks like a_man with all the answers. Britten doesn’t seem particularly threatened.
30) 4) dialog: There’s no evidence suggesting the suspect in your kidnapping case would have red hair. e only reason he did is because it’s a reflection of the REALITY in which your actual suspect in the cab river murders, which came first, had red hair. If this were a dream, ou’d have come up with the red air clue before it occurred in reality. Which would make you psychic.
30) 6) dialog: Remembering a portion of the constitution proves nothing. I could put you under hypnosis a and drag out a litany of facts and tidbits from your subconscious that you'd be stunned to find hiding there.
30) 9) dialog: Perhaps you helped your son with a project at some point and very specific portions of the constitution found their way into your memory. In the trancelike state of your dreams, you simply dredged them up to help deceive yourself. ANGLE ON the project at hand. A Constitutional diorama.
30) 15) dialog: You’ve created a mental Mobius strip: Your mind is free to 99 back and fill in any hole if you let it. So if youre unwilling to commit yourself to making meaningful rogress, I’m not sure why you’re ere.
30) 17) dialog: Your Blood Alcohol Level was elevated the night of the accident, wasn’t it? This suddenly sucks the wind out of Britten’s sails.
30) 19) dialog: That‘s what you said in the report, but it was elevated, was it not? Britten is silent.
30) 20) dialog: Perhaps your condition comes not so much from a benevolent desire to keep YOUE son alive, but an intense nee o try to shield yourself from your own responsibility for his death. INT. DR. EVANS’ OFFICE Dr. Evans looks concerned.
30) 21) dialog: It does raise a host of questions.
30) 23) dialog: And you don’t remember anything about the night leading up to the accident?
32) 2) dialog: Maybe this is all your way of trying to remember. (to explain) Just as you seem to work out your cases in your dreams, I wonder if the entire construction of those dreams is meant to try to draw your attention to something bigger. Maybe that your wife survived in one and your son in the other, or the fact that you have different partners is actually all a way of getting you to think about that night. Clues, so to speak, as to what actually happene
34) 7) dialog: Detective, turning yourself in circles like this, over and over, it will catch up with Yous This fantasy is far from a benign coping mechanism. When your brain should be resting, recharging, you’re using it to hold up a detailed and complicated alternate reality. A reality that only gets more complicated the longer it exists. That is unsustainable, Detective Britten. I’m afraid that the longer ou continue, the more you jeopardize your already tenuous grasp on reality. It is, quite simply, a road to madness. A long beat as this weighs on Britten. Then-