3) 5) dialog: Detectives? We’ve got another one.
3) 7) dialog: Dead cabbie. OFF Britten and Vega exchanging a look-
4) 0) text: Britten and Vega step through the large crowds to find a driven up on the curb and into a pole outside a bustling outdoor shopping mall, driver slumped behind the wheel. As they take it in, an OFFICER steps up, gestures. 12.
4) 1) dialog: Cab pulls up. Door opens. Three loud bangs. Everyone scatters, the driver manages to run up on the sidewalk until he smacks into this pole. He turns back to the crowds of people. OFFICER (CONT’ ») Everyone reports seeing an overweight man, heav eard, glasses, some kind of ball cap, walking away from the scene. Heads straight into the crowd and then... disappears. Bird steps up.
5) 0) text: Britten, Vega, and a MALL SECURITY OFFICER are gathered around the small bank of monitors. They focus on one as- 13. A cab pulls up. The door opens. AN OVERWEIGHT MAN IN A TRUCKER HAT starts to get out, and as he does, fires thre shots through the backseat. The cab lurches forward. As people panic, the overweight looks right at the camera, DOFFS HIS CAP, and then walks Britten freezes the tape on the suspect, the face disguis behind the beard and coke bottle glasses, almost useless.
9) 0) text: Britten and Bird address other officers as papers are pas
13) 11) dialog: 
13) 13) dialog: 
14) 0) text: Britten and the officer run down the deserted alley. They stop, unsure which way to pursue. Britten spots a side entrance to the office building.
15) 1) dialog: Detective! Britten turns to see the Officer standing next to a trash in an alcove. Hanging out is a bit of BLACK FABRIC. Britten walks over to the can, pulls the lid off. Inside the black dress, hat, and a long blonde wig. Britten looks up, making eye contact with various people moving in and out of the lobby. The suspect could be anyo
15) 2) dialog: What are we looking for? Britten looks back at the disguise in the trash.
27) 0) text: Britten and Vega are now surrounded by other officers, th coroner, onlookers. As the body is loaded into the rear of an ambulance- Britten just stares at the address on the outside of the building. 611 Waverly.
34) 0) text: Police everywhere, ambulance, reporters. Bird steps next Britten. They see the GIRL with officers.