3) 28) dialog: Move it, Aristotle!! Athena hands the baby to Yianni, steps out on a Mykonos- shaped welcome mat -- it plays the Greek National Anthem. ARISTOTLE, 9, runs out and by Athena.
3) 31) dialog: Paris, come by the restaurant some time.
3) 35) dialog: (not getting it) Yeah, it’s fun. Athena licks her thumb, wipes food off Aristotle’s cheek. Then tries to do the same to Paris’s mascara.
3) 36) dialog: Toula, you seen these eyes? You and Ian better fix that.
3) 39) dialog: After school you have hockey! Your brothers are coming so make sure you score! Gus drives off as Aristotle blows kisses to his mom.
14) 54) dialog: Yeah, do mine. The women put their hands on the back of each other’s nec pulling back each other’s neck skin so their faces look younger. Paris is horrified. Toula sees Paris watch STUDENTS walk around her giant fam
15) 0) text: An OVERHEAD SHOT of the parking lot: Gus’s Cadillac is pa askew with its rear tire up on the curb. The service is over, Gus and Maria walk out with Mana-Yia Aunt Voula, Uncle Taki, Angelo, Athena, Yianni, Nick, Ila their BABY BOY, Nikki, her husband, all the SONS. Toula, Ian and Paris come out. Maria indicates the FAMILY
16) 38) dialog: Toula, do something. Toula starts to follow Maria. Aunt Voula stops Toula.
30) 0) text: Holding out her brochure, a CHIC WEDDING PLANNER walks in smiling. Then she glares at: PULL BACK: Maria, Aunt Voula and Athena going through the racks of creamy, dreamy dresses. In the front window Mana-Yiayia poses in a wedding dress.
32) 0) text: The Wedding Planner shows a demure cake and is shocked wh Maria, Athena and Nikki love a garish cake.
34) 0) text: The Wedding Planner shows an elegant black limousine. She turns to find Maria loving a GIANT PINK LIMO VAN. Inside car, Athena and Nikki have powdered sugar under their nos as they eat kourambiedes. Maria hands her phone to the Wedding Planner.
40) 15) dialog: Convince her to just go to the church and get it done. 66 (CONTINUED)
54) 2) dialog: Toula, do something! Toula runs after her mom, with Athena following.
55) 0) text: Toula and Athena push open the velvet curtain and enter t find Maria sitting in a chair.
60) 1) dialog: Toula, do something!
61) 0) text: Toula, Maria, Athena, Aunt Voula and Nikki scurry through alley.
62) 0) text: Toula, Maria, Athena, Aunt Voula and Nikki run in the bac Nick runs to join them. Athena, Nikki and Aunt Voula go to their seats, Aunt Voul gives Gus the thumbs up. Gus gives a grateful look to Pan
70) 0) text: The BAND PLAYS GREEK MUSIC. THE FAMILY celebrates and dances. Athena’s sons are the waiters and bring out delicious MOUSSAKA, PASTICHIO and LAMB CHOPS. The food bubbles and glistens in the moonlight. (CONTINUED)