21) 15) dialog: Sean -- where the hell have you been?  We're already into early departure  protocol...
21) 16) text: Standing on the upper deck is a no-nonsense, uniformed  Navy man, ADMIRAL ROBERTSON. The captain of the ship. And Sean's father. Sean's sadness about Rennie's absence is  immediately replaced with anxiety.
27) 1) dialog: (checking watch)
27) 7) dialog: She's a beauty, isn't she? I should've  retired from the Navy ten years ago.
27) 10) dialog: Hell, there's just twenty or so of you  -- we only need a skeleton crew and  it's a pleasure to sail her anyway. (beat)
27) 11) text: By the way, congratulations on winning  the intramural diving championships,  Miles. I'm sure you made your old man  proud. Admiral Robertson gives his own son a glance; maybe Sean  should think about doing the same.
27) 13) dialog: Actually, I thought I'd leave the  honors to my son.
27) 15) dialog: (to Chief Engineer, ignoring  Sean)
27) 17) dialog: But before you take the helm, take  this. He tosses Sean a wrapped box. Sean opens it. Inside is a  navigational computer the size of a calculator, sitting  next to a rusty old sextant.
27) 18) dialog: Something old and something new. I  used the sextant when I was your age,  but now they have these goddamn  computers to do all the work for you.
27) 22) dialog: Aren't you forgetting something? Sean looks flustered. Admiral Robertson storms to a  large button, pressing it three times, piercing the air  with three long blasts of the ship's horn. It  underscores his frustration.
27) 23) dialog: We're in foggy weather! Send out the  international maritime signal that a  vessel is backing down, followed by a  security broadcast warning other  ships! He shoves the mike out at Sean, but he doesn't grab it,  leaving the bridge, humiliated. There's an awkward moment for Miles, unable to find any appropriate words. He exits as well. Admiral Robertson stares out the bridge window,  saddened and frustrated. It wasn't supposed to go this  way.
59) 1) dialog: Let's kick in the stablilizers, Mr.  Carlson, and get the seas off the  quarter. These kids are in for one  hell of a storm.
59) 4) dialog: gets a reflective look in his weary eyes.
59) 7) dialog: A tremendous age. Take some advice  from a salty old man: don't push him  too hard. The Chief Engineer nods with a sympathetic smile as the  Admiral steps off the bridge, onto the stormy deck,  contemplating the sea. The Chief Engineer moves to the  radio/intercom console. He lifts a telephone, punching in a three digit number. PUSH IN TIGHT ON HIS FACE.
59) 11) dialog: returns to the bridge as LIGHTNING flashes outside.
59) 12) dialog: Better have them doublecheck the  lifeboat stations as well... Admiral Robertson stops cold upon the sight of Mr.  Carlson. He hurries over to him, kneeling down, freezing  as a pair of MUDDY FEET ENTER FRAME. Admiral Robertson  bends his neck upwards to face: