2) 0) text: A teenage boy and girl, JIM and SUZY, are slow-dancing.  Jim's lips softly touch her lissome shoulders.
2) 1) dialog: Well...how do you feel?
2) 3) dialog: I'm talking about graduation. Being  totally free to do whatever we want  now. Her hands slip inside his Pendleton shirt. He sighs.
2) 5) dialog: Gotta throw the anchor over. He leaves the cabin. She slips under the bed sheets.
3) 0) text: as Jim tosses a small anchor overboard.
3) 2) dialog: glances at the lake, at their eerie surroundings. He  feels a chill, heading back inside.
4) 0) text: as Jim returns with an uneasy expression. He crawls on  top of the bed, kissing her again, but not with the same  enthusiasm as before.
4) 2) dialog: Nothing. He starts to pull off his shirt and join her. She senses  his anxiety.
4) 4) dialog: It's just that we're right around that  old summer camp where all those  murders took place. The boat creaks. She's instantly nervous.
4) 6) dialog: Never mind, you don't want to know  about it.
4) 8) dialog: There's nothing to worry about, Suzy.  The guy's dead now, somewhere at the  bottom of this lake...if you believe  the stories. (beat)
4) 11) dialog: There was this boy named Jason  Voorhees who drowned in Crystal  Lake...
4) 14) dialog: None of the counselors heard him.
5) 1) dialog: A bunch of years went by and everybody  forgot about it. (beat)
6) 2) dialog: That's what some people thought. But  they were wrong.
7) 1) dialog: His mother blamed the counselors for  his death and tried to kill them all. (dramatic pause)
7) 4) dialog: No.
8) 2) dialog: Legend has it that Jason came back to  avenge his mother's death, vowing to  kill every teenager from the area.  (beat)
8) 4) dialog: Forget about it, Suzy. They're just  stories. He brushes her hair back, kissing her cheek gently,  finding the nape of her neck again. She closes her eyes,  trying to dismiss what he's dredged up. But she can't.  Suzy begins to rationalize.
8) 6) dialog: Right.
8) 8) dialog: Right.
8) 10) dialog: Right. Except that Jason isn't real  so none of it matters anyway. She starts to relax, returning his kisses.
9) 0) text: as Jim slides on top of Suzy. Thoughts of Jason are  starting to slip away along with their clothes.
13) 2) dialog: Hear what? He pulls her back down.
13) 4) dialog: All right, I'll check it out. He slips on his jeans, exiting the cabin. She pulls the  sheet up around her fearfully.
14) 0) text: Suzy is tensely kneeling on the bed now. The black void  of night is all she sees out the cabin door, which Jim  has left open. An uncomfortable amount of time passes.
14) 8) dialog: Gotcha good, baby cakes. She doesn't know whether to hug him with relief or kick  him in the balls. He pulls her back onto the bed,  laughing.
16) 0) text: as Jim holds his angry girlfriend down on the bed, trying unsuccessfully to kiss her.
16) 1) dialog: All right, all right -- I'm a major  ass.
16) 3) dialog: And I'll never do it again. Forgive  me?
18) 6) dialog: Uh-huh. You must really think I'm an  ass. But she continues to stare in horror as:
18) 9) dialog: Ohmygod... Jim springs off the bed, looking around for anything to  defend himself with, grabbing the bedside lamp. He  SMASHES IT OVER JASON'S HEAD which has little effect. Jim scrambles to get past him, but Jason LIFTS JIM IN THE  AIR, SLAMMING HIM DOWN ON ONE OF THE SPIKED BEDPOSTS.