41) 0) text: A strong seventeen year-old black kid, JULIUS GAW, is  going a few rounds with another senior boy who's clearly  losing the boxing match. Julius dances around him on the  mat like he's Mike Tyson, several other boys cheering  them on.
41) 5) text: Julius is the only senior I'd even  consider doing it with. If he wasn't  black, that is.
64) 0) text: as JULIUS and two other senior boys finish dressing after a shower, hearing Sean's words reverberate around them.
64) 2) dialog: What the fuck is this? The others shrug, concerned.
66) 13) text: as JULIUS arrives with the others from the locker room.  They react to the dead bodies while Sean continues at the radio.
66) 17) dialog: Who did this, man?
72) 18) dialog: Yeah, well these dead bodies are sure  enough real. (to the others)
72) 21) dialog: School's out, McCulloch. (to the others)
72) 22) text: Let's go. Julius walks off the bridge; all the seniors follow  except Sean.
74) 0) text: as Julius and his followers continue on, passing Eva,  who's coming up from a staircase. She stops Wayne.
84) 0) text: where Julius has gathered his small group of vigilantes,  including Miles and Wayne.
84) 1) dialog: I managed to scrounge this shit from  the game room and hallways. Grab what  you want. Wayne takes one of the rifles; Miles grabs the axe.
84) 3) dialog: (flexes fists)
84) 6) text: We're talking the possibility of Jason  Voorhees here. Julius pauses. He's not stupid.
84) 7) dialog: Nothin' but this gun. He reaches down, picking up the other rifle. And they  move.
90) 3) text: as the shrieking alarm assaults the main deck, hallways  and corridors, giving Julius, Miles and Wayne deep  pause for thought.
93) 0) text: as it slams open...and JULIUS steps out, not Sean, from a different deck door. TRACK with him as he treads along  the side of the ship, skeet rifle raised.
93) 2) dialog: shoves the gun stock into his shoulder and takes  instantaneous aim...but he doesn't shoot. He slowly  lowers the rifle.
97) 0) text: He's pacing along when a clattering noise from above  makes him stop. Suddenly MILES' AXE THUDS INTO THE  MAHOGANY DECK NEXT TO HIS FOOT. Julius gazes at it,  jerking his head upward.
97) 1) dialog: Miles?? His answer is a LOUD CRACK OF LIGHTNING. At the same  time:
98) 0) text: as Julius zooms up them to aid his comrade.
100) 2) dialog: doesn't get the chance to grasp the reality of it because
101) 0) text: ...and Julius SPLASHES INTO THE ROUGH SEA. He's quickly  swallowed by the torrential waters.
132) 0) text: The water is less rough now, the rain replaced with fog.  Julius has taken McCulloch's place behind an oar;  McCulloch is flanking his shivering niece with Miss Van  Deusen.
132) 4) text: Do you know where we are, Sean? Sean pauses, utterly exhausted. He thinks for a moment,  remembering his father's gift. Sean reaches into his coat pocket, removing the pocket navigational calculator. He  stares at it long and hard. Julius looks over at him,  seeing that Sean is on the verge of tears. He grips his  shoulder.
132) 5) dialog: Hey man, if I can make it, so can.  you. Sean slowly nods, turning on the calculator.
134) 0) text: McCulloch, Rennie and Miss Van Deusen are asleep, Sean  and Julius rowing on sheer will power. Sean takes one  more stroke, feels himself passing out, then regains his  coherence again. Julius glances off the side of the ship  for no particular reason, then does a doubletake.
135) 0) text: Julius feels his eyes widening and a huge smile taking  control of his haggard face. He tugs on Sean's sleeve,  his eyes never leaving the monument.
135) 1) dialog: Hey man, wake up! Check it out!! The other stir as well, opening their eyes, not sure if  it's some kind of vision or if they are genuinely here.
135) 2) dialog: God damn, we're in New York! You did  it, my man!! Julius howls with delight, Miss Van Deusen hugging Rennie as Julius gives Sean the high-five. Toby barks.
136) 0) text: as the sound of Julius' voice grows fainter. The water  begins to ripple...then the top half of a HOCKEY MASK 
137) 0) text: as Julius and Sean row the lifeboat up to a narrow barge  beneath deserted dock warehouses. They are not in the  safest part of town by a longshot.
139) 21) dialog: We can't let those gang-bangers get  away, man... Julius starts to move after them. McCulloch grabs him.
141) 0) text: as Julius runs into view, looking down a menacing alley,  spotting a phone booth. He hurries for it.
141) 2) dialog: slams open the booth door, grabbing the receiver,  punching the "operator" digit. SLOWLY PUSH IN on him as  he waits for an answer. Several more rings.
141) 3) dialog: C'mon... Finally a click and muffled words from the operator.
141) 4) dialog: Get me the police -- this is an  emergency...
142) 0) text: as Julius' head appears, clawing his way onto the tar- papered surface, running to the opposite side. A second  later, JASON HOPS UP RIGHT BEHIND HIM.
142) 1) text: as Julius soon learns the awful truth that the only way  up is the only way down...with the exception of a head- splitting freefall. No way is he gonna jump. Julius turns back to Jason, raising his fists, psyching himself up for the fight of his life. He whispers to himself:
142) 2) dialog: Use the combos and keep the feet  light... THE FIGHT BEGINS, man against monster, each sizing the  other up.  Jason takes the first swing, Julius deftly dodging him  and countering with left-right-left combination. They  have absolutely no effect. Julius follows up with a round of kidney punches. Again, nothing. Julius finds himself  being forced back against the rings, which in this case  is the edge of the roof. He risks a glance backwards and  sees:
142) 5) dialog: Take your best shot, motherfucker... Jason gladly obliges, winding up and recoiling with a  punch none of us expected...
145) 3) text: Thank you. The first thing we' have to  do is find Julius.
147) 0) text: There is no time for escape. Rennie finds the ignition  and fires it up, jamming it into drive and STOMPING ON  THE ACCELERATOR. Julius' head rolls off the dash, onto  the floorboards.