21) 2) text: as SEAN ROBERTSON walks toward the ship with pal MILES  WOLFE. Sean's a tall, nice looking, somewhat serious guy; Miles is shorter, athletic and more extroverted.
21) 3) dialog: You're telling me this boat has a pool  with a three meter board?
21) 5) dialog: I think I'm gonna blow off New York  and just stay on this thing.
21) 8) dialog: (under his breath)
23) 7) text: Congratulations on the 3.9 average,  Miss Watanabe. You're in stateroom two- fifty-five. Eva smiles awkwardly, reaching for her luggage, stalling  to see what happens with Tamara.
27) 4) text: Take in the gangway and single up all  lines. SEAN and MILES enter the room; Sean gets a glance from  his Dad. Miles is very impressed with the bridge.
27) 6) dialog: Hey, Admiral Robertson. Love your  ship.
27) 8) dialog: You've really been generous to give us  this cruise. I know I speak for  everybody on board. Everybody...with the possible exception of Sean. He  avoids eye contact with his father.
27) 11) text: By the way, congratulations on winning  the intramural diving championships,  Miles. I'm sure you made your old man  proud. Admiral Robertson gives his own son a glance; maybe Sean  should think about doing the same.
27) 16) text: Relinquishing command of the Princess  Ruby to Captain Sean Robertson. Sean has no say in the matter. Miles can feel his  friend's nervousness as well.
44) 16) dialog: A half-twist short. I'll hone that  dive yet. He swims to the side, leading us to a view of Rennie.  She's very cautious about getting too close to the pool  edge as she approaches Miss Van Deusen.
63) 0) text: Miles is toweling off under the shelter of a gazebo as  Sean's voice blares out of a rain-pounded megaphone  speaker nearby.
63) 2) text: What I mean is, this is an  emergency... Miles knows he can't be joking around. Wayne comes  walking by, covering his camcorder with his jacket.
66) 15) dialog: Sean, what's going on? Then he sees the corpses. He needs no further answer.
66) 19) dialog: Isn't there some international S.O.S.  thing you can do???
84) 0) text: where Julius has gathered his small group of vigilantes,  including Miles and Wayne.
90) 3) text: as the shrieking alarm assaults the main deck, hallways  and corridors, giving Julius, Miles and Wayne deep  pause for thought.
93) 3) text: as MILES lowers the axe. They've just scared the shit out of each other.
93) 4) dialog: I'll take the upper deck. Julius nods. They separate. Neither boy notices the  smoke which is starting to emerge from a deck vent...
95) 0) text: --steaming and far from calm as the weather blitzes it.  Miles appears, climbing a ladder to the upper deck level.
96) 0) text: as Miles arrives, axe raised. He pauses to regard his  surroundings, then moves on. RACK FOCUS TO FIND JASON  RIGHT BEHIND HIM, having followed Miles up the stairs.
96) 1) text: Only darkness and rain for a beat, then Miles  materializes, curving around the gargantuan smokestack.  He passes us and we SWING AROUND, now looking at the back of his head. He takes three more steps and JASON STEPS  INTO THE FOREGROUND. Miles senses his presence and JERKS 
97) 0) text: He's pacing along when a clattering noise from above  makes him stop. Suddenly MILES' AXE THUDS INTO THE  MAHOGANY DECK NEXT TO HIS FOOT. Julius gazes at it,  jerking his head upward.
99) 0) text: as Miles slides up to the mast and begins scaling it. He  glances downward and sees:
99) 2) dialog: slips on a rung, regains control, and continues upward.  He makes it three more steps, almost at the uppermost  point when JASON GRABS THE BACK OF HIS COAT, TEARING HIM  OFF THE MAST.
99) 4) text: ...Empty space for a half-second, then MILES' FACE JOLTS  INTO FRAME with a look of ultimate agony. Something has  abruptly stopped his fall. Something quite fatal.