21) 16) text: Standing on the upper deck is a no-nonsense, uniformed  Navy man, ADMIRAL ROBERTSON. The captain of the ship. And Sean's father. Sean's sadness about Rennie's absence is  immediately replaced with anxiety.
22) 0) text: Behind the wheel is MISS COLLEEN VAN DEUSEN, thirties,  attractive, a progressive attitude. RENNIE WICKHAM sits  next to her -- she's seventeen, pretty, slightly  withdrawn. Rennie's dog TOBY, a border collie, rides in  the back seat.
22) 2) dialog: Me too. But I'm not sure Uncle Charles  will be.
22) 4) text: Personal experiences are what fuel the  minds of great writers, Rennie. You  made the right decision.
22) 5) dialog: What about not-so-great writers? Rennie smiles self-deprecatingly, Miss Van Deusen  grinning back. But Rennie's smiles are few and far  between, this one disappearing as she glances out the  window.
22) 9) dialog: Just felt a little chill. Rennie rubs her arms, faking coldness.
22) 11) dialog: Really?
22) 13) dialog: That's wonderful, Miss Van  Deusen...what's it about? She parks the car, turning off the ignition.
22) 15) text: Or a Gothic cook book. I haven't  decided which. She's coaxed the smile out of Rennie again. Miss Van  Deusen pulls a small wrapped box from her glove  compartment, handing it to Rennie, who seems utterly  surprised.
22) 18) dialog: I don't know what to say...
25) 6) text: Rennie is walking toward them with a small suitcase, her  dog Toby striding next to her. She walks up to him,  starts to say something, then decides against it. Rennie  heads up the gangway. HOLD on McCulloch and Miss Van  Deusen. He's livid.
26) 0) text: as she reaches the top of the gangway, her heart  pounding. Rennie pauses, working up the courage to look  out at the lake again.
26) 6) dialog: leans back in terror, falling into Miss Van Deusen.
26) 10) dialog: I just got a little dizzy. I'm fine. She continues up the ramp. HOLD on Miss Van Deusen,  watching her go, somewhat troubled by it. RACK to  McCulloch below her, also watching. Extremely concerned.
26) 11) dialog: continues along the starboard side, not risking another  glance overboard. She passes an older, very deranged DECK HAND, mopping the deck. HOLD on him, his bloodshot eyes  following her like a crazed raven.
30) 0) text: as Sean continues along, hands in pockets. He turns a  corner and collides with RENNIE, walking her dog. His  eyes instantly brighten, as do hers.
30) 2) dialog: Hi, Sean.
30) 4) dialog: (glances at Toby)
30) 7) dialog: But I didn't get you one...
30) 9) dialog: Sean...it's beautiful. Sean takes it from her, snapping it around her neck.
30) 11) dialog: I'd love to.
30) 16) dialog: I'm staying.
30) 18) dialog: She didn't push me into coming.
30) 20) dialog: I don't even know why I'm afraid,  Uncle Charles. I can't even remember  when it started. Don't you think it's  time I found out and got over it? He takes a measured pause.
30) 22) dialog: I'm staying. He's not going to change her mind. P.O.V. - RENNIE AND MCCULLOCH (B &amp; W/VIEWFINDER MATTE through a porthole window...and through the viewfinder  of a video camcorder. McCulloch shakes his head, turning  away from Rennie and walking away. A sinister electric  guitar solo screeches out. PAN with McCulloch as he  passes the window, coming around 180 degrees into a CLOSE UP of J.J. JARRETT, fingering a sleek Gibson "Flying V."
37) 1) text: as Rennie's hand carefully dips it in India ink, moving  to a blank page in her journal. She hesitates for several beats.
38) 1) dialog: What do you think...time for some  personal experiences to fuel our  minds? The dog's eyes blink, but no more than that.
38) 2) dialog: I agree. Rennie moves to her closet, finding a silk blouse and  some black satin pants.
39) 4) dialog: feels her throat catch with terror and an instant later:
39) 8) dialog: snaps out of it, moving to the door, where her dog is  frantically clawing with his fur up.
39) 9) dialog: Okay Toby, calm down... She's talking to herself as much as the dog. Rennie  closes the curtains on her window, then steps to her  door. She swings the door open for Toby...and exposes  an empty hall. Toby scrapes his way out of the room,  dashing off down the hall, snarling.
42) 0) text: as McCulloch steps from Rennie's room, looking very  worried. Wayne Webber passes by, his eye stuck in his  viewfinder. McCulloch yanks the camcorder away from his  face.
43) 14) dialog: appears from the shadows, just as startled to see them.  It's not Jason at all. Rennie can't help noticing the  cocaine, trying hard to ignore it.
43) 16) dialog: Have you seen my dog? I think he came  this way.
43) 19) dialog: No thanks. Rennie continues on. After she's gone...
43) 23) dialog: as she presses on, the corridor getting darker.
43) 24) dialog: Toby? No reply. She walks on, turning down the left hallway...  but camera turns down the right hallway. Suddenly JASON  REVEALS HIMSELF, quietly stepping from the GAME ROOM.  He's holding a pool cue, which he proceeds to snap in  half, providing a splintery sharp shaft.
44) 18) dialog: Have you seen my dog anywhere?
46) 2) dialog: (lying)
46) 6) dialog: (a pause)
46) 7) text: There's something I haven't told  you... ...But before she can begin the next sentence, Rennie is  shoved from behind.
46) 12) dialog: flounders at the surface, nobody realizing the terror  she's experiencing. She's too scared to even cry for  help.
46) 17) text: Rennie, are you okay?
47) 0) text: as Sean climbs from the pool to join Miss Van Deusen, who is trying to comfort Rennie.
47) 5) dialog: I can't swim.
47) 9) dialog: It's not that simple.
47) 11) dialog: (long pause)
47) 14) dialog: About four years ago...at Crystal  Lake. I spent a few summers there with  Uncle Charles inbetween boarding  school.
47) 17) dialog: No. It was just a normal summer. I've  never been able to figure it out.
47) 20) text: as McCulloch rushes over to Rennie, seeing that she's  soaked. He's livid.
47) 23) dialog: It wasn't her fault. He gets Rennie to her feet just as Sean runs back with a  towel. McCulloch grabs it from him, wrapping it around  his niece, facing both Miss Van Deusen and Sean.
47) 26) dialog: Just...leave me alone... She pulls away from him, hurrying off, confused and  frightened. McCulloch's retinas pierce the Deck Hand with scorn. He checks his watch, then storms off.
54) 0) text: as Rennie enters, her eyes reddened. She moves to the  sink, looking at herself in the mirror. So much for the  silk blouse and satin pants, not to mention her soaked  hair. Rennie runs some warm water, rinsing her face. When she starts to fill her hands a second time, BLOOD  POURS OUT THE FAUCET INSTEAD OF WATER. Rennie gasps,  jerking up and seeing YOUNG JASON REFLECTED ON THE OTHER  SIDE OF THE MIRROR, SPLASHING IN WATER.
54) 1) dialog: It's not real, it's not real...
56) 0) text: Young Jason reaches out to grab Rennie, HIS FIST CRASHING THROUGH THE MIRROR. Right when Rennie SCREAMS:
58) 0) text: as Rennie comes rushing out, right into the arms of.  Sean. She clings to him, sobbing as the rain falls over  them.
58) 2) dialog: I want to go home. I want off this  ship. After a moment...
60) 0) text: as Sean and Rennie walk up the corridor leading to the  bridge.
60) 1) dialog: Can he really take us home?
60) 3) dialog: What about you?
62) 0) text: as Miss Van Deusen steps up to Rennie's door, gently  knocking.
66) 2) dialog: What is happening??? Sean regains his balance, moving to the computer console, looking at the OMEGA and LORAN like he's never seen them  before.
66) 4) dialog: What do you mean??? Another wave hammers the bow. She's in a state of awful  panic.
66) 6) dialog: Can't you call for help?? Sean tries to get a grip and assess the situation, pacing frenetically.
66) 8) dialog: Where are they?
66) 11) dialog: Just radio for help, okay??? She hurries out the door, working on terror-induced  adrenaline. Sean rushes to the radio console, depressing  the keying button, speaking into the mike.
73) 0) text: as Rennie moves past wet, empty lounge chairs towards the bow. She passes a row of translucent windows. The first  three are normal...but the fourth has the SILHOUETTE OF 
75) 0) text: as Rennie appears, fighting the wind and rain to get  closer to the anchor hoists.
76) 1) dialog: Toby? She turns, catching a glimpse of her dog running down the side of the deck. Rennie leaves the hoist, going after  Toby.
82) 0) text: Rennie appears again, scanning her no-visibility  surroundings.
82) 1) dialog: Toby? Where'd you go? No sign of her dog. She remembers her mission, heading to the anchors again.
83) 0) text: as Rennie arrives on the bow, climbing into the left  hoist box behind the huge anchor cable.
83) 2) dialog: is oblivious as she reads the directions above the  controls.
83) 7) dialog: remains in the hoist box, making certain it is operating  correctly. A second later, we see the fleeting outline of a HUMAN SHAPE appear behind her.
83) 13) dialog: But Sean said...
85) 1) dialog: Can't we at least talk about it?
85) 3) dialog: But what about the drowning boy I've  been seeing? He avoids eye contact. McCulloch takes her hand, ushering her across the threshold. She's standing inside her room  now; he's in the hallway.
85) 5) text: I want you to be safe, Rennie. That's  all I care about.
85) 6) dialog: I'm not staying in my room, Uncle  Charles.
85) 8) dialog: Uncle Charles! He ignores her, briskly walking away.
91) 0) text: as the alarm bombards Rennie's ears like everybody  else's. She hurries to her curtained porthole window,  working up the energy to look outside. Rennie gets a grip on them, FLINGING THEM OPEN. The DECK HAND'S CRAZED FACE  IS GAZING BACK AT HER. Rennie screams; a second later he  hurries off.
102) 0) text: as Rennie's HAND jiggles her doorknob again, confirming  that it's locked tight. RISE to find her desperate face;  she begins furiously pacing and we DOLLY BEHIND HER  ...but Rennie stops cold upon hearing:
102) 4) dialog: stands frozen, feeling herself drawn to him like a  magnet. She crawls to the edge of her rug, which is now a deep lake, and extends her arms to him.
102) 6) dialog: feels the skin on her face crawling off her skull, her  eyes expanding because she's now looking at:
102) 9) dialog: screams with guttural fear, letting go of herself,  watching her younger self drown in the hole in her room.
102) 11) text: as Rennie moves away, tears rolling down her face,  utterly confused. She backs against the wall next to her  porthole window and THE REAL JASON'S FIST SMASHES THROUGH THE WINDOW, GRABBING HER THROAT. Rennie struggles,  gasping for air as he attempts to strangle her.
102) 16) dialog: sinks to the floor, scrambling on all fours to get as far away from the porthole as possible. She makes it across  the room to her stateroom door just as:
102) 19) dialog: (pointing)
102) 21) dialog: I don't understand what is happening  to me... She breaks down; he holds her.
105) 0) text: The ship noticeably rocks from the explosion. Rennie  clings to him fearfully.
105) 1) dialog: What is it?? One second later, the lights begin to flicker.
108) 2) dialog: Is the ship going to sink?? He returns to Rennie, the panic settling back in.
108) 6) dialog: (terrified)
108) 9) dialog: I'm not!!
111) 0) text: as McCulloch rushes up to Rennie's already open door,  cautiously entering with flare gun raised.
113) 0) text: A horrible grinding sound echoes through the narrow  corridor. Sean and Rennie appear at the opposite end,  coughing on the black smoke which clouds their  passageway. Sean looks down, seeing that they are  standing in a puddle of water.
114) 0) text: A WHOOPING SIREN blasts through the passageway. Sean and  Rennie have no time to react because:
114) 2) text: ...and a WALL OF WATER ENGULFS.RENNIE AND SEAN, KNOCKING  THEM DOWN. Sean fights to pull her up, but not in time  for her to witness:
117) 0) text: as Sean climbs up from below, soaked to the bone, pulling up a half-conscious Rennie. Sean carries her around a  corner, where he collides with McCulloch. McCulloch  pulls Rennie away from him.
120) 0) text: as McCulloch, Miss Van Deusen, Rennie and Sean scramble  to the closest lifeboat.
120) 4) dialog: I...I can't...
122) 0) text: as Rennie clings to         Miss Van Deusen, crying.
123) 0) text: as Rennie climbs over the boat edge, RECOILING AT THE  SOUND OF A SNARLING DOG. Toby is curled up in the  corner of the lifeboat, teeth bared.
123) 1) dialog: Toby... She climbs in, moving to her equally, relieved dog,  McCulloch and Miss Van Deusen right behind her.
134) 0) text: McCulloch, Rennie and Miss Van Deusen are asleep, Sean  and Julius rowing on sheer will power. Sean takes one  more stroke, feels himself passing out, then regains his  coherence again. Julius glances off the side of the ship  for no particular reason, then does a doubletake.
137) 1) text: as they climb onto the barge. Rennie breathes with relief as she steps off the boat. She takes a final glance back  at it and sees:
138) 1) dialog: No!!! They all follow her eyeline...but the water is calm,  nothing there.
139) 9) text: You got that right... He steps over to Rennie, brushing her hair back with the  barrel of his revolver, spotting the Statue of Liberty  pendant Sean gave her.
139) 13) dialog: No! She pushes his arm to the side just as the bullet  FIRES...
139) 18) text: Would I do that? They cough out laughs. Gang Banger #1 looks into Rennie's eyes, his barrel still on her skin.
140) 0) text: It's a narrow passageway between warehouses...decrepit  brownstones with shattered chicken-wire windows, moss  growing on the bricks. The Gang Bangers appear with  Rennie, dragging her down some concrete steps.
140) 3) text: as a yellowish liquid squirts out the dirty needle. WIDEN to find Gang Banger #2 holding it with transfixed eyes,  his compadre holding a squirming Rennie down on the  couch, tearing back her jacket to reveal a bare arm.
140) 4) dialog: Please don't...
140) 7) text: just as Gang Banger #2 jabs Rennie with the needle.  Gang Banger #1 wrestles off his torn leather jacket,  pushing Rennie back on the exposed foam padding as his  friend watches excitedly.
140) 13) dialog: opens her eyes, looking into the dead boy's face as  blood drips from his mouth. He collapses in front of  her, giving way to a view of JASON TOWERING OVER HER. At  the same time:
140) 19) dialog: shoves Gang Banger #1 off of her as Jason returns his  attention to her. She grabs a loose brick and FLINGS IT  AT HIM, CRACKING HIS HOCKEY MASK, momentarily  disorienting him. Rennie sprints away.
143) 0) text: as Rennie dizzily runs down the alley, the effects of the drugs kicking in.
143) 4) dialog: Drugs... (serious pause)
144) 6) text: as Sean and Rennie run to join them from the alley.  McCulloch rushes to his niece.
147) 0) text: There is no time for escape. Rennie finds the ignition  and fires it up, jamming it into drive and STOMPING ON  THE ACCELERATOR. Julius' head rolls off the dash, onto  the floorboards.
147) 3) dialog: slams on the brakes, jerks it into reverse and FLOORS IT  AGAIN.
147) 5) dialog: stomps on the brake pedal and the tires SCREECH TO A  HALT. They all take a moment to catch their breath,  looking out the front window...
147) 7) dialog: desperately throws it into forward again, gripping the  wheel and RACING FORWARD.
150) 0) text: as Rennie stomps the brake pedal, jerking it into  reverse...
153) 0) text: Rennie is almost maniacal now, her knuckles white around  the vinyl wheel, her foot practically mashed through the  floorboard.
154) 1) text: as the front passenger door is shoved open by Sean, who  drags out Rennie. McCulloch follows close behind, helping Sean carry her away from the wreckage, over by a row of  old oil drums filled with slime and rainwater. Then it  suddenly hits Sean...
154) 4) dialog: opens her dazed eyes, seeing Miss Van Deusen's body  charring inside the wreckage. It's incomprehensible. She  numbly gets to her feet, stepping towards it. Something  makes her hesitate: she peers down at the asphalt...
155) 18) dialog: is too panicked to obey.
155) 20) text: The world above her ceases to exist, murky lake water  taking over. Rennie looks-down, and to her horror...
156) 0) text: as the gasoline continues to burn, the rowboat gone.  ADJUST to find RENNIE'S FACE, the flames of the car  wreckage flickering over her glassy eyes. She looks up at Miss Van Deusen's body one last time before:
157) 1) dialog: You pushed me...
157) 3) text: I was only trying to teach you. But I  pulled you out, Rennie. I saved your  life. Rennie just stares, incredulous.
157) 5) dialog: He was down there!!! And Rennie runs off. McCulloch starts to follow but Sean  grabs him, shoving him down.
158) 0) text: as Sean runs into view, glancing around, spotting Rennie, crouched against a crumbled brick wall. No tears...only  hate. Sean sits down next to her. After several  moments...
158) 1) dialog: I was at school when they told me.  'Rennie, we have some very bad news...  your parents have been killed in an  auto accident.' Sean gently takes her hand, sharing her internal agony.
158) 2) dialog: It seems like everybody I care about  ends up... She can't finish. PUSH IN as Sean kisses her on the  forehead, then makes her look into his eyes.
158) 7) dialog: Toby... She starts to move towards him and her dog SNARLS  VICIOUSLY, CROUCHING BACK IN FEAR.
158) 8) dialog: What's wrong, boy? Another protective growl, then:
159) 0) text: as Rennie, Sean and the dog run straight towards us,  Jason swiftly catching up. FAST TRACK WITH THEM over to a deserted, rain-slicked SUBWAY ENTRANCE.
161) 0) text: Sean, Rennie and Toby sail down the escalators past a few scattered COMMUTERS. Again, Jason appears, looming tall  at the top. He starts down the "up" escalator.
162) 0) text: as Sean and Rennie slide up to the edge of the track pit, SEEING THE LIGHTS OF AN APPROACHING TRAIN which is taking too long to get there.
162) 5) dialog: shrieks in horror as Toby disappears inside the pit just  as the train roars by.
165) 0) text: as Rennie and Sean run for their lives, arriving at the  end of a car, jamming the separating doors open and  entering the next car. Jason follows right behind.
167) 0) text: --seeing Sean and Rennie disappear through another  connecting door. We storm our way through it into the  next car right after them. A handful of TRAVELERS cower  away from us.
169) 0) text: as Sean and Rennie come through another set of separating doors, rushing through... finding they're in the last  car. They look back, seeing Jason enter at the opposite  end. The monster stalks forward. Sean's eyes dart  around. He spots the EMERGENCY STOP CORD. HE LEAPS FOR  IT.
171) 0) text: The sudden stop throws Jason on his back. Sean throws the rear door open, jumping out with Rennie.
172) 0) text: as Sean and Rennie sprint down the center of the tracks  toward the light of the next station, running out of  strength.
173) 0) text: as they emerge from the darkness, up to the edge of the  pit. Sean boosts Rennie up, starting to climb up himself  when:
173) 2) dialog: 
173) 4) dialog: runs straight towards the track pit like a football  punter, RECOILING WITH HER RIGHT LEG, KICKING JASON  SQUARELY IN THE FACE.
174) 4) dialog: Somebody help us!! He's going to kill  us!!! But the heavy Times Square foot traffic ignores her,  bustling onward. Rennie and Sean have no choice but to  flee again.
175) 0) text: filled with noise, smoke and derelicts. A tough,  redheaded WAITRESS with a thick Brooklyn accent stands  behind the countertop, a wall of mirrors behind her. The  front door bangs open with the entrance of Sean and  Rennie, rushing up to the waitress.
175) 3) dialog: Please, hurry... A telephone sits right next to her, but this is New York.
175) 6) dialog: You don't understand -- there's a  maniac trying to kill us!!!
177) 0) text: They run about ten yards before realizing the alley is a  dead end. Sean and Rennie start to head back the other  way when JASON MOWS OUT FROM THE DINER DOOR. Their vision scatters everywhere in search of a retreat...
177) 1) dialog: Look! She's spotted a MANHOLE COVER, slightly ajar. They  haven't the luxury of thinking about it, Sean sliding the cover back as Jason comes forth.
178) 0) text: as they descend into hell...a massive chamber consisting  of tall columns, slimy catacombs and three feet of  stagnant water. Their alternatives are nil; Sean and  Rennie join hands, wading through the swill, splashing  deeper into the labyrinth.
179) 0) text: An oval tunnel slanted downward into pitch blackness.  Dim overhead lights illuminate salt deposits and eery  rust formations. Rennie and Sean appear at the far end,  wading from the sewage as the tunnel rises toward us.
179) 10) text: And that's less than ten minutes from  now. Rennie looks down the dark tunnels in all directions,  swallowing hard.
180) 5) dialog: tries to help up Sean but he's been knocked into the  opposite wall, barely conscious.
180) 8) dialog: backs away but does not run. The time has come to face  her fears.
180) 11) dialog: You never got me in the lake, Jason.  And you're not going to get me now  either. Her voice is defiant. She carefully backstops, the  irritating light never leaving us.
181) 0) text: as Rennie dashes up to the HUGHES CHEMICAL DRUM Sean  tripped over, using the back end of the flashlight to  crush in the can's rusted lid. The metal is flimsy but  still resists her blows. She frantically hammers harder.
183) 0) text: --Looking through his unblinking eyes, whipping into  Tunnel #1...where we catch a fleeting glimpse of Rennie  flinging the contents of the oil drum. A half second  later a WAVE OF GRAY/GREEN LIQUID FLIES AT US...
183) 2) dialog: drops the can, fumbling for the flashlight again.
183) 6) text: as Rennie skirts past the blinded creature: WHIP PAN WITH HER as she turns down Tunnel #2, heading back toward  Sean. CONTINUE TO QUICKLY PAN AROUND until we've come  around 360 degrees and are back on JASON, in no way  ready to give up. He staggers after Rennie.
184) 0) text: as Rennie skids up to Sean, still dazed. She grabs him,  shaking hard.
184) 1) dialog: Get up, Sean!!! His eyes blink, only half coherent. Then an inconceivable terror registers in her ears...A LOW, DEEP RUMBLING  SOUND, COMING FROM UP AHEAD. Her head jerks in the  direction of her planned retreat:
184) 5) dialog: rotates her head and sees:
184) 7) dialog: drags Sean to his feet with the strength of a possessed  woman, pulling him over to a SERVICE LADDER attached to  the intersecting alcove wall.
184) 8) dialog: (screaming)
184) 9) text: Climb!!! She shoves him up it from below, Sean summoning  everything he's got to obey her. Rennie shoots a stare  back down the tunnel...
184) 13) dialog: slips on the rusty ladder, regaining her footing. and  rushing higher. She takes her final glance into the  tunnel, the ultimate horror registering in her corneas as she sees:
188) 0) text: The powerful flood thrashes the ladder about two inches  below Rennie's feet, the force of it fiercely shaking  their rusty support. They are clinging to the ladder with their eyes squeezed shut. Praying for survival.
191) 0) text: Rennie and Sean stagger out from a side street, holding  each other up...relief etched in their matured faces.
191) 5) dialog: Oh Toby...
191) 6) text: as Sean bends down too, ruffling the dog's fur, standing  again with Rennie. The three survivors enter the collage  of pedestrians, bright lights and skyscrapers.  It is finally over.