21) 2) text: as SEAN ROBERTSON walks toward the ship with pal MILES  WOLFE. Sean's a tall, nice looking, somewhat serious guy; Miles is shorter, athletic and more extroverted.
21) 4) dialog: It's a ship and that's right. Plus a  disco, gym, game room and a lot more.
21) 9) text: Of course...wouldn't want to risk  enjoying this trip. McCulloch gives him a frown. Sean steps up to him  tentatively.
21) 10) dialog: Which cabin is Rennie in, Mr.  McCulloch?
21) 12) dialog: But I thought...
21) 16) text: Standing on the upper deck is a no-nonsense, uniformed  Navy man, ADMIRAL ROBERTSON. The captain of the ship. And Sean's father. Sean's sadness about Rennie's absence is  immediately replaced with anxiety.
21) 17) dialog: Be right up, Dad. He and Miles head up the gangway, both boys giving  McCulloch one last glare.
27) 4) text: Take in the gangway and single up all  lines. SEAN and MILES enter the room; Sean gets a glance from  his Dad. Miles is very impressed with the bridge.
27) 5) dialog: Hello, Dad.
27) 11) text: By the way, congratulations on winning  the intramural diving championships,  Miles. I'm sure you made your old man  proud. Admiral Robertson gives his own son a glance; maybe Sean  should think about doing the same.
27) 14) dialog: Dad, I don't think...
27) 16) text: Relinquishing command of the Princess  Ruby to Captain Sean Robertson. Sean has no say in the matter. Miles can feel his  friend's nervousness as well.
27) 20) text: Have you decided on a plan of  departure, Captain? Sean's nervous. He eyes the Omega, quickly glancing at  the LORAN, briefly referring to the navigational chart.
27) 21) dialog: How about if we start up the forward  engines and come around. 180  degrees...
28) 0) text: as he continues away, his retreat blocked by the DECK  HAND. The crazy old man pierces a dead serious stare at  Sean.
28) 2) dialog: Yeah, tell me about it. Sean sidesteps him, moving on.
30) 0) text: as Sean continues along, hands in pockets. He turns a  corner and collides with RENNIE, walking her dog. His  eyes instantly brighten, as do hers.
30) 1) dialog: Rennie...
30) 3) dialog: I heard you weren't coming.
30) 5) text: We changed our minds. Sean pats her dog. There's an awkward pause...they are  obviously in the early stages-of a relationship.  Sean reaches into his coat pocket, bringing back a small  necklace-sized box.
30) 6) dialog: I got you a present.
30) 8) dialog: Forget it. It's a dumb little thing  anyway. Rennie opens it up, exposing a petite silver necklace  with a Statue of Liberty pendant on it. She's touched.
30) 10) dialog: I thought maybe we could hike to the  top of the Statue when we got there,  if you felt like it. It's supposed to  be 22 stories tall.
30) 13) dialog: I guess I'll see you later. Sean leaves. McCulloch steps up to Rennie, pointing out  to the foggy sea. Her respiration increases as she  psyches herself up to look.
46) 16) dialog: What happened? (to Rennie)
46) 20) dialog: realizes she's in trouble. He immediately dives in after  her, pulling her to the pool's edge, where Miss Van  Deusen helps to lift her out.
47) 0) text: as Sean climbs from the pool to join Miss Van Deusen, who is trying to comfort Rennie.
47) 2) text: Bring her a towel, okay? Sean nods, hurrying off as others start to crowd around.  Miss Van Deusen looks up at them.
58) 0) text: as Rennie comes rushing out, right into the arms of.  Sean. She clings to him, sobbing as the rain falls over  them.
58) 1) dialog: It's okay...you're going to be okay.
58) 3) dialog: Me too. (beat)
60) 0) text: as Sean and Rennie walk up the corridor leading to the  bridge.
60) 2) dialog: Not completing a voyage is against  everything he stands for. But I think  I can convince him to call a Coast  Guard cutter for you.
60) 4) dialog: If I go with you, he'll never speak to me again. (beat)
60) 5) text: But I'm never going to live up to his  expectations anyway...so maybe it's  the right thing to do. He's made a big decision. Sean takes her hand as they  walk on.
60) 7) dialog: knocks on the bridge door. No answer. He's confused. He  pushes the door open but something is blocking it. Sean  puts his weight into it, shoving hard.
61) 0) text: as the door slides open, Sean stepping inside. His eyes  roil downwards upon seeing THE DEAD CHIEF ENGINEER, THE  HARPOON PROTRUDING FROM HIS BLOODY CHEST.
61) 1) dialog: Oh Jesus...Dad?? Sean looks over at the helm...where his father is still  sitting in the swivel chair, his back to them. Silent.  Sean sidesteps the Chief Engineer's corpse, moving toward his father as Rennie remains frozen in shock.
61) 3) dialog: reaches out and swivels the chair around. It is his  father BUT HIS THROAT HAS BEEN SLIT. Sean staggers  backwards, uncomprehending, his senses overloaded. We  MOVE with him until he's backed into Rennie, clutching  onto him tightly.
61) 4) dialog: He's...he's dead...
62) 7) text: That's a very good question and I'd  appreciate an answer. A LOUD BUZZER blares out of an intercom speaker next to  their heads, causing the teachers to both jump. Sean's  unsteady voice immediately follows.
62) 8) dialog: Attention everybody, attention. This  is Sean Robertson...
63) 0) text: Miles is toweling off under the shelter of a gazebo as  Sean's voice blares out of a rain-pounded megaphone  speaker nearby.
63) 1) dialog: There's been... (swallows)
63) 4) dialog: Repeat, this is an emergency...
64) 0) text: as JULIUS and two other senior boys finish dressing after a shower, hearing Sean's words reverberate around them.
64) 1) dialog: I want everybody to meet on the  bridge...
65) 0) text: The wooden shuffleboard disks are drowning in  precipitation. Eva stands alone in the rain, staring at  the court as Sean's voice continues.
65) 1) dialog: Stay calm, but get here as quick as  possible. Walk with a friend if you  can... Eva wipes the rain from her face, then walks away.
66) 1) dialog: God, I wish this was a joke, but it's  not. Sean slowly puts down the phone. He's lost in a daze.  Suddenly the SHIP LURCHES, a huge swell SPLASHING THE  BRIDGE WINDOW. Admiral Robertson's body falls from the  swivel chair.
66) 3) dialog: I don't know...we've gone off course  or something...
66) 5) dialog: I don't know what I mean! All's I know  is that there's no one guiding this  ship anymore... Sean is starting to lose it. The fear of the ocean  guiding her, Rennie rushes to him, gripping and shaking  him.
66) 7) dialog: I think so. But we have to lower the  anchors so we don't drift any  further...
66) 9) dialog: The bow...front of the ship. There's a  hoist on each side that lowers them She starts to exit.
66) 10) dialog: I didn't mean for you to go!
66) 12) dialog: Mayday, mayday, mayday...
66) 13) text: as JULIUS arrives with the others from the locker room.  They react to the dead bodies while Sean continues at the radio.
66) 14) dialog: Please...can anybody out there hear  me?? No response. WAYNE and MILES rush in.
66) 20) dialog: (suddenly remembers)
68) 1) dialog: The Captain and Chief Engineer...  they've been...they're dead.
68) 4) dialog: I...I don't know...
68) 6) dialog: Yes...
70) 0) text: as Sean hurries back to the radio, pressing it against  his spitless mouth.
70) 1) dialog: I've got the numbers.
70) 3) dialog: Hello? Are you there?? No response. A lump sinks into everyone's throat.
72) 4) dialog: It's...dead.
72) 22) text: Let's go. Julius walks off the bridge; all the seniors follow  except Sean.
72) 25) dialog: She's...she's dropping the anchors. I  thought the Coast Guard could find us  easier if...
88) 0) text: as the overhead lights briefly flicker, then resume  normal operation. Sean stands opposite the navigational  chart, ping-ponging between it and the ship's  computers as Miss Van Deusen paces nervously.
88) 2) dialog: (very worried)
88) 5) text: What happens if we don't get control  of the ship, Sean? I want you to tell  me the truth.
88) 6) dialog: (beat)
88) 10) text: Has he brought it back on course yet? Sean doesn't look at him, still trying to assimilate the  wall of components.
89) 0) text: as Sean makes up his mind, flipping several toggle  switches.
89) 3) dialog: It worked...we're back on course! Sean feels his confidence instantly rejuvenated. Miss Van Deuten immediately embraces him. But a fraction of time  later:
90) 0) text: ...and a LOUD SIREN cries out across the entire vessel.  The blood drains from Sean's face.
90) 2) dialog: The fire alarm...
92) 8) text: Enough is enough.  He marches out the door. Sean finds the alarm kill  switch, flipping it. The excruciating siren vanishes. He  grabs a pair of rain jackets, tossing one to Miss Van  Deusen.
92) 9) dialog: We have to get everybody together just  in case the fire's for real. Sean heads for the door, shoving it forward.
93) 0) text: as it slams open...and JULIUS steps out, not Sean, from a different deck door. TRACK with him as he treads along  the side of the ship, skeet rifle raised.
102) 18) dialog: Rennie...??
102) 20) text: The window... Sean rushes to the shattered porthole, looking out,  seeing nothing. He steps back to her.
102) 22) dialog: It's gonna be okay...
103) 0) text: ...but Sean couldn't be more wrong. The flames are  lapping at the fuel pump and hoses, furiously burning  down into the tank. A second later the whole thing  EXPLODES IN A BALL OF FIRE.
105) 2) dialog: The power room...
108) 0) text: Sean paces feverishly in the blackness of her room,  trying to think, talking to himself.
108) 1) dialog: Rule one, don't panic. Rule two,  assess the damage and act  accordingly...
108) 3) dialog: I don't know. Her ultimate fear is staring her straight in the face.  Suddenly the dim blue lights flicker on.
108) 4) dialog: The emergency lights just kicked in... Sean makes Rennie look into his eyes. His words are meant to convince himself as much as Rennie.
108) 5) dialog: We'll be okay. I want you to wait by  the lifeboats, just in case.
108) 8) dialog: But Rennie...
113) 0) text: A horrible grinding sound echoes through the narrow  corridor. Sean and Rennie appear at the opposite end,  coughing on the black smoke which clouds their  passageway. Sean looks down, seeing that they are  standing in a puddle of water.
113) 1) dialog: Water has gotten to the engines. (coughs)
114) 0) text: A WHOOPING SIREN blasts through the passageway. Sean and  Rennie have no time to react because:
114) 2) text: ...and a WALL OF WATER ENGULFS.RENNIE AND SEAN, KNOCKING  THEM DOWN. Sean fights to pull her up, but not in time  for her to witness:
117) 0) text: as Sean climbs up from below, soaked to the bone, pulling up a half-conscious Rennie. Sean carries her around a  corner, where he collides with McCulloch. McCulloch  pulls Rennie away from him.
117) 2) dialog: This is Jason's fault!
119) 13) dialog: We have to get off this ship!! They back away from the horrid sight and begin to run,  the Abandon Ship alarm still attacking their ears.
120) 0) text: as McCulloch, Miss Van Deusen, Rennie and Sean scramble  to the closest lifeboat.
120) 1) dialog: Everybody in -- I'll get the hoists McCulloch has no time for politeness, moving to the  lifeboat ahead of the women. Rennie stops cold, gazing  classy-eyed at the small boat.
120) 7) dialog: Stop it!!
125) 0) text: Sean climbs in the boat as it continues to lower. He  takes one look back at the ship and sees:
125) 3) dialog: Come on...faster....
128) 0) text: ...and the hoist cable falls limply over them. Jason's  too late. Sean looks up and sees:
128) 3) dialog: Start rowing!! McCulloch takes the oar as Miss Van Deusen holds onto  Rennie tightly, the girl's eyes squeezed shut. Sean looks up at the ship again, and:
129) 0) text: Sean looks around with confusion as huge waves, wind and  rain pummel them.
129) 1) dialog: He's gone...
130) 0) text: Sean breathes with some relief, resuming his rowing with  McCulloch. They get about three strokes apiece before:
130) 2) dialog: It's Julius! Miss Van Deusen moves to help him and we:
132) 2) text: If we don't find the shore soon we're  all going to die. Sean tries to ignore him, keeping his mind on rowing.
132) 4) text: Do you know where we are, Sean? Sean pauses, utterly exhausted. He thinks for a moment,  remembering his father's gift. Sean reaches into his coat pocket, removing the pocket navigational calculator. He  stares at it long and hard. Julius looks over at him,  seeing that Sean is on the verge of tears. He grips his  shoulder.
134) 0) text: McCulloch, Rennie and Miss Van Deusen are asleep, Sean  and Julius rowing on sheer will power. Sean takes one  more stroke, feels himself passing out, then regains his  coherence again. Julius glances off the side of the ship  for no particular reason, then does a doubletake.
135) 0) text: Julius feels his eyes widening and a huge smile taking  control of his haggard face. He tugs on Sean's sleeve,  his eyes never leaving the monument.
137) 0) text: as Julius and Sean row the lifeboat up to a narrow barge  beneath deserted dock warehouses. They are not in the  safest part of town by a longshot.
139) 9) text: You got that right... He steps over to Rennie, brushing her hair back with the  barrel of his revolver, spotting the Statue of Liberty  pendant Sean gave her.
143) 3) dialog: Rennie...what'd they do to you??
143) 5) text: Then Jason came. He's here, Sean. Oh Jesus. He never expected this.
143) 6) dialog: We have to find the others. Together they run off.
144) 5) dialog: Hey!
144) 6) text: as Sean and Rennie run to join them from the alley.  McCulloch rushes to his niece.
144) 8) dialog: Jason's here in New York.
146) 1) dialog: There aren't any handles!! Cocaine flowing through her veins, Rennie acts  hyperkinetically, scratching her way over the seats just  as:
154) 1) text: as the front passenger door is shoved open by Sean, who  drags out Rennie. McCulloch follows close behind, helping Sean carry her away from the wreckage, over by a row of  old oil drums filled with slime and rainwater. Then it  suddenly hits Sean...
154) 2) dialog: Miss Van Deusen... He takes two steps back to the car when:
157) 4) dialog: You son of a bitch... She lets it build until she's ready to explode...then:
157) 6) dialog: You keep away from her! Sean chases after Rennie. Camera methodically PANS BACK  TO MCCULLOCH, crumpled on the ground. A very bitter man.  He wipes his hands, getting ready to stand when THE  SHADOW FALLS OVER HIM. His skin fades to porcelain white.
158) 0) text: as Sean runs into view, glancing around, spotting Rennie, crouched against a crumbled brick wall. No tears...only  hate. Sean sits down next to her. After several  moments...
158) 3) dialog: Not this time. He caresses her face; it develops into a tender kiss.  Finally she holds him back, letting it out. At the same  time:
159) 0) text: as Rennie, Sean and the dog run straight towards us,  Jason swiftly catching up. FAST TRACK WITH THEM over to a deserted, rain-slicked SUBWAY ENTRANCE.
161) 0) text: Sean, Rennie and Toby sail down the escalators past a few scattered COMMUTERS. Again, Jason appears, looming tall  at the top. He starts down the "up" escalator.
162) 0) text: as Sean and Rennie slide up to the edge of the track pit, SEEING THE LIGHTS OF AN APPROACHING TRAIN which is taking too long to get there.
162) 1) dialog: Come on... ...but Jason arrives before the train. Toby barks and  snarls, trying to protect them. Jason is unfazed. He  treads toward them and:
162) 7) dialog: makes Rennie look away, dragging her with him along the  platform edge in retreat as Jason returns his attention  to them. They reach the end of the platform, having no  choice but to board the front car.
165) 0) text: as Rennie and Sean run for their lives, arriving at the  end of a car, jamming the separating doors open and  entering the next car. Jason follows right behind.
167) 0) text: --seeing Sean and Rennie disappear through another  connecting door. We storm our way through it into the  next car right after them. A handful of TRAVELERS cower  away from us.
169) 0) text: as Sean and Rennie come through another set of separating doors, rushing through... finding they're in the last  car. They look back, seeing Jason enter at the opposite  end. The monster stalks forward. Sean's eyes dart  around. He spots the EMERGENCY STOP CORD. HE LEAPS FOR  IT.
171) 0) text: The sudden stop throws Jason on his back. Sean throws the rear door open, jumping out with Rennie.
172) 0) text: as Sean and Rennie sprint down the center of the tracks  toward the light of the next station, running out of  strength.
173) 0) text: as they emerge from the darkness, up to the edge of the  pit. Sean boosts Rennie up, starting to climb up himself  when:
174) 0) text: as our heroes arise into the neon-filled big city  wonderland, relieved to be alive, gazing around at the  awesome spectacle known as Times Square. A huge DIGITAL  CLOCK tells us it's a quarter to midnight. Sean wraps his arm around her.
174) 1) dialog: It's over, Rennie. It's finally over. Camera RISES ABOVE THEM, RACKING BACK TO THE SUBWAY EXIT. Guess who has just made an encore...with more energy  than ever!!!
174) 3) dialog: God...please no... But Jason keeps on coming.
175) 0) text: filled with noise, smoke and derelicts. A tough,  redheaded WAITRESS with a thick Brooklyn accent stands  behind the countertop, a wall of mirrors behind her. The  front door bangs open with the entrance of Sean and  Rennie, rushing up to the waitress.
175) 1) dialog: (out of breath)
176) 0) text: as Sean fumbles to unlock three deadbolts and two chains, finally getting the back door open and springing into:
177) 0) text: They run about ten yards before realizing the alley is a  dead end. Sean and Rennie start to head back the other  way when JASON MOWS OUT FROM THE DINER DOOR. Their vision scatters everywhere in search of a retreat...
178) 0) text: as they descend into hell...a massive chamber consisting  of tall columns, slimy catacombs and three feet of  stagnant water. Their alternatives are nil; Sean and  Rennie join hands, wading through the swill, splashing  deeper into the labyrinth.
179) 0) text: An oval tunnel slanted downward into pitch blackness.  Dim overhead lights illuminate salt deposits and eery  rust formations. Rennie and Sean appear at the far end,  wading from the sewage as the tunnel rises toward us.
179) 6) dialog: Can you help us get out??
179) 8) dialog: What do you mean?
180) 6) dialog: Run, Rennie... She's struck with indecisive shock, looking into Tunnel  #3, seeing:
181) 0) text: as Rennie dashes up to the HUGHES CHEMICAL DRUM Sean  tripped over, using the back end of the flashlight to  crush in the can's rusted lid. The metal is flimsy but  still resists her blows. She frantically hammers harder.
183) 6) text: as Rennie skirts past the blinded creature: WHIP PAN WITH HER as she turns down Tunnel #2, heading back toward  Sean. CONTINUE TO QUICKLY PAN AROUND until we've come  around 360 degrees and are back on JASON, in no way  ready to give up. He staggers after Rennie.
184) 0) text: as Rennie skids up to Sean, still dazed. She grabs him,  shaking hard.
184) 9) text: Climb!!! She shoves him up it from below, Sean summoning  everything he's got to obey her. Rennie shoots a stare  back down the tunnel...
191) 0) text: Rennie and Sean stagger out from a side street, holding  each other up...relief etched in their matured faces.
191) 1) dialog: I hear there's a statue here that's 22  stories tall. Rennie would smile if she could. She kisses his cheek.  They amble on.
191) 6) text: as Sean bends down too, ruffling the dog's fur, standing  again with Rennie. The three survivors enter the collage  of pedestrians, bright lights and skyscrapers.  It is finally over.