31) 0) text: as J.J., a female rocker in the vein of band "Vixen,"  continues to wail on her guitar. She's wearing a black  leather corset, with wildly teased deep red hair. Holding the camcorder is WAYNE WEBBER, MTV-acclimated, wearing  the latest hip prescription glasses.
31) 1) dialog: Too cool, J.J. Your parents came  through. She pops out the guitar cable from her practice amp.
31) 3) dialog: Sure...but I gotta shoot some  shockumentary footage first. He avoids eye contact when he says it. She gives him a  look.
31) 6) dialog: She's sexy.
31) 8) dialog: I'll catch you later.
32) 0) dialog: as he walks onward. DROP DOWN to find his FEET as he  passes a DARK ALCOVE...which happens to have SLIMY  FOOTPRINTS AND SEAWEED leading into it. Camera FOLLOWS  the footprints, RISING again and with dim recognition,  our eyes fall on JASON. Lurking in the shadows. But not  for long.
42) 0) text: as McCulloch steps from Rennie's room, looking very  worried. Wayne Webber passes by, his eye stuck in his  viewfinder. McCulloch yanks the camcorder away from his  face.
42) 2) dialog: Yeah, motivating downstairs, I think.  What's the problem, Mr. McCulloch?
42) 4) dialog: Some of us don't want our futures  predicted.
52) 2) dialog: who casually lowers his camcorder.
52) 5) dialog: Oh yeah. She quickly slips on her robe again, all business.  McCulloch realizes what has just transpired.
52) 8) text: You're both going to be very, very  sorry. He storms off. Wayne looks very, very nervous. Tamara  steps over to him, cuddling up.
52) 10) text: Can I have the tape? He pops the eject button, absently handing it over. Wayne steps into her room, nervous and excited to be there. He  lifts the glass of champagne she poured for McCulloch.
52) 11) dialog: This is going to sound supremely  lame...but I've had the major hots for  you since our sophomore year, Tamara. He gulps down the fizz. She forces a smile, stashing the  incriminating videotape.
52) 14) dialog: But I thought...
52) 16) dialog: Wayne, you're an asshole. He despondently exits.
63) 2) text: What I mean is, this is an  emergency... Miles knows he can't be joking around. Wayne comes  walking by, covering his camcorder with his jacket.
63) 3) dialog: Miles -- have you seen J.J.? She was  supposed to be jamming down in the  power room but... Miles gestures for him to be quiet, listening very  worriedly.
66) 16) dialog: Jesus Christ... He's too scared to even videotape it. Sean is bombarded  with questions as he tries to figure out the radio.
66) 18) dialog: Is the radio even working??
74) 0) text: as Julius and his followers continue on, passing Eva,  who's coming up from a staircase. She stops Wayne.
74) 2) dialog: (interrupting)
74) 6) dialog: No. And I'm not losing any sleep over  it.
74) 8) dialog: So what else is new? (beat)
74) 11) dialog: I'm sorry, but I've gotta find J.J. He hurries on.
84) 0) text: where Julius has gathered his small group of vigilantes,  including Miles and Wayne.
84) 2) dialog: What are you taking, Julius?
84) 5) dialog: (dead serious)
87) 0) text: Steam continues to seep from the maze of criss-crossing  pipes. Wayne appears on one of the catwalks. He's holding the skeet rifle under one arm, using the sun gun off his  video camera to guide him.
87) 1) dialog: J.J. -- you down here?
87) 2) text: as Wayne carefully lets his light guide him down the  precarious walkway. An unexpected blast of steam scares  the crap out of him, causing him to stumble.
87) 4) dialog: lies helplessly on the metal grid work, realizing his  bleak predicament has just been squared. He pulls himself to a standing position again.
87) 5) dialog: We got a major problem, Wayne.
87) 8) dialog: takes another step, almost tripping on a set of stairs  leading down to the next level. And when he arrives  there...
87) 12) dialog: instantly raises the rifle and FIRES...
87) 14) dialog: stands there, breathing some relief. He gets an idea,  looking through his camcorder eyepiece. Wayne begins to  adjust the eyepiece diaptor. WAYNE'S POINT OF VIEW (B &amp; W/VIEWFINDER MATTE) as the figure on the ground slips in and out of focus,  finally becoming crisp. WAYNE HAS SHOT A CREW MEMBER --  the same good looking one Tamara and Eva ogled earlier.  He's holding a screwdriver from his waist band tool set,  not a knife.
87) 15) dialog: slowly lowers his camera as his heart rises into his  throat.
87) 16) dialog: No... He raises his camcorder again, hoping a second view will  reveal a dead Jason rather than this young man. WAYNE'S POINT OF VIEW (B &amp; W/VIEWFINDER MATTE) He gets half his wish: a HOCKEY MASK NOW FILLS HIS  FRAME...but Jason is far from dead. Wayne catches a split second glimpse of Jason's fist coming towards him, then  the camera is KNOCKED FROM HIS EYE AND THE WORLD BECOMES  DARK AND BLURRY.
87) 17) dialog: screams, blindly running as fast as he can. He trips,  picking himself up, stumbling down the catwalk stairs.  Wayne makes it about ten feet before he stumbles over  something, bringing with it a harsh strum from an  ELECTRIC GUITAR.
87) 20) dialog: No no no...
87) 21) text: Wayne's hands are touching J.J.'S BLOODY FACE, A LARGE  CRACK IN HER SKULL. He doesn't have time to scream or cry because
87) 23) text: which shorts out with a fanfare of ELECTRICAL SPARKS  AND FIRE, INSTANTLY FRYING WAYNE.
90) 3) text: as the shrieking alarm assaults the main deck, hallways  and corridors, giving Julius, Miles and Wayne deep  pause for thought.