9) 0) text: The rear license plate folds down, revealing a ROCKET ENG Flames spew as he jams down the accelerator. Sterling is pushed back into his seat by the G-forces. SPARKS fly from the rims as he skips across the pavement ever increasing speed. Anders FIRES with his gun, but Sterling is getting away! But then KIRILL steps around the corner. He's academic  looking, a CHAIN SMOKING intellectual with COKE-BOTTLE  GLASSES. He's also a highly proficient and cold-blooded  SNIPER. Kirill puts his lit cigarette behind his ear and unslings SURFACE-TO-AIR MISSILE LAUNCHER from his shoulder. The Aston-Martin reaches the riverbank and goes AIRBORNE. ROCKETS through the air towards the party barge. We see the car REFLECTED in Kirill's glasses as he AIMS. On a little SCREEN we see the missile launcher HOME IN on the HEAT SOURCE of the jet engine. The missile locks-in and FIRES... HEATSEEKER P.O.V. - we see a GREEN CAR with all its hot s GLOWING RED. Camera ROARS towards the flying car.
11) 0) text: WHOOMPH! The Aston-Martin EXPLODES in mid-air. Partygoers shriek as the AXLE and FLAMING RIMS rain down the deck. Kirill takes the cigarette from his ear, PUFFS IT. Finally, Sterling's flaming BOW TIE flutters down and lan on a LEAPING SALMON ICE-SCULPTURE above a tantalizing SEA BUFFET.
35) 13) text: We see Kirill in UNIFORM with his well used SNIPER RIFLE.
41) 3) text: Slovo points them out in the far corner. They're surround by straight faced BODYGUARDS. What ANARCHY 99 is doing in their booth with the STRIPPER looks like Led Zeppelin on tour. Booze, broads, good time These guys are living like rock stars. They're all here: Anders the biker, Viktor, Kirill. In th middle sit Yorgi and Petra. Petra's wearing an "I AM EVIL Tshirt.
48) 2) text: Sitting in an OFFICE watching are Yorgi, Kirill and Petra Petra has a LAPTOP.
48) 7) text: Outside the Ivans nod approval and Xander heads to the of Yorgi looks to kirill, who puts his hand on his PISTOL. Xander opens the door.
48) 13) text: He nods for Kirill to stand down. OUTSIDE - the two transport trucks are driven off by the  Ivans. As they pull out they reveal ANOTHER CAR under a C
48) 24) text: Slovo snaps a few pictures but his view is obscured. To g a better vantage, he JUMPS DOWN onto a lower part of the  roof. CRUNCH! His foot BREAKS THROUGH THE SHABBY ROOF TILE. Down below, Kirill hears the noise.
48) 25) dialog: Yorgi!
48) 28) text: Yorgi turns to Xander, goes for his pistol. Thinking fast, Xander does the same. They draw simultaneously and hold the guns to each other' heads as they sit in the car. Petra, Kirill and Anders dr as well, all of them covering Xander.
52) 41) text: Yorgi and Xander head outside. A moment later, Kirill hur out another door.
53) 8) text: The camera suddenly ZOOMS across the city, flying over st and houses until, half a mile away, it finds Kirill in a  window with his SNIPER RIFLE. P.O.V. THROUGH SCOPE - Xander's head is in the crosshairs The scope pans over to Yorgi, who looks INTO CAMERA and g a small signal, calling off the hit.
53) 11) text: They stroll off and Kirill stands down.
62) 4) text: She heads out. Yorgi goes to the bathroom, splashes water his face. Kirill enters, still half asleep.
62) 5) dialog: What's the problem?
62) 7) text: Kirill studies the screen while Yorgi pulls on clothes.
62) 8) dialog: What?
62) 10) text: Kirill looks back at the screen. Nothing there.
64) 0) text: Yorgi creeps down the hall, Kirill in tow. They both scre SILENCERS onto their PISTOLS. They flatten themselves up against the wall and prepare t burst into Xander's room. One... Two... THREE! They kick in the door and aim their guns around. Flak Jacket sits up, terrified. Yorgi and Kirill lower their guns. Viktor stumbles by in underwear.
65) 21) dialog: (on phone) Listen very carefully, Petra. We  think Cage may be an American agent,  do you understand what I'm telling  you?
65) 23) dialog: (on phone) Don't worry, I've got your back. I'm  right across the street, above the  bakery. Just bring him outside and  let me do the rest.
65) 24) text: Kirill hangs up. She looks back at Xander, shell shocked.
66) 0) text: Kirill lays on his stomach, peering into the scope of his SILENCED SNIPER RIFLE. P.O.V. Through scope - he can faintly see them inside the crowded restaurant. Xander and Petra are making their way towards the exit.
66) 1) dialog: Nice and easy, Petra...
68) 0) text: Xander's timed it perfectly so that just as they get to t door, a BUS passes by. Kirill keeps focused, waiting for the bus to pass. P.O.V. THROUGH SCOPE - Xander's head is sporadically visi through the bus windows. Kirill's finger tightens on the trigger... As soon as the bus passes he FIRES! But Xander's not there, he's ducked down to tie his shoe. CRASH! The glass door behind him shatters. Feigning surpr Xander PUNCHES PETRA IN THE FACE and sprints down the blo He runs bent low, the parked cars protecting him from the sniper. Kirill fires anyway, taking out car windows. At the end of the block is a long staircase with a METAL  RAIL down the middle. As he runs by an outdoor restaurant Xander snatches the  SERVING TRAY from a startled WAITER, sending food and dri flying. He hops on the serving tray like it's a skateboard and do a RAIL-SLIDE down the length of the stairs. He's moving t fast for Kirill. He jumps off at the bottom and the tray POPS UP INTO THE  AIR. Kirill BLASTS it like a clay pigeon. By now Xander is out of sight. Kirill pounds his rifle in frustration. Petra gets to the top of the stairs. She gives Kirill a " did he go?" look. Her nose is bloody, helping to sell her performance. Then she turns and looks off after Xander. She sees his G speeding away.
71) 2) text: There is a SMALLER BOAT moored to the back of the ship. Kirill and Viktor hop onto it's deck. They start to WHIST as they work. Sounds like the "Andy Griffith" theme. XANDER'S BINOCULARS P.O.V. He takes DIGITAL PHOTOS of the Ahab device.
71) 5) dialog: Ready.
90) 2) text: Viktor laughs and joins in. Then Kirill looks down and SPOTS THE ROACH CAM. He STOMPS it with his boot.
91) 2) text: He looks down into the room, sees Kirill bending down to  examine the roach. Time to go.
92) 0) text: Kirill lifts the dead "roach" and sees its wires.
92) 1) dialog: There's some bullshit going on!
95) 0) text: He runs into a darkened dining hall, sprints across only find the opposite door locked. He hides behind one of the many COLUMNS as his pursuers enter the room. Kirill gives a thumbs up and puts on a pair of NIGHT VISI GOGGLES. He scans the big room but sees nothing. Xander, hidden at the opposite end, waits breathlessly. Kirill advances slowly, his buddies covering him from the door.
95) 6) text: He pulls out his gun as Kirill creeps ever closer. Against the far wall Xander spots a FIRE EXTINGUISHER.
95) 8) text: Kirill is almost on top of him. Xander sights up and FIRES. The fire extinguisher EXPLODES, blinding Kirill. Xander makes a run for it. Everyone FIRES WILDLY (except for Petra), bullets tearing tapestries off the walls. Xander dives and crashes through the window.
108) 0) text: Petra sits at a desk working on a LAPTOP. Yorgi enters wi Xander and Kirill.
108) 4) text: Kirill aims his gun at Petra.
110) 0) text: Kirill looks down at the carnage below. Xander takes adva of the distraction and charges at Yorgi. Yorgi goes to shoot but his hand won't work. There's a HU SHARD OF GLASS sticking through his forearm. By the time he pulls it out, Xander is on top of him. He  body checks Yorgi, sending him flying over a desk. Kirill spins and starts FIRING. Xander ducks for cover.
112) 0) text: The Police whip through the building like lightening, mow down everyone in their path. One Czech Secret Policeman is wounded and the others reta with a volley of RPG's that evaporates a pocket of resist In the main room upstairs, Kirill is blasting away. Yorgi starts rounding up the computer gear.
112) 2) text: Before Kirill can do so, Cops burst into the room, sprayi bullets everywhere. Xander and Petra are pinned down, but Yorgi and Kirill ma to make a fast exit out another door.
114) 0) text: The Ahab device is in the back of a flatbed TRUCK. Yorgi Kirill start up the truck and jam it into gear.
119) 5) text: Kirill loads his sniper rifle and climbs out of the cab. lays down, resting the rifle on the Ahab container. As the GTO comes into view, he sights up and FIRES, WHACK The first shot goes clean through the windshield and blow the headrest off Xander's seat.
119) 11) text: Kirill laughs and takes aim once again. He puts Petra in sights. Xander jerks the steering wheel and BLAM! the shot goes w The GTO veers onto a dirt road that cuts down the mountai Xander fights for control as they slide around the turns. The road flattens out and they can see the Industrial Com up ahead. They cut across a field, heading right for it.
121) 8) text: At the riverbank Yorgi and Kirill pull Ahab off the truck and prepare for launching. They remove it from it's box and carry it waist deep into the water. Yorgi opens a panel and works feverishly on Ah insides.
121) 10) text: Kirill grabs his sniper rifle and heads off. He climbs up to a second story window of a wooden buildin on a WHARF. From here he can shoot and NOT BE SEEN. He ta his LIT CIGARETTE and tucks it behind his ear. When the GTO rounds the corner he FIRES. The bullet goes through the window and SLAMS into the ste column. Xander jams it into reverse. They retreat behind a buildi Petra clutches her arm, wounded.
121) 14) text: Kirill chambers another bullet and waits for them to make their second approach. The GTO comes roaring out, spinnin in circles wildly. Xander's is just doing donuts as fast he can. Kirill aims, but with all the dust being kicked up he doe have much of a target.
121) 15) dialog: What are you doing!
121) 16) text: He doesn't notice Petra pop up from behind a fence with a HEAT SEEKING MISSILE LAUNCHER. ANGLE ON - the missile launcher's COMPUTER SCREEN. The gr display shows a faint red glow in the upstairs window. It the GLOWING POINT of Kirill's lit cigarette. The Launcher BEEPS as it locks in and she FIRES. Kirill looks up to see the missile blazing down the wharf him. He gets it immediately. In a panic he fumbles for the  cigarette... Too late. The missile zeroes in on his head. WHOOOSH! The entire wooden shack blows apart. Xander walks up to Petra.