19) 0) text: This fancy office is empty for the night. The STAIRWELL D opens and a PLATOON of SECURITY GUARDS rushes in. They ta Up position in front of the elevator doors armed with BIL CLUBS and TASERS. DING! The elevator arrives and the door swings open. But  there's NOBODY INSIDE. One Guard steps forward and suddenly a bicycle SWINGS DOW from the ceiling, TAGGING HIM IN THE FACE. He falls back, TASERING another Guard. Jacket Man drops down onto his bike and pedals through th chaos before the Guards know what hit them. There's a CUR PIECE OF ART in the room, some kind of modern art statue. Jacket Man rides up the artwork like a ramp and does a  TABLETOP AERIAL over a DIVIDER. He hits the ground pedall the Guards hot after him. Jacket Man enters a HUGE OPEN ROOM with a FIELD OF CUBICL in the middle. He bunny hops onto a desk and SLIDES TO A  STOP. He tosses back his hood and we get a good look at h for the first time. He is XANDER CAGE. He's got a shaved head, bizarre TATTOO all over his body and multiple PIERCINGS. He's lean and  heavily cut, even dangerous looking. The Guards charge at him and he HOPS up onto the top of t CUBICLE WALL. This thing is maybe FOUR INCHES WIDE and FI FEET TALL. He pedals across the top of the cubicle wall, the Guards  scrambling after him. Xander bunny hops over one guy's head onto the next set o cubicles and pedals hard. The Guards fall all over themse trying to catch him. At the other end Xander catches air and lands on a CONFER TABLE. He does a WHEELIE across it's length with Guards  closing in. Xander springs up and does a TAIL WHIP, knocking them bac with his rear wheel. He lands and pedals to the stairwell untouched.
20) 0) text: Xander bursts out of the stairwell to the top of the TALL BUILDING IN DOWNTOWN LA. He climbs on a RAISED PLATFORM. From here he can drop down onto another level that is str with SATELLITE DISHES and MICROWAVE RELAYS. Guards rush onto the roof and try to corral him. Xander tears off his jacket, revealing a BACKPACK on his  back and VIDEO CAMERA on his chest. He pulls out a ROAD F and SPARKS IT. We see there are SOAKED RAGS tied to his  SPOKES. He LIGHTS THEM with the flare. Then he TOSSES THE FLARE o the building.
22) 0) text: Xander races around the roof like a trapped animal. He ev Security Guards, picking up speed. With Guards right behind, he drops off the TOP PLATFORM a lands on a massive SATELLITE DISH. Using the dish as a ramp, Xander LAUNCHES himself OFF THE TOP OF THE BUILDING. We're talking 90 some stories here. He spins through the air, his bike on fire. He's doing en over end backflips. One... Two... Three... Four... He's looping through space on his bike, a crazy man on a  flaming bike against a backdrop of sleek skyscrapers and  night lights. The stunt is covered by the various Accomplices and Xande own chest camera, in SUPER 8 and DIGITAL VIDEO, from four different angles. Xander ditches the bike, kicking it away from him and plu towards the ground. At the last moment he throws out a "bucket" and his PARAC OPENS.
23) 0) text: The bicycle comes flying down and SMASHES into the paveme It bounces a full TWO STORIES back up before coming to re Xander glides down and makes his landing. Accomplices #4 #5 rush out to help him gather up his chute and jump in t van. SIRENS APPROACH as the van makes it's escape. As COP CARS screech up to the skyscraper, one of them RUN OVER the smoking wreckage of the bike.
24) 0) text: Xander, now on a MOTORCYCLE, zips through traffic. He's  smiling, leaning it way over on the turns. He's got anoth BACKPACK on his back.
25) 0) text: Xander drives his motorcycle into the garage of his build
26) 0) text: A FREIGHT ELEVATOR rises up, bringing Xander and his  motorcycle into the loft. There are EXTREME SPORTS ACTION POSTERS on the walls,  MOTORCYCLE PARTS and BARBELLS on the floor, and everywher there's EXTREME SPORTS EQUIPMENT of every description.
26) 1) dialog: Sky, you there? Start packin' cause  we are out of here!
26) 2) text: There's a NEATLY FOLDED FLAG hanging in a slightly crooke FRAME on the wall. Xander straightens it as he goes by. He hears her in the sectioned off "bedroom" and heads bac there.
26) 3) dialog: Did I promise you a fat vacation or  what? Get ready to get down in  paradise.
26) 5) dialog: Hey, you don't need all this just to  go on vacation. Unless this ain't  for going on vacation...
26) 7) dialog: I can see that. Why?
26) 9) dialog: I'm having fun, what's the problem?
26) 11) dialog: I don't wanna go mersh, you know  that. But hey, if this is about  money...
26) 13) dialog: I got an advance on the next bootleg.  Let's get out of here, just you and  me. We'll chill out in Bora Bora for  a couple months.
26) 16) dialog: Alright, so I'll get more.
26) 18) dialog: Well if you're bailing, I guess I'd  better give you your surprise now.
26) 21) dialog: I was gonna wait till the islands,  but...
26) 23) dialog: Of course I'm serious. I bought it,  didn't I?
26) 25) dialog: I don't know. I thought this is what  you wanted. You want stability, here  it is.
26) 27) dialog: You're not exactly "going anywhere"  yourself.
26) 29) text: She heads towards the front door. Just then the door BLOWS IN. CRASH! -- the windows SMASH IN too. Then the LIGHTS GO OU as STORMTROOPERS in black body armor rush in, weapons dra It's a blur of FLASHLIGHTS, PISTOLS and JACK BOOTS. It's  scary as hell. A professional take-down. They slam Xander against the wall. Just like that it's quiet again. Sky hyperventilates, a g in her face.
26) 30) dialog: She had nothing to do with the tower  jump. She's nobody. I just met her  last night. Tell them. (with meaning) I hardly know you.
26) 31) text: The Stormtrooper looks at Sky. She nods. The Stormtrooper take their guns off her. Sky grabs up here stuff. She looks back at Xander.
26) 34) dialog: God, I hate cops. What's the charges  this time?
26) 35) text: The Stormtrooper pulls out a DART GUN and SHOOTS Xander. pulls a CHROME DART from his chest, examines it.
26) 36) dialog: (groggy) You... pussies...
26) 37) text: Xander slides to the floor. FADE TO BLACK.
26) 38) text: A SIDEWAYS IMAGE: an out of focus COFFEE CREAMER. Xander wakes up with his head on the counter of a DINER. shakes out the cobwebs.
26) 39) dialog: What the hell?
26) 40) text: WHIP PAN as a WAITRESS walks by. Xander blinks.
26) 41) dialog: Hey. Where am I? How did I get here?
26) 43) text: Xander looks around, sees a TRUCKER chewing with his mout open. A SALESMAN buried in his NEWSPAPER. Xander gets up. Where the hell is he? He takes a step tow the door.
26) 45) dialog: Huh?
26) 47) dialog: You alright?
26) 49) dialog: Yeah, sure.
26) 50) text: Xander sits. When he swigs his coffee, he notices somethi written on his napkin in shaky ballpoint: "S.O.S." What the hell? He looks at the Trucker. The Trucker's sta at the waitress. QUICK PUSH TO: The Trucker has a BULGE  underneath his vest... then PUSH TO: The Salesman's eyes  darting about suspiciously, newspaper pulled up to his no Something is going down... He hears a SLOWED DOWN VOICE and glances back at the Truc who's now fixing him with a DEATH STARE. Xander snaps fro his reverie.
26) 51) dialog: What?
26) 53) dialog: Problem? No, no problem. You go right  ahead.
26) 55) dialog: Whatever, dude.
26) 60) text: Xander stays strangely calm, his senses now fully focused
26) 61) dialog: (shrugs) Alright, "Buck", whatever you say.
26) 64) text: She goes to open the register and knocks a tray of glasse on the floor. Xander springs into action. He CHOPS down on the Trucker's arm and ELBOWS him in the  face. Xander twists the gun out of his hand and kicks his legs from under him. The Salesman pumps on his shotgun, but it seems to be jam
26) 65) dialog: Better shoot me quick.
26) 66) text: The Salesman fights with his gun but can't get it to work Xander advances on him.
26) 67) dialog: Too late!
26) 68) text: He unleashes with a series of rapid front kicks to the ja The Salesman goes crashing through the kitchen doors. Xander turns to the terrified Waitress.
26) 69) dialog: Alright, bitch, what's going on?
26) 71) dialog: Talk! What's the game? Who are you  people?
26) 73) dialog: Who the hell are you?
26) 75) dialog: What is this place?
26) 77) dialog: Diner, huh? Let me tell you what the  problem is. I wake up drugged to  find what? You've got a "salesman"  over here reading a three week old  newspaper. He's pulling a 211 with a  "trucker", who happens to be packing  a cop issue H&amp;K 9mm. I get tipped  that something is going down when  she passes me a note. How's that for  twisted logic? How did she know there  was trouble unless they pulled the  guns before I "walked" in? And if  that's true, why'd they stop and  wait until I woke up to gaffle the  money? Then I notice how beefy they  both are. Hell, even the waitress is  cut. All three of them look like  they went through the same training  program. Ergo they ain't strangers  and this isn't what it seems. That's  how I knew yo-yo wouldn't get a round  off even if I gave him all day. Why?
26) 79) dialog: Cuz there's nothing but blanks in  these guns. And no offense, but their  performances were terrible.
26) 80) text: Xander tosses the gun on the counter. Gibbons gives a sly smile.
26) 82) text: Gibbons sits in a booth. Xander sits across from him. In background the Waitress helps the Trucker and Salesman up
26) 84) dialog: That shows me already that you don't  have a clue. What's it to you, anyway?
26) 86) dialog: Good for you. Now why don't you stop  wasting my time and tell me what you  want. You didn't go through all this  for my benefit.
26) 88) dialog: A Fed, I shoulda known. Who else  would have this kind of budget? Now  you're gonna hit me with the sales  pitch.
26) 90) dialog: ..If you're trolling around for narcs,  man, have you got the wrong guy.
26) 92) dialog: Look at me, dude, do I look like a  fan of law enforcement? Forget the  tests, you shoulda just asked me. I  woulda saved you a lot of trouble.
26) 94) dialog: Are we done now? You've got nothing  on me. So if you ain't booking me,  I'm walking.
26) 96) dialog: Is that a fact?
26) 98) dialog: (smiles) You know what I hate? Any scumbag  with a clean shirt and a bad haircut  can get one of those tin stars and  suddenly they think they're God.
26) 100) text: There's a POP and Xander clutches his stomach. Gibbons to his DART GUN onto the table. Xander blinks at him. He pulls another CHROME DART from his gut and examines it
26) 101) dialog: You bastards love to see me sleep.
27) 0) text: Xander's on the floor of a military aircraft. TWO OTHER T GUYS are waking up next to him. One's a greaser named VIR the other is T.J., ex-Navy. Xander notices as they each pull out CHROME DARTS. They s up, looking at each other. Xander chuckles.
27) 2) dialog: Been to any good diners lately?
27) 6) dialog: Nobody told me this was a costume  party.
27) 11) dialog: A parachute. This does not argue  well.
27) 12) text: Then the red light switches to GREEN. One of the Soldiers opens the JUMP DOOR. The rest of the  team advances on Xander, Virg and T.J.
27) 14) text: They drag Virg to the door and THROW HIM OUT. T.J. goes n kicking and fighting. Then they turn on Xander.
27) 15) dialog: I get the picture.
27) 16) text: Xander jumps out on his own. We see him tumbling away from the airplane. Far below his chute BLOSSOMS OPEN.
28) 0) text: We see three chutes coming down. The first two HIT HARD. We ROCKET IN on the last chute as Xander lands like a pro The other guys run up to him. Then they hear SHOUTING in  SPANISH.
28) 3) dialog: Don't look at me, brother. It's every  man for himself.
28) 4) text: They wrestle out of their chutes and push past each other they TAKE OFF IN DIFFERENT DIRECTIONS. Xander runs low down a culvert. There's SHOUTING all arou He flattens down and crawls up over the rise. What he see stuns him.
28) 5) dialog: You gotta be kidding me.
28) 6) text: We crane up to reveal A FIELD OF POT PLANTS. There's a CO PROCESSING PLANT along the field's edge. The whole place  looks exactly like a Central American DRUG FARM. NARCO TERRORISTS run around with AK-47's. Xander sneaks past EQUIPMENT covered in CAMOUFLAGE NETTIN A squad of Narcos runs by and Xander makes his move. He rounds another pile of equipment and comes right into HEADLIGHTS of a truck. Narcos hop out and charge forward. Xander raises his hands.
28) 7) dialog: You boys are too good for me. Guess  I failed this one, huh?
29) 0) text: We see a RUSTY MEAT HOOK. A CHAIN is wrapped around it. Attached to the chain, his arms over his head, is Xander. He's in the middle of a bleak looking room. There are  BLOODSTAINS on the wooden walls, the floor strewn with fi HAY. Behind him against the wall Xander sees T.J. and Virg bot HOG-TIED.
29) 1) dialog: So much for "every man for himself".  Nice to see you again, fellas.
29) 5) dialog: This oughta be good.
29) 7) dialog: This must be el jefe. How's it goin'  jefe? Some weather we're havin'.
29) 9) dialog: What's on the menu tonight? The old  blowtorch-to-the-family jewels  routine, I'll bet. Hey, you want  roasted nuts, let's break out the  Planters.
29) 14) text: He stops in front of Xander.
29) 16) dialog: Oh, I don't know. It was an accident.
29) 18) text: He BACKHANDS Xander across the face.
29) 20) dialog: We're anti-social. We don't have any  friends.
29) 23) text: Xander looks over at T.J. and Virg.
29) 24) dialog: Who's writing this dude's dialogue?
29) 28) dialog: We're on to the game, ese. You got  the fake blood splattered all over  the walls, you got your torture  tools... It's all very cute. But  come on, let's quit while you're  ahead. I'm only trying to save you a  beatin'.
29) 30) dialog: (shrugs) Alright. You wanna eat through a  tube, be my guest.
29) 34) text: Jefe goes into a fury. He SWINGS his machete at Xander's  legs. Xander JUMPS UP, grabbing on to the chain above, and KICK Jefe in the chest. Jefe falls back and Xander climbs up to the roof BEAM. He grabs onto the beam with his legs and UNHOOKS his chai from the meat hook. He drops down, six feet of chain still hanging from his c wrists, and Jefe comes charging at him. Xander dodges a few wild swings. He grabs Jefe's PANT CUFF and dumps him on his ass. Jefe scrambles to his feet, drawing his PISTOL. Xander swings his chain and WHIPS the gun out of Jefe's h With another swing he WRAPS the chain around Jefe's neck pulls it taught.
29) 35) dialog: Keys. You got 'em?
29) 37) dialog: Hand 'em to me.
29) 39) dialog: I hope you're getting paid extra for  this.
29) 40) text: Xander jerks the chain, slamming Jefe head first into the wall. Jefe drops, knocked out. Outside it sounds like a full scale FIREFIGHT. Xander get the machete and CUTS the ropes holding T.J. and Virg. Then a HAIL OF BULLETS sprays through the room. All three guys hit the deck but T.J. gets shot. He clutch his side, BLOOD all over his hands.
29) 43) text: Xander knows this is true.
29) 44) dialog: Aw shit.
29) 46) dialog: Help me with this guy.
29) 49) dialog: That only works if you're a man!
30) 0) text: Narcos are shouting, running to and fro. TRACER ROUNDS cut through the air. They are trying to rep an UNSEEN ASSAULT FORCE. Overhead SIX MILITARY HELICOPTERS buzz the compound like  Apocalypse Now, their NIGHT SUNS lighting up the place. Xander comes out of the torture building holding T.J. in fireman's carry. His hands are still CUFFED, the length o chain dragging. Xander crouches behind some equipment, putting T.J. on th ground.
30) 1) dialog: You alright?
30) 3) dialog: Keep your head down, I'll be right  back. I'm gonna steal us some wheels.
30) 4) text: Xander moves on, finds cover under the camouflage netting He can see Narcos shooting into the trees at the UNSEEN E Looking the other way, he spots Virg running back his way He's been corralled by one of the Helicopters. He's zigzagging, trying to stay out of the beam of it's N Sun. Xander darts out and GRABS him, pulling him under the  camouflage netting.
30) 6) dialog: Looks like we're in the middle of  the drug war.
30) 8) dialog: Alright Mr. free-for-all, you go  that way, I'm gonna go this way.  They can't follow us both.
30) 10) dialog: Go!
30) 11) text: They jet off in opposite directions. Xander books, running for all he's worth. His cuffed hand and the dangling chain make it difficult. He's heading straight into the FIELD OF POT PLANTS. Suddenly the massive SPOTLIGHT picks him out.
30) 12) dialog: Shit!
30) 13) text: The CHOPPER swoops down after him. Its big GATLING GUNS turn, aiming right at him. BRAAAAAAAAPPP! The guns cut loose, tearing up the ground  right behind him. Xander sprints, the chopper after him like Cary Grant in  "North By Northwest", except instead of corn fields, Xand running through a field of HUGE MARIJUANA PLANTS. Xander hits the deck and the chopper soars over him. Xander cuts over a couple rows and hunkers down amongst t plants. All around him it's a chaos of Helicopters and GUNFIRE. Two choppers attack the factory building, BLASTING it wit their guns. Narcos run terrified. Xander notices a FAT PURPLE BUD on the plant right in fro of him. He SNAPS IT OFF.
30) 14) dialog: I'm gonna need to hit the trees after  a night like this.
30) 15) text: He tucks it-into his shirt and takes off through the POT  FOREST. Xander finally spots a vehicle. It's a TRUCK LADEN WITH B OF COCAINE. He heads for it. Then the SPOTLIGHT finds him again and the Chopper swings around. The gatling guns RIP the plants to pieces all aro him. Xander hauls ass, heading for the truck. Bullets chew up the dirt all around him. As the helicopter passes overhead, it's guns RAKE THE TRU There is a FLASH as the GAS TANK goes up. WHOOOOPPHH! A SUPERNOVA OF FIRE AND HIGH-GRADE COKE erupt into the night air. Xander dives into a DRAINAGE DITCH. He tumbles down into  FILTHY WATER. A powdery cloud washes over him, dusting the trees white. Near him is a big DRAINPIPE leeching sewage. Xander crawl inside. The Chopper makes another pass overhead. The big spotlight plays over the area, then moves on. Xander gives a sigh of relief. He crawls out of the drain JEEPS race by on the road right above him as MILITARY MEN flood the compound. There's no going back. Xander turns and makes his way along the tree line. The chopper and gunfire are in the distance now. Things a quieter here and he starts to relax. Bad idea. As he goes by, one of the TREES moves. He takes a few more steps and the grass he just walked on EXPLODES UPWARDS. ARMS reach out, tackling Xander from be Another TEAM of BLACK OPS SOLDIERS bursts from the weeds, the bushes, all perfectly camouflaged like the landscape. They fall on him like a curtain. XANDER'S P.O.V. - Soldiers hold him down while a BLACK HO is pulled over his head. FADE TO BLACK.
31) 0) text: As the MASSIVE HANGER DOORS CLOSE we can see CHOPPERS tak off and landing. MEXICAN SOLDIERS load Jefe and his Narco onto a FEDERALE BUS. Virg resists and is BEATEN. T.J. can seen being loaded into an AMBULANCE. The hanger doors slide shut with a THUD. We see Xander's HANDS as the CHAINS are cut away. Xander sits in a chair with the BLACK HOOD still over his head. He blinks when the hood is torn off. A Black Ops So smirks as he walks away. Xander looks around, sees the Black Ops Team unpacking so STRANGE GEAR. Two of them are dumping bottles of a CLEAR  LIQUID into a RUSTY CLAWFOOT BATHTUB.
31) 1) dialog: Nice of you to draw me a bath. Is it  Saturday already?
31) 2) text: The Black Ops guys grin knowingly. On the other side, Xander sees a FLIGHT CREW readying a  GULFSTREAM for travel. Gibbons steps up from behind him.
31) 4) dialog: You're a cold piece of work. You  almost got three people killed out  there.
31) 6) text: Xander gets up and Gibbons leads him on a stroll around t
31) 8) dialog: You want the cheap backstory? The  runaway mom, the suicide dad and the  foster homes? Gimme a break. You're  not interested in my past, you're  interested in my future as some kind  of spy.
31) 10) dialog: I'm not interested. I've already got  a job.
31) 12) dialog: I plan on getting a lot older. And  playing spy games sounds like a quick  way to get yourself dead.
31) 14) text: As they walk by the Black Ops guys, Xander sees they're  getting busy. One spreads out a plastic DROPCLOTH. Anothe plugs in a BONE SAW.
31) 15) dialog: What's this? You're gonna try to  scare me now?
31) 21) dialog: Now I'm the one who's nauseous. So  what's the deal? What do you need me  for?
31) 23) dialog: What do I get out of it?
31) 25) dialog: You're one sick bastard. A sadist  with a badge looking to rope me in  to a suicide mission. I think no  matter which way I go I'm likely to  wind up face down on a sheet of  plastic. So here's my answer: kiss  my ass, Hop-along.
31) 26) text: Gibbons kicks the back of Xander's leg and dumps him on h ass. Gibbons was so quick, Xander never saw it coming. The Black Ops guys clap and cheer, always interested in a fight.
31) 27) dialog: Not bad for a gimp.
31) 29) text: Xander gets up.
31) 30) dialog: I'll take that under advisement.  Maybe I can be like you and lose a  leg for the old Stars and Bars. I  bet the flag's a great comfort every  time you need help climbing stairs.
31) 31) text: Gibbons lunges and grabs Xander's throat in the vice-like grip of his thumb and middle finger.
31) 33) text: The fingers are so powerful that Xander is paralysed. He  looks over, sees the bone saw start revving.
31) 34) dialog: (choking) No.
31) 37) text: Then Xander starts walking away.
31) 40) dialog: You tell me.
31) 41) text: Xander climbs up the steps of the Gulfstream.
31) 42) dialog: There better be a movie on this Goddam  flight.
32) 0) text: Xander sits with Gibbons in big leather chairs. They are  surrounded by NSA AGENTS in suits. A NERDY AGENT snaps an ANKLET around Xander's ankle.
32) 1) dialog: How about a pedicure as long as you're  down there. What's this? Lo-Jack?
32) 3) dialog: Yeah, I spy or I die.
33) 0) text: Orange light floods this beautiful airline lounge. There' fully stocked bar, a snack table, all unused. That's beca it's been sealed off for NSA use. (NOTE: perfect product  placement opportunity for an AIRLINE). Xander, Gibbons and his Men are all silhouetted against t smoked glass windows. The Nerdy Agent hands Xander a Palm Pilot sized ELECTRONI DEVICE.
33) 2) dialog: You must stay up late to come up  with shit like that.
33) 4) dialog: Fine, but I'm not gonna be no Bulldog  Omega 5.
34) 0) text: The phalanx of Agents surrounds Xander and Gibbons as the walk to the gate. The Nerdy Agent hurries to catch up.
34) 4) dialog: Up yours.
34) 6) text: Xander is the last one to board the plane.
34) 7) dialog: Is that all?
34) 10) dialog: I've got something for you to chew  on. Next time you send someone to  save the world, make sure they like  the planet the way it is.
35) 0) text: Xander is in the last row against the bulkhead. He's got personal DVD player and headphones and he's reviewing his mission. The high-tech screen shows photos, maps, cool  graphics. The KID sitting across the aisle leans over for a look.
35) 2) dialog: Slick graphics, huh? See these dudes?  They're called "Anarchy 99", they're  the bad guy bosses.
35) 4) dialog: You wanna check it out? Come here.
35) 5) text: The kid moves to the seat next to Xander. Onscreen see photos of the FIVE BAD GUYS from the opening sequence. We DIVE IN to the computer as Xander describes  them. For each of the baddies, we'll see 3-D PHOTOS and VIDEO C all enhanced with COMPUTER GRAPHICS and POP-UP MENUS.
35) 6) dialog: First we've got Anders, the psycho  looking biker. In charge of  transportation and smuggling. Controls  every trucking union in Eastern  Europe. Don't look too clean, either.
35) 8) dialog: Next we got a Siberian redneck,  Viktor. Into snowmobiles and  snowboarding. So naturally, he covers  prostitution and the drug trade.
35) 12) dialog: Kirill, the sniper. Looks like a  bookworm, but he had 72 confirmed  kills in Chechnya, they called him  the "Finger of God". Assassination  and weapons.
35) 16) dialog: You like her, huh? Petra. She runs  their finances, money laundering,  computers. Joined the gang after  spending some time as the girlfriend  of this dude, Yorgi Azar Zimin. Capo  of Anarchy 99.
35) 18) dialog: Yorgi masterminded the take-over of  three Red Mafiya clans. Cops called  it "blood week". He combined all of  their global enterprises into one  huge crime syndicate: Anarchy 99.
35) 20) dialog: What are you gonna do? They're Euro- trash.
35) 22) text: Xander clicks on "INVENTORY". He scrolls through a stagge array of WEAPONS and VEHICLES.
35) 23) dialog: Just about anything I want, it looks  like. This is gonna be tough, though.  There's no way to save this game. I  gotta get it right the first time  through.
35) 25) dialog: Nothing, really. My guy is just doing  it to stay alive.
35) 27) dialog: Like what?
35) 29) text: The Kid's mom calls him back to his seat. Xander looks at the kid, then gets back to his research.
37) 0) text: Xander sits in the back, wedged between TWO IDENTICAL LOO TOUGH GUYS. If you were to call Central Casting and ask f a couple of cold war spy types, this is what they'd send. They're both 6' 4", have sloppily cut hair, square jaws,  wrinkled overcoats.
37) 1) dialog: This is bullshit, man, I wanna see  some ID.
37) 2) text: The two tough guys flash their COP ID's. Xander studies t "IVAN PEDGRAG" and "IVAN PODROV".
37) 3) dialog: You're both named Ivan? That's gotta  be confusing on Valentine's Day. So  where we headed? Fellas, I said where  we headed? (beat) Yeah, whatever.
38) 0) text: It's a crumbling old dump in a nasty part of town. Xander shakes his head.
38) 1) dialog: James Bond never had to put up with  this shit.
38) 2) text: Ivan 1 pulls Xander's gear bag from the trunk and throws on the sidewalk. Xander picks it up and carries it into the building.
39) 0) text: Dumpy furniture, roaches, cracked windows. Xander is ushe in. There's another GUY in a UGLY SUIT waiting. He is  DETECTIVE MILAN SLOVO.
39) 2) dialog: I've been on a plane for twelve hours,  I think I'll stand.
39) 5) dialog: Here we go again.
39) 7) dialog: First of all, you should kill whoever  sold you that suit. Two, I don't  wanna be here either, so just step  off. Three, if you had the authority  to shoot me you would've done it by  now, so just ease up on the machismo,  bitch. Now that we've got that sorted  out, I'm gonna get some rest.
39) 8) text: Xander lays down on the bed. Slovo stares, burning with  hatred. He heads to the door.
39) 10) text: Slovo exits. Ivans 1 &amp; 2 stay, staring at Xander.
40) 0) text: A fancy, flashy disco with an extreme sports theme. A big bouncer in a leather coat works the door. This is a highc expensive joint but it still looks seedy and dangerous. Xander and Slovo walk up to the place. Xander's wearing a Tshirt that says "RON JEREMY: AMERICAN LEGEND" complete w a photo of the Hedgehog.
41) 0) text: A STRIPPER that looks like a runway model SLIDES across t stage on SKATEBOARD KNEE-PADS while PATRONS cheer. The di is a combination STRIP-CLUB and CONCERT VENUE. All the  STRIPPERS are outfitted in HELMETS, ELBOW PADS, G-STRINGS and BELLY SHIRTS. There's a WARPED TOUR BAND playing on a STAGE. On either  side of the stage are two MINI-HALF PIPES that the GIRLS cutting back and forth on. WEALTHY BUSINESSMEN sit in plush booths getting table dan while the dance floor is packed with sexily dressed YOUNG HIPSTERS. Xander gets a beer from a BUXOM COCKTAIL WAITRESS on IN-L SKATES.
41) 1) dialog: Nice hops.
41) 5) text: He looks around but Xander is gone. He heads for the exit pushing his way through the crowd. But then he spots him, not by the door but deeper in the club.
41) 7) text: He sees Xander walk right up to the Anarchy 99 booth and  start talking to them.
41) 9) text: Slovo can't hear a thing, but they're obviously intereste in what he has to say. Next thing he knows Xander is poin at him and waving him over.
41) 12) dialog: That's the guy.
41) 14) dialog: (to Slovo) Who you workin' for? What do you do  for a living, dickhead?
41) 16) text: Xander grabs Slovo and starts searching him.
41) 19) dialog: Look what we have here. Czech 5-0 on  the mack.
41) 22) dialog: He flashed his badge to half the bar  when he bought his drink.
41) 25) dialog: Thanks, but I'm here on business. I  heard you're the G around here. I'm  looking for some cars, expensive  ones. A lot of them.
41) 27) dialog: I'm talking about the sports cars  that disappear off the docks in Genoa  and wind up here. If you don't know  about 'em, who does?
41) 28) text: Yorgi nods and the Bodyguards step in front of Xander.
41) 29) dialog: I guess I heard wrong.
41) 30) text: Xander turns to leave. That's when Anders notices the "X" tattoo on the back of  Xander's head. He gets excited and alerts Yorgi.
41) 32) text: Xander turns. Suddenly their whole demeanor changes. All  five guys get up, awed, and push the Bodyguards out of th way.
41) 38) dialog: When else are you gonna do it?
41) 40) dialog: Cops arrested me while I was still  in surgery. Did two months.
41) 42) dialog: Ferrari's, Lamborghini's... high end  pasta rockets. Ten to start.
41) 46) dialog: I have Japanese buyers who are looking  to move a fleet, if you have the  quality of merchandise they're after.  And it's a mil two, max.
41) 49) dialog: Is she for real? Honey, maybe you  should quiet down and let the grownups  have a conversation.
41) 51) dialog: Sure. Just chisel some off your heart.
41) 53) text: Xander looks to Yorgi.
41) 55) dialog: It'll work faster if I have an account  number.
41) 58) text: Xander snatches the napkin.
41) 59) dialog: Wouldn't dream of it. I'm even gonna  throw in a few extra bucks to send  you to charm school.
41) 62) text: Yorgi claps and a flock of strippers descends on the boot Anarchy 99 lifts their glasses. Xander joins in the toast
41) 63) dialog: I believe I can hang with you fellas  for a while.
44) 0) text: Xander is having coffee at his window when his communicat RINGS.
44) 1) dialog: (into phone) I guess you got my E-mail. I set up  a purchase. Ten cars.
44) 4) dialog: Buddy, you sent me here to get close  to their organization, that costs  money.
44) 6) dialog: I'm already on a first name basis  with these dudes, I got a deal set  up, you want me to hammer it or not?
44) 8) dialog: What the hell am I after? You're  telling me dick.
44) 10) dialog: Call me crazy, but I thought hooking  up a million dollar deal was a great  way to get on their good side. What  else? You gonna hassle me about the  weapons and spy stuff too?
44) 12) dialog: I know, poison needles in my shins.  You've got 36 hours. Peace, out.
44) 13) text: Xander hangs up.
46) 0) text: A HELICOPTER comes flying in, a MAN standing out on the s He's a disgruntled GADGET WRANGLER from the NSA. His name TOBY LEE SHAVERS. Slovo and Xander watch from a distance as a series of MET CASES is unloaded by CZECH COPS. Slovo lets out a low whi
46) 4) dialog: That's would be me.
46) 9) dialog: Yeah, thanks a lot.
47) 0) text: Down in the basement there is a SHOOTING RANGE along one  wall. A squad of CZECH COPS is BLASTING AWAY. They become distracted by the noise in the middle of the room. One of the metal boxes has been dropped by a Cop. The res are spread out in front of Xander, Slovo and Shavers.
47) 2) dialog: I stole your beat, huh? Guess you  forgot to brown-nose the right people.
47) 4) dialog: Why don't you show me some gear before  you get hurt.
47) 7) dialog: What is all this? I didn't even order  some of this stuff.
47) 12) text: Xander picks it up.
47) 13) dialog: Kinda looks like you.
47) 18) dialog: They come in any other styles or  colors?
47) 21) dialog: That one I'm real familiar with.
47) 24) text: Xander pulls out some SUPER BINOCULARS.
47) 26) text: Xander looks through them, starts cycling through the  different modes. BINOCULAR P.O.V. - we see the various modes as Xander sca the grounds.
47) 28) text: Xander aims at the shooting range. BINOCULAR P.O.V. - we see through the clothes of the FEMA COPS on the shooting range. (PG-13 style, of course). We even see the INNER WORKINGS of their GUNS. One of the Fem Cops turns and gives Xander an approving look.
47) 29) dialog: I think I'll hang on to these.
47) 32) dialog: From the Beastie Boys collection?
47) 34) dialog: You're joking, right?
47) 37) dialog: I thought that was in detail.
47) 38) text: As Shavers drones on, Xander hangs his head.
48) 7) text: Outside the Ivans nod approval and Xander heads to the of Yorgi looks to kirill, who puts his hand on his PISTOL. Xander opens the door.
48) 8) dialog: Very nice. I'm impressed.
48) 10) text: Just then Petra's computer BEEPS and the MONEY floods int their account. Xander holds up a CELL PHONE and smiles.
48) 11) dialog: I had to inspect the merchandise  first.
48) 14) dialog: What's this?
48) 18) text: Xander checks out his new ride. Yorgi gets in the passeng seat.
48) 20) text: Xander sits behind the wheel and STARTS IT UP. The big en ROARS.
48) 21) dialog: You're alright, Yorgi.
48) 26) text: They all look to the abandoned building. Through the second floor window they can see Slovo's leg  poking through the ceiling. Xander is taken aback.
48) 28) text: Yorgi turns to Xander, goes for his pistol. Thinking fast, Xander does the same. They draw simultaneously and hold the guns to each other' heads as they sit in the car. Petra, Kirill and Anders dr as well, all of them covering Xander.
48) 30) dialog: You tell me! You got a sniper up  there or what?
48) 32) dialog: (he cocks the hammer) Bullshit! You get your boy off that  roof or I swear to God I'm gonna  give you another hole to breathe out  of.
48) 35) text: By now Slovo is down the fire escape. He hits the ground goes running down the street. The Anarchy 99 crew heads for their cars. Xander SPINS th cylinder on his REVOLVER.
48) 36) dialog: I've got him. Buckle up.
49) 2) text: Xander does the only thing he can. He puts the car sidewa and aims out the window as he slides to a stop. Slovo turns and BLAM! Xander SHOOTS Slovo right in the ch IN SLO-MO: a spray of BLOOD erupts from his chest and Slo falls backwards, his face frozen in a look of shock and  betrayal. The smoking shell clatters to the ground. Slovo blinks up at Xander, gasping for words, then lays s Xander hops out, rifles through Slovo's pockets. The othe Anarchy 99 cars pull up, the whole group looking on.
49) 4) text: Xander heads back to the GTO and the cars peel out.
50) 2) dialog: (grim) Had to do what I had to do.
52) 2) dialog: What's "Anarchy 99"?
52) 4) dialog: You wanna see my politics?
52) 5) text: Xander shows him a TATTOO on his arm. It shows PLANET EAR with a giant SCREW through it.
52) 6) dialog: Screw the world. If I'm gonna die  for something, it better be bitches  and money.
52) 10) dialog: "...try walking into a deli and  urinating on the cheese". 'Anarchy  Burger' by the Vandals.
52) 12) dialog: How you gonna do that with government  and rules everywhere?
52) 16) text: Yorgi melts into the dance floor crowd, leaving Xander al with Petra. She gets up grumpily and starts dancing. Xand joins her, but she won't even look at him.
52) 17) dialog: This is great, dancing with the back  of your head.
52) 19) dialog: If you got a problem with me, why  are we dancing?
52) 21) dialog: You do everything Yorgi says?
52) 23) dialog: It's gonna be like that, huh? You  got all bent out of shape as soon as  he started dancing with someone else.  Why's that?
52) 25) dialog: Did you guys used to date? That's  it, right? He broke your heart and  you're still soft on him. That's  funny, it don't seem to fit with a  tough broad like you.
52) 26) text: She glares at him and walks away. Xander follows.
52) 27) dialog: Where are you going?
52) 29) dialog: I was invited. What's your story?
52) 31) text: There's a big line outside the "ladies" and no line at th "men's". Petra heads into the Men's Room. Some DUDE whistles at her. She pushes him out of the way enters a stall. Xander leans on the sink.
52) 32) dialog: Come on, don't front like that. You'll  put a guy right off you.
52) 34) dialog: That right? Why's that?
52) 37) text: She shoves him to the door and stomps back to her stall. Xander walks back out, shaking his head and laughing. Across the room, Viktor shoves the D.J. out of the way an puts on "ANARCHY BURGER" by the Vandals. The rave dance i interrupted by the pounding punk beat.
52) 39) text: Viktor and Anders swiftly turn the dance floor into a vio mosh pit. Xander can't help it, he actually likes these g
52) 41) text: Yorgi and Xander head outside. A moment later, Kirill hur out another door.
53) 0) text: It's late. Yorgi and Xander stroll along the river.
53) 1) dialog: You got a great set-up here Yorgi.  You really know how to live.
53) 3) dialog: I've been here before, when I was a  kid. My old man was in the service,  we used to live on the Army base in  Hamburg.
53) 5) dialog: Hell no. My dad was a straight up  tin soldier. Somehow he pissed this  general off and got himself  dishonorably discharged. Had a court  martial and everything. The charges  were total bullshit, so he was sure  he'd get his name cleared, but it  didn't happen.
53) 7) dialog: My old man, he bought into the system,  and it screwed him. So he swallowed  a bullet. Me, I don't believe in  nothing I can't see and touch.
53) 8) text: The camera suddenly ZOOMS across the city, flying over st and houses until, half a mile away, it finds Kirill in a  window with his SNIPER RIFLE. P.O.V. THROUGH SCOPE - Xander's head is in the crosshairs The scope pans over to Yorgi, who looks INTO CAMERA and g a small signal, calling off the hit.
54) 0) text: A flotilla of VEHICLES (Xander's GTO among them) drives  through the gate in a massive, stone wall. It's a big man house in the middle of town.
55) 0) text: The GTO, sedans, SUV's park in the courtyard. Xander sees row of MOTORCYCLES parked here as well. Xander also sees a Guard hit a switch that LOWERS the HEA WOODEN GATE. Yorgi corrals a bunch of STRIPPERS he's brought home.
56) 0) text: As they go down the hall/Xander sees ROOMS FULL OF OFFICE WORKERS and MAFIYA GOONS.
56) 2) text: Xander takes in WORLD MAPS, FAX MACHINES, BANKS OF COMPUT For all their screwing around, it's clear Anarchy 99 runs large operation.
57) 6) dialog: That's alright, I'm kinda tired.
57) 8) text: Xander points at one of the Strippers. She's wearing a  fashionable FLAK JACKET.
57) 10) text: Petra, show him. The surly Petra opens a door, revealing a hall of doors. Xander and Flak Jacket follow.
57) 11) dialog: You gonna tuck us in?
57) 12) text: She just gives him a nasty look, walks into her room and  slams the door. Xander scratches his head and picks a roo The others shuffle off to their beds with their Strippers
58) 0) text: Flak Jacket is out of sight in the bathroom. Xander talks her while he gets undressed.
58) 1) dialog: Listen, no offense, but I'm not in  the market right now, okay? You can  stay here, but let's not --
58) 3) dialog: You don't understand a word I'm  saying, do you?
58) 5) dialog: Stupid, right? That's what I was  trying to tell you. I just got out  of this heavy thing...
58) 7) dialog: The things I have to do for my  country.
59) 0) text: Xander sneaks out of his room and down the hail. Behind h we can see Flak Jacket asleep amongst the tussled sheets.
60) 0) text: Anders is snoring on the floor. Xander skirrs around him goes through another door.
61) 0) text: Xander finds an office and starts going through the desk. finds a PALM PILOT and snaps a RECORDING DEVICE to the bo In seconds he's copied everything on it. He moves on to s drawers.
61) 3) dialog: Looking for a phone book. I want to  call a cab. Unless you wanna give me  a ride?
61) 6) dialog: We hung out last night, remember?
61) 8) dialog: Hey, take it easy. I'm just a dude  trying to make a buck.
61) 11) dialog: You've got to relax, baby, you're  paranoid.
61) 12) text: She SLAPS him again and Xander goes for her gun. Before h can pry it from her hand, she's pulled another gun from  nowhere and has it jammed against his neck. He lets go.
61) 13) dialog: Hey, you're good.
61) 15) dialog: That makes two of us then, sweetheart,  because I ain't buying your bullshit  either. You're not like them, I can  see it in your eyes. So you tell me,  who's bullshitting who?
63) 0) text: Petra still has the gun on Xander.
63) 2) dialog: The eyes don't lie. All this has  gotten to you, hasn't it, Petra? You  came in as Yorgi's girlfriend and  you stayed because it was fun. Now  you don't like it so much, but you're  in so deep you can't get out anymore.  Tell me if I'm wrong, Petra.
63) 4) dialog: Look at you. You're helping run things  now. You're a gangster. I bet that  snuck up on you. You woke up one day  and you were a criminal.
63) 6) dialog: It's cool, I feel you. I might even  be able to help. Here, let me show  you something. You wanna see what's  in my pocket, I'll show you.
63) 9) dialog: I'm an information gatherer. You  wanna go somewhere and talk about  it?
64) 0) text: Yorgi creeps down the hall, Kirill in tow. They both scre SILENCERS onto their PISTOLS. They flatten themselves up against the wall and prepare t burst into Xander's room. One... Two... THREE! They kick in the door and aim their guns around. Flak Jacket sits up, terrified. Yorgi and Kirill lower their guns. Viktor stumbles by in underwear.
65) 0) text: This is a beautiful and historic Prague location with WIN and a nice view. It's rather fancy and PACKED with UPSCAL PATRONS. Petra and Xander sit in the middle of the room,  sticking out badly in their grungy clothes. A WAITER takes their order.
65) 2) text: Xander shakes his head.
65) 3) dialog: I'm just gonna have a garden salad.  Oil and balsamic vinegar on the side.
65) 4) text: The Waiter takes off. Petra puffs on a cigarette, staring Xander.
65) 6) dialog: (shrugs) I'm from L.A.
65) 8) dialog: Let's just say I'm freelancing and  leave it at that.
65) 10) dialog: Don't judge a comic book by it's  cover.
65) 12) dialog: I know where he's coming from. The  only thing I really don't get is why  he dumped you. Up until I found that  out, I thought his judgment was pretty  sound.
65) 14) dialog: The people I know want facts, the  kinds of things an insider would  know. They're interested in putting  Anarchy 99 out of business.
65) 16) dialog: We could work together. Then maybe  we could both get the hell out of  here. There's a beach in Bora Bora  with my name on it.
65) 18) dialog: So there you have it. I guess you  just have to ask yourself, how bad  to you want out?
65) 24) text: Kirill hangs up. She looks back at Xander, shell shocked.
65) 25) dialog: What's up? Is there a problem?
65) 28) dialog: What are you talking about?
65) 30) dialog: It's a long story, but yeah, more or  less.
65) 32) dialog: If I go out the back, he'll know  you've warned me.
65) 34) dialog: Not an option. Just get up slowly  like everything's cool. Petra, trust  me. You just hung yourself out to  dry for me, I'm not gonna let you  down.
66) 0) text: Kirill lays on his stomach, peering into the scope of his SILENCED SNIPER RIFLE. P.O.V. Through scope - he can faintly see them inside the crowded restaurant. Xander and Petra are making their way towards the exit.
67) 2) dialog: They'll kill you, you know they will.  Besides, there is no back door. Keep  smiling. Ready? Now.
68) 0) text: Xander's timed it perfectly so that just as they get to t door, a BUS passes by. Kirill keeps focused, waiting for the bus to pass. P.O.V. THROUGH SCOPE - Xander's head is sporadically visi through the bus windows. Kirill's finger tightens on the trigger... As soon as the bus passes he FIRES! But Xander's not there, he's ducked down to tie his shoe. CRASH! The glass door behind him shatters. Feigning surpr Xander PUNCHES PETRA IN THE FACE and sprints down the blo He runs bent low, the parked cars protecting him from the sniper. Kirill fires anyway, taking out car windows. At the end of the block is a long staircase with a METAL  RAIL down the middle. As he runs by an outdoor restaurant Xander snatches the  SERVING TRAY from a startled WAITER, sending food and dri flying. He hops on the serving tray like it's a skateboard and do a RAIL-SLIDE down the length of the stairs. He's moving t fast for Kirill. He jumps off at the bottom and the tray POPS UP INTO THE  AIR. Kirill BLASTS it like a clay pigeon. By now Xander is out of sight. Kirill pounds his rifle in frustration. Petra gets to the top of the stairs. She gives Kirill a " did he go?" look. Her nose is bloody, helping to sell her performance. Then she turns and looks off after Xander. She sees his G speeding away.
69) 0) text: We're looking down at a SHIP moving through the fjord, se from high above. It's towing a SMALLER BOAT behind it. An airplane? No, we're at the top of the Trollveggen, Norway legendary "Troll Wall". It's a near 5,000 foot sheer drop the ocean. Six figures stand at the edge of the barren cliff. They w webbed "squirrel" jumpsuits, helmets and parachutes. On e thigh they have pistols and on their chests they have sil MP-5 sub-machine guns. Together they stare down at the sh Petra is among them. She looks down at her watch. It is  precisely 5:59PM. She glances around. The top of the clif is rocky and flat. Xander is nowhere to be seen. FIFTY YARDS AWAY - we see Xander sneaking forward militar style. He's got his "stakeout suit" on and is keeping low
69) 2) dialog: Very nice.
69) 5) dialog: Let's see what's going on inside...
71) 2) text: There is a SMALLER BOAT moored to the back of the ship. Kirill and Viktor hop onto it's deck. They start to WHIST as they work. Sounds like the "Andy Griffith" theme. XANDER'S BINOCULARS P.O.V. He takes DIGITAL PHOTOS of the Ahab device.
71) 3) dialog: What the hell are you guys stealing?
71) 11) text: They climb onto the boat. Petra is the last to board. She looks up towards Xander and MACHINE GUNS the panel some m making sure he notices. XANDER'S P.O.V. He sees the smaller boat pulling away, the Ahab device be towed behind. He pans over and ZOOMS IN on the shot-up co panel.
71) 12) dialog: What the hell...?
72) 0) text: Xander puts down the binoculars and gets up.
72) 1) dialog: No way, man, no way. I'm just supposed  to be an observer. Aw shit. This job  sucks.
72) 3) dialog: Toby Lee Shavers, if this thing don't  work, your ass is kicked.
72) 4) text: Xander steels himself, takes a few deep breaths. Then he sprints to the edge and JUMPS off the cliff... And that's it. He's gone. One mile, straight down. Suddenly we're falling with him. We hear the rush of air as he free-falls a dozen feet fro the craggy rock face. The force of the wind ripples his cheeks. He streamlines himself into a track position and jets awa from the cliff like Superman. Before he gets too low, he RIPS THE BUCKLE. Immediately his jumpsuit TEARS OFF HIS BODY in MULTIPLE  LAYERS, unfurling into a full sized PARASAIL. Xander looks up at his parasail, relieved, and glides tow the ship.
74) 0) text: Xander comes in for a perfect landing. He lands on the li deck and undoes his harness. He sees several WOUNDED scattered on the deck.
74) 1) dialog: Son of a bitch!
75) 0) text: Petra looks back one last time, catching sight of Xander the deck of the ship. She smiles, relieved. Then she turns solemn as she heads below decks to pay the price.
76) 0) text: Xander gets to the wet well and sees the water flooding i With the ship listing like this, the water is pouring bel decks.
77) 0) text: Xander opens a hatch and lowers himself into the hold. He is where the entire Crew has been left to drown. They are struggling to stay above water, their hands and feet boun As the far end of the room is another HATCH. Water pours from this one and Xander has to get it shut. He swims through the struggling Crew, spots the CAPTAIN  holding his YOUNG SON above water. The water is rising  rapidly, filling up the compartment. Xander braces his feet against the bulkhead and PUSHES, b the force of the water is too much. He surfaces. He's got to wait until the room floods befor he can close that door. He watches as the Crew goes into a panic, the water risin up to the ceiling. They are gasping in the last foot of a that's available. He sees the Captain's Son, crying and  clutching at his father. Xander takes a deep breath and dives down. He grabs the h door, braces his feet and PULLS. His muscles strain as the heavy metal door slowly swings  SHUT. Xander surfaces and swims to the ladder. He CUTS the Capt plastic cuffs.
77) 1) dialog: Is the boy alright?
77) 3) text: The Captain takes the knife and swims to free his men. Xander takes the Captain's Son and climbs up the ladder.
78) 0) text: Xander scans the controls but has no idea what he's looki for. The Captain's Son shows him the right switch.
78) 1) dialog: You sure?
78) 2) text: The Son nods and Xander flips the switch. MOTORS start to HUM.
79) 0) text: The bilge pumps spew out water furiously. Crew members co up from below decks. They are soaked and grateful. They g about tending to the wounded as Xander slumps down next t the exhausted Captain.
79) 1) dialog: Captain, huh? You get a lot of broads  with that uniform?
80) 0) text: Xander is in a room with the SCIENTISTS from the ship. Th have blueprints of the torpedo spread out. The Captain's is wrapped in BLANKETS, shivering. Xander is talking to Gibbons on his communicator.
80) 1) dialog: (into communicator) They call it "Ahab", it's a solar  powered submersible. It can  circumnavigate the globe on it's  own. They use it to track and study  the migration patterns of whales.
80) 4) dialog: Yeah, I sent you pictures. Here's  what I'm thinking. If they take out  the cameras and sensors, they could  probably put a bomb in this thing.  You drop it in the water in the Red  Sea and three weeks later it's  swimming up the Potomac.
80) 6) dialog: Hey, one miracle at a time. They're  on to me now, remember?
80) 8) text: Xander tussles the hair of the Captain's Son.
80) 9) dialog: Thanks.
80) 11) dialog: You ain't seen nothing yet.
81) 1) dialog: Get in. We've got work to do.
82) 0) text: PAN OVER WEAPONS - they're all laid out on the floor. 50  cal. MACHINE GUNS, MINES, ROCKETS, BELTS OF AMMO. We finally arrive at Xander leaning on his GTO. He sparks BLOWTORCH and lights a CIGAR.
82) 1) dialog: I want all that... (he pats the GTO) In there.
82) 2) text: Shavers looks on in shock. He's got a crew of MECHANICS w him. Xander hands him the blowtorch and walks away.
83) 0) text: This is a beautiful open air market in a town square  surrounded by old buildings. The place is PACKED. In the midst of it all, we make out Petra moving through crowd. She stops to look at some vegetables when Xander p by her.
83) 1) dialog: Right behind you.
83) 3) dialog: So what's the plan with this Ahab?  Are they selling it or what?
83) 5) dialog: We've got to find out what it is.  Can you handle that?
83) 7) dialog: What's that?
83) 9) dialog: You're what? What the hell have you  been doing?
83) 11) dialog: I'm busted up for you, but Jesus,  what the hell are you doing? Those  people almost drowned on that boat  and you didn't lift a finger.
83) 14) dialog: Get your head back in the game. There  are lives at stake here.
83) 16) dialog: When can I see you again?
84) 0) text: The craggy surface of the wall is swathed in shadows. Xan approaches and flattens himself against it. He's all in B packed with weapons and sporting a COMBAT VEST. He grabs a toehold on the wall and ZOOM! He SPEED CLIMBS the side. He reaches the top in seconds and scopes out the manor ho VIDEO CAMERAS, PATROLLING GUARDS. It's not gonna be easy. Xander slips over the wall down to the courtyard below.
85) 0) text: Xander places an EXPLOSIVE on a CONTROL BOX. He waits for a GUARD to stroll by and then slips through basement window.
86) 0) text: Xander makes his way through a series of rooms. Finally h finds himself in a study with a window overlooking the  CAVERNOUS BASEMENT of the Manor. Laid out below he can see the AHAB DEVICE, hanging from  chains. TECHIES are working with the Anarchy 99 crew to  RETROFIT the thing. They are installing a LAUNCHER RACK of TEN TUBES. Xander can't hear a thing through the thick glass. He takes a METAL BALL from his pocket. There's a sink in corner and he drops the metal ball down the drain.
89) 5) text: Pull back to reveal Xander watching the image on his  communicator. Using a joystick he's able to control the r He steers the camera towards Petra, gets a low-angle shot her legs in a punked-out CATHOLIC SCHOOL GIRL SKIRT. He smiles, enjoying himself.
89) 6) dialog: Great piece of hardware.
91) 0) text: Xander jerks out his earpiece and rubs his ear.
91) 1) dialog: Damn.
94) 0) text: Xander sprints down the hallway. With the Anarchy 99 boys and Guards roaming the house, he's having a hard time fin his way out.
95) 0) text: He runs into a darkened dining hall, sprints across only find the opposite door locked. He hides behind one of the many COLUMNS as his pursuers enter the room. Kirill gives a thumbs up and puts on a pair of NIGHT VISI GOGGLES. He scans the big room but sees nothing. Xander, hidden at the opposite end, waits breathlessly. Kirill advances slowly, his buddies covering him from the door.
95) 2) text: Across the room, Xander sees a small window leading to th courtyard. He has to run across open ground to reach it. calls out to Yorgi.
95) 3) dialog: Speaking of people that are full of  shit, funny you should mention those  guys!
95) 4) text: Xander's voice echoes around the empty hall, making it  impossible to pinpoint.
95) 5) dialog: They put their records out through  Sony, one of the biggest corporate  machines on the planet. Some  revolutionaries, huh?
95) 6) text: He pulls out his gun as Kirill creeps ever closer. Against the far wall Xander spots a FIRE EXTINGUISHER.
95) 8) text: Kirill is almost on top of him. Xander sights up and FIRES. The fire extinguisher EXPLODES, blinding Kirill. Xander makes a run for it. Everyone FIRES WILDLY (except for Petra), bullets tearing tapestries off the walls. Xander dives and crashes through the window.
96) 0) text: Xander tuck and rolls, comes up running. Guards are running around, unsure just what the hell is g on. Xander hops on one of the TRIALS MOTORCYCLES parked nearb and fires up the engine. He hits a remote switch and BLAM The EXPLOSIVE CHARGE he left earlier blows-up. He points the bike at a set of STONE STAIRS. They form a  "ramp" that he can use to JUMP THE WALL. He GUNS THE ENGI A Guard races across the wall with a rifle, taking aim. Xander races and JUMPS THE BIKE over the wail. As he goes he does a CAN-CAN AERIAL, KICKING THE GUARD OFF THE WALL  before he can shoot. The Anarchy 99 guys run outside just in time to see him g
97) 0) text: (NOTE: action will be re-choreographed based on actual  locations. Any freestyle motorcycle moves will be motivat by a physical reason) Xander blazes down the street, Anders racing right behind him. A wrong turn sends him into a dead end. At the end is a panel truck parked next to a stone wall. Xander slows the trials bike and drives it up the hood of the truck and onto it's roof. Balancing on the rear wheel he hops onto the wall. The machine gun blasts again. Xander drives off along the top of the wall. Anders shoulders his gun and follows. They are riding a 15' high wall that's only a foot wide. They make several 90 degree turns, racing above a sleepin neighborhood. Xander sees the end of the wall ahead and t a detour. He hops onto the second floor balcony of a BUILDING UNDER CONSTRUCTION.
98) 0) text: CONSTRUCTION WORKERS bolt out of the way as the motorcycl leaps into their building. Xander pops a wheelie and slams through a BLUEPRINT TABLE Anders follows, demolishing their SNACK TABLE. Xander darts through the building, between beams and 2 x  4's, until he reaches a skeletal STAIRCASE. More WORKERS appear at the bottom of the stairs so Xander goes up. He cranks up three flights of stairs and bashes  onto the roof.
99) 0) text: Xander looks around for a way out. The next building isn' that far away. He revs up and JUMPS ACROSS. Anders jams another magazine into his sub-machine gun and follows Xander. They jump from roof to roof, down a DESCENDING SERIES OF  ROOFTOPS towards the river. Anders pulls up alongside as  they race towards that last apartment building. Neck and neck they head for the brink. At the last jump,  Xander pulls up behind Anders. They hit the last roof in a crunch of gravel. Anders clam on the brakes and comes skidding to a stop, Xander right  behind him. They skid to a stop at the very edge, with Anders balance on his front wheel. He looks down, sees street five stori below. He glances back at Xander, sweat beading, struggling to k his balance. Xander observes him coolly, totally in contr Anders reaches for his machine gun. Xander pops a wheelie and RAMS Anders over the edge. The bike tumbles and PANCAKES into the pavement. Anders t through several AWNINGS before slamming into the ground. Xander turns and rides to the next apartment building. He hops down a steep series of roofs that will eventually take him to street level. As he makes his way down, Anders stirs. The guy is a bloo broken mess but he gets to his feet. He sees where Xander headed and he scurries off to intercept him.
100) 0) text: Xander is heading to the far end of a dead end alley. The only way out is fenced in. But there's a RAMP leading up a LOADING DOCK. Xander will have to use that ramp to jump the fence. Anders climbs to the second floor of the building. There a small crane arm loaded with metal. If he pushes it at t right time, it will swing out and knock Xander from his b He giggles maniacally, blood dripping. Xander drops down into the alley and heads towards the ju Anders times it perfectly and swings the crane arm out. IN SLOW MOTION: The bike leaves the ramp and soars up ove the fence. The crane arm swings out, on a collision course with Xand Xander sees it and THROWS HIMSELF OFF THE BIKE, grabbing  onto the back in a SUPERMAN SEAT-GRAB. He passes RIGHT  UNDERNEATH the swinging crane arm. Anders's face falls when he sees Xander go by, hanging on with ONE HAND. In his OTHER HAND Xander's got his PISTOL.
101) 0) text: Xander comes up the stairs and sees LIGHTS ON in his  apartment. He draws his gun and pushes the door open.
101) 1) dialog: Slovo?
101) 3) dialog: Dude, what are you doing here?
101) 5) text: Xander holsters his gun, searches around for his communic
101) 6) dialog: I found something big enough for us  to take these guys down with. They've  got a of nerve agent they're gonna  unleash.
101) 8) text: Xander turns to see Slovo waving the communicator.
101) 9) dialog: Yeah, give it here.
101) 12) dialog: (stunned beat) What's the deal?
101) 14) dialog: Why you dogging me up?
101) 16) text: Xander does so.
101) 20) dialog: What the hell are you doing? You  could've killed me!
101) 22) dialog: I don't know what's going on anymore.  I thought I was square with that  dude. Now everybody's switching sides  like it's the WWF.
101) 24) dialog: What are you doing with the Ivans?
102) 0) text: The beautiful and historic St. Charles bridge spans the r There are BANNERS hanging in celebration of the coming PR PEACE CONFERENCE. Petra leads Xander across it.
102) 1) dialog: Where are we going?
102) 3) dialog: Wait a minute, whoa. We can't go  now. What's Yorgi got planned with  that nerve agent?
102) 5) dialog: Of course it matters. Hey, hold on!
102) 7) dialog: Petra, this ain't about the people  that sent us here, you know that.
102) 9) dialog: We can't leave now. We have to do  something.
102) 11) text: Xander grabs her by shoulders.
102) 12) dialog: Alright, so I was full of shit. I  thought believing in things was wrong.  Turns out believing in nothing is  worse. You might as well be dead.  I'm not thrilled with the world, but  I'm not gonna let those idiots start  killing people. Come on, you're a  cop, we've got to get these guys.
102) 15) dialog: We'll have to go after them.
102) 17) dialog: A long time ago I learned how to put  fear away in a little place in my  head. Maybe that's my problem. If  you don't feel fear you can do some  amazing things, but you can also  screw your life up in ways you can't  imagine.
102) 19) dialog: You don't have to do that.
102) 21) dialog: Aren't they gonna wonder were you've  been?
102) 23) dialog: When this is over, we're just gonna  take off, the two of us. Take a  vacation.
102) 25) text: Xander kisses her.
102) 26) dialog: That gives us something to live for.
103) 0) text: We see a craggy, gnarly mountain. The front side is a roc strewn, near vertical drop. Then we see Xander come scaling up from the back side. He got GEAR strapped to his back and it looks like it's been helluva climb. Xander sits at the very peak and catches his breath. It's beautiful up here. He pulls a COLLAPSIBLE SNOWBOARD off his back, hits a swi and the thing SWITCHBLADES OUT to full size. He clamps it his feet. Xander moves to the edge and peers down. At the bottom of the mountain he can see the CASTLE, an imposing medieval  fortress in the snow. He leans over the edge and starts d the mountain. He doesn't get far before he notices someth else. He slides to a stop on the near vertical face, clin to rocks for balance. On the mountain below him, between him and the castle, is GUARD OUTPOST. Right now he's in full view and he's been  spotted. He sees GUARDS scrambling out, hopping on  SNOWMOBILES. From up here they look like ants.
104) 2) text: He squints up at the speck that is Xander.
105) 0) text: Xander pulls a CONCUSSION GRENADE from his jacket.
105) 1) dialog: Nothing like fresh powder.
105) 2) text: He puts his goggles on and pulls the pin from the grenade Then he TOSSES IT OVER HIS SHOULDER. The grenade lands in the snow above him and starts ROLLIN DOWNHILL TOWARDS HIM. Xander pushes off and starts bombin down the mountain. The grenade bounces after him and then WHAM! It goes up w a tremendous shock. There is a SHIFT in the snow, a GROAN of shifting weight, then the ENTIRE CORNICE cracks loose and topples over the brink. Xander streaks down the mountain with that wall of snow a his heels. From down below it's an awesome sight. The slack-jawed Gu watch as tons of churning snow bear down on them. Shooting in and out of that powdery mass like a surfer, t can see Xander skipping like a stone down the mountain fa There's a mad scramble as Guards turn their snowmobiles a ride for their lives. A furious Viktor spins around and m a run for it as well. Nobody has a chance. The avalanche is coming like a freig train, frothing like white water. Xander blazes right through the scrambling Guards and hit JUMP. He goes soaring up and lands square on the sloped r of the Outpost. The avalanche is right behind him, slamming down everythi and everyone in its way. Guards are swallowed up and tossed, snowmobiles go tumbli under the onslaught. Xander grabs onto the chimney as the avalanche washes ove the Outpost. He holds on until the ocean of snow comes to stop. Then it's all quiet. Above him the slope is a battlefield of icy rubble. There nothing moving up there anymore. Xander pulls himself fre Then he hears a gushing sound and a DEEP BENEATH THE SURF he sees the WARM ORANGE GLOW OF FLAME. It's Viktor and hi flame thrower. There's another SPURT and the glow fades f good. Xander boards to a rock and sits to catch his breath. He' right above the Castle now. Then his communicator starts BEEP.
105) 3) dialog: (into communicator) Gibbons, long time no talk. You  wouldn't believe my day.
105) 7) text: Xander looks down on the Castle. There seem to be MAFIYA  HENCHMEN all over the grounds.
105) 8) dialog: Snow covered fortress. Army of bad  guys. The usual.
105) 10) dialog: They retrofitted Ahab with some kind  of rocket launcher. They were loading  canisters of liquid into it, light  colored and dark colored in the same  tube but separate. Something tells  me this it that "classified" stuff  you didn't want me to know about.  Does the song "Silent Night" mean  anything to you?
105) 12) dialog: Come on, Gibbons, you can do better  then that.
105) 14) dialog: Jesus Christ, Gibbons, this is  something we came up with?
105) 16) dialog: Kinda funny, though, isn't it? We're  not supposed to be making weapons  like that anyway. Guess we shoulda  played by the rules.
105) 18) dialog: We don't have that kinda time, boss,  I don't think Prague's gonna be around  much longer. I've gotta go now. I've  got a lot of bad guys to kill.
105) 19) text: Xander hangs up and heads down the hill.
106) 0) text: A GUARD patrols the rocky grounds outside the castle. He  stops for a smoke when Xander walks right up to him. WHACK! With two quick blows he knocks him out and keeps  walking. He's a man on a mission. He runs in a low crouch to the smooth castle wall. There' no hand-holds, it's, a perfectly flat climb. A canyon of  ROCKS is below. Xander reaches into his jacket and pulls out the "TERMINA CLIMBING CLAWS. He pulls on the metal gloves and CLAWS in the solid rock. Just like that he starts scaling the vertical surface. We see him outlined against the mountains, steadily makin this impossible climb. At the top is an overhang. It's a gnarly transition. As h rounding it, his FEET SLIP. His legs dangle over the rock chasm below. Using all his strength, he pulls himself up the rest of t way with his climbing claws. At the top a GUARD leans over, aiming his gun at him. Xan grabs him and pulls him over the edge. The Guard FALLS into the chasm. Xander rolls onto the parapet, exhausted. Then another GU rushes him, grabbing for his rifle. Xander springs, the claws lashing out, and tears the gun  from his hands. With the other hand he SLASHES, taking th Guard down. He pulls off the claws and heads into the Guard Tower.
107) 0) text: Xander exits the Guard Tower at the ground level. As he crosses the courtyard an EXPLOSION rocks the tower just left. There is shouting as GUARDS race around the parapets, uns where the attack is coming from. A GUARD runs up to Xande
107) 2) text: Xander CLOTHESLINES him and catches his AK-47 as he drops Up inside the castle he can see Yorgi at a window. Yorgi  appears mildly shocked as they make EYE CONTACT. Xander takes aim.
107) 5) dialog: Don't forget goatee boy. I greased  him up on the diamond run.
108) 0) text: Petra sits at a desk working on a LAPTOP. Yorgi enters wi Xander and Kirill.
108) 12) dialog: I wanted to get the hell out of Prague  before Silent Night falls.
108) 16) dialog: What's the gimmick, Yorgi? That's  the part I don't get. You gonna hold  the world hostage with your gas bombs?  I didn't think you were dumb enough  to go with that hack cliche.
108) 18) dialog: So all by yourself, you're going to  destroy every government; in the  world.
108) 20) dialog: Including rape, pillage, murder.
108) 22) dialog: And here I thought "anarchy" was  just something cool to put on a  Tshirt.
108) 25) dialog: He's a regular humanitarian. And all  this time I thought he was just a  tool.
108) 27) dialog: Oh just shoot us already. I'm sorry  I asked.
110) 0) text: Kirill looks down at the carnage below. Xander takes adva of the distraction and charges at Yorgi. Yorgi goes to shoot but his hand won't work. There's a HU SHARD OF GLASS sticking through his forearm. By the time he pulls it out, Xander is on top of him. He  body checks Yorgi, sending him flying over a desk. Kirill spins and starts FIRING. Xander ducks for cover.
112) 2) text: Before Kirill can do so, Cops burst into the room, sprayi bullets everywhere. Xander and Petra are pinned down, but Yorgi and Kirill ma to make a fast exit out another door.
112) 3) dialog: Hey! We're on your side!
116) 0) text: Meanwhile, Xander and Petra are still pinned down.
116) 1) dialog: Petra! Tell them something!
117) 0) text: Xander and Petra are brought outside. They see the Police working on the wounded Ivan 1. Ivan 2 walks up.
117) 1) dialog: How's Ivan?
117) 3) dialog: Thanks for coming, man, you guys  were right on time.
117) 6) dialog: Let me guess, they had a big white  torpedo with them.
118) 0) text: A big truck pulls to a stop. Its ramp lowers and Xander's blown-out '72 GTO comes rolling out.
118) 2) text: Xander and Petra both strap on grenades and pistols.
118) 3) dialog: Did you do your homework?
118) 5) dialog: Let's do this.
119) 0) text: Xander drives all out, trying hard to catch up. He passes several of Ivan's Police Jeeps at a furious cli Up ahead they see the truck winding it's way down the  mountain.
119) 1) dialog: Where's he headed?
119) 3) text: Xander floors it. Up ahead, in the flatbed truck, Yorgi drives. He can see GTO gaining on them.
119) 5) text: Kirill loads his sniper rifle and climbs out of the cab. lays down, resting the rifle on the Ahab container. As the GTO comes into view, he sights up and FIRES, WHACK The first shot goes clean through the windshield and blow the headrest off Xander's seat.
119) 6) dialog: You get down! I'll take care of this  fool!
119) 10) dialog: Goddamit! He's gonna stop playing  around soon and shoot something  valuable!
119) 11) text: Kirill laughs and takes aim once again. He puts Petra in sights. Xander jerks the steering wheel and BLAM! the shot goes w The GTO veers onto a dirt road that cuts down the mountai Xander fights for control as they slide around the turns. The road flattens out and they can see the Industrial Com up ahead. They cut across a field, heading right for it.
120) 1) dialog: Let's see what my man put together.
120) 2) text: Xander opens a DASH PANEL, revealing a ROW OF SWITCHES. H flips one. The HEADLIGHTS EJECT, revealing a MINI-GUN IN EACH FENDER BRRRAAAAAAPPP!! The mini-guns spin. The metal doors are getting SHREDDED. Empty SHELLS spill down the sides of the GTO. The metal doors come apart, falling in chunks. The GTO slams through the wreckage without slowing down. A Guard comes tumbling down and BOUNCES off the trunk as GTO zips inside.
121) 1) dialog: Where'd the damn truck go?!
121) 4) dialog: Toadies right behind.
121) 10) text: Kirill grabs his sniper rifle and heads off. He climbs up to a second story window of a wooden buildin on a WHARF. From here he can shoot and NOT BE SEEN. He ta his LIT CIGARETTE and tucks it behind his ear. When the GTO rounds the corner he FIRES. The bullet goes through the window and SLAMS into the ste column. Xander jams it into reverse. They retreat behind a buildi Petra clutches her arm, wounded.
121) 11) dialog: You okay?
121) 13) dialog: I'm sick of that guy. Let's stop  playing nice.
121) 14) text: Kirill chambers another bullet and waits for them to make their second approach. The GTO comes roaring out, spinnin in circles wildly. Xander's is just doing donuts as fast he can. Kirill aims, but with all the dust being kicked up he doe have much of a target.
121) 16) text: He doesn't notice Petra pop up from behind a fence with a HEAT SEEKING MISSILE LAUNCHER. ANGLE ON - the missile launcher's COMPUTER SCREEN. The gr display shows a faint red glow in the upstairs window. It the GLOWING POINT of Kirill's lit cigarette. The Launcher BEEPS as it locks in and she FIRES. Kirill looks up to see the missile blazing down the wharf him. He gets it immediately. In a panic he fumbles for the  cigarette... Too late. The missile zeroes in on his head. WHOOOSH! The entire wooden shack blows apart. Xander walks up to Petra.
121) 17) dialog: I guess the surgeon general was right.
121) 18) text: ANGLE ON - Ahab as Yorgi flips a switch and let's it go. electric motor purrs to life and Ahab zips out into the r Xander and Petra run to the water's edge in time to see Y escaping in a MOTORBOAT. In the opposite direction they s the ripples of Ahab as it speeds towards it's destination Petra finds the CONTROLLER in the cab of the truck. She  presses buttons desperately.
121) 20) dialog: You can't talk to it?
121) 22) dialog: A manual control on a moving torpedo.  This day keeps getting better and  better.
121) 23) text: Xander starts running towards a second moored MOTORBOAT.
121) 24) dialog: Radio Ivan! Tell him what's going  down! Have them evacuate downtown!
122) 0) text: Yorgi is motoring away, smiling, when he glances back and sees Xander and Petra take off after Ahab. He pounds on h steering wheel and turns around. His bigger boat closes o them and he reloads his weapons. Xander drives while Petra checks her controller.
122) 2) dialog: It has to surface to release the  nerve agent, right?
122) 4) dialog: Use your grenades! Maybe we can blow  it up underwater!
122) 8) dialog: Petra!
122) 9) text: She loses her grip and the grenade bounces down into the  engine compartment. Xander grabs Petra and jumps. Together they land in Yorgi boat. The grenade explodes and their boat slams into a br support and shatters. They are in the heart of the old city now. We see piazza' full of tourists, markets packed with locals, children pl in front of cathedrals. And on the river Yorgi and Xander battle it out while Petra steers the boat.
122) 11) text: Xander glances down, sees Ahab nearing the surface. Yorgi clobbers him and Xander falls to the edge of the boat. Pe tries to help, but Yorgi slugs her in her wounded arm. Xander can see Ahab just a few inches under as Yorgi grab him from behind in a chokehold.
122) 13) text: Xander elbow's Yorgi's gut and breaks the chokehold. He f him and they both topple overboard. They land on Ahab and both grab on. They punch and pummel each other while desperately hanging on to the speeding  torpedo. It surfaces as it approaches the magnificent St. Charles bridge. On the bridge is a chaos of COPS, FIREMEN and CROWDS OF  PEOPLE. They are desperately trying to herd people away f the river. Xander pounds Yorgi's face and dunks him underwater. Yorg slips and falls back to the tail section, dragging along the torpedo's wake. Ahab starts making noise and it's payload doors swing ope Inside Xander can see the row of glass cannister containi Silent Night. The first one rises up into FIRING POSITION
122) 14) dialog: No you don't.
122) 15) text: He pries the first rocket off it's launcher. The thing is BEEPING menacingly. IN SLO-MOTION - Xander blinks at the liquid death in his  hands. He looks over at Petra. She's shouting at him, but doesn't hear a thing but his own HEARTBEAT. He looks the other direction, to the mass of PEOPLE on th bridge above him. Total strangers... The fate of the whole world is in the hands of a former  nihilist. Through the crowd, Xander sees Gibbons break through with his squad of Agents. Gibbons and Xander make eye contact. Then Yorgi lunges onto his back, trying to pull him into water. Xander HITS BUTTONS on the control panel and Ahab  starts to DIVE.
124) 0) text: Ivan 2 helps Petra off the motorboat. They look down at t water, but there's no sign of Xander. Gibbons and his men push through the cordon of POLICE,  scanning the water. Nothing. Tears well in Petra's eyes. Even Gibbons looks dejected. Then Petra let's out a gasp and they look downstream. There's a boat ramp leading into the water. At first they see a ripple, then the top of a SHAVED HEAD emerges. The whole crowd looks on as Xander rises from the water,  walking up the boat ramp. His shirt is tattered, his tattooed body battered. But th a look on his face, a calm, a self-confidence we haven't  seen before. The Phoenix has risen. Petra runs down to him and throws her arms around him. Xa shakes Ivan 2's hand and then turns to Gibbons.
124) 2) dialog: I'm pretty happy to see me too. So  are you done with me yet?
124) 4) dialog: But I hate cops, remember? Except  for her.
124) 6) dialog: Who says you're the good guys?
124) 9) dialog: Oh yeah? Why don't we start by taking  this thing off my ankle? The poison  needles?
124) 11) dialog: No needles, huh? What about the acid  bath?
124) 13) dialog: (smiles) You're a jerk-off, you know that?
124) 16) text: Xander and Petra move off through the crowd arm in arm.
124) 18) dialog: You can't welch on me now. We had a  deal.
125) 0) text: His ink done, Xander walks out onto the back deck.
126) 0) text: Craggy mountain peaks and perfect turquoise blue water. Xander steps out of a hut built over the water. We see Petra sprawled out on the deck in a bikini. She's a bucket of HINANO BEER chilling down. It's a vision of  heaven. He lays down next to her, starts pulling her bikini botto off.
126) 2) dialog: It's about your next mission. You  need to be debriefed.
126) 3) text: FROM UNDERWATER - we see the two of them dive into the la nude. There's too many bubbles to see any real skin, but know what they're up to. Back on the surface we see BUBBLES rising and catch glimp of their outlines beneath the water. The Camera pulls back to the deck, where we see Xander's  COMMUNICATOR on the table next to the beers. We hear them surface and start SPLASHING off camera. Then the damn communicator starts to BEEP. FADE OUT.