4) 0) text: Sterling comes through the door and his face falls. He's  stepped into a loud METAL CONCERT. We see a GO-GO DANCER in LATEX. Onstage is RAMMSTEIN, a  bizarre German industrial-metal band. The tattooed YOUNG CROWD slam dances and swings glo-stix  over their heads. Some wear rubber BRAIN SKULLCAPS outfit with fiber optic lights. It's a sea of SPIKED HAIR and BO OUTFITS. Sterling squares his jaw and starts pushing through the c With his tuxedo he sticks out like a penguin in a chicken coop. ON THE BALCONY ABOVE THE CROWD stands a wild haired young GANGSTER with PIERCED BROWS. With him is a STREET-TOUGH G with multi-colored hair. They look like a post-Apocalypti Bonnie &amp; Clyde. They are YORGI and PETRA. Yorgi checks his watch. His delivery is late. Then his CE PHONE rings. He's getting the news from outside. He looks down, spots Sterling amidst the moshing crowd. W that look, that tux, there's no mistaking what he is. They make EYE CONTACT and Sterling gives a little nod. Yorgi calmly issues orders into his phone. Immediately VIKTOR starts moving in Sterling's direction. Viktor is huge, with a MOHAWK and a six-inch GOATEE. Sterling sees him advancing and makes for the exit, pushi through the freaky crowd.
35) 17) text: Finally we see YORGI, the unlikely looking Mafiya Don. We see CRIME SCENE PHOTOS that illustrate his exploits.
41) 3) text: Slovo points them out in the far corner. They're surround by straight faced BODYGUARDS. What ANARCHY 99 is doing in their booth with the STRIPPER looks like Led Zeppelin on tour. Booze, broads, good time These guys are living like rock stars. They're all here: Anders the biker, Viktor, Kirill. In th middle sit Yorgi and Petra. Petra's wearing an "I AM EVIL Tshirt.
41) 11) text: Slovo makes his way through the crowd to the booth. Yorgi looks him up and down.
41) 13) dialog: This pizda? Never seen him before.
41) 21) dialog: Cops. Like a plague. No matter how  many you pay there's always another  with his hand out. How did you pick  him out?
41) 23) dialog: I appreciate you bringing this to  our attention. Whatever you want,  the rest of the night, consider it  on the house.
41) 24) text: Yorgi waves over some strippers.
41) 26) dialog: Sorry, man, don't know what you're  talking about.
41) 28) text: Yorgi nods and the Bodyguards step in front of Xander.
41) 30) text: Xander turns to leave. That's when Anders notices the "X" tattoo on the back of  Xander's head. He gets excited and alerts Yorgi.
41) 31) dialog: Xander Cage!
41) 35) dialog: This is insane, man. Xander Cage in  Prague. Come on, sit. Sit with us.
41) 36) text: Yorgi signals for more drinks.
41) 37) dialog: I remember that one where you jump  the motorcycle over the freeway at  rush hour.
41) 41) dialog: We seen all your shit! So you want  cars? We get whatever cars you need.  What are you looking for?
41) 47) text: Petra glances at Yorgi who nods.
41) 53) text: Xander looks to Yorgi.
41) 54) dialog: (laughing) Don't look at me, X, she handles all  the details.
41) 61) dialog: Alright, now that business is  finished, we party! Bitches, come!  We have a drink and toast the deal!
41) 62) text: Yorgi claps and a flock of strippers descends on the boot Anarchy 99 lifts their glasses. Xander joins in the toast
48) 2) text: Sitting in an OFFICE watching are Yorgi, Kirill and Petra Petra has a LAPTOP.
48) 3) dialog: Has it arrived yet?
48) 6) dialog: Perhaps he is not all he says he is.
48) 7) text: Outside the Ivans nod approval and Xander heads to the of Yorgi looks to kirill, who puts his hand on his PISTOL. Xander opens the door.
48) 9) dialog: I'm somewhat less so. We seem to  have a bit of a problem...
48) 12) dialog: Of course.
48) 15) dialog: This is a gift. From me to you.
48) 17) dialog: It's a little nothing, you take it.
48) 18) text: Xander checks out his new ride. Yorgi gets in the passeng seat.
48) 19) dialog: Come on, get in.
48) 27) dialog: What in the hell...?
48) 28) text: Yorgi turns to Xander, goes for his pistol. Thinking fast, Xander does the same. They draw simultaneously and hold the guns to each other' heads as they sit in the car. Petra, Kirill and Anders dr as well, all of them covering Xander.
48) 29) dialog: What's going on, my friend?
48) 31) dialog: He's not with us, Xander. He must be  with you.
48) 33) text: Yorgi stares, finally believes him. He lowers his gun.
48) 34) dialog: Get him! Find out who he is!
49) 1) dialog: That's the cop from the club!
49) 3) dialog: What are you doing? Get in the car!
50) 1) dialog: I don't believe it! You can't shoot  a cop in the middle of the street!
50) 3) text: He pulls out the roll of FILM. Yorgi laughs.
50) 4) dialog: You say you get a million, you get  the million. Some cop gives us shit,  he's dead. Jesus Christ, man, you're  hard-core!
52) 0) text: It's a crowded basement rave club. Hot and sweaty RAVERS  dance in provocative outfits. The Anarchy 99 group is sta on the best booth, right on the packed dance floor. Surrounding them are a handful of MAFIYA BODYGUARDS who s at attention like the Secret Service. Anders swings from a water pipe and then drops onto the t smashing glass. A DRUNK GUY tries to pull Petra onto the dance floor and PUNCHES him. The Bodyguards drag the dude out for a prope thrashing. Yorgi shatters a BOTTLE against the wall.
52) 1) dialog: Total chaos, man! Welcome to Anarchy  99!
52) 3) dialog: It's all this craziness! It's what  we've been living since 99, when we  left the Army. One of our brothers  died in Grozny and we said the hell  with this shit. What for? He dies  for what? Politics? Who's politics?  Not ours.
52) 7) dialog: That's what I'm talking about, man!  That's why Anarchy 99 was born.
52) 8) text: Yorgi rolls up his sleeve, revealing an Anarchy 99 tat (a circled "A" with "99" underneath).
52) 9) dialog: To us it means no walls, no speed  limits, no jails. It's everybody  does what he wants. People think  democracy is freedom but they don't  have a clue. There's an old punk  song. It says: "America stands for  freedom, but if you think you're  free..."
52) 11) dialog: You got it, man. It's stupid but  it's true. True freedom is when you  do whatever you want anytime you  want. That's when you know you're  living, man.
52) 13) dialog: Easy. You get enough money that you  grow an ass big enough for the whole  world to kiss.
52) 14) text: Yorgi throws a fistful of money onto the dance floor. The Xed out ravers swat it around like confetti.
52) 15) dialog: You hang with us, buddy, taste some  freedom! Petra! Dance with this guy!
52) 16) text: Yorgi melts into the dance floor crowd, leaving Xander al with Petra. She gets up grumpily and starts dancing. Xand joins her, but she won't even look at him.
52) 38) dialog: Xander, check it out! The revolution  begins!
52) 40) dialog: Let's get some air, man.
52) 41) text: Yorgi and Xander head outside. A moment later, Kirill hur out another door.
53) 0) text: It's late. Yorgi and Xander stroll along the river.
53) 2) dialog: It's a beautiful town, Prague. It's  been good to me.
53) 4) dialog: You, an Army brat? I don't see that  one at all. Did you join the service  as well?
53) 6) dialog: Connections and politics, it's the  same everywhere.
53) 8) text: The camera suddenly ZOOMS across the city, flying over st and houses until, half a mile away, it finds Kirill in a  window with his SNIPER RIFLE. P.O.V. THROUGH SCOPE - Xander's head is in the crosshairs The scope pans over to Yorgi, who looks INTO CAMERA and g a small signal, calling off the hit.
53) 10) dialog: Next week these idiots are having a  peace conference here. What the hell  are they going to talk about? It's  the system itself that causes all  the world's problems. You're okay,  buddy. Come on, it's getting early.
55) 0) text: The GTO, sedans, SUV's park in the courtyard. Xander sees row of MOTORCYCLES parked here as well. Xander also sees a Guard hit a switch that LOWERS the HEA WOODEN GATE. Yorgi corrals a bunch of STRIPPERS he's brought home.
55) 1) dialog: This way, girls, let's go!
57) 0) text: With leaded glass windows overlooking the river, this pla is beautiful. Inside it's done up more like the house fro MTV's "Real World", except trashed. There's cool fish tan a pool table, PS2 on a flatscreen and spray paint and hol all over the walls. SERVANTS welcome them with food and Yorgi's SECRETARY giv him important messages.
57) 1) dialog: (sorting through  messages) Not bad, yes? The original owners,  they just one day decide to move  out.
57) 4) text: Yorgi paws at a Stripper.
57) 5) dialog: I've got meetings this afternoon,  I've got to get some sleep. Just  pick a girl.
57) 7) dialog: You want to insult me? This is my  hospitality. Pick one.
57) 9) dialog: Good, now find a room to crash in.
62) 0) text: There are THREE STRIPPERS asleep in bed. Yorgi is sitting his COMPUTER in his underwear. He's hacked in to the CZECH POLICE network.
62) 1) dialog: Something bothers me about you, Mr.  Xander Cage...
62) 3) dialog: Get Kirill. Now!
62) 4) text: She heads out. Yorgi goes to the bathroom, splashes water his face. Kirill enters, still half asleep.
62) 6) dialog: I'm inside the police mainframe. Do  you see anything?
62) 7) text: Kirill studies the screen while Yorgi pulls on clothes.
62) 9) dialog: I've searched their E-mail. No funeral  announcement, no obituary, no call- to-arms. Nothing on the news, even.  I swear I saw a cop get shot  yesterday. How come no one is talking  about it?
62) 11) dialog: I also check the wire transfer. I  follow the money back to it's source,  but there is no source. It comes  from nowhere. First they bring CIA,  then British SAS, now maybe they  plumb the lower depths. Maybe now  they send someone who looks like us.  Maybe someone like our houseguest  Mr. X.
64) 0) text: Yorgi creeps down the hall, Kirill in tow. They both scre SILENCERS onto their PISTOLS. They flatten themselves up against the wall and prepare t burst into Xander's room. One... Two... THREE! They kick in the door and aim their guns around. Flak Jacket sits up, terrified. Yorgi and Kirill lower their guns. Viktor stumbles by in underwear.
64) 1) dialog: Where is he?
71) 1) dialog: Ready the boat.
71) 6) text: Yorgi hits another switch, opening the BALLAST DOORS on t port side of the ship. Air flows out, causing the ship to list to one side.
71) 8) dialog: It all happened so fast. Such an  unfortunate accident.
71) 9) text: Yorgi MACHINE GUNS the wet well control panel.
71) 10) dialog: Let's go.
73) 1) dialog: What was that for?
73) 3) dialog: You've been so quiet lately, Petra,  I thought you no longer cared.
73) 5) dialog: (smiles) Viktor! Stay the course.
73) 6) text: Yorgi kisses her again and heads to the cabin below.
89) 4) dialog: Perfect!
92) 2) text: Yorgi hits an ALARM switch, alerting the guards. The Anarchy boys grab weapons and start racing through th house.
95) 1) dialog: Xander, my friend, that can only be  you. Why don't we put our weapons  down for a few minutes and discuss  this like friends. How would you  like to come to work for us instead?  We could Rage Against the Machine  together.
95) 2) text: Across the room, Xander sees a small window leading to th courtyard. He has to run across open ground to reach it. calls out to Yorgi.
95) 7) dialog: Come on, you're the one who's fooling  yourself. Why risk your life for  your government when we can offer  you a future that is truly free?
96) 1) dialog: He blew the gate control. Anders!  Get the bastard!
107) 2) text: Xander CLOTHESLINES him and catches his AK-47 as he drops Up inside the castle he can see Yorgi at a window. Yorgi  appears mildly shocked as they make EYE CONTACT. Xander takes aim.
107) 4) dialog: That was for Anders.
107) 6) text: Yorgi punches him again.
108) 0) text: Petra sits at a desk working on a LAPTOP. Yorgi enters wi Xander and Kirill.
108) 1) dialog: Look who we found playing outside.
108) 3) dialog: Petra, my sweet dove, do you notice  anything strange about X? He looks  slightly less than dead.
108) 6) text: Yorgi SLAPS her.
108) 7) dialog: Do you think I didn't know about you  all along? My contacts in the KGB  told me you were coming. You show up  undercover and, I must admit, you  play your part to the hilt. When  it's time to be cruel, you are cruel.  When it's time to be passionate, you  are very very passionate indeed.
108) 9) dialog: I could have killed you, but I thought  this would be so much more fun. To  twist you and use you how I see fit.  And to be honest, you went much  farther than I ever expected you  would for your country.
108) 11) dialog: And you. Why do you have such a  problem staying away, my friend? Did  you miss us that much?
108) 13) dialog: Not bad, man, not bad. You put things  together quick. Prague it is.
108) 15) dialog: Nice place to start, don't you think?
108) 17) dialog: You think I'm after money? I told  you, my friend. Anarchy. Time for a  change. Money is good, but for true  freedom you have to get rid of the  rules themselves.
108) 19) dialog: Easier than that, buddy. I'll get  them to destroy each other. You kill  an entire Peace conference, someone  is going to have to pay. Then our  friend Ahab continues down the river  to the ocean and begins his world  tour. London, Cairo, Beijing... Pretty  soon everyone's involved. These guys  bomb those guys, those guys invade  these guys. Soon the whole world is  like your wild West cowboy days. No  rules, no law, everybody free to do  what they want.
108) 21) dialog: Sure, if that's what you want. Why  not? It's all human nature. So we  just have to launch our baby and  wait for the decline and fall of  civilization as we know it.
108) 23) dialog: Come on, Xander. You used to stand  for something. What happened to you,  man? I thought you'd get it.
108) 26) dialog: You both could have been a part of  it. You could have ridden with us  into a new day, the dawning of a new  age of --
108) 28) text: Yorgi's eye twitches.
108) 29) dialog: Screw you too, buddy.
108) 30) text: He raises his gun and suddenly BOOOOOM! A massive explosi rocks the whole castle. Shrapnel shatters the windows,  spraying glass, and Yorgi's shot goes wide.
110) 0) text: Kirill looks down at the carnage below. Xander takes adva of the distraction and charges at Yorgi. Yorgi goes to shoot but his hand won't work. There's a HU SHARD OF GLASS sticking through his forearm. By the time he pulls it out, Xander is on top of him. He  body checks Yorgi, sending him flying over a desk. Kirill spins and starts FIRING. Xander ducks for cover.
112) 0) text: The Police whip through the building like lightening, mow down everyone in their path. One Czech Secret Policeman is wounded and the others reta with a volley of RPG's that evaporates a pocket of resist In the main room upstairs, Kirill is blasting away. Yorgi starts rounding up the computer gear.
112) 1) dialog: Hurry up, kill him!
112) 2) text: Before Kirill can do so, Cops burst into the room, sprayi bullets everywhere. Xander and Petra are pinned down, but Yorgi and Kirill ma to make a fast exit out another door.
113) 0) text: Ivan 1 is talking on the radio when Yorgi appears behind and shoots him in the back. They step over him and enter a GARAGE.
114) 0) text: The Ahab device is in the back of a flatbed TRUCK. Yorgi Kirill start up the truck and jam it into gear.
119) 3) text: Xander floors it. Up ahead, in the flatbed truck, Yorgi drives. He can see GTO gaining on them.
119) 4) dialog: (in Russian, subtitled) They're coming! Get back there.
121) 8) text: At the riverbank Yorgi and Kirill pull Ahab off the truck and prepare for launching. They remove it from it's box and carry it waist deep into the water. Yorgi opens a panel and works feverishly on Ah insides.
121) 9) dialog: I've got it, go! Cover me!
121) 18) text: ANGLE ON - Ahab as Yorgi flips a switch and let's it go. electric motor purrs to life and Ahab zips out into the r Xander and Petra run to the water's edge in time to see Y escaping in a MOTORBOAT. In the opposite direction they s the ripples of Ahab as it speeds towards it's destination Petra finds the CONTROLLER in the cab of the truck. She  presses buttons desperately.
122) 0) text: Yorgi is motoring away, smiling, when he glances back and sees Xander and Petra take off after Ahab. He pounds on h steering wheel and turns around. His bigger boat closes o them and he reloads his weapons. Xander drives while Petra checks her controller.
122) 5) text: They're heading into downtown Prague now, the riverbank  getting more and more populated. Yorgi is closing fast. Down below them Petra can see the white streak of Ahab be the water.
122) 7) text: Petra pulls the pin on a grenade. She tosses it out in fr of Ahab. WHOOMPH! A jet of water goes up, but too far beh She pulls another pin and is ready to throw when Yorgi's  boat pulls up alongside. Yorgi aims and FIRES and the bul GRAZES Petra's arm.
122) 9) text: She loses her grip and the grenade bounces down into the  engine compartment. Xander grabs Petra and jumps. Together they land in Yorgi boat. The grenade explodes and their boat slams into a br support and shatters. They are in the heart of the old city now. We see piazza' full of tourists, markets packed with locals, children pl in front of cathedrals. And on the river Yorgi and Xander battle it out while Petra steers the boat.
122) 11) text: Xander glances down, sees Ahab nearing the surface. Yorgi clobbers him and Xander falls to the edge of the boat. Pe tries to help, but Yorgi slugs her in her wounded arm. Xander can see Ahab just a few inches under as Yorgi grab him from behind in a chokehold.
122) 12) dialog: This is going to be exciting, buddy!  Front row seats to the apocalypse!  Come on, sing with me! (singing madly) "I am an Antichrist / I am an  anarchist / I... wan-na be...  Anarchy!"
122) 13) text: Xander elbow's Yorgi's gut and breaks the chokehold. He f him and they both topple overboard. They land on Ahab and both grab on. They punch and pummel each other while desperately hanging on to the speeding  torpedo. It surfaces as it approaches the magnificent St. Charles bridge. On the bridge is a chaos of COPS, FIREMEN and CROWDS OF  PEOPLE. They are desperately trying to herd people away f the river. Xander pounds Yorgi's face and dunks him underwater. Yorg slips and falls back to the tail section, dragging along the torpedo's wake. Ahab starts making noise and it's payload doors swing ope Inside Xander can see the row of glass cannister containi Silent Night. The first one rises up into FIRING POSITION
122) 15) text: He pries the first rocket off it's launcher. The thing is BEEPING menacingly. IN SLO-MOTION - Xander blinks at the liquid death in his  hands. He looks over at Petra. She's shouting at him, but doesn't hear a thing but his own HEARTBEAT. He looks the other direction, to the mass of PEOPLE on th bridge above him. Total strangers... The fate of the whole world is in the hands of a former  nihilist. Through the crowd, Xander sees Gibbons break through with his squad of Agents. Gibbons and Xander make eye contact. Then Yorgi lunges onto his back, trying to pull him into water. Xander HITS BUTTONS on the control panel and Ahab  starts to DIVE.