20) 3) text: Three photos are stapled inside. One is of Weiss, the other two have names written under them -- RUBIN and MOONEY. Mooney is a runty looking guy with a mop of blond hair. Rubin is a skinny, thin faced young guy with a beard that hasn't filled in yet.
56) 45) text: PRYCE (cont'd) You have a photo of Rubin anywhere?
64) 13) text: -- it's Rubin, but he looks beat to shit. Deep cracks slice across his bloody, chapped lips. Peeling skin flakes on his face. Desperate, despondent eyes. Shaky, frostbitten fingers. He's having a hard time holding it together as he can barely get the words out...
64) 15) dialog: -- Did Mooney talk to you? I didn't hear from him -- he was supposed to call me after you talked.
64) 21) dialog: No...
64) 31) dialog: And I'm next, I know it.
64) 38) dialog: Weiss didn't want to go through with it. Oh God. How did we let this happen?
64) 43) text: Rubin is spooked.    Glares at her -- scared.   Like a ca animal.
64) 49) text: Rubin shoves her aside, throwing her against a chair. She topples backwards.
64) 55) text: Rubin dashes off down the hallway -- it's an effort.
64) 56) text: Carrie appears at the door. Catches a glimpse of Rubin disappearing down a set of side stairs.
64) 73) text: -- Rubin's at the far end, slipping through a doorway that leads into an INTERCONNECTING TUNNEL to another part of ASB.
65) 1) text: A SUBJECTIVE POV - catches interval glimpses of Rubin through the small windows that run along the side of the tunnel as he dashes through.
66) 1) text: Rubin is moving through to a door at the far end as Carrie enters. It's lined with several free standing, empty bookcases.
67) 8) text: -- a panicked Rubin inside, grabbing ECW gear off a rack mounted to the wall.
67) 23) text: Rubin bolts back toward the door separating he and Carrie, but --
67) 24) text: -- SWOOOSH! THE ICE AXE is buried into his shoulder, gaffing him like a fish. The pain's excruciating for Rubin, who spins on his attacker like a wild man. BULLDOZES into him, driving him back out the door.
67) 25) text: Both TUMBLE down a steep set of stairs -- the exposed end of the ice axe gets stuck in a step's steel meshing on the way down -- rips out of Rubin's shoulder.
68) 1) text: Rubin eats the pain as he gets to his feet. Takes off. Runs blindly with panting intensity verging on hysteria. Disappears around the contour of ASB before the other guy can get to his feet.
69) 5) text: CARRIE (cont'd) Pryce, it's not Rubin --
71) 1) text: Rubin staggers as he follows a line of storage bins tucked against the base of the main building. The blood from his wound already frozen on his shirt.
71) 10) text: Rubin trips. Hands go to the icy ground to protect his fall. Still hits hard. Starts to get up, but his palms are frozen to the surface. Doesn't have time to care -- pulls hard, tearing the skin right off. Stands. Spins around in a panicked whirl -- he's lost ground.
72) 4) dialog: ...Help me.
74) 1) text: Rubin's pace is slowing -- he's exerting himself to get to the people as they climb into snowmobile with the container.   Frostbite is chewing up his lungs. He's too slow, they take off. He coughs up blood.
74) 3) dialog: W..wa..wait.
74) 5) text: Rubin's eyes desperately search for some kind of weapon - anything. Sees the insulated hose on the SNOW MELTER. Heads for it.
75) 1) text: Carrie passes a gap between storage containers where several snow shovels are stuck into a mound of snow -- through their vertical slats, SHE CATCHES A GLIMPSE OF RUBIN at the Snow Melter across on the other side of the main building. Sees the ECW guy closing in.
76) 1) text: Pryce is moving under ASB. Passes a hydraulic support leg. Spots Carrie on the other side moving toward Rubin. Also sees the ECW guy in pursuit. Heads toward them.
77) 1) text: Rubin's frostbitten hand reaches for the hose. Grabs it, but he doesn't have the strength to turn it on. Throws a defeated glance over his shoulder to see --
77) 2) text: -- THE VILLAIN in ECW gear right on him! Shoves Rubin against the tank. Grabs the hose from him. Turns it on - - SPRAYING him head to toe.
77) 3) text: Rubin's clothes turn to ice. One eye freezes shut. Lips go cobalt blue. He tries to escape, but several stiff steps away, he slows and finally stops: a prisoner in his ice-locked clothing.
77) 4) text: The man moves to Rubin.   Grabs his head, and - SNAP - breaks his neck.
77) 5) text: Rubin's body topples stiffly to the ground.
78) 5) text: Murphy and the others join her at the window. They see Rubin on the ground, but the Snow Melter blocks any view of the killer.
79) 13) text: Pryce approaches. Glances to Rubin's frozen body -- neck askew. Carrie is wound up. Keller's still recovering from the impact --
100) 1) text: Carrie slips in. We've been here before -- this is where she chased Rubin.
102) 16) text: She opens Mooney's bag. Sees his chest is uneven -- more cylinders inside. Repeats the action with Rubin. Same thing.