0) 0) text: Video image. WAJ is 20, a British Pakistani, built like a fridge. He wears camos, a black headscarf & behind him a rug is pinned to the wall.
1) 0) text: Omar is next to Barry. Waj is in the back with Fessal. Beady eyes. Barry is driving Omar and Waj to the airport. Suddenly he outbursts.
4) 0) text: Waj and Omar with Uncle X are rammed in a row of three — facing out through the back. Waj is scoffing a samosa. Uncle eyes them judgmentally. Waj is worried.
4) 19) dialog: Wa-likumasalaam. Uncle X leaves. Omar exhales in relief.
4) 31) text: 14 13 4 LIONS SCRIPT at WAJ (cont'd) Yeah, rubber dingy rapids! - OK I would kill ya brother Omar! I'd smash your head off with a thing.
6) 36) dialog: (beat) Maybe it were God's will I were doing me video so maybe it's not my fault.
7) 0) text: Camera finds Omar & Waj emerging into arrivals. Rough unchanged, no backpacks. Waj dazed. Omar pensive, rattled condition from what he’s just been through. Waj sees Barr
9) 0) text: Omar is stood addressing Barry, Waj, Hassan and Fessal wh are all sat before him in a line. The scene starts with Omar giving a significant look to Barry. Omar is going to straight drop a wopper.
10) 0) text: This is the flat we saw earlier. It is becoming the bomb factory. On the floor are several boxes of Fessal’s wine bottles with screw caps filled with bleach. There is also stereo and speakers, and a guitar. Hassan and Waj are dan to some niche beats. Hassan is wearing a rabbit head cost Waj is doing a mock execution on the rabbit. Barry enters
11) 0) text: Omar, Hassan and Waj carrying boxes. To their left, a voi 43 4 LIONS SCRIPT at 31.10.09
13) 0) text: Waj, Fessal, Barry & Omar enter the bottom of the stairwell. Omar pissed off has Barry by the arm. Barry protesting.
20) 16) dialog: You ripped me up bro
26) 0) text: In a shut for Sunday no cams back alley the guys are putt on their bomb belts, they are shielded from view by the V They keep watch but they're in a relatively safe spot. Waj is putting on his belt with great care. Omar fixing t detonator.Barry is fixing up Hassan's detonator, doing so complicated work round his back. Hassan is a bit nervous. Their costumes are half on. Omar is a Honey Monster, Waj sexy ostrich, Barry - still sulking - is a ninja turtle a Hassan has the upside down clown we saw matt struggling w There is an air of final purpose.
26) 20) text: 81 4 LIONS SCRIPT at 31.10.09 OMAR (cont'd) This is Waj’s brain we're talking about - since when do we listen to Waj's brain (to Waj) sorry bro.
29) 0) text: Waj is running. Looks up. Copters. He looks ahead. A cop He ducks down the back alley of a terrace of businesses. Sirens. And suddenly two cops ahead - at the far end of t alley - on radios and pointing. Waj spots an open door at the back of one of the premises runs across the back yard, and thru it - the back half of kebab shop -
36) 19) dialog: 
36) 20) dialog: 4 LIONS SCRIPT at 31.10.09
36) 33) dialog: Bro I’ve just took a picture of my face. It’s deffo not my confused face. I'll send it you.
37) 3) dialog: (reading screen) ‘Number withheld.' (to Nabil) I don't do ‘number withheld'.
38) 0) text: Nabil is staring at Waj wondering how the hell his day tu into this.
39) 0) text: Waj’s phone rings again.