3) 0) text: They enter the Coffee Corner.  Carla is serving the folk, Jack the owner is behind the counter.
3) 14) dialog: What're they talking about?
3) 16) dialog: Waal, no, th'traffic light's Doug's thing.  That's his thing, fine.
3) 18) dialog: But we got to talk about the pothole.
3) 20) dialog: A public office is a public trust... This is why this is America.  Question is: who owns the street. Outside the front booth, on the street, the airport van cruises by.
7) 1) text: "Burlington Banner".  Picture of movie star Bob Barrenger and Banner headline: "Waterford chosen as sight of new Bo Barrenger film.  A story of small town life based on..." Carla knocks on the door to the back room, voices from inside.  Outside, on two chairs, the MAYOR, GEORGE BAILEY man in his fifties, and JOE WHITE, the writer, dressed in army field jacket and jeans, waiting to be admitted. Joe is reading an old "Welcome to Waterford" tourist fold The door to the room opens, and Joe stands, looks inside, squints.  Takes off his reading glasses and puts on anoth pair.
9) 94) text: Bob Barrenger, the star, screamingly fit, leather jacket, jeans, carrying a gym bag.  He smiles, goes up to the des As he goes up to the desk, teenagers, who have been waiti in the lobby, crowd to him.
10) 1) text: PAN OFF "Trials of the Heart" theatrical poster.  Two old codgers, Morris and Spud, and Jack sitting in the same wi booth chatting.  Phone rings.  Carla answers it.
10) 3) dialog: Fellow gets a calf, it's forty below, calf gets out, he hears that animal, he's going to, get up, pull on his jeans... The Mayor is taking a pack of Camels from Carla's father.
10) 9) dialog: What's a Tuna B.L.T.?
10) 13) dialog: Y'wanna talk about Main Street, whyn't cha fix the pothole?
10) 18) dialog: Communist Country, he hears that Calf it's two a.m., four feet of snow, what does he say?  "That's the State's Calf out there..."  He rolls over.  "Wake me at Ten." Carla, who has been waiting for the order to be prepared, takes it from her father, starts out the door.
10) 21) dialog: That's the difference, Communism and you know...
10) 23) dialog: That's what they said about Warner Brothers, 1985, but if you look at their price-per-share...
10) 25) dialog: I want you home by Nine.
39) 0) text: Geezers are at the front table in the window.  Carla's father, JACK, behind the counter trying to assemble an espresso machine, reading from the instructions.
39) 6) dialog: With you inna moment.  I'm a little short-handed.
39) 17) dialog: Annie, you want something to eat?
39) 20) dialog: Annie?
39) 38) dialog: Anybody here seen Carla?
39) 44) dialog: ...anybody seen my daughter...?
50) 0) text: Carla, being led by the hand, by Doug.  Following them, h Father Jack and Cal the trooper.
50) 3) dialog: Doug, she says that she wasn't in the c... They stop at a room, knock on the door.  A PAUNCHY SALESM opens the door.
52) 0) text: Cal, Bob Barrenger, Walt, Doug, Carla and Jack.
52) 19) dialog: I knew she wasn't in the car.
65) 0) text: Joe enters and takes out his pad and pencil.  He sits on bed.  On the pillow, he sees and picks up a black and red hunting jacket, onto which the one foot short sleeve has knitted in baby blue.  There is a card in the picket that reads "Better than new -- it's got a story!"  He puts it down. He picks up his notebook, in which he has written: "The Purpose of the Second Chance is to allow you to make the mistake twice." He stops by the mirror on the chiffonier into which he pu the lure, which still has the attached card reading "The truth may not always set you free, but it's always the tr - Joseph Turner White." Joe goes to the bed.  On the bed is a small package tied ribbon.  Joe opens it. ANGLE INS. It is a small thing of maple syrup.  Attached to it is a reading: "It is your invention which makes everything swe He takes off his jacket, and picks up his notebook.  Out his jacket pocket falls the old copy of the Waterford Sentinel. He picks it up.
76) 6) text: Joe, sitting near the camera, looking through the script. Reading along, mouthing the words.  He wears the plaid jacket, one sleeve is pink, knitted.