0) 0) text: It is the kind of bar where the well-to-do folks of LA go pick up - or be picked up. Lesser-known actors, agents an executives of all ages. Into this bar comes Ben. Ben is in his thirties. He is wearing an Armani suit that could use a visit to the dry-cleaner's. He hasn't shaved the last twenty-four hours (but neither has any of the ac in the bar). He is a good-looking man but is clearly in trouble of some kind. Although still in control of his faculties, it becomes clear in the following scene that h is much the worse for wear with drink. He looks around th room until he sees someone he recognizes and then walks o to a table where two couples are seated. The men are youn execs, the girls, both blonde and busty, have very white teeth and smile all of the time. The camera follows Ben o to the table. One of the execs looks up as Ben gets close He recognizes him but delays his recognition until the la moment in the hope that Ben is not looking at him. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
0) 5) dialog: That's right. Are you still at ICM?
0) 7) dialog: That's great. Say hello to Mike for me. That's a beautiful dress, Debbie, and those are fabulous earrings, Sheila. There is an awkward silence. Ben does not make a move and not invited to join them. The girls smile.
0) 9) dialog: Thanks a lot. | didn't actually write it, [just got the credit. |was fired. (to Peter) Can | talk to you for a moment? Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca Peter gets up and he and Ben walk to the door together. Peter speaks very quietly.
0) 11) dialog: This is the last time. Promise. | just need some cash tonight. | lost my credit cards. The money'll be on your desk first thing tomorrow morning, Scout's honor. How's the new one coming along? | here you got Richard Gere. The two men look at each other for a while. Peter's frien are looking at them, as are other people in the room. Pet takes out his wallet and extracts some notes.
0) 13) dialog: Yes, that's fine. I'll messenger it over to you tomorrow.
7) 0) text: The bar is dark but through a small window we see that it Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca a very bright sunny day outside. The bartender reads the Angeles Times. The bar surface is red vinyl. There are fi customers, all single men. One of them is Ben and he is sitting at the bar watching TV. A game show is in progres and the TV sound is loud. Ben finishes his drink and grim before indicating to the barman that he'd like a repeat. Barman pours him a whiskey — Cranberry — and the camera moves in closer to Ben, ending in a close-up. Ben takes a big hit from the drink and concentrates on the TV. We hea from the TV sound that it is a word game with a big prize Ben smiles to himself.
7) 2) dialog: As he finishes that drink and asks for another. The camer moves in close on his eyes.
7) 10) dialog: 
7) 12) dialog: I'l think about it. He looks back at the screen, but the show has returned to what is known as "normal". He finishes his drink and then attack of nausea hit him. He takes a deep breath and roll his neck and his head. The barman puts down a fresh drink Ben looks at his own hands... which are steady.
8) 0) text: Ben sitting ata desk with a phone wedged on his ear, a cu of black coffee on the desk. The walls are covered with f film posters and one complete wall has shelves jammed wit scripts. He nods from time to time and sometimes says 'ye or ‘OK’, but it becomes clear that there is no one on the other end. He drinks from the coffee cup. A woman comes u to his desk, a business colleague. She puts a wad of mess down on the desk.
8) 1) dialog: Yeah, but what's the back end like? By the time we're through with P and A, the above-the-ine is going to take it to about fifteen and with something like this... | don't know if Disney will go for it... can | call you back on this? OK... chow for now. (to the woman) Good morning.
8) 3) dialog: (pulling himself together) I'm fantastic, but | gotta go out now... very important meeting, could make a coupla million for the company. Ben gets up and as he passes her he grabs her and dances few steps. It is clear that she likes Ben, but when his f gets close to hers she smells the alcohol on his breath a she turns away. Ben stops dancing and smiles sadly. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
8) 4) text: (tender) Ben?
8) 5) dialog: What?
9) 0) text: Ben is sitting opposite his boss, Mr. Simpson, who is ver upset. He hands Ben an envelope. Ben opens it and pulls o a check. He looks at the amount.
9) 1) dialog: (genuinely moved) This is to generous Peter.
9) 3) dialog: (ashamed) Sure thing...and I'm sorry. Ben takes a swig from his coffee cup.
9) 5) dialog: | thought | might move out to Las Vegas. Simpson looks puzzled.
9) 6) dialog: The bars never close.
9) 8) dialog: Ben drives though Beverly Hills. He pours the content of small bottle of vodka into an empty Coke can, puts the em bottle under the seat and then drinks from the can. He slips a tape into the player and we hear "Lonely Teardrops", by Michael McDonald, one of Ben's favorite so At a traffic light a cop on a bike pulls up next to him a Ben takes a pull from the Coke can and smiles, mouths the word "hot". The cop nods back at him, the light changes a they both pull away.
9) 12) dialog: Beautiful, no just the shape which is nice, but the whole walk, the feeling, the movement. This girl is pleased with herself. Maybe this is the only art | can appreciate... | Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca don't know if this is good or bad, but right now she is really beautiful. When I was a boy it would have been really important that she have a pretty face, to go with this body, | mean. | still would like to see her face, but her beauty is no dependent on her face. The dog gets interested in something on the sidewalk and bends down to pull at its collar.
9) 13) dialog: | wonder what kind of panties she's wearing. Shit, that's too specific, but... on the other hand, you can never be too specific... but then, the infinitesimal must be, by definition, as infinite as the infinite. Suddenly the girl stops. Ben catches up with her and cann resist looking into her face.
9) 14) dialog: God, she's so young. The girl sees Ben and smiles an innocent smile,
9) 16) dialog: Hi...
10) 0) text: Ben walks up to his house still carrying the paper bag. A young boy of about thirteen years of age is fixing a beat bike. Ben greets him.
10) 1) dialog: Hey, Brad... how's it going? Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
10) 2) text: Hey Ben. There were a couple of guys looking for you.
10) 3) dialog: What did they look like?
10) 5) dialog: How'd this happen?
10) 7) dialog: The news is not good, kid. This bit here... see there... it's broken. You need a new one.
10) 9) dialog: | don't know. I'll find out though. Ben gets up, picks up his bottles and heads for his house He looks back and Brad is sitting still by the bike, look totally dejected. This really seems to upset Ben.
11) 0) text: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca Ben is naked and the shower can be heard in the backgrou The house is austere, only the minimum of furnishing. He pours a large tumbler of vodka and takes a gulp, then top up the glass. He turns on the stereo, selects a record — Miles Davis, Kind of Blue — and puts it on the turntable. He turns on the cassette recorder and inserts a new blank tape. He puts the machine into the record mode. He kneels down next to the deck and with complete precision puts th needle on the second track without any problem. The music starts and continues through the next sequence.
12) 0) text: Ben is in the shower with the glass in his hand.
13) 0) text: Ben shaving with the glass in his hand. He does the area around his mouth first so that he can drink while he does the rest.
14) 0) text: Showered and shaved and wearing a smart dark suit, Ben lo handsome and normal. He selects another record and again sets up the cassette machine to record. He turns the ster up full and dances by himself while watching MTV silent. tries a turn which is a bit ambitious and loses his balan In slow motion we see him fall. Ben lies still on the flo He smiles to himself and decides top stay there for a whi
19) 0) text: Ben opens his eyes. The only light comes from the TV. The miles Davis record has got caught on a scratch and is repeating the sane phrase over and over again. He looks a his gold Rolex and then fingers the wedding band on his finger.
20) 0) text: Ben is sitting at the bar. He drinks a large glass of something very quickly and then immediately orders anothe He drinks this a little slower but still too quick, finis it and then orders another. He looks around the bar and s a woman sitting by herself, thirtyish, pretty and recepti She looks and sees Ben, and he smiles at her. She smiles right back. Ben talks across the bar.
20) 1) dialog: (charming) Good evening.
20) 3) dialog: I'm Benjamin... Ben. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
20) 4) text: I'm Teri. Ben walks over to where she is. She is pleased that this good-looking man has come over to make a play. She makes noise with her straw to indicate that her glass is empty.
20) 5) dialog: I'l get you another one... and me too. Mind if I join you? She watches him walk to the bar. He gets the drink and wa back to her. He sets the drinks down on the table and sit down. As he does so, his face gets close to hers and she smells the booze on him.
20) 7) dialog: But of course. She looks at him, a disappointed expression on her face. is no longer interested in being seduced by this man and this much is clear to Ben.
20) 8) dialog: Why don't we finish these and go to my apartment on the beach? She doesn't respond.
20) 9) dialog: We can watch a movie and I'll mix you up a gooey blender drink. Ben winces at his own words. He shakes his head.
20) 12) dialog: No, OK. Ben tries to stand and has to pull himself up by holding bar. It's a strange thing with drunks like Ben... when th up they have balance and timing, but when they're down it all falls apart. She starts to speak but then doesn't. A look of great sadness comes over her.
20) 15) dialog: (to himself) Maybe | shouldn't breathe so much, Teri. Ha... ha.
20) 17) dialog: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca Would you...? The barman shakes his head in disgust as he goes into the wallet and takes some money.
21) 0) text: Ben is cruising in his car, listening to music on his ste
22) 0) text: Ben comes into the club and sits down next to the stage, where a dancer is doing her thing accompanied by a live b trio. A swimsuited waitress comes to the table.
22) 2) dialog: Yes, | heard, and it's not a problem.
22) 4) dialog: What are my choices?
22) 6) dialog: No alcohol?
22) 10) dialog: ..Noooo.
22) 12) dialog: No.
22) 14) dialog: No.
22) 16) dialog: No.
22) 18) dialog: Water?
22) 20) dialog: (decides) Water. She writes down W.A.T.E.R. and walks away. Ben calls her Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca back.
22) 21) dialog: Just how much would it cost for you to eighty-six me?
22) 24) dialog: (polite) Could | have fives please? Keep one for yourself. This throws the Waitress for a loop.
23) 0) text: Ben drinks all of a fifth of bourbon. Other guys come and go, pissing against the urinal. Ben offers one of the guy drink, the pianist from the trio. He takes a shot.
24) 0) text: Ben sits next to another man watching the show. On stage tall blonde dances with her own reflection in a mirror. B turns to his neighbor. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
25) 0) text: Ben drives in his car.
26) 0) text: Ben is cruising in his car, listening to 'Lonely Teardrop again. He's looking for a prostitute. He sees a girl, but when he slows down she ducks into a doorway. He looks in his rear-view mirror and sees a cop car comin up fast. Ben panics for a second. There is a bottle betwe his legs. The cop car draws level and cruises alongside h for a while, but then puts its lights and siren on and sp off, doing a U-turn. Ben continues and then sees an Hispanic girl and stops. H winds down the window. He is by now almost incoherent.
26) 1) dialog: Good evening.
27) 0) text: The girl looks up and down the street and then walks over the car and bends down to the window.
27) 2) text: (cut to the chase) I'l give you a hundred dollars for a straight forty-five minutes. You get the room. Ben shows her the money.
27) 4) dialog: OK... but only because | think that the concept of surrender fits in with the big picture right now. How about over there? He gives her a twenty and indicates a motel across the st She sets off and he gets out of the car. As he does, a wa of nausea hits him. He shakes his head violently and then lurches across the street, causing two cars to hit their brakes. The camera follows him into the dark parking lot the motel, where the Hispanic girl is waiting.
27) 5) dialog: (slurring badly) | canremembec... if mywifeleffme... or llleff her... bufuckittanyway... The girl laughs at Ben and says something in Spanish. Slowly the picture gets darker, until all that can be see is the headlights from the passing cars on Sunset... and then...
28) 0) text: Ben wakes up on the kitchen floor. The fridge door is ope and its light is what lights Ben. Inside the fridge are o green pepper and four bottles of vodka. Without too much effort Ben feels for his wallet and sees that it is still Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca there, as are his car keys. He closes the fridge door an the green light from the window he lies still. The first birds start singing. (the birdsong continues through the following sequence, which does not have sync sound.)
30) 0) text: Ben lying on the floor, thinking.
32) 0) text: Ben lying on the floor, thinking...
34) 0) text: Ben suddenly sits up and looks at his hand. His wedding r has gone. He thinks about this for a long time.
35) 0) text: Ben waiting in line to cash a check. He looks unwell and having difficulty standing straight. At last it is his tu He goes to the counter and hands over a check to the girl
35) 3) dialog: (surprised) You couldn't cash it just like it is?
35) 5) dialog: (embarrassed) Well... to tell you the truth, I'ma Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca little shaky right now. I just had a brain surgery... Why don't |come back after lunch, when I'm feeling a little better? We can take care of it then.
36) 0) text: Ben seated at the bar, a pile of bills in front of him. T Barman sets down a vodka, picks up the empty glass and ta some bills, shaking his head in disapproval. The TV is on some game show as before, and Ben watches carefully, look for a sign from the girl, but the show proceeds in its ‘normal fashion. The only difference is that the hostess played by the girl in the bank. Ben grabs the Barman's attention.
36) 1) dialog: | think, when I'm done with this, I'l have gin and tonic... Bombay gin and tonic. The Barman loses it.
36) 3) dialog: lunderstand what you're saying... | appreciate your concern. Its not my intention to make you uncomfortable. Please... serve me today and | will Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca never come in here again. (cheerful) If |do, you can eighty-six me.
37) 0) text: Ben waiting in line again. The same Bank girl is there an she is dealing with her customers in the same inanely che way that the game-show Hostess dealt with her prize-winne She notices Ben waiting and an irritated look flashes ove across her face. Ben studies her. She is pretty in an ord kind of way. We hear Ben's thoughts as voice-over (or may he says them out loud to himself).
37) 1) dialog: Are you desirable? Are you irresistible? Maybe if you drank bourbon with me, it would help. Maybe if you kissed me and I could taste the sting in your mouth, it would help. Close-up on the Bank Girl as she does her thing, efficien counting money, smiling, perfect teeth framed by a Cupid mouth. She is wearing a white blouse through which frilly lingerie can just be made out.
37) 2) dialog: If you drank bourbon with me naked... Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca if you smelled of bourbon as you fucked me, it would help... it would increase my esteem for you. If you poured bourbon on to your naked body and said to me... drink this... Camera moves in tighter on her face as she chats with a customer about the weather.
37) 3) dialog: ..lf you spread your legs and had bourbon dripping from your breasts and you vagina and said drink here... then | could fall in love with you, because then | would have a purpose, to clean you up, and that would prove that I'm worth something. I'd lick you clean so you could go away and fuck someone else.
37) 5) dialog: I'm back, I've got my check... and baby... I'm ready to sign. He flips the check over, makes sure she is watching and s with a flourish.
37) 6) dialog: There... Steady as a fucking rock, excuse my French. (serious) Wanna have dinner with me? She counts the money out and glares at him as she hands i over.
38) 0) text: Ben throws items into a trolley. Garbage bags, firelighte and charcoal lighter fluid.
39) 0) text: Ben putting all the kitchen utensils into a large garbage bag. Three other bags are already filled and the kitchen looking empty.
40) 0) text: Ben is stuffing all the bedding into a garbage bag. Next opens a drawer on the dresser and begins taking out cloth and stuffing them into another bag. He pauses for a momen to take a drink from a tall glass.
41) 0) text: All the books from the bookcase go into another bag. Then all the records. But he selects certain favorites and as this sequence progresses we can see that Ben is making ta of these tracks. As soon as he is done with the recording he throws the album into a garbage bag.
42) 0) text: Ben pours lighter fluid on to a pile of photographs and t throws a match on to it. It bursts into flames. He throws more stuff on and the fire blazes. A curious neighbor wat from a safe distance, not wanting too get involved. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
42) 2) dialog: Now the flames are high and Ben has to stand back as he t things on to the fire... his camera, an engraved box, his wife's ‘left behind’ clothing , a clock...
43) 0) text: Fifteen neatly tied garbage bags and Ben's furniture are stacked up on the sidewalk. Ben comes out of his front do carrying a racing bike. He walks to the neighbors' house places the bike on the porch. We see a label saying 'To B from Ben’. He walks to his black car with a small suitcas gets in and drives off.
45) 0) text: Through the window we see a dead straight road stretching infinity. The sunlight is painfully bright. On the soundtrack we he one of Ben's chosen tapes, which continues through into t next shot.
45) 2) text: Ben is filling his car. A Town Car drives in and stops ne to the BMW. Three men get out. They look like Russian Mobsters. Ben nods at them and they nod back.
46) 0) text: Same angle through the window but this time we see Las Ve at night as Ben drives down the main drag. An overdose of neon.
47) 0) text: Ahead we see the light changing, but Ben doesn't notice u it's almost to late. The car stops and we see Sera crossi in front of the car. She gives Ben a look of real attitud because he is over the line and she has to change course cross in front.
50) 0) text: Ben waits to check in while the manager explains the hous rules to a family of large people from the Midwest.
51) 0) text: Ben has almost filled a trolley with bottles of various brands. He is whistling and seems happy.
53) 0) text: Ben driving. He sees Sera and follows her, then drives up the sidewalk. She sees him.
53) 1) dialog: Hello!
53) 3) dialog: Are you working?
53) 6) dialog: (laughs) That's funny. (seriously) | wonder if you'll take two hundred and fifty dollars to fuck me? Sera doesn't say anything.
53) 7) dialog: That is, if you'll come to my room for an hour, | will give you five hundred dollars.
53) 10) dialog: (factual) Not really. My room's not far. The Whole Year Inn. You can drive with me if you want... She makes no response.
53) 11) dialog: ..or we can walk... or I'll give you cab fare. Takes out his money. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
53) 14) dialog: I'm Ben. They shake hands.
54) 0) text: Ben hands her the money.
54) 1) dialog: Sarah - with an H?
55) 2) dialog: We can go to one if you'd prefer.
55) 4) dialog: Well... 'm here because I'm a drunk who tends to pass out at odd hours for unpredictable stretches. I'm going to a hotel soon. A room with a balcony to pass out on... or off. He falls silent.
55) 6) dialog: Right, I'll get your door. | tend to fade in and out lately.
55) 8) dialog: You what?
56) 0) text: As Ben closes the door. Sera surveys the room.
56) 2) text: There are bottles everywhere. Ben has gone to a lot of tr to lay them out in a pleasing way.
56) 3) dialog: Do you think so? She turns and looks at him, appraising him. Suddenly she' all business, in control, and Ben likes it.
56) 5) dialog: Of course. She goes into the bathroom.
56) 6) dialog: Want a drink? I'm having one. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
56) 8) dialog: Of course. Ben smiles, happier than we've ever seen him. He gets her order ready and then he takes a big swig from a bourbon bottle. He sits on the edge of the bed. The bathroom door opens and Sera comes in wearing a black bra and panties. She's acting the hooker now, tough and s
56) 11) dialog: (confused) Maybe another drink first. More tequila?
56) 14) dialog: (sincere) | don't care about that. There's time left. You can have more money. You can drink all you want. You can talk or listen. Just stay, that's all | want. She looks at him, confused. She sees a strange look on hi face. It throws her. This is a turning point. Both of them are momentarily exp Ben lifts the sheet and moves to one side, indicating tha she should come into the bed. She's as confused as he is. She gets in with him and he hands her the bottle.
59) 2) dialog: No, I came here to drink... myself... you know...
59) 4) dialog: Yes, that's right. He looks at her, she at him, not sure whether to believe or not.
59) 5) dialog: | cashed in all of my money, paid my AmEx card, gonna sell the car tomorrow.
59) 7) dialog: | think about four weeks, and I've got enough for about two hundred and fifty to three hundred dollars a day.
59) 9) dialog: Yeah. And your meter just ran out. Ben looks at his watch.
59) 11) dialog: In LA [kept running out of booze and the store would be closed because I'd forget to look at my watch... so | decided to move here because nothing ever closes and because | got tired of getting funny looks when | would walk into a bar at six o'clock... even the bartenders started preaching. (yawns again) Here, everyone's from out of town so no one cares, no one is overtly fucking up
59) 13) text: Sera is in focus, Ben is asleep.
63) 0) text: The proprietor is handling over some cash to Yuri, whose jewelry is on the counter. He pockets it and as he turns leave, Ben comes in. They pass without taking much notice each other. Ben removes his Rolex and shows it to the man
67) 0) text: Sera at work is looking more carefully than usual, hoping see Ben. A huge silver limo pulls up and, after some negotiation, she gets in.
68) 0) text: Long-ens shot of Ben, very drunk on the street. He falls and lies still for quite a long time before getting up. H falls into the road and tries to hail a cab, but none sto Acop car cruises to a halt and Ben more or less imitates normal person as he walks out of shot.
69) 0) text: Ben dives in and swims a length under water. He pulls him out and sits next to the large Midwestern family. The fat says hello and introduces his family to Ben. They are all very friendly. It's a nice atmosphere around this pool an for a moment Ben even looks healthy.
70) 1) text: Ben sitting at a bus stop, drinking out of a cocktail gla When he sees her he gets up, a little unsteadily.
70) 2) dialog: | couldn't remember what happened Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca last time. | was afraid that | might have been rude, or mean to you. He looks at her.
70) 3) dialog: If |was I'm sorry.
70) 5) dialog: I sold it this morning. I'm going to take cabs from now on in. Sera looks up and down the strip.
70) 6) dialog: Don't run away.
70) 9) dialog: | was looking for you tonight. | don't know if you have a boyfriend... He thinks.
70) 10) dialog: ..or a girlfriend, but if you have some free time... maybe we could have dinner.
70) 12) dialog: (deadly serious) | think you know I'm serious. I'll pay you if you like... but I'd like to see you.
73) 0) text: Ben is lying on the bed watching a game show, drinking. A coughing fit hits him. He is very short of breath. We s how ill he really is. There is a tap at the door. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
73) 1) text: No thanks... I'm fine. The tapping persists and eventually Ben gets off the bed unlocks it, but keeps the chain on. It is Sera.
73) 3) dialog: Yes.
73) 6) dialog: You do?
74) 0) text: Sera is finishing in the shower and Ben is sitting at the kitchen table. He gets up and walks around the house, try to get a sense of her. The furniture is very plain and th is spartan quality about the hose. He looks with interest the bookshelf, which has a good selection of literature.
74) 1) dialog: (to himself) This is the home of an angel.
74) 6) dialog: Of course. Wow... you look extremely beautiful.
74) 8) dialog: Don't know. My watch went the way of the car. He holds up his empty wrist for her to see. Then looks up and sees her watching him.
74) 9) dialog: I'm rambling. | really like you. You make me want to talk... | don't know what time it is.
74) 11) dialog: Do they have drinks?
74) 13) text: Ben and Sera walk and talk.
75) 0) text: Ben and Sera are eating. He plays with his food, eating v little of it. Finally he pushes it away and orders anothe drink.
75) 2) dialog: ls that really what you want to ask me?
75) 4) dialog: (worried) Well, then | guess this is our first date... or our last. Until now, | wasn't sure it was either.
75) 7) dialog: Interesting choice of words. | don't remember. | just know that | want to.
75) 9) dialog: Or killing myself as a way to drink. Sera continues to stare at him, wanting to know the real answer. He takes a slug from his drink. She sits back.
75) 10) dialog: We'll talk about it some other time maybe. OK? Sera relaxes and continues with her food. We hear her tho for a moment.
75) 12) dialog: What are you thinking? Are you angry Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca with me?
75) 14) dialog: That's astonishing. Sera, look...
75) 17) dialog: (overwhelmed by her) I'm going to move to a smart hotel, tomorrow if it'll make you feel better. (looks at her) Let's talk about tomorrow. Wanna do something?
75) 19) dialog: Sera... you know I'm not much good in the sack.
76) 0) text: Ben and Sera walk and talk, holding hands.
78) 0) text: Ben is asleep on the sofa. As he wakes up, he becomes awa that Sera is watching him from across the room. They smil at each other.
78) 1) dialog: How long have I been here?
78) 3) dialog: | don't know. (sits up) I'l go and sort it out today. Why don't you come?... We'll find a real room for me. You can pick it out, a tower on the strip.
78) 5) dialog: What do you mean? Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
78) 7) dialog: Sera...
78) 9) dialog: Me neither.
78) 11) dialog: Sera you are crazy.
78) 13) dialog: Don't you think you'll get a little bored living with a drunk?
78) 15) dialog: You haven't seen the worst of it. These last few days I've been very controlled. | knock things over... | throw up all the time. (looks at her) Now | feel really good... You're like some kind of antidote that mixes Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca the liquor and keeps me in balance, but that won't last forever. You'll get tired of it really quickly. Believe me. They sit in silence for a while.
78) 19) dialog: (devastated) Don't be silly? Ben is unable to deal with the fact that he is absolutely love with her. He walks out of the room. She follows.
78) 22) dialog: Sera... what you don't understand is...
78) 24) dialog: You can never... never... ask me to stop drinking. Do you understand?
79) 0) text: Ben is packing his liquor into his suitcase. The almost-e bottles he pours into a large cup, which he drinks from. suitcase is now full and Ben suddenly realizes that he ha packed any clothes. They are all in a pile on the bed. He talks to himself.
79) 1) dialog: Maybe this isn't a good idea after all. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca He tries to put clothes in with the bottles, but the lid won't close. He sits on the bed and has an imaginary conversation with Sera.
79) 2) dialog: Listen, angel... the thing is that I'm nuts about you and this is a bad thing... because my real plan is to die here and you were never even part of my plan... but like | said, I'm nuts about you... wait a minute, Ihave an idea, angel. And he opens the closet and finds some plastic laundry ba which he puts his clothes in.
80) 4) text: (gallantly) Well, call me if there's anything | can do. They go to their own house. Sera opens the front door, kn down next to Ben and shakes him gently.
80) 6) dialog: Hi!
80) 8) dialog: Right... OK... Ben stands and almost loses his balance. He picks up his suitcase and attempts to pick up her packages as well, bu she stop him.
80) 10) dialog: Want a drink? Great nap. Wanna go out tonight?
80) 14) dialog: lused to carry a lot of keys, but one by one they all fell victim to the great condensation. Now | have just this one... which is... And he tails off and stares at the floor. She waits for h to continue and then comes to him and touches him on the arm.
81) 2) dialog: Sorry. He shakes his head.
81) 3) dialog: Iwas miles away. He sees the parcels.
81) 4) dialog: Ah... more gifts. |have to sit down for this. He strides into the living room and flops on to the sofa. She follows.
81) 5) dialog: Sera, | love that name... S.E.RA. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca Before we proceed onwards, there is something I need to say. OK?
81) 8) dialog: I've come this far... here | am, in your house. | want you to let me pay the rent for this month. All right? And he stares at her as if to say that nothing can happen until this matter is resolved.
81) 10) dialog: Because... it's better for me that way. OK?
81) 12) dialog: Sera... |hope that you understand how | feel about this. First of all, you're welcome to my money. We can buy a couple of cases of liquor and you can have the rest. But | don't think you're talking to me right now about money.
81) 14) dialog: No. I think you're talking about you. I'll tell you right now that I'm in love with you... but, be that Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca as it may, I'm not here to force my twisted life into your soul.
81) 16) dialog: ..and I'm not here to demand your attention to the point where it changes your life. We know I'ma drunk... but that seems to be all right with you. And | know that you're a hooker. | hope you understand that I'm a person who is totally at ease with this... which is not to say that I'm indifferent or that | don't care... | do... it simply means that I trust and accept your judgement. What I'm saying is... that | hope you understand that | understand.
81) 18) dialog: Ah, yes... Suppose sooner or later we ought to fuck.
81) 21) dialog: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca Very nice. He holds the shirt against himself.
81) 22) dialog: This should work very nicely with my suit, which, by the way, is the only item of clothing | brought over from the motel with me. Sera raise an eyebrow.
81) 24) dialog: (laughing) I threw them into the garbage, which was perhaps immoral, but | wanted to come to you clean, so to speak. | thought we could go shopping and pick up a pair of jeans and forty- five pairs of underwear and just throw them out each day.
81) 27) dialog: Well... looks like I'm with the right girl. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca He turns it in his hands.
81) 28) dialog: | must say that I'm very impressed that you would buy this for me. | know you wouldn't do this without thinking about it. Funny... you did just what | would have done. Ben stands and tries the flask in his pocket for fit. It fine. He walks to the door.
81) 29) dialog: I'm going to fill it right now.
81) 31) dialog: | hadn't planned to gamble... but if you would keep the bulk of my money here, then | could safely blow a couple of hundred bucks. He takes out all of his money, peels off a few hundreds a then gives her the rest.
81) 32) dialog: Giving you money makes me want to come.
81) 35) dialog: When?
82) 0) text: Ben and Sera walking. The camera follows them. He is wear his new shirt and looks good in it. She is wearing a gree dress and mismatched earrings and looks great. They walk talk.
82) 1) dialog: Ilike your earrings. He changes sides.
82) 2) dialog: | like women who wear mismatched earrings.
82) 4) dialog: (laughs) What do you mean?
82) 6) dialog: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca And I only have eyes for you. And we both know that you would never become romantically involved with a trick, right?
83) 0) text: They walk around the huge space, which is full of people energy, and suddenly Ben grabs Sera and pushes her agains slot machine and kisses her deeply. At first she resists then she gives in to him and responds. They knock over so change, which falls to the floor, and Ben pulls from her beat to bend down and scoop up all the change and hand it the bemused player, before returning to Sera's mouth or m They break for air and then Ben leads her towards the bar As he waves to attract the barman's attention, she squeez his arm.
84) 0) text: Ben wakes up on the sofa, fully dressed. A nightlight giv a soft glow. He rolls off the sofa, landing on all fours the floor. He crawls to the kitchen, opens the fridge doo and takes out a vodka bottle and carton of orange juice. With difficulty he gets to his feet, finds a glass and po a drink. He swallows the mix and then stands over the sin just in case he has to vomit.
85) 0) text: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca Sera wakes and Ben comes in and gets into bed with her.
85) 2) dialog: Very well... umm... |never expected to have to ask you this again... but how did our evening go? | remember getting to the casino... | remember kissing you... that was really nice but everything after that is a blank.
85) 4) dialog: Oh, and what did you do?
85) 6) dialog: That's impressive. How did you do Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca that?
85) 8) dialog: We?
85) 10) dialog: (holds her hand) What happened then?
85) 12) dialog: | warned you... (kisses her hand) ..but I'm sorry.
85) 14) dialog: That's amazing. What are you? Some sort of angel visiting me from one of my drunk fantasies? How can you be so good? She turns away to the wall and curls up like a small girl
85) 16) dialog: Why don't you go back to sleep. I'll go out and buy us some breakfast.
85) 18) dialog: Don't worry. As he leaves the room, she calls after him.
85) 20) dialog: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca | know.
86) 0) text: Ben gets out of his cab and walks up to the doorway ofa grocery store. It is locked. Ben looks at his wrist and t remembers that he no longer has a watch. He looks around, sees something and exits frame.
87) 0) text: Ben enters and makes his way to the bar. This is a dirty, dark place. An ageing blonde in leather hot pants is danc by herself at the jukebox. A very drunk Biker Couple argu noisily in a corner, slurring their words. There is not m gambling taking place at the eight slot machines. Ben sit at the bar and the Bartender slaps down a paper napkin.
87) 1) dialog: A beer and a double kamikaze please.
87) 3) dialog: Not quite yet. First | have to drink myself sober, then... a few crackers, maybe an egg and toast... The Bartender walks away to get Ben's drinks, Ben continu anyway.
87) 4) dialog: ..then I'll go home with the groceries and we'll have breakfast together, and that'll make her feel better about my condition... Ben is interrupted by the arrival of the Biker Girl. She young tough and pretty. She puts an arm around him and pr against him. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
87) 7) dialog: (loudly) Do you mind if | buy her a drink?
87) 9) dialog: Maybe | could buy you both a drink?
87) 12) dialog: Barman? A rum and Coke, please. The Girl leans with her back to the bar, closer to Ben, w is facing the bar ona stool. She brings her face closer t Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca his.
87) 14) dialog: You mean move in with me? Isn't this a bit sudden?
87) 16) dialog: (smiling) | don't think my wife would dig it too much. She moves to his ear to whisper.
87) 18) dialog: See, the thing is... fucking you would be wonderful, but |am deeply in love with Sera... The Biker throws down his beer can and walks towards the bar.
87) 19) dialog: ..and it's almost impossible for me to imagine being with someone else... The Biker arrives at the bar and grabs Ben.
87) 24) dialog: I'm sorry... but she and | have decided to spend a few hours together inamo- The Biker headbutts Ben in the face, sending him crashing off his stool to the floor. His head cracks against the t floor. The Biker walks over to him, picks him up by his s front and punches him in the nose. Blood sprays on to his face. The Biker walks out of the bar. The Girl follows hi quickly. The Bartender takes a wet towel and walks over t where Ben is struggling to get up, holding his face.
88) 0) text: Ben lets himself in with his key. He is carrying a big ba of groceries. His clothes are bloodstained. The Landlady watches from poolside.
88) 1) dialog: I'm back. He walks into the living room and finds Sera reading on t couch. She looks up and sees his face and his bloodstaine shirt.
88) 5) dialog: Absolutely not... ow... |was defending the honor of some poor Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca wayward maiden. She thinks about this for a moment and then kisses him on the forehead.
89) 0) text: Ben and Sera come out of a clothing store. Ben is wearing black jeans, red socks and a white dress shirt. They go u the 'up' escalator.
89) 2) dialog: OK, but remember that they wear it because they have to. | wear it because | want to. That'll make me look different. Let's get a drink. Ben somehow gets on the 'down' escalator, leaving Sera on the higher level.
89) 7) dialog: There was no time for me to write a card, with you breathing down my neck all day, so you'll just have to wing it, baby. He laughs and this induces a coughing fit. He downs his d and holds up the empty glass to let the waitress know she should bring another.
89) 8) dialog: Open it. She does so. It is a pair of onyx earrings. Black onyx se in white gold.
89) 10) dialog: | think you should wear one at a time. One of these... and one of your others. In fact, | was going to buy just one, but | didn't think it would fly... as a gift, | mean. His new drink arrives and he takes a swallow straight awa
89) 12) dialog: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca Yes... tonight. Put it on. She does so. Ben helps her, bringing his face down close hers.
89) 13) dialog: You'll be able to feel it, sharp and hot under your ear, as one of the brothers is driving your head, face down into one of the penthouse pillows. They are both suddenly deeply shocked by what he has said They sit in silence for a while. Sera is close to tears. gets up suddenly, puts down a couple of bills and walks a from the table. When he is almost at the door Sera gets u and quickly tries together up all of the packages.
89) 17) dialog: Why?
90) 2) dialog: Can we just forget it?
90) 4) dialog: Can we just ignore it? They stop and look at each other. The PA system gives an inane message.
90) 5) dialog: Please!
90) 7) dialog: Thank you, Sera.
90) 9) dialog: No... we already talked about that.
92) 0) text: Ben is watching TV and drinking.
94) 0) text: Sera comes into the room. Ben looks up at her and sucks i his breath.
94) 1) dialog: Wow. She walks over to him and takes his head and places it be her breasts and kisses the top of his head.
94) 2) dialog: Maybe | should follow you around and ask one of your tricks what it's like to sleep with you.
94) 6) dialog: You be careful to. I'm going to miss you.
96) 0) text: Ben lying down with people walking past and over him.
98) 0) text: Sera is a very good swimmer and we see that Ben must have been quite an athlete. They look at each other under wate They're under water for a long time. Ben exhales. Sera pu him towards the surface. Ben and Sera come to the surface. Ben has swallowed water and has a coughing fit. Sera hugs him until the fit passe The camera moves in tighter on them and music gives the m a strange chill.
99) 0) text: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca Ben and Sera are watching the TV next to the pool. They sitting in reclining chairs. Inn the distance a coyote ho
99) 2) dialog: Last spring | happened to walk past a house that | had once patronized. There was a cool breeze blowing off the ocean and through the window | could see a bare leg. The girl must have been taking a break between customers. It was a strange moment for me because it reminded me of my mother and despite the fact that | Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca was late for something already | just stayed there, loving the atmosphere of it and my memory and... the reason I'm telling you this epilogue is that | felt that I'd come full circle.
99) 4) dialog: Fifth and Mayflower. You know it?
99) 6) dialog: like it here with you.
99) 8) dialog: 
100) 0) text: Ben mixes a cocktail for himself, then one for Sera. The camera follows him as he goes...
101) 2) dialog: | didn't know I'd ever need it again. Sera gets up, takes a drink and then walks to the diving board. As she takes a position at the end, she pulls the bathing suit out from her bottom, does a very natural div into the pool, swims a length under water and then comes near Ben, pulls herself out of the pool in one move and b down and kisses Ben for a long time. Ben responds and kis back. There is no one else around the pool. The kiss becomes heated and urgent and Sera sits on Ben, making him wet from her. He pushes the top of her suit do and kisses her breasts. She picks up the glass and drinks letting the alcohol spill from her mouth, over her breast Ben drinks from her.
101) 3) dialog: Take this off. He tries to pull her swimsuit down.
101) 5) dialog: Whoops. Sera picks up her towel and lays it down next to him. She kneels and helps him up, trying to pullout the little bit of glass sticking to him. Ben stands unsteadily. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
104) 0) text: Ben wakes from a dream. He is fully clothed and very agit Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
106) 0) text: Ben's hands are sweating and it's difficult for him to ke hold of the bottle as he drinks. He gets most of it down then he hunches over the sink and immediately vomits. He takes the second bottle and tries again.
107) 0) text: Still holding the bottle, Ben stands in the shower. He dr some more and closes his eyes.
108) 0) text: Ben enters, smartly dressed and smiling.
108) 1) dialog: I think I'm ready for the rice!
109) 0) text: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca Ben and Sera sitting opposite each other. He has a bowl rice, which he is pretending to eat in between sips of vo She has a bowl of vegetables and rice. She sits, silently for a while, and then puts down her chopsticks.
109) 4) dialog: Sera... 'm not going to see a doctor. Sera continues to look at him almost defiantly.
109) 5) dialog: Maybe it's time | moved to a hotel.
109) 7) dialog: Will you lighten up, please?
110) 0) text: Ben walks by himself. He is deep in thought.
111) 0) text: Ben recklessly bets two hundred dollars at the craps tabl and wins. As he leans forward to collect his winnings, he sees...
111) 1) text: ..a Blonde ina very low-cut outfit. She smiles at Ben and walks around the table to pick him up. Ben puts all of hi winnings on one bet and wins again. This pattern repeats few times and drinks are on the house.
111) 3) text: I'd like to fuck you. A few people hear Ben and the Blonde is almost put off, b he does have about eight thousand dollars in winnings and she leans in very close so that she can talk quietly.
111) 5) dialog: How much to lick your pussy? The Blonde picks up a sizeable stack of chips and looks a Ben.
112) 1) text: In one fluid movement the naked blonde gets off the semi- conscious Ben, pulls her dress over her head and walks pa Sera. Moments later we hear the front door slam. Ben come to and looks at Sera. He is more or less unaware of what just happened.
112) 2) dialog: Hello...
112) 5) dialog: (remembering) Yes... | guess | knew that. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca Ben gets out of the bed. He picks up the bottle on the b table and stands.
112) 6) dialog: Perhaps | could crash on the couch for a few hours... and then I'll leave. He walks out of the room and closes his the door. Camera moves in on Sera. She covers her face with her hands. She drops her purse and slides down the wall to the floor, we quietly.
113) 0) text: Ben coming out of a liquor store with a large brown bag.
115) 0) text: Ben is on all fours in the bathroom trying to vomit. His thin frame is heaving. Bottles everywhere.
126) 0) text: The desk clerk is wearing a shirt of Ben's that we recogn from an earlier scene.
127) 0) text: Sera walks alone. She's dejected as she looks for Ben.
129) 0) text: Sera is sitting on a freshly-painted red kerb. She smokes cigarette and doesn't give a damn that her short skirt is somewhat revealing. Opposite her a bum is sleeping on the pavement. For a moment it looks like Ben. The camera come in tight on to her face. She looks more lost that we've e seen her. She drinks coffee from a styrofoam cup. The sun bright and hot and traffic is noisy.
133) 0) text: The door opens. Ben is naked. His body looks bad. Leaving the door open, he retreats to the bed.
134) 0) text: Sera comes in, closing the door behind her. The shades ar drawn and the room is gloomy. Ben has got back into bed. comes to the bed and sits.
134) 2) dialog: | wanted to see you...
134) 4) dialog: | wanted to see you... you're my angel. He sits up painfully and finds a bottle, summoning up som last strength to drink. His entire body shudders as he dr the bottle. He puts it down and focuses on her for the fi time. He sees her damaged face, touches her face, looks a her questioningly.
134) 6) dialog: I'm sorry | put us asunder. She shakes her head, unable to speak for the moment. She gets into bed with him, kissing his face. She caresses hi whole body, which is shaking, possessed by an uncontrolla fever.
134) 7) dialog: See how hard you make me angel. She excites him with her hand, kissing his face gently. W he is about to come, she straddles him and brings him ins As he comes, he opens his eyes wide and looks at her. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
134) 12) dialog: Oh... I'm so sorry... He smiles and turns his head away. He is very still.
135) 0) text: In the darkened room we can just make out Sera sitting on the bed, looking at the still form of Ben.