1) 0) text: A mixture of businessmen and gamblers creates a sense of activity and superficial excitement. Music wafts across t soundtrack, almost drowned by the dense texture of thousa of slot machines, creating an insane New Age symphony. Credit sequence ends. Into the lobby from the street comes Sera. It's hard to tell how old Sera is - somewhere between twe five and thirty-five. She is a beautiful American girl. H face has the freshness of a model ina Sears catalogue. Sh is dressed simply in a short black skirt and matching jac High heels complete the picture. Heads turn as she passes a group of businessmen and it's clear they find her very sexy. She acknowledges their gla with a half-smile and steps into the elevator. She could be a secretary, or a PA to one of the many exec here in Las Vegas at a convention. The body language is a bit different, though.
2) 2) text: Sera looks at herself in the gold-tinted mirror in the elevator. She takes out a lipstick and freshens her lips. Some people get out and the elevator climbs higher. We se from the indicator that she has punched the Penthouse but Camera moves in tighter and we see that she is nervous bu concealing it well. The elevator stops, the doors open an she steps right into the Penthouse.
3) 11) dialog: (whispering) Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca Yuri... please! Can | talk to you for a moment. Still smiling, he takes Sera's arm and leads her into the bedroom.
4) 1) dialog: | don't want this. Yuri, please. | really don't want this. You know | don't like to do groups.
4) 3) dialog: Please, Yuri. He holds put his arms. Sera goes to him. He hugs her with one arm. He pulls up her skirt so that her panties are exposed.
5) 0) text: Yuri and Sera — different time, different place. Sera loo frightened, backing away from Yuri, who pulls a switchbla from his jacket and opens it.
15) 0) text: Sera wakes up in bed next to Yuri. (The camera is high ab the bed looking down.) She is completely drenched in swea A thin shaft of light comes from the crack in the drapes falls across their bodies. Other than that, the room is i darkness. To get out of bed she would have to climb over Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca him. She lies still. Yuri speaks without opening his eyes...
15) 2) dialog: I'm older now, Yuri. He puts his hand between her legs, over the sheets and gr her there.
15) 4) dialog: (tensing a little) I've been all right.
15) 7) dialog: (flat voice) lam lonely, Yuri. He begins thrusting into her.
15) 9) dialog: | had a new dress... we were at the Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca fair, Daddy bought me an ice-cream and | spilt it on my dress...
16) 0) text: Sera is sitting on a sofa talking to an unseen person. (Although it is no entirely clear when this is taking pla the sense of it is that we are in present, i.e. all the e in the film are in the past tense.)
16) 1) dialog: ..Mom was with Helen, and Dad looked around first to see if she was watching and then he scraped it all off and threw it on the grass and then he kissed me and hugged me and told me it was all right...
16) 7) dialog: (quietly) Yes.
17) 0) text: Grainy black-and-white image. Sera on a bed, pinned down Yuri, who has a knife.
18) 2) dialog: Where have you been staying?
18) 4) text: But that is none of your affair. You will call this morning and book me into a hotel suite where | will make new contacts for us. The mood has changed and Sera does her best to move out o these dangerous waters.
18) 5) dialog: You'll need some money, then. Yuri nods. Sera rises goes to a kitchen drawers and finds money.
18) 7) dialog: (calmly) Yes, of course. How much do you need?
47) 0) text: Ahead we see the light changing, but Ben doesn't notice u it's almost to late. The car stops and we see Sera crossi in front of the car. She gives Ben a look of real attitud because he is over the line and she has to change course cross in front.
48) 0) text: Sera is talking to Yuri. A middle-aged man gets out of a and Yuri shakes him by the hand and introduces him to Ser He hands Yuri an envelope and then Sera and he go into th hotel together. Yuri looks around thoughtfully before get into a cab and driving off.
53) 0) text: Ben driving. He sees Sera and follows her, then drives up the sidewalk. She sees him.
53) 2) dialog: Hello.
53) 4) dialog: (tough) Working? What do you mean, working? I'm walking. And she walks a few steps to prove it, stopping on the passenger side of his car. They pause for a moment and Be Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca is confused. He is quite taken with her beauty, but this not going according to plan. He reaches into the car quic and picks an open can of bee, draining it before tossing empty back on to the rear seat.
53) 5) dialog: Isn't it illegal to drink and drive?
53) 8) dialog: Maybe you shouldn't stand in the road like that. You're pretty drunk. He bites his lips as he waits for her to respond.
53) 9) dialog: (softer) You're pretty drunk.
53) 13) dialog: Why don't you give me the money when I'm in the car, and I'll drive you. It takes a moment or two to register that she is saying y He comes around the car to open the door for her.
53) 15) dialog: I'm Sera. She gets in. Ben gets in.
54) 2) dialog: No -S.ERA. They grin at each other.
54) 3) dialog: You wanna start the engine? They drive off.
55) 3) dialog: No, this is fine. | was just wondering. Ben switches off the engine but makes no move to get out the car.
55) 5) dialog: Umm. We can stay in the car for an hour if you want. But | really have to go then. It's your time.
55) 7) dialog: I guess | do too.
55) 9) dialog: |sometimes fade out. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
55) 11) dialog: (gently) You were going to get my door. He gets out and she waits for him to open the door. She g out and he offers her his arm. She takes it and they walk into the motel.
56) 0) text: As Ben closes the door. Sera surveys the room.
56) 1) dialog: (amused) What this room needs... is more booze.
56) 4) dialog: Mind if | use the bathroom?
56) 9) dialog: For two-fifty we can do pretty much what you want. You've been drinking, so it might be better if | got on top, but the other way's fine too. | have some jelly in case you want to fuck my ass, that's up to you. If you want to come in my face, that's OK too, just try to keep it out of my hair, | just washed it... and my eyes, it stings. She walks to the table and downs her tequila in one. Then comes to the bed, where Ben is sitting. She kneels, unzip his fly and begins sucking him. Ben watches her, looks at her reflection in the closet mirror, reaches for the bott and drinks some, being careful not to disturb Sera. After while Sera comes up.
56) 10) dialog: Do you want to fuck now?
56) 12) dialog: OK... whatever. She takes the bottle and drinks. She goes down again. Ben Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca stops her.
56) 13) dialog: What's the story? Are you too drunk to come?
59) 1) dialog: So, Ben, what brings you to Las Vegas? Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca Business convention? They both laugh and Ben hands her the bottle.
59) 3) dialog: To death?
59) 6) dialog: How long's it gonna take, for you to drink yourself to death?
59) 8) dialog: Yes... that should do it. What am I? A luxury?
59) 10) dialog: It's OK... nice watch. Go on. Talk some more. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca Ben yawns, suddenly deeply tired.
59) 13) text: Sera is in focus, Ben is asleep.
59) 14) dialog: I guess | was intrigued by him... There was a lot of stuff that | wanted to ask him about but didn't because | didn't want to sound too interested in a trick. But | felt as ifa relationship was being forged very quickly.
61) 0) text: Sera gets out of a cab and makes her way towards her apartment, changing out of her high heels as she walks.
62) 0) text: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca Sera lets herself in. Yuri is standing in the shadows. S gets a fright when she sees him.
62) 2) dialog: It was a slow night. | went to a hotel for a few drinks. Yuri holds out his hand for her bag. She gives it to him. finds the money and counts it.
62) 4) dialog: Like | said... it was a slow night... I'm sorry. It was hard to score. Yuri slaps her.
62) 5) dialog: Don't hit me.
62) 7) dialog: Maybe nobody wants to fuck a chick with a cut on her cheek. She throws the knife to Yuri, who catches it. She bends o the table and pulls up her skirt.
62) 8) dialog: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca There, go ahead! She mimics him. Ashower of Russian comes out of Yuri, but he doesn't touc her. He tries to regain his dignity by putting on a coat.
62) 11) dialog: | will Yuri. | will.
66) 0) text: A lounge singer belts out a fair rendition of a Tony Orla number. Sera sits at the bar, an empty seat on either sid of her. She watches a younger hooker in the final moments pulling a dangerous-ooking man. The girl is aware of Sera without even looking at her. The guy she is with looks ar and sees Sera. The girl shoots an icy look. A man sits ne to Sera: a conventioneer.
66) 2) dialog: Yes, that would be great. Are you her for the convention?
66) 4) dialog: No, of course not, just a wild guess. I'm Sera and that's a margarita. The barman is already pouring. The young hooker leaves wi her dangerous guy. She pauses long enough to give Sera a nasty smile. The conventioneer pays for the drink and is little lost for words. Sera tries to help.
66) 5) dialog: So... are you alone, or are you just using me to make someone else jealous?
66) 7) dialog: (friendly) Where are you staying? Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
66) 9) dialog: (moving a little closer) Well... | thought you might be looking for a date.
66) 11) dialog: (quietly) I'm sorry, | guess | misunderstood. She looks around.
66) 12) dialog: Please don't raise your voice. | won't bother you about it again.
66) 15) text: Maybe you should give it a miss for this evening. He walks away. Sera finishes her drink and leaves.
67) 0) text: Sera at work is looking more carefully than usual, hoping see Ben. A huge silver limo pulls up and, after some negotiation, she gets in.
70) 0) text: A limo pulls up and Sera gets out. She sees something.
70) 4) dialog: No, just drunk... but that's OK. Where's your car?
70) 7) dialog: (defensive) Why should I? | know you're not a cop, so whatis it tonight? Another two-fifty to watch you sleep? Ben sits down, a little hurt.
70) 8) dialog: What's up?
70) 11) dialog: (tough again, but Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca pleased) Are you serious.
70) 13) dialog: No, I can't have dinner with you. And she hails a taxi, which stops immediately and she get in.
70) 14) dialog: The Mojave Hotel, please. Ben watches the cab drive off.
71) 0) text: Sera walks along, checking numbers on the doors. She find the right one and knocks firmly.
71) 2) dialog: I's me, Yuri. The door opens a crack and Yuri peers out.
72) 0) text: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca Sera comes into the room, takes her purse out and counts seven hundred dollars.
72) 1) dialog: Sorry, Yuri... good night... lots of tricks... | think things are picking up. Yuri sits on the bed. He looks unwell and disoriented. Hi face is covered with a thin film of sweat. He seems to be listening for something, because he stops her talking by putting his fingers to his lips. He looks at her and then beckons her to the bed. Sera is nervous. As she walks to bed, she begins unbuttoning her blouse. Yuri stops her wi a wave of his hand. Sera is puzzled and frightened now. Y seems to be deranged.
72) 3) dialog: No. Yuri suddenly hears something. He grabs Sera's hand and t her to the wall. He presses her head to the wall.
72) 7) dialog: Yuri... are you... Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
72) 8) text: (patiently) Sera... please go. He indicates the wall.
72) 11) text: The men have stopped outside Yuri's room. The camera pans and we see Sera down the other corridor getting into the elevator.
73) 1) text: No thanks... I'm fine. The tapping persists and eventually Ben gets off the bed unlocks it, but keeps the chain on. It is Sera.
73) 2) dialog: Still want to have dinner? Ben stares at her for a while.
73) 4) dialog: Ihave to change and take a shower first. If you want to come home and wait. Ben opens the door.
73) 5) dialog: We should pick up a bottle of tequila on the way. | owe you one.
74) 0) text: Sera is finishing in the shower and Ben is sitting at the kitchen table. He gets up and walks around the house, try to get a sense of her. The furniture is very plain and th is spartan quality about the hose. He looks with interest the bookshelf, which has a good selection of literature.
74) 2) dialog: You OK out there? Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
74) 4) dialog: Pour yourself another drink. He sits down and she comes in, toweling her hair.
74) 5) dialog: You OK?
74) 7) dialog: Thank you. What time is it?
74) 10) dialog: llike hearing you talk. (businesslike) If you feel up to a short walk, there's a place to eat around the corner. All the food in Vegas is terrible so the place doesn't really matter. How does that sound to you?
74) 13) text: Ben and Sera walk and talk.
75) 0) text: Ben and Sera are eating. He plays with his food, eating v little of it. Finally he pushes it away and orders anothe drink.
75) 1) dialog: I'm from the East. | went to college, did an arts course. | now live in Vegas. | think of it as home. | came here deliberately to carve outa life. |was in LA before, but I'll come back to that later. (pause) The tough times are behind me now. | can deal with the bad things that happen. There will always be dark characters. But my life is good. It is as | would want it to be. So, why are you a drunk?
75) 3) dialog: Yes.
75) 5) dialog: Very clever. Sera thinks for a while and decides to give in to him on this. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
75) 8) dialog: Want to kill yourself? Are you saying that you're drinking as a way to kill yourself? And she leans across the table to be close to him, listen intently. Ben becomes uncomfortable and tries to joke it off.
75) 11) dialog: It wasn't so important to me. | mean, he never asked me why | was a hooker, and that was impressive. | really liked him. So | decided to just play my part. | mean... it's good to help someone once in a while, it's a bonus to being alive, and that was my plan... to stay alive. | suddenly came to a decision.
75) 13) dialog: (decides something) Ben, why don't you stay at my place tonight? | mean... look, you're so drunk. | like you. | trust you.
75) 15) dialog: | hate to think of you in that cheesy motel. | mean... And she folds her arms and grins at him.
75) 16) dialog: Let's face it, what the fuck are you doing in Las Vegas?
75) 18) dialog: (warmly) Sure... tonight. Then please stay at my place.
75) 20) dialog: It's not about sex, Ben. I'll make you up a bed on the sofa. Do it for me. We can talk till late and then sleep till late. As you know, lam my own boss. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca Ben laughs loud, the most animated we've seen him, and h laugh as infectious, and Sera join in. Other diners turn stare at them. They seem like a couple.
76) 0) text: Ben and Sera walk and talk, holding hands.
78) 0) text: Ben is asleep on the sofa. As he wakes up, he becomes awa that Sera is watching him from across the room. They smil at each other.
78) 2) dialog: Three nights, two days. When is your rent coming up at the motel?
78) 4) dialog: There's no reason to blow all your money ona hotel room.
78) 8) dialog: Let's face it, Ben, we're having fun here. I've never done so much talking in my life.
78) 10) dialog: So! Let's dispense with the formalities. | want you here... now!
78) 12) dialog: So... I'm not too concerned with long term plans.
78) 14) dialog: That is what | want. Why don't you go and get your stuff?
78) 16) dialog: OK, you go back to your hotel and I'l go back to my glamorous life of being alone. She walks out of the room, and into the bathroom, where s sits on the toilet to pee.
78) 17) dialog: (to herself) The only thing | have to come home to is a bottle of Listerine to wash the taste of come out of my mouth. I'm tired of being alone... that's what I'm tired of. She finishes, wipes herself and flushes the toilet. Pulli up her panties, she walks back into the bedroom, where Be is putting on his shoes.
78) 18) dialog: Don't you like me, Ben?
78) 20) dialog: We gotta decide this... right now. Before we go any further. You either stay here with me or... Ben turns to look at her.
78) 21) dialog: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca ..we can't see each other any more. Ben and Sera look at each other for a long time.
78) 23) dialog: What? Ben is deeply troubled. He comes to a decision.
78) 25) dialog: (dead serious) Ido. I really do. (smiles) OK. | have to do some shopping alone. You go out for a few drinks and then pick up your things. Don't hurry and I'l be back before you to let you in. Sera grabs him in a big embrace that knocks him off balan and into the wall. She kisses him all over his face and squeezes his skinny frame.
80) 0) text: Sera's neighbors, a husband and wife, are standing outsid her house. They stop her. They are also her landlord.
80) 3) dialog: Yes, he's my friend. | guess he just had a little too much to drink. (smiling uncomfortably) I'l help him inside. (puts down her packages) Thanks for the concern. Sorry to trouble you. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
80) 4) text: (gallantly) Well, call me if there's anything | can do. They go to their own house. Sera opens the front door, kn down next to Ben and shakes him gently.
80) 5) dialog: Can you wake up? Ben opens his eyes and looks around with a pleasant, chee expression.
80) 7) dialog: Why don't you go in and sit down. | have some gifts for you.
80) 9) dialog: Don't worry... | got'em. Ben staggers in with his case. As Sera enters, she looks around and sees Husband and Wife at the window, still watching.
80) 11) dialog: Seriously, Ben... need to keep pretty low-key around here. Maybe next time you could nap this side of the door. That was the landlord. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
80) 13) dialog: Gift number one. And she gives him a newly cut key. He takes it and tries in the lock, then drops it into his pocket.
81) 1) dialog: Ben?
81) 6) dialog: 
81) 9) dialog: Why?
81) 11) dialog: Well... OK... She is uncomfortable. They sit in silence for a while.
81) 13) dialog: (smiling) No?
81) 15) dialog: | know that...
81) 17) dialog: Thanks, | do understand. | was worried about how that would be... but now I'm not. And you should know that included with the rent here is a complimentary blow job.
81) 19) dialog: Whatever that means. Open your presents. She hands him the larger of the two parcels.
81) 20) dialog: Open this one first. Ben awkwardly unwraps the present, a large, colorful shir A genuine smile comes on to his face.
81) 23) dialog: Right... the suitcase was clinking. So what did you do with your clothes?
81) 25) dialog: (smiling) Nice talk, Ben. Keep drinking. In between the hundred and one proof breath and the occasional drool, some interesting words fall from your mouth. She hands him the last present.
81) 26) dialog: Now, try this one. Ben unwraps the smallest gift. It is a silver hip flask. is very touched and a little tear trickles down his cheek
81) 30) dialog: Do you want to go gambling tonight? We could go out and play for a few hours. Ben comes back into the room, takes the flask out of his suit pocket and has a drink.
81) 33) dialog: Then come. (pause) I'm going to change. Watch TV. I'll be half an hour. And she leaves. There is a slight edge to her voice and B is not sure if he offended her or not. He watches through Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca the small angle of the door as she changes.
81) 34) dialog: lam planning to go out and do some work.
81) 36) dialog: Tomorrow night as a matter of fact.
82) 0) text: Ben and Sera walking. The camera follows them. He is wear his new shirt and looks good in it. She is wearing a gree dress and mismatched earrings and looks great. They walk talk.
82) 3) dialog: Well, then... | hope we don't run into any tonight.
82) 5) dialog: | expect some kind of loyalty here. Just because | fuck for money doesn't give you cause to start picking up women and leaving me looking silly. And she stops and looks at him, smiling but serious.
83) 0) text: They walk around the huge space, which is full of people energy, and suddenly Ben grabs Sera and pushes her agains slot machine and kisses her deeply. At first she resists then she gives in to him and responds. They knock over so change, which falls to the floor, and Ben pulls from her beat to bend down and scoop up all the change and hand it the bemused player, before returning to Sera's mouth or m They break for air and then Ben leads her towards the bar As he waves to attract the barman's attention, she squeez his arm.
83) 1) dialog: (quietly) Ilove you. But he doesn't hear her.
85) 0) text: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca Sera wakes and Ben comes in and gets into bed with her.
85) 1) dialog: How are you doing?
85) 3) dialog: Well -| was prepared for worse, but it wasn't so bad. We were sitting at the bar, talking about blackjack. You seemed just fine, a little drunker than usual, but nothing really strange, but then your head started to droop and | put my arm on your shoulder and then, wham, you swung you arm at me, and fell backwards off your stool into a cocktail waitress. You smashed everything on her tray, it was a real mess. You kept yelling and yelling.
85) 5) dialog: I tried to shut you up and help you to your feet but you kept swinging at me — not like you wanted to hit me, but more just waving me away. Security came and when you saw them you stopped yelling. They wanted to carry you out and dump you on the street, but | talked them into letting me walk you out.
85) 7) dialog: I told them you were an alcoholic and | would take you home. | also promised that we would never come in there again.
85) 11) dialog: You were OK for a while, so we walked for about a block and then you said you wanted to go home and fuck, but | think even you knew that wasn't going to happen. We got a cab and you asked him to stop at a liquor store, even though | told you that we had plenty at home. In the store you gave the kid a hundred and told him to keep the change. | asked you if you knew it was a hundred. You said you did, so I let you do it. We got here, you fell asleep on the couch and | covered you up and came to bed.
85) 13) dialog: Here's my speech... (kisses his hand) ..| know this shouldn't be acceptable to me, but it is. Don't ask me why. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca I sense that your trouble is very big... and I'm scared for you... and so I'm doing what | think you need me to do. Falling down in casinos is little stuff. It doesn't bother me. It has nothing to do with us.
85) 15) dialog: | don't know what you're saying. I'm just using you. |need you. Can we not talk about it any more, please. Not another word. He thinks about this. He gently pushes her until she is l on her front and then he pulls up her nightdress and stro her naked back. He kisses her in the small of her back.
85) 17) dialog: Be careful. He stands and goes to the door.
85) 19) dialog: Ben, I'm working tonight. He opens the door and smiles at her.
88) 2) dialog: Oh, no! Oh, fuck, Ben, look at your face. You get in a fight? | thought you didn't fight. Goddammit. How do you feel? Wait here. Sit down. She goes to the bathroom and we hear her rummaging in the medicine cabinet.
88) 3) dialog: Did you stop at the bar? She comes back into the room, armed with bottles and cott wool.
88) 4) dialog: Did you say something stupid to someone stupid? She goes to work on his face, dabbing an open cut with so mercurochrome.
88) 6) dialog: Why don't you go and finish this in the bathroom. Take a shower and put on your other shirt. I'll fix breakfast and then we'll go shopping and get some new clothes. | think this suit must be unlucky.
89) 0) text: Ben and Sera come out of a clothing store. Ben is wearing black jeans, red socks and a white dress shirt. They go u the 'up' escalator.
89) 1) dialog: Very creative. Now we can get youa black bow tie and you can look like one of those casino dealers.
89) 3) dialog: Ben?
89) 9) dialog: (pleased) Your color.
89) 11) dialog: I'l wear them tonight... one of them. She looks at him, aware of what she has said, wondering h he is reacting. She smiles and Ben takes a deep swallow, finishing his drink. His mood suddenly changes.
89) 14) dialog: Ben, wait... please wait for me.
90) 1) dialog: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca What was that all about?
90) 3) dialog: | don't understand any of that.
90) 6) dialog: Yes... I'll give you that.
90) 8) dialog: Do you want me not to go tonight?
91) 0) text: Sera is preparing for work. In the background we can hear the TV next door. She dresses carefully. Black underwear, stockings, heels, a tight black skirt.
93) 0) text: Sera at the mirror, putting on her make-up. Her make-up i more pronounced than we have seen it before. Everything i Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca more extreme.
94) 0) text: Sera comes into the room. Ben looks up at her and sucks i his breath.
94) 3) dialog: They wouldn't know. She comes on to him.
94) 4) dialog: Maybe you should ask me sometime. I'd be happy to show you. She goes to the door.
94) 5) dialog: I'l be back home around three. If you're back by then we can watch TV or something... | guess what I'm saying is... that |hope you are back when | get home. Please be careful.
94) 7) dialog: Shall we go away for a couple of days? Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
95) 0) text: Sera walks through the lobby, looking for business.
98) 0) text: Sera is a very good swimmer and we see that Ben must have been quite an athlete. They look at each other under wate They're under water for a long time. Ben exhales. Sera pu him towards the surface. Ben and Sera come to the surface. Ben has swallowed water and has a coughing fit. Sera hugs him until the fit passe The camera moves in tighter on them and music gives the m a strange chill.
98) 1) dialog: Don't do that to me. Don't frighten me like that.
99) 0) text: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca Ben and Sera are watching the TV next to the pool. They sitting in reclining chairs. Inn the distance a coyote ho
99) 1) dialog: Years ago, in LA, | turned a trick on Sunset and Western. The guy was polite and didn't argue about the price. He parked his car and | took him to a house that | had an arrangement with. A fat Mexican woman was watching a TV and | told him to give her the twenty for the room. There were three or four small naked children playing on the floor and we had to step over them to get into the room. The room had a bed and a dresser. He lay on his back on the bed and | put a rubber on him and sucked him for a while until he was hard and then | eased on to him. About twenty minutes later there was a knock on the door and it was the woman Saying our time was up. | felt kind of guilty because he hadn't come and | offered to reason with the woman and get another ten minutes, but he said it was all right and began dressing. When we were ready to leave the room he stopped me anid... hugged me and kissed me on the cheek. He gave me an extra hundred as a tip and went back to his car. | remember being relieved that | wouldn't have to work again that evening.
99) 3) dialog: Where was that house? The one in LA, Imean.
99) 5) dialog: Yes. One of my friends was there. | wonder if you ever clipped her. They watch the TV in silence for a while. Sera holds his hand.
99) 7) dialog: Let's stay for a while.
100) 0) text: Ben mixes a cocktail for himself, then one for Sera. The camera follows him as he goes...
101) 0) text: ..to the side of the pool, where Sera is sunbathing. He lowers himself unsteadily into the chair but avoids spill a drop of the drinks, which he puts down on to a glass-to table. He is pretty loaded. Sera turns over and moves out his shadow. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
101) 4) dialog: Maybe we should go inside. Come on. She stands up, covering herself. Ben stands up, laughing, loses his balance and slips on the wet concrete. He falls backwards, half on to the chair, which he breaks, and the on to the glass table. The table goes over and it and the glasses all shatter on the concrete. Ben falls on the bro glass and cuts himself all over his back and his arms. Gl goes into the pool. Blood mingles with the water on the steaming cement.
101) 6) text: I'l go and clean up. Perhaps you could take care of this. He indicates the mess, then walks to their room. Sera beg carefully picking up the broken glass. The desk clerk app with a broom and a dustpan.
101) 8) dialog: Yes, fine. Don't worry. We'll pay for the chair, and I'll clean all this up, the pool too.
101) 10) dialog: You seem prepared for accidents.
102) 0) text: Sera comes into the room.
102) 1) dialog: Ben? She sees that he is already asleep on the bed, his half-n body covered with countless bits of bloodstained tissue. image has an almost religious feel to it. The TV is on an sitcom is playing. Something funny catches Sera's attention. She laughs and sits on the bed next to Ben.
102) 2) dialog: | think we realized that we didn't have long and accepted it. My charm, for him, was that | accepted him exactly as he was and didn't expect him to change. | think we both realized that about each other. Ben needed me and I liked his drama. | loved him.
104) 1) text: Sera?
105) 0) text: Sera is cooking.
105) 1) dialog: I'm in here. You probably don't want to hear about it right now, but | bought some plain rice. | thought it might be something you could eat. So if you get hungry later on, just let me know. Ben comes in from the kitchen and takes vodka bottles fro the fridge.
109) 0) text: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca Ben and Sera sitting opposite each other. He has a bowl rice, which he is pretending to eat in between sips of vo She has a bowl of vegetables and rice. She sits, silently for a while, and then puts down her chopsticks.
109) 1) dialog: You're pretty sick. Ben looks away.
109) 2) dialog: What are you going to do? She folds her arms.
109) 3) dialog: | want you to go see a doctor. He thinks for a while and then turns to meet her gaze. Th look right into each other's eyes.
109) 6) dialog: And do what... rot away in a room? (becoming angry) We're not going to talk about that. Fuck you! | will not talk about that. You're staying here. You are not moving to a hotel.
109) 8) dialog: (close to tears) One thing... one thing... this is one thing you can do for me. I've Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca given you gallons of free will here! You can do this for me. She leans right forward.
109) 9) dialog: Let's face it. Sick as you are, I'm probably the only thing that's keeping you alive. She stands up.
109) 10) dialog: Ihave to go to work now. Ben doesn't say anything. He just stares a hole in his bo of rice.
112) 0) text: Sera lets herself in, looks around and opens the bedroom door.
112) 1) text: In one fluid movement the naked blonde gets off the semi- conscious Ben, pulls her dress over her head and walks pa Sera. Moments later we hear the front door slam. Ben come to and looks at Sera. He is more or less unaware of what just happened.
112) 3) dialog: Her eyes are wet.
112) 4) dialog: There are limits.
112) 7) dialog: | heard the door slam a couple of hours later and he was gone.
114) 0) text: Sera getting out of a car. The car drives off. Sera exami her face in a pocket mirror. Puts on more lipstick.
116) 0) text: Three college boys with beer bottles walk the The Strip. They are all wearing the same numbered jersey. Nice middl Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca class boys looking for an adventure. They see Sera and g into a huddle before walking over to her.
116) 2) dialog: Sorry, guys, but | don't know what you mean. Anyway, | never date more than one guy ata time.
116) 4) dialog: How much of that money did you guys want to spend?
116) 6) dialog: (becoming annoyed with them) Don't your friends talk? (no answer) Try three-hundred for a half hour.
116) 8) dialog: OK... three... and we'll see how it goes. Where are you staying? Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
116) 10) dialog: I'l see you there in fifteen minutes. You can pay me then. Why don't you all take a shower while you're waiting.
116) 12) dialog: Look... I'll only need one of you at a time. RIGHT? UNDERSTOOD? So... the other two can shower while I'm there.
117) 0) text: Sera drinks from a beer bottle as she approaches their ro She talks to herself.
117) 1) dialog: Where are the boys this weekend, Frank? Why, hell, Charlie, | sent ‘em off to learn the one thing | couldn't teach 'em. She looks at the numbers and finds the room. She knocks a a moment later the Tallest College Boy opens the door in jockey shorts.
118) 0) text: Sera steps in. One boy is coming out of the bathroom wear a towel and the third is sitting ina chair smoking a cigarette, which he passes to the boy in the towel. The o boy is fooling around with a video camera. The atmosphere weird and Sera is suddenly alert. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca The Tallest College Boy hands her the money. He is very built, a football player. Sera hesitates, holding the mon The Tallest College Boy closes the door and then leans ag it. They are all staring at her now. No one says anything Sera smiles suddenly and puts the money in her purse. All business.
118) 1) dialog: OK... where's the bedroom, and who's first? They all look at each other.
118) 4) dialog: Forget that. No one's doing that. You'll all go one ata time. If you want I'll suck you instead, but that's all. Then I'm out of here.
118) 8) dialog: That's it... Take your money back. I'm leaving. The Smallest College Boy gets off the bed and comes over Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca Sera.
118) 10) dialog: (to the Smallest Boy) Maybe you'd like to fuck one of your friends in the butt instead. The room goes very quiet. The kid tears up. Sera tries to back-pedal.
118) 11) dialog: Hey... I'm sorry... The kid punches her hard in the stomach, knocking her to ground.
119) 0) text: In the half4ight Sera gets up and walks with difficulty t the bathroom.
121) 0) text: Sera gets into the cab with considerable difficulty. The driver is a cynic.
122) 0) text: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca As the cab drives off, Sera walks slowly to the door. Her Landlord's wife passes and takes in her face.
123) 0) text: Sera is slumped on the floor of the shower, her arms hugg her legs, the water pounding down on her.
124) 0) text: Sera opens the door and we see the Landlord. Behind him, the sidewalk, we can see his wife. He is embarrassed.
124) 1) text: Sera, wearing dark glasses. She looks terrible. Her mouth swollen and some of the bruising around her eye is visibl
125) 0) text: Sera gets out of a cab and goes into reception. She is we huge dark glasses to hide the black eye and the bruising.
127) 0) text: Sera walks alone. She's dejected as she looks for Ben.
128) 0) text: Sera comes to an elevator and waits. She is wearing a thi black top without a bra. Her bruised face makes her sudde very conspicuous and vulnerable. A big man in a white ste stands next to her. He looks at her and grins. She smiles coldly. He takes from his pocket two black, hundred dolla chips, places one in each hand and deliberately places ea one against her nipples. Other people see this and stop a watch. Sera looks down at his hands and stares until the becomes uncomfortable.
129) 0) text: Sera is sitting on a freshly-painted red kerb. She smokes cigarette and doesn't give a damn that her short skirt is somewhat revealing. Opposite her a bum is sleeping on the pavement. For a moment it looks like Ben. The camera come in tight on to her face. She looks more lost that we've e seen her. She drinks coffee from a styrofoam cup. The sun bright and hot and traffic is noisy.
131) 0) text: Sera comes in and the camera follows her as she makes her way to the bar. She has covered up much of the bruising w Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca make-up but it is still pretty obvious. In wide shot we her strike up a conversation with the man next to her at bar.
131) 2) dialog: Let go. What's the problem.
131) 4) dialog: Don't worry... If you don't want me in here, then | don't want to be in here. Just let go of my arm and I'll walk out of here.
131) 9) text: Sera is throwing clothes into a suitcase. The phone rings She thinks about it for a long time and then it stops. Sh carries on packing and then the phone rings again. She pi it up.
131) 10) dialog: Hello... hello... (suddenly alert) Ben? Where the fuck are you? Give me the address.
132) 2) dialog: Oh... it was an argument.
134) 0) text: Sera comes in, closing the door behind her. The shades ar drawn and the room is gloomy. Ben has got back into bed. comes to the bed and sits.
134) 1) dialog: Ben... I've been looking for you. Have you been here since you left? Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca lt smells bad in here. It's so dark. She clicks on the bedside light and is truly shocked by h face.
134) 3) dialog: Oh, Ben... you look so very sick... my love... you're so pale. She goes to the bathroom and returns with a wet face-clot She wipes his face.
134) 5) dialog: Something went wrong... I'm OK. Ben begins to cry and that sets her off.
134) 9) dialog: (she comes) Yes.
134) 13) dialog: Ben... Ben... Ben?
135) 0) text: In the darkened room we can just make out Sera sitting on the bed, looking at the still form of Ben.
136) 0) text: Sera walking. A paramedic van goes past with its lights flashing. The soundtrack is empty — silent. We slowly fad in theme music and titles start to roll.