3) 1) dialog: ..but please, my friends, call me Yuri. It is my American name... | picked it myself. The three people laugh. There is a hint of contempt in th way that they speak to Yuri.
3) 3) dialog: (silky voice) No... you are right, my friend. How very observant you are. |am from Latvia.
3) 5) dialog: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca Yes, | hear this too. But |am not a tough man. | am a simple man who is here to learn from my new American friends. The door opens and Sera comes in. Everybody stares at her
3) 7) dialog: Ah, yes... Sera. The second businessman takes out a small manila envelope from his inside pocket.
3) 8) dialog: Sera is my gift to you, my friends from New York City. You may do with her as you wish in this beautiful room, which is also my gift for the night to my friends. You will find her a very willing girl, for all of you... just as we arranged. Yuri smiles again as the Second Businessman hands him the envelope. The rest of them just stare at Sera, aroused by the idea of her.
3) 10) dialog: So, my friends... |have other business to attend. Enjoy. He heads for the door, passing Sera. She holds out his ar as he passes.
3) 12) dialog: My friends... excuse me for just one moment.
4) 2) dialog: (playful) | want this, Sera. | need this!
4) 4) dialog: (seductive) These are pretty. Sera watches in the mirror as he pulls her panties to rev her buttocks. He strokes her there gently with his other hand. We see that there are two fine scars there. He spea gently, like a father to a daughter.
4) 5) dialog: Is this how you would repay me for coming all this way to find you again? Driving through the desert to protect my little Sera. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
5) 0) text: Yuri and Sera — different time, different place. Sera loo frightened, backing away from Yuri, who pulls a switchbla from his jacket and opens it.
6) 0) text: Yuri enters from the bedroom. The weird woman is doing a line of coke.
6) 1) dialog: (cheerful) Sera wanted me to ask if she might undress at once for you. She has a very beautiful undergarment which she would like you to see.
15) 0) text: Sera wakes up in bed next to Yuri. (The camera is high ab the bed looking down.) She is completely drenched in swea A thin shaft of light comes from the crack in the drapes falls across their bodies. Other than that, the room is i darkness. To get out of bed she would have to climb over Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca him. She lies still. Yuri speaks without opening his eyes...
15) 1) dialog: Imissed you, Sera. You have been lonely? Sera blinks and turns her head towards him.
15) 3) dialog: You have been lonely?
15) 5) dialog: | will keep you safe. We are both older. He climbs on to her and mounts her. Familiarity.
15) 6) dialog: You have been lonely?
15) 8) dialog: Yes...so am |. Camera move slowly into a tight portrait of Sera.
16) 3) dialog: (planning his day) This is such a small apartment, Sera. | cannot stay here. We will find a big apartment. You know how much money I can bring you. | belong in... (laughs) ..wealth and luxury. He suddenly looks up from his food and smiles at her.
16) 4) dialog: Why did you run away from me in Los Angeles? Sera says nothing.
16) 5) dialog: Because you are sly. Mmm? You knew Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca all along that there was more money in Las Vegas. Didn't you? Sera nervously plays with her food.
16) 6) dialog: You have nothing to fear from me. You know why? Because we belong together, Sera. Don't we? Sear forces a smile.
17) 0) text: Grainy black-and-white image. Sera on a bed, pinned down Yuri, who has a knife.
18) 1) dialog: I'm pleased with you, Sera... how you have moved up in the world. | showed you a glamorous world when | took you off the streets... (shaking his head) and how you repay me.
18) 3) dialog: With an old friend. He drops his fork. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
18) 6) dialog: (becoming angry) Itis, after all, Sera, my money.
18) 8) dialog: (shaking his head) All of it. |need to buy many things... all of it! Yuri is very angry and as Sera hands him the money, he hi her, hard, knocking her back into the refrigerator. His r cuts her cheek.
18) 9) dialog: (shouting) Don't look at me like that. And then his anger goes and he becomes quite tender with her. He takes her face in his hands to look at the cut.
18) 10) dialog: It's not so bad. It is nothing. (whispers) Ineed money, Sera. | need it fast. You must go on the street tonight. For me. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca He sits down with shaking hands. He suddenly seems more vulnerable than she is. He goes to the window and looks o left and then right, as if he expects to see something.
18) 11) dialog: |Ineed money fast, Sera. | want you back on the street. Tonight.
48) 0) text: Sera is talking to Yuri. A middle-aged man gets out of a and Yuri shakes him by the hand and introduces him to Ser He hands Yuri an envelope and then Sera and he go into th hotel together. Yuri looks around thoughtfully before get into a cab and driving off.
57) 0) text: Yuri is losing at one of the tables. He continues to bet though, putting half of what he has left on one number. H loses again. He mops his face with a red silk handkerchie and places another bet.
62) 0) text: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca Sera lets herself in. Yuri is standing in the shadows. S gets a fright when she sees him.
62) 1) dialog: Where have you been?
62) 3) dialog: A full night on the street and this is all?
62) 6) dialog: What do you think... you are sixteen years old on Hollywood Boulevard? Yuri talks in Russian, becoming angrier, and slaps her ag He spits on the floor. Sera falls against the kitchen table and picks up a letha looking knife. Yuri stops.
62) 9) dialog: | could kill you. You know that. He goes to the door.
62) 10) dialog: Work, tonight, bring me money, no matter the hour. And he exits. Sera is still on the table.
63) 0) text: The proprietor is handling over some cash to Yuri, whose jewelry is on the counter. He pockets it and as he turns leave, Ben comes in. They pass without taking much notice each other. Ben removes his Rolex and shows it to the man
64) 0) text: Yuri is walking in the hot sun, sweating. We see him thro longtens heat haze. The camera wanders into the traffic a we see the black Town Car crawling along behind him, thre men inside.
71) 1) dialog: Yes? What?
71) 3) dialog: Sera! It's... He looks around for a clock.
71) 4) dialog: it's late.
72) 2) dialog: Have you told anyone that I'm here?
72) 4) dialog: Do you here that? He looks at her.
72) 5) dialog: They're talking about me. He pulls himself together.
72) 6) dialog: Go, Sera. (whispers) Go. Stay at home. | will call you tomorrow.
72) 9) dialog: This is very important... and | must listen. Now go. They face each other for a moment and then Yuri does an a comic gesture to tell her to go. He hustles her to the do and shoves her out as she is still buttoning up her blous He slams the door.
72) 10) dialog: (through the door) Goodbye, Sera. Don't come back here. | will not see you again. Sera stands there for a while, almost in shock, and then begins to walk. The camera follows her as she makes her w down the endless corridor of doors. Ahead of her, three m are walking towards her, checking the door numbers as the make their way. Sera doesn't take them in. They pass and turn a corner. We recognize them as the men from the blac Town Car.
72) 11) text: The men have stopped outside Yuri's room. The camera pans and we see Sera down the other corridor getting into the elevator.