0) 17) text: Céleste. Théophile. COCHETON glances at the NURSES who are also plainly conce COCHETON again looks at JEAN-DO.
1) 0) text: The sound of the bubbling water intense. Into the murky green sea, a large diving bell of shining When the diving bell is fully submerged, silence. At the porthole a FACE: it's JEAN-DO but obscured by the panicked breath on the glass. He's hammering desperately with his fists. Then:
2) 0) text: QUICK FLASH: THEOPHLLE, terrified, next to the driver, op and getting out fast, then INT, JEAN-DO’S ROOM, NAVAL HOSPITAL - DAY As before: SANDRINE.
3) 0) text: Rain. Heaw, noisy traffic. Acar pulls out of the traffic and draws up at an ultra-mo building with the Elle logo. ADOORMAN rushes out with an umbrella and holds it over th who emerges from the back. It's JEAN-DO but he’s hidden b
5) 0) text: Descending. There's a mirror that covers one entire side LEPAGE, COCHETON and an ATTENDANT obscure most of JEAN-DO except that he can see his lifeless hands on the arms of and a rug covering his legs. As the elevator shudders to a halt -
7) 0) text: JEAN-DO emerges through the double doors on to a large, t overlooking a grey sea. The terrace is empty but for the silhouette of an elegant little distance away, the sun behind her.
8) 5) text: JEAN-DO’S VOICE (cont'd) | can’t remember when | last laughed so much - (he’s swung on to his back, sees the NURSES fussing over him) But, as someone’s poet said, only a fool laughs when there’s nothing to laugh at - INT. JEAN-DO’S ROOM, NAVAL HOSPITAL - DAY CLOSE on Beatrice’s mouth.
8) 9) text: BEATRICE (cont'd) And that’s sliding your tongue to the back of your palate. That's how you'll learn to swallow again. Watch. She closes her eyes, opens her mouth, and moves her tongu JEAN-DO’S VOICE This justisn’t fair.
9) 40) text: SANDRINE (cont'd) ‘lwant.. You're doing brilliantly, Jean-Do. What do you want? E - T - (a blink) T. (writes it down)
11) 3) text: LAURENT (cont'd) (lost in thought for a moment) | was always faithful to bikes. God knows how | ended up in advertising. (suddenly) Shit! | almost forgot - (searches his pockets) While | was out here waiting for you, a little beauty came up to me and she gave me this - (takes the alphabet card, pen and note pad from his pocket) She said you were depressed. | said, ‘I'm not surprised’, and she said | had to cheer you up. (shows the card to JEAN-DO) She explained how it works. She said we could talk to each other. Seems complicated to me. You want to try? (no response; he sits facing
11) 4) dialog: Okay. I just read the letters and you blink, is that right? Okay. (at speed without looking at
11) 5) dialog: 
11) 13) text: JEAN-DO’S VOICE (cont'd) Acarrot, a potato, a pickled cucumber, what sort of vegetable?
11) 21) text: INT, JEAN-DO’S ROOM, NAVAL HOSPITAL - NIGHT VERY CLOSE ON JEAN-DO’S EYE AS IT OPENS. HIS POV: On the TV: constant color bars and a high pitch streams through the window; the drapes have been left ope filled with photos. The ceiling. The clock on the wall re JEAN-DO’S VOICE Anurse will be in before the world comes to anend. CLOSE ON JEAN-DO’S EYE AS IT CLOSES. BLACK screen and the constant sound of the TV. CLOSE ON JEAN-DO’S EYE AS IT OPENS. HIS POV: The same as before. The clock on the wall 3:49 a BLACKNESS. The constant high tone of the TV finally ends. His POV opens to A NURSE who is leaving the room after fi turned off the TV. The clock on the wall 4:34 am. On the dark TV screen, partially lit by the moon, JEAN-DO own reflection. JEAN-DO’S VOICE (cont’d) Today it seems to me that my whole life was nothing but a string of small near misses: the women | was unable to love, the chances | failed to seize, the moments of happiness | allowed to drift away. Arace whose result | knew beforehand but in which | failed to bet on the winner.
11) 24) text: INT. JEAN-DO’S ROOM, NAVAL HOSPITAL - DAY SANDRINE enters the room and sits, her manner stern.
13) 0) text: The butterfly’s POV continues flying, revealing snow-capp The alphabet music continues. JEAN-DO’S VOICE | have realized | can imagine anything, anyone, anywhere, Insert images (stock) 39. JEAN-DO'S VOICE (cont'd) | can build castles in Spain, steal the Golden Fleece, Awoman opens up the bed sheets to the camera JEAN-DO’S VOICE (cont'd) visit the women | love, JEAN-DO and a WOMAN on the beach as in “from here to ETER JEAN-DO'S VOICE (cont'd) let the sea wash over me on the isle of Martinique, bow before Ozymandias, king of kings - Ablack dot comes haring down the slope. The butterfly’s P closer. It’s a man skiing. JEAN-DO'S VOICE (cont'd) - |can imagine anything, anything atall. Sudden silence.
13) 1) text: He’s wearing goggles with orange lenses and a ski cap. He exhilaration as he makes the descent. JEAN-DO’S VOICE (cont'd) And now | want to remember myself as | was. Handsome, debonair, glamorous. And devilishly attractive - He swerves to a halt, raising snow. He pushes his glasses forehead and pulls off his ski cap. He smiles while he ca
13) 2) dialog: As he was, aged 42, at his peak, splendid, fit, tanned: JEAN-DO’S VOICE (cont'd) Yes, glamorous and very handsome, at least some people thought so- And as JEAN-DO, the skier, laughs joyously 40.
14) 0) text: JEAN-DO'S REFLECTION IN THE ELEVATOR MIRROR, full on, a d sight in his wheelchair, a rug covering his lap, his head staring at himself, the other clumsily stitched closed. SANDRINE stands behind him, watching him. The elevator doors part; his image disappears. Jean-Do is the shot by Sandrine. As they walk away, the elevator clo
17) 0) text: Various images of collapsing icebergs, endless deserts, B rainforests, and other landscapes keep changing like in a THE BUTTERFLY darts, hovers and soars in the foreground. SANDRINE’S VOICE begins to recite the alphabet and, after CLAUDE’S VOICE joins in, a duet, arrhythmical and sometim cacophonous. THE BUTTERFLY alights ona flower 46. INT. JEAN-DO’S ROOM, NAVAL HOSPITAL - DAY JEAN-DO’s POV of his window. A wan glow announces the bre JEAN-DO’S VOICE Through the frayed curtain of my window, a wan glow announces the break of day. My heels hurt, my head weighs a ton, and something like a giant invisible diving-bell holds my whole body prisoner. ANURSE comes in and opens the curtains. THE WINDOW. Rain. CLAUDE writes. JEAN-DO’S VOICE (cont'd) My main task now is to compose these bedridden travel notes from a castaway on the shores of loneliness.
17) 1) dialog: 
18) 0) text: CLAUDE wheels JEAN-DO down the hall towards the open doub their reflections in the glass-fronted cupboards. Jean-Do stained-glass window that depicts Empress Eugenie.
21) 0) text: JEAN-DO and CLAUDE by the sea, enjoy the view. In the dis buildings, and nearer, the sea. 48.
22) 0) text: Empty hallways, empty swimming pool, empty therapy area. JEAN-DO’S VOICE Sunday. | dread Sunday. No therapists, no visitors, a skeleton staff. Beatrice walks down an otherwise empty main hall, past th glass window depicting Eugenie. JEAN-DO’S VOICE (cont'd) Sunday is a long stretch of desert.
23) 0) text: JEAN-DO is being wheeled by BEATRICE, unseen, along a bum path, open to the sky, that leads to the chapel.
24) 0) text: JEAN-DO is wheeled in and remains at the back. BEATRICE m beside him and sits. The priest, an elderlyman, FATHER LUCIEN, is saying Mass. There are not many in the congregation. 52. JEAN-DO’S VOICE | suppose itisn’t quite true to say I’m not religious. All over the world people are Praying for me.
24) 1) text: JEAN-DO'S VOICE (cont'd) Top of the list is my daughter, Céleste, who prays for me every night. And Béatrice, of course. The most diverse deities have been enlisted to help me.
24) 2) text: JEAN-DO’S VOICE (cont'd) In Nepal, I'm told, they chant a mantra for me. In a Breton chapel they burn candles,
24) 3) text: JEAN-DO'S VOICE (cont'd) and a Cameroon holy man has procured for me the goodwill of Africa’s gods: Ihave assigned him my right eye. All of them. And | can’t deny that | have attempted to organise this vast spiritual energy to support my existence. It may not be admirable, it may even be a touch hypocritical, but I'll try anything. The Communion bell rings. FATHER LUCIEN elevates the Host JEAN-DO watches BEATRICE crossing herself, eyes closed, d prayer.
25) 9) text: FATHER LUCIEN (cont'd) Would you like me to say a blessing over you? (no response) ‘Heavenly Father, have mercy on Jean- Dominique, who is cruelly afflicted. Help his body to heal, keep his spirits buoyant, and help him to find faith, through your son, Jesus Christ, our lord. He makes the Sign of the Cross over JEAN-DO. BEATRICE starts the alphabet which soon fades. BEATRICE’S VOICE (seeing Jean-Do blink every so often) Father, I'd like you to know there are monks in Bordeaux who regularly dedicate their prayers to me -
25) 18) dialog: 
26) 1) text: They're driving at speed. Music in the car is loud. (U2 B JEAN-DO, a little younger, and dressed in an earlier styl passenger seat and, at the wheel, an attractive young wom against the wind, JOSEPHINE.
26) 3) dialog: (overlapping) You said you wanted a dirty week-end -
26) 5) dialog: We can't have a dirty week-end in Lourdes, itdoesn’tseem right -
26) 7) dialog: Well...
26) 9) dialog: You don’t -
26) 11) dialog: Please.
27) 0) text: Filled with an unbroken column of mostly paraplegics in w shepherded by nuns, priests and volunteers. Along the side, trying to push their way through, JEAN-DO She is dressed all in pink: sneakers, jeans and sweatshir ANUN walks down the column:
27) 4) dialog: Joséphine, there’s no way I'm going on with this.
27) 6) dialog: Don’t be so sure, it might be dangerous. What if someone in perfect health happened to be here when the Madonna appeared? One miracle, and he’d end up paralyzed. Adozen heads turn to see them.
27) 8) dialog: Thank you -
27) 10) dialog: Thanks again. You can go by yourself - And he leaves her, struggling through the wheelchairs, an
28) 0) text: JEAN-DO and JOSEPHINE finishing drinks and snacks at a cr sidewalk café. Some customers in wheelchairs. Handicapped passing, priests, nuns.
28) 2) dialog: That's true -
28) 4) dialog: Yes, | read in the guide book it could take a dozen Jumbo jets. And if you're at the back you need binoculars to see the priest.
28) 6) dialog: Oh please, Joséphine, don’t buy any souvenirs, you’ve got such bad taste -
29) 2) dialog: (entering the store) Forget it-
29) 4) dialog: (taking out his wallet) Okay, okay, I'll give it to you as a present - JEAN-DO, sour faced, is counting out money while the SHOP demonstrates the winking lights. 59.
30) 0) text: The Madonna, lights winking, sits on the dressing table. In bed, side by side, JEAN-DO, sullen, and JOSEPHINE gazi reverie. They are both naked. Bob Dylan’s “Like a Rolling Stone” is the music score. After a moment:
30) 1) dialog: | can't make love to you with her looking at me.
30) 3) dialog: | wasn't stating a fact, | was making a complaint. Let me turn her off -
30) 5) dialog: Joséphine, when we get back to Paris we're going to have to split up. 60.
30) 7) dialog: No. Because of everything.
31) 0) text: Bob Dylan’s “Like a Rolling Stone” carries over to this s JEAN-DO walks alone along the street. Youths drink beer and guzzle hamburgers. Pilgrims, many o handicapped, walk in groups led by priests and nuns with He comes to the souvenir shop and stops dead.
32) 0) text: JEAN-DO'S POV of himself in a large brightly painted room ballet studio with mirrors and barres lining the walls. JEAN-DO is tethered to a board raised to a vertical posit himself and either side of the board stand BEATRICE and S 61. Reflected in the background, the room, filled with PATIEN splints, on crutches, using Zimmer frames, others trying still others in harnesses of varying complexity. Noisy an Bob Dylan’s music morphs into:
32) 4) dialog: (managing) La-la-
32) 6) dialog: La -
32) 8) dialog: La-la-la- INT. JEAN-DO’S ROOM, NAVAL HOSPITAL - DAY ON THE TV SET a mindless QUIZ GAME. CLAUDE enters with papers. 62.
32) 15) dialog: Of what?
32) 17) dialog: Why?
32) 21) dialog: No, thanks.
32) 23) dialog: How can a shave tire you?
32) 26) dialog: That wouldn't be difficult. JEAN-DO collects the bowl and shaving brush.
32) 28) dialog: (while he applies the lather with a brush) You mean she feeds you every four hours?
32) 30) dialog: You always ask me that and | always say the same thing: not really. He massages the lather in with his fingers.
32) 32) dialog: Re-reading. The Count of Monte Cristo.
32) 34) dialog: Because |'m thinking of writing a modern version.
32) 36) dialog: Vengeance will still be the driving force but I'm setting it in today’s world. And Monte Cristo will be a woman. The Countess of Monte Cristo.
32) 38) dialog: | haven't written it yet. JEAN-DO (cont'd) But I've got a contract with a book publisher. And there’s a character who fascinates me. Obsesses me, really, but | don’t know why. Do you remember Noirtier de Villefort? He finishes covering PAPINOU’S face in lather and takes u
32) 40) dialog: Keep still.
32) 42) dialog: Thanks.
32) 44) dialog: Yes.
32) 46) dialog: I know - 66.
32) 48) dialog: Be quiet, Papinou, or |! will cut you. He shaves him.
32) 50) dialog: And?
32) 52) dialog: Good. I'll give you a great party. We'll celebrate.
32) 54) dialog: |won't. It's our secret.
32) 56) dialog: What difference would that have made?
32) 58) dialog: Do we have to talk about this? 67.
32) 60) dialog: Please, change the subject - He wipes off the lather, takes up a bottle of cologne.
32) 62) dialog: An aphrodisiac.
32) 64) dialog: Christian Dior. Eau de Sauvage.
32) 66) dialog: Pm sure they would, if they had the chance to smell you. He applies the cologne. PAPINOU winces, feels his face.
32) 68) text: PAPINOU (cont'd) (looking at JEAN-DO in the mirror) | wanted to tell you something.
32) 69) dialog: What?
32) 71) dialog: Itll come back.
32) 73) dialog: I'm listening.
32) 77) dialog: Yes? After a moment:
33) 0) text: EXTREME CLOSE UP OF JEAN-DO’S EYE WIDE OPEN. Abig black Fy sits on his POV. JEAN-DO’S VOICE Avery black fly settles on my nose. | waggle my head to unseat him. He digs in. Olympic wrestling is child’s play compared to this. His field of vision is to his right, seeing the other pat exercises and therapy. 70. Also presentin the background, DR. LEPAGE and DR. COCHETO NURSES talking to patients and observing their progress. Slowly, JEAN-DO’S POV turns and, as he does so, SANDRINE BEATRICE come into view, standing over him, watching, ama He turns his head a full 90° to his left and sees in a mi own image, tethered to his board, a flyon his nose. SANDR and again, beyond him, much of the room and the other pat swats the fly from his nose. JEAN-DO’S VOICE (cont'd) Thanks.
34) 0) text: From a high angle we see SIX WAITERS carrying platters fi assorted gourmet dishes. Like dancers in a minuet, they g spacious, ornate room. The camera takes flight and we hear the fluttering of win tray to tray, mimicking a butterfly in a field of flowers The camera settles on a large platter of oysters ona bed brown bread and butter, which is being offered to JEAN-DO casual chic, the only customer. He nibbles thinly-sliced salami off a tooth-pick while si champagne. 73. JEAN-DO takes up a shell, unhooks the oyster with a fork, his mouth. He closes his eyes as the oyster slips down hi smiles. He opens his eyes. He looks across the room, and sees CLAUDE looking beautif meet, and he invites her over to savor his treats. He imm an oyster into her mouth. He is able to show his charm, g his connoisseurship by sharing his feast. Each taste that JEAN-DO will experience seems to be an ov experience, sending him into ecstasies of silent delight pleasure. THE SOMMELIER approaches with a bottle of Chablis. JEAN-D the label, nods. THE SOMMELIER pours for him to taste whi and nods again. CLAUDE happily watches JEAN-DO enjoy his feast. THE WAITERS, as if choreographed, serve him a medley of g pleasures with expertise, elegance and theatricality. WAITERS wheel a serving station on which rests a silver s grilled sole. One presents it for JEAN-DO’s approval. JEAN-DO, nods, si watches the man expertly and speedily fillet the fish and JEAN-DO with child-like anticipation sprinkles a little s and then eats elegantly and delicately, always making sur enjoying. The red wine is produced, shown, and decanted. THE SOMMEL small candle under the decanter to check the colour and c wine. JEAN-DO smiles admiringly. He pours it for JEAN-DO Jean-Do and Claude toast. AWAITER serves them a magnificent steak, another spoons o sauce, and yet another piles exquisite pomme frite on the makes the first cut and the knife slides down the steak a butter. Then he tucks in hungrily eating at terrific spee juice on the plate with a chunk of bread. An enormous cheese trayis produced. JEAN-DO points to fiv cheese which are served to him. He eats and drinks. He eats an enormous, exaggerated soufflé and drinks a swe
34) 2) dialog: What a coincidence to find you here.
38) 0) text: Abright summer day. JEAN-DO'S in his wheelchair and has a view of the sea, th lighthouse. Sound of distant laughter. And a plane overhe After a moment: SYLVIE’S VOICE Sweetheart? JEAN-DO slowly swivels his head to see SYLVIE standing a away, holding the hands of their two children, THEOPHILE, CELESTE, 8. 76. All three are apprehensive but SYLVIE is more her old sel energy and vitality. She wears dark glasses and looks won fashionable summery clothes. She carries a voluminous bea The children stand and stare at him. SYLVIE squeezes asmile.
39) 0) text: SYLVIE, unseen, wheels JEAN-DO along the path towards the the sea. The two children walk beside him, THEOPHILE sile occasionally dabbing JEAN-DO’'S mouth with a handkerchief singing softly.
40) 0) text: The family are settled in the embrace of a dune open to t protected from the wind, a promenade café nearby. There are other people in wheelchairs on the beach and ba sea. JEAN-DO’S VOICE At Berck, wheelchairs are as commonplace as Ferraris at Monte Carlo. THEOPHILE and CELESTE are changed for swimming and rush d the sea, screaming excitedly.
40) 10) text: SYLVIE (cont'd) Now they know whatit's like to have a zombie for a father. SYLVIE (cont'd) Don’t, Jean-Do - SYLVIE (cont'd) (reading) When I began a diet a week before my stroke, I never dreamed of such dramatic results. Sylvie laughs. She smiles. SYLVIE (cont'd) | took them to see Papinou. He absolutely adores them. (a moment) I think she ought to come and visit you. It seems wrong to me that she stays away - SYLVIE (cont'd) (reading) It's how she is. SYLVIE (cont'd) (with feeling) That's true, that’s how she is. SYLVIE (cont'd) (reading) You know something? You're still able to make me laugh. SYLVIE (cont'd) Thanks. CELESTE’S VOICE Mama, mama, mama! SYLVIE turns and once more his reflection is lost. The children come rushing back, find towels and dry thems
40) 19) text: THEOPHILE (cont'd) (comes close to JEAN-DO) | didn't want to come but I'm glad now.
41) 0) text: THEOPHILE, finishing an ice-cream, has completed the gall the body, the arms, the noose and has now only the two le Beside this drawing are five dashes for the word, the sec ‘A’ and the last a ‘Y’. SYLVIE, her glasses reflecting JEAN-DO, recites the alpha to guess a letter. Beyond on the dune, CELESTE does cartwheels and handstand
42) 0) text: SYLVIE, unseen, pushes JEAN-DO in the wheelchair. Ahead o CELESTE does cartwheels. Beside him, walks THEOPHILE. CELESTE turns to JEAN-DO.
43) 0) text: JEAN-DO'S POV OF ALIGHT AEROPLANE trailing an advertising with the words:
43) 9) text: INT. JEAN-DO’S ROOM, NAVAL HOSPITAL - DAY
43) 45) text: Close on Jean-Do, back in his wheelchair, tears in his ey returns and moves the wheelchair down the hallway.
44) 0) text: JEAN-DO is being wheeled by the MALE NURSE, down the corr Alittle way along THE FEMALE NURSE stands by the doors to centre and she’s smiling and trying no to giggle.
45) 0) text: In the mirrored room the other PATIENTS, NURSES, CLAUDE, BEATRICE, DR. COCHETON, all with their eyes on JEAN-DO. H them, of course, and he can see himself. As he appears:
45) 8) dialog: (an approximation) B-b-b-b.
45) 10) dialog: (loudly and uncontrolled) Ssssss - The hiss alerts PATIENTS near by. They begin to watch.
45) 12) dialog: Da-da-
45) 14) dialog: Sssh-
45) 16) dialog: Fitft -
45) 18) dialog: Ha - DR. COCHETON and more PATIENTS begin to gather behind the
45) 20) dialog: Ka - ka -
45) 22) dialog: La. 97.
45) 24) dialog: Mmmm.
45) 26) dialog: Nnnnn.
45) 28) dialog: Pphhh. He dribbles and she wipes him.
45) 30) dialog: Ka - ka -
45) 32) dialog: Rrrrr.
45) 34) dialog: Ssssss.
45) 36) dialog: Deeee. Teeee.
45) 38) dialog: Ooooo00h - Much laughter.
45) 40) dialog: Ve. Ve.
45) 44) dialog: Eksss.
45) 48) dialog: Zzzzzz77Zz. She beams.
48) 0) text: Jean-Do’s diving bell pulls Claude down in the opaque, gr ocean.
49) 8) text: SYLVIE (cont'd) (smiles, takes up another) This is Papinou’s handwriting. (she opens it) He writes, ‘This is a present’. It's a photograph - She shows it to JEAN-Do
50) 0) text: Great crashing chords on an organ. Nightmarish atmosphere. Turn-of-the-century style distort distorted hall, walls aslant, narrow archways, undulating frightening music played on the organ at full blast. JEAN-DO glides through an arch, sees himself distorted.
50) 8) text: JEAN-DO SITTING (cont'd) Oh, by the way. You’re not going to Hong- Kong you are going to Beirut. Jean-Do sees Jean-Do walk out the door of the plane in mi the white bright sky FEMALE NURSE’S VOICE Come on, Jean-Do, your sleeping pill.
51) 0) text: JEAN-DO on the vertical board in the upright position ref The room is more or less empty but for one young man with exercising. Somewhere, music is playing: an aria from Mozart's ‘Don G lll.
53) 0) text: JEAN-DO reflected full on in a mirror, SANDRINE and BEATR of him. In the background, patients and nurses. SANDRINE & BEATRICE sing with him, softly and sweetly.
53) 1) dialog: (singing not really intelligibly) ‘The Kangaroo escaped the Zoo. “Goodbye zoo!” cried Kangaroo, Cleared the wail with one clean jump, Leaped across with a great big thump. ' He pants. They beam at him.
53) 3) text: AMALE NURSE and JEAN-DO descending. He can see himself in mirror. Faint, the sound of what may be a drum beat.
54) 0) text: THE MALE NURSE wheels JEAN-DO down the corridor, their re the glass-fronted cupboards. The sound of pop music from somewhere. JEAN-DO’S VOICE My life is here. A constant repetition. In this place.
55) 0) text: JEAN-DO is wheeled on to the extension of the terrace. Th louder. The end of summer but still warm. The light fading. JEAN-DO’S VOICE And today | have a visitor and | may show off, like Céleste, so that everyone in Paris can be told what an indomitable vegetable lam. As they turn the corner and the lighthouse comes into vie LAURENT dancing casually with BEATRICE to pop music from playerm (a Mambo version of “Ne Me Quite Pas.” or Brigitt “Harley Davidson”) CLAUDE sits ata table correcting typescript. Seeing JEAN-DO, LAURENT and BEATRICE stop. CLAUDE looks u
55) 5) dialog: (a grunt) Uh-uh.
55) 14) dialog: | think about you a lot, Jean-Do. And your red convertible. You remember? And quick- tempered? Christ, your temper. He would fly off the handle before | could say Berck- sur-Mer. (to the others) We've been friends for more than twenty- five miserable years - (smiles) JEAN-DO’'S VOICE (grunting his song) ‘The Kangaroo escaped the Zoo. “Goodbye zoo!” cried Kangaroo, Cleared the wall - He makes a choking sound.
57) 0) text: JEAN-DO emerges from the building, casually dressed again He greets Paul, the doorman/valet, who hands him his keys
57) 1) dialog: ‘Morning, Paul.
57) 3) dialog: My God! Now that’s what I calla car!
57) 5) dialog: Sure does. He gets into the car.
58) 0) text: JEAN-DO in the driver’s seat.
58) 1) dialog: (inhaling deeply) Smell that leather. There’s nothing like it. With the pleasure of a child, JEAN-DO admires the facia a Then he starts the engine.
60) 0) text: THE BMW enters the drive and makes its way to the entranc and stops. JEAN-DO gets out. Almost immediately, from the house rush CELESTE and THEOP backpack.
60) 2) dialog: (awkward) Hello.
60) 6) dialog: Absolutely -
60) 8) dialog: We certainly are. And dinner afterwards.
60) 10) dialog: As many as you Can eat. He gives CELESTE a hug and waves half-heartedly to SYLVIE
60) 12) dialog: That's the best seat.
62) 0) text: JEAN-DO at the wheel, THEOPHILE, beside him, loving every
63) 1) text: CLOSE JEAN-DO. A flicker of concern in his eyes. He holds more tightly.
65) 0) text: JEAN-DO is beginning to feel more unwell but doesn’t quit matter is.
67) 0) text: JEAN-DO doesn't move. Beads of sweat break out on his for of breathing. He’s holding on to the wheel and trying to
68) 3) dialog: We have to stop. | don’t feel well - CLOSE THEOPHILE, terrified. JEAN-DO (cont'd) Where are we?
68) 5) dialog: Are we?
68) 7) dialog: Run, Théo. Run and get her.
68) 9) dialog: Quickly - CLOSE THEOPHILE, panic rising, as he scrambles out of the back down the hill. JEAN-DO closes his eyes in pain. The screen goes black. JEAN-DO OPENS HIS EYES TO SEE THEOPHILE and his aunt, DIA 30s, standing there. DIANE is wearing a nurse's uniform. JEAN-DO holds on tight to the steering wheel. THEOPHILE and DIANE reach the BMW.
68) 11) text: DIANE (cont'd) (JEAN-DO starts to hyperventilate) Theo, help me get your dad in the back seat. Diane and Theo struggle to get Jean-Do out of the car and seat. DIANE (cont'd) Théo, go to the neighbour and tell her to phone your mother. Quickly. I'll drive your dad to my clinic. THEOPHILE hesitates, then runs off while Diane gets into The car moves off atspeed.
68) 12) dialog: The car travelling at speed. Hyperventilating, JEAN-DO’S face is gradually, very gradu paralyzed, the cheeks drooping, the mouth twisting downwa staring. Forehead covered in sweat. His arms are turning inward, his eyes staring. He slowly, eyes.
69) 0) text: CLOSE JEAN-DO’S EYE. THE POV IS NO LONGER JEAN-DO’S. CLAUDE’S VOICE (reading) ‘| thought we'll have to cancel going to the theatre. We'd be late in any case. 122. Slowly, more is revealed: JEAN-DO'’S paralyzed face, his closed. He lies in a bed, with tubes, an IVpole, a monitoring scr The room is bare of personal effects, the walls white, an CLAUDE sits beside him, reading from typescript.