11) 0) text: ATOY MOTORCYCLE on a table top travelling in circles. And falls over the edge AHAND reaches out and saves it. The hand belongs to LAURENT, 42, shaggy, untidy, bear-lik helmet on a chair. Spring weather. THE FEMALE NURSE sits a little apart. She pattern and pays no attention to them. This area is an extension of the terrace. In the distance lighthouse with red and white stripes. A light aircraft d
11) 1) dialog: Hope you like it. | didn't really know what to bring. | would have asked Sylvie to suggest something but - (breaks off, sits opposite JEAN-
11) 3) text: LAURENT (cont'd) (lost in thought for a moment) | was always faithful to bikes. God knows how | ended up in advertising. (suddenly) Shit! | almost forgot - (searches his pockets) While | was out here waiting for you, a little beauty came up to me and she gave me this - (takes the alphabet card, pen and note pad from his pocket) She said you were depressed. | said, ‘I'm not surprised’, and she said | had to cheer you up. (shows the card to JEAN-DO) She explained how it works. She said we could talk to each other. Seems complicated to me. You want to try? (no response; he sits facing
11) 9) dialog: How’s that? He begins to lope aimlessly. JEAN-DO doesn't bother to fo LAURENT just comes and goes in and out of JEAN-DO’S line LAURENT (cont'd) ve never been a good hospital visitor. I'm the sort who brings the patient grapes and then eats them. What an awful thing, Jean- Do. You of all people. Everybody's talking aboutit. | was in Café de Flore last night - no, the night before - the usual crowd. | don’t know who it was but | heard someone Say, ‘Did you know that Jean-Do Bauby is now a complete vegetable?’ And someone else said, ‘ Yes, | heard, a complete vegetable.’ And | wanted to say, ‘I'm going to see him and | bet you he’s not, I've heard his mind is working perfectly. He breaks off. He’s out of JEAN-DO’S eyeline. But JEAN-DO to find LAURENT looking helpless and forlorn.
11) 11) dialog: ¥m an idiot! Christ, I'm sorry. | hope | haven't upset you. But you know me - He turns away and gazes atthe sea.
11) 14) dialog: (glancing at JEAN-DO) I'll have to be getting back soon.
11) 16) dialog: Coming here on the autoroute | did over a 180. JEAN-DO’S VOICE Whatever sort of vegetable they say! am | bet I've still got a higher IQ than that bum in the Café. The hell with you and the hell with him. Long silence. Silence.
11) 17) dialog: Should | go? | don’t want to tire you.
11) 19) dialog: (calling to the NURSE) I'm leaving now. (to JEAN-DO) Good-bye, Jean Do. Would you like me to come again? LAURENT smiles crookedly, picks up his crash-helmet. Walk leaving a view of the lonely sea. JEAN-DO’S VOICE (sarcastically) Can't wait. Love your helmet.
55) 0) text: JEAN-DO is wheeled on to the extension of the terrace. Th louder. The end of summer but still warm. The light fading. JEAN-DO’S VOICE And today | have a visitor and | may show off, like Céleste, so that everyone in Paris can be told what an indomitable vegetable lam. As they turn the corner and the lighthouse comes into vie LAURENT dancing casually with BEATRICE to pop music from playerm (a Mambo version of “Ne Me Quite Pas.” or Brigitt “Harley Davidson”) CLAUDE sits ata table correcting typescript. Seeing JEAN-DO, LAURENT and BEATRICE stop. CLAUDE looks u
55) 1) dialog: At last! Jean-Do, how goes it? (JEAN-DO grunts) He’s speaking! Jean-Do, you're speaking.
55) 3) dialog: No!
55) 8) dialog: He was always an obstinate fellow. You were always a stubborn bastard, weren't you? Everything in your own time, am | right? (coming to close to JEAN-DO) (MORE)
55) 9) text: LAURENT (cont'd) Imiss you. | had to come again. But | heard you were - He breaks off. The lights has faded. The lighthouse beam starts to revolve.
55) 11) dialog: Book lover -
55) 13) dialog: Woman lover. (the other laugh softly) Car lover. Food lover. Eats like a pig but never puts on weight. And always the best restaurants. (he crouches down beside
55) 15) dialog: Are you all right - ?