9) 21) dialog: You don’t remember me? JEAN-DO’S VOICE Of course I do. (one blink)
9) 23) dialog: ! heard what happened to you. And I just wanted - no, | was compelled to come and see you because of what happened to me. In a way, | know what you're going through and | thought I could be of some help. (he stares at JEAN-DO) Being taken hostage is not so different from what you’re going through. (turns to Sandrine) Am I right?
9) 25) dialog: Sorry, am | allowed to smoke?
9) 27) dialog: (to Sandrine) Anyway, Jean-Dominique was kind enough to give me his seat ona flight to Hong Kong. Then, unfortunately for me, the plane was high-jacked and I remained a hostage in Beirut for four years, four months, two weeks, five days and seven hours. (He smiles nervously.) (to Jean-Do) I’ve been told you have locked-in syndrome. They kept me ina cellar. Very small. Dark. It was hard to breathe. | called it my tomb. Yes. (to Sandrine) 1 know a lot about wines. | used to recite aloud the wines of the Bordeaux classification of 1855. That’s what preserved my sanity. Or what passed for sanity. 28. He lights a new cigarette off the old one. He smiles at t more of a twitch than a smile. ROUSSIN (cont’d) Of course there were times | was in despair. Suicidal. Angry. The beatings, the filth, the cruelty. The passage of time was the worst. But I survived. | survived because | held fast to my own humanity. That’s all | could do because that’s all! had. And that’s all you have, Jean- Dominque. (fervently) Cling to your own humanity and you'll survive. I just had to come and say that to you. Face to face. In person. | know it sounds ridiculous but I felt it was - | felt it was my duty. Tell yourself every day that the human spirit is indomitable. Christ knows why. It has no reason to be. But it is. Indomitable. (silence) \ just had to say that to you in person. Good-bye. (a blink.)
50) 6) dialog: Jean-Dominique, I’m sorry, but if | don’t get a seat on this plane, | will miss my connection to Hong- Kong.