2) 0) text: AN OLD YELLOWED RV as it weaves through CONYERS, PENNSYLVANIA: a blue collar town whose best days are half a century behind it. The RV turns onto Fairmount Circle, creeping past modest houses with slush covered lawns, past KELLER DOVER’S HOUSE, his pick-up truck parked in the driveway. The RV disappears around the bend as... The Dovers' front door opens and Keller’s daughter, ANNA, 6, walks out into the cold, followed by his wife, GRACE, a fragile looking beauty with a whisper thin voice:
2) 2) dialog: Are we taking the truck? Ralph comes out, cradling a couple hunks of venison bleeding through butcher’s paper.
2) 4) dialog: Give me a ride. Keller gives her a smile, squats down, lets her jump on his back --
3) 3) dialog: Can I go outside with Joy?
4) 0) text: Joy and Anna take off running, racing each other. Ralph and Eliza take their time following them.
6) 2) dialog: Mom, can I take Joy to our house?
6) 4) dialog: My red whistle. She’s going to help me look for it. Grace shakes her head.
6) 10) dialog: The emergency whistle Daddy gave me. I lost it... (thinking) Hundred and thirty-three days ago.
22) 0) text: Cut-up from the crash, Alex Jones stands against the wall. He seems spacey if not downright schizophrenic, staring blankly at the picture of Anna and Joy, Loki holds in front of his face.
80) 0) text: Grace moves slowly down the hallway. She sees the door to Anna’s room is open... INT. ANNA’S ROOM - THE DOVERS' HOUSE - CONTINUOUS Grace walks inside the room and turns on the light. Anna's window is conspicuously open, curtains billowing.
81) 0) text: Grace leads Loki down the stairs. Loki looks around, a little taken aback by the floor to ceiling provisions. While Grace searches for Anna, Loki notices a little sketch on Keller’s work table: a stick figure in a box... Then he sees something else, among the provisions...a half used bag of lye. He lingers on it for a moment.
95) 4) dialog: Look, Daddy! We found it! We found it! It was at the bottom of the Brewers’ pool! Keller sits up, eyes tearing, reaching for her --
96) 0) text: Keller wakes up aghast, and still a little drunk. He thinks for a moment -- staring at the spot where Anna stood in his dream, when suddenly his face goes hard with fright --
111) 0) text: Keller opens the door, looking in on Grace, passed out in bed. He watches her for a moment, his face like that of some malfunctioning robot... INT. ANNA’S ROOM - THE DOVERS' HOUSE - DAY 153 Ralph sits on his sister’s bed in shock, holding his cell phone. He looks up as Keller walks inside and goes to the window. There are two news vans parked out front.
122) 0) text: Loki looks up at Anna’s window, maybe ten feet from the ground. He looks down and notices two deep footprints filled with water -- someone dropped hard from the window. He looks around thinking, checking the bushes... His eyes go wide, as he picks something up. A SOCK WITH A RABBIT FACE ON IT. As he deposits the sock in a little plastic bag he looks over to see Ralph coming out of the Dovers' house with a duffle bag slung over his shoulder.
123) 0) text: The pictures of Anna and Joy nailed to the cell. Angle widens to reveal:
123) 17) text: She sees Anna passed out on the floor a few feet away. The windows look like they’ve been covered over with something -- all the furniture has been removed. There’s a homemade book on the floor with a familiar cover: FINISH ALL THE MAZES AND YOU CAN GO HOME. Joy starts to stand up -- HER VISION DISTORTING -- THE MORE SHE MOVES THE MORE DISTORTED HER VISION BECOMES. She struggles to steady herself -- her vision normalizes enough that she can discern the door is ajar... There’s a knocked over 2-liter bottle of what looks like grape-aid on the floor -- its purple contents have spilled out beneath the crack in the door, alerting their captor to the mess. There’s a mop leaned against the wall; someone in the middle of cleaning up the grape-aid - whoever it is can be heard in the kitchen using the sink, there’s a TV going somewhere -- Joy start shaking Anna -- gets her to wake up -- points to the door. Anna is too out of it to move. Joy pulls her up -- helps her -- Joy pulls Anna out the door -- everything starts spinning and distorting as they enter the hallway -- Joy blindly feels the wall, moving through the morphing interior -- Anna starting to lag... Then Joy's hand finds a door knob, she looks up and sees sunlight blasting in through the window glass on the top of the door -- a way out. Joy tries the knob -- it’s locked. She fumbles with the little turn lock on the door knob -- unlocks the door -- 173 Prisoners - Full Pink Script - 1/17/13 92A EXT. A BACKYARD -— CONTINUOUS 173 Joy's drugged POV -- as she move out the door, Anna right behind her -- the brightness of the outdoors is almost blinding -- the sound of someone stomping through the house after them -- THE KEEPER -- they start running across a morphing surface of snow and lawn as the Keeper gives chase... Joy plows through some hedges into what looks like a field, Anna starting to lag -- (CONTINUED)
150) 0) text: ANNA lies on the floor, asleep. THE SOUND OF THE DEADBOLT LOCK TUMBLING. She starts to wake up... The door starts to open -- when the DOORBELL RINGS --
158) 0) text: Keller opens the door to see Anna huddled in the corner. He walks towards her, eyes tearing, breath quickening...
159) 0) text: Loki approaches the same room, then stops, seeing a shadow on the wall, a figure, looming over Anna's shadow... Loki takes a breath, gun at the ready, inching towards the doorway...
160) 0) text: Keller, Anna in his arms now, rushing for the door -- when IT SLAMS IN HIS FACE and they’re thrown into
162) 0) text: Loki walks into the doorway, gun outstretched, eyes focusing: The shadow isn’t Keller -- it’s Holly Jones, now squatting beside Anna, her back to Loki, starting to inject the poison into her arm.
165) 0) text: ANNA IS STARTING TO CONVULSE IN THE BACK SEAT --—
169) 0) text: Loki’s POV -- Anna in the rearview, her convulsing getting worse -- Prisoners - Full Pink Script - 1/17/13 115A
171) 0) text: Loki peers back at Anna --
174) 14) dialog: Bye. Bye. Nancy leaves with the girls...