33) 33) dialog: You’re positive he’s innocent, but you want to keep holding him anyway?
33) 38) dialog: Since when are you mister bedside fucking manner? (CONTINUED)
33) 42) dialog: Fuck you. You find his daughter, he'll forgive you, you don’t, he’s gonna hate you anyway. Loki takes that in. O’Malley gives him a long look... CAPTAIN RICHARD O'MALLEY (CONT’D) Had my buddy from PSP’s homicide unit over for Thanksgiving... Loki looks a little caught...
33) 43) dialog: If you wanted a transfer you should've asked me. PSP’s homicide unit is a fine place to be -- I’m sure you'd fit right in there. But you’re getting ahead of yourself a little bit, don’t you think?
33) 45) dialog: Nothing. Why should you say anything? Not like I ever did anything for you. Some guilt sneaks into Loki’s expression --
33) 46) dialog: After the last round of layoffs I got maybe two guys here who know what they’re doing, and both of them are in this room.
33) 50) dialog: Find these kids, make me look good -- and maybe I’1l give you my blessing. So what’s next? We're coming up on twenty-four hours missing and you have exactly shit.
46) 2) dialog: I’m talking here. (back to Keller) (MORE ) (CONTINUED)
46) 5) dialog: I know your Dad was a guard at Graterford, and I got a daughter of my own so I’m gonna show some mercy on you. O'Malley uncuffs Keller from the chair. Keller stands up.
46) 6) dialog: As for Alex Jones, he has orders not to leave the commonwealth.
46) 8) dialog: Mr. Dover, tell Detective Loki what you told me -- he will definitely look into it. And when you're done, I need you to go home. Your family needs you at home, not hanging around here. Before Keller can argue O'Malley exits into THE CHAOTIC HALLWAY and shuts the door.
55) 16) dialog: (over the phone) Results came back for the corpse in the priest’s basement. No DNA, dental or fingerprint matches. The priest is sticking to his story; thinks he killed the next Ted Bundy.
61) 2) dialog: You said the runner at the vigil is our guy. I don’t have money in the budget for watching innocent people. O'Malley sees a sliver of doubt in Loki’s eyes before Loki can conceal it. Loki opens the door, and as he exits --
112) 3) dialog: How long has he been working on this...map? Loki looks at his watch wearily.
112) 5) dialog: You think it’s gonna lead you to the bodies? ‘Cause I sure as shit don’t.
112) 7) dialog: Looks more like a maze than a map.
112) 9) dialog: I’m going home. Call me if something happens.
117) 3) dialog: He explain this before he ate the bullet? Loki takes the drawing weakly, shaking his head.
117) 5) dialog: Fuck you're sorry. Save it for the girls' parents. EXT. HOLLY JONES’ HOUSE - DAY 161 Keller rings the bell. Listens. He hears someone moving around inside, TV’s on --
118) 17) dialog: Well at least I don’t have to worry about losing you to PSP. Loki isn’t listening, moving a shaky finger over the maze drawing, lost, trying to find his way out.
118) 18) dialog: When forensics is done with his place we’re deploying cadaver dogs. (beat) We’re not superheroes, kid. We don’t save the fucking day. We're cops. Hell’s janitors. You want fulfillment, start a family, have some kids. INT. LOKI’S DESK - CONYERS POLICE STATION - DAY 164 Loki walks to his desk, staring deliriously at the disarray. He straight-arms everything to the floor, computer monitor and all. No one walking by dares make mention of this. His desk is now bare but for an evidence bag containing Jones' matchbox RV. He sits down, takes the little RV out of the bag and sets it on his desk. He gives it the tiniest push, watching as it slowly rolls off the edge -- He reaches down to pick it up when something on the floor catches his eye... The crime scene photos of the corpse he found in Father Dunn’s basement. A close-up of the pendant the corpse was wearing with the maze carved into it. Suddenly energized, he pulls the photocopy of Bob's map from his pocket, unfolds it and sets it on the desk next to the photo of the corpse's pendant... THEY'RE IDENTICAL. Loki’s astounded. His cell phone RINGS.
147) 1) dialog: ...with a camera get within twenty feet of that room, you’re fired. (to Loki) Come here. He ushers Loki out of the rest of the cop’s earshot. Loki looks completely deflated, lost.
147) 3) dialog: No you’re not. Holly Jones needs to be notified. Go, now.