27) 0) text: What’s left of the RV. Sitting inside at the little kitchen table is Forensics Guy -- smarter than most, likes his job. He’s thinking, head leaned back, eyes closed. Loki walks inside and SLAPS the table --
27) 2) dialog: This thing's clean. I mean it's filthy as shit, but we didn't find anything. Loki seems unfazed by this piece of news, thinking -- (CONTINUED)
27) 7) dialog: If he just used this thing to transport them I might buy that, but if there was a struggle in here I would have found something. I'd start searching the woods near the rest stop.
118) 20) dialog: (over the phone) We found something. Prisoners - Full Pink Script - 1/17/13 87
119) 0) text: Loki walks up behind Forensics guy and the rest of his team, all of them staring down at... What looks like two little bodies, half buried under garden pebbles and mulch. But as Loki gets closer he sees it’s:
119) 1) dialog: Two kids size department store Mannequins with their heads caved in. And I just talked to my lab guys. They’re telling me all of the blood we sampled from the plastic containers is pig’s blood. (yelling to his team Get those covered! It’s supposed to snow soon. Come on, hurry up!
120) 0) text: A darkened mess of a room with mazes drawn on the walls and ceiling. Forensics Guy and Loki enter --
120) 1) dialog: It's like he’s playacting. Case in point, except for the few pieces ID'd by the Dovers and the Birches, all the other kids clothes we found still had the tags on them. And the book of mazes -- he made it out of photocopies, pictures in this book we found in the attic. Ex-FBI agent wrote it. Forensics Guy grabs a beat-up hardcover off a table.
120) 3) dialog: It’s about a theoretical suspect he claimed was responsible for numerous child abductions. Totally discredited I guess, but I read some of it, kind of interesting. Forensics Guy flips through the book showing Loki some full page photographs of the real book of mazes. (CONTINUED)
120) 7) dialog: There you go. Probably read this book and decided he was taken by the Invisible Man. Now he’s doing his best imitation.
120) 9) dialog: How did he do that? I thought he was in custody. Loki ignores the question and takes a photocopy of Bob’s Map out of his pocket.
120) 11) dialog: It’s not a map, it’s the last maze in the maze book. Unsolvable. No way out. Corpse is probably just another wannabe who read the book.
120) 13) dialog: That I can't reconcile. Loki pops a coffee bean in his mouth with a shaking hand, Forensics Guy watching on, concerned. (CONTINUED)