6) 0) text: Keller and Grace sit beside one another. Grace is drinking wine. Keller drinks milk. Nancy shakes her head as Franklin enters with his trumpet, obviously drunk.
6) 1) dialog: I’m taking requests. Anna and Joy run in behind him.
6) 12) dialog: (to Anna and Joy) If you want to find a whistle, you have to whistle for it. Franklin whistles a little something. Keller rolls his eyes. Anna and Joy fire back with a tuneless sampling of Jingle Bells. Everybody laughs. The girls take a bow, and exit.
6) 13) dialog: OK, Keller, what do you want to hear?
6) 15) dialog: Got too much respect for the Boss -— - can’t cover him drunk.
7) 0) text: Grace enters, Franklin’s Banner blaring through the house. Keller pours himself a fresh glass of milk, his back to her.
15) 3) dialog: I don’t believe this. Eliza enters from another room.
16) 0) text: Keller, Ralph and Franklin burst out the door.
26) 0) text: Keller and Ralph about to walk another lap around the circle when Franklin pulls up in his car and rolls down his window --
26) 1) dialog: They found the RV -- girls weren't inside. Parked on that rest stop near the south woods. They're putting together a search party. Keller and Ralph get into the car and Franklin takes off
29) 0) text: A constellation of flashlights moves through the woods. Ralph sticks by Keller, their eyes scanning, exhausted. Franklin trails behind them.
31) 2) text: 36 37 38 Prisoners - Full Pink Script - 1/17/13 19 INT. KITCHEN - THE BIRCHES’ HOUSE - CONTINUOUS 36B Franklin leads Loki into the kitchen. Nancy is sitting at the kitchen table, her back to them. Remnants of thanksgiving on the table, yet to be cleared --
43) 7) dialog: What's going on? Keller doesn’t answer, running past volunteers wearing SEARCH AND RESCUE jackets, startling a search dog -- INT. LOKI’S DESK - POLICE STATION - DAY 55 Loki sits at his desk, researching Fairmount Circle on his computer -- Father Dunn is being interrogated in the BG. Loki looks up, watching as Jones and his aunt are shown to the front desk... Jones’ aunt rubs his back as the DESK SERGEANT gives him paper work to fill out.
54) 4) dialog: Yeah, are you going to tell me why? He notices Keller looks like grim death, eyes red. His knuckles are wrapped in gauze.
55) 0) text: Franklin follows Keller to the front door of a two story apartment house. NO TRESPASSING. LEAD POISON. CONDEMNED. There’s a padlock on the front door. Keller has a key.
55) 1) dialog: You used to live here, didn’t you? Keller nods and Franklin follows him inside... INT. SECOND FLOOR APARTMENT —- APARTMENT HOUSE -CONTINUOU Keller and Franklin walk inside. Wires hanging out of the ceiling. Bare rafters. Cold air blowing through. Franklin waits for an explanation. Keller is looking around the place, like he sees things lurking in the shadows that Franklin can’t. A sound -- something CLANGING AGAINST A PIPE. (CONTINUED)
55) 4) dialog: What’s that? Keller walks to the closed bathroom door. He opens it, then steps aside, beckoning Franklin. Franklin approaches... A gutted bathroom. JONES SITS IN THE SHOWER STALL, tied to a pipe jutting from a hole in the wall, his head down, duct tape over his mouth... Franklin backs out of the room, pale-faced, he looks at Keller, shocked.
55) 5) dialog: What the hell is this? What did you do, Keller? Keller pulls him into the next room and gets in his face.
55) 7) dialog: So we take him back to the cops.
55) 9) dialog: What if you're wrong? What if you just heard what you wanted to hear? I want my daughter back as much as you do, but this isn’t right.
55) 14) dialog: What about us? Keller starts wrapping a rag tight around his knuckles.
57) 0) text: Franklin braces Jones, keeping him standing while -- CRACK -- Keller slugs his bloodied face for what looks like the hundredth time.
57) 5) dialog: 
58) 0) text: Keller unwraps the now bloodied rag from his knuckles while Franklin puts on a clean shirt. (CONTINUED)
58) 3) dialog: It doesn’t seem like he even knows what's happening to him.
58) 5) dialog: Start what up again? It’s not working.
59) 0) text: Franklin walks up the street towards where the RV once parked. It’s alive with lights. He gets closer. A candlelight vigil. At least a hundred people, standing in the cold. He walks past a reporter --
59) 7) dialog: The woods, searching. The lights are unbearable. He lets go of their hands, reeling a little.
59) 9) dialog: Nothing, I’m OK. Just need to sit down. As his wife and daughter walk after him, he sits down on someone's lawn and tries not to throw up. Across the way we see Loki watching. He turns -- scanning the crowd -- Loki’s POV -- somber, candlelit faces, breath showing in the cold, standing like a choir; all facing the same direction... Except for A TALL MAN, who's staring at the Birches... Loki starts carefully moving through the crowd...getting a better view of the Tall Man: pudgy, baby face, partly obscured by the hood of his parka -- Loki bumps into a woman -- knocks the candle from her hand --
60) 0) text: Franklin follows Keller up the front stairs, they’re in the midst of a hushed argument --
60) 1) dialog: Why would the police be looking for him if he didn’t --
64) 0) text: Franklin, shivering in his underwear fumbles in his backpack for clean clothes. He’s crying silently, wiping specks of blood off his face.
64) 4) dialog: We'll -- we’ll come back later. Need to get home.
64) 6) dialog: I’1l call you after Nancy falls asleep. I promise. Keller looks dubious.
65) 3) dialog: Don’t! Just don’t! She stops, shocked by the way he looks, like he’s aged, and his eyes -- staring through her. 90 91 92 93 Prisoners - Full Pink Script - 1/17/13 51
66) 0) text: With Franklin standing meekly behind her, Nancy rings the door bell over and over, until finally Keller opens the door. Nancy glowers at Keller, trembling...
66) 4) dialog: Where are we going?
67) 0) text: Keller, Nancy and Franklin exit the truck and walk silently across the parking lot. A doll peeks out of Nancy’s purse...
73) 0) text: Keller, Franklin and Nancy approach the closed bathroom door.
73) 1) dialog: We need to let him go.
73) 12) dialog: Are you out of your fucking mind?
73) 19) dialog: We don’t even know if he’s the guy, Keller.
73) 21) dialog: I want my daughter back as much as you do. I'd die for her -- but this needs to end.
73) 24) text: SUDDENLY JONES REACHES OUT AND GRABS HIM. Franklin drops the hammer. NANCY SCREAMS as he yanks his arm from Jones’ grasp. Franklin levels a long accusing stare at Keller.
75) 0) text: Franklin pulls into the driveway, Nancy sitting in the passenger seat. Both sit in silence for a moment, then:
75) 1) dialog: Keller's gonna kill him. The guy doesn’t know anything, Nancy. He’s just some poor fool who parked on our street... (beat) I’m gonna go back there -- without Keller -- let him out...
76) 3) dialog: What’s the matter? Nancy turns to him, terrified.
109) 0) text: Keller sits on a bench. A SQUEALING door opens. Franklin bursts out, horrified and rushes past him down the hall. Then Nancy comes out in tears, her eyes meet Keller's for a moment, stunning him -- Keller stands up, getting freaked out. Nancy rushes down the hall, sobbing, rushing after Franklin. Loki stands in the doorway looking shaken up.
130) 0) text: A crowded hallway -- Detective Chemilinski, FRANKLIN'S OLDER BROTHER with HIS WIFE. Keller pushes through, Grace behind him, wearing his coat over her nightgown. A COP stops them --
145) 0) text: Joy lies sleeping in her hospital bed, Nancy and Franklin on either side of her, watching the TV: shaky news footage of the apartment house, as Jones is loaded into the ambulance... A REPORTER stares into the camera, the commotion to his back.
175) 0) text: Nancy walks out with the girls. Eliza is there, Ralph by her side. Franklin is there too. Nancy looks at him, imploring him with a silent plea -- a plea Franklin looks to be struggling against... Franklin suddenly breaks Nancy’s gaze -- walks to a UNIFORM COP posted at the end of the hall...