2) 0) text: AN OLD YELLOWED RV as it weaves through CONYERS, PENNSYLVANIA: a blue collar town whose best days are half a century behind it. The RV turns onto Fairmount Circle, creeping past modest houses with slush covered lawns, past KELLER DOVER’S HOUSE, his pick-up truck parked in the driveway. The RV disappears around the bend as... The Dovers' front door opens and Keller’s daughter, ANNA, 6, walks out into the cold, followed by his wife, GRACE, a fragile looking beauty with a whisper thin voice:
2) 1) dialog: Wait, Anna.
3) 0) text: Nancy peeks at the venison, then wraps it back up while Grace chops an onion --
3) 2) dialog: No problem. Keller and Franklin work to insert the leaf in the dining table -- it’s not fitting. Keller uses his utility knife to shoehorn it. Anna comes running in, goes to straight to Keller --
3) 5) dialog: Wear your hat, you’re still getting over that cold.
6) 0) text: Keller and Grace sit beside one another. Grace is drinking wine. Keller drinks milk. Nancy shakes her head as Franklin enters with his trumpet, obviously drunk.
6) 3) dialog: Why?
6) 5) dialog: Sweetie, I think that whistle is long gone. Anna just stares back, waiting for another answer until: (CONTINUED)
6) 8) dialog: Fine, but get Ralph and Eliza to go with you please.
6) 11) dialog: She’s just like her father.
6) 14) dialog: (giggling, a little drunk) He used to love Springsteen in high school.
6) 17) dialog: Oh, he likes the Star Spangled Banner. Franklin starts to play the Banner. Nancy throws a couch pillow at him, laughing.
7) 0) text: Grace enters, Franklin’s Banner blaring through the house. Keller pours himself a fresh glass of milk, his back to her.
7) 2) dialog: Uh huh. Having fun? He turns around, immediately taken by her tipsy adoring eyes.
7) 4) dialog: (coyly) We’ll see about that. She kisses him passionately as Franklin's Banner reaches its soaring climax.
9) 2) dialog: (to Keller) I can’t find them.
9) 7) dialog: They didn’t come to get you earlier -- they were supposed to come and get you.
15) 0) text: Grace, Nancy and Ralph wait anxiously in the living room. Keller rushes in, out of breath.
15) 2) dialog: Oh God.
33) 0) text: Grace is sitting on the couch next to Detective Loki, who’s distracted, reading a text on his phone. Grace is composed, but there’s dread in her voice.
33) 1) dialog: Did we pass?
33) 3) dialog: The poly-whatever -- the lie detector we took this morning. (CONTINUED)
33) 7) dialog: Nancy's lawyer friend told us it would help speed things up. It's embarrassing, all this fuss. Everyone's going to think we're crazy when those two come out from wherever they're hiding.
33) 9) dialog: No, they were happy, but they must have run away... She looks to the window, her mind drifting as she listens to the faint sound of congregating neighbors outside.
33) 10) dialog: The police captain said you've solved every case you've ever been assigned. Loki nods, pretends to be humble, looking around at the framed photos adorning the walls, mostly of Ralph and Anna.
33) 11) dialog: Do you have children, Detective? Loki shakes his head. She looks at him askance. He touches her hand, his face taking on an unwavering conviction...
43) 0) text: Keller trudges through the woods. His cell phone rings. The caller ID: GRACE. Keller answers --
43) 2) dialog: (over the phone) They’re letting him go.
43) 4) dialog: (over the phone) The man, the police said they’re letting him go today.
50) 0) text: Keller walks in. Ralph sits by Grace’s bedside looking freaked out. She's holding on to him for dear life, hysterical; denial given way to manic terror.
50) 1) dialog: The zipper on her coat was broken, and I told her it didn't matter, that we were just going up the street. (to Keller) Why hasn't she come home? It’s been three days. Why can't you make her come home? I don't understand. It's been too long! Keller motions to Ralph to get up and sits down next to Grace. Ralph flees the room. She motions to a bottle of Xanax on the bedside table.
50) 2) dialog: Give me two, I just want to be knocked out. I can't be awake anymore. Keller complies and she swallows the pills with trembling hands. She lies back. Keller strokes her hair. She calms for a moment, then looks up at him accusingly.
50) 3) dialog: You made me feel so safe. You said you could protect us from anything. He starts to answer, but nothing comes out. He looks sickened with shame, turning away from her stare, his eyes finally resting on a ticking clock...
51) 0) text: Keller comes out of the bedroom. Grace is sleeping. Ralph stands awkwardly in the dark hallway.
79) 0) text: Grace lies in bed, sleeping, suddenly awakened as she hears a noise in the next room. She sits up.
79) 1) dialog: Anna? Anna? She gets out of bed...
80) 0) text: Grace moves slowly down the hallway. She sees the door to Anna’s room is open... INT. ANNA’S ROOM - THE DOVERS' HOUSE - CONTINUOUS Grace walks inside the room and turns on the light. Anna's window is conspicuously open, curtains billowing.
80) 1) dialog: Anna? I heard you. It’s Mommy, honey. Come out and see Mommy. She stands there in the middle of the room, zoning out, her breath starting to show in the cold. Ralph appears in the doorway, half asleep.
80) 3) dialog: She was in here. I heard her. And when I came in, the window was She starts to get dizzy. Loki steadies her and sits her down on the side of the bed.
80) 4) dialog: She opened her window. Ralph closed it, but it was open before. (beat) Aren't you going to write that down? Loki nods, and trying to do so with as little condescension as possible, pulls out his note pad and jots down:
80) 6) dialog: The basement. I need to check the basement.
81) 0) text: Grace leads Loki down the stairs. Loki looks around, a little taken aback by the floor to ceiling provisions. While Grace searches for Anna, Loki notices a little sketch on Keller’s work table: a stick figure in a box... Then he sees something else, among the provisions...a half used bag of lye. He lingers on it for a moment.
81) 2) dialog: I was going to ask you. He said he’s been helping the police look for Anna. Loki looks dubious, thinking...
81) 4) dialog: No. He’s never home until late. (CONTINUED)
95) 0) text: Keller walks in. Grace is passed out in bed. He takes his boots off, almost falling over in the process. Then he crawls into bed with his clothes on, his bloodshot eyes fluttering closed...
111) 0) text: Keller opens the door, looking in on Grace, passed out in bed. He watches her for a moment, his face like that of some malfunctioning robot... INT. ANNA’S ROOM - THE DOVERS' HOUSE - DAY 153 Ralph sits on his sister’s bed in shock, holding his cell phone. He looks up as Keller walks inside and goes to the window. There are two news vans parked out front.
127) 0) text: The phone is RINGING. It’s dark, the curtains are drawn. Grace emerges from the nest of blankets and picks up:
127) 1) dialog: (groggy, into phone) Hello? She listens, sitting there in the darkness... Prisoners - Full Pink Script - 1/17/13 93A
128) 0) text: Dirty clothes, wadded tissues and prescription bottles crowd the vanity. The sound of Grace running from room to room -- (CONTINUED)
128) 3) dialog: Keller!? Ralph?! She comes bursting into the bathroom and turns on the cold water, splashing it on her face --
128) 4) dialog: Wake up, Grace. Gotta wake up now. She accidentally knocks an open bottle of Xanax into the sink, half the pills spill out into the rushing water. She instinctively starts rescuing pills from the drain. But before long she decides to let them go. She dumps out the rest -- hears Keller's truck pulling up out front
129) 0) text: Keller is walking towards the house when Grace comes bursting out the front door in her nightgown -- puts her palsied hands on him --
129) 1) dialog: (frantic) We need to go to the hospital. They found Joy. She's alive. They didn't -- they didn't -- She starts sobbing -- Keller steadying her.
129) 3) dialog: Not Anna. Joy was alone. Anna wasn't with her -- Keller's POV, everything starts spinning, surreal, a news van heading for the Birches’ house whooshes by --
129) 4) dialog: We need to go see her. Maybe she knows where Anna is --
130) 0) text: A crowded hallway -- Detective Chemilinski, FRANKLIN'S OLDER BROTHER with HIS WIFE. Keller pushes through, Grace behind him, wearing his coat over her nightgown. A COP stops them --
130) 3) dialog: Don't touch me! Grace spots Franklin up the hall walking into a private room. There! She bolts down the hall, Keller right behind her --
130) 14) dialog: (to Joy) Just tell us she's alive. Can you give us a nod -- just nod your head. Joy says nothing. Grace tries to hold back tears, looks at Keller -- Franklin and Nancy staring at them -- when - Joy slowly reaches out and touches Keller’s hand -- looking like she’d only now just recognized him -- It's dead silent as Joy’s eyes meet Keller’s. Everyone watching, waiting, and then she speaks:
131) 2) dialog: Keller!
134) 0) text: Grace’s car pulls up in front of the apartment house. Ralph gets out of the driver’s seat, he opens the back door, grabs a duffle bag... Eliza gets out of the passenger side. Her cell phone rings, she checks it --
174) 4) dialog: She’s doing real good -- be on her feet in a few days. Behind them are Nancy and Joy. Grace seems possessed of some newfound strength, while Nancy seems withered and shaky.
174) 5) dialog: I hope we’re not intruding. Anna wanted to see her hero. Anna stares at Loki, unable to speak. He offers her his hand, noticing she's wearing a red whistle around her neck. She shakes his hand, regarding him like an apparition. And while she does Loki looks over at Nancy, picking up on the guilt that’s underlying her expression. She senses him reading her and looks away -- (CONTINUED)
174) 8) dialog: 
174) 12) dialog: (to Nancy) Will you give me a minute? Nancy nods, pushes Anna towards the exit -- Joy following them out --
176) 0) text: Grace stands by Loki’s bedside.
176) 2) dialog: No. She keeps insisting Joy helped her find it on Thanksgiving before they were taken, but I think she’s just confused... I got her a new one. (beat) He hasn’t contacted me. I know you don’t believe me, but he hasn't.
176) 4) dialog: Do you think you're going to find him? (CONTINUED)
176) 10) dialog: They’11 send him to jail?
176) 12) dialog: I miss him. Loki nods, not sure what to say to that.
176) 13) dialog: He did what he had to do for Anna. And I thank God that he did. Loki doesn’t answer, the two of them sharing the silence, until:
176) 14) dialog: He’s a good man. And with that she abruptly walks out... Loki picks the newspaper back up. He looks at the picture of Keller... EXT. BACK YARD - HOLLY JONES’ HOUSE - NIGHT 233 It's the middle of the night. The sound of GENERATORS HUMMING, powering industrial spot lights, illuminating the back yard as snow falls. The Trans Am has not been moved. The seats have been ripped out, lying next to the car. Closer to the house, two tired looking FORENSIC TECHS, late twenties, kneel on the ground scraping at the frozen soil -- they have a radio on, working to classical music The back door opens and out walks Loki, head bandaged. He looks broken, left the hospital too early. He surveys the backyard.