23) 4) dialog: (hollering to Loki) It was my husband’s. It’s for sale if you want it.
24) 0) text: Holly Jones leads Loki through cramped hallways, past little rooms clogged with old furniture.
24) 2) dialog: In the summertime he does, but this time of year he sleeps on the couch. She motions to a frayed sofa bed, where a MONGREL DOG is curled up sleeping.
25) 1) dialog: My husband. We had a fight...God, almost five years ago. (MORE ) (CONTINUED)
25) 4) dialog: He walked out and didn’t come back. Alex loved him like a father.
25) 6) dialog: My husband’s brother and his girlfriend. They died in a car accident when Alex was six. She opens the top drawer and presents it to Loki: some sorry looking clothes. A little Matchbox RV. HOLLY JONES (CONT’D) He doesn’t have much.
44) 2) dialog: Don’t talk to them, Alex.
47) 5) dialog: I‘ll be right in the next room, Alex. (CONTINUED)
53) 0) text: A narrow lane lined with dead hedges and garbage. Keller's pick up truck pulls up across the street from HOLLY JONES’ HOUSE... INT. KELLER’S TRUCK - PARKED - CONTINUOUS 66 Keller turns off the engine and watches the little house... 67 68 69 Prisoners - Full Pink Script - 1/17/13 37 INT. KELLER’S TRUCK - PARKED - LATER 67 Keller's eyes have lost some of their steely focus. He starts the truck, about to turn on his headlights when: The front door to the house opens, Holly Jones’ dog runs out and close behind it is Alex Jones holding the leash. Jones walks it to the edge of the yard, checks to see if anyone’s watching, then lifts the dog by its leash and lets it dangle while he taunts it under his breath. Keller looks sickened by the display, but stays in the truck. Jones lowers the dog back to the ground. And while it gasps for breath, Jones stares up at the sky and whistles a tune: Jingle Bells, jingle bells, jingle all the way -- Keller grips the steering wheel. He takes a breath. And gets out of the truck...
117) 6) dialog: Just a minute. Holly Jones opens the door. Keller's shaky, struggling to act normal. HOLLY JONES (CONT’D) Can I help you?
117) 8) dialog: I’m sorry, you’re who?
117) 10) dialog: What do you want?
117) 14) dialog: Would you like to come in?
118) 0) text: It’s a quaint little nook. Keller sits at the table, keeping his bandaged knuckles out of sight. Across from him sits Holly Jones. She drinks tea.
118) 1) dialog: My husband and I were very devout at one time. Spent our summers, driving around in that RV with our son -- handing out pamphlets, spreading the good word. But after our son died of cancer we started seeing things differently. Adopting Alex helped, but we never got over it. Keller shakes his head sympathetically. HOLLY JONES (CONT’D) You look very tired.
118) 3) dialog: I’m sorry, Alex never talked much, so I hardly know what to say to people when they come here. Keller waits for her to go on, and when she doesn’t.
118) 5) dialog: He talks. Good morning, good night, things like that, but it’s hard to get much more than that out of him. He had an accident when he was little. After that he started choosing his words a little too carefully. (CONTINUED)
118) 9) dialog: My husband kept snakes. It wasn’t so bad what happened, but Alex had a fear of them, and... (she trails off) It's not my favorite memory.
118) 11) dialog: You know you remind me of him a little -- my husband.
118) 13) dialog: It’s the eyes. She stares into his eyes for a moment, making him noticeably uncomfortable. He looks down, sees a newspaper on the table: TAYLOR COMMITS SUICIDE, LOCATION
141) 1) dialog: Just a minute. Holly Jones opens the door looking a little out of breath. She’s now holding a big ice pack around her hand. HOLLY JONES (CONT’D) Hello again.
141) 3) dialog: For what?
141) 7) dialog: You’ve already apologized for that.
141) 9) dialog: Oh. I see. (motioning to her ice pack) I burned myself. Feeling a little icky today. (beat) But I’m glad you want to talk some more. There’s no need to make excuses. Come in, you can make me some tea. INT. VESTIBULE - HOLLY JONES’ HOUSE - NIGHT 197 Jones’ Aunt shows Keller inside and closes the door, turning her back to him as she walks to the kitchen. Keller lingers in the vestibule, watching her, considering...
141) 10) dialog: What are you waiting for, Mr. Dover? He stops, looking caught.
141) 12) dialog: Come on in and make me some tea.
142) 4) dialog: Put your hands on your head and turn around. Keller doesn’t move.
142) 6) dialog: You don’t know me, Mr. Dover. Believe me when I tell you I won't let you go. Keller considers, watching her. Her eyes don’t waver. Her hands don’t shake... He puts his hands on his head and turns around. She moves in and lifts the back of his coat. There’s a pistol tucked into the back of his waistband. She grabs it out and tosses it into a nearby wastebasket. HOLLY JONES (CONT’D) Good. Now, right in front of you. The top drawer. Open it. Keller takes a breath, and opens the drawer... Inside is a rusted old pair of handcuffs. HOLLY JONES (CONT’D) Put them on. Keller doesn’t move. HOLLY JONES (CONT’D) Put them on. Keller takes his time picking up the handcuffs, observes their corroded condition. He clamps them on his wrists. Keeping the gun on him she opens the refrigerator and takes out a 2 liter bottle filled with the laced grape-aid. HOLLY JONES (CONT’D) You don’t have to drink the whole thing. About a third should be fine for a man your size. Something to keep you manageable. (MORE ) (CONTINUED)
142) 10) dialog: Drink it, Mr. Dover, or I’1l1 kill you right here in my kitchen, and then I'll bring your daughter in and make her scrub your brains off the floor. He lunges towards her --
142) 13) dialog: Good, isn't it. It’s my husband's recipe. Now we’re going out the back -- A RING TONE stops them both. Keller looks down at his coat pocket as his cell phone continues to RING -- HOLLY JONES (CONT’D) Take it out of your pocket. Do not answer it. With a little trouble due to his shackled hands, Keller pulls out his ringing cell phone. The caller ID displays: GRACE HOLLY JONES (CONT’D) Put it in the sink. Keller does as he’s told, then: HOLLY JONES (CONT’D) And your car keys -- on the table. Keller pulls his keys from his pocket, drops them on the table. (CONTINUED)
142) 16) dialog: Walk to the car. She directs him to the old Trans Am parked on the grass. HOLLY JONES (CONT’D) The look on your face when I opened the door -- my husband had that very same look the day we took Alex. (beat) He was the first kid we ever took. His real name was Jimmy or Barry -- I can’t remember. I doubt he can either. So many names. I forgot all about Bobby until I read about him in the paper. He never forgot us though -- neither will your neighbor's bitch daughter. They never really get away, their minds I mean. Making children disappear is how we wage war with God. Makes people lose their faith. Breeds demons like you. I’ve had to slow down since my husband disappeared, but I do what I can. Keller continues on, woozy. They arrive at the Trans Am. She opens the driver’s side door. HOLLY JONES (CONT’D) Get in. Keller gets behind the wheel. The keys are in the ignition. The key chain is an upside down cross. Standing inside the open car door, Holly Jones puts the gun to Keller’s head. HOLLY JONES (CONT’D) Start the car. Keller turns the key. The engine COUGHS -- HOLLY JONES (CONT’D) Keep trying. (CONTINUED)
143) 0) text: Keller lands hard, blood bubbling from the gunshot wound in his thigh. Keller's POV, staring straight up: Holly Jones staring down.
143) 1) dialog: Make yourself a tourniquet. If you can manage to stem the bleeding you might last as long as twenty-four hours. I'd love for you to still be alive when I dump your daughter's body down there. She starts dragging the board back over the hole... Keller tries to get up, gritting his teeth, and then he sees it: ANNA'S RED WHISTLE lying a few feet away from Bue as he reaches for it -- EVERYTHING GOES BLACK...
147) 0) text: Holly Jones hoists Keller’s duffle bag up off the floor and sets it on the kitchen table. She unzips it and starts emptying the contents on to the table: rope, the rifle, duct tape, the white bag Nancy gave Keller. She looks inside the bag... THE WHITE BOX WITH THE SKULL AND CROSSBONES, A SYRINGE... INT. BATHROOM - SECOND FLOOR APARTMENT —- CONTINUOUS 205 Loki and Forensiscs Guy stare at the empty cell, completely befuddled, as are the rest of the cops and forensics techs moving in and out. 206 207 Prisoners - Full Pink Script - 1/17/13 110 INT. SECOND FLOOR APARTMENT —- CONTINUOUS 206 Loki walks out of the bathroom. O’Malley is there, finishing giving orders to a UNIFORMED COP.
149) 0) text: Loki pulls up in front of Holly Jones’ house. He turns off the engine --
155) 0) text: Loki moves inside. Nobody there. He goes to leave when his eye catches a framed photo, basked in moonlight: Holly Jones’ husband wearing an unsettling smile, shirtless, revealing he’s wearing THE FAMILIAR MAZE PENDANT. HE’S THE CORPSE LOKI FOUND IN DUNN’S BASEMENT. SOMETHING'S KNOCKED OVER IN THE ADJACENT KITCHEN. Loki snaps back to attention, eyes darting, moving now... 215 216 217 218 219 220 221 222 223 224 Prisoners - Full Pink Script - 1/17/13 113
162) 0) text: Loki walks into the doorway, gun outstretched, eyes focusing: The shadow isn’t Keller -- it’s Holly Jones, now squatting beside Anna, her back to Loki, starting to inject the poison into her arm.
162) 3) dialog: Make sure they cremate me. I don’t want to be buried in some box.