4) 0) text: Joy and Anna take off running, racing each other. Ralph and Eliza take their time following them.
22) 0) text: Cut-up from the crash, Alex Jones stands against the wall. He seems spacey if not downright schizophrenic, staring blankly at the picture of Anna and Joy, Loki holds in front of his face.
123) 0) text: The pictures of Anna and Joy nailed to the cell. Angle widens to reveal:
123) 17) text: She sees Anna passed out on the floor a few feet away. The windows look like they’ve been covered over with something -- all the furniture has been removed. There’s a homemade book on the floor with a familiar cover: FINISH ALL THE MAZES AND YOU CAN GO HOME. Joy starts to stand up -- HER VISION DISTORTING -- THE MORE SHE MOVES THE MORE DISTORTED HER VISION BECOMES. She struggles to steady herself -- her vision normalizes enough that she can discern the door is ajar... There’s a knocked over 2-liter bottle of what looks like grape-aid on the floor -- its purple contents have spilled out beneath the crack in the door, alerting their captor to the mess. There’s a mop leaned against the wall; someone in the middle of cleaning up the grape-aid - whoever it is can be heard in the kitchen using the sink, there’s a TV going somewhere -- Joy start shaking Anna -- gets her to wake up -- points to the door. Anna is too out of it to move. Joy pulls her up -- helps her -- Joy pulls Anna out the door -- everything starts spinning and distorting as they enter the hallway -- Joy blindly feels the wall, moving through the morphing interior -- Anna starting to lag... Then Joy's hand finds a door knob, she looks up and sees sunlight blasting in through the window glass on the top of the door -- a way out. Joy tries the knob -- it’s locked. She fumbles with the little turn lock on the door knob -- unlocks the door -- 173 Prisoners - Full Pink Script - 1/17/13 92A EXT. A BACKYARD -— CONTINUOUS 173 Joy's drugged POV -- as she move out the door, Anna right behind her -- the brightness of the outdoors is almost blinding -- the sound of someone stomping through the house after them -- THE KEEPER -- they start running across a morphing surface of snow and lawn as the Keeper gives chase... Joy plows through some hedges into what looks like a field, Anna starting to lag -- (CONTINUED)
124) 0) text: Joy wanders through the woods, lost, exhausted, freezing.
125) 0) text: Joys's POV: walking along the side of the road as cars fly by looking like astral comets, the sound of their engines like ROARING LIONS --
126) 0) text: A WOMAN, 43, drives, drinking coffee, soft rock on the radio. She passes Joy on side of the road, running in the same direction. No coat on. Looks like she's in trouble. The Woman stops the car, rolling down her passenger side window as Joy runs past --
130) 15) dialog: You were there. Keller's eyes go wide...
130) 17) dialog: It put tape on our mouths. Everyone looks at Keller. He stares off, something building behind his eyes... 181 182 183 184 Prisoners - Full Pink Script - 1/17/13 97
145) 0) text: Joy lies sleeping in her hospital bed, Nancy and Franklin on either side of her, watching the TV: shaky news footage of the apartment house, as Jones is loaded into the ambulance... A REPORTER stares into the camera, the commotion to his back.
174) 14) dialog: Bye. Bye. Nancy leaves with the girls...