0) 0) text: A deer hops through waist-high grass, not far from.. KELLER DOVER, camouflage, hunting rifle in hand. A serious man, imposing, still built like a prize fighter at 37. He doesn’t move a muscle; letting his son take the shot... RALPH DOVER, 15, aims his rifle, a little shaky, still learning. He squeezes the trigger -- POP POP -- The deer stumbles towards us, shot in the neck. It backs up and collapses. The high grass hides its final moments in a canopy of swaying tendrils.
1) 0) text: Still early morning. A pick-up truck barrels down the highway. On the tailgate, in painted letters it says: KELLER DOVER REMODELING & REPAIRS. From above we see the shot deer lying in the pick-up’s flatbed. INT. KELLER’S TRUCK - TRAVELING Keller drives. Ralph sits in the passenger seat. The Everyday Testament is playing while Keller talks over it.
1) 1) dialog: Most important thing your Grandpa ever taught me. Be ready. Hurricane, flood, whatever it ends up being. No more food gets delivered to the grocery store, gas stations dry up. People turn on one another and all of a sudden all that stands between you and being dead is you. He looks at Ralph. Ralph nods, idolizes his father even if he barely understands him. Keller nods back, not finished, not satisfied, but done talking. He turns the Everyday Testament up -- (CONTINUED)
2) 0) text: AN OLD YELLOWED RV as it weaves through CONYERS, PENNSYLVANIA: a blue collar town whose best days are half a century behind it. The RV turns onto Fairmount Circle, creeping past modest houses with slush covered lawns, past KELLER DOVER’S HOUSE, his pick-up truck parked in the driveway. The RV disappears around the bend as... The Dovers' front door opens and Keller’s daughter, ANNA, 6, walks out into the cold, followed by his wife, GRACE, a fragile looking beauty with a whisper thin voice:
2) 5) dialog: Up you go -- Keller hoists Anna up on his shoulders, Grace watching on, smiling. Anna riding on his shoulders, Keller leads his family down the street to the Birches' house. (CONTINUED)
2) 9) dialog: Forget it. I'm barely getting enough carpentry work to keep up with the mortgage.
2) 11) dialog: (to Ralph) Like I keep telling your mother, it's an old building. Costa fortune to fix it up.
2) 14) dialog: No Ma‘am, this one’s Ralph’s. Ralph shyly accepts credit with an awkward smile. Keller slaps him on the back, proud as can be. Behind Franklin and Nancy stand their two girls: ELIZA, 15, and hiding behind her is JOY, 7, shy, wears glasses. Anna bolts inside, running into the house with Joy.
2) 15) dialog: Anna, we wait until we’re invited. (CONTINUED)
3) 4) dialog: Convince your brother to go with you and you can. Anna races from the kitchen as Grace yells after her:
6) 0) text: Keller and Grace sit beside one another. Grace is drinking wine. Keller drinks milk. Nancy shakes her head as Franklin enters with his trumpet, obviously drunk.
6) 16) dialog: Thank you.
6) 18) dialog: (smiling, getting up) Think I need a refill. 10 11 Prisoners - Full Pink Script - 1/17/13 8
7) 0) text: Grace enters, Franklin’s Banner blaring through the house. Keller pours himself a fresh glass of milk, his back to her.
7) 1) dialog: Think you hit the limit with the wine, hon. She sneaks up and wraps her arms around him --
7) 3) dialog: When I get you home I will be.
9) 0) text: Ralph and Eliza sit watching TV. They look lobotomized with boredom. Keller walks in.
9) 1) dialog: Where are your sisters? They both shrug their shoulders. Grace comes in behind Keller, flushed from too much wine.
9) 3) dialog: (to Ralph and Eliza) Did you take them to look for the whistle? Ralph and Eliza just stare blankly. (CONTINUED )
9) 9) dialog: Don’t worry, they’re probably at our house.
10) 0) text: Keller jogs down the street without his coat on.
11) 0) text: Keller moves fast through the kitchen...
11) 1) dialog: Girls?
12) 0) text: Keller double times it up the stairs...
12) 1) dialog: Anna? Girls?
13) 0) text: Keller runs in and out of the bedrooms one by one. They're not here.
14) 0) text: The light clicks on, Keller rushes down the stairs and looks around. Food and water to last a lifetime. Chemical toilets. Meds for radiation sickness. Guns. No girls. 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 Prisoners - Full Pink Script - 1/17/13 10
15) 0) text: Grace, Nancy and Ralph wait anxiously in the living room. Keller rushes in, out of breath.
15) 1) dialog: Are they here?
15) 6) dialog: Where?
16) 0) text: Keller, Ralph and Franklin burst out the door.
16) 1) dialog: (to Franklin) Go that way, we'll meet you on the other side. We follow Keller and Ralph as they sprint down the middle of the street. They slow, seeing ROGER, 40s, standing on his stoop puffing on a cigar --
16) 2) dialog: Roger, have you seen my daughter walk by here? Roger shakes his head. Then watches on, confused, as Ralph and Keller take off again, hauling ass down the street... Ralph makes a hard stop, pointing at some big tracks in the slush where the RV was parked.
16) 6) dialog: Were you guys messing around in this house?
16) 8) dialog: (to Ralph) Tell me everything you can remember about that RV...
21) 0) text: Ralph trails Keller, the two of them marching across a neighbor's lawn, shining their flashlights, searching. A GROGGY MAN, 52, peeks his head out the front door. (CONTINUED)
21) 4) dialog: Looking for my girl. Anna’s missing. Groggy Man gets his glasses on and sees the throngs of people walking down the street with flashlights.
26) 0) text: Keller and Ralph about to walk another lap around the circle when Franklin pulls up in his car and rolls down his window --
29) 0) text: A constellation of flashlights moves through the woods. Ralph sticks by Keller, their eyes scanning, exhausted. Franklin trails behind them.
32) 0) text: Keller splashes water on his face. A little gold crucifix hangs around his neck. His eyes drift to the toothbrush holder. The little toothbrush with the cartoon character on it.
33) 14) dialog: They were looking for Anna’s red whistle. (CONTINUED)
33) 19) dialog: Listen, my son told you, the guy was hiding inside that RV, watching them.
33) 21) dialog: You give him a lie detector?
33) 23) dialog: What does that mean? He ran. They said he tried to get away.
33) 26) dialog: He stays in custody until my daughter is found, right?
33) 28) dialog: Then charge him with something.
33) 30) dialog: Detective, two little girls gotta be worth whatever rules you have to break to keep that asshole in custody. considers for a moment while Keller's desperate eyes into him...
33) 31) dialog: I know you can’t promise me anything -- I’m just asking you to be sure. doesn’t answer.
33) 32) dialog: Thank you, Detective. I appreciate it. nods and drives off -- CAPTAIN’S OFFICE - POLICE STATION - DAY 40 CAPTAIN RICHARD O'MALLEY sits at his desk shaking his head at Loki.
43) 0) text: Keller trudges through the woods. His cell phone rings. The caller ID: GRACE. Keller answers --
43) 1) dialog: (into the phone) Hey.
43) 3) dialog: (into the phone) What?
43) 5) dialog: (into the phone) OK, it’s OK. I’m gonna take care of it. Keller hangs up, shocked, turns around. Franklin and Ralph are about twenty yards behind him. He takes off running towards them, weaving between trees, stomping through the snow, running right past them --
45) 0) text: Keller shoves past the reporters, making a bee line for Jones and his Aunt when the Uniformed escort blocks his path --
45) 4) dialog: I just want to talk to him. Loki exits the station, five cops trailing behind him --
45) 6) dialog: Thanks to you he’s a free man, right? I’m a free man, he’s a free man -- why can’t I talk to him? Keller struggles to break free of the gaggle of Uniformed Cops now trying like hell to get cuffs on him as he lunges at Jones -- Jones’ Aunt protectively trying to put herself between them --
45) 7) dialog: 
45) 9) dialog: 
46) 0) text: Loki walks in, O'Malley is talking to Keller, who's handcuffed to a chair. When Keller sees Loki he shakes his head in bitter disgust.
46) 7) dialog: What about what I just fucking told you?! Why aren't you sending someone to go arrest this guy?!
46) 10) dialog: That asshole you promised me you'd keep in custody, when I grabbed him in the parking lot, he said right to my fucking face: they didn't cry until I left them.
46) 12) dialog: What did I say -- yeah, just now in the parking lot.
46) 17) dialog: Jesus Christ -- you think I'm making this up? Loki observes Keller’s hands are shaking...
46) 19) dialog: Don't go see him. Go arrest him. Keller turns and walks out. Loki watches the door slam, his mind working...
49) 2) dialog: (into the phone) Have you arrested him?
50) 0) text: Keller walks in. Ralph sits by Grace’s bedside looking freaked out. She's holding on to him for dear life, hysterical; denial given way to manic terror.
51) 0) text: Keller comes out of the bedroom. Grace is sleeping. Ralph stands awkwardly in the dark hallway.
51) 1) dialog: I'm going out to help the police. Keep an eye on your mother. Ralph's been crying. His eyes beg his father not to leave. (CONTINUED)
51) 4) dialog: Come on now, your sister needs us to be brave for her. You gonna be brave -- be a grown-up for me? Ralph doesn’t answer. Keller holds his stare for second, then just rushes past him. But as Keller reaches the stairs, he stops, guilt creasing his face...he turns around, goes back and hugs his son.
51) 5) dialog: I know you’re scared. It’s gonna be OK. Crying now, Ralph holds on to his father for dear life.
52) 0) text: Keller walks out the door and gets in his truck. INT. KELLER’S TRUCK - PARKED - CONTINUOUS 64 Keller turns the ignition key. The Everyday Testament starts up. He sits there, looking unsure of where he’s going, a darkness clouding his visage...
53) 0) text: A narrow lane lined with dead hedges and garbage. Keller's pick up truck pulls up across the street from HOLLY JONES’ HOUSE... INT. KELLER’S TRUCK - PARKED - CONTINUOUS 66 Keller turns off the engine and watches the little house... 67 68 69 Prisoners - Full Pink Script - 1/17/13 37 INT. KELLER’S TRUCK - PARKED - LATER 67 Keller's eyes have lost some of their steely focus. He starts the truck, about to turn on his headlights when: The front door to the house opens, Holly Jones’ dog runs out and close behind it is Alex Jones holding the leash. Jones walks it to the edge of the yard, checks to see if anyone’s watching, then lifts the dog by its leash and lets it dangle while he taunts it under his breath. Keller looks sickened by the display, but stays in the truck. Jones lowers the dog back to the ground. And while it gasps for breath, Jones stares up at the sky and whistles a tune: Jingle Bells, jingle bells, jingle all the way -- Keller grips the steering wheel. He takes a breath. And gets out of the truck...
54) 0) text: Jones doesn’t notice Keller stalking up behind him as he walks beyond the last working street light into the darkness.
54) 1) dialog: Alex. Startled, Alex turns around to see Keller aiming a pistol at his head.
54) 2) dialog: That song you were just whistling, where did you hear it? Jones drops the dog’s leash to the ground and it runs off. He doesn’t look scared as much as quizzical, even when Keller presses the gun to his head. INT. JOY’S ROOM - THE BIRCHES' HOUSE - DAWN 69 Joy's gerbil runs through a habitrail. Through the window: Keller’s truck pulls up, HONKS. Franklin jogs out of the house carrying a back pack and gets in the truck -- 70 71 72 Prisoners - Full Pink Script - 1/17/13 38 INT. KELLER’S TRUCK - CONTINUOUS 70 Keller drives. Franklin sits in the passenger seat, the backpack on his lap, looking supremely confused.
54) 3) dialog: Did you bring a change of clothes like I told you?
54) 5) dialog: It's better if I just show you. Moments later. They turn down a narrow side street lined with slummy two story apartment houses. Keller parks the truck and gets out. Franklin doesn’t move.
54) 6) dialog: Let’s go. Franklin reluctantly gets out of the truck...
55) 0) text: Franklin follows Keller to the front door of a two story apartment house. NO TRESPASSING. LEAD POISON. CONDEMNED. There’s a padlock on the front door. Keller has a key.
55) 6) dialog: I heard him whistling the same song they were whistling on Thanksgiving. I swear to God, Franklin, the same fucking song. And I told you what he said in the parking lot.
55) 8) dialog: He’ll just clam up and act crazy like he did last time. Someone has to make him talk.
55) 10) dialog: We hurt him until he talks or they’re going to die. That’s the choice. I know what I heard. Franklin looks back inside at Jones, perhaps thinking on what horrible things he might have done to his daughter, rage starting to take hold -- (CONTINUED)
55) 13) dialog: He’s not a person anymore. He stopped being a person when he took our daughters. Franklin turns to Keller, looking painfully conflicted.
55) 15) dialog: I‘1l do whatever it takes. Franklin's still face as he listens: Keller moving into the bathroom, then...SMACK. Franklin winces, his face quivering -- SMACK -- SMACK -- EXT. NEIGHBOR’S HOUSE - FAIRMOUNT CIRCLE - DAY 73 A WOMAN, 36, is sprinkling rock salt on her icy front steps, eyeing something across the street... The FOR SALE house, Loki walking around the yard, talking on his phone --
57) 0) text: Franklin braces Jones, keeping him standing while -- CRACK -- Keller slugs his bloodied face for what looks like the hundredth time.
57) 1) dialog: Why? Why won’t you just fucking tell us!? Jones’ head is hanging now, he’s barely conscious. Keller motions for Franklin to wait a moment, walks out of the bathroom... Franklin stands there holding Jones -- Keller walks back in. Franklin’s face goes hard when he sees Keller is holding a hammer. Franklin starts to say something when Keller silences him with a look -- Keller holds the hammer up in front of Jones -- Jones regarding it blankly --
57) 2) dialog: You gonna make me use this? Keller grabs Jones’ arm, forces his hand down on the sink, raises the hammer --
57) 3) dialog: You’re doing this to yourself. Talk -- TALK! Jones’ eyes, like empty windows...
57) 4) dialog: Furious now, Keller slams Jones into the wall, looks like he’s going to hit him in the face with the hammer -- Franklin moves in to stop him --
58) 0) text: Keller unwraps the now bloodied rag from his knuckles while Franklin puts on a clean shirt. (CONTINUED)
58) 4) dialog: That's what he wants you to think. It’s an act. (beat) We'll start up again in the morning.
58) 6) dialog: Then we’ll try something else.
60) 0) text: Franklin follows Keller up the front stairs, they’re in the midst of a hushed argument --
60) 2) dialog: They did it together -- they know each other. I told you, Jones looked me in the eye and told me: they only cried when I left them. He knows where this guy is. (CONTINUED)
64) 1) dialog: We’re not done, Franklin. Keller stands a few feet away, blood on his shirt, stone faced. The closed door to the bathroom, Jones whimpering. (CONTINUED)
64) 5) dialog: It's been five days. Maybe five days since they’ve had a drink of water. This could be the last night that matters.
66) 0) text: With Franklin standing meekly behind her, Nancy rings the door bell over and over, until finally Keller opens the door. Nancy glowers at Keller, trembling...
66) 2) dialog: You tell anyone? Nancy shakes her head. She looks at Franklin, her anger starting to collapse into a desperate hope...
66) 5) dialog: Can’t keep parking in front -- people are gonna notice. We'll walk from here.
67) 0) text: Keller, Nancy and Franklin exit the truck and walk silently across the parking lot. A doll peeks out of Nancy’s purse...
68) 7) dialog: You untied him?! Jones is wriggling out the window, about to plunge three floors, when Keller grabs his legs and yanks him back in. (CONTINUED)
71) 0) text: Keller, leaned over the band saw lost in a cloud of saw dust as he slices through a piece of plywood. He slams nails into wood with a nail gun, one after another, like the ticking of some two ton clock hand. We’re too close to see what he’s building...
72) 3) dialog: Get Franklin. I need to show you how it works.
73) 0) text: Keller, Franklin and Nancy approach the closed bathroom door.
73) 2) dialog: You said that already.
73) 6) dialog: He will. Soon. You’ll see. INT. BATHROOM - SECOND FLOOR APARTMENT —- CONTINUOUS 99 No sign of Jones, but where the shower used to be is a false wall made of wood: THE CELL.
73) 7) dialog: No light gets in, barely enough room to sit down inside. The shower still works, but we control it from out here. I rigged the water heater, so it either comes out scalding or freezing. He motions to two pipes jutting out of the cell, with faucet knobs on the end, “cold” and “hot.”
73) 8) dialog: Talk to him through this -- Keller motions to a PVC pipe jutting out, bent like an elbow. Nancy leans in and listens: JONES IS INSIDE sobbing...
73) 10) dialog: To remind us. In case we start feeling sorry for him. Nancy and Franklin are stupefied.
73) 11) dialog: We can’t hurt him any more without killing him. This is the only way.
73) 17) dialog: You have a better idea? Go ahead, let him out if you want to. I won’t stop you. If that’s really what you want, go ahead. Franklin considers with harried eyes...
73) 18) dialog: You think someone is looking out for our girls the way you're looking out for him? Five days they’ve been gone now. We’re running out of time.
73) 20) dialog: I do.
73) 22) dialog: Then you better get to work. I'd start with that wall there. Franklin looks to Nancy, but her eyes are lost. He takes a breath, then goes to the cell, starting to pry at one of the walls with the hammer. After a few moments Nancy puts her hand on his shoulder -
73) 24) text: SUDDENLY JONES REACHES OUT AND GRABS HIM. Franklin drops the hammer. NANCY SCREAMS as he yanks his arm from Jones’ grasp. Franklin levels a long accusing stare at Keller.
77) 0) text: Back to the Intruder’s POV: as he moves across the street to the Dovers' house. Keller’s truck isn’t in the driveway. He moves around to the back of the house...
81) 0) text: Grace leads Loki down the stairs. Loki looks around, a little taken aback by the floor to ceiling provisions. While Grace searches for Anna, Loki notices a little sketch on Keller’s work table: a stick figure in a box... Then he sees something else, among the provisions...a half used bag of lye. He lingers on it for a moment.
83) 0) text: Keller emerges from his front door and walks to his truck.
84) 0) text: Loki drives, tailing Keller. He yawns then pops a coffee bean into his mouth. He turns the police radio down and turns on the FM, tuning in a 50s pop song, tapping along, trying to stay alert. INT. KELLER’S TRUCK - TRAVELING - CONTINUOUS 115 Keller listens to the Everyday Testament while he drives, fast forwarding, looking for something he’s not finding, until it EATS THE TAPE.
85) 0) text: Keller pulls into the parking lot --
86) 0) text: Keller gets out of the truck and starts across the parking lot towards the apartment house.
87) 0) text: Loki pulls to the side of the road, watching Keller trudge across the parking lot when a truck comes up behind him -- Loki waves him past, but the truck doesn’t budge, BLARING
88) 0) text: Keller hears the truck’s HORN BLARING. He looks over and spots Loki’s car. Keller freezes. He’s busted; standing in the middle of a parking lot, nowhere near his truck, about to lead Loki to the apartment house. He grimaces, thinking. He looks back over his shoulder. The liquor store MANAGER, 38, is raising the storefront security cage -- Keller does an about face, and starts walking back, veering towards the liquor store.
89) 0) text: Loki watches, baffled, as Keller walks into the liquor store.
90) 0) text: The freezing rain begins turning to snow. Loki’s side mirror reflects cars passing as he waits for Keller to come out of the liquor store.
91) 0) text: Loki watches as Keller walks from the liquor store, paper bag in hand, making a bee line for Loki’s car. Loki shakes his head; he can’t believe this guy. (CONTINUED)
92) 0) text: Keller knocks on Loki’s passenger side window. Loki puts the window down...
92) 1) dialog: Why are you following me?
93) 3) dialog: Used the lye to bury our dog last year. And helping the cops sounds better than I’ve been driving aimlessly in my truck, ‘cause I don't know what the fuck else to do.
93) 5) dialog: Probably.
93) 7) dialog: I heard. So what happened to him? (CONTINUED)
93) 11) dialog: I didn't think it was something I could get away with.
93) 13) dialog: Couldn't be that he skipped town ‘cause the asshole is guilty, nah couldn’t be that, ‘cause that would be your fault, wouldn’t it?
93) 15) dialog: (raises the bottle) To get this.
93) 17) dialog: I haven’t had a drink in a long time. I figured if I walked around the parking lot for a while, by the time they opened I'd stop wanting it so bad. Then I saw you, and that sort of helped make up my mind. Loki stares into Keller's eyes, finding no apparent trace of falsity, just undeniable sadness. Keller offers the bottle to Loki. Loki shakes his head.
93) 21) dialog: Thanks for the tip. (guzzles some whiskey) I heard kids gone for more than a week have half as good a chance of being found. And after a month almost none are. Not alive. Beat. A heavy quiet...the falling snow...
93) 24) dialog: I’m gonna walk. Keller shuts the door, and Loki watches as he walks off into the white blur of falling snow.
94) 0) text: Keller trudges up his driveway, completely drunk, half frozen. He tosses the now empty bottle of whiskey into a snow drift.
95) 0) text: Keller walks in. Grace is passed out in bed. He takes his boots off, almost falling over in the process. Then he crawls into bed with his clothes on, his bloodshot eyes fluttering closed...
96) 0) text: Keller wakes up aghast, and still a little drunk. He thinks for a moment -- staring at the spot where Anna stood in his dream, when suddenly his face goes hard with fright --
96) 1) dialog: No -- no -- He jumps out of bed -- INT. DEN - PAUL BREWER’S HOUSE - MOMENTS LATER 129 BILL BREWER, 8, stares through a sliding glass door at the pool area in his back yard. He’s intently watching something we can’t yet see...
98) 0) text: Keller walks across the parking lot towards his truck, still parked where he left it the previous day...and right past it, on to the apartment house...
99) 0) text: The cell, the sound of the SHOWER BLASTING INSIDE. Steam rises from the PVC pipe as Jones BANGS ON THE INSIDE -- Keller turns it off. He looks close to tears -- hitting his breaking point...when he hears something -- Jones mumbling something over and over again:
99) 2) dialog: What do you mean? Who are you then? Come on -- talk to me.
99) 4) dialog: You ARE him -- this IS happening. All you need to do to make it stop is tell me where they are. No response. Just a horrible dripping sound... Keller takes a breath, then:
99) 5) dialog: Don’t make me do this anymore. Keller reaches to turn the water back on, but he can’t -- tears crawling down his face as he mouths: I’m sorry -- (CONTINUED)
100) 0) text: Keller stands up -- takes a breath, looks over at the cell...
102) 0) text: Keller is about to turn the hot water back on when he hears something outside. He goes to the bathroom window, looks down into the back alley and sees: Loki trying to remove the board from a low lying window -
102) 1) dialog: Fuck me.
103) 0) text: Keller jumps down flights of stairs, making a mad dash for...
103) 4) dialog: Fuck you.
103) 8) dialog: What about him? I came here to drink. Didn’t want to do it in front of my wife. My father left me this building. Loki considers.
104) 0) text: Keller walks up the stairs, panic in his eyes, Loki a few steps behind him.
104) 2) dialog: Didn't think it mattered.
104) 6) dialog: Pray for the best. Prepare for the worst. Loki nods condescendingly. 143 144 145 146 Prisoners - Full Pink Script - 1/17/13 71
105) 0) text: Loki follows Keller up the stairs to the second floor. Keller slows the ascent, desperate, doesn’t know what to do --
106) 0) text: Loki rushes past Keller up the stairs to the second floor as Jill gives him the plates... Keller freezes, going out of his mind as he listens to Loki's ECHOING FOOT FALLS... Until they suddenly stop. HE'S AT THE DOOR. Keller takes a breath and bounds up the rest of the stairs, just in time to see Loki disappear into the apartment -- INT. SECOND FLOOR APARTMENT —- CONTINUOUS 146 Loki walks inside, hangs up his phone and takes a quick look, rushing, distracted. THE DOOR TO THE BATHROOM IS OPEN, but the light is out. Jones is silent and from where Loki is standing... The cell looks like just another unfinished wall. Loki turns around and rushes out -- 147 148 Prisoners - Full Pink Script - 1/17/13 72
107) 0) text: Loki walks out into the hall. Keller is waiting for him, ready to be busted. But then Loki just rushes right past him, barreling down the stairs --
109) 0) text: Keller sits on a bench. A SQUEALING door opens. Franklin bursts out, horrified and rushes past him down the hall. Then Nancy comes out in tears, her eyes meet Keller's for a moment, stunning him -- Keller stands up, getting freaked out. Nancy rushes down the hall, sobbing, rushing after Franklin. Loki stands in the doorway looking shaken up.
109) 5) dialog: She’s not coming. Loki nods, considering.
110) 0) text: A banged up table covered with evidence bags, all containing different articles of bloody children’s clothing. Loki watches on as Keller stares down at the bagged clothes.
110) 1) dialog: He confessed? He said he killed them?
110) 7) dialog: You wasted time -- you wasted time following ME! YOU LET THIS
110) 10) dialog: Keep telling yourself that. Keller walks out and SLAMS THE DOOR -- Loki looks down at the bloody sock in the plastic bag. He lingers on it guiltily, perhaps imagining how it came to be here... Loki seems to lose himself for a moment, his face going sick...
111) 0) text: Keller opens the door, looking in on Grace, passed out in bed. He watches her for a moment, his face like that of some malfunctioning robot... INT. ANNA’S ROOM - THE DOVERS' HOUSE - DAY 153 Ralph sits on his sister’s bed in shock, holding his cell phone. He looks up as Keller walks inside and goes to the window. There are two news vans parked out front.
111) 1) dialog: Don’t talk to them. Ralph stands up.
111) 5) dialog: No.
111) 7) dialog: Don’t you tell your mother that. Don’t you dare tell her that. You understand me? Ralph's goes rigid, his eyes burn into Keller's.
111) 8) dialog: I want you to listen to me. I need you to stay around the house for the next couple days, make sure she doesn’t see the news -- when the paper comes throw it the fuck away. We don’t give up on your sister -- I’m gonna find her and bring her home. We do not give up on her, you understand? Ralph's shakes his head, raging --
115) 0) text: Darkness. The front door opens, Nancy enters, punches a code into the alarm keypad, keys jingling -- She hits the lights and rushes down a hallway to a supply closet. She fumbles through her keys with trembling hands, her breath quickening. She gets it open, takes a breath -- INT. SECOND FLOOR APARTMENT —- APARTMENT HOUSE - NIGHT 15 The closed front door to the apartment as someone KNOCKS Keller rushes out of the bathroom, his heart in his throat as the front door swings open. It’s Nancy Birch, clutching a white paper bag. Keller breathes out, relieved. She slowly makes a bee line for the closed bathroom door.
115) 1) dialog: Why are you here? She opens the bathroom door and peers inside. A cold washes over her.
115) 4) dialog: Jesus. Just like that, huh? (CONTINUED)
115) 8) dialog: They found some clothes -- they haven’t found the bodies. I’m not giving up. I’m not having Christmas without my daughter.
116) 0) text: Keller sits on the floor across from the cell, guzzling whiskey from his coffee thermos. He sets down the thermos. Picks up the white paper bag, peers inside... (CONTINUED)
116) 5) dialog: What? (beat) What did you say?
116) 7) dialog: What maze? Where is it? How do I get there? It’s OK, I’m gonna get you out of there. Just tell me where the maze is. Keller waits and waits, the tension building to an excruciating crescendo...until JONES STARTS TO LAUGH. Keller, enraged, BEATS ON THE CELL WITH HIS FISTS,
116) 9) dialog: 
116) 11) dialog: Something’s gonna get to you.
117) 7) dialog: Good morning Ma'am. I’m Keller Dover.
117) 9) dialog: My little girl was abducted with her friend -- She recognizes him and steps back, starting to close the door, fear in her eyes.
117) 11) dialog: I’m sorry, I guess I didn’t think this through too good. I’ve just been thinking a lot about what happened with your nephew. I know I scared him that day at the police station. I guess what I’m trying to say is I feel responsible for him running away. (CONTINUED)
118) 0) text: It’s a quaint little nook. Keller sits at the table, keeping his bandaged knuckles out of sight. Across from him sits Holly Jones. She drinks tea.
118) 2) dialog: I don’t sleep much. Keep dreaming about being lost in a maze. Keller watches for her reaction to his mention of the word, but she doesn’t react whatsoever. Instead there’s a long, awkward silence, until:
118) 4) dialog: He doesn’t talk much?
118) 8) dialog: What kind of accident?
118) 10) dialog: I’m sorry, it’s none of my business.
118) 12) dialog: Oh?
123) 2) dialog: Feel him? Nothing, and then Jones starts THRASHING inside the cell, SCREAMING. Keller yanks the snake back out -- (CONTINUED)
123) 5) dialog: It’s going all the way in if you don’t start talking. Keller BANGS on the cell --
123) 6) dialog: You hear me? No reply. So Keller feeds the snake back in...until JONES LETS OUT A SCREECH and the cell starts shaking. Keller slowly pulls the snake back out --
123) 7) dialog: Last chance. The snake dangles from Keller’s hand, curling and uncurling, HISSING --
123) 8) dialog: 
123) 10) dialog: Tell me about the God damn maze, asshole! Tell me and I’1l get you out right now. I’11 take you home to your aunt. Angle widens to reveal another dozen snakes in a cardboard box. Keller grabs another one. He starts feeding it into the tube when he hears JONES TRYING TO SAY SOMETHING and yanks it back out -- Keller presses his ear to the tube, but he still can’t hear what Jones is saying. He grabs a claw hammer off the floor... And starts prying off a small panel of wood right where Jones’ head is, until... Jones’ cadaver-like face is revealed, his mouth is moving, but Keller still can’t hear him... So he moves in closer, putting his head inside the cell, until his face is just inches away from Jones’...
123) 15) dialog: 
129) 0) text: Keller is walking towards the house when Grace comes bursting out the front door in her nightgown -- puts her palsied hands on him --
129) 2) dialog: What? What? She hugs him hard, talking into his shoulder:
129) 5) dialog: No, I'll go, you stay in case -- (CONTINUED)
130) 0) text: A crowded hallway -- Detective Chemilinski, FRANKLIN'S OLDER BROTHER with HIS WIFE. Keller pushes through, Grace behind him, wearing his coat over her nightgown. A COP stops them --
130) 12) dialog: Was it far from our street? Joy? Did it take long to get there?
130) 16) dialog: What? I was where?
132) 0) text: Keller runs out of the entrance, booking it for his truck -- he hears voices starting to erupt behind him --
133) 0) text: Back to the entrance as Loki bursts out and runs to his car -- across the way he sees Keller’s truck screeching off down the road -- Loki gets in his sedan -- while two other cops run to their cruisers -- 185 186 Prisoners - Full Pink Script - 1/17/13 98 INT. LOKI’S SEDAN - MOMENTS LATER 185 Loki starts the engine, backs out fast -- reverses his car over the grassy median, the car shaking and bumping - then spins out in the main road, oncoming traffic swerving past him -- horns blaring -- he floors it, picking up speed -- Loki speeds past car after car, then stops at an intersection, craning his head, looking every which way -
141) 0) text: Keller rings the doorbell. Angle widens -- he’s standing at the door, holding a duffle bag...
141) 2) dialog: Hello. I was -- I was hoping you'd let me do some penance. She looks a little baffled.
141) 4) dialog: For scaring you that day at the police station. She nods, regaining her poker face. (CONTINUED)
141) 8) dialog: I know, but I thought you might need something fixed up around the house? Brought my tools. She eyes his bag.
141) 11) dialog: What?
142) 0) text: Keller turns on the faucet, fills the tea kettle with water. He turns on the gas fueled stove burner. He stares down into the little blue flame --
142) 1) dialog: I don’t want to have to hurt you. I know they were here -- (CONTINUED)
142) 5) dialog: I’m just gonna go.
142) 9) dialog: Forget it.
142) 11) dialog: 
142) 21) dialog: You want me to get in there, you’re gonna have to shoot me. I’m not doing it just ‘cause you asked -- BANG. She fires a shot into Keller’s thigh. He stumbles -- the soil crumbles out from under him and he falls...
143) 0) text: Keller lands hard, blood bubbling from the gunshot wound in his thigh. Keller's POV, staring straight up: Holly Jones staring down.
144) 0) text: Holly gets in Keller’s truck and starts it up. She drives it into the backyard, out of sight...
147) 0) text: Holly Jones hoists Keller’s duffle bag up off the floor and sets it on the kitchen table. She unzips it and starts emptying the contents on to the table: rope, the rifle, duct tape, the white bag Nancy gave Keller. She looks inside the bag... THE WHITE BOX WITH THE SKULL AND CROSSBONES, A SYRINGE... INT. BATHROOM - SECOND FLOOR APARTMENT —- CONTINUOUS 205 Loki and Forensiscs Guy stare at the empty cell, completely befuddled, as are the rest of the cops and forensics techs moving in and out. 206 207 Prisoners - Full Pink Script - 1/17/13 110 INT. SECOND FLOOR APARTMENT —- CONTINUOUS 206 Loki walks out of the bathroom. O’Malley is there, finishing giving orders to a UNIFORMED COP.
148) 0) text: DARKNESS -- as Keller flicks a lighter, the quivering flame illuminating his face. He looks up...climbing out might not be an option. He looks down at his hands. The rusted chain connecting the handcuffs broke in the fall. He moves the flame around illuminating two rusted children’s bicycles, several empty plastic 2 liter bottles...an old dirt encrusted child’s sneaker... He reels, loses his breath, lets the flame go out. He reaches up, digs his hands in the wall and starts trying to climb out... After a few feet the dirt crumbles like dry cake and he slides back down. He flicks the lighter again, looks up at the dirt wall...spies a loop of tree root protruding out. He tries to grab it, but it’s just out of reach... He grabs the children’s bicycles, stacks them against the dirt wall -- he’s able to step up on them, gives hima little more height, he reaches up... Grabs hold of the loop of tree root -- he PULLS HIMSELF UP -- reaching his other hand up, grabbing at the lip of the hole -- 208 209 210 211 212 Prisoners - Full Pink Script - 1/17/13 111
152) 0) text: Keller's fingers peeking out from under the sheet of plywood as he manages to push it off center, giving him enough space to climb out... Keller grabs hold of one of the Trans Am’s underside pipes -- the pipe BREAKS -- OIL SPRAYS IN KELLER’S FACE as he grabs hold of another pipe, and pulls himself up and out... Keller crawls out from under the Trans Am. He leans against the car, blackened with dirt and motor oil, sucking air...
154) 0) text: The back door opens. Keller creeps inside, his oil slicked form almost invisible in the gloom...
156) 0) text: Loki’s POV as he enters the kitchen: Keller’s duffle bag on the kitchen table. The open box with the skull and crossbones: POISON! Fast acting, humane...
157) 0) text: Keller, moves into the hallway, holding his breath, back to the wall. He opens a door and looks in at... A room stuffed with old furniture and junk... He moves on to the next. The closed door with the deadbolt on the outside... He turns the lock, bracing himself...
158) 0) text: Keller opens the door to see Anna huddled in the corner. He walks towards her, eyes tearing, breath quickening...
160) 0) text: Keller, Anna in his arms now, rushing for the door -- when IT SLAMS IN HIS FACE and they’re thrown into
161) 0) text: BLACKNESS...the click of Keller’s mini-maglight, shining up under his chin. His face, sea-sick, blinking, rubbing his eyes, seeing: (CONTINUED)
162) 0) text: Loki walks into the doorway, gun outstretched, eyes focusing: The shadow isn’t Keller -- it’s Holly Jones, now squatting beside Anna, her back to Loki, starting to inject the poison into her arm.