2) 13) dialog: Happy Thanksgiving. Keller, you bring that poor deer you shot?
2) 18) dialog: Oh, for God’s sake, Keller, get the hell in here.
3) 0) text: Nancy peeks at the venison, then wraps it back up while Grace chops an onion --
3) 1) dialog: You’re in charge of this. Us veterinarians make lousy butchers.
6) 0) text: Keller and Grace sit beside one another. Grace is drinking wine. Keller drinks milk. Nancy shakes her head as Franklin enters with his trumpet, obviously drunk.
6) 9) dialog: What whistle?
15) 0) text: Grace, Nancy and Ralph wait anxiously in the living room. Keller rushes in, out of breath.
31) 2) text: 36 37 38 Prisoners - Full Pink Script - 1/17/13 19 INT. KITCHEN - THE BIRCHES’ HOUSE - CONTINUOUS 36B Franklin leads Loki into the kitchen. Nancy is sitting at the kitchen table, her back to them. Remnants of thanksgiving on the table, yet to be cleared --
31) 4) dialog: This is a better picture than the one my husband gave you. You can see her eyes more clearly... Loki takes the picture, nods -- Nancy staring up at him, imploring him with a hard look -- eyes swelling with tears. INT. RALPH’S ROOM - THE DOVERS' HOUSE - CONTINUOUS 36 Ralph lies asleep on top of the covers, clothes and muddy sneakers still on.
59) 4) dialog: Hi. He takes her hand, then Eliza's...
59) 5) dialog: (whispers to Franklin) Where have you been? He doesn’t answer. All the lights are making him nauseous.
59) 6) dialog: Franklin?
59) 8) dialog: What is it?
65) 0) text: Nancy pours Eliza a bowl of cereal, they both look exhausted.
65) 1) dialog: Will you do me a favor and start feeding your sister’s gerbil? Just until she comes back. Eliza nods. Nancy pours the milk, sits down, her cold coffee waiting. Eliza eats a cereal flake with her fingers. The sound of Franklin coming in the front door. Nancy gets up fast -- INT. VESTIBULE - THE BIRCH’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS 89 Franklin locks the front door as Nancy appears behind him.
65) 2) dialog: Do you know what time it is? He turns, snaps at her --
66) 0) text: With Franklin standing meekly behind her, Nancy rings the door bell over and over, until finally Keller opens the door. Nancy glowers at Keller, trembling...
66) 1) dialog: What the hell were you thinking? Keller gives Franklin the evil eye, then steps outside, closes the door behind him -- shoots Nancy a hard look...
66) 3) dialog: I want to see him. INT. KELLER’S TRUCK - TRAVELING - NIGHT 91 Nancy and Franklin ride up front with Keller. Keller pulls into a liquor store parking lot.
67) 0) text: Keller, Nancy and Franklin exit the truck and walk silently across the parking lot. A doll peeks out of Nancy’s purse...
68) 0) text: The bathroom door opens. Nancy walks in, alone, clutching her purse... Jones’ wrists are tied to a pipe in the shower. His face is all but hidden; wrapped in blood soaked rags, just one eye peeks out... (CONTINUED)
68) 3) dialog: This is her favorite doll. She can’t sleep without it. Nancy fights to keep from crying. She looks to Jones, his cyclops eye staring blankly.
68) 4) dialog: She did these drawings. They're kind of sad, see. She hasn’t had the easiest life. He starts to come to life a little; leaning over to get a closer look at the photos and drawings.
68) 5) dialog: Please help her. She stops and considers for a moment. Then, with shaking hands, she starts to remove the rags from Jones’ head. His face is a horror. She peels the duct tape off Jones’ mouth, revealing the rag stuffed inside. She pulls it out, then sets about untying his wrists from the pipe, freeing his mangled hands. Jones’ mouth starts moving. He’s saying something... Nancy moves in closer, closer, until finally she gets the message:
72) 0) text: Nancy stands in front of the humming microwave, zoning out as leftovers bubble and melt. IT BEEPS. The clock: 2:05 am. The door bell rings, jolts her --
72) 2) dialog: What is it -- what happened?
73) 0) text: Keller, Franklin and Nancy approach the closed bathroom door.
73) 3) dialog: Has he said anything new? (CONTINUED)
73) 9) dialog: Oh my God. Franklin notices a little picture of Anna and Joy tacked to the outside of the cell.
73) 23) dialog: Don’t. Franklin, stop. He shakes his head and keeps on prying at the wood,
73) 24) text: SUDDENLY JONES REACHES OUT AND GRABS HIM. Franklin drops the hammer. NANCY SCREAMS as he yanks his arm from Jones’ grasp. Franklin levels a long accusing stare at Keller.
73) 25) dialog: Let’s just go. Please. (CONTINUED)
75) 0) text: Franklin pulls into the driveway, Nancy sitting in the passenger seat. Both sit in silence for a moment, then:
75) 2) dialog: You’re not going back to that place. (CONTINUED)
75) 5) dialog: If you do, I'll call the police and tell them everything. (beat) We’re not gonna help Keller -- but we're not gonna stop him either. Let him do what he thinks he needs to... (beat) We don’t know about it anymore. And with that Nancy gets out and shuts the door -- leaving Franklin in shocked silence. 104 Prisoners - Full Pink Script - 1/17/13 58
76) 0) text: Nancy walks down the hallway, stopping at the closed bathroom door. She knocks.
76) 1) dialog: Eliza? She knocks again.
76) 2) dialog: Eliza? You in there? She tries the door. It’s locked. Franklin comes up behind her.
76) 4) dialog: She’s not answering. Franklin's eyes go wide. Nancy rattles the doorknob --
76) 6) dialog: Eliza, honey open the door. Open the door, sweetheart -- Oh Jesus -- (screaming at Franklin) Break it down! Hurry up! Franklin stands back, about to kick the door in when Eliza opens the door in a towel, hand over her cell phone.
76) 8) dialog: I’m sorry, honey, we thought you were sleeping -- we were at the police station -- Eliza slams the door in their face. 105 106 107 108 109 Prisoners - Full Pink Script - 1/17/13 59
109) 0) text: Keller sits on a bench. A SQUEALING door opens. Franklin bursts out, horrified and rushes past him down the hall. Then Nancy comes out in tears, her eyes meet Keller's for a moment, stunning him -- Keller stands up, getting freaked out. Nancy rushes down the hall, sobbing, rushing after Franklin. Loki stands in the doorway looking shaken up.
115) 0) text: Darkness. The front door opens, Nancy enters, punches a code into the alarm keypad, keys jingling -- She hits the lights and rushes down a hallway to a supply closet. She fumbles through her keys with trembling hands, her breath quickening. She gets it open, takes a breath -- INT. SECOND FLOOR APARTMENT —- APARTMENT HOUSE - NIGHT 15 The closed front door to the apartment as someone KNOCKS Keller rushes out of the bathroom, his heart in his throat as the front door swings open. It’s Nancy Birch, clutching a white paper bag. Keller breathes out, relieved. She slowly makes a bee line for the closed bathroom door.
115) 2) dialog: I was praying you had ended this already. She grimaces, thinking to herself, checking something over in her mind. Finally she holds up the white paper bag weakly.
115) 3) dialog: I got it from work. (beat) We use it to -- to put down animals.
115) 7) dialog: You started this. You went and took him. Got Franklin involved. This isn’t your decision to make. You and Franklin will go to jail -- I could go to jail. And then what will happen to Eliza? I need to protect what’s left of my family, Keller. (motions to the bathroom) He’s beyond help anyway. She shoves the bag into Keller’s hand, looks away and starts to cry bitterly.
115) 9) dialog: They had Joy’s bloody pants ina plastic bag for Christ’s sake! What do you think that means? She breaks down and puts her head on his chest, sobbing, holding on to him for dear life.
115) 10) dialog: I can hear him -- anytime it’s quiet -- I can hear him trying to get out, can smell him on my clothes. You have to make it stop. She steps back, wiping the tears from her face, trying vainly to calm herself down as she turns and walks to the exit...
115) 11) dialog: And when it’s done, burn this place. The door shuts, she’s gone. It’s quiet. Just Keller and the white paper bag in his hands...
120) 20) dialog: I told you to feed it! Why didn’t you feed it?! Eliza stands there in shock. She gives her mother a hating look, shakes her head in disbelief and rushes from the room -- EXT. THE BIRCHES’ HOUSE - CONTINUOUS 169A Eliza bursts out the front door, starts walking down the street towards the Dovers’ house. Nancy appears in the doorway yelling after her --
120) 21) dialog: Get back here! I can’t handle this right now! Eliza ignores her, keeps walking. Nancy retreats back inside her house and SLAMS THE DOOR -- Prisoners - Full Pink Script - 1/17/13 89A
130) 5) dialog: Eliza’s not picking up. Before Franklin can answer Grace and Keller move inside - the Cop right behind them --
130) 7) dialog: It's OK, It's OK -- The Cop looks at Keller and Grace, his demeanor softening as he recognizes who they are... (CONTINUED)
130) 11) dialog: (to Grace and Keller) They’re gonna find Anna too, I know they are. Grace and Keller aren't listening, mesmerized by the sight of Joy lying there like some dream come to life. Keller squats down by the bed and looks Joy in the eyes.
145) 0) text: Joy lies sleeping in her hospital bed, Nancy and Franklin on either side of her, watching the TV: shaky news footage of the apartment house, as Jones is loaded into the ambulance... A REPORTER stares into the camera, the commotion to his back.
147) 0) text: Holly Jones hoists Keller’s duffle bag up off the floor and sets it on the kitchen table. She unzips it and starts emptying the contents on to the table: rope, the rifle, duct tape, the white bag Nancy gave Keller. She looks inside the bag... THE WHITE BOX WITH THE SKULL AND CROSSBONES, A SYRINGE... INT. BATHROOM - SECOND FLOOR APARTMENT —- CONTINUOUS 205 Loki and Forensiscs Guy stare at the empty cell, completely befuddled, as are the rest of the cops and forensics techs moving in and out. 206 207 Prisoners - Full Pink Script - 1/17/13 110 INT. SECOND FLOOR APARTMENT —- CONTINUOUS 206 Loki walks out of the bathroom. O’Malley is there, finishing giving orders to a UNIFORMED COP.
174) 13) dialog: Say goodbye girls. With whisper voices:
175) 0) text: Nancy walks out with the girls. Eliza is there, Ralph by her side. Franklin is there too. Nancy looks at him, imploring him with a silent plea -- a plea Franklin looks to be struggling against... Franklin suddenly breaks Nancy’s gaze -- walks to a UNIFORM COP posted at the end of the hall...