0) 0) text: A deer hops through waist-high grass, not far from.. KELLER DOVER, camouflage, hunting rifle in hand. A serious man, imposing, still built like a prize fighter at 37. He doesn’t move a muscle; letting his son take the shot... RALPH DOVER, 15, aims his rifle, a little shaky, still learning. He squeezes the trigger -- POP POP -- The deer stumbles towards us, shot in the neck. It backs up and collapses. The high grass hides its final moments in a canopy of swaying tendrils.
1) 0) text: Still early morning. A pick-up truck barrels down the highway. On the tailgate, in painted letters it says: KELLER DOVER REMODELING & REPAIRS. From above we see the shot deer lying in the pick-up’s flatbed. INT. KELLER’S TRUCK - TRAVELING Keller drives. Ralph sits in the passenger seat. The Everyday Testament is playing while Keller talks over it.
2) 3) dialog: We’re going up the street you dope. Keller comes out. Anna runs up to him, motioning for him to pick her up --
2) 8) dialog: (to Keller) Danny's Dad said he'd sell me their old car. I got half of what I need saved from the summer -- thought maybe --
2) 10) dialog: Why don’t you rent out Grandpa's old apartment house? Keller looks at Grace who’s grinning smugly.
4) 0) text: Joy and Anna take off running, racing each other. Ralph and Eliza take their time following them.
4) 2) dialog: You feel bad for cows when you go to McDonald's? (off her confused look) That's what my dad says. (MORE ) (CONTINUED)
4) 5) dialog: And the deer, they have too many babies and the babies starve anyway. You gotta keep the population down.
4) 7) dialog: (a little embarrassed) Yeah. But I agree with him.
4) 9) dialog: (yelling to the girls) Hey, get away from that thing! That old RV is parked up ahead on the side of the road, the girls are racing each other to it. Joy leaves Anna in the dust -- SLAPS the RV's bumper victoriously. Ralph and Eliza pick up the pace and catch up to them. The RV is parked in front of a house with a FOR SALE sign.
4) 10) dialog: Come on, let's go. Eliza walks along the RV peering up at opaque windows smeared with filth.
4) 12) dialog: Let's go -- Eliza grabs Joy’s hand and shooshes Ralph.
4) 17) dialog: Cut the shit, I don’t feel like getting yelled at. Let’s go. Eliza takes Joy’s hand and the four of them continue on around the block... The rear windshield of the RV. A shadow appears behind the filthy glass, watching them go...
9) 0) text: Ralph and Eliza sit watching TV. They look lobotomized with boredom. Keller walks in.
9) 6) dialog: Dad, what are you talking about?
15) 0) text: Grace, Nancy and Ralph wait anxiously in the living room. Keller rushes in, out of breath.
15) 5) dialog: The RV, Dad there was this RV and they were playing on it. There was someone inside I think --
16) 0) text: Keller, Ralph and Franklin burst out the door.
16) 3) dialog: Here. It was here. (CONTINUED)
16) 7) dialog: No. Keller tries the front door. It’s locked. Franklin comes running from the other direction, out of breath, shaking his head. Keller pulls out his cell phone, dialing...
21) 0) text: Ralph trails Keller, the two of them marching across a neighbor's lawn, shining their flashlights, searching. A GROGGY MAN, 52, peeks his head out the front door. (CONTINUED)
26) 0) text: Keller and Ralph about to walk another lap around the circle when Franklin pulls up in his car and rolls down his window --
29) 0) text: A constellation of flashlights moves through the woods. Ralph sticks by Keller, their eyes scanning, exhausted. Franklin trails behind them.
43) 6) dialog: Dad? Where you going?
50) 0) text: Keller walks in. Ralph sits by Grace’s bedside looking freaked out. She's holding on to him for dear life, hysterical; denial given way to manic terror.
51) 0) text: Keller comes out of the bedroom. Grace is sleeping. Ralph stands awkwardly in the dark hallway.
78) 0) text: The intruder’s POV: as he moves past the closed door to Ralph’s room. The muffled sound of him talking on the phone.
80) 2) dialog: Ma, what are you doing? It's freezing. Ralph goes to the window. He looks outside. Nothing there. He shuts the window -- 105 106 107 108 109 Prisoners - Full Pink Script - 1/17/13 60 INT. ANNA’S ROOM - THE DOVERS' HOUSE - LATER 110 Loki follows a thoroughly drugged Grace into Anna’s room.
111) 0) text: Keller opens the door, looking in on Grace, passed out in bed. He watches her for a moment, his face like that of some malfunctioning robot... INT. ANNA’S ROOM - THE DOVERS' HOUSE - DAY 153 Ralph sits on his sister’s bed in shock, holding his cell phone. He looks up as Keller walks inside and goes to the window. There are two news vans parked out front.
111) 2) dialog: Eliza told me they're dead. (beat) Is it true? Keller doesn’t turn from the window. (CONTINUED)
111) 6) dialog: But she said they found their -- their bloody clothes. Keller swings around, grabs Ralph and shakes him --
111) 9) dialog: You're gonna bring her home? She's dead, you can't do anything. You left me and Mom here while you went out and got fucking drunk. You think I can't smell it on you? Keller grabs Ralph and slams him into the wall, knocking over a dollhouse. He holds him there for a second, until the madness drains out of his visage and he finally lets go. Ralph just stands there, holding his ground, jaw clenched. Keller can't look at him now. He exits. Ralph breathes out.
121) 0) text: Ralph talks on the phone with Eliza as he looks out his window, watching as Loki walks through the bushes looking for something... (CONTINUED)
121) 3) dialog: (into phone) OK, I‘1l pick you up --
122) 0) text: Loki looks up at Anna’s window, maybe ten feet from the ground. He looks down and notices two deep footprints filled with water -- someone dropped hard from the window. He looks around thinking, checking the bushes... His eyes go wide, as he picks something up. A SOCK WITH A RABBIT FACE ON IT. As he deposits the sock in a little plastic bag he looks over to see Ralph coming out of the Dovers' house with a duffle bag slung over his shoulder.
134) 0) text: Grace’s car pulls up in front of the apartment house. Ralph gets out of the driver’s seat, he opens the back door, grabs a duffle bag... Eliza gets out of the passenger side. Her cell phone rings, she checks it --
134) 2) dialog: Wait until we get inside. I don't want anybody to see us -- She puts the phone away and follows Ralph to the rear of the building, trying to look inconspicuous.
134) 4) dialog: My secret entrance. (CONTINUED)
136) 3) dialog: My father kicks people out of here all the time. It’s just a homeless guy. Wait here -- I’1l tell him to leave -- Ralph heads for the stairs --
136) 5) dialog: I’m doing it cause I don’t want to go back home. Do you? She doesn’t answer, but obviously dreads it as much he does -- INT. STAIRS —- APARTMENT HOUSE - MOMENTS LATER 189 Ralph climbs the stairs. He looks scared. Prisoners - Full Pink Script - 1/17/13 100 190 INT. SECOND FLOOR APARTMENT —- APARTMENT HOUSE - MOME
136) 7) dialog: Hey. You're trespassing. Get out of here or I’m gonna call the cops. Ralph steps closer to the open door -- confused -- doesn’t look like there’s anyone inside. But then he sees the cell...THE PICTURE OF ANNA AND JOY nailed to the outside, staring at him.
137) 0) text: Eliza, waiting nervously when Ralph yells down to her --
137) 1) dialog: ELIZA! Eliza, get up here!
138) 0) text: Ralph, holding the cell phone to his ear with a shaking hand.
138) 3) dialog: (into the phone) Two thirty four Campello Street. My sister -- THUMP -- from inside the cell.
138) 7) dialog: (into the phone) I think I found my sister -- Anna Dover -—-
138) 9) dialog: Help me. Come on. She shakes her head.
138) 11) dialog: Yeah you can, come on. She nods, tears streaming down her horrified face. Ralph speaks into the tube.
138) 12) dialog: It's OK, we’re getting you out -- we're getting you both out of there. Can you hear me? Eliza joins Ralph, trying to pull at the seams of the wood -- Together they pull at a panel of wood. It starts breaking away as nails clink on the floor... Eliza and Ralph stand back, horrified... EXT. APARTMENT HOUSE -— CONTINUOUS 193 Loki’s sedan screeches to a halt -- he gets out -- hears ELIZA SCREAMING INSIDE. He starts for the front door when he sees the padlock and changes course -- Loki runs around to the back of the building -- heading for the window he used to get inside earlier -- 194 195 196 Prisoners - Full Pink Script - 1/17/13 102
139) 0) text: Loki’s POV as he runs up the stairs -- sees Ralph and Eliza coming down the stairs towards him --
175) 0) text: Nancy walks out with the girls. Eliza is there, Ralph by her side. Franklin is there too. Nancy looks at him, imploring him with a silent plea -- a plea Franklin looks to be struggling against... Franklin suddenly breaks Nancy’s gaze -- walks to a UNIFORM COP posted at the end of the hall...