0) 559) text: The doctor shakes his head.
0) 560) dialog: She's had a coronary throm -- a  serious heart failure. She wouldn't  survive a trip. It's best to leave  her -- and hope.
0) 564) text: Ba's eyes flutter open. She holds her hand out to him and takes it. When he goes to release it, she clutches it. Ga hesitates, and then he sits, holding Ba's hand in his lap He looks across at Mirabehn and nods for her to go. Mirabehn smiles weakly, gives Ba a last little rub of far and stands. The doorway. Patel stands, letting Mirabehn pass before h and do down the corridor with Azad. He looks back. His point of view. Gandhi sitting, holding Ba's hand, his eyes once more on the floor in their empty stare. Another angle -- later. The light has changed. A fly move along a small section of the floor that still contains a  ribbon of the dying sunlight. Gandhi still sits, holding Ba's hand, staring into  nothingness. The doctor appears in the doorway. He pauses, nods amiabl to Gandhi, though Gandhi does not react to his presence a all. Moving quietly, the doctor goes to the other side of and crouches, and lifts her wrist to feel her pulse. He h it for a moment, then lifts his eyes in doubt and sudden  fateful apprehension. He glances at her, then slowly lowe her arm and puts the branches of his stethoscope in his e He puts the acoustic bell over her heart... a moment, and lifts it slowly, his face confirming for us what he and w already know: there is no heartbeat. He glances at Pyarel who only lowers his eyes. The doctor turns his head slowl to Gandhi. Gandhi. His point of view. His posture is utterly unchang Ba's hand still in his lap, his eyes still staring emptil at the floor in front of him, but suddenly tears begin to run down his cheeks. He does not move, there is no change his empty stare, but the tears continue to flow.
0) 728) text: Nehru looks across at Gandhi. The doctor, who is testing  Gandhi's pulse yet again, glances at him -- no encouragem and moves away. Nehru moves to the side of the cot and Ga smiles weakly and holds out a hand, but he is in pain.
0) 776) text: We see the police commissioner, Suhrawardy, two doctors,  Abdul Ghaffar Khan, and some others. Nearer Gandhi, behin Mirabehn, are Nehru, Patel, Azad and Pyarelal. Gandhi turns to Mirabehn, his face shaking, peering into eyes.