0) 4) text: Chelmsford is pacing along one side of a large conference table. Just in front of this is the "British" side -- two generals (a full general and a brigadier), a naval office two senior civil servants, a senior police officer. Acros from them is the "Indian" side: Gandhi, Nehru, Patel, Jin Azad. This time Gandhi is in the middle and speaks with t full authority of a leader. The Indian side acknowledges Chelmsford's disclaimer --  coolly, but accepting it. That lifts Chelmsford's hopes a little.
0) 17) text: Its finality is such that for a moment there is no respon at all, but then the General smiles.
0) 18) dialog: And how do you propose to make them  yours? You don't think we're just  going to walk out of India.
0) 24) dialog: (mocking his exchange  with Gandhi) "You don't just expect us to walk  out?" "Yes."
0) 236) text: The sergeant-at-arms turns and moves to the door at the s of the bench. The courtroom immediately falls silent. The sergeant-at-arms opens the door -- a moment -- and Gandhi enters slowly. He has recovered a bit more, but he still  moves slowly. Featuring Judge Broomfield. As Gandhi enters, he lowers h glasses, places them on his desk, and rises, facing Gandh Featuring two English court reporters. One nudges the oth in astonishment, signaling off toward the judge. Their point of view. The clerk, confused as well as  astonished, see the judge standing, facing Gandhi in resp and dutifully, he too stands. Resume the reporters. A disbelieving exchange of glances, the sound of others standing around them. They glance bac Full shot -- the courtroom. The whole court rises, the  astounded reporters the last of all. Featuring Gandhi. He takes the prisoner's stand. He looks around, a little surprised, a little affected by the  demonstration. He looks up at the judge. For a minute the eyes meet, the judge makes a little bow to Gandhi. Gandhi reciprocates... and the judge sits down. Featuring the reporters shrugging incredulously to each o as they sit once more. Later. The Advocate General is speaking from a folded jou
0) 239) text: There is a little shock of reaction around the courtroom. The Advocate General smiles with a brittle disdain, then turns to the judge.
0) 320) text: Another angle. He is looking in astonishment at his princ secretary. His ADC, a general, a brigadier, a senior poli officer are with him. Like him they hold the same offices but are a new team.
0) 333) text: A moment as Irwin considers it, then it is the general wh speaks.
0) 334) dialog: I say ignore it. Let them raise their  damn flags, let him make his salt.  It's only symbolic if we choose to  make it so.
0) 396) dialog: Isn't there any instruction from  London?