0) 236) text: The sergeant-at-arms turns and moves to the door at the s of the bench. The courtroom immediately falls silent. The sergeant-at-arms opens the door -- a moment -- and Gandhi enters slowly. He has recovered a bit more, but he still  moves slowly. Featuring Judge Broomfield. As Gandhi enters, he lowers h glasses, places them on his desk, and rises, facing Gandh Featuring two English court reporters. One nudges the oth in astonishment, signaling off toward the judge. Their point of view. The clerk, confused as well as  astonished, see the judge standing, facing Gandhi in resp and dutifully, he too stands. Resume the reporters. A disbelieving exchange of glances, the sound of others standing around them. They glance bac Full shot -- the courtroom. The whole court rises, the  astounded reporters the last of all. Featuring Gandhi. He takes the prisoner's stand. He looks around, a little surprised, a little affected by the  demonstration. He looks up at the judge. For a minute the eyes meet, the judge makes a little bow to Gandhi. Gandhi reciprocates... and the judge sits down. Featuring the reporters shrugging incredulously to each o as they sit once more. Later. The Advocate General is speaking from a folded jou
0) 242) dialog: I take it you will conduct your own  defense, Mr. Gandhi.
0) 244) text: It is almost a cruel challenge to the obviously humane  Broomfield. The reporters scribble, watching the Judge even as they w because the mere doubt in the Judge's face reflects on th whole position of the British to India. Featuring Judge Broomfield. He lowers his glasses soberly staring at them for a moment.
0) 245) dialog: It is impossible for me to ignore  that you are in a different category  from any person I have ever tried,  or am likely to try.
0) 247) dialog: (a long beat) It is nevertheless my duty to sentence  you -- to six years' imprisonment.
0) 249) dialog: (a personal statement,  not a real hope) If however His Majesty's Government  could -- at some later date -- see  fit to reduce that term, no one would  be better pleased than I.