0) 71) text: Patel groans. They turn back to the train and just as the do, the tall Indian woman in the red sari tips a porter,  taking one small bag from him and turns: Mirabehn (Madele Slade) is tall, quite pretty and extremely English despit the sari. The minute she turns, she stops on seeing the n startled Kallenbach.
0) 72) dialog: You'd be Mr. Kallenbach.
0) 75) dialog: (proudly) I prefer the name Gandhiji has given  me -- Mirabehn.
0) 79) text: He does what little steering is necessary and Mirabehn sm at it all, finding everything delightful. She peers ahead the direction of the distant ashram.
0) 80) dialog: Might Mr. Nehru be there too?
0) 82) text: Mirabehn has turned to look at him. She has the same  sophomoric eagerness and intensity as the young Gandhi.
0) 83) dialog: You can't know how closely we follow  your struggle -- (to Patel personally) how many in England admired what you  did in Bardoli. It must have taken  enormous courage.
0) 85) text: Mirabehn is enthralled by the wit, the modesty that under the words. She faces Kallenbach.
0) 86) dialog: (a note of wonder) And you're German...
0) 88) dialog: And do you feel Indian?
0) 92) dialog: But you've been with him so long --  why?
0) 95) text: It is so profoundly simple and deeply felt that it obviou touches the deeply emotional Mirabehn.
0) 114) text: Gandhi reaches forward and touches his hand, and he sees  Mirabehn on the porch. For a moment their eyes meet and t Mirabehn moves forward quickly and takes his hand, kissin it, tears running down her cheek. Gandhi touches the top her head.
0) 126) text: He holds Azad's eyes, giving strength. Then he turns to  Mirabehn, made more aware of her by Azad's reference. For moment he looks at her sari.
0) 128) text: The tone suggests he thinks it is homespun. Mirabehn nods little choked that his attention is turned to her.
0) 129) dialog: I -- I sent for it, from here. I  dyed it myself.
0) 132) text: Mirabehn beams.
0) 133) dialog: It has. But you'd be surprised. They  understand -- they really do. It's  not the workers you have to worry  about.
0) 135) dialog: I would rather march.
0) 137) text: Mirabehn nods and looks resignedly at Ba. Ba is spinning. She smiles.
0) 139) text: Mirabehn looks down at the shoes on her feet -- and then the others and their bare feet -- and she looks up in  grinning, self-conscious embarrassment. Ba smiles at her  affectionately.
0) 141) text: Mirabehn looks at her, accepting the warmth behind the  teasing. It is the beginning of an enduring friendship.
0) 188) text: She strokes his sweating head again, touches his shoulder and gets up. For a moment the two women hold each other's gaze, then Ba smiles weakly, and leans her head into the  taller Mirabehn's shoulder. With her free hand Mirabehn  touches Ba's head. Then Ba straightens, and leaves withou looking back. Mirabehn bends and sits by Gandhi's side.
0) 189) dialog: I've brought your drinking water.  May I turn you?
0) 190) text: Gandhi struggles to turn, and Mirabehn helps him. When he turns we see that his face is wet with sweat from the dry heaving and his hands and arms are quivering and he canno stop them. She looks at him nervously, then pours a glass from the pitcher.
0) 191) dialog: There is a little lemon juice in it.  That is all.
0) 193) dialog: Herman has gone to meet Pandit Nehru --  there was a telegram. Almost  everywhere it has stopped.
0) 196) text: Mirabehn looks daunted by his intractability.
0) 198) dialog: (her own honesty) I don't know... I know you are right.  I don't know that this is right.
0) 203) text: During the very last of it Mirabehn has turned her face t him, touched with emotion.
0) 205) text: Mirabehn straightens up, smiling, wiping the tear from he cheek with mock discipline. She starts to pour water from the pitcher into the glass again, then she turns suddenly her attention caught. Her point of view. The doorway. Nehru stands in it. Kalle and Desai are a step or two behind him.
0) 206) dialog: Panditji -- come in.
0) 207) text: She stands, moving back from Gandhi. Nehru crosses and kneels in Mirabehn's place. Gandhi look up at him and his eyes light. He moves his shaking hand o and Nehru clasps it. A moment of personal feeling between them, then
0) 214) text: Reverse angle. Gandhi is walking, holding Ba's shoulder f support with one hand, and Mirabehn's with the other. It some days later.
0) 218) text: The sound of a motor disturbs them. Gandhi turns. His point of view. Coming into the entrance, along the bu path are two police cars (early 1920s Morris). They have stop because they are impeded by Gandhi's ox-Ford. Four Indian policeman hop quickly out of the second car. British police superintendent, and his British deputy get more decorously out of the first. Another angle. Gandhi has turned with his two props, Ba a Mirabehn. The police are approaching him. Kallenbach is  running from the fields. Nehru is hurrying from another  building carrying sheaves of page proofs. Other ashramite converge from the fields and buildings. The British police superintendent (who is Scottish) stops before Gandhi.
0) 225) text: It stops Nehru. He looks at Gandhi and sighs in unmastere frustration, but he moves to Gandhi's side. Gandhi turns Mirabehn.
0) 348) text: Gandhi grins, looking at Mirabehn, who is massaging his l
0) 350) dialog: You should ride the pony. It is not  necessary to walk to prove the point.
0) 363) text: Gandhi smiles. He turns back toward his bungalow. Ba and  Mirabehn stand there watching, Desai with them. Gandhi ho their gaze a second, then turns and starts forward. Pyare takes up a position next to him, the marchers follow. Featuring Walker. He steps back, letting Gandhi proceed i the range of the cameras on his own. The crowd around the entrance throws flowers in Gandhi's path, some calling ou "Long live Mahatma Gandhi!" Gandhi passes the cameramen and starts along the trail.
0) 440) text: And with the volunteers a foot from them, the police stri with their lathis. A groan of empathic anguish from the  waiting volunteers, but then we get A series of shots As next row moves forward and the horror of the one-sided ma proceeds heads are cracked, faces split, ribs smashed, an yet one row of volunteers follows another, and another in the unrelenting police, who knock bleeding bodies out of way, down into the dip, swing till sweat pours from their faces and bodies. And through it we intercut with Mirabehn and the Indian w rescuing the wounded, carrying them on stretchers to be  bandaged. We see Walker helping once or twice, turning,  watching, torn between being a professional spectator and normal human being. And always the volunteers coming, nev stopping, never offering resistance. And finally on sound there is an insistent click, click,  click, like a thud of the lathis but becoming clearly the slap of an impatient hand on a telephone cradle and out o the carnage of the salt works we dissolve to
0) 459) text: Beneath its unctuous political veneer it is blatantly div and clearly reveals the true intent of the Conference. As Gandhi looks at MacDonald, we read on his face his percep of the sad truth. E. Gandhi, Mirabehn and Charlie walking under an umbrella the rain, their heads bent in glum conversation. F. Gandhi being welcomed and kissed by a group of millwor outside a large mill entrance identified by the sign  GREENFIELD COTTON MILL, LANCASHIRE. He is hugged and sque by some hefty female millworkers, all grinning happily, G not least. G. Gandhi in a radio studio, seated at a table, a large  microphone labeled "CBS" before him, technicians and Mira in the glass booth behind him, Walker across the table fr him, the "On the Air" sign bright...
0) 463) text: He glances at the booth. Everybody including Walker and  Mirabehn are nodding "Yes." Gandhi shrugs, grins at every excitement, and begins.
0) 465) text: As the speech continues in the thin, static-y tones of  thirties' radio, we see Mirabehn and the technicians list in the control room./ Walker, across the table from Gandh The outside of Broadcasting House./ The Empire State Buil and Manhattan./ A mid-western farmhouse./ A thirties' rad set in a thirties' American living room./ A family, liste kids playing on the floor, half ignoring it, the mother  ironing, the father in an armchair, a newspaper open.
0) 494) text: She stares at the adjutant belligerently. He looks flummo Later. Long shot -- high. The colonel and his adjutant  striding toward the exit of the station. Following behind them, a detail of six soldiers accompanying Gandhi. The c tracks across the platform and we see they are being foll by a detail of six soldiers accompanying Ba. And the came tracks again and we see they are being followed by a deta of six soldiers accompanying Mirabehn!
0) 548) text: She's terribly curious, but she doesn't want to offend. B sees both the curiosity and the hesitancy. She smiles acr at Mirabehn, then
0) 564) text: Ba's eyes flutter open. She holds her hand out to him and takes it. When he goes to release it, she clutches it. Ga hesitates, and then he sits, holding Ba's hand in his lap He looks across at Mirabehn and nods for her to go. Mirabehn smiles weakly, gives Ba a last little rub of far and stands. The doorway. Patel stands, letting Mirabehn pass before h and do down the corridor with Azad. He looks back. His point of view. Gandhi sitting, holding Ba's hand, his eyes once more on the floor in their empty stare. Another angle -- later. The light has changed. A fly move along a small section of the floor that still contains a  ribbon of the dying sunlight. Gandhi still sits, holding Ba's hand, staring into  nothingness. The doctor appears in the doorway. He pauses, nods amiabl to Gandhi, though Gandhi does not react to his presence a all. Moving quietly, the doctor goes to the other side of and crouches, and lifts her wrist to feel her pulse. He h it for a moment, then lifts his eyes in doubt and sudden  fateful apprehension. He glances at her, then slowly lowe her arm and puts the branches of his stethoscope in his e He puts the acoustic bell over her heart... a moment, and lifts it slowly, his face confirming for us what he and w already know: there is no heartbeat. He glances at Pyarel who only lowers his eyes. The doctor turns his head slowl to Gandhi. Gandhi. His point of view. His posture is utterly unchang Ba's hand still in his lap, his eyes still staring emptil at the floor in front of him, but suddenly tears begin to run down his cheeks. He does not move, there is no change his empty stare, but the tears continue to flow.
0) 589) text: Mirabehn is spinning across the room. She lifts her head a signal to someone out of shot. Gandhi's two grand nieces, Manu and Abha, who help Mirabe now that Ba is gone, rise quickly at Mirabehn's signal, M to help with his shawl, Abha to hold his sandals so that can slip into them.
0) 591) text: It's cross -- he's worried about other things. Mirabehn j smiles at it. Gandhi looks down at Abha, and taps her sha on the top of the head.
0) 711) text: Nehru stares at him, feeling the sudden fear that Gandhi  means it. Patel, Mirabehn, Azad, Bourke-White are gripped the same realization.
0) 714) dialog: Bapu...
0) 719) text: He leans back, exhausted. Mirabehn is looking at him; she starts to sing softly.
0) 720) dialog: "Lead Kindly Light, amidst the  circling gloom..."
0) 722) dialog: "The night is dark, and I am far  from home, Lead thou me on..."
0) 727) dialog: His pulse is very irregular -- the  kidneys aren't functioning.
0) 744) text: Mirabehn and Azad start to move toward him -- the man loo immensely strong and immensely unstable. But Gandhi holds a shaking hand, stopping them. Nahari's face is knotted i emotion, half anger, half almost a child's fear -- but th is a wild menace in  that instability.
0) 762) text: And now the light falls on Nahari. His face stiffens, he  swallows, fighting any show of emotion; then he turns to But he takes only a step and he turns back, going to his  knees, the sobs breaking again and again from his heaving body as he holds his head to Gandhi's feet in the traditi greeting of Hindu son to Hindu father. A second, and Gand reaches out and touches the top of his head. Mirabehn watches. The Goondas watch. Suhrawardy watches.  Finally
0) 775) dialog: Bapu, there's been no fighting --  anywhere. It has stopped -- the  madness has stopped.
0) 776) text: We see the police commissioner, Suhrawardy, two doctors,  Abdul Ghaffar Khan, and some others. Nearer Gandhi, behin Mirabehn, are Nehru, Patel, Azad and Pyarelal. Gandhi turns to Mirabehn, his face shaking, peering into eyes.
0) 778) dialog: No... no. In every temple and mosque  they have pledged to die before they  lift a hand against each other.
0) 814) text: He turns; the last words have betrayed the smile on his f they have a painful sense of truth about them. Bourke-Whi watches as he moves into the garden toward the crowd in t distance. She turns to Mirabehn.
0) 816) text: It's an observation -- and a question. Mirabehn accedes  gravely.
0) 817) dialog: He thinks he's failed.
0) 820) text: Mirabehn nods, but she keeps on spinning and tries to sou cynically resigned but her innate emotionalism keeps brea through in her voice and on her face.
0) 821) dialog: I am blinded by my love of him, but  I think when we most needed it, he  offered the world a way out of  madness. But he doesn't see it...  and neither does the world.