0) 144) text: We have cut to the parade -- and it is the tail end, goin around a corner ahead. Some of the marchers wave their cl tauntingly at the police. One policeman suddenly steps ou and grabs at a piece of cloth waved at him. He pulls it  viciously from the marcher.
0) 145) dialog: I'll stuff your damn mouth with it!
0) 146) text: He chases the marcher and boots him with his foot. Anothe marcher runs at the policeman, swinging at him with his p of cloth.
0) 154) dialog: Hey --
0) 218) text: The sound of a motor disturbs them. Gandhi turns. His point of view. Coming into the entrance, along the bu path are two police cars (early 1920s Morris). They have stop because they are impeded by Gandhi's ox-Ford. Four Indian policeman hop quickly out of the second car. British police superintendent, and his British deputy get more decorously out of the first. Another angle. Gandhi has turned with his two props, Ba a Mirabehn. The police are approaching him. Kallenbach is  running from the fields. Nehru is hurrying from another  building carrying sheaves of page proofs. Other ashramite converge from the fields and buildings. The British police superintendent (who is Scottish) stops before Gandhi.
0) 405) text: Nehru is on the back of a big open truck that is stationa in the street. The truck is loaded with boxes that contai salt packets and Nehru and eight or nine others are selli them to people who flock about the truck. The sound of ho Nehru lifts his head. Mounted Indian police are coming down either side of the  street, a wave of foot police running forward down the ce Some of the people run, others deliberately stand fast. The mounted police converge on the truck. Nehru is grabbe and hurled so that he half falls, half leaps to the stree One of the men with him is knocked along the ground by a  policeman. He is young and vigorous and he swivels on the ground as though to strike back. Nehru lunges toward him.
0) 407) text: And a lathi is brought smashing across the side of Nehru' head. He is knocked to his knees; blood streams from his  head. He feels the side of his head, the blood soaking hi hand. He struggles to his feet, facing the policeman who struck him.
0) 409) text: It stops the policeman for a second, and a sergeant sudde intrudes, recognizing Nehru.