0) 4) text: Chelmsford is pacing along one side of a large conference table. Just in front of this is the "British" side -- two generals (a full general and a brigadier), a naval office two senior civil servants, a senior police officer. Acros from them is the "Indian" side: Gandhi, Nehru, Patel, Jin Azad. This time Gandhi is in the middle and speaks with t full authority of a leader. The Indian side acknowledges Chelmsford's disclaimer --  coolly, but accepting it. That lifts Chelmsford's hopes a little.
0) 322) text: Irwin looks at him, still trying to penetrate the signifi of the act. The senior police officer helps.
0) 323) dialog: There is a Royal Monopoly on the  manufacture of salt, sir. It's illegal  to make it or sell it without a  Government license.
0) 332) dialog: Yes, sir. The day he sets off everyone  is supposed to raise the flag of  "Free India." Then he walks some two  hundred and forty miles to the sea  and makes salt.
0) 393) dialog: They're making it everywhere, sir --  mobs of them -- publicly. Congress  leaders are selling it on the streets  of Delhi.
0) 414) dialog: ...There's been no time to keep  figures, but there must be ninety --  a hundred thousand under arrest. (Grimly, incredibly) And it still goes on.
0) 416) dialog: I don't know! Nehru, Patel, almost  every Congress Official is in jail...  and their wives and their children --  we've even arrested Nehru's mother.
0) 418) dialog: (distracted, offhand) Oh, in Karachi the police fired on a  crowd and killed a couple of people  and -- (and this hurts) and in Peshawar the Deputy Police  Commissioner lost his head and...  and opened fire with a machine gun. (He looks up at them  quickly, defensively.) But he's facing a disciplinary court!  You can't expect things like that  not to happen when --
0) 420) text: The senior police officer looks up, realizing his gaffe a wishes desperately he could relive the last couple of min
0) 421) dialog: Oh, no, sir -- no, I'm afraid not.
0) 425) dialog: Yes, sir, he has. The usual -- India's  salt belongs to India -- but then he  says flatly that he personally is  going to lead a raid tomorrow on the  Dharasana Salt Works.
0) 427) text: The senior police officer is brought up by the chill  directness of it. He looks at Irwin and the principal  secretary for a moment in uncertainty. Then
0) 428) dialog: Yes, sir. Yes, sir. It will be my  pleasure.
0) 431) text: The senior police officer stares at him, then
0) 432) dialog: (delighted) Yes, sir!
0) 772) dialog: Sergeant, it's a bloody miracle...