0) 236) text: The sergeant-at-arms turns and moves to the door at the s of the bench. The courtroom immediately falls silent. The sergeant-at-arms opens the door -- a moment -- and Gandhi enters slowly. He has recovered a bit more, but he still  moves slowly. Featuring Judge Broomfield. As Gandhi enters, he lowers h glasses, places them on his desk, and rises, facing Gandh Featuring two English court reporters. One nudges the oth in astonishment, signaling off toward the judge. Their point of view. The clerk, confused as well as  astonished, see the judge standing, facing Gandhi in resp and dutifully, he too stands. Resume the reporters. A disbelieving exchange of glances, the sound of others standing around them. They glance bac Full shot -- the courtroom. The whole court rises, the  astounded reporters the last of all. Featuring Gandhi. He takes the prisoner's stand. He looks around, a little surprised, a little affected by the  demonstration. He looks up at the judge. For a minute the eyes meet, the judge makes a little bow to Gandhi. Gandhi reciprocates... and the judge sits down. Featuring the reporters shrugging incredulously to each o as they sit once more. Later. The Advocate General is speaking from a folded jou
0) 344) text: He means Gandhi of course, and Gandhi accepts the referen but it is the acceptance of the strict sergeant major: "D fail me." Then he looks to Azad.
0) 409) text: It stops the policeman for a second, and a sergeant sudde intrudes, recognizing Nehru.
0) 410) dialog: You're Nehru --
0) 412) text: The sergeant sighs grimly.
0) 769) text: He shrugs at the senior riot squad officer and hands the  information slip to another constable behind the desk. The sergeant sighs, and moves to the outside door. We hea him bellow, "Stand down." The constable hangs up and sigh heavily. The senior riot squad officer shakes his head, a turns and walks slowly to the door.
0) 771) dialog: I wouldn't have believed it, Mr.  Gupta.
0) 834) text: And slowly the camera begins pulling back, leaving the  flowers, the brown, rolling current as though leaving the story of Gandhi, going far out, away from the great river reaching higher and higher, through streaks of clouds as titles begin. And through them, once more we hear, dimly, reminiscently through the rushing wind: "At home children are writing 'essays' about him!"... the croaky voice singing, "God save our gracious King"... Dye "Sergeant Major --," the Sergeant Major: "Take aim!," Dye "Fire!," the sound of massed rifle fire, screams... "You my best friend... my highest guru, and my sovereign lord. "Who the hell is he?," "I don't know, sir." "My name is  Gandhi. Mohandas K. Gandhi."... the sound of rioting, wom screams, terror... "Find a child -- a child whose mother father have been killed. A little boy... about this high. "He thinks he's failed."... "Long live Mahatma Gandhi!... Long live Mahatma Gandhi!"