0) 253) text: We see from Walker's point of view an Indian woman walkin along the road, leading a tall camel that carries sacks o produce. Two young girls in ragged saris walk with her, a a boy of eight leads a smaller camel behind them. They ar staring off at the car. Resume Walker. He swings back around, fascinated with wha he is seeing of India. The car is an early 1930s Morris M
0) 256) dialog: Well, I read you account of that  crowd in Calcutta and that he was  twisting the Lion's tail again...
0) 258) dialog: (falteringly) ...and I knew something had to give.  And I was determined to be here when  it did.
0) 260) dialog: Oh, I've been a Gandhi buff for a  long time.
0) 263) text: Walker smiles too, but it soon passes.
0) 264) dialog: I met him once.
0) 267) dialog: (nods) Back in South Africa... (reflectively) long time ago.
0) 269) dialog: Lots of hair... and a little like a  college freshman -- trying to figure  everything out.
0) 274) text: Another angle featuring Walker and Collins, who are sitti alone, in the cool shadows of the temple, watching with  fascination as Gandhi and Ba repeat their marriage ceremo for them, Walker jotting notes occasionally, but his eyes always glued to Gandhi and Ba, who are in part lost in  memories and echoes of a significance only they can know.
0) 281) text: Featuring Walker, now too entranced by the ceremony, by t depth of layered emotions in Gandhi and Ba's voices and e to take any notes...
0) 288) text: For a moment their eyes hold -- the many dreams, and hope and pain -- the love of many years. Walker watches, his own face taut with emotion. Resume Gandhi and Ba. And Gandhi slowly lifts his hand.
0) 292) text: She has lifted her fingers to his mouth and he kisses the gently. Featuring Walker and Collins both touched, the overtly cy American obviously even more than the likeable Englishman Gandhi turns to them.
0) 295) dialog: It's beautiful.
0) 297) text: Walker looks down at him. Gandhi scowls up in the early l
0) 298) dialog: Trying to keep track of you is making  me change all my sleeping habits.
0) 301) dialog: Hm. (Then weightedly) Is it?
0) 305) dialog: A great deal.
0) 307) text: He looks out to sea, and we intercut his face with Walker the sea, and the town itself as the sun turns it white.
0) 309) text: Walker studies him as this profound man reaches, in his m years, a profound insight. Featuring Gandhi staring out to sea, his mind locked in  reflection, and suddenly his head lifts, his eyes become  alert, he is caught by some excitement which he weighs fo moment, then he stands, his manner suddenly tingling with optimism. Walker stares at him, then at what Gandhi seems to be loo at. His point of view. The waves lapping the shore below them Walker turns back to Gandhi, puzzled. But there is no  mistaking the sudden glow in Gandhi's face.
0) 310) dialog: You know what you're going to do.
0) 313) text: The grin broadens, and then he starts briskly down the  promontory. Walker scrambles up after him.
0) 314) dialog: Where are you going?
0) 317) text: He turns from the sea to Walker, his eyes confident, elat then he continues on down the promontory. Still baffled,  Walker glances at the sea, at him, then hurries after. Full shot. The waves running against the shore...
0) 362) dialog: (a grin, then a play  on Gandhi's words to  him) It would have been uncivil of me to  have let you make such a long trip  for nothing.
0) 363) text: Gandhi smiles. He turns back toward his bungalow. Ba and  Mirabehn stand there watching, Desai with them. Gandhi ho their gaze a second, then turns and starts forward. Pyare takes up a position next to him, the marchers follow. Featuring Walker. He steps back, letting Gandhi proceed i the range of the cameras on his own. The crowd around the entrance throws flowers in Gandhi's path, some calling ou "Long live Mahatma Gandhi!" Gandhi passes the cameramen and starts along the trail.
0) 365) dialog: Is it over if they arrest you now?
0) 367) text: Walker smiles -- a little uneasily -- for they are now ne the police. Gandhi nods to them amiably as he passes alon in front of them. Walker is turning, watching for a move  from the police but begins to grasp that there may be non He hurries along closer to Gandhi again, one eye still on the police.
0) 368) dialog: What if they don't arrest you? What  if they don't react at all?
0) 369) text: Gandhi glances at him. Walker too wears a knapsack. Gandh nods to it, though never breaking his pace.
0) 371) text: He nods politely toward the British police officer at the end of the police line. Walker stops, letting the process march on by him, looking at the British police officer, t writing busily in his notebook. Collins stop by him.
0) 373) dialog: (wryly) He said he's in charge...
0) 376) dialog: (a weary grin) My name is Walk-er. And I intend to  report it the way it is.
0) 383) text: The student leader follows his gaze and the camera pans o with his glance. We see that the numbers have grown immen Fires dot the field and spread and spread and spread. Beh Walker and Pyarelal the newsreel truck and three cars for reporters are spread out around the fires. We identify a  couple of Frenchmen and a Japanese. Walker looks at Pyare and shakes his head in wonder at it all.
0) 438) text: He turns and starts down the dip toward the gate and the  waiting lathis of the police. A series of shots, as Azad leads the first row of volunte down and up the dip. We intercut Walker, frozen, watching the inevitable onsla the British police commanding officer ready to give the f order.
0) 440) text: And with the volunteers a foot from them, the police stri with their lathis. A groan of empathic anguish from the  waiting volunteers, but then we get A series of shots As next row moves forward and the horror of the one-sided ma proceeds heads are cracked, faces split, ribs smashed, an yet one row of volunteers follows another, and another in the unrelenting police, who knock bleeding bodies out of way, down into the dip, swing till sweat pours from their faces and bodies. And through it we intercut with Mirabehn and the Indian w rescuing the wounded, carrying them on stretchers to be  bandaged. We see Walker helping once or twice, turning,  watching, torn between being a professional spectator and normal human being. And always the volunteers coming, nev stopping, never offering resistance. And finally on sound there is an insistent click, click,  click, like a thud of the lathis but becoming clearly the slap of an impatient hand on a telephone cradle and out o the carnage of the salt works we dissolve to
0) 442) dialog: (into the phone) Hello! Ed! Ed! Goddammit, don't cut  me off! (Then suddenly he's  through.) Ed! Okay -- yeah -- right.
0) 444) dialog: "They walked, with heads up, without  music, or cheering, or any hope of  escape from injury or death." (His voice is taut,  harshly professional.) "It went on and on and on. Women  carried the wounded bodies from the  ditch until they dropped from  exhaustion. But still it went on."
0) 446) dialog: "Whatever moral ascendance the West  held was lost today. India is free  for she has taken all that steel and  cruelty can give, and she has neither  cringed nor retreated." (On Walker close. His  sweating, blood and  dirt-stained face  near tears.) "In the words of his followers, 'Long  live Mahatma Gandhi.' "
0) 459) text: Beneath its unctuous political veneer it is blatantly div and clearly reveals the true intent of the Conference. As Gandhi looks at MacDonald, we read on his face his percep of the sad truth. E. Gandhi, Mirabehn and Charlie walking under an umbrella the rain, their heads bent in glum conversation. F. Gandhi being welcomed and kissed by a group of millwor outside a large mill entrance identified by the sign  GREENFIELD COTTON MILL, LANCASHIRE. He is hugged and sque by some hefty female millworkers, all grinning happily, G not least. G. Gandhi in a radio studio, seated at a table, a large  microphone labeled "CBS" before him, technicians and Mira in the glass booth behind him, Walker across the table fr him, the "On the Air" sign bright...
0) 461) text: Walker cringes, glancing at the lighted "On the Air" sign He signals "Yes" frantically.
0) 463) text: He glances at the booth. Everybody including Walker and  Mirabehn are nodding "Yes." Gandhi shrugs, grins at every excitement, and begins.
0) 465) text: As the speech continues in the thin, static-y tones of  thirties' radio, we see Mirabehn and the technicians list in the control room./ Walker, across the table from Gandh The outside of Broadcasting House./ The Empire State Buil and Manhattan./ A mid-western farmhouse./ A thirties' rad set in a thirties' American living room./ A family, liste kids playing on the floor, half ignoring it, the mother  ironing, the father in an armchair, a newspaper open.