0) 569) text: He grins in his youthful, beguiling manner and makes the  pranam to the cheering crowd. It is cut off by the sound of a door being opened, close.
0) 586) text: We have pulled back and we see a whole gathering of Hindu youths near the entrance to the ashram. Many wave black f A couple of trucks that have brought them, and a car, are along the path. Kallenbach is stepping out of an old 1942 open Austin that he has put in a waiting position near th entrance to the path. The chanting shout "Death to Jinnah suddenly dies. The youths -- and Kallenbach -- look back  toward the ashram. Featuring Gandhi's bungalow. Nehru has stepped out onto t porch and he glares at the youths. It is his presence tha has silenced them. Kallenbach smiles.
0) 593) text: She nods obediently, the flicker of a smile around her mo youthful, irrepressible. The beauty of it almost saddens  Gandhi. He taps her again -- gently -- and goes out.
0) 595) dialog: Bapu -- please. Don't do it!
0) 596) text: They are all awed, timid even in his actual presence, and the mood of their gathering has changed altogether. Gandh looks at the youth and the line of others.
0) 600) text: And he lowers his head and moves on to the car, where  Kallenbach holds the door for him, Nehru, Azad and Pyarel following. Another angle. As they get into the car, we see the car t sits by the two trucks that have brought the youths. In t back seat we see two men, one of whom is Prakash (The bea man at Gandhi's assassination).
0) 664) text: There is a sudden commotion just below them and angry sho "Death to Muslims!," "Death to Muslims!" Gandhi peers down. His point of view. A surging gang of youths, many carryin torches, and far outnumbering the little group of police soldiers, are shouting up at the roof. We see three or fo black flags and stains of blood on many of them. A few ho knives still wet with blood.
0) 665) dialog: There he is!
0) 668) text: Featuring Gandhi. It is a comment too grave for glibness, and Gandhi is obviously struck by the pain of it. He paus for a moment, staring down at the youth:
0) 670) text: He makes it mean the youth. For a second it makes an impa but then the youth shouts his defiance at him and his mes
0) 671) dialog: To hell with you, Gandhi!!
0) 674) text: It is ambiguous, open-ended, meaning anything your mother and father would wish you to do. Tears flush from the boy eyes and he stares at Gandhi with a kind of hopeless angu and rage. But the impact is on the youth alone; around hi the others begin to take up the chant "Death to Muslims!, "Death to Muslims!" Gandhi turns from the street. He looks at the police  commissioner -- at his fatigue, his concern, his manifest respect. Gandhi musters a weary smile.