1) 37) dialog: I started production in my apartment three years ago. Now I have twelve employees, and I just got an order from Whole Foods. If that works out we’re taking off. But I’m still very hands on. Every pickle has my stamp of approval on it. He withdraws a pickle from a vat. (CONTINUED)
1) 39) dialog: Here, try this one.
1) 41) dialog: That’s the Bavarian. Classic.
2) 0) text: Guy and Maggie are at the front desk of Brooklyn Brine. G takes off his gloves as Maggie notices a pair of hockey skates hanging from a coat stand.
2) 2) dialog: Every Sunday. I grew up on the ice.
2) 4) dialog: Yeah.
2) 6) dialog: So, regarding our plan. Here... is my bill of health. With an air of pride, he spreads his blood test results across the desk.
2) 7) dialog: Read it. (CONTINUED)
2) 11) dialog: Ah. He takes it and looks into it, as if for an answer.
2) 13) dialog: Okay... Guy places the jar on the desk. They look at it together.
2) 14) dialog: So when do you want to do this?
2) 17) dialog: That’s smart.
2) 21) dialog: None is...so cool. It kind of takes the pressure off, doesn’t it? He takes a seat and leans back against the refrigerator, beside a large circulating fan.
2) 22) dialog: I can just relax, and build my empire. The fan blows Guy’s STD bloodtest result paper across his desk; they both move to stop it, and their fingers touch. INT. MAGGIE’S BUILDING - DAY 3 Close up of a mailbox being opened with a key. Maggie draws out two identical white envelopes. Puzzled, opens one, then the other. EXT. MAGGIE’S SUBLET - DAY A3 Maggie walks outside.
14) 16) dialog: Oh! Fuck... I’m sorry.
14) 18) dialog: Where’s your bathroom? (CONTINUED)
14) 22) dialog: So what do I deposit my genetic gold mine into? Maggie rushes over to her cupboard and takes out a little plastic jar like the first one she gave him.
14) 24) dialog: Listen. I feel it behooves me, to, ah, offer to do this the old fashioned way. Given the extreme state of your beauty and my totally free afternoon. A moment as the absolute awkwardness of this offer sinks
14) 26) dialog: No sweat, just being polite.
14) 28) dialog: Nah, just read something. I'll be back in a jiff with the jizz. He marches to the bathroom.
14) 30) dialog: Hm? (CONTINUED)
14) 34) dialog: I liked math because it was beautiful, that’s all. I never wanted to be a mathematician.
14) 36) dialog: I don’t think. I know. Anyone who has touched even a hem of that garment knows it’s beautiful. For me, the hem was enough. I couldn’t have taken the frustration.
14) 38) dialog: Of never seeing the whole thing. Of always just getting little glimpses of the whole picture. Spending my whole life hunting for scraps of truth. Embarrassed by his own candor, Guy turns and shuts the do to the bathroom, leaving Maggie bemused and oddly charmed this unique character. Hearing the water run in the bathr she turns some Ska music up high on the iPod as a sound buffer. She is so happy, she does a solitary dance. After few beats, Guy appears with the plastic jar Maggie gave h a little cloudy something at the bottom. He watches her d for a moment. We can see how much he likes her. Seeing hi Maggie stops dancing, embarrassed.
14) 40) dialog: Of course when there’s an actual lady involved, it’s a different story. I made you extra...just in case you spill some. (CONTINUED)
14) 44) dialog: Super. He just stands there. Now what? He fishes his phone out o his pocket and turns the lens on himself, Maggie, and the container, which he gets her to hold up. Maggie is embarrassed and confused.
14) 45) dialog: Selfie. Click! INT. MAGGIE’S SUBLET - BATHROOM - NIGHT 25 Insert close up: Maggie, wearing blue surgical gloves, fi a plastic syringe with Guy’s sperm.
25) 29) dialog: (OS)
25) 30) text: Maggie? Maggie turns as the camera pans to see Guy, the pickle entrepreneur, near-father of her child, king of his booth
25) 33) dialog: Is that... (CONTINUED)
25) 38) dialog: Intense. I just found out Whole Foods is going to be carrying my pickles nationally. We have to expand production, post-haste!
25) 40) dialog: I’m manning the stall to get away from the chaos at the factory.
25) 42) dialog: Sure do. Our most popular pickle.
25) 46) dialog: One large Bavarian. He goes back to the booth and hands Maggie a huge jar of pickles. (CONTINUED)
25) 50) dialog: (glum) Wedding present.
26) 0) text: Hear John’s dot matrix printer OS. Maggie is at the kitch table, the huge jar of Guy’s pickles before her. She reac in and takes out a pickle, chomps down. Yum. John walks i and hands her the latest pages from his manuscript. She t them with an air of resignation.