40) 0) text: Motorcycles, cars, Vietnamese civilians. Swinging her hips ruith exaggerated sexiness, an attractive HOOKER in a mini-skirt walks toward a cafe' table on the pavement ulhere JOKER and RAFTERMAN are seated. Music: Nancy Sinatra's "These Boots Are Made for Walking." The girl stops at JOKER's table.
40) 17) dialog: Just a minute. RAFTERMAN raises his Nikon and starts photographing JOKER and the HOOKER. The girl strikes quick poses for the camera and coughs. JOKER puts his arm around her.
42) 3) dialog: Yeah ... You know what really pisses me off about these people?
42) 5) dialog: We're supposed to be helping them and they shit all over us every chance they get ... I just can't feature that.
42) 7) dialog: I hate Da Nang, Joker. I want to go out into the field. I've been in this country almost three months, and all I do is take handshake shots at awards ceremonies.
42) 9) dialog: A high school girl could do my job. I want to get out into the shit. I want to get some trigger time.
43) 0) text: A Quonset hut. An editorial meeting of The Sea Tiger, the official marine newspaper, is in progress presided over by LIEUTENANT LOCKHART. JOKER, RAFTERMAN, and six other marine correspondens are seated around a large messy table covered with cameras, photographs, newspapers artd magazines.
43) 10) dialog: Aye-aye, sir.
43) 12) dialog: Yes, sir.
45) 0) text: JOKER, RAFTERMAN, PAYBACK and the others are in their bunks, reading, lazing, smoking grass. JOKER is writing in a notebook.
45) 10) dialog: The stare?
45) 12) dialog: I will?
45) 22) dialog: Joker, is this for real?
48) 0) text: JOKER and RAFTERMAN walk through the wreckage of the night's battle. Prisoners are led past.
49) 0) text: Dirty and still in. their combat gear, JOKER, RAFTERMAN, PAYBACK and the other correspondents are slumped in, their chairs around the table.
49) 6) dialog: Sir? Permission to go with Joker?
49) 8) dialog: Thank you, sir.
50) 0) text: The helicopter lands. JOKER and RAFTERMAN jump out, duck down low and move away through pink smoke blown by the rotor blades. Marines run by carrying wounded on stretchers.
52) 10) dialog: starts shooting pictures of the Lieutenant.
57) 6) dialog: Well, at least they died for a good cause.
57) 8) dialog: Freedom.
58) 8) dialog: Well, I don't think there's any question about it. I mean we're the best. I mean all that bullshit about the Air Cav ... When the shit really hits the fan, who do they call? They call Mother Green and her killing machine!
58) 17) dialog: Well, it depends on the situation. I mean, I'm--I'm here to take combat photos. But if the shit gets too thick, I mean, I'll go to the rifle.
64) 10) dialog: Negative!
65) 34) dialog: I'm coming, too.
66) 4) dialog: (shouting) Holy shit! The sniper's got a clean shot through the hole in the wall. Much yelling, shouting and confusion as the men realize where the shot came from.
68) 0) text: JOKER finds himself in what was the lobby of the building, a large room, which is on fire, with shattered columns, oriental arches, and windows with large decorative grillwork. JOKER inches slowly into the room. He hears a noise, ducks behind a column and peers around it. He sees a small, b lack-clad figure standing at a window - the SNIPER. He raises his rifle, aims and squeezes the trigger. A loud click. In slow motion the SNIPER turns to face JOKER. We see the startled face of a beautiful Vietnamese girl of about fifteen. In slow motion JOKER frantically works the bolt of his M-16. With the hard eyes of a grunt, the SNIPER fires her AK-47 rifle. In slow motion JOKER ducks behind the column, desperately trying to unjam his M-16 rifle. In, slow motion the SNIPER fires and runs down a few steps to get a better shot at JOKER. The bullets from her AK-47 tear large chunks of masonry from the column shielding him. Suddenly the SNIPER's body seems to explode as she is hit by a burst of automatic fire. RAFTERMAN has come up and fires his M-16 into the girl's body.
68) 2) dialog: We got the sniper! The SNIPER lies on the floor, writhing in pain. JOKER and RAFTERMAN cautiously approach her. RAFTERMAN kicks away her AK-47. The two men stare at her in disbelief: The SNIPER is a child, no more than fifteen years old, a slender Eurasian. angel with dark beautiful eyes. They are startled by a faint sound. They dive for cover. They listen. ANIMAL MOTHER calls from behind cover at the other end of the room.
68) 8) dialog: I saved JOKER's ass. I got the sniper. I fucking blew her away. RAFTERMAN laughs hysterically, and kisses his rifle.
68) 9) dialog: Am I bad? Am I a life-taker? Am I a heart- breaker? No one pays any attention to RAFTERMAN. The SNIPER gasps, whimpers. DONLON stares at her.
68) 25) dialog: (laughs) JOKER ... we're gonna have to put you up for the Congressional Medal of... Ugly! (laughs) JOKER looks at RAFTERMAN, blankly.