56) 6) dialog: .--Hello Bellas. The ladies cheer with delight, hug and exchange hello’s a miss you's.
56) 7) dialog: Ladies! Keep it down. Nothing attracts bears more than the squeals of young women.
56) 9) dialog: Welcome to The Lodge at Fallen Leaves! Where the corporate world sends its marketing divisions and digital groups to build teamwork skills. Aubrey gestures to two MANAGER TYPES, wearing Blockbuster Video t-shirts. They high five.
56) 13) dialog: Thank you. I realized I had a knack for barking orders and bending people’s will so I made a career out of it. Which reminds me... (then, authoritative) Fall in line, Bellas! No slouching, no straggling! Caught by surprise, the Bellas look to each other and fum their way into a line. Aubrey paces in front of them. (CONTINUED)
56) 16) dialog: It was with great sorrow and regret that I watched our once proud organization become a national disgrace. Aubrey stops at Fat Amy and, playing up her disgust:
56) 17) dialog: How do you feel knowing Obama saw your business? Obama.
56) 19) dialog: (up in Fat Amy’s face) I’m talking about Michelle. Fat Amy reacts, “you got me.” Aubrey moves on.
56) 20) dialog: The Worlds signifies a shot at redemption. A chance to pull yourself up from the wreckage like a phoenix from the ashes.
56) 22) dialog: But you don’t have a chance in hell of winning until you find your sound again. You’ve totally lost your harmony.
56) 24) dialog: And for the next two days, you’re going to do everything together until you regain it. No distractions. Aubrey picks up a plastic recycling bin. (CONTINUED)
56) 27) dialog: And that means you must sever all ties to the outside world. I need you to surrender your cell phones, tablets, pocket organizers-- talks, she walks down the line, the ladies put all of their gadgets in the bin. She stops Beca hands
56) 28) dialog: --smart watches, laptops, everything. in front of Beca, who holds her laptop tight.
56) 30) dialog: Trust the process, Beca. Aubrey her laptop. It kills her to do so.
56) 31) dialog: Okay, then. (then, grandiose) Ladies, get ready to be transformed. You’re surrounded by the strength of your fellow Bellas, the support of a proud female tradition and... (quickly) A few dozen bear traps so don’t stray from the marked paths.
56) 33) dialog: Fat Amy, there are no guest rooms for you.
56) 37) dialog: Inside your first uncompleted teamwork building task.
57) 1) dialog: You need to set up your tents before the sun goes down. I’1l check back in later. Good luck. 87. 69 70 Aubrey jumps on a four wheeler and is driven away by Lesl The Bellas look at the massive number of tent pieces on t ground. Fat Amy lies down.
58) 0) text: 71 Aubrey stands with the exhausted Bellas, looking at their tents. To Aubrey’s surprise, they are perfect.
58) 1) dialog: Wow. I’m impressed.
58) 6) dialog: Now you rest. We have a lot to do tomorrow. A creaking sound is heard nearby.
58) 8) dialog: Well, look at that. I guess you’re doubling up. Don’t go shoulder-to- shoulder. Head-to-toe. More room that way. Nightie night! Aubrey walks over to the four wheeler where Leslie is put away his ax. They leave some lanterns, crackers and five of beans as they wave good-bye.
60) 1) dialog: (yelling) C’mon, Bellas! Let’s go! Get out of bed! The sleepy Bellas exit the tent, clown-car style. Aubrey stand before them. Across the camp, real GUESTS enjoy champagne breakfast. Our Bellas shoot daggers.
60) 2) dialog: Today, you're going back to the basics to re-learn how to sing as a group. (CONTINUED)
60) 6) dialog: By drawing inspiration from female groups of the past who had great harmony. Through their example, you will rediscover your sound...
60) 8) dialog: .--while also enduring death- defying team building trust exercises. So... Let’s begin! A “RETREAT/SINGING MUSIC OF THE PAST” MONTAGE BEGINS: While the Bellas sing, we CROSSCUT to a series of activit underscored by their singing.
62) 0) text: The “TP SHUFFLE”. All the Bellas are lined up on a log fa Aubrey.
62) 1) dialog: Good. Now re-arrange yourselves alphabetically without touching the ground! Now! Go! The Bellas all start trying to move around each other. Several girls immediately fall off the log.
64) 1) dialog: On my count, 3-2-1, GO! Chloe can’t do it. Beca just refuses. Fat Amy flies by th lands below and launches all the girls into the lake.
68) 1) dialog: Flo, you’re up.
68) 5) dialog: Ladies. Your task is to figure out how to get Flo up this wall. Flo sits on the ground. Fat Amy kneels beside her.
72) 1) dialog: Okay, that was two steps away from being almost fine. (MORE ) (CONTINUED)
72) 4) dialog: Now let’s take the next couple of hours and discuss Spice Girls--
72) 10) dialog: It’s an exercise to find harmony. Sometimes you have to break stuff down before you can build it up--
72) 42) dialog: No we don’t believe in ladders. They suggest a corporate hierarchy that’s counterproductive to my team building program. Fat Amy crosses to Aubrey.
73) 15) dialog: Well it doesn’t have to be scary, Chlo. When I was graduating, I never pictured myself running a retreat in the middle of the woods but here I am. (MORE ) (CONTINUED)
73) 18) dialog: Take it from someone who's dealt with some serious control issues, you just have to make the leap. Like my dad always said, in the mindfield of life, you must be prepared to lose both feet. (to the group, cocky) And I think you all know what I mean. They don’t. Chloe makes a decision and stands, dramatic.
73) 62) dialog: (wipes her hands) My work here is done. Chloe puts her hand on Aubrey’s. (CONTINUED)
73) 66) dialog: My pleasure. I’m glad no one died in the tent. Fat Amy shoots Aubrey a look, “that wasn’t an accident?”