0) 0) text: Our a cappella commentators, JOHN and GAIL.
0) 2) dialog: If I weren’t, would I be wearing a diaper under this dress? As John speaks, we HEAR a marching band play.
1) 2) dialog: (pointing to wedding ring) This one’s gonna stick, John.
1) 4) dialog: (gleefully nodding) I did, I did.
1) 6) dialog: We are coming to you live from our nation’s capitol where the Barden University Bellas are about to rock the historic Kennedy Center. (CONTINUED)
2) 2) dialog: So right, John. The first all- female group to win a national title. Three-time defending champs. And now here they are performing for the President of the United States on his birthday. REVEAL: The PRESIDENT and FIRST LADY, who sit in a privat box [STOCK FOOTAGE]. SECRET SERVICE AGENTS stand guard.
4) 9) dialog: International exchange student Flo Fuentes just earned her green card!
4) 11) dialog: I think she’s Guatemalan.
4) 13) dialog: There is so much going on on-stage, I don’t know where to look.
5) 6) dialog: Wow! What a surprise!
5) 8) dialog: Lots of us!
5) 18) dialog: Who is on top of this?!
7) 1) dialog: Take her back up already!
7) 3) dialog: Oh my god, the children! Would somebody think of the children! John SLAPS a hysterical Gail across the face. ON STAGE: A Fat Amy is almost squarely showing her bits to the audien
7) 5) dialog: Not the front! Nobody wants to see the front! The harness comes to a stop with Fat Amy FLASHING the audience with downtown full frontal. ANGLE ON: Reactions shocked anticipation from the Bellas, audience members, a John and Gail.
11) 0) text: The Bellas stand in two rows as if on trial. Before them, stern-looking John and Gail sit behind a desk on either s of the DEAN.
11) 3) dialog: Do you know who we are?
11) 6) dialog: And the flood of complaints! (to Fat Amy) You would not believe the heavy flow caused by your vagina.
11) 11) dialog: It is the decision of this governing body that the Bellas are hereby suspended from ever participating in competition at the collegiate level. A beat of shock as this new information sinks in.
11) 16) dialog: The terms of your suspension are laid out in this document. I’m sorry, but it’s over. 10. Then: A concerned Chloe takes the file from Gail. She opens and reads it.
11) 18) dialog: Was it?
11) 20) dialog: You're being replaced by the European champions. (MORE ) (CONTINUED)
11) 23) dialog: A German group whose skill is matched only by its professionalism.
12) 23) dialog: I got all day./We don’t do much. (CONTINUED)
12) 26) dialog: (commentator voice) Ah, yes. The World Championships of A Cappella. Where every four years, the best from all over the globe compete for world domination. (withering a little) I'm sorry, I feel like I have to be “on” all the time or people won’t like me.
12) 33) dialog: Not at all. (CONTINUED)
12) 39) dialog: (through laughter) Sure. But no American team has ever won.
12) 41) dialog: The whole world.
46) 3) dialog: We are following the story of the embattled Barden Bellas on their road to redemption. (CONTINUED)
46) 7) dialog: But I can’t unsee it. John motions to his computer.
46) 10) dialog: That cannot be your screensaver, John. Beca blows the pitch pipe.
47) 0) text: BACK WITH JOHN AND GAIL: Gail stage whispers to John.
47) 1) dialog: This whole thing’s more of a circus act than an a cappella performance. Don’t you think there’s just too much going on, John? (CONTINUED)
50) 2) dialog: Everyone in this room can see the Bellas have no shot at reinstatement. What an embarrassment to a cappella and all that it stands for.
83) 6) dialog: Bup-bup-bup. Don’t tell me. I’m going to watch it eventually--
84) 0) text: Camera PANS across a bunch of press tables with COMMENTAT from various countries, landing on John and Gail.
84) 2) dialog: Tonight, groups from all over the globe duke it out for the coveted title of Aca World Champion.
84) 4) dialog: The Bellas are making one last attempt to repair their damaged legacy by becoming the first American team to claim the title. You think they can do it, John?
86) 13) dialog: Their skill is extraordinary. BACK ON STAGE: The Kommissar takes center stage to solo.
87) 3) dialog: Crack a book, John.
90) 2) dialog: John, it’s possible we're watching the last hurrah of the Barden Bellas.
92) 3) dialog: Ordinarily I’d be coughing up blood in anger, and yet, it’s so damn beautiful.
97) 2) dialog: (through emotion) Thought you were going to say gay.