0) 0) text: Our a cappella commentators, JOHN and GAIL.
0) 1) dialog: Excited, Gail?
0) 3) dialog: Welcome back, a cappella enthusiasts!
1) 1) dialog: I’m John Smith and sitting to my right is Gail Abernathy-McCadden- Feinberger.
1) 3) dialog: Well you saved the Jew for last.
1) 5) dialog: You're listening to Let’s Talk- appella, the world’s premiere downloadable a cappella podcast.
2) 1) dialog: These ladies have broken down every barrier in their path, haven't they, Gail?
2) 3) dialog: Wow. What an inspiration to girls all over the country who are too ugly to be cheerleaders.
4) 7) dialog: There’s Beca Mitchell, leader of the group. Flo does some BACKFLIPS across the stage. It’s impressive
4) 10) dialog: She may need to do that flip right over the fence and back into Mexico.
4) 12) dialog: Oh, none of that matters. The ladies continue their kickass performance. It’s a little noisy.
4) 14) dialog: Couldn't agree more. Back in my day, we just sang. Maybe snapped our fingers if we were feeling frisky. (CONTINUED)
5) 7) dialog: An overweight girl dangling from the ceiling. Who hasn't had that dream?
5) 17) dialog: She has no underwear on. We have a commando situation! There is a commando situation on stage! ANGLE ON: A stern-looking President and First Lady.
7) 2) dialog: She's turning. She’s turning --
11) 0) text: The Bellas stand in two rows as if on trial. Before them, stern-looking John and Gail sit behind a desk on either s of the DEAN.
11) 2) dialog: (sarcastic) Nice intro, Seacrest.
11) 5) dialog: That's right. And we’re concerned here at the N-triple A-C-P. Your little southern exposure in front of the Commander-In-Chief has irreparably damaged the entire institution of a cappella. Funding has dropped, sponsors are pulling out, Rashida Jones is denying ever being a part of it!
11) 8) dialog: Unfortunately an example must be made. (CONTINUED)
11) 13) dialog: (leans in, re: Lilly) Did she say something? Did the Asian say something?! John points a fancy pen at Lilly.
11) 14) dialog: ‘Cause I will not be mocked! The Dean swipes the pen from John.
11) 24) dialog: In other words, they’1l keep their pants on.
11) 30) dialog: (sympathetic) I’m sorry that this disciplinary action has shocked you, especially since all of you are seniors. But the truth is, you’re just women. And you all be pregnant soon. Off their shocked reactions, we CUT TO...
12) 23) dialog: I got all day./We don’t do much. (CONTINUED)
12) 32) dialog: Look, ladies. We can’t keep you from World’s competition, but it’s not going to help your case here.
12) 36) dialog: What if you win it? What if you win it? Like, you outperform the other groups. Ho ho! How do you fit such big dreams in such a small body? What if you win it? The two laugh even harder.
12) 37) dialog: What if you win it?
12) 40) dialog: (proudly) That’s because they hate us.
12) 42) dialog: (through laughter) The whole world hates us! Off their continued laughter...
46) 2) dialog: Hey, everybody, welcome back to “Let’s Talk appella” the portable podcast edition.
46) 6) dialog: Trying to crawl their way back into the public's affection. And if they can just hold off showing us any of their genitalia, they may make it to the World Championship.
46) 9) dialog: Well, there’s a picture of it right here.
47) 0) text: BACK WITH JOHN AND GAIL: Gail stage whispers to John.
47) 4) dialog: It’s like eating a six pack of Cinnabons under the mall escalator. It’s an adrenaline rush, tastes great, but it leaves you feeling a little empty.
49) 2) dialog: It’s as if the Bellas just don’t know who they are anymore. At some point, a pyrotechnic “waterfall” of sparks begins cascading down behind the Bellas, all part of the spectac As Emily and Stacie basket toss Lilly, Jessica and Ashley shoot off confetti cannons. Lilly doesn’t land cleanly causing Emily to stagger a step or two into Flo who was d her backflips. This all causes a chain reaction that ends with Cynthia Rose falling backwards into the sparks and freaking out. Fat Amy notices.
50) 3) dialog: They've taken something I care deeply about and shoved it into a chemical toilet. I hope they all die unloved. The Bellas drag themselves off stage in disgrace.
83) 2) dialog: Here it is folks. The granddaddy of them all. (MORE ) (CONTINUED)
83) 5) dialog: The World Series, the Olympics, the “Lost” finale all wrapped up in this one night...
83) 7) dialog: Dammit, Gail!
84) 0) text: Camera PANS across a bunch of press tables with COMMENTAT from various countries, landing on John and Gail.
84) 1) dialog: The World Championship of A Cappella!
84) 3) dialog: Representing America are the embattled Barden Bellas.
84) 5) dialog: In theory, yes. Realistically? No. Those girls are dead to me.
86) 4) dialog: Our next group, Das Sound Machine spent the last six months touring America. And we’re told their favorite part was going to the mall to watch obese people drink diet soda. Das Sound Machine takes the stage. They begin with Fall o Boy’s “My Songs Know What You Did in the Dark.”
87) 2) dialog: Wow! That was something special. If the Bellas of old show up, this could go down as the most significant conflict between America and Germany in history.
87) 4) dialog: No thank you.
90) 3) dialog: It’s going to be very difficult for them to pull this off. But if they don't, it is over. 100 101 102 103 "Pitch Perfect 2" SHOOTING DRAFTS 5-11-14 115.
92) 2) dialog: This is unprecedented. The Bellas have chosen to do an original song.
92) 4) dialog: Like a baby fawn. Sipping morning dew. From a buttercup.
96) 5) dialog: Incredible. Every living Bella is up on that stage right now. ANGLE ON: The judges, clearly moved. The audience, captivated. The Kommissar, stewing. BACK ON STAGE:
97) 1) dialog: Simple, raw, vulnerable, exposed... I’ve been called many things, Gail, but let me add one more. Impressed.