4) 0) text: We settle on a man in the basket of the balloon stowing a series of instruments and trying to ignore the fact that is at the centre of all the attention. This is JAMES GLAISHER, 35, a man whose forensic attention to detail be the adventurer within. He looks at his pocket watch, irritated, and then checks rechecks that the bindings on one of his barometers are securely fastened - a job he’s clearly done a hundred tim already this morning. Another man, JOHN TREW, bookish and loyal, ascends the temporary wooden steps to the platform.
4) 2) dialog: She is, but that is the least of your problems.
4) 4) dialog: James, do the clouds not look ominous to you? But JAMES doesn’t look at the clouds, he’s consumed, he climbs out of the basket and checks his watch.
4) 6) dialog: James. Look up. JAMES looks up. He sees the dark clouds, he frowns.
4) 8) dialog: Far be it from me to doubt you, but your weather predictions have been wrong in the past and it’s just possible...
4) 12) dialog: Mr Chambers, we are scientists of the air, and we can tell you the one thing no-one can control is - well - the air -
4) 14) dialog: But even so it can’t fight the weather, you do not want to be responsible for a tragedy, Sir.
4) 20) dialog: What a truly pleasant man - JAMES - deliberately not looking up - starts to load a se of sample jars into the balloon, wrapping each one in cot and then placing them into the case.
7) 10) dialog: God speed, old man. JOHN TREW calls up to the basket. But JAMES GLAISHER does even notice him, he’s too intent on getting his notations down. The crowd watch in wonderment as the Mammoth silently ascends. Amongst them we pick out the face of CHARLIE.
10) 0) text: A younger JAMES GLAISHER is climbing fast up a sloping ro wearing a large shoulder bag. He is being pursued by JOHN TREW.
10) 1) dialog: JAMES. James.
10) 3) dialog: For God's sake. JOHN makes a face to himself. And then cursing his better nature, crawls up the roof after his friend. JOHN TREW (CONT’D) It is in the air, we could have stayed on the ground and looked up.
11) 2) dialog: You are aware he might not get off the ground? He fits the telescope into the stand.
11) 4) dialog: Maybe not quite so close to the edge of the building.
11) 6) dialog: Pinning butterflies is not a dangerous pursuit.
11) 8) dialog: It could be anything. The gas valve ruptured, the silk tore - JAMES smiles as suddenly - clear as a day across London, balloon starts to rise up. JAMES looks at JOHN with the largest of smiles.
11) 10) dialog: May I look? JAMES reluctantly lets JOHN look through. JOHN looks intently.
11) 14) dialog: You’1ll get your chance you know. They'll realise your worth.
21) 0) text: JOHN TREW stands looking through a telescope. He thinks, frowns, and puts the telescope away. CHARLIE approaches.
21) 2) dialog: There’s nothing to see. I lost them when the storm passed over.
21) 5) dialog: I didn’t presume you would. You have interest in the air?
21) 7) dialog: I'd be an unnecessary weight.
21) 9) dialog: Some reach for the stars, and some push others toward them. CHARLIE looks at him like he thinks he’s mad.
21) 11) dialog: And you're not afraid of the clouds?
21) 13) dialog: What about the birds that may attack you?
21) 15) dialog: Not possible. The AERONAUTS Cut Order - As of 20th July 2019 29
30) 0) text: JOHN TREW is staring at a watch. JAMES is anxiously packing the crate we will later see on board the Mammoth. We’re close on him to see the speed an precision with which he works, his hands a flurry through instruments.
30) 1) dialog: Come on James, imagine you’re hurtling toward the ground.
30) 3) dialog: Seventeen seconds. Hurry man, your equipment is going to be destroyed. He finishes fitting the final pieces.
30) 5) dialog: Twenty six seconds. Well done.
36) 43) dialog: Good evening Miss Wren.
36) 45) dialog: And I understand that. I just wanted to gift you this book before we parted. He hands her a book. JOHN TREW (CONT’D) I only ask if you could open it in front of me. AMELIA looks at him a moment, sighs and opens the door. 54A INT. AMELIA’S HOUSE. NIGHT 54A AMELIA opens the book. Inside are exquisite studies of th formation of snowflakes. JOHN TREW watches her. The AERONAUTS Cut Order - As of 20th July 2019 58 They're very beautiful.
36) 47) dialog: They're pictures of snowflake formation. A study of the mathematical possibilities of nature. A study undertaken by -
36) 49) dialog: He believes the sky can be understood.
36) 51) dialog: He is, sadly, occasionally wrong, he predicted it would snow tonight would you believe? But more often than not - he finds remarkable truths. Travel with him and you will discover this. I have.
36) 53) dialog: Oh, he didn’t send me, he would consider me a poor persuader, I am here on my own account.
36) 55) dialog: James believes there’s something extraordinary up there -
36) 57) dialog: (interrupting) You misunderstand me. It is not an opportunity but an obligation. (MORE )
36) 59) dialog: In this life, very few are given opportunity to change the world. You've been assigned a responsibility, Miss Wren. You have to meet it. AMELIA listens to this keenly. He looks at her a moment m and then bows. JOHN TREW (CONT’D) Enjoy the book, Madam. He exits the house, putting on his hat as he does. AMELIA stares after him.
59) 0) text: JAMES is delivering a report on his record breaking ballo ascent. JOHN TREW looks on proudly. *