4) 0) text: We settle on a man in the basket of the balloon stowing a series of instruments and trying to ignore the fact that is at the centre of all the attention. This is JAMES GLAISHER, 35, a man whose forensic attention to detail be the adventurer within. He looks at his pocket watch, irritated, and then checks rechecks that the bindings on one of his barometers are securely fastened - a job he’s clearly done a hundred tim already this morning. Another man, JOHN TREW, bookish and loyal, ascends the temporary wooden steps to the platform.
4) 9) dialog: Don’t even think of it. The NED is a tall bald man with a dour face. JAMES looks at h and smiles to mask a grimace.
4) 11) dialog: Don’t even think of telling me flight is not possible.
4) 13) dialog: I have paid for gas, I have paid for silk - and is this balloon not the strongest and largest that’s ever been?
4) 15) dialog: I don’t wish to be responsible for refunding the ten thousand who've come here ‘cause you promised them history and -—
4) 18) dialog: Good. That's fixed. Now - did you not promise me a five o’clock ascent?
5) 0) text: Fast approaching, standing on top of a carriage drawn by horses - getting cheers from all sides - AMELIA is now resplendent in a dress festooned with feathers. It’s a complete transformation from the woman we saw earlier, th woman almost cowed by the world is now wild and fabulous. has the crowd in the palm of her hand and has a look of u delight on her face. As the carriage pulls alongside the balloon, one of the m holding the ropes passes one to her. She SWINGS from it o the rostrum. She does a cartwheel on landing, and turns t cartwheel into a flip. She lands, and presents to the cro
25) 0) text: AMELIA and JAMES are now turning around the dance floor. Around them others move elegantly, AMELIA is determined n to, slipping her feet into the wrong place, kicking her h back in the wrong manner. Not ostentatiously, if it weren for the fact that we’re studying her we wouldn’t notice, it’s there. Yes, even in dance she finds small ways to rebel.
27) 0) text: 18,600ft. Rising 400ft/min. -4C / 25F We rejoin the aeronauts as they soar higher. They are sit together on the floor of the balloon. JAMES has assembled instruments on top of the campaign chest, and is using th top of his ruined table to write on. The clouds roll in their glittering masses beneath them a the balloon throws a large shadow on this heap of clouds. JAMES'’s suit is wet through and he is cold - the only th preventing hypothermia is the fierce sun - which is keepi him moderately heated (and causing his clothes to steam).