0) 1) text: THE CAMERA obeys. CAMERON (cont'd) (o.s.) We'll go no closer. Not again. Not efer again. (draws a deep breath) iss its name in Gaelic. In . English it means The Island That Likes to be Pisited. (his voice deeply ironic) Fisited indeed. There are those who hafe found the island hos- pitable to a fault. There are those who hafe found the island... hungry... for fisitors... That PADE OUT.
0) 3) dialog: (sighing) Yes...another choice bit of real estate. But here...there is no invitation here... no beckoning... CowTaIuED Courtesy WritingWithHitchcock.com Educational/Editorial Use Only "MARY ROSE" 2. Draft #2 - Feb. 15, 1964
0) 449) text: Did I? On, I merely suggested your remaining at the inn be- -, Cause I thought you seemed ‘tired. I wonder where Cameron can have got to?
0) 452) dialog: (in the soft voice of the Highlander) Iss it the wish of Mr. Blake thet I should land?
0) 454) dialog: Iss it the usn oF Mr. Blake that I should open the basket?
0) 457) dialog: I will do it with pleasure. (he peuses) There is one little matter, it iss of small importance. You may haf noticed that I always address you as Mr. Blake. I notice that you always address me as Cameron; I take no offense.
0) 459) dialog: That iss so, Matam. Youmy haf noticed that I always address you as tmatamt, It iss my way . of indicating that I consider you e ferry genteel young matron, and of all such I am the humble servant. 7 (he pauses} In saying I em your humble servant Ido mt imply that I em not as “= good as you are. With this brier explanation, matem, I will now fetch the trouts.
0) 462) dialog: The trouts, mtam, having been - cleaned in a thorough and yet easy menner by pulling then up and down in the water, the next procedure iss as follows. He wraps up the trout in a piece of newspaper and soaks t in the water.
0) 464) text: CAMERON is c Draft #2 - Feb. 15, 1904 CAMERON (cont'd) I now place the soaking little parcels on the fre, and when the paper begins to burn it will be a sure sign that the trouts iss now ready, like myself, ma'tan, to be your humble servants. (he is returning to the -boat)
0) 466) dialog: If it iss agreeable to Mistress Blake I would wish to go back. to the boat.
0) 468) dialog: (shuffling) Iwill stay.
0) 478) dialog: Colloquially tcoquin! might be used, though the classic writers would probably sey simply tun originalt,
0) 480) dialog: It iss a small Euripides I carry in the pocket, Mr. Blake.
0) 482) dialog: It may be Latin, but in these parts we kmow no better than to call it Greek,
0) 484) dialog: I thank you, Mr. Blake, but it would not be good manners for a Paid men to sit with his employers.
0) 486) dialog: It iss kindly meant, but I her Not been introduced to you.
0) 490) dialog: I hope you are ferry well, sir.
0) 492) dialog: It iss a fairly fine day. (he is not yet appeesed)
0) 496) dialog: I hope the weather will be favorable. Ky tne ROSE en passing him the sandwiches) And now, you know, you are our guest.
0) 497) dialog: I am mich obliged. (he examines the sandwiches) ) . Butcher meat! This iss ferry : excellent. (he bursts into a surprising fit of laughter, and sud. denly cuts it off) CONTINUED Courtesy WritingWithHitchcock.com Educational/Editorial Use Only "MARY ROSE” 61. Draft #2 - Peb. 15, 1964
0) 498) text: CAMERON (cont'd) Please to excuse my behavior. You haf been laughing at me all this time, but you did not mow I haf been laughing + mself also though keeping a remarkable control over my features. I will now haf my laugh out, and then I will lain. Tne finishes his laugh) I will now explain. I am not the solemn prig I hef pretended to you to be. I am really a fairly attractive young man, but I an shy and I hef been guerding against your taking liberties with me, not beceuse of myself, who am nothing, but because of ‘ the noble profession it iss my ambition to enter. They discover that they like him.
0) 500) dialog: It iss the profession of medicine. I am @ student of Aberdeen University, and in the vacation I am a boatmen, or a ghillie, or anything you please, to help to pay my fees.
0) 502) dialog: I am obliged to Mr. Bleke. And I may say, now that we know one another socially, that there iss mich in Mr. Blake which I am trying to copy.
0) 504) dialog: It iss not Mr. Blakets learning; he has not much learning, but I haf always understood thet the English manege without it. what I admire in you iss your ferry nice manners and your general
0) 507) text: CAMERON (cont'd) deportment, in all of which I haf a great deal to leern yet, and I watch these things in Mr. Blake and take memoranda of them in a little note-book. SIMON expands.
0) 509) dialog: You ere not, matam, it would not be seemly in me. Put it iss written in my heart, end also I. hafsaid it to my father, that I will remain a bachelor unless I cen marry some lady who iss ferry like Mistress Blake.
0) 511) dialog: Yes, matam, when he iss not at the University of Aberdeen.
0) 513) dialog: He does so. We share a ferry small room between us.
0) 515) dialog: Such iss not his purpose. When he has taken hisdgree he will return and be a crofter again.
0) 519) dialog: He iss getting the grandest thing in the world out of it; he iss getting education. SIMON feels that he is being gradually rubded out, end it @ relief to him that CAMERON has now to attend to the tro The paper they ere wrapped in has begun to burn.
0) 521) dialog: No, I thank you. I haf lived on trouts most of my life. This butcher meat iss more of an excellent novelty to me. (he has been eat- ing all this time)
0) 523) dialog: I am doing ferry well here, I thank you.
0) 525) dialog: (with decision) I will not sit down on this island.
0) 527) dialog: This islend has a bad name. I haf never landed on it before.
0) 531) dialog: ~~ - Iss thet so?. It was a chancey thing to do.
0) 534) dialog: Theat iss as it may be, Mis- tress Blake.
0) 536) dialog: For one thing, they are say- ing it has no authority to be here. It was not always here, so they ere saying. Then one cay it was here.
0) 538) dialog: . It happened before the time of anyone now alive, Mr. Blake,
0) 541) dialog: There are some who say that it . does. y SIMON But you have not feen it on ~ the move yoursel.
0) 545) dialog: Iam not always watching it, Mr. Blake, or listening.
0) 548) dialog: An island that hed visitors would not need to want to be visited. And why has it not visitors? Because they ere afraid to visit it.
0) 550) dialog: That iss what I say to then. Whateffer are you afraid of, I say.
0) 552) dialog: The same thing they are afraid of. There are stories, ma'am,
0) 555) dialog: There iss many stories, There iss that one of the doy who was brought to this islend, He was no older than your baby.
0) 559) dialog: No one knows, Mr. Blaze. His father and mother and their friends, they were gathering Towans on the island, and when they looked round, he was gone.
0) 561) dialog: He could not be found. He was never found.
0) 563) dialog: That iss a good thing to sey, thet he hed fellen into the water. That iss what I say.
0) 565) dialog: I do not.
0) 567) dialog: Some say he iss on the island still.
0) 569) dialog: He will be saying that they are not here always, but that - they come and So.
0) 571) dialog: (uncomfortably) I do not know. Put that iss what they say. He had heard the island calling.
0) 575) dialog: I do not know. No one can hear it but those for whom it iss meant. This iss how it iss, I might be standing close to you, Mistress Blake, as it were here, end I might hear it, ferry loud, terrible, or in soft whispers -- no one knows -- but I would haf to Go, and you willnot haf heard a@ sound. a MARY ROSE (delighted) Simon, isn't it creepy!
0) 577) dialog: It was before I was born.
0) 580) dialog: I cannot tell them if Mr. Blake will be saying things the island might not like to hear.
0) 583) dialog: This one iss about a young English miss, and they sey she was about eisht years of age, Courtesy WritingWithHitchcock.com Educational/Editorial Use Only 17 "MARY ROSE" . rc Dreft #2 - Feb. 25, 1964
0) 586) dialog: I think it iss almost fifeen years ago.
0) 590) dialog: Well, then the feather of this miss he will be fond of fish- ing, and he sometimes landed the little one on the island while he fished round it from the boat.
0) 593) dialog: That iss so, if ignorance be boldness, and sometimes --
0) 597) dialog: One day the father pulled over for his little one as usual. He saw her from the boat, and it iss seid she kissed her hand to him. Then in a moment more he reached the island, but she was gone.
0) 599) dialog: My father was one of the searchers; for many days they searched. They searched matan, long after there was no sense in searching this small island.
0) 601) dialog: There iss more. It was about @ month afterwards. Her father was walking on the shore over there, and he saw something moving on the island. All ina tremble, matam, he ceme across = a boat, and it was his little ss.
0) 603) dialog: Yes, ma'am,
0) 609) dialog: It iss not so easy es that. She did not mow ‘thas enything hed happened. She thought she had been parted from her father for but an hour. MARY ROSE shivers end takes her husbend's hard.
0) 611) dialog: It iss not good to disbelieve the stories when you ere in these parts. I belive them all when I am here, though I turn the cold light of remorseless Reason on them when I am in Aberdeen. . SIMON . Oh? An island thet hes such extreordinary pewers could surely send its call to Aberdeen or fartner.
0) 612) dialog: (troubled) I kad not thought of thet. That may be ferry true.
0) 614) dialog: I will go end bail the boat. He goes back to the boat which soon drifts out of sight.
0) 663) dialog: Iam ferry gled.
0) 665) dialog: As Mr. Blake pleases.
0) 783) dialog: Mr. Blake...Captain, I should say...I am greatly reliefed. i hadn't dared hope to find you ere...
0) 789) dialog: I will go ahead and pay my respects to Mr. and Mrs. Morland.... (his warning eye moves from SIMON to rest gently on MARY ROS2) You and your husband should walk together at your leisure... CAMERON moves rapidly away from SIMON and MARY ROS,
0) 817) dialog: (to MRS. MORLAND) Don't you think Mary Rose might like a cup of tea?
0) 819) dialog: (kindly ) If you don't fancy: tea, I expect e sip of something stronger might...ward off a chill.
0) 849) dialog: {in a rush, hoping to lend comfort, any comfort) Mrs. Blake, your family has been given reason to hope...
0) 965) text: THE CAMERA begins tcpetreat. The Islend grows szsiler, mistier. : CAMERON (cont'd) (o.s.) oe.8S8 usual. And there's a naughty boy weating for punish- ment and an old villeger who . had the fetal combination «.— week heart and bad temper. He'ss waiting to be buried. All the usual, derendable, un-islandy things. - (he sighs deeply) - You understand.