2) 153) dialog: Toad, thitteen, a young Lotek, comes strolling out on smi girder behind him. But we're thirty feet up. here. Te hes casual as if he’s gooting in the playground. 5 POR Quick pan along the length of a table spread with whit plastic. At the far end, a CRYO-UNIT. a patented head fre AGLITTERING array of surgical tools. Henson, HEAVILY BANDAGED. wearing surgical gloves, step: forward. Smiles. 4 tit SCatinnay foap: Yo, J-Bone, maximum leader, sir. Watcha clockin? J-Bone’s not pleased at being interrupted. He gestures fo to shut up. Indicates Johnny scurrying closer. Toad joins Squats next to him. J-Bone raises the monocular to his eye again, watches as he approaches the ruins of an old building. » Doctor w EXT. RATLANDS. NIGHT. _ Johnny calmly turns to Laslo, who You lied. Ruins of a factory and outbuildings. Near a river, Yeah... the shadow of a BRIDGE. : Inside, a burnt shell of a building with blacked-out strip of light leaks under the warped door. Johnny’s hand reaches for his watch, presses a button THE MOTION DETECTOR EXPLODES. right behind Lasto _ Johnny immediately headbutts Lasio, then grabs his arm throws him forward across the table. Instruments flying. EXT. RATLANDS. NIGHT. Johnny skirts the building. checking it out. Moves up door. Removes the motion detector from his belt. IT TO THE DOORIAMB, He bends over and tries to through the crack. The door opens inward, fast. Johnay’s level with LASLO’s cowboy-booted ankles. soon ocala Henson goes after him with a HIGH. IN with silencer, skeletal sight stock, telescopic laser
9) 136) dialog: Oh shit...!
12) 40) dialog: 2ZIP! The filament slices an ellipse from the metal junk Johnny's head should have been. Johnny backs up; his fing find a CROWBAR among the junk. He brandishes it like 4 weapon. ZINGG! He is holding a twelve-inch stump with a MIRROR-POLISHED end. Raise your chin. Let's make this clean. Second Yabuza aiming across the waist-high console berwee Jane and him. As he fires, she DROPS. Darts SPATTER off t metal console, missing her. Jane SCISSORS her legs as she pulls herself below the con and through, catching Second Yakuza’ legs, dropping him Johnny quickly backing away out of node over ANOTHER CONTAINER. Shinji pursues, filament poised. Jane throws herself on Second Yakuza, driving her PIST in his throat; his air gun slides across the floor, Jane fra clawing after it— INT, HEAVEN. CONTAINER. NIGHT. Johnny backs up into a messy storage container. filled wi electronics and other salvaged junk. Not much room to mov and no way out. Shinji lets fly with the filament: Johnny Out of the way. The filament cuts through a stack of rust metal junk, barely moving it. Johnny crawls up, backs aga the wall. Shinji moves forward . . EXT, HEAVEN. BELOW BRIDGE, NIGHT. Female Yakuza fires...