74) 6) text: They finally did let Alexander come home. Cried like a kitten would cry. And Norman would get this kind of stubborn look whenever I had to do something, go warm a bottle or something. I'd be hanging over the crib watching Alexander fight for air, and Norman would call, "Muriel? Commercial's just about over!" Macon watches her..
80) 0) text: The RECEPTIONIST is a gray-haired woman. Muriel sits reading a magazine. Macon raises one of the slats of the venetian blinds to check on Edward sitting on the sidewalk outside. MACON . How old did you say Alexander was?
81) 0) text: Alexander rides next to Muriel. Macon sits in back with Edward.
88) 0) text: MIDDLE OF THE NIGHT. Macon awakes to the sound of Alexander briefly COUGHING in the other room. Then it is quiet again. Macon turns and finds Muriel. She sighs in her sleep and lifts his hand and places it upon her stomach. The robe has fallen open; he feels smooth skin, and then a corrugated ridge of flesh jutting across her abdomen. The Caesarean. Macon's face is peaceful.
90) 6) dialog: I'm allergic to pizza.
90) 8) dialog: Huh?"
91) 4) dialog: All of it.
91) 6) dialog: Well, I am.
93) 3) text: In the living room, at night, ‘Alexander watches TV and 1 Edward snoozes on the couch beside him. Alexander hugs. him and buries his face in Edward's ruff. is
94) 0) text: Macon is crouched beneath the sink, turning off a ‘valve. He is trying to teach Alexander how to fix a faucet. Alexander sits C-shaped in his chair, chin on one hand, eyes expressionless. Muriel watches uncertainly. MACON. Now, you see I shut the valve off. What did I do that for?-. Macon stands and starts unscrewing the faucet. I'm not so sure about this. “He's. a tee not very strong. - : MACON © Why did I shut off the valve, Alexander? .
94) 1) dialog: Why. / , :
94) 3) text: 114 THE ACCIDENTAL TOURIST - Rev. 3/14/87 . - B2A. CONTINUED: (Al) oo 114 MACON. 2m You tell me. eo ALEXANDER l= You tell me. . -- + . ” (CONTINUED)
94) 8) dialog: So the water won't whoosh all over.
94) 10) dialog: Me? Macon nods and offers him the screwdriver.
94) 11) dialog: I don't want to.
94) 21) dialog: (checks, nods) Now what. Lek MACON © , Now we turn the water back on and see what kind of job you've done. Macon crouches beneath the sink and shows him where the valve is. Alexander reaches past him and. twists it, GRUNTING. Then he rises and _turns on the faucet ..
94) 23) text: MACON” Look at that! You've solved the” problen. | wore Alexander fights to hold a seria back: we o os
94) 26) dialog: -Tssh! Tssh! “CUT TO: . INT. MOVIE THEATRE Be te LA
94) 27) text: Macon, Muriel, and Alexander are seeing a movie. They: are sitting up close. Macon is in the middle. Muriel- reaches across him to take popcorn from Alexander's bucket. As she comes back across, Macon folds her more tightly under his arm and they kiss. -
99) 3) dialog: (calling to the others) Hey, wait for me! The Children turn and call back at him, in a high, mockin
99) 9) dialog: Nothing. As they start walking again, we are CLOSE ON Macon's hand as Alexander slips his own little hand into Macon's. (CONTINUED)
100) 0) text: Macon steers Alexander around the boys' department in the old st ore, which has wooden floorboards and is jammed with merchandise. Alexander holds an armload of jeans. They have couple for Alexander, who nods as Macon piles them on his stack. Alexander
100) 1) dialog: What I'd really like is T-shirts.
100) 5) dialog: I don't want to look now.
100) 7) dialog: But nothing prewashed.
100) 9) dialog: Only nerds wear prewashed.
100) 14) dialog: I can do it myself.
100) 28) dialog: I look great!
101) 0) text: Macon, Muriel and Alexander are on their way to Rose and Julian's wedding. Muriel seems to be the most anxious.
102) 0) text: Macon, Muriel and Alexander have just reached the front door when it is opened by an extravagant lady in her sixties with tomato red hair -- Macon's mother, ALICIA. - It takes Macon a second to place her. She wears a white caftan trimmed with vibrant bands of satin, and when she reaches up to hug him a whole culvert of metal bangles clatter and slide down her left arm. (CONTINUED)
106) 0) text: Dominick Saddler is sitting on the couch with Alexander. The muscular teen dwarfs the little boy, who listens in fascination.
109) 0) text: Macon comes into the living room where Alexander, having heard everything, is watching TV with Edward. Alexander moves over on the couch to give him space. Alexander tenses at each CLATTER in the kitchen. After a while the CLATTERS die down. Macon and Alexander look at each other.
126) 0) text: Dominick sits on the couch with Alexander, holding aloft a can of paste wax and telling him his story. But what we HEAR is: MURIEL'S V.0O. Want to hear something awful? My car will be just fine. Straighten the front end and it'll run good as ever.