16) 0) text: Macon drags Edward into the waiting room. The dog is WHIMPERING, his claws scrabbling on the linoleum, rump shaking. He doesn't like this. Behind the counter stands a thin Young Woman in a ruffled peasant blouse. She has aggressively frizzy hair that burgeons to her shoulders like an Arab headdress. Her name is MURIEL PRITCHETT.
16) 1) dialog: Hi, there.
16) 3) dialog: Sure.
16) 8) dialog: Do you have a reservation?
16) 10) dialog: Most people reserve.
16) 13) dialog: Edward? Do you bite? How could you.do such a thing? ~-
16) 15) dialog: _ Can't you leave him home with your wife?
16) 17) dialog: Oh. You're not married?
16) 19) dialog: Oh. Muriel comes out from behind the counter. She is wearing very short red shorts. Edward begins to calm down. (CONTINUED)
16) 22) dialog: I'm a divorcy myself. I know what you're going through. Edward folds his ears back inviting a pat. She bends and strokes his head.
16) 24) dialog: Oh, I guess. If you're desperate. (hands him a form) Fill this out. Your name and address and when you'll be back. Don't forget to put when you'll be back. Macon nods, uncapping his fountain pen.
16) 25) dialog: I'll most likely see you again when you come to pick him up. I mean if you put the time of day to expect you. My name's Muriel. (looks up at him writing) Muriel Pritchett.
24) 5) dialog: Well, hi there! How was your trip?
24) 7) dialog: Sure, he's all right. We just got on like a house afire. Seems he took a shine to me, I couldn't say why.
24) 9) dialog: Caroline will bring him. Muriel waits, facing him and wearing a perky smile. (CONTINUED)
24) 12) dialog: Oh, yes. That'll be forty-two dollars. Macon gives her a credit card. The length of her nails makes working the embossing machine difficult. She turns the bill in his direction.
24) 13) dialog: Signature and phone. (watches him sign) Is that your home phone, or your business?
24) 16) dialog: My speciality is dogs that bite.
24) 19) dialog: Oh, not for me! TI can handle anything. Edward bursts through the door, followed by the Girl with the ponytail. (CONTINUED )
24) 22) dialog: Biters, barkers, dogs that haven't been treated right... even split personality.
24) 24) dialog: Where your dog is, like, nice to you but kills all others... Not that Edward would bite me, of course. He just fell in love with me, like I think I was telling you.
24) 26) dialog: But I could train him in no time not to bite other people. You think it over and call me. Muriel, remember? Muriel Pritchett. Let me give you my card. She hands him a card.
24) 28) dialog: Or just call for no reason! Call and talk.
24) 30) dialog: Sure! Talk about Edward, his problems, talk about...anything! Pick up the phone and just talk. Don't you ever get the urge to do that?
30) 5) dialog: Macon? It's Muriel.
30) 7) dialog: Muriel Pritchett. We begin to INTERCUT:
31) 0) text: Muriel sits on the couch in the living room of her cramped row house. She holds the receiver with her chin and shoulder so her hands are free to try on a variety of press-on fingernails.
31) 2) dialog: From the vet's? Who got on so good with your dog?
31) 4) dialog: I was just wondering how Edward was. Macon glances over at Edward.
31) 6) dialog: No problems?
31) 11) dialog: He ought to be trained.
31) 13) dialog: That's not too old! Tell you what, maybe I could just come around and discuss it.
31) 15) dialog: Or you could come to my place. I'd fix you supper. (silence) Macon? What do you say? Macon looks at the phone, confused.
31) 17) dialog: Well, I can understand that. Believe me. I've been through that stage. So what I'll do is, I'll wait for you to get in touch.
31) 19) dialog: I don't want to be pushy!
45) 3) dialog: Now you kind of cluck your tongue. They get to know a cluck means praise. And when I hold my hand out -- see? That means he has to stay. Edward stays, but a YELP erupts from him every few seconds. Finally, Muriel snaps her fingers over Edward's head. Edward jumps up, BARKING.
45) 4) dialog: (to dog) That was very good. Muriel reaches into her purse and pulls out a long blue leash attached to a choke chain. She slips the choke chain over Edward's head. :
45) 5) dialog: He's supposed to wear this every minute till he's trained. That way you can yank him back whenever he does something wrong. She takes a step back and points to Edward's rump. Edward stands fast.
45) 6) dialog: Poke him down. Macon props a crutch against the radiator and bends stiffly to jab Edward with one finger. Edward sits. Macon CLUCKS. Then he straightens and backs away, hold- ing out his palm. But instead of staying, Edward rises and follows him. Muriel HISSES between her teeth. Edward shrinks down again.
45) 7) dialog: He doesn't take you seriously. (CONTINUED)
45) 12) dialog: A couple of years ago I saw this ad in the paper. Make extra money in your off hours. Place was a dog-training firm that went around to people's houses. Doggie, Do, it was called. Don't you just hate that name? But anyhow, I answered the ad. I told them that to be honest, I didn't like animals but Mr. Quarles, the owner, he told me that was just as well. He told me it was people who got all mushy about them that had the most trouble.
45) 14) dialog: Who's the lady?
45) 16) dialog: The lady I just saw walking through the dining room.
45) 18) dialog: Is she your ex-wife? Or what.
45) 20) dialog: Oh, your sister!
45) 22) dialog: I don't live with anybody either. Macon blinks, trying to follow her thought.
45) 23) dialog: You can release him now. (CONTINUED)
45) 27) dialog: Release your dog. Macon snaps his fingers and Edward jumps up, YAPPING.
45) 28) dialog: How about you? What do you do for a living?
45) 30) dialog: Travel guides! Lucky. I love to travel!
45) 32) dialog: If I could go anywhere I'd go to Paris. It sounds so romantic.
45) 34) dialog: Take me with you next time! I could show you the good parts.
45) 36) dialog: I was only teasing. (looks at him) You think I meant it?
45) 39) dialog: That will be fourteen forty, including the leash and the choke chain. You have to practice what he's learned, and no one else can practice for you. Macon counts out some bills and all his change.
45) 40) dialog: You can pay me the other four cents tomorrow. Muriel motions for Edward to sit and hands the leash to Macon.
45) 41) dialog: Release him when I'm gone. Macon holds out his palm and stares hard into Edward's eyes, begging him to stay. Edward stays, but he MOANS when he sees Muriel go out the front door, When Macon snaps his fingers, Edward jumps up and attacks the front door. .
47) 0) text: A damp, drippy morning. Muriel and Macon are in rain- coats. Muriel is teaching Edward to "heel." Macon struggles along on his crutches.
47) 1) dialog: When I was in high school I made nothing but A's. You're surprised at that, aren't you? You think I'm kind of like, not an intellect. I know what you're thinking! You're surprised.
47) 5) dialog: That's the “heel” command. She starts walking. Edward follows uncertainly.
47) 6) dialog: He's supposed to match his pace to anything. Slow, fast, anything I do. She speeds up and Edward scurries after her. Edward crosses in front of her and Muriel walks right into him, kicking him. When he dawdles, she yanks his leash. Soon Edward is keeping close to Muriel's left side.
47) 7) dialog: I think he's got the hang of it. Now you. Macon attempts to slap his hip without losing his crutche Then he sets off. Edward keeps pulling ahead.
47) 8) dialog: Yank that leash! He knows what he's supposed to do. Don't forget to cluck. Every little minute, you have to praise him.
47) 10) dialog: Hah! I once taught a man who had no legs and only one arm. Macon looks at her sharply, doubtful.
47) 11) dialog: And he had a Great Dane.
47) 13) dialog: You're not in such bad shape. They reach the front of Rose's house.
48) 1) dialog: I have to get going. (MORE) (CONTINUED)
48) 4) dialog: That will be five dollars, please, and the four cents you owe me from yesterday. He gives her the money and she stuffs it in her raincoat pocket.
48) 5) dialog: Next time; I'll stay longer and talk. That's a promise. Muriel trills her fingers at him, and clicks off toward a car parked down the street -- an aged, gray, boat-like sedan. She slides in and slams the door -- there is a sound like falling beer cans. The engine TWANGS and RATTLES before it takes hold. Macon watches her go. MACON'S V.O. {same guidebook tone) It is an unfortunate fact that even the most conscientious traveler cannot be prepared for every encounter. At such times, one must remain calm and rely upon one's innate common sense.
51) 0) text: Macon watches as Muriel stands over Edward, who dances happily around her. Muriel has a gauzy bouffant scarf over her hair. She points at Edward's rump. The dog sits and Muriel picks up his leash.
51) 2) dialog: What?
51) 4) dialog: Who told you that?
51) 7) dialog: How come you phoned?
51) 10) dialog: I told you he'd be stubborn about it.
51) 12) dialog: What do you expect? You think I'm magical or something? Why blame me? (CONTINUED)
51) 15) dialog: You most certainly are. You tell me something's wrong, you call me on the phone --
51) 17) dialog: You think it's weird I didn't mention Alexander, don't you? You think I'm some kind of unnatural mother.
51) 19) dialog: You're not going to give me another thought, are you, now you know I've got a kid. You're like, "Oh, forget it, no point getting involved in that." As Muriel's voice grows shriller, the hair on Edward's neck begins to stand up. The dog's lip begins to curl and he starts a low GROWL.
51) 20) dialog: You wonder why I didn't tell you about Alexander right off. Well, isn't it obvious? Don't you see what happens when I do? Muriel looks down at the dog and stops speaking. She taps her foot twice, but Edward rises from his sitting position, a distinct hump between his shoulders.
51) 21) dialog: Down. With a BELLOW, Edward springs at her fate, every tooth bare and gleaming. Muriel instantly raises the leash. . He stops barking and starts making GARGLING SOUNDS.
51) 27) dialog: See that? When they lick their lips it's a sign they're giving in. Doggie, Do taught me that. Macon stands up, shaking.
51) 29) dialog: Huh?
51) 31) dialog: (tightening scarf) Well, fine. If that's the way you feel, just fine and dandy. She steps neatly around Edward and opens the front door.
51) 32) dialog: You want a dog you can't handle? Fine with me.
51) 34) dialog: You want a dog that bites all your friends? You want an evil, nasty dog? That kills the whole world? She slips. out the screen door and closes it behind her. Then she looks through the screen directly into Macon's eyes. (CONTINUED)
51) 37) dialog: Why, yes, I guess you do. From the hall floor, Edward gives a MOAN.
68) 29) dialog: Hel-lo.
69) 0) text: Muriel has a magazine on her lap. She sits on a ratty sofa. (CONTINUED)
69) 3) dialog: Oh! How are you doing? WE BEGIN TO INTERCUT Macon and Muriel.
69) 5) dialog: Edward's in your pantry -- ?
69) 7) dialog: Well, what a dumb fool idea.
69) 9) dialog: I'll go right away.
69) 11) dialog: So good-bye for now, Macon.
69) 13) dialog: Oh, Lord, I'd be scared too after I went and saw Towering Inferno.
69) 17) dialog: Did you see Towering Inferno? Boy, after that you couldn't get me past jumping level in any building. JI think people who go up in skyscrapers are just plain brave. I mean if you think about it, Macon, you have to be brave to be standing where you are right now. : This stops Macon cold for several beats.
69) 19) dialog: No, I'm serious.
69) 21) dialog: You just say that because you don't realize what you went through before you stepped into the elevator. See, underneath you said, "Okay, I'll trust it." Why, you ought to be walking around that building so amazed and proud of yourself! Macon gives a small, dry laugh and grips the receiver more tightly.
69) 22) dialog: Now, here's what I'm going to do. I'm going to go get Edward and take him to the Meow-Bow. Then when you get back from your trip, we need to talk about his training. I mean, things just can't go on this way, Macon.
69) 24) dialog: I mean this is ridiculous.
69) 28) dialog: See you, then. ‘Bye.
70) 0) text: Macon watches Muriel as she stands over Edward, who lays squirming on the hall rug. MURIEL . I'll be honest, my baby was not exactly planned for. If you want to know the truth, the baby was the reason we got married. (checks Macon's reaction, then indicates the dog) Now I'm going to turn my back, and you watch how he does. Muriel wanders into the living room. She lifts a vase from a table and examines its underside. She sits on the couch and raises one foot in front of her, turning it admiringly this way and that. Her stocking bags at the ankle; she pulls it up.
70) 1) dialog: Pretty soon he'll lie like that for three hours straight.
70) 3) dialog: I thought you promised not to talk like that. ~ (CONTINUED)
70) 7) dialog: My son's name is Alexander. Did I tell you that? Something went wrong while I was carrying him and they had to do a Caesarean and take him out early and I can't ever have any more children. Alexander was so teeny he didn't even look like a human, and he had to stay in an incubator forever, just about, and nearly died. Norman -- that's my ex-husband -- he said, "When's it going to look like other babies?" Norman always called Alexander "it." Edward WHIMPERS. He is just barely lying down -- his haunches braced, his claws digging into the carpet.
70) 8) dialog: Maybe you and Alexander should get together some time.
70) 10) dialog: He doesn't have enough men in his life. Maybe the three of us could go to a movie. Do you ever go to movies?
74) 0) text: Muriel and Macon are walking with Edward, training him not to chase cyclists.
74) 1) dialog: Norman couldn't understand why I was all the time at the hospital visiting Alexander. He was in for months. You should have seen our medical bills. Finally I took a job at the hospital. I got a kind of, like a maid's job, emptying trash cans, wet-mopping floors... A biker appears at the end of the street, a Girl with a Baskin-Robbins uniform bunching below her jacket. Edward perks his ears up. (CONTINUED)
74) 4) dialog: Now, act like we expect no trouble. Just go along, go along, don't even look in Edward's direction. The Girl skims by them. Edward sniffs the breeze but marches on,
74) 6) text: They finally did let Alexander come home. Cried like a kitten would cry. And Norman would get this kind of stubborn look whenever I had to do something, go warm a bottle or something. I'd be hanging over the crib watching Alexander fight for air, and Norman would call, "Muriel? Commercial's just about over!" Macon watches her..
74) 7) dialog: And then one day Norman's mother came over to help him pack his clothes and he left me. She slows and then comes to a stop. Edward, with a martyred sigh, sits down at her heel.
74) 8) dialog: All that time Alexander was in the hospital seemed so awful, but now when I look back, I almost miss it. I mean there was something cozy about it. I think about those nurses gossiping at the nurses' station and those rows of little babies sleeping. It was winter and sometimes I'd stand at a window and look out and I'd feel happy to be warm and safe. I'd look down at the emergency room entrance and watch the ambulances coming in. You ever wonder what a Martian might think if he happened to land near an emergency room? (MORE ) (CONTINUED)
74) 11) dialog: He'd see an ambulance whizzing in and everybody running out to meet it, tearing the doors open, grabbing up the stretcher, scurrying along with it. "Why," he'd say, “what a helpful planet, what kind and helpful creatures." He'd never guess we're not always that way, that we had to, oh, put aside our natural selves to do it. "What a helpful race of beings," a Martian would say. Don't you think so? She looks up at Macon. Macon experiences a sudden twist in his chest. He bends and kisses her, surprising them both. Her fist with the leash in it is caught between them like a stone. Macon draws back.
76) 0) text: Muriel is driving her long gray boat of a car. Macon sits beside her. Edward is in back, his ears horizontal with joy as he sticks his head out the window.
76) 1) dialog: I got this car for only two hundred dollars. That's because it needed work. But I took it to Dominick, this boy down the street from where I live. I said, “Dominick, here's the deal. You fix my car up, I let you have the use of it three nights a week and all day Sunday." Wasn't that a good idea?
77) 0) text: Macon approaches the big window in front as though sneaking up on someone. He stops and looks. MACON'S POV. Edward is sitting obediently out on the sidewalk. Now Macon's gaze shifts down the sidewalk two car lengths. Muriel is leaning against the fender of her car making faces into a brown plastic compact. She barely glances in Edward's direction. CLOSE ON Macon as he stares at Muriel. 92 93 72.
78) 1) dialog: Give him lots of praise! Muriel leads them next door to a drugstore and motions for Edward to "stay."
78) 2) dialog: This time we'll both go in.
78) 4) dialog: We'll have to try it sooner or later.
79) 0) text: Macon and Muriel stroll back to the cosmetics counter. Macon keeps looking toward the front. Muriel stops to try on a lipstick.
79) 1) dialog: Too pink. What are you doing for dinner tomorrow night?
79) 3) dialog: Come- and eat at my house. Come on. We'll have fun.
79) 5) dialog: Just for dinner, you and me and Alexander. Say six o'clock. Number Sixteen Singleton Street. Know where that is?
79) 9) dialog: Think it over a while.
80) 0) text: The RECEPTIONIST is a gray-haired woman. Muriel sits reading a magazine. Macon raises one of the slats of the venetian blinds to check on Edward sitting on the sidewalk outside. MACON . How old did you say Alexander was?
80) 1) dialog: He's seven. Have you thought?
80) 3) dialog: Have you given any thought to coming to dinner?
80) 5) dialog: What else would it be for? She smiles up at him and tosses her hair back.
80) 7) dialog: Sweetie, this is Macon. Can you say hi? _ Macon holds out his hand. After a moment, Alexander shakes it weakly.
80) 11) dialog: He's used to it because he's had to go so often. He's got these allergies.
80) 13) dialog: He's allergic to shellfish, milk, eggs, and most vegetables. Also, dust, pollen and paint, and we think maybe he's allergic to air. Whenever he's outside a long time he gets these bumps on any uncovered parts of his body.
81) 0) text: Alexander rides next to Muriel. Macon sits in back with Edward.
81) 1) dialog: Alexander is subject to asthma, exzema, and nosebleeds. If a bee ever stings him and he hasn't had his shots he could be dead in half an hour. Alexander turns his head slowly and gazes at Macon.
82) 0) text: Macon sits alone with a box of good stationery and pen in hand. He has rejected several attempts. Now he tries again -- MACON'S V.0O. Dear Muriel -- He lifts the pen. Finally, he begins to write again. : MACON'S V.O. I am very sorry, but I won't be able to have dinner with you after all. Again he lifts the pen, anguished. After a long moment, he seems inspired and writes -- (CONTINUED)
84) 0) text: Macon gets out of the car and climbs the steps. He opens the screen door. It CLATTERS in a cheap way and the hinges SHRIEK. Macon winces. He takes the letter from his pocket and bends down. MURIEL 0O.S. (from inside house) I've got a double-barreled shotgun and I'm aiming it exactly where your head is. Macon straightens sharply. Her voice sounds level and dangerous.
84) 2) dialog: Macon! What are you doing here? Macon looks defeated. He gives her the letter. She takes it and opens it, using both hands. ‘No shotgun. She reads it and looks up at him. . (CONTINUED )
85) 0) text: Muriel takes one of his wrists very gently and draws him into the house. She puts her arms around him and hugs him. His head is next to hers, above her shoulder so that he is not looking into her face,
86) 0) text: After a moment of silence, Muriel draws Macon across the living room, up the stairway and across the hall into a bedroom.
87) 2) dialog: Just sleep. Lie down and sleep. We begin a SERIES OF SHOTS which DISSOLVE gently into each other with a wooziness that matches Macon's exhaustion: Muriel removes his duffel coat and hangs it on a hook in a closet curtained with a length of flowered sheeting. She kneels and unties his shoes. He steps out of them obediently. She unbuttons his shirt as he stands with his hands at his sides. She hangs his trousers over a chair back. He drops onto the bed in his underwear and she covers him with a thin, withered quilt. CLOSE ON Macon as he lies in bed and HEARS: Muriel moving about the small house, shutting off lights, running water, murmuring something in the bedroom across the hall. When he hears her come back into the room and close the door, he is just able to look at her over the quilt: Muriel stands in front of the bureau with its old mirror. She CLINKS her earrings into a dish. Her robe is old, shattered silk, the color of sherry. She switches off the lamp. Then she comes over to the bed, lifts the quilt and slides under it.
87) 5) dialog: (shaking her head) I'm bashful. (CONTINUED)
88) 0) text: MIDDLE OF THE NIGHT. Macon awakes to the sound of Alexander briefly COUGHING in the other room. Then it is quiet again. Macon turns and finds Muriel. She sighs in her sleep and lifts his hand and places it upon her stomach. The robe has fallen open; he feels smooth skin, and then a corrugated ridge of flesh jutting across her abdomen. The Caesarean. Macon's face is peaceful.
90) 0) text: Macon gets out of his car with a pizza box in hand. Muriel's block has a vigorous street life, lots of people hanging out, listening to music, talking. Macon, getting a little familiar with the area now, nods at a couple of the regulars: DEBBIE and DORRIE, the next- door neighbor's twin daughters, who are perched on their front stoop -- flashy sixteen-year-olds in jeans as tight as sauSage casings.
92) 0) text: Macon comes into the kitchen. Muriel stands with her back to him talking on the phone with her mother.
92) 1) dialog: (into phone) You didn't even ask what happened with his eye doctor, and here I was so worried about it. I swear sometimes you'd think Alexander wasn't your grandson! Macon presents himself in front of her, holding out the pizza, with a good bit more snap and exuberance than we've seen in him before.
92) 3) dialog: Ma. I'm going now! Macon's here! Maybe this explains Macon's new dash: no one could want amore enthusiastic welcome.
94) 0) text: Macon is crouched beneath the sink, turning off a ‘valve. He is trying to teach Alexander how to fix a faucet. Alexander sits C-shaped in his chair, chin on one hand, eyes expressionless. Muriel watches uncertainly. MACON. Now, you see I shut the valve off. What did I do that for?-. Macon stands and starts unscrewing the faucet. I'm not so sure about this. “He's. a tee not very strong. - : MACON © Why did I shut off the valve, Alexander? .
94) 12) dialog: Let him just watch.
94) 27) text: Macon, Muriel, and Alexander are seeing a movie. They: are sitting up close. Macon is in the middle. Muriel- reaches across him to take popcorn from Alexander's bucket. As she comes back across, Macon folds her more tightly under his arm and they kiss. -
98) 0) text: No snow now. Macon parks in front of Muriel's house and takes his overnight bag from his car. DOMINICK SADDLER, a handsome, muscular, nineteen-year-old greaser, is work- ing under the hood of Muriel's car. On either side of him stand the twins, Dorrie and Debbie, talking away a mile a minute.
101) 0) text: Macon, Muriel and Alexander are on their way to Rose and Julian's wedding. Muriel seems to be the most anxious.
101) 1) dialog: (to Alexander) It's Macon's sister Rose that's getting married. You understand that? Alexander nods. He is wearing a new pair of jeans and some shiny cowboy boots. Macon glances over at Muriel: she looks pretty. They ride in silence for several long moments. Finally, Muriel turns to face Alexander in the back seat.
101) 2) dialog: Now don't be nervous, honey. He looks at her; it hadn't occurred to him.
102) 0) text: Macon, Muriel and Alexander have just reached the front door when it is opened by an extravagant lady in her sixties with tomato red hair -- Macon's mother, ALICIA. - It takes Macon a second to place her. She wears a white caftan trimmed with vibrant bands of satin, and when she reaches up to hug him a whole culvert of metal bangles clatter and slide down her left arm. (CONTINUED)
102) 10) dialog: Pleased to meet you.
103) 0) text: Alicia leads them toward the back of the house, linking her arm through Muriel's.
103) 2) dialog: Oh, kind of.
103) 4) dialog: I think he's nice. (CONTINUED )
103) 8) dialog: Alexander? Coming?
105) 0) text: Macon and Muriel are lying in bed.
105) 1) dialog: I never told you this, but a while before I met you I was dating somebody else.
105) 5) dialog: He was a customer at the Rapid- Eze Copy Center where I worked. He brought me his divorce papers to copy and we started having this conversation and ended up going out together. His divorce was awful. He said he didn't think he could ever trust a woman again. He didn't: like going to sleep when a@ woman was in the same room. But bit by bit I changed all that. He relaxed. We started talking about getting married. Then he met an airline stewardess and eloped with her within the week.
105) 7) dialog: It was like I had, you know, cured him, just so he could elope with another woman. There is a moment of silence. Macon shifts, putting his arm around Muriel.
105) 8) dialog: You wouldn't do anything like that, would you, Macon?
105) 10) dialog: Would you elope with someone else? Would you see someone else behind my back?
105) 12) dialog: Would you leave me and go home to your wife?
105) 14) dialog: Would you? She cocks her head and considers him. Her eyes are alert and bright and knowing, like the eyes of some small animal. 127 128 98.
107) 0) text: Muriel is reading People magazine. Macon comes down- stairs and sits opposite her.
107) 4) dialog: (continues to turn pages) Oh, he's okay.
107) 6) dialog: Well, he's only in second grade.
107) 8) dialog: Private schools cost money. Muriel looks at him.
107) 10) dialog: What are you saying?
107) 12) dialog: What are you saying, Macon? Are you saying you're committed?
107) 14) dialog: Alexander's got ten more years of school ahead of him. Are you saying you'll be around for all ten years? I can't just put him in a school and take him out again with every passing whim of yours. Macon is silent. (CONTINUED)
107) 16) dialog: Just tell me this much. Do you picture us getting married sometime? I mean when your divorce comes through?
107) 18) dialog: You don't, do you? You don't know what you want. One minute you like me and the next you don't. One minute you're ashamed to be seen with me and the next you think I'm the best thing that ever happened to you. He stares at her. He hadn't guessed that she read him so clearly.
107) 19) dialog: You think you can just drift along like this, day by day, no plans. Maybe tomorrow you'll be here, maybe you won't. Maybe you'll just go on back to Sarah. He looks up at her sharply.
107) 20) dialog: Oh yes! I saw you at Rose's wedding. Don't think I didn't see how you and Sarah looked at each other.
107) 22) dialog: (even more intense) All I'm saying is take care what you promise my son. Don't go making him promises you don't intend to keep.
108) 3) dialog: Just tell me this, Macon, and be honest -- why can't we get married in the fall?
108) 5) dialog: You'll be separated a year then, Macon.
108) 8) dialog: You and Sarah, I suppose.
108) 10) dialog: (suddenly shouting) You're so selfish! You're so self-centered! You've got all these fancy reasons for never doing a single thing I want! (CONTINUED)
108) 13) dialog: Just get out!
110) 0) text: Macon lies awake in bed next to Muriel, who now wakes fro fitful sleep. Half-asleep, she looks at Macon. She snuggles next to him and he enfolds her.
110) 1) dialog: I have to be able to tell you what I want, Macon. TI have to.
110) 3) dialog: --But without being afraid you'll go away. I can't be afraid all the time.
110) 5) dialog: You are. You're all packed.
110) 7) dialog: (drifting) Don't leave me, Macon.
117) 0) text: CLOSE ON Macon as he eases his car to a stop at the curb. He leaves the car running but turns off the lights. He stares off across the deserted street, in some pain. WHAT MACON SEES. He is looking at Muriel's house and the surrounding block. A door opens on the porch beyond Muriel's and Debbie, one of the twins, quietly sneaks out of her house and hurries away in the shadows. Macon's attention returns to Muriel's house. The living room window is lit. After another long moment, Macon puts the car in gear, turns on the lights and pulls away.
122) 0) text: Muriel watches as he packs.
122) 1) dialog: Macon? Are you really doing this? Do you mean to tell me you can just use a person up and then move on? You think I'm some kind of ... bottle of something you don't have any further need for? Is that how you see me, Macon? Macon looks at her, but nothing he can say is going to make it better. His glance flicks away and we CUT BACK
124) 2) dialog: (flatly) What.
124) 4) dialog: Yes, I know.
125) 0) text: Muriel is alone here. She's been making chocolate pudding from a box. She looks bad -- haggard and distraught. We begin to INTERCUT Muriel and Macon.
125) 1) dialog: So?
125) 5) dialog: Don't you believe I can manage that much for myself?
125) 7) dialog: Don't you think I know the simplest dumbest thing?
125) 9) dialog: A fine one you are. Ditch that child without a word of farewell and then call me up on the telephone to see if I'm raising him right!
125) 11) dialog: Criticize! That's what you wanted to do! Tell me ‘Oodles of Noodles’ is not a balanced meal and then go off and desert him and then have the nerve to call me up and tell me I'm not a good mother!
125) 13) dialog: Dominick is dead.
125) 15) dialog: ~ Not that you would care. He died.
125) 21) dialog: The girl he had with him didn't get so much as a scratch.
125) 23) dialog: Dominick died instantly.
126) 0) text: Dominick sits on the couch with Alexander, holding aloft a can of paste wax and telling him his story. But what we HEAR is: MURIEL'S V.0O. Want to hear something awful? My car will be just fine. Straighten the front end and it'll run good as ever.
127) 2) dialog: I have to go now and sit with Mrs. Saddler in the funeral home.
127) 4) dialog: (spitefully) No.
127) 8) dialog: Alexander's got people of his own to stay with him. At Macon's, the doorbell RINGS, and Edward starts BARKING
127) 9) dialog: Sounds like you have company.
127) 11) dialog: I'll let you get back to your life.
136) 0) text: The plane to Paris is crowded as Macon finds his seat. Macon glances up the aisle, where more passengers are arriving. A Japanese Man, a Nun, a Young Girl in braids. A Woman with a little red vanity kit, her hair a dark tent. Muriel. She walks toward him, watching her feet. When she is next to him she raises her eyes and it's clear that she's known all along he was there.
136) 1) dialog: I'm going to France.
136) 3) dialog: I'm going to walk along the Seine. Muriel notices the people stacking up behind her and moves on.
137) 0) text: The movie is showing in the darkened cabin. Macon makes his way down the aisle, his shaving kit in hand. The lavatories are occupied, so Macon waits. He turns to find Muriel.
137) 2) dialog: You don't own this plane! And you don't own Paris, either. (CONTINUED)
137) 21) dialog: “(lifts her chin) Because I felt like it.
138) 7) text: Macon turns on the water, ‘the truth. of Muriel 8 last — words banging against his forehead . : EXT. DE GAULLE AIRPORT - - “DAY.
140) 0) text: There is a KNOCK on the door and, surprisingly, Macon looks relieved. He rushes to the door and opens it. Muriel breezes in, goes over to the window.
140) 1) dialog: Your room is bigger than mine is. I have a better view, though. Just think, we're really in Paris! The bus driver said it might rain but I told him I didn't care. Rain or shine, it's Paris. MACON . How did you know what bus to take?
140) 2) dialog: I brought along your guidebook. She pats her pocket.
140) 3) dialog: Want to go for breakfast?
140) 5) dialog: Oh. Okay. She leaves. Macon goes over to the phone on the bureau and picks up the receiver. It is dead.
144) 0) text: Macon comes into the room -- footsore, leg muscles aching -- and collapses on his bed. There is a KNOCK at the door He GROANS and rises to open the door. Muriel stands there with her arms full of clothes.
144) 1) dialog: Look. See what-all I bought. She marches in and dumps clothes on the bed.
144) 3) dialog: Nothing! Or next to nothing. I found a place that's like the granddaddy of all garage sales. If you say something's too expensive, they'll bring the price down till it's cheap enough. (MORE) (CONTINUED)
144) 6) dialog: I saw this leather coat I would have killed for but the man wanted ninety francs.
144) 8) dialog: Oh, really? I thought francs and dollars were about the same.
144) 10) dialog: Well, then these things were super bargains. Now let me take these back to my room so we can go eat.
144) 12) dialog: What harm would it do to eat supper with me, Macon? I'm someone from home you've run into in Paris! Can't we have a bite together?
145) 0) text: Macon and Muriel sit at a table at the Burger King on the Champs-Elysees.
145) 3) dialog: Oh, different people.
145) 6) dialog: Relax. He's fine. Claire has him in the daytime and then Bernice comes in and cooks supper and any time Claire has a date with the General the twins will keep him or if... The CAMERA IS OUT AT the street now looking back at them as Muriel continues. And Macon listens, with a kind of wonder.
146) 0) text: Macon and Muriel must stand close together in the tiny elevator.
146) 1) dialog: Can I come to your room a while? My TV set only gets snow.
146) 3) dialog: Can't I just come in and keep you company? .
146) 5) dialog: ’ We wouldn't have to do anything. The elevator stops at his floor. He steps out, but turns and holds the door.
146) 7) dialog: Why is that? All Muriel's makeup has worn off and she looks young and sad.
148) 0) text: Afternoon. Macon walks wearily back to his own hotel. He sees Muriel up ahead, arms full of parcels. Before he even thinks, he calls out --
148) 2) dialog: Macon, could we eat someplace nice today?
149) 0) text: Macon and Muriel sit at a table near the windows that front a lovely restaurant.
149) 1) dialog: (studying menu) If I ask them what something is in English, do you think they'll be able to tell me?
149) 3) dialog: Order what?
149) 5) dialog: That sounds kind of monotonous. (CONTINUED)
149) 10) dialog: I think I'll just ask the waiter. She lays her menu aside.
149) 11) dialog: Do you suppose they call them French windows in France?
150) 0) text: LATER. A pleasant Waiter and Muriel agree on a dinner for her. The Waiter leaves.
150) 1) dialog: There. Wasn't he nice?
150) 3) dialog: Durn fringe! I keep thinking something's crawling up my leg. Where you going tomorrow, Macon?
150) 5) dialog: You're leaving me here alone?
150) 7) dialog: Take me anyway.
150) 11) dialog: I haven't been sleeping so good. I get bad dreams. Last night I dreamed about Dominick. I dreamed he was mad at me.
150) 15) dialog: I'm scared it means he's mad for real. Off wherever he's at.
150) 19) dialog: You really think that might be true?
150) 21) dialog: Macon, will you do this for me, will you just think about it tonight and decide in the morning? (CONTINUED)
150) 26) dialog: Whether I can go with you tomorrow. _ I won't be any bother, I promise. Just think about it tonight, okay? After a long moment, he agrees.
151) 0) text: It is still dark out as Macon wakes and turns off his alarm. He lies there waking up, then remembers the bus- iness of the day. He seems to be mulling the Muriel issue with some odd good humor. He decides he will let her go with him. And he cannot suppress a smile as he sits up and reaches for the phone. He remembers the phone is out of order, but checks it at his ear for a moment anyway. He rises and pulls at the cord and leans over the bureau to peer down at where it is jacked to the wall. He puts the phone down and moves the heavy bureau a few inches away from the wall. He reacts to a twinge in his back, but shakes it off and stoops down toward the jack. There is a barely-audible little CRACK. And Macon freezes in his stooped position. His back has gone out, but he doesn't want to believe it. And if he doesn't move he won't be sure. After several moments of delay, he slowly straightens. The pain zings into him. He is barely able to make his way back to the bed and lower himself inch by inch onto it.
152) 0) text: LATER. Macon is asleep in exactly the same position. There is a KNOCK at the door. Macon opens his eyes. MURIEL 0O.S. Macon?...Macon, you in there? CLOSE ON Macon's eyes, as he makes a decision. A more rational decision. Informed by the sobering clarity of his current pain. He says nothing and listens and Muriel walks away. He closes his eyes again. 173 174 175 ; 129.
156) 2) dialog: Darn it! Why did he go without me? : (moving away in the hall) Macon, you don't know what's good for you... He strains to listen, but she is gone.
168) 0) text: The taxi lurches to a halt. Muriel looks surprised by its sudden stop. She smiles for a moment at the Driver and her eyes sweep over Macon -- not registering him -- as she turns to begin collecting her bags. Macon watches, suspended in the moment, with a kind of joy. Suddenly, Muriel's mind registers what she has glimpsed in the shadowy back seat. She straightens and turns, very slowly it seems to Macon. And now a much larger smile lights her face. Her gaze locks directly onto his -- and where they meet, there is a blinding, white burst of light.