34) 0) text: We're looking at a large framed portrait on the wall. It is the Leary siblings as children: Macon in the center, his older brothers PORTER and CHARLES on either side, and, perched in the foreground, his sister ROSE. A LITTLE MOVE OF THE CAMERA reveals them now, thirty years older, eating dinner. All four are intently preparing their baked potatoes. They have scooped out the insides and filled the skins with butter. The floury insides are mashed and seasoned separately. Macon's leg is in a cast to his hip. MACON. I don't think anyone else has any idea where I am.
34) 1) dialog: What do you mean?
35) 0) text: The four siblings sit at an ancient card table playing a card game of their own invention called Vaccination. Macon is the only one not totally concentrated on the cards. His gaze moves from brother to sister to brother with the same interest they lavish on their cards. Something about this makes him a little uneasy. The telephone in the living room RINGS. Nobody seems to notice. Rose lays a king on Porter's queen.
35) 1) dialog: Stinker.
35) 3) dialog: You're a real stinker, Rose.
39) 31) dialog: (to Edward) Monster. Do you know how long I've been looking for you? Julian is looking after him with a bemused smile when Macon drops the manuscript gently in his lap. Macon sits back down on the sofa as Julian begins to read. The telephone begins to RING over and over; no one answers. Julian locks at Macon and raises his eyebrows. But since no one else seems to hear the RINGING, Julian goes back to his reading. MOVING IN on Macon as he watches Julian and remembers --
43) 0) text: Rose stands on a stepstool in front of a towering glass- fronted cupboard, accepting the groceries that Charles and Porter hand up to her.
43) 2) dialog: How about these noodles? N for noodles? P for pasta?
43) 9) dialog: You need to get rid of that dog. They look at Edward. He grins up at them nervously.
43) 13) dialog: Takes off your hand at the elbow and he means no harm? You should get rid of him, I tell you.
43) 15) dialog: Why not? .
46) 0) text: The siblings are playing Vaccination. Charles lays down. a good card. Rose and Porter, independently, begin to make the dog-training CLUCKING sound of approval. Macon © looks up. Over in the corner, Edward raises his head,
62) 0) text: MOMENTS LATER, Macon walks up to one of the windows with the small sherry glass in his hand. He seems fine as he looks down upon the city lights, tiny, below. And then i i ° i i and the MUSIC grows and he squints out into the darkness. WHAT MACON SEES. At first just the darkness, with the 71 lights of New Jersey at the bottom of his field of vision. Then, just barely emerging from the gloom, an image of -- Sarah, reading a book in'a chair. She looks up at 72 Macon. Then fades, and is replaced by -- Rose, Charles and Porter playing cards. Rose puts down 73 a card and looks directly up at Macon. 74 75 76 77 78 79 80 81 57. In the restaurant, Macon's free hand flattens against 74 the window, as though to touch Rose. The glass of sherry shakes in his other hand. Macon peers even more intently into the darkness and sees -- Ethan, turned slightly away, laughing. Now he turns’ 75 with a smile to look at Macon, who --
73) 14) dialog: Yes, but you don't know about the other times.
73) 17) dialog: Julian? distressed. He takes a handkerchief from his pocket but then just holds it.
94) 29) text: 115 THE ACCIDENTAL TOURIST - Rev. 3/14/87 84A. EXT. MACON'’S HOUSE - DOORSTEP - DAY” .. - - 115 Porter and Macon stamp their snowy shoes on the doorstep and then come inside. . ~
95) 1) dialog: Oh, my God. All over the room it is raining. A pipe has broken up- stairs. Chunks of plaster have fallen on the furniture, turning it white and splotchy. The rug, when Macon steps on it, SQUELCHES beneath his feet.
95) 2) dialog: Oh, this is terrible, just terrible. Terrible. Terrible.
95) 4) dialog: Leave? Porter goes into the living room and begins wringing out cushions. Macon comes back downstairs with his boots in hand.
95) 6) dialog: Will your insurance cover this?
95) 8) dialog: I must say you're remarkably calm.
96) 1) dialog: I think it's time we had a talk. (CONTINUED)
96) 5) dialog: I'd like to know what you think you're up to with this Muriel person.
96) 7) dialog: She reminds me of -- I'm not sure why -- she reminds me of Alicia. Macon looks sharply at Porter.
96) 9) dialog: When I see Muriel it makes me think of our mother. I don't know what it is. The messiness of it all...
96) 11) dialog: You're not yourself these days, and this Muriel person's just a symptom. Everybody says so.
96) 13) dialog: We're just worried for you, Macon.
96) 15) dialog: I had to tell you what I thought.
96) 19) dialog: Can you tell me one unique thing about her? I mean one really special quality, Macon, not something sloppy like "She appreciates me".
96) 21) dialog: What?
96) 23) dialog: That's not true. That's not true at all. As a matter of fact, I imagine her people are congratulating her on her catch.
96) 25) dialog: Someone to support her. She'd be lucky to find anyone. She lives in that slummy house, she's got that little boy who appears to have hookworm or something --
97) 0) text: Porter takes a wrong turn, realizes it and stops the car in the middle of the street. He looks around the streets, confused. (CONTINUED)
97) 2) dialog: Let's see now, where do I... Macon watches him, silent.
97) 3) dialog: Am I heading in the right direction? Or not. Somehow 1 don't seem to... (CONTINUED )
97) 7) dialog: Macon? Macon waves and ducks down an alley.
160) 0) text: Rose, Porter and Charles sit playing Vaccination. The * fourth seat, Macon's place, is now held down by -- Julian ‘SARAH (VO) * He lives there. He's started * playing Vaccination every night ; after supper. (CONTINUED)