10) 2) dialog: Why would I say that? Everybody knows the Leary men are difficult to live with.
11) 0) text: ROSE LEARY, Macon's sister, is in the kitchen of her house. As she talks to Macon she continues to tinker with the motor of some disassembled appliance which is spread in pieces across the table.
11) 1) dialog: Where is she?
11) 3) dialog: Has she been in touch since she left? (CONTINUED)
11) 8) dialog: What kind of things?
11) 10) dialog: She was checking to see how you're doing. Did you talk at all?
11) 12) dialog: Oh, Macon. You might have asked her in.
11) 14) dialog: (after silence) Well. Anyhow. But I'm ing ale ! getting along!
11) 15) dialog: Yes, of course you are.
34) 0) text: We're looking at a large framed portrait on the wall. It is the Leary siblings as children: Macon in the center, his older brothers PORTER and CHARLES on either side, and, perched in the foreground, his sister ROSE. A LITTLE MOVE OF THE CAMERA reveals them now, thirty years older, eating dinner. All four are intently preparing their baked potatoes. They have scooped out the insides and filled the skins with butter. The floury insides are mashed and seasoned separately. Macon's leg is in a cast to his hip. MACON. I don't think anyone else has any idea where I am.
34) 4) dialog: Do you think you should tell Sarah?
34) 10) dialog: Maybe we could just not answer the phone.
34) 13) dialog: Most who call me are neighbors. They'll pop over in person if they don't get an answer.
35) 0) text: The four siblings sit at an ancient card table playing a card game of their own invention called Vaccination. Macon is the only one not totally concentrated on the cards. His gaze moves from brother to sister to brother with the same interest they lavish on their cards. Something about this makes him a little uneasy. The telephone in the living room RINGS. Nobody seems to notice. Rose lays a king on Porter's queen.
35) 2) dialog: Hypodermic. Rose lays a king on the ace. Charles reacts, WHISTLING -- excited for him, which is not much. Macon smiles.
39) 19) dialog: You're Macon's publisher. I'm the one who mailed you Macon's chapters.
39) 21) dialog: I'm supposed to send you some more, but first.I have to buy nine-by- twelve envelopes. All we've got left is ten-by-thirteen. It's terrible when things don't fit precisely. They get all out of alignment.
39) 24) dialog: Oh! No. She smiles at Julian, hoists her groceries higher, and leaves the room. Charles slogs after her.
43) 0) text: Rose stands on a stepstool in front of a towering glass- fronted cupboard, accepting the groceries that Charles and Porter hand up to her.
43) 3) dialog: E for elbow macaroni. You might have passed those up earlier, Porter. - Macon comes hobbling in. Edward follows shyly.
43) 5) dialog: Oh, Macon!
45) 2) dialog: Maybe we could send him to obedience school. 53 THE ACCIDENTAL TOURIST - Rev. 12/14/87 35. INT. /EXT. ENTRANCE HALL - DAY ° 53 Edward is sitting on the floor. His rump wiggles from his desire to stand up. He is looking up expectantly at-- Muriel Pritchett, who stands above him as Macon, on crutches, watches. Muriel makes a CLUCKING sound with her tongue and holds out her hand.
46) 0) text: The siblings are playing Vaccination. Charles lays down. a good card. Rose and Porter, independently, begin to make the dog-training CLUCKING sound of approval. Macon © looks up. Over in the corner, Edward raises his head,
49) 0) text: Macon, on crutches, leans down to speak to Rose once more before she drives away.
49) 2) dialog: (looking around the area) Yes. I know exactly where we are. (holds up note paper) Besides, I have the address right here! I'll be back in one half hour.
49) 4) dialog: Macon, please. I'm just going around the corner. Now, goodbye. She pulls away. Macon watches with concern, then turns to face the old brick mansion which houses the Business- man's Press. He has a thick manila envelope in hand. 58 41.
52) 0) text: CAMERA IS LOCKED from the previous scene as daylight fades and the porchlight comes on and suddenly Julian, yet another outsider, is at the Leary's screen door and Rose is admitting him. Edward BARKS from behind some nearby door,
52) 2) dialog: (pleased) Hello, Julian. Come in.
52) 5) dialog: No, no.
52) 8) dialog: But we haven't had our coffee. Wouldn't you like some coffee?
53) 0) text: Rose leads the group into the living room.
53) 2) dialog: What kind of place is that?
53) 4) dialog: Oh! What an interesting idea.
53) 6) dialog: Well, of course you do. I'm going - to get you some nice hot coffee. Rose leaves and Julian watches her out of the room. Macon watches him watch, They sit down.
53) 20) text: Never mind. I'11 go help Rose.
54) 0) text: Rose is setting coffee mugs on a silver tray. Edward makes a racket behind the pantry door.
54) 1) dialog: Julian seems very nice.
54) 3) dialog: (she picks up the tray) What would we say? We're the most conventional people I know.
55) 0) text: Macon and Rose return. Julian jumps up and makes to help Rose. (CONTINUED)
55) 8) dialog: Yes, I do. I work at home. I keep house for the boys. Also I take care of a lot of the older neighbors. They need me to repair their plumbing and such.
55) 10) dialog: What do you think? It could be Porter.
55) 13) dialog: Yes, he'd surely call a neighbor instead.
62) 0) text: MOMENTS LATER, Macon walks up to one of the windows with the small sherry glass in his hand. He seems fine as he looks down upon the city lights, tiny, below. And then i i ° i i and the MUSIC grows and he squints out into the darkness. WHAT MACON SEES. At first just the darkness, with the 71 lights of New Jersey at the bottom of his field of vision. Then, just barely emerging from the gloom, an image of -- Sarah, reading a book in'a chair. She looks up at 72 Macon. Then fades, and is replaced by -- Rose, Charles and Porter playing cards. Rose puts down 73 a card and looks directly up at Macon. 74 75 76 77 78 79 80 81 57. In the restaurant, Macon's free hand flattens against 74 the window, as though to touch Rose. The glass of sherry shakes in his other hand. Macon peers even more intently into the darkness and sees -- Ethan, turned slightly away, laughing. Now he turns’ 75 with a smile to look at Macon, who --
72) 0) text: Macon comes in. Rose is cheerily serving Charles pancakes.
72) 2) dialog: I told you: slow heat. Jam, Charles, or syrup? See, I read an article about slow-cooked beef and I thought, well, if it works with beef it must work with turkey, too. But at the end I'm going to raise the temperature.
72) 5) dialog: Well, you're both just plain wrong. Who's the cook here anyhow? 87 66.
73) 0) text: Thanksgiving dinner. The table is laden with attractive side dishes. In addition to the Leary brothers, there are two guests -- Julian and MRS. BARRETT, one of their elderly neighbors. They look expectantly toward the kitchen door. Rose enters holding the turkey high on a platter as if in triumph. Odd since the bird looks bad, its breast caved in, its skin dry and dull.
73) 8) dialog: It was not! It's perfectly good.
73) 12) dialog: Oh, Macon, how could you do this? My lovely turkey! All that work!
73) 16) dialog: You don't fool me for an instant. I know why you're doing this. You want to make me look bad in front of Julian.
73) 18) dialog: You want to drive him off! You three wasted your chances and now you want me to waste mine, but I won't do it. I can see what's what! Love is what it's all about. And you want to make me miss it!
73) 20) dialog: You just don't want me to stop cooking for you and taking care of this house. You don't want Julian to fall in love with me.
75) 0) text: Rose is knitting Julian a sweater. Macon, a book in his lap, watches her needles flashing.
75) 3) dialog: Two years.
75) 7) dialog: He's tired of all that. Don't try to spoil this, Macon.
75) 9) dialog: He ate my turkey and did not get sick. Two big helpings. Macon looks pained. He has no answer to that.
101) 0) text: Macon, Muriel and Alexander are on their way to Rose and Julian's wedding. Muriel seems to be the most anxious.
104) 0) text: The backyard is full of pastels -- Rose's elderly Neighbor Ladies in pale dresses, daffodils set everywhere in buckets. Julian, in black, comes up and puts a gold ring in Macon's palm.
104) 28) dialog: We're ready now. Sarah's my matron of honor, did I happen to mention that?
120) 0) text: A bright morning. Sarah watches Rose prune a hedge. Nearby, Macon kneels next to a large sack of fertilizer copying the name and information into a little note pad. He listens closely to the conversation.
120) 2) dialog: Oh, Sarah, you wouldn't believe what a state I found the boys in when I came back here. They were living in their pajamas so as not to have too much laundry. They were eating gorp for their suppers.
120) 4) dialog: It's a mixture of wheat germ and nuts and dried --
120) 6) dialog: Oh, you know, I kept losing that apartment every time I turned around, I'd head one block east to the grocery store and then turn west to get back again and I'd always be wrong, always. The apartment building would have worked over to the north somehow, I don't know how. Sarah looks intently into Rose's face. Rose averts her eyes and continues to prune. 140 141 142 108.
155) 0) text: Rose is on the phone at Julian's desk, which has been straightened up and cleared to an extreme degree.
155) 1) dialog: Businessman's Press.
155) 3) dialog: Oh, Macon.
155) 5) dialog: Yes, it's me.
155) 7) dialog: I work here now. .I'm putting things in order. You wouldn't believe the state this place is in.
155) 10) dialog: Oh, no, of all times! Are you still in Paris? :
155) 12) dialog: I'll take care of everything. Don't you bother with a thing. Have you seen a doctor?
155) 14) dialog: Well, rest then, Macon.
160) 0) text: Rose, Porter and Charles sit playing Vaccination. The * fourth seat, Macon's place, is now held down by -- Julian ‘SARAH (VO) * He lives there. He's started * playing Vaccination every night ; after supper. (CONTINUED)