16) 1) text: - a view of door. Set into a concrete wall, in an otherwi featureless and windowless room. Silence, except the sound of breathing. REVEAL LENA. She is sat on a chair, on one side of a table. She wears same clothes we last saw her in. But time has passed. Several hours at least. The blood of her husband is now dried black, stiffened on the material of her short and trousers, rusted and flaking on her hands. She is trembling. Beats pass. Then the door UNLOCKS, startling LENA. REVEALING a woman in her late-forties. This is DR VENTRESS. Glasses. Suit. Smiling. She's holding a small plastic bottle of mineral water.
16) 2) dialog: Hello. DR VENTRESS enters the room and closes the door - which l behind her. DR VENTRESS (CONT’D) You probably feel dreadful. Queasy. A nasty metal taste in the mouth. Headache. LENA looks at her. DR VENTRESS (CONT’D) Would you like some water? The doctor holds out the plastic bottle. 16. LENA hesitates. Then with slightly uncertain fingers, takes it. Opens it. Has a sip. DR VENTRESS (CONT’D) That’s better, isn’t it? LENA returns the woman’s gaze.
16) 4) dialog: I’m a psychologist.
16) 6) dialog: That I study people’s emotional states.
16) 8) dialog: Because I’m in charge of the facility you're in.
16) 10) dialog: No.
16) 12) dialog: You're a biologist.
16) 14) dialog: You completed a doctorate at Johns Hopkins. (MORE )
16) 16) dialog: Your research area is the genetically programmed life-cycle of the cell. Is it fascinating? LENA leans forwards. Enunciates.
16) 18) dialog: Yes. Let’s talk about him. Sergeant Kane. When did he arrive home?
16) 21) dialog: Had he contacted you at any point over the last few months?
16) 23) dialog: He didn’t tell you what he was doing. Or where he was going.
16) 25) dialog: But you made regular requests for information about him to his unit co, until six months ago. Then you stopped. Why was that?
16) 27) dialog: It’s not easy to move on. Silence. 18.
16) 30) dialog: I’m not CIA, but I used to be. And your husband is in the same building as you. And I should tell you, he’s extremely ill. LENA catches her breath. But stays composed. Beat.
16) 32) dialog: We don’t actually know. He doesn’t test positive for any known condition - but, objectively, his body is hemorrhaging and his organs are failing.
16) 34) dialog: Yes. DR VENTRESS (CONT’D) We have him on life-support in an induced cold-coma. His metabolism is slowed nearly to a stop. It gives... a degree of time. 19.
16) 38) dialog: I can’t talk about that. You understand.
16) 40) dialog: You understand that I’m not going to talk about it. The doctor stands. The door unbolts in anticipation of her exit. As it swings open, it reveals a SPEC OPS SOLDIER standing guard in the corridor outside. DR VENTRESS (CONT’D) I‘1l be back later.
16) 42) dialog: We'll speak again. LENA stands.
23) 1) text: - inside the elevator, where DR VENTRESS is arguing with SPEC OPS CAPTAIN.
23) 2) dialog: While the facility remains under my command, the way I structure the team is my business, Captain. They exit the elevator, into the lobby -
24) 3) dialog: So take it up with Washington. By the time you’ve found anyone with the authority to stop me, we'll be gone. As they walk away, LENA slips inside the elevator, just a the doors start closing. 23.
27) 4) text: REVEAL behind LENA, an arc of three SPEC OPS SOLDIERS, al pointing their guns at the back of her head. But before the moment can unravel, DR VENTRESS appears, pushing past the soldiers, brushing down their gun barrel if warding away a wasp.
27) 5) dialog: Is there really any need for that?
27) 7) dialog: (cuts in) Shut up and step away. Give us space. The soldiers do as ordered. Throughout, LENA hasn't turned from the fauvist view. The doctor steps beside her. DR VENTRESS (CONT’D) It’s obvious what your husband saw in you. Impressive: to have escaped. To this point at least. LENA talks as if through a dream.
27) 9) dialog: Northern Florida. Thirty miles from the coast. It was the Blackwater State Park, but we now call it the Southern Reach.
27) 11) dialog: Well, quite. That is the question.
28) 0) text: The COMMAND CENTER of the Southern Reach Facility. A large room, with one wall given over to a floor-to ceil window, which faces the landscape and the Shimmer. 28. In the middle of the room is a large digital map. It show the coast of Northern Florida, the boundary wall of the Southern reach facility, and - in illuminated blue - the border of the Shimmer. On the adjacent wall there is a collection of images. Some show a tall white LIGHTHOUSE - with archive architectural plans of the building. The rest are a seque of TEAM PHOTOS. Small groups of men and women with backpa and hiking gear. Some with weapons and uniforms. LENA walks to the digital map table. DR VENTRESS, standing by the window, starts to talk.
28) 1) dialog: It started when a park guide reported an event to the local police. A lighthouse on the coast was surrounded by what he called a ‘shimmer’. A friend of his had entered to find out what was going on - and never returned. Beat. DR VENTRESS (CONT’D) That was thirteen years ago. We evacuated the area and concocted a cover story - an accident on a cargo ship, carrying nuclear waste. Then we set up a covert body to investigate the phenomena. And three hundred billion dollars later, we know nothing more than was contained in that first brief police report. Behind the doctor, the landscape undulates and refracts. DR VENTRESS (CONT’D) Something goes in, and it doesn’t come back. And I’m not just talking about people. Drones, robots, animals, birds, radio waves, radar, particle streams. It’s a black hole. Nothing gets out. Beat.
28) 3) dialog: We have many. An extra terrestrial event; a multi-dimensional event; (MORE )
28) 5) dialog: a religious event. The ideas are endless. What we lack are facts. DR VENTRESS has joined LENA at the map. She indicates the border of the shimmer. Concentric circles - like tree rin dated by year. DR VENTRESS (CONT’D) Area ‘X’. The only thing we can say for certain is that it’s getting bigger. Initially, it enclosed the lighthouse and an area of about fifty square metres. It now covers an area the size of Chicago. LENA looks the dated bands. Sees the expanding gap betwee the most recent circles.
28) 7) dialog: Exponentially. In five years, the Shimmer will encompass the Southern United States and most of Mexico.
28) 9) dialog: The planet. LENA looks back at DR VENTRESS.
28) 11) dialog: Does it matter? DR VENTRESS traces her finger over the glowing blue Shimm bands on the map. DR VENTRESS (CONT’D) It makes me think of cancer. The invasion. The spread. If the cancer is terminal, is it better to know?
28) 13) dialog: Yes, but is it better to know. LENA walks to the TEAM PHOTOS. 30. Starts scanning the faces. DR VENTRESS watches. Then indicates with her hand. DR VENTRESS (CONT’D) He’s over there. LENA sees KANE. In a group of spec ops soldiers. Similar to the images at home - her husband is smiling, looking straight at the camera, an Armalite rifle held loosely in his hands. DR VENTRESS (CONT’D) Twenty three expeditions. A hundred and thirteen men and women. And only he came back. Beat.
29) 0) text: KANE lies on a bed. Surrounded by the tubes, lines, and t machinery of life support. His skin is almost the colour of ivory. His heartbeat monitor shows four beats per minute. LENA stands beside him. She exhales, and steam wreathes h DR VENTRESS watches from behind an observation window. Th edges of the glass are frosted with ice crystals. LENA reaches for KANE’S hand. Holds it. A tear slips out of her eye. And freezes on her cheek.
30) 0) text: LENA joins the DR VENTRESS on her side of the observation window.
30) 2) dialog: If he could stay here, maybe months. But I’m afraid there’s a complication. The Shimmer will soon extend to where we’re standing right now. The facility is preparing to relocate -
30) 4) dialog: «+. No. DR VENTRESS (CONT’D) I don’t think either of us will, as it happens.
30) 6) dialog: Southern Reach has failed in its objectives, and I’m about to be relieved of command. Before that happens, I’ve authorised a final mission into Area X. And this time, I’m going to lead it. DR VENTRESS pauses. DR VENTRESS (CONT’D) I’m like you, Lena. The cancer may be terminal, but I need to know. I need to see what happened in the lighthouse with my own eyes. LENA processes. Then speaks.
30) 8) dialog: Tomorrow morning.
30) 10) dialog: Four. LENA looks evenly at the doctor. Beat. Beat. 32.
30) 12) dialog: Lena —
30) 14) dialog: And you'll go in there and find a cure? I think the chances are slim.
30) 16) dialog: (echoes ) You owe it.
30) 18) dialog: Well, in any case, it’s not simply a question of your motivation. There are processes to observe. Evaluations, and -—
30) 20) dialog: «++ Good point. DR VENTRESS (CONT’D) I have to admit, a biologist would be an ideal addition to the expedition’s skill-set. And the team is short-handed. (MORE )
30) 21) text: DR VENTRESS (CONT’D) Given the track record, it hasn't been easy to find volunteers... LENA waits, letting the doctor talk herself round. DR VENTRESS (CONT’D) If you were to join us, I don’t think it would be wise to explain your connection to the previous mission. It might not be... helpful. To the group dynamic. LENA turns to the glass. Looks back at the near motionless body of her husband.
31) 1) text: - a FIRING RANGE, in which a woman is firing an automatic rifle, straight at us. Her name is ANYA THORENSEN. She’s a handsome woman in her mid-thirties. Close-cropped hair, wearing a white vest th shows muscled arms. Obviously lifts weights. She has a very distinctive TATTOO encircling her forearm, depicting an ouroboros - a snake eating its tail. cuT TO - - a TARGET, with BULLET HOLES appearing. Loosely grouped, but finding their mark. cur TO - - the woman firing in the next alley. This is CASS SHEPPARD. She’s in her mid-forties. Glasses, pony-tail efficiently tied back. Could be a mother at sch gates, if not for the automatic rifle. cur TO - - a similar spread of BULLET HOLES appearing on a target. cur TO - - the next alley, where we find JOSIE RADEK. RADEK is in her mid-twenties, but feels younger. She has sheltered quality that people have when they’ve passed straight from school to college to doctorate. 34. She's having trouble with her weapon. She looks frightene by the recoil, leaning her face away from the stock, and convulsively screwing her eyes as the gun starts firing. cur TO - - a near random spray of rounds that hit in various place but not the target. cur TO - - LENA. Stepping up to the fourth alley in the firing range. Lifting a rifle. Squeezing the trigger. She keeps the gun steady, fires in neat three round burst and the stock pushed tight up against her cheek bone. cuT TO - - a neat grouping of rounds, appearing in the middle of t target. cur TO - - DR VENTRESS. Observing. She shifts her gaze to THORENSEN, SHEPPARD, and RADEK - - who are clearly surprised to find this new person in th fourth firing alley. LENA empties the last rounds in her clip. The final volley of gunshots leave a ringing echo in the concrete chamber. Broken by DR VENTRESS.
31) 2) dialog: Team. The women remove their ear defenders. DR VENTRESS (CONT’D) I'd like to introduce Lena Kerans, a biologist we have sequestered from Johns Hopkins, to join us on the mission to the lighthouse. Ms Kerans, meet Anya Thorensen, a medic. Cass Sheppard, a geologist. And Josie Radek, a physicist. Beat. Then LENA lifts a hand. 35.
36) 1) text: - to the dazzling low morning sun. Then the concrete flank of the Southern Reach building, a the MASSIVE METAL GATES of the facility unlock. And swing open. Revealing the five women of the team. Each carrying their backpacks, and automatic rifles. Ahead of them is the dusty scrubland of the deforested ar A few beats. Then DR VENTRESS starts walking. Behind, the gates swing shut. 40.
37) 0) text: The team walk in single file. DR VENTRESS leads. Then THORENSEN, then SHEPPARD, then RADEK, then LENA. They walk right past the BODY that THORENSEN pointed out. As they pass it, LENA pauses. Sees the skull. The way patches of hair and dried skin st cling to the underside of the skull, where it has been shielded from the wind and sun. Sees the missing section of bone above the left eye socke blown out by a bullet. Sees the curve of ribs, visible where the material of the uniform has started to disintegrate. Ahead, DR VENTRESS has reached the treeline. DR VENTRESS stops before entering the forest. Then turns, look back at LENA. They lock eyes through the shimmering air. CcuT TO BLACK.
41) 1) text: LENA unzips the front flap of her tent and climbs out - - to discover a campsite. Five small tents, circled aroun burned out fire. The campsite is positioned in a grassy clearing, deep ins a forest. The surrounding trees are Oak and Cyprus. Looking up, the sun and clouds are seen through the famil mirage-like distortion - as if the Shimmer is like a dome structure, which we are now inside. Just in front of LENA, THORENSEN and SHEPPARD sit surroun by packets of food. A little distance away, RADEK is looking at a piece of electronic equipment. DR VENTRESS is nowhere to be seen. LENA looks stunned.
41) 22) dialog: Very impressive. LENA looks around. DR VENTRESS is right behind her. She shows no sense of concern about the situation. She se almost serene. DR VENTRESS (CONT’D) And honestly, Radek - we weren’t really expecting the equipment to work, were we? After thirteen years of expeditions, and thirteen years of radio silence. She gestures at the tents. DR VENTRESS (CONT’D) Let’s pack up and get moving. It’s already gone ten o’clock. We don’t want to lose any more of the day.
43) 6) dialog: Why?
43) 11) dialog: You mean it’s a pathology?
43) 13) dialog: Amazing pattern. Like a Rorschach test. LENA offers it to her.
43) 21) dialog: Lena! Stop! LENA doesn’t listen. Runs into the swamp up to her knees, gun raised, sweeping black mirrored surface.
44) 8) dialog: Could it be a cross-breed?
46) 0) text: - the flat-bottomed boats gliding over black water. Swampland floating by. Serene. The first boat holds DR VENTRESS, RADEK and THORENSEN, wi THORENSEN paddling. The second boat holds SHEPPARD and LENA. While SHEPPARD paddles, LENA is preoccupied by a mark on forearm. It looks like a faint bruise. LENA pushes at it with her thumb. Vaguely puzzled about where she picked it up.
48) 0) text: The five women walk into the collection of buildings. 58. They have a distinctively military feel. Prefab huts, bre block walls, chain-link fences, guard huts by the gate. Nature has been busy reclaiming the area. Tall grasses pu through cracks in the tarmac. The concrete is stained wit rain and dark algae. And as with the trees in the swamp, brightly-coloured mos bloom on the buildings. DR VENTRESS notices LENA’S gaze going to them.
48) 1) dialog: More mutations.
48) 3) dialog: They look malignant, don’t you think? Like tumours. LENA doesn’t answer. DR VENTRESS addresses the group. DR VENTRESS (CONT’D) At least now we know where we are. This was the previous Southern Reach headquarters, before the Shimmer swallowed it. SHEPPARD pulls her map out. Scans.
48) 7) dialog: Agreed. She points to a low building up ahead. DR VENTRESS (CONT’D) That used to be the barracks. We'll billet in there. 59.
49) 7) dialog: Certainly could be. No reason to assume they weren’t able to reach as far as us.
52) 2) text: Freezing at the sight of her husband. She shoots a glance at DR VENTRESS. DR VENTRESS doesn’t look back.
54) 4) dialog: Freeze it there. RADEK hits pause. REVEAL the image on the screen. The picture is blurred, smeared by the fast left-right pa the CAMERAMAN. But it seems to depict a SHIRTLESS MAN, running at the lens, no more than five or six metres away burned-out by a blasting strobe of MUZZLE FLASH. There’s something strange about the MAN’S form. His neck is twisted, pushing his head sideways into an unnatural position. It feels wrong. Broken. Where his jaw should be, there is a cavity, as if his mou has swallowed the lower part of his face. It’s unclear - his jaw may have been shot off. His neck m actually be broken. But his arms also have a strange broken quality. It’s subtle, but the break point of the elbow is slightly high than it should be. The upper arm too short, the forearm t long. The deformation is oddly animal-like. And again, as with the neck and jaw, ambiguous. Are we seeing what is there, or a distortion caused by the light and the smeared freeze-frame. BURNED OVER THIS IMAGE is a bright red streak. It is the DOT LASER SIGHT of KANE’S gun, carved across the frame li the tail-light of a car burned onto a retina. The aim is about to settle on the MAN’S torso. SILENCE, as the five women absorb what they are seeing. Broken by THORENSEN.
54) 8) dialog: Press play again. 64. cuT TO -
56) 3) dialog: Radek, be quiet.
58) 3) dialog: Yes.
58) 5) dialog: His name was Mayer. Beat. Then THORENSEN starts walking. 67. In the same direction we saw SHELLEY walk. Down the lengt of the BARRACKS, to the showers. After a few moments, the others go after her - - except LENA. Halfway down the barracks, DR VENTRESS stops. Looks back at LENA. A beat between them. Then LENA follows.
59) 1) text: LENA enters. To find RADEK, SHEPPARD, THORENSEN and DR VENTRESS. In front of them is MAYER’S body. Still cuffed to the cha Desiccated, skeletal. His ribs have been broken open at the sternum, and are splayed open like a book. Like inverted wings. And his skull is sitting on the ground. Laid in front of feet. Silence.
59) 4) dialog: I don’t think we have a choice. It’s late in the day for us to move on.
62) 1) text: LENA exits the REC ROOM hut. The hut is on the edge of the abandoned facility. The starlight doesn’t illuminate much, but we can just about out the chain-link perimeter fence, and beyond it, the bl shape of the forest. DR VENTRESS is sitting at a picnic table, just outside th door, studying a map by torchlight.
62) 2) dialog: What are you doing up, Kerans? You’re not due to relieve me until three AM.
62) 4) dialog: In that case, you might as well take a look at this. DR VENTRESS taps way-point positions on the map. DR VENTRESS (CONT’D) Here’s us. Here’s where I think we camped last night. And here’s the lighthouse. Judging by the distance we covered today, we won't reach it tomorrow. But look, South West from here - DR VENTRESS indicates a new position. DR VENTRESS (CONT’D) - Ville Perdu. A tiny community, evacuated ten years ago. I think we should aim there for tomorrow night. Then pick up the road to the coast. LENA says nothing. DR VENTRESS notices the non-response. She looks up at LENA from the map and the torchlight. A beat between them. 72. Then LENA speaks.
62) 6) dialog: Yes. They were.
62) 8) dialog: ... No one was ordered to go. LENA meets the doctor’s gaze.
62) 10) dialog: Why would I have an answer to that question?
62) 12) dialog: So you're asking me as a psychologist?
62) 14) dialog: Then, as a psychologist, I think you're confusing suicide with self- destruction, and they’re very different. Almost none of us commit suicide, whereas almost all of us self-destruct. Somehow. In some part of our lives. We drink, or take drugs, or destabilise the happy job - DR VENTRESS (CONT’D) - or happy marriage. LENA reacts. Uncertain whether this was targeted at her. 73. DR VENTRESS continues. DR VENTRESS (CONT’D) But these aren’t decisions. They're impulses. And in fact, as a biologist, you’re better placed to explain them than me.
62) 16) dialog: Isn't the self-destruction coded into us? Imprinted into each cell. Silence. DR VENTRESS shrugs.
62) 17) dialog: So. The word hangs. And LENA is spared having to find a reply - - by a strange noise, from somewhere in the darkness. A POPPING. A TEARING. Not organic. Metallic. Surprisingly loud. The heads of the women flick round to the source of the noise.
62) 19) dialog: I don’t know. LENA unslings her rifles and raises it, switching on the night-vision scope. cur TO - - the green-white view. Scanning the tree line, through the fence. DR VENTRESS (CONT’D) You see anything?
62) 24) dialog: What do you mean: through the fence? LENA dips the gun.
64) 0) text: RADEK is sat on the ground. Shaking uncontrollably. DR VENTRESS sits on a chair, on the far side of the room, observing RADEK with a neutral expression. LENA and THORENSEN are standing.
64) 3) dialog: Right in what sense? 77.
64) 5) dialog: We haven't reached the lighthouse. We still don’t understand the cause or nature of the Shimmer.
64) 7) dialog: - all of which make the phenomenon less explicable, not more.
64) 9) dialog: Mission parameters? DR VENTRESS stands. DR VENTRESS (CONT’D) I’m not sure I have any mission parameters. THORENSEN shoots a glance at LENA.
64) 11) dialog: I plan to get to the lighthouse. But I’m not going to pretend it’s for a mission. It’s because I want to know what’s inside. DR VENTRESS walks to the door. DR VENTRESS (CONT’D) I'll do it alone, if need be. You simply decide whether you’re coming with me, or not. DR VENTRESS exits. Leaving LENA, THORENSEN and RADEK alone. 78. Silence.
65) 1) text: LENA exits the hut. Wearing her backpack. Carrying her gu DR VENTRESS stands in the spot where SHEPPARD was attacke gazing towards the broken fence. LENA approaches.
65) 3) dialog: I knew you would be. But I’m glad about the others. Better we stick together. DR VENTRESS shoulders her backpack. DR VENTRESS (CONT’D) Incidentally, Lena, I just wanted to say: on top of whatever else is going here, you shouldn’t worry.
65) 5) dialog: Your secret. It’s safe with me. LENA pauses.
65) 8) dialog: By all means. If that way of seeing it is helpful to you. THORENSEN and RADEK appear at the door to the REC ROOM HU DR VENTRESS (CONT’D) (calls) Are we good to go? THORENSEN makes no reply.
66) 0) text: The four-person team walk in single file. DR VENTRESS on point. Then RADEK. Then THORENSEN. Then LENA. As they walk, LENA becomes aware that THORENSEN is talkin herself. Low muttering. Unintelligible. It sounds like some kind o internal private argument, unwittingly externalised. LENA watches.
66) 6) dialog: Very likely.
66) 8) dialog: I think it’s unlikely.
66) 10) dialog: I’m not risking the entire mission.
70) 0) text: - LENA, returning to where DR VENTRESS, THORENSEN and RAD are waiting.
73) 1) dialog: This is where we camp tonight. The ocean is another two hours hike from here. We pick a house. Secure the windows and doors. And we don’t venture out until sun-up. 85.
75) 2) dialog: Impossible. The area has been empty for years.
75) 15) dialog: Hox? What are you talking about?
79) 0) text: - LENA leaning over her microscope. cur TO - - extreme CLOSE UP on blood cells. The biconcave shape ar clearly visible. The MAGNIFICATION increases. We see inside the translucen cell structure... ... Where something is shimmering. cur TO - - LENA, leaning away from the microscope. Blank-faced. Then she stands, walks past the apparently sleeping figur of RADEK, THORENSEN and DR VENTRESS.
85) 1) text: - LENA opening her eyes. Sees THORENSEN and RADEK. 95. DR VENTRESS is nowhere to be seen. RADEK looks terrified. And THORENSEN is leaning over LENA. Eyes wide, lips curle back over teeth. Holding her automatic rifle. Pointed at LENA’S head. LENA startles - waking fast. Sitting upright.
86) 1) text: - the view-finder POV of a CAMERA, as it POWERS UP. The camera is being handheld by RADEK, and is filming LEN and DR VENTRESS - - who are both tied to kitchen chairs. Wrists bound behin their backs. Ankles tied to the chair legs. Blood has run down LENA’S face from a cut inside her hair line. DR VENTRESS is bruised under the eye. THORENSEN stands in front of them, holding her gun.
86) 2) dialog: Thorensen -— 96. THORENSEN’S gun swings immediately to DR VENTRESS.
86) 6) dialog: You're wrong. But you’re also not interested hearing in the truth. DR VENTRESS looks at THORENSEN. Hard. Unfazed. DR VENTRESS (CONT’D) Or not able.
86) 8) dialog: Isn't it obvious? DR VENTRESS looks to the VIDEO CAMERA - to RADEK. 97. DR VENTRESS (CONT’D) Tell me, Radek. If the Shimmer is refracting us physically, couldn't it refract us psychologically too? Our perception? Our minds?
86) 10) dialog: Does Thorensen’s behaviour seem rational to you at this moment? Does it seem sane?
86) 12) dialog: You really can’t see that what’s happening in this room is exactly what happened on the previous missions?
86) 22) dialog: Kerans?
86) 32) dialog: Thorensen, no! LENA struggles against her bindings.
86) 37) dialog: No!
90) 0) text: A long hook of beach, where the swamp gives way to the se Massively empty. Miles of undulating dunes, and the great flat ocean. Along the beach, strange shapes rise. Visually similar to the tumour-like growths on the plants buildings... ... but these are made of sand. Like massive termite moun as much as thirty foot high, morphed into spires and oddl organic abstractions. Only one other landmark can be seen. A couple of miles distant, seen through a blue haze of ai and sea spray. The LIGHTHOUSE. Slender, tall. And white - where one can still see of the original construction, behind the brightly coloured moss. Leading that direction, a snaking line of footprints are clearly visible in the damp sand. The trail left by DR VENTRESS. cur TO - LENA. Standing on the pale sands. Wind pulls at her hair. She looks down at her arm... ..+. where the BRUISE has now resolved into something immediately recognisable. The dark circle and blurred indication of patterns have become a TATTOO. 105. Exactly the same distinctive image that THORENSEN wore. The ouroboros. She touches it with her thumb, as half-expecting it might wipe away. And when she pulls her thumb away - - something moves in her flesh. Not just a flex. Much more fundamental. A bone, shifting and contracting. Or a muscle, worming its way to a new position. LENA closes her eyes.
108) 1) text: The chamber is roughly semi-spherical. Three quarters of sphere, with the bottom levelled out into a floor. The sculpted forms of humans and animals continue across floor, but as they rise up the walls they taper into curv points. Either side of these points, the walls are glassy smooth. The arrangement is similar to petals, as if we are on the inside of flower before it has unfurled. The interior of vast lotus bulb. The very center of the chamber is particularly bright - because it is to here that the phosphorescent veins and channels all lead. And standing on this brightest point - - is DR VENTRESS. The doctor is internally lit. Cilia cover her skin like undulating fur. She shimmers gently. LENA hesitates in the entrance. She looks around. Up at the petal structure. Down at the energy feed beneath DR VENTRESS. Then back to the glowing figure of the doctor. LENA takes a step inside the chamber.
108) 4) dialog: I had to know what it was. What was waiting. I had to know. Beat. DR VENTRESS (CONT’D) And now it’s inside me. I can feel it.
108) 6) dialog: Yes.
108) 8) dialog: Something old. The very oldest thing. From so far away. From stars. Of stars.
108) 10) dialog: Yes. Alien. DR VENTRESS looks down at her glowing hands. DR VENTRESS (CONT’D) It’s not like me. It’s not like me at all. I don’t know what it wants. I don’t know what it wants from me. The cilia on her palms move like wind over a wheat field. DR VENTRESS (CONT’D) I think it doesn’t want anything. It doesn’t care. It doesn’t feel anything. 117. As she talks, something disturbing begins to happen to DR VENTRESS. Splits, complex fissures, start rippling across her skin. if her form is becoming unbalanced. She can feel it. The panic is rising in her voice. DR VENTRESS (CONT’D) It’s more than death. Nothing of what we are will remain. It’s going to annihilate us. That’s what it is. That’s what’s waiting. It’s annihilation. DR VENTRESS looks back at LENA desperately. Panic now surging. DR VENTRESS (CONT’D) Annihilation. Then DR VENTRESS can’t speak any more. She has started undergoing an extraordinary physical transformation. It is a shape-shift of a kind that our mind cannot entire make sense of - like a computer animation of a four dimensional shape casting a three dimensional shadow. A vector cube that unfolds and refolds from within itself, interior indefinably becoming its exterior. IN THIS CASE - it is the doctor’s skin that is unfolding refolding. Her face splits open like a starfish. From out of the starfish, multiple circles of radiating objects emerge. Gold orbs, each with unique radiating Mandelbrot-like ferns. The rainbow ferns radiate ever-increasing size and complexity. The concentric circles are endless. The sense of expansion becomes vast. Until the mesh of immense structural detail becomes - - the mesh of undulating CILIA on skin. But DR VENTRESS is gone. Where she stood, there is a shape. The ALIEN. 118. A BEING. An uncoalescing, fracturing form. Made of light, and ice, liquid. Endless refractions. Glimpsed within these deliquescing shapes, a creature fro the world of electron microscope images. Surrounded by radiating impressions of infinitely smaller versions of itself. LENA and the BEING gaze at each other for a few hypnotic seconds. Then the BEING starts UNFOLDING again. Expanding, collaps in on itself. And this time, during the TRANSFORMATION - - we see fleeting glimpses of other bodies and faces. SHEPPARD and THORENSEN. PEYTON and MAYER. Unknown team members from the previous expeditions. For a moment it is RADEK who stands in front of LENA. Then DR VENTRESS again. Then the RADIATING SHAPES have filled the chamber. They surround LENA. Then LENA herself is starting to unfold. Unravel like fabric.