5) 0) text: A quiet house. Stillness in the rooms. Photographs in the BEDROOM show a couple. LENA, with a ma in his early thirties. KANE. KANE is a soldier. Images show him in uniform, with comrades, in a baked landscape of rock and dust. He smiles easily at the camera. Full of life in these fro snapshots. One of the images shows a wedding. LENA in white. The couple embracing. Another shows the couple in Verona. Perhaps the honeymoon
6) 1) text: LENA sits on the sofa. Legs curled beneath her. In one hand, she holds her SILVER LOCKET. It’s open. Inside is a PHOTO of KANE. She gazes at it. We can feel LENA’S effort to modulate her breathing. Inhaling and exhaling through parted lips. Less controlled, tears spill down her face. Down her chee and neck. Into the corner of her mouth.
8) 0) text: - the speakers from which the MUSIC is playing. - the framed photographs of LENA and KANE, which are now the walls, and stacked on the landing. - a PLASTIC SHEET as it rises up, billows, then settles o the DOUBLE BED. - a flathead screwdriver pushes under the rim of a tub of paint and pops the lid. LENA runs a primed roller over the wall. Leaving a fat wh stripe over the old colour. Flecking her shirt and face w paint. Smearing it off her forehead with the back of her hand. Repainting the room is an act of moving on. She is energised. Focused. So focused - - that she doesn’t see the figure that appears in the doo of the bedroom. KANE. He seems different to the photos. In uniform, but bloodle in his complexion. Older in his gaze. He watches LENA painting. Oddly blank. Not announcing his presence - - until she turns, needing to reload the roller - - and sees him. First, she jolts at the sight of the figure. Second, she recognises him.
8) 1) text: (whispers ) Oh God. The roller slips from her hand. Lands with a wet slap on the floor. She walks towards KANE. Puts a hand on his cheek, in the way she might touch a cl window to see if it holds a pane of glass. Then she grabs his face with both palms. Kissing him as s talks.
9) 0) text: KANE sits at the table. In front of him is a glass of water. He stares at the clear liquid, but doesn’t drink it. LENA stands by the counter. 10. Confusion has transformed now into frustration and anger.
9) 4) dialog: ... Maybe.
9) 6) dialog: Okay, yes. Covert. I think so.
9) 8) dialog: No.
9) 10) dialog: I can’t tell you.
9) 12) dialog: I mean: I can’t tell you. I don’t know where it was. Or... He trails off. LENA frowns.
9) 17) dialog: I don’t know.
9) 19) dialog: I don’t know.
9) 21) dialog: I don’t know. Silence. As LENA suddenly understands: her husband is profoundly damaged. His body has returned to her, but not his mind. She takes a seat opposite him at the table. Then takes his hand. He doesn’t resist.
9) 24) dialog: 
9) 26) dialog: I was outside. 12.
9) 28) dialog: No. Outside the bedroom. Just upstairs, on the landing. The door was open, and... I saw you. Beat.
9) 29) dialog: I remembered you. I remembered your face. Silence. Then KANE detaches his hand from LENA’S. He reaches for the glass of water. Takes a single sip. Then puts the glass back down. REVEAL — - in the water, a strand of blood hangs. Suspended. It can only be from inside KANE’S mouth. KANE looks up at LENA.
9) 30) dialog: I don’t think I’m very well. cuT TO -
10) 0) text: - the interior of an AMBULANCE, driving fast through the night streets. SIREN howling. KANE - strapped to a stretcher in the back, rolled-back e half-raised - vomits blood. A PARAMEDIC tries to support him with one arm while speak urgently into a radio.
14) 0) text: - which slams LENA and the PARAMEDIC hard against the wal the vehicle. The semi-conscious KANE is held fast by the stretcher str
29) 0) text: KANE lies on a bed. Surrounded by the tubes, lines, and t machinery of life support. His skin is almost the colour of ivory. His heartbeat monitor shows four beats per minute. LENA stands beside him. She exhales, and steam wreathes h DR VENTRESS watches from behind an observation window. Th edges of the glass are frosted with ice crystals. LENA reaches for KANE’S hand. Holds it. A tear slips out of her eye. And freezes on her cheek.
33) 1) text: LENA stands on the viewing platform, leaning against the guard rail. She's holding the SILVER LOCKET containing KANE’S PHOTO i her hand. Gazing at it. A few metres away, RADEK and SHEPPARD sit at a table. SHEPPARD is studying one of her maps, and RADEK is making notes in a small pad. THORENSEN appears beside LENA. She's holding a pair of binoculars. LENA, gazing at the locket, her head many miles away, doe notice.
39) 0) text: - the garden of LENA’S house, where LENA and KANE are sunbathing on the lawn. LENA in a bikini. KANE in shorts. Around them are the remains of an impromptu picnic. 41. They lie side by side, looking up at the sky.
39) 2) dialog: Mmm - not sure about that. God doesn’t make mistakes.
39) 4) dialog: Yeah. It’s kind of key to the whole being-a-God thing.
39) 6) dialog: +. You know he’s listening, right?
39) 8) dialog: Woah. So weird you say that. I was about to make the exact same point.
39) 10) dialog: I would. Because I find it arousing when you patronise me.
39) 12) dialog: Don’t stop.
39) 17) dialog: Okay. Mistakes were made. Beats pass.
39) 19) dialog: Nope. Beat.
39) 21) dialog: «.. Why?
39) 24) dialog: Okay. You get one clue. We’1l be under the same hemisphere. So, if you step outside and look up, you'll know we’re seeing the same moon in the sky. Day or night. LENA looks sideways at KANE.
39) 26) dialog: -.. What? 43.
39) 28) dialog: I’m just saying -
39) 33) dialog: Jesus - you know what you are? You're disrespectful, not just to the men and women of the armed forces - LENA yelps as he starts tickling her.
39) 34) dialog: - but the also the President.
39) 36) dialog: I was getting to the flag. LENA can no longer talk because he’s tickling her too har She becomes helpless with laughter, as they rolling on th grass. Eventually, catching her breath back. 44.
39) 38) dialog: Screw you.
51) 0) text: - extreme CLOSE UP on the tiny SCREEN of RADEK’S camera. The video starts. 61. At first, abstract. Something dark and unfocused, accompanied by the kind of noise you hear when someone accidentally dials their phone from their pocket. Then the image and noise suddenly resolve. And we find we are looking at KANE. And he’s looking at us.
51) 1) dialog: I don’t know how long we’ve been here. cuT TO -
52) 3) dialog: It must at least be weeks. But it could also be months, or years.
53) 0) text: — KANE. We see he is sitting on steps, in sunlight. Somewhere in abandoned base. Red eyes, unshaven. Wired. As if he hasn’t slept in days. He’s looking just past the lens - addressing not the came but the CAMERAMAN.
53) 1) dialog: We've lost track. Of time, and everything else. Beat.
53) 2) dialog: Sometimes I think I must be dreaming. But I know I can’t be. Because I never wake up. Beat. 62. KANE (CONT’D) If anything, it’s the other life that feels most like a dream. The wife. The home. They don’t seem to - KANE breaks off. Glances over his shoulder.
53) 3) dialog: You hear that?
53) 5) dialog: They're coming back. KANE stands abruptly. Out of frame.
53) 6) dialog: Get to positions. The video jerks sideways as the CAMERAMAN moves. Then CUTS STRAIGHT TO - - an INTENSE night-time FIRE-FIGHT. KANE and two others soldier - PEYTON and SHELLY - are crouched behind a LOW WALL somewhere in the compound. They take turns to fire over the top of the wall. Faces l by muzzle flashes.
53) 7) dialog: Reloading. PEYTON takes over from KANE. Firing at something in the darkness. PEYTON turns to the CAMERAMAN and shouts:
55) 0) text: - the film restarting. A split second later, KANE is firing. Bullets hit the RED DOT. And the DEFORMED MAN drops. The video CUTS again. This time to the violent sway-motion of the CAMERAMAN running. The video CUTS again. Now the CAMERAMAN is crouched beside KANE who is by the corner of a building, who is hunched over as incoming rou hit the concrete. The firing is sustained - - then stops. Immediately KANE swings out and RETURNS FIRE. From somewhere nearby, over the noise of the firing we he screaming. Then PEYTON shouting:
57) 0) text: - SHELLEY and the CAMERAMAN walking the length of the barracks. Then into the SHOWER ROOM at the far end. There, they find KANE and PEYTON. Standing beside another man. His name is MAYER. And he’s handcuffed to one of the water pipes. KANE and PEYTON are arguing. Raised voices.
57) 1) dialog: What the Hell do you want me do, Peyton? Actually cut him open and take a look?
57) 6) dialog: You mean I’ve got to.
57) 8) dialog: God damn it. KANE reaches to his belt. Pulls a long fixed-blade knife.
57) 9) dialog: I’m sorry. MAYER starts screaming. 66.
57) 11) dialog: You aren't filming this.
57) 13) dialog: The image dies. cuT TO -
60) 2) dialog: Freshly squeezed.
60) 4) dialog: I'm full of surprises. He sits on the bed next to her.
60) 5) dialog: But not all of them good. I’m leaving a day early.
60) 7) dialog: I mean now. 69. Beat.
60) 10) dialog: (cuts in) - I’m sorry. We can’t. LENA reaches out with her hand. Takes his.
60) 13) dialog: Yeah. A beat. LENA picks up on something in KANE. A detachment. A subtl coldness.
60) 15) dialog: I love you, Lena. LENA frowns.
89) 1) text: Sunlight in the statue garden. A few beats of quiet. Then the sound of a single gunshot. The retort slaps off the sides of the houses, then vanish into the forest. A few beats later, LENA appears. Face drained of colour and emotion. She stares at the foliate people. cur TO - - the statue garden. LENA has set all the figures on fire. She's watching them burn. And she’s howling with rage and grief. For RADEK, SHEPPAR THORENSEN, and KANE. Setting fire to the forest feels like revenge. From orange flames, wrapped around human forms - - cUT TO BLACK. 104.
95) 3) dialog: Let him go for Christ's sake! PEYTON releases SHELLEY. SHELLEY breaks away. Running for a tree-line. KANE opens fire. cuT TO -
96) 0) text: - SHELLEY, lying in the grass, filmed by the CAMERAMAN. KANE and PEYTON stand either side. We can see that SHELLY has been shot in the chest. He’s not dead yet. He’s making a wheezing sound, as his punctured lungs collapse. Now that the camera is focused and steady, we can also se that SHELLEY has some extremely strange deformations. On his neck, there is a split, or opening. Effectively a large tracheotomy, shaped as a sideways mouth, running fr the concave skin above his collar bone to under his chin. Inside the mouth, where there might be a tongue, there is something fat and white and red. It looks like a skinned SNAKE. Air bubbles through the blood around it, and the SNAKE is writhing slowly. There are more deformations on SHELLEY'S arms. Each one i split, just below the elbow, into two. Each split has secondary protrusions, finger-like, at irregular intervals. PEYTON looks haunted. Jaw locked into a rictus.
96) 2) dialog: Come on. cuT TO -
97) 0) text: - the BEACH. KANE and PEYTON are standing on the sand, facing the ocea They appear to be waiting for something. After a few seconds, it appears. First, a disturbance in the water - as if caused by a qua on the seabed, a hundred metres from the shore. KANE jabs a finger.
97) 1) dialog: There. It’s coming again. Then an area of water is rising, as if forming a hill. Then the surface of the water breaks - - and a DOLPHIN launches itself into the air. The DOLPHIN is the size of a BLUE WHALE. The vast creature holds for a moment, suspended in mid-ai before gravity takes hold. Pulls it down with an almighty KANE turns to the CAMERAMAN. Wired. Wide-eyed.
97) 2) dialog: Unreal. cuT TO -
98) 2) dialog: What the Hell are you doing? 109.
98) 4) dialog: You're just shooting at stars.
98) 6) dialog: Quit wasting rounds! You’re losing it, Peyton! PEYTON laughs. Slams in a fresh magazine.
98) 10) dialog: Think you got it? PEYTON makes a sobbing sound. cuT TO -
100) 0) text: — KANE and PEYTON. They're a little distance away from the camera, where the dunes get flattened by the tides. PEYTON seems to be having some kind of seizure. He’s on all fours, head dipped, with his spine buckling a he’s retching. KANE isn’t helping. He just holds his rifle. Watching. Then PEYTON lifts his head - - revealing there is something wrong with the shape of hi skull. At this distance, it’s hard to tell what. Some kin of deformation that has elongated his face. Some words are exchanged between them. A beat. Then KANE shoots PEYTON. cuT TO -
101) 0) text: — KANE. He’s a long way distant from the camera. Standing waist-d in the ocean. After a few moments, KANE starts pounding the water with fists. Screaming and yelling. The rage is miniaturised by the scale of the landscape. Voice almost lost against the surf. Then he stops. And looks back towards the CAMERAMAN. Stares. cuT TO -
102) 0) text: - KANE, walking towards the lighthouse. Through the towering SAND STRUCTURES. 111. cuT TO -
103) 0) text: - KANE entering the lighthouse. He slips off his BACKPACK. Lays down his RIFLE. cuT TO -
104) 1) text: The camera position is locked-off, on a tripod, in the mi of the room. It faces KANE. KANE is sat on the floor, cross-legged, with his back to curved wall. Holding something in his hands.
104) 2) dialog: I thought I was a man. KANE pauses.
104) 3) dialog: I had a life. People called me Kane. But now I’m not sure. Beat.
104) 4) dialog: If I wasn’t Kane, what was I? KANE looks at the CAMERAMAN.
104) 5) dialog: Was I you? Were you me? The CAMERAMAN doesn’t answer. KANE (CONT’D) My flesh moves like liquid. My mind is cut loose. Beat. Then KANE looks straight down the lens. His pupils glow like a cat’s eye in the infra-red light. 112. KANE (CONT’D) I can’t bear it. He opens his palm. He’s holding one of the cannister-shaped GRENADES. He glances up at the CAMERAMAN.
104) 6) dialog: Ever see a phosphorous grenade go off? Shield your eyes. They’re kind of bright. KANE hesitates.
104) 7) dialog: And if you ever get back, find Lena.
104) 9) dialog: Five, four, three, two —
105) 1) text: Staring at the small screen on the camera, which remains frozen on KANE'S face.
110) 0) text: LENA scrambles across the room - - towards the door to the LIGHTHOUSE. But she doesn’t make it. The HUMANOID simply appears in front of her, before she reaches the door. It is unclear how it got there. A frozen beat. Then LENA STRIKES the HUMANOID with all her strength. And moment later, in a mirror of her actions - - the HUMANOID STRIKES HER BACK - but with incredible pow LENA is sent flying backwards across the room. She collides with the CAMERA and TRIPOD. All skid across the room to the wall. But it has provided LENA with a weapon. As the HUMANOID reapproaches her, she picks up the TRIPOD and swings it l a club, smashing the camera against the HUMANOID’S head. And again, the HUMANOID mirrors the actions. Using its ar like a club. For a second time, LENA is sent hurtling back across the by the force of the impact. But this time towards KANE’S BACKPACK. She collides with it, and the PHOSPHOROUS GRENADES beside 121. And as she gets to her feet, the HUMANOID is again on her Standing directly in front of her. Featureless, eyeless, somehow watching. Utterly, infinitely more powerful than she is. For the first time, we see something beaten in LENA. Something broken.
110) 3) dialog: Kane? Another beat. REVEAL - at LENA’S feet - the PHOSPHOROUS GRENADES. CLOSE, on LENA. Processing. Controlling herself. Then - slowly - - she reaches down. Opposite her, in a slightly delayed mirror action - - KANE does the same. LENA’S hand closes around one of the metal cannisters. KANE does the same. LENA rises again. Never taking her eyes off KANE’S face. KANE rises. A final beat. LENA watching KANE’S face.
116) 1) text: LENA enters. Closes the door behind her. 127. KANE looks round, and they lock eyes. Neither speak. After a moment, LENA goes to the WINDOW. Looks out at the NIGHT SKY.
116) 3) dialog: I don’t know. Beat.
116) 4) dialog: Are you Lena? LENA hesitates. Then turns to face him.