3) 2) dialog: - and everything that dies. Beat.
3) 3) dialog: As students of medicine, as the doctors of tomorrow, that’s where you come in. She gestures to the screen behind her - which shows the electron microscope images that we have been watching.
3) 4) dialog: The cell you've been looking at is from a tumour. Female patient, early thirties, taken from her cervix. Over the course of the coming term... LENA pauses. A couple of the MED STUDENTS look up from their note-taki aware of the silence - - and see that their tutor has been momentarily distracte Her head is turned to the window - - where outside, above the tree tops, a FULL MOON hangs i the blue sky. The image of the MOON in daylight is gently surreal. Arresting, because the sky is so cloudless and clear. Almost absently, LENA’S hand goes to her neck, and her fingers lightly touch a SILVER LOCKET that hangs from a slender chain. As the silence extends, the STUDENTS exchange a glance. Then LENA’S focus returns. Becomes aware she has zoned o
3) 5) dialog: .-- Excuse me. She picks up the thread.
3) 6) dialog: Over the course of the coming term, we will be closely examining these cancer cells in vitro, and observing autophagic activity.
4) 1) text: LENA walks across the campus. A man in his forties jogs up to her. DANIEL MAITLAND.
4) 3) dialog: Dan. LENA doesn’t break stride, so he falls in beside her.
4) 5) dialog: I’ve been catching up on some writing.
4) 8) dialog: ... Saturday.
4) 12) dialog: Actually, I do have something planned.
4) 14) dialog: (cuts in) Thanks, Dan. I appreciate it. But I was going to paint our bedroom. LENA corrects herself immediately.
4) 15) dialog: The bedroom. DANIEL looks at LENA.
4) 18) dialog: I’m going to paint the bedroom. DANIEL gives way. Removes his hand.
4) 20) dialog: Yes.
5) 0) text: A quiet house. Stillness in the rooms. Photographs in the BEDROOM show a couple. LENA, with a ma in his early thirties. KANE. KANE is a soldier. Images show him in uniform, with comrades, in a baked landscape of rock and dust. He smiles easily at the camera. Full of life in these fro snapshots. One of the images shows a wedding. LENA in white. The couple embracing. Another shows the couple in Verona. Perhaps the honeymoon
6) 1) text: LENA sits on the sofa. Legs curled beneath her. In one hand, she holds her SILVER LOCKET. It’s open. Inside is a PHOTO of KANE. She gazes at it. We can feel LENA’S effort to modulate her breathing. Inhaling and exhaling through parted lips. Less controlled, tears spill down her face. Down her chee and neck. Into the corner of her mouth.
7) 0) text: - the garage. Full of dust and boxes and junk. LENA pulls stuff from shelves. On a mission. Searching fo a particular half-collapsed cardboard box. Inside: tins of paint and a roller. cuT TO -
8) 0) text: - the speakers from which the MUSIC is playing. - the framed photographs of LENA and KANE, which are now the walls, and stacked on the landing. - a PLASTIC SHEET as it rises up, billows, then settles o the DOUBLE BED. - a flathead screwdriver pushes under the rim of a tub of paint and pops the lid. LENA runs a primed roller over the wall. Leaving a fat wh stripe over the old colour. Flecking her shirt and face w paint. Smearing it off her forehead with the back of her hand. Repainting the room is an act of moving on. She is energised. Focused. So focused - - that she doesn’t see the figure that appears in the doo of the bedroom. KANE. He seems different to the photos. In uniform, but bloodle in his complexion. Older in his gaze. He watches LENA painting. Oddly blank. Not announcing his presence - - until she turns, needing to reload the roller - - and sees him. First, she jolts at the sight of the figure. Second, she recognises him.
8) 2) dialog: Oh God, oh God - I thought you were gone - gone forever - forever. She's crying, laughing. He isn’t. cuT TO - - the two of them falling down to the paint-flecked plast sheet over the double bed. LENA on top, pulling off her shirt, pulling at KANE’S bel and trousers. They start making love. But her passion remains completely unmatched by him. He i glazed and distant. No more than compliant. Until finally - - she has to acknowledge it. She breaks off. Hurt, confused. Looking down at him.
8) 3) dialog: --. Kane?
9) 0) text: KANE sits at the table. In front of him is a glass of water. He stares at the clear liquid, but doesn’t drink it. LENA stands by the counter. 10. Confusion has transformed now into frustration and anger.
9) 1) dialog: You must be able to tell me something. Vanished off the face of the Earth for twelve months. I deserve a better explanation than... no explanation. KANE doesn’t answer.
9) 2) dialog: No one knew anything about your unit. I contacted everyone. Everyone I could. The other wives and partners knew as little as me. Beat.
9) 3) dialog: Was it covert?
9) 5) dialog: What does that mean: ‘maybe’?
9) 7) dialog: Pakistan again.
9) 9) dialog: Yemen?
9) 11) dialog: So it is classified.
9) 13) dialog: You're telling me you don’t know where you’ve been? How can that even be possible? Was it hot? (MORE )
9) 15) dialog: Was there snow? Did the people speak Swahili, or Portuguese, or Pashto? KANE says nothing. LENA processes for a beat. Fighting back the strangeness the conversation. Trying to assert reason.
9) 16) dialog: How long have you been back?
9) 18) dialog: Well - how did you get back? Which base did they fly you to?
9) 20) dialog: What about the rest of your unit? Did they return with you? For the first time, we see something tangible in KANE. A helplessness. A dimly understood fear.
9) 22) dialog: Kane. He looks at her.
9) 23) dialog: How did you get home?
9) 27) dialog: Outside the house.
10) 2) dialog: Baby, baby, stay with me -
14) 0) text: - which slams LENA and the PARAMEDIC hard against the wal the vehicle. The semi-conscious KANE is held fast by the stretcher str
15) 0) text: - the AMBULANCE skids to a stop. The SUVs expertly slide to halt around it. Then immediately disgorge UNIFORMED ARMED MEN. Black gear stubby semi-automatic machine guns. SPEC OPS. The SPEC OPS soldiers pull open the rear doors of the ambulance. Drag out LENA and the PARAMEDIC. In the FOREGROUND the HELICOPTER lands in the road. Obscuring our vision, and deafening us. Through the obliterating rotor blade wash, we can hear LE
15) 1) dialog: (screaming) What are you doing? Let him go! Let him go! cuT TO - LENA, fighting as two of the SPEC OPS try to hold her. the PARAMEDIC and DRIVER being dragged out of view. - KANE pulled on his stretcher from the AMBULANCE. - something jammed into LENA’S neck. A one-hit disposable syringe. The tranquiliser drops to the floor, as the fight bleeds of LENA. Then consciousness. Sound and light fade as the sedative takes over. BLACK SCREEN. 15.
16) 1) text: - a view of door. Set into a concrete wall, in an otherwi featureless and windowless room. Silence, except the sound of breathing. REVEAL LENA. She is sat on a chair, on one side of a table. She wears same clothes we last saw her in. But time has passed. Several hours at least. The blood of her husband is now dried black, stiffened on the material of her short and trousers, rusted and flaking on her hands. She is trembling. Beats pass. Then the door UNLOCKS, startling LENA. REVEALING a woman in her late-forties. This is DR VENTRESS. Glasses. Suit. Smiling. She's holding a small plastic bottle of mineral water.
16) 3) dialog: Who are you?
16) 5) dialog: What does that mean?
16) 7) dialog: I know what a fucking psychologist is. I’m asking: why am I talking to one?
16) 9) dialog: .-+. I’m in a psychiatric hospital?
16) 11) dialog: Then what? Where am I? And where’s my husband? DR VENTRESS ignores the questions. She takes the chair opposite LENA, and sits down.
16) 13) dialog: So what?
16) 17) dialog: Where is my husband?
16) 19) dialog: That depends how long I’ve been here. DR VENTRESS says nothing.
16) 20) dialog: I think it was yesterday.
16) 22) dialog: No. He left on - whatever he was doing. Whatever spec-ops mission. That was the last I heard until he reappeared.
16) 24) dialog: He never did. I never asked.
16) 26) dialog: Because we had an agreement. Between us. Six months of radio silence meant I was to assume he was dead. And move on. DR VENTRESS gives a sympathetic nod.
16) 28) dialog: I didn’t. LENA sits back in her chair.
16) 29) dialog: You know what? I think I just figured you out. You're CIA. And Kane was on some kind of operation for you. And you believe he told me something before he got sick. LENA fixes the woman opposite with an even gaze. A pause. LENA (CONT’D) So let’s cut the shit. I’m done answering questions. It’s your turn.
16) 31) dialog: I1l in what way?
16) 33) dialog: «+. He’s dying.
16) 35) dialog: He must have been exposed to something. DR VENTRESS adds nothing.
16) 36) dialog: Radiation. A virus of some sort. LENA leans forwards.
16) 37) dialog: For Christ's sake - I might actually be able to help him. You have to tell me where has he been and what was he doing.
16) 39) dialog: Clearly, I don't!
16) 41) dialog: You still haven't told me anything about what’s going on or what I’m doing here! DR VENTRESS has reached the door.
16) 43) dialog: At least let me change out of these clothes! DR VENTRESS pauses. LENA holds up her hands. 20.
16) 44) dialog: I’m covered in my husband’s blood. cuT TO -
17) 1) text: - LENA, under a shower stream, washing the blood from her body. From her hair. Fingernails. REVEAL the shower space. Another windowless room. Tiled walls and floors. A military feel, or prison. Rows of un- partitioned shower-heads. An ORANGE JUMPSUIT is folded on a changing bench. A pair white sneakers are beneath it. At the door of the shower room, an armed SPEC-OPS SOLDIER stands guard. His back is to the room, to protect LENA’S modesty.
18) 1) text: LENA walks down a corridor, back towards the interview ro Wearing the jumpsuit and sneakers. The SPEC OPS soldier walks slightly behind. LENA glances back at him. SEES SOMETHING. On his belt, a clip containing two of the one-hit SYRINGE VIALS that were used to sedate her.
18) 2) dialog: Do you know my husband? Sergeant Kane. The SPEC OPS SOLDIER doesn’t react.
18) 3) dialog: Just wondering if you’ve served together. You are the 427th, right? The SPEC OPS SOLDIER stops by the door to the interview r
19) 1) text: LENA stops in the door frame. 21.
19) 2) dialog: I just want to know what’s happened to him.
19) 4) dialog: Please.
19) 6) dialog: If you know anything at all, can’t you just - It’s a ploy. There is a SUDDEN fluid motion. With her other hand, LENA has unclipped one of the TRANQUILISERS. In a FLASH it’s up and jammed into the soldier’s neck.
20) 1) text: - LENA bolting the interview room door closed. She looks left. Right.
21) 1) text: LENA walk-runs through the facility. Silent on the linole floor in her white sneakers. 22.
22) 1) text: LENA enters an elevator lobby. She goes straight to the control panel, and hits the call button. Nothing happens. Beside the panel is a glass plate, with the outline of a hand. The elevator requires a palm-print biometric pass.
22) 2) dialog: «+. Shit. AT THAT MOMENT, startling LENA, the elevator CHIMES. The car has just arrived on this floor. As the doors start to open, CUT TO -
24) 1) text: - without noticing LENA, pressed to the wall, just out of their line of sight.
25) 1) text: Inside the elevator, LENA hurriedly scans the different f options. It’s LENA’S first geographical indication of where she is There are four levels in the building. One below ground, three above. B is SECURITY. * is LOBBY. 1 is RESEARCH. 2 is LIVING. By the digital readout, she is on B.
25) 2) dialog: ‘Southern Reach’? What the Hell? LENA hesitates over the panel for a moment. Then hits the LOBBY button. Nothing happens. She hits it again. Nothing. Sees - beside the control panel, another BIOMETRIC READER
25) 3) dialog: ++. Oh shit. She touches the biometric pad. An error code sounds.
25) 4) dialog: Come on, please. No, no, no... A terrible sense that she has managed to escape from a sm locked room into an even smaller one. Then SUDDENLY - - the elevator starts moving. On the digital panel, the numbers start moving upwards. Past the lobby - to level 1. Where it stops. The doors OPEN, revealing a man in a white lab coat. A SCIENTIST of some sort. His head is dropped, reading thro a sheaf of forms, which he is filling out. 24. LENA stands, back straight against the wall, terrified to meet his gaze. But he hardly seems to notice her. Just touches the biometric pad, and presses the button for Level 2. The doors close. The elevator starts moving again. Then, still without raising his head, the SCIENTIST speak
25) 6) dialog: ++. Tell me about it.
26) 1) text: LENA has entered into the MESS HALL of the facility. It is packed with SOLDIERS, SCIENTISTS, and ADMINISTRATIV STAFF. They sit at tables, chatting. Carry trays with food, and drinks. On the far side of the room, there is a floor to ceiling glass wall, through which for the first time in the facil we see DAYLIGHT. Bright, burnished, gold. In the middle of the wall is an open double door, leading the outside. 25. She realises at once: she has to make it across the room that door. To the exterior, the sunlight. It’s the only exit, apart from the elevator from which she has just com But among the uniforms and lab coats and suits, there is one person wearing an orange jumpsuit. LENA. She takes a breath. And simply starts walking. Not hurried, not slow. Not drawing attention to herself. And for a moment, it seems as if it might work. The peopl around simply don’t notice her. Then - - someone looks at her. A WOMAN, sat at a table. She frowns. Taps the arm of the person beside her. LENA starts walking quicker.
27) 1) text: LENA makes only five or six steps into the sunlight. Then - - slows. And stops. Arrested by the view in front of her. REVEAL that LENA is standing on a VIEWING PLATFORM. Essentially a massive balcony, which projects from the ME HALL, three stories above the ground. And the facility from which she has escaped turns out to kind of gatehouse structure - like a medieval castle, dra into a brutalist Twenty First Century. Either side of the facility, a concrete wall extends. Massive, buttressed, punctuated with watch towers. It loo designed to contain or defend against something mythic in scale. This would be a stunning sight in its own right - but it’ the view from the platform that stopped LENA in her track It shows a landscape, behind which the sun sets. A stretch of bare ground, for a few hundred yards beyond concrete wall, leading to a dense forest. And in front of - or permeating - the forest, there is a shimmer. Similar to a heat haze - it gives a glassy liquid quality everything seen through its prism. But unlike a heat haze - and like a prism - it splits lig So, through the shimmer - - the sun distorts into a deliquescing orange orb, fringe with chromatic aberrations of blue and green. - the colours on the clouds split into a full rainbow spectrum, spread across the sky like psychedelic Northern Lights. - the trees in the forest distort gently, as if pushed by gentle wind that eases the trunks into movement, as if th were as light as leaves.
27) 4) text: REVEAL behind LENA, an arc of three SPEC OPS SOLDIERS, al pointing their guns at the back of her head. But before the moment can unravel, DR VENTRESS appears, pushing past the soldiers, brushing down their gun barrel if warding away a wasp.
27) 8) dialog: Where am I?
27) 10) dialog: ... Why is a National Park sealed behind a fifty metre high concrete wall?
28) 0) text: The COMMAND CENTER of the Southern Reach Facility. A large room, with one wall given over to a floor-to ceil window, which faces the landscape and the Shimmer. 28. In the middle of the room is a large digital map. It show the coast of Northern Florida, the boundary wall of the Southern reach facility, and - in illuminated blue - the border of the Shimmer. On the adjacent wall there is a collection of images. Some show a tall white LIGHTHOUSE - with archive architectural plans of the building. The rest are a seque of TEAM PHOTOS. Small groups of men and women with backpa and hiking gear. Some with weapons and uniforms. LENA walks to the digital map table. DR VENTRESS, standing by the window, starts to talk.
28) 2) dialog: You have no idea what it is?
28) 6) dialog: The expansion rate is increasing.
28) 8) dialog: +. And in ten years?
28) 10) dialog: Does the planet get to hear about this?
28) 12) dialog: I’d want to know.
28) 14) dialog: Will you let me see him?
29) 0) text: KANE lies on a bed. Surrounded by the tubes, lines, and t machinery of life support. His skin is almost the colour of ivory. His heartbeat monitor shows four beats per minute. LENA stands beside him. She exhales, and steam wreathes h DR VENTRESS watches from behind an observation window. Th edges of the glass are frosted with ice crystals. LENA reaches for KANE’S hand. Holds it. A tear slips out of her eye. And freezes on her cheek.
30) 0) text: LENA joins the DR VENTRESS on her side of the observation window.
30) 1) dialog: How long can you keep him alive like this? A beat. 31.
30) 3) dialog: - and he won’t survive the move.
30) 5) dialog: What do you mean?
30) 7) dialog: When do you leave?
30) 9) dialog: How many in the team?
30) 11) dialog: Five.
30) 13) dialog: (cuts in) He’s my husband. He’s dying.
30) 15) dialog: The chances are zero if I don’t even try. I owe it to him.
30) 17) dialog: Yes.
30) 19) dialog: (cuts in) While the facility remains under your command, the way you structure the team is your business. DR VENTRESS knows she has been quoted from her exchange w the SPEC OPS CAPTAIN, but isn’t quite sure how it could h happened. She smiles faintly. Beat.
30) 21) text: DR VENTRESS (CONT’D) Given the track record, it hasn't been easy to find volunteers... LENA waits, letting the doctor talk herself round. DR VENTRESS (CONT’D) If you were to join us, I don’t think it would be wise to explain your connection to the previous mission. It might not be... helpful. To the group dynamic. LENA turns to the glass. Looks back at the near motionless body of her husband.
30) 22) dialog: Whatever it takes. cuT TO -
31) 1) text: - a FIRING RANGE, in which a woman is firing an automatic rifle, straight at us. Her name is ANYA THORENSEN. She’s a handsome woman in her mid-thirties. Close-cropped hair, wearing a white vest th shows muscled arms. Obviously lifts weights. She has a very distinctive TATTOO encircling her forearm, depicting an ouroboros - a snake eating its tail. cuT TO - - a TARGET, with BULLET HOLES appearing. Loosely grouped, but finding their mark. cur TO - - the woman firing in the next alley. This is CASS SHEPPARD. She’s in her mid-forties. Glasses, pony-tail efficiently tied back. Could be a mother at sch gates, if not for the automatic rifle. cur TO - - a similar spread of BULLET HOLES appearing on a target. cur TO - - the next alley, where we find JOSIE RADEK. RADEK is in her mid-twenties, but feels younger. She has sheltered quality that people have when they’ve passed straight from school to college to doctorate. 34. She's having trouble with her weapon. She looks frightene by the recoil, leaning her face away from the stock, and convulsively screwing her eyes as the gun starts firing. cur TO - - a near random spray of rounds that hit in various place but not the target. cur TO - - LENA. Stepping up to the fourth alley in the firing range. Lifting a rifle. Squeezing the trigger. She keeps the gun steady, fires in neat three round burst and the stock pushed tight up against her cheek bone. cuT TO - - a neat grouping of rounds, appearing in the middle of t target. cur TO - - DR VENTRESS. Observing. She shifts her gaze to THORENSEN, SHEPPARD, and RADEK - - who are clearly surprised to find this new person in th fourth firing alley. LENA empties the last rounds in her clip. The final volley of gunshots leave a ringing echo in the concrete chamber. Broken by DR VENTRESS.
31) 3) dialog: «+. Hi.
33) 1) text: LENA stands on the viewing platform, leaning against the guard rail. She's holding the SILVER LOCKET containing KANE’S PHOTO i her hand. Gazing at it. A few metres away, RADEK and SHEPPARD sit at a table. SHEPPARD is studying one of her maps, and RADEK is making notes in a small pad. THORENSEN appears beside LENA. She's holding a pair of binoculars. LENA, gazing at the locket, her head many miles away, doe notice.
33) 3) dialog: «.. Oh, hey.
33) 5) dialog: No - it’s just - THORENSEN holds up a hand.
33) 7) dialog: You bet. LENA slips the necklace back over her head.
33) 8) dialog: Have you been at the facility a long time?
33) 10) dialog: Yeah. Similar story. LENA nods towards the Shimmer.
33) 11) dialog: Do you ever get used to the view? THORENSEN laughs.
33) 13) dialog: I have a question.
33) 15) dialog: Why’s our team all women?
33) 17) dialog: I don’t follow.
33) 19) dialog: They really think the previous expeditions might have killed each other?
33) 21) dialog: «+. I did hear that.
33) 23) dialog: The second? 38. THORENSEN hands LENA her binoculars, then gestures out ac the deforested area towards the tree line.
33) 25) dialog: +. Yes.
35) 1) text: - LENA, lowering the binoculars.
35) 2) dialog: -+. No one saw who did it. THORENSEN shakes her head.
37) 0) text: The team walk in single file. DR VENTRESS leads. Then THORENSEN, then SHEPPARD, then RADEK, then LENA. They walk right past the BODY that THORENSEN pointed out. As they pass it, LENA pauses. Sees the skull. The way patches of hair and dried skin st cling to the underside of the skull, where it has been shielded from the wind and sun. Sees the missing section of bone above the left eye socke blown out by a bullet. Sees the curve of ribs, visible where the material of the uniform has started to disintegrate. Ahead, DR VENTRESS has reached the treeline. DR VENTRESS stops before entering the forest. Then turns, look back at LENA. They lock eyes through the shimmering air. CcuT TO BLACK.
38) 0) text: - the FULL MOON, hanging in a clear blue daylight sky. The same image that distracted LENA as she taught her med students. cuT TO -
39) 0) text: - the garden of LENA’S house, where LENA and KANE are sunbathing on the lawn. LENA in a bikini. KANE in shorts. Around them are the remains of an impromptu picnic. 41. They lie side by side, looking up at the sky.
39) 1) dialog: I love seeing the moon in daytime. It’s like God made a mistake, leaving the hall lights on.
39) 3) dialog: Oh really.
39) 5) dialog: I observe his mistakes every day.
39) 7) dialog: If you take a cell, and prevent the incremental shortening of telomeres, you circumvent the Hayflick division limit and prevent the cell from entering senescence.
39) 9) dialog: Would you like me to explain what it means?
39) 11) dialog: It means the cell doesn’t grow old and die. It becomes immortal.
39) 13) dialog: We see the process of growing old as somehow natural. Whereas in fact, it’s fault in our genes. We inherited it, but we don’t need it, or want it. (MORE )
39) 15) dialog: And without the fault, I would be able to stay looking like this - She illustrates the point by indicating herself.
39) 16) dialog: - forever. KANE glances at her bikini-clad form. Then back at the sk
39) 18) dialog: «+. SO are you going to tell me where you’re heading this time?
39) 20) dialog: I know there’s something strange about the mission.
39) 22) dialog: Because the silence around it is even more deafening than usual. Beat.
39) 23) dialog: I don’t even get a clue? KANE sighs.
39) 25) dialog: Holy shit.
39) 27) dialog: Are you kidding me? Is that what you think I do when you’re away? KANE hesitates.
39) 29) dialog: - You think I come out into the garden, pining, looking up at the sky? LENA puts her hand on her chest. Mimics herself.
39) 30) dialog: To think my darling Kane is looking at this self-same Moon. Oh my distant celestial friend - KANE laughs. Shoves her sideways. LENA keeps going.
39) 31) dialog: - please care for my beloved... KANE grabs her. Tries to stop her talking.
39) 32) dialog: - my brave soldier...
39) 35) dialog: (between gasps) You forgot the flag!
39) 37) dialog: Oh my hero.
39) 39) dialog: Okay. They start kissing. With passion. cur TO - - the FULL MOON. Suspended in the blue. Crater patterns only faintly visib in daylight. Then - - the MOON SHIMMERS. And then, like a cell under a microscope - - the MOON starts to DIVIDE. cuT TO -
40) 0) text: - LENA, waking with a jolt. Wearing a T-shirt and underwear. Looking around. Surrounded by BRIGHT ORANGE. Taking a moment to understand she is inside a tent.
41) 1) text: LENA unzips the front flap of her tent and climbs out - - to discover a campsite. Five small tents, circled aroun burned out fire. The campsite is positioned in a grassy clearing, deep ins a forest. The surrounding trees are Oak and Cyprus. Looking up, the sun and clouds are seen through the famil mirage-like distortion - as if the Shimmer is like a dome structure, which we are now inside. Just in front of LENA, THORENSEN and SHEPPARD sit surroun by packets of food. A little distance away, RADEK is looking at a piece of electronic equipment. DR VENTRESS is nowhere to be seen. LENA looks stunned.
41) 2) dialog: ... What the Hell? THORENSEN and SHEPPARD look round.
41) 4) dialog: Uh... LENA takes a moment.
41) 5) dialog: Sorry, you’re going to have to give me a moment. I’ma little... thrown.
41) 8) dialog: «+. I don’t remember anything, after we reached the tree line.
41) 10) dialog: That's not possible. RADEK walks over, looking nervous.
42) 2) dialog: I'd like to remember it.
42) 4) dialog: So you're a scientist too? A physicist, right?
42) 6) dialog: And what is the life-cycle of stars?
42) 8) dialog: I do the life-cycle of cells. Short. RADEK shrugs.
43) 5) dialog: ... These are extremely strange flowers.
43) 7) dialog: To look at them you wouldn’t say they’re the same species. LENA pulls back an area of flowers to show the plant syst beneath.
43) 8) dialog: But they’re all growing from the same branch structure. So not just the same species. The same plant. 50.
43) 10) dialog: It seems stuck in a continuous mutation. Some kind of morphogenesis error.
43) 12) dialog: It’s very pretty, but you’d sure as Hell call it a pathology if you saw it in a human. LENA picks a white and crimson petal, and holds it.
43) 14) dialog: So what do you see in there? RADEK has found something else.
43) 18) dialog: Radek! RADEK reacts - - and sees the gaping MOUTH and TEETH as they lunge towar her. She turns away - - just as the creature’s jaws SNAP. Closing on her BACKPACK. RADEK’S screams are abruptly knocked out of her - - as the ALLIGATOR viciously snaps its head to the side, tossing the young woman like a ragdoll. RADEK remains held fast by the shoulder straps on her bag Then - - the ALLIGATOR pulls back into the water, and both the creature and RADEK are gone. A moment of stunned silence. Then LENA is running for the water.
43) 19) dialog: 
43) 22) dialog: 
43) 26) dialog: A gator took her! We’ve got to - AT THAT MOMENT — - RADEK bursts out of the water, only a couple of metres LENA. Her backpack is gone. She’s gasping for breath.
43) 29) dialog: Fuck the bag! Just as they reach the bank -
44) 4) dialog: «+. Woah. LENA sticks her head even further inside.
44) 5) text: It’s the exactly same as the flowers. We see what LENA sees. Behind the row of teeth, there is a second row. folded backward slightly. 54. Internal, And behind the second row, there is third, these almost f
44) 6) dialog: Look at the teeth. Concentric rows. Something here is making big waves in the gene pool.
44) 9) dialog: You can’t cross-breed different species. They have different genes.
44) 11) dialog: Sure. LENA retracts her head. The jaw shuts with a wet thump. Back to BLACK. cuT TO -
46) 0) text: - the flat-bottomed boats gliding over black water. Swampland floating by. Serene. The first boat holds DR VENTRESS, RADEK and THORENSEN, wi THORENSEN paddling. The second boat holds SHEPPARD and LENA. While SHEPPARD paddles, LENA is preoccupied by a mark on forearm. It looks like a faint bruise. LENA pushes at it with her thumb. Vaguely puzzled about where she picked it up.
46) 2) dialog: Just a bruise. Guess I picked it up with that gator.
46) 5) dialog: My husband was military. We used to go hunting together in Pennsylvania. Deer.
46) 7) dialog: Yeah.
46) 9) dialog: «+. No. LENA hesitates. Doesn’t want to lie to SHEPPARD - but doe
46) 10) dialog: 
46) 14) dialog: What do you mean?
46) 17) dialog: Ventress?
46) 19) dialog: You? SHEPPARD pauses.
46) 21) dialog: Thorensen called this a suicide mission.
46) 23) dialog: But on some level.
46) 25) dialog: I wasn’t thinking in those terms. LENA looks at SHEPPARD evenly.
46) 26) dialog: But now you mention it: yes. I’m going to be making it back. SHEPPARD smiles.
48) 0) text: The five women walk into the collection of buildings. 58. They have a distinctively military feel. Prefab huts, bre block walls, chain-link fences, guard huts by the gate. Nature has been busy reclaiming the area. Tall grasses pu through cracks in the tarmac. The concrete is stained wit rain and dark algae. And as with the trees in the swamp, brightly-coloured mos bloom on the buildings. DR VENTRESS notices LENA’S gaze going to them.
48) 2) dialog: I saw many on the trees. They’re everywhere.
49) 3) dialog: Uh - guys. Come and look at this. The others join her.
49) 5) dialog: Was here. It’s covered in dust.
49) 12) dialog: Figures.
58) 0) text: - the five women. Looking at the black screen. LENA is in a place beyond horror - mind assailed, not abl process what has just happened. SHEPPARD breaks the spell by leaning forward and switchin the screen off.
59) 1) text: LENA enters. To find RADEK, SHEPPARD, THORENSEN and DR VENTRESS. In front of them is MAYER’S body. Still cuffed to the cha Desiccated, skeletal. His ribs have been broken open at the sternum, and are splayed open like a book. Like inverted wings. And his skull is sitting on the ground. Laid in front of feet. Silence.
60) 0) text: - LENA’S face. Asleep. In darkness. Then LIGHT flooding on to her closed eyes. Stirring her.
60) 3) dialog: That’s a surprise.
60) 6) dialog: You mean today?
60) 8) dialog: «+. Shit. LENA props herself up.
60) 9) dialog: I had a whole day planned. We were going to go to Sam and Mary’s for lunch, and then drive out to -
60) 11) dialog: Well, can we at least - He pulls his hand back.
60) 12) dialog: +. ‘Now’ means ‘right now’.
60) 14) dialog: -.. What is it? KANE doesn’t answer for a moment. Then he looks at her.
60) 16) dialog: «+. I love you too. On KANE. Gazing back at her flatly. Giving nothing back. Unreachable. cuT TO - 70.
61) 1) text: - LENA’S eyes, flicking open. Echoing the image of her waking that we just saw. But thi time, when she rubs the sleep out of her eyes, she’s in t Shimmer. REVEAL what was once the REC ROOM of the abandoned base. There’s a dart board on the wall, and a pool table with m covered baize, and a pinball machine with broken glass. She's got a sheen of sweat on her face. Wipes it off. Looks around. On the floor, she sees THORENSEN, asleep on her unrolled bedding. Beside THORENSEN is RADEK, also asleep. Beside RADEK is SHEPPARD. Awake. SHEPPARD winks.
61) 2) dialog: Hey. The two women whisper quietly to each other.
61) 4) dialog: -.. Fine. LENA nods at RADEK.
61) 5) dialog: Good she’s getting some rest.
61) 7) dialog: How about you? Get any sleep? SHEPPARD shakes her head.
61) 9) dialog: I’1l go check on Dr Ventress.
62) 1) text: LENA exits the REC ROOM hut. The hut is on the edge of the abandoned facility. The starlight doesn’t illuminate much, but we can just about out the chain-link perimeter fence, and beyond it, the bl shape of the forest. DR VENTRESS is sitting at a picnic table, just outside th door, studying a map by torchlight.
62) 3) dialog: I'm done sleeping for the night.
62) 5) dialog: The previous expeditions. Were they selected in the same way as this one? From volunteers.
62) 7) dialog: Even the soldiers?
62) 9) dialog: Then I have to ask: why did my husband volunteer for a suicide mission? DR VENTRESS pauses. Beat.
62) 11) dialog: Because you ran the programme. You must have assessed him. And he must have told you.
62) 13) dialog: Yes.
62) 15) dialog: What do you mean?
62) 18) dialog: ... What was that?
62) 20) dialog: No, just - 74. LENA breaks off.
62) 21) dialog: Yes. Through the scope, there is something. A large hole in the perimeter fence. The chain-link twisted, pulled open. cur TO - - SHEPPARD emerges from the REC ROOM HUT, into the moonli holding her weapon and a flashlight.
62) 23) dialog: Something’s just come through the fence.
62) 25) dialog: It’s ripped open like a zipper.
62) 27) dialog: I don’t know. Something big. ANOTHER NOISE. And this is organic. It’s a thump of movement. Then a panting breath. A snort. And it feels very close. The three women freeze. A beat. Then SHEPPARD lifts her FLASHLIGHT. Points it straight in front of her. And illuminates a huge creature... ... less than two metres away. 75. It looks something like a BLACK BEAR. But like the GATOR, it’s twice the size it should be. And it's stranger than the GATOR. It seems to be enmeshed with plant matter. Stems and leaves are growing out of it fur. Its fur hangs like the Spanish moss on the swamp oak branches. Long thorns push outwards, bristling over the crown of its skull, along its snout, down its arms. And it’s up on its hind legs. Standing like a man, toweri over SHEPPARD and LENA. Blotting out the stars. Then it opens its jaws. And it looks as if some of the pl matter is actually growing from inside the BEAR’S mouth. It is a terrifying and transfixing sight.
62) 29) dialog: Sheppard! No answer. LENA clamps the night scope to her eye, scanning desperat SEES something massive in the darkness, moving fast, back towards the fence. A glimpse of SHEPPARD, dragged like a doll. Then it’s gone. The creature, and SHEPPARD, have vanished
62) 30) dialog: 
62) 33) dialog: She's gone! She was right here next to me - and something took her! It was like a bear, or - Sudden screaming. High, desperate. And sustained. It’s SHEPPARD. But she’s nowhere close. It’s from the trees.
62) 35) dialog: 
64) 0) text: RADEK is sat on the ground. Shaking uncontrollably. DR VENTRESS sits on a chair, on the far side of the room, observing RADEK with a neutral expression. LENA and THORENSEN are standing.
64) 13) dialog: -.. I didn’t know there were sides.
64) 15) dialog: Okay. Then I agree with you. We should be heading back. THORENSEN looks relieved.
64) 17) dialog: (interrupts) Just a minute. Beat. THORENSEN already doesn’t like this.
64) 18) dialog: We head back: yes. But I don’t think we do it by retracing the route we took here. It took us approximately four days to reach this point, right? But the coast is only two days away. And as Sheppard pointed out: once we hit the shore, we can follow it until we hit the perimeter wall. It’s impossible to get lost, and it will be easier terrain than making our way back through the swamps.
64) 20) dialog: «+. If you like, yes. 79.
64) 22) dialog: It has nothing to do with the lighthouse. I believe the coast is the best route out. That’s all. Silence. THORENSEN glances at RADEK. The younger woman has closed her eyes. Just trying to blo it all out.
65) 1) text: LENA exits the hut. Wearing her backpack. Carrying her gu DR VENTRESS stands in the spot where SHEPPARD was attacke gazing towards the broken fence. LENA approaches.
65) 2) dialog: We're coming with you. DR VENTRESS glances back at LENA.
65) 4) dialog: «.. Worry about what? 80.
65) 6) dialog: ‘My secret’. You're talking about my husband? LENA lowers her voice.
65) 7) dialog: Is that not our secret? In that you were the one who instructed me to keep it. DR VENTRESS shrugs.
66) 0) text: The four-person team walk in single file. DR VENTRESS on point. Then RADEK. Then THORENSEN. Then LENA. As they walk, LENA becomes aware that THORENSEN is talkin herself. Low muttering. Unintelligible. It sounds like some kind o internal private argument, unwittingly externalised. LENA watches.
66) 1) dialog: Hey Thorensen. THORENSEN’S gaze flicks round. There's a flash of something in her eyes. Something like anger. Something like a lack of recognitio As if whatever she’s seeing at that moment, it isn’t LENA Then it’s gone. 81.
66) 3) dialog: You okay? THORENSEN turns away.
66) 7) dialog: She might still be alive.
66) 9) dialog: I think we need to know. Beat.
66) 11) dialog: Fine. LENA cocks her rifle.
66) 13) dialog: I'll go alone. Quicker, quieter.
67) 0) text: LENA heads through the swamp. Gun raised. Following the blood trail. From somewhere nearby, she hears a noise. Perhaps the BEAR. Perhaps something else. She freezes. Looks into the trees. There is movement in the foliage. Something there - a creature, or person. Or equally i trick of the light, and shadows. LENA watches. Waits. Sees something. But it’s not the BEAR. It’s a DEER. Or a deer-like creature. Elongated legs. Branch and leaf structures its back. Then - skittish - it’s gone. 82. sheen or glaze. could be out t could be a flowing out of Sweat runs down LENA’S face. She blinks it out of her eye Silence returns. LENA heads on.
68) 0) text: Dense foliage. In it, we find LENA. Crawling forwards on her belly. She's seen something up ahead. REVEAL — 83. - the end of the blood trail, in a clearing. In the middle of the clearing, sunlit, is SHEPPARD. Lying her back, facing upwards. Clothes soaked with blood. LENA watches. Waits. No sound, except wind in trees.
69) 0) text: LENA cautiously approaches SHEPPARD'S body, gun raised, continually scanning the tree line. As she reach her colleague - - REVEAL SHEPPARD. Her midriff is torn. Either bitten or clawed. Through the dark congealed blood and ripped material, we glimpse the white coil of intestine. But her face is intact. There are flecks of blood on her cheek. And her eyes are open. Then - - something very strange happens. Her LEFT EYE - and her left eye only - makes a sudden jittering movement. Like a quiver. LENA jumps.
69) 1) dialog: Jesus! Then SHEPPARD’S slightly parted lips move. As if just starting to form a word.
69) 2) dialog: ... Sheppard? CUT BACK to SHEPPARD'S face - - as SHEPPARD'S mouth is pushed more fully open, which reveals that INSIDE her mouth, there is a creature. The size of small snake. The texture and colour of worm. SHEPPARD'S cheeks undulate gently with the movement. 84. And the LEFT EYE suddenly starts to sink into the socket, if being consumed. cuT TO -
70) 0) text: - LENA, returning to where DR VENTRESS, THORENSEN and RAD are waiting.
70) 2) dialog: She's dead. The finality in LENA’S voice dissuades follow-up question Wordlessly, RADEK, THORENSEN and DR VENTRESS shoulder the backpacks.
74) 0) text: The women enter the town. Not talking. Scanning. Alert. Weapons unslung, and hands resting with the finger above trigger guard. LENA is distracted by the sight of one of the houses - fr which a tree has appeared to grow from the inside. Branch push out through the windows and roof shingles.
74) 2) dialog: Hello? The silhouette of the MAN doesn’t react at all. LENA takes another step -— - and the shift in perspective reveals another figure. This one is behind the man, behind the building. Not in shadow, but caught in the light from the dropping sun. It looks like a CHILD. 86. Also motionless, also misshapen. But now, in the light, the oddness of the shape makes mor sense. The CHILD is not flesh and blood, but plant. A twisting r system form calves and feet, leading up to knotted branch and densely packed leaves. Like a topiary.
75) 0) text: LENA, followed by the others, walks through the space bet the buildings, past the shape of the MAN - - into something that is like a statue garden. In the space between the back of the houses and the tree- of the forest, there are twenty or so plant figures. Some of them have grown into reasonable facsimiles of a m or woman, or a child. Others are incomplete. The legs, and half the torso. An outstretched arm, becoming a tangle of twigs and leaves beyond the bicep. Others have exploded far beyond the basic outline of a hu expanding out into tree structures.
75) 4) dialog: They haven't been cut this way. LENA plucks a LEAF from the CHILD FIGURE.
75) 5) dialog: They've grown this way.
75) 16) dialog: They're the genes that define body structure. But in animals. Not plants. 88.
75) 18) dialog: No - they’re just simulacra. Like a stick insect or chameleon. What you're saying is simply not possible.
75) 21) dialog: You know what she means, Thorensen. She means our DNA. LENA lets the leaf drop.
75) 22) dialog: Whatever's happening to everything else will also be happening to us. In the low sun, everything upright is silhouette, fringed with gold. On the ground, the long shadows of the women and the plan statues are fringed with chromatic aberration, and are indistinguishable from each other.
76) 0) text: The women are inside the FRONT ROOM of one of the abandon houses. The KITCHEN is off the front room. 89. The kitchen and living room windows have been barricaded, LENA and THORENSEN are positioning a heavy dresser to jam front door. Once it’s in place, LENA turns to the others.
76) 1) dialog: You all get some sleep. I’m keeping first watch.
78) 1) text: LENA sits at the dining table. The room is lit by her upended flashlight. She’s removed the top, exposing the bulb, like a candle. She's watching the other three. Laid out on their bedding. Their soft breathing. Satisfying herself that they’re all asleep. Then she quietly opens her backpack. Removes a small case. Inside is the equipment we saw her select from the Southern Reach laboratory. A field microscope. A scalpel. She removes a blade from a sealed foil packet. Clips a blade into the scalpel. Then she rolls up her left shirt sleeve. It reveals her forearm - - and the unexplained BRUISE she first noticed while talk to SHEPPARD as they paddled through the swamp. The mark is now darker. And larger. Roughly circular, wit a slight indication of a pattern. It’s as the bruise were painted with ink on wet paper, and the marks have blurred into something too abstract to understand. LENA gazes at the strange, oddly malign shape. Then pushes the scalpel into it. Drawing blood from the d marks. A beat. 90. The sight of the crimson bead has hypnotised her. cuT TO -
79) 0) text: - LENA leaning over her microscope. cur TO - - extreme CLOSE UP on blood cells. The biconcave shape ar clearly visible. The MAGNIFICATION increases. We see inside the translucen cell structure... ... Where something is shimmering. cur TO - - LENA, leaning away from the microscope. Blank-faced. Then she stands, walks past the apparently sleeping figur of RADEK, THORENSEN and DR VENTRESS.
80) 1) text: LENA enters the KITCHEN. Goes directly to the sink. And - quietly, with a minimum of fuss - throws up. When she has finished, she turns around -— - and sees RADEK. Standing at the kitchen door. Looking a her.
80) 3) dialog: Your thesis is correct.
80) 5) dialog: It’s in me.
80) 7) dialog: .+. I imagine so. RADEK exhales. Beat.
82) 0) text: - LENA, talking to her students.
82) 1) dialog: So we can describe cancer as a genetic mutation that causes unregulated cell growth. But genetic mutation is also the reason we exist. We wouldn’t have evolved from the single-cell organism from which we’re all derived. LENA pauses.
82) 2) dialog: I think it’s partly why cancer frightens us. It doesn’t just hurt us, and kill us. It changes us. cuT TO -
83) 2) text: - LENA’S face, moonlit. Seen over a man’s shoulder. In bed. Having sex. cuT TO -
84) 3) dialog: This was a mistake.
84) 6) dialog: It’s still a mistake. DANIEL half-laughs.
84) 11) dialog: You didn’t mention your wife.
84) 18) dialog: You should go. DANIEL frowns. 94.
84) 20) dialog: Dan. DANIEL cuts himself off. LENA (CONT’D) I’m not interested in talking to you, or anything you have to say. Just get dressed and get out, will you? A beat. Then DANIEL stands. Starts to put on his clothes.
84) 22) dialog: No, Dan. It’s you too. LENA turns away, back to the window. CLOSE ON LENA’S FACE.
84) 23) dialog: This is never going to happen again. She shuts her eyes. Behind her, out of sight, we hear DANIEL leave. Then - - we hear THORENSEN’S voice.
85) 1) text: - LENA opening her eyes. Sees THORENSEN and RADEK. 95. DR VENTRESS is nowhere to be seen. RADEK looks terrified. And THORENSEN is leaning over LENA. Eyes wide, lips curle back over teeth. Holding her automatic rifle. Pointed at LENA’S head. LENA startles - waking fast. Sitting upright.
85) 2) dialog: +. What’s going on?
86) 1) text: - the view-finder POV of a CAMERA, as it POWERS UP. The camera is being handheld by RADEK, and is filming LEN and DR VENTRESS - - who are both tied to kitchen chairs. Wrists bound behin their backs. Ankles tied to the chair legs. Blood has run down LENA’S face from a cut inside her hair line. DR VENTRESS is bruised under the eye. THORENSEN stands in front of them, holding her gun.
86) 4) dialog: But Thorensen, I’m telling you - that’s all there is to it! He’s my husband. He was on the previous mission. He went in, came out, and was sick, and I needed to understand what had happened to him. I thought maybe if I knew what had damaged him, I could -
86) 18) dialog: .-. It can’t be Sheppard.
86) 20) dialog: I saw her body. Another sudden burst of screaming. This time, it sounds much closer, and within it, we can h words.
86) 23) dialog: She was dead! I saw her body!
86) 25) dialog: It can’t be real!
86) 33) dialog: Radek - untie me!
86) 38) dialog: (yells) Radek! Untie me NOW! RADEK finally reacts. Moves to LENA, pulling her KNIFE - - but too late. THORENSEN has pulled the dresser back, and pulled the doo open. It reveals the huge plant-enmeshed BEAR-CREATURE that kil her. Lit now in the light from the room. - is the huge shape of the plant-enmeshed BLACK BEAR. 100. Eyes reflecting light from the room as bright yellow disc Long thorns cresting over its head and shoulders. Oddly elongated claws, like a long hooks of a sloth.
86) 41) dialog: 
88) 1) text: RADEK sits on the porch of the house, slumped on a rottin wicker chair. Her chest is bandaged - but the bandage is soaked through with blood. Her skin looks like white wax. Her eyes open. She sees LENA sitting beside her. LENA holds a water bottle to RADEK’S lips.
88) 4) dialog: Gone, about half an hour ago. The coast isn’t far, so I’m sure she’1ll make it. The only real purpose of this expedition was to give her a chance to reach the lighthouse. Find out what’s inside, after all these years. 102. LENA pauses.
88) 5) dialog: I don’t much like her. But I’m glad she’1ll get what she wanted. A beat. Then RADEK glances at LENA.
88) 9) dialog: Yes. RADEK nods. Then pauses.
88) 14) dialog: Radek -
88) 16) dialog: Radek, please. Don’t ask me to do this. Silence. RADEK'S gaze remains fixed on LENA’S face. Eventually, LENA has to meet it.
89) 1) text: Sunlight in the statue garden. A few beats of quiet. Then the sound of a single gunshot. The retort slaps off the sides of the houses, then vanish into the forest. A few beats later, LENA appears. Face drained of colour and emotion. She stares at the foliate people. cur TO - - the statue garden. LENA has set all the figures on fire. She's watching them burn. And she’s howling with rage and grief. For RADEK, SHEPPAR THORENSEN, and KANE. Setting fire to the forest feels like revenge. From orange flames, wrapped around human forms - - cUT TO BLACK. 104.
90) 0) text: A long hook of beach, where the swamp gives way to the se Massively empty. Miles of undulating dunes, and the great flat ocean. Along the beach, strange shapes rise. Visually similar to the tumour-like growths on the plants buildings... ... but these are made of sand. Like massive termite moun as much as thirty foot high, morphed into spires and oddl organic abstractions. Only one other landmark can be seen. A couple of miles distant, seen through a blue haze of ai and sea spray. The LIGHTHOUSE. Slender, tall. And white - where one can still see of the original construction, behind the brightly coloured moss. Leading that direction, a snaking line of footprints are clearly visible in the damp sand. The trail left by DR VENTRESS. cur TO - LENA. Standing on the pale sands. Wind pulls at her hair. She looks down at her arm... ..+. where the BRUISE has now resolved into something immediately recognisable. The dark circle and blurred indication of patterns have become a TATTOO. 105. Exactly the same distinctive image that THORENSEN wore. The ouroboros. She touches it with her thumb, as half-expecting it might wipe away. And when she pulls her thumb away - - something moves in her flesh. Not just a flex. Much more fundamental. A bone, shifting and contracting. Or a muscle, worming its way to a new position. LENA closes her eyes.
92) 0) text: LENA stands on the beach. The LIGHTHOUSE is still a few hundred metres away. The area here is littered with bones and scraps of clothi The scene of a massacre, many years ago. Blown and blasted by the wind, sand, sun, and salt. The bones look like ivory. A bright red backpack has been bleached pink. The body beneath it has almost been completely submerged into the dune. LENA reaches down and picks up the top half of a skull. The back of the skull morphs into the star-shape of a vertebrae, as it had been fused with its own backbone. LENA drops it back on the sand. Then continues towards the tall white lighthouse building 106.
93) 0) text: From the top of the lighthouse, we watch LENA approach. Below, at its base, its door hangs open, swinging in the breeze, knocking gently against its frame.
94) 0) text: LENA enters the base of the lighthouse. Light filters down from the window, thirty metres above. It illuminates a round room, with some specific features. A wooden staircase winds up the circular wall to the top the structure. Abandoned on the floor, there is some MILITARY GEAR. A BACKPACK, surrounded by cannister-shaped GRENADES, and a RIFLE. Opposite where LENA enters, there is a TUNNEL in the floo about two metres in diameter. At its entrance, the wooden boards have been pulled up, and laid out as a kind of ram structure, leading downwards. INSIDE the tunnel something glows. The soft blue-green li of phosphorescence. Finally, in the middle of the room there is a VIDEO CAMER a tripod. The camera faces a long black scorch mark, risi up the curved wall, from a blackened heap on the ground. nature of the heap is unclear. It’s charred and fused bey all recognition. LENA takes this all in. Her gaze finally settling on the CAMERA. cuT TO -
105) 2) dialog: (whispers ) No. Her eyes flick to the blackened heap under the scorch mar Now able to make sense of the shape.
105) 3) dialog: No, no, no... She is interrupted by a sound. A distorted scream. Echoed and distant, as if having pass through passages and chambers. Female. DR VENTRESS. It’s coming from the torn up floorboards. The TUNNEL, tha leads down into bedrock. LENA looks to where the floorboards have been pulled up. To the tunnel entrance, and the soft blue-green light. LENA controls her fear. Knuckles white around the grip of her rifle.
106) 1) text: LENA makes her way down the tunnel, gun raised. 114. The walls continue the curve of the lighthouse above, and floor is sloping downwards - - which means the passage is corkscrewing into the ground It is unclear how the rock has been cleared. The walls, ceiling, and floor are made of smooth black rock, like obsidian. The rock is rippled, as if worn smooth by an ancient stre or lava flow. It is seamed with PHOSPHORESCENCE - illuminating everythi in the way that sea creatures light their way in the dept And the walls seem to be moving. Or gently undulating. The surface of the walls are covered in CILIA. Tiny anemo arms waving, caught in the flow of slow-moving water. The flow movement is down. Deeper into the tunnel. As if what lies inside is feeding on what lies outside, and bei channeled along a vein and capillary structure.
107) 1) text: As if from LENA’S POV - - we continue. And as we circle downwards, the ripples on the smooth bla rock walls become more pronounced. Then stop being random undulations... «++. and become FORMS. Organic. Embedded into the rock like fossils. First, there are fractal PLANT shapes. Leaf, branch, fern Then, in the flora, there are ANIMALS. The patterned armo of an alligator, or its teeth, of the fat swirl of tail. snout and claw of a bear. The curls of snakes. The feathe imprints of birds wings. And then - we start to see HUMANS. A torso. An arm. A face, trying to push out from between the other forms. Or finger tips, stretched out, as if try to grab or be grabbed. The tunnel has become a tableau. A boiling sea of people creatures - melded and frozen in black marble. 115. Animal into plant. Plant into human. Human into animal. And then - — movement. Treacle slow, but unambiguous. No longer frozen. No longe fossils. The walls are alive. Or the things inside them are not dead. And at the moment of that realisation - - the tunnel suddenly stops, and opens out into a CHAMBER
108) 1) text: The chamber is roughly semi-spherical. Three quarters of sphere, with the bottom levelled out into a floor. The sculpted forms of humans and animals continue across floor, but as they rise up the walls they taper into curv points. Either side of these points, the walls are glassy smooth. The arrangement is similar to petals, as if we are on the inside of flower before it has unfurled. The interior of vast lotus bulb. The very center of the chamber is particularly bright - because it is to here that the phosphorescent veins and channels all lead. And standing on this brightest point - - is DR VENTRESS. The doctor is internally lit. Cilia cover her skin like undulating fur. She shimmers gently. LENA hesitates in the entrance. She looks around. Up at the petal structure. Down at the energy feed beneath DR VENTRESS. Then back to the glowing figure of the doctor. LENA takes a step inside the chamber.
108) 2) dialog: «+. Doctor Ventress? 116. DR VENTRESS turns to LENA. She has the same expression as KANE when he appeared back home. Alzheimer’s-like. In her eyes there is confusion. But through the confusion, a vibrating sense of fear.
108) 3) dialog: Dr Ventress - what’s happened to you? DR VENTRESS hesitates. As if half-remembering.
108) 5) dialog: «+. It’s inside you?
108) 7) dialog: What is inside you?
108) 9) dialog: «+. Something alien?
108) 11) dialog: No - Through this - - she lifts her gun. Like a dream - - which shatters, the moment she squeezes the trigger and FIRES. BULLETS slam into the BEING. The rounds have an amazing effect. Where they hit the body, a hole expands, like a bullet in ballistic gelatine - but does not contract. Where they penetrate the body, they leave bright trails o emerald light, like sunlight through dust motes. For a moment, the BEING is poised in this state. Hugely misshapen. Speared with brilliant green. Then it EXPANDS. TRANSFORMS. And RESOLVES - - into a HUMANOID FIGURE. Sexless. Featureless. Having the arms, legs, of a human - man or woman. But nothing else. No eyes, or mouth, or nose, or muscle form. LENA is transfixed by the sight. The FIGURE turns to LENA. And we see its smooth facial area. Internally covering the skin like undulating fur, shimmeri: A beat, between the woman and the humanoid. LENA’'S weapon is out. She has no more clips. She starts to run. The HUMANOID observes her run. Then it starts to follow her. The first step is slow. The second faster. The third is as fluid and powerful as LENA. It starts sprinting.
109) 1) text: LENA sprints back up the tunnel. Stumbling over the shifting melded animal/human Crashing to the ground. Scrambling back up. cur TO - - the HUMANOID. In pursuit. 119. head and torso lit. Cilia ng gently. shapes. 120. And we see something strange happen. Where LENA fell and tripped - - the HUMANOID does exactly the same thing. Falling in the same place. In the same way. A simulacrum LENA’S action. cur TO - - LENA, reaching the TUNNEL exit. Climbing back up into the base of the lighthouse.
110) 0) text: LENA scrambles across the room - - towards the door to the LIGHTHOUSE. But she doesn’t make it. The HUMANOID simply appears in front of her, before she reaches the door. It is unclear how it got there. A frozen beat. Then LENA STRIKES the HUMANOID with all her strength. And moment later, in a mirror of her actions - - the HUMANOID STRIKES HER BACK - but with incredible pow LENA is sent flying backwards across the room. She collides with the CAMERA and TRIPOD. All skid across the room to the wall. But it has provided LENA with a weapon. As the HUMANOID reapproaches her, she picks up the TRIPOD and swings it l a club, smashing the camera against the HUMANOID’S head. And again, the HUMANOID mirrors the actions. Using its ar like a club. For a second time, LENA is sent hurtling back across the by the force of the impact. But this time towards KANE’S BACKPACK. She collides with it, and the PHOSPHOROUS GRENADES beside 121. And as she gets to her feet, the HUMANOID is again on her Standing directly in front of her. Featureless, eyeless, somehow watching. Utterly, infinitely more powerful than she is. For the first time, we see something beaten in LENA. Something broken.
110) 1) dialog: Please - She expects a killing blow. And flinches - - and the HUMANOID does the same. LENA sees. She immediately realises what we already know. The HUMANO is mimicking her. She is fighting herself. We can see her thinking: can this be true. The killing blow still hasn’t come. LENA lifts a hand. Fingers trembling with adrenaline and fear. And the HUMANOID’S opposite hand also rises. She pauses. The HUMANOID’S hand pauses. LENA’S hand starts moving again. Until - - she touches its cheek. An exact mirror of the gesture where she touched KANE'S f at the start of the film, when he appeared at their bedro at home. A beat. Then the HUMANOID raises its hand. LENA holds motionless, suspended, except for tight breath and trickling beads of sweat, as the softly glowing hand lifts to her face... --. Then - - lightly touches her cheek also. 122. And as it does so - - the HUMANOID starts another FOLDING TRANSFORMATION. Rippling, folding, collapsing. And this time, resolving itself as KANE. LENA gasps. For a moment, the two face each other. Then LENA opens her mouth to speak.
110) 2) dialog: ... Kane? Beat.
110) 4) dialog: (whispers ) I’m sorry. Then LENA pulls the pin. KANE mirrors. Soft ticking from the cannisters. 123. Seconds passing.
110) 5) dialog: (breathes ) Five, four, three, two — Then - LENA drops the grenade - - and throws herself sideways. KANE’S head turns, sees - - but he’s too late to fully react. LENA’S PHOSPHOROUS GRENADE DETONATES. And a moment later, so does KANE'S. The interior of the lighthouse is suddenly illuminated by stark white light. The route to the exit is blocked by the blaze. LENA scrambles for the STAIRS that spiral up to the top o the LIGHTHOUSE. Climbs upwards. Beneath her is LIGHT and SMOKE. In the brightness, we can glimpse the SHADOW SHAPE of the HUMANOID/KANE - shape-shifting in silhouette.
111) 0) text: LENA has reaches the top - a semi-circular balcony around old housing for the lamp. Below her is a fifty foot drop to the burning interior of lighthouse. The whole wooden structure of the building is starting to burn. She kicks out a window. The jump to the ground looks lethal. The lighthouse is ringed with a concrete platform. The only hope might be t sloping sand dunes, just beyond the ring of concrete, whi could take the deadly impact out of the fall. But the fire behind doesn’t give her a choice. Within a minute, her options will only be to jump or burn. 124. LENA takes a step back, to give herself the chance to run the window, and propel herself through with enough force reach the dunes. But as the steps back, she JOLTS. And TURNS. The HUMANOID is directly behind her. It’s burned. Horribly damaged. Locked into jittering transformations, none of which can quite resolve. Shadows of humans and creatures and alien forms flicker across it. All in expressions of agony. It is a TRULY NIGHTMARISH SIGHT. Reflexively, LENA screams. In its broken mirror state, the HUMANOID also screams. A maw appearing where a mouth might be. Then, as if with a final effort, it makes a FINAL TRANSFORMATION — - and resolves into LENA. A literal mirror image. Down to the finest detail. Their stances mirror each other. They are dressed identically. They are smeared with blood identically. And we have literally no way of telling who is who. A frozen beat. Then one LENA lunges at the other. Strikes. Impacts. And one LENA topples backwards, over the edge of the balc - falling down into the phosphorous blaze. The other watches. TIGHT ON HER FACE. As she watches herself fall. Blank. 125. Held. Face illuminated by the bleaching light. There is no clear indication as to which LENA lived, and which LENA died.
112) 0) text: WIDE on the burning LIGHTHOUSE. Long flames curl from the top window, into a plume of dar smoke. The sun is setting, and is clustered with the psychedelic colour refractions we always see through the Shimmer. Except that something is clearly happening. The movements and vibrations of the Shimmer are settling. And the colours are becoming less intense. Then all along the beach, the SAND STRUCTURES start collapsing. First one, then three, then seven. Then all together. Wind collects them as they fall. And as they fall, they REVEAL a figure walking across the sand towards us. LENA. cuT TO -
114) 0) text: - a STAR-FIELD in a night sky. Dense constellations. The Milky Way. Drift down. Past the MOON. To the SOUTHERN REACH FACILITY. And a lone woman walking out of the tree line, across the scrubland towards it. LENA.
114) 1) dialog: I want to see my husband. cuT TO -
115) 1) text: - a medical ward. LENA is walking down it, with a DOCTOR alongside, and two SPEC OPS SOLDIERS following.
115) 4) dialog: I'd like to see him alone.
116) 1) text: LENA enters. Closes the door behind her. 127. KANE looks round, and they lock eyes. Neither speak. After a moment, LENA goes to the WINDOW. Looks out at the NIGHT SKY.
116) 2) dialog: Are you Kane? Silence. Then KANE gives a slight shake of the head.