53) 8) dialog: You seeing that? You getting it on film? You got to get it! cuT TO -
55) 0) text: - the film restarting. A split second later, KANE is firing. Bullets hit the RED DOT. And the DEFORMED MAN drops. The video CUTS again. This time to the violent sway-motion of the CAMERAMAN running. The video CUTS again. Now the CAMERAMAN is crouched beside KANE who is by the corner of a building, who is hunched over as incoming rou hit the concrete. The firing is sustained - - then stops. Immediately KANE swings out and RETURNS FIRE. From somewhere nearby, over the noise of the firing we he screaming. Then PEYTON shouting:
55) 1) dialog: Cease fire! Cease fire! The video CUTS again. This time the CAMERAMAN is following SHELLEY. Now we’re in an interior. Which we recognise, as the video aperture corrects for th light - - as the BARRACKS. cuT TO -
57) 0) text: - SHELLEY and the CAMERAMAN walking the length of the barracks. Then into the SHOWER ROOM at the far end. There, they find KANE and PEYTON. Standing beside another man. His name is MAYER. And he’s handcuffed to one of the water pipes. KANE and PEYTON are arguing. Raised voices.
57) 2) dialog: We got to, Kane. MAYER starts pleading.
57) 4) dialog: We got to.
96) 0) text: - SHELLEY, lying in the grass, filmed by the CAMERAMAN. KANE and PEYTON stand either side. We can see that SHELLY has been shot in the chest. He’s not dead yet. He’s making a wheezing sound, as his punctured lungs collapse. Now that the camera is focused and steady, we can also se that SHELLEY has some extremely strange deformations. On his neck, there is a split, or opening. Effectively a large tracheotomy, shaped as a sideways mouth, running fr the concave skin above his collar bone to under his chin. Inside the mouth, where there might be a tongue, there is something fat and white and red. It looks like a skinned SNAKE. Air bubbles through the blood around it, and the SNAKE is writhing slowly. There are more deformations on SHELLEY'S arms. Each one i split, just below the elbow, into two. Each split has secondary protrusions, finger-like, at irregular intervals. PEYTON looks haunted. Jaw locked into a rictus.
96) 1) dialog: Oh God, Shelley... KANE cuts PEYTON off - - by lifting his gun and firing a quick burst into SHELLE In SHELLEY'S throat, the skinned SNAKE judders and contor Then stops moving. 108. KANE pulls at PEYTON’S shoulder.
97) 0) text: - the BEACH. KANE and PEYTON are standing on the sand, facing the ocea They appear to be waiting for something. After a few seconds, it appears. First, a disturbance in the water - as if caused by a qua on the seabed, a hundred metres from the shore. KANE jabs a finger.
98) 3) dialog: Killing it.
98) 5) dialog: Where the fuck you think it came from? He fires off another full clip.
98) 7) dialog: (to himself) Losing it. Oh man. Turns to face KANE and the CAMERAMAN.
98) 8) dialog: Have you two taken a look in the mirror recently? Or even a look at each other? Cause you really fucking should. PEYTON flips to his rifle’s underslung GRENADE LAUNCHER.
98) 9) dialog: Eat it, you son of a bitch! A hollow thump - as the grenade is fired. Then an explosion high in the air, like a firework, momentarily lighting up the sand and water. Then a moment of quiet. Waves lapping on the shore.
100) 0) text: — KANE and PEYTON. They're a little distance away from the camera, where the dunes get flattened by the tides. PEYTON seems to be having some kind of seizure. He’s on all fours, head dipped, with his spine buckling a he’s retching. KANE isn’t helping. He just holds his rifle. Watching. Then PEYTON lifts his head - - revealing there is something wrong with the shape of hi skull. At this distance, it’s hard to tell what. Some kin of deformation that has elongated his face. Some words are exchanged between them. A beat. Then KANE shoots PEYTON. cuT TO -