3) 7) dialog: Drac, what are you doing?
3) 10) dialog: Drac, Mavis says she’s been trying to call you!
3) 12) dialog: You gotta get one of these. She wants to video chat.
3) 21) dialog: I hear you.
6) 25) dialog: (aside) Wow. Is this behavior getting you sick, too?
6) 27) dialog: No. HT2-RS/AS 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 11.
6) 43) dialog: Wow, is it cursed?
12) 0) text: Wayne, in tennis whites, is instructing a male .
12) 1) dialog: Okay, so what you want to do is lift the racquet right on impact, so you get that nice topspin. Try and hit one. HT2-RS/AS 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 24. The bounces and hits the ball with his racquet. Wayne instinctively starts to BARK and wildly chases the ball across the court, derailing the lesson. Finally catches t ball and then furiously digs a hole in the clay court.
15) 13) text: MUSIC: UPBEAT KID’S MUSIC a la Laurie Berkner or - Dracula smiles as Mavis takes him into the nearest DOWN with Dennis. They walk into a place called KIDBOREE. HT2-RS/AS 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 28. - Mavis and Dracula sit within a circle of MOMMIES, all holding a giant PARACHUTE over the kids. Dracula obviousl thinks it’s nuts but plays along, as Dennis laughs. - Kids climb small ROCK WALLS. Dracula starts taking note - At a wildlife center, happy KIDS are passing a cute GUI PIG around. Dracula takes more notes. - Very quick shots of Dracula taking more notes at a musi class (kids banging tiny instruments), Swimming class (De loaded up with floaties, fins and kickboard) and a yoga c (mommies stretch with their kids). - Back at hotel, Dracula is cheerfully showing Johnny all notes. Johnny is trying to be encouraging. - Johnny and Dracula watch proudly as they direct Mavis a Dennis. Mavis holds a parachute over Dennis, the only student, as a YETI holds the rest. The Yetin»sneezes and absentmindedly grabs the parachute like a tissue. - Mavis and Dennis are in a circlesof Monsters and Kids w are passing around a BUNNY. Dennis passes Wayne the bunny he puts it in his mouth, but Mavis quickly stops him and Dracula removes the wet animal. - Dennis climbing on spikes...reveal they’re on the back LARGE MONSTER. A CHUBBY MONSTER KID climbs along but is t big. He grabs hard atvone spike and it comes off, sprayin pus everywhere. The Wolfpups charge in and wildly lick it off the floor. * - Dracula and Johnny carry Dennis over to a class marked “Yoga.” They» reach a stretching rack that a MONSTER KID being stretched on. Mavis enters from other side of frame quickly takes Dennis away. - Dracula gently places Dennis in the POOL, again loaded with floaties, fins, and kickboard. All is nice when a hu MONSTER HEAD emerges from the water and swallows Dennis. Dracula dives in and punches the Monster in the head. It opens his mouth and sticks out his tongue with Dennis and other scared KIDS sitting on it. As the Monster Head’s MONSTER MOM berates her son for misbehaving, the other Ki jump out. Dennis waves up to Mavis, who watches from pool with horror. Johnny smiles sheepishly next to her. +e * HF
18) 0) text: Dracula, Frankenstein, Griffin, Wayne, Murray and the Blo are all together shvitzing. Dracula is pacing.
18) 7) dialog: It’s Santa Cruz.
19) 0) text: A lavish moonlight barbecue by the dining area. Some HIDE MONSTERS with hairy thick bodies are hula dancing in skir and coconut bras. Dracula is barbecuing with apron “Dark Prince of the Grill”. Hovering at a nearby table are John Mavis, Dennis, Frank, Eunice, Murray, Griffin, Wayne, and Wanda.
19) 8) dialog: Hey, Mavis, honey, doesn’t Dennis want to sit at the kid’s table? CUT TO the WOLFPUPS - eating furiously from an ENORMOUS B served by a Zombie. Mavis guards Dennis from the havoc.
19) 29) dialog: Wanda and I always make sure we get alone time from the kids.
19) 32) dialog: Doesn't matter how hard they kick the door, that time is for us.
20) 21) dialog: Oh, brother.
20) 28) dialog: He’s dragging this out. I was trying to get out of here before my kids saw me with a suitcase. Suddenly the Wolfpups charge in and grab onto Wayne, tryi to pull him back in to the hotel. HT2-RS/AS 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 42. WAYNE (CONT’D) I’1ll be back soon! Daddy’s not going far!...See, now we’re never getting out of here.
20) 30) dialog: Man, I wish I could do that.
21) 3) dialog: We just strap our kids down with duck tape. The blob jumps in and squishes everyone inside the hearse
21) 10) dialog: What'd he say?
24) 7) dialog: More cost efficient and safer for Mother Earth!
25) 3) dialog: What??
25) 5) dialog: I just remember that saggy old naked guy.
25) 9) dialog: Why can’t we just call Vlad? HT2-RS/AS 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 48.
25) 15) dialog: First of all, you need to dial it down. Second of all, I’m not killing any people. I’m not gonna set monsters back again» just to make your kid like vampires. And thirdly, there’s nothing to kill here! It’s all been --
25) 18) dialog: (sigh) Great. You know, I haven’t done this in years. We don’t need to kill coyotes anymore. We have Pop Tarts.
25) 20) dialog: Oh, man... I’m too old for this. Okay... how’s it go again, ow-o00? No, that’s for the moon. I growl. That’s it -- growl, growl, pounce. Okay, here goes. GROWL!!! The Coyotes growl back fiercely and Wayne bolts. WAYNE (CONT’D) Forget it! The Coyotes head toward Wayne. WAYNE (CONT’D) Oh, you gotta be kidding me. Wayne runs back to the hearse. Dennis laughs really hard.
25) 22) dialog: The other way. Everyone dives into the hearse with him as the coyotes ru closer. The Blob dives into his scooter.
25) 26) dialog: I said I was rusty!
27) 9) dialog: Please don’t remind us!
29) 4) dialog: You gotta answer it. Dracula is struggling with his fingernails again.
33) 12) dialog: What’s it, Camp Vamp?
34) 10) dialog: I thought that was an elephant. Suddenly the CAMP DIRECTOR, a younger, new age vampire wi gentle, voice, approaches.
40) 17) dialog: Still not.
40) 22) dialog: He’s gonna fall to his death.
40) 35) dialog: Should we go down and help him?
41) 17) dialog: Hang up! You must've butt-dialed her.
42) 2) dialog: Okay. Don’t panic. There’s an app that can help us here.
42) 4) dialog: (scrolling) I just need a picture of the hotel. Ah! Got it! Looka that! Wayne shows Dracula that they are keyed into the backgrou photo of the hotel.
42) 19) dialog: No, no, no. Their background changes to a beach, a stock image from t app.
57) 3) text: HT2-RS/AS 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 108. Gasps from patrons, then screams as all hell breaks loose The Cronies start flying around, ransacking the lobby, including some stuff set up for the party, like the bounc house, sending Dennis’ Mean Kid Cousins flying. Our Monst watch helplessly, including Wayne, Wanda, Murray and Grif
57) 7) dialog: You can’t seriously be pulling this now.