15) 7) dialog: Dennis! I love you! Zing!
15) 9) dialog: I just love your yummy strawberry locks. Zing Zing! She pulls Dennis’ curly hair and flips him judo style.
15) 11) dialog: I’m gonnasmarry Dennis! Zing! Zing! Winnie runs back through DOGGY DOOR.
19) 13) dialog: You like my dress, Dennis?
19) 15) dialog: I wore it for you! Zing Zing! Winnie tackles Dennis, licking him like a dog as Mavis freaks. Dennis giggles, it tickles.
51) 40) dialog: Come on, Dennis, let’s get away from those snotty warm noses. Zing! Zing! They crawl under the table and walk off.
51) 42) dialog: Dennis, who are all these people? Why are they getting in between us?
51) 44) dialog: Whyyy!?!
51) 46) dialog: You're happy here! With me! She knocks him over again. HT2-RS/AS 3rd draft rev 4/11/14 95.
51) 48) dialog: No! You are perfect! Whether you have a hairy face or not! You're the nicest boy I know. And I have 300 brothers. Dennis takes this in. No one’s said it to him before.
51) 50) dialog: Come over here! She brings him to a window and points out toward the wood
51) 51) dialog: Look! Do you see it? DENNIS. What is it? It’s a small makeshift»doghouse deep in the woods.
51) 52) dialog: It’s a dog fort I made. We should run away together and live there. Forever.
51) 54) dialog: And we can have really weird babies.
53) 0) text: DENNIS is running as fast as he can, not in any direction deep into the WOODS. He looks teary eyed. Winnie yells at
53) 1) dialog: Dennis! The fort! Let’s go!
55) 0) text: Winnie leads Dennis into her Dog Fort.
55) 1) dialog: We'll be safe here. Forever. Dennis doesn’t say anything.
55) 2) dialog: Zing Zing?
58) 0) text: Winnie has brought Dennis into her dog fort. She shows hi row of CANS of Dog food.
58) 1) dialog: Don't be sad, Dennis. Look, I even packed snacks to sustain us here for years. + eH + eH
58) 4) dialog: If you think so, my zing. I’m right behind you! He gets up and she follows him as starts to hustle back albeit way slower than the Demonic Cronies. INT. BALLROOM —- MOMENTS LATER Mavis and Johnny are still looking for Dennis. The Cronie are jacking the Knights and make their way towards scream humans. Zombies try to defend and are wasted fast. They charge toward guests, ripping Ghost sheets from tables th was hiding humans. Monsters still try and defend - the Hu Fly buzzes around annoying a Cronys,The insanity busts ou ballroom and also partly into the lobby now. Now the Humans, including Johnny's family, start to battl the Cronies as well - getting weapons from the Suits of A and riding the Ghost Tables. They fight gallantly but onl Dracula is really able to neutralize a few, bailing the others out, and keeping the fight going. Vlad gets involv assisting his minions. Dracula uses his powers to block h repeatedly. They start telekinetically throwing things at each other. Then, suddenly, Dracula notices his powers ar gone.
59) 0) text: Dennis and Winnie get to the hotel and run in.
60) 0) text: Dennis and Winnie run into the lobby. With Dracula undone the Cronies are running wild, and actually starting to to around actual relatives and Monsters.