0) 4) dialog: (pulling Woody's string) You saved the day again, Woody.
0) 7) dialog: C'mon, let’s wrangle up the cattle. ~- Andy then rides Woody around on an RC (remote control) car, and herds the remaining “cow” boxes under Molly’s crib.
1) 0) text: -- Andy places Woody on the top of the stairwell banister allowing the doll to slide downstairs. Andy races ahead and catches him at the bottom.
2) 0) text: -- Andy & Woody fall into the La-Z-Boy chair and spin around and around. Next, Andy uses the La-Z-boy foot rest as a catapult. Andy flings Woody across the room to the sofa.
2) 1) dialog: (raising his arms) Score!
2) 3) dialog: Wow! Cool!
2) 5) dialog: Oh, this looks GREAT, Mom!
2) 6) text: MRS. DAVIS, Andy’s thirty eight-year-old mom, has just finished decorating the area with streamers and balloons. A banner is draped across the archway. It reads: “Happy Birthday Andy”. Woody's frozen face stares in the direction of the birthday decorations.
2) 7) dialog: Can we leave this up ‘til we move?
2) 9) dialog: Yeah!
2) 11) dialog: Okay. Andy picks up Woody from the couch and runs upstairs.
2) 12) dialog: It’s partytime, Woody! INT. ANDY’S BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS Andy and Woody enter the room. Molly is still banging Potato Head against her crib railing. Andy tips Woody's hat at her.
2) 13) dialog: Howdy, Little Lady! He deposits Woody on the bed and pulls his string one last time.
2) 15) dialog: (picking up Molly) C'mon, Molly. Oh, you're getting heavy! (to Woody) See ya later, Woody. Andy exits.
2) 74) text: But what if Andy gets another dinosaur? A mean one? I just don’t think I can take that kind of rejection.
2) 95) text: Eh, very good, Woody. That’s using the old noodle. Woody jumps up onto Andy‘s bed and turns to the Sargent on the nightstand.
3) 0) text: Andy's door creaks open and a lone army man ventures forth to make sure the coast is clear. Satisfied, he motions for the others to proceed. Squads of soldiers march into the hall carrying a baby monitor and a jump rope. The army men each leapfrog behind the stairway banisters and hold their positions while the Sargent surveys the scene below through his binoculars. ANGLE: SARGENT’S BINOCULAR VIEW OF DOWNSTAIRS Directly below, Mrs. Davis passes through the hallway rounding up Andy and all his birthday guests.
12) 1) dialog: Let’s go to my room, guys! The kids rush past the houseplant.
13) 6) dialog: Take that, Zurg! Woody is flung off Andy’s pillow and slides, unnoticed, down the gap between the bed and the back wall.
13) 11) dialog: Oh, yeah! The kids all run out as fast as they entered, SLAMMING THE DOOR behind them. °
13) 38) text: woOoDY Aaaaaaah! Whoa, hey, whoa, did I frighten you? Didn’t mean to. Sorry. Howdy! My name is Woody and this is Andy’s room. That’s all I wanted to say, and also, there has been a bit of a mix-up. This is my spot, see, the bed here -- While Woody is speaking, Buzz notices the sheriff‘s badge on Woody's vest.
13) 100) text: Oh, shut up! In a couple of days, everything will be just the way it was. They'll see... they'll see. I'm still Andy’s favorite toy.
13) 101) text: SONG: STRANGE THINGS plays over montage. INT. ANDY’S ROOM - LATER A) Andy plays with Woody: jumping up and down on the bed, running around the room. B) Andy sets Woody down on the floor. Next he “lands” Buzz Lightyear on the floor opposite Woody. Andy shoots Buzz’s laser at Woody and then smacks Woody across the room as if he’d been blown away by the laser. Cc) Andy runs into his closet wearing his cowboy hat and cowboy pajamas.
13) 103) dialog: Buzz Lightyear to the rescue. D) Woody observes all the cowboy-themed items in the bedroom transform to space motif: the posters, the drawings on the wall, the pillow, the bedspread. E) Buzz watches Rex execute a WIMPY ROAR. The space ranger suggests a few tips for the dinosaur. Rex tries again, this time giving a “JURASSIC PARK” ROAR. The roar blasts Potato Head’s features right off his face. F) Woody passes Etch-A-Sketch, who’s sporting a portrait of Buzz. Woody looks across the room to see Buzz combing Troll Doll's hair, chatting away like a hair dresser. Woody angrily shakes Etch, removing Buzz’s image. G) Rocky, Snake, Troll Doll and Rex are lifting Tinkertoys as weights. Buzz works out on top of an upside down Robot, using his feet as a treadmill.
13) 104) text: Potato Head attempts to lift his Tinkertoy barbell but ends up tumbling backwards, leaving his arms connected to the barbell. H} Woody looks under the bed for Slinky, finding only the checkerboard. Woody peeks around the corner of the bed to see Slinky and Robot, under Buzz’s direction, setting Buzz's “ship” up on top of ABC blocks for repair. In frustration, Woody kicks the checkerboard, sending the pieces flying. One of the checkers ricochets off the dresser and boomerangs into Woody's mouth. I) On Andy's bed, Buzz pets Slinky whose back end is stretched over to the other side where Woody sits. Slinky's wagging tail whacks Woody in the face repeatedly. Woody shoves Slinky’s rear end off the bed, leaving his front end no choice but to eventually follow. J) At bedtime, Andy loads his toys into the toybox until just Woody and Buzz are left. He deliberates as to which toy to keep and which to toss into the toybox. INT. ANDY’S ROOM - LATER THAT NIGHT Andy is sound asleep, with Buzz tucked under the covers next to him. Woody peeks out at them from the toybox and then sadly sinks back into the box, closing the lid to...
13) 106) text: The black screen splits horizontally to become... INT, ANDY’S BEDROOM - MORNING - WOODY’S POV OF THE
13) 185) dialog: To infinity and beyond!
13) 187) dialog: Pizza Planet?! 0h, cool! Andy throws the two toys on his desk with Buzz landing right on top of Woody.
13) 189) dialog: Can I bring some toys?
13) 196) text: The 8 ball is wedged way down near the bottom. The space is a black chasm, dark and deep, just big enough to fit...a toy. Woody looks across the desk at Buzz He is HUMMING TO HIMSELF as he forages through Andy’s pen/pencil tray looking for “tools” to repair his ship with. Right behind Buzz sits
13) 241) dialog: Okay, Mom, be right down. I’ve got to get Buzz.
13) 243) dialog: Mom! Do you know where Buzz is?
13) 247) dialog: But Mom, I can't find him!
13) 250) text: Okay... He grabs Woody and walks out of the room. EXT. ANDY‘S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS Andy exits the house dragging Woody as he heads toward the family van in the driveway.
13) 251) dialog: I couldn't find my Buzz. I know I left him right there.
15) 0) text: Andy sits in the rear seat with Woody lying next to him.
15) 1) dialog: Can I help pump the gas?
15) 3) dialog: Yeah?!
15) 5) dialog: (sarcastic) Yuk, yuk, yuk -- funny, Mom. With Mom and Andy out of range, Woody comes to life. He stares out the sun roof, still reeling from everything.
15) 9) text: Buzz! You’re alive! This is great! Oh, I’m saved! I’m saved! Andy‘1ll find you here, he’1l take us back to the room, and then you can tell everyone that this was all just a big mistake. Huh? No response from Buzz. Just an angry stare.
16) 6) dialog: Pizza Planet! Yeah!!! The van drives off.
20) 6) dialog: Mom, can I play Black Hole? Please, Please, please?! Woody turns around and through the video games he spots...
20) 7) dialog: standing with Mom and Molly in her stroller.
20) 10) dialog: Oh, it’s so cool... The family begins to walk away.
20) 15) text: The toys manage to get ahead of Andy. Woody peeks around the corner of one of the video games and waits for Mom and Andy to approach.
20) 66) text: From out of the darkness appears Sid on his skateboard. He is HUMMING to rock music from his walkman while carrying his backpack in his hand. Sid leaps off the skateboard and walks up the front path towards the front door. Through the open zipper, Buzz peeks out of the backpack to see Sid‘s house. He recognizes Andy’s house next door.
24) 0) text: Rex points a flashlight out of Andy’s bedroom window while Bo Peep, Slinky, Hamm and Potato Head look on. Some bushes rustle below.
24) 5) dialog: Mom, have you seen Woody?
24) 7) dialog: (searching the van) Right here in the van.
28) 5) text: Woody stops short. He looks down the hallway in the direction of Sid's room. ANGLE: SID’S BEDROOM WINDOW Woody can see straight out Sid's window across the way to Andy's bedroom window.
28) 29) text: We‘re gonna get outta here, Buzz -- Buzz? Buzz is not there. Woody looks down at the floor. Buzz is sitting on the floor, playing “bombs away” with his broken arm. EXT. ANDY’S WINDOW/SID‘S WINDOW The rest of Andy’s toys gather around the window to see Woody.
28) 106) dialog: (groggy) But what if we leave them behind?
30) 15) text: Why would Andy want you?! Look at you! You‘re a Buzz Lightyear. Any other toy would give up his moving parts just to be you. You've got wings, you glow in the dark, you talk, your helmet does that -- that whoosh thing -- you are a COOL toy. Woody pauses and looks at himself.
30) 27) text: can be seen pulling up in front of Andy’s house.
38) 9) dialog: (depressed) Bye, house. Buzz and Woody look in the direction of Andy’s house. ANGLE: ANDY’S DRIVEWAY - THE FAMILY VAN Through the fence, Andy and his family can be seen getting into the van.
39) 11) text: Suddenly, the family van and moving truck come to a stop at a traffic light.. Woody slams into the door, causing it to fly upward taking Woody with it. Hanging from the door, Woody scans the inside of the truck until he spots what he’s looking for. A PILE OF MOVING BOXES. with the words “ANDY’S TOYS” written on them in crayon.
40) 1) text: Woody rips into one of Andy’s boxes.
43) 0) text: With Mom and Andy preoccupied, baby Molly looks in her sideview mirror.
45) 0) text: Before anyone can notice, Woody & Buzz land in an open box in the back seat right next to Andy. Andy turns to discover the limp Buzz and Woody lying in the box.
45) 1) dialog: Hey! Wow!
45) 3) dialog: (picking up the toys) Woody! Buzz!
45) 11) dialog: Which one can I open first?
47) 0) text: A baby monitor sits wedged between some branches supported by several green army men. One of the soldiers turns it on. INT. - ANDY’S NEW BEDROOM The receiving end of the monitor is atop Andy‘s night stand. It CRACKLES WITH STATIC. SARGENT (0.S.; over the monitor) Frankincense this is Myrrh. Come in, Frankincense.
47) 1) text: Buzz sits on the edge of Andy’s bed while Hamm rests on the nightstand alongside the monitor. They listen intently.
47) 17) dialog: Oh, what is it? What is it?
47) 20) dialog: Wow! A puppy! We ZOOM BACK through the window to a CLOSE UP of Buzz and Woody. They look at one another with a half-smile, half-grimace and LAUGH WEAKLY. FADE OUT.