13) 24) dialog: We see Buzz as Woody does - an expensive looking space age action figure, covered with buttons and stickers from head to toe. The imposing “G.I. Joe-sized” doll stands heroically in the center of the bed, his back to Woody. Woody GULPS. Buzz comes alive and looks around.
13) 25) text: While he scans the bedroom a “DARTH VADER” LIKE BREATHING is heard. Buzz eyes it all suspiciously and pushes a button on chest.
13) 27) dialog: Buzz Lightyear to Star Command. Come in, Star Command. Nothing. He pushes the button again.
13) 28) dialog: Star Command - come in. Do you read me? {to himself) Why don’t they answer?!! Just then, Buzz catches sight of his ripped packaging. The box is designed to look like a spaceship.
13) 31) dialog: Blast! This‘1l take weeks to repair! Buzz flips open a plastic compartment on his arm -- his wrist communicator.
13) 32) dialog: Buzz Lightyear Mission Log. Stardate 4072: My ship has run off course en route to sector 12. I've crash landed on a strange planet. The impact must have awoken me from hyper-sileep. Buzz springs up and down on the squishy surface of the bed.
13) 33) dialog: {into communicator) ° Terrain seems a bit unstable... He taps the sticker of controls on his wrist communicator.
13) 34) dialog: (into communicator) No read-out yet if the air is breathable... and there seems to be no sign of intelligent life anywhere ~- ANGLE: BUZZ‘S POV THROUGH HIS HELMET Woody's face suddenly pops into view.
13) 36) dialog: 
13) 38) text: woOoDY Aaaaaaah! Whoa, hey, whoa, did I frighten you? Didn’t mean to. Sorry. Howdy! My name is Woody and this is Andy’s room. That’s all I wanted to say, and also, there has been a bit of a mix-up. This is my spot, see, the bed here -- While Woody is speaking, Buzz notices the sheriff‘s badge on Woody's vest.
13) 39) dialog: (de-activating his laser beam) Local law enforcement! It’s about time you got here. I’m Buzz Lightyear, Space Ranger, Universe Protection Unit. My ship has crash landed here by mistake. Buzz begins walking around the bed, surveying the situation. Woody tries to keep up. WOODY . Yes, it is a mistake, because, you see, the bed, here, is my spot.
13) 40) dialog: I need to repair my turbo boosters. Do you people still use fossil fuels, or have you discovered erystalic fusion?
13) 42) dialog: Watch yourself! ! Buzz shoves Woody down on the bed and re-activates his wrist laser.
13) 43) dialog: (continued) Halt! Who goes there?! The other toys are peeking over the edge of the bed.
13) 48) dialog: Alright, everyone. You're clear to come up. Buzz walks over to the toys.
13) 49) dialog: I am Buzz Lightyear. I come in peace. Rex steps forward and eagerly shakes Buzz’s hand.
13) 51) dialog: Why, thank you... (pulls away) Now thank you all for your kind welcome.
13) 53) dialog: I’1l show you. Buzz presses a button on his chest.
13) 54) dialog: Buzz Lightyear to the rescue! The toys all GASP IN AWE.
13) 59) dialog: Well... no, actually I’m stationed up in the Gamma Quadrant of Sector 4. As a member of the elite Universe Protection Unit of the Space Ranger Corps, I protect the galaxy from the threat of invasion from the Evil Emperor Zurg, sworn enemy of the Galactic Alliance. As Buzz speaks, Woody glances down at the box in which Buzz arrived. ANGLE: BACK OF BUZZ’S BOX There is a cartoon drawing of Buzz giving the exact, word-for-word spiel that Buzz is now giving.
13) 70) dialog: Toy?
13) 72) dialog: Excuse me, I think the word you're searching for is Space Ranger.
13) 77) dialog: Excuse me.
13) 81) dialog: They are a terillium-carbonic alloy and I CAN fly.
13) 83) dialog: Yes, I can.
13) 85) dialog: Can!
13) 87) dialog: I tell you, I could fly around this room with my eyes closed!
13) 89) dialog: All right, then, I will. (to toys) Stand back everyone! The crowd of toys make room for Buzz as he heads towards the edge of the bed and climbs up the bedpost. He poses like a high diver, shuts his eyes...
13) 90) dialog: To infinity and beyond!! and leaps off the bed.
13) 91) text: Buzz plummets straight down, hits a big rubber ball and bounces right back up. He then lands on a Hotwheels car, which races him down the track, through the loop, and off a ramp. Buzz soars upward into a plane mobile hanging from the ceiling. Buzz becomes wedged between the plane’s wheels. The impact turns on the PLANE'S MOTOR making it (and Buzz) spin around and around. All the other toys watch from the bed, mesmerized. Finally the centrifugal force causes Buzz to separate from the plane, sailing him across the room toward the bed. Buzz makes a perfect landing right in front of Woody and then opens his eyes.
13) 92) dialog: Can. The crowd of toys rush Buzz, CHEERING AND CLAPPING WITH ADORATION.
13) 95) dialog: Why, thank you. Thank you all. Thank you.
13) 101) text: SONG: STRANGE THINGS plays over montage. INT. ANDY’S ROOM - LATER A) Andy plays with Woody: jumping up and down on the bed, running around the room. B) Andy sets Woody down on the floor. Next he “lands” Buzz Lightyear on the floor opposite Woody. Andy shoots Buzz’s laser at Woody and then smacks Woody across the room as if he’d been blown away by the laser. Cc) Andy runs into his closet wearing his cowboy hat and cowboy pajamas.
13) 104) text: Potato Head attempts to lift his Tinkertoy barbell but ends up tumbling backwards, leaving his arms connected to the barbell. H} Woody looks under the bed for Slinky, finding only the checkerboard. Woody peeks around the corner of the bed to see Slinky and Robot, under Buzz’s direction, setting Buzz's “ship” up on top of ABC blocks for repair. In frustration, Woody kicks the checkerboard, sending the pieces flying. One of the checkers ricochets off the dresser and boomerangs into Woody's mouth. I) On Andy's bed, Buzz pets Slinky whose back end is stretched over to the other side where Woody sits. Slinky's wagging tail whacks Woody in the face repeatedly. Woody shoves Slinky’s rear end off the bed, leaving his front end no choice but to eventually follow. J) At bedtime, Andy loads his toys into the toybox until just Woody and Buzz are left. He deliberates as to which toy to keep and which to toss into the toybox. INT. ANDY’S ROOM - LATER THAT NIGHT Andy is sound asleep, with Buzz tucked under the covers next to him. Woody peeks out at them from the toybox and then sadly sinks back into the box, closing the lid to...
13) 112) dialog: Say there, Lizard and Stretchy Dog. Let me show you something. It looks as though I’ve been accepted into your culture. Woody looks up to see Buzz chatting with Rex and Slinky.
13) 113) dialog: (continued) Your Chief, Andy, inscribed his name on me. Buzz juts his foot out so that Slinky and Rex can see the sole of his boot. The name “ANDY” is written on it in permanent marker.
13) 116) dialog: Well, I must get back to repairing my ship. Buzz walks away. Woody looks at HIS foot -- “Andy” is written on it also but in a much more childish scrawl, and is largely faded.
13) 123) dialog: Unidirectional bonding strip. Robot turns towards Snake who stands in readiness by a tape dispenser.
13) 127) text: What are you talking about? (to Robot) Where’s that bonding strip?! Buzz rolls himself back under. Woody rolls him out again.
13) 129) dialog: Are you saying you want to lodge a complaint with Star Command?
13) 131) dialog: Don’t even think about it, cowboy!
13) 133) dialog: The air isn’t toxic. Buzz rises and points an accusing finger at Woody.
13) 134) dialog: How dare you open a spaceman’s helmet on an uncharted planet! My eyeballs could’ve been sucked from their sockets! Buzz closes his helmet.
13) 135) text: You actually think you’re THE “Buzz Lightyear?” Oh, all this time I thought it was an act! (to the room) Hey, guys! Look! It’s the REAL Buzz Lightyear!
13) 136) dialog: You're mocking me, aren’t you?
13) 138) dialog: Where? Buzz falls for the trick and turns around. Woody keels over with LAUGHTER.
13) 154) dialog: What’s going on?
13) 157) dialog: I'd better take a look anyway. Buzz grabs Lenny from Woody and looks through him.
13) 158) dialog: Why is that soldier strapped to an explosive device?
13) 161) dialog: Sure is a hairy fellah.
13) 165) dialog: You mean that happy child?
13) 168) dialog: Well, then we've got to do something! Buzz steps up onto the window ledge. The toys GASP IN SHOCK.
13) 171) dialog: I’m going to go teach that boy a lesson.
13) 173) dialog: Be careful with that, it’s extremely dangerous. While Woody and Buzz banter, Lenny witnesses Sid lighting the fuse of the M80.
13) 180) dialog: I could have stopped him.
13) 182) text: Buzz, I would love to see you try. (gesturing to Sid’s yard) ‘Course I'd love to see you as a crater. Sid CACKLES and dances around the crater.
13) 196) text: The 8 ball is wedged way down near the bottom. The space is a black chasm, dark and deep, just big enough to fit...a toy. Woody looks across the desk at Buzz He is HUMMING TO HIMSELF as he forages through Andy’s pen/pencil tray looking for “tools” to repair his ship with. Right behind Buzz sits
13) 198) text: Woody smiles for a beat and then runs ina Panic over to Buzz.
13) 200) dialog: Trouble?! (looking around) Where?!
13) 202) dialog: Then we‘ve no time to lose!! Buzz runs over and looks down the back of the desk.
13) 203) dialog: I don’t see anything! Woody picks up the remote for the RC Car and switches it on. RC’s eyes (headlights) open sleepily.
13) 205) dialog: What kind of a toy -- ? Buzz turns to see RC headed straight for him. He dives out of the way as the RC Car SMASHES into the base of...
13) 211) dialog: 
13) 257) text: (yelling out window) Buzz! The monkeys aren’t working! We’re formulating another plan! Stay calm! {beat) Oh, where could he be?
15) 9) text: Buzz! You’re alive! This is great! Oh, I’m saved! I’m saved! Andy‘1ll find you here, he’1l take us back to the room, and then you can tell everyone that this was all just a big mistake. Huh? No response from Buzz. Just an angry stare.
15) 11) dialog: I just want you to know that even though you tried to terminate me, revenge is not an idea we promote on my planet.
16) 0) text: Woody and Buzz hit the ground and roll under the van, locked in mortal combat.
16) 3) text: Owwwww! ! ! Woody pounds on Buzz’s chest with his free hand, activating BUZZ‘S SAMPLED VOICE buttons.
16) 8) dialog: Buzz Lightyear Mission Log. The local Sheriff and I seem to be at a huge refueling station of some sort -- Woody whips around, his expression changing from panic to seething anger. He charges at Buzz.
16) 12) dialog: (into wrist communicator) According to my nava-computer, the --
16) 14) dialog: Sheriff, this is no time to panic.
16) 16) dialog: My fault?! If you hadn’t pushed me out of the window in the first place --
16) 18) dialog: Don’t talk to me about importance. Because of YOU the security of this entire universe is in jeopardy.
16) 21) text: Right now, poised at the edge of the galaxy, Emperor Zurg has been secretly building a weapon with the destructive capacity to annihilate an entire planet. I alone have information that reveals this weapon’s only weakness. BUZZ (CONT‘D) (pointing at Woody) And you, my friend, are responsible for delaying my rendez-vous with Star Command. Woody explodes.
16) 23) dialog: You are a sad strange little man and you have my pity. Farewell. Buzz walks off.
16) 35) dialog: {continuing to walk away) Go away. Woody looks back at the delivery truck in desperation and then eyes...
17) 2) text: C’mon, man, hurry up. Um, like the pizza’s are getting cold here. Woody and Buzz eye the parked delivery truck from within the safety of a nearby oilcan display.
17) 3) dialog: Now you’re sure this spacefreighter will return to its port of origin once it jettisons its food supply?
17) 5) dialog: Well, then let’s climb aboard. Buzz makes a beeline for the passenger side door of the pizza truck. Woody chases after him.
17) 7) dialog: Negative. There are no restraining harnesses in the cargo area. We‘ll be much safer in the cockpit. In a flash, Buzz has scaled the front tire, grabbed the rear view mirror, and swung himself up and into the cab.
17) 13) text: {loud whisper) Buzz!
18) 0) text: Woody peeks through the dividing window into the cab. Buzz is hidden from THE PIZZA DRIVER’s view by a stack of pizzas in their insulated covers. Buzz prudently fastens his safety belt.
19) 2) text: After the driver leaves the truck, Buzz peeks out from the passenger window.
19) 7) dialog: Sheriff! Woody is gone. Just the toolbox and strewn trash.
19) 8) dialog: (continued) Sheriff? The toolbox falls on its side revealing Woody. He peels off the back of the truck and falls into a pile of trash.
19) 9) dialog: There you are. Now the entrance is heavily guarded. We need a way to get inside. Woody rises from the trash with a “MEGA-GULP” cup on his head.
19) 10) dialog: Great idea, Woody! I like your thinking!
20) 0) text: Woody and Buzz just make it inside but then freeze immediately as a GROUP OF KIDS run past, forcing the toys to pose as discarded trash. Once the coast is clear, Woody and Buzz resume walking. Buzz bumps into Woody.
20) 2) dialog: (mouthing with burger box) Sorry. They sneak in between two long rows of video games and throw off their disguises. They then take a good look at...
20) 4) text: Buzz is beaming with hope.
20) 5) dialog: What a space port. Good work, Woody. Woody is busy looking at all the children in the arcade, but none of the kids look familiar to him. Just then he HEARS...
20) 11) dialog: Now we need to find a ship that’s headed for Sector 12 -- Buzz is about to head off in the opposite direction when Woody grabs him and quickly pulls him down the video corridor,
20) 13) dialog: You mean it has hyperdrive?
20) 17) dialog: Where is it? I don’t see the -- Buzz stops short at the sight of...
20) 19) dialog: (continued) Spaceship.
20) 25) text: Buzz climbs over the partition that divides the deposit slot from the prize toys and leaps into a pile of...
20) 31) dialog: Greetings! I am Buzz Lightyear! I come in peace!
20) 35) dialog: This is an intergalactic emergency! I need to commandeer your vessel to Sector 12! Woody peeks over the partition to witness Buzz surrounded by the cute alien toys.
20) 36) dialog: (continued; to the aliens) Who’‘s in charge here? All the aliens point upward.
20) 38) text: The cla~a-a-a-a-a-a-a-w! ! Woody and Buzz look up.
20) 46) dialog: {loud whisper) What’s gotten into you, Sheriff? I was --
20) 50) text: It moves into position and hovers directly above the area where Woody and Buzz are hiding. The crane drops and grabs hold of the alien toy that is right on top of Buzz.
20) 57) text: Woody and the claw begin to have a tug-of-war with Buzz. Woody pulls down hard, forcing Buzz to sink into the pile of aliens, out of Sid’s view. sID {slamming his fist against the glass) Wha -- ? Hey!! Still tugging against the crane, Woody is almost out the door with Buzz. Just then, the aliens at the bottom of the pile pull Buzz and Woody back inside.
20) 66) text: From out of the darkness appears Sid on his skateboard. He is HUMMING to rock music from his walkman while carrying his backpack in his hand. Sid leaps off the skateboard and walks up the front path towards the front door. Through the open zipper, Buzz peeks out of the backpack to see Sid‘s house. He recognizes Andy’s house next door.
21) 0) text: Buzz, Woody and a squeeze toy alien are scrunched up in the backpack.
21) 1) dialog: Sheriff! I can see your dwelling from here! You're almost home.
22) 5) dialog: (whispering to Woody) I don’t believe that man’s ever been to medical school. Sid struggles for a moment with his “patient” then stops. SID (as NURSE) Dector, you've done it! {running to the door) Hannah? He opens the door. Hannah is standing there, looking worried.
22) 16) text: The creature extends its legs and rises up taller than Woody. Scared speechless, Woody keeps his flashlight beam locked on BABYFACE. Various other MUTANT TOYS begin to emerge from the shadows: a toy fishing pole with fashion doll legs, a skateboard with a combat soldier's torso screwed to the front end, a jack-in-the-box with a rubber hand for a head, (and others) - Woody leaps onto the bed and hides behind Buzz.
22) 18) dialog: They're cannibals! Woody retreats back into the backpack.
23) 0) text: Woody cowers in the corner as Buzz enters. He punches a button on his chest.
23) 1) dialog: May day! May day! Come in, Star Command! Send reinforcements!... (pause) Star Command, do you copy? No response. Buzz adjusts his laser light. It emits a short BLIP.
23) 2) dialog: (aiming his arm out the pack) I've set my laser from stun to kill. WwooDY Oh, great, great. Yeah, and if anyone attacks us we can blink ‘em to death.
24) 24) dialog: Woody, we don’t know what’s out there!
24) 28) dialog: Shield your eyes! Buzz fires his laser at them. The little red beam just flickers against Babyface’s head. The mutant toys look confusedly at each other.
24) 29) dialog: It’s not working. I recharged it before I left. It should be good for hours --
24) 31) text: Grabbing Buzz like a hostage, Woody fends off the mutant toys by pushing a large button on Buzz’s back, making Buzz's arm involuntarily “chop” up and down.
24) 33) dialog: Hey!! Hey! How are you doing that? Stop that!
24) 35) dialog: Woody, stop it!!
25) 6) dialog: Shhh! Buzz checks to make sure Scud is still asleep and then darts across the stairwell opening to the other end of the hallway. Once safely across, he motions for Woody to follow. Woody cowardly crawls on all fours across the epen area and meets up with Buzz. As he stands... WOODY‘S PULLSTRING RING gets caught on one of the curls of the wrought iron railing. The toys begin to creep down the hallway, unaware that Woody’s pullstring is being pulled farther and farther until -- It SNAPS off the iron railing and flies back towards Woody.
25) 11) text: (continued) ... We got to get this wagon train a movin‘! Woody and Buzz take off running.
25) 12) dialog: Split up! Two doors are ajar at the other end of the hallway. Buzz dives behind one while Woody jumps into... A CLOSET. Woody slams the door shut just as Scud reaches the top of the landing. CRASHES can heard from behind the closet door, getting Scud’s attention. Buzz peeks out from his doorway at Scud SNIFFING AND GROWLING at the closet. Sensing movement behind him, Scud whips around and starts to enter Buzz’s doorway.
25) 14) dialog: Star Command! Buzz opens up his wrist communicator and is just about to speak into it when he is interrupted.
25) 16) text: Buzz Lightyear responding! Read you loud and clear! Buzz turns around to see...
25) 21) dialog: Buzz reacts with confusion at what he is watching. He walks slowly towards the television set.
25) 23) text: The Buzz Lightyear doll is now out of the box and being displayed.
25) 32) dialog: It’s a secret mission in uncharted Space! Buzz presses the same button on his uniform.
25) 33) dialog: It’s a secret mission in uncharted space,
25) 36) dialog: To Infinity and Beyond! On the TV screen, the Buzz Lightyear action figure appears to be launched through the air. The words: NOT A FLYING TOY flash across the bottom of the screen.
25) 40) dialog: The image on the screen changes to a shot of hundreds of Buzzes in their boxes lining either side of a store aisle.
25) 41) text: Available at all Al’s Toy Barn outlets in the tri-county area. Buzz is stricken. He looks down at his wrist communicator and opens it.
26) 0) text: Buzz walks dejectedly out of the den and down the hallway. As he passes the top of the stairwell he pauses to look up through the railing at...
26) 4) dialog: To Infinity and Beyond! Buzz leaps off the banister... and falls. In SLOW MOTION Buzz watches his square of blue sky pull farther away from him as he plummets to the floor below.
27) 5) dialog: He is seated at the miniature table, dressed up in a frilly apron and fashionable party hat.
27) 15) dialog: Gone! It’s all go-o-one! All of it’s gone. Bye-bye! Whoo-hoo! See yal Woody picks up Buzz’s severed arm.
27) 17) dialog: One minute you’re defending the whole galaxy... (pointing at other dolls) . and suddenly you find yourself suckin’ down Darjeeling with Marie Antoinette and her little sisters. The headless dolls turn and wave. - er - Woody removes the teapot from the severed arm and sets it on the table.
27) 19) dialog: (grabbing Woody) Don’t you get it?! You see the hat? I am Mrs. Nesbit!! (hysterical laughter)
27) 21) dialog: (sober) I'm sorry. You‘re right.
28) 1) dialog: (continued) ...I’m just a little depressed, that’s all. I can get through this. Buzz reaches the center of the hallway and drops to his knees.
28) 2) dialog: Oh, I’m a sham!!
28) 4) dialog: Look at me! TI can’t even fly out of a window!
28) 6) dialog: {continued) But -- the hat looked good. Tell me the hat looked good! The apron is a bit much, it’s not my color...
28) 9) dialog: Years of Academy training... wasted!! EXT. ANDY’S HOUSE/ANDY’S BEDROOM WINDOW Mr. Potato Head and Hamm are playing Battleship. Hamm’s wearing Potato Head@‘s hat.
28) 29) text: We‘re gonna get outta here, Buzz -- Buzz? Buzz is not there. Woody looks down at the floor. Buzz is sitting on the floor, playing “bombs away” with his broken arm. EXT. ANDY’S WINDOW/SID‘S WINDOW The rest of Andy’s toys gather around the window to see Woody.
28) 83) dialog: He is sitting up, his broken arm now newly-attached. Woody's anger turns to confusion.
30) 0) text: Sid is in bed fast asleep. Woody struggles to move his milkcrate jail, but with the weight of the toolbox on top it won’t budge. Woody looks across the desktop at Buzz sitting dejectedly with the rocket strapped to his back.
30) 4) text: Oh, come on, Buzz. I... Buzz, I can’t do this without you. I need your help.
30) 5) dialog: I can‘t help. I can‘t help anyone.
30) 7) dialog: Andy’s house. Sid‘s house. What's the difference.
30) 9) dialog: No, Woody, for the first time I am thinking clearly. {looking at himself) You were right all along. I’m not a Space Ranger. I’m just a toy. A stupid little insignificant toy.
30) 11) dialog: Yeah, right.
30) 13) dialog: But why would Andy want me?
30) 15) text: Why would Andy want you?! Look at you! You‘re a Buzz Lightyear. Any other toy would give up his moving parts just to be you. You've got wings, you glow in the dark, you talk, your helmet does that -- that whoosh thing -- you are a COOL toy. Woody pauses and looks at himself.
30) 21) dialog: He is on top of the milkcrate, trying to push the tool box off.
30) 23) dialog: Come on, Sheriff. There’s a kid ever in that house who needs us. Now let’s get you out of this thing.
30) 28) dialog: Woody! It’s the moving van.
30) 31) dialog: -.. almost (GRUNT)... there (GRUNT)... Woody looks up just in time to see the entire toolbox and milkcrate topple towards him.
30) 34) dialog: Woody! Woody?! Are you alright?! Woody lifts himself out from under the rubble.
31) 0) text: Sid comes out of the shed carrying a bunch of materials under his arm. SID (as ASTRONAUT) Houston to Mission Control. Come in, Control. He drops the junk down beside an inanimate Buzz.
37) 5) dialog: (loud whisper) Woody?! Great! Help me out of this thing! Woody stops a few feet away from Buzz.
37) 7) dialog: What?!
37) 9) dialog: Woody?! What are you doing?!
37) 10) text: Sid emerges from the tool shed. Buzz freezes. SID (as ASTRONAUT) Houston, all systems are go. Requesting permission to launch -- (spotting Woody) Hey! How'd you get out here? Sid picks up Woody, examines him for a beat and then smiles. sID Oh, well, you and I can have a cookout later. Ha-ha-ha... . He sticks a match prominently in Woody’s holster and tosses him onto the grill of an open barbecue. SID (as ASTRONAUT) Houston, do we have permission to launch? -- (simulated static) Uh, Roger, permission granted. You are confirmed at T minus 10 seconds... During Sid’s countdown, all the mutants scurry into their final positions. Sid lights a match. sID (continued) ... and counting. Ten! Nine! Eight! Seven! Six! Five! Four! Three! Two!... One!... Sid grins menacingly as the match moves towards the fuse.
38) 5) dialog: Woody! Woody turns around and looks at Buzz, who’s still affixed to Sid’s launchpad. Buzz extends his hand to Woody.
38) 6) dialog: Thanks. They shake.
38) 10) dialog: Woody! The van! Woody quickly hoists Buzz off the pole he was tied to.
38) 14) dialog: Just go! I’11 catch up! Woody jumps down and runs back for Buzz. The van begins pulling out of the driveway. Woody tugs on a loosened slat and breaks Buzz free of the fence. The two toys run out into the street just in time to see the van driving off down the street.
38) 16) text: drives right over them. Woody and Buzz SCREAM, ducking just in time. After the truck passes, Buzz runs after it with Woody a few steps behind. .
38) 17) dialog: Come on! ANGLE: SID’S FRONT PORCH Scud is lying on the porch when he suddenly perks up at the sight of the two tiny toys running down the street after the moving truck. Scud bears his teeth and GROWLS.
39) 0) text: Buzz runs up close to the truck with Woody still back a few paces.
39) 3) dialog: You can do it, Woody. Woody gives a mighty leap and catches hold of the strap.
39) 6) dialog: Hold on, Woody!
39) 8) dialog: 
40) 0) text: Scud flings Buzz off his face. Buzz goes tumbling under a parked car. Scud runs over to the car, but is too big to get under it.
40) 17) text: It changes red again and the wall of cross traffic resumes. Buzz and the RC Car drive straight into it. Scud blindly follows them into the traffic and skids to a halt just missing a car. The car swerves and CRASHES into another car. Soon there is a multi-car pile up that encircles Scud, entrapping the dog. Buzz and the RC Car emerge from the intersection safely cn the other side.
42) 2) dialog: come barreling towards him.
42) 3) dialog: Who-o-o-oa! Woody! The RC Car sweeps up Woody and keeps driving. Woody finds himself sitting in front of Buzz (still holding the remote.)
42) 5) dialog: (pointing ahead) Look out!! The toys are about to slam into the rear tire of the car that had passed over Woody earlier. Woody SCREAMS and gives the steering wheel on the remote a hard left, missing the tire by inches. The RC Car moves up under the car.
42) 8) text: The toys are busy CONGRATULATING one another when Lenny, the wind-up binoculars, glances out the back and spots Buzz & Woody.
42) 10) text: Guys! Guys! Woody’s riding RC! And Buzz is with him!
42) 19) dialog: Look out!! The RC Car pulls back just before the heavy ramp slams into the road. Sparks fly everywhere from the metal scraping the pavement.
42) 21) text: Slinky’s front end to jump off the truck and onto the ramp. Slinky leans forward with his paw outstretched to Woody. Woody hands the remote to Buzz and leans forward to grab Slinky‘s hand. ANGLE: WOODY & SLINKY’S HANDS They grab hold of one another.
42) 26) dialog: The batteries! They’re running out! RC’s headlight eyes sag. The car slows even more. As Slinky continues stretching. The RC Car begins to weave side-to-side like a water skier. “SLINKY Whoa! Whoa! Whoa!
43) 1) text: The RC CAR (w/ Woody and Buzz) weaves into view and then back out. Molly SQUEALS with delight.
43) 8) dialog: Woody! The rocket!
43) 14) dialog: Woody?! What are you doing?
43) 17) dialog: You did it! Next stop. Andy. Woody jumps back onto the car then suddenly stops smiling.
43) 23) text: Look! Look! It's Woody and Buzz! Comin’ up fast! The toys run to the opening and CHEER.
43) 24) text: The rocket is so strong that it begins to lift Buzz and Woody off the RC Car. Woody manages to continue holding onto RC -- but not for long. The toys CHEERING turns to SCREAMING as they rush to get out of the way of the oncoming “RC rocket’.
44) 2) dialog: Not today! Buzz confidently presses the button on his chest.
44) 5) text: Just then Buzz banks under some power lines and soars upward again. Woody takes a peek. They’re flying.
44) 7) dialog: This isn’t flying. This is falling -- with style!
44) 10) dialog: We‘re not aiming for the truck!
44) 11) text: Buzz & Woody fly right over the van’s sun roof and then drop into the car.
45) 0) text: Before anyone can notice, Woody & Buzz land in an open box in the back seat right next to Andy. Andy turns to discover the limp Buzz and Woody lying in the box.
47) 1) text: Buzz sits on the edge of Andy’s bed while Hamm rests on the nightstand alongside the monitor. They listen intently.
47) 11) dialog: Quiet everyone, quiet!. SARGENT (0.S.; over monitor) Molly's first present i-i-is...Mrs. Potato Head. Repeat. A Mrs. Potato Head.
47) 15) dialog: (defensively) Me? No, no, no, no... (beat) Are you?