13) 104) text: Potato Head attempts to lift his Tinkertoy barbell but ends up tumbling backwards, leaving his arms connected to the barbell. H} Woody looks under the bed for Slinky, finding only the checkerboard. Woody peeks around the corner of the bed to see Slinky and Robot, under Buzz’s direction, setting Buzz's “ship” up on top of ABC blocks for repair. In frustration, Woody kicks the checkerboard, sending the pieces flying. One of the checkers ricochets off the dresser and boomerangs into Woody's mouth. I) On Andy's bed, Buzz pets Slinky whose back end is stretched over to the other side where Woody sits. Slinky's wagging tail whacks Woody in the face repeatedly. Woody shoves Slinky’s rear end off the bed, leaving his front end no choice but to eventually follow. J) At bedtime, Andy loads his toys into the toybox until just Woody and Buzz are left. He deliberates as to which toy to keep and which to toss into the toybox. INT. ANDY’S ROOM - LATER THAT NIGHT Andy is sound asleep, with Buzz tucked under the covers next to him. Woody peeks out at them from the toybox and then sadly sinks back into the box, closing the lid to...
13) 140) dialog: Yessss! Ah, ha, ha, ha...
13) 147) text: ...Incoming! From out the window, SID PHILLIPS, a hyperactive ten- year-old, and his dog, SCUD, can be roughly made out jumping around in their backyard. A tiny figure stands isolated in the center of the yard. Sid pummels the figure with rocks while Scud strains at his leash, barking wildly.
13) 153) dialog: (plays under the next 5 lines) Just stay where you are, Corporal! Don’t move, Carl. You’ll blow up. I know you're tired! I know your leg is cramping, but you can’t move. Do you hear me? Buzz breaks through the crowd.
13) 175) dialog: 
13) 179) dialog: Yes! He’s gone! He’s history! Andy's toys peek over the window sill. ANGLE: SID‘’S YARD A large black scorch mark is all that remains where Combat Carl once stood. Sid jumps up and down victoriously while Scud resumes his BARKING.
13) 182) text: Buzz, I would love to see you try. (gesturing to Sid’s yard) ‘Course I'd love to see you as a crater. Sid CACKLES and dances around the crater.
20) 0) text: Woody and Buzz just make it inside but then freeze immediately as a GROUP OF KIDS run past, forcing the toys to pose as discarded trash. Once the coast is clear, Woody and Buzz resume walking. Buzz bumps into Woody.
20) 34) text: Woody clambers up the side of the deposit slot.
20) 43) dialog: (laughter) Woody GASPS at the recognition of Sid’s voice. He turns to see Sid heading straight for the crane game .
20) 53) dialog: Gotcha! With the alien gone, Buzz's upper torso becomes exposed, forcing the space ranger to freeze. Sid suddenly spots Buzz.
20) 54) dialog: A Buzz Lightyear! No way! Woody, still hidden, frantically looks around for some way to escape. Behind him, through the aliens, he eyes...
20) 57) text: Woody and the claw begin to have a tug-of-war with Buzz. Woody pulls down hard, forcing Buzz to sink into the pile of aliens, out of Sid’s view. sID {slamming his fist against the glass) Wha -- ? Hey!! Still tugging against the crane, Woody is almost out the door with Buzz. Just then, the aliens at the bottom of the pile pull Buzz and Woody back inside.
20) 63) dialog: Alright! Double prizes! Woody and Buzz are dropped into the prize slot and snatched up by Sid.
20) 64) dialog: (looking at his two new toys) Let’s go home and...play. Ha-ha-ha. ANGLE: CLOSEUP OF SKULL ON SID’S T-SHIRT
20) 66) text: From out of the darkness appears Sid on his skateboard. He is HUMMING to rock music from his walkman while carrying his backpack in his hand. Sid leaps off the skateboard and walks up the front path towards the front door. Through the open zipper, Buzz peeks out of the backpack to see Sid‘s house. He recognizes Andy’s house next door.
21) 4) dialog: Hey, I got somethin’ for ya, boy. Sid‘s hand reaches into the backpack.
21) 7) dialog: Hannah! Hey, Hannah!!! Woody and Buzz glance up to see HANNAH, Sid’s frail little sister, carrying her Janie Doll.
21) 9) dialog: Did I get my package in the mail?
21) 12) dialog: (mock concern) Oh no, Hannah!
21) 14) dialog: Look! Janie! He grabs the doll.
21) 16) dialog: She’s sick!
21) 19) dialog: I’ll have to perform one of my... operations!
22) 0) text: Sid races to his bedroom door. Hannah is right behind.
22) 6) dialog: (continued) Janie’s all better now. He hands her Janie -- her head has been replaced with a pterodactyl‘s. Hannah SCREAMS at the sight of the monstrosity and bolts down the hallway.
24) 18) dialog: Alright!! Sid runs out of the room. As soon as he’s gone, Woody jumps up SCREAMING, his forehead burning. He runs to a bowl of half-eaten cereal (with milk) on the floor, and dunks his head in. Buzz runs over to Woody, pausing to remove two suction cup darts from his person before pulling Woody out of the bowl. Two colorful Froot-Loops stick to each of Woody’s eyes like glasses. Buzz Are you alright? (whacking him on the back} I'm proud of you, Sheriff. A lesser man would have talked under such torture. Woody looks at his reflection in the back of the cereal spoon and rubs the burn mark on his forehead.
24) 22) text: Sid's bedroom door can be seen in the reflection. It‘s open.
25) 42) text: Molded on the underside of the cover are three words: “MADE IN TAIWAN’. SONG: “I WILL GO SAILING NO MORE” BEGINS
28) 5) text: Woody stops short. He looks down the hallway in the direction of Sid's room. ANGLE: SID’S BEDROOM WINDOW Woody can see straight out Sid's window across the way to Andy's bedroom window.
28) 29) text: We‘re gonna get outta here, Buzz -- Buzz? Buzz is not there. Woody looks down at the floor. Buzz is sitting on the floor, playing “bombs away” with his broken arm. EXT. ANDY’S WINDOW/SID‘S WINDOW The rest of Andy’s toys gather around the window to see Woody.
28) 47) text: He doesn’t respond, preoccupied with peeling off the sticker on his wrist communicator. He crumples it up and tosses it aside.
28) 89) dialog: Not now, Mom, I‘m BUSY!
28) 93) dialog: It came! It finally came! Sid runs over to his workbench and rips open the box.
28) 94) dialog: (reverently) The big one. He pulls out a rocket with “THE BIG ONE” written on it.
28) 95) dialog: (reading the rocket label) “Extremely dangerous. Keep out of reach of children.” COOL... (looks around) What am I gonna blow? Man... hey, where‘s that wimpy cowboy doll?
28) 96) text: Sid spots the milkcrate and picks it up. No Woody.
28) 97) text: Out of Sid's view, Woody presses against the inside, hanging on for dear life.
28) 99) dialog: Yes! I’ve always wanted to put a spaceman into orbit. Ha-ha. He places Buzz and the milkcrate on the workbench. and throws a toolbox on top of the crate. The impact of the toolbox dislodges Woody from his hiding place. Woody quickly ducks under a magazine on the floor of the crate “jail”. Woody watches helplessly as Sid fishes out a roll of electrical tape from the toolbox and, with an IRREVERENT CHUCKLE, tapes Buzz to the rocket
28) 101) dialog: Oh, no... Sid crosses to the window to see a huge rainstorm commence. Sullenly, he smacks his head against the window.
28) 102) dialog: Aw, man... ! Woody heaves a SIGH of relief. Suddenly Sid’s face brightens. He turns his focus from the rain to the Buzzrocket. SID (as NEWSCASTER) Sid Phillips reporting. Launch of the shuttle has been delayed due to adverse weather conditions at the launch site. Tomorrow’s forecast...
28) 104) dialog: Sunny. Ha-ha-ha. Sweet dreams. INT. ANDY’S ROOM - THAT NIGHT. Andy is being tucked into bed by his mother. She hands him his cowboy hat.
29) 0) text: THUNDER RUMBLES as rain. pours down outside the spooky dwelling.
30) 0) text: Sid is in bed fast asleep. Woody struggles to move his milkcrate jail, but with the weight of the toolbox on top it won’t budge. Woody looks across the desktop at Buzz sitting dejectedly with the rocket strapped to his back.
30) 33) dialog: {in his sleep) I wanna ride the pony... Sid does not wake. Buzz heaves a SIGH OF RELIEF, then peers over the edge of the workbench.
30) 37) dialog: Oh, yeah! Time for lift-off! Sid jumps out of bed, grabs Buzz and bolts out of the room.
30) 38) dialog: 
31) 0) text: Sid comes out of the shed carrying a bunch of materials under his arm. SID (as ASTRONAUT) Houston to Mission Control. Come in, Control. He drops the junk down beside an inanimate Buzz.
32) 0) text: Ducky and Legs come to an intersection. Ducky QUACKS and they head down the right tunnel. INT. SID’'S ROOM
36) 2) text: Hannah looks back inside at Scud. In that moment, Ducky catches The Frog and is quickly reeled upwards back into the roof. Scud bursts through Hannah's legs, knocking her over, and runs out onto the empty porch.
37) 2) text: SID (O.S.; as ASTRONAUT) Uh, Mission Control...is the launchpad construction complete? -- (simulated static) Uh, Roger, rocket is now secured to guide wire. We are currently obtaining the...ignition sticks. Countdown will commence momentarily. Stand by -- (simulated static) Ducky, Legs, and The Frog shoot out into the yard from a drain pipe. They exchange a thumbs-up with Woody.
37) 4) dialog: Hey, Mom?! Where are the matches? Oh, oh, wait, here they are. Nevermind... Woody runs towards Buzz, who spots Woody approaching.
37) 10) text: Sid emerges from the tool shed. Buzz freezes. SID (as ASTRONAUT) Houston, all systems are go. Requesting permission to launch -- (spotting Woody) Hey! How'd you get out here? Sid picks up Woody, examines him for a beat and then smiles. sID Oh, well, you and I can have a cookout later. Ha-ha-ha... . He sticks a match prominently in Woody’s holster and tosses him onto the grill of an open barbecue. SID (as ASTRONAUT) Houston, do we have permission to launch? -- (simulated static) Uh, Roger, permission granted. You are confirmed at T minus 10 seconds... During Sid’s countdown, all the mutants scurry into their final positions. Sid lights a match. sID (continued) ... and counting. Ten! Nine! Eight! Seven! Six! Five! Four! Three! Two!... One!... Sid grins menacingly as the match moves towards the fuse.
37) 12) dialog: Huh? Sid pulls back from lighting the fuse. He turns to look at Woody still lying lifelessly atop the barbecue except for the sound emitting from his voice box.
37) 14) text: This town ain’t big enough for the two of us! sID What?! Sid walks over to Woody and picks him up.
37) 16) dialog: It’s busted. He raises Woody up, about to throw him away --
37) 19) dialog: W-w-w-we?
37) 22) text: From now on, you must take good care of your toys. Because if you don’t, we'll find out, Sid. We toys can see... Woody’s inanimate head rotates 360 degrees.
37) 25) dialog: 
38) 0) text: Hannah has just come downstairs carrying a new doll when Sid rushes up to her.
38) 1) dialog: The toys! The toys are alive! Sid eyes Hannah‘s doll and pats it gently on the head. sID (continued) N-N-Nice dolly... Hannah, sensing Sid’s fear, suddenly thrusts the doll in Sid's face. He SCREAMS and runs upstairs. Hannah chases after him, taunting.
39) 11) text: Suddenly, the family van and moving truck come to a stop at a traffic light.. Woody slams into the door, causing it to fly upward taking Woody with it. Hanging from the door, Woody scans the inside of the truck until he spots what he’s looking for. A PILE OF MOVING BOXES. with the words “ANDY’S TOYS” written on them in crayon.
40) 17) text: It changes red again and the wall of cross traffic resumes. Buzz and the RC Car drive straight into it. Scud blindly follows them into the traffic and skids to a halt just missing a car. The car swerves and CRASHES into another car. Soon there is a multi-car pile up that encircles Scud, entrapping the dog. Buzz and the RC Car emerge from the intersection safely cn the other side.
43) 0) text: With Mom and Andy preoccupied, baby Molly looks in her sideview mirror.
46) 0) text: One of the Christmas bulbs moves aside to reveal...
47) 1) text: Buzz sits on the edge of Andy’s bed while Hamm rests on the nightstand alongside the monitor. They listen intently.