36) 1) text: % State Trooper vehicie pulls ur: Captain Kern gets out anc goes to the First Lic tent.
37) 0) text: An attendant works on Teasle's cuts end scrapes. He's chanceé his clothing. kern enters.
37) 2) dialog: Only gooé thine tc come out cf this mess is the business they're ‘in town. Reporters are nkin' the place dry.
37) 4) text: Kern studies Teasle closely, shakes his head.
37) 5) dialog: (continuing) Will, you look like you're ready -to keel over. Why don't you go home -- it's my problem now.
37) 11) dialog: You overstepped, Will, If you'd called me in the first place ~--
37) 13) dialog: (snaps) Just finish up what you're doing. Teasle's eyes are glued grimly on the ambulances that are driving up to take his men.
37) 14) dialog: Why Gidn't you leave the kid alone in the first place?
37) 16) dialog: What did you do Will?
37) 18) dialog: You seem pretty well motivateé on this one.
37) 20) dialog: I hear you...Jisten Will, I got 25 men I could bring in from Monroe. An appreciative look from Teasle - an amalgamation of forces. Lester unobtrusively enters the room, (CONTINUED)
37) 37) dialog: Assholes.
37) 49) dialog: Yours?
45) 0) text: turns to find Teasle coming after him, Kern follows. TEASLE . I'm not sure just which side you're on. Maybe you're here to cover your ass. But if you're serious about taking him out clean, come with me. He walks off, beckoning Trautman to follow. 223 224 FIr$T BLOOD - Rev. 1/6/82 : €1a.
46) 3) text: In the backgounc, we see Trautman, Teasie and Kern epprcacning.
46) 7) dialog: He has to be listening. If I was in his position, I'd try and pick up some information, maybe catch some cross talk.
50) 0) text: He teers into the mine's entrance end moves cuickly dovm a long tunnel. He snatches a snall makeshifec torch and lights it in the low burning fire. Meow Le yo nes atthyet at wees w: A ngs the hi rus, ights “cast tent ang ith Kern he entrance.* m coversing w veir’ flashl T. communicatio: be see. rive’a h ‘can &. x
81) 0) text: Rambo is escorted out of the Police Station by Trautman followed by Kern and Guard. They reach the bottom of the stairs where Teasle is being attended to by ambulance men. They walk down the street, where the National Guard and Police have surrounded the building. Rambo looks at the National Guard and Troopers as he walks to the jeep. They watch him, Trautman an@ Rambo cet in the jeep. They drive away. The Trocpers anc ambulance leave and begin to resume orde