2) 0) text: within-eershotofshe-approzching convoy, we see the solitary figure of the kid on the highway shoulder, walking TOWARD US. His jeens and Levi jacket are faded; on the back is an American flag. He wears paratrooper boots that he tucks his pants into. He cerries 2 rolled-up sleeping bag over his shoulder -- just 2 mothing kid, like the freeks and burnouts one ignores in Chicago or San Francisco. This, however, is American heartland and we wonder if a kid looking like RAMBO is being reckless about his choice of geog- raphy. Reckless, too, that flat, umblinking, insolent yet fareway expression in his eyes. INTERCUT with -- RAMBO'S POV - BEND IN THE HIGHWAY i PSS
3) 3) dialog: stares back foz a time, then slowly looks ahead. We ut have no idea of what might be in his mind, as he re- shoulders the sleeping bag and resumes his walk. cUT TO:
4) 0) text: Rambo walks up an uneven dirt path caused from tire cut” treads and erosion end approaches én old wood frame house with a dilepideted front porch. INT, BLACK FAMILY'S liOUSE - DAY . ¢ Zi One room, petheps two. OPEN on che BLACK WOMAN, a (aude Gish towel in her hends, stering past a young girl To «= i SCREEN DOOR (25; — the SILHOUETTE of Rembo, backlighted. cat
4) 1) dialog: Is he here, ma'em, or isn't he? (no answer) Excuse me -- if he’s in town or something -- could you tell me where that might be -- I mean, where he might be at?
4) 10) dialog: . I told you I wasn't on his case -- , He's a buddy -- we were on the Same team -- . (holds up picture) } See, that’s me there. That's Bronson, Ortega, Jorgensen, Czak, vantorth, Westmore, Jesus, Krakauer -- crazy bastard... Excuse that, Please, and there's Delmar.
4) 14) dialog: (continuing; smiles) Delmar wes so big we elways had to put him behind everybody or he'd take up the whole picture.
4) 16) dialog: . What?
4) 18) dialog: (stunned) . How?
4) 20) dialog: (weekly) Sorry -- I'm sorry. Rembo's eyes fill.with pzin as he turns in a defeated fashion and leaves. . co
5) 0) text: as Rambo comes slowly out and down the porch steps, x transitting the front yard, toward the gate end the O. highwey shoulder, forgotten in his hand the pocket- worn address book still thumbed open to the appropri- ate page. He steps from the porch and drops the book in the dust as he moves away.
6) 1) text: 30 CONTINUED: Gk ‘ He stops and leans egainst the railing and stares into the water. With each second, the pain is building in Rambo.
6) 6) text: Teesle stops the car end gets out. Rambo glances at him end seems to size up Teasle in a matter of seconds, then stares off to the other end of the bridge.
6) 15) dialog: (softly) --- North.
7) 0) text: SHOT of police car with Teasle ang Rambo inside pessing through town, pest the police station, pest the gas station. 33% INT. POLICE CAR ~ DAY “ \teasle and Rambo move down the hichway. wN TEASLE 4 a7 Where are you headed? “ x oe
7) 1) dialog: “i. Maybe Lovisville,~
7) 5) text: a“ RAMBO ~s na No. NN c ~ Teasle veers the car to the curb. A sign reads:
8) 2) dialog: Portland. .
8) 4) dialog: I don't know.
8) 10) dialog: Is there a law against me getting something here?
8) 12) dialog: Why are you pushing?
8) 14) dialog: Why are you pushing? I haven't done anything to you.
8) 19) dialog: 
8) 21) dialog: 
8) 23) dialog: jere some place I can get somethins
8) 25) dialog: looking for a handout.
8) 27) dialog: @a jaw against me getting something ome.
8) 28) dialog: > you pushing?
8) 30) dialog: 2 you pushing?
8) 56) dialog: Hunting. (CONTINUED)
9) 0) text: Mitch, Galt and a pockmarked deputy named WARD stand outside a cell staring at Rambo.
10) 3) text: 46 47 FIRST BLOOD - Rev. 11/24/81 INT. CELL BLOCK - pay 46 Preston sets a chair in the middle of the room. Mitch guides Rambo towards it. Ward is in the background. Preston crosses to the sink and captures some water in the mug which he starts whipping into lather. Rambo's eyes follow his every move.
11) 1) text: ys Rambo is hung arms spread froma pair of poles. He is (CONTINUED)
12) 0) text: (SUBLIMINAL’- BLACK AND WHITE) RAMBO AND V.C. OFFICER Just for kicks, the officer holds it up so Rambo can see it and slices it across his back many tines -- screams each time he is cut. The CAMERA MOVES IN. Ron Rambo.
15) 0) text: A large, helmeted, tough-looking cyclist hes made the misteke of slowing Gown to look. Rambo shoves hard. Tne cyclist hits the pavement. The back wheel of the fallen bike is grinding angrily for purchese. Rambo muscles it up, mounts end roars off, EXT. POLICE STATION ~ DAY - TEASLE ‘ 65 is charging out of the station house. Galt is a dozen steps behind, operating the bolt of e high-powered rifle. He stops, shoulders it, eims --
16) 0) text: He zooms past the YOU ARE NOW LEAVING = HOPE SIGN end hangs @ breakneck turn onto a dirt road which snakes up towerd the distant mountains. The SIREN persists, GROWING LOUDER. EXT. DIRT ROLD - RAMBO , 7. grinding the bike uphill. Far behind him, just visible through the dust, Teesle's cruiser turns off the high- way to follow. Kembo glances back and spurs the bike overlend through an open gate end down a narrow wagon road. This is rough, hilly meadowland, overshadowed by massive mountain forests. Sensing freedom, Rembo glimpses back and reacts to --
19) 0) text: The mountain forests are very close now, and the ter- Rambo rein is growing increasingly rugged. < a rise, slows, stops and REVS. He surveys what is ahead, looks back.
19) 2) text: ExT, - STREAM - HILL ~ DAY - ROARS off end down, leaping the bike over a nérrow stream and heading into the draw between two densely brushed slopes. The woodland is rising ebruptly and so is the draw. The bike is gasping and slowing. It is henging back before it falls and Rambo jumps free, let- ting it roll crashing back toward the stream where --
25) 0) text: moving cautiously bet steadily upgrade, huecing the zrees for cover, his eyes constantly searching the sky for sight of the prowling ‘copter. Rambo stands there for a moment, straining to hear, to fix the distance separating them, then removes 2 compass from the handle of his knife.
25) 1) dialog: (heaving) C'mon, get your breath -- get your breath! Which way? (looks at the compass) North. +e
27) 6) dialog: «+. Faster: THE SUMMIT - MEADOW OF PROMONTORY - DAY dor) As Rembo hoists himseli up and over the final narrow bade niche ané stends at the summit's edge, we see that it ~ opens onto two thousand yards of exposed, boulder- strewn Grasslenc, surrounded on all sides by a grey, fuiminatine sky. It is running, not hiding country, ané as Rambo leaves the pass, he is doing just thet, cressing the open ground eat a full run.
27) 12) text: -.. Don't think -- move. RaMBo : 106 ere are none. He studies an@holds, crevices, out-
31) 16) dialog: close to the trunk es possible, The DIN of the hovering * CHOPPER is so great that Rambo does not hear the next * SHOT, but bark end branches splatter around him. *
32) 0) text: is back in 'Nem and is being Fired upon PAST R&éMBO - TOWARD HELICOPTER 139 slowly settling, stsadying. Galt setting to aim it ™ Gown Rambo's throat. Rambe grebs 2 rock as Galt leans * from the incredibly close chopper. Rembo hurls the * rock with all his strencth. *
32) 43) dialog: i . ¢ treught) 5 d@ you stert? Whet'd you 2? You left this! You What the fuck ere you stert, & 6 ~- What 6 e | left this doin', men? Rembo sets the rifle down end walks out of his cover.
33) 9) dialog: I heven't Gone anything.
33) 55) text: Rambo is seen hacking stell brenches into points. EXT. FOREST ¥5 - DUSK Teasle and the men are in hot pursuit.
35) 75) text: cooks 2t Rambo whose form is egei i 5. Rando stands 2s
35) 118) text: F 1 ti and Cisapp E FIPES BU ré Bark rips off trees near s head. The ground kicks up near his feet. 17 TERELE lg? from the outcropping, pest Shingleton, .stOl in the c¢irection of Rambo. igs OMITTED igi * 129 OMITTED igs: *
39) 0) text: Moving through the underbrush and dense forest is the buck...Still in the tree, Rambo tenses his body and almost imperceptively removes his boot knife, never removing his eyes from the buck. 21783
41) 0) text: The intensity builds as t under Rambo. ..Rambo inche
43) 0) text: The buck is in perfect position and Rambo pounces on its back. A wild fight comme
45) 2) text: Rambo enters ané Crops the huge buck and from his pocket removes dry ‘weeds and unscrews the cap of his knife and removes a metal match...He strikes the match and lights the Gry weed. The boreé voice of the state police radio operator is hearé over the welhie-talkie laying nearby. Rambo ignores it.
47) 0) text: Rambo scrunches close + to the flemes, stretches out, cradles his head on his zmm and closes his eyes. We sense him drifting into heli-sleep, his face reflecting the circus of his rind. He pertly mutters, partly sings the music in his heed.
47) 1) dialog: “Purple haze in my brain, 2 "Bout to drive me insane ..." *
48) 3) text: Rambo is startlec, then instently guardeé, as he pulls * his hands coim from face. The code worés are familier -- even the filtereé voice. Still, he throttles the im- pulse to respond. The static-punctveteé silence has an inssttling efz
48) 20) text: CONTINUED : we . vrs During this, Rambo’s expression has grown reflective, his thoughts far away. He nods atsently as though Trautman could see. ° es . he : "ae RAMBO ce (to Trautman) ...They're all deaé, Colonel.
48) 22) text: Rambo: Are you alright? Over? -
48) 24) dialog: Baker team -~ They're all dead, sir.
48) 37) dialog: Where'd you come from?
48) 41) dialog: , I really wanted to be a civilian, Colonel. : I tried ... you have to take a lot of shit 7 being a civilian. I wish I was back in Bragg.
48) 45) dialog: ' Friendly civilians? Here's no such thing. ‘ ask the sheriff if he's friendly...or the sheriffs in the last fifty towns.
48) 49) dialog: Woulén't be any trouble except for that kingshit cop. Teasle stiffens ... eyes are on him, “ RAMBO (continuing) The man kept pushin', sir.
48) 51) dialog: They drew first blood, net me.
50) 66) dialog: . usky whisper) -~ keep going. Anchering his elbews in his groin, he hunkers over to weeze D
55) 3) dialog: Drive! Trenbling Catheart fumbles the truck into gear. They roll. oh ooe ok OF 256 297 2g& nN 0 sa 300 301
55) 29) dialog: -.. Go home. ; Cetheaert hurries out of the truck. Reobo takes the wheel
58) 4) text: IkT, CATHC. ART’S TRUCK - RAMBO - DAY (DUSK) 321 catches first sight of the Ketional Cuerd rpedblock, szill some distence away The news is obviously our. Ke tromps on the gas.
61) 2) text: INT, CATHCART'S TRUCK - RAMBO - NIGHT (DUSK) 32€ sguints through the dGamaged windshield toward --
71) 4) text: Rambo moves low across the pavement, using the cover of parked car to get the narrow angle on the neon tube~ work of the Antler's Ber, nearly ecress the street from the jail. He FIRES a covering volley end races silent- ly to the opposite pavement which cans flush with the jail still one block south.
74) 0) text: RAMBO runs and hides behind a garbage can. The explosion. TEASLE pokes his head up from the corner of the roof, to see what has happened, then ducks down again. Rambo spots him, then runs back down the alley.
77) 0) text: RAMBO walks from the corner te the filing cabinet and stoops Gown. TEASLE spots him and fires. Rambo runs. Rambo shoots up toward the skylight. Teaesle falls down through the skylight. 386 w m sd 36 Bt
78) 0) text: EXTREME CLOSEUP RAMBO raises the rifle slowly to his Shoulder.
78) 1) text: Rambo's finger slides deftly into place.
78) 4) dialog: Eis body tenses. The rifle is positioned perfectly. His eyes burn with anticipation.
78) 6) dialog: He whips aroun@ with his heart in his mouth staring Geac into Traviman's eves. He turns back to Teasle. LOE. 's 2e¢ thre 404 s oO us
78) 16) dialog: His bocy shakes more violently es he struagles to gueich the urge to destroy his enemy.
78) 18) dialog: Where the fuck were you?
78) 19) dialog: All the spotlights are trained on the building -- what appears to be 4 smell army waits to move in -~- Trautman moves towards Rambo...TrautMan assumes an attitude of @ not-so-confident father irying to regain the confidence of a disinherited son.
78) 20) text: I'm here now. No one's going to hurt you out there. Let's wind this up. Rambo still remains frozen with his weapon at PORT arms, His eyes glaring with frightening intensity into Trautman's,
79) 0) text: Rambo is pulling guns out of the cupboare,
79) 4) dialog: Firepower?
79) 6) dialog: I didn't.
79) 9) dialog: Nothin is over! You jest don't turn it off. It wasn't my war! They asked me, I @idn't ask them!!! JI killed what I bad to kill to win. Come home ready te kiss the ground and see all these maggots at the airport protestin’ me -=- spittin’ -- callin' me woman killer, babykiller -- where were you? Why didn't anybody set them straight?
79) 11) dialog: Civilian life is bullshit -- genuine bullshit/ In the field we had a code of honour! You watch my back ~ I watch yours. Back here there's nothin! {continuing} Man, I can Grive tanks, I can fly gunship, I was in charge of million dollar equip~ mMent...and 1 can't even keep a job parking cars! Everytime somebody looks at me wrong, I want to wipe the ground «ith their face! There's just no honour on the street... nothing!
79) 13) dialog: Wnere the hell's Danforth? We were always talkin’ about Vegas and this Cnevy he wanted to buy. ‘58 Canéyapple red...He said, ‘We gonna cruise till the tires fali off?! FIRST BLOOD - Rev. 12/21/81
80) 1) dialog: We set world recorés for fire fights and after five months in the bush, we gotta week of R and R in Saigon... We were going into this bar, and this kid, carrying this shoeshine box runs up seying, ‘Shine, please, shine.‘ Joey said, 'Yeah' and I went to get a couple of beers. The shine box was wired - the kid opened the bex and Joey changed shape - it blew their bogies all over the bar!
80) 2) dialog: (continuing) There's blood ané pieces of him 211 over me, I tried te holé him together, but his insides kept slipping through my hands. Joey screamed, ‘What about my Chevy! I wanna drive my Chevy!' I said, ‘With what? I can't find your fuckin' legs! He got cuiet and cGieé quiet. I still cream abaut it. Listen man, I dream this shit almost every night - sometimes I wake up and don't know where the fuck I am. I don't talk to anybody for hours ...deys sometimes. I try to block it out of my mind, but TI can't...
80) 6) text: Rambo begins to sob uncontrollably and Trautman guides him by his shoulder, 113. FiRST RLOOD ~ Rev. 12/21/81
81) 0) text: Rambo is escorted out of the Police Station by Trautman followed by Kern and Guard. They reach the bottom of the stairs where Teasle is being attended to by ambulance men. They walk down the street, where the National Guard and Police have surrounded the building. Rambo looks at the National Guard and Troopers as he walks to the jeep. They watch him, Trautman an@ Rambo cet in the jeep. They drive away. The Trocpers anc ambulance leave and begin to resume orde