2) 0) text: within-eershotofshe-approzching convoy, we see the solitary figure of the kid on the highway shoulder, walking TOWARD US. His jeens and Levi jacket are faded; on the back is an American flag. He wears paratrooper boots that he tucks his pants into. He cerries 2 rolled-up sleeping bag over his shoulder -- just 2 mothing kid, like the freeks and burnouts one ignores in Chicago or San Francisco. This, however, is American heartland and we wonder if a kid looking like RAMBO is being reckless about his choice of geog- raphy. Reckless, too, that flat, umblinking, insolent yet fareway expression in his eyes. INTERCUT with -- RAMBO'S POV - BEND IN THE HIGHWAY i PSS
36) 0) text: A number of vehicles are haphazardly parked -~ cruisers representing both Hope anc the State Folice ané other local police, ambulances, food wagon, army trucks and jeeps, etc. Two tenis have been erectec: a First Aié tent anc & three-wall affzir will be Gesigneteé es the Communications Centre. State Troopers in ponchos keep traffic-gawkers moving along. National Guarésman are in evidence, some hudéled arouné open fires, K helicopter bearing the dead body of Galt rides over- head, then lanés on an improvised pad. TV newsmen rush up to film the scene. Someof Teasle's Geputies, lvine on stretchers are located into the waiting ambulances.
36) 1) text: % State Trooper vehicie pulls ur: Captain Kern gets out anc goes to the First Lic tent.
37) 27) dialog: 
65) 9) text: The troopers izom the first creiser sre running éeround the fire by wey of the field, trying to get a closer look et the burning truck The Griver of the second cruiser is following in his vehicle or, Tather, try- ing te, because the cer elnost immediately becomes mires Gown in the spongy earth, its wheels spinning ené spewing bud.
81) 0) text: Rambo is escorted out of the Police Station by Trautman followed by Kern and Guard. They reach the bottom of the stairs where Teasle is being attended to by ambulance men. They walk down the street, where the National Guard and Police have surrounded the building. Rambo looks at the National Guard and Troopers as he walks to the jeep. They watch him, Trautman an@ Rambo cet in the jeep. They drive away. The Trocpers anc ambulance leave and begin to resume orde