2) 0) text: within-eershotofshe-approzching convoy, we see the solitary figure of the kid on the highway shoulder, walking TOWARD US. His jeens and Levi jacket are faded; on the back is an American flag. He wears paratrooper boots that he tucks his pants into. He cerries 2 rolled-up sleeping bag over his shoulder -- just 2 mothing kid, like the freeks and burnouts one ignores in Chicago or San Francisco. This, however, is American heartland and we wonder if a kid looking like RAMBO is being reckless about his choice of geog- raphy. Reckless, too, that flat, umblinking, insolent yet fareway expression in his eyes. INTERCUT with -- RAMBO'S POV - BEND IN THE HIGHWAY i PSS
5) 0) text: as Rambo comes slowly out and down the porch steps, x transitting the front yard, toward the gate end the O. highwey shoulder, forgotten in his hand the pocket- worn address book still thumbed open to the appropri- ate page. He steps from the porch and drops the book in the dust as he moves away.
6) 0) text: as Rembo walks on along the bridge toward the town, os” the shock and the mempries building behind his eyes. (CONTINUED)
8) 101) dialog: It won't work this way. It'll only smear around.
8) 106) dialog: He won't let us print him, Will.
9) 0) text: Mitch, Galt and a pockmarked deputy named WARD stand outside a cell staring at Rambo.
10) 3) text: 46 47 FIRST BLOOD - Rev. 11/24/81 INT. CELL BLOCK - pay 46 Preston sets a chair in the middle of the room. Mitch guides Rambo towards it. Ward is in the background. Preston crosses to the sink and captures some water in the mug which he starts whipping into lather. Rambo's eyes follow his every move.
19) 2) text: ExT, - STREAM - HILL ~ DAY - ROARS off end down, leaping the bike over a nérrow stream and heading into the draw between two densely brushed slopes. The woodland is rising ebruptly and so is the draw. The bike is gasping and slowing. It is henging back before it falls and Rambo jumps free, let- ting it roll crashing back toward the stream where --
23) 0) text: Both cruisers come to a jerky stop at the hillecrest. Lester anc tch emerge. Teasle weces back toward them, obser ¢ how both are hurting. Lester's nese is taped an@ stuffe@ with cotton. Shiners are growing under his eyes.
24) 11) dialog: Don’r get those dogs near me, Orvel. I don't trust the besterds.
24) 18) dialog: What?
29) 0) text: Sunglasses only partly disguise the swollen side of Galt's face Galt looks away, and the PILOT reacts te something he sees over his outside shoulder. He reps Gelt's ex and points toward it.
32) 0) text: is back in 'Nem and is being Fired upon PAST R&éMBO - TOWARD HELICOPTER 139 slowly settling, stsadying. Galt setting to aim it ™ Gown Rambo's throat. Rambe grebs 2 rock as Galt leans * from the incredibly close chopper. Rembo hurls the * rock with all his strencth. *
32) 4) text: end over end streight dow toward him, hitting ex branches of the tree, creshing through. GALT'S BODY 4h Falls throuch, hitting the earch with terrible, ng force.
32) 46) dialog: Poor bastard.
32) 53) dialog: Sheriff! Look:
33) 41) dialog: Why Gon't you shut your mouth?
35) 1) dialog: 
35) 36) dialog: Where'd he gst e sun? *
35) 43) dialog: Let's go some huntin'! *
35) 70) dialog: Son of 2 bitch! Here! JI see him! Over here! shee se ee
35) 79) dialog: I'm hit! Hit! (CONTINUED)
35) 104) text: 191 rd Teesle's voice. He mms h rot is suddenly anked beckwards. 192 ord to the groimd. Orval and king point... gleton. Shingleton! Teesle moves away from the mosning Belford.
49) 0) text: rN) ua ue An awkward, unésasy silence nere. Furtive clances exchange. (CONTINUED)
49) 89) text: Guatdszen reacting to the SHOTS and rhe SHOUTING of the HUNTERS. Then dSouble-tizing it toward the source af
49) 95) text: Re sprints towards a dilepi the bese of the mine entran right ané leit of Rembo 2s h section of the bridge and rushe Tne ground Fin= intensifies.
61) 2) text: INT, CATHCART'S TRUCK - RAMBO - NIGHT (DUSK) 32€ sguints through the dGamaged windshield toward --
77) 0) text: RAMBO walks from the corner te the filing cabinet and stoops Gown. TEASLE spots him and fires. Rambo runs. Rambo shoots up toward the skylight. Teaesle falls down through the skylight. 386 w m sd 36 Bt