1) 0) text: She's almost to her bedroom down the hall when mom catche her. We now discover ANITA, 16, up-close. She is an allur young Natalie Wood, with a suspicious and sunny smile.
1) 2) dialog: I'm fine. Already ate. William stands in the doorway now, watching, monitoring, Mom moves closer to his sister. She sees something curiou about her daughter.
1) 4) dialog: (too quickly) No I haven't.
1) 6) dialog: No I haven't.
1) 8) dialog: (boldly) You can't tell. Mom steps closer and examines the lips even more carefull To her, everything is a quest for knowledge.
1) 10) dialog: (busted) It's unfair that we can't listen to Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca our music!
1) 12) dialog: Simon and Garfunkel is poetry!
1) 15) dialog: First it was butter, then sugar and white flour. (beat) Bacon. Eggs, bologna, rock and roll, motorcycles. Nearby, William squirms as he watches the gently escalati conversation. Anita glances at her brother. He silently urges her to downshift. She can't. ANITA (cont'd) Then it was celebrating Christmas on a day in September When you knew it wouldn't be "commercialized."
1) 17) dialog: What else are you going to ban?
1) 19) dialog: (simple and direct) We're like nobody else I know. These are the words that sting Mom most.
1) 21) dialog: Darryl says you use knowledge to keep me down. He says I'ma "yes" person and you're trying to raise us ina "no" environment!
1) 25) dialog: I can't live here! I hate you! Even William hates you!
1) 27) dialog: (to William) You don't even know the truth! William looks vaguely confused.
1) 29) dialog: Feck you! All of you!
3) 16) dialog: Mom. It's time.
3) 18) dialog: Mom, pull over. Tell him the truth. Tell him how old he is. Mom pulls over, and stares straight ahead with deep irrit
3) 20) dialog: The other kids make fun of him because of How young he looks. Nobody includes him. They call him "The Narc" behind his back...
3) 23) dialog: (bleeding for her brother) A Narcotics Officer!
3) 28) dialog: You lied to him! You make such a big deal about the truth and you lied!
3) 30) dialog: What -- like he's going to ask if he's as old as he thinks he is? Don't you realize, this is going to scar him forever?
3) 32) dialog: You put too much pressure on him!
3) 34) dialog: And when he rebels in some strange and odd way, don't blame me.
3) 43) dialog: You've robbed him of an adolescence!
3) 45) dialog: He's got no "crowd"... no friends...
3) 47) dialog: Honey, I know you were expecting puberty. You're just going to have to shine it on for a while. Deeply embarrassed, William shrinks down in the seat. monitors his face constantly. She is raw and sincere... yes, inspiring:
3) 49) dialog: What about me?
3) 51) dialog: Well, somebody's gotta be normal around here!
4) 0) text: Anita stands in the living room. The song continues playi on the stereo.
4) 1) dialog: I want to play you a song that explains why I'm leaving, and try to listen.
4) 5) dialog: One day you'll be cool. He nods stoically, hopefully. He is utterly lost. She lea forward and whispers in his ear. ANITA (cont'd) Look under your bed. It'll set you free. Anita shakes hands with Mom, and exits. As the car takes
4) 7) dialog: 
4) 10) dialog: "Listen to Tommy with a candle burning and you will see your entire future..." The heady effect of all these albums registers, as we see lighting a candle.
45) 1) dialog: William? He looks at her. He feels like he's on Mars, and she look like a Martian. ANITA (cont'd) Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca You guys this is my brother!
45) 3) dialog: You guys, I'll deadhead back later. I think I'm needed.
45) 6) dialog: You look awful, but that's great. You're living your life! You're finally free of... her.
45) 8) dialog: Hey. I'll take off work. Let's have an adventure together. You and me, finally. Anywhere you want to go. Anywhere in the world. 159 EXT. WILLIAM'S HOME —- DAY 159 William whistles the family whistle. Sister and brother t up the steps.
45) 9) dialog: This is not my idea of a good time.
45) 11) dialog: (resigned) I'll deal with her. William whistles again. Mom meets them at the door. She l Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca at her trashed son who has finally come home. For the fi time, she hugs Anita first, and it's not lost on Anita. It's a clumsy neck-hug, neither wanting to commit. The ki passes to his Mother's left, with suitcase, intentionally nudging her into his sister. Anita takes this as an aggre act of love, and hugs her mother back. Tears stream down face. Their cheeks touch. Mom pulls away, and sees her ow tears on Anita's face. Thinking that she's also crying, s grabs a tissue for them both. 160 INT. ELAINE'S HOUSE --— CONTINUOUS 160 The kid stands in the hallway listening, shaking his head poised to enter his room, unseen by them.
45) 12) dialog: (so worried) What are we going to do about him?
45) 14) dialog: The magazine killed his story. Now they really hug, Anita gulping back real tears. Willi watches them bonding over the oddest thing - his failure. William goes into the bedroom, the final three feet to sl and shuts the door. A hand places a hotel sign on the doo DO NOT DISTURB. Slight push in.
45) 30) text: at the entrance. Raises his hand. RUSSELL (cont'd) Good evening! 162A EXT. SAN FRANCISCO — DAY 162A Russell stands outside, a traveling man with no where to Oddly, and in a way that surprises him, the world begins speak to him again... little noises everywhere, turning i music of its own. It's a beautiful and compelling "silenc He thrusts his hands deep in his pockets, and takes a bre of life. His head filling again with the music of the wor he begins to walk down the street. Very naturally, and qu randomly, he is noticed by young passersby. They can't he it. He looks like a star. They can't quite figure out who is, but it's someone, and they begin to follow him down t street. Unbeknownst to him as he walks along, deep in tho a small crowd begins to form... following him. 163 INT. BREAKFAST TABLE — DAY 163 A quiet kitchen. Anita has been cooking. A substantial breakfast has been placed on the table. Sausage, orange juice... and now Anita sets down a plate of pancakes, wit syrup and butter, in front of her mother. William watches mother facing an old enemy - white sugar.
45) 31) dialog: They're called pancakes. Who knows when we'll be together again. Splurge. It's what most people call breakfast. Mom looks at her children, and takes a breath.