7) 27) dialog: William Miller?
7) 30) dialog: Crazy. William, this is Ben Fong- Torres. I'm the music editor at Rolling Stone Magazine. We've got a copy of your stories from the San Diego Door. This is the same William Miller? William instantly, nervously alters his voice to sound ol
7) 32) dialog: (rifling through tearsheets) Voice of God, howling dogs, the spirit of rock And roll... this is good solid stuff.
7) 34) dialog: You should be writing for us. Any ideas?
7) 36) dialog: Crazy. New album... their third... starting to do something. Ben shuffles through papers, looking for a tour itinerary his promotional-material laden-desk, automatically plotti the piece aloud. BEN (cont'd) (pleasant, terse) Stillwater. Hard-working band makes good. Get 'em to respond to the critics who dismissed the first two albums as workmanlike. Guitarist is the clear star of the band. Crazy. Let's do three— thousand words. You'll catch up to them on the road. We'll set up billing -- don't let the band pay for anything. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
7) 38) dialog: We can only pay —- lemme see, three- thousand words -- seven hundred dollars. The kid's eyes widen. BEN (cont'd) Alright, a grand. What's your background? You a journalism major?
7) 40) dialog: What college -—-
8) 2) dialog: Well, I know how my lady gets when I don't Snap to it -
8) 4) dialog: Crazy! I'll let you go. Call me at the San Francisco office tomorrow.
19) 31) dialog: Can I please speak to him? This is Ben Fong-Torres at Rolling Stone. Estrella panics, hangs up quickly, as if the phone has ju caught fire.
27) 3) dialog: Hello William, this is your editor at -- He offers the name of the magazine with a swirl that impl high-level importance. BEN (cont'd) Rolling Stone. How's the story? INT. GREENVILLE HOTEL ROOM —- CONTINUOUS William snaps into his very professional tone of equally importance.
27) 5) dialog: Sounds like it. Next to him, Polexia yawns herself awake.
27) 7) dialog: (jocular but tough) Now listen. Get it together. We're both professionals, I don't have to tell you this. You're not out there to join the party -- we already have one Hunter Thompson. You're out there to interview and Report. You got me? This isn't Creem Magazine, it's Rolling Stone. We need this story in four days. Now I want to know how it's shaping up. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
27) 9) dialog: (pause) I like what we're saying. Let me try and get you a thousand more words. It's in consideration for the cover, but don't tell the band.
34) 0) text: William and Penny sit on opposite ends of a blue locker-r bench. It's a small dressing room, crowded with roadies, guitars and men in stages of half-dress. Piles of luggage headed for New York sit by the door. The door suddenly op and Dick arrives with champagne and a cake decorated with sparkler. It is placed in Penny's lap. It reads: Unforget Penny... Age Unknown. Boston, 1973. They gather now as th cake sits before a surprised and enchanted Penny Lane.
37) 0) text: On a rainy day in San Francisco, Ben Fong-Torres stands i copy-strewn office of the young editor/publisher JANN WEN Several other editors are also present in the background, including David Felton with cigarette-holder in mouth, an prep-school Fact-Checker named ALLISON.
37) 1) dialog: Congratulations. It's gonna be a cover. Neal Preston will shoot 'em next week in L.A. we need you back in San Francisco tomorrow. We'll finish the story here. William is overwhelmed with many emotions, fear topping t list. BEN (cont'd) You can tell the band. Allison, our fact checker, needs you to transmit whatever you have of the story, tonight, now, along with your notes. There is a mojo at the Daily News they'll let us use —
37) 3) dialog: A mojo. It's a very modern machine that transmits pages over the telephone. It only takes eighteen Minutes a page...
44) 3) dialog: You're William Miller? The secret emerges not with a bang but with a slight and Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca nod of the head.
44) 5) dialog: (putting it all together) Oh baby. Ben leads him into the office of Jann Wenner, the editor- publisher. 152 INT. JANN WENNER'S OFFICE -— DAY 152 William sits. Editors are feverishly discussing the next The big concerns of a national magazine are in the air. Everyone is focused and quick. The conversation is machin gun like. Jann Werner turns to the kid.
44) 7) dialog: You obviously saw more than you wrote about. After eight days on the road with these guys.
44) 10) dialog: What happened to your highly-touted think piece on limitations of a middle- level Band in the face of success? William sits speechless. It's sinking in. Failure. Conversation continues at a fast pace:
44) 39) dialog: (reads aloud) "I am flying high over Tupelo, Mississippi, with America's hottest band, and we are all about to die."
44) 41) dialog: Yeah, and it gets better. (impressed) Did this all really happen? William sleeps restlessly nearby, mouth agape, sitting up in a plastic chair.
44) 68) dialog: (darkly) Crazy.
45) 22) dialog: Well, we appreciate the visit. The last time an artist came here, it was Buddy Miles and he punched me.
45) 26) dialog: Next time we'll all be more professional.