31) 6) dialog: (completely unthreatening) Hi.
31) 8) dialog: Respectfully. We all have our roots. I believe in bands holding onto their roots. But those roots need to be augmented. I'm gonna tell you the truth —- I may enrage some and enthrall others. I don't really give a fuck. Your manager here needs a manager. Example. If you hadn't run out on the contract in Phoenix, you could have sued over Russell's hand... but you left, negating the contract, forfeiting the deposit, and you effectively traveled a long way to pay that promoter... to electrocute you. Russell looks at his hand. DENNIS HOPE (cont'd) We can all work together. Your damages have put you way into the hole for this tour. Right now you owe the record company more than you've got. But your record's selling, there's money to be made. So I've brought a plane in, we can add more shows to make-up the difference. Respectfully.
31) 11) dialog: Hey man -- it's travel on a pogo stick if I thought we'd make more money. You can play more dates with a plane... 112A INT. CLEVELAND ARENA — NIGHT — SAME TIME 112A Penny Lane stands on stage facing the empty arena. The ro Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca have packed up and moved on. She is alone in the poetic trash filled structure that was just hours ago filled wit people. (Behavior to come)
32) 2) dialog: (delicately) Yes, of course. Clearly. Respectfully. But on the distasteful subject of money. Just know. You're making it -- right now -- and it's all -—- He gestures to infinity. DENNIS HOPE (cont'd) -- out there. I'm just talking about bringing it -—- Bringing his hand together in a fist, he returns it, clos his heart. DENNIS HOPE (cont'd) —- back here. The band looks at Dick, who manages not to be speechless.
32) 4) dialog: (immediately) Do you know how to keep from getting charged for the ice below the floorboards of Chicago Stadium? Do you know how to do a headlining tour, do you Claire Rothman at the L.A. Forum? Do you know Bobbi Cowan, Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca Lisa Robinson, Jim Ladd, Frank Barcelona? (look around, amazed) This is Cleveland. Where's Kid Leo?? (basics) Do you know how you get a record not pressed but played? Do you know? I didn't invent the rainy day, man. I just own the best umbrella. He laughs. It's fun. Band members are now listening, curi spellbound. DENNIS HOPE (cont'd) Because as much as you may believe that it will last forever, it does not last forever... your biggest fan right now soon they're going to go to college, gonna wanna buy clothes, spend that money some other way, and you know what? (the final insult) They'll tape your record from a friend's copy. Russell stops fingering his guitar. Shot moves across the faces of the band members. Pain. DENNIS HOPE (cont'd) You've got to take what you can, when you can, while you can. And you've got to do it now. That's what the big boys do. The band squirms, but listens. DENNIS HOPE (cont'd) Because if you think Mick Jagger will still be out there trying to be a rock star at age fifty, you're sadly sadly mistaken. Now he's reaching them. Their slackened roar-weary faces back at the young dynamo.
32) 6) dialog: (casually) No no. You don't understand. I'll Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca think about it. I'm not auditioning. I came here to decide whether I want to represent you. So I'll stand outside for a moment, and think about whether I want to stay. He leaves the room with a pleasant shrug. Stunned silence William watches their body language. No one wants to talk first. Their faces read as -- who was that guy, and how c we talk him into staying? 113 INT. PLANE -— DAY 113 William watches as the band stands inside the new plane. Hope looks on.
32) 8) dialog: Do you mind? 114 EXT. PRIVATE AIRPORT —- DAY 114 Doris the bus stays behind in the parking lot, abandoned a field. The new plane lifts off in the background, as th bus sits alone, as if crying steel tears. Bus Banner read simply: CLEVELAND. Reprise ending of Whole Lotta Love.
34) 3) dialog: (to the point) Sorry the plane isn't bigger. It hits her. She looks at William for a clue. His truthfu face does not look away. Now she knows. She turns to the others -- the plane isn't bigger? Shot moves in on Penny she blinks just a little, cutting into the cake, still mu for everybody, covering it all with a layer of sweet gidd laughter. Shot comes to rest behind her, her head turning connect with band members. Each of them look away, nobody maintaining eye contact with her except the one she now d look at. William. She blows out the candles, vamping Mari Monroe-style, and sucks off the frosting seductively, to Russell watches, as we push in on Penny. She notices all luggage is gone, only her two cases remain by the door. 118 EXT. CONCORD PAVILLION BACKSTAGE -— EARLY MORNING 118 William exits a backstage Portosan. Penny catches him by grilling area where catering is preparing for the outdoor Their laminated passes swing from around their necks. Thu in the distance, Stillwater plays for a cheering outdoor The sound of summer insects in the air. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
38) 1) dialog: He's okay, he's with us — Hope shoves him past the Guard, and sends him into a very new world.
43) 42) dialog: A field?
43) 54) dialog: I once hit a man in Dearborn, Michigan. A hit-and-run. I hit him and kept on going. I don't know if he's alive or Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca dead, but I'm sorry.
43) 74) dialog: (freaking out) I quit. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca The turbulence worsens. William finds his mouth saying emotional words he cannot control.
44) 59) dialog: (nervously) How about the plane flight?
44) 62) dialog: Well, they haven't talked to Russell - he can always deny the key stuff to the fact checker. Then they can't print it.
44) 64) dialog: It's war, my friend. If you'd met me earlier, he would have never been on the around. Dennis hands Russell the phone. DENNIS HOPE (cont'd) He'll live. 156 INT. ROLLING STONE OFFICES -— DAY 156 William is still being congratulated by his new peers. We him woozy but beaming, as Allison the Fact Checker comes Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca of her office, waving the manuscript. She works her way the cluster of editors.