4) 105) dialog: Let us in, we're Stillwater! We're on the show!! William is surrounded by them now. They stand together un single lightbulb, familiar faces, a live-action album cov BEBE the singer, his shiny black hair hanging in sheets a head. ED VALLENCOURT the quiet drummer, his long arms han limply at his sides. His is a face made for the backgroun TURNER the compact bass-player. Dick now kicks at the doo his foot, as William produces a copy of Creem Magazine.
4) 109) dialog: (busy, running behind) I'm sorry but could you please fuck off? William blinks a little, takes it in stride. Russell size him up, moving in the background.
4) 140) dialog: (walkie talkie crackling) Ten minutes 'till showtime, anyone who isn't in the band -- out! Russell takes a last swig of beer. A roadie whisks his gu away. DICK (cont'd) All this luggage is going to L.A.! William is swept out in the chaos of the pre-show ritual, past the pile of luggage by the door. It's a colorful hea suitcases, featuring colorful laminated band tags, each w number.
5) 23) dialog: Penny Lane! God's gift to rock and roll!! You're back! (privately) Marc Bolan. Please. Other band members pass, adjusting clothes for show time, waiting in the hallway... and now singing the Beatles son "Penny Lane."
5) 27) dialog: From Troy, Michigan. Please welcome -—- (importantly) Stillwater. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca Light hits the stage, and the band launches into their o song, "If You Say Nothing." Audience response is strong. Shot lingers on the face of William as he soaks in the mo undeniably exciting moment of any concert, the first thir seconds. Jeff the singer grabs the microphone and launches into so vocal pyrotechnics. Russell looks over to Penny and Willi at stage right, grinning, pretending to trip on his cord, elegant show-off move of a musician who is now where he belongs... before seriously stepping forward for the firs guitar lead of the night. The kid looks over to see Penny watching Russell. 31 EXT. BACKSTAGE -—- NIGHT -- LATER 31 Cases are shut and rolled toward the trucks. Stillwater h for their bus. Jeff the singer says goodbye to Estrella S like a sailor leaving port. Russell lingers behind, sayin goodbye to William, loading his own equipment. Black Sabb passes with entourage, heading to the stage.
5) 32) dialog: Let's blow this burg!
5) 38) dialog: Laterrrr! We'll see you down the line. William is deliriously happy, hands upraised. He turns to Penny.
17) 0) text: All enter the lobby like warriors, in a pack. The hotel c are spotted with curious hangers-on, decked out and loung Dick is already stationed, as always, at the front desk. sad state of hotel service grates on a road dog like Dick is forever teaching others their jobs.
17) 1) dialog: Jeff, Tony... Keys... keys... keys... room list... (re: luggage, to hotel bellman) If it doesn't have a number on it, it ain't ours! He gives key and a stack of messages to Russell, and turn William who he makes feel more important. Penny is nearby her suitcase and tackle box purse. William watches Russel guitars whisked away - they are luggage-numbered 1, 3, an DICK (cont'd) The Enemy! Here you go, here's the key to your palatial suite, room list, plus let me give you a luggage tag. You're Number 42.
19) 40) dialog: It's my fucking job. You're all geniuses. And let me just add this thought - smegma. Penny covers her mouth as offers a look of absurdity to W He offers one back, as laughs are stifled throughout the William shares a look. Quince is still deeply asleep, as usually quiet tony leans forward to speak.
20) 10) text: Whoa! (laughing) I need three more beers and my guitar before I can answer that question. Let's take a walk. 69 EXT. HOTEL POOL AREA — NIGHT 69 Russell walks the outskirts of the pool area with William William follows him through the sliding glass door to his facing the pool. Russell grabs his guitar. They stand for moment, unheard by the others, and regard the living port twenty yards in front of them. The off-limits after-hours pool area has been overtaken by the Stillwater tour membe Jeff Bebe sits in a chair nearby. Dick laughs at a joke. Always the life of the party, Penny Lane dispenses stolen from a maid cart. And she is the first to slip into the p for some after-hours, against-the-rules swimming. Effortl she turns a collection of people into a party. They regar her, well out of earshot of the others.
20) 35) dialog: Good evening Phoenix. (applause) From Troy, Michigan. Please welcome, Stillwater. Lights come up, as the band launches into "Fever Dog." Je begins singing. Russell reaches to adjust the microphone a back-up vocal and is hit with something unexpected. A sharp electrical shock. It's just a slight pop in the loud din of music, but with moment something is clearly wrong. Russell holds onto the microphone stand with a surprised look, conducting high-v for two seconds and then he snaps his hand off the metal. face is white, he takes off his guitar and walks off-stag collapsing a couple steps later.
21) 0) text: Dick is waving wildly for the band to board the bus, whic been pulled up into the backstage area. He guides a saggi Russell, assisted by Penny Lane, into the bus. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
21) 1) text: Get in, get in!! William boards the bus, as the extremely agitated PROMOTE arrives to confront Dick.
21) 3) dialog: That, and more. Get in!
21) 5) dialog: Your shoddy stage set-up almost killed our guitarist!
21) 7) dialog: Everybody in! Get in the bus!
21) 9) dialog: 
21) 12) dialog: 
21) 18) dialog: (casually, to Russell) Wanna buy a gate? Before Russell can answer - BASH. Doris barrels through t steel-gate, snapping it like a chopstick to great cheers this bus. DICK (cont'd) You just bought a gate. (to the bus) C'mon Doris!! Get us out of town!! The bus struggles up a slight incline, everybody rooting Doris, as she eases out of the parking lot and onto a thoroughfare.
21) 51) text: I'm almost done with my shirt. Ed watches her appreciatively, drumming silently on a rub pad. Penny kisses Russell, who swings her onto his lap. I the corner, Jeff watches them all with a vague feeling of underappreciated. And now Dick enters with a large cardbo box.
21) 52) dialog: Russell, your dad showed up again. And on a lighter note. (importantly) Gentlemen. Your first t-shirts have arrived. There is an immediate buzz in the room, as Dick yanks ope box filled with new white t-shirts. He untangles the firs shirt, and displays it proudly. A silent beat as all exam their first t-shirt. Faces fall. Ed stops drumming. There been a mistake. It is a fuzzy band photo with the group n emblazoned below. Only Russell, who stand out front, is c in and emphasized on the shirt. He turns away, making a n Jeff stares at the t-shirt. He's just about in tears. The a long silence and then... Ed resumes drumming on the rub DICK (cont'd) It's the record company's mistake. And they will pay. Shirts gone, band happy. He drops the offending shirt into the trash, as if it wer contaminated, and exits with the box. William watches as two men, Russell and Jeff, move to opposite sides of the Russell puts on a shirt, so does Jeff. The vibe is thick. Russel turns to see Jeff staring at him.
26) 0) text: Door opens. Dick enters. Finding the guitarist in the kit he clicks into time-tested road-managerial maintenance. E Russell out of his towel, slipping his own jacket around from Russell's hands.
26) 1) dialog: (privately) They've been crying for you like a bunch of whimpering pussies ——
26) 4) dialog: (soothing) Definitely. It's all over. We'll just ride on to Greenville, listen to some great music, finish the tour, and leave those ungrateful fools behind. And then we'll come back here, where you'll live.
26) 6) dialog: (to Russell) Easy. He's your Guardian Angel. Russell turns away. William shrugs with style, but his lingering look is filled with hurt. Dick guides Russell t the door, grabbing the kid and talking very directly to h they move. DICK (cont'd) Don't worry. He only means half of what he says.
26) 8) dialog: Good question.
26) 10) dialog: Hey. You saved the tour. That's good enough for now. Frustrated but feeling important, William hands him some Russell's wet clothes. William deftly retrieves Russell's and smoothly plucks the guitarist's sunglasses from the partygoer who also wears his belt. They move to the door pack. We hear the beginning of Elton John's "Tiny Dancer. Dick faces the crowd and addresses them in his "important stage voice. DICK (cont'd) Ladies and Gentlemen, the evening is over! We hope you've enjoyed yourselves, and we'll See you again in 1974!! Good evening!! Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca William gives Russell his sunglasses to face the sunligh Russell stumbles out of the house to great cheers. The Qu Girl breaks free to catch Russell on the way out.
30) 0) text: Dick squats at the front of the stage, and talks to a few in the front row of this crowd. 110 INT. BACKSTAGE CLEVELAND PAY PHONE — NIGHT 110 A wild Cleveland crowd in the building. The cities on thi tour are getting bigger, and so are the audiences. And th is a whiff of business now too. Men in satin tour jackets some Disc-jockey types cruise the backstage. A Hysterical is led screaming to the nearby medic room. Few even react it's Cleveland - as the shot finds William, tired and yaw on the backstage pay phone. He is absolutely ready for th worst.
30) 19) dialog: (importantly) From Troy, Michigan... Russell thwacks a couple chords. Audience thunders. He tu to other members, feeling chills. It's in these moments t everything else disappears. They bow and wave, still in darkness... each member seems to have his own fans. Dick all this play out before finally adding... DICK (cont'd) Would you please welcome to Cleveland... More applause. This is very very very very fun. DICK (cont'd) Stillwater. Lights come up. A full blast of audience love hits them r in the face, as they begin "Fever Dog." The band charges headlong into their set, as various fans are squeezed up of the crowd and onto the stage.
31) 2) dialog: Okay. I need everybody's attention. The kid shuts his eyes. He knew this would happen. DICK (cont'd) Alright, well, the rumors are true. The record company has sent a big-time manager here to try and talk you into replacing me. His name is Dennis Hope. I know you've all heard of him. He's got all the big bands. He's right outside. He wants five minutes with you right now. I think we gotta do it.
32) 3) dialog: But why should we pay you for something we can do ourselves?
32) 5) dialog: (flustered) Yeah, well... we'll think about what you said.
33) 0) text: The girls sit on the jumper seats at the back of the plan with William. 116 INT. BOSTON HOTEL ROOM HALLWAY -—— DAY 116 William trudges the hallway with tape-recorder and notebo trolling for Russell. He passes Boston travelogue posters the walls. A few room doors are open, he looks for any si of the guitarist. William veers into Dick's room, where a Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca poker game full of Roadies is in progress. The room is t with exotic smoke. They are a bunch of road-hardened snob smoking cigars and other items, famous to themselves, lis not to rock and roll... but Sarah Vaughn.
33) 2) dialog: The Enemy! Door widens to reveal Russell.
33) 4) dialog: That's Mick - he's with The Who. That's John - with J. Geils. And that's Richard with the Eagles... and you know The Wheel.
33) 6) dialog: Side proposition. For fifty dollars and a case of Heineken, I will put into the pot... three Lovely Ladies, Including the famous Penny Lane... the Band-Aids, who need to exit our tour before New York...
33) 8) dialog: Three Lovely Ladies... now in the custody of Humble Pie.
34) 0) text: William and Penny sit on opposite ends of a blue locker-r bench. It's a small dressing room, crowded with roadies, guitars and men in stages of half-dress. Piles of luggage headed for New York sit by the door. The door suddenly op and Dick arrives with champagne and a cake decorated with sparkler. It is placed in Penny's lap. It reads: Unforget Penny... Age Unknown. Boston, 1973. They gather now as th cake sits before a surprised and enchanted Penny Lane.
34) 1) dialog: Happy Birthday from us. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca William watches her face as she reads the message on the It hasn't sunk in yet. Russell produces a piece of hotel stationery. He reads a
35) 10) dialog: She's here. William turns, expecting to see Penny. Instead we see the long-limbed, athletic, pretty and collegiate LESLIE. She holds a Nikon camera, and snaps their picture.
35) 12) dialog: Your room is completely stocked, far away from any noisy ice machines, elevators or maid quarters. The air-— conditioning is already on. And here is your security key -- by the way, you look stunning.
35) 14) dialog: Bags in five! Cars leave for the party at six! William studies Leslie, everyone saying hello to her, eve knowing the subtext. Nobody saying a word. William pulls heavy bag out of the back of the limousine. The bag breaks, and the contents spill out onto the New Y sidewalk. Bars of soap, ashtrays, hotel keys, crumpled pa the contraband t-shirt, "Do Not Disturb" signs, notes, to and thick telephone books from every city. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca DICK (cont'd) You know. There are lighter souvenirs.
35) 16) dialog: I did too. Fifteen years ago. All help him with his spilled souvenirs. Russell shares a private look with the kid. Nearby Leslie greets other ban members.
40) 9) dialog: She's with me. And now Leslie has confirmation. A symphony of looks, as gets to his feet and moves to confront Penny. Penny Lane' eyes fill and she runs out. Russell stands... and sees Wi also stand. William turns and follows her. Russell stands watching, and does not leave. We hear Elton John's "Mona Lisas and Mad Hatters."
43) 34) dialog: Please.
43) 45) dialog: And everyone thinks it's so glamorous out here.
43) 56) dialog: I love you all too, and you're my family. Especially since Marna left me. But if I ever took an extra dollar or two, here and there, it was because I knew I'd earned it.
44) 55) dialog: We never took him seriously, and now it's serious.
44) 60) dialog: It's all in there. But don't worry, it's all unspecific who say what. No names are mentioned in the more embarrassing sequences, it's just completely obvious who's who! We're fucked! Silence.
44) 84) dialog: Have a good vacation. I hope the band stays together. Before it all went down the shitter, it was starting to get really good. Dick claps Russell on the back, and moves on. He turns to Sapphire.