1) 0) text: She's almost to her bedroom down the hall when mom catche her. We now discover ANITA, 16, up-close. She is an allur young Natalie Wood, with a suspicious and sunny smile.
3) 0) text: Song continues as we see William's perspective of these m older looking kids. Girls now are visible, and they are e more mature than the boys we've just seen. They flirt and glow, arms trailing across the shoulders of the boys. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca Whispering in each other's ears, none of them looking do It's a troubling experience, to be this close to the allu world of older teenagers... and to be so invisible to the
3) 39) text: So you skipped fifth grade. There's too much padding In the grades. I taught elementary school. 5th grade - unnecessary. Nothing happens in the 5th grade. All Teachers know it, no one talks about it.
5) 105) text: (moving, English accent) Have we met? Effortlessly touching an arm here and there, charming all she had four men suddenly circling her. PENNY LANE (cont'd) I've made a decision. I'm going to go traveling in India. Then I'm going to learn how to play the violin. Then I'm going to go to college for one year. William looks at her, perplexed and a little hurt. What a Morocco?
7) 28) text: INT. WILLIAM'S BEDROOM -— DAY William is on the phone in his own small room.
9) 0) text: The great Lester Bangs stands in the promotional album-cl bedroom of his Birmingham, Michigan, home/office at Creem Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca Magazine. There is nothing in frame that does not deal w music. In the background, a scratchy and chaotic Coltrane record.
12) 0) text: Mom adjust herself in the chair, listens politely, checks watch. She looks at William. 50 EXT. HOME — AFTERNOON 50 Sprinklers continue. ("If there's a bustle in your hedger
15) 0) text: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca Mom's face remains stoic to the bitter end. ("... and sh buying the Stairway to Heaven.") The song ends. Silence. All look to Elaine. They wait on her response. We hear th turntable arm return to its cradle.
17) 0) text: All enter the lobby like warriors, in a pack. The hotel c are spotted with curious hangers-on, decked out and loung Dick is already stationed, as always, at the front desk. sad state of hotel service grates on a road dog like Dick is forever teaching others their jobs.
18) 0) text: Stillwater's "Fever Dog" plays from the t.v. radio. Willi on the bed, a thick local phone book on his lap. His hote room. He watches self-consciously as the girls go about t ritual of inhabiting a room on the road. Sapphire flutter paisley scarf over the room lamp. Polexia puts a towel al the crack of the door, blows out the glowing embers on to many sticks of incense, and moves to the phone. Estrella joined them as well, complete with a bag full of shoes. Instantly, we have atmosphere and not much room left in t the smallest room in the hotel. William thumbs through th phone book with fascination.
20) 10) text: Whoa! (laughing) I need three more beers and my guitar before I can answer that question. Let's take a walk. 69 EXT. HOTEL POOL AREA — NIGHT 69 Russell walks the outskirts of the pool area with William William follows him through the sliding glass door to his facing the pool. Russell grabs his guitar. They stand for moment, unheard by the others, and regard the living port twenty yards in front of them. The off-limits after-hours pool area has been overtaken by the Stillwater tour membe Jeff Bebe sits in a chair nearby. Dick laughs at a joke. Always the life of the party, Penny Lane dispenses stolen from a maid cart. And she is the first to slip into the p for some after-hours, against-the-rules swimming. Effortl she turns a collection of people into a party. They regar her, well out of earshot of the others.
21) 0) text: Dick is waving wildly for the band to board the bus, whic been pulled up into the backstage area. He guides a saggi Russell, assisted by Penny Lane, into the bus. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
21) 1) text: Get in, get in!! William boards the bus, as the extremely agitated PROMOTE arrives to confront Dick.
21) 51) text: I'm almost done with my shirt. Ed watches her appreciatively, drumming silently on a rub pad. Penny kisses Russell, who swings her onto his lap. I the corner, Jeff watches them all with a vague feeling of underappreciated. And now Dick enters with a large cardbo box.
22) 0) text: William follows Russell protectively. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
24) 0) text: William waits anxiously to use the phone, keeping an eye Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca Russell. Russell is now strangely twisting/dancing with girls in the living room, as more cars arrive outside.
25) 0) text: It's getting lighter. Cars line the street. And now, fina turning the corner, is Doris the Bus. 90 INT. KITCHEN -— MORNING 90 Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca William watches the effects of personal charisma. Wet partygoers surround Russell, bottle of Jack Daniels still hand, wrapped in towels. Now a bond has passes between th all of them. Algae drips from the corner of Russell's fac and neck.
26) 0) text: Door opens. Dick enters. Finding the guitarist in the kit he clicks into time-tested road-managerial maintenance. E Russell out of his towel, slipping his own jacket around from Russell's hands.
26) 15) text: 95 INT. WILLIAM'S HOTEL ROOM — DAY 95 It's a small wooden-walled hotel room in Greenville. Pole tries on clothes. William barely notices as he talks to L on the phone.
26) 30) text: Famous people are just more interesting. He looks at her. Even sitting on the can, she's elegant a totally focused on him.
27) 0) text: William is awake. Sunlight floods in from the corners of window-shades. He is surrounded by the fallen cavalry of night before... Sapphire and Polexia. The phone rings, an Sapphire instantly snaps it up, still asleep. Lost in her dreams, she offers the sexiest hello ever.
29) 0) text: Russell and band enter like warriors, in a pack. William with the heavy bags in hand and over his shoulder. Here, the middle of the midwest, is an explosive rock mecca, ju promised. The feeling of belonging invades all those in t lobby. Fans and other touring rockers mingle together. Outside in the real world, everyone else is going to work
30) 0) text: Dick squats at the front of the stage, and talks to a few in the front row of this crowd. 110 INT. BACKSTAGE CLEVELAND PAY PHONE — NIGHT 110 A wild Cleveland crowd in the building. The cities on thi tour are getting bigger, and so are the audiences. And th is a whiff of business now too. Men in satin tour jackets some Disc-jockey types cruise the backstage. A Hysterical is led screaming to the nearby medic room. Few even react it's Cleveland - as the shot finds William, tired and yaw on the backstage pay phone. He is absolutely ready for th worst.
30) 2) text: INT. LIVING ROOM -—- NIGHT Moms sits in silence. WILLIAM (cont'd) (rehearsed) I'm fine! I'm fine! I'm flying back on Monday Morning. I'll only miss one test. I'll make it up. Russell listens in, holding his guitar, laughing.
30) 18) text: She means well. Still rattled, he takes the stage. We see the unbridled enthusiasm of the faces on the front row. A wave of cigar lighters stretch out before them.
31) 0) text: William in the dressing room, eyes red with exhaustion, f interviewing Russell. He holds the mike stoically.
33) 0) text: The girls sit on the jumper seats at the back of the plan with William. 116 INT. BOSTON HOTEL ROOM HALLWAY -—— DAY 116 William trudges the hallway with tape-recorder and notebo trolling for Russell. He passes Boston travelogue posters the walls. A few room doors are open, he looks for any si of the guitarist. William veers into Dick's room, where a Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca poker game full of Roadies is in progress. The room is t with exotic smoke. They are a bunch of road-hardened snob smoking cigars and other items, famous to themselves, lis not to rock and roll... but Sarah Vaughn.
34) 0) text: William and Penny sit on opposite ends of a blue locker-r bench. It's a small dressing room, crowded with roadies, guitars and men in stages of half-dress. Piles of luggage headed for New York sit by the door. The door suddenly op and Dick arrives with champagne and a cake decorated with sparkler. It is placed in Penny's lap. It reads: Unforget Penny... Age Unknown. Boston, 1973. They gather now as th cake sits before a surprised and enchanted Penny Lane.
37) 0) text: On a rainy day in San Francisco, Ben Fong-Torres stands i copy-strewn office of the young editor/publisher JANN WEN Several other editors are also present in the background, including David Felton with cigarette-holder in mouth, an prep-school Fact-Checker named ALLISON.
38) 0) text: The sound of feet on pavement. William looks at addresses hustling to the Daily News office. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 126B INT. DAILY NEWS COPY STATION -—- NIGHT 126B William tears pages from his notebook and feeds them into large and clunky earliest model fax machine -- "The Mojo. hear David Bowie. "The Jean Genie." A127 EXT. MAX'S KANSAS CITY -- NIGHT Al27 William weaves, exhausted, into the Stillwater press part this legendary New York nightspot. The Doorman, who check i.d.s, sees the kid and expresses great doubt.
39) 0) text: The famous hub of New York rock and roll. A strong whiff decadence mixes with youthful naivete. Not a hippie in si William walks through, looking for familiar faces. Overhe we hear Stillwater. "If You Say Nothing." The party is fi with scenesters, long silver-haired glamsters, some Briti journalists, and many hunched young skinny bodies in leat jackets. Russell grabs him by the arm.
42) 0) text: William on the house phone. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
43) 8) text: (eyes report) She's a little confused. The ice shifts in the champagne bucket nearby. The Doctor sizes up the situation.
43) 76) dialog: I'm gay. They all turn to the silent drummer. (It's his first spok dialogue of the movie.) Then. The plane pops out from below the clouds. Sunshine spikes through the embattled windows of the plane, as they float downwards to the city of Tupelo, Mississippi. A very very uneasy silence fills the plane. No one can look at each o Out bursts the Co-Pilot, giddy with victory.
44) 20) text: Let him use the big office. It's where Hunter used to write. William rises, gratefully. He shakes Jann's hand.
45) 0) text: William moves like a zombie through the airport, and coll in a seat. He sits still in the crowded flow of human tra A cluster of Flight Attendants pass. One stops, a stylish woman wearing a tall bubble-shaped PSA hat with swirling
45) 18) text: My life. 162 INT. EDITORIAL OFFICE — DAY 162 Russell stands with the editors, observing the fine portr on the walls. He's behind enemy lines, and he knows it. Everything in the room fascinates him.
45) 30) text: at the entrance. Raises his hand. RUSSELL (cont'd) Good evening! 162A EXT. SAN FRANCISCO — DAY 162A Russell stands outside, a traveling man with no where to Oddly, and in a way that surprises him, the world begins speak to him again... little noises everywhere, turning i music of its own. It's a beautiful and compelling "silenc He thrusts his hands deep in his pockets, and takes a bre of life. His head filling again with the music of the wor he begins to walk down the street. Very naturally, and qu randomly, he is noticed by young passersby. They can't he it. He looks like a star. They can't quite figure out who is, but it's someone, and they begin to follow him down t street. Unbeknownst to him as he walks along, deep in tho a small crowd begins to form... following him. 163 INT. BREAKFAST TABLE — DAY 163 A quiet kitchen. Anita has been cooking. A substantial breakfast has been placed on the table. Sausage, orange juice... and now Anita sets down a plate of pancakes, wit syrup and butter, in front of her mother. William watches mother facing an old enemy - white sugar.