0) 0) dialog: Excuse me, I'm a teacher. There is no word in The English Language -- "Xmas." It's either Merry Christmas... or Happy Holidays. The Workman nods thanks, with faux appreciation, as Mom t away. The Workman shares a look with William, who shrugs that's my Mom.
0) 3) dialog: -- killed everyone off so her son Tiberius could inherit the throne. (thoughtful pause) Just like Nixon. William nods, intrigued. He has a good disposition. The world of knowledge engages him, and he loves what it brin out in his Mom. There is a small clatter at the front doo as the girl we've just seen enters, barely brushing some She silently curses herself. ELAINE (cont'd) Anita, is that you?
1) 1) dialog: You sure? I'm making soy cutlets. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca The words "soy cutlets" sends a small shiver through the
1) 3) dialog: Wait. You've been kissing.
1) 5) dialog: (peering at her lips) Yes... yes, you have...
1) 7) dialog: Yes you have. I can tell.
1) 9) dialog: Not only can I tell, I know who it is. It's Darryl. Anita is stunned silent. She turns slightly to look at he in a hall mirror, searching for clues, implicating hersel immediately. ELAINE (cont'd) And what have you got under your coat? This is the booty Anita didn't want to give up. Mom picks the corner of an album cover now visible under her jacket She withdraws the album. It's Simon and Garfunkel's Booke
1) 11) dialog: (weary of the issue) Honey, it's all about drugs and promiscuous sex.
1) 13) dialog: Yes it's poetry. It's the poetry of drugs and promiscuous sex. Look at the picture on the cover...
1) 16) dialog: That was an experiment. But I understand —
1) 18) dialog: Honey, you want to rebel against knowledge. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca ELAINE (cont'd) I'm trying to give you the Cliff's Notes on how to live in this world.
1) 20) dialog: I'm a teacher. Why can't I teach my own kids? (pats chest) Use me.
1) 22) dialog: (immediately, can't help it) Well, clearly, "no" is a word Darryl doesn't hear much. Anita gasps. Ever the peacemaker, William weighs in. Near is a poster —- "No More War."
1) 24) dialog: Everything I say is wrong.
1) 28) dialog: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca Sweetheart, don't be a drama queen. Anita takes a breath and then out of her mouth comes the strangled-sounding words of a kid swearing at her parent the first time.
1) 30) dialog: Hey! Anita runs down the hall to her room. Elaine turns to Wil relating to him more as a fellow parent than a child. ELAINE (cont'd) Well, there it is. Your sister using the "f£" word.
1) 32) dialog: (sputtering) What's the difference?
3) 11) dialog: (cheerfully, by rote, to William in back) Put on your seatbelt. I don't want you flying through the windshield. Anita examines her own un-fastened seatbelt, which Mom ha noticed.
3) 13) dialog: (cheerful, automatic) "Received" your annual.
3) 15) dialog: Enjoy it while you can. Camera drifts from Mom to Anita, who can take it no longe
3) 17) dialog: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca (pleasant, pointed) Can this wait until we get home?
3) 19) dialog: (as in "be quiet") He knows how old he is.
3) 22) dialog: What's a "Narc?"
3) 24) dialog: Well what's wrong with that?
3) 26) dialog: (confessing, in a rush) I also put you in first grade when you were five and never told you.
3) 29) dialog: (that one hurts) He never asked.
3) 31) dialog: Honey... sweetheart... don't be Cleopatra. We have to be his mother and his Dad.
3) 36) dialog: (matter of fact) I skipped you an extra grade. You're eleven.
3) 41) dialog: And you skipped kindergarten because I taught it to you when you were four.
3) 44) dialog: Adolescence is a marketing tool.
3) 48) dialog: Who needs a "crowd?" You're unique. You're two years ahead of everybody. Take those extra years and do what you want. Go to Europe for a year! Take a look around, see what you like! Follow your dream! Mom and Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca You'll still be the youngest lawyer in the country. Your own great grandfather practiced law until he was 93. Your dad was so proud of you. He knew you were a pronominally accelerated child.
3) 50) dialog: (heartbroken, can't help herself) You're rebellious and ungrateful of my love.
4) 2) dialog: We can't talk? We have to listen to rock music? 13 EXT. FRONT LAWN -— DAY 13 William watches sadly. Anita's good-looking boyfriend DAR a dead ringer for young Stephen Stills, loads her suitcas into a large turqouise Chevy. The suitcases are adorned w plastic stick-on flowers. All coolness is leaving William life. Mom watches nearby, worried and helpless. (Their ho Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca is more austere, less "fun" than the other front lawns.)
4) 4) dialog: How can she leave such a loving family? Anita turns and heads towards them. She focuses on Willia placing her hands on his young shoulders. Her face is ver close to him now, as she delivers this sage prediction of future.
4) 6) dialog: She'll be back. In the distance we hear the whoop of her daughter.
4) 9) dialog: Maybe not soon... William watches wistfully. He moves away from his mother. She pulls him closer. Shot moves in on his slightly fearf face. 14 INT. DARRYL'S CAR — DAY 14 Anita looks back at the receding American Gothic-image of mother and brother. Sister waves to brother. She feels fo him. Music now shifts to The Who's "Sparks." 15 INT. BEDROOOM —- NIGHT 15 Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca William locks the door. He reaches under his bed. It's a black leatherette travel bag, with tartan design. He unzi the bag -- it's filled with albums. He flips through the amazing, subversive cache of music. Cream's Wheels of Fir the seminal Bob Dylan bootleg Great White Wonder... the R Stones' Get Yer Ya Ya's Out... The Beach Boys' Pet Sounds Abraxas by Santana... Jethro Tull's Stand Up... The Mothe Invention's We're Only In It For The Money... Led Zeppeli Crosby, Stills and Nash... Miles Davis' Bitches Brew... a The Who's Tommy... with a note taped to it.
4) 49) dialog: Look at this. An entire generation of Cinderellas and there's no slipper coming. William looks out the window at the sign: TONIGHT - SOLD BLACK SABBATH with special guest Stillwater. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
4) 51) dialog: Black. Sabbath. Just remember - you wanted to be Atticus Finch in To Kill a Mockingbird. The kid doesn't answer. He silently goes over his questio ELAINE (cont'd) As long as I know this is just a hobby, I'll go along with it.
4) 53) dialog: (dryly) I'll be waiting right here at eleven ‘o clock sharp. If you get lost, use the family whistle. He unhooks his seatbelt, stuffs his questions into an ora canvas shoulder-bag and exits. Elaine watches her son disappearing into the stony rock-c crowd. It's a windy night. Everything about this image troubles her. She fights with herself, and then uses the whistle immediately. He turns. ELAINE (cont'd) (sweetly, too loud) Don't take drugs!! Fifteen concert-goers turn around instinctively, at the s of a Mother, and then identify William as the object of h concern. All around him, we hear:
5) 79) dialog: I worry about the drunk drivers.
5) 81) dialog: Yes, you're 15. "And here's that money I owed you." She reaches in a small box near the door, gives him twent bucks. It's their routine. ELAINE (cont'd) Your dad's favorite joke. I don't do it as well.
5) 83) dialog: Keep the small bills on the outside. And call me if anyone gets drunk. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
5) 85) dialog: Good.
5) 87) dialog: (stoic) Ha ha. Very funny. See -—- sense of humor. Have fun at the dance. I'm glad you're making friends. They move to the door, and he steadies her, as if to remi her she's not going. He opens the door. She's a wreck, an she knows it.
5) 89) dialog: Yeah -
5) 91) dialog: Oh... okay.
8) 0) text: Elaine now gets on the extension.
8) 1) dialog: Honey, I need you to do that thing that fixes the garbage disposal -- She hangs up. INT. WILLIAM'S BEDROOM --— CONTINUOUS The kid is paralyzed.
11) 0) text: Elaine arrives to find William, Mrs. Deegan and Darryl aw her in the living room. It's a 1973-style intervention. T wear sunny, compassionate smiles.
11) 1) dialog: Whatever it is, the answer is no.
11) 5) dialog: What's involved?
11) 7) dialog: Is it time for me to say something?
11) 9) dialog: No.
11) 11) dialog: No.
11) 13) dialog: (rueful) "Lo, that which I have feared has come upon me."
11) 15) dialog: (with compassion) No. I have raised him to be an honor student, which he is. We have agreed on all our goals. We raised him to be a lawyer, we moved here to be near the finest law school in the West. Plus, he has finals coming up, and in one week he graduates with all his friends
11) 20) dialog: This is going to be hell. Across the room, Darryl takes his position near the stere
11) 22) dialog: When is it going to start — Soon. Immediately, overlapping, the vocal begins. ("There's a l who's sure all that glitters is gold.")
15) 0) text: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca Mom's face remains stoic to the bitter end. ("... and sh buying the Stairway to Heaven.") The song ends. Silence. All look to Elaine. They wait on her response. We hear th turntable arm return to its cradle.
15) 1) dialog: What am I supposed to say? You say it's Tolkien, fine. They sound like nice kids. Is it meant to elevate humanity? "Sure, let's elevate humanity. After we sell you drugs and sex." All I have is my honesty. That's what I believe, and that's what I know. (flipping through magazine) Oh. Here's a nice ad. She holds up the magazine. And ad reads, in large bold ty BUY THIS FUCKING ALBUM. ELAINE (cont'd) You've clearly ganged up on me, and I still say no. No no no no no no no. She shuts her eyes, and blurts out something against her judgement. ELAINE (cont'd)
16) 15) dialog: Has William Miller arrived yet? He hasn't. Could you give him a message as soon as you see him? - 58 INT. BUS -—- NIGHT 58 Several hours later on this ride. Outside, night and dese Inside, a few cigarettes, a joint of two glow in the dark of the bus. The end of the Led Zeppelin classic "Whole Lo Love" plays from the bus stereo, full blast. Everybody is free and anonymous in the dark. They sing at full-volume. William looks out the window in wonder.
20) 3) dialog: (measured, very proper) May I speak with William please?
20) 5) dialog: No this isn't Maryann with the pot. This is Elaine... his Mother. Estrella physically recoils. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
20) 7) dialog: Could you please give him a message? Could you tell him to call home immediately? And could you also tell him - (at full power) I know what's going on.
21) 39) dialog: I guess I just miss you, and I don't understand why I've driven both my kids so far away from me. By all practical rules don't I get you for three more years? He is touched by her vulnerability, more visible now than as music continues in b.g. ELAINE (cont'd) Was I not fun? 81 INT. BACKSTAGE PAY PHONE -—- NIGHT 81 William has his finger in his ear. The din if Stillwater' set now blots out all other noise. It is not the time to this question.
21) 41) dialog: 
21) 45) dialog: (angry, louder)
30) 6) dialog: Listen to me. Your charm does not work on me. I'm onto you. Of course you like him.
30) 8) dialog: He worships you people and that's fine with you, as long as he helps make you rich.
30) 10) dialog: Listen to me. He's a smart, good- hearted, 15 year-old kid, with infinite potential. Russel looks over at the kid, eyes narrowing as he proces the truth. He's 15? ELAINE (cont'd) Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca This is not some apron-wearing mother you're talking to. I know about your Valhalla of Decadence, and I shouldn't have let him go. He is not ready for your world of compromised values, and diminished brain cells that you throw away like confetti. Am I speaking clearly to you?
30) 12) dialog: If you break his spirit, harm him in any way, keep him from his chosen profession -- which is law, Something you may not value but I do -- you will meet the voice on the other end of this telephone. And it will not be pretty. Do we understand each other?
30) 14) dialog: (always the teacher) I didn't ask for this role, but I'll play it. Now go do your best. "Be bold and mighty forces will come to your aide!" Goethe said that. It's not too late for you to be a person of substance. Get my son home safely, I'm glad we spoke. She hangs up. Russell hangs up, oddly affected and shook
35) 1) dialog: Then don't come home. Don't do this to me. If you're going to miss graduation, don't come home. She hangs up. 121 INT. PRODUCTION OFFICE -—- NIGHT 121 Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca William on the phone. Speechless. 122 INT. COLLEGE CLASSROOM —— DAY 122 Elaine faces her Humanities class. She stands in an amphitheater-style, inner-city college classroom, decorat with colorful unorthodox artifacts from her home. These e city college students listen to her. But she cannot conti There is a thundering upset inside her.
35) 2) dialog: I'm sorry. I can't concentrate. (beat, confesses, unhinged) Rock stars kidnaped my son. 123 INT. BAND PLANE —- DAY 123 Music. Russell and band bounces down in NYC. Russell list to music on headphones plugged into large boom box. 124 INT. LIMOUSINE -— DAY 124 William watches, facing the band from the jump seat of th limousine, heading into New York. Up ahead, Manhattan loo beautiful and scary.
42) 21) text: And to the class of 1973, we say -- (beat) Don't forget to remember yourself as you are today... Full of hope... and the dream that everything is possible... Remember this, twenty years from now, when we all own home computers and we all travel in shiny electrical cars that move swiftly, high above the city... (beat) They key to the future is keeping today alive forever. Elaine's head lowers slowly in a sea of happy parents. Th day will never end. Mrs. Deegan slips into the seat next her.
42) 23) dialog: Please let there be only two, because I can't get past Number One.
42) 25) dialog: He's got twelve of them. They're lined up. He's just tired of me.
45) 13) dialog: I don't know. Whatever happened to him, I just wish it could have happened to me.
45) 32) dialog: I went through your records. And I found a song to play for you. She goes to the stereo and puts on a record. The two chil eye each other - what's coming next? (Song to be chosen) The two kids eye each other again. Self-consciously avoid their gaze, Mom sits and toys with her breakfast. It's a she clearly wants them to hear. It's a song from the hear They look at her, amazed. Elaine looks up, regards her fa Somehow they're back at this table. They continue eating breakfast. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca