4) 60) dialog: Who are you with?
4) 62) dialog: No, who are you with? What band?
4) 68) dialog: Ohhh!
4) 70) text: We. Are not. "Groupies." Estrella indicates Penny with great reverence.
4) 71) dialog: This is Penny Lane, man. Show some respect.
4) 74) dialog: She used to run a school for Band Aids.
4) 76) dialog: Marc Bolan broke her heart, man. It's famous.
4) 78) dialog: She was the one who changed everything. She said "no more sex, no more exploiting our bodies and hearts... "
4) 83) dialog: Polexia!! Did you tell Sabbath we were going to be here?
4) 88) dialog: Ozzy!!! Tony!!! It's us!! A long black limo with darkened windows swishes past, bee twice. The metal backstage gate rises and the limo rolls inside. And then silence again. The girls do not discuss being rebuffed. ESTRELLA (cont'd) I think I saw Sapphire in there.
4) 90) dialog: (peering into purse) I'm really happy he's doing so well.
4) 93) dialog: (with compassion) Don't you just root for him, you know. To go that little distance between good and great?
18) 0) text: Stillwater's "Fever Dog" plays from the t.v. radio. Willi on the bed, a thick local phone book on his lap. His hote room. He watches self-consciously as the girls go about t ritual of inhabiting a room on the road. Sapphire flutter paisley scarf over the room lamp. Polexia puts a towel al the crack of the door, blows out the glowing embers on to many sticks of incense, and moves to the phone. Estrella joined them as well, complete with a bag full of shoes. Instantly, we have atmosphere and not much room left in t the smallest room in the hotel. William thumbs through th phone book with fascination.
18) 10) dialog: (looking out window) Oh my God. Simon Kirke of Bad Company is by the pool. The girls mobilize by the window. William is increasingly aware that he is an outsider in his own tiny room. He tri to organize his stuff in the corner.
18) 13) dialog: Is anybody here as worried about Penny and Russell as I am?
19) 5) dialog: (flipping luggage tag) Ooooo0o0, sorry, Mr. 42.
19) 8) dialog: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca Or a guy who looked like Jimmy Page. William looks at their troubled faces, full of too much-l and too much make-up.
19) 30) dialog: William's room. INT. ROLLING STONE OFFICE -—-— NIGHT Ben Fong-Torres is calling from Rolling Stone.
19) 32) dialog: I think I just messed up! 65 INT. RADIO STATION -— NIGHT -- SAME TIME 65 Quince raises his head and continues on-the-air. The same song is still ending.
20) 0) text: The phone is ringing. Estrella emerges from the bathroom no make-up and a t-shirt. She picks up the phone. Across room, Sapphire signs for room service. Now she is far too made-up. The t.v. radio plays Free's "Fire and Water" in b.g.
20) 1) dialog: (suspiciously) Hello?
20) 4) dialog: (cheerfully) He's not here. I think he's in the bar with the Band. They just got back from the radio station. Is this Maryann with the pot? Silence. ESTRELLA (cont'd) Hello?
20) 8) dialog: Alright. Okay. But I'm just going to say this, and I'm going to stand by it. (can't help herself) You should be really proud of him. "Cause I know guys... and I'll bet you do too. And he respects women, and he likes women, and let's just pause and appreciate a man like that. You created him out of thin air, and you raised him right, and we're all looking out for him. And that's more than I've ever said to my own parents, so there you go. (silence) This is the maid speaking, by the way. 68 INT. HOTEL LOBBY -— NIGHT 68 Russell and William sit in two large red-leatherette seat the hotel lobby. William shuffles through many pages of questions written in small script. His tape recorder micr sits balanced on the chair.
21) 17) dialog: I forgot to tell you! Your mom says to call home immediately. She says she knows what's going on! (receding) See you guys in Topeka! I'll catch a ride with Sabbath! William nods with embarrassment, waves to her, as the bus toward the now closing gate.