4) 107) dialog: The enemy! A rock writer!
4) 111) dialog: You guys never listened to our records. You're all just frustrated musicians. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca Do you know what your magazine SAID about us? What was it - "the singer's incessant cater walling distracts From an assault with no clear purpose."
4) 116) dialog: Yeah, come back here!! Keep going! They wave him back, as the backstage door opens again. Th kid moves back down the ramp. They herd him in with them, through the door. Scotty quickly spots the kid and square off. Russell notes the kid's swirling emotional state, shoves forward.
4) 122) dialog: (aside, to the kid) This is Red Dog, the Allman Brothers Band's number one roadie. Russel clamps an arm around Red Dog's neck.
4) 126) dialog: Some money would be nice. Jeff sprays some shaving cream into his palm, and rubs it his scalp - poor man's mousse.
4) 128) dialog: And the chicks are great.
4) 132) dialog: The next album will be even better. More texture.
4) 136) dialog: (impressed) We used to talk more about this stuff.
5) 36) dialog: (exiting, to William) The Enemy!! Yeah!! Come to L.A., we'll take some more. Russell joins Jeff, exiting and laughing. A good show is in the air.
16) 0) text: The Stillwater Tour Bus rumbles down the desert highway. destination banner reads - ALMOST FAMOUS -—- TOUR 73. Mus continues. 56 INT. BUS -— DAY 56 William strains for a look at Russell five rows up. He pl slide guitar, working out a part. Next to Russell is Penn Lane. Penny raises an early-model Polaroid camera and - f — takes a picture of a nearby sleeping Jeff Bebe.
17) 9) dialog: I'm worried, man.
17) 11) dialog: But it's Rolling Stone. He looks harmless, but he does represent the magazine that trashed Eric Clapton, broke up Cream, ripped Led Zeppelin, and wrote that lame story about the Allman Brothers Band that bummed Duane out before he died. Don't forget the Rules. This little shit is the Enemy. He writes what he sees. (beat) But it would be cool to be on the cover.
17) 13) dialog: Plus our girlfriends read this magazine and — (looking at Band-aids) -- you know.
19) 34) dialog: Well... not to get into a "me" thing... this is Jeff talking... but I did start the band, some time, actually, ago. This is back when we were the Jeff Bebe band, and I placed an ad ina magazine called Peaches looking for a guitarist and Russell Hammond answered. Quince nods, head bowed, swaying slowly.
19) 36) dialog: I think he was a gift from God, actually. Nobody plays like Russell Hammond.
19) 38) dialog: Everybody pays you compliments. It's not my fucking job to kiss your fucking ass all the time.
20) 10) text: Whoa! (laughing) I need three more beers and my guitar before I can answer that question. Let's take a walk. 69 EXT. HOTEL POOL AREA — NIGHT 69 Russell walks the outskirts of the pool area with William William follows him through the sliding glass door to his facing the pool. Russell grabs his guitar. They stand for moment, unheard by the others, and regard the living port twenty yards in front of them. The off-limits after-hours pool area has been overtaken by the Stillwater tour membe Jeff Bebe sits in a chair nearby. Dick laughs at a joke. Always the life of the party, Penny Lane dispenses stolen from a maid cart. And she is the first to slip into the p for some after-hours, against-the-rules swimming. Effortl she turns a collection of people into a party. They regar her, well out of earshot of the others.
21) 35) dialog: Hey.
21) 51) text: I'm almost done with my shirt. Ed watches her appreciatively, drumming silently on a rub pad. Penny kisses Russell, who swings her onto his lap. I the corner, Jeff watches them all with a vague feeling of underappreciated. And now Dick enters with a large cardbo box.
21) 54) dialog: (bitterly) Yeah. Okay.
21) 58) dialog: Well, it speaks pretty loudly to me.
21) 60) dialog: I'm always gonna tell you the truth.
21) 62) dialog: Oh yeah. All the time. The kid looks down. JEFF (cont'd) This is big stuff, man. From the very beginning -- we said -- I'm the front man and you're the guitarist with mystique. That's the dynamic we agreed on -- Page, Plant... Mick, Keith. But somehow it's all turning around. We have got to control what's happening to us. There's a responsibility here -
21) 64) dialog: Forgive me. (continuing, on shirt) But this is the slow-moving train of Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca compromise that will kill us. Russell makes a disgusted noise. Penny Lane exits discree looking back at William. JEFF (cont'd) I can't say anymore with a writer here.
21) 66) dialog: (eyes suddenly moist) I works as hard or harder than anybody on that stage. You know what I do - I connect. I get people off. I look for the guy who isn't getting off, and I make him get off. (beat) Actually, that you can print. (continues to Russell) And yet, why do I always end up feeling like I'm a joke to you? I feel nothing but love for you. We're a family. He looks at the t-shirt and starts to cry. Embarrassed, h grows angrier. JEFF (cont'd) You want to pretend this isn't going to be a very big band. Well it is. You call yourself a leader of this band, but your direction allowed the t-shirt, when you allowed Dick to manage us, ‘cause he's your friend... don't you see? The t-shirt is everything. It's everything.
21) 68) dialog: Oh, this is the part where you quit -
21) 70) dialog: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca No I gotta tell the truth -- I want you to like me. But sometimes I feel like you collect people who love you and then very skillfully... you make them feel bad that they're not good enough for you.
21) 72) dialog: Deal with it! And let me just say what nobody Else wants to say to you —
21) 74) dialog: Your looks have become a problem. 82A EXT. BACKSTAGE — NIGHT 82A Russell walks swiftly past a happy silver-haired man, who court with beer in hand. He dresses too young for his age late fifties. He is DAD.
31) 4) dialog: (arrogant) Bring him in! We'll send him out on a rail!
31) 10) dialog: Doris is the soul of this band! That bus has been our home since we were the Jeff Bebe Band. Dick watches his loyal band with admiration.
35) 5) dialog: " skyscrapers and everything."
35) 11) dialog: Leslie!
40) 6) dialog: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca (tears welling, instantly) The cover of Rolling Stone. And we made it together. They don't just put somebody with one little hit on the cover of Rolling Stone Fucking Magazine, man. We made it. The band nods solemnly, importantly. JEFF (cont'd) (continuing) Damn it -- I'm gonna enjoy this. The first time I bought that magazine The Beatles were on the cover. Four of them. Four of us. Together.
43) 30) dialog: What happened to you last night?
43) 36) dialog: We shouldn't be here.
43) 39) dialog: "Electrical storm?"
43) 43) dialog: I can't breathe. Push in on Russell. We hear a series of unfamiliar electr sounds. The plane screwballs through the sky.
43) 47) dialog: (insecurities running wild) We're gonna crash in Elvis' hometown —-
43) 49) dialog: —- we can't even die in an original city!
43) 58) dialog: I did too.
43) 60) dialog: I also slept with Leslie, when you were fighting.
43) 64) dialog: (the truth) I don't love you, man. I never did.
43) 66) dialog: NONE of us love you. You act above Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca us. You ALWAYS HAVE!!
43) 68) dialog: You just held it over us, like you light leave... like we're lucky to be with you. And we had to live with it. I had to live with you, and now I might die with you and it's not fucking fair. William watches, catatonic.
43) 70) dialog: And I'm still in love with you Leslie. Bam. The plane is pulling sideways, and dropping altitude
43) 73) dialog: Don't be self-righteous, Russell, not now. You were sleeping with Penny, that groupie. Last summer, and up until yesterday. Why don't you tell Leslie THAT? Russell tries to get up and attack him. The force keeps h in his seat. He yells. Loud.
43) 79) dialog: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca Well, I think we can build on this new honesty. Boom. Russell attacks him, and they're pulled apart. The band continues moving forward, arriving at a fork in the terminals. William stops. This is where he must part comp He stands at the mouth of the next terminal, as the band continues, unaware he's split off. He watches their backs they've forgotten him. Then Russell turns, sensing something missing. William. A now stop and turn. Still shell-shocked, they summon a pre occupied but heartfelt goodbye. William waves. Music continues.
44) 43) dialog: Look. Let's just piece together our information... because the fact-checker asked us all about different parts of the story.
44) 45) dialog: It. All. He's using it all. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
44) 47) dialog: So what? (beat) We come off like amateurs... some average band... trying to come to grips, jealous and fighting and breaking up — we're buffoons!
44) 49) dialog: He was supposed to be our friend.
44) 53) dialog: They used him to fuck us.
44) 57) dialog: He was never a "person!" He was a Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca journalist! Russell nods. He looks at Silent Ed, drumming soundlessly a rubber pad.
44) 63) dialog: (brightening) Is that true?