4) 16) dialog: What is this hippie station?! Where's Iggy Pop? Don't you have a copy of Raw Power?!
4) 46) dialog: Yeah. And you should build your reputation on being honest... and unmerciful.
9) 0) text: The great Lester Bangs stands in the promotional album-cl bedroom of his Birmingham, Michigan, home/office at Creem Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca Magazine. There is nothing in frame that does not deal w music. In the background, a scratchy and chaotic Coltrane record.
9) 1) dialog: Beware Rolling Stone Magazine. They will change your story, they'll re- write it and turn it into swill. Beware! !
9) 3) dialog: (laughs, entertained) You have starry eyes, my friend. (beat) Look. Do the story. It's a good break for ya. But remember this —- The kid listens intently, and makes notes. LESTER BANGS (cont'd) don't do it to make friends with people who are trying to use you to further the big business desire to glorify worthless rock stars like Stillwater. And don't let those swill merchants re-write you.
9) 5) dialog: Now. What are you listening to?
26) 14) dialog: How's it going?
26) 17) dialog: (pacing, assembling thoughts with his hands) You're flipping out. That's good. Alright. This is how you blow their minds. He'll ask you - this is Ben Fong-Torres, right? -— he'll ask you how the story's going. Here's what you do - let's fry his mind. Tell him "it's a think piece about a mid-level band struggling with their own limitations in the harsh face of stardom." Ha ha!! This is fun! William scrambles to make notes.
44) 23) dialog: Aw, man. You made friends with them! See, friendship is the booze they feed you. They want you to get drunk on feeling like you belong.
44) 26) dialog: They make you feel cool. And hey. I met you. You are not "cool."
44) 28) dialog: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca That's because we are uncool! And while women will always be a problem for guys like us, most of the great art in the world is about that very problem. Good-looking people have no spine! Their art never lasts! They get the girls, but we're smarter.
44) 30) dialog: Yeah, great art is about conflict and pain and guilt and longing and love disguised as sex, and sex disguised as love... and let's face it, you got a big head start.
44) 32) dialog: I'm always home! I'm uncool!
44) 34) dialog: (leveling) The only true currency in this bankrupt world if what we share with someone else when we're uncool.
44) 36) dialog: My advice to you. I know you think those guys are your friends. You want to be a true friend to them? William takes a deep breath. Looks at the research casset notebooks. The empty page.
44) 37) dialog: Be honest and unmerciful. (beat) You're doing great. Call me later is you want. I'm always up. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 154 INT. ROLLING STONE OUTER OFFICE -— MORNING 154 Ben Fong-Torres and David Felton look at William's new manuscript with great interest.