11) 0) text: Elaine arrives to find William, Mrs. Deegan and Darryl aw her in the living room. It's a 1973-style intervention. T wear sunny, compassionate smiles.
11) 2) dialog: Elaine, we need to talk to you. Nothing is wrong. I am a teacher. You're a teacher. We speak the same language. Mom sits down. She is fully engaged and worried, her natu state. MRS. DEEGAN (cont'd) Now I'm not a jump-—up-and-down person, but something wondrous has happened to William. And you have every reason to be happy... (knows her) and calm. Carefully gauging Elaine's face, the teacher continues. MRS. DEEGAN (cont'd) William has been gifted with a shining opportunity in the world of journalism. Through a love of music, and at an oddly-young age, he has received a major assignment from a national publication called Rolling Stone Magazine. Mrs. Deegan produces a copy, and places it on Elaine's la It sits there like the plague. MRS. DEEGAN (cont'd) Now you are rather famously not a fan of rock music, but such are the ironies of life, that happens to be the very topic of William's assignment — (cheerfully) - rock music. A band. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
11) 6) dialog: Well. It's a great opportunity. He'll be well-paid, and published nationally -—- (quickly) -- and he'll go on tour with a rock band for four days. No small planes... he travels on a bus.
11) 8) dialog: Sure.
11) 10) dialog: And in anticipation of that response —
11) 12) dialog: —- William has prepared --
11) 18) dialog: Elaine, may I present to you... your own son. William takes a lawyerly stroll, turns to face his mom.
42) 21) text: And to the class of 1973, we say -- (beat) Don't forget to remember yourself as you are today... Full of hope... and the dream that everything is possible... Remember this, twenty years from now, when we all own home computers and we all travel in shiny electrical cars that move swiftly, high above the city... (beat) They key to the future is keeping today alive forever. Elaine's head lowers slowly in a sea of happy parents. Th day will never end. Mrs. Deegan slips into the seat next her.
42) 22) dialog: First. Release the guilt. (Elaine nods) Second —
42) 24) dialog: Second. Leave a little room for the other teachers in this world. He's out there looking for mentors.