4) 64) dialog: you're not a what?
4) 66) dialog: Not a "what"?
4) 70) text: We. Are not. "Groupies." Estrella indicates Penny with great reverence.
4) 73) dialog: "Groupies" sleep with rock stars because they want to be near someone famous. We are here because of the music. We are Band Aids.
4) 75) dialog: We don't have intercourse with these guys. We support the music. We inspire the music. We are here because of the music. William is nodding like a doll in a dashboard window. Listening.
4) 77) dialog: It's a long story. I'm retired now. I'm just visiting friends.
4) 85) dialog: This is our journalist friend. Journalist Friend, meet Estrella Starr, and Polexia Aphrodisia. And you are --
4) 91) dialog: (regarding what's in purse) Yeah. I know he's such a talented guy. I mean, look at him. Who deserves it more?
4) 94) dialog: Wait. That's not his. I would know his. A very odd look on his face, William now cranes for a dis look. What's in that purse?
4) 99) dialog: He's with us.
4) 104) dialog: (privately, to William) I'll go take care of this. Sadly, they leave him behind. The thundering arena sound the collecting crowd, the p.a. system blasting Yes' "Roundabout"... purposeful roadies carrying guitar cases. the glimpse of backstage rock and roll... everything he w to be a part of is on the other side of this door. And th it shuts. He stands alone. At the top of the ramp, a tour bus unloads. It reads -—- STILLWATER TOUR 73. Moving loudly out of the bus is the o band. This is Stillwater. Four road-weary band members, a their road manager. Voices booming. RUSSELL HAMMOND, 27, presses the buzzer with the nose of guitar-case. It's obvious from moment one. This is the st of the band, the charismatic one. He's tired. They're lat Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca William recognizes him instantly, as the guitarist stret The buzzer goes unanswered. The kid is invisible to him, the others now arrive behind Russell. Tour/band manager DICK ROSWELL, 27, follows, loudly bangi the steel door. He has the flaxen-haired look of a former hippie, but he carries the emblem of a real pro -—- the n silver Halliburton briefcase covered with backstage passe His direction is always - forward.
5) 0) text: William sits on the backstage steps, writing feverishly i notebook. Behind him, two steps higher, Penny Lane scoots into place.
5) 1) dialog: I found you a pass.
5) 3) dialog: You're learning. They're much more fun on the way up. William nods, still scribbling. She eases down into place the step next to him. Her proximity cause him to look at her, his eyebrows rising. She smooths them down with two fingers. PENNY LANE (cont'd) How old are you?
5) 5) dialog: Me too. (beat) How old are we really?
5) 7) dialog: Me too.
5) 9) dialog: Me too. Isn't it funny? The truth just sounds Different.
5) 11) dialog: You want to know how old I really am?
5) 13) dialog: It's a long story.
5) 15) dialog: We live in the same city. We should be friends. She takes his backstage pass form his shirt and puts it o thigh - the cooler location. Nearby, the dressing room do opens, and the Stillwater exits. Excitement level rises a they mass in the hallway with instruments. We hear the am voice of Russell growing nearer.
5) 18) dialog: (stepping into view) Pleasure.
5) 20) dialog: Have we met?
5) 40) dialog: 
5) 41) dialog: (calming him) Hey. Hey. Be cool.
5) 43) dialog: I think I've heard of it.
5) 45) dialog: I get the gist.
5) 47) dialog: Call me if you need a rescue. We live in the same city.
5) 49) dialog: Speaking of the world. I've made a decision. (a very serious secret) I'm going to live in Morocco for one year. I need a new crowd. He nods. He is a rapt audience for this flashy girl. PENNY (cont'd) Do you want to come?
5) 51) dialog: It's a plan. You've got to call me.
5) 53) dialog: It's all happening.
5) 93) dialog: The Continental Hyatt House. Also known as The Riot House. (does tour guide voice) Every band stays here, all the ones that matter. The Who. Zeppelin. Alice. Bowie. English bands. American bands. We all know each other. Twenty-— four hour room service. Like us, they were outsiders. They were so outside, they're inside, and insiders never even knew it, because they're outsiders and they are inside a place outsiders will never be. And why are we even talking about it? If you're really an insider, you're never gonna say it. You know what I mean?
5) 95) dialog: And we're not gonna hang out with Russell. You can, but not me.
5) 97) dialog: It's all happening. (grabbing him like a shield) And I'm about to use you as protection.
5) 99) dialog: (aside) These guys are with Alice Cooper. I'm going to pretend I don't know them.
5) 101) dialog: I'm just showing my very dear, very wonderful friend around. He's a very important writer - he knows Lester Bangs. (English accent) I'm responsible for his moral conduct while he's abroad.
5) 103) dialog: I'm retired. (uses English accent) And don't argue with me!
5) 105) text: (moving, English accent) Have we met? Effortlessly touching an arm here and there, charming all she had four men suddenly circling her. PENNY LANE (cont'd) I've made a decision. I'm going to go traveling in India. Then I'm going to learn how to play the violin. Then I'm going to go to college for one year. William looks at her, perplexed and a little hurt. What a Morocco?
5) 108) dialog: Please. I throw the little ones back. Lusty laughs circle William. Overlapping this dialogue is appearance of our friend Polexia.
5) 113) dialog: Ric is a Zeppelin fan.
5) 115) dialog: He tours with them, but not "with" them.
5) 117) dialog: This is my very dear, very close, very wonderful friend William Miller, he is very close with Lester Bangs.
5) 119) dialog: I'm retired! Doesn't anybody believe me!?
6) 0) text: Penny nearby as William picks up the house phone. He shou over the din.
7) 0) text: William, Polexia and an ambivalent Penny walk the hallway looking for the room. William looks in the passing open d each one a different window into another world.
7) 1) dialog: Okay. Time to put on the lampshade. Up ahead, the door to their smallish hotel room is open. Inside, a band party in full swing. A clunky early-model box segues from James Brown's "Make It Funky" to Led Zepp "Gallows Pole." Russell Hammond is the center of this par jabbing out the chords, playing along on guitar. Much sin echoes all around. It's a hotel-room Hootenanny, and all members of the band are present. Penny Lane takes a breat and enters, with arms extended and pointing in opposite directions. She does a flawless stewardess imitation, wit proper hand gestures, to a loud party ovation. PENNY LANE (cont'd) "Ladies and Gentlemen. Please extinguish all smoking materials and notice that the captain has turned on The No Smoking sign. Your seat and tray tables should be locked in their full and upright positions."
7) 3) dialog: She is instantly and overwhelmingly, the life of this par Russell joins William.
7) 6) dialog: (continuing) Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca "In the unlikely event of a water landing, the seat below you will serve asa -" (give up) Oh, the hell with it. They all applaud her, laughing. William watches her with wonder, as she turns his way and winks. Jeff approaches t alluring Polexia, and goes to get her a beer. Meanwhile, Polexia sidles up to William. She sees him watching Penny the other side of the room.
7) 10) dialog: 
7) 11) dialog: I need ice! Penny disappears out the door, across the hallway. Russel follows a moment later. The kid's eyebrows rise. Polexia regards the kid with affection, adjusting his collar and a hair off his jacket.
7) 19) dialog: (with real indignation) How does it end? Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
7) 21) dialog: You know — the story about the girl who dumps the guy who has an ex-ex wife -- the one we don't talk about —-- and gets a hundred... okay, five letters from him, and then doesn't even leave a pass in San Diego. Wake up! I'm retired and I never believed you anyway. You're too talented and too good-looking to be trusted and everybody knows it.
7) 23) dialog: (quietly) Damn. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca He kisses her powerfully, hands at his sides. She fights keep her hands off him. Bonham's motorcycle rips by, just outside the door.
7) 25) dialog: Never.
16) 0) text: The Stillwater Tour Bus rumbles down the desert highway. destination banner reads - ALMOST FAMOUS -—- TOUR 73. Mus continues. 56 INT. BUS -— DAY 56 William strains for a look at Russell five rows up. He pl slide guitar, working out a part. Next to Russell is Penn Lane. Penny raises an early-model Polaroid camera and - f — takes a picture of a nearby sleeping Jeff Bebe.
16) 1) dialog: Gotcha. Jeff grumbles from the depths of a hangover. Penny stuffs shot in her pocket. William watches, his private heart po Polexia appears and sits next to him, noticing his shynes
16) 12) dialog: I may need to stay in your room tonight. Russell's in a bad mood. He's very Bob Dylan in Don't Look Back today. He's trying to write. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca William nods cooly -- they are comrades -- and returns t seat. A large joint passes in front of him, across him, t Polexia, as everyone cheers Doris the Bus rumbling up ano hill.
17) 15) text: Penny speaks confidentially to him. If she is slightly bo it is only because she's good at logistics, emotional and otherwise.
17) 16) dialog: Can Sapphire stay in your room tonight? She had a big fight with Ozzy, and Polexia's not working out with Jeff Bebe. (to Sapphire and Polexia) You just have to remember... these guys are jealous, insecure, talented, egocentric, and manipulative geniuses... they're lead-singers. They can say "I love you" to 20,000 people... but any fewer is a real problem. (girls nod, comforted, she continues to the kid) Jeff Bebe has so much jealousy over Russell that he can't express. Plus, he never slept last night. You keep Sapphire and I'll stay with Russell. William covers his disappointment over losing Penny as a roommate. Cooly:
18) 18) dialog: We don't have to. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
18) 20) dialog: I don't believe in attachments. No boundaries. Just the music.
18) 22) dialog: Leslie. Russell nods. The name is out in the open. PENNY (cont'd) Leslie. Leslie. Leslie. Leslie. Leslie. Leslie. Leslie. Leslie.
18) 25) dialog: Leslie. Leslie. Leslie. Lesssssslie. Leslie. Leslie. Leslie. Leslie. Leslie. Leslie. Leslie. Leslie. LESlie. Leslie... She continues saying it until it no longer has meaning. A finally she sits next to him. PENNY (cont'd) Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca (beat) Now. Have I helped you get that off your chest? They kiss.
20) 10) text: Whoa! (laughing) I need three more beers and my guitar before I can answer that question. Let's take a walk. 69 EXT. HOTEL POOL AREA — NIGHT 69 Russell walks the outskirts of the pool area with William William follows him through the sliding glass door to his facing the pool. Russell grabs his guitar. They stand for moment, unheard by the others, and regard the living port twenty yards in front of them. The off-limits after-hours pool area has been overtaken by the Stillwater tour membe Jeff Bebe sits in a chair nearby. Dick laughs at a joke. Always the life of the party, Penny Lane dispenses stolen from a maid cart. And she is the first to slip into the p for some after-hours, against-the-rules swimming. Effortl she turns a collection of people into a party. They regar her, well out of earshot of the others.
21) 0) text: Dick is waving wildly for the band to board the bus, whic been pulled up into the backstage area. He guides a saggi Russell, assisted by Penny Lane, into the bus. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
21) 16) dialog: Don't worry. It's happened to all the greats. Thank God you didn't hold the mike stand with both hands, you'd still be holding it. This is a good thing. It's a good, good, good thing. William sits nearby, watching Russell, making notes out o sight of others. The ever-wary Jeff, unseen by William, c to see that he's writing in his notebook. Dick swings into the seat across from Russell. The bus do shuts, as the promoter is still yelling. Doris is slow to gain speed, as Estrella appears, running alongside. She knocks on the window next to William.
21) 21) dialog: Give that to me. She grabs for it, they have a brief play-fight. He grabs other Polaroids from her pocket. He hustles to the back o the bus, pockets the photo, and settles down to watch the passing landscapes. She chases him down the aisle. Music continues as she sits down next to him. Out the window, a long-distance running team of Girls keeps pace with the b for a bit. They wave. Penny watches them over sunglasses, waves briefly to the real world. PENNY (cont'd) (breathing heavy, owning the world) When we go to Morocco, I think we should wear completely different clothes, and be completely different people.
21) 23) dialog: What do you think of Russell? Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
21) 25) dialog: You're coming to Cleveland, right?
21) 27) dialog: You should give him a break. There are real problems in the band. off the record. Gravely noting the word "problems", the kid joins Penny i watching Russell, who is splayed haphazardly, sleeping restlessly up ahead.
21) 29) dialog: Okay. I got it. I think your name should be Spencer, and mine will be Jane.
21) 31) dialog: No one can.
21) 33) dialog: Here's the thing about Russell. He's my last project. I only do this for a very few people. And I think we should do it together —- he is almost great. We've got to take him there. You and Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca me — we can do it. Deal? Because the other guys are good - but he could be great. He's my last project. He looks at her. She imitates his face back to him. PENNY (cont'd) It's all happening. 715 INT. TOPEKA ARENA BACKSTAGE —-— NIGHT 715 William sits interviewing Silent Ed by some equipment cas
21) 51) text: I'm almost done with my shirt. Ed watches her appreciatively, drumming silently on a rub pad. Penny kisses Russell, who swings her onto his lap. I the corner, Jeff watches them all with a vague feeling of underappreciated. And now Dick enters with a large cardbo box.
26) 24) dialog: Backwards?
26) 26) dialog: You're one of us. It's no big deal.
26) 28) dialog: Oh! If you go to Cleveland, Bowie's going to be there at Swingo's, the greatest hotel in America. I'll introduce you to him, and his security guy Dennis. William stops at the door.
26) 32) dialog: Boy, if this was the real world and some guy talked to me like that -
26) 37) dialog: Across room, sitting and watching.
27) 23) dialog: (massaging) Come to Cleveland.
27) 27) dialog: Rock and roll!
27) 30) dialog: I know.
27) 32) dialog: You ever notice that all our sentences begin with "I?"
27) 34) dialog: "Cause we should work on that. He looks at her, plays the guitar a little. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 104 EXT. HIGHWAY — NIGHT 104 Night. Doris rocks toward Cleveland on a muggy summer nig The windows of passing houses offer rich Edward Hopper gl of lives and people William will never meet. 105 INT. WILLIAM'S BUS BUNK — NIGHT 105 William watches from his bus bunk at the back, head on el Looking up, he sees the rhythmic motion of bodies on the mattress above him, as music continues. William gets up, nods hello to the Roadie and his Date on bunk above. He moves down the aisle... to the seats near front. A sleeping Russell sits upright, hugging his guita Penny asleep next to him, Polaroid in her hand of... Russ sleeping. The kid moves on. He sits with the Bus Driver, whose CB crackles with chatter from other tour buses head Cleveland. ON THE FIRST SIGN — LATE NIGHT Cleveland signs. Music rises. Heads pop awake.
34) 0) text: William and Penny sit on opposite ends of a blue locker-r bench. It's a small dressing room, crowded with roadies, guitars and men in stages of half-dress. Piles of luggage headed for New York sit by the door. The door suddenly op and Dick arrives with champagne and a cake decorated with sparkler. It is placed in Penny's lap. It reads: Unforget Penny... Age Unknown. Boston, 1973. They gather now as th cake sits before a surprised and enchanted Penny Lane.
34) 4) text: So it wasn't a birthday party, it was a farewell. William doesn't answer. He looks at her, blowing some hai out of her face. PENNY (cont'd) You think you can fool me. I read you. I know what you're thinking.
34) 6) dialog: (touched) You're worried about me and Russell.
34) 8) dialog: You're so sweet. God -- if there was more of you in him...
34) 10) dialog: (concerned for him) Did you miss your test or something? He shakes his head. It's so beyond a test. PENNY (cont'd) I know I'm not on the plane, and I'm not going on some other band's bus. I mean, I could go with the Sabbath road crew, but that would be pathetic. The girls are all going with Humble Pie. If you could find out from Russell --
34) 12) dialog: (a decision) Forget it. I'm flying to New York Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca myself. I have a bunch of partial tickets. I know his ex-wife, current girlfriend's going to be there — William's eyebrows rise. She examines his face for clues.
34) 14) dialog: (overlapping) What? What are you saying? What do you know? Did Russell say something?
34) 16) dialog: I know he wants me there. He gave me a cake. He wrote me that sweet poem.
34) 18) dialog: What are you telling me? She looks so achingly beautiful to him.
34) 20) dialog: You're right. I'm not who I said I was. I'm just like you. I love music, so this is my family. Some people like tractors, and they hang out with tractor people. What's the worst that could happen if I go to New York? (little girl) "I get my little heart broken?"
34) 24) dialog: Come on. You've seen what's happened. Russell and I fell in love. How much, I don't know... but this is the first time I've fallen for someone, really fallen... since Iggy, and I'm not happy about it.
34) 26) dialog: (teasing, defiant) You'll remember me forever. I was there when you lost your virginity.
34) 28) dialog: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca You make me laugh. I think I'm gonna cry.
34) 30) dialog: If I ever met a guy in the real world, who looked at me the way you just looked at me...
34) 32) dialog: You know -- you're too sweet for rock and roll.
34) 34) dialog: You're not any of those things and that's what I love about you. William stands there in disbelief, unable to look at her.
34) 36) dialog: I don't want to go home!
34) 40) dialog: Look. You should be happy for me. You don't know what he says to me in private. Maybe it is love. As much as it can be with someone who —-
34) 42) dialog: What kind of beer? 119 INT. HUMBLE PIE CREW TRUCK -—- DAY 119 Sapphire, Polexia, and Estrella bump along to the music a the road. They strain to maintain dignity in these decide third-class surroundings. There's only one small blurry w
42) 9) dialog: I'm not good at goodbyes. She sags. He grabs the phone. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca PENNY LANE (cont'd) You're the last of my old-time friends. Polexia went to England with Deep Purple... can you believe that? Even Sapphire's out someplace else. All she left was her quaaludes.
42) 14) dialog: "J... you will be required to wear a safety vest."
42) 16) dialog: "Please place all stowable luggage in the overhead compartments... out in the seat in front of you."
42) 18) dialog: "And seat-backs and tray-tables should be in their full and upright and locked positions... " 137 EXT. GRADUATION CEREMONY -—-— DAY 137
43) 0) text: William holds Penny. She is very woozy.
43) 1) dialog: you will be required to..." (gives up) I'm tired. She is very groggy, as he holds her.
43) 14) dialog: (baring her soul) Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca When I was 14, my Mom and her boyfriend took me to a Rolling Stones concert — and I freaked out and I rushed up to the front of the stage and then a thousand people had the same idea at the same time and I was getting crushed. And I couldn't breathe and that thought flashed through me - almost like a car accident - I thought I might die. And it was in the middle of "Midnight Rambler" and Keith Richards saw me. And he came over, and came to the front of the stage, and he pulled me out. And they took me backstage and they gave me coke with ice and a - anda lemon. And I never went home.
43) 16) dialog: She always said - "Marry Up." Marry someone grand. That's why she named me Lady.
43) 18) dialog: Lady Goodman.
43) 20) dialog: You never really get used to it, either.
43) 22) dialog: See you back there. She kisses his forehead, and takes off down the accordian Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca leading to her plane. She drops her coat again, bending to retrieve it.