4) 82) dialog: (the usual greeting) It's all happening. It's all happening.
4) 84) dialog: I talked to Dick with Stillwater, I talked with Sabbath. They're all dying to see us. It's all happening.
4) 87) dialog: Here comes Sabbath!
4) 89) dialog: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca (can't hold it in any longer) Okay. I was with Ian Hunter all night at Rodney's Last night. Wanna see his spoo? I saved it in a baggie. She opens her purse and shows the girls something inside. William edges away.
4) 92) dialog: (looking in purse) Nobody -- he's so sweet.
5) 109) dialog: (in tears, in pieces, emotional) Ian Hunter is a fucking asshole!
5) 111) dialog: Opie!!! She hugs him like a long-lost friend, knocking the air ou him. And now overlapping this action, appears Superfan RI NUNEZ, 14. His eyes are forever moist, but he's oddly for and never feels worthy of the rockers he idolizes. Tonigh wears a custom homemade t-shirt with iron-on block letter Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca It features the four Led Zeppelin symbols and the words: BE A ROCK AND NOT TO ROLL." A felt-tip pen is still in hi quivering hand. Nunez walks with them, backpedaling as he
7) 0) text: William, Polexia and an ambivalent Penny walk the hallway looking for the room. William looks in the passing open d each one a different window into another world.
7) 7) dialog: (privately) Act One, in which she pretends she doesn't care about him. POV shot travels to Russell, strumming the guitar that is a part of his body. Russell is watching Penny Lane surreptitiously. POLEXIA (cont'd) Act Two, in which he pretends he doesn't care... and goes right for her. Russell moves towards Penny. POLEXIA (cont'd) Act Three, in which it all plays out the way she planned it. She'll eat him alive.
7) 9) dialog: Stop them? You were her excuse for coming here.
7) 12) dialog: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca I just worry about people using her. You know? 'Cause she brings out the good side in everybody else, but what do they do for her? Life kills me. Do you have any pot?
7) 14) dialog: Do you smoke?
7) 16) dialog: You're funny. You know, if you were only taller, English, rich, a guitar-— player and older...
7) 18) dialog: Yeah. Good point. Jeff appears with her beer, and she whispers in the kid's before she exits with Jeff Bebe. POLEXIA (cont'd) Bless me father for I may sin tonight. The kid watches, as the boom box plays an obscure favorit Russell's, Eddie Giles' "Losin' Boy." There is the sound motorcycle somewhere down the hallway. 41 INT. ICE ROOM —- NIGHT 41 The ice machine makes new cubes with a grinding noise. Pe puts ice in her glass. Behind her, Russell moves into fra hands delicately riding the sides of her body. A motorcyc roars by, just outside the door, as Penny moves away from Russell's exploring hands.
16) 2) dialog: Do you have any pot?
16) 4) dialog: Well, go do your job then. You're on the road, man. It's all happening! Get in there. Go talk to ‘em! Challenged, William rises and approaches Russell. He fixe the charismatic guitarist in his sights. Shot takes him d the aisle to the jamming star guitarist. He crouches in t aisle and talks to Russell who immediately seems moody. H mood is in the air.
16) 13) dialog: (inhaling deeply) Want some?
17) 18) dialog: Me too?
18) 0) text: Stillwater's "Fever Dog" plays from the t.v. radio. Willi on the bed, a thick local phone book on his lap. His hote room. He watches self-consciously as the girls go about t ritual of inhabiting a room on the road. Sapphire flutter paisley scarf over the room lamp. Polexia puts a towel al the crack of the door, blows out the glowing embers on to many sticks of incense, and moves to the phone. Estrella joined them as well, complete with a bag full of shoes. Instantly, we have atmosphere and not much room left in t the smallest room in the hotel. William thumbs through th phone book with fascination.
18) 2) dialog: (on phone) Hi Dad!! I can't talk long! I'm here in Paris. I'm staying in another Youth Hostel with no phone and no address for mail!!
18) 6) dialog: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca (on phone)
18) 11) dialog: 
18) 14) dialog: (the perfect daughter)
19) 7) dialog: (wounded ) But what if Ozzy calls Sapphire? And I gave Jimmy Page this number.
26) 21) dialog: (yawns ) Greenville. I'm bored. Penny yawns too, it's catchy, and rises to visit the bath POLEXIA (cont'd) Hey let's deflower the kid. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca Now Sapphire yawns, looks in her purse.
27) 0) text: William is awake. Sunlight floods in from the corners of window-shades. He is surrounded by the fallen cavalry of night before... Sapphire and Polexia. The phone rings, an Sapphire instantly snaps it up, still asleep. Lost in her dreams, she offers the sexiest hello ever.
27) 6) dialog: Man, I need some — He clamps a hand over her mouth.
27) 11) dialog: — coffee.
34) 43) dialog: Who did this to us?