4) 113) dialog: Yeah. Okay. Fuck off anyway. We play for fans, not critics. Stung, William shrugs. It's been a terrible night, but at least thrillingly so.
4) 115) dialog: (good humored, yelling) Well don't stop there.
4) 118) dialog: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca He's with us.
4) 120) dialog: Red Dog!
4) 123) dialog: How're the guys?
4) 125) dialog: and it's okay, because rock and roll is a LIFESTYLE... anda way of thinking and it's not about money and "popularity!"
4) 127) dialog: - but it's a voice that says here I am... and FUCK YOU if you can't understand me. Russell smooths the strings of his guitar with a small cl from his guitar case. The kid notices all these close-up details of rock. RUSSELL (cont'd) And one of those people is gonna save the world and that means that ROCK AND ROLL CAN SAVE THE WORLD -- all of us together. The kid's eyes dance. He checks to make sure he's getting recording. He listens intently.
4) 129) dialog: But we didn't do it for that! We are here because we needed to fuckin be here, not just 'cause we needed to away from Troy, Michigan, WHICH WE DID... but what it all comes down to is that thing. The Indefinable Thing, when people catch something from your music, the thing you put into it. I'm Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca talking about... what am I talking about?
4) 131) dialog: THE BUZZ! And the chicks, the whatever, is an off-shoot of THE BUZZ. And like -- you saying you liked "Fever Dog?" That is the fucking buzz, man. All we get are these fucking old-ass interviewers who don't understand, don't LISTEN, don't appreciate why we are here, which is the fuckin' BUZZ. William nods, holds his microphone steady. Russell tunes guitar, ripping through unamplified guitar licks as he sp Jeff hustles to reclaim his own connection to the intervi
4) 133) dialog: But... it's not what you put in, is it? It's what you leave out. Listen to... listen to Marvin Gaye... Russell's face grows rapturous as he discusses this piece music. RUSSELL (cont'd) A song like "What's Going On." That single "woo" at the end of the second verse — you know that woo - that single "woo."
4) 135) dialog: (he does it) That's what you remember. The silly things, the little things... there's only one, and it makes the song. It's what you leave out. That's rock and roll. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca William nods, says nothing, keeps the microphone pointed Activity surrounds him.
4) 137) dialog: Okay. See, this is maybe the most honest we've ever been in an interview because you know our music. You're the first press guy we've made friends with. We don't normally talk like this to them. And you're supposed to be The Enemy! What are you - 18?
4) 139) dialog: There you go. Still young enough to be honest.
5) 16) dialog: The Enemy! He approaches, as William stands. Penny watches, hanging of Russell's eyesight. Standing in the supercharged hallway, the kid is anxious introduce his new friends.
5) 19) dialog: Penny Lane? Like the song, right?
5) 24) dialog: Come on, let's go. (noting kid's shyness) Both of you. 30 INT. BACKSTAGE -— NIGHT 30 House lights go down. Cheers rise. Dick's flashlight danc on the ground just in front of them, guiding their way in dark to the stage steps.
5) 25) dialog: — get in the huddle. Russell pulls William into the band's huddle.
5) 28) dialog: (privately) So. You want to come up to L.A., we'll be at the "Riot House" all week.
5) 30) dialog: The Continental Hyatt House! It's on Sunset Strip.
5) 33) dialog: (exiting) Well tell your friend Miss Penny Lane to Call Me. Tell her "It ain't California without her. We want her around like last summer." Say it like that. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
5) 35) dialog: (returns, whispers) Oh, I'm under the name - Harry Houdini.
7) 4) dialog: (impressed to see him) Alright.
7) 22) dialog: (smiling, loves it) You're retired like Frank Sinatra is retired. She makes a scoffing noise. He moves to the ice machine, a glass of his own. RUSSELL (cont'd) Miss Penny Lane. Let me tell you what rock and Roll will miss the day you truly retire. He tosses cubes in his glass, one by one. After the first RUSSELL (cont'd) The way you turn a hotel room into a home. (cube) The way you pick up strays wherever you go. Like Pied Piper. (cube) The way you know the words to every song. Every song. Especially the bad ones. Mostly the bad ones. (cube) That green coat in the middle of summer. (cube) The real name you won't reveal. (cube) And. I'd keep going, but my glass if full.
7) 24) dialog: Come to Arizona.
7) 26) dialog: We leave Thursday morning. 9 AM. And pack light this time. Jesus. They kiss. The motorcycle speeds by again, just outside. 42 INT. HALLWAY --— NIGHT 42 The hallways are crowded, as William looks at the closed of the ice room. He leans against the wall, alone now. Tr to look like he belongs. Behind him, most of the band has disappeared into other rooms, leaving only hangers-on in places. 43 INT. ROLLING STONE MAGAZINE —- DAY 43 Music. We pan across cubicles bustling with laid-back fer These are the San Francisco-based main offices of Rolling Magazine. We have arrived for the waning days that this magazine could still be called, with a straight-face, an "underground" publication. Their mounting success crowds edges of every frame. Camera catches the Annie Leibowitz portraits that hang on the walls -- Lennon, Jagger, Rod S James Taylor. We find editor BEN FONG-TORRES, 29, in his cramped cubicl Sitting nearby is curly-haired and mustachioed Star Staff writer, DAVID FELTON, 32, who smokes his cigarettes with holder. Felton reads one of William's articles, chuckling
16) 0) text: The Stillwater Tour Bus rumbles down the desert highway. destination banner reads - ALMOST FAMOUS -—- TOUR 73. Mus continues. 56 INT. BUS -— DAY 56 William strains for a look at Russell five rows up. He pl slide guitar, working out a part. Next to Russell is Penn Lane. Penny raises an early-model Polaroid camera and - f — takes a picture of a nearby sleeping Jeff Bebe.
16) 6) text: Absolutely. Russell turns away. The kid squats uncomfortably in the a babbling on.
16) 8) dialog: What.
16) 10) dialog: (sharply) I never graduated. And look what happened. You're here interviewing me. Good point. Laughs from everybody listening nearby. It's good line. William makes a quick jot in his notebook. RUSSELL (cont'd) No no no. Don't put that in Rolling Stone. My bio says I graduated. We'll come up with something better later. Just enjoy the ride. Russell eyes the notebook suspiciously before turning awa Penny notices William's discomfort, laughing warmly, all grabbing a Coke and giving one to nearby bassist Larry.
17) 7) dialog: who approaches William.
17) 8) dialog: Come by in a few minutes. We'll do the interview. The kid exits and goes to join Penny, who is still comfor Sapphire. Russell looks through his messages. The guitar, now in a case, never leaves his hand. Jeff Bebe approache regarding William standing with Penny and the girls. Intr is swirling in the lobby.
17) 10) dialog: Naw, we can trust him. He's a fan.
17) 12) dialog: Leave it to me. We'll get a good story.
17) 14) dialog: You made your point. I'll take to him. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
18) 17) dialog: You know. We should talk about what we don't talk about.
18) 21) dialog: I'm just saying, it's okay to talk about it. Penny stands and turns. She speaks the word.
18) 23) dialog: (somehow satisfied) Alright - now we're talking. But she continues, saying the name in a multitude of diff ways, in different accents, and with different degrees of indifference and passion and lust and play-acting and moc drama.
19) 12) dialog: 
19) 16) dialog: 
19) 21) dialog: 
19) 27) dialog: (as in "you're on of us")
19) 37) dialog: (sorta moved) Well, shit. Thank you. He instantly realizes he's slipped, on the air. RUSSELL (cont'd) Ooops. Better hit the delay button. All eyes turn to Quince, whose head stays down, grooving some inner beat. He says nothing. The band looks at each other. We become increasingly aware that Quince may now b Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca asleep. Long silence. William shares an amazed look with Penny. Quince is definitely asleep. Russell leans forward and continues talking quietly, with hilarious sincerity. RUSSELL (cont'd) Okay - we're talking now, right? Why the fuck do you wait until and interview in Arizona to say something nice about me. Why don't you say it to my fucking face sometime? Because I tell you every time I think you nailed something.
19) 39) dialog: Well then who's fucking job is it? Because my ass is dying for a kiss. And I know yours is too.
19) 43) dialog: (to William) See, this is what nobody writes about! The in-between times! This! Us! Right now!!
20) 10) text: Whoa! (laughing) I need three more beers and my guitar before I can answer that question. Let's take a walk. 69 EXT. HOTEL POOL AREA — NIGHT 69 Russell walks the outskirts of the pool area with William William follows him through the sliding glass door to his facing the pool. Russell grabs his guitar. They stand for moment, unheard by the others, and regard the living port twenty yards in front of them. The off-limits after-hours pool area has been overtaken by the Stillwater tour membe Jeff Bebe sits in a chair nearby. Dick laughs at a joke. Always the life of the party, Penny Lane dispenses stolen from a maid cart. And she is the first to slip into the p for some after-hours, against-the-rules swimming. Effortl she turns a collection of people into a party. They regar her, well out of earshot of the others.
20) 11) dialog: For a minute I thought you were actually a real journalist... which is... you know, it's great. (beat) Shut that thing off, and I'll tell you the truth. William shuts his tape recorder off.
20) 13) dialog: Look. I trust you. I'm going to lay this right on you. Just make us look cool.
20) 15) dialog: That's what I'm worried about. See - some of us have girlfriends back home. Some of us have wives. And... some of the people you meet on the road are really amazing people... Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca They both watch Penny Lane, sparkling, fresh from the po She places hotel furniture into the shallow end and invit all, even other curious hotel guests, to join them in the RUSSELL (cont'd) Like you. And some of the things that happen are good for just a few people to know about - as opposed to, say, a million people. Dawn is breaking for William.
20) 17) dialog: You know what I mean?
20) 19) dialog: See, you're dangerous. Most people are just waiting to talk, but you listen.
20) 21) dialog: So your question you asked me. I think about It every fucking night. The "business." I hate it! (quietly) I grew up with these guys, okay? I can't play all that I can play, I'm past these musicians, do you understand?
20) 23) dialog: The more popular we get, the more I can't walk on them, the bigger their houses get, the more pressure... you forget, man. You forget what it was like to be real, to be a fan. You can hear it in a lot of bands who've been successful - it doesn't sound like music anymore. It sounds like... like lifestyle maintenance. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca (suddenly confessional) I used to be able to hear the sounds of the world. Everything, to me, used to sound like music. Everything. Now I don't hear it. You know what I'm trying to say?
20) 25) dialog: Man, it feels good to say this stuff out loud. But what am I doing? I'm telling secrets to the one guy you don't tell secrets to.
20) 27) dialog: This is good. So there's the "friend" and then there's the "interview guy."
20) 29) dialog: So tonight it's "friend".... and when we wake up tomorrow —- "interview guy." We'll figure it out as we go, buddy.
21) 0) text: Dick is waving wildly for the band to board the bus, whic been pulled up into the backstage area. He guides a saggi Russell, assisted by Penny Lane, into the bus. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
21) 20) dialog: It burns. It feels like a dose of lead shooting through your body... and then you see God, and he says, "How bad do you want to be legendary?" And god damnit. I let go. (shaky grin as all laugh warmly) Rock and roll. Jeff watches this charisma with thinly veiled envy. The k scribbles in his notebook. We hear Led Zeppelin's "That's Way." 74 INT. BUS —- EARLY MORNING 74 Song continues. Almost everybody is asleep. William takes the camera and snaps a Polaroid of a sleeping Penny. She up.
21) 48) dialog: Fire away. I'm ready. I'm on the "You" Train. Take me there. The kid plugs in his microphone. Russell listens as he sp his first question.
21) 50) dialog: When did you get so professional? In the background, Penny Lane irons Silent Ed's shirt. Grinning, she cuffs his shoulder. To the shirtless silent drummer, waiting for his shirt. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
21) 51) text: I'm almost done with my shirt. Ed watches her appreciatively, drumming silently on a rub pad. Penny kisses Russell, who swings her onto his lap. I the corner, Jeff watches them all with a vague feeling of underappreciated. And now Dick enters with a large cardbo box.
21) 53) dialog: Can we just skip the vibe and go straight to us laughing about this?
21) 55) dialog: (trying for a joke) Because I can see by your face - you want to get into this — Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
21) 57) dialog: Here we go. William watches as Russell fishes the t-shirt out of the RUSSELL (cont'd) Here. Take it. You LOVE this shirt - it lets you say everything you want to say.
21) 59) dialog: It's a t-shirt. Russell turns away.
21) 61) dialog: Are you doing coke again?
21) 63) dialog: Excuse me, but didn't we all get into this to avoid responsibility?
21) 65) dialog: You can trust him, you can say whatever you want.
21) 67) dialog: Is it my turn? Because I think we should, for once, say what we really mean.
21) 69) dialog: (stiffening) Right. I'm so predictable.
21) 71) dialog: Stick to singing, brother, 'cause you ain't gonna make it as a shrink.
21) 73) dialog: What?
21) 76) dialog: (dutifully) Hello Harry. Dad introduces a woman much younger, who eyes Russell hun
21) 79) dialog: (resolute, wound up) From here on out, I'm only interested in what's real. The kid nods. They walk. RUSSELL (cont'd) Real feelings. Real people. That's all I'm interested in... From here on out. What is REAL? You're real.
21) 81) dialog: You know, you know all about us and I don't know shit about you. (struggling to be personal) What's your... your family like? Tell me.
21) 83) dialog: (immediately) Okay, that's good. That's enough.
21) 85) dialog: If they want me, they can find me. William turns and sees nobody following but fans. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
21) 87) dialog: Hey, man, you know what? Write whatever you want. I trust you. A big square Chevy van slows down. A CONCERT-GOER hands h head out the window.
21) 89) dialog: On my better days, yes. I am "Woooooo, Russell from Stillwater!"
21) 91) dialog: (eyes glowing) You. Aaron. Are what it's all about. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca You are real. Your room is real. Your friends are real. You are more important than... than... all the silly machinery. And you know it! In eleven years it's gonna be 1984, man. Think about that!
21) 93) dialog: Yes.
21) 95) dialog: Take it! Russel whips off his belt, gives it to the fan. A joint g by, headed for Russell. William intercepts it and passes on. RUSSELL (cont'd) Aaron? Where's your bathroom? I want to live here. I want to eat your food, and live in your city and fuckin rock like I used to. I want to learn everything there is to know about your city and your town. And your way of being real. (stunning realization) I used to be you.
21) 97) dialog: What?
21) 99) dialog: Okay. Good to know. Russell rises and squeezes past fans and heads down the h
22) 0) text: William follows Russell protectively. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
22) 1) text: wOOCOOO00! ! A QUIET GIRL, 14, turns and watches Russell pass. We ling on her face for just a moment, full of wonder.
22) 4) dialog: Topeka. Check it out. Russell enters the bathroom. William stands guard. With a finger outstretched from each hand, he lectures the fans in the hallway.
23) 0) text: William watches as a wobbly Russell Hammond, in sunglasse now, goes through Aaron's record collection. He places th albums over his face, like masks.
23) 1) dialog: Faces. Stones. Sa-weet Baby James!! None of these people are gonna be around in twenty years! Plastic begets plastic!! Black plastic. Partygoers are strangely fascinated by the rock star in t living room.
24) 0) text: William waits anxiously to use the phone, keeping an eye Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca Russell. Russell is now strangely twisting/dancing with girls in the living room, as more cars arrive outside.
24) 3) dialog: (bellowing to the heavens)
24) 6) dialog: 
24) 9) dialog: And you can tell Rolling Stone Magazine my last words were - He spreads his arms, and tries to think of last words. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca RUSSELL (cont'd) -- I'm on drugs!! The kids cheer. William looks around, remains cool. Yells upward in the cold night air.
24) 11) dialog: Critic!!
24) 13) dialog: Okay I got it. I got it. I got it. I got it. This is better. Last words (spreads his arms, his greatest realization)
24) 16) dialog: (matter-of-fact) Okay. He jumps from the roof into the cold, algaed water below. sinks immediately. One kid jumps in, then another, then m Everybody wants to save Russell.
25) 0) text: It's getting lighter. Cars line the street. And now, fina turning the corner, is Doris the Bus. 90 INT. KITCHEN -— MORNING 90 Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca William watches the effects of personal charisma. Wet partygoers surround Russell, bottle of Jack Daniels still hand, wrapped in towels. Now a bond has passes between th all of them. Algae drips from the corner of Russell's fac and neck.
25) 1) dialog: Thanks for saving my life. I won't hold it against you. Twenty different kids thank him for the opportunity. ("Gl to do it," "Right on," "Damn straight.")
26) 0) text: Door opens. Dick enters. Finding the guitarist in the kit he clicks into time-tested road-managerial maintenance. E Russell out of his towel, slipping his own jacket around from Russell's hands.
26) 2) dialog: (woozy) The band is over. This is my family now.
26) 5) dialog: I know what you're doing... and I like it. (noticing William) Look at him. He's taking notes with his eyes. (beat, to Dick) How do we know he's not a cop? Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca William laughs painfully, as Russell moves in, eyes flar with sudden paranoia. RUSSELL (cont'd) He could be selling information!
27) 17) dialog: 
27) 21) dialog: Come on man, we'll have more time there. Don't be tense!! He begins rubbing the kid's shoulders. He's waking up. Th Penny, also rubbing his shoulders. It is degrading... and somehow cool too.
27) 24) dialog: (massaging, hypnotically) Come to Cleveland... Come to Cleveland... Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
27) 26) dialog: Can we help it if we like having you around! William is a bundle of nerves and exhaustion now. Embarra and frustrated. RUSSELL (cont'd) Cleveland, my man. You can't miss out on the Rock Mecca of the midwest — you're with us. It's all happening!
27) 29) dialog: I feel... like his parents. Penny runs a worried hand through her hair.
27) 31) dialog: I wonder how that happened.
27) 33) dialog: I hadn't, no.
27) 35) dialog: Cleveland!
29) 0) text: Russell and band enter like warriors, in a pack. William with the heavy bags in hand and over his shoulder. Here, the middle of the midwest, is an explosive rock mecca, ju promised. The feeling of belonging invades all those in t lobby. Fans and other touring rockers mingle together. Outside in the real world, everyone else is going to work
30) 2) text: INT. LIVING ROOM -—- NIGHT Moms sits in silence. WILLIAM (cont'd) (rehearsed) I'm fine! I'm fine! I'm flying back on Monday Morning. I'll only miss one test. I'll make it up. Russell listens in, holding his guitar, laughing.
30) 3) dialog: Tell her you're a slave to the groove - you can't help it!
30) 5) dialog: Hi Mom! It's Russell Hammond, I play guitar in Stillwater! It's my fault. How does it feel to be the mother of the future of rock journalism? (beat) Hello? Silence. Penny passes and stands near William, smoothing pass. They watch a new pack of groupies prowl the road-cr They are more glam, more trashy and less selective. They insolently at Penny Lane. This is the future. RUSSELL (cont'd) You've got a great kid -- nothing to worry about! We're taking care of him! And you should come to a show sometime! Join the Circus!
30) 7) dialog: Yes.
30) 9) dialog: (a nerve is struck) Rich? I don't think so -
30) 11) dialog: Yes, ma'am.
30) 13) dialog: Yes... yes...
30) 17) dialog: Your Mom kind of freaked me out. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
31) 0) text: William in the dressing room, eyes red with exhaustion, f interviewing Russell. He holds the mike stoically.
31) 3) dialog: (pissed) Then bring him in. William shuts off his tape recorder.
31) 5) dialog: (to William) We'll finish on the way to Boston. You can fly home from Boston. William nods, exhausted, as Dick opens the door. In walks small general of a man in a baseball t-shirt, well-trimme beard and bowl cut. He holds the super-new Halliburton briefcase. He is DENNIS HOPE, 25. A man from the midwest, with a vision of the future of rock and roll. Already in head are all the things that will come to pass. Higher ti prices. Merchandising deals. Greater distribution and accounting of album sales. He shrugs hello to the band.
31) 7) dialog: We already have a manager. He's been with us from the beginning. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca Hope appreciates the lack of small talk. He strides the with the joyful enthusiasm of a kid who wants to build a Russell watches, dismissive, holding his guitar.
31) 9) dialog: (immediately) We travel by bus.
32) 1) dialog: (passionate) Hey man, it's not about the money! It's about Playing music, and turning people on! The band agrees.
32) 7) dialog: This is not us. This is too much. He looks around for support. Grim nodding faces. RUSSELL (cont'd) (impressed at seat) This is too much. William watches as Russell reclines. Russell grabs Penny, she falls into the seat next to him. We hear the loud onc sound of the plane in flight, as Dennis cooly asks for Pe seat.
33) 0) text: The girls sit on the jumper seats at the back of the plan with William. 116 INT. BOSTON HOTEL ROOM HALLWAY -—— DAY 116 William trudges the hallway with tape-recorder and notebo trolling for Russell. He passes Boston travelogue posters the walls. A few room doors are open, he looks for any si of the guitarist. William veers into Dick's room, where a Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca poker game full of Roadies is in progress. The room is t with exotic smoke. They are a bunch of road-hardened snob smoking cigars and other items, famous to themselves, lis not to rock and roll... but Sarah Vaughn.
33) 3) dialog: Hey! Welcome to the Road Crew Poker Party. This game's been going of for two years.
33) 10) dialog: Look. Nobody's feelings are getting hurt here. She already knows Leslie's coming To New York tomorrow. They all understand. This is the Circus. Everybody's trying not to go home. Nobody's saying goodbye.
33) 12) dialog: These are the Rules that come with every electric Guitar and every amplifier. They're not just written anywhere. Rock and roll, brother. No attachments. No boundaries. But the kid feels bad, and Russell knows it. RUSSELL (cont'd) Quit looking at me like that. 116A INT. HALLWAY —- AFTERNOON 116A The kid is still stuck on the road. He is in hell now. Wearily, with deep circles under his eyes, he shuts his e for a moment. Another band is moving through.
34) 2) dialog: So Penny our friend has gained another year. But long ago, she threw it in gear. She rocked the south The East and West. Could you please get off this endless tour Where we're Black Sabbath's fucking special guest? Laughter. RUSSELL (cont'd) She says she's retired Though we've heard that before. She chose us... And in Penny Lane we trust She is a fan of this band. Much more so than us. William watches her face. Still enchanted, she hands out of the cake.
35) 3) dialog: "New York. Just like I pictured it...
35) 6) dialog: (to William) We showed you America. We did everything but get you laid. Beat. They look at each other curiously. How much does th other guy know? 125 EXT. ST. REGIS —- DAY 125 Russell and band spill out of limo. The New York cluster hardcore Stillwater fans wait outside. They hold collecto sleeves covering albums to be autographed, and fresh magi markers in hand. William in tow crawls out of the limo la Dick goes to work, pulling luggage from the trunk. A seri looking Fan (LENNY) approaches Russell with an autograph Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
35) 8) dialog: Make it out to - ?
35) 19) dialog: (exiting with Leslie) After the party. I'11l come to your room —- I promise. We'll talk. This is Leslie, by the way. Leslie, this is our wayward friend from Rolling Stone. The Enemy. They shake, she smiles randomly.
39) 0) text: The famous hub of New York rock and roll. A strong whiff decadence mixes with youthful naivete. Not a hippie in si William walks through, looking for familiar faces. Overhe we hear Stillwater. "If You Say Nothing." The party is fi with scenesters, long silver-haired glamsters, some Briti journalists, and many hunched young skinny bodies in leat jackets. Russell grabs him by the arm.
39) 1) dialog: Ah ha! There you are, ya little fucker. Come on ——
39) 3) dialog: -- I'll piss to that. Follow me.
40) 0) text: They enter the small bathroom. Russell bolts the door, fa the urinal and pees. His own music throbs in the next roo
40) 1) dialog: Dennis Hope took me aside, and wants to manage Me solo. Says to lose the band by February. Should I do it? I have no perspective anymore. William pees in silence. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca RUSSELL (cont'd) At what point do I just take the hint? Nobody Loves this band. People like us, do they love us?
40) 3) dialog: (then pissed) Oh —- get this - somebody told Penny Lane I sold her for beer. The network of these chicks! Like I would do that. It's Jeff who told her, right? Not you, right? None of these guys can just calm down and be a fuckin adult. Now she's here, freaking out. Leslie can smell it.
43) 29) dialog: Why didn't you come back to the party? Bob Dylan showed up. He was sitting at our table for... had to be an hour, right? Just Rapping. Bob Dylan! I kept looking for you. I was going to introduce you. The kid feels pain.
43) 32) dialog: (singing Buddy Holly) "Peggy Sure... Peggy Sue...
43) 35) dialog: "Pretty pretty pretty pretty Peggy Sue... " A moment of laughter, and then bam. Jeff's drink rises an suspends briefly in mid-air. The plane takes another migh knock.
43) 37) dialog: Doris, we miss you! Fear is creeping in around the edges. William, already an uneasy flier, looks down.
43) 40) dialog: (strapping in for a roller coaster) Rock and roll. The sky darkens abruptly. William looks up, increasingly nervous, stares straight ahead. The plane suddenly drops stabilizes. Everyone is silent but Russell. RUSSELL (cont'd) Wooooco0o Baby! A moment later, an ashen-faced CO-PILOT emerges, balancin himself with hands on the ceiling of the shuddering plane
43) 48) dialog: Shut up.
43) 50) dialog: C'mon Dennis, get us a better city. Nervous laughter. Another sheet of hail hits the plane.
43) 53) dialog: If something should happen. I love all of you. I don't think we have to do the secrets thing. The plane shakes. Now lightening strikes very close. A flashing wall of electricity rolls through the plane and evaporates with a burning smell still in the air. In the darkness:
43) 57) dialog: I slept with Marna, Dick.
43) 61) dialog: You... slept with Jeff?
43) 63) dialog: (to Jeff) And you say you "love me."
43) 65) dialog: Please. Enough.
43) 69) dialog: (to Larry and Ed) You hate me? You too? Larry stares at him. Ed says nothing. RUSSELL (cont'd) All this love. All this loyalty. (incredulous, giddy) And you don't even like me.
43) 72) dialog: (to Jeff) Whatever happens, you're dead.
44) 48) dialog: Maybe we just don't see ourselves the way we really are.
44) 50) dialog: (ruefully, remembering) I told him to write what he wanted. All eyes look to Russell.
44) 52) dialog: (immediately remembering) Oh my God.
44) 54) dialog: (still back at "Golden God") I didn't say "Golden God." Or did I?
44) 56) dialog: I liked him as a person.
44) 58) dialog: You. You had the right idea all along. Ed silently nods thanks.
44) 61) dialog: I forgot he was there.
44) 74) dialog: I feel bad.
44) 76) dialog: What did I do?
44) 78) dialog: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca Yeah. The girls still circle Russell nearby. He's unaware.
44) 80) dialog: Is Penny okay?
44) 82) dialog: Well, it's finally over with Leslie. I'm going to call her.
44) 85) dialog: I'm not going to blame myself. I do make people happy. They just shouldn't get to know me... 'cause it appears to spoil everything.
44) 87) dialog: What gives you the right to get this personal with me.
45) 16) dialog: Hi, I'm Russel Hammond.
45) 18) text: My life. 162 INT. EDITORIAL OFFICE — DAY 162 Russell stands with the editors, observing the fine portr on the walls. He's behind enemy lines, and he knows it. Everything in the room fascinates him.
45) 19) dialog: I don't care what happens. I don't care if you put us on the cover. But you sent us a kid and... and he was a fan. And we all made friends with him - absolutely, to get a good story. But then we actually liked him. We thought he's... show us our lives in some mythic way and I guess... we're not mythic. We panicked.
45) 21) dialog: Yeah, well, here's the problem with the truth. It's too true —
45) 23) dialog: I'm not punching anybody. I am personally, as of 2 pm yesterday, ona voyage of self-reinvention. This is about William Miller. (counting off fingers) He lives with us, he lost his virginity, he saw us at our worst, appreciated our best, he saved two lives, including mine... he smuggled about a half-pound of pot into Boston, and we never even told him - Nearby, David Felton looks at another editor, raising an eyebrow. RUSSELL (cont'd) -- we told him too much, we told him everything... He almost died with us Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca over Tupelo... if the band survives him, it'll be a miracle... but you know, he tried to keep up, and that's a journalist to me.
45) 25) dialog: (immediately) Thank God. But Russell looks around at the numerous portraits if dea legendary rock stars, fixing on the one photo closest to them, a very vulnerable-looking Janis Joplin. A second th RUSSELL (cont'd) You tell me it's too late. But I could go back to my hotel room and... and O.D. tonight and something tells me you'd find a way to put me on the cover of the next issue. Am I right? He looks at their faces. They cannot disagree. RUSSELL (cont'd) I'm learning the game. (beat, shrug) We fucked up. We made friends with him.
45) 27) dialog: Maybe so. (beat, an odd thought) But God forbid, the day comes when selling yourself is as important as the music you make. (rueful, to Hendrix on the wall) You might have died at the right time, my friend.
45) 29) dialog: Do what you want, but the story is Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca true.
45) 30) text: at the entrance. Raises his hand. RUSSELL (cont'd) Good evening! 162A EXT. SAN FRANCISCO — DAY 162A Russell stands outside, a traveling man with no where to Oddly, and in a way that surprises him, the world begins speak to him again... little noises everywhere, turning i music of its own. It's a beautiful and compelling "silenc He thrusts his hands deep in his pockets, and takes a bre of life. His head filling again with the music of the wor he begins to walk down the street. Very naturally, and qu randomly, he is noticed by young passersby. They can't he it. He looks like a star. They can't quite figure out who is, but it's someone, and they begin to follow him down t street. Unbeknownst to him as he walks along, deep in tho a small crowd begins to form... following him. 163 INT. BREAKFAST TABLE — DAY 163 A quiet kitchen. Anita has been cooking. A substantial breakfast has been placed on the table. Sausage, orange juice... and now Anita sets down a plate of pancakes, wit syrup and butter, in front of her mother. William watches mother facing an old enemy - white sugar.