4) 96) dialog: Does anybody remember laugh-tah? (as they turn) Come and GET 'EM! The girls scream and happily head down the ramp to Sapphi Penny looks back and grabs William with a well-placed arm around his. He joins the clacking sea of legs moving down ramp. Sapphire slaps passes on the girls. As Scotty (The Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca Keeper of the Backstage List) watches, Penny now slips W forward for a pass.
4) 98) dialog: (off William) Who brought Opie? The kid looks over his shoulder. Who's Opie?
4) 101) dialog: (to Scotty) Are you going to turn this into a Thing?
17) 6) dialog: Finally, you're here!! They kicked me Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca out of my room! Fuck Ozzy! She hugs Penny Lane. Estrella appears, happy to have help with Sapphire.
18) 0) text: Stillwater's "Fever Dog" plays from the t.v. radio. Willi on the bed, a thick local phone book on his lap. His hote room. He watches self-consciously as the girls go about t ritual of inhabiting a room on the road. Sapphire flutter paisley scarf over the room lamp. Polexia puts a towel al the crack of the door, blows out the glowing embers on to many sticks of incense, and moves to the phone. Estrella joined them as well, complete with a bag full of shoes. Instantly, we have atmosphere and not much room left in t the smallest room in the hotel. William thumbs through th phone book with fascination.
18) 4) dialog: (emerging from bathroom) I was the one who told him what to tattoo on his fingers, I was the one who made his shirts... I was there when his wife left him.
18) 16) dialog: (to Polexia and William) Ooo, watch out - whoever you look at when you say that - that's who you really mean. Polexia hands up and throws a pillow at Sapphire, the kid watches these girls like a tennis match. 60A IN. PENNY AND RUSSELL'S ROOM — SAME TIME 60A Russell puts down his guitar.
19) 1) dialog: Opie, can I order room service? The nickname "Opie" re-opens a nagging wound. Polexia han up, and begins to dial again.
19) 3) dialog: Come on, you're a fan like us. You're on our side of the line.
20) 0) text: The phone is ringing. Estrella emerges from the bathroom no make-up and a t-shirt. She picks up the phone. Across room, Sapphire signs for room service. Now she is far too made-up. The t.v. radio plays Free's "Fire and Water" in b.g.
26) 20) dialog: It says the food is hearty and adventurous.
26) 22) dialog: Who his the quaaludes from me? 98 INT. HOTEL BATHROOM —- NIGHT 98 Penny enters to see William writing in the tub. She sits the toilet to pee. Flustered:
26) 34) dialog: Your time has come.
26) 36) dialog: Pants him. Opie must die. They swarm him, dragging him kicking into the bedroom. 99 INT. HOTEL BEDROOM --— NIGHT 99 Steely Dan, looking pale and somehow snappy, perform "Do Again" on The Midnight Special. The girls force William o Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca the bed, and envelope him. Their sexuality is fun, untro Shot moves past bodies crossing frame, onto William's fac
26) 38) dialog: Just relax. Take a vacation from yourself. Leave this to professionals. Estrella and Polexia kiss each other playfully. William l confused. Across the room, Penny laughs, turns up the TV, blows him a kiss. Penny's eyes. Across the room. His eyes. His sexual awakening may be downtime amusement for them, to him it's an embarrassingly intense moment he shares on with Penny Lane -- across the room. She turns away, smili disappears into the next room.
27) 0) text: William is awake. Sunlight floods in from the corners of window-shades. He is surrounded by the fallen cavalry of night before... Sapphire and Polexia. The phone rings, an Sapphire instantly snaps it up, still asleep. Lost in her dreams, she offers the sexiest hello ever.
27) 1) dialog: (half-English accent) Hello. Hi, Ben-Fong-Torres from Rolling Stone. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca William snatches the phone.
27) 12) dialog: Me too. Greenville is so boring. (to William) Any other city in the world and you'd still be a virgin.
27) 14) dialog: Will you take the laundry?
44) 75) dialog: Well, at least you feel. That puts you in a higher class of asshole. They eat in silence. Sapphire looks around. The new breed groupies eye her, as they cruise Russell on the periphery They're bolder, flashier. She eyes them back with seniori
44) 77) dialog: Well - you can do what the big boys do. (he looks at her) Nothing.
44) 79) dialog: You believe these new girls? None of ‘em take birth control, and they eat all the steak. She looks sadly at her plate of vegetables. An ever-sharp mind in last night's clothes, she commands Russell's resp SAPPHIRE (cont'd) They don't even know what it id to be a fan! To blindly love some silly piece of music... or some band so much that it hurts... please, they're all just after the money. Shoo -—- (in their direction) Go rob a bank! It's more honest!
44) 81) dialog: The Quaalude Incident. Yeah, it wasn't pretty. She could have died. I always warned her about letting too many guys fall in love with her. I guess I was wrong. (shrugs) On of 'em saved her life. Russell nods.
44) 83) dialog: Let her retire. (he doesn't respond) You want to lock her up in a house in Michigan? Please. (he doesn't respond) Write her a song someday. She deserves it. Something about that girl brought out the best in a lot of... (looks around backstage) pretty average people. She deserves it... Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca Russell stares into his crew meal, nodding a little. SAPPHIRE (cont'd) (forward thinking) because something tells me twenty years from now, we'll remember her... and not much else. Russell smiles to himself, knows it's true. Dick passes, placing hands on Russell's shoulders, massaging a little.
44) 86) dialog: Don't be so easy on yourself.
44) 88) dialog: Let's not reminisce.