0) 2) dialog: - so Livia -
1) 23) dialog: Mom —-
1) 26) dialog: I don't hate her.
1) 31) dialog: I think she said "feck."
1) 33) dialog: (encouraging) Well. The letter "u"... Shot moves in on the kid, as we hear the opening strains The Moody Blues' "Nights in White Satin."
2) 0) text: Music continues. Shot moves along a row of very mature-lo male teenagers, examining themselves in the bathroom mirr There's the kid with a very mature-looking moustache, the proudly sporting full-blown hormonal acne (he slaps on so Hai Karate), the guy to whom puberty has already delivere face of an adult, complete with long jutting sideburns... then a blank space at the mirror, as the shot moves down, down to find William. He is so much younger, without a zi sight. Puberty is so very distant on his horizon.
3) 0) text: Song continues as we see William's perspective of these m older looking kids. Girls now are visible, and they are e more mature than the boys we've just seen. They flirt and glow, arms trailing across the shoulders of the boys. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca Whispering in each other's ears, none of them looking do It's a troubling experience, to be this close to the allu world of older teenagers... and to be so invisible to the
3) 3) dialog: Yeah.
3) 10) dialog: (cool, dismissive) I had 'em. JI shaved 'em off. It is a new persona for the kid -- the witty guy. And it Guy #2 cracks up, then others. William's new accuser is suddenly surrounded by the impressed gales of laughter of older boys. Others turn away, on to other things. Tobin s at William, and then also turns away. 10 INT. FAMILY CAR —- DAY 10 William jumps into the backseat of the white Ford Country station wagon, carrying books. ("See ya pubes!") Mom cont driving William and Anita home from school.
3) 12) dialog: We got our annuals today --—
3) 14) dialog: (looking at his photo) I look so much younger than everyone else.
3) 21) dialog: They do?
3) 25) dialog: (ever the peacemaker) Come on you guys. It's no big deal. I'm 12. It's okay. She skipped me a grade, it's okay. Big deal. I'ma year younger. They're 13, I'm 12 -—- (beat) Aren't I? Their silence is eloquent.
3) 27) dialog: (trembling) Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca So... I'm... how old? A heavy quiet. She and his sister ignore him, as they now debate the subject with each other.
3) 33) dialog: (apprehensive) How... old...
3) 35) dialog: am I?
3) 37) dialog: (horrified, voice crackling)
3) 40) dialog: (still in shock) E - leven.
3) 42) dialog: (still horrified, looking at his body) This explains... so much...
3) 46) dialog: Okay! Anita reaches out to her brother. With the compassion of saint, she offers this:
3) 52) dialog: (blinking, still can't believe it) Eleven. 11 INT. WILLIAM'S BEDROOM -— DAY 11 William finishes the last of many candy bars. A mound of wrappers sit just below the mirror. He examines his face hopefully for zits. Nothing coming. We begin to hear Simo and Garfunkel's "America."
4) 3) dialog: Take good care of her in San Francisco, man. Darryl gives the kid a sub-human look. He's invisible, to young to converse with.
4) 20) dialog: I've been doing some stuff for a local underground paper, too.
4) 22) dialog: They hate me.
4) 24) dialog: I did?
4) 26) dialog: Over?
4) 28) dialog: Well. At least I'm here for that. Bangs looks at the much smaller kid, shaking his head. It too late for newcomers. But if the kid's age is an issue, doesn't mention it. Like a machine-gun:
4) 30) dialog: Smith-Corona Galaxis Deluxe.
4) 32) dialog: (automatic) The early stuff. The new stuff, he's trying to be Bowie, he should be himself. I'm not a big Lou man.
4) 34) dialog: (standing his ground) If you like Lou.
4) 36) dialog: No.
4) 38) dialog: Me too. The writing part... For a moment, the serious demeanor dissolves and the odde thing happens. Bangs laughs. It's an odd and charming lau the kind a tough guy keeps well-hidden. It surprised the who smiles back. Bangs stops at the corner, and offers a pleasant but very final nod of the head.
4) 40) dialog: Okay. See you.
4) 43) dialog: Industry... of... cool... Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
4) 45) dialog: (attempting cool) An assignment.
4) 47) dialog: (writing in notebook) Honest... unmerciful...
4) 52) dialog: All I have to do is listen. That's what Lester Bangs said.
4) 55) dialog: Hi. I'm William Miller and I'm here from Creem Magazine to interview the band Black Sabbath. Scotty, immediately suspicious, moves to a nearby podium snaps through three clipboard pages. He moves back to the door and grabs the handle.
4) 57) dialog: Sir, I'm a journalist, and here's a copy of the magazine. The magazine hangs in mid-air.
4) 59) dialog: (in a rush) What -happens-after-I-go-to-the-top-of- the-ramp with-the-gi - Slam. Lock. 26 EXT. TOP OF SPORTS ARENA RAMP -—- NIGHT 26 Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca William inches into the realm of the girls at the top of ramp. The wind whips. It's just him, and two Groupies in their evening best. They now pretend to barely notice the young journalist who has been banished to stand with them Chattering excitedly, with sophistication far beyond her years, is ESTRELLA. She sports long unruly black hair. He partner hangs in the shadows, adjusting shoes. Estrella t to the kid with great disinterest.
4) 61) dialog: (embarrassed to be alive) Me? I'm with myself.
4) 63) dialog: I'm here to interview Black Sabbath. (beat) I'm a journalist. I'm not a... you know... Estrella stares at him. Moving into the parking lot light introducing herself, is a luminous girl in a green faux-f trimmed coat. This is PENNY LANE. There is an inviting wa and real interest in the way she asks:
4) 65) dialog: (enthralled) Oh... I'm just... not a... you know.
4) 67) dialog: (charmed) You know. A "groupie." The two girls are deeply insulted by the word.
4) 69) dialog: Sorry, I - Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
4) 72) dialog: -- sorry. Penny steps closer, focusing completely on the kid. Behin her, concert-goers throw a few woo-woos their way. She se not to hear them.
4) 79) dialog: Right. Right. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
4) 81) dialog: Okay. Well, see, now I get the difference. Shot drifts off him and picks up, out of the darkness, an breathless girl teetering on tall shoes. She is in the vi of 16. Her black hair is cropped short and died red, just like the cover of Bowie's Aladdin Sane. She is POLEXIA, t voluptuous one, from Riverside.
4) 86) dialog: William. Silent beat. His name lands like a thud.
4) 103) dialog: I don't want to cause a Thing. I'll wait.
4) 106) dialog: (to Dick) Hi, I'm a journalist. I write for Creem Magazine. Once again, the magazine hangs there. He can't give it aw
4) 108) dialog: (struggling forward) I'd like to interview you or someone from the band.
4) 110) dialog: Okay. Okay. I could do that.
4) 114) dialog: Russell. Jeff. Ed. Larry. (can't help it) I really love your band. I think the song "Fever Dog" is a big step forward for you guys. I think you guys producing it yourselves, instead of Glyn Johns, was the right thing to do. And the guitar sound was incendiary. (gestures with fist) Way to go. He turns and leaves, beginning his long trek back up the Russell looks at the others. That kind of love is hard to give up.
4) 130) dialog: (elegantly) The buzz?
4) 134) dialog: (proudly) I know that, "woo."
4) 138) dialog: Yeah.
5) 0) text: William sits on the backstage steps, writing feverishly i notebook. Behind him, two steps higher, Penny Lane scoots into place.
5) 2) dialog: (amped, distracted) Thanks. I got in with Stillwater. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca (as he writes) The guitarist, Russel Hammond, he just thoroughly opened up. He is by far the best and most honest interview I've ever done. (she nods) I've only done two, but you know. He's number one.
5) 4) dialog: Eighteen.
5) 6) dialog: Seventeen.
5) 8) dialog: Actually I'm 16.
5) 10) dialog: (confesses) I'm 15.
5) 12) dialog: (immediately) Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca No. She looks upstairs, soaking in the sound of another band up. Music is her religion. WILLIAM (cont'd) How did you get started in all this?
5) 14) dialog: (quick study) Right. Right.
5) 17) dialog: Russell, this is Penny Lane.
5) 22) dialog: Well, I guess you've... you've met.
5) 29) dialog: "The Riot House?"
5) 31) dialog: (attempting cool) Right. Right. All the while, just over the kid's shoulder, Russell scan backstage crowd of hangers-on. Looking perhaps for Penny
5) 37) dialog: Later Jeff! See you, Dick. Larry. Ed. (and now the roadies) Mick, Gregg, Red Dog, Scully, Frosty, Estrella, The Wheel!
5) 39) dialog: 
5) 42) dialog: You just missed Russell! He says he's at the "Riot House" all week and to call him. He's under the name Harry Houdini. Do you know about the "Riot House?"
5) 44) dialog: He had a message for you! He said, "It's not California without you. We want you around like last summer." (consults notebook) Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca Actually he said "ain't." "It ain't California - "
5) 46) dialog: How well do you guys know each other? She smiles privately. WILLIAM (cont'd) I got it. No problem. Long story. Alright! I gotta go. Elsewhere in the arena, Black Sabbath is performing "Swee Leaf." The kid could care less. He has bonded with Stillw He heads for the door. Penny walks with him. He's loving They pass a still-scowling Scotty, flashing passes, as th exit out into the ramp area. 32 EXT. SPORTS ARENA -— NIGHT 32 Penny takes out an eyeliner pencil, writes her number on back of his green notebook.
5) 48) dialog: I think I live in a different world. They stand in the night air. The parking lot is largely s now, save for the thudding bass sounds of Black Sabbath. the distance, we hear Elaine's insistent whistle.
5) 50) dialog: Yes. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca In the distance, we hear the family whistle growing loud
5) 52) dialog: Okay.
5) 54) dialog: It's all happening. He nods cooly. He waits until she turns, and the sprints through the parking lot, to the distant family whistle.
5) 58) dialog: Hey Darryl.
5) 60) dialog: Yeah. She and Mom are still sorta... Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca I'd say "not speaking," but I don't know if they ever did.
5) 62) dialog: That's okay. I don't want to know. It's my room now.
5) 64) dialog: Okay —
5) 66) dialog: No.
5) 68) dialog: Yeah. I'm thinking about going to Morocco.
5) 70) dialog: A little might not be enough.
5) 72) dialog: (nods, an old issue) Yeah -
5) 76) dialog: Cool. Alright. William nods and continues his work, self-consciously, as sits on his bed and soaks in the memories of the room. A moment passes. Darryl pats his thighs, and rises.
5) 78) dialog: Okay, man. 34 INT. LIVING ROOM -—— EVENING 34 William slips on corduroy jacket, over a tie-dyed shirt. it's definitely a look. Mom appears more nervous than her son.
5) 80) dialog: Mom. I'm 15. (beat, vague panic) Right?
5) 82) dialog: I thought it was pretty good.
5) 86) dialog: (anticipating her, like a parent) And don't take drugs.
5) 88) dialog: Mom?
5) 90) dialog: (loving but firm, as if to a dog.) Stay.
5) 92) dialog: I-love-you-bye. He opens the door. Neil Young. "Sugar Mountain." Watching him leave is always a killer. She's not getting any bette it either. She folds her arms tightly across her chest. 35 EXT. WILLIAM'S HOUSE -—- NIGHT 35 Penny waist by her car, down the hill, sporting a differe more elegant look. She cups her hands and yells up to him He hikes down the hill, squishing down the water plants, falling, the first time we've seen him happy in his own s Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 36 EXT. SUNSET BOULEVARD --— LATER NIGHT 36 Miss Penny Lane's yellow Vega makes the big swing onto Su Boulevard. She sings along to the obscure words of Led Zeppelin's "Dancing Days." William takes it all in from t passenger seat. Huge billboards advertise not cigarettes beer, but albums. It's a wondrous piece of geography for rock fan. Shot moves in as William, watches, takes it all He moves his head outside the window to see fully. Her windshield is cracked along the side.
5) 94) dialog: (beat, working it out) Yeah. Yes. She makes a swift turn into a secret parking spot near th hotel.
5) 96) dialog: What is it with you and Russell? 37 EXT. SUNSET BOULEVARD -— NIGHT 37 Neil Young and Crazy Horse's "Cinnamon Girl" ricochets ac the Strip. It's blasting from cars tuned into KMET. Penny now wears her green faux-fur trimmed coat. She grabs Will hand, steadying her hat at the same time. They dart acros the busy street. She stumbles a little on her platforms. steadies his taller date. They are a good team as they pa Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca one of several humming tour busses parked out front. 38 INT. HYATT HOUSE LOBBY --— NIGHT 38 Penny blasts into the Continental Hyatt House, William on arm. The lobby of this bastion of seventies rock is more than most clubs. It's a swirling mass of Roadies carrying Halliburton briefcases plastered with tour stickers, ming Rockers, and more than a few Groupies with lower-ambition taller-platforms than Penny Lane. The feeling is communal illicit, intoxicating. The secret community of rock. Penn attracts a hailstorm of friends and comrades.
5) 105) text: (moving, English accent) Have we met? Effortlessly touching an arm here and there, charming all she had four men suddenly circling her. PENNY LANE (cont'd) I've made a decision. I'm going to go traveling in India. Then I'm going to learn how to play the violin. Then I'm going to go to college for one year. William looks at her, perplexed and a little hurt. What a Morocco?
5) 110) dialog: Polexia!
5) 114) dialog: Yeah, I picked that up.
6) 0) text: Penny nearby as William picks up the house phone. He shou over the din.
6) 1) dialog: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca Harry Houdini, please. As he waits, he discreetly pockets the matches, hotel pad pencil next to the housephone.
7) 0) text: William, Polexia and an ambivalent Penny walk the hallway looking for the room. William looks in the passing open d each one a different window into another world.
7) 5) dialog: (happy to be there) Alright. Russell places a beer in William's hands, and exits.
7) 8) dialog: (worried) We've got to stop them.
7) 13) dialog: Not on me.
7) 15) dialog: No. (attempting to fit in) But I... I grow it. I grow it. Polexia looks at the kid, laughing at his poor job of lyi
7) 17) dialog: I'd be someone else.
7) 28) text: INT. WILLIAM'S BEDROOM -— DAY William is on the phone in his own small room.
7) 29) dialog: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca This is he.
7) 31) dialog: Yes it is.
7) 33) dialog: (immediately, suddenly deeper) Thanks... thanks.
7) 35) dialog: (voice now to deep) How about Stillwater?
7) 39) dialog: (deeply) Yes.
8) 3) dialog: Crazy.
9) 2) dialog: But besides that, what would be wrong with it?
9) 4) dialog: (still copying) swill merchants...
10) 0) text: William knocks on the teacher's lounge door. A Teacher an protective of their sanctuary.
10) 1) dialog: (urgently) I need to talk to Mrs. Deegan, from Journalism. Mrs. Deegan appears in the doorway. 46 EXT. WILLIAM'S HOME —- LATE AFTERNOON 46 Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca The sun is still shining. It's late afternoon, as Elaine exits her car and arrives home. She sees a few extra cars the driveway, is immediately suspicious.
11) 0) text: Elaine arrives to find William, Mrs. Deegan and Darryl aw her in the living room. It's a 1973-style intervention. T wear sunny, compassionate smiles.
11) 14) dialog: (lightening fast) "He who jealously guards his fears, quietly yearns to bring them about!" her in this small Mrs. Deegan admires their high-strung intellectual parryi Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca makes an impressed noise.
11) 17) dialog: Darryl. Please. Nearby, having anticipated all of the above, William nods Mrs. Deegan, and stands.
11) 19) dialog: Lady of the Jury. (beat) I wish to disprove the prevailing false belief that rock music is based on drugs and sex. True, perhaps at one time... but rock music is different now. It is now performed by hard-working intellectuals, with... with blazing intellectual pursuits, and I am going to play for you a piece of music designed to show you that my thesis is correct.
11) 21) dialog: The song is based on the literature of Tolkien... and it's mystical attempt to elevate humanity has been successful throughout the world... this song Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca will change your life. Mom stifles a cough. William nods to Darryl, who reverent drops the needle with a thud. Mom is trapped, as we liste silent static... and then... the opening notes of Led Zep "Stairway to Heaven." William gives his Mother the album cover's inner-sleeve with lyrics. WILLIAM (cont'd) We ask you only to listen. Camera passes across their serious and expectant faces. T intro in not short. We listen, just watching their faces, Elaine becomes increasingly impatient.
11) 22) dialog: When is it going to start — Soon. Immediately, overlapping, the vocal begins. ("There's a l who's sure all that glitters is gold.")
12) 0) text: Mom adjust herself in the chair, listens politely, checks watch. She looks at William. 50 EXT. HOME — AFTERNOON 50 Sprinklers continue. ("If there's a bustle in your hedger
16) 0) text: The Stillwater Tour Bus rumbles down the desert highway. destination banner reads - ALMOST FAMOUS -—- TOUR 73. Mus continues. 56 INT. BUS -— DAY 56 William strains for a look at Russell five rows up. He pl slide guitar, working out a part. Next to Russell is Penn Lane. Penny raises an early-model Polaroid camera and - f — takes a picture of a nearby sleeping Jeff Bebe.
16) 3) dialog: No. I'm a journalist.
16) 5) dialog: (very professional) Russell. Do you think we might be able to find some time to talk when we get to Phoenix? I want to interview everyone separately... and I felt we'd start with you and me. Nearby, Jeff now listens in, feeling immediately jealous. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
16) 7) dialog: Because I've got a thing in a couple days.
16) 9) dialog: (self-conscious) It's a... thing where... uhm... you go there to graduate. School.
16) 14) dialog: No thanks. A wall of pot smoke is exhaled, right into his face. It surrounds him like a cloud. The bus shudders, as Russell continues playing slide up ahead. 57 INT. WILLIAM'S LIVING ROOM — NIGHT 57 Elaine sits in her living room, filled with her books. La Department store photos of her children on the wall. She her own loneliness, and his too, as she dials a phone num
17) 3) dialog: Thanks.
17) 5) dialog: I know. William cooly takes the folded message, doesn't look at i and tries to pretend this embarrassing moment didn't happ Jeff exchanges a look with Russell. Nearby, the walking commotion arrives, clacking through the lobby. It's Sapph Last night's clothes are now today's. She holds a travel and hanger with some odd blouses.
17) 17) dialog: Sure. I'll take her.
17) 19) dialog: Sure. Estrella arrives with travel bag, equally homeless, looki hopeful. WILLIAM (cont'd) If there's room — Penny squeezes him. He feels cool... but the girl he real wanted to stay in his room now joins Russell, disappearin into the elevator. He looks down at the message in his ha and opens it. It reads: DON'T TAKE DRUGS! He snaps it closed quickly, b anyone can see. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 5S9A IN. RUSSELL's ROOM -—- NIGHT 59A Russell plays acoustic guitar, a notebook cradled on his Trying to write. It's coming slowly. Shot moves off him, past a flickering television, onto Penny who silently and intently watches Russell as if he's a rare and beautiful He looks over at her - she turns away quickly. He goes ba to work. Tries to catch her watching him again. She turns away just in time.
18) 0) text: Stillwater's "Fever Dog" plays from the t.v. radio. Willi on the bed, a thick local phone book on his lap. His hote room. He watches self-consciously as the girls go about t ritual of inhabiting a room on the road. Sapphire flutter paisley scarf over the room lamp. Polexia puts a towel al the crack of the door, blows out the glowing embers on to many sticks of incense, and moves to the phone. Estrella joined them as well, complete with a bag full of shoes. Instantly, we have atmosphere and not much room left in t the smallest room in the hotel. William thumbs through th phone book with fascination.
18) 1) dialog: All these people. (wondrous, off phone book) And they all live in Phoenix.
18) 3) dialog: (still wondrous, from phone book) Alex. Lowbatz.
18) 5) dialog: Charles. C. Swoop.
18) 9) dialog: Paul and Debbie Finger.
19) 2) dialog: Okay. You guys. Wait. Put down the phone, Polexia. (she does, sadly) First, this is my room...
19) 4) dialog: Second. I'm not Opie. Alright? Opie is a little boy. I'm here to doa job. I ama professional.
19) 6) dialog: Third! (has their attention now) this phone is a big, big deal. In a minute, I have to go interview Russell. Do not answer this phone if it rings. I have family members with severe anxiety Problems. She will not understand.
19) 9) dialog: Okay. I have a solution. Answer the phone. But if anyone without an English accent is on the phone... (winging it) Just hang up. Or say it's the wrong room. They nod. It's a good plan. 61 EXT. HALLWAY —- NIGHT 61 The hanging sign on the door reads: DO NOT DISTURB. Willi knocks on Russell's door. A maid pushes up against him wi her cart, which now blocks the hallway.
19) 10) dialog: 
19) 14) dialog: 
19) 19) dialog: 
19) 23) dialog: 
19) 26) dialog: No, I'm fine. I'll just interview Jeff Bebe some more.
20) 2) text: INT. WILLIAM'S HOUSE --— NIGHT It's Mom on the phone.
20) 9) dialog: (very professional) Now that you're starting to be successful, you had twenty-six years to write your first Album... and you'll have maybe four months for the second. Do you worry that the pressure of the business will get in the way of the original joy of making your music? Or Russell blinks. The all-consuming issues of his life are in front of him. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
20) 10) text: Whoa! (laughing) I need three more beers and my guitar before I can answer that question. Let's take a walk. 69 EXT. HOTEL POOL AREA — NIGHT 69 Russell walks the outskirts of the pool area with William William follows him through the sliding glass door to his facing the pool. Russell grabs his guitar. They stand for moment, unheard by the others, and regard the living port twenty yards in front of them. The off-limits after-hours pool area has been overtaken by the Stillwater tour membe Jeff Bebe sits in a chair nearby. Dick laughs at a joke. Always the life of the party, Penny Lane dispenses stolen from a maid cart. And she is the first to slip into the p for some after-hours, against-the-rules swimming. Effortl she turns a collection of people into a party. They regar her, well out of earshot of the others.
20) 12) dialog: It's off.
20) 14) dialog: I will quote you warmly and accurately.
20) 16) dialog: Ohhhh. Oh. Yeah.
20) 18) dialog: Right. Yeah.
20) 20) dialog: Right. Right.
20) 22) dialog: I do.
20) 24) dialog: (ruefully) Yeah.
20) 26) dialog: (feeling included) No, that's okay. We'll do the interview tomorrow.
20) 28) dialog: Yeah.
20) 30) dialog: Hey - for whatever it's worth - you guys are really good. Russell laughs at the kid's easy naivete. He hands his gu to the kid, and joins the party. William watches, part of crowd... somehow feeling a little compromised. He doesn't care. Penny gestures for him to join them. 70 EXT. SUN STADIUM — AFTERNOON 70 William interviews Larry in the seats of the empty arena. stage, Ed soundchecks his drums.
20) 31) dialog: How would you describe your role in Stillwater? What is the chemical that Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca you add to the chemistry?
20) 33) dialog: (pressing for some poetry) Right. And when you take that away... what would be missing? Stylistically? What chemical?
21) 1) text: Get in, get in!! William boards the bus, as the extremely agitated PROMOTE arrives to confront Dick.
21) 19) dialog: What did it feel like to be Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca electrocuted?
21) 22) dialog: What will our names be? She snaps a Polaroid of a nearby sleeping Silent Ed, pock the Polaroid. She regards Russell up ahead, also sleeping Her attention has already wandered from Morocco.
21) 26) dialog: Cleveland, Ohio? Oh no no no. I gotta get my interview with Russell before Greenville. And you've got to help me. Okay? Friends... remember? Penny is still watching Russell.
21) 28) dialog: What problems?
21) 30) dialog: I can't keep up with you.
21) 32) dialog: What's your real name? She looks at him briefly. She puts her arm around him. It intoxicating, but he doesn't quite know how to act. With free hand, she gestures with a hanger. As they regard Rus sleeping nearby:
21) 34) dialog: What do you love about music? Ed looks at him thoughtfully. It is an eloquent moment. H thinks. He shrugs. The kid tumbles with more questions. These interviews are not going well. 76 INT. BATHROOM — NIGHT 76 William, looking concerned over the state of his intervie walks into the backstage bathroom. He makes a few surrept notes in his notebook before noticing that Jeff is standi there, clearly just finishing a quick hit of cocaine offe by a Local Hanger-On. Seeing the kid, he immediately hide the coke spoon.
21) 36) dialog: Hey. William pretends he sees nothing as he turns to the urina and shot stays on Jeff, who looks a little high and a lit worried. 77 INT. BACKSTAGE PAY PHONE — NIGHT 77 William is on the pay phone with his Mother. The show boo in the background.
21) 37) dialog: I know. I know. I know. (beat) I know. Mom. Mom... Mom. 78 INT. STAGE — NIGHT 718 Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca Stillwater on-stage. A great show. Russell on fire. 719 INT. BACKSTAGE PAY PHONE — NIGHT 719 William on the phone. Estrella leans on him, fixing her s
21) 38) dialog: Right now -—- Topeka. Then Greenville. Then home. He winces slightly, holds the phone away from his ear for moment. WILLIAM (cont'd) I'm sorry I didn't call yesterday! It's not like you can just carry a phone around with you. 80 INT. ELAINE'S SCHOOL OFFICE --— AFTERNOON 80 Mom sits in her school office, a miniature version of her - a fortress in which she is surrounded by books. The sun going down. She can't resist a sentimental moment.
21) 40) dialog: I missed the last thing you said. Mom takes a pause.
21) 43) dialog: 
21) 47) dialog: I LOVE you!! Penny smiles knowingly, collecting his affection like ano backstage pass, and turns away. Camera stays on William. is suddenly and deeply embarrassed. He's just told her th he loves her and she knows it. He hangs up, traumatized. 82 INT. TOPEKA DRESSING ROOM —- NIGHT 82 Russell's hair is slicked with sweat from a show just fin He is shirtless with a towel around his shoulders. Luggag for the next city is stacked by the door.
21) 49) dialog: Do you have to be depressed to write a sad song? Do you have to be in love to write a love song? Is a song better if it really happened to you? Like, "If You Say Nothing"... where did you write that and how did it come about? Russell admires the many questions. Says nothing. He look at his hand, thinks.
21) 78) dialog: You okay? You alright? Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca Russell doesn't answer.
21) 80) dialog: Thanks. A wave of warmth comes over Russell.
21) 82) dialog: Well, my dad died of a heart attack and my sister believes that my Mom is so intense that she might have contributed to it. Plus -
21) 84) dialog: It's good to talk about it. Really good. Russel now sees some hero worship in the kid's face, and makes him nervous. WILLIAM (cont'd) Hey, man, maybe we should go back.
22) 0) text: William follows Russell protectively. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
22) 2) dialog: We should probably head back sometime. Russell ignores him.
22) 5) dialog: Please don't give him any more acid.
23) 0) text: William watches as a wobbly Russell Hammond, in sunglasse now, goes through Aaron's record collection. He places th albums over his face, like masks.
24) 0) text: William waits anxiously to use the phone, keeping an eye Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca Russell. Russell is now strangely twisting/dancing with girls in the living room, as more cars arrive outside.
24) 2) dialog: No no. Nope. No. William takes the phone and hangs up. Keeping an eye on R in the next room, he dials from a tour itinerary sheet. WILLIAM (cont'd) Dick Roswell, please? (beat) Dick!! I got him!! He's okay... I've been Looking after him. He's on acid, though. I can't Really tell. How do you know when it's "kicked in?" 88 EXT. AARON'S BACKYARD -— NIGHT 88 Russel stands on the jutting corner of the house rooftop. The unlit, unheated greenish family pool beckons to him b It's kicked in.
24) 5) dialog: Hey Russell —
24) 8) dialog: Don't jump, okay?
24) 10) dialog: I think we should work on those last words.
24) 12) dialog: No, I'm not —
24) 15) dialog: Just come on down!!
25) 0) text: It's getting lighter. Cars line the street. And now, fina turning the corner, is Doris the Bus. 90 INT. KITCHEN -— MORNING 90 Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca William watches the effects of personal charisma. Wet partygoers surround Russell, bottle of Jack Daniels still hand, wrapped in towels. Now a bond has passes between th all of them. Algae drips from the corner of Russell's fac and neck.
26) 7) dialog: Which half?
26) 9) dialog: (very direct) I have a lot more. Just help me get my interview so I can go home from Greenville. I have to go home. (pulls him back) I have to go home.
26) 15) text: 95 INT. WILLIAM'S HOTEL ROOM — DAY 95 It's a small wooden-walled hotel room in Greenville. Pole tries on clothes. William barely notices as he talks to L on the phone.
26) 16) dialog: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca Rolling Stone is calling me. I don't have my key interview. I don't know what to say.
26) 18) dialog: (madly copying) think... piece...
26) 23) dialog: Wait. I'll leave. He gets up, knocking his carefully organized notes onto t floor. He is brimming with things to say. More than he is even able to communicate. WILLIAM (cont'd) You know, I think this is going backwards for me.
26) 25) dialog: (flustered) I don't know. I just thought we could hang out, maybe do some stuff back home, regular stuff, get to know each other better... and then I'd see you pee. I mean, that's the way I usually do it.
26) 27) dialog: I'm not one of you.
26) 29) dialog: Don't you have any regular friends? Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
26) 31) dialog: (carefully) Well, I would be worried that they were using me. And not that anybody's using you, but — She swoons a little, touched and moved.
26) 33) dialog: Let me finish. (continuing) I'm not famous.... but you could always use me. If anything happens. And I would never use you. Even if I got famous. So you know, you always have that from me... in the real world. If you ever have to go back there, for anything. She looks at him curiously, as the door blasts open. Sapp and Polexia head for William.
26) 35) dialog: Did he call? (realizes their intention) What are you -- stop it -- we're talking here.
27) 0) text: William is awake. Sunlight floods in from the corners of window-shades. He is surrounded by the fallen cavalry of night before... Sapphire and Polexia. The phone rings, an Sapphire instantly snaps it up, still asleep. Lost in her dreams, she offers the sexiest hello ever.
27) 2) dialog: (lowers voice) Hello. 101 INT. BEN FONG-TORRES' KITCHEN --— SATURDAY MORNING 10 Ben Fong-Torres is up bright and early.
27) 4) dialog: I'm getting good stuff out here.
27) 10) dialog: (conflicted) Crazy. The kid hangs up, now shouldering even more pressure. He unclamps Polexia's mouth.
27) 13) dialog: I'm going out to find Russell.
27) 15) dialog: (to the girls) What am I to you? Tell me right now! What. Am. I. To. You. 102 INT. HOTEL HALLWAY —- DAY 102 Circles have sprouted up under William's eyes. The orange strapped over his shoulder, he lugs a huge bag of laundry consults room list. A variety of noises and smells drift the band rooms. He sees Room Service arrive at Dick's doo and it's Estrella who opens the door. (Dick in the background.) She smiles sweetly to William -- good mornin as the door shuts.
27) 16) dialog: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca Houdini... Houdini... He arrives at Russell's door. Two exclamation points have been Sharpie-markered to the words Do Not Disturb on the is gaffer-taped to his door. He looks through the crack, the bottom of the door. Carefully and politely, he knocks Instantly:
27) 20) dialog: No. I can't. You've got to help me. I have to go home.
27) 22) dialog: (to Penny) You said you'd help me.
27) 28) dialog: (weary) Rock and roll. We hear David Bowie's live version of "Waiting for the Ma 103 INT. HOTEL ROOM —- DAY 103 They sit together, hair askew, in sunglasses, resting aga the headboard. Carefully, Russell identifies his thoughts
29) 0) text: Russell and band enter like warriors, in a pack. William with the heavy bags in hand and over his shoulder. Here, the middle of the midwest, is an explosive rock mecca, ju promised. The feeling of belonging invades all those in t lobby. Fans and other touring rockers mingle together. Outside in the real world, everyone else is going to work
30) 0) text: Dick squats at the front of the stage, and talks to a few in the front row of this crowd. 110 INT. BACKSTAGE CLEVELAND PAY PHONE — NIGHT 110 A wild Cleveland crowd in the building. The cities on thi tour are getting bigger, and so are the audiences. And th is a whiff of business now too. Men in satin tour jackets some Disc-jockey types cruise the backstage. A Hysterical is led screaming to the nearby medic room. Few even react it's Cleveland - as the shot finds William, tired and yaw on the backstage pay phone. He is absolutely ready for th worst.
30) 1) dialog: Hi Mom. I'm in Cleveland. He listens stoically. Larry and Ed watch nearby.
30) 2) text: INT. LIVING ROOM -—- NIGHT Moms sits in silence. WILLIAM (cont'd) (rehearsed) I'm fine! I'm fine! I'm flying back on Monday Morning. I'll only miss one test. I'll make it up. Russell listens in, holding his guitar, laughing.
30) 4) dialog: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca (covers phone) No. Russell grabs the phone, talks to the silent mother on th other end.
30) 15) dialog: Some people get her. Some don't. Russell is still recovering. William feels embarrassed by mother, once again.
31) 0) text: William in the dressing room, eyes red with exhaustion, f interviewing Russell. He holds the mike stoically.
31) 1) dialog: So when you play a great show like tonight... Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca Dick enters with great urgency.
33) 0) text: The girls sit on the jumper seats at the back of the plan with William. 116 INT. BOSTON HOTEL ROOM HALLWAY -—— DAY 116 William trudges the hallway with tape-recorder and notebo trolling for Russell. He passes Boston travelogue posters the walls. A few room doors are open, he looks for any si of the guitarist. William veers into Dick's room, where a Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca poker game full of Roadies is in progress. The room is t with exotic smoke. They are a bunch of road-hardened snob smoking cigars and other items, famous to themselves, lis not to rock and roll... but Sarah Vaughn.
33) 1) dialog: Anyone seen Russell?
33) 11) dialog: No, I got it.
34) 0) text: William and Penny sit on opposite ends of a blue locker-r bench. It's a small dressing room, crowded with roadies, guitars and men in stages of half-dress. Piles of luggage headed for New York sit by the door. The door suddenly op and Dick arrives with champagne and a cake decorated with sparkler. It is placed in Penny's lap. It reads: Unforget Penny... Age Unknown. Boston, 1973. They gather now as th cake sits before a surprised and enchanted Penny Lane.
34) 4) text: So it wasn't a birthday party, it was a farewell. William doesn't answer. He looks at her, blowing some hai out of her face. PENNY (cont'd) You think you can fool me. I read you. I know what you're thinking.
34) 5) dialog: What's that?
34) 7) dialog: Yeah. I gotta work on that.
34) 9) dialog: Don't tell me this stuff. I want to like him.
34) 11) dialog: (quietly) Penny -
34) 13) dialog: —- I'm not sure that's a good idea.
34) 15) dialog: I don't know anything.
34) 17) dialog: (loud) Wake up! Don't go to New York!
34) 19) dialog: Because you're not who you said you were! I thought you were retired!
34) 21) dialog: Oh no. Never you! You eat people alive! She tears some leaves off a tree. He looks at her, unable formulate a response. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
34) 23) dialog: That's a good one. Tell me too much and make it my fault. He continues walking, she follows. They have ventured out the backstage area, onto adjoining Boston farmland. The s booms in the background.
34) 25) dialog: (beat) You slept with Iggy Pop!? She says nothing. WILLIAM (cont'd) (sputtering) Why don't you just tell me now, who else -- so when I go to the record store, I know who to be jealous of. Because right now, it's looking like the whole store! He's upset. She stares at him.
34) 27) dialog: (upset at the memory) So was Steely Dan! It was a crowded room. She laughs, can't help it. Then:
34) 29) dialog: (continuing) I thought we were going to Morocco! There's no Morocco. There's never been a Morocco. There's not even a Penny Lane. I don'teven know your real name.
34) 31) dialog: When and where does the real world occur? I am really... confused here. Fuck! All these Rules And all these sayings... and nicknames...
34) 33) dialog: Where do you get off... where do you get "sweet?" I'm not sweet. I'm dark and mysterious and pissed-off and I could be very dangerous to all of you... I'm not sweet, and you should know that about me! I am The Enemy.
34) 35) dialog: You fall in love to keep from falling in love.
34) 37) dialog: Well, I have to go home. And you never helped me. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
34) 39) dialog: That disc-jockey in Arizona got a better interview than me... and he was asleep. He starts walking back to the stage. She follows. They ar two very young kids thrashed by the seas of rock and roll His frustration increases. She just doesn't get it. Appla in b.g. She grabs his shirt.
34) 41) dialog: (blurts) -- sold you to Humble Pie for fifty dollars and a case of beer? I was there! He is instantly sorry. Her world privately crumbles, but tries to remain stoic and carefree.
35) 15) dialog: (embarrassed) Well -- I kept thinking I was going home the next day --
35) 17) dialog: Ric! It's Super Zeppelin fan Ric Nunez.
36) 0) text: William checks in.
36) 2) dialog: (deep voice) Hello.
37) 2) dialog: Mojo?
38) 0) text: The sound of feet on pavement. William looks at addresses hustling to the Daily News office. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca 126B INT. DAILY NEWS COPY STATION -—- NIGHT 126B William tears pages from his notebook and feeds them into large and clunky earliest model fax machine -- "The Mojo. hear David Bowie. "The Jean Genie." A127 EXT. MAX'S KANSAS CITY -- NIGHT Al27 William weaves, exhausted, into the Stillwater press part this legendary New York nightspot. The Doorman, who check i.d.s, sees the kid and expresses great doubt.
39) 0) text: The famous hub of New York rock and roll. A strong whiff decadence mixes with youthful naivete. Not a hippie in si William walks through, looking for familiar faces. Overhe we hear Stillwater. "If You Say Nothing." The party is fi with scenesters, long silver-haired glamsters, some Briti journalists, and many hunched young skinny bodies in leat jackets. Russell grabs him by the arm.
39) 2) dialog: I have some good news.
40) 2) dialog: I do.
40) 4) dialog: (exiting) Wait. I've got something to tell - But he finds himself trailing Russell to the back room ba 128 INT. GIRL'S BATHROOM —- NIGHT - SAME TIME 128 Leslie in the bathroom. Penny enters and watches her discreetly. They stand together, side-by-side at the mirr Leslie looks once, turns and then turns back at Penny. Sh knows. 129 INT. BACKROOM --— NIGHT 129 William sits with the band. Over Jeff's head, Penny hangs nearby, at the outskirts, drinking and dancing. They shar look, feigning casualty.
40) 5) dialog: You guys -—- you guys —-— (beat) You're gonna be on the cover of Rolling Stone. Stunned and overwhelmed, the band waits a beat, lets it s in... and goes wild. Russell, stunned too, looks at the k It's big news. Jeff stands immediately, eyes moist, glass raised.
40) 9) dialog: She's with me. And now Leslie has confirmation. A symphony of looks, as gets to his feet and moves to confront Penny. Penny Lane' eyes fill and she runs out. Russell stands... and sees Wi also stand. William turns and follows her. Russell stands watching, and does not leave. We hear Elton John's "Mona Lisas and Mad Hatters."
41) 0) text: William exits as a crush of Partygoers arrives. He doesn' know where she is. He takes off to examine the cabs stuck traffic. Song continues.
42) 0) text: William on the house phone. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
42) 1) text: Emily Rugburn, please. 132 INT. HOTEL HALLWAY --— NIGHT 132 William approaches Suite 702. The door is open. He hears band voices, and sees new faces. MUSICIAN # 1 intercepts
42) 2) dialog: Hi. I'm a friend of Penny Lane's.
42) 4) dialog: Where is she? Room Service arrives. Some appetizers and a large expensi bottle of champagne on ice.
42) 8) dialog: What happened?
42) 10) dialog: Oh -- wonderful. (into phone) Front desk? Please send a doctor. Room... what room? 703. 702. Both rooms, either room. This is Mr. Rugburn, Yes. My wife's had an accident with some quaaludes. Yes - I'll do that. The room has emptied out. Just them, and the remnants of movable party that has moved elsewhere. WILLIAM (cont'd) Wake up! He struggles to get her on her feet. She tips over on her strappy platform shoes. He struggles to untie them. 133 EXT. GRADUATION -— DAY 133 The School band plays "Colour My World." School PRINCIPAL the podium.
42) 13) dialog: "In the unlikely event of a water landing... "
42) 15) dialog: Keep going.
42) 17) dialog: (prompting) "Seat and tray tables."
42) 20) dialog: "In the tragic event of a water landing..." 139 EXT. GRADUATION — DAY 139 The Principal shares a few thoughts: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
43) 0) text: William holds Penny. She is very woozy.
43) 2) dialog: Well. Now that I have your attention. Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca And you may not remember this later, I just want to make it clear that... Hey! (she blinks, barely awake again) I know you've heard this before. And I have never said this to anybody, not really - well, nobody who didn't legally have to say it back to me, but — (tries to be casual) I love you. And I have a hard time sharing you with all of rock and roll because I - why am I nervous? —- You'll never remember this -— HEY! —- (she blinks) I love you, and I'm about to boldly go where... Many men have gone before... He kisses her. A doctor and nurse come crashing into the They push past William and pull Penny into the bathroom. sits on the edge of the bed, looking into the bathroom, a they work on her. We hear Stevie Wonder. "My Cherie Amor. 140 INT. BATHROOM — NIGHT 140 Doctor places a tube down Penny Lane's throat. A bored nu holds a water-bag, lowering it to ground level.
43) 6) dialog: Thank you Doctor.
43) 10) dialog: I don't have a driver's license. With me.
43) 12) dialog: Happy Anniversary. The Doctor puts the champagne in his bag.
43) 15) dialog: What about your Mom?
43) 17) dialog: (horrified) She named you Lady?
43) 19) dialog: No.
43) 21) dialog: Well -- this -- this just explains everything. He wishes it did. She rubs her stomach. It's a rocky morn WILLIAM (cont'd) See you back in the real world.
43) 23) dialog: Hey Lady! Four Woman turn, but not Penny. She disappears. 144 INT. AIRPLANE — DAY 144 Penny Lane settles into her seat on the airplane. She not William watching from the terminal window, and waves.
43) 26) dialog: Who can run no further.
43) 31) dialog: It's a log story. A sharp jolt of turbulence. Russell begins pounding on th card table in rhythm.
43) 75) dialog: "That groupie?" She was a Band-Aid. All she did was love your band. And you all -- you used her, all of you. You used her and threw her away. She almost died last night, while you were with Bob Dylan. You're always talking about the fans, the fans, the fans. She was your biggest fan and you threw her away. And if you can't see that, that's your biggest problem. Russell and Jeff stare at each other. The plane is rockin very very hard. Leslie is crying.
44) 0) text: The kid checks the address as he arrives at the MJB Build and its next-door neighbor, the San Francisco headquarter Rolling Stone Magazine. He still wears the same clothes f last night in New York. 150 INT. ROLLING STONE MAGAZINE —- DAY 150 William arrives at the front desk, gets the once-over fro friendly RECEPTIONIST, a paragon of new cool.
44) 2) dialog: I'm not a messenger. I'm one of your writers. William Miller. He is zombie-tired, with heavy duffel case and his orange 151 INT. ROLLING STONE OFFICES -—-— DAY 151 William walks down the center aisle. Editors and writers at him, standing at the front of their cubicles to see th exhausted 15 year-old writer. At the end of the aisle, li human finish line, stand Ben Fong-Torres.
44) 4) dialog: Yep.
44) 14) dialog: Please let me finish it. Give me tonight to work on it.
44) 18) dialog: Ben. You told me to send what I had. It's not finished.
44) 20) text: Let him use the big office. It's where Hunter used to write. William rises, gratefully. He shakes Jann's hand.
44) 22) dialog: Yes. It took it in grade school. 153 INT. BIG OFFICE —- NIGHT 153 William sits in the "big" office. It's a small white tank After all the sound and fury, there is only the hum of a electric typewriter. His research, transcripts and some b photos sit nearby. He takes a bite of a candy bar, a sip coffee. He looks at the phone. INT. LESTER BANGS' BEDROOM -—- NIGHT Crazy jazz is playing. Lester Bangs on the phone.
44) 24) text: INT. ROLLING STONE --— NIGHT William in the empty Rolling Stone office.
44) 25) dialog: (ruefully) Well, it was fun.
44) 27) dialog: I know. Even when I though I was, I knew I wasn't.
44) 29) dialog: I can really see that now.
44) 31) dialog: I'm glad you were home.
44) 33) dialog: Me too!
44) 35) dialog: (distraught) I feel better
44) 66) dialog: Did you talk to Russell?
44) 72) dialog: Goodbye. He exits.
45) 0) text: William moves like a zombie through the airport, and coll in a seat. He sits still in the crowded flow of human tra A cluster of Flight Attendants pass. One stops, a stylish woman wearing a tall bubble-shaped PSA hat with swirling
45) 7) dialog: Yeah.
45) 10) dialog: Just get me to my bed.
45) 30) text: at the entrance. Raises his hand. RUSSELL (cont'd) Good evening! 162A EXT. SAN FRANCISCO — DAY 162A Russell stands outside, a traveling man with no where to Oddly, and in a way that surprises him, the world begins speak to him again... little noises everywhere, turning i music of its own. It's a beautiful and compelling "silenc He thrusts his hands deep in his pockets, and takes a bre of life. His head filling again with the music of the wor he begins to walk down the street. Very naturally, and qu randomly, he is noticed by young passersby. They can't he it. He looks like a star. They can't quite figure out who is, but it's someone, and they begin to follow him down t street. Unbeknownst to him as he walks along, deep in tho a small crowd begins to form... following him. 163 INT. BREAKFAST TABLE — DAY 163 A quiet kitchen. Anita has been cooking. A substantial breakfast has been placed on the table. Sausage, orange juice... and now Anita sets down a plate of pancakes, wit syrup and butter, in front of her mother. William watches mother facing an old enemy - white sugar.