30) 32) text: Only The Postman laughs. No one else reacts. Briscoe watches dubiously from the wall as the people surround Th Postman and sweep him through the gates and into town. One couple watches The Postman closely as he makes his wa into town. She is ABBY -- a sweet-faced, pretty woman. Her husband, MICHAEL, is a decent-looking sort, tall and strong.
36) 13) dialog: Would you like to dance?
36) 15) text: He laughs.    Abby says nothing.
36) 17) text: Abby holds out her hand like a promise.
36) 18) dialog: All you got to do is hold on.
36) 21) dialog: How tall are you?
36) 23) dialog: Are you smart?
36) 25) dialog: Just wondering. Did you ever have the bad mumps?
36) 31) dialog: Have you ever had herpes or syphilis or anything like that?
36) 33) dialog: So as far as you know, you have good semen?
36) 35) dialog: I don't mean to be nosy. I'm only asking because I want you to make me pregnant.
36) 36) text: Stunned, The Postman stops dancing.      Abby takes this moment to grab Michael.
36) 38) text: Abby takes Michael's arm, introduces him proudly.
36) 39) dialog: This is my husband.    Michael.
36) 41) dialog: We've been trying to have a baby for three years. We can't on account of Michael had the bad mumps when he was twelve. So we need a body father. We could ask a man here, but it could cause trouble. I've seen it happen. Things go okay until the woman starts to show. Then it can be bad. But you'll only be around once in awhile with the mail.
36) 42) text: The Postman just stares at them.      Abby looks to Micha
36) 43) dialog: He hasn't said 'no'.
41) 5) text: The door opens. Surprise. Abby stands in the doorway, her hair held up by an old red ribbon. He sits up.
41) 7) dialog: You'll be leaving tomorrow?
41) 12) dialog: (enters; closes door) Everybody's up late writing letters for you to take. We're not supposed to waste candles like that, but they're so excited.
41) 14) dialog: I don't have anybody to write to.
41) 16) text: Abby laughs.    The Postman is charmed.
41) 17) dialog: You're funny. Hardly anyone's funny around here.
41) 20) dialog: Have you decided yet?
41) 22) text: A beat. Abby lets her shift drop to the floor, then slides under the sheets alongside him.
41) 29) dialog: I don't want to.
41) 31) dialog: It would be easier for me if you closed your eyes.
41) 32) text: The Postman closes his eyes. Abby slides her hand away from his mouth. And as they start to make love...
42) 0) text: The Postman wakes, reaches for the warm body that was there last night. But Abby is gone. All that's left behind is her red ribbon. Wistful, he picks it up.
43) 3) text: The Postman scans the crowd.      Looking for Abby maybe?
45) 7) text: The HORSE SNORTS. Smiling, The Postman shoves the envelope into his bag. As he does, he finds something else. The red ribbon. He runs it through his fingers, thinks wistfully of Abby. Then, like a knight of old representing a lady's honor, he ties it to his mailbag an rides on.
46) 0) text: Abby's washing clothes with a tub and washboard. Waging war on dirt. Michael leans against a tree, watches Abby at work until she notices him. She wipes the sweat from her brow, tries not to smile.
46) 1) dialog: What are you looking at?
50) 0) text: Bethlehem relaxes with his officers as wagons are loaded. Michael is just passing with a sack of grain on his shoulder, when Bethlehem looks across the street -- spies Abby and some of the other women sewing grain sacks shut.
50) 6) text: One of the men hurries off. It's concern for Abby, not for his manhood that makes him step forward.
50) 13) dialog: Another woman has pointed out to her what's going on. She can't hear what's being said, but she watches, concerned.
50) 21) text: Michael looks to Abby as she starts across the street.
50) 24) dialog: Michael!
50) 25) text: Abby rushes forward, but she's blocked by Getty and another man. She cries out again and again. Filled with impotent fury, Briscoe squeezes out the words
50) 30) text: Briscoe stares down at Michael's crumpled form.      Abby wails.
51) 0) text: The Holnist army rides out. Overcome by grief, tied at the wrists, Abby stumbles behind one of the wagons.
54) 0) text: A long double-line of Holnist Cavalry stand in formation in front of the city walls made from stacks of crushed cars. On top, a SKINNY SENTRY CRANKS the SIREN while a CHUBBY SENTRY watches. Bethlehem rides through them with Abby in tow -- her wrists tied by a rope which is looped around the pommel o Bethlehem's saddle. Her face is bruised, her bottom lip split. Bethlehem reins up, puzzled by the apparent stall.
60) 7) dialog: watches from the flap of Bethlehem's tent.    The guard s and shoves her back inside.
61) 0) text: Abby tracks the guard's silhouette through the canvas. Her eyes search the tent -- land on the cot in the corner and focus on its heavy, wooden legs.
63) 0) text: Abby brings the heavy wooden cot leg down on the unsuspecting guard's head.
64) 4) text: In accordance with law eight and by the authority of Emergency Order 46, you are hereby -- A CRACK of RIFLE FIRE. The Captain's forehead explodes and he falls to the ground. Shocked, Bethlehem whirls for the source of the GUNFIRE. Abby!   FIRING from a position behind a supply wagon. But even as Bethlehem turns, an ARROW SINGS in and lodges in his arm. Fired from a pocket of sentries up on the palisade. Bethlehem bellows in outrage and pain. The Postman takes advantage of the moment of chaos to gra the fallen Captain's gun. He pulls a Holnist rider from his horse and swings into the saddle. The unhorsed rider goes for his gun. But once more SHOTS RING OUT and he goes down. Bethlehem ducks as another BULLET ZINGS close.    Too clo
65) 0) text: Abby is concerned as the horse slows to a trot.
65) 1) dialog: We can't stop now. They'll be coming after us.
65) 2) text: The Postman's head lolls forward. She feels something on her hand, pulls it back smeared with blood. The Postman's shot in the belly. The horse is failing.       Near death. We hear the sound of PURSUING CAVALRY. Abby urges the horse off the road. When the thicket grows too dense, Abby jumps down. She catches The Postman as he slides off, easing him to the ground.
65) 4) text: Abby shushes him. She pulls on the horse's bridle to force him farther along. But it's no good, the wounded horse goes down on its knees. And five RIDERS THUNDER past.       Fooled.   All but the who pulls up to listen. In the deep b.g., flames lick at the billowing black smoke. The town is burning. The HORSE WHINNIES: in its death throes.        Abby pani tries to quiet the horse.
65) 9) dialog: Don't move.
65) 10) text: He hesitates at first. Then dismounts and moves toward her. Abby cocks the rifle.
65) 13) dialog: You're right.
65) 14) text: Abby dashes out, rifle in hand. She swings for the bleachers. The butt catches the side of the Sixth Soldier's head. He falls hard. The Postman's eyes flutter. Dazed, he watches as Abby pilfers through the Soldier's gear. She takes everything of value: a knife, bullets, a canteen. His eyes flutter closed.
66) 0) text: Snowflakes swirl. Abby lays a sapling travois beside The Postman. He groans as she rolls him onto it, tucks a blanket around him. Using all the strength God gave her, Abby lifts one end, gets it high enough to hitch it to th Sixth Soldier's horse. As Abby leads the horse away...
68) 0) text: Riding into a blizzard, Abby leads the way up a zigzag path. A valley opens up below. The unconscious Postman lies bundled on the travois.
70) 0) text: One room. Dirt floor. The WINDOWS RATTLE in the WIND. Snow falls through a hole in the roof. The wooden DOOR BURSTS back and Abby enters. Half-frozen, she leads the horse and the travois right inside.
71) 0) text: A fire has been lit. The Postman lies unconscious, his shirt open as Abby washes around his wound. She pulls the shirt back to clean his chest. The material falls away and Abby stops short. There -- high on his biceps -- a branded "8." She stares in disbelief.
72) 0) text: The Postman lies on a cot below the window.    He's conscious, but pale as a ghost. Abby brings him a bowl of soup. Very thin soup.       Sti it with a spoon, The Postman smiles at Abby.
72) 9) dialog: They killed Michael.
72) 12) dialog: How sorry are you?
72) 16) dialog: You got the mark of eight on you.
72) 19) dialog: You're a liar.     I should've let you die.
72) 26) text: Abby considers this, The Postman's gaze flickers down to the spoon he still holds in his hand. Taking one last stab at a joke.
72) 28) text: Abby doesn't laugh.      But she does relent.   She steps
74) 0) text: WIND HOWLING in the b.g. The Postman lies back on his cot. The little shack has been scoured clean. Abby stares listlessly at the fire. The silence is torture. The Postman tries to strike up a conversation.
74) 2) text: Abby gets up and throws a log on the fire.
74) 3) dialog: Anything else?
74) 5) dialog: Your legs are going to rot off if you don't try to walk.
74) 10) dialog: You're lazy.
74) 14) text: Abby doesn't answer. She picks up the rifle and starts to lead the horse outside.
74) 16) text: Abby is out the door without a word.
75) 0) text: HOLD ON The Postman in the window as she continues past. He watches a moment, suddenly grimaces. A GUNSHOT. The THUD of a BODY SLAMMING to the GROUND. Abby has shot the horse.
76) 0) text: Tiny tracks in the snow, leading away from the shack. Abby struggles to make the monumental climb from the shac to the top of the rise where she can get a clear view of the pass. PAN PAST her UP TO the top of the rise. It's a clear day -- but the pass is still snowed-in. No sign of winter receding.
77) 0) text: Abby ladles a meager portion of horse meat stew into a bowl.
77) 4) dialog: This is the last of it.
77) 7) text: Abby starts putting on layer after layer of clothing.
77) 8) dialog: I'm going to check the pass.
79) 0) text: Disoriented, Abby stops to take stock of her surround- ings. But she can't make anything out -- the snowfall is too thick.
80) 0) text: The fire is dying. The food untouched. The Postman sits in bed staring anxiously out the window. The snow has turned into a blizzard. He runs Abby's red ribbon through his hands.
81) 0) text: Abby trudges along heavily. She stumbles as the ice covering the stream breaks beneath her feet.
81) 1) dialog: Help!
84) 0) text: Abby looks up, sees him coming. The Postman collapses across from her. Both prone, they're also nearly nose-to- nose.
85) 0) text: Abby sits huddled in blankets. The fire is blazing. The Postman steps over, sets the once-again-hot bowl of stew before her. She considers the food a moment.
85) 1) dialog: I told you that's all there was.
85) 3) dialog: I knew you could walk.
86) 0) text: The Postman lies in bed, stares through the hole in the roof. A full moon is on the rise. Abby lies in her own makeshift bed, also awake. After a long silence:
86) 2) dialog: So?    What good is that now?
86) 4) text: Your face looks pretty. Abby looks up.
86) 6) dialog: Look, there's something you'd better know. You're going to find out soon enough. I'm pregnant. (a long beat)
86) 9) dialog: He tried with me almost every night. He couldn't do it. So he beat me. Said it was my fault.
87) 0) text: Abby stands atop the low rise -- looking out to the pass. Spring has come to the mountains. At long last the snow is starting to recede.
88) 8) dialog: The pass is clear. It's time to go.
89) 2) text: He's nonplused to find Abby standing beside a pile of their neatly-packed gear.
89) 4) dialog: Of course.
89) 9) dialog: I set the fire.
89) 11) dialog: You didn't think we'd stay here forever, did you? (The Postman has no response) I'd appreciate if you'd walk with me long enough to find someplace safe for the baby. Then we can split up. (a beat) You shaved.
89) 14) dialog: It looks nice.
90) 0) text: Carrying their gear, Abby and The Postman walk across a meadow of wild flowers, headed for an old road.
90) 2) dialog: I've heard people talk. I've heard lots of names. Bliss. Hesperia. New Eden. Sheriff Briscoe says it's a fantasy.
90) 7) dialog: But you're The Postman.
90) 14) text: The Postman is taken aback. The Rider, a girl, pulls off her cap, mops it across her brow. Maybe 14, we'll always know her by her Ponytail. Abby registers the uniform first.
90) 15) dialog: What are you?
90) 17) text: Lowering the rifle, The Postman looks over at Abby, back to Ponytail.
90) 23) dialog: No, tell us.
91) 23) text: Abby and The Postman exchange a look.
93) 5) text: Their hands go down in one crisp military move. The Postman looks at Abby, to Ford as he exits the tent. kid is craving reassurance.
93) 12) text: The cheering is tumultuous. The Postman picks Abby out of the cheering crowd -- the look on her face says it all.
94) 2) text: Ford leads The Postman and Abby into another Winnebago. Chubby and Red and Ponytail follow. Those that can't fit just peer in through the windows.
97) 0) text: Carriers move items out of the trailer. The camp is buzzing as usual. The Postman looks on -- sees Abby passing by.
97) 2) dialog: Yes?
97) 5) dialog: I'm on the other side of town.
108) 0) text: Pine View is throwing a party. It's in full swing. A couple of guitars. A banjo and a trombone. Everyone dances. The Postman walks with Briscoe, sees Mrs. March as her letter is read to her. Catches a glimpse of Abby dancing with Ford. He seems, for the first time, truly happy. For that matter, so does Briscoe.
109) 11) text: Abby snaps out of the dream she's in. This isn't right. Breaking away, she heads off. As he watches her go:
114) 0) text: PAN UP FROM The Postman's dusty boots TO his grimly determined face as he strides through camp and stops at Old George's trailer. He moves OUT OF FRAME, revealing -- Abby and Ponytail in the b.g.
122) 10) dialog: Ford's idea.
122) 21) dialog: (ignores it) You're exhausted. You need rest. There's food in the trailer --
122) 36) dialog: You can't keep doing this.
122) 38) dialog: Riding all the routes.   You're not saving anyone.
122) 39) text: The Postman climbs on Ponytail's horse, looks at Abby.
124) 0) text: Abby tends to the Bloodied Carrier.   He tries to salute The Postman enters the trailer.
136) 0) text: The Postman folds a letter, shoves it into an envelope. He writes "Bethlehem" across the front, starts to write a second letter. The door opens and Abby enters.
136) 1) dialog: Ford thinks you're going to do something.
136) 4) dialog: Ford doesn't know what it means to be a kid. He doesn't have your memories. None of them do. All they've got is the lousy world we gave them. And this is the only decent thing in it.
136) 7) dialog: I knew it was something like that. The Postman fingers the brim of the cap, softens.
136) 12) dialog: I remember...
136) 14) text: Abby doesn't answer.    She leaves instead.
137) 0) text: Twelve mail carriers, including Ford, Ponytail, Chubby, Luke and Old George, wait as The Postman steps up before them. Abby's off to the side.
137) 13) text: A hushed silence. The Postman walks away. The carriers exchange tired, defeated looks. Abby just sighs, knows he's not necessarily wrong. Ford catches up with The Postman.    He stares at The Postman; The Postman stares back.
138) 0) text: The Postman is packing bags onto a horse as Abby approaches.
138) 2) text: Abby walks away. The Postman rests his head on his pack for a moment. Heavy.
138) 19) dialog: Yes.
139) 0) text: Some carriers drop their uniforms into a bonfire. The Postman and Abby ride up on the ridge above the RV camp. They pause to look back one last time. Across the way, on the other side, Ford is doing the same thing. As though he senses it, Ford stops and looks back. Ford raises his hand, salutes. Slowly, The Postman brings up his own hand. But he doesn't salute. He waves. Good- bye. As Ford turns away, so does The Postman.
140) 0) text: A sign prohibits pedestrians, horses and bicycles. The Postman and Abby ride by. The Postman no longer wears his uniform. Their gear is packed behind their saddles. As a family of transients begin to rise from where they'r camped in the breakdown lane:
140) 2) text: The Postman rides on. Abby watches over her shoulder as they slowly begin to sit back down.
142) 0) text: A pair of boots are walking through the water. It's The Postman. He turns over a body in the water. It wears a homemade postal uniform, a bag of mail twisted around his arm. It's a young face, one we haven't seen before. He looks up to Abby on a ridge.
142) 2) dialog: (shakes her head) Where do you think he came from?
143) 0) text: The family of transients are grilled by three Holnist scouts. One man points the way Abby and Bethlehem rode.
144) 0) text: Littered with rubble. The wood, brick, steel and concrete of what was once a small town. Amazingly, one gray house still stands, miraculously untouched by whatever disaster visited this place. A wild-haired SQUATTER steps out on the porch as Abby and The Postman ride by. He waves hello with a .45.
147) 0) text: The useless towers cutting across a valley.      Rain bea down, as The Postman and Abby trudge along. Up ahead, a rail-road tunnel promises shelter from the storm.
147) 2) text: Abby is quick to agree. Out of the corner of his eye, The Postman catches a blur of movement. He turns his head quickly, but he's barely in time to see a wooden basket, attached to one of the high wires, swing from a distant tower. There's a sentry inside it. The basketed sentry whistles away at 40 mph, heading straight for an adjacent tower. In a matter of seconds, he's lost from view. The Postman looks back at Abby.       She's shivering.
147) 4) dialog: (shaking her head) I'm hungry, Postman.
148) 0) text: Abby sleeps beside the fire. The Postman, silhouetted against the flames, heads toward the far tunnel exit.
149) 0) text: The Postman peers into the rain, taking in the view of a distant bridge. Abby comes to stand at his side.
150) 0) text: A town settled between spans of a steel truss bridge. The Columbia River rushes far below. A sentry spots Abby and The Postman approaching, blows a whistle.
151) 0) text: Fog rolls in.    Abby rests. Ponytail, Chubby and Drew look up gratefully as one of th citizens of Bridge City doles out bread. The Mayor steps over, hands The Postman two loaves.
151) 3) text: The exchange cuts Abby like a knife. She gets up and leaves. The Mayor keeps his council -- not sure what to make of this arrangement.
151) 13) text: It's the discovery of a lifetime. The Postman looks to the west end of the bridge, where Abby stands alone.
152) 12) dialog: (stepping forward) You never heard of a postman?
152) 13) text: He shakes his head "no." Seems a shame. As The Postman looks over at Abby, she takes a page from his book.
152) 14) dialog: There used to be a postman for every street in America. They wore uniforms. And hats. Like this one...
152) 20) dialog: My postman knew the name of every kid on my street. He knew our birthdays. He'd even find the baseballs you'd hit down the street. I can still see the smile on his face. The tip of his cap -- when he had a letter in his bag with my name on it. Mine always came just after school. You could set your watch by him. Unless you were waiting on something special -- like a present from somewhere far away or a letter from your sweetheart. Then it seemed like he'd never come. I used to think they could make time stand still.
152) 22) dialog: I don't think we ever really understood what they meant to us until they were gone. Getting a letter made you feel like you were part of something bigger than yourself. No place was ever too far away for the postman. So nobody ever had to be alone. The postman was someone you could count on. Things just made more sense when they were around. (beat) That's the kind of world we used to have. A world a lot of us took for granted. And now we've got this one. And it makes me wonder -- what kind of world do I want my child to live in? I want my child to live in a world where hopes and dreams aren't just lies you tell yourself to get through another day. I want my child, and I want my friends -- I want all of us to live in a world where you still get your mail.
155) 1) dialog: This is hard for me. (beat) Michael was the best man I ever knew. I never thought there'd be another man I could love the way I loved him. (searching for the words) I don't know why I've been so blessed. And I've tried to find a way to be thankful, but I swear, if I lose you...
155) 4) dialog: I don't know, but I believe in you. You have a gift, Postman.     I saw it back in Pine View.
155) 9) dialog: You made Mrs. March feel like she could see again. You made Ford feel like he was part of the world. You give out hope like it was candy in your pocket.
155) 11) dialog: When you come back, we'll be waiting here for you. So you can take us to St. Rose.
165) 82) dialog: Your daddy wrote to tell you that he'll be here as soon as he can. And that he loves you very much.
165) 83) text: Abby looks up to see The Postman standing at her door. She looks at him, smiling with tears in her eyes.
165) 88) text: Abby smiles down at the child in her arms.
165) 89) dialog: Your daughter.     Her name is Hope.