91) 0) text: Oregon's main post office. A silver Airstream, fifty mobile homes and rusty Winnebagos resting on flat tires. Flying from a pole: the flag of the restored United States. A young recruit is ringing a bell on the top of a Winnebago. Ford walks along an RV boulevard. He's joined by two young carriers, RED and Chubby (the sentry from Benning). All wear hip, personalized variations of the official uniform.
91) 11) text: Buzzing with excitement, the carriers gather around Ford.
91) 14) dialog: Postman sent Ford another letter. He's gonna read it.
91) 33) text: The Postman takes Ford by the elbow. They disappear into the tent. The carriers just staring after them, awestruck.
93) 0) text: As The Postman exits, Chubby leads the carriers in a salute. The Postman actually turns a moment to see if someone else is standing behind him. He looks back, sees the young, shining faces.
93) 8) text: Ford smiles, gestures to the carriers.
93) 10) text: The Postman looks over at the carriers.    They quiet und his gaze, immediately respectful. The problem is, he has no idea what to say.       Finally
94) 0) text: The guts of the operation. Several carriers are busy sorting and bagging letters. It goes out pinned to a clothesline which crisscrosses back and forth. Everyone follows as Ford takes The Postman on a tour. There are hushed whispers among those who are seeing him for the first time.
97) 0) text: Carriers move items out of the trailer. The camp is buzzing as usual. The Postman looks on -- sees Abby passing by.
99) 7) text: Bethlehem looks away from his painting to see Gibbs and Getty flanking a scared, blue-clad mail carrier. For an instant, mistakes him for:
99) 12) dialog: Carrier Twelve. United States, um, Postal Service.
99) 13) text: Getty sets some of the Carrier's anti-Holnist propaganda onto Bethlehem's field table. Bethlehem picks it up. It's hard to say what he's thinking.      Finally:
99) 16) text: Bethlehem looks back to Carrier Twelve.
100) 0) text: Ten letter carriers are on horseback. Among them, Red and Ponytail. Ford and The Postman are also on horses. Each rider salutes The Postman, then gets a sheaf of anti- Holnist propaganda from Ford.
109) 0) text: A mail carrier, Red, rides like the devil himself was in pursuit. Almost. It's Getty and three Holnists.
110) 7) text: Getty hands Bethlehem a sheet of paper -- something Gibbs missed. It's a propaganda sheet featuring a caricature of The Postman leading a few carriers against Bethlehem and his army -- represented as Hitler and the Nazis. The caption underneath reads: "Ride Against the Holnist Tide!"
112) 0) text: Five dead mail carriers have been laid out on the asphalt Bethlehem walks the line, looking for his elusive arch- enemy.
113) 0) text: A beautiful day. Ponytail rounds a bend at a lope -- and then -- her eyes widen in terror. She jerks the reins; the horse rears in protest. Ahead: the truck stop. The five mail carriers hang upside down from the roof's overhang. A macabre sight.
124) 0) text: Abby tends to the Bloodied Carrier.   He tries to salute The Postman enters the trailer.
124) 4) dialog: Bethlehem says...
124) 5) text: The Postman motions it's okay as the Carrier struggles.
124) 6) dialog: ... he's... headed north. He's gonna kill ten people in every town. Then burn it to the ground. For what you did...
124) 8) dialog: He said to tell you Pine View's on his way. He said he'd wait there, but not for long. (breaking down) I was so scared, sir... I thought they were going to kill me, too... I wish they would have...
137) 0) text: Twelve mail carriers, including Ford, Ponytail, Chubby, Luke and Old George, wait as The Postman steps up before them. Abby's off to the side.
137) 4) text: An excited murmur among the carriers. Only Ford eyes The Postman suspiciously. The Postman reads:
137) 13) text: A hushed silence. The Postman walks away. The carriers exchange tired, defeated looks. Abby just sighs, knows he's not necessarily wrong. Ford catches up with The Postman.    He stares at The Postman; The Postman stares back.
139) 0) text: Some carriers drop their uniforms into a bonfire. The Postman and Abby ride up on the ridge above the RV camp. They pause to look back one last time. Across the way, on the other side, Ford is doing the same thing. As though he senses it, Ford stops and looks back. Ford raises his hand, salutes. Slowly, The Postman brings up his own hand. But he doesn't salute. He waves. Good- bye. As Ford turns away, so does The Postman.
141) 28) text: A frightened CARRIER is brought up. He wears a purple uniform with CALI sewn on the shoulder. Neither we nor Ford have seen him before. As a firing squad assembles, Ford is shoved over with him.
141) 30) dialog: Name's Clark. Postal Carrier of the restored Republic of California. Who are you?
141) 33) dialog: It's an honor.
152) 11) text: A silent moment. It's been so long, no one's sure how to answer. The Postman looks down at the ground. The carriers exchange deflated looks. Then...
153) 7) text: The carriers look away -- sheepish.
154) 0) text: At the edge of the Gorge. The three carriers, and the mounted locals thunder off the bridge and down the road. High above...
158) 0) text: Captured by a Holnist cavalry patrol, Old George and four other carriers are lined up, hands bound before them. Holnist soldiers force them to their knees as Gibbs organizes an impromptu firing squad.
158) 8) text: We see the faces of the young carriers. Defeated, bitter. But there's a sudden spark in Old George's eyes. He starts to rise. The soldiers pick up their guns and that's when they see The Postman.
160) 0) text: The army has gathered.    Three hundred strong. Bethlehem and Getty stand outside the command tent, listening to a winded, frightened Gibbs. We FOLLOW Bethlehem's eyes OVER Gibbs' SHOULDERS TO the horizon, where he sees: The Postman and his army of two hundred carriers cresting a distant rise.
161) 0) text: A sea of wildflowers separates the carriers from the Holnists. The monster John Deere gun is ready for battle.
162) 0) text: Bethlehem stands with Getty, scanning the postal line wit his binoculars. The carriers look, just spoiling for a fight. Bethlehem lowers his binoculars, smiles grimly.
163) 0) text: The Postman, Chubby, Ponytail and Old George and all the carriers have taken positions. The Postman sights through a telescope. He scans further down the line -- then stops when he sees Ford. Bloody, beaten within inches of his life. He's shackled -- surrounded by Holnist guards. The Postman's eyes turn to stone.
165) 41) text: Bethlehem reels, stumbling back. The Postman pounces on top of him, begins to strangle him. Bethlehem tries to pry the fingers from his throat, but can't. He's going to die. The Postman is urged on. By both sides. Holnists. Carriers. Ford. Even Holnist Luke. He looks up at the faces -- and finally lets Bethlehem go. The General gasps for breath. As Ponytail and Chubby move forward to untie Ford, The Postman looks to both sides.
165) 53) text: The Postman looks at carriers and Holnists alike.