10) 47) text: Head down, The Postman makes for "the back way." But it's guarded by three daunting Holnist soldiers. No getting by them. The Postman does a quick 180, goes back the way he came. Bethlehem looks at the frightened townsfolk.
10) 51) text: The Holnist soldiers fan out, prodding any likely or unwilling candidates forward. The Postman is now walking behind Bethlehem. Some of the Townspeople cast him a furtive glance as he makes his way toward the open courtyard and, ultimately, the gate out o town. Three conscripts are hustled before Bethlehem. He looks over the first -- Woody. Smells him. Not much of a decision here.
22) 0) text: Thorns catch and tear at his clothes as The Postman pushe his way through. He freezes. Ahead, sprawled and twisted, the mauled, bloody corpse of a Holnist soldier.
50) 28) text: Three Holnist soldiers draw down on Briscoe.      Bethleh circles, menacing on his horse.
116) 0) text: Quiet. An old flag ruffles outside the post office -- the only new structure in town. Old George sweeps the porch as a patrol of ten Holnist soldiers ride into town. George makes no move to flee as they near. As they rein up across from him he just smiles and continues sweeping. Sensing it, the Holnist officer looks up. There, on the roof, stands The Postman. Ford and Briscoe flank him -- along with twenty mailmen and locals, armed with guns, bows and rocks. As the soldiers raise their rifles, the roofies OPEN FIRE George whips up a sawed-off SHOTGUN. BOOM! Caught in the storm, the ten soldiers go down. Grim, The Postman looks to Ford as the locals cheer. George resumes sweeping. The mailmen climb down to strip the weapons off the dead.
117) 9) text: Bethlehem yanks away the tarp to reveal the 10 dead Holnist soldiers. The men around Bethlehem exchange looks, can't believe it. Bethlehem bellows in rage.
127) 0) text: Down below -- Holnist soldiers hold back a screaming mother as her 10-year-old boy is pulled into the line. Sheriff Briscoe is among the ten, he puts his hand on the boy's shoulder -- the picture of grace under pressure.
158) 0) text: Captured by a Holnist cavalry patrol, Old George and four other carriers are lined up, hands bound before them. Holnist soldiers force them to their knees as Gibbs organizes an impromptu firing squad.
160) 14) text: A Holnist soldier stands by with Bethlehem's horse.   The General mounts -- the model of military calm and precision. Getty reins up beside him.
165) 60) dialog: Law six. Mercy is, it's okay sometimes!