10) 49) text: The Mayor nods in acquiescence. Bethlehem looks to a Holnist officer. The officer, IDAHO, steps up and addresses the town.
10) 50) dialog: All men between 15 and 50 and of suitable ethnic foundation are required to show themselves now.
10) 53) dialog: Sir?
10) 65) text: Idaho and another soldier are on it. The Postman tries to back away as the two dismount and come toward him.
10) 67) text: But Idaho and the soldier aren't programmed for explanations -- they grab him.
10) 68) dialog: You were required to show yourself.
10) 70) text: Idaho silences him with a rifle butt to the head. Everything falls OUT OF FOCUS
10) 71) dialog: Take the mule.
12) 1) dialog: Let's move it.     Everybody up and at 'em.
12) 14) text: Woody and The Postman scramble to fall-to with the other conscripts. Idaho surveys the ranks.
12) 15) dialog: All right, girls. We're gonna run. Twenty miles. With packs. You got three hours. Everybody makes it. Or nobody eats.
13) 4) dialog: Eat up!    You got meat tonight.
13) 5) text: The line has almost passed. Just The Postman left and Bandit #20 bringing up the rear. Idaho looks at The Postman, addresses the COOK.
13) 6) dialog: Why don't you tell Shakespeare what kind of meat that is.
13) 9) dialog: A godawful animal. The sterile offspring of a horse and a donkey. Can you imagine that?! There's no room in this new world for a bastard like that.
13) 11) dialog: Uh uh. (loudly; for all) Any man last in line ain't hungry enough. You show up last, you don't eat!
14) 17) text: Idaho and another soldier step up beside the Slow Recruit
14) 19) text: They hustle the Recruit to the tree. Idaho unslings a coil of rope, throws it over a tree limb. They quickly slip a loop over the Slow Recruit's ankles and haul him upside down into the air.
14) 32) text: Bethlehem turns and walks away.     Getty following behin The Postman watches as they go.     Idaho steps up to him
14) 33) dialog: You thinking of challenging for leadership of the clan?
14) 35) dialog: You see Colonel Getty? Always following the General? He's the only man who ever challenged. Fight lasted six seconds, but the General didn't kill him. He cut off his tongue and he cut off his balls and old Getty's been following him like a dog ever since.
14) 36) text: The Postman looks back to see Bethlehem and Getty disappear into the gloom. Idaho grins, likes how this affects a new man. The Postman moves on.     Idaho stops Woody as he passes.
14) 37) dialog: The General don't see it, but I say you got some nigger in you.
15) 4) dialog: The General would like a word with you, Shakespeare.
16) 0) text: Bethlehem stands before a painter's easel, palette in hand. He's got a mirror set up so he can see his reflection. He's doing a self-portrait in the tradition of the great Dutch Masters -- but it's a dismal failure. He continues painting even as Idaho leads The Postman in. Idaho salutes, steps back. For a moment, The Postman doesn't quite know what to do.
16) 11) text: The Postman leaves.     Idaho stands at the ready.
16) 13) dialog: And the book, sir?
16) 15) text: Idaho leaves. Bethlehem goes back to his painting. He considers himself in the mirror. After a long stare-down, he shouts:
18) 0) text: The conscripts break camp. Hot work. Glistening with sweat, The Postman stops to stretch. Across the way, he sees Bandit #20 talking to Getty. Getty glances at The Postman who returns to work, watches under his eyebrows a Idaho joins the group. There's trouble brewing here. Worried, The Postman looks to Woody, who watches the exchange as well. He is, as usual, inscrutable.
19) 0) text: The river is swollen and swift from the spring thaw. Marching along the east ridge above it, the army is given the order to halt. The Postman looks ahead to where Idaho confers with Bethlehem. Something's wrong. They look to where: Two carbine-toting soldiers stand alertly at guard by a thicket across the river. A rotten wood and rope bridge spans the space between the ridges. Idaho rides to the conscripts:
19) 1) dialog: One of you dogs has earned himself a treat. Over there. Idaho points to the thicket as he proceeds down the line.
19) 2) dialog: Those men hunted themselves a lion this morning. Must've been a zoo around here before the war. Anyhow, they shot him and he crawled into that thicket. A third man went in after him. We don't know if he's dead or alive. I need a volunteer. Someone's gotta go in and get our boy out. No volunteers, except the zealot Bandit #20.
19) 4) dialog: I guess size ain't a measure of courage, is it? Shakespeare! The fix is in.    The Postman steps out of line.
19) 12) dialog: (winks) Maybe you'll find your St. Rose up there.
19) 14) dialog: What are you waiting for, Christmas?
19) 15) text: Bandit #20 can't contain his giggling, so Idaho backhands the sound out of him -- then looks back to The Postman. Grim The Postman starts forward, looks from the rotten bridge to the water and back again as he moves. All eyes on him as he starts across...
22) 8) dialog: (across river)
22) 14) text: Woody dives in the water. Bethlehem looks to Idaho who dives in as well. Conscripts buzz with nervous excitement.
24) 12) text: At that moment, Idaho and the second soldier come into th clearing. Idaho grins, relaxes his grip on his gun when he sees the mismatch between Woody and The Postman.
24) 13) dialog: Good, boy.   Get him.
24) 16) dialog: Finish it.
24) 17) text: Woody circles The Postman, until he's facing Idaho and th soldier. Woody takes a long look at The Postman, smiles.
24) 23) dialog: Tracking. He sees a dribble of fresh blood.   He touches it with his fingers and smiles. He cocks his head at MOVEMENT to his left. Smiling, hefting his pistol, Idaho moves in. More SHUFFLING.   Jus ahead. He's got him now.
24) 24) dialog: You want your St. Rose?
24) 25) text: There's a RUSTLE of BRUSH just before a ROAR splits the air. Idaho doesn't even have time to scream as the LION pounces down on top of him.