96) 0) text: The seven young Recruits seen earlier stand in a line. They're joined by OLD GEORGE, every day of 75 years old. Ponytail holds up her hand, swears them in.
96) 3) dialog: Seventy-five, sir. The Postman looks over at Ford, who shrugs.
96) 7) dialog: I know stuff. The Postman looks at Ford again.   Then:
96) 12) dialog: 1970. A girl with eyes as big as saucers did me in a little town called Saigon.
111) 0) text: Old George sits hunched over a home-made shortwave radio with a joint in his mouth. The Postman sits beside him, listening as STATIC pours from an old car SPEAKER.
111) 2) dialog: Not a soul in seven years of trying. But I will.
111) 4) dialog: Go ahead. Take a look. (offering joint) Want some?
111) 7) dialog: I was an aerospace engineer. I helped design the Galileo space station. (scanning sky) I dream it's orbiting Earth forever. With a dozen human skeletons all grinning at each other. Laughing at us down here.
114) 0) text: PAN UP FROM The Postman's dusty boots TO his grimly determined face as he strides through camp and stops at Old George's trailer. He moves OUT OF FRAME, revealing -- Abby and Ponytail in the b.g.
115) 0) text: As usual, Old George is hunkered down before his short wave. He looks as the door opens and The Postman enters.
116) 0) text: Quiet. An old flag ruffles outside the post office -- the only new structure in town. Old George sweeps the porch as a patrol of ten Holnist soldiers ride into town. George makes no move to flee as they near. As they rein up across from him he just smiles and continues sweeping. Sensing it, the Holnist officer looks up. There, on the roof, stands The Postman. Ford and Briscoe flank him -- along with twenty mailmen and locals, armed with guns, bows and rocks. As the soldiers raise their rifles, the roofies OPEN FIRE George whips up a sawed-off SHOTGUN. BOOM! Caught in the storm, the ten soldiers go down. Grim, The Postman looks to Ford as the locals cheer. George resumes sweeping. The mailmen climb down to strip the weapons off the dead.
137) 0) text: Twelve mail carriers, including Ford, Ponytail, Chubby, Luke and Old George, wait as The Postman steps up before them. Abby's off to the side.
158) 0) text: Captured by a Holnist cavalry patrol, Old George and four other carriers are lined up, hands bound before them. Holnist soldiers force them to their knees as Gibbs organizes an impromptu firing squad.
158) 4) dialog: Steady, boys, steady.
158) 7) dialog: Get on with it, you floppy-eared sonuvabitch!
158) 8) text: We see the faces of the young carriers. Defeated, bitter. But there's a sudden spark in Old George's eyes. He starts to rise. The soldiers pick up their guns and that's when they see The Postman.
163) 0) text: The Postman, Chubby, Ponytail and Old George and all the carriers have taken positions. The Postman sights through a telescope. He scans further down the line -- then stops when he sees Ford. Bloody, beaten within inches of his life. He's shackled -- surrounded by Holnist guards. The Postman's eyes turn to stone.