26) 6) text: The back of the Jeep is filled with bags marked U.S. Mail The Postman picks up a hat off the console. Oddly respectful, he runs a finger along the band over the "Horse &amp; Rider" emblem. The Postman reaches, touches the embroidered American fla patch on the skeleton's jacket shoulder. Another shiver. A moment later, The Postman is pulling the nice dry jacke off the skeleton and shoving his own arms inside. A sloshing sound. He pats down the jacket. Finds a liquor. He gives the skeleton a "you shouldn't have" look. But the cap won't budge. He twists, pries, bangs the neck of the steering wheel. At last it gives. He takes a long, hard swallow. The warming fire streams down his throat. The Postman grabs a random letter, reads it aloud.
64) 4) text: In accordance with law eight and by the authority of Emergency Order 46, you are hereby -- A CRACK of RIFLE FIRE. The Captain's forehead explodes and he falls to the ground. Shocked, Bethlehem whirls for the source of the GUNFIRE. Abby!   FIRING from a position behind a supply wagon. But even as Bethlehem turns, an ARROW SINGS in and lodges in his arm. Fired from a pocket of sentries up on the palisade. Bethlehem bellows in outrage and pain. The Postman takes advantage of the moment of chaos to gra the fallen Captain's gun. He pulls a Holnist rider from his horse and swings into the saddle. The unhorsed rider goes for his gun. But once more SHOTS RING OUT and he goes down. Bethlehem ducks as another BULLET ZINGS close.    Too clo
65) 4) text: Abby shushes him. She pulls on the horse's bridle to force him farther along. But it's no good, the wounded horse goes down on its knees. And five RIDERS THUNDER past.       Fooled.   All but the who pulls up to listen. In the deep b.g., flames lick at the billowing black smoke. The town is burning. The HORSE WHINNIES: in its death throes.        Abby pani tries to quiet the horse.
90) 9) text: Before he can come clean -- they see a distant RIDER coming hard. The Postman unslings the rifle, slides a round into the chamber.
90) 11) text: The Rider pulls up short, wearing a blue home-made uniform.
90) 13) dialog: Me neither, mister.
90) 14) text: The Postman is taken aback. The Rider, a girl, pulls off her cap, mops it across her brow. Maybe 14, we'll always know her by her Ponytail. Abby registers the uniform first.
100) 0) text: Ten letter carriers are on horseback. Among them, Red and Ponytail. Ford and The Postman are also on horses. Each rider salutes The Postman, then gets a sheaf of anti- Holnist propaganda from Ford.
104) 0) text: The moon hangs low over an interstate. A rider is silhouetted by the silvery orb, looking like some post- apocalyptic Don Quixote. It's The Postman.
105) 0) text: Seen FROM the porch, a rider gallops hard on the road beyond. A LITTLE BOY comes rushing out, letter in hand. The boy pulls up short; realizes the rider is already too far gone. The boy's shoulders sag; he's crushed.