10) 0) text: A patch of mud. In the center of the square fifty townspeople stand before a plank stage where The Postman wraps up a performance of MacBeth. He plays it with a mis-remembered gusto the people enjoy. Children especially are enamored. A heavily-muscled man, WOODY, lingers on the fringe of the crowd -- watching The Postma with inscrutable intensity.
10) 9) text: The audience erupts in applause. But Woody stands still as stone. The Postman takes a bow. Even Bill does a cross-legged dip. Knowing when to quit, he steps off the stage to many hearty handshakes. Woody watches his every move. MRS. THOMPSON, one of the town's leaders, steps up. She's accompanied by crotchety old CURMUDGEON LARRY.
10) 51) text: The Holnist soldiers fan out, prodding any likely or unwilling candidates forward. The Postman is now walking behind Bethlehem. Some of the Townspeople cast him a furtive glance as he makes his way toward the open courtyard and, ultimately, the gate out o town. Three conscripts are hustled before Bethlehem. He looks over the first -- Woody. Smells him. Not much of a decision here.
11) 0) text: Spread out in the valley is General Bethlehem's Holnist Expeditionary Force. A five hundred-man army enjoying all the comforts a bivouac can offer. 19 head-shaved CONSCRIPTS, including Woody and The Postman, are held in a cramped, barbed wired pen. They watch as three more are shoved inside. One of them is Bandit #20. He and The Postman come face to face, recognize each other.
12) 6) text: Woody shakes his head "no."
12) 8) dialog: Say it again.
12) 10) dialog: The words you said in town. About the wind blowing. And the rest... Say it again.
12) 12) dialog: What's it mean?
12) 14) text: Woody and The Postman scramble to fall-to with the other conscripts. Idaho surveys the ranks.
14) 36) text: The Postman looks back to see Bethlehem and Getty disappear into the gloom. Idaho grins, likes how this affects a new man. The Postman moves on.     Idaho stops Woody as he passes.
14) 38) text: Woody clenches his jaw, but wisely doesn't answer.
17) 5) text: Troubled, The Postman doesn't answer. He heads for a corner where Woody stands alone. Relentless, Bandit #20 follows.
17) 14) text: Bandit #20 looks scared, Woody unreadable.
17) 18) text: The Postman can't believe what Bandit #20 just said. Bandit #20 turns, hurries away. The Postman looks to Woody who doesn't tip his hand eithe way. He moves away as well.
18) 0) text: The conscripts break camp. Hot work. Glistening with sweat, The Postman stops to stretch. Across the way, he sees Bandit #20 talking to Getty. Getty glances at The Postman who returns to work, watches under his eyebrows a Idaho joins the group. There's trouble brewing here. Worried, The Postman looks to Woody, who watches the exchange as well. He is, as usual, inscrutable.
22) 14) text: Woody dives in the water. Bethlehem looks to Idaho who dives in as well. Conscripts buzz with nervous excitement.
24) 9) text: The Postman lunges, digs into Bandit #20's gut.   He blin in surprise, then sags to the ground. The Postman takes a step back. A shadow falls over him. It's Woody. Staring down at The Postman. They can hear others approaching from the river.
24) 10) dialog: They sent me to kill you.
24) 12) text: At that moment, Idaho and the second soldier come into th clearing. Idaho grins, relaxes his grip on his gun when he sees the mismatch between Woody and The Postman.
24) 14) dialog: It's you or me.
24) 17) text: Woody circles The Postman, until he's facing Idaho and th soldier. Woody takes a long look at The Postman, smiles.
24) 18) dialog: No harness on my back.
24) 19) text: As The Postman realizes what he's doing, Woody flips his knife through the air and into the soldier's throat.
122) 14) text: A farmboy-type, Luke looks like a younger version of Woody. The Postman sees this, is lost in reverie. Luke still holds his hand out.