9) 2) dialog: Just focus man.
11) 1) dialog: You have got to be fucking kidding me.
11) 3) dialog: I thought you said the parking lot was going to be vacant!
11) 5) dialog: Are you fucking retarded? Do you want to get caught?
11) 7) dialog: And what if one doesn’t?
95) 0) text: A bearded Spencer wearing nothing but paint-spattered sho and a tatoo of a bird sits on a porch beside a beautiful pregnant Mexican girl. They watch a kid ecstatically chas two others in the dust with a gushing hosepipe. Prelap no of:
131) 0) text: Chas, conventionally good looking and preppy is cycling o exercise bike in the middle of the living room whilst doi weights, looking at himself in the mirror and watching Bloomberg TV on a big plasma screen.
148) 1) dialog: 
150) 1) dialog: Truthfully? I thought they were out of their fucking minds.
150) 4) dialog: Once I realised they were serious, my first thought was that they were on drugs and likely to get themselves in a shit- ton of trouble. I didn’t want any part of it. 74
151) 2) dialog: 12 million, that was the number that kept coming up - you know, 3 million dollars each. It still wasn’t worth it, the risk was too big. Those guys were drifting y'know - they just didn’t have much direction - especially Warren, he seemed lost to me. I already had the lawn-care business, I had bits of real estate, I was doing ok in college, the future was peachy. Why throw all that away on a prank?
151) 4) dialog: He said “you need to come see how easy this is”. INT. WARREN’S DEN - DAY The Heist Wall. Warren stands in front of it reading from piece of paper. Spencer, Eric and Chas are sat in a row o chairs facing him.
151) 6) dialog: (sighs) You’re really making me Mr Pink? Eric and Spencer feign bemusement.
151) 8) dialog: You know exactly what’s wrong with Mr Pink and can I just say how fucking dumb this is because in the movie the whole point of them having those names was because none of them knew what the others were really called so they couldn’t give each other up. 75 The boys stifle giggles having evidently predicted this.
151) 10) dialog: It’s ridiculous. INT. REAL CHAS INTERVIEW SET UP.
151) 11) dialog: At this point I was not in. I had said I was - but in the back of my mind I figured I’d hear what ridiculous plan they’d come up with and take it from there.
153) 6) dialog: (talking to the car in front) Come on grandpa move it.
154) 3) dialog: (on phone) Fourteen minutes eighteen seconds with mostly green lights - it can’t be done faster.
156) 2) dialog: Wait a minute - I have finals that day.
160) 0) text: We are tracking behind Spencer up to the door of the bung - he rings the doorbell for longer than necessary. Eventu Chas comes to the door in a dressing gown. Spencer walks him.
160) 2) dialog: Three guesses. Everything ok? 81 We follow Spencer as he walks down the steps and into the where Eric and Warren are watching Blue Collar in a cloud pot smoke - the scene with Richard Prior getting harried the IRS inspector “Where the hell my gonna get that kind dough man?" - bursts of upsync from the movie cut into th following dialogue. Spencer turns on the light.
162) 3) dialog: Fucking it up was not an option. There was no reason for this to go wrong. No reason. Warren was right - it was easy.
163) 1) dialog: If everyone did precisely what they were supposed to do everything would be fine and in a few days we would have the kind of money that would set us up for life. INT. WARREN’S DEN - NIGHT Warren is not in bed - he is sat in an arm chair smoking, miles away - the TV plays a Carlton Sheets informercial - ‘three golden rules to becoming a real estate millionaire We track in on Warren’s face - blank - as he closes his e we fade to black which becomes red - an entirely blood re frame - then mottled with orange like the sun on closed eyelids - the buzzing of a mobile phone can be heard. 84
163) 5) dialog: What is it?
163) 7) dialog: (into phone) You're fucking kidding me.
163) 9) dialog: What the fuck does unavailable mean? No... No fucking way. She’s selling the caravan like today or tomorrow I can’t just - No, it’s not perfect. Argh. Fuck you Eric. He puts down the phone and pulls on some jeans, grabs a t shirt and a black hold-all and rushes out of the room.
164) 16) dialog: This was not in the plan and yes, it made me very fucking nervous about how the rest of the day was gonna go...
165) 1) dialog: «+. Stealing and swapping license plates? This was already a criminal offence I was committing and we hadn't even gotten started.
166) 0) text: Chas manages to get the licence plate off and jumps back the car and gets the hell out of there.
168) 8) dialog: No mom, it’s me. She appears in the doorway, a piece of toast in her hand. professional lady in a trouser suit.
169) 2) dialog: (still rummaging) Yeah, I need to borrow the van, my car’s overheating.
169) 4) dialog: (over-reacting) Mom! Yes. OK. Got it! - can you just give me the keys?
169) 8) dialog: I don’t mind admitting - I wanted to be the getaway driver cos I wanted to limit my involvement. I figured if we did get caught, the driver does less time.... I probably got that from a movie. 89 INT. WARREN’S CAR - DAY Warren is driving - the stun pen on the seat next to him. removes the moustache. The image shrinks and the screen divides into 4 - the other three windows showing Eric in exam, Chas shaving in the bathroom mirror and Spencer in Art History exam. We zoom into Spencer’s frame:
170) 4) text: INT. CHAS’ HOME - DAY Chas’ mum gives him a peck on the cheek and leaves the ho As soon as she’s out Chas watches for her car to leave th drive before leaving the house, collecting the stolen num plate and power screwdriver from his own car and heading the garage where he begins swapping over the licence plat the dodge minivan as per the opening.
171) 6) dialog: (exhaling a deep breath) Oh fuck. It looks bizarre but transformative. He reaches for a gre moustache and some glue.
177) 0) text: Spencer and Warren are in the back while Chas drives. 93
177) 2) dialog: Just take it easy we’re on time
179) 1) dialog: You have got to be fucking kidding me.
179) 3) dialog: I thought you said the parking lot was going to be vacant!
181) 0) text: We are as one of the group - still one shot - the camera moves around them - we are back where the picture froze p TITLE but this time we push on - we spin round to see the POV - a silent room full of students and librarians who s start to become aware of them. Eric is aware that one of sideburns is peeling off. Spencer goes to take his place lookout on a bench near the door where he pretends to rea newspaper. He can see people staring at him curiously - o is the HOT GIRL from his History of Art Class who makes a puzzled narrowing of the eyes. Spencer’s heart skips a be Warren heads for the stairs - Eric positions himself at t bottom of the stairs facing the front desk, Chas begins t follow Warren up the stairs some distance behind - they m as old men. Warren nears the top of the stairs - as the special collections section comes into view, through the glass doors he can see BJ but she is not alone - there ar three other women sat at a table clearly mid-meeting. War freezes. His POV - BJ sees him frozen on the stairs. A we long beat as they look at one another.
184) 0) text: Warren turns around and starts heading back down the stai At the bottom Spencer sees him and begins to stand up. On way down he passes Chas who is walking up the staircase slowly using the handrail still in character. Behind Warr we can see BJ making her way toward the glass doors.
184) 2) dialog: What?
184) 4) dialog: Why don’t we just wait? We haven’t done anything wrong yet.
184) 6) dialog: Who’s in there - are they men? women?
186) 0) text: Noisy and claustrophobic - The boys are back in the van stripping off their disguises. Chas is driving. Warren is crestfallen, the others deflated, Spencer, relieved.
186) 1) dialog: What the fuck man. This is bullshit - I thought you said you made an appointment.
186) 3) dialog: We need to make another appointment and this time we need to do it right. We haven't come this far for nothing.
190) 0) text: Spencer walks out of the bungalow and walks down the gard path as he turns onto the sidewalk he starts to jog and t run - and then really run. INT. REAL CHAS INTERVIEW SET UP.
190) 1) dialog: Way I saw it we got away with a trial run. No harm, no foul. Now we'd do it right. Spencer runs through a more built up area
193) 0) text: Spencer slows and finally stops running, out of breath he holds his knees. He looks around becoming aware of where is and then he sees something. His POV - in the halflight the road stands a blue heron, a bird that we recognize fr the Audubon book in the library. The two stare at one ano before the bird walks away into the darkness. INT. WARREN’S DEN - NIGHT The boys are attempting to regroup without Spencer. A diagram. Chas is taking control - explaining things in fr of the Heist Wall - walking through the stages of a new p using Spencer’s scale model. Eric and Warren look uncoonvinced. Suddenly, they hear something and stop. Silence. Then Spencer appears, says nothing but takes his place among them. Nothing said, Warren smiles and they continue. 99
195) 0) text: Chas, dressed normally this time, parks the car across fr the library and waits, cellphone in hand.
210) 0) text: Chas’s POV as the boys burst out of the exit and scramble Warren takes off in the opposite direction and Eric stand scanning for the gettaway car.
210) 2) dialog: (seeing them burst out) Oh Shit. Chas reverses the Van out fast and nearly knocks down the screaming Librarian who starts banging on the rear window Chas drives forward and screeches to a halt next to Eric.
211) 4) dialog: Where’s the books?
211) 6) dialog: Oh Jesus!
213) 0) text: Eric is freaking out, Warren is covered in puke and Chas driving like a lunatic. Distant sirens. Eric and Warren g in the back of the van and immediately begin changing int different set of clothes and bagging up their old ones.
213) 3) dialog: Where are the books?
213) 5) dialog: So we got nothing?
215) 0) text: Chas slams on the breaks and they look around. A low-inco neighbourhood on the wrong side of the tracks.
215) 1) dialog: Get out, get out! We shouldn’t be seen in this van together. I need to get it back by 1:30 and it’s covered in goddam puke. I‘1l come back for you in my car - just sit tight OK. Warren and Eric stand by the side of the road watching Ch drive away - Catch the Wind by Donavan starts to play. Th mood is calm, anticlimactic, surreal. The screen splits i multiple frames and we rotate through the following MONTA of shots:
217) 0) text: Warren and Eric are on the wrong side of town - they sit waiting with the backpacks at their feet. They become awa of a group of thugs paying an interest in them from the p of a nearby house so they start walking. Eventually Chas pulls alongside them in his car - they get in.
219) 0) text: Chas pulls up at a recycling dump where he and Warren dispense of the bags, their clothes, the tazers, gloves, 108
220) 0) text: Eric arrives for his afternoon exam sweaty and dishevelle INT. CHAS’ BEDROOM - DAY Chas lies down on his bed and stares at the ceiling - he pulls a GUN from his bedside table and lies with it on hi chest.
222) 8) dialog: Four? How'd they know there was four of us?
222) 12) dialog: With false plates. And guess what? That van'’s probably in Indiana by now. They join arms and start to dance a kind of celebratory j even Spencer who is reticent joins in - the relief - a mo of what feels like joyful friendship that might bond them together for all time. They spin around singing, screamin and laughing as Fugazi’s ‘Waiting Room’ fades in. The pic freezes and the sound echoes over: INT. ERIC’S FORD EXLORER - NIGHT
222) 18) dialog: (half asleep) to munch cock.. They laugh except for Spencer who watches the road. Angle Spencer driving.
224) 9) dialog: I didnt agree with it. I didn’t even want to go with them to New York but I felt like I had to because if they fucked up again, we would all pay the price. 111
225) 1) dialog: Forget it - I’m not going in. I’m telling you this is a bad fucking idea.
225) 3) dialog: No way, this is a whole different ball- game. I’m just saying I’m not going in there to incriminate myself on CCTV.
225) 5) dialog: If you go in there Warren you better have an answer for everything - I’m not kidding. You slip up and we’re all fucked. You stick to the backstory - don’t give any other personal information away, you understand? Anything that doesn’t smell right, grab the books and get the hell out of there. Are you listening?
228) 11) dialog: When you say wait for their call - you mean at the hotel? 114 INT. ERIC’S FORD EXLORER - NEW YORK STREET - DAY The boys have regrouped in the car. Eric in the driver's seat, Chas beside him and Warren and Spencer in the back.
228) 13) dialog: (animated) On which cell?
228) 15) dialog: Are you out of your fucking tiny minds - this isn’t a game! This is serious shit - I am not going to prison because you guys are fucking incompetent. No, this isn’t happening, you have got to be kidding me! Ring your cell phone number! - ring it now! He thrusts his cellphone at Spencer. ACTOR CHAS (CONT’D) Fucking ring it! OK, I'll ring it for you dipshit. He puts the phone on loud speaker - it goes to voicemail. SPENCER’S VOICEMAIL ‘sup this is Spence. Drop it like it's hot.
228) 16) dialog: (shouting) Does that sound like a fucking art dealer to you?
228) 18) dialog: Shut up Eric. Shut the fuck up! (threatening) You need to go in there and get whatever piece of paper that has your phone number on it back right fucking now - because I shit you not, that number is going to put us all in jail you fucking little asshole. 115
228) 20) dialog: (losing it) Don’t tell me to calm down - you are sending us all to jail you fucking idiots! Do you understand what I’m saying or are you too fucking stupid? Chas reaches into the footwell between his legs and start pulling clothes and toiletries violently out of his bag a then suddenly produces a gun and turns round pointing it the back - everyone screams. Freeze picture.
229) 1) dialog: (screaming) This is my life you’re fucking with. This is not a game you incompetent fucks. You need to go back in there and get that number back - I don’t give a fuck what you think you know - you have killed us - you have fucking shot us all in the head. You stupid stupid cunts. CHAS INTERVIEW SET UP.
229) 2) dialog: I lost it. My frustration with them was my frustration at myself for getting involved with people who were ultimately totally incompetent. I felt like my life was slipping away from me and for them it was some kind of game.
229) 4) dialog: Honestly, I didn’t even stop to think it was illegal in New York - cos in Kentucky you can legally carry a gun.
229) 6) dialog: Er, protection I guess. Everyone in Kentucky has a gun. INT. ERIC’S FORD EXLORER - DUSK Silence in the car - Eric drives. Spencer reads from one the stolen books and Warren sleeps. The shine has come of Chas gazes out the window. Rain.
230) 3) dialog: Hey, no hard feelings OK Spence?
233) 0) text: Warren’s Grandparents 60th anniversary party. He wears th same blue suit he wore to Christies - he looks around at the elderly people with liver spots and shaky hands - his grand parents exchange a gummy kiss and everyone cheers. INT. CHAS’ HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - DAY Chas on his exercise bike, lifting weights whilst watchin the final scene from the Asphalt Jungle - in which the fatally wounded hero returns home to breathe his last bre in a sun-drenched meadow near where he was born - Kentuck INT. WARREN’S DEN - NIGHT Slow push in on a pile of books wrapped in a sleeping bag underneath Warren's bed.
241) 0) text: Eric is putting a piece of scotch tape across the door ja like Redford in The Sting. INT. REAL CHAS INTERVIEW SET UP.
241) 1) dialog: To me it was when and not if. I wasn’t planning to stick around for the shit to hit the fan so I made plans to take a semester off and tried to figure out how I could leave town for a while. 120 INT. CHAS’ BEDROOM - NIGHT Chas is sat at his desk with a gun in his lap - turning t desk lamp on and then off - he sits in darkness looking o at the street. A car slows down as it passes the house, h crouches down.
250) 0) text: Warren begins to run. He turns to throw the ready meal at pursuing security guard who bats it away and tackles him as he gets outside the automatic doors of the store. Warr pinned to the snowy ground looks into camera. INT. CHAS’ BEDROOM - NIGHT Eric bursts in on Chas who startles and reaches for the g that he has on the desk, fumbles it and sends it flying across the desk and out of the open window.
250) 2) dialog: Fuck. Fuck. Where are we going to go?
250) 4) dialog: You serious? I was thinking more along the lines of a motel.
250) 6) dialog: Go pack your shit then. 123
250) 8) dialog: What?
251) 4) dialog: What do you mean? What did they arrest you for Warren? CHAS INTERVIEW SET UP.
251) 5) dialog: Something wasn’t right. Besides Warren being a fucking idiot. You don’t bust someone for shoplifting then just let them walk free - that didn’t sit right. Same with Spencer, he totals his car and they just let him walk home? It didn’t add up. INT. WARREN’S DEN - NIGHT Warren sits in bed reading The Rum Diary by the light of lava-lamp. We hear what he’s reading in V.O.
254) 0) text: The splintering of wood as the front door bursts open followed by torchlight and shouting raking the interior o the house as the FBI flood through doors and windows. The action slows to slo-mo and slower still - sync-sound drops away as Offenbach’s Barcarolle (or the like) swells we see the boys awaken rudely to the reality of what’s happening around them. Eric attempts to climb out his win onto the roof where he is met with spotlights and threats lie down with his hands on his head, Chas reaches for his and finds himself at the top of the stairs facing a screa FBI agent pointing a shotgun at him. Another housemate an his girlfriend awake naked, terrified and bewildered. At Transy campus Spencer's dorm is raided - he sits up in be with a look of mild relief on his face. Warren awakes in basement where beams of white torch light pierce the floorboards. He sits up in bed and listens to the mayhem above - then lies back down. We are high and wide pushing on Warren as he stares calmly up at us until he is finall found - lit up by torchlight and then dragged roughly fro frame. BLACK. We see REAL NEWS ARCHIVE from the arrest.