9) 1) dialog: Unlock the fucking door He gets in the back ACTOR ERIC (CONT’D) How are you bitches feeling this fine morning? I shit you not I have been to the bathroom at least eight times.
9) 3) dialog: Just trying to lighten the mood motherfuckas. They sit in tense silence. The camera picking out each of them.
9) 4) dialog: "Good grades - good homes, decent average boys, from decent average families" - that's what they said and they were right. Part way through we cut to:
10) 1) dialog: Who knows, maybe that was a factor.
11) 9) dialog: (noticing Warren’s face for the first time) Dude, you look fucking ridiculous - they’re gonna be terrified before you even get through the door!
11) 16) dialog: Yes I’ve got the thing.
13) 0) text: An image of part of the Earth turning slowly in Space. We in orbit - nothing but the sound of space and the faint crackle of a distant radio as it picks up bits of signal different languages - finally alighting on an American vo broadcasting from far away on earth.
14) 2) dialog: Wait, hold it there. The camera stops moving
14) 4) dialog: There... That’s me in 2003. Actually, that’s an actor playing me. He’s probably better looking...
15) 1) dialog: ...See what I mean? This me, my name is Eric Alexander Borsuk. These are my words and this is MY story.
16) 2) dialog: (overlapping) I wanted to believe what they said. That the future held adventure, opportunity, fulfilment... Over Eric's V.O. we see a montage of time cuts - students up to receive their graduation scrolls on the podium - a montage of wonderfully cringey performances from various graduates - accapella girls, the God squad do a strange tambouriney number, the kind of red-faced kid who never s a word in class belts out an excerpt from La Traviatta, parents applaud,...
17) 1) dialog: My life revolved around soccer, chasing girls I couldn't fuck and going to the mall to buy shit I didn't need to be more like people I didn't even like... More scrolls, more cheers, more parents
17) 2) dialog: All I could see was a conveyor belt leading in one direction - 10 We see shots of applauding parents puffy with botox, grin like lemmings.
17) 3) dialog: to be like them, to look like them, to work like them, to breed like them, to shop like them - to be. Just. Like. Them.
18) 0) text: As Eric walks down from the podium he speaks to camera th words of REAL ERIC:
18) 1) dialog: I’m not entirely sure why we felt the need to destroy everything...
19) 1) dialog: .--but maybe it seemed simpler to destroy than to create something new... (looks to interviewer off camera) That sounds like bullshit doesn’t it? (laughs)
20) 2) dialog: That’s Warren - he really did do that. That's just what he was like, he was one of those guys who was just fun to be around - never took life too seriously - definitely never took authority too seriously.
23) 1) dialog: I would say Warren and I were best friends from the age of about twelve or thirteen. INT. ERIC’S PARENTS’ HOME - INTERVIEW SETUP REAL ERIC’S DAD (unamused) A bad egg. We thought he was a bad egg.
26) 2) dialog: That’s Chas. We’ll come back to him later.
31) 6) dialog: Why did I volunteer for ritual humiliation? (laughs) Because it’s what I was programmed to do. We pledge fraternities and study MBAs, it’s how we get access to the club and if you’re already in the club, well I guess it’s how you stay in the club. 14
32) 1) dialog: I’m not sure I ever considered there might be an alternative. Spencer, to his credit, was a little different - he had other ideas.
44) 0) text: Rain. A much smaller group of pledges including Warren an Eric stand in a line in various states of drunken undress they are barked questions at before being forced to remov items of clothing and do push-ups.
44) 7) dialog: Who does not make the poor man conscious of his poverty, the obscure man of his obscurity or any man of his inferiority or deformity; who is himself humbled if necessity compels him to humble another; who does not flatter wealth, cringe before power, or boast of his own possessions or... (beat) possessions Or...
44) 9) dialog: I would say it was around this time that it started to hit me... He stops still - drenched, out of breath, half naked, lyi on the wet tarmac looking into camera:
44) 10) dialog: ...this was bullshit. Eric stands up and walks purposefully toward us - away fr the Frat boys in the b/g who laugh shouting ‘quitter’ and threats of banishment.
75) 0) text: Warren sits at a PC, he looks around to ensure no one can the screen - which shows the Sotheby’s website detailing recent sale of John James Audubon’s Birds Of America for $7.3m. He reacts and checks again that no one can see wha he’s looking at. INT. WARREN’S BEDROOM - NIGHT Warren watches as Spencer lays out about 18 A4 sheets of paper onto a trestle table - the pages show what look lik architectural line drawings - Spencer moves them around l a puzzle until they form one large seamless blueprint of entire library. He looks up at Warren and smiles.
110) 0) text: Raked seating, Actor Eric sits in the middle of a row tow the back surrounded by predominantly Asian students.
110) 2) dialog: (overlapping the above) I'd like to tell you that it was pressure from parents that led me to major in finance...
111) 1) dialog: ...It wasn’t. I just hadn’t considered an alternative. What would that look like anyway? - Getting left behind - that’s what it would look like. Being one of those guys who turns up at weddings in his dad’s shirt wearing old shoes and no blazer.
112) 0) text: As the class draws to a close and students file out Actor Eric stands putting his books into his bag. A group of pr looking male students pass along the row above, as Eric notices them he makes to run for it but it’s too late. As they pass him each one takes a swipe at him - the first pushes his bag and books off the desk, the next pulls Eri jacket down off his shoulders trapping is arms - the next pushes him over onto the plastic seats and the last pours end of a can of coke onto his face.
112) 1) dialog: After I quit Sigma Epsilon Phi, they put out like a ‘hit’ on me - which basically meant actives or pledges had to fight me or fuck with me any time they saw me in public. It was around this time I get a voicemail out of the blue from Warren. We weren’t speaking at the time - we’d had a falling out over some of the proceeds from the fake ID business. 55
112) 7) dialog: When I called him back he said he couldn’t talk about it over the phone. Said he needed to meet somewhere noisy. Eric pulls into the parking lot in front of a Pazzo’s piz parlour. He gets out and we follow him toward the door.
113) 0) text: Eric sees Warren sat in a booth toward the back of the restaurant as he approaches Warren stands up and goes to him a hug. Eric goes to shake his hand instead.
113) 2) dialog: (cold) What’s going on Warren? What did you need to talk about that you couldn’t say over the phone? I thought you might be in some sort of trouble.
113) 4) dialog: Fuck, that’s harsh - I’m sorry to hear that, your Dad’s pretty much the coolest out of everyone’s I know.
114) 1) dialog: It was impossible to hate Warren and I did want to...
114) 4) dialog: .-.-I never did find out what happened with the money that went missing. I had some theories but I guess what I did know for certain is that you just don’t get too many chances in life to have a friend like him.
115) 2) dialog: 
115) 5) dialog: Kind of hard for me answer that without the faintest idea what you’re talking about.
115) 7) dialog: How am I gonna tell you if I’m in or out without you telling me the first thing about what I might be in or out of?
116) 1) dialog: So this is what Warren does - he has the ability to make you feel like your life is suddenly interesting - that there might be a whole side to it that you're just completely missing out on.
117) 0) text: Eric thinks and Warren waits for an answer. Suddenly:
117) 1) dialog: Would we have to go tonight? 58
117) 3) dialog: (relieved) OK... well, then I guess I’m in.
118) 3) dialog: I didn’t know what the fuck I thought I was signing up for but it sure as shit wasn’t that. I think I thought Warren was presenting me with some kind of friendship test and the only way to pass was to say yes. First I thought it was a joke then I guess I was shocked. They were deep into it - I mean deep - to the point that Warren seemed to be barely doing anything else with his life. Warren tells me about the buyers in Amsterdam, he says -
121) 1) dialog: Far as I could see they didn’t have even the beginning of a plan for how to actually get the artwork out - I guess that’s where I came in.
121) 3) dialog: Warren mentioned the sum of um, twelve million dollars - that’s what they felt was what we’d get for everything. Twelve million.
122) 1) dialog: It’s a bit like that scene in A Beautiful Mind - only that guy was a genius.
122) 3) dialog: I cannot wait to hear it.
123) 0) text: Eric and Spencer are lying on their stomachs overlooking library. Eric is looking through the binoculars, behind h Warren is walking precariously around the roof ledge like tightrope walker.
123) 2) dialog: Electronic keypads.
123) 4) dialog: They have Electronic keypads on the doors - that means the doors have electronic locks which will be connected to the main alarm circuit. Even if we could figure out how to kill the bell on the alarm itself, it’s probably connected into a central security hub.
123) 6) dialog: There'll be a safety department office for the entire campus - that’s where they'll be monitoring all the CCTV, the alarms and motion sensors and shit - Wait. (noticing Warren) What are you doing?
123) 8) dialog: Are you fucking retarded? Why don’t you fax the FBI and ask where they’d like us to leave fingerprints...
124) 4) dialog: Warren is impulsive, which is something you definitely do need in a criminal gang otherwise there could be a serious lack of risk-taking which you have to have - but you need someone who’s going to look at the bigger picture and avoid any fuck- ups. Spencer? Well, Spencer was the only one of us who was a Transy student and could basically go whereever he wanted on campus - he was the inside man.
126) 3) dialog: (still looking through the binos) It can’t be done at night. It’s the one time when no-one is supposed to be in the building so it’ll be almost impossible to get in - we have to do it when the library's open. How many cameras did you say were in the special collections room?
126) 5) dialog: So we need to find out who’s watching, when and for how long.
128) 0) text: Spencer slides into the back seat. Warren and Eric are in front.
128) 3) dialog: And were the screens changing - like rotating through a bunch of different cameras?
128) 5) dialog: Man, how can they have millions of dollars worth of shit stashed right in there and no cameras on it?
138) 0) text: Spencer is pouring over the Audubon Birds of America - fi edition. He seems lost in its beauty.
147) 0) text: One camera movement - Warren removes BJ's electronic key which is attached to her belt - as he moves toward the gl doors we find Spencer and Eric arriving right on time - Warren swipes the keypad and Spencer pirouettes into the holding the door for Eric - it’s like Seal Team 6 meets t Bolshoi.
147) 4) dialog: It doesn’t work - we need at least two of us inside the room, we need another keeping lookout inside the library and a getaway driver - three isn’t enough - it won’t work. 73
147) 6) dialog: I’d rather have 25 percent less of something than 100 percent of nothing cos we fucked it up.
150) 3) dialog: Chas was a high achiever but he was less clean-cut than he looked. I had known him since junior high so I figured even if he didn’t want in on it, he probably wouldn't give us up. CHAS INTERVIEW SET UP.
153) 0) text: Eric is chatting with the sales assistant in front of a b Ford Explorer. 76
156) 3) dialog: Me too. 78
156) 6) dialog: What do you mean “exactly”?
160) 16) dialog: (to Spencer) You know, even if you told me right now we were going to get busted for this. I would still do it. Scout’s honour. These have been some of the best months of my whole fucking life.
160) 18) dialog: You know I bet one day someone’s gonna make a movie about this. And people will say, those guys were idiots but at least they fucking tried something. Spencer is absorbing this. We track in on his face - clos and closer until he begins to speak the words of REAL SPE to camera.
162) 2) dialog: In my mind, if I didn’t go through with it I would spend the rest of my life wondering what might have happened. It was that simple. INT. CHAS’ BEDROOM - NIGHT Chas is tossing and turning - he looks over at his watch the bedside table.
167) 1) dialog: The most overwhelming feeling of nerves I think I have ever had. Even to this day. And the exam definitely did not help.
171) 11) dialog: I have no idea what I wrote on that paper but I pity the poor bastard who had to read it. I just wanted the whole thing over with.
172) 0) text: Close on Eric who is flustered and panting - we pull back reveal he is cycling across town like a bat out of hell.
174) 1) dialog: Do I think if I knew what we were getting ourselves into I would still go through with it? Er, no. Are you kidding? Who would? 92 INT. WARREN’S DEN - DAY As per the opening, Warren and Spencer disguised as old m put on sports jackets in silence, Spencer puts on sunglas they turn to face each other.
175) 0) text: Eric, sweating and frenzied is frantically getting undres and redressed in an ill-fitting double-breasted grey suit he goes to the mirror where he hurriedly begins to glue o fake sideburns.
176) 0) text: Eric makes the finishing touches to his rapidly assembled disguise. He is ready. He goes into the other room, paces sits down on the edge of the bed beside a black duffel ba checks his watch and waits.
178) 0) text: We are with Eric this time as the Van approaches. He trie the sliding side door and finds it locked.
178) 1) dialog: Unlock the fucking door. The door slides open and he gets in leaving us behind.
180) 3) dialog: Yes I’ve got the thing.
181) 0) text: We are as one of the group - still one shot - the camera moves around them - we are back where the picture froze p TITLE but this time we push on - we spin round to see the POV - a silent room full of students and librarians who s start to become aware of them. Eric is aware that one of sideburns is peeling off. Spencer goes to take his place lookout on a bench near the door where he pretends to rea newspaper. He can see people staring at him curiously - o is the HOT GIRL from his History of Art Class who makes a puzzled narrowing of the eyes. Spencer’s heart skips a be Warren heads for the stairs - Eric positions himself at t bottom of the stairs facing the front desk, Chas begins t follow Warren up the stairs some distance behind - they m as old men. Warren nears the top of the stairs - as the special collections section comes into view, through the glass doors he can see BJ but she is not alone - there ar three other women sat at a table clearly mid-meeting. War freezes. His POV - BJ sees him frozen on the stairs. A we long beat as they look at one another.
184) 8) dialog: (holding one side of his face) I’m about to lose a lamb chop.
191) 1) dialog: We had failed to see it through and to me at that moment, after everything, that seemed worse than getting caught. Spencer running out of town into the countryside as night falls.
193) 0) text: Spencer slows and finally stops running, out of breath he holds his knees. He looks around becoming aware of where is and then he sees something. His POV - in the halflight the road stands a blue heron, a bird that we recognize fr the Audubon book in the library. The two stare at one ano before the bird walks away into the darkness. INT. WARREN’S DEN - NIGHT The boys are attempting to regroup without Spencer. A diagram. Chas is taking control - explaining things in fr of the Heist Wall - walking through the stages of a new p using Spencer’s scale model. Eric and Warren look uncoonvinced. Suddenly, they hear something and stop. Silence. Then Spencer appears, says nothing but takes his place among them. Nothing said, Warren smiles and they continue. 99
197) 0) text: The sliding door opens and Warren and Eric climb out - it different set up - Warren has died his hair blond. He wea suit and looks focussed. Eric is dressed normally - not a word is spoken. They wear backpacks and clutch black hold alls and walk up the steps of the library. Here we make a radical tonal shift to what has gone before - it’s handhe ungraded, raw as video, there’s no music and no cuts - it hard to watch.
200) 0) text: Eric is sitting at a desk watching the doors of the SCM a holding his cell phone.
202) 0) text: Eric hangs up, looks around, takes in the students and librarians going about their business and heads for the stairs to the Special Collection 101
203) 0) text: Warren puts the phone down, swallows and makes his best effort to smile at BJ who is busy filing index cards. Before long Eric appears at the door - he sees BJ and immediately looks at Warren. FREEZE PICTURE
204) 1) dialog: Oh Fuck
206) 0) text: Eric shoots Warren a look somewhere between confusion and irritation.
206) 2) dialog: 
206) 3) dialog: John Rutherford
207) 1) dialog: That’s it. We crossed the line. We’re fucked. I couldn’t bring myself to look at her.
208) 0) text: Eric struggles to put on his gloves - he ties BJ’s legs, face devoid of colour. He get’s up - pulls two large bedsheets out of his hold-all and goes over to the books tries to start packing them inside the sheets. He can bar lift the first book.
208) 1) dialog: Shit - this is too heavy you need to help.
208) 3) dialog: What? We won't be able to carry it?
209) 2) dialog: Oh fuck.
209) 4) dialog: What the fuck? Warren puts his end of the books down - the boys are wide eyed and sweating.
209) 6) dialog: We're stuck in a steel box - we can’t stay here, this is bad - this is really fucking bad.
210) 0) text: Chas’s POV as the boys burst out of the exit and scramble Warren takes off in the opposite direction and Eric stand scanning for the gettaway car.
211) 3) dialog: Go! Go, go go.
211) 5) dialog: Where the fuck is Warren? Chas navigates the horseshoe-shaped driveway in front of library, picking up too much speed as they round the side the building. They swerve to narrowly avoid hitting an oncoming car, as they do so Warren comes careering out of nowhere on foot - Chas hits the breaks just as he is abou run him over. Warren bounces off the front of the van and knocked hard onto his back but gets up quickly and jumps the passenger door. Inside the van Warren is thrown backw as he attempts to shut the passenger door and Chas takes Warren sits down and suddenly vomits all over himself and dashboard.
213) 0) text: Eric is freaking out, Warren is covered in puke and Chas driving like a lunatic. Distant sirens. Eric and Warren g in the back of the van and immediately begin changing int different set of clothes and bagging up their old ones.
213) 2) dialog: Fuck, fuck, fuck - We fucked up so bad.
213) 4) dialog: (angry) We dropped the fucking books! They were too heavy. How can we not have known that? How can we not have known how heavy they are?
213) 6) dialog: Man we fucked this up so bad.
213) 8) dialog: Shit.
217) 0) text: Warren and Eric are on the wrong side of town - they sit waiting with the backpacks at their feet. They become awa of a group of thugs paying an interest in them from the p of a nearby house so they start walking. Eventually Chas pulls alongside them in his car - they get in.
220) 0) text: Eric arrives for his afternoon exam sweaty and dishevelle INT. CHAS’ BEDROOM - DAY Chas lies down on his bed and stares at the ceiling - he pulls a GUN from his bedside table and lies with it on hi chest.
222) 15) dialog: (from the back - eyes still closed) It means that we have evolved to a point where we are no longer equipped to survive. We are equipped only to consume and die.
222) 17) dialog: I know what I’m living for.
228) 17) dialog: We can change the message Chas-
228) 23) dialog: All I could think was the gun was going to go off like that scene in Pulp Fiction and Warren or Spencer’s brains were going to be all over the back of my car and we would all be going to prison for hundreds of years for a totally different crime.
232) 0) text: Eric sits in an economics seminar - something about the dangers of a property bubble and the overvaluation of bun mortgages. Eric is miles away.
235) 0) text: Eric is sat alone at the bar. Drunk - behind him a bunch Frat boys cavort loudly - some of whom we recognise. The camera tracks across the bar to find REAL ERIC (dressed identically) sat next to actor Eric - REAL ERIC speaks to camera:
235) 1) dialog: Nothing had changed - the only difference was it was now somehow even more intolerable. 118 The camera tracks back to ACTOR ERIC who turns around and steams violently into the middle of the group of Frat boy arms flailing wildly - soon they get the better of him an is on the floor being pummeled - he looks strangely seren
236) 1) dialog: The thing I could never understand at the time was why they just let us off with a caution.
240) 1) dialog: I found it unbearable to tell you the truth.
241) 0) text: Eric is putting a piece of scotch tape across the door ja like Redford in The Sting. INT. REAL CHAS INTERVIEW SET UP.
248) 0) text: Warren is placing some objects in his shopping trolley - quintessentially American junk food, cheese wizz, hot pockets, a ‘hungry man’ ready meal proudly advertising it contents ‘a full pound of food’. He opens the frozen meal freezer, pulls out a box of Chicken Alfredo, scans the ingredients - his POV - a litany of e-numbers, xantham gu msg and stabilizers. He looks around before stashing it u his coat. INT. SPENCER’S ACURA LEGEND - NIGHT Snow has begun to fall - Spencer is at the wheel. As he drives we see his POV - the snow lit up by his headlights falling harder now - hard to see too far ahead - reminisc of a year ago. Angle on Spencer driving - suddenly he clo his eyes. 122
250) 0) text: Warren begins to run. He turns to throw the ready meal at pursuing security guard who bats it away and tackles him as he gets outside the automatic doors of the store. Warr pinned to the snowy ground looks into camera. INT. CHAS’ BEDROOM - NIGHT Eric bursts in on Chas who startles and reaches for the g that he has on the desk, fumbles it and sends it flying across the desk and out of the open window.
250) 1) dialog: Warren’s been arrested and I can’t reach Spencer. We need to get out of here.
250) 3) dialog: Canada, we should go to Canada. I have a cousin there. Chas is already up and throwing clothes into a rucksack.
250) 5) dialog: We could get on a bus tonight.
250) 7) dialog: (suddenly hearing something) Sh! What’s that?
250) 9) dialog: (a terse whisper) There’s someone in the house. They tiptoe out of the room and edge slowly down the stai where they can clearly hear that there’s someone downstai Chas picks up a dumbbell and puts on an American football helmet and Eric grabs a walking stick as they go tentativ from room to room in relative darkness. The sound is coming from the basement, Warren’s den. They edge toward it. As reach the bottom of the stairs they can see the place has been ransacked - or has it? - they turn the corner and co face to face with Warren - they all jump out of their ski
251) 2) dialog: I heard you'd been arrested.
253) 0) text: Eric looks calmly into the camera saying nothing.
254) 0) text: The splintering of wood as the front door bursts open followed by torchlight and shouting raking the interior o the house as the FBI flood through doors and windows. The action slows to slo-mo and slower still - sync-sound drops away as Offenbach’s Barcarolle (or the like) swells we see the boys awaken rudely to the reality of what’s happening around them. Eric attempts to climb out his win onto the roof where he is met with spotlights and threats lie down with his hands on his head, Chas reaches for his and finds himself at the top of the stairs facing a screa FBI agent pointing a shotgun at him. Another housemate an his girlfriend awake naked, terrified and bewildered. At Transy campus Spencer's dorm is raided - he sits up in be with a look of mild relief on his face. Warren awakes in basement where beams of white torch light pierce the floorboards. He sits up in bed and listens to the mayhem above - then lies back down. We are high and wide pushing on Warren as he stares calmly up at us until he is finall found - lit up by torchlight and then dragged roughly fro frame. BLACK. We see REAL NEWS ARCHIVE from the arrest.
261) 1) dialog: Yeah, I guess I have at times wondered if any of that was true. Ha!(laughs) But I know Warren, and he will stick to his story until the day he dies.
266) 3) dialog: You'll probably consider this bullshit - it doesn’t matter to me either way. But jail was the best thing that could have happened to me - not cos I needed to be punished, although I did, but because whatever was expected of me on the outside, I was free of all of it in there. Materialism, vanity, ego, all that - there’s no place for it there. I was set free. Quite the paradox huh?