0) 0) text: THE REAL SPENCER REINHARD is revealed sat in a voice-over booth reading from a script before looking into camera
0) 1) dialog: ...this is me, Spencer Reinhard - these are my words and this is my story.
2) 0) text: A man is packing a duffle bag - edgy - we see what looks a pair of leather gloves go in - then zip ties, a tazer, rubber mask with the face of George Bush - the bag is zip shut. INT. SPENCER'S PARENTS’ HOME, INTERVIEW SETUP - DAY Spencer's real parents are sitting together on the sofa - holding hands. This is not a subject they are happy talki about.
4) 5) dialog: If you asked me would I do it all over again - I would say no. No, I wouldn't - not because I regret doing what we did - but to save my family from the pain I caused them...
4) 6) text: Close on one of the men we caught snatches of previously looks up straight into the camera/mirror. This is ACTOR SPENCER - young, handsome and wearing the expression of a on a cliff edge. From out of shot he raises a prosthetic to his face.
4) 7) dialog: ...the pain we all caused everyone.
7) 0) text: Actor Spencer and Actor Warren both unconvincingly disgui as old men assess themselves one last time and then each other. They are sweating, not a word is spoken between th They leave the bathroom for a bedroom where two sports jackets are laid out on the bed - one brown, one yellow. put them on in silence, one puts on sunglasses, they turn face each other making eye contact for the first time.
7) 2) dialog: In body. EVEN CLOSER IN ON THE CLOCK - ticking getting louder
11) 14) dialog: Fuck, we're miles away.
11) 18) dialog: I feel like we’re all sold a picture of what our lives are supposed to look like - you see it every day on TV... Camera pulls focus from the boys to a passing bus emblazo with an ad for a fertility clinic featuring a grinning family.
11) 19) dialog: -..sometimes it even looks familiar... Part way through we cut to:
12) 1) dialog: ..-But what if that’s not exactly the version you had in mind? (a ticking noise building louder and louder). Pushing v close in now on the CLOCK - The minute hand hit 12:30 - Bang - we whip-pan to the front door which opens noisily onto a smash of bright sunlight from where Warren Spencer and Eric enter and stop still. Their POV - a large well appointed library sparsely-fill with students and some staff - some turn or raise their h to look at camera. Close on the boys staring straight ahead - breathing heav sweating, Eric’s sideburn beginning to peel away at the s As Warren (centre) takes a step forward purposefully we freeze and...
22) 1) dialog: Warren was pretty much the last kid in school your mom ever wanted you to be friends with. He was my best friend since the age of about seven.
27) 1) dialog: I'd rather not talk about Chas if that’s alright.
29) 2) dialog: So there we all were queuing up for the next phase, no idea what we wanted to do but privileged enough not to have to care...
30) 1) dialog: .-.-The main thing was - it was all going to be new.
33) 0) text: Black and white high contrast - top shot, ACTOR SPENCER i vest lies on his bed with one arm behind his head - Jean Belmondo. He gazes at the ceiling and releases a plume of smoke from his mouth that engulfs the camera. Yves Montan crackles on a record player in the background. Spencer si up - we see he is wearing paint-spattered overalls. He wa over to where a canvas stands on an easel - we see the ba of it. He stares at it and smokes. His POV to reveal that is most of the way through an impressive pointillist rendering of a strip mall. He takes another drag, assesse for a beat before picking up a jar of filthy paint water throwing the contents in disgust (with both himself and h work) at the painting/camera. Prelap Spencer’s V.O:
33) 1) dialog: Ok, so that’s maybe a slight exaggeration - like, for instance I never smoked... ACTOR SPENCER responds by flicking his cigarette out of s
33) 2) dialog: .»+. and I hate that fucking French music.
34) 1) dialog: ..-but the truth is I was really fucking good at art - well, depends on your definition of art - I was really fucking good at drawing. We see a series of shots of Spencer finishing then sabotaging, painting over, kicking, punching, stabbing various brilliant but rather cheesy portraits and landsca REAL SPENCER (CONT’D) What did I have to complain about?...
35) 0) text: Spencer, his parents (conventional), older brother (bookish)and younger sister (sharp) sit around a cosy din table eating an unadventurous meal. 15
35) 1) dialog: ...the most traumatic thing that had ever happened to me was having a retainer fitted.
35) 3) dialog: (incredulous) So wait a minute - she lets her husband practically die of a heart attack because she doesn’t want to disrupt the concert?
35) 5) dialog: (animated) The guy was on the floor flapping around like a fish gasping for air and she’s worrying that people might be annoyed if she makes a scene? - fuck me!
35) 7) dialog: Apathy! Total fricking apathy. The guy dies of a heart attack while the rest of us die slowly of apathy!
35) 9) dialog: I read about the great artists - Magritte, Van Gogh, Picasso, Gauguin, Dali - they all had issues... Archive of eccentric artists and their work - stills and moving pictures in black and white, a snippet of Un Chien Andalou by Bunuel and Dali. 16
35) 10) dialog: They had something to talk about, they had seen and done shit, they had suffered...
37) 0) text: We are tracking back - pulling Actor Spencer (wearing retainer) down a street like the ones we saw earlier as h walks home from school.
37) 1) dialog: I’ve never really told anyone this before but I used to almost wish for something terrible to happen. As he rounds the corner he stops in his tracks. His POV - house engulfed in fire. His mother, hysterical, being restrained by a firefighter, screaming: “My husband's sti inside”. INT. SPENCER’S BEDROOM - NIGHT POV shot - his father sat on the end of his bed looking i camera.
39) 1) dialog: When did you last read a book or watch a movie where the main character was just a nice guy from a nice family who grew up in a nice house and is having a nice fucking life? I'll bet this is the first one isn’t it? Now close on Spencer's eye’s - slowly pulling back
40) 0) text: In the darkened classroom ACTOR SPENCER appears to be pre much the only male among a sea of unartistic looking girl who are paying little attention - some pour over a magazi others texting...
40) 2) dialog: I chose Transylvania University... Appealing brochure shots of the University. .+.a liberal arts college down the road from where I grew up where, if you were rich and white and wanted to go to college but had little talent and less of an idea what to do with your life, then a degree in art was as good a way as any to pass the time. ACTOR SPENCER genuinely transfixed - we hear muffled whispering from behind - slight irritation on SPENCER’s f who then turns to give the evil to a couple of girls pour over a magazine and arguing in a loud whisper over so and so’s choice of heels. One of them (the hot one) gets the wrong message and gives him a coy smile - which he finds himself returning.
42) 0) text: Students exiting class. Spencer on his own aware that the girl and friend are right behind him. He turns awkwardly:
42) 1) dialog: Hey have you guys done the library tour?
42) 3) dialog: No, I think the last one is like tomorrow at 9.
42) 5) dialog: Yeah I think so. Maybe see you there?
42) 7) dialog: Cool. An awkward beat - as if they’ve arranged to go on a date a library - at 9 in the morning.
44) 1) dialog: Across town, at the University of Kentucky, Warren and Eric were experiencing the joys of freshman year.
44) 17) dialog: M-hm - pretty good thanks Mr Lipka - kind of trying to take the whole art thing seriously.
45) 1) dialog: I think it’s fair to say if none of us had ever met Warren, our lives would probably have turned out pretty differently.
46) 2) dialog: Anything would be an improvement on these potatoes.
48) 1) dialog: I honestly did NOT know what to say - other than:
49) 1) dialog: Um, I think I should probably go... Thanks, thanks for dinner.
55) 1) dialog: If Warren was upset about it, he wasn’t the kind of guy to ever let you see it.
57) 1) dialog: He started bombing out - going to training having not been to bed from the night before. INT. UNIVERSITY OF KENTUCKY COACH’S OFFICE - INTERVIEW/VO
59) 0) text: Spencer and the two GIRLS we saw earlier are at the back library induction tour of about twelve students. In front them is BETTY JEAN GOOCH (BJ) - the thin one of the mean aunts in James and the Giant peach - mid-60s, regulation spectacles, conservatively dressed, intelligent and compo
59) 2) dialog: Actually if we’re trying to be accurate, Betty-Jean wasn’t half as mean looking as this. The picture rewinds and the scene starts over - this time much softer looking actress playing BJ.
60) 2) dialog: So long as we’re not doing any cavity searches. BJ ignores this, she escorts them to a table where a huge book is open under a low watt tungsten lamp.
61) 1) dialog: I don’t think I told Warren about it immediately.
62) 3) dialog: Love this track - did you see the video? Fucking hilarious.
62) 5) dialog: I saw her. I didn’t see her. But I’1l tell you what I did do the other day - I held something in my hand worth six million dollars. I bet you can’t guess what it was?
63) 1) dialog: I told him about it in the car - we were driving around smoking and looking for munchies. It was November I think. INT. SPENCER’S ACURA LEGEND - NIGHT Warren drives, Spencer smokes - INTERGALACTIC plays on th stereo. Their breath condenses.
63) 4) dialog: Love this track - did you see the video? Fucking hilarious.
63) 6) dialog: Did you say light or life?
63) 8) dialog: No, but check this out - I held something in my hand worth six million dollars the other day. I bet you can’t guess what it was?
63) 11) dialog: I probably did know that he would be intrigued - I don’t think I could have guessed where it might lead. (beat) Or maybe I knew that all along. EXT. RICH’S GARDEN - HOUSE PARTY - NIGHT
64) 1) dialog: That’s not even the most valuable thing they've got in there. There’s a first edition Origin of Species worth more. 28 EXT. RICH’S GARDEN - HOUSE PARTY - NIGHT
64) 3) dialog: Actually it’s more like a work of art than a book. (beat) It’s incredibly beautiful. They sit in silence in the car for a while - out of the f window snow has begun to fall - a country road stretching into darkness - the sound of the WINDSHIELD WIPERS. It’s to see far ahead. After a while Warren blurts:
64) 5) dialog: Of course it’s not on a shelf - it’s in the special collections museum.
64) 7) dialog: Not really, it’s kind of like a separate section with cases and stuff.
64) 9) dialog: No, but obviously you can’t just walk in there.
64) 11) dialog: No, because you have to make an appointment. 29 He shuts the door. Inside the car we find REAL WARREN now in the drivers seat - as he talks to camera the backgroun slowly disappears.
66) 1) dialog: It didn’t surprise me that he didn’t let it go - that’s Warren. We were experimenting with hallucinogenic drugs at the time so that probably didn’t help our grasp of reality.
67) 0) text: A shot of a fungus at the foot of a tree. A shot of Warre staring down at it. Spencer is on the ground behind him staring at the sky.
67) 2) dialog: You will if you stand there long enough.
67) 4) dialog: You ever wonder if we have a say in anything that happens? You ever wonder how come you ended up being born you and not someone else? I mean how does any of that get decided? You think it’s just a lottery? Like why are we us and not like goatherds in India or some place? You ever think about that? 30
67) 6) dialog: You ever feel like you're just waiting for something to happen? You’re supposed to be doing something, you don’t know what it is but it’s the thing that’s going to make your life important in some way? Spencer's POV from the forest floor - trees reaching up t the sky, autumn leaves gently falling toward us.
67) 8) dialog: And you think committing a crime would be one way of achieving that?
67) 10) dialog: Well ending up in prison would certainly be different - not sure that’s what I had in mind.
67) 12) dialog: That’s the movies dude. I’m not sure that’s how it happens in real life. The bad guys don’t get to ride off into the sunset with the loot.
67) 14) dialog: Well we'd be the robbers.
67) 16) dialog: Find out what?
68) 1) dialog: We honestly thought we were the first people on earth to have these conversations. Like stoned teenagers hadn't been talking this same shit for centuries. I enjoyed it though - that’s really all it was for me, a beautiful daydream. CUT TO CLOSE ON THE CLOCK we saw at the beginning.
69) 0) text: We find Spencer sat working in the main Library reading r opposite him sits Warren making a flimsy attempt to appea like he’s studying. He is in fact making furtive notes in moleskine notebook.
69) 2) dialog: What the fuck are you talking about?
69) 4) dialog: Do what properly? Spot us doing what? Sitting and looking at books in a library? Highly suspicious. Believe it or not this is actually what I’m supposed to be doing with my time.
69) 6) dialog: If you chill out and act normal no one need notice you.
69) 8) dialog: Why? Are you planning an escape through the heating ducts?
70) 2) dialog: It would be easier just to draw the layout from scratch.
70) 7) dialog: Neither of us were serious but we were enjoying the fantasy of it. Talking about it, having a secret that set us apart from everyone else. They were so deep in their workout regimes and Xboxes, they had no fucking idea. INT. WARREN’S BEDROOM - NIGHT Warren and Spencer sit smoking weed and watching Ocean’s 11. The scene where George Clooney talks through the details the casino heist to his team. We see Clooney, we see the cuttaways of Matt Damon, Casey Afflek, etc - and also cuttaways of Warren and Spencer watching - as if they too in the same room - all part of the same gang. As Clooney describes the high-tech layout, instead of images of the casino vault, etc. we see images of the Transy Library, t Special Collections section, etc. We watch as Warren in particular sinks deeper into the fantasy.
71) 3) dialog: He took to driving and cycling past by the campus - watching the comings and goings, timing the patrol cycles of the public safety officers.
72) 0) text: Spencer is sat in the library - pretending to study but i actually drawing the layout of the building on individual pieces of A4 paper.
72) 1) dialog: I started making blueprints of the Library - the position of security cameras, alarms, entry and exit points.
72) 3) dialog: We took turns noting down the arrival and departure times of the staff. 34 INT. WARREN’S BEDROOM - NIGHT Slow push in - Warren is adding images, index cards and drawings to an elaborate picture-wall he is creating rela the library plot. In the very centre is an image of one o Audubon'’s beautiful sleeping birds.
74) 0) text: Spencer, supervised by Betty-Jean pouring over the Audubo furtively checking the ceiling for cameras and sensors.
75) 0) text: Warren sits at a PC, he looks around to ensure no one can the screen - which shows the Sotheby’s website detailing recent sale of John James Audubon’s Birds Of America for $7.3m. He reacts and checks again that no one can see wha he’s looking at. INT. WARREN’S BEDROOM - NIGHT Warren watches as Spencer lays out about 18 A4 sheets of paper onto a trestle table - the pages show what look lik architectural line drawings - Spencer moves them around l a puzzle until they form one large seamless blueprint of entire library. He looks up at Warren and smiles.
76) 0) text: Spencer's parents sat beside each other as before.
76) 4) dialog: Before long, it was just about all we talked about... He sits up, listens, - fucking cicadas. Looks across at h room-mate who snores soundly. He pulls on a dressing gown leaves the room.
76) 5) dialog: ...all we thought about.
77) 0) text: A blue-black star-filled sky. Cicadas almost screaming. Spencer walks out of the back door barefoot and stands in front of a large clearing sparsely populated with small trees. He waits a beat then:
77) 1) dialog: 
77) 3) dialog: For me it was a secret that set me apart from everyone else, for Warren it became more like an obsession. I think his girlfriend thought he was cheating on her.
80) 1) dialog: When Warren split up with Megan I knew he had gone to a whole other place with it.
83) 2) dialog: Supposing we actually do manage to get the books - what do you have in mind to do with them? 38
83) 4) dialog: And you know such a person?
84) 1) dialog: That came as a surprise to me - the fact that he had already looked into how we might sell the books.
85) 1) dialog: The truth is we weren’t entirely squeaky clean. We had been selling fake IDs to students on both the Transy and U.K. campuses.
87) 1) dialog: Warren said he talked to one of his counterfeiter contacts and asked them: 39
87) 3) dialog: And the guy says to him:
90) 0) text: Tracking along a row of computer users at the end of whic find Spencer and Warren huddled over a PC.
90) 1) dialog: Maybe don’t say: “we are about to acquire” say: “we have something”. On the screen we can see an e-mail being composed from a WalterBeckman@yahoo.com. We see Warren finish typing: DEAR BARRY, WE HAVE SOMETHING WE BELIEVE will BE OF INTER
91) 5) dialog: We told everyone we were going skiing. Barry had written back to Warren’s fake e- mail address saying:
92) 0) text: Warren and Spencer sit at a booth. Warren reads conspiratorially from a printed e-mail. 4l
93) 1) dialog: The fantasy had kind of jumped the fence if you know what I mean - beyond our tiny minds and out into the real world. It was a little frightening but also exciting. And I was starting to feel better about my shitty little place in the world - I was actually doing something. SPENCER’S ACURA LEGEND - DAY The car passes through the city limits - skis strapped to roof rack.
94) 1) dialog: I just don’t get what a “good faith” payment is anyway. We’re supposed to give him five hundred bucks just for meeting us?
94) 3) dialog: I would have thought driving across the fucking country for twelve hours is a pretty good demonstration of that. 42
94) 5) dialog: The KLF, and it was a million pounds - which is like a million and a half dollars.
94) 7) dialog: It was a subversive act against the establishment.
95) 0) text: A bearded Spencer wearing nothing but paint-spattered sho and a tatoo of a bird sits on a porch beside a beautiful pregnant Mexican girl. They watch a kid ecstatically chas two others in the dust with a gushing hosepipe. Prelap no of:
96) 0) text: Spencer and Warren cut an odd couple breakfasting togethe a dreary room populated by overweight elderly couples on package tours from the Midwest and Japanese tourists all whom sit eating in silence bar the tinker of cutlery.
96) 1) dialog: I don’t see why we can’t just both meet him - what do you imagine he’s likely to do in the middle of a park in broad daylight?
96) 3) dialog: What’s do you imagine’s gonna happen? That's why he wants to meet in a public place - so we can’t mess with him and he can’t mess with us.
96) 5) dialog: Nah, it’s cool. You’re better at doing the talking anyway. Spencer opens a miniature pot of marmalade and starts spreading it on his toast. They sit in silence.
96) 6) dialog: I remember we were a little on edge actually. 44
97) 1) dialog: Everyone that came near him I’m thinking ‘this is the guy, here he comes’. EXT. BRYANT PARK, NEW YORK — DAY Long Lens, Spencer’s POV - we see various men of differen ages make as if to approach Warren but then continue to w straight past him.
97) 2) dialog: .-+-but they would just keep on walking. We track in on Spencer who is sat on a park bench some distance away from Warren pretending to read a newspaper.
97) 3) dialog: I remember really wanting the guy to show up. Like really wanting him to come cos in my mind...
98) 1) dialog: ...if the guy didn’t show well where were we gonna go from there? Nowhere? The story grinds to a halt, the adventure’s over and we go back to how it was before and I could imagine how that might play out. We see a quick series of stills of Spencer’s imagined fut A shot of his final year show with an exhibition of banal landscapes and portraits (some repaired where a fist hole once was), working as a waiter in a posh restaurant, pain a cheesy portrait of a wealthy Kentucky family, working a ‘creative’ in a below-the-line media agency in Louisville out drinking with the account managers and a couple of gi from HR, getting married to one of the girls from HR, out his first home (not unlike the ones we saw at the start), baby, a paddling pool, a set of golf clubs for Christmas.
99) 0) text: Spencer jumps back from his reverie as he notices: Warren talking to a MAN WITH PONYTAIL (30s) and a blue sc who is just turning to go. 45
99) 1) dialog: And then suddenly Warren's talking to a guy with a pony tail and a blue scarf, or was it a purple scarf... The man’s scarf changes colour in accordance with Spencer commentary.
99) 2) dialog: I know I was wearing a gold and white scarf. Reverse on Spencer watching intently (now wearing a gold white scarf). His POV, the man walking off and Warren looking over at u grinning - a piece of paper suddenly in his hand.
99) 3) dialog: And suddenly he has this piece of paper in his hand and he’s walking over to me smiling and we’re ok, we're back in business.
100) 5) dialog: No, Dutch people are from Holland, Danish people are from Denmark.
100) 7) dialog: What if he will only meet in person?
100) 9) dialog: How fucking cool would it be to go to Amsterdam though? The car speeds into the night.
102) 0) text: Close on Spencer - who has just been read the e-mail by Warren. Angle on Warren beginning to tear it into tiny pieces and trying unsuccessfully to burn them in a mug before the waitress removes it with a scolding look.
102) 2) dialog: Don’t you think there’s maybe someone in America we could talk to about it.
102) 4) dialog: Dude, even if we did go there and even if they did want to buy them then we'd have to smuggle the books out of the country - which, even if we could do that, don’t you think it’d look pretty weird us just taking off there suddenly.
102) 6) dialog: No, but-
102) 8) dialog: (Hesitant) I dunno, maybe it’s time to face the reality that this is not something we’re actually really going to be able to do. Warren stares at him - a disappointed parent with his chi
104) 0) text: Spencer's Mom reads She looks prophecy.
104) 3) dialog: I figured something... some obstacle would present itself before it all went too fat. I just...I didn’t want it to be me.
104) 8) dialog: You don’t need to read it to me man, I was the one that wrote it all down. 49
104) 10) dialog: Tell them this is part of the collection you represent and ask them which are the items they’re most interested in.
104) 12) dialog: Warren managed to find the money for a return ticket to Amsterdam - he didn’t even tell his parents he was leaving town.
106) 1) dialog: Maybe I was jealous I didn’t get to go to Europe but I wasn’t jealous of what Warren was there to do - meet a bunch of mafia types and convince them you’re the real deal? Nah, that’s really not for me. I’m not good with people like he is. He can talk anyone into anything. My main fear was that when I went to get him from the airport three days later he wasn’t going to be there. What the hell would I tell his folks? He went to Holland to meet some gangsters. 50
109) 0) text: Spencer and Warren are driving back from the airport. War looks knackered and has his hood up.
109) 1) dialog: .-+.Seriously? He said they would pay that? Holy crap!
109) 3) dialog: Holy fucking crap.
120) 3) dialog: It wasn’t that I didn’t trust Eric it’s just that I didn’t know him as well as Warren did - we were never close. I didnt know if he could keep a secret. 59
123) 0) text: Eric and Spencer are lying on their stomachs overlooking library. Eric is looking through the binoculars, behind h Warren is walking precariously around the roof ledge like tightrope walker.
123) 1) dialog: Eric got sucked in same as we were. He wanted to go back to the beginning, he needed to see it all for himself - look at him, all of sudden he’s Robert fucking DeNiro in Heat. 60 Binocular POV - we see a staff member leaving, locking an punching a code into a keypad.
123) 5) dialog: Central security hub? Spencer and Warren exchange a look. Warren climbs down, g out his notebook and starts to write.
126) 1) dialog: I wasn’t interested in being the ring- leader. I guess I mainly just wanted to feel as far outside my comfort zone as humanly possible - that definitely did not mean going to jail though, yeah... that would be too far.
126) 4) dialog: Two that I could see.
126) 7) dialog: OK Jason Bourne, and how exactly do you suggest I go about finding out who’s got ‘eyes on the library’? 62
127) 0) text: A bank of grainy security monitors. Angle on Spencer look at them transfixed.
127) 2) dialog: Well I fell asleep in the library and when I woke up my wallet was missing.
127) 4) dialog: Um, no. I’m pretty sure it was stolen and I thought you might have security footage from when it happened? He feels this gives him an excuse to look back in the direction of the monitors. He picks out the parking lot a the front of the library but nothing of the interior or t rear of the building.
127) 6) dialog: But you have cameras inside the library?
127) 8) dialog: OK, I’11 check with lost and found in case it got handed in. 63 Spencer backs out of the office watching the screens as h goes. His POV - pushing in - one of the screens shows a bird's eye view of the campus parking lot - virtually emp and in the bottom left corner we see a familiar car - a pedestrian approaches and opens a rear door and gets in.
128) 0) text: Spencer slides into the back seat. Warren and Eric are in front.
128) 2) dialog: Yeah - nothing of the inside so far as I could see. The only interiors I could see were of like the main building, reception, the trophy cabinet, the gym, the pool, shit like that.
128) 4) dialog: Nope - they were all just fixed on the same thing. They can see us sat right here though. Warren starts up the engine.
128) 6) dialog: Yeah, someone should probably write a letter. Warren puts the car in gear and screeches out of the park lot.
128) 7) dialog: Warren moved into the basement of the bungalow where Eric lived.
129) 1) dialog: Eric was living with Chas at the time who he and Warren had gone to Lexington Catholic High with... We flashback to the graduation scene we saw at the top:
130) 2) dialog: Chas’ dad was a bigshot real estate guy, he owned the bungalow and Chas lived upstairs.
131) 1) dialog: I never cared much for Chas if I’m honest - we had zero in common. He was all about money, that was his thing. WE SINK down through the floor until we are in: INT. WARREN’S BASEMENT Warren is standing in front of what looks to be a window covered by a large set of floral curtains - he pulls a co and the curtains separate to reveal not a window but the Heist Planning Wall now in it’s new home - yet more detai and seemingly more ordered. Spencer and Eric nod approvin from the sofa.
131) 2) dialog: Sometimes I think the planning could have gone on forever. But then something happened.
132) 16) dialog: After that the robbery was pretty much all Warren had to think about.
134) 0) text: Spencer plays pinball whilst Warren stands next to him. 68
134) 2) dialog: How do you know all this?
134) 4) dialog: You did what?
135) 0) text: Spencer's POV - We are gliding up a wide curving staircas students passing us on the way down. We are trailing a sm male librarian who turns back to address us:
138) 0) text: Spencer is pouring over the Audubon Birds of America - fi edition. He seems lost in its beauty.
138) 2) dialog: Pardon?
144) 1) dialog: I just kept waiting... waiting for the thing to come along that was going to stop us. But the deeper we went, the easier it seemed to get.
147) 0) text: One camera movement - Warren removes BJ's electronic key which is attached to her belt - as he moves toward the gl doors we find Spencer and Eric arriving right on time - Warren swipes the keypad and Spencer pirouettes into the holding the door for Eric - it’s like Seal Team 6 meets t Bolshoi.
147) 3) dialog: I didn’t know whether I wanted off the roller-coaster or to stay strapped in. I felt like I was in a river rushing faster and faster toward the sea. As he speaks we cut to images of the world outside, Lexin at night in the pouring rain, the bungalow, empty streets the houses, traffic lights, the library, rain, wind and m rain. INT. WARREN’S DEN - NIGHT As before but now Eric is up and pacing.
147) 7) dialog: He’s right, we need someone else. Needs to be someone with a car or access to money to get one that we can ditch after the robbery. The camera starts to rise upwards and keeps going through floor to the room upstairs - we hear the sound of fucking then find Chas, cigarette in mouth, arm-wrestling with an equally jock-like friend at the living room table while p plays on the plasma TV in the background. CHAS INTERVIEW SET UP. This is first time since the pre-title that we have met R
151) 1) dialog: I could see we needed another person. I just didn’t think that person should be Chas. INT. REAL CHAS INTERVIEW SET UP.
151) 7) dialog: What’s wrong with Mr Pink?
152) 0) text: At the counter Spencer in sunglasses and a hat is being served by the ancient owner of the store. He is buying an assortment of grey wigs, fake noses and stage makeup.
152) 2) dialog: Making a movie.
153) 7) dialog: Pretty soon Chas was hooked...
154) 1) dialog: ..-He pretended to be above it all but he was sucked in just like we were. He even got his hair cut to make him look like Vin Diesel.
156) 4) dialog: Me too. I have History of Art in the morning.
157) 1) dialog: There was no insurmountable obstacle. That thing in all the movies that no one’s planned for - that makes the whole thing impossible to pull off? Well it just never came up.
158) 0) text: Spencer is driving alone. Shots like those we saw at the beginning: Sunlight through trees - picturebook houses wi manicured lawns.
158) 1) dialog: So I found myself at a fork in the road. One way leading to a place where everything turns out more or less how it’s supposed to. And the other... Spencer parks, gets out of the car and walks up the garde path to his parents house. INT. REAL SPENCER INTERVIEW SETUP (CONT’D)
158) 2) dialog: ...the other leads to the unknown. He wraps on the door knocker.
159) 0) text: Spencer's family are preparing to sit down to dinner of Spaghetti Bolognese - the family members except for Spenc bring food, napkins, water glasses, etc. to the table as typical weeknight conversation ensues. 79 Spencer is notably at odds; hair disheveled, the beginnin of a beard, filthy fingers - he looks tired. SPENCER’S SISTER -It’s ridiculous, there’s no sane reason for them to make me do it. There’s no job I’m ever gonna have that’s gonna need me to know any of that stuff. It’s a huge waste of time - plus Mrs Donaldson is a bitch.
159) 3) dialog: What difference does it make? It’s all basically pointless anyway.
159) 5) dialog: It’s true - what difference does it make? Seriously. It’s not like Ellen not doing chemistry is gonna affect the outcome of her life in any way. In fact, what will? In ten years she will be married to some douche who probably works in a bank, squeezing out his fat little babies and wondering what the point of having an education or a brain was anyway. SPENCER’S SISTER Shut up Spencer. At least I’11 still have half a brain. She mimics him taking drugs and looking fucked.
159) 7) dialog: I'm thinking of maybe doing something different. This grabs everyone’s attention.
159) 9) dialog: You can’t learn to be an artist by sitting with a bunch of prom queens listening to a bunch of failures who couldn't make a career out of drawing Christmas cards.
159) 11) dialog: I dunno, just something... different. Something radically fucking different.
159) 15) dialog: Yeah, maybe I’11 look into that. He produces an appeasing smile for his mother.
160) 0) text: We are tracking behind Spencer up to the door of the bung - he rings the doorbell for longer than necessary. Eventu Chas comes to the door in a dressing gown. Spencer walks him.
160) 1) dialog: Where is he?
160) 4) dialog: I can’t do it. I’m not doing it. Warren pauses the film, walks over to Spencer.
160) 6) dialog: Nothing happened. I just don’t think this is going to end well and I don’t even know what it ending well is even gonna look like.
160) 8) dialog: I’m good standing.
160) 10) dialog: Don’t say that. I’ve told you to stop fucking saying that.
160) 12) dialog: Has anyone stopped to think about what this could mean for our parents, for our futures?
160) 19) dialog: I'd love to tell you it was about friendship - it was, partly. I’d love to tell you it was about an act of rebellion against a society in which no one questions anything and there’s no trace of a link between effort and reward - It was partly...
161) 1) dialog: ...-But in truth we each had our own selfish reasons - Me? I would have done something extraordinary, it would make me interesting...
162) 0) text: Top shot - Spencer lies in bed staring at the ceiling. Hi words continuous.
162) 1) dialog: .+-I could say I did something, I know something, I have something to say. In a homage to the Thomas Crown Affair we begin to split screen as the four lads appear one by one - each in their bedrooms at the same time of night. As each of them talks move in on the relevant window. INT. ERIC’S BEDROOM - NIGHT Eric also lies in bed awake - calm.
163) 6) dialog: The first thing that happened that morning was Chas gets a call from Eric.
163) 8) dialog: Eric tells him that the car he had fixed up had suddenly become unavailable.
164) 0) text: Warren is with Spencer sorting through kit. He is checkin items off against a list.
164) 2) dialog: Check
164) 4) dialog: Check 85
164) 6) dialog: Ch....eck
164) 8) dialog: Ch... - No tazer
164) 10) dialog: This was our second problem and it wasn’t 8 o'clock yet.
164) 12) dialog: Dude, that was on your list...
164) 14) dialog: So the plan was to hit the library at 12:30 - precisely between morning and afternoon exams. My job was to get the disguises ready, do Warren’s make-up and prosthetics, get to my morning History of Art exam by 9 am, get back to do everyone’s makeup by 11:15 and be on the road by 12:15. It was going to be tight.
166) 4) dialog: Across town at U.K. Eric was arriving for his fiscal studies exam - which, unsurprisingly, didn’t go so well. Eric enters the hall with a flood of other students carry pencil cases and mascots and finds his place at a desk in centre of the room. He sits down and repeatedly twiddles pen around his thumb.
168) 6) dialog: The new plan was for Chas to get hold of the minivan that his mom was selling the following day. This would be the gettaway vehicle and the next day it would be in another state with a new owner. Chas enters the house and begins rummaging in a draw for keys.
170) 0) text: Whilst other students work away Spencer is watching A FEM SUPERVISOR pace up and down at the front of the hall. He looks at the clock which strikes 11.
170) 3) dialog: So now I had exactly one and a half hours to get back, get changed, do my, Warren and Eric's disguises and get to the Library. If we were late it would mean Chas and Eric wouldn’t make it to their afternoon finals on time which was not an option.
171) 0) text: As per the opening - We see paraphernalia strewn around a sink - tweezers, glue, makeup, a pair of glasses, a fake beard - short clumps of hair fall into the sink. 90 The camera pans up to find Warren in the process of turni himself into an old man. He inserts a blue contact lens. Spencer bursts in sweaty and anxious.
171) 1) dialog: Dude, that’s my wig.
172) 1) dialog: Eric had 45 minutes from the end of his exam to get back to the house, get into his disguise and get to the library... Eric pulls up at the lights beside a police car - smiles tries to look nonchalant - actually looks like a lunatic.
173) 1) dialog: ...I don’t know why we thought that was going to be possible. I was also beginning to think my idea of being disguised as old men was not such a great one.
174) 3) dialog: In body. Closer in on the clock - ticking getting louder.
177) 0) text: Spencer and Warren are in the back while Chas drives. 93
177) 3) dialog: I think I’m gonna be sick. Up ahead they see Eric waiting by the side of the road.
180) 1) dialog: Fuck, we're miles away.
181) 0) text: We are as one of the group - still one shot - the camera moves around them - we are back where the picture froze p TITLE but this time we push on - we spin round to see the POV - a silent room full of students and librarians who s start to become aware of them. Eric is aware that one of sideburns is peeling off. Spencer goes to take his place lookout on a bench near the door where he pretends to rea newspaper. He can see people staring at him curiously - o is the HOT GIRL from his History of Art Class who makes a puzzled narrowing of the eyes. Spencer’s heart skips a be Warren heads for the stairs - Eric positions himself at t bottom of the stairs facing the front desk, Chas begins t follow Warren up the stairs some distance behind - they m as old men. Warren nears the top of the stairs - as the special collections section comes into view, through the glass doors he can see BJ but she is not alone - there ar three other women sat at a table clearly mid-meeting. War freezes. His POV - BJ sees him frozen on the stairs. A we long beat as they look at one another.
184) 0) text: Warren turns around and starts heading back down the stai At the bottom Spencer sees him and begins to stand up. On way down he passes Chas who is walking up the staircase slowly using the handrail still in character. Behind Warr we can see BJ making her way toward the glass doors.
184) 5) dialog: I’m not staying.
184) 9) dialog: Fuck this, I’m out of here. Spencer turns and makes for the door. EXT. TRANSY UNIVERSITY LIBRARY - DAY (CONT’D) We see the door open and Spencer walk brusquely down the steps toward us. 96
184) 10) dialog: I knew one thing as clearly as I’ve ever known anything.
185) 1) dialog: I’m a useless criminal. I just didn’t have it in me. Maybe they did, but I didn’t.
185) 2) dialog: The relief of getting out of there into the sunshine having done absolutely nothing wrong was glorious. His POV the trees, the sunshine - students on the lawn - everything’s OK. Smash cut to:
186) 0) text: Noisy and claustrophobic - The boys are back in the van stripping off their disguises. Chas is driving. Warren is crestfallen, the others deflated, Spencer, relieved.
189) 1) dialog: I felt like I had been thrown a lifebuoy and now it was deflating around me. We had got away with it, I mean we had got away without doing anything and now we were planning to go back. INT. BATHROOM —- WARREN’S BASEMENT - AFTERNOON Top shot - Warren is lying in the bath shampooing his eyebrows, he sinks under the water to rinse his face, com up opens his eyes and jumps - Spencer is perched on the e of the tub - agitated. Warren discreetly covers his priva with a flannel.
189) 2) dialog: I can’t go back in there. I’m pretty sure someone saw me and if we’re not using disguises or even if we are I can’t be in there. Can’t do it, it’s suicide, can’t do it. Warren takes a minute to absorb this.
189) 3) dialog: Well? Warren looks at him.
190) 0) text: Spencer walks out of the bungalow and walks down the gard path as he turns onto the sidewalk he starts to jog and t run - and then really run. INT. REAL CHAS INTERVIEW SET UP.
193) 0) text: Spencer slows and finally stops running, out of breath he holds his knees. He looks around becoming aware of where is and then he sees something. His POV - in the halflight the road stands a blue heron, a bird that we recognize fr the Audubon book in the library. The two stare at one ano before the bird walks away into the darkness. INT. WARREN’S DEN - NIGHT The boys are attempting to regroup without Spencer. A diagram. Chas is taking control - explaining things in fr of the Heist Wall - walking through the stages of a new p using Spencer’s scale model. Eric and Warren look uncoonvinced. Suddenly, they hear something and stop. Silence. Then Spencer appears, says nothing but takes his place among them. Nothing said, Warren smiles and they continue. 99
193) 2) dialog: It was the very last day of finals. Eric and I both had exams that afternoon.
194) 1) dialog: It was decided there would be one gettaway driver who stayed in the car during the robbery, Mr Pink...
195) 1) dialog: ...There would be one lookout outside the library, Mr Green, me, which suited me just fine.
196) 0) text: Spencer takes up his position with a mobile phone and binoculars on the dorm block roof.
196) 1) dialog: ...And only two people would enter the library. Warren, Mr Yellow, volunteered to be the one to neutralise the librarian - once this was done he would call Mr Black to come bag up the loot.
211) 0) text: Spencer's POV - he sees this, realises it’s all gone badl wrong. 105 Angle on Spencer who reacts by ducking down out of site a he’s being shot at - face to the roof asphalt, breathing heavily in the dirt. He closes his eyes. Black.
214) 0) text: Spencer dumps his binoculars in a trash bin as he walks across the quad in front of the main hall - some distance away Police cars are arriving outside the library, lights flashing - cops spill out of the cars and up the library steps just as we follow Spencer up steps and into the exa hall, we hear murmurs ‘Someone’s robbed the library’ - he sits down at his desk and takes out his pencil case. 107
214) 1) dialog: From what I had seen, the whole thing had gone to shit.
216) 0) text: Spencer sits in his exam.
221) 0) text: Spencer's exam ends and he leaves the hall. We see him walking past the library. The area has been cordoned off police tape and half a dozen cop cars are still parked up
222) 6) dialog: Shush - Sh! Listen- 109
222) 9) dialog: Shush! HELEN — «+. a grey Dodge minivan. Police are appealing for anyone who believes they may have information...
222) 11) dialog: They got a pretty damn good description of it.
224) 1) dialog: In my mind I think I was done with it at this point. We’d fucked up, we didn’t even have the books we promised the Dutch guys. But we did get some of them so the next thing was to get them appraised before they showed up in the system as stolen...
224) 4) dialog: .-+.-This was in the plan and I guess now we had to see it through to the bitter end.
226) 0) text: Partly REAL CCTV - classical music, a marble-floored foye with tastefully decorated Christmas Tree, a Modigliani, a large uniformed doorman and an attractive receptionist. Spencer and Warren sit fidgeting in silence.
226) 1) dialog: No disguises this time - we went in looking sophisticated, serious. Warren wears a blue suit, overcoat and cravat and Spencer wears a canary yellow sports jacket and beige 70’s dress- shirt complete with ruffle (seriously). Between them is a wheelie bag.
228) 4) dialog: The heron.
228) 6) dialog: Uh, the heron - a couple of pages in, I think she’s beautiful. Melanie eyes him as if he is an endearing weirdo. From Warren, a flicker of irritation.
228) 10) dialog: And here's why I’m not cut out for this.
228) 12) dialog: No, on my cell. A slow dawning on Spencer.
228) 21) dialog: The gun. Yeah, no one saw that coming.
229) 7) dialog: No one was going back to get the number - that would have aroused even more suspicion. We drove through the night in silence, not much was said on the way home. I guess everyone was just alone with their thoughts about the future and wondering what we were going do next. The plan was to sit on the books until the dust settled then find a buyer closer to home.
230) 0) text: Spencer gets out of the car outside his dorm block. The o three stay in the car. The mood is sombre.
230) 1) dialog: See you guys around I guess. I’ll call by some time next week.
230) 4) dialog: Nah, it’s cool man. See you around. We are in the car as it starts to pull off - we watch Spe turn and walk in the direction of the dorm block until he out of sight. Teenage Wasteland by The Who fades up and continues to pl over the following series of shots. 117
231) 0) text: The same convivial family dinner - Spencer’s parents and brother and sister laugh at something but Spencer is dist not really present.
234) 1) dialog: Everything had changed but nothing was different. We had crossed a line and now we had to try to cross back...
235) 2) dialog: I was spending less time with the others. Eric got into a bunch of fights and then got arrested for a DUI. EXT. ERIC’S FORD EXLORER - NIGHT We are racing along beside Eric who is driving like a bat of hell with the window down - Bank Robber by the Clash blaring on the stereo - a fat lip, black eye and a weird smile on his face. We hear a police siren wail, he checks rear view mirror and puts his foot down further.
235) 3) dialog: The most fucked up thing was when Eric got caught drunk driving... The camera booms up to reveal Warren clinging to the roof rack - whooping like a lunatic and banging on the roof to faster.
235) 4) dialog: ... Warren was hanging off the roof.
238) 0) text: Top shot as Spencer lies in bed - he sits up wide-eyed wi jolt as if emerging from a nightmare.
238) 1) dialog: Then one night I just woke up in the middle of the night with a sudden dreadful realisation. 119
239) 0) text: Spencer is running down the street in a robe, slippers an pajamas. He arrives at the bungalow and begins knocking o Warren’s basement window. He (and we) get a terrible frig as he spins round to find Warren standing behind him with baseball bat.
239) 2) dialog: The e-mails. We’re fucked. We used the same e-mail address.
239) 4) dialog: Walter Beckman. We used the same e-mail address to e-mail the library as we used to e-mail Christies. They’1ll find Halloran and they’1l find the phone number. Chas was right - we’re fucked. We see the truth of this settle upon Warren.
239) 5) dialog: And that’s when the paranoia set in. Although don’t they say it’s not paranoia if someone’s really out to get you.
242) 0) text: As the lecturer talks, an agitated Spencer is watching a student across the room.
242) 1) dialog: A new student started on my course. He also moved into the fourth floor dorms. I was convinced he was an undercover cop. The student in question becomes aware of Spencer staring returns a half-smile and an acknowledging nod. Spencer st back grimly.
242) 2) dialog: The crazy thing was, I was right about the undercover cop - I was just wrong about who it was. From the reverse on Spencer we pull focus to an older-loo female student a couple of desks behind - her eyes fixed Spencer.
244) 1) dialog: Hard to describe that feeling. When you know you’re on borrowed time, things are suddenly put in perspective....
245) 0) text: Spencer sits at the dinner table surrounded by his family they are laughing and eating and chinking glasses - somet being celebrated, Spencer is tipsy and seemingly overcome with love for his family.
245) 3) dialog: .-.-Things seem better than you ever remember them being... because maybe you know it’s all about to disappear.
247) 0) text: Dinner’s over, Spencer is leaving.
247) 3) dialog: Nah, I got a big day tomorrow. I love you guys - I'll see you soon. He gives his dad an overly long hug and walks out the doo
248) 0) text: Warren is placing some objects in his shopping trolley - quintessentially American junk food, cheese wizz, hot pockets, a ‘hungry man’ ready meal proudly advertising it contents ‘a full pound of food’. He opens the frozen meal freezer, pulls out a box of Chicken Alfredo, scans the ingredients - his POV - a litany of e-numbers, xantham gu msg and stabilizers. He looks around before stashing it u his coat. INT. SPENCER’S ACURA LEGEND - NIGHT Snow has begun to fall - Spencer is at the wheel. As he drives we see his POV - the snow lit up by his headlights falling harder now - hard to see too far ahead - reminisc of a year ago. Angle on Spencer driving - suddenly he clo his eyes. 122
252) 0) text: Real Spencer looks calmly into the camera, silent.
254) 0) text: The splintering of wood as the front door bursts open followed by torchlight and shouting raking the interior o the house as the FBI flood through doors and windows. The action slows to slo-mo and slower still - sync-sound drops away as Offenbach’s Barcarolle (or the like) swells we see the boys awaken rudely to the reality of what’s happening around them. Eric attempts to climb out his win onto the roof where he is met with spotlights and threats lie down with his hands on his head, Chas reaches for his and finds himself at the top of the stairs facing a screa FBI agent pointing a shotgun at him. Another housemate an his girlfriend awake naked, terrified and bewildered. At Transy campus Spencer's dorm is raided - he sits up in be with a look of mild relief on his face. Warren awakes in basement where beams of white torch light pierce the floorboards. He sits up in bed and listens to the mayhem above - then lies back down. We are high and wide pushing on Warren as he stares calmly up at us until he is finall found - lit up by torchlight and then dragged roughly fro frame. BLACK. We see REAL NEWS ARCHIVE from the arrest.
254) 1) dialog: What is fear? Fear is an emotion designed to protect you from harm. It makes you avoid danger, prevents you making a silly mistake and getting eaten by a bear or some shit.
255) 1) dialog: But like Darwin said - it’s an emotion most of us don’t run into a whole lot - not real fear anyway. The kind a caveman might have had to deal with. So we look for new ways to experience something like it... As per the opening - we are driving through suburban Lexington everything green, genteel and placid. Old men p hedges, a kid bounces soundlessly on a trampoline... the images we saw in the opening montage. REAL SPENCER (CONT’D) ...to feel like we’re really alive. 126
256) 0) text: We pull back from the shot we have seen repeatedly as the anonymous hands fill a last remaining white space with a small point of coloured pigment transferred from a piece coloured magazine page. Slowly we pull back and out to re that we are hovering above an artist in prison overalls w is at work on the floor of a prison cell where he has cre a huge pointillist image made up hundreds of thousands of dots of colour on dozens of sheets of A4 paper and slowly image becomes clear to us. It’s a vivid, exceptional and different rendering of John James Audubons Heron - the on Spencer met on the highway. Angle on the artist taking in work - it’s Actor Spencer, older with a long beard and lo hair - a long long way from the kid we first met.
256) 1) dialog: There have been many times when I've wondered how it’s possible that we went through with it. How all the pieces fell into place... Angle Spencer’s POV - the painted face of Warren.
257) 1) dialog: I’ve never said this to Warren but I’m not sure whether the memory I have of the guy I saw in the park that day...
258) 0) text: The scene from Spencer's POV of the man with the scarf an pony tail - reverse on Spencer - his POV - suddenly it’s man with the white hair that Warren described - reverse o Spencer again frowning slightly - his POV again and there no one there just Warren waiting by the hot dog stand.
258) 1) dialog: ..-is a memory of a guy I saw, or a memory of a guy Warren told me I saw. And I bet if you ask Eric or Chas they’ve probably wondered, as I have, if Warren ever really did go to Amsterdam?
259) 0) text: We see Warren hugging Spencer goodbye as we did before - walks off into the airport and the camera cranes up to th upper level - arrivals - where Warren emerges and jumps i taxi. 127
259) 1) dialog: Or if he did go to Amsterdam - did he ever meet any art-dealers? Did they even exist.
260) 1) dialog: For all I know Warren sent those e-mails to himself.
262) 1) dialog: And you know what? It doesn’t even matter anyway if there never was a buyer for the books.
263) 1) dialog: I probably would do it again. Not because I don’t feel terrible about what we did to our parents or that poor lady...
263) 3) dialog: .»..or that I don’t wish I hadn’t spent 7 years of my youth in jail and destroyed my future. (beat)
263) 4) dialog: I didn’t want that future. 128 WE SEE REAL PHOTOS OF THEM TAKEN IN PRISON —- SHOCKING AN
266) 5) dialog: Aprendi hablar Espanol... (Spencer delivers some of the following speech in Spanish) I shared a cell with a black guy. I met people I would never have met in my life and they taught me more than college ever would have. I felt true fear. I laughed a lot and I cried a lot. I had a seven year sabbatical from the world. It was like a second childhood almost.
267) 3) dialog: I’ve been out of prison for a year and I’m not sure what the future holds. We see present day footage of Real Chas working as a pers trainer in an upmarket health club in Santa Monica...
267) 4) dialog: But what I do know is that good or bad, it’s ours, mine - and no one else's... We see present day footage of Warren - sitting in a lectu theatre - back at University of some sort.
267) 5) dialog: ...We stole it... We see present day doc footage of Real Spencer at what appears to be an exhibition of his artwork. We see his brother, sister and parents - loving and supportive as always. We cut outside to see that the exhibition is taki place in a twee little art gallery in a nice boring part Lexington.
267) 7) dialog: -.-and I can live with that. 130 We cut to images of Lexington - life being quietly lived we go wider and wider until we are back where we started: