7) 0) text: Actor Spencer and Actor Warren both unconvincingly disgui as old men assess themselves one last time and then each other. They are sweating, not a word is spoken between th They leave the bathroom for a bedroom where two sports jackets are laid out on the bed - one brown, one yellow. put them on in silence, one puts on sunglasses, they turn face each other making eye contact for the first time.
7) 1) dialog: Ready?
11) 2) dialog: What?
11) 6) dialog: You can move the van while we’re inside when a space comes free.
11) 8) dialog: Then fucking circle - Come on! We're losing time -it’s 12:26 - just pull in to disabled. (Turning to the two in the back) Dudes get your shit together.
11) 10) dialog: (raising his voice) Do you think that’s fucking helpful at this moment in time? INT. WARREN'S PARENTS’ HOME. INTERVIEW - DAY The real Mr and Mrs Lipka (WARREN’s parents) are sitting beside one another on a cream sofa - a significant gap between them. REAL WARREN’S DAD ...Warren never had trouble making friends that’s for sure.
11) 15) dialog: (to Eric) You got the thing?
11) 17) dialog: Just stick to the plan. OK? Let’s do this. As they turn to go we follow them around the side of the and track behind them to reveal that they are heading tow an imposing mock-colonial building on the other side of a open quad which is clearly part of a school campus. We fo them across the quad toward the steps - it’s a strange mo - we feel the rush of blood pumping in our ears, off-spee noises are distorted, everything a little off - a feeling dissociation. Students look straight at them/us aware tha they are out of place. We track up the steps to the doors the library - flashes of the opening images - sunlight through trees, passing through suburban Lexington - snipp of home videos of kids blowing out birthday candles, a child's painting being painted, etc.
21) 0) text: We see what feels like an out-take of REAL WARREN in interview laughing as he shows off a (real) tattoo he has recently had done on his upper left arm showing a Tyrannosaurus Rex struggling to turn off a ceiling fan.
21) 1) dialog: You see he’s got these tiny arms and he just can’t quite reach up... (laughs, looks to camera) pretty funny huh?
24) 0) text: Warren puts the Principal down and victoriously salutes t crowd to huge cheers. 12
25) 1) dialog: My name is Warren Christopher Lipka. People have said I was the ringleader. That is not true. I was not. There was no ringleader.
26) 0) text: Warren high-fives everyone he passes en route back to his seat.
28) 1) dialog: I don’t see why we even need to bring him into this?
44) 0) text: Rain. A much smaller group of pledges including Warren an Eric stand in a line in various states of drunken undress they are barked questions at before being forced to remov items of clothing and do push-ups.
44) 5) dialog: You want me to continue or go from the top?
44) 15) dialog: Mm-hm 21
44) 22) dialog: First thing she’s said to him in days. (prodding his food) I think these potatoes might be raw.
46) 1) dialog: I've been thinking we should take acid.
46) 3) dialog: Funny guy. No, seriously, I think it could be a very positive experience -— especially for your art. Warren’s mother re-enters the room flushed and fucked-off She stands in the doorway. 22
46) 5) dialog: Seems far fetched doesn’t it?
47) 1) dialog: .--but that’s exactly how it happened.
50) 1) dialog: I wonder if she was ever really in love with him. It wasn’t just the debt and the gambling - it was his total mismanagement of pretty much everything - I think he just really wanted us to have everything everyone else’s kids had... We see real illustrative photos from Warren's family albu REAL WARREN (CONT’D) .-.ski trips and trips to Florida and new furniture and all that. And Mom would be like-
52) 1) dialog: And dad would be like-
54) 0) text: REAL WARREN reflects, says nothing.
56) 0) text: MONTAGE of Warren at his charismatic best - partying, act up, dancing outrageously with a girl (MEGAN), being the l and soul of the party, hitting bongs, performing dangerou stunts, a self-destructive edge..
58) 0) text: Back to the shot of Warren doing push ups in the rain as storms off in a huff. Rain pours down his face - time slo almost to a stop - slo-mo becomes super slo-mo and then slower still. 24
58) 1) dialog: Now there’s obviously a lot more to it than this but you get the basic picture right? It’s more or less where we were at this point //(now in vision, looking off screen) - what are we, like 20 minutes into the movie?
62) 1) dialog: I’m pretty sure he told me about it when we were at our friend Rich’s party. I do remember being cold. EXT. RICH’S GARDEN - HOUSE PARTY - NIGHT Spencer and Warren are smoking a joint in the garden of a thumping house party. INTERGALACTIC by the Beastie Boys p in the background.
62) 2) dialog: Fuck, hurry up I’m freezing
62) 4) dialog: Dude, there are no hot girls here - did you ever see that girl from your art-— history class?
63) 2) dialog: Fuck, I’m freezing, what’s with your heating?
63) 5) dialog: No, but did you see the Beyonce video where she’s wearing the sparkly thing with the.. she’s basically wearing like diamonds and nothing else. It’s almost like she’s wearing nothing but light?
63) 7) dialog: Light, like points of light. But it’s made up of diamonds.
63) 9) dialog: Was it Beyonce’s diamond-encrusted vagina?
63) 12) dialog: A book?! In what world could a book be worth six million dollars?
64) 2) dialog: Fuck, if I had six million dollars pretty sure I wouldn’t spend it on a book. INT. SPENCER’S ACURA LEGEND - NIGHT
64) 4) dialog: It’s in the Library? When you say it’s in the library, it’s not on a shelf obviously? We keep cutting to the view out of the front window which puts us increasingly on edge - as if something’s about to come flying out of the snowy darkness - this is made considerably worse when Warren takes his eye of the road, repeatedly turning to talk to Spencer.
64) 6) dialog: Is that like a vault?
64) 8) dialog: And it’s got guards on the doors and shit? A gas station appears ahead - they pull in.
64) 10) dialog: Because there’s security everywhere? Spencer getting out of the car.
64) 12) dialog: If this is how Spencer remembers it I’m not going to argue. I just remember it seemed incredible to me. All that money sitting their in the form of a book! In the form of an adventure - and almost nothing standing in the way of someone just up and taking it.
67) 1) dialog: I keep expecting to see like one of those timelapse sequences you get on natural history shows.
67) 3) dialog: Spores man. Amazing.
67) 5) dialog: Sometimes.
67) 7) dialog: I think if you don’t make it happen, it probably never will.
67) 9) dialog: I’m not saying it’s the only way but yeah, it probably is one way. At least you'd be remembered.
67) 11) dialog: What about ending up on a fucking boat in the Caribbean like at the end of Shawshank Redemption?
67) 13) dialog: How are we the bad guys?
67) 15) dialog: Aren’t you just curious to find out?
67) 17) dialog: Find out what would happen in real life. 31
69) 0) text: We find Spencer sat working in the main Library reading r opposite him sits Warren making a flimsy attempt to appea like he’s studying. He is in fact making furtive notes in moleskine notebook.
69) 1) dialog: We should probably be coming here in disguise. There are CCTV cameras at my 9 o'clock, 11 o’clock at 2 o'clock.
69) 3) dialog: That if we’re going to do this properly we should probably come in disguise so if they review the tapes they won’t spot us.
69) 5) dialog: (raising his voice and attracting the attention of nearby students) Well I’m not supposed to be in here brainbox - this isn’t even my library. (beat) I think I’1l get a wig.
69) 7) dialog: We need to get the blueprints to this place.
70) 1) dialog: So we know the layout like the back of our hands... the exits and entry points, the staff entrances and the fastest way out from any given point in the building.
70) 3) dialog: Now you’re talking my artistic little friend - you can be in here doing it and no one need suspect anything. First we figure out the layout then we establish the exact times of the comings and goings of every fucker who works here.
70) 5) dialog: (responding to a question) I was deadly serious. I planned to investigate it until something came up that rendered the whole thing a physical impossibility.
71) 1) dialog: Well there aren’t exactly books on how to conduct a heist so yeah, we started watching movies to get some ideas.
73) 0) text: Warren in an overcoat with binoculars staked out on the d roof overlooking the library.
75) 0) text: Warren sits at a PC, he looks around to ensure no one can the screen - which shows the Sotheby’s website detailing recent sale of John James Audubon’s Birds Of America for $7.3m. He reacts and checks again that no one can see wha he’s looking at. INT. WARREN’S BEDROOM - NIGHT Warren watches as Spencer lays out about 18 A4 sheets of paper onto a trestle table - the pages show what look lik architectural line drawings - Spencer moves them around l a puzzle until they form one large seamless blueprint of entire library. He looks up at Warren and smiles.
78) 0) text: Warren is sat opposite Megan who is conventionally pretty wholesome looking and irritated.
78) 2) dialog: (Sighs) aghh, man do we have to talk about this? Well for one thing she was cuter that this actress. Megan reacts to this by angrily addressing Actor Warren s opposite her:
78) 4) dialog: I didn’t say anything.
78) 6) dialog: What do you want from me Megan - my folks are divorcing, I have training from 6am five days a week and if I don’t get my grades I lose my scholarship.
78) 10) dialog: She would never have understood and we had made a pact not to tell a soul... 37
79) 1) dialog: There was a lot about my future, or potential future, I wanted to change - Megan probably wasn’t one of those things. (beat) ...After everything happened I used to have nightmares about it actually. Wake up feeling like I'd lost something important and would never find it again.
81) 0) text: A snapshot of a trashed Warren drugged up and strung out the dance floor of a nightclub. Surrounded by revelers bu totally out of sync and alone. Banging music fades out ve slowly over:
82) 2) dialog: There’s a total of nine members of staff including cleaners and administrative staff. The department for public Safety patrol near the library roughly every half hour but never leave the vehicle and never go to the back of the building.
83) 1) dialog: Friday is the quietest day in terms of least staff and least students - it has to be a Friday.
83) 3) dialog: What do you think we’re going to do with them? We’re going to sell them to someone dumb enough to spend millions of dollars on a stack of old paper and then we’re going to go to Bolivia and live on a catamaran.
83) 5) dialog: As a matter of fact I know a person who might know a person.
85) 0) text: We are tracking down a grimy industrial corridor behind Warren.
87) 0) text: Warren finally reaches a door, does a secret knock and ge let into: INT. COUNTERFEITER’S WORKSHOP - CONTINUOUS - DAY Warren walks in and is greeted by two pallid post-grads w are busy creating fake documents in a squalid workshop wh clearly doubles as their apartment.
87) 2) dialog: If a guy had a stolen artwork that he needed to get rid of, do you have any idea how he might go about doing that?
88) 1) dialog: .»+-and he only communicates in person or by e-mail. Warren conspiratorially hands Spencer a piece of paper wi an e-mail address scrawled on it. ACTOR WARREN (CONT’D) He said we should e-mail asking for a meeting and sign off with the name “Terry”. How fucking awesome is that? Warren looks thrilled with this development.
89) 2) dialog: Well I guess Walter sounds a bit like Warren and Beckman because of er, David Beckham? So, er, yeah, um, that’s why.
90) 0) text: Tracking along a row of computer users at the end of whic find Spencer and Warren huddled over a PC.
91) 3) dialog: We're heading up to Four Points for the weekend - Matt’s dad has lent him the condo and there’s been a shit-ton of snow.
92) 0) text: Warren and Spencer sit at a booth. Warren reads conspiratorially from a printed e-mail. 4l
92) 1) dialog: Dear Terry (Warren grins at Spencer -— loving the John Grisham nature of it all). Thank you for your message, I would be happy... Warren stops reading while a waitress refills their coffe mugs, then leans back in - whispers ACTOR WARREN (CONT’D) I would be happy to meet you in person this Sunday at 4pm by the Greys hotdog stand in Bryant Park, Manhattan. Please confirm your attendance before 9pm EST Thursday. Please bring $500 as a good faith payment. Regards, Barry.
94) 2) dialog: Dude, it’s to show we’re serious and not time-wasters.
94) 4) dialog: Relax, you'll get your money back Renoir and if we don’t fuck this up about ten million more. Then what will you do? Aren’t artists supposed to starve. I guess you could be like those fuckwits who set fire to a million dollars.
94) 6) dialog: Yeah. What the fuck was that about? I mean spend it on dying kids in Africa but don’t just fucking burn it you assholes.
94) 8) dialog: Yeah, well I can think of cheaper subversive acts. (pause) Imagine if we really do do this. I mean this could change everything. Imagine if we really actually fucking do it. I mean we might have to leave the country. We might have to just fucking leave everything and everyone behind. As Warren drives, Spencer smokes weed, coughs, reclines h chair and shuts his eyes, a smile playing faintly on his and we see a snapshot of the post-heist life he imagines:
96) 0) text: Spencer and Warren cut an odd couple breakfasting togethe a dreary room populated by overweight elderly couples on package tours from the Midwest and Japanese tourists all whom sit eating in silence bar the tinker of cutlery.
96) 2) dialog: (checking to see who’s listening) We don’t know this guy for shit and whether he’s even coming alone. If you hang back then if something weird happens you can do something.
96) 4) dialog: I know you think this is a game Spencer, but this is not a world or a dude we are familiar with and I think this way works better. Hey, why don’t you wait at the hotdog stand and I’1l hang back if you're so desperate to meet the guy?
99) 0) text: Spencer jumps back from his reverie as he notices: Warren talking to a MAN WITH PONYTAIL (30s) and a blue sc who is just turning to go. 45
100) 1) dialog: The guy was in his 50s I’d say, He had white hair - nicely dressed. EXT. BRYANT PARK, NEW YORK — DAY Warren’s POV as a very different looking MAN WITH WHITE H (no ponytail) and an expensive coat walks toward him.
100) 2) dialog: He didn’t say a whole lot and it was obvious he was put off by how young I looked. I give him the envelope with the cash, I tell him I had been sent by a wealthy man with a number of artworks and rare books to sell, I tell him which ones and he writes down an e-mail address. He says: Warren’s POV - the man is very close, writing something o piece of paper.
100) 4) dialog: He hands me the piece of paper and that was that - he didn’t even count the money. Kind of anti-climactic to be honest. INT. SPENCER’S ACURA LEGEND - HIGHWAY - NIGHT Rain on the windscreen - Spencer drives - poor visibility
100) 6) dialog: Whatever. Anyway, he said the guy speaks perfect English.
100) 8) dialog: I'll explain that we’re not in Europe and hopefully he’1ll agree to talk on the phone.
101) 0) text: Warren staring at the computer screen.
101) 1) dialog: .+-but will welcome you and your items in Holland at your earliest convenience. 47
102) 0) text: Close on Spencer - who has just been read the e-mail by Warren. Angle on Warren beginning to tear it into tiny pieces and trying unsuccessfully to burn them in a mug before the waitress removes it with a scolding look.
102) 1) dialog: We have to go there.
102) 3) dialog: Well I don’t know about you but I’m fresh out of underworld stolen art-dealer contacts - I guess we could try the yellow pages.
102) 5) dialog: What are you suggesting - that we just give up on everything?
102) 7) dialog: I could get the money for the flight from my Dad - I‘’1l tell him it’s a deposit for the apartment, you scrape what you can together, we can be there and back in like two days.
102) 9) dialog: I will face that reality when it is a reality and at the moment it isn’t. I don’t know what makes you think this is all supposed to be so easy? You want out? Is that what you’re trying to tell me? 48 Spencer looks like a scolded child.
104) 7) dialog: Birds of North America, by John James Audubon from original drawings, four volumes, elephant folio, 435 hand-colored plates; London, 1827-1838. First edition On the Origin of Species by Means of Natural Selection, by Charles Darwin ,London, 1859. Hortus Sanitatis de Laten en Francois, two volumes, 450 woodcut illustrations, with four full-page woodcuts; Paris, circa 1500, and Illuminated Manuscripts, Devotional Calendar - England, circa 1425...
104) 9) dialog: So do I tell them we have all of this?
104) 11) dialog: Yeah, that’s good. You should be going man, at least you know how to talk the talk. He opens the door, gets out and reaches for a backpack on back seat. ACTOR WARREN (CONT’D) Wish me luck hermano. He gives Spencer a hug, shuts the door and walks off into what we now see to be LEXINGTON AIRPORT. As we watch him we hear Spencer’s V.O:
105) 0) text: Mrs Lipka (Warren’s mother) sits alone absently doing needlepoint, a black and white movie (The Asphalt Jungle) playing on TCM for company:
107) 2) dialog: So I find the cafe but I decide to keep walking past just to make sure there’s nothing weird going down. To be honest I was feeling more than a little paranoid. We are tracking behind Warren - he looks over and we foll his gaze to become his POV - two middle-aged men sit in t window of a cafe, they eye the camera which keeps moving one continuous 180 shot as we now pan back to find Warren walking toward us as we track back. He stops, does a u-tu and we switch direction and follow him back toward the do of the cafe. 51
108) 0) text: His POV - a decidedly low key interior of faux pine walls formica tables where the staff and clientele are as dusty the furniture - a pair of old codgers at the bar, an elde couple at a table eating soup in silence and the two midd aged men at a booth in the window - both staring up at Warren. One is thick set wearing a cable-knit jumper with beard and glasses. The other is smaller and older with nicotine grey thinning hair, he looks like a university professor. He wears a shirt, cardigan and a sports jacket that was new in the 70s. A full ashtray and half-full cof cups sit between them on the table. Warren approaches
108) 1) dialog: Hi, I’m David, I work with Mr Beckman. He holds out his hand - the men clearly can’t be bothered shake it but do so without enthusiasm. They are unimpress not what they were expecting.
108) 3) dialog: Ha, yes, I wasn’t sure I had the right place.
108) 5) dialog: Um, no, it’s a lot warmer where I’m from. I forgot to check the weath...
108) 7) dialog: Do you mind if I sit? Warren makes to sit down next to the older man who shuffl over reluctantly. ACTOR WARREN (CONT’D) No, no - I have come from the United States on behalf of Mr Beckman. - Mr Beckman? He sent me here to meet with you? To discuss - wait (suddenly unsure) - you are the people we've been e-mailing, right?
108) 10) dialog: No, no I don’t have the works with me. How could... The idea was to discuss with you... The two Dutchmen exchange looks - this is a waste of thei time.
108) 12) dialog: No, no, Mr Beckman is in the US - you see he is quite elderly and it isn’t easy for him to travel. (Composing himself) He is quite a wealthy man with a large collection of art and antiquities which he understood could be of interest to you. He has sent me all this way to talk to you about which of the items in his possession might be of interest and what value you would place upon them... The older man says something unintelligible to the Bearde Man in Dutch and hands over the printout of the various books. The Bearded man looks at the list for a while. The older man makes to get out of the booth forcing Warren to stand up to let him out - it’s unclear if he is leaving o going to the bathroom.
108) 14) dialog: No, no he is my employer. (beat) Well, actually we are kind of related. He is married to my mother’s sister - kind of an uncle. The bearded man seems to take this in with an almost imperceptible degree of approval. He takes out a pen and circles three or four items from the list and hands it ba to Warren. 53
108) 16) dialog: OK, when you say authentications?
108) 18) dialog: OK, so with the correct appraisals from the famous auction house these books would be of interest to you?
108) 20) dialog: And can I ask roughly what value you would place on the individual items?
109) 0) text: Spencer and Warren are driving back from the airport. War looks knackered and has his hood up.
109) 2) dialog: I know.
109) 4) dialog: I know. We’re gonna need a bigger boat. 54
112) 6) dialog: ..-Eric, it’s Warren. I need to talk to you. It’s important. Call me back please man. INT. ERIC’S CAR - NIGHT Eric is driving listening to hip hop.
113) 0) text: Eric sees Warren sat in a booth toward the back of the restaurant as he approaches Warren stands up and goes to him a hug. Eric goes to shake his hand instead.
113) 1) dialog: Listen man I want to put all the nonsense behind us. Get back on track - it’s fucking ridiculous - seriously, we’re like brothers you and me. You have to know I never took that money. 56
113) 3) dialog: My parents are splitting up. My dad gambled all their savings away.
113) 5) dialog: Yeah well I’m not sure my mom would agree. Anyway, fuck them - that’s their business. Not what I wanted to talk about - let’s get some fucking drinks. Warren leaves Eric alone in the booth. Eric fiddles with beer mat.
115) 0) text: Warren returns with a pitcher of beer.
115) 1) dialog: Before I tell you what I’m going to tell you I need to ask you something deadly serious. I’m not fucking around.
115) 4) dialog: The only other person who knows about this is Spencer. After I tell you about this there will be no going back so if you think you might not want to know you better tell me now and we’ll never say another word about it.
115) 6) dialog: What I’m going to tell you could be life- changing and I need to know if you’re in or you’re out - this is not some frat shit - it will make that shit look like child's play. It may have serious consequences.
115) 8) dialog: I need you to say in principal. It would be something not exactly legal and we might have to leave the country very fucking fast and we might have to leave a lot of the people we love behind and so I need to know if this is something you would consider. You're either in or you're out. FREEZE PICTURE - prelap (V.0O.) cut to:
117) 0) text: Eric thinks and Warren waits for an answer. Suddenly:
117) 2) dialog: (finding this funny) No we wouldn't have to go tonight, are you kidding?
118) 1) dialog: Fridays are the quietest days both in terms of students and staff. Between the hours of 8am and 12pm there is a total of nine members of staff on duty - this includes: 5 librarians - three situated at the issue desk, 2 in the office, one on the reference...
120) 1) dialog: (speaking Eric’s words) They already think we have the books - now all we gotta do is steal ‘em.
122) 0) text: The top shot of the hands, the paper and the dots of pigm we can now just about begin to make out a barely identifi image made up of hundreds of tiny points of colour. INT. WARREN’S BEDROOM - DAY. The three lads are standing staring at something - their of Warren's Heist Wall, which by now has grown in size an detail. There are pictures of the exits, the parking lot, various members of staff - all connected by an elaborate series of pins, arrows and coloured string that seems dev of any obvious logic.
122) 2) dialog: Yeah well it has a logic to me.
123) 0) text: Eric and Spencer are lying on their stomachs overlooking library. Eric is looking through the binoculars, behind h Warren is walking precariously around the roof ledge like tightrope walker.
123) 3) dialog: Do what?
123) 7) dialog: I’m taking notes - you know, minutes.
124) 1) dialog: I was grateful for Eric’s input - he has a real head for logistics but as I saw it this was my deal. I brought him in and I figured ultimately, I already kind of had a plan.
126) 6) dialog: OK good. I would concur with that. Spence you need to get inside the Safety Department Office and see who’s got eyes on the library. Eric rolls his eyes.
128) 0) text: Spencer slides into the back seat. Warren and Eric are in front.
128) 1) dialog: Well? Did you get in the room?
132) 3) dialog: I guess it is sir.
132) 6) dialog: Yes sir it does.
132) 8) dialog: No sir.
132) 10) dialog: Actually, things aren’t going so well at home at the moment sir.
132) 12) dialog: (inaudibly) The sack 67
132) 15) dialog: Well sir. I’ve worked my ass off to get on that team since I was about five, and you know what? I have zero idea why. To be honest sir, I think you and this whole place are the real disappointment. The Dean cocks his head - fairly sure he’s misheard this.
133) 0) text: The same top shot of the hands, the paper and the dots of pigment - hundreds of tiny points of colour - the suggest of an eye. INT. BUNGALOW - WARREN’S BASEMENT - DAY We find Warren sitting alone - the Heist Wall behind him the debris of a man with no better place to be. He sits smoking and drinking whisky from a crystal tumbler, on th is the scene from the Thomas Crown affair in which Steve McQueen is sat in a palatial Manhattan office telephoning members of his criminal gang and telling them: “Go”. He s to come to a snap decision, reaches for the TV remote, hi mute, picks up the phone and dials.
133) 1) dialog: Hello, could you please put me through to the library... um, yeah the main library, Special Collections Room please....
134) 0) text: Spencer plays pinball whilst Warren stands next to him. 68
134) 1) dialog: And you know what craziest bit of it is? You can actually request them to have the books laid out for you when you arrive for an appointment - they actually get them ready for you.
134) 3) dialog: I made an appointment.
134) 5) dialog: I made an appointment - I used your name and I said we wanted to view the Audubons and you wanted to bring a friend. Spencer stops what he’s doing and turns to look at Warren is more concerned about Spencer taking his eye off the pinball machine - he notices that Spencer is irritated. ACTOR WARREN (CONT’D) It’s time man. It’s time. CLOCK - the one we saw in the opening sequence - striking
137) 1) dialog: The cameras aren’t cameras - they’re motion detectors - they are here and here and they aren’t on during the day. And back here...
140) 1) dialog: Wow, and so after the Audubon, which are the next most valuable in the collection? Bet everyone asks that, huh?
141) 0) text: As before, Warren is as focused as we’ve seen him - he po to the relevant locations on the model.
141) 1) dialog: And back here, my furry friends is the staff elevator. (stroking the model elevator) Ah, sweet, sweet elevator - let me inside you.. What do you fucking know? An elevator which goes directly to the basement from where we can gain access to the fire exit at the rear of the building.
142) 0) text: BJ is touring Warren around the museum proudly pointing o the books of greatest significance:
143) 1) dialog: The books will be laid out for us here and here. We will ask for the two Audubons - the most valuable books in the collection - to be on display for us when we arrive. The other books we are going to take are in the cases here and here. They will be locked. 71
145) 0) text: We are inside the scale model at ground level - Warren is full flow - as he speaks we see the figurines which repre each of them manipulated by giant fingers - like a puppet show in which the figurines are the ones doing the talkin
145) 1) dialog: BJ needs to be brought down hard and fast - she has to become a non-factor as soon as the other member of staff is out of sight. She is the single biggest risk to us. Angle on Figurine Warren. ACTOR WARREN (CONT’D) We bring her down here maybe with a tazer - we tie her and gag her and put her over here where she can’t be seen from the doorway. As Warren describes this we see short steadicam sequences which we see precisely what he envisages executed with military precision.
146) 0) text: Warren (dressed in a sharp suit) is let into the room, ma Clooney-esque pleasantries - BJ turns her back on him and one deft movement Warren grabs her and tazers her, catche her neatly as she falls and then glides with her around t corner laying her down out of sight. He gags her gently w her own neckerchief, zip-ties her hands and feet like a p and lays a blanket over her.
146) 2) dialog: When that’s done we take her swipe card from her and let the others into the room...
147) 0) text: One camera movement - Warren removes BJ's electronic key which is attached to her belt - as he moves toward the gl doors we find Spencer and Eric arriving right on time - Warren swipes the keypad and Spencer pirouettes into the holding the door for Eric - it’s like Seal Team 6 meets t Bolshoi.
147) 1) dialog: .»+-once in the room Eric and I will put the books in the sheets, open the cases and fill the bags. Spencer you’1ll call the elevator and put the smaller Illuminated manuscripts and the Darwin in your backpack.
147) 5) dialog: You bring in one more person and that’s almost ten percent less per person - that’s a lot - that’s like a million dollars less each.
151) 5) dialog: Eric - Mr Black, Spencer - Mr Green, Mr Yellow is me and Chas - Mr Pink.
151) 9) dialog: (enjoying this) Relax Mr Pink - this is just a protocol and if we need to address each other during the robbery or on walkie-talkies this is safer.
151) 13) dialog: House-keeping first. Mr Green - you will see to the disguises, make up, prosthetics, outfits and wigs...
153) 1) dialog: ...Mr Black - your first job is to find a reliable gettaway vehicle which you will purchase using cash and a fake ID...
153) 2) text: INT. WARREN'S DEN -DAY (CONT’D)
153) 3) dialog: .-..a ford or similar - blue or silver - nothing flashy. Mr Pink, your first task is to identify the quickest route from the library to the drop-off point here... He points to a map on the wall marked with a red X.
153) 5) dialog: ..-and then practice it over and over again until it becomes second nature.
155) 0) text: Camera tracks along a row of students busily working away their PCs - it passes across an older student with a bear and sunglasses - the camera stops on the next student the backs up one to the student in the shades. It’s Warren - he types, the e-mail he is writing types out on screen:
155) 11) dialog: Mr Yellow, that’s me of course, I will make the appraisal appointment for the weekend immediately after the robbery...
156) 1) dialog: ..+-meaning that even if the books are reported missing, they won’t yet show up on the national index of stolen art. The three lads nod approvingly. ACTOR WARREN (CONT’D) I vote the robbery take place on the penultimate day of finals. That’s eight days from now. The library will be almost empty as everyone will be in their final exams.
156) 5) dialog: (smugly) Exactly.
156) 7) dialog: I mean who’s going to suspect a group of robbers who happened to be sat in exams that day? The boys absorb this thought.
160) 3) dialog: (annoyed) Hey. What’s the story dude?
160) 5) dialog: What happened?
160) 7) dialog: Ok, relax, sit down.
160) 9) dialog: First of all you’ve seen how easy this is going to be. This is literally taking candy -
160) 11) dialog: But it is - and so what’s the worst thing that’s gonna happen? No one’s getting hurt. No one’s getting caught. I mean this is in our hands. How it ends is up to us - it’s ours to decide-
160) 13) dialog: Which future are you worrying about? The one which is indistinguishable from everyone else’s out there? Or the one which isn’t written yet - where anything could happen... (MORE )
160) 15) dialog: Isn’t this is the ultimate creative act - we are shaping our existences not having them shaped for us. Who’s to say this isn’t a work of art?
160) 17) dialog: You really want to come this far and not find out what happens next? I can’t promise you everything’s going to be fine. It will but I can’t promise you that. What I can promise you is that one way or another, this will change everything.
164) 0) text: Warren is with Spencer sorting through kit. He is checkin items off against a list.
164) 1) dialog: Zip ties
164) 3) dialog: Duct tape
164) 5) dialog: Gloves
164) 7) dialog: Tazer
164) 9) dialog: Fuck! Fuck, it never showed up. I ordered it and it never showed up. I completely forgot about it. Motherfucker!
164) 11) dialog: We need to find a tazer, where are we going to get a tazer?
164) 13) dialog: Shit. We’re gonna have to do make-up later. Warren begins manically packing the kit into black holdal
168) 3) dialog: How long would that disable someone for?
171) 0) text: As per the opening - We see paraphernalia strewn around a sink - tweezers, glue, makeup, a pair of glasses, a fake beard - short clumps of hair fall into the sink. 90 The camera pans up to find Warren in the process of turni himself into an old man. He inserts a blue contact lens. Spencer bursts in sweaty and anxious.
171) 14) dialog: Where the fuck is Eric?
174) 2) dialog: Ready?
175) 2) dialog: Like clockwork. Let’s go. They leave the house and we follow them closely down the as the van pulls up directly in front. They open the door get in without a word spoken.
177) 0) text: Spencer and Warren are in the back while Chas drives. 93
177) 1) dialog: Dude can’t you go any faster this is killing me.
179) 2) dialog: What?
180) 2) dialog: You got the thing? 94
180) 4) dialog: Just stick to the plan. Let’s do this. As they turn to go we follow them around the side of the and track behind them toward the steps of the library. The ticking builds and tension grows - they attempt to wa like old men - Eric has a walking stick. We feel the rush blood pumping in our ears, heartbeats pounding, noises distorted, everything a little off - a feeling of light- headed dissociation. We track up the steps to the doors o the library and through them into:
181) 0) text: We are as one of the group - still one shot - the camera moves around them - we are back where the picture froze p TITLE but this time we push on - we spin round to see the POV - a silent room full of students and librarians who s start to become aware of them. Eric is aware that one of sideburns is peeling off. Spencer goes to take his place lookout on a bench near the door where he pretends to rea newspaper. He can see people staring at him curiously - o is the HOT GIRL from his History of Art Class who makes a puzzled narrowing of the eyes. Spencer’s heart skips a be Warren heads for the stairs - Eric positions himself at t bottom of the stairs facing the front desk, Chas begins t follow Warren up the stairs some distance behind - they m as old men. Warren nears the top of the stairs - as the special collections section comes into view, through the glass doors he can see BJ but she is not alone - there ar three other women sat at a table clearly mid-meeting. War freezes. His POV - BJ sees him frozen on the stairs. A we long beat as they look at one another.
183) 1) dialog: Fuck.
184) 0) text: Warren turns around and starts heading back down the stai At the bottom Spencer sees him and begins to stand up. On way down he passes Chas who is walking up the staircase slowly using the handrail still in character. Behind Warr we can see BJ making her way toward the glass doors.
184) 1) dialog: (a loud whisper) Abort! Abort!
184) 3) dialog: Turn around now - abort. Seeing Warren and Chas hurriedly descend, Eric breaks character and starts walking toward them carrying his wal stick. Students are watching. They all meet near the bott of the stairs. ACTOR WARREN (CONT’D) There’s like four of them up there - we need to abort.
184) 7) dialog: We’re not going to tie up four fucking librarians!
186) 0) text: Noisy and claustrophobic - The boys are back in the van stripping off their disguises. Chas is driving. Warren is crestfallen, the others deflated, Spencer, relieved.
186) 2) dialog: I did make an appointment - I don’t control who else gets to be in the goddam room! Chas breaks sharply and turns round to address the others
187) 0) text: Warren wearing half his disguise is talking on the paypho using a Tony Curtis voice that is as unconvincing as his disguise. 97
187) 1) dialog: (on phone) Miss Gooch, it’s Walter Beckman, I do apologize, I was supposed to be with you at 12:30 today and I’m afraid I was unavoidably held up and didn’t have your number to hand. Would you mind terribly if we rearranged?
188) 0) text: From darkness the door slides open revealing Warren stand there grinning.
188) 1) dialog: Tomorrow at llam. In the back of the van we see Spencer’s face - a look of dread.
189) 4) dialog: Fine. 98 Spencer nods, sits in silence for a moment then leaves.
192) 1) dialog: (beat) ...We had failed to even fail. What can be worse than that?
193) 0) text: Spencer slows and finally stops running, out of breath he holds his knees. He looks around becoming aware of where is and then he sees something. His POV - in the halflight the road stands a blue heron, a bird that we recognize fr the Audubon book in the library. The two stare at one ano before the bird walks away into the darkness. INT. WARREN’S DEN - NIGHT The boys are attempting to regroup without Spencer. A diagram. Chas is taking control - explaining things in fr of the Heist Wall - walking through the stages of a new p using Spencer’s scale model. Eric and Warren look uncoonvinced. Suddenly, they hear something and stop. Silence. Then Spencer appears, says nothing but takes his place among them. Nothing said, Warren smiles and they continue. 99
197) 0) text: The sliding door opens and Warren and Eric climb out - it different set up - Warren has died his hair blond. He wea suit and looks focussed. Eric is dressed normally - not a word is spoken. They wear backpacks and clutch black hold alls and walk up the steps of the library. Here we make a radical tonal shift to what has gone before - it’s handhe ungraded, raw as video, there’s no music and no cuts - it hard to watch.
198) 0) text: Warren signs in and is told to wait - it seems like a lon time. 100 BJ appears and escorts him up the stairs making small tal which we can barely hear. She seems more kindly than we remember her. She punches the code and opens the door. It slow, awkward, claustrophobic. Warren is sweating, he fol her in, he fumbles in his bag for the tazer, he finds it to talk. FREEZE PICTURE.
198) 1) dialog: I couldn’t do it...
199) 1) dialog: .-.-I felt so fucking alone up there. I wanted to run away. The plan was for me to tie her up but I couldn't.
201) 0) text: Warren is standing pretending to look at the Audubon.
201) 1) dialog: (mouth dry) Would it be alright if a friend of mine joined us? He’s just downstairs and I know he'd love to see this.
201) 3) dialog: (on phone) Would you like to come up now?
203) 0) text: Warren puts the phone down, swallows and makes his best effort to smile at BJ who is busy filing index cards. Before long Eric appears at the door - he sees BJ and immediately looks at Warren. FREEZE PICTURE
205) 0) text: Warren saying nothing at all - he looks at the floor.
206) 0) text: Eric shoots Warren a look somewhere between confusion and irritation.
206) 6) dialog: Quit struggling BJ, we're not here to hurt you, we're here for the books, you're going to be O.K. Zip tie her legs. 102
206) 7) dialog: ZIP TIE HER FUCKING LEGS! BJ don’t move, this will all be over in a second. Oh Jesus.
208) 2) dialog: Just get the small ones first and put them in the backpacks. Warren takes the keys from BJ, gets up and begins to look around frenetically for the smaller books - he finds the Origin of Species and an Illustrated Manuscript and place them roughly in the backpack along with a couple of other pulls from one of the cabinets. Eric is frozen, anxiously watching the door. ACTOR WARREN (CONT’D) Move! They place one of the Audubons on top of a sheet on the f and begin to wrap it. ACTOR WARREN (CONT’D) Get the other one.
208) 4) dialog: We have to - just get the other one! Quick! Eric places the other huge Audubon on top of the first an wraps them in the sheet - it looks too heavy to carry. 103 ACTOR WARREN (CONT’D) OK call the elevator. Let’s get out of here. Eric repeatedly presses the button to call the staff elevator. He runs over to Warren - they put the backpacks holdalls on their backs and together lift the books wrapp in sheets - each taking one end. It’s very heavy. The elevator arrives - they struggle in holding the books.
209) 1) dialog: Hit B man, hit B, hurry up! Eric pulls free his left hand, supporting the books on hi knee - he reaches out and accidentally hits both buttons and 1 at the same time - oh shit - the doors close. The elevator begins to descend they watch the lights as 2 goe off and 1 illuminates. They exchange a look. They feel th elevator come to a halt at floor 1.
209) 3) dialog: Shit! Shit - press the door-close button. Press it! Eric presses the button but the door opens anyway onto th first floor of the library exposing the boys to the entir ground floor. A FEMALE LIBRARIAN about 25 yards away stationed behind the front desk looks in their direction frown begins to form on her face and as she begins to tur their direction the doors close. Eric is frantically pres the button marked ‘B’. Finally the doors open to the basement. It’s dark and hard to make out.
209) 5) dialog: Wait here. Keep the door open. Warren rushes out into the dark room. ACTOR WARREN (CONT’D) Fuck - I can’t see shit! In the darkness we follow him around as he bumps into thi and desperately searches for an exit or even a light swit It’s hard to make out anything. Rising panic - a headless chicken. He returns to the elevator. 104
209) 7) dialog: We’re gonna have to make a run for it - press 1. They get back in the lift - time seems to slow down - eventually the elevator doors open onto the ground floor the librarian is nowhere to be seen. ACTOR WARREN (CONT’D) Quick, quick - let’s go. The fire exit! As they shuffle out of the elevator Eric turns around to forward so they can run whilst still carrying the books - they head for the fire exit like some crazed four legged animal - they start to make their way down the stairs - a handful of students have stood up to see what the cause o the commotion is. They descend the stairs at dangerous sp suddenly the most ghastly inaudible cry from behind them. FEMALE LIBRARIAN - large, incensed and apparently fearles chasing them screaming.
210) 0) text: Chas’s POV as the boys burst out of the exit and scramble Warren takes off in the opposite direction and Eric stand scanning for the gettaway car.
211) 7) dialog: Just fucking drive. Chas hits the breaks too late as they reach the main stre the van flies out into the traffic, tires screeching as h narrowly avoids hitting a car - two cars behind collide w one another.
212) 1) dialog: What the hell had we just done?
213) 0) text: Eric is freaking out, Warren is covered in puke and Chas driving like a lunatic. Distant sirens. Eric and Warren g in the back of the van and immediately begin changing int different set of clothes and bagging up their old ones.
213) 1) dialog: Slow down man you’re going to kill us all.
213) 7) dialog: I have something. Warren reaches into his backpack and pulls out the illuminated manuscript from 1425, a set of the two-volume 15th-century masterpiece, Hortus Sanitatis and Audubon's Synopsis of the Birds of North America. ACTOR WARREN (CONT’D) (to Eric) Dude, what’s in your bag? Eric realises he’s still got the hold-all on his back - h takes it off, opens it and pulls out On the Origin of Spe by Means of Natural Selection by Charles Darwin.
217) 0) text: Warren and Eric are on the wrong side of town - they sit waiting with the backpacks at their feet. They become awa of a group of thugs paying an interest in them from the p of a nearby house so they start walking. Eventually Chas pulls alongside them in his car - they get in.
219) 0) text: Chas pulls up at a recycling dump where he and Warren dispense of the bags, their clothes, the tazers, gloves, 108
222) 0) text: Warren dyes his hair back from blonde to dark - he pauses look at himself in the mirror.
222) 5) dialog: Highly professional - you hear that?
222) 10) dialog: They've got nothing! Seriously. If they had something they’d be putting out photo- fits - they don’t even know how many of us were in the van!
222) 14) dialog: (reading aloud) -.."not one of our domestic animals can be named which has not in some country drooping ears; and the view which has been suggested that the drooping is due to disuse of the muscles of the ear, from the animals being seldom much alarmed, seems probable”. Far out. D’you understand what this means dude? 110
222) 16) dialog: Exactly, it’s not just pets - it’s us. we're so used to being spoon fed that our muscles have withered - our brains have withered. We're alive but we’ve forgotten why.
225) 2) dialog: Chas you’re the one who’s worked at an auctioneers - you know more about this shit than any of us.
225) 4) dialog: Well Spencer’s the only one who knows about the books so he has to go and if you're not gonna man-up for it Chas then I'll fucking do it.
225) 6) dialog: I handled the Danish dudes, I think I can handle some suits man. Hey, does anyone know how you tie a tie?
226) 0) text: Partly REAL CCTV - classical music, a marble-floored foye with tastefully decorated Christmas Tree, a Modigliani, a large uniformed doorman and an attractive receptionist. Spencer and Warren sit fidgeting in silence.
226) 2) dialog: (a half whisper) Just how we planned it eh brother. Here we are - just you and me. (MORE )
226) 4) dialog: Did you ever think you would be sat right here, right now... An officious and attractive young woman in a red suit, MELANIE HALLORAN, approaches them - professional and hard read.
226) 6) dialog: (standing up) Good to meet you Miss Halloran, I’m Jesse Stephens he’s Spencer Williams. Spencer shoots Warren a look.
226) 8) dialog: The only thing is Melanie, that the man we work for, Mr Beckman, is very particular and specifically requested that we meet with Mr Leckey - is he likely to be back today?
227) 1) dialog: (all smiles) Well I guess we should go ahead with you then. MELANIE HALLORAN INTERVIEW SETUP.
228) 2) dialog: Well, Mr Beckman inherited the books some years ago and now wishes to realise their value through a private sale. That’s really all the information he gave us.
228) 8) dialog: Well, you see, we were kind of hoping to be able to supply Mr Beckman with an estimate today.
228) 14) dialog: (realising what they’ve done) Yeah, we maybe shouldn't have given them your cell number. Chas explodes
228) 19) dialog: Just calm down man - there’s nothing...
228) 22) dialog: Gun?! There was never a gun. I have no memory of Chas ever pulling a gun. I feel like I would definitely remember that.
233) 0) text: Warren’s Grandparents 60th anniversary party. He wears th same blue suit he wore to Christies - he looks around at the elderly people with liver spots and shaky hands - his grand parents exchange a gummy kiss and everyone cheers. INT. CHAS’ HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - DAY Chas on his exercise bike, lifting weights whilst watchin the final scene from the Asphalt Jungle - in which the fatally wounded hero returns home to breathe his last bre in a sun-drenched meadow near where he was born - Kentuck INT. WARREN’S DEN - NIGHT Slow push in on a pile of books wrapped in a sleeping bag underneath Warren's bed.
239) 0) text: Spencer is running down the street in a robe, slippers an pajamas. He arrives at the bungalow and begins knocking o Warren’s basement window. He (and we) get a terrible frig as he spins round to find Warren standing behind him with baseball bat.
239) 1) dialog: What the fuck are you doing - you scared the shit out of me.
239) 3) dialog: What are you talking about?
243) 0) text: Warren is leaving the house - he becomes aware of a garde on the opposite side of the street, a bin man, a man ina passing car - all of whom, in his mind, seem to be watchi him. He breaks into a run.
246) 0) text: Tinny elevator music - row upon row of product - endless iterations of the same thing in different packaging. We reveal this to be Warren’s POV. - he is perusing almost deserted supermarket aisles without purpose - he wheels a empty trolly through a technicolor corridor of breakfast cereal.
248) 0) text: Warren is placing some objects in his shopping trolley - quintessentially American junk food, cheese wizz, hot pockets, a ‘hungry man’ ready meal proudly advertising it contents ‘a full pound of food’. He opens the frozen meal freezer, pulls out a box of Chicken Alfredo, scans the ingredients - his POV - a litany of e-numbers, xantham gu msg and stabilizers. He looks around before stashing it u his coat. INT. SPENCER’S ACURA LEGEND - NIGHT Snow has begun to fall - Spencer is at the wheel. As he drives we see his POV - the snow lit up by his headlights falling harder now - hard to see too far ahead - reminisc of a year ago. Angle on Spencer driving - suddenly he clo his eyes. 122
249) 0) text: Warren pushes his shopping trolley down an empty aisle of supermarket then shoves it and watches it drift away on i own - he turns and walks past the cashiers toward the exi clutching the stolen ready meal under his coat. As he nea the exit he hears:
250) 0) text: Warren begins to run. He turns to throw the ready meal at pursuing security guard who bats it away and tackles him as he gets outside the automatic doors of the store. Warr pinned to the snowy ground looks into camera. INT. CHAS’ BEDROOM - NIGHT Eric bursts in on Chas who startles and reaches for the g that he has on the desk, fumbles it and sends it flying across the desk and out of the open window.
251) 1) dialog: Fuck, you scared the shit out of me.
251) 3) dialog: Yeah, it was a misunderstanding - they let me go.
251) 6) dialog: “Tell them it’s fear of the sack. Tell them this man is fleeing St Louis because he suspects the sack is coming down on him and it’s full of something ugly... 124 INT. SPENCER'S DORMROOM - NIGHT. Spencer lies in bed staring at the ceiling.
251) 7) dialog: ..-and he doesn’t want to be put in with it. He senses it from afar...
252) 1) dialog: ...this man is not a model youth. He grew up with two toilets and a football... INT. ERIC’S BEDROOM - NIGHT. Eric is propped up in bed attempting to stay awake but sl dropping off.
252) 2) dialog: .--but somewhere along the line he got warped. Now all he wants is Out, Flee...
253) 1) dialog: .---and he doesn’t give a good shit for St. Louis or his friends or his family or anything else... INT. CHAS’ BEDROOM - NIGHT Chas lies asleep with a gun in his hand resting on his ch
253) 2) dialog: .--he just wants to find some place where he can breathe... INT. WARREN’S DEN - NIGHT Warren is dropping off - his eyes closing slowly...
253) 3) dialog: (drowsily) some place where he can breathe... Is that good enough for you?” Warren falls asleep and as his arm drops to his side and book falls to the floor - we JUMP OUT OF OUR SKIN at the sound of an almighty crash as we smash cut to: 125
254) 0) text: The splintering of wood as the front door bursts open followed by torchlight and shouting raking the interior o the house as the FBI flood through doors and windows. The action slows to slo-mo and slower still - sync-sound drops away as Offenbach’s Barcarolle (or the like) swells we see the boys awaken rudely to the reality of what’s happening around them. Eric attempts to climb out his win onto the roof where he is met with spotlights and threats lie down with his hands on his head, Chas reaches for his and finds himself at the top of the stairs facing a screa FBI agent pointing a shotgun at him. Another housemate an his girlfriend awake naked, terrified and bewildered. At Transy campus Spencer's dorm is raided - he sits up in be with a look of mild relief on his face. Warren awakes in basement where beams of white torch light pierce the floorboards. He sits up in bed and listens to the mayhem above - then lies back down. We are high and wide pushing on Warren as he stares calmly up at us until he is finall found - lit up by torchlight and then dragged roughly fro frame. BLACK. We see REAL NEWS ARCHIVE from the arrest.
258) 0) text: The scene from Spencer's POV of the man with the scarf an pony tail - reverse on Spencer - his POV - suddenly it’s man with the white hair that Warren described - reverse o Spencer again frowning slightly - his POV again and there no one there just Warren waiting by the hot dog stand.
259) 0) text: We see Warren hugging Spencer goodbye as we did before - walks off into the airport and the camera cranes up to th upper level - arrivals - where Warren emerges and jumps i taxi. 127
260) 0) text: Warren enters the cafe where he met the shady dealers - h looks around but this time they’re not there. He sits dow fires up a joint and orders pancakes.
262) 0) text: We see what seems like b-roll from Warren's interview - a lovable, mischievous and unknowable as ever.
266) 7) dialog: We were the one percent. One percent white in a black and Latino jail. One percent rich and one percent educated. But in there it didn’t count for shit. (MORE )
266) 9) dialog: I feel like it’s not until you lose everything that maybe you begin to find something. I opened a portal and I walked through it.