14) 0) text: 15 The FRIENDSHIP bobbing on its pontoons. Bill and Slim are off-loading equipment and other gear from the plane to a TUGBOAT filled with support crew and family. The plane's engines REV in the predawn stillness. PULL BACK to see... 1
16) 7) text: She enters the hotel dining room. Stops cold. Across the room a disgruntled Bill and a sheepish Slim stare at her their breakfast, surrounded by 15 REPORTERS and PHOTOGRAPHERS. Holy shit. Half a dozen CAMERAS RISE as on It is a defining moment. And Amelia... Cocks her head.      Throws an effortless golden smile.
16) 25) text: The boys ROAR, Slim louder than anyone. Even Bill cracks smile. They're shouting, teasing, YOU CAN'T KID US!
20) 0) text: Bill, Slim and three of the REPORTERS are drinking up a storm.
23) 0) text: 24 Amelia in her flight gear, sitting on the edge of her bed open TELEGRAM lies beside her. Her elbows rest on her kne Her hands are locked together. Her profile is stony, determined. TILT DOWN to the telegram... It reads:    WEATHER PERMITTING, MABEL FLIES THIS AFTERNO She grabs her flight bag, leaves the room. She only has t travel as far as the next door. POUNDS on it. Waits. Pounds LOUDER with both fists. Slim opens the door.      Looking bad.   Bill sits up in groggy, disoriented.
23) 20) text: Go. Now! Slim pulls on his shoes, grabs his jacket, his bag. Looks to Bill, but the pilot is glaring at his commander.
23) 28) text: A beat. Slim goes, the door shuts quietly.     Amelia sit the edge of Bill's bed.
24) 0) text: It's dark and cold. Bill and Amelia stand at the dock bes their plane. He's drinking coffee as they watch Slim come down the quay with a slip of paper in his hand. Amelia st forward to take it. Reads with neutral eyes.
24) 2) text: She still hasn't given the paper to Bill. Slim steps onto pontoon. Starts CRANKING up the propellers. As the engine KICKS to life...
24) 16) text: She motions to Slim, get on board. The navigator grins, starts to climb up, looking back at Bill...
24) 17) dialog: Hey, I'm scared shitless of this dame.
27) 0) text: 28 Amelia kneels at the tiny window. A kid on a rainy day. Only outside this window is impenetrable FOG and a STORM ROCKS the plane like the shock waves of endless explosion As she braces herself against the hull... ...water DRIPS onto her from a loose seam. Could this be dangerous? She looks around. Through the opening between the elliptical fuel tanks... ...Bill and Slim at the controls. Bill is banging on something beside the instrument panel. Beneath his seat, sees the TOOLBOX. The water drips on her faster. She craw forward toward the boys, arriving to see... ...Bill POUNDING what we can now see is his RADIO.   His is red, angry. She watches for a beat.
29) 40) text: She glances over to Slim, who is busy unwrapping a sandwi She can't believe this. He takes a healthy bite.
30) 0) text: 31 The little plane sputtering, shuddering, as Bill drops in a splashdown. We PAN to the shore... ...a rural railroad dock. Deserted except for THREE WORKE who glance up as the Friendship taxis to a buoy a few hun yards offshore. Amelia at the hatch, tiny in distance, WA a towel... ...one friendly worker takes off his coat and WAVES back. Then all three guys go back to work. SNAP TO... REVERSE ANGLE. From the Friendship, we watch the workers ignoring us. Bill and Slim HOLLER and jump up and down on the pontoons. Nobody cares. Amelia sits in the doorway, h legs swinging free.
30) 16) text: Goes back to work.    DISSOLVE TO... LATER. Amelia sits with her papers in her lap, dangling h feet from the hatch. Alone. Hear the BUZZ of... ...a PLANE dropping slowly from the sky, gliding onto the water on its pontoons. She stares at it. Gathers up her things. LATER. Amelia sitting in a tiny dinghy, behind her the Friendship in distance. She is being rowed to shore. Our VIEW is over the back of the man rowing. Amelia is starin past him, vaguely apprehensive. REVERSE ANGLE. She's looking at TWO THOUSAND WELSHMEN swarming the docks. You can't even see the sand. The crowd is silent and staring. No cheers. As if they we staring at an alien or an animal in the zoo. Bill and Sli help pull the dinghy to the rocky shore. But when Amelia jumps out, the crowd... . ..begins to soberly APPLAUD, and slowly CLOSES IN around her. At first she seems pleased, trying to shake every ha thrust toward her. She doesn't see that Bill and Slim hav been shunted to the back. Suddenly... ...people get BOLDER. CLAPPING her on the back, reaching TOUCH her, someone SNATCHES her scarf, she looks around frantically for Bill and Slim as... ...a SHERIFF and three DEPUTIES muscle their way to her u billy clubs to push people back. They surround Amelia, be to escort her to the station...
32) 0) text: 3 MOVIETONE NEWSREEL CONTINUES. The British press are gathe in a huge Victorian parlor. Dark woods, rich leather, a b of microphones, an electric expectancy... Bill and Slim stand next to a seated Amy.    Amelia steps the microphones...