17) 0) text: The ROAR of two off-road MOTORCYCLES tearing up the desert. BRET HALE (18) leads the way. A Kid Rock-punk with good looks and FU attitude. Seated behind him is ASHLEY PALMER (16). This milk-fed desert honey is a wannabe Britney Spears. LARRY (17) is the wiseacre on the other bike.
17) 5) dialog: Oh shit.
20) 4) dialog: Don't antagonize her, you guys.
20) 11) dialog: Can't you give 'em a break?
20) 13) dialog: But, Mom! Sam shoots his daughter an intimidating glance.
21) 0) text: Mike grins from the front seat as Ashley climbs in back.
21) 2) dialog: Shut up, dork.
23) 3) dialog: Do you get off on humiliating me?
23) 5) dialog: I'm just trying to have fun. Don't you remember what it's like to grow up here?
23) 11) dialog: You are so over protective. Mike and Ashley lip-sync along with Sam's response.
23) 13) dialog: You need to start trusting me.
23) 15) dialog: Why do you hate him so much?
23) 17) dialog: Maybe I want to stay. I could get pregnant by nineteen. Then divorce with a couple of kids I can't handle. Slap on a badge and be a trailer trash sheriff.
44) 21) dialog: Maybe you're not gay after all.
44) 26) dialog: You can't take your eyes off his butt.
44) 28) dialog: Relax, Mom. He's hot for an old guy. I can admit it. Why can't you? Sam watches Chris get into his truck. He gives her one last look before pulling out. Sam smiles with her daughter.
54) 2) dialog: Ladies first.
55) 0) text: Ashley turns on the shower, drops her robe, and climbs in.
56) 0) text: Ashley is surrounded by steam. She sings an edgy gangsta rap tune by NWA. Tres' bizarre, non? Shampoo lather cascades down her face. Her eyes close. She is oblivious to a small spider crossing a web in front of her. The spider gets clear as Ashley rinses off the soap. Ashley rubs conditioner into her hair. The lather builds. Covering her face. Forcing her eyes closed once more. The spider returns across its web right in front of her eyes. The water stops. Ashley reaches for the showerhead blindly knocking the spider off its web. She feels no water coming out, and fumbles for a washcloth. Reaching with eyes closed, she can't see the little spider has landed on top of the cloth. As Ashley retrieves it, the spider scurries onto its opposite side. Ashley wipes the soap off her face. The spider rides the washcloth and moves toward her hand. Before it can strike, Ashley gets her eyes clear and drops the cloth. The cloth lands on the floor atop the spider. As the beast stares out from under it, barefoot Ashley steps on the cloth. Crushing the spider without ever knowing it was there.
89) 0) text: A dingy collection of buildings surrounded by dunes and rock. The structures have boarded windows. Graffiti on the walls. Teenagers hang out. Off-road motorcycles parked nearby. Bret Hale's monster truck does donuts in the parking lot. Ashley hangs out the passenger window shrieking with glee.
90) 0) text: Bret smokes a Phillies Blunt as he donuts his TRUCK. Ashley laughs hysterically. Bret steers them around to the back of the truck stop. He SKIDS to a stop.
90) 1) dialog: Woo-hoo! Bret offers his stogie.    Ashley refuses.     Bret puffs away.
90) 2) dialog: Haven't you had enough of that?
90) 9) dialog: I don't know. I want to do something with my life, Bret. Help people. Maybe med school is still an option.
90) 11) dialog: Thanks, Mom. They kiss. Things head toward a serious        level of " down." Bret slides his hand up Ashley's        shirt. Ash gets into it. But then Bret slides his        hand toward buttons of her 501s. Ashley removes his        hand.
90) 12) dialog: Slow down... Bret persists.       Ashley climbs off of him.
90) 14) dialog: I do!
90) 16) dialog: I don't feel...
90) 21) dialog: I don't want to lose my virginity in the front seat of a monster truck.
90) 23) dialog: No... I guess... I'm just not ready.
90) 25) dialog: Then call them! Have a menage a trois!
90) 27) dialog: Please, Bret... Please don't... But Bret won't listen. Ashley isn't strong enough to fight him. She reaches into her purse and pulls out her stun gun. She rams it up in Bret's crotch and pulls the trigger. Bret howls like a baboon in a wood chipper. He spasmodically jerks off of Ashley and tumbles out the driver's side door.
91) 6) dialog: I told you to back off! Ashley closes the door of the truck and rolls up the windows. Bret is dazed as he gets to his feet. Then his eyes rack-focus to a nearby dune. A Rottweiler-sized jumping spider stands atop it. Two large eyes surrounded by six smaller orbs. Orange and black designs on its abdomen. Wiry hair. Dagger-sized fangs. Bret can't quite believe what he sees. Ashley STARTS the TRUCK.      This snaps Bret back to reality.
91) 8) dialog: Screw you, Bret. I'm going home. Bret sees the spider leisurely coming down off the dune. He runs over to the door of the pickup and tries to open it.
91) 10) dialog: I can't believe my mom was right about you. Do you know how embarrassing that is? Ashley starts to pull away.         Bret keeps banging on glass.
110) 0) text: Ashley watches TV. A doctor resuscitates a dying patient with CPR. The doctor counts as he pumps the man's chest.
110) 4) dialog: No.
110) 9) dialog: Don't worry about it.
110) 11) dialog: Nothing. Ashley starts crying. Sam goes to comfort her daughter. Chris stands by in shock. Watching, Upset.
110) 12) dialog: Nothing happened, alright! Ashley runs off to her room.       Sam follows. Chris stands alone for a beat. He walks to the kitchen and pulls a bottle of Vodka from the freezer. He puts the cold bottle against his head and neck. Trying to cool off. Mike bursts into the house carrying his piece of exoskeleton. He sees Chris opening the bottle of vodka.
113) 0) text: A melancholy N'SYNC ballad plays over a BOOM BOX. Ashley sits on her bed with her back to the open window. The sun setting in the distance. She rips up the photographs of Bret.
114) 0) text: Mike checks the phone. Still dead. He types at his computer, entering the specification of the piece of exoskeleton. A digital representation of a spider grows on his monitor screen. Showing Mike exactly how big the spider would be after shedding this skin. Mike is distracted by the LOUD MUSIC coming from Ashley's room.
115) 2) dialog: (sotto)
115) 3) text: Spider... Mike... Spider... Ashley sees her stun gun is on   the dresser. She lunges for it. She's almost got it.     The spider squirts two lines of gummy web at Ashley.    The glop hits her int he chest, carries her backward.    Glues her to the wall.
116) 0) text: Chris finishes   dressing. He faces Sam. There is an odd moment as they   find themselves standing close. If the circumstances   were different they'd probably end up kissing. And    then they hear ASHLEY'S bloodcurdling SCREAM.
117) 0) text: Mike pops out of his door. Sam and Chris run down the hallway. Sam yanks open the door to Ashley's room.
118) 0) text: Sam, Chris and Mike stand in the doorway staring at a giant spider menacing Ashley. The spitter fires another webby blast, sticking the girl's legs to the wall.
120) 0) text: Chris has the chair in one hand to fend off the spider. With the other hand he tries to get Ashley out of the webbing. Mike stands nearby reading from his Cassiopeia. MIKE
120) 2) dialog: No shit! The spider hits Chris's chair with a blast of webbing. The chair is blown from his hand, and stuck to the wall. Chris stands weaponless before the spider. ASHLEY
120) 3) text: Use my stun g... Ashley is nailed in the face with another blast of goo. Mouth sealed shut. Chris reaches under the bed and pushes it over on to the spitter. The spider leaps clear onto the wall.
122) 0) text: Chris puts himself between Ashley and the spider. He looks for a weapon. Lunges for the scissors, but the spitter nails him with a blast of glue. Chris is flung across the room and stuck to the wall by the sleeve of his shirt. He shrugs out of it and makes another grab for his scissors. He gets them.
123) 9) dialog: There aren't enough wine coolers in the world to calm me down!
123) 20) dialog: Outside?    You want to go outside?
124) 0) text: Chris and Sam open the front door of the house. looks one way. Chris the other. No giant spiders lurking about. Chris and Sam continue onto the lawn. Mike and Ashley watch from the safety of the doorway. They listen to the comforting SOUNDS OF a SUMMER NIGHT.
134) 2) text: The walls are concrete and the exits have steel gates. We could hold an entire army of giant spiders from inside. ASHLEY
138) 4) text: (to Ashley) Have you seen Bret? ASHLEY
140) 7) dialog: You dork! The group wheels at the MUFFLED SOUNDS. They see nothing. They hear another MUFFLED SCREAM, and the top of the spider's den pops up. Travis drags himself out of it.
141) 0) text: Chris and Sam and the kids lead just fifteen other survivors to the glass doors. The doors are locked. Wade pulls out a ring of fifty keys and fumbles with them desperately. ASHLEY
142) 8) dialog: Mom!
146) 5) dialog: They're gonna come in after us?
147) 10) dialog: You're not really going to get him bigger pants are you?
150) 0) text: Mike collects perfume. Packing it into his pockets like grenades. Ashley is nearby, checking out the lingerie.
150) 1) dialog: I didn't know you wore cologne.
150) 4) dialog: (holds up a teddy)
156) 2) text: Oh my God... Ashley screams in horror nearby.
156) 3) dialog: They're inside!
161) 0) text: Ashley and Mike are hiding.
161) 1) dialog: I can't stay in here! Ashley starts to move out   of the tube. She discovers th end has been covered with   web. She pushes it. Something on the other side pushes   back. Ashley scrambles back. Mike is already moving.    The kids flee through the tube to get away.
161) 2) dialog: What are they doing?
161) 6) dialog: Here! She starts down with Mike close behind. A large spider looms at the end. Ashley tries to arrest her slide. But it's no use. At the last second Sam's boot kicks the arachnid clear.
162) 0) text: Ashley and Mike pour out of the slide. Chris and Sam finish off the spider and then run with the kids. Emma runs parallel to them across the playground's sandbox. Only to be yanked under by a trapdoor spider. Hank sees this and goes after the spiders with all his tools. Getting revenge with a nail gun in each hand. HANK
164) 6) dialog: They're coming through the wall! The group tightens up. Back to back. Ready for the end. Suddenly a human hand punches through the wall.
164) 12) dialog: Don't waste your bullets. Wade embraces his son.
164) 15) dialog: Aren't the spiders in there?
167) 3) dialog: What are they?
169) 2) dialog: Ewww... what's that smell? The others are reacting strongly.
169) 7) dialog: What does that mean?
169) 19) dialog: Her breathing is shallow.       She's going into arrest. Ashley proceeds with CPR. Just like she saw on TV. Suddenly Gladys snaps out of it. Gasping for air.
169) 58) dialog: Bret! Ashley goes to his side.
172) 0) text: Mike helps Gladys up the tunnel. Sam and Ashley are behind. Suddenly a male tarantula steps out of the shadows, separating the groups.
175) 0) text: Sam and Ashley flee the male tarantula. Sam stumbles over something on the ground. It's Bret Hale's lost motorcycle. Ashley looks back and sees the tarantula coming after them.
175) 1) dialog: Hurry! Sam lifts the MOTORCYCLE upright and climbs on. She STARTS it and REVS the ENGINE. Ashley leaps aboard. Sam accelerates along the shaft, away from the spider. The bike's headlight illuminates their path. The male tarantula scurries after the bike. Sam rides the motorcycle along the shaft. Ashley hangs on tight. They've put some distance between themselves and the male tarantula. A dead-end looms before them. Ashley screams as her mom stops on a dime and does a 180. Sam rides back the way they came, heading straight toward the male tarantula. Ashley looks over her mother's shoulder at the giant spider coming in the opposite direction.
175) 2) dialog: Oh shit.
178) 0) text: Mike is at the generator as Sam and Ashley ride up on the motorcycle.
178) 2) dialog: Hurry!
180) 2) dialog: Hurry, Mom! Sam has dumped some fuel into the generator.   She tries to start it. It won't turn over.
182) 3) dialog: Yo, Mom! Sam turns as Ashley throws her the STUN GUN. Sam catches it and brings it down to the light bulb cable... ZAPPING it.
187) 0) text: Sam and Chris dive out of the mine opening. A pillar of flame shoots out behind them.   Ashley and Mike are nearby. The town is visible just a mile away.
190) 1) dialog: Earthquake! CHRIS