17) 0) text: The ROAR of two off-road MOTORCYCLES tearing up the desert. BRET HALE (18) leads the way. A Kid Rock-punk with good looks and FU attitude. Seated behind him is ASHLEY PALMER (16). This milk-fed desert honey is a wannabe Britney Spears. LARRY (17) is the wiseacre on the other bike.
17) 1) dialog: Hang on, babydoll!
20) 2) dialog: There is something very sexy about an older woman in uniform.
20) 9) dialog: I could always ride her from behind. Larry snickers.     Sam steels her rage.
20) 14) dialog: No sweat, babydoll.       We'll hook up later.
22) 0) text: Sam hands Bret the ticket.
22) 1) dialog: Larry, do we know anybody at City Hall who can mark this go away?
22) 6) dialog: Oh, yeah. (to Sam)
22) 9) dialog: Relax, bee-otch. It's all good. The punks remount their bikes.
89) 0) text: A dingy collection of buildings surrounded by dunes and rock. The structures have boarded windows. Graffiti on the walls. Teenagers hang out. Off-road motorcycles parked nearby. Bret Hale's monster truck does donuts in the parking lot. Ashley hangs out the passenger window shrieking with glee.
90) 0) text: Bret smokes a Phillies Blunt as he donuts his TRUCK. Ashley laughs hysterically. Bret steers them around to the back of the truck stop. He SKIDS to a stop.
90) 6) dialog: No such thing.     Norman's bud is da'kine. He coughs and they both laugh.
90) 7) dialog: When I medal at the X-Games, Honda will give me full sponsorship. Then I'll take you with me on the Supercross tour. Ashley is silent.
90) 8) dialog: Are you still thinking about going away?
90) 10) dialog: Not if you keep hanging out with me.
90) 13) dialog: I thought you loved me.
90) 15) dialog: Then what's the problem? You want to leave town. You don't want to make out.
90) 20) dialog: What?
90) 22) dialog: Why didn't you say so? We can go outside. I've got a blanket in the back.
90) 24) dialog: Tammy and Larry do it every night!
90) 26) dialog: Come on,   Ashley. Mommy's not around.    You don't have to play the good   girl. Let Daddy give you what you   really want. Bret goes after her once more.      Ashley's not into it.
91) 0) text: Bret twitches on the ground.
91) 1) dialog: My balls? Ahh! My balls! (looks down)
91) 7) dialog: Ashley, wait!
91) 9) dialog: Please!   Open the door!     I'm sorry!
91) 11) dialog: Open the door, baby!      I love you! I want to marry you!      Have my children! Please! Ashley flips him the bird and BURNS RUBBER. As the truck moves out of the way, Bret finds himself staring at several more jumping spiders that are methodically approaching. Bret sprints around to the other side of the truck stop.
92) 0) text: Bret runs from behind the building.    Larry Witzer and a bunch of other kids see him coming.
92) 3) dialog: Get out of here! They're coming!
92) 5) dialog: Ride! The kids scramble, leaping onto their bikes. One rider is picked off by a spider. The others kick up rooster tails as they accelerate away. The spiders chase them into the dunes.
96) 0) text: The TRUCK jack-knifes into a line of telephone poles. Knocking them over and rolling multiple times before EXPLODING. Several jumping spiders are caught in the blast. Bret Hale rides on with several more jumpers behind.
98) 0) text: Bret rides into a dead-end canyon with the spiders very close behind. Bret steers for the mouth of a hillside mine shaft.
100) 1) text: The phones went down for some reason. Maybe that's why Bret didn't call. Did you want to go ahead and order? WADE
109) 0) text: The sun hangs low in the sky.         Sam's cop car parks Bret's monster truck.
113) 0) text: A melancholy N'SYNC ballad plays over a BOOM BOX. Ashley sits on her bed with her back to the open window. The sun setting in the distance. She rips up the photographs of Bret.
138) 4) text: (to Ashley) Have you seen Bret? ASHLEY
164) 11) dialog: I didn't touch her!     I swear! Sam looks at Ashley.
164) 17) dialog: You're going back in there?!       Are you all crazy!?
164) 19) dialog: No way!   I'm not going! Bret is alone in the room as the upper DOOR IMPLODES and spiders flood downstairs. Bret dives through the opening.
165) 0) text: Bret runs past Sam and Chris. Sam FIRES her SHOTGUN at the first spider that enters the tunnel. Her GUN CLICKS DRY. She un-holsters her PISTOLS and FIRES.
167) 7) text: We can get out this way! BRET
169) 10) dialog: So the female's around here? Bret looks around nervously. The group moves closer. They sine their lights on a horrifying sight. Joshua's corpse is a deflated flesh balloon. Yellowed teeth sneer from a shattered skull. He's completely desiccated. Every ounce of liquid drained away. Mike hides his eyes.     Ashley comforts him.
169) 34) dialog: Nice work, Doc. Ashley acknowledges him. Bret chips gold with Wade. puts her hand on Ashley's shoulder.
169) 56) dialog: Dad! Bret reaches out toward his father. Wade reaches for him. Consuela's fangs suddenly protrude from Wade's chest and he's hauled backward. The tarantula flings Wade into the cave.
169) 59) dialog: I'm sorry I... Bret dies.     Sam drags Ashley away from him.
171) 0) text: Chris comes through with his light bulb fuse. Consuela and her babies are feasting on the bodies of Bret and Wade Hale. Chris finds a vent in the ground.       He sprinkles dust it to identify a faint draft.
175) 0) text: Sam and Ashley flee the male tarantula. Sam stumbles over something on the ground. It's Bret Hale's lost motorcycle. Ashley looks back and sees the tarantula coming after them.