14) 0) text: Rotten beams. Chipped walls. A GENERATOR POWERS a string of lightbulbs. A lone figure works at the end of the tunnel. CHRIS McCORMICK (30s) has rugged good looks. Weathered clothing. Dirt-stained face. Ripped muscles. Chris chips at the wall with his pickaxe. As it makes contact, the occasional spark flies up. Chris pauses to scrutinize the target area with his helmet-light. Something sneaks along the floor of the mine behind him. Chris is oblivious to his unseen stalker. He chips away a section of stone to reveal shiny minerals. Reflections of silver and gold splash across his face. His smile fades...
14) 1) dialog: Damn.
14) 5) dialog: Hope you like bologna!
24) 0) text: Chris drives into town with the RADIO ON. HARLAN (V.O.)
24) 1) text: ... for some down home talk back with our own mayor: Wade Hale. CHRIS
24) 4) text: Lucky? I think most of us are insulted that some outsiders think our town is a perfect place to dump toxic waste. CHRIS
25) 0) text: Chris's pickup approaches... The entire town is not much bigger than a few football fields. The kind of place where everybody has known each other since childhood. Some buildings date back to the 1880's gold rush. HARLAN (V.O.)
26) 0) text: Chris smiles as he listens to the RADIO.
35) 0) text: Chris slows to a stop in front of the McCormick and Son Mining Company. This stately edifice was once the driving force behind the local economy. WADE (V.O.)
35) 1) text: If Chris McCormick refuses to sell his mines. The rest of us are out of luck. Chris frowns.
40) 0) text: The locals watch Chris's pickup speed by.
41) 0) text: Floyd and Leroy watch Chris speed by.
42) 0) text: As Sam pulls into town. She sees Chris skid to a stop in front of Harlan's trailer. He leaps out of his pickup.
43) 0) text: Chris yanks the door open in time to hear...
43) 2) dialog: I've warned you not to talk about my family!
43) 4) dialog: My family built this town!
43) 10) dialog: Stay out of this, Sam! She manhandles Chris toward the door.
44) 0) text: Practically the entire town has gathered outside. Sam drags Chris through the door. Wade and Harlan are close behind.
44) 1) dialog: Did you hear what he said?
44) 6) dialog: Those mines are full of gas. One spark in the wrong place could blow this entire valley sky high. Do you really want to load that gun with toxic waste?
44) 11) dialog: How could they run tests? I didn't give them permission to go into the mines. Wade retreats toward his shiny new Hummer.
44) 12) dialog: I asked you a question, you greedy son of a bitch!
44) 15) dialog: You're taking his side?
44) 18) dialog: (sotto)
45) 3) dialog: He had it comin'. But Sam Palmer... That woman abuses her power.
45) 5) dialog: I'm not proud of it. Chris goes to a table and a map of the mines that honeycomb beneath the town. Many of them are marked "explored." Many aren't. Chris checks another tunnel off the list. He sniffs the air and glares at Gladys. Smoke rises out of her desk drawer. Gladys yanks it open and puts out the flame.
45) 9) dialog: I thought you were trying the patch.
46) 0) text: Chris enters the family living quarters. The furniture was new in 1947. He continues to the adjacent kitchen.
47) 0) text: Chris takes a beer out of the fridge. Then he notices an odd CLICKING. He tracks the sound to a stove burner permanently on "light." Chris moves to a fuse box in the adjacent hallway. He removes the fuse for the stove. The SPARKING STOPS. Chris sits at the table and has a cooling sip of beer. Gladys enters with a stack of bills.
47) 1) dialog: That burner's on the fritz again.
47) 4) dialog: (looks at bills)
47) 7) dialog: Yeah... Then a rat stole my lunch. I practically blew myself up trying to get it back.
47) 13) dialog: What are you saying?
47) 15) dialog: You of all people know how much my dad wanted to find that mother lode.
47) 17) dialog: And maybe you didn't know him so well after all. A tense beat.
47) 19) dialog: Don't give up on me, Gladys. I promised him I'd find the gold. And I will. Gladys steels her fear, patting Chris on the hand.
49) 1) text: No charges have been filed in yesterday's fracas between Chris McCormick and Wade Hale. And we've got... Joshua turns the radio down. He holds a tape measure to a glass spider tank, recording the size of an unseen arac. JOSHUA
51) 0) text: Ranch style.    Cop car in front.     Chris's pickup crui by.
52) 0) text: Chris drives past.    He catches sight of a figure in a window.
53) 0) text: Sam is brushing her teeth at the window as Chris drives by. They make eye contact. Chris moves on. Sam looks at herself in the mirror. Bathrobe. No makeup. Messy hair. Mouth full of toothpaste.
68) 0) text: Chris's pickup is parked outside another mine shaft.
69) 0) text: Chris works with   his pick-axe. He pauses, listening to DISTURBING NOISE   somewhere down the tunnel. A growl? A roar? Chris isn'   t so sure. And then a new sound... a SCREECHING. The    noise grows LOUDER. Something's coming Chris shines his light into the darkness. Trying to see what's causing the unsettling crescendo... Suddenly dozens of RATS burst from the darkness.
70) 0) text: Chris runs out the mouth of the tunnel. The rat stampede is on his tail. He leaps into the back of his pickup. The manic rodents continue off into the desert. Chris looks back toward the gaping mouth of the tunnel.
70) 1) dialog: What am I, the Pied Piper...
101) 0) text: Gladys smokes as she puts together the fixings for a large meal. She has a cookbook out. Pots and pans. Chris enters. Gladys quickly drops her cigarette in the disposal.
101) 5) dialog: Need some rat traps.
101) 7) dialog: What is all this?
101) 9) dialog: I'll have mine without Nicotine.
102) 0) text: Chris comes downstairs. He rummages through some junk. comes up with several rat traps. He turns around to discover an odd hole in the wall. He ventures over for a look.
102) 1) dialog: Rats... Chris leans into the hole, his jacket restricts his entry. Chris pulls out of the hole, standing to reveal a large male tarantula on his back. Chris is oblivious as he takes off his jacket. The coat lands in a heap atop the spider. Chris gets back down and places one of the rat traps in the hole. He doesn't notice the jacket moving behind him. Chris backs out of the hole. He picks up his jacket. The spider is gone. He grabs his traps and heads upstairs.
103) 0) text: Chris passes through the kitchen.    He eyes Gladys waril CHRIS
103) 2) text: No. Smoke pours out of her nostrils. CHRIS
103) 4) text: Get back to work. I'll see you tonight. Chris starts out. GLADYS
103) 5) text: Sam called for you. Chris hesitates. GLADYS
103) 6) text: She wants you to come by the station. CHRIS
103) 8) text: Oh please. CHRIS
103) 10) text: You two should just sleep together and get it over with. CHRIS
103) 18) dialog: This is where I throw up.
104) 4) dialog: I'm sorry about yesterday. Wade is... He knows how to push my buttons.
104) 6) dialog: On a date? Sam freezes for a second.     Chris laughs.
104) 10) dialog: I'm kidding.   What did you want to ask?
104) 12) dialog: Define strange.
104) 14) dialog: How about stampeding rats?
104) 16) dialog: Could have been. Never saw them do that before. I guess it qualifies as strange. Sam thinks this over.
104) 17) dialog: Sam... Do you want to go out sometime?
104) 20) dialog: Only if you're going to say yes. Sam smiles slightly.
106) 1) dialog: So that's a 'No.'
106) 3) dialog: No... I understand... I don't know what I was thinking... (laughs)
107) 0) text: The museum burns. The volunteer fire department attacks the conflagration. All the locals are there to help. Sam's COP CAR SKIDS to a stop. Chris leaps out. Stares at the fire for a beat. And then he charges toward the inferno. Sam tackles him from behind. Pinning him to the ground.
107) 1) dialog: No!   Let me go! Gladys!   Let me go! The museum collapses.     Chris watches it burn to the ground.
108) 0) text: The fire is out. The once-proud building is now a smoldering pile of rubble. Locals stand in small groups. Chris wanders through the ruins as    firemen mop up. He picks something out of the char.     The map of the mines Almost completely burned. Soaked     with water. He stare at it for a heavy beat. All that     remains of his legac Sam steps up.
108) 2) dialog: (devastated)
110) 15) dialog: Gladys is dead. Chris drinks vodka straight from the bottle.
110) 18) dialog: It's a little large.
110) 24) dialog: They keep their food alive. Mike hands his mother the new piece of exoskeleton.
110) 35) dialog: If there were giant spiders roaming the desert, don't you think somebody would've seen them by now?
112) 0) text: The garage is cluttered. Old station wagon. Bikes. Skis. Sam leads Chris to a bag full of her ex-husband's clothes.
112) 2) dialog: That one looks kind of scratchy. Sam holds up a shirt that Chris approves of. He takes it and proceeds to take off his old soot-stained shirt.
112) 7) dialog: Gladys thought I should sell... but you know... I never wanted to get rich. If it was about the money, I would have sold out to Wade a long time ago. Chris moves behind the car and takes off his pants.
112) 8) dialog: I think I just wanted to prove the gold was down there. That my family wasn't crazy to keep looking. Even after we'd lost so much. And now... she's gone, too.
112) 10) dialog: Do you know what I'm trying to say?
112) 12) dialog: That's right.    That's exactly right. Sam glimpses Chris through car windows. The poor guy's struggling to pull on some 501s. Sam turns away, but catches sight of him in a propped-up glass door.
112) 13) dialog: Remind me never to let you do my laundry. She turns, only to see him in a mirror. He steps out from behind the car. Sam stares at him.
116) 0) text: Chris finishes   dressing. He faces Sam. There is an odd moment as they   find themselves standing close. If the circumstances   were different they'd probably end up kissing. And    then they hear ASHLEY'S bloodcurdling SCREAM.
117) 0) text: Mike pops out of his door. Sam and Chris run down the hallway. Sam yanks open the door to Ashley's room.
118) 0) text: Sam, Chris and Mike stand in the doorway staring at a giant spider menacing Ashley. The spitter fires another webby blast, sticking the girl's legs to the wall.
120) 0) text: Chris has the chair in one hand to fend off the spider. With the other hand he tries to get Ashley out of the webbing. Mike stands nearby reading from his Cassiopeia. MIKE
120) 3) text: Use my stun g... Ashley is nailed in the face with another blast of goo. Mouth sealed shut. Chris reaches under the bed and pushes it over on to the spitter. The spider leaps clear onto the wall.
120) 9) dialog: I'll keep that in mind. Chris grabs the spitter from behind and drags it off the wall. The spider turns to fight. Chris wrestles it to the ground. He sees the fangs begin to move from side to side and rolls clear of a point-blank web shot.
122) 0) text: Chris puts himself between Ashley and the spider. He looks for a weapon. Lunges for the scissors, but the spitter nails him with a blast of glue. Chris is flung across the room and stuck to the wall by the sleeve of his shirt. He shrugs out of it and makes another grab for his scissors. He gets them.
122) 2) dialog: How am I supposed to do that!? The spider leaps at Chris... and EXPLODES in midair. Bits of gore shower Chris. He stands to see Sam in the door with her shotgun. Chris is covered in spider guts.
122) 3) dialog: I'm gonna need some new pants.
123) 0) text: Sam finishes loading new shells into her shotgun and then pops a fresh clip into her 9mm. Chris comes out of the garage wearing clean clothes. Sam chucks him the pistol.
123) 5) dialog: I'm a fast learner. Chris tries to put the gun in his pocket. And then his waistband. But these damn pants are too tight. Ashley uses scissors to cut web out of her hair.
123) 11) dialog: What other spiders did Joshua have?
123) 13) dialog: Why couldn't he keep goldfish like a normal person? Sam checks the phone.     It's dead.
123) 15) dialog: How about the radio station?
124) 0) text: Chris and Sam open the front door of the house. looks one way. Chris the other. No giant spiders lurking about. Chris and Sam continue onto the lawn. Mike and Ashley watch from the safety of the doorway. They listen to the comforting SOUNDS OF a SUMMER NIGHT.
126) 0) text: Sam, Chris, and the kids move away from the cop car to the door. They are at the far end of town. All appears to be normal.
127) 8) dialog: What are you going to say?   You can't tell them the truth.
134) 1) dialog: The mall? SAM
135) 1) text: Wait, Mom! The noise will attract more of them! CHRIS
136) 0) text: Chris and Sam hang onto the panicked kids. Harlan brings up the rear. The place is chaos. People are chased by spiders. Dragged by spiders. Killed by spiders. Eaten by spiders. CHRIS
138) 7) dialog: What?
140) 0) text: Sam and Chris are at the front of the mob with their kids.
140) 9) dialog: Keep going! Chris and the others flee toward the mall.          Some SHOOT at the spiders as they run. Leroy is grabbed by a trapdoor. Floyd tries to help but the spider plunges its fangs into poor Leroy, dragging him under. The group clears the trapdoor minefield. But some of the spiders have vacated their dens and are coming after them.
141) 0) text: Chris and Sam and the kids lead just fifteen other survivors to the glass doors. The doors are locked. Wade pulls out a ring of fifty keys and fumbles with them desperately. ASHLEY
142) 3) text: Glass won't stop them! The spiders begin smashing through the glass doors. Chris and Sam SHOOT to keep them back. People flee into the mall.
143) 0) text: Chris and Norman arrive. Spiders are SMASHING through the GLASS. Chris and Norman bring the gate down. They back away as more spiders slam against the steel.
144) 0) text: The survivors gather makeshift weapons. Floyd take a chainsaw off the wall. Norman practices swinging a heavy sledgehammer, accidentally toppling a stack of paint cans. Hank stands before a display of circular buzz saws. Chris goes to where Sam doles out the few firearms.
144) 1) dialog: We're sealed up at both ends. Sam hands Chris a shotgun.    He tries to get the feel of it.
144) 7) dialog: Like that? Sam shakes her head and takes the gun back.       She pul machete off the wall and hands it to Chris.
146) 3) dialog: Then at daybreak they'll go back inside. We can walk out the front door.
146) 17) dialog: Radio Shack is full of cell phones.
146) 22) dialog: I'll cover you, Harlan.
147) 0) text: Wade leads Chris and Harlan toward an access door. Sam stands with her kids. Watching. Chris looks over his shoulder for one last look. Sam runs up to him, gives him the shotgun.
147) 5) dialog: (re: pants)
147) 8) text: Uhh... Do you want to go out sometime?  Dinner? Maybe a movie? Chris takes her in his arms and plants a kiss on her lips. Wade holds open the nearby access door.
148) 0) text: Wade leads Chris and Harlan up a tight staircase. The door at the top is identified as "Roof Access." Wade reaches the door. The others bunch up behind him.
148) 1) dialog: Don't even think about locking this door.
149) 0) text: Chris and Harlan step onto the roof with their gear. sign of any spiders.
149) 4) dialog: It looks clear. Harlan starts climbing. Chris stands guard at the bottom. Neither of them sees the horde of spiders climbing up the side of the building toward the roof.
152) 0) text: Chris sees spiders flood onto the roof.
152) 4) dialog: We've got company! He tries to COCK the SHOTGUN.        Ejecting a shell out side.
152) 5) dialog: This always looks so easy on TV! Chris gets it figured out just in time to BLAST an attacking spider. He fades back toward the antenna. SHOOTING.
154) 0) text: Chris is surrounded by spiders.        He starts climbing the antenna.
154) 1) dialog: They're coming!
155) 3) dialog: No!   Don't say that!
155) 8) dialog: What happened?
155) 10) dialog: What a shock!     Try again! The spiders are closing in as Harlan re-dials.
155) 15) dialog: Climb! Chris FIRES the SHOTGUN.       The spiders are closing in
156) 0) text: Sam gazes up at the skylight. She can see the silhouette of Chris and Harlan climbing the antenna. Pursued by spiders.
157) 0) text: Harlan is at the top. Chris is a bit lower. The spiders are still coming. Chris SHOOTS at them. His GUN RUNS DRY. He flips it around and butt-strokes an approaching arac. A spider fires a web at Harlan.       Nails the poor guy. drags him off the antenna. Harlan falls off the antenna, back toward the spiders. Chris reaches out and grabs him. Holding Harlan's hand.
157) 1) dialog: I've got you! Harlan makes eye-contact with Chris.       They're both a to be killed unless...
157) 3) dialog: No! Harlan jerks away from Chris's hand. He cannonballs down into the horde of spiders. Splattering several of the beasts along with himself. Chris throws the useless shotgun at an approaching arac and climbs even higher. He pulls out his machete and begins hacking at the guide-wires that hold the antenna upright. The spiders close in. Chris slices one wire. The antenna quivers. Chris slices another wire. The antenna shakes.
159) 0) text: Chris dodges a spider's webline.       Several more come him.
159) 1) dialog: You're going down! Chris cuts the last wire and hikes out over the skylight. The antenna keels over. Chris hangs tight as he drops toward the glass.
160) 0) text: Sam looks up to   see Chris come crashing down through th skylight on the   antenna. The antenna tilts in at a sixt degree angle.    Chris hangs off the end. Orb weavers rid their weblines   down to the floor of the mall. Mike peeks out from the top of the jungle gym. He sees a hundred spiders coming in on webs. Flooding out of the stores. The devil-spawned monsters are everywhere!
160) 6) dialog: We're on our own! Sam tosses him a gun and they head toward the jungle gym. The waitress roller-skates away from the spiders. She slaloms clear of several spitters. But gets tackled by a jumper.
162) 0) text: Ashley and Mike pour out of the slide. Chris and Sam finish off the spider and then run with the kids. Emma runs parallel to them across the playground's sandbox. Only to be yanked under by a trapdoor spider. Hank sees this and goes after the spiders with all his tools. Getting revenge with a nail gun in each hand. HANK
162) 1) text: It's tool time! Floyd is still going crazy, slicing spiders with his chain-saw, he lets out a victorious yell until a hungry spider descends on him from above and knocks him to the floor. Chris passes a clothing store displaying Levi 501s.    He stops for a moment to look at the jeans. SAM (O.S.)
162) 2) text: Chris! Chris continues on. All of the survivors meet in the middle of the mall and prepare for Custer's last stand. Spiders charge from all directions. Mike throws his perfume grenades. Sam and Chris SHOOT. Others use their make-shift weapons. Norman pulls out a joint and sparks it.    Mike sees this and gets an idea. MIKE
164) 4) text: Oh great! Now you've trapped us! Chris moves to the bottom of the stairs.
164) 5) dialog: We should be able to hold them off for a little while. Suddenly a loud BANGING ERUPTS on the wall behind them.
164) 7) dialog: What the hell?
164) 14) dialog: We can get out this way!
165) 0) text: Bret runs past Sam and Chris. Sam FIRES her SHOTGUN at the first spider that enters the tunnel. Her GUN CLICKS DRY. She un-holsters her PISTOLS and FIRES.
165) 1) dialog: Cover me! SAM
165) 2) text: What are you going to do?! Chris uses the machete to cleave into the tunnel's upper support beam. More spiders come into the tunnel. Sam FIRES desperately. Chris keeps on hacking.
166) 0) text: Chris and Sam move toward the bobbing lights of the few remaining survivors. WADE
166) 1) text: We're trapped again! CHRIS
166) 3) text: Which way do we go? CHRIS
166) 5) text: Can you get us out of here? CHRIS
166) 6) text: Don't worry, Sam. Chris takes point with the others following nervously.
167) 0) text: A boarded-up shaft entrance. Suddenly the WOOD SPLINTERS. Chris and the others bash through. They file into a slightly more open area with two branching tunnels. The place is stacked from floor to ceiling with barrels of toxic waste. CHRIS
167) 4) dialog: Toxic waste. SAM
167) 6) text: The creek where Joshua gets his spider food. There was one in the water. Chris starts toward the sloping tunnel. CHRIS
167) 8) text: No, we can't. (turns to Wade) Isn't that tunnel blocked off, Dad? Chris and the others look at Wade. WADE
167) 10) dialog: You did this? WADE
167) 18) dialog: We're wasting time. Chris heads toward the only exit available. The others follow. Wade staggers to his feet. Stumbling after them.
168) 0) text: Chris leads the group down a tunnel. They come across bits of vintage mining gear. A string of old light bulbs runs along the roof into both tunnels.
168) 1) dialog: One end of these lights should be connected to a generator. That'll be near the entrance. They continue down the tunnel.     Entering...
169) 6) dialog: Methane.   This cavern is full of gas.
169) 8) dialog: One spark and we're all dead. Norman swallows his glowing joint. Chris shines his flashlight on a pile of mummy bundles.
169) 12) dialog: There's somebody in here! Chris cuts away more web as the other survivors help. They finally reveal Gladys.
169) 13) dialog: Gladys! The woman's body begins to spasm.
169) 14) dialog: Gladys, please... (to the others)
169) 20) dialog: It's okay.    It's okay. Gladys starts to get a grip. Trying to focus on Chris. From this angle Chris look like he has a golden halo.
169) 22) dialog: You're okay.
169) 24) dialog: No...
169) 28) dialog: Jesus... it's the mother lode... He was right. My dad was right... Chris helps Gladys to her feet.         They share an emo look of recognition.
169) 42) text: They don't have hair. They aren't fully grown tarantulas. Chris and Sam look over.
169) 48) dialog: Consuela? The fur on Consuela's back seems to undulate. There is something weird there. A lot of weird things. In fact... her entire back is littered with hundreds of baby tarantulas. As Consuela advances, she flicks several dart-sized quills off her belly right into Norman. A dark stain spreads across the drug dealer's shirt.
169) 50) dialog: Go! The group flees toward the opposite end of the cavern. male tarantula drops down to block their escape. Sam BLOWS it away. Wade and Bret are still chipping away bits of gold.
169) 51) dialog: Leave it!
169) 57) dialog: Bret, come on! Bret runs after the others. But he sees Consuela firing more quills at the group. Directly at Ashley. Bret leaps into harm's way. He's turned into a pin cushion.
170) 0) text: The survivors flee along the tunnel. Chris jumps up to rip down the string of light bulbs from the ceiling.
170) 2) dialog: This is our chance to kill them all. Chris smashes the bulb at the end of the strand.
170) 3) dialog: When the power comes on, the bulb will ignite the methane and torch them!
170) 9) dialog: Keep going up the tunnel. There should be a generator at the exit. Start it up and await for my signal to throw the switch.
170) 11) dialog: Will be buried under tons of rock! Go!
170) 13) dialog: I need to set the fuse as close to the spiders as I can. That should give us time to get clear. Sam and Chris share a brief beat. And then Chris pulls down the lights, dragging them back toward the tarantula's den.
171) 0) text: Chris comes through with his light bulb fuse. Consuela and her babies are feasting on the bodies of Bret and Wade Hale. Chris finds a vent in the ground.       He sprinkles dust it to identify a faint draft.
171) 1) dialog: Bingo. He positions the shattered light bulb beside this gas jet.
173) 0) text: Chris finishes preparing the booby trap. He gets up to leave. Only to find Consuela coming toward him.
173) 1) dialog: I hate spiders. Chris runs out of the cavern.
174) 0) text: Chris bails out of the cavern and starts running.
177) 0) text: Chris runs along the tunnel. Consuela charges after him, Chris reaches up, smashing more light bulbs as he runs.
179) 0) text: Chris runs.     Smashing light bulbs.   Consuela close behind.
179) 1) dialog: Start the generator!
181) 0) text: Chris ducks as Consuela fires quills at him.   He keeps going.
182) 0) text: Sam sees Chris at the bottom of the tunnel. She tries to start the generator again but it refuses to cooperate. CHRIS
183) 0) text: As Chris runs, the light bulbs illuminate sequentially, traveling past him into the cavern.
186) 0) text: Sam looks back to see Chris running toward her. Consuela is on his heels. The glow of a fireball is right behind them.
187) 0) text: Sam and Chris dive out of the mine opening. A pillar of flame shoots out behind them.   Ashley and Mike are nearby. The town is visible just a mile away.