57) 0) text: The SCREAM of a SAWZALL. A house in the midst of remodeling. Sections of wall are exposed. Sheets cover furniture. HANK (30s) is the Bob Villa-poseur. A cat sits near an open section of wall. Watching something intently. The cat charges into the wall after unseen prey. EMMA (30s) comes downstairs wearing her bathrobe. She clutches her ears in pain, screaming for Hank to stop. He can't hear. She grabs his shoulder and he STOPS CUTTING.
57) 1) dialog: Why do you need to do that as six in the morning!? Do you hate me that much!?
57) 3) dialog: You've been saying that for six months!
58) 0) text: Emma makes herself a hangover helper. Egg, tabasco, lemon juice, and a shot of vodka. All of it goes into the BLENDER. She FIRES it UP. Competing with the noise of Hank's SAW. Then Emma notices a bowl of uneaten cat food.
59) 0) text: Emma comes back in and UNPLUGS the noisy SAW. HANK
59) 1) text: If you're gonna keep pulling the plug... EMMA
59) 3) text: He was chasing something earlier. EMMA
59) 6) text: I'll get the tuna. Emma heads back into the kitchen. Hank listens at the wall. After a beat he hears the CAT RUSTLING around inside.
59) 8) text: What's wrong with him? Hank shakes his head. The CAT noises become more aggressive. The panicked couple tries to follow the cat's progress. They tracks the sounds of BATTLE along the wall. The noises become FRANTIC. SCRABBLING CLAWS. HOWLS of KITTY pain. HANK &amp; EMMA
74) 2) text: They were clogging up my house! EMMA
100) 0) text: Harlan is kibitzing with Travis. Pete and Emma console each other over dessert. Wade sits alone at a table for two. The attractive WAITRESS on roller-skates give him a fresh beer. WAITRESS
130) 0) text: Emma bursts out of the front door, screaming hysterically. Hank is behind her with the SawzAll. A wolf spider crawls after them from inside the house.
139) 0) text: Sam leads her group down toward the mall. Other groups of survivors do likewise. As they get closer to the mall the groups coalesce into one large pack. We recognize Deputy Pete. Fireman Travis. The roller-skating waitress. Floyd. Leroy. Hank. Emma. And many other locals.
146) 11) dialog: You go, Sam.
162) 0) text: Ashley and Mike pour out of the slide. Chris and Sam finish off the spider and then run with the kids. Emma runs parallel to them across the playground's sandbox. Only to be yanked under by a trapdoor spider. Hank sees this and goes after the spiders with all his tools. Getting revenge with a nail gun in each hand. HANK