10) 0) text: The ditch is littered with garbage. The DRONE of INSECTS. No visible traces of toxic waste. A butterfly net sweeps through the air to capture an oversized horsefly. JOSHUA TAFT (70s), scrutinizes the bug. This old codger is more comfortable studying bugs than socializing with people.
10) 1) dialog: Hey, Mike.   Check this one out. MIKE PALMER (12) steps over for a look.     Puberty hit h and fast for this bright, little nerd.
10) 3) dialog: They've been like this all week. Must be something extra tasty in the water.
10) 5) dialog: Dead coyote. Snake maybe. Back in the 'Nam we'd eat python with a dash of habanero sauce. Mighty satisfying.
10) 10) dialog: When you're thirty klicks out from the nearest firebase. Humpin' through the wake-up with your finger on the trigger. Charlie doesn't give you time to stop for cutlet. As Mike skims his own net over the water, he glimpses a familiar barrel at the bottom of the pool. The brightly- colored biohazard warning label is clearly visible.
12) 2) dialog: Quiet, bird.     We're working. Mike and Joshua stand near the spider tanks. A dozen aquariums on low shelves. Each glass tank replicates a specific environment: jungle, desert, cavern, pond, etc.
12) 3) dialog: (dims tank lights)
12) 4) text: The sun is going down, my nocturnal hunters. It's time to come out and feed. Mike watches Joshua deposit bugs into each spider tank.
12) 6) dialog: I've calculated a growth factor of twelve percent over the last forty-eight hours. But that seems to be accelerating.
12) 12) dialog: They can't outrun the food chain.
12) 14) dialog: Imagine yourself the size of that fly. A scytodes spitter would be as big as a Cadillac. You'd be spider chow, kid. Mike looks in a tank where jumpers chase fleeing crickets. He moves toward another tank that is covered with a towel.
12) 16) dialog: Took me forever to get a breeding set of Chilean reds. I must have bribed every customs agent from Vegas to Santiago. Joshua unveils the    tank. Dirt floor. Several burrow entrances. Joshua     pours in the bugs. A large, male tarantula comes out    of a burrow. It pounces on a bug, then wraps its prey    in webbing, turning the insect int mummy-like bundle.
12) 18) dialog: Male tarantulas compete for the female's attention.
12) 23) dialog: Each one tries to bring her the best present. Bugs, rats, even the occasional parrot. CHARLIE SQUAWKS.
12) 24) dialog: The prey is cocooned alive so she can eat them in her nest. You know how women love breakfast in bed. Joshua leads Mike to the back of the tank. A network of subterranean tunnels is revealed. The male tarantulas scuttle through carrying their mummified offerings.
12) 25) dialog: Take a look, the female of the species is three times as big as the male. Mike peers into a large den. The female tarantula steps out of the shadows. This is Consuela, the Chilean red tarantula.
12) 26) dialog: Say hello to Consuela. Mike watches Consuela unwrap one of the mummified bundles. She begins to eat the paralyzed insect within.
12) 27) dialog: She fills her prey with digestive acid to liquify the internal organs. Now watch... She'll drink her victim from the inside out. While it's still alive!
12) 30) dialog: Arachnids have been roaming the earth for millions of years. And they'll be here long after the human race is dead and buried. Suddenly Consuela lunges at the glass.     Mike recoils.
12) 35) text: Do that again and I feed you to the parrot. CHARLIE SQUAWKS hungrily.    The sound of a CAR HORN. JOSHUA
12) 37) text: See you tomorrow, Joshua! Mike heads for the door.
49) 1) text: No charges have been filed in yesterday's fracas between Chris McCormick and Wade Hale. And we've got... Joshua turns the radio down. He holds a tape measure to a glass spider tank, recording the size of an unseen arac. JOSHUA
49) 5) text: Charlie's in the wire!     Incoming! Something yanks the parrot O.S. JOSHUA
49) 6) text: Stop screwing around...! Joshua looks back in search of the parrot. He notices several feathers floating down to the floor. He heads over to investigate. Joshua pulls the blanket clear to reveal the top of the cage has been pushed aside. No sign of any tarantulas. Joshua checks the back side of the tank. JOSHUA
49) 7) text: Where'd you go? Consuela? She's nowhere to be seen. Joshua spots      something sticking out from under the table. Two      parrot feet. Joshua pulls Charlie out from under the     table. It's a horrible sight. The bird is wrapped in      spider webbin His body desiccated.
49) 11) dialog: Charlie... Semper fidelis. Joshua sees Charlie is attached to a web. He tugs on the webline. Something tugs back. Joshua leans down to look under the table. His eyes go wide at what he sees. Then a shadow looms over his head. Joshua looks up and...
65) 0) text: Mike rides his bike into Joshua's front yard.    He dismounts before the BIKE stops. It CRASHES.     Mike hea inside.
67) 5) text: Animal tracks. Definitely too big to be spiders. Could be rats. Mike slips past the barricades. Following the tracks to the edge of the abyss. He can't see anything. It's too dark. Mike turns away and returns to the yard.    Never realizing... Several feet down the shaft. Hidden under a rock... the shriveled and desiccated corpse of Joshua Taft. It hangs from the side of the shaft in thick sticky webbing. Grisly. Suddenly the corpse is tugged loose and dragged deeper into the shaft by some unseen creature.
76) 20) text: ... reject... absolutely not... Mike scrutinizes what appear to be more of those tracks that he found at Joshua's. But this time they are larger:
86) 7) text: What if they didn't stop growing? What if they broke out of their tanks. Ate Joshua. And went into the mines? Sam looks at him like he's out of his mind.
167) 6) text: The creek where Joshua gets his spider food. There was one in the water. Chris starts toward the sloping tunnel. CHRIS