10) 2) dialog: He's huge!
10) 4) dialog: Like what?
10) 9) dialog: You ate snake?
12) 4) text: The sun is going down, my nocturnal hunters. It's time to come out and feed. Mike watches Joshua deposit bugs into each spider tank.
12) 5) dialog: Yeah. They're definitely getting bigger.
12) 10) dialog: All from eating these bugs?   Maybe I should try some. Mike pauses at the desert tank, watching a cricket search for food. A trap-door spider pops out of its camouflaged den like a jack-in-the-box. The arachnid yanks the cricket below and replaces the roof in a nanosecond. Mike looks in another tank where ogre-eyed spitting spiders shoot blasts of paralyzing goo at hapless insects.
12) 11) dialog: Run, little guys.
12) 13) dialog: I could get away.
12) 15) dialog: Are the new tarantulas in here?
12) 17) dialog: That is too cool.
12) 28) dialog: (looks queasy)
12) 31) dialog: Bad!   Bad Consuela! Consuela backs up, apparently she can be intimidated.
12) 33) dialog: The multi-eyed spider's PANORAMIC VISION. Mike looms large at the edge of the glass, wagging his finger.
12) 36) text: There's your mom. MIKE
12) 37) text: See you tomorrow, Joshua! Mike heads for the door.
16) 0) text: SAMANTHA "SAM" PALMER (30s) is the sheriff of Prosperity and a confident, single mother. Mike is seated beside her.
16) 1) dialog: You   should see them, Mom. Each one   has a unique feeding behavior. The   spitters fire poisonous snot. The   tarantulas mummify their prey. The   jumpers can...
16) 3) dialog: He studies them. NASA uses spider webs in outer space. And for medicine. They've been here forever, and they'll be here long after we're all dead.
16) 5) dialog: Nightmares are cool.
16) 10) dialog: It's from Dad! He didn't forget my birthday. I told you he wouldn't.
16) 12) dialog: Rockin'!
16) 14) dialog: Cassiopeia 2304 with 64 megs of ram. Integrated modem. Voice recording capability. This baby is tight. Mike can't turn on the gizmo.
16) 16) dialog: He forgot to send the batteries.
18) 2) dialog: Why?
21) 0) text: Mike grins from the front seat as Ashley climbs in back.
21) 1) dialog: You have the right to remain silent. Anything you say can and will be used...
23) 1) dialog: I read her her rights.
23) 19) text: Thanks for the flashback. They drive on in painful silence.     Mike turns ON the RADIO.
54) 6) dialog: What's your excuse!? Sam sticks her head out of a room at the end of the hall.
54) 8) dialog: I'm just going to the mall.
60) 0) text: Mike hops off his bike before it stops moving. Letting it crash in the dirt. He enters the mall through glass doors.
61) 0) text: Mike passes NORMAN (18), a janitor polishing the floors. Norman listens to LOUD DEATH ROCK TUNES on a Sony WALKMAN.
61) 2) text: Hey, dude. Yeah. You. Mike comes over to this goatee'd rascal.
61) 4) dialog: A pack of cigarettes?
61) 6) dialog: Where's this secret location?
61) 11) dialog: Norman, you know my mom's the sheriff.
61) 13) text: Does she get high? Mike walks away, deeper into the mall. A dozen stores line the hallway: Victoria's Secret, Electronic Boutique, Sport Chalet. Most of the stores are closed for good. A large atrium features a fountain and jungle gym. Skylights cover the ceiling. Mike enters the Home and Garden store.
62) 0) text: Mike goes up to the counter.          The CLERK snaps at
62) 2) dialog: What?
62) 11) text: All bug spray, rodent traps, ant poison and fly paper is on aisle five! He returns his attention to Mike.
62) 13) dialog: Where's aisle five? The annoyed Clerk points. Mike heads over. He sees the aisle is crowded with locals squabbling over the few remaining cans of Raid, Black Flag and Off.
64) 0) text: Mike Palmer rides his bike through a puddle of water. He sees Beverly throwing up in her vegetable garden. Mike it thoroughly grossed out.
65) 0) text: Mike rides his bike into Joshua's front yard.    He dismounts before the BIKE stops. It CRASHES.     Mike hea inside.
66) 0) text: Mike stops short in the doorway. An off-hook TELEPHONE BEEPS incessantly. WIND MOANS through shattered windows. Furniture is tipped over. Mike moves through the chaos.
66) 1) dialog: Hello?   Joshua? Charlie? The spider tanks are shattered. No trace of their occupants. Mike pulls out his Cassiopeia PDA and starts recording. MIKE
66) 3) dialog: Cool! (records again) The house is deserted. No sign of Joshua Taft or his bird. The spider tanks are shattered. There is broken glass everywhere. Mike moves toward the back door of the cabin.    It swing open and shut in the WIND.
67) 0) text: Mike comes out and notices hundreds of coin-sized footprints. He follows these tracks to a cluster of wooden barricades labeled: "McCORMICK AND SONS MINING COMPANY." Mike peers toward a vertical mine shaft behind the barriers.
67) 4) dialog: (into PDA)
67) 5) text: Animal tracks. Definitely too big to be spiders. Could be rats. Mike slips past the barricades. Following the tracks to the edge of the abyss. He can't see anything. It's too dark. Mike turns away and returns to the yard.    Never realizing... Several feet down the shaft. Hidden under a rock... the shriveled and desiccated corpse of Joshua Taft. It hangs from the side of the shaft in thick sticky webbing. Grisly. Suddenly the corpse is tugged loose and dragged deeper into the shaft by some unseen creature.
71) 0) text: Mike rides his bike. Floyd the barber stands out front chatting with an elderly couple. They hold a dog's leash in their hand.
72) 0) text: Mike rides on. He notices a guy taping a flyer to a lamp post. Mike glances over. It's a sign for a missing dog.
73) 0) text: Mike arrives at the local police station. Several cars are parked out front. The door is ajar. Locals are crowded inside. Mike lets his bike crash as he enters.
74) 11) dialog: Mom! Mom!   All Josh's spiders are gone!
74) 13) dialog: But Joshua is gone!
74) 15) dialog: Mom, I'm serious! You're not listening!
76) 0) text: Wade's new Hummer is in the driveway. A CATTLE DOG BARKS as Wade leads Sam and Mike around the side of the house. WADE
76) 20) text: ... reject... absolutely not... Mike scrutinizes what appear to be more of those tracks that he found at Joshua's. But this time they are larger:
76) 21) dialog: (into PDA)
76) 22) text: I've found more tracks.    Even larger now. Mike follows the trail toward another mine entrance. This one is plugged with concrete. The tracks don't go there. They stop at what appears to be a normal patch of ground. Several ostrich feathers are scattered nearby. Mike takes a closer    look. Something doesn't seem right An odd demarcation    in the soil. His fingers trace the edge of a thin film    of material. It is a lid of sorts. A sheath of sticky    webbing coated with dirt. Mike is able to lift it. Mike peers into a deep dark burrow three feet wide.
77) 1) dialog: A MULTI-EYED SPIDER'S VIEW of Mike at the top of the burrow.
78) 0) text: Mike squints into the burrow but can't see anything.
79) 0) text: A dark shape inches up the burrow toward Mike.
80) 0) text: Mike is oblivious as he peers into the dark.
81) 0) text: The BARKING CATTLE DOG SNAPS its TETHER and charges Mike. Sam and Wade see this and run after it.
82) 0) text: Mike doesn't see the dog.    He's too busy looking in the hole.
83) 0) dialog: The kid is FRAMED IN the burrow opening just a few feet away.
84) 0) text: Mike senses something approaching in the darkness. Suddenly he's grabbed from behind. Sam drags him away as CLYDE the cattle dog continues BARKING. WADE
85) 0) text: Mike and Sam are in the cop car.     Wade is at Sam's window. WADE
86) 0) text: Sam eyes the road ahead.     Mike is lost in thought.
86) 1) dialog: We have to go back.
86) 3) dialog: That was a trapdoor spider's burrow.
86) 5) dialog: Joshua was feeding his spiders bugs from the creek. And they were getting bigger. Mike glances out the window at the dog running nearby.
86) 6) dialog: (agitated)
86) 8) dialog: That could be why the other species are coming out into the open. They're trying to get away from the giant spiders. (a beat)
88) 0) text: Mike turns from his mother and looks out the window. is confused when he doesn't see any sign of the dog.
88) 1) dialog: Maybe I am losing it... He checks himself for a fever.
97) 0) text: The black and white classic: Tarantula, plays over an old TV and VCR. Mike is at his computer, downloading a spider encyclopedia into his PDA. A message flashes across the screen: CONNECTION LOST. Mike picks up the telephone.
97) 1) dialog: Hello?   Hello? The line is dead.
108) 9) dialog: Holy God... Mike looks around for his mom.         He sees her drivin in the cop car with Chris.
108) 10) dialog: Mom!   Wait!
110) 13) dialog: Spiders shed their skins when they grow. Chris looks at Mike for a moment.
110) 14) dialog: Like snakes.
110) 16) dialog: Maybe not. That got Chris's attention.
110) 17) dialog: This is a tarantula's leg. Or it was. It's an exoskeleton, to be scientific.
110) 22) dialog: See! Male tarantulas wrap their prey in webbing. Tight like a mummy. The food stays alive so they can eat it later. Sam enters the room in time to overhear this.
110) 26) dialog: A spider's leg! Sam flinches, dropping the object to the floor.
110) 27) dialog: Careful!
110) 29) dialog: Those are quills! Tarantulas can flick them at you like darts! Mike does an odd flicking motion.       Kind of like a do scratching a flea.
110) 31) dialog: Tarantulas! Wolfs! Trapdoors! Joshua had a ton of exotics!
110) 36) dialog: The jumpers hunt in daylight. But not the others. They only come out when the sun goes down! The group looks to the window, the sun hangs low in the sky.
114) 0) text: Mike checks the phone. Still dead. He types at his computer, entering the specification of the piece of exoskeleton. A digital representation of a spider grows on his monitor screen. Showing Mike exactly how big the spider would be after shedding this skin. Mike is distracted by the LOUD MUSIC coming from Ashley's room.
114) 1) dialog: Can't you turn that down?!
115) 1) dialog: I'm doing spider research! Ashley stops ripping. She goes to the pile of animals, oblivious to the spider. The beast doesn't move. Ashley grabs a pink teddy bear with a heart on its belly. She returns to bed and cuts the bear's heart out with scissors. The spitting spider sneaks up behind Ashley. As it moves, so does Ashley. She scoops up the torn photos and mutilated bear, dumping them in the trash. She turns around to find the giant spider on her bed. She freezes momentarily.
115) 3) text: Spider... Mike... Spider... Ashley sees her stun gun is on   the dresser. She lunges for it. She's almost got it.     The spider squirts two lines of gummy web at Ashley.    The glop hits her int he chest, carries her backward.    Glues her to the wall.
117) 0) text: Mike pops out of his door. Sam and Chris run down the hallway. Sam yanks open the door to Ashley's room.
118) 0) text: Sam, Chris and Mike stand in the doorway staring at a giant spider menacing Ashley. The spitter fires another webby blast, sticking the girl's legs to the wall.
118) 1) dialog: Wow!   A scytodes spitter! Chris pushes past Sam and Mike. He grabs a chair and shoves it at the spitter like a lion tamer. The spider backs off. Sam takes off running down the hallway. ASHLEY
120) 0) text: Chris has the chair in one hand to fend off the spider. With the other hand he tries to get Ashley out of the webbing. Mike stands nearby reading from his Cassiopeia. MIKE
120) 7) dialog: (reads)
122) 1) dialog: Get under it! Stab it in the abdomen! They don't have any armor down there!
123) 6) dialog: I told you! I told you all!     But nobody ever listens to Mike! Still think I'm crazy, Mom?
123) 12) dialog: Spitters, jumpers, orb weavers, tarantulas...
124) 0) text: Chris and Sam open the front door of the house. looks one way. Chris the other. No giant spiders lurking about. Chris and Sam continue onto the lawn. Mike and Ashley watch from the safety of the doorway. They listen to the comforting SOUNDS OF a SUMMER NIGHT.
127) 7) dialog: Giant spider invasion. Harlan's jaw drops.    Sam takes the microphone.
135) 0) text: Sam and the    others spill out of the trailer. They head for the cop    car. As they get closer, a wolf spider climbs onto    the car's roof and gnaws on the light bar. Sam raises    her gun to blast it. MIKE
136) 4) dialog: Look out! The group flees a trio of goo-firing spitters.    Suddenl a familiar mini-van races past.
138) 3) dialog: You stink. WADE
140) 4) dialog: Trapdoors!    They're all around us!
140) 6) dialog: I didn't download that part!
142) 0) text: The survivors hustle inside. They lock the glass doors behind them. The spiders are still coming. MIKE
142) 2) text: Be cool, little dude.     They're locked. MIKE
142) 9) dialog: Hurry up! Sam and Chris see the gate coming down. They run for it and slide underneath just as the gate comes down. A massive trapdoor slams up against the metal. But the metal holds.
146) 2) dialog: For the last time! They can't handle the sunlight. They were waiting in the mines for the sun to go down!
146) 4) dialog: We won't make it that long.
146) 6) dialog: They're growing very fast. They need food to sustain that kind of development.
150) 0) text: Mike collects perfume. Packing it into his pockets like grenades. Ashley is nearby, checking out the lingerie.
150) 2) dialog: I don't.   It's spider repellent. Sam steps in through the door.
160) 0) text: Sam looks up to   see Chris come crashing down through th skylight on the   antenna. The antenna tilts in at a sixt degree angle.    Chris hangs off the end. Orb weavers rid their weblines   down to the floor of the mall. Mike peeks out from the top of the jungle gym. He sees a hundred spiders coming in on webs. Flooding out of the stores. The devil-spawned monsters are everywhere!
160) 1) dialog: Arac attack! Chris leaps from the antenna to a nearby web. He slides down it like a pole, squashing the orb weaver at the bottom. Sam runs to his side.
161) 0) text: Ashley and Mike are hiding.
161) 3) dialog: (checks Cassiopeia)
161) 4) text: They're trapping us like ants in a log! Once they have all the exits blocked, they'll come in through the last one! They see a way out, head for that exit, only to find a spider coming through it. Mike tosses one of his perfume grenades at the spider, covering their retreat. Another spider comes after them through one of the tubes. Mike chucks another perfume bottle. The spider cowers.
161) 5) dialog: We've gotta go! Ashley finds a hole that leads to the slide.
162) 0) text: Ashley and Mike pour out of the slide. Chris and Sam finish off the spider and then run with the kids. Emma runs parallel to them across the playground's sandbox. Only to be yanked under by a trapdoor spider. Hank sees this and goes after the spiders with all his tools. Getting revenge with a nail gun in each hand. HANK
162) 2) text: Chris! Chris continues on. All of the survivors meet in the middle of the mall and prepare for Custer's last stand. Spiders charge from all directions. Mike throws his perfume grenades. Sam and Chris SHOOT. Others use their make-shift weapons. Norman pulls out a joint and sparks it.    Mike sees this and gets an idea. MIKE
162) 4) text: Dude, if I tell you, I have to kill you. Norman takes a hit on his reefer. MIKE
164) 16) dialog: Not until daylight. The BANGING on the upper door gets more INTENSE. Norman grabs a flashlight and a bunch of battery powered grow lights from his weed farm. He passes them out to the group. Chris takes the flashlight and leads the way into the mine shaft. Bret is shocked as the others follow him. The group uses the grow lights, and flashlights.
167) 1) text: I don't believe it... Mike recognizes the BioHazard warning label he saw on the barrel in the drainage ditch. MIKE
167) 5) text: Where did you see it, Mike? MIKE
169) 9) dialog: That's what I was talking about, Chris. Presents from the male tarantula to the female.
169) 40) dialog: I think you should stop.
169) 46) dialog: They're giant babies! Norman freezes. He hears SOMETHING MOVING around in the dark. And then a spine chilling... GROWL. Chris reacts to the noise.    He can guess what's coming. The FEMALE TARANTULA steps out of the shadows. Consuela has grown to be as big as a Volkswagen MicroBus. By far the largest spider we've seen yet. Covered in hair. Massive eyes. Her two fangs are the size of machetes. Mike's eyes go wide at the sight of his old nemesis.
169) 47) dialog: Consuela.
172) 0) text: Mike helps Gladys up the tunnel. Sam and Ashley are behind. Suddenly a male tarantula steps out of the shadows, separating the groups.
172) 4) dialog: Mom!
176) 0) text: Mike and Gladys gather at a generator just shy of the tunnel exit. Mike tries to start the generator. It won't catch.
176) 1) dialog: It needs gas!
178) 0) text: Mike is at the generator as Sam and Ashley ride up on the motorcycle.
178) 1) dialog: It needs gas! Sam tips over the motorcycle, trying to get gas out of the tank. It's clear this is not going to work.
180) 1) dialog: He's coming!
187) 0) text: Sam and Chris dive out of the mine opening. A pillar of flame shoots out behind them.   Ashley and Mike are nearby. The town is visible just a mile away.
190) 2) text: No! It's a chain reaction! The whole valley is going to blow! MIKE
190) 8) dialog: Oh no... she's molting! Consuela's blistered shell cracks as she shrugs the damaged skin away from her body. Chris is amazed to see the spider has grown a full size larger and become totally rejuvenated! Consuela comes after Chris.        He defends himself wit machete. Shining steel makes contact with the dripping fangs. Once again Consuela punts away the machete. She prepares the death blow. It looks like curtains for Chris.
190) 9) dialog: Consuela!   No!     Bad!   Bad Consuela! The massive spider stops in shock.            Chris looks see Mike has returned.
190) 10) text: The familiar multi-perspective spider vision. tarantula seems to recognize Mike.
193) 2) dialog: Look out! Everyone looks to the road ahead. A familiar bunny rabbit hops across the highway. Gladys HONKS and swerves to avoid it.