1) 0) text: In the background we hear Jay Leno's monologue from the  Tonight Show. A small lamp and the glow from a computer  screen illuminates SEBASTIAN CAINE, late twenties with  the shabby good looks of a perpetual grad-student. Wiry  framed and wearing only boxer shorts, Sebastian sips  coffee from an  Einstein  coffee mug. He peers at a  complex computer rendered molecule displayed on his  screen. He pecks a few keys and the molecule shifts  slightly, then falls apart. Sebastian pulls a twinkie from a hostess box, unwraps the cellophane and sucks it down. He attacks the keyboard  with renewed vigor. Another molecule appears on the screen. Sebastian's  fingers fly across the keyboard. The molecule blinks on  and off, it trembles and twists apart.
1) 1) dialog: Damnit.
1) 2) text: Sebastian pears out his window. Across the courtyard, a  light comes on in a neighboring window. He sees a  BRUNETTE, mid-twenties, absolutely stunning, enter her  living room. The Brunette thumbs through the mail, tosses it and then begins to undress. Sebastian loans over to  the window, getting interested. But when the brunette  reaches her bra and panties, she crosses to the window  and lowers her shades. SEBASTIAN (cont d) Damnit.
1) 3) text: Sebastian leans back in his chair and closes his eyes.  He's obviously tired. He opens his eyes and stares up at  the ceiling. Painted across the white matte finish in big red letters is a brief reminder -  You Should Be  Working.  Sebastian sighs, leans forward and begins  pecking away again.
1) 5) dialog: (beat) I am a goddamn genius.
2) 0) text: Digital phone rings. In the bed, LINDA FOSTER, late twenties, stirs from a  deep sleep. As she straggles out of bed and over to her  desk, we notice a young man sleeping next to her. The ringing continues. She moves her computer mouse  around and her screen comes to life. She click on a  telephone icon and the ringing stops. A beat later,  Sebastian appears in a window on her screen.
2) 2) dialog: You know Da Vinci never slept. Said it  was waste of time.
2) 4) text: Sebastian peers at the image of Linda in the computer  window. He notices something behind her in the bed, the  young man sleeping face down.
2) 5) dialog: Who's that?
2) 6) text: Linda pulls the camera off the top of the of the computer screen and positions it so Sebastian can t see the bed.
2) 8) dialog: Touche.
2) 10) dialog: I cracked the reversion.
2) 13) dialog: Look at this. 
2) 14) text: Sebastian hits a couple of keys. A moment later the  molecular structure appears on Linda's computer.
2) 15) dialog: Watch this.
2) 17) dialog: 91% sure.
2) 19) dialog: The usual. Coffee and twinkies.
2) 21) dialog: I know. You think you could hunt down  Matt and get to the lab early. I want  Isabelle prepped for a live test.
2) 23) dialog: Well y know. It's daylight in  Switzerland. I gotta call the Nobel Committee and tell them to get our prizes ready. See you in a few.
2) 24) text: ON LINDA S COMPUTER SCREEN as Sebastian clicks off. Linda crosses to her bed, and shakes the guy awake.
4) 0) text: The Porsche pulls to a halt in a reserved parking space  and Sebastian exits, wearing a Hawaiian shirt, shorts,  and Birkenstocks. He notes the other cars parked in the  lot, then crosses to bunker in the center of the  warehouse, guarded by a MARINE, shouldering an M-16.
4) 2) dialog: Morning, Ed.
4) 4) dialog: Sorry, Ed. You know the rules. 
4) 5) text: Sebastian presses his thumb against a glass screen. A  laser reads his print.  Scan readout: CAINE, SEBASTIAN  Clearance:    ALPHA ALPHA THREE  Division:        CLASSIFIED  The doors whisk open and Sebastian steps inside.
5) 0) text: Inside the elevator is a numberless keypad. Sebastian  taps in his floor code.
5) 2) dialog: Caine zero zero two seven.
7) 0) text: The elevator doors open and Sebastian steps out. He s met by SARAH KENNEDY, early thirties, a fiery red-head.
7) 2) dialog: Most normal people say good morning.
7) 4) dialog: How many tissue samples have we  successfully regressed? Hundreds,  right? How many have gone on to work  on the full system? None.
7) 6) dialog: No, that is the point. I m not going  to waste six months of my life on an  outmoded testing procedure. This thing  works. I know it. I feel it.
7) 9) dialog: You think I m going to kill Isabelle?
7) 11) dialog: Sarah, thank you for your opinion, but  I m the project leader. Understand? 
7) 14) text: ... but somehow it feels like  Fuck you.  She storms off. Sebastian turns to Linda.
7) 15) dialog: How did you ever convince me to hire  her?
7) 17) dialog: Yeah, well she cares more about the  animals than the research.
7) 20) dialog: Who da Man? You da Man.
8) 2) dialog: Vitals?
8) 7) dialog: How many times do I have to tell you,  Frank you aren t God. (beat) I am.
8) 9) text: Sebastian glance up at a glass booth overlooking the  Laboratory floor. TWO PEOPLE in the booth.
8) 10) dialog: You guys ready to roll?
9) 2) text: Frank and Janice looks down on their colleagues.  Sebastian nods their way.
9) 3) dialog: Okay. Roll  em.
10) 5) dialog: Why thank you, Dr. Kensington, for  that keen scientific observation. I ll  be sure to include it in my memoirs.
12) 1) dialog: (to Linda) Ready.
12) 5) text: Matt lowers the hypo to the vein. But Sebastian takes the hypo from Matt s hand.
12) 6) dialog: Nice try, Sparky.
12) 9) text: Sebastian lowers the hypo. The skin bonds and gives. The  needle remains in sight after it slips through the  visible surface. Matt presses down on the hypo plunger,  releasing a dye into his bloodstream. The gold liquid  twists into a long snaking tube up and down the limb.  It s the shape of a vein. The liquid begins to react.  Small flashes of light blip up and down the strand of  color. Ba-bump.. ba-bump... the heartbeat starts to speed up.
14) 3) dialog: Do you see this?
14) 8) dialog: Subject began manifesting almost  Immediately. Protocol is reacting  quickly.
14) 13) dialog: What? What problem!
14) 22) dialog: No! It s got to work.
14) 38) text: Sebastian puts his hand on Linda s shoulder... a move  that does not go unnoticed by Matt. We did it.
14) 39) dialog: (beat) How is she?
16) 0) text: The fanciest one in D.C. The entire eight person team sits around a round table,  drunk and laughing, as the last champagne flute is  filled. Sebastian raises his glass.
16) 1) dialog: To the finest research team I've ever  known.
17) 0) text: The din of the diners fades away as Linda slips out onto  the restaurant's balcony. She find Sebastian leaning  against a railing, breathing in the night air.
17) 1) dialog: Hey...
17) 3) dialog: Where would I go?
17) 4) text: He looks out over the sweep of the city, the twinkling  lights of D.C. and darkness of the Potomac river. SEBASTIAN (cont'd) Twenty years ago there were no  computers, no fax machines, no cell  phones. I was just wondering what the  world will be like twenty years from  now... if what we're doing will change  everything.
17) 6) dialog: Something like that.
17) 9) dialog: Actually it does. (beat) I guess since you were there from the  beginning, you know me better than  anyone else on this godforsaken  planet.
17) 11) dialog: Yeah... but I was working so hard, I  didn't realize I'd have no one to  share it with.
17) 12) text: Sebastian heads back inside. But he stops and turns back. SEBASTIAN (cont'd) I don't suppose we could turn back the  clock for a night and you could come  home with me?
17) 13) text: Her look says it all. Too much water under the bridge. SEBASTIAN (cont'd) Right. Sorry. Too much champagne.
17) 14) text: He turns and heads back into the party. As he heads in he passes Matt heading out. He and Sebastian exchange  "Heys".
18) 0) text: Sebastian wanders through the empty hallways of the  laboratory.
19) 0) text: Sebastian paces back and forth, examining the habitats.  He taps on the Plexiglas of one. The cubicle explodes  with BARKING. We see the Plexi steam up in one part, as if something  was breathing on it. As if a nose were pressed against  it.
19) 1) dialog: (a little drunk) What's it like? Talk goddamnit! Tell  me what it's like!
20) 1) dialog: Six years ago, this committee  commissioned me with a very specific  task...
21) 0) text: At the table are six men. A handful of senior military  brass and top civilian advisors direct their attention to the front of the room, where Sebastian, flanked by Matt  and Linda, is in the middle of his presentation.
21) 1) dialog: To successful phase-shift a human  being out of quantum sync with the  visible universe and then return him  safely, with no after affects.
21) 2) text: Next to Sebastian a video shows a small monkey shifting  from the visible spectrum. It's hair, skin, organs and  skeletons slowly dissolve before our eyes. SEBASTIAN (cont'd) Well, we found out sending them to  "never-never-land" was easy, it's the  getting back that's hard.
21) 3) text: Sebastian fast forwards a few moments until the video  screen shows the bizarrely tangled heap of flesh and bone that used to be alive. SEBASTIAN (cont'd) Every time we've tried to bring a test  subject back from phase-shift.  Cellular bonds would dissolve, the  primary DNA strands would decay. But  now...
21) 4) text: Sebastian pauses. Something's bothering him. SEBASTIAN (cont'd) But now...
21) 7) text: Linda and Matt look up at Sebastian expectantly.
21) 8) dialog: But now... (pause) But now, we feel we are closer than  ever to resolving this issue. We've  been experimenting with a new  regression formula that looks rather  promising. A FOUR STAR GENERAL leans forward.
21) 10) dialog: Sir?
21) 12) text: Linda starts to speak, but Sebastian cuts her off with a  look.
21) 13) dialog: Shouldn't be more than another year,  Sir.
21) 14) text: Frustrated sighs all around the room. SEBASTIAN (cont'd) Maybe sooner.
22) 0) text: As Linda, Matt and Sebastian head to their cars.
22) 2) dialog: Keep your voice down.
22) 4) dialog: I wasn't ready for them to know.
22) 7) dialog: I had more than a reason. I had a  goddamn epiphany.
22) 8) text: They reach his Porsche. SEBASTIAN (cont'd) What do you think they'd do if they  know we could send a subject into  phase shift and pull it back out  again? How many seconds would it take  for them to take over the whole  project, bringing in their soldiers to  test the formula on. We'd have lost  control of it by the end of the week.
22) 10) dialog: I know. But not yet. There's too much  for us to learn. I don't want my hands  tied by their political agenda when we  go to phase three.
22) 12) dialog: That's easy. I've decided to test the  procedure ...
23) 1) dialog: ... on myself.
23) 4) dialog: Was Jonas Salk nuts?
23) 7) dialog: If we're that unsure, how can we  morally justify testing it on someone  else?
23) 10) dialog: We'll have plenty of time to collate  and cross-reference later. Monkey data  doesn't matter anyway. The only real  data is human data.
23) 12) dialog: How are we gonna find out? Besides,  we've succeeded with a gorilla and  their DNA is 98% the same as humans.  And the 2% is not that significant.
23) 14) dialog: We're all concerned. I know that. But  if we're gonna move forward ever, this  is something we have to do.
23) 16) dialog: The risks. I couldn't ask...
23) 19) dialog: I'm Project Leader. It's my formula  and my call. The best way to express  your concern is to make damn sure you  do your best work. I'll want about  four weeks to...
23) 21) dialog: To run some more reversions and tissue  tests and then we'll attempt the phase  shift. I'll stay shifted for three  days of testing and then we'll perform  a quantum regression.
24) 1) dialog: Come in.
24) 2) text: Linda pushes into the room and closes the door behind  her. SEBASTIAN (cont'd) What?
24) 4) dialog: You don't understand.
24) 6) text: Sebastian shrugs and nods. LINDA (cont'd) But what if something happens to  you... what about the project? 
24) 7) text: Sebastian smiles.
24) 8) dialog: Lin, trust me... nothing's going to  happen.
26) 0) text: Sebastian stripped to his shorts paces nervously. A knock on the door.
26) 1) dialog: (his voice catches) Yes?
26) 4) text: Sebastian nervously shakes his limbs out. Then nods.
26) 5) dialog: Okay.
26) 7) dialog: No. I'm ready.
27) 2) dialog: A little.
27) 4) dialog: I don't think so.
28) 0) text: Sebastian shoots Matt a look.
28) 1) dialog: You know, that could be the last joke  I ever hear.
28) 3) text: The buzz of conversation is punctuated by an amplified  HEARTBEAT, thumping its familiar rhythm. Bah-bump.  Bah-bump. In the center of the room, Sebastian, dressed  only in a pair of jogging shorts is strapped to a table  inclined at a 45 degree angle. Electrodes are strapped to his body. An I.V. tube snakes from the needle in his vein up to a bag of saline solution. Dripping slowly. Linda  makes last minute checks of some of the equipment. She  pats Sebastian on the shoulder.
28) 5) dialog: Fine.
28) 8) dialog: To be expected.
28) 10) text: Linda takes a moment and studies Sebastian's face. She's  almost teary eyed.
28) 11) dialog: Hey... it's gonna be okay.
30) 5) dialog: I'll inject myself. If anything goes  wrong, they can't blame you.
30) 6) text: She hands the hypo Sebastian and steps away. Sebastian  stares at the golden formula silently for a moment.
30) 10) dialog: Yeah. If I'm killed, pretend I said  something deep and clever. 
30) 11) text: Then... Back to business. He inserts the needle into the  I.V. Sebastian. Presses into himself and depresses the  plunger.
30) 14) dialog: Nothing so far.
30) 22) dialog: Recheck the protocol. It can't be non-  reactive.
30) 24) text: Sebastian shoots Carter a questioning look. CARTER (cont'd) Don't know if it'll go off.
30) 27) dialog: Goddammit.
30) 28) text: Another long pause. Sebastian concentrates. SEBASTIAN (cont'd) Okay wait, my arm... it's getting a  bit warm... yeah, it's ... it's  starting to tingle...
30) 29) text: Excitement overtakes the room. SEBASTIAN (cont'd) Okay... it's spreading to my back...  like, like a fever...
30) 31) text: Slowly the flesh on Sebastian's arm begins dissolving,  revealing the complex network of nerves, blood vessels  and flesh beneath it.
30) 32) dialog: Shit... it's starting to burn... Oh  god. It hurts. I didn't think it would  hurt.
30) 36) dialog: Pain!
30) 40) text: Carter grabs the crash cart, rolls it in. Matt tears off  the I.V. leads into Sebastian's arms.
32) 0) text: Sebastian screams in dire pain. He struggles against his  restraints as his skin liquefies into a muscular mass.  It's like something's eating away at him. Gruesome. The  yells become louder and more painful to hear.
32) 1) dialog: No. Oh god! NO! STOP IT! STOP IT!
32) 8) text: There is NOTHING left of Sebastian Caine.
33) 0) text: The chamber is half constructed out of Plexiglas at the  end of the Hallway of Habitats. On the recovery bed, a sheet drapes over Sebastian's  invisible body. The gentle bleatings of medical machinery pound out a dulling rhythm. Linda sleeps in a corner chair as Matt slips into the  room. He checks the readouts on Sebastian then takes a  seat by Linda. She wakes with a start.
33) 13) text: Linda jumps up and crosses to Sebastian. Matt rushes to  the wall and turns off the lights. Darkness. The room is  lit by the glow of machinery. SEBASTIAN'S VOICE (cont'd) I can't... I can't close my eyes. I  can't close my eyes.
33) 23) text: Matt motions to a dark corner of the room, toward a  mirror and sink. We push in on the mirror. No reflection. Suddenly it fogs up ... Sebastian's breath. A finger  tracing appears in the fog ... but of course we see no  finger. The sink faucet twists on and water runs. It cups into the shape of hands and lifts into the air, splashing against the surface of Sebastian's face. Beads of water  cling to his f ace, outlining it I shape f or a moment  before dripping away. MATT (cont'd) What was it like?
33) 25) text: Sebastian's voice is now behind him. Matt turns around. SEBASTIAN'S VOICE (cont'd) The transformation... I remember every  molecule in my body shattering.
33) 30) text: Linda realizes that he's standing very close by. Her hair lifts slightly and Sebastian inhales. Chills go down her  spine.
33) 34) text: He bumps into a chair. SEBASTIAN'S VOICE (cont'd) ... where my body is.
34) 6) text: They turn round. The voice is coming from behind them.  The group rises from their various workstations and turn  toward where the voice came from. SEBASTIAN'S VOICE (cont'd) Odd, isn't it?
34) 12) text: Sebastian has moved. As everyone turns toward him again,  he can't stifle a slight giggle.
34) 20) text: THERMAL POV - Every body in the laboratory shows up as a  heat signature, including Sebastian. Frank points. FRANK (cont'd) Gotcha, big man.
34) 23) text: A chair slides back from a desk and bends under  Sebastian's weight. SEBASTIAN'S VOICE (cont'd) Show me. So ...
35) 0) text: Frank and Janice shuttle the playback controls as a VIDEO MONITOR re-plays various angles of Sebastian's phase  shift.
35) 2) text: Frank halts the tape. SEBASTIAN'S VOICE (cont'd) Index that. That was when it started  burn. Epidermal reaction.
37) 0) text: A bank of monitors display the various angles of the Hall of Habitats, the laboratory and, of course, Sebastian in  the recovery room. Linda hands Sarah a cup of coffee.
44) 2) text: Her heavy breathing mixes with Sebastian's. SEBASTIAN'S VOICE (cont'd) (barely audible) Hmm.
44) 3) text: Sarah's hair moves slightly, as if a hand were running  through it. And then we see her shirt move, like fingers  were tracing over it. Down from the shoulder to her  breast. Around her nipple. Sarah moans slightly, as if  she were dreaming, but she doesn't stir. And then her  breasts cup slightly, as if they were being touched...  softly... gently. Her breathing becomes harder, more  labored, erotic... and then she... BOLTS AWAKE. Bar eyes  wide with fear. She jumps and cups her own breasts and  looks around the room. It's empty, of course. She jumps  over to the monitor and checks on Sebastian's room. The  heat signature isn't there.
45) 2) text: She looks around the room. He must be in here. SARAH (cont'd) Dr. Caine? Sebastian? Come on, this  isn't funny. I know you're in here. 
47) 0) text: Sarah enters wearing the thermals. She scans the room. THERMAL POV - The room is empty. She pulls the goggles off in frustration, and when she  glances over at the video screen, she sees Sebastian's  thermal image lying on the bed in the recovery room. Sarah sinks into her chair, a tad disconcerted.
49) 0) text: Sebastian, wearing surgical scrubs sits in an examination chair. Wire leads sprout from the electrodes covering his head and arms. The electrodes seem to outline his body.
49) 3) text: As Sebastian talks, we can see the electrodes around his  jaw pump up and down.
49) 7) dialog: I guess I didn't hear. I had the radio  on.
49) 9) dialog: I didn't think it was a problem.
49) 17) dialog: You just seem a little nervous.
49) 22) text: Sarah draws the plunger back, sucking Sebastian's blood  into the hypodermic and then yanks the needle out.
49) 24) text: Sarah pulls the vial off the needle and labels it with a  grease pencil. After a few beats the red dye in  Sebastian's blood stream dissolves and disappears, as  does the liquid in the vial.
50) 0) text: MATT slides Sebastian's sheet covered frame into an MRI.  Even though his head is not visible, it shown up on the  MRI scanner.
51) 0) text: CARTER and SARAH lower a harness into a water tank.  SEBASTIAN'S BODY displaces the water, revealing an empty  body shaped cavity in the water.
54) 0) text: Dim lights. Janice and Frank both don eye guards. Frank  switches on a low intensity laser on and it's beam shoots across the room. The beam distorts slightly in the center of the room. As Frank widens the spectral pattern,  suddenly the beam splits into a million different  spectral rainbows, momentary illuminating Sebastian's  entire frame in a glowing tingle of light.
55) 2) text: We hear Sebastian's laughter echo in the room.
55) 8) text: We see indentations on her shoulders where his fingers  press down. SEBASTIAN'S VOICE (cont'd) I was thinking... tonight's my last  night. Ever fantasize about making  love to an invisible man?
55) 12) text: Linda walks away. Sebastian laughs.
56) 0) text: A bevy of activity below us as the scientists prepare.  Matt slides the antigen cocktail into the centrifuge and  starts it spinning. A sheet drapes over a Sebastian's frame, straps across  his limbs. He is fully wired. Linda looks up to the observation booth.
56) 5) text: Matt removes the glowing vial of orange liquid from a  centrifuge nearby. Carter hands Matt a hypo. Matt jabs it into the vial, drawing up the colored liquid. Linda  sprays Sebastian's arm with dye. LINDA (cont'd) Ready?
56) 6) dialog: Not really. I was just starting to  enjoy myself.
58) 1) dialog: I can't br... br...
58) 2) text: Sebastian begins wheezing.
58) 8) text: Sebastian pulls against his bonds. One set tears off.
58) 10) text: Carter grabs onto the mass of flesh and muscle, trying to hold it back. But the restraints snap. The half-visible  man is screaming. He grabs Carter and throws him across  the room. LINDA (cont'd) Sebastian! Sebastian!
58) 11) text: And just for a second, Sebastian is fully visible. And  free. He looks around like a scared animal and rips off  all the wiring. LINDA (cont'd) Sebastian!
58) 13) text: Sarah preps a tranquilizer. Sebastian locks eyes with  Linda. He's lost, he doesn't know where he is. And  suddenly, he crumbles to the ground. Linda rushes over to him and puts bar hand on his shoulder. Light bleeds from  his skin and his skin begins to dissolve from sight.
58) 18) text: Carter locates Sebastian's heart, not a difficult thing  because we can actually see it. Carter's hand pushes down in the air inches above the heart. We see the heart being pushed and squeezed. Sarah slaps an air bag on Sebastian  and starts pumping air into his lungs. Sebastian's heart  begins to beat again, beat on its own.
58) 24) text: We slowly FADE OUT to the sights and sounds of our  scientist- doctors working on Sebastian... And the  beeping of Sebastian's erratic heartbeat.
59) 0) text: Linda stares through the Plexiglas walls into the  Recovery Chamber. Inside the Chamber, Sarah and Carter- eye the various screens monitoring Sebastian's vitals. Linda watches the hollow pocket underneath the blanket.  She watches the rhythm of its rises and falls as  Sebastian sleeps. Matt comes up behind her.
59) 9) text: Linda pushes through the door of the recovery chamber and takes a seat by Sebastian's bedside. A little hurt, Matt  heads down the corridor.
61) 0) text: Linda sits by Sebastian's bedside, listening to the  constant rhythm of the machines. The sheets shift.
61) 4) dialog: So I guess it didn't work.
61) 7) text: Sebastian's voice is weak and strained.
62) 0) text: In a dusty shaft of light... A cotton swab. is dipped by a gloved hand into a jar of flesh-colored  cream make-up. We follow the hand as it raises the cotton swab into the darkness. The swab strokes over the black  and the rich fleshy cream spreads, revealing... EYE LIDS of a closed eye. The eyelids part, unveiling... PITCH BLACK. Blink. Blink. No eye. Not even a trace of a eye socket. Just darkness. A COLORED CONTACT LENS floats through mid-air... hovering before the eyelids. It turns and fastens itself to the  darkness between the lids. We PULL BACK slowly as Sebastian lifts a latex FACE MASK  and pulls it over his head. He checks his reflection in the mirror. He looks almost  human. Almost. A face, eyes, hands ... the rest of him  covered by surgical scrubs. We pull back and see the rest of the team looking on.
62) 2) dialog: The latex'll limit the amount of light  delivered to my optic nerves.
62) 4) text: Sebastian rises. He looks eerily removed from reality  with his cold blank expression.
64) 0) text: Sebastian, still in his latex and scrubs, but looking  like he's been dragged through the nine levels of  purgatory, is escorted back to the recovery chamber by  Linda and Matt. He crosses to his bed and collapses on it. Closes his  eyes.
64) 1) dialog: The testing's making me sick.
64) 4) dialog: I can't believe I have to spend  another night here. (to Linda) Suppose you're gonna go home now, meet  up with that boyfriend of yours now. 
64) 7) dialog: No. That's okay. It's just, being a  guinea pig is more work than I  thought. I'll be fine.
67) 0) text: Sebastian, in scrubs and make-up, paces back and forth. He slams the wall in frustration. He crosses to a mirror  and examines himself. He doesn't look half bad. He pokes  his cheeks. There's something about him that's a little  off, but only if you look close.
68) 0) text: A shadow falls across Carter's face. He looks up. It's  Sebastian wearing street clothes - jeans and a hooded  sweatshirt over his latex mask. Carter pulls of his earphones.
68) 2) dialog: Just stopped by to let you know, I'm  going out for a bit.
68) 3) text: Sebastian turns back into the hallway.
69) 0) text: Carter catches up with Sebastian.
69) 2) dialog: If I don't get out of here, I'm gonna  go crazy.
69) 4) dialog: Why not?
69) 6) dialog: Yes, but I made that rule. It's my  rule and I'm changing it.
69) 8) text: Sebastian hits the elevator button. The doors open.
69) 9) dialog: Carter, I was suppose to be like this  for three days. Three fucking days and  I'll be damned if I'm going to spend  the rest of my life as a prisoner in  this godforsaken dump. Now I'm going  out. I'll be back in a couple of  hours. Okay?
69) 10) text: The elevator doors close with Sebastian inside. Shit.
70) 0) text: The elevator doors open and Sebastian pushes past the  Marine Guard.
70) 2) text: Sebastian keeps his face turned away as he crosses to his Porsche.
70) 3) dialog: Yeah, well. You know how it in  sometimes.
70) 5) dialog: Thanks, but everything's cool. 
70) 6) text: Sebastian starts his car. It chugs a few times before  turning over and speeding out of the warehouse.
71) 0) text: The door opens and Sebastian switches on the lights. He looks around his apartment and sighs. It's good to be  home.
72) 0) text: Sebastian enters the bedroom, clicking on the light. He  looks at the ceiling, "You Should Be Working", and  smiles.
74) 0) text: Sebastian packs up a few personal belongings in an  overnight duffle. He crosses to his bookcase and pulls  out some books and throws them into the bag. But as he does, he notices a light come on in the window  across the courtyard. Sebastian turns off his bedroom  light and moves toward the window. He peers across the  courtyard into the Brunette's apartment. He watches the Brunette as she comes into the living room from her front hallway. She drops her keys on the table  and begins unbuttoning her blouse as she crosses to the  window. Just as the blouse slips off her shoulder, she  pulls her blinds shut.
74) 1) dialog: Shit.
74) 2) text: Frustrated, Sebastian steps away from the window and then stops. Something has occurred to him. SEBASTIAN (cont'd) Don't even think it...
74) 3) text: He looks down and notices his hand is trembling. His  breathing is a little heavy. A little nervous. He catches a glimpse at himself in the mirror. SEBASTIAN (cont'd) (almost whispering) Once...just once.
75) 0) text: Linda drives Sebastian's apartment. She spots his black  Porsche in the parking lot. She pulls over to the curb,  jumps out of her car and heads into the building.
77) 0) text: Linda exits the elevator and heads down to Sebastian's  door. She knocks. Waits. No answer. She knocks again.  Waits. And then she tries the door. It's unlocked. She pushes  the door open.
81) 0) text: We push over to the bathroom sink. The faucet turns on  and the water starts running. We see the water cup under the faucet and splash against  Sebastian's face. His face appears briefly in the water.  Then the water slips away. For second it sounds like he's crying, but then we hear  something far worse. He's laughing. Nervous laughter.
82) 9) text: They all turn around. At the door is Sebastian, back in  his latex outfit.
82) 11) dialog: I got a little stir crazy, so I went  to my apartment to pick up some stuff.
82) 13) dialog: What are you talking about?
82) 15) text: Caught dead to rights, Sebastian sinks into his chair. He thinks she knows. LINDA (cont'd) You put yourself and this project at  risk.
82) 16) dialog: Just what did you see in my apartment?
82) 19) text: Sebastian realizes that they don't know.
82) 20) dialog: Don't make a mountain out of molehill.  I didn't let anyone see me.
82) 22) dialog: Come on, Linda. You don't expect me to  be some kind of prisoner.
82) 24) dialog: I'm still Project Leader, Linda. It's  my decision to make.
82) 26) dialog: Matt?
82) 28) text: A long beat. Sebastian slowly rises, acknowledges Linda  with a nod and leaves the room. Linda looks around at her silent co-workers, the goggles and tranqs still on the  table.
83) 0) text: The Lab is buzzing with the usual activity. Linda rolls  up Sebastian's sleeve, revealing nothing.
83) 3) dialog: (contentious) How much blood do you think you've  taken so far?
83) 6) dialog: Every day... feels like you're sucking  me dry.
83) 7) text: Linda presses down on the hypodermic plunger, releasing a dye into his bloodstream. SEBASTIAN (cont'd) It's funny. All these years I've known  you, I never pegged you for a  megalomanic.
83) 9) dialog: The shoe being on the other foot. You  getting to run things.
83) 12) dialog: Don't patronize me. (beat) And for the record, you've got no idea  what it's like. I get up every morning  and you people stick needles in me.  You bombard me with radiation until I  vomit. And then at six it's over for  you. You get to go home. But Sebastian  is still here. Sebastian can't leave,  or else. That's the worst part, you  know. Here I have this ... this GIFT  and I can't even use it.
83) 14) dialog: You're goddamn right it's a gift. And  if you weren't so goddamned short  sighted, I'd be out there right now  trying to master it. 
83) 15) text: Sebastian looks around at the other scientists staring at him. He tosses the hypo with the needle onto the  instrument tray and heads toward the door.
83) 17) dialog: Looks like I'm going nowhere.
83) 19) dialog: Do them yourself.
84) 0) text: Linda enters to find Sebastian reading the collected  works of T.S. Elliot.
84) 2) dialog: No.
84) 5) dialog: Funny, huh? I've become a literal  metaphor.
84) 8) dialog: I know. And you being right doesn't  make it any easier for me.
84) 10) dialog: I'm not scared of being stuck this  way. With a little more make-up and  practice, I could... (he motions to his face) ... pass. Y'know, get by in the world.  But the testing...
84) 12) dialog: What if it's years? I don't know how  much more testing I can take.
85) 0) text: Sebastian paces back and forth, glancing at the camera.
86) 0) text: Linda, Matt and Sebastian, in latex and scrubs, stare at  an electron microscope's video display. On the screen in  a sparse colony of blood calls but every second more and  more cells appear, filling the gap.
86) 3) dialog: We've got it. We've got it.
86) 7) dialog: Come on, baby. Come on.
86) 10) dialog: You're sorry? You're fucking sorry? 
86) 11) text: Sebastian picks up a glass beaker and hurls it against  the wall. It shatters. SEBASTIAN (cont'd) Six weeks of this shit and you're  sorry!
86) 12) text: He grabs more equipment and begins tossing it in a rage.  Carter and Janice grab him and restrain him. After  struggling against them a beat or two, Sebastian calms  down and pushes away from them and heads out the door.
87) 3) dialog: I'm going to the lab.
87) 5) dialog: Waste of time. Da Vinci never slept.
88) 0) text: Frank eyes Sebastian in the monitor.
88) 2) text: He watches as Sebastian's heat signature moves toward the door.
89) 0) text: In the dark deserted lab, Sebastian pulls together a  circuit board, a computer chip and some wiring. He seems be assembling something.
90) 0) text: Sebastian crosses underneath the camera... just out of  its range... reaches up and using a screwdriver, unscrews the access panel. He scans the electronics and attaches  two alligator clips to wires on the circuit board. Trailing a long length of wire, Sebastian crosses back to his bed and lies down. He holds a black project box with  a button on it. He lies perfectly still and press the  button.
92) 0) text: Sebastian rises and begins to peel off his latex.
93) 0) text: Sebastian's POV - Various animals stir restlessly. A DOG, visible, leaps against the Plexiglas, barking wildly. We  push further down the corridor.
94) 0) text: Again, Sebastian's POV as he pushes through the open door of the observation room. We see Frank sorting through  various computer readouts, highlighting certain coding  sequences. We push in until we are looking over Frank's shoulder at  the video monitor. According to the video, Sebastian is  sleeping soundly in his room.
96) 0) text: Frank glances over at the video monitor. He can see  Sebastian's heat signature lying in the bed. Frank feels something on his neck. He flicks whatever it  is away with his hand and goes back to work.
102) 0) text: Close on the security camera. The wires have been removed and the access panel replaced. Sebastian whistles a cheerful tune as he finishes  applying his makeup. The door opens and Linda and Matt  enter.
102) 1) dialog: Ah, my two favorite people. Good  morning.
102) 4) dialog: You know some days you just wake up  feeling the world is full of  potential. Like your eyes have been  opened.
102) 6) text: Linda hands Sebastian a disk.
102) 8) dialog: Cook up a batch and let's see where we  go.
102) 10) dialog: I trust you. Now if you'll excuse me,  I need to have my head examined.
105) 0) text: Sebastian holds his latex head on his lap, while EEG  leads hang suspended in mid-air, outlining his real head. Carter analyzes the results.
105) 11) text: Carter pulls off the electrodes and Sebastian slides on  his latex facemask.
105) 12) dialog: And what if it weren't fantasy? What  if you were out there in the world and  could do whatever you wanted with no  consequences whatsoever. How far would  go? I mean... if it were real?
105) 14) dialog: Let's say you saw a woman with amazing  tits. Would you brush against them?
105) 16) dialog: Human nature. So if you could get away  with more, would you do more?
105) 18) dialog: Eighty two percent? Makes you wonder  if the world's ready for what we're  doing.
105) 20) dialog: What do you mean?
105) 22) dialog: I just walked around. Y'know.
105) 24) dialog: Like what?
105) 26) dialog: Kind of sophomoric, don't you think.  Besides, it was late and I wasn't out  that long.
105) 28) dialog: There was this one girl.
105) 30) dialog: Naw...
105) 31) text: Sebastian gives Carter a sly grin. SEBASTIAN (cont'd) Well maybe a little. (beat) I tell you though, a man could get  used to it.
106) 3) text: Linda-jumps. SEBASTIAN'S VOICE (cont'd) Sorry, didn't mean to frighten you.
109) 0) text: On a fire escape, we see the ladder shake and descend to  the ground. The metal rattles back and forth as if  something were climbing it. We slowly crane up the fire escape and hold on a window.  Through the wispy curtains and dirty glass we can see  Linda enter the room. The panel of glass fogs from  Sebastian's breath. The fog wipes away, seemingly by  itself. But then through the window we see Matt walk into the  living room and put his arms around Linda's waist. We  hear a shocked intake of air. He kisses her neck and then slowly unzips her dress. Her  dress falls to the floor. Matt takes off his sport coat  and drapes it over a chair, while Linda unfastens the  buttons of his shirt. They're laughing now, exchanging  kisses. Matt reaches behind Linda and unhooks her bra. He kisses  his way down her neck to her breasts. Linda pulls him to  her. Suddenly the window shatters. Startled, both Matt and  Linda jump back covering themselves. We hear Sebastian's footsteps as he retreats down the  fire escape. A moment later Matt reaches the window and peers out. He  sees the fire escape ladder slowly rise back up down  below.
110) 2) text: Carter looks at the security monitor of the recovery  room. Sebastian's heat signature lies still on the bed. CARTER (cont'd) No. No. He's here No, I'm staring at  him. He's right there in his room.
112) 2) text: A photograph of Linda drifts through the air and settles  atop a flaming candle. It ignites into fire, twisting and turning in mid-air, then falling on the floor as ash. A  beat later water runs from the sink faucet. It forms in  the shape of hands and splashes against his face,  dripping away. SEBASTIAN'S VOICE (cont'd) And the cyclops screamed out, "Who is  it who blinds me?" and Odysseus  replied "Nobody is my name". And the  Cyclops raged to his friends "Nobody  is killing me. Nobody".
112) 6) text: The Plexiglas door to the doggie's cage swings open and  some invisible force grabs little doggie around the neck. The force squeezes its little fur ball throat until the  barking stops. SEBASTIAN'S VOICE (cont'd) Nobody's gonna hurt you. 
112) 7) text: The force keeps squeezing until the little doggie goes  limp. Then the dog smashes against the Plexiglas over and over until blood spills out its mouth. The Plexiglas door swings closed again and moments later the door to  Sebastian's cubicle closes as well. The water runs in  Sebastian's sink washing the blood away from his now half visible hands.
114) 7) text: Sebastian pulls a sheet around him. He moves across the  dimly lit room like a ghost.
114) 8) dialog: What of?
116) 0) text: Linda passes Sebastian's chamber. Sebastian's in latex.
116) 1) dialog: Any big plans for tonight?
116) 3) dialog: Really? Whatever happened to that guy  your were seeing?
116) 5) dialog: Being locked down here, I'm forced to  live vicariously. Someday you'll have  to tell me what he's like.
116) 7) dialog: Au domain.
116) 8) text: Sebastian watches Linda walk away. He glances at the  camera and starts to peel off his face.
117) 0) text: The elevator door opens. It's empty. SEBASTIAN'S POV - as we push past the guard and down onto the street.
118) 0) text: Empty street. We hear whistling. Splashes of water splat  out from shallow puddles,,as Sebastian walks through  them. SEBASTIAN'S POV - A car approaches. As it drives by we  see Matt and Linda inside, heading back to the warehouse. The footsteps stop.
121) 0) text: Empty. The elevator door opens and we push out into the  hallway. Sebastian's POV
122) 0) text: We follow Sebastian down the hallway to his cubicle. But  as he rounds the corner, he quickly ducks back. The  entire research team is in his cubicle. Sebastian slowly  approaches and watches as Frank takes down his video  board.
122) 13) text: Sebastian's POV - He backs away and races down the hall.
125) 0) text: In the dim spillover light from house, Kramer crosses to  the telephone- box against the back of the house. It Is  open and several of the wires have been pulled. He looks  around, spooked and puffs out a cloud of smoke from his  pipe. For the briefest of instants, Sebastian's face is  visible in the smoke. Kramer jumps back in surprise and  the pipe drops from his mouth. He gives a small sharp  cry, but deep indentations appear across his mouth and  his cries are stifled. In the darkness, we can make out  his form writhing as if possessed. The struggle continues a beat until Kramer manages to break free.
125) 2) text: As Kramer runs, he looks behind him. But no one's there.  WHAM! Something slams into Kramer and he tumbles, rolling into the pool. But as he hits water there's not just one  splash, but TWO. In the water next to him is human shaped AIR-POCKET. It's Sebastian displacing the water. And  because of the water displacement, we can clearly see two arms pushing Kramer beneath the water's surface.  MARTHA KRAMER opens the bedroom window and looks down at  the pool. All she can see is her husband drowning... his  flailing limbs kicking up a massive air bubble around  him. She races from the window. Kramer kicks and flails  for a few moments and then his limbs stop moving. A  moment later he floats to surface, face down. The AIR  POCKET bobs over to the pool ladder, and rising from the  pool, we see Sebastian's body outlined in sheets of  water. The shape melts away in a cascading waterfall  until all we can see of Sebastian are the hundreds of  tiny droplets still clinging to his body, caught in the  light like twinkling bulbs on a Christmas tree. The shape disappears into the darkness. A moment later Martha  emerges from the house and sees her husband floating face down in the pool. She screams.
126) 0) text: Linda passes by Sebastian's chamber.
131) 0) text: The team approaches Sebastian's chamber. Carter pulls on  the pair of thermal goggles dangling from his neck up. THERMAL POV - The chamber is empty.
131) 2) text: Linda enters the chamber. She notes that Sebastian's face and makeup are on the sink vanity. Linda crosses to the  phone and hits the "PAGE BUTTON"
147) 0) text: Linda watches the two separate and come around Sebastian  in a pincer move. Suddenly, the blip that was Sebastian disappears. Linda  grabs the walkie.
148) 27) text: Matt opens fire with the tranquilize, shooting at the  ceiling until he spends his dart rounds. MATT (cont'd) Sebastian? Goddamnit! Let him go.
158) 2) text: His voice keeps shifting. Matt fires. SEBASTIAN'S VOICE (cont'd) Not even close.
158) 4) dialog: So... just out of curiosity, how long  has my best friend been fucking my ex- girlfriend.
165) 12) dialog: You.
165) 13) text: The trigger pulls .... Pop! A dart explodes from the gun and imbeds in Sarah's  stomach. She whimpers as her eyes glass over. Suddenly  she's released. She stumbles backward and falls lifeless  to the floor. A moment of stillness, all we can hear is  the sound of someone breathing. On Sarah's face... a slight-indentation runs down her  cheek.. Almost sweet... almost tender. And slight indentation  runs across her breast and strokes down her body. The  sense of violation and vulnerability is awful. Sebastian  sighs.
165) 15) text: Sarah's head shifts slightly. Her head shifts violently,  accompanied by the celery crunch of her neck snapping.  Sebastian exhales, his breath filled with the  intoxication of power.
169) 0) text: The three scientists follow the bloody footprints down  the hallway past the empty cages in the tunnel of  habitats. All clutch their tranquilizer pistols. The footprints lead past the habitats to Sebastian's  chamber. They see Sarah's body in the dim light.
169) 14) text: Silence. The three cautiously move out. They stand back  to back, each one facing out. They move toward the door  of the Chamber. LINDA (cont'd) Sebastian. Sebastian, listen to me.
169) 19) text: They identify the general area the voice is coming from:  Back inside the Chamber! They slowly move toward the  Chamber door. With lightning speed they slam the door  shut, locking Sebastian inside the Recovery Chamber.
170) 2) text: Sebastian TOGGLES the intercom switch OFF. We pan over to one of the working video screens ... Matt and Frank  stride down the hallway. The chair swivels and the  observation room door swings open slightly.
172) 6) text: She clamors over to him. But Matt rises in the air and is tossed against the lab table. Linda levels her dart  pistol and fires haphazardly at the air. She hits nothing but objects jerk and move in a line as Sebastian heads  for cover. Linda manages to grab Matt and pull him to  her. LINDA (cont'd) Hang on!
172) 11) text: Linda hits the lights. The lab is now very, very dark. SEBASTIAN'S VOICE (cont'd) See, I've spent all my time down here  thinking up this plan. When they find  you, they'll find a pile of charred  corpses. The result of a terrible  accident, I'm afraid.
176) 10) text: She rises, and looks outside the porthole into the room.  Suddenly it fogs up and she almost sees a face. She  stumbles backward, and the door starts rattling. Linda  scrambles over to hold the metal crowbar in place.  Sebastian pulls and rattles on the freezer door. To no  avail. It's not gonna budge. Finally he gives up. The  door stops shaking. Linda is relieved, briefly.  Still.  Then she hears the click of the door locking.
177) 0) text: We hear WHISTLING as we see a sheet of flesh fill out  into a head as Sebastian slides on his latex head piece.
181) 0) text: Sebastian, dressed in street clothes, stands before the  mirror applying make-up to his latex mask.
183) 0) text: Sebastian slides on a wig and checks his appearance in  the mirror. Pretty smooth. Even from relatively close up, he could pass as normal.
185) 0) text: Sebastian heads down the corridor. Lingering steam twists in and around the hallway, long wispy tendrils. Sebastian pauses for a moment, hearing A GROWL. Suddenly the  hallway seems a lot scarier. From beneath his scrubs he  pulls his own tranq gun. He listens ... hearing scraping  and footsteps. Watching the water on the floor twitch.  With machine like precision, he turns and fires. The  tranq dart halts in mid-air and some invisible thing  tumbles over. Sebastian continues down the hallway.
187) 0) text: Sebastian enters, fully dressed. At a distance it'd be  hard to tell his secret. He pulls several chemicals off  the shelves. Then he pulls a tray of test tubes over and  begins mixing.
189) 0) text: Sebastian loads the filled test tubes into the  centrifuge. Dozens of other vials are already slotted. He takes one of the left over vials, considers it a moment  and then flings it over to the other side of the lab. The vial shatters and... EXPLODES. A powerful explosion that rocks the room.
191) 0) text: Sebastian looks over the dozens of other test tubes,  calculating their combined power in his mind. Then he  closes the top of the centrifuge. He taps a few commands  into its timer.
193) 0) text: Sebastian exits the lab, locking the door behind him. He  heads down the darkened tunnel. Something scampers in  front of him. Small, not visible. Sebastian sends it  reeling with a swift violent kick.
194) 0) text: Sebastian, dressed and in full latex, comes striding up  the tunnel. He taps a code into the elevator vault doors. The vault doors open revealing the elevator. The doors slide open and Sebastian steps inside.
194) 2) dialog: Caine. One One One One One.
194) 6) dialog: You said it yourself, Lin. I shouldn't  hold on to the past.
194) 9) text: She hits the top of a LIGHTER duct-taped to the hose. A  line of PRESSURIZED FIRE BLOWS into the elevator.  WWHHHOOOOSSHHHH! Sebastian goes up in flame. Linda runs  toward the elevator. Just as the door's about to close,  she slides. Her foot jamming into it.  She lets loose with the flame again. Sebastian, backed  into the corner, has no where to go. He's yelling in  pain. His latex FACE BUBBLES and burns. The surgical  scrubs SINGE BLACK. With no other escape route, he dives  toward the door. Linda looks up to see his flaming body  fly over her, back into the corridor. Linda kills the  tank as Sebastian continues to burn. The elevator lights  flickers and the security panel goes up in a shower of  sparks. The elevator dies. Linda pulls herself to her  feet and turns to see... Half of Sebastian's head MELTED AWAY, his latex facade a  gruesome smoke-damaged mass. His clothes are half burned  revealing large blistering bubbly welts underneath, like  deformed blackened bubble wrap. Sebastian crawls to his feet, but Linda hits him with  another shot of flame. Sebastian pulls at his clothes as he crawls around the  corner.
194) 10) dialog: Oh God!
194) 13) text: Linda turns the corner to see a heap of smoldering latex  and clothing strewn about the corridor floor. Sebastian,  looking like some ugly creature, pushes down the  corridor. He throbs with his blackened skin blistering  and cracking up and down his body. Linda lets loose  another jet of flame. It's smaller than the first and  doesn't quite hit Sebastian. Linda checks the tanks  pressure gauge. It slowly drops. Linda follows the  blackened horror into the maze of tunnels. But as he  pushes along the corridor, his burns slowly re- absorb  themselves. Sebastian is no longer visible. A quiet  moment in the hallway as Linda realizes how vulnerable  she is. She looks around for him desperately. Nothing.  But something on the ceiling catches her attention. She  blasts it with the last jet of her dying torch. THE  SPRINKLER SYSTEM, hit by fire, comes to life. Water  sprays down on the tunnel. Sebastian is caught in the  downpour, his invisible frame outlined by water. It comes toward her, the hot skin steaming in the water. He grabs  Linda and slams her against the wall. His watery hand  smashes her across her face. Linda reels. On the floor,  she looks to see Sebastian stalking toward her. She  crawls away, but he grabs her by her hair, pulls her to  her feet and slams her against the wall.
194) 14) dialog: I'm gonna find everyone in your family  and kill them-. Your sister... she  never liked me. I think I'll go after  her and her little boy first. 
194) 15) text: Sebastian smashes her head against a metal post. Her head cuts open, blood dripping down. SEBASTIAN (cont'd) I just wanted you to know that before  you die.
194) 16) text: Linda collapses to the floor. Sebastian's foot presses  against her neck, squeezing it. Linda gags for breath.  But through the shoot of water that is Sebastian, we see  something also... a watery smudge.
194) 20) text: Just as the two turn, Sebastian rises with the crowbar.  He swings it with a yell. Matt pushes Linda out of the  way, his arm glancing the blow into a conduit. The  conduit splits open and severs ELECTRICAL wiring. The  VOLTAGE shoots up the crowbar and into Sebastian. As the  current pulses through his body, Sebastian vibrates. His  blood vessels yank back to visibility, followed by his  skeletal structure and major organs. Sebastian is slowly  electrified. Smoke pours off him and he becomes more and  more visible. Finally he collapses. His body throbbing in and out of visibility. Matt and Linda stumble away.
206) 13) text: Sebastian pulls himself up Linda's body. Translucent  dirty hands paving at the fabric of her clothes. Linda  tries to climb with this thing on her. But Sebastian  grabs her around the neck. She begins choking for breath. Linda fights to keep her grip on the ladder... She looks  down at the ten foot drop to the elevator and then... She lets go!
206) 15) text: She and Sebastian plummet through the smoky haze and slam against the top of the elevator. Linda seems to hover a  few above the elevator, Sebastian's shadowy outline below her. Matt painfully lowers himself down the ladder. But  metal groans and the elevator drops another five feet.  Linda struggles to her feet. Sebastian rises. A menacing  dark figure stalking toward her. Linda pushes back from  him. Sebastian grabs her by the hair and pulls bar over  to the ladder. The elevator strains and groans.
206) 17) text: Sebastian presses her up against the ladder. Presses into her from behind. He has her trapped. His dirty hand  reaches out and strokes her hair.
206) 18) dialog: Remember the day we met? You were  wearing a red dress and you were so  pretty. Now... Now look at you.
206) 20) text: Sebastian pulls her hair back and kisses her neck with  his filthy, dirt-smeared mouth and half-burned away face. MATT (cont'd) Sebastian, stop it.
206) 21) text: Linda and Sebastian struggle. Matt reaches down to try  and grab her, help her.
206) 22) dialog: You fucked it all up.
206) 25) text: Linda stamps on the brake release. The ELEVATOR TUMBLES  ... along with Sebastian. It slams into the fiery abyss a hundred yards below. Linda hangs, one hand holding onto  the ladder, the other holding onto Matt. Matt pulls her  back onto the ladder, using all his remaining strength.