4) 38) dialog: Can’t...too much to do here... She curses. The artificial leg is too big. The little gir seems to realize it, looks back at them blankly. CATHY (pissed, to Sister Stan) T told Cleveland the size! They promised me! She throws it back in the box, frustrated.
11) 0) text: Doctor Rock is in back in One of the cells, Sweating out worst moment of his life. a +38 revolver is aimed right a his temple. A drunk POLICEMAN who looks like a bug-eyea Rodney Dangerfield, laughs and Pulls the trigger. Click. The THREE OTHER POLICEMEN, some of then without shirts, waving Tic-tac bottles, all laugh. Carlos is there, beaten around the face and chest. CATHY MOORE and BOYLE arriving not a second too soon. x Cathy well known in the community, speaking rapid and excellent Spanish. Boyle Plopping down the scotch and Opening it. He's Carrying his car radio and speakers which he's just ripped’ out.
11) 15) dialog: I'm all right, sir. Richard Boyle sir... he did some stories on you in Cambodia?
16) 23) text: come penne eee eee ee A 65a QRev 5/30/85) . 78. ‘INTERIOR PANAMA CLUB ~-WIGET 7B. Arched sumptuous room now gone to seed, cubicles with che curtains, grilles on the windows bespeaking late 19th Cen Spanish architecture, now lurid with red and green lighti cheap posters, half-naked whores dancing with campecinos for a dime. Tic-tac monsters all over the place... ee ee ee yy 7 66. (Rev 5/6/85) Cont'd Dector Rock is slow dancing to Pat Boone's “A White Sport Coat and a Pink Carnation” with WILMA, his new girlfriend hooker, Cassady with another. vi In the back cubicle, CATHY MOORE is conducting her clinic giving penicillin shots to the hookers. MAMA MONCHA is slapping pupusas together in her big fat h giving Boyle a dirty look as he staggers in, asking for more credit.
16) 37) dialog: Come on Richard, you 42 years old, you're old enough to be her father. Forget her. . x
16) 41) dialog: Sure you will Richard, why don't you settle down with somebody who...fits with you
16) 47) dialog: z don't know, I guess I love it here too... (a smile between them) oe Bay that's a beautiful clonnardé ring, Rich (touching it on his finger)
16) 50) dialog: Going to the airport. Two of the sisters are coming back from Nicaragua.
16) 52) dialog: Sometime Richard, yes...but on one condition. No more tic-tac Richard... you hear me? 79.
16) 56) dialog: Well I have to run... Her radiant smile, she pats his hand like she was handlin gentle tic-tac monster. Behind her the entire focus of th room has shifted. Boyle notices. SMILING DEATH, in a Lieutenant's hat, Mano Blanco Party s Diack leather gloves, new pair of boots, sun glasses and his pistol in a purse, stands in the doorway. The campeci Grinking and talking more quietly, the little kids showin Two of his BOYS follow Smiling Death to the bar where the survey the scene, buy vodkas. The Hookers scurrying quiet BOYLE (sufficiently cognizant) 3°12 walk you to your car They cross the room, Smiling Death running his eyes up an Gown her body. RHINOCEROS is standing in the door way a t-shirt marked "Grab em by the Balls and their Hearts and Minds'll follow,* leers at Cathy, as if he'd like to rape every orifice in her body. EXT. PARKING LOT = PANAMA CLUB - NIGHT 79. Cathy gets in her car, Richard closing the door. °God be with you Rich"...°God be with you Cathy"..."See you in Ireland next year®...°You got it ‘Cathy, Abbie Street, Easter Sunday"... She drives off. Boyle heads back to the Panama Club, but his way is blocked by Smiling Death and his Boys.
16) 71) text: CATHY MOORE helps SISTERS MEGHAN BURKIT, CHARLOTTE WAGNER and DOROTHY KAZEL with their belongings into the curbside Police patrol by them, watching. The van pulls out. SINT. WUNS' VAN - ROAD - NIGET 84. The Nuns are chatting about Nicaragua as Cathy looks up i the rear view mirror. Sees the headlights of the trailing Cherokee. She accelerates. The lights stay right behind her. In fact get closer. Cat mutters something under her breath. But still thinks it's only a form of harrassment. “Get your passports ready sis The Cherokee makes a sudden move, forcing their Van off t roaa into a-ditch.
17) 2) dialog: What do you want? We've done nothing. These are two sisters of the Maryknoll... I am a good friend of the American Ambassador White...you are going to be in a lot of trouble. Now get out of here. She walks steadfastly for the van. But the Frog, laughing at her speech, grabs her by the arm, whirls her around with incredible violence -- and smiles into her face, rotten gold teeth, tic-tac fumes.
18) 0) text: A deserted brush and arroyo. The headlights of the van snap on. Cathy and the two Nuns are revealed. The Mano Blanco Song is playing loud on the radio. The Frog and his second, the SCORPION, really getting up for the rape now, finishing the tic-tac bottle.
18) 4) text: \ The Scorpion ripping the clothes off the recalcitrant O Nun...and throwing her in the ditch, staggering down to m | co Cathy is being fucked by two of the animals inside t : f van, wnicn 38 rocking back ana forth, the patriotic p SONGS still playing off the tape deck...She has a look of | resignation, yet tolerant, hopeful.