11) 16) dialog: Good to see you again, Richard...please sit down BOYLE (effusive beggary again) You might remember sir...the taking of Phnom Penh ..I was actually the last “,merican journalist to leave Cambodia...
11) 17) dialog: Is that so?
11) 20) dialog: That was awful what they did in Cambodia, weren't you one of the people who wrote them up as the Good guys at one time? BOYLE (flustered) Yes sir, I was really wrong on that one.
11) 28) dialog: That's not up to me Richard, you know the léws here, she has to go to her hometown... where's she from?
18) 23) dialog: Stor it Richard... .if You do that we'l) @11 do that Boyle blinks at him. Rock is Standing there with WILMA in Mourning, she's crying. He can't smoke cigarette . anymor Crushes it under foot. Kelly going over to the Gelegation from the town, led by MAYOR GONZALEZ, the weak little mou of a mayor, Partially drunk on Tic-tac, wide guilty eyes. Kelly's PUBLIC AFFAIRS OFFICER, CAROL SNODGRASS, ig talki quietly to Kelly, be 9¢ be
18) 25) dialog: Will he talk?
18) 27) dialog: What are the chances of that?
18) 29) dialog: 2+-Well tell him he's got no business signing death Certificates without an autopsy. I want one today...I want to know if these bullets were government or rebel. (Carol translating in expert Spanish) ROCK comes over. “want a Cigarette? Want a valium? No. Wa me to leave you alone?" x Pauline intersects Bovle who shakes himself out of his st
18) 37) dialog: Puck it, I give up) I'm going to recommend to Washington we cut off all aid -- military and economic as of now. Hyde and Allworthy are stunned, look at each other.
18) 43) dialog: No it isn't! It's totally irresponsible that's what it is. You may think me a fool but America as I see it is dedicated to some kind of ideals, we do believe in something and these murdering bastards are not what we are about. And I'm not Supporting them. Not one damn day longer! Be walks away.
23) 0) text: THE BALLS ARE CROWDED WITH US OFFICERS, CIVILIANS, briefc guns, action, cables, quick movement as KELLY watks into briefing room over to BLACK JACK MORGAN, who rips off a report on the telex. The room is filled with computers, tracking satellite scans, the latest commo equipment.
23) 6) dialog: I will not be stampeded like this, Paul. (to Morgan) Substantiate that Nicaragua stuff right now.
23) 10) dialog: All right, I'm going to recommend to the President that we resume Military assistance. {to his aide) Get me Washington. Give the order to x release the ordinance ané petrol stock- Piled at Tlopango.
25) 17) text: 9e5 Rev 5/21/8: 2i5A CONT'D : 115 a MORGAN (Jauchs) Who do you think? We got Santa Ana back and the Indians are running for the hills...Oh by the way, you hear about Kelly?