5) 3) text: “~ 35. Cont'a MAJOR MAX 35. o+-this dunbshit Duarte now has to go back and lick his puta‘'s pussy, the . shit-faced faggot everyday looks more and more like a watermelon -- Christian Democrat green on the outside and when my machete splits him open, Moscow reé on the inside!... They roar with laughter at this. He raises the magic bullet in the air for all of them to see, and now walks among the twelve men, touching each on the back of the ne
5) 4) dialog: ooeYes, the time's come now for us brothers o> former members of Orden, Patriots of the Maximilio Hernandez Brigade, brothers of the Mano Blanco -- (each subunit reacting with pride) and these fucking priests that are poisoning the minds of our Salvadoran youth are gonna be the first to bleed... they're pig shit and this Romero is the biggest pig shit of all -- a shit-faced Gesecration of an Archbishop...and with ~~ this bullet he will be the first to die... For every one of our people, we will kill 100 of them. We will avenge the killers of the South African Ambassador, of Colonel Rosario, of Molina, and Gutierrez ané the Mayor of El] Paraiso...al1 these shit-faced subversives that have solé our country out to the communists will die... Duarte, Kelly, Erlich, Zaun (runs off a whole list), the pseudo-journalists sent here by the Zionist Communist conspiracy, they will all @ie...Now who will be the : One among you to rid me of this Romero? . The TWELVE MEN come forward as one. MAJOR MAX (proud of his boys) (picks one) : - You will be famous. Songs will be sung about you. . Good...you... Gives him the bullet which the young SOLDIER accepts prou Max kisses him on the cheeks. Then they all 6nap.out thei Kazi salutes and start to sing the solemn, yet unintentio yf ~” "humorous Mand Blanco Natfonal Anthem -- Patria s&, e : Comunisme no...” etc. Smiling Death, his arm outraised, is prouder now than he has ever been in his life. He now belongs.
11) 61) text: (Rev 5/21/85) 64 Cont'd 2 64 The Bishop moves on, Maria and Richard rising to leave, hh Maria crossing herself, Richard remembering to do so. The Bishop moves on down the altar, gives a wafer to a young man. . fhe kneeling young man, whom we may now recognize as the one who took his own form of communion at Major Max's vil spits in the Bishop's hand, curses him: "hijo de putai® and. shoots him with the silencer in his purse. fhe silencer blast blows the Bishop back, his white raime splashed red with blood. Another blast follows. Maria turning around, screams. AS do others. The commotion spreads. The YOUNG MAN walks away, unnoticed. Richard grabs Maria, moves her out quickly as he can.
14) 0) text: ro GOMEZ, Max's Second, walks in with a suitcase which he open in front of MAJOR MAX. It's loaded with cash == $400 Gomez, a fat smart W.C. Fields type, with his .45 bulging from under his shirt, is very happy. The deal is coming t vest
16) 0) text: In a gruncy oupseria right off the street where he likes hang out, Peter Cunningham is furious at Boyle. x 63. (Rev 5/21/85 . 72. Cont'd : 72. t ’ CUNNINGHAM ~~ Atlanta's really pissed off at you man. They got some call from some Madison Avenue outfit and State Department. Why are you such a fucking disaster Boyle? We sent you in there for a simple story 4 Man, not to get into a fight with Major Max! . And you fucked up my camera. §3500! x BOYLE (sheepish) Peter, level with me -- does this mean CNN doesn't want my services anymore? eee CUNNINGHAM (throws up his hands) . I like you Richard but you're just too . °dinky dau". What can I 6o?...They got the power. To ers a 73. XINT. MG - ROADS = DAY 73. Racing back to Libertad with CASSADY, BOYLE has the radio on to some dinky music station playing sarbas as he mutte Garkly, passing the Tic-tac bottle back and forth with Ca
28) 0) text: Boyle is drinking beer, his Major Max hat on his head as GUARDSMEN bring him fried chicken, returning #11 his poss treating him like a major Gignitary now, all smiles. Pedr Grinking a beer with him, showing his Girty pictures and guffawing. Grasshopper offering him an @utographed pictur of Major Max. The Bull giving him back the exposed rolls of film as if they were still good.