4) 60) text: . Choy oy Richard -- last I heard the Khmer Rouge put a pickax in your head... BOYLE (a grim chuckle) No, Peter, look I still got my head.
6) 14) dialog: Is that you Major Max? You still” watching the house? Maria giggles like a little girl, they tickle each other, the moment interrupted as Rock and CARLOS, Maria's 15 yea brother, bang into the house, his radio blaster playing. He's a sharp little hippie in an L.A. Rams tee-shirt and a Grateful Dead hat, he talks an outdated slang. As he gives Boyle their old handshake.
11) 61) text: (Rev 5/21/85) 64 Cont'd 2 64 The Bishop moves on, Maria and Richard rising to leave, hh Maria crossing herself, Richard remembering to do so. The Bishop moves on down the altar, gives a wafer to a young man. . fhe kneeling young man, whom we may now recognize as the one who took his own form of communion at Major Max's vil spits in the Bishop's hand, curses him: "hijo de putai® and. shoots him with the silencer in his purse. fhe silencer blast blows the Bishop back, his white raime splashed red with blood. Another blast follows. Maria turning around, screams. AS do others. The commotion spreads. The YOUNG MAN walks away, unnoticed. Richard grabs Maria, moves her out quickly as he can.
12) 0) text: : A riot developing, people running in all directions. AR i moving in, making arrests. Richard hustles Maria to the MG, waving his Press Card. The cops run by hin. Re gets a glimpse of Ramon Alvarez and Carmen Sanchez bei dragged protesting along with SEVERAL OTHERS. They are th into an, army truck. x
16) 0) text: In a gruncy oupseria right off the street where he likes hang out, Peter Cunningham is furious at Boyle. x 63. (Rev 5/21/85 . 72. Cont'd : 72. t ’ CUNNINGHAM ~~ Atlanta's really pissed off at you man. They got some call from some Madison Avenue outfit and State Department. Why are you such a fucking disaster Boyle? We sent you in there for a simple story 4 Man, not to get into a fight with Major Max! . And you fucked up my camera. §3500! x BOYLE (sheepish) Peter, level with me -- does this mean CNN doesn't want my services anymore? eee CUNNINGHAM (throws up his hands) . I like you Richard but you're just too . °dinky dau". What can I 6o?...They got the power. To ers a 73. XINT. MG - ROADS = DAY 73. Racing back to Libertad with CASSADY, BOYLE has the radio on to some dinky music station playing sarbas as he mutte Garkly, passing the Tic-tac bottle back and forth with Ca
16) 7) text: : CASSADY (drinking the Tic-tac) essnight of the long knives, man, coming down. I were you Boyle, I'd lay low... They're not fucking around anymore. 74. EXT._TOWN SQUARE - LIBERTAD - DAY 1. 75. 76. Richard pulls the MG in as he sees ROCK drunk inthe squar with three Tic-tac monsters, begging for handouts.
29) 4) text: +, verge nen ae te ee ren aeeerriee  nnne ee ll. 134. Cont'd ; 13% Duglas and Reina are staring wide-eyed out the window at Gringoland. eeethe shiny car wash palaces, the diners with their craz signs, the fast cars, it's all new to hin. - The bus coming to a stop, air brakes. Boyle looking around. What the hell is it. The Goor opens. An IMMIGRATION OFFICER comes on. Looking Erik Estrada, six feet, dark sunglasses, shiny gun, radio on his hip, he struts down the aisle, checking the papers on certain Latino types -- ignoring the Anglos. Boyle, freaking out, grips Maria's hand. She obviously kn terrified by the uniform on the large gringo. The OFFICER comes up to Richard, looks at Maria, the kids BOYLE (handing him his Press Card) Bi...took my wife and kids to Nogales for the day. SUNGLASSES (to Maria) Are you his wife? Maria is unable to answer, frozen in terror. The Officer