6) 21) text: They're eating lobsters outdoors on the patio -- BOYLE, M REINA and DUGLAS, their GRANDMOTHER (a feisty little monk of a lady chewing on a cigar), CARLOS and two of his youn friends, RAFAEL and JAIMIE. The rest of the place is jamm with diners. A mariachi band is playing and things are getting rowdy. Boyle is devouring lobster, Tic-tac, joint being passed around, A_DRUNKEN TIC-TAC MONSTER wanders just outside the restau along the beach, drops his pants and squats in the shadow 44. a (Rev 5/21/85) Cont'd : “ Rock, eating, is turned off. . ROBERTO, the American exile owner of the restaurant, ex-surfer, straiaht, married to a Salvadoran woman, in we his late thrities, comes over to Boyle with a check. Boyle giving him a thumbs up salute. Dinner was qreat. Looking over the bill. BOYLE (aside) Say Poberta listen...I wh...3 didn't gs a chance to cash a travellers check the capital, how's my credit around here? -ROBFRTO (knew it was coming) Your credit? Don't make me laugh, you asshole. Your tab's up to 400 colones. I run a restaurant, man not a ficking bank. mee BOYLE (sympathetic) Bey I know, Roberto have I ever stiffed you in 10 years? Look I got an NBC radio feed in the works and I got a CNN gig with Cunningham coming up, I'm hot again! Ill pay the whole tab next week, promise, scout ‘'s honor...
6) 24) dialog: Puck, what ‘she sees ina jerk like you I don’t know Be laughs. Boyle laughs once he sees it's okay, and Rober slips him a 100 from his pocket.
25) 26) text: -¥ 2100. 116. 216 Cont'd Rock pulling out a packet of pills and a bottle of Tic-ta Maria trying to comfort him. But the DOCTOR is suddenly Called away as CAPTAIN MARTI, badly wounded, is Drought i a@ LIEUTENANT yelling that this Case takes priority.: The Doctor and Nurse hurry over, leaving Boyle. Doe sotto voce, looking around. boc I got some cedulas Rich. From the bruja. For the kids and Maria. They're pretty good Waving the fake cedulas but Boyle can’t see, blurred with poc She tried to fake your exit visa but she fucked up a bit but I think it'll work. Showing him a blurred exit visa in his crumpled passport boc You gotta get outta here man, the Bacienda police came by Roberto'’s last night. Said you were illegally in the country. Roberto told em he thinks you're dead. On Boyle. Be feels like he is at this point, grips Maria' hand. Maria changes expression. Rock follows. Boyle looking at what they're looking at -- now sees TWO MANO B MOX" “TRS burst into the ward, obviously looking for some anc co. -iously packing something in their waistbands. Th come right up to Bovle. MANO BLANCO MONSTER (looks at Boyle) Gringo?