0) 0) text: Abdul praying in the glorious sunshine. We see all of Agr the Taj Mahal in the distance.
1) 0) text: Abdul rushes out of a squalid doorway into the bustle of As he hurries through the jammed streets he acknowledges he goes, making his way past the lame and sick, through c stalls. Suddenly he accidentally bumps into a white colon
2) 0) text: Donkeys, a dog pisses on the wall. Abdul hurries in.
2) 1) text: Abdul bows to the guard enthusiastically. The lugubrious unlocks several locks on the rusting iron gate. The door Abdul hurries along the corridor. We see pitiful inmates, making carpets, watched by bored, unshaven guards. Abdul rushes to his high desk and starts on the Sisyphean compiling the prison ledgers with huge concentration. Abd see the prison guard.
2) 4) dialog: There is problem, sir?
2) 6) dialog: A mohar, sir?
2) 8) dialog: Mr Tyler! When will she be arriving, sir? 6
2) 10) dialog: England?!
2) 12) dialog: On a horse?
2) 14) dialog: An equerry always has a horse, Mr Tyler, sir.
2) 16) dialog: Are you sure there isn’t a horse? INT. QUEEN’S BEDROOM. ENGLAND Another dark room. The curtains are thrown, light streams room. We see Mrs Tuck at the window. In the shadows is a into which a enormous mound appears to be upholstered.
3) 0) text: Abdul is now with Tyler, a portly Englishman, Bigge, and like his short, squat Indian manservant.
3) 5) dialog: Hi! Mohammed looks sourly and does not respond. INT. QUEEN’S BEDCHAMBER A group of straining footmen roll Queen Victoria over and manhandle her out of bed.
3) 8) dialog: Who will have the mohar, sir?
3) 12) dialog: Can we have a cushion now, sir?
3) 14) dialog: I don’t understand, sir.
3) 16) dialog: But how will we present the mohar, sir?!
4) 0) text: Abdul and Mohammed in their tiny cell. Mohammed has a pil buns. He passes one to Abdul.
4) 2) dialog: Why on earth did you agree to come?
4) 4) dialog: But it’s a very great honour.
4) 6) dialog: They do not eat pig’s blood!
4) 8) dialog: Not to worry. Abdul shows Mohammed a little tin containing a load of sp A present from my mother.
4) 11) text: Civilisation! The posh English people buffet Abdul and Mohammed in the rush to the quayside. Finally, they look at the hawkers, porters, the distinctly uncivilised detritus of Victorian holds out his hand to Abdul.
4) 17) dialog: A sash is not traditional, sir.
4) 25) text: Bigge, Mohammed and Abdul with their suitcases walking do corridor in full ceremonial garb.
4) 36) dialog: Tray? Everything stops.
4) 37) dialog: I thought it was a cushion.
8) 0) text: Abdul and Mohammed stand with a huge line of waiters all start the service.
12) 0) text: Abdul and Mohammad peering out behind Alick Yorke, who lo his pocket watch and shouts:
15) 0) text: Abdul and Mohammed try to have a gander but are pushed ou way by Alick Yorke.
17) 0) text: Scores and scores of waiters rush past Abdul and Mohammed soup bowls.
18) 2) text: Abdul waits anxiously as streams of waiters bring back th dessert.
18) 9) text: We hear Mr Bigge sharply chide Abdul.
22) 0) text: Abdul and Mohammed with their tiny suitcases are about to carriage. Arthur Bigge comes running breathlessly into th
22) 4) dialog: Excuse me, but what is it?
22) 6) dialog: How do they get it so stiff?
23) 0) text: A wobbling jelly. We pull up to see Abdul carefully carry by Mohammed who has his own. Queen Victoria is at the tab looking dour and fearsome. Abdul starts to panic as the j wobbling perilously on the plate. The more he nears the Q more errant the giant jelly becomes. With a great deal of consternation Abdul navigates the jelly to Her Majesty.
23) 1) dialog: Jelly, Your Majesty. Abdul puts the jelly in front of the Queen, her eyes ligh bows ostentatiously, then drops to his knees. The entire crane round to see what he is doing. Bigge and Ponsonby l horror. The Queen looks down curiously. The whole Royal H seem to hold their breath. Abdul suddenly lunges down — e gasps. Kneeling down, he kisses her feet, rises, bows aga backwards. Everyone is astonished. The Queen is startled breaks into a smile.
24) 0) text: An extremely red-faced Bigge has Abdul by the collar. 24
24) 2) dialog: You said present the jelly.
24) 4) dialog: I thought it would cheer her up.
25) 0) text: Abdul stands to attention. The Queen is led in with cerem down. Her pens are presented by a flunkey. The flunkey bo off to stand by the door. Abdul is standing to attention side, trying not to show his unease.
27) 0) text: The Queen is deeply absorbed in her letter writing. She s with a flourish. Then suddenly she is surprised by Abdul at her shoulder with a blotter. He blots her writing and
27) 2) dialog: Abdul. Abdul Karim. I am always writing. In India. ’m writing all the day, every day.
27) 4) dialog: No. In India I am writing in my very big book.
27) 6) dialog: Oh yes. I am writing every name, who they are, what they will be. This is my life. Every day I am writing. From th morning to the night.
27) 10) dialog: The mohar. It is my humble privilege to serve Her Majesty I was the one who chose your carpets.
27) 12) dialog: For the exhibition. The Viceroy asked Mr Tyler but actual it was me. You have to have very good eye for the carpets This is a very nice one. For example. They look at the carpet beneath them.
27) 13) dialog: Very tight knots. This is the sign of a very nice carpet. art of carpets came to India with the great Emperor Akbar The skill of a great carpet is to bring all the different threads together and we weave something we can stand on.
27) 15) dialog: My family were carpet makers. But now I write in the book. Life is like the carpet. We weave in and out to mak a pattern.
27) 17) dialog: It is a very beautiful carpet. Look at this — here is a b freedom caught forever in the design.
27) 21) dialog: Indeed we are, Your Majesty.
28) 4) dialog: I was just trying to be friendly. Abdul is breathing out, fascinated by his breath freezing
28) 6) dialog: She’s a very nice person.
28) 13) dialog: I am from Agra. The Taj Mahal. You have been to the Taj Mahal?
28) 15) dialog: Oh, it is the most marvellous building in the entire worl The Crown of Palaces. It was built by Shah Jahan, the grandson of the great Akbar, to remember his dead wife, Mumtaz Mahal, who died in childhood with their fourteenth child.
28) 19) dialog: Oh, it is beautiful, Your Majesty. All white marble. And Mumtaz laid inside. All of that beauty for the dead Queen
28) 21) dialog: Oh yes. And he wrote a poem: ‘The sight of this building brings me sad sighs; ‘The sun and the moon have tears in their eyes.’ But it makes everyone so happy. Agra is very beautiful. Shah Jahan built the Red Fort, the Gardens of Shalimar, and the Peacock Throne.
28) 23) dialog: Oh, it was the most beautiful throne in all the world. A throne of gold with peacocks on it. And in the throne was the Koh-i-Noor. He would look at the Taj Mahal through the diamond.
28) 25) dialog: Do you?!
28) 29) dialog: Oh, they are always smashing things up. All the British soldiers have taken the jewels from the Taj Mahal.
28) 31) dialog: Oh yes, after the Mutiny.
28) 33) dialog: At least you have the diamond.
29) 0) text: Queen Victoria continues talking to Abdul as they walk. 31
29) 2) dialog: He was overthrown by his son and died in Agra Fort.
29) 4) dialog: They buried him in the Taj Mahal next to his wife. They put an inscription: ‘Here lies Shah Jahan who left this w to the Banquet Hall of Eternity’
29) 6) dialog: Oh yes, it is a banquet when we leave here.
29) 8) dialog: Oh, these are famous stories in Uttar Pradesh. You should go there.
29) 10) dialog: Forbidden?
29) 12) dialog: But you are the Empress of India.
29) 16) dialog: Oh, the spices. Cardamom, turmeric, cumin, coriander. Garam masala.
29) 18) dialog: It’s what you put into the sauce. You have never tasted Indian food? A dahl? A rogan josh? Oh they are the greate dishes in the world! Biryani with mango chutney?
29) 20) dialog: Oh yes, a chutney made of mango.
29) 22) dialog: Oh, the mango is the Queen of Fruit.
29) 24) dialog: A mango is the most delicious fruit in all the world. Lik orange and a peach.
30) 0) text: Ponsonby and the ladies in waiting are accompanying Queen down the corridor. Abdul and Mohammed in tow. 33
31) 0) text: A piper plays very close to Dr Reid and Ponsonby who both noses and wince at the infernal racket. It seems everyone cold. The Household are sitting round in misery. The Quee at the centre and is tapping her foot delicately as one o doing a dance in front of her. There is forced merriment Mohammed and Abdul are standing at the side, watching the proceedings.
31) 10) text: Iam perfectly capable of working through the boxes. Abdul is very helpful with his blotter.
31) 17) dialog: Indian?
31) 19) dialog: Are you sure? 37
31) 21) dialog: But why would you want to speak Hindi?
31) 23) dialog: I can’t teach you Hindi.
31) 25) dialog: You are the Empress of India. You must learn Urdu. The language of the Mughals. Oh there are a thousand languages in India but Urdu is the most noble. The difference is when you write it down. In Urdu you write like this. He demonstrates it. This is Persian script. Just like Arabic. And for Hindi y write like this — in Devanagari: He demonstrates. The Persian script is most superior.
31) 27) dialog: Iam the Queen. Mairn raini hoom.
31) 29) dialog: Mairn raini hoom.
32) 3) dialog: Mairn raini hoom.
32) 5) dialog: That’s it! That’s it! You are the Queen. He writes it down. You see. Now you...
33) 4) dialog: Nearly. Again.
33) 6) dialog: Apni. Ni. Abdul slaps his knees.
33) 8) dialog: Apani utkrsta sabaka kelie apa abdula dhan yavada. Thank you, Abdul, for your excellent lesson.
33) 10) dialog: That’s it. You did it. Now write it down.
34) 18) dialog: Oh, Your Majesty. Abdul kneels and wipes her eyes.
34) 20) dialog: The point, Your Majesty?
34) 22) dialog: Service.
34) 24) dialog: I think we are not here to worry about ourselves. We are here to serve a greater purpose. 42 Queen Victoria thinks about this.
34) 25) dialog: In the Koran it says: we are here for the good of others.
34) 27) dialog: Oh yes, I am a Hafiz. I know the Koran by heart.
34) 29) dialog: There are 114 Surahs containing 6,236 verses.
34) 31) dialog: Many Muslim people know the Koran.
34) 33) dialog: Iam a Muslim, Your Majesty. I learnt the Koran from my father. And he taught me all the great poets: Kabir, Rumi He is my Munshi.
34) 35) dialog: Yes, Munshi. My teacher.
34) 37) dialog: But I am a servant. A servant cannot be a Munshi? 43
35) 9) dialog: But don’t you see what a privilege it is to see the glori Italy with all these wonderful people?
35) 11) dialog: What you are complaining about? We have our own carriage. With a bathroom. They’ve a very nice bed for you on the floor. Mohammed blows his nose.
35) 13) dialog: Iam getting sick of your negative attitude. Life is a big adventure. You just need to open up and enjoy it. We’re o holiday. What on earth could possibly go wrong? Abdul sees a rope above him — he grabs hold of it and rea sign beside it.
35) 14) dialog: ‘Do Not Pull’ 46 INT. QUEEN’S CARRIAGE. TRAIN. LATER The baroque splendour of the Queen’s carriage. The Queen Abdul is there.
35) 15) dialog: I just want to apologise about the emergency brake, Your Majesty. I hope you weren’t too badly injured.
35) 22) dialog: Oh yes, it is a very fine bathroom indeed, Your Majesty.
35) 25) dialog: Goodnight, Mr Bertie. 47
35) 26) text: Bertie. Make sure you shut that door. Bertie pushes past Abdul unhappily and leaves. The Queen Abdul’s hand
35) 28) dialog: Oh Your Majesty! How can I ever thank you.
35) 30) dialog: For ever, Your Majesty.
35) 34) dialog: In India we also commision great artists. Each Mughal Emperor would bring the greatest craftsmen to make great glories for their Durbar Room. 48
35) 36) dialog: Oh, yes, every Emperor had a Durbar Room. Full of the finest things known to man.
35) 38) dialog: A brilliant idea, Your Majesty. But where would you put i
35) 42) dialog: Ssshhhh! The fat man at the piano finishes his song. Abdul applaud enthusiastically.
35) 52) dialog: Perhaps Your Majesty will sing us a song?
35) 59) dialog: Bravo! More! More! But to everyone’s relief Puccini produces a glass of cham hands it to the Queen.
35) 66) dialog: May I? Abdul takes the Queen’s other hand and they waltz their w the terrace, la-la-ing’ an accompaniment. We are close up 51 almost childish pleasure. Finally the Queen and Abdul st come to a stop. Abdul smiling at the Queen. Still holding
35) 68) dialog: When I came to England, I was terrified of you. But you are a very kind lady. You are a very unique lady to me.
35) 70) dialog: I know that you are very much older than me. And you are the Queen of England and Empress of India and I am just a humble Munshi. But I think you are the most special person in my whole life. His eyes are alight. They look at each other intimately.
35) 71) dialog: Even more special than my wife.
35) 73) dialog: Yes. The Queen is computing this information, her face severe.
35) 75) dialog: Of course.
35) 77) dialog: In India.
36) 0) text: Abdul holds out his hand and Mrs Karim emerges from the c in full burga.
36) 8) dialog: The bags. The bags! Ahmed runs to help Mohammed with Mrs Karim’s bags. Mrs Ka stands resplendent. 55
36) 24) dialog: A pleasure to meet you. This is my wife Mrs Karim, and this is my mother-in-law.
36) 26) dialog: She says: ‘Very well. Thank you, Your Majesty.’ 57 The Munshi’s wife then whispers to him again for an inte long time. Everyone waits politely. Finally he turns and
36) 27) dialog: ‘Apart from the cold’ They laugh gently.
36) 29) dialog: Your Majesty, Sophia — the Queen of Greece, Grand Duchess Sophie of Saxe-Weimar-Eisenach, Princess Helena Augusta Viktoria of Schleswig-Holstein-Sonderburg- Augustenburg, I would like to take this opportunity on behalf of myself, my wife and my wife’s mother to thank Her Majesty Victoria Regina of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, Defender of the Faith, Empress of India, for accommodating us in this beautiful cottage. We are extremely grateful for her infinite kindness and interior decoration. The gift of hospitality and friendsh to strangers is of very high importance in our culture an we are honoured to repay it in our very small way. What i ours is yours.
36) 31) dialog: And this is how the world should be. Here we are, representatives of the great nations of the world, all snuggled together, having a nice cup of Indian tea. Thank be to Allah. Queen Victoria leads the polite applause.
36) 36) dialog: Behind her veil? You must see her.
36) 38) dialog: Of course it is allowed. You are a lady. And the Empress of India.
36) 40) dialog: She would be honoured, Your Majesty. Ponsonby and Bertie at the end of the garden path.
36) 61) dialog: An honour to meet you, Mr Prime Minister, sir.
36) 63) dialog: (whispering to Lord Salisbury) I asked him to take a few pounds off. This is my wife, Mr Prime Minister, sir, and this is my mother-in-law. The two ladies are by his side in their identical burgas. At least I think that’s the right way round. Abdul chuckles at his own joke. And this is my servant, Mohammed. Mohammed blows his nose. Ahmed is there.
37) 7) dialog: (who is now standing next to the Queen) Oh, really — it was nothing. Ponsonby steps forward, very formally.
37) 11) dialog: It’s ‘off’. A look of horror on everyone’s face.
37) 15) dialog: I don’t understand.
37) 17) dialog: Who have?
37) 27) dialog: Iam the Sultan of Persia, King of all Kings. You are now under my power.
37) 55) dialog: Ta-da! The Queen glares at him. Everyone else is staring. He rea something is wrong.
37) 58) dialog: Iam deeply sorry, Your Majesty.
37) 60) dialog: I didn’t say it was only the Hindus, Your Majesty.
37) 62) dialog: But we are your friends, Your Majesty.
38) 0) text: Abdul is knocked for six.
39) 0) text: The Queen turns and struggles up the stairs. Reid’s face a smile. INT. QUEEN’S BEDCHAMBER. OSBORNE HOUSE. NIGHT The Queen on her dressing stool, unnerved. She looks up a of Abdul on her wall: Abdul standing proudly as she sits She thinks.
39) 5) dialog: Oh Your Gracious Majesty. How can I ever thank you?
39) 19) dialog: Oh, it is not possible to uncover a lady’s mouth, Doctor.
39) 21) dialog: Well? 73
40) 12) text: Mother, we have to see you... The Queen is sitting behind a small desk, Abdul intimatel side. Ponsonby and Dr Reid stand nervously before her.
40) 22) text: It is true, Your Majesty. You have been hideously duped a ignominously misused, Your Majesty. The Munshi is a blackguard and an arch deceiver. I am afraid Abdul and hi father are completely common. The Queen looks horrified at the proceedings. We have prepared a dossier. Ponsonby flourishes the dossier and slams it on the Queen seems flabbergasted. She looks at the dossier. The case s They stare at her with bated breath.
40) 37) dialog: Doctor R— Abdul turns puce as Reid throttles him. Ponsonby tries to from Dr Reid’s clutches. 81
40) 38) text: Dr Reid! Be courteous! Reid comes to his senses and lets go. Abdul is shaken. INT. PONSONBY’S OFFICE. OSBORNE HOUSE. NIGHT The council is completely full with scores of staff and m Royal Household.
41) 0) text: Miss Phipps is given whisky. INT. OUTSIDE THE QUEEN’S STUDY, THE SAME Ponsonby, Bertie and Reid approach the Queen’s study. INT. QUEEN’S STUDY. DAY Bertie, Ponsonby and Reid march into the room. The Queen with Abdul. Abdul stands up and moves out of the way.
41) 8) text: I understand there is some concern over my desires on preferment. I understand that feelings have run high and I understand that you have decided to resign rather than withstand my decision. If any one of you would like to tender their resignation it will be accepted without any unfortunate consequences — but at least have the decency to do it to my face. If anyone wishes to resign, please s forward. She stares at them, absolutely formidable. Nervousness. P at one another. Small feints, but no one moves. Abdul is the doorway.
41) 16) dialog: Iam sorry, my friend. Then Abdul helps lead the Queen away.
41) 20) dialog: This is my home.
41) 22) dialog: But, Your Majesty —
41) 24) dialog: You will live for many more years, Your Majesty.
41) 26) dialog: I cannot leave you. I am your Munshi.
41) 28) dialog: They can do what they like, but every day I will come and be at your side as long as I shall live.
42) 0) text: Abdul is dutifully standing sentry outside the Queen’s ro
43) 0) text: The Kaiser et al. walk past Abdul into the Queen’s room. closed. INT. QUEEN’S BEDCHAMBER. OSBORNE HOUSE. DAWN The darkened room is full. On one side of the bed is the other is Bertie. They look at the Queen, who appears to b Suddenly she stirs. There is a gasp in the room. She open Dr Reid takes away the oxygen mask. Bertie takes her hand
43) 6) text: Bring her the Munshi. INT. CORRIDOR OUTSIDE QUEEN’S BEDCHAMBER. DAY Abdul is resolutely standing by.
43) 9) dialog: Yes. I am here.
44) 0) text: The Kaiser, Bertie, the Household et al. all troop into t INT. THE QUEEN’S BEDCHAMBER. THE SAME The Queen has been propped up with pillows. Abdul kneels bedside. Dr Reid is discreetly at the back of the room, i The Queen takes some oxygen then turns to Abdul.
44) 2) dialog: Don’t be scared. Abdul quotes a poem in Hindi. Then translates it:
44) 4) dialog: Prema puri hai. Hama kevala tukare kara rahe haim. ‘Love is the whole. We are only pieces.’
44) 6) dialog: Everybody knows Rumi. Allah is the teacher. Love is the whole. Prema puri hai. ‘We are only pieces. Hama kevala tukare kara rahe haim.
44) 8) dialog: Fall. Everything will be well. You are about to go to a m safer place.
44) 10) text: Yes. Goodbye, my Queen. Abdul is crying. The Queen holds on to Abdul’s hand.
45) 0) text: Abdul emerges still in tears. Bertie, the Kaiser, the Arc look on in pity as Abdul, completely absorbed, walks away back into the Queen’s chamber. INT. THE QUEEN’S BEDCHAMBER Everyone has resumed their vigil. The junior serving girl back. Suddenly we realise the Queen’s oxygen bottle stops bubbles. Bertie has the Queen’s hand. He realises she has INT. CORRIDOR OUTSIDE QUEEN’S BEDCHAMBER Abdul is waiting outside. The doors open. Bertie appears. Abdul in the eye with contempt.
45) 3) dialog: May Allah bless you. He hisses her feet. Finally as he raises his head we see sadness. Then his look turns from one of devastated loss ‘foreboding.
46) 0) text: Abdul walks out along the corridor and down the grand sta the sound track we hear the sound of violent banging on a
46) 2) dialog: No! Footmen hold back the screaming Abdul as the pyre burns.
47) 1) dialog: 
48) 0) text: Abdul makes his way to a statue of Queen Victoria. He kne think he is praying but he kisses the Queen’s feet.
48) 1) dialog: Good morning, Your Majesty. 98 Abdul sits on the base of the statue. He looks out at th by. In his hand we see the locket — the camera slowly cra Abdul the faithful retainer has kept his word: he remains his Queen despite everything. Title: