4) 29) dialog: But they are completely different sizes.
4) 31) dialog: But what on earth are they wearing?
4) 33) dialog: On arrival Her Majesty will process to the main doors. Fanfares. Ceremonial entrance. The Royal Entourage will sit: Her Majesty; the Viceroy of India; the Prince of Wal Princess Beatrice; Sir Henry Ponsonby, Private Secretary; Lord Salisbury, the Prime Minister; Princess Louise; the Emperor of Russia; Lady Churchill; Lady Mallet; etcetera, etcetera. Grace. Soup: consommé 4 la Portugaise with purée de madeleine. Fish course: morue a huitres. Fanfare Entrées: quenelles with Regency sauce, ballotines de cana 13 with a Cumberland gravy, braised beef a la Hussarde, leg lamb, the pheasant and those potato ribbon things. Desser pain d’épinards, profiteroles au chocolat and tartelettes Suisse. The dessert is cleared. Speeches. A fanfare. You He grabs Abdul.
4) 34) dialog: — will come from the north-west entrance. Process togethe You — He grabs Mohammed.
4) 35) dialog: — will come to here, and you will stand here — no, a litt bit . . . that’s it. Presenting the tray thus — the Vicer indicate to Her Majesty...
4) 38) dialog: Who said anything about a cushion? You will present the tray...
4) 40) dialog: You will stand perfectly still and move backward when required. Her Majesty takes the mohar. What is a mohar?
4) 42) dialog: Why are we presenting it here?! Whatever you do you must not look at Her Majesty. You will bow again. Then moving backwards you will turn to your left — you will lead — th and you will process down the hall to be met by Mr Bates 14 who will walk you back to the north wall where you will stand till the end of the meal. Would you like me to run through that again? A page rushes in.
4) 44) dialog: Everybody out.
6) 4) dialog: For God’s sake just wait where you were told. Open the doors!
12) 0) text: Abdul and Mohammad peering out behind Alick Yorke, who lo his pocket watch and shouts:
12) 1) dialog: The soup! 16
15) 0) text: Abdul and Mohammed try to have a gander but are pushed ou way by Alick Yorke.
17) 1) dialog: One down. Six to go. Bigge appears with the mohar on a tray.
17) 3) dialog: Is that it?!
17) 5) dialog: (shouting instructions) The fish course!
18) 3) dialog: The profiteroles have gone. Gentlemen . . . Alick Yorke makes a final adjustment to the mohar.
18) 4) dialog: Now. Process. Turn. Bow. Present. And absolutely no sodding eye contact what-so-ever! Abdul takes a huge breath, looks nervously at Mohammed. A sounds and they walk up the hall. Everybody turns to see Indians process with the mohar. The Queen is now talking Viceroy and is taking no notice at all of the ceremony. A Mohammed can see her from the corner of their eye. They r head of the table and stop. They turn. Bow. The Queen is and pays them no attention. Ponsonby explains:
37) 21) dialog: Everything alright in here?
37) 26) dialog: A scene in Ancient Persia. 65 He withdraws. Ponsonby pops a pill. The Queen is agog wi anticipation. The curtains open to reveal painted flats. Ancient Persia. Lady Churchill, Miss Phipps and Mrs Tuck dressed in Persian costumes. They pose as a harem of supp Abdul, dressed as the Sultan of Persia with Ahmed as his Mohammed is at the back sick with fever.
40) 43) dialog: She can’t just do what she likes.
40) 46) dialog: There are moral standards at stake. What is this? The Yea of the Munshi? They all laugh.
40) 60) dialog: The Nabob has met his match. Yes! Yes!
40) 63) dialog: So what should we do? Nobody is sure.
40) 66) dialog: Won’t that look like a cabal?