14) 0) text: A fanfare. The main doors fly open. The fanfare reaches i Enter the Queen. We see her properly for the very first t tiny, almost spherical figure, old, frail, glum and dread Ponsonby leads her to her seat. The entourage follow: the Wales, laughing coarsely with Lady Churchill, Dr Reid, va dignitaries. All completely casual. Everyone else in the agog, craning to see the little old lady at the centre. S an audible sigh of relief. Her bowl of soup is placed in She attacks it greedily making a disgusting slurping nois everybody starts to eat.
18) 0) text: The babble of excited chatter. Everyone around the Queen animated. The Queen ignores it all and is shovelling quen mouth, Cut to her polishing off the boeuf braisé, then te pheasant. We see Lady Churchill laughing. Lady Phipps, a skinny, te looking Lady in Waiting is eating salad primly. Back to t her plate is clean and she is nodding off.
28) 0) text: Lady Phipps is listening at the door.
28) 1) dialog: Apparently he’s a poet!
28) 37) dialog: Well, he is rather handsome.
32) 1) dialog: He’s teaching her Hindi!
34) 44) dialog: I say he’s ‘brown’ John Brown.
35) 54) dialog: But please, Your Majesty.
35) 93) dialog: Look at the size of him.
36) 15) dialog: Oh my God. Another one! How many has he got in there?
37) 13) dialog: A line has definitively been crossed. INT. MEN’S DRESSING ROOM. OSBORNE HOUSE. NIGHT Abdul is getting changed into his Sultan of Persia outfit wipes his brow and sits down, shaking with a fever.
37) 24) dialog: I have never been so humiliated in my entire life.
37) 28) dialog: Your Highness. We bestow all the riches of the Orient upo you. The ladies proffer paste jewels. Abdul tries his best to regal. They all look out uneasily at the audience trying matey rictus as the orchestra swells and they hold the ta is in the way — Abdul surreptitiously cuffs him to clear We notice Mohammed swaying, clearly ill, and just as the descends as everyone else is fixed in the tableau, Mohamm Lord Salisbury is open-mouthed. Ponsonby holds his forehe despair. The Queen is unabashed with her approval.
37) 64) text: Bertie, Lady Churchill and Dr Reid have gathered and are the conversation. Unable to repress his delight:
40) 6) dialog: But we can’t possibly tell her. It would kill her stone d
40) 39) dialog: Knighted?!
40) 41) dialog: The man’s a common Indian, for God’s sake.
40) 47) dialog: I propose we should rise up as a household and demand that she retracts. 82
40) 49) dialog: She is our sovereign. Her position is entirely based on t implicit contract she makes with us. Who manages the estates? Who is up at the crack of dawn preparing her breakfast? Toadying to foreign diplomats? Eating those interminable meals? Listening to the infernal drivel? Lor and Ladies, the time has come to say no. We must stand together and show her who really runs this ship.
40) 51) dialog: It is an assertion of our inalienable rights as the arist of this country. The monarchy is not there by divine righ
40) 53) dialog: Oh shut up.
40) 55) dialog: I say: either she drops this preposterous insult or we wi all leave.
40) 58) dialog: This is politics. The bloody unions do it. I don’t see wh shouldn’t have a go.
40) 62) dialog: Are you with me? Unanimous assent. Are you with me? Unanimous assent and self-congratulation apart from:
40) 67) dialog: I think you should go. You are the head of Household.
40) 71) dialog: Brilliant. You’re the maid of honour. Exactly the person break the news. Miss Phipps looks terrified.