3) 2) text: This is Mohammed.
3) 18) dialog: What an arsehole. INT. OUTSIDE THE QUEEN’S BEDCHAMBER A line of dressers, ladies-in-waiting, footmen, equerries into the Queen’s bedchamber.
4) 0) text: Abdul and Mohammed in their tiny cell. Mohammed has a pil buns. He passes one to Abdul.
4) 3) dialog: Had no choice. The tall guy fell off an elephant and I go drafted in at the last moment. Five thousand miles to present a bloody medal.
4) 5) dialog: Honour?! My father fought in the Mutiny. Have you tasted English food? They eat pig’s blood.
4) 7) dialog: I’m telling you they have pig’s blood in sausages. And the brains of sheep. The place is barbaric.
4) 9) dialog: My advice: eat as much as you can before we hit land. He passes Abdul another bun. Let’s give her the medal and get the hell back home.
4) 11) text: Civilisation! The posh English people buffet Abdul and Mohammed in the rush to the quayside. Finally, they look at the hawkers, porters, the distinctly uncivilised detritus of Victorian holds out his hand to Abdul.
4) 25) text: Bigge, Mohammed and Abdul with their suitcases walking do corridor in full ceremonial garb.
4) 39) dialog: What will I do?
8) 0) text: Abdul and Mohammed stand with a huge line of waiters all start the service.
15) 0) text: Abdul and Mohammed try to have a gander but are pushed ou way by Alick Yorke.
17) 0) text: Scores and scores of waiters rush past Abdul and Mohammed soup bowls.
22) 0) text: Abdul and Mohammed with their tiny suitcases are about to carriage. Arthur Bigge comes running breathlessly into th
22) 8) dialog: Barbarians! INT. QUEEN’S MARQUEE. WINDSOR CASTLE. DAY The Queen is sitting at a table with Lord Salisbury.
23) 0) text: A wobbling jelly. We pull up to see Abdul carefully carry by Mohammed who has his own. Queen Victoria is at the tab looking dour and fearsome. Abdul starts to panic as the j wobbling perilously on the plate. The more he nears the Q more errant the giant jelly becomes. With a great deal of consternation Abdul navigates the jelly to Her Majesty.
24) 7) dialog: You stupid bloody idiot. All you had to do was give her jelly. INT. OUTSIDE THE QUEEN’S WRITING ROOM. DAY They’ve reached Ponsonby.
28) 3) dialog: What the hell are you playing at? INT. ABDUL AND MOHAMMED’S CELL. NIGHT A tiny room with two beds squashed together. Mohammed is
28) 5) dialog: Stop being friendly.
28) 7) dialog: She is the tyrannical oppressor of our entire country. And if we don’t get out of here we’ll die of bloody cold. 28 Mohammed wraps himself in his blanket and turns away. Ab carries on blowing out frozen exhalations.
28) 8) dialog: Will you stop doing that!
30) 0) text: Ponsonby and the ladies in waiting are accompanying Queen down the corridor. Abdul and Mohammed in tow. 33
31) 0) text: A piper plays very close to Dr Reid and Ponsonby who both noses and wince at the infernal racket. It seems everyone cold. The Household are sitting round in misery. The Quee at the centre and is tapping her foot delicately as one o doing a dance in front of her. There is forced merriment Mohammed and Abdul are standing at the side, watching the proceedings.
32) 2) dialog: Urdu, actually: the Muslim version. They are aghast. INT. QUEEN’S STUDY
34) 51) dialog: What the hell are you wearing? Before Bertie can question Queen Victoria about this turn Head Waiter announces:
35) 8) dialog: A spiritual advisor!? You haven’t an idea in your head. Y promised to get us out of here. And now we’re going to bloody Florence.
35) 10) dialog: You complete bloody idiot. Do you really think they are going to stand there and let her promote a wog? I did not come here to carry your bloody cases.
35) 12) dialog: I’m dying here. I want to go home. I am telling you this whole thing is a disaster waiting to happen.
35) 86) text: The music of Triumphant Return continues as the carriage stand still. Mohammed is waiting by the door. He blows hi
35) 87) dialog: Bloody hell. And rushes towards the carriage to open the door.
35) 91) dialog: (under his breath) For God’s sake!
37) 14) dialog: This is a complete and utter disaster.
37) 16) dialog: They’ve been waiting for this.
37) 18) dialog: Ponsonby, Reid. The whole damn lot of them. Don’t you see, she’s been rubbing their noses in it but now it’s go public. I’m telling you they’re not going to stand for it they’ll rise up and chop your bloody balls off. You’ve up the order of everything. You think they are going to lie and take it? 64
37) 20) dialog: You stupid, bloody Uncle Tom. Don’t you see you’ve upset the order of everything. I’m telling you this whole thing complete catastrophe. Abdul looks worried.
38) 2) dialog: So we’re going home. He starts to cough.
39) 22) text: I think she’s fine. INT. OUTSIDE MOHAMMED’S ROOM. DAY Ponsonby and Bertie are in the servants’ corridor. Ponson on a door. INT. MOHAMMED’S ROOM. DAY Bertie and Ponsonby are in Mohammed’s room. Mohammed has declined since we last saw him.
39) 24) dialog: Help?
39) 26) dialog: What sort of information?
39) 30) dialog: What would you like me to say?
39) 33) dialog: Abdul does what everybody else does. Looks for preferment ‘Curries’ favour. Crawls up the stinking greasy pole of t shitty British Empire. Making fools of you all because he a servant — an Indian, Muslim servant — and you are all quaking in your boots because he’s beating you at your ow game.
39) 35) dialog: In that case the only way is down. So stick your stupid British Empire up your stinky royal bottom-hole, Mr Berti Prince, sir. I hope he makes the whole damn thing come tumbling down. He coughs into his handkerchief. There is blood. Mohammed shocked. Ponsonby looks on in pity.
41) 13) text: Dr Reid! Dr Reid! It’s Mr Mohammed!