25) 18) text: Selly,’ ‘std17 hol aing Luke's ° cane, stops near’ the do ‘trying to remein unnoticed, near two paras in wheelchair DOC DUNBARTON (W.W. IZ vet) is still a handsome man with a silver mane end a pencil moustache. BOZO FIORETTI is from ‘Nan, with long hair, beard and an earring. poc * Damn dope fiend... °
25) 20) dialog: ‘ Shut. up, you old fart.
25) 31) dialog: - I'll take it... (CONTINUED )
25) 36) dialog: Luke... Luke Martin.
25) 42) dialog: (calls after her) Don't let them put you into one of those smocks. Wear. something really tight. You've got a great body...
25) 44) dialog: I hope so. Bozo turns to watch her leave.
41) 0) text: We FOLLOW Sally into the room and REVEAL paras, quads and amputees jammed against the wall, waiting for treatments in the therapy pool. The pool is also crowded. ‘Two therapists are in cherge, one operating the hoist which raises and lowers quads, the other in trunks, working in the knee-deep water. Sally wheels Denny to the end of one line, circles the pool to head for an aging man on a@ gurney who waits to be returned to the ward. She slows as she nears Luke, in the pool with Virgil. At the side in line, are Bozo, Dewey, Hiram and Pepe. Bozo is talking with an amputee from Nam, GORDON. .
41) 1) dialog: It shows they don't respect me, sticking me in lines -- they just don't give a damn... (CONTINUED)
41) 5) dialog: Why don't they put in another pool? Sally stops to listen, standing in front of Superslope, slouched alone and silent against the tile wall.
41) 23) dialog: They could sure ask if they could help, or if there's anything we wanted.,. That would meke a difference.
44) 21) dialog: In my experience most cripples —- especially Viet Nam vets -- resent being hidden like skeletons in the closet and... (CONTINUED)
44) 26) dialog: You already have.
45) 0) text: The day is dark and cloudy. A VA car pulls away, returnin Bozo, Dewey, Virgil and Superslope to the hospital. They wave as they pass Luke and Sally, arguing as they struggl to fit Luke's wheelchair into the Porsche speedster. : Th top is down, Luke is in the front seat, reaching back... (CONTINUED)
56) 0) text: At a side of the ward, Pat and JOHNSON, a black therapist are explaining the use of forearm crutches to a group of paras in wheelchairs. Luke, Bozo, Dewey, Virgil/Super-— slope are among those listening. Johnson is demonstrating standard crutches. : PAT . (demonstrates forearm crutches) They've been around for a while... Johnson and I want to give them a try... (motions to Johnson) You see how those crutches don't allow any movement of the arms? (MORE ) (CONTINUED)
56) 4) dialog: Shit, man, how many of us are ever going to get on our feet? Par I don’t know, Bozo. These crutches might just give some of you a better shot at it. Check the way I can move... During Pat's speech, an intern, DOCTOR WOODWARD enters. Speaks to the men.
59) 0) text: The ward is quiet. Luke, Bozo, Dewey, Virgil/Superslope, Pepe and a few paras are gone. Bill enters, circles the ward, going from bed to bed looking for Luke. As he is about to leave, DeGroot enters.
66) 0) text: The high spirits that were present in the initial takeove have faded. The paras are subdued, some sleeping in their chairs, others just sitting, waiting. Superslope is alone in his chair as Virgil works, leaning against the wall, w the forearm crutches and leg braces. Jeffries and MacDona sit on the floor. A gin game is broken up near the front door es they react to Corrine's voice. Bozo and 2 couple other men move the desk back.
68) 0) text: Medical supplies, bread, fruit and cartons of milk ere pa ground as Corrine goes from man to man, checking on their needs. Luke talks to Bozo as they push the desk back agai the door.
68) 2) dialog: We've got more endurance than they figure us for -- we'll make it. (CONTINUED)
68) 6) dialog: if they don't switch channels...
70) 0) text: Corrine plays cards with Luke, Bozo and Dewey. Most of th paras are asleep. The silence is broken by Virgil's shout ing:
77) 7) dialog: That's okay, eny time. She closes the door.