25) 10) text: _ Sally stares at Luke from a safe distance with a flash - recognition, although we do not yet understand .1t. The MUZAK is interrupted to summon Dr. Lincoln to Spinal Cord -=.. HEAD NURSE DEGROOT steamrollers from one end of the ‘, rider. CORRINE, the black aide, bears down on Luke fro :the.other end. Luke spots DeGroot and Corrine, raises” h cane threateningly... :
25) 15) text: Poko, LUKE | , Now: ‘you’ re coming, now you're here! ‘Corrine, there's something on the | O .: floor for you. a : _ (to DeGroot) sf You come near me and ra break your. - head} Pe -CORRINE — : ey 7. soe (to DeGroot) I've ‘bout had it with this dude.
25) 21) text: oe : Luke’ tries to push. gurney with one cane ‘toward De Oo. Corrine. | + .
25) 38) dialog: You looking for somebody, honey?
25) 40) dialog: {points off) End of the hall, next building.
31) 14) dialog: Ask the Lord, honey, I just work here. When youtre through, help me feed the quads, okay?
33) 2) dialog: He ain't transistorized. He’s gotta be plugged in for sound. “Corrine laughs. Rory grins. Sally takes the rubber cork ana pushes it into place. Rory's voice has an oddly hol- low rasp.
62) 0) text: As Luke leads the way into the corridor, we SEE Nurse DeGroot running to a utility closet. Peewee, Doc Dunbarton, and Corrine are by the open door. DeGROOT (arrives at closet) Who is it?
62) 1) dialog: A looney from L-l... As DeGroot looks in, the parade of pares approaches... Luke stops, looks inside, sees Bill curled in a corner of the closet, dead.
65) 0) text: PAN with Corrine as she hurries down the street, carrying bags of supplies toward the administration building. We S that more pelice have errived, along with a television mo bile unit. A microphone is shoved in front of Corrine as she nears the building.
65) 2) dialog: Guess I am now... She walks past the Reporter and is stopped by a SECURITY
65) 4) dialog: ~ Don't give me that shit... Corrine walks right past him and bangs on the front door the building.
65) 5) dialog: Open up! I got a sackful of enema bags! 97 98 99 TT.
66) 0) text: The high spirits that were present in the initial takeove have faded. The paras are subdued, some sleeping in their chairs, others just sitting, waiting. Superslope is alone in his chair as Virgil works, leaning against the wall, w the forearm crutches and leg braces. Jeffries and MacDona sit on the floor. A gin game is broken up near the front door es they react to Corrine's voice. Bozo and 2 couple other men move the desk back.
68) 0) text: Medical supplies, bread, fruit and cartons of milk ere pa ground as Corrine goes from man to man, checking on their needs. Luke talks to Bozo as they push the desk back agai the door.
70) 0) text: Corrine plays cards with Luke, Bozo and Dewey. Most of th paras are asleep. The silence is broken by Virgil's shout ing:
70) 5) dialog: (bending to him) . You keep at it, boy. I'm goin' to need some help tending to these eripples after a week or two... Virgil is beaming as Corrine helps him back into his chai