43) 39) dialog: Before I announce any of our upcoming events, I just want to express my thanks to those hoys that played football -- that was a heckuva game! You talk about your American spirit, a show of grit and determination, I saw it all out there on that field this afternoon. To me, there is no better way to celebrate our Nation's independence than through the courage of you young men. Also, I'd like to thank the Veteran's Administration for giving us this day, and for providing us with 2 schedule of non-stop competition. We'll be starting off with the track and field events, and any of you boys that are interested in competing, you just run’ down Pat Miller, he'll sign you up. I do want to caution you all to steer clear of the javelin, discus and shot put areas, keep your eyes open and practice ‘safety first.' (he turns) . Marge, do you have the program? . (she rises, hands it to him) Thank you. Later in the day, Marge will be conducting the old Bingo game, you *on't want to miss that: (reads program, Marge leaves stand) After the.field events, we'll have the wheelchair slalom, six volts. Directly following thet, we'll have the grand slalom, and that, friends, will be the big one, twelve volts? reads) I want you all to be sure and drop by the weight lifting competition, I think you'll be astounded at what some of these youngsters can do. We'll have the finals coming up very soon in the archery tournement, and, from what I've seen, we've got a flock of Robin Hoods on hand today, believe me. (Marge comes up, hands him note) Aha! Gordon Dickson is challenging all comers at the ping pong table -- he'll take anybody on -- one at a time --.two : at a time, it doesn't matter to hin, ’ old Gordy is a whiz with that paddle. (CONTINUED)
43) 42) dialog: (looks off) It looks to me like Larry Schneider is whomping everybody's butt over there in horseshoes. He took all the honors last year. Darn it, I want somebody to get on over and give that fella some competition! C'mon, you soldiers, fall in around the horseshoes, give that man a run for his money: : (reads program) We've got 4 couple of favorites in the wheelchair sprints, Jimny Marble and Rod McClennan. They're the speedsters all right, go like greased lightening in those chairs. (Marge hands him another note) Oh, Listen to this! Jeffrey Fields took two out of three games from Gordy at ping pong: What an upset, folks, Gordy — must be slowin’ down. (reads) oe ;in the half-mile, I just gotta think it's a wide open field, and any of you lads that have strong arms and faith in ‘your wind, why don't you go ahead and enter, you may-just come away a winner. I do have some bad news, friends -~ in spite of last minute attempts by the Veteran's ~ Administration and myself, the Fire Department has said absolutely no Fireworks. t know we had them on the schedule, and I'm sorry to disappoint you, but the boys in blue know best. Before we hand out the trophies for the athletic’ contests, I want to announce the winner in the V.A. Hospital's Essay Contest. The men were given the subject, ‘What July . Fourth Means To Me’, and asked to express theiz thoughts in essay form. Well, let me tell you, I spent a few sleepless nights before I could come up with a winner, they were all just first-rate, but, I finally had to settle on a doozie, by none other than Willie Mason! Come on up here, Willie: Darn it, you're the winner! Get on up here! I'm not going to read it! Yes sir: Willie Malone's essay on ‘What July Fourth Means To Me‘ takes first place and you're going to hear it straight from Willie!
44) 0) text: The man in the American Leglon outfit, HARRIS, 1s on the stand. He is addressing a gathering of paras and quads.
44) 1) dialog: ».. and I'm sure I speak for my colleagues when I said this has been an eye-cpener and a real boost to my spirits. On the land, on the sea or in the air, in the end it's going to be technological superiority that's going to prevail. EXT. VA GROUNDS — DUSK A corner of the grounds. Selly, Vi, Bill are sitting on the grass. Luke is in his cheir, holding a sparkler and a joint. Harris can be HEARD in the distance.
44) 2) dialog: (over loudspeaker) «-- and when 41t comes to technology, America simply can't be beat... . The speech continues. Luke passes the joint to Vi and Sally, lights another sparkler. Bill is awkwardly strumming on his guitar. Vi puts her hand on his shoulder...