23) 0) text: Vi turns on the overhead light as she enters. She crosses turns on TV, tries to smooth over the unmade bed, gives u as she notices how messy the rest of tne apartment is. A framed picture of Dink sits on an end table, and tacked te one wall are snapshots of a slim, sensitive young man with long blonde hair and a wisp of a beard, the opposite of Dink. Sally enters es the TV suddenly BLARES; the end of 2 prayer leading into the Star Spangled Banner over patriotic images as the station signs off the air. Vi turns: sharply to switch channels. vi Shit...
32) 0) text: Luke lies on his back, his arms immobilized by a white hospital restraining jacket. Pee Wee is trying to feed him but Luke spits the food out of his mouth, knocks the spoon out of Pee Wee's hand with his head. Pee Wee starts again patiently. The game obviously has been going on for some time. Luke's chest is a mess. (CONTINUED )
35) 0) text: Vi is walking her brother, BILL, across the parking lot. He wears the regulation outfit issued to psychiatric patients. He is young, tall and slender, with long blond hair and pale blue eyes.. He is rapping excitedly.
39) 0) text: Sally wheels a PARA on a GURNEY into a large room filled with other. gurmeys. All the men are on their backs. She takes a NUMBER from a hook as they énter and hands it to the para. She goes to the other side of the room where men have been brought out of the bath section and are waiting to be dried. As she starts to ary the first man, we can see that it is hard for her, that the total impact of the men's helplessness, the scarcity of trained personnel, the endless lines and indignities the patien?~ must suffer is devastating. wf 53 55 39.
39) 2) dialog: You know Mills, the new kid in your ward?
39) 4) dialog: Those doctors ‘put the poor guy in such a‘fucking downer -~ told him to forget about wearing clothes any more -- Said he'd spend the rest of his life in bed. Christ, I could've had him in a chair in a month, now it'll take six -- fucking doctors... We now REVEAL, in the b.g., lines of men waiting for turn on the sparse equipment the hospital provides. The pa- tients in line for Pat shout at Luke, half angrily, half in jest: "Jesus Christ, you ain't the only one here, Martin!" "You guys getting married?" "Kiss him on the lips, Martini", etc.
43) 0) text: A hand-painted sign is stretched above the entrance to th Veteran's Administration reading JULY FOURTH HANDICAPPED OLYMPICS = PUBLIC WELCOME. The CAMERA FOLLOWS a car as it drives through the entrance, REVEALING as we go; picnic benches lined up next to a "Jack-In-The-Box" hamburger catering set-up, a patriotically decorated speaker's stand, empty except for a microphone, a "Good Humor" ice cream truck, and a wheelchair football game that is in progress. As the car makes a U-turn, we SEE that most all of the spectators strung along the sidelines of the field are patients, many of whom watch from gurneys and wheel- chairs. A few of the patient's families are present, even fewer of the hospitel staff. The car makes its way back to the speaker's stand. A couple in their sixties get out the mean wearing en American Legion hat and jacket. They g0 to the trunk of the car, take out two cardboard boxes filled with gold plastic trophies and set them on the cand, The man checks his watch, then he and his wife stroll back to watch the football game.
56) 0) text: At a side of the ward, Pat and JOHNSON, a black therapist are explaining the use of forearm crutches to a group of paras in wheelchairs. Luke, Bozo, Dewey, Virgil/Super-— slope are among those listening. Johnson is demonstrating standard crutches. : PAT . (demonstrates forearm crutches) They've been around for a while... Johnson and I want to give them a try... (motions to Johnson) You see how those crutches don't allow any movement of the arms? (MORE ) (CONTINUED)
56) 3) dialog: These... (motions to his own) --» let you use your arms, are lighter, give you a hell of a lot more mobility.
56) 7) dialog: (tightens as he sees Doctor) +. What do you guys think? Are you interested?
56) 16) text: As the Doctor probes around Rudy's body, Johnson works with Dewey. Pat helps out.
56) 24) dialog: (stands, interrupts) What's that, Doctor?
56) 26) dialog: You tell me what the truth is. T haven't found it out yet...
56) 31) dialog: (MORE)
56) 35) dialog: That man's been in the ward less than two hours. You take a look at his chart and tell him he'll never move. I say that's horseshit!
56) 37) dialog: I am fed up to here with people 12ke you, Doctor, and I am tired of dealing with fucking assholes! (he spins around, addresses patients) You guys keep the faith -~ don't -let these bastards keep you down... Pat hurries out of the ward. Johnson looks to Dewey, others...
61) 0) text: The wheelchair patients of the ward are busily preparing to leave. Stashing whatever they can in their chairs: jackets, sweaters, radios, Virgil puts the set of forearm erutches and leg braces in his chair along with Superslop There 1s a feeling of euphoria as they ready themselves.
63) 0) text: The lights are on in the windows of the ground floor. Out side, a small crowd is beginning to gather along with two VA security patrol cars. A sheriff's car pulls up, a DEPU gets out.
141) 0) text: As Sally talks on the radio, Luke is getting out of Hustedt's patrol car in the b-g.