6) 0) text: From the moment they parked the car onwards, we become absorbed by what's happening around the screening of end this film. Behind the screen, we've seen the actor who plays the her his name is George Valentin - closely studying the reacti of the audience. He was standing close to his dog, motion to it not to make a noise. The dog's name is Jack. In the same area, we've also seen the lead actress. Her n is Constance Gray. She too looks tense and is latched ont the arm of a pleasant-looking man who is chewing anxiousl a cigar. The man looks rich, but a little weak. He's sure the producer.
7) 0) text: In the house, much of the audience is open-mouthed, excit immobile and often wide-eyed. In the pit, a symphony orchestra plays to accompany the f (9) Now that the film is ending, and the last note is sounding, the cast anxiously awaits the audience's verdic which, after two or three seconds of silence, bursts into thunderous applause, to the great joy of the actor and th people around him, especially the actress and the produce who kiss each other on the lips. Two theater hands bring down the curtain. (10) The lights come on. George Valentin comes onto the s and acknowledges the audience, they are cheering for him. is so happy he dances a few tap steps to express his joy he acknowledges the orchestra before finally motioning to someone in the wings to join him. Jack the dog trots over response. The crowd laughs and cheers, George waves to th dog, Jack waves back then waves at the audience, the peop are loving it! In the wings, Constance is fuming with rage, but on stage George is pretending with his fingers to pull at the dog, fakes death. Thunderous applause again.
7) 1) text: ll 5. Behind the actress, the producer can't hold back a smile, this enrages the actress still more. Suddenly, George, hamming it up, remembers something he'd forgotten, and asks someone from the other side of the wi to join him. It's Constance. She comes over, smiling to t audience, and says something to George with a smile. Title card: I'll get you for that. She waves, but we can tell that her smile is set between teeth. She isn't feeling comfortable. George motions firi gun with his fingers, but she does not fall down, merely casts him a "very funny" glance. George looks at his fing not understanding why they don't work anymore then mimes throwing them away behind him, as though they've become useless. Constance stalks back off into the wings in annoyance, but the audience is ecstatic. Once in the wing the actress sticks up her middle finger at George, and exaggeratedly mouths so he can read her lips: "Put this u your ass." George, grinning broadly, responds by clapping hands in applause, then leaves the stage, executing a few more dance steps as he does so. The audience is delighted As he comes off stage, George gets soundly told off by Constance, but, still grinning, he motions towards the audience who are still asking for more. The producer, although delighted by the successful reception, makes a w attempt to calm the actress down. As for George, he retur to the stage, the audience roars. He pretends to want to leave the stage, and mimes bumping into an invisible wall just as he's leaving the stage. George holds his nose, th audience goes wild, Constance gets even madder, and while George carries on clowning about, the producer too breaks into a beaming smile. He's probably realized that George the audience on his side.. Constance, furious, storms off is followed by the producer who is trying to placate her, although it looks like he's got his work cut out for him.
8) 0) text: Outside, we are in front of a typically American movie th decked out with all the accessories of a grand premiére. entrance is lit up, there are crowds gathered on the side cops are guarding the red carpet with a cordon of bodies, George comes out, causing the crowds, mainly young women, press forwards - and the photographers’ flashes to spark life. The cops are struggling to maintain control of the situation as George poses for the photographers and waves his many fans.
8) 1) text: 12 13 6. In the crowd, a young woman right at the front is staring him in rapture. She drops her bag and, as she bends to pi up, a swell in the crowd pushes her underneath the arms o policeman in front of her, out of the crowd and into Geor She stares at him, more in love than ever, delighted to b there. The police wait for someone to give orders. George doesn't quite know what to do. Nobody moves. The young wo finally bursts out laughing, which, after a moment of sho causes George to laugh too, thus placating the cops and t signaling to the photographers that they can take picture the scene. The flashes seem to lend the woman self-confid who, in a very carefree manner, begins to clown about in of them. George is delighted at the sight, by the whole s and, realizing this, the young woman steals a kiss. Flash image becomes static, then dissolves into the printed pic on the front page of "The Hollywood Reporter" newspaper, with three other pictures of the scene and the headline W
10) 3) text: Title card: The name is Miller. Peppy Miller! She finishes with an exaggerated wink, before walking on, leaving behind the impassive butler. INT. GEORGE & DORIS’ HOUSE - DAY 16A In the lobby, George is preparing to leave the house. He waves at the huge, full-length portrait of himself waving amiling whilst wearing a tuxedo. He looks great in the painting, and George is delighted to see and to wave to himself. Ez = Di 16 Later, George, in a luxurious car driven by his chauffeur arrives at the Kinograph studios with his dog. The guard entrance smiles broadly at them and waves. INT. RKINOGRAPH = ORS — 17 As he walks towards his dressing room, everyone smiles at He's not always fooled by these signs of respect, and ape few smiles himself. INT. KINOGRAPH STUDIOS - GEORGE’§ DRESSING ROOM - DAY 18 In his dressing room, wearing a tailcoat and top hat, Geo is finishing putting his make up on. He has a white face dark lips and eyes. His chauffeur is signing autographs f him on full length photographs of himself (George) with h dog. George says to him: Title card: Go and buy a piece of jewelry for my wife. A piece, to make it up to her. The chauffeur nods. Having finished his mask up, George, picks up a photo, looks at it closely and then writes on As he leaves the dressing room, we see the photograph. He written Woof Woof on it, and signed it with the paw print a dog. 19 We're on a film set, the crew is setting up a shot. The director is unhappy with a screen positioned behind a bay window and he sends it off.
10) 5) text: fitle card: Remove that screen and bring me another one! the double! Two hands pick up the screen and carry it away. George arrives on set, everyone smiles at him. He sits down on t chair which bears his name. The producer whom we saw the previous day at the premiére arrives. His name is Zimmer, he's flanked by - and followed around at every moment by two secretaries and two assistants. One of them hands him Hollywood Reporter, and Zimmer, before he's even come toa halt, talks to George as he shows him the front page. He visibly upset. George looks a lot more relaxed, he says h and vaguely tries to reassure him. But Zimmer persists, s pointing at the newspaper. Title card: Because of this childish nonsense, there's nothing about the film before page 5! Behind George, the two set hands come back with a new scr of sky scenery, and wait, standing just next to George. A they are holding it, there is a three foot gap underneath While the producer is talking to him, George's attention drawn by a lovely pair of women's legs that have come to stand behind the screen, the top half of the body being hidden by it. George acknowledges the sight with a smile is about to bring his attention back to the on-going discussion, when his attention is drawn away again by a noise, that of the tap steps the female legs are making, presumably as a warm up. George smiles in recognition and responds with a few tap steps of his own. The women's leg instantly stop, seem to think a moment and then answer ba but with a jump in the complexity of the steps. A tap dialogue ensues between the two pairs of legs, until the hands - the path before them now cleared - pick up their screen of scenery and walk off with it. The screen moves and as it disappears reveals that the upper body belongs young woman. She pulls a face meaning ‘Here I am!!' And o course it's Peppy, except that she immediately realizes w she is dealing with - visibly she wasn’t expecting this a all - and feels completely ridiculous and uncomfortable. Her joyful expression gradually becomes one of abject apology, but George is roaring with laughter. After a short pause, Zimmer makes the connection. He chec the front page of the paper, and recognizes her! Then he begins shouting at her and all she can do is lowe her head, unable to reply. He gestures that she's fired a for her to get out, and she starts to go, completely distraught. She's just made a couple of steps when George stops her and tells her to come back. Everyone is surpris most of all him. Zimmer can't believe it, and so doesn't respond at first.
10) 6) text: 20 21 22 10. There's bad feeling between them, as though neither wante this sudden conflict, but like it had always been there, tangible. Everyone on the set seems to be waiting for Zim to react, but to their surprise, after a long moment of hesitation, he walks away without saying a thing. Peppy l at George gratefully, smiling, but seems a little preoccu as though she might have made a mistake. Everyone on set gets back to work.
11) 0) text: They're about to start shooting. The director is showing George what he has to do. The scene is happening in a cab restaurant. George has to cross a dance floor, but each t is stopped by a guy ringing a bell to signal it is time t change dancing partner. George finds himself dancing with Peppy one moment, and in the arms of a very fat man the n the director finds the gag hysterical. The scene is shot several times from three different angles. Each time, Geo dances with Peppy, and, each time, the nature of their ra changes. To begin with, they are happy and laughing, but with time, less so. Then they become embarrassed, and the things get worse. We start the sequence again and again, sound of the clapperboard counting the number of takes, b eroticism between them is the only thing that stands out the scene, every thing else goes unnoticed. Ultimately, n flirting or suggestiveness has gone on, just the very obv beginning of feelings between them that they find disturb It's probably love.
12) 0) text: Later on, in the dressing room corridor, Peppy, holding a envelope, goes up to George's door. She knocks, waits for reply, then enters. There's nobody there. She hesitates, sure whether to leave or stay... INT. KINOGRAPH STUDIOS - ’ = 22 Finally, she goes into the room and places the envelope addressed to George Valentin on the dresser. Then she attentively looks around the dressing room. She looks at objects and photos and notices, hanging from a coat stand George's jacket on a hanger, and his hat which sits on a above it. The way the clothes are disposed looks like Geo silhouette, except that the clothes are empty. She goes o strokes the jacket and little by little brings George to through his clothes.
12) 1) text: 23 11. She puts her right hand into the sleeve and touches her o waist. As it's George's sleeve, she makes it look like hi has come to life, as though George has come to life. Even so since her left hand is stroking the jacket as though G were inside. She takes pleasure from the embrace and, whe George comes into the room, she slowly removes her hand w any rush. George sees her, they look at each other. He cl the door but doesn't go over to her, instead going over t mirror. He looks at her, she at him. He motions to her to approach. She does. He stares at her face for a while bef speaks. Title card: If you want to be an actress, you need to hav something no one else has. He takes a make-up pencil and draws a beauty spot above h upper lip. She looks at herself in the mirror and smiles. likes it. She turns towards him and, quite naturally, fol into his arms. The dog watches them curiously with its he leaning to one side. They are probably about to kiss when George's chauffeur comes into the room and catches them. George swiftly moves aside and there is a moment of discomfort. The chauffeur unwraps a parcel and takes out large and beautiful pearl necklace. George is intrigued b the necklace, and turns away from Peppy. She understands George has his own life, that their embrace was just a st moment and slowly leaves, locking back at George as she d so. He does not look at her. She leaves the room. Once he studied and necklace and is satisfied, George turns back towards Peppy but she is no longer there. The chauffeur e the room. When he is alone, George looks at himself in the mirror. expression shows that he things he is the stupidest man i the world. He mimes shooting himself in the temple with h fingers, but it's the dog which collapses into its play-d pose. INT. GEORGE & DORIS’ HOUSE - DAY 23 The next morning, he's having breakfast with his wife. Th atmosphere is still dreadful but this time he's not makin effort either. He disdainfully watches Doris eat. She is cutting up strawberries using a knife and fork. George wa her, smiles and continues to watch. Except it's not Doris watching. Instead it's Peppy who's tucking into her food talking and laughing vivaciously. George is with her with expression of love on his face. He's laughing with her wh suddenly, reality bites. He's still sitting opposite Dori and she's staring at him because she doesn't understand w is laughing. She visibly finds him ridiculous. He stops laughing and breakfast carries on as normal. 24 25 26 27 28 29 12. INT. GEO! & f = 24 We see several quick sequences which indicate time passin Breakfasts with George and Doris where the atmosphere is increasingly dreadful. Doris scribbles on photos of Georg the press, draws on moustaches, large spectacles, etc.
13) 0) text: Short extracts of George in various films, in which he po a pirate, then a cowboy, then William Tell, etc. We also him in "Someday in July" in the sequence he shot with Pep the fat male dancer.
17) 0) text: George signs a big contract with Zimmer as photographers pictures. He smiles broadly, whereas Zimmer looks like hi smile is a little forced. The date appears on the screen: 1929
18) 0) text: Zimmer, his guards, and George - still dressed as a muske come into a screening room in which a dozen or so very se looking people are waiting. They sit down and Zimmer, ver proudly and self-confidently, gestures to an assistant wh Passes on the message to the projectionist. The room goes The screening begins.
18) 2) text: 33 34 35 36 14. When the lights come up, George is laughing uncontrollabl way beyond the bounds of mere mockery as his sincerity is obvious. The people present are embarrassed, and Zimmer i deeply put out. George, still laughing, leaves the room, waving an apology with his hands as he goes, but also i pointing to the screen to explain why he's laughing. Zimm feels even more humiliated. Fade to black on his face. INT. KINOGRAPH STUDIOS - GEORGE’S DRESSI! = 33 We're back with George in his dressing room. He's removin make up. He moves some ordinary object and the object, as moves it, makes a noise. We hear the noise it makes. Real hear it. It’s the first time we've heard a sound that com from within the film itself. One second later, George rea that the object made a noise. He moves it again, the obje makes a noise again. George is worried. He tries another and obtains noise again. His dog barks and we hear it! He up (chair makes a noise) and says something to his dog, b sound comes out of his mouth when he speaks. He realizes this... Panic sets in, he turns to the mirror and tries t again, but still no sound comes out. Not understanding wh happening, the feeling of panic fully blossoms and he fle dressing room! INT. KINOGRAPH STUDIOS - DRESSING ROOM CORRIDORS ~— DAY 3 Noisy, laughing dancers pass in the corridor, others are talking or shouting and even if we can't make out what th saying, they are all making sound. George tries to talk t but his voice remains silent. One dancer, seeing his frig bursts into throaty laughter. George rushes through the milling crowd the sound of which is becoming increasingly loud...
19) 0) text: ++-and bursts out into the courtyard of the studio that i suddenly deserted and silent. In front of him a feather e slowly to the ground, carried by the breeze. It finally l making a completely abnormal and disproportionate noise l that of a building crashing to the ground in slow motion. George screams, but again his cry is silent. & Di f = BEDROOM - NIGHT 36 George awakes with a start! He's in bed and is having tro shaking off his nightmare. The film continues as normal: in other words, silent. 37 38 39 40 41 42
20) 0) text: The car goes through the studio gates. There's nobody the George gets out. He goes into the courtyard. There's nobo there either.
22) 0) text: Outside in the deserted courtyard, a feather eddies towar the ground, carried by the breeze. George is watching it to the ground when suddenly a gust of wind sends it soari back into the sky. George follows it with his eyes and no aman crossing between two sets. He looks like some kind o hand or assistant; a working man in any case. George call him. The two men draw close and George asks him what's happening. The man takes the day's newspaper out of his p and hands it to George before walking off. George reads: Kinograph Studios stop all silent productions to work exclusively on talkies. INT. KINOGRAPH STUDIOS — SECRETARY'S OFFICE - DAY 42 Despite the secretary's attempts to stop him, a furious G storms into Zimmer's office. 43 16. INT. KINOGRAPH STUDIOS ~ ZIMMER’S OFFICE - DAY 43 Zimmer is in a meeting with some men. They are probably engineers in view of the attention being given to the pla lying on the desk. Everyone is surprised by George’s rude entry. The engineers seem embarrassed, but Zimmer smiles politely asks them to leave, as though asking for their understanding. As they head for the door, some of them dr their heads so as not to meet George's eyes, whereas othe look him right between the eyes but without any love lost exchange causes a strange, unpleasant feeling within him. seems embarrassed. It's perhaps due to the rudeness of hi eruption into the office, but it's more likely due to the he's been given. For the first time for ages, he has not looked at how a star is normally looked at - with respect desire and admiration - but like any ordinary man is look or, worse still, how a superfluous man is looked at. As George realizes that his status has just changed, Zimm invites him to sit down. Then speaks to him, in a friendl manner. title card: We belong to another age, you and I, George. Nowadays, the world talks. He talks to him, looks a little embarrassed, while George takes it on the chin, not knowing how to respond. Title card: People want to see new faces. Talking faces. George reaches deep down into himself and makes an effort bring up a smile. Title card: Paramount will be delighted. They still want Zimmer responds with a pursing of the lips that is more damning than any counter argument could be. As though he' telling George he can always give it a go.. George unders what's happening. Zimmer is sorry. Title card: I’m sorry. The public wants fresh blood. And public is never wrong. George gets to his feet. i Title card: It’s me the people want and it’s my films the want to see. And I’m going to give them to then. Zimmer nods with another pursing of the lips, as though h can't wait to see that. George seems very sure of himself Title card: I don’t need you. Go make your talking movies I’m going to make them a beautiful film!
22) 1) text: 44 45 17. As George leaves in disgust, his eyes are drawn to an advertising feature representing the "new faces of Kinogr Studios". Among the medallion framed young portraits, Geo recognizes that of Peppy Miller. He glances up at Zimmer. Title card: Fresh blood... The two men exchange a last glance, then George exits.
23) 2) text: 46 47 48 49 18. He catches the kiss with a smile, pretends to make it disappear in his other hand like a magician, then shows h the inside breast pocket of his jacket as proof that he's keeping it safe and warm. She laughs loudly and goes on h way. He watches her walk away with admiration in his eyes She vanishes and George's smile takes on a note of melancholy, and then he leaves too.
24) 0) text: George comes home. Doris is there scribbling on a magazin he takes no notice of her. When the dog jumps into his ar however, he greets it affectionately. Doris is vexed.
24) 2) text: I EORGE & DORIS’ Hi - LIV: - A while later he's running Jack through his tricks when D arrives. Title card: We have to talk, George. George smiles. Title card: Or not. She insists but he doesn't listen. He's with his dog. She gets annoyed, he doesn't answer, she ends up throwing Jac George cannot forgive her for doing so, he looks at her i disgust. She starts to cry. Title card: I’m unhappy, George. He answers without looking at her. Title card: So are millions of other people, me for insta INT. GEORGE’S STUDIO SET - JUNGLE DECOR ~- DAY 49 Thanks to a montage of shot frames, photos and press cutt we see George begin making his film, the first clap of th board that shows he's both the film's producer and direct The film is called Tears of love, and it tells the tale o English adventurer - played by himself - accompanied by a woman, an old man who looks like a professor and who is probably the father of the young woman and, lastly, an Af tribe represented as savages and whose humanity remains t proven. 50 51 52 19. We see George in the various stages of preparation: writi writing, directing, acting, signing a lot of checks, but leaving very early in the morning to set up shots with hi collaborators, etc. He looks fulfilled, like he truly bel in what he's doing, despite the tiredness he's feeling. H has a role in the film too, doing tricks. George looks ve happy, very committed. He takes a supple branch, feeds it through the sleeves of a woman's blouse and, by holding t ends of the branch out in front of him, dances with the imaginary woman. Everyone around him is happy and laughin He's not shooting a comedy, however, it's obviously a dra some sort from what we see of the set and the way the act play their role. Then appear on screen the mock ups of posters, they are s on the set to George. He chooses the one in which he is most prominent, it's a depicting a cutesy melodrama and bears the release date October 25th.
25) 0) text: In the street, at the entrance to a movie theater, George a large "Beauty Spot" film poster. The poster shows Peppy up, wearing a magnificent and jauntily positioned chapka one eye. She is incredibly stylish but in no way vampish, the image of a young comedy debut... George looks at her, seems to be smiling at him. He smiles back. Then his smil becomes strained. He's noticed something. The two theater employees are sticking a banner over the poster that reve the release date of Beauty Spot - it's also October 25th. INT. ANIMAT: r -_DAY 52 Then we see advertising inserts and full page press artic appearing one after the other, creating a montage of imag with a very 1920's feel. “Get some Peps with Peppy!" and close up on her smiling, mischievous face. "The girl next door", "The girl you’1l love to love" "Young and pretty”, with a photo of Peppy each time, posters of the film and everywhere, the face that it's a talking movie! Talking, talking, talking! As for George, his image is a lot more austere, the photo show him as very serious. And the captions are like: "I'm muppet anymore, I'm an artist!” 53 54 55 20.
26) 0) text: We're in a smart restaurant. George has his back to the r and is eating with his chauffeur. Peppy comes into the restaurant and comes to sit just behind George. They are to back. She is with several young men, two of whom are journalists and they are interviewing her. Title card: Your first film doesn’t come out until tomorr and yet you’re already the new darling of Hollywood! How you explain that? She starts by bursting into laughter, which draws George' attention. He turns round to listen to the rest of Peppy' answer. @itle card: I don’t know, maybe it’s because I talk. And people hear me. She continues talking, obviously happy that people are interested in her. She doesn't see George smiling behind Title card: People are sick to death of those old actors pull faces to make themselves understood. She continues talking with the casual arrogance of youth. Behind her, George's smile vanishes. ]itle card: Anyway, it’s normal for the young to take ove from the old, that’s life. Make way for youth! George is hurt. He gets up and, before he leaves, gesture silently that if she wants his place all she has to do is take it. She watches him leave and immediately regrets wh she's just said. INT. GEORGE & DORIS’ HOUSE - DAY 55 It's the day of the films' release, October 25th. It's morning. George opens his front door. His chauffeur outside. The man's expression announces bad news. He's ho the day's press. The huge headlines talk of a stock marke crash, a black Thursday, a catastrophe. Dressed in a robe, George is on the telephone in the livi room. He nods. The atmosphere is stifling. He hangs up. H chauffeur looks at him inquisitively. George replies as t lost in thought: 56 57 58 59 21. Title card: It would seem that we’re ruined. The chauffeur takes it on the chin with as much reserve a can muster, but George continues. Title card: That’s the best case scenario... He almost laughs - not so the chauffeur. INT. GEORGE & ’ = 56 Now wearing a suit, George is sitting at his desk. Lying front of him are the front pages of newspapers reporting Crash. He looks for something on the inside pages of one and reads. Next to a large picture of Peppy there's a rev his own film, beginning "Tears of Love, Old and Boring". shuts the paper and searches for something in the drawer desk. He takes out a piece of paper. It's the telephone n that Peppy had scribbled down for him. He looks at it, mo closer to the telephone, hesitates, looks at the paper ag then puts the scrap of paper back in the drawer without m the call. INT. PEPPY’S HOUSE - DR - DAY 57 Peppy awakes in bed with a start. She doesn't know what h woken her up. She looks around, leoks at the phone, seems perplexed. Then a man's arm invites her to lie back down; does. {56) Still at his desk, George gets up and goes to the window. He seems lost in thought.
27) 0) text: An extract from "Tears of Love" in which we see George, h the young woman in his arms, take part in a cliché-d Afri dance with shields, spears and all the African accoutreme attributed by Westerners at the time. George and the woma complacently watching the dance, when George says to the woman . Title card: Let’s go back, Norma. They’ve never seen a wh woman before and I don’t want to take any risks. INT. MOVIE THEATER - “TEARS OF LOVE” SCREENING ~ DAY 59 There's hardly anyone in the theater. The people that are lock bored more than anything. At the back smoking a ciga George takes the failure on the chin. 60 61 62 63 64 22. One couple gets to their feet and leaves the theater. As man reaches George, he recognizes him and casts him a gla that seems to say "goodness old chap this one's not up to much..." George doesn't know what to say in reply.
28) 0) text: Outside, George comes out still smoking his cigarette. On sidewalk, people are cheerfully waiting in line. George w up the line and comes to a movie house that's playing the "Beauty Spot" talking movie. A huge poster depicts Peppy the people in the line seem excited and delighted to be g to see the film. It's visibly a success. George takes it chin. I ‘ - LOS ANGELES STREETS — 61 Inside the car, behind the implacable chauffeur, George i talking to himself, as though he's re-running the story i his head and searching for what he might have done better differently. INT. GEORGE & DORIS’ HOUSE - DAY 62 Once home, he finds a photo of himself on the floor. It h been defaced with a scribbled moustache, spectacles and a nose. There's a note to him scribbled on the back. We rea at the same time as him. It's over, George. You've got a fortnight to collect your gouvenirs together and get out of the house. Doris P.S.: You should go see Beauty Spot, it's incredible. George takes it on the chin and leaves, revealing behind the portrait of himself wearing a tuxedo, smiling and wav . Me E THEATER - “T! OF LOVE” 6! - DAY 63 As for Peppy, she’s in the theater, watching Tears of lov She's with a handsome young man who seems bored.
29) 0) text: George is wearing shorts and an explorer's hat. He is sin in sinking sand. The young woman is screaming and the dog barking. 65 66 23. The Africans are panicking but there's nothing anyone can George stops struggling, and looks deep into the eyes of young woman. He says gently: Title card: Farewell, Norma. I never loved you... It's obvious he's only saying that so that she can forget and move on with her life, but it doesn't wash and the yo woman weeps all the more, terribly moved by this last sacrifice on his part. (63) In the balcony, Peppy is speechless and her face impassive. (64) On screen, George and the young women exchange a las glance as George's face gradually sinks into the sand. (63) Next to Peppy, the young man sits watching her. She sad. (64) On screen, George has disappeared into the mire. Onl one hand stays in the air for several seconds more in a tortured pose, that of a dying man trying to hold on to t wind. (63) Peppy's companion seems to find the film far too lon and doesn't understand why they haven't already left. (64) The hand has disappeared. The young woman is in a st of shock, rigid with a look of horror on her face. She is doubt about to be put to certain death. The dog turns rou and walks off with head and tail lowered... The End appears on the screen. {63) Peppy seems moved. She is shaking her head from side side.
29) 2) text: 67 24. EXT. GEOR ‘ HOUSE - - NIGHT 67 i He opens the door. It's Peppy. She immediately notices th George is drunk. Her smile tenses a little. Title card: I wanted to talk, I... George looks at her. She continues. Title card: I saw Tears of Love. George nods, and answers. Title card: And so you've come to get your money back? She smiles stiffly, not knowing how to react. He continue Title card: Too much face-pulling? She stops smiling because it's not funny at all. It's bit even. There's an embarrassed silence. Softly, she tries t explain. Title card: About last night... She stops because George is not looking at her anymore. H watching the arrival of the young, smiling, handsome and wholesome man who is with Peppy. George bears a melanchol smile. ~itle card: You’re right. Make way for youth... The young man shakes George's hand. He's obviously a nice lad, and very polite. Title card: I’m so happy to meet you. My Dad just loves y He says it very nicely, with no ulterior motive, but Geor is cut to the quick. The comment wounds him and Peppy notices. She cuts short the meeting by smiling and upping cheerfulness stakes, as though to kid George she hasn't noticed any embarrassment or perceived anything that migh have shocked or hurt him during their encounter. Title card: OK! Well, we’ll be off now. 1/11 call you soo Bye! George smiles politely. She leaves, taking the handsome j with her. George watches them leave. As does his dog, who sits with his head and ears hanging low as though very disappointed. George watches Peppy walking away, then ste forwards and aits down on the steps leading up to the hou
29) 3) text: 68 69 70 71 72 25. As she gets into the car, Peppy seems surly, unhappy even for the first time. She turns her back on her companion. Title card: Take me home. I'd like to be alone. George watches the car leave, then goes and sits on a ben next to the front door. But the bench breaks and George f himself on the ground next to the dog. George remarks eve to Jack: Title card: See, could be it just wasn't my day... FADE TO BLACK.
31) 2) text: 73 74 75 26. At her feet lie a dozen pairs of shoes, each pair as magnificent as the next, and all in their swanky boxes. P tries on a pair. Close up of her feet. INT. G! iE! EB {1931) - DAY 73 Crossfade to a man's pair of shoes with used heels and up George's dog comes to sit at his feet. The date is superi on the screen: 1931. The camera climbs up his legs to reveal George lying full dressed in his bed, obviously at home in view of his atti He's changed. And even if his suit is still pretty smart, become more "common", less unattainable. He seems to have whatever it was that made him so superb. Primarily he's a drunk, somewhat hesitant. George gets up and closes his M bed, the kind of bed that slots up into the wall to look closet. Then he walks across the living area. His home ha changed too, it's fallen in class and is a lot more modes the one we were used to seeing him in. We do however reco some of the objects, furniture and paintings from his old house, notably the huge portrait of him smiling. He goes the kitchen which is open onto the rest of the apartment. There's nothing in the refrigerator. He looks for somethi drink but there's only one bottle left in the rack. He li up. It’s empty. He opens a closet. Inside, a tuxedo hangs among a number bare hangers.
32) 0) text: In a pawnshop, George, still a little drunk, is selling h tuxedo. The pawnbroker and he are visibly disagreeing on price, but of course it's George who folds first and hand over the tuxedo. The pawnbroker counts out the bills and hands them to George who, in a fit of pride, leaves a tip he leaves - his dignity intact even in the face of advers INT. GEORGE'S Ez 75 At home, George is drinking and watching his chauffeur fi food. He seems preoccupied. Title card: How long's it been since I paid you last, Clifton? The chauffeur answers as he carries on doing what he's do title card: Been one year now, Sir.
33) 0) text: Night time. George is in bed with his eyes open. EXT. ‘S HOUSE - NIGHT 79 Outside, the chauffeur is still in the same position. INT. GEORGE’S HOUSE - DAY 80 The next morning, George gets up and goes to look from th window. The chauffeur has gone. George is a little sad, b that's just the way it is... He looks around at his home. A little later, George looks at himself in a mirror. We p from him to his reflection, which he hides by placing his against the mirror.
34) 0) text: A sign says that the effects of George Valentin are to be auctioned. Furniture, costumes, objets d'art and painting September 14th. There aren't many people in the room, jus or six. George is standing at the back, smoking a cigaret 82 83 84 28. His position and demeanor are exactly like when he was wa the screening of Tears of Love, from the back of the room the verdict of failure in the air... He's looking a little unsteady on his feet, probably due hip flask he's necking that seems to contain liquor. The objects go under the hammer one by one. We see the three monkeys go by, notably, hear no evil, speak no evil, see evil. Two buyers especially are raising the prices by bid against each other, a distinguished and reserved-looking and a lady of a certain age who looks a bit severe, to th point of bigotry. They don't seem perfectly comfortable, they are the only two buying. A few crossfades (the display table emptying, faces, hand being raised, hammer falling, "sold" labels) show us the disappearing - every single item is sold. INT. AUCTION - IDOR — DAY 82 George is now with the auctioneer, he's studying the list items as auction assistants busy themselves around him, carrying and packing the sold lots. The auctioneer, who i putting on his coat, congratulates George. Title card: Well done! It all sold, there’s nothing left! George nods but his smile seems a little ironic. He leave the room. On the stairway, as he's leaving, he is joined by the distinguished-looking man who puts on his coat and leaves EXT. AUCTION ROOM’S STREET — DAY 83 They leave at the same time. The man crosses the street, follow him. He gets into a car. Peppy is sitting in the back. She's a and watching George walk off with his unsteady gait. She' The man casts a glance to ask her what he should do next. Peppy, with a forced smile, motions that they can leave. man starts up the motorcar, George is walking away. The c sets off and overtakes him. Peppy does not turn round. Sh erying.
35) 0) text: George, dressed differently, is drinking in a clandestine that has made the effort of putting up a few Christmas decorations. George is visibly smashed.
35) 1) text: 85 86 87 88 29. INT. STUDIO JUNGLE ENCRUSTED LITTLE GEORGE - NIGHT 8s A small version of him appears superimposed on the bar, d as an explorer and discovering the life-size version of himself. The big version watches the little version load rifle. Then the little version shoots at the big version, the big version just smiles. Little version runs off shot to get help, and he comes ba with a tribe of African warriors, all bearing spears. The attack. Big version tries to defend himself, staggers as he gets feet, tries to gesture to the barman, but he is so drunk he falls straight backwards without making the slightest attempt to stop his fall. The Africans leap about with jo FADE TO BLACK. {84) George's chauffeur comes into the bar. He motions to barman who jerks his head in one direction. The chauffeur follows the indication and finds George lying on the floo totally smashed. He slaps him gently around the face a fe times in a vain attempt to wake him, then lifts him over shoulder, pays the check and leaves. ir L = NIGHT 86 At George's house, his chauffeur puts him to bed and hang suit carefully before leaving the room. He sees the dog, over to it and strokes it. They look at each other. We ca that the chauffeur is worried about George. “ Tl ER - 87 Peppy Miller is "The Guardian Angel". It's a huge poster fagade of a movie theater. George goes inside. With Jack. INT. “GUARDIAN ANGEL” THEATER - DAY 88 The auditorium is full. George sits down in the first row watch the film he has to lock upwards, and sees a huge an magnificent Peppy rising above him. She's playing a scene a young actor we recognize, it's Humphrey Bogart. He's be spectator: he laughs, is absorbed and cries along with th others. 89 90 91 30. Int. “ an = & LOBBY - DAY 89 Coming out of the theater several young people bump into They don’t recognize him. There's a lot of people milling about, so he picks Jack up. A woman exclaims an Oh! of admiration as though she's recognized George. He smiles modestly but soon realizes that it's just because she thi Jack is cute and has come over to stroke him like she wou other dog. She is totally under Jack's charm, and says to George. Title card: If only he could talk! George still has the smile on his lips, but it has become of resignation. i He looks away as the woman strokes the dog.
36) 0) text: George is playing Zorro. He performs stunt after stunt an close ups show his devastating smile to its best advantag fact, it's an extract from The Mark of Zorro with Douglas Fairbanks, into which we'll insert close ups of Jean we'v ourselves. INT. GEORGE” USE ~ DAY 91 The Zorro sequence is being screened on a wall in George' apartment. George is watching himself, slumped in an easy chair. His sluggish attitude and listless air are in shar contrast with the image of himself projected by the film. Then the image jumps and goes white. George gets up, stil smashed. His shadow is clearly delineated on the white sc He sees it, looks it up and down and then starts to look sideways. Title card: Look what you've become... He carries on shouting at it, obviously very annoyed with Title card: You were very nasty! And stupid! And arrogant He doesn't even want to look at it anymore. He looks disgusted. Suddenly his shadow separates itself from him moves independently from him. As he shouts at it, it lowe its head and doesn't reply. Title card: You acted very badly! You were thoughtless!
36) 1) text: 92 93 31. He carries on as though it's normal until his shadow walk off with its head bowed. He watches it go, trying to understand what's happening, but it's gone and he's still there. He begins to holler. Title card: COME BACK! COME BACK HERE RIGHT NOW!!! Totally smashed he starts to violently throw film reels against the wall as he hollers. The cans split open and t film bursts out all over. George is becoming more and mor frenzied. The floor is now covered in cans and film. He stops, dripping with sweat. Worriedly, he looks around fo moment. Then he strikes a match, takes a second to consid what he's about to do and throws the match into the middl the reels. There's madness in his eyes as he watches the fire take h We can see his pleasure at seeing the flames spread. But very quickly overrun. The reels burst into flames in an instant and give off lots of smoke. Jack is panicking and barks incessantly. Suddenly, George seems to lose it. He doesn't know what to do anymore and, although the fire is spreading quite spectacularly around him, he runs to wher the reels and films that he has not opened are, and begin throwing them frantically over his shoulder as though he' looking for one in particular. The ever-increasing densen of the smoke, however, is making the task almost impossib On the floor, below the smoke, Jack flees the room and ru off while George suffocates but continues to struggle wit the cans of reels. EXT. GEORGE’ 6S B= 92 The dog comes out of the house and makes a dash for the sidewalk as fast as he can. {91) In the room, among the flames and the smoke, George now breathless - picks one of the reels and tries to turn round. He collapses, still holding on to the can. .
37) 0) text: until he finally arrives flat out at George's home. The c sees the smoke coming out of the house. He runs into the INT. GEORGE’ - DAY 95 A completely unconscious George, overcome by the fumes, i dragged out of the fire by the policeman.
39) 0) text: and then to a door through the window of which she sees George lying down. His dog is at the foot of the bed, asl George is on a drip, unconscious and covered in bandages. doctor is in the room with a nurse. Peppy enters. She's anxious but the doctor seems reassuri Title card: He’s not in any danger now. He just needs to rest. Peppy goes up to George. She notices that his burnt hands seem to still be clutching something. She's intrigued. In response, the doctor shows her the reel of film that sits a corner of the room. Title card: He was holding that. It was real hard to pry away from him, Peppy picks up the can. The label is too damaged to be ab to read the title of the film. She opens it and unrolls s of the film in front of the window. We see random photogr run by. It's the only sequence they ever shot together, y before. Peppy is moved. Without turning round, she asks t doctor: Title card: Do you think he could come rest up at my plac The doctor nods with a kindly glint in his eye. Title card: It’s probably the very best he could have hop for. EXT. PEPPY’S HOU! - DAY 102 An ambulance takes George, still unconscious, to Peppy'’s house. Jack is with him.
39) 2) text: It's night time. George is in bed. He opens one eye. Then wakes up and looks around, not understanding where he is. Jack wakes up and barks, wags his tail. A nurse who had b dozing in an armchair facing the bed awakes with a start, goes over to George. She reassures him, motions to him no get upset, then slowly leaves the room before running off the corridor. She knocks at a door then goes back to Geor room. Peppy is close on her heels. She comes into the roo her nightgown. When he sees her, George smiles and she ru over to the bed and puts her arms tight around him. She i terribly moved but, when she releases him from her arms t to him, she realizes that he has lost consciousness again so was not sharing the same special moment as she. She pu face, afraid she might have done something wrong, glances at the nurse, then lays George's head back on his pillow. INT. PEPPY'S HOUSE - GEORGE’S BEDROOM - DAY 104 fhe next morning, Peppy brings breakfast into George's ro and they eat it together. She laughs, talks, eats, drinks is as vivacious as he had dreamed she would be all those before. He looks at her with a smile on his face. Then sh looks at her watch and realizes she needs to hurry. Title card: I’ve got to go. I have to be on set for nine o'clock. George smiles kindly at her. She returns the smile but we tell that maybe reality has just reminded them that she i working, and he is not. They exchange a last glance befor she leaves the room. George, now alone, gets up with some difficulty. He picks a pile of folded clothes from an armchair. It's his jacke and pants, both half burned. On the floor, his shoes are exactly the same state of disrepair. IN?. PEPPY’S HOUSE ~ DAY 105 A little later, and alone, he's exploring the house. It's richly and tastefully decorated, highly personal. He goes along a corridor and down a wide stairway. Jack begins sn outside of one door, as though he wants to go inside. 106 107 35. INT. PEPPY’'S HOUSE - STOREROOM ~ DAY 106 George opens the door and goes into the room, it's a kind storeroom in which everything is covered up with sheets. closes the door behind him. The room has a ghostly qualit it. Jack sniffs about everywhere. George too seems troubl the strange pervading atmosphere. His curiosity is spurre a convoluted object that is covered in a thin cloth. A ra light surges into the room. The door has opened and, stan against the daylight, is a maid. fitle card: You should go back to your room, Sir. George nods with a smile. The maid leaves pretty swiftly, haven't seen her face, the whole moment seems rather stra George is intrigued but leaves the room. He has to call J to him. Jack ig reluctant to go but finally obeys his mas
39) 4) text: 108 109 36. Even when she's blackmailing, she's still pretty, and Zim looks at her totally at a loss but at the same time it's obvious that he's going to back down. The people around t are listening in on their conversation and seem to be wai for his decision. There's an element of déja-vu to the situation, and Zimmer, who already backed down a few year before, gives in. Title card: And why not... She smiles at him, picks up the screenplay with delight, leaves. As he moves away she whistles at him. He turns ro and she vigorously blows him a kiss. INT. PEPPY’S DR: ~ DAY 108 The screenplay lies on the front seat of a car. The camer pulls back, it's Clifton who is in the driving seat. Int. ‘8 HOUSE - GEO! f IEDRt ~ DAY 109 George is lying in bed when his former chauffeur comes in first, he's delighted to see him, but this turns into astonishment and he seems to ask the man a question. The chauffeur answers: Title card: I work for Miss Miller now. George visibly doesn't know what to think and, although h remains pleasant, becomes somewhat reserved. It's as thou something has come between them. The chauffeur places the screenplay on the bedside table. George seems to greet it with mistrust, certainly not with enthusiasm. The chauffeur also has a box of cakes with him that he pu on a plate for George. George doesn't want any, it's all much... Before he leaves, the chauffeur overcomes his habitual reserve for the first time and says to George: Title card: She’s been good to you. She’s always looked o for you. The chauffeur leaves without trying to convince George further, as the other looks on full of pride and doubt. 110 111 112 113 37.
40) 0) text: From the window, we see the chauffeur get into the car an drive off. We recognize the car as being the one that bel to George. (109) At the window, George watches him leave. Then he se to have an idea or, more exactly, an intuition. INT. PEPPY’S HOUSE - STOREROOM - DAY 111 George goes into the room that's full of sheets. He goes straight over to the object with the bizarre shape and li the sheet. Underneath he finds his former objet d'art, th three monkeys "hear no evil", "speak no evil" and "see no evil". He thinks for a moment, then pulls of another shee reveal a piece of furniture. Once again it's a piece that to belong to him and we recognize it from having seen it auction room. After taking off several other sheets, George realizes th she bought everything he had put up for sale: furniture, paintings, objets d'art, souvenirs, etc. He rips off shee one after the other and the objects appear, even down to suits and tuxedos. He continues and discovers the paintin depicting him in a tux, waving and smiling. George looks stunned at the sight of himself looking so full of life. interrupted by the same ray of light which surges into th once more. This time, at the door, are the butler and the George walks towards them when he sees them. The closer h to them, however, the more his expression tightens. We re that the butler is none other than the distinguished-look man who purchased everything at the auction, and that the is the woman who was bidding against him to raise the sal prices. George is looking at them as he leaves the room. recognized them, but doesn't say anything to them. He wal off, still shocked by what he's just realized. PPY'S HOUSE - GEORGE’ = 112 He finishes putting on his burnt suit in his room, and le INT. PEPPY’S HOUSE - DAY 113 He goes down the stairs and flees the house. 114 115 116 38.
41) 0) text: George is in the street wearing his burnt suit and damage shoes. He is shirtless. With Jack by his side, he walks a the sidewalk. There are a few other people walking along. twenty yards ahead of him a man is begging. He holds out hand to passers-by. George approaches and, when there are other passers-by between him and George, the beggar glanc him and lowers his hand. He doesn't raige it as George approaches. George stops in front of him and looks at him the beggar motions to him to scram. George continues on h way. For that moment at least, he has become one of them. He buttons up the collar of his suit in an attempt to hid fact that he doesn't have a shirt then, heads off and los himself in the crowd. Some distance later, he stops to ch his reflection in a shop window. The image he sees is tha bum. It's even more striking because the in the window th a young male mannequin wearing a tux, top hat and white s The image of the mannequin and that of George are superim A cop comes up to George and begins talking to him ina friendly manner. He speaks but we don't know what about. is not Title card. George visibly has no idea what the co talking about. The cop seems to be talking about nothing important, just chatting... He talks and talks... George doesn't understand what he's saying, and doesn't understa why he's talking to him. He's lost. Title card: What did you say? The cop smiles, carries on talking, then stops. He thinks he's talking to a madman. He doesn't persist, merely size George up and, once he's decided that he's harmless, the walks off. George, totally bewildered by the incident, se to lose his grip on himself a little more. INT. PEPPY’S HOUSE - DAY 115 Peppy gets home in the evening, arms laden with flowers. happy- She quickly goes up the stairs and into George's bedroom. not there. She looks for him but can't find him. The maid that he has left. She drops the flowers. INT. GEORGE’S BURNT HOUSE - DAY 116 George goes into his house that has been disfigured by th fire. The flames have changed everything and the atmosphe here again, seems ghostly and sad. 117 119 120 39. George sits down in an armchair in the darkness. Jack sit facing him. He wags his tail and it thumps on the ground. INT. PEPPY’S HOUSE - RE! ~ DAY 117 In the room with all the sheets, Peppy ie with the maid. maid seems to be telling her what happened with George, h removed all the sheets, etc. Peppy listens with an inscru expression on her face. Then, suddenly overcome by a terr thought, she rushes outside. EXT. PEPPY’S HOUSE - DAY 118 She runs out of the house and over to the car, but the chauffeur isn't there. She honks the horn to call him but there's no response. She honks the horn again, then, not wanting to wait any longer, and seeing the keys on the dashboard, she gets behind the wheel, starts the engine a pulls off in a series of kangaroo hops. It's obvious that doesn't know how to drive all that well, but still goes a speed - more or less successfully. Just as she passes thr the gate, the chauffeur turns up. Too late. He sees her d away. EXT. PI ‘8 DRIVING) - ¥ 119 Peppy is driving as fast as she can through town, but she pretty reckless and almost causes an accident. INT. E'S BURNT HOUSE - iY 120 Outside George's house, the wind is slamming one of the shutters with the regularity of a metronome. George takes gulp of liquor, then puts down the glass, opens a cardboa and takes out a pistol that he places on the table in fro him. He picks up the glass for another gulp. Jack doesn't what he sees. He barks. (119) As for Peppy, she’s speeding along, totally ignorin even the most basic of road safety requirements. ~ (120) George puts down his glass and picks up the pistol. Jack isn't happy at all. He barks and bites George's trou leg, pulling on it. (119) Peppy speeding along. (120) George puts the pistol into his mouth. Jack is bark like mad. George, still in the same position, closes his eyes.
41) 1) text: 121 122 40. title card: “BANG!” George is in the same position. He still has the pistol i his mouth. Visibly, he's heard a BANG from outside, becau he takes the pistol out of his mouth and looks out the window. EXT. GEORGE’S BURNT HOUSE - DAY 121 Outside, we see Peppy's car has rammed into the gate and still shuddering. Peppy didn't brake in time, but she doe care. She jumps out the car and runs into the house. INT. GEORGE’ ~ DAY 122 She rushes into the living room and stops for a moment to at George. George awkwardly tries to hide the pistol behi him. She bursts into teara. Title card: I feel so awful. I only wanted to help you. T take care of you... He seems to reply that no, it's not her fault, she's got nothing to feel bad about. He opens his arms towards her, still holding the pistol and the gun fires itself. Fortunately no one is hurt, but the incident makes Peppy laugh and, between sobs and gasps of laughter she throws herself into George’s arms. They hug for a long time. Pep says into his ear, Title card: You’ve got so much that no one else has... And into her ear, George replies: Title card: No, I’m nothing but a shadow. No good for anything but silence. Peppy doesn't reply. She just holds him tighter still and closes her eyes. Jack is sitting close by, watching them wagging his tail. Outside, the shutter is still slamming and the car is sti shuddering. Peppy opens her eyes. Visibly, she's had an i Jack wags his tail and thumps it on the ground. The shutt slams. The car shudders. Peppy smiles at George. Title card: I know what you have that no one else does. Peppy moves away from George and motions to him to listen The shutter slams. Jacks tail thumps. The car shudders... does a few tap steps. George doesn't understand.
41) 2) text: 123 124 4l. Peppy starts again, with a beaming smile, waiting for his response. George does a few tap steps himself, basic ones without any great enthusiasm. She smiles at him and does few more complex steps that are a lot livelier. He smiles back finally understanding the golden gift that he has in feet. He looks at Peppy lovingly with a beaming smile on face. Kk: iH STUDIO} 1931) - . FFICE — DAY 123 Music suddenly begins to play and we see feet dancing in another decor. Except that from now on we actually hear t sound of the tap steps. We pull back to find Peppy and Ge in Zimmer's office. They're dancing for him. Little by li Zimmer is convinced by them, and, when they finish their demonstration, he has a broad smile on his face.
41) 5) dialog: With pleasure!
41) 7) text: The End The credits run while Peppy and George go back to their positions. The camera (ours) pulls back and into frame co all the technicians who are setting up the shot, the hair make-up and costume people for continuity, the camera com into position, the director coming over to say a few word the star couple, in short: the shot being prepared for another take. And, when everyone is in position, the dire speaks into his megaphone and we hear "OK, Camera! Sound! Rolling... and... Action!" Fade to black and the music picks up again for the end of credit sequence.