0) 0) text: The Eurail rolls along. Inside, passengers sleep, read, a stare out the windows. A few walk up and down the aisles. CELINE, a young woman in her mid-twenties, is curled up i her seat reading Georges Bataill’s Story of the Eye. Strikingly attractive, she plays it down by wearing no makeup, a loose-fitting vintage dress, and flat shoes. Sh continues reading while taking an occasional bite of a chocolate bar. Sitting four rows back and on the other si of the aisle, JESSE, also mid-twenties, is engrossed in K Kinski’s memoir, All I Need Is Love. Casually good lookin but a little scruffy, he dresses in the jeans and T-shirt mode. Suddenly a couple, two fortyish types who have been arguing semiquietly in the seat behind Celine, start yell at each other in German. The WIFE takes a swipe at the newspaper the HUSBAND has been screening him behind.
0) 7) dialog: Really?
0) 9) dialog: Must be nature’s way of allowing couples to grow old together and not kill each other, I guess. There’s a slightly awkward moment where they don’t know i they should continue talking or not. She glances back dow at her book but he keeps looking at her.
0) 10) dialog: What are you reading? She holds up the book so he can see what it is.
0) 13) dialog: No way.
0) 15) dialog: So you were the only one who hadn’‘t killed anyone?
0) 17) dialog: I know what you mean. I’ve met some weirdos. There was this British guy sitting across from me the other day who kept throwing his body against the back of his chair, yelling about how we should all join together and stop the train. He was saying, “Everybody, now, we can stop technology. All together...”
0) 19) dialog: And you know, me and a few others tried for a while, but we couldn’t stop technology. The wife who stormed away earlier suddenly comes back and argument resumes, right in front of them.
0) 20) dialog: I was thinking about going to the lounge car sometimes soon. You wanna go?
0) 22) text: Oh, I’m Jesse. It’s James, actually, but my whole life everyone’s called me Jesse.
0) 24) dialog: No, just Jesse.
1) 1) dialog: So how do you speak such good English?
1) 3) dialog: I’m American.
1) 5) dialog: Yeah, yeah, I’m the dumb, vulgar American who has no culture. But I tried. I want you to know I took four years of French. I tried, I was ready. When I was in Paris, I was standing in line at the metro going, “Un billet, s’il vous plait. (MORE )
1) 8) dialog: Where do you go to school?
1) 10) dialog: Sure. But you were in Budapest?
1) 12) dialog: How is she?
1) 14) dialog: Vienna.
1) 16) dialog: I don’t know. I’m flying out of there tomorrow morning.
1) 18) dialog: I don’t know what I’m on. I’ve just been traveling around the last two or three weeks.
1) 22) dialog: That’s what I like about traveling - you can sit down, maybe talk to someone interesting, see something beautiful, read a good book, and that’s enough to qualify a good day. You do that at home and everyone thinks you’re a bum.
1) 24) dialog: So what do you study?
1) 26) dialog: Do you want to write?
1) 31) dialog: So I guess...that’s it - it’s been nice not communicating with you. They both laugh.
1) 32) dialog: Really, though, I basically agree with you, and maybe it’s a sad face of life, but I think it doesn’t bother me that much. Maybe I’m wrong about this, but I think that lack of communication frustrates women more than men.
1) 34) dialog: Yeah, that’s true, but have you ever done that? I did it once with a friend of mine. Drank some beer, had some chips, and watched a couple of games. It was the first time in years I literally jumped for joy. On some level it’s sticking your head in the sand, but on another I think it must serve some tribal purpose.
1) 36) dialog: Nah, I never graduated from college.
1) 38) dialog: I have a stupid job like everyone else.
1) 40) dialog: No, it’s a decent job. I don’t get paid that much. I don’t do that much.
1) 42) dialog: I write for a newspaper, the Fort Worth Star-Telegram, and pretty much get to do what I want there creatively, so it’s okay.
1) 44) dialog: Kinda.
1) 46) dialog: Yeah. I mean, on one level, it sucked, but sitting on a train and staring out the window for days on end has actually been kind of great.
1) 48) dialog: I've had an idea I probably would never have had otherwise. Can I tell you about it?
1) 50) dialog: Some friends of mine are these cable access producers - you know, anyone can produce a program, and they have to show it. I got really jazzed about it. I imagined a show I want to produce that would last an entire year, twenty-four hours a day. I want to get 365 different video producers around the world to each make their own twenty-four- hour-long document of real time, capturing life around them just as it is lived. So it’d be people waking up, taking a long shower, getting a cup of coffee and reading the paper for twenty minutes, a long drive to work.
1) 52) dialog: I was going to say the poetry of day-to-day life. (MORE )
1) 54) dialog: I mean, Why is your dog so great just for sleeping in the sun? And a guy getting money out of a bank machine is a moron?
1) 56) dialog: Right. It’s like parallel lives.
1) 58) dialog: That’s the trick. Life is not really about drama. That we all do the same shit and going to some market in Arabia is the same as going to Kmart in Miami. People believe they are missing out, that everyone else has this great and exciting life and they don’t. I mean, we all have to get dressed, feed the kids, get our driver's licence renewed, look up what time the afternoon matinee starts, lose ourselves in entertainment, lose ourselves in sex, routine, getting a little too drunk, buying a present for someone you don’t like very much - you feel guilty about not liking them, so you spend a little too much money.
1) 60) dialog: Exactly. 11.
1) 62) dialog: Exactly. And that would be an exciting episode. Maybe you and your friends can do one of those episodes from Paris. The key to making this work would be in the distribution. Getting the tapes from town to town on time...But it would play continuously twenty-four hours for a year on stations around the world. The waiter finally arrives and gives them the menus.
2) 2) dialog: (smiles) Anchorwoman...
2) 4) dialog: Parents just want you to have a nice career so they can tell their friends something interesting. (a beat) I musta had a pretty decent bullshit detector when I was a kid. I always knew when they were lying to me. By the time I was in highschool, I was dead set on listening to what everyone thought I should be doing with my life and then almost systematically doing the opposite. They weren’t really mean about it. All their typical ambitions sounded so mediocre.
2) 6) dialog: Yeah, but despite plenty of bullshit, I still remember being a kid as a magical time. (a beat) I remember my mom explaining death to me, and telling me that my great-— grandmother in Florida had died. The whole family had just visited them. I must have been three, three and a half years old. Anyway, I was playing in the backyard a day or so later, and my sister had taught me how to spray the garden hose into the sun and see a rainbow. Well, I was spraying it and through the mist I could see my great-grandmother standing there, just kind of smiling, looking at me. I just held the hose in that position for a long time and looked at her. Finally, I took my thumb off the nozzle, let the hose go, and she disappeared. (MORE )
2) 8) dialog: My parents gave me this rap about how I imagined it and how when people die you never see them again. But, I knew what I had seen, and even though I’ve never seen anything like that since, I’ve never really been very afraid of death.
2) 11) dialog: Drag. I wish I would have met you earlier. I really like talking to you.
2) 13) dialog: I've hardly talked to anyone in weeks.
4) 0) text: With a slight smile, Jesse looks intensely at Celine.
4) 1) dialog: I have an admittedly insane thought. If I don’t ask you this, it’ll be one of those things that will haunt me forever.
4) 4) dialog: I want to keep talking with you. I mean, I have no idea what your situation is, but I feel some kind of...connection.
4) 6) dialog: So how about this. Okay, good...I want you to get off her in Vienna with me. We can check out the town. She smiles at the thought but is not totally sure.
4) 8) dialog: I don’t know. All I know is I’m getting on this Austria Airlines flight at nine-thirty tomorrow morning and I can’t really afford a hotel and we'll probably just wander around all night. If I turn out to be a psycho, you can bail out anytime and get back on the next train, right? She's still thinking but doesn’t respond.
4) 9) dialog: Think of it like this. Jump ahead ten, twenty years. Your marriage just doesn’t have that same energy anymore. You start to blame your husband. You think of all the guys you've met and all the ones you never pursued and how things might have been different if you’d just picked up with one of them. Well, I’m one of them. You can consider this traveling back in time, to see what you are missing. See, this is really a big favor to both you and your future husband - it’s a chance to see how you really haven’t missed anything. That I’m just as boring and unmotivated as he is, hopefully more. She smiles a little, ponders the situation, and then just stands up.
7) 2) dialog: What?
7) 4) dialog: Yes, we could have done that. Now it’s like...
7) 6) dialog: That we have.
8) 2) dialog: I know. It feels a little awkward. I’m not sure what we should be doing. He puts his hand on her shoulder and looks right at her. 17.
8) 3) dialog: But this is okay, though, right?
8) 5) dialog: Good. Right. We're in Vienna and we're going to go places. Just then two local passersby, TEX and KARL, walk past th Jesse stops them.
8) 6) dialog: Excuse me. Sprechen Sie English?
8) 9) dialog: What?
8) 11) dialog: We just got into Vienna and we're looking for something fun to do...
8) 15) dialog: Just tonight.
8) 18) dialog: Yeah, she’s pregnant, so we decided to go ahead and get married.
8) 26) dialog: You have a real cow onstage?
8) 37) dialog: So what's the name of this play?
8) 40) dialog: Sounds great.
8) 43) dialog: We'll try to make it.
9) 1) dialog: Look at this - it’s beautiful. I mean, could you imagine an American architect saying, “Hey, Bob, I’ve got an idea. Why don’t we put a giant angel on top of this building just for people to have something beautiful to look at.” It might start out like that, but before too long it'd be, “Sorry, Hank, boss said nix on the giant angel. He’s thinking more along the lines of a flagpole.”
9) 3) dialog: Ugly?
11) 1) dialog: Okay, Q&A time. We’ve known each other for a little while now, we’re stuck with each other, we can ask each other a few, you know, direct questions.
11) 3) dialog: And you have to answer one hundred percent honestly.
11) 5) dialog: First question. Describe your first sexual feelings toward someone.
11) 7) dialog: Jean-Marc Fleury?
11) 9) dialog: Did you?
11) 11) dialog: I think then this is the appropriate time to tell you I happen to be an excellent swimmer.
11) 13) dialog: Yes. Okay, next question. What do you think is you -- 23.
11) 15) dialog: Why not?
11) 17) dialog: But there's a big difference between those two things. I could tell you all about my first sexual feelings, no big deal. What if I asked you about love?
11) 19) dialog: See. The whole concept of love is much more complex. Love’s like God or something: It’s everywhere...I see it, I feel it, but I don’t know if another person is going to hand it to me.
11) 21) dialog: For what it’s worth, my first sexual feelings were experienced through an obsessive relationship with Miss July, 1978. You know Playboy?
11) 23) dialog: Okay, name something that really pisses you off.
11) 25) dialog: Like what? 24.
11) 28) dialog: You, probably.
11) 30) dialog: No, really, I had a thought about a week ago that’s kind of a problem.
11) 32) dialog: Do you believe in reincarnation?
11) 34) dialog: Yeah. It seems like a lot of people are talking about past lives and all that. And even if you don’t believe in that in a specific way, most people have some notion of an eternal soul, right? Anyway, my thought was, if we all have our origins at the beginning of human history in some way, where did all the current souls come from? (MORE )
11) 36) dialog: The earth’s population fifty thousand years ago was not even a million people. Ten thousand years ago, it was only a few million. Now, the earth’s population is between five and six billion. That’s about a five-thousand-to-one split of each soul in just the last fifty thousand years, which is just a blip in the earth’s time. At best, we’re just a tiny fraction of a soul. Is that why we all feel so scattered?
11) 38) dialog: I know, it’s kind of a scattered thought, which is all the more reason it makes sense.
12) 1) dialog: Is that a listening booth over there?
12) 4) dialog: (reading) No.
12) 6) dialog: Lets’ see if that listening booth works.
14) 2) dialog: It’s small. Inside, they wander around looking at the mostly identica crosses. 27.
14) 4) dialog: How old are these?
14) 6) dialog: Why were there so many bodies washing up on the banks of the Danube?
16) 2) dialog: Yeah... (a beat) I want to change the subject for a second. This could be an important moment. I don’t know if you noticed, but we’re alone in this car. The sun is going down... (a beat) Before the night is over, is it safe to assume that we’re going to kiss?
16) 4) dialog: Maybe?
16) 6) dialog: Probably. Then I propose we jump in time to that moment when we would naturally do that - probably a couple of hours from now after a certain amount of awkwardness and stuff - and bring that moment back to here and now, given these ideal surroundings. It’ll be a great way to remember not only our first kiss, but this great sunset, the Ferris wheel, Vienna... Celine walks over to him and puts her arms around his nec
16) 8) dialog: Okay, I think we should kiss right now. They begin kissing and the Ferris wheel keeps moving.
17) 2) dialog: I don’t know if there is an enemy. Everyone’s parents fucked them up. They either left them or stuck around and taught them the wrong stuff. Rich kids’ parents give them too much, poor kids’ not enough. You either get too much attention or not enough. My parents are just these two people who didn’t like each other very much who got married and had a kid. And they tried to be nice to me.
17) 4) dialog: Yeah, finally. They should have done it earlier, but they stuck together for the well-being of my sister and me. Thanks. (a beat) (MORE )
17) 6) dialog: You know, my mom once told me, right in front of my father when they were in this big fight, that he was really, really pissed off when he found out she was pregnant with me - that I was this big mistake. Looking back on it, I think that shaped the way I think. I saw the world as this place I wasn’t really meant to be and had the people who created me had more control of the situation, I wouldn’t exist.
17) 8) dialog: I think I eventually found a comfort in that. Like my life was my own doing or something.
17) 11) dialog: Yeah, I know happy couples, but it seems like they have to lie to each other.
17) 15) dialog: I guarantee you that it was better that way. Had she got to know him, he would have disappointed her eventually.
17) 17) dialog: I know. It’s just people have all these romantic projections.
17) 19) dialog: (interrupting) All right, all right. What about your grandmother? Finish your thought.
17) 21) dialog: You know her, but no one really knows anyone. That’s the thing about relationships - people are always saying, “I want to know you, I want to know who you are.” But it is so hard for anyone to even know themselves. Who I am is always changing, so how can anyone else share in that? 19 32.
18) 0) text: They are sitting at a table in a sparsely populated outdo café. Jesse looks around briefly and then suddenly leans over and kisses a slightly surprised Celine.
18) 1) dialog: I just wanted to kiss you again. Celine sort of smiles and shrugs her shoulders when a ROS PEDDLER suddenly approaches them. She is an older gypsy- looking woman and holds up her bunch of roses toward Jess
18) 3) dialog: Sure, how many schillings?
18) 13) dialog: (interrupting) And what was that “I am learning” bullshit? That's waaay condescending - she wasn’t even doing me, and I even bought that fucking rose from her. (starting rant) If opportunists like that would ever tell the real truth, it would put their asses out of business. (new thought) Just once I want to see some old lady save up her money, and just as she’s about to hear all this great stuff, the fortune teller would say, (wide-eyed stare) “Tomorrow and all your remaining days will be a lot like today, a tedious collection of hours. You will have no new passions, travels, or thoughts. When you die you will be forgotten. Two hundred schillings, please.” That I’d like to see. Celine plays with him.
18) 15) dialog: Of course you do. You pay your money, you get to hear something that makes you feel good. (MORE )
18) 17) dialog: Hey, maybe there’s some seedy section of Vienna where you can buy a hit of crack. Celine continues to laugh at him.
19) 3) dialog: Cool.
21) 1) dialog: Too bad it isn’t daytime so we could see the stained glass windows better. 36.
21) 3) dialog: So you’re pretty close to your grandmother.
21) 5) dialog: That's wild. I always feel like I’m still this thirteen-year-old boy who doesn’t really know how to be an adult. So it’s like I’m pretending to live a life, taking notes for when I’1l really have to do it. Kind of like a dress rehearsal for a junior high play.
21) 7) dialog: Get your head out of the gutter. (new thought) Do you know anything about the Quakers?
21) 9) dialog: It’s really cool. I went to this Quaker wedding once, and do you know how they do it? The couple kneels down in the middle of the church in front of everyone, and they stare at each other. Nobody speaks unless God moves them to say something - a blessing, a warning, nothing, whatever. And then after an hour of staring into each other’s eyes, they’re married.
21) 11) dialog: Gosh, this is kind of a horrible story, but maybe this is an appropriate place to tell it. I was driving around with this buddy of mine who’s this big atheist, and we came to a stop where there was this homeless guy holding up a sign saying he needed a job or something. My friend holds out a hundred-dollar bill to him and asks, “Do you believe in God?” The guy looks at him, looks at the money, and says, “Yes, I do.” My friend goes, “Wrong answer,” and drives away.
23) 1) dialog: Would you be in Paris yet if you hadn’t gotten off the train? 38.
23) 3) dialog: I don’t know - hanging out at the airport, reading old magazines, crying in my coffee because you wouldn't get off the train with me.
23) 6) dialog: Yeah, yeah. I’m just that American decorating your blank canvas.
23) 8) dialog: Really? Me too.
23) 10) dialog: I can tell you some.
23) 12) dialog: I don’t want to answer that. I dated this girl once who used to always ask me that. Finally, I told her that I thought that she didn’t handle criticism very well. Then she flew into a rage and broke up with me. But I think she really just wanted the chance to say what she thought was wrong with me. So just tell me what it is about me that bugs you.
23) 14) dialog: Tell me. C’mon, what?
23) 16) dialog: I’m demanding you say something.
23) 18) dialog: Rooster prick? What the hell is that?
23) 20) dialog: What are you talking about? This woman robs you blind...
23) 22) dialog: Wait a second. I didn’t care what this flower-peddling charlatan had to say about anything. 40. A man, the HOMELESS POET, approaches them.
23) 26) dialog: Okay, it’s a deal.
23) 28) dialog: Uhh... (to Celine) What word?
23) 30) dialog: I was going to say “rooster prick.” But perfect, of course, milk shake. The poet walks off a ways and starts writing.
23) 32) dialog: I know. Hey, were we just arguing back there? 41.
23) 34) dialog: Yeah, I think we were.
23) 36) dialog: I guess so. I think if I could just accept the fact that life is supposed to be difficult, and that’s what’s to be expected, then I wouldn't get so pissed off about it. I’d just be happy when something nice happened.
23) 38) dialog: And we've all had this competitiveness drilled into us. (thinking) I mean, I can be doing the most nothing thing - shooting pool or playing darts socially - and I’1l feel it come over me: I want to win, I want to do the best I can, and my standards suddenly shift to just beyond my abilities. I can hear every coach or male teacher or boss I ever had. “Jesse, you're not trying hard enough! Get your head out of your ass! Hustle up!”
23) 40) dialog: What do you mean?
23) 42) dialog: What guy?
23) 44) dialog: He’s better-looking than me? The homeless poet returns with a small piece of paper.
23) 50) dialog: Thanks, man. Good luck.
23) 52) dialog: Yeah, that was beautiful. You know, he didn’t just write that poem...I’m not saying he didn’t write that poem. He just didn’t write it tonight. He just plugged in that milk shake.
23) 54) dialog: Nothing. It’s a nice poem. They walk away.
24) 2) dialog: Detached from what?
24) 4) dialog: I don’t feel that way about you at all. Whoever said that is an asshole.
24) 7) dialog: Who’s to say what’s really living?
24) 9) dialog: I know what you mean.
24) 11) dialog: Hmmm, I like that. (a beat) I knew this guy once, this kind of nerdy goth-rock guy. And he was crossing the street one day, and he got hit by a car. We all went to see him in the hospital, and he was going to be okay and everything, but he told us that his strongest sensation from the accident was the joy he felt when he realized that finally something was actually happening to him. They both laugh.
24) 15) dialog: I know. I remember when I was younger listening to my parents fight and feeling like I was in an after-school special on TV. Thinking I should act moody, or depressed. I should steal some cigarettes and sunglasses, get caught, and then blame it on the fact that I come from a troubled home.
26) 0) text: They enter an interesting old café. Celine goes to the bathroom while Jesse waits. Separated from her for the fi time, he stands around a bit awkwardly, observing posters the goings-on in the café. She eventually returns and the exit the café.
27) 1) dialog: You want to go in? 29 46.
27) 3) dialog: It’s cheap. I’11l pay.
29) 1) dialog: So, we haven’t even talked about this, but, uh, are you dating anyone? You got a boyfriend waiting for you in Paris or anything like that?
29) 3) dialog: You did?
29) 5) dialog: I’m sorry. I mean, I’m not that sorry, but, uh, tell me about it.
29) 7) dialog: C'mon, c'mon.
29) 11) dialog: Kill him? She realizes Jesse is looking at her a bit strangely.
29) 13) dialog: I understand.
29) 16) dialog: Funny, how we avoided this question for so long.
29) 18) dialog: I don’t know. Love is like this escape for people who haven’t learned to be alone or to make something of themselves. People think love is this unselfish or totally giving thing. But if you think about it, there’s probably nothing more selfish.
29) 20) dialog: What?
29) 22) dialog: Okay...big confession. (a beat) Actually, I’11 tell you something. I didn’t just come to Europe to find myself and read Hemingway in Paris and shit like that. I worked all spring saving up money to fly to Madrid to spend the summer with my girlfriend, who’s been on this asinine art history program for the last year. But I got over here, and on our first night, reunited at long last, we went out to dinner, with five of her friends: Gonzalo, Pedro, Maria, Antonio, Suzie from home. She pretty much avoided being alone with me the first couple of days I was there, but I stuck around awhile just to let it sink in that she wished I hadn’t come. So I got the cheapest charter flight out of Europe, this one leaving out of Vienna tomorrow, but I had a couple of weeks to kill, so I bought a Eurail pass. (a beat) (MORE )
29) 24) dialog: You know what the worst thing about someone breaking up with you is? Remembering how little you really thought about the people you broke up with and realizing that’s how little they’re thinking about you. You like to think you are both in so much pain, but really they’re just relieved you're gone.
29) 26) dialog: What?
29) 28) dialog: Did it work?
30) 1) dialog: I mean, why is a man ultimately judged so harshly on the issue of fidelity? You can be the best father and husband, you can be supportive and a great friend to your wife, but if you fuck around - uh-oh, we had it all wrong, you're really a loser. I mean, there are these breeds of monkeys, and all they do is have sex all the time. And they’re the ones that are the most peaceful and the most happy. What’s so bad about fooling around?
30) 3) dialog: Yeah.
30) 5) dialog: But the women monkeys are fooling around too.
30) 7) dialog: But think about it. If you had an island with ninety-nine women and one man, within a year you'd have the possibility of ninety-nine babies. If you had an island with ninety-nine men and one woman, after a year you’d have the possibility of one baby.
30) 9) dialog: There’s something to that, isn’t there? I think women don’t mind killing men on some level. Like, I was walking down the street once with my ex-girlfriend, and we pass these four thuggy guys leaning on a Camaro, and sure enough, one says, “Hey babe, nice ass.” I keep walking and I think, okay, have your fun, is it that big a deal? I don’t do anything. I let it slide... 32 52.
30) 11) dialog: Exactly. So a few steps later, she turns and says, “Fuck you, dickheads.” I’m thinking, wait a minute, they aren’t going to come over and kick her ass. Who’s just been pushed to the front of the line on this one? See, women say they hate it when you get all territorial and protective, but when it suits them, they tell you you're being all unmanly and a wimp.
30) 13) dialog: Let’s stop talking about this.
30) 15) dialog: I know - it’s a skipping record. People have been trying to figure it out for millenniums. Every artist has tried their hand at it...
31) 0) text: After a series of tables of interesting people and hearin bits of conversations, we see Celine and Jesse sitting ac from each other, talking for once.
31) 2) dialog: What?
31) 4) dialog: Oh, right. Hello?
31) 6) dialog: Bien, et toi?
31) 8) dialog: Okay, maybe we should do it in English.
31) 10) dialog: Are you crazy?
31) 12) dialog: So he’s Austrian? He lives there?
31) 14) dialog: So why’d you get off the train with him?
31) 18) dialog: Hmmm.
31) 20) dialog: What?
31) 22) dialog: I’m sure he’s not scared of you. I’m sure he’s crazy about you.
31) 24) dialog: Brrriiing. I usually get this guy's answering machine. 55.
31) 26) dialog: Hey, Frank, you’re there.
31) 28) dialog: Well, it all pretty much sucked. I’m coming back a little early. Jodie and I finally had our long overdue meltdown. The long distance thing never seems to work, does it? All my stupid, romantic projections. Ugh. I was actually only in Madrid a few days. I had to get the hell out of there. I’ve been wandering around Europe for the last couple of weeks like an idiot. I got a cheaper flight out of Vienna that didn’t leave for a while, but it really wasn’t that much cheaper. I could have come right back, but I just couldn't. I think I wanted to just wallow for a while. I wanted to run, but not home. I didn’t want to see anyone I knew. I didn’t want to talk. I wanted to be a ghost, completely anonymous.
31) 30) dialog: Yeah, that’s just it. I’m great...rapturous. I’ma real person again. I’11 tell you why. It’s my last night in Europe and I’ve met someone very special. You know how they say we are each other’s angels and demons? Well, she was literally this Botticelli angel, waiting for me at the gate back to life.
31) 32) dialog: On the train. I actually saw her a couple of hours before we ever talked, as I was finding a seat. She had her foot up on the seat across from her and didn’t notice me at all as I passed by her. Then later, there was this weirdo couple fighting near her, and she moved back and happened to sit right across the aisle from me. We began to talk. I don’t think she really liked me at the beginning. She is so smart and passionate and beautiful - I felt so unsure of myself. I felt everything I was saying was stupid macho stuff.
32) 0) text: Celine and Jesse sit on the steps of a statue and observe fairly constant activity around them. A serious-looking g walks by carrying a bag.
32) 1) dialog: See that guy? We’ll never see him again. That was the one moment our lives intersect. The guy suddenly turns and walks back the other way.
32) 5) dialog: Hmmm. Celine indicates a young art-student-looking woman.
32) 7) dialog: That guy over there...rejected by Scientology. Actually flunked his free personality test - they had no use for him.
33) 1) dialog: I feel like this is some dream world we're walking through.
33) 3) dialog: Yeah, what we’re doing this whole night shouldn’t officially be happening.
33) 5) dialog: Ahh. I don’t want to talk about the morning.
34) 1) dialog: And this older friend of mine said, at the birth of his child - it was a home birth and he was there helping out and everything - at that profound moment of birth, all he could think about was death. That he was seeing something experience life for the first time, struggling for breath, and knowing that it was going to die someday. He couldn't get it out of his head.
34) 3) dialog: I know. Death ups the ante being alive.
34) 5) dialog: Yeah, I know.
34) 7) dialog: I don’t know. What do you think?
34) 9) dialog: Hmmm. I’m thinking how...I don’t know if I’m going to be in Europe again anytime soon. Are you coming to the U.S. For any reason? Celine puts her head down on the table, depressed.
34) 11) dialog: Okay, uh, rational.
34) 13) dialog: Yeah, usually you exchange numbers and call each other once, maybe write each other once or twice...
34) 15) dialog: I hate that.
34) 19) dialog: Why do we think that relationships are supposed to last forever anyway, and that anything less is a failure? (a beat) But I hate the thought that we’re just these ships passing in the night. I think the only time I get depressed is when I feel that life is just this series of momentary connections. I mean, of all the people you’ve ever known, how many of them are still in your life in any way? What happened to all the people you grew up with? Miss Van Sickle, my bus driver in first grade - what’s she up to? What kind of life is she having? A wandering violin player has entered the room and is pla a waltz.
34) 21) dialog: So it’s a deal? We’ll die in the morning?
34) 23) dialog: Okay, no delusions. No projections. Let’s just make the rest of tonight great.
34) 25) dialog: We should do some kind of special handshake or something.
35) 0) text: Celine and Jesse walk down a fairly busy street near some nightclubs. They come across a crowd gathered around a wo dancing, and the rhythmic sound of finger cymbals can be heard. Sitting on the ground is a man playing a dumbek wh beats out a mesmerizing rhythm. Celine grabs Jesse’s arm with a look of excitement and rushes toward the crowd, finding a good vantage point to watch the Middle Eastern dancer. The dancer performs in an exciting and unusual wa and elicits a positive reaction from the crowd. At the en of the performance Celine places a couple of bills in the tambourine that sits on the sidewalk near the dancer’s sh Then she and Jesse proceed down the street as the crowd disperses. Celine is obviously moved by the dance.
35) 2) dialog: A birth dance? How does that work?
35) 4) dialog: Wow. My mom would have never gone for that.
35) 6) dialog: That’s cool.
35) 8) dialog: I know. I heard about this old man watching a bunch of young people dancing. He said, “How beautiful. They are trying to shake off their genitals and become angels.” (a beat) But, uh, just one question back there. When the women are being all spiritual and dancing for the gods and themselves and stuff, where are the men? Out food gathering? Just not allowed? See, Y'all don’t need us?
35) 10) dialog: You're officially kidding, but you keep bringing that up. There is something to that.
35) 14) dialog: Sometimes I dream of being a good father and a good husband. Sometimes that feels really close, but other times it just seems silly, and that it would ruin my life. It’s not that I have a fear of commitment or I’m incapable of loving or caring about someone else, because I can. It’s just that if I’m totally honest with myself, I’d rather die knowing that I was really good at something, that I was special or had excelled in some way, than to have only been in a really nice, caring relationship.
36) 0) text: They enter a small, almost desolate disco where on couple dancing and a few others are sitting around - the up-all- night crowd. They split up and he goes over to the BARTEN and starts talking to him, pleading with him. She goes ov to an empty table and subtly takes two glasses. Across th room, he’s made a little headway with the gruff, older bartender, who eventually relents and hands him a bottle wine. Suddenly Lou Christie’s “Lightnin’ Strikes” comes o the speakers and Jesse hams it up as he crosses the dance floor on his way back to meet her at the door. He tries t get into it and has a little success.
37) 2) dialog: It is a great morning. (a beat) Do you think we'd have other mornings like this?
37) 4) dialog: Yeah, I know. (a beat) I've had those same feelings of wishing someone wasn’t there, but I think it’s myself I’d like to get away from. She looks up at him.
37) 5) dialog: I’ve never been anywhere I haven’t been. I’ve never had a kiss when I wasn’t one of the kissers. I’ve never been to the movies when I wasn’t in the audience or gone out bowling when I wasn’t around making some stupid joke. She smiles, not really taking him seriously.
37) 6) dialog: No, really, I think that’s why so Many people hate themselves. I mean if we got married, after a few years, you'd hate a lot of my mannerisms, the way I drink a little too much when I’m insecure, the way I tell the same ridiculous, pseudo-intellectual ideas to every couple we have over to dinner. But you see, I’ve already heard all my stupid stories, so of course I’m sick of myself. But our time here has been completely out of time. Being with you has made me feel like I am someone else. I haven't had my past around to constantly drown me. The only other way to lose yourself like this is with drugs, or alcohol, dancing...stuff like that.
37) 8) dialog: Yeah, fucking.
37) 10) dialog: What?
37) 12) dialog: I can do that. 65. 66. He gets up and kisses her, and tries to take it a little further.
37) 14) dialog: Sure.
37) 16) dialog: Okay.
37) 18) dialog: Okay, we’ll see each other again.
37) 20) dialog: I don’t want to just get laid. I want to have sex with you. We're going to die in the morning, right? I think we should.
37) 22) dialog: Okay, let’s not have sex.
37) 24) dialog: No, of course I do. I mean, fuck, if I was asked right now to marry you or never see you again, I would Marry you. I mean, maybe that’s a lot of romantic crap. But people have gotten married for a lot less. I think we’d have as good a chance as anyone else. Do you want to sleep with me?
37) 26) dialog: I don’t know. They begin making out as we see the first light in the sk
38) 1) dialog: What’s the first thing you’re going to do when you get back to Paris?
38) 3) dialog: I will go pick up my dog. He’s with a buddy of mine.
38) 5) dialog: Oh, shit - we’re back in real time.
38) 7) dialog: Do you hear that? 40 68.
38) 9) dialog: Let’s go see where the hell that’s coming from. They walk toward the baroque sounds. As they get closer, music gets louder. They finally pinpoint the source. Through a small street-level window they see a guy ina basement room playing away at his harpsichord. The HARPSICHORD PLAYER’s entire room is decorated in a seventeenth-to eightenth-century fashion with wood-plank floors, old furniture, and paintings. Together with the beautiful and intense music, it is a stunning view - a li portrait. They sort of look at each other occasionally bu say nothing. Celine and Jesse both begin to feel awkward their Peeping Tom status now that the music is over, and walk off quietly. Jesse takes her hand.
38) 10) dialog: Can you dance to a harpsichord?
39) 2) dialog: (silly voice) The years shall run like rabbits...
39) 4) dialog: Nothing. I have this great recording of Dylan Thomas reading this W.H. Auden poem. He has this great voice. It was like... (silly voice) “But all the clocks in the city Began to whirr and chime: O let not Time deceive you, You cannot conquer Time... “In headaches and in worry Vaguely life leaks away, And Time will have his fancy To-morrow or to-day.”
40) 2) dialog: Yeah, no problem.
40) 4) dialog: Yep. I really...you know.
40) 6) dialog: What do you mean? 70.
40) 9) dialog: I will. And good luck with school and everything. (a beat) I hate this.
40) 11) dialog: Hey, everything we were saying is bullshit. This is all stupid - I don’t want to do it. She laughs.
40) 12) dialog: And I didn’t lie to you. I/’11 prove it.
40) 14) dialog: I‘11l come with you. Celine is almost laughing.
40) 18) dialog: Yeah, think so? Five years?
40) 20) dialog: Yes, one year. One year? How about six months?
40) 22) dialog: Okay, we can meet here and then go somewhere else.
40) 24) dialog: Last night. Okay. Six months from last night. December sixteenth, six o’clock in the evening, track eleven. It’s a train ride for you, but I got to fly over. But, hey, I’l1l be here.
40) 26) dialog: Right. But six months. They laugh at themselves and give a quick kiss before parting.
40) 28) dialog: Bye. They part and Celine disappears into the train. 42 72.
40) 29) text: Celine finds her way to a seat. Jesse gets his stuff out his locker and begins walking. As her train slowly pulls of the station, we hear the harpsichord and see a series shots of many of the locations Celine and Jesse inhabited night before. In the early-morning light these places are now somehow different. Even though there is little human presence at this time of the morning, the transformation begun. We see Jesse getting situated on his bus to the airport. We then see the park where they danced, sang, an stared up at the sky. A very old lady walks slowly across the grass. Celine is settled on the train and reading. Sh looks up from her book and just stares out the window at landscape going by. FADE OUT.