3) 45) dialog: As she deals, we see A SERIES OF QUICK CUTS of Annie and one-on-one... shuffling, dealing, drawing, bluffing... Fi then Hallie... then Annie... it's back and forth... until front of Hallie and Annie is down to her last dollar. Hallie  (tossing in her bet)  Three bucks. Annie checks her hand... she's holding a straight.  She b lip... knowing she's holding a winning hand. Hallie  Tell you what I'm gonna do, since you're almost tapped ou I'll make you a deal.  Loser jumps into the lake after th Annie  Excellent. 
3) 55) text:    (off Hallie's look)    It does! CLOSE - Annie She reaches the dock, teeth chattering.  She turns back, the Girls.  Hallie and her friends wave.  Annie salutes t
3) 84) text: Annie  Actually, we're all fine in here.  Unless Hallie Parker knows something we don't know.  (Annie watches Hallie's eyes go up to the bucket)
5) 0) text: Hallie, in flannel p.j.'s and a sweat-shirt, is pinning u photos above her cot.  Annie, in matching sweater and pan Now and then, each sneaks a glance at the other. A sudden GUST of wind blows the door open, sending Hallie photos flying into the air.  Hallie screams, trying to sa to the door and bolts it shut.  Together, the girls tie d finds Hallie's favorite stuffed animal, CUPPY, lying on t Hallie  Thanks. Annie   Any of your pictures ruined? Hallie   (holding torn photo)  Only the beautiful Leo DiCaprio. Annie   oh, your boyfriend? Hallie   (shows her photo)  Yeah, right.  (then)   You've never heard of Leonardo DiCaprio? Annie   I've heard of Leonardo DiVinci. Hallie  'How far away is London anyway? 22 
6) 183) text: I'm fine.  (looks up at her)  so, did you meet him here in London?  Elizabeth-takes Hallie's hand as they dash across the str
6) 207) text: ANGLE - Annie WALKING ACROSS THE TARMAC carrying Hallie's duffel bag over her shoulder.  Nervous she breaks into a grin at the sight of her father, waving Annie    Dad!!! Annie runs to him and stops just as she reaches him. Annie  (looking up at him)  Dad... Finally...