0) 29) dialog: Well, here we are - Camp Walden For      Girls.     (looks around, with disdain)  We travelled six thousand miles for... this?  Annie looks around.  She also speaks with a BRITISH
0) 31) dialog: I don't know if that's precisely the term  I would use. Annie smiles as the Limo Driver lines up four pieces of m by Martin's side.
0) 32) dialog: So, lets review, your Mother's list, shall   we? (pulls out a typed list)  Vitamins? Annie  Check.
0) 33) dialog: Minerals? Annie  Check.
0) 34) dialog: List of daily intake of fruits and vegetables? Annie  Check.  Check.  (Martin looks up)  Check for fruits, check for vegetables.  Go on.
0) 39) dialog: Herbal teas, sugarless candy, sun block, lip balm, insect umbrella, stationary, stamps, fountain pen, flashlight, b grandfather and of course....  (turns page)  Yours truly! 6 
0) 42) dialog: Oh, and here's a little something from your           Grandfather, a brand new deck of cards.         Maybe you'll find someone on this continent          who can actually whip your tush at poker. Annie         I doubt it but thanks.  And thanks for          bringing me, Martin. Martin is suddenly overwhelmed with emotion.  He looks aw to burst into tears, quickly grabs Annie, hugs her tightl his dignity.
0) 43) dialog: And remember, if you change your mind and want me to pick up at the end of camp, I'm only a phone-call away. Annie  I'll be fine.  See you in eight weeks,   Marty ol’ pal.
0) 44) dialog:  Eight weeks it is, Queen of my Heart. Annie puts out her hand, Martin places his hand over hers proceed to do an extravagantly worked out SECRET HANDSHAK including a butt bump, a wave under the chin and a shimmy over, Martin resumes his proper Butler demeanor and gets pulls away, we HEAR: 
6) 65) dialog:    Annie! Hallie looks up and sees Martin pushing through the crowd small bouquet of flowers 
6) 67) dialog: You look fantastic.  What did you do to your hair? Hallie  cut it.  Do you like it? 
6) 72) dialog:   Love it.  It's the new you!  (notices) And you got your ears pierced!  Give me five, girlfriend! He puts out his hand to start "the handshake".  Hallie looks at him strangely for a moment, then remembers "the it to perfection. 
6) 76) dialog: Eight weeks at camp and suddenly you act like a American
6) 79) dialog: You've seen the guards up close a million times. Hallie   But never with short hair and pierced ears.
6) 80) dialog: Did they serve you anything funny to drink on that plane?
6) 83) text: Hallie    Please, Martin.  Just for a sec.
6) 84) dialog: Just for a sec?  Now you're even talking like an American.  Oh, dear... Gareth pull over, will you, old bo The Driver pulls up in front of BUCKINGHAM PALACE and Hal and runs up to one of the Royal Guards.  As is the custom Hallie, doesn't even blink. Hallie  (waves)    Hi, there.  How ya doin'?  (no answer, whispers)  My name's Hallie.  I'm from California.  We don't have anything remotely like you in California.  Oh, this has a nutcracker shaped just like you.  Same outfit... ev home?  What's she doing?  I know you can't answer.  Can y home? Suddenly, the Guard clicks his heels, lifts his rifle ove and snaps to attention.  A DOZEN OTHER GUARDS join him, d the other side of the gate is flanked by a MATCHED SET OF rifles from one shoulder to the other and snapping to att The enormous Gates to the Palace MAJESTICALLY OPEN and a HORS holding Royal Flags exit in formation, followed by A Rolls slowly pulls through the Gates and heads directly t among the Palace Guards. Hallie    oh jeez, tell me this isn't happening! The Rolls comes to a stop in front of Hallie and the tint the back-seat slowly lowers.  Hallie starts to fall backw pushes her back upright. From the back-seat, behind the Driver, QUEEN ELIZABETH le peers out crown and all.
6) 91) text: (through locked teeth)  Now that's a first. Hallie turns to Martin and the Chauffeur, who watch, thei
6) 103) text: Hallie  (to herself)  This is it, 18 Cumberland Square. Martin helps the Driver with the luggage as Hallie rushes steps.  She places her hand on the big round knob and tur
6) 116) dialog: (entering with the luggage)  I think it looks awesome.
6) 138) dialog:   I found a stowaway in your suitcase. Hallie  OhmyGod, Cuppy.  (Elizabeth turns to her)  He belongs to a girl in my bunk... I don't know how on ea ended up in my suitcase.  Gosh, whaddya know.
6) 139) dialog: well, since he's not our 'Cuppy’, shall we dispose of him Hallie  (retrieving it)  No! I mean, no.  I'll mail him to her.  She loves this thing a lot.  A lot.  A lot.  She's like slept with entire life and she could never be like in a foreign coun I'll take care. of it, thank you, Martin. Just then, the PHONE RINGS.  Elizabeth answers it.
10) 5) dialog:  James residence... Annie?    Hallie walks by.    Hallie  Yes, Martin? 
10) 6) dialog: (does a double-take) oh dear, it sounded just like you on phone.   (into phone) I'm sorry, who did you wish to speak with?  Annie?  Of course.  One moment, please. (hands Hallie the phone)  A Mildred Plotka for you... Sounds like your twin. Hallie  My twin?  Very funny.  (into phone)  Hello?  Oh, Mildred, how you doin'? 
10) 169) text: Hallie  If you ask me, the bouquet is a little too robust for a Merlot.  But then again, I'm partial to the softer Califo Elizabeth and Grandfather laugh, as Martin moves next to the FAX behind his back.  Hallie cocks her head to read i
10) 214) dialog:  I've never been so happy in my entire life.
10) 228) dialog: Actually, Hallie says her Dad's quite the hunk.  And neve re-married, either.  Just like you, ma'am.
10) 240) dialog: (sotto, to Hallie)  Liar, Liar, pants on fire...
10) 246) dialog: -- I'd accompany you to make the trip a bit easier for yo
10) 248) dialog: Madame, I'd be honored.  And as a friend, may I say... (reaches into her closet)  -- if I were seeing my ex after eleven years and I had yo legs... (pulls out a little RED DRESS)     I'd wear this baby.  You'll kill in it.
11) 25) dialog: Could've fooled me, ma'am.
11) 41) dialog: step into an OPEN ELEVATOR.  As the doors are about to close ... 
11) 68) text: (the Girls cross to the bar)  Don't you think I've pondered what it was going to be-,li see your father again after all these years?  (the Girls exchange a look)  Well, let me tell you, me waving like a mindless idiot wh Nick Parker is wrapped in another woman's arms is not exa mind.  No sireee...    (the Girls arrive with a wet washcloth and a glass of water)  Thank you.  (she places the wash cloth on (MORE) 92. ELIZABETH (cont'd)  her forehead, shuts her eyes)  And furthermore and much worse, is the fact that I've bee to by my own children and I'd like to know why. On that note, Martin passes through the room wearing only BATHING SUIT.  Elizabeth cracks open an eye, sits up.
11) 70) dialog:   Going for a swim.  Do you mind?
11) 73) dialog: Hello, Hello... There seems to be something in the air between them.
11) 78) dialog: (gallantly kissing her hand)   Enchante, mademoiselle.
11) 84) dialog: (trying to escape)   Allow me to assist you...
11) 93) dialog: (turn, ad jibbing at the same time) No. Not exactly.  We tried to reason with them.  What could we do?  They made the hired help.  Don't fire us.  It was a mistake.
11) 147) text:  -- sorry.  I think I just drank tar. The Bartender hands Meredith her drink and Elizabeth her Elizabeth signs her check and Meredith sneaks a peak at h on her Martini.
11) 267) dialog: And I'm Martin, your Sommelier.  May I offer you both a taste of the bubbly in hopes that you'll get a little sni lady and myself for following the orders of two eleven ye
11) 294) dialog: Looks like things are heating up nicely. I'd say it's saf serve the vichyssoise.
11) 299) dialog:   serve.
11) 339) dialog: I just called, she's on her way down.  Nick and Chessy join them.  Everyone's spirits are low.
12) 28) text: She and Martin went off on a picnic around noon... yester
12) 78) text: Nick and Elizabeth climb the stairs and enter the KITCHEN greeted by Martin and Chessy.  Martin wears shades and a
12) 81) dialog: But what a town!  I saw mountains, beaches, I saw Michael not to mention I found out I have the same hand size as J as John Barrymore.
12) 95) text: You too. The trunk is closed and Elizabeth hugs Hallie hard... Nic Annie.  Elizabeth, Annie and Martin wave, then duck into pulls off, Chessy, Hallie and Sammy all look up to Nick.