0) 3) text: Girls.  Girls.  Girls.  Tall ones, short ones and everything in between.  Some carry pillows, others carry backpacks.  There are more pony-tails swinging at this mo imagine.  Teenage Counselors try to control the pandemoni The only men in sight, the Bus Drivers,. toss duffel bags large pile. MARVA KULP, the owner of the Camp, late sixties, four and tall, wearing khaki shorts, talks through a BULLHORN.  Ne daughter and first lieutenant, MARVA JR., just under six She also holds a BULL-HORN.
0) 4) text: (into bull-horn)  Good morning, ladies and welcome to Camp Walden.  I'm Marva, your Camp Director and this is my daughter and rig please find your duffels as quickly as possible, we've go us.  Marva,'bunk assignments, if you please. Marva Jr. lifts her BULL-HORN and starts barking out bunk right into her Mother's ear.  Marva Sr. covers her ears i
0) 5) dialog: Berg, Kate, Iroquois, bunk seven Berg, Lily!  Chickasaw, bunk five!  (we HEAR a SCREAM of joy) Burnham, Daisy!  Kickapoos, bun three! 2 A MOUNTAIN OF DUFFEL BAGS sits on the quad as one eleven year-old, Hallie Parker, pops u   Hallie  (to herself) okay, found my duffel, now the question is, how do I get Hallie wears overalls, a baseball cap that says Girls Rul and a sweat-shirt tied around her waist.  Her ears. are p she wears bright red high tops and metallic blue nail pol Hallie  (finding her duffel bag strap)  Okay, I can do it. Hallie pulls on the strap with all her might, her face tu red. Hallie  Okay, no I can't. A skinny kid with a long neck, ZOE, steps in, carrying he her shoulder and chewing gum.
0) 23) dialog: (yells from bull-horn)  Parker, Hallie... 
0) 26) dialog: (looks over and waves)  Arapaho!  Bunk eleven! The Girls slap hands and head off toward their bunk. Hallie So, either of you by any chance know how   to play poker? (Nicole and Zoe shake their   heads) No? That's a shame.  So, tell me, how much cash did you g with you this summer? As the Girls walk off, CAMERA BOOMS UP to a LIMOUSINE pul front of the MAIN LODGE.  Heads turn as the Driver, in a and opens the limousine's back door.  Out steps a PROPER posture, elegant grey suit, extremely proper demeanor.  H speaks with a stuffy ENGLISH ACCENT. Martin leans into the back-seat and takes the hand of an dressed eleven year-old, Annie James.  Annie wears a powder blue suit and carries a purse and a is perfectly neat, shoulder length and worn with a powder turns to Martin, we see her face and we realize SHE LOOKS Hallie Parker!  Same hair color, same eyes, same nose, same mouth, same height, same weigh 5 
0) 46) dialog: Annie James? Annie  Yes, hello.  I apologize if I'm late.  My plane was fogged in leaving Heathrow.  You )mow how- London is in J
0) 49) text: 7 MARVA JR. (cont'd)  her nose and generally going   crazy) Annie  Are you all right?
0) 50) dialog: Oh sure.  Just one of the hazards of camp life.  You have a little shnoz ... you-11 be fine. (indicates her' own nose)   With this honker, you got problems.  (looks at Arnie's luggage)   Okey-dokey, let's get this show on the road. Annie  Can you manage?
0) 51) dialog: Manage?  Uh, sure... Suppose I can... Why
0) 52) text:  not? Marva Jr. awkwardly gathers up all of Annie's luggage and toward her bunk. 
0) 55) dialog: I know this sounds weird, but ... have we   met before? -Marva accidentally steps in a gopher hole and stumbles f Annie     Met before?  No, no, I don't think so.
0) 59) dialog: Showers are to your right.  Rec room's to your left.  Mess hall's straight ahead.  Chow's at seven, twelve-fift Mother gives five demerits for being tardy, so don't be. Marva Jr. holds the screen door open with her LEG as she Annie's suitcases under her arms 8
0) 60) dialog: Welcome to the Navajos. 
1) 0) text: Eight cots with Seven Girls unpacking and getting into th uniforms.  Annie and Marva Jr. enter.
1) 1) dialog: New arrival, girls.   Name's James. A cherubic-looking Black girl, JACKIE, her hair in corn r from her Game Boy.
1) 5) dialog: Annie James.  Just arrived from London,   England. (dropping Annie's luggage)  First time in the country, I believe,   right, Ann? Annie  Yes, ma'am, just arrived this morning, which is actually tonight for me, which makes this tomorrow morning, which. her) makes me a ' bit jet-lagged. 
1) 7) dialog: Yep.  Has to be made every morning right after reveille.  Mother's a stickler for neatness, so remember daily.  Now, change into your uniform, James, chow's at t gives five demerits... Annie  --for being-tardy. (MARVA stops short) I remember. CROSBY, a freckled camper, with a CD Walkman around her n Annie's eye and smiles. Annie  .But thank you for reminding me, Ma'am. 9 
1) 10) dialog: Quite welcome, James. (as she exits)  Introduce yourself, ladies.  Be sociable. Marva trips over a sneaker on her way out.  The Girls hol laughter as she BANGS her head on the door frame.  As soo crack-up.
3) 3) dialog: Touche!  Excellent, girls.  (raises Hallie's arm)  The winner and still undefeated champ, Hallie Parker! Hallie takes a bow and moves off with her-friends.  Annie
3) 5) dialog: Do we have any challengers? Annie  (pulling on a mask)  Sure.  I'll take a whack at it. She snaps on a vest, flips the sword into the air and cat nods to Marva, Jr.
3) 6) dialog: (blows her whistle)  En garde! Hallie, still in her mask, turns to see Annie in her mask vest.  Annie SALUTES briskly with her sword.  Hallie hesi same.  They stand on guard... looking like bookends.  Mar whistle again and...
3) 9) dialog: Looks like we got ourselves a new camp champ.  Miss Annie James!  Let's'shake hands, girls. Neither girl turns around.
3) 10) dialog: Girls! Annie and Hallie turn, hands extended.  And for the first
3) 28) dialog:  Okay, ladies, time to break-up this           little love fest.  Annie... Hallie...      (notices how they look alike)
3) 80) dialog: (climbing steps to Annie's bunk) Navajos... Surprise inspection.  Ten-shun!  Mom, why don't you do the honors. Marva Sr. nods and reaches for the screen door handle but to her. Hallie  No, no, don't go in there! Annie crosses to her side of the SCREEN DOOR and watches, Hallie's up to. Hallie  one of the girls got sick last night and it's a big mess. Save yourself the aggravation.  It's really disgusting.
3) 85) text: Open the door and come on in, ma'am. With that, Marva Sr. swings OPEN the door, TIPPING THE BU now see is filled with HERSHEY'S SYRUP.  Marva Sr. is ins in CHOCOLATE.  Marva Jr. : SCREAMS, slipping in the syrup stairs.  Marva Sr. turns to Hallie, slowly wiping the syr OVER, we HEAR:
3) 90) dialog: A-men.
3) 93) dialog: I'm afraid the look-alike thing has been the crux of the problem, Chief.
3) 98) dialog: (sotto) That does somehow say we failed, doesn't   it, Mom?
3) 100) dialog: (under her breath)  Uh-oh. The Girls both bite their lockets, nervously awaiting the
3) 107) dialog: You'll thank us for this, you'll see. The Marvas exit, leaving Annie and Hallie alone and worse other.  Annie lifts her suitcases onto the bed and neatly things.  Hallie, on the other hand, flips
6) 57) dialog: (through her bull-horn)  -- Annie James!  Your car's here!  Annie James, front and center! Annie  That's you.  (hands her envelope)  Here's your ticket and passport.  The plane leaves at noon.  (then)  Also, remember, you've got to figure out a way to bring M to California.
6) 58) dialog: Last call, Annie James! The Girls hug. 