11) 3) text: He begins to laugh at the thought. MILORD The opposition --- not John Wilkes nor his whole Whig Party -- could think of anything as clever as that, eh, Nell? NELL  You didn't think of it either. MILORD Well, it's one and the same thing —
19) 4) text: MED. CLOSE SHOT ,  The end of  the  table.    Here  sit L Sandwich and John Wilkes.  A pretty girl sits between the with numerous  patches on her face.  Wilkes bends across speak to Lord Mortimer. WILKES ...And only the Tories laugh at it.    The opposition wonders what the  effect may be on that sick young boy.    The Tories  care only for the  jest, we Whigs have  some concern for the humanities.
28) 0) text: This is a small shop opening directly onto the street. Th walls are lined with bookcases and a library ladder serve the highest shelves. On this ladder a gentleman with a co hat pushed back on his wig sits reading. There are bins o books on the sidewalk in front of the shop and counters within. At the rear of the shop is a manually operated printing press. The shop is fairly well filled with customers; serious gentlemen who are looking at books, discussing prints and indulging in political arguments. S is standing near the printing press with a companion, a s gentleman who looks not unlike Dr. Samuel Johnson. The CA is set up to SHOOT THROUGH the press. The press lowers, stamps and starts to move up. The printer, wearing the typical box hat of his trade, reaches into the press for finished sheet and hands it to Sims. INSERT     THE FINISHED SHEET.  It is a cartoon by Hogart depicting John Wilkes with horns, a tail and a devil's pitchfork. BACK TO SCENE - Sims and the other man chuckle and look o to another corner of the shop. The CAMERA FANS WITH their gaze to pick up Wilkes and Nel standing near a small counter. Wilkes has a book in his h He is talking across it to Nell. WILKES So far as I'm concerned, dear Mistress Bowen, you need not teach your parrot any special phrases for my benefit.
28) 3) text: Again Nell and Wilkes exchange a long silent glance. NELL I think you expect too much, Master Wilkes. WILKES I offer more.  You want to fight the nastiness and the corruption of Bedlam and I offer you political alliance with John Wilkes. Bring me evidence and I'll be pleased to take it to court. NELL Let us say that puts a brighter face on the matter Master Wilkes . WILKES One gives a girl a kiss to seal a certain kind of bargain, Nell. NELL (protesting) This is a rather public place, Master Wilkes. WILKES (disregarding her) But one shakes hands with a comrade and a friend.
30) 8) text: A paunchy commissioner laughs,  Sims smiles. The Chief Commissioner raps with his palm on the table top for orde CLOSE SHOT - Nell as she looks about, panic growing in he face, NELL Sir — gentlemen — would you permit me to  communicate  with Mr. John Wilkes — he would speak for me.
44) 1) text: The CAMERA BEGINS TO PULL BACK TO Master John Gray, stati and publisher, a well-fed man. He is bending over Oliver, berating him testily, Sidney Long, his book in his hand, slouches nearby. GRAY I appeal to you. Master Long — is it fair? I support his family — feed his children — even pay my tupence to come in and get my script and it is not ready. LONG We've been busy. We've been helping Mistress Bowen. GRAY Mistress Bowen — who is she?
50) 1) dialog: Citizen and Joiner, to be Chamberlain He having more creditors than any other person.
50) 2) text: A little away from this group stand John Wilkes, Hannay a Varney. VARNEY — and the bailiff came. She went with him to Bedlam. WILKES Apparently Sims fears an investigation. Men have rid themselves of unwanted wives by that sweet expedient but it takes Sims to forestall criticism with imprisonment. HANNAY I will not believe such ill even of him — but she is there. I have spoken with her. She's as sane as thee or me. WILKES Mistress Nell with that bright, quick mind of hers -- saner than either a politician or a Quaker.  This is still England, Hannay, and we have laws here — laws of right and justice. I shall see that Sims feels their full weight,
58) 0) text: Along the walls the  lunatics are lined- up.    There are many warders watching them.  In the center of the hall, walking toward the camera is a small group of people including a warder,  the Chief Commissioner of Lunacy,  another gentleman,  John Wilkes,  Hannay and Nell Bowen. MED.  FULL SHOT  - The group. NELL (to Wilkes) -- and when we got here, Master Wilkes, he was gone.  Long said he just left -- disappeared —- CHIEF COMMISSIONER That is all I can get out of Long, but I know they must have killed him.