53) 3) dialog: General Tarkas -- I'm here for you! Please listen to me! I've traveled to Thark for you! Tars motions to his soldiers. As they brusquely drag her she meets eyes with Carter. She gets only confusion, no g of sympathy. So her eyes harden -- and look away. Tars nods to Carter, with genuine respect. Then marches o his wake, Sola appears...
57) 0) text: Doors THUNDER OPEN to reveal a court-like rotunda. Eight THARKS, the War Council, flank a central pulpit -- where Hajus slumps in a lazy, draconian pose. Carter slips in, desperate to find the princess. An assem THARK OFFICERS watches as Dejah is brought before Hajus. fore are Tars, Vaxx and Sarkoja.
57) 2) dialog: Commander Hajus, I demand the safe treatment of my ship’s prisoners--
57) 4) dialog: (pure bitterness) You’re even more savage than your reputation.
57) 6) dialog: We were a damaged vessel requesting safe harbor. We returned fire only when provoked--
57) 8) dialog: We were engaged -by Zodangan warships over the Korus Hills. Mine was a diplomatic mission. My destination was Thark. There’s a MURMUR of surprise among the assembled Tharks. Hajus narrows his eyes as the murmur grows...
57) 9) dialog: For decades, we have maintained the entire planet’s water supply, despite the brutal interference of your Tharks. You know that if not for our scientific operations, there wouldn’t be the resources on Mars to support a single life -- green or red. Hajus scowls, but doesn't dispute this.
57) 10) dialog: Within days, my city will fall. only an alliance will save us both--
57) 13) dialog: It provides our air, our water, our existence. It has run itself since the dawn of time! Is that for one man to control? If it even can be controlled? Hajus gives a dismissive wave. Dejah meets the gaze of Ta Tarkas...and now turns toward him...
57) 14) dialog: That Plant was a gift from the Orovars, the creators -- beyond our science and understanding. My people have sworn to protect it~-
57) 16) dialog: I address all Tharks.
57) 18) dialog: (pleads with Tars) I promise you, this is your fight. Tharks once knew the meaning of honor. You were more than thieves and killers - - until this King--
58) 3) dialog: There are four guards. Right outside.
58) 5) dialog: (with suspicion) Who are you? -
58) 7) dialog: You attacked my ship and killed my men.
58) 9) dialog: And now you think differently? (beat) Yet you live among Tharks, you wear their armor, you speak their language. He points to the starscape beyond the balcony:
58) 11) dialog: No. A weighted beat between them.
58) 12) dialog: You believe there is a way back.
58) 14) dialog: The Orovars. (off his look) They were the ancestors of all life. (MORE)
58) 15) text: DEJAH (cont'd) They traveled the galaxies, colonizing planets. They built the Atmosphere Plant that makes Mars inhabitable, they built our canals, our cities -~ and then vanished a million years ago. If there’s a portal on Earth...I suspect they built your planet too. Dejah goes to the window, where Earth hangs in the night
58) 16) dialog: You say you‘re from the future? Carter nods.
58) 17) dialog: Does life on this planet survive? Carter hesitates. She waits with troubled eyes.
58) 19) dialog: This is why we fight.
58) 21) dialog: Tal Hajus will keep me prisoner. Red men are all the same to him. He blames us all for his people's exile.
58) 24) dialog: Beyond this city lie oceans of desert - - full of Warhoons and worse. It will take days to get to Helium...if it even still stands. 51.
58) 26) dialog: And if he’s dead? If you never find him?
58) 28) dialog: Then tell me, John Carter. How do we escape ten thousand Tharks? Their whispering faces are close enough to kiss...there's charge in the air...but Carter remains focused:
58) 30) dialog: John Carter. Of Earth. +.-and as she looks to the stars, ANGLE moves past her to hidden GRATE in the high shadows of the ceiling. From a r perch above...a pair of THARK EYES gleam... Sarkoja has been watching.
64) 0) text: Carter scampers the rooftops, under cover of darkness. A perch gives him a vantage of the Palace Tower-- --where a LIGHT is on in Dejah’s high window. A high ston corridor bridges it to the rest of the palace, but the to also ringed by a crumbling outer staircase -- beginning h up. Directly beneath it is a thatched-roof GUARDHOUSE, wi small CAMPFIRE. And two SENTRY THARKS.
66) 0) text: The Sentry Tharks come running just as the straw-roofed h GOES UP IN FLAMES! And in the next instant -- SMASH! The panicked Malagor CRASHES straight through the burning roo FLAPPING WINGS skyward, elevating straight up-- --with Carter perched on its back! Skying a pure vertical --he comes even with the tower's stairs and jumps off. He crouches in shadow, unseen by the guards below-- --as the Malagor pumps its wings, shrieks, and flies off, snuffing last bits of flame from its wing-tips. The Sentr try to smother the mysterious stable-fire...while Carter scampers a spiral to the high window. INT. DEJAH‘S ROOM Carter slips inside, seeing Dejah’s figure asleep beneath covers. He races to the bed-- .
70) 4) dialog: I find that hard to believe. Hajus rubs the thing’s belly and it purrs.
70) 5) dialog: Why was I moved from my room...
70) 8) dialog: I have no idea what you’re--
70) 10) dialog: You are mistaken. Hajus merely nods, leaving the Banth...
70) 14) dialog: But they’1l pay...my people will pay...
74) 0) text: A wounded Carter and Dejah race through the shadows, as A and COMMOTION sound all around them. Behind them we see shimmers of LIGHT from the TORCHES of Guards... Up ahead is what looks like an opening to the P outside the palace... SCRAAAAAPE! POUND-POUND-POUND! Cart and Dejah stop. SCRAAAAAPE! POUND-POUND-POUND! A SHAPE appears...! It is Woola. Wearing a collar and chain, dragging a large he pulled from the wall to which he was tethered. Carter wraps his arms around the calot and the happy beas a familiar “Oola-oola-oola.” Carter SMASHES free the coll lock with the hilt of his sword.
74) 1) dialog: I take it he’s yours. 61.
76) 0) text: BOOM! Doors blow open as Carter, Dejah and Woola race in- --as Carter rushes to the BLACK-EYED THOAT he'd “tamed.” Suddenly, someone approaches! Carter grips his sword and to see... Sola, a SPEAR in hand, poised for launch... Car freezes. Sola THROWS the spear! It sails past him and HIT GUARD coming at them from behind!
77) 0) text: Two Thoats GALLOP into the streets, with Sola on one and and Dejah clinging to the reins of Black-Eyes. Woola skeddaddles wildly to catch up... «..as they race their thoats into a warren of alleys. But every direction they turn, PLATOONS OF THARKS are converg --leaving them backed to a MOSQUE-LIKE BUILDING. Perhaps house of worship. With no choice, they rush inside--
79) 0) text: The pursuing Tharks converge on the building as GREEN RAD FIRE lights up from within and there’s a RUMBLE as-- KABOOM! The ten zitidars EXPLODE through the doors, stamp to escape like a herd of panicked elephants! They crush T and thoats alike as they funnel into the alleys-- --and send the stream of oncoming Tharks into retreat, re course in a mad dash to get out of their way! In the chaos, Carter, Dejah, Sola and Woola ride out a si of the building. Escaping unseen...
82) 0) text: The.two thoats descend sandstone steps.. Sola lights PHOS FLARES. Carter's wracked with pain; Dejah holds him.
83) 0) text: The Canal spills into a DRY RIVERBED. Reaching the end of tunnel, Sola and Dejah crawl out of the Canal and climb t ridge... Lagging behind, Carter follows...
84) 0) text: Rising from the riverbed, a relieved Carter turns to Deja Sola who look like they just received a death sentence. Carter spins... Sitting atop a panting thoat is Tars Tark In each hand he holds a rifle. Two are pointed at Sola an Dejah. He aims the Third at Carter. Dispirited, overcome pain, Carter drops to his knees, hangs his head, and rais arms in surrender.
86) 1) dialog: (to Sola) He's losing too much blood...
88) 0) text: A fierce SANDSTORM rages as Sola urges her thoat against gale. Suddenly, a feverish Carter FALLS! Dejah drops to h side. He's wracked with sweat and shivering, eyes shut...
88) 1) dialog: 
89) 0) text: A makeshift tent has been put up, with Carter and Dejah i huddled against the elements. Dejah brings a canteen of w to his lips... ...and sees, around his neck, his Army DOG TAGS. She reac for them, tentative. Wipes the grime away to read his nam
89) 3) dialog: What are you talking about?
89) 6) dialog: It's the future of all planets, isn’t it? Yours too. So do you stop fighting for your survival today?
89) 9) dialog: And is there no war? Carter falls silent. 69.
89) 10) dialog: That is the world I dream of. They trade a solemn look. Carter's fading fast...and as h loses consciousness, she tenses, clutching him--
89) 11) dialog: No...stay awake...stay awake... --and, without other recourse, presses her lips to his an kisses him. She holds it...but when she looks back...his are shut. She takes his hand, feeling his pulse... He’s still alive. She then sees his NOTEBOOK poking from pocket. She opens it up to the first page: “My name is Ca John Carter, United States Army, etc.”
90) 0) text: Where Dejah continues to read his journal...as the DIAMON at her navel gleams in the dim light...
91) 0) text: A CAMPFIRE crackles as Sola roasts an avian carcass, whil thoats munch on bramble. Meanwhile, Dejah spreads CACTUS SLUGS on Carter's wound. eat the infection, excreting juice and pulling the skin t like a LIVING BANDAGE...as he winces badly...
91) 3) dialog: Why are you helping us?
91) 7) dialog: What happened to her?
91) 11) dialog: You‘ve never told your father that you're still alive? Sola shakes her head solemnly.
91) 14) dialog: Your father is Tars Tarkas?! Sola regards them. Nods. Then, to Dejah:
93) 0) text: Carter, Dejah and Sola trek the jagged mountains, navigat treacherous trails. Carter gains strength as they go. Approaching a steep climb, their thoats falter. They won' it up the incline. The group trades a look -- and Carter removes the animals’ harnesses and reins--
94) 0) text: The threesome climb. The route is precarious, but Carter to climb with confidence now, with Dejah behind him-- --till her footing gives way and she slips, sliding down scree right past Sola-- --just as Carter FREE-RAPPELS from above her, landing bel Dejah and catching her just in time before she slides ove perilous drop. And off their shared, grateful look...
95) 0) text: Sola scans the route ahead with a digital spyglass, seein contrails in the sky. She motions they should wait... ..-and as Dejah looks for Carter, she finds him sitting o rock ledge, staring at Earth. A moment alone.:.
95) 2) dialog: Not for me. Dejah considers...and finally unburdens the truth...
95) 3) dialog: For the key to the Atmosphere Plant. It’s the secret my family is sworn to protect.
95) 5) dialog: If you could give one man control of Earth -- the weather, the tides, the oxygen -- would you? Would you trust that to anyone? Is that what its maker intended? Carter nods, muses. Dejah holds the stare.
95) 6) dialog: We could use a soldier like you. 73.
95) 8) dialog: For the fate of the world?
95) 11) dialog: So am I, John. For the truth I didn’t tell you... (beat) Your friend the Earth Man is dead. Carter reacts, standing suddenly...
95) 13) dialog: The tags you wear around your neck...I've seen them before. Your radio, your clothes -- I’ve seen them all. They rest in a museum -- in my city. With the skeleton of a man.
95) 15) dialog: The name on the tags is James Powell. Carter stops still.
95) 16) dialog: He was found buried in the Paktar Sea Beds. Over a hundred years ago.
95) 18) dialog: Ten minutes on your planet. It is you who say you traveled through time. (beat) (MORE )
95) 19) text: DEJAH (cont'd) In the museum, he's our most famous exhibit. He‘s known as the “Proof.” That there is life on other worlds.
95) 21) dialog: Would you have helped me if I had? I said I'd help you find him. And I will. She starts toward him...
95) 22) dialog: You came for your friend but you're a century too late.
95) 24) dialog: I want you to. She reaches a gentle hand; he recoils from her touch.
95) 26) dialog: You‘re not alone--
95) 29) dialog: There's a place for you in Helium -- with my people. With me. He meets her eyes...and turns his back on her. It's all t much for him. She lets her gaze fall.
95) 30) dialog: Then may you find your way home, John Carter... Where the wars are your own. She walks away. Leaving him staring at his distant home planet...forever out of reach...
96) 0) text: The trio marches on, with Carter now far ahead. Sola trad look with Dejah -- why does he walk alone today? Dejah sh her head, feigns a mystery... ++-and as Sola and Dejah ascend a ridgetop, they find Car stopped in his tracks. At the gruesome sight of--
96) 3) dialog: Compared to them, the Tharks are philosophers.
96) 14) dialog: I'm sorry, John Carter. For everything. ---and as a bittersweet look passes between them...sudden DEEP RUMBLE sounds from above...and all look skyward to s
96) 20) dialog: Your friend? The Earth Man? No, he'‘s--
96) 25) dialog: For murder! You've killed millions!
96) 27) dialog: You?! You will bring its death! She suddenly charges him -- only to be grabbed by Carter. instinct. He holds her firmly -- and Powell nods a thanks Dejah looks to Carter with betrayal...
96) 31) dialog: Everything I love will die...when I do. Carter stands conflicted...as Powell turns to his soldier
97) 0) text: The Warhoons crowd around a bound Carter, as he’s escorte the ship. He strains for one last glimpse of Dejah (thru window) as Powell’s ship closes-- -~and off ‘the fear in their eyes-- --Carter raises a hand in farewell-- -~as Powell steps to Dejah’s side, with a sad, bitter gaz
105) 0) text: +..as Dejah watches from the window of Powell’s quarters. sits in his captain-like chair:
105) 1) dialog: Tell me, “James Powell.” What sort of man sends his friend to his death?
105) 3) dialog: I ask them to follow their conscience. Powell rises and approaches her as she presses...
105) 4) dialog: For millennia, our meager resources have been shared among us all. (MORE)
105) 5) text: DEJAH (cont'd) We've rationed and conserved. And then you arrive...to say no such sacrifices must be made. (beat) Despite the fact you have no proof.
108) 5) text: SEARS out from his side, “projecting” on the wall of the like a CURTAIN OF ENERGY, which causes a DOOR-SIZED SECTI the wall to RIPPLE INTO VIEW-- --and then the section of wall VANISHES as if it were nev there, revealing a long silver corridor! And the BEAM OF LIGHT cuts off, leaving a WHITE HOT INGOT Carter’s side as it slips free out of the wound-- 93. -- al itse to be Dejah‘s DIAMOND ‘ONE. It hits the ground and cools, all its energy receding. Carter stares in complete amazement...
123) 0) text: Officers and soldiers are busy with maps and screens -- o IMAGES of the Assault on Helium. Its patchwork force shie severely damaged. The bombardment is relentless... ...and on the room's bridge level, Dejah sits prisoner, w the destruction with tears in her eyes. To the side sits heavily chained and flanked by GUARDS.
123) 2) dialog: One. She stares daggers. Powell smiles thinly. He motions to a TECHNICIAN, who brings up on-screen images of three float Helium AIRSHIPS, apparently taken captive.
123) 9) dialog: (hisses) Silence! Powell stops. He studies the look that passes between the the revelation dawns...
123) 12) dialog: Silence, Sola! I command you!
123) 14) text: Sola's torn. Dejah’s stare is resolute. And as Powell pre the swordpoint, drawing blood...
126) 2) dialog: You had your key.
126) 5) dialog: What makes you so sure he has one...
128) 0) text: Powell stalks toward Dejah...
128) 11) dialog: 
128) 15) dialog: Noll: --as it opens...and out falls a U.S. Army CONCUSSION GREN Powell's face falls as he immediately spins and LEAPS-- --as the grenade DETONATES, propelling his “leap” with do force, smashing him into the screens of the War Room. Dej Sola and the guards are all thrown backwards-- --with Sola blown off the bridge level, down to the techn area where the Zodangan/Thark MELEE is in full force-- --while Dejah is blown into a dcorway. She scrambles up a runs, with the stunned guards in pursuit-- 110. --as Carter springs up FIRING at Powell, who GAMBOLS to a catwalk, as nimble and agile as Carter -- and he’s gone. looks back to the Tharks--
129) 0) text: Dejah outruns the Guards to the docking station for Powel Bomber Ship. An access door LOCKS behind her, leaving the guards on the other side...and as she thinks she’s safe-- --Powell suddenly DROPS into view from high above.
130) 0) text: Carter races in pursuit, seeing the Guards struggling wit access door. And just as it starts to rise-- lil. --Carter OPENS FIRE, with RADIUM BOLTS felling the Guards races toward them, hearing the RUMBLE of engines-—-~ INT. POWELL’S BOMBER --as Powell’s at the controls, hurling Dejah to the floor ship RUMBLES to life. When he turns his back, Dejah races the open entry hatch, but she's too late-- --just as the Bomber Ship LIFTS OFF--
131) 0) text: --and Carter emerges on scene to see the ship LEAVING the Drifting away with an arcing turn...twenty feet...forty...seventy... --and as Carter meets Dejah‘s eyes, at the open hatchway- --he never breaks stride, racing the length of the dock-- AND LEAPING INTO THE AIR’ “~? With a hard step off the dock’s edge...skying an arc towa ever-departing ship-- --a full mile above the unseen ground below-- --and as his seventy-foot arc nears its end, perilously c falling short, Dejah extends both arms out the hatchway--
132) 0) text: Carter and Dejah race back to the cockpit-- --only to see Powell's pilot chair BREAK LOOSE in a HISS STEAM as it REVERSE-EJECTS, with a hatch opening-~
134) 0) text: Carter and Dejah watch him escape...as Carter reveals her DIAMOND STONE and hands it over. Dejah beams. She secures back in her navel’s gold mounting...
134) 1) dialog: I knew you'd come... And as they drift toward a turning SKY CANNON, Dejah leap the remaining pilot’s seat--
134) 2) dialog: Time to fly. --as she FIRES their wing-guns and obliterates it.
135) 1) dialog: (from the controls) Everyone aboard the ship! Tharks lay down COVER FIRE, trading BLASTS with Guards on castle turrets. As Tars boards--
135) 3) dialog: We are eternally in your debt.
140) 0) text: Powell's stolen airship SOARS toward Helium, with the ent Zodangan Fleet now in staggered pursuit... INT. POWELL’S BOMBER Tars sits at the helm, with Carter, Dejah and Sola ~~ as flier is BUFFETED by gunfire--
146) 1) dialog: We’re no match for their fighters! We can’t even see them!
148) 0) text: Dejah takes over, piloting the Bomber toward the monstrou Carrier, as Tars rallies his Tharks atop its open-deck. T all hook into RAPPEL-LINES built into the deck railing--
148) 3) dialog: Hold on! We‘re going down!
151) 0) text: Zodangan GUARDS rush Powell toward an Assault Flier, pass right by the Airship’s wreckage-- --as Carter and Dejah tumble out, battered but alive. The Guards start SHOOTING and they return it, felling two-- --but Powell has already LEAPT aboard the Assault Flier a POWERS its engine, taking off into the fray-- --and Carter looks up to see Dejah aboard a second Flier-
151) 1) dialog: This is not your war...
155) 0) text: Powell‘s Flier ROCKETS through a break in the SHIELDS, in city, dodging the dogfights of airships and Malagors-~ --with Carter and Dejah‘s second flier in hot pursuit. De flies while Carter mans the DECK CANNON--
159) 0) text: Carter and Dejah’s Flier dips and dodges the city’s spire gaining on Powell‘s Flier--
159) 2) dialog: We've lost control! We have to jump!
163) 0) text: BOOM! CANNONS still THUNDER as Carter and Dejah arrive fr gardens. Joining Tardos Mors and Helium GENERALS...
163) 3) dialog: Because of one man, Father. This is Captain John Carter -- of Earth. (MORE )
163) 4) text: DEJAH (cont'd) It was he who brought the Tharks. It was he who made the difference. The King bows, astonished, and Carter returns it...as the to face the valley...where the Zodangans retreat, and Tha Heliumites fight triumphantly, side-by-side...
163) 8) dialog: Didn‘t I promise you it'd be beautiful? Carter turns. Dejah's standing there, in royal regalia.
163) 9) dialog: Is there anything like it on Earth?
163) 11) dialog: Take it, John. Remember it. So that wherever you are, on this or any planet, you may close your eyes and still see it... She passes her hand over his face, closing his eyes.
163) 12) dialog: Your new home. He opens them. She stands before him with a smile. Withou another word, to the sound of a distant celebration and i shadow of a setting sun... ...they find each other’s embrace, lost in a valiant kiss
163) 14) text: INT. DEJAH‘S QUARTERS - NIGHT OMINOUS THUNDER rumbles, rousing Woola from sleep. He's c outside a door, GROWLING at shadows standing over him. A ADVISER and two SOLDIERS look pale...
164) 1) dialog: (alert at once) What's happened? The advisers trade a look of profound fear...
165) 0) text: Tardos Mors sits dead at his desk. A KNIFE pierces his heart...and the diamond is gone from his pendant’s crest. Dejah and Carter charge in -- to see Tars Tarkas, Sola an King's senior STAFF already there. Dejah GASPS -- and run her father’s side, collapsing there, weeping.
165) 3) dialog: The key. She and Carter trade a sudden look...as more HEAT-LIGHTNI CRASHES right outside, striking city spires. The building TREMBLES from impact.
165) 7) dialog: It‘s the Atmosphere Plant.
167) 0) text: The airship’s hatch opens, allowing Carter, Dejah and Tar the hostile elements. The field of blue flowers has withe BARREN SOIL. Dejah holds up her DIAMOND STONE...and all shield their e its BEAM OF ENERGY is BLINDINGLY cast upon the wall--
168) 0) text: Carter, Dejah and Tars race through the entry “airlock,” their wounds mysteriously HEAL, nearing the RIPPLING ‘DOO
169) 16) dialog: 
169) 22) dialog: Jump! Now! JUMP!!! --and Carter does, LEAPING the gap, arcing right toward h
177) 0) text: Where EARTH hangs prominently in the same position, blue brilliant and mysterious... ...being watched by silhouettes standing all together. Ta Tarkas. Sola. Woola. And Dejah Thoris...