25) 0) text: Carter jumps to a spire and looks down upon the dome... T a thick, curved, transparent roof, he sees HUNDREDS OF EG feet high, three feet in diameter, with a leathery white Sunlight is refracted through the dome and grows with int providing heat. The building’s purpose is clear - it is a INCUBATOR. --And guarding the entrance are two CALOTS - formidable, ferocious creatures about six feet long, as thick as a rh with ten stubby legs, frog-like heads with three rows of and tusks jutting from wide jaws. One might think of an ugly/cute English Bulldog when looking at them, but one c could eat five Earth dogs for breakfast. Carter hears a GROWL. Turning, he comes face-to-face with THIRD CALOT (whom he will later name WOOLA). Stouter than others, with an endearing patch of color around one eye, regards Carter with curiosity...
32) 0) text: In the city center, a bombed-out cathedral-like building over the rest. Once an architectural wonder, now a deteriorating monument to war. At the caravan’s fore, Tars Tarkas exchange salutes -- th crossing of mid-limbs -- with four PALACE GUARDS. 23.
34) 0) text: Carter’s eyes snap open as he bolts up in bed -- a stack covered burlap, surrounded by chain-mail netting. He's be stripped to his army shorts. But he's alive. The room glows with FIRELIGHT. He sees his washed clothes hanging from a line. He sees a meal left on a table. And hears a throaty PURRING. Woola-woola-woola... Carter turns to see Woola guarding the door, licking his Carter’s eyes narrow...
42) 0) text: A flurry of activity as five THARK GUARDS race past Carte and Woola. Shouts and cries of alarm...which we hear Cart starting to “process”...
43) 0) text: BOOM! Five Thark Guards burst in -- with Carter and Sola find several dead CALOTS on the ground. Crates of weapons been smashed open and raided.
45) 0) text: Back at the window, Carter sees the Thark Guards FIRE mor radium blasts into the fallen Warhoons -- killing them. ( Warhoons are skeletal, Cro-Magnon versions of Tharks.) The Tharks then look to Carter, nodding with respect..
64) 0) text: Carter scampers the rooftops, under cover of darkness. A perch gives him a vantage of the Palace Tower-- --where a LIGHT is on in Dejah’s high window. A high ston corridor bridges it to the rest of the palace, but the to also ringed by a crumbling outer staircase -- beginning h up. Directly beneath it is a thatched-roof GUARDHOUSE, wi small CAMPFIRE. And two SENTRY THARKS.
65) 3) dialog: I heard something! By the tower! +..to see a slumbering MALAGOR wake. The shack is his hom dragon-like head rises, wings unfurling-- --and Carter swiftly looks to the CAMPFIRE beyond the doo its burning logs within reach. With an idea...
66) 0) text: The Sentry Tharks come running just as the straw-roofed h GOES UP IN FLAMES! And in the next instant -- SMASH! The panicked Malagor CRASHES straight through the burning roo FLAPPING WINGS skyward, elevating straight up-- --with Carter perched on its back! Skying a pure vertical --he comes even with the tower's stairs and jumps off. He crouches in shadow, unseen by the guards below-- --as the Malagor pumps its wings, shrieks, and flies off, snuffing last bits of flame from its wing-tips. The Sentr try to smother the mysterious stable-fire...while Carter scampers a spiral to the high window. INT. DEJAH‘S ROOM Carter slips inside, seeing Dejah’s figure asleep beneath covers. He races to the bed-- .
67) 0) text: Carter and Sola rush out to see two THARK GUARDS lying de felled by radium gunfire. Carter’s still astonished:
68) 0) text: On a ledge above, a FIXED TENT sits beside two RADIUM CAN buffeted by a gale. A guarded checkpoint. Two THARKS stand by their post when they hear a DISTANT W Immediately, they rush to their gunner positions-- --as they and their cannons are OBLITERATED in a STRAFING RADIUM FIRE as a Zodangan FIGHTER (with tail-mounted cann SOARS past, right through the pass. 56.
74) 0) text: A wounded Carter and Dejah race through the shadows, as A and COMMOTION sound all around them. Behind them we see shimmers of LIGHT from the TORCHES of Guards... Up ahead is what looks like an opening to the P outside the palace... SCRAAAAAPE! POUND-POUND-POUND! Cart and Dejah stop. SCRAAAAAPE! POUND-POUND-POUND! A SHAPE appears...! It is Woola. Wearing a collar and chain, dragging a large he pulled from the wall to which he was tethered. Carter wraps his arms around the calot and the happy beas a familiar “Oola-oola-oola.” Carter SMASHES free the coll lock with the hilt of his sword.
76) 0) text: BOOM! Doors blow open as Carter, Dejah and Woola race in- --as Carter rushes to the BLACK-EYED THOAT he'd “tamed.” Suddenly, someone approaches! Carter grips his sword and to see... Sola, a SPEAR in hand, poised for launch... Car freezes. Sola THROWS the spear! It sails past him and HIT GUARD coming at them from behind!
99) 0) text: Four huge WARHOON GUARDS march Carter and Tars up a mine- incline. One of each man's legs are now connected by a te chain. WAR DRUMS pounding up ahead-- --as they emerge at one end of a football-field pit of LA ROCK. Uneven terrain, dotted with smoking FUMAROLES and burbling TAR PITS -- all bordered by towering SPIRES OF B like a giant ribcage rising from the rock. And it’s surrounded by HUNDREDS OF WARHOONS, drunk and wi event has the rowdy, illicit atmosphere of a cockfight -- grand scale. A BONFIRE along one wall lights the pit.
115) 3) dialog: A Zodangan ship--! 100.
115) 5) dialog: It is General Tarkas! A MURMUR in the room. Hajus’ face falls...as suddenly a T rides right in to the council chamber, with Tars Tarkas a Carter his prisoner. Tars dismounts, hauls Carter down-~- --spilling him to the floor, hands bound, before the coun
123) 0) text: Officers and soldiers are busy with maps and screens -- o IMAGES of the Assault on Helium. Its patchwork force shie severely damaged. The bombardment is relentless... ...and on the room's bridge level, Dejah sits prisoner, w the destruction with tears in her eyes. To the side sits heavily chained and flanked by GUARDS.
129) 0) text: Dejah outruns the Guards to the docking station for Powel Bomber Ship. An access door LOCKS behind her, leaving the guards on the other side...and as she thinks she’s safe-- --Powell suddenly DROPS into view from high above.
130) 0) text: Carter races in pursuit, seeing the Guards struggling wit access door. And just as it starts to rise-- lil. --Carter OPENS FIRE, with RADIUM BOLTS felling the Guards races toward them, hearing the RUMBLE of engines-—-~ INT. POWELL’S BOMBER --as Powell’s at the controls, hurling Dejah to the floor ship RUMBLES to life. When he turns his back, Dejah races the open entry hatch, but she's too late-- --just as the Bomber Ship LIFTS OFF--
151) 0) text: Zodangan GUARDS rush Powell toward an Assault Flier, pass right by the Airship’s wreckage-- --as Carter and Dejah tumble out, battered but alive. The Guards start SHOOTING and they return it, felling two-- --but Powell has already LEAPT aboard the Assault Flier a POWERS its engine, taking off into the fray-- --and Carter looks up to see Dejah aboard a second Flier-