1) 2) dialog: War is hell.
2) 3) dialog: Take five men from the east and eliminate every rebel you encounter. I'll do the same from the south.
2) 6) dialog: If possible.
2) 8) dialog: Okay. You gotta right to know. Story is some gemstone showed up at a London jeweler’s. The CIA got hold of it. Turns out to be a whole new type of mineral. Never seen before. Has some amazing properties. Lots of uses. Lasers...and other tech stuff. They traced it back to this village. We've been ordered to locate and secure the source. Everything else is secondary.
2) 10) dialog: It's the job.
2) 12) dialog: Bad tactics. But we’ll all go in from the Northeast. Isolate the civilians first. 3. Powell sticks out his fist. Carter bumps it with his fist
2) 13) dialog: Still friends?
4) 0) text: --as the Army Ranger unit STORMS the village from all sid SHARPSHOOTERS lay down cover fire, as Carter, Powell and race to cover of mud huts-- --picking off REBELS as‘they'race into view, guns blazing chaotic urban warfare, deep in a remote jungle. Carter and Powell advance with care as RAT-A-TATATATA! -- AUTOMATIC FIRE eats up the dirt dead ahead. A GUNNER in a thatched-roof tower atop a tribal worship house fires a M GUN. Carter’s on his radio:
5) 2) dialog: Never say it’s your last mission.
6) 0) text: Carter and Powell dart out another way, trading FIRE with chasing Jeep. Powell takes out the DRIVER and the Jeep cr Carter sees the Tower Gunner facing the other way--
6) 1) text: Cover. --and races for the worship house. Powell lays cover fire
7) 0) text: BOOM! Carter blows through the door, picking off two REBE OFFICERS before they can fire back. The building has been converted into a rebel command post. A SENIOR OFFICER sta FIRING, as Carter dives for cover-- --falling amidst MAPS, CHARTS and SOIL SAMPLES. Massive m of DIRT and CRUSHED ROCK fall around him. Geological test EQUIPMENT tumbles off tables as GUNFIRE rings out. Carter braces for a shot -- and now sees the SENIOR OFFIC his gun to the head of a FEMALE VILLAGER, bound in an interrogation chair. The officer SHOUTS threats--— --and Carter doesn’t hesitate. BAM! be theese His shot kills the Officer. Carter springs to the ladder-stairs to the Tower and clim behind the Machine Gunner, levelling his rifle-- --as the Machine Gunner whirls on him and OPENS FIRE-- --just as Carter DROPS back through the trap door, landin The Hulking Gunner abandons his post and LEAPS through th in pursuit. With a huge machete-- --and CRASH! Carter blocks the machete strike with his ri wielding it like a two-handed sword. The Gunner CLASHFS a and Carter parries. The huge rebel drives Carter back, SL madly-- --and KNOCKING the gun from Carter’s hands. Carter hits t deck. The Gunner plants a BOOT on his neck just as Carter for his ankle-holstered pistol-- --and the machete comes down just as the pistol goes up-- --and BAM! The Gunner falls. Sideways. Carter looks to see Powell in the doorway, rifle smoking. both catch their breath, exhausted...
7) 2) dialog: Whatever you say. 5. The sounds of GUNFIRE fade, replaced by SHOUTS of “All Se Their unit's taken the village. They swiftly free the bon the female prisoner-- A ranger arrives on the scene.
7) 6) dialog: (a strange tone) Yeah. Yeah they were. 4 And Carter turns to see what Powell’s staring at... On the tribal altar, there’s a SUNDIAL-shaped totem made baked red clay...with six gem-sized indentations in it -- - encircling a larger center indentation. It is filled with an INCANDESCENT FIRE-RED GEMSTONE, whic lit from within by an otherworldly glow. The gem absolute takes their breath away. And off their looks of pure amazement...
8) 0) text: ARMY RANGERS cut the locks on the doors-- ~-as IMPRISONED VILLAGERS spill out, bound and blindfolde soldiers free their bonds and the villagers embrace them- --as Carter and Powell watch from the worship house door. CIA Man arrives, storming right past them--
8) 1) dialog: It’s in there, Spooky.
8) 2) text: The rain has stopped as HELICOPTERS set down, bringing su personnel...and more INTELLIGENCE OPERATIVES, who are rus toward the worship house by the CIA Man. At the village's edge, Carter and Powell sit, scraping mu their boots, looking like hell...
8) 3) dialog: I'm gonna miss saving your life, you know.
8) 5) dialog: We get home, we're gonna change our minds. We'll take two weeks and want to be right back in it. Carter smiles. Shakes his head.
8) 6) dialog: What about the private security work? You still thinking about it? Us ex- Dev Group guys can make a lot of money.
8) 8) dialog: But you're so good at it.
8) 11) dialog: We got jungle and more jungle. Anybody needs some, send ‘em on over. He clicks off. Carter still surveys the jungle...
8) 15) dialog: Go, go, go!
9) 1) dialog: (into radio) We‘ve got a rebel on the south perimeter! We're in pursuit! --as they SMASH through huge leaves and dangling vines, a fleeing FIGURE stays far ahead of them, visible only as a DISTURBANCE in the overgrown jungle.
10) 0) text: Carter and Powell LEAP a stream, as more LIZARDS watch-- --and keep CRASHING through dense jungle, running hard an blind, finally bursting through into a--
11) 0) text: Where a few VINES hang down, just overhead, from high tre They catch their breath, listening for movement-- --and then see a RUSTLING in the jungle ahead. Then sever yards further. And further still. Powell starts for it-- 8. --but Carter grabs his arm. Powell frowns. Carter points the vine right beside his head. It’s swaying gently, whil rest of the vines are not. Together, they grip their rifles...and snap them upward--
11) 2) dialog: The hell with this. --as he raises his rifle and FIRES -- snapping the vine! --and sending the AFRICAN BOY tumbling twenty feet to the He lands on his butt, as his satchel spills open and-- SIX MORE INCANDESCENT RED “FIRE-GEMS” Fall out, GLOWING MAGICALLY as if from within. Carter and Powell's eyes go wide. The Boy gasps, then scrambles to r them...but Powell keeps him at bay...
11) 3) dialog: Carter...?
12) 0) text: Carter, Powell and the Boy push through the foliage to em an overlook -- with a view of e lush MOUNTAIN RANGE risin the clouds. Near'*the base, a JAGGED CREVASSE cuts into t range like a deep, black scar. The Boy is happily devouring a Baby Ruth candy bar as he to the canyon and speaks a single African word.
12) 3) dialog: It's not here. It’s not charted.
12) 6) dialog: Uh, yeah, we lost that rebel...still out here searching. (MORE)
12) 7) text: POWELL (cont'd) Might've found their supply route, though. Gonna have a look. May take some time.
12) 9) dialog: Thanks. We'll need it. Powell clicks off..-.and meets Carter's gaze...
13) 3) dialog: That is the mission.
13) 5) dialog: We take one, we take ten, I know.
13) 7) dialog: Besides killing for. Suddenly, the narrow CREVASSE opens up before them. ominous ribbon, a crack in the earth. Depth unknown.
13) 8) dialog: We’ve been doing this for fifteen years. For who, our country? No. NSA, CIA, guys like Spooky. Their wars, their agendas. What are we leaving this Army with?
13) 10) dialog: You ever seen gems like that? How much land in the Blue Ridge you think one of them buys? Forget private security work. A few of those rocks and we never have to kill anyone ever again. A dark ll. Carter weighs this. Powell pushes the moment.
13) 11) dialog: We've been best friends for fifteen years right?
13) 13) dialog: How many times before this have I asked you to break the rules?
13) 15) dialog: So what's one more? Carter laughs. Powell holds a hopeful stare.
13) 17) dialog: After I put a few aside for my old age.
14) 0) text: Powell DESCENDS on a rope line, lowered by Carter. He fee way down jagged walls, scanning a light across the walls spotting flecks of worthless QUARTZ and MICA.
14) 1) dialog: Lots of rocks -- no pretty redheads!
14) 3) dialog: Good goddamn question. More rope?! Fifty feet above him, a silhouetted Carter shakes his hea below, Powell now spots a series of LEDGES, like a natura staircase. He starts swinging himself-- 12.
14) 4) dialog: There's some ledges here, I think I can get a little deeper-- --and as he swings, the rope FRAYS against some rock...bu Powell grabs hold in time. He perches on a ledge--
14) 5) dialog: Okay, I'm gonna unhook-- --and as he unclips from the rope line, the ledge CRUMBLE Powell flails and tumbles, plummeting into darkness! His TERRIFYING YELL echoes -- and then abruptly cuts silent.
18) 0) text: Carter rappels through the opening, navigating far past t crumbling ledges and the end of Powell's rope-- --and then his light finds the bottom of the crevasse. Wi broken end of Powell’s rope. And traces of BLOOD. 13. Carter scrambles to the end of his vines...and drops six the crevasse floor. He scans his light...following drops blood...to the dark, jagged mouth of a CAVE.
96) 21) dialog: A skeleton in your museum? That‘s the Zodangan who first found me -~ in the desert, over a century ago. I took his life and left mine. (touches his red face) - It’s the atmosphere, Carter. In time, it’ll change you. Extend your life to. Powell nods to a black tribal marking on his throat, whic obscures a raised SCAR.
96) 22) dialog: That fall in the crevasse cut me open. Voice has never been the same. (a wry smile) Then again...what has?
96) 24) dialog: Like we always said, Carter. Finally found something worth fighting for.
96) 26) dialog: This planet dies. You know it and know it. Someone had to tell them. Someone had to try and save it.
96) 28) dialog: Where is the key to the Plant, Princess? Suddenly, Sola breaks free from the Warhoons and CHARGES. Powell instantly spins with his radium pistol--
96) 32) dialog: To my ship. They haul Dejah away to the ship. Another group hauls up too. Powell regards them, rueful: 79.
96) 33) dialog: Half this planet's run by savages. And the other half, philosophers. This world was desperate for men. Like you and me. INT. BOMBER - POWELL’S CABIN - DAY Powell leads Carter into a well-appointed room --~ with m charts on tables. Plates of food and drink.
96) 34) dialog: Now as for “James,” you'll need to stop with the “James.” It's “Lord Prince,” that’s how they like it. You'll have your own title too. It’s incredible, isn’t it? What gravity allows us to do?
96) 36) dialog: I landed like you did, in the Paktar Sea Beds. They were home to Zodangan villages then -- the poorest people on Mars. They took me in as one of their own. With my skills, I made a natural leader...and when I told them of their planet's fate, the word spread. And more villages started to follow.
96) 38) dialog: Imagine it. An “Atmosphere Plant.” Imagine all life on Earth run by an ancient computer -~ causing famine, floods, global warming, all of it. What if all that could end? If we simply opened the computer and changed the program?
96) 40) dialog: You've spent too long with the Princess.
96) 42) dialog: We're men of action, Carter!
96) 44) dialog: “Play” Gods?! WE ARE GODS! He roars it, with megalomaniacal amusement. Carter remain stone-faced. Powell’s smile fades:
96) 45) dialog: What did we ever fight for on Earth? Religious strife, border disputes, oil supplies. I’m talking about whether or not a whole world survives! (a heartfelt plea) You're here now. We need you. Lee : CARTER We need to go home is what we need.
96) 46) dialog: I’ve been here for one hundred and thirty years, don’t you think I've searched? There are no portals on Mars. My army’s mapped every mile of it. This is the only home we have left! He indicates his opulent cabin quarters...
96) 47) dialog: For fifteen years, we fought for others. You've never known what I've known. What it’s like...to be a leader. To be revered.
96) 49) dialog: We were looking for treasure, John. You can’t fault me for finding it. His stare darkens. Carter shows no signs of taking his si
96) 50) dialog: You‘re either with me or against me.
96) 52) dialog: I‘ll leave you to the Warhoons unless you're with me.
96) 54) dialog: We were. But that was a short time in my life. And a very long time ago. (beat) We’re both Gods here John. And if you‘re not with me, there’s only room for one.
97) 0) text: The Warhoons crowd around a bound Carter, as he’s escorte the ship. He strains for one last glimpse of Dejah (thru window) as Powell’s ship closes-- -~and off ‘the fear in their eyes-- --Carter raises a hand in farewell-- -~as Powell steps to Dejah’s side, with a sad, bitter gaz
97) 1) dialog: Goodbye, my friend. As the ENGINES ROAR to life, Carter's surrounded by Warho with the Leader scrutinizing his features...with interest then a RIFLE BUTT comes crashing down and DARKNESS.
105) 0) text: +..as Dejah watches from the window of Powell’s quarters. sits in his captain-like chair:
105) 2) dialog: You send an entire people. Their fate is sealed -~ and yet you ask them to fight.
105) 6) dialog: I will. Once I have your key. He stands close. She holds her ground.
105) 7) dialog: Wherever it’s hidden, you will tell me. The war ends the moment you do. He reaches for her hand, raises it...and presses his lips
105) 8) dialog: I taste blood on them, princess. He exits, leaving her alone at the window. She stares out at the column of refugees...and places a hand to her stom lifting the edge of her clothes-- ~-to reveal that the gold royal crest that pierces her na empty. The inset DIAMOND STONE is gone.
123) 1) dialog: How much more death are you willing to witness, princess?
123) 3) dialog: We captured these refugee ships en route to your polar outposts. Tell me what I want and I will spare them. (beat) Where is the key? Dejah watches the screen, says nothing. This destroys her
123) 4) dialog: (to an Officer) Detonate. On screen, one of the refugee ships EXPLODES. Two remain.
123) 5) dialog: Where is the key? 106. Dejah shuts her eyes. A tear rolls down her cheek.
123) 6) dialog: (to the Officer) Detonate. On screen, the second refugee ship EXPLODES. One now left
123) 7) dialog: On Earth, there was once a great war -- a war for the whole world. Do you know what it took to end it? The death of innocents. Of whole cities. And if that's what Mars requires ... (firmly) I only take your lives to save them. More tears roll down Dejah’s face. Powell turns to his Of to give the last command, when--
123) 10) dialog: You know... (incredulous) The Thark knows. Sola looks wary. Dejah glares a look of resolve.
123) 11) dialog: Tell me the key’s location, Thark... and the princess lives. Powell draws his sword and puts it to Dejah’s throat.
123) 13) dialog: Tell me.
123) 14) text: Sola's torn. Dejah’s stare is resolute. And as Powell pre the swordpoint, drawing blood...
126) 0) text: Where Powell now approaches Sola with the sword...
126) 3) dialog: You entrusted this planet to him? He's ready to strike her -- then spins to his officers:
126) 4) dialog: Send ships back to Warhoon lands! Talk to every single savage and find the Earth Man's grave! 108.
128) 0) text: Powell stalks toward Dejah...
128) 1) dialog: There was a time I envisioned a future for us, Princess. A peaceful union of our cities. You and I, side by side. (beat) But I learned one thing on Earth. Peace is the time between wars. It’s never the end in itself. He draws his sword as he’s almost there...
128) 2) dialog: We're at war, Princess. You are my enemy. This is your end. And as he raises his sword high to strike her down--
128) 5) dialog: 
128) 9) dialog: Her life for the key, Carter! Sola’s two guards have pistols drawn, aimed at Carter. Ca pistol is on Powell. And Powell‘s sword is at Dejah’s thr It’s a standoff.
128) 10) dialog: Her life for the key... Carter wavers, and then retrieves a small POUCH--
128) 14) dialog: The key first. They stare each other down, as Carter relents and tosses pouch...as Powell hurls Dejah aside -- but backwards -- i arms of his guards! Powell snares the pouch--
129) 0) text: Dejah outruns the Guards to the docking station for Powel Bomber Ship. An access door LOCKS behind her, leaving the guards on the other side...and as she thinks she’s safe-- --Powell suddenly DROPS into view from high above.
129) 1) dialog: Time to pay, Princess.
130) 0) text: Carter races in pursuit, seeing the Guards struggling wit access door. And just as it starts to rise-- lil. --Carter OPENS FIRE, with RADIUM BOLTS felling the Guards races toward them, hearing the RUMBLE of engines-—-~ INT. POWELL’S BOMBER --as Powell’s at the controls, hurling Dejah to the floor ship RUMBLES to life. When he turns his back, Dejah races the open entry hatch, but she's too late-- --just as the Bomber Ship LIFTS OFF--
132) 0) text: Carter and Dejah race back to the cockpit-- --only to see Powell's pilot chair BREAK LOOSE in a HISS STEAM as it REVERSE-EJECTS, with a hatch opening-~
133) 0) text: --as Powell drops out from the ship, as his chair SPROUTS like wings and he tips forward, ENGINES firing-- 112. --as it becomes a LOK-WING GLIDER and transports him towa AIRSHIP CARRIER on the far side of the city.
136) 0) text: Where Powell's LOK-WING lands, WINGS retracting as he sna of his belt and the chair-glider hits the ground-- --as he marches past DOZENS OF AIRMEN scurrying into thei Assault Fliers. A stunned COLONEL races to him--
136) 2) dialog: Helium. As fast as this thing can fly.
140) 0) text: Powell's stolen airship SOARS toward Helium, with the ent Zodangan Fleet now in staggered pursuit... INT. POWELL’S BOMBER Tars sits at the helm, with Carter, Dejah and Sola ~~ as flier is BUFFETED by gunfire--
145) 0) text: Approaching Helium, Powell stands with two ADMIRALS, surv the AERIAL DOGFIGHT that’s begun--
145) 2) dialog: They are to few and no match for our technology. Fire at will. Destroy those shields.
146) 0) text: Helium Interceptors DODGE and WEAVE, as the “mirage”-shro Assault Fliers SHOOT THEM DOWN like child’s play. They th make STRAFING RUNS, blowing HOLES in the city's blisterin struggling FORCE SHIELD... .+-while Helium BATTLESHIPS move out to confront the onco Zodangan CARRIERS. Deck cannons EXCHANGE FIRE. INT. POWELL’S BOMBER Swooping and diving, outgunning its Assault Flier pursuer the Helium AIR BATTLE appears on the horizon--
150) 0) text: Powell watches in dismay as the Tharks OVERWHELM the Deck Soldiers and climb toward the bridge--
150) 1) dialog: Ready my ship.
151) 0) text: Zodangan GUARDS rush Powell toward an Assault Flier, pass right by the Airship’s wreckage-- --as Carter and Dejah tumble out, battered but alive. The Guards start SHOOTING and they return it, felling two-- --but Powell has already LEAPT aboard the Assault Flier a POWERS its engine, taking off into the fray-- --and Carter looks up to see Dejah aboard a second Flier-
155) 0) text: Powell‘s Flier ROCKETS through a break in the SHIELDS, in city, dodging the dogfights of airships and Malagors-~ --with Carter and Dejah‘s second flier in hot pursuit. De flies while Carter mans the DECK CANNON--
159) 0) text: Carter and Dejah’s Flier dips and dodges the city’s spire gaining on Powell‘s Flier--
162) 0) text: Far from the front, there’s only smoke and silence...and CHERRY BLOSSOMS -- fluttering to rest upon Carter and Dej wrapped in one another's arms in the trenched-earth wake crash landing. Battered, but alive. They stir, rising to see the BURNING WRECKAGE further ahe Where Powell’s hawk-helmet sits upended, like a headstone hellish flame.
169) 1) dialog: The man asked me if I wanted to go home, Carter. Said he asked you too. On the HOLOGRAM WALKWAY leading to the “pathway,” with it of RED FIRE-GEMS hanging like constellations-- --Powell now RE-MATERIALIZES into view, with his face BAD BURNED. With a radium rifle.
169) 2) dialog: Why the hell didn‘t you? Carter looks to Dejah and Tars...and then back:
169) 4) dialog: Yes. Now you see. How can we ever go back to who we were? Ordinary. Insignificant.
169) 6) dialog: c'mon, Carter. It's what I'm good at. (smugly) Not even an Orovar can stop what he can’t see. Or a king. Dejah seethes. Powell advances, noting smoking machinery:
169) 7) dialog: I‘ve caused some damage, but I can fix it. Once I learn how it works -- how to control it.
169) 9) dialog: No? Like I can’t defy gravity? Or travel through time and space? We can save this planet -- you and me. If Helium resists, we'll cut off their rain. Their hydrogen, nitrogen, oxygen. Until they realize I WAS HERE
169) 12) dialog: I have a hundred years more experience on you, Carter. You can't stop me.
169) 18) dialog: Prepare to die on two planets. --and as the DISTORTION OF A BLADE is drawn back-- --from the balcony, Tars Tarkas aims his rifle...at Carte
171) 0) text: Amidst autumn leaves and barren branches, ANGLE FINDS a flattened, scorched circle...within which Carter lies. He struggles up, disoriented-~- --and sees the body of Powell lying nearby. Carter turns over. He's made the journey too -- as a dead man. Carter notes the familiar trees, leaves and sound of bird Clouds and a faint full moon in the sky...