45) 4) text: CARTER (V.O.) (cont'd) And of the fearsome Sab Than, the Desert Prophet, the Prince of Zodanga, who'd banished the Tharks to this wasteland nearly one hundred years ago. Carter finds his compass, with its lost, spinning needle, holds it up to the map. Explaining directions on Earth...
55) 7) dialog: It's a tragedy, your Majesty, that a place of such beauty...must be destroyed in order to be saved.
55) 9) dialog: You can’t survive. Surrender and you save the lives of millions.
55) 11) dialog: I was raised in the desert -- over one hundred years ago. Do you know what life is like there? A drop of rain, a blade of grass...they are all miracles. (beat) In time, this entire planet will be a desert. Its people will all need miracles. Why is Helium unwilling to try?
55) 13) dialog: But we can... This planet is dying! So you will deliver me the Atmosphere Plant or I will destroy your Kingdom to take it!
55) 15) dialog: According to you!
55) 17) dialog: I offer the people a miracle. I've won their hearts and minds. What do you have to offer them?
55) 19) dialog: There is peace in death, your Majesty.
56) 2) dialog: No mercy.
60) 0) text: Sab Than marches the bridge level, flanked by GENERALS--
60) 5) dialog: If she's there, she went willingly. For an alliance. Sab Than stares at HOLOGRAM SCREENS charting the progress armies’ assault on Helium...
60) 6) dialog: And if she’s there...so is the key.
60) 8) dialog: Our ships can’t be spared. Sab Than nods to his SENIOR AIDES, silently in his shadow
60) 9) dialog: Ready my armor and my ship. (to his Generals) This is the turning point. (darkly) Leave the princess to me. INT. CARTER’S ROOM - NIGHT Late, silent. Embers in the fire. Woola snores, slumberin the foot of the bed...as a SHADOW slips past. It’s Carter With a farewell look.
69) 0) text: We see the city in the b.g. as ENGINES ROAR...and the shi low, hovering over the sands. A HATCH swivels open and a CARGO DISC lowers, carrying Sa mounted on an ARMORED THOAT. As they reach the sand-- --Sab Than spurs his mount and rides off. For the dark ci Sab Than gallops the midnight sand...and as he does, his BLENDS with his surroundings, cloaking him again as a HEA MIRAGE SHIMMER. A trick of the eye.
70) 2) dialog: Open the gates. INT. TAL HAJUS’ BEDCHAMBER - NIGHT In an opulent room that reeks of cruel carnality...stands tense Dejah. Chained to a post is a fierce BANTH, a ten- Martian “tiger.” Doors THUNDER open as Tal Hajus enters w Sarkoja, who greets the Banth like a kitten...
75) 6) dialog: Tell your King I'm‘here. Then calmly marches inside. In the shadows.
85) 3) dialog: Tal Hajus. You were in possession of the Princess of Helium. And you chose not to inform Zodanga.
85) 5) dialog: That you had her? Or that you let her escape? Sab Than now turns. Tal Hajus takes an instinctive step b as Tars Tarkas arrives in the doorway behind him.
85) 6) dialog: Who is he?
85) 8) dialog: The one who rides with her.
85) 10) dialog: And you let him live?
85) 12) dialog: Your people exist at my pleasure. When the war is over, you should wish to be remembered well.
85) 14) dialog: Yes you will. (beat) Or you'll find extinction. Hajus reluctantly lowers a knee, bowing, and Sab Than str past. His armor DE-MATERIALIZES, turning him into a vanis HEAT-MIRAGE at the door. Gone. In his wake, Hajus rises. Stares daggers at Tars Tarkas. 67.
96) 15) dialog: Now darkening the sky above, as it zeroes in and swoops t ground. The Warhoons part to clear a landing area-- 77. --as the ship DOCKS, amidst exhaust vapor hued crimson by landing lights. A HATCH opens and out march Zodangan SOLD flanking Sab Than in his magnificent armor.
96) 16) dialog: Dejah Thoris. At last. He reaches them...and studies Carter...
96) 17) dialog: And you. (beat) I waited years for you. And then I forgot. Carter stands his ground, as the Zodangan Prince now remo hawk-like helmet...to reveal THE RED-SKINNED FACE OF CAPT JAMES POWELL. Carter’s in total shock... ...as Powell grabs him in a forceful embrace. He claps Ca shoulders, beaming: