34) 4) dialog: Sola.
34) 7) dialog: Zodanga. Lok Helium. Dak kavall. She sees he doesn’t understand. So she leads him to a bal stepping out to overlook--
36) 0) text: Carter emerges, followed by Sola and Woola. He wears his clothes, but with Thark touches: a makeshift armored breastplate and Thark DAGGER (which on him, seems a sword attracts the stare of all THARKS passing by...
37) 6) dialog: Tog. Jonn-kata toq.
38) 0) text: Carter uses a STONE to draw an etching on the room's wall trying to depict the crevasse cave for Sola: CARTER . It was a cave...with ted crystals. Rocks -- like this -- but red. Vekk. Red. With a diamond in the center -- and when I touched it, it started, all the crystals connected... He draws connecting lines between the crystals he’s drawn (and Woola) watches patiently, trying to follow.
40) 0) text: An ENERGY GATE retracts with a HUM, allowing a very reluc Carter to edge in. The simmering thoat SNORTS. But Carter studies the myriad scars on the thoat’s back.. instead unhooks his holster belt. His blades hit the dust Sola and other Tharks trade alarmed looks...
41) 0) text: Carter again jousts PIKES with Sola. His hair has grown l and ragged. And this time he out-duels her...
43) 0) text: BOOM! Five Thark Guards burst in -- with Carter and Sola find several dead CALOTS on the ground. Crates of weapons been smashed open and raided.
43) 1) dialog: Warhoon!
47) 4) dialog: Hurry, Jonn-kata! From the skies! We are under attack!
53) 5) dialog: No, Jonn-kata. Not like you. {a proud smile) You are alive. As if on cue, EXPLOSIONS ring out from the huge battleshi hull, sending a FIREBALL of acrid smoke and flames into t framing Tars in a portrait of awesome destructive power. Consumed by the glee of brutal victory, the Tharks raise swords and fire rifles! And Carter can only watch... .-.-with both remorse and the fear of what's to come. cuT TO:
58) 0) text: FIERY TORCHES light the gutted, looted Helium battleship, HUNDREDS OF THARKS cut free its tethers. But rather than to the ground, it instead floats higher. Like a great bli the behemoth ascends into the sky-- --as the FIRE spreads within it. Against a star-scape bac it lights up like a FUNERAL PYRE, billowing black smoke a flame. Rising to join the galaxy beyond... EXT./INT. CARTER’S BALCONY - SAME ...as Carter watches from his balcony, lost in thought. H turns to see Sola and Woola approach, watching the sky wi In a far part of the palace is a LIGHTED ROOM in a HIGH T Carter analyzes ledges and other old balconies. Sola poin Malagors patrolling the sky...
58) 1) dialog: They watch the sky for Helium airships...
63) 0) text: Woola bursts in, chuffing and nuzzling Sola’s sleeping fa shoots awake -- and sees Carter’s empty bed.
66) 2) dialog: She is gone... Carter wheels to see Sola step into the light, waiting fo
66) 3) dialog: You didn’t say goodbye, Jonn-kata. 55.
67) 0) text: Carter and Sola rush out to see two THARK GUARDS lying de felled by radium gunfire. Carter’s still astonished:
67) 2) dialog: They were, a long time ago. And now they know of your plans. Tal Hajus hoped you would seek to escape. It gives him a reason to take your life.
67) 4) dialog: You stood up against him -- in the Council. You remind us it is possible. She wears a look of pride...and remains resolute...
67) 5) dialog: You won't survive the desert, Jonn- kata. Not alone.
71) 0) text: Carter and Sola press to a corner, peering to view a GRAN STAIRCASE filled with dozens of Palace THARKS-~-
71) 1) dialog: His chambers are above.
73) 0) text: As Carter prepares to charge -- a KLAXON sounds. The Pala THARKS race into action, grabbing weapons and hurrying to the entrances. They disperse from the stairs-- 59. --as Carter and Sola trade a look at their sudden fortune
73) 1) dialog: I wished you luck. INT. TAL HAJUS’ BEDCHAMBER Tal Hajus, Sarkoja and Dejah ail react to the outer ALARM keeps backing Dejah toward the bed...
76) 0) text: BOOM! Doors blow open as Carter, Dejah and Woola race in- --as Carter rushes to the BLACK-EYED THOAT he'd “tamed.” Suddenly, someone approaches! Carter grips his sword and to see... Sola, a SPEAR in hand, poised for launch... Car freezes. Sola THROWS the spear! It sails past him and HIT GUARD coming at them from behind!
76) 1) dialog: Quickly, we must go. 62.
76) 3) dialog: I can stay in Thark no longer.
77) 0) text: Two Thoats GALLOP into the streets, with Sola on one and and Dejah clinging to the reins of Black-Eyes. Woola skeddaddles wildly to catch up... «..as they race their thoats into a warren of alleys. But every direction they turn, PLATOONS OF THARKS are converg --leaving them backed to a MOSQUE-LIKE BUILDING. Perhaps house of worship. With no choice, they rush inside--
79) 0) text: The pursuing Tharks converge on the building as GREEN RAD FIRE lights up from within and there’s a RUMBLE as-- KABOOM! The ten zitidars EXPLODE through the doors, stamp to escape like a herd of panicked elephants! They crush T and thoats alike as they funnel into the alleys-- --and send the stream of oncoming Tharks into retreat, re course in a mad dash to get out of their way! In the chaos, Carter, Dejah, Sola and Woola ride out a si of the building. Escaping unseen...
81) 1) dialog: The fountain leads to the canals. Inside. Hurry. (off Dejah’s look) You must trust me. Sola spurs her mount and gallops it across the open squar LEAPING the edge of the fountain-- --and landing in its recessed base. Twenty feet below gro it REVEALS its basin extends below the fountain’s rim. In darkness -- underground. Carter and Dejah trade a look to see Sola disappear--
81) 6) dialog: Ride! Ride!
82) 0) text: The.two thoats descend sandstone steps.. Sola lights PHOS FLARES. Carter's wracked with pain; Dejah holds him.
82) 1) dialog: They've been dry for generations, but they lead beyond the city walls. 7 --and as they round the steps, the tunnel opens onto a ma CANAL CAVERN, an aqueduct that once transported water for millions. In crumbling disrepair, but still intact.
83) 0) text: The Canal spills into a DRY RIVERBED. Reaching the end of tunnel, Sola and Dejah crawl out of the Canal and climb t ridge... Lagging behind, Carter follows...
84) 0) text: Rising from the riverbed, a relieved Carter turns to Deja Sola who look like they just received a death sentence. Carter spins... Sitting atop a panting thoat is Tars Tark In each hand he holds a rifle. Two are pointed at Sola an Dejah. He aims the Third at Carter. Dispirited, overcome pain, Carter drops to his knees, hangs his head, and rais arms in surrender.
86) 2) dialog: There is no help in the desert. Let us ride without rest for the Saravak Pass. And pray. Sola looks behind them, we can see the faint lights of Th miles distant across the angry desert night.
88) 0) text: A fierce SANDSTORM rages as Sola urges her thoat against gale. Suddenly, a feverish Carter FALLS! Dejah drops to h side. He's wracked with sweat and shivering, eyes shut...
88) 2) dialog: Sola scrambles over, feeling his breaths rise and fall. S inspects his bandaged wound and then spots some scrub-pla thorn bushes in the sand, battered by the gale--
88) 3) dialog: Stay with him. Give him shelter. And keep him awake. Sola then forges ahead into the sandstorm -- all alone. 68.
90) 2) dialog: Princess?! The tent flap OPENS SUDDENLY as Sola peers in, with armfu cactus branches and an excited look:
90) 3) dialog: The storm has lifted. Dejah emerges...to see that MOUNTAIN FOOTHILLS now loom n They've crossed the desert! 70.
91) 0) text: A CAMPFIRE crackles as Sola roasts an avian carcass, whil thoats munch on bramble. Meanwhile, Dejah spreads CACTUS SLUGS on Carter's wound. eat the infection, excreting juice and pulling the skin t like a LIVING BANDAGE...as he winces badly...
91) 2) dialog: Don't touch. Let them work. Now eat. Regain your strength. She brings food to Carter and Dejah. Dejah studies her:
91) 4) dialog: I believe as you do -- that the wrong Thark leads us. Thark children were once raised by their parents, not the King. Now they are taught to kill before they even know their names.
91) 6) dialog: My parents’ generation was the last to mate for love. Under Hajus, it was outlawed. Those Tharks who resisted, like my mother, fled to these mountains to raise us in secret. Until their hideaways were found.
91) 8) dialog: She was executed. Like all the rest.
91) 10) dialog: He stayed in the city. He surely believes I am dead... , (MORE). 71. SOLA (cont'd) But a few of us survived out here... and returned to Thark when we were grown. We blended in. Found our place.
91) 12) dialog: He would not want to know what I had lived to witness. That he is the greatest soldier for the Thark who destroyed our lives.
91) 15) dialog: You should never have come, you see. Because he’s forgotten -~ we've all forgotten ~- what‘’s worth fighting for.
93) 0) text: Carter, Dejah and Sola trek the jagged mountains, navigat treacherous trails. Carter gains strength as they go. Approaching a steep climb, their thoats falter. They won' it up the incline. The group trades a look -- and Carter removes the animals’ harnesses and reins--
94) 0) text: The threesome climb. The route is precarious, but Carter to climb with confidence now, with Dejah behind him-- --till her footing gives way and she slips, sliding down scree right past Sola-- --just as Carter FREE-RAPPELS from above her, landing bel Dejah and catching her just in time before she slides ove perilous drop. And off their shared, grateful look...
95) 0) text: Sola scans the route ahead with a digital spyglass, seein contrails in the sky. She motions they should wait... ..-and as Dejah looks for Carter, she finds him sitting o rock ledge, staring at Earth. A moment alone.:.
96) 0) text: The trio marches on, with Carter now far ahead. Sola trad look with Dejah -- why does he walk alone today? Dejah sh her head, feigns a mystery... ++-and as Sola and Dejah ascend a ridgetop, they find Car stopped in his tracks. At the gruesome sight of--
96) 2) dialog: The Ohn Tokk Wood. Warhoon country. Carter exchanges a look with Dejah.
96) 4) dialog: And compared to a Thark, princess, you are a light snack. Suddenly, a HORN'S ECHO filters up from the rocky valley ascended from. Carter springs back to the ridge’s edge, scanning with the digital spyglass-- --until he spots a COLUMN OF THARK RIDERS, many miles dis snaking across a far ridge.
123) 8) dialog: Princess! :
123) 14) text: Sola's torn. Dejah’s stare is resolute. And as Powell pre the swordpoint, drawing blood...
123) 15) dialog: Jonn-kata. Jonn-kata has the key. 107. And off Powell's astonished look...
126) 0) text: Where Powell now approaches Sola with the sword...
126) 1) dialog: Jonn-kata was hurt in our escape. When the princess tended to his wound, she placed the stone from her royal crest inside it. (looks away) She does not know I saw her... Powell’s stunned. He marches to Dejah and rips her silks to reveal the gold mounting at her navel. Empty of its di stone.
128) 18) dialog: I‘ve betrayed you, General...
135) 0) text: The Bomber LANDS back at the dock, where Tars, Sola, Wool forty surviving Tharks are waiting...
140) 0) text: Powell's stolen airship SOARS toward Helium, with the ent Zodangan Fleet now in staggered pursuit... INT. POWELL’S BOMBER Tars sits at the helm, with Carter, Dejah and Sola ~~ as flier is BUFFETED by gunfire--
152) 0) text: The Tharks STORM the bridge, wiping out the Zodangan ADMI Tars leaps into the captain’s chair, working pedals and switches. The giant behemoth now pivots-- 118. --to face the rest of the Zodangan Carrier Fleet. Four mo CARRIERS are entering the valley. Tars nods to Sola:
154) 0) text: While, having dropped them off, Tars sets his course for more Zodangan Carriers, grouped close. Sola flips switche OVERRIDING the ship's controls. ALARMS blare. But father- daughter hold the course...
157) 2) dialog: For Thark. --as Tars and Sola race for the deck’s edge on long ropes LEAPING off and plummeting toward the ground war-- --as the Zodangan Carrier DETONATES in a domino-chain of EXPLOSIONS, BLASTING APART like a neutron bomb-- --sending its FLAMING SHRAPNEL into the three other Carri BLASTING them out of commission, capsizing them and drift them groundward like three Hindenburgs-- --to CRASH atop the battlefields on the Zodangan side, CR many thousands of their own soldiers.
158) 0) text: A CHEER goes up from the Helium ranks as Tars and Sola la among them. Tars spots Major Jakkal FIGHTING valiantly up ahead...but just as he’s about to reach him-- --the sheer number of men Jakkal is battling overwhelm hi Swords slash Jakkal‘s limbs, dropping him to his knees... another sword IMPALES his heart-- --as Tars RACES OVER, swinging swords wildly and slashing Zodangans apart. Their line falls momentarily back -- as drops to his knees, cradling his dying friend...
158) 2) dialog: 
158) 4) dialog: You must be more careful. With a proud look, side-by-side, they rejoin the fray...
161) 0) text: While Tars Tarkas FIGHTS like a Thark possessed, with Sol MOWING DOWN Zodangans at his side. But their numbers are dwindling, as they find themselves in a group of TEN THAR --now encircled by FIVE HUNDRED ZODANGANS. And many THOUS more still advancing through the valley. Tars and Sola kn end is here too...
161) 1) dialog: It's been an honor to fight for you... Father.
165) 0) text: Tardos Mors sits dead at his desk. A KNIFE pierces his heart...and the diamond is gone from his pendant’s crest. Dejah and Carter charge in -- to see Tars Tarkas, Sola an King's senior STAFF already there. Dejah GASPS -- and run her father’s side, collapsing there, weeping.
165) 4) dialog: What’s happened to the sky?!
177) 0) text: Where EARTH hangs prominently in the same position, blue brilliant and mysterious... ...being watched by silhouettes standing all together. Ta Tarkas. Sola. Woola. And Dejah Thoris...