33) 0) text: A grotesque Thark in a chain-mail cloak, TAL HAJUS, stand dais with three THARK ELDERS and his assassin mistress, S a lovely serpent of a Thark. Hajus spits venom, scrawling lines of troop movement on a (with three of his hands at once). Doors THUNDER open-- --as Tars Tarkas enters, with his senior officers (Vaxx a Jakkal). The room was once a great library or museum left whatever ancient race built the city. Overturned shelves, tables and books litter the floor. Tal Hajus ROARS, angered by the interruption. Tars hurls the APE HEADS at Hajus’ feet. Hajus quiets. Ta calmly drops to a knee. The other Tharks do the same. Hajus frowns at the sight of the pale human, still standi
33) 7) dialog: Thark. BOOM! Palace GUARDS grab Carter, marching him brusquely f the room. And, he believes, to his execution...
49) 0) text: KLAXONS and MALAGORS scream on as Tal Hajus marches an ou corridor with COUNCILORS, as Tars finds him--
49) 2) dialog: It is a trap. Fire at will.
49) 4) dialog: General Tarkas. Every second you doubt is a second Tharks die. Turn back the assault. (with venom) Kill everything on that ship.
57) 1) dialog: Princess of Helium. How unexpected. To what do we owe the hostilities? Despite the environs, she’s far from intimidated:
57) 3) dialog: What prisoners? 40.
57) 5) dialog: And you more beautiful. Enough compliments.
57) 7) dialog: Lack of wisdom in red men surprises no Thark. The Thark audience laughs. Dejah sees Tars Tarkas doesn't
57) 11) dialog: Your war with Zodanga is not Thark concern.
57) 19) dialog: 
57) 22) dialog: He speaks...? Our language? 42. The entire room of Tharks now STANDS, drawing WEAPONS. Bu Carter stands his ground as Dejah raises herself on one e watching with wide, staring eyes.
57) 23) dialog: Take the Earth Man away! He has no right in this War Council!
57) 25) dialog: The Earth Man?!
57) 31) dialog: The weapon is chosen. Vaxx nods smugly. And draws his own daggers -- four of th
57) 34) dialog: I wonder, princess. How many fools have gone to their deaths...over you? And Vaxx CHARGES! Lunging with all FOUR DAGGERS, whipping wildly. Carter PARRIES two blows, but a third CLANKS off armor and a fourth SLASHES his side! Carter buckles to a as Vaxx brings his two free arms SLASHING DOWN-- --and Carter dive-rolls forward -- through Vaxx's legs -- nick of time. He looks up to see Vaxx charge again-- --but this time Carter drops into a fighting stance, both ready. He backs up, PARRYING a succession of four blows - when Vaxx swings them in pairs-- --Carter ducks the two high strikes and PARRIES the two l Vaxx brings the high arms slashing down and Carter parrie those. When the low arms strike from the side-- --Carter forcibly splits the held high blades, leaping up FORWARD FLIP and landing a SLASH to Vaxx'’s shoulder. Blo spurts and the Thark buckles! The Thark audience REACTS as Carter lands in a ready crou Vaxx spins, PIROUETTING TWO BLADES at him-- --and just as they’re about to ROTOR into Carter's face, flashes his daggers up, KNOCKING them harmlessly aside. V extra daggers skitter into the crowd.
57) 40) dialog: (a defiant sneer) Then live you shall, Princess. While we determine just what you are worth. And to whom. With a POUND of his staff, the Council is dismissed. Haju to Sarkoja, who hauls Dejah away. The Thark officers POUN their own sword-hilts on the ground -- a war-like drumbea Dejah and Carter lock eyes... ++-as she’s pulled out of sight. The Thark officers keep DRUMBEAT. It’s like they're saluting...him.
70) 3) dialog: That's a sweet little girl. To think she once despised me... 57.
70) 6) dialog: Moved? You escaped with the Earth Man. Why you may never be found. Dejah tenses, with Sarkoja now circling behind her...
70) 7) dialog: What are you hiding, Princess?
70) 11) dialog: You reds with your scientific prowess, your knowledge, your secrets. What have you ever shared with my people? The princess backs away...
70) 12) dialog: You think of us as savages. But let me ask you: when the last lakes dry up, when the winter rains cease...what will any of us be but savages? (beat) And the ones who survive...will be the ones who are best at it. Dejah watches Sarkoja pour a decanter of WINE. It‘s fille long and slithering MAGGOT-WORMS... 58.
70) 13) dialog: You will tell me what you are hiding, Princess. Or you will beg for the mercy of a death that may never come.
70) 15) dialog: Yes they will. And you are the price.
73) 2) dialog: Seems your Earth Man‘s been found. Why don‘t you try your charms on me? Suddenly, Dejah CHARGES him -- darting for the door -- bu of his claws HURL her back to the bed, cutting her-- --and at the sight of Dejah’s bleeding wound, the worms i wine grow more and more frenzied...
73) 3) dialog: Have you never known Issla worms, princess? They enter your bloodstream through an open wound -- and then breed. The pain is said to be unbearable. Their secretions slow your blood loss, so that torture that would kill you in minutes lasts for days. Dejah tries to cover her forearm, dripping red...
73) 4) dialog: And time means so very little...in the desert... And with a smile, he suddenly SNATCHES her by the throat-
73) 5) dialog: 
85) 0) text: KER-CHUK! Doors crash open as Tal Hajus STORMS in, oblivi his wounds. Thark SERVANTS scamper in tow-- _
85) 1) dialog: 
85) 4) dialog: I was on the verge -- of sending word-- 66.
85) 7) dialog: Lord Prince--? *y
85) 9) dialog: He claims to come from Earth. We captured him many months ago -- in the Paktar Sea Beds.
85) 11) dialog: (a glare to Tars) We thought he had worth as a warrior. He is without your technology or skill, but he has power. The Prince of Zodanga marches forth. Hajus tenses...
85) 13) dialog: We will find her, Lord Prince--
115) 0) text: The War Council is in session, with Tal Hajus slumped in central pulpit. An elder Councilor is speaking--
115) 2) dialog: Tharks will survive! We have always survived! Let the red men slaughter each other and we will remain-- Suddenly, the doors THUNDER open as a Thark GUARD races i
115) 4) dialog: A war council is in session--!
115) 7) dialog: Then let us have his execution.
115) 9) dialog: (to Tars) Cut him apart. First his tongue. Tars hesitates. Tal Hajus eyes’ narrow with suspicion.
115) 10) dialog: General Tarkas--
115) 12) dialog: Speak. Then you die. Carter slowly stands, and faces.the Thark audience:
115) 14) dialog: For Thark!
115) 16) dialog: What “one Thark”? All of Thark! Only a child would mourn the death of just one Thark! (to Tars, rages) Enough, Tarkas! Kill him! Now! But Tars doesn’t move. His eyes are on Carter's.
115) 17) dialog: 
115) 21) dialog: Here is your death. - And Hajus charges. Their weapons CRASH together, with thundering two-armed s It’s a meeting of veteran warricrs -- despite Hajus’ corp he's a worthy opponent. They strike and spin, powering st against steel-- --as their multi-limbs bash the BLADES back and forth. Ha charges like a wild bull, keeping Tars off-balance. He fi like a Thark possessed, unbowed by any HITS that Tars lan He’s starting to wear Tars down-~- 102. --and KNOCKS three of his swords from his hands with a RO sweep of his axes. Tars now holds a lone sword-- --and now glances to Carter, remembering their “fencing” Tars takes a balanced stance-- --and as Hajus gleefully CHARGES for the kill, Tars moves on a single axis, PARRYING all four strikes with only one own. Hajus’ last lunge leaves him off-balance-- --and Tars now ATTACKS, lunging forward, moving Hajus bac his heels, seizing an opening, SWEEPING his sword-- --and he CUTS OFF the King's head. The rest of Tal Hajus to the floor. A shocked silence in the room. Then Tars turns to face the assembled THARK OFFICERS...an does, they all kneel. For him now. Tars regards the elders of the War Council. They Bow thei heads in deference too.