27) 9) dialog: (intrigued) Friend. Carter nods, warily relaxes. Tars lowers his rifle. And t points to his own armor:
27) 10) dialog: Thark. Curious, Tars dismounts and notes the smashed incubator w the destroyed eggs, the two dead calots, and the wounded He picks up the blade fashioned from the rib, points at t white ape, and asks Carter...
27) 11) dialog: Baresh?! Baresh ku tain? Getting the gist of the question, Carter nods in the affirmative, but moves to the wounded Woola and adds...
27) 15) dialog: 
29) 0) text: A DOZEN THARK EGGS hang from baskets and braces, carried Thoats...as Tars Tarkas and his Thark platoon trek across seemingly endless hostile landscape. Amidst the caravan expedition, Carter sits bound atop a t a prisoner. His tired, ragged face looks toward the horizon...and his eyes widen, at what seems like a mirage For from the infinite desert rises a massive METROPOLIS..
31) 0) text: The caravan rides into a dense warren of reclaimed buildi sandstone streets, bustling with THARKS. Thousands of the Citizens BOW at the sight of Tars and his warriors, who a elite of Thark’s military. And they CHEER at the sight of eggs. Tars Tarkas subtly raises a hand to acknowledge the crowd acclaim. A murmur then ripples, as Tharks spot Carter -- regarding him with curiosity and scorn. He can only look with a mind that’s been completely blown...
32) 0) text: In the city center, a bombed-out cathedral-like building over the rest. Once an architectural wonder, now a deteriorating monument to war. At the caravan’s fore, Tars Tarkas exchange salutes -- th crossing of mid-limbs -- with four PALACE GUARDS. 23.
33) 0) text: A grotesque Thark in a chain-mail cloak, TAL HAJUS, stand dais with three THARK ELDERS and his assassin mistress, S a lovely serpent of a Thark. Hajus spits venom, scrawling lines of troop movement on a (with three of his hands at once). Doors THUNDER open-- --as Tars Tarkas enters, with his senior officers (Vaxx a Jakkal). The room was once a great library or museum left whatever ancient race built the city. Overturned shelves, tables and books litter the floor. Tal Hajus ROARS, angered by the interruption. Tars hurls the APE HEADS at Hajus’ feet. Hajus quiets. Ta calmly drops to a knee. The other Tharks do the same. Hajus frowns at the sight of the pale human, still standi
33) 1) dialog: (to Carter, a command) Sakk.
33) 3) dialog: Sakk. Tars points to the ceiling. Carter still hesitates. So Ta motions to his officers, who draw SWORDS and attack him-- --giving him no choice but to LEAP right over them, to a perch above the doorway! Tars BARKS another command. His officers HURL their pikes. Carter evades, GAMBOLING from wall to another, flying over their heads. Tars BARKS anot command. The officers stop. Tars smiles, looks to Hajus. can’t help but be impressed.
33) 4) dialog: Sakk. He motions for Carter to come down. Carter does, warily.
33) 6) dialog: Mak jeddak. Lo Jonn-kata. Thark? 24. Hajus eyes Carter carefully, then sneers a dismissive han
37) 0) text: Tars Tarkas stands watching with his senior OFFICERS, as Thark Babies are taught to fight by their Mentors...
46) 0) text: Carter's escorted through a crowd -- another ceremonial gathering -- toward the dais. As the way clears... +.-he sees Tars Tarkas waiting for him. With an officer's of THARK ARMOR. And off Carter's shocked look...
47) 2) dialog: 
49) 1) dialog: My King! It is a Helium ship! It signals for help!
49) 3) dialog: We have not been attacked!
52) 1) dialog: 
57) 24) dialog: But he does, my King. He is the Thark who captured her. He has the right to name her fate.
57) 26) dialog: It is the law. Another MURMUR as all wait to see Hajus’ reaction...
57) 30) dialog: You have been challenged, Jonn-kata. Vaxx takes a sudden step toward him -- so Carter spins, p both his DAGGER-SWORDS defensively--
57) 33) dialog: For honor, Jonn-kata. From this moment on, only one of you may live. 43. Carter meets Dejah's eyes. He’s in this for her...
57) 41) dialog: (to Carter) Come with me. INT. VAXX'S QUARTER’S - PALACE - NIGHT Tars leads Carter, Sola and Woola into a well-furnished r
57) 42) dialog: Your mastery of our weapons was expected. Your mastery of our language was not. (a beat) You are an interesting man, Jonn-kata.
57) 44) dialog: This is now yours.
57) 46) dialog: (laughs) You still have much to learn about Tharks. Tars and Carter sit at a table as Vaxx's squires bring pl strange fruit and vegetables.
57) 47) dialog: Eat. Woola comes sniffing for table scraps. Carter tosses him Martian rodent, pats his flanks:
57) 49) dialog: “Woola.” Why?
57) 51) dialog: You command the calot as you do the thoats -~ without force. It is an interesting tactic. Tars studies Carter, eyeing the sword in his hilt.
57) 52) dialog: And you use your sword in a most intriguing way... Tars stands and imitates Carter's fighting moves, but the actions are clumsy. Carter rises and pulls his sword...
57) 55) dialog: I use this when I’m surrounded... With a magnificent display of skill, Tars uses each limb equal dexterity against an assault by invisible opponents Stopping, he offers the weapons to Carter...
57) 56) dialog: You try. Carter hold up his hands - “Only two arms."
57) 57) dialog: Sorry. Carter breaks a smile. Tars laughs, returns the weapons t rack and gestures with his two free arms...
57) 58) dialog: Grow two more and I will make you Captain of the Guard. Carter and Tars laugh.
57) 59) dialog: Where did you learn to fight?
57) 61) dialog: +.. Where they train in the way of the warrior... It was taught to me from the moment I hatched. (with some regret) It is all we learn. Dismissing any temptation to be introspective, Tars leans toward more “upbeat” subjects...
57) 62) dialog: Perhaps... Perhaps it is well that you found your way to Barsoom. 47. Carter smiles, but he's not sure.
57) 64) dialog: (uncomfortable) Tal Hajus will not honor her request for an alliance. Instead he will sell her to the prince of Zodanga.
57) 66) dialog: Yes. Because Tharks should respect-: honor. Yet honor means nothing to Tal Hajus.
57) 68) dialog: He will... Our King, he... He will “keep” her before turning her over to Zondanga. .
57) 70) dialog: He has a “taste” for red women. His decadence knows no bounds... Carter is stunned, saddened, appalled, and quietly furiou Desperate to change the subject, Tars rises...
57) 71) dialog: Let me show you my rifles!
57) 73) dialog: As you wish.
72) 2) dialog: (gravely) The warlord is here.
75) 0) text: --as Tars Tarkas rides on scene, surveying the chaos--
75) 1) dialog: Hold positions! Close the gates! --as Palace Guards reverse course, hurrying back through open palace entry. And now Tars alone sees-- ~-a HEAT-MIRAGE of Sab Than’s figure storming invisibly a them, about to gain access to the grounds! With a BELLOW-
75) 2) dialog: 
80) 2) dialog: What Thark? 63. INT. TOWER CORRIDOR/DEJAH‘S QUARTERS - SAME BOOM! Sab Than storms the hall to Dejah’s old quarters -- passing the fallen guards Sola and Carter killed. In her he sees the remnants of Dejah's stay... ...and then hears shouts from outside. He storms to the n window. From the tower vantage, he spots the escaping tho and-riders nearing a fountain square...
84) 1) dialog: Jonn-kata. -~ 65. A beaten Carter looks up... Tars throws him the rifle and gestures at the TWO THOATS.
84) 3) dialog: Travel north to the Warhoon border. In two days, double back to the Ishkee Valley - it is a safe route to Helium. I will tell them your tracks lead south. Overwhelmed, Carter tries to thank him..
84) 5) dialog: Say nothing. If ever I see you again... You will die by my hand. A stoic Tars kicks his thoat and returns to the city. INT. TAL HAJUS’ BEDCHAMBER - NIGHT ANGLE TRACKS past fallen guards and Sarkoja’s worm-ravage corpse...to find Tal Hajus. As his eyes crack open...
85) 2) dialog: --and stops short. Standing on the map dais, hands claspe back turned...is Sab Than. Scared THARK ELDERS wait...
87) 0) text: A MALAGOR with a THARK RIDER swoops over the desert, scou for signs of them as it flies over a ragged ribbon of tre an exposed aqueduct, ceiling collapsed and long gone ary. It soars on, over a contingent of Thark SOLDIERS on THOAT by Tars Tarkas. A pack of TRACKING CALOTS lead them on... pounding, following Carter’s trail...
92) 2) dialog: It's only ours until they want it. Keep searching. No rest.
98) 1) dialog: Some of my best soldiers. 82. Carter spins. From the cage next to him, Tars Tarkas step the darkness. All four of his arms in chains.
98) 2) dialog: And all for you. Their cages separate them. Still, Carter steps back...
98) 3) dialog: I swore I would kill you, Jonn-kata. It is a promise I will keep.
98) 5) dialog: The Warhoons take no prisoners. The WAR DRUMS build in volume. Faint screams from somewhe TARS TARKAS =: «. What did you want that the Tharks failed to offer you?
98) 8) dialog: A Thark fears nothing!
98) 10) dialog: As he never trusted you. (beat) Unlike me. Suddenly, the ROAR OF A THOUSAND WARHOON echoes through t caves. The WAR DRUMS pick up the pace. Tars tenses: 83.
98) 11) dialog: They're coming...
99) 1) dialog: It’s called the gauntlet. Their idea of sport. Carter and Tars are positioned inside a NEW CAGE, like a racehorse’s starting gate. They're flanked by two other “ -- one a pair of HELIUM MEN, one a pair of THARKS.
99) 2) dialog: If you make it to the other side...you live until the next one. Carter surveys the field: it's divided into three “sectio each marked with a natural ROCK PEDESTAL at the far edge. base has a large BONE-GRATE built into the ground before Atop the first pedestal are two SHIELDS, the second two A and the third -- a single BROADSWORD.
99) 4) dialog: You will want to. Suddenly, all the Warhoon drums suddenly STOP. And in the silence, the Warhoon Leader raises a cudgel and BELLOWS!
99) 7) dialog: Such a waste of my training. The snarling wild calots are halfway to them... ..-as the pair of Helium Men hit the calot line -- as the Man is SNATCHED up and driven backward. His teammate dive as the calot leaps over him, DEVOURING the first -- and s him free of the linked chain. Other calots COLLIDE with the Tharks, who are wrestled do manage to hurl the calots off and run onward-- --while the lone Helium Man scrambles up the first rock pedestal, about to grasp the SHIELD -- only to have his t chain SNARED by a Thark. The Tharks pull him back, hurlin aside-- ~-as Carter and Tars see the ten CALOTS all charging them
99) 8) dialog: To the death, show no fear-- --as, unseen by him, Carter charges at Tars, and just as half-turns his way, Carter collides and GRABS HIM FAST--
99) 10) dialog: Ah. Some training after all. --while the Tharks pluck the SHIELDS from the pedestal, triggering the next BONE-GRATE ahead to collapse in--
99) 12) dialog: Banths. Very bad... 85. As Carter and Tars watch the calots behind them DEVOUR th Helium Man, the Tharks CHARGE the banths, shields ready-- --until the Thark in the rear raises the razored-edge of shield and SLICES it across his partner's neck! His partn falls. The Thark SLICES again, severing his ally'’s foot- --and with both shields, the betrayer Thark CHARGES the b pile-driving them with the SHIELDS and blasting a path th their snapping jaws. He’s past them! And as one Banth lumbers to DEVOUR the helpless other Tha second CHARGES Carter & Tars! Carter nearly loses his balance...on the edge of one of the boiling TAR PITS--
99) 13) dialog: Stand your ground. When Carter tries to run, Tars holds him firm. Alarmed, h the Banth lunge at them, jaws wide-- --as Tars suddenly HURLS Carter to the right and dives to left, pulling their chain taut in mid-air-- --as the Banth CRASHES JAWS down upon...the chain! Splitt it! Carter and Tars are freed! The Banth whirls on Carter DIVES and ROLLS, evading snapping jaws. But the Banth’s T whips around, knocking Carter onto his back! The Banth lunges jaws again...and Carter GRABS two of its fangs! Blocking the Banth, struggling in place-- --and then with all his strength, PUSHING IT BACKWARDS. L blocking sled, he edges the Banth toward the tar pit righ behind it. The Banth shrieks, whipping its tail-- --but it can’t reach Carter, as Carter drives him into th boiling oil sludge tail-first. With one last leaping heav Carter upends the Banth -- BAM! -- onto its back-- --and leaps off as the screaming animal gets CONSUMED by smoking sludge. Carter looks to Tars...who nods approval. Up ahead, the lone Thark reaches the second pedestal and SPEARS -- which trigger the final BONE-GRATE to retract--
99) 17) dialog: Yes. But that was a girl. At the sight of the Simiac, the remaining Banth and Calot away, cowering. The Warhoon crowd GOES WILD...
99) 21) dialog: Jonn-kata! He hurls it...and Carter leaps, landing beside a tar pit dipping the blade in tar just as the Simiac’s upon him-- --and Carter meets its flaming fist with the sword -- whi catches the SWORD AFLAME! With both hands, Carter slashes parries, fending off the beast‘s blows-- --and then leaps straight up, to eye-level, and SLASHES O Simiac’s eyes with a last FIERY SWING. Blinded, it HOWLS, stumbling back...right into the BONFIR Its whole body LIGHTS UP, consumed by fire-~ --as its arms flail -- BAM! BAM! -- colliding with one of tall bone spires...and cracking it...
101) 3) dialog: First things first. --as they soar ever-higher, to give us a new vantage of t Gauntlet Pit...where all those bone-spires form the RIBCA GARGANTUAN SKELETON. A prehistoric MARTIAN WHALE. BACK AT THE PIT’S EDGE While Warhoons roar with rage, they charge across the tab land -- and then several suddenly COLLIDE and fall back-~ --as if they've hit something invisible...which they have RIPPLING HEAT-MIRAGE turns into a ZODANGAN ASSAULT FLIER engines FIRE. Two PILOTS have been lying in wait--
102) 2) dialog: There's something...out there... And as they stare at the OMINOUS CANOPY ahead, they watch image ripple slightly, as if there’s a MIRAGE in front... closer...the mirage of a small airship...
102) 3) dialog: 
102) 6) dialog: It is a Zodangan Assault Flier! We will never outrun it! We have to get to the clouds!
103) 2) dialog: They will never follow! This is no storm, Jonn-kata -- it is where all our weather starts!
103) 5) dialog: Take the reins! Pull these to dive -- on my signal!
103) 7) dialog: On my signal... He edges out to the Malagor’s wing, and spots a GLIMPSE o Assault Flier through the clouds below--
103) 8) dialog: 
111) 3) dialog: Jonn-kata, are you out there?! CAN YOU
112) 0) text: Amidst the stormclouds, the Zodangan Assault Flier HOVERS Tars Tarkas at the helm. He struggles to control the ship his SEARCHLIGHT sweeps the dunes-- --and now illuminates Carter rushing into view, waving ar signal. With amazement, Tars broadly smiles...
113) 1) dialog: What happened to you back there?
113) 3) dialog: Why did you come back?
113) 5) dialog: A...friend... Tars frowns as if it’s a word he’s only heard about.
113) 6) dialog: I have ten thoats, Jonn-kata; you may take your choice from among them, and I will accompany you to the nearest waterway that leads to Helium. (off Carters look) Tars Tarkas may be a cruel warrior, but he can be a friend as well. 98.
113) 8) dialog: Death, possibly, or worse. (beat) Is this not a choice “friends” make?
113) 10) dialog: A soldier follows orders.
113) 13) dialog: No...you know nothing...
113) 15) dialog: 
113) 19) dialog: Sola? Tars wears a distant, dark stare. 99.
113) 21) dialog: I have orders, Jonn-kata. To return to Thark.
114) 0) text: The Assault Flier SOARS across the desert. Atop a city wa CANNON GUNNERS draw a bead...until they hear a distinctiv HORN. And now see Tars Tarkas at the helm...
115) 6) dialog: He is found. Hajus scowls to see Tars alive...but hides his displeasur
115) 11) dialog: He is still a Thark. Last words are his right. Hajus glowers, feeling the stare of the War Councilors.
115) 19) dialog: I demand Justice. An astonished gasp from the room...
115) 20) dialog: I challenge you. Hajus stares, stunned...as Tars pulls his own four swords whole War Council is watching...
116) 0) text: Tars Tarkas clambers atop the ruined gates, where HUNDRED THARKS have assembled, with more coming, as news of their King spreads. There’s excitement in the air... -.-and from around a corner, a calot comes running at ful speed, just as Carter turns in amazement--
116) 3) dialog: Soldiers of Thark! Our planet has long been dying, yet forever have the Tharks survived! And forever more we will. But only if Zodanga falls. For they fight for a fantasy...that will destroy us all. (beat) The peaceful people of Helium shall never defeat Zodanga alone, nor will we, but together...there is hope. He trails off, surveying the stone Thark faces. No signs like minds. But still, he tries:
116) 4) dialog: Tharks have never made alliances, and this is not our war. I will not command you to go. However, any Thark who volunteers... He looks to Carter below, in the gateway:
119) 1) dialog: Our city alone willbe no match. There are six other tribes of Tharks amidst the desert. You must enlist as many as you can.
119) 3) dialog: It is not a flag they will fight for. He spins back to the contigent of riders, bellowing:
119) 4) dialog: Tell them Tars Tarkas will be the first into battle! With or without them! For he would rather fight and die, then to wish that fate upon his children! Tell them the great city of Thark fights for no flag, but for our mothers and fathers, our daughters and sons!
121) 1) dialog: March them for Helium by the Kabar Pass. Save your best fifty for me. We take the Old Canal Road. 105.
121) 3) dialog: Jonn-kata has a friend to find. (beat) And I have a daughter to save.
125) 1) dialog: Do not breathe until we are past the red men’s poisons... --and Carter presses a scarf over his face too as they en PLUMES of GRAY and BROWN...
128) 16) dialog: Save the princess, Jonn-~kata! --and so he races for the exit corridor-- --while Tars SLASHES on, with Tharks swiftly taking contr the room. RADIUM SHOTS fire and a few Tharks fall, but mo DOWN the Zodangans like wheat. Woola runs wild... ..-and as Tars MOWS through Zodangans, he reaches the bac the room, where fallen Sola lies unconscious, still chain Tars stops still at the sight of her. He’s overcome with emotion -- and collapses to her side--
128) 17) dialog: Sola...Sola, hear me... He brushes her face, as her eyes flutter open. She starts brighten, then troubled, looks away--
128) 19) dialog: And I you, my child. And off her astonishment...
128) 20) dialog: Princess of Thark.
135) 4) dialog: And we shall eternally remember it.
140) 1) dialog: I must tell you. These Zodangans... they build lovely machines to fly.
146) 2) dialog: You red men. You send machines to fight machines.
147) 2) dialog: You may now ride the skies without fear. . --when suddenly BOOM! Reverberations SHAKE the ship as th a Helium Battleship LISTING up ahead, overwhelmed by the Zodangan Carrier's relentless FIRE. EXPLOSIONS wrack the Battleship and it falls away like a capsizing ocean liner, with Helium soldiers PLUMMETING fr decks as it falls... ...and SMASHES ‘to ground’ atop the battlefield ranks, cr HELIUM TROOPS and THARKS alike left unable to get out of way. The Zodangan Carrier continues on-- ~-engaging a Second Helium Battleship, just leaving the c The carrier's CANNONS disable this one too -- causing it and CRASH into a “floating” section of Helium. Aboard the Bomber, Carter, Dejah, Tars and Sola look grim
147) 3) dialog: I want that ship.
148) 1) dialog: 
152) 1) dialog: One down.
154) 1) dialog: Let us see you fight one of your own.
157) 1) dialog: For Helium.
161) 0) text: While Tars Tarkas FIGHTS like a Thark possessed, with Sol MOWING DOWN Zodangans at his side. But their numbers are dwindling, as they find themselves in a group of TEN THAR --now encircled by FIVE HUNDRED ZODANGANS. And many THOUS more still advancing through the valley. Tars and Sola kn end is here too...
161) 2) dialog: The honor was mine. He reaches out for her hand...as she takes it and they br their SHIELDS together, huddled as one as the Zodangans B THROUGH, FIRING a FUSILLADE of radium fire... 122.
165) 0) text: Tardos Mors sits dead at his desk. A KNIFE pierces his heart...and the diamond is gone from his pendant’s crest. Dejah and Carter charge in -- to see Tars Tarkas, Sola an King's senior STAFF already there. Dejah GASPS -- and run her father’s side, collapsing there, weeping.
165) 2) dialog: The stone of his crest has been taken.
169) 19) dialog: He’s mine. --and FIRES! Carter sees the GREEN RADIUM BOLT shooting r at him! And then suddenly it DETONATES a foot from his fa CRACKLING GREEN ENERGY to illuminate Powell. Shot in the His compromised armor now fails-- 128. ~--and he RE-MATERIALIZES! Carter scrambles for his sword Powell staggers back to full strength -- and their blades COLLIDE! They strike and counter, slamming swords togethe --as the MAELSTROM of wind and light swirling around them builds. The FIRE-GEMS glow hotter-- -~obscuring the view of Dejah and Tars from the balcony-- --as Powell's savage blows drive Carter back, slipping on holo-walk's edge as he loses his balance-- --teetering over the abyss of machinery! His sword falls! as Powell swings his blade again, Carter JUMPS, leaping o to the far side of the “pathway”-- --where he snares two of Tars’' SWORDS -- as they’re thro him -- out of mid-air! Powell pauses in surprise. Carter has two swords, once in each hand--