21) 0) text: Cabs, Daily News and Times delivery trucks, bakery vans a a few cruising cabs, one or two passenger cars and a coas green and black police cruiser -- this is the 4:30 a.m. traffic through which DOYLE moves. A rear-window view of SAL and ANGIE BOCA, in animated conversation.  His head is turned toward her, his hand raised in a gesture.  ANGIE is sitting in a corner with h back to the door, in profile to the back window.
22) 0) text: BOCA and ANGIE exit restaurant, get into their car and dr off.  Hold for DOYLE's car as it passes through after the
26) 0) text: Overhead view of cars circling block, first Mercury turni corner, then DOYLE's Ford. Long shot of the Mercury pulling up beside line of parked cars (as seen from DOYLE-RUSSO car) stopping and parking. Hold on Mercury as SAL and ANGIE get out of it.  SAL lock it up, and starting to walk toward a line of parked cars. Close shot from rear seat of DOYLE and RUSSO glancing at each other. SAL and ANGIE stop in the street beside beat-up white Dod Without a word they get in.  Hold as they get in, SAL sta and they begin to drive out of the spot. Close on DOYLE.
27) 0) text: Close shot of DOYLE and RUSSO in profile driving past the candy store as SAL and ANGIE open door and go in. Close shot of DOYLE and RUSSO parked.  DOYLE is looking i the rear-view mirror while BUDDY is turned around on the seat, looking out the rear window. A long shot, from the DOYLE-RUSSO viewpoint of the candy store.  The door is open, the street is deserted.  Lights are going on in the little shop.
46) 0) text: SAL counts the receipts.  Two or three CUSTOMERS in the B SAL removes a tray of Ziti from the oven.  ANGIE makes an order to go. SAL removes garbage from the back area.
48) 0) text: ANGIE carries bowl of hard-boiled eggs from rear of store the front.
50) 0) text: Angie shooting from back of store towards front.  The Two Wise Guys enter, go to Back Room.  SAL follows.  They clo door.  DOYLE is at the magazine counter in front.  He sit down with magazine.  Orders coffee.
53) 0) text: SAL and ANGIE leaving.
68) 1) dialog: (sleepy)
68) 4) dialog: Takin' care o' business -- it's after midnight.
68) 7) dialog: -- Well finish all your meetin' people and get back here now -- and bring a pizza with you.
68) 9) dialog: Well try, okay?
68) 11) dialog: Sal --
68) 13) dialog: Don't forget anchovies. (she hangs up)
146) 0) text: SAL and ANGIE emerge and get into the Mercury.
147) 0) text: Long shot of the Mercury stopped.  SAL gets out and walks quickly to the garage entrance and down the ramp as ANGIE drives off in the Mercury.  Pan to
149) 0) text: Impressionistic shot of Lincoln and DOYLE's car winding through Brooklyn streets. Long shot of the Lincoln, SAL BOCA parking it, getting ou and locking the doors, looking around and walking away. The Mercury comes around a corner, ANGIE at the wheel.  T car stops and SAL gets in. As the Mercury takes off, Detective PHIL KLEIN follows in his car. Close shot of DOYLE and RUSSO in their car parked several car lengths and across the street from the Lincoln.