101) 0) text: Close shot of CHEMIST with a small lab layout spread in front of him -- burner, test tubes, etc.  The MAN's weari an ordinary business suit and both the table and the background indicate that this is not a lab, but somebody' library or den -- and a fashionable one, with photos, a signed picture of Lyndon Johnson, etc., on the panelled w The CHEMIST is running a Thiele test on a small mound of powder.  Heroin from CHARNIER's shipment. Medium close shot of JOEL WEINSTOCK and SAL BOCA sitting opposite the CHEMIST.
101) 2) dialog: Absolutely dynamite!  89.5 proof! Best I've ever seen!  If the rest is like this, you'll be dealing for two years on this load. Close on WEINSTOCK, relaxed, smoking a large cigar.
101) 4) dialog: How many kilos?
101) 7) dialog: Six kilos at eight big ones a kilo... (he nods)
162) 0) text: Medium close shot of the Lincoln.  The Rocker panels are open and the junk is being unloaded.  CHARNIER is standin by two suitcases of cash.  He takes a bundle out of the suitcase, riffs the deck of bills with his fingers to mak sure it's money all the way through; puts it in a separat stack that will go into the rocker panels of a nearby jun car.  WEINSTOCK is standing next to the CHEMIST, with his testing equipment.  The MECHANICS are under the Lincoln a passing out the kilos of heroin, BOCA is helping them.  T kilos are concealed in the floor boards of the old garage Close shot of CHARNIER's hands, working on the money. Close shot of the CHEMIST taking a sniff, then a taste. Close shot of SAL BOCA and MECHANICS continuing to unload packet after packet after packet of heroin. Close shot of CHARNIER as the stacks of money are loaded into the car. Close shot of BOCA taking a bottle of Seagram's Seven Cro out of a brown paper bag. CHARNIER extends his hand.  WEINSTOCK takes it; they shak CHARNIER close, looking back at the car as the rocker pan are restored to the Lincoln.  The junk car with the money secreted is removed. Medium shot of SAL BOCA and CHARNIER getting in the Linco In the b.g. a tow truck hauls the battered junk car out t await shipment.
163) 2) text: CLOSE-UP DOYLE.  He gives CHARNIER a little wave. Long view of the Lincoln stopping in the middle of the bridge.  Zoom in on it as SAL hurriedly turns it around, smashing into the side of the bridge as he does. Medium shot of the Lincoln racing back across the island. The Mercury roars past WEINSTOCK's car, heading toward th bridge. WEINSTOCK's car coming to a stop. Close shot of the CHEMIST and WEINSTOCK in the car, turni back to the island.