45) 0) text: Pan Left to Right bringing Charnier and Nicoli towards Devereaux to finish in 3-shot.
45) 2) dialog: EnchantГ©. (they shake hands)
59) 0) text: Close shot of DEVEREAUX, New York harbor in the backgroun being interviewed by television reporters on his arrival the U.S. abroad a passenger ship.  He is smiling, jovial, charming.
59) 2) dialog: Not long enough.  Two... perhaps three... weeks at most. Medium close shot of DEVEREAUX and THREE TV REPORTERS, as they talk, a crane moves into action behind them and lift out of hold.  LA VALLE is with DEVEREAUX as Translator an Interpreter.
59) 5) dialog: The next several weeks will be very difficult and the middle of the ocean is the only place where the telephone isn't ringing all the time.
59) 7) dialog: To make a Frenchman feel what it is like to be a New Yorker.
60) 0) text: A long view of the pier from the opposite (east) side of West Street, beneath the steel trusses and girders of the West Side Drive and through the forest of cars that are parked there, the jam of traffic that develops around eve unloading vessel.  It is a view that takes in the front e of the Lincoln inching off the pier.  HENRI DEVEREAUX at wheel, turns to his right.  We watch until the point of v on the sidewalk.  ALAIN CHARNIER and PIERRE NICOLI are standing there watching.  When the car (off-camera) turns east on the way to the garage, NICOLI glances to CHARNIER CHARNIER does not look back.
71) 18) text: Close shot of two pro football players smearing each othe on the field, others falling on top of them. Medium close shot of DEVEREAUX at a Movie-ola working out his narration (DIALOGUE IN FRENCH)
71) 19) dialog: This is the new American religion, professional football.  It is where everybody goes instead of church on Sunday to express that peculiar American taste for bloodshed and violence. Several close shots of the violent action. Intercut with faces of the crowd. Close shot of DEVEREAUX.
71) 21) dialog: These men, playing a "game" - make more money each year than many important business leaders, artists or government officials. (zoom out)
154) 0) text: Shot of DEVEREAUX and LA VALLE.
154) 4) dialog: (moving, excitable)
154) 8) dialog: (moving)
154) 23) dialog: What's that? They look at each other for a long moment. MECHANIC starts to undo the side Rocker pans.  JIMMY pull the pan off and sticks his arm into the enclosure.  Feeli around inside he pulls out the first kilo-sized plastic container as several others start tumbling out after.  BU and DOYLE are smiling at each other as they continue to p the bags out.  Several of the other MECHANICS in the gara are gathered around the happy moment.  They repeat this action on the other side of the car. RUSSO enters garage sergeant's bullpen.  DEVEREAUX and LA VALLE are still arguing with the SERGEANT.
154) 27) dialog: You mean the car's here now?
154) 29) text: RUSSO walking with DEVEREAUX and LA VALLE.
154) 32) dialog: I was told these things happen in New York -- but one never expects it.
155) 0) text: Medium close shot of DEVEREAUX striding through the lobby toward the camera. (DIALOGUE IN FRENCH)
155) 3) dialog: It is waiting for you in the garage.
155) 5) dialog: I wasn't looking.
155) 7) dialog: My friend, I am not sure about what is going on -- but for me, I am finished.
155) 10) dialog: An accomplice to what?!  What have you gotten me into, Alain?  You asked me to do you a favor -- and I did what you asked -- but you've taken advantage of me.  I have my reputation -- CHARNIER pulls DEVEREAUX further aside.
155) 12) dialog: Goodbye. DEVEREAUX turns and walks into the crowded lobby leaving ALAIN standing alone.