59) 8) dialog: That's enough now, ladies and gentlemen.  M. Devereaux is due at his hotel in half an hour. Overhead the Lincoln comes down from the hold of the ship
65) 0) text: HIGH ANGLE: Close shot of CHARNIER, MARIE and LA VALLE walking slowly together toward the camera.  They are at t auto graveyard and the scene of an auction of cars towed New York streets by the Police Department.  About twenty other men are walking around, looking at the cars. A POLICEMAN blows a whistle and the prospective car buyer gather around the auction trailer in the b.g.
65) 1) dialog: There are four auto graveyards like this one in the other boroughs, handling about a thousand vehicles a month.  Those that aren't claimed are auctioned here once a month.
65) 4) dialog: No.  Many are involved in crimes and confiscated... or just abandoned. This is, as you know, your prime source of scrap metal, M. Charnier.
66) 0) text: Within the large trailer, about TWENTY MEN are seated at long benches to each side.  Some are standing to the rear At the front, an AUCTIONEER stands at a lectern.  To his left sits a CLERK at a small table.  The AUCTIONEER wears sweater and hat.  The buyers are tough types, young and o All have inventory lists.  The atmosphere is informal.  T CHARNIERS and LA VALLE enter the trailer at the back.
66) 3) dialog: (aside to CHARNIER)
66) 8) text: And these are the cars we're buying for shipment? Close shot of CHARNIER, MARIE and LA VALLE.  They are fac the AUCTIONEER.
66) 9) dialog: Yes, sir.  That man in the dark jacket is our buyer. Close shot of THE BUYER, LOU BOCA.  He is very active and wins the present bid.
69) 3) dialog: It was built in 1917 - and was one of the two heaviest bridges in the world.  The arch is still the largest in the world.
69) 6) dialog: Two railroads as part of a connecting railway which provided passage from New England to the South.  It was actually the first railroad through New York City.
69) 8) dialog: The river at this point is the most dangerous on the East Coast.  Years ago, hundreds of ships went down here.
69) 10) dialog: Most New Yorkers never notice it - most Americans have never heard of it.
69) 12) dialog: Mmm.
70) 0) text: CHARNIER, MARIE and LA VALLE walking. (NEAR GARAGE)
70) 2) dialog: I'm afraid the rest of Ward's Island isn't nearly as romantic - a pollution plant, a hospital, a training school for garbage men and that area over there, where the old cars are kept, prior to being processed for shipment to, among other places, The Charnier Shipping Company, of Marseilles, France. (NEAR CREMATORIUM)
70) 4) dialog: Oh, it's been abandoned for years.
70) 6) dialog: It was a crematorium.
70) 8) dialog: For dead bodies.
154) 0) text: Shot of DEVEREAUX and LA VALLE.
154) 1) dialog: The car was lost sometime this evening.  First they send us to Pier One -- then they send us here --
154) 3) dialog: In point of fact, M. Devereaux is scouting locations for a film for French Television.  He left the car to look at some point of interest.
154) 10) dialog: Mr. Devereaux is an extremely important guest of this country. He is working with the absolute cooperation and participation of your government.  Here are his credentials from the French Consulate. (showing them)
154) 25) dialog: This is M. Devereaux.
154) 29) text: RUSSO walking with DEVEREAUX and LA VALLE.