74) 0) text: Medium close shot of RUSSO and SIMONSON.  PHIL KLEIN, a federal narcotics agent, is reading aloud from an article the New York Daily News.  MULDERIG is listening and sippi coffee. Close shot of BILL MULDERIG, a Fed narcotics agent.
74) 1) dialog: Whatta you got -- four more years, Walter? Medium close of SIMONSON and RUSSO
74) 3) dialog: Christ, by the time you get out all this shit'll be legal. Wide shot of room, taking in SIMONSON, RUSSO, MULDERIG an PHIL KLEIN.  SIMONSON hands BUDDY a stack of warrants.
74) 5) text: The judge gave you ten days on these.  Klein and Mulderig will be sitting in for the Federals.  Tell Doyle they'll make all the buys, and that they're to be kept informed of everything that goes down. SIMONSON turns to MULDERIG.
74) 8) dialog: (rises)
74) 11) dialog: That's just my opinion. RUSSO, close.
78) 11) text: We also got Bill Mulderig and Phil Klein. Close on DOYLE, buttoning his pants.
78) 21) dialog: Strictly small potatoes. We can see DOYLE working to keep up with the black Mercur as they cross the Brooklyn Bridge in fairly heavy traffic The Mercury cuts around in and out, DOYLE plunges after h
78) 22) dialog: You really know how to pick 'em, Doyle. RUSSO turns his head in anger.
78) 23) dialog: Still wearing your gun on your ankle? No answer.
78) 24) dialog: Somebody told me the reason you did that was so's when you met a chick and rubbed against her she wouldn't know you were a cop. No answer.
78) 25) dialog: I said that was bullshit.  It must be some kind of fast-draw gimmick or something.
78) 28) dialog: He's gettin' too far ahead.  You're gonna lose him. DOYLE cuts into the next lane to a lot of horn-blowing an comes to a dead, screeching stop.  DOYLE sits up sharply erect in the seat, craning to see where SAL is going.  He throws open the door and hurls himself out.
84) 0) text: SAL moving north on Madison Avenue.  He is walking in a triangular trap of foot surveillance.  We begin to learn this when we fall back twenty feet behind SAL and pick up the figure of JIMMY DOYLE, moving at exactly the same pac While he keeps looking forward after SAL, he also looks regularly to the left, across to the West side of Madison where we quickly zoom in on the figure of BILL MULDERIG, is on an even line opposite SAL and moving almost precise in step with the subject of their surveillance.  MULDERIG keeps an eye on SAL but is also glancing north ahead of S to BUDDY RUSSO, who is 20 or 30 feet ahead of SAL, thus forming the triangle of the A-B-C tail. SAL bobbing along. DOYLE following. MULDERIG keeping pace. RUSSO up front. SAL suddenly turning East at the Northeast corner of 46th Street, the block occupied by the Roosevelt Hotel. MULDERIG yanking at his right ear. RUSSO spinning around, hurrying back toward the corner. DOYLE turning East at the Southeast corner of 46th Street RUSSO coming around the corner looking to DOYLE. DOYLE indicating the Roosevelt entrance with his chin whi MULDERIG comes up to join DOYLE. RUSSO moving quickly into the Roosevelt entrance on 46th Street between Madison and Vanderbilt.
100) 0) text: View from the front seat of a sedan of DOYLE falling into the corner of the back seat.  RUSSO reaches across the se from the camera to hand DOYLE a brown paper container of coffee.  He opens it between his knees and scalds his mou with it.  RUSSO hands over another gift, a pint of Canadi Club.  DOYLE takes a big swig. Rear close view of BILL MULDERIG at the wheel of the car, looking at DOYLE in the rear-view mirror.
100) 1) dialog: You about ready for a break? A view of MULDERIG at the wheel, RUSSO twisted around in seat, looking back at DOYLE and putting the cap back on t bottle.  When DOYLE isn't sipping at the coffee-whiskey, he's looking out the window of the car at the entrance of the hotel.  He looks beat.
100) 4) dialog: Christ you should o' collared him right there.
100) 11) dialog: 
100) 12) dialog: Why don't you do the same, Doyle? You look like shit.
100) 16) dialog: Case?  So far I haven't seen a damn thing.
103) 0) text: Medium shot of DOYLE on foot popeyeing up Madison Avenue the vicinity of the Westbury.  As unobtrusively as possib he's looking for the tail that should be there covering CHARNIER.  DOYLE is on the East side of the street, and t Westbury is on the West.  He pokes his head into a couple doorways, checks the cars parked at the curb, looks up to couple of the mezzanine shops along the street.  He sees PHIL KLEIN and ANOTHER AGENT talking together totally oblivious to the front entrance.  MULDERIG in a cigar sto looks to his wristwatch, then goes inside the store. Close shot of DOYLE frowning, puzzled.  There doesn't see to be anybody alert.  He looks over to the hotel. Westbury Hotel entrance from DOYLE's Point of View.  CHAR steps out of hotel entrance, turns south.  The two AGENTS and MULDERIG have not seen his exit. Close on DOYLE in a doorway. CHARNIER, carrying an umbrella, strolling blithely down t street, in DOYLE's direction but on the opposite side of street.  Zoom in on his face, reflecting no concern, no problems, then zoom back to DOYLE's position.  Pan to the hotel entrance as DOYLE looks for somebody else.  Where t hell is CHARNIER's surveillance? Very quickly, DOYLE's nervous glances. CHARNIER close. A long view of the street.
106) 3) dialog: Yeah, we got the Westbury covered like a tent.
115) 0) text: A long view from the bottom of the steep embankments abov Harlem River Drive in Washington Heights.  Sprayed along face of the cliff is a disaster -- an overturned city bus and a car with which it apparently collided.  The scene i lighted with flares.  Police rescue WORKERS and FIREMEN a scrambling up and down the face of the cliff.  They are carrying BODIES out of the bus and the car, COPS pulling them out through the windows, leading them on stretchers. There are shouted orders and some moans and cries from th wreckage.  In the foreground is LT. WALTER SIMONSON, invo in the operation, but also involved in a hassle with DOYL MULDERIG and RUSSO who are standing with him.  An officer approaches SIMONSON with a set of heroin works.
115) 7) dialog: Charnier and his wife checked out of the Westbury.  Nicoli checked out of the Edison --
115) 10) dialog: That's crazy.  You lost the Frog in the subway and you blew our cover. If they haven't moved already they're not gonna move now.
115) 13) dialog: With pleasure -- it's all yours. Walter, if anything develops outta this charade give me a call. Medium shot of SIMONSON, DOYLE, MULDERIG and RUSSO.  Ligh flashing around them; stretchers going by with bodies.
115) 21) dialog: The last time you were dead certain we ended up with a dead cop. A fist, DOYLE's, comes from off-camera and connects with MULDERIG's chin.  As his head flies back. DOYLE and MULDERIG slugging and grappling with each other RUSSO leaping in to yank them apart.  SIMONSON grabbing MULDERIG's arm and holding him back. SIMONSON, close.
152) 5) dialog: Nothing in there except a New York street map.
163) 0) text: Long view from the bridge of the Lincoln coming toward th camera over a small rise. View from Lincoln, between SAL and CHARNIER, over the hoo of the car and to the entrance to the bridge.  There is a police blockade.  Standing in front of it are DOYLE, RUSS MULDERIG and PHIL KLEIN.
168) 0) text: Long shot, we can see somebody running, hear his footstep but can't tell who it is. Shot of DOYLE entering. Shot of DOYLE, gun in hand, going around corner of long corridor, looking down it. Shot of MULDERIG running down one of the corridors and in a cell littered with abandoned furniture, sinks, toilets, Long view of the hallway.  Halfway down, LOU pops out and fires wildly at the camera. DOYLE close, pulling back, then leaning out and blazing a twice. Long shot of LOU, staffering into the corridor and collap DOYLE running down the corridor leaping over LOU's body a continuing to run to bisecting corridor.
169) 5) text: Cover the other side -- Frog Number One is down there. RUSSO scrambling along the Crematorium wall. DOYLE moving slowly down the opposite wall. Medium shot of DOYLE approaching the end rooms.  A figure slips out of one of them, shrouded with shadows. Close of DOYLE firing twice into the camera. Close shot of the figure.  It's AGENT BILL MULDERIG spinn dropping, his own service revolver clattering on the conc Medium close shot of DOYLE standing over MULDERIG's body, two or three COPS coming up, including RUSSO.