20) 0) text: DOYLE close in right profile, SAL's table in the far blur background.
20) 10) text: A and A, that's all you're interested in -- Arrests and Ass. As soon as DOYLE has finished lighting the cigarette SAL his PARTY come bubbling out of the Club noisily, a little drunkenly.  SAL waves to the attentive DOORMAN. DOYLE close, leaning forward over the wheel to put his ha on the ignition key.  He does not turn it.  He is waiting for the cover of noise from the starting of SAL's car. RUSSO is turning the opposite corner of the car into a be his head back, arms across his chest.
21) 0) text: Cabs, Daily News and Times delivery trucks, bakery vans a a few cruising cabs, one or two passenger cars and a coas green and black police cruiser -- this is the 4:30 a.m. traffic through which DOYLE moves. A rear-window view of SAL and ANGIE BOCA, in animated conversation.  His head is turned toward her, his hand raised in a gesture.  ANGIE is sitting in a corner with h back to the door, in profile to the back window.
23) 0) text: Side close view of SAL turning south into Mott Street panning to pick up the Italian names on the candy stores, funeral parlors, bars, grocery stores, social clubs. A long view of SAL's car from the DOYLE-RUSSO auto, over shoulders of the two cops.  DOYLE is leaning on the wheel his car.  He's against the curb about 100 yards behind SA Medium close view of SAL in the middle of Mott Street, walking quickly toward the opposite side of the street, hands in the pocket of his white raincoat.  He glances ov his shoulder in the direction of DOYLE's car. Close of RUSSO who has come awake.  The smart-ass demeano has dropped away.  DOYLE turns to him and smiles.  This district is the heart of every illegal activity in New Yo Close rear view of DOYLE and RUSSO ducking down to the le of the dashboard, a reflex action.  He couldn't see them that distance, although SAL, lighted by his own headlight can be seen in the background walking around the cars, across the sidewalk and stopped at a recessed doorway. Medium close shot of SAL and partially visible FIGURE at doorway.  With another glance up the street, SAL takes something out of his raincoat pocket and steps up and int the doorway.
25) 0) text: Long view of SAL's Mercury moving over Brooklyn Bridge. Close shot of the DOYLE-RUSSO car from RUSSO's side.  BUD now interested, watching.
26) 0) text: Overhead view of cars circling block, first Mercury turni corner, then DOYLE's Ford. Long shot of the Mercury pulling up beside line of parked cars (as seen from DOYLE-RUSSO car) stopping and parking. Hold on Mercury as SAL and ANGIE get out of it.  SAL lock it up, and starting to walk toward a line of parked cars. Close shot from rear seat of DOYLE and RUSSO glancing at each other. SAL and ANGIE stop in the street beside beat-up white Dod Without a word they get in.  Hold as they get in, SAL sta and they begin to drive out of the spot. Close on DOYLE.
27) 0) text: Close shot of DOYLE and RUSSO in profile driving past the candy store as SAL and ANGIE open door and go in. Close shot of DOYLE and RUSSO parked.  DOYLE is looking i the rear-view mirror while BUDDY is turned around on the seat, looking out the rear window. A long shot, from the DOYLE-RUSSO viewpoint of the candy store.  The door is open, the street is deserted.  Lights are going on in the little shop.
46) 0) text: SAL counts the receipts.  Two or three CUSTOMERS in the B SAL removes a tray of Ziti from the oven.  ANGIE makes an order to go. SAL removes garbage from the back area.
47) 0) text: SAL putting garbage into cans.  Pan and Zoom to DOYLE and RUSSO in window of FACTORY across the street.
50) 0) text: Angie shooting from back of store towards front.  The Two Wise Guys enter, go to Back Room.  SAL follows.  They clo door.  DOYLE is at the magazine counter in front.  He sit down with magazine.  Orders coffee.
51) 0) text: LOU pulls up.  As LOU picks up SAL.  They drive to variou buildings in Brooklyn.  One or the other gets out briefly then goes on.  DOYLE and RUSSO watch from DOYLE's car.
51) 16) text: He looks like that wop stooge used to drive for the Fracisi brothers. LOU joins them.  He and SAL leave together after each kis and embraces the old man.
52) 0) text: In the East 80's.  SAL exits.
53) 0) text: SAL and ANGIE leaving.
63) 0) text: RUSSO on phones -- checking notes on SAL.  DOYLE reading comics on cot.  Tape machine clicks on -- tape is activat RUSSO sits attentively.
64) 3) text: WHOLESALER                (DOYLE comes over) (V.O.)                He's fightin' with somebody Yeah, well you know I          about a halfa cent. shoulda raised this here a long time ago.  We got a                DOYLE inflation period...            How we gonna keep Simonson from hearin' this?
64) 6) text: C'mon Sal, I got my orders, too --
68) 3) dialog: Takin' care o' business, honey.
68) 5) dialog: You know I hadda meet some people tonight --
68) 8) dialog: Where'm I goinna get a pizza this time o' night?
68) 10) dialog: I don't know where I'm gonna find a pizza joint open.
68) 12) dialog: Yeah?
68) 14) dialog: This broad's crazy!
72) 0) text: In Lower Manhattan.  There are SIX or EIGHT MATRONS still there, stevedores and truck drivers.  Most of them are clustered at the far end of the bar, where MUTCHIE, a gra haired gone-to-paunch Irishman with spectacles as thick a pop-bottle bottoms stands behind the mahogany bar.  The cluster of customers is involved in a typical New York saloon argument. DOYLE is ignoring the debate and watching the television. He is approached by a small MAN in a long coat and baggy suit with suspenders.  This is JESUS THE BOOSTER.
79) 0) text: Rear medium close shot of DOYLE climbing up on the side o the car to look ahead, then jumping down and running off. DOYLE running as hard as he can. Medium close side shot of SAL turning off the bridge onto the FDR Drive, moving quickly and smoothly uptown. DOYLE running to a stop, and staring ahead.  Breathing ha horns are blowing on the bridge and they drown out the wo as he curses, "Dirty Sonofabitch."
82) 0) text: SAL emerges from the garage and heads toward Madison Aven He passes a man looking in a store window, PHIL KLEIN. KLEIN follows him.
83) 0) text: SAL stops abruptly at the corner and turns around.  KLEIN forced to pass him and cross the street. SAL crosses the street to his left, at a right angle to K
84) 0) text: SAL moving north on Madison Avenue.  He is walking in a triangular trap of foot surveillance.  We begin to learn this when we fall back twenty feet behind SAL and pick up the figure of JIMMY DOYLE, moving at exactly the same pac While he keeps looking forward after SAL, he also looks regularly to the left, across to the West side of Madison where we quickly zoom in on the figure of BILL MULDERIG, is on an even line opposite SAL and moving almost precise in step with the subject of their surveillance.  MULDERIG keeps an eye on SAL but is also glancing north ahead of S to BUDDY RUSSO, who is 20 or 30 feet ahead of SAL, thus forming the triangle of the A-B-C tail. SAL bobbing along. DOYLE following. MULDERIG keeping pace. RUSSO up front. SAL suddenly turning East at the Northeast corner of 46th Street, the block occupied by the Roosevelt Hotel. MULDERIG yanking at his right ear. RUSSO spinning around, hurrying back toward the corner. DOYLE turning East at the Southeast corner of 46th Street RUSSO coming around the corner looking to DOYLE. DOYLE indicating the Roosevelt entrance with his chin whi MULDERIG comes up to join DOYLE. RUSSO moving quickly into the Roosevelt entrance on 46th Street between Madison and Vanderbilt.
85) 0) text: Roosevelt lobby stairs with ALAIN CHARNIER, PIERRE NICOLI SAL greeting.
85) 4) text: Excuse me. We move into the lobby of the Roosevelt and then spin aro quickly, to watch CHARNIER, NICOLI and SAL moving upstair and out the door.
101) 0) text: Close shot of CHEMIST with a small lab layout spread in front of him -- burner, test tubes, etc.  The MAN's weari an ordinary business suit and both the table and the background indicate that this is not a lab, but somebody' library or den -- and a fashionable one, with photos, a signed picture of Lyndon Johnson, etc., on the panelled w The CHEMIST is running a Thiele test on a small mound of powder.  Heroin from CHARNIER's shipment. Medium close shot of JOEL WEINSTOCK and SAL BOCA sitting opposite the CHEMIST.
101) 5) dialog: Sixty.
101) 9) dialog: By the time it gets down to nickel bags it's at least thirty-two million! Medium close of WEINSTOCK and BOCA.
101) 11) dialog: I guess we got a deal, eh? Medium close shot of WEINSTOCK alone, appraising BOCA.
101) 13) dialog: Joel, the man is in a hurry.  He wants the bread and he wants to go back to France.  He ain't gonna hang around and play games.  He's one o' the shrewdest cats I ever run across. WEINSTOCK, close.
101) 16) dialog: Joel, don't jerk me.  I spent a lot o' time settin' this one up.
101) 19) dialog: I been damn careful up to now.
101) 21) dialog: I'm straight, Joel.  They haven't got shit on me.  Look, I'm tellin' you, he'll take the deal somewhere else.
101) 24) dialog: Look, the stuff is here.  We could set up the switch in an hour.  I'm tellin' you, Mr. Weinstock, he'll split if we don't move.  This guy is everything they say he is. WEINSTOCK taking SAL apart with his eyes over the cigar.
116) 0) text: Medium close side view of SAL BOCA's Mercury pulling to t Washington-Boston shuttle parking lot at La Guardia airpo SAL takes his ticket from the automatic vendor and drives We hold for the next car driven by PHIL KLEIN, a federal narcotics agent who is on his tail.
117) 0) text: Medium close shot of SAL BOCA writing out the ticket orde form. Close shot of the form; SAL filling it out in an almost illiterate scrawl.  Under destination SAL fills in Washin and the camera raises its eye to a close shot of PHIL KLE on the opposite side of the counter, filling in his form. Close side shot of PHIL KLEIN standing right behind SAL i the shuttle line.
119) 0) text: Medium long shot of CHARNIER walking across street, diagonally toward the camera, removing the identification card from his lapel. Rear close shot of CHARNIER joining SAL BOCA on the sidew and the two of them moving off together. Close shot of SAL, somewhat nervous about trying to peddl his problems to CHARNIER.
119) 1) dialog: Everything's smooth.  Beautiful.  I will need a few more days though, the boys think we oughta cool it for awhile -- make sure there's no heat.
119) 4) dialog: Look, I'll level with you -- I need a little more time -- I got to shift gears.
119) 6) dialog: Hell no -- my end is covered -- my associates just feel we ought to wait for a more opportune time to make the switch. Stop, Cover.
119) 9) dialog: Look, Mr. Charnier, you got to be reasonable.
119) 11) dialog: It's yours too! Full length shot of CHARNIER and BOCA, CHARNIER leaning o to shake his hand.
146) 0) text: SAL and ANGIE emerge and get into the Mercury.
147) 0) text: Long shot of the Mercury stopped.  SAL gets out and walks quickly to the garage entrance and down the ramp as ANGIE drives off in the Mercury.  Pan to
148) 0) text: Medium close shot of RUSSO from the rear as he walks down the ramp toward a glass attendant's booth in the backgrou We pan around the garage looking for SAL but don't find h As RUSSO approaches the booth, we see the figure of a man partially obscured by the door and the entrance framework Close shot of RUSSO from the front.
148) 3) dialog: Yeh.  He's over getting my car. Medium close shot of GARAGE ATTENDANT holding the door of the Lincoln open for SAL, shutting it and taking the tick from the windshield.  As BOCA puts car in gear and drives off, we pan to BUDDY RUSSO standing there watching.  The ATTENDANT walks up.
149) 0) text: Impressionistic shot of Lincoln and DOYLE's car winding through Brooklyn streets. Long shot of the Lincoln, SAL BOCA parking it, getting ou and locking the doors, looking around and walking away. The Mercury comes around a corner, ANGIE at the wheel.  T car stops and SAL gets in. As the Mercury takes off, Detective PHIL KLEIN follows in his car. Close shot of DOYLE and RUSSO in their car parked several car lengths and across the street from the Lincoln.
162) 0) text: Medium close shot of the Lincoln.  The Rocker panels are open and the junk is being unloaded.  CHARNIER is standin by two suitcases of cash.  He takes a bundle out of the suitcase, riffs the deck of bills with his fingers to mak sure it's money all the way through; puts it in a separat stack that will go into the rocker panels of a nearby jun car.  WEINSTOCK is standing next to the CHEMIST, with his testing equipment.  The MECHANICS are under the Lincoln a passing out the kilos of heroin, BOCA is helping them.  T kilos are concealed in the floor boards of the old garage Close shot of CHARNIER's hands, working on the money. Close shot of the CHEMIST taking a sniff, then a taste. Close shot of SAL BOCA and MECHANICS continuing to unload packet after packet after packet of heroin. Close shot of CHARNIER as the stacks of money are loaded into the car. Close shot of BOCA taking a bottle of Seagram's Seven Cro out of a brown paper bag. CHARNIER extends his hand.  WEINSTOCK takes it; they shak CHARNIER close, looking back at the car as the rocker pan are restored to the Lincoln.  The junk car with the money secreted is removed. Medium shot of SAL BOCA and CHARNIER getting in the Linco In the b.g. a tow truck hauls the battered junk car out t await shipment.
163) 0) text: Long view from the bridge of the Lincoln coming toward th camera over a small rise. View from Lincoln, between SAL and CHARNIER, over the hoo of the car and to the entrance to the bridge.  There is a police blockade.  Standing in front of it are DOYLE, RUSS MULDERIG and PHIL KLEIN.
163) 2) text: CLOSE-UP DOYLE.  He gives CHARNIER a little wave. Long view of the Lincoln stopping in the middle of the bridge.  Zoom in on it as SAL hurriedly turns it around, smashing into the side of the bridge as he does. Medium shot of the Lincoln racing back across the island. The Mercury roars past WEINSTOCK's car, heading toward th bridge. WEINSTOCK's car coming to a stop. Close shot of the CHEMIST and WEINSTOCK in the car, turni back to the island.
164) 0) text: Close shot of CHARNIER and SAL.  SAL driving, CHARNIER looking out the back window.  The police cars, slowly, be to gun engines and start the pursuit.  The sirens begin t wail.
165) 0) text: The Lincoln roaring into the asylum toward the camera, screeching to a stop.  SAL and CHARNIER leaping out.  The run toward Crematorium Building. Medium long shot of SAL running off.
165) 1) dialog: (shouting)
167) 0) text: Close shot SAL BOCA and the two MECHANICS at the auto graveyard.  The MECHANICS start to run and are pursued by KLEIN and TWO OTHER COPS.  SAL decides to shoot it out. RUSSO in pursuit.