62) 0) text: Close shot of WALTER SIMONSON at desk in the large square office he occupies as a Lieutenant of Detectives in charg of the Manhattan Narcotics Bureau.  He is the immediate superior of RUSSO and DOYLE, head of the 200-man narcotic squad that polices Manhattan.
62) 1) dialog: (with coffee cup)
62) 2) text: All that is great -- but you guys work Bed-Stuy.  You're not supposed to be in Ridgewood. DOYLE, RUSSO and SIMONSON
62) 5) dialog: You couldn't burn a three-time loser with what you're bringing in here.  You know you stiffs could run yourselves an entrapment rap. The guy has done nothing -- Brooklyn is full of Candy Store guys with two cars who like to go to nightclubs.
62) 7) dialog: (moves to window)
62) 10) dialog: Your hunches have backfired before, Doyle. DOYLE, close, no comment. Back to SIMONSON.
62) 11) dialog: (moves back to stand at desk)
62) 16) dialog: You stop and shake down a bellboy because he's got three joints in his sock.  You hit a high school kid in short pants who looks like he's got a twitch. RUSSO.  Getting it back on the track.
62) 23) dialog: (pause, he turns to RUSSO)
62) 26) dialog: What'll it take?
62) 30) dialog: You know I have to get a court order for wiretaps.
62) 33) dialog: Popeye... Close on DOYLE at the door.  RUSSO beside him. Back to SIMONSON
62) 34) dialog: You still pickin' your feet in Poughkeepsie?
64) 3) text: WHOLESALER                (DOYLE comes over) (V.O.)                He's fightin' with somebody Yeah, well you know I          about a halfa cent. shoulda raised this here a long time ago.  We got a                DOYLE inflation period...            How we gonna keep Simonson from hearin' this?
74) 0) text: Medium close shot of RUSSO and SIMONSON.  PHIL KLEIN, a federal narcotics agent, is reading aloud from an article the New York Daily News.  MULDERIG is listening and sippi coffee. Close shot of BILL MULDERIG, a Fed narcotics agent.
74) 2) dialog: Three. Close shot of MULDERIG.
74) 4) dialog: (rises, to RUSSO)
74) 5) text: The judge gave you ten days on these.  Klein and Mulderig will be sitting in for the Federals.  Tell Doyle they'll make all the buys, and that they're to be kept informed of everything that goes down. SIMONSON turns to MULDERIG.
74) 6) dialog: You know Doyle, don't you Bill? Close of MULDERIG.
115) 0) text: A long view from the bottom of the steep embankments abov Harlem River Drive in Washington Heights.  Sprayed along face of the cliff is a disaster -- an overturned city bus and a car with which it apparently collided.  The scene i lighted with flares.  Police rescue WORKERS and FIREMEN a scrambling up and down the face of the cliff.  They are carrying BODIES out of the bus and the car, COPS pulling them out through the windows, leading them on stretchers. There are shouted orders and some moans and cries from th wreckage.  In the foreground is LT. WALTER SIMONSON, invo in the operation, but also involved in a hassle with DOYL MULDERIG and RUSSO who are standing with him.  An officer approaches SIMONSON with a set of heroin works.
115) 3) text: This belonged to the kid who was drivin' the sports car.  17 years old.  His girlfriend OD'd in the car.  We found this set of works in her arm. Medium close shot of DOYLE and SIMONSON.  DOYLE couldn't care if Rome was burning on the hill; he's only intereste in his case.
115) 5) text: Where the hell was the surveillance? "Go to bed." That's all you could say.  You couldn't keep track of a bleeding elephant in a snowbank. SIMONSON, eyes on the hill, glancing to DOYLE with irrita
115) 6) dialog: Jimmy, it doesn't matter anymore. If there was a deal it must have gone down by now.  We blew it!  We blew our cover and we blew the warrants --
115) 18) dialog: 
115) 19) dialog: For chrissake, will you come off that "my case" bullshit.  This has been a whore's dream from the start. DOYLE, close.
115) 22) dialog: (roaring)
115) 26) dialog: (on way up hill, turning back)