101) 0) text: Close shot of CHEMIST with a small lab layout spread in front of him -- burner, test tubes, etc.  The MAN's weari an ordinary business suit and both the table and the background indicate that this is not a lab, but somebody' library or den -- and a fashionable one, with photos, a signed picture of Lyndon Johnson, etc., on the panelled w The CHEMIST is running a Thiele test on a small mound of powder.  Heroin from CHARNIER's shipment. Medium close shot of JOEL WEINSTOCK and SAL BOCA sitting opposite the CHEMIST.
101) 3) dialog: Retail is not my end of the business. Are you telling me it's worth the half million? Medium close of the CHEMIST.
101) 10) dialog: Thank you, Howard.  Take what's left there with you and goodnight. The CHEMIST packs his apparatus and leaves.
101) 12) dialog: We got a test.  A deal for half a million dollars, maybe. SAL, whose cool is easily shattered.
101) 14) dialog: What am I, a shmuck?  What's the hurry?  He could see a couple of shows and visit the top of the Empire State Building.
101) 18) dialog: So whatta you want a badge?  It's your first major league game Sal. One thing I learned, move calmly, move cautiously.  You'll never be sorry.
101) 20) dialog: Which is why your phone lines are tapped and the Feds are crawlin' all over you like flies.
101) 22) dialog: 
101) 23) dialog: He could go someplace else with his sixty kilos of heroin and see how easy it is to pull together a half million cash.  He wouldn't find there was any hurry to do this kind of business. SAL, a little desperate.
101) 25) dialog: What about you, Sal?  Are you everything they say you are? Close of SAL's worried face.
162) 0) text: Medium close shot of the Lincoln.  The Rocker panels are open and the junk is being unloaded.  CHARNIER is standin by two suitcases of cash.  He takes a bundle out of the suitcase, riffs the deck of bills with his fingers to mak sure it's money all the way through; puts it in a separat stack that will go into the rocker panels of a nearby jun car.  WEINSTOCK is standing next to the CHEMIST, with his testing equipment.  The MECHANICS are under the Lincoln a passing out the kilos of heroin, BOCA is helping them.  T kilos are concealed in the floor boards of the old garage Close shot of CHARNIER's hands, working on the money. Close shot of the CHEMIST taking a sniff, then a taste. Close shot of SAL BOCA and MECHANICS continuing to unload packet after packet after packet of heroin. Close shot of CHARNIER as the stacks of money are loaded into the car. Close shot of BOCA taking a bottle of Seagram's Seven Cro out of a brown paper bag. CHARNIER extends his hand.  WEINSTOCK takes it; they shak CHARNIER close, looking back at the car as the rocker pan are restored to the Lincoln.  The junk car with the money secreted is removed. Medium shot of SAL BOCA and CHARNIER getting in the Linco In the b.g. a tow truck hauls the battered junk car out t await shipment.
163) 2) text: CLOSE-UP DOYLE.  He gives CHARNIER a little wave. Long view of the Lincoln stopping in the middle of the bridge.  Zoom in on it as SAL hurriedly turns it around, smashing into the side of the bridge as he does. Medium shot of the Lincoln racing back across the island. The Mercury roars past WEINSTOCK's car, heading toward th bridge. WEINSTOCK's car coming to a stop. Close shot of the CHEMIST and WEINSTOCK in the car, turni back to the island.