5) 19) text: The girl who we now know as AUDREY ANDERSON turns to Howa with a caustic smile.
5) 20) dialog: Yeah, that's cuz I woke up hoping to get double teamed by a couple of meth head truckers in the bathroom of some desert shithole. (BEAT) Good thing we stopped here.
5) 28) text: Across the diner, Audrey goes back to swaying dreamily to music, which is suddenly overtaken by BASS BUMPIN' HIP-HO
8) 0) text: The DOOR JINGLES.   Charlie and Kyle enter. Audrey's eyes light up when she sees Kyle. He notices her well. How couldn't he? She's directing every ounce of sex appeal she has in his direction. Her parents, on the other hand, shoot a look of utter fea Kyle's direction, as if he personified their worst suburb nightmare. Charlie heads to the register. Digs out a fresh pack of smokes from underneath the counter.
13) 14) dialog: Maybe it's a terrorist attack or something...?
15) 119) text: Across the diner, Audrey is pushed back into a booth, her knees pulled tightly to her chest, shivering. Her adult facade giving way to that of a frightened child A DROP OF RED HITS AUDREY'S CHEEK, causing her to look up see Gladys's TRAIL OF BLOOD DRIPPING FROM THE CEILING. An ungodly horror.
16) 0) text: Kyle, Percy, Sandra and Audrey frantically carry Howard, neck bandaged, to the back of the Escalade.
17) 0) text: Howard lies in the back seat. Sandra by his head, claspin his hands in hers. Audrey by his feet. Percy rides shotgu Kyle struggles to get the key in the ignition. The engine ROARS to life.
19) 3) text: Kyle shoots him a look. Eighty miles?! Pedal to the floor time. Audrey leans forward from the back seat.
19) 4) dialog: What's that on the road?
19) 11) dialog: Not clouds. Clouds don't buzz.
21) 0) text: Bob and Jeep appear from the back, as Kyle, Percy, Audrey Sandra carry Howard into the diner, all of them stumbling gasping for air. Charlie moves in to help. Percy races for the back.
22) 0) text: Percy and Charlie are tending to Howard. Sandra is holdin her husband's hand, trying to comfort him, while Audrey watches from a distance with grim fascination.
25) 40) text: Michael's eyes flit momentarily in Charlie's direction. Considering her. The diner door opens and Percy steps cautiously out with and hook held up to show no threat. He's followed by Sand and Audrey. Michael sees them, but offers no indication that he cares
25) 56) dialog: Shut up, mom!
25) 60) text: Audrey pulls her mother back into the diner. Michael hands an MP5 SUB-MACHINE GUN to Kyle. Another one goes to Percy. Finally he places a third one in Jeep's hands, who stares down at it anxiously.
28) 0) text: Jeep faces the boarded up front door, awkwardly holding t MP5, trying to assume a tough guy posture. If only he cou stop shaking, it might be believable. Charlie and Audrey peer between the slats covering the windows. The ICE CREAM TRUCK'S HEADLIGHTS fan across the diner. Audrey and Charlie back away from the windows. Charlie stops next to Jeep. Senses him shaking. Rests a hand on his arm. And that seems to help...a little. Howard smiles weakly at the familiar sound of the CALLIOP
30) 0) text: Hiding in the shadows... listening to sounds of WAR just outside. Sandra squeezes her hands over her ears.   A few feet awa Audrey clutches a butcher's knife. Jeep's eyes darting from one window to another.   Trying keep it together. Charlie is crouched down behind the counter, holding the handgun close to her pregnant belly. Distant EXPLOSIONS rattle the plates on the shelves. Charlie peers out from behind the counter to look at the front windows. Momentary FLASHES of intense light outline the closed bli Another FLASH lights up Charlie's face.    Staring.
32) 0) text: ON CHARLIE staring at the window.    CLOSER.   Charlie's wide as -- SMASH!   A DARK SHAPE crashes through the window.    Glas sand and dust swirl in. Audrey and Sandra SCREAM. Charlie springs up from her hiding place, gun ready. Jeep spins around, pointing his gun, searching franticall for the intruder. It's so dark!
32) 2) text: Audrey shakes her head, tears streaming down her cheeks. looks over at her mother. Sandra's eyes are closed. It's too much.
32) 3) dialog: Mom!   Open your eyes!
32) 9) dialog: Daddy!
32) 10) text: The creature reaches the window. Sandra dives for Howard' outstretched hands. She has him! The creature's progress is abruptly halted at the shatter window.   It turns back toward Sandra -- a shaft of light falling across its face, reveals: A TEENAGE GIRL of about Audrey's age.   Her skin is a dea blue. Her pupils a GHASTLY WHITE.
32) 17) text: Charlie and Audrey rush to Sandra's side, grabbing Howard arms. Jeep is right behind them ready to fire at the creature, with the women in the way, he can't get a clear shot. So discards the gun and grabs Howard's arms. Howard screams as his body is torturously stretched.   A tug-of-war.
32) 29) text: Without the help, Audrey and Sandra can't hold on any lon Howard is ripped from of his family's hands and out the window.
32) 30) dialog: Daddy!
34) 19) text: No one responds.   Sandra and Audrey are huddled together Crying. Bob and Percy follow Kyle in, still shaking from the adrenaline.
34) 55) text: Bob falls silent, confounded. Audrey hesitantly approaches Michael.
34) 56) dialog: So you're here to protect us?
36) 13) text: Meanwhile in a booth across the diner, Audrey is fiddling with Percy's old radio. Back and forth on the dial. Listening for anything. Nothing but STATIC. Up at the front of the diner, Jeep silently helps Michael nail broken table planks across the shattered window. He eyes the strange tatoos running down Michael's arms, the jagged wounds visible above his shirt line.
41) 21) text: Sandra scrambles down off the desk and frantically pushes away from the door. She's reaching for the dead bolt when Audrey and Kyle appear in the doorway.
41) 22) dialog: Mom!
41) 28) text: She struggles against him, throwing a wild elbow that tag Kyle in the face. Down he goes. Sandra is about to open the door when Audrey pounces on h
44) 0) text: Sandra and Audrey are locked in battle. Sandra slaps Audr hard. Audrey stumbles over Kyle and hits the floor. Percy appears in the doorway. Now is her last chance. Sandra whips open the back door a that's when the world hits SLOW MOTION. Howard is there.    A few feet away.   Alive. Sandra races toward him.    Just behind her comes Percy.
46) 0) text: Michael and Bob are tying Sandra to a chair. Not like it looks like she's capable of going anywhere, but you never know. Across the diner, Charlie eyes Michael cautiously. Michae never goes for more than a few moments without looking up her. It's not lecherous. More like a protective father making sure his child hasn't strayed too far. In a booth, Audrey watches, red-eyed, as Michael restrain her mother. Then she returns her attention to Percy's rad Tuning. Trying to find something, anything in the STATIC.
46) 5) dialog: Hey...
46) 7) dialog: Hey! You guys, I think I got something here!
46) 13) dialog: Does that mean we can leave?
49) 0) text: Sand and wind.    The INVISIBLE SUN is sinking. Kyle and Audrey are bundled together on the roof, keeping watch. Kyle is showing her how to hold the MP5.
49) 2) text: Audrey flips the safety.
49) 3) dialog: Yeah, I got it. All the way down. Two clicks.
49) 5) dialog: Dated this guy last summer. A marine. Had a thing for guns. Parents hated him.
49) 7) text: After a moment, Audrey switches the safety back on.   Han the gun over to Kyle. Audrey stares into the red nothingness surrounding them. expression growing distant. She seems to have aged years overnight.
49) 8) dialog: My parents hate everything I do. That's why we were moving.
49) 14) dialog: They thought a more "wholesome" environment would help me "change my ways." So fucked up. Only reason they care at all is cuz they don't want to be embarrassed in front of their friends at the country club.
49) 17) dialog: What?
51) 0) text: The truck stop is lit up like a Christmas tree. If you didn't know better, you might mistake the place for busin as usual. Kyle and Audrey stand on the roof, taking in th dramatic change.
51) 1) dialog: Is it over?
51) 5) dialog: No, I can handle it.
51) 6) text: Kyle stares at Audrey's beautiful, determined face.    Th pulls out his silver 45.
51) 16) dialog: Kyle, are they...
51) 17) text: A distant SCREECH from behind. Kyle and Audrey spin to lo out over the back side of the diner. AN ARMY OF DARK SHAPES are swarming in fast. Kyle looks urgently back at the family.    The father lif pump. Flips the lever.
51) 19) text: Kyle and Audrey wave their arms frantically at the family
51) 20) dialog: Hey! Get back in your car!      It's a trap!
51) 21) text: But down below, the man can only hear the sound of RAGING WIND as he pumps the gas. Kyle fires his gun in the air.   BLAM!   BLAM!     BLAM! At the sound of gunfire, the man looks quickly up to the roof.   His family heard it too and they start to SCREAM HIM. The man can only see silhouettes in this light, but he's not waiting around to see if it's friend or foe. Audrey watches in horror as the dark shapes reach the din
51) 22) dialog: They're not gonna make it.
51) 28) dialog: (pushing his barrel down) Wait! You'll hit them too!
51) 30) dialog: Kyle!
53) 11) dialog: Kyle!
54) 3) text: Out the window they see Audrey drop down from the roof an run towards Kyle.
55) 0) text: The young boy stands over Kyle, silently watching the lif drain from his body. The boy looks up to see Audrey approaching fast. Tears suddenly appear in his eyes. He opens his arms pleadingly her.
55) 6) dialog: Fuck you!
55) 7) text: Audrey raises the 45 and ...     CLICK.   CLICK.   CLICK. She keeps pulling the trigger.    Nothing. The boy's tears stop instantly. He looks at her with an eerie calm for someone so young.
55) 9) text: The boy moves toward Audrey, stepping over Kyle's body. Audrey backs away. She looks toward the entrance to the diner. Blocked by advancing creatures. They're everywhere.    She's trapped. She notices the open door to the MINIVAN.     And so she Audrey dives into the car as the throng of creatures rapi closes in. She hammers the auto door lock. CLUNK! She moves to the center of the car as gruesome faces pres against the windows. A nightmare come to life.
57) 0) text: With stunning calm, Michael marches straight for the pump IN THE MINIVAN, Audrey screams as the windows begin to CR She's running out of time. Michael grabs a gas pump, flips the lever and points it a the minivan. What's he up to? The creatures covering the car turn to look at Michael as they've just now noticed him. And that's when he starts spraying gas at them. But wait, there's more to this trick. Up comes Michael's Glock in h other hand and BLAM! BLAM! BLAM! The spray of gas EXPLODES into a SPRAY OF FIRE! The MINIVAN is engulfed in flames. Creatures tear away from the car like fiery comets throug the night. The windows EXPLODE, showering Audrey with tiny shards of glass. Michael drops the gas pump. He reaches through a fire rimmed broken car window and unlocks the door. Audrey looks up to see Michael's expressionless face CIRC BY A RING OF FIRE.
57) 2) text: Meanwhile, fire is spreading quickly under the car... Michael pulls Audrey from the flaming vehicle.
58) 0) text: Everyone's eyes go wide at the insanity they're witnessin Audrey is the first one in. Michael is almost there.   But the fire is faster, ENGULF
58) 4) text: BURSTING OUT OF THE FLAMES, Michael marches confidently i the diner. Jeep slams the door CLOSED just as the WALL OF FIRE REACHES THEM. Everyone hits the deck as the FIRE SHOOTS THROUGH THE SLA covering the windows like spindly fingers reaching for pr Michael's clothes are a smoky, smoldering mess.   Jeep an rush to pat him down. Audrey's coughing from the smoke.
58) 35) text: Jeep and Bob whip up their guns as Michael throws the wic creature into the air. Sandra's vacant face flickers in the light as the SOUND O GUNFIRE AND INHUMAN SCREAMING fill the diner. And then in moments...      All is QUIET. BEHIND THE COUNTER, Audrey helps Charlie to her feet. WINCES. Doubles over, clutching her stomach.
60) 0) text: Charlie, drenched in sweat is writhing on the ground with Michael holding down her arms and Audrey kneeling between legs. Pots of steaming water surround them.
60) 1) dialog: What am I supposed to do? Just `cause I'm a girl doesn't mean I automatically know how to do this!
60) 3) dialog: Yeah, but, how do you know how to do this?!
62) 0) text: Michael reacts to the sound. An urgency comes over him. Audrey arrives with more steaming water.
62) 1) dialog: What is that?!
62) 3) dialog: Who's coming? Whaddya mean hurry? This isn't something you can exactly hurry, is it?
62) 5) dialog: Michael, who's coming?!
64) 0) text: Amidst the dirt and darkness, Charlie lets out a final agonizing SCREAM... ...and then comes a BABY'S CRIES.   Audrey, eyes wide, ho up the CHILD. Stunned. Elated.
64) 1) dialog: Oh my god...we did it!    Charlie, you did it!
64) 2) text: Audrey places the child in Charlie's arms. She stares at baby, holding it at a distance, unsure of whether to embr it or be terrified by it. A commitment she's not yet read to make, even at this late hour.
64) 3) dialog: (CONFUSED) It's okay. The baby's okay.
64) 4) text: Charlie looks to Audrey, tears streaming down her face.
64) 6) text: Audrey looks to Michael, unsure.
64) 8) text: Audrey nods, takes the baby back from Charlie, tries to soothe him by pacing around the diner.
64) 13) dialog: It's okay...It's okay...Shhh...
64) 14) text: Another DRONE OF THE HORN RATTLES THE WALLS.      Menacin Closer. Audrey   reacts, crosses to the counter, turns on the rad trying   to drown out the sound of the approaching menace of the   STATIC, the haunting sounds of BING CROSBY singi SILENT   NIGHT fills the room. The quiet before the storm Michael helps Charlie quickly clean herself up.     She s at him, a burning spite in her eyes.
64) 23) text: Off Charlie's look, we move across the diner where Audrey approaches her mother, kneels down in front of her. Despi how much her mother pisses her off, it breaks her heart t see her in such a demoralized state.
64) 24) dialog: Mama? Can you hear me? (holds up the baby) We did it...The baby's alive.
64) 28) text: AUDREY (cont'd) (BEAT) Mama?
64) 29) text: If Sandra hears her daughter, it doesn't show in her face Tears well up in Audrey's eyes as she moves away from her mother. But we HOLD here and... DRIFT DOWN BEHIND THE CHAIR TO REVEAL Sandra's hands are loosening the bonds. BLOOD TRICKLES from where the rope's cut through her skin.
67) 0) text: Jeep and Bob enter the diner to see Michael helping Charl to her feet, while Audrey continues to pace, the bundle o bloody blankets cradled in her arms.
67) 18) text: Charlie, shaken by this revelation, reaches out to Audrey
67) 20) text: Audrey moves to hand over the baby to Charlie...
67) 28) dialog: Mom!
67) 62) text: And that's when Jeep opens his hand to find the KEYS to Michael's Police Cruiser. Jeep looks up from the keys to see Charlie, Audrey and th baby. The responsibility crashing in on him. Then he clos his hand around the keys, determination building.
68) 0) text: Audrey and Jeep push the desk away from the door. Charlie opens it.    Sand swirls in around her. And Jeep leads the trio out the door.
70) 0) text: Audrey and Jeep help Charlie quickly move around the side the diner where the cruiser is parked. They are buffeted winds and sand. Jeep puts Charlie and the baby into the front passenger s while Audrey hustles in back.
71) 18) text: Charlie places it onto the seat. Audrey fishes around in the backseat.
71) 19) dialog: (holding up each item) Okay, all I got is a flare gun thing. Looks like we got a box of flares to go with it.
71) 21) dialog: I can try.
71) 23) text: Audrey anxiously sets about loading the flare gun.
73) 1) dialog: Go faster!
79) 0) text: From the back seat, Audrey watches the fire recede into t distance.
79) 1) dialog: I can't believe it.   Is it really over...?
82) 10) dialog: We're here.
84) 0) text: Jeep, Charlie and Audrey slip frantically down in their s as the roof presses down at them. The windows BURST. Jeep grabs the Glock and fires wildly up at the roof.
86) 0) text: With tremendous strength, Gabriel pulls his upper body through the broken back window toward Audrey.
86) 1) dialog: Jeep!
86) 6) text: Audrey desperately tries to load a flare while avoiding Gabriel's grasp. Jeep can't get off another shot without risk of hitting Audrey. Gabriel is almost entirely in the car now. Audrey swings the flare gun toward Gabriel, but he knocks hand aside just as she pulls the trigger and the flare go off INSIDE THE CAR! Jeep ducks. The CAR SWERVES MADLY. The flare RICOCHETS through the cabin, lighting it up like the Fourth of July Gabriel lunges for Charlie just as the flare bounces off windshield - PING! - and nails him right in the face, SET HIS HAIR ABLAZE. And that gives Jeep the chance to swing around and FIRE. BOOM! Gabriel is blown back partially through the rear window. He holds onto the car with an iron grip. Starts t pull himself back in. Nothing slows this guy down. Jeep pulls the trigger again and...CLICK.    No bullets! Audrey frantically reloads the flare gun. Brings it up to fire, but he's too fast! WHACK! Gabriel knocks her into t side of the car with a sweep of his hand. She's out cold.
86) 13) dialog: Get off her, you fucking asshole!
86) 14) text: Audrey leaps onto Gabriel, pulling him away from Charlie in time. He flails wildly about but this young girl rides him like one helluva a cowboy. 100...110...120...
86) 15) dialog: Do it, Jeep! Do it now!