4) 2) dialog: You okay, Jeep?
4) 3) text: Jeep turns to see CHARLIE, a very pregnant girl of about twenty, standing in the trailer doorway, rubbing the slee from her eyes. Even with the trailer-trash veneer, she's strikingly beautiful.
4) 9) dialog: (stepping out of the trailer, hands on her
4) 12) dialog: Another bad dream?
4) 14) dialog: It's just stress, Jeep, that's all. You do too much worryin'. About this place. About your dad. (BEAT) About me...
4) 17) dialog: See what I mean? You're worried about a girl eight months pregnant and it isn't even your baby. Now that's enough to give anybody nightmares.
4) 20) dialog: (turns him back around) C'mon, I was only kiddin'. You know how much I appreciate everything you and Bob are doing for me, but a month from now, this baby'll have a new family and I'll have to start thinkin' about what the hell I'm doin' with my life.
4) 27) dialog: Jeep, I'm not ready to be a mama. Christ, I can barely take care of myself as it is.
4) 29) text: Charlie smiles sadly at him, touched by his sweetness, bu this just isn't where she's at.
4) 30) dialog: You gotta stop carryin' the weight of the world on your shoulders.
4) 32) dialog: (rubbing her arms) Now can we go back in? I'm freezing my ass off out here.
4) 34) text: Charlie kisses him on the cheek and heads back to the trailer. He watches her, longing in his eyes. With the clank of the door, she's gone. And over Jeep's troubled look, the perennial holiday chee FRANK CAPRA'S "IT'S A WONDERFUL LIFE" MIXES up.
7) 6) text: He checks his cell phone again. No chance of a signal way out here. So he shuffles around to the side of the diner search of a pay phone. The good news is that he finds one.   The bad news is tha it's been broken for ten years. Leaning next to the broken phone, however, is Charlie wea a shabby, faded WAITRESS uniform stretched tight around h very pregnant belly. Adding to her perfect mother-to-be l is that cigarette dangling from her lips. The plastic nam tag pinned to her chest says "CHARLIE".
7) 11) dialog: Guess I should think `bout quittin' then.
7) 13) dialog: You can buy a whole pack inside.
7) 17) dialog: (peers at the map) Only if nowhere's right, `cause that's where you are.
7) 23) dialog: Bob'll probably let you use the diner phone if you ask him real nice...And pay `im somethin'.
7) 25) dialog: Yeah, we got a buttermilk stack for three seventy-five. We also got french toast for four dollars if you're into that. I personally like the pancakes though.
7) 28) dialog: Yeah, I'm okay. This guy's just lost.
7) 29) text: Jeep nods, uncertain, eyes Kyle another moment, then he shuffles along out of sight. Charlie brings the cigarette back up to her lips. An awkward beat.
8) 0) text: The DOOR JINGLES.   Charlie and Kyle enter. Audrey's eyes light up when she sees Kyle. He notices her well. How couldn't he? She's directing every ounce of sex appeal she has in his direction. Her parents, on the other hand, shoot a look of utter fea Kyle's direction, as if he personified their worst suburb nightmare. Charlie heads to the register. Digs out a fresh pack of smokes from underneath the counter.
8) 5) dialog: I hope Salem Lights are okay, `cause that's all we got left.
8) 12) dialog: (gestures to the diner) Bob, do you see where am I right now? Can my condition really get any worse? `Sides, you ain't one to talk.
8) 14) dialog: Yeah, so why you still carryin' that fancy lighter `round for?
11) 14) dialog: That's for sure.
11) 17) dialog: Where do I start?
11) 19) dialog: Yeah, in the Fifties.
11) 27) dialog: Don't look like a test.
11) 35) text: Kyle hustles passed Percy. Charlie is standing by the Anderson's table, clearing dis Everybody's eyes are locked on the TV.
13) 13) dialog: Percy's right. I didn't feel nothing.
15) 1) dialog: Have a seat wherever you want, Ma'am. Specials are on the board.
15) 3) text: The old lady settles at a table across from the Andersons She smiles at them pleasantly. Charlie is about to hand her a menu, when:
15) 5) dialog: Okay, what'll it be?
15) 11) dialog: And how'd you like that cooked?
15) 13) dialog: Coming right up.
15) 15) dialog: Yeah.
15) 17) dialog: So they say. I'll be right back with your water.
15) 39) text: Across the diner, Charlie places a bloody red steak in fr of Gladys.
15) 44) text: Charlie rests a hand on her belly.
15) 45) dialog: Just about there.
15) 47) dialog: I wouldn't know.
15) 49) dialog: Out of sight. Out of mind.
15) 51) text: A fly lands on Gladys's steak. Charlie tries to wave it away. But another one lands in its place.
15) 52) dialog: Nope.
15) 53) text: Gladys starts to dig in to the steak with a real ferociousness you wouldn't expect from an old lady.   Mor FLIES begin to land on her body. On her food. Charlie is still trying to wave them away.
15) 55) dialog: No, I prefer it that way. I don't a need a man tellin' me what to do.
15) 57) dialog: I've got it under control.
15) 59) text: Charlie freezes. The Andersons turn to look as well.   Ky glances over from the counter.
15) 60) dialog: What did you just say?
15) 66) text: Charlie shakes her head at the woman, not giving in.
15) 67) dialog: Go to hell, lady.
15) 70) dialog: Total fucking Jesus freak.
15) 117) text: A few feet away, Charlie helps Bob, bruised and bleeding, his feet.
20) 10) text: JEEP (cont'd) Or Charlie...She would've killed me if it wasn't for...
21) 0) text: Bob and Jeep appear from the back, as Kyle, Percy, Audrey Sandra carry Howard into the diner, all of them stumbling gasping for air. Charlie moves in to help. Percy races for the back.
21) 6) text: Bob's about to respond when he hears the BUZZING. Bob, Charlie and Jeep slowly approach the windows to see
22) 0) text: Percy and Charlie are tending to Howard. Sandra is holdin her husband's hand, trying to comfort him, while Audrey watches from a distance with grim fascination.
22) 3) dialog: (nods, peakish, to
24) 0) text: Charlie's face lights up when she sees the police car.
24) 1) dialog: Oh, thank God, the police!
25) 0) text: The door of the POLICE CAR OPENS as Charlie races from th diner. The three men see her moving toward the car.    Jeep's fa goes slack.
25) 29) dialog: We don't know anything. Nothing's working here. The TV, the radio, the phone...
25) 32) text: Michael steps toward Charlie with a sense of purpose, but blocks his path, brandishing the shotgun.
25) 39) dialog: Let `em go!
25) 40) text: Michael's eyes flit momentarily in Charlie's direction. Considering her. The diner door opens and Percy steps cautiously out with and hook held up to show no threat. He's followed by Sand and Audrey. Michael sees them, but offers no indication that he cares
25) 69) text: He slams the trunk closed and approaches Charlie.   He co Glock and hands it to her.
25) 71) text: He gives her a hard look.   She nods nervously.   Trustin but not sure why. Michael marches into the diner. Kyle glances quickly at t others, then he bolts after Michael. Percy follows.   Then Charlie. Now it's only Jeep and his father left.
28) 0) text: Jeep faces the boarded up front door, awkwardly holding t MP5, trying to assume a tough guy posture. If only he cou stop shaking, it might be believable. Charlie and Audrey peer between the slats covering the windows. The ICE CREAM TRUCK'S HEADLIGHTS fan across the diner. Audrey and Charlie back away from the windows. Charlie stops next to Jeep. Senses him shaking. Rests a hand on his arm. And that seems to help...a little. Howard smiles weakly at the familiar sound of the CALLIOP
30) 0) text: Hiding in the shadows... listening to sounds of WAR just outside. Sandra squeezes her hands over her ears.   A few feet awa Audrey clutches a butcher's knife. Jeep's eyes darting from one window to another.   Trying keep it together. Charlie is crouched down behind the counter, holding the handgun close to her pregnant belly. Distant EXPLOSIONS rattle the plates on the shelves. Charlie peers out from behind the counter to look at the front windows. Momentary FLASHES of intense light outline the closed bli Another FLASH lights up Charlie's face.    Staring.
32) 0) text: ON CHARLIE staring at the window.    CLOSER.   Charlie's wide as -- SMASH!   A DARK SHAPE crashes through the window.    Glas sand and dust swirl in. Audrey and Sandra SCREAM. Charlie springs up from her hiding place, gun ready. Jeep spins around, pointing his gun, searching franticall for the intruder. It's so dark!
32) 17) text: Charlie and Audrey rush to Sandra's side, grabbing Howard arms. Jeep is right behind them ready to fire at the creature, with the women in the way, he can't get a clear shot. So discards the gun and grabs Howard's arms. Howard screams as his body is torturously stretched.   A tug-of-war.
32) 21) text: Howard's torso is almost entirely out the window. Charlie daringly reaches for Howard's belt, desperate to gain leverage.
32) 25) text: And he starts to pull her arm even harder...Other creatur suddenly notice her as well, focusing their attack as if alone was their target. Jeep immediately let's go of Howard and dives for Charlie grabbing her free arm just before she's pulled through.
34) 0) text: Only a few more inches separate Charlie and certain death through the window. Jeep's losing her!
34) 10) text: As Charlie climbs slowly to her feet -- a sudden pain. clutches her belly. Winces. Jeep catches her arm to steady her.
34) 11) dialog: (RECOVERING) I'm okay. I'm fine.
34) 13) dialog: Thanks...
34) 15) text: Charlie doesn't know how to respond.      She's about to something when -- Kyle rushes into the room.       A smile on his face.
34) 54) dialog: He brings them here and then he saves us from them? You're a genius, Bob.
34) 58) text: Charlie reacts in shock, as all eyes are suddenly on her.
34) 59) dialog: Me?!   Why me?!
34) 61) text: In response to that, Charlie does the only thing someone do when told such a thing. She LAUGHS.
34) 62) dialog: No way!
34) 63) text: But Michael isn't joking and Charlie's laughter becomes genuine fear.
34) 68) dialog: (STUNNED) Jesus Christ...
34) 70) text: Jeep stares at Charlie, as if suddenly his entire life is starting to make sense.
34) 73) dialog: Go fuck yourself, Bob!
34) 75) dialog: (approaches Michael, panic setting in) Look, this is not possible! I'm just a waitress! I'm nobody! I can't give birth to the Savior of Mankind! (and finally) I don't even own a car!
34) 79) dialog: That can't be. I'm only eight months pregnant.
34) 87) text: At this Charlie goes white, the realization hitting her.
34) 88) dialog: It's coming soon, isn't it?
34) 89) text: Michael nods. Charlie sways on her feet.   Jeep rests a hand on her shoulder, steadying her. With a CLANK Michael re-arms his weapon, turns to the gro with finality.
34) 94) text: Jeep looks anxiously at Charlie, silent, scared, and then follows after Michael, leaving Charlie to stare at the SHATTERED WINDOW, the blinds flipping wildly in the wind.
42) 0) text: The SHOUTING from the back office awakens the rest of the sleepers. Percy springs up. Charlie is shaking Jeep.
44) 2) text: And that's when the speed ACCELERATES TO NORMAL -- -- and the boils covering Howard's body explode -- sprayi streams of dark fluid toward Sandra -- -- just at the moment Percy spins around her, shielding h from the spray, which hits him in the back. But he's not stopping. Percy pushes Sandra back into the diner, the do SLAMMING closed behind them. Percy releases Sandra, letting her stumble hysterically i the room. Kyle and Jeep grab her, forcing her to the grou But she's not fighting anymore. Charlie turns to look at Percy who is still standing with back to the door, breathing heavily.
44) 7) dialog: Percy?
46) 0) text: Michael and Bob are tying Sandra to a chair. Not like it looks like she's capable of going anywhere, but you never know. Across the diner, Charlie eyes Michael cautiously. Michae never goes for more than a few moments without looking up her. It's not lecherous. More like a protective father making sure his child hasn't strayed too far. In a booth, Audrey watches, red-eyed, as Michael restrain her mother. Then she returns her attention to Percy's rad Tuning. Trying to find something, anything in the STATIC.
46) 12) dialog: That can't be more than an hour up the highway from here.
46) 21) text: Bob looks over at Charlie, defeated. She shakes her head, anger building. She sweeps some plates off the counter an races for the bathroom.
47) 0) text: Charlie stands at the sink, cigarette to her lips, water running, stealing a private moment. She takes a deep drag feels the smoke filling her lungs, defiant. Then she catches a look at herself in the mirror, runs he hand along the curvature of her belly. Tears well up in h eyes, fear and anger overtaking her. She stamps out the cigarette in a fit of frustration.
48) 2) text: Charlie looks up to see Jeep sit down across from her.
48) 3) dialog: Hey...
48) 10) dialog: You mean besides the fact that I just found out that I'm the mother of the Messiah?
48) 12) dialog: Crazy thing is...I didn't want this baby. I even went down to the clinic, you know that? (off Jeep's reaction:) I remember sitting there in the waiting room, absolutely sure I was doin' the right thing...And that's when the feeling started. Like I was falling into the deepest, darkest hole imaginable. I couldn't breathe, I couldn't speak. I kept thinking this must be what death is like. And when finally they called my name, I ran. (BEAT) For a while after that I tried pretending that it was just cold feet, that I could go back if I wanted to, that I could decide to end it like I'd planned. Then I'd start to have that feeling again and I knew I didn't have a choice. Somehow this had already been decided. And it made me hate this thing that's been growing inside me.
48) 16) dialog: How come you have so much faith in me, Jeep? God knows I've never given you or anybody else a reason to. Or is it that you just can't find any other hard-luck case to follow around?
48) 23) text: And with that, Jeep walks away, leaving Charlie to stare after him, disturbed and surprised by his response.
50) 4) text: Jeep and Michael move to look through the slats at the window. Charlie is giving Sandra some water through a straw. Bob wanders in, squinting at the sudden presence of light
52) 2) dialog: We have to get `im back in here!
54) 2) dialog: Oh, no.   Audrey...
56) 0) text: Panic. Charlie rushes to Michael's side.
56) 1) dialog: Do you have no heart?!     She's just a kid!
56) 3) dialog: You can't let her die! (grabbing a gun from the
56) 5) text: Charlie COCKS the gun, moves toward the door.
56) 10) text: Charlie looks back at him, defiant.   No one breathes.
56) 12) text: Bob springs into action, clearing the door and flipping t dead bolt. The door is opened and Michael charges passed Charlie and out into hell.
58) 2) dialog: Michael!
58) 5) dialog: I'll get some water!
58) 6) text: Charlie dashes behind the counter to the sink.    She fil a pitcher of water. She turns away from the sink with the filled pitcher... And SCREAMS! The YOUNG BOY with the lifeless white eyes stands before wielding an ENORMOUS BUTCHER'S KNIFE. The pitcher shatters LOUDLY on the floor. The boy swings the knife at her, slicing open the waitres outfit covering her pregnant belly. Charlie tumbles back to the ground behind the counter. Sh frantically pushes herself away from the approaching boy.
58) 12) text: That's it.    She's backed against the end of the counter The boy raises the knife to strike. Charlie grabs a baking pan off a shelf. Swings it out in front of her body like a shield, as the KNIFE IS DRIVEN D CLANG! The knife hits the pan hard and stops. But the boy hands don't. They slip off the handle and run right down blade. The knife CLATTERS to the ground. The boy instinctively raises his hands to strike again, b there's no knife. Charlie watches in horror as the boy calmly realizes that THUMBS ARE MISSING. Blood sprays from the stumps. Charlie pulls her legs in close then rockets them out at boy's chest. He's catapulted away from her. Michael leaps over the counter, landing in front of Charl guns ready for action. But the boy is gone.
58) 14) text: Charlie shakes her head no.
58) 15) dialog: Where is he?!
58) 35) text: Jeep and Bob whip up their guns as Michael throws the wic creature into the air. Sandra's vacant face flickers in the light as the SOUND O GUNFIRE AND INHUMAN SCREAMING fill the diner. And then in moments...      All is QUIET. BEHIND THE COUNTER, Audrey helps Charlie to her feet. WINCES. Doubles over, clutching her stomach.
58) 36) dialog: Oh, no!
58) 37) text: Michael lowers his flashlight.      CLEAR FLUID runs down Charlie's legs.
59) 0) text: Inky darkness.   A flickering light emanates from within diner. TITLE:   "December 25th - 3:33am" The sound of CHARLIE'S SCREAM, carries us to:
60) 0) text: Charlie, drenched in sweat is writhing on the ground with Michael holding down her arms and Audrey kneeling between legs. Pots of steaming water surround them.
61) 0) text: Bob and Jeep keep watch. The SPECTRAL LIGHTS in the distance seem to be growing la -- closer. Charlie's SCREAMING rises up from below.
62) 6) text: Charlie pushes, tears streaming down her face, delirious pain. It's a gruesome, bloody affair. It's getting close.
64) 0) text: Amidst the dirt and darkness, Charlie lets out a final agonizing SCREAM... ...and then comes a BABY'S CRIES.   Audrey, eyes wide, ho up the CHILD. Stunned. Elated.
64) 2) text: Audrey places the child in Charlie's arms. She stares at baby, holding it at a distance, unsure of whether to embr it or be terrified by it. A commitment she's not yet read to make, even at this late hour.
64) 4) text: Charlie looks to Audrey, tears streaming down her face.
64) 5) dialog: I don't...I...
64) 8) text: Audrey nods, takes the baby back from Charlie, tries to soothe him by pacing around the diner.
64) 14) text: Another DRONE OF THE HORN RATTLES THE WALLS.      Menacin Closer. Audrey   reacts, crosses to the counter, turns on the rad trying   to drown out the sound of the approaching menace of the   STATIC, the haunting sounds of BING CROSBY singi SILENT   NIGHT fills the room. The quiet before the storm Michael helps Charlie quickly clean herself up.     She s at him, a burning spite in her eyes.
64) 15) dialog: So are we safe now?   Is it over?
64) 18) dialog: And what happens until then...?
64) 20) text: Charlie shakes her head, this is all too much.
64) 21) dialog: What makes you think I can do that? What makes you think I want to do that? If he's so important, why don't you take him?
64) 23) text: Off Charlie's look, we move across the diner where Audrey approaches her mother, kneels down in front of her. Despi how much her mother pisses her off, it breaks her heart t see her in such a demoralized state.
67) 13) text: Michael nods grimly.    Charlie looks urgently at Michael
67) 14) dialog: What's he talking about?
67) 16) dialog: Michael, what the hell's he talking about?!
67) 18) text: Charlie, shaken by this revelation, reaches out to Audrey
67) 19) dialog: Audrey...?
67) 20) text: Audrey moves to hand over the baby to Charlie...
67) 34) dialog: Give him to me!
67) 36) text: Charlie stares at her in horror, the truth of those words rattling her to the very core.
67) 37) dialog: No...   I...
67) 47) text: Bob charges at the creature, sub-machine gun blazing. Gabriel reacts by instantly UNFOLDING HIS WINGS and launc himself into the air. The bullets clawing up the wall beh him. But Bob's heroic move has given Jeep time to get up and r with the baby for the back of the diner. He thrusts the child into Charlie's hands. And without even thinking, sh pulls the child protectively to her chest.
67) 62) text: And that's when Jeep opens his hand to find the KEYS to Michael's Police Cruiser. Jeep looks up from the keys to see Charlie, Audrey and th baby. The responsibility crashing in on him. Then he clos his hand around the keys, determination building.
67) 67) text: Charlie looks past Jeep to see Michael returning to the f
67) 68) dialog: Wait!     We can't leave him!
67) 70) text: He pulls Charlie past the counter toward the back office. Jeep stops when he sees his father's broken body lying on ground by the stove in a pool of his own blood. Bob's half open eyes focus on his son. In his outstretche hand is that goddamn ZIPPO LIGHTER... and next to that, a BROKEN GAS PIPE leading to the stove. Jeep is terrified.
68) 0) text: Audrey and Jeep push the desk away from the door. Charlie opens it.    Sand swirls in around her. And Jeep leads the trio out the door.
70) 0) text: Audrey and Jeep help Charlie quickly move around the side the diner where the cruiser is parked. They are buffeted winds and sand. Jeep puts Charlie and the baby into the front passenger s while Audrey hustles in back.
71) 1) dialog: Come on, Jeep!
71) 3) text: Jeep gives it some gas, but the ENGINE'S NOT CATCHING. A DARK SHAPE POUNCES ONTO THE HOOD OF THE CAR. The light catches it, revealing the disfigured face and beard of a SHOPPING MALL SANTA CLAUS, his oversized belly gruesomely distended. Charlie screams.
71) 15) text: Jeep places his Glock on the dash. He sees that he's got police issue shotgun in the front seat rack. Charlie searches under her seat.   Pulls out a...GRENADE.
71) 16) dialog: Is this what I think it is?
71) 18) text: Charlie places it onto the seat. Audrey fishes around in the backseat.
73) 3) text: Charlie's desperately trying to soothe her SCREAMING baby ON THE AIR VENTS as FLIES start crawling in.
75) 0) text: Charlie is struggling to close the air vents to stop the inflow of BUZZING insects. It's not working! She looks to Jeep in desperation, but something more frightening catches her attention. The INTRICATE WRITING is beginning to appear on Jeep's ar snaking its way up from his wrists like VINES.
75) 1) dialog: Jeep, your arm!
75) 3) dialog: What is it?
77) 1) dialog: The swarm, it's fading!
82) 0) text: Charlie cradles the baby, apprehensive. The baby looks up her, smiles. She can't help but smile back at him. Jeep eyes her.
82) 6) text: Charlie looks over, feels his lingering anger.
82) 7) dialog: Look, I'm sorry for what I said to you earlier, `bout you following me around. I didn't mean it.
82) 9) text: Charlie's reacts, a bit stung. Jeep tries to hide his pleasure that the tables have turn at least a little. Charlie is about to respond when Audre leans in from the back seat.
84) 0) text: Jeep, Charlie and Audrey slip frantically down in their s as the roof presses down at them. The windows BURST. Jeep grabs the Glock and fires wildly up at the roof.
86) 6) text: Audrey desperately tries to load a flare while avoiding Gabriel's grasp. Jeep can't get off another shot without risk of hitting Audrey. Gabriel is almost entirely in the car now. Audrey swings the flare gun toward Gabriel, but he knocks hand aside just as she pulls the trigger and the flare go off INSIDE THE CAR! Jeep ducks. The CAR SWERVES MADLY. The flare RICOCHETS through the cabin, lighting it up like the Fourth of July Gabriel lunges for Charlie just as the flare bounces off windshield - PING! - and nails him right in the face, SET HIS HAIR ABLAZE. And that gives Jeep the chance to swing around and FIRE. BOOM! Gabriel is blown back partially through the rear window. He holds onto the car with an iron grip. Starts t pull himself back in. Nothing slows this guy down. Jeep pulls the trigger again and...CLICK.    No bullets! Audrey frantically reloads the flare gun. Brings it up to fire, but he's too fast! WHACK! Gabriel knocks her into t side of the car with a sweep of his hand. She's out cold.
86) 10) text: Now he's clawing his way unobstructed toward Charlie agai Jeep knows there's only one thing to do.
86) 12) text: Charlie pushes herself and the baby down on the floor in front of the passenger seat. Jeep PUNCHES IT.   The speedometer leaps ahead. 70...80...90... Gabriel's now completely in the car.   They're helpless. Gabriel lunges over the passenger seat, grasping for Char his ferocious hand only inches from her and the baby, whe
86) 14) text: Audrey leaps onto Gabriel, pulling him away from Charlie in time. He flails wildly about but this young girl rides him like one helluva a cowboy. 100...110...120...
88) 0) text: Jeep's side of the car is crushed.   Blood is running dow forehead. Charlie crawls up from the floor.
88) 1) dialog: C'mon, Jeep!
88) 6) dialog: Jeep!
88) 9) dialog: Alive.
88) 11) dialog: Nothing could have survived that.
88) 13) dialog: She saved us, Jeep. Audrey saved us. Now c'mon, we gotta go!
88) 14) text: Charlie, the baby bundled in her hands, leads Jeep away f the demolished Cruiser.
89) 0) text: Jeep and Charlie, battered and bruised, struggle to make long climb up the ridge. Charlie looks up. STARS completely fill the pre-dawn sky.   Breathtaking.
89) 1) dialog: How can this happen?
89) 3) dialog: How can this happen in a world so beautiful?
89) 13) text: Jeep's feet dangle. His eyes bulge out. He claws at Gabriel's iron-fast grip, but there's no hope. Charlie watches in horror.
89) 14) dialog: Stop!   Please! Don't kill him!
89) 22) dialog: Stop it!   I'LL GIVE YOU THE BABY!
89) 23) text: This gets Gabriel's attention. Charlie climbs to her feet, holding the bloody bundle out him.
89) 24) dialog: I don't want this responsibility!
89) 27) text: Gabriel takes the bundle from Charlie, turning away from
89) 29) text: He peels the cloth back, revealing... THE GRENADE. He spins around to face Charlie. She's holding the pin.
90) 0) text: Jeep and Charlie stand overlooking the desert valley belo ON THEIR FACES, reacting to what they see. Charlie takes Jeep's hand in hers.
90) 6) dialog: Yep, we sure did.
90) 13) text: He glances at Charlie.    Worry in her eyes.
90) 14) dialog: What if we're on our own now?
90) 17) text: At those words, Charlie looks deep into Jeep's eyes. confidence in them she's never seen before. And she leans in and kisses him.      Tender. When they part, Jeep stares back at her with surprise. the surprise melts into a smile. And they descend the ridge...out of sight, leaving us wit view once again of --
91) 2) text: Charlie sits across from him, the baby cradled in her arm It's strange, but you might actually mistake them for a h family. Of course you'll have to ignore the ARSENAL OF WEAPONRY in the back seat.
91) 4) text: Jeep glances over at Charlie and the baby.   He smiles at image of maternal bliss.