67) 45) text: Michael fires again.   Blowing Sandra's body back through doorway. Jeep watches the baby sail SLOWLY through the air. The time for Jeep to act is now! Jeep DIVES for the baby...catching the bundle of rags mer inches from the ground! And then he looks up to see... The dark SILHOUETTE OF A MAN approaching from out of the spectral light. A MAN WITH WINGS. Jeep's eyes grow wide as the FIERCE ANGEL steps into the diner. But this looks like no angel we've seen before. This is a creature built for war. Rough hewn, battle scarred. His body armor making him appear disturbingly insect like. His wings are not feathery or gentle. Rather they are hard, mechanical, an organic machine. The angel's wings retract with clockwork-like precision. And now that we see the his face clearly, we notice his striking resemblance to Michael. We might even mistake th for brothers. His name is GABRIEL. Gabriel raises a massive, ferocious, strangely mechanical looking MACE in his powerful hands. And the world returns to NORMAL SPEED as Gabriel brings t mace arcing down at Jeep. Jeep rolls! CLANG! The weapon just misses him, hitting th floor in a spray of sparks, literally CRACKING THE GROUND Gabriel brings the mace up again.   Jeep won't be so luck twice.
67) 47) text: Bob charges at the creature, sub-machine gun blazing. Gabriel reacts by instantly UNFOLDING HIS WINGS and launc himself into the air. The bullets clawing up the wall beh him. But Bob's heroic move has given Jeep time to get up and r with the baby for the back of the diner. He thrusts the child into Charlie's hands. And without even thinking, sh pulls the child protectively to her chest.
67) 51) text: Gabriel drops down in front of Bob, whipping his wings ar like a deadly, RAZOR SHARP FAN! Bob stops firing, a look of surprise stretches over his f His gun falling from his hands. Blood begins to pour out of the slice across his belly.
67) 53) text: With a sweep of his hand, Gabriel sends Bob flying across diner where he crashes down behind the counter near the stove. Michael GRABS JEEP'S HAND before the boy can rush back in the fray.
67) 60) text: Michael lets go of Jeep's hand and turns away to face Gabriel, leaving Jeep to contemplate those final words.
69) 0) text: Michael and Gabriel square off in the diner, not like enemies, but like brothers on opposite sides of a terribl family conflict.
69) 6) dialog: Unlike you...the rebellious son. (noticing Michael's scars) Pity about your wings. They would have helped you now.
69) 8) dialog: You think you can defy Him and not pay the price?
69) 10) dialog: Yours is a fool's sacrifice. You can help them sneak out the back door, but they won't escape. (BEAT) And neither will you, brother.
69) 11) text: Michael slowly approaches Gabriel.
69) 13) text: Gabriel hesitates, doubt clouding his face.    This was n what he was expecting.
69) 15) text: A beat, then Gabriel's expression hardens.
69) 16) dialog: There is no other way...
69) 21) text: It's mace against machine gun and strangely enough, it se under Gabriel's deft control, the mace is the vastly supe weapon. With the aid of his wings, Gabriel moves with staggering speed, defying gravity to avoid the rain of bullets. The place is getting absolutely shot to hell. Michael leaps from table top to table top as Gabriel brin the mace brutally down -- splintering everything it touch Michael leaps onto the last unbroken table top -- spins t fire. Gabriel pushes into the air, jabbing a spike straig into the barrel of Michael's MP5. The gun explodes in Michael's hands, sending him rocketing backwards where he lands on the counter. Gabriel swoops in fast. Michael kicks him in the chest, sending him fluttering back. Michael thrusts himself to his feet.   Gabriel recovers, again. Michael grabs a hold of Bob's ceiling mounted TV for supp and lifts his body just above the deadly spike. Michael kicks Gabriel in the head, momentarily stunning h Michael dives at Gabriel, landing an awesome flurry of punches. Gabriel is rattled back by the assault.   He clumsily lif his mace and thrusts with it. Michael narrowly evades the razor point, which drives int wall. Michael smashes down on Gabriel's wrist, CRACKING the bon A swift kick to the chest and Gabriel is thrust crashing back, losing his grip on the weapon. Michael takes a running leap onto Gabriel's back. Gabriel launches wildly into the air, trying to throw Mic off. They hit the ceiling, but Michael hangs on. Choking the life out of Gabriel.
72) 0) text: Gabriel flies into a wall in an attempt to crush Michael. fails that but succeeds in leaving a massive dent. Gabriel runs/flies for the opposite wall. This one doesn' hold and the two enemies crash through it into the bathro Unbelievably Michael is still holding on. Gabriel is up. He thrusts himself back into the bathroom mirror. It shatters painfully behind Michael. Gabriel rages out of the bathroom and into the diner. Michael continues to ride him like a wild bull. Gabriel slams Michael into a wall once more.   It's a bru struggle. Gabriel spots his mace sticking out of the wall within ar reach. He grabs it, holding it futilely in front of him. From th angle he'd never be able to hit Michael with it. Gabriel' strength is giving way. Michael is winning. Gabriel lets out a tremendous ROAR and plunges one of the mace's long spikes into his own stomach. Michael's eyes g wide with surprise, his grip loosens. Gabriel has run the both through. Gabriel rips the mace from his body and stumbles forward. Blood pours from a huge hole in Michael's chest.   Right through his heart. Gabriel looks down at the hole in his own belly. Not near as bad as Michael's. Apparently there's not a lot of bloo left in this guy. Michael falls to his knees.   Weakening. Gabriel looms over Michael.   Michael looks up at him, bl leaking from his mouth.
72) 1) dialog: You always wanted to live like one of them...Now you'll know how it feels to die like one of them.
72) 2) text: Gabriel raises the mighty mace above his head. Michael closes his eyes.   Submitting. The mace comes swinging down...
74) 0) text: Gabriel is looking down upon Michael's broken body. Something is happening to his skin. The DARK WRITING THAT COVERS HIS BODY is beginning UN-WRITE itself and DISAPPEA
76) 0) text: Gabriel watches as the last of the writing FADES from Michael's body when he hears a faint CLICKING sound from somewhere in the diner. Gabriel moves gracefully through the destroyed diner, tow the source of the CLICKING. He steps behind the counter and finds Bob lying in a mass pool of blood. It takes the creature a moment to realize that the CLICKI sound is coming from Bob's SILVER ZIPPO. Bob is focusing every last ounce of life in his body to lighting that lighter. CLICK... CLICK... CLICK... Bob looks at Gabriel.
76) 2) text: And with one last brush of his thumb, Bob's trusty ZIPPO IGNITES. Gabriel's eyes go wide as the TINY FLAME DANCES in front the stove's broken gas line. Gabriel spins and runs like hell as the gas explodes.
85) 0) text: Gabriel takes a direct hit in the thigh, causing him to s off the roof and onto the trunk where he grabs a hold of rear window frame for support.
86) 0) text: With tremendous strength, Gabriel pulls his upper body through the broken back window toward Audrey.
86) 4) text: BLAM! Gabriel takes one in the shoulder, but it doesn't s him down.
86) 6) text: Audrey desperately tries to load a flare while avoiding Gabriel's grasp. Jeep can't get off another shot without risk of hitting Audrey. Gabriel is almost entirely in the car now. Audrey swings the flare gun toward Gabriel, but he knocks hand aside just as she pulls the trigger and the flare go off INSIDE THE CAR! Jeep ducks. The CAR SWERVES MADLY. The flare RICOCHETS through the cabin, lighting it up like the Fourth of July Gabriel lunges for Charlie just as the flare bounces off windshield - PING! - and nails him right in the face, SET HIS HAIR ABLAZE. And that gives Jeep the chance to swing around and FIRE. BOOM! Gabriel is blown back partially through the rear window. He holds onto the car with an iron grip. Starts t pull himself back in. Nothing slows this guy down. Jeep pulls the trigger again and...CLICK.    No bullets! Audrey frantically reloads the flare gun. Brings it up to fire, but he's too fast! WHACK! Gabriel knocks her into t side of the car with a sweep of his hand. She's out cold.
86) 12) text: Charlie pushes herself and the baby down on the floor in front of the passenger seat. Jeep PUNCHES IT.   The speedometer leaps ahead. 70...80...90... Gabriel's now completely in the car.   They're helpless. Gabriel lunges over the passenger seat, grasping for Char his ferocious hand only inches from her and the baby, whe
86) 14) text: Audrey leaps onto Gabriel, pulling him away from Charlie in time. He flails wildly about but this young girl rides him like one helluva a cowboy. 100...110...120...
89) 12) dialog: So brave. So pointless. You should have worried more about saving yourself.
89) 13) text: Jeep's feet dangle. His eyes bulge out. He claws at Gabriel's iron-fast grip, but there's no hope. Charlie watches in horror.
89) 15) text: But Gabriel is doing just that. Jeep is rapidly losing consciousness. The battle is lost.
89) 16) dialog: Go to sleep...
89) 23) text: This gets Gabriel's attention. Charlie climbs to her feet, holding the bloody bundle out him.
89) 25) text: Tears run down her face.   She's dead fucking serious. Gabriel lets go of Jeep.   He falls to the ground, gaspin desperately for air.
89) 27) text: Gabriel takes the bundle from Charlie, turning away from
89) 28) dialog: "And as the child's cries are extinguished, an eternal darkness at last descended upon the world."