5) 12) dialog: You're right. It is disgusting.
5) 13) text: Watching the scintillating action from a booth across the diner is a conservatively dressed SUBURBAN COUPLE. SANDRA and HOWARD ANDERSON. Fish out of water.
5) 15) dialog: I don't know. Why don't we just ask her?
5) 17) dialog: (shouting across the
5) 21) text: And with that she turns back to the jukebox. Percy watche the exchange discreetly from behind the counter. Loving i Howard turns back to his wife.   Rigid smile.
5) 22) dialog: I feel satisfied with that answer. I really do.
8) 24) dialog: Excuse me...?
8) 25) text: Howard approaches, oblivious to the conversation he's interrupting.
8) 26) dialog: Any news about when our truck might be fixed? You said your boy would have us on the road two hours ago. The rate we're going, we'll be lucky to make it to Scottsdale by Christmas.
11) 37) dialog: I'm sure it's a mistake.
12) 10) dialog: Maybe there was an earthquake?
13) 0) text: Everyone is looking at Howard.
13) 1) dialog: They keep sayin' we're overdue for a big one.
13) 4) dialog: Exactly.    Could be nothing to worry about.
13) 6) dialog: Maybe it just hit the relay stations. Aren't those usually in remote areas?
15) 32) text: Sandra nods at the old woman, unsure of what to make of t response. The fly that was circling her head, now lands on GLADYS'S FACE. It crawls across her cheek without her reacting in least. Howard and Sandra exchange looks.    Creepy. The door JINGLES and Jeep walks in. He heads straight for quiet huddle with Bob. All the while though, he keeps one eye fixed on the old lady sitting at the table near the Andersons. Something about her...
15) 71) text: Gladys begins to laugh innocently as she continues to dev her meat. Red juice drips down her chin. The flies are swarming now. How did so many get in here? Sandra and Howard are mortified at this sudden turn of events.
15) 76) text: Sandra covers her mouth in shock.    Everybody in the din now focused on the old lady. Howard gets up from the booth.
15) 78) text: But Howard's already standing over Gladys.
15) 79) dialog: Who the hell do you think you are, lady?! Now, I'd like you to apologize to my --
15) 113) text: Obeying, she cups her hands over the hole in his neck, desperately trying to stop the flow of blood leaking out between her fingers. Percy scrambles over with a first-ai kit and together he and Kyle get to work on Howard's neck
16) 0) text: Kyle, Percy, Sandra and Audrey frantically carry Howard, neck bandaged, to the back of the Escalade.
17) 0) text: Howard lies in the back seat. Sandra by his head, claspin his hands in hers. Audrey by his feet. Percy rides shotgu Kyle struggles to get the key in the ignition. The engine ROARS to life.
21) 0) text: Bob and Jeep appear from the back, as Kyle, Percy, Audrey Sandra carry Howard into the diner, all of them stumbling gasping for air. Charlie moves in to help. Percy races for the back.
22) 0) text: Percy and Charlie are tending to Howard. Sandra is holdin her husband's hand, trying to comfort him, while Audrey watches from a distance with grim fascination.
22) 5) text: Howard writhes as Percy pours alcohol on the wound. Sandra can't help but stare at Percy's hook. Meanwhile across the diner, Bob and Jeep peel back the tablecloth to examine Gladys' bullet riddled corpse. Kyle stands over them with Bob's shotgun trained on the body - just in case. Gladys is a real horror show. Bones jut out at obtuse ang from her neck -- a result of the blow to her head from Percy's frying pan.
26) 5) dialog: Sandra?    What's happening?
28) 0) text: Jeep faces the boarded up front door, awkwardly holding t MP5, trying to assume a tough guy posture. If only he cou stop shaking, it might be believable. Charlie and Audrey peer between the slats covering the windows. The ICE CREAM TRUCK'S HEADLIGHTS fan across the diner. Audrey and Charlie back away from the windows. Charlie stops next to Jeep. Senses him shaking. Rests a hand on his arm. And that seems to help...a little. Howard smiles weakly at the familiar sound of the CALLIOP
28) 1) dialog: Oh, honey, listen.    It's the Ice Cream Man.
32) 5) text: Suddenly Howard's body is TORN AWAY from Sandra. Somethin got hold of his legs!   That gets Sandra's eyes open!
32) 8) text: Howard screams deliriously as he's dragged rapidly throug the diner toward the broken front window. He flails about desperately trying to grab a hold of something. Sandra scrambles after her husband.   Reaching for him.
32) 10) text: The creature reaches the window. Sandra dives for Howard' outstretched hands. She has him! The creature's progress is abruptly halted at the shatter window.   It turns back toward Sandra -- a shaft of light falling across its face, reveals: A TEENAGE GIRL of about Audrey's age.   Her skin is a dea blue. Her pupils a GHASTLY WHITE.
32) 17) text: Charlie and Audrey rush to Sandra's side, grabbing Howard arms. Jeep is right behind them ready to fire at the creature, with the women in the way, he can't get a clear shot. So discards the gun and grabs Howard's arms. Howard screams as his body is torturously stretched.   A tug-of-war.
32) 21) text: Howard's torso is almost entirely out the window. Charlie daringly reaches for Howard's belt, desperate to gain leverage.
32) 25) text: And he starts to pull her arm even harder...Other creatur suddenly notice her as well, focusing their attack as if alone was their target. Jeep immediately let's go of Howard and dives for Charlie grabbing her free arm just before she's pulled through.
32) 29) text: Without the help, Audrey and Sandra can't hold on any lon Howard is ripped from of his family's hands and out the window.
39) 2) text: But Howard's not there. And everyone else in the diner is still asleep. The drugs have started to wear off... and h fear is returning.
41) 12) text: It sure sounded like Howard.
41) 17) text: Howard. Her husband. Ten feet away from the door.     NAI TO AN UPSIDE-DOWN CROSS. But wait. It gets worse. His skin is covered with horribl black boils. And even worse than that. Howard's boils are breathing. Sandra goes slack with horror.
41) 18) dialog: Help me, please!
41) 19) text: Howard's torn open shirt reveals the BREATHING PUSTULES covering his body. He writhes in slow, excruciating agony
43) 0) text: The ROAR OF WIND ripping off the plain is all that can be heard. ON BOB as his head drops down with drunken fatigue Sleep. RISING OVER HIM TO SEE... Howard nailed to the upside-down cross below.
44) 0) text: Sandra and Audrey are locked in battle. Sandra slaps Audr hard. Audrey stumbles over Kyle and hits the floor. Percy appears in the doorway. Now is her last chance. Sandra whips open the back door a that's when the world hits SLOW MOTION. Howard is there.    A few feet away.   Alive. Sandra races toward him.    Just behind her comes Percy.
44) 2) text: And that's when the speed ACCELERATES TO NORMAL -- -- and the boils covering Howard's body explode -- sprayi streams of dark fluid toward Sandra -- -- just at the moment Percy spins around her, shielding h from the spray, which hits him in the back. But he's not stopping. Percy pushes Sandra back into the diner, the do SLAMMING closed behind them. Percy releases Sandra, letting her stumble hysterically i the room. Kyle and Jeep grab her, forcing her to the grou But she's not fighting anymore. Charlie turns to look at Percy who is still standing with back to the door, breathing heavily.