3) 0) text: Jeep switches on a lamp, illuminating this incredibly cra bedroom. Not much larger than the bed itself. He's got shaggy hair, a sensitive face, clearly not big on sunligh
4) 0) text: A couple of ancient SILVERSTREAM TRAILERS are bathed in t eerie blue light of night's final moments. It looks like trailers haven't moved from this patch of barren ground i decades. A single strand of colored Christmas lights dot trailers roof lines, marking the season. One of the trailer doors CREAKS open and Jeep steps weari out into the cool western morning. Home. Nothing but desert for miles in all directions, save for two lane HIGHWAY and a weather beaten TRUCK STOP DINER th Jeep and his father will open for business in a few hours Jeep gazes up to the diner's slanted roof where a large s glows like a beacon in the darkness:
4) 3) text: Jeep turns to see CHARLIE, a very pregnant girl of about twenty, standing in the trailer doorway, rubbing the slee from her eyes. Even with the trailer-trash veneer, she's strikingly beautiful.
4) 8) dialog: Sorry to wake you, Charlie.
4) 11) text: She approaches Jeep.   Sees the strain in his eyes.
4) 15) text: A glimmer of a smile crosses Jeep's face.
4) 16) dialog: You're the only thing I like worrying about.
4) 18) text: Jeep turns away, dejected.
4) 19) dialog: Go ahead, make fun of me. Everybody else does.
4) 21) text: This is not news Jeep wants to hear.
4) 26) dialog: So you're still going through with it...?
4) 28) dialog: I could help you. We could do it together, you know? I want to.
4) 31) text: Jeep nods, tries to hide the fact that he's dying inside.
4) 33) dialog: Go on.   I'll be right there.
4) 34) text: Charlie kisses him on the cheek and heads back to the trailer. He watches her, longing in his eyes. With the clank of the door, she's gone. And over Jeep's troubled look, the perennial holiday chee FRANK CAPRA'S "IT'S A WONDERFUL LIFE" MIXES up.
7) 0) text: The Escalade pulls off the highway and rolls to a stop at lonely row of old gas pumps. Kyle gets out and surveys the scenery with dismay. Now in the daytime we see this is truly a place time forgot. Attached to the diner is a MECHANIC'S BAY. Grease stains rusty car parts litter the ground. Behind the place is th SILVERSTREAM TRAILER we saw Jeep step out of earlier. The only thing here that looks fairly new is the UHAUL TR parked in front of the garage with its hood up. Kyle grabs a crumpled hand drawn map from the front seat flattens it out on the roof of the car. He spins it aroun Which way is north?
7) 26) dialog: You okay, Charlie?
7) 27) text: They both turn to see Jeep behind the diner, wearing mechanic's coveralls and holding a DUSTY OLD CRIB. Charli quickly hides her cigarette behind her back. Busted.
7) 29) text: Jeep nods, uncertain, eyes Kyle another moment, then he shuffles along out of sight. Charlie brings the cigarette back up to her lips. An awkward beat.
9) 0) text: Jeep is carefully cleaning the old wooden crib on a workbench. There's an unsettling intensity in his eyes, a if fear itself were driving him.
9) 2) text: Jeep freezes, knows he's in trouble He reluctantly turns see his father standing next to the Anderson's broken-dow Uhual.
9) 4) text: Jeep stares at the ground.   Couldn't be anymore uncomfortable.
9) 5) dialog: Yeah...
9) 11) dialog: Nothin'...
9) 12) text: Jeep tries feebly to block his path, fails. Bob looks down at the crib with dismay.
9) 13) dialog: Found it under a bunch of stuff in the storage shed. I know you never like to throw anything away...
9) 16) dialog: What...?
9) 18) dialog: (heard this before, pushes past him) Oh whatever, leave me alone.
10) 0) text: Jeep walks out toward the gas pumps, but Bob's right alongside him, not giving up.
10) 2) text: Jeep stiffens.   Turns to his father:
10) 3) dialog: Don't say that about her!     She's not like that!
10) 7) text: Bob gives Jeep a hard stare.    Yeah, she is.
10) 9) text: Jeeps shakes his head, burns.
10) 10) dialog: Look, I know it doesn't make any sense to you, but it's just something I have to do.
10) 13) dialog: C'mon Dad. You can't blame yourself for what she did--
10) 18) text: Jeep looks up at his father, his words hanging heavily. tough pill to swallow.
10) 20) text: Bob walks back into the diner. Jeep is about to turn back to the garage when he notices something off in the distance. Ominous DARK CLOUDS line the horizon to the south like a living wall. He shifts his gaze up the highway to the nor Same thing. DARK CLOUDS are pushing their way over the distant mountains. A storm is coming.
13) 29) text: BOB (cont'd) Sides, I'm sure Jeep'll have your truck fixed up quick as can be, and then you'll be on your way.
14) 0) text: Jeep is buried under the Uhaul's hood, working at somethi with a socket wrench. It's not going well.
14) 1) dialog: Damn it!
14) 2) text: He pulls himself up. Grease covers his face and hands. sound of a CAR APPROACHING catches his attention. He watches as a beat up EIGHTIES CUTLASS SUPREME pulls of the highway and rolls to a stop at the pumps. It's a myst how anyone could see through the LAYER OF DUST on that windshield. After a moment the car door pops open and the LEGS OF AN ELDERLY WOMAN swing down to the ground, followed by the m frame and wheels of a walker. The LITTLE OLD LADY gets out of the car, steadies herself the walker, and then slowly makes her way toward the dine with the rickety frailness of an old turtle. Jeep watches her disappear inside. He then looks toward the horizon again.   The WALL OF DAR CLOUDS are growing ever closer.
15) 32) text: Sandra nods at the old woman, unsure of what to make of t response. The fly that was circling her head, now lands on GLADYS'S FACE. It crawls across her cheek without her reacting in least. Howard and Sandra exchange looks.    Creepy. The door JINGLES and Jeep walks in. He heads straight for quiet huddle with Bob. All the while though, he keeps one eye fixed on the old lady sitting at the table near the Andersons. Something about her...
15) 33) dialog: The carburetor's shot.    Don't know why. Looks brand new.
15) 36) dialog: I could try to rebuild it, but it'd take a while, and I don't think we have all the parts. If we call right now, we might be able to get a new one down here tomorrow morning.
15) 38) dialog: What?
15) 68) text: She slaps the check down on the table and walks back towa the kitchen, passing Jeep and Bob.
15) 98) text: Jeep's about to fire, when the old lady's EYES GO ALL WHI
15) 104) text: Jeep freezes, stunned by her words, overwhelming fear paralyzing him where he stands.
15) 106) text: Gladys rockets straight at him! But Jeep's too afraid to move.    He clamps his eyes shut bracing himself for the end.
19) 5) text: Up ahead, the DARK CLOUDS Jeep saw earlier have finally closed in, descending onto the highway like a WALL.
20) 0) text: Bob is hunched over the steaming sink, pounding a can of light beer. Jeep is leaning against the wall, looking lik he's about to puke or faint.
20) 3) text: Bob looks over at Jeep, sees him trembling.
20) 5) text: But for Jeep it's not okay.   He's hurting real bad insid
20) 6) dialog: I couldn't pull the trigger. I froze. I saw what I needed to do, but I was afraid... (breaks down) She could've killed you!
20) 10) text: JEEP (cont'd) Or Charlie...She would've killed me if it wasn't for...
20) 13) text: Before Jeep can respond, they hear the sound of the front DOOR JINGLE.
21) 0) text: Bob and Jeep appear from the back, as Kyle, Percy, Audrey Sandra carry Howard into the diner, all of them stumbling gasping for air. Charlie moves in to help. Percy races for the back.
21) 6) text: Bob's about to respond when he hears the BUZZING. Bob, Charlie and Jeep slowly approach the windows to see
22) 5) text: Howard writhes as Percy pours alcohol on the wound. Sandra can't help but stare at Percy's hook. Meanwhile across the diner, Bob and Jeep peel back the tablecloth to examine Gladys' bullet riddled corpse. Kyle stands over them with Bob's shotgun trained on the body - just in case. Gladys is a real horror show. Bones jut out at obtuse ang from her neck -- a result of the blow to her head from Percy's frying pan.
23) 0) text: Bob, Kyle and Jeep quickly drag Gladys's body wrapped in plastic table cloth a short ways from the diner. They war eye the curtain of FLIES no more than a hundred yards out
23) 7) text: A CLANK and Jeep notices the old lady's car keys have dro to the ground.
23) 8) dialog: (holding up the keys) You guys!
23) 13) text: Jeep slips the key into the driver's side door.     Unloc
23) 15) text: Jeep slowly swings the door open and that's when the smel hits them.
23) 25) dialog: How `bout the trunk?
23) 26) text: They go around to the BACK OF THE CAR.   Jeep slips the k in. The trunk POPS open, revealing a PILE OF DEAD CATS.   ROT MAGGOT INFESTED. Bob quickly slams the trunk closed.    The guys are reeli with disgust. Kyle's trying to blow the stench from his nose.
23) 30) dialog: (sees something up the
23) 34) dialog: Wait a minute. Check it out. It's LAPD. What's an LA cop doing way out here?
23) 35) text: Bob and Jeep look over at Kyle.
25) 0) text: The door of the POLICE CAR OPENS as Charlie races from th diner. The three men see her moving toward the car.    Jeep's fa goes slack.
25) 1) dialog: Charlie, wait!
25) 15) dialog: No, shark teeth, Pop.
25) 37) dialog: C'mon, Dad, tell `em you're sorry. Tell `em you were only kidding!
25) 60) text: Audrey pulls her mother back into the diner. Michael hands an MP5 SUB-MACHINE GUN to Kyle. Another one goes to Percy. Finally he places a third one in Jeep's hands, who stares down at it anxiously.
25) 62) dialog: Dad, I can handle it.
25) 64) dialog: I said, I can handle it!
25) 65) text: Michael's eyes narrow, studying Jeep.
25) 71) text: He gives her a hard look.   She nods nervously.   Trustin but not sure why. Michael marches into the diner. Kyle glances quickly at t others, then he bolts after Michael. Percy follows.   Then Charlie. Now it's only Jeep and his father left.
25) 76) text: And Bob rushes into the diner. A moment as Jeep looks out toward the road. THE HEADLIGHTS ARE GROWING BRIGHTER.       CLOSER. He contemplates the sub-machine gun in his hands.
25) 77) dialog: Fuck it.
28) 0) text: Jeep faces the boarded up front door, awkwardly holding t MP5, trying to assume a tough guy posture. If only he cou stop shaking, it might be believable. Charlie and Audrey peer between the slats covering the windows. The ICE CREAM TRUCK'S HEADLIGHTS fan across the diner. Audrey and Charlie back away from the windows. Charlie stops next to Jeep. Senses him shaking. Rests a hand on his arm. And that seems to help...a little. Howard smiles weakly at the familiar sound of the CALLIOP
30) 0) text: Hiding in the shadows... listening to sounds of WAR just outside. Sandra squeezes her hands over her ears.   A few feet awa Audrey clutches a butcher's knife. Jeep's eyes darting from one window to another.   Trying keep it together. Charlie is crouched down behind the counter, holding the handgun close to her pregnant belly. Distant EXPLOSIONS rattle the plates on the shelves. Charlie peers out from behind the counter to look at the front windows. Momentary FLASHES of intense light outline the closed bli Another FLASH lights up Charlie's face.    Staring.
32) 0) text: ON CHARLIE staring at the window.    CLOSER.   Charlie's wide as -- SMASH!   A DARK SHAPE crashes through the window.    Glas sand and dust swirl in. Audrey and Sandra SCREAM. Charlie springs up from her hiding place, gun ready. Jeep spins around, pointing his gun, searching franticall for the intruder. It's so dark!
32) 1) dialog: Where is it?!
32) 17) text: Charlie and Audrey rush to Sandra's side, grabbing Howard arms. Jeep is right behind them ready to fire at the creature, with the women in the way, he can't get a clear shot. So discards the gun and grabs Howard's arms. Howard screams as his body is torturously stretched.   A tug-of-war.
32) 25) text: And he starts to pull her arm even harder...Other creatur suddenly notice her as well, focusing their attack as if alone was their target. Jeep immediately let's go of Howard and dives for Charlie grabbing her free arm just before she's pulled through.
34) 0) text: Only a few more inches separate Charlie and certain death through the window. Jeep's losing her!
34) 10) text: As Charlie climbs slowly to her feet -- a sudden pain. clutches her belly. Winces. Jeep catches her arm to steady her.
34) 42) dialog: You mean you're...
34) 43) text: Michael considers Jeep, then:
34) 70) text: Jeep stares at Charlie, as if suddenly his entire life is starting to make sense.
34) 71) dialog: You're sayin' she's the mother of the Messiah?
34) 89) text: Michael nods. Charlie sways on her feet.   Jeep rests a hand on her shoulder, steadying her. With a CLANK Michael re-arms his weapon, turns to the gro with finality.
34) 94) text: Jeep looks anxiously at Charlie, silent, scared, and then follows after Michael, leaving Charlie to stare at the SHATTERED WINDOW, the blinds flipping wildly in the wind.
36) 13) text: Meanwhile in a booth across the diner, Audrey is fiddling with Percy's old radio. Back and forth on the dial. Listening for anything. Nothing but STATIC. Up at the front of the diner, Jeep silently helps Michael nail broken table planks across the shattered window. He eyes the strange tatoos running down Michael's arms, the jagged wounds visible above his shirt line.
36) 14) dialog: What did you do...you know, before you came here...?
36) 17) dialog: Well, what changed?   What made you leave?
36) 20) dialog: So what happens to you...after this is over?
36) 25) text: Michael heads for the roof, leaving Jeep to stare after h deep in thought.
42) 0) text: The SHOUTING from the back office awakens the rest of the sleepers. Percy springs up. Charlie is shaking Jeep.
44) 2) text: And that's when the speed ACCELERATES TO NORMAL -- -- and the boils covering Howard's body explode -- sprayi streams of dark fluid toward Sandra -- -- just at the moment Percy spins around her, shielding h from the spray, which hits him in the back. But he's not stopping. Percy pushes Sandra back into the diner, the do SLAMMING closed behind them. Percy releases Sandra, letting her stumble hysterically i the room. Kyle and Jeep grab her, forcing her to the grou But she's not fighting anymore. Charlie turns to look at Percy who is still standing with back to the door, breathing heavily.
45) 0) text: Percy's body lies covered on the table. Bob stares rueful at his dead friend. A broken man. Tears stream down his face. He rolls the Zippo between his fingers. Jeep watches his father from the doorway.
45) 1) dialog: We should get back out there...
45) 3) text: Jeep nods, quietly leaves his father at the side of his d friend.
46) 11) dialog: Red Rock...
48) 1) dialog: Guess it's your turn not to sleep.
48) 2) text: Charlie looks up to see Jeep sit down across from her.
48) 4) text: Jeep sees the strain on her face.
48) 5) dialog: You okay?
48) 11) text: Jeep smiles, nods.
48) 13) text: A long beat, as Jeep considers her, then:
48) 14) dialog: You shouldn't say things like that, Charlie. It isn't right. You'll get through this. I know you will.
48) 17) text: Jeep's face hardens.   He gets up.   Hurt.   Frustrated.
48) 22) dialog: You know, you're not the only who's suffered, okay? Let me know when you stop feeling sorry for yourself.
48) 23) text: And with that, Jeep walks away, leaving Charlie to stare after him, disturbed and surprised by his response.
50) 4) text: Jeep and Michael move to look through the slats at the window. Charlie is giving Sandra some water through a straw. Bob wanders in, squinting at the sudden presence of light
58) 4) text: BURSTING OUT OF THE FLAMES, Michael marches confidently i the diner. Jeep slams the door CLOSED just as the WALL OF FIRE REACHES THEM. Everyone hits the deck as the FIRE SHOOTS THROUGH THE SLA covering the windows like spindly fingers reaching for pr Michael's clothes are a smoky, smoldering mess.   Jeep an rush to pat him down. Audrey's coughing from the smoke.
58) 24) text: As soon as they move in one direction, the SCAMPERING is heard in another. Jeep's LIGHT CATCHES SOMETHING ON THE GROUND.      A TRAI BLOOD.
58) 25) dialog: He's bleeding!
58) 32) dialog: Dad!
58) 33) text: Jeep can't get a clear shot.       Bob's gasping for air. Michael grabs the boy and fiercely rips him off of Bob's back. He swings the boy around like a living shot put.
58) 35) text: Jeep and Bob whip up their guns as Michael throws the wic creature into the air. Sandra's vacant face flickers in the light as the SOUND O GUNFIRE AND INHUMAN SCREAMING fill the diner. And then in moments...      All is QUIET. BEHIND THE COUNTER, Audrey helps Charlie to her feet. WINCES. Doubles over, clutching her stomach.
61) 0) text: Bob and Jeep keep watch. The SPECTRAL LIGHTS in the distance seem to be growing la -- closer. Charlie's SCREAMING rises up from below.
61) 2) dialog: She's never said. I just assumed it was Joe Danvers. You know how she's always had a thing for bad boys.
61) 3) text: Bob hears the spite in Jeep's voice.
61) 9) dialog: I thought you said I should move on?
61) 11) text: Jeep considers Bob with a smile, then comes the sound... A DEEP, LONG, BODY RUMBLING TONE rising up off the plain, if emanating from the largest HORN ever constructed.
61) 12) dialog: What was that...?
63) 0) text: Jeep and Bob watch helplessly as the ARMY OF CREATURES ha closed within a hundred yards of the diner. Their ranks stretch back seemingly without end into the darkness.
63) 1) dialog: We're not gonna make it outta here, are we?
63) 4) text: Jeep rests a comforting hand on his father's shoulder. Bo pulls his son close and hugs him with all his might, tear filling his eyes.
67) 0) text: Jeep and Bob enter the diner to see Michael helping Charl to her feet, while Audrey continues to pace, the bundle o bloody blankets cradled in her arms.
67) 1) dialog: Something's happening.    They're moving away.
67) 9) text: ON JEEP as the realization hits him.
67) 10) dialog: Your orders...
67) 11) text: Michael looks at Jeep.
67) 12) dialog: You were the one who was supposed to kill the baby? That was the order you didn't obey.
67) 45) text: Michael fires again.   Blowing Sandra's body back through doorway. Jeep watches the baby sail SLOWLY through the air. The time for Jeep to act is now! Jeep DIVES for the baby...catching the bundle of rags mer inches from the ground! And then he looks up to see... The dark SILHOUETTE OF A MAN approaching from out of the spectral light. A MAN WITH WINGS. Jeep's eyes grow wide as the FIERCE ANGEL steps into the diner. But this looks like no angel we've seen before. This is a creature built for war. Rough hewn, battle scarred. His body armor making him appear disturbingly insect like. His wings are not feathery or gentle. Rather they are hard, mechanical, an organic machine. The angel's wings retract with clockwork-like precision. And now that we see the his face clearly, we notice his striking resemblance to Michael. We might even mistake th for brothers. His name is GABRIEL. Gabriel raises a massive, ferocious, strangely mechanical looking MACE in his powerful hands. And the world returns to NORMAL SPEED as Gabriel brings t mace arcing down at Jeep. Jeep rolls! CLANG! The weapon just misses him, hitting th floor in a spray of sparks, literally CRACKING THE GROUND Gabriel brings the mace up again.   Jeep won't be so luck twice.
67) 47) text: Bob charges at the creature, sub-machine gun blazing. Gabriel reacts by instantly UNFOLDING HIS WINGS and launc himself into the air. The bullets clawing up the wall beh him. But Bob's heroic move has given Jeep time to get up and r with the baby for the back of the diner. He thrusts the child into Charlie's hands. And without even thinking, sh pulls the child protectively to her chest.
67) 52) dialog: No!
67) 53) text: With a sweep of his hand, Gabriel sends Bob flying across diner where he crashes down behind the counter near the stove. Michael GRABS JEEP'S HAND before the boy can rush back in the fray.
67) 55) dialog: Me?!   What about you?
67) 57) text: Jeep shakes his head, panic setting in.
67) 58) dialog: But I don't know what to do!
67) 60) text: Michael lets go of Jeep's hand and turns away to face Gabriel, leaving Jeep to contemplate those final words.
67) 61) dialog: Prophets? What Prophets?   What instructions?!
67) 62) text: And that's when Jeep opens his hand to find the KEYS to Michael's Police Cruiser. Jeep looks up from the keys to see Charlie, Audrey and th baby. The responsibility crashing in on him. Then he clos his hand around the keys, determination building.
67) 63) dialog: C'mon!
67) 67) text: Charlie looks past Jeep to see Michael returning to the f
67) 69) dialog: We have no choice!    We have to get to Red Rock!
67) 70) text: He pulls Charlie past the counter toward the back office. Jeep stops when he sees his father's broken body lying on ground by the stove in a pool of his own blood. Bob's half open eyes focus on his son. In his outstretche hand is that goddamn ZIPPO LIGHTER... and next to that, a BROKEN GAS PIPE leading to the stove. Jeep is terrified.
67) 71) dialog: Dad!
67) 72) text: Jeep tries to help him up.
67) 74) dialog: But Dad...!
67) 77) text: And so Jeep, fighting back tears, does what his father sa
68) 0) text: Audrey and Jeep push the desk away from the door. Charlie opens it.    Sand swirls in around her. And Jeep leads the trio out the door.
70) 0) text: Audrey and Jeep help Charlie quickly move around the side the diner where the cruiser is parked. They are buffeted winds and sand. Jeep puts Charlie and the baby into the front passenger s while Audrey hustles in back.
70) 4) text: Jeep rounds to the driver's side.     Hops in.
71) 0) text: Jeep frantically tries to get the right key into the ignition. It's in. Jeep turns the key but the ENGINE STRUGGLES TO FIRE UP. Panic.
71) 2) dialog: I'm trying!
71) 3) text: Jeep gives it some gas, but the ENGINE'S NOT CATCHING. A DARK SHAPE POUNCES ONTO THE HOOD OF THE CAR. The light catches it, revealing the disfigured face and beard of a SHOPPING MALL SANTA CLAUS, his oversized belly gruesomely distended. Charlie screams.
71) 4) dialog: Fuck!
71) 5) text: Jeep pumps the gas and the ENGINE BURSTS TO LIFE! The creature's about to punch a fist through the glass
71) 6) dialog: (throwing the car in
71) 8) text: Jeep floors it, causing the cruiser to rocket backwards toward the highway.
71) 13) text: The creature doesn't have a chance as the cruiser PLOWS i him. BONES CRUNCH as a flash of red and white is sent sailing the car and tumbling down onto the road behind them in a cloud of dust. Jeep clenches the wheel, pedal to the floor.
71) 14) dialog: Okay, we need to figure out our weapon situation.   Hopefully Michael didn't take everything out of the car.
71) 15) text: Jeep places his Glock on the dash. He sees that he's got police issue shotgun in the front seat rack. Charlie searches under her seat.   Pulls out a...GRENADE.
71) 17) dialog: Yes. Now just put it down... Slowly.
71) 20) dialog: Okay. Okay. Handgun. Shotgun. A a flare gun... And a grenade. Alright. (hands Charlie the Glock) Load this. (BEAT) Audrey, can you figure out how to load that flare gun without killing us all?
71) 22) dialog: Try real hard, okay?
73) 0) text: The cruiser hits the FLY STORM. Black. Nothing is visible beyond the windows. BUZZING surrounds them. DEAFENING. Jeep turns on the windshield wipers.     Hits the brights PING!   PING!   PING!   Driving blind! ON THE SPEEDOMETER as their speed slows to a crawl.
73) 2) dialog: I can't fuckin' see!
73) 4) dialog: Oh, no.
75) 0) text: Charlie is struggling to close the air vents to stop the inflow of BUZZING insects. It's not working! She looks to Jeep in desperation, but something more frightening catches her attention. The INTRICATE WRITING is beginning to appear on Jeep's ar snaking its way up from his wrists like VINES.
75) 2) text: Jeep sees it, eyes go wide.
75) 4) text: A beat, as Jeep remembers Michael's parting words...
75) 9) dialog: The instructions...
77) 0) text: The MASSIVE EXPLOSION rocks the slow moving vehicle. In the rearview mirror, Jeep sees the CLOUD OF FIRE MUSHROOMING UP in the sky behind them. It's eerily magnificent.
77) 2) text: Jeep looks back to the road as, sure enough, the FLY SWAR suddenly dissipates all around them, revealing a CLEAR VI of the highway ahead. Jeep knows at what price this good fortune has come.
77) 7) dialog: Thank you...
77) 10) dialog: Oh, shit!
79) 2) text: Up front Jeep stares out at the dark road ahead.
79) 3) dialog: No...It's just starting...
82) 0) text: Charlie cradles the baby, apprehensive. The baby looks up her, smiles. She can't help but smile back at him. Jeep eyes her.
82) 5) dialog: Better not hold him too long. Might get attached.
82) 8) dialog: Nothin' to be sorry about. It's true. I did follow you around. At least now I know there was a good reason.
82) 9) text: Charlie's reacts, a bit stung. Jeep tries to hide his pleasure that the tables have turn at least a little. Charlie is about to respond when Audre leans in from the back seat.
82) 13) dialog: Okay, all we gotta do is --
84) 0) text: Jeep, Charlie and Audrey slip frantically down in their s as the roof presses down at them. The windows BURST. Jeep grabs the Glock and fires wildly up at the roof.
86) 2) text: Jeep swings the gun around.
86) 3) dialog: Duck!
86) 5) dialog: Audrey, the flare gun!
86) 6) text: Audrey desperately tries to load a flare while avoiding Gabriel's grasp. Jeep can't get off another shot without risk of hitting Audrey. Gabriel is almost entirely in the car now. Audrey swings the flare gun toward Gabriel, but he knocks hand aside just as she pulls the trigger and the flare go off INSIDE THE CAR! Jeep ducks. The CAR SWERVES MADLY. The flare RICOCHETS through the cabin, lighting it up like the Fourth of July Gabriel lunges for Charlie just as the flare bounces off windshield - PING! - and nails him right in the face, SET HIS HAIR ABLAZE. And that gives Jeep the chance to swing around and FIRE. BOOM! Gabriel is blown back partially through the rear window. He holds onto the car with an iron grip. Starts t pull himself back in. Nothing slows this guy down. Jeep pulls the trigger again and...CLICK.    No bullets! Audrey frantically reloads the flare gun. Brings it up to fire, but he's too fast! WHACK! Gabriel knocks her into t side of the car with a sweep of his hand. She's out cold.
86) 10) text: Now he's clawing his way unobstructed toward Charlie agai Jeep knows there's only one thing to do.
86) 11) dialog: Get down on the floor!
86) 12) text: Charlie pushes herself and the baby down on the floor in front of the passenger seat. Jeep PUNCHES IT.   The speedometer leaps ahead. 70...80...90... Gabriel's now completely in the car.   They're helpless. Gabriel lunges over the passenger seat, grasping for Char his ferocious hand only inches from her and the baby, whe
88) 0) text: Jeep's side of the car is crushed.   Blood is running dow forehead. Charlie crawls up from the floor.
88) 8) dialog: The baby?
88) 10) dialog: And what about...
88) 12) dialog: (ANGUISHED) Audrey...
88) 14) text: Charlie, the baby bundled in her hands, leads Jeep away f the demolished Cruiser.
89) 0) text: Jeep and Charlie, battered and bruised, struggle to make long climb up the ridge. Charlie looks up. STARS completely fill the pre-dawn sky.   Breathtaking.
89) 2) dialog: What?
89) 4) text: Jeep follows her gaze to the sky. Endless stars.    Confounding. Jeep shifts his eyes to the TOP OF THE RIDGE just ahead.
89) 9) dialog: C'mon, we're almost there.
89) 13) text: Jeep's feet dangle. His eyes bulge out. He claws at Gabriel's iron-fast grip, but there's no hope. Charlie watches in horror.
89) 15) text: But Gabriel is doing just that. Jeep is rapidly losing consciousness. The battle is lost.
89) 17) text: Jeep's eyes flutter.   He's almost gone.
89) 25) text: Tears run down her face.   She's dead fucking serious. Gabriel lets go of Jeep.   He falls to the ground, gaspin desperately for air.
89) 26) dialog: Charlie, no!
90) 0) text: Jeep and Charlie stand overlooking the desert valley belo ON THEIR FACES, reacting to what they see. Charlie takes Jeep's hand in hers.
90) 5) dialog: We made it.
90) 12) dialog: I'm sure they're just over the next ridge.
90) 15) dialog: Don't be afraid.    We'll be okay.
90) 17) text: At those words, Charlie looks deep into Jeep's eyes. confidence in them she's never seen before. And she leans in and kisses him.      Tender. When they part, Jeep stares back at her with surprise. the surprise melts into a smile. And they descend the ridge...out of sight, leaving us wit view once again of --
91) 0) text: Jeep is at the wheel. He looks aged, scarred from the experience. His exposed arms are completely covered with INTRICATE WRITING...The Instructions. The boy he once was gone at last and the warrior protector has replaced him.
91) 4) text: Jeep glances over at Charlie and the baby.   He smiles at image of maternal bliss.