6) 0) text: The stereo in this rig could shake mountains. KYLE WILLIA (late 20's) handsome as hell, thug style. A straight up b boy. He passes a weathered road sign:
6) 2) dialog: Shit...
7) 0) text: The Escalade pulls off the highway and rolls to a stop at lonely row of old gas pumps. Kyle gets out and surveys the scenery with dismay. Now in the daytime we see this is truly a place time forgot. Attached to the diner is a MECHANIC'S BAY. Grease stains rusty car parts litter the ground. Behind the place is th SILVERSTREAM TRAILER we saw Jeep step out of earlier. The only thing here that looks fairly new is the UHAUL TR parked in front of the garage with its hood up. Kyle grabs a crumpled hand drawn map from the front seat flattens it out on the roof of the car. He spins it aroun Which way is north?
7) 5) dialog: Darren, your fuckin' directions suck, man.
7) 7) dialog: Hey...
7) 9) dialog: You know that shit right there ain't good for the baby.
7) 12) dialog: Now hold on, girl, let me bum one before you do.
7) 14) dialog: Tell ya what. You let me have one of yours, and I'll give you two from the new pack you're gonna sell me.
7) 15) text: She considers him for a moment, then pulls out a cigarett Lights it off the end of hers then hands it to him. Kyle takes a drag, pulls out his crumpled map.
7) 16) dialog: Am I in the right place?
7) 22) dialog: Sonuvabitch. There another phone around here? You know, one that works?
7) 24) dialog: I can handle that.   You got pancakes here?
7) 29) text: Jeep nods, uncertain, eyes Kyle another moment, then he shuffles along out of sight. Charlie brings the cigarette back up to her lips. An awkward beat.
7) 30) dialog: Three seventy-five, huh?
8) 0) text: The DOOR JINGLES.   Charlie and Kyle enter. Audrey's eyes light up when she sees Kyle. He notices her well. How couldn't he? She's directing every ounce of sex appeal she has in his direction. Her parents, on the other hand, shoot a look of utter fea Kyle's direction, as if he personified their worst suburb nightmare. Charlie heads to the register. Digs out a fresh pack of smokes from underneath the counter.
8) 6) dialog: If I can smoke `em, I'll take `em.
8) 16) dialog: Hey man?
8) 17) text: Bob turns to Kyle.   Doesn't like what he sees.
8) 18) dialog: Can I use your phone? My cell doesn't get a signal out here and the pay phone outside is busted.
11) 0) text: Bob reenters the diner to find Kyle sitting at the counte digging into a plate of banana pancakes. Kyle is about to address him again, when something else steals Bob's attention.
11) 31) text: Bob steps off the chair and backs slowly away from the TV if a little distance will bring some clarity. He bumps in Kyle.
11) 32) dialog: Yo, am I the Invisible motherfuckin' Man here?    Do you have a phone or not?
11) 33) text: Kyle peels a five dollar bill off a serious WAD OF CASH. That gets Bob's attention. Bob snaps the money out of his hand.
11) 35) text: Kyle hustles passed Percy. Charlie is standing by the Anderson's table, clearing dis Everybody's eyes are locked on the TV.
11) 40) dialog: Let me talk to him...
12) 0) text: Kyle sits at a messy desk in this dark, wood paneled back office, phone to his ear.
12) 5) dialog: (on phone) Cuz a father should be able to talk to his son, that's why. Now put `im on the phone. (a beat then a smile) Is that my little man...? Yeah, well I'm working hard, so that I can be with you. You bein' good? (strange STATIC can be
12) 7) text: Kyle stews a beat, then picks up the phone to redial. Frowns. No dial tone.
12) 8) dialog: What the hell...
13) 18) dialog: I don't think so.
13) 19) text: Kyle has reappeared in the diner.
13) 21) dialog: Phone's dead. Just tried to make a call.
13) 23) text: Kyle shakes his head, sits down at the counter.
15) 109) text: Sandra is on the floor with her husband.     Blood pours from his neck. Kyle stares at the dying man -- a moment of hesitation -- then he rushes to help.
15) 110) dialog: Press your hands over the hole!
15) 111) text: Sandra looks fearfully up at Kyle, at the gun still in hi hand.
15) 112) dialog: Don't look at me like that, lady! I'm tryin' to fuckin' help you! Now put your goddamn hands over the hole before your husband bleeds to death!
15) 113) text: Obeying, she cups her hands over the hole in his neck, desperately trying to stop the flow of blood leaking out between her fingers. Percy scrambles over with a first-ai kit and together he and Kyle get to work on Howard's neck
16) 0) text: Kyle, Percy, Sandra and Audrey frantically carry Howard, neck bandaged, to the back of the Escalade.
17) 0) text: Howard lies in the back seat. Sandra by his head, claspin his hands in hers. Audrey by his feet. Percy rides shotgu Kyle struggles to get the key in the ignition. The engine ROARS to life.
19) 0) text: Kyle grips the wheel.   Picking up speed.
19) 1) dialog: How far to the hospital?
19) 3) text: Kyle shoots him a look. Eighty miles?! Pedal to the floor time. Audrey leans forward from the back seat.
19) 10) dialog: They're fuckin' clouds!   What the fuck do they look like?
21) 0) text: Bob and Jeep appear from the back, as Kyle, Percy, Audrey Sandra carry Howard into the diner, all of them stumbling gasping for air. Charlie moves in to help. Percy races for the back.
22) 5) text: Howard writhes as Percy pours alcohol on the wound. Sandra can't help but stare at Percy's hook. Meanwhile across the diner, Bob and Jeep peel back the tablecloth to examine Gladys' bullet riddled corpse. Kyle stands over them with Bob's shotgun trained on the body - just in case. Gladys is a real horror show. Bones jut out at obtuse ang from her neck -- a result of the blow to her head from Percy's frying pan.
22) 8) dialog: Well, I don't care how long she's been dead, the bitch ain't stayin' in here with us.
23) 0) text: Bob, Kyle and Jeep quickly drag Gladys's body wrapped in plastic table cloth a short ways from the diner. They war eye the curtain of FLIES no more than a hundred yards out
23) 6) dialog: How the fuck am I supposed to know, man? You askin' me to explain the behavior of a motherfuckin' pestilence.
23) 12) dialog: No Twilight Zone shit if that's what you mean.
23) 16) dialog: Agh!   What the fuck is that?
23) 19) text: Kyle opens the passenger door, looks in.      Dark, dirty nothing unusual.
23) 20) dialog: Nothin' here.
23) 26) text: They go around to the BACK OF THE CAR.   Jeep slips the k in. The trunk POPS open, revealing a PILE OF DEAD CATS.   ROT MAGGOT INFESTED. Bob quickly slams the trunk closed.    The guys are reeli with disgust. Kyle's trying to blow the stench from his nose.
23) 27) dialog: Bitch's got motherfuckin' dead cats in her hoopty! What the fuck is wrong with white people?!
23) 29) dialog: Yeah, it was a real motherfuckin' necessity we figured that out, man.
23) 35) text: Bob and Jeep look over at Kyle.
23) 36) dialog: I'm from Nevada, man.
23) 43) text: Kyle hands the shotgun over to Bob.
25) 24) dialog: Know what?
25) 35) dialog: Easy!   Easy!
25) 46) text: But Michael doesn't seem to register this plea.   It's no looking good. No one BREATHES. That's when Kyle notices something out i the direction of the road. DOZENS OF TINY HEADLIGHTS APPEARING IN THE DARK HAZE. APPROACHING.
25) 47) dialog: What the--?
25) 60) text: Audrey pulls her mother back into the diner. Michael hands an MP5 SUB-MACHINE GUN to Kyle. Another one goes to Percy. Finally he places a third one in Jeep's hands, who stares down at it anxiously.
25) 71) text: He gives her a hard look.   She nods nervously.   Trustin but not sure why. Michael marches into the diner. Kyle glances quickly at t others, then he bolts after Michael. Percy follows.   Then Charlie. Now it's only Jeep and his father left.
26) 0) text: Frantic activity. Kyle and Michael push a booth in front the door, sealing off the entrance. Tables are turned on their sides to form makeshift shield Window blinds are snap closed.
26) 14) dialog: Now that we're locked in here, what the fuck are we supposed to do?
27) 0) text: A hatch opens and out comes Michael followed by Bob, Perc and Kyle. They quickly take their places behind the "Paradise" sign. Pitch black surrounds them. The RUMBLE OF ENGINES is gone, leaving only the RUSH OF T WIND coming up off the desert.
27) 1) dialog: Where the hell did they go?
27) 15) dialog: Ice cream.
27) 17) dialog: You've got to be fuckin' kidding me.
27) 21) text: Kyle, Bob shoot quick anxious looks at Percy.
29) 1) dialog: (WHISPERS) Ah, he don't look that bad.
29) 3) dialog: Oh, shit.     Oh, shit.   Oh, shit.
29) 13) dialog: Is that it?
33) 1) dialog: They're running!      We got `em!
33) 2) text: Kyle turns happily to Michael.     Gone.   Kyle looks aro roof with alarm.
34) 15) text: Charlie doesn't know how to respond.      She's about to something when -- Kyle rushes into the room.       A smile on his face.
34) 16) dialog: We got `em runnin'!
34) 17) text: Then Kyle notices the broken window, takes in the room, h excitement falling.
34) 18) dialog: Where's Howard?
34) 19) text: No one responds.   Sandra and Audrey are huddled together Crying. Bob and Percy follow Kyle in, still shaking from the adrenaline.
34) 21) dialog: I'll go.
34) 22) text: Bob grabs Kyle's arm.
34) 34) dialog: Possessed by what?    Demons?
34) 77) dialog: So what, we're supposed to just hold those things off until Mary over there squeezes one out?
34) 80) dialog: Oh we're fucked.     We are so fucked!
34) 91) text: Everyone exchanges terrified looks.   Finally, Kyle steps forward.
34) 92) dialog: Okay, what's your plan?
35) 0) text: Percy and Kyle keep watch, rifles at their sides. They're wrapped up from head to toe in blankets to protect them f the cold and the flies. Percy scans the horizon.   Momentary SPECTRAL FLASHES dot darkness.
35) 6) text: Percy makes the unconscious motion of rubbing his "hands" together to keep them warm. Kyle notices. Sees the dog tags.
35) 7) dialog: You were in the Army?
35) 9) dialog: What was it like?    Being in a war?
35) 11) text: Kyle nods. Scared. He takes out his 45.     Nervously swi it from hand to hand.
35) 13) dialog: What?
35) 15) dialog: No. I uh -- keep it for protection.
35) 17) dialog: From people.
35) 24) dialog: Yeah, people who might try to give me a hard time, you know?
35) 26) dialog: Yeah, well, no, not regular, regular people.
35) 28) dialog: I'm talkin' people whose job it is to give other people a hard time. Kinda person who doesn't get enough fiber in their diet, you know what I'm sayin?
35) 30) dialog: Exactly.    Strictly business.
35) 32) text: Kyle's eyes narrow.
35) 33) dialog: Who the fuck are you to be sweatin' me, man? I got my reasons for doin' what I do.
35) 36) text: Kyle looks at Percy, fear in his eyes, then he turns back the darkness...and the evil that surrounds them.
41) 21) text: Sandra scrambles down off the desk and frantically pushes away from the door. She's reaching for the dead bolt when Audrey and Kyle appear in the doorway.
41) 23) text: Kyle races to restrain Sandra.
41) 28) text: She struggles against him, throwing a wild elbow that tag Kyle in the face. Down he goes. Sandra is about to open the door when Audrey pounces on h
44) 0) text: Sandra and Audrey are locked in battle. Sandra slaps Audr hard. Audrey stumbles over Kyle and hits the floor. Percy appears in the doorway. Now is her last chance. Sandra whips open the back door a that's when the world hits SLOW MOTION. Howard is there.    A few feet away.   Alive. Sandra races toward him.    Just behind her comes Percy.
44) 2) text: And that's when the speed ACCELERATES TO NORMAL -- -- and the boils covering Howard's body explode -- sprayi streams of dark fluid toward Sandra -- -- just at the moment Percy spins around her, shielding h from the spray, which hits him in the back. But he's not stopping. Percy pushes Sandra back into the diner, the do SLAMMING closed behind them. Percy releases Sandra, letting her stumble hysterically i the room. Kyle and Jeep grab her, forcing her to the grou But she's not fighting anymore. Charlie turns to look at Percy who is still standing with back to the door, breathing heavily.
49) 0) text: Sand and wind.    The INVISIBLE SUN is sinking. Kyle and Audrey are bundled together on the roof, keeping watch. Kyle is showing her how to hold the MP5.
49) 1) dialog: ...Then you just flip this --
49) 4) text: She points the gun out into the haze like she's been hold one all her life. Off Kyle's surprised look:
49) 6) dialog: I bet they did.
49) 7) text: After a moment, Audrey switches the safety back on.   Han the gun over to Kyle. Audrey stares into the red nothingness surrounding them. expression growing distant. She seems to have aged years overnight.
49) 9) dialog: Yeah?
49) 15) text: Kyle considers her thoughtfully.
49) 16) dialog: The only time my old man ever paid attention to me was when I was doing somethin' bad. So you know what I did?
49) 18) dialog: I got really good at being bad.
49) 19) text: She smiles at this confession.    Can obviously relate. wipes a tear from her cheek. She leans in.   Kisses him.   Passionately.   Desperately His hands trace over her body. She claws at him. Her passion growing out of control. She's practically devouring him. Kyle can barely keep up. It's like something else beyond sensual need has taken ov She moves down his chest.     Further.   Kyle leans his h back. Further. Just then the SPOT LIGHTS that illuminate the roof sign c to life.   The young couple stops to look up at the brill red word "Paradise" illuminated above them. Down below, the gas pumps LIGHT UP.      The station's FLUORESCENTS flicker on.
51) 0) text: The truck stop is lit up like a Christmas tree. If you didn't know better, you might mistake the place for busin as usual. Kyle and Audrey stand on the roof, taking in th dramatic change.
51) 2) dialog: I don't know.
51) 4) dialog: (raising his gun) You better get downstairs.
51) 6) text: Kyle stares at Audrey's beautiful, determined face.    Th pulls out his silver 45.
51) 7) dialog: (handing her the gun) Just in case.
51) 9) dialog: Get ready.
51) 15) dialog: (lowering his gun) Wait a minute.
51) 17) text: A distant SCREECH from behind. Kyle and Audrey spin to lo out over the back side of the diner. AN ARMY OF DARK SHAPES are swarming in fast. Kyle looks urgently back at the family.    The father lif pump. Flips the lever.
51) 18) dialog: It's a trap. They saw them coming and turned on the lights. It's a fucking trap!
51) 19) text: Kyle and Audrey wave their arms frantically at the family
51) 20) dialog: Hey! Get back in your car!      It's a trap!
51) 21) text: But down below, the man can only hear the sound of RAGING WIND as he pumps the gas. Kyle fires his gun in the air.   BLAM!   BLAM!     BLAM! At the sound of gunfire, the man looks quickly up to the roof.   His family heard it too and they start to SCREAM HIM. The man can only see silhouettes in this light, but he's not waiting around to see if it's friend or foe. Audrey watches in horror as the dark shapes reach the din
51) 23) text: The father dashes to the driver's side.    He throws open door. But he's too late. He looks over his shoulder just in tim to see a BLUR OF MOVEMENT RUSHING AT HIM. His BLOOD PAINTS the car windows. Kyle raises his MP5 to fire upon the dark shapes that surround the vehicle like swarming insects. The wife and boy scream hysterically as they are torn fro the vehicle by skeletal hands.
51) 29) text: So Kyle makes a desperately courageous play. He leaps ont the roof's sloped overhang -- sliding fast -- he drops to ground in front of the diner.
51) 31) text: Kyle charges the dark mob. Creatures peel away from the woman and boy to confront Kyle head-on. He lets loose with a rain of bullets, eviscerating everyt that comes at him.
52) 0) text: The group gathered at the window sees Kyle racing out tow the pumps.
53) 0) text: The Possessed move in from all sides, but Kyle is remarka agile, dropping one after another in a stunning display. He closes in on the family, blasting back the creatures huddled around them. He finds the YOUNG BOY curled up with his hands protectiv covering his face. Kyle swoops down and gathers the boy into his arms.
53) 5) dialog: I got you!
53) 6) text: Kyle moves on to the mother. But something odd is happeni The creatures have stopped coming at him. In fact, they're just standing there watching him.   Wait Kyle freezes.   CLOSE ON HIM as he senses something terri wrong.
53) 8) text: Kyle looks over at the boy in his arms.   GHOSTLY WHITE E stare back at him.
54) 3) text: Out the window they see Audrey drop down from the roof an run towards Kyle.
55) 0) text: The young boy stands over Kyle, silently watching the lif drain from his body. The boy looks up to see Audrey approaching fast. Tears suddenly appear in his eyes. He opens his arms pleadingly her.
55) 9) text: The boy moves toward Audrey, stepping over Kyle's body. Audrey backs away. She looks toward the entrance to the diner. Blocked by advancing creatures. They're everywhere.    She's trapped. She notices the open door to the MINIVAN.     And so she Audrey dives into the car as the throng of creatures rapi closes in. She hammers the auto door lock. CLUNK! She moves to the center of the car as gruesome faces pres against the windows. A nightmare come to life.