1) 0) text: Michael, face tight with pain, trench coat back on, steps of the alley, stares with determination at a dark storefr across the street. "GUN &amp; SPORT WORLD"
1) 1) text: INT. GUN &amp; SPORT WORLD - A SHORT WHILE LATER Cavernous. A Costco for survivalists.    Quiet except for sound of RAIN, then... SMASH! Michael drops down through one of the skylights in shower of glass.
1) 2) text: INT. GUN &amp; SPORT WORLD - BATHROOM - MOMENTS LATER Michael bursts in. Tosses a first-aid kit into the sink. His trench coat falls to the floor and here in the fluorescent light, we get a better look at him. His thin but stunningly well muscled body is TATTOOED shoulder to ankle with INTRICATE WRITING. The man's flesh a living book. But the writing is in no language we recognize. He turns his back to the mirror, revealing two HORRIFICAL OPEN WOUNDS running down between both shoulder blades. FRESH. BLOODY. He threads a needle not with thread, but with FISHING WIR and begins to STITCH the wounds closed. BLOOD POOLS on th cement floor around his feet.
1) 3) text: INT. GUN &amp; SPORT WORLD - MOMENTS LATER Trench coat and a shirt back on, Michael races along the ENDLESS RACKS OF GUNS, searching for just the right weapo his every movement precise, as if he's trained his whole for this. Weapon after ferocious weapon gets tossed into rifle bags Whatever this guy's preparing for, it's big. Rifle bags filled, Michael heads for the exit.   Stops co The place is locked up tight.   Metal gate over the front doors, bars over the windows.   How the hell's he going t out of here?
2) 10) text: EXT. GUN &amp; SPORT WORLD - CONTINUOUS Michael, bulging rifle bags in each hand, stepping brazen out of the GAPING HOLE he's blown in the front of the sto
2) 16) text: Estevez and Burton are already out of the squad car, crouching behind the open doors, GUNS trained on Michael.
2) 19) dialog: (sensing their unease:) It's starting. There isn't much time.
2) 20) text: The cops shoot a quick, anxious glance at each other -- " the hell?" -- then they turn back to Michael.
2) 22) text: Michael lets the gun bags hit the ground.
2) 24) text: Michael slowly places his palms on his skull.
2) 26) text: Michael slowly turns around.    Calm. Estevez rushes in to restrain Michael, grabbing his wrist FINGERS TIGHTENING. Michael closes his eyes, a terrible decision made. And that's when he moves, a fucking blur! In an instant Michael's broken the cop's arm, spinning hi helplessly around, turning him into a human shield. Now i Michael who's in charge, gun to Estevez's head, facing of with Burton. Burton struggles to find a shot, can't.
2) 42) text: Michael, however, seems to know exactly who he's talking
2) 43) dialog: I'm following my own orders now.
2) 46) text: BLAM! Burton shoots his partner in the head. Estevez drop leaving Michael without cover. Burton re-aims, but Michae faster, already FIRING back. Bullets rip up the concrete. SMASH!   The squad car windo SHATTERS, Burton's chest EXPLODING!
2) 50) text: And down he GOES, leaving Michael the only one left stand Smoke rising from his gun. With soldier-like efficiency, Michael picks up the rifle and begins to load them into the trunk of the squad car. He gets in the car and FLOORS IT, ROARING AWAY, as the
25) 3) dialog: Charlie freezes a few feet from the car when she sees tho piercing eyes already familiar to us. Michael looks at he as if she was exactly who he expected to see. In moments Bob, Kyle and Jeep form a protective shield in front of Charlie. Bob raises the shotgun.
25) 5) text: A long beat as Michael considers Bob.   Icy cold.
25) 6) dialog: That how you greet all your customers?
25) 8) text: Michael stares at him blankly.
25) 14) text: Michael offers up a dangerous smile, revealing a not so w kept but definitely normal set of teeth. Bob and the othe ease slightly.
25) 18) dialog: Michael.
25) 20) text: Michael remains silent.       Doesn't seemed shocked in t by what he's heard.
25) 22) text: Bob chuckles for a moment. When Michael doesn't respond i kind, Bob falls silent. Anxious. He slowly raises the shotgun again. Michael sizes up this raggedy group. His gaze drifts over the loosely wrapped body in front of the diner. The plast table cloth flaps wildly in the wind. Turning back to Bob
25) 23) dialog: You don't know, do you?
25) 30) text: Michael just shakes his head.
25) 31) dialog: I'm running out of time.
25) 32) text: Michael steps toward Charlie with a sense of purpose, but blocks his path, brandishing the shotgun.
25) 34) text: In a BLUR OF MOVEMENT, Michael rips the shotgun from Bob' hands. It all happens so fast that Bob is stunned to find himself holding air. He's even more stunned to now have the barrel of the gun pressed to the bridge of his nose. Everyone freezes.
25) 36) text: Michael's expression is totally calm.   Merciless.
25) 40) text: Michael's eyes flit momentarily in Charlie's direction. Considering her. The diner door opens and Percy steps cautiously out with and hook held up to show no threat. He's followed by Sand and Audrey. Michael sees them, but offers no indication that he cares
25) 46) text: But Michael doesn't seem to register this plea.   It's no looking good. No one BREATHES. That's when Kyle notices something out i the direction of the road. DOZENS OF TINY HEADLIGHTS APPEARING IN THE DARK HAZE. APPROACHING.
25) 48) text: Michael turns, sees the lights.
25) 49) dialog: They're here.
25) 50) text: Michael whips the gun away from Bob's head and thrusts it back into his hands. Bob's looks down at the gun, speechless.
25) 51) dialog: You're going to need this.
25) 52) text: Michael walks swiftly around to the trunk of the cruiser. Pops it, revealing a staggering ARSENAL OF WEAPONRY. HE BEGINS TO LOAD GUN AFTER GUN. Percy stares out at the lights, eyes wide.
25) 60) text: Audrey pulls her mother back into the diner. Michael hands an MP5 SUB-MACHINE GUN to Kyle. Another one goes to Percy. Finally he places a third one in Jeep's hands, who stares down at it anxiously.
25) 65) text: Michael's eyes narrow, studying Jeep.
25) 66) dialog: He can handle it. He doesn't have a choice.
25) 67) text: Michael pulls out twin MP5s for himself. GLOCK 9s are tuc everywhere they can go. Michael tosses clip belts to the men. Boxes of shotgun shells. The works.
25) 68) dialog: If you want to live, you'll do exactly as I say.
25) 70) dialog: When you fire, you keep your thumb off the slide. Don't hesitate. Don't do anything brave. There's no safety.
25) 71) text: He gives her a hard look.   She nods nervously.   Trustin but not sure why. Michael marches into the diner. Kyle glances quickly at t others, then he bolts after Michael. Percy follows.   Then Charlie. Now it's only Jeep and his father left.
26) 0) text: Frantic activity. Kyle and Michael push a booth in front the door, sealing off the entrance. Tables are turned on their sides to form makeshift shield Window blinds are snap closed.
26) 15) text: A flicker of LIGHT. And then FLASHLIGHT BEAMS CUT THROUGH THE DARKNESS...coming to rest on Michael's pale face. Michael looks up at the ceiling.
27) 0) text: A hatch opens and out comes Michael followed by Bob, Perc and Kyle. They quickly take their places behind the "Paradise" sign. Pitch black surrounds them. The RUMBLE OF ENGINES is gone, leaving only the RUSH OF T WIND coming up off the desert.
27) 2) text: Bob turns to Michael sharply.
27) 4) text: Michael is about to answer, when:
27) 18) dialog: Alright. There's a safety switch on the side of your gun. Push it all the way down. Two clicks.
27) 20) dialog: Now when this starts, you hold on tight, you hear me? If you don't, you're going to blow your hand off. Understand?
29) 6) dialog: Get ready!
29) 7) text: And the ICE CREAM MAN BOLTS for the diner with STARTLING SPEED! His movements aren't at all like those of a normal man, but rather like some kind of HUMAN INSECT. Michael aims.
29) 15) dialog: Now!   Shoot now!
29) 19) dialog: Spread out! Don't let them get close to the windows!
29) 20) text: The DARK SHAPES converge on the diner from all directions They move so strangely fast it seems that their feet don' actually touch the ground. From the roof it's a full-on turkey shoot as the men foll Michael's instructions and cut down everything in sight. Their faces lighting up with each FLASH. SHELL CASINGS spray from their weapons like water drops f a sprinkler. BODIES BURST and crumble to the dirt. The creatures don't seem to be afraid of dying. Their strategy appears to be their sheer numbers. With each wave, the dark figures get ever closer to the diner.
33) 2) text: Kyle turns happily to Michael.     Gone.   Kyle looks aro roof with alarm.
34) 5) dialog: No...     Not anymore.
34) 12) text: She glances back at Michael.       He's watching her.   T
34) 14) dialog: I told you not to do anything brave.
34) 20) dialog: Someone needs to be on the roof.
34) 25) text: All eyes on Michael.    These people want answers.      F
34) 30) dialog: The first time God lost faith in Man he sent a flood. The second time...he sent what you see outside.
34) 33) dialog: I'm saying this is an extermination. (BEAT) Those things out there are vessels. The Possessed. The weakest willed are the easiest to turn.
34) 35) dialog: No...by angels.
34) 38) text: Michael looks squarely at Percy.
34) 39) dialog: That's where your book is wrong.
34) 41) dialog: I know because until last night, I was on their side.
34) 43) text: Michael considers Jeep, then:
34) 44) dialog: Not anymore...
34) 50) dialog: That's fine, because He doesn't believe in you either.
34) 51) text: Bob stares at Michael, uncertain how to respond to that.
34) 55) text: Bob falls silent, confounded. Audrey hesitantly approaches Michael.
34) 57) dialog: Not you... (looks at Charlie) Her.
34) 60) dialog: Because your child is the only hope humanity has of surviving.
34) 63) text: But Michael isn't joking and Charlie's laughter becomes genuine fear.
34) 69) dialog: Exactly.
34) 76) dialog: None of that matters anymore. Either your child lives or Mankind dies.
34) 78) dialog: That's right.
34) 86) dialog: We won't have to...
34) 89) text: Michael nods. Charlie sways on her feet.   Jeep rests a hand on her shoulder, steadying her. With a CLANK Michael re-arms his weapon, turns to the gro with finality.
34) 90) dialog: If you want to live you'll do what I say. This first attack was a test of our strength. The next one will be a test of our weakness. (BEAT) Something much worse is on its way.
34) 93) dialog: We'll keep watch on the roof in shifts of two. Jeep, go get some tools. We need to close up this window before somebody else goes out.
34) 94) text: Jeep looks anxiously at Charlie, silent, scared, and then follows after Michael, leaving Charlie to stare at the SHATTERED WINDOW, the blinds flipping wildly in the wind.
36) 13) text: Meanwhile in a booth across the diner, Audrey is fiddling with Percy's old radio. Back and forth on the dial. Listening for anything. Nothing but STATIC. Up at the front of the diner, Jeep silently helps Michael nail broken table planks across the shattered window. He eyes the strange tatoos running down Michael's arms, the jagged wounds visible above his shirt line.
36) 15) text: Michael considers the question a beat, then:
36) 16) dialog: I was a soldier, a general, in His army.
36) 18) dialog: I was given an order I didn't believe in... (off Jeep's look:) He lost faith. I hadn't.
36) 19) text: Michael drives the last nail into place, securing the win
36) 21) text: Michael pauses a beat, as if unsure how much to say, then
36) 22) dialog: Sometimes we have to face the thing we fear the most in order to be free of it.
36) 23) text: Michael picks up his gun.
36) 24) dialog: It's almost time for the next shift.
36) 25) text: Michael heads for the roof, leaving Jeep to stare after h deep in thought.
38) 0) text: Michael is searching the horizon in front of the diner fo movement. His expression focused, determined. On the other side of the roof, Bob keeps watch, strugglin stay awake. The beer taking over. His eyes droop closed.
46) 0) text: Michael and Bob are tying Sandra to a chair. Not like it looks like she's capable of going anywhere, but you never know. Across the diner, Charlie eyes Michael cautiously. Michae never goes for more than a few moments without looking up her. It's not lecherous. More like a protective father making sure his child hasn't strayed too far. In a booth, Audrey watches, red-eyed, as Michael restrain her mother. Then she returns her attention to Percy's rad Tuning. Trying to find something, anything in the STATIC.
46) 14) dialog: No.    We're not going anywhere.
46) 20) dialog: We can't risk being on the move when the child comes. It's too dangerous.
50) 4) text: Jeep and Michael move to look through the slats at the window. Charlie is giving Sandra some water through a straw. Bob wanders in, squinting at the sudden presence of light
50) 6) dialog: I don't think so.
52) 3) text: Bob springs into action.   Pushes the booth away from the front door. The sound of a gun COCKING. Bob looks over to see Michael pointing a gun at his head.
52) 4) dialog: Don't. You open that door and we could all be dead.
56) 0) text: Panic. Charlie rushes to Michael's side.
56) 6) dialog: Wait.
56) 11) dialog: (raising his guns) Open the door.
56) 12) text: Bob springs into action, clearing the door and flipping t dead bolt. The door is opened and Michael charges passed Charlie and out into hell.
57) 0) text: With stunning calm, Michael marches straight for the pump IN THE MINIVAN, Audrey screams as the windows begin to CR She's running out of time. Michael grabs a gas pump, flips the lever and points it a the minivan. What's he up to? The creatures covering the car turn to look at Michael as they've just now noticed him. And that's when he starts spraying gas at them. But wait, there's more to this trick. Up comes Michael's Glock in h other hand and BLAM! BLAM! BLAM! The spray of gas EXPLODES into a SPRAY OF FIRE! The MINIVAN is engulfed in flames. Creatures tear away from the car like fiery comets throug the night. The windows EXPLODE, showering Audrey with tiny shards of glass. Michael drops the gas pump. He reaches through a fire rimmed broken car window and unlocks the door. Audrey looks up to see Michael's expressionless face CIRC BY A RING OF FIRE.
57) 1) dialog: Come with me.
57) 2) text: Meanwhile, fire is spreading quickly under the car... Michael pulls Audrey from the flaming vehicle.
57) 3) dialog: Run.
58) 0) text: Everyone's eyes go wide at the insanity they're witnessin Audrey is the first one in. Michael is almost there.   But the fire is faster, ENGULF
58) 4) text: BURSTING OUT OF THE FLAMES, Michael marches confidently i the diner. Jeep slams the door CLOSED just as the WALL OF FIRE REACHES THEM. Everyone hits the deck as the FIRE SHOOTS THROUGH THE SLA covering the windows like spindly fingers reaching for pr Michael's clothes are a smoky, smoldering mess.   Jeep an rush to pat him down. Audrey's coughing from the smoke.
58) 12) text: That's it.    She's backed against the end of the counter The boy raises the knife to strike. Charlie grabs a baking pan off a shelf. Swings it out in front of her body like a shield, as the KNIFE IS DRIVEN D CLANG! The knife hits the pan hard and stops. But the boy hands don't. They slip off the handle and run right down blade. The knife CLATTERS to the ground. The boy instinctively raises his hands to strike again, b there's no knife. Charlie watches in horror as the boy calmly realizes that THUMBS ARE MISSING. Blood sprays from the stumps. Charlie pulls her legs in close then rockets them out at boy's chest. He's catapulted away from her. Michael leaps over the counter, landing in front of Charl guns ready for action. But the boy is gone.
58) 13) dialog: Are you hurt?
58) 33) text: Jeep can't get a clear shot.       Bob's gasping for air. Michael grabs the boy and fiercely rips him off of Bob's back. He swings the boy around like a living shot put.
58) 34) dialog: Get ready!
58) 35) text: Jeep and Bob whip up their guns as Michael throws the wic creature into the air. Sandra's vacant face flickers in the light as the SOUND O GUNFIRE AND INHUMAN SCREAMING fill the diner. And then in moments...      All is QUIET. BEHIND THE COUNTER, Audrey helps Charlie to her feet. WINCES. Doubles over, clutching her stomach.
58) 37) text: Michael lowers his flashlight.      CLEAR FLUID runs down Charlie's legs.
60) 0) text: Charlie, drenched in sweat is writhing on the ground with Michael holding down her arms and Audrey kneeling between legs. Pots of steaming water surround them.
60) 2) dialog: Just do as I say.
62) 0) text: Michael reacts to the sound. An urgency comes over him. Audrey arrives with more steaming water.
62) 2) dialog: He's coming. We have to hurry.
62) 4) dialog: Charlie, I need you to push. I need you to push as hard as you can.
62) 7) dialog: We're almost there...
64) 6) text: Audrey looks to Michael, unsure.
64) 7) dialog: Take him... Give her a minute.
64) 14) text: Another DRONE OF THE HORN RATTLES THE WALLS.      Menacin Closer. Audrey   reacts, crosses to the counter, turns on the rad trying   to drown out the sound of the approaching menace of the   STATIC, the haunting sounds of BING CROSBY singi SILENT   NIGHT fills the room. The quiet before the storm Michael helps Charlie quickly clean herself up.     She s at him, a burning spite in her eyes.
64) 16) dialog: No. Killing the child would have ended the war before it had begun. Now, at least, he will have a chance to grow up, a chance to lead the world out of darkness.
64) 19) dialog: You'll need to teach him how.
64) 22) dialog: Each of us has a burden. This one is yours and yours alone. Maybe someday you'll understand what that means.
67) 0) text: Jeep and Bob enter the diner to see Michael helping Charl to her feet, while Audrey continues to pace, the bundle o bloody blankets cradled in her arms.
67) 6) dialog: The Possessed can't come near the child, so He sent someone that can. Someone like me.
67) 8) dialog: Gabriel. My lieutenant.      He's come to do what I wouldn't.
67) 11) text: Michael looks at Jeep.
67) 13) text: Michael nods grimly.    Charlie looks urgently at Michael
67) 17) dialog: There was never meant to be a Second Coming. But we've just changed that. The child lives. The future is unwritten. There's still hope.
67) 31) text: Michael cocks his gun.   Points it at Sandra.
67) 45) text: Michael fires again.   Blowing Sandra's body back through doorway. Jeep watches the baby sail SLOWLY through the air. The time for Jeep to act is now! Jeep DIVES for the baby...catching the bundle of rags mer inches from the ground! And then he looks up to see... The dark SILHOUETTE OF A MAN approaching from out of the spectral light. A MAN WITH WINGS. Jeep's eyes grow wide as the FIERCE ANGEL steps into the diner. But this looks like no angel we've seen before. This is a creature built for war. Rough hewn, battle scarred. His body armor making him appear disturbingly insect like. His wings are not feathery or gentle. Rather they are hard, mechanical, an organic machine. The angel's wings retract with clockwork-like precision. And now that we see the his face clearly, we notice his striking resemblance to Michael. We might even mistake th for brothers. His name is GABRIEL. Gabriel raises a massive, ferocious, strangely mechanical looking MACE in his powerful hands. And the world returns to NORMAL SPEED as Gabriel brings t mace arcing down at Jeep. Jeep rolls! CLANG! The weapon just misses him, hitting th floor in a spray of sparks, literally CRACKING THE GROUND Gabriel brings the mace up again.   Jeep won't be so luck twice.
67) 53) text: With a sweep of his hand, Gabriel sends Bob flying across diner where he crashes down behind the counter near the stove. Michael GRABS JEEP'S HAND before the boy can rush back in the fray.
67) 54) dialog: No, Jeep! You must protect the child now!
67) 56) dialog: My path ends here. You are the true protector. You always have been.
67) 59) dialog: Find the Prophets.   Learn to read the instructions.
67) 60) text: Michael lets go of Jeep's hand and turns away to face Gabriel, leaving Jeep to contemplate those final words.
67) 62) text: And that's when Jeep opens his hand to find the KEYS to Michael's Police Cruiser. Jeep looks up from the keys to see Charlie, Audrey and th baby. The responsibility crashing in on him. Then he clos his hand around the keys, determination building.
67) 67) text: Charlie looks past Jeep to see Michael returning to the f
69) 0) text: Michael and Gabriel square off in the diner, not like enemies, but like brothers on opposite sides of a terribl family conflict.
69) 5) dialog: I knew he'd send you, Gabriel. You were always so eager to please Him.
69) 7) dialog: To not feel their burden...is a dream.
69) 9) dialog: The child lives. What happens to me doesn't matter now.
69) 11) text: Michael slowly approaches Gabriel.
69) 12) dialog: (SOFT) I'm not running anymore.
69) 14) dialog: (SENSING) Join with me. You don't need do this. There's another way.
69) 17) text: He pulls back from Michael, raising the mace -- SCHING! - LONG DEADLY SHARP SPIKES BURSTS FROM ALL ITS SIDES...as i wasn't bad-ass enough. And the fight begins.
69) 21) text: It's mace against machine gun and strangely enough, it se under Gabriel's deft control, the mace is the vastly supe weapon. With the aid of his wings, Gabriel moves with staggering speed, defying gravity to avoid the rain of bullets. The place is getting absolutely shot to hell. Michael leaps from table top to table top as Gabriel brin the mace brutally down -- splintering everything it touch Michael leaps onto the last unbroken table top -- spins t fire. Gabriel pushes into the air, jabbing a spike straig into the barrel of Michael's MP5. The gun explodes in Michael's hands, sending him rocketing backwards where he lands on the counter. Gabriel swoops in fast. Michael kicks him in the chest, sending him fluttering back. Michael thrusts himself to his feet.   Gabriel recovers, again. Michael grabs a hold of Bob's ceiling mounted TV for supp and lifts his body just above the deadly spike. Michael kicks Gabriel in the head, momentarily stunning h Michael dives at Gabriel, landing an awesome flurry of punches. Gabriel is rattled back by the assault.   He clumsily lif his mace and thrusts with it. Michael narrowly evades the razor point, which drives int wall. Michael smashes down on Gabriel's wrist, CRACKING the bon A swift kick to the chest and Gabriel is thrust crashing back, losing his grip on the weapon. Michael takes a running leap onto Gabriel's back. Gabriel launches wildly into the air, trying to throw Mic off. They hit the ceiling, but Michael hangs on. Choking the life out of Gabriel.
72) 0) text: Gabriel flies into a wall in an attempt to crush Michael. fails that but succeeds in leaving a massive dent. Gabriel runs/flies for the opposite wall. This one doesn' hold and the two enemies crash through it into the bathro Unbelievably Michael is still holding on. Gabriel is up. He thrusts himself back into the bathroom mirror. It shatters painfully behind Michael. Gabriel rages out of the bathroom and into the diner. Michael continues to ride him like a wild bull. Gabriel slams Michael into a wall once more.   It's a bru struggle. Gabriel spots his mace sticking out of the wall within ar reach. He grabs it, holding it futilely in front of him. From th angle he'd never be able to hit Michael with it. Gabriel' strength is giving way. Michael is winning. Gabriel lets out a tremendous ROAR and plunges one of the mace's long spikes into his own stomach. Michael's eyes g wide with surprise, his grip loosens. Gabriel has run the both through. Gabriel rips the mace from his body and stumbles forward. Blood pours from a huge hole in Michael's chest.   Right through his heart. Gabriel looks down at the hole in his own belly. Not near as bad as Michael's. Apparently there's not a lot of bloo left in this guy. Michael falls to his knees.   Weakening. Gabriel looms over Michael.   Michael looks up at him, bl leaking from his mouth.
72) 2) text: Gabriel raises the mighty mace above his head. Michael closes his eyes.   Submitting. The mace comes swinging down...
74) 0) text: Gabriel is looking down upon Michael's broken body. Something is happening to his skin. The DARK WRITING THAT COVERS HIS BODY is beginning UN-WRITE itself and DISAPPEA
75) 4) text: A beat, as Jeep remembers Michael's parting words...
76) 0) text: Gabriel watches as the last of the writing FADES from Michael's body when he hears a faint CLICKING sound from somewhere in the diner. Gabriel moves gracefully through the destroyed diner, tow the source of the CLICKING. He steps behind the counter and finds Bob lying in a mass pool of blood. It takes the creature a moment to realize that the CLICKI sound is coming from Bob's SILVER ZIPPO. Bob is focusing every last ounce of life in his body to lighting that lighter. CLICK... CLICK... CLICK... Bob looks at Gabriel.