5) 0) text: BOB HANSEN (late 40's), owner and proprietor of this fine roadside establishment, attempts to fix the old TV hangin the corner above the counter by banging the shit out it. The restaurant itself has the kind of grungy diner charm you'd hope to find in a place last renovated in 1963. An plastic Christmas tree strung with flickering lights and tinsel occupies a lonely corner. Next to that, a faded diorama of the NATIVITY SCENE. The kind you might order o the Shopping Network. Bob considers the TV with a frown. He deftly rolls an ENGRAVED SILVER ZIPPO back and forth over the nicotine stained fingers of his right hand. Must be a nervous habi You can tell just by looking at the man that he's a beer drinker. Behind the counter, a black man named PERCY WALKER (60's) cooking up a storm on the grill with spectacular one-hand dexterity. You do get pretty good at this sort of thing w your other hand has long been replaced by a METAL HOOK. dog tags around his neck tell the story. His white cook's hat has been temporarily replaced by a red Santa hat.
5) 1) dialog: Lord as my witness, Bob, one of these days that thing's gonna hit you back.
5) 5) dialog: Yeah, they got names for that kind a relationship.
5) 21) text: And with that she turns back to the jukebox. Percy watche the exchange discreetly from behind the counter. Loving i Howard turns back to his wife.   Rigid smile.
11) 6) dialog: I told you to get the satellite TV. But you don't wanna listen.
11) 8) dialog: History Channel, man!
11) 23) dialog: Nice work, Bob. What the hell's that?
11) 35) text: Kyle hustles passed Percy. Charlie is standing by the Anderson's table, clearing dis Everybody's eyes are locked on the TV.
11) 39) text: Percy grabs an old battery powered radio off a kitchen sh Switches it on. STATIC.   He spins the dial until he reaches a clear sign The same HOLLOW TONE of Emergency Broadcasting.   Station after station the same thing. The diner is overwhelmed by a chilling chorus of HOLLOW TONES. Everyone goes very still.
13) 2) dialog: Lot a folks could be hurt.
13) 12) dialog: There ain't no radiation comin' from those things. Plus that don't explain the radio being out too. Some of those stations broadcast over hundreds of miles. Any quake that big and we would a felt it.
15) 88) text: Percy is the first to react. From behind the counter, he whips a heavy metal frying pan at Gladys that knocks her sideways. THWACK! BONES BREAK AND BURST FROM HER NECK.   Impossibly, Gladys still standing. She lets out an INHUMAN SCREAM and SCRAMBLES ACROSS THE DINER, knocking tables and chairs over in her wake. Bob pulls a shotgun from behind the counter.
15) 97) dialog: Shoot her, Jeep!
15) 105) dialog: SHOOT THE FUCKING BITCH!
15) 113) text: Obeying, she cups her hands over the hole in his neck, desperately trying to stop the flow of blood leaking out between her fingers. Percy scrambles over with a first-ai kit and together he and Kyle get to work on Howard's neck
16) 0) text: Kyle, Percy, Sandra and Audrey frantically carry Howard, neck bandaged, to the back of the Escalade.
17) 0) text: Howard lies in the back seat. Sandra by his head, claspin his hands in hers. Audrey by his feet. Percy rides shotgu Kyle struggles to get the key in the ignition. The engine ROARS to life.
19) 2) dialog: Seventy, maybe eighty miles.
21) 0) text: Bob and Jeep appear from the back, as Kyle, Percy, Audrey Sandra carry Howard into the diner, all of them stumbling gasping for air. Charlie moves in to help. Percy races for the back.
21) 3) dialog: To get my bible!
21) 5) dialog: Well somebody's gotta start prayin'...
22) 0) text: Percy and Charlie are tending to Howard. Sandra is holdin her husband's hand, trying to comfort him, while Audrey watches from a distance with grim fascination.
22) 1) dialog: (raises a bottle of
22) 5) text: Howard writhes as Percy pours alcohol on the wound. Sandra can't help but stare at Percy's hook. Meanwhile across the diner, Bob and Jeep peel back the tablecloth to examine Gladys' bullet riddled corpse. Kyle stands over them with Bob's shotgun trained on the body - just in case. Gladys is a real horror show. Bones jut out at obtuse ang from her neck -- a result of the blow to her head from Percy's frying pan.
25) 40) text: Michael's eyes flit momentarily in Charlie's direction. Considering her. The diner door opens and Percy steps cautiously out with and hook held up to show no threat. He's followed by Sand and Audrey. Michael sees them, but offers no indication that he cares
25) 45) dialog: Now, son, I'm sure you don't wanna go spillin' blood for no good reason in front of all these decent people, do ya? Our friend Bob here ain't worth the trouble it'd cause ya. (BEAT) So whaddya say `bout just lettin' `im go and then you can be on your way? Nice `n' easy.
25) 52) text: Michael walks swiftly around to the trunk of the cruiser. Pops it, revealing a staggering ARSENAL OF WEAPONRY. HE BEGINS TO LOAD GUN AFTER GUN. Percy stares out at the lights, eyes wide.
25) 53) dialog: Lord, have mercy. (waving back Audrey and
25) 60) text: Audrey pulls her mother back into the diner. Michael hands an MP5 SUB-MACHINE GUN to Kyle. Another one goes to Percy. Finally he places a third one in Jeep's hands, who stares down at it anxiously.
25) 71) text: He gives her a hard look.   She nods nervously.   Trustin but not sure why. Michael marches into the diner. Kyle glances quickly at t others, then he bolts after Michael. Percy follows.   Then Charlie. Now it's only Jeep and his father left.
26) 13) dialog: Everybody just stay still!
27) 5) dialog: Listen!
27) 7) dialog: You hear what I'm hearing?
27) 14) dialog: It sounds almost like...
27) 21) text: Kyle, Bob shoot quick anxious looks at Percy.
27) 22) dialog: The fuck y'all lookin' at me for?
29) 26) text: Percy tosses him a box of shells. But Bob fumbles the cat and the box slides halfway down the sloped roof.
29) 30) dialog: Bob!
29) 34) dialog: (extending his hook) Grab my hand!
29) 35) text: Bob reaches up and clasps Percy's hook, praying that it s on. But this chick ain't finished yet. Up she comes once more Her razor sharp fingernails claw up the metal roof. SCREE
29) 40) text: Percy tosses Bob a Glock. Fortunately this time Bob deftl catches it with his free hand just as the deranged woman pounces on him.
29) 45) text: Percy extends his hook hand, helping Bob ascend to safety
31) 0) text: Percy is swivelling left and right, firing like mad.
31) 1) dialog: Come on, motherfuckers!   Come on!
34) 19) text: No one responds.   Sandra and Audrey are huddled together Crying. Bob and Percy follow Kyle in, still shaking from the adrenaline.
34) 32) dialog: You sayin' this is the Apocalypse...?
34) 37) dialog: (pulls out his bible) Son, I don't know what bible you been readin', but in my version, the angels are the good guys.
34) 38) text: Michael looks squarely at Percy.
34) 52) dialog: C'mon, Bob. Have you looked outside recently? Those aren't exactly our regular customers out there.
34) 74) dialog: Makes you wonder about Mary.
35) 0) text: Percy and Kyle keep watch, rifles at their sides. They're wrapped up from head to toe in blankets to protect them f the cold and the flies. Percy scans the horizon.   Momentary SPECTRAL FLASHES dot darkness.
35) 5) dialog: They're out there. Sons of bitches. I can feel `em. (BEAT) Damn it's cold!
35) 6) text: Percy makes the unconscious motion of rubbing his "hands" together to keep them warm. Kyle notices. Sees the dog tags.
35) 8) dialog: Navy, two tours. But the second one didn't work out so well, so I didn't get to go back for a third. Suppose that makes me lucky in a way. Served with Bob, you know. That's how I ended up in this place.
35) 10) dialog: Dark.   Like this.
35) 12) dialog: So what's with that gun?
35) 14) dialog: Your piece. The one you killed grandma with. Don't reckon it's for huntin' buck.
35) 16) dialog: Protection from what?
35) 18) text: Percy looks at him skeptically.
35) 19) dialog: People.
35) 25) dialog: Just regular people or uh...
35) 27) dialog: Irregular people then.
35) 29) dialog: So it's a work thing, is it?
35) 31) dialog: This business of yours... You like it?
35) 34) text: Percy just stares at him, penetrating.     Finally:
35) 35) dialog: When I was a kid my father would sit by my bed every night before I'd go to sleep and he'd say to me, Percy, if you don't wake up tomorrow, if it turns out that today was your last day on earth, would you be proud of what you've done in this life? Cuz if you ain't, then you better start gettin' square.
35) 36) text: Kyle looks at Percy, fear in his eyes, then he turns back the darkness...and the evil that surrounds them.
36) 13) text: Meanwhile in a booth across the diner, Audrey is fiddling with Percy's old radio. Back and forth on the dial. Listening for anything. Nothing but STATIC. Up at the front of the diner, Jeep silently helps Michael nail broken table planks across the shattered window. He eyes the strange tatoos running down Michael's arms, the jagged wounds visible above his shirt line.
42) 0) text: The SHOUTING from the back office awakens the rest of the sleepers. Percy springs up. Charlie is shaking Jeep.
44) 0) text: Sandra and Audrey are locked in battle. Sandra slaps Audr hard. Audrey stumbles over Kyle and hits the floor. Percy appears in the doorway. Now is her last chance. Sandra whips open the back door a that's when the world hits SLOW MOTION. Howard is there.    A few feet away.   Alive. Sandra races toward him.    Just behind her comes Percy.
44) 2) text: And that's when the speed ACCELERATES TO NORMAL -- -- and the boils covering Howard's body explode -- sprayi streams of dark fluid toward Sandra -- -- just at the moment Percy spins around her, shielding h from the spray, which hits him in the back. But he's not stopping. Percy pushes Sandra back into the diner, the do SLAMMING closed behind them. Percy releases Sandra, letting her stumble hysterically i the room. Kyle and Jeep grab her, forcing her to the grou But she's not fighting anymore. Charlie turns to look at Percy who is still standing with back to the door, breathing heavily.
45) 0) text: Percy's body lies covered on the table. Bob stares rueful at his dead friend. A broken man. Tears stream down his face. He rolls the Zippo between his fingers. Jeep watches his father from the doorway.
46) 0) text: Michael and Bob are tying Sandra to a chair. Not like it looks like she's capable of going anywhere, but you never know. Across the diner, Charlie eyes Michael cautiously. Michae never goes for more than a few moments without looking up her. It's not lecherous. More like a protective father making sure his child hasn't strayed too far. In a booth, Audrey watches, red-eyed, as Michael restrain her mother. Then she returns her attention to Percy's rad Tuning. Trying to find something, anything in the STATIC.