5) 7) dialog: It's disgusting.
5) 13) text: Watching the scintillating action from a booth across the diner is a conservatively dressed SUBURBAN COUPLE. SANDRA and HOWARD ANDERSON. Fish out of water.
5) 14) dialog: Really, how can she go out in public wearing that?
5) 16) dialog: Howard, don't. You'll embarrass me.
5) 23) text: Sandra buries her face in her hands.
5) 24) dialog: I'm being punished for something, I know it.
11) 36) dialog: If there's a real emergency aren't they supposed to give us some information about what to do?
13) 5) dialog: So then why's the TV out?
13) 15) dialog: (covers her mouth) Oh god...
13) 24) dialog: Oh, this is just great.
15) 20) dialog: Nice to meet you, Gladys. I'm Sandra and this is my husband Howard.
15) 22) dialog: We're moving out to Scottsdale. But our truck broke down, and so we're stuck here while it's being fixed.
15) 25) dialog: Say, Gladys, it seems the lines are down around here. The phone and TV, you know?
15) 29) text: SANDRA (cont'd) And I just was wondering if you might have heard something on your way up? You know, about what's going on?
15) 32) text: Sandra nods at the old woman, unsure of what to make of t response. The fly that was circling her head, now lands on GLADYS'S FACE. It crawls across her cheek without her reacting in least. Howard and Sandra exchange looks.    Creepy. The door JINGLES and Jeep walks in. He heads straight for quiet huddle with Bob. All the while though, he keeps one eye fixed on the old lady sitting at the table near the Andersons. Something about her...
15) 71) text: Gladys begins to laugh innocently as she continues to dev her meat. Red juice drips down her chin. The flies are swarming now. How did so many get in here? Sandra and Howard are mortified at this sudden turn of events.
15) 73) dialog: Gladys, please. There's no reason to --
15) 76) text: Sandra covers her mouth in shock.    Everybody in the din now focused on the old lady. Howard gets up from the booth.
15) 77) dialog: Howard, it's okay!     Don't listen to her!
15) 108) dialog: Somebody help me!
15) 109) text: Sandra is on the floor with her husband.     Blood pours from his neck. Kyle stares at the dying man -- a moment of hesitation -- then he rushes to help.
15) 111) text: Sandra looks fearfully up at Kyle, at the gun still in hi hand.
16) 0) text: Kyle, Percy, Sandra and Audrey frantically carry Howard, neck bandaged, to the back of the Escalade.
17) 0) text: Howard lies in the back seat. Sandra by his head, claspin his hands in hers. Audrey by his feet. Percy rides shotgu Kyle struggles to get the key in the ignition. The engine ROARS to life.
21) 0) text: Bob and Jeep appear from the back, as Kyle, Percy, Audrey Sandra carry Howard into the diner, all of them stumbling gasping for air. Charlie moves in to help. Percy races for the back.
22) 0) text: Percy and Charlie are tending to Howard. Sandra is holdin her husband's hand, trying to comfort him, while Audrey watches from a distance with grim fascination.
22) 5) text: Howard writhes as Percy pours alcohol on the wound. Sandra can't help but stare at Percy's hook. Meanwhile across the diner, Bob and Jeep peel back the tablecloth to examine Gladys' bullet riddled corpse. Kyle stands over them with Bob's shotgun trained on the body - just in case. Gladys is a real horror show. Bones jut out at obtuse ang from her neck -- a result of the blow to her head from Percy's frying pan.
25) 54) dialog: You ladies best get back inside.
25) 55) dialog: What is it? What's happening? Who is this man? Why's he driving a police car?
26) 6) dialog: It's okay!     Everything's okay!
26) 7) text: Sandra closes her eyes.        Struggling to believe it. Suddenly the ELECTRICITY GOES OUT, dipping the room into DARKNESS.
30) 0) text: Hiding in the shadows... listening to sounds of WAR just outside. Sandra squeezes her hands over her ears.   A few feet awa Audrey clutches a butcher's knife. Jeep's eyes darting from one window to another.   Trying keep it together. Charlie is crouched down behind the counter, holding the handgun close to her pregnant belly. Distant EXPLOSIONS rattle the plates on the shelves. Charlie peers out from behind the counter to look at the front windows. Momentary FLASHES of intense light outline the closed bli Another FLASH lights up Charlie's face.    Staring.
32) 0) text: ON CHARLIE staring at the window.    CLOSER.   Charlie's wide as -- SMASH!   A DARK SHAPE crashes through the window.    Glas sand and dust swirl in. Audrey and Sandra SCREAM. Charlie springs up from her hiding place, gun ready. Jeep spins around, pointing his gun, searching franticall for the intruder. It's so dark!
32) 2) text: Audrey shakes her head, tears streaming down her cheeks. looks over at her mother. Sandra's eyes are closed. It's too much.
32) 4) dialog: I can't!   I can't!
32) 5) text: Suddenly Howard's body is TORN AWAY from Sandra. Somethin got hold of his legs!   That gets Sandra's eyes open!
32) 6) dialog: (springing after her
32) 8) text: Howard screams deliriously as he's dragged rapidly throug the diner toward the broken front window. He flails about desperately trying to grab a hold of something. Sandra scrambles after her husband.   Reaching for him.
32) 10) text: The creature reaches the window. Sandra dives for Howard' outstretched hands. She has him! The creature's progress is abruptly halted at the shatter window.   It turns back toward Sandra -- a shaft of light falling across its face, reveals: A TEENAGE GIRL of about Audrey's age.   Her skin is a dea blue. Her pupils a GHASTLY WHITE.
32) 15) text: Sandra screams, holds on.
32) 16) dialog: No!
32) 17) text: Charlie and Audrey rush to Sandra's side, grabbing Howard arms. Jeep is right behind them ready to fire at the creature, with the women in the way, he can't get a clear shot. So discards the gun and grabs Howard's arms. Howard screams as his body is torturously stretched.   A tug-of-war.
32) 20) dialog: Howard!
32) 29) text: Without the help, Audrey and Sandra can't hold on any lon Howard is ripped from of his family's hands and out the window.
34) 2) dialog: Let me go!     He's alive!
34) 3) text: Sandra slaps at him frantically as he carries her away fr the window and thrusts her down into a back booth.
34) 4) dialog: He's alive!
34) 6) text: Sandra breaks down.
34) 19) text: No one responds.   Sandra and Audrey are huddled together Crying. Bob and Percy follow Kyle in, still shaking from the adrenaline.
34) 40) dialog: How come you know so much about them?
34) 85) dialog: How are we supposed to survive here for a month?
36) 0) text: Bob plays with his trusty zippo with one hand and grills some steaks with the other. He pauses in his cooking ever few moments to take a slug from a can of beer. Can't get down fast enough. Sandra sits at the counter across from him, staring at a prescription bottle tipped in front of her, pills spread around. Bob glances over, sees the devastation in her eyes. He pu another can of beer from underneath the counter, pops it places it in front of her.
36) 3) dialog: Thanks.
36) 5) dialog: Couldn't eat if my life depended on it.
36) 7) text: Sandra takes another sip of beer.   Considers it.
36) 8) dialog: Never much cared for beer. Howard's the beer drinker in the family.
39) 0) text: Sandra awakens with a start.
39) 1) dialog: Howard?
40) 0) text: Sandra splashes water on her face.   Stares at herself in mirror. A living wreck.
41) 0) text: Sandra steps out of the bathroom.
41) 2) text: Sandra freezes.
41) 3) dialog: Who's there?
41) 6) text: Sandra spins around.    Searching.
41) 11) dialog: Howard?     Is that you?
41) 14) text: This time, it's clear where the voice is coming from. turns to face the BACK DOOR. A desk blocks it. Sandra ever so slowly approaches the door.
41) 16) text: Sandra is stricken.    What the hell is she going to do? That's when Sandra notices the TRANSOM WINDOW above the d She climbs onto the desk and stretches up until she can s out.
41) 17) text: Howard. Her husband. Ten feet away from the door.     NAI TO AN UPSIDE-DOWN CROSS. But wait. It gets worse. His skin is covered with horribl black boils. And even worse than that. Howard's boils are breathing. Sandra goes slack with horror.
41) 20) dialog: Howard!
41) 21) text: Sandra scrambles down off the desk and frantically pushes away from the door. She's reaching for the dead bolt when Audrey and Kyle appear in the doorway.
41) 23) text: Kyle races to restrain Sandra.
41) 24) dialog: Let me go!     He's alive!
41) 28) text: She struggles against him, throwing a wild elbow that tag Kyle in the face. Down he goes. Sandra is about to open the door when Audrey pounces on h
44) 0) text: Sandra and Audrey are locked in battle. Sandra slaps Audr hard. Audrey stumbles over Kyle and hits the floor. Percy appears in the doorway. Now is her last chance. Sandra whips open the back door a that's when the world hits SLOW MOTION. Howard is there.    A few feet away.   Alive. Sandra races toward him.    Just behind her comes Percy.
44) 1) dialog: Howard!
44) 2) text: And that's when the speed ACCELERATES TO NORMAL -- -- and the boils covering Howard's body explode -- sprayi streams of dark fluid toward Sandra -- -- just at the moment Percy spins around her, shielding h from the spray, which hits him in the back. But he's not stopping. Percy pushes Sandra back into the diner, the do SLAMMING closed behind them. Percy releases Sandra, letting her stumble hysterically i the room. Kyle and Jeep grab her, forcing her to the grou But she's not fighting anymore. Charlie turns to look at Percy who is still standing with back to the door, breathing heavily.
46) 0) text: Michael and Bob are tying Sandra to a chair. Not like it looks like she's capable of going anywhere, but you never know. Across the diner, Charlie eyes Michael cautiously. Michae never goes for more than a few moments without looking up her. It's not lecherous. More like a protective father making sure his child hasn't strayed too far. In a booth, Audrey watches, red-eyed, as Michael restrain her mother. Then she returns her attention to Percy's rad Tuning. Trying to find something, anything in the STATIC.
50) 4) text: Jeep and Michael move to look through the slats at the window. Charlie is giving Sandra some water through a straw. Bob wanders in, squinting at the sudden presence of light
58) 35) text: Jeep and Bob whip up their guns as Michael throws the wic creature into the air. Sandra's vacant face flickers in the light as the SOUND O GUNFIRE AND INHUMAN SCREAMING fill the diner. And then in moments...      All is QUIET. BEHIND THE COUNTER, Audrey helps Charlie to her feet. WINCES. Doubles over, clutching her stomach.
64) 29) text: If Sandra hears her daughter, it doesn't show in her face Tears well up in Audrey's eyes as she moves away from her mother. But we HOLD here and... DRIFT DOWN BEHIND THE CHAIR TO REVEAL Sandra's hands are loosening the bonds. BLOOD TRICKLES from where the rope's cut through her skin.
67) 27) dialog: Stay away from me!    Don't come any closer!
67) 30) dialog: You heard what he said. They just want the baby. Maybe if we just give it to them, then they'll let us go!
67) 31) text: Michael cocks his gun.   Points it at Sandra.
67) 35) dialog: Why?! You never wanted him in the first place!
67) 38) text: Sandra is almost to the front door.
67) 39) dialog: It's just one baby.   Just one.
67) 45) text: Michael fires again.   Blowing Sandra's body back through doorway. Jeep watches the baby sail SLOWLY through the air. The time for Jeep to act is now! Jeep DIVES for the baby...catching the bundle of rags mer inches from the ground! And then he looks up to see... The dark SILHOUETTE OF A MAN approaching from out of the spectral light. A MAN WITH WINGS. Jeep's eyes grow wide as the FIERCE ANGEL steps into the diner. But this looks like no angel we've seen before. This is a creature built for war. Rough hewn, battle scarred. His body armor making him appear disturbingly insect like. His wings are not feathery or gentle. Rather they are hard, mechanical, an organic machine. The angel's wings retract with clockwork-like precision. And now that we see the his face clearly, we notice his striking resemblance to Michael. We might even mistake th for brothers. His name is GABRIEL. Gabriel raises a massive, ferocious, strangely mechanical looking MACE in his powerful hands. And the world returns to NORMAL SPEED as Gabriel brings t mace arcing down at Jeep. Jeep rolls! CLANG! The weapon just misses him, hitting th floor in a spray of sparks, literally CRACKING THE GROUND Gabriel brings the mace up again.   Jeep won't be so luck twice.