1) 0) text: We hear the VOICE of Aldous Snow (30s), English rock star drugged out of his mind, in his empty apartment. Floor to ceiling windows look out on beautiful views of the Thames the London cityscape. We PAN PAST a leather couch, a pile trash, an Andy Warhol on the floor, various drug paraphernalia.
1) 1) dialog: You enjoying this?
1) 3) dialog: How about this? Suddenly Aldous is peeing on the Prostitute.
1) 5) dialog: How about this? Aldous THROWS UP on the prostitute and COLLAPSES.
1) 8) text: The Prostitute KICKS Aldous. Aldous laughs as she leaves
1) 9) dialog: (with an odd flourish) You are welcome, milady! He lights a cigarette, grabs the remote and FLIPS ON THE
3) 0) text: A crazily drunk Aldous gets TOSSED OUT of the pub’s PLATE GLASS WINDOW. A BIG IRISH GUY comes out.
3) 2) dialog: We should have killed all you Irish when we had the chance. The Irish Guy GRABS Aldous. Aldous licks the Irish guy’s face. The Irish Guy drops him, disgusted.
3) 3) dialog: Make love to me my Irish lass! EXT. DOWNTOWN LOS ANGELES ARTISTS’ LOFT BUILDING - DAY Aaron and Daphne are in a rather grungy area of downtown They walk through a protective cage into a newly renovate building that is advertising “Real Artists’ Lofts.”
4) 3) text: Definitely! Daphne jumps up and down, hugs Aaron and heads off to exp the loft. Aaron looks very, very nervous. INT. ALDOUS SNOWS’S LIVING ROOM - DAY Aldous and a COURTNEY LOVE-ESQUE girlfriend.
4) 7) dialog: I’M NOT THE ONE WHO FUCKED YOU OVER!!! YOU’RE THE ONE WHO FUCKED
4) 11) dialog: 
4) 14) dialog: DON'T GO!!! I LOVE YOU!!! DON’T
4) 17) dialog: Fuck off you cunts! He heads back into his house.
10) 5) dialog: Top notch. + eH
10) 9) dialog: Oh, please. I wish her all the best. She has a kind, old soul.
10) 11) dialog: I’m ready to perform.
10) 13) dialog: I want to perform. At the Greek Theater. In Los Angeles. Be a dear and throw that together for me, will you?
10) 15) dialog: (covering the phone, to the Girl) Does it seem like I’m done down there? She goes back below the covers. INT. SERGIO’S OFFICE - MOMENTS LATER Sergio meets with Pinnacle’s Lawyer.
10) 28) dialog: (on video) You all want to see something fantastic? The crowd cheers. Aldous PUNCHES HIMSELF IN THE HEAD OVER AND OVER AGAIN, turning his head into a bloody mess. We t CUT BACK TO THE EXECUTIVES.
10) 51) text: What a wonderful notion. Well, let's just say that around Aldous Snow’s kind heart is an eternal plane of dark evil shit. (then) This tour is potentially worth a hundred million dollars. You fuck this up, you owe me a hundred million dollars. Understood?
11) 17) dialog: Right. You’re meant to accompany me on my trip to LA. Make sure I don’t go all bonkers.
11) 20) dialog: This is my mother, Lena. Looking gorgeous as always. Aldous and Lena KISS on the lips.
11) 24) dialog: I like it sweet like my mum.
11) 26) dialog: Not as much as you spoil me. No other woman on Earth has ever loved me as much as you do. They kiss on the lips again. Lena heads out.
11) 27) dialog: (to the Rock Guy) So then what happened? Aldous hands Aaron his joint. Aaron, not wanting to seem uncool, takes a toke. + eH
11) 33) dialog: Then what happened?
11) 36) dialog: (zeroing in on him like a guided missile) You have? What happened?
11) 40) dialog: Specifically.
11) 48) dialog: How’d you respond? When the border guard said that?
11) 50) dialog: That is something.
11) 54) dialog: I love you, mum. We’re always afraid to say what we really mean. I mean, this could very well be the last time I ever see you. I love you and I’m not afraid to tell you that. Aldous and Lena hug. Aldous starts tearing up.
11) 62) dialog: (covering) There’s just too much love in this world. It’s overwhelming.
11) 65) dialog: Not yet. We gotta stop by Captain Knob’s first. If I’m gonna perform, I need my bandmates. EXT. CAPTAIN KNOB’S HOUSE - DAY Aldous and Aaron stand outside a country house. The door swings open revealing CAPTAIN KNOB.
11) 69) dialog: All cleaned up now, Abby. I promise.
11) 73) dialog: You gotta come, man. Don’t make me beg.
12) 6) dialog: Where are you going? Aren’t you going to sit back here with me? I'll be lonely without you.
13) 0) text: Aaron and Aldous sit in the back seat.
13) 1) dialog: Captain Knob’s a good one. But that Abby’s got him all turned around.
13) 3) dialog: I’m glad they sent me someone who's experienced. With the controlled substances.
13) 5) dialog: I've been a little busy. Putting the finishing touches on my new album.
13) 7) dialog: Not yet at the recording stage. Still conceptualizationing. But like in my brain, it’s like done, you know? How long have you been working at Pinnacle?
13) 11) dialog: So you got a lady?
13) 13) dialog: So, how long you’ve been with her?
13) 15) dialog: You live with her?
13) 17) dialog: Has it been easy? Hard?
13) 19) dialog: How lucky. I always found it difficult to live with ladies.
13) 21) dialog: Do you get along with her parents?
13) 23) dialog: If I listened to what my dad said, I'd be all messed up in my head.
13) 25) dialog: What’s your type? Like your perfect woman?
13) 31) dialog: Besides her, like if it couldn’t be her. Like if she died or left you or something.
13) 33) dialog: Looks?
13) 35) dialog: Around her tits? Or including her tits?
13) 37) dialog: Parents married or divorced?
13) 39) dialog: That’s a shame. Who’s fault?
13) 41) dialog: This bird I love who lives in LA, she just got engaged, so I’m gonna try to get her back and if she don’t take me back I’m gonna kill myself. Aaron laughs, thinking Aldous is joking.
13) 42) dialog: Funny, right? My life, it’s humorous. I like you. Do you like me?
13) 44) dialog: You won't ever betray me?
13) 46) dialog: I’m not the rock star. You are. Aaron looks out the window and smiles. This is way easier than he thought it would be. INT. HEATHROW —- BATHROOM - DAY Aaron’s on his cell phone. SPLIT SCREEN with Sergio who r on a treadmill incredibly fast without sweating or even really breathing hard.
14) 0) text: Aldous and Aaron are standing in line. Aaron is talking a smiling while Aldous is starting to look a bit uneasy.
14) 2) dialog: (leaning in and whispering) Shove this up your bum.
14) 7) dialog: (whispering intensely) I said shove this up your bum now.
14) 9) dialog: (whispering intensely) It’s heroin, what do you think it is? Aldous grabs Aaron’s pants and starts to try to shove the heroin down his pants. Aaron tries to get away. The Security looks over to see what the commotion is about.
14) 10) dialog: (whispering intensely) Stop acting all mental and let me shove this heroin up your ass already. I thought you used to run heroin all the time.
14) 12) dialog: (whispering intensely) Shove it up your ass or I throw a bloody fit and we’re both sent to Guantanamo to be assraped by bin Laden. They're almost at the head of the line... Aaron sees his flashing before his eyes. He grabs the balloon and shoves down the back of his pants.
14) 13) dialog: (whispering intensely) Not so hasty. 38. Aldous pulls a tube of KY Jelly out of his manpurse and spritzes it on the balloon in Aaron’s hand. Aaron shoves balloon down his pants, grimaces and shoves it up his ass He removes his hand.
14) 14) dialog: (intense whispering) Is it up there?
14) 16) dialog: (intense whispering) No part of it is sticking out of your anal cavity?
14) 18) dialog: (intense whispering) On occasion. Suddenly they’re at the front of the line. Aaron holds hi hand away from his body, disgusted as to where it’s been.
14) 20) dialog: Guilty as charged.
14) 22) dialog: Clean as a whistle.
14) 24) dialog: Diabetes. Doctor’s note inside. 39.
14) 26) dialog: You're welcome. Well all cleaned up now. No vomiting anymore. (then) This is my good friend, Aaron.
15) 0) text: Aaron and Aldous sit in the first class club. Aldous is leafing through NME magazine. Aaron’s trying not to hyperventilate. 40.
15) 2) dialog: Morally you should.
15) 4) dialog: My quit date isn’t until next week.
15) 6) dialog: A year before you quit you pick a quit date. If I quit before my quit date my whole AA plan goes out the window.
15) 8) dialog: If I don’t do heroin this week I’1l jump the gun on my quit date, which I picked over a year ago and have been mentally preparing for ever since, then my inability to quit once and for all will be on your conscience. Do you want that on your conscience?
15) 10) dialog: If it had burst you'd know. Believe me.
15) 12) dialog: You'd feel like a warmth, followed by like a stinging pain, like a real sharp stinging fiery pain, followed by organ failure and death. A Club Waitress appears.
15) 14) dialog: I’m a former alcoholic, so no thank you. However my young friend would love a champagne. It’1ll help him relax.
15) 16) dialog: Drink it down.
15) 18) dialog: Drink it down. It’1l help loosen the sphincter. Ironically a loose sphincter aids anal control.
15) 20) dialog: Drink it the fuck down. Aldous grabs the drink and brings it up to Aaron’s lips. Aaron drinks it down.
16) 3) dialog: Oy oy. Has that flight to New York left yet?
16) 5) dialog: Can we switch to that then?
16) 7) dialog: Here you go, love. Aldous tosses a bundle of cash on the table.
16) 9) dialog: Before a show, I always get my axe at Manny’s Guitar in New York City. Did it for my first show when I was fifteen. I ain’t stopping now. Right, love?
17) 0) text: A terrified Aaron and Aldous head down the gangplank. The are greeted by the Flight Attendant. 43.
17) 3) dialog: Hi there, love. Well aren’t you looking beautiful today? I should fly all the time.
19) 0) text: Aaron stares at the Fasten Seat Belt sign. illuminated. Aldous opens his manpurse. It’s still 45.
19) 1) dialog: If for any crazy reason, I have a health emergency, solution’s in here. REVEAL that the manpurse is filled with needles and every single kind of painkiller. As Aldous says each thing, he pulls the appropriate pill or bandage out of the purse.
19) 2) dialog: I got a headache, I got a bad headache, I got a really bad headache, I got a bullet in m’leg or knife in m’arm, and, of course, if my heart’s stopped. Aldous pulls out an adrenaline needle.
19) 4) dialog: No. Like from life. Got it?
19) 7) dialog: You are not taking a shit.
19) 9) dialog: You take a shit you owe me a thousand quid. The seatbelt sign BINGS off.
19) 11) dialog: I've got my eye on you. 46. Aaron nods. We follow him in ONE LONG, UNCUT SHOT as he WALKS UP TO THE GALLEY, pours himself a glass of water an then HEADS BACK TO HIS SEAT to find Aldous HAVING SEX WIT FLIGHT ATTENDANT. Aaron, not knowing what to do, continue PAST THEIR SEATS to the bathroom. Aaron starts to sweat h The bathroom light goes out and a businessman steps out. Aaron heads into the bathroom.
21) 0) text: Aldous sees Aaron’s seat is empty. Aldous jumps up and heads to the bathroom and starts knocking on the door.
21) 1) dialog: Guess who just had a little bit of sex with the flight attendant?
21) 3) dialog: What’s going on in there, friend?
21) 5) dialog: You better not be taking a shit. That’s my property.
21) 7) dialog: Because if you’re currently shitting, you are stealing from me. Let me in or I swear I'll punch my shoulder straight through the door. I'm hyperventilating! Let me in! (there’s a flush) What was that?! Aaron opens the door.
21) 10) text: Aldous pushes Aaron into the bathroom and closes the door
22) 0) text: Aaron and Aldous are now in the bathroom.
22) 1) dialog: Where’s the heroin?
22) 3) dialog: Prove it to me.
22) 5) dialog: So...
22) 7) dialog: It was wrong of me to make you stash it up your bum. That was not right.
22) 9) dialog: I understand why you expelled it. It’s scary having that much dope so close to one’s intestinal track.
22) 11) dialog: You fucking evacuated it you cunt! If we don’t find it you owe me a thousand quid! Aldous starts digging around in the toilet. 48.
22) 13) dialog: You calm down immediately and help me retrieve my property! Aaron starts digging around in the toilet along with Aldo
22) 14) dialog: Get in there!
22) 18) dialog: What do you feel?
22) 20) dialog: Take a breath! You’re healthy! I’m healthy! We’re both alive and excited to be alive! Now what do you feel?
22) 22) dialog: What do you feel? 49.
22) 24) dialog: This is fantastic! Are you fingers around it?
22) 26) dialog: Now yank it out!
22) 30) dialog: You've got it! Aaron looks in his hand. There indeed is the balloon.
22) 31) dialog: Against all odds, you did it! I’m proud of you.
22) 34) dialog: Put it back up there. You know what happens if I’m caught with it? You know, right? I/’11 give you some privacy. Aldous leaves the bathroom. 50.
23) 0) text: Aaron sits back down next to Aldous. Aldous leans over an shows Aaron a photo on his cell.
23) 1) dialog: Check this out. That’s our flight attendant, ten minutes ago. It’s a photo Aldous took of him having sex with the fligh attendant.
23) 3) dialog: Them meal carts are sharp. Aaron takes the phone and starts scrolling through it. It filled with photos of Aldous with different women.
23) 4) dialog: If my mobile could talk... it would mainly talk about fucking.
24) 0) text: Aaron and Aldous get in the car.
24) 2) dialog: Actually, Four Seasons, midtown.
24) 4) dialog: I know that. You’re like a nagging wife. Nag nag nag. (then) I gotta get cleaned up. That was a long flight. And unlike you I just had sex with someone. 51.
26) 0) text: Aldous is sitting on the balcony. Pigeons walk along the railing. Aaron walks out onto the balcony and puts the no cleaned up balloon in front of Aldous.
26) 1) dialog: Aaron, look, a lot of people would have walked away then. I think a stronger person would stay through this. And that person is you.
26) 3) dialog: Daphne is very lucky. Does Daphne know how lucky she is?
26) 5) dialog: I think she does. Look, after putting you through what I just put you through, I don’t think I could ever do anything that bad again. I don't like myself when I’m like that. But the drugs take hold and well, you know the story.
26) 7) dialog: And well you might ask. And well you might ask. I feel the fates brought us together. I see myself when I was your age.
26) 9) dialog: But hopped up on smack. And fucking Giselle Bunchen. Enjoy the view and order anything you want from room service. Aldous heads into the room. Aaron looks out at the view. It's a pretty amazing view. He smiles again. This is rock star living no matter if you had to have a balloon of her up your ass to achieve it. He sees the balloon on the tab He touches it. He holds it in his hand and squeezes it. H squeezes it again. He starts absentmindedly squeezing it like a stress ball while looking out at the view.
26) 13) dialog: So, where do you want to go tonight? He sees what’s going on. Aaron doesn’t know what to do.
27) 0) text: Aaron and Aldous are in a car service in a particularly s section of New York. A group of homeless men are talking around a garbage can.
27) 2) dialog: Money don’t mean nothing to me. Just things. And drugs.
27) 4) dialog: Because I’m famous. I could get in * trouble for this shit. Now go out * there and make pappa proud. *
27) 6) dialog: By not getting it for me, you're just making it inconvenient, slowing down the inevitable. And * there’s no need to whisper. * (to the limo driver) How many times have you had to purchase drugs for someone? 55.
27) 9) dialog: Ohmigod, really?
27) 11) dialog: You think I give a shit what kind of heroin buying experience you have? Oh, I only want a lad who majored in drug purchasing at Oxford buying my drugs. (then) This is your first challenge. I’1l admit the glamour goes away. Stay for the party, fuck off when it’s time to clean up.
27) 13) dialog: I guess that’s why Daphne’s dad hates you. And right he should.
27) 15) dialog: But I know your type. You are a vampire, sucking the life out of others so that you can live.
27) 17) dialog: -- small potatoes. You think David Geffen would walk away from this? (MORE )
27) 20) dialog: How many pounds of heroin has Geffen transported up his ass in his lifetime to get his yacht? More than an ounce. *
28) 0) text: Aaron walks towards the trash can. He turns to see the li drive away, Aldous giving him a thumbs up. Aaron joins th group of guys around the garbage can.
30) 1) dialog: You are a dear. A total dear. Aldous hugs Aaron.
30) 2) dialog: I was harsh, but that’s because life is challenging and this is one of those challenges.
30) 4) dialog: I got you a present. Aldous hands Aaron diamond earrings.
30) 5) dialog: Or rather it’s for your great love, Daphne.
30) 7) dialog: I've been a shit. It is completely necessary. It is the most necessary thing I have done in my entire life. I’1l be back ina moment and then let’s go to Manny’s to get me an axe. Aldous leaves. Aaron looks at the diamonds.
30) 10) dialog: (rapping) You gotta ring around your rosy/Let me get into your posy/Finger it around/Get all up in town!
30) 11) dialog: And we all! Go! Down! They kiss and then FALL OUT OF FRAME. ANGLE ON THE DOOR A Aaron enters the bedroom. Aldous’s passed out on the bed a drug induced stupor. It’s a creepy, sad moment.
30) 12) dialog: Give me five minutes, mate. Just five. Five alive.
30) 16) text: EXT. MANNY’S MUSIC - DAY Aldous and Aaron get out of a limo at the venerable New Y institution, Manny’s Music. INT. MANNY’S MUSIC - CONTINUOUS They walk inside. Guitars everywhere. Guitars cover the walls, the floor, etc. The shop is immediately abuzz. Aldous Snow, famous rocker, has walked inside. PHIL, the store’s owner, comes up to them.
30) 18) dialog: The Reaper hasn’t got me yet. This is my best American friend, Aaron Greenberg.
30) 21) dialog: What do you think? Phil hands an electric Stratocaster to Aldous.
30) 23) dialog: (bristling) I heard a bit about that, sure. Aldous starts strumming Let It Be. As he plays, a crowd gathers around him. Aaron starts to smile. This is actual pretty cool.
30) 24) dialog: When I find myself in times of trouble, mother Mary comes to me, speaking words of wisdom, let it be./ (Aldous starts crying) And in my hour of darkness she is standing right in front of me, speaking words of wisdom, let it be. 63. The crowd starts crying as well. Even Aaron is tearing up
30) 25) dialog: (Aldous starts to cry ludicrously hard) Let it be, let it be, let it be, let it be. Whisper words of wisdom, let it be./Let it be, let it be, let it be, there will be answer, let it be, let it be. Aldous is crying. Phil is crying. Aaron is crying. The crowd is crying. It’s an incredibly emotional moment. Aldous starts to howl with sadness. Suddenly some of the crowd stop crying. Aldous then takes the guitar and smash it. In his extreme sadness, Aldous takes the destroyed guitar and starts smashing all the guitars on the floor a in the store.
30) 27) dialog: Let is be! Let it be! Let it be! With wild abandon, Aldous goes crazy. Aaron jumps on Aldous’s back to try to stop him.
30) 28) dialog: Abhhh! Unhand me! Let me be! Let me be! Aldous spins wildly and then backs Aaron into the glass window, cracking it. EXT. MANNY’S MUSIC Aaron pulls Aldous out of the shop. The limo pulls up. Th Limo Driver gets out and Aldous jumps in. Phil comes out.
30) 31) dialog: I’m really sorry, Phil. My head is like wohhh. Are we all good? Immediately, Phil and Aaron are on their best yes man behavior.
30) 32) dialog: Course we are, man.
30) 38) dialog: When you’re done settling up, you want to grab some nosh over at the Russian Tea Room?
30) 40) dialog: Sure thing, Phil. Aldous goes back into the limo. Aaron SUCKER punches Phil Phil punches Aaron back. Aaron kicks Phil hard. Phil star punching Aaron.
31) 0) text: Aaron and Aldous are in the backseat. Aaron is breathing hard and covered in sweat, but trying to cover. Phil stan up. Aldous rolls down the window.
31) 3) dialog: I don’t think I could even do anything that bad again.
31) 5) dialog: When the worst possible thing has already happened, it could not possibly get worse and therefore it’‘1ll just be an uphill trajectory from here on out.
31) 7) dialog: Do you ever curse? Because now is a moment where you are well within your rights to curse.
31) 9) dialog: Say the word fuck.
31) 11) dialog: Like, shut the fuck up.
31) 13) dialog: And calm the fuck down you crazy motherfucking fucker.
31) 15) dialog: Cause I want you to. Say it. Say it, puppet, say it.
31) 17) dialog: Very nice. I like that.
33) 0) text: Aldous and Aaron are in flight. Aldous grabs his phone an looks at the photos.
33) 1) dialog: Who’s all that? 67.
33) 3) dialog: You in touch with them still?
33) 5) dialog: Must be nice to have that.
33) 7) dialog: I do. My pop’s another story.
33) 9) dialog: Nah. I hate that man. He wrote an unauthorized biography about his own son. Who does that? I’ve come to terms with the fact that I’m never gonna see that bastard again. (then, more spiritual) And when he eventually dies, his energy will rejoin the great field and he'll finally be at peace ina way I don’t think he can ever be during this lifetime.
33) 11) dialog: Last I head he’s a card shark in Vegas. Aaron considers and then jumps in.
33) 20) dialog: What’s a boobie?
33) 22) dialog: That's a beautiful story, mate. You have such a kind, old soul.
34) 0) text: The plane’s in flight. Two and a Half Men and — LATER Aaron's reading. Aldous is watching laughing way too hard.
34) 3) dialog: These headphones are busted.
34) 5) dialog: These are busted too.
34) 13) dialog: I can’t use yours! I can’t use anyone’s! CAUSE THERE’S A BOMB ON THIS PLANE! I CAN FEEL IT IN M’
36) 0) text: Aaron and Aldous are in a limo. Aaron’s pissed.
36) 2) dialog: I like that. It’s amusing, you cursing. It’s like watching a nun do anal.
36) 4) dialog: My father is dying. Cancer. Pancreatic. He’s had it for a year. The doctors give him three to six months.
36) 9) dialog: What if he died tomorrow and I didn’t see him because of some concert? It’s like if you had never gotten to see your boobie that one last time?
36) 11) dialog: You don’t know that.
36) 13) dialog: I was just making that all up.
37) 0) text: Aldous and Aaron are walking into the casino.
37) 1) dialog: What should I say to him when I see him? I am a whirligig of emotions.
38) 0) text: Aaron and Aldous walk into the casino and walk up to Aldo Father, JONATHAN SNOW, an older man dealing blackjack.
38) 1) dialog: One hundred quid. The Blackjack Dealer looks up.
38) 3) dialog: Hey, father.
39) 0) text: Jonathan, Aldous and Aaron walk out of the casino. *
39) 2) dialog: Still a vegetarian, dad.
40) 0) text: Jonathan, Aldous and Aaron have front row seats at a magi show. The three of them are drinking giant fruity drinks while they watch. The Magician throws a handkerchief in t air and it turns into birds.
40) 2) dialog: Where did those birds some from? (yelling, despite the public nature of the show) Magician, where did those birds come from? 72.
40) 4) dialog: Oh, I knew he was going to say that!
42) 0) text: Aaron, Aldous and Jonathan are sitting in seats, drinking They all three do a shot. A group of STRIPPERS come over give them lapdances.
42) 2) dialog: Katherine? Why don’t you have a more adventurous name?
42) 24) dialog: How could I forget?
42) 26) dialog: I was a bastard to you, I realize that now.
42) 28) dialog: Mum wasn’t the easiest person to live with and what with me in and out of juvey --
42) 30) dialog: Water under the bridge. Life is too short. We all make mistakes. The biggest mistake is not forgiving. 74.
42) 49) dialog: Oy, Aaron! We’re getting AIDS rubbed all over our pants! No offense, Katherine!
42) 51) dialog: Of course, mate. Aldous grabs the phone and hits the unmute button. 77.
42) 53) dialog: I’m getting lapdances in Vegas with my pop. We’ll be in LA in the AM. I love this kid by the way. He’s fantastic. Ciao. Aldous hands the phone back to a stunned Aaron.
43) 14) dialog: There you are, Aaron! We thought we'd bring the party back to fake Italy. 79.
44) 1) dialog: You want any?
44) 3) dialog: It’s really just like having a cup of coffee.
45) 0) text: Jonathan & Millenium and Aldous & Jet have sex in a giant Oriental King. Aldous pulls out his cell and takes a phot of him and Katherine in the midst of sex. PAN OVER to Aar and Krissy just sitting on the balcony, trying not to wat
47) 1) dialog: That was something else. She's a dirty, dirty bird. Want a hit?
47) 3) dialog: I call it the Jeffrey. It’s a bit o this, a bit o that. Aaron takes it and starts puffing on it.
47) 4) dialog: Why aren’t you with your lady?
47) 6) dialog: If you have a girlfriend you’re going to marry then this is the only time you’1ll be able to do this in good conscience. Once you’re married you can’t have sex with a random girl in a Vegas hotel suite. But now you can.
47) 8) dialog: You've got to get it out of your system. Otherwise it’s going to emerge like a noxious shit bubble years from now when you have a little baby daughter. Do you want to break your baby daughter’s heart?
47) 10) dialog: Then go out there and fuck that girl. It’s the morally correct thing to do. Aldous starts to pee in the toilet.
47) 11) dialog: Man I had to pee the entire time we were having sex. Isn’t that the worst? As I came I was literally thinking about Victoria Falls. Aaron walks out of the bathroom back to the balcony. Aldo carefully inspects his hair in the mirror. He sees one gr hair. He carefully PLUCKS it out.
50) 2) dialog: Not a trick! A gift!
50) 5) dialog: You're just nervous that you screwed that girl. Normal stress coming out.
50) 7) dialog: That is the most amazing expression ever. Aldous takes out his camera phone and takes a photo of Aa Aaron spazzily takes a drag off the joint.
50) 11) dialog: No, it’s a Jeffrey.
50) 13) dialog: A layer of pot. Then a layer of opium. Then some crack. And a little bit o meth. And the rolling paper’s been dipped in acid. Oh, and there also might be some angel dust. Not sure.
50) 17) dialog: No you're not.
50) 19) dialog: Don’t freak him out more.
50) 21) dialog: Oh, like the way you truth-telled * about my relationship with Jackie? * Aldous PUNCHES his dad.
50) 23) dialog: You ain’t got no side.
50) 25) dialog: Maybe I wouldn’t have been a bastard if you hadn’t left me and mum at home to fuck underage Thai hookers!
50) 27) dialog: You made me this way! You made me incapable of connecting with people except by having sex with them! vicious fist fight. Aaron gets in the middle. Aaron crazily starts scratching Jonathan's head.
50) 34) dialog: Just calm down, alright? Now look at me. Think about the beauty in this world. Like check out this ant. Aldous picks up an ant crawling on the table.
50) 35) dialog: It’s beautiful, isn’t it? Aaron looks at it and starts to calm down. Aldous SNORTS
50) 37) dialog: To distract you. And impress you.
51) 1) dialog: It’s time to go. Aaron shakily stands. They walk into the suite to see Aldous’s dad passed out on the floor without pants. Or underpants.
51) 3) dialog: Fuck that arse.
52) 0) text: Aaron and Aldous are in the backseat of the car in early morning silence. After a long beat... +e * HF
52) 6) dialog: It’s in remission.
52) 8) dialog: You're right. I lied. Like the way you lied about doing drugs.
52) 10) dialog: That’s not drugs.
52) 12) dialog: (then) I don’t understand you. Why’d you stop having sex with that girl? She was proper smoking.
52) 14) dialog: I just don’t get that.
52) 16) dialog: Why are you in a relationship? What is the advantage of it?
52) 18) dialog: You're fascinating. What do you do? Like at night?
52) 20) dialog: Is that with that guy, McDreamy?
52) 22) dialog: I know him. I fucked him.
52) 24) dialog: I was in a bad way. I'd just broken up with Kelly Osborne. I know that bloke. We had sex. (awkward silence) What do you do for your birthday? This is just fascinating. I’ve never met anyone like you.
52) 26) dialog: Me and about ninety-five people went to Richard Branson’s private island and had an ecstasy party and then went out in a hot air balloon.
52) 28) dialog: But it’s missing love, Aaron. Don’t you see? I want love the way you have love. Without love, I’m gonna become that bastard we just spent twelve hours with. I want a lady to pick out my clothes. And not just an assistant who I pay.
52) 31) dialog: I’m in love with Jackie Q. I know it now. She’s so gorgeous and sexy and has these perfect tits. Really, something. Like an angel's tits. And she always kept me guessing. I was with her at this party in Monaco and she leans over and whispers to me “I’m wet.” She just said that to me, you know, like she was telling me the weather, with McCartney and Judi Dench and the Dalai Lama just standing like two feet away. I swear I fell in love right then, right there. Then later that week, we're at a nightclub in Goa and she went and made out with Emma Bunton right in front of me. Under different circumstances I would have been happy to be seeing this, this would have been my idea of nirvana. But not this time. This time I was mad. And as I watched them make out and strip and begin the process of engaging in oral sex I got angrier and angrier till I realized this was love, I was in love.
52) 32) dialog: We have a kid together, you know. I haven't seen the tyke in years. Beautiful child.
52) 34) dialog: It is, isn’t it? I even pay his child support but I don’t mind cause I love him so much. And her too.
52) 36) dialog: I don’t know. I just don’t. I want her back. She lives in LA and I want to see her and get her back. But I don’t know what to do. Like when I first see her, what do I do?
52) 38) dialog: (turning dark) You're right, if I’m honest I'11l get her. And once I’ve gotten her I can finally put an end to this interminable, miserable single life. Presently I can go wherever I want with whoever I want and do whatever I want to whomever I want. It’s not as good as eating dinner at 6:30 with the same person and having nothing new to talk about ever. It’s like when I was on Branson’s private island in an ecstasy orgy with these two Indian models I was like “I wish I was locked in a small apartment in Los Angeles with the same person forever.” Aaron’s unsure whether to be offended or laugh it off.
52) 39) dialog: I’m just joshing with you, man. I'm jealous.
52) 41) dialog: It seems my compatriot has fallen out of the vehicle. The Limo Driver looks in the rear window and SCREECHES to side of the highway.
54) 0) text: Aaron sits as far from Aldous as possible, completely and totally terrified.
54) 1) dialog: It was just a joke. I didn’t realize you'd take it this personally.
55) 0) text: Aldous and Aaron pull up in front of the Four Seasons.
55) 4) dialog: This is how we leave it? With you being so cold, just icing me out.
57) 0) text: Aldous, in a limo, pulls up outside the mansion.
57) 1) dialog: Thanks, mate. Aldous gets out of the car and heads towards the front of house. He knocks on the door. Jackie Q answers.
57) 3) dialog: Alright.
58) 0) text: Aldous and Jackie have finished having sex.
58) 1) dialog: I missed that.
58) 3) dialog: As are you my dear, as are you. NAPLES, a six year old of indeterminate gender, comes in.
58) 8) dialog: And father.
58) 10) dialog: What a beautiful child. Naples’ Jamaican Nanny, SUZETTE, pops her head in.
58) 13) dialog: Are you a monster? Are you a little monster?
58) 15) dialog: What was that? I think you just said you're a monster!
58) 17) dialog: No. Cause I’m the monster! Aldous stalks after Naples like a monster.
58) 19) dialog: And I love you!
58) 23) dialog: Well I don’t want to be a rotten egg! Naples jumps into the pool. Aldous strips and jumps in af him. Jackie watches from the side and laughs.
58) 24) dialog: I guess your mum’s the rotten egg.
58) 26) dialog: I’m not a rotten egg. I’m the monster! Aldous takes Naples and throws him farther into the pool. Naples is giggling. Jackie is giggling. Aldous looks around. Life is perfect. +e HF FF
58) 31) dialog: Let’s do it. You love me, I love you. Wouldn’t you love that Naples?
58) 33) dialog: Let’s just go get married. We already have bundled our genes into this perfect little moppet. Let’s stop lying to ourselves and tie the knot already.
58) 35) dialog: Screw Paul Allen. Unengage him. Screw our little boxes that we've put our lives in.
58) 37) dialog: Relationships are about honesty and I am finally ready to be honest with you and Naples.
58) 43) dialog: But you just told me you loved me.
58) 45) dialog: That was like twenty minutes ago.
58) 48) dialog: Don’t take him away, lady! Don’t take my son away!
58) 51) dialog: That’s gonna change right now! I love him! A son should be raised by his father!
58) 53) dialog: What? No. Me. He’s half me.
58) 57) dialog: I don’t care if he’s not my son! I still love him! I LOVE YOU, KID!
59) 0) text: Aldous walks down Mulholland, crying hysterically. CHYRON: FOUR HOURS UNTIL THE GREEK.
59) 1) dialog: I have no one! NO ONE!!! He looks out over Los Angeles. He collapses. He looks dow at his phone. He scrolls through the photos on his phone. It’s just naked trampy girl after naked trampy girl (with Patrick Dempsey thrown in). He gets to the photo of Aaron from the night in Vegas when he was freaking out. INT. AARON AND DAPHNE’S APARTMENT Aaron and Daphne are eating dinner. Aaron is holding Daphne’s hand.
59) 4) dialog: So this is where you live?
59) 6) dialog: I need you with me.
59) 9) dialog: Are you Daphne? You are even more lovely in person. Daphne holds out her hand. Aldous kisses it. INT. AARON AND DAPHNE’S APARTMENT - MOMENTS LATER Aaron, Daphne and Aldous are sitting in the living room. They're drinking wine. Aldous stares at the sculpture fro the beginning that Aaron described as “pretty.”
59) 10) dialog: I love this piece.
59) 12) dialog: But I also hate it. It looks the way my insides feel, all fucked up and tossed around. It’s like nausea in three dimensions.
59) 16) dialog: I want nothing more than to be right here in your apartment. Aaron downs his glass of wine. 99.
59) 17) dialog: (looking at a photo) Where’s this?
59) 19) dialog: The presidential suite at the Buenos Aires Ritz is the nicest hotel room I’ve ever been to.
59) 21) dialog: Well, next time check it out. Also, Argentinean prostitutes are out of this world. Aaron's about to cover but Daphne giggles in an oddly flirtatious way. QUICK CUTS OF THEM DRINKING AND LAUGHING TOGETHER while A looks more and more uncomfortable. Aldous plays and sings John Mayer’s “Daughters” on a guit while Daphne and Aaron watch, holding hands.
59) 23) dialog: I am astonished and fascinated at your longevity as a couple.
59) 26) dialog: What do you do when you’re ina relationship for that long. Like, how do you keep it lively?
59) 28) dialog: Aren’t you worried that you’re missing out?
59) 31) dialog: Like if you could have done one sexual activity before you died what would have been?
59) 33) dialog: Sure like that.
59) 35) dialog: Threesome. Do you have any fantasies like that?
59) 38) dialog: Well that is something that is possible right now. It’s not like wanting to fly or shoot lasers out of your eyes. A threesome is something that we can accomplish right here right now.
59) 41) dialog: If you’d like, but I certainly don’t want to apply any pressure. I have had my share of threesomes.
59) 47) dialog: I got this mate who I had a threesome with and he didn’t like it and then he never had one again. Daphne looks at Aaron like “see?”
59) 54) dialog: (clapping his hands together) Perfect! Let me get my whip. (off their looks) Just joking. Don’t take life so seriously! Aldous starts very casually taking his clothes off.
59) 55) dialog: Well, what’re you waiting for? Daphne and Aaron start taking their clothes off too. It’s very awkward and proforma. INT. AARON AND DAPHNE’S BEDROOM - LATER Aldous, Aaron and Daphne are awkwardly sitting on the bed
60) 1) dialog: I am going to ejaculate! 103.
60) 3) dialog: I am ejaculating! Ahhhhhh! INT. AARON AND DAPHNE’S APARTMENT Aaron rushes back into the bathroom. Aldous is somehow having sex with Daphne’s face. Or at least that’s what we have to assume. All the drive drops out of Aaron.
60) 6) dialog: Oh boy! Oh boy! Oh boy! I am going to ejaculate again! Aldous pulls out and ejaculates. We don’t see it. We just see Aaron’s face change.
60) 8) dialog: What’s the problem?
60) 10) dialog: I didn’t mean to. That was an unintentional sperming.
60) 12) dialog: I am starving. I understand there’s a delicious diner around the corner. You interested, mate? 104.
60) 17) dialog: I don’t think it’s cheating when it’s a consensual threesome.
60) 20) dialog: You could have jumped in. We weren’t being exclusionary. That’s against the rules.
60) 26) dialog: Sexual mores are just a thing of the past century. We are all living in a false construct.
60) 35) dialog: I forgot my satchel.
60) 37) dialog: Woh. Alright, mate. Let’s just hand them over.
60) 39) dialog: Ow! Aaron throws a third and fourth and fifth. They land in Aldous’s leg, chest and right below his eye.
60) 40) dialog: What the hell, man? Aldous pulls the needle out of his face and tosses it bac sticking Aaron in the arm.
60) 42) dialog: You've been throwing them.
60) 44) dialog: Draw! Draw! 107. They stop. Aldous throws another needle at Aaron. The needle fight starts again. While throwing needles, they s the following things --
60) 45) dialog: Don’t you get it! I’m done! The only person that ever loved me hates me! I’m done making music! I’m done! I might as well go kill myself!
60) 47) dialog: I'm sorry if I’ve been a disappointment. I hope to one day make it up to you.
60) 52) dialog: Dear Aaron. This is my last will and testament. Since I have no kids or wife or really anything I’m leaving my estate to you. If you want to see me off, I’1l be jumping from the Hollywood sign at nine, depending on traffic. I want my body to be cryogenically frozen, to be unfrozen when there’s a chemical cure for addiction or heroin becomes legal, whichever comes first. Yours, Aldous. P.S. I’m sorry for making love to your girlfriend. That was done out of self-anger. P.P.S. I do not know if this last will and testament will hold up in a court of law. I apologize if it doesn’t. In fact, the more I think about it the more unlikely it seems that it will. Sorry, mate. Aaron takes a beat.
64) 5) dialog: Why not? I’ve got nothing. I'ma drug addicted nothing. My friends are all addicts or yes men. I can’t even write music anymore. I’m not even sure if I even ever could. Most of my songs are just ripoffs of the Beatles and the Clash. I’m the nugget of shit that hangs off the asshair of humanity.
64) 7) dialog: Sex isn’t love. Sex has gotten boring. (MORE)
64) 9) dialog: All I live for is getting high. If I don’t die from this I'll die from an overdose. At least if I jump I’m making the choice, not the drink and the drugs.
64) 11) dialog: I didn’t know you were religious.
64) 13) dialog: Why’re you doing this? Do you love me?
64) 15) dialog: Tell me you love me.
64) 17) dialog: Tell me that you love me and me specifically, not just the general concept of humanity. Beat. Aldous moves to the edge of the “H.” 113.
64) 19) dialog: I love you too, Aaron Greenberg. I love you too. Aldous, taking an intentional Christ like pose, JUMPS off “H” and hits the dusty desert below with a resounding and sickening thud. He rolls down the hill.
65) 0) text: Aldous rolls down the hill, crashing through a fence and
66) 0) text: -- into a Hills house backyard, splashing right into a ho tub. Aaron jumps down and sees Aldous floating in the hot tub.
66) 6) dialog: I’m alive. I’m alive! I can’t believe I’m alive! You saved me, Aaron. I can’t believe you came and saved me.
66) 8) dialog: I have completely changed as a result of the love you've given me by saving me.
66) 10) dialog: (starting to cry) I look at you, Aaron, and I see pure love. You are the most beautiful person I have ever met.
66) 12) dialog: I am going to prove you wrong. That’s how I feel about you. Because we are going to be best friends forever.
66) 14) dialog: We can still make it. 115.
66) 16) dialog: I’m always at least four hours late. My fans all know this. Once, in Manchester, I went on at 2:10AM. Performed for six hours. We can still make it. (as they start to get out of the tub) My arm hurts. Aaron looks at Aldous’s arm. The bone’s sticking through. Aaron THROWS UP on Aldous. INT. AARON’S CAR Aaron's frantically driving Aldous.
66) 18) dialog: It’s just pain. Pain is fleeting. Love is forever. You have given me love so in turn I shall give you sobriety. From now on nothing’s more important to me than my sobriety. Aldous opens up his manpurse and downs a bunch of pain pi
66) 20) dialog: There is literally no way I can save your job right now without fourteen Vicodin. My bone is sticking out here. Touch it. That’s bone.
66) 22) dialog: It’s so weird. You can’t feel your bone if you touch it. It’s like touching a drumstick or something. Aaron gags.
67) 0) text: Aaron and Aldous pull up the driveway to the Greek past a giant sign that says “Aldous Snow -- LIVE FOR THE FIRST T IN THREE YEARS!” We hear booing from the auditorium.
68) 0) text: Aaron and a limping Aldous head backstage. The crowd is booing and partying. Sergio heads towards them. *
68) 3) dialog: Allo, Los Angeles! Are you ready to rock out? The crowd cheers.
68) 10) dialog: This song is dedicated to my good buddy Aaron Greenberg -- get on out here. Aaron doesn’t want to.
68) 11) dialog: Get on out here, Aaron Greenberg! Get on out here, Aaron Greenberg! The crowd starts chanting this as well.
68) 15) dialog: This man, while he didn’t save me from jumping off the Hollywood sign, at least showed up. Even after I made love to his girlfriend. Now that’s true friendship. The crowd doesn’t know how to respond to this.
68) 16) dialog: I also wish to make an announcement. I’m quitting drugs and the alcohol. The audience starts booing. 117.
68) 19) dialog: If anyone ever sees me drinking a beer or smoking a joint or doing any other kind of controlled substance you have my legal permission to beat the living shit out of me. The crowd cheers like crazy.
68) 20) dialog: And a one! A two! A one two three! Aldous tries to strum the guitar and HOWLS IN PAIN.
68) 21) dialog: That fucking hurts! Holy shit that hurts! Ahhh! Aldous unwraps his bandage to reveal his bone.
68) 22) dialog: Check out my bone! Check it out! Ahhh! The pain!!!!! The band stops playing.
68) 23) dialog: What’re you doing!? Keep playing! They start playing again. Aldous begins singing and howli in pain all at once.
68) 24) dialog: (singing) Love explosion! It's a love explosion! My love explodes into your heart! It explodes all over your chest! It’s awesome. The crowd goes crazy. Aldous begins jumping up and down and then PASSES OUT on the stage. In a moment odd enthusiasm, Aaron grabs the microphone and motions fo the band to start playing. Aaron continues the song.
68) 27) dialog: Get your lady back, man. You’re too much of a pussy to live in this world without her. EXT. DAPHNE’S PARENTS HOUSE - NIGHT Aaron pulls up to Daphne’s parents’ house. It’s a nice ho on the ocean in Laguna. He runs up to the door. Not wanti to wake anyone up, he knocks lightly on the door. Then he finally hits the doorbell. A very long door chime version “Lollipop” plays. Mr. Binks opens the door.
69) 0) text: Aaron, Aldous, and Naples are hiking. As they hike, Aldou sucking down a sucrose gel pack.
69) 1) dialog: I’m just incredibly grounded these days. Eight months clean.
69) 4) dialog: He’s just my mate. His dad’s actually Hugh Grant. Who knew? He’s staying with me for the month. His mother’s kind of a W-H-O-R-E. He sucks down another gel pack.
69) 5) dialog: The point is I’m finally living the clean life we’re all meant to live and it’s all because of you. Thank you, Aaron, for pulling me back from the edge and showing me the way towards a healthy, safe existence. PULL BACK TO REVEAL they’re at the edge of a cliff.
69) 6) dialog: Meet you both at the bottom! Aldous straps on a backpack and BASE JUMPS OFF THE CLIFF. Aaron and Naples watch him drift down. 123.