7) 91) text: As the SCREAMING goes on in the b.g. of the SHUT... we he BUZZING noise. Logan reaches into a pocket and takes out dark plastic box. Logan looks at the box. On it we see: MAN: RELIVE STORE 14                 
7) 97) text: Logan smiles . . . and the CAMERA PANS them rushing out o bleachers. They make their way into the hall. Logan takes out the small plastic box. We can tell from h that he is disappointed...until a faint BEEPING SOUND ema the box. Francis watches as Logan wheels in one direction... the b stops. He turns in another direction... again, there is n As Logan turns in a third direction...the BEEPING commenc Logan and Francis move swiftly in that direction and the GROWS LOUDER...AND LOUDER...until Logan and Francis see: 59-
12) 0) text: Logan is on the steps, irresolute. He looks at his blinki crystal...moves as if to reenter, changes his mind. Now t the black box, dials.
19) 40) text: After a beat, Billy turns and runs away. Logan comforts the shivering Jessica for a moment then ta small box from his pocket and turns it...until it starts The CAMERA PANS Logan and Jessica...following the SOUND. They move over the rubble...and cautiously around abandon buildings. We HEAR A SCREAM...and HEAR the Cubs who've only obviousl attacked someone. The SOUND is coming from a different di than where the beeping is coming from.
31) 19) dialog: Box is half-man...half-metal. From the midpoint of his sternum to his hips he is coils One hand is a cutting tool. His head is half-flesh...half legs are a chrome pedestal.
31) 28) text: Box starts to laugh...He is roaring with laughter as: We're human and we're hungry. I know...I know.
31) 30) text: Box looks totally confused. How do you think we got here                        !
31) 35) text: Box looks around the cavern:
31) 56) text: By this time, Logan and Jessica are no longer listening t Box...their arms are enveloping one another...with strong
31) 58) dialog: As his metal hand begins to BUZZ...he brings it to the ba huge column supporting the cavern. As he works furiously...at Incredible speed:
31) 61) dialog: Done...behold...!
31) 69) text: Box mumbles as he leads Logan and Jessica toward the rear Cavern.
32) 0) text: As Box enters followed by Logan and Jessica. This room has a fairly low ceiling and it is not too wide It stretches back as far as the eye can see. The ice along the left wall is frosted...but the ice alon wall is perfectly clear. And embedded in the ice along the perfectly clear right w
32) 5) text: Logan walks to the end of this wall. Each frozen body has above it. The final body's number is 1056...That number w voice in Sandman's headquarters revealed as the number of Runners. The CAMERA PANS Logan back to Box.
32) 6) dialog: As Logan turns toward him. How did they get in here?
32) 13) text: Box laughs...The same LOUD, ROARING LAUGH we HEARD earlie Such a beautiful pair. I'll stand you facing one another.
32) 14) text: Box starts his saw hand BUZZING.  He turns all the flesh his body away from Logan and starts advancing toward him who is now standing behind Logan. Box is now like an armed vehicle. Logan FIRES...the fire reflecting harmlessly off Box's me Resign yourself.
32) 16) dialog: Advancing We can SEE PERSON AFTER PERSON...embedded in the clear wa A strange mute audience to this to-the-death drama.
32) 18) dialog: Relentlessly moving toward them.
32) 20) dialog: Getting closer. The saw is BUZZING LOUDLY. I make such a small, quick incision ... you can hardly feel it.
32) 23) text: Box is practically upon them.  As he lunges forward with WHIRRING saw hand Logan pushes Jessica to the floor and d alongside her. Box cannot stop his forward thrust and cuts a sizable chu out of the rear wall as: Logan SHOOTS at Box from the floor Level...upwards ...try penetrate some part of his seemingly impregnable body. He hits the exposed cables on the ceiling. There is an EXPLOSION. screaming)  No! The coils!
32) 24) text: Box rushes past Logan and Jessica toward the huge ice cav containing his sculptures. All my work!' All my work!!        
32) 31) text: 270x5        FULL SHOT         AS the effect multiplies--Ln the hissing vapor-sculptures over and enormous chunks of ice loosened and crashing. 270x6        BOX Careening around wildly in the growing ruin, as the light flicker out.
32) 33) dialog: 