24) 19) dialog: who looks about twenty-one years old, exchanges a pointed Jessica. 
24) 48) text: Doc pushes a button...there is a tiny FLASH.
24) 53) text: Doc presses buttons on the control board. Jessica, who is next to Doc, is slightly startled as the Table begins to pair of laser beams separate themselves from the overhead and extend toward Logan, forming inner cones as they appr CryoJector needles start to close in on them, nearing the and shoulders slowly...the visible cold streaming off the A vibrobeam begins to KEEN. SOUND: An insistent chiming. Doc hears the sound and turns with the martyred air of a been called to the phone too many times. He turns to a ph apparatus nearby, shifting the table into neutral as he t table and the laser heads stop moving.                
24) 56) text: Doc turns back to the console, pausing to stare intently then up at the brightly smiling Holly. Something in his l registers, and Holly's smile fades. Now Doc engages the m again...
24) 62) text: Doc pushes a special button and the arm sweeps back along spraying healing fluid. Magically the blood vanishes and moist and whole.
24) 69) text: Suddenly Doc's look is ferocious. He turns off the healin and punches buttons fiercely. The laser arms begin to mov and the SOUNDS become shrill. Holly looks alarmed.
24) 75) text: Machine begins to WHINE LOUDLY. Jessica tries to turn the machine off...Doc starts to wre her as:
24) 88) text: Abruptly, Doc lunges toward Logan...missing him as Logan As Doc turns to attack....Logan smashes his elbows into D and Doc falls back onto the Table.
24) 89) text: SCREAMING, as Doc is slashed by the machine amid showers and gouts of steam as the metal twists and wires short ou various fluids boil and spill onto hot surfaces. Holly tr fight her way into the mess to help Doc, but Jessica, rec pulls her down and the two struggle.
29) 13) text: exhausted) He's the one. You too. I remember. He was in a hurry. Just a face job. Dark hair, I said. Then he killed Doc and you grabbed me--and the machine blew up and I ran...I ran