4) 6) text: Francis tries to pull Logan away from the  window, but Lo intent on waking one of  the infants.
4) 9) text: But Logan isn't moving. Francis gets an  idea.
4) 11) text: Francis starts to pry at the Panel...knowing it  will sou ALARM.
4) 13) text: Too late: There is a SOUND OF ALARM CHIMES. The area in w stand  is bathed in a violet glow. Logan grabs Francis fi stops him from  prying at the panel:
4) 21) text: As Francis starts out: joining Francis) All right, Francis...I'm with you.
7) 11) text: As they cross the entrance, two men come out, grinning br falling  into step just ahead of Logan and Francis. Then men stops  abruptly, almost colliding with them. He mumbl apology and starts  back to RELIVE. As he disappears into the RELIVE SHOP, his friend shrugs to  Logan and Francis and moves on.
7) 22) text: The crowd is growing denser, funneling into a kind of pas Logan  and Francis are swallowed up in the group.
7) 25) text: In her palm the crystal blinks, red, black. Francis nods, a  half-squeeze.
7) 33) text: They look briefly and then she turns away. Francis takes and  they move off.
7) 40) text: They laugh, but the laughter is broken as a trio of young moving  with erratic speed of lightning, smashes between almost knocking  Francis over. He reels, Logan catches hi recover in time to see   the trio rip wildly through the knocking people down, screaming  with shrill joy as they
7) 53) text: Francis glances at him, exchanges a look with Daniel. The into the throng passing under the great crystal, turn the we see
7) 55) text: Featuring Logan and Francis as they find places in the ar the others, they crane upward. As they do, Logan gestures number of pretty girls who are just being seated.
7) 93) text: Francis stands.
7) 97) text: Logan smiles . . . and the CAMERA PANS them rushing out o bleachers. They make their way into the hall. Logan takes out the small plastic box. We can tell from h that he is disappointed...until a faint BEEPING SOUND ema the box. Francis watches as Logan wheels in one direction... the b stops. He turns in another direction... again, there is n As Logan turns in a third direction...the BEEPING commenc Logan and Francis move swiftly in that direction and the GROWS LOUDER...AND LOUDER...until Logan and Francis see: 59-
7) 99) text: E. Logan FIRES... just missing the man...Francis FIRES ag just missing, too. F. The man is in a panic as he continues up the ramp...to levels and areas. G. Both barrels (of Logan and Francis' respective guns) g as they FIRE...with both just missing the running man onc H. The man's face is crazed...and sweating...the mouse is berserk as he has been chased to a high level. I. He stands frozen, petrified, driven to the edge of a h by the shots--teetering now. He is in full sight of Logan is across the hall. J. The RunnerВ№s face. He looks at death twenty feet away aims. K. Francis, watching, smiling at the perfect moment. L. Logan's face. A shadow of thought, a hesitation. M. The Runner lunges. Logan fires, misses. N. Francis fires a salvo, drives the Runner back to the r he teeters again, throws his hands in front of his face a The SCREAMING in Carousel reaches a peak.
7) 105) text: As Francis comes up, waits. Logan moves the transceiver t man's face, rests it on his forehead.
7) 109) text: Done with his job, he rises to face Francis.
7) 203) text: Suddenly Francis and two dishevel led young WOMEN burst i laughing toward Logan and Jessica Stoned, hilarious, they around Logan one of them embracing him. In the wild hilar Jessica slips away and Logan, seeing her go, makes a vain after her. Francis notices, laughs. Amid the noise he sho Logan:
7) 206) text: At Logan's expression he roars with laughter Francis pick atomizer and hurls it at the ceiling where it shatters an pink cloud settles over them all. 64X1                EXT. - SAND MAN H.Q. A frowning structure of dark stone and mirrored copper, f broad steps. Logan and Francis are climbing the steps as is coming out... His uniform is in tatters. They greet on
7) 214) text: They wave. Logan and Francis continue.
8) 0) text: As Logan and Francis cross, turn into a corridor.
9) 0) text: As Logan and Francis cross the room, Logan nods to other who are monitoring areas of the Megalopolis on video cons of these Sand-men speaks to Francis who hasn't greeted th SANDMAN (Monitor) What's with you, Francis?
9) 1) text: FRANCIS (touching his head; grimacing) Last night
10) 0) text: Black door opens revealing Logan and Francis who now ente room. As they walk. . . they pass FOUR GIANT LIFECLOCKS.. YELLOW GREEN AND RED.
10) 1) text: Each LIFECLOCK pulses out the moments of every person ali city, governing everyone's crystal changes automatically the next LIFECLOCK when the time comes. There are no humans. Francis walks over to a circular table at the end of the above which is a circular overhang. There is a groove...t a palm crystal on one part of the circular table. Francis takes out the plastic bag which contains the cont dead Runner's pockets and starts putting the contents on (These contents are the ones from the Runner Francis has the beginning of the film.) The moment the first item touches the table...it activate on the overhang above.         
10) 2) text: Francis stands alongside the table...his attitude is very fact. He has been through this procedure many, many times He touches his head...(the hangover)...and Logan smiles. later...the scanner stops...the word:
10) 4) text: appears on a SCREEN. Francis places his palm into the gro and the words:
10) 5) text: CLEAR FRANCIS-7
10) 8) text: Logan nods. Francis exits as Logan places the contents of a plastic b items he has taken off the Runner who jumped to his death them is the odd-shaped piece of jewelry. Logan is standing nonchalantly...as the scanner moves ove items...waiting to be quickly identified and cleared as F earlier. The scanner continues scanning. Logan starts becoming impatient...but the scanning goes o and on. Now...Logan is clearly puzzled...it has never...ever take remotely resembling this length of time. Suddenly, directly before him...on the SCREEN... the word
11) 0) text: Spectacularly 23rd century. Logan enters. He looks around Francis.... in a whirlpool bath....trying to recover from incredible hangover. In the b.g. of the SHOT we can see some Sandmen doing cal Logan walks over to Francis....hiding his blinking crysta holding his hand against his leg.
15) 14) text: They all laugh. Francis takes up his watch as the other e
15) 74) text: But Francis is already at the door. A wave and he's gone. ad lib interest-- "watch out in there--they can cut you b see them" etc.
20) 1) dialog: He is shocked, unbelieving.
20) 3) dialog: Stunned and uncertain, Francis aims his gun toward Logan Jessica...but he wavers...watching them disappear into th
20) 4) dialog: shivering like a wet dog. He turns toward open window.
20) 6) text: The woman turns, staring insanely. Her mouth opens like a Francis FIRES his gun. A moment later, as the burning bod to the floor;
20) 9) dialog: After a long, long hesitation, takes out his small plasti starts to speak into it: Runner terminated at G.16 Ready for cleanup at Cathedral Quadrant 39. 
22) 1) dialog: Walking past the GIANT LIFECLOCKS into the debriefing are The scanners begin moving. Moments later the scanner stops...the word:
22) 5) text: Francis hesitates....then....quickly, as if changing his taking the items off the table:        
24) 93) dialog: Entering...gun in hand.
24) 98) text: Suddenly the machine behind them erupts into a great burs and noise, momentarily drawing Francis' attention. Instan jumps him, grabs and throws him sprawling. Without a look and Jessica run out.
24) 100) dialog: Enraged, finds his gun on the floor and, before rising, g shot at them as they disappear. Then leaping to his feet, off in pursuit.
24) 105) text: As they run into Hallucimill...Francis...never too far be spots them and follows. 168-
26) 6) dialog: Entering, starting to look around -- grabbed by one of th Wantons.
26) 8) dialog: Hunting both.
26) 10) dialog: Desperately trying to get rid of a woman, sees a flash of Jessica far across the room -sees them leave. Then he's p again as the orgy continues. 186-
27) 15) dialog: 
29) 38) text: Uncomprehending, she starts to run with him. Too late. An shakes the chamber--the wall bellies inward and a group o led by Francis, burst into the room, firing as they come. 
29) 43) text: Francis, quartering the room like a hound, searching, sea stopping as he sees 211                FRANCIS P.O.V.
29) 46) text: After the slightest beat, Logan FIRES and Francis falls, chunk of the cave roof falling between him and Logan -- a obscured while EXPLOSIONS and SCREAMS continue.
29) 81) dialog: looming huge, gun drawn, apparently only a few feet away.
29) 87) dialog: aiming at Logan...then slowly moving his hand until Jessi his sights.
34) 0) dialog: Picking his way through the ruined cave, puzzled.
34) 6) dialog: Coming out through the fissure in the rock, squinting at unexpected light from the sky, then setting out as Logan did.
35) 1) text: Looking frightened as he looks up at the moon and the sta drawn. Suddenly, a rabbit darts by. Francis jumps up in great fear and starts FIRING his gun. the rabbit to smithereens. He is breathing hard (fear)...and looking around...gun in
46) 118) text: Jessica is silent. Francis' tone becomes increasingly sex
46) 120) text: Francis starts to tear off her clothes...obviously to rap expression remains cold and without passion. Logan!!!
46) 121) text: As she screams, Francis clamps a hand over her mouth and O.S.
47) 2) text: Logan looks up...and we see Francis crouched behind the r the first row of the gallery...with his gun pointing down holding the terrified Jessica with his other arm. How nice...more company... disjointed thoughts)  We had such good times together...  I let you go!  (frenzied)  You didn't terminate a Runner and  I let you go!! (a beat) She did this to us! How could you let her?! An ordinary available                        ! (with this he flings Jessica down and away. She lies there...stunned) And what about Logan-6 and Francis-8?  (a tear in his eye) ....Why didn't you chink about them?! (up a notch) There's over two hundred years of Sandmen's blood in you, Logan.... and now you'll spill it for a stinking Runner!!
47) 5) dialog: Looking at his palm....shocked...dropping his gun. It fal CHAMBER FLOOR.
47) 8) text: Francis leaps from the gallery and falls on Logan.
47) 13) text: His eyes focus briefly and he sees Logan's palm-the cryst clear and white. Francis is suddenly radiant.
47) 31) text: The man sits down. Gently, Logan lifts FrancisВ№ body...trying to straighten from the slightly twisted position he assumed when he fel floor. After resting FrancisВ№ body on the floor again.  He crad head in his arms.
48) 2) text: As they look down at Francis' body...in the open grave. Jessica watches as Logan and the man start shoveling dirt grave...starting to fill it.
49) 11) text: Logan shakes Jessica who is becoming hysterical. Jessica...listen to me...listen to me... (as she quiets down) The Lifeclocks made me kill Francis. They make people die or be killed every day. If I didn't try and destroy that...I couldn't live here or anywhere. Do you understand?
59) 2) text: We can still see the fires in the b.g. of the SHOT as Log to Jessica...(like Gable onto Jeanette MacDonald at the e FRANCISCO)...full of happiness and hope for the future. AS people continue to mill all over the acres of strange construction...we see the Old Man WALKING INTO THE SHOT. Logan and Jessica run to him. He looks around. People sta gather...they have never seen a white-haired Old Man in t As people continue to gather around the Old Man... who co more delighted...Logan and Jessica are smiling...inviting touch him...and some do. Yes, he is an old man...Yes, they will all live again to and old women...Yes, this is the world renewing itself on