7) 140) dialog: As Jessica turns to him, Logan moves in strongly and embr but, to his surprise, she resists. Logan, still holding h is amused and surprised.
7) 196) text: Jessica shakes her head. Logan looks at Jessica carefully admiring sexual way...from her toes to her head...briefly (in the process) chat she is wearing an identical piece o that he has taken off the dead runner...around her neck.
7) 199) text: Jessica nods.
7) 201) text: Jessica smiles.
7) 203) text: Suddenly Francis and two dishevel led young WOMEN burst i laughing toward Logan and Jessica Stoned, hilarious, they around Logan one of them embracing him. In the wild hilar Jessica slips away and Logan, seeing her go, makes a vain after her. Francis notices, laughs. Amid the noise he sho Logan:
13) 0) text: Logan opens the door to see Jessica. Behind her a young S has obviously escorted her there. She says she's been here before...
13) 2) text: Jessica half turns and shrugs a 'see?'. The young Sandman widens, he waves to Logan and shoves off.
13) 20) text: Logan extends his right hand. He turns his right palm so Jessica can see it blinking red. Jessica gasps for a moment...then:
13) 39) text: Jessica reacts. She is about to speak. . .doesn't.. Logan reaches out and touches her hand.
13) 41) text: Jessica draws her hand away quickly from his touch. Logan stands and starts out...as Jessica watches him..
15) 1) dialog: Eating without enthusiasm...obviously more interested in conversation.
15) 21) text: Slowly, Jessica nods.
15) 24) text: Jessica faces her squarely, nods. The woman looks deeply eyes, relaxes.
15) 28) text: Jessica exits. They look at each other in dismay.. After one of the men follows her. They don't trust her.
15) 51) text: The followers, ahead now, watching, trying to make up the to whether Jessica is bringing Logan to the ambush. As th Logan and Jessica approach.
15) 58) text: As they pass, Jessica looks full in the face of one of th followers, looks away. Logan does not notice. The followe partly reassured. One of the men is now holding a garrote his necklace. The man who first followed gestures and the off purposefully. He continues after Logan and Jessica as round a corner.
15) 62) text: Behind them, visible through the crowd--two of the men we before. The Follower and the man with the garrote. They a so as to intersect with Logan and Jessica where the crowd thickest, streams coming together to move to a higher lev
15) 68) text: Behind him the two men move in. The man with the garrote hands. One more step... Logan senses something, half-turn we hear a familiar urgent SOUND--the sound of his transce Behind him the man hesitates, drops his hands. Logan take transceiver from his belt and moves out of the crowd to t Jessica with him. Now he bends to read the message and Je cranes her head to see too.
15) 93) text: Jessica shakes her head.
15) 104) text: As Jessica turns her head...looking somewhat guilty, the slides to a stop. A warning light pulses on the car's console and a RECORDE speaks before the hatch opens.
16) 0) text: Now the hatch opens. They step out, Logan first, Jessica looking around. Behind them the hatch closes, the maze-ca away into the distance.
17) 0) text: Below them a narrow, sharply angled concrete canyon, butt walls rising featureless. The look of an old fortress, bl and cool. Still visible over an opening the chiseled lege "Cathedral Plaza--2025 A.D.--Skidmore, Rosenfelt, Hennesy architects." Jessica shivers, looking around her. Logan takes her arm descend into the canyon, move toward the wall. Their foot only SOUND.
18) 0) text: A room of angled, reflecting surfaces. At one end a jagge also mirrored, leads away. The zigzag, angled effect crea absolute confusion of images. but Logan leads her unhesit across the chamber to the corridor. Jessica hangs back, m certain she's about to smash into something. Just follow--no matter how it seems... best) But what is this--why?
18) 6) text: Jessica reacts...to what Logan has said...then:  A moment
18) 8) text: As they approach the end of the corridor, a small FIGURE tattered garment approaches them. She stops SINGING as sh Logan and Jessica. Don't be afraid.
18) 18) text: As soon as she finishes her last sentence, Mary grabs at clothing...tearing a pin (piece of Jewelry) off...and run swiftly. As Jessica instinctively starts after her...Logan... hold
18) 20) text: Cautiously, Logan and Jessica exit from the wall, steppin
19) 0) text: An area of rubble and dilapidated buildings. Logan crouches, holding the transceiver and fanning the a listening... SOUND: a soft beeping which abruptly grows louder and hol Logan gestures to Jessica to follow him, and moves carefu direction of the BEEPING, quartering occasionally like a dog. Coming up to an angle of wall, he stops, flicks the puts the machine back onto his belt. He gestures to Jessi still then he straightens, steps out, calls:
19) 2) text: Silence. Jessica involuntarily moves to him and as she do Runner moves from behind an upright and stands.- The figu shadowed, the arms out, palms facing in a kind of gesture surrender. In the Runner's left hand, the tiny red crysta and off. The Runner is a woman! There is an instant of frozen confrontation and then sudd Jessica gasps, grasping at him.        
19) 23) text: Like lightning they change positions and flash around Log Jessica 
19) 40) text: After a beat, Billy turns and runs away. Logan comforts the shivering Jessica for a moment then ta small box from his pocket and turns it...until it starts The CAMERA PANS Logan and Jessica...following the SOUND. They move over the rubble...and cautiously around abandon buildings. We HEAR A SCREAM...and HEAR the Cubs who've only obviousl attacked someone. The SOUND is coming from a different di than where the beeping is coming from.
19) 42) text: Jessica shudders as the scream dies abruptly. The BEEPING is now very loud. Logan homes in on an abandoned building, enters, crosses a door inside and kicks it down. We SEE the Runner. The WOMAN cringing, expecting death.
19) 54) text: Her reaction is blank, then, with desperate ferocity she Logan again. During the course of the struggle, Logan subdues her agai Jessica enters, bends over the near-crazed Runner as Loga her. Eyeing him, the woman stands and takes the small rou object...she appears somewhat bewildered as Logan and Jes off.
20) 8) dialog: At the flash of FIRE from Francis' gun, they turn. Logan and Francis' eyes meet. A beat, then Logan grabs Je pulls her away.
24) 0) text: The waiting room has many mirrors...where customers ...ma female...are checking their faces (and bodies). There are also various photographs on the walls... sugges changes to foreheads, eyes, cheeks, lips, etcetera. The c informality is very much like people in a beauty parlor o shop. There is a RECEPTIONIST seated behind a desk in a corner. Logan and Jessica walk up to the desk. The receptionist looks at Logan...ignoring Jessica.
24) 10) text: Logan and Jessica walk to one of the chairs in the waitin sit down next to an attractive WOMAN.
24) 12) text: Logan and Jessica nod. This is my third... (a beat)  ... I did it when I turned yellow ... and green. (showing her palm)  I turned red yesterday. Beautiful work. This man do them all?
24) 17) text: Logan and Jessica stand. They follow Holly into a large, stainless steel room where we see:
24) 34) text: Logan follows Holly to the Table. (Jessica remains behind who speaks to her with soft urgency).
24) 53) text: Doc presses buttons on the control board. Jessica, who is next to Doc, is slightly startled as the Table begins to pair of laser beams separate themselves from the overhead and extend toward Logan, forming inner cones as they appr CryoJector needles start to close in on them, nearing the and shoulders slowly...the visible cold streaming off the A vibrobeam begins to KEEN. SOUND: An insistent chiming. Doc hears the sound and turns with the martyred air of a been called to the phone too many times. He turns to a ph apparatus nearby, shifting the table into neutral as he t table and the laser heads stop moving.                
24) 75) text: Machine begins to WHINE LOUDLY. Jessica tries to turn the machine off...Doc starts to wre her as:
24) 89) text: SCREAMING, as Doc is slashed by the machine amid showers and gouts of steam as the metal twists and wires short ou various fluids boil and spill onto hot surfaces. Holly tr fight her way into the mess to help Doc, but Jessica, rec pulls her down and the two struggle.
24) 94) dialog: As they face Francis.
24) 98) text: Suddenly the machine behind them erupts into a great burs and noise, momentarily drawing Francis' attention. Instan jumps him, grabs and throws him sprawling. Without a look and Jessica run out.
24) 101) text: Logan and Jessica running through Arcade.
26) 1) text: As they enter the hot darkness. The Love Shop is throbbin sexuality. In it, the darkness breaks at Irregular interv booths and cubicles flare into brilliance, each time reve orgiastic tableau. The Love Shop is multi-leveled and the flashes may appear from any direction at any time, blindi stunning the viewer. Logan and Jessica pause to get their and as they do, a beautiful WANTON grabs Logan, pulling a laughing:
26) 3) text: Logan tries to pull away, looks around for Jessica just i see a man almost carrying her off.  Then the light is gon Jessica with it.
27) 0) text: After a moment, Jessica takes Logan's hand and they start the darkness. The SOUNDS of Love Shop still heard from be wall.
27) 9) text: They pause. He puts his hand over hers. Jessica is silent turns his hand over. The crystal blinks red -- on, off.
28) 2) text: Logan nods. Jessica glances back at him but their faces are unreadabl dark. Then suddenly--in front of her--a blindingly bright rectangle of light illuminating them fiercely. Jessica mo forward. Even she has to stoop. Logan is close behind. As awkwardly into the opening, the light goes out.
28) 3) dialog: As he pushes her through the opening then moves instantly side, pulling her with him.. The move fails. Both are pin helplessly in the blinding glare of the spotlight and the appearance of glass-silver spear points pressed against t is unable to draw his gun.
28) 6) text: stage whispers) She betrayed us. Kill him. Kill them both. Jessica you sold us. Sandman butcher. Sandman murderer.
28) 7) text: Logan and Jessica stand rigid against the spear points, o heads turning to the echoing sibilants.. The spotlight go
29) 6) text: Another angry murmur of VOICES. Over it Jessica suddenly: What's the matter with you. He's a runner-- he's blinking. We must help anyone who  asks...we must-or we're the same as they  are--deciding who lives and dies.
29) 7) text: One of the points lifts and touches Jessica's cheek. A qu burn. She shrieks--a tiny sound--and is silent.
29) 10) text: She lowers her hands and we see her, tattered, frightened bright smile strange. She comes to herself a bit, looks t and sees Logan and Jessica, pinned against the wall. She reacts with fear at the sight.         
29) 18) text: The spear points are withdrawn. Logan and Jessica relieve shaken, wary.
29) 24) text: As the voice speaks the spotlight finally goes off and by around the perimeter, we see we're in some kind of large chamber--some part of the vast undercellars of the city. is enough to reveal that there are perhaps twenty people room, reds and greens both--but all are silhouetted, no f There's a kind of aisle open down the room's center and i obviously the way they are to go. Logan and Jessica move pauses.
29) 36) text: JESSICA shakes her head. She doesn't know why. Logan puts his arm around her, marveling, trying to under moved. But suddenly he remembers the urgency of the momen wheels, pulling her with him. 
29) 47) dialog: As he pulls her shakily to her feet. She nods, she's okay her off down the tunnel.
29) 50) text: As Logan and Jessica rush toward it. The corridor has wid kind of chamber which ends in a great metal door like an submarine hatch. The tracks run straight to it and beneath it. The base of tands in a couple of inches of water.
29) 51) text: With great urgency, Logan and Jessica examine the huge do gives the wheel a tug...nothing. SOUND: A WHIRRING like clockwork...A METALLIC BELL SOUND RECORDED VOICE.
29) 57) text: As Jessica takes the ankh from her neck - fumbling with t Every key only works once...and only  a Lastday key must open this door....  They said it would fit - but....
29) 60) text: SOUND: The same as before as Logan searches his pockets f Runner's ankh. Logan finds it just as the WHIRRING SOUND has STOPPED aga the light has gone out again in the center of the wheel. As Logan and Jessica wait for the sound, etcetera to repe another TREMENDOUS EXPLOSION is heard rocking everything. distance, Jessica can see the shadow of a FIGURE approach As the SOUND, etcetera, repeat-s once more...Logan pushes into the lighted center of the wheel. The ankh fuses and center becomes brighter as the door opens. There is a hesitation...in which Logan turning his head b realizes what he has done and is shaken. As the shadowed FIGURE looms LARGER:
29) 62) text: Logan turns and pushes Jessica through the door... follow as the door closes and they are:
29) 66) dialog: Bewildered -- uncertain, as their eyes adjust to the dim Finally, Logan gestures ''this way" and sets out. (NOTE: The action of the sequence is the action of people through a labyrinth. They go along, gripping a rail where sometimes sinking deep into water, sometimes rising above run into blind endings and retrace to the last junction - trying for what looks driest and seems to stretch farthes great wall...)
29) 70) text: D. POV an alley way full of machinery. Logan gives a whee turn -- great rusty net-combs start to winnow the water. E. Helping Jessica, Logan slips...falls into darkness. Je fear until he emerges, hand over slimy hand. The water is F. POV ancient signs - PROTOPLANK...DEPOT NO #11 DO NOT D HABITAT MARITIME...ETC. They speculate.
29) 77) text: Jessica nods, frightened. Logan slips off into the darkne moment he's back. His face - is grim.
29) 80) dialog: Trying to move faster now, Logan makes a wrong turning an go back. But as they do so, Francis is ever closer -- a g distorted SHAPE now visible through the eerie glass -then seeming small and distant. As they emerge from the blind alley once again close to t suddenly:
29) 82) dialog: Logan desperately claws at machinery, succeeds in startin somewhere what sounds like a GENERATOR begins laboring, a machinery GROANS.
31) 2) text: He starts to move again but Jessica hangs back.
31) 15) text: 236x3        LOGAN AND JESSICA Walk toward the light. 236x4        WITH LOGAN AND JESSICA We see a huge, high-domed cavern ringed and ornamented wi extraordinary ice sculptures-They are everywhere: Otters, tusked walrus---overhead a flight of birds. 236x5        ANOTHER ANGLE As they look in wonder:
31) 17) text: Logan and Jessica turn and see:
31) 52) text: Logan helps Jessica up to the pedestal. As they stand the
31) 54) text: Logan looks at Jessica. Her beauty is glowing in the lamp Logan takes Jessica into his arms.
31) 56) text: By this time, Logan and Jessica are no longer listening t Box...their arms are enveloping one another...with strong
31) 59) dialog: ...oblivious to Box...their feelings intensifying as they to hold one another.
31) 62) dialog: Before they turn to view the sculpture they kiss long and passionately. Their mood is broken by:
31) 64) text: Logan and Jessica break. They turn and see:
31) 67) text: Logan helps Jessica off the pedestal and they both start
31) 69) text: Box mumbles as he leads Logan and Jessica toward the rear Cavern.
32) 0) text: As Box enters followed by Logan and Jessica. This room has a fairly low ceiling and it is not too wide It stretches back as far as the eye can see. The ice along the left wall is frosted...but the ice alon wall is perfectly clear. And embedded in the ice along the perfectly clear right w
32) 2) dialog: Horrified as they move slowly along the wall.
32) 15) dialog: Retreating...as Logan FIRES again and again...to no avail As Logan and Jessica retreat further and further toward t this room and:
32) 17) dialog: Finally reaching the rear wall of this room as:
32) 19) dialog: Seemingly pinned back against the rear wall. Logan is FIRING his gun futilely with his right hand...wh his empty hand against the rear wall...trying to find a k button which might open it. The entire time he never takes his eyes off:
32) 21) dialog: Against the rear wall...We can SEE...but they cannot...th them...on the ceiling...there are a number of exposed cab
32) 23) text: Box is practically upon them.  As he lunges forward with WHIRRING saw hand Logan pushes Jessica to the floor and d alongside her. Box cannot stop his forward thrust and cuts a sizable chu out of the rear wall as: Logan SHOOTS at Box from the floor Level...upwards ...try penetrate some part of his seemingly impregnable body. He hits the exposed cables on the ceiling. There is an EXPLOSION. screaming)  No! The coils!
32) 24) text: Box rushes past Logan and Jessica toward the huge ice cav containing his sculptures. All my work!' All my work!!        
32) 25) text: As Logan and Jessica stand:
33) 5) dialog: clambering cautiously down from the barren ledge.
34) 11) text: Logan eats the berries...as Jessica watches intently. After a beat
34) 13) text: Logan and Jessica pick berries and eat. When they are fin
34) 18) dialog: Sitting on the ground. Jessica is shivering. Logan has his arms around her tryin her warm. 
38) 5) text: Logan looks at his palm...the blinking crystal is clear. He grabs Jessica's hand and looks at her palm... the same What does it mean?
38) 7) text: Jessica takes Logan's palm and kisses it. You can have any woman in the city. What do you really want? You know, Jessica. ...But I still have the choice...?
40) 1) text: Logan and Jessica walking up steps toward CAMERA.  They p two columns and EXIT CAMERA right.
41) 0) text: Logan and Jessica walk toward statue L-R. They stop and l
41) 1) dialog: Looking up at statue.
41) 3) dialog: Looking up at statue.
42) 1) text: Logan and Jessica EXITING.
42) 6) text: Logan and Jessica walking past gravestones.
42) 9) dialog: As they pass the stones, Logan glances at them.
42) 12) text: Just then their attention is focused by a distant SOUND a SHOUTING -- a man's voice. Jessica stops.
42) 18) dialog: Walking up the steps...many of which are cracked. They are proceeding with great caution...as they enter th Building.
43) 1) text: Logan and Jessica enter the ancient room. They stop and l
43) 2) dialog: SOUND: HAMMERING NOISE -- irregular. It stops after a bit They walk to the door and open it cautiously. They EXIT right.
44) 1) text: Logan and Jessica walking down corridor, left to right.
45) 0) text: Logan and Jessica as Logan opens the aged door.
45) 2) dialog: React, then they enter Senate and stop and look.
46) 2) text: There are a COUPLE OF CATS on the man's lap as he turns a Logan and Jessica...when he HEARS them move closer. The man is stroking the cats calmly...unperturbed by the of Logan and Jessica.
46) 11) text: Jessica walks up to the man and touches his face.
46) 14) text: Logan and Jessica exchange a quick glance...feeling they upon a nutsy, fruitsy cupcake.
46) 24) text: Logan and Jessica are silent. "But above and beyond there's         still one name left over,         And that is the name that you never will guess; The name that no human research can discover -- - But THE CAT HIMSELF KNOWS, and will never confess." (reaching down and stroking another cat) Will you, my pet?
46) 58) text: Logan and Jessica extend their left hands. The Old Man ta looks from one to another with delight.
46) 65) text: Jessica takes off a ring and hands it to the man.
46) 97) dialog: Logan clears two chairs of cats and they sit down. Jessica picks up a book and starts leafing through it. Logan is deep in thought. Jessica looks up from the book. How curious people used to be -- All these books...
46) 104) text: Logan continues to shake his head through Jessica's follo
46) 118) text: Jessica is silent. Francis' tone becomes increasingly sex
47) 2) text: Logan looks up...and we see Francis crouched behind the r the first row of the gallery...with his gun pointing down holding the terrified Jessica with his other arm. How nice...more company... disjointed thoughts)  We had such good times together...  I let you go!  (frenzied)  You didn't terminate a Runner and  I let you go!! (a beat) She did this to us! How could you let her?! An ordinary available                        ! (with this he flings Jessica down and away. She lies there...stunned) And what about Logan-6 and Francis-8?  (a tear in his eye) ....Why didn't you chink about them?! (up a notch) There's over two hundred years of Sandmen's blood in you, Logan.... and now you'll spill it for a stinking Runner!!
47) 20) dialog: 
47) 26) text: JessicaВ№s words donВ№t help as Logan shakes his head...t
48) 2) text: As they look down at Francis' body...in the open grave. Jessica watches as Logan and the man start shoveling dirt grave...starting to fill it.
49) 0) text: On Logan sleeping - Jessica and Old Man in a spirited but conversation in a far corner. As Logan wakes he hears:
49) 11) text: Logan shakes Jessica who is becoming hysterical. Jessica...listen to me...listen to me... (as she quiets down) The Lifeclocks made me kill Francis. They make people die or be killed every day. If I didn't try and destroy that...I couldn't live here or anywhere. Do you understand?
50) 0) text: The Old Man has picked Some wild vegetables...and hands a Logan and a piece to Jessica. As they hesitate...the Old Man bites into it... heartily. As Logan and Jessica start eating it, too: Never see the sun or the moon...  I hope we get there soon...
51) 8) text: There is a long beat...then Jessica snuggles up to Logan. ready for sleep. Beloved husband... Beloved wife...
53) 11) text: The CAMERA PANS LOGAN, JESSICA and the OLD MAN down the S STEPPED CONSTRUCTION until they reach:
53) 19) text: The Old Man watches Logan and Jessica dive into the POOL disappear.
54) 7) text: Trying to grab Logan. There is a struggle. Some Sandmen a over the railing. But remaining Sandmen fire a gas tranquilizer which subdu and Jessica. The CROWD cheers...and continues into Carousel as:
55) 21) text: K. The SCREEN'S glow increases...to an almost blinding li starting to frighten the Sandmen present. L. At the same time, we see JESSICA coming out of her tra daze...fearful...still in the Sandmen's custody.
59) 2) text: We can still see the fires in the b.g. of the SHOT as Log to Jessica...(like Gable onto Jeanette MacDonald at the e FRANCISCO)...full of happiness and hope for the future. AS people continue to mill all over the acres of strange construction...we see the Old Man WALKING INTO THE SHOT. Logan and Jessica run to him. He looks around. People sta gather...they have never seen a white-haired Old Man in t As people continue to gather around the Old Man... who co more delighted...Logan and Jessica are smiling...inviting touch him...and some do. Yes, he is an old man...Yes, they will all live again to and old women...Yes, this is the world renewing itself on