4) 6) text: Francis tries to pull Logan away from the  window, but Lo intent on waking one of  the infants.
4) 9) text: But Logan isn't moving. Francis gets an  idea.
4) 13) text: Too late: There is a SOUND OF ALARM CHIMES. The area in w stand  is bathed in a violet glow. Logan grabs Francis fi stops him from  prying at the panel:
4) 20) text: The violet light goes off. to Logan)  Had enough? Even the alarm didn't wake him.
4) 24) text: As they exit Nursery...Logan stops and takes one final lo backward.
5) 0) text: They are now on a kind of enclosed platform with widely s doorways,  each glowing faintly. They pause, waiting. at Logan curiously) Why?
7) 11) text: As they cross the entrance, two men come out, grinning br falling  into step just ahead of Logan and Francis. Then men stops  abruptly, almost colliding with them. He mumbl apology and starts  back to RELIVE. As he disappears into the RELIVE SHOP, his friend shrugs to  Logan and Francis and moves on.
7) 22) text: The crowd is growing denser, funneling into a kind of pas Logan  and Francis are swallowed up in the group.
7) 36) text: Logan shakes his head.
7) 40) text: They laugh, but the laughter is broken as a trio of young moving  with erratic speed of lightning, smashes between almost knocking  Francis over. He reels, Logan catches hi recover in time to see   the trio rip wildly through the knocking people down, screaming  with shrill joy as they
7) 55) text: Featuring Logan and Francis as they find places in the ar the others, they crane upward. As they do, Logan gestures number of pretty girls who are just being seated.
7) 69) dialog: Caught up in it Like the rest.
7) 91) text: As the SCREAMING goes on in the b.g. of the SHUT... we he BUZZING noise. Logan reaches into a pocket and takes out dark plastic box. Logan looks at the box. On it we see: MAN: RELIVE STORE 14                 
7) 97) text: Logan smiles . . . and the CAMERA PANS them rushing out o bleachers. They make their way into the hall. Logan takes out the small plastic box. We can tell from h that he is disappointed...until a faint BEEPING SOUND ema the box. Francis watches as Logan wheels in one direction... the b stops. He turns in another direction... again, there is n As Logan turns in a third direction...the BEEPING commenc Logan and Francis move swiftly in that direction and the GROWS LOUDER...AND LOUDER...until Logan and Francis see: 59-
7) 99) text: E. Logan FIRES... just missing the man...Francis FIRES ag just missing, too. F. The man is in a panic as he continues up the ramp...to levels and areas. G. Both barrels (of Logan and Francis' respective guns) g as they FIRE...with both just missing the running man onc H. The man's face is crazed...and sweating...the mouse is berserk as he has been chased to a high level. I. He stands frozen, petrified, driven to the edge of a h by the shots--teetering now. He is in full sight of Logan is across the hall. J. The Runner¹s face. He looks at death twenty feet away aims. K. Francis, watching, smiling at the perfect moment. L. Logan's face. A shadow of thought, a hesitation. M. The Runner lunges. Logan fires, misses. N. Francis fires a salvo, drives the Runner back to the r he teeters again, throws his hands in front of his face a The SCREAMING in Carousel reaches a peak.
7) 103) text: A man's face visible. Logan checks it against the face of man. They are not the same.
7) 105) text: As Francis comes up, waits. Logan moves the transceiver t man's face, rests it on his forehead.
7) 113) text: Logan shrugs. He's not sure himself. Together they walk o hall, passing CAMERA
7) 126) text: He shoves Logan in that direction and continues on down.
7) 140) dialog: As Jessica turns to him, Logan moves in strongly and embr but, to his surprise, she resists. Logan, still holding h is amused and surprised.
7) 143) text: She backs away, almost apologetically. Logan follows, smi
7) 179) text: Logan smiles, takes off gunbelt, etc.
7) 191) text: Logan stretches out his right hand. We see a red flower c embedded and centered in his right palm. It is exactly th shape that we have seen in black in the palm of the dead
7) 193) text: Logan takes his gun and points it at her. But if you're one of the misfits...  that's where I come in. frightened) I didn't say that I would run... I Just... turning over her palm) Are you a 5 or a 6? (we see a green crystal)
7) 196) text: Jessica shakes her head. Logan looks at Jessica carefully admiring sexual way...from her toes to her head...briefly (in the process) chat she is wearing an identical piece o that he has taken off the dead runner...around her neck.
7) 203) text: Suddenly Francis and two dishevel led young WOMEN burst i laughing toward Logan and Jessica Stoned, hilarious, they around Logan one of them embracing him. In the wild hilar Jessica slips away and Logan, seeing her go, makes a vain after her. Francis notices, laughs. Amid the noise he sho Logan:
7) 206) text: At Logan's expression he roars with laughter Francis pick atomizer and hurls it at the ceiling where it shatters an pink cloud settles over them all. 64X1                EXT. - SAND MAN H.Q. A frowning structure of dark stone and mirrored copper, f broad steps. Logan and Francis are climbing the steps as is coming out... His uniform is in tatters. They greet on
7) 214) text: They wave. Logan and Francis continue.
8) 0) text: As Logan and Francis cross, turn into a corridor.
9) 0) text: As Logan and Francis cross the room, Logan nods to other who are monitoring areas of the Megalopolis on video cons of these Sand-men speaks to Francis who hasn't greeted th SANDMAN (Monitor) What's with you, Francis?
9) 2) text: The other Sandmen, including Logan, smile as Logan and Fr continue to:
10) 0) text: Black door opens revealing Logan and Francis who now ente room. As they walk. . . they pass FOUR GIANT LIFECLOCKS.. YELLOW GREEN AND RED.
10) 2) text: Francis stands alongside the table...his attitude is very fact. He has been through this procedure many, many times He touches his head...(the hangover)...and Logan smiles. later...the scanner stops...the word:
10) 8) text: Logan nods. Francis exits as Logan places the contents of a plastic b items he has taken off the Runner who jumped to his death them is the odd-shaped piece of jewelry. Logan is standing nonchalantly...as the scanner moves ove items...waiting to be quickly identified and cleared as F earlier. The scanner continues scanning. Logan starts becoming impatient...but the scanning goes o and on. Now...Logan is clearly puzzled...it has never...ever take remotely resembling this length of time. Suddenly, directly before him...on the SCREEN... the word
10) 12) text: Logan sits in a chair in the area facing the SCREEN. Ther stellar groove (that we have seen on the Table) the shape crystal....glowing on an arm of the chair. The word on the SCREEN is now:
10) 59) text: Words on SCREEN read: - - QUESTION ANSWERED.... ZERO....ECOLOGICAL-NEGATIVE... As Logan reacts the new words which appear read:         
10) 72) text: Logan takes a breath.
10) 77) text: Before the startled Logan can finish...he feels a shock o his hand is immobile. Logan stares at the back of his han wasn't his. His forehead shines with sweat. Now the entire area, including the chair and the screen b glow bright red. The glowing becomes so bright that Logan to close his eyes. As the glow subsides...Logan looks at his right hand. The crystal in his palm is blinking. He stares at it, fascina fearful. 
10) 83) text: Too late. The SCREEN is BLANK. For a moment his lips part say something more but he changes his mind, turns away. Now Logan walks over to the table and removes the ankh. A automatically, he starts moving his hand toward the groov SCREEN already has the words:
11) 0) text: Spectacularly 23rd century. Logan enters. He looks around Francis.... in a whirlpool bath....trying to recover from incredible hangover. In the b.g. of the SHOT we can see some Sandmen doing cal Logan walks over to Francis....hiding his blinking crysta holding his hand against his leg.
11) 11) text: Logan nods, exits. The CAMERA REMAINS on a slightly puzzl for a moment then FOLLOW Logan out to:
12) 0) text: Logan is on the steps, irresolute. He looks at his blinki crystal...moves as if to reenter, changes his mind. Now t the black box, dials.
13) 0) text: Logan opens the door to see Jessica. Behind her a young S has obviously escorted her there. She says she's been here before...
13) 2) text: Jessica half turns and shrugs a 'see?'. The young Sandman widens, he waves to Logan and shoves off.
13) 6) text: Logan gestures, leading her inside to the living area.
13) 15) text: Logan laughs.
13) 20) text: Logan extends his right hand. He turns his right palm so Jessica can see it blinking red. Jessica gasps for a moment...then:
13) 30) text: Logan takes out the ankh.
13) 39) text: Jessica reacts. She is about to speak. . .doesn't.. Logan reaches out and touches her hand.
13) 41) text: Jessica draws her hand away quickly from his touch. Logan stands and starts out...as Jessica watches him..
15) 39) text: A moment, then Logan moves toward her hungrily, pulling h him as the door closes.
15) 49) text: Logan smiles at her, both knowing what's false, but drawn other anyhow. They commence walking again.
15) 51) text: The followers, ahead now, watching, trying to make up the to whether Jessica is bringing Logan to the ambush. As th Logan and Jessica approach.
15) 58) text: As they pass, Jessica looks full in the face of one of th followers, looks away. Logan does not notice. The followe partly reassured. One of the men is now holding a garrote his necklace. The man who first followed gestures and the off purposefully. He continues after Logan and Jessica as round a corner.
15) 62) text: Behind them, visible through the crowd--two of the men we before. The Follower and the man with the garrote. They a so as to intersect with Logan and Jessica where the crowd thickest, streams coming together to move to a higher lev
15) 68) text: Behind him the two men move in. The man with the garrote hands. One more step... Logan senses something, half-turn we hear a familiar urgent SOUND--the sound of his transce Behind him the man hesitates, drops his hands. Logan take transceiver from his belt and moves out of the crowd to t Jessica with him. Now he bends to read the message and Je cranes her head to see too.
16) 0) text: Now the hatch opens. They step out, Logan first, Jessica looking around. Behind them the hatch closes, the maze-ca away into the distance.
17) 0) text: Below them a narrow, sharply angled concrete canyon, butt walls rising featureless. The look of an old fortress, bl and cool. Still visible over an opening the chiseled lege "Cathedral Plaza--2025 A.D.--Skidmore, Rosenfelt, Hennesy architects." Jessica shivers, looking around her. Logan takes her arm descend into the canyon, move toward the wall. Their foot only SOUND.
18) 0) text: A room of angled, reflecting surfaces. At one end a jagge also mirrored, leads away. The zigzag, angled effect crea absolute confusion of images. but Logan leads her unhesit across the chamber to the corridor. Jessica hangs back, m certain she's about to smash into something. Just follow--no matter how it seems... best) But what is this--why?
18) 3) text: Logan is leading her down the zigzag corridor. It's stop fun house in which you can get hurt.
18) 6) text: Jessica reacts...to what Logan has said...then:  A moment
18) 8) text: As they approach the end of the corridor, a small FIGURE tattered garment approaches them. She stops SINGING as sh Logan and Jessica. Don't be afraid.
18) 18) text: As soon as she finishes her last sentence, Mary grabs at clothing...tearing a pin (piece of Jewelry) off...and run swiftly. As Jessica instinctively starts after her...Logan... hold
18) 20) text: Cautiously, Logan and Jessica exit from the wall, steppin
19) 0) text: An area of rubble and dilapidated buildings. Logan crouches, holding the transceiver and fanning the a listening... SOUND: a soft beeping which abruptly grows louder and hol Logan gestures to Jessica to follow him, and moves carefu direction of the BEEPING, quartering occasionally like a dog. Coming up to an angle of wall, he stops, flicks the puts the machine back onto his belt. He gestures to Jessi still then he straightens, steps out, calls:
19) 3) text: As Logan whirls:        
19) 19) text: Logan falls back into a fighting crouch...but before he c blow..he is grabbed and slammed against the wall of an ab building.
19) 31) text: moving a drugpad against Logan's face. Logan is holding his breath...desperately trying not to b "Muscle" directly from the pad into his system. He's trying to hold his breath...
19) 32) text: As Billy presses the pad tighter against Logan's face: With all his might, Logan wrenches his arms loose... drop ground and pulls out his gun. He fires and fire girdles a pillar...and they start to ba
19) 36) text: The pack moves back again...and  disperses, leaving Billy Logan alone.
19) 38) text: Logan tucks the gun back into his waist.
19) 40) text: After a beat, Billy turns and runs away. Logan comforts the shivering Jessica for a moment then ta small box from his pocket and turns it...until it starts The CAMERA PANS Logan and Jessica...following the SOUND. They move over the rubble...and cautiously around abandon buildings. We HEAR A SCREAM...and HEAR the Cubs who've only obviousl attacked someone. The SOUND is coming from a different di than where the beeping is coming from.
19) 42) text: Jessica shudders as the scream dies abruptly. The BEEPING is now very loud. Logan homes in on an abandoned building, enters, crosses a door inside and kicks it down. We SEE the Runner. The WOMAN cringing, expecting death.
19) 46) text: Before Logan can continue...the Woman...who is now wild-e hysterical lunges at Logan...and starts grappling with hi
19) 49) text: After Logan pushes her away...and she falls down: I'm not going to hurt you.
19) 50) text: Slowly, she rises. Logan takes out the ankh.
19) 52) text: Logan reaches into his pocket and takes out a small round object...the size of a large marble.
19) 54) text: Her reaction is blank, then, with desperate ferocity she Logan again. During the course of the struggle, Logan subdues her agai Jessica enters, bends over the near-crazed Runner as Loga her. Eyeing him, the woman stands and takes the small rou object...she appears somewhat bewildered as Logan and Jes off.
20) 8) dialog: At the flash of FIRE from Francis' gun, they turn. Logan and Francis' eyes meet. A beat, then Logan grabs Je pulls her away.
21) 6) text: Logan considers her. A long BEAT. Thinking, then:
24) 0) text: The waiting room has many mirrors...where customers ...ma female...are checking their faces (and bodies). There are also various photographs on the walls... sugges changes to foreheads, eyes, cheeks, lips, etcetera. The c informality is very much like people in a beauty parlor o shop. There is a RECEPTIONIST seated behind a desk in a corner. Logan and Jessica walk up to the desk. The receptionist looks at Logan...ignoring Jessica.
24) 4) text: Logan nods, impatient - he knows someone's watching.
24) 10) text: Logan and Jessica walk to one of the chairs in the waitin sit down next to an attractive WOMAN.
24) 12) text: Logan and Jessica nod. This is my third... (a beat)  ... I did it when I turned yellow ... and green. (showing her palm)  I turned red yesterday. Beautiful work. This man do them all?
24) 17) text: Logan and Jessica stand. They follow Holly into a large, stainless steel room where we see:
24) 29) text: Holly comes forward and unbuttons the collar on Logan's t As Holly brushes her fingertips lightly down Logan's arms
24) 34) text: Logan follows Holly to the Table. (Jessica remains behind who speaks to her with soft urgency).
24) 53) text: Doc presses buttons on the control board. Jessica, who is next to Doc, is slightly startled as the Table begins to pair of laser beams separate themselves from the overhead and extend toward Logan, forming inner cones as they appr CryoJector needles start to close in on them, nearing the and shoulders slowly...the visible cold streaming off the A vibrobeam begins to KEEN. SOUND: An insistent chiming. Doc hears the sound and turns with the martyred air of a been called to the phone too many times. He turns to a ph apparatus nearby, shifting the table into neutral as he t table and the laser heads stop moving.                
24) 58) text: As he speaks he presses and an arm sweeps downward and in near Logan's face. It pauses as
24) 60) text: The laser arm sweeps across Logan's forehead and cheeks, bright trail of blood as
24) 66) text: And the machine does its stuff, slashing through Logan's seam of blood following the rip.
24) 68) text: And the arm moves back again, spraying the healing fluid Logan's new wound. Again the blood disappears.
24) 81) dialog: As Logan desperately sucks in his belly....trying to flat into the Table.
24) 86) text: Shocked as Logan reaches for his gun.
24) 88) text: Abruptly, Doc lunges toward Logan...missing him as Logan As Doc turns to attack....Logan smashes his elbows into D and Doc falls back onto the Table.
24) 94) dialog: As they face Francis.
24) 101) text: Logan and Jessica running through Arcade.
25) 0) dialog: Exiting from the other side...and running through the cro and into a Love Shop...followed by Francis coming out of Hallucimill, too... and running toward the Love Shop.
26) 1) text: As they enter the hot darkness. The Love Shop is throbbin sexuality. In it, the darkness breaks at Irregular interv booths and cubicles flare into brilliance, each time reve orgiastic tableau. The Love Shop is multi-leveled and the flashes may appear from any direction at any time, blindi stunning the viewer. Logan and Jessica pause to get their and as they do, a beautiful WANTON grabs Logan, pulling a laughing:
26) 3) text: Logan tries to pull away, looks around for Jessica just i see a man almost carrying her off.  Then the light is gon Jessica with it.
26) 9) dialog: As he suddenly collides with a woman -- shoves her away a it's Jessica. Now together they make for an archway where mirrors enclose them. Suddenly they are in darkness. Then a heavy door slides o Jessica leads Logan through the opening. Behind them the shut again. 
27) 0) text: After a moment, Jessica takes Logan's hand and they start the darkness. The SOUNDS of Love Shop still heard from be wall.
27) 11) text: Logan embraces her, but his look is strange and remote. T continue down into the darkness.
28) 2) text: Logan nods. Jessica glances back at him but their faces are unreadabl dark. Then suddenly--in front of her--a blindingly bright rectangle of light illuminating them fiercely. Jessica mo forward. Even she has to stoop. Logan is close behind. As awkwardly into the opening, the light goes out.
28) 3) dialog: As he pushes her through the opening then moves instantly side, pulling her with him.. The move fails. Both are pin helplessly in the blinding glare of the spotlight and the appearance of glass-silver spear points pressed against t is unable to draw his gun.
28) 7) text: Logan and Jessica stand rigid against the spear points, o heads turning to the echoing sibilants.. The spotlight go
29) 0) text: In the darkness we see the glass-silver spear points are around them, the long shafts falling away into darkness, steaming gently when they touch--making an instant, winci Logan moves--a spear point presses--he flinches.
29) 8) dialog: Reacts fiercely, spinning against the spear points, he is pierced in a dozen places as he manages to get Jessica cl shielding her with his body. But the spear points are too subsides, as VOICES rise angrily "Kill him now". Suddenly a RINGING ALARM. All sound stops at once and we CLATTER of FOOTSTEPS down the iron stair and across the o The spotlight bursts on again and a figure staggers into chamber, straightening into the light, hair dishevelled, front against the glare. It's Holly.
29) 10) text: She lowers her hands and we see her, tattered, frightened bright smile strange. She comes to herself a bit, looks t and sees Logan and Jessica, pinned against the wall. She reacts with fear at the sight.         
29) 16) text: Holly suddenly remembers and the shock makes her lucid. it out)  That's right. The other one came after.  The older one. Smashing, killing, burning! desperately)  ...and he was hunting the first one,  this one. Wasn't he? Wasn't he? This  one was running, the other one was  hunting him... Yes. Oh yes. (to Logan)  He was after you. I remember. You're  running!
29) 18) text: The spear points are withdrawn. Logan and Jessica relieve shaken, wary.
29) 24) text: As the voice speaks the spotlight finally goes off and by around the perimeter, we see we're in some kind of large chamber--some part of the vast undercellars of the city. is enough to reveal that there are perhaps twenty people room, reds and greens both--but all are silhouetted, no f There's a kind of aisle open down the room's center and i obviously the way they are to go. Logan and Jessica move pauses.
29) 36) text: JESSICA shakes her head. She doesn't know why. Logan puts his arm around her, marveling, trying to under moved. But suddenly he remembers the urgency of the momen wheels, pulling her with him. 
29) 46) text: After the slightest beat, Logan FIRES and Francis falls, chunk of the cave roof falling between him and Logan -- a obscured while EXPLOSIONS and SCREAMS continue.
29) 47) dialog: As he pulls her shakily to her feet. She nods, she's okay her off down the tunnel.
29) 50) text: As Logan and Jessica rush toward it. The corridor has wid kind of chamber which ends in a great metal door like an submarine hatch. The tracks run straight to it and beneath it. The base of tands in a couple of inches of water.
29) 51) text: With great urgency, Logan and Jessica examine the huge do gives the wheel a tug...nothing. SOUND: A WHIRRING like clockwork...A METALLIC BELL SOUND RECORDED VOICE.
29) 58) text: She tries to fit the ankh into the glowing one, but her h Logan tries to steady her - and in helping, she drops it dark pool of water. They fall to their knees, searching d Then Logan remembers.
29) 60) text: SOUND: The same as before as Logan searches his pockets f Runner's ankh. Logan finds it just as the WHIRRING SOUND has STOPPED aga the light has gone out again in the center of the wheel. As Logan and Jessica wait for the sound, etcetera to repe another TREMENDOUS EXPLOSION is heard rocking everything. distance, Jessica can see the shadow of a FIGURE approach As the SOUND, etcetera, repeat-s once more...Logan pushes into the lighted center of the wheel. The ankh fuses and center becomes brighter as the door opens. There is a hesitation...in which Logan turning his head b realizes what he has done and is shaken. As the shadowed FIGURE looms LARGER:
29) 62) text: Logan turns and pushes Jessica through the door... follow as the door closes and they are:
29) 66) dialog: Bewildered -- uncertain, as their eyes adjust to the dim Finally, Logan gestures ''this way" and sets out. (NOTE: The action of the sequence is the action of people through a labyrinth. They go along, gripping a rail where sometimes sinking deep into water, sometimes rising above run into blind endings and retrace to the last junction - trying for what looks driest and seems to stretch farthes great wall...)
29) 70) text: D. POV an alley way full of machinery. Logan gives a whee turn -- great rusty net-combs start to winnow the water. E. Helping Jessica, Logan slips...falls into darkness. Je fear until he emerges, hand over slimy hand. The water is F. POV ancient signs - PROTOPLANK...DEPOT NO #11 DO NOT D HABITAT MARITIME...ETC. They speculate.
29) 74) text: Logan shrugs, but the idea makes him queasy, too. 
29) 77) text: Jessica nods, frightened. Logan slips off into the darkne moment he's back. His face - is grim.
29) 80) dialog: Trying to move faster now, Logan makes a wrong turning an go back. But as they do so, Francis is ever closer -- a g distorted SHAPE now visible through the eerie glass -then seeming small and distant. As they emerge from the blind alley once again close to t suddenly:
29) 82) dialog: Logan desperately claws at machinery, succeeds in startin somewhere what sounds like a GENERATOR begins laboring, a machinery GROANS.
29) 84) text: echo; etcetera) LOGAN N N N.
29) 88) dialog: Francis FIRES -- tremendous SOUND, ECHOING and RESOUNDING the great tanks buckles and a cascade of water erupts ove everything. Through it, Logan manages to get the door ope pushes a half-drowning Jessica through.
30) 1) text: Logan slumps to the floor.
31) 0) dialog: Moving at an extremely high speed...We can see the outsid flickering - dark, light, - dark, light... and finally to color. They lie slumped, motionless. Finally it stops. Th opens into a kind of glistening darkness, suffused by a b It is now very cold. In the silence Logan stirs. Groping, he touches Jessica, close to him. Logan puts his arm around her and they rise tentatively, he leads her out into the dark chamber where for a moment trying to find themselves. What little light seems to come from the left. Arm around Jessica, Logan st move. I'm afraid.
31) 4) text: He halts. I don't know what's going to happen         to us Logan but --         (a beat) Are you glad you didn't kill him?
31) 12) text: Logan mouths "Us"...a strange word...and why not... in th minutes he has done strange things.
31) 15) text: 236x3        LOGAN AND JESSICA Walk toward the light. 236x4        WITH LOGAN AND JESSICA We see a huge, high-domed cavern ringed and ornamented wi extraordinary ice sculptures-They are everywhere: Otters, tusked walrus---overhead a flight of birds. 236x5        ANOTHER ANGLE As they look in wonder:
31) 17) text: Logan and Jessica turn and see:
31) 32) text: Logan contains his anger. again; quietly)  Where do you think we came from?
31) 52) text: Logan helps Jessica up to the pedestal. As they stand the
31) 54) text: Logan looks at Jessica. Her beauty is glowing in the lamp Logan takes Jessica into his arms.
31) 56) text: By this time, Logan and Jessica are no longer listening t Box...their arms are enveloping one another...with strong
31) 59) dialog: ...oblivious to Box...their feelings intensifying as they to hold one another.
31) 62) dialog: Before they turn to view the sculpture they kiss long and passionately. Their mood is broken by:
31) 64) text: Logan and Jessica break. They turn and see:
31) 66) dialog: There are tears in Jessica's eyes as she reacts to the sc Logan's hand)         It's glorious 
31) 67) text: Logan helps Jessica off the pedestal and they both start
31) 69) text: Box mumbles as he leads Logan and Jessica toward the rear Cavern.
32) 0) text: As Box enters followed by Logan and Jessica. This room has a fairly low ceiling and it is not too wide It stretches back as far as the eye can see. The ice along the left wall is frosted...but the ice alon wall is perfectly clear. And embedded in the ice along the perfectly clear right w
32) 2) dialog: Horrified as they move slowly along the wall.
32) 5) text: Logan walks to the end of this wall. Each frozen body has above it. The final body's number is 1056...That number w voice in Sandman's headquarters revealed as the number of Runners. The CAMERA PANS Logan back to Box.
32) 11) text: Logan pulls out his gun.
32) 14) text: Box starts his saw hand BUZZING.  He turns all the flesh his body away from Logan and starts advancing toward him who is now standing behind Logan. Box is now like an armed vehicle. Logan FIRES...the fire reflecting harmlessly off Box's me Resign yourself.
32) 15) dialog: Retreating...as Logan FIRES again and again...to no avail As Logan and Jessica retreat further and further toward t this room and:
32) 17) dialog: Finally reaching the rear wall of this room as:
32) 19) dialog: Seemingly pinned back against the rear wall. Logan is FIRING his gun futilely with his right hand...wh his empty hand against the rear wall...trying to find a k button which might open it. The entire time he never takes his eyes off:
32) 21) dialog: Against the rear wall...We can SEE...but they cannot...th them...on the ceiling...there are a number of exposed cab
32) 23) text: Box is practically upon them.  As he lunges forward with WHIRRING saw hand Logan pushes Jessica to the floor and d alongside her. Box cannot stop his forward thrust and cuts a sizable chu out of the rear wall as: Logan SHOOTS at Box from the floor Level...upwards ...try penetrate some part of his seemingly impregnable body. He hits the exposed cables on the ceiling. There is an EXPLOSION. screaming)  No! The coils!
32) 24) text: Box rushes past Logan and Jessica toward the huge ice cav containing his sculptures. All my work!' All my work!!        
32) 25) text: As Logan and Jessica stand:
32) 27) text: 270x1        ANGLE - THE REFRIGERANT COILS Bursting open, discharging great streams of gases. 270x2        LOGAN Seeing the effect, shooting again and again at the ceilin walls. 270x3        ANOTHER ANGLE        
33) 3) text: Logan shakes his head...he doesn't know. As Logan looks up at the sun. 
33) 5) dialog: clambering cautiously down from the barren ledge.
34) 11) text: Logan eats the berries...as Jessica watches intently. After a beat
34) 13) text: Logan and Jessica pick berries and eat. When they are fin
34) 18) dialog: Sitting on the ground. Jessica is shivering. Logan has his arms around her tryin her warm. 
34) 20) text: Logan shrugs.
34) 29) text: Logan shrugs. convince herself)  Maybe we're the first ones to get  through...  (hopeful tone)  Maybe Sanctuary is near, now...  another protected place. It couldn't  be outside. How would anyone know? Even if we find  it -- we can never go back.
34) 30) text: At her stricken look...Logan touches her in a caring way.
38) 5) text: Logan looks at his palm...the blinking crystal is clear. He grabs Jessica's hand and looks at her palm... the same What does it mean?
38) 7) text: Jessica takes Logan's palm and kisses it. You can have any woman in the city. What do you really want? You know, Jessica. ...But I still have the choice...?
40) 1) text: Logan and Jessica walking up steps toward CAMERA.  They p two columns and EXIT CAMERA right.
41) 0) text: Logan and Jessica walk toward statue L-R. They stop and l
41) 1) dialog: Looking up at statue.
41) 3) dialog: Looking up at statue.
41) 5) text: Logan shrugs. They turn, start to EXIT from memorial.
42) 1) text: Logan and Jessica EXITING.
42) 6) text: Logan and Jessica walking past gravestones.
42) 9) dialog: As they pass the stones, Logan glances at them.
42) 15) text: Logan shakes his head. They EXIT cemetery toward capitol.
42) 18) dialog: Walking up the steps...many of which are cracked. They are proceeding with great caution...as they enter th Building.
43) 1) text: Logan and Jessica enter the ancient room. They stop and l
43) 2) dialog: SOUND: HAMMERING NOISE -- irregular. It stops after a bit They walk to the door and open it cautiously. They EXIT right.
44) 1) text: Logan and Jessica walking down corridor, left to right.
45) 0) text: Logan and Jessica as Logan opens the aged door.
45) 2) dialog: React, then they enter Senate and stop and look.
46) 2) text: There are a COUPLE OF CATS on the man's lap as he turns a Logan and Jessica...when he HEARS them move closer. The man is stroking the cats calmly...unperturbed by the of Logan and Jessica.
46) 14) text: Logan and Jessica exchange a quick glance...feeling they upon a nutsy, fruitsy cupcake.
46) 24) text: Logan and Jessica are silent. "But above and beyond there's         still one name left over,         And that is the name that you never will guess; The name that no human research can discover -- - But THE CAT HIMSELF KNOWS, and will never confess." (reaching down and stroking another cat) Will you, my pet?
46) 53) text: Logan wheels...as he HEARS THE NOISE OF A DOOR SQUEAKING SLIGHTLY...as it opens a bit wider:
46) 58) text: Logan and Jessica extend their left hands. The Old Man ta looks from one to another with delight.
46) 97) dialog: Logan clears two chairs of cats and they sit down. Jessica picks up a book and starts leafing through it. Logan is deep in thought. Jessica looks up from the book. How curious people used to be -- All these books...
46) 104) text: Logan continues to shake his head through Jessica's follo
46) 107) text: As Logan takes her in his arms...comforting her:
46) 111) text: She man leads Logan across the chamber to a far corner.
46) 112) text: Remaining near the podium. She is dejected. Logan's argum there is no Sanctuary has sunk in and taken hold.
46) 120) text: Francis starts to tear off her clothes...obviously to rap expression remains cold and without passion. Logan!!!
47) 2) text: Logan looks up...and we see Francis crouched behind the r the first row of the gallery...with his gun pointing down holding the terrified Jessica with his other arm. How nice...more company... disjointed thoughts)  We had such good times together...  I let you go!  (frenzied)  You didn't terminate a Runner and  I let you go!! (a beat) She did this to us! How could you let her?! An ordinary available                        ! (with this he flings Jessica down and away. She lies there...stunned) And what about Logan-6 and Francis-8?  (a tear in his eye) ....Why didn't you chink about them?! (up a notch) There's over two hundred years of Sandmen's blood in you, Logan.... and now you'll spill it for a stinking Runner!!
47) 8) text: Francis leaps from the gallery and falls on Logan.
47) 13) text: His eyes focus briefly and he sees Logan's palm-the cryst clear and white. Francis is suddenly radiant.
47) 24) text: Logan¹s eyes are glistening with tears.  The man starts
47) 26) text: Jessica¹s words don¹t help as Logan shakes his head...t
47) 31) text: The man sits down. Gently, Logan lifts Francis¹ body...trying to straighten from the slightly twisted position he assumed when he fel floor. After resting Francis¹ body on the floor again.  He crad head in his arms.
48) 2) text: As they look down at Francis' body...in the open grave. Jessica watches as Logan and the man start shoveling dirt grave...starting to fill it.
49) 0) text: On Logan sleeping - Jessica and Old Man in a spirited but conversation in a far corner. As Logan wakes he hears:
49) 3) text: She sees Logan awake and listening, crosses to him, smili rises to her.
49) 11) text: Logan shakes Jessica who is becoming hysterical. Jessica...listen to me...listen to me... (as she quiets down) The Lifeclocks made me kill Francis. They make people die or be killed every day. If I didn't try and destroy that...I couldn't live here or anywhere. Do you understand?
49) 13) text: Logan puts his arms around her.
49) 22) text: Logan nods.
49) 26) text: Logan nods.
49) 28) text: Again, Logan nods. Thousands and thousands alive... oh, my...
50) 0) text: The Old Man has picked Some wild vegetables...and hands a Logan and a piece to Jessica. As they hesitate...the Old Man bites into it... heartily. As Logan and Jessica start eating it, too: Never see the sun or the moon...  I hope we get there soon...
51) 8) text: There is a long beat...then Jessica snuggles up to Logan. ready for sleep. Beloved husband... Beloved wife...
53) 11) text: The CAMERA PANS LOGAN, JESSICA and the OLD MAN down the S STEPPED CONSTRUCTION until they reach:
53) 19) text: The Old Man watches Logan and Jessica dive into the POOL disappear.
54) 0) text: Emerging from the water. It is a labyrinth of humming turbines, automonitored cabl impulse collectors. Logan leads her swiftly through the humming maze toward a 369- 369Xl         OUT
54) 6) text: There is an angry murmur in the CROWD as Logan continues: his palm) See... it's' clear. The Lifeclocks are a lie - Carousel is a lie!!
54) 7) text: Trying to grab Logan. There is a struggle. Some Sandmen a over the railing. But remaining Sandmen fire a gas tranquilizer which subdu and Jessica. The CROWD cheers...and continues into Carousel as:
55) 0) text: It is the same area where Logan received the original ass find and destroy Sanctuary. In the rear...with the panel open...the sign reading:
55) 12) dialog: 
55) 14) text: B. Logan himself - twisting in pain. C. The word NEGATIVE appears on the SCREEN.
55) 16) text: E. Logan writhes in the chair.                 
55) 27) text: The sign PROBABILITY bursts...the SIX HEADS of Logan go o The noise and the light coming out of the screen Increase begins to burst into showers of sparks and flame.
55) 29) dialog: Straining twisting, as the light above him bursts, goes o puff of smoke -- releasing him. Logan staggers to his fee to meet:
55) 32) text: Manages to get one of the Sandmen's guns, instantly blast with it. In the noise and confusion, the fight becomes ge Sandman fires back at Logan, misses -- the shot hits one Lifeclocks which flares electrically, ribboning out a gre Instantly Logan gets off a couple of shots at the other L which similarly flare and burst into violent electrical f discharges.
59) 2) text: We can still see the fires in the b.g. of the SHOT as Log to Jessica...(like Gable onto Jeanette MacDonald at the e FRANCISCO)...full of happiness and hope for the future. AS people continue to mill all over the acres of strange construction...we see the Old Man WALKING INTO THE SHOT. Logan and Jessica run to him. He looks around. People sta gather...they have never seen a white-haired Old Man in t As people continue to gather around the Old Man... who co more delighted...Logan and Jessica are smiling...inviting touch him...and some do. Yes, he is an old man...Yes, they will all live again to and old women...Yes, this is the world renewing itself on