3) 6) dialog: As he reappears around a corner, skirts a brimming pool a for a  kind of broad corridor which seems to lead out of courtyard. He is  moving even faster now, glancing back a fears pursuit.
3) 8) dialog: Moving rapidly down the corridor, he suddenly stops as if the  presence above. He looks up, sees the SANDMAN and hi breaks in  terror. He wheels, frantic, screaming, runs ba hall.
3) 10) text: The crowd melting, parting to reveal the Runner backed ag pool.  People are YELLING, shaking their fists, terribly fearful.
3) 12) dialog: Seeming to burst aflame in the LENS, then slipping BELOW reveal  Francis sauntering forward, holstering his weapon closing in  behind him, applauding, congratulating him.
7) 99) text: E. Logan FIRES... just missing the man...Francis FIRES ag just missing, too. F. The man is in a panic as he continues up the ramp...to levels and areas. G. Both barrels (of Logan and Francis' respective guns) g as they FIRE...with both just missing the running man onc H. The man's face is crazed...and sweating...the mouse is berserk as he has been chased to a high level. I. He stands frozen, petrified, driven to the edge of a h by the shots--teetering now. He is in full sight of Logan is across the hall. J. The RunnerВ№s face. He looks at death twenty feet away aims. K. Francis, watching, smiling at the perfect moment. L. Logan's face. A shadow of thought, a hesitation. M. The Runner lunges. Logan fires, misses. N. Francis fires a salvo, drives the Runner back to the r he teeters again, throws his hands in front of his face a The SCREAMING in Carousel reaches a peak.
7) 196) text: Jessica shakes her head. Logan looks at Jessica carefully admiring sexual way...from her toes to her head...briefly (in the process) chat she is wearing an identical piece o that he has taken off the dead runner...around her neck.
10) 1) text: Each LIFECLOCK pulses out the moments of every person ali city, governing everyone's crystal changes automatically the next LIFECLOCK when the time comes. There are no humans. Francis walks over to a circular table at the end of the above which is a circular overhang. There is a groove...t a palm crystal on one part of the circular table. Francis takes out the plastic bag which contains the cont dead Runner's pockets and starts putting the contents on (These contents are the ones from the Runner Francis has the beginning of the film.) The moment the first item touches the table...it activate on the overhang above.         
10) 8) text: Logan nods. Francis exits as Logan places the contents of a plastic b items he has taken off the Runner who jumped to his death them is the odd-shaped piece of jewelry. Logan is standing nonchalantly...as the scanner moves ove items...waiting to be quickly identified and cleared as F earlier. The scanner continues scanning. Logan starts becoming impatient...but the scanning goes o and on. Now...Logan is clearly puzzled...it has never...ever take remotely resembling this length of time. Suddenly, directly before him...on the SCREEN... the word
10) 71) dialog: 
19) 2) text: Silence. Jessica involuntarily moves to him and as she do Runner moves from behind an upright and stands.- The figu shadowed, the arms out, palms facing in a kind of gesture surrender. In the Runner's left hand, the tiny red crysta and off. The Runner is a woman! There is an instant of frozen confrontation and then sudd Jessica gasps, grasping at him.        
19) 5) text: Suddenly, from everywhere out of the shadows, a pack of s Cubs materializes--moving with blinding speed. At their a the Runner whirls and races off into the dark shadows. Lo futile gesture after her, then turns to face the Cubs. A strutting, feral-faced fourteen or fifteen year old hea pack, dressed in fierce-looking tatters and hung with rip trophies. He gestures to one of his followers to stand st
19) 42) text: Jessica shudders as the scream dies abruptly. The BEEPING is now very loud. Logan homes in on an abandoned building, enters, crosses a door inside and kicks it down. We SEE the Runner. The WOMAN cringing, expecting death.
19) 54) text: Her reaction is blank, then, with desperate ferocity she Logan again. During the course of the struggle, Logan subdues her agai Jessica enters, bends over the near-crazed Runner as Loga her. Eyeing him, the woman stands and takes the small rou object...she appears somewhat bewildered as Logan and Jes off.
20) 5) text: tone) Runner!
29) 6) text: Another angry murmur of VOICES. Over it Jessica suddenly: What's the matter with you. He's a runner-- he's blinking. We must help anyone who  asks...we must-or we're the same as they  are--deciding who lives and dies.
29) 60) text: SOUND: The same as before as Logan searches his pockets f Runner's ankh. Logan finds it just as the WHIRRING SOUND has STOPPED aga the light has gone out again in the center of the wheel. As Logan and Jessica wait for the sound, etcetera to repe another TREMENDOUS EXPLOSION is heard rocking everything. distance, Jessica can see the shadow of a FIGURE approach As the SOUND, etcetera, repeat-s once more...Logan pushes into the lighted center of the wheel. The ankh fuses and center becomes brighter as the door opens. There is a hesitation...in which Logan turning his head b realizes what he has done and is shaken. As the shadowed FIGURE looms LARGER:
32) 5) text: Logan walks to the end of this wall. Each frozen body has above it. The final body's number is 1056...That number w voice in Sandman's headquarters revealed as the number of Runners. The CAMERA PANS Logan back to Box.
47) 2) text: Logan looks up...and we see Francis crouched behind the r the first row of the gallery...with his gun pointing down holding the terrified Jessica with his other arm. How nice...more company... disjointed thoughts)  We had such good times together...  I let you go!  (frenzied)  You didn't terminate a Runner and  I let you go!! (a beat) She did this to us! How could you let her?! An ordinary available                        ! (with this he flings Jessica down and away. She lies there...stunned) And what about Logan-6 and Francis-8?  (a tear in his eye) ....Why didn't you chink about them?! (up a notch) There's over two hundred years of Sandmen's blood in you, Logan.... and now you'll spill it for a stinking Runner!!