0) 0) text: Young AILEEN plays dress up in her mother’s clothing. She preens into camera like a star.
0) 1) dialog: I used to imagine there was a camera following me around that could see what nobody else could. And I just knew, one day I'd be famous. She pretends to smoke and laughs gaily as if chatting wit friends.
0) 3) dialog: Or at least rich. Rich and beautiful like the glamorous women on the television.
1) 0) text: An old fashioned garage, empty except for Aileen. She lay front of the box on an oil stained floor.
1) 1) dialog: I'd have a good looking husband and great big family and a house on the beach. The two dolls are held together in a kiss. They turn and off of the box side by side. Getting up, Aileen runs her dolls around the floor as if were driving, then lifts them up into flight. (CONTINUED)
2) 0) text: The room is bare. Aileen lays in bed. She holds her cover tight. AILEEN (V.O.) . As I got older I learned to stop sharing this with people but still whenever I-was down I would just escape into my mind... She is frightened. Her eyes dart nervously then CLENCH SH with DREAD.
2) 1) dialog: ...to my other life, where I was someone else. The bedroom door slowly opens.
3) 0) text: TEENAGE AILEEN, dirty and unstylishly dressed, approaches group of teenage girls huddled together waiting for the b They glare and erupt into SOUNDLESS peels of laughter. Aileen's smile turns to a hardened scowl.
3) 1) dialog: All these people just didn't know yet who I was gonna be. But one day they would. cuT TO:
4) 0) text: Teenage Aileen stands behind a garage, made-up and provocatively dressed. Teenage boys crowd around. (CONTINUED)
4) 1) text: fr AILEEN (V.0.) I started wearing make-up real young and was always super concerned with my image... She nonchalantly takes a dollar and lifts her plouse. Her gaze lingers wistfully on a CUTE BOY.
4) 2) dialog: I was always secretly looking for who it was gonna be would discover me. Was it this guy? » The cute boy stares at her chest then meets her gaze wi sneer. Aileen's face contorts instantly into an indiffere glare. She tucks the dollar in her pocket. cuT TO:
5) 0) text: Teenage Aileen lingers on the edge of an alley. A car dri by a 50 year old man pulls over and Aileen hops in.
5) 1) dialog: or maybe this one? You never knew- But even if they couldn't take me all the way, somehow somebody would believe in me just enough. The man smiles lasciviously. Aileen leans into him. Her h drops out of frame. cuT TO:
6) 1) dialog: They would think I was beautiful. Like a diamond in the rough. They would take me away to that new life. That new world. where everything would be different. PUSH IN ON: Aileen’s face, her eyes are closed. They flip open anxiously...
7) 0) text: 18 year old Aileen stands stock still, frozen in a shabby living room. The young man and his MOTHER surround her, arguing. No words are needed to know the subject is Ailee
8) 0) text: The lovers fight behind an idling car. He tries, barely, soothe her. Aileen is hysterical and violent. He loses hi temper and throws her to the ground. His car peels away i the night. Aileen sobs in the dirt. Screaming, pounding the earth.
8) 2) dialog: But one day... it just stopped. The deafening sound of POURING RAIN. cuT TO: EYES, WORN and RED, hold a cold stare.
9) 0) text: Headlights streak down the highway in the pouring FLORIDA rain. A figure is tucked in the crook of an underpass. AILEEN ‘LEE’ WUORNOS, now 30 years old, leans against a concrete support. She is dirty and disheveled. The rain h through her thin jacket but she doesn’t seem to notice. T contents of her purse are spilled in the muddy water. She stares into her lap, trance-like. (NOTE: Aileen will be referred to as Lee in the present t of the script, and Aileen in VOICE OVER only.) Follow her stare down to a dirty .22 handgun. She gently fingers the trigger. A rumpled and torn FIVE DOLLAR BILL clutched in her other hand. t~ She leans her head back and closes her eyes. She draws , breath, and opens them. a EXT. RAINY HIGHWAY - AFTERNOON A thumb juts into the drizzling rain. Lee stands on the shoulder of the road, squinting at the passing cars.
9) 1) dialog: By the time I met Selby Wall?... shit, all I wanted was a beer. FADE UP: the chatter and clinking glasses of a bar.
13) 12) dialog: I've always moved too fast in love, but I'd spent most of the day sitting in the rain about to kill myself, so you can understand I wasn't feeling particularly cautious. The NIGHT SKY is bright with stars. CICADAS whir in the distance.
13) 13) dialog: Hookers had been showing up dead all over the Florida highways and when I found myself secretly hoping the guy would just get me and finally end it all, I knew I had nothing more to lose. A LIGHT BULB clicks on.
14) 3) dialog: Everybody's got faith in something. For me, all I'd had left was love... But when my boyfriend took off and stole all of my pressure cleaning equipment, something finally broke. She adds some detergent and spins the dials. The washer: into action. The FRIDGE DOOR swings open on the fully stocked fridge.
14) 5) dialog: I ‘know that part had sounded like a lie put I'd spent two years saving up for that stuff so when he left, I was pretty sure I'd never love a man again. ’ A beer CRACKS open. Tupperware PEELS apart. Boxes are OPE Lee sits at the kitchen table in front of a feast of leftovers. She voraciously stabs at everything.
14) 6) dialog: And without love, without even hope of it, what’s the point. Even a bum on the streets is looking for something, alcohol, drugs, something. The lights on a STEREO SYSTEM flip on.
14) 8) dialog: The only reason I didn't do it was a five dollar bill. I kept feeling it in my pocket and it was bugging me. Suddenly uncomfortable, Lee digs in her pajama pocket. Sh pulls out a crumpled five dollar bill and tosses it onto coffee table. (CONTINUED )
14) 11) dialog: I knew I‘d probably given some asshole a blow job for it, so it really started to piss me off that if I killed myself without spending it, then I would have basically sucked him off for free. A FAINT CRY is heard. Lee grabs the remote, turns down th radio and listens.
14) 13) dialog: So I made a deal. I said "God, you've done this to me and I don’t know why. Now, I’m going into town to spend this five bucks but when it’s gone... so am
14) 15) dialog: "So if you've got something for me in this world you had better bring it on.” Light spills from beneath a closed door. Her hand grips t doorknob and turns it.
14) 16) dialog: And sure enough there she was. Reverse to SELBY, dressed like a HOUSEWIFE, propped up wi pillows in a king sized bed. She lowers a book.
34) 3) dialog: To tell you the truth, at first I wasn't cf bull shitting. All I wanted was a week. t EXT. RIDGEWOOD BLVD. - DAY The DREGS OF SOCIETY wander along a line of liquor stores porno shops. Lee pushes through a glut outside of a bar, looking quite different in fully butch attire. Selby follows in hand, delighted by her denizen escort and taking it all in with awe.
34) 4) dialog: Between the fact that Selby was heading back to some miserable life, and I'd probably get caught for what happened sooner or later anyway...
35) 1) dialog: I figured the least he could do was finance the two of us a little joy. t Lee passes with a handful of cleaning supplies: WINDEX, TOWELS, PLASTIC GLOVES. She grabs a bong and tosses it in
36) 2) dialog: We had a little money and a little time, and that was all that I wanted.
37) 0) text: A densely packed biker bar teems with local bike clubs. I the belly of the beast and Lee proudly escorts Selby in. eyes light up as she looks around. AILEEN (V.O.) . And man, it delivered. Suddenly I felt like I was a part of something. A couple. Like those people I'd always watched from afar. They pass CUBBY, a fat bouncer on a stool. He nods throug cigarette as they pass. He and Lee slap hands. .
37) 5) dialog: And no matter how tired I was, or how mach I could worry, I was alive. And for the first time in years I really felt it. So I thought I'd just take what I could get as long as I could. Lee throws her arm around Selby. Selby slides into her embrace. They look around at the unphazed crowd. This is where this odd couple belongs. Lee and Selby are pulled in. They smile sweetly. Proudly. Shyly. Bad teeth and all.
38) 3) dialog: But the funny thing about the good things in life is, once you get a taste, they never are enough. End MUSIC CUE. Fade to BLACK.
43) 21) dialog: I once heard this saying that’s always stuck with me. I must have been around 13 years old, cause I remember I'd just put the baby up for adoption.
44) 1) dialog: They had called an assembly at my Jr. High School cause this guy who played drums for Slim Whitman was coming to talk to us about success and making your mark on the world.
45) 1) dialog: I was really excited cause he Now... I don’t have any was the first real celebrity experience per se but I'ma I'd seen and this was just real hard worker and I learn exactly the kind of thing I fast... wanted to learn how to follow in the footsteps of..
46) 1) dialog: ...So I listened really hard to any advice he had and sure enough he said something that just stuck right in my mind. It was - “all you need in life is love and to believe in yourself, and then there’s nothing you can't do.” 48. t INT. LEGAL OFFICE - DAY Now it’s a MAN AT A DESK - a LAWYER type with no time to spare, growing increasingly irritated. He cuts Lee off.
46) 8) dialog: All you need is love and to believe in yourself... Nice idea, It doesn’t exactly work out that way but I guess it was better to hear a flat out lie, than know the truth at 13. The SOUND of laughter fades up.
60) 1) dialog: ...was this beautiful, gigantic Ferris Wheel that lit up in the night sky. As a kid, I thought it was about the coolest thing I'd ever seen. They called it THE MONSTER. (CONTINUED)
60) 4) dialog: All summer I'd sit in my bedroom window and watch it turn, just dreaming of what it would feel like to ride on. Lee scoops up a handful of bills and extends them to Selb
60) 6) dialog: I thought for sure it would feel like flying. So when I was old enough, after years of thinking about it I finally got my chance.
61) 1) dialog: I'll tell you, I waited in line all day and I've never been so excited since, but sure enough...
62) 1) dialog: I was so nauseous and scared I threw up all over myself before it even made a full turn. Selby’s hand waves out the window. After a beat she retur to her burger. She smiles at Lee as she chomps it down. 66. cr INT. THE LAST RESORT - NIGHT They sit in the corner. Lee is really drunk, refills thei glasses from a pitcher. Selby sips hers.
62) 2) dialog: And that's what I mean. In my life it's always been the harmless stuff that hurt the most.. Selby looks away, distracted. A group of bikers laugh at bar. Selby smiles along.
62) 3) dialog: +.-and the thing so horrible you can't even imagine it is usually a lot easier than you think. Lee watches them slightly more aggressively. AILEEN (V.0.) (CONT'D) . You never really know until you're the one standing there.
91) 46) dialog: Victor Borne... That was his name ~ my dad's friend. Some friend. Rape your daughter. But my dad was loyal to him. I'll give ‘em that much. So much for justice. One night, after years had gone by, I knew I was gonna have to kill him. Lee reaches the clearing and approaches a Dark Blue Chrys (CONTINUED)
91) 49) dialog: I had a plan and a knife. I knew he was coming to dinner so I went to his house and hid outside in the bushes. I was so ready and so filled with hate, but when he finally stepped out he looked so big and I felt so small and ridiculous that I lost my nerve. She unlocks the car, tosses her bag in and opens his wall
91) 50) dialog: I couldn’t do it. Just watched him walk away. Went home and ate dinner with him. Mom yelled at me for being rude when he asked me for the salt. She pulls out a 10 and some single with a frown. Flips on A portrait style PHOTOGRAPH of Evan and his WIFE. She’s i WHEEL CHAIR. They smile happily. His eyes, loving and war Lee's jaw sets, she doesn’t want to see this.
91) 51) dialog: Years later, when I found out he had died in a car. accident, I was overjoyed. It was like God finally struck him down for all his evil. I loved it. She flips through the plastic sleeves. Page after page of photos and souvenirs replace credit cards.
91) 52) dialog: Knowing you can’t get away with your shit forever. Sooner or later it‘ll catch up with you. The last page turns. ECU a SILVER POLICEMAN’S BADGE Lee's jaw falls slack, her breath quick with adrenaline. looks to his car. Panic turns to fury.
116) 24) dialog: Love conquers all... Every cloud has a Sliver lining... Faith can move mountains... Love will always find a way... Everything happens for 4 reason... Where there is life, there is hope... (laughs) + Awww well, they gotta tell you something. MUSIC FADES UP as the lyrics return. ‘s smile fades into sorrow. She lays alone, waiting to