50) 2) dialog: Ma‘am.. I'm afraid I’m going to have to ask you to come with me. (CONTINUED )
50) 6) dialog: We've had some complaints. He grabs her arm and pulls her toward the backseat. She j her bag awkwardly as if trying to ditch it but is lowered into the car with it - and the GUN.
51) 0) text: Lee is dying. . LEE . What‘d they complain? Cause I just got up? I had a day off. I just came out. CoP A day off? Lee is confused and stammers. tf He laughs. The car turns into an underground parking g
51) 1) dialog: What’s a day off for a whore? You go to church or something? Their eyes are locked. Her mind racing. They slow to a st He cuts the engine and turns with a grin. COP (CONT’D) You don’t remember me?
51) 3) dialog: Busted you not 8 months ago for tricking on 95. (she remembers} Went real easy on you? So it seems to me you might owe me one. Lee exhales. Then her memory returns and she sneers.
51) 7) dialog: Please, did you do time? Come on. He nods to the front seat. Lee sneers, tucks her bag away tries to open the door.
51) 8) dialog: Climb over. :
52) 0) text: The sun beats down on the sidewalk throwing the descendin entrance ‘into pitch darkness. HOLD for a long BEAT befor slowly a figure steps into the light. LEE walks out tired and defeated. She passes a trash can throws the newspaper. Suddenly she doubles back and looks inside. Reaches inside she pulls it back out. Her expression, first anxious, slowly calms. ECU of the front page crime beat section: "the body of a 51 year old male.. RICHARD MALLORY.. police have no leads.. drug- related robbery.” CHIRP CHIRP... The cop car rolls by. The cop nods with a cruel smile. Le grins and waves as if they were good friends. The cop’s s fades. Lee looks cold as ice as he drives away.
54) 0) text: Cars whip down the narrow southern highway. Lee's face is made-up. She drags on a cigarette, intensel watching the cars approach. Not quite as fine as she had boasted, but coping. She takes a deep breath and raises h hand into the night. Cars whip past and disappear into the darkness.
114) 0) text: He pushes through the mass at the door to see... ( see being lowered into a cop car. (CONTINUED )