4) 0) text: The front hall is full of workmen, including the energeti SIGNOR MAZZINI, who is busy directing traffic, as various the DICKENS CHILDREN run in and out of the chaos.
6) 0) text: Forster stands by an overturned tea trolley. Crockery everywhere. He gestures apologetically at the two publish CHAPMAN (rather portly and florid ) and HALL (tall and angular).
6) 8) dialog: The Excitement with which a Popular Reputation is Kept up to the Highest Selling Mark will always be Subject to Lulls too Capricious for Explanation. 7 The Man Who Invented Christmas Yellow Revisions January 8
6) 11) dialog: Barnaby Rudge— a Fine Book— an Important Subject— But— alas—
6) 13) dialog: Perhaps— a Little Too Candid for our American Cousins—
6) 17) dialog: You May Remember that when Mr. Dickens Approached us about the Tour to America, we were Pleased to Provide Him with an Interest-Free Loan — He falters. Chapman continues.
6) 22) dialog: - very Popular with the Reading Public —
6) 24) dialog: — and a lot of Money to be Made in-
6) 30) dialog: You have a New Book in mind?
6) 34) dialog: That is to say, If we Like it--
6) 40) dialog: And then... It's Most Awkward... “He” was in last week. In some Difficulty. Again.
6) 44) dialog: He’s been Offering Mr. Dickens’ Autographs for Sale in the Newspapers.
19) 9) dialog: Well, Christmas: Not what it Used to Be, what? He chortles at his own joke.
19) 11) dialog: Indeed! Ha, ha. More or less an Excuse for Picking a Man's Pocket every Twenty-fifth of December! Dickens stares at them. Hall shifts uncomfortably. An awk silence.
19) 13) dialog: Indeed.
49) 0) text: Dickens sits at his desk. He looks at the clock. It’s the middle of the night. He once again goes through his ritua straightening everything on his desk. He tidies his manuscript, picks up his pen, dips it in in then stares at the paper. There is a racket in the hallway outside the door.
67) 0) text: Forster and Dickens run through the halls, past the noisy press room, past the bookbinding room, to the Composing r A cranky, ink-stained compositor (MR. GRUB) is just setti up when the two men arrive, out of breath, with the manuscript. The Man Who Invented Christmas Yellow Revisions January