12) 2) dialog: I am the necromancer, Rhia Rhama Rhoos, educated cabalistically in the Orange Groves of Salamanca. Behold! He CLAPS his hands, theatrically. YOUNG CHARLES (AGE 10) and his six brothers and sisters a settled in front of a sheet hanging from the clothes hors The Man Who Invented Christmas Yellow Revisions January 18 19 19 Behind them we can see a table set for Christmas dinner w holly and mistletoe. Mr. Dickens slips a painted slide into the magic lantern an image appears on the sheet: an angel, hovering above a group of shepherds.
12) 7) dialog: Here. Now. I’1l show you how to get rid of bad spirits. Ready? They CLAP their hands together. The light on the magic lantern goes out, and the Ghost disappears.
21) 0) text: Through the steam from the engines, a NATTILY-DRESSED MAN helps his WIFE down from the train. We can’t quite make o his features at first. Then he turns and we see that it i MR. DICKENS SR., older than before but still as ebullient
21) 1) dialog: Nothing like the air of the metropolis to put colour in your cheeks, eh mother? Mrs. Dickens inhales deeply. INT. HADDOCK’S OFFICE - DAY 29 Forster and Dickens, in his new clothes, perch on uncomfortable chairs in the office of his solicitor. Dickens’s eyes dart around the room: at the PAPERS staine with coffee, GLASSES WITH MOLD halfway up the side. A SAF wound round and about with heavy chains. The door flies open and THOMAS HADDOCK, appears, in a fad coat over a threadbare waistcoat.
22) 0) text: Mr. Dickens Senior is showing a PAWNBROKER a book as his looks on.
22) 1) dialog: Best quality, sir. Al condition.... and look — He opens the cover.
22) 2) dialog: Inscribed by the author. The pawnbroker peers at the handwritten inscription.
22) 5) dialog: Perhaps we might strike a bargain?
27) 3) dialog: Come on now, Grip. Back in your cage, old chap.
27) 5) dialog: Charles! Good day!
27) 7) dialog: I was in the neighbourhood. Thought I'd drop by with a present for the children.
28) 2) dialog: My dear Charles. I will not disguise from you, that this is not the ardor with which a loving father might be expected—
28) 4) dialog: Ha, banishment! Be merciful, say ‘death;' For exile hath more terror in his look—'
28) 6) dialog: And you know how very grateful I am. As for me, I’m happy wherever the weather. But your Mother— is of a more delicate sensibility. The sight of cows causes her actual physical pain.
28) 8) dialog: And then you see, I need to do some research in the London Library. Dickens is skeptical of this.
28) 10) dialog: I have a commission from the Spectator. To write a feature on the Bank Charter Act. The editor was greatly impressed by my series on Marine Insurance. Kate and Mrs. Dickens appear in the doorway.
28) 14) dialog: Thank you my boy... (dropping his voice) Er. You couldn’t perhaps lend me a tenner? The fellow took my last farthing for the cage. Suddenly there is an ominous CRASH in the hallway. They r to see Grip, perched on the new chandelier, causing bits pieces to fall to the floor.
28) 15) dialog: I’ll see that’s all cleaned up. The children surround Mr. Dickens, delighted, as Dickens holds his tongue and heads back upstairs.
29) 14) dialog: Charles? Scrooge disappears. Mr. Dickens pokes his head in, smilin
29) 15) dialog: Hard at work? Dickens grits his teeth.
29) 17) dialog: I wondered if we might have an extra candlestick for our room?
29) 19) dialog: Oooo. Are those cigars? Mr. Dickens advances into the room.
29) 20) dialog: I must confess, I have acquired an irrepressible habit of smoking whilst I write. Shameful, I know. The Man Who Invented Christmas Yellow Revisions January 43 He pockets the box.
29) 21) dialog: Well. I won’t detain you. He tiptoes out. Dickens picks up the doorknocker from the front door, now sat on his desk, and raps on it a few tim angrily. Scrooge immediately reappears, a look of alarm o his face.
30) 0) text: The children crowd around the Christmas table. Mr. Dicken the head, in a richly patterned waistcoat. A cheer goes up as Mrs. Dickens, sets a large turkey down the table. Mr. Dickens holds up his hands for silence. He intones.
30) 1) dialog: Hail to thee blithe turkey. Whose exquisite odours now perfume the circumambient air. So let this day be fragrant with the love we bear each other. And may God bless us everyone. He winks at YOUNG CHARLES, who stares up at him with adoration.
30) 4) dialog: That is my name.
30) 6) dialog: What is the meaning of this termagant breach of our Yuletide feast?
30) 8) dialog: What is the matter?
30) 11) dialog: Gentlemen! Please! This is all a misunderstanding. A circumstance of great moment to me is to be decided in the ensuing term — Young Charles bursts into tears.
37) 24) dialog: Abaft, you scurvy pirates! January 8, 2016 53 Dickens and Fanny crack open the door. Mr. Dickens, has j arrived home, Young Henry at his side. The children are crowded around him, rummaging in his pockets for gifts as shouts, uproariously.
40) 1) dialog: Don’t cry, Charlie. We’ll be back for you before you know it.
40) 3) dialog: You're a big boy now, Charlie. You need to help out. You’ll see. (MORE )
40) 5) dialog: It will be an adventure. You’1ll hardly think of us at all. Behind him, the bailiff climbs on board the van.
40) 7) dialog: Now, sir, enough of that. Stand up tall. Blood of iron, heart of ice. The van starts to move off. Young Charles lets go of his father’s hands.
40) 8) dialog: (shouting back) Remember: you are the son of John Dickens. A Gentleman. You be sure and tell them that! The van disappears around the corner. The boy turns and l with dread at the old, tumbledown building, beneath the s WARRENS BLACKING: “The Pride of Mankind”. A door opens spilling some light.
42) 0) text: The family are at the dinner table waiting to eat. Mr. Dickens entertains the children, making them giggle.
42) 1) dialog: Papa... potatoes... poultry... and prunes... are all very good words for the lips. At the other end of the table, Mrs. Dickens reminisces fo Kate’s benefit. The Man Who Invented Christmas Yellow Revisions January
42) 5) dialog: First rate capon, Mrs. Fisk.
42) 15) dialog: Eh? What? Oh, yes. Persian crimson. It is a little more expensive, but I've always said, people will believe anything if you’re properly dressed. Beat.
42) 19) dialog: That's the spirit my boy. Procrastination is the thief of time, eh Charles. Collar him! Dickens looks at him, but decides not to say anything.
42) 21) dialog: We must never disturb the poet when the divine frenzy is upon him. I myself have suffered the same delirium. Often to the detriment of my health, as you know, my love.
49) 1) dialog: 'Tis now the very witching time of night,
49) 3) dialog: When churchyards yawn and hell itself breathes out— Scrooge appears.
49) 5) dialog: Now could I drink hot blood! Dickens grips his hair in frustration.
49) 8) dialog: “Oh, heart lose not thy nature; let not ever the soul of Nero-- Mr. Dickens sees Charles and attempts to regain his postu The Man Who Invented Christmas Yellow Revisions January
49) 10) dialog: Oh. Good evening, Charles. The Man Who Invented Christmas Yellow Revisions January Mrs. 74 Dickens is a little afraid of her son.
49) 13) dialog: Article?
49) 15) dialog: Oh, that. As it happens, the editor was not able to— that is to say— due to pecuniary involvements of a complicated nature— he found it necessary to— to cancel the commission.
49) 17) dialog: However, I rejoice to say that I have every hope of something turning up — Dickens sees Scrooge hovering behind him, scowling. Beat.
49) 19) dialog: Indeed.
49) 21) dialog: Of course, dear boy. We shall catch the afternoon train tomorrow. The Man Who Invented Christmas Yellow Revisions January 75 He stumbles and nearly falls, but is caught by Tara.
49) 22) dialog: (with dignity) Thank you, my dear. Here-- He fumbles in his pocket for a coin.
49) 23) dialog: Let me give you something for your trouble.
49) 25) dialog: You're very kind. They move away.
49) 26) dialog: (to Tara) No-one is useless in this world who lightens the burden of another. Remember that, Tara.
49) 31) dialog: Ride on! Ride on over all obstacles and win the race! Dickens turns back to his study. Scrooge is smug.
53) 2) dialog: Hello, Charlie. His father.
53) 4) dialog: I - I had some business to attend to, so I thought I’d—
53) 8) dialog: It's no good to you, is it?
53) 11) dialog: Oh, reason not the need! His voice rises.
53) 12) dialog: You see me here, you gods, a poor old man—
53) 14) dialog: You don't know what it's like, Charlie. To be poor. To be nothing. Dickens fury is incandescent—
53) 17) dialog: Dear boy. Don’t— I beg you.
66) 8) dialog: What have I done?
66) 10) dialog: I don’t understand— Dickens laughs, a touch maniacally.
66) 13) dialog: There you see, my dear? I told you something would turn up.
69) 0) text: Through the parlour windows we see the first Christmas snowfall. The gleaming new chandelier takes pride of plac next to a Christmas tree as a splendid party is underway. Fanny, Henry Sr. and Junior are there, watching as Mr. Dickens, dressed as a conjuror, does some magic tricks fo Tara and the children. Mrs. Dickens chatters away to an uncomprehending Signor Mazzini. Mrs. Fisk has been into t punch.