30) 0) text: The children crowd around the Christmas table. Mr. Dicken the head, in a richly patterned waistcoat. A cheer goes up as Mrs. Dickens, sets a large turkey down the table. Mr. Dickens holds up his hands for silence. He intones.
42) 3) dialog: And oh, the parties.... We used to keep such hours! Balls, dinners— champagne— Mr. Dickens ties his napkin around his head, winks at the children. The children giggle. The Man Who Invented Christmas Yellow Revisions January 60
42) 7) dialog: .-.-and the chairs had turned legs with green chintz squabs to match the curtains. At that moment, Dickens appears in the doorway.
42) 9) dialog: I was only telling Kate about the dining room set we used to have. Rosewood. In the most approved taste.
42) 11) dialog: Charles. You are a satirical monster. Kate is bewildered.
49) 2) dialog: Shhh, dear. Mr. and Mrs. Dickens are in the hallway outside the door.
49) 7) dialog: That's right dear. Just a few more steps.
49) 11) dialog: We'll get him straight into bed, Charles, dear. We were up the river to Kew and I think perhaps it was too long a day.
49) 28) dialog: Don't be hard on him, Charlie. You don’t know what he’s been through.
49) 30) dialog: He feels it all, you know. He would never tell you, but he feels it all.
66) 5) dialog: Please, dear. Don’t make a scene. We're going away.
66) 12) dialog: Oh, the pudding. The secret is to warm the treacle first. Mr. Dickens turns to his wife.
66) 14) dialog: (through tears) You did, you did. Dickens laughs again, joyfully. He embraces them warmly. The Constable has finally caught up with them. His eyes w in astonishment.
69) 0) text: Through the parlour windows we see the first Christmas snowfall. The gleaming new chandelier takes pride of plac next to a Christmas tree as a splendid party is underway. Fanny, Henry Sr. and Junior are there, watching as Mr. Dickens, dressed as a conjuror, does some magic tricks fo Tara and the children. Mrs. Dickens chatters away to an uncomprehending Signor Mazzini. Mrs. Fisk has been into t punch.