10) 0) text: Dickens descends the stairs to the nursery. A young nursemaid, TARA is telling a bedtime story to the childre a soft Irish lilt.
10) 1) dialog: .-. And on Christmas Eve, they say, the fairy mounds open wide, and the fire spirits pour into the night... and then the Lord of the Dead leads all of the spirits in a Wild Hunt. And he calls to them... She throws back her head.
10) 2) dialog: Ul-ul-alul-alu! The Man Who Invented Christmas Yellow Revisions January 16 16 CHARLIE age 10, Dickens’s oldest son, shivers with excite and dread. Dickens lingers a moment, mesmerized.
14) 11) dialog: Cor! Dickens turns his attention to Tara.
14) 13) dialog: Yes, sir. Dickens notes the look of adoration on Charley's face. Dickens I see you’ve made a conquest. Tara ruffles Charley's hair. Dickens (CONT’D) What were you telling the children last night? About the fairies? Tara glances at Mrs. Fisk, nervously.
14) 14) dialog: Only a story my gran used to tell us, sir. Back home in Ireland. She used to say that on Christmas Eve the veil between this world and the next thins out. And that’s when the spirits cross over, and walk among us. Dickens reflects on this.
23) 0) text: Outside the study, a trio of servants and Tara are giggli as they listen to the master making strange noises.
26) 0) text: Tara enters. Dickens is nowhere to be seen. She tiptoes o to the fire. Suddenly, she hears—
26) 3) dialog: I've just come to see to the fire, sir.
26) 5) dialog: I beg your pardon, sir. It won't happen again. Tara turns to go.
26) 8) dialog: Oh, yes, sir. Thrilling. He smiles.
26) 10) dialog: My mum taught me. But then she died. So, I had to go to the Grubber. Dickens recoils.
26) 12) dialog: You won’t tell Mrs. Fisk, will you? She'd think I was shirking.
26) 15) dialog: Oh. My. The Man Who Invented Christmas Yellow Revisions January 36
26) 17) dialog: Thank you, sir. She hesitates.
26) 18) dialog: Who is Scrimple?
26) 20) dialog: When I came in... You was saying—
37) 8) dialog: Excuse me, sir. The children’s tea is ready in the dining room.
39) 0) text: Dickens and Scrooge stare at a ghostly figure (looking a deal like Tara), dressed in white, wearing a wreath on he head. She stands by the window where the muslin curtains float eerily around her in the wind.
43) 4) dialog: It’s Tara, sir. With your dinner. Dickens throws open the door.
43) 7) dialog: Oh, I don’t think Mrs. Fisk—
45) 0) text: Dickens is reading to Tara from the manuscript. She smile lost in her imagination.
45) 2) dialog: The second ghost! The lights in the room slowly brighten, revealing the GHO OF CHRISTMAS PRESENT (bearing a strong resemblance to For in a beard), seated high up on a throne, amidst a cornuco of apples and oranges and pears, chestnuts, mistletoe and holly. Around him in a circle, various other CHARACTERS f the book, stare up in rapt attention. The Man Who Invented Christmas Yellow Revisions January 63 The Ghost laughs as he sees Scrooge approach, shielding h eyes from the bright light.
45) 34) dialog: How do you do that, sir?
45) 36) dialog: Make a world, come alive.... I could almost see and hear them people. She drifts out the door.
45) 37) dialog: Especially that Tiny Tim. The poor mite Dickens pleased his writing has affected someone so much, turns to see Scrooge, jolting him out of his reverie.
47) 5) dialog: Oh no! The characters freeze. Scrooge shoots a look over his shoulder, TO REVEAL THE SCENE IS TAKING PLACE IN DICKENS
47) 8) dialog: Is Tiny Tim dead?
47) 13) dialog: Then Scrooge must save him. Scrooge is taken aback.
47) 16) dialog: Why?
47) 18) dialog: He can change. There’s good in him somewhere, I know it. Scrooge rolls his eyes.
47) 21) dialog: Of course he can. He’s not a monster.
47) 24) dialog: He wouldn’t let Tiny Tim die, Mr. Dickens. He has a heart, doesn’t he? It would be too wicked. Even for him. Dickens stares at them a moment, now plagued with doubt.
49) 24) dialog: That's all right, sir.
49) 27) dialog: I will, sir. Mrs. Dickens gives Dickens a reproachful look.
55) 13) dialog: Pardon me, sir. Mrs. Dickens sent me —
57) 0) text: Dickens wakes with a start and looks around. The room is disaster. Papers everywhere. Ink staining the wall. His glance falls on the Penny Dreadful that Tara left beh with its lurid cover of Varney the Vampire. He stares at moment.
64) 0) text: Tara is laughing and playing with the children.
64) 2) dialog: It were Mr. Dickens sir. He heard you were looking for me. Dickens looks at Kate.
64) 4) dialog: Thank you for the loan.
64) 6) dialog: Oh, yes, sir. It was fizzing. This delights Dickens. The Man Who Invented Christmas Yellow Revisions January 97
64) 10) dialog: Of course. And doesn’t he help Scrooge get better, too?
69) 0) text: Through the parlour windows we see the first Christmas snowfall. The gleaming new chandelier takes pride of plac next to a Christmas tree as a splendid party is underway. Fanny, Henry Sr. and Junior are there, watching as Mr. Dickens, dressed as a conjuror, does some magic tricks fo Tara and the children. Mrs. Dickens chatters away to an uncomprehending Signor Mazzini. Mrs. Fisk has been into t punch.