8) 0) text: A cozy dining room, typical of a Victorian men’s club. Be the bar, a group of SMART YOUNG MEN are gathered, gossipi and making quips. At the centre of the group is a tall fe with a braying laugh (WILLIAM MAKEPEACE THACKERAY). Dickens stands by the cloak room, holding a newspaper in front of his face.
8) 17) dialog: Celebrating? 12 balance. The Man Who Invented Christmas Yellow Revisions January 13 Thackeray has somehow materialized at their table, an evi glint in his eyes.
8) 19) dialog: Tolerable I thank ye. Charles. I must say, I’m relieved to see you out and about.
8) 21) dialog: You know. After those vile things they wrote about Chuzzlewit. I won't even call them reviews.
8) 23) dialog: Quite right. Scandalous, what one is allowed to print nowadays. Dickens grits his teeth.
8) 25) dialog: “Dull, vapid, and vulgar... Not a single character capable of exciting the reader's sympathy.” (beat) I certainly didn’t think it was vulgar. Dickens gives him a tight smile. THACKERAY (CONT’D) Oh, look! There’s Macready. Poor thing. His Macbeth was absolutely shredded in The Times. I must go and give him my condolences. Thackeray wafts away to rejoin the group at the bar.
51) 22) dialog: Hullo, chaps. appears at the table.
51) 24) dialog: Charles! Haven’t seen anything of yours in print for ages. Don’t tell me you have a blockage!
51) 26) dialog: What the deuce is that?
51) 28) dialog: A story about—? Ha ha! How amusing... Well. (MORE)
51) 30) dialog: Best of luck with it! Oh! Did you hear? My last book has come out in a Railway edition. Sold ten thousand copies. In one week! “There’s gold in them thar hills” as your American friends would say. He wafts away. Dickens and Forster exchange looks.
68) 3) dialog: Hello, gents. Extraordinary weather, isn’t it? Looks like snow. The Man Who Invented Christmas Yellow Revisions January 98 102 Dickens Thackeray. Thackeray holds up a galley copy of the Christmas Carol.
68) 4) dialog: What’s this I have? Why, it’s your new book. I’m going to review it for this evening’s Spectator. I’m told you wrote it in only six weeks, Charles? What a prodigy you are! Thackeray throws himself into a nearby armchair, opening book with a flourish. Dickens and Forster exchange looks.