23) 0) text: He opens the door to the car. The chaos in front of him i shocking. Two men struggling to kill each other, the Guardian Angel seems to be getting the upper hand. INT. TRAIN DRIVER'S CAB - NIGHT -— CONTINUOUS 36 The Driver, leaving the door open, calmly goes back into his cab. He reaches into a compartment and pulls out a small Glock automatic.
24) 0) text: The Driver, straight faced, quickly walks up to the two men. Both men are on their knees. The Guardian Angel closest to him. Mahogany sees his hammer, then he sees the driver walking toward them with a gun. Mahogany reaches for the hammer, just as-- 38 30. The Driver raises the Glock to the back of the Guardian Angel’s head. POP! The flash of the gun fills the car. The train races on. The Guardian Angel drops to the ground. His legs twitchin against the steel floor. Mahogany clutches his arm. He checks the wound. Blood spurts onto the floor. He looks up to the driver.
24) 1) dialog: Clean up the mess. Get yourself patched up, you're not going to make it. INT. OTTO’S RESTAURANT -- NIGHT 38 Maya locks the front door of the diner and turns off some of the overhead lights. As she walks past the counter, something catches her eye. A small black box. A jewelry box. She stops, and reaches out for the small item, just A MAN GRABS HER FROM BEHIND. MAYA YELPS OUT IN FEAR. She spins around swinging, the assailant is - LEON. He laughs wildly.
70) 0) text: Leon and Maya look into the darkness, too dark to see. Behind them, there is the noise of another door. 79. The Driver enters the car from the rear. He looks at Leon then he surveys the chaos in the train. He’s obviously unfazed by the bloodshed. He sees that Mahogany is gone.
70) 1) dialog: He didn’t have what it takes anymore. But he gave them everything he could. He knew it must be done. It was a privilege. (sincerely) I envy you. Leon reacts, rage contorting his face.
70) 2) dialog: Before you were born. Before anyone living was born. Before the city was thought of. That’s how long or longer. And you have found them. As only a few before you. The small circle. We keep the secret, and we preserve them.
70) 4) dialog: A servant.
70) 6) dialog: A killer? No, I keep the worlds separate. You’ll understand. They're coming now.
70) 8) dialog: The Fathers. They’re coming. The builders and rulers of the city. The Driver just stares at Leon, calmly looking at Mahogan Then the Driver clicks off the lights of the car.
70) 9) dialog: Don't stand by the meat. 112 113 80. Then--
72) 0) text: Leon pulls Maya out of the car, and they both drop down outside. They can make out a line of the shapes approaching, like a dark wave. The things board the car and ignore them. They watch as the corpses in the car begin to bobble obscenely - being readied for their destination. With numerous uneven thuds, the corpses drop down, and Le and Maya hear them being dragged across the dark subway car. Then a shuffling noise can be heard outside the car, this time its the sound of the bodies being pulled along. The shuffling recedes in quiet waves, and finally all is silent. Leon looks on the car for the Driver. He’s gone. The train is plunged in darkness - there’s no sign of him anywhere. Maya cringes and grabs hold of Leon’s hand. He reaches down and sees a pile of human bones. There are skulls and remains all around. The leavings of several centuries of feeding. Leon kneels down and surveys the chaos of bones, dry skul and still-fleshy heads of those who surrendered here. Som are so life-like it seems they might speak of the horror. Leon approaches a pile of skulls which seem to form a circle. Suddenly, one skull comes to life. It’s a still-living head, and it moves out from the circle of skulls and dead men. 114 81. It’s Mahogany. The top of his head is shorn off. His eyes are bloodshot and furious. Leon steps back startled, but it’s not an hallucination.
73) 13) dialog: And now to serve in silence. The “Fathers” step back from the Driver and Leon. The Driver pulls Leon’s mouth open and forces his hand in Leon’s mouth and rips out Leon’s tongue. Blood cascades from Leon’s mouth. 85. The Driver holds Leon’s tongue up, presenting it to Leon. Then he throws it into the mass of “Fathers”. The dark mass absorbs it. Slowly, Leon’s breathing recovers and becomes less labore more controlled. The breathing then becomes measured, even. It almost becomes normal breathing, with a slight trembling. Somehow rising to his feet, Leon moves his head toward th still hovering Maya, and the Driver lets him close the distance to her. Her face is almost frozen now, but Leon continues to move closer. Now he is face to face with her, and he moves his bloody lips to kiss her. She remains fixed like a statue as he begins a blood kiss, pressing his lips hard on hers. Suddenly Maya seems to come alive, with blood from Leon's mouth running. Maya's body arches back, her chest cavity opening up further, almost like wings. She gives Leon a skeletal embrace which he receives in winder, his eyes becoming fixed, cold, icy. INT. MAHOGANY’S APARTMENT - BATHROOM -- DAY 115 A shrill metallic screech. Bad plumbing. A hand turns a faucet off, old water pipes, a moldy bathroom. The hand reaches up to straighten a tie. A modest brown suit. Clean. We see shoulders. It’s fit perfectly. A suit identical to the neatly-pressed one worn by Mahogany. Now we see cuff links, neat like Mahogany’s cuf links. And, on the wrist, a twisted silver bracelet with moon. INT. MAHOGANY’S APARTMENT - MAIN ROOM - DAY - CONTINUOUS We’ve seen this room before. It’s the main room of Mahogany’s apartment. There is someone in the chair. It’s Detective Hodge. She is watching a news report on th small television.