22) 0) text: The passengers have thinned. Mahogany sits in the back, quietly observing the last few riders as they depart. A GUARDIAN ANGEL comes through from a rear car. He cocks finger and fires at Mahogany, who smiles back. The Guardian Angel walks to the front, watching as statio whiz by outside. He looks confused. The train is not slowing down. He leans down, looking out the window.
22) 1) dialog: Why didn’t it stop - The Guardian Angel turns around. Mahogany is there holdin his stainless steel hammer. The hammer comes down. WHACK! The Guardian Angel hits the floor. Mahogany looms over the Guardian Angel, ready to finish t kill. Suddenly, pain rips through his guts. He drops the hammer, coughing blood onto the floor. 34 35 36 37 29. CLOSE as the Guardian Angel's eyes pop open - red with exploded blood vessels, burning with rage. He leaps to hi feet, howling like a wounded animal, reaching for somethi in his sock. A curved hunting knife. Mahogany regains control and side steps at the last secon The knife slices into his arm. Mahogany bellows, grabbing the Guardian Angel's wrist, snapping his arm backwards. CRACK! The bone shatters. The Guardian Angel screams and drops his knife. The train rounds a corner and speeds up. The two men smash against the seats, trying to find enoug balance to kill the other. INT. TRAIN DRIVER'S CAB - NIGHT -— CONTINUOUS 34 From the front cab, the DRIVER of the train can hear the sounds of a struggle coming from the car behind him. He slows the train a bit. And gets up from his seat. A thin man wearing a Transit Authority uniform, the Driver has a craggy and nicked face with the pallor of a man who spend little time in the sun. He’s skinny but looks muscular.
23) 0) text: He opens the door to the car. The chaos in front of him i shocking. Two men struggling to kill each other, the Guardian Angel seems to be getting the upper hand. INT. TRAIN DRIVER'S CAB - NIGHT -— CONTINUOUS 36 The Driver, leaving the door open, calmly goes back into his cab. He reaches into a compartment and pulls out a small Glock automatic.
24) 0) text: The Driver, straight faced, quickly walks up to the two men. Both men are on their knees. The Guardian Angel closest to him. Mahogany sees his hammer, then he sees the driver walking toward them with a gun. Mahogany reaches for the hammer, just as-- 38 30. The Driver raises the Glock to the back of the Guardian Angel’s head. POP! The flash of the gun fills the car. The train races on. The Guardian Angel drops to the ground. His legs twitchin against the steel floor. Mahogany clutches his arm. He checks the wound. Blood spurts onto the floor. He looks up to the driver.
25) 0) text: A small dark red hole. So dark it’s almost black. It's dried blood, congealed around a small bullet hole. We pull back to see the head of the Guardian Angel. He’s hanging upside down. His face is a pale mask, the bullet hole the only dark spot in his waxy forehead. Beneath his head, his shirt is neatly folded on his shoes We move up and see the rest of his body without skin. His skin has been neatly peeled off, exposing muscle and bone Except for one place. A thin vertical strip of skin remains, just an inch sliver of pale pink left on his suspended body. Two large hands in plastic gloves enter the frame. They hold a scalpel. In one precise move, the strip of flesh i peeled away, neatly. The body now resembles an anatomical model. We track down to the ground by his head. There is another head hanging upsidedown next to him. The difference -- The second head has two wide-open eyes filled with horror A gag in place in the victim’s mouth, no scream can be heard, but the head belongs to a MAN WHO IS STILL ALIVE. Trembling. Beneath the man, a shirt folded on a pair of shoes. We track along the floor. A second folded shirt. And then a large spray of blood.