2) 29) text: The gallery is a converted warehouse, its interior entran a long ramp with brick walls leading to the main gallery space. Leon and Jurgis enter.
2) 30) dialog: (quietly) Don’t mention Maya. Susan likes her artists available. Leon gives Jurgis a small smirk. He’s not worried about i
3) 1) dialog: Susan, this is Leon Kaufman.
4) 2) dialog: Hey, you got two minutes with Susan Hoff. Know how many people would suck off their uncles for that?
4) 4) dialog: Like the kid who just stepped off the bus. INT. LEON’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 8 Leon sits up in bed. Maya is curled up against him.
15) 14) dialog: She's right. (smiling) Besides, now it’s not about the work, it’s about spin. Leon and Maya exchange glances.
15) 15) dialog: I know this writer who covers the galleries for a bunch of the glossies. He’s an arrogant little dick-head but I’1l convince him you're the new Weegee and he’1l review your exhibition as if it was the second coming. 23 a corner be serious. 24.
15) 17) dialog: Leon, he’s a fucking journalist. What does his opinion matter as long as he spells your name right?
15) 19) dialog: Listen. Susan is mercurial, her friends are fickle. You need to stay ahead of her. We could give her a little scare.
15) 21) dialog: Fine. But a friend of mine at Gagosian asked about you. You don’t have to meet her of course, if you don’t want to.
15) 23) dialog: Plenty, but all the powerful ones are female. And usually quite attractive. He smiles at Maya, shining her on.
34) 0) text: Leon throws himself into the open bed of the truck as it accelerates. Mahogany makes a hard stop at the dock. Mahogany just stands still. Just watching, not moving. INT. LEON’S APARTMENT -- SHOWER - LATER THAT AFTERNOON 51 Leon stands under the shower, the water pounding against his head. Leon scrubs his hands with a brush. The blood a filth is gone but he keeps scrubbing, harder and harder. INT. OTTO’S RESTAURANT - DAY 52 A slab of raw meat hits the griddle. The juices quickly sear against the heat. Maya is busy with a table of patrons. Jurgis is at the counter, Otto’s at the grill. Leon comes in the front door, sits down next to Jurgis.
34) 1) dialog: What happened to you today? No phone call, no interview?
34) 3) dialog: Can I say something to you without you taking it the wrong way? You look like shit. Otto sets down Jurgis’s rare meat patty and a side salad. 39.
34) 5) dialog: You still look like shit. Leon stares down at Jurgis’s plate.
34) 6) dialog: This is what you need. Nourishment. Real nourishment. You want some? Leon hesitates. Jurgis neatly cuts off a quarter of his burger with a kni and fork. Then he offers the piece to Leon.
34) 7) dialog: You don’t have to feel bad about the cow. That cow lived in comfort and died in its sleep. Leon gives Jurgis an “as if” look.
34) 8) dialog: C’mon, cows don’t worry about it. They know they’re not the top of the food chain.
34) 11) dialog: It melts, right? Like butter? Leon nods, his eyes glazed over for a moment. Then he swallows. He’s silent, wheels turning in his head. 53 40.
47) 22) dialog: This is crazy.
47) 26) dialog: Even if he did, how would I tell you from downstairs? 71 56. Point taken.
47) 28) dialog: I’1l check the bedroom. Jurgis makes his way down the hall. Then something in the main room catches Maya’s eye. Something out of places sitting on a desk--- A BLACK VALISE. Maya walks closer to it. The light hits its pitch black sheen in such a way it reflects like a mirror. Maya places her hand on it. She runs her palm across it. It feels like flesh - pulled so tight that it shines like metal.
64) 0) text: Standing on the rear "porch" of the train, his face press to the window, Leon watches Mahogany heft the now hairles body over his shoulder. With his free hand, Mahogany grab the handle of his tool bag and turns toward the next subw car. The car containing Jurgis and Maya. In one of Leon's hands is the meat hook. With the other, reaches for the door handle and turns it. It doesn't budg The door is LOCKED.
66) 0) text: Mahogany lifts a flattened bullet from between the chinks in his chain metal apron. And smiles. Maya raises the gun to shoot again but before she can pul the trigger, Mahogany swings the body he's been lugging over his shoulder around like a human baseball bat, sending Maya flying back into the gauntlet of corpses. He gun hits the floor and disappears beneath the seats. Calmly, Mahogany opens his bag of tools and removes a butchering knife. Maya looks up as Mahogany moves toward her. As he passes Jurgis, Mahogany brings the knife down sharply opening hi waist to neck. Blood spills from Jurgis' torso but Mahoga doesn't so much as break stride as continues toward Maya. Suddenly the door behind Mahogany flies open-
66) 1) dialog: 
67) 0) text: His hammer gone, Mahogany grabs Leon’s neck and starts choking him, struggling to kill him by cutting off his ai Leon kicks Mahogany away with a final burst of strength. The lights in the train flicker on and off. Electricity from the tracks pours up from the hole in the floor. 108 77. Getting back his air, Leon throws himself hard at Mahogan Mahogany, standing on his strong leg, absorbs the blow. H pulls a serrated blade from beneath his chain mail and launches toward Leon. Leon ducks, grabbing Mahogany’s hand. Mahogany rips his hand free and stabs Leon in the arm. He is just grazed, and Leon counters by throw himself at Mahogany. Mahogany loses his balance and falls back. He puts his knife out to anchor himself, and his blade hits a hanging carcass. The carcass groans. It’s Jurgis, the blade embedded in him. Mahogany yanks the knife out and rips half of Jurgis’s chest. A sickened Leon grabs Mahogany and pulls him down on the car floor, close to the open car door. The rock face race past. Leon throws himself on Mahogany’s legs, pushing him further. Mahogany swings out inches from the rock wall. The wall is inches from Mahogany’s skull. He struggles to hang on.