2) 0) text: IN SLOW MOTION, a young man walks down a sidewalk, and, a he walks, he lifts a camera. He stops and turns toward us He aims directly at the camera and shoots. LEON KAUFMAN, late 20's, hair unruly, face unshaven, eyes piercing, dar We leave slow motion: Leon shoikots more shots of the street. INT. LEON’S APARTMENT - DAY Mounted on a wall, a series of black and white stills: -- Busy street, cab stopped at a curb. MAN IN A SUIT, han out like a tackler, steals a cab by shoving another man. -- A HOMELESS campfire under an underpass. A disheveled homeless man comes at us with a bottle in hand. +e HF
2) 1) text: -- A POLICE CAR pulled over by a sidewalk, TWO COPS * leaning over a guy in a leather jacket, hands behind him. -- A shot of a breathtaking GIRL, 20's, dark hair, hands hips, smiling sexily in a park, looking at us. * We pull back to reveal -- * The same girl, MAYA JONES, is reading a textbook at a kitchen table. She’s sexy in old pajamas and is wearing reading glasses. Smart as she is sexy, street smart, not just book smart. Leaning over the shot is LEON KAUFMAN. Late 20’s, his hai a mop of unruly curls, face unshaven, eyes piercing and dark. He is at the kitchen sink, the counter top filled with darkroom equipment. Leon looks at Maya, then at the photo of her in the park.
2) 2) dialog: The chick in the photo’s hotter. Maya gives him a grin and a finger. He comes over. Maya goes in for a kiss - it’s a combination of passion and familiarity.
2) 3) dialog: Mmm. You taste good. He comes back for a second kiss, and a third.
2) 4) dialog: What are you reading? Maya tilts her head toward the textbook.
2) 6) dialog: Learn anything interesting?
2) 8) dialog: It’s not a good place to drive against traffic, either. Some cabbie from one of those former Soviet republics took a shortcut on a one-way street. Six car pile- up.
2) 10) dialog: Right place, right time.
2) 12) dialog: We made the rent.
2) 14) dialog: That buys me a couple days to work on my own stuff. Leon gets up and goes into the kitchen. He opens the refrigerator. Bottles clatter as he looks for a beer. We get a good look at the apartment. Total disarray, crammed with funky furniture and art pieces. Even a kitchen counter piled with camera equipment and stacks of test prints.
2) 16) dialog: I hate to break it to you, Maya, but history teachers don’t exactly rake it in.
2) 18) dialog: Besides, it’s not just the money.
2) 20) dialog: Is that too much to ask?
2) 21) text: No. I know you'll get there. Might take a few more years. Leon heads over to a cupboard and pulls down a bag of chips.
2) 22) dialog: I don’t know if I’ve got that much patience left.
2) 25) dialog: What? You didn’t. How did you do that?
2) 27) dialog: And you held that back the whole time I stood around feeling sorry for myself? Maya nods, hugely pleased with herself.
2) 28) dialog: You're going to pay for that. Leon charges her with a roar. They fall onto the couch, laughing.
2) 29) text: The gallery is a converted warehouse, its interior entran a long ramp with brick walls leading to the main gallery space. Leon and Jurgis enter.
3) 2) dialog: Pleased to meet you. Susan smiles and shakes Leon's hand. He's nervous.
3) 4) dialog: Thank you.
3) 9) dialog: Exactly.
3) 15) dialog: Dirtier. She looks at Leon, directly in the eyes.
4) 0) text: Leon stands in the entrance hall, still in a daze.
4) 1) dialog: Is that it?
4) 3) dialog: (to himself) “I’m looking for the real heart of the city.” What does that shit sound like?
4) 5) dialog: You know, sometimes I hate this city.
4) 7) dialog: No, it’s not fucking encouraging. Maya smacks his chest.
4) 10) dialog: I thought my stuff was good. Now I don’t know.
4) 12) dialog: I’m not sure.
4) 15) dialog: It’s not failure. I don’t know. Now I’m just not sure what I’m looking for.
4) 18) dialog: It does what it does. tickles Leon until he has to laugh. 10 11 12 10.
5) 0) text: A dimly lit subway car moves through the darkness. No one is on board, and there is no noise except the rumble of t train speeding down the tracks. The walls and all fixture of the car have a brushed metallic sheen, and light from the outside tunnels flashes the metal as the car rushes along. Overhead straps hang from the ceiling, and they move slightly in rhythm with the train. A flash of light reveals more of the straps: They’re not straps but sharp metal hooks, like hooks used to hang sides of beef. The train moves faster, and the hooks dance, slightly clangin Now the light changes again, and the hooks are hand strap just swinging, waving. INT. LEON’S BEDROOM -- NIGHT 10 With a start, Leon opens his eyes. Sees where he is. He carefully untangles himself from Maya, and slides out. Th train images were a nightmare. He shakes it off.
6) 0) text: Leon is on the prowl, camera in hand. He snaps a shot, bu the street is empty. Up ahead: the entrance to the subway
7) 0) text: Leon digs in his bag, looking for camera gear. He pulls out his Leica and sees what’s around. Only a few people. He swings the Leica up and shoots a HOMELESS MAN, plus tw other people walking behind him (MAHOGANY’S back and bag) Then, abruptly, Leon hears a small scream. He rounds the corner and sees a HIP GIRL. She’s surrounde by THREE GANGBANGERS. Two are heavyset and tattooed, one with a short scruffy beard. The LEADER is wiry freak with nervous energy. He’s got a prison-style tear-drop tattoo beneath his eye. 11.
7) 7) dialog: You're giving the cops a good show. The Leader looks up. He glares at Leon.
7) 9) dialog: You okay? The Girl, shaken, looks behind Leon to the way she came.
7) 11) dialog: Thank you very fucking much. She pushes past him, running out the station to the track
8) 0) text: CLOSE ON Leon, on the edge of the platform, shooting. CLICK. He shots the Hip Girl. CLICK. CLICK. CLICK. CLICK. Now we see what Leon has just shot -- POV on the car door: The image freezes as Hip Girl lunges in the car. A few riders inside, a hand holds the door.
12) 0) text: INSIDE THE TRAIN - on a seat: a plastic bag neatly filled with the girls clothes. Close on: the girls lips. Still. Mahogany’s hand removes her lipstick with solvent. A loud sound of metal as the train makes a change of trac Mahogany looks up, then goes back to removing the lipstic 18 19 14. INT. LEON’S APARTMENT - KITCHEN -—- DAY 18 Maya sits on the kitchen counter amidst dark room equipment, in her underwear, legs wrapped around a standi Leon. He kisses her neck, she looks to the side, seeing - HER POV: a series of prints spread out on the counter. CLOSE ON: the images of the gangbangers and the Hip Girl. Leon keeps kissing her, but she pulls away, looking at th photos of the Hip Girl and the Gangbangers. She points to the first one, the girl in the photo staring directly at Maya, the photo is chilling.
12) 2) dialog: I took them last night.
12) 4) dialog: You think so? Maya turns to face him. She is very serious.
12) 7) dialog: C’mon, Otto, I’ll pay extra. Just toss it on the grill. Leon takes out a cold, gray tofu square from his deli wra
12) 9) dialog: Because I have respect for my body, Otto. And for the cow.
12) 12) dialog: Alright, alright. I won’t ask again. Leon picks up his paper on the counter as he finishes his meal. He turns a page and sees a small photo in the metro section. A pretty girl, chic but over-done. Like a model.
12) 13) dialog: I think I just saw her. Leon starts reading. 20 16.
12) 14) dialog: She walked home from a club at 2:00 in the morning. Now they can’t find her. A model. She was celebrating a magazine cover. He takes a closer look. Holy shit: Now he remembers.
12) 15) dialog: Maya. Look at this. I saw her the other night. Maya looks over at Leon, not sure what he means. Leon stands trying to remember what happened.
12) 16) dialog: I tried to apologize, but she kept walking. Leon starts gathering his stuff. He leaves the deli wrap with the tofu, still open on Otto’s counter.
12) 18) dialog: To the police. I’1l show them the pictures. Maybe they’1l help.
13) 0) text: Leon sits in a plastic chair. His photos of the Hip Girl are spread on the desk separating him from DETECTIVE LYNN HODGE, (late 40's) African-American. She points to the gangbangers.
13) 2) dialog: I also pointed out that they were being filmed by a surveillance camera.
13) 4) dialog: Yes.
13) 6) dialog: The 14th Street station. Around midnight.
13) 8) dialog: Yes.
13) 10) dialog: I missed the train. He gets uncomfortable.
13) 11) dialog: I thought the photo might help with the timing and all that.
13) 13) dialog: Sounds like you’re all set then.
13) 15) dialog: I lose myself sometimes. 18.
13) 17) dialog: What’s that mean?
13) 19) dialog: Look, I didn’t know her.
13) 21) dialog: What do you mean?
13) 23) dialog: (pissed) No, I shoot everything.
13) 25) dialog: I don’t know.
15) 0) text: 22 Leon sits with Susan Hoff. She flips through a folder of Leon's latest prints and stops on one of the pictures of Loretta Dryer.
15) 2) dialog: (defying her) It is what it is.
15) 4) dialog: I just happened to be there. I shot what I saw.
15) 10) dialog: (lifting his glass) I owe you. Both of you. You believed in this....
15) 12) dialog: Hold on, I’ve got to deliver the show. She wants more work.
15) 16) dialog: Man, that’d be great. But if he’s going to write a good review, I want him to like the work.
15) 18) dialog: (frowning) Jurgis.
15) 20) dialog: Hold it. I don’t want to get ahead of anything.
15) 24) dialog: Did I ever tell you you're evil Jurgis? Jurgis smiles benignly. Maya puts her arm around Leon.
16) 0) text: Four in the morning. No one is out. Leon walks down an old street. Behind him, the Pershing Square subway. Ahead, closed store fronts, rundown residential hotels. He finds a bench and sits down. A shrug. What did he think he’d find at this hour? Even bad guys go to bed. He leans back, like he might doze off. Shuts his eyes. Then, very quietly at first, footsteps echo on a staircas They are coming up from the Pershing Square subway statio Camera up, Leon jumps up from the bench and ducks behind it. He lines up the subway entrance in his viewfinder. LEON’S POV: A large dark shape fills the frame, walking. POV: The camera lifts slightly, and we see an immense hea CLICK. Leon takes a shot. CLICK. He takes another. The man he catches is MAHOGANY. A big man in his 50’s wit a crisp white shirt, dark brown suit, and hair oiled back He holds a leather bag, and, eyes straight ahead, he walk alone along the sidewalk on the other side of the street. Leon is fascinated. He takes a few more shots until Mahogany crosses a street a half block away from Leon. Leon lets him walk another twenty feet before he follows. He keeps close to buildings, but Mahogany doesn’t look behind him. Mahogany moves very fast for a large man. In a few quick strides, Mahogany rounds a corner. Leon breaks into a run, stops at the corner, and then turns.
17) 0) text: No one is on the street. Leon swings to his side and-- SLAMS INTO MAHOGANY. Mahogany’s bag dropping to the groun Leon's busted. He backs off, then stops, disarmed by the big man’s look. Did Mahogany know he had been followed? Mahogany stares right at him, inspecting him -- the cat who’s caught the mouse? Leon holds his camera down. 26 27 26.
17) 1) dialog: Sorry Mister, I just wanted a picture of you. Sometimes I don’t even think about it. Leon notices Mahogany’s wrist, a TWISTED METAL BRACELET against his starched sleeves. A small moon and star. Then Leon’s eyes shift down to the bag on the ground. CLO on the engraved “Mahogany.” The bag is closed. Noting Leon’s look, Mahogany picks his leather bag up. We hear the clang of something metallic and heavy inside. Mahogany hefts the bag, and the clang is more pronounced. Leon looks up, reacting to the gesture, still nervous. He stares at the heavy bag and sees Mahogany’s large hand -- Is that a small spot of red on his wrist? Leon freezes. Leon takes a step back, suddenly afraid. Mahogany cracks a thin smile and shakes his head no. His gaze locked on Leon. A chill runs down Leon's spine. Mahogany turns and continues down the street. He reaches the stone staircase of a residential hotel and goes up. Leon stands there, as if he stepped in front of a bus. INT. LEON’S APARTMENT - DAY - LATER 26 Leon stands at his sink, fingering through a stack of prints. He pulls out all his shots of Loretta Dryer and looks them over. He sees something he hadn’t noticed: In his shot of the Homeless Man, there is a large man in a brown suit, seen from the back, carrying a leather satche Leon squints, then pulls out his last shot of the Hip Gir getting on the train. He sees the big hand holding the door. On the wrist, a thin line. A metal bracelet. Is that a moon, or just a smudge? No, just a smudge. Leon lowers the print, wondering about the connection. EXT. MAHOGANY’S RESIDENTIAL HOTEL - EVENING 27 Mahogany exits the building and walks down the street. Leon peeks out of a doorway. He waits a beat, then follow 28 29 30 31 32 27.
18) 0) text: Leon, half a block behind, watches Mahogany approach a small, nondescript industrial building. He vanishes insid
19) 0) text: Leon sees CONVEYORS and a PACKING FLOOR running full tilt BUTCHERS in blue coveralls weigh and split giant beef carcasses hanging from METAL HOOKS. They slice through th bones and hack away the fat with SAWS and CLEAVERS. It’s a meat packing plant. Leon is amazed. He lifts up his camera to get a shot. CLICK! Intestines fall into a stainless steel cart. CLICK Blood is squeegeed through metal grates. CLICK! A bone sa sends a cloud of white dust in the air. The dust settles. Suddenly, at the rear, Mahogany emerges from a locker roo putting on blue coveralls. Leon jumps back a few feet. Mahogany, butcher’s apron on, reaches for a side of beef the size of a man. Without stopping, he wraps his arms around it in a gesture like a hug and lifts it like a pillow. He easily tosses it five feet onto a cutting rack Leon reacts, intimidated.
20) 0) text: Leon waits by the corner, watching the entrance. Mahogany exits, bag in hand. Leon reacts and follows.
21) 0) text: Mahogany stands back away from a group of riders on the platform. He seems to be watching them, measuring them. 33 28. Now we see Leon. Camera down, he’s even further back. He watches Mahogany, standing at a distance so he isn’t seen Mahogany scans the riders like a hawk. We see his eyes. POV: A well dressed man and a woman. Then a man in an overcoat, distracted, with a paper. An athletic guy. Back to Leon, wondering. On his gaze, the sound of a trai CLOSE ON the doors of a subway car as they open. The athletic guy enters. Mahogany follows right behind. Back to Leon, who steps forward. Suddenly -- -- A hand grabs his shoulder. A big STATION COP.
24) 3) dialog: Your spare key from home. She collects herself. Despite her shaken state - she is happy to see him.
24) 4) dialog: Don’t worry, it’s not an engagement ring. I wouldn’t propose in Otto’s kitchen. She grabs the box. 31.
24) 5) dialog: I can’t afford one of those... not yet. Maya pops open the box. Inside is a PROMISE RING. Two ban - off centered and not quite touching. In the middle is a small flower shaped diamond. Almost resembling a star. She takes the ring from the box and slides it on her finger.
24) 6) dialog: I was iffy on the fitting, but it looks pretty good. Maya kisses Leon.
24) 8) dialog: I want you to know how much you mean to me. How important it is to me that we found each other, especially in a big city like this. I want to share everything with you, every moment that lies ahead. She looks at him deeply and kisses him again with even mo affection.
24) 10) dialog: If Otto knew we were doing this here, he’d probably have a heart attack. He doesn’t have cameras in here does he?
26) 0) text: The train roars through the tunnel. As it flickers by, we catch a glimpse of SIX NAKED BODIES, hanging upside down and then the train is gone. 4l 33. INT. LEON’S APARTMENT - NIGHT 4l CLOSE ON something red which explodes and splashes juice. Leon slices a tomato on a cutting board, drops the slices into a large salad bowl filled with lettuce. Maya enters Leon’s work area on her way to the kitchen. She stops as something catches her eyes. Pictures line the walls. All tacked up neatly. ALL OF MAHOGANY.
26) 2) dialog: No, he’s a butcher. He was at the station when Loretta Dryer vanished. I photographed him.
26) 4) dialog: There’s something disturbing about him. She reacts.
26) 7) dialog: Or they won't.
26) 9) dialog: Yes. We stay on Leon as Maya walks to the cabinet and pulls do dishes from a shelf. We see that his yes means no.
27) 0) text: A dark shape hangs from the ceiling of an otherwise empty subway car. It trembles like a slender cocoon, shaking an writhing. But it is a body with its hands tied up. We've seen this car before: Metal hooks hang from the ceiling. A large man seen only from the back approaches the hangin body, and he holds the body still with one gloved hand. The man now runs his hand over the body, which jerks in response. Suddenly, we see the man’s other hand. Also gloved, it holds a long, glistening blade. The man thrust it in the body. Now we see the victim clearly for the first time -- It’s Leon. His face filled with terror, he reacts in agony to the blow. INT. LEON’S BEDROOM -- NIGHT - CONTINUOUS 43 Leon's eyes are open. He knows it was a nightmare, but he is deeply disturbed. Anxious, he just stares at the ceiling. He looks over at Maya, in bed next to him. Sound asleep.
28) 0) text: Leon sits at an old library cubicle, lit poorly by a soft amber overhead. He runs microfiche on an old-style fiche reader, with images hand-cranked on a white screen. He stops on a newspaper front page, type a bit blurred. The headline is simple: “BUTCHER HELD IN KILLINGS.” CLOSE ON the headline date: December 19, 1895. 45 46 47 35.
30) 0) text: Mahogany crosses the empty street to the packing plant. A moment later, Leon emerges from the shadows. He sneaks around the back of the plant.
31) 0) text: Leon climbs through a window onto a ledge slightly above the packing floor. His camera in his hand, he jumps to th ground. He sneaks forward, hiding behind a column. Now he readies his camera, spying through columns on the Workers opposit His first sight of the full floor stuns him. The production line is running full tilt. A powerful stench rises from the line. Not a rotting stench. Rather, a steam of blood drops. It almost overwhelms Leon, who feels the blood like a mis 36. Leon swings up his camera and looks through the lens: POV: A man in a white coat, clearly the boss, looks acros the floor at his crew, but he doesn’t say a word. Another worker, a butcher, gives the boss a look, but he turns away. Leon slowly pans his camera, snapping photos: blood and guts, bones and hooks, the machines grinding out processe meat. THROUGH LENS: We track across the length of the productio line, seeing the conveyor chains which pull the lines along. Now we tilt down slightly, and a LARGE FACE fills the frame. MAHOGANY stares directly at us, eyes looking into the len Leon reacts. Mahogany has caught him. But maybe not. Mahogany turns away, walking out of frame. Leon follows him with the lens. POV: Mahogany stands at a tool bench and looks for something. He picks up a large knife and examines it. He twists it. Now Mahogany looks directly at us once more. He must see us. Leon jumps back, hyperventilating. Mahogany moves quickly across the floor, carrying the knife he got at the bench. Leon makes a quick break, running back along the inside wall. He backtracks to the window he came through, and he sees Two men in butcher coats blocking his path. Leon hides behind a column, unable to see the floor. He leans around the column. Mahogany stands just ten feet away. Leon moves back behind the column. He checks the window. The two men still block his path to the window. He waits. He leans out again and sees -- Mahogany is walking toward him. Leon sees a side hallway. 48 49 37.
32) 0) text: Leon runs down the corridor, trying all the doors. He finds an open one and slips inside. It is a small meat locker.
33) 0) text: Leon turns around: A few CARCASSES hang from hooks. Condensation rises from the cold, wet floor. The sound of dripping blood echoes against the metal walls. Footsteps in the hallway. Mahogany approaches. Leon looks for an escape, but there is only the one door. Leon pushes into the meat. A sound behind. The door opens. Leon grabs onto a chain and pulls himself a few feet up. Mahogany moves down the side, using the hook to move the beef aside. He crouches to check under the meat. No one there. Leon desperately hangs onto the chain, his arms shaking. Drip, drip, drip. Something hits Leon's forehead. He look up: a piece of meat swings above him. Leon almost drops. Mahogany grunts, pushing through the meat. Leon almost slips on the chain. Mahogany's shoes are closer. Then the shoes walk away. We hear steps, then none. Leon aches to let go of the chain, but he waits. No sound He takes a breath....and drops to the floor. No one there He turns -- -- And Mahogany is standing right before him. A few feet. The two men stare eye to eye for just a second. Then -- Leon bolts, running as fast as he can to the door, slippi once on the floor but lunging ahead. He’s out the door. Leon hits the plant floor -- but Mahogany is right behind 50 51 52 38. Leon sees the overhear production track across the aisle, and he throws himself at the closest hook. He cuts his hand, but the hook jerks him a few feet ahead of Mahogany Leon jumps down and turns. Mahogany has crossed the gap. Leon runs as fast as he can through hanging sides of beef slipping once but not stopping. Mahogany lunges after him Leon reaches the open truck dock at the same time as his pursuer -- but Leon sees an open bed truck pulling out.
34) 0) text: Leon throws himself into the open bed of the truck as it accelerates. Mahogany makes a hard stop at the dock. Mahogany just stands still. Just watching, not moving. INT. LEON’S APARTMENT -- SHOWER - LATER THAT AFTERNOON 51 Leon stands under the shower, the water pounding against his head. Leon scrubs his hands with a brush. The blood a filth is gone but he keeps scrubbing, harder and harder. INT. OTTO’S RESTAURANT - DAY 52 A slab of raw meat hits the griddle. The juices quickly sear against the heat. Maya is busy with a table of patrons. Jurgis is at the counter, Otto’s at the grill. Leon comes in the front door, sits down next to Jurgis.
34) 2) dialog: Sorry Jurgis, I completely flaked.
34) 4) dialog: I’m fine.
34) 9) dialog: How do you know we’re the top of the food chain?
34) 12) dialog: (to Otto) Otto, I’1l take one of my own.
35) 0) text: Maya’s purse still hangs on her shoulder. She stands by the door, uncertain, as Leon reorganizes some photos. He doesn’t notice her.
35) 2) dialog: You’re the second person who’s said that to me today.
35) 6) dialog: I think I know what’s going on. People disappear for all sorts of reasons. But it’s random, right? Maya gives him her sternest look.
35) 7) dialog: In this area, by the subway, it’s not. There’s a cluster. (MORE )
35) 8) text: LEON (cont'd) I checked. I think this guy is doing something. He takes people from the train and does something to them. At the meat plant.
35) 10) dialog: (carefully) He dismembers them. That’s why they aren’t found. Maya gives him a grim look, then she just laughs.
35) 12) dialog: I pulled it from an architectural survey. The place has been here since the nineteenth century.
35) 15) dialog: No, look what I found. The clipping is a copy of a newspaper article, an old one by its typeface.
35) 16) dialog: I went to the TIMES. Their old stuff isn’t online yet. CLOSE ON an old headline and front page article -- 42. April 11, 1896, Meat Company Butcher Cleared of Charges o
35) 19) dialog: That's right, but the same packing plant. A butcher was accused of murder.
35) 21) dialog: No, just that it’s happened before. It’s too weird. It can’t be a coincidence. She can’t believe how stupid this sounds.
35) 23) dialog: That’s not what I mean. Leon points back to the wall of Mahogany shots.
35) 24) dialog: This guy is involved, I know it. I’ve seen him, I’ve looked in his eyes, it’s more than an instinct.
35) 32) dialog: (to Maya) Can I talk to you a minute? I’m sorry about yesterday. stares back at Otto, hoping he’ll give Maya a break. gives an unsympathetic look and heads for the kitchen.
35) 35) dialog: You were right, that’s what I wanted to say. 55 56 45. She gives him a warm kiss, but has to get back to work. S breaks the moment and heads off. Leon drops his shoulders and sits at the counter. He thinks about a cup of coffee. Then he turns to the door.
36) 0) text: Walking through the station, Mahogany stops and turns. Leon ducks into an alcove, trying not to be seen. Mahogany turns back and goes on. Leon waits a beat, then reappears from the alcove. He hurries after Mahogany.
37) 0) text: Leon follows Mahogany between cars, staying back. Late night riders exit the train: Club Kids, Drunks, Cleaning Ladies and Businessmen, Cops. Flowing on and off The train leaves the station. Leon waits patiently in the back car, watching Mahogany through the doors. A VOICE behind Leon startles him.
38) 0) text: The train is now empty except for TWO BOYS making out in the front seat. Mahogany looks up. He walks into the rear car to check if it's clear. There is no one there. ANGLE under the seat: Leon lays on the ground, watching Mahogany's feet. Mahogany leaves, closing the doors. Leon waits, holding his breath. Trying to stay calm. THUD! A scream from the front car, shouting and wailing. 47. A SECOND THUD! And then silence. Leon closes his eyes. An waits. The train is not stopping. It seems to be picking up spee Leon crawls out from under the seat and takes his camera out of his pack. His hands are shaking. He slides up to the window in the connecting door and pee into the front car. Leon drops down, wincing.
38) 1) dialog: Oh, God. Oh, God. He sets the aperture and slowly peeks up again. Through the lens: Mahogany hangs BOY #1 up to the hand straps by his feet. CLICK! Mahogany slits Boy's throat, spilling his blood in a metal pail. CLICK! Their clothes neatly wrapped in plastic bags. CLICK! Mahogany uses pliers to remove toe nails from Boy #2. CLICK! He hangs up Boy #2, pulling off strips of skin. Leon drops back down, his body revolting against his mind Leon pulls out a new canister of film from his pocket. It falls from his hand and rolls across the floor. Footsteps. Mahogany's coming back! Leon scrambles under t seat, pressing himself against the wall. Mahogany's feet walk by. He takes something from a maintenance closet in the back of the car. He returns. LEON'S POV: the film canister sits in the middle of the floor. Mahogany's feet pause momentarily, then move on. Leon closes his eyes until the connecting doors close. After a moment he crawls out from under the seat. PULL BACK to reveal: Mahogany standing on the seat above Leon - the steel mallet over his head! Leon rolls out of the way as the hammer crashes down next to his head. He scrambles to his feet, running to the bac of the car. Mahogany is right behind him. 58 48. MAHOGANY GRABS THE CAMERA AROUND LEON’S NECK. Leon ducks out of the strap, rushing toward the front car. Leon pulls on the connecting doors. They're stuck. Mahoga rushes down the car, grunting. Leon sees the lock and fli the lever. He rips the doors open as Mahogany grabs for him. Leon flies forward onto the floor, landing by Mahogany's tool bag. He grabs the bag swinging it back into Mahogany face. Mahogany stumbles back as the tools hit his chest. Leon jumps up, pushing his way through the swinging corpses. The train lurches. Leon stumbles, falling into one of the bloody corpses. He grabs the raw flesh to keep from falling. The body rips loose and Leon falls to the floor, face to face with the dead boy. Leon shouts, kicking it away. Mahogany is upon him. Leon kicks the bucket of blood at him, spilling it across the floor. Mahogany slips in the blood, falling backwards, hammer flying out of his hand. Leon runs for the driver’s cabin. He bangs on the door.
38) 2) dialog: Stop the train! Please! Help me! Stop the fucking train! No response. Leon moves to the train doors, forcing them open. The jagged rock walls shoot by at incredible speed. Leon steadies himself, prepared to jump to his death. He closes his eyes, lets out a yell, and jumps. A LARGE HAND grabs him at the last second pulling him bac onto the floor of the train. LEON'S POV: up at Mahogany. The hammer comes down. THUD!
39) 0) text: Total silence. The train has stopped. Then- The sound of the doors opening. Leon partially comes to - he’s hanging upside down from h ankles at the edge of the doorway of the subway car near the two BOYS. His feet are bare. His shirt is off. 59 60 49. He sees the outline of Mahogany in the dimness just outsi the open doors. Through Leon’s hallucinatory haze he sees that the car is stopped, but he can see no sign of a platform or station. Blackness engulfs everything. Then-- Leon screams in terror and pain as he is swung violently around by something unseen. Blood flows down into Leon’s eyes - further blurring his vision. He can’t see what’s attacking him. Something is carving away at his chest. Tearing at the skin. Through the train doors, Leon can see Mahogany. It’s not Mahogany who is carving at Leon’s chest. It’s a non-human appendage with what appears to be barnacle-like growths. Mahogany takes a step toward the interior, but he sees Le and turns away. His expression shows nothing. He just vanishes from sight. Leon’s world spins and he passes out again, coughing bloo and straining against the unseen terror.
40) 0) text: The top of a poorly-lit staircase with metal guard rails. Leon pulls himself to the last stair and takes a breath. His face and clothes are filthy, his beard unshaven. Focusing, he looks around. No blood around, just moisture He faces a plated metal door with old double locks. He grips the metal latch beneath the locks and pulls it hard The door swings open on a brightly-illuminated space, the light almost giving Leon a white-out. But he recognizes the noise right away. It’s the clanging of a packing line The door Leon opened leads directly into the meat plant.
41) 0) text: Leon emerges inside the meat plant and stops. Several butchers work on sides of beef. They just ignore him. 61 62 63 50.
42) 0) text: The front door opens. Leon walks in, he stands in the shadow of the hallway. Maya is on the couch, she can’t quite see him yet.
43) 0) text: Leon reaches into the medicine cabinet, he cringes - something stings bad. He unbuttons his shirt and the colo drains from his face as he discovers-—
45) 0) text: Leon ignores her and methodically buttons up his shirt, hiding the injury. He puts a stopper in the sink and fills it with water. He lathers his hands with soap and pats his arm gingerly by large weeping cut. The sink full, he puts his head down into the bowl, getti his face and hair wet. He takes out his head, pushes his hair back. Then dabs his face carefully with the towel. He rifles through the cabinet below the vanity and pauses at some bandages. He ignores them and reaches for a roll of duct tape. He starts to wind the tape around his arm t bind the cut. He continues, winding and winding endlessly...
46) 0) text: Maya is still leaning against the door. Suddenly, Leon opens the door, and Maya has to jump back. She reacts to his appearance. His wet hair is slicked back, his face freshly shaved, he suddenly seems more youthful... but also a bit waxen. Maya takes hold of his arm, but he shakes her hand off.
46) 2) dialog: I need to sleep now. 66 52. He goes into the bedroom, closes the door. Maya breathes deep, and forces open the bedroom door.
47) 0) text: Maya sees Leon examining the gash on his chest. It is still bleeding. Profusely. She reacts in horror, then goes over to him. Closer, she sees the hideous shape on Leon’s chest.
47) 2) dialog: (ignoring her) He butchers them like meat. I saw it with my own eyes. I took pictures.
47) 4) dialog: I followed him into the subway.
47) 6) dialog: Don’t you see. It’s always a late train, maybe the same one each time. He waits for it to empty. No bodies are found because he removes them. Maya is still upset and now even more confused.
47) 8) dialog: There’s an abandoned subway station beneath the meat plant. 53.
47) 10) dialog: I don’t know. But the police will never find anything.
47) 12) dialog: No Maya, the police won’t listen.
47) 14) dialog: My camera’s gone. He took it from me. Leon motions to the hotel across the street.
47) 15) dialog: Without that I have nothing. I have to take care of this myself.
47) 17) dialog: I said no. They’1l think I'ma fucking lunatic. Maya stares at Leon. She doesn’t know how to get through.
47) 20) dialog: I have to sleep. I have to be ready for the opening tonight. Leon walks back to the bedroom. Maya watches him go down the hallway. Leon disappears into the bedroom. She slowly begins to walk towards the room. She gets to the threshold. Stands there.
51) 0) text: Susan escorts Leon through the Gallery. She’s speaking closely to his ear. There is a good crowd, thirty or more people. Clusters of buyers circle around the prints. Susan is charged. She steers Leon into the crowd.
51) 5) dialog: I did that in school. Painting. CLOSE ON LEON’S SHIRT: A hint of blood soaks through from the carving on Leon’s chest.
51) 6) dialog: (to Jack and Andee) Excuse me. Leon turns into a side room and looks at his shirt. Shit. He looks for the restroom. Where Susan is standing. He scans the room. His eye is caught by a RED DOT next to on of his prints. A savage image of murder. He looks around. The gallery walls feature five large format color prints. All show horrific violence, one including a knife blade piercing scarlet muscle. Collectively, they totally stun. Leon steps back. One print alone reveals that the violenc is directed at sides of beef. A butcher is seen: Mahogany Leon approaches the photo. Mahogany stares back with a cold ruthlessness. The large print is overwhelming. Leon is arrested by all the images. His look is intense. Then, abruptly, he puts his hand on his shirt. CLOSE ON LEON’S SHIRT: More blood soaks through the shirt Susan approaches from behind.
51) 12) dialog: (a smile) I’m going to catch a train. With that, Leon bolts for the door. Susan is stunned. INT. OTTO’S RESTAURANT -- LATER 85 Otto, hands loaded with plates, serves customers at a sid table. He hears a noise by the kitchen, a door slamming. It's Maya. She starts rummaging under the main counter, slamming cabinet doors, looking for something. Otto opens his mouth to lay into her, but she interrupts.
52) 0) text: Maya strides into the gallery’s back alley with a cell phone in her hand. She’s dialing Leon.
53) 0) text: Leon steps up to the front door. It’s locked. He looks through the window and sees a SECURITY GUARD. Leon is about to knock. Then he changes his mind. In the background: the grinding hum of saws and machines. Leon starts around the side of the meat packing plant, an the grinding becomes louder. He reaches a driveway. Down the driveway is a loading dock. No one is around. Leon walks to the driveway and disappears in the plant. 89 90 91 68.
54) 0) text: Maya makes her way through the dark street. It’s late now She reaches subway station at the corner of Pershing Square. She looks up at the entrance. It’s the one Leon mentioned She checks her watch. She looks around, no one is there.
55) 0) text: Maya walks up to the turnstile. A few late night stragglers wait to pass through. Two TRANSIT COPS keep a watchful eye. Maya keeps an eye on the Transit Cops as she scans the crowd for Leon. Looking at all the faces on their evening commute. Then, right next to her, stands a LARGE HEAVYSET MAN. Maya shudders and turns....but it’s a young blond man, no more than twenty, smiling a bright harmless smile. Maya walks through the turnstile. INT. MAIN PACKING FLOOR - NIGHT —- CONTINUOUS 91 The line is running full tilt: carcasses swing down the track, sides of beef split, ground meat squeezed out. Leon sees a laundry bag with dirty butcher smocks by the door. He grabs one from the top and throws it on. He strides into the plant, looking around as he walks. Th workers ignore him. A BIG GUY, broad shoulders up ahead. Leon walks right up to him. He turns the Big Guy around. He’s not Mahogany. The Big Guy scowls but turns away. Leon reaches a work sink. It’s full of BLOODY TOOLS being washed clean by a constant flow of water. He glances behind. Nobody’s watching him. Next to the sink is an apron/work belt hanging from a hoo on the wall. Another look back at the Workers to see what he can use to fit in. Each has a belt with one or two tools. 92 93 69. Picking and choosing, Leon takes a short knife and a pointed tool that looks like an awl. He puts the belt on and tries wearing the tools. The belt droops, so he drops the awl and keeps only the knife and belt. He sees an old pair of work goggles. He fixes the strap to fit him, and he puts them on. Then Leon grabs a bloody cleaver and hefts it. Keeps it. Suddenly, somebody shoves him out of the way. He’s ready defend himself, but it’s just another butcher, putting hi tools in the sink. The other butcher wonders if he knows him. Leon just stares back, offering a little nod. The butcher nods back. Leon backs away, armed. Leon takes a meat hook from the sink and hangs it on his belt next to his knife. Then he lifts the bloody meat cleaver. INT. MAIN PACKING FLOOR - NIGHT —- CONTINUOUS 92 Leon walks with determination, knife and meat hook clanki on his belt, cleaver in his hand. Just ahead, he sees the door to the subway. No one is around. He doesn’t stop.
56) 0) text: Maya sits in a nearly empty car. Only three people with her. Two are street punks with lacquered hair, one a crew cut, the other a spiky doo. They stare straight at her. Weird twins. The third is an oddball with round glasses. He wears a three-piece brown suit which seems too tight. He carries well-worn sample case. Maya gives him a hard look, wondering. He doesn’t look like Leon’s photos of Mahogany, but he looks too muscular to be a salesman. Maybe the suit is just tight. He gazes at her, then looks away. Maya keeps an eye on him. Suddenly, there is a shrill sound of brakes. The train slows. Maya jerks in her seat as the train comes to a hard stop. None of the other riders moves. Then the two punks jump u and leave the car in one startling motion. The door shuts 94 95 96 70. Maya looks at the man in the brown suit. He ignores her. The train starts moving. The odd man has no expression. INT. SUBWAY CAR -- NIGHT —- CONTINUOUS 94 The train goes deeper into the depths of the city. Maya looks around her. The car feels like it is going faster. Now the man in the suit stands up. He walks right to her. Maya leans back and grabs her purse. She digs her hand in The man stops between Maya and the door. He grabs the roo hand rail. Now he stares straight at her. Is it a smile? The brakes hiss. Slowly, the subway car stops. Doors open. The man lets go of the hand rail and steps out of the car The doors close behind him. The car and tracks are silent Then, with another hard jerk, the subway starts to roll. The train is empty except for Maya. She looks surprised.
57) 0) text: Leon, butcher tools hanging, walks onto an empty platform There was a station here years ago, beneath the meat plan but all that is left is this platform. The overheads are burnt out, but a few bare ones are still lighted. Leon stands, totally focused, listening for a train. Hearing nothing, he opens his coat, shifting his tools. Hefts the cleaver. Looks down the tunnel. Nothing. Then a bare bulb above him starts to blink.
59) 0) text: Leon watches the bulb flicker. Then another bulb flickers He turns his head, listens for any noise. Nothing. But down the line -- -- Leon can hear a very quiet rumbling. A train is coming
61) 0) text: Leon stands at the very edge of the platform. He can hear the train advancing loudly. The noise is actually a shaking. Leon reacts to the RUMBLING of the train. He stands back a little as the train gets closer. But he knows that the train will not be slowing or stopping at this old station platform. The engine car barrels past Leon, and the train flashes b Leon moves back to the very edge. He tries to look into the speeding cars, but all are now empty. He still stares POV: Suddenly, a woman leaves one car and enters another. 100 101 72. Even in the darkness, Leon can see -- IT’S MAYA. Leon reacts with horror and has one thought: He’1ll just have to leap on the train! He yanks off his belt, grips the meat hook in one hand, and wraps the belt around it. The very end of the train is about to pass. His last chance. He psyches himself up, then.... Jumps up onto the rear of the train, snaring an outer han rail with the hook. The centrifugal force whips him hard against the end of the train. Knocking the wind out of him. Leon grunts loudly. But the hook holds. The train disappears around the curve, Leon hanging from it.
64) 0) text: Standing on the rear "porch" of the train, his face press to the window, Leon watches Mahogany heft the now hairles body over his shoulder. With his free hand, Mahogany grab the handle of his tool bag and turns toward the next subw car. The car containing Jurgis and Maya. In one of Leon's hands is the meat hook. With the other, reaches for the door handle and turns it. It doesn't budg The door is LOCKED.
65) 0) text: BANG! Hearing the gunshot, a panicked Leon begins slammin the meat hook into the window glass again and again.
66) 3) dialog: Let her go! 75. Leon pounds Mahogany as hard as he can, and now he flinches.
66) 4) dialog: (to Maya) Get away. Maya crawls away from the fighting men and pulls herself up, looking for some way to help Leon. Leon reacts to this, and Mahogany uses the moment to slam Leon hard onto the floor. Maya goes for her gun and points it at Mahogany. He pulls Leon in front of him, and Maya moves around to find a cle shot at Mahogany’s head. The wrestling makes it difficult She slams Mahogany hard with the handle. He doesn’t feel it. Mahogany grabs Leon’s hammer, and, holding Leon down, he pounds Leon hard in the forehead. Leon slumps, and Mahogany grabs Maya with one big hand. He hurls her against the wall. Maya crumples, and Leon moans in shock. Mahogany hits him again and pulls him toward the car with the hanging meat. They reach the car door, and Mahogany gives Leon’s head a bang on the glass before he pulls the car door open. Leon, absorbing the blow, pulls Mahogany away from the door. He grabs Mahogany’s leg and decks him with a schoolyard trip. Leon pulls himself off the floor and shakes off his pain with a shudder, and he takes out the cleaver left on his belt. Mahogany gets back up, and Leon races forward to meet the butcher, the two men raising their weapons. Mahogany lifts his hammer with a two handed grip. Leon waves the cleaver. They clash like gladiators. Sparks fly as metal meets metal. It’s a brutal conflict, made all the more chaotic by the swaying of the train, and the presence of the corpses, which each man uses in turn as a shield. Mahogany’s hammer, then Leon’s cleaver strike the corpses Digging deep within there flesh. Severing limbs with sing strokes. 107 76. The men fall back on one of the buckets - human blood is overturned. The combatants try not to slide on the gore slicked floor. Mahogany swings his hammer - Leon ducks. The hammer strikes the wall beside the door.
67) 0) text: His hammer gone, Mahogany grabs Leon’s neck and starts choking him, struggling to kill him by cutting off his ai Leon kicks Mahogany away with a final burst of strength. The lights in the train flicker on and off. Electricity from the tracks pours up from the hole in the floor. 108 77. Getting back his air, Leon throws himself hard at Mahogan Mahogany, standing on his strong leg, absorbs the blow. H pulls a serrated blade from beneath his chain mail and launches toward Leon. Leon ducks, grabbing Mahogany’s hand. Mahogany rips his hand free and stabs Leon in the arm. He is just grazed, and Leon counters by throw himself at Mahogany. Mahogany loses his balance and falls back. He puts his knife out to anchor himself, and his blade hits a hanging carcass. The carcass groans. It’s Jurgis, the blade embedded in him. Mahogany yanks the knife out and rips half of Jurgis’s chest. A sickened Leon grabs Mahogany and pulls him down on the car floor, close to the open car door. The rock face race past. Leon throws himself on Mahogany’s legs, pushing him further. Mahogany swings out inches from the rock wall. The wall is inches from Mahogany’s skull. He struggles to hang on.
68) 0) text: Leon pushes harder, bracing himself against the open door Mahogany panics. He’s inches from losing the top of his head, he slashes his knife at Leon. Then- A sickening sound as Mahogany is hit hard by a protruding metal beam which the train hurtles past. His body jerks a the beam continues to tear at him. His hands drop to his sides. His body slides out the door, falling from the train. Leon gets to his feet. He grabs Maya and shakes her back to full consciousness, then he holds them both safe by using a strap to support them. They’re inches from the hanging meat. She grabs him back, holding him tight. They both realize the train is beginning to slow down. It slows to a crawl. 109 78.
68) 3) dialog: Christ...
70) 0) text: Leon and Maya look into the darkness, too dark to see. Behind them, there is the noise of another door. 79. The Driver enters the car from the rear. He looks at Leon then he surveys the chaos in the train. He’s obviously unfazed by the bloodshed. He sees that Mahogany is gone.
70) 3) dialog: Who are you?
70) 5) dialog: You're a killer, like him.
70) 7) dialog: I‘ll kill you if I have to.
72) 0) text: Leon pulls Maya out of the car, and they both drop down outside. They can make out a line of the shapes approaching, like a dark wave. The things board the car and ignore them. They watch as the corpses in the car begin to bobble obscenely - being readied for their destination. With numerous uneven thuds, the corpses drop down, and Le and Maya hear them being dragged across the dark subway car. Then a shuffling noise can be heard outside the car, this time its the sound of the bodies being pulled along. The shuffling recedes in quiet waves, and finally all is silent. Leon looks on the car for the Driver. He’s gone. The train is plunged in darkness - there’s no sign of him anywhere. Maya cringes and grabs hold of Leon’s hand. He reaches down and sees a pile of human bones. There are skulls and remains all around. The leavings of several centuries of feeding. Leon kneels down and surveys the chaos of bones, dry skul and still-fleshy heads of those who surrendered here. Som are so life-like it seems they might speak of the horror. Leon approaches a pile of skulls which seem to form a circle. Suddenly, one skull comes to life. It’s a still-living head, and it moves out from the circle of skulls and dead men. 114 81. It’s Mahogany. The top of his head is shorn off. His eyes are bloodshot and furious. Leon steps back startled, but it’s not an hallucination.
73) 3) dialog: Maya! Mahogany’s hand loosens on his wound, blood trickling dow Leon tries to get up, but his effort is just a stumble. H just looks around and repeats Maya’s name.
73) 4) dialog: Maya. 83. Leon shudders from his own injuries, still on his knees. Hearing the crunch of feet approaching, he looks-up to se several "Fathers" closing on him. Not wanting to end-up like the "meat" on the train, Leon scrambles backwards thru the bones that litter the cavern floor then, grabbing hold of the cleaver still embedded i his shoulder, he yanks it free. Blood from the newly open wound instantly soaks his shirt. Leon starts to raise the cleaver in defense but the clawe hand of a "Father" grabs his wrist from behind. Leon turn There are more "Fathers" behind him. He's surrounded. The cleaver falls to the ground as the "Fathers" lift Leo to his feet. He's too weak to even think about fighting them off. He's held up, arms outstretched arms like a scarecrow's. Another clawed hand grabs Leon's chin and forces his face to turn sharply left. Leon has no choice but watch as several "Fathers" pass, carrying Mahogany's now naked bod They drop Mahogany to the floor and step back. Just beyond Mahogany's body is absolute darkness save the random highlights cast by the torches of the "Fathers". And then these highlights begin to move. What appeared initially to be just a cavern wall is actually the skin o a being so massive that it fills the cavern floor-to- ceiling and continues away from Leon and the "Fathers" to an unknowable depth. The bits of skin visible are darkish in color, smooth in texture although thin enough to revea the massive muscles that ripple beneath and consistently wet. This is the "Grandfather".
73) 5) dialog: My God. From the darkness, one of the "Grandfather's" arms emerge and, grabbing hold of Mahogany's head, suddenly yanks his body up. For a split second, the "Grandfather's" mouth is visible as it opens wide and then, as Mahogany disappears inside, it's swallowed again by darkness. The only evidence Mahogany ever existed is the crunching of his bones. Leon freaks. Struggles with all he has left to escape but the "Fathers" force him to his knees. And from the darkness, two of the "Grandfather's" arms emerge. Between them is Maya. She is hanging a couple feet off the ground naked and porcelain white. 84. Whether she is alive is unclear at this moment but what i clear is that Leon has never seen something so beautiful. She hangs in the darkness like an angel.
73) 6) dialog: Maya. Maya’s eyes open. And stare down into Leon’s.
73) 7) dialog: Maya, can you hear me? A peaceful smile creases Maya’s lips.
73) 9) dialog: Let her go. Take me! The Grandfather's finders sink easily into the flesh of Maya’s chest like a baker’s into dough.
73) 10) dialog: 
73) 12) dialog: No, no, Maya! Leon bows his head, completely broken. When he looks back up, the Driver is standing over him.
73) 15) text: ANCHOR WOMAN (cont'd) The police say Ms. Jones and Mr. Tompkins are only missing at this point, although foul play has not been ruled out. And now the man in the neat suit stands before the set, watching the report with Hodge. It’s Leon. But virtually a spitting image for Mahogany. He shows no interest in the news and faces Hodge. She gives him the once-over, then turns back to the televisio She reaches behind and yanks the plug. The set blinks off Leon goes to an old desk and leans over something we cann see at first. As he leans over it, we recognize the BLACK VALISE. He takes out several corkscrew tools and inspects them. THE LID OF THE VALISE SLOWLY CLOSES ON ITS OWN. Leon steps up to the hallway door, he picks up a BLACK LEATHER BAG from the floor. We hear a quiet metallic clatter. Engraved on the leather is the name “Mahogany.” Leon pauses and cocks his head. Hodge now stands right behind Leon, and she takes a leath datebook out of her coat and presents it to him. It is th same datebook which Hodge took from Maya. Leon holds the book a minute, glances at its contents, th stuffs it inside his coat. He opens the outer door. A uniformed cop has his back to us in the doorway, but he moves to let Leon pass. And now the cop shuts the door.
74) 0) text: It’s late. We follow Leon, dressed in his suit, leather bag in one hand, as he walks the aisle of an empty car. His stride is purposeful. He leaves one car, enters the next. We follow him through a second empty car. No one. CLACK. He slides open the door to a third car and enters. This car is also empty. Except one lone passenger -- THE YOUNG MAN FROM THE PROLOGUE. The young man leans back in his seat, sleeping, unaware.