7) 0) text: Leon digs in his bag, looking for camera gear. He pulls out his Leica and sees what’s around. Only a few people. He swings the Leica up and shoots a HOMELESS MAN, plus tw other people walking behind him (MAHOGANY’S back and bag) Then, abruptly, Leon hears a small scream. He rounds the corner and sees a HIP GIRL. She’s surrounde by THREE GANGBANGERS. Two are heavyset and tattooed, one with a short scruffy beard. The LEADER is wiry freak with nervous energy. He’s got a prison-style tear-drop tattoo beneath his eye. 11.
12) 0) text: INSIDE THE TRAIN - on a seat: a plastic bag neatly filled with the girls clothes. Close on: the girls lips. Still. Mahogany’s hand removes her lipstick with solvent. A loud sound of metal as the train makes a change of trac Mahogany looks up, then goes back to removing the lipstic 18 19 14. INT. LEON’S APARTMENT - KITCHEN -—- DAY 18 Maya sits on the kitchen counter amidst dark room equipment, in her underwear, legs wrapped around a standi Leon. He kisses her neck, she looks to the side, seeing - HER POV: a series of prints spread out on the counter. CLOSE ON: the images of the gangbangers and the Hip Girl. Leon keeps kissing her, but she pulls away, looking at th photos of the Hip Girl and the Gangbangers. She points to the first one, the girl in the photo staring directly at Maya, the photo is chilling.
16) 0) text: Four in the morning. No one is out. Leon walks down an old street. Behind him, the Pershing Square subway. Ahead, closed store fronts, rundown residential hotels. He finds a bench and sits down. A shrug. What did he think he’d find at this hour? Even bad guys go to bed. He leans back, like he might doze off. Shuts his eyes. Then, very quietly at first, footsteps echo on a staircas They are coming up from the Pershing Square subway statio Camera up, Leon jumps up from the bench and ducks behind it. He lines up the subway entrance in his viewfinder. LEON’S POV: A large dark shape fills the frame, walking. POV: The camera lifts slightly, and we see an immense hea CLICK. Leon takes a shot. CLICK. He takes another. The man he catches is MAHOGANY. A big man in his 50’s wit a crisp white shirt, dark brown suit, and hair oiled back He holds a leather bag, and, eyes straight ahead, he walk alone along the sidewalk on the other side of the street. Leon is fascinated. He takes a few more shots until Mahogany crosses a street a half block away from Leon. Leon lets him walk another twenty feet before he follows. He keeps close to buildings, but Mahogany doesn’t look behind him. Mahogany moves very fast for a large man. In a few quick strides, Mahogany rounds a corner. Leon breaks into a run, stops at the corner, and then turns.
17) 0) text: No one is on the street. Leon swings to his side and-- SLAMS INTO MAHOGANY. Mahogany’s bag dropping to the groun Leon's busted. He backs off, then stops, disarmed by the big man’s look. Did Mahogany know he had been followed? Mahogany stares right at him, inspecting him -- the cat who’s caught the mouse? Leon holds his camera down. 26 27 26.
18) 0) text: Leon, half a block behind, watches Mahogany approach a small, nondescript industrial building. He vanishes insid
19) 0) text: Leon sees CONVEYORS and a PACKING FLOOR running full tilt BUTCHERS in blue coveralls weigh and split giant beef carcasses hanging from METAL HOOKS. They slice through th bones and hack away the fat with SAWS and CLEAVERS. It’s a meat packing plant. Leon is amazed. He lifts up his camera to get a shot. CLICK! Intestines fall into a stainless steel cart. CLICK Blood is squeegeed through metal grates. CLICK! A bone sa sends a cloud of white dust in the air. The dust settles. Suddenly, at the rear, Mahogany emerges from a locker roo putting on blue coveralls. Leon jumps back a few feet. Mahogany, butcher’s apron on, reaches for a side of beef the size of a man. Without stopping, he wraps his arms around it in a gesture like a hug and lifts it like a pillow. He easily tosses it five feet onto a cutting rack Leon reacts, intimidated.
20) 0) text: Leon waits by the corner, watching the entrance. Mahogany exits, bag in hand. Leon reacts and follows.
21) 0) text: Mahogany stands back away from a group of riders on the platform. He seems to be watching them, measuring them. 33 28. Now we see Leon. Camera down, he’s even further back. He watches Mahogany, standing at a distance so he isn’t seen Mahogany scans the riders like a hawk. We see his eyes. POV: A well dressed man and a woman. Then a man in an overcoat, distracted, with a paper. An athletic guy. Back to Leon, wondering. On his gaze, the sound of a trai CLOSE ON the doors of a subway car as they open. The athletic guy enters. Mahogany follows right behind. Back to Leon, who steps forward. Suddenly -- -- A hand grabs his shoulder. A big STATION COP.
22) 0) text: The passengers have thinned. Mahogany sits in the back, quietly observing the last few riders as they depart. A GUARDIAN ANGEL comes through from a rear car. He cocks finger and fires at Mahogany, who smiles back. The Guardian Angel walks to the front, watching as statio whiz by outside. He looks confused. The train is not slowing down. He leans down, looking out the window.
24) 0) text: The Driver, straight faced, quickly walks up to the two men. Both men are on their knees. The Guardian Angel closest to him. Mahogany sees his hammer, then he sees the driver walking toward them with a gun. Mahogany reaches for the hammer, just as-- 38 30. The Driver raises the Glock to the back of the Guardian Angel’s head. POP! The flash of the gun fills the car. The train races on. The Guardian Angel drops to the ground. His legs twitchin against the steel floor. Mahogany clutches his arm. He checks the wound. Blood spurts onto the floor. He looks up to the driver.
26) 0) text: The train roars through the tunnel. As it flickers by, we catch a glimpse of SIX NAKED BODIES, hanging upside down and then the train is gone. 4l 33. INT. LEON’S APARTMENT - NIGHT 4l CLOSE ON something red which explodes and splashes juice. Leon slices a tomato on a cutting board, drops the slices into a large salad bowl filled with lettuce. Maya enters Leon’s work area on her way to the kitchen. She stops as something catches her eyes. Pictures line the walls. All tacked up neatly. ALL OF MAHOGANY.
29) 0) text: Mahogany’s face appears in a bathroom mirror. He runs a comb through his hair, washes the comb, puts it on the sink. A splash of cologne on his cheeks. The cologne goes back in a cabinet, its place is marked with a thin outlin Mahogany nudges the bottle to perfection with his finger. A muscular shoulder comes into the frame. We reveal more of the shoulder, until we see a gauze bandage. He curls the bandage back, and we see a growth, like a boil. It is flat but large, composed of barnacle-like bubbles. They are moist, glistening. Are they moving? He examines them. Now he pulls open a drawer, and we see an assortment of scalpels, neatly arrayed by size in a cutlery rack. He takes one in his hand and pushes it into the edge of the growth, cutting underneath. A line of blood appears, but he cuts further. He peels the growth off as he shaves it. He places the shaving into a green glass bottle, then screws it tightly shut. He places it in another drawer, and we see a collection of green bottles, each filled. Then he is wracked by a cough, deep enough to cause him t lean over. He reaches into the cabinet and takes out a dark pill bottle. He opens it, takes one, straightens up.
30) 0) text: Mahogany crosses the empty street to the packing plant. A moment later, Leon emerges from the shadows. He sneaks around the back of the plant.
31) 0) text: Leon climbs through a window onto a ledge slightly above the packing floor. His camera in his hand, he jumps to th ground. He sneaks forward, hiding behind a column. Now he readies his camera, spying through columns on the Workers opposit His first sight of the full floor stuns him. The production line is running full tilt. A powerful stench rises from the line. Not a rotting stench. Rather, a steam of blood drops. It almost overwhelms Leon, who feels the blood like a mis 36. Leon swings up his camera and looks through the lens: POV: A man in a white coat, clearly the boss, looks acros the floor at his crew, but he doesn’t say a word. Another worker, a butcher, gives the boss a look, but he turns away. Leon slowly pans his camera, snapping photos: blood and guts, bones and hooks, the machines grinding out processe meat. THROUGH LENS: We track across the length of the productio line, seeing the conveyor chains which pull the lines along. Now we tilt down slightly, and a LARGE FACE fills the frame. MAHOGANY stares directly at us, eyes looking into the len Leon reacts. Mahogany has caught him. But maybe not. Mahogany turns away, walking out of frame. Leon follows him with the lens. POV: Mahogany stands at a tool bench and looks for something. He picks up a large knife and examines it. He twists it. Now Mahogany looks directly at us once more. He must see us. Leon jumps back, hyperventilating. Mahogany moves quickly across the floor, carrying the knife he got at the bench. Leon makes a quick break, running back along the inside wall. He backtracks to the window he came through, and he sees Two men in butcher coats blocking his path. Leon hides behind a column, unable to see the floor. He leans around the column. Mahogany stands just ten feet away. Leon moves back behind the column. He checks the window. The two men still block his path to the window. He waits. He leans out again and sees -- Mahogany is walking toward him. Leon sees a side hallway. 48 49 37.
33) 0) text: Leon turns around: A few CARCASSES hang from hooks. Condensation rises from the cold, wet floor. The sound of dripping blood echoes against the metal walls. Footsteps in the hallway. Mahogany approaches. Leon looks for an escape, but there is only the one door. Leon pushes into the meat. A sound behind. The door opens. Leon grabs onto a chain and pulls himself a few feet up. Mahogany moves down the side, using the hook to move the beef aside. He crouches to check under the meat. No one there. Leon desperately hangs onto the chain, his arms shaking. Drip, drip, drip. Something hits Leon's forehead. He look up: a piece of meat swings above him. Leon almost drops. Mahogany grunts, pushing through the meat. Leon almost slips on the chain. Mahogany's shoes are closer. Then the shoes walk away. We hear steps, then none. Leon aches to let go of the chain, but he waits. No sound He takes a breath....and drops to the floor. No one there He turns -- -- And Mahogany is standing right before him. A few feet. The two men stare eye to eye for just a second. Then -- Leon bolts, running as fast as he can to the door, slippi once on the floor but lunging ahead. He’s out the door. Leon hits the plant floor -- but Mahogany is right behind 50 51 52 38. Leon sees the overhear production track across the aisle, and he throws himself at the closest hook. He cuts his hand, but the hook jerks him a few feet ahead of Mahogany Leon jumps down and turns. Mahogany has crossed the gap. Leon runs as fast as he can through hanging sides of beef slipping once but not stopping. Mahogany lunges after him Leon reaches the open truck dock at the same time as his pursuer -- but Leon sees an open bed truck pulling out.
34) 0) text: Leon throws himself into the open bed of the truck as it accelerates. Mahogany makes a hard stop at the dock. Mahogany just stands still. Just watching, not moving. INT. LEON’S APARTMENT -- SHOWER - LATER THAT AFTERNOON 51 Leon stands under the shower, the water pounding against his head. Leon scrubs his hands with a brush. The blood a filth is gone but he keeps scrubbing, harder and harder. INT. OTTO’S RESTAURANT - DAY 52 A slab of raw meat hits the griddle. The juices quickly sear against the heat. Maya is busy with a table of patrons. Jurgis is at the counter, Otto’s at the grill. Leon comes in the front door, sits down next to Jurgis.
35) 38) dialog: Leon reacts. But Mahogany doesn’t enter. He just looks in. Straight at Leon. Maya crosses in front, but his stare is fixed on Leon. Leon gets up from the counter. Mahogany doesn’t move. Then he walks away from the door. Leon looks at the door. He thinks a second, then follows.
36) 0) text: Walking through the station, Mahogany stops and turns. Leon ducks into an alcove, trying not to be seen. Mahogany turns back and goes on. Leon waits a beat, then reappears from the alcove. He hurries after Mahogany.
37) 0) text: Leon follows Mahogany between cars, staying back. Late night riders exit the train: Club Kids, Drunks, Cleaning Ladies and Businessmen, Cops. Flowing on and off The train leaves the station. Leon waits patiently in the back car, watching Mahogany through the doors. A VOICE behind Leon startles him.
38) 0) text: The train is now empty except for TWO BOYS making out in the front seat. Mahogany looks up. He walks into the rear car to check if it's clear. There is no one there. ANGLE under the seat: Leon lays on the ground, watching Mahogany's feet. Mahogany leaves, closing the doors. Leon waits, holding his breath. Trying to stay calm. THUD! A scream from the front car, shouting and wailing. 47. A SECOND THUD! And then silence. Leon closes his eyes. An waits. The train is not stopping. It seems to be picking up spee Leon crawls out from under the seat and takes his camera out of his pack. His hands are shaking. He slides up to the window in the connecting door and pee into the front car. Leon drops down, wincing.
39) 0) text: Total silence. The train has stopped. Then- The sound of the doors opening. Leon partially comes to - he’s hanging upside down from h ankles at the edge of the doorway of the subway car near the two BOYS. His feet are bare. His shirt is off. 59 60 49. He sees the outline of Mahogany in the dimness just outsi the open doors. Through Leon’s hallucinatory haze he sees that the car is stopped, but he can see no sign of a platform or station. Blackness engulfs everything. Then-- Leon screams in terror and pain as he is swung violently around by something unseen. Blood flows down into Leon’s eyes - further blurring his vision. He can’t see what’s attacking him. Something is carving away at his chest. Tearing at the skin. Through the train doors, Leon can see Mahogany. It’s not Mahogany who is carving at Leon’s chest. It’s a non-human appendage with what appears to be barnacle-like growths. Mahogany takes a step toward the interior, but he sees Le and turns away. His expression shows nothing. He just vanishes from sight. Leon’s world spins and he passes out again, coughing bloo and straining against the unseen terror.
48) 0) text: Close on the doorknob, it rattles slightly, and then slow begins to turn. INT. MAHOGANY’S HOTEL ROOM, MAIN ROOM -- NIGHT - CONTINOU Maya hears the rattling door and reacts immediately.
55) 0) text: Maya walks up to the turnstile. A few late night stragglers wait to pass through. Two TRANSIT COPS keep a watchful eye. Maya keeps an eye on the Transit Cops as she scans the crowd for Leon. Looking at all the faces on their evening commute. Then, right next to her, stands a LARGE HEAVYSET MAN. Maya shudders and turns....but it’s a young blond man, no more than twenty, smiling a bright harmless smile. Maya walks through the turnstile. INT. MAIN PACKING FLOOR - NIGHT —- CONTINUOUS 91 The line is running full tilt: carcasses swing down the track, sides of beef split, ground meat squeezed out. Leon sees a laundry bag with dirty butcher smocks by the door. He grabs one from the top and throws it on. He strides into the plant, looking around as he walks. Th workers ignore him. A BIG GUY, broad shoulders up ahead. Leon walks right up to him. He turns the Big Guy around. He’s not Mahogany. The Big Guy scowls but turns away. Leon reaches a work sink. It’s full of BLOODY TOOLS being washed clean by a constant flow of water. He glances behind. Nobody’s watching him. Next to the sink is an apron/work belt hanging from a hoo on the wall. Another look back at the Workers to see what he can use to fit in. Each has a belt with one or two tools. 92 93 69. Picking and choosing, Leon takes a short knife and a pointed tool that looks like an awl. He puts the belt on and tries wearing the tools. The belt droops, so he drops the awl and keeps only the knife and belt. He sees an old pair of work goggles. He fixes the strap to fit him, and he puts them on. Then Leon grabs a bloody cleaver and hefts it. Keeps it. Suddenly, somebody shoves him out of the way. He’s ready defend himself, but it’s just another butcher, putting hi tools in the sink. The other butcher wonders if he knows him. Leon just stares back, offering a little nod. The butcher nods back. Leon backs away, armed. Leon takes a meat hook from the sink and hangs it on his belt next to his knife. Then he lifts the bloody meat cleaver. INT. MAIN PACKING FLOOR - NIGHT —- CONTINUOUS 92 Leon walks with determination, knife and meat hook clanki on his belt, cleaver in his hand. Just ahead, he sees the door to the subway. No one is around. He doesn’t stop.
56) 0) text: Maya sits in a nearly empty car. Only three people with her. Two are street punks with lacquered hair, one a crew cut, the other a spiky doo. They stare straight at her. Weird twins. The third is an oddball with round glasses. He wears a three-piece brown suit which seems too tight. He carries well-worn sample case. Maya gives him a hard look, wondering. He doesn’t look like Leon’s photos of Mahogany, but he looks too muscular to be a salesman. Maybe the suit is just tight. He gazes at her, then looks away. Maya keeps an eye on him. Suddenly, there is a shrill sound of brakes. The train slows. Maya jerks in her seat as the train comes to a hard stop. None of the other riders moves. Then the two punks jump u and leave the car in one startling motion. The door shuts 94 95 96 70. Maya looks at the man in the brown suit. He ignores her. The train starts moving. The odd man has no expression. INT. SUBWAY CAR -- NIGHT —- CONTINUOUS 94 The train goes deeper into the depths of the city. Maya looks around her. The car feels like it is going faster. Now the man in the suit stands up. He walks right to her. Maya leans back and grabs her purse. She digs her hand in The man stops between Maya and the door. He grabs the roo hand rail. Now he stares straight at her. Is it a smile? The brakes hiss. Slowly, the subway car stops. Doors open. The man lets go of the hand rail and steps out of the car The doors close behind him. The car and tracks are silent Then, with another hard jerk, the subway starts to roll. The train is empty except for Maya. She looks surprised.
63) 0) text: Mahogany scrapes a crescent-shaped tool across the head o a dead body, leaving a pile of bloody hair and bits of scalp on the victim's neatly folded clothes.
64) 0) text: Standing on the rear "porch" of the train, his face press to the window, Leon watches Mahogany heft the now hairles body over his shoulder. With his free hand, Mahogany grab the handle of his tool bag and turns toward the next subw car. The car containing Jurgis and Maya. In one of Leon's hands is the meat hook. With the other, reaches for the door handle and turns it. It doesn't budg The door is LOCKED.
66) 0) text: Mahogany lifts a flattened bullet from between the chinks in his chain metal apron. And smiles. Maya raises the gun to shoot again but before she can pul the trigger, Mahogany swings the body he's been lugging over his shoulder around like a human baseball bat, sending Maya flying back into the gauntlet of corpses. He gun hits the floor and disappears beneath the seats. Calmly, Mahogany opens his bag of tools and removes a butchering knife. Maya looks up as Mahogany moves toward her. As he passes Jurgis, Mahogany brings the knife down sharply opening hi waist to neck. Blood spills from Jurgis' torso but Mahoga doesn't so much as break stride as continues toward Maya. Suddenly the door behind Mahogany flies open-
66) 2) dialog: Mahogany turns. Leon stands in the doorway, the meat hook in his hand. He rushes toward the two, ferocious, totally enraged. He grabs Mahogany by his arms and pulls him back. Maya pushe from beneath. With a push, Mahogany shakes Leon and lands on Maya hard, almost breaking her legs. She screams. Now Leon bangs Mahogany’s head with the hammer he kept, a Mahogany pushes him back with a big hand. Leon shouts.
67) 0) text: His hammer gone, Mahogany grabs Leon’s neck and starts choking him, struggling to kill him by cutting off his ai Leon kicks Mahogany away with a final burst of strength. The lights in the train flicker on and off. Electricity from the tracks pours up from the hole in the floor. 108 77. Getting back his air, Leon throws himself hard at Mahogan Mahogany, standing on his strong leg, absorbs the blow. H pulls a serrated blade from beneath his chain mail and launches toward Leon. Leon ducks, grabbing Mahogany’s hand. Mahogany rips his hand free and stabs Leon in the arm. He is just grazed, and Leon counters by throw himself at Mahogany. Mahogany loses his balance and falls back. He puts his knife out to anchor himself, and his blade hits a hanging carcass. The carcass groans. It’s Jurgis, the blade embedded in him. Mahogany yanks the knife out and rips half of Jurgis’s chest. A sickened Leon grabs Mahogany and pulls him down on the car floor, close to the open car door. The rock face race past. Leon throws himself on Mahogany’s legs, pushing him further. Mahogany swings out inches from the rock wall. The wall is inches from Mahogany’s skull. He struggles to hang on.
68) 0) text: Leon pushes harder, bracing himself against the open door Mahogany panics. He’s inches from losing the top of his head, he slashes his knife at Leon. Then- A sickening sound as Mahogany is hit hard by a protruding metal beam which the train hurtles past. His body jerks a the beam continues to tear at him. His hands drop to his sides. His body slides out the door, falling from the train. Leon gets to his feet. He grabs Maya and shakes her back to full consciousness, then he holds them both safe by using a strap to support them. They’re inches from the hanging meat. She grabs him back, holding him tight. They both realize the train is beginning to slow down. It slows to a crawl. 109 78.
70) 0) text: Leon and Maya look into the darkness, too dark to see. Behind them, there is the noise of another door. 79. The Driver enters the car from the rear. He looks at Leon then he surveys the chaos in the train. He’s obviously unfazed by the bloodshed. He sees that Mahogany is gone.
72) 0) text: Leon pulls Maya out of the car, and they both drop down outside. They can make out a line of the shapes approaching, like a dark wave. The things board the car and ignore them. They watch as the corpses in the car begin to bobble obscenely - being readied for their destination. With numerous uneven thuds, the corpses drop down, and Le and Maya hear them being dragged across the dark subway car. Then a shuffling noise can be heard outside the car, this time its the sound of the bodies being pulled along. The shuffling recedes in quiet waves, and finally all is silent. Leon looks on the car for the Driver. He’s gone. The train is plunged in darkness - there’s no sign of him anywhere. Maya cringes and grabs hold of Leon’s hand. He reaches down and sees a pile of human bones. There are skulls and remains all around. The leavings of several centuries of feeding. Leon kneels down and surveys the chaos of bones, dry skul and still-fleshy heads of those who surrendered here. Som are so life-like it seems they might speak of the horror. Leon approaches a pile of skulls which seem to form a circle. Suddenly, one skull comes to life. It’s a still-living head, and it moves out from the circle of skulls and dead men. 114 81. It’s Mahogany. The top of his head is shorn off. His eyes are bloodshot and furious. Leon steps back startled, but it’s not an hallucination.
73) 2) dialog: Welcome. Mahogany begins to choke on his own blood, laughing and coughing at the same time. Leon's gloating fades. He looks around, and there is no sign of Maya. The dark cavern is silent. She is just gone.
73) 15) text: ANCHOR WOMAN (cont'd) The police say Ms. Jones and Mr. Tompkins are only missing at this point, although foul play has not been ruled out. And now the man in the neat suit stands before the set, watching the report with Hodge. It’s Leon. But virtually a spitting image for Mahogany. He shows no interest in the news and faces Hodge. She gives him the once-over, then turns back to the televisio She reaches behind and yanks the plug. The set blinks off Leon goes to an old desk and leans over something we cann see at first. As he leans over it, we recognize the BLACK VALISE. He takes out several corkscrew tools and inspects them. THE LID OF THE VALISE SLOWLY CLOSES ON ITS OWN. Leon steps up to the hallway door, he picks up a BLACK LEATHER BAG from the floor. We hear a quiet metallic clatter. Engraved on the leather is the name “Mahogany.” Leon pauses and cocks his head. Hodge now stands right behind Leon, and she takes a leath datebook out of her coat and presents it to him. It is th same datebook which Hodge took from Maya. Leon holds the book a minute, glances at its contents, th stuffs it inside his coat. He opens the outer door. A uniformed cop has his back to us in the doorway, but he moves to let Leon pass. And now the cop shuts the door.