2) 1) text: -- A POLICE CAR pulled over by a sidewalk, TWO COPS * leaning over a guy in a leather jacket, hands behind him. -- A shot of a breathtaking GIRL, 20's, dark hair, hands hips, smiling sexily in a park, looking at us. * We pull back to reveal -- * The same girl, MAYA JONES, is reading a textbook at a kitchen table. She’s sexy in old pajamas and is wearing reading glasses. Smart as she is sexy, street smart, not just book smart. Leaning over the shot is LEON KAUFMAN. Late 20’s, his hai a mop of unruly curls, face unshaven, eyes piercing and dark. He is at the kitchen sink, the counter top filled with darkroom equipment. Leon looks at Maya, then at the photo of her in the park.
2) 5) dialog: Metropolitan History.
2) 7) dialog: This was never a good place to * walk at night. *
2) 11) dialog: How much did the Post give you?
2) 13) dialog: That’s great, Leon!
2) 15) dialog: Things’1l be easier once I get my Master's.
2) 17) dialog: Hey... Beer in hand, Leon closes the refrigerator.
2) 19) dialog: I know, baby. You want to be appreciated for your art. Leon knows she’s teasing him.
2) 23) dialog: Don’t worry, everything happens as it’s meant to be. Leon frowns. Maya looks up at the photo of her in the park.
2) 24) dialog: You know what you need? A genius girlfriend who knows how to network and get your work seen by some classy gallery owner. Like, say, Susan Hoff. Maya grins. She’s been saving this.
2) 26) dialog: Jurgis is a friend of hers. He met her through the magazine... You're supposed to meet him at her gallery tonight after it closes.
4) 6) dialog: Yeah, and some times you love it. (beat) Come on, you're being too negative. She left the door open for you. That’s really encouraging.
4) 8) dialog: Why are you so upset? Leon doesn’t say anything. Leon Leon each Leon Maya
4) 9) dialog: Because you think she’s probably right.
4) 11) dialog: So you shoot something else.
4) 13) dialog: You know how crazy that sounds? Tell me you’re not afraid of failing. That’s not it, right? looks at her. She smiles.
4) 14) dialog: C'mon, what is it?
4) 16) dialog: You're with me. I’11 help you find it. meets her smile. They kiss slowly, and snake against other beneath the sheets. After a while, Maya pauses.
4) 17) dialog: Come on, don’t tell me your dick is sulking, too. smirks.
4) 19) dialog: You're lucky I’ve got the early shift at Otto’s tomorrow. Maya kisses him, rolls over, and closes her eyes. Leon stares vacantly at the ceiling.
5) 0) text: A dimly lit subway car moves through the darkness. No one is on board, and there is no noise except the rumble of t train speeding down the tracks. The walls and all fixture of the car have a brushed metallic sheen, and light from the outside tunnels flashes the metal as the car rushes along. Overhead straps hang from the ceiling, and they move slightly in rhythm with the train. A flash of light reveals more of the straps: They’re not straps but sharp metal hooks, like hooks used to hang sides of beef. The train moves faster, and the hooks dance, slightly clangin Now the light changes again, and the hooks are hand strap just swinging, waving. INT. LEON’S BEDROOM -- NIGHT 10 With a start, Leon opens his eyes. Sees where he is. He carefully untangles himself from Maya, and slides out. Th train images were a nightmare. He shakes it off.
12) 0) text: INSIDE THE TRAIN - on a seat: a plastic bag neatly filled with the girls clothes. Close on: the girls lips. Still. Mahogany’s hand removes her lipstick with solvent. A loud sound of metal as the train makes a change of trac Mahogany looks up, then goes back to removing the lipstic 18 19 14. INT. LEON’S APARTMENT - KITCHEN -—- DAY 18 Maya sits on the kitchen counter amidst dark room equipment, in her underwear, legs wrapped around a standi Leon. He kisses her neck, she looks to the side, seeing - HER POV: a series of prints spread out on the counter. CLOSE ON: the images of the gangbangers and the Hip Girl. Leon keeps kissing her, but she pulls away, looking at th photos of the Hip Girl and the Gangbangers. She points to the first one, the girl in the photo staring directly at Maya, the photo is chilling.
12) 1) dialog: When did you get these?
12) 3) dialog: You have to show these to Susan Hoff. What you said she wants. This is it.
12) 5) dialog: If it’s not, I hope I never see it. INT. OTTO’S RESTAURANT - DAY 19 A trendy downtown restaurant, with small tables arranged an airy open space. On one side, a grill and a small bar. Maya serves Leon a leafy salad. He puts down his newspape Leon smile back at Maya and takes out a small package of deli paper from his bag. He unwraps it meticulously. oTTo, 40's, the diner’s eccentric and boisterous owner- operator, pauses by Leon. He gives Leon a hard look and shakes his head. 15.
12) 17) dialog: Where are you going?
15) 11) dialog: (interrupting) That’s because you’re great.
15) 13) dialog: Don’t worry so much.
15) 22) dialog: Do you know any art dealers that aren’t woman?
15) 25) dialog: It may be a good evil though. 24 25 25.
24) 2) dialog: You asshole! How did you get in here? She hits his chest with her balled up fist.
24) 7) dialog: It fits great...
24) 9) dialog: Thanks, baby...
24) 11) dialog: No... Leon leans in close to Maya - reaching past her and slidi his hand across the surface of the counter. He looks at h hand - GREASE staining his finger tips. Then he feels something. He pulls back from the grill to look Maya in t eyes-— She’s undone the top button of his jeans. She pulls his zipper down. 39 40 32. Leon doesn’t waste time. He kisses her - biting her botto lip. She lets out a small seductive squeal. Leon slides u her skirt around her upper thighs and lifts her up onto t counter. He tugs her cotton underwear to the side and thrusts inside her. She sighs heavily.
26) 0) text: The train roars through the tunnel. As it flickers by, we catch a glimpse of SIX NAKED BODIES, hanging upside down and then the train is gone. 4l 33. INT. LEON’S APARTMENT - NIGHT 4l CLOSE ON something red which explodes and splashes juice. Leon slices a tomato on a cutting board, drops the slices into a large salad bowl filled with lettuce. Maya enters Leon’s work area on her way to the kitchen. She stops as something catches her eyes. Pictures line the walls. All tacked up neatly. ALL OF MAHOGANY.
26) 1) dialog: Leon, what’s this? Is this for your show?
26) 3) dialog: What are you doing?
26) 5) dialog: You're right about that. Leon, what’s wrong with you? You should be focusing on your show. Leon meets eyes with her and then averts her gaze.
26) 6) dialog: You went to the police with your photos. Whatever is going on, they'll figure it out.
26) 8) dialog: It’s not your problem. I’m your problem. Can you please let this go? Please Leon. For me. He smiles at her, reflecting. 42 43 44 34.
27) 0) text: A dark shape hangs from the ceiling of an otherwise empty subway car. It trembles like a slender cocoon, shaking an writhing. But it is a body with its hands tied up. We've seen this car before: Metal hooks hang from the ceiling. A large man seen only from the back approaches the hangin body, and he holds the body still with one gloved hand. The man now runs his hand over the body, which jerks in response. Suddenly, we see the man’s other hand. Also gloved, it holds a long, glistening blade. The man thrust it in the body. Now we see the victim clearly for the first time -- It’s Leon. His face filled with terror, he reacts in agony to the blow. INT. LEON’S BEDROOM -- NIGHT - CONTINUOUS 43 Leon's eyes are open. He knows it was a nightmare, but he is deeply disturbed. Anxious, he just stares at the ceiling. He looks over at Maya, in bed next to him. Sound asleep.
34) 0) text: Leon throws himself into the open bed of the truck as it accelerates. Mahogany makes a hard stop at the dock. Mahogany just stands still. Just watching, not moving. INT. LEON’S APARTMENT -- SHOWER - LATER THAT AFTERNOON 51 Leon stands under the shower, the water pounding against his head. Leon scrubs his hands with a brush. The blood a filth is gone but he keeps scrubbing, harder and harder. INT. OTTO’S RESTAURANT - DAY 52 A slab of raw meat hits the griddle. The juices quickly sear against the heat. Maya is busy with a table of patrons. Jurgis is at the counter, Otto’s at the grill. Leon comes in the front door, sits down next to Jurgis.
35) 0) text: Maya’s purse still hangs on her shoulder. She stands by the door, uncertain, as Leon reorganizes some photos. He doesn’t notice her.
35) 1) dialog: You look like shit. Leon hangs up new photos on the wall. He turns around. Sh tosses her purse down.
35) 3) dialog: But I’m the first person who cares. She steps closer, puts her hand on his shoulder. She push his hair away from his forehead. Then- She looks past him, at the photos on the wall. The photos are incredibly intense. ALL OF MAHOGANY AND THE MEAT PLAN
35) 4) dialog: These aren’t for your show, are they? Maya pulls down a photo, tosses it, and walks away.
35) 5) dialog: I asked you to stop this. And you agreed you would. Seeing her concern, he becomes more serious.
35) 9) dialog: Does what, Leon?
35) 11) dialog: So they’re hamburger? (straight face) Otto had a bad batch last week, but he tossed it. Leon isn’t laughing. Now Maya watches him carefully. He lifts a folder from his table and pulls out a photo. CLOSE ON an older, weathered version of the meat plant.
35) 13) dialog: Leon. Leon takes another sheet from the folder -- a clipping.
35) 14) dialog: Enough.... She stands before him, puts a hand on his arm.
35) 18) dialog: (staring at it) It’s from a century ago.
35) 20) dialog: A hundred years ago! What are you thinking? It’s the same guy? That’s he’s reincarnated?
35) 22) dialog: There are no vampires.
35) 25) dialog: (interrupting) This is too stupid. Nothing is happening. Please stop. For me. Leon wraps his arms around her. She looks at the camera on the table. She touches his face and looks in his eyes. 43.
35) 26) dialog: Come on, shoot something you like. She motions to the camera. She backs away from him. She leans against the sink. She unbuttons her blouse and skir Leon reaches for the camera. His face is serious. He gets up from the table. Backs away from her. Raises the camera to his eye. Maya’s skirt drops to the floor. She slips her feet out o them. She puts her head down. LEON’S POV: Her hair covering her face. Leon snaps a picture. She looks up to him. Her eyes meeting the lens. She's beautiful. Vulnerable. Leon snaps a picture. She pulls her shirt up over her head. Leon snaps a pictur She stands there. Nearly naked. In her underwear and her bra. Simple, refreshing to Leon. He snaps a picture- But this time - As the flash bounces off her skin. An image burns in Leon eyes. A flash of horror in his mind. Meat. Blood. Death. shakes it off. Maya reaches back - starts to unhook her bra. Leon snaps picture. The flash. Again, a brief image of horror. A bri flash of Susan Hoff. Maya lets her bra fall from her shoulders, but she keeps herself covered. Looking right into her eyes this time, h snaps another picture. A flash of horror again, Mahogany. Leon physically jumps for a moment. He shakes it off, but immediately stops. He lowers the camera away from his face. A look of distre in his eyes. Maya suddenly feels very self conscious. She fastens her bra. Looks down to the ground with a brief sense of shame 54 INT. Maya back Maya Maya Otto Maya Leon Otto OTTO’S RESTAURANT —- NIGHT
35) 30) dialog: Otto. Just get me my next order.
35) 34) dialog: (busy) Is later okay?
42) 0) text: The front door opens. Leon walks in, he stands in the shadow of the hallway. Maya is on the couch, she can’t quite see him yet.
42) 1) dialog: You're alive. Leon stays silent.
42) 2) dialog: Where have you been? Leon continues walking. She follows.
42) 3) dialog: You can’t just disappear... What am I suppose to think? You could've been killed for all I know. Leon rubs his forehead, not knowing what to say. He pulls his hand down. Dried blood streaked on his palm. Leon steps into the light. She sees the blood on his hand Sees the wound on his head. She puts her hand on his head
42) 4) dialog: What happened to you? Leon ignores her, pulls her hand off his head and brushes by her to the bathroom.
44) 0) text: Maya pounds her hand on the door. Incredibly upset. 64 65 51.
44) 1) dialog: (frantic) Leon. She leans against the door, jiggling the locked doorknob.
44) 2) dialog: Let me in. Let me help you. (beat) Please.
46) 0) text: Maya is still leaning against the door. Suddenly, Leon opens the door, and Maya has to jump back. She reacts to his appearance. His wet hair is slicked back, his face freshly shaved, he suddenly seems more youthful... but also a bit waxen. Maya takes hold of his arm, but he shakes her hand off.
46) 1) dialog: (pleading) What happened to you? Leon walks past her, then turns back to answer.
47) 0) text: Maya sees Leon examining the gash on his chest. It is still bleeding. Profusely. She reacts in horror, then goes over to him. Closer, she sees the hideous shape on Leon’s chest.
47) 1) dialog: Oh, my God. What is this, Leon? We've got to go to the hospital.
47) 3) dialog: (frantic) Where did you go?
47) 5) dialog: (explodes ) Why did you do that? He thinks for a moment.
47) 7) dialog: What are you talking about? Leon's is piecing it together for himself in a jumbled wa
47) 9) dialog: He takes them there?
47) 11) dialog: (worried) Baby, let’s just take you to the hospital and your photos to Detective Hodge.
47) 13) dialog: They have to listen.
47) 16) dialog: Yourself? I’m not going to stand here and let you get yourself killed. I’m calling the police. Maya barges out of the bedroom - into the kitchen - and grabs Detective Hodge’s card from the wall where it’s taped. The she grabs her cell phone from her purse. She dials. Leon comes up behind her and grabs the phone from her han He throws it against the wall, smashing it into pieces. Maya stands there - stunned. Leon breaths heavily.
47) 19) dialog: (trying to be focused) I know something happened down there. I can see it. But you've got to let me help you. Leon looks at Maya for a long moment, then--
47) 21) dialog: Leon... She stands for a moment in silence - then closes the door EXT. MAHOGANY’S HOTEL —- EVENING 67 Maya stands on the street corner, watching Mahogany’s hotel. Jurgis is behind her, unsure if they should be there.
47) 23) dialog: I know. But I don’t know what else to do. Maya turns Detective Hodge’s card in her hand, thinking.
47) 24) dialog: Leon's right, the police will think we're crazy. Suddenly, out of the corner of her eye, Maya sees -- Mahogany, exiting down the front stairs. Maya pushes Jurgis back into a doorway. Mahogany looks in their direction, but then turns the other way. He walks down the street, making a half block in a few long stride 68 69 70 55. INT. MAHOGANY’S HOTEL FOYER - NIGHT 68 Maya and Jurgis walk into the old lobby and sees a concierge counter on one side of a cracked linoleum floor No one is there, so they walk up. Behind the counter are mailboxes. Maya sees Mahogany’s name on one box. It says #6. A spare key dangles from a hook above the box. She reaches over t counter for the key when suddenly she hears a rattling COUGH and the sound of someone moving in the back room. S freezes, exchanges a glance with Jurgis - it’s now or never. She grabs the key. INT. MAHOGANY’S HOTEL ROOM - NIGHT - CONTINUOUS 69 Maya enters the dark room. She passes down a small foyer then enters the main room. It’s dark and wide. Shafts of light peek through the closed blinds. In the main room is couch and an old TV. Maya walks by a small kitchen as she makes her way deeper into the room. INT. MAHOGANY’S KITCHEN - NIGHT —- CONTINUOUS 70 Maya enters and looks around. She sees a cupboard with drawers, and she quietly opens one to have a look. Rows o carving knives rattle as the drawer moves. She pulls out lower drawer. Surgical devices which seem medical. She opens the lowest drawer: Wound retractors of every type. Her eyes are drawn to the sink. It’s empty, but the white surface is stained a rusty red. The drain is clotted with hair. Next to the drain, two green bottles. She lifts one. Inside, there is something with moist white bubbles. She drops it and backs away in disgust - a sudden surge o fear and adrenaline courses through her limbs. She spins around and-- SLAMS INTO JURGIS. They both gasp.
47) 25) dialog: (quietly) Why are you up here? What if he comes back?
47) 27) dialog: We need to find the camera and get out of here fast. There is a short hallway to her left leading to a bedroom She stares at the dark hall.
47) 31) dialog: Shit. The last section has some new pages added. A calendar pasted into the binding. She flips through it and sees several months with starred dates but no entries. Many days in each month have a moon and star -- but no writing
48) 0) text: Close on the doorknob, it rattles slightly, and then slow begins to turn. INT. MAHOGANY’S HOTEL ROOM, MAIN ROOM -- NIGHT - CONTINOU Maya hears the rattling door and reacts immediately.
48) 1) dialog: (whisper ) Jurgis. INT. MAHOGANY’'S HOTEL ROOM, BEDROOM - NIGHT - CONTINUOUS Jurgis doesn’t hear a thing. He carefully opens a dresser drawer. Nothing but folded linens. He quietly closes it and makes his way toward the closet across the room. He opens it. It creaks slightly. Inside, are six identica brown suits, all in dry cleaning bags. He pushes a couple aside. A couple more, then-- THE LEICA - hanging from a coat hanger. Jurgis beams and grabs the camera from the hanger. He places the straps around his neck and spins for the exit-- 76 77 78 58.
48) 4) dialog: (whisper ) Jurgis. There’s no response, only silence. She moves out a step. INT. MAHOGANY’S HOTEL ROOM, MAIN ROOM/BEDROOM - NIGHT - 7
48) 6) dialog: Detective Hodge, I’m Maya Jones, Leon Kaufman's girlfriend. My friend’s in trouble. It’s the case Leon talked to you about.
50) 0) text: Maya sits in a chair opposite the desk we’ve seen before. She’s anxious, and she fiddles with the strap of her bag. Detective Hodge walks into the room, looking stressed out
50) 2) dialog: Did you find Jurgis?
50) 6) dialog: (frantic) Jurgis was there!
50) 8) dialog: That can’t be right.
50) 10) dialog: No! He’s a butcher, and Leon thinks he kills people.
50) 12) dialog: I was in the room. I saw the tools he uses. Hodge reacts strongly.
50) 14) dialog: Listen. My friend Jurgis is in trouble. He was with me. He never came out. The butcher came back, and Jurgis may be hurt.
50) 16) dialog: Please. Come back with me, I'll show you. Hodge pauses a second without answering, looking at Maya.
50) 18) dialog: I think you mean a datebook. It records all the murders. It goes back a hundred years.
50) 21) dialog: I don’t have it. I ran out too fast. I wanted to go back, but you told me not to.
50) 23) dialog: (not backing down) The hotel room was filled with butcher tools. Murder weapons. If you don’t go back with me, I will go back with someone else. 84 62.
50) 25) dialog: I told you. I don’t have it.
50) 27) dialog: The butcher? So he can do more killing? You know about the murders, don’t you? No response from Hodge. Maya gets up, turns to the door.
50) 28) dialog: Did you say you were going to arrest me? Hodge doesn’t answer. Maya walks out....as Hodge watches.
51) 13) dialog: Where’s your piece, Otto?
51) 15) dialog: Where is it, Otto? 86 65. There, she finds it. An old service revolver. She checks the gun. Loaded, typical of Otto. She turns to the door.
51) 19) dialog: Susan Hoff? Susan turns to Maya.
51) 20) dialog: I’m Maya--
51) 22) dialog: What do you mean?
51) 24) dialog: What are you talking about? Susan’s assistant comes up to her, whispers in her ear an tries to pull her away.
51) 26) dialog: What happened? Susan tears her arm away.
51) 28) dialog: (ignoring her) Did he say anything? Susan has an odd smile: Leon’s girlfriend is on drugs, to
51) 30) dialog: I need to borrow a phone. Mine is busted. Please.
52) 0) text: Maya strides into the gallery’s back alley with a cell phone in her hand. She’s dialing Leon.
52) 1) dialog: (to machine) Leon, are you there? The butcher, I think he has Jurgis. That cop detective.... SUDDENLY -- Detective Hodge jumps right into her face.
52) 3) dialog: What the fuck are you doing here? Hodge grabs her arm and pushes her against the wall. 88 67. Immediately, Maya shakes loose and turns Hodge around.
52) 4) dialog: No, you fucking tell me what’s going on. Before Hodge can react, Maya swings her hand up. She’s go Otto’s revolver, and she puts it in Hodge’s face.
52) 5) dialog: Now!
52) 7) dialog: Tell me where he is.
52) 9) dialog: Where is Jurgis, tell me! Maya rams the gun so close to Hodge’s face she slams back She doesn’t answer at first. Then she strangely relaxes.
54) 0) text: Maya makes her way through the dark street. It’s late now She reaches subway station at the corner of Pershing Square. She looks up at the entrance. It’s the one Leon mentioned She checks her watch. She looks around, no one is there.
55) 0) text: Maya walks up to the turnstile. A few late night stragglers wait to pass through. Two TRANSIT COPS keep a watchful eye. Maya keeps an eye on the Transit Cops as she scans the crowd for Leon. Looking at all the faces on their evening commute. Then, right next to her, stands a LARGE HEAVYSET MAN. Maya shudders and turns....but it’s a young blond man, no more than twenty, smiling a bright harmless smile. Maya walks through the turnstile. INT. MAIN PACKING FLOOR - NIGHT —- CONTINUOUS 91 The line is running full tilt: carcasses swing down the track, sides of beef split, ground meat squeezed out. Leon sees a laundry bag with dirty butcher smocks by the door. He grabs one from the top and throws it on. He strides into the plant, looking around as he walks. Th workers ignore him. A BIG GUY, broad shoulders up ahead. Leon walks right up to him. He turns the Big Guy around. He’s not Mahogany. The Big Guy scowls but turns away. Leon reaches a work sink. It’s full of BLOODY TOOLS being washed clean by a constant flow of water. He glances behind. Nobody’s watching him. Next to the sink is an apron/work belt hanging from a hoo on the wall. Another look back at the Workers to see what he can use to fit in. Each has a belt with one or two tools. 92 93 69. Picking and choosing, Leon takes a short knife and a pointed tool that looks like an awl. He puts the belt on and tries wearing the tools. The belt droops, so he drops the awl and keeps only the knife and belt. He sees an old pair of work goggles. He fixes the strap to fit him, and he puts them on. Then Leon grabs a bloody cleaver and hefts it. Keeps it. Suddenly, somebody shoves him out of the way. He’s ready defend himself, but it’s just another butcher, putting hi tools in the sink. The other butcher wonders if he knows him. Leon just stares back, offering a little nod. The butcher nods back. Leon backs away, armed. Leon takes a meat hook from the sink and hangs it on his belt next to his knife. Then he lifts the bloody meat cleaver. INT. MAIN PACKING FLOOR - NIGHT —- CONTINUOUS 92 Leon walks with determination, knife and meat hook clanki on his belt, cleaver in his hand. Just ahead, he sees the door to the subway. No one is around. He doesn’t stop.
56) 0) text: Maya sits in a nearly empty car. Only three people with her. Two are street punks with lacquered hair, one a crew cut, the other a spiky doo. They stare straight at her. Weird twins. The third is an oddball with round glasses. He wears a three-piece brown suit which seems too tight. He carries well-worn sample case. Maya gives him a hard look, wondering. He doesn’t look like Leon’s photos of Mahogany, but he looks too muscular to be a salesman. Maybe the suit is just tight. He gazes at her, then looks away. Maya keeps an eye on him. Suddenly, there is a shrill sound of brakes. The train slows. Maya jerks in her seat as the train comes to a hard stop. None of the other riders moves. Then the two punks jump u and leave the car in one startling motion. The door shuts 94 95 96 70. Maya looks at the man in the brown suit. He ignores her. The train starts moving. The odd man has no expression. INT. SUBWAY CAR -- NIGHT —- CONTINUOUS 94 The train goes deeper into the depths of the city. Maya looks around her. The car feels like it is going faster. Now the man in the suit stands up. He walks right to her. Maya leans back and grabs her purse. She digs her hand in The man stops between Maya and the door. He grabs the roo hand rail. Now he stares straight at her. Is it a smile? The brakes hiss. Slowly, the subway car stops. Doors open. The man lets go of the hand rail and steps out of the car The doors close behind him. The car and tracks are silent Then, with another hard jerk, the subway starts to roll. The train is empty except for Maya. She looks surprised.
58) 0) text: Maya still sits alone as the car pulls into another station. The doors hiss open. No one boards. The doors hiss close. The train clatters out of the station. Maya looks outside 97 98 99 71. The dark walls of a tunnel. She leans back, but still tense.
60) 0) text: Maya turns to the other side, but she only sees tunnel. Suddenly -- The overhead light GOES OUT. Pitch black. Maya backs into a corner. She turns to the next car: It’s dark, too. The car on the other end, just as dark. But several cars down, Maya sees light. She gets up with hand on the wall and walks toward the end of the car. She reaches the door to the next car. She takes her walle out of her purse and stuffs it in her pocket. She takes out the revolver. With a toss, she throws her purse down. Maya pulls the door open. The next car is dark, but the illuminated car now seems brighter. It’s only two cars away.
61) 0) text: Leon stands at the very edge of the platform. He can hear the train advancing loudly. The noise is actually a shaking. Leon reacts to the RUMBLING of the train. He stands back a little as the train gets closer. But he knows that the train will not be slowing or stopping at this old station platform. The engine car barrels past Leon, and the train flashes b Leon moves back to the very edge. He tries to look into the speeding cars, but all are now empty. He still stares POV: Suddenly, a woman leaves one car and enters another. 100 101 72. Even in the darkness, Leon can see -- IT’S MAYA. Leon reacts with horror and has one thought: He’1ll just have to leap on the train! He yanks off his belt, grips the meat hook in one hand, and wraps the belt around it. The very end of the train is about to pass. His last chance. He psyches himself up, then.... Jumps up onto the rear of the train, snaring an outer han rail with the hook. The centrifugal force whips him hard against the end of the train. Knocking the wind out of him. Leon grunts loudly. But the hook holds. The train disappears around the curve, Leon hanging from it.
62) 0) text: Maya stops at the door of the dark car just before the li car. Thru the window she can see five bodies hanging upside down. They swing back-and-forth from both sides of the aisle, making it impossible for Maya to see all the w to the opposite end of the car. Tightening her grip on the pistol, she slides open the door to -
64) 0) text: Standing on the rear "porch" of the train, his face press to the window, Leon watches Mahogany heft the now hairles body over his shoulder. With his free hand, Mahogany grab the handle of his tool bag and turns toward the next subw car. The car containing Jurgis and Maya. In one of Leon's hands is the meat hook. With the other, reaches for the door handle and turns it. It doesn't budg The door is LOCKED.
66) 0) text: Mahogany lifts a flattened bullet from between the chinks in his chain metal apron. And smiles. Maya raises the gun to shoot again but before she can pul the trigger, Mahogany swings the body he's been lugging over his shoulder around like a human baseball bat, sending Maya flying back into the gauntlet of corpses. He gun hits the floor and disappears beneath the seats. Calmly, Mahogany opens his bag of tools and removes a butchering knife. Maya looks up as Mahogany moves toward her. As he passes Jurgis, Mahogany brings the knife down sharply opening hi waist to neck. Blood spills from Jurgis' torso but Mahoga doesn't so much as break stride as continues toward Maya. Suddenly the door behind Mahogany flies open-
68) 0) text: Leon pushes harder, bracing himself against the open door Mahogany panics. He’s inches from losing the top of his head, he slashes his knife at Leon. Then- A sickening sound as Mahogany is hit hard by a protruding metal beam which the train hurtles past. His body jerks a the beam continues to tear at him. His hands drop to his sides. His body slides out the door, falling from the train. Leon gets to his feet. He grabs Maya and shakes her back to full consciousness, then he holds them both safe by using a strap to support them. They’re inches from the hanging meat. She grabs him back, holding him tight. They both realize the train is beginning to slow down. It slows to a crawl. 109 78.
68) 2) dialog: Jurgis! Oh, no, please. Both rush to the hanging Jurgis, and Maya starts crying when she sees the body ripped by Mahogany’s knife. Leon pulls her away, but he’s shocked by the sight of Jurgis’ ripped corpse. Then the slowing train alerts them. They are coming to the end of the line. Leon looks out the windows. On one side of the train - to Leon’s shock - the tunnel wall has disappeared. Darkness. A few yards beyond the track, the rock face falls away. Darkness. Leon looks out the door, looks down. Darkness. Everything falls into darkness. He can’t tell how far.
70) 0) text: Leon and Maya look into the darkness, too dark to see. Behind them, there is the noise of another door. 79. The Driver enters the car from the rear. He looks at Leon then he surveys the chaos in the train. He’s obviously unfazed by the bloodshed. He sees that Mahogany is gone.
72) 0) text: Leon pulls Maya out of the car, and they both drop down outside. They can make out a line of the shapes approaching, like a dark wave. The things board the car and ignore them. They watch as the corpses in the car begin to bobble obscenely - being readied for their destination. With numerous uneven thuds, the corpses drop down, and Le and Maya hear them being dragged across the dark subway car. Then a shuffling noise can be heard outside the car, this time its the sound of the bodies being pulled along. The shuffling recedes in quiet waves, and finally all is silent. Leon looks on the car for the Driver. He’s gone. The train is plunged in darkness - there’s no sign of him anywhere. Maya cringes and grabs hold of Leon’s hand. He reaches down and sees a pile of human bones. There are skulls and remains all around. The leavings of several centuries of feeding. Leon kneels down and surveys the chaos of bones, dry skul and still-fleshy heads of those who surrendered here. Som are so life-like it seems they might speak of the horror. Leon approaches a pile of skulls which seem to form a circle. Suddenly, one skull comes to life. It’s a still-living head, and it moves out from the circle of skulls and dead men. 114 81. It’s Mahogany. The top of his head is shorn off. His eyes are bloodshot and furious. Leon steps back startled, but it’s not an hallucination.
73) 8) dialog: Leon, this is what you've been looking for. And from the void behind Maya, two more of the “Grandfather’s” arms emerge. They wrap themselves around either side of Maya, meeting in the middle of her chest.
73) 15) text: ANCHOR WOMAN (cont'd) The police say Ms. Jones and Mr. Tompkins are only missing at this point, although foul play has not been ruled out. And now the man in the neat suit stands before the set, watching the report with Hodge. It’s Leon. But virtually a spitting image for Mahogany. He shows no interest in the news and faces Hodge. She gives him the once-over, then turns back to the televisio She reaches behind and yanks the plug. The set blinks off Leon goes to an old desk and leans over something we cann see at first. As he leans over it, we recognize the BLACK VALISE. He takes out several corkscrew tools and inspects them. THE LID OF THE VALISE SLOWLY CLOSES ON ITS OWN. Leon steps up to the hallway door, he picks up a BLACK LEATHER BAG from the floor. We hear a quiet metallic clatter. Engraved on the leather is the name “Mahogany.” Leon pauses and cocks his head. Hodge now stands right behind Leon, and she takes a leath datebook out of her coat and presents it to him. It is th same datebook which Hodge took from Maya. Leon holds the book a minute, glances at its contents, th stuffs it inside his coat. He opens the outer door. A uniformed cop has his back to us in the doorway, but he moves to let Leon pass. And now the cop shuts the door.