12) 6) dialog: Fuck no, I’m not doing that again.
12) 8) dialog: It’s bad for my reputation. This is the best Philly cheese steak in town. The tofu’ll fuck with my grill. How about having one of my specials instead? Otto takes two steak flanks and tosses them on his grill.
12) 10) dialog: Don’t give me that bull. You want to let your wimpy jelly loaf soak up all my tasty grease. With that, Otto takes a brimming cheese-steak sandwich fr his grill and hefts it. It’s enormous. The steak slices are generous, and cheese and onions drip all over it.
12) 11) dialog: My family opened this diner. My heritage is in this cheese-steak. If my nannouo, god rest, knew I put that on his grill... Otto shakes his head in disgust. Maya rolls her eyes at Otto. Leon smiles.
34) 0) text: Leon throws himself into the open bed of the truck as it accelerates. Mahogany makes a hard stop at the dock. Mahogany just stands still. Just watching, not moving. INT. LEON’S APARTMENT -- SHOWER - LATER THAT AFTERNOON 51 Leon stands under the shower, the water pounding against his head. Leon scrubs his hands with a brush. The blood a filth is gone but he keeps scrubbing, harder and harder. INT. OTTO’S RESTAURANT - DAY 52 A slab of raw meat hits the griddle. The juices quickly sear against the heat. Maya is busy with a table of patrons. Jurgis is at the counter, Otto’s at the grill. Leon comes in the front door, sits down next to Jurgis.
34) 10) dialog: Well, if we aren’t, they’d have to get past me. Then Leon opens the bun and take out the piece of beef. It’s cooked rare. A glistening trail of shiny grease runs down Leon’s finger. He experimentally licks it off. Then bites into the bloody beef. Jurgis and Otto trade a surprised look.
35) 28) dialog: (to Maya) Jurgis showed me a picture of that art woman Hoff, from his magazine. I’d like to meet that one in the flesh, if you know what I mean. is agitated.
35) 29) dialog: You better keep an eye on your Leon. He might have his hands full. Both of them. is not in the mood.
35) 31) dialog: I'm joking with you, it’s a joke. glances up at the front door. Leon has just come in. looks at Leon, then back to Otto. Leon comes up.
35) 33) dialog: (walking) My hands are full.
51) 14) dialog: Hold on, I gotta talk to you. Have you and your boyfriend lost it? Maya ignores him, keeps going through cabinets.
51) 16) dialog: Hold it. You stop right now! But the door slams and Maya is gone.
51) 17) dialog: Holy shit. INT. SUSAN HOFF’S GALLERY -- LATER Maya enters the gallery, the crowd still small. At the rear, Susan sees her and pulls out her cell.
69) 0) text: The train is stopped at the bottom of a deep cavern. Pitc black but immense, the train a tiny shape in the gloom. The ceiling arches above, but it’s too dark to see how high. The cavern itself is littered with skulls and bony decay, boneyard going back centuries, strewn with crumbling remains. All is totally still.