3) 0) text: A bare, minimal space with the harshest gray concrete walls. A receptionist’s counter faces the front. Behind that, a low table with a few catalogues and art magazines On the walls are paintings by Clive Barker. SUSAN HOFF (40s) approaches from the back of the gallery. She is beautiful, razor sharp. There is an edge to everything she says.
3) 3) dialog: I looked at your work. There’s a consistency to your images.
3) 5) dialog: Talk to me about them. Leon glances at Jurgis for a moment.
3) 6) dialog: Sell yourself a little.
3) 8) dialog: (wryly) The “heart of the city”?
3) 10) dialog: Then you're failing. Leon freezes. She pauses long enough to let it sink in.
3) 11) dialog: Most of the time. Susan motions with a finger for Leon to follow. She turns to a nearby table, where she flips through the images in his portfolio. In doing so she leans in close to Leon, brushing against him. She pauses on one photo: A MEAT WORKER looks up, angry and surprised, as he dumps half of calf carcass into a city trash can.
3) 12) dialog: Now this....It’s not there but it’s closer. He looks....caught in the act. You exposed something. She gives him a look.
3) 13) dialog: Something dirty. She closes the book.
3) 14) dialog: But you need to get a lot dirtier.
3) 16) dialog: You're searching for the “heart of the city”? Then you have to get under the flesh. That’s what I mean by dirty. Come back when you've done that. Leon stands silent, not sure what to say.
15) 0) text: 22 Leon sits with Susan Hoff. She flips through a folder of Leon's latest prints and stops on one of the pictures of Loretta Dryer.
15) 1) dialog: Talk to me about it.
15) 3) dialog: This is the singer the police are looking for? What’d you tell them? She gives Leon a look like he has something to confess.
15) 5) dialog: So you were lucky? Or you saw something. Something no one else saw. A girl about to vanish. She gives him a look, like he knows more. Leon completely uncomfortable now.
15) 6) dialog: I'm starting to see a point of view. Still tentative. But different. She looks into his eyes.
15) 7) dialog: Not the “heart of the city.” But that was just bullshit. She now has a firm grip on his arm and moves in is close. 23
15) 8) dialog: I have a group show up next. I can add a few of your shots. 23. Leon is ready to explode, but he doesn’t want to blow thi
15) 9) dialog: It will be tight... but you have enough time to gather one or two more. Another strong one like this. INT. OTTO’S RESTAURANT - LATER - NIGHT Leon, Maya, and Jurgis, all a bit drunk, sit in booth, Maya almost in Leon’s lap. Leon tries to
51) 0) text: Susan escorts Leon through the Gallery. She’s speaking closely to his ear. There is a good crowd, thirty or more people. Clusters of buyers circle around the prints. Susan is charged. She steers Leon into the crowd.
51) 1) dialog: Bill and Sue Bennett buy what I tell them. Usually my third suggestion. A few will want separate time with you. But it means a sale. An older couple smiles at Susan.
51) 2) dialog: The Franks don’t collect photography, but let’s say hello. Then shine them on. (within range) Leon, this is Jack and Andee Franks. They came by this afternoon and asked to meet you. 63.
51) 4) dialog: I need to deal with some business. Be right back. Susan gives Leon a look and vanishes.
51) 7) dialog: I didn’t mean for you to hide. C'mon, it’s time for the Franks. Leon glares at Susan, then turns to another image. 85 64.
51) 8) dialog: I’m not waiting for that one to sell. Leon ignores her, staring at the image. It’s an immense shot of the subway hallway. Loretta staring right at us.
51) 9) dialog: Leon? Leon doesn’t answer. Then he turns and starts walking.
51) 10) dialog: Where are you going? No response, so Susan grabs his arm.
51) 11) dialog: (angry) I said, where are you going? He yanks his arm free and points at the subway shot.
51) 18) dialog: (quietly) She's here. At the entrance, Maya sees one or two people perusing the prints. She scans the room for Leon, doesn’t see him. Susan is at the back of the room. Maya approaches her.
51) 21) dialog: Leon's girlfriend. Where is he?
51) 23) dialog: He stormed out of here, just a few minutes ago.
51) 25) dialog: He just left. 86 87 66. Maya grabs on to her arm.
51) 27) dialog: I don’t know. He was fine when he came in. Maybe you can tell me?
51) 29) dialog: (you're nuts, too) As a matter of fact, he didn’t. Maya’s worry is evident. She thinks a second.