8) 0) text: From inside the house their mother, ANNIE SULLIVAN, 40's, watches Michael and Peter lying in the snow. Sound of a distant car approaching.
10) 0) text: Michael and Peter are doing their HOMEWORK at the table. Annie is cooking. Michael looks down to his work: Math. A BLANK page. He glances at Peter who writes fluently in hi school book. Annie senses her eldest son struggling with homework. It’s not an unusual occurrence. She moves over him, bends down, whispering in his ear conspiratorially:
10) 1) dialog: I‘1l help you with it later.... Michael smiles. She kisses his cheek.
10) 2) dialog: You go fetch your father.
12) 7) dialog: It’s all right, honey. Come on.
12) 9) text: Annie understands and relents, staying back. Sullivan and Michael approach. In front of a fire, an OPE COFFIN rests on a bed of ICE. Buckets catch the drips. Sullivan notices Michael’s curiosity.
13) 3) dialog: (swiftly) Putting food on your plate, young man. Michael continues eating, feigning disinterest.
24) 0) text: Michael, Peter and Annie at Breakfast. Michael can’t eat. Sullivan enter. Sits. Looks at Michael who won’t look bac After a pause:
24) 1) dialog: Boys, clear you plates, please.
24) 3) dialog: It’s time for school now, just-
26) 0) text: Sullivan watches, concerned as Michael comes out of the house. Annie comes to the window, next to him.
26) 1) dialog: What’s he doing here? Sullivan looks to Annie.
26) 3) dialog: Oh Jesus, Mike-
35) 0) text: The bathroom is steamy. PETER has just got out of the tub Annie dries his hair with a towel. They are both laughing ANNIE hears something, looks up. The bathroom DOOR opens. A MAN wearing a balaclava stands the doorway. He’s holding a GUN. He Raises it. Annie shields the boy a SCREAMS . CLOSE: The man’s eyes. Blinking in fear. (CONTINUED )
66) 0) text: A Catholic priest, FATHER CALLAWAY, pray in Latin. WIDE SHOT: Two graves. Mourners. TWO CASKETS covered in flowers. The funeral of Annie and Peter. Camera moves closer: we see Aunt SARAH (Annie’s sister). ROONEY is there also, tears in his eyes. He stands with JIMMY, SEAN and other members of his staff. Further away: MAGUIRE is watching, dressed in black.
69) 1) text: A Sullivan family portrait - Annie and the kids together. Sullivan to one side, slightly detached. Michael and Peter aged five and four. Sullivan and Connor in their mid-teens, Rooney with his a round them. A middle aged WOMEN (Rooney’s wife) stands to one side. All are smiling. MAGUIRE stands on the landing staring at the photos.