12) 24) dialog: Hello.
12) 26) dialog: (not unfriendly) Remind me, which little Sullivan are you?
12) 28) dialog: Sir? You don’t have to call me sir. I’m not your Pa.
12) 30) dialog: Call me Connor. No, call me Uncle Connor. CONNOR turns away from him. MICHAEL looks at Rooney’s JAC on the back of the desk chair. Considers going to it, but too scared.
12) 31) dialog: What do you want?
12) 33) dialog: Why don’t you come back later, huh? I’m busy.
12) 52) dialog: (casually) Yeah, he’s fine. Just too much to drink. I’11 talk to him.
12) 54) dialog: No, Pa - I'll be fine.
12) 60) dialog: ‘Cause it’s all so fuckin’ hysterical. INT. SULLIVAN HOUSE - BOYS’ BEDROOM - NIGHT Michael sits in bed and uses a FLASHLIGHT to illuminate h reading. He quietly turns the page of his LONE RANGER COMIC BOOK. (N.B. These books have text on the left hand page, and a single, captioned cartoon on the right hand page] We see the page Michael reads: Plate 1: “Moonlight streamed into the room.” Suddenly, from his bed across the room, Peter whispers
18) 0) text: The car rolls out of the garage, into the rain. INT/EXT. SULLIVAN’S CAR - NIGHT The car pulls in outside the HOTEL FLORENCE. Sullivan loo out the window. CONNOR runs out the hotel and gets in the car, he sits in passenger seat. The car pulls away. 17.
18) 2) dialog: You want a shot? Connor offers a flask. Sullivan shakes “No”. Connor shrug and drinks. Sullivan can tell he’s already high. Then, Connor glances to the back of the car, sees SOMETHI The BLACK CASE.
18) 4) dialog: Sure. Connor lights a cigarette, crumples the empty pack, and tosses it over his shoulder.
18) 5) text: The BLACK CASE on the back seat. Suddenly, the lid of the seat lifts, and we realize MICHAEL IS INSIDE. He lifts the seat a couple of inches and peeks out at Sullivan and Connor in the front seat.
19) 2) text: INT. SULLIVAN’S CAR - UNDER SEAT - NIGHT Darkness. SOUND OF: the case being opened on the back seat. Mechani sounds. Metal locking together. Canister snapping onto gu Car door shuts. Michael, just visible, thinking. SOUND OF: The rain on the car roof. Slowly, Michael pulls himself out from the seat and looks the windshield: MICHAEL’S POV: Dark alley. Glass blurred by rain. Then... standing under a lamp over the back entrance to a WAREHOU he sees his father and Connor. Connor is knocking on the DOOR. Sullivan is holding a lon black OBJECT. Michael climbs into the front seat to see them better. Breaths too hard on the window and it fogs. Wipes it away Connor and Sullivan have gone. INT. SULLIVAN’S CAR (MINUTES LATER) Michael sits in the driver's seat. Keeping down, but watching the warehouse door. He makes a decision.
20) 3) dialog: .-.-don’t get me wrong, Finn. I feel for you. I do. But you can’t leta thing like that give you cause to go mouthing off. You and my dad go back many years. He’s a just man. (smiles sympathetically) So what do you say? McGovern glances beyond Connor’s shoulder at Sullivan, wh don’t see.
20) 5) dialog: (slightly more threatening) We can’t hear you!
20) 7) dialog: Good. Thank you. And I am sorry. I’m sorry for you loss. I’m sorry for this misunderstanding...and I’m sorry your brother was such a fuckin’ liar. Connor makes for the door. Two of McGovern’s men step out from the shadows. They are carrying RIFLES.
20) 13) dialog: Excuse me?
20) 15) dialog: Whoa... MICHAEL’S POV: Through his father’s legs he sees the men begin to raise their guns.
20) 17) dialog: Fuck should I know? D’you check his mattress? (CONTINUED )
20) 21) dialog: Look, there’s something immoral here, don’t you think so Mike? My beloved father throws your undeserving little brother the wake of his life and this is your thank you? What a hideous world this is.
20) 25) dialog: We’re outta here. Connor moves to the door. Sullivan is left standing.
20) 29) dialog: (pointing) There. Then Sullivan sees it. He runs to the door.
21) 8) dialog: Who's this? (starring at Michael) Is this one of yours?
21) 10) dialog: (calm sobriety) Can he keep a secret?
21) 12) dialog: Good enough for me. You take him home. I think I’1l walk. (beat. Puts his collar up) Perfect night for a stroll Connor steps from the doorway into the pouring rain. Sullivan watches him walk down the alley. Without turning back, Connor waves good night.
30) 0) text: A cheering crowd of boys encouraging a FIGHT. As we move closer we see that it’s MICHAEL fighting with another (bigger) boy. Michael punches and kicks wildly - complete out of control. INT. ROONEY’S MANSION - GRAND PARLOR - EARLY EVENING ROONEY sits at the head of the long table. CONNOR on his right. SULLIVAN, behind, in shadow. Rooney’s bodyguards SEAN and JIMMY stand at the door. Eight other MEN at the table: representatives of various of the business: Distilleries. Casinos. Brothels. Food, coffee, drinks on the table. It’s towards the end of a meeting. There is ONE EMPTY CHAIR at the table: the one FINN McGOV used to sit in. JACK KELLY, a man in his 50’s, smart suit, the family’s accountant and lawyer is in mid-speech:
30) 10) dialog: (from his chair) I'd like to apologize for what happened. Especially toy you, Pa - two wakes in a month, what can I say? Pause. Some laughter in the room. Rooney is furious.
30) 12) dialog: I'd like to apologize for-- Bang! Rooney slams his hand on the table.
30) 15) dialog: Gentlemen. My apologies. ON CONNOR: humiliated. An uncomfortable pause. Kelly, a decent man, lets Connor off the hook by moving on:
31) 1) dialog: Mike! Sullivan turns. Connor approaches him. He takes out a SEALED ENVELOPE.
31) 2) dialog: Dad forgot to give you this. Reminder for Tony Calvino. Sullivan takes the letter, puts it in his coat pocket.
31) 3) dialog: He’s light again.
31) 7) dialog: Nah. (slight smile) I’m under house arrest for a while. (beat) Look, I’m sorry about last night. I am. I was... you know. Beat.
38) 0) text: Michael stands in front of the door. The MAN suddenly APPEARS. Michael sees him through the glass. The MAN takes off his balaclava. It’s CONNOR He is looking AT MICHAEL. The boy freezes.
39) 0) text: CONNOR’s POV: He’s not staring at Michael, he is staring his own reflection in the glass of the door. He tries to compose himself. He pushes the door open... Michael is gone. Connor starts out -—
40) 0) text: -- and Michael is hiding behind the door. Connor doesn’t him. He takes out hi HIP FLASK, takes a huge swig. He is drunk already. He RUNS down the driveway. Michael stands in the darkness. He turns and goes thought the front door.
47) 0) text: Sullivan sits on the floor, against the wall, head in han in despair. The bathroom light is now OFF. Michael comes up the stairs, slowly. Stands at the top. Sullivan looks at him. Michael stares back. Pause. INT. CONNOR’S APARTMENT - HOTEL FLORENCE - NIGHT Rooney has entered Connor’s room and approaches him.
47) 1) dialog: Pa? I-I, I’m sorry. (beat) Well, he... would've talked. The kid would’ve talked.
47) 6) dialog: The kid would’ve talked. I’m sorry. Rooney starts hitting Connor, unable to verbalize or sati his rage - Connor whimpers and sobs, cowering from the bl
50) 0) text: Sullivan's car pulls up in the shadows outside Connor’s hotel. INT. SULLIVAN’S CAR - NIGHT Sullivan kills the engine. He goes to get out but Michael physically holds on to him, not letting him move.
52) 0) text: Sullivan gets to the second floor landing, looks in a win Sullivan forces the window open and silently climbs in. H reaches out to open a door. He expects it to be locked. The door swings slowly open. INT. CONNOR’S APARTMENT - HOTEL FLORENCE - NIGHT It’s CONNOR’s room. Sullivan enters, gun ready - but not ready for how he meets. In middle of the room he sees, not Connor, but JOE KELLY.
63) 0) text: Nitti enters form his office. Sitting there in an easy ch is...ROONEY. On another chair: CONNOR.
63) 2) dialog: Dad, listen to me. He’s in the building. You can end this now. You've got to take him now.
69) 1) text: A Sullivan family portrait - Annie and the kids together. Sullivan to one side, slightly detached. Michael and Peter aged five and four. Sullivan and Connor in their mid-teens, Rooney with his a round them. A middle aged WOMEN (Rooney’s wife) stands to one side. All are smiling. MAGUIRE stands on the landing staring at the photos.
88) 14) dialog: Come on. Come on. He paces the floor, phone in hand. INT. ROONEY’S STUDY - ROCK ISLAND - NIGHT Roony sits, troubled. The phone continues to ring. He doesn’t pick it up. INT. CONNOR’S ROOM - LEXINGTON HOTEL - NIGHT Connor waits. Still no answer. He slams down the phone, flings a side table to the floor INT. NITTI’S OFFICE - DAY NITTI is in his office, on the phone, outraged at what he hearing.
88) 18) dialog: (muffled, overlapping) Get... Get out of... Get out of my... Get out of my way! CONNOR bursts in, followed by HARRY.
88) 19) dialog: Where’s my father?
88) 21) dialog: Why is no one talking to me?
88) 23) dialog: I feel like a fucking prisoner.
88) 25) dialog: I can look after myself.
88) 27) dialog: Fuck you.
88) 29) dialog: You're being a little shortsighted, Frank. My father’s an old man. I am the future. So don’t you ever talk to me that way again. Connor storms out. Nitti shakes his head. (CONTINUED )
122) 0) text: Sullivan crosses the deserted lobby of the Lexington. CLOSE: Sullivan. Focused. He approaches MARCO, who stands by the elevators. But this time nothing is said. Marco simply presses the elevator button for him and steps aside. Sullivan walks into the elevator. The doors close. INT. LEXINGTON - UPPER CORRIDOR/INT. CONNOR’S ROOM - NIGH Sullivan exits the elevators. We follow him down the corridor. He reaches Connor’s room. Knocks. The door opens. It’s HARRY. He sees it’s Sullivan, and steps aside. Sullivan walks into the suite. Sullivan looks to Harry - Harry's eyes flick to the bathr (CONTINUED )