3) 0) text: Noise. Flaming torches. A group of righteous Puritans are protesting outside the tavern. Amongst their leaders is D John Hall (Susanna’s husband).
3) 1) dialog: Be not deceived! Neither drunkards, nor fornicators, nor idolaters, nor adulterers, shall inherit the kingdom of God. A messenger rushes up to a puritan who glances at the mes and then shares it with John Hall. Hall Knows he must lea
5) 4) dialog: A furnace. We must prepare ourselves for the worst. It is in God’s hands.
9) 2) dialog: I rejoice to see you safe Father in Law. We all do.
9) 4) dialog: God burned your theatre but spared you. Thus is he both wise and merciful. Perhaps this is offered as comfort but it doesn’t give an Will looks at John for a moment then stares once more int the fire. Remembering. Thinking. Anne breaks the silence.
9) 8) dialog: It doesn’t matter where he lived, or where he dies, all that matters is who will be his heir.
9) 10) dialog: Not if your sister gives hima grandson.
13) 15) dialog: Your father’s mind is on his legacy.
13) 17) dialog: And therefore must be yours. For I am your husband and what concerns me concerns you. John Hall gives Susanna a long and significant look.
17) 5) dialog: I must needs first answer nature’s call.
17) 14) dialog: I am happy that you have friends in the town Susanna. But kindly be discreet about it. Susanna reddens, there is a secret here. A group of giggling girls surround a handsome man, Tom Quiney. Quiney sees Judith and gives her a broad smile. S does not return it. The girls sneer, they don’t like Judi The Puritans don’t like Tom Quiney. The little congregati is a labyrinth of small town conflicts and alliances. We sense a story in every face, only some of them will we follow. The Vicar, Edward Woolmer enters. Music begins. 42 43 All Is True - Shooting Script 16.
18) 0) text: Will works in his garden. He makes slow but steady progre Now cutting shapes and tracks in the earth with knife and trowel. Messy and content. John Hall approaches.
18) 1) dialog: I joy to see you dig Sir. At last given up on your plays to distract the mob from our Lord. Will considers this for a moment. A lark sings.
18) 3) dialog: Of course not. It is evidence of God.
18) 5) dialog: I came to ask a favour Father in Law. But I am loath to distract a man from his labours. Will you call when you are done with your garden? Will nods. John departs.
20) 6) dialog: The reformation is but half completed Father in Law. The Vicar of Holy Trinity is a recalcitrant. It is intolerable.
21) 0) text: John Lane sullenly drinks his ale, crosses himself discre and leaves the Tavern. INT. HALL’S CROFT - DAY 48 John Hall and Will continue their conversation. All Is True - Shooting Script 18.
21) 1) dialog: You are an influential man. If you were to lend your voice to ours. Will considers.
28) 7) dialog: This slander will be answered!
28) 16) dialog: John Lane is a dangerous man. We can be sure he did not stage his attack without some idea of how to prove it. Beat. Will turns to Susanna.
28) 20) dialog: I mean that I fear he has constructed a convincing lie. Judith seems almost to revel in Susanna’s discomfort.
33) 13) dialog: I’m going to bed. Good night. He leaves. Susanna sad and alone.
35) 7) dialog: It will be either your womb or your sister’s which secures your father’s fortune. John stares at her. Then returns to reading his Bible. 93 94 95 All Is True - Shooting Script 35. INT. THE SHAKESPEARE’S LIVING ROOM - DAY 93 Judith confronting a shocked Anne and Will.
43) 3) dialog: Your sister has been seen in Thomas Quiney’s shop.
43) 5) dialog: She was not ordering wine. She was drinking it. With Quiney. She was inside for half an hour or more.
43) 7) dialog: They were quite public in their merry making. They went later together to the tavern.
43) 9) dialog: Sinning will not make her happy.
43) 11) dialog: That is a wicked thing to say. Remember your scripture.
43) 13) dialog: A reputation once lost can not be refound.
43) 15) dialog: Yours was not lost! It was defamed by a convicted drunkard and suspected Papist. Judith must drop this Quiney. He is debauched.
47) 0) text: John Hall enters. He approaches the Landlady.
47) 2) dialog: A cup of water if you please.
47) 4) dialog: Tom Quiney the Vintner drinks here does he not?
47) 6) dialog: I would have you tell me what company he has kept of late. What female company. Hall puts another couple of coins down.
48) 0) text: The congregation gathers. A merry scene as townsfolk go i the church. Quiney arrives with his brother, there is muc back slapping as they make their way in. Margaret Wheeler and her parents attend. She is heavily pregnant and ashamed that all pity her unmarried conditio Her father’s face shows angry defiance. INT. HOLY TRINITY CHURCH —- MORNING 131 Quiney enters. He sees that amongst the happy faces Marga sits grimly and tearfully at the back with her mother and father. Quiney catches Margaret's eye but he can not read face. Now Susanna and John Hall enter, John Hall sees Margaret and note that Quiney is looking at her.
51) 0) text: The happy throng emerge. Margaret (her head bowed in sham over her very pregnant body) slips away with her parents. John Hall follows them.
52) 0) text: John Hall is confronting Margaret and her parents.
52) 1) dialog: Who is the father girl?
52) 3) dialog: This house is blessed with a goodly abundance. Your silence has been bought. Margaret and her parents stare defiance at the two purita
56) 0) text: Margaret's screams reach a terrible crescendo. Then silen Her writhing body falls still. All know immediately that is gone. John Hall works feverishly at the limp body but no avail. 145 146 All Is True - Shooting Script 68.
56) 1) dialog: The child has departed with it’s mother. INT. THE SHAKESPEARE’S KITCHEN - DAY 145 A merry conversation is in progress. Judith and Quiney laughing with Will and Anne. Even Susanna laughs merrily. John Hall enters. Perhaps still blood splattered. Clearly something is wrong.
56) 2) dialog: Quiney. Margaret Wheeler has died in childbirth along with her baby. The child has no name. It will not enter heaven without one. Quiney knows what he must do.
57) 3) dialog: I take no pleasure in Judith’s distress Father in Law. Or yours. It grieves me.