9) 0) text: The Puritans still protest the tavern. Will walks past. The tavern protest continues. A man emerges from the Tave John Lane, a surly drunkard. He glances furiously at the Puritans and spits on the ground. They stare menacingly b
20) 2) dialog: Mercury Mrs. Hall?
20) 4) dialog: She said the parcel was for you. John Lane looks once more at the mercury and turns back t his drink. Susanna, begins furiously to gather up what is left of her parcel.
21) 0) text: John Lane sullenly drinks his ale, crosses himself discre and leaves the Tavern. INT. HALL’S CROFT - DAY 48 John Hall and Will continue their conversation. All Is True - Shooting Script 18.
23) 0) text: Susanna is emerging from the Haberdashers. John Lane watc Across the street Quiney in his wine shop has also seen. a small town. Everybody knows everybody. Secrets are hard hide.
24) 0) text: Rafe Smith’s Haberdashery. Susanna steals through the sha and up to the door. Smith lets her in. John Lane is watch
28) 4) dialog: Are they Mr. Woolmer! Are they? Or are they fornicators! General shock
28) 5) dialog: There is wickedness in this church Mr. Woolmer! Puritan wickedness. He points at Susanna.
28) 6) dialog: I have seen Susanna Hall creep from her husband’s house to Rafe Smith’s chamber in the night! Card: In the summer of 1613 John Lane, yeoman of Stratfor publicly accused Shakespeare’s elder daughter Susanna of infidelity with Rafe Smith the Haberdasher. Susanna mortified. Will stunned. The congregation in upro etc. John Hall leaps to his feet.
28) 8) dialog: This slander will be proved! You'll no more tell us how best to save our souls Doctor Hall. Not while your Puritan wives fornicate worse than whores and then send to London for Mercury to physic what they got of it! Card: John Lane compounded his charge by stating that Sus had contracted Gonorrhea. The tumult grows.
30) 0) text: A packed court full of gawping towns folk. The Shakespear family enter. Some snigger, some snarl. The Puritan eleme are tight lipped between shame and righteous anger. CARD: The trial of John Lane for the slander of Susanna Shakespeare was convened at The Consistory Court, Worcest
31) 0) text: Flashback. Will has met John Lane.
31) 1) dialog: What do I know of plays? Get away from me. I shall see you and your whore daughter in Court.
33) 0) text: Flashback. Will still talks with John Lane who is pretty scared.
33) 3) dialog: Susanna?