44) 0) text: The hustle and bustle of a tiny market town. Quiney and Judith walk together. She is still sombre and serious but buys her a piece of fruit from a stall, maybe even juggle some? He wins a smile. The first we have seen! Margaret Wheeler is watching. She is both sad and bitter. Quiney sees her but manages to prevent Judith doing so.
46) 0) text: A poor lodging in a near by village. Quiney is visiting. Margaret Wheeler (who we saw him with at the church). She sits with her parents.
46) 2) dialog: Because of Judith Shakespeare?
46) 8) dialog: I’m certain... I think... I believe it’s yours Tom. Honestly I do. Quiney is not a bad man. He and Margaret have been friend
48) 0) text: The congregation gathers. A merry scene as townsfolk go i the church. Quiney arrives with his brother, there is muc back slapping as they make their way in. Margaret Wheeler and her parents attend. She is heavily pregnant and ashamed that all pity her unmarried conditio Her father’s face shows angry defiance. INT. HOLY TRINITY CHURCH —- MORNING 131 Quiney enters. He sees that amongst the happy faces Marga sits grimly and tearfully at the back with her mother and father. Quiney catches Margaret's eye but he can not read face. Now Susanna and John Hall enter, John Hall sees Margaret and note that Quiney is looking at her.
51) 0) text: The happy throng emerge. Margaret (her head bowed in sham over her very pregnant body) slips away with her parents. John Hall follows them.
52) 0) text: John Hall is confronting Margaret and her parents.
52) 2) dialog: I will not tell. John Hall glances at the well stocked shelves. Wine. Food pile of what are clearly new blankets and sheets.
54) 0) text: Margaret is in labour. It’s a bad one. She’s screaming. H mother is trying to help but gives up.
55) 0) text: Margaret is screaming, the baby is not coming. Dr Hall is doing what he can but he knows it’s desperate. He takes t grim forceps from his bag. INT. THE SHAKESPEARE’S KITCHEN - DAY 143 Susanna has joined the family gathering.
56) 0) text: Margaret's screams reach a terrible crescendo. Then silen Her writhing body falls still. All know immediately that is gone. John Hall works feverishly at the limp body but no avail. 145 146 All Is True - Shooting Script 68.
57) 0) text: Margaret's parents are burying their daughter and grandch Tom Quiney and Judith are also there and stand some way apart. Judith with her hand on her own belly lost ina confusion of thoughts. The service ends. The parents turn to walk away. They pau before Quiney and Judith.