17) 12) dialog: Ah Shakespeare! Another Sunday and still you occupy your family pew. I pray that you are never obliged to vacate it. As your Father was. This cuts.
28) 10) dialog: Well well Sir. You Shakespeare's are never far from a scandal are you? Will is mortified. Sir Thomas glances at Susanna.
28) 11) dialog: I suppose she gets it from her Grandfather. Fixed the price of Wool didn’t he? Bad business. And illegal money lending to boot! Goodness! He was a busy fellow. No wonder they chucked him off the council. Will who is pretty dumb struck. Anne however hit’s back.
38) 37) dialog: Ah Shakespeare. I heard word of your distinguished visitor. My men tell me that he is even now approaching the town. Of course you will introduce me. Will taken aback. He hadn’t expected this. Anne assumes h will tell Lucy to mind his own business, but Will buckles superior rank and says nothing.
38) 38) dialog: I shall suggest he comes on to Charlecote to take his ease. (MORE )
38) 40) dialog: Bit more what he’s used to. Naturally I shall ask that you join us... (glancing at Anne) Just you I think. We shouldn’t wish to tire his Grace. Clattering horses are heard.
38) 42) dialog: Welcome to Stratford Upon Avon Your Grace. The very impressive Earl of Southampton eyes Lucy.
38) 44) dialog: Sir Thomas Lucy of Charlecote Manor your Grace and Member of Parliament for this district. May I have the honour of introducing my wife....
38) 46) dialog: Well I...
38) 48) dialog: Oh no Your Grace I thought only to invite you to...
59) 0) text: Will is walking in the High Street, still in smart clothe but looking older and sadder. He is no longer greeted wit respect, instead he gets smirks or looks of sympathy, he catches people pointing. Sir Thomas Lucy walks by.
59) 1) dialog: Well well Mr. Shakespeare. How very unfortunate. Seems your daughter’s wedding was rushed for a reason. Like your own eh? The apple doesn’t fall far from the tree. Damn me you Shakespeare’s are a scandalous lot eh? Perhaps being an illiterate farm girl your wife was unable to teach your girls morals. Well well. Must be getting on. Can’t loll about thinking pretty thoughts all day like you poets. I must to business. Lucy is about to walk on. Will stops him.
59) 3) dialog: Yes yes business. A large estate like Charlecote Manor doesn’t run itself ye’ know.