5) 0) text: THE 30 or so ELDERLY OPERA SINGERS of Beecham House taking their seats, including OCTAVIA, in a wheelchair, aided by SHERYL. Some hold scores. Among them REGGIE, CISSY, WILF, GEORGE and HARRY. Some musicians carry their instruments - TONY ROSE, 70’s trumpet and DAVE TRUBECK, 70's pianist, DAPHNE MORGAN, 60's, harpist, LEO CASSEL, cellist, and CEDRIC. DR. LUCY COGAN, 30's, attractive, sits on the side, with ANNE LANGLEY. CEDRIC, seated on a throne-like chair, nods to BOBBY. All on BOBBY. He taps a pencil, raises it, nods to LETITIA. FELICITY, beside her, nervous, as she prepares to turn t pages. LETITIA plays the introduction to the Brindisi. BOBBY cue the chorus. No-one sings. Some RESIDENTS are amused, othe confused. BOBBY whispers to LETITIA. Watching, eyes narrowed, CEDRIC, not happy. BOBBY again cues the residents and they begin to sing. They give it their all. During this, FELICITY fumbles turning a page. LETITIA, irritated, nods repeatedly. FELICITY recovers. At the end, BOBBY finishes with a flourish, then turns to CEDRIC. All look at him expectantly. He keeps them waiting, then:
9) 0) text: WILF, on the chair lift, holding a remote control, descends slowly while humming. He sees a dazzling bunch of garden flowers being arranged in a vase by DR. COGAN. DAPHNE is helping.
9) 2) dialog: Really Wilf, haven’t you noticed that we’ve had to cut down on staff in the last few months?
9) 4) dialog: (amused) You're overstepping the line, Wilf. 15
9) 6) dialog: Go for your walk, Wilfred.
9) 8) dialog: Go for your walk.
9) 10) dialog: (continues arranging flowers) Do your best.
9) 13) dialog: You don’t have a lapel, Wilf.
9) 15) dialog: Go for your walk, Wilf.
15) 0) text: As DR. COGAN and SIMON wait, the people carrier comes to a halt at the entrance. DR. COGAN helping JEAN to alight. TADEK and SIMON, unload her trunk and many suitcases. In the driveway, a lorry is picking up laundry in sacks. JEAN sees them being loaded. CISSY’S VOICE (barely audible) Heavens above -
16) 0) text: DR. COGAN escorts JEAN through the front door. They start to walk through the empty large room. She is unhappy, embattled. JEAN looks up at A LARGE PAINTING of Sir Thomas Beecham.
16) 1) dialog: That's Sir Thomas Beecham. One of Britain’s great conductors. The house is named after him.
16) 3) dialog: (patiently) It is not a nursing home. It is an exclusive, private retirement home. DR. COGAN opens the second door to the MAIN HALL and JEAN limps through it. They pause at the flowers.
16) 4) dialog: These are to welcome you. I'll have them sent up to your room later. We're very honoured to have you. You have a lovely room. Our largest. In what we call the “BY Wing -
16) 6) dialog: (smiles uncertainly) The service lift is being repaired - (indicates with her hand) - but you can take the chair lift, it’ll be easier for you.
17) 39) dialog: Jean Horton was such a big star. She didn’t want media attention. Nor did we -
17) 41) dialog: (gently) It had nothing to do with you, Reginald. It was simply at her request.
17) 43) dialog: Yes.
17) 45) dialog: Reginald, I’m sure she -
17) 47) dialog: Aren’t you giving a talk to the school children tomorrow? 31
17) 49) dialog: Your talks are so valuable, Reggie. These children have never been to an opera -
18) 6) dialog: Wilf, have you seen Reginald?
18) 8) dialog: (turns toward the terrace) Who’s smoking?
18) 10) dialog: I don’t know how many times I’ve told them, smoking kills!
18) 12) dialog: (smiles ) You're a bad influence, Wilfred. DR. COGAN shakes her head, turns and walks away as WILF watches her.
18) 14) dialog: I didn’t give you the first one.
20) 0) text: Dim light. DR. COGAN comes along the corridor, sees a light under a door, knocks gently and opens the door.
21) 0) text: JEAN is kneeling, trying to fit the plug of the record player into a socket on the skirting board. She puts on h glasses. In the suitcase beside her, a pile of LPs - we barely make out the titles - JEAN HORTON’S GREATEST ARIAS and THE BEST OF JEAN HORTON, others. She hears the knock, hurriedly closes the suitcase, takes off her glasses, tries to rise, but can’t. She winces in pain as DR COGAN looks in.
21) 1) dialog: (a little alarmed, hesitant to help) Are you all right? (MORE )
21) 3) dialog: (a withering stare from JEAN; gently) Isn't this room lovely?
21) 5) dialog: You've had a long day. You might want to retire early.
21) 7) dialog: We don’t usually serve the residents in their rooms.
21) 9) dialog: I hope you feel better soon. DR. COGAN turns and walks out. JEAN struggles to get up and finally sits by the window, exhausted.
22) 0) text: DR. COGAN comes to a door. No light showing. On the door, a small brass plaque of the type used on dressing room doors with the name:
26) 3) dialog: Yes, he asked if he could use the computer. He’s in my office. INT. ENTRANCE HALL - OUTSIDE DR. COGAN’S OFFICE - MORNING WILF knocks and opens the door. He sees REGGIE inside at the computer. INT. DR. COGAN’S OFFICE - MORNING
32) 0) text: We are on the faces of the school children. They have bee asked a question by REGGIE, and are shy, or reluctant to answer. They are from a variety of ethnic backgrounds. So surreptitiously fiddle with their mobile phones. REGGIE stands before them. A nearby upright piano against the wall. In the back we see DR. COGAN sitting with OCTAVIA in her wheelchair.
44) 0) text: WILF walks into the greenhouse, is about to put the bottle and cups back into their hiding place. Stops and sees DR. COGAN between costumes, on the far side of the greenhouse, sitting and smoking. She turns. They look at each other. Overlap GEORGE and HARRY singing “Underneath the Arches.”
52) 0) text: DAVE, at the piano, playing DeBussy’s “Girl with the Flax Hair.” ANGELIQUE, cleaning. RESIDENTS seated around the r listening. Among them, TONY, who takes his trumpet out of case, putting in a mute. He approaches the piano and begi to accompany DAVE. The classical song turns into a jazz r ANGELIQUE runs out of the COMMON ROOM - brings back with DR. COGAN. They greatly enjoy this special event. 60
58) 0) text: DR. COGAN is seated at her desk, leaning back in her chair. WILF seated.
58) 2) dialog: Exactly what do you propose?
58) 4) dialog: Four?
58) 6) dialog: What’s wrong with Tadek.
58) 8) dialog: (writing it down) In by ten-thirty. No later.
58) 10) dialog: No. 68
58) 12) dialog: Yes.
58) 14) dialog: Twelve-thirty. No later.
58) 16) dialog: And please, call me Dr. Cogan.
58) 18) dialog: Why is it, Wilfred, that I always have the impression you're up to no good?
58) 20) dialog: What’s the second favour?
58) 22) dialog: I‘ll pick the lesser of two evils. You want to call me Lucy.
58) 24) dialog: I'm not sure I want those in my care to become too familiar.
58) 26) dialog: Why do you persist in flirting with me?
58) 28) dialog: (starts to rise) I'm flattered, but I have professional ethics to uphold.
58) 30) dialog: (ushering him to the door) That is reassuring, Wilf.
58) 32) dialog: No, Wilf.
58) 34) dialog: No, Wilf. WILF, at the door, takes the hint.
58) 36) dialog: But I will know, Wilf.
58) 38) dialog: Did you say seasoned wood? WILF smiles. 70 Overlap, from a MUSIC ROOM, a muted trumpet (TONY ROSE) practicing the quartet from Rigoletto.
67) 2) dialog: I just want to say that it seems Olly isn’t well...it’s his recurring condition. But he will be checked and he’s going to be fine. People in the room look at each other. Focus on WILF, REGGIE and CISSY, who starts to put her earphones on. As DR. COGAN leaves we hear - HARRY’S VOICE Tell me, what are you doing in London?
72) 9) dialog: I hope you haven't let them stay too long, Sheryl-
72) 12) dialog: Yes, of course. Just a little shocked, that's all. We'll keep her overnight.
72) 16) dialog: She needs her sleep. Come back tomorrow.
84) 0) text: The audience continues to settle in. DR. COGAN greets some of the visitors.
86) 3) dialog: Ladies and gentlemen- (a hush) Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to Beecham House and our annual Gala in honour of Giuseppe Verdi. And today, we celebrate his hundredth birthday. First, I would like to express our debt of gratitude to the amazing Mr. Cedric Livingstone for organising the event. Applause. CEDRIC makes his entrance to his seat and acknowledges the applause graciously.
86) 6) dialog: This year, in aid of our rebuilding programme, you have all responded so generously and we thank you for that with all our hearts. And, I, too, would like to thank all those taking part in the Gala itself. The preparations and rehearsals have kept everyone busy and excited for the past few months. 97
86) 7) dialog: I, and all my staff, feel highly privileged to have in our care such talented people, gifted musicians who seem to find renewed energy when they anticipate performing before an audience. It keeps them young.
86) 9) dialog: And just let me say something else on behalf of everyone working in Beecham House. We owe those in our charge an enormous debt. They inspire us. Yes, their love of life is infectious and gives us all faith in the future. I mean that. Now. I know many of you are eagerly awaiting our star turn this evening who has proved such an attraction but about whom I will say no more. Applause and murmurs.
86) 10) dialog: Thank you and I hope you have - I’m sure you will have an enjoyable afternoon. She takes her seat as LETITIA and FELICITY enter. CEDRIC ostentatiously starts the applause. LETITIA sits at the piano, FELICITY beside her to turn the pages. The audience begin to settle.