3) 0) text: REGINALD (REGGIE) PAGET, 70's, tenor, trim, fit, half-moo glasses on the end of his nose, holds the score, vocalisi while standing in front of a mirror adjusting his cravat. MUSIC continues - INT. OLLY FISHER’S ROOM - EARLY MORNING OLLY FISHER, 70's, clarinettist. He tightens a reed onto mouthpiece, practices a phrase, grimaces. OLLY stops mid- phrase. ORCHESTRATION halts. Silence. He inhales and exha with great concentration. Overlap NOBBY chatter -
5) 0) text: THE 30 or so ELDERLY OPERA SINGERS of Beecham House taking their seats, including OCTAVIA, in a wheelchair, aided by SHERYL. Some hold scores. Among them REGGIE, CISSY, WILF, GEORGE and HARRY. Some musicians carry their instruments - TONY ROSE, 70’s trumpet and DAVE TRUBECK, 70's pianist, DAPHNE MORGAN, 60's, harpist, LEO CASSEL, cellist, and CEDRIC. DR. LUCY COGAN, 30's, attractive, sits on the side, with ANNE LANGLEY. CEDRIC, seated on a throne-like chair, nods to BOBBY. All on BOBBY. He taps a pencil, raises it, nods to LETITIA. FELICITY, beside her, nervous, as she prepares to turn t pages. LETITIA plays the introduction to the Brindisi. BOBBY cue the chorus. No-one sings. Some RESIDENTS are amused, othe confused. BOBBY whispers to LETITIA. Watching, eyes narrowed, CEDRIC, not happy. BOBBY again cues the residents and they begin to sing. They give it their all. During this, FELICITY fumbles turning a page. LETITIA, irritated, nods repeatedly. FELICITY recovers. At the end, BOBBY finishes with a flourish, then turns to CEDRIC. All look at him expectantly. He keeps them waiting, then:
5) 13) dialog: (CEDRIC gives them a hard look) Yes, six weeks, three days -
5) 15) dialog: Give or take a minute -
5) 22) dialog: I’ll set the alarm. As REGGIE sets his watch, OCTAVIA starts to sing. Her voi is remarkably strong but at one point, she forgets the words, and substitutes “Dee-dee-dee-dee.” She stops, embarrassed. The other singers remain respectful.
6) 4) dialog: (pulls back) You may be on stage the entire time, but you're not actually singing, you're just standing in the back. HARRY begins to argue back and REGGIE overrides him. REGGIE (CONT’D) (indicates people at his table) Why now, Harry? We’ve been sitting at this table for as long as I’ve been here. WILF has entered the dining room, supported by his cane, waving to others as he goes toward his table.
6) 26) dialog: (turns to CEDRIC) Cedric, it’s breakfast time. CEDRIC motions towards CISSY’s back. He rotates his finge indicating CISSY is unbalanced.
6) 33) dialog: (to CISSY) Tadek setting off to fetch the new arrival.
6) 42) dialog: Wilf, please. Concerned that it will offend CISSY, REGGIE looks at her. But to his dismay, CISSY is smiling, enjoying WILF’S story.
6) 44) dialog: Please, I’m eating my breakfast.
6) 46) dialog: Willllf!! CISSY sees NOBBY in the garden. WILF notices CISSY watchi NOBBY.
6) 48) dialog: (resigned) I give up. 11
7) 0) text: Breakfast over, the residents continue to make their way slowly out of the dining room. The maids continue to clea while NIGEL, on his way out, passes WILF and REGGIE who a getting up from the table.
12) 0) text: On the terrace, tables and chairs under parasols. Residents reading, TONY and DAVE are playing a game of draughts. REGGIE sits at a table in a shaded corner, writing, preparing his lecture - A BIOGRAPHY OF VERDI and The Telegraph are on the table next to him. CISSY, seated next to REGGIE, listens to her CD while watching TWO LITTLE GIRLS (one of them is ESME) and a BOY playing on the grass. LETITIA, sitting on the other side of the terrace, with her DAUGHTER, chat while watching their kids. WILF approaches, goes to sit next to REGGIE and CISSY. REGGIE glances up and continues writing.
12) 2) dialog: (writing) And do you? 18
12) 4) dialog: You need to see a psychiatrist.
12) 14) dialog: Were. (taps his watch) Cissy, the gala committee.
12) 16) dialog: (to WILF) Royal Opera House, Nineteen- Sixty - whatever it was, Covent Garden. Do you remember, Wilf?
12) 20) dialog: Her father was Indian army.
12) 22) dialog: (quietly) Yes. 20 WILF bends down to pick up the CD cover, but ends up sitting on the ground. He looks at the CD cover. REGGIE (CONT’D) (still reading and making notes) I’m glad they’ve reissued it. We might get royalties. WILF tries vainly to get up.
12) 26) dialog: (quietly) - fucking apricot jam, that’s what you had.
12) 28) dialog: Have you listened to it?
12) 30) dialog: No, no way, Wilf. No way.
12) 36) dialog: Why? Rap is not music.
17) 1) dialog: (lining up his next shot, turns to WILF) What about (names a part in an opera)? Just in time, REGGIE sees WILF’S foot move his own ball towards the hoop for an easier shot. REGGIE (CONT’D) (off-hand, not taking his eye off his ball) You just moved your ball.
17) 3) dialog: I saw you -—
17) 5) dialog: I clearly just saw you move it - WILF has been watching an attractive female visitor walki by with her husband.
17) 7) dialog: Precisely. Wilf, she’s married.
17) 9) dialog: (lining up his shot) We could always do “The Barber,” you, Cissy, and I, for the Gala. That would draw the crowds.
17) 11) dialog: (aiming) I always wanted to sing Wagner. Tristan. Just once. But it never came my way. Too many parts, too little time. (looks at WILF) Stand back. You’re obscuring my line.
17) 13) dialog: (melodramatic) Oh yes, I will.
17) 16) dialog: You were in the way.
17) 18) dialog: Were!
17) 20) dialog: (looks at WILF behind the tree) What are you doing now? 28
17) 25) dialog: Famous soprano beginning with G. Mary Garden -
17) 27) dialog: Galli-Curci -
17) 34) dialog: You all right, old son? REGGIE is frozen. No response.
17) 38) dialog: (furious) ...that’s why you kept it such a secret. You didn’t want me to know. It’s intolerable. I should have been consulted, Dr. Cogan. I should have been warned. 30
17) 40) dialog: She didn’t want? Always, always, always what she wants - nothing changes.
17) 42) dialog: She did know that I live here?
17) 44) dialog: She knew. (Beat) It's been so calm here. So agreeable. (DR. COGAN listens sympathetically as REGGIE rails on) Do you know what I wanted? I wanted a dignified senility. I scrimped and saved - repaired my own clothes, had only one glass of red wine a day. One! My only indulgence was to buy from time to time my favourite cologne. And why? So that I could afford without charity a decent room of my own in this house. And now she’s here. (moving toward the door) I shall have to find somewhere else to live.
17) 46) dialog: You don’t know her! REGGIE opens the door to leave.
17) 48) dialog: (resigned, as he’s leaving) Dear God -
23) 0) text: REGGIE, a silhouette, stands on the terrace of his room, gazing at a lighted window in the “B” Wing. He can just m out JEAN seated in a chair. From REGGIE, we move on to LEO in his room.
25) 0) text: WILF taps lightly on REGGIE'S door. No answer. He cracks the door open, looks and walks in. He sees no one there. WILF leaves and closes the door. Walks away.
26) 5) dialog: I don’t wish to be disturbed. I’m working.
26) 7) dialog: I’m preparing my talk. Please close the door when you leave. WILF looks at REGGIE then walks out, closing the door. ON THE COMPUTER SCREEN: Rap information.
32) 0) text: We are on the faces of the school children. They have bee asked a question by REGGIE, and are shy, or reluctant to answer. They are from a variety of ethnic backgrounds. So surreptitiously fiddle with their mobile phones. REGGIE stands before them. A nearby upright piano against the wall. In the back we see DR. COGAN sitting with OCTAVIA in her wheelchair.
32) 1) dialog: Come on, don’t be shy - Eventually, A GIRL puts her hand up.
32) 3) dialog: Lady Gaga, sounds like someone I know - From the group, A MALE TEENAGER, hip-hop-ish, JOEY, looki at his mobile phone -
32) 4) dialog: So what about you?
32) 8) dialog: Is hip hop like rap?
32) 10) dialog: (looking at JOEY) Help me out here, tell me what’s rap? At the door, in the SMALL MUSIC ROOM, CISSY starts to ope it. JEAN, consternated, holds her back.
32) 16) dialog: Go on! Continue!
32) 18) dialog: What you're feeling. Now, they share a look - his friends push him to stand up
32) 22) dialog: What does “po-po” mean?
32) 24) dialog: And jake tops?
32) 26) dialog: Anybody else?
32) 28) dialog: That’s opera! Originally people just like yourselves went to see Opera. But then the rich came along and made it something that it’s not. So what is it then? Someone said, ‘Opera is when a guy is stabbed in the back and while he’s bleeding, he sings.' (some school children laugh; ) Rap is when a guy gets stabbed in the back and while he’s bleeding, he talks - rhythmically and emotionally, but because rap is spoken the emotion is held in check. It’s on one note. (MORE)
32) 30) dialog: ‘Why should we listen to some old fart, giving us shit about his art.’ In Opera, however, we sing our feelings to the rise and fall of the music. The song sets our emotions free. OPERA
32) 33) dialog: Well, we have athletes here as well. Let me introduce you to the wonderful Octavia. She’1ll be joining us for this next part. (points to the rappers) You gentlemen, stand up, pick a note, sing it, and hold it for as long as you can and as loudly as you can. Octavia, will do the same. Ready? One..two..three..Go! The three school children and OCTAVIA sing their notes. T peter out at around ten seconds. OCTAVIA keeps going on a When she finally stops -
32) 35) dialog: What you’ve witnessed is the strength and athleticism of an Opera singer. The people who live here have the superhuman effort it takes to deliver the goods, to breathe, yes, to hold a note — (gestures to OCTAVIA) - like the one Octavia just sang - (distracted by the door opening a crack; irritated) Who is that? CISSY widens the door to include her and JEAN. Smiles.
32) 37) dialog: The heroines, sopranos - those are the ladies with the highest voices - they sing a repetitive theme that’s in all opera. Infidelity. Infidelity. Infidelity. As the Duke sings in Rigoletto - REGGIE looks again at the door. It’s empty. He stares at
32) 38) dialog: (disconcerted) ‘La donna é mobile qual plumo al vento’. Women are as fickle as a feather in the wind.’
33) 0) text: WILF is playing draughts with GEORGE, while HARRY watches. WILF sees REGGIE on the lawn walk by.
36) 0) text: REGGIE, alone, staring out into the landscape, observing a deer. WILF’S VOICE (whispering) ‘Tis I. REGGIE half turns as WILF joins him. 47
36) 2) dialog: I don’t want to talk.
36) 4) dialog: I really can do without this at my time of life.
36) 6) dialog: (quietly) No. WILF produces the whiskey and two plastic cups.
38) 0) text: REGGIE and WILF are sitting inside holding plastic cups containing whiskey. They have been drinking for awhile. REGGIE is in the process of refilling his.
38) 2) dialog: .--and in that way, we’re not the same. I’m not like you, Wilf. I positively liked getting old. Physical decay has seemed natural and inescapable. I think I can say I've welcomed the inevitable cheerfully. I’ve made the transition from opera star to old fart with aplomb (beat) Then Jean arrives...
38) 4) dialog: Of course she was. She was more ambitious than all of us.
38) 6) dialog: What can you know about it? 50
38) 8) dialog: Yes, and then you were married to the same woman for thirty thousand years. Call me old fashioned but did she know how often you were unfaithful to her?
38) 17) dialog: I’m not upset - to walk.
38) 19) dialog: Ninety-seven. 52
40) 0) text: REGGIE walking.
43) 0) text: She looks inside, goes in, looking about. At the other en she sees REGGIE silhouetted behind a lattice screen.
43) 2) dialog: (vehement ) No, you may not.
43) 4) dialog: Just leave me in peace, Jean -
43) 6) dialog: For Christ's sake, just leave me in peace! Leave! Leave!
43) 8) dialog: I said leave! Emotional, about to leave, doesn’t. She sits at the edge a pew. From afar, the strains of the Haydn quartet. REGGIE finally walks over to her, stands a short distance away. After a long pause, he relents, and hands her a spotless white handkerchief. She dabs at her eyes and nos
43) 10) dialog: I can't ever remember you crying.
43) 12) dialog: I haven't. I was simply trying to avoid you.
43) 14) dialog: Your mother knew all about hiding her feelings. It was easy for her. She didn't have any.
43) 16) dialog: I liked your father. When he heard that you'd left me, he telephoned and said, ‘Sorry, old chap, but count your blessings. I'm still married to her mother.’ REGGIE moves towards the door. Brief pause.
43) 18) dialog: (close to the door) You've said it before. You're repeating yourself.
43) 20) dialog: Because that’s what people do. A brief silence.
43) 24) dialog: (at door, interrupting) Jean, I don't want to talk about it. I don’t want to re-live ancient history. You're here. I'm here. Trapped. That's all there is to it. Silence but for the distant music.
43) 26) dialog: There’s always the cliché button. The one that says, 'Grin and bear it.'
53) 0) text: REGGIE, reading Rilke’s “Letters to a Young Poet,”, looks and sees JEAN standing above him.
54) 0) text: On the backs of REGGIE and JEAN sitting on a bench. They appear to be watching the string quartet rehearsing the Menuetto in patterns of sun and shadow. A summer idyll. Angle, from the front, JEAN is actually contemplating the answer to a question REGGIE has asked.
54) 4) dialog: No, I didn’t want to anymore.
54) 6) dialog: Yes.
54) 8) dialog: Yes.
54) 10) dialog: Yes.
54) 12) dialog: My darling George died.
54) 14) dialog: My dog - all of a sudden I felt lonely. The STRING QUARTET stops playing and a spat develops betw them. JEAN and REGGIE watch, amused.
55) 0) text: REGGIE and JEAN, walking.
55) 2) dialog: (a little acid) Really? I’m surprised the media still has any interest in you.
55) 4) dialog: (zings her) And now you’re here - scary. JEAN gives REGGIE an elbow.
55) 5) dialog: ow.
55) 7) dialog: If I need to tire myself, I think about art. And if I need to exhaust myself, I think about life. But art - He suddenly breaks off, catching sight of someone through the trees. He turns vicious, hissing.
55) 9) dialog: Bitch! (JEAN is alarmed) See her? See her, there she goes, Angelique, see her? See her? (not shouting, but loud) Bitch, cow, sodding frog! oblivious, some distance off, wanders on through in and out of dappled light, towards the glade.
55) 10) dialog: She won't give me marmalade at breakfast. She gives me apricot jam.
55) 12) dialog: But Wilf loves it, she does it deliberately. (a little louder) Bitch! Cow! Skinny-arse French twat! (without pause turns back to JEAN as if nothing has interrupted him) Art is my chief preoccupation, Jean, its meaning, its significance, its ability to educate and enthrall, to inspire and civilise. REGGIE takes a book from his jacket pocket.
55) 14) dialog: (smiles) Yes, I do a lot of reading. You might want to look at this. He turns to a page. She takes the book and begins to read
56) 0) text: From the outside: FELICITY accompanying NIGEL doing “Tit- Willow.” After a few phrases, camera pans over to the SMA MUSIC ROOM. Seated are CEDRIC, CISSY and REGGIE. Though w hear, CEDRIC is talking to them while WILF closes the doo
56) 8) dialog: I’m not sure I want to sing with Jean again.
56) 11) dialog: No- Cissy, leave it out. No, I don’t want to.
56) 16) dialog: (looks at WILF, says wryly) Well, money has always driven art. He takes out his notebook and pen.
56) 18) dialog: (as he’s writing) Count Kaiserling commissioned the Goldberg Variations. Culture wasn't spread by artists but by merchants - (hands the note to CISSY) It’s to save Beecham House.
57) 0) text: JEAN sits in fading light reading REGGIE’S book by Rilke. Suddenly, the door opens, CISSY darts in, puts the folded note on a table and disappears. Intrigued, JEAN rises, goes over to the door. She unfolds the note and reads. She is puzzled and suspicious.
59) 0) text: WILF and CISSY, dressed for the occasion but in clothes a little out of date. REGGIE, also very smart, on the look-out. All three are pleasurably excited.
59) 4) dialog: (hissing) She's coming - Here she is. (resolve weakening) Oh God, I don't know why I agreed to this - JEAN emerges on the landing also smartly dressed for the evening.
59) 5) dialog: (to WILF, sotto voce) She looks - fairly all rightish. As JEAN walks to the top of the stairs.
61) 0) text: LARS, 40's, Danish male, leads JEAN, REGGIE, WILF and CISSY through the dining area, crowded with patrons. The quartet seems out of place, dressed in the fashion of the 70's. As LARS leads them to their table.
61) 10) dialog: (jumping in) “La donna @ mobile qual plumo al vento.” Women are as fickle as a feather in the wind.
61) 12) dialog: (he sips wine) That’s why I never sang it again. I took twelve curtain calls.
61) 14) dialog: Who’s counting? JEAN eyes him, eating and drinking. WILF refills her glass, but JEAN remains stone cold sober. The others do not. 73
61) 16) dialog: Now you're doing it again.
61) 18) dialog: (rather tiddly) Repeating yourself. But what's it matter? In opera, we repeat ourselves all the time, repeat, repeat, repeat ourselves-— (WILF joins in) -ourselves, ourselves, (in Italian) - ci ripetiamo, ci ripetiamo, continuamente -
61) 25) dialog: (in Italian) - il quartetto dal Rigoletto. 74 They smile crookedly. Expressionless, JEAN looks shocked. Pause.
61) 28) dialog: It’s a great honour, Jean.
63) 0) text: After a moment, WILF, REGGIE and CISSY begin to walk unst through the restaurant. WILF tries to pick a flower from and ends up toppling the vase, spilling the water. led WILF (walking away) I think I spilled, WILF goes to leave, CISSY is ahead. They pass a televisio the bar. CISSY continues on but something catches WILF an REGGIE'S eyes and they stop: A RAP GROUP singing but ther of course, no sound. WILF (CONT’D) What d'you think they're singing, Reg? After a moment:
63) 1) dialog: Il quartetto da Rigoletto. Angle from the back of WILF and REGGIE - we see WILF is gesturing, imitating the rap group.
64) 0) text: JEAN stares through the van window as WILF and REGGIE sta to stagger out of the restaurant.
64) 2) dialog: (gestures with his arm, but much lower) He can still get it up - but not so high. 1 eed (laughing) Yo, yo, oh so high. 76
64) 4) dialog: (laughing) Yo, yo, yo, not so high. WILF, REGGIE and CISSY stagger to the people carrier and get in.
65) 0) text: JEAN sits on the right side, staring out of the window. On the left side, REGGIE is staring out of his window, trying to stay awake. WILF and CISSY are asleep.
72) 0) text: A dimly lit room. Empty beds except for one that has screens partially concealing the patient. SHERYL, the nurse, in attendance. CIsSsy, in bed, subdued, but smiling bravely. REGGIE and WILF sit either side.
72) 2) dialog: (quietly) Jean always means it.
72) 4) dialog: Do you feel up to telling us what happened? SHERYL comes to her bedside and takes her pulse.
72) 11) dialog: (aside, to DR. COGAN) She'll be all right, will she?
73) 0) text: REGGIE and WILF walk down the corridor towards the stairs.
73) 2) dialog: In London, remember? The little guy couldn’t get her out. REGGIE still doesn’t answer, but smiles. They reach the top of the stairs. WILF (CONT’D) She was Italian. Remember? The tenor had to dial 999.
73) 3) dialog: (reluctantly) Beatrice Botticelli. At that moment they see JEAN'S head come into view slowly as she’s ascending the stairs.
76) 0) text: NOBBY continues past the Common Room. In the background, REGGIE, WILF, BOBBY and CISSY rehearsing BARBER OF SEVILLE. He continues to JEAN’S room and knocks. She answers, takes the packages, thanks him, gives him a note and some money. She says a few words to him that we don’t hear, as she closes the door.
77) 0) text: BOBBY, WILF and REGGIE are following a score. On TV is The Barber of Seville which they are, at times, watching. CISSY is sitting behind them.
77) 4) dialog: Six?
78) 0) text: JEAN is seated rather regally. WILF, REGGIE and CISSY are standing just inside the door, before her. They exchange silent looks.
78) 7) dialog: I think it is I who should apologise to you, Jean. Their eyes meet. Finally she rises, goes to a side table, on top of which there are some poorly wrapped gifts.
78) 31) dialog: It deserted us, too, Jean. It’s called life. 89
78) 35) dialog: Let go, Jean, let go. There’s no harm. Who knows - we might even enjoy it. We’re artists aren’t we? And we're meant to celebrate life. What else were we doing for all those years?
78) 46) dialog: Is that a yes?
79) 0) text: Chatter. CISSY and WILF at their table. Sudden silence, then excited murmurs. Entering the dining room, JEAN on REGGIE’S arm making a royal entrance. They pass ANNE LANGLEY. JEAN gives her a gracious smile, a Queen Motherly wave. ANNE LANGLEY stares back, she gets up and marches out of the dining room. JEAN and REGGIE reach the table. 91 As JEAN sits - One at a time, then joining all together, SIX RESIDENTS spread throughout the room start singing “Happy Birthday, EVA and MARTA bring a lit Birthday cake towards OCTAVIA i her wheel chair.
81) 0) text: The STRING QUARTET, TONY ROSE, LETITIA with FELICITY turning pages, finish the music. Seated are REGGIE, WILF, CISSY and JEAN. All eyes on JEAN
85) 0) text: REGGIE and WILF are putting the final touches to their Brindisi attire: hair, makeup, etc. behind the screens.
85) 1) dialog: ...and then I’1ll say that the quartet from Rigoletto is not only one of Verdi's masterpieces, but also one of the great milestones in the history of opera. And then I shall introduce each of us in turn -
86) 0) text: The RESIDENTS, including CISSY, REGGIE and WILF, filing on to the stage and taking their places. BOBBY supervising. CEDRIC peers into the crowd from behind the curtains.
95) 4) dialog: Thank you, Simon. SIMON goes. JEAN still struggling. CISSY, more agitated. 105
96) 0) text: To the sound of the string quartet playing the Adagio, RE chases after CISSY. GEORGE and HARRY watch bewildered as head back to the dressing area. CISSY makes for the French doors as REGGIE reaches her, panting.
96) 1) dialog: Cissy, you’re not to leave. It's Verdi’s birthday gala. Now. (CISSY stares at him) We're doing the Quartet from Rigoletto. The Quartet, Cissy-
96) 3) dialog: She’s done for.
96) 12) dialog: (a sigh of relief) That was a close run thing. Well done, Jean.
100) 0) text: REGGIE is looking at his score when SIMON pokes his head around the screen.
102) 9) dialog: (meaningfully) At least you won't be singing at La Scala again.
102) 11) dialog: Is that an apology?
102) 13) dialog: (turning back to her) And you look very beautiful, Jean.
102) 15) dialog: (is it tongue in cheek?) Then let’s get married. The string quartet has just finished their last movement and the audience is applauding. After a moment, REGGIE Marches on the stage to an even bigger applause. INT. MAIN HALL —- DAY A BRIGHT SPOTLIGHT bursts onto REGGIE. The audience continues applauding, cheering and whistling. Some of the residents now stand or sit at the back and join in enthusiastically. REGGIE bows, puts on his reading glasses and produces pieces of paper.
102) 16) dialog: Ladies and gentlemen, this afternoon, my three colleagues and I are hoping to transport you to times past. We have come to the conclusion, after much argument and discussion, that we are unchanged. At least in spirit. And that spirit is most intensely expressed when we sing. (MORE)
102) 18) dialog: And so, on this 10th of October, the anniversary of Guiseppe Verdi, I hope you will be moved by the glorious music. Rigoletto is one of Verdi's masterpieces. And the quartet is one of the great milestones in the history of opera. So now it is time for me to make the introductions. I myself am, of course, the Duke of Mantua, and as Rigoletto, we are fortunate to have the popular, celebrated baritone, Mr. Wilfred Bond. WILFRED walks on without cane to great applause and bows. When he straightens up:
102) 19) dialog: And, as Maddalena, our own, our very own, the delicious Miss Cecily Robson. CISSY enters and curtsies to great applause and cheers.
102) 20) dialog: And last, but not least, one of the great stars in the operatic firmament for whom, I know, you have all been waiting, please welcome as Gilda, the great, the incomparable, Miss Jean Horton. JEAN enters, without cane, walking with difficulty, can barely curtsey to the great applause and cheers.
102) 21) dialog: Ladies and gentlemen, the quartet from Act Three, Scene One of Rigoletto by the great maestro, Guiseppe Verdi. By now, the instrumentalists have assembled themselves next to the Piano. They begin to play the Quartet from Rigoletto. The singers will commence singing. During it, we will see JEAN faltering. She will lose her balance and start to sink as REGGIE puts his arm around her waist to steady her. JEAN will pick up again and the orchestra will continue. Various moments like this will occur until the quartet finishes. At the conclusion, the audience will applaud and the quartet take their curtain calls. During the applause, JEAN will whisper to REGGIE - 112