2) 0) text: CECILY (CISSY) ROBSON, 70, contralto, bosomy and bountiful, walking the width of the swimming pool rotating her arms. SHERYL, 30's, nurse, standing nearby. CISSY has a CD player above water, corded around her neck, while listening to the Brindisi with earphones on, moving her lips. As she emerges from the pool, SHERYL helps her don a bathrobe. MUSIC continues - INT. FITNESS ROOM —- EARLY MORNING WILFRED (WILF) BOND, 70, baritone, and a few residents, a doing yoga. WILF mouths the score he’s holding, while bei stretched by a FEMALE NURSE, TRACY, 30’s, all the while appreciating her form. MUSIC continues - INT. LEO’S ROOM—- EARLY MORNING A MALE HAND (LEO'S, 70’s) draws a bow across a single str of a cello. The string is tightened. The bow is drawn aga Better. MUSIC continues -
5) 0) text: THE 30 or so ELDERLY OPERA SINGERS of Beecham House taking their seats, including OCTAVIA, in a wheelchair, aided by SHERYL. Some hold scores. Among them REGGIE, CISSY, WILF, GEORGE and HARRY. Some musicians carry their instruments - TONY ROSE, 70’s trumpet and DAVE TRUBECK, 70's pianist, DAPHNE MORGAN, 60's, harpist, LEO CASSEL, cellist, and CEDRIC. DR. LUCY COGAN, 30's, attractive, sits on the side, with ANNE LANGLEY. CEDRIC, seated on a throne-like chair, nods to BOBBY. All on BOBBY. He taps a pencil, raises it, nods to LETITIA. FELICITY, beside her, nervous, as she prepares to turn t pages. LETITIA plays the introduction to the Brindisi. BOBBY cue the chorus. No-one sings. Some RESIDENTS are amused, othe confused. BOBBY whispers to LETITIA. Watching, eyes narrowed, CEDRIC, not happy. BOBBY again cues the residents and they begin to sing. They give it their all. During this, FELICITY fumbles turning a page. LETITIA, irritated, nods repeatedly. FELICITY recovers. At the end, BOBBY finishes with a flourish, then turns to CEDRIC. All look at him expectantly. He keeps them waiting, then:
5) 3) dialog: (taking the mickey, sings a tad and stops) It’s too fast Bobby. Sorry Cedric. (starts again, stops) Too slow Bobby. Sorry Cedric. (starts again, stops) Now it’s too fast Bobby. Sorry Cedric. Some CHORUS MEMBERS giggle.
5) 5) dialog: I am. NIGEL, 70's, BARITONE, sings the phrase that CEDRIC requested. WILF stares him down as CEDRIC smiles.
5) 12) dialog: (mischievously) That’s six weeks, isn’t it, Reggie?
5) 14) dialog: - one hour -
5) 16) dialog: And seconds out! CISSY tries to untangle her earphones.
6) 6) dialog: Excuse me. He moves the empty chair over and sits in it with difficu holding his cane. HARRY goes back to his table, sits, sta to take his pills.
6) 8) text: You can’t deny it, Wilf, soloists would be nothing without us.
6) 9) dialog: If I hear that again, Harry, I may stick a fork up your jacksy.
6) 12) dialog: Anybody got a fork?
6) 14) dialog: Make that two forks. ANGELIQUE, 20, French, has brought WILF a full English breakfast. He is getting his usual special treatment from ANGELIQUE as other plates are getting cleared.
6) 15) dialog: Merci, Angelique. Have you done something new to your hair?
6) 17) dialog: I love your fringe in front. REGGIE looks up from his paper.
6) 22) dialog: Angelique, are we getting married or not? I need your answer.
6) 27) dialog: Cedric! Chill! Hullo or bonjour, look — He points to the window. DR. COGAN is speaking urgently to TADEK, as they walk past the window. TADEK carries a window squeegee and a cloth. WILF watches them. EXT. DRIVE, BEECHAM HOUSE - WILF’S POV - DAY A people carrier is in the driveway. On the side of the vehicle:
6) 31) dialog: (to REGGIE) Didn’t you say today’s the day?
6) 36) dialog: Cissy, we've been talking about it for days.
6) 41) dialog: It’s the replacement for poor old Laurence Timms. Dear oh dear, I do miss him. (they eat) But I’1l tell you this, I never knew a man to fart like Laurence.
6) 43) dialog: That man could fart at will -
6) 45) dialog: I’m not making this up Reg. - he would get down on the floor on all fours, go into a meditative state, until his entire body relaxed. At which point he could actually inhale and exhale through his anal canal-
6) 47) dialog: - and when he exhaled, it came out as a crepitation. That’s what he called it. What a gentleman! His record was one hundred and thirty- seven crepitations in a row.
6) 49) dialog: (to CISSY, teasing) Cissy, will I do instead of Nobby for a quick one in the long grass? CISSY, continuing to listen to her CD, turns back to her breakfast but her napkin falls from her lap. WILF is about to retrieve it but doesn't, so that CISSY has to lean down, revealing her ample cleavage. WILF observes CISSY'S bosom while putting apricot jam on his toast. WILF (CONT’D) May I tell you, Cissy, in all honesty, that you still have the most beautiful tits I’ve ever seen? CISSY finds her napkin, sits up, triumphant, smiling.
6) 50) dialog: (Takes a bite of his toast.) In fact, your whole body causes me to pulsate with lust. She smiles, blithely, as REGGIE glares at WILF'S toast. WILF (CONT’D) (to REGGIE) Pass the apricot jam, old son- REGGIE controls his irritation. CISSY reaches across and passes the jam to WILF and returns to her CD.
7) 0) text: Breakfast over, the residents continue to make their way slowly out of the dining room. The maids continue to clea while NIGEL, on his way out, passes WILF and REGGIE who a getting up from the table.
7) 2) dialog: Stick it where the sun don’t shine, Nigel. LETITIA and FELICITY, the pianists, appear at REGGIE’s an WILF’s side. The following is overlapped -
7) 4) dialog: I was thinking of giving my Figaro.
7) 9) dialog: Anne, what are you going to do for the gala?
7) 11) dialog: What are you going to do for the gala? She spontaneously begins to sing an aria from TOSCA - Vissi D'Arte. 13
7) 12) dialog: (to REGGIE, sotto voce) Sorry I asked.
9) 0) text: WILF, on the chair lift, holding a remote control, descends slowly while humming. He sees a dazzling bunch of garden flowers being arranged in a vase by DR. COGAN. DAPHNE is helping.
9) 1) dialog: Never seen you arrange flowers before, Dr. Cogan.
9) 3) dialog: Is it for a new arrival? (No answer, with his remote, he pauses the chair lift) Is that a new skirt? I haven't seen it before. It really clings to you beautifully. It actually accentuates your already beautiful legs. Don’t you agree, Daphne? DAPHNE, embarrassed, demurs.
9) 5) dialog: I know. WILF dismounts the chair lift.
9) 7) dialog: I'd love it if you could join me, Lucy.
9) 9) dialog: passing her) I must tell you Lucy, it’s hard to leave you.
9) 11) dialog: May I? WILF picks a flower and tries to put it in his lapel.
9) 12) dialog: I can’t see it without my glasses. Would you be so kind? WILF bends while DR. COGAN goes to fit the flower in his Their faces close. He grins at her.
9) 14) dialog: What do you know?
10) 0) text: Other residents and their visitors also taking the air, greeting each other. WILF waves. Some wave back. From a nearby window, the muffled, intermittent sound of “Underneath the Arches” accompanied by piano and trumpet. Four Gilbert and Sullivan singers are playing croquet.
10) 1) dialog: A pound says I'll kick your arse, Nigel.
11) 0) text: WILF continues to stroll. Faintly we hear the sound of a clarinet coming from the SUMMERHOUSE. Sitting inside, OLLY FISHER playing “Who is Sylvia.” WILF pauses, waves to OLLY. OLLY then takes a deep breath and another. He takes a pil from his pill box and puts it under his tongue. WILF obse closely. When his breathing is restored, WILF and OLLY exchange a thumbs up. EXT. FOUNTAIN GARDEN —- DAY NOBBY chatters while overseeing SIMON digging over a bed. WILF strolls toward them from behind.
11) 1) dialog: (calling to him) Morning, Nobby.
11) 3) dialog: Simon, wassup?
11) 5) dialog: It’s going to be a scorcher.
11) 7) dialog: Or just an English summer, one of the two. By the way, when you have a chance I could use another of the “usual.” NOBBY refuses money that WILF offers him.
11) 9) dialog: (continues to walk) And watch out, Nobby, Cissy Robson's been looking for you all morning. Can't think why, I'm so much more attractive. WILF walks on.
11) 11) dialog: Which one?
12) 0) text: On the terrace, tables and chairs under parasols. Residents reading, TONY and DAVE are playing a game of draughts. REGGIE sits at a table in a shaded corner, writing, preparing his lecture - A BIOGRAPHY OF VERDI and The Telegraph are on the table next to him. CISSY, seated next to REGGIE, listens to her CD while watching TWO LITTLE GIRLS (one of them is ESME) and a BOY playing on the grass. LETITIA, sitting on the other side of the terrace, with her DAUGHTER, chat while watching their kids. WILF approaches, goes to sit next to REGGIE and CISSY. REGGIE glances up and continues writing.
12) 1) dialog: (as he sits) I read somewhere that the average man thinks about sex every seven seconds.
12) 3) dialog: (gazing at CISSY as she sits) I wish it was only every seven seconds.
12) 5) dialog: Male or female? REGGIE continues to write.
12) 6) dialog: (picking up a newspaper on the table, pulls his glasses on, looks at the crossword puzzle) You left a word out. (states the clue - and he gets it, pauses, he studies CISSY, takes his glasses off) When I first saw her, God knows how long ago, I thought she was the most beautiful, sexiest thing I'd ever clapped eyes on. The alarm on REGGIE’S wristwatch sounds. He is about to t CISSY on the arm but WILF stops him with a look.
12) 7) dialog: Cissy, let Reg and me have our way with you now. Go on, bea sport, on the lawn, legs apart, bloomers abandoned. I'll remove my truss. (taps her on the arm with his cane, she removes her headset and looks at WILF) How about it?
12) 10) dialog: Nothing - 19
12) 12) dialog: To what?
12) 17) dialog: It’s the last time the four of us sang it. We had done it, what, fifty times before that? CISSY comes darting back for her bag.
12) 19) dialog: Why Karachi?
12) 21) dialog: Yes, yes, yes, so he was. Do you think she's getting worse?
12) 23) dialog: I wish they’d reissue us instead. REGGIE helps him to his feet.
12) 24) dialog: They might have put our photographs on the cover instead of just our names. WILF studies the CD cover. In bold letters against an appropriate background: CLASSIC RECORDINGS - Jean HORTON sings GILDA with Reginald PAGET, Cecily ROBSON, Wilfred BOND in RIGOLETTO
12) 25) dialog: Dizzy heights, those days. (sits) ‘Jean Horton sings Gilda.’ I should have had top billing. Name part, after all. (looks off) I remember the production, the recording sessions, everything, as if it were yesterday yet I can't remember what we had for breakfast this morning-
12) 27) dialog: (looks at CD again) Everyone said the quartet had never been better sung. My picture in the Daily Mail with the caption: “Wilfred Bond - A New Star?” Question mark. I was famous for a day. Still, I made a living and that’s all I ever wanted. I’m not like you, Reg. You’re an artist, I’m an artisan — 21
12) 29) dialog: No. Have you?
12) 31) dialog: Of course. Clumsy of me. These two old friends share a moment. REGGIE writes again CISSY returns, panicked.
12) 33) dialog: (to SIMON - a rap line from Tinie Tempah’s "Pass Out”) “I'm born famous I’m sorta’ known”
12) 35) dialog: “I bet your daughter knows” WILF and SIMON put their fists in the air. REGGIE makes a face. WILF (CONT’D) Reg, you might as well get used to it. Rap is here to stay.
12) 37) dialog: It is to them. 22
17) 0) text: Close up on a sharp crack, a ball goes through a hoop. Not an easy shot. WILF, mallet in one hand, walking stick in the other, watches. Their banter is habitual: 26
17) 2) dialog: Me? Unthinkable -
17) 4) dialog: Never-
17) 6) dialog: (eyes following the woman) Balls!
17) 8) dialog: Precisely. (he quotes a phrase from an Opera in Italian) They play on and are enthusiastic about the prospect of performing. He plays. through. 27
17) 10) dialog: Yes, but what I would love to sing again is Macbeth! It’s been years, and I miss it.
17) 12) dialog: You won’t get it through, not from there-
17) 14) dialog: (melodramatic) Oh no you won't. The ball hits the hoop but doesn’t go
17) 15) dialog: (walks to a nearby tree) Told you.
17) 17) dialog: Was not -
17) 19) dialog: (starts to unzip) Was not!
17) 21) dialog: What does it look like I’m doing now? (trying to urinate) Wagner?!! Only bloody foreigners sing Wagner. We're best at the British composers. Rossini, Donizetti, Verdi - (REGGIE smiles; WILF looks down) C'mon! C’mon! CISSY’S VOICE Reggie! Wilf! They turn to see CISSY rushing towards them out of breath and over-excited.
17) 23) dialog: (zipping up) Then tell us, we don’t want to be kept in suspense for eternity-
17) 26) dialog: Rita Gorr -
17) 29) dialog: Cissy, think. She thinks, brow furrowed. 29
17) 31) dialog: Oh! G, Gilda, yes, I see, our “Gilda,” Rigoletto. You mean Jean Horton-
17) 33) dialog: Jean Horton? Here? (he and CISSY look at
17) 36) dialog: Steady, Reg, steady, NSP, NSP - REGGIE walks away.
17) 37) dialog: It'll be all right, old son, trust me — REGGIE throws down his mallet and marches off towards the house. WILF and CISSY watch him, deeply concerned. INT. DR. COGAN’S OFFICE - DAY DR. COGAN, standing beside a table getting coffee. REGGIE is standing.
18) 4) dialog: Canasta! I win!
18) 7) dialog: He turned in early. But he’s fine. Tough as a monkey’s tit, is Reggie.
18) 9) dialog: I suspect it’s George and Harry. 32 The French doors are open, through which the backs of GEO and HARRY can be seen.
18) 11) dialog: For god’s sake, doc, leave ‘em be. George is seventy-six and Harry's nearly eighty. What the hell’s it matter?
18) 13) dialog: Give us a wiggle- (DR. COGAN continues walking) Do that again.
18) 15) dialog: If I live another five years, I'll have her. I just need time. 33
24) 0) text: The Gilbert and Sullivan troop You, Sir, We Much Regret” with One of the four turns the page FELICITY is irritated. Through 35 playing “The Swan” on his cello are rehearsing “So Please FELICITY at the piano. of the score too soon. the window we see NOBBY deadheading roses while SIMON rakes. EXT./INT. WILF’S WINDOW & ROOM — MORNING The music continues over the following scenes. Above the COMMON ROOM, where the four Gilbert and Sullivan singers are rehearsing, the window is flung open and WILF stands greeting the morning air. He goes from breathing deeply to vocalising. CISSY’S VOICE Yoo-hoo! He sees CISSY leaning out her window. He follows her gaze down towards NOBBY and SIMON. NOBBY looks up to see CISSY at him, leaning forward, allowing her window, gazing down at her cleavage to show. She waves alluringly just as WILF'S VOICE, doing scales, comp with the Gilbert and Sullivan singers. NOBBY takes a break from the roses. He removes his shirt and wipes his forehead as he flexes, exciting CISSY.
24) 5) dialog: (calling to NOBBY) Nobby - 1. Wilf - Nil!
24) 8) dialog: It’s all yours, boys - As WILF leaves, GEORGE immediately starts to move their plates as CEDRIC smirks at his table.
25) 0) text: WILF taps lightly on REGGIE'S door. No answer. He cracks the door open, looks and walks in. He sees no one there. WILF leaves and closes the door. Walks away.
26) 0) text: WILF descends the staircase. He enters the COMMON ROOM wh DAVE is playing BACH’S FUGUE IN D MINOR on the piano. WIL walks to the FITNESS ROOM, opens the door, CEDRIC is havi his nails done.
26) 2) dialog: (as he closes the door) Don’t do your toes the same color, Cedric, it’s considered gauche. WILF (CONT’D) Good Morning, Dr. C. Have you seen Reggie?
26) 4) dialog: Reggie. You okay?
26) 6) dialog: Can I get you a cup of cof--
33) 0) text: WILF is playing draughts with GEORGE, while HARRY watches. WILF sees REGGIE on the lawn walk by.
33) 1) dialog: Reggie? (REGGIE doesn’t answer ) Reggie? How did the talk go? REGGIE keeps walking. WILF watches him and then rises.
34) 0) text: WILF walks in, goes to a costume and takes out a bottle o Whiskey from a pocket. From another pocket, he takes out plastic cups.
35) 0) text: WILF walks over a bridge towards the woods.
36) 0) text: REGGIE, alone, staring out into the landscape, observing a deer. WILF’S VOICE (whispering) ‘Tis I. REGGIE half turns as WILF joins him. 47
36) 1) dialog: (admiring the deer) That’s a beauty.
36) 3) dialog: Of course not.
36) 5) dialog: (pause) Do you want me to go?
36) 7) dialog: (a ritual) Shall we? REGGIE observes, but says nothing.
38) 0) text: REGGIE and WILF are sitting inside holding plastic cups containing whiskey. They have been drinking for awhile. REGGIE is in the process of refilling his.
38) 1) dialog: So, come on, old son, break into song. REGGIE smiles. He’s been talking about aging.
38) 3) dialog: I remember thinking when you two got married...she was much more ambitious than you-
38) 5) dialog: -if I know anything about it.
38) 7) dialog: I was your best man, Reggie.
38) 9) dialog: You say some very harsh things, Reg. (gets up, a little unsteady. ) I think I’1l have myself a widdle. (looks around for the right tree, a little tipsy) You're right, Reg. I hate growing old. Hate every bloody moment of it. If it's not your prostate, it's piles. And then it's peeing five times a night. If you’re lucky. WILF steps off the Summer House and stumbles to a nearby tree. He unzips and begins to pee when he catches a glimpse of CISSY and JEAN walking nearby and sees that they have spotted him. WILF (CONT’D) (shouts as he is peeing) You may want to avert your gaze, ladies. This may take a while. A wise man goes when he can, girls. A fool goes when he must. He looks up to see REGGIE still in the Summer House, standing at the edge, wanting to flee.
38) 10) dialog: Easy, Reg, easy- By this time, CISSY and JEAN are near enough for JEAN to see REGGIE as he indelicately climbs down from the Summer House, takes a few steps, his back to them. 51
38) 13) dialog: (glances at REGGIE as he goes to kiss JEAN on both cheeks) Tactless as ever. You haven't changed a jot.
38) 16) dialog: He's upset because he wasn't warned that you were coming.
38) 21) dialog: What's wrong with Bobby? He nods towards the garden.
39) 2) dialog: It's for you, Cissy.
39) 7) dialog: I wonder what that’s all about. 53 JEAN looks round and doesn’t see REGGIE.
39) 9) dialog: (looks down the path) There he is.
39) 11) dialog: (calling out to her) NSP, Jean, NSP.
39) 13) dialog: It’s one of our rules. In fact, it’s our motto. NSP. No Self Pity. She turns and walks towards REGGIE.
44) 0) text: WILF walks into the greenhouse, is about to put the bottle and cups back into their hiding place. Stops and sees DR. COGAN between costumes, on the far side of the greenhouse, sitting and smoking. She turns. They look at each other. Overlap GEORGE and HARRY singing “Underneath the Arches.”
56) 0) text: From the outside: FELICITY accompanying NIGEL doing “Tit- Willow.” After a few phrases, camera pans over to the SMA MUSIC ROOM. Seated are CEDRIC, CISSY and REGGIE. Though w hear, CEDRIC is talking to them while WILF closes the doo
56) 1) dialog: Where is this going, Cedric?
56) 5) dialog: (quietly to REGGIE) We all know the bloody thing, we won't have to rehearse that much.
56) 15) dialog: (trying to be off-hand) It’s one gala, Reg. You could do it. You could persuade Jean. I know it.
56) 17) dialog: One gala. It’s our life.
56) 19) dialog: Well done, Reg.
58) 0) text: DR. COGAN is seated at her desk, leaning back in her chair. WILF seated.
58) 1) dialog: Just two favours - DR. COGAN wishes to bring the negotiation to a conclusion -
58) 3) dialog: “The Swan” restaurant. Just the four of us.
58) 5) dialog: Me, Reggie, Cissy and Jean. Nobby will drive us.
58) 7) dialog: Night off. (she’s uncertain) If we can persuade Jean to sing at the benefit Gala, think of the money we'd raise. Cedric said we could charge Covent Garden prices.
58) 9) dialog: Twelve-thirty.
58) 11) dialog: Are you sure?
58) 13) dialog: What brand do you smoke, Lucy? She looks at him. Starts writing.
58) 15) dialog: Done, Lucy.
58) 17) dialog: Done. Dr. Cogan.
58) 19) dialog: Ah, that's because I'm always up to no good. (sees flowers in a vase) May I? And please call me Wilf. WILF takes one and puts it in his lapel.
58) 21) dialog: Guess.
58) 23) dialog: Yes, for starters.
58) 25) dialog: Try it and see. 69
58) 27) dialog: Because you're a cracker, Lucy. Not a bird, not a girl, not a bimbo, but a rare species, a real woman.
58) 29) dialog: Throw caution to the winds, Lucy. If we were to - how shall I put it? - make magnificent music together, I would never report you -
58) 31) dialog: (rising) Think about it, Lucy.
58) 33) dialog: A weekend in London?
58) 35) dialog: No one will know, Lucy.
58) 37) dialog: (vague gestures of promise) Lucy, an older man - vintage wine - seasoned wood -
59) 0) text: WILF and CISSY, dressed for the occasion but in clothes a little out of date. REGGIE, also very smart, on the look-out. All three are pleasurably excited.
59) 1) dialog: Cissy, remember, as rehearsed, wait until she's legless, then we hit her with it.
59) 3) dialog: We'll get her so sozzled she'll say yes to anything -
59) 8) dialog: You give new meaning to the word ‘chic’. You agree, Reg? REGGIE forces a smile.
59) 11) dialog: The very least. JEAN, at the top of the stairs, pauses, looks down as REG reads her mind. He bounds up the stairs and offers his ar
61) 0) text: LARS, 40's, Danish male, leads JEAN, REGGIE, WILF and CISSY through the dining area, crowded with patrons. The quartet seems out of place, dressed in the fashion of the 70's. As LARS leads them to their table.
61) 2) dialog: Thank you, Lars. Quick as you can. The four walk out of shot to the booth. INT. THE SWAN —- DINING ROOM - NIGHT WILF, tipsy, finishes a bottle by topping up their glasses as they are about to finish their main courses. A WAITER puts more bottles on the table, takes the empty ones, and leaves.
61) 3) dialog: A toast! To you, Jean. From all of us. Welcome. They clink glasses to JEAN - she looks at them warmly.
61) 20) dialog: Si, perché no. E Adesso... (A toast to the quartet in Italian) Un brindisi al quartetto Everyone raising their glasses.
61) 24) dialog: Cedric wants us to sing at Verdi's Birthday Gala - (put his hand out to JEAN) - wait for it, wait for it - Pregnant pause. WILF nods to REGGIE. Then:
61) 32) dialog: No, we asked you because - He breaks off.
61) 35) dialog: Whoops.
63) 0) text: After a moment, WILF, REGGIE and CISSY begin to walk unst through the restaurant. WILF tries to pick a flower from and ends up toppling the vase, spilling the water. led WILF (walking away) I think I spilled, WILF goes to leave, CISSY is ahead. They pass a televisio the bar. CISSY continues on but something catches WILF an REGGIE'S eyes and they stop: A RAP GROUP singing but ther of course, no sound. WILF (CONT’D) What d'you think they're singing, Reg? After a moment:
64) 0) text: JEAN stares through the van window as WILF and REGGIE sta to stagger out of the restaurant.
64) 1) dialog: (raps in an English accent) .-.and I’m gonna live to be a hundred, And I can tell you why, (measures up with his arm) ‘Cos I can still get it up - oh so high!
65) 0) text: JEAN sits on the right side, staring out of the window. On the left side, REGGIE is staring out of his window, trying to stay awake. WILF and CISSY are asleep.
72) 0) text: A dimly lit room. Empty beds except for one that has screens partially concealing the patient. SHERYL, the nurse, in attendance. CIsSsy, in bed, subdued, but smiling bravely. REGGIE and WILF sit either side.
72) 6) dialog: What did she throw?
72) 15) dialog: (indicates an empty bed, quietly) I say, Lucy, I see you have an empty bed. You wouldn't like to keep me in overnight, would you? I feel a headache coming on. 81
72) 17) dialog: (as he’s leaving) It’s a shame to let it go to waste.
73) 0) text: REGGIE and WILF walk down the corridor towards the stairs.
73) 1) dialog: Remember Barber of Seville in the sixties at Covent Garden. Who was that big mezzo-soprano who was doing it with that little tenor in the bathtub. She got suctioned in. What was her name? (no answer from
73) 5) dialog: She'll be fine. (She walks past them; they start down the stairs) You're right, Beatrice Botticelli. (slowly going out of view) They say her high notes were never the same. 82
76) 0) text: NOBBY continues past the Common Room. In the background, REGGIE, WILF, BOBBY and CISSY rehearsing BARBER OF SEVILLE. He continues to JEAN’S room and knocks. She answers, takes the packages, thanks him, gives him a note and some money. She says a few words to him that we don’t hear, as she closes the door.
77) 0) text: BOBBY, WILF and REGGIE are following a score. On TV is The Barber of Seville which they are, at times, watching. CISSY is sitting behind them.
77) 2) dialog: It’s the only trio we can think of, Bobby. The three of us did the Barber of Seville a dozen times. 85
77) 5) dialog: We don’t have the time - They look up to see NOBBY come into the room. He hands th note to REGGIE as he whispers something.
78) 0) text: JEAN is seated rather regally. WILF, REGGIE and CISSY are standing just inside the door, before her. They exchange silent looks.
78) 3) dialog: I'm fine. I eat all my meals sitting on wastepaper-bins. 86
78) 5) dialog: I don’t remember you throwing anything at me.
78) 13) dialog: I was thinking you did. JEAN ignores WILF, looks at REGGIE who has just opened hi gift, a jar of lime marmalade and looks up at JEAN. He is moved. Their eyes meet. 87 From somewhere, the sound of a violin playing Massenet’s Meditation from Thais, to the accompaniment of a harp. There is an awkward silence.
78) 14) dialog: (looks at others) Is that it?
78) 16) dialog: (at door) Thanks for the signed CD. Do you mind if we put them on eBay? Another awkward pause. WILF and REGGIE exchange shared lo CISSY, still seated on the bed, looks in her purse.
78) 18) dialog: C’mon Cissy. CISSY goes toward WILF. REGGIE stands by his chair.
78) 21) dialog: (a slow burn) Of course you haven’t. Why should you? It’s only to celebrate and honour the birthday of one of the greatest composers for the human voice who has ever lived.
78) 26) dialog: (explodes ) “The memory?” What do you mean “the memory?” Whose “memory?” Your fans? They’re dead. They’re all dead! Either that or they’re living here and soon will be. REGGIE holds a hand out to stop WILF.
78) 27) dialog: For Christ sake Jean, all you've ever done is to rely on external affirmation. And look what it cost you. Just fucking do it!
78) 29) dialog: No, you’re not. Nor are we. We've aged, that’s all. And it happened so fast, we didn’t have time to change. In spirit, I’m the same lovely lad I always was. I just happen to be trapped in a cage made of rusty iron bars, with, thank the lord, an undiminished level of testosterone.
79) 0) text: Chatter. CISSY and WILF at their table. Sudden silence, then excited murmurs. Entering the dining room, JEAN on REGGIE’S arm making a royal entrance. They pass ANNE LANGLEY. JEAN gives her a gracious smile, a Queen Motherly wave. ANNE LANGLEY stares back, she gets up and marches out of the dining room. JEAN and REGGIE reach the table. 91 As JEAN sits - One at a time, then joining all together, SIX RESIDENTS spread throughout the room start singing “Happy Birthday, EVA and MARTA bring a lit Birthday cake towards OCTAVIA i her wheel chair.
81) 0) text: The STRING QUARTET, TONY ROSE, LETITIA with FELICITY turning pages, finish the music. Seated are REGGIE, WILF, CISSY and JEAN. All eyes on JEAN
85) 0) text: REGGIE and WILF are putting the final touches to their Brindisi attire: hair, makeup, etc. behind the screens.
86) 0) text: The RESIDENTS, including CISSY, REGGIE and WILF, filing on to the stage and taking their places. BOBBY supervising. CEDRIC peers into the crowd from behind the curtains.
87) 4) dialog: Who’s on next?
95) 14) dialog: For God’s sake, don’t let them see her in this state - REGGIE moves fast after her. 106
96) 7) dialog: Friends who love you, Cissy. We love you, Cissy! (nothing from CISSY) What's the Hindi for love? (loudly) I adore you, Cissy. Don’t run out on me. 107
98) 2) dialog: (to the girls) How’s that? Am I a fine figure of a man or am I not? REGGIE’S VOICE I have to say I find it very distasteful. The girls ignore WILF.
98) 6) dialog: Well? With one finger from each hand pointing in the direction his crotch. WILF (CONT’D) Well? No_one answers. As they continue getting. ready WILF walks back into his dressing area, removing the socks, shaking his head. WILF (CONT’D) It was just a joke.
102) 0) text: WILF and JEAN walking toward the backstage area with their canes.
102) 1) dialog: Jean, our sticks. I think we should try to get through without them.
102) 3) dialog: I’m not sure I can either. But I think we should try. It would be more dignified. More operatic.
102) 5) dialog: Lean on Reg, it’d be safer. And he’d be very pleased. He adores you. (she looks doubtful) Trust me. They enter backstage.
102) 7) dialog: (whispering) Of course he does. I don’t think Reg has ever stopped loving you.