2) 11) dialog: Mike! Mike, you get up from there, mister, right now! Annie arrives at the street and reaches into the SNARLING and pulls Mike up by the arm.
2) 12) dialog: What do you mean, Mike? Y'all could've been run over!
2) 14) dialog: You boys go on home now. Mike, you know I've got appointm to see in there. Now you go get Ben from Miz Francis and till I'm through. Mike, wiping his slightly bleeding mouth off with the bac and Mrs. Francis as Paul Dean and Tommy, cowed by the app down the street with much muttering and many a backward g near Miller, and gazes up at Annie with his bespectacled,
2) 16) dialog: You better got home, darlin’. Miller, go help your brothe And take out the trash too, honey. And feed Butch. My app are over at 5:30, and I'll get y'all something from Dairy Annie heads back to her house, where a middle-aged BLACK carport.
2) 19) dialog: Dorothy, I know you got a check comin' the first of the m We'll settle up then. DOROTHY (BLACK WOMAN) (relieved) You sure, Miss Annie? ANNIE (as she opens the door to go back inside) I'm sure.
3) 0) text: Annie enters. The place is modestly furnished but neat as magazines, as in a doctor's waiting room. A middle-aged W table looking through a magazine with a movie star on the In a chair sits a lanky man in overalls, who is sheepishl Heckyl or Jecky! with Alfalfa's haircut, and is missing e is a basket of rosy, down-covered peaches.
3) 1) dialog: Cornelius, I'm ready for you now. CORNELIUS rises, without looking at Annie.
3) 3) dialog: Pretty peaches.
4) 0) text: Annie and Cornelius enter, Annie closing the door behind walls, blue curtains, blue bedspread, blue everything. It They sit down across from each other at a little desk. o Annie begins to shuffle. The cards have been shuffled so paper delicacy.
4) 1) dialog: How have you been, Cornelius?
4) 3) dialog: Have you had a health problem since I saw you last? Cornelius is very shy, and never makes eye contact with A
4) 5) dialog: Have you been sick?
4) 7) dialog: No, it's not your back. Have you been bleeding somewhere?
4) 9) dialog: Have you been to a doctor?
4) 11) dialog: Well, I think maybe you should go. It's not a veneral dis it's just same kind of kidney or bladder infection. But i for a while. It can lead to more serious problems. A baffled look has appeared on Cornelius's face - this is head.
4) 12) dialog: You are bleeding when you urinate, aren't you? Cornelius grapples with the word "urinate." ANNIE (gently) When you go to the bathroom. CORNELIUS (bright red) Yes ma'am.
4) 13) dialog: Don't be embarrassed. It happens to lots of people. With you should be happy it's not a sexually transmitted disea Cornelius turns redder.
4) 14) dialog: Would you like me to call a doctor for you?
4) 17) dialog: You shouldn't fool with married women out there in Lonsvi old man out there are crazy. You'll get yourself shot. CORNELIUS (alarmed) Did you see that in the cards?
4) 18) dialog: No, that's just common sense. (pause) How many women are you seeing now?
4) 20) dialog: Cornelius, it doesn't take ESP to tell you, you shouldn't 20 women at once.
5) 0) text: Annie's clearing up the remnants of the Dairy Queen meal. watch TV in the living room, the two younger ones on the staring at the TV but not really paying attention. Annie finishes up dumping the white sacks in the trash an to her boys.
5) 1) dialog: You kids get on to bed now, it's nearly nine.
5) 3) dialog: You heard me, mister. Miller gets up reluctantly. He sees that Ben's fallen asl him out. But as Miller reaches the hallway, he stops.
5) 6) dialog: It means making love. That's how your daddy and me made y brothers and you. This seems to satisfy Miller, and he goes off down the h begun straightening up the living room. Mike's still in t
5) 7) dialog: Mike, did you hear me?
5) 9) dialog: Get ready for bed. Mike gets up and begins dragging out of the room.
5) 10) dialog: Mike, your lip's draggin’ the floor - it's gonna freeze l you're not careful.
5) 12) dialog: You are a kid, honey. I'll come say good night in a few m Mike departs as Annie cleans.
6) 0) text: Annie, in a flannel nightgown, sits at her little desk sh She is reading for herself. She looks sad and lonely, alo After a minute, she sets the cards aside, gets up, and go then takes out a framed photograph: it shows a smiling, h uniform. She looks at it for a moment, then gently touche Annie smiles sadly, and turns off the light.
7) 0) text: Annie's driving down the street - the RADIO's on a countr into the post office, the driver's-side door suddenly fli ANNIE (pulling the door shut) Damn - Annie holds on to the door till she's in a parking space cuts the engine.
8) 0) text: As Annie's Cutlass turns into the parking lot, the door Annie parks the car and gets out. A MAN in his 30's, mous and T-shirted, comes out of the garage to greet her. MAN (looking glad to see her) Hey, Miz Wilson, how are you gettin' along today?
8) 1) dialog: Pretty good, Buddy, except for the fact I can't keep my c from flyin' open. Have you got time to fix it?
8) 3) dialog: I've got to get home. I've got people comin’.
8) 5) dialog: Yeah, that's fine. (embarrassed) Listen, Buddy, I'm a little low on money this week, can y
8) 7) dialog: I feel bad about -
8) 11) text: Buddy is driving Annie home. Annie looks caringly at Bud
8) 12) dialog: How have you been, Buddy? Really. BUDDY (slowly) Well, I have some bad thoughts. It's hard to concentrate But yesterday I felt happy. I didn't even feel like I nee but I took it anyway. I think I might be hooked on it, so
8) 13) dialog: You're gonna have a lot of happy days. You're gonna get b
8) 15) dialog: Buddy? Buddy suddenly whips the truck off the street, bouncing i and half into somebody's front yard, where he stops it wi
8) 16) dialog: Buddy, what's wrong? Buddy turns to Annie, there are tears in his eyes.
8) 18) dialog: Calm down, Buddy, it's all right. I'll tell you, honey. BUDDY (slowly and intensely) If I look into a blue diamond, and think a negative thoug ANNIE (takes his hand) No, Buddy, you won't die. You won't die, hun.
8) 20) dialog: You don't have to kill yourself, Buddy. Everything's gonn I'll always tell you. I promise I'll always tell you. Buddy lays his head on the steering wheal and cries, as the house they 're in front of , we see a LITTLE GIRL pee at the tow truck on her front lawn...
9) 0) text: The window is open in Annie's bedroom-reading room, and t luminous tangle of sun and breeze. Annie is shuffling and studying her cards at her little t in her mid 30's. She's wearing blue jeans and dark glasse except for a hair-do that doesn't quite work, and the fac
9) 1) dialog: Anita, you may as well take the glasses off, I know he's you again. I see your lip.
9) 3) dialog: It's okay. Anita removes the glasses - the flesh around her eyes is blacks and blues and yellows. She stops herself.
9) 5) dialog: I feel guilty you paying me money to tell you to get away doesn't take ESP to tell you that. You have to get help.
9) 7) dialog: He's not crazy enough to kill anybody. He's just an insec ANITA (beginning to cry) You just don't know. I've seen him -
10) 0) text: Annie comes through the front entrance, walks quickly dow
11) 0) text: Annie appears at the open door of the office. Standing against one wall is a miniature basketball goal, miniature basketball. WAYNE PULLMAN, in his 30's, good-lo sleeve white shirt and a colorful tie, looks up from some WAYNE (gets up and shakes Annie's hand) Hi, Mrs. Wilson, have a seat. ANNIE (looking around) Where's Mike?
11) 2) dialog: He was in another fight?
11) 5) dialog: Not much better. He's real distant. WAYNE (hesitantly) Mrs. Wilson, I don't pretend to be a psychologist - but i your boy's got a lot of anger in him. ANNIE (after a pause) It's about this time last year his father passed away. He up over it. WAYNE (gently) I never met your husband, but I understand he was a fine ANNIE (calmly) Yes - he was. There's a silence - Wayne moves on.
11) 7) dialog: Mike doesn't need a therapist - he can talk to me.
11) 17) dialog: I'm pretty booked up...
12) 0) text: Annie, in her nightgown, stands at the doorway of her son ANNIE'S POV: HER THREE SONS ASLEEP. Miller and Ben are in one bed, Mike in another. A lamp on Mike's sporting his new black eye. A book is lying open a Annie comes in quietly, picks up the book. it's a small p of Mike and his father at a zoo. Annie puts the book on a shelf, and turns off the light. As she moves back out into the hall towards her bedroom, the front door.
13) 0) text: Annie moves into the living room. She turns on the outsid chain on it, and she opens the door a couple of inches an
13) 2) dialog: Could I do something for you? MAN (politely) Yes ma'am, I'm Donnie Barksdale. I'm sorry to bother you I believe you know my wife Anita. ANNIE (coldly) Yes I do. I know who you are.
13) 4) text: Well no, she's not, ma'am. Annie still makes no move to open the door.
13) 7) dialog: You kids go back to bed. Everything's all right.
14) 0) text: OPEN ON BEN, playing with Butch, a rather mean-looking bu a long chain. Another ANGLE shows us Annie, hanging her wash on a cloth day. Only a drifting white cloud or two interrupts the sk herself, her and her wash drenched in sunlight, holds a c sheet. Suddenly a look of astonishment appears on Annie's face. An OLD WOMAN ina gingham dress and a sun bonnet is walkin carrying a basket of fruit. Now the old woman reaches Annie. Under the shadow of the woman's clear blue smiling eyes regarding her. ANNIE (in an awed whisper) Granny? Granny, what are you doing here?
14) 2) dialog: Granny... is that really you?
14) 4) dialog: But Granny, you're - Annie stops herself.
14) 5) dialog: You're not supposed to be here. How did you get here?
14) 9) dialog: No, Granny, it's clear. But then suddenly the sunlight vanishes as a giant shadow and sees black surreal-looking clouds moving swiftly acro And now a wind kicks up, and the clothes on the line blow frightened steps backwards, looking up at the sky and the Lightning flashes and there's a CRACK of thunder, and lea from trees are flying past Annie, and now the old woman, SHOUTS above the wind:
16) 0) text: Annie is reading for Anita Barksdale.
16) 2) dialog: I'm not worried about me, I can take care of myself. You listening to ‘me though -
16) 4) dialog: He's gonna keep hurtin you till he puts you in the hospit
16) 6) dialog: Anita, I don't know how to make myself any clearer. Your There's the sudden sound of the front door SLAMMING, and DONNIE (0.S.) (bellowing) Anita! Annie and Anita look at each other, their blood running c
16) 8) dialog: Just settle down, Anita, I'll call the law. They hear cowboy boots CLOMPING down the hall, and Donni NAME again. ANITA (desperately) If you're my friend you won't, Annie! And now the nightmare that is Donnie Barksdale bursts thr disfigured with rage. DONNIE (to Annie) I'll handle you later on you goddamn bitch! You goddamn w (to Anita) Get your whimperin' ass up from there, Anita, and get in That ain't fast enough! Donnie grabs Anita by the hair and yanks her out of the c Annie's cards flutter and fly. And now Donnie Barksdale drags his wife out of the room b
17) 0) text: Donnie drags Anita down the hallway, Anita SCREAMING at t CURSING her. Now Annie comes out of her room after them.
17) 1) dialog: You let her go! As Donnie passes Miller he kicks over his paint bucket, a leaving a smeary maroon trail as they pass into the livin Annie's sons and the two waiting ladies. Annie, running down into the hallway after them, slips in she's up Donnie has dragged his wife out the door. Annie moves into the living room, her white outfit staine reaches the door she hears a truck START UP and SCREECH a of the two ladies closes her magazine and stands up. LADY (politely) Miz Wilson, would you like me to come back some other tim
18) 0) text: It's a few days later. A Ford Saturn pulls into the parki get out. The Country Club's in the middle of the woods a few miles blue empty swimming pool, a couple of tennis courts, a go dark, and a one-story brick restaurant-bar-rec-room build SOME 70'S ROCK SONG is drifting out. Annie takes it all in, obviously for the first time, as building. This is an Annie we haven't seen before: in a s modestly cut yellow chiffon dress that flows loosely arou matching pumps.
18) 1) dialog: I don't know why I let you talk me into this.
19) 0) text: Annie and Linda sit at a table near a dance floor, Annie enwreathed in tobacco smoke, belting down bourbon. A MIDD WITH AN ENORMOUSLY FAT LEAD SINGER is playing on a small crowded with the Parker elite, nicely dressed people rang something. LINDA (grabbing Annie's arm) Annie, there he is!
19) 1) dialog: Who?
19) 3) dialog: Linda, we'll know in a minute -
19) 5) dialog: I don't have my cards with me anyway - I'm off-duty tonig Now Annie's gaze drifts back to the dancers.
19) 9) dialog: Hi. LINDA (still engrossed in "George") Wayne, sit down, you're blockin' my view.
19) 11) dialog: I'm not. I just kinda tagged along with Linda.
19) 14) dialog: Mopin' around at his babysitter's. A TALL MAN of 50 ir
19) 17) dialog: I've seen you too. MR. KING (as he takes his daughter out to the dance floor That's quite a dress, Linda. LINDA (vindicated) I'm glad somebody noticed. WAYNE (to Annie - with a nod toward the dance floor) Wanna give it a try?
19) 18) text: ANNIE (mildly panicked) I don't think so.
19) 20) dialog: Awhile... but...
19) 28) dialog: I'm Annie, and this is my friend Linda.
19) 33) dialog: Eric, why don't you just sit yourself down, while I go lo room.
20) 0) text: Annie sees a row of lockers and wooden benches along one middle of the room, and toilet facilities and a shower ro around. She moves forward; but as she passes the row of l woman LAUGH.
21) 0) text: Annie, looking somewhat shaken at what she's seen, comes go into a room at the end of the hallway - the ladies' ro
22) 0) text: Annie comes out, seeking fresh air. She's at the back of walkway runs along its side. A short distance away are th After a few moments Annie sees, at the other end of the w drinking a beer, Wayne. Annie hesitates, undecided about whether to make her pres for her when Wayne looks in her direction, gives her a ra Annie walks to him.
22) 2) dialog: I'm sure not.
22) 6) dialog: She's very ... beautiful.
22) 8) dialog: I think you do. I know it. WAYNE (looking at her curiously) What do you mean you "know"? You mean like in an ESP kind ANNIE (after a pause) You don't believe in it... WAYNE (with a shrug) I just don't think there are any great mysteries in life. you see is what you get. (pause) You wanna sit down?
22) 9) dialog: Okay. They move over to some wooden steps a few feet away and s for his cigarettes, lights up. Annie takes off her shoes, ANNIE (ruefully) I'm used to tennie shoes.- For a few moments they sit in silence, facing the dark ma them. The air is a-throb with the sounds of FROGS and CRI
22) 10) dialog: This reminds me of when I was a kid - sittin’ out an the so many thoughts you couldn't count ‘em.
22) 12) dialog: This T-tiny town called Alpine. Only had about a hundred (with a smile) We were probably the last folks in Arkansas without indoo
22) 14) dialog: My husband got a job here... out at the cable plant... WAYNE (after a pause) Did you - "know" - that something was gonna happen to you ANNIE (quietly) I didn't know there was gonna be an explosion. But the ni had bad dreams. I dreamed... that I was all by myself... around anymore. I tried to talk him out of goin’ in to wo but - (pause) You kind of remind me of him. Not the way you look. Just Wayne, looking at Annie, takes a last drag on his cigaret
22) 15) dialog: Wayne?
23) 0) text: Annie, back from her Country Club adventure, has fetched doorway waving, there are AD-LIBBED GOOD-BYES. Now Annie' across the yard to her house. Miller's walking alongside in his arms. Miller turns the pockets of his pants inside out, and cru onto the grass.
23) 1) dialog: What's that?
23) 3) dialog: What are you doin' with blueberry muffins in your pockets
23) 5) dialog: Okay. But why are they in your pockets?
23) 8) text: ANNIE (quietly) Y'all wait here.
24) 0) text: Annie comes in, turns on the light. She moves slowly into the kitchen, which is filled with a stove. ANNIE'S POV: FOUR BLUE RINGS OF CLAW-LIKE FIRE. Bewildered, Annie moves to the stove, turns the burners o Now she comes back out into the living room ... turns the it. When she reaches the boys' bedroom, she turns on the ligh against the wall near the door, and Annie takes it. Now she moves on down the hall towards her closed bedroom knob... then, bat at the ready, throws it open, steps thr
25) 0) text: Annie's staring at something in disbelief.
25) 5) text: Is everything okay? ANNIE (putting the bat down) Everything's fine. As she passes the table she obliterates the word there by pile. Then, ushering her sons out, she shuts the door.
26) 1) dialog: I told you, it wasn't a burglar. (pause) It was a man named Donnie Barksdale. OFFICER EFIRD (surprised) Donnie?
26) 2) dialog: You know him?
26) 4) dialog: His wife's one of my... clients. He thinks I'm trying to marriage.
27) 0) text: Annie's reading for Buddy.
27) 2) dialog: I think everybody has that trouble, Buddy. (studying the cards) Your daddy took things away from you when you were little
27) 4) dialog: Did he take other things away from you? Not toys. (Buddy is silent) You have to find out why you hate him so much, Buddy.
27) 6) dialog: Buddy, try to get past that wall you talk about. You need your daddy.
27) 8) dialog: I think when you remember some things about your childhoo can face up to them, you'll feel better.
27) 9) text: Do you know things, you don't tell me? For just a moment, Annie hesitates...
27) 10) dialog: I tell you, Buddy. But I just think you need to think abo own.
28) 0) text: Miller and Ben are sitting on the floor, where Miller's a The phone RINGS. Annie enters from the kitchen, looking w across the room.
28) 1) dialog: Miller, Ben's too little to understand checkers - (picking up the phone) Hello?
28) 6) dialog: How come you're not asleep?
28) 7) text: I don't know. Annie notices Mike is looking at the baseball bat leaning
28) 8) dialog: Don't worry, honey - just go back to bed. But something else is on his mind.
28) 10) dialog: We went out there just last month - on his birthday. (pause) I've just been so busy -
28) 12) dialog: If you're talkin’ about my appointments, they're not stra put food on our table. Annie goes back to her book - but Mike keeps standing the
28) 14) dialog: Mike, I'm tryin to read. A fleeting look of bitterness and hurt crosses Mike's fac the doorway. As soon as he does so, Annie glances toward on her chest, and stares at the ceiling...
29) 0) text: Following the Sunday service, churchgoers are spilling ou concrete steps, Annie and her sons among them. Annie look steps they pass near Annie's friend Linda, who's talking sees Annie and heads for her, an urgent look on her face. LINDA (as though imparting a state secret) Annie, I know why Kenneth King wasn't in church today! ANNIE (truly and deeply not caring) Why?
29) 2) dialog: What do you mean she's disappeared?
29) 4) dialog: Maybe...
29) 6) dialog: What are you talkin’ about?
29) 8) dialog: Linda, that's nuts -
30) 0) text: Annie's at the counter, mixing some cake mix in a big blu with a troubled expression at the front page of the Parke There's a photograph of Jessica King, underneath a big he
30) 3) text: 1 like it. I like icin', Mama. ANNIE (cleaning him up) I can see that, honey.
31) 0) text: Miller's playing with his dog. Annie opens the screen doo for money.
31) 1) dialog: Miller, come here a minute! Go down to the store and get icin’.
34) 0) text: Annie and her sons sit around the kitchen table. They've frostingless cake. Forks CLINK against saucers in the sil his mouth with his hand.
34) 2) dialog: Honey, you've had icin, enough to put you in a coma. Annie glances with concern at Miller, who's poking listle
34) 3) dialog: From now on, y'all gotta start stickin' close to home. I where y'all are every minute of the day. Mike, I'm gonna and Miller to school - MILLER (quietly) I wish Daddy was here. ANNIE (gently but firmly) He's not, hun - but I am - and I'm gonna look out for y'a The phone RINGS. Annie gets up and answers it.
34) 4) dialog: Hello? (surprised) Mr. King... Any news on - ? Yeah, I'll be here all evenin (puzzled) But - why does the Sheriff want to see me?
35) 0) text: Three men sit uncomfortably on Annie's couch; Wayne Pullm look pale and awful, and SHERIFF PEARL JOHNSON, who's a b full head of silvery hair. Annie's sitting across from th
35) 3) dialog: I don't know anything about your daughter's disappearance Wayne, I'm sorry about what's happened. I know you must b through a hard time.
35) 5) dialog: I can read for you. That's all I can do.
35) 7) dialog: That's not really how it works -
36) 0) text: Annie sits at her table, shuffling her cards. Mr. King si Sheriff Johnson stand behind him. It's a small space for as she starts spreading her cards out on the table.
36) 1) dialog: When were you getting married, Wayne?
36) 3) dialog: This is not small talk.
36) 10) text: Is she there? ANNIE (after a moment) That's all I see. You see it doesn't work like -
36) 12) dialog: Does Jessica have some dogs she might have taken with her
36) 14) dialog: No, they're not poodles or beagles -
36) 16) dialog: I'm sorry, Wayne. Mr. King, I hope you find your daughter person to help you on this.
37) 0) text: We see a deserted two-lane blacktop road. Along one side long white fence. Now Annie comes walking slowly up the road. She's in her and looks bewildered. An uncanniness and surrealness abou ANNIE'S DREAM. Annie climbs over the white fence, walks across the lush her she sees, glimmering in the starlight, a pond. She reaches the pond, begins to walk around its bank, eyi of a myriad frogs. A snake wriggles across the pond's smo starlight. Annie comes upon what appears to be an old telephone pol she steps over it to take a closer look, she slips, and t She slides into the shallow water at the edge of the pond weeds and the mucky bottom and climb back up the bank, he She picks up one end of a logging chain. It's lying half and has weeds in the links. Now she hears an ENGINE, and headlights flare across the and sees, heading across the pasture toward her, a four-w there are a row of square amber lights across the top of Annie turns and runs toward some nearby woods. The truck picking up speed. Annie. reaches the woods. The truck goe snapping down small pine trees. Annie runs through the dark trees. She reaches a thick br Her nightgown is torn and her skin is ripped and bleeding Annie watches the truck with its probing headlights and i slowly through the woods like a tiger looking for her. Wh out of the briars in the opposite direction. Now, in the dark and tangled distance of the woods, Annie being played - it's the kind of fiddling you might have h Annie continues on, the SOUND gets louder, and now we hea
37) 2) dialog: You play very pretty. CURLY-HAIRED MAN (as he stops fiddling) Aw, not that sound. The sound of them bluetick hounds of Smiling, he cocks his head in a listening posture - and n lonesome HOWLING of hounds.
37) 4) dialog: Do you know a way out of here?
37) 6) dialog: Annie, lying in bed, awakes with a start. The bedroom's dark. She looks over at the luminous face o says: 1:28.
38) 0) text: Annie, at the sink, stands in her nightgown splashing wat looks into her own eyes in the medicine cabinet mirror.
39) 0) text: Annie pushes open the screen door, moves down the steps a on over her nightgown, and is sipping a glass of milk. The night is still. The sky is clear, and holds a big whi Under the big oak tree, the bulldog Butch is sleeping hal opens his eyes and lifts his head as Annie wanders his wa bowed legs towards her. Annie leans down, scratches Butch behind his ears. Out of the clear sky, a drop of water splashes the back o Annie looks up. About 20 feet above her head, among the branches of the o King. It is nude and bloated and wet and ghastly and whit wrapped around it. Jessica's beautiful hair floats around against the branches as though moved by the undulations o and as empty as anything you'll ever see. Annie's beholding this in sheer terror. Now Butch WHIMPER her. Annie looks down, stepping back and pushing Butch aw When she looks up again, there is nothing in the tree tha leaves, which stir and SIGH a little as a breeze comes up
39) 1) text: Pearl Johnson's tiny office has big glass windows through activity in the outer office. Right now, Johnson's sittin desk, smoking a cigar, and skeptically eying Annie, who's
39) 3) dialog: It wasn't just a dream.
39) 5) dialog: I think she's dead, Sheriff. And I think she's in the pon
39) 7) dialog: Does it sound like a place you know?
39) 9) dialog: What about the fiddler and the dogs? Pearl takes a pensive puff on his cigar.
39) 11) dialog: No, it's not the fiddler. Who are his neighbors?
40) 0) text: Pearl Johnson's driving, Kenneth King's sitting beside hi seat. Annie's looking out the window tensely. Wayne, look SHERIFF JOHNSON (to Mr. King) I think you and Wayne comin' along's a bad idea - MR. KING (ignoring him) You did got a search warrant, didn't you? I want everythi and proper.
41) 0) text: The boat, a couple of men in it, is very slowly motoring winch is at the back of the boat, with a taut nylon rope Wayne and Mr. King stand together on the bank, watching one of his deputies. The Sheriff's relighting a half-smok telephone pole. Now he looks over at Annie, who's standin
41) 2) dialog: No sir, I haven't. The pond is exactly the place of Annie's dream.
41) 10) dialog: Anita, I'm sorry - I never meant to cause you any trouble Now Donnie's gazing at Annie with a look that is truly fr DONNIE (one notch above a whisper) I orta knew it was you... And before anyone can stop him, Donnie walks quickly towa the face. The blow knocks her down. Wayne lunges past her tremendous punch in the mouth. Donnie spends a moment sha - but when he starts to get up to go after Wayne, he sudd gleaming barrel of Pearl's nine millimeter.
41) 17) dialog: Did you find your dogs? TOMMY LEE BALLARD looks at her strangely - then slowly no
41) 18) text: Ben and Miller are in the front seat with Annie, Mike is his Ninja Turtles lunchbox, pulls out a pack of Twinkies.
41) 19) dialog: Put those Twinkies back, Miller, they're for your lunch - BEN (reaching for them) I want one, Mama. I want a Twinkie.
41) 22) dialog: Well he hasn't been tried and convicted yet, and he's got brothers and cousins that are just as mean as he is so we're not t That reminds me, we're gonna start lettin’ Butch sleep in Ignorant rednecks love to poison dogs.
41) 25) dialog: Have a good day, honey. (glancing at the school) Hey Mike? Has Mr. Pullman come back to school yet?
42) 0) text: Annie pulls her car into the carport. She and Ben get out ANNIE (exasperated) Ben, from now on "Twinkie" is the T word. You don't say i think it, you don't - Ben's face scrunches up, and he begins to CRY. With a si mailbox. Among the usual bills and junk, a large manila e address is spelled out in big block printing with a red M
43) 0) text: The courthouse is a three-story brick building, set in a trimmed grass. Annie parks her car out front, gets out, a couple of old man playing checkers on a bench.
44) 0) text: Annie walks down a corridor - finds the room she's seekin ATTORNEY. She takes a deep breath, opens the door.
45) 2) dialog: I'm Annie Wilson. Mr. Duncan wanted to see me?
45) 4) text: Duncan sits behind his big, very neat desk, sipping his c across from him. Annie notices a framed photograph on his two beautiful kids, a boy and a girl. Then she looks over at a huge oil portrait hanging on the
45) 6) dialog: It's nice to have heroes. Duncan smiles, then assumes a let I s-get-down-to-busines
45) 8) dialog: What?
45) 12) dialog: You know, Mr. Duncan, the "victim" had a name - it was Je Now Annie exits - leaving the young D.A. looking uneasy a
47) 0) text: Annie turns over in her bed with a sigh for the dozenth t Now she hears claws CLICKING steadily down the hallway. I Butch appears in the doorway, stands there looking in.
47) 1) dialog: Hi, Butch. Lonesome? Butch turns and leaves, and Annie hears his CLICKING CLAW
47) 2) dialog: Guess not.
47) 4) text: Annie's asleep. The early morning sun is filtering in thr glimmering on her face. But now a faint shadow falls acro
50) 0) text: Mike slips in the door, stands at the back of the courtro Donnie Barksdale in the murder of Jessica King is already David Duncan is questioning a witness. Barksdale, wearing an uncharacteristic suit, sits at the WEEMS, a small skinny bespectacled man wearing a blue bla Behind Donnie Barksdale sits his wife Anita, his brother the Barksdale clan. Duncan's ASSISTANT sits at the defense table, and in the sitting Wayne Pullman and a thin and ill-looking Kenneth The JUDGE is a distinguished- looking man in his 60's. The JURY is seven men and five women, nine white and thre The trial's a Big Event in Parker, and the courtroom's cr middle of the crowd, Mike spots Annie, sitting with her f obviously not wanting to be seen by his mother. VOICE (in a loud whisper) Mike - Mike looks and sees Buddy Cole, sitting in the back row. BUDDY (as Mike sits down beside him) Why ain't you in school?
51) 2) dialog: He was just doin’ his job - Buddy's sitting on a bench, obviously waiting for Annie. BUDDY (standing up) Miz Wilson, can I talk to you a minute? He fixes his slightly wild eyes on Linda, and she takes t
51) 3) text: Annie, call me later, okay?
51) 4) dialog: Okay. Linda moves away. We can tell that the last thing Annie f Buddy. She resumes walking towards her car.
51) 5) dialog: Buddy, I have a lot of things on my mind now. it's not a
51) 7) dialog: What are you ramblin' about, Buddy?
51) 9) dialog: You and everybody else. Please Buddy, call me later and I BUDDY (grabbing her arm) Please hold still! Stop and listen to me! I thought about played around with myself. Why?
51) 10) dialog: You played around how? (resuming walking) Buddy, I don't want to talk to you now.
51) 12) dialog: Buddy, listen, I'll call you later on this week and we'll I'm goin, through a hard time myself right now so I can' (taking his arm and looking him in the eye) Listen - if you look into a blue diamond, you won't think thought.
51) 14) dialog: I promise. Now Annie gets in her car, starts it up, and drives away. staring after her...
52) 0) text: Annie's sitting with her three sons on the couch. Ben's i at her.
52) 1) dialog: First of all: Mike, I know you skipped school today and w MIKE (shocked at being caught) How'd you - ?
52) 2) dialog: It doesn't matter how I found out. A little bird told me. started making things easier on me instead of harder, Mik disappointed in you. The phone begins to RING. Annie ignores it.
52) 3) dialog: Now second of all: I'm gonna have to testify at the trial want to, but I have to.
52) 5) dialog: I'm not deaf, Miller - we'll let the machine get it. Donn lawyer is gonna try and give me a hard time, so I just wa prepared if you hear any bad stuff about me. we're all go be stickin' together - The phone's stopped ringing, Annie's message has played, wide-eyed, a hysterical female voice SHRIEKS out of the a
52) 6) text: Annie Wilson, it's Buddy's mother, Buddy's gone crazy and threatenin' to kill his daddy! (SCREAMS and CURSES in the background) Please get here right now, he's done hit Oren with a hamm
53) 0) text: Annie's car pulls up in front of a small white frame hous her early 60's has been waiting on the porch, and now she
53) 2) dialog: Did you call the police?
54) 0) text: Annie and Buddy's mother come around the side of the hous sees. Old snapshots are strewn across the grass. In the middle from the waist up, BUDDY'S FATHER is tied to a metal lawn father, Buddy has carefully placed framed photographs of alone, some with his parents, and some with just his fath over his father, a belt in one hand and a can of gasoline pants with the gas.
54) 1) dialog: Buddy, let your daddy go! I'll talk to you. Buddy's father looks over his shoulder at Annie. There's bleeding profusely, and a rag's stuffed in his mouth. Bud eyes.
54) 3) text: You ruined me you bastard! I was just a little kid! How c that to a little kid! You're sick and I'm sick! You made ANNIE (moving towards them) Buddy, stop it! Now Buddy swings the belt wildly at Annie, keeping her at
55) 0) text: The quiet little street is quiet no longer. Neighbors cro are parked in front of the house, and Buddy's father, MOA trundled along on a gurney by two paramedics, his sobbing Annie's sitting on the curb, watching it all. Buddy's fat climbs in after him, and now the ambulance takes off, SIR And now Annie hears CUSSING and YELLING coming from the d Buddy's being removed from the house by two cops. His han ankles are cuffed together, and a third pair of handcuffs cops are carrying him like a human suitcase. Annie watches as Buddy, snarling and twisting, is tossed car takes Buddy away. ON ANNIE, all alone on the curb...
56) 0) text: Annie, her hand on a Bible, is being sworn in by the cler
56) 2) dialog: Ido.
56) 5) dialog: Annibelle Wilson.
56) 8) dialog: Yes...
56) 12) dialog: I get a little bit of money from Social Security as a res husband's death. Also, I... give readings.
56) 14) dialog: Yes sir.
56) 16) dialog: As good as any, I guess.
56) 18) dialog: Since I was a little girl. We had an old well out behind L used to look down into it and - and see things.
56) 20) dialog: Things that hadn't happened yet, or things that were happ else. My grandmother told me that I had "the gift." She s family, and I shouldn't be afraid of it. Granny told me t was concerned, I should Just always use my instinct, and
56) 22) dialog: Yes Sir. DUNCAN (emphatically) So you're swearing before this court that you didn't get about this tragedy from any other means than your special "gift."
56) 23) dialog: Yes Sir... 1 am swearing that.
56) 31) dialog: Three? Weems, smiling, holds up his hands for all to see.
56) 33) dialog: Look, that doesn't prove anything. I can't do this at the
56) 35) dialog: What do you mean?
56) 37) dialog: No, that's not true -
56) 39) dialog: But I don't charge money -
56) 41) dialog: I accept... donations... gifts... WEEMS (glancing toward the jury with a chuckle) A distinction worthy of a lawyer... Annie is looking increasingly upset. Her eyes happen to m King on the front row, smiles a little, gives her a discr
56) 43) dialog: No...
56) 45) dialog: I did, once...
56) 47) dialog: I went over to Hot Springs and bet on the horses. WEEMS (a bit warily) What happened?
56) 48) dialog: I lost every race. Weems looks at the jury, raises his eyebrows with a whose
56) 49) dialog: You see, I don't think I was meant to use my gift for per
56) 51) dialog: Yes...
56) 55) dialog: No, wait a second - I've never said that -
56) 57) dialog: I just told the Sheriff what I saw. WEEMS (extravagantly) And how can we forget? Jessica King, a-floatin' in a tree lot of fun havin' all these dreams, and visions, and - ANNIE (losing it) Fun? You think it's fun that I feel the weight of this wh problems on my shoulders? You think it's fun to bury othe dead babies or - or to be blamin' myself ‘cause some poor tries to burn up his daddy? You think I'm doin' this for if you think that - Annie breaks off, her breathing shallow, tears in her eye at her. WEEMS (softly) I got no more questions...
56) 120) text: Sustained. (sternly) Mr. Duncan, you'll refrain from personal comments of that DUNCAN (regaining his composure) I apologize, your honor. It won't happen again. ON ANNIE, who's been watching this exchange with intensif
57) 3) dialog: We can get on with our lives now...
58) 0) text: Annie is reading for Dorothy, the middle-aged black woma hard at the cards - she seems totally oblivious to Doroth DOROTHY (anxiously) You see somethin' bad, Miss Annie? ANNIE (snapping out of it) No - of course not. (gathering up her cards) Dorothy, listen, I'm sorry - I just can't do this today..
59) 0) text: Annie's on the phone. Miller is at the table with Ben, co
59) 1) dialog: I'm cancelling all my appointments for the next few days. feelin' too well. Thank you, Miz Kemp. I'll call and resc Annie hangs up, looks in her phone book for another numbe
60) 0) text: Annie stands at a counter paying her electric bill. She g CLERK (apologetically) We're gonna have to have the rest of the balance soon, Mi
60) 1) dialog: I know... I'm sorry...
61) 0) text: Annie pulls out of the power company parking lot onto the when her attention is drawn to a man in gray athletic sho sidewalk, obviously roaring drunk. When she gets up even ANNIE (pulling over and cranking down the passenger windo Wayne! Wayne looks over, smiles, and then weaves her way.
61) 4) dialog: Get in. Wayne gets in the car, and Annie drives on. WAYNE (still smiling) You kidnappin' me?
61) 5) dialog: I'm takin' you home. If people see you like this you're g WAYNE (the smile fading) You really think I give a shit?
62) 0) text: It's a modest but nice brick structure. Annie's car's par
63) 0) text: Wayne's sitting on the side of the bed, as Annie kneels i shoes. The room around them's a chaos of strewn clothes a beer cans and pop bottles and half-eaten articles of food
63) 1) dialog: Wayne, this is a pig sty... Just sleep it off, and you'll WAYNE (gazing at her) I'm not sleepy.
63) 2) dialog: You will be. Annie grasps his ankles, swings his legs up on the bed. N Annie's hand.
63) 4) text: Can't we just forget our troubles awhile? You want to, do I know there's somethin’ between us... ANNIE (softly) I've only been with one man in my life - and when I'm wit one, I want it to be for the right reasons. Wayne fingers Annie's gold wedding band, looks at her que
63) 5) dialog: I guess I still feel married.
63) 7) dialog: Wayne - I don't think Donnie Barksdale killed her.
63) 9) dialog: I mean I see he didn't. WAYNE (knocked for a loop) Do you see who did?
63) 10) dialog: No... I've tried... I just don't know yet... WAYNE (after a pause) What are you gonna do?
63) 11) dialog: I don't know... I feel like lettin’ the bastard rot in ja Wayne nods, seeing her dilemma. And now the full impact o sink in, and he covers his face with his hands. WAYNE (with soft horror) Jesus... it's not over...
64) 0) text: Annie approaches an old stone well. It has a tiny roof, A circular wooden cover fits over the opening of the well As Annie reaches the well, tall oaks and elms surrounding wind. She looks up at the sky. Dark clouds are rolling in Annie begins to push back the well's wooden cover. It mak daddy longlegs, its repose disturbed, climbs up out of th
65) 0) text: Annie, lying on her bed fully clothed, awakes with a GASP
66) 0) text: Annie, standing at the front door, RINGS the doorbell. Be restless and wind-filled. There's a flicker of lightning, storm is coming. The door's opened by a LITTLE GIRL. We recognize her from David Duncan's desk.
66) 1) dialog: Is your daddy home? LITTLE GIRL (yelling) Daddy? Daddy, some woman's here! And now David Duncan appears, looks at Annie with surpris
67) 0) text: Annie's sitting on a couch, Duncan's sitting across from
67) 2) dialog: I'm tellin’ you he didn't. The person that killed Jessica someplace. DUNCAN (looking at her sceptically) So what's the deal? The Barksdales been threatening you? Pearl Johnson, we won't let lea got away with it -
67) 3) dialog: This has nothing to do with the Barksdales. Listen to me. Donnie didn't kill Jessica the same way I knew her body w DUNCAN (after a pause) Do you..."know"... who did kill her?
67) 4) dialog: No...
67) 6) dialog: I don't think we are. I got a warnin' today. I think some and kill me. DUNCAN (after a pause) So what do you want me to do?
67) 7) dialog: Reopen the case. Find out who really did it.
67) 9) dialog: I don't give a damn if you look silly! (pause) Listen - I know you were havin' an affair with Jessica. Duncan turns pale.
67) 10) dialog: You and I both know you should've disqualified yourself f case. What do you think's gonna happen to your pathetic l career if people find out you had sex with the "victim" t she was killed? Duncan gets up from his armchair, moves over to his bar, gust of wind RATTLES the windows.
67) 12) dialog: Look, all I know is an innocent man's in jail, I don't ca he is, and I helped put him there. I can't live with some Now you reopen this case, or I will. Now Annie leaves. The CAMERA LINGERS on Duncan, as he tak his Scotch.
68) 0) text: Annie gets in her car, backs out of the driveway of Dunca THUNDER, and raindrops begin to spatter the windshield.
68) 2) dialog: She turns a corner onto her street. It I a raining hard n She reaches her house. As she turns into her driveway and startled to see, for just a moment, Buddy Cole standing i She drives her car under the carport. She gets out, moves out at the rain-and-wind-swept yard. Lightning illuminate ANNIE (calling) Buddy? No answer. Looking extremely uneasy, Annie moves to the d
69) 0) text: Annie comes in, and immediately locks the door behind her and dials.
69) 1) dialog: Hi, Miz Francis, I'm back. How are the kids? Listen, I wa we could stay over at your house tonight. Thanks. I'll be there in As she hangs up, she thinks she hears a faint NOISE over sharply. ANNIE (calling) Buddy? Silence, except for the SOUNDS of the storm. Looking unea hallway into her room. She takes an overnight bag out of a closet, opens a drawe then suddenly freezes, as she hears a sharp KNOCK at the She moves tentatively into the hall. The KNOCK comes agai room, advances toward the door as the third KNOCK sounds. ANNIE (calling) Who is it?
69) 3) dialog: Wayne, you're soaked -
69) 5) dialog: Did you see Buddy Cole outside? WAYNE (puzzled - shaking his head) I thought he was at the nuthouse over in Benton -
69) 6) text: He is... maybe I imagined it... Wayne sits down heavily on the couch, looks up at Annie w
69) 7) dialog: What are you doin' here?
69) 9) dialog: I told you, I don't know -
69) 11) dialog: Wayne, I've looked at my cards a hundred times and I just anything. (pause) I'm startin’ to think maybe I don't want to see...
69) 13) dialog: Went out where?
69) 15) dialog: Wayne, it's raining... it's dark... I'm exhausted...
70) 0) text: Annie's driving through the spring thunderstorm with Way rain makes the pavement a black mirror. The windshield wi occasionally splashes the landscape with shuddering light Annie glances over at Wayne, who's smoking a cigarette, a violent night. Now off to her left Annie can make out the long white fen sees in her headlights the mailbox marked BARKSDALE... an road. Ahead of them they see among the trees the lights of Donn
70) 3) dialog: I don't know what's gonna happen... WAYNE (softly) Me neither...
71) 0) text: They get out of the car. Within seconds Annie is soaked. standing by the car staring at the pond. Annie moves arou
71) 2) dialog: All right.
71) 4) dialog: Yeah, in the glove compartment. Wayne opens the car door again. The dome light comes on. glove compartment, pulls out the flashlight. ON ANNIE'S FACE, staring at the flashlight - and then we:
71) 36) dialog: I think we better go back -
71) 38) dialog: No- And now Wayne shines the flashlight full into Annie's fac and streaming with rain - she blinks in the light. WAYNE (softly) You know... They're standing right at the top of the bank. Annie back the mud, she regains her balance, but now finds herself m as Wayne advances on her, the flashlight never straying f WAYNE (pleading and desperate) I'm a good man, Annie. I'm not some killer. You don't kno like - Annie's into the shallow water of the pond now, still bac continues to rage.
71) 39) dialog: Wayne, let's go to my house. I'll read for you - I'll tal
71) 41) text: You know I think a lot of you. if it had been you with me her, none of this would've happened. (tears springing to his eyes - in anguish) My God - Wayne lunges for Annie, gets her by the arm, Annie strugg thunder RIPS, she rakes his face with her fingernails, he her head underwater, she is drowning, she bites his arm, sloshing frantically toward the bank, he dives for her an water in the crazy light of the lightning, he lifts his f bring it smashing down on her skull - His wrist is grabbed.
71) 44) dialog: He's drownin' - And Buddy and Annie grab Wayne under the arms, start drag They drag Wayne up the bank, and then toward Annie's car. keeps looking at him, hardly able to believe he's actuall ANNIE (as they reach her car) In the trunk... Annie opens the trunk, and they lift and shove and roll W heavy, and the hair on the side of his head is matted wit jumper cables, hands one to Buddy. They tie Wayne's ankle back. Wayne gives a faint MOAN, moves his head a little. Annie puts her hands on the trunk lid - looks down at Way moment - then shuts the trunk. Now she turns to Buddy, wh
72) 0) text: Annie and Buddy get in. Annie starts up the car, turns an Buddy.
72) 1) dialog: How'd you get out here anyway? Buddy smiles a quiet, mysterious smile...
72) 3) text: The storm has passed over now, only an occasional raindro turns off the vipers. Annie looks over at Buddy, who is sitting beside her star uncharacteristic calmness about him, an odd sort of... th
72) 4) dialog: Buddy... you're supposed to be in the hospital... Buddy looks over at Annie, and smiles.
73) 0) text: Annie's car pulls up in front.
74) 0) text: Annie switches off. the motor, then looks over at Buddy.
75) 0) text: As Annie walks away from the car she hears a THUDDING NOI anguished GROAN. Now she hurries up the sidewalk, and up ON BUDDY, sitting in the car, watching her go...
76) 0) text: Annie is walking with two deputies quickly down the hall
77) 0) text: Annie and the deputies come out.
78) 0) text: Annie sits in Sheriff Johnson's little glassed-in cubicle steaming cup of coffee. in the outer office, we see Pearl a deputy. Now both Sheriff and deputy stare in at Annie. Now the Sheriff comes in, takes a seat at his desk.
78) 2) dialog: Okay. The Sheriff pulls a half-smoked cigar out of his pocket,
78) 5) dialog: How's his head?
78) 7) dialog: No, Sheriff, I told you, it was Buddy Cole - he saved me
78) 10) dialog: Sheriff, I'm tallin' you, it was -
78) 12) dialog: Buddy escaped, he - SHERIFF JOHNSON Ma'am - Buddy Cole is dead. He hanged his in the shower room at seven o'clock this evenin' ... From Annie's stunned face, we:
79) 0) text: Annie, Mike, Miller, and Ben are standing in front of a Now we get a look at the name on the tombstone: "BUDDY CO ANNIE (to Miller) Go ahead... Miller puts some flowers on the grave. They stand there q then Annie starts to usher her kids away. MIKE (anxiously) Mama? Annie looks at Mike...she knows what he wants... Annie no smiles too. The Wilsons walk across the cemetery. The grass is lush a with billowy white clouds sailing across the sky like shi the flowers, till they reach another grave. Annie and her kids stand there looking at it... the tombs Annie's eyes moisten - she seems to be making an effort t
79) 2) dialog: Daddy's not in the ground - but I think he can see us...