2) 10) dialog: Mike! Mrs. Francis heads toward the house next door: the brick MRS. FRANCIS (screeching) Annie! Annie, come out, Mike's fightin’ in the street! The main entrance to the house is of f of a carport where After a moment, the door and the screen door open, and ou The screen door BANGS shut behind her as Annie, early 30' grass toward the street. She's wearing a simple loose pas tennis shoes. She's extremely lovely.
12) 0) text: Annie, in her nightgown, stands at the doorway of her son ANNIE'S POV: HER THREE SONS ASLEEP. Miller and Ben are in one bed, Mike in another. A lamp on Mike's sporting his new black eye. A book is lying open a Annie comes in quietly, picks up the book. it's a small p of Mike and his father at a zoo. Annie puts the book on a shelf, and turns off the light. As she moves back out into the hall towards her bedroom, the front door.
13) 10) dialog: Mama, can I have a troll doll?
14) 0) text: OPEN ON BEN, playing with Butch, a rather mean-looking bu a long chain. Another ANGLE shows us Annie, hanging her wash on a cloth day. Only a drifting white cloud or two interrupts the sk herself, her and her wash drenched in sunlight, holds a c sheet. Suddenly a look of astonishment appears on Annie's face. An OLD WOMAN ina gingham dress and a sun bonnet is walkin carrying a basket of fruit. Now the old woman reaches Annie. Under the shadow of the woman's clear blue smiling eyes regarding her. ANNIE (in an awed whisper) Granny? Granny, what are you doing here?
15) 0) text: Ben is on the floor, half watching a cartoon on televisio troll dolls. A COUPLE OF RATHER OVER-DRESSED, OVER-STUFFE ROUGED AND -POWDERED LADIES are waiting for readings, lea Miller, kneeling on some newspapers a few feet from Ben a can of paint and a paint brush, and is painting the wall Now Ben looks around at the women with his face scrunche
15) 1) dialog: Somethin’ smells like cat pee. MILLER (in a loud half-whisper) That's perfume, Ben. And you're not suppose to cuss in fr the pointments.
20) 0) text: Annie sees a row of lockers and wooden benches along one middle of the room, and toilet facilities and a shower ro around. She moves forward; but as she passes the row of l woman LAUGH.
28) 0) text: Miller and Ben are sitting on the floor, where Miller's a The phone RINGS. Annie enters from the kitchen, looking w across the room.
34) 1) dialog: I want icin’, Mama.
41) 18) text: Ben and Miller are in the front seat with Annie, Mike is his Ninja Turtles lunchbox, pulls out a pack of Twinkies.
41) 24) dialog: I want a Twinkie, Mama. They're in front of the school now. Annie pulls over to t MILLER (leaning over to kiss Annie) Bye, Mama.
41) 27) dialog: I want a Twinkie, Mama.
42) 0) text: Annie pulls her car into the carport. She and Ben get out ANNIE (exasperated) Ben, from now on "Twinkie" is the T word. You don't say i think it, you don't - Ben's face scrunches up, and he begins to CRY. With a si mailbox. Among the usual bills and junk, a large manila e address is spelled out in big block printing with a red M
43) 0) text: The courthouse is a three-story brick building, set in a trimmed grass. Annie parks her car out front, gets out, a couple of old man playing checkers on a bench.
52) 0) text: Annie's sitting with her three sons on the couch. Ben's i at her.
59) 0) text: Annie's on the phone. Miller is at the table with Ben, co
79) 0) text: Annie, Mike, Miller, and Ben are standing in front of a Now we get a look at the name on the tombstone: "BUDDY CO ANNIE (to Miller) Go ahead... Miller puts some flowers on the grave. They stand there q then Annie starts to usher her kids away. MIKE (anxiously) Mama? Annie looks at Mike...she knows what he wants... Annie no smiles too. The Wilsons walk across the cemetery. The grass is lush a with billowy white clouds sailing across the sky like shi the flowers, till they reach another grave. Annie and her kids stand there looking at it... the tombs Annie's eyes moisten - she seems to be making an effort t