8) 2) dialog: (taking a look at the door) I can get around to it in a hour or two. Did you want to
8) 4) dialog: Well, just leave it and I'll carry you home. I can bring probably by six. That all right?
8) 6) dialog: You stop that. You know you ain't gotta pay me.
8) 8) dialog: I said you stop it now. As much as you've - well, you kno At first we've gotten the feeling that Buddy's attracted different's at work: Buddy's looking at her as if she's a
8) 9) dialog: I just think the world of you. Well, you're about the onl I can call a friend to me. He blushes.
8) 10) dialog: I'll get the truck.
8) 11) text: Buddy is driving Annie home. Annie looks caringly at Bud
8) 14) dialog: Well, I hope. I believe you when you tell me. They fall silent. Buddy's mood seems sad and dark and swe to get tense. He shifts in his seat, and grips the steeri starts to shake, and then he makes LOW MOANING SOUNDS.
8) 17) dialog: You have to tell me! You have to tell me now! If you don' to kill myself before the sun goes down.
8) 19) dialog: Thank you. ‘Cause if you'd said yes, I'd have to kill mys sundown.
27) 0) text: Annie's reading for Buddy.
27) 1) dialog: I just can't get through a wall of some kind in my head. Sometimes I don't know the difference between my head and
27) 3) dialog: Yes ma'am. If he seen me havin' a good time with somethin somethin’, he I d take it away from me.
27) 5) dialog: Daddy's a good man. I don't hate him. He's good to Mama a kid needs hit with a belt sometimes.
27) 7) dialog: You tell my why I hate him! You're the goddamn psychic! (takes a deep breath, tries to calm down) I'm sorry. I didn't mean to yell at you. (starts to cry) Please help me feel better. Them pills ain't really doin' and I keep thinkin’ about the blue diamond...
27) 11) dialog: Ihave a hard time concentratin' on anything. ANNIE (with a sigh) So do I, Buddy...
33) 5) dialog: Miller, you okay? MILLER (trying not to burst into tears) He said Mama's a witch and they're gonna burn ‘er up! A strange smile comes to Buddy's face as he turns and loo
33) 6) dialog: Oh, he did... ? DONNIE (warningly) Buddy, you better mind your own bidness...
33) 7) dialog: J intend to, Donnie. Buddy walks back to his truck, opens the door of the cab, and walks back towards the pickup.
33) 8) dialog: Stand back, Miller... Buddy lifts the tire iron above his head, and smashes it There follows a frenzy of GRUNTING and smashing as the wi Donnie and his cringing brother with chunks and fragments ON MILLER, looking on wide-eyed at the violence. Donnie reaches in the glove compartment, pulls out a .38 Buddy. DONNIE (to get his attention) Cocksucker! Buddy looks at Donnie and the gun, panting, a wild look i Donnie, bends over a little, and presses his forehead aga BUDDY (grinning) Shoot me. Shoot me, motherfucker. Shoot me. Donnie's brother Jed has had enough - as he knocks some g
33) 10) dialog: What the hell you lookin' at? The man scuttles back inside, as Buddy walks slowly back
50) 0) text: Mike slips in the door, stands at the back of the courtro Donnie Barksdale in the murder of Jessica King is already David Duncan is questioning a witness. Barksdale, wearing an uncharacteristic suit, sits at the WEEMS, a small skinny bespectacled man wearing a blue bla Behind Donnie Barksdale sits his wife Anita, his brother the Barksdale clan. Duncan's ASSISTANT sits at the defense table, and in the sitting Wayne Pullman and a thin and ill-looking Kenneth The JUDGE is a distinguished- looking man in his 60's. The JURY is seven men and five women, nine white and thre The trial's a Big Event in Parker, and the courtroom's cr middle of the crowd, Mike spots Annie, sitting with her f obviously not wanting to be seen by his mother. VOICE (in a loud whisper) Mike - Mike looks and sees Buddy Cole, sitting in the back row. BUDDY (as Mike sits down beside him) Why ain't you in school?
50) 2) dialog: If she sees you your mama'll skin you alive - Mike shrugs, settling in to watch the action. ON ANNIE, watching. The handsome young D.A. is questionin graying black man in his 501s, Who's wearing an old brown
51) 6) dialog: You said I should think and talk and I been thinkin’. Tel things to myself when I think about Daddy. I do somethin' I think about him then I feel better. Annie spots Anita and Jed and some other Barksdales gathe at her, Anita with a sort of helplessness, the rest with
51) 8) dialog: Ineed your help. I need you to tell me things.
51) 11) dialog: I jacked off god damn it! When I thought of the old basta I'm crazy, ain't 1? Somethin’ bad wrong with me, help me. we go to your house and talk? They've reached Annie's car now. Annie's shocked by what own world.
51) 13) dialog: I won't? You promise?
52) 6) text: Annie Wilson, it's Buddy's mother, Buddy's gone crazy and threatenin' to kill his daddy! (SCREAMS and CURSES in the background) Please get here right now, he's done hit Oren with a hamm
54) 0) text: Annie and Buddy's mother come around the side of the hous sees. Old snapshots are strewn across the grass. In the middle from the waist up, BUDDY'S FATHER is tied to a metal lawn father, Buddy has carefully placed framed photographs of alone, some with his parents, and some with just his fath over his father, a belt in one hand and a can of gasoline pants with the gas.
54) 2) dialog: It's too late for that, ma'am. It's too god damn late. Th front of you. And he's gonna be punished. Buddy starts to swing his belt, striking his father in th SCREAMS.
54) 3) text: You ruined me you bastard! I was just a little kid! How c that to a little kid! You're sick and I'm sick! You made ANNIE (moving towards them) Buddy, stop it! Now Buddy swings the belt wildly at Annie, keeping her at
54) 4) dialog: Why didn't you help me? You didn't help me! I thought you the future! I thought you could tell the past and help me a friend and now I don't have nobody! I'm killin’ this! I He stuck it in his little boy! His little boy! Buddy suddenly drops the gas can and withdraws a lighter ANNIE (lunging towards him) No, Buddy - But Buddy shoves her and sends her sprawling, then turns soaked pants. Oren Cole goes up in flames, as his wife runs around to t hysterically for help. Annie comes to her feet, tries to her back with his belt, as though guarding his father. Hi because of the rag in his mouth. And now Annie's moved to and she stares in horror at his bulging, bare belly. ANNIE'S POV THROUGH THE FLAMES: A LARGE TATTOO Of A BLUE Buddy points to his burning father's tattoo and looks int
54) 5) dialog: Look into that goddamn thing and tell me what kind of tho
55) 0) text: The quiet little street is quiet no longer. Neighbors cro are parked in front of the house, and Buddy's father, MOA trundled along on a gurney by two paramedics, his sobbing Annie's sitting on the curb, watching it all. Buddy's fat climbs in after him, and now the ambulance takes off, SIR And now Annie hears CUSSING and YELLING coming from the d Buddy's being removed from the house by two cops. His han ankles are cuffed together, and a third pair of handcuffs cops are carrying him like a human suitcase. Annie watches as Buddy, snarling and twisting, is tossed car takes Buddy away. ON ANNIE, all alone on the curb...
71) 43) dialog: Buddy wrenches the flashlight from Wayne's grasp, and bef Wayne hard in the side of the head with it. Wayne drops without a sound into the water. Breathing hard, Annie stares at Buddy, as he stands in fr BUDDY (softly) You okay, Miz Wilson? Annie nods. She looks down at Wayne, who's floating face burbling up around his head.
71) 45) text: Will you go back into town with me? Buddy nods.
72) 0) text: Annie and Buddy get in. Annie starts up the car, turns an Buddy.
72) 3) text: The storm has passed over now, only an occasional raindro turns off the vipers. Annie looks over at Buddy, who is sitting beside her star uncharacteristic calmness about him, an odd sort of... th
72) 5) dialog: I escaped, Miz Wilson. I'm free! ANNIE (after a pause) Buddy, I'm sorry I wasn't there for you. I should've -
72) 6) dialog: Now don't you say nothin’ else. You were the only one tha to me. I love you. You're the soul of this town, Miz Wils need to keep on doin' what you're doin’ ... And now Buddy looks straight ahead again, with the same c
74) 0) text: Annie switches off. the motor, then looks over at Buddy.
74) 1) text: Buddy - you know you're gonna have to go back...
74) 2) dialog: Yes ma'am... I know... Now Annie gets out of the car.
75) 0) text: As Annie walks away from the car she hears a THUDDING NOI anguished GROAN. Now she hurries up the sidewalk, and up ON BUDDY, sitting in the car, watching her go...
79) 0) text: Annie, Mike, Miller, and Ben are standing in front of a Now we get a look at the name on the tombstone: "BUDDY CO ANNIE (to Miller) Go ahead... Miller puts some flowers on the grave. They stand there q then Annie starts to usher her kids away. MIKE (anxiously) Mama? Annie looks at Mike...she knows what he wants... Annie no smiles too. The Wilsons walk across the cemetery. The grass is lush a with billowy white clouds sailing across the sky like shi the flowers, till they reach another grave. Annie and her kids stand there looking at it... the tombs Annie's eyes moisten - she seems to be making an effort t