13) 3) dialog: Can I come in and talk to you, it's about my wife Somethi to her. ANNIE (alarmed) What's happened? Is she okay?
13) 5) dialog: Ma'am, I promise I'll just take a minute. Annie reluctantly relents, unhooks the chain. She steps b in. He's a big man with broad shoulders and a rough but not u her nightgown, vary of him. He's smiling a little, lookin DONNIE (with quiet venom) What's happened to her is she's gettin’ her head filled f shit by a goddamned Satan worshipper or a damn good con artist, one of the two. I know she's been comin' over to you and your damn voodoo. You tell her bad things about m don't you? You ain't no better than a Jew or a nigger. He reaches in his pocket and pulls out a cute squat littl toy, a “troll doll." He holds it up in front of her.
13) 6) dialog: You know what this is? It's a voodoo doll. I'm gonna use doll on you. Some of your own medicine, if you don't stop I'm stickin' me a pin in this thing ever' night till you alone. He looks at something behind Annie. Annie turns, and sees frightened, standing in their pajamas all in a row.
13) 8) dialog: I bet you love those little childern, don't you? I bet th don't they? ANNIE (with cold fury) You get your ass out of my house and don't you threaten m You can whack your wife around but I'm not afraid of the What I do is my business and if your wife has any sense s so far behind you'll never find her. Now get out of here thrown in jail. Donnie starts for the door, grinning. Just before he clos
13) 9) dialog: Messin’ with the devil will get you burned. Everybody kno I'll see you soon, boys. Now he leaves - and Annie hurries to lock the door behin mom, bewildered and scared - but Ben has a mild look on h
17) 0) text: Donnie drags Anita down the hallway, Anita SCREAMING at t CURSING her. Now Annie comes out of her room after them.
28) 2) dialog: You like what I did to your panties? Did you lick it off? As she hears the voice of Donnie Barksdale, Annie's heart
28) 3) dialog: You ever see anybody skin a squirrel? You stick a knife i and - zip? Well, that's what I'm gonna do to you and your if you call the police again - Annie abruptly hangs up ... stares at her kids, oblivious
33) 0) text: ON MILLER, walking. Behind Miller, we see the pickup truck turning a corner, gets alongside Miller, we see Donnie Barksdale, his arm h younger, fatter, less-handsome version of Donnie, his bro DONNIE (with a friendly smile) Where ya goin’, son? Miller stops and looks at Donnie - he recognizes him - he
33) 2) dialog: Hop in and we'll give yaa ride. Miller shakes his head, resumes walking. The truck creeps
33) 3) dialog: I got a question for you. You know my wife, Anita? She be see your mama lately? (Miller keeps walking) Hey boy! I asked you a question. Miller stops again, turns to face the truck.
33) 4) dialog: You know, I feel real sorry for you and your brothers - I bein' a witch and all. If she don't stop her evil ways, gonna burn 'or up - and then you boys are gonna be left w a mama - A tow truck, with a car hitched on, has topped a hill in stop in front of the pickup, and Buddy Cole gets out. He terrified look on his face, and casting a suspicious look
41) 7) dialog: You think I let that damn little ninnie talk for me?
50) 0) text: Mike slips in the door, stands at the back of the courtro Donnie Barksdale in the murder of Jessica King is already David Duncan is questioning a witness. Barksdale, wearing an uncharacteristic suit, sits at the WEEMS, a small skinny bespectacled man wearing a blue bla Behind Donnie Barksdale sits his wife Anita, his brother the Barksdale clan. Duncan's ASSISTANT sits at the defense table, and in the sitting Wayne Pullman and a thin and ill-looking Kenneth The JUDGE is a distinguished- looking man in his 60's. The JURY is seven men and five women, nine white and thre The trial's a Big Event in Parker, and the courtroom's cr middle of the crowd, Mike spots Annie, sitting with her f obviously not wanting to be seen by his mother. VOICE (in a loud whisper) Mike - Mike looks and sees Buddy Cole, sitting in the back row. BUDDY (as Mike sits down beside him) Why ain't you in school?
50) 61) text: Yes sir. He said held kilt a stray cat, and she hadn't li ‘er. A ripple of excitement moves through the courtroom, and s Donnie Barksdale in disgust and horror...
56) 59) dialog: He's the first and only witness in his own defense. Geral
56) 63) dialog: Well, I'd been seein’ her for quite a while -
56) 65) dialog: I mean her and me'd been havin' sex. ANGLES ON WAYNE, AND ON DONNIE'S WIFE ANITA.
56) 67) dialog: Well, she called me about 11 o'clock, and said she was in to have sex with me -
56) 69) dialog: She was in the mood to fuck me, is what she said. So I to her out at Pee Jay's, and I told my wife I was .goin' out
56) 75) dialog: We went in my truck down this little old dirt road - and BACK TO THE COURTROOM.
56) 77) dialog: That's right.
56) 79) dialog: Yes Sir.
56) 81) dialog: Well, we got in a argument. She told me she didn't want t more.
56) 83) dialog: She said she was gettin' married in a couple of months, a to stop playin' around - at least till after the weddin'.
56) 86) dialog: J ain't proud of it, but - yes Sir.
56) 89) dialog: Well, she banged her head purty hard when she went down -
56) 91) dialog: So I decided to take her to the hospital to get her check
56) 93) dialog: See, a few years back my daddy hit his head in the barn, the doctor and then he got one of then blood clots on the dropped dead right in front of me - so I was kind of scar
56) 96) dialog: No sir. Jessie said she was afraid somebody at the hospit her, and she said she was feelin’ better anyhow...
56) 101) dialog: Yes sir - the very last.
56) 103) dialog: No sir.
56) 105) dialog: Sure it was. I get this green scum on my pond, and ever' I hook that chain up to this old phone pole and I drag th pond to get that green stuff off. That chain's been down years - hell anybody coulda come along and used it -
56) 107) dialog: I'm guilty of cheatin’ on my wife, of bein’ a bad husband Christian - but I ain't guilty of killin' Jessie. I swear
56) 113) dialog: I wouldn't say that I exactly beat 'er up -
56) 116) dialog: I told you about my daddy - and anyhow, I've took Anita t plenty of times...
56) 122) dialog: I'm not sayin’ it was a coincidence -
56) 125) dialog: No-
56) 127) dialog: Yeah -
56) 129) dialog: Yeah, but -
56) 131) dialog: Yeah, but I was lyin' - my wife was standin’ right there
56) 134) dialog: She's a goddamn witch! She's puttin’ spells on ever'-damn The color drains from Annie's face. Everybody's looking a LINDA (touching her arm) Oh, darlin’... And now as the Judge POUNDS his gavel for order, and the at the outburst he's provoked, and Donnie Barksdale conti courtroom. DONNIE (his face red, his lips flecked with spit) Witch! Witch!!!!! WITCH!