11) 13) dialog: (putting a restraining hand on his arm) You just go out the hall and it's to the left, you can't (brightly) I had my first period there. ANNIE (moving toward the door) Thanks a lot, Mr. Pullman. I'm sorry about all this.
11) 15) dialog: You're not that Wilson that's a fortune taller, are you? ANNIE (pausing at the door; a bit wary) I don't call myself that.
11) 16) dialog: I'd love for you to read my fortune.
11) 18) dialog: So do you think we'll live happily ever after? Jessica has grabbed Wayne's arm, it's like she's posing obviously wants to disengage as fast as she can - but now appears in her eyes. For a long moment, she stares at the JESSICA (suddenly chilled) What's the matter? You see something bad? Now Annie seems to shake herself ever so slightly, as tho ANNIE (softly) ‘Course not. I'm sure y'all will be real happy together. Annie moves to the door and, after giving them a final gl Jessica smiles, trying to shrug off her momentary unease.
11) 19) dialog: She's kind of pretty... in a country sort of way - don't
11) 21) dialog: She didn't care. What are you defendin' her for anyway?
11) 23) dialog: Anyhow, I have to meet Daddy for lunch at the Country Clu (moving into his arms) I've only got a few minutes, let's have a quickie.
11) 26) dialog: Think I can... "put it in the hole"? She tosses the ball towards the miniature goal. It bounce back at Wayne. JESSICA (softly) You try... Wayne moves across the office towards Jessica, bends her between her legs, kissing her ferociously...
19) 12) dialog: How nice... That's a great outfit. So... demure.
20) 4) dialog: Then you better fuck me fast...
22) 17) dialog: Wayne? I've been lookin, for you everywhere.
22) 19) dialog: Come on, let's go talk to Daddy. He's feelin’ depressed t deal he was workin' on went bad - Wayne exchanges a last look with Annie before being drag Annie puts her shoes back on; but she doesn't get up - ke glow in the grass of Wayne's discarded cigarette - then s
30) 0) text: Annie's at the counter, mixing some cake mix in a big blu with a troubled expression at the front page of the Parke There's a photograph of Jessica King, underneath a big he
39) 0) text: Annie pushes open the screen door, moves down the steps a on over her nightgown, and is sipping a glass of milk. The night is still. The sky is clear, and holds a big whi Under the big oak tree, the bulldog Butch is sleeping hal opens his eyes and lifts his head as Annie wanders his wa bowed legs towards her. Annie leans down, scratches Butch behind his ears. Out of the clear sky, a drop of water splashes the back o Annie looks up. About 20 feet above her head, among the branches of the o King. It is nude and bloated and wet and ghastly and whit wrapped around it. Jessica's beautiful hair floats around against the branches as though moved by the undulations o and as empty as anything you'll ever see. Annie's beholding this in sheer terror. Now Butch WHIMPER her. Annie looks down, stepping back and pushing Butch aw When she looks up again, there is nothing in the tree tha leaves, which stir and SIGH a little as a breeze comes up
50) 0) text: Mike slips in the door, stands at the back of the courtro Donnie Barksdale in the murder of Jessica King is already David Duncan is questioning a witness. Barksdale, wearing an uncharacteristic suit, sits at the WEEMS, a small skinny bespectacled man wearing a blue bla Behind Donnie Barksdale sits his wife Anita, his brother the Barksdale clan. Duncan's ASSISTANT sits at the defense table, and in the sitting Wayne Pullman and a thin and ill-looking Kenneth The JUDGE is a distinguished- looking man in his 60's. The JURY is seven men and five women, nine white and thre The trial's a Big Event in Parker, and the courtroom's cr middle of the crowd, Mike spots Annie, sitting with her f obviously not wanting to be seen by his mother. VOICE (in a loud whisper) Mike - Mike looks and sees Buddy Cole, sitting in the back row. BUDDY (as Mike sits down beside him) Why ain't you in school?
71) 12) text: Wayne's car enters the parking lot. He's got a beer in hi He's cruising, looking for Jessica. And now he sees her M lot...
71) 16) dialog: I couldn't sleep -
71) 24) dialog: What?
71) 27) dialog: ‘Cause I felt like bein' with a man for a change. (reaching for her clothes) Listen, we're through. I don't like bein’ spied on. I don I'm with you anyway - it's just 'cause Daddy likes you. WAYNE (not letting her go) You horrible little bitch!
71) 28) dialog: T'll show you a bitch if you don't let me go- (beginning to struggle) Let me go, Wayne - you're drunk - Wayne - Jessica hits Wayne in the face. Wayne, enraged, bends Jes
71) 34) text: Wayne's dragging Jessica's chain-wrapped body down the ba frogs are CROAKING. As he steps into the water, he sees a smooth surface, making ripples of starlight. Wayne wades into the water with Jessica's body in tow, ti he releases Jessica, and she sinks out of sight with a fi Wayne wades back to the bank. As he's about to step out o being watched. He looks up, and sees standing in a row on him, their tongues lolling, Tommy Lee Ballard's four lost