18) 2) dialog: ‘Cause it's time you quit livin’ like a nun. Linda lights up a cigarette. She has bleached-blonde poof wearing a black satin dress with red sequins, cut low eno walks. LINDA (not kidding) Don't worry, darlin’, you'll be the prettiest girl here n
19) 0) text: Annie and Linda sit at a table near a dance floor, Annie enwreathed in tobacco smoke, belting down bourbon. A MIDD WITH AN ENORMOUSLY FAT LEAD SINGER is playing on a small crowded with the Parker elite, nicely dressed people rang something. LINDA (grabbing Annie's arm) Annie, there he is!
19) 2) dialog: That man I was tellin’ you about. (pointing) By the bar. Doesn't he look exactly like George Clooney? Now Annie sees "GEORGE" - leaning on the bar, talking to resemble George Clooney on his worst... no, not even then handsome; Now he happens to glance up and see Linda point LINDA (jerking her hand down) Oh my god he saw me. Annie, get your cards out quick, see gonna come over here.
19) 21) dialog: I'll dance. It's all probably part of a ploy to make "George" jealou grabs Wayne's hand. Wayne looks over his shoulder at Anni leads him away. Annie's left alone at the table - but only momentarily. She looks up - not too far up - and sees standing at her older than 20 or taller than five feet six. He' a grinnin
19) 25) dialog: Darlin’, if you don't drink it it's gonna evaporate. (suddenly freezing) Oh my god. Here he comes. Annie looks and sees "George" making his way across the r
19) 26) dialog: Annie, what'll I say? ANNIE (soothingly) Just be yourself... "George" reaches their table - smiles down at, to Annie's
19) 29) text: (all but batting her eyes) Hello, Eric. Eric gives Linda a perfunctory nod.
19) 31) dialog: She's my guest. I'm here all the time. Poor thing, she ha the house. She's got three kids to take care of. The olde (patting Annie's hand sympathetically) Sometimes we're a lot older than we look, aren't we, Anni
19) 34) dialog: (shooting Annie a grateful look) It's on the other side of the band down that little hallw (as Annie moves away) Take your time! - (to Eric, who's wondering how Annie got away) Now where'd you get that tie? ON ANNIE, moving past the band. She reaches the indicated door that says "WOMEN'S LOCKER ROOM." A bit uncertainly,
29) 0) text: Following the Sunday service, churchgoers are spilling ou concrete steps, Annie and her sons among them. Annie look steps they pass near Annie's friend Linda, who's talking sees Annie and heads for her, an urgent look on her face. LINDA (as though imparting a state secret) Annie, I know why Kenneth King wasn't in church today! ANNIE (truly and deeply not caring) Why?
29) 1) dialog: His daughter's disappeared. ANNIE (surprised) Jessica? (to her kids) Y'all run on to the car, I'll be there in a minute. When they're out of earshot, Annie turns back to Linda, w as a tick with her gossip.
29) 3) dialog: Well, Kenneth woke up this mornin’ and Jessica wasn't the hadn't been slept in. So he called over to Wayne Pullman' but Wayne hadn't seen her since last night. Now Kenneth out combin' the county lookin’ for her. Annie, you think she her and Wayne were supposed to be married in June, maybe she It is as though a shadow moves across Annie's face.
29) 5) dialog: Maybe this'll clear the way for you and Wayne - .
29) 7) dialog: I saw the way y'all were lookin’ at each other Friday nig just had stars in your eyes -
29) 9) dialog: Annie, love is nuts. (giving her the once-over as she takes a drag on her ciga You look just terrible, darlin’, you oughta get more rest
51) 0) text: The trial's been adjourned for the day, and the spectator Linda among them.
51) 1) dialog: That little squirrel Gerald Weems! And to think I used to