1) 0) text: It's a one-story structure of yellow brick. School has le on bikes, in yellow buses, and in the cars of their moms. The CAMERA MOVES IN ON two brothers, MIKE, 11, and MILLER PUDGY BOY and a BIG-FOR-HIS-AGE BOY of Mike's age, and a BOY of Miller's age. As they approach the street, a stude lowers a cane pole with a red flag attached to stop a car
2) 3) dialog: It don't mean that, Stanley. Paul Dean's just playin’ wit
2) 5) dialog: You're too little to know. The boys are walking through an intersection of two quiet Dean stops, looks down the street to the right, and point brick, which has a couple of cars parked out front.
5) 8) dialog: What?
5) 11) dialog: You act like I'm a kid.
11) 0) text: Annie appears at the open door of the office. Standing against one wall is a miniature basketball goal, miniature basketball. WAYNE PULLMAN, in his 30's, good-lo sleeve white shirt and a colorful tie, looks up from some WAYNE (gets up and shakes Annie's hand) Hi, Mrs. Wilson, have a seat. ANNIE (looking around) Where's Mike?
12) 0) text: Annie, in her nightgown, stands at the doorway of her son ANNIE'S POV: HER THREE SONS ASLEEP. Miller and Ben are in one bed, Mike in another. A lamp on Mike's sporting his new black eye. A book is lying open a Annie comes in quietly, picks up the book. it's a small p of Mike and his father at a zoo. Annie puts the book on a shelf, and turns off the light. As she moves back out into the hall towards her bedroom, the front door.
25) 4) dialog: Mama? She looks around and sees Mike and his two brothers stand at the table.
28) 5) dialog: Mama? Annie looks over...sees Mike standing in the doorway in h
28) 7) text: I don't know. Annie notices Mike is looking at the baseball bat leaning
28) 9) dialog: Mama? How come we never go out to the cemetery and see Da
28) 11) dialog: Seems like you have time for a lot of strangers.
28) 13) dialog: Mama?
41) 18) text: Ben and Miller are in the front seat with Annie, Mike is his Ninja Turtles lunchbox, pulls out a pack of Twinkies.
41) 21) dialog: I don't see why you gotta keep drivin’ us to school, that
41) 26) dialog: He's still out sick. ANNIE (after a pause) Okay, honey. Behave yourself. Mike makes a sour face as he slams the back door. Annie p
48) 0) text: Mike's peddling his bike furiously down the street.
49) 0) text: Mike comes up on his bike, jumps the curb, peddles up the dismounts, locks his bike up with a chain, and runs up th
50) 0) text: Mike slips in the door, stands at the back of the courtro Donnie Barksdale in the murder of Jessica King is already David Duncan is questioning a witness. Barksdale, wearing an uncharacteristic suit, sits at the WEEMS, a small skinny bespectacled man wearing a blue bla Behind Donnie Barksdale sits his wife Anita, his brother the Barksdale clan. Duncan's ASSISTANT sits at the defense table, and in the sitting Wayne Pullman and a thin and ill-looking Kenneth The JUDGE is a distinguished- looking man in his 60's. The JURY is seven men and five women, nine white and thre The trial's a Big Event in Parker, and the courtroom's cr middle of the crowd, Mike spots Annie, sitting with her f obviously not wanting to be seen by his mother. VOICE (in a loud whisper) Mike - Mike looks and sees Buddy Cole, sitting in the back row. BUDDY (as Mike sits down beside him) Why ain't you in school?
50) 1) dialog: I wanted to see this.
50) 67) dialog: They're talkin’ about Mama...
57) 2) dialog: Is everything gonna be all right now, Mama? Annie's face looks troubled - but she manages a nod and a
79) 0) text: Annie, Mike, Miller, and Ben are standing in front of a Now we get a look at the name on the tombstone: "BUDDY CO ANNIE (to Miller) Go ahead... Miller puts some flowers on the grave. They stand there q then Annie starts to usher her kids away. MIKE (anxiously) Mama? Annie looks at Mike...she knows what he wants... Annie no smiles too. The Wilsons walk across the cemetery. The grass is lush a with billowy white clouds sailing across the sky like shi the flowers, till they reach another grave. Annie and her kids stand there looking at it... the tombs Annie's eyes moisten - she seems to be making an effort t