1) 0) text: It's a one-story structure of yellow brick. School has le on bikes, in yellow buses, and in the cars of their moms. The CAMERA MOVES IN ON two brothers, MIKE, 11, and MILLER PUDGY BOY and a BIG-FOR-HIS-AGE BOY of Mike's age, and a BOY of Miller's age. As they approach the street, a stude lowers a cane pole with a red flag attached to stop a car
1) 2) dialog: Me too.
2) 4) dialog: What does it mean?
2) 7) dialog: Our mama ain't no witch! MIKE (his face darkening) Miller, you keep walkin’.
2) 13) dialog: The boys called you a witch, mama, and Mike beat 'em up.
5) 2) dialog: Aw Mama, can't we stay up just a little bit?
5) 4) dialog: Mama, what does "fuck" mean? ANNIE (taking it in stride) It's a bad word for something nice.
5) 5) dialog: But what does it mean?
12) 0) text: Annie, in her nightgown, stands at the doorway of her son ANNIE'S POV: HER THREE SONS ASLEEP. Miller and Ben are in one bed, Mike in another. A lamp on Mike's sporting his new black eye. A book is lying open a Annie comes in quietly, picks up the book. it's a small p of Mike and his father at a zoo. Annie puts the book on a shelf, and turns off the light. As she moves back out into the hall towards her bedroom, the front door.
15) 0) text: Ben is on the floor, half watching a cartoon on televisio troll dolls. A COUPLE OF RATHER OVER-DRESSED, OVER-STUFFE ROUGED AND -POWDERED LADIES are waiting for readings, lea Miller, kneeling on some newspapers a few feet from Ben a can of paint and a paint brush, and is painting the wall Now Ben looks around at the women with his face scrunche
23) 0) text: Annie, back from her Country Club adventure, has fetched doorway waving, there are AD-LIBBED GOOD-BYES. Now Annie' across the yard to her house. Miller's walking alongside in his arms. Miller turns the pockets of his pants inside out, and cru onto the grass.
23) 2) dialog: Blueberry muffins.
23) 4) dialog: Miz Francis cooked am.
23) 6) dialog: They're in my pockets ‘ause I put ‘em there when she wasn wouldn't have to eat ‘em. Her blueberry muffins is terrib ANNIE (laughs) Are terrible, honey. She ruffles Miller's hair then kisses the top of his head They move into the carport. Annie goes in her purse for h
28) 0) text: Miller and Ben are sitting on the floor, where Miller's a The phone RINGS. Annie enters from the kitchen, looking w across the room.
31) 0) text: Miller's playing with his dog. Annie opens the screen doo for money.
32) 0) text: Miller comes walking out from around the house, heads off CAMERA MOVES in the opposite direction from Miller, to sh street, a parked pickup truck, a couple of men inside.
33) 0) text: ON MILLER, walking. Behind Miller, we see the pickup truck turning a corner, gets alongside Miller, we see Donnie Barksdale, his arm h younger, fatter, less-handsome version of Donnie, his bro DONNIE (with a friendly smile) Where ya goin’, son? Miller stops and looks at Donnie - he recognizes him - he
33) 1) dialog: Store.
41) 18) text: Ben and Miller are in the front seat with Annie, Mike is his Ninja Turtles lunchbox, pulls out a pack of Twinkies.
41) 23) dialog: Oh boy, can Butch sleep with me?
52) 4) dialog: The phone's ringin’, Mama.
59) 0) text: Annie's on the phone. Miller is at the table with Ben, co
59) 2) dialog: Mama, are we gonna run out of money? ANNIE (as she picks up the phone again) We'll be fine, honey. You just color...
79) 0) text: Annie, Mike, Miller, and Ben are standing in front of a Now we get a look at the name on the tombstone: "BUDDY CO ANNIE (to Miller) Go ahead... Miller puts some flowers on the grave. They stand there q then Annie starts to usher her kids away. MIKE (anxiously) Mama? Annie looks at Mike...she knows what he wants... Annie no smiles too. The Wilsons walk across the cemetery. The grass is lush a with billowy white clouds sailing across the sky like shi the flowers, till they reach another grave. Annie and her kids stand there looking at it... the tombs Annie's eyes moisten - she seems to be making an effort t
79) 1) dialog: Mama - can Daddy see us from out of the ground? And now a low, terrible MOAN escapes from Annie, and, as drops to her knees in front of the grave. She cries, she broken heart... Her sons are looking at her, a little frightened by what' to cry too, though Ben's too little to cry. And now Annie grabs Mike and hugs him hard, and then gathers up all thr