11) 0) text: Annie appears at the open door of the office. Standing against one wall is a miniature basketball goal, miniature basketball. WAYNE PULLMAN, in his 30's, good-lo sleeve white shirt and a colorful tie, looks up from some WAYNE (gets up and shakes Annie's hand) Hi, Mrs. Wilson, have a seat. ANNIE (looking around) Where's Mike?
11) 1) dialog: In the infirmary. (as Annie looks alarmed) Now it's nothing to get worked up about, he's just got a bruises - and I think he'll probably have a pretty good s Annie sinks down in a hard wooden chair in front of the d
11) 3) dialog: Yeah. Wayne sits down on the edge of his desk, looks at Annie. there's something that lets us know he thinks Annie's a m
11) 4) dialog: His grades are getting worse too. How's he doin’ at home?
11) 6) dialog: I don't know how you feel about therapy, but I know a goo Little Rock. If you think Mike needs someone to talk to, an appointment and -
11) 8) dialog: Do you think he will though? There's a KNOCK on the door frame - Annie and Wayne look A BEAUTIFUL WOMAN standing in the doorway. She's in her m hair and long legs and her shapely body is sheathed in st
11) 10) dialog: Ruby's out sick - Wayne looks acutely uncomfortable as the woman walks in
11) 11) dialog: Mrs. Wilson, this is Jessica King, my fiancée. Jessie, th ANNIE (as they shake hands) Nice to meet you. JESSICA (YOUNG WOMAN) (looking her over) You too. WAYNE (to Jessica) I'll be done in a minute - ANNIE (standing up) I gotta go anyway, I got people waiting. Should I take Mi
11) 12) dialog: Yeah, that might be best. I'll show you where the infirma
11) 14) dialog: It's my job. He's just a boy, that's all.
11) 20) dialog: You shouldn't have said that stuff about her bein’ a fort Sometimes you don't have any tact, Jessie. You embarrass
11) 22) dialog: I'm not defending her.
11) 24) dialog: Jessie, I can't do that. You're gonna get me fired - JESSICA (kissing his neck) Come on, Principal, get your britches down. Bend me over like you do all these little 10-year-olds. I'll let you p Jessica slides her hand down to Wayne's crotch. Wayne sta
11) 25) dialog: God damn you, Jessie... Suddenly Wayne pushes Jessica away, and moves to the door back at Jessica. Jessica smiles - picks up the miniature
19) 8) dialog: Hello.
19) 10) dialog: Sorry. (as he and Jessica sit down; to Annie) You remember Jessica - JESSICA (with her bright smile) Hi, Annie. I didn't know you were a member of the Country
19) 13) dialog: What's Mike up to tonight?
19) 15) dialog: Yeah? You know, I was thinkin' about Mike just today, I - JESSICA (wearily) Please don't talk shop tonight, Wayne. Let's just have fu in an extremely nice suit comes up to the table. TALL MAN (to Jessica) How about a dance for Daddy? JESSICA (arising with a smile) Course I will, handsome.
19) 16) dialog: Mr. King, I don't know if you've met Annie Wilson - MR. KING (TALL MAN) (shaking Annie's hand) I think I've seen you in church.
19) 19) dialog: l asked you to dance, not walk on hot coals. When was the you danced?
22) 0) text: Annie comes out, seeking fresh air. She's at the back of walkway runs along its side. A short distance away are th After a few moments Annie sees, at the other end of the w drinking a beer, Wayne. Annie hesitates, undecided about whether to make her pres for her when Wayne looks in her direction, gives her a ra Annie walks to him.
22) 1) dialog: Havin' a good time? Annie nods, unconvincingly. WAYNE (with a little laugh) Me neither... I've just come to the conclusion that I'm n Club type.
22) 3) dialog: Seen Jessica around? ANNIE (after a pause) No...
22) 4) dialog: She up and disappeared on me. She's got a way of doin’ th Wayne, obviously a little drunk, takes a pull on his bee
22) 5) dialog: What do you think of Jessica?
22) 7) dialog: The main thing about Jessie is - she's so full of life. S think I really measure up in that department.
22) 11) dialog: Where'd you grow up?
22) 16) dialog: Yeah? ANNIE (softly; meaning it) Lookin’ at these trees and these stars - listenin’ to the you think life's not a mystery? They look at each other - there's a silence - it's not ex Footsteps begin to CLOP their way down the wooden walkway
22) 18) dialog: I've been right here. JESSICA (her gaze taking in Annie) Isee. Annie inspects Jessica: there's a post-sex flush to her c begins to stand up, and Jessica grabs his hand.
35) 0) text: Three men sit uncomfortably on Annie's couch; Wayne Pullm look pale and awful, and SHERIFF PEARL JOHNSON, who's a b full head of silvery hair. Annie's sitting across from th
35) 4) dialog: We all are. Isn't there anything you can tell us? I'm gon if I don't - Wayne breaks off, distraught.
36) 4) dialog: In June.
36) 6) dialog: Please, Pearl -
40) 0) text: Pearl Johnson's driving, Kenneth King's sitting beside hi seat. Annie's looking out the window tensely. Wayne, look SHERIFF JOHNSON (to Mr. King) I think you and Wayne comin' along's a bad idea - MR. KING (ignoring him) You did got a search warrant, didn't you? I want everythi and proper.
41) 0) text: The boat, a couple of men in it, is very slowly motoring winch is at the back of the boat, with a taut nylon rope Wayne and Mr. King stand together on the bank, watching one of his deputies. The Sheriff's relighting a half-smok telephone pole. Now he looks over at Annie, who's standin
41) 5) dialog: That day at school? You looked kinda strange at me and Je think somethin' bad then? ANNIE (at a loss) Wayne, I - There's the SOUND of an engine. Annie turns and sees, bou leads to the pond, a four-wheel-drive truck, an unlit row the cab. The truck comes to a halt, and out of it jumps Donnie Bar Johnson, blood in his eyes. His wife Anita timorously fol a fresh beating.
41) 15) dialog: Help me... wake me up... Pearl wrestles Mr. King back to the bank - where King col SHERIFF JOHNSON (shouting to one of his deputies) Get a ambulance! I think he's havin’ a heart attack! The deputy runs past Annie to one of the cars. Annie's ho down her face. She looks over at Donnie Barksdale. He's f
50) 0) text: Mike slips in the door, stands at the back of the courtro Donnie Barksdale in the murder of Jessica King is already David Duncan is questioning a witness. Barksdale, wearing an uncharacteristic suit, sits at the WEEMS, a small skinny bespectacled man wearing a blue bla Behind Donnie Barksdale sits his wife Anita, his brother the Barksdale clan. Duncan's ASSISTANT sits at the defense table, and in the sitting Wayne Pullman and a thin and ill-looking Kenneth The JUDGE is a distinguished- looking man in his 60's. The JURY is seven men and five women, nine white and thre The trial's a Big Event in Parker, and the courtroom's cr middle of the crowd, Mike spots Annie, sitting with her f obviously not wanting to be seen by his mother. VOICE (in a loud whisper) Mike - Mike looks and sees Buddy Cole, sitting in the back row. BUDDY (as Mike sits down beside him) Why ain't you in school?
61) 0) text: Annie pulls out of the power company parking lot onto the when her attention is drawn to a man in gray athletic sho sidewalk, obviously roaring drunk. When she gets up even ANNIE (pulling over and cranking down the passenger windo Wayne! Wayne looks over, smiles, and then weaves her way.
61) 1) dialog: Hi, Annie -
61) 3) dialog: Ran out of beer, and figured I was too drunk to drive -
63) 0) text: Wayne's sitting on the side of the bed, as Annie kneels i shoes. The room around them's a chaos of strewn clothes a beer cans and pop bottles and half-eaten articles of food
63) 3) dialog: Why don't you join me? ANNIE (after a pause) I don't think it'd be a good idea,
63) 4) text: Can't we just forget our troubles awhile? You want to, do I know there's somethin’ between us... ANNIE (softly) I've only been with one man in my life - and when I'm wit one, I want it to be for the right reasons. Wayne fingers Annie's gold wedding band, looks at her que
63) 6) dialog: You're not though. Your husband's dead. You gotta got tha your head. Just like I gotta got through my head that Jes Annie's sitting on the side or the bed now, looking down mind...
63) 8) dialog: What do you mean?
69) 4) dialog: I walked - the rain felt good... Annie closes the door, staring at Wayne - he looks terrib and pale.
69) 6) text: He is... maybe I imagined it... Wayne sits down heavily on the couch, looks up at Annie w
69) 8) dialog: Ever since you told me what you told me today, I... I've like I'm goin’ crazy... Annie, you gotta tell me - who ki
69) 10) dialog: You said you didn't know yet. Look, I was a sceptic about but - you've convinced me.
69) 12) dialog: What if we went out there?
69) 14) dialog: To the pond. Maybe if you vent back out to where it happe Jessie was - maybe that'd help you start seein, some thin
69) 16) dialog: Annie, I can't stand another night of this... I'm begging As Annie looks at Wayne's pale, desperate face, we:
70) 0) text: Annie's driving through the spring thunderstorm with Way rain makes the pavement a black mirror. The windshield wi occasionally splashes the landscape with shuddering light Annie glances over at Wayne, who's smoking a cigarette, a violent night. Now off to her left Annie can make out the long white fen sees in her headlights the mailbox marked BARKSDALE... an road. Ahead of them they see among the trees the lights of Donn
70) 1) dialog: There's the road - Wayne's pointing to a smaller dirt road angling off to th The road's rutty and bumpy. Annie can't see much of anyth hurtling through the headlights. But now revealed to Annie, in some sudden lightning-light She moves a little closer, then stops. She switches off t The rain BATTERS the roof. Annie looks over at Wayne. He
70) 2) dialog: Ready?
71) 1) dialog: Let's just kinda walk around.
71) 9) dialog: You okay? Annie nods. She and Wayne begin to walk. The storm contin phone pole that Donnie Barksdale used for skimming algae it... FLASHBACK To POND: Jessica's nude body is lying at an angle across the pole, eyes staring at nothing. A man's hands are wrapping a cha
71) 11) dialog: You seein’ somethin’? ANNIE (quickly - too quickly) No - Wayne gives her a lingering look. They resume walking slo at Wayne, at the flashlight in his hand - and now it is a and IMAGES of the murder of Jessica King come flooding in
71) 12) text: Wayne's car enters the parking lot. He's got a beer in hi He's cruising, looking for Jessica. And now he sees her M lot...
71) 15) dialog: Just drivin' around. I thought you were goin’ to bed earl
71) 17) dialog: Wanna go for a ride? JESSICA (after a pause - with a smile) Sure. Jessica gets in Wayne's car. They leave the parking lot,
71) 20) dialog: What's the matter? JESSICA (with a shrug) Headache. Now Wayne pulls the car over into a little roadside clear headlights. Jessica is looking at him questioningly.
71) 21) dialog: Take off your clothes.
71) 25) dialog: Sex. You just fucked him, didn't you? (in disbelief) Donnie Barksdale... Jessica, after briefly considering it, decides there's no JESSICA (with a mocking, defiant smile) So?
71) 26) dialog: "So"? (grabbing her shoulders, shaking her) I love you, Jessie ... why?
71) 34) text: Wayne's dragging Jessica's chain-wrapped body down the ba frogs are CROAKING. As he steps into the water, he sees a smooth surface, making ripples of starlight. Wayne wades into the water with Jessica's body in tow, ti he releases Jessica, and she sinks out of sight with a fi Wayne wades back to the bank. As he's about to step out o being watched. He looks up, and sees standing in a row on him, their tongues lolling, Tommy Lee Ballard's four lost
71) 37) dialog: Nothin's comin' to you?
71) 40) dialog: You're a good woman. You'd have to turn me in - The water's knee-deep on them, then hip-deep. All Annie c flashlight.
71) 41) text: You know I think a lot of you. if it had been you with me her, none of this would've happened. (tears springing to his eyes - in anguish) My God - Wayne lunges for Annie, gets her by the arm, Annie strugg thunder RIPS, she rakes his face with her fingernails, he her head underwater, she is drowning, she bites his arm, sloshing frantically toward the bank, he dives for her an water in the crazy light of the lightning, he lifts his f bring it smashing down on her skull - His wrist is grabbed.