3) 1) dialog: The m-m-mortar is weak. Beaupre looks down at AGUILAR, 22, a sweet-faced Latino. AGUILAR (cont'd) M-m-maybe if you--
3) 3) dialog: M-m-my d-d-dad was a m-m-mason--
18) 7) dialog: 
18) 10) dialog: Yes, sir, but--
18) 12) dialog: I-I was saluting you. Winter is frozen for a moment, then shakes his head.
19) 0) text: Irwin, Peretz and Aguilar walk down the hall.
20) 0) text: Winter stands at his window, locking down into the Yard. He sees Aguilar running across the Yard. A few moments la Peretz and Irwin appear. As Winter watches Irwin and Peretz, he absentmindedly pla with something in his hands. He notices what he’s holding looks down -- it’s the bayonet. Winter drops it on his de in disgust.
29) 2) dialog: They're g-g-going about it all wr-wr- wrong. Irwin turns to see Aguilar standing beside him. AGUILAR (cont'd) My d-d-dad w-w-was a m-m-magon. The m-m-mortar is w-w-weak. Irwin nods -- whatever you say -- and walks off. Doc, CYRUS and ENRIQUE% are standing together, watching I Cyrus nudges Doc, Doc nods, walks after Irwin. boc You wouldn't remember me, but I served under you in the Gulf.
34) 1) dialog: Afternoon, sir. (CONTINUED)
34) 5) dialog: The C-C-Corps.
34) 7) dialog: Yes, sir. V-v-v-ery much.
34) 9) dialog: That's just it. I didn't d-d-do n-n- nothing. It was a m-m-mistake.
34) 11) dialog: What--? Where're you going? Irwin keeps walking. Aguilar suddenly blurts out. AGUILAR (cont'd) I hurt .someone. Irwin stops, looks at him.
34) 13) dialog: Two years. (CONTINUED)
34) 16) dialog: P-£-f£- Aguilar pounds his fist into his thigh, frustrated.
34) 18) dialog: F-£-four and a half years to go.
34) 20) text: (shrugs) Okay. Irwin can see the truth -- the pain -- in Aguilar's eyes.
34) 22) dialog: No...?
34) 24) dialog: ‘Scuse me?
34) 28) dialog: What? Oh, no -- that was a salute.
34) 30) dialog: What was wrong with it?
34) 32) dialog: To show respect?
35) 0) text: Aguilar stands alone ‘in the middle of the Yard, at atten saluting, but there's no one there. The INMATES chipping at the fallen stones look over at Aguilar. They also look over at... Peretz talking to Irwin. Irwin nods. The horn sounds. Irwin heads off to the Tiers. He takes a look back at Aguilar. Fat raindrops hit the dirt around Aguilar, kick up dust.
36) 0) text: Aguilar stands in the pouring rain, saluting. Irwin watches Aguilar from a window on the ground floor o the Tiers. ounds and he slowly backs away from the window.
37) 0) text: It's still raining. Irwin is with a group of INMATES hurr across the Yard in the rain, all looking at... Aguilar, exhausted, crying, trying to hold his arm up. An then, thankfully, the horn sounds. Aguilar lowers his arm He starts toward the Tiers. . Irwin looks back from the doorway to the laundry. Peretz walks out, stops Aguilar, says something to him. Aguilar slumps, turns, goes back to his spot and lifts hi arm back into a salute. (CONTINUED)
40) 0) text: Minutes later. Aguilar is still standing, saluting. Irwin sits in the mud, hands on his head, a trickle of blood dripping from his ear. Peretz stands nearby. They are all surrounded by guards. INMATES watch from every doorway.
40) 12) dialog: That's his blood! Peretz gives Aguilar a look and he shuts up. (CONTINUED)
41) 0) text: The rain has stopped and the sun is out. Irwin is carrying one of the stones from the fallen block wall over to a pile a hundred yards away. He walks alone. Fifty inmates are watching him, quiet. Peretz and Lombardo supervise with McLaren and Niebolt. Yates is in a group including Dellwo, Cyrus, Doc, Duffy, Aguilar, Jinx and Enriquez. Yates pulls out his black boo
43) 2) dialog: You've got to stop. boc At least take some water. If you dehydrate, you'll drop. Irwin keeps going.
45) 0) text: Irwin picks up the last stone -- the heaviest of all. He can barely straighten his legs. He totters off into. A GAUNTLET of TWO HUNDRED MEN lining his course, yelling him both to stop ang keep going. Irwin picks up his pace, gets to a brisk walk, then to a run. He roars and sprints the last few yards and tosses t last stone high onto the pile. The crowd goes nuts. Beaupre curses. Yates looks bemused. Aguilar jumps for joy. Peretz hears something over his headset, turns, looks up. Winter is standing at his window, radio to his mouth. Aguilar and others crowd around Irwin, cheering.
45) 8) dialog: Four! In favor!
46) 13) dialog: Two more!
48) 0) text: Aguilar looks up as Yates enters with 36 cartons of cigarettes.
48) 1) dialog: What's that?
48) 3) dialog: (laughs) They're not mine. I Placed that bet for somebody else.
48) 7) dialog: The guy in the hut three doors down.
49) 3) dialog: Thank you, sir. The men'll appreciate it. Aguilar takes the cigarettes, leaves.
50) 0) text: A LINE OF MEN stretches from the stone pile to the wall a they move the stones. Their hands work with quick, practi precision and the stones fly along the line. At the wall, AGUILAR oversees closely as the stones are carefully stacked and slathered with mortar to form the n wall, Irwin walks out of the Tiers, heads for the wall. As he passes inmates, many of them “salute” him as Aguilar did running their fingers through their hair.
52) 0) text: Aguilar and the fifty or so inmates who were stacking the stones are standing before Winter, who stands on the Administration Building steps. Peretz waits behind hin.
58) 0) text: Aguilar and the other fifty men who’d been in lockdown wa out onto the Yard. As they approach the almost-finished blockhouse wall, the men already there start clapping.
59) 0) text: Winter stands at his window, looking down at Aguilar and others by the wall.
60) 0) text: Aguilar and the men are standing back, enjoying a look at the completed wall. Cyrus shakes his head. Aguilar looks at him -- what?
60) 2) dialog: Yeah. But it’s our wall. Cyrus grins, nods. And then they hear a sound and turn.
60) 8) dialog: No...
61) 0) text: A whistle blows. The inmates hit the dirt, covering their heads with their arms. Aguilar walks in.front of the bulldozer, raises his arms.
63) 0) text: Aguilar stands in the path of the advancing bulldozer. Th bulldozer slows, stops. Aguilar grins, starts to turn to look back at the others. CRACKCRACKCRACK. Aguilar jerks from three bullet hits to the chest. He looks surprised more than pained. He falls face forward to the ground. Silence for a moment. Aguilar doesn’t move. And then dark wet stains start to blossom on his back.