3) 0) text: INMATES spill out onto the Yard after lunch. Two guards -- SGT. MCLAREN and PVT. NIEBOLT -- are standi near an ANCIENT STONE WALL in the middle of the Yard. The are handing out picks and sledgehammers to four white prisoners: BEAUPRE, DARNELL, WITTBRODT and TUCKER, all ex Green Berets; all mean sons-of-bitches. Beaupre grabs a sledgehammer and climbs a ladder to the t of the wall. He starts pounding on the top layer of stone trying to break them loose.
3) 2) dialog: The fuck you doing, taco?
3) 4) dialog: I d-d-don’t c-c-care if your d-d-dad built the fucking pyramids, beano. Whites work the wall, spics move the rocks, niggers stack the rocks, That's.the way it is. Which means, Cheech, get the fuck away from my wall. Aguilar just stares at Beaupre. Another Latino inmate -- ENRIQUEZ, 50s -- steps up, grabs Aguilar by the shoulder pulls him away. They all hear a commotion across the Yard
29) 9) dialog: Hey, you fucking chump! Get your hands off that! That's mine! Aguilar is holding a pick; Beaupre walks toward him. BEAUPRE (cont'd) What the fuck you doin’? Get back to your wheelbarrow, Chico. Aguilar starts off, still holding the pick. BEAUPRE (cont'd) Without the fucking pick, punk! Don't make me hurt you! You know I can! Aguilar drops the pick. Beaupre goes after him.
29) 11) dialog: (stops) What? Irwin walks toward him, smiling, calm. Beaupre is confuse
41) 4) dialog: (sidles up) You're right, Yates. No way he’s gonna make it. Put me down for two. WINTER watches through the window in his office.
44) 0) text: Irwin drops a stone on the pile, takes a moment to catch breath, then turns and starts back. Sweat is pouring off him. The sun is brilliant. The on-lookers are crowded into a narrow band of shade ag one wall. Darnell, near Beaupre, takes his eyes off Irwin for a moment, sees something, elbows Beaupre.
44) 2) dialog: Fuck! Yates looks over at him -- what? Beaupre points. BEAUPRE (cont'd) He's almost done! (CONTINUED)
44) 6) dialog: Drop, you fuck! Drop dead! Duffy runs out.
45) 0) text: Irwin picks up the last stone -- the heaviest of all. He can barely straighten his legs. He totters off into. A GAUNTLET of TWO HUNDRED MEN lining his course, yelling him both to stop ang keep going. Irwin picks up his pace, gets to a brisk walk, then to a run. He roars and sprints the last few yards and tosses t last stone high onto the pile. The crowd goes nuts. Beaupre curses. Yates looks bemused. Aguilar jumps for joy. Peretz hears something over his headset, turns, looks up. Winter is standing at his window, radio to his mouth. Aguilar and others crowd around Irwin, cheering.
46) 0) text: Irwin, haggard, totes a stone. The GAUNTLET of yelling me has gotten narrower, louder. Beaupre stumbles into Irwin' path. Irwin hits him, falls. Irwin’s head hits the stone and he's still. The crowd surges around him.
46) 1) dialog: He's down!
46) 3) dialog: Somebody pushed me! Irwin raises his head. Blood is streaming out of a cut ov his eye. He starts to push himself to his feet. BEAUPRE (cont'd) He can't go on like that! Dec wriggles through the crowd, sees the blood. boc Jesus. (CONTINUED)
46) 7) dialog: No, he isn't! It’s over! Doc moves his index finger back and forth. boc Follow it. Irwin does. Doc holds up four fingers. poc (cont'd) How many?
47) 4) dialog: DIE, GODDAMN You, DIE! Irwin makes it to the pile, and as he drops the stone, th The crowd goes wild. Irwin slowly straightens up, his eyes fixed on... Winter in his window. Irwin senses someone walking up to him. It’s Aguilar. Aguilar stops in front of Irwin, raises his hand like he’s going to salute. Irwin winces -- don’t do it. But Aguilar just runs his fingers through his hair, grins. Irwin grins back, Winter turns away from his window.
133) 0) text: Beaupre and his men are halfway UP the wall. CRACK! Tucke is hit, falls. CRACK! Wittbrodt is hit in the leg, keeps climbing. He's jit in the neck, keeps climbing. He's hit in an arm. He holds on with the other. He's hit four more times and he drops. Darnell reaches the top- He dashes to Beaupre, grabs him and pulls him over the top as a hail of Dpullets come in. They drop down behind the parapet, out of the line of fir and crouch-run along the battlement. They get to a tower, start to climb the ladder. The GUNMEN aim all their fire at Beaupre and Darnell. The FUNNEL CREWS launch another salvo of pennies. The GUNMEN see the swarms of hot metal coming and duck.
134) 0) text: Beaupre and Darnell make it up into the guntower. The gun who took the pennies to the face js on the floor, whimper Beaupre grabs for his rifle. The gunman tries to hold ont it. Beaupre kicks him in the head. The guy goes limp. Beaupre reaches for the rifle put Darnell grabs it first.
135) 0) text: Beaupre and his men are halfway up the wall. CRACK! Tucke is hit, falls. CRACK! Wittbrodt is hit in the leg, keeps climbing. He's hit in the neck, keeps climbing. He's hit in an arm. He holds on with the other. He's hit four more times and he drops - Darnell reaches the top. He dashes to Beaupre, grabs him and pulls him over the top as a hail of bullets come in. They drop down behind the parapet, out of the line of fir and crouch-run along the pattlement. They get to a tower, start to climb the ladder. The GUNMEN aim all their fire at Beaupre. and Darnell. The FUNNEL CREWS launch another salvo of pennies. The GUNMEN see the swarms of hot metal coming and duck.
136) 0) text: Beaupre and Darnell make it up into the guntower. The gun who took the pennies to the face is on the floor, whimper Beaupre grabs for his rifle. The gunman tries to hold ont it. Beaupre kicks him in the head. The guy goes limp. Beaupre reaches for the rifle but Darnell grabs it first.
137) 0) text: two Beaupre and his men are halfway up the wall. CRACK! Tucke is hit, falls. CRACK! Wittbrodt is hit in the leg, keeps climbing. He's hit in the neck, keeps climbing. He's hit in an arm. He holds on with the other. He's hit four more times and he drops. \ i Darnell reaches the top- He dashes to Beaupre, grabs him and pulls him over the top as a hail of bullets come in. They drop down behind the parapet, out of the line of fir and crouch-run along the battlement. They get to a tower, start to climb the ladder. | The GUNMEN aim all their fire at Beaupre and Darnell. bey f i The FUNNEL CREWS launch another salvo of pennies. The GUNMEN see the swarms of hot metal coming and duck.
138) 0) text: o Beaupre and Darnell make it up into the guntower. The g who took the pennies to the face is on the floor, whimper Beaupre grabs for his rifle. The gunman tries to hold ont it. Beaupre kicks him in the head. The guy goes limp. Beaupre reaches for the rifle but Darnell grabs it first. DARNELL BS t My job. Darnell sights up, starts shooting back at the other towe gunmen. lehre The GUNMEN all get down out of sight. .
151) 1) dialog: Shoot him! .
153) 1) dialog: Just fucking shoot!
173) 0) text: The helicopter is heading toward Beaupre and Darnell. Dar still can’t get a clear shot at the gunner.
173) 1) dialog: For fuck’s sake! Beaupre grabs the rifle from Darnell, takes rough aim at helicopter and starts shooting.
175) 0) text: Darnell and Beaupre see the machine-gun swing around on t
175) 1) dialog: Oh, shit... The machine-gun fires. The bullets rip the gun tower to shreds, killing Beaupre and Darnell.