11) 3) dialog: I know he fucked up, Dell--
11) 10) dialog: They sent him here for trying to rescue some people?
11) 13) dialog: Shit. He get the Tutus out?
11) 15) dialog: Hutus. Fuck.
11) 17) dialog: You don’t think he should’ve been convicted?
13) 1) dialog: There must be some other stockade they could put him.
27) 0) text: Irwin eats alone.. Yates, Dellwo, Cyrus and Duffy are at another table, watc Irwin. Hell, everyone in the mess hall is watching him.
27) 1) dialog: One week till what? (CONTINUED)
27) 8) dialog: On what?
27) 10) dialog: I don't know, Pilot. Betting on whether or not a guy's gonna kill himself? That's some creepy shit. 'Sidés -- one week? He's harder than that.
27) 12) dialog: (thinks) Eight.
41) 0) text: The rain has stopped and the sun is out. Irwin is carrying one of the stones from the fallen block wall over to a pile a hundred yards away. He walks alone. Fifty inmates are watching him, quiet. Peretz and Lombardo supervise with McLaren and Niebolt. Yates is in a group including Dellwo, Cyrus, Doc, Duffy, Aguilar, Jinx and Enriquez. Yates pulls out his black boo
44) 7) dialog: You can do it! Others run out of the shade i i o it, joi Irwin keeps going.
46) 2) dialog: You tripped him!
78) 0) text: Cyrus is at a table with Dellwo, Duffy, Doc and Enriquez. boc It’s called a compassionate release. They're saying he has health problems--
78) 1) dialog: That's bullshit! boc I'm just saying what they're saying. . (to all) They're keeping him in p.c. tonight. He gets out tomorrow.
107) 0) text: SEVEN HUNDRED MEN drop forward as one and begin pushups. Dellwo, Cyrus and Duffy stand together, looking dishearte
108) 15) dialog: What I don’t get is, even if we do manage to “take the high ground” and all that, aren’t they just gonna send in the National Guard?
110) 0) text: Yates sits on his bunk, reading a book, his cell door shu He looks up as Irwin walks up to his door, flanked by Del Cyrus, Duffy and Enriquez.
111) 0) text: Irwin zips on a straw sticking out of a half-quart Ziploc bag full of murky liquid. Cyrus watches him. Doc, Dellwo, Enriquez, and Duffy are there as well. Irwin's eyes go wi then start to water. He gasps. Cyrus smiles.
134) 2) text: Remove the casualties! INMATES acting as medics run out, grab DUFFY and the othe dead and wounded and carry them over to Doc. There are a HUNDRED MEN, dead and wounded, lined up by th wall. (CONTINUED)
136) 3) text: Remove the casualties! INMATES acting as medics run out, grab DUFFY and the othe dead and wounded and carry them over to Doc. There are a HUNDRED MEN, dead and wounded, lined up by th wall. (CONTINUED)
139) 1) text: Remove the casualties! INMATES acting as medics run out, grab DUFFY and the othe dead and wounded and carry them over to Doc. There are a HUNDRED MEN, dead and wounded, lined up by th wall. |
186) 1) text: Karen Goldberg 126. 251 CONTINUED: “252 Irwin is on one knee, looking under a sheet, at DUFFY. He lays the sheet down, stands, walks off. He says a few wor to DOC and the men he passes on the tables, thanking them shaking their hands. YATES is sitting on a table by the door, getting his faci cuts taped up.