32) 3) text: Karen Goldberg 438 Doc and Enriquez appear in the doorway. what is this? 32.
32) 18) dialog: Let’s just get to it. You still got friends high up in the Pentagon, right?
32) 21) dialog: It’s a real fucking jungle in here, vato, and it isn’t an accident. Winter sets us against each other -- black vs. brown, brown vs. white -- keeps things stirred up. As soon as it starts dying down, he starts fanning and blowing and boom, it’s running hot again.
32) 23) dialog: I told you this was pointless.
32) 32) dialog: And wouldn’t you know it, the three guys who died were all guys Winter’d been having trouble with. boc You may say the rest of it’s whining, but someone needs to look into.these deaths. -
41) 0) text: The rain has stopped and the sun is out. Irwin is carrying one of the stones from the fallen block wall over to a pile a hundred yards away. He walks alone. Fifty inmates are watching him, quiet. Peretz and Lombardo supervise with McLaren and Niebolt. Yates is in a group including Dellwo, Cyrus, Doc, Duffy, Aguilar, Jinx and Enriquez. Yates pulls out his black boo
45) 5) dialog: What's he supposed to do, Lieutenant? He moved the whole goddamn pile!
47) 3) dialog: The horn! The fuckers! They're holding the motherfucking horn! Beaupre, face Purple with rage, screams in Irwin's face.
78) 0) text: Cyrus is at a table with Dellwo, Duffy, Doc and Enriquez. boc It’s called a compassionate release. They're saying he has health problems--
78) 9) dialog: Who's gonna lead us?
78) 11) dialog: Not me.
110) 0) text: Yates sits on his bunk, reading a book, his cell door shu He looks up as Irwin walks up to his door, flanked by Del Cyrus, Duffy and Enriquez.
111) 0) text: Irwin zips on a straw sticking out of a half-quart Ziploc bag full of murky liquid. Cyrus watches him. Doc, Dellwo, Enriquez, and Duffy are there as well. Irwin's eyes go wi then start to water. He gasps. Cyrus smiles.
198) 5) dialog: Wanna tell the men?
199) 0) text: Irwin, Yates, Dellwo, Cyrus and Enriquez move through the sleeping men. Some are awake, starting fires. They nod to Irwin, salute. Yates is doing his best to hide his torment. Dellwo pats his shoulder. (CONTINUED)