14) 5) dialog: May I ask a favor?
14) 10) dialog: When you speak about this -- and you will -- be kind. Niebolt and McLaren are startled for a moment, then laugh The door swings open, Peretz enters.
14) 14) dialog: No.
14) 16) dialog: Always a reason for celebration. (CONTINUED)
14) 20) dialog: Thank you. Winter nods to Peretz. Peretz leaves.
14) 23) dialog: Oh, God. What did I say?
14) 25) dialog: ‘74... I was still giving my bugs and thugs talk. {off Winter’s look) My POW experiences. The NVA interrogators were thugs and we ate bugs to survive. Bugs and thugs.
14) 27) dialog: (thinks) Nothing. Winter looks at him, unclear. (CONTINUED)
14) 31) dialog: Certainly. Of course. Winter nods. Peretz reenters with Aguilar.
15) 1) dialog: Impressive. Peretz nods. Karen Goldberg 28 29 30 31 32 is.
16) 2) dialog: A few coins from countries I've been to. Nothing military. (beat) My father didn't care for military collections and it stuck with me.
17) 1) dialog: (gruff voice, as his father) The only kind of man who has a collection like this is a man who's never set foot on a battlefield. INT. WINTER’S OFFICE - OUTER OFFICE - NIGHT 32 Winter is frozen, having heard what Irwin just said. He doesn’t know what to do. He reaches for the doorknob, sto
17) 2) dialog: (gruff) To him, a minie-ball from Shiloh is just an interesting artifact. Toa combat vet, it's a hunk of metal that probably caused some poor bastard a world of pain. Winter turns on his heel and heads back down the hall tow the bookshelves. Karen Goldberg 20.
18) 1) dialog: (to Peretz) Of course my old man was a complete fraud. After he died I found his collection in the attic -- Kraut helmet, Luger, Nazi flag. (re: item in case) Look at that. From Appomatox. Irwin looks at Peretz -- may I? Peretz nods -- go ahead. Irwin slides back the glass and picks up an old bayonet. He’s turning it over in his hands when the door opens and Winter comes back in.
18) 3) dialog: It’s no--
18) 14) dialog: Thank you for your hospitality, Colonel.
29) 3) dialog: Dr. Thomas Barnard. You were attached to the 33rd Medical Group. boc (surprised, grins) That's right.
29) 4) dialog: You were arrested for possession of narcotics. boc (grin fades) Right again.
29) 5) dialog: It was a small amount. You don't end up here for that. boc No, you end up here for attacking an MP in the Saudi jail. (beat) I was wondering if I could talk to you->
29) 10) dialog: Have you found the weakness?
29) 12) dialog: In the wall. Have you found the weakness in the wall? My guess would be the mortar. May 1? Irwin picks up Beaupre's pick, taps the tip of the pick against the mortar on the bottom row of stones. It crumbl He hacks at it and the mortar comes away in great chunks. GENERAL IRWIN (cont'd) Mr. Aguilar, would you mind? Irwin offers Aguilar the pick. Aguilar hesitates, looks a Beaupre. GENERAL IRWIN (cont'd) (to Beaupre) Let's look at the other side. Irwin hands the pick to Aguilar, walks off. Beaupre can only follow. Cyrus, Doc, Dellwo and others share a look, after them. Karen Goldberg 45 46 a7 48 31.
30) 1) dialog: One... two... three! The wall shudders, some dust shakes off of it. GENERAL IRWIN (0.8.) (cont'd) One... two... three! The wall rocks a bit, more dust falls. GENERAL IRWIN (0.S8.) (cont'd) One... two... THREE! The wall shudders... then slowly topples forward... and S into the ground, sending up a cloud of dust. The dust cle we see... IRWIN, AGUILAR, CYRUS, DOC, DELLWO and TEN OTHERS, surpri grinning. Irwin claps Aguilar on the shoulder. Aguilar beams. YATES stands apart, looking on.
32) 1) dialog: "My name is Ozymandius, king of kings..."
32) 6) dialog: What is it?
32) 8) dialog: Liquor made from raisins.
32) 10) dialog: Maybe some other time. Cyrus shrugs. Irwin makes his move. GENERAL IRWIN (cont'd) Check. And mate, I'm afraid. Cyrus surveys the board.
32) 12) dialog: Thanks for the game.
32) 14) dialog: (grins, rises) I’il see you tomorrow.
32) 19) dialog: Not many. Why? boc We were hoping you could talk to someone.
32) 20) dialog: About what? boc About what it’s like here. The truth.
32) 22) dialog: Let me get this straight. There is violence in a place filled with convicted criminals?
32) 25) dialog: “He provides substandard services”? (MORE) (CONTINUED)
32) 29) dialog: That's right you can’t compare. This is summer camp. And you're... you're whining. Irwin shakes his head, rises, starts out.
32) 37) dialog: Three years ago, in Bosnia, I was driving through an IFOR town, and I saw an old man sitting on the steps of his house with a child I presume was his grandson, playing dominces, and I had a revelation. All my life in the Army, through good wars and bad, I'd been doing my best to make dangerous parts of the world safe enough so old men could sit on their steps and play games with their grandchildren. It was not entirely selfless, of course. I loved the work with all my heart. I gave a great deal for it. I lost a wife due to neglect. J am a stranger to my daughter. I have a grandson I have never met. (beat) When I saw that old man in Bosnia, I didn’t begrudge him his game with his grandson. I simply thought, “My turn.” Now, I didn’t retire after Bosnia. I should have, but I didn’t. I took one last assignment. To Burundi. And here I am. (beat) I'm done, gentlemen. I’m not fighting anyone or anything ever again. I’m going to do my time, then I’m going to go home, and, God willing, sit on my front steps and play a game of dominoes with my grandson. And with that, Irwin walks out. Enriquez is pissed, Doc i disheartened. Cyrus just watches Irwin go.
34) 4) dialog: Don't do that. Irwin keeps walking. Aguilar keeps saluting. GENERAL IRWIN (cont'd) Go-- Just-- At ease. Aguilar drops his arm, slumps. Irwin keeps going, then st looks back. He sees the sadness in Aguilar’s eyes. GENERAL IRWIN (cont'd) What branch were you in, Aguilar?
34) 6) dialog: Miss it?
34) 8) dialog: Why are you here? What did you do?
34) 10) dialog: Oh. Irwin starts off.
34) 12) dialog: How long have you been in here?
34) 15) dialog: o~ How much longer do you have?
34) 17) dialog: Take your time. We're in prison. We've got nothing but time. Aguilar nods, breathes, tries it slowly.
34) 19) dialog: How's it been?
34) 21) dialog: o~ So, tell me, along with the stutter, do you have some kind of spinal . deformity? A curvature, some misaligned vertebrae...?
34) 23) dialog: Then why are you standing like that? I said “at ease," not slouch. Aguilar straightens up. GENERAL IRWIN (cont'd) And what was that thing you did with your hand?
34) 25) dialog: It looked like you were running your fingers through your hair and they got stuck. (CONTINUED)
34) 29) dialog: It was? A salute? Really.
34) 31) dialog: Do you know why we salute?
34) 33) dialog: Okay, but why a salute? Why this thing with the hand? That stumps Aguilar. GENERAL IRWIN (cont'd) The truth is, the hand is almost immaterial. A salute is basically a frozen wave. (demonstrates) It's as if you’re waving at someone and you stop, you hold it. That's the sign of respect. Not the fact you have your hand up, but that you’re not moving. You’re staying still for that person, giving them your attention. (beat) A proper salute starts at your feet. As Irwin starts instructing Aguilar how to salute, we PAN and BOOM UP to see... WINTER and PERETZ, in the window of Winter’s office, look down, watching. INT. WINTER’S OFFICE - DUSK 54
39) 1) dialog: Put your hand dewn, son. Aguilar doesn’t move. GENERAL IRWIN (cont'd) Put it down. Aguilar slowly lowers his hand.
39) 3) dialog: According to the Uniform Code of Military Justice--
39) 5) dialog: (doesn’t move) According to the Uniform Code of Military Justice, no corporal punishment -- Peretz puts his whistle to his lips and blows. TEN GUARDS suddenly appear, from every doorway on the Yar They run toward Irwin, pulling their batons.
39) 9) dialog: According to the Uniform Code of Military Justice... Peretz looks up at... WINTER, standing at his office window. Winter nods. GENERAL IRWIN (cont'd) ...a prisoner given discipline-- Peretz pulls his own baton and swings, clipping Irwin on ear. Irwin drops in pain. Peretz stands over him, face blank, as the other guards run up.
40) 7) dialog: Sir, may the prisoner speak, sir. Winter slows, turns.
40) 9) dialog: Colonel Winter, according to the Uniform Code of Military Justice, corporal punishment of a prisoner begun on the day shift may not go past the following morning’s horn. Winter says nothing for a moment. Everyone is looking at him. ‘The only sound is the vain. Winter looks at Irwin, thinking. Then...
45) 1) dialog: (through a dry raspy throat) Could I have some water? thro’ he air. The cheering and celebration come down a notch. Another blast of the whist The celebration quiets.
46) 6) dialog: I'm okay.
46) 8) dialog: Four. poc What day is it?
46) 9) dialog: Saturday. boc Who's the President?
46) 10) dialog: Elmer Fudd. BoC He's fine! Chee: fr wd. Irwin wipes the blood from his eyes, picks the rock up and keeps going.
49) 2) dialog: Mr. Aguilar! Aguilar at the door. Irwin nods at the cigarettes. GENERAL IRWIN (cont'd) If you wouldn't mind, pass those out as far as they'll go. I don’t smoke.
49) 5) dialog: Why would I do a thing like that?
49) 7) dialog: And why would I want to shut down your book?
49) 9) dialog: Ah, yes. I heard about that. Are there any squares left? (CONTINUED)
49) 14) dialog: How much to enter?
49) 16) dialog: Never. I'm like Pete Rose: if I bet on myself, it's always to win.
49) 18) dialog: God, no. A moment of quiet. Yates is about to leave, but stops.
49) 20) dialog: I don't recall any Yates...
49) 22) dialog: Richard Andrews... He was a good man.
49) 24) dialog: After thirty years, everyone's a good man. It’s a law. Where’s your father now? (CONTINUED)
49) 30) dialog: I'm sorry.
49) 32) dialog: I am not responsible for those men surviving.
49) 34) dialog: When you are tortured, the first thing they try to do is break down your sense of self. I broke quickly. Within weeks, self- preservation was the last thing on my mind. In fact, I Prayed for death. Every night. The only thing that kept me from answering those prayers myself was the thought of the men in the other rooms. They kept me alive, Mr. Yates, not the other way around. The_horn sounds. Karen Goldberg 70 71 72 55.
59) 2) dialog: No, they get it. Winter turns. Irwin is standing in the middle of the room GENERAL IRWIN (cont'd) They just don’t care. It gives them something to do. Winter stares at Irwin for a long moment.
59) 4) dialog: I want to do my time and go home.
59) 6) dialog: I think I want the same thing you do -- that they should be better men going out of here than they were coming ain,
59) 11) dialog: I labor under no illusions about what these men have done. I just think they could occasionally be reminded of the best thing they did in'their lives rather than having to only think of the worst. Winter looks at Irwin. He walks over to his display cases looks over his collection.
59) 13) dialog: Excuse me?
59) 15) dialog: I don't-- (CONTINUED)
62) 3) dialog: For Godsake, get down...
69) 0) text: General Irwin walks out alone to the center of the Yard, where the biockhouse wall had been. He looks at the strip of new earth for a few moments, then he turns to the men behind him.
69) 1) dialog: Mr. Dellwo.
71) 1) dialog: Some might think to be remembered in this way would be a disgrace to a soldier, but there is no disgrace in this. The greatest monuments to our fallen heroes are not made of marble. They're deep in the jungle -- a rifle driven into the ground, a helmet perched atop it, some dog tags. (beat) And that is the kind of tribute this man has earned. He doesn't get a twenty-one gun salute or any of the other honors usually bestowed upon a soldier. He gets more. (beat) He goes to meet his maker with the honor he claimed for himself. (beat) Gentlemen -- Private First Class Ramon Aguilar, United States Marine Corps. Irwin bows his head and places his hand over his heart. THE THREE HUNDRED MEN follow suit. Someone in the group starts singing the Marine hymn. A few others join in. Karen Goldberg 66.
75) 5) dialog: (beat) I don't think that really matters now.
75) 7) dialog: In fact, Colonel, there's only one thing the men want anymore.
75) 9) dialog: Your resignation.
75) 11) dialog: They don't want better food. They don't want more TV. They don't even want out. They just want you to go away. Winter looks at Irwin for a moment, thinking.
75) 13) dialog: I agree with them. You should go. But not because of the brutality you encourage. Not even because you have men killed. You should go because you are the very worst kind of officer. You’re a disgrace to the uniform. (CONTINUED)
77) 3) dialog: Frankly, Lieutenant, I'm feeling a little confused. I’m trying to figure out what possible reason my lawyer could have for being here.
79) 5) dialog: What are you talking about, Yates?
81) 4) dialog: Colonel, may I ask one question before I go?
81) 6) dialog: What I’d like to know is-- Irwin suddenly hauls off and clocks Winter with a roundho right. Winter sails back, hits the ground, blood streamin from his nose. GENERAL IRWIN (cont‘d) (cont'd) --did you really think you could get rid of me that easily? Peretz and McLaren are on Irwin in a flash, wailing with their batons. Irwin covers up and drops.
84) 2) dialog: Cyrus? 107 INT. THE HOLE - OUTSIDE IRWIN’S CELL - NIGHT - CROSSC Cyrus wears a trustee’s orange vest, pushes the meal cart
84) 4) dialog: What in God's name is it?
84) 9) dialog: What are you doing here?
84) 11) dialog: (beat) I don’t know. I’ve been asking myself the same thing. Aguilar, I suppose.
84) 13) dialog: I can’t help feeling responsible.
84) 15) dialog: To what end?
84) 17) dialog: {beat) No, it’s possible.
84) 19) dialog: There are always other options.
84) 23) dialog: Has General Wheeler paid a visit yet?
84) 25) dialog: He will. Probably tomorrow. Which means you'll have to move quickly.
88) 2) dialog: I guess that rules out the handjob. McLaren, Niebolt and Wheeler laugh. Wheeler takes a seat.
88) 4) dialog: You never were a good liar. (CONTINUED)
88) 7) dialog: You're not here to talk about that. Wheeler shakes his head.
90) 1) dialog: You want to know if I've lost my mind? I punched the Commandant of the USDB ten feet from freedom, what do you think?
92) 1) dialog: He's more than just a pain in the ass, Jim.
92) 3) dialog: A murderer is untouchable?
92) 5) dialog: Four times in two years? (CONTINUED)
92) 10) dialog: (beat, sighs) No. I don't. Silence between the two old friends. Wheeler nods, starts to push back his chair.
92) 12) dialog: Sit down. Wheeler looks at him. GENERAL IRWIN (cont 'd) I've been here two months, you're my first visitor and we've got ten minutes left. Sit down. Wheeler grins, sits back down.
107) 1) dialog: Who died? Irwin walks up.
107) 4) dialog: Exactly what I hoped he’d do. They look at him -- what? GENERAL IRWIN (cont'd) You see, gentlemen, now we know what weapons he has and how he uses them. Karen Goldberg 131 87.
108) 3) dialog: Good evening, men.
108) 5) dialog: We don’t have much time. I would like to read something to you. (pulls folded piece of paper from his pocket) I copied this down in the library. It's from the United States Uniform Code of Military Justice, Subchapter 22, Section 901, Article 14. Grounds for Removal of a Stockade or Disciplinary Barracks Commandant. The men ch . GENERAL IRWIN (cont'd) (loud, over the men) The Commandant of a stockade or disciplinary barracks may be removed from duty due to any of the following: {the men quiet) Item 1: Dereliction of duty. Item 2: Criminal malfeasance. Item 3: Actions injurious to the welfare of his men. Item 4: Actions injurious to the welfare of the inmates. (CONTINUED)
108) 8) dialog: The first castles were the walled cities of Mesopotamia built over 8,000 years ago. Castles haven’t changed much down the centuries. There have always been walls and gates and men to guard them. Castle walls have always held high ground positions to fire from and places to run a flag. The only difference between this castle and the countless others built over the last 8,000 years is that they were built to keep people out. This castle was built to keep people in. But it’s still a castle. And the secret to taking it is gaining control of the one thing battle-planners have always wanted to control. (CONTINUED)
108) 12) dialog: The High Ground. We do that and we will take the day. We don’t and we lose.
108) 14) dialog: No. 1/11 explain later.
108) 16) dialog: No. They’1ll send in the 1st Battalion of the 506th out of the Combined Arms Center.
108) 18) dialog: We don‘t have to. (off their looks) You know what happens to a captain in the Navy if his ship runs aground? He loses his command. (neds at drawing) By calling in the cavalry, Colonel Winter will let the world know he's run his ship aground. (beat) Reason number seven for removal of a commandant: Loss of control of his facility. They all like the sound of that. Irwin tosses a cupful of water onto the chalk drawing and the lines run. He pulls out a folded sheet of paper, hands it to Dellwo. (CONTINUED)
108) 19) text: Karen Goldberg 132 133 134 90. CONTINUED: (2) “132 GENERAL IRWIN (cont'd) We're going to need some things.
110) 2) dialog: What did the Colonel want?
110) 4) dialog: And what did you say?
110) 6) dialog: Should I believe you?
110) 8) dialog: You should have said yes. You could have gotten me some information.
110) 11) dialog: We could use your help, Yates.
110) 16) dialog: Not that. There’s another skill you possess.
110) 18) dialog: I’1l1 tell you once you're onboard. (beat) Will you help us?
110) 20) dialog: Why not?
110) 22) dialog: And what’s that?
110) 24) dialog: Really. I thought you might want something more than that.
110) 26) dialog: Your honor.
110) 33) dialog: You're sure?
110) 35) dialog: You keep saying that enough and one day you're going to believe it. Irwin walks on. Yates watches him go, then goes back to h book.
111) 2) dialog: Goed Lord, what is it?
111) 4) dialog: Are they all this... potent?
111) 6) dialog: How many bags total?
111) 8) dialog: Take a sip and pass it along. If it's poison then at least we'll all go together. Doc takes a sip, chokes, passes the bag on. It goes aroun the cell, ending with Cyrus. GENERAL IRWIN (cont'd) Now seal it. Cyrus does. (CONTINUED)
111) 12) dialog: Tomorrow. Their grins spread wide.
120) 5) dialog: (to trebuchet team) Left turn! Thirty degrees! puffy and Enriquez swing the trebuchet left. METAL DOORS on the side of the Administration Building cl open.
123) 1) dialog: (to the trebuchet crew) Right turn! Double time! Duffy and Enriquez start pivoting the catapult. THE INMATES guarding the trebuchet form four walls betwee the cannon and the trebuchet. THE CANNON OPERATOR takes aim, pulls the trigger. The blast of pressurized water hits the first wall of men They angle their shields pack, letting the water ramp up them. INT. WINTER’ S OFFICE - DUSK 178
123) 6) dialog: You're sure?
123) 8) dialog: oo You keep saying that enough and one day you're going to pelieve it. alks on. yates watches him go, then goes pack to his ixwin wi 900k. aA SERIES oF SHOTS 137 DELLWO sits in his cell collecting PENNIES from inmates - an INMATE uses a home-made hacksaw blade to cut a length metal off his bed frame- . Irwin is pulling an empty jaundry bag through the aix- He notices ing. He slows, looks up at THE CHAINS holding the bag- pan INMATE is in his cell praiding strips of pedsheets in ropes. - a few cells down, TWO INMATES use 4 i to cover the sound of them pending strips of metal. over at the WEIGHT PILE, THUMPER and CUTBUSH surreptitiou use a free-weight to snap the ends off the polts holding fnnch press together - (CONTINUED)
124) 3) dialog: (ro trebuchet team) Left turn! Thirty degrees! puffy and Enriquez swing the trebuchet left. METAL DOORS on the side of the administration Building cl open.
126) 1) dialog: (to the trebuchet crew) Right turn! Dbouble time! Duffy and Enriquez start pivoting the catapult. THE INMATES guarding the trebuchet form four walls betwee the cannon and the trebuchet . THE CANNON OPERATOR takes aim, pulls the trigger. The blast of pressurized water hits the first wall of men They angle their shields back, letting the water ramp UP them. INT. WINTER'S OFFICE - puUsK 178
126) 4) dialog: (to crebuchet team) Left turn! thirty degrees! puffy and Enriquez swing the trebuchet left. METAL DOORS on the side of the Administration Building cl open.
129) 5) dialog: (to trebuchet team) Left turn! Thirty degrees! puffy and Enriquez swing the trebuchet left. METAL DOORS on the side of the administration Building cl open.
132) 1) dialog: (to the trebuchet crew) Right turn! Double time! Duffy and Enriquez start pivoting the catapult. THE INMATES guarding the trebuchet form four walls betwee the cannon and the trebuchet . THE CANNON OPERATOR takes aim, pulls the trigger - The blast of pressurized water hits the first wall of men They angle their shields pack, letting the water ramp up them. INT. WINTER'S OFFICE - pusK 178
141) 1) dialog: (into radio) Wake the dead. Over by the wall, DOC is holding a radio. boc (into radio) Yes, sir! (to the dead and wounded) Let’s go! EIGHTY of the supposedly injured men get to their feet, shaking off faked bandages, grabbing weapons. INT. WINTER’S OFFICE - DUSK 202 Winter sees the “dead” and “wounded” inmates rise.
157) 1) dialog: (into radio) Now!
167) 3) dialog: (into radio) Send him out!
177) 1) dialog: It's rising... {to McClintock and others) Get down! Now! McClintock and the others start climbing down, but the helicopter is climbing faster than they can descend. Irwin watches the end of the chain lift off the ground, s back and forth under the rising helicopter. Then, out of the corner of his eye, he notices... 4A FIGURE running across the Yard. Irwin turns, sees... YATES, sprinting toward the helicopter. The end of the chain is twelve feet off the ground -- too high for Yates to grab. _ So Yates leaps, plants one foot on an inmate's hip, the o on a guy's shoulder and springs up high. HIS HANDS grab onto the end of the chain and he swings. THE HELICOPTER starts to sway back and forth as Yates pendulums beneath it. Yates starts up the chain. THE INMATES hanging on the ropes watch him. THE HELICOPTER slips off level, starts sliding to one sid Yates still has twenty feet to go. The helicopter drifts quickly toward the wall. (CONTINUED)
179) 1) dialog: .»..,you will see that I have taken your communications. Try your lights...
181) 1) dialog: ...and you will see that I have taken your power. Will you relinquish your command?
183) 1) dialog: I'm guessing that would be "no".
185) 2) dialog: He has his best men and weapons in there. If we tried to go in it'd be a shooting gallery.
185) 4) dialog: Right now I suspect he’s calling General Wheeler on his cell phone.
185) 6) dialog: To disrupt the communications inside. Remember, Dell -- we need him to let the outside world know what’s going on. A.murmur goes through the crowd. People look up at the ro
186) 2) dialog: Oh, dear God, not your face. Yates looks up, sees Irwin, smirks. GENERAL IRWIN (cont'd) How are your legs?
186) 4) dialog: Then walk with me.
187) 1) dialog: Why did you do it?
187) 3) dialog: Some of the men are calling you a hero.
187) 5) dialog: You could pull extra time for getting involved. (Yates shrugs) What's your wife going to say?
188) 4) dialog: We'll give General Wheeler a few minutes to get settled, then we'll give him a call.
190) 1) dialog: You said I should take up a hobby.
190) 3) dialog: Have you spoken to Colonel Winter yet?
190) 5) dialog: I’m sure he told you we're planning amass escape or some such nonsense.
190) 7) dialog: You know why we did this. He has to go, Jim. He can't stay.
190) 12) dialog: We don't need any public announcement -- we don't want to embarrass anyone. All I need is your word that he's gone -- soon.
190) 14) dialog: That would be fine. (beat) The only other thing I need is a written guarantee that the men involved won't receive any additional time.
190) 16) dialog: It's not negotiable.
190) 18) dialog: How stupid do you think I am?
191) 4) dialog: He never studied to be a lawyer.
193) 1) dialog: Don't make any sudden moves out there. (Yates stops) Some of the best sharpshooters in the world are going to have an "x" on your forehead and they’ve been drinking a lot of coffee. Yates gives him a look, then steps out between the doors.
198) 3) dialog: Well? Close on Yates. He thinks... nods.
198) 6) dialog: Let them sleep.
202) 2) dialog: Good question, What are you doing? (CONTINUED)
202) 6) dialog: (beat) I know.
202) 8) dialog: (beat, smiles sympathetically) I’m sorry.
202) 10) dialog: (beat) The thought had occurred to me.
202) 12) dialog: What didn’t occur to me is that you might not go through with it.
202) 14) dialog: Disappoint me?
202) 18) dialog: Looks like it.
202) 20) dialog: You don’t only fight when you know you're going to win. Irwin moves to the door. Yates stops him. GENERAL IRWIN (cont'd) Captain, if I don’t get out there in thirty seconds, they will take this facility by force and many of our good friends will die.
202) 22) dialog: Did Wheeler say where I would be taken?
202) 26) dialog: The Fort Hood Army Psychiatric Hospital. Standard operating procedure for someone like me. (off Yates’ look) One of our army’s nastier little secrets. If they’ve got a whistleblower or a troublemaker they don’t want to discharge, they send them to Hood, let them pad the halls in paper shoes, doing the thorazine shuffle. (beat) That was the worst part in Hanoi -- the months I was drugged. Worse than the torture. The torture was... hell. But at least you knew what it was. The drugs were... limbo. Limbo is worse. For me at least. I can‘t do that again.
202) 28) dialog: I... I'm going to need your help.
204) 2) dialog: Not quite how you thought this was going to go, is it, Colonel?
207) 1) dialog: What am I doing? I’m doing your job, Colonel. The sun’s up. It’s time to fly the flag. Irwin pulls the folded FLAG out of his jumpsuit, heads fo the flagpole.
209) 1) dialog: Do you know the history of this facility? Of the fort that stood here before this stockade? Winter gives no response. Irwin starts carefully unfoldin the flag, his back to Winter. GENERAL IRWIN (cont'd) A hundred and fifty years ago, one April Sunday, after the snow had melted, it was overrun by a band of Sioux warriors led by Chief Bright Eagle. The garrison commander, Captain Henry Rice, got approval from the. Chief to run the flag. What the Chief didn’t notice was that Rice ran the flag upside down. When reinforcements arrived -- led by a young lieutenant named George Armstrong Custer -- they saw the inverted flag -- which, as you know, (MORE) (CONTINUED)
211) 2) dialog: (turns to Winter) True.. But you see, in Custer's day, there weren't any TV news crews out beyond the fence with their astounding long lens cameras. Irwin nods his head. Winter looks. HIS POV: Beyond Wheele and his men there are TV newsvans, cameramen standing on top. Irwin turns back to the flag and flagpole. GENERAL IRWIN (cont'd) I don't know if they can see you or me too clearly from there, but they will certainly be able to see the flag. Especially if it’s upside- down. I guarantee you an upside- down flag at this facility would make the cover of Time magazine on Monday morning. If it does, I can also guarantee you that by Tuesday nine a.m. you’ll be on administrative leave and never heard from again. Winter points his revolver at Irwin, cocks the hammer bac
211) 6) dialog: You know, normally I’d be afraid of someone pointing a large calibre pistol at my back. But I know you, Colonel. You never do your own killing. {nods at gun) Put it down before you embarrass yourself any further. Irwin turns his back on Winter. He Snaps the first of two hooks onto the flag. Winter is shaking with rage. And it looks like he might actually pull the trigger. Then WHAM! Someone bangs against the inside of the roof door. The ti of the flintlock slips an inch in the roof tar. Winter, gun still trained on Irwin, moves to the door.
211) 9) dialog: Lucky you. Winter kicks the rifle away from the door. Peretz steps out, bleeding from the head, extremely pissed-off.
211) 11) dialog: Get ready to salute, Colonel. Irwin turns back to the flagpole. He Snaps the second cli onte the flag, He grabs the line. BANG! He stumbles forward. : Winter holds his revolver. Smoke curls out of the barrel. There’s a spreading red stain on the back of Irwin’s unif Irwin has an odd look on his face -- surprise, but relief too, and a certain satisfaction. (CONTINUED)
216) 2) dialog: I was hoping his aim wouldn’t be so good. Yates smiles. Then tears come.
216) 4) dialog: On the contrary, Captain. They saved mine. Irwin's eyes cloud over and he’s gone. Yates remains knee beside him. Peretz starts pulling the flag to the top of the pole. Winter looks down at the pistol in his hand, like he'd forgotten it was there. He drops his arm to his side. The gun falls from his hand. He stands there, completely alon and utterly lost. When Peretz gets the flag halfway up, he stops, ties it o FADE TO BLACK. Karen Goldberg