0) 2) text: Six floors of cells, INMATES at the doors.
2) 0) text: Lunch. Ali the inmates serving up the food are LATINOS an they are having a great time, giving their pals huge serv while doling out the minimum allowable amounts to the BLA and WHITES. One huge black inmate -- THUMPER -- is most displeased by the small portions on his plate. He yells a the man behind the counter -- MIGUEL.
3) 0) text: INMATES spill out onto the Yard after lunch. Two guards -- SGT. MCLAREN and PVT. NIEBOLT -- are standi near an ANCIENT STONE WALL in the middle of the Yard. The are handing out picks and sledgehammers to four white prisoners: BEAUPRE, DARNELL, WITTBRODT and TUCKER, all ex Green Berets; all mean sons-of-bitches. Beaupre grabs a sledgehammer and climbs a ladder to the t of the wall. He starts pounding on the top layer of stone trying to break them loose.
21) 0) text: Six floors of cells, one man to a cell. It's free time, before lights out, INMATES mill about. MCCLINTOCK carries some folded laundry into a cell on the 3rd Tier occupied by... YATES, sitting on his bed, writing numbers in his black b Taped to the wall behind him are photographs of a PRETTY YOUNG WOMAN.
23) 0) text: Yates is outside Dellwo's cell, pillowcase under his arm. Dellwo and TWO BLACK INMATES are in the cell, looking at Yates.
25) 0) text: Irwin and Peretz step out onto the ground floor of the Ti As they walk toward the stairs, Irwin looks up, sees... INMATES, at their cell doors, looking down at him, silent Irwin and Peretz go to the stairs, start up.
29) 1) text: Karen Goldberg a4 Pro ' CONTINUED: ae Irwin stops to look at the INMATES working on THE BLOCKHO WALL. It's a regular clusterfuck, with guys yelling at ea other; no real work getting done.
34) 0) text: Grey, with low, threatening clouds. Irwin comes out of th laundry, looks over at the fallen blockhouse wall, a few inmates breaking up the stones.
35) 0) text: Aguilar stands alone ‘in the middle of the Yard, at atten saluting, but there's no one there. The INMATES chipping at the fallen stones look over at Aguilar. They also look over at... Peretz talking to Irwin. Irwin nods. The horn sounds. Irwin heads off to the Tiers. He takes a look back at Aguilar. Fat raindrops hit the dirt around Aguilar, kick up dust.
37) 0) text: It's still raining. Irwin is with a group of INMATES hurr across the Yard in the rain, all looking at... Aguilar, exhausted, crying, trying to hold his arm up. An then, thankfully, the horn sounds. Aguilar lowers his arm He starts toward the Tiers. . Irwin looks back from the doorway to the laundry. Peretz walks out, stops Aguilar, says something to him. Aguilar slumps, turns, goes back to his spot and lifts hi arm back into a salute. (CONTINUED)
40) 0) text: Minutes later. Aguilar is still standing, saluting. Irwin sits in the mud, hands on his head, a trickle of blood dripping from his ear. Peretz stands nearby. They are all surrounded by guards. INMATES watch from every doorway.
41) 0) text: The rain has stopped and the sun is out. Irwin is carrying one of the stones from the fallen block wall over to a pile a hundred yards away. He walks alone. Fifty inmates are watching him, quiet. Peretz and Lombardo supervise with McLaren and Niebolt. Yates is in a group including Dellwo, Cyrus, Doc, Duffy, Aguilar, Jinx and Enriquez. Yates pulls out his black boo
43) 0) text: A HUNDRED INMATES are now watching Irwin. He's moving slo gaunt, the stone heavier in his arms. THE CLOCK moves to straight-up noon.
50) 0) text: A LINE OF MEN stretches from the stone pile to the wall a they move the stones. Their hands work with quick, practi precision and the stones fly along the line. At the wall, AGUILAR oversees closely as the stones are carefully stacked and slathered with mortar to form the n wall, Irwin walks out of the Tiers, heads for the wall. As he passes inmates, many of them “salute” him as Aguilar did running their fingers through their hair.
52) 0) text: Aguilar and the fifty or so inmates who were stacking the stones are standing before Winter, who stands on the Administration Building steps. Peretz waits behind hin.
61) 0) text: A whistle blows. The inmates hit the dirt, covering their heads with their arms. Aguilar walks in.front of the bulldozer, raises his arms.
67) 0) text: A light rain falls. The blockhouse wall is gone. The only sign it was ever there is a strip of new earth where the foundation was dug out. 300 inmates are in the Yard, scattered across it, back to their racial divisions. The mood is quiet.
103) 0) text: The INMATES in the Yard turn as... The BLUE TEAM comes running out of the Administration Building. In the GUN TOWERS, the GUNMEN have their rifles up and ar scanning the Yard through their scopes. wail. The INMATES start to get down. HEAVY IRON DOORS in the Administration Building swing ope with a clang. The inmates turn. Out of the building rolls A CANNON pushed by SIX GUARDS. A CANNON OPERATOR rides on top, manning the controls. The inmates start laying flat. Too late.
112) 0) text: Inmates on the weight pile, tending the garden, playing basketball.
116) 0) text: Irwin looks out over the Yard. Some INMATES are heading i for dinner; others are spread out in small groups, by themselves. Nothing out of the ordinary. An INMATE with a baseball glove bounces a rubber ball off the wall.
119) 0) text: The inmate with the baseball glove tosses the ball to a f and heads into the Tiers.
121) 0) text: ginx and the other inmates have bashed @ two-foot hole in the shower wall. Jinx climbs into the hole. Another inmat hands him a flashlight. Jinx drops down out of sight.
122) 0) text: A pail over 4 fire is white hot. An INMATE uses a wooden handle to grab the pail handle. He heads out. He's joined by three other guys with white-hot pails. They hurry for the stairs.
124) 0) text: The gunmen in the towers start firing at the funnel crews one FUNNEL CREWMAN is hit in the arm with a rubber pullet drops, : ANOTHER INMATE rushes in, takes his place- The injured man is hustled over against the wall, py the truck gates: where poc is waiting with his medical team. Another four Ziplocs fly from the funnel teams. Their aim is better ~~ ali hit the gun towers. Two of the towers ca wrtire. (CONTINUED)
125) 0) text: ginx and the other inmates have bashed a two-foot hole in the shower wall. oinx climbs into the hole. Another inmat hands him a flashlight. Jinx drops down out of sight. INT. 3RD TIER - pUSK 176 A pail over @ fire is white hot. An INMATE uses a wooden handle to grab the pail handle. He heads out. He's joined py three other guys with white-hot pails. They hurry for the stairs.
127) 0) text: ginx and the other inmates have bashed @ two-foot hole in the shower wall. Jinx climbs into the hole. Another inmat hands him a flashlight. Jinx drops down out of sight.
128) 0) text: A pail over 4 fire is white hot. An INMATE uses & wooden handle to grab the pail fhandle. He heads out. He's joine py three other guys with white-hot pails. They hurry for the stairs.
130) 0) text: ginx and the other inmates have bashed a two-foot hole in the shower wall. Jinx climbs into the hole. Another inmat hands him a flashlight - ginx drops down out of sight.
131) 0) text: A pail over 4 fire is white hot. An INMATE uses 4 wooden handle to grab the pail handle. He heads out. He's joined py three other guys with white-hot pails. they hurry for the stairs.
134) 2) text: Remove the casualties! INMATES acting as medics run out, grab DUFFY and the othe dead and wounded and carry them over to Doc. There are a HUNDRED MEN, dead and wounded, lined up by th wall. (CONTINUED)
136) 3) text: Remove the casualties! INMATES acting as medics run out, grab DUFFY and the othe dead and wounded and carry them over to Doc. There are a HUNDRED MEN, dead and wounded, lined up by th wall. (CONTINUED)
139) 1) text: Remove the casualties! INMATES acting as medics run out, grab DUFFY and the othe dead and wounded and carry them over to Doc. There are a HUNDRED MEN, dead and wounded, lined up by th wall. |
142) 0) text: The “dead” and “wounded” attack the guards from behind wh the other line of inmates attacks from the front.
144) 0) text: The guards and APCs try to back up to the truck gate but inmates get there first, shutting the gate doors, barring retreat. INT. WINTER’S OFFICE - DUSK 206 Peretz looks down, aghast, as the guards and APCs are ove
147) 0) text: Tear gas canisters start dropping down into the Yard. The GUARDS start laying down. INMATES pull bandanas out of th jumpsuits, put them over their faces, pull gasmasks off t guards. The FUNNEL CREWS scoop up the spewing canisters and launc them out of the prison. ONE FUNNEL CREW launches one into Winter's office.
167) 0) text: MCCLINTOCK, ST. CYR and EIGHT OTHER INMATES run below the hovering helicopter, swinging grappling hooks at the end bedsheet ropes. They let them fly. Five fall short. Five hook onto the skids. (CONTINUED)
167) 5) dialog: Go! Yates watches Diefenbaker take a breath and push open the doors.
180) 0) text: ANOTHER INMATE has the breaker panels open and is flippin switches.
187) 0) text: Darkness is coming. The INMATES are camping out. A DOZEN CAMPFIRES are already burning. Yates and Irwin walk.
190) 0) text: Irwin is on the payphone. Above him we see the cells of t Tiers filled with GUARDS. INMATES patrol.
193) 0) text: Most of the inmates are asleep. The few that are awake sa Irwin and Yates as they walk through. As they reach the truck gate, Irwin nods to Cutbush and Thumper. They pull the huge doors open a crack. Yates hea for the opening.