2) 0) text: Lunch. Ali the inmates serving up the food are LATINOS an they are having a great time, giving their pals huge serv while doling out the minimum allowable amounts to the BLA and WHITES. One huge black inmate -- THUMPER -- is most displeased by the small portions on his plate. He yells a the man behind the counter -- MIGUEL.
2) 1) dialog: You can’t feed a squirrel on that!
2) 4) text: LATINO FOOD SERVER (cont'd) You got a problem, you take it up with the Colonel. (to next guy) Hey, ese! You look hungry. Here you go. Miguel slops down an extra helping on the guy’s plate. Thumper steams, keeps moving.
3) 6) text: Fifty yards away, THUMPER and MIGUEL are circling each ot cheered on by a circle of men.
4) 0) text: Winter and Peretz are by the window, looking down into th Yard, watching Thumper and Miguel cireling each other.
5) 0) text: YATES, 28, is standing apart from the crowd, leaning agai the prison wall. With him is JINX, 25, a bony little punk Yates sees Thumper and Miguel pushing each other. He glan up at Winter’s office.
7) 0) text: McLaren sits up, winded. Thumper hurries toward McLaren, hands up, panic in his ey
7) 1) dialog: It was an accident! I didn’t-- (CONTINUED)
7) 5) dialog: It just broke, Sarge! You know I wouldn’t do nothing--
8) 0) text: A GUNMAN empties a clip into Thumper.
9) 0) text: THUMPER gasps as e bullets i i . His eyes roll and he falls onto his face. Two more shots snap into him. His body jumps. The GUNMAN stops firing.
23) 7) dialog: Don't hurt too bad now, Doc. But when they hit? Man, I got shot by a real bullet once and I swear it didn't hurt half as much as these rubber things did. boc Yes, well, that's the upside to real bullets. They cut through the skin, hit fewer nerve-endings. ‘Course the downside is, they kill you.
108) 0) text: The mess hall usually sits three hundred. There are three times that many men there now, lining the walls, sitting the floor. Irwin looks over at... NIEBOLT and MCLAREN, the guards on duty. They look back a Irwin. Their eyes lock for a moment. Niebolt and McLaren turn and walk out of the room, the doors shutting behind them. Thumper and Miguel slide into position at the doors. Irwi gives Dellwo a look. Dellwo stands.
193) 0) text: Most of the inmates are asleep. The few that are awake sa Irwin and Yates as they walk through. As they reach the truck gate, Irwin nods to Cutbush and Thumper. They pull the huge doors open a crack. Yates hea for the opening.