23) 2) text: See ARTHUR CHAMBERS now, at the printing press, an enormo green contraption, with rollers and conveyor pulleys in a iron housing.  The shrieking of metal and gears recalls a locomotive.
23) 4) text: Arthur is a large, rugged man, with round gun-metal rimme spectacles and garters on his shirtsleeves.  He wears the perpetual smile of an Oxford Don, as he gracefully ducks out of the machine, inspecting plates and printing cylind
23) 10) text: Arthur turns away, lest his son feel a lack of confidence up the boy's apple.  A crisp BITE.
24) 0) text: Arthur and Ishmael, now 17, strolling Main Street in the what seems a festive carnival.
24) 2) text: They are passing modest parade floats, booths with food a A genial crowd of farmers, fishermen, families, both race heedlessly mingling.  A community.  Arthur unselfconsciou his arm over the shoulder of his tall son.
24) 8) text: We are there now.  Arthur pulling down the same box camer would use years later.  Focusing up at the MAYOR, as he p crown on the radiant young girl...
48) 0) text: The horrid CLANGING of the great rattletrap press, Arthur ducking nimbly among the rollers.
54) 0) text: ...Arthur Chambers.  Weary.  Worn behind the smile of kno as he sips coffee from a mug of his own. His boy sits across from him in the silent press room.  F reading their paper.  Its headline, ISLAND JAPANESE ACCEP MANDATE TO MOVE.
54) 4) dialog: Which facts?  You can't print them all.  Journalism is balance. Finding the facts folks need to know.
54) 7) text: Arthur closes his eyes.  Recites from memory...
54) 8) dialog: 'Seems like you're favoring the Japs, Art.  Writin' all about their patriotism and loyalty with nothin' 'bout the treachery.'
54) 10) dialog: 'Your newspaper is an insult to all white Americans.  Please cancel my subscription and send refund.'
54) 12) dialog: The calls are better. 'Jap lovers get their balls cut off and stuffed down their...' (shrugs) Missed the rest.  Hanging up will do that.
54) 14) dialog: We lost the Price-Rite ads.  And Lottie Opsvig's shop, and Larsen's Lumberyard and the Anacortes Cafe. And 30 percent of our subscribers.
54) 17) dialog: Valuable things.  Sometimes are.
54) 19) dialog: But.  I've got the answer.
54) 21) dialog: Print four pages.  Instead of eight.