1) 0) text: Blinding sun.  Our boat bobs lifeless on placid water.  A CONTINUE, two figures slowly reel in the massive net.  SH MORAN is painfully thin, unimposing, methodical.  Only th reflect his disquiet.  His young deputy, ABEL MARTINSON, anxious looks between his mentor and the sea.  As the net silvered salmon across the gunnel, CUT to... ...the cabin.  Tidy as before.  Only two things have chan CLOSE on the tin coffee cup, which now lies OVERTURNED on floor.  PAN above the open battery well, where a third MA BATTERY now stands next to the wheel.  CUT to... ...the stern, as the raveling net LIFTS from the water's ...the face of Carl Heine.  Turned to the sun.  SMASH CUT
2) 0) text: WHITE fills the frame.  A hand PULLS back the blanket-shr revealing Carl's face.  As CREDITS CONTINUE, tilt up to t coroner, HORACE WHALEY, gazing down.  A shading of regret the professional mask.  A series of QUICK CUTS... ...Whaley's hand pulls the SHUTTLE of TWINE from Carl's p ...examines the open, empty KNIFE SHEATH at Carl's belt.. ...Carl's wrist, its WATCH stopped at 1:47... Whaley bends over Carl's body, presses on his solar plexu watching pink FOAM rise from Carl's mouth and nose.  And He sees something more.  His fingers gently pull back the from above Carl's left ear, to reveal... ...a skull wound.  The bone caved in.  Four inches across
7) 2) text: CLOSE on Carl and Ishmael at 18, riding together.  Ishmae and rugged even then, is scarcely little.  But dwarfed by giant at his side, who glares out the window, at...
7) 3) dialog: Chambers.  Y'see the geese?
7) 5) dialog: Picture'd be nice.  In your pa's paper.
7) 9) dialog: Careful, Chambers.  That was almost a joke.
9) 0) text: Moran climbs from his vehicle, as Carl's young SONS dash corner of the house.  Seeing the Sheriff, they stop cold. shirtless, barefoot.
30) 0) text: Etta twenty years younger, watches stoically from the par window, as her husband CARL SENIOR strools the strawberry with Kabuo's father Zenhichi.  Carl is a huge rawboned ma puffs a pipe as Zenhichi stops, sweeps his arms this way Etta knows trouble when she sees it.
31) 2) dialog: Only seven acres, and the worst seven, at that.  They're decent folks.  They got five hunnerd to put down now.
31) 5) dialog: They work hard, live clean, don't spend nothin'.  Even kind to the Indjuns.  People is people, comes down to it.
33) 0) text: Carl Sr. and Zenhichi sit at the table.  There is coffee. is untouched.  Etta watches by the stove.
33) 2) text: Carl lights his pipe.  Compassion in his broad weathered CARL SR. (softly) Eight days.  It ain't right.
33) 7) dialog: Absolutely not, Zenhichi.  I'm not gonna take your savings at a time like this.
33) 17) text: But Carl is staring at his wife.  She stares right back. turns, slides the money toward Zenhichi.
33) 18) dialog: Etta's been rude to you, and I apologize for that.  You keep this money, and those payments will work out fine.  Somewhere down the road.
34) 0) text: Silence.  Palpable.  Two figures sit at opposite ends of darkening room, each under a lamp.  Carl Sr. is reading t His face is stone.  Etta at a small writing desk strewn w and ledgers.  Her face is angry. A screen door opens.  Slams shut.  Big footfalls coming. looks up.
34) 12) text: Crestfallen, defeated, the boy backs away.  Hear his foot The screen door SLAM hard. And Carl Sr. looks at his wife.  No sound, until...
34) 13) dialog: We ain't right together.
34) 15) dialog: You and me.  We just ain't right.
75) 0) text: A bright bathroom, filled with STEAM, filtering the sunli toward the opaque shower door, TOWARD the sound of rushin And of breathing.  THROUGH it to... ...Susan Marie and her husband.  Her arms are wound about Her legs wrapped around his body, feet locked behind the his back.  Carl holds her high with his strong hands, so lick her breasts to the rhythm of the slow, slow thrusts. blonde hair is pasted across her face, and her eyes are c The intensity holds us.
76) 0) text: CLOSE on a paint brush.  It rests across the lid of a can stain.  See now... ...Susan Marie kneeling by the table she is refinishing. hands, her body, are motionless.  Her eyes stare out the ...across the yard.  Her towering husband walks beside a man.  Carl is doing the talking.  Kabuo's face is stone.
77) 1) dialog: What could I tell him?  There's my mother to think about.  You know what she'd say?
77) 3) dialog: I said I'd think it over, talk with you.
77) 5) text: See Carl now, pacing his own parlor like a caged bear.  A a way we could not have expected.
77) 6) dialog: He kept talkin' about those seven acres belonged to his father, and how honorable and decent his father was.  His meaning was pretty clear. And I didn't much like it.
77) 9) dialog: I couldn't...talk to him.  Look, Kabuo's a Jap.  And I don't hate Japs, but I don't like 'em neither. It's hard to explain if you weren't in the war, you know?
77) 11) text: And Carl turns.  Looks at her.  A full beat.
77) 12) dialog: We were kids.
93) 1) dialog: My batteries are drawed down, both of 'em.  ALternator belts were loose.
93) 4) text: PULL BACK to see him now, leaning on his gaff.  Squinting the top of Carl's mast.  We follow his gaze to see...
93) 7) dialog: Lantern and a air horn.  That's all I got, without my juice.
94) 0) text: CLOSE on a battery well.  One battery sits in place, one empty.  And... ...CRASH!  The butt end of a fishing gaff BANGS against t flange.  Again.  Again.  AGAIN.  And as the next blow is the huge hand... ...slips, and the soft metal SLICES Carl's flesh across h He stops.  Then SMASHES away, twice more.  We PULL BACK t ...two batteries lie above the well.  Carl sucks the bloo cut.  Then lifts Kabuo's D-6 into place...
94) 1) dialog: Don't know how long it's take to get a charge...
94) 3) text: Kabuo takes his gaff.  Heedless of Carl's blood on the bu Carl looks up, still crouching above his well. CARL (quietly) Hold on.  You know as well as I do, we got somethin' to talk about.
94) 5) dialog: Seven acres.  I'm wonderin' what you'd pay for 'em.  Just curious, is all.
94) 8) dialog: Did I say I was selling?  But if I was, I'd have to figure you want 'em real bad.  Oughta charge a sall fortune, maybe...
94) 10) dialog: Then again.  Maybe you'd want your battery back.
94) 13) dialog: ...might do the same.  I have to warn you 'bout that, chief.  I'm not screwed together like I used to be.
94) 15) dialog: Hell, I'm sorry, okay?  About the whole damn mess.  If I'd a been around, my mother wouldn't a pulled it off that way.
94) 16) text: He is sorry.  And with that, Kabuo's face eases.  Becomes Carl's own. CARL (grins) I was out there at sea.  Fightin' you Jap sons-a-bitches. KABUO (no grin) I'm an American.  Did I call you a Nazi, you big Nazi bastard? CARL (softly) Not that I recall.
94) 18) text: Still no smile.  Carl staring up.
94) 20) text: Carl laughs.  And Kabuo chuckles, right along with him. kept his poker face the longer.
94) 21) dialog: I am a bastard.  I'm a big Hun Nazi son of a bitch.  And I still got your bamboo fishing rod.
94) 23) dialog: Hid it from my mom.  Caught a mess a sea runs.  Damn thing's still in my closet. KABUO (very softly) You can have it.  The hell with it.
94) 25) dialog: $1200 an acre, that's what I paid Ole, won't take a dime less.  You got no choice on that.
94) 27) text: The handkerchief comes away from Carl's palm.  And rising extends toward the smaller man.
94) 28) dialog: A thousand down.  We'll sign papers t'morrow.
100) 14) text: They step across the gunnel.  Onto Carl Heine's boat.  Fl working against the dim, eerie glow of distant bulbs, the Carl's cabin. Neat as a pin.  Ishmael scans the floor.