18) 0) text: A cramped, ramshackle room.  Dust blowing through gaps in flimsy beams.  Kerosene light.  FUJIKO IMADA hangs the la the woolen army blankets to divide the room in half, as h youngest DAUGHTERS watch.  We PUSH THROUGH the blankets t other side, to see... ...the newlyweds.  Standing at a window in their wedding Kissing.  Slow and full.  Until she whispers into his ear
25) 2) text: Ishmael pulls back from the deep hole, to make room for H reach down.  We can see her fingers explore the shell of geoduck clam.
39) 0) text: OLE JURGENSEN wobbles slightly in the witness box, hands the cane planted unsteadily between his frail legs.  His water, his beard is wispy and unkempt.
39) 3) dialog: Oh, yeh.  He said someday he would get his land back.
39) 6) dialog: Oh, yeh.  But this is nine year ago, I had my healt, I wasn't wantin' to sell.
39) 8) dialog: Carl Heine came.
39) 11) dialog: He said he didn't want that life no more.  He'd been saving to buy a farm.  He was sorry I got sick. But pretty excited to get back his father's place.
39) 13) dialog: Liesel and me.  Was happy for him.
40) 0) text: Ole sits in a wicker chair at a wicker table.  His wife L setting out cold drinks.  But their visitor stands rigid, disbelieving.
40) 4) dialog: We din't have no time to take it down. He just come ten o'clock.
40) 8) dialog: If you want t'buy them seven acres.  Carl Heine's the only fella can sell 'em.
59) 0) text: Mother and daughter enter their crude quarters.  They fin sisters sitting on the wooden floor, watching... ...a team of young MEN, working with tools and pieces of One is building shelves, two others, a chest of drawers. leader kneels tacking scraps of tin over the knotholes on floor.  One girl beams at her mother...
66) 0) text: Kabuo at 19 sits on the earth.  By a shovel.  By a lanter place is shielded by trees.  PAN across the ground to... ...his father.  Slowly, reverently, placing objects into sacks, beside a shallow hole in the earth.  Wooden swords pants, a bokken, scrolls written with care.  Dialogue pla subtitled JAPANESE...
66) 14) text: The man gazes into the hole.  At his treasures.