3) 2) text: You're pushing it, Haley. STICK IT - 2B 02/11/2005 5. PAN UP THE BODY, revealing Graham Cracker in a brand new light. A twinkle in the eye. Some joy at getting caught. are up close and unhooded for the first time, and he is actually a very adorable, Avril Lavigne-esque, 17-year-ol she. Meet HALEY GRAHAM.
3) 5) dialog: Okay, this isn’t the first time I've made out with the law. We've had kind of an ongoing flirtation. FILM STRIP FREEZE FRAME OF Haley running and getting tack in amall, outside a TOYS R US.
3) 6) dialog: We've been on some dates. Broken up and gotten back together.
3) 8) dialog: And I’m not making any excuses for the fact that things haven’t worked out between us. - Haley sneaking around another corner and...returning th unopened Gameboy to its spot on the shelf, and pulling he own out of'her back pocket.
3) 9) dialog: And - don't get me wrong - it’s been great knowing it’s there if I need it. - SECURITY GUARDS lecturing a mournfully nodding Haley. T let her go, and as soon as she turns the corner she’s rol her eyes like ‘what dorks.’ FILM STRIP FREEZE FRAME of Haley holding up her BOOKING NUMBERS, facing forward, covered in dirt and wreckage.
3) 10) dialog: But, honestly? Until now, I haven‘t been ready for anything steady. STICK IT ~ 2B 02/11/2005 a C) - And profile right. Followed by profile left. FLASH.
3) 12) dialog: That‘s a long number for a girl my height.
3) 14) dialog: You‘re not counting the three times you let me go, I guess.
4) 0) text: a Reveal Haley sitting before JUDGE WESTREICH, who is casua studying the file.
4) 3) dialog: {off his cough) Like he can’t afford it. Haley's exhausted mother, ALICE DEFRANK, looks like she hasn‘t slept in years as she struggles with a TWO-YEAR OL and FIVE-MONTH OLD TWINS.
4) 5) dialog: You first, Mom.
4) 7) dialog: You could‘ve saved all of us and given a shit. Everyone heard that. The Judge restrains a smile. oO JUDGE WESTREICH Or that. (distracted) Where did this happen?
4) 15) dialog: When did he care? I missed that part. (defiant) Trust me, your Honor. It’s mutual.
4) 20) dialog: Texas Military Academy, your honor. TMA’d be just perfect, thanks. The Judge nods and writes something down before picking u his gavel.
5) 0) text: A disheveled Haley drives in a car with SUSIE MACK, a cas worker. They pull up to a development monstrosity that ca only be described as devoid of heart, soul, spirit and an sense of taste. They sit in the driveway.
6) 0) text: Haley saunters up to her room UPSTAIRS, we hang on THE WALL...which is lined with GYMNASTICS TROPHIES, RIBBONS a YEARLY FAMILY PHOTOS of better days...Haley, her mom and dad; a unit. The photos stop when Haley is around 12.
7) 0) text: A thrasher pit. BMX posters. Gear. Crap, more trophies an ribbons buried under skaterat paraphernalia. Haley pulls skateboard off the wall, revealing a Poster-sized image o younger Haley as a gymnast..complete with devil horns, a tail, pitchfork, etc. The text reads: Haley Graham, Junio National Champion. However, she has crossed out the “H” s it reads “CRAMPION” Another is SIX GIRLS in US colors wav It reads, US NATIONAL TEAM. A moustache and soul patch ha been Sharpied onto her face. TRICIA SKILKEN, the oldest o the athletes, smiles broadly. Door opens. Her father slowly walks in, closing the door.
7) 1) dialog: I'm sorry. I'm sorry I broke the window. I didn’t mean to do it.
7) 4) dialog: No, I didn‘t. And I’m sorry you had to see Mom today.
7) 6) dialog: Why did you go through a custody thing when you didn‘t even want me? He can‘t take it. He raises his hand and stops himself.
7) 7) dialog: (holding back tears) Newsflash: hitting me doesn‘t hurt Mom. It hurts me.
7) 9) dialog: Why can’t you just say it? You think it‘s my fault Mom left you.
7) 11) dialog: Dad. I didn’t know. I swear. Her father’ starts throwing her stuff in her bag.
7) 13) dialog: And if we'd been here, none of this ever would’ve happened, right?
7) 17) dialog: You have to try before you can give up. It‘s in the manual. You should read it sometime. Haley‘s father smacks her on the head. .Haley stumbles, refusing to register any pain - and you almost believe he
7) 19) dialog: No. Her father walks out. Haley opens her jaw. That hurt. Haley sadly shoves stuff in her bag and heads out.
8) 0) text: They are driving as Poot and Frank start chasing them on their bikes. They cruise alongside the moving car. POOoT Yo, Cracker! What happened? Where you going? Haley rolls down her window. Susie shakes her head, but relents...they pause at a stoplight.
8) 1) dialog: Juvey. Outside Houston. I'11 be yout soon. Susie gives a curious look.
8) 3) dialog: When you bust me out. Susie gives her another look. Haley's fighting something. Poot and Frank are completely bummed, but trying not to b PooT You know how I feel about the bust. Consider it done.
8) 5) dialog: (covering tears) Green means go. Poot shoves his phone/text messager through the window. Haley catches it awkwardly.
8) 7) dialog: But what will you -- POOoT I'll steal my brother‘s.
8) 9) dialog: Get my horse back!
12) 0) text: ON HALEY IN COMMUNAL BATHROOMS, brushing her teeth, rinsi her mouth. Re-applying toothpaste to toothbrush and start over. Foaming at the mouth. ON HALEY IN DORM, wrapping her unbrushed hair haphazardly into a bandanna and trucker cap. Tube-socked feet into shower sandals. Her regulation shirt and shorts on the be TIGHT ON HALEY'S GAMEBOY, as she stashes it into the back pocket of her chollo waders like a pistol.
13) 0) text: ON HALEY'S FEET, opening the doors with a groan and a kic
14) 1) dialog: Anybody home? Anybody care? BAM. BAM. BAM. BAM. OVERHEAD LIGHTS flicker to life above four worthy opponents: VAULT, UNEVEN BARS, FLOOREX and BE Sun streams through older windows, dust floating through air as big, old ceiling fans turn on. Haley is alone. — STICK IT - 2B 02/11/2005 14.
15) 0) text: ECU: WEAPONS CHECK. A symphony T-SHIRTS and SHORTS gettin pulled off. ATHLETIC TAPE, DOWEL GRIPS, and CHALK DUST exploding into the air like gun powder., CLOSE ON FINGERS, WRISTS, TOES, ANKLES, FEET, CALVES and THIGHS of warriors wrapping on their protection for battl TIGHT SHOTS of EIGHT ELITE GYMNASTS (12-19) ON VAULT, BAR BEAM and FLOOR, working the equipment. FROM ABOVE we see the whole space: white walls, blue floo all business. A state-of-the-art, elite gymnastics traini facility. REVERSE POV reveals a PLEXIGLASS VIEWING BOOTH where a fe MOTHERS and SOME SULLEN SIBLINGS scrutinize the proceedin DOWNSTAIRS, THE ALPHA MALE of the operation, BURT VICKERM is pacing and surveying his ELITES. Around him swirl IVAN (Russian, 30's) and DORRIE (50's), the Assistant Coaches. INSIDE, THE ENTRANCE DOORS open. HEADS turn. Haley stands in the doorway, motionless.
15) 1) dialog: There is only one thing worse than having no control over your life. THREE OLDER ELITES - JOANNE, DEVON and LACEY - share blat looks of disgust before returning to their workouts. THE FIVE YOUNGER ELITES share whispers and looks of excitement. SLO-MOTION CHECK OUT AS SHE ENTERS.... ON THE ASSISTANT COACHES, noting her arrival with disdain
15) 2) dialog: It's being forced to live it with people who hate you. And I was suddenly the filling in the middle of an ‘I hate you’ sandwich. Haley enters and plops down. She immediately starts playi her Gameboy.
15) 3) dialog: Meet the bread. STICK IT - 2B 02/11/2005 15. SFX: SUDDENLY, the SCREEN OF THE GAMEBOY is SUPERIMPOSED THE GYMNASTS, TELESCOPING IN and INTRODUCING each gymnast if she were a VIDEOGAME CHARACTER.
15) 4) dialog: Joanne Charis. Four-time national champion. Five-time national Haley hater. FREEZE-FRAME ON: A whitebread white girl making the bitch priss face you‘ve ever seen. The following STATS type ove her puss. NAME: JOANNE CHARIS. AGE: 18, HOMETOWN: Wichita KS; TITLES: A crazy amount of gymnastics titles scroll on screen including FOUR-TIME NATIONAL TEAM MEMBER; TWO-TIME WORLD TEAM MEMBER; INJURIES: insane number of injuries sc on; FAVORITE EVENT: COMPLAINING; ZODIAC SIGN: BITCH. THE FREEZE-FRAME STOPS, and we watch Joanne in action, putting on her grips and staring at Haley like bullets ar going to fly out of her eyes.
15) 5) dialog: You know when you stop being friends with a kid because they are a total jerk to you? FREEZE-FRAME ON: A muscular midget who looks twelve and w more boy than girl. NAME: LACEY MONAHAN. AGE: 17, HOMETOW Undecided. TITLES: 15th in the World; 5TH in World on Bar 2nd in US on bars. INJURIES: an explosion of minor and ma gymnastics related symptoms take up the ENTIRE SCREEN. FAVORITE EVENT: SIGHING. ZODIAC SIGN: LAME. We UNFREEZE on Lacey in time for her to SIGH. Joanne sidl up and the duo throw Haley some shade.
15) 6) dialog: Gymnastics was that kid to me. And Lacey and Joanne were its‘ best friends. FREEZE-FRAME ON: WEI WEI and MINA, 14 and 15 respectively
15) 9) dialog: And a kid like gymnastics doesn’t care if you're hurt. Doesn‘t care if you're tired. Doesn't care if you're sad. It just moves on, and finds someone new to be best friends with.
15) 13) dialog: Gymnastics is probably the most two- faced friend you could ever have. BACK WITH HALEY on her Gameboy. Over it all. ASSISTANT COACHES IVAN and DORRIE eyeing Haley suspiciously.
15) 14) dialog: And the hungriest. It eats kids for breakfast, lunch and dinner. TIGHT ON: PURPLE TRACK SUITED LEGS of BURT VICKERMAN stri through the gym with authority, GYMNASTS sitting up strai and looking serious as his figure passes them by. ANGLE ON: VARIOUS PARENTS in VIEWING GALLERY craning thei necks to see Gymnastics Personified.
15) 15) dialog: And for the parents who want their daughters to be grilled gymnasts? There was only one chef in town. REVEAL BURT VICKERMAN, where charm and belligerence colli The bad mood can’t conceal his beguiling je ne sais quoi, Burt scratches his head with a well-rehearsed incredulity FREEZE-FRAME ON: Burt Vickerman. STATS type over his Signature Glare. NAME: BURT VICKERMAN. AGE: 42. TITLES: Collegiate Gymnastics 1982-1983; NCAA POMMEL HORSE All- American 1982-83; Plano Pontiac Mid-Size Salesman of the 1987-1989; Head Coach, VICKERMAN GYMNASTICS ACADEMY, 1991 PRESENT. INJURIES: Dislocated shoulder and torn bicep 198 FAVORITE EVENT: WINNING; ZODIAC SIGN: OLYMPIC RINGS.
15) 17) dialog: Burt Vickerman cooked up the best barbecued gymnasts West of the Mississippi. ON BURT, surveying his domain, pointing to his head.
15) 20) dialog: Personally? I wasn’t a fan of his sauce. Coach Vickerman strides over, looming large, extending hi hand, pulling Haley up. The furious Joanne stirs the pot.
15) 23) dialog: I accidentally burned all my leotards last year. (xe: outfit) Hope this is okay. It isn't. Vick pauses, deciding he’s going to play along.
15) 25) dialog: To you? No.
15) 28) dialog: (doing Elfie Schlagel announcer voice) (MORE )
15) 29) text: HALEY (cont'd) She‘s not of drinking age, but Joanne Charis is still drunk on power. How is that possible, Tim, and when will she go to rehab? (doing Tim Daggett) Well, Elfie, with all those national championships under her belt, Joanne Charis thinks she rules the world.
15) 31) dialog: If the team had been any good they wouldn't have needed my score, now would they? Haley leaves Joanne and meanders up to the vault. The GIR look at her, like, is she really vaulting in chollo culot and a hoodie? Haley gives the girls the same look in retu
15) 32) dialog: You guys are really underdressed. Haley chalks up and does an exaggerated Will Ferrell-esqu preparation at the head of the vault runway.
15) 34) dialog: I prefer Tsukaharas. How bout we get this party started with a full- twisting butt-a-hara? VAULT ROTATION GIRLS share a huh? mixed with some awe. PARENTS ON THE VIEWING DECK, crane their necks to look. ON HALEY, a stern, focused stare down the runway and a peculiar bounce/skip step combo before her sprint. ON THE ELITES, now fully stopping to watch. ON HALEY, throwing a round-off onto the beat board and fl backwards onto the vault, sitting on the vault tongue lik chair, spinning and jumping off with an exaggerated finis STICK IT - 2B 02/11/2005 19. ON THE GIRLS, in shock at the flagrant rebellion and nervously returning to their workouts with the knowledge shit and fan are milliseconds from a collision. ON VICKERMAN, heading with scary calm in Haley’s directio
15) 35) dialog: I know. My landing was a little off.
16) 1) dialog: Put me down, Shrek.
17) 0) text: Vickerman sits her down on a beam. Haley’s bristling.
17) 1) dialog: Respect? Is that how you respect people? Throw them over your shoulder and violate their personal space?
17) 3) dialog: Like what? And what is it you've done to earn my respect exactly? I missed that part. Haley nods, rifling through her knapsack for something.
17) 6) dialog: I’m confused. And your point?
17) 8) dialog: Oh, it’s possible. It‘s just not likely. Vickerman nods with flourish.
17) 10) dialog: And I don't particularly care if you like me or not.
17) 12) dialog: I don’t do one-way streets.
17) 15) dialog: Not if they’re one-way.
18) 0) text: The ELITES sprint by. After a beat, Haley meanders past a towards the old gym.
19) 0) text: Haley enters the parents’ viewing deck as many YOUNGER GYMNASTS of various levels take class behind the plexi. Haley approaches Vick’s office door, listening as he talk a parent. She’s hiding, but he sees her.
20) 0) text: ECU CLOCK reads 9:48am. SILENCE. ON HALEY‘S FOOT filling the frame, surrounded by the entr doors to the gym. WITH A BANG and BLAST OF LIGHT, the door bursts open as T ELITES race into the gym. The POV makes Haley's foot look like Gulliver's, surrounded by Lilliputians.
20) 2) dialog: A new leotard might distract the ‘judges and scouts from your lack of talent. It’s a solid strategy.
20) 4) dialog: That she can even say the word college is an indictment against the whole institution.
20) 11) dialog: That'd be too long.
20) 13) dialog: You were getting a lot of attention because you sucked, Joanne. STICK IT - 2B 02/11/2005 25.
20) 16) dialog: Don't believe everything you hear. The truth is actually much, much worse. (heading to the beam) But not as bad as Joanne'‘s pre- school beam routine. Joanne scoffs. Dorrie tries to calm Haley.
20) 18) dialog: Your secret‘s safe with me. (adjusting beat board) Since I'm so jealous of Joanne, I memorized her routine already. i
20) 20) dialog: And I don’t think you can think. I'm two years out-of-shape and I can do this in my sleep. Without blinking, Haley mounts the beam like Joanne.
20) 21) dialog: Why do a risky flight mount when you can get on safely? Haley mimics Joanne’s safe routine throughout: it is the paragon of lame gymnastics choreography. STICK IT - 2B 02/11/2005 26.
20) 22) dialog: (to lame hand moves) Then we have some finger-flicking good choreography. (into butt stick-out) The classic butt shelf, followed by some choreographic dust bunnies - useless bits of fluff that get us from Point A to Point B and induce the urge to vacuum. Haley launches easily into the moves she describes. Joann is looking around, like, is anyone going to do anything?
20) 23) dialog: Then - the standard D connection acro series: flip flop layout step out layout step out, into some dance, dance revolution, a full turn on one leg, and at least one leap with a 180 degree split! Haley leaps and fake bobbles, dramatically covering it.
20) 24) dialog: That was for you, Joanne. {into front tuck/jump)} Woohoo - punch front, wolf jump - ever since they raised the value of that we've been boring audiences with it for years! COACH IVAN, MINA AND WEI WEI gaping with their mouths ope i HALEY Watch as I set up my unspectacular dismount: it’s the most points I can get for the least amount of work, so rather than show you what I can really do - which, let’s face it, isn‘t much - let me phone it
20) 26) dialog: Hello? What’s your name?
20) 28) dialog: Hi, Mina, it’s Haley. Listen, could you tell Joanne I'm going to take over and do a real dismount? GASP! Everyone runs from around the gym. Mina pretends to cover the mouthpiece on the phone.
20) 31) dialog: How about a triple back? I‘11 probably cowboy my legs apart, but, that's what Joanne would do. And, after all, it is hard to keep my legs together after sleeping with our old coach for so long. You understand. Haley hangs up. Then she turns the pretend phone into a f microphone, covering her ear and whispers into it.
20) 32) dialog: She's really going to have to stick the landing...
20) 33) text: Haley "tosses" the fake mic, spots the end of the beam an
20) 37) dialog: You kinda look like you need CPR.
20) 39) dialog: Don‘t know. Don‘t care.
20) 41) dialog: But I‘m so good at both.
21) 0) text: ECU CLOCK: 5:00PM, WIDER IN GYM as the Elites finish workouts. Haley plops down and takes out the Gameboy. Dor and Ivan loom over her.
21) 8) dialog: Don‘t bitch at me. You're the ones choosing to do this. Get some free will. They keep pulling. Haley doesn’t move. The girls are obeying, but glaring at Haley. IN THE VIEWING WINDOW, cute-as-a-button soccer Mom, MRS. CHARIS, is getting ready to do something. . a Vickerman clocks the incoming Mom and makes a call.
21) 15) dialog: I didn't sleep with my coach for crack, I slept with him because it felt good. Jeez, Mrs. C. The gym empties, each ELITE staring Haley down or refusin look at her as they exit. Joanne throws a fit.
22) 0) text: Haley trudges to the building and pulls on the doorknob. It's locked. She knocks, peeking inside. Nothing. ON THE SECOND FLOOR, a window opens. A DUFFLE BAG is drop almost hitting Haley on her head. It’s Lacey and Devon, w close the window and turn off the light. Mina pops her he out a window. Wei Wei joins her. 4
23) 0) text: Haley walks in with her knapsack. Plops down. Haley pulls the text messager, typing: HATE IT HERE. HATE EVERYONE. H MY LIFE. SAVE ME. . Haley curls up on the floor, using her duffle as a pillow The text messager RINGS to life, reading: WE GOT YOUR HOR STAY TUNED. Suddenly, Vickerman strolls in with car keys.
24) 0) text: Haley’s laying on a bench outside, staring at the sky. Vickerman arrives with a tray of food.
24) 1) dialog: You're totally leeching off people.
24) 3) dialog: You got a lot of girls going to the Olympics. What country they gonna represent? The State of Delusion? Vick chuckles before diving into his burger with joy.
24) 5) dialog: Oh, really? And what's my side?
24) 7) dialog: You know? What do you know? You just punished a bunch of girls for something they couldn’t control! That‘s not knowledge, that’s an abuse of power. STICK IT - 2B 02/11/2005 32.
24) 9) dialog: Whatever. I'm hungry and over it.
24) 11) dialog: Look what you're eating. The Coach continues eating. It’s good. He doesn't offer a
24) 13) dialog: I'm pretty sure she knew that already, but thanks.
24) 16) dialog: Correct. College gymnastics is one big, fat To-Don't. Vick savors some fries with excessive appreciation.
24) 19) dialog: And your business is none of my business. This was chosen for me. So don’t expect me to cooperate or behave. I don‘t want to be here.
24) 22) dialog: sBecause it doesn’t matter! This sport is a joke. We have to be accurate and the judges don’t! The judging is lame, the rules are lame and the outcomes are lame.
24) 24) dialog: I could be the best gymnast in the world and if I’m off for one second? It’s over. I don’t want to work so hard for so little upside when judges aren’t held to ) the same standard. (MORE )
24) 25) text: wy STICK IT - 2B 02/11/2005 34. HALEY (cont'd) Sorry to diss your life's work and all. No offense. Vickerman is not unimpressed by her logic.
24) 28) dialog: Right.
24) 30) dialog: iI really don’t see the point.
24) 32) dialog: I was great once? You‘re not actually pushing the ‘you were great once' speech.
24) 36) dialog: You‘re like a total cliche. You realize that, right?
24) 38) dialog: Talent out the ass, natural ability that half the world’s gymnasts would KILL for and you're flushing it! Don‘t flush your life away, kid! Step away from the bowl.
24) 40) dialog: I wasn’t great. I was obedient. (over it) I am sick and tired of being judged. I don't need it.
24) 42) dialog: What? i
24) 44) dialog: And they say I learned nothing from this sport!
24) 47) dialog: Aren‘t we going back?
25) 0) text: Dark. Starry. Lonely. Haley walks along the road, hungry, tired and miserable. Her misery becoming tears, all toughness vanishing. She stops and stares at the moon, mouthing “Help,” before continuing back. Changed.
26) 0) text: Morning conditioning. Pan over to Haley who Gameboys as t other gymnasts do their workouts. The assistant coaches a all looking at Vick like he’s lost it for tolerating this Vick sits down next to her.
26) 3) dialog: Are you being straight with me? Cause I've had enough of lunatic adults for a while. For real. STICK IT - 2B 02/11/2005 37. People are watching this exchange. Vick is under his brea on this one.
26) 5) dialog: Did you really fight to have me here? Vickerman nods solemnly. Haley needed that.
26) 6) dialog: So you'll call the judge and get me out of here and look into all the restitution stuff? No bull?
26) 8) dialog: Then here‘s the deal: I'll compete for the money so I can get out. But I train on my own until I’m ready. So, just scream at me to get out of the gym. Haley looks at him like she’s not moving unless he scream
26) 9) dialog: We both got face to save, Vick. I'm not struggling in front of those robots -- ‘ VICKERMAN C'mon, Haley. Please. On a dime, Vick turns into a screaming monster.
27) 0) text: SPEED TRAINING: Haley lining up her grip-laden wrists and launching into back handsprings on the mat. Five in a row Ten in a row. Twenty in a row. She stops, panting...looks
28) 0) text: Haley’s eating dinner in a corner, her hoodie up, Gameboy Mina and Wei Wei approach her when they’re done eating.
28) 2) dialog: What? And have a mind of your own? This is gymnastics! That‘s crazy! They stand there for a second, look at each other and lea Haley finishes and loiters on her Gameboy until everyone leaves. After the last girl gets up, Haley waits. Rises. And can barely walk, limping out of the Mess Hall. i
29) 0) text: Everyone’s asleep. Haley limps past a room, carrying something.
30) 0) text: Haley adds ice to a tub filled with ice and water. Wincin and exhaling, gingerly lowering herself into the freezing water. She shivers and grits her teeth.
30) 1) dialog: Shtinka minka funk funk shtoodle berry!
30) 4) dialog: Shtid-rotten kukamonga pusspot! Mina's grabbing something and hears Haley's pseudo-sweari and smiles.
31) 0) text: TRAMPOLINE TRAINING SEQUENCE: Haley’s feet bouncing. Goin higher and higher. Just getting her body positions and landing.
33) 0) text: Haley’s still on the tramp. Her bounces more confident. Double layout. Double pike. No problem. Vickerman pops in
33) 2) dialog: Nope.
33) 4) dialog: Nope.
33) 6) dialog: Yup.
33) 8) dialog: Probably.
33) 10) dialog: i (smiling) Too late.
34) 2) dialog: Turtle crap. ON HALEY, dragging foam across the gym and piling it up. HALEY FALLING SEQUENCE: Haley doing the same combination falling; Once. Dragging foam. Twice. Dragging foam. Three times. More foam. WIDER REVEALS: Haley has built up monster piles of foam o each side of the beam as she practices. Six times. Eight times. Getting more and more determined with each fall.
34) 3) dialog: Poodle farts. INT. DORM - HALEY’S ROOM - NIGHT The clock reads 2AM. Haley climbs into bed, exhausted. Sh goes for some Ibuprofen. It's empty. She grabs her Gamebo for comfort, wincing as she plays.
35) 0) text: The fluorescent lights are blinding and loud. Haley holds her empty bottie and pushes an empty cart up the empty ai looking for her stuff. She pauses, looking at the selecti She reaches for a bottle. ‘
35) 5) text: HALEY’S POV: The entire shelf wall of the store is filled PRESCRIPTION BOTTLES in her name. Haley's frantic, pulling bottle after bottle off the shel putting them in her basket....which is now overflowing. T store‘s ALARM SOUNDS... .
36) 0) text: It’s Haley’s Gameboy making NOISES. Haley bolts up, panti She flips on the light as Mina rushes to the door.
36) 2) dialog: Yeah, fine. Why?
36) 4) dialog: (covering) I was dreaming I was at a concert.
36) 6) dialog: ;Go back to sleep. Mina and Wei Wei head back to bed, sharing a look.
37) 0) text: Girls coming home for dinner. Haley’s still out. STICK IT - 2B 02/11/2005 43. INT. ELITE GYM - NEXT MORNING - HALEY’S REAL DEBUT Haley shows up for practice, which is already well in session. She’s in a leotard and ready to show her stuff.
37) 4) dialog: Don‘t be so humble. You're not that great. AROUND THE GYM, everyone pretty much stops what they are doing to watch Haley. ON HALEY singing to herself as she drags a beat board tow the bars and is putting on her grips, ignoring the focus. ON VICKERMAN AND MINA watching her chalk up.
37) 8) dialog: What?
37) 11) dialog: Lacey? Please tell Joanne I got my GED when I was fifteen. Lacey SIGHS at the enormous inconvenience.
38) 7) dialog: Don‘t squish her kick-ass tumbling into your lame-ass style. Dorrie swallows something unkind. i DORRIE I‘11 do my job and you do yours.
38) 8) dialog: I‘m not paid to be here. And I don't think it’s your job to make cookie cutter routines for gymnasts who are completely different. It‘s lazy coaching. Haley begins mimicking the horrible cliches of Floor Exer choreography as she speaks.
38) 9) dialog: That's because it’s not choreography, it‘s FLOOREOGRAPHY! {faux excitement) Pointless bouncing. Flappy, fluffy arms. (MORE)
38) 10) text: HALEY (cont'd) Let’s be really sassy and add some vava-voom hips with a wah wah trumpet!
38) 12) dialog: (still faux excited) Why don‘t we just put a pole in the middle of the floor and score some tips while we’re out there? (to Dorrie, dead calm) I mean, I understand if you can’t be original, but don’t be lame. Dorrie loses it, and is on the verge of crying.
38) 14) dialog: Well, then we've got something to look forward to...cause I’ve been holding back.
38) 19) dialog: Because she can‘t handle one opinion? If I'm so wrong why is she so mad? ae STICK IT - 2B 02/11/2005 47. This sends Dorrie over the edge into hyperventilation lan
38) 22) dialog: That‘s not choreography. It’s homicide. (sigh) I was just trying to help.
38) 27) dialog: I know your very busy milking the cash cow next door, but fix Mina's floor routine. She‘s a badass and Dorrie’s sissifying her into a ballet dork.
38) 29) dialog: For someone who’s so into the Olympics, you don’t pay much attention to your thoroughbreds. She studies him. He‘s clueless. HALEY . I don‘t want to get in the way of your gold medal factory next door, but Dorrie’s not a world class coach. Ivan YELLS in Russian about the rhythmics off-camera.
39) 0) text: vick, Haley and Mina rush into the gym and see...
39) 1) dialog: This is so leotarded. RHYTHMIC MAYHEM: The rail-thin RHYTHMIC GYMNASTS are in a full scale battle with their equipment: balls, clubs, rin ribbons flying everywhere. It's a flurry of sequins and frustration... None of the adults can break it up, so Vickerman stands on a beam and starts shouting.
39) 3) dialog: Every freak has their freak. And while gymnasts are freaks, rhythmic gymnasts are like our circus freaks. They’re insane. (MORE )
39) 4) text: HALEY (V.0.) (cont'd) But if you had to jump through hoops and twirl ribbons without tripping or eating, you'd be insane, too. Mina is studying them with Haley.
39) 6) dialog: Isn‘t it genius? You should see Sports Acro or Power Tumbling.
39) 8) dialog: Oh, do I have things to show you. Haley heads back to the Elite Gym as Mina - desperate for more - follows her like a puppy.
40) 0) text: Lacey, Joanne and other gymnasts from school return for evening workout. AT UNEVENS, Haley's working release moves on a set: a Comaneci Salto into a Hindorff. Wei Wei studies the combination. Haley jumps down to re-chalk and adjust her grips. Wei Wei CLEARS HER THROAT. And again. Haley looks up. ON WEI WEI, doing the exact same combination Haley just d ON HALEY, impressed.
40) 1) dialog: How long have you been doing that? Wei Wei shrugs.
40) 2) dialog: Show me more. TIME PLAYS TRICKS - FAST AND SLOW FOR BEAUTY - as Wei Wei launches into this flight series on the unevens. STICK IT - 2B 02/11/2005 50. ON HALEY, mouth agape in what might be her very first mom of genuine surprise and wonder as Wei Wei dismounts.
40) 3) dialog: You could go to Worlds, you know,
40) 5) dialog: Way way, Wei Wei. Wei Wei gets all wide-eyed and puppy dog, nodding eagerly
40) 8) dialog: You know you guys’re way better than Joanne or Lacey. Or me. Wei Wei shakes her head and looks down all shy and blushy
40) 9) dialog: But you gotta want it want it.
40) 11) dialog: Then you're going to the Friendship cup. off Wei Wei and Mina’s shocked look, we CUT TO
41) 2) dialog: You already decided? Gee, it’s just like Nationals. vick smirks indulgently.
41) 7) dialog: At what point does what we can do now count?
41) 9) dialog: Don‘t you think we should earn our spots? And not have them handed to us?
41) 13) dialog: Dalmations are born with spots, they don’t earn them. Which is my point.
41) 15) dialog: If I’m going, I want to know IT earned my spot...not that it’s being handed to me based on some subjective, opinion-based, reputation crap.
41) 17) dialog: I'm not a sore sport. It‘s the sport that’s sore. {to Vickerman, goading) ;Take whoever. Nobody cares what you do, Vick. No one cares.
42) 5) dialog: I acknowledge your concerns and will take them into consideration. As I light the bars on fire.
42) 7) dialog: My toes drill oil. STICK IT - 2B 02/11/2005 54.
43) 4) dialog: Now who’s jelly of who? STICK IT - 2B 02/11/2005 55. Mina and Wei Wei are high-fiving and settle down when Joa looks at them, then notch it up after she’s passed by.
44) 6) dialog: I think if Chris DeFrank had wanted me to keep training with him, he should’ve thought about that before he started boning my Mom. Haley walks away, leaving a stunned group of judges.
45) 0) text: Haley is at the pay phone, alone. It’s dark. She's nervou STICK IT - 2B 02/11/2005 56.
45) 1) dialog: {into phone, leaving a message) Hey, Dad. Sorry to bother you. I just wanted you to know I’m working hard here, and I’m going to try and pay you back for the window and stuff. I’m competing at this thing, and if I win, I’ll give you all the money. (long pause) Okay. That’s it. I just wanted you to know I’m not goofing around. Okay, then. Bye. Haley looks at the phone, and hangs up. Determined.
46) 0) text: Devon hands Haley a neatly folded warm-up and leo...and t drops it on the floor at her feet before walking away. Ha picks it up as Lacey works beam behind her.
46) 1) dialog: Thanks. Lacey's on beam, throwing a full-twisting back to a strad through and “crotches the beam.” Hard. Instinctively, Lac grabs onto the beam, circling around and hangs by her kne before falling flat to the floor.
47) 0) text: As DORRIE and GIRLS unload the mini-van, a CAR pulls up a starts HONKING. The VGA crew turns to see od STICK IT - 2B 02/11/2005 57. A CONVERTIBLE with FOUR COLLEGE HOTTIES crammed inside. T CUTE GUYS head out of the Arena, running towards the car KISSING TWO OF THE GIRLS and hopping in. The car peals ou in a fun blare of MUSIC and LAUGHTER. ON JOANNE, MINA, WEI WEI and HALEY, watching the life the missing with more than a little angst.
47) 2) dialog: That’s a strategy. Boys love violence.
48) 0) text: ON SIGNAGE: “Welcome to the FRIENDSHIP CUP,” underneath i are two additional signs with OPPOSING ARROWS for “ARTIST GYMNASTICS" and "T&T.” Vick and crew follow the AG arrow. ‘ MINA What‘s T&T? Haley assesses the timing before pulling Mina the other w
48) 1) dialog: Trampoline and tumbling. Power tumbling. Come on.
49) 0) text: A WOMEN’S SYNCHRO DUO practice on side-by-side TRAMPOLINE OTHER SYNCHRO TEAMS wait their turn. TIGHT ON HI-TECH SPRING RODS getting secured into an EIGH FOOT LONG runway. ON MINA AND HALEY, rushing over to watch this strange wor
49) 3) dialog: Can she try it? The PT Girl nods. Mina races like a banshee to the runway
51) 0) text: ON MINA, now totally pumped. AND WEI WEI, looking complet overwhelmed. Haley joins them. Focused.
51) 1) dialog: Don’t be nervous. Wei Wei looks at her like she wants to vomit.
51) 3) dialog: Trust me: they’re not thinking about you. Concentrate on the judges. Make them look. Don’t ask them to look at you in a sweet tone of voice as if they are doing you a favor. Make them look. And if you eat mat? Eat mat hard. But make them look. Wei Wei seems to pump up.
51) 4) dialog: This is your chance to make a noise. So show em what you can do.
52) 0) text: Haley is warming up her tough stuff on vault. Incredulous Vick watches her a beat, and moves in for a chat.
52) 2) dialog: I'm doing what I practiced. STICK IT - 2B 02/11/2005 60.
52) 4) dialog: I want the money and I want to throw what I can throw.
52) 6) dialog: It‘s not about hitting, it’s about expressing something. And I haven‘t been practicing my one and a half. I don’t think I even remember how to do it.
52) 8) dialog: You just don’t want to look bad.
52) 10) dialog: You stick it, you gross old man. Haley smiles. Vick smiles. He's gotten through to her.
52) 13) dialog: (whispering) Double it. You can do the one and a half as your second if you screw up, right? Vault's the one place you get do-overs. NASCAR it up. Mina nods confidently. Haley changes her vault number and heads back down to the waiting area as Mina chalks up.
52) 15) dialog: Fuel-injected. ON JUDGES, giving the green light. ON MINA, saluting and staring down the runway with intens Her run is thunderous. Her face contorted. She throws a double-twisting Yurchenko. Her power and distance from th horse are palpable. And she sticks it. The crowd ROARS. ON HALEY AND VICKERMAN, blown away.
52) 19) dialog: You know what? Put me down for a one and a half. It’s pointless. I’m not chancing getting screwed by them again. I want the money. Vickerman is stunned, shocked and relieved.
52) 23) dialog: iI chickened at the last minute. That doesn’t ring completely true to Mina or Wei Wei. Or Haley. Haley shrugs. Vickerman’s happy.
52) 25) dialog: If your feet move, it‘s not a stick. We'll see how the judges score that.
52) 30) dialog: Stop being nasty, Joanne.
52) 32) dialog: And like a sneeze, one really bad wipeout can give an entire meet the flu.
53) 0) text: As GYMNAST after GYMNAST wipes out: a fall off the beam; butt-landing on floor; stepping out of bounds on vault; a three consecutive missed release moves on bars. Girls are tanking. i HALEY (V.0.) And all you can do is hope like hell you don‘t catch it.
54) 2) dialog: S‘alright, Mina! Shake it off! ON MINA, dismounting and disappointed and SNEEZES. Twice. ON HALEY, clocking the sneeze with a worried look.
55) 0) text: ON WEI WEI saluting, shaken from Mina’s fall. She mounts bar with a difficult series of Stalders and hits her rele moves, including two hop fulls and a Kovacs. Wei Wei dismounts but PUTS HER HANDS DOWN on the landing. The CROWD GROANS. Haley cheers her on, but Wei Wei‘’s ups as she descends the stairs to the waiting area.
55) 1) dialog: No worries, Wei Wei! Good job. ON WEI WEI‘S SCORE: 9.2 ON JOANNE, getting ready and walking by WW, smug. i JOANNE Nice stick. JOANNE’S ROUTINE is steady and boring. Joanne dismounts. ON JOANNE‘S SCORE: 9.512 ON HALEY consoling WEI WEI, who's distraught.
55) 3) dialog: I have no idea. As Haley ascends the podium, Mina gives her a fist pump.
55) 9) dialog: Easy for you to say. You have no ‘shame. ON HALEY’S SCORE: 9.612 ON WEI WEI AND MINA, totally grossed out by her result. Haley watches COACH DUANE MARVIN talking to a very upset competitor, LESLIE RUSSO. Leslie is looking straight ahea erying as her coach talks at her, rubbing her elbow.
56) 1) dialog: Mina Hoyt. First gymnast to stick a layout-layout full on balance beam. You‘re about to go down in history. we STICK IT - 2B 02/11/2005 67. Mina and Wei Wei say nothing, and go about their business
56) 2) dialog: What's wrong? Don‘t bum on the falls. It sucks you fell, but you made them look. .
56) 5) dialog: Wait - it's not that simple, you guys - let me explain! They are being corralled back out to beam before Haley ha chance to explain. Haley looks guilt-ridden and can’t arg she is selling out and she knows it.
56) 8) dialog: Hi, Mom. How are you?
56) 10) dialog: About what? 4
56) 13) dialog: And until I’m eighteen you aren‘t allowed to see me without a court- appointed guardian present.
56) 15) dialog: United front? I’m done fronting for you. Or anyone.
56) 17) dialog: It's safe to say you were getting a little more out of it than a long drive.
56) 19) dialog: We? What event were you competing on? Boxsprings? Alice takes a deep breath. There’s that stage mother thin
56) 20) dialog: Mom. Six girls go to the Olympics. I was not going to be one of them.
56) 22) dialog: I don’t respect people who don’t respect me.
56) 24) dialog: In his way. Yeah, I do, actually.
56) 26) dialog: Paid him off? What do you mean paid him off? Everyone there pays.
57) 0) text: -- beam podium to do her warm-up with the rest of her clu Immediately, Haley’s throwing her hardest tricks. Vickerm clocks the reckless intensity immediately.
57) 2) dialog: Everything. 74
58) 0) text: ECU: A finger hits a switch; A GREEN LIGHT illuminates. TIGHT ON HALEY, fiercer than we've ever seen her, salutin THE HEAD BEAM JUDGE saluting back. ALL SOUND vanishes, and only Haley’s BREATHING, HEARTBEAT and SOUNDS of her BODY on THE EQUIPMENT remain. WIDER reveals the intensity of her approach to the beam, is the athlete who made the World Team. Nothing will distract her. She is going to show everything she’s got. ON HALEY, charging into her mount with a rock-solid landi A DULL CROWD CHEER can be heard through HALEY‘’S SFX.
59) 0) text: Calmly, Haley descends the podium and grabs her bag. She scans the stands, finding Poot and Frank. Giving a metal salute and pointing to the exit. They see she needs them. VICKERMAN corralling Dorrie, who goes to the team. He fol Haley out of the arena.
60) 0) text: Tears of humiliation and betrayal streaming down Haley’s cheeks. Vick is chasing after her.
60) 3) dialog: Let me guess: Is this you fighting for me to be here? .
60) 5) dialog: Blah blah blah. Don‘t I sound like I really care, Haley? Don’t I? Cause I care, I really care, he lied.
60) 7) dialog: For me? Yeah, you said something about the fact this was about me. About my freedom. Helping me. You forgot to tell me the part where you were cashing in on it. Was that what you were fighting for? How much you'd get paid? Vickerman knows exactly what she’s talking about.
60) 8) dialog: ;Oooh - brilliant coach reforms troubled teen and saves his ailing reputation. It is a long tunnel. The light is back in the arena. This exit is dark.
60) 10) dialog: Everything you said to me was an insurance policy to get those fat checks from my father. Your word was bought and paid for. STICK IT - 2B 02/11/2005 73.
60) 12) dialog: Dollars and cents.
60) 14) dialog: I am not an adult! I'ma kid! When do I get to be the kid? When do I get to screw up and have somebody say, “It's okay, you‘re a kid, you screwed up, it happens.” Why do the adults get to. screw up all the time but we have to be perfect?
60) 16) dialog: ‘You know what? You didn‘t owe it to me to be a decent coach. You owed it to me to be a decent human being. Haley runs towards the exit. Vickerman watches her, turns heads back towards the fake, bright lights.
60) 21) dialog: Tuff Skin.
60) 23) dialog: No, it's sticky stuff you spray on your butt so the leotard won't move.
60) 26) dialog: Yes, they poop glitter and their farts shimmer. 5
60) 31) dialog: Don’t worry, Frank. My head‘s up my butt, too. Far. They all face forward in silence. Knowing it’s kinda true EXT. POOT’S HOUSE - PLANO A cop car sits outside. Haley and Poot jump out of Frank’ truck, pulling her bike out of the trunk.
60) 33) dialog: Of course not.
61) 0) text: Haley and Poot enter. Officer Ferguson is sitting on the couch. Waiting for her.
61) 2) dialog: Hi. They stand there a beat, waiting to see what happens. And then... PooT Hey, Mom, what’s up? Officer Ferguson beckons Haley and gives her a hug. Haley doesn’t want to let go.
61) 10) dialog: (reading) ‘Haley Graham is not only one of the most talented gymnasts I've ever worked with, she is one of the most inspiring. While the situations surrounding Haley's arrival at my facility were not ideal, she has earned my respect and admiration. She is welcome to return, but Haley is quite capable of deciding what is best for her, and I'd encourage the court to include her perspective in its decision. Sincerely, Burt Vickerman.‘ (to Judge) But I’m just a kid.
61) 13) dialog: I‘m not sure what I want.
61) 16) dialog: But I’m not eighteen yet --
62) 0) text: A front door opens. Haley is standing behind it. She take deep breath.
62) 1) dialog: I wanted you to know, that you are allowed to be mad at me for all the stuff I did - crashing through the window, stunts I pulled or the times we fought, or whatever - you ican hate me for that. REVERSE REVEALS Haley‘s father, standing there, stunned.
62) 2) dialog: And if you do hate me for all that, I am apologizing and saying I‘m sorry for that stuff. I am so sorry. But you can’t be mad at me for something I didn’t do. It’s not fair. I didn’t know what Mom was doing. Okay? Brice nods slightly. Grateful.
62) 3) dialog: I just wanted you to know that. a STICK IT - 2B 02/11/2005 79. And with that, Haley walks away. No hug, no tears...leavi her father standing there in the doorway, watching her le He gives a look that says in his own shut-down way, he appreciates it. BRICE . Haley? I’m sorry you didn‘t come with a manual. (he smiles sadly) Don’t be a stranger, okay? He watches her before shutting the door.
63) 0) text: Haley opens the door and climbs into the truck, Poot and Frank looking sheepish. Haley smells something and stops.
63) 1) dialog: Ohmigod, that‘s inhuman. They burst out laughing. She gets in the truck and rolls the window, sticking her head out like a dog. Poot What did he say?
63) 2) dialog: Not much.
63) 5) dialog: Her, too, I guess.
64) 7) dialog: You got through an entire letter without using the word ‘gold.’ They share a long look of understanding. Forgiveness.
64) 10) dialog: What's the catch?
64) 12) dialog: What? So you can go to Worlds? STICK IT - 2B 02/11/2005 82. oO VICKERMAN We all know you'll bail before Worlds. (smiles) Besides, no one thinks you can make the world team. No one but me.
64) 13) dialog: You're high on chalk.
64) 16) dialog: I‘1l stay on one condition.
64) 18) dialog: You have to get back on the tramp. That's not gonna happen.
64) 19) dialog: Don't you guys wanna see Vick do a ; layout? They look at Haley like she’s crazy. So does Vick.
64) 22) dialog: I‘ll stay for Nationals if you get up there and do a layout. It’s your call. Vickerman is considering it. Haley waves the girls over. wa
64) 28) dialog: No worries. I want you to meet the anti-suck. Poot and Frank stroll in.
65) 0) text: Haley, Joanne, Mina and Wei Wei are pigging out on bad fo ice cream, fast food, junk food. They are in heaven.
66) 2) dialog: Deal. They start wailing on DDR as we cut to STICK IT - 2B 02/11/2005 85.
67) 0) text: Poot is sitting on a chair. HALEY . Loser gets a make-over. Haley whispers to the MAKE-UP LADY. TIME-LAPSE as the CHAIR SPINS AROUND: Poot has a ton of h clips in his hair, and is covered in glitter eye makeup. Poot checks his look and turns seriously to the MAKE-UP L
68) 0) text: Joanne grabs a prom dress and goes to the dressing room. Haley, Mina and Wei Wei also grab dresses. MOMENTS LATER Joanne is modeling her dress. Out of nowher Haley, Mina and Wei Wei start flip flopping through frame tumbling in their big poofy dresses. MINUTES LATER, Poot and Frank, now in dresses, cartwheel badly through frame. Joanne‘s buying her dress, apologizi to the apathetic SALES ASSOCIATE.
70) 0) text: Haley sleeps. Poot and Frank on the floor, snoring.
73) 0) text: Joanne rushes Haley escorting Poot and Frank to the truck
73) 3) dialog: (rolling her eyes) Bye, guys. I’m out. Haley bails leaving Poot's flummoxed, a little embarrasse about what's going on.
74) 0) text: Joanne waltzes in, happier than we‘ve seen her. Haley‘s grabbing some water. Vick is signing for a delivery.
74) 15) dialog: I thought you wanted her to win. Joannne looks horrified. Mrs. Charis calmly collects her and looks at Joanne as if to say, “we're leaving.”
75) 7) dialog: If you're bummed at Vick, fine. But don‘t take it out on them.
75) 9) dialog: Joanne. If you don’t want people to think you're a bitch, don’t be a bitch. It's kinda straightforward. STICK IT- 2B 02/11/2005 91. f) Wy JOANNE (freaking out) I just want to go to prom! They don't give out tiaras at nationals! HALEY . Joanne. If you act normal around Poot, he'll take you out.
75) 11) dialog: Life is not a routine you have to do perfectly for an audience. Joanne rolls her eyes at Haley, aghast and serious.
75) 14) dialog: I'm considering performing to silence. It'll be super pretty. Joanne is freaking out looking in the box. cn
75) 19) dialog: ) I know. Don't worry about it. STICK IT - 2B 02/11/2005 . 92. Haley looks at Vickerman, who isn’t listening, but is watching Devon and Lacey, who are rocking their tricks.
76) 0) text: HIGH-SPEED CAM: The PODIUMS assembled in the arena, EQUIP loaded into place. The SIGNAGE lowering from the scaffold announcing THE U.S. NATIONAL GYMNASTICS CHAMPIONSHIPS. HIGH-SPEED CONTINUING into PODIUM WORKOUTS as all the COMPETITORS get their shot to warm-up in the space withou audience. TIME SLOWS DOWN, as THE JUDGES, THE AUDIENCE and THE MEDI file in, taking their places. AT THE ARENA FLOOR ENTRANCE, we file past DOZENS of GYMNA in their CLUB SWEATSUITS waiting to march into competitio We land on Haley. HALEY‘S POV: The BRIGHTLY LIT ARENA.
76) 1) dialog: I always thought it would be way better if competitors wore their i feelings on their jackets instead of the names of their club. ANGLE ON GYMNASTS, filing in. CLOSE ON BACK OF JACKETS.
76) 2) dialog: 
76) 4) dialog: I know my jacket would have a lot to say. STICK IT - 2B 02/11/2005 93. And then the words change: REBELLIOUS; NERVOUS; HOMESICK; SKEPTICAL; IRRITATED; EXCITED. Haley turns around, smiling to herself about being there. When her smile SLO-MO’S into an ‘oh-shit-not-this’ look. REVERSE POV: The legendary TRICIA SKILKEN (22) walking towards Haley, slicing past her like a razor. ON TRICIA'S JACKET as she blows by Haley. THE WORDS FLASH
78) 0) text: Tricia is intentionally psyching Haley out. Haley takes a deep breath. Tricia crosses her arms. —
78) 2) dialog: Look, Tricia. I didn’t mean to wreck your Worlds. (really trying) My family was...disintegrating... and I want you to know I’m really sorry it affected you. I sent you a note. Apologizing. (knowing it sounds lame) I don‘t know if you got it or not. Tricia stares at her with hatred and walks away. Haley's flustered, returning to her bag and plopping on the floor the athlete's area, nervously taping her ankles, looking something between her feet. HALEY‘S POV: Her GAMEBOY is between her taped feet, her b toes pressing the buttons. We ZOOM into the SCREEN, which MORPHS INTO an image of Haley saluting for her bar routin
78) 3) dialog: When I get nervous, I have a ritual. I just look at the judges. (beat) And I picture them, in those ugly blazers, trying to do what T can do. A MIDDLE-AGED FEMALE JUDGE SALUTES on the floor exercise begins a routine. She’s going for it when her pants rip. stops, horrified, and tiptoes off, covering her rear end. ON BARS, ANOTHER JUDGE slaps on some chalk, covering her blazer in white dust. AN OLDER JUDGE helps her prep the b spraying bars with the water sprayer.
78) 7) dialog: Whatever you do don’t picture them naked. It’s really gross. INT. VAULT ROTATION JUDGES PANEL . An irate VICKERMAN is protesting Mina’s score.
78) 14) dialog: I've never even heard of that! ON HALEY, going up to the vault runway. Furious. GREEN LI She salutes, before pulling her bra strap out so it shows ON VICKERMAN, enjoying her spunk with a big nod of approv ON HALEY, pausing before pulling the other strap out. ON THE JUDGES, looking at her and marking it down. STICK IT - 28 02/11/2005 96.
78) 15) dialog: (re: straps) It’s part of my routine. ON HALEY‘S SCORECARDS, the stenography for the deduction getting marked on EACH of the FOUR CARDS. ON HALEY, who does her vault. Perfectly. Stuck landing. A she raises her arms, she does something unusual. ON YOUNG AUDIENCE MEMBERS, registering shock and then delight. ON HALEY'S HANDS, doing the HEAVY METAL SALUTE as she salutes. WIDER as Haley smiles, Vick meets her as she exi
78) 17) dialog: Good idea. You should consider coaching. THE NEXT COMPETITOR heads up to vault. She thumbs out her bra strap at Haley in solidarity before tucking it back i
79) 0) text: MONTAGE of GRIP BAGS: the innards of each competitors gri ritual broken down to it’s various, peculiar parts. MONTAGE OF ROUTINES: the symphony of chalk and air. EMOTIONAL MONTAGE: the FACES of COMPETITORS reacting to t scores - happy, crying, hurt, ecstatic...and as we land o WEI WEI...shocked. Haley throws her grips.
79) 2) dialog: Vick! Don't let them do this. Stand up.
79) 14) dialog: I'm sorry, Wei Wei. If you don‘t go to Worlds this year, you will next year. STICK IT - 2B 02/11/2005 98.
79) 16) dialog: Did Mina make event finals?
79) 18) dialog: Tricia Skilken?
79) 20) dialog: What about me?
79) 22) dialog: What?
80) 0) text: National Championship Elite Banquet. The All-Around decid the tough stuff is over and the banquet. features OFFICIA COACHES and PARENTS getting drunk. The.girls are bored, a still have to compete tomorrow. Haley is fuming. Vickerman is getting lots of props from fellow coaches and parents, but Haley can’t get past it. Staring down the judges and officials.
80) 2) dialog: It's like today never happened. It's like gross and vomit got married. JI can't take it! ON HALEY finding and tapping Wei Wei on the shoulder. JUM CUTS of CERTAIN GYMNASTS getting shoulder-tapped.
81) 2) dialog: Are all the girls from tomorrow’s event finals here? Block the door and sit on it. Tiny Mina squats on the chair like a Fu Dog.
81) 3) dialog: Is anybody else completely over the scoring today? The girls MOAN slightly.
81) 4) dialog: Is anyone else over people who can't do forward rolls telling us how to do tricks they will NEVER be able to do? STICK IT - 2B 02/11/2005 100. This gets some reaction.
81) 5) dialog: Tomorrow doesn’t matter. Event finals will not affect the World Team selection at all. And I just think we should use it.
81) 7) dialog: I think it’s time to make a point. It’s time for us to control the results.
81) 9) dialog: We choose the winner on each event.
81) 12) dialog: It is broken. It’s totally broken! We could decide who is the best and most innovative on each apparatus. v
81) 14) dialog: Who here saw Wei Wei on bars today? Or Gloria Javier? Hands up.
81) 15) dialog: Can anybody here say they weren‘t the two best? By far?
81) 17) dialog: And Beth Holtan is the best on beam and we've never seen her on * broadcast cause she gets deducted for doing original stuff and never Places top three. She had to water down her routine just to make event finals, right?
81) 19) dialog: Who's best on floor?
81) 22) dialog: Good! Who on vault?
81) 24) dialog: Am I bananas or does anyone else agree with me? Mina and Wei Wei and Gloria raise their hands. The other girls look scared. Joanne takes this as a good sign.
81) 30) dialog: If you're in, follow my lead at March-In tomorrow. .
81) 32) dialog: T don’t know yet.
82) 0) text: MUSIC UP: “Lights, Camera, Action” by Mr, Cheeks. The stage is being set: JUDGES take their places, FANS ta their seats, and MEDIA get into position with their camer ON TIM DAGGETT and ELFIE SCHLAGEL, getting miked and runn through their opening. OFF-STAGE, an OFFICIAL calls out each FINALIST’S NAME as get into a single file line for March-In. Each gymnast stoically takes her place in line, barely hiding nerves. ON HALEY, nervously fidgeting with her sweatsuit zipper.
82) 4) dialog: It doesn’t matter what I think, Joanne. You gotta do what you think is right. As they turn to head towards the Floorex mat, Haley stops She takes off her warm up jacket, throwing it onto the fl IN THE AUDIENCE, quizzical looks. IN THE JUDGE PANELS, this is weird. BETWEEN TIM AND ELFIE, a shrug. ONE BY ONE, EACH FINALIST throws down her jacket until it gets to Joanne. ON JOANNE, pausing, seeing her mother in the stands. Joan throws hers in as well.
84) 0) text: ON JOANNE saluting. She touches the lower bar, salutes ag and walks away, thumbing her bra out in solidarity. THREE MORE SCRATCHES from GLORIA, REBECCA and HALEY. i ON THE MEET DIRECTOR, conferring nervously with a GROUP. REBECCA and HER COACH are talking to them. ON HALEY and WEI WEI, concerned. ANOTHER SCRATCH: from LESLIE. ON WEI WEI, at the chalk bowl. Vickerman is smirking.
85) 4) dialog: There's nothing they can do. He's covering his butt. The Meet Director looks like he might cry, but thinks bet of it. Rebecca bites her lip. INT. BEAM PODIUM - DURING WARM-UP - SWITCH.
85) 6) dialog: 
86) 0) text: As Haley descends the podium, Mina frantically points to. REBECCA who is dropping out, and switching places with TR SKILKEN.
86) 1) dialog: Monkey buggers.
86) 3) dialog: Tricia‘s gonna compete.
87) 0) text: GREEN LIGHT goes on. ON TRICIA, saluting. Smiling beautifully. TIME PLAYS TRICKS through a classic, solid beam routine. There are no mistakes. No bobbles. No excitement. ON BETH and HALEY, conferring on this change of plan.
87) 2) dialog: It's your call. I wanna see your routine. ON TRICIA’S DISMOUNT, there’s APPLAUSE.. She salutes like she’s got it in the bag. . ON THE JUDGES, scribbling. ON TRICIA, blowing by the girls before stopping, turning, smirking at Beth and Haley.
89) 0) text: Mina, Haley and the other floor finalists warming up tumb passes on floor. Having fun. High-fiving all the way. Haley does a head-count. There are only five gymnasts.
89) 3) dialog: It was more like a group effort.
91) 0) text: Haley shakes her head to Mina. HALEY . Don‘t worry, you can totally beat whatever score Tricia gets. Mina stops Haley as she is about to go on. THE OTHER THRE FINALISTS stand behind her.
91) 2) dialog: What do you mean?
91) 4) dialog: But you're going.
91) 7) dialog: Hey. Are you mad at me? Vickerman shakes his head as they turn and look to... TRICIA, arms folded, hating on Haley big time. And VICK STARES TRICIA DOWN before turning to Haley.
91) 9) dialog: Don’t! Vickerman nods, barely containing the emotion.
93) 0) text: Haley rushes off the podium and into the congratulations arms of her fellow athletes. Mina and Wei Wei are giddy.
93) 6) dialog: As I got my totally fake first- place medal, I realized that gymnastics wasn‘t there to judge me or diss me. Only I could do that. It wasn’t even about the judges or the parents or the coaches at all. It was about us. And for us. And that felt totally first-place real to me. As Haley waves, A GROUP of GIRLS wave back at her. One of those girls is Tricia. STICK IT - 2B 02/11/2005 116.
94) 0) text: As the ATHLETES finish giving comments, HALEY‘S PHONE com to life. She answers and looks at it, finding Joanne.
94) 1) dialog: It's for you. ON HALEY‘'S PHONE: A PHOTO of POOT holding a CORSAGE for JOANNE. Joanne grabs the phone, excited.
94) 4) dialog: What?
94) 6) dialog: iI’ve decided not to hate things I haven't tried. (beat) Or I could just tell them to stick it.
94) 8) dialog: My feet were glued!