2) 0) text: SPOKES, TIRES and FEET are flying down pavement, racing a well-worn path with urgency. Rocks fly. Wheels jump curbs and catch air with the exuberant ease of BMX-ERS. The road becomes a construction site: equipment, dirt and materials. THE THREE BOYS bike the uninhabited McMansion development towards a near-completed construction and int EXT. EMPTY’ SWIMMING POOL ..-a giant, empty swimming pool. Tires skidding across th surfaces and marking the newly-poured concrete. Graham Cracker watches at the pool‘’s edge. FRANK and POOT taunt playfuily.
2) 2) dialog: Come on - let‘s dent that shit. In the DISTANCE, SKATEBOARD WHEELS arriving. Poot is piss
2) 5) dialog: There’re six other empty pools. sTUSSY That aren’t as deep!
2) 6) dialog: This spot’s a bust, cause it's totally my boob.
8) 0) text: They are driving as Poot and Frank start chasing them on their bikes. They cruise alongside the moving car. POOoT Yo, Cracker! What happened? Where you going? Haley rolls down her window. Susie shakes her head, but relents...they pause at a stoplight.
8) 2) dialog: Can we visit?
8) 6) dialog: Use it if they don’t take it.
8) 12) dialog: Why you always gotta bite my moment? Did it taste good?
51) 5) dialog: Yo, Graham Cracker! ON POOT AND FRANK in the stands, waving furiously.
59) 0) text: Calmly, Haley descends the podium and grabs her bag. She scans the stands, finding Poot and Frank. Giving a metal salute and pointing to the exit. They see she needs them. VICKERMAN corralling Dorrie, who goes to the team. He fol Haley out of the arena.
60) 19) dialog: Why on earth do the girls wear so much glippety gloppety goop in their hair? Haley and Frank laugh. Haley wipes snot on her sleeve.
60) 24) dialog: Can I get that job? I want to be Tuff Skin. Haley laughs. And starts crying really hard again. i FRANK People are stupid, Haley. People are just stupid. Haley nods, crying more. Poot is comforting, but serious. Poot Those people seemed really fake, Haley. And you’re not fake.
60) 27) dialog: Sparkly farts? I take it all back. I love robots.
60) 29) dialog: No. But if I shoved it up your butt it would.
61) 0) text: Haley and Poot enter. Officer Ferguson is sitting on the couch. Waiting for her.
61) 4) dialog: Don't be lame, Mom.
63) 0) text: Haley opens the door and climbs into the truck, Poot and Frank looking sheepish. Haley smells something and stops.
63) 3) dialog: Not much? Your dad‘s a jerk.
63) 4) text: ‘Nah. He just hurts. Poot Yeah, what’s your Mom's excuse?
63) 7) dialog: Nasty!/Rude, dude! STICK IT - 2B 02/11/2005 80. And the truck takes off out of the suburban development, Haley's hair flying in the wind.
64) 29) text: Poot Ladies. This is Frank and I‘m Poot, and we'll be your hosts for the evening. The GIRLS all perk up and get excitedly-self-conscious by intrusion of Poot and Frank. They're amazed and slack-jaw
66) 0) text: ON DANCE DANCE REVOLUTION Poot and Frank spaz it out. Joa kind of moons nearby, delicately nibbling on a French Fry Poot playfully shoves them in her face. She liked it. Hal trades places with Frank and jumps on the game.
66) 1) dialog: Loser gets a make-over.
67) 0) text: Poot is sitting on a chair. HALEY . Loser gets a make-over. Haley whispers to the MAKE-UP LADY. TIME-LAPSE as the CHAIR SPINS AROUND: Poot has a ton of h clips in his hair, and is covered in glitter eye makeup. Poot checks his look and turns seriously to the MAKE-UP L
67) 1) dialog: Two of everything, please. Poot rises, and gets serious. POoT I’m just kidding. Four of everything.
68) 0) text: Joanne grabs a prom dress and goes to the dressing room. Haley, Mina and Wei Wei also grab dresses. MOMENTS LATER Joanne is modeling her dress. Out of nowher Haley, Mina and Wei Wei start flip flopping through frame tumbling in their big poofy dresses. MINUTES LATER, Poot and Frank, now in dresses, cartwheel badly through frame. Joanne‘s buying her dress, apologizi to the apathetic SALES ASSOCIATE.
68) 3) dialog: Why are you buying a dress?
70) 0) text: Haley sleeps. Poot and Frank on the floor, snoring.
72) 0) text: Some parents sit upstairs. Poot and Frank waving goodbye the girls...from the deck.
73) 0) text: Joanne rushes Haley escorting Poot and Frank to the truck
73) 2) dialog: We do?
73) 8) dialog: What Frank is saying is, it would be my honor.
73) 10) dialog: Yeah, but I don’t have the problem with it that Frank does. (MORE )
73) 11) text: STICK IT - 2B 02/11/2005 ge. POOT (cont'd) aa (to Frank) ‘ J What‘s a corsage?