2) 2) dialog: There he is-- AUDREY FELT - Felt’s kinetic wife, 45, beautiful, ina flamethrower dress, sparkling in a frail crystal kind of Puts a preemptive finger to his lips--
2) 3) dialog: Let's have a good time, darling? Can we do that? (she’s drunk, and--) Kisses him. Deep and sexy. Then hands him a drink. He dra half. Obedient. Thirsty.
2) 4) dialog: Good boy. Now leads him into the living room to ANOTHER COUPLE: ED MILLER, 40, lean and taut; wife, PAT, slim and attractive
2) 5) dialog: I give you the Chief Dragon Slayer and guardian of the American Dream--
2) 10) dialog: Now I need a drink. (and she heads into) KITCHEN - where we find Audrey alone in the harsh All fluorescence. In that dress. Back to living room, waiting Until Felt appears and embraces her from behind. What she wanted. Then cut to--
2) 15) dialog: She wants you to. She told me (shakes, No) she did. But don’t change a hair for me. Not if you care for me... Audrey blows a kiss at Felt. Pat rests her head on his shoulder. As Ed gives Audrey a twirl, and--
3) 0) text: Felt and Audrey clop up the stairs, drunk. At the top Aud topples toward a partially open door. Felt pulls the door shut tight--
3) 1) dialog: Wanna go’n there! --and steers her away, back down the hall.
4) 0) text: Audrey on the edge of the sink. Felt on his knees, with g precision painting her toe-nails, then--
5) 0) text: Felt guides Audrey to bed. She pulls him on top of her, clinging to him as though afraid she’ll plunge. She tries shut off the light. He stops her, “I want to see you.” Sh opens to him, brings him inside. They make love, passiona and forceful and present. Then HEAR (PRE-LAP) ICE CUBES in a glass. Liquid poured o them. And cut to-- EFREM ZIMBALIST JR. frozen in a gunslinger’s crouch. 17 PULL BACK to REVEAL it’s a poster on a wall, the kitsch- perfect G-Man in the “The FBI”. PAN RIGHT to a framed photo: 25-ish Mark Felt as same: ha cocked, stagy G-Man gun crouch. Now-- PAN to our Felt. Twice that age. In a robe, fixing a soli drink. Alone and in deep contemplation. We’re in his offi and we HOLD ON HIM there, then--
11) 0) text: The antiseptic kitchen a happy wreck. Half-eaten dinner; full. O.S., laughter, party murmur. Audrey enters from th pool. Bonfire of warmth and joy, looks her best. We follo her back out to find Felt and the Millers around a table by the pool. Many drinks and cigarettes in.
11) 1) dialog: (joyous) Do you-all remember when Mr. Hoover sent Mark to the Oval Office to roust out the homos--? (her best - and fairly good - John Dean) You’re a politician, aren’t you Felt? (her best - and very good - Felt) No, Mr. Mitchell, I’m a law man.
11) 3) dialog: (her best - and extremely good - Ehrlichman) Two kinds of people in politics, Felt, winners and losers. I knew a loser once and he was a queer. Mark Felt’s no queer. Audrey's a social genius. They’re laughing hard. As Felt quietly blows smoke rings at the ceiling.
11) 4) dialog: Hey, handsome. Where’d you go? Felt and Miller glance at each other.
11) 11) dialog: Don’t do this now.
11) 13) dialog: Just not in front of the whole world, darling-- And she’s up, arms around him. Smiling, like nothing’s wr
11) 14) dialog: I don’t want anything to ruin tonight. (wriggles her finger) C’mere. And takes Felt by the hand - “Ta-da!”- pulls him up and i
12) 1) dialog: Just like Mr. Hoover’s. There we are, my darling hero. Here’s to you. (emotional) Everything we always wanted. (and embraces him; lips to his ear) I know you wanted her here for this. But I’m here. (and with a squeeze--) I’m always here-- 31 32 18. And leaves the men to their business. Felt obviously worr
12) 30) dialog: You and Mr. Hoover. You forget why he liked you so much. He always said you and he had the same enemies-- Those men are ugly. Ugly ugly men. Assassins. [All the assassins. ] You’re good. Mark Felt is too good. Too good, that’s why. (but acid, as) She turns him slow, sensual, and we think maybe with love giving. Then--
12) 31) dialog: Thirty years. Thirteen transfers, thirteen homes to leave, eleven homes to make. I left behind every friend I ever made. Two children. Cocktails at night. And kept my mouth shut. Like the perfect little FBI wife. Until one day you wake up and you're so different than you used to be you can’t remember what the point was in the first place. And you're still never here. As gone as she is. And then what's left--? Now he turns to look at her.
12) 32) dialog: Until there’s just one thing left. In my head. The one idea left in my head is at least Mark’s going to get that job. At least he’1l be Director of the FBI. (MORE )
12) 34) dialog: And that'll make up for everything. (then) They don’t deserve you. They don’t deserve everything I gave them. I gave them you. I gave away our daughter. (and ramping up here--) And they don’t know, do they?
12) 36) dialog: They think Mark Felt is so strong. All the girls think you’re so cool. They don’t know you.
12) 38) dialog: That I’m the fuel-- They don’t deserve us! (--)
12) 41) dialog: What did you miss. You missed everything. How could you be so goddamn naive? (and walks out of the kitchen leaving him alone) CUT TO BLACK.
16) 2) dialog: What about playing some golf on Saturday?
16) 4) dialog: We'll get lessons. It’1ll be something new. (--)
16) 7) dialog: It’s too touchy-feely. I need you too much. (Felt says nothing) Did you eat?
16) 9) dialog: You two always ate as fast as you could. You two were always racing, always playing. Can’t we ever sit around and have a civilized conversation? (long pause) Where were you? The switchboard said they didn’t know where you were.
16) 11) dialog: What about Mrs. Tschudy? She said she didn’t know either. But you taught her to always say that, didn’t you--?
16) 13) dialog: I called all her friends. They haven't spoken to her in a year. She disappeared on everybody. It wasn’t just you. (he says nothing) Are you looking for her? Is the most powerful law enforcement organization in the world looking for her--? 51 52 53 38.
16) 15) dialog: Why, is it against the rules?
16) 17) dialog: Pack everything up. I can’t take the mess anymore. (and now cut to--)
22) 0) text: Audrey, depleted, opens her closet. Revealing a row of wi stands. Heads of hair. Red. Blonde. Falls. Bangs. One hea empty. She peels back the piece on her head, revealing he own hair. Places the wig on the stand, and then we--
23) 0) text: Audrey's eyes pop awake in bed. She reaches for Felt. He' not there. She gets out of bed. 61 62 63 47. TRACK HER as she sleepily moves from bathroom to hallway her robe, until she’s outside Felt’s office. Until she’s outside Felt’s den. We HEAR the murmur of Felt’s voice: FELT’S VOICE (OVER) You're going to have to find that out, aren’t you? (and hangs up, and--) Audrey opens the door, and goes into-- INT. FELT’S BASEMENT OFFICE 61 Felt’s seated at his raised desk, in his robe, smoking. Audrey takes a cigarette from his pack. He lights it for They regard each other warily.
23) 1) dialog: I never questioned anything, Mark. I never asked. In thirty years.
23) 3) dialog: Who can you talk to? Who do you talk to? Beat. He looks at her. Then, just--
31) 15) dialog: Mark? (and now smash to--)
31) 17) text: Audrey slow-steps half-way down the steps to the basement She stops. Then we HEAR why: THIS IS THE SOUND OF FELT SOBBING. It could be that Audrey’s never heard him cry before. Com around on Felt, awash in tears. About this and every othe thing. Audrey heads back up. Without going to him. Hoping he doe notice. He hears, turns to look for her just as she withdraws int the upper reaches of the house. Behind him now, no body. Felt on his knees in the middle of the floor. Alone. And go from that human loss to the mechanical clatter of--
35) 32) dialog: Maybe she’s dead. Maybe she just gave up, didn’t think anyone cared. Or christ-- (and waves at the woods) Maybe she never left. Maybe she’s right out there, watching us. To see what a man like you does when your daughter just vanishes one night for no good reason.
35) 34) dialog: Oh, [here we go again] it was my fault?
35) 36) dialog: Mothers don’t hate their daughters! It’s just not always easy being one!
35) 38) dialog: Mark. Don’t-- You kept telling her to get out. Until one day she listened to you.
35) 39) dialog: I'm begging you listen to me. But she did-- I had no mother-
35) 40) dialog: No. Listen to me! (and she takes his hands) My mother was 47 when she had me. And my father just left. (MORE )
35) 42) dialog: There weren’t many ways for a woman to support herself, to survive-- (and Felt slows; this is new; hearing this for the first time--) --So yes, she did, she gave me up. To foster homes. She didn’t want to lose her daughter completely. But then the orphanage. And then she just stopped coming back-- (and stops herself; this biblical realization) Felt lowering to a chair, lights a cigarette. Listening. Always collecting clues to his wife. As she goes on--
35) 43) dialog: And when I was eleven, I was placed in that home, and I loved it. They told me to call them mom and dad. But they told me to my face that they'd keep me only until I went into puberty. As soon as I had my first period I was out, because they didn’t want to deal with all that. All that womanhood, and boys. So when I got my first period I didn’t want to leave. I hid the rags. And I had to use rags, to wash myself, after everyone went to bed so they wouldn’t know. And then they did find out. And then I was just gone. (--)
35) 48) dialog: (into phone) Hello? ... Oh, hi, Margaret ... No I never made it, I was swamped with house work... (and now--) Felt turns to the pool. Stands there a beat. Strips off h shirt. His pants. Then slips into the water. Until he’s gone beneath a rash bubbles. And we stay with-- FELT’S POV. Looking from the bottom up at a rectangle of Audrey in view, wavy through the interference of water. Felt about to burst. But can’t rise. Hungry for the quiet dark isolation. Desperate for the safety of the coming de Until a beat before drowning we rise with him. And he EXPLODES to the surface, GASPING FOR BREATH. And lifts himself out of the pool. Dripping and shivering Listening to Audrey gossip, we BEGIN TO HEAR in PRE-LAP:
40) 1) text: Through a wall of window glass letting out onto the stree we see Audrey in private class with a YOUNG INSTRUCTOR. H sexy, virile. She is heavily made up. We stay wide, long. They salsa excellently across the frame. Sultry. Close. N
41) 1) dialog: (picking up) Hello?
41) 3) dialog: Are you having an affair, Mark? (--)
44) 0) text: Audrey standing barefoot on the lawn, the Washington Post her hands. She’s scanning the front page.
44) 2) dialog: (reading) “FBI agents have established that the Watergate bugging incident stemmed from a massive campaign of political spying and sabotage conducted on behalf of President Nixon's re-election...”
45) 1) dialog: “,..and directed by officials of the White House and the Committee for the Re-election of the President. Nixon knows that something is being done. It’s a typical deal, Segretti said. It’s don’ t-ask-and-I-won’t-tell.” Felt’s spoon STOPS.
45) 2) dialog: “'There is some very powerful information,’ said one federal official. ‘Especially if it’s known before November 7th.’” (and looks at Felt) Election day--
45) 5) dialog: “The FBI Finds”? This is you-- HOLDING on Felt’s calm mask. As he gets up to face everyt this day will bring, picks up his hat, briefcase, heads o
45) 6) dialog: What are they going to do to us? (then smash to--) INT. FELT’S BUICK (STATIONARY A108 In the driveway. Engine running. Felt’s face all wrong. Gripping the wheel. Listening to--
52) 21) dialog: Do they know?!
55) 0) text: UNDER Lawrence Welk’s Christmas Carol schmaltz: a Norman Rockwellian gingerbread happiness. A dozen stockings a- hanging. Crackling fire in the hearth. A Christmas tree afloat on a sea of unwrapped toys. PAN ACROSS the table: Felt and Audrey, Ed and Pat Miller. Miller’s THREE YOUNG CHILDREN. All before their perfect, shiny Christmas dinner. Felt, the patriarch, carves the perfect turkey. Now Felt is playing with Miller’s littlest girl. On his b giving her a plane ride. The girl screeching with delight AUDREY standing in the kitchen doorway, watching. Drinkin
55) 1) dialog: Mark! (lost in the laughter) Do you do that on purpose?
55) 4) dialog: He’s always playing his games.
55) 6) dialog: He knows-- (and now Ed Miller) You know.
55) 8) dialog: You blame me, all of you! He does! (Felt; not explodes) What do you all want from me! To laugh and sing? !
55) 10) dialog: No! I can’t! It’s just maybe I’ma little more honest about it-- (an awkward quiet, and Pat pulls her into the foyer, the two women) Don’t you dare say anything until you know what it’s like to come home and one of those children is just gone. Because it’1ll happen to you, too--!
58) 0) text: Felt watches the limo’s taillights recede, then to-- INT. JOAN’S ROOM - FELT HOME 134 Felt entering. Audrey close behind. Looking for a place t alone. Enters here. The one room he knows Audrey won’t en Closing the door on her. 135
58) 2) dialog: Mark? (stares at the wood, and now INTERCUT) FELT ON THE OTHER SIDE. Their foreheads connected by wood
58) 3) dialog: I know you did it to save us from those lunatics. Felt squeezes his eyes. She feels him there, reached for where his head would be. Then turns. Back against the doo Guarding him. Then--
66) 0) text: Felt enters. Puts down his briefcase. Hangs up his hat an coat. Crosses to Audrey at the table. A day like any othe Felt sits in front of a tall Manhattan. Pulls at the drin He takes out his list of California commune addresses now spreads it out on the table between them. That one addres circled now: “Genesis Commune, Ben Lomand."
66) 2) dialog: You found her. Alive? Is she in trouble? Felt eyes moisten, grateful. He shakes his head, No.
66) 3) dialog: How long have you known?
66) 5) dialog: A week? Mark?? You can play games with all of them-- (MORE )
66) 7) dialog: (points outside) But-- (she starts to cry) I’m her mother.
66) 9) dialog: For who? Beat. Audrey’s silent.
67) 9) dialog: Mark?
68) 0) text: Felt strolling, contemplative, alone, among the shelters playing kids. Jacket over his shoulder. Shoulder holster visible but empty. While-- Audrey on a bench. Holding Ludi. With her gloves and pill hat. Joan beside her. She’s a little drunk. Joan knows. Joan looks at her a lit sadly, then at Felt--
68) 2) dialog: That was me. (--)
68) 4) dialog: I used to dress you up. Remember how you used to come downstairs and show off your new clothes? (Felt--) He adored you. He thought you could be the first female President-- (--)
68) 6) dialog: He talks to me. You know how he is. I’m the only one he can really talk to. (and then--) 147 148 114.
69) 13) text: You want to know who is going to forgive you. Felt looks through the slats in the barn wall. Catches fragments of Audrey quietly coming close, trying to hear.
72) 8) dialog: You have no idea what you're doing! (she doesn’t appreciate the irony of the moment, but Felt does--)
75) 0) text: A dozen FBI AGENTS mill about the sidewalk. BOB WOODWARD standing around with a couple of REPORTERS. Limo PULLS UP. Out steps Felt. Then Miller. Gray. Audrey Pat Miller already there waiting on the sidewalk. As we h 156 157 124.
75) 2) dialog: Tell them who you are! Tell them what you did! Felt turns straight at the camera, defiant.
75) 3) dialog: Tell! Them! Who! You! Are!
76) 1) text: Felt emerges first with Audrey and Joan, Millers next, th Gray and his wife. Long walk down a dark corridor. To meet 300 FBI AGENTS spilling into the street. There is no noise. This is eerie. Then they begin to CLAP unison, a long string of unending claps. As Felt steps in and through the crowd, across this tableau: