16) 0) text: Felt at a window. Stops to look over the fence into the n yard. At his neighbors, a COUPLE. The WIFE comes out and hands the HUSBAND a drink. “Kids asleep?” The mundane normalcy of their everyday life. A He HOLDS there, transfixed, then-- INT. JOAN’S ROOM - FELT HOME - NIGHT 50
16) 1) text: Felt enters. Clicks on the light. A girl’s room frozen mid-breath, everything like it was - pile of marijuana ash -- picture of the updated Joan, the hippie version: thin, grim -- stacks of militant lefty bo and pamphlets. A creak 0.S. in the hallway.
58) 0) text: Felt watches the limo’s taillights recede, then to-- INT. JOAN’S ROOM - FELT HOME 134 Felt entering. Audrey close behind. Looking for a place t alone. Enters here. The one room he knows Audrey won’t en Closing the door on her. 135
67) 1) dialog: 
67) 4) dialog: Oh my god. (slowly to her feet) It’s my parents.
67) 6) dialog: Just promise me you’1l remember. No matter what: our bodies are beautiful. (and) And don’t fall in love with him. All my friends fall in love with him. Joan defiant. They half-dress. Car stops. Felt and out. He in his FBI suit. She with white gloves and pill b hat. Audrey get 112.
67) 12) dialog: You sent the FBI after me? (Felt, smiling, shakes, No) Then how did you find me? And Felt takes out one of the envelopes he’s been address
68) 0) text: Felt strolling, contemplative, alone, among the shelters playing kids. Jacket over his shoulder. Shoulder holster visible but empty. While-- Audrey on a bench. Holding Ludi. With her gloves and pill hat. Joan beside her. She’s a little drunk. Joan knows. Joan looks at her a lit sadly, then at Felt--
68) 1) dialog: I had this feeling when I was little, that I couldn’t see into his eyes. That he didn’t approve of me. He was always holding me up to some impossible standard.
68) 3) text: When you were sick, and you were little, it was your father who climbed into bed with you. In his shoes. His holster. His suit. He’d sit with you for hours and rock you til you fell asleep again. Joan looks at Felt. As if to ask, what did you do?
68) 5) text: I wanted you to be [like me][a movie star]. They both watch Felt stroll. Joan touches her mother’s kn Connection. And pity.
69) 1) text: Joan gets out of a VW van with DOUGLAS GILLIES: pony tail beard. 27 but looks 18. Joan leads him toward a converted chicken coop, long and low. Stops at the door. Gillies hesitates, then-- INT. JOAN’S BUNK - GENESIS COMMUNE - SAME 148
69) 2) text: Joan and Gillies enter to find Felt sitting in the miniat room, an empty chair across from him.
69) 3) dialog: Daddy, this is my friend. He’s a lawyer.
70) 1) text: Felt in the doorway of Joan’s coop, watching Gillies’ van disappear over the hills. His expression relaxed, unburde
76) 1) text: Felt emerges first with Audrey and Joan, Millers next, th Gray and his wife. Long walk down a dark corridor. To meet 300 FBI AGENTS spilling into the street. There is no noise. This is eerie. Then they begin to CLAP unison, a long string of unending claps. As Felt steps in and through the crowd, across this tableau: