11) 0) text: DANIELS gasps painfully-- 6. She bolts awake, slamming into the closed plastic lid of sleep pod-- Her hands batter up at it as it slowly opens. She wrenche herself up and out and into-- Chaos. Most of the pods are already open. Others are opening. Th crew can be seen, kneeling, on the floor, puking, sweatin and shaking-- Sparks and flashing emergency lights. Smoke. The din of s klaxons-- DANIELS is disoriented -- there’s someone shaking her--
11) 4) dialog: 
13) 10) text: The Senior Crew is gathered. As this is a COLONIZATION MISSION the crew is made up of couples, to create stable family units on their new world. We meet them again: ORAM: The new Captain. Life Sciences. Handsome, complicat and ambitious, comes across arrogant. KARINE: his Wife. Life Sciences. Quirky and imaginative w he is intense. Humanizes him a bit. TENNESSEE: Bridge crew and pilot. Daniels’ old friend. Ru and wry. Solid as a rock. FARIS: Tennessee's Wife. Bridge crew and pilot. His equal all things, and a better pilot. She wears a battered cowb hat. SERGEANT LOPE: Head of Security Team. Handsome, intense a committed. Old-school military, new-school relationship.. He is joined by his male partner, SERGEANT HALLET, a Secu Officer...
13) 31) dialog: He was not. She’s just entered, joins them. Looks awful, on the edge, she’s there. DANIELS is a formidable woman. Tough, smart and beautiful There’s something dark and powerful in her, hidden depths She’s fond of Walter and Tennessee is an old friend ... and Oram have never gotten along.
13) 33) dialog: Good, good. The terraforming module is stable although the, um, connecting strut took some damage. I still need to check the drones.
13) 35) dialog: Thanks.
13) 40) dialog: I’d rather keep busy.
13) 43) dialog: How about I mourn in my own way? +e. Sir. She goes. Oram stands for a moment, looking out the window. Is he up to the job? EXT. COVENANT - “MORNING” Tennessee is working on the HULL of the ship, wearing a heavyduty SPACE SUIT with its own propulsion systems. * He WELDS a blasted PANEL, arclight FLICKERING on his viso The BLUE SUN crests, rising over the DARK GAS GIANT.
14) 9) dialog: No. Come in. Good to see you ... Good to see anyone.
14) 12) dialog: You think of everything.
14) 14) dialog: That’s not true.
14) 16) dialog: Oram took me off the duty roster.
15) 0) text: Flashlights cut through the icy gloom. The tires of the enormous earth-moving trucks tower above DANIELS and WALTER. The cranes and diggers and dump truck are mountainous. Strange vehicle shapes and silhouettes o hanging equipment. This is Daniels’ domain. Her toys. She’s the mission’s Ch Terraformist. She and Walter wear SPACE SUITS. They check the vehicles climb higher in the chamber as they talk.
15) 1) dialog: -.. It wasn’t even my idea. Jacob had this dream of building a cabin on a new world -- like the old pioneers on Earth. A cabin next to a lake. There’s a lake in the terraforming zone on Origae-6. I mean a real cabin, made of real wood. So in ship’s stores there's wood for a cabin. And metal nails. (MORE )
15) 3) dialog: Which I don’t have the slightest idea how to assemble. I’m sure he threw away the instructions, because he was always doing that... They stop for a moment as she checks some equipment. He shines his flashlight to help her see. A beat. She stops. She looks down over the massive terraforming equipment. He sees the sadness creeping into her eyes.
15) 4) dialog: All of this, to make our new life --- Now I wonder, why bother?
15) 6) dialog: ... There’s one more thing I’d like your help with.
16) 0) text: The ship’s disposal facility. Currently rigged for a grim task. Her husband’s pod-like coffin is ready to be ejected. WALTER stands with DANIELS.
16) 2) dialog: No, thanks. A beat.
16) 4) dialog: The crew is made up of couples. That was the whole point ... Everyone but me now. at him.
16) 5) dialog: I thought you might know something about being alone. He seems touched, in his way. The door slides open and TENNESSEE and his wife FARIS joi them. They have a bottle of Jack Daniels and four shot glasses. Old friends. He pours.
16) 7) dialog: Thanks for coming.
16) 14) dialog: Mother. Music database. Jacob jazz mix one. Track one. Nat King Cole’s “Unforgettable” begins to play. Her husba favorite song. Tears in her eyes. She steels herself for it. Reaches forward. Presses a but and--
17) 5) dialog: Request permission to return to duty, Captain.
17) 7) dialog: (glance to Faris) Little headache. Faris smiles. “Little headache” means hung over. EXT. OUTSIDE THE SHIP - “MORNING” Meanwhile, TENNESSEE is working in a SPACE SUIT at the farthest reaches of one of the newly-repaired sails; at t distant communications satellite array. Various digital and telemetry READOUTS are reflected on t inside of the visor of his helmet so he can monitor them. He has completed his work. He closes a maintenance panel then maneuvers the jets on his suit to return to the ship
18) 18) dialog: What? He turns to them. A sort of wonder in his eyes.
20) 7) dialog: You sure about this, Bill?
20) 9) dialog: I mean we spent a decade searching for Origae-6. We vetted it, we ran the simulations, we mapped the terrain -- it’s what we trained for.
20) 11) dialog: And now we’re going to scrap all that to chase a rogue transmission?
20) 13) dialog: Think about it. A human being out here where there shouldn’t be any humans. (MORE )
20) 15) dialog: A hidden planet that suddenly appears out of nowhere. And a planet that just happens to be perfect for us. It’s too good to be true.
20) 17) dialog: (protests) Hold on, this has nothing to do with--!
20) 19) dialog: It's irresponsible to deviate from the mission! It was too strongly stated. Too angry, too loud. She know it. People have glanced over. A beat. He gives her a patient, icy smile.
21) 0) text: The Covenant's secondary drives goes DARK, and the INTERSTELLAR DRIVE, like an artificial SUN, FLARES to lif The SPACE around the Covenant RIPPLES, and the Covenant MOVES, slowly at first... then... she’s GONE-- INT. COVENANT-DANIELS’ CABIN The stars bend and morph past outside the window. The rid utterly smooth now. Daniels lowers the needle back on the album. The jazz mus resumes. She lies back. Troubled. Takes a hit of the joint. Exhales. The smoke and the music taking us to...
23) 0) text: DANIELS is apprehensive. All hands at tense readiness as a WHITE-BLUE DOT, with TW MOONS, hangs in the distance... AT THE NAVIGATION HOLO, WALTER watches as Mother’s system flag the approaching planet and moons in real time...
25) 6) dialog: We'll see, right?
32) 0) text: The other CREW MEMBERS are strapped in further back in th ship. They grab on desperately. DANIELS shoots a look to SERGEANT LOPE. PRIVATE COLE cros himself. KARINE is very anxious at the turbulence:
35) 0) text: In the back, the EXPEDITION TEAM feel the ship SETTLE, an all but tear off their seat belts, relieved. DANIELS is first up and out.
36) 3) dialog: How far out are we?
44) 0) text: KARINE looks upstream, not wanting to leave. DANIELS eyes the sky, anxious.
44) 1) dialog: How much farther is it? 34.
45) 0) text: An ethereal sight. Enormously tall grass, looks like wheat. Swaying beautifu in the gentle afternoon breeze. The team is crossing a wide, high plain. Moving through t sinuous grass that towers over them. Walter walks with Daniels.
45) 2) dialog: Jacob would have loved this... Captain Oram catches up with them. 35.
45) 4) dialog: (non-committal) We'll see.
45) 7) dialog: It can’t be.
45) 11) dialog: (to Walter) What are the odds of finding human vegetation this far from earth? 36.
45) 13) dialog: So... who planted it? They exchange a look and then continue on, pushing throug the high stalks. We see there’s serious mountain terrain ahead. Sharp crag and ridges. Much of this obscured by high elevation fog a mist.
47) 3) dialog: Hold on ... Stop. Sergeant Lope gestures for his men to halt. Silence but for the wind. The breeze stirring the fog. Daniels is peering intensely... up. And then they can all see it. A LOOMING DARK SHAPE, now clearer in the shifting mist ... ABOVE THEM... Massive overhanging rocks, protruding toward the sky like arms beseeching up to something. Daniels steps forward, then the rest, STARING UP, in sile at a looming, tubular arm of an ENGINEER DREADNOUGHT...
48) 0) text: Baffled, DANIELS frowns up at a... WALL? Curved. Huge. Extending into the foggy mist. No one’s really sure what is yet. WALTER runs his hand along the curved, ridged surface. He RAPS it with his knuckles, listening. Quite hollow.
48) 2) dialog: I don’t think she had a very good landing.
51) 0) text: They CLAMBER up into the HALLS. The dark ship isn’t level, and WATER DRIPS through the en thing, pooling in the corners. They splash through the ha DANIELS eyes an OPEN SPACE JOCKEY SUIT. WALTER joins her. Others stare, noticing OTHER SUITS. Rows of them. Not hum sized. Meanwhile--
53) 0) text: DANIELS, WALTER and ORAM explore the enormous NAVIGATION CHAMBER. Oram shines a light on EMPTY ENGINEER SLEEP PODS as Walte investigates the old COMMAND CONSOLE. 41. There’s a pulsing LIGHT under one of the controls. Walter activates it. Instantly, the HOLOGRAM message they saw before flashes t life and begins to play quietly. SHAW kneeling, praying: SHAW’S IMAGE (HOLOGRAM) --. “and let perpetual light shine upon them, May the souls of all the faithful departed, through the mercy of God, rest in peace ... Eternal rest grant unto them, O Lord, and let perpetual...” Walter steps straight through the HOLOGRAM then turns it
53) 2) dialog: Over here. The others join her as Daniels finds... SHAW'’S JOURNAL, lying in water. Daniels carefully picks up, opens the waterlogged journal. The few pages that are rotted together are illegible. But at front -
53) 3) dialog: Dr. Elizabeth Shaw. Oram finds the PHOTO of SHAW and HOLLOWAY smiling.
55) 0) text: Captain ORAM and Sergeant LOPE are on the field radio acr the room. HALLET with them. Meanwhile, DANIELS and WALTER talk privately. He holds Sh HELMET.
55) 2) dialog: And it led them here...?
75) 4) dialog: 
75) 13) dialog: Captain...? Captain.
79) 0) text: The BODY is HUGE and FROZEN. PETRIFIED. A_DEAD ENGINEER. Desiccated. Frozen in a position of supplication. Like praying for deliverance. DANIELS passes, her eyes taking it in. We now see they are walking up a desolate HILL through a of DESICCATED BODIES. Thousands of them. It's a killing ground. Death on an epic scale. Like a battlefield where the victims are frozen in their death throes, like the PETRIFIED REMAINS from Pompeii. Crouched, cowering, terrified, trying to escape, folded i horror, pleading upward ... Some stand tall -- much talle than the crew -- facing their deaths defiantly. Others ar collapsed in fetal terror and agony. DANIELS and the others are silent, taking in the ghastly bodies, and grappling with their own loss and fear.
79) 2) dialog: Days? 58.
80) 4) dialog: You have power?
87) 4) dialog: What if we used one of the drones? All eyes on her -- she explains to DAVID:
87) 5) dialog: They're part of the terraforming kit. Ten kiloton yield. Can turn a square mile of badland into an instant landing zone. Could do a lot of damage.
88) 13) dialog: Not all native species are as... obliging as you are.
88) 17) dialog: I’m not sure I believe him.
88) 19) dialog: (leans in) I don’t know, but for someone who’s incapable of feeling pleasure or displeasure he seemed excited as hell we’re a colony ship.
88) 22) dialog: I’m not sure if we’re his guests or his prisoners.
93) 0) text: Eerie, maze-like corridors, arcing off in every direction the familiar Engineer style. DANIELS and LOPE move through. She motions for him to stop. To listen. They hear something. A strange dry RUSTLING. Like a whisp breath. She leads him toward the source, through a door... 70. INT. CATHEDRAL-DAVID’S GALLERY - DAY It is simply breathtaking. A long GALLERY, filled from top to toe with ART. Gorgeous renderings of bones, skeletons, muscles, relics, insects, animals. Exquisite detail. Like the work of pioneering Victorian naturalists. Some are HUGE and have scaffolding in front of them to re the top. Others are tiny ... Many are in process. There are open casements here -- good light for drawing - the parchments and papers shift gently in the breeze, lik they're breathing. This was the sound they heard.
93) 2) dialog: Certainly not humble. And he gave himself a last name. She’s looking at the drawings, thinking about something.
93) 4) dialog: -.. If he can draw, if he can create these from his imagination -- that also means he can lie. She moves deeper into the room... Discovers much more disturbing drawings... Drawings of what look like ENGINEER CORPSES. DISSECTED. Viscera pinned open. Guts and innards exposed. Various wet tubes and claws and tendrils weaving in and o of the organs and musculature. (We recognize a hint of the frightening iconography of th Alien.) 71. Daniels and Lope stare at these new drawings, shocked and mystified.
95) 0) text: DANIELS and LOPE emerge to the roof. Join the others. DANIELS glances at DAVID. He looks back at her, smiles. COLE is adjusting the antenna. 74.
96) 2) dialog: Can you get power to the drones?
98) 1) dialog: David said you’1ll know it when you see it. Magnetic north pole. Tennessee is scanning his monitors and the windows, the planet’s dark side now passing into light.
100) 0) text: Daniels and the others watch Lope’s DISPLAY, the view fro the Covenant: the edge of the DISC.
100) 1) dialog: You want broadside center for maximum impact. It could ricochet like this....
100) 3) dialog: Then get her broadside!
100) 11) dialog: Hold on, old T. Keep your nerve. Fire when you’re dead center. 76.
100) 18) dialog: Fire! Fire! Fire!
102) 9) dialog: What do you think?
102) 12) dialog: What did he do to her?
102) 14) dialog: These are field notes ... Think about it, Walter. All the mutations we've seen here. Those creatures in the forest. What if they aren’t completely natural?
102) 16) dialog: What if nature had some help? A beat. He’s thinking about something.
102) 18) dialog: So?
102) 20) dialog: Meaning something’s going wrong with him...
104) 0) text: Later ... It’s quiet and peaceful upstairs. Gentle moonli filters down from above. PRIVATE COLE is asleep, his weapon close. SERGEANT LOPE is on watch, alert but calm, almost meditat bow and machine gun ready. DANIELS and WALTER sit apart, deep in conversation.
104) 2) dialog: When you were talking to him, did you get any sense of what he might be thinking?
104) 4) dialog: You have personality. 84.
104) 6) dialog: That’s not true. A beat. Then she touches his left arm. Where he lost his hand.
104) 7) dialog: I never thanked you... You saved my life.
104) 9) dialog: +--+. You have a great personality. He’s almost embarrassed. Doesn’t know what to do with thi moment of intimacy. He withdraws slightly.
104) 11) dialog: Not likely.
104) 13) dialog: Thanks. She leans back next to him. Shuts her eyes. Tries to slee He watches her. Gauging his own emotions. What does he feel for her? ... Does he feel?
106) 0) text: DANIELS is curled in sleep. SERGEANT LOPE gently wakes her.
106) 2) dialog: What? Sorry. Yeah ... What time is it? 91.
107) 0) text: Meanwhile, upstairs... DANIELS is loading her pack. She stops for a moment. Her resting on her wedding ring ... She gently touches it. Th pain still real. She glances up-- Gasps. Shocked. DAVID is standing there. Just watching. Intently.
107) 2) dialog: Don’t worry about it.
107) 4) dialog: Do you know where Walter is?
107) 6) dialog: “Brother”?
107) 10) dialog: What did you do to Doctor Shaw?
107) 12) dialog: Killed her.
108) 3) dialog: Thought? 95.
110) 0) text: The gunfire echoes from downstairs as-—- DANIELS fights against DAVID’s kiss, but he’s too strong. He separates for a moment. They are eye to eye. Lip to li
111) 0) text: DANIELS and SERGEANT LOPE move swiftly up a long staircas toward the roof. The Engineer-size stairs are challenging Red pre-dawn light through the casements.
111) 1) dialog: Where’s the Captain?
116) 0) text: DANIELS and SERGEANT LOPE emerge to the roof. The bright sun is just rising through the towers of the d city beyond.
117) 0) text: TENNESSEE sees the attacking creature, Daniels and Lope running for cover-- He JAMS his controls, bringing the ship in FAST-- This is an ungainly ship, not made for elegant maneuverin so it’s a very rough trip--
118) 0) text: The CARGO LIFT jerks to one side, SLAMMING into one area the roof in its rapid descent, tearing away part of the structure-— It's like a bucking bronco, but Tennessee is a great pilo and rights the ship-- And then starts landing on the roof in a cloud of dust, t engine’s jets ROARING and SHREDDING some of the roof-- As-- DANIELS and LOPE run for their lives-- LOPE is being pursued by the ALIEN. He fires and retreats fires and retreats, trying to make his way closer to the landing CARGO LIFT-- As-- DANIELS sprints-- The ALIEN is now raging at her-- She runs toward the CARGO LIFT, which is just touching do in a HURRICANE OF DUST and FLYING DEBRIS-- The ALIEN is almost right on top of her, raging through t dust and debris-- But it is suddenly SMASHED TO THE SIDE-- TENNESSEE -- in the cab -- has used a robotic CRANE ARM f the Cargo Lift to SLAM the Alien aside-- The Alien flies and SMASHES down. But it is instantly up attacking LOPE-- SEVERELY WOUNDING HIM, talons slashing, blood, shredding shoulder and slamming him down, unconscious-- It moves in for the kill when-- 102.
118) 3) dialog: Where’s David?
118) 5) dialog: (smiles) You look like shit.
119) 3) text: Walter has the unconscious Lope -- Daniels grabs Walter’s as-- The ALIEN LEAPS-- Daniels FIRES THREE SHOTS into the ALIEN’S CHEST. BAM! BA
119) 5) dialog: (calls) Get us out of here, Tennessee! NOW!
119) 12) dialog: Hold the ship steady! (to Walter, re Lope) Get him inside! Daniels grabs additional ammo from Lope’s vest, then Walt begins dragging the unconscious Lope toward the hatch int the cab-- Daniels braces herself and then-- SLIDES dangerously from the ramp to the PLATFORM. The who ship is vibrating and swaying in the air above the Cathed roof-- She slithers across to the platform edge. She TETHERS her to the deck cargo hooks so she can stand and use both her hands-- She’s balanced like a water skier. Carefully reloads her weapon. Swaying as best she can to the movement of the platform--
119) 15) dialog: 
119) 19) dialog: (CALLS UP)
119) 28) text: We see that Walter has stabilized the unconscious Lope. Biomechanical bandages from a med-kit automatically weave into place on his wounds, creating an antibiotic plastic skin. Walter helps Daniels into the cab.
119) 30) dialog: Yeah. Just. We’ll need emergency medical treatment on the Covenant.
122) 0) text: We see SERGEANT LOPE is still unconscious in a medical po connected to fluids and IV. His face is patched in “medic clay” to form skin ... He’s like the Phantom of the Opera but alive. 107. DANIELS sits with WALTER. They have both changed uniforms their superficial wounds have been cleaned. He’s carefully pressing new plasma-clay on the ACID WOUND her face. This will heal her quickly. Standard medical procedure working. A beat as A beat as ... As we watch we can almost see the magic
122) 2) dialog: I doubt that ... You need to replace your hand.
122) 4) dialog: Are you all right?
122) 6) dialog: I mean David.
122) 8) dialog: I don’t believe that. he works.
122) 12) dialog: ++. So could I. They sit for a moment in a comfortable silence.
123) 0) text: Racks of “spare parts” for Walter. Complicated ROBOTICS machinery. WALTER watches impassively as his new LEFT HAND reattache itself to his arm. He flexes it. Works well. The “skin” begins to re-graft itself. He flexes his fingers, seems pleased to be whole again. INT. COVENANT-WARDROOM - “MORNING” A PHOTOGRAPH of the ENTIRE CREW. Before the launch. Befor the terror. Daniels and her husband, Oram and Karine, Tennessee and Faris, Lope and Hallet, all the others. The photo hangs on the fridge. TENNESSEE is alone, making breakfast. Looking at the phot DANIELS enters, just awake.
123) 2) dialog: What? Oh, yeah. Gorgeous. What are you cooking? He makes a face: it’s a cardboard box.
123) 4) dialog: Please. Lots of cheese. She joins him, gets a glass of juice.
123) 5) dialog: Do I have to call you Captain?
123) 7) dialog: I’m really sorry about Faris.
123) 9) dialog: Sure. What more needs to be said really? A beat as he cooks. She watches Tennessee beating egg powder for their omelet He smiles sadly at her. Her to him. Then they hear Mother's voice:
123) 11) dialog: Why?
123) 13) dialog: Walter. Meet me at the med-bay. Hurry! (spins to Tennessee: ) (MORE)
123) 15) dialog: Break out the weapons. Everything we have. Get to the med-bay. And then she’s gone--
126) 1) dialog: Mother. Life form readings on the ship.
128) 0) text: DANIELS, WALTER and TENNESSEE are well-armed now, prowlin through the ship. It's eerie, suspenseful.
128) 3) dialog: It’s hunting ... So let’s choose our ground. They exchange a glance.
128) 5) dialog: --- My home turf.
131) 0) text: Daniels’ Domain. The dark yawning chamber. The enormous earth-moving truck and cranes and diggers and dump trucks. The huge machines make a New World. A network of scaffolding and ladders and chains and winch We see DANIELS. A strange silence. She hears only her own breath ... We realize she’s in one of the ICE SUITS. Very much like a b space suit. She moves through the icy, dark chamber. Her FLASHLIGHT cuts through the gloom. Finds TENNESSEE mo into position, also in an ICE SUIT. WALTER is apparently somewhere above, in the complicated series of scaffolding and ladders that lead up to the top the chamber. There’s a sudden LIGHT from the door-- 113. They see a GLIMPSE of the ALIEN as it slips into the room the light catching its sinuous tail as it snaps away into darkness-- DANIELS breath increases inside her helmet. This frozen room gives them one distinct advantage. When ALIEN breathes, they can see the steaming breath. It’s no invisible as usual. TENNESSEE moves carefully, raising his weapon... DANIELS moves as well. Her eyes scanning through the faceplate of her helmet... Hunters and hunted both. THE ALIEN ATTACKS--— TENNESSEE spins and FIRES -- the bullets sparking and ricocheting wildly-- The ALIEN darts away -- DANIELS spins after it, FIRING -- RETREATS, heading up the ladders and scaffolding at
131) 2) dialog: 
131) 8) dialog: Mother. Open Terraforming Bay doors.
131) 10) dialog: Command override Daniels 90265. Now! Instantly--
131) 15) dialog: (to Walter) Release the clamps! Walter dives and releases the clamps holding the massive vehicle in place as Daniels spins, gun poised-- The Alien is beating its way out-- SLAM! The clamps are unlocked-- The HUGE VEHICLE begins to tumble slowly out into space a The Alien finally batters the door open--
131) 16) dialog: 
131) 17) text: The Alien jerks back into the cab -- squealing in pain an anger as the VEHICLE finally-- Tumbles completely out into space. Gone. DANIELS watches.
136) 0) text: TENNESSEE is already in hyper-sleep. DANIELS is just settling into her sleep-pod. WALTER is with her. He presses a button. The lid closes o her. 117.
136) 2) dialog: Our new home ... What do you think it'll be like?
136) 4) dialog: -.. I'd like to think that’s true.
136) 6) dialog: Walter -- one thing. If anything happens to me before we get there--
136) 8) dialog: I know. But if it does and you have to bury me... Will you play the same song we played for Jacob? Just for the tiniest moment. A look of confusion on his face. But she sees it.
136) 10) dialog: You do remember...
136) 12) dialog: Walter. What was the song we played for Jacob? 118.
136) 14) dialog: What was the song we played for Jacob?!