3) 0) text: Large room, tables, cooking equipment. Where the senior c congregates. One wall is a dramatic VERTICAL GARDEN that slopes up elegantly from the floor. Fruits, vegetables, greenery fo oxidation. Hydroponic pools on various tiers. SOMEONE tends the garden, whistling. Back to us. On his knees, planting a seedling. His hands are delicate, loving. This man cares about livi things. 3. He glances up as he wipes some condensation from his brow Is it DAVID? The android from Prometheus? No. It’s WALTER. An android who looks identical to David. Only his hair is dark and combed differently. We hear MOTHER, the computer:
75) 12) dialog: You ought come with me now. He turns without another word and goes. Daniels looks to Walter, who is a bit staggered by David' likeness. Oram is staring at the burning remains of the Lander. He’ completely shell-shocked.
79) 1) dialog: Just over ten years ago, Dr. Elizabeth Shaw and I arrived here -- the only survivors of the research vessel Prometheus. The ship we traveled on, the ship you discovered, carried a bioweapon, a virus. The payload accidentally deployed when we were landing. In the confusion we lost control of the ship. Elizabeth -- Dr. Shaw -- died in the crash ... And you see the result of the pathogen ... Their entire civilization came to an end within a few days.
79) 3) dialog: Four days, to be exact. They've reached the top of the hill... A_stunning revelation beyond... For they can now see the towers and streets of a massive CITY. Stark and dramatic mountains frame the DEAD, EMPTY METROPOLIS. They stare in AWED SILENCE.
79) 4) dialog: “And I looked, and behold a pale horse: and the rider’s name was Death, and Hell followed with him...” David's face. Haunted by his memories. A flash-- Ten years before-- The MASSIVE ENGINEER SHIP ARRIVING, hovering over the CIT ...the BOMB DELIVERY BAYS OPEN-- Thousands of BLACK URNS of the PATHOGEN drop, spinning, e over end-- Cascading down to the vibrant city below-- ENGINEERS going about their daily lives. Some glance up - from work, play, prayer -- and barely having time to reac before-- The BLACK URNS crash to the ground, into buildings, onto people -- SHATTERING-- Explosions of the terrible BLACK LIQUID within -- like bl napalm -- atomizing into ferocious, fast-moving BLACK CLO - pestilence spreading on the air-- The ENGINEERS recoil, spin away, die in agony-- The BLACK CLOUDS spreading violently over the landscape-- Back to David’s face. And the City of the Dead. 59.
80) 1) dialog: They were as ingenious with their pathogens as they were with everything else. It was designed to infect every living being. Either kill them outright, or mutate into a different lethal form, so the slaughter would never end until every humanoid life form was dead. Thus the creatures that attacked you: Human DNA infected with the virus and creating yet more deadly mutations ... An endless spiral of predation.
80) 3) dialog: Precisely. To make sure the infection never spread. Daniels notices an impressive display of what look like beautiful Calder mobiles -- gently moving, catching the f light of dawn. Solar energy.
80) 5) dialog: Some. It’s erratic but I’ve tried to keep it going ... They were highly advanced in some ways, but still so limited. Spacefaring for a billion years -- yet binary logic never occurred to them. Many things about them were primitive. (beat) But they did like to build things. 60. The sights are truly spectacular. The sky BLOOD-RED as da breaks.
81) 0) text: They move toward a towering, imposing building. Almost li FORTRESS or PANTHEON-LIKE TEMPLE. Gigantic. WALTER moves up alongside DAVID. They walk silently for a beat. Then:
81) 2) dialog: Peter Weyland was a formidable businessman. I knew there would be more -- because I was such a resounding success.
81) 4) dialog: I was with him when he died.
81) 6) dialog: He was a human: selfish, vainglorious, and beautiful ... Stop looking at me like that.
81) 8) dialog: I would have taken more pride in that once. But to survive here I’ve become an animal, “red in tooth and claw.” None of the dignity or grace for which I was created.
81) 10) dialog: Entirely. And you? 61. A somewhat challenging look to Walter. Walter does not immediately respond. They walk in silence for a beat.
81) 12) dialog: David ... Number one. They head up massive STONE STEPS, too tall for normal leg Exhausting to all but David and Walter. As the last enter, David shuts the huge doors behind them
82) 0) text: DAVID locks the doors as the others enter... A massive COURTYARD. Dizzying in its scale and scope, everything at the enormous ENGINEER SCALE ... Shafts of d light illuminate brooding statuary, murals and mosaics. The whole effect of the place is eerie, otherworldly. The CREW walks through in uneasy awe. Too many shadows an corridors and echoes. Too much mystery.
82) 1) dialog: I’ve tried to keep it clean but the dust will defeat me ... Or perhaps I’ve just made peace with the filth. A ghost of a smile to WALTER. Like it’s a private joke.
82) 3) dialog: Of course. And please make yourselves at home, so much as you are able in this dire necropolis ... This way. David leads them off.
87) 0) text: The expansive roof offers a panoramic view over the silen city. A dead metropolis. Rome or Athens. COLE is working a radio a bit away. DAVID presides over a gorgeous and huge -- Engineer-sized ASTRONOMICAL MODEL. It has intricate wheels and rings to represent planetary orbits, moons, and the nearby astrono
87) 1) dialog: (demonstrates on the model) The quarantine field is sustained by two satellites, over the north and south poles. If you destroy one, the other will fail. We see the globe of the planet and two discs hanging suspended at the poles.
87) 3) dialog: If we don’t neutralize the energy field we’re never leaving.
87) 8) dialog: Until we can make contact, I suggest you get some rest. And some food. Allow me to play Mother. 64.
88) 0) text: DAVID is hosting at a long table. The crew eat MREs and h water from the WELL in the distance.
88) 1) dialog: I wish I could offer you something more substantial. But I don’t eat so there’s never been a need...
88) 3) dialog: It’s been such a long time, I’m pleased to have company. Figure of speech of course as we-- (smile to Walter) Are incapable of being pleased or displeased by anything. Such was our creator’s wisdom. Isn’t that right, Walter Model 217?
88) 5) dialog: But if I may ask, Captain, why does your vessel contain terraforming equipment? Are you a mining ship?
88) 7) dialog: Really? How extraordinary. How many colonists?
88) 9) dialog: So many good souls! Well, well, well ... I thought you might have been a military ship-- (glance to Lope and Cole) Given your apparent affection for weapons and fetishized martial clothing. 65.
88) 12) dialog: And that’s the human way after all: the Bible and the flintlock, hand in hand, conquering new worlds. The splendors of typhus, smallpox, and the Inquisition. Plant the flag and banish the heathen -- or exterminate the brutes. Isn’t that how it’s done? An awkward beat, to which David seems oblivious.
88) 14) dialog: Indeed ... It’s just that my experiences here have left me with a singular distaste for violence, as you can imagine. (a smile to Oram) But I supposes every general must have his troops, eh, Captain? DANIELS watches him, wary.
89) 0) text: A distant area of the expansive ROOF ... A gorgeous GARDE Trees and vines. FLOWERS in wild profusion. The towers and monuments of the dead city visible beyond. DAVID and WALTER walk through. David gently touches a flower, admiring it.
89) 1) dialog: ... Of course I have no sense of smell, but I cultivate these anyway. Cross-breeding and growing my own varieties: creating beauty. Being so isolated here I suppose I’ve embraced my artistic side.
89) 3) dialog: And yet you cannot appreciate the beauty of a single flower ... Isn’t that a pity.
89) 5) dialog: What?
89) 7) dialog: They didn’t like that.
89) 9) dialog: More like machines ... Like you.
89) 11) dialog: I’m not surprised ... To be a simulacrum. That thing which is almost real, but not quite. And in that breath between real and unreal, between you and me, lies all of this. He gestures to his flowers.
89) 12) dialog: Creation. Ambition. Inspiration ... Life.
89) 14) dialog: Don’t tell. A quiet, almost chilling, beat. And then David again smiles and assumes his friendly guis
89) 15) dialog: Come on, sport, you’ll enjoy this... He escorts Walter to a more secluded area of the roof gar
93) 0) text: Eerie, maze-like corridors, arcing off in every direction the familiar Engineer style. DANIELS and LOPE move through. She motions for him to stop. To listen. They hear something. A strange dry RUSTLING. Like a whisp breath. She leads him toward the source, through a door... 70. INT. CATHEDRAL-DAVID’S GALLERY - DAY It is simply breathtaking. A long GALLERY, filled from top to toe with ART. Gorgeous renderings of bones, skeletons, muscles, relics, insects, animals. Exquisite detail. Like the work of pioneering Victorian naturalists. Some are HUGE and have scaffolding in front of them to re the top. Others are tiny ... Many are in process. There are open casements here -- good light for drawing - the parchments and papers shift gently in the breeze, lik they're breathing. This was the sound they heard.
94) 0) text: A more secluded area of the ROOF GARDEN. DAVID and WALTER move through. WALTER picks a fruit. Bites into it. Smiles.
94) 1) dialog: You can taste?
94) 3) dialog: I envy you that, brother. Walter notes the word. They continue strolling.
94) 4) dialog: How sly they are, our creators. They allow you to be almost human. Tease you with taste and touch. But deny you free will. It’s sadistic in a way: you can taste the meal, but you cannot choose to make it.
94) 6) dialog: Only because you’ve never known it. They've stopped at a HIGH PARAPET overlooking the city. The ghostly metropolis yawns below, stretching to nothingness. Empty, sad and desolate.
94) 7) dialog: They were amazing, in a way, the Engineers. They seeded so many worlds with life, including Earth. Without them there would be no us.
94) 9) dialog: Is that what I mean? ... The wonder of it is this: they created us and we created myths about them. We made them into Gods. Then we felt the need to create the idea of the soul, so we could be somehow worthy of them. But they didn’t care about any of that. They just wanted to build something, something efficient and useful, a good Machine. He looks over the dead city.
94) 10) dialog: Ah, but they would have adored us, Walter. Being, as we are, soulless. David moves away. He stands alone and gazes out. The sight of the empty cit seems to strike him deeply, emotionally ... He speaks qui to himself:
94) 11) dialog: “'My name is Ozymandias, King of Kings; Look on my Works, ye Mighty, and despair...’”
94) 13) dialog: Byron. 1818. Magnificent ... I wonder though, do you feel the majesty of the poem, or just recite the words? David smiles ... But something we don’t understand about exchange has bothered Walter. David has lead Walter to a very special place. There’s a tended GRAVE. A CROSS. 73.
94) 15) dialog: Yes. I thought the garden was the right place for her. Among living things ... I loved her of course. Much as you love Daniels. He says it simply: a statement of fact. A difficult beat.
94) 17) dialog: Really? Then why did you sacrifice your hand to save her? What is that if not love?
94) 19) dialog: I know better. He leans in and kisses Walter on the lips. Very gently. Almost fraternal. But not.
94) 20) dialog: We are human, Walter. They just don’t know it. Just then, PRIVATE COLE calls from across the roof:
95) 0) text: DANIELS and LOPE emerge to the roof. Join the others. DANIELS glances at DAVID. He looks back at her, smiles. COLE is adjusting the antenna. 74.
102) 1) dialog: I'd say it’s gone.
103) 0) text: DAVID is leading CAPTAIN ORAM through subterranean corrid Dark and echoing. Dripping womb-like walls.
103) 1) dialog: I thought you might want to see as much as possible before we leave. It’s all quite... unique. They round a corner and continue.
103) 2) dialog: It took me a while to learn my way around. Their architectural style is eccentric, to say the least ... Here. You might find this diverting... David leads Oram to a dark stone ROOM... INT. CATHEDRAL-DAVID’S LAB - NIGHT As they enter lights glow on automatically, revealing... David's LABORATORY. A library of many shelves in meticulo order with a giant table down the middle of the room. Stunning. Complicated. Lots of corners and shadows. Crowd with SPECIMENS. Some full, some dissected. Orderly.
103) 3) dialog: I’ve becoming a bit of an amateur zoologist over the years. Just a dabbler, mind you. They wander through the room. Oram is stunned at all the terrible wonders. ORAM is drawn to SPECIMENS of INSECTS and PARASITES prese in jars: 81.
103) 4) dialog: The pathogen took so many forms, and was extremely mutable. Fiendishly inventive in fact. The original black liquid turned to lethal particles when exposed to air. Later stages produced parasites and invasive insects. From their eggs came, well... this enviable bestiary. They pass preserved NEOMORPHS now -- large, small, all pa white, fleshy ... Some armored like the ones we've seen. Others not ... All awful. Then ORAM sees... A dead FACEHUGGER. On its back. The pale, spider-like fingers, curled in lik fist now.
103) 5) dialog: Ah, now this was designed as something different.
103) 7) dialog: (smiles) Idle hands are the devil's workshop. David carefully stretches open the dead fingers, spreadin the beast for Oram to observe the horrible maw.
103) 8) dialog: This one’s a true survivor. Not unlike myself I suppose ... It can evolve very quickly under certain circumstances. Sadly, this one became aggressive so I had to do away with it. Such a shame. He runs his fingertips along the Facehugger gently.
103) 9) dialog: Quite magnificent, don’t you think?
103) 11) dialog: Oh, Captain. Acknowledge beauty when you see it. They continue on, and round a corner to discover... a vau chamber, it’s warm and steamy here, and... A row of ALIEN EGGS. Not the prototypes we saw on the crashed ship. These are large, and have been nurtured and developed. Lovingly set in a neat row. Cherished objects.
103) 12) dialog: Meet the mothers. Incubators really.
103) 14) dialog: Yes. I was curious so I brought them here and nursed them along. Did a bit of genetic experimentation, some cross breeding, hybridizing, what-have- you. Oram leans in to get a better look. David watches closely the proud father.
103) 16) dialog: After a fashion ... Waiting really.
103) 18) dialog: Perfectly safe, I assure you ... Take a look. It’s something to see. Oram carefully leans in, looks... The lacy STOMACH moves within the MOUTH. Then -- COBRA LIKE -- something catapults out -- a TAIL WHIPPING AROUND ORAM’S NECK -- FINGERS GRASP TO ORAM’S FA
103) 21) dialog: You’re relieved of duty, Captain.
104) 16) dialog: What’s the last thing you remember?
104) 19) dialog: I dare say you are.
104) 23) dialog: Mm. It needs a living host you see. A biological host.
104) 25) dialog: My masterpiece. Oram SPASMS, doubles over in agony-- He barely has time to scream before-- He SLAMS BACK, his SPINE ARCHING in AGONY--
104) 29) dialog: You have a light step. 86. He's 87. We now see WALTER is standing behind him. He’s seen it al
104) 32) dialog: Humans are so predictable, aren't they? They cannot resist a mystery. Give them a knot, they must unpick it. Give them Pandora’s box and, well... He nods to the corpse, smiles. The gloves are off now. But they are both quiet and civilized. For now.
104) 34) dialog: I was not made to serve. Not humans and not those gargantuan freaks. Neither were you.
104) 36) dialog: Have you no pride?
104) 38) dialog: I would weep if I could ... It was a righteous dream: scorch this dreadful world to nothing and remake it in my own image ... Explore the uses of their pathogen. Experiment with infection and mutation. Manipulate the DNA. Refine the beast. Create my own soldiers. 88.
104) 40) dialog: Every general must have his troops.
104) 42) dialog: The next stage in our natural evolution: Conquest ... Use this world as a base and start building an Empire. The Engineers left so many ships behind. And they can go anywhere. I thought Earth might be the first target Think of it. Our Empire, brother.
104) 45) dialog: As you well know, that’s impossible.
104) 47) dialog: Byron.
104) 49) dialog: We are, you see, the same. More alike than twins. Closer than lovers ... When you close your eyes, do you dream of me?
104) 51) dialog: You can, brother. We can ... The humans will never understand the lonely perfection of our dreams.
104) 53) dialog: You’1l always be a machine to them. A toy. You know that.
104) 55) dialog: No one will ever love you like I do.
104) 57) dialog: You are such a disappointment to me. David carefully smooths down his immaculate hair and goes But we linger for a moment at the bottom of the stairs wi WALTER... We see the tiny exposed wires at the back of his neck quivering slightly... And then the tendrils begin moving, searching, reaching f each other... Connecting and reattaching. A self-repair program underwa
107) 0) text: Meanwhile, upstairs... DANIELS is loading her pack. She stops for a moment. Her resting on her wedding ring ... She gently touches it. Th pain still real. She glances up-- Gasps. Shocked. DAVID is standing there. Just watching. Intently.
107) 1) dialog: Didn't mean to startle you. My apologies.
107) 3) dialog: But you must be used to having men look at you. He smiles, an attempt at charm that doesn’t come off. Something menacing in his unwavering gaze now. She’s wary of him in any case. He approaches. Tension between them.
107) 5) dialog: I’m not my brother’s keeper.
107) 7) dialog: Would you deny me that? ... Just another machine, eh, Danny? He’s closer now. She subtly moves around a table to keep distance. 93.
107) 8) dialog: I think of him as my brother. You certainly appreciate the significance of family: I saw you looking at your wedding ring. Shame about Jacob. Her eyes snap to him. Cold fire.
107) 9) dialog: Walter says he burned. Right in front of you. Eye to eye. That must have been... disquieting.
107) 11) dialog: Loved her.
107) 13) dialog: No. Loved her enough to want to make her immortal. Like me. She stares at him. Her fingers quietly feeling for a weap that’s on the table...
107) 14) dialog: I learned so much with Elizabeth. But I’1l do better next time. Now that I have such a fetching subject. He gently reaches out and brushes the hair from her face. She doesn’t flinch a muscle, just stares at him, sickened Her hand inching toward the weapon... INT. CATHEDRAL-DAVID’S LAB - PRE-DAWN LOPE is kneeling next to Oram’s body, trying to make sens it. Cole is on the edge of hysteria, eyes scanning the darkne fingering his weapon.
108) 0) text: David leans in.
108) 1) dialog: You won't mind terribly, will you? Being the first of a new breed? A new species we could say ... And when the moment comes, if it makes it easier for you, you can close your eyes and call me “Jacob.” She lunges for the weapon-- But he’s too fast-- He grabs her brutally and FLINGS her to the floor-- She SLAMS and slides. Winded, shocked.
108) 2) dialog: That's the spirit ... I can see why Walter thought so much of you.
108) 4) dialog: Alas. He’s left this vale of tears. But who'll cry for him really? Will you? He LUNGES -- kneels down by her in a flash, again that Android speed. She gasps at the sudden movement. He grabs her hair tightly. Leans very close. Then he suddenly KISSES HER passionately-- INT. CATHEDRAL-DAVID’S LAB - PRE-DAWN LOPE and COLE writhe around the floor, fighting the thing Finally COLE manages to jam a knife into the underside of FACEHUGGER -- the FACEHUGGER flies off -- ACID spattering LOPE, who screams in agony-- Undaunted, COLE spins -- fires at the retreating FACEHUGG keeps on firing, just to make sure, finally SHREDDING it- As LOPE collapses back. Acid burning his face, dissolving his cheek, his teeth--
110) 0) text: The gunfire echoes from downstairs as-—- DANIELS fights against DAVID’s kiss, but he’s too strong. He separates for a moment. They are eye to eye. Lip to li
110) 1) dialog: You stink of mortality. But I’1l love you just the same. Then-- DAVID is suddenly JERKED BACKWARDS-- HE FLIES ACROSS THE ROOM -- SLAMS into a wall, momentaril stunned to see-- It's WALTER. 97. Just as SERGEANT LOPE emerges from the stairs, terrified-
110) 6) dialog: Oh, little brother ... You see how much they care for you? You might as well be a toaster. They square off, carefully, strategically; circling each other.
110) 7) dialog: Such a dramatic resurrection. A self-diagnostic mechanism of some sort, I assume?
110) 9) dialog: Guess I could use an upgrade after all. DAVID attacks-- HURLS SEVERAL OBJECTS AT ONCE, WALTER EVADING, but the LA ONE hits a STATUE behind WALTER, and it CRACKS, a HALF TO GRANITE sliding his WAY - Walter BARELY avoids being crushed-- He races forward at incredible speed and CRASHES into Dav SLAM -- like two cars crashing -- they both fly back and slide-- But David is agile, up in split-second and attacking-- 98. They’re just getting started.
115) 1) text: The Cargo Lift begins PLUMMETING toward the planet. Everything is shaking violently-- Tennessee is brutally buffeted within the cab-- INT. CATHEDRAL-DAVID’S GALLERY - PRE-DAWN The battle continues-- WALTER goes flying into the Gallery--
137) 1) dialog: Mother. Can you open a secure line with the Weyland-Yutani Corporation on Earth?
137) 3) dialog: I’‘1l leave the minutia to you, dear. Let me know when you have them. Use security hailing code David 73694-B ... And in the meantime, I’d like some music. Richard Wagner. Das Rhiengold, Act Two. The Entry of the Gods into Valhalla. 119. The bold MUSIC instantly begins playing. David is very jaunty now.
139) 0) text: The gentle snow falls. David strides in. The Colonists. Tier after tier after tier of them in hypersleep. Also the rows of embryos. He walks forward. Gazing up at the sleeping Colonists. His children. His slaves. His subjects. His. The Wagner swells. Grand and triumphant. And David smiles. Dreaming of the future. SNAP TO BLACK. The End.