14) 2) dialog: He's in shock. I think we all are. IRENE . You haven't met. Amanda Dumfries. Amanda's new in town...she teaches third grade, and damn well, I might add...all the kids love her... David gives Amanda a nod, as:
14) 6) dialog: Sorry we couldn't meet under better circumstances. Ollie comes by, crouches.
15) 0) text: David draws near the aisle where the women are looking af Billy. Amanda appears from the aisle, gasps at the sight David -- he's disheveled, bloody. He quickly puts a finge his lips in a "don't make a scene" gesture. She leans in.
15) 1) dialog: (quiet, intense) My God, are you all right?
15) 3) dialog: What the hell happened?
17) 12) dialog: I guess you'd be the expert on that. Dan enters frame, Joe following through with the ladder.
17) 14) dialog: That bad? David just give her a subtle nod -- yeah, that bad.
17) 28) dialog: Blood?
17) 30) dialog: You shut up that bad talk. Mrs. Carmody touches a hand to her mouth, finds a little there. It makes her smile...and she holds it up for all t see. Amanda backs away, realizing just how crazy she is.
17) 31) dialog: Sorry, folks. This lady's perspective on things is a little too Old Testament for my Lutheran tastes.
17) 41) dialog: Which God, hers? He likes knives, apparently...
17) 48) dialog: Hold on a minute. All eyes turn to her. She looks very self-conscious as sh opens her purse, digs around, and pulls out a small Smith Wesson J-frame revolver. i
17) 49) dialog: This gun...my husband's idea. : (embarrassed) i He insisted. He's away on business | a lot. It's not even loaded. :
17) 52) dialog: I shot it only once, on a target range. Dan takes the gun, manages to fumble the cylinder open.
17) 100) dialog: (near tears) Oh, God, close the door! Myron slams the door, face white, scared sober. Nobody sp in the long, shocked silence that follows, except:
19) 0) text: --.and we find David's group sitting in an aisle: Billy, Amanda, Irene, Hattie. They're having a desultory meal of grilled chicken. Hattie's got Billy, clinging to him. Dav can't help noticing she's tense, verging on hysterical. H tries a tactic to get Billy out of earshot for a moment:
19) 4) dialog: I'll go with you, Billy. Would that be okay?
19) 22) dialog: Oh, God... As they watch, more of the bugs come flitting out of the thump-thump-thumping to the glass, clinging there...a swa of them, varying in size from one to two feet, milling . aimlessly, crawling over one other, dumb as houseflies. Mrs. Carmody comes strolling with a chicken leg in hand, licking grease from her fingers, eyes gleaming.
19) 24) dialog: (realizing) The light. I think they're attracted to the light.
19) 33) text: Above him, more bugs are entering, climbing ovt across th barricade bags, taking to the air, swarming. People are r and screaming, trying to kill them with mop handles. . Amanda's in the thick of it, swinging a garden rake. She impales a bug in mid-air, slams it to the ground, whacks to pieces. She ducks as another bug whizzes past her head like a huge hornet, heading towara Sally...
19) 34) dialog: 
19) 38) dialog: 
19) 44) dialog: Goddamn child-proofing sons of bitches! She gets a flame, thrusts it. David's mop erupts in flame WHOOSH, instant torch. 7 He rushes forward, jabbing the flaming weapon at the mons feeding on Smalley. The creature shrieks and flaps, fight back, clawing the air in fury, gobbets of bloody flesh ca in its teeth. fluid from a can. The fluid sprays the monster, soaking i kes to the
20) 16) dialog: carefully pulls away from Billy so as not to wake him, cr to Hattie, whispers: 13.
20) 17) dialog: Hattie? I need to go to the bathroom. Will you watch Billy? {no response) Hattie? She touches Hattie's shoulder -- and freezes. Something's very wrong. Filling with dread, Amanda reaches for a tea candle, brings the light closer...
20) 30) dialog: It's Hattie.
20) 34) dialog: (shaken, near tears) I don't know how long she was there like that. Lying there next to us. I thought she was sleeping. David looks to the men, growing more determined than ever We
20) 36) dialog: You're talking about leaving?
20) 40) dialog: You can't mean it. Not after what happened to Norton and his group.
21) 11) dialog: (quiet, intense) If something happens...anything at all...you cut and run. Get your ass back in here. For your boy’s sake. He slips something into her hand, whispers in her ear:
21) 22) dialog: Shut up, you miserable old buzzard.
21) 26) dialog: Bullshit. Stoning people who piss you off is perfectly okay. Says so in the Bible. Amanda picks up another can of peas, hefts it.
21) 27) dialog: And I got lots of peas. Carmody looks around, sees people turning away, realizes spell she was weaving is broken. Softly:
23) 11) dialog: You needed it. (pause) It. was bad...wasn't it?.
23) 17) dialog: No dream. It's like some kind of crazy church service over there. She's getting people whipped up.
23) 20) dialog: They're giving her credit for knowing Buddy would die out there. And Sally before that. Even Norton's group, when they went out. She's got tem thinking she's psychic, like she's got some kinda direct line to God.
23) 55) dialog: _T think you were right before. And even if you're wrong, you know what? I'd rather die out there trying than in here waiting. {beat ) I would do anything...take any chance...just to see the sun again,
23) 62) dialog: What did he mean by that?
24) 21) dialog: David--what do I-- Mackey and Jim come rushing forward, knives gleaming, as:
25) 4) dialog: David, no. But he does it anyway, throws his door open, lunges half of the car, fingers clawing the hood, straining to grab t gun. We hear SCUTTLING LEGS coming, horrific MEWLING SOUN He gets the gun, pulls his arm back in just as: A SPIDER-THING leaps and lands on the hood, denting it, m David by inches, cracking the windshield. A second spider thing dashes in from the side, SLAMMING hard against the just as David slams it shut, rocking the Scout on its whe The creature on the hood pauses, staring through the wind at them with its semi-human, grinning face...then scuttle the windshield, across the roof, and leaps off into the M in search of easier prey. The second one also scuttles of David lets out a long breath, steadies himself, starts th engine. He hits the washers. The wipers work Ollie's bloo away. David puts it in gear, pulls slowly out...