6) 1) dialog: Wow! He goes charging off. David exits the house with the dama painting in his hands, checking it in daylight. Debris is everywhere -- branches, lawn furniture, other trees downe
6) 14) dialog: Mom! Dad! Ya gotta come see!
6) 16) dialog: But ya gotta come lookit! The boathouse is all bashed! There's a dock on the rocks--and, and--there's trees in the cove! Holy crap!
6) 18) dialog: Sorry, Ma--but you gotta--wow! He's gone again, charging from view.
6) 26) dialog: Wow, it really got smooshed!
6) 28) dialog: Wooaaah... David and Steff look up, and now they see it too: The far end of the lake is gone. In its place is a wall o mist, unnaturally straight and creeping this way. It has deeply strange quality to it -- instead of refracting sun as normal mist would, this glows dead-white.
6) 29) dialog: What is it, Daddy?
8) 11) dialog: Ready, Daddy! DAVID ; Great, champ! Mr. Norton's coming too.
8) 12) dialog: (suddenly shy) Hi, Mr. Norton.
8) 26) dialog: Like Dorothy!
8) 29) dialog: Daddy, look! Army men! David glances up as MILITARY TRUCKS AND VEHICLES race by the opposite direction, just like the CMP trucks did.
8) 38) dialog: I told her the air's full of atoms. That's what our teacher says. Everything's full of atoms. 14.
10) 2) dialog: Daddy! Somebody's leaving!
11) 3) dialog: Can I go with Mr. Norton, Daddy? 15. Norton's a bit thrown by this. David hesitates, hands the list to Billy.
11) 5) dialog: Ask Mommy if she wants a Spiderman comic book! I bet she does!
13) 0) text: David finds Norton and Billy in an aisle, items already i the shopping cart, Norton puzzling over Steff's list.
13) 5) dialog: Are you and Mr. Norton gonna be friends now, Daddy?
13) 7) dialog: But I guess you're not mad at each other any more.
13) 12) dialog: are in line with their shopping cart.
13) 13) dialog: Daddy, look. More Army men. David glances over, sees THREE ARMY PRIVATES entering the store: PVTS. WAYNE JESSUP, JOHN BISBY, TIM DONALDSON. The in standard (not combat) uniform, bummed to see the long
13) 18) dialog: Hello, Mrs. Reppler.
13) 21) dialog: And the boathouse got all smooshed! Mr. Norton's tree fell on it! 19. David glances to Norton, sees his attention on the plate windows at the front of the store. David follows his look
13) 32) dialog: Daddy, is there a fire? Is Mommy all right?
13) 39) dialog: Daddy, what's happening? Paisley Hat grabs a disposable camera off a revolving rac and hurries back out the door...
13) 50) dialog: Daddy, what's that bloody man? Why is that bloody man? People are bewildered, confused. A few go outside. Sudden a voice cries out, urgent with fear:
13) 55) dialog: Daddy, I'm scared. Can we go home please? The daylight outside starts to dim. Johnny Mathis is just Singing the words "I get Missstyyy..." when the broadcast suddenly dissolves into static. People are pressing to th glass, faces stunned. And David gets close enough to see: The Mist. It glides across the parking lot with lazy spee an expanding wall of white. A few people are running from as it blots out the blue sky, turning the sun into a fain silver disc. Another person goes running out the door...
13) 70) dialog: Mommy...
13) 99) dialog: I...1I...w-want m-my m-mommy...
14) 0) text: David's on the floor with Billy's head in his lap. The bo sucking his thumb, eyes glazed with exhaustion and shock, half dozing. David's sick with concern, stroking the boy' hair. Across from them sit Irene, Sally the cashier, Aman Dumfries, and HATTIE TURMAN, an elegantly dressed woman.
14) 13) dialog: Daddy, don't go...
14) 16) dialog: ‘Kay. - Back goes the thumb. David rises. WE TRACK HIM along th of the store, passing aisle after aisle, catching glimpse the people clustered at the checkout stands b.g.
15) 0) text: David draws near the aisle where the women are looking af Billy. Amanda appears from the aisle, gasps at the sight David -- he's disheveled, bloody. He quickly puts a finge his lips in a "don't make a scene" gesture. She leans in.
17) 0) text: CAMERA HERE IS HANDHELD, DRIFTING AND PROBING, always res always on the move: WE PULL BACK from DAN MILLER, a middle-aged man on a ladd taping the cracks in the glass with packing tape while Jo AND BUDDY EAGLETON (brothers) hold the ladder. Db. ANGLE DRIFTS BACK through a lot of activity -- bag after being laid down, more arriving from the back of the store while other items are also gathered and laid out: Mop handles. Cans of charcoal fluid. Knives. All imprompt defensive items. ANGLE FINDS Billy -- the boy's in plain of his father, being watched by Sally. Nearby, Norton is his "group," about ten people who have gravitated to his
17) 59) dialog: (nods solemnly) How come nobody. comes and rescues us? Why don't those Army men call their friends to come get us? David glances over, sees Bisby, Jessup, and Donaldson apa from everybody else, having some kind of quiet but heated debate -- in fact, they seem on the verge of an argument. David finds it odd, but doesn't give it that much thought
17) 61) dialog: You think Mommy's okay?
17) 63) dialog: (eyes brimming tears) I want her awful bad. I'm sorry about the times I was bad to her. David hugs him, pulls him close.
19) 0) text: --.and we find David's group sitting in an aisle: Billy, Amanda, Irene, Hattie. They're having a desultory meal of grilled chicken. Hattie's got Billy, clinging to him. Dav can't help noticing she's tense, verging on hysterical. H tries a tactic to get Billy out of earshot for a moment:
19) 2) dialog: I'm not hungry. 65.
19) 5) dialog: "kay. David gives Amanda a grateful look. She rises, takes Bill hand, heads toward the back. David looks to Hattie.
21) 1) dialog: I don’t want you to.
21) 3) dialog: I don't want it. I want you to stay here.
21) 5) dialog: When the fog goes away...
21) 7) dialog: Daddy...Daddy, there are things out there. Things.
21) 9) dialog: (draws close, whispering) They'll wait. They'll wait in the fog where you can't see ‘em. And when you go out and can't get back in, they'll come eat you up. (fierce, panicky hug) Daddy, don't go.
23) 0) text: -;:and then the survivors are back inside, reeling in the aftermath of lunacy and nightmare, everybody in the marke just staring as Billy comes running, hurls himself sobbin into his father's arms, and Jim just screams and screams screams, his mind totally gone...
23) 8) dialog: Daddy? You okay?
25) 0) text: :--and we're plunged into it, things happening fast, HAND in the Mist: Ollie's running in front, pistol poised, the others sprea out behind him, footsteps clattering and echoing hollowly across pavement, David holding Billy tight to his chest.. Ollie gets to the car first, throws open the front and re doors on the driver's side, turns, yelling for them to co and suddenly a HUGE SHAPE materializes in the Mist behina Ollie as David screams a warning --
26) 8) dialog: Daddy? And then four even-spaced GUNSHOTS are heard, muffled and a distance. Then silence. IN THE ScouT We find David sitting alone in the blood-spattered vehicl the others slumped out of sight. He's holding himself coi tight, then lets out a howl of soul-rending anguish and despair, dissolving into shuddering sobs of grief as he r back and forth like a man in an asylum. He puts the gun in his mouth, pulling the trigger again a again, praying for a bullet to magically appear, but-no. He gets hold of himsel£. Tosses the gun aside. Takes a fe deep breaths, steeling himself like a man getting ready t jump into a pool of ice water, fumbles for the door handl Gets out...