12) 0) text: ..-and enters to find the store more crowded than he's ev seen it -- people clogging the aisles, long lines snaking the checkout counters. The cashiers are harried, totaling purchases by hand -- the registers are down. BUD BROWN (store manager) and OLLIE WEEKS (assistant mana are clipping receipts to the customers’ checks or cash, t them in a box. Both men are also bagging, helping out NOR THE BAG BOY, a skinny 18 year-old with stringy blond hair SALLY, a pretty teenage cashier, glances up and sees Davi entering.
13) 27) dialog: Mind what you're doing, Sally. She flushes, keeps working. David starts catching some te conversation between the M.P. and the three young soldier 20.
13) 41) dialog: Fred, you can't just take th-- ...but the guy's gone. TEENAGER #1 . Dude, we gotta check this out... The kid dashes outside, followed by his friend.
13) 46) dialog: Hey, hey, ya ain't paid for those! 22. Saily suddenly finds herself without customers. She drift the windows herself, peering out, and:
13) 76) dialog: Everybody just stay put, okay? Just stay inside the store! .
13) 81) dialog: He's right! Let's keep cool! Let's try and figure out what just happened...
15) 53) dialog: Hey, hey! What is this?! Bud is elbowing his way through the gathering crowd. Nort pulls free, shirt pulled out of his pants, flushed with r
15) 61) dialog: I don't know what you people think you're doing, but I can tell you it's going to be reported to the Federal Foods Company! All of it: (to pitie) You're drinking, for God's sakes! You want to Iose your job? I'll be taking down’ names... (glances to David) +;-Starting with you! And make no mistake -- there May be charges!
15) 67) dialog: Took him? What do you mean? Where — is he?
15) 70) dialog: Of course it's a lie. It's lunacy. (hollers) :
15) 76) dialog: {hesitates)
15) 88) dialog: Lead the way, Mr. Drayton. Let’s get this foolishness over with. David turns, glances to Jim and Myron. They don't want to but they nod in agreement anyway. They all enter: 50.
15) 90) dialog: {a whisper) What the hell? David grabs the mop handle, pokes the tentacle...once, tw It moves, making Bud jump, the fragment clenching and unclenching convulsively, its barbed mouth gaping open as sScreaming...then it curls up and goes still again. Now t it's finally dead, it decays before their eyes at a start xate. Bud makes a choking sound of shock and disgust...
15) 92) dialog: People. It appears we may have a Problem of some magnitude here.
17) 0) text: CAMERA HERE IS HANDHELD, DRIFTING AND PROBING, always res always on the move: WE PULL BACK from DAN MILLER, a middle-aged man on a ladd taping the cracks in the glass with packing tape while Jo AND BUDDY EAGLETON (brothers) hold the ladder. Db. ANGLE DRIFTS BACK through a lot of activity -- bag after being laid down, more arriving from the back of the store while other items are also gathered and laid out: Mop handles. Cans of charcoal fluid. Knives. All imprompt defensive items. ANGLE FINDS Billy -- the boy's in plain of his father, being watched by Sally. Nearby, Norton is his "group," about ten people who have gravitated to his
17) 43) dialog: Please. This isn't Dodge city. or Los Angeles. An old man, AMBROSE CORNELL, pipes up:
17) 55) dialog: You? You'll be too damn drunk to see before dark.