5) 0) text: They're silhouetted at a big picture window, storm roilin SLO-MO outside, clouds rippling, LIGHTNING arcing across sky. There's a huge old TREE out there, whipping in-the w David turns, murmurs something to Steff -- we can’t hear words, just the HOWLING OF THE WIND.
6) 2) dialog: stops before the charred tree trunk, scowling at the part that went through the house. Steff exits onto the porch.
6) 4) dialog: Do a list. I'll head into town before the store gets bought out.
6) 6) dialog: This? No way. I'll have to do it again from scratch. I'll have to call the studio, see if they'll extend my deadline.
6) 8) dialog: You kidding? They can whip up some bad Photoshop poster in an afternoon. Two big heads. They do it all the- time. (gazes at the painting) I should'a brought it downstairs last night. Stupid.
6) 10) dialog: (looks to the window) I'll hit the hardware store too. Get some plastic sheeting, duct tape. I'll seal that up before dark, order some new glass in.
6) 12) dialog: Yeah. I used to play in it. She comes down the steps, takes him in her arms.
6) 13) dialog: Just stuff, hon. We're all right, that's what counts. We were standing at that window. If we hadn't gone downstairs when we did... The rest is left unsaid. She shudders. Suddenly, Billy co skidding around the corner of the house, amped up:
6) 19) dialog: Having spoken, the doomsayer departs. Steff can't help laughing in spite of everything.
6) 21) dialog: You have low standards? (smiles, takes her hand) Let's go see the damage.
6) 25) dialog: Yeah. The dead one I've been asking him to take down for three years before it blew over. That tree. They come down toward the water, where Billy's peering wi bright-eyed excitement at the boathouse:
6) 27) dialog: (mutters to Steff) Nobody appreciates good destruction like a five year-old. Billy glances up, seeing something across the lake.
6) 30) dialog: Fog bank.
6) 32) dialog: We've had fog on the lake before.
6) 34) dialog: Probably a leftover from the storm. Two fronts meeting, something like that.
6) 36) dialog: Honey, I'm not the weatherman.
6) 38) dialog: I'm gonna go have a chat with our neighbor about his tree. (off her look) Don't worry, I'm not gonna punch bim in the nose or anything.
6) 40) dialog: Honey, one property dispute with this guy was enough to last me a lifetime. I'm just gonna ask for -his insurance info, that's all. She heads for the house, taking Billy. CAMERA FOLLOWS Dav as he makes his way to the edge of the yard, steps over a fence, and proceeds onto his neighbor's property. He starts hearing a low sound ahead as he walks -- whut-w whut! Somebody trying to start a chainsaw.
6) 44) dialog: Won't start?
6) 46) dialog: I guess you've seen the boathouse.
6) 48) dialog: Nothing. I just think we should swap insurance info. That's all.
6) 50) dialog: (slowly realizing) Oh. Oh shit. That's not the Benz, is it? The 1960?
6) 52) dialog: Oh, man, Brent, I'm sorry. Sincerely.
6) 54) dialog: No, I mean it. That car was cherry. I hate seeing it like that. Norton absorbs this, nods.
6) 56) dialog: No problem. David walks away. Norton's watching him go. Norton hesita hating to ask, but:
7) 0) text: Steff£'s at the sink with the water running, separating b and unbroken dishes. She glances out the window, surprise see Norton trailing David into the yard.
8) 4) dialog: Brent needs a new chainsaw. He's gonna ride into town with us.
8) 17) dialog: Hon? Why don’t you come with us?
8) 25) dialog: One for the books. For a moment there last night, I thought we were gonna take off and head for 02.
8) 27) dialog: (smiles) Yeah, champ, like Dorothy.
8) 31) dialog: I'm sure you've heard all the crazy stories.
8) 33) dialog: Edna, right. Miss Tabloid. "I Had Bigfoot's Baby." "Satan's Face Appears in Oilwell Fire.* All that good hard news. (beat) You know Mrs. Carmody? Owns that weird antique shop in town? .
8) 35) dialog: That's the one. Bumped into her at the gas station one day and she starts in on Arrowhead. She informs us they're fooling around with "atomic things." That's what she said: "Those Army boys are shooting atoms into the air, make no mistake."
8) 37) dialog: Not me, my son. My five year-old. (in rearview mirror) What'd you say, Billy?
8) 40) dialog: Mrs. Carmody looks at Billy and says: "These are different atoms, son. Secret atoms." Then she goes on a rant about God's punishment coming down on us. You don't mess with God's atoms, apparently. Suddenly, another stream of ARMY VEHICLES goes whizzing b
8) 41) dialog: They're in a big hurry.
9) 0) text: A supermarket from the '60s, modest by today's standards. Also: a laundromat, ice cream shop, pharmacy. The parking lot's jammed. David's Scout appears, turning in...
10) 0) text: -.-.and a BEARDED BIKER ON A HARLEY pops into frame and c them off, startling everybody as David slams the brakes.
11) 0) text: They pull in, a lucky spot close to the to get a call through on his cell phone the Scout, gives Norton a look. market. David's trying as they get out of
11) 2) dialog: Why don't you get started? I'11 use the payphone, give Steff a call.
11) 4) dialog: Make sure you hold his hand when you cross. Billy takes Norton's hand and looks both ways, crossing t traffic aisle to the market. Norton looks a bit flustered but goes with it. Billy turns, calls back to David:
11) 6) dialog: You think? - Billy nods. David smiles, watches them enter the store. He goes to the payphone in front of the pharmacy, lifts t receiver...and gets a "circuit busy" signal: wah-wah-wah- He clicks the cradle a few times, puts the receiver back a sigh, heads toward:
12) 2) dialog: Sally...you guys look jammed up.
12) 4) dialog: Thought you had a generator. 16.
12) 6) dialog: (smiles, moving on) Hey, Steff and I want a date night Thursday. You free to babysit Billy?
12) 8) dialog: Crappy day, huh?
12) 12) dialog: (grins) Keep your head down, pal.
13) 0) text: David finds Norton and Billy in an aisle, items already i the shopping cart, Norton puzzling over Steff's list.
13) 2) dialog: I know, takes some getting used to. (takes the list) Why don't you get your stuff? We'll : meet you at the checkout.
13) 6) dialog: I dunno, champ. "Friends" might be stretching it. We'll see. He grabs some items off the shelf, tosses them to Billy, relays them into the cart.
13) 8) dialog: I guess not. That's a start. They proceed down the aisle...
13) 12) dialog: are in line with their shopping cart.
13) 20) dialog: Big insurance day. We had a tree come through the picture window.
13) 25) dialog: wonders what's going on, glances to Private Jessup in lin Irene keeps nattering, fanning herself with a Magazine:
13) 31) dialog: Kansas Road?
13) 33) dialog: I'm sure she is. Don't worry, okay? Several more people have broken out of line, going to the windows. A TEENAGER stops at the. glass:
13) 61) dialog: No, no, wait. Let's just wait. A GUY IN A COORS CAP nudges past the people at the door.
13) 71) dialog: She's okay... An OLD MAN is backing away from the windows.
13) 90) dialog: Ma'am...I got my own boy to worry about. 27. The blonde woman just stares at them all, then:
13) 93) dialog: carries Billy down an aisle, away from the others, trying calm him. The boy is clutching him, sobbing against his n
13) 94) dialog: It's okay...it's okay now...hey champ, easy...just breathe... The boy's sobbing so hard he's having trouble catching hi breath. David paces, rocking him, his heart breaking:
13) 95) dialog: -+-¢'mon, Big Bill...you can't keep crying like this, you're gonna hurt yourself...just try and breathe... Billy's sobs start to taper, hitching as he tries to calm down. Irene and Sally come by, trailed by Amanda Dumfries
13) 97) dialog: No, it's okay, he's gonna be fine...aren't you, Billy?
13) 100) dialog: I know you do, champ. C'mon now, try to breathe...
14) 0) text: David's on the floor with Billy's head in his lap. The bo sucking his thumb, eyes glazed with exhaustion and shock, half dozing. David's sick with concern, stroking the boy' hair. Across from them sit Irene, Sally the cashier, Aman Dumfries, and HATTIE TURMAN, an elegantly dressed woman.
14) 1) dialog: I haven't seen him suck his thumb since he was two years old.
14) 8) dialog: He feels hot.
14) 10) dialog: Thanks. I'11 get something to cover him up. Got any blankets?
14) 12) dialog: Sally, you mind taking him? Sally reaches over, takes Billy onto her lap. The thumb c out of the boy's mouth, his voice faint:
14) 14) dialog: I'll be gone two seconds, Big Bill, get you a blanket. Sally's here. So's Mrs. Reppler and Mrs. Turman.
14) 26) dialog: Oh, shit. He turns to exit the cage, whacks his head painfully on t door frame as he does.
14) 27) dialog: Shit! He eases through, trying to find his way in the dark. He over a pallet, gets to his feet, fighting panic now. He pauses to get his bearings and let his eyes adjust, kn he's being irrational, towel still over his mouth. He sees a source of faint light: lines running along the and bottom of the huge corrugated-steel loading door, the kind that rolls up on its track when you press the button Opposite that, more light spills ve: swinging doors from the market. He toward those, trying not to trip... ry faintly through the edges slowly and carefully SL. A_sly, slithery sound makes him stop dead in tracks. He stands frozen, eyes wide, listening. Only silence now. Did he imagine it? He decides his ears were playing trick him, cautiously takes another step... There's the sound again: something sliiiding veerrrryy slooowwly in the darkness behind him. Then silence. David turns, heart hammering in his chest, gaze sweeping darkness toward the huge roll-up door. The sound comes ag louder now, from the other sid And the corrugated steel of the loading door presses inwa metal groaning as if some enormous weight were being appl from outside by some huge moving object. David backs away, breaks and runs, fleeing through the da and hurtling headlong through the swinging doors into --
14) 30) dialog: Did you hear it? Any of you?
14) 32) dialog: No, I turned the generator off. The exhaust was backing up. . nobody else heard that sound?
14) 34) dialog: I don't know...a big slithery noise...back there in the dark.. eat the loading door... The men are trading looks, Jim and Myron especially. They a pair of blue-collar guys who work in a garage, and have air of veteran know-it-all townies. 32.
14) 36) dialog: No, only after, but...look, I heard it, okay?
14) 38) dialog: That's what it sounds like.
14) 45) dialog: No, you can't do that...
14) 54) dialog: 
14) 55) text: Like whatever made that noise I heard. Are you guys being willfully dense? now, gives David a half bitter/half amused grin.
14) 57) dialog: I didn't say that... JIM. ---nor do I like being talked down to and called stupid just ‘cause some guy with a college degree has got the jitters. way I figure, you got lost in here in the dark, got a little confused and a little scared.
14) 62) dialog: Wait, this is crazy! You're gonna jet this kid risk his life over a generator that doesn't even Matter?
14) 68) dialog: (quiet, tense) This is crazy, these assholes think I'm impugning their manhood? what the fuck is going on here?
14) 72) dialog: Norm, don't. It's a mistake. Norm turns, eyes shining with excitement and...yes, fear. looks like he might actually be having second thoughts, b then the generator ROARS to life and the decision is made tosses David a look of utter macho 18 year-old contempt.
14) 86) text: Norm takes his eyes off David, turns to look -- as we RAC the loading door b.g. to reveal: More tentacles rise up just outside, slipping and floppin and slithering hungr. ly toward us. RACK BACK TO Norm as looks back to David, almost imbecilic now with fear:
14) 88) dialog: 
14) 92) dialog: 
14) 102) dialog: A tentacle darts and sn falling back with Ollie tentacles seethe and fla. white, still holding on. aps at David's face. He also lets go, in an assholes-and-elbows tangle as il. Norm is watching them, face drained David scrambles and grabs a mop handle, prepares to push loading door button with it. He looks to Jim, who's watch with a drugged expression on his face.
14) 103) dialog: Start the generator! No reaction -- Jim just stares at the roiling tentacles, still sprawled on his ass on the floor next to him. Furio David picks up a box of bleach, chucks it hard -- it slam Jim in the stomach. He grunts, looks .toward them like, h
14) 104) dialog: 
14) 107) text: Norm's grip finally comes loose and he thuds down onto th loading platform. Then he's slowly pulled away, both hand (one a skeletal claw) scrabbling weakly on the concrete, on David, flopping and rolling as he vanishes into the Mi The largest tentacle is still playing with toilet paper r when the door comes down, indenting it. The smaller tenta go whipping out in the blink of an eye...but the large te gets stuck, writhing wildly as the door gets hung up, jer up and down in its tracks, trying to close. David grabs the ax, runs over, severs the tentacle in a s of brackish blood. The tentacle pulls free, leaving just one severed tip flopping on the floor like a fish, and: The door. Finally. Closes. Nothing now but the grumble of the generator and David pa harshly in the aftermath of his exhaustion and terror. Ji rises unsteadily, takes a couple of steps toward him.
14) 109) dialog: You got him killed! Did you get a good look at it? Did you get a good look at what you did? David vents his rage, throwing punches and landing some s ones. Jim staggers back, taking it numbly, in resignation penance. Suddenly Ollie's there, pulling David off.
14) 111) dialog: You two assholes got that kid killed! And I got his fucking blood on me! David pulis away from Ollie. He squats, puts his head dow taking deep breaths. He waits to see if he's gonna black or puke, or what. Finally, he looks up at Ollie. Softly:
14) 112) dialog: Okay. I'm done.
14) 114) dialog: Kill the generator. That's the first thing. . Ollie goes off to do it.
14) 117) dialog: Yeah? He was a kid, he's supposed to be stupid! What's your excuse? (off their looks) Go back in the market, wait for us by the door. Don't say a word to anybody. Not yet. . Jim and Myron shuffle out. The genny dies -- back to dark Beat. David clicks a flashlight on, aiming so Ollie can s Ollie looms from the darkness, still not breathing xight, taking long hits off his inhaler. A long silence as both try to absorb what just happened, then:
14) 118) dialog: I'm sure Norm the bag boy didn't expect that to happen when he woke up this morning.
14) 120) dialog: They won't believe us. CAMERA PUSHES IN as Ollie crouches, the flashlight beam t their faces into scary Halloween masks floating in the da
14) 122) dialog: I'm not sure I believe it, and I was here. What we saw...it's impossible. You know that, don't you? So how do we convince them? What do we say? Ollie, what the hell were those tentacles even attached to? 42. They ponder that, as:
15) 0) text: David draws near the aisle where the women are looking af Billy. Amanda appears from the aisle, gasps at the sight David -- he's disheveled, bloody. He quickly puts a finge his lips in a "don't make a scene" gesture. She leans in.
15) 2) dialog: Fine--yeah, fine. Not my blood. Just wanted to check on Billy. He looks past her, sees Billy curled up in Sally's lap.
15) 4) dialog: Gotta handle something first. Please, just keep your eye on him, okay? She nods, wanting to ask a million questions, but holding back. David turns, heads back toward the loading dock whe We find Jim, Myron, and Ollie hovering by the beer cooler Jim and Myron are both already drinking in earnest. Jim's holding his cold beer to his bruised face and split lip. wordlessly offers up the sixpack. Ollie tears one off, cr it, starts chugging. Myron hands David a kitchen towel an bottle of water so he can clean up. .-
15) 9) dialog: Let's quietly tell a few key people, go from there. You guys are locals, people from around here are more likely to take your word than mine.
15) 11) dialog: My family roots, yeah. But I didn't grow up here, makes me an outsider. You know damn well it does.
15) 13) dialog: Brent Norton? He's a New Yorker, got a lot of respect in this town. His credibility could be a plus.
15) 21) dialog: That's what I need to talk to you about. David pulls Norton aside, walking him down the aisle towa the back of the store:
15) 22) dialog: Listen, that guy who came in yelling about something in the fog getting his friend...
15) 24) dialog: They weren't hallucinations.
15) 26) dialog: Brent, listen to me, this is really important...
15) 28) text: I don't think it's going very well. David grabs Norton, walks him down the aisle to the other Norton getting all blustery and shaking his head:
15) 30) dialog: Tell him.
15) 36) dialog: Come back there with me. I'll show you the blood. And a chunk of tentacle on the floor.
15) 38) dialog: What? What did you say?
15) 40) dialog: Brent, look-- David grabs his arm, but Norton pulls out of grasp so har almost loses his balance, along with his temper:
15) 44) dialog: ..-that's not what's happening...
15) 49) dialog: I know you're scared. I am too. But there are lives at stake, my boy's most of all. I need you, goddamn it, so get your head out of your ass. I'll drag you back there if 1 have to.
15) 59) dialog: Fine.
15) 64) dialog: Okay. Here's how it is. I don't know what this mist is...but there are things in it. and they're dangerous... one of the town selectmen, speaks up:
15) 66) dialog: We went back in the loading dock. Five of us. Jim and Myron...Ollie and me...Norm, the bag boy. We opened up the loading door so Norm could go out and clear the exhaust vent for the generator. Something came out of the mist and took him.
15) 68) dialog: Gone. It killed him. Dragged him off. {off their looks) I can't tell you what it was. All we saw were tentacles. This gets a few nervous chuckles, which spurs Norton:
15) 75) dialog: Go ahead. Search the store. You won't find him.
15) 87) dialog: (to Bud) Don't take our word. Come look.
17) 6) dialog: (cuts him off) This isn't a courtroom. You're not arguing a case. And you're not doing anything but damage talking the way you are.
17) 24) dialog: You'll have to stop now, Mrs. Carmody. You're scaring the children. My little boy.
17) 45) dialog: I don't think that's a good idea, Mr. Cornell. 56.
17) 51) dialog: You know how to use it?
17) 57) dialog: Okay. You're in charge of the gun. (to Amanda) If that's okay? Amanda nods, relieved. Mike and Dan move off to help the piling the bags, while: David goes to Billy and Irene. The boy's eating a Hershey bar. David kneels, puts his hand on Billy's forehead.
17) 58) dialog: Feeling better, champ?
17) 60) dialog: I don't know.
17) 62) dialog: Billy, I just don't know. I wish I did, but I don't.
17) 64) dialog: Mommy loves you, Billy. And I bet she's fine. I promise you I'm going to do everything I can to get us back to her, okay? That's all you have to think about. Billy nods, miserable. David feels helpless, wanting to believe it himself. He looks up at Sally's trembling, tears running down her face desperately Sally and Irene.
17) 65) dialog: Sally? Your folks still in Boston? 58.
17) 80) dialog: No. No, ma'am, I don’t think anyone will restrain you. Brent, listen...
17) 82) dialog: I know. I'm just asking a favor. Off Norton's questioning look, David grabs a package of w clothesline from all the supplies that have been gathered
17) 83) dialog: Will you tie this around your waist?
17) 85) dialog: It'll tell us you got at least three hundred feet. Something flickers in Norton's eyes -- a hesitation, like Norm had before he opened the loading dock door. But then
17) 93) dialog: Brent. Good luck, man. Brent just stares at David's hand like it's a foreign obj
19) 0) text: --.and we find David's group sitting in an aisle: Billy, Amanda, Irene, Hattie. They're having a desultory meal of grilled chicken. Hattie's got Billy, clinging to him. Dav can't help noticing she's tense, verging on hysterical. H tries a tactic to get Billy out of earshot for a moment:
19) 1) dialog: Hey, you gotta eat, big guy. Keep your strength up.
19) 3) dialog: Well, maybe you'd bring me some more, huh? Go back there and get me some from Mr. Mackey, okay?
19) 6) dialog: You gonna keep it together?
19) 8) dialog: Hattie, I just don't know.
19) 12) dialog: You don't know any such thing.
19) 14) dialog: It's killing me not knowing. That's why I'm gonna keep it together and not give up hope. So I can get us back to her, me and my boy. That's all that matters. 66. Suddenly, Ollie's there, beer in hand, crouching down:
19) 16) dialog: What do you mean?
19) 20) dialog: Hattie! Watch Billy! ~~ and they burst from the aisle to see Gordon staggering away from the barricade in terror, fleeing toward the bac Sally and Wayne Jessup come running from the employee lou see David and the others racing toward: 67.
19) 27) dialog: 
19) 31) dialog: 
19) 42) dialog: 
19) 52) dialog: ducks as pterodactyl-bird #1 flaps past his head wrapped £lames, dropping burning pieces of itself. David pursues with his mop, the creature shrieking and burning and bash into shelves, bringing down cans and jars. David chases i down, smacks it to the floor, beating it to death, while:
19) 61) dialog: 
20) 1) dialog: is slumped, dozing. Irene and Hattie are asleep. Across f him is Amanda, curled up with Billy on a furniture pad. David comes fully awake. He realizes Amanda's watching hi long look passes between them. In whispers: ° AMANDA This isn't going to end. Is it? David says nothing. She reaches her hand across the floor touches his. There's a connection growing here...possibly uncomfortable one. David checks the time, whispers:
20) 2) dialog: My turn on watch. I won't be far. Just up there. Okay? She nods. David rises, drapes a flashlight with fabric to keep the beam dim, heads off.
20) 4) dialog: Joe? How you holding up, partner?
20) 6) dialog: Yeah, pal. How you doing?
20) 11) dialog: We're not there yet, okay?
20) 13) dialog: Joe, now listen. We're gonna work something out. Just hang on a little more. Will you do that? (to Buddy) Stay with him. We'll be back. Buddy nods. David motions for Ollie to follow him. They r heading toward the front of the store, whispering:
20) 15) dialog: I know. I've been thinking. (off Ollie's look) About that pharmacy next door. David motions him toward the barricade.
20) 20) dialog: Anything?
20) 26) dialog: For a start. I've also been thinking beyond that. (off their looks) I've been weighing this very carefully. We have to get out of here. I mean permanently.
20) 28) dialog: It's not about the supplies. What happens when one of those things decides to break through this window? I'm talking one of the big ones, like the one that killed Norm. What do we do then, fight it off with mops?
20) 35) dialog: I've got my four wheel drive out there.
20) 37) dialog: We'll try for the pharmacy first, bring back supplies for the injured. If we don't, Joe Bagleton's gonna die, and we can't let that happen. After that... (beat) Look, I can fit eight people in my Scout. I say we drive south as far as the fuel takes us, hope we get clear of this mist.
20) 39) dialog: It's all I've got.
20) 41) dialog: They went like lambs to slaughter. Doesn't mean we have to. Amanda, think. Norton got over two hundred feet from this store. I'm parked less than half that distance from here. If that.
20) 43) dialog: Hell, Mike, could be the entire world for all we know. We'd be just as dead either way, wouldn't we?
20) 47) dialog: Okay, so, ten. You want another reason to get the hell out of here? I'll give you the best one...her. Mrs. Carmody. Our very own Jim Jones. I'd like to leave before people start drinking the Kool Aid, y'know?
20) 50) dialog: I count four. She's preaching to i them right now. By noon she'll have i four more. By tomorrow night, when : those things come back, she'll have i a congregation. Then we can start : worrying about who she's gonna sacrifice to make it all better. : You, Mike? One of the women? My a little boy? :
20) 54) dialog: Sure. As long as the machines are working and you can dial 911. You take those things away, toss people in the dark, scare the shit out of them, no more rules, you'll see how primitive they get. Scare people badly enough, you'll get 'em to do anything. iy.
20) 59) dialog: Nobody has to decide anything now. First thing's first -- the pharmacy. That'll be our test run, okay? — WE FADE TO BLACK AND BRING UP A TITLE:
21) 0) text: David facing his son, who's on the verge of tears:
21) 2) dialog: It's all right, Big Bill. I'11 bring you back that Spiderman comic book.
21) 4) dialog: Billy. We have to get out sooner or later. You see that, don't you?
21) 6) dialog: It's been a whole day now. 80.
21) 8) dialog: There are a lot less of them in the daytime.
21) 10) dialog: I'll be back, Billy. I promise. The boy starts to cry, helplessly and deeply. David glanc up at Amanda, who takes Billy. David rises, as:
21) 12) dialog: Something happens to me, the Scout's yours. Look after Billy the best you can as long as you can. She looks down, sees that he's given her his car keys. He goes to the front of the store as ANGLE WIDENS TO FIND:
21) 14) dialog: My boy is no concern of yours. (to everybody) Listen up. We're going over to the pharmacy. We need to bring back supplies to help our injured. Also there may be people trapped over there who need help. 81.
21) 19) dialog: You wanna stop us? Fine. But first explain to Buddy here why we're not getting painkillers and medicine for his brother. .
21) 30) dialog: (to the soldiers) How about it, Army? Any help from the armed forces here? Bisby and Donaldson trade dark looks, drift away. BISBY — Fuck it. :
22) 0) text: Dan takes the lead, followed by David, Ollie, the others. truly is another world out here, silent, eerie as hell. CAMERA DRIFTS in slow and ominous ways, tracking our grou through the Mist as they move single file, weapons poised The market is lost within yards, gone in the Mist. The on thing they have to go by now is the walkway connecting th market and pharmacy. A trashcan looms by, and then: Dan Miller pauses up ahead. He's found the pharmacy door.
22) 9) dialog: Let's keep our eyes open anyway. They enter, tense as hell, flashlights sweeping the misty air, illuminating the silky stuff...it’s everywhere, conn floors to ceiling, shrouding shelves and counters.
22) 11) dialog: Where do they keep the meds?
22) 13) dialog: Ollie, you and me.
22) 21) dialog: (breathless whisper) This silk...it's...oh, Christ, I think it's webs...we have to leave... Jim is wide-eyed with horror, backing toward the door, wh A_FIGURE embedded in the silk behind him suddenl reaches and grabs him with a horrible GROAN. dim turns and SCREAM It's the M.P. we saw earlier in the market, his face a gh parchment white, barely able to speak: M.P. --80rry...I'm sorry...all our fault...help me...please help me... David and Ollie push Jim aside, try to pull the M.P. free The M.P. suddenly starts convulsing, and they realize: There are things crawling under his skin -- writhing, mov lumps. The M.P. claws at his shirt, convulsing ever harde ripping buttons open, exposing skin... His entire torso is movin » heaving, swelling with countl moving lumps. Our group backs off in horror, as:
22) 22) dialog: hears a noise from above (like a faint bullwhip crack) an looks up as a streamer of white silk flies at his face. H jerks aside, it misses him by inches. The sounds start erupting all around them, streamers of ‘ shooting out from all directions, as HUGE, SPIDER-LIKE SH the size of dogs scuttle into view all around them, ridin the contours of silk, surrounding them, cutting them off, making horrific MEWLING sounds... 86.
22) 23) dialog: 
23) 5) text: TIGHT ON DAVID'S FACE, asleep, curled into a fetal bail, tortured by dreams. His eyes come open, hearing:
23) 9) dialog: (nods) How long have I been out? AMANDA . Most of the day. You just came over here, laid down, and went to sleep.
23) 10) dialog: Passed out, more like it. Just shut down for a while. I'm sorry.
23) 12) dialog: Yeah. Bad. Ollie appears, trailed by Irene and Ambrose Cornell.
23) 13) dialog: How's Joe?
23) 16) dialog: I thought I was dreaming her voice.
23) 18) dialog: How many?
23) 22) dialog: Jesus.
23) 26) dialog: No. Sorry. I can't walk out that door again. Ever. (off their looks) You saw what happened to Buddy. Mike. Arnie. I won't do that again. I won't be responsible. I won't.
23) 33) dialog: Is that...Jim?
23) 41) text: Mr. Mackey, the butcher, is one of Carmody's group. He ha his back to us. A gleaming butcher's knife, crusted with blood, is tucked in the back of his apron strings. Sudden Mackey turns...looks over his shoulder at David, meeting gaze. Mackey’s eyes are vacant. He looks back to Mrs. Car
23) 49) dialog: (softly) It hasn't even been two days. Not even two days.
23) 56) dialog: I want to know what this mist is. Maybe it'll help us figure out what we're up against. (off their looks) I want to talk to the soldiers.
23) 58) dialog: Don't you remember what the M.P. said in the pharmacy?
23) 63) dialog: That's what we're going to find out. Have you seen them?
23) 65) dialog: Irene, look after Billy, please. Irene nods. The others join David, looking for the soldie
23) 66) text: David and the others split up, walking the aisles, search for any sign of the soldiers. They're nowhere to be seen. hear Mrs. Carmody preaching throughout, the only sound in store, an unnerving and relentless backdrop:
23) 71) dialog: Where are your friends?
23) 74) dialog: What do you know about this mist?
23) 77) dialog: —_— That's not what the M.P. said. In the pharmacy. Before the spiders came out of his skin.
23) 81) dialog: (looks to Jessup) That where they are? Loading dock?
23) 85) dialog: (pause, quietly) I_ know you're a hometown boy, but that cuts you zero slack. Ollie there has a gun. If you don't come quietly, I'm going to ask him to shoot you in the leg. He'll do it, teo. And then we're gonna drag you. Another pause. Jessup checking their faces. He crushes ou his cigarette, hands quavering...
23) 96) text: horrific angles, clothesline connecting their necks to th ceiling pipes above. Bisby and Donaldson. David's flashlight travels down, the beam finding the cha they placed atop the stacks of boxes and kicked away to h themselves. Jessup gasps, breaks down in tears:
23) 98) dialog: It's the Arrowhead Project, isn't it? This mist, it’s some kind of military fuckup. What were you guys messing with up there? Huh? Jessup turns, runs for the door, bumps right into: Jim. He's followed them in. Jessup screams in fright. Jim grabs him, pulls him forward, CAMERA FOLLOWING as he hurl him right through the swinging doors into: .
24) 0) text: Deep silence. Thick gloom. The world outside is brighteni We find David sitting near the back of the store in a hal doze, his chin on his chest. His friends are all around h sprawled on furniture pads...some sleeping, some not. David rouses, glances to Ollie. Ollie looks at his watch, whispers one word:
24) 2) dialog: Are you ready to leave the bad lady? The little boy nods, very serious and solem. David looks around at the other faces peering at him from gloom: Dan, Irene, Ambrose. Myron, his face bruised, has joined them. So has Bud Brown, the store manager. Slow no all around. It’s a consensus -- they're all ready to leav the bad lady. In whispers: 101.
24) 4) dialog: Scout's unlocked. Whoever gets there first, open the front and back doors. Everybody pile in fast as you can. They rise, moving slowly and carefully up the aisle. Davi gets to the head of the aisle, pauses and peers out to ma sure the coast is clear. He waves them out
24) 7) dialog: Going out now, Mrs. Carmody. Stand away, please.
24) 11) dialog: No one has interfered with you. All we want is the same privilege.
24) 19) dialog: You try it. You fucking try.
24) 24) dialog: is staring at her in shock, turns and sees:
24) 30) dialog: Thank you, Ollie. Let's go.
24) 32) dialog: That's. why I said thank you. Come on now. We have to leave. David moves the group to the front door. He throws the lo bolts open, picks Billy up, pauses as:
24) 33) text: I wouldn't have shot her, David. Not if there had been any other way. Do you believe me?
24) 34) dialog: Yes. I do.
25) 0) text: :--and we're plunged into it, things happening fast, HAND in the Mist: Ollie's running in front, pistol poised, the others sprea out behind him, footsteps clattering and echoing hollowly across pavement, David holding Billy tight to his chest.. Ollie gets to the car first, throws open the front and re doors on the driver's side, turns, yelling for them to co and suddenly a HUGE SHAPE materializes in the Mist behina Ollie as David screams a warning --
25) 1) dialog: 
25) 11) dialog: Our front window was broken open. The tree...my grandfather's tree... He looks around, sees: A familiar floppy sun hat is caught in a tangle of webbin the side of the house, swaying slightly in the breeze. Hi wife's hat, the one she was wearing the last time we saw WE PAN from the hat to a pale dead foot dangling from a c embedded in the branches of the downed tree. It hits David hard. He knew it all along, but had to know sure. Now he does. He glances to Billy. The boy is in Ama lap, mercifully asleep. Amanda has no words of comfort to offer. From the back seat:
26) 3) dialog: No. A heavy weight of silence. David works up his courage. Pi up the gun. Cracks the cylinder. Shakes the bullets out. rounds are expended. He discards the empty casings, leavi four live rounds. He stares down at them in his palm. Sof
26) 4) dialog: There's four left. He looks up at the others. Everybody knows what this mean
26) 6) dialog: I'll figure something out. He loads the shells, softly closes the cylinder. He looks at them again. The moment is charged, awful. Amanda nods, shaking, trying not to cry. Irene and Dan nod too.
26) 10) dialog: 