14) 33) dialog: What sound?
14) 35) dialog: You hear it before the lights went out...or after?
14) 39) dialog: Now don't be thataway, Mr. Drayton. You had a scare, no doubt. Why not let’s all go check it out?
14) 41) dialog: Pretty rank in here. Guess you were right to shut her down. The flashlight beams play across the corrugated loading d Looks fine. Jim glances to Myron, and it's obvious what t thinking: that David's one'a them high-strung, nervous ne types. Only Ollie seems to giving any benefit of doubt. They move toward the generator, flashlights bobbing acros cartons of canned goods, pallets of dry dog food. Jim and Myron enter the cage, Ollie hovering at their shoulders. The generator ROARS to life, spewing smoke.
14) 42) dialog: Whoa, whoa, shut her down! Holy crow, don't that stink! The generator dies again. Jim and Myron exit the cage.
14) 46) text: Jim's pissed 33.
14) 47) dialog: Why not? (to Ollie) 'Lectric door, right?
14) 56) dialog: Mr. Drayton, pardon me, but I'm not convinced you heard anything. We're not hearing anything how. Anybody? (a quick glance around) I know you're a bigshot artist with connections in New York and Hollywood and all, but that don't make you better than anyone else, in my book... 34.
14) 60) dialog: Okay, kid, you're it. I'11 start the motor, you raise the door. Give us a yell when you got enough room.
14) 64) dialog: Listen...Mr. Drayton...tel1 you what. You got anything else to say, I think you better count your teeth first, ‘cause I'm tired of listening to your bullshit. (glances over) C'mon, Myron. They head for the genny. Norm goes to the loading door. D stunned, tries to go after them -- but Ollie restrains hi
14) 70) dialog: Ready, kid?
14) 81) dialog: (frozen) Oh my God... The tentacle suddenly flexes and pulls, jerking Norm's fo out from under him. He flies back, arms flailing wildly, slams flat on his back, cracking his head on the concrete The tentacle flexes again, wrapping further up Norm's leg get a better grip...and hundreds of tiny sphincter-like m , are revealed lining the underside of the tentacle, open 7 and closing hungrily, ti L tiny barbed teeth gnashing. The tentacle starts dragging Norm across the £loor toward the door -- flops onto his stomach, dazed, fingers clawing the paveme
14) 106) dialog: I'm sorry. How the hell was I supposed to know? You said you heard something but I didn't know what you meant, you. should have said what you meant better. I thought, I dunno, maybe a bird or something... Ollie staggers to his feet and runs to the generator. Norm is staring at them, holding on, the tentacles rippin him, droplets of blood pattering to the floor. Other tentacles, including a few big ones, are crawling a the floor, exploring. One gets close to Jim, who steps ba and trips on his ass, joining Myron on the floor. Another grabs a box marked "Charmin" and squeezes, rupturing it a sending rolls of toilet paper raining and bouncing everyw The generator ROARS to life. 4u. David hesitates. Norm's eyes are boring into his, hellish aware. He knows what's happening to him, knows what David about to do. David stabs the button and the door descends
14) 108) dialog: Look, look...y'gotta understand... David throws a punch. Jim's too surprised to even duck it Whap! Right in the mouth. Blood start to flow.
14) 115) dialog: Yeah. Let's get out of here. I'm Sorry about the kid, but y'gotta understand--
15) 5) dialog: I'm sorry about Norm. Ain’t makin! no excuses. Just saying. DAVID . We have to tell people. No need to say how it went down...but we're in deep shit here, people need to know.
15) 7) dialog: Yeah. Yeah, sure. Can't have 'em just walking out, can we? Like that lady whose kids were at home. Oh, Lord, what a mess. 43.
15) 15) dialog: What do you mean "getting in?" You guys shut that loading door, right?
15) 47) dialog: Whoa, easy, Myron. Mr. Norton, I swear, you got us all wrong.
17) 20) dialog: Come on, pal, easy now... People are pausing now, drawn to the confrontation, as:
17) 76) dialog: Back in the loading dock, jackass, dig the wax out of your ears!
21) 32) dialog: What'cha gonna do with that there tennis racket, Mrs. Reppler?
21) 34) dialog: (umeasy smile) Yes'm. Me and my sister Pauline. 83.
22) 18) dialog: Something fuckin weird. BO. Jessup sweeps his flashlight around, suddenly seeing some in the glare of his beam...
22) 20) dialog: {starts to weep) _ Oh, God, no...no, no, no... Their flashlights beams start finding other bodies in the silk, bodies all around us, strung like macabre Halloween splays, faces frozen and desiccated in death, hands conto into claws...
23) 0) text: -;:and then the survivors are back inside, reeling in the aftermath of lunacy and nightmare, everybody in the marke just staring as Billy comes running, hurls himself sobbin into his father's arms, and Jim just screams and screams screams, his mind totally gone...
23) 30) dialog: (shouting the loudest)
23) 36) dialog: is staring with bright, fevered eyes, as:
23) 38) dialog: 
23) 46) dialog: No, you shut up! You! It’s still a free goddamn country, so shut up if you know what's good for ya! ---and WHAM, Jim punches Myron in the mouth, lays him out the floor, starts kicking him. Myron scurries away, clutc his bleeding mouth, as:
23) 100) dialog: 
23) 105) dialog: I heard him! Those two peckerwoods he was with went and hung '‘emselves! They knew, they knew all along!
23) 107) dialog: They heard it too, yes they did! That Arrowhead Project up the mountain! That secret shit they were doing up there brung it on us! vie
23) 128) dialog: 
24) 28) text: BLAM! Ollie SHOOTS HER AGAIN, in the head. Her head snaps back, trailing blood through the air as she's spun around clutches one of the registers to stop from falling...but register tips and goes down with her as she hits the floo One last violent spasm, and that's it.. -dead as hell. People are backing away, stunned. Ollie jerks the gun at ready to kill him, but Jim drops his knife and retreats. also backs away. A WOMAN screams, starts sobbing: