12) 11) dialog: With these lines? I wouldn't say there's much good about it, but I guess we'll have to make do. moving down the aisles.
13) 51) dialog: Don't go out there! It's death to go out there!
13) 54) dialog: Don't go out there! It's death. I feel that it's death out there... Confusion mounts, people crowding to the glass, some head out the door. David moves to the windows, holding Billy.. 23.
13) 57) dialog: It's death. Death took your John Lee. It's death out there.
13) 59) dialog: You'll be next, you don't mind your Manners. The people in the store watch spellbound as the cars disa row after row, half the lot now gone. David's Scout is pa near, still visible...
13) 63) dialog: No, no, don't, it’s... But he shoulders the door open and runs. It starts a stam others start pushing their way outside, following.
13) 64) dialog: ---wait, you don't understand!
13) 68) dialog: (softly) It's death. David sees the Mist swallow his Scout, glide across the t aisle, and press up against the glass... The market is swallowed. We see only vague shapes out the now, a few trash cans. The parking lot lamps come on automatically, adding dim orange halos of light to the mu Another scream is heard somewhere, distant as a dream. .
13) 78) dialog: It’s death to go out there! The teenage girl spins, terrified, yelling:
14) 22) dialog: It's God's judgment come down at last. Nothin' more obvious or natural than that.
14) 24) dialog: (sharp) Oh, I won't have to, Sonny Jim. You already did that to yourself with a life of sin and dissolution... David goes through a pair of swinging rubberized doors in
15) 80) dialog: Little Normy's gone. Death took your little Normy. All eyes turn. Here she comes in her canary-yellow pantsu
15) 81) dialog: You listen but don't hear. You hear but don't believe. Who wants to go outside and see for himself? {looks to David) And what do you propose to do about it, Mr. David Drayton? What do you think you can do about it?
15) 84) dialog: Don't you touch me! It's the end of everything! It's death!
17) 11) dialog: Keep thinking, Mr. Lawyer. There is no defense against the will of God. No court of appeals in Hell. (to David) No defense here, neither. Not with all the bags of fertilizer in the world, not even if you stack 'em high as that prideful tower in Babel. They all just bags of shit now, ain't they?
17) 15) dialog: I have seen the signs. I have read the Revelations. There are those here I have told, but ain't none so blind as those who will not see. 53. She moves to the windows, pointing out at the Mist.
17) 16) dialog: "And the temple was filled with the smoke from the glory of God, and from his power; and no man was able to enter the temple till the plaques of the seven angels were fulfilled."
17) 18) dialog: Proposing? Why, I am proposing that you prepare to meet your maker, Michael Hatlen!
17) 21) dialog: Doubters will doubt to the end! Yet a monstrosity did drag that poor boy away! Things in the mist! Every abomination out of a bad dream! Eyeless freaks! Pallid horrors! Do you doubt? Then go out! Go on out and say howdy-do!
17) 25) dialog: The children should be scared. Oh yes they should. Their heads been (MORE)
17) 27) dialog: filled with lies, all this talk of modern God. Only one true God, the God of the Israelites. He’s a stern and vengeful God, and we been mocking Him far too long. Now he’s calling us to pay our debt in blood.
17) 29) dialog: That's right missy thing, blood. Like what trickles down your leg once a month. Why you think God gave women the curse? As a reminder. But that's just been a downpayment. Now we pay the rest. (looks around) Read the Good Book! It calls for blood! Expiation! Sacrifice! Amanda steps up calmly and slaps her hard across the face
17) 33) dialog: They'll get hold of you. Not today. Maybe tonight. When darkness comes. Sally shies back. Carmody turns slowly, addressing them a now, eyes going from face to face.
17) 34) dialog: They'll come at night, and take someone else. See if they don't. And when they do, when you're next, then you'll come weeping to me. You'll beg Mother Carmody to show you what to do. DD.
17) 36) dialog: You try it, Ollie Weeks. (turns to Amanda) And you, bitch. Hit me again if you dare. You'll be on your knees to me before it's through. She plants her Tootsie Pop back in her mouth, drifts quie off. People get out of her way. ANGLE FINDS one terrified WOMAN, pale and watching...already believing.
17) 96) dialog: Take it up with the Devil when you Grop in on him. Chew it over at your leisure. She gives him a chilly smile. He just turns, exits.
17) 97) dialog: They'll die out there. Mark me. Norton's group starts off. People crowd to the windows, p over the "sandbags," watching. David and Ollie pay out th clothesline, keeping it from tangling. The group gets indistinct very quickly...then vanishes fr sight, swallowed by the Mist Silence now. Tension thick. People straining to see or he anything. The only sound is the clothesline quietly reeli out, rubbing softly against the door jamb. The seconds tick by. The line keeps being drawn out, foot after foot, yard after yard It suddenly stops, goes slack in David's hands. Pause. It starts again. Everybody remembers to breathe. The rope keeps going, at least two hundred feet of it now gone, cl in on three quarters. People are starting to get hopeful.
17) 101) dialog: (placid, quiet) Now do you see? Now do you believe?
19) 23) dialog: "And there came out of the smoke locusts upon the earth, and unto them was given power, as the scorpions of the earth have power." (a whisper) Wow. Look at those stingers. Ollie reaches up, gently taps the glass. A bug takes off, then lands again. Other people start tapping the glass; m the swarm flit off, but they always come back, settling.
19) 54) dialog: "...a great voice from the temple Saying to the seven angels, go your ways, and pour out the vials of the Wrath of God upon the earth..." Ollie almost gets a shot off, but a SHRIEKING WOMAN with toddler suddenly pops up in his sights -- he barel manage to avoid shooting her, holds his fire as the "bird" rises circling off over the aisles...
19) 56) dialog: "..,and there fell a noisome and grievous sore upon men which had the mark of the beast..."
20) 0) text: We're hearing sounds in the night...things moving around the Mist in the dark...distant, raptor-like shrieks...the flappings of strange wings...the deep grunts of huge unse beasts in a world now primordial... M3. People huddle in the dark (lit only by tea-candles) like ancestors in their caves, just trying to get through the night...exhausted, dazed with disbelief, etched with desp Some are tossing in sleep. Some are awake, looking like t never sleep again. Some are drunk and passed out; some ar drinking and trying to get there. Some are just hugging t knees and staring at nothing, minds gone bye-bye. The three soldiers are chainsmoking and sharing a bottle Jack Daniels. Jessup is shellshocked, numb. ANGLE FINDS the only person who seems to be thriving in t horror: Mrs. Carmody. She's on an altar-like sprawl of cr lit by votive candles, preaching in a low hypnotic monoto to the FOUR PEOPLE who have joined her.
21) 13) dialog: And where do you think you're going, Mr. David Drayton? Are you so anxious to make your boy an orphan? People are gathering, watching, as:
21) 16) dialog: And bring the fiends of hell down on our heads, say thankya!
21) 21) dialog: (to Buddy) And you will die out there! You'll step out that door and be torn apart! . (to David) Then your hellbound pride will get us killed. They'll come for the rest of us just as this good woman says! (to the crowd) You gonna let that happen? It's this sort of hubris...this sort of pride in defiance of God that brought the Final Wrath upon us! It's death! It’s deeaaaa-- And whack! A can of peas flies out of nowhere and smacks in the head. Her head sna ips back, dazed and stunned. She looks around, realizing it was:
21) 23) dialog: Harlot! Whore! (points) She serves the Foul One! She serves Satan!
21) 28) dialog: There will be a reckoning, missy bitch. You'll be the first chosen, mark my word.
23) 1) dialog: (Laughing) So? How'd it go? -..and Jim's screams just keep echoing as WE FADE TO BLAC
23) 3) dialog: EEE eS
23) 6) dialog: ---expiation. It's expiation we wanna think about now. We have been scourged with whips and scorpions. We have seen the lips of the earth vomit forth obscenities of nightmare. The rock will not hide them, the dead trees give no shelter. And how will it end? What will stop it?
23) 28) dialog: Expiation! Let me hear you say it like you mean it!
23) 37) dialog: Expiation, that's right! It's expiation gonna clear off these monsters and abominations! Expiation gonna drop the scales from our eyes and let us see! And what does the Bible say expiation is? What is the only cleanser for sin in the Eye and Mind of God?
23) 42) dialog: Blood! It's blood that is demanded! Blood that will wash away our corruption and sin! Blood!
23) 47) dialog: Another unbeliever! But he'll believe, yes, he'll believe before it's through...
23) 66) text: David and the others split up, walking the aisles, search for any sign of the soldiers. They're nowhere to be seen. hear Mrs. Carmody preaching throughout, the only sound in store, an unnerving and relentless backdrop:
23) 67) dialog: "...and the seventh angel poured out his vial into the air, and there came a great voice out of the temple of heaven, from the throne, saying: It is done...° CAMERA FOLLOWS David alone now, searching, seeing people scattered about the store, getting his share of hostile a paranoid looks. Still no sign of any soldiers.
23) 68) dialog: "...and there were voices, lightnings and thunders, and a great earthquake such as was not seen since men were upon the earth, so mighty an earthquake, and so great..." MURMURS from the crowd, a woman calling out: \
23) 87) dialog: "...and they gnawed their tongues for pain and blasphemed the God of heaven and repented not of their deeds..."
23) 103) dialog: (striding this way) What's this? What's this?
23) 108) dialog: (approaches, checks uniform name tag) Private...Jessup?
23) 110) dialog: 
23) 114) dialog: Stuff. :
23) 116) dialog: Maybe your window turned out to be a door, didn't it?
23) 119) dialog: Ain't. His. Fault. No, ain't nothin’ ever anybody's fault. He denies. Points the finger. This Judas in our midst . 98. David takes a step forward, wanting to defuse the situati but Ollie grabs his arm, gives him a firm look of "no."
23) 120) dialog: You've seen it now! The truth of what I say! It’s this sort of hubris! This sort of willful priiiide against God! This defiance of His will! CAMERA CHURNS IN QUEASY 360s around her.. -She's turning, savoring the moment, looking them all in the eye...
23) 121) dialog: We been punished for delving into secrets forbidden by God of old! Walkin' on the moooon! Splittin’ His atoms! Messin’ with His stem cells for the secrets of life that only God above has any right to! Gettin’ too big for our britches, is what! And now His ju nt is come upon us! The Fiend is let loose! Star Wormwood blazes! (turns, points at Jessup)
23) 130) dialog: 
23) 138) dialog: turns away from the window, gleaming with satisfaction, l more alive than she's ever been.
23) 139) dialog: “The beasts will leave us alone tonight. Tomorrow...well, we'll just have to wait and see, won't we?
24) 6) dialog: Stealin’' food now. She takes a big crunchy bite. David and his friends look around, seeing: FIGURES are stepping from the gloom, hemming them from al sides, dozens of people with vacant gazes, blocking the p to the doors. Many have weapons: knives, claw hammers...
24) 8) dialog: You can't go out. I won't allow it.
24) 10) dialog: It's against God's will. Don't you know that by now? What’s the matter with you? Don't you believe in God?
24) 12) dialog: Privilege. 102. She tosses the apple, almost playfully. It smacks Amanda' head, bouncing off across the floor. She pulls a bottle o milk, flips off the lid, takes a long swig, eyes on David the while. She sets the bottle gently down on the counter
24) 13) dialog: Privilege. -.,then she snaps like a child throwing a tantrum, smashi the grocery bag every which way, flinging it around, bash it against the counter, spewing its contents, shrieking:
24) 14) dialog: 
24) 17) dialog: You all heard what he said! These are the sort of people who brought it on! People who will not bend to the will of the Almighty! Sinners in pride, haughty they are, and stiff-necked! They mock us, they mock our God, our faith, our values and our way of life, they mock our humility and piousness! They piss on us and laugh! CAMERA PUSHES IN ON HER as she points, a mad Inquisitor. the butcher and Jim Grondin appear at her side, both brandishing knives, both ready to kill...
24) 18) dialog: It is from their number the sacrifice must come! From their number the blood of expiation! David grabs up the nearest thing he can find, a mop handl not much of a weapon, but he wields it...
24) 20) dialog: It's the boy we want! Grab him! Take him! Show them the price of defiance! It's the boy we want! +-;and the mob is closing in. David swings the mop handle whipping it through the air, trying to drive them back, k 1U35. them at bay only for the briefest of moments. Amanda's go Billy, the boy clinging to her neck, terrified:
24) 22) dialog: (screaming) And the whore, too! Grab them both! Get the boy, get the whore, kill fem both, kill ‘em ali-- BLAM! A single gunshot, loud as hell. The milk bottle in mrs. Carmody's hand EXPLODES, ruptures outward, spews glass and milk in all directions. Everything goes still. Mackey and Jim Ereeze a few paces like kids caught in a game of "red-light-green-light."
24) 23) dialog: stands frozen, mouth agape - She drops what's left of the bottle, takes a falter: ng step back, looks down at the r bloody hole in her stomach. She looks up, trying to speak
24) 26) dialog: Her mouth opens and closes, opens again. She finally Mana a croaking whisper:
24) 27) dialog: ---kill them...kill them all...