13) 10) text: of store activity -- people shopping, maneuvering in the aisles, trying not to bump carts, cashiers working... Oe It's all very...normal. And yet its very normalcy should unnerve us. (This is very much in the tone of how it's sh
14) 51) dialog: Hey, I wanna go, it was my idea... j DAVID | Whoa, wait, just stop! (they stare at him) Jim, right? And Myron? You don't seem to understand, or you're trying as hard as you can not to. This is no ordinary fog, okay? And there are a lot of people in this market. I£ you open that loading door and something comes in...
14) 53) dialog: (snorts) Like what?
14) 61) dialog: Yeah, okay, good. Norm goes to the loading door. David's just staring at th _—== unable to believe he can't talk them out of this.
14) 63) dialog: Why don't you just shut the fuck up already! Jeezus!
14) 71) dialog: Yeah, let's rock!
14) 73) dialog: Pussy. Norm stabs the loading door button with his finger, back to wait. The door starts to rise, its tracks. Light comes £looding in, steps rolling slowly up in pushing back the shadows.
14) 74) dialog: Hold. up! The generator goes off. The door stops about three feet o the ground. Norm moves forward. Outside, the concrete loa Platform stretches off into a dull milky haze. Tendrils o mist come eddying in across the floor, creating an otherw effect. It might as well be a different planet out there. Jim and Myron exit the generator cage. Norm gets to the d ducks down and beers out to make sure the coast is clear.
14) 76) dialog: (snorts, glances back) Yeah, right... And that's when it ha ens: a long, pale, fleshy pink thin that looks like a huge obscene worm comes slither: ing up over the lip of the loading platform, probing the air. 36. All the men inside see it. Ollie makes a sound in his thr Norm turns, looks down, goggle-eyed, starts backpedaling.
14) 77) dialog: What the fu-- -+-and THWACK! The membrane lashes forward and wraps arou his ankie -- it's a tentacle! The tip has a flat pad like giant squid's, only this pad has a mouth in it bristling tiny black barbed teeth that cut through jeans and flesh. Norm lets out an inarticulate SCREAM of sheer horror as h dances hysterically back into the loading dock with the t clinging to his ankle, trying to shake it off:
14) 78) dialog: 
14) 82) dialog: 
14) 85) dialog: Don't let it get me, okay, don't, okay, don't... (looks to Jim and Myron) Help me...help me, ‘you guys, please, please... But the others are frozen in shock, their brains gone sho circuit, unable to process what they're seeing. Myron bac away, trips over a pallet and lands on his ass, gaping in incomprehension and terror. David strains to pull Norm free, their wrists locked. Sud we hear: more slithering. 37.
14) 86) text: Norm takes his eyes off David, turns to look -- as we RAC the loading door b.g. to reveal: More tentacles rise up just outside, slipping and floppin and slithering hungr. ly toward us. RACK BACK TO Norm as looks back to David, almost imbecilic now with fear:
14) 87) dialog: +--0h, there's more...there's more...
14) 91) dialog: Oh! Oh! oh! : More tentacles come probing. One snatches Norm's apron of carries it away like a prize. Another tugs a Converse sne off his thrashing foot and makes off with it. David looks around, sees: a fir € ax enclosed in a glass case on the wall.
14) 96) dialog: David slips and slides in Norm's blood, feet dug in, gett dragged as Norm is pulled along in fits and starts. Tenta are darting, dipping in, nipping pieces out of Norm, ripp up little hunks of clothing and flesh...
14) 97) dialog: 
14) 100) dialog: ++-don't let it get me...'kay... A tentacle THWACKS onto one of his hands, RIPS the flesh to bone, but still he hangs grimly on. Another rips the s and flesh off his bare foot. Norm's past screaming; he's letting out long, shivering sobs. Tentacles come near David's and Ollie's heads, probing th air, sniffing to see if they're edible. One makes a grab Ollie, who bats it away and backpedals, letting go of Nor
14) 107) text: Norm's grip finally comes loose and he thuds down onto th loading platform. Then he's slowly pulled away, both hand (one a skeletal claw) scrabbling weakly on the concrete, on David, flopping and rolling as he vanishes into the Mi The largest tentacle is still playing with toilet paper r when the door comes down, indenting it. The smaller tenta go whipping out in the blink of an eye...but the large te gets stuck, writhing wildly as the door gets hung up, jer up and down in its tracks, trying to close. David grabs the ax, runs over, severs the tentacle in a s of brackish blood. The tentacle pulls free, leaving just one severed tip flopping on the floor like a fish, and: The door. Finally. Closes. Nothing now but the grumble of the generator and David pa harshly in the aftermath of his exhaustion and terror. Ji rises unsteadily, takes a couple of steps toward him.
15) 71) dialog: Nothing...just silence. People looking nervously around.
15) 74) dialog: 
15) 77) dialog: 