12) 0) text: ..-and enters to find the store more crowded than he's ev seen it -- people clogging the aisles, long lines snaking the checkout counters. The cashiers are harried, totaling purchases by hand -- the registers are down. BUD BROWN (store manager) and OLLIE WEEKS (assistant mana are clipping receipts to the customers’ checks or cash, t them in a box. Both men are also bagging, helping out NOR THE BAG BOY, a skinny 18 year-old with stringy blond hair SALLY, a pretty teenage cashier, glances up and sees Davi entering.
12) 9) dialog: Oh, man, everybody's pissed off this morning. (his gaze shifts) Oh, great. And now it's complete. David turns, sees MRS. CARMODY enter. She seems like a ni (though eccentric) lady at first, but...well, we'll get t know her soon enough. She's in a canary-yellow pantsuit, annoyed to see such a long wait at the checkstands. On she goes,
12) 10) dialog: What do you wanna bet she finds Satan lurking in the cantaloupes? {as she draws near) Good morning, Mrs. Carmody...
12) 13) dialog: You know it. David moves on... WE FADE TO BLACK and bring up a TITLE CARD:
13) 52) dialog: (mutters to himself) Aw, jeez... A few people draw away from Mrs. Carmody, avoiding her. T vibe is turning panicky, and she’s not helping things. So bumps into David, almost jolting him off his feet, more p heading outside, as Norton whispers to David:
13) 75) dialog: Is everybody okay? Is anybody hurt? Everybody starts breathing again, some sobbing in fear. B starts crying hysterically. David sets him down, trying t quiet him, as tension spills out all over the store:
13) 85) dialog: Ma'am, no, you can't go out there. Not until we catch our breath and figure things out--
14) 7) dialog: Boy settled down? How is he? 2.
14) 9) dialog: I'll go fetch some aspirin, huh?
14) 11) dialog: Got some furniture pads out in the loading dock.
14) 29) dialog: David! Jesus!
14) 31) dialog: What, the generator? We were just coming to check it out... Norm the bag boy appears with flashlights, ready to hand out. David's freaked, trying to calm down:
14) 37) dialog: Nobody's calling you a liar.
14) 48) dialog: Well, yeah, but I don't think it's very wise to send him out there.
14) 59) dialog: Fellas, the generator isn't even that important, the food'll keep for days without-- Jim cuts him off brusquely, points to Norm:
14) 65) dialog: Leave tem be.
14) 69) dialog: They've lost their sense of proportion. Out there in the market they were scared and confused...in here's a problem they can solve, so goddamn it, they're gonna solve it.
14) 93) dialog: Ollie lets go of Norm, rushes to the wall, and SLAMS his hard as he can into the glass case -- it doesn't break, b his elbow almost does. He hisses in pain, clutching it...
14) 94) dialog: 
14) 99) dialog: ---asthma...fuckin' asthma... David scrambles forward, getting a new grip under Norm's pulling for all he's worth, screaming with effort... Ollie comes staggering, taking desperate hits from his in also grabbing Norm... More tentacles are slithering past them, exploring -- a h one ripples by them like a gigantic boa constrictor, prob the pallets of goods. It grabs a 50 pound bag of dog food Squeezes, exploding dry kibble all over the room. Other tentacles descend, mindlessly scarfing it up... David and Ollie are whining with effort and terror, the l door buckling and groaning from the pressure. Norm is gaz up at them, whimpering, head whipping from side to side a to deny that he's being eaten alive, moaning: 39.
14) 101) dialog: 
14) 110) dialog: Don't, David. Don't-hit him anymore. It doesn't solve anything.
14) 113) dialog: Good. Good. What's next? 41.
14) 119) dialog: We have to tell. them. The people in the market. Stop them from going outside.
14) 121) dialog: They have to.
15) 6) dialog: We expect you to back us up.
15) 8) dialog: Where do we start? How do we do this and not cause a panic?
15) 10) dialog: You're a local too.
15) 14) dialog: Okay, but do it quickly, David. We have to discuss how to stop those things from getting in here.
15) 16) dialog: Yeah. But the whole front of the store is plate glass. CAMERA PUSHES IN as they turn to stare at the windows (wh are fractured with large cracks, remember), their faces g slack as it sinks in how vulnerable they truly are.
15) 27) dialog: are watching David trying to convince Norton. From here, looks like the conversation's getting heated.
15) 42) dialog: Mr. Norton? What reason could we possibly have?
15) 55) dialog: No, he's not. I wish he were, but he isn't. Off Bud's look, Ollie turns and yells:
15) 60) dialog: Mr. David Drayton has something to tell you! You need to hear it in case you were planning on leaving! People gather. Amanda and the other women appear. Sally b Billy, the boy confused and rubbing sleep from his eyes,
15) 62) dialog: Fine, Bud, write down your names, but in the meantime, shut the fuck up. And listen. Bud reacts as if slapped, stunned that Ollie just spoke t him like that. Bud glances to David -- go ahead. David hesitates, all eyes now on him.
15) 72) dialog: You honestly think he’s hiding? Having a laugh at your expense? Is that what you truly think, Bud? ANGLE TO Amanda and Sally, Irene and Hattie. Sally's got arms protectively around Billy. Everybody waiting, listen
15) 83) dialog: (takes her elbow) That's enough now, Mrs. Carmody . That's just fine.
17) 2) dialog: What about the fourth? I guess that would make me a flat-out liar.
17) 4) dialog: Tell you what, Mr. Norton. Why don't you go out that door and around back? There's a big pile of return bottles Norm and I put out there this morning. You bring back one of those bottles...even one...I'11 take off my shirt and eat it.
17) 8) dialog: Leave it alone, David. You can't convince some people there's a fire even if their hair is burning. Denial is a powerful thing.
17) 35) dialog: That's fine, but until then, if you don't shut up, we'll wrap some of this tape around your mouth.
17) 38) dialog: Those of you who aren't locals should know that Mrs. Carmody is well known in town for being unstable.
17) 56) dialog: (ignoring him) I've done a lot of target shooting. I was state champion back in '94, David gives Ollie a look -- the little assistant manager full of surprises. Ollie takes the gun, loading and handl it with deft expertise. He cracks the cylinder, applies t speed-loader, shuts the cylinder with a flick of his wris 57.
17) 91) dialog: You want a knife? The biker lifts his shirt, reveals a buck knife in a scab
17) 98) dialog: {a whisper) They're doing good. Real good. -+-and suddenly the line is yanked taut. Davia screams as rope-burns through his hands, whipsaws erazily from side side in the door, goes still, starts whizzing out again. is holding on, getting dragged, Ollie grabbing him and tr to hold him back... FAINT, DISTORTED SOUNDS come wavering out of the Mist, we and surreal: distant hellish screams, somebody yelling, a snatches of words...
17) 105) dialog: You stare at something long enough, your eyes play tricks on you.
19) 15) dialog: There are things moving around out there.
19) 17) dialog: Shadows. Things in the mist. (off David's look) i'm not drunk. I've been trying, believe me. Wish I could. 1 thought my eyes were playing tricks, but Dan saw it too. So did Arnie Simms. Ollie tosses a careful look over his shoulder at Mrs. Car She's. sitting by herself, eating chicken Yavenously with hands, surrounded by bones like some cannibal queen.
19) 18) dialog: That woman is nuts, but she may be right about one thing...I think those things out there get more active when it gets dark. (checks his watch) Daylight's just about gone. David looks up, sees Billy and Amanda returning up the ai Billy carefully carrying a plate of chicken. David smiles sees the boy munching a leg.
19) 25) dialog: Maybe we should douse the--HOLY SHIT!
19) 40) dialog: 
19) 53) dialog: races down the aisles, yelling for people to get down, tr to get a clear shot at Bird #2 as it shrieks and flaps th the air. Somewhere, Mrs. Carmody is screaming, exultant:
20) 3) dialog: is watching over the injured as best he can, making do wi Slim over-the-counter resources. Joe has serious third-de burns, shivering and moaning under a furniture pad, half- conscious. The lady who got trampled has her broken arm i makeshift sling. A few other people have cuts and bruises David drifts from the gioom, joins Ollie. Buddy Eagleton there too, keeping vigil over his burned brother.
20) 14) dialog: We can't just do nothing while Joe dies.
20) 22) dialog: It's Joe. If we don't get him on some serious antibiotics, he'll die of infection. Plus he needs painkillers in the worst way. Pain’s So bad he's asking for the gun. . (off their grim looks) All we have here is aspirin and liquor.
20) 24) dialog: They've got Silvadene, the stuff they use in burn wards. Plus bandages, penicillin, oxycontin...
20) 45) dialog: I fired two. That leaves ten.
20) 48) dialog: He's right. The flakier people get, the better she's gonna look.
20) 57) dialog: With what? The Holocaust? Rwanda? The Inquisition? 9-11? Read the papers, Mike. As a species, we're fundamentally insane. You get more than two of us in a room together, we start dreaming up reasons to kill one another. Why do you think we invented politics and religion?
21) 15) dialog: We're not taking any chances, folks. At the first sign of trouble, we'll pop back into the market--
22) 0) text: Dan takes the lead, followed by David, Ollie, the others. truly is another world out here, silent, eerie as hell. CAMERA DRIFTS in slow and ominous ways, tracking our grou through the Mist as they move single file, weapons poised The market is lost within yards, gone in the Mist. The on thing they have to go by now is the walkway connecting th market and pharmacy. A trashcan looms by, and then: Dan Miller pauses up ahead. He's found the pharmacy door.
22) 5) dialog: I seem to be running out of hope, David. The Pharmacy is a scene of carnage, but even more than th it's been transformed into something beyond weird: it's l a white cave in here, walls and ceiling festooned with wh appears to be silk.
22) 12) dialog: Back there, I think. I can barely see for all this stuff. The silk is getting thicker the further in they go. They to the pharmacist's divided area, find the door open.
22) 15) dialog: Silvadene, perfect. Penicillin. See any Vicodin? Oxycontin?
22) 29) dialog: David! David, he’s dead! Let him go! They got his artery! And they drop Buddy right there on the pavement, running their lives, and as they get to the door of the market th look back and the last thing they see is Buddy's corpse g swarmed by spider-things, spinning their webs and grinnin their grins and mewling like cats...
23) 14) dialog: He died of his burns while you were asleep. We were too late. David absorbs this, glances up at Mrs. Carmody's voice.
23) 24) dialog: Yeah. Seems to be her growth stock. David struggles to his feet, still a bit woozy.
23) 27) dialog: You may have to reconsider. yu. They exit the aisle, find Myron LaFleur and Dan Miller wa Mrs. Carmody from a distance. David looks down toward the produce section, where: The crazy woman is leading her "service," working it like old-time fire-and-brimstone tent revival. People are crow around, others scattered about, as:
23) 51) dialog: What do you say we get out of this loony bin, David? David turns. doesn't want DLs
23) 53) dialog: I can quietly gather some bags of groceries together, hide them up at the checkstands by the door.
23) 57) dialog: The soldiers? Why, what's that gonna do?
23) 59) dialog: David, I'm not even sure I knew he was talking. The situation was a littie insane.
23) 134) dialog: No, David, no...we need you.. -Billy needs you, goddamn it...
24) 0) text: Deep silence. Thick gloom. The world outside is brighteni We find David sitting near the back of the store in a hal doze, his chin on his chest. His friends are all around h sprawled on furniture pads...some sleeping, some not. David rouses, glances to Ollie. Ollie looks at his watch, whispers one word:
24) 1) dialog: Dawn. David nods. The others start moving, sitting up. David carefully wakes Billy, whispers in his ear:
24) 3) dialog: Groceries are hidden at the first checkout stand. Five bags. We can grab them and be out the door.
24) 25) dialog: in a shooter's stance, Amanda's gun held in a two-handed smoke drifting from the barrel.
24) 28) text: BLAM! Ollie SHOOTS HER AGAIN, in the head. Her head snaps back, trailing blood through the air as she's spun around clutches one of the registers to stop from falling...but register tips and goes down with her as she hits the floo One last violent spasm, and that's it.. -dead as hell. People are backing away, stunned. Ollie jerks the gun at ready to kill him, but Jim drops his knife and retreats. also backs away. A WOMAN screams, starts sobbing:
24) 31) dialog: (wrestling with it) I...I killed her.
24) 35) dialog: Okay. Okay then. Let's go. They throw the door open...
25) 0) text: :--and we're plunged into it, things happening fast, HAND in the Mist: Ollie's running in front, pistol poised, the others sprea out behind him, footsteps clattering and echoing hollowly across pavement, David holding Billy tight to his chest.. Ollie gets to the car first, throws open the front and re doors on the driver's side, turns, yelling for them to co and suddenly a HUGE SHAPE materializes in the Mist behina Ollie as David screams a warning --
25) 5) text: Ollie's glasses are big in frame f£.g., one bloody lens c down the center, as the Scout pulls away...