12) 0) text: ..-and enters to find the store more crowded than he's ev seen it -- people clogging the aisles, long lines snaking the checkout counters. The cashiers are harried, totaling purchases by hand -- the registers are down. BUD BROWN (store manager) and OLLIE WEEKS (assistant mana are clipping receipts to the customers’ checks or cash, t them in a box. Both men are also bagging, helping out NOR THE BAG BOY, a skinny 18 year-old with stringy blond hair SALLY, a pretty teenage cashier, glances up and sees Davi entering.
12) 1) dialog: Hey, Mr. Drayton...
12) 3) dialog: Yeah. Half the staff didn't show, plus the power's out.
12) 5) dialog: Only for emergency lights and to keep the food cold. Everything else, welcome to the Dark Ages. Bring your checkbook.
12) 7) dialog: Heck yeah. I'm there. David moves to Ollie (wearing a bow tie), who's happy to a friendly face.
13) 47) dialog: Oh my God... People gasp. There's a MAN staggering across the parking toward the store, blood splashing from his nose down his shirt. People press toward the glass, watching In shock, The man almost falls once or twice, bursts into the store
13) 92) dialog: Aw, lady, wait... -.-but the blonde woman shrugs her off, pushes the door o steps out. People go to the glass, watching. The blonde woman takes a deep breath. Then another. The a does not seem poisoned. She moves slowly off through the growing ever more indistinct until... +++8he's gone. People stand at the glass, staring, too st or ashamed to speak. They start moving away from the wind
13) 98) dialog: Hey, Billy, it's gonna be fine. Okay? Want some juice or something, big guy? Billy buries his face miserably into David's neck, his vo still hitching with sobs, small and mffled: 28.
14) 0) text: David's on the floor with Billy's head in his lap. The bo sucking his thumb, eyes glazed with exhaustion and shock, half dozing. David's sick with concern, stroking the boy' hair. Across from them sit Irene, Sally the cashier, Aman Dumfries, and HATTIE TURMAN, an elegantly dressed woman.
14) 4) dialog: Yes ma'am.
14) 15) dialog: We got your back, buckaroo... ‘kay?
15) 73) dialog: (getting scared)
15) 82) dialog: Can't somebody make her shut up? ‘MRS... CARMODY Are you scared, dearie? No, not yet, but you will be. The End Time has come. The moving finger has writ, not in flames, but in mist. The earth has spewed up Hell's abominations, and when you see them face to face, oh then you'll be scared, yes, scared aplenty when they drag you off! You'll be with little Normy soon enough!
17) 0) text: CAMERA HERE IS HANDHELD, DRIFTING AND PROBING, always res always on the move: WE PULL BACK from DAN MILLER, a middle-aged man on a ladd taping the cracks in the glass with packing tape while Jo AND BUDDY EAGLETON (brothers) hold the ladder. Db. ANGLE DRIFTS BACK through a lot of activity -- bag after being laid down, more arriving from the back of the store while other items are also gathered and laid out: Mop handles. Cans of charcoal fluid. Knives. All imprompt defensive items. ANGLE FINDS Billy -- the boy's in plain of his father, being watched by Sally. Nearby, Norton is his "group," about ten people who have gravitated to his
17) 32) dialog: She had it coming! I'd have done it myself! Carmody singles Sally out, drifting ominously toward her.
17) 66) dialog: Yeah. Till next week. So I guess they're okay.
18) 0) text: "Lounge" is overstating things -- it's little more than a coffee room with a few lockers, a table and chairs, vendi machines, faded safety posters on the walls. CAMERA DRIFTS ominously, finding Sally. She's at her lock uniform hung up, gym bag at her feet, just pulling on her jeans. She seems very vulnerable in here ail alone. She gets her sneakers on, grabs her gym bag, heads for th exit, comes around the lockers -- Somebody's there. She stifles a scream, drops her bag. It's Jessup, the young soldier she was smiling at earlier the checkstands when he first came in.
18) 1) dialog: Wayne. Jesus. You scared the shit out of me.
18) 3) dialog: Barely. How about you?
18) 5) dialog: They're out of town right now.
18) 7) dialog: How soon you shipping out?
18) 9) dialog: You scared about going over there?
18) 11) dialog: Wayne? How come you never asked me out? We flirted all through high school. I know you like me. So how come you never asked me out?
18) 14) dialog: +--mo, don't be, it's just... (beat) Shit. I don’t want it to happen Tike this. Not in a shitty locker room at work. It's not exactly the way I always imagined it, y'know?
19) 33) text: Above him, more bugs are entering, climbing ovt across th barricade bags, taking to the air, swarming. People are r and screaming, trying to kill them with mop handles. . Amanda's in the thick of it, swinging a garden rake. She impales a bug in mid-air, slams it to the ground, whacks to pieces. She ducks as another bug whizzes past her head like a huge hornet, heading towara Sally...
19) 47) dialog: lies convulsing on the floor, the sting from the bug swel her neck up to twice its size, face and neck going black blue, dying horribly before our eyes, Jessup kneeling in helpless white-hot panic, grabbing her flailing hand...