1) 6) text: A room lit by many candles, providing a rich atmosphere o contrasting orange light and flickering black shadows. EIGHT CARDPLAYERS - male, four finely-attired, the other in military uniform - sit at a large table. A game in pro halts as the players look up as De L’Isle and Lemarchand enter. DE L’ISLE A moment, gentlemen, forgive me. Madame? A stunningly beautiful woman, emerging from the shadows a room’s end, moves to De L’Isle and Lemarchand. This is the PRINCESS ANGELIQUE. Dark, mysterious, exquisi DE L’ISLE Phillip Lemarchand - The Princess Angelique. Angelique extends her hand. Lemarchand - visibly struck b beauty - bends to kiss it. As he straightens, he finds hi the subject of a penetrating stare and a ravishing smile.
1) 7) dialog: Your fame precedes you, toymaker DE L’ISLE The Princess is your true patron, Lemarchand. The Box was conception, your employment her idea. Lemarchand places the Box in the hands of Angelique.
1) 9) dialog: I thank you, sir. And I pray your workmanship is as elega your tongue. Phillip glows in the warmth of her smile and her words. face falls, however, as she instantly turns to De L’Isle.
1) 10) dialog: (flatly, unsmiling) Pay him. She turns without another word and moves back into the ro leaving De L’Isle amused at Phillip’s obvious disappointm DE L’ISLE Never mistake your superior’s politeness for affection, toymaker. And never forget your place. The sound of a firmly closing door bridge the CUT TO
1) 14) text: Jacques fills glasses at a drinks-table. His secretive ey constantly scour the room - observing, recording, learnin At the card-table with Angelique, De L’Isle claps his han for attention and the Players look up at them. We get a clearer look at the Players now and some sense of their personalities; CORBUSIER - the natural leader. Rakishly good-looking. Sardonic smile. Cruel eyes. D’Artagnan with a bad attitud DELVAUX - De L’Isle’s age but fat, ruddy and libidinous. L’ESCARGOT - thin, pinched, and cold. Efficient and amora his next incarnation, an accountant at Auschwitz. DE CONDUITE - a dandy. An effeminate heterosexual. Knows about ladies’ fashions. Probably collects snuff-boxes. L’HIVER, PRINTEMPS, L’AUTOMME and L’ETE - young army offi earning the ways of the world from these decadent compani DE L’ISLE Gentlemen: A new game. Angelique holds the Box up to their collective gaze and h it to D L’Isle, who passes it on to Corbusier. A secret l passes between Angelique and De L’Isle - his full of expectation, hers full of promise. EXT. THE CHATEAU DU REVE NIGHT (CONT.
1) 19) dialog: It already has a name, sir. The Lament Configuration. And to being simple - It’s complexity, I wager, is beyond you skill.
1) 21) dialog: The Box looks solid, Gentlemen, but in skilful hands may unlocked and maneuvered. Pass it among yourselves. For ev successful stripping of its secrets... I shall respond in kind. To appreciative murmurs from the players, Angelique raise Box to her lips and kisses it.
1) 22) dialog: Now it is complete. Will you play, Sir? She proffers it to Corbusier, who takes it eagerly and be to manipulate it, searching for its secrets. The eyes of the players are fixed on his efforts - so th miss the secret smile that passes between Angelique and D L’Isle. And all of them are blind to the rapt attention o Jacques.
1) 25) text: Lemarchand’s jaw drops as he sees Angelique disrobe. (INTERCUT to Lemarchand at various points through the “ga
1) 32) dialog: Oh, there are always more secrets, sir. Always more surpr Now - will you talk or will you play? Viciously, Corbusier twists at the Box, seeking one more configuration... and finds it. The Box flies from his han the centre of the table - and begins to move itself.
1) 34) dialog: As I say. Always more secrets. But a wager is a wager... She begins to loose the catches of her corset. De L’Isle moves to stand with Jacque. INTERCUT the Box’s movements with the loosening of the co The Box clicks into a penultimate position and BLUE LIGHT glows bright from within it and through the seams at its sides. Lemarchand is shocked. The Box has secrets its maker didn suspect. Before he can see more, the drapes suddenly FALL against the window - as if something knows he’s watching. The players don’t notice; breath held, their eyes are on Angelique as she opens her corset to reveal herself... Her torso transforms - suddenly it is covered in a score SCREAMING MOUTHS and DEMONIC EYES that stare balefully ou into the room. Her FLESH RIPPLES in constant motion as if of impossible life! Instantly, the room is full of the AMPLIFIED SOUND OF DEM WHISPERS and bathed in BLUE LIGHT. Angelique’s skin takes blue tone and her eyes turn completely BLACK! The movemen her chest culminate in a GAPING WOUND that opens there! Amid CRIES OF HORROR AND FEAR from the cardplayers, the clicks into its final position, streaming BLUE LIGHT... ...and the room explodes into hellish and unnatural life! - The entire room TREMBLES as if caught in a quake - Unearthly WINDS explode up from the floor sending the c flames shooting upwards in powerful RED FIRE, casting NIGHTMARE SHADOWS on the walls. - Hellish RESTRAINTS shoot from the chairs, twisting arou the players’ limbs, trapping them in place. - Overhead, a LARGE WROUGHT-IRON CANDLEABRA hanging from ceiling moves into a new shape, its eight rococo arms straightening out into viciously SHARP AND POWERFUL LANCE The players look up in horror at what has become a killin machine overhead... ...and the CANDLEABRA falls from the ceiling, each of its eight arms heading unerringly for the body of a card-play CLOSE on the back and base of a chair as a SPIKE smashes through it, followed by a gush of BLOOD, as we SMASH-CUT
1) 42) dialog: The first of many, Sir. I found a rare talent in Lemarcha De L’Isle’s face becomes cold and imperious. DE L’ISLE Go to my room, Madam, and wait for me. Oddly, Angelique nods, turns and leaves. DE L’ISLE (to Jacques) He who summons the magic, commands the magic. A lesson, Jacques. Jacques nods in understanding.
1) 60) dialog: Toymaker . A beat. Angelique looks meaningfully to her side, indicat Genevieve’s presence.
1) 62) dialog: Forgive this unannounced visit
1) 64) dialog: Do I make you nervous? How delightful.
1) 66) dialog: And what work you do, Phillip. May I call you Phillip? (h nods) And you must call me Angelique. (a beat) Say it... (cont. ) She’s moved very close to him now. She’s almost whisperi
1) 67) dialog: (cont.) I want to watch your mouth make the shape of my n The light in the room seems to have DIMMED, to have coale around them, leaving the rest of the room LOST IN SHADOW. isn’t flirtation. This isn’t seduction. This is hypnosis. Lemarchand is almost dizzy, his fear forgotten.
1) 69) dialog: Good, Now we’re friends. I much prefer to do business wit friends.
1) 71) dialog: I was delighted. Transformed. I want more, Phillip. And s my masters. (off his look) Men and women of power. Ready reward genius. Gold. Fame. The smiles of fair women...
1) 73) dialog: Oh. Is that who that was? Well. Whatever. My point is thi can offer you a world which will appreciate a man of your skills.
1) 76) dialog: De L’Isle? (laughs) Forget him. An initial contact, that’ all. When I say “Power”, I mean real power. And when I sa “Reward”, I mean real rewards.
1) 78) dialog: Your caution is justified. You will hear strange stories see strange sights. But you are not in danger. You are my friend. She raises her hand to stroke delicately at his face...
1) 82) dialog: Yes?
1) 84) dialog: We shall make great things and see great wonders, you and (a beat) Tonight. The Chateau. A masked ball. Come. Meet patrons. Claim your future. She unlocks the door and opens it, revealing Genevieve. F beat, the two women star at each other. There’s a whole conversation in their eyes. And one of it’s polite. Angelique exits, leaving Genevieve staring at her husband EXT. LEMARCHAND’S COTTAGE AFTERNOON (MOMENTS LATER)
1) 85) text: As Angelique walks from the front door, she passes anothe figure heading to it. It is Auguste who, as the ettiquett the times demand, bows. Angelique acknowledges the bow but both stare at each oth curiously as if recognising in the other some kind of enm and, as Auguste walks on to Lemarchand’s front door, we C IN on Angelique’s eyes drilling into his back full of a d and threatening promise. INT. LEMARCHAND’S WORKROOM AFTERNOON
1) 136) text: .. into a very dimly-lit room with very little furniture. a small table is the Box, a few candles burning around it circular rug sits in the centre of the floor Angelique’s there, holding a thin wand connected to a bir mask in front of her face. Her mask and costume are black featured, reminding us of the bird that watched Auguste d Lemarchand bows courteously. She places her hand on his a and moves in very close to him.
1) 137) dialog: I knew you’d come. You’re a brave man, Phillip.
1) 139) dialog: Then the world is full of fools.
1) 141) dialog: No. The promise is everywhere. Success is limited only b desire. The wise man sees that. The brave man acts on it.
1) 143) dialog: Be brave... She’s irresistible. Their mouths meet in a deep slow kiss Suddenly, THREE GUESTS in a drunken gavotte spill in from ballroom, nearly colliding into them. One of them spies Angelique’s face. We recognise the voice behind the mask
1) 151) dialog: A true magician never forgets the rules. A summoned demo yours to command forever - unless you stand in hell’s way Hell needs this man. And I no longer need you... She grasps De L’Isle by the throat and hoists him impossi high with one hand... and effortlessly flings him more than thirty feet to SMAS through a glass window at the far end of the room! Almost as an afterthought, she clicks her fingers... and magically, the huge curtains gathered up to each side of the window unfurl and close over the shattered glass. Lemarchand rises to his feet as she moves toward him.
1) 152) dialog: Dancing with another. Do you toy with my jealousy, Philli (laughs) Lemarchand isn’t laughing. He backs away from her... and the painted pattern of the Pentagram. Angelique freezes on the edge of the pattern. It’s clear can’t - or won’t - enter. She smiles beguilingly and hold arms out to Lemarchand.
1) 153) dialog: I confess, sir, your kiss has confirmed the promise of yo eyes. I burn for you, my love. Come to me.
1) 155) dialog: Well. To commerce. You have a talent. I have a fortune. S your terms.
1) 157) dialog: Think again, Sir. Lemarchand’s silence is eloquent
1) 158) dialog: Neither pleasure nor fortune persuades you? Then we must something else. She clicks her fingers as she did before. Instantly, the closed curtains fly open with a flourish l the curtains of a theatre... and they don’t give on to a shattered window but to an IMPOSSIBLY LONG CORRIDOR disappearing into a dark distanc And from it into the room comes the Troupe of Clowns. Two Acrobats blow discordant trumpets and two more beat bass drums. Lemarchand stares in shock and fear as the Clowns produce their knives and smile their maniac smiles. Suddenly, one of the Acrobats frees his Bass Drum and rol swiftly at Lemarchand. It hits his feet, falls to its sid ... and reveals that it’s made of HUMAN SKIN - and, in th middle, still hideously recognisable, are the STRETCHED A
1) 160) dialog: And what do you think now, sir?
1) 162) dialog: What do you mean? As he answers, Angelique’s face clouds in fury and suspic
1) 173) dialog: (off) Child? Suddenly, Angelique and the Gamblers are in the room! Del and Corbusier grab Genevieve and drag her to her feet. Despair crosses Lemarchand’s face and he finally dies.
1) 176) dialog: The careful kind. Phillip Lemarchand can have no child. H bloodline must die with him lest his genius be reborn and turned against us.
1) 178) dialog: Believe me, I can. Fingers bent into claws, she moves toward Genevieve... Suddenly De L’Isle hurtles into frame, seizing Angelique! With the advantage of surprise and momentum, he propels b himself and the Princess into the Pentagram where, before of the Gamblers can react, he shouts out a Latin revocati DE L’ISLE Exeunt Omnia Malefica! All the Gamblers devolve instantly into HUMAN-SHAPED TOWE WORMS, each a mass of pink and brown writhing shapes whic drop to the floor, where their wrigglings are overtaken b collective transformation into LUMPS OF PRIMAL OOZE... which, in turn, become PILES OF DRY DUST which, seized by supernatural wind, are swept away into nothingness. Simultaneously, Angelique SCREAMS... and EXPANDS, her bod MORPHING impossibly into a huge mass of DEMONIC EYES and SCREAMING DEMONIC MOUTHS - an even more nightmarish versi the revelation she gave the gamblers the previous night! There is a BLINDING FLASH OF LIGHT... And suddenly, Genevieve is completely alone in the room. Still holding her husband’s Box and completely freaked ou all she has seen, she turns and flees.
1) 182) text: SERIES OF CLOSE-UPS: A hand lights many candles. The Pent is sprinkled with salt. An ancient-looking book is opened page of Latin manuscript. Latin words are intoned monosyllabically. And there is a burst of light... and Angelique is back within the Pentagram. She looks startled, glancing round the room, confused. Jacques, the apprentice, is standing outside the pentagra is he who has staged the ritual.
1) 184) dialog: You? You summoned me?
2) 0) text: ... and suddenly the BLACKNESS is replaced by a RAPID MON OF IMAGES. At first, the images are familiar - it’s like a fast-forw through the story we’ve just seen: The Box, Nightmare Clo Zombie Gamblers, Angelique’s face, etc. Then others are a to the mix - - a half-glimpsed CENOBITE BEAST, terrifying but shadowed - a GRANDMOTHER (vaguely familiar - like Genevieve at 75) looking down as if speaking to a child’s POv.
2) 16) text: The ante-room is now decorated as a modern-day living ro Jacques and Angelique are there. Angelique, unchanged by centuries, is as beautiful as ever Jacques, too, looks the same but there is a terrible corr decadence in his eyes. He is sitting at a table messily finishing a greasy meal. Angelique watches in disgust.
2) 17) dialog: Do you know what I loathe about you most?
2) 19) dialog: Master. It’s your lack of ambition. Have you sought power Influence? Fame? No. You... Jacques has a last swallow, belches, and interrupts.
2) 40) text: .. CLOSE on a magazine cover with a photo of John in the lobby of a building. We saw the lobby at the end of Hellr III. The massive murals that cover the walls are all base the Lament Configuration. Cover-copy over the photo reads Nouvelle Décor Americain: John Merchant et su Chef de 1’Oeuvre. PULL BACK to reveal Angelique holding the magazine. She i staring, stunned, at John and the lobby. Her fingers trac over the cover.
2) 41) dialog: (to herself) At last. A purpose. A reason... Her reverie is interrupted by the sound of Jacques’ entra She lays the magazine down and looks across at him.
2) 42) dialog: I’m restless. And you’re bored. Why don’t we take a trip?
2) 44) dialog: That was in 1949! I think we should see America.
2) 46) dialog: Then I would like your permission to go by myself.
2) 48) dialog: Short and to the point. Is that your final word?
2) 50) dialog: Good. There’s something in how she said that that gets Jacques’ attention. He looks at her searchingly.
2) 51) dialog: You remember De L’Isles’s mistake? The one you said you’d never make? A smile is blooming on Angelique’s face. Jacques’ jaw dro His eyes flick nervously from side to side.
2) 54) dialog: You’re blubbering like a little boy, Master. (pause) Act age. And he does. With a snap of her fingers, Jacques suddenly BEGINS TO AGE - a second for every year he has lived. Wit moments, he is a wrinkled, toothless, rheumy-eyed old man
2) 56) dialog: A summoned demon is yours to command forever. Unless you in Hell’s way. Hell’s game is afoot in America. I’d send post-card, but... The process continues. Jacques is impossibly ancient - 15 years old, 180, 200...
2) 58) dialog: you won’t be around to read it. For a second, the 230-year old Jacques stands staring in horror at Angelique, and then finally collapses, crumblin the floor like a long-dead corpse!
2) 72) text: Ma’am - Do you have your... ? Angelique’s concentration is broken for a second. She sta angrily at the Valet and pushes him aside.
2) 79) dialog: Do we really need to know each other’s names?
2) 81) dialog: Aren’t you excited by mystery?
2) 83) dialog: In here.
2) 85) dialog: No. I’m just following my instincts.
2) 87) dialog: Do you like games?
2) 89) dialog: Almost. Close your eyes. Trust me. Sharpe closes his eyes. Angelique presses her hand agains pillar and PUSHES THROUGH THE SOLID CONCRETE, the stone crumbling into grey dust around her probing hand! ANGLE ON SHARPE, eyes still closed.
2) 91) dialog: You can look now. Sharpe opens his eyes. Angelique is holding her hand out to him. Resting in her is the Box.
2) 92) dialog: Time to play another game. INT. MERCHANT’S APARTMENT, BEDROOM NIGHT
2) 101) text: Sharpe is sitting cross-legged on the floor, working the with intense concentration. Angelique is behind him, rubbing his shoulders in encouragement.
2) 102) dialog: I have such sights to show you. Mysteries. Wonders... The Box suddenly flies from Sharpe’s hands and he watches surprise as it completes its movements.
2) 104) dialog: Now. Angelique straightens up and stands back... WHOOOSH! The chains fly from the Box and rip into Sharpe’ flesh as he SCREAMS in agony. The basement is suddenly flooded in supernatural blue lig and a space opens ahead of them, a shadowed space seeming give onto vast regions beyond... Emerging from the shadows comes PINHEAD, the Black Pope o HELLRAISER I, II & III, back-lit, stately, but terrifying And he’s not alone. SOMETHING prowls in the shadows behin Pinhead, pacing back and forth like a caged predator Something big, vicious, and hungry. We can’t see it clear yet (and won’t for another few scenes) but its barely gli presence is horrifying enough.
2) 106) dialog: Things seem to have changed. I was expecting my Clowns.
2) 108) dialog: I’m in favour of efficiency, Demon. But I can’t abide dullness. Pinhead looks around the pretty dull basement space.
2) 110) dialog: Come with me.
2) 114) dialog: A man did this - but the Box called him. Called to his bl Pinhead is hardly listening, lost in the movements of the panels as if waiting for something...
2) 115) dialog: His ancestor made the Box. And would have unmade all of u killed him... The panel moves into a new pattern. Pinhead stares, excit
2) 116) dialog: but failed to kill his offspring. Now I fear his genius i reborn. as, for a brief moment, BLUE LIGHT crackles over the pan - and then disappears as the pattern moves on. Pinhead looks at Angelique contemptuously.
2) 118) dialog: Merchant must die before he proves you wrong.
2) 120) text: Angelique looks round the lobby.
2) 121) dialog: A Lament Configuration? On this scale?
2) 123) dialog: Using Merchant is playing with fire. Pinhead raises an eyebrow.
2) 129) dialog: You’ve no idea what a pleasure it is to meet you. Again.
2) 131) dialog: Oh yes. This is all very good. You’re the one we’ve been waiting for. John reacts to this echo of the phrase we’ve heard his Grandmother say in dreams.
2) 133) dialog: A friend, I hope. A client, I’m sure. John stares at her as she reaches the framed cat’s-cradle design. For an all-but-subliminal FLASH, she looks differ her hair and makeup more like her 18‘ Century self. Angelique takes a quick breath at the sight of the design if there’s something disturbing or dangerous about it.
2) 134) dialog: This is yours?
2) 136) dialog: May I see it?
2) 138) dialog: Then let me be the first. It’1ll be our secret. John - under the same kind of hypnotic sway his ancestor was with this women - clicks on the computer on his desk 3-D SIMULATION comes onto the monitor It looks like an art-installation in a gallery space. The faces of the Box are set at various angles.
2) 142) dialog: Sometimes a few seconds are more than enough, toymaker
2) 144) dialog: You think you don’t remember. But your blood knows. Let i remind you. And suddenly the image in front of John TRANSFORMS. Ange remains precisely where she is but she is dressed in the of the 18‘ century and the room around her is not John’s office but the ante-chamber of the Chateau Du Reve. John blinks and the image dissolves back to the present.
2) 146) dialog: You know me from dreams, John Merchant. John Lemarchand. have a history together. We have a destiny together Angelique’s manner is as hypnotically seductive as it was Phillip centuries before, the room’s lights fading around John has to fight a spinning head to answer.
2) 148) dialog: You think your work on the building was an accident? It c to you, John. She crosses the room to him, her beautiful eyes never lea his face. She strokes his cheek.
2) 149) dialog: We have great work to do. I shall be in touch. She turns and leaves, John staring after her incredulous fascinated.
2) 159) dialog: Not any more.
2) 161) dialog: Arrangements have been made.
2) 163) dialog: (interrupting) You’1l have to leave. My colleague and I are in conferenc Colleague? Valerie looks deeper into the room... In the far shadows, we suddenly sense another brooding presence. And sounds come faintly - disturbing sounds, li the rattling of chains. Valerie looks back at Angelique, at the secret amusement her face. The atmosphere is increasingly uncomfortable.
2) 164) dialog: Perhaps we can deal with this tomorrow? Valerie pauses, then nods her head nervously. Screw this. She’s got a kid to get through school. She doesn’t need a trouble. She backs out of the room..
3) 4) text: Angelique and Pinhead stand in the shadows. Somewhere bey them, we hear the impatient prowling of the Beast.
3) 6) dialog: All but in my grasp. Pinhead sneers in dismissive impatience.
3) 8) dialog: Your Hell has forgotten not only chaos and laughter but t slow delight of temptation.
3) 11) dialog: I will have Merchant! She exits...
4) 2) dialog: (to herself) And I will have Hell. My Hell!
4) 11) dialog: You’re the one we’ve been waiting for.
4) 13) text: CLOSE on Angelique standing in the night. CLOSER still on eyes, narrowing in concentration as if projecting thought
4) 15) dialog: Whatever you want... Whatever you want... Whatever you wa - The camera PANS from the lovers to find an 18‘ century AUTOMATON (like those Lemarchand made): A beautiful woman courtseys and bows her head. As she lifts it again, the f is suddenly TERRIFYING and DEMONIC! A jarring, startling RINGING SOUND! INT. MERCHANT’S APARTMENT, BEDROOM DAWN
4) 19) dialog: (on phone) Good morning, toymaker John spins half-out of bed to sit on the side, pressing t phone tight to his ear. Bobbi, left back on her side of the bed and excluded from call, stares at John’s back, troubled. We can now only hear John’s half of the conversation, whi gives nothing away.
4) 28) dialog: Yes you do. Her eyes lock on his. Her gaze is challenging and invitin John stares at her, lost in her beauty, her sexuality, he blatant availability.
4) 29) dialog: Whatever you want... John reacts to this echo from his erotic dream. She smile
4) 30) dialog: Were we good together? A beat.
4) 32) dialog: I knew we would be. I’ve always known. She takes his arm and leads him further into the gallery. INT. MERCHANT’S APARTMENT DAY Bobbi, supporting an over-filled laundry basket, is at t apartment door talking to Jack, who is on the floor worki a model kit with profound seriousness.
8) 6) dialog: So young. So tender. So ripe.
8) 8) dialog: Get your hands on the console, toymaker. You have work to
8) 10) dialog: My colleague told you what to do?
8) 12) dialog: Don’t.
8) 14) dialog: Make the Elysian Configuration instead. John, genuinely confused, looks at Angelique but, before can elucidate, Pinhead appears at the far end of the lobb Pinhead is grinning in triumph. He walks towards them. As reaches the centre, Angelique speaks to John.
8) 15) dialog: The toymaker’s design! The lights! I know they’re here. John looks rapidly from her to the walls, to the corners, the reflective points on the surfaces and then keys an en into the console. His finger hovers over the “enter” key. looks at her. Why should he do what she wants? She raises hand toward Jack’s neck in threat.
8) 16) dialog: Do it!! John hits the key. LIGHT-BEAMS shoot out from points in the wall faces, jett in toward the centre of the lobby! A sudden wave of suspicion washes over Pinhead’s face. The BEAMS meet, EXPLODING into a DAZZLING CORUSCATION! Angelique, stepping well back to near the lectern and awa from what’s happening, grins in double-cross victory. Pinhead ROARS in anger and fear. Suddenly, he tips his he way back - and a CHAIN flies from out of his mouth, jetti straight toward the ceiling! The hooked chain anchors itself into the ceiling - and PI flies upward along it at incredible speed, like a spider sucking itself back up a web-strand!
8) 17) dialog: 
8) 19) dialog: It burns!! It burns!!! John hugs Jack tightly to him.
8) 23) dialog: The bloodline! Kill it!! Pinhead swings round, getting Jack in his eye-line... ». and Jack is suddenly grasped by an arm and pulled tigh a cradling body! It’s Bobbi - and she’s got the Box in her hand. Straighte up and shielding Jack, she holds the Box forward, moving
20) 19) text: We are in the living quarters end of Paul’s cabin. And so Pinhead, the Beast and the Cenobites. This is our first clear look at the other two Cenobites: is brand-new, A SIAMESE-TWIN CENOBITE joined at the side the head and at the lower chest and the hips. The other is Angelique. Though her face and figure are st beautiful, she has been “Cenobitised”: Like all Cenobites is bald and blue-skinned and her individuality has given to the leather-and-mutilation uniform of Pinhead’s troops She looks at the living quarters, at Paul’s deliberate 18 century look. We see her recognise the style - and the bloodline’s taste.
20) 20) dialog: Toymaker...
20) 21) text: No time for games. Merchant has a plan. He mustn’t exerci it. Kill them all. Pinhead, the Beast, and the Siamese-Twin move out through room to the corridor. Angelique lingers a moment, taking these reminders of her past - the furnishings, the pictur the automata. Her hands trail over an object or two, her beneath their Cenobite coldness, helplessly nostalgic.
25) 15) dialog: Help me. Please help me... Carducci scans the room quickly, on guard.
25) 17) dialog: No. Not now. But they’re everywhere. I’m so afraid... Carducci can’t help it. He’s a professional. But there’s beautiful woman pressing herself to him. He relaxes his b and puts his arms round her...
33) 1) dialog: If Merchant is finally playing again, the stakes must be
36) 0) text: into the Pen. Suppressing a shudder at the CORPSE of Parker, he scans the area... and sees the Box. He picks it up, turns to leave... and sees Angelique in the blasted doorway!
36) 3) dialog: Please. Go ahead. If you think it will do any good. Edwards runs his fingers listlessly over the Box. He pres at it a few times as if looking for hidden buttons. Nothi His arms drop hopelessly and he starts to sob.
36) 5) dialog: Thank God for men of reason. (to the Siamese-Twin) Finish She turns and walks away, not even watching as Edwards fa to his knees sobbing in fear The Siamese-Twin towers over him and SPLITS.
37) 0) text: The only sounds in the flight-deck are the hum of the mechanisms and the sound of Paul’s tense breathing. And then there’s another sound... The sound of demonic feet approaching. Paul looks up from the console. Angelique has entered, ho the Box. Their eyes lock, each recognising and acknowledg their bizarre history.
37) 1) dialog: Building bigger toys than ever
37) 3) dialog: I know what it is. Don’t use it. I saw your room. The pas means as much to you as it means to me. We can reclaim it Together. Paul looks at her. For a second, the same magic that work John works on him and he has a FLASH-IMAGE of her human s in 18 century costume. Beautiful. Alluring. He blinks it away. His face sets grimly.
40) 4) dialog: Fly us back to your world, toymaker. No end of games ther
40) 8) dialog: A gift to our chattering friend. You know how fond he is female meat.
45) 0) text: Paul isn’t. CLOSE on his face, stiff with tension. PULL BACK to reveal why - The viciously-barbed tips of several of Hell’s Hooked Cha are hovering inches from his face and body, taut and sway like steel King Cobras waiting to strike! A cruel smile illuminates Pinhead’s face as he stares at Paul looks at another monitor providing entry-bay date. T words POD-LAUNCH are flashing. He signs in relief - and t looks up at Pinhead and Angelique.
45) 4) dialog: What? Paul steps out from another part of the room entirely. He the remote-control in his hand.
47) 0) text: Pinhead, Angelique, and the Siamese-twin all stagger as i suddenly weakened dreadfully. The Box falls to the ground Angelique’s slackened grasp.
51) 0) text: Pinhead ROARS at Paul - and from his open mouth a CHAIN f toward Paul... and hooks into his chest. Paul grunts in pain... But then grasps the chain, yanks it, and pulls Pinhead toward him! The two enemies grasp each others arms, wrestling and fighting, somehow keeping their balance in the wildly- careering deck when Angelique and the Siamese-Twin are kn helpless to the floor. Pinhead and Paul scream to be hear the cacophony.