1) 44) text: CLOSE ON a human arm, as a scalpel slices it and a pair o hands peel the flesh back, revealing the musculature bene WIDEN TO REVEAL a big room, its floor sawdust-covered and blood-soaked, and full of tables on each of which are SHE COVERED CORPSES. At one table, sleeves rolled up and working hard at his dissection, is AUGUSTE DE MARAIS, a 30 year old professor science and philosophy. He has no students with him but o his friend Lemarchand. Auguste is smiling broadly, having heard Lemarchand’s story. (Auguste continues his efficient preparation of the corps throughout their conversation)
1) 47) dialog: This is the eighteenth century, not the dark ages. The wo is ruled by Reason. We’ve even got rid of God. And if the no Heaven then it follows, reasonably, that there is no H
1) 49) dialog: Very well. Suppose for the sake of argument that what you happened, happened. A Box that opens the doors of Hell mu able to close them.
1) 53) dialog: Then the solution lies - literally - in your hands. You designed a machine that you fear can bring forth demons.
1) 55) dialog: Then design a machine that can destroy them. As Auguste bends down to the difficult (and two-handed) t of pulling the corpse’s rib-cage open, Lemarchand stares his friend, his eyes suddenly excited.
1) 85) text: As Angelique walks from the front door, she passes anothe figure heading to it. It is Auguste who, as the ettiquett the times demand, bows. Angelique acknowledges the bow but both stare at each oth curiously as if recognising in the other some kind of enm and, as Auguste walks on to Lemarchand’s front door, we C IN on Angelique’s eyes drilling into his back full of a d and threatening promise. INT. LEMARCHAND’S WORKROOM AFTERNOON
1) 86) text: Lemarchand is gathering up his new sketches, ripping the and trashing them. Auguste’s voice stops him before he re the finished design.
1) 87) dialog: What are you doing?
1) 89) dialog: Never enter politics, Phillip. Your skill at lying is particularly poor. Auguste seats himself. He notices a BLACK FEATHER on the floor, looks briefly puzzled, and then looks at his frien
1) 90) dialog: You had a visitor.
1) 92) dialog: Yes. I rather thought it must have been. (beat) Since we spoke, I have heard many whispers in town of the disappea of eight gamblers.
1) 94) dialog: I’m an atheist, not an idiot. Evil is real, whether it we horns and shakes a trident or flutters its eyelashes and turns the heads of poor craftsmen.
1) 96) dialog: Good. (off Phillip’s surprised look) The good man must kn his enemy. Must look it in the face and understand it. Auguste stands up and heads for the door
1) 97) dialog: I shall meet you there tonight. And tomorrow we shall bot meet the day with new evidence and new understanding. He leaves. Lemarchand watches him and then looks to his w bench, staring at the cat’s-cradle design. EXT. WOODS NEAR PARIS LATE AFTERNOON.
1) 98) text: Auguste walks through a deserted wood. The sunlight has strange quality - pregnant with darkness, ready for twili A large BLACK BIRD flies and lands on a high branch. It s to be staring at August... Auguste turns into a clearing and suddenly there is a WHO of sound and a FLURRY of movement! Auguste starts back with a gasp. The movement resolves in ACROBAT tumbling through the air in a cartwheel dive and landing upright, grinning madly, a foot in front of Augus LAUGHTER and APPLAUSE draw Auguste’s eyes forward: Stretched between two trees is a painted-sheet backdrop. Before it, a TROUPE OF CLOWNS, the traditional figures of century Commedia Dell’Arte: HARELQUIN, COLUMBINE, PIERROT PULCINELLA, and THE SURGEON, with four ACROBATS. Their costumes are even more exaggerated and bizarre than norma they all have strange half-smiles, as if they posess a se knowledge. Or are close to the borders of sanity. The Surgeon - a comically grotesque short man with tiny glittering eyes and an absurdly full beard - walks forwar
1) 100) dialog: Comedians? Here? On the branch, the Black Bird observes the action.
1) 102) dialog: I have no idea. I, however, should be. I have a class to teach.
1) 104) dialog: (nods) I am Auguste de Marais, Philosopher
1) 106) dialog: With respect, I have no time to discuss the relative virt of men’s careers. To where do you wish to be directed?
1) 108) dialog: You are but a mile away. Clear the wood and you shall see
1) 110) dialog: I thank you. But you must excuse me.
1) 112) dialog: I assure you. There is no need.
1) 115) dialog: Enough! Let me go!! Shocked, Columbine and Harlequin put their fingers to the lips. One of the acrobats stuffs a small red ball in Augu mouth to keep him quiet. The Black Bird keeps watching as the show continues. Harlequin confers silently with the Surgeon, now on stage Surgeon, sympathetic, offers one of his knives. Harlequin looks at the knife, at Auguste, shakes his head. The Surg produces a duelling pistol from his pocket. Harlequin sha his head. The Surgeon tries again and produces a lobster some cheese. Harlequin gives him a look. The Surgeon has bright idea. He points to the sheet backdrop. Harlequin n excitedly and gestures to the two acrobats holding August The Acrobats lift Auguste up into the air, his stifled CR OF DENIAL coming from behind the ball-gag. A drum-roll and a flourish of a-tonal trumpets... Harlequin and the Surgeon each grasp a side of the sheet. The Acrobats swing Auguste through the air... once... twi The backdrop sheet is whipped away... revealing a HUGE MAW OF HELL! Denying physical reality, i tretches back into a dark infinity like an impossible tun ened between dimensions. Circular, ribbed, and pulsing, i esembles a GIANT OESOPHAGOUS. The mouth/entrance is a blu errifying activity - hundreds of long sharp objects rotat ildly like the blades of some VAST ORGANIC THRESHING MACH fatnow-: The Black Bird beats its wings and flies from the branch. uguste is hurled directly at the maw, muffled SCREAMS OF ORROR coming from his mouth, limbs twitching in protest xr> The Troupe LAUGH and APPLAUD as we SMASH-CUT TO BLACK EXT. LEMARCHAND’S COTTAGE NIGHT
1) 136) text: .. into a very dimly-lit room with very little furniture. a small table is the Box, a few candles burning around it circular rug sits in the centre of the floor Angelique’s there, holding a thin wand connected to a bir mask in front of her face. Her mask and costume are black featured, reminding us of the bird that watched Auguste d Lemarchand bows courteously. She places her hand on his a and moves in very close to him.