2) 2) text: and we TRACK OUT of the SCREAMING MOUTH of JOHN MERCHANT. It’s 4 a.m. and John blinks his nightmare away as his wif BOBBI, clicks on a bedside light to reveal a modern-day apartment bedroom.
2) 3) dialog: Honey? You okay? Another dream?
2) 6) text: the bedroom of JACK, their seven-year-old, who, woken and disturbed by his father’s screams, is sitting on his bed. Bobbi and John rush over to him, Bobbi comforting him wit embrace while John looks apologetically distressed.
2) 7) dialog: There, there, sweetie. It’s okay.
2) 9) dialog: And dreams can’t hurt you, darling.
2) 25) dialog: You look terrible.
2) 27) dialog: I’m worried. You should see someone.
2) 29) dialog: As often? As bad? (John shakes his head) It’s your goddam grandmother.
2) 31) dialog: She was a weird woman. All those stories. How important y family is. How important you are. She put stuff in your m John.
2) 33) dialog: I don’t want you haunted. I don’t want you hurt.
2) 35) dialog: (smiling proudly) Then you shouldn’t be so good.
2) 37) dialog: Right. That’s why of all the buildings in the country, yo was voted the best. Bobbi picks up a magazine from the table and throws it to
2) 67) dialog: (to Jack) C’mon, honey. She helps Jack to his feet and begins to lead him away.
2) 69) dialog: we’re getting the car, sweetheart. Daddy wants to leave. ANGLE ON John, still confused and disoriented. He puts a to his forehead to shield his eyes. What’s happening to h Suddenly, his eyes lock on a face in the crowd - a face t unlike every other in the room, is staring directly at hi It’s Angelique. John stares at this beguiling, smiling woman in confusion is she? Where does he know her from? Angelique’s mysterious knowing stare doesn’t falter. Fina John looks away to mumble into the mike.
2) 93) text: John lies asleep with Bobbi, who is propped up looking at with a concerned expression. John’s faces twitches slightly and his eyes move in REM. Camera TRACKS into his face and DISSOLVES TO... INT. LIVING ROOM, MID-1960'S (JOHN’S DREAM-MEMORY )
2) 97) text: John’s eyes jerk open in panic. Before he can scream or c out, Bobbi is there - stroking his brow, kissing his face holding him.
2) 98) dialog: Honey, I’m here. I’m here. It’s okay.
4) 17) dialog: What time is it? Who the hell is that?
4) 33) dialog: Mommy’11 be five minutes, honey. Okay?
4) 37) text: The Laundry-room - a bank of washing machine, a table, co of plastic chairs, and a bank of dryers - is empty. But a Bobbi goes through the routine - opening two washers, loa them, counting her quarters, sprinkling the powder - the creepy atmosphere that we felt in the corridor continues. Suddenly - THWAP! THWAP! THWAP! - a terrible beating soun fills the air. Bobbie jumps and cries out. What is it? Through the window, we see a PIGEON. The sound is merely wings beating against the glass. It flies off. Bobbi sighs and continues. But the edgy atmosphere remain feel as if there’s a presence on the edges of our senses, something watching and waiting. Something malign. Perhaps it’s the shadows in the room. Do they move at the corner of our vision? The feeling persists. A sense of imminence. Something is going to happen. Something bad. Bobbi hits the start button and straightens up. She glanc round the room again. Nothing. She’s being silly. And the glances upwards, as if thinking. Suddenly she’s certain..
4) 38) dialog: (fearful whisper) Jack... and she’s gone. Ignoring the basket, she’s out the room.
4) 40) text: The neon flickers as Bobbi runs to the door to the stairs
4) 42) text: and hurtles up the one flight to their apartment floor SOUNDS SWELL on the soundtrack - a BANGING like an angry on an apartment wall and a MUFFLED VOICE raised in anger And something else. A LOW HELLISH RUMBLING on the very ed perception - like a distant echo of unimaginable machines indescribably vast and inexpressibly malicious. Bobbi heaves open the door to their corridor, runs out... INT. CORRIDOR TO MERCHANT’S APARTMENT DAY (CONT. )
4) 45) dialog: Jack! only that of her child. She opens the door INT. MERCHANTS’ APARTMENT DAY (CONT. )
4) 47) dialog: Jack? Jack!! Terror mounting, the Blue Light playing across her face, heads for the other room... Only to stop as Jack walks out into the doorway. Bobbi do take time to notice the strange, stunned look on his face
4) 48) dialog: Jack! Thank God. Come here.
4) 49) text: I can’t, mommy. He won’t let me. One of Jack’s arms is stretched out back into the room an Bobbi moves forward and the angle changes, we see why. Pinhead is holding the boy’s hand! Bobbi SCREAMS as the demon smiles cruelly at her
4) 50) dialog: Get your hands off him!
4) 53) dialog: Give him to me!! Please, please!!
4) 55) dialog: What?! Just tell me what you want!! Pinhead looks from her to Jack and back. He smiles.
4) 67) text: John rushes round the apartment. No signs of disturbance. no Bobbi. And no Jack. He cries out to the empty room...
4) 71) text: Bobbi and Jack crouch on the floor of the office, their breaths visible in the supernaturally cold air. Bobbi hug Jack protectively in the pool of light, while in the threatening shadows beyond, we hear the padding and the prowling of the half-seen circling Beast which guards the The Box still sits on the table. Jack points at it.
4) 82) text: For a moment, all John can see is the intense Blue Light. is resolves. Ahead of John, still on the floor, are Bobbi Jack. John starts to rush forward...
4) 84) dialog: John, don’t! John staggers to a halt, shocked and scared.
4) 95) dialog: John. Your dreams. Your grandmother. It’s all true. All t You mustn’t do this. You can’t let more of these things i the world! Pinhead’s mocking laughter rings out as John looks at his and child, at the monsters beside them.
4) 100) text: As Bobbi steadies Hack, John slams the door closed, yanki down the bar-lock. A HOOKED CHAIN instantly splinters through the wood!
6) 1) text: Bobbi is rushing down a different stairwell. Below her, a rushing padding sound and the ROAR of the Be
6) 2) dialog: No! That’s impossible! ! Apparently not. She turns round and runs up, terror-stric reaching the door to the top floor and smashing it open.
7) 0) text: Bobbi runs down the corridor, glances over her shoulder.. The Beast bursts onto the floor, howling for blood, its s terrifying, its appearance worse! SCREAMING, Bobbi pushes open the door of the office-suite
8) 1) text: : and slams it behind her. She shoves the table up again the door and stands back, looking round helplessly. SLAM! ! The Beast smashes against the door from the other The impact sends the Box careering down the table toward Bobbi. SLAM!! It hits again. The door begins to splinter Bobbi’s eyes flick from the Box to the door and back. She snatches up the Box... just as the Beast comes smashing through the door to land on the table and rush down its length toward her Bobbi holds the Box up in front of her... and the Beast s Still terrifying, still powerful, it waits, hesitant
8) 2) dialog: Does this pathway work both ways? Her fingers work feverishly at the Box. It starts to move and the Beast, baring its teeth in a blood-curdling HOWL, leaps forward, hurtling through the air in attack-mode...
8) 24) dialog: Go play with your dog, you bastard! The Box flies from her hand, spinning and turning through positions, and hits the floor
8) 27) dialog: The Box has to stay in our family, Jack. It must never ge away from us. And it must never be opened. Never. We can’ even destroy it until we know it’s safe. Your dad didn’t the whole story. Neither do I. But we’re going to find ou sweetheart. I’1l help you. You’1l grow up knowing everyth And so will your children. And their children. And one da family will be ready. Ready to put things right in a time to come... As Bobbi talks, the camera TRACKS in on Jack’s completely attentive face as it absorbs what his mother is saying. C and CLOSER until Jack’s eye fills the frame and we fall i the BLACKNESS of his pupil in ECU...