18) 0) text: An airlock door opens... and we TRACK in suddenly to the FIGURES that come rushing into the entry bay. Four of the MILITARY - uniformed, armed, and masked. The other two ar civilians. EDWARDS, bureaucratic and embittered, is a male governme administrator. The other civilian is CHAMBERLAIN, a young looking scientist. The military is headed by CARDUCCI, a wiry and grizzled n bullshit professional. His tough-looking squad are RSCOE powerful very tall female), RIMMER (female), and PARKER (male). Edwards, Chamberlain, Carducci and the soldiers (arms at ready, scanning the area) walk into the large arrivals ar Hewn with rock, it’s as much a cavern as it is a room. (NB: PRODUCTION NOTE: This area and all the areas (mainly corridors) that are not function-specific have a half-fin laser-blasted look to them. There are grooves in the wall the rock where corridors and walkways were blasted throug Unless specifically described otherwise, everywhere on th Minos is rock, not steel or wood or plaster.)
18) 3) dialog: How the hell do they do this?
20) 0) text: Paul’s face stares out from behind bars at Edwards and Carducci.
20) 4) dialog: Dangerous how? Paul looks from one to the other. Can he tell them? Would believe him? He has to chance it
20) 6) dialog: (to Edwards) Well, that solves that mystery. What went wrong on the Mi Dr Merchant went out of his fucking mind. INT. PAUL’S CABIN/HOLDING PEN ANNEXE, MINOS
21) 0) text: Edwards and Carducci are talking while Paul observes them behind bars.
21) 2) dialog: How much clearer can I be? Parker and Rimmer haven’t radi in. They’re missing. Paul closes his eyes in dread.
21) 7) dialog: (to Paul) Your work-area.
21) 9) dialog: That’s your call. I’m going to notify Roscoe and Chamberl to proceed with caution. Carducci exits. Edwards crosses to talk to Paul directly.
25) 9) text: Carducci is at the bottom of the staircase, staring in ho at what’s left of Parker and Rimmer. He flicks open a tiny intercom.
25) 10) dialog: Roscoe? Where are you?
25) 12) dialog: Can’t raise Chamberlain. Don’t know what the fuck’s going But shoot first. You copy?
25) 16) dialog: What’s happened? Are they here? Angelique stands up. Carducci crosses to her. Doing a per imitation of a pre-feminist damsel-in-distress, Angelique throws her arms round this big strong man and presses her helpless self to him for protection. They are standing in front of the still-open mirror-door.
25) 18) dialog: Hey, it’s okay. Everything’s okay. and Angelique suddenly pulls them both backwards. She slips from his arms but keeps tight hold of one of his ha and steps back through the mirror, emerging on the other as her Cenobite self! Carducci is halfway through the mirror. It seems while sh hold of his hand, he too can pass magically through as if mirror were liquid... Unfortunately, she lets go. And Carducci is suddenly SCREAMING IN AGONY. The mirror once-again-solid - and he’s on either side of it! Angelique swings the mirror shut - and one half of the perfectly-bisected Carducci slides smoothly and bloodily the mirrored glass.