18) 0) text: An airlock door opens... and we TRACK in suddenly to the FIGURES that come rushing into the entry bay. Four of the MILITARY - uniformed, armed, and masked. The other two ar civilians. EDWARDS, bureaucratic and embittered, is a male governme administrator. The other civilian is CHAMBERLAIN, a young looking scientist. The military is headed by CARDUCCI, a wiry and grizzled n bullshit professional. His tough-looking squad are RSCOE powerful very tall female), RIMMER (female), and PARKER (male). Edwards, Chamberlain, Carducci and the soldiers (arms at ready, scanning the area) walk into the large arrivals ar Hewn with rock, it’s as much a cavern as it is a room. (NB: PRODUCTION NOTE: This area and all the areas (mainly corridors) that are not function-specific have a half-fin laser-blasted look to them. There are grooves in the wall the rock where corridors and walkways were blasted throug Unless specifically described otherwise, everywhere on th Minos is rock, not steel or wood or plaster.)
18) 4) dialog: It’s pretty straightforward. Tractor-beams capture a suit small asteroid and then Meta-Lasers form the structures f the rock itself. It’s actually cheaper than building from scratch.
18) 6) dialog: WZ-474's? They should have been wired in months ago. All stuff... (glancing round) He’s done nothing he’s supposed
24) 1) text: This is the room where Corinne and Paul worked on the satellite alignments. We now see more of the room. It’s t electronic heart of the Minos - a large space full of hum data banks and pulsing generators. Wires, conduits, and f optic cables run everywhere from machine to machine. Chamberlain is at a large Systems-Analysis Monitor, on wh blueprint-like diagrams of the Minos flash across the scr
24) 2) dialog: (to himself) He’s done nothing. Nothing... In the distance beyond him, unseen by him, a FIGURE moves eerily between the “doorway formed by two generators! Chamberlain keeps scrolling through the data base.
24) 3) dialog: And what the hell are these satellites? Suddenly, a SOUND from somewhere behind him. Chamberlain in shock and swings round.
24) 4) dialog: Hello? Nothing. Cocking his head, Chamberlain moves out into the room. He begins to walk through the machinery. Because of stacking and positioning of the banks and the generators, place has a maze-like feel of many intersecting small walkways. Chamberlain makes his way down the walkways. An eerie atmosphere descends. There are SOUNDS and FLEETING SHADOW everywhere in this place. Is something in here with him? begins to look over his shoulder often. His tread becomes quiet and cautious. He turns a corner. At the end of the walkway, a vaguely h shaped shadow. Very slowly, he moves toward it... to find nothing but a pile of boxes, stacked unevenly in such a way that they cast a misleading shadow. Chamberlain exhales in relief.
24) 5) dialog: Shit... He turns back into the walkway he left - and is suddenly to faces with the Siamese-Twin, Cenobite!
24) 6) dialog: What the... ?! The creature suddenly and instantly SPLITS IN Two, its tw selves springing apart and one of them sweeping past Chamberlain! Chamberlain stands between the Twins, terror on his face. The Twins speak, alternating words as if they are still o