18) 0) text: An airlock door opens... and we TRACK in suddenly to the FIGURES that come rushing into the entry bay. Four of the MILITARY - uniformed, armed, and masked. The other two ar civilians. EDWARDS, bureaucratic and embittered, is a male governme administrator. The other civilian is CHAMBERLAIN, a young looking scientist. The military is headed by CARDUCCI, a wiry and grizzled n bullshit professional. His tough-looking squad are RSCOE powerful very tall female), RIMMER (female), and PARKER (male). Edwards, Chamberlain, Carducci and the soldiers (arms at ready, scanning the area) walk into the large arrivals ar Hewn with rock, it’s as much a cavern as it is a room. (NB: PRODUCTION NOTE: This area and all the areas (mainly corridors) that are not function-specific have a half-fin laser-blasted look to them. There are grooves in the wall the rock where corridors and walkways were blasted throug Unless specifically described otherwise, everywhere on th Minos is rock, not steel or wood or plaster.)
18) 2) dialog: Jesus...
18) 5) dialog: Cheaper until some crazy SOB takes it on an unscheduled t Stacked everywhere are crates and unopened boxes. Chamber reads the stencil-stamp on a crate.
18) 7) dialog: Then what has he been doing?
18) 12) dialog: Former administrator of the Minos. I’m Edwards, your successor. Corrinne opens her mouth to speak. Edwards raises a perem hand to silence her.
18) 13) dialog: Here’s what I know. The Minos is Merchant’s baby. Six mon ago, he was ordered to hand it back to the government. He the whole crew home except for you and him. And then he t the whole goddam station out of orbit and headed into dee space. We’re taking it back and we’re installing Dr Chamberlain here as his replacement. It’s going to be cal It’s going to be cool. It’s going to be clean. (beat. To Carducci) Fan ‘em out, Dooch. The Soldiers move out at a trot into the Station.
18) 15) dialog: (interrupting) The only reason you’re not under arrest is because my bleeding-heart self doesn’t want to screw up your pension From this moment until you’re back on Earth, you do two things: answer my questions and follow my orders. Got it? Corinne nods, staring distressed at the disappearing sold
20) 0) text: Paul’s face stares out from behind bars at Edwards and Carducci.
20) 2) dialog: Actually, we do. We’re keeping you out of the goddam way we find out what the hell you’ve been doing here.
21) 0) text: Edwards and Carducci are talking while Paul observes them behind bars.
21) 1) dialog: What do you mean?
21) 4) dialog: What are you saying?
21) 6) dialog: Quiet!
29) 0) text: Corinne is over with Edwards. Paul is still in the cell.
29) 1) dialog: Give me a break.
29) 3) dialog: Let him out? I should put you in there with him! People m be dying out there!
29) 5) dialog: Well, excuse me. Obviously, it’s our fault. Corinne sighs. Enough argument.
29) 7) dialog: We're not doing anything. I’m the administrator and I... Corinne half-turns, as if she can’t listen anymore - and swings back and DECKS Edwards with a powerful right hook
30) 0) text: Paul, Corinne, and Edwards run along a corridor. They rea three-way crossroads and stop.
30) 2) dialog: This is insane!
35) 0) text: Edwards walks into the annexe. He stares in shock at the blasted reinforced-door and the bloodstains and bones tha all that remains of Rimmer and walks through...
36) 1) dialog: Oh no... Angelique walks into the Pen - and the Siamese-Twin follo Edwards looks from them down to the Box in his hand.
36) 2) dialog: He... he told me what to do. Angelique’s face creases in contemplation as she looks at man. She thinks she’s got his number
36) 4) dialog: It’s... a box. It’s just a box. He lifts it and flings it half-heartedly at Angelique. Her hand rises and catches it expertly.