0) 0) text: RUN TITLES over a series of EXTREME CLOSE-UPS: A pair of human hands working delicately on tiny cogs and machinery. A human eye grotesquely expanded though a magnifying glas A tiny screwdriver tightening a tiny screw. Intricate internal mechanisms of silver, gold and jewels. INTERCUT with shots of beautiful and intricate automata; A Monkey-Musician in blue and gold livery holding a violi A Harlequin holding the hand of a coy Columbine. A silver-faced clown perched on a trapeze. The TITLES end. WIDEN to reveal the workshop of PHILLIP LEMARCHAND lit by candlelight. The automata stand on wood shelves which line the room along with plans and drawings At the workbench, Phillip - handsome, 30, obsessed by his craft - is hunched over his work, keeping us from seeing Super-imposed: THE OUTSKIRTS OF PARIS 1784 There’s a strange atmosphere. Perhaps it’s the CRAZY SHAD thrown by the flickering candles. Perhaps it’s the sound the WIND in the midnight darkness outside. Perhaps it’s t amplified HEARTBEAT of Phillip. Something gives an edge t scene. We’re waiting for something to happen. With a cry of triumph as something clicks into place, Phi sits back on his chair, his latest creation in his palm. We recognise the object of black wood and filigreed gold LAMENT CONFIGURATION, a hell-summoning Box from HELLRAISE The workroom door opens and Phillip’s wife GENEVIEVE ente Mid-20’s and beautiful, she is in her nightdress.
0) 1) dialog: Is it done?
0) 5) dialog: (smiling) Are you brilliant?
0) 7) dialog: What does it do? Proudly, Lemarchand manipulates the Box through various positions until, at a certain point, the mechanisms withi seem to take over and it moves itself into the final swas like configuration familiar from the previous films ... and remains sitting on Lemarchand’s hand. No chains, hooks, no blue lights, no screams of pain or pleasure. The interested smile on Genevieve’s face falters.
0) 8) dialog: Oh. (beat) It doesn’t actually do anything, then?
0) 10) dialog: I meant no offense, Phillip. I’m sure it’s terribly intri It’s just... dull. I prefer your acrobats and lovers. Laughing disarmingly, she crosses to the shelves and acti some of the older automata. The monkey musician begins to at his fiddle. Harlequin kisses Columbine, who hides her behind a fan. The Clown swings over and around his trapez Lemarchand, far from placated, is standing and fastening cloak around himself.
0) 14) dialog: Now!? Why?
0) 16) dialog: The appointed hour - Midnight! Aristocrats... (cont.)
1) 2) dialog: (off) (cont.) ... Such strange people. The door is opened by JACQUES, a 19 year-old servant-cum- apprentice to the Chateau’s owner - who stands behind him powdered and periwigged DUC DE L’ISLE. De L’Isle’s age is hard to determine beneath the layers o white powder that cover his face but the red and rheumy e and spidery limbs suggest he is at least in his late 50'’ From somewhere in the house, a clock tolls midnight. DE’L’ ISLE Lemarchand. As precise as your pieces, as timely as your Enter, enter. Lemarchand steps over the threshold...
1) 58) dialog: (off) Phillip? A visitor. Lemarchand looks up from his desk to the door. Genevieve there and, beside her, Angelique - at the sight of whom Lemarchand barely manages to conceal his gasp.
1) 80) dialog: (of f ) Phillip? Phillip? CLOSE on the other side of the locked door - and Geneviev playing with the handle, concerned. Inside, the mood changes instantly. Angelique moves back briskly into the room - which is suddenly brightly-lit ag everything back to normal - and heads for the door Lemarchand, head still spinning, calls after her
1) 118) text: Lemarchand, eyes open, is lying with his arm around Gene who is asleep. A beat, and he takes his arm away, slips quietly from the bed, and begins dressing in the semi- darkness. He hasn’t got far before Genevieve sits up in bed.
1) 120) dialog: (interrupting) You’re as automatic as one of your toys! She turns your k and you perform!
1) 122) dialog: I know what she means for us!
1) 124) dialog: It isn’t that! It isn’t just that. It’s that place. Those people.
1) 127) dialog: A son?! Because that’s what I’m going to give you, Philli son. A beat. He stares at her, anger replaced by incredulous happiness. He clambers on the bed to fling his arms round wife, who is somewhere between laughter and tears at the strength of his reaction.
1) 129) dialog: No! You belong here! With me. With us.
1) 131) dialog: No. No!
1) 147) text: The camera roams, moving to the workbench - where we see the cat’s-cradle design - and round to reveal Genevieve. she scan’s the room, looking at Phillip’s designs and sketches, she is putting on a cloak. Her face is set ina determined mask. She’s going to fetch her husband back
1) 167) text: Genevieve pauses in the unlit hallway, unsure of where to She sees a faint light coming from a room in the distance
1) 169) text: Genevieve creeps into the room, still lit by the oil-lamp apparently empty except for a bundle of rags on the floor which suddenly murmurs her name.
1) 171) dialog: No! No! Phillip! Genevieve falls to her knees, cradling her poor husband’s in her arms. Panic crosses what’s left of Lemarchand’s fa He presses the Box into her hands.
1) 174) dialog: Phillip!! (sobs) Angelique moves to Genevieve, sadistic triumph on her fac
1) 175) dialog: What kind of monster are you?!
1) 177) dialog: No! You can’t!
1) 179) text: As Genevieve turns into the street, she is startled by th Derelict. He goes into his usual rap.
2) 0) text: ... and suddenly the BLACKNESS is replaced by a RAPID MON OF IMAGES. At first, the images are familiar - it’s like a fast-forw through the story we’ve just seen: The Box, Nightmare Clo Zombie Gamblers, Angelique’s face, etc. Then others are a to the mix - - a half-glimpsed CENOBITE BEAST, terrifying but shadowed - a GRANDMOTHER (vaguely familiar - like Genevieve at 75) looking down as if speaking to a child’s POv.
54) 3) text: : and we see the Box is resting on the hand of Phillip Lemarchand in his workshop in 18" century France. The door opens and Genevieve enters in her nightdress.
54) 4) dialog: Is it done?