1) 4) text: into the hall - candle-lit, its outer reaches lost in shadow. There’s an impression of decay beneath the finery bright light would probably show peeling paint and cobweb De L’Isle’s eyes glitter as he looks at the Box in Lemarchand’s hand. Beckoning, he leads him across the hal toward a room. DE L’ISLE Come. Someone is eager to meet you. Lemarchand follows, his manner nervous. He is a middle-cl artisan in the house of an aristocrat. Jacques closes the door and looks at Lemarchand and De L’ as they walk away. There is a look in his eyes - covetous ambitious, and secretive.
1) 14) text: Jacques fills glasses at a drinks-table. His secretive ey constantly scour the room - observing, recording, learnin At the card-table with Angelique, De L’Isle claps his han for attention and the Players look up at them. We get a clearer look at the Players now and some sense of their personalities; CORBUSIER - the natural leader. Rakishly good-looking. Sardonic smile. Cruel eyes. D’Artagnan with a bad attitud DELVAUX - De L’Isle’s age but fat, ruddy and libidinous. L’ESCARGOT - thin, pinched, and cold. Efficient and amora his next incarnation, an accountant at Auschwitz. DE CONDUITE - a dandy. An effeminate heterosexual. Knows about ladies’ fashions. Probably collects snuff-boxes. L’HIVER, PRINTEMPS, L’AUTOMME and L’ETE - young army offi earning the ways of the world from these decadent compani DE L’ISLE Gentlemen: A new game. Angelique holds the Box up to their collective gaze and h it to D L’Isle, who passes it on to Corbusier. A secret l passes between Angelique and De L’Isle - his full of expectation, hers full of promise. EXT. THE CHATEAU DU REVE NIGHT (CONT.
1) 40) text: CLOSE on the Box as it clicks back into its normal posit WIDEN to reveal the room. The Players’ chairs are vacant, or two fallen over as the only testimony to what took pla Jacques is looking at De L’Isle, his face vilely excited. DE L’ISLE Are you not apprenticed to a great magician, Jacque?
1) 134) text: Lemarchand enters the Ballroom, a space of smoke and laug and the chink of wine-glasses. MUSICIANS play. Jacques se drinks. There are sixteen guests, eight men, eight women. are elaborately MASKED but the eight men seem familiar - are the GAMBLERS. Lemarchand, startled by the grotesque masks and drunken laughter, moves through the ballroom, looking for Angeliq He sees movement through a connecting door and walks through...
1) 182) text: SERIES OF CLOSE-UPS: A hand lights many candles. The Pent is sprinkled with salt. An ancient-looking book is opened page of Latin manuscript. Latin words are intoned monosyllabically. And there is a burst of light... and Angelique is back within the Pentagram. She looks startled, glancing round the room, confused. Jacques, the apprentice, is standing outside the pentagra is he who has staged the ritual.
1) 183) dialog: Welcome, Princess.
1) 185) dialog: And he who summons the magic, commands the magic. You bel to me. Forever. Angelique’s face falls. Have her great ambitions come to
1) 186) dialog: And I will never make De L’Isle’s mistake, Princess. Coun that. He begins to laugh as he draws her from the Pentagram and strokes her face in proprietory lust.
2) 16) text: The ante-room is now decorated as a modern-day living ro Jacques and Angelique are there. Angelique, unchanged by centuries, is as beautiful as ever Jacques, too, looks the same but there is a terrible corr decadence in his eyes. He is sitting at a table messily finishing a greasy meal. Angelique watches in disgust.
2) 18) dialog: (between mouthfuls) “Do you know what I loathe about you most, master?”
2) 20) dialog: Shut up. Angelique falls silent.
2) 21) dialog: Do the dishes. Angelique waves a hand. The grease-stained plates and cup suddenly sparkling-clean and neatly stacked on the table.
2) 22) dialog: (putting a cigarette in his mouth) Light me. Another wave. The cigarette tip glows magically into life Jacques takes a deep satisfying drag and looks at her
2) 23) dialog: Goo. Now get down on your hands and knees and ask me to h you. And ask nicely. Angelique’s enraged eyes don’t stop her body from doing a it’s told. Jacques smiles cruelly as he crosses toward he
2) 43) dialog: We took a trip. India.
2) 45) dialog: Screw America. All they want to talk about is how they wo war for us.
2) 47) dialog: No.
2) 49) dialog: Yes.
2) 52) text: You seem tense. In need of relaxation. Why not ask me to something vile and degrading? That usually works. Jacques’ fear grows.
2) 53) dialog: Angelique... I... please...
2) 55) dialog: No! No, please! It hurts!!
2) 57) dialog: Aaargh!!!!