18) 0) text: An airlock door opens... and we TRACK in suddenly to the FIGURES that come rushing into the entry bay. Four of the MILITARY - uniformed, armed, and masked. The other two ar civilians. EDWARDS, bureaucratic and embittered, is a male governme administrator. The other civilian is CHAMBERLAIN, a young looking scientist. The military is headed by CARDUCCI, a wiry and grizzled n bullshit professional. His tough-looking squad are RSCOE powerful very tall female), RIMMER (female), and PARKER (male). Edwards, Chamberlain, Carducci and the soldiers (arms at ready, scanning the area) walk into the large arrivals ar Hewn with rock, it’s as much a cavern as it is a room. (NB: PRODUCTION NOTE: This area and all the areas (mainly corridors) that are not function-specific have a half-fin laser-blasted look to them. There are grooves in the wall the rock where corridors and walkways were blasted throug Unless specifically described otherwise, everywhere on th Minos is rock, not steel or wood or plaster.)
18) 8) dialog: (looking at the dank rock) Letting this place go to hell. A door opens and Corinne walks over to them. She takes in military and then addresses Edwards.
19) 3) text: Rimmer and Parker walk along an opressive, dimly-lit corr They reach the door to Paul’s cabinand the Holding Pen An Rimmer tries the handle. Locked. She looks questioningly Parker. He shrugs.
19) 4) dialog: Investigate all areas. That’s what they said. Rimmer leans back and delivers a shoulder-slam to the doo opens.
20) 7) text: Parker and Rimmer make their way down through the cabin t annexe. Parker gestures to the pen-monitor
20) 10) dialog: My God! Fuelled by outrage, he hurtles down the stairs, levelling weapon at the reinforced door BLASTS of ENERGY smash into the huge door and BLOW IT APA Rimmer, much nearer the door and nearly caught in the bla throws herself aside.
20) 12) dialog: Where are the children? Rimmer appears in the wrecked doorway.
20) 14) dialog: What the hell’s this? Both register the SHATTERED METAL FRAGMENTS of the robot littering the floor around the Box.
20) 15) text: (of f ) The remnants of a most unsatisfying victim. Parker and Rimmer start in shock as Pinhead emerges from shadows. Movements from all around add to the terror as t other Cenobites shuffle in the darkness.
20) 16) dialog: (simultaneous/ad-1ib) Oh my God... What the fuck... Sweet suffering Christ... (
25) 9) text: Carducci is at the bottom of the staircase, staring in ho at what’s left of Parker and Rimmer. He flicks open a tiny intercom.
36) 0) text: into the Pen. Suppressing a shudder at the CORPSE of Parker, he scans the area... and sees the Box. He picks it up, turns to leave... and sees Angelique in the blasted doorway!