2) 107) dialog: Hell is more ordered since your time, Princess. And much amusing. His tone carries a hint of disapproval at this figure fro Hell’s past. It’s already clear that these two aren’t goi like each other.
2) 109) dialog: Then why are we here?
2) 113) dialog: The Box did this?
2) 117) dialog: You’ve been away too long, Princess. Fear is for humans.
2) 119) dialog: He’1l die. But not yet. Imagine that panel frozen in the position of a moment ago. This isn’t a room - it’s a holo waiting to wake itself.
2) 122) dialog: A vast and permanent gateway to the fields of human flesh
2) 124) dialog: How entirely appropriate. EXT. MERCHANT’S DESIGN STUDIO DAY An old warehouse district yuppified into a design area. O the buildings house John’s design studio.
2) 166) text: closing the door in front of her. She turns and heads do to the elevator. Halfway, something makes her look back. She GASPS. The area by the office-suite door is suddenly as if blackness is bleeding from the room into the corrid And then she hears the sound of the door opening... and she’s rushing to the elevator and hitting the button. The elevator doors open and she runs in, only then turnin look back... She SCREAMS. The BEAST that prowled in the shadows behind Pinhead earlier is in the corridor by the office door. Se human but four-legged, it’s like something the scientists Cenobite Central made as a joke from what was left of a m and what was left of a dog after a particularly nasty car crash. Valerie jabs frantically at the first-floor button. For a frozen second the Beast - whose eyes are only black and who locates its prey by smell and sound - “stares” do the corridor at her. Then it launches itself. Its speed i terrifying. Braying like a hyena, its hurtles impossibly forward defying all laws of gravity, running up and down walls, across the ceiling, over the floor
3) 4) text: Angelique and Pinhead stand in the shadows. Somewhere bey them, we hear the impatient prowling of the Beast.
3) 5) dialog: Where is Merchant?
3) 7) dialog: I’d have what was left of his mouth begging to work for u now!
3) 9) dialog: I’ve harvested more souls than you could dream of and the suffering is with me always. That is a slow delight. Angelique turns angrily and heads for the door. Pinhead s back to her.
3) 10) dialog: Your methods are outmoded, Angelique. Hell is mine. Adjus or... Angelique turns back in the open door and interrupts.
4) 4) text: Pinhead looks at the closed door, amused. He steps furthe forward into the room and stands, concentrating. Slowly, supernaturally, the space around him changes in nature. The light alters, the shadows shift... The room f like A CHAMBER OF HELL, a place whose shadows seem to giv to unseen vistas from where terrible SOUNDS emanate. The Beast prowls the perimeters of the room. Other CENOBI are halfOglimpsed in the blue shadows. Like a general adressing his troops or the Pope bringing Cardinals up to speed, Pinhead addresses them.
4) 5) dialog: I grow impatient with the Princess. Human acquiescence is obtained as easily by terror as by temptation...
4) 49) text: I can’t, mommy. He won’t let me. One of Jack’s arms is stretched out back into the room an Bobbi moves forward and the angle changes, we see why. Pinhead is holding the boy’s hand! Bobbi SCREAMS as the demon smiles cruelly at her
4) 51) dialog: Young. Unformed. What appetites I could teach him. what endless hungers he could learn. Bobbi rushes forward. Pinhead jabs a forbidding finger
4) 52) dialog: Stay!
4) 54) dialog: You suffer beautifully. But we’re here for business, not pleasure.
4) 56) dialog: I want bait. Live bait.
4) 87) dialog: I understand. You love this boy. You have plans for him. and dreams. A whole imagined future where you love him an watch him grow.
4) 89) dialog: Then first you must complete your work. Or, though the ch will not die here, for a thousand years his dearest wish be that he had.
4) 91) dialog: (interrupting) Do I look like someone who cares what God thinks?
4) 93) dialog: (gestures at table) Look at that Box. A pathway to Hell made by an ancestor o yours. Both John and Bobbi stare at the Box and then at each oth John’s dreams. His Grandmother’s claims. Not so crazy.
4) 94) dialog: The panel downstairs? Potentially a bigger pathway. You w help it fulfill its promise.
8) 21) dialog: (to John) You’re as dangerous as she said you were. No more games. Pinhead flicks his head toward little Jack - and a hooked chain comes flying at the boy! John launches himself forward, shoving Jack aside...
8) 25) dialog: No!! The Box clicks into place... . and Pinhead and Angelique are SUCKED into it, screaming their frustrated rage. Bobbi pulls Jack tight to her and crouches down... .. as the whole lobby begins to SHAKE and SHUDDER. EXPLO of LIGHT and SOUND fill the frame as Hell reclaims everyt of its own: The Box is still open - and it’s pulling the and murals into itself! Suddenly - with a final explosive WHITE-OUT - all is sile and still and Bobbi and Jack are alone in the denuded and devastated lobby with the closed Box. CLOSE on the Box. TRACK OUT...
16) 1) text: The Pen is transformed into a vision of Hell. A cold blue place of deep shadow and terror. The Chatter-Beast is not alone. Two other CENOBITES prowl shadows. We can’t yet see them clearly. An ARCHWAY OF BLUE LIGHT seems to form on the far wall of Pen. The Cenobites cease their prowling and watch... as Pinhead makes his entrance. Pinhead stalks elegantly into the centre of the Pen. He glances round, registers the shattered robot, the Box, an then his eyes go unerringly to the wall-mounted camera... INT. PAUL’S CABIN/HOLDING PEN ANNEXE, MINOS - THAT MOMENT
16) 3) dialog: (on monitor) Merchant. I know you’re watching. We’d almost given up wa for you to play. Corinne’s face is an ashen mask of horror
20) 15) text: (of f ) The remnants of a most unsatisfying victim. Parker and Rimmer start in shock as Pinhead emerges from shadows. Movements from all around add to the terror as t other Cenobites shuffle in the darkness.
20) 17) dialog: Still - you’re here to change all that, aren’t you? A brief, imperious gesture of the demon’s head... and a METALLIC FRAGMENT, jaggedly pointed like a badly- made Shuriken, suddenly rises up from the wrecked robot spinning fast and furiously as if by magic... and then HURTLES ACROSS THE ROOM! Before he can even react, it slams into Parker - SLICING HIS FACE OFF!! He falls to the ground... and Rimmer has the sense to turn tail and run... ... but she trips on the jagged edge of the blasted door falls to the ground. She swings herself round and half-si - just in time to see the Chatter-Beast launch itself fro darkness and land on her, its terrible jaws slashing, snapping, and slavering!
20) 19) text: We are in the living quarters end of Paul’s cabin. And so Pinhead, the Beast and the Cenobites. This is our first clear look at the other two Cenobites: is brand-new, A SIAMESE-TWIN CENOBITE joined at the side the head and at the lower chest and the hips. The other is Angelique. Though her face and figure are st beautiful, she has been “Cenobitised”: Like all Cenobites is bald and blue-skinned and her individuality has given to the leather-and-mutilation uniform of Pinhead’s troops She looks at the living quarters, at Paul’s deliberate 18 century look. We see her recognise the style - and the bloodline’s taste.
20) 21) text: No time for games. Merchant has a plan. He mustn’t exerci it. Kill them all. Pinhead, the Beast, and the Siamese-Twin move out through room to the corridor. Angelique lingers a moment, taking these reminders of her past - the furnishings, the pictur the automata. Her hands trail over an object or two, her beneath their Cenobite coldness, helplessly nostalgic.
26) 0) text: Roscoe is still moving through the flight deck. She’s alo until a door at the far end opens and Pinhead walks in. Roscoe’s jaw drops. But training tells. She assumes a fir position and shouts a warning.
28) 0) text: Roscoe grabs at the grill, shoves it back into place, and presses her body back into shadow while leaning her head enough to see through the cross-hatched metal of the gril ROSCOE’S POV DOWN THROUGH GRILL: Nothing. Nothing. Nothi and then Pinhead walks into view. Roscoe holds her breath. Pinhead keeps walking. Not looking up. He’s nearly past t grill... And then he stops. Pinhead’s head tilts up a little, as if sensing something and the he moves on out of view. Roscoe breathes gain.
31) 0) text: The Cenobites, Pinhead leading, move along in implacable rhythym while the Dog-Beast scurries and slides, weaving around and about the others. As the monsters pass, the space behind them DARKENS as if are dragging endless night in their wake.
33) 0) text: A set of double-doors is smashed open from the other side Pinhead stalks into an area where two corridors meet. His monstrous troop flows in behind him. As before, BLACKNESS follows them, all light vanishing as they pass.
33) 2) dialog: His gamble is trusting other players. Pinhead looks down as the Chatter-Beast. He points an imperious arm down one of the corridors.
33) 3) dialog: Fetch! The Beast takes off at incredible speed. Angelique and th Siamese-Twin go after it. Pinhead goes the other way.
37) 5) dialog: How the centuries pass. I’ve thought often, down those lo days, of the pleasures we have prepared for you.
37) 7) dialog: In a manner of speaking. Your ancestors have been there b you. The Labyrinth still rings with the echoes of their a - Lullabyes for the Children of the Worm. Paul looks at the monitors. Two more satellites are showi the LOCKED signal.
40) 2) dialog: I think not. Your bloodline may end but the game goes on forever. Four hundred years your family has played. A lon time? No. The blink of a suppurating eye to He Who Dwells The Deep.
40) 6) text: Want to play here? Well, you won’t be playing with this. She holds out the Box. Pinhead smiles. Paul doesn’t.
40) 7) dialog: Good. The woman?
45) 0) text: Paul isn’t. CLOSE on his face, stiff with tension. PULL BACK to reveal why - The viciously-barbed tips of several of Hell’s Hooked Cha are hovering inches from his face and body, taut and sway like steel King Cobras waiting to strike! A cruel smile illuminates Pinhead’s face as he stares at Paul looks at another monitor providing entry-bay date. T words POD-LAUNCH are flashing. He signs in relief - and t looks up at Pinhead and Angelique.
45) 2) dialog: Let’s see how much of a comfort that is to you when the Maggots are eating your eyes. From the inside. Paul’s eyes suddenly become fixed and cold. Like gunfight in a spaghetti western, Paul and Pinhead stare at each ot
47) 0) text: Pinhead, Angelique, and the Siamese-twin all stagger as i suddenly weakened dreadfully. The Box falls to the ground Angelique’s slackened grasp.
47) 1) dialog: 
49) 0) text: Pinhead looks over at Paul, horror-struck
49) 1) dialog: What have you done?! What is it?!
51) 0) text: Pinhead ROARS at Paul - and from his open mouth a CHAIN f toward Paul... and hooks into his chest. Paul grunts in pain... But then grasps the chain, yanks it, and pulls Pinhead toward him! The two enemies grasp each others arms, wrestling and fighting, somehow keeping their balance in the wildly- careering deck when Angelique and the Siamese-Twin are kn helpless to the floor. Pinhead and Paul scream to be hear the cacophony.
51) 1) dialog: In Hell, I’1l teach every one of your nerve-endings to sc separately!
53) 0) text: A SMASH-CUT to Paul and Pinhead as, all around them, the disintegrates. A frozen second for Paul’s last line...