18) 0) text: An airlock door opens... and we TRACK in suddenly to the FIGURES that come rushing into the entry bay. Four of the MILITARY - uniformed, armed, and masked. The other two ar civilians. EDWARDS, bureaucratic and embittered, is a male governme administrator. The other civilian is CHAMBERLAIN, a young looking scientist. The military is headed by CARDUCCI, a wiry and grizzled n bullshit professional. His tough-looking squad are RSCOE powerful very tall female), RIMMER (female), and PARKER (male). Edwards, Chamberlain, Carducci and the soldiers (arms at ready, scanning the area) walk into the large arrivals ar Hewn with rock, it’s as much a cavern as it is a room. (NB: PRODUCTION NOTE: This area and all the areas (mainly corridors) that are not function-specific have a half-fin laser-blasted look to them. There are grooves in the wall the rock where corridors and walkways were blasted throug Unless specifically described otherwise, everywhere on th Minos is rock, not steel or wood or plaster.)
19) 3) text: Rimmer and Parker walk along an opressive, dimly-lit corr They reach the door to Paul’s cabinand the Holding Pen An Rimmer tries the handle. Locked. She looks questioningly Parker. He shrugs.
19) 5) dialog: So let’s investigate. She leads the way in.
20) 7) text: Parker and Rimmer make their way down through the cabin t annexe. Parker gestures to the pen-monitor
20) 8) text: What’s this hooked up to? Rimmer looks down the stairway to the reinforced door, th back at the monitor.
20) 9) dialog: Whatever’s in there, I guess. The monitor, sensing movement, clicks on. While Rimmer ma her way down the staircase, Parker looks at the monitor. image it shows is of the completely empty holding pen. Th BLUE LIGHT pulses briefly over the screen. Parker’s eyes on the screen. Another BLUE PULSE. And another. His eyes and focus... and suddenly his face moves into horrified r ON THE MONITOT: The holding pen is full of CHILDREN, frightened, hungry, and chained to the walls!
20) 11) dialog: Parker, what the fuck are you doing?! Parker rushes past her through the smoking ruin of the do INT. HOLDING PEN, MINOS CONT. ... and into the holding pen. At first, al he can see is shadows and light.
20) 13) dialog: What are you talking about? Parker suddenly points to the floor.
20) 15) text: (of f ) The remnants of a most unsatisfying victim. Parker and Rimmer start in shock as Pinhead emerges from shadows. Movements from all around add to the terror as t other Cenobites shuffle in the darkness.
20) 16) dialog: (simultaneous/ad-1ib) Oh my God... What the fuck... Sweet suffering Christ... (
25) 9) text: Carducci is at the bottom of the staircase, staring in ho at what’s left of Parker and Rimmer. He flicks open a tiny intercom.
35) 0) text: Edwards walks into the annexe. He stares in shock at the blasted reinforced-door and the bloodstains and bones tha all that remains of Rimmer and walks through...