19) 1) text: Paul, hunched over the console, punches in co-ordinates a watches the minute movements of the satellites on the monitors. Two or three of the monitors show a graphic OVE with the word LOCKED flashing. Paul’s still working on th others. Suddenly, there’s a CREAK behind him. Paul spins round... to find himself staring directly into a gun-barrel! Roscoe’s holding the gun.
19) 2) dialog: Dr Merchant? Consider yourself relieved.
22) 0) text: Roscoe patrols a low-level service corridor. Dank rock. W floor. Dismal lighting. It’s a creepy atmosphere. Shadows us. We keep waiting for something to leap out at Roscoe.. nothing does. Yet. Ahead of her is an entrance door. Hefting her weapon, she in...
23) 0) text: : and enters the Flight Deck. This is more brightly-lit t the corridor but its emptiness is still creepy. Roscoe is much on guard and walks through cautiously, rifle cocked.
25) 11) dialog: (on intercom) Flight deck.
25) 13) dialog: Check. Carducci pockets the intercom and makes his way up the st
26) 0) text: Roscoe is still moving through the flight deck. She’s alo until a door at the far end opens and Pinhead walks in. Roscoe’s jaw drops. But training tells. She assumes a fir position and shouts a warning.
26) 1) dialog: What the fuck planet are you from? Hold it! Right now! Pinhead doesn’t stop. Nor does he speed up. He just keeps walking. Confident. Inexorable.
26) 2) dialog: Had your chance. She pulls her trigger. An ENERGY BLAST slams into Pinhead and does nothing. Doesn’t even make him break his stride. Nor does the second.
26) 3) dialog: Mother of Christ... Roscoe stares at the Demon. She’s a huge powerful woman, she’s not exactly afraid. But she’s not exactly stupid ei and staying here would plainly be the act of an idiot... She turns and runs, slamming through a door...
27) 1) text: into the corridor. Still running, she scans the area for somewhere to hide. Her eyes go up to the ceiling... and a grill to an air-duct. It is too high to reach but a utility pipe runs parallel a vital few inches lower. Roscoe leaps, catches the pipe with both hands, swings he up, and kicks the grill clear, throwing her body in after
28) 0) text: Roscoe grabs at the grill, shoves it back into place, and presses her body back into shadow while leaning her head enough to see through the cross-hatched metal of the gril ROSCOE’S POV DOWN THROUGH GRILL: Nothing. Nothing. Nothi and then Pinhead walks into view. Roscoe holds her breath. Pinhead keeps walking. Not looking up. He’s nearly past t grill... And then he stops. Pinhead’s head tilts up a little, as if sensing something and the he moves on out of view. Roscoe breathes gain.
28) 1) dialog: (mouthing it) Alright... She waits a second to be sure and turns in the air-duct.. to see the Chatter-Beast twenty yards from her
28) 2) dialog: Oh fuck!! She doesn’t even have time to bring her rifle round in th cramped space. The Beast comes rushing along the duct. In seconds, it’s there, its awful mouth opening wide...