1) 98) text: Auguste walks through a deserted wood. The sunlight has strange quality - pregnant with darkness, ready for twili A large BLACK BIRD flies and lands on a high branch. It s to be staring at August... Auguste turns into a clearing and suddenly there is a WHO of sound and a FLURRY of movement! Auguste starts back with a gasp. The movement resolves in ACROBAT tumbling through the air in a cartwheel dive and landing upright, grinning madly, a foot in front of Augus LAUGHTER and APPLAUSE draw Auguste’s eyes forward: Stretched between two trees is a painted-sheet backdrop. Before it, a TROUPE OF CLOWNS, the traditional figures of century Commedia Dell’Arte: HARELQUIN, COLUMBINE, PIERROT PULCINELLA, and THE SURGEON, with four ACROBATS. Their costumes are even more exaggerated and bizarre than norma they all have strange half-smiles, as if they posess a se knowledge. Or are close to the borders of sanity. The Surgeon - a comically grotesque short man with tiny glittering eyes and an absurdly full beard - walks forwar
1) 99) dialog: As the day is long, sir, an excellent surprise. And most welcome. (he bows to Auguste) You have stumbled, sir, upo Europe’s finest comedians.
1) 101) dialog: So it appears, sir, yes. And should we be elsewhere?
1) 103) dialog: We too have an appointment, sir. But regrettably have eat our map. (belches) Perhaps you could help. Are you a loca man, sir? The day is growing darker. And there’s something increasi unsettling about the silent unwavering smiles of the Clow
1) 105) dialog: Philosophy! A fine trade, and never to be confused with training of frogs, which is - I speak from experience - a overrated profession.
1) 107) dialog: To the Chateau Du Reve, sir. We are to perform at a great masked ball.
1) 109) dialog: (speaking with gratitude) Your kindness must be rewarded, sir. Players! Prepare! The Clowns draw two TRUMPETS and a BASS DRUM from a sack
1) 111) dialog: And leave you unsatisfied, sir? An unsatisfied audience i saddest thing in the world, save a one-legged fish in a b of pork.
1) 113) dialog: But I insist. Suddenly, from his coat, the Surgeon produces two gleamin BUTCHER’S KNIVES which he holds upright, one in each hand The Acrobat near Auguste does a back-flip and ends up beh the startled Philosopher, blocking his path.
1) 114) dialog: A brief diversion in your busy day, sir. An entertainment entitled YOUR LAST SIGHT ON EARTH, and guaranteed to plea (to troupe) Music! Pierrot and Pulcinella blow trumpets. An Acrobat pounds t drum. The music is piercing and discordant. Another Acrobat somersaults swiftly to Auguste and, held by an Acrobat on each side, he is carried to the backdrop where Harlequin and Columbine are in a pantomime argument Harlequin, with angry looks and pointing fingers, is accu Columbine, with fervent eyes and imploring hands, is deny The acrobats bring Auguste on “stage”. Columbine GASPS. Harlequin gestures at him accusingly. Columbine, blushing prettily, can deny no longer. Staring Auguste, her hands flutter over her heart and an exaggera dreamy look fills her face. Yes, this is her secret lover