2) 152) text: An elevator door at the far end opens and VALERIE DYSON, uniformed Security Officer, exits and walks up the corrid She’s about 40 and is speaking into a cell-phone.
2) 153) dialog: I know, honey. Homework’s always sucked. And I am helping See, you do the work and get the grades. And I walk round empty buildings and get the money. And, between us, we se you to college. You get it? It’s teamwork
2) 157) dialog: Hello? From the shadows Angelique emerges into the little light Valerie is instantly alert and on-guard.
2) 158) dialog: Ma’am - the building is closed. And this office is vacant
2) 160) dialog: You’ve rented it?
2) 162) dialog: Well, I’ve heard nothing about it. I’1l have to...
2) 166) text: closing the door in front of her. She turns and heads do to the elevator. Halfway, something makes her look back. She GASPS. The area by the office-suite door is suddenly as if blackness is bleeding from the room into the corrid And then she hears the sound of the door opening... and she’s rushing to the elevator and hitting the button. The elevator doors open and she runs in, only then turnin look back... She SCREAMS. The BEAST that prowled in the shadows behind Pinhead earlier is in the corridor by the office door. Se human but four-legged, it’s like something the scientists Cenobite Central made as a joke from what was left of a m and what was left of a dog after a particularly nasty car crash. Valerie jabs frantically at the first-floor button. For a frozen second the Beast - whose eyes are only black and who locates its prey by smell and sound - “stares” do the corridor at her. Then it launches itself. Its speed i terrifying. Braying like a hyena, its hurtles impossibly forward defying all laws of gravity, running up and down walls, across the ceiling, over the floor
2) 167) dialog: 
2) 171) dialog: Oh, thank God! Thank God!! She looks at the floor display above the door. The electr numerals show the passing floors: 7, 6, 5, 4, 3, 2 Her panicked breathing finally slowing, she moves toward door as her floor approaches... but the elevator does not stop. And the numbers keep descending: 1, 0, -1, -2, -3 Her fingers stab repeatedly at the first floor button.
2) 172) text: Shit. C’mon. C’mon! The numbers keep descending: -4, -5, -6 Her finger reaches forward again... and suddenly the elevator’s speed increases horribly! Valerie is thrown from her feet as the cabin rockets down The quiet hum of the lift machinery becomes A SCREECHING and the LCD display is a scarlet BLUR of impossible numbe the cabin speeds down... down... down... And Valerie scra at the walls, trying impossibly to clamber up them to avo the inevitable crash... And then the cabin stops. Stops suddenly and jarringly, b without the explosive bone-crushing finality we expected. The howl of the machinery’s over, LCD a burn-out. And Val is in the centre of the cabin frozen in shock. Is it over Unfortunately not. The door starts to GLOW RED-HOT as if unbelievable furnaces burn somewhere just beyond its frag protection... Simultaneously, HIDEOUS SOUNDS begin to drift in from out - nightmarish sounds of indescribable agony and unspeakab joy growing in intensity and volume by the second. I think we know where Valerie has landed, don’t we? The door PINGS as if to signal its arrival and its immine opening. Which isn’t something she’s keen to see.
2) 173) dialog: Oh God. No. No! She presses her hands on it in a terrified attempt to sto
2) 174) dialog: 
3) 0) text: ANGLE UPWARDS/VALERIE’S POV - Blackness all around and t sense of dizzyingly fast descent. Up above - and fast rec - is the single square of light which is the elevator cab seen through its open floor...
3) 1) dialog: 