13) 8) text: In a flash the lights switch on and Ted finds himself sta down the barrel of a pretty intense-looking .357 Magnum,  cocked and ready to fire. At the other end of the gun sta a 50-year-old man, Sigfried, who sports a Cheshire Cat sm and a "just try fuckin' with me" look on his face. Sigfri isn't the only person in the room. Directly behind him si a beautiful young woman, Angela, gagged and bound to a ch Ted drops the bucket to the floor.
13) 14) text: Sigfried reaches in his pocket and throws a handful of  assorted stimulants into his mouth, chewing on them like  they were breath mints. Sigfried thrusts his hand forward gripping Ted by the throat, and leads him to Angela.
13) 20) text: Sigfried turns to Angela.
13) 43) text: Sigfried glances at it. Then to Angela. He picks up the p
13) 53) text: Ted looks to Angela for help. She can only stare back wit intense, wide-open eyes.
13) 57) text: Ted repeats what Sigfried has told him. This appears to h a calming effect on Sigfried, who gets up off the floor,  turning his face to Angela.
13) 59) text: Angela nods.
13) 61) text: Naturally, Angela says nothing.
13) 65) text: Angela attempts to speak through the gag. Both men wait w bated breath for a response. Sigfried's had enough.
14) 0) text: Ted finds himself alone with Angela. They lock eyes. Ange implores Ted to lean forward. Ted sizes up the situation: His chances of making it to the door are slim due to the  fact that he would have to pass by the bathroom door. Ted paces back and forth in front of Angela, who struggles to get his attention. He whips around and they face off in w appears to be a game of charades. Ted finally gets the po and cautiously removes the gag from Angela's mouth. Angel spits an old sock out.
14) 2) dialog: We don't have time to play charades  here, asshole! Untie me quick.
14) 4) dialog: Look, whether you like it or not,  you're in the middle of a situation  here you can't just wish your way  out of.
14) 6) dialog: Everyone starts out strangers, Ted,  it's where we end up that counts.  Hurry up.
14) 7) text: Ted wrestles with the idea of whether to untie Angela or  not.
14) 9) dialog: Life is hard, Ted. You ever stopped  to consider how many times you change  your underwear in a lifetime?
14) 11) dialog: I don't mean literally, you ignoramus.
14) 13) dialog: Forget it, listen to me. There's a  gun in my suitcase behind the bed,  it's loaded...
14) 15) dialog: Fine. Get the gun and I'll shoot  "anybody."
14) 17) text: Ted collapses to his knees in front of Angela.
14) 19) dialog: Get a fucking grip on yourself. First  off, who says he's my husband? And  second, we are a long way from fair  here, fair is back in jolly old  England eatin' crumpets and sipping  on tea.
14) 22) dialog: There are two sides to a plate, still  you only eat off of one. Now GET THE  GUN!
14) 24) dialog: I'm a werewolf, Ted! Get the gun!
14) 25) text: Ted is at a loss as to what to do. Angela turns on the ch
14) 26) dialog: Come on, Ted. Come over here just  for a minute. You can do it. Come  on, Ted. You look like a good guy.
14) 28) dialog: That's it, Teddy. You look so much  more attractive when you're self- assured.
14) 30) dialog: (she panics) Quick, he's coming back. Put the gag  back in, and remember the gun!
15) 2) text: Ted's fingers are frozen over Angela's lips.
15) 10) text: The directness of Sigfried's command, coupled with the SO of a trigger being cocked, forces Ted to approach Angela. Angela is a stunning beauty, and Ted being kind of a shy makes for an awkward situation. Ted leans forward. As he  closes in, Angela's eyes close.
15) 12) text: Ted pulls up short of actually nibbling on Angela.
15) 30) text: Sigfried holds onto Ted's hand. The soft sound of distant fireworks pops in the background. Car horns and a muffled countdown signal that it's New Year's. Sigfried moves uncomfortably close to Ted and from out of nowhere bolts forward, planting a wet kiss right on Ted's mouth. Something snaps in Sigfried. He is either really  getting off on this or he is caught in the grips of a sei He doubles back on the floors. Ted and Angela watch as he flops around like a flounder with the cocked gun waving a over the place. Ted wipes his mouth with his jacket sleev while trying to dodge the barrel of the gun.
18) 10) text: He heads toward the door and, from out of the corner of h eye, he spots Sigfried's hairy leg. Sigfried has passed o on the floor. Angela's chair has been knocked on its side Ted races over to help lift her back up. He pulls the gag from her mouth. Angela jumps all over him.
18) 11) dialog: Where's the fucking nitro?
18) 13) dialog: You took long enough. Untie me, for  Christ's sake, you fucking upset him  and he's dying.
18) 14) text: Ted struggles to untie Angela.
18) 16) dialog: You'd make a great cop, Theodore.
18) 23) text: Angela hears Sigfried's voice from behind her back.
18) 24) dialog: You bastard!
18) 26) dialog: If the simple fact that I didn't  want your bloated, dead body lying  out on the floor is love, then no  wonder we find ourselves as we are  at this very fucking moment.
18) 31) dialog: You heard shit, monkey boy. Easy for  you to say after you fuck another  man's wife. You should at least have  the guts to stand by your convictions.
18) 34) text: Angela continues her tirade.
18) 35) dialog: When I think of all the times you  were inside me promising me a better  life, it makes me want to puke.
18) 38) dialog: What didn't you do, stick man?  Unfortunately, you don't have the  balls to back up the actions of your  huge cock.
18) 44) dialog: Put it this way, God made up for  what he did to Gumby with Ted here.
18) 46) dialog: Show him your cock, Theodore.
18) 47) text: Sigfried runs over to Angela and kneels in front of her.
18) 49) dialog: It's hard to stop talking about  something so huge. I could go on and  on about his cock, bone, nob, bishop,  wang, thang, hotrod. Hump mobile,  Oscar, dong, dagger, banana, cucumber,  salami. Sausage, kielbasa, schlong,  dink, tool, Big Ben, Mister Happy,  prick, disk, pecker, peter, pee-pee,  wee-wee, weiner, pisser, pistol,  joint, hose, horn, middle-leg, third- leg, meat, stick, joystick, dipstick.
18) 50) text: Angela is on a roll. She fires the words at Sigfried, hit him pointblank. He staggers. He pleads with her to stop,  covering his ears. Ted watches the man crumble.
18) 51) dialog: (continuing) Junior, the little head, little guy,  Rumple Foreskin, Tootsie Roll. Snake,  one-eyed monster, one-eyed wonder,  shaft, sword, meat whistle, skin  flute, love muscle, Roto-Rooter,  instrument, banger, rammer, ramrod,  cherrypicker, log, pole.
18) 89) text: Ted and Sigfried stare out of the window in peace, transf by the glimmering lights of the city. A loud SHOT rings o shattering the still moment. The two men spin around. Ang stands there with a smoking gun hanging at her side. Sigfried drops to his knees. Ted checks him out, no blood Angela has fired the gun into the floor below. Ted looks at Angela. Angela opens the chamber of the pistol and han the bullets to Ted.
18) 90) dialog: (to Ted) You'd better go check to see if I  killed anybody downstairs.
18) 93) text: Angela sits next to Sigfried and gently strokes his back.
18) 94) dialog: We're fine, Ted.
18) 97) dialog: Another time, Ted.
27) 0) text: The elevator door opens and Ted wheels out his tray into hallway. There's been a bit of an effort to make himself appear a less disheveled than in the last scene. He's only minorly successful in the attempt. His uniform still looks like s his hair looks tousled, and he walks with a limp. He wheels the cart up to the penthouse door and KNOCKS at the door. A woman opens the door, it's Angela from Alex's story.
27) 1) dialog: Hi, Theodore.
27) 4) dialog: Having a drink.
27) 6) dialog: Are you kidding, he'll be asleep  till Christmas.
27) 9) text: Angela steps aside and Ted wheels in the tray.
28) 4) dialog: (closing the door) His name's Theodore.
28) 36) text: He puts his arm around Ted and leads him around the room. Angela crosses frame, drink in hand.
28) 39) dialog: Oh, me and Theodore go way back.  Don't we, Theodore?
28) 42) dialog: We met at the pool.
28) 112) text: Angela is still curled up.
28) 113) dialog: After talkin' about it all night,  they better. I wanna see a show.
28) 124) dialog: Look at the poor guy. Just spit it  out.
28) 127) text: Angela interrupts:
28) 128) dialog: Can I jump in here?
28) 130) dialog: Theodore's been here fifteen minutes  and you've talked about everything  but.
28) 161) dialog: (to Ted) I don't care.
28) 169) text: Pause as they all look at him. Angela breaks it.
28) 170) dialog: Helluva night, huh, Ted?
28) 178) dialog: Ted. Take the money.
28) 192) dialog: Six hundred.
29) 18) text: Chester has the bucket of ice with the finger in it. Leo' trying to direct everything. Everybody's in frantic activ except for Angela, who stands back, drinks her drink, and watches the show. They all run down the hall, toward the  elevator. Somebody trips and they all hit the ground. The bucket of ice with the finger goes spilling. They run aro like crazy, looking for the finger and picking up ice cub Norman lies on the floor and screams. They pick it all up get to the elevator, and push the button. When it arrives, they all dive in except for Angela.
29) 19) dialog: You know, I'm gonna call it a night  and go back to my room. It's been  fun.
29) 20) text: The doors close on the screaming maniacs. Angela walks through a door marked "Stairway."
29) 25) dialog: You okay, lady?
29) 27) dialog: I said -- you looking for someone?
29) 29) text: Angela and the girl have a strange moment as they connect through the eyes. Having had enough emotional intensity tonight, Angela bre their eye contact.
29) 30) dialog: Lady, I haven't seen anybody.
29) 31) text: Diana quietly says, "Ohhh," as she drifts on down the hal in a daze. Angela puts her hand to her temples before ope her hotel door. She does a double-take on the hallway --  empty. She pauses a beat, then walks into her room. After the do closes, we hear Sigfried on the other side.