2) 0) text: Ted, the bellboy, meets his first guest of the evening, a taxi unloads her luggage. To his warm surprise, the guest a Beautiful Mediterranean Goddess (actually, we will come see she is not technically a goddess, but a High Priestes She is about 25 years old, speaks with an Italian accent is dressed in Gypsy garb. She is Athena. Ted takes Athena's luggage onto his cart. But one item in woven Moroccan bag proves to be unbearably heavy. Athena concerned as he attempts to lift it.
2) 1) dialog: Pleeze be careful -- my God. You  have no idea...
2) 2) text: Ted strains as he uses all his cojones to lift the insane heavy bag onto the cart. Athena tips the cab driver, stin The driver winces and gets in the cab. Ted has now manage with grunts and groans and strained blood vessels to put  this thing on the cart. The cab skids away. Athena looks Ted, who is out of breath.
2) 3) dialog: I'm usually a good tipper, but this  one -- this cab driver -- he had  green all around him. I don't like  that in a man.
2) 6) dialog: Something like that.
2) 8) dialog: I see purple... in your face, and...
2) 9) text: As if she can't help herself, Athena's eyes are strangely drawn to his crotch. She frowns, confused by this impulse. Ted appears to be  charmingly oblivious. Athena looks back into his face.
2) 10) dialog: ...you're okay.
3) 1) dialog: Athena Z.
3) 3) dialog: I will only need to stay till sunrise.
3) 5) dialog: With gold.
4) 0) text: The doors open and Ted and Athena emerge upon the third f Ted follows Athena with the cart down the hallway to her  room.
4) 2) dialog: Well -- the other bag -- I need it.
4) 7) dialog: (dryly) The White Cliffs of Dover.
4) 9) dialog: The others will be coming soon. Send  them, pleeze.
4) 12) text: But Athena is ahead of him -- she flips a switch and wate begins to flow from the baby cupids' urns into the hot tu
4) 13) dialog: I been in dis' place many New Year's.  So... you send the others to me,  huh. Go now.
4) 14) text: As she says this, the door closes with a strange force,  shutting Ted out. Athena takes the bag to the bedroom of suite.
4) 16) dialog: On this night, oh great goddess Diana,  we restore your virgin flesh and  bring you back to real life.
4) 18) dialog: Soon -- I take you to the pond for a  cleansing. Well, it's a swimming  pool, but it will be under the setting  sun, okay?
5) 35) text: Elspeth bristles as the brat saunters off to the bedroom. Elspeth enters the sacred circle, stands before the altar whips out her sword, and makes a ceremonial gesture point the sword upward, perfectly centered between her breasts. Kiva, behind Elspeth's back, exits from the bedroom doorw into the hall and comes back in, lugging the TV into the  honeymoon bedroom. Elspeth kneels before the altar. Athena enters the room w the "cleansed" artifact and lays the slab in the center o the altar upon the heart-shaped pillows as Elspeth lays h sword next to the rock. The women look upon the union wit tender affection.
5) 36) dialog: Soon -- our goddess will come. I  will go get her negligee.
5) 37) text: Athena stands up but her reverie is dispelled as she shri Loud TV suddenly blasts from the bedroom and Kiva the bra is trying on the pink negligee over her clothes. Athena t the negligee off the irrepressible youth.
5) 38) dialog: What are you doing! Have you no  respect -- who -- who is dis girl?
5) 40) dialog: Well, Elspeth, your friend cannot  stay here during the ritual. She may  be one of your kind, but she is not  one of us.
5) 42) text: The women have a stare-down. Then Athena calls out --
5) 43) dialog: TURN OF THE FUCKING TV, MAN!
5) 45) text: Elspeth becomes anxious with jealousy. Athena is exaspera as she firmly demands from Elspeth --
5) 46) dialog: Let's not forget -- I am the High  Fucking Priestess. Deal with dis  girl!
5) 47) text: Elspeth defers to Athena with remembered reverence and  respect. She bows apologetic and scurries to the bedroom.
5) 48) dialog: (eyes lifted to heaven,  wearily) Tell me -- did we have these problems  in Salem? I don't think so...
5) 64) text: Ted carries all her bags inside awkwardly. Again, the pla has become all the more transformed with wild canopies of exotic cloths and fixings. Elspeth and Athena are hard at work on a strange nature sculpture as Jezebel enters. She stands inside the powdered circle and before the hot tub, which now has dark blue water swirling inside. She presen her cat -- upward toward heaven -- frees the cat, bares h breasts and sucks in the vibes: "Ahhhh." Ted settles the bags down, hoping for a peek at her charm but her back is to him. The kitty rubs on her leg. She pi it up and presses it against her bare breasts, petting it sweetly. She winks and hands him a tip.
5) 68) dialog: (wearily) I have sanctioned her presence, as  long as she behaves. Come on -- there  is more work to be done to welcome  our great Diana.
6) 15) dialog: You are very late, Eva.
6) 30) dialog: Wait. We do need a few things.
6) 32) dialog: We need fresh rosemary from the  kitchen. Mostly what we need is from  the kitchen. Hey, are you listening?
6) 35) dialog: And a little bit of sea salt or Kosher  salt if you don't got no sea salt. A  bottle of spring water -- Italian  please, not French shit.
6) 38) dialog: (irritated) And some ginger, two of the eyes of  a trout fish, and a piece of raw  meat, liver if you have it.
6) 40) dialog: Shut up, you little shit.
6) 42) text: Ted has scribbled down the items as she speaks. He looks this list and these girls and shudders as he walks away. turns, points at Eva. Ted smiles at this angel of a girl. She smiles back. But, she looks him in the eyes, he feels a strange buzzing  connection happening. He holds his head, almost swooning  with dizziness. Athena smirks.
6) 43) dialog: Get to work, man.
6) 59) text: Kiva nods. Elspeth is enthralled, but from a disgusted "i sound from Jezebel, Elspeth realizes she's revealing this side of her life -- in front of her coven. She nervously  looks around and see all the coven looking at her: a disg Jezebel, an understanding Raven, a preoccupied Eva and an impatient and stern Athena. Elspeth comes to her senses, straightens her posture.
6) 65) dialog: I demand this stop now, Elspeth!
6) 70) dialog: Now that the fucking melodrama is  over, can we start the goddamn ritual -- pleeze?
6) 72) dialog: We are communing here on New Year's  Eve to bring to life the great goddess  Diana, who was turned to stone in  this very room forty years ago today.
6) 74) dialog: Diana, great beautiful one, we make  these offerings to you, that we may  undo the wicked spell which deprived  you of the seed of your lover, your  virginal blood, of your very life.  We now form the symbolic rock with  our bodies.
6) 75) text: And saying this, the girls all form a "rock" with their b gracefully draped one upon the other. Music begins, and s they start to unfold from the rock. The girls each find their place in a semicircle around th Jacuzzi. Some bare their breasts, other strip off a layer clothes. They anoint their arms with water from the Jacuz They begin a lovely dance, snaking their way around the  semicircle. The first one to go from one end to the other Athena. She then proceeds up the stairs and positions her between the altar and the Jacuzzi. She steps forth with a bottle to the altar and pours it into the Jacuzzi.
6) 76) dialog: On this night, in this hour, we Call  upon the Ancient Power O Goddess  bride, I offer thee Milk from a  mother's sweet titty!
6) 77) text: Each of the girls moans eerily. Athena places the bottle the altar and bows away. She joins the circle as Elspeth steps forward with her offering in a vial.
6) 82) text: She pours liquid into the mix, as the witches moan. Now i Eva's turn. Eva continues to sway, not moving forth to th altar. The girls keep their eyes closed as they sway, wai for Eva's offering. Athena finally gives her a push and s goes. Eva kneels before the altar. She produces a silver bottle with a chain on its cap and neck. She timidly begins to  incant.
6) 85) dialog: You stupid little witch! You swallowed  the sperm! Aye-yi--yi!
6) 90) text: Eva bursts into tears. Athena is firm.
6) 91) dialog: There is no time to cry over swallowed  sperms. You're gonna have to get  some, baby. You have one hour to  prove what kind of witch you really  are.
6) 93) dialog: (calling out) What do you want?!
6) 95) text: Athena smiles and turns to Eva.
6) 96) dialog: Mr. Bellboy, come right in!
6) 97) text: Ted opens the door. His eyes bulge out as he looks upon t fleshly feast. He steps back. They giggle seductively, al except Eva, who sniffles, red-eyed. Amazingly, Ted's attention is captivated by Eva's sorrow, not by the naked charms of the other witches. She shyly c her breasts. Sensitive to her shame and sorrow, he looks  away and steps from the door to fetch the room-service ca Athena directs the others to put on their shirts. Ted whe in the cart.
6) 100) dialog: (handing Ted 50 bucks) Okay, mister, here's your fifty-dollar  tip, only, you have to do one more  thing... make our little Eva smile.  Can you? We'll leave you alone. (to Eva, firmly) And don't use your mouth!
6) 101) text: The girls step out. Athena turns to Eva and points to her watch, then holds up one finger. Eva looks up, worried. T door closes on her and Ted. She looks at Ted and sighs. H covers her with a shawl.
6) 110) dialog: Enough, girls. I will collect fresh  earth. Jezebel, I want you to gather  damp moss. Raven, you bring me a  birch branch.
8) 10) dialog: But where is his "stuff"?
8) 16) dialog: Okay, girls, enough Sex Education  101, let's get going with our ritual,  goddammit.
8) 17) text: Athena regally leads the ritual as they all bare their br again. Kiva throws off her shirt to join in. As she does, see black bondage tape on her nipples. Elspeth darts a qu look at the tape, looks at the other witches -- not sure likes this -- but she goes with it. The witches sway in a circle, eyes closed, as Eva makes her offering.
8) 24) dialog: I don't understand what went wrong.
8) 30) dialog: Girls, knock it off. (she looks up from  the book) Maybe... maybe it needed to be the  sperm of a virgin male.
8) 32) text: The witches sadly collect their things. Athena, deep in  thought, strokes the slab.
8) 33) dialog: Let's leave her here, with the sword,  until dawn. I will come back for her  before checkout time. I just... feel  too sad to carry her away before the  sun comes up to warm her.
8) 39) dialog: Next year, we try again -- with virgin  sperm.