28) 0) text: The penthouse is huge, far and away the best suite in the house. And standing in the middle of the biggest room in hotel is the hottest, newest comedy star to burst onto th Hollywood scene in nearly a decade: Chester Rush. At this moment in time, he's the king, and he has the swagger of new king. After only one movie, he's pulled the sword out the stone. And the look on his face says, "King's good."  Surrounding him is his entourage. They all look like once upon a time this evening they were dressed sharp; however at this late hour, everybody looks about as disheveled as Ted. One of the lads, Norman, has planted roots in a comfy cha with his leg thrown over the arm and a bottle of Jim Beam his hand. The second guy, Leo, is in the back of the room pacing ba and forth on the telephone. He is completely oblivious to the rest of the room's activity. In Chester's hand is an ever present glass of champagne,  which he constantly spills as he gestures wildly. Around room are the leftovers: pizza boxes, fast-food hamburgers and empty bottles of Cristal Champagne.
28) 1) dialog: (still sitting) Entrez, entrez, come in, come in.
28) 3) dialog: -- Not a problem, my friend Mr.  Bellboy.
28) 6) text: Chester rises from the couch.
28) 7) dialog: So, Ted the Bellboy, as I was saying --  would you care for some champagne?  That's not what I was saying, but  would you care for some champagne?
28) 9) dialog: Ya sure? Cristal. It's the best. I  never liked champagne before I had  Cristal, now I love it.
28) 11) text: As Chester goes and pours Ted a glass:
28) 12) dialog: -- As I was saying, Ted, don't worry  about being late. For our purposes,  promptness is far behind thoroughness.
28) 14) dialog: Chin-chin.
28) 16) dialog: Whadya say, Ted?
28) 18) dialog: No, not thank you. Whadya say about  the tasty beverage?
28) 20) dialog: Fuckin' good, Ted. It's fuckin' good.  Let's try it again, shall we? So,  Ted, whadya think about the beverage.
28) 22) dialog: You bet your sweet bippy, Ted. It's  fuckin' Cristal, everything else is  piss.
28) 26) dialog: (to Norman) Knock it off, you're making my friend  Ted here uneasy. (to Ted) Pay no attention to Norman here,  Ted, he's just fuckin' wit' ya, that's  all. That's from Quadrophenia. Now  me, myself, when I think of bellboys  I think of -- "bellboy" isn't an  insult, is it? Is there another name  for what you do that I'm ignorant  of? Bellman, bellperson --
28) 28) dialog: Good. I'm glad they haven't changed  that. There's a friendliness to  "bellboy." As I was saying, Ted,  when Norman thinks of bellboys, he  thinks of Quadrophenia.
28) 31) dialog: You should, it's one of Jerry's better  movies. He never says a word through  the entire film. A completely silent  performance. How many actors can  pull that off? And he has to go to  France to get respect. That says it  all about America right there. The  minute Jerry Lewis dies, every paper  in this fuckin' country gonna write  articles calling the man a genius.  It's not right. It's not right and  it's not fair. But why should that  surprise anybody? When has America  ever been fair? We might be right  every once in a while, but we're  very rarely fair.
28) 33) dialog: You in a hurry, Ted?
28) 35) dialog: Good, then stop playing "Beat the  Clock." Now let me introduce you to  everybody.
28) 37) dialog: Our friend from downstairs you already  seem to be acquainted with.
28) 41) dialog: Angela's like you, Ted, a newfound  friend.
28) 43) dialog: (to Ted) Have you ever seen Angela in a one- piece?
28) 45) dialog: Well, it's somethin' to see. (arm around Ted) The Man sitting in the chair, with  the bottle of Jim Bean in his hand  and the sense of humor, is Norman.  Norman, say hello to Ted.
28) 48) dialog: The sociable son of a bitch on the  telephone is Leo. And the person on  the other end of the phone is his  lovely wife Ellen. (to Leo) Leo, say hello to Ted.
28) 51) dialog: Which brings me to me, Chester Rush,  Ted. Pleased to meetcha.
28) 52) text: Chester shakes Ted's hand.
28) 54) text: Chester stops. Ted wonders if he should have said that. Chester walks over to the table and pours himself some mo champagne. When he talks now it's slower and somewhat  distracted. The tone of the scene starts changing.
28) 55) dialog: It's quite all right, Ted, nothing  to feel sorry about. That's why God  invented video. But you know, Ted, a  lot of people did see it.
28) 56) text: Chester takes a drink of champagne, a disgusted look cros his face, and he slowly puts it down. His manner gives the room a chill. When he talks, he addresses the room.
28) 57) dialog: Who drank out of this bottle last?
28) 58) text: No answer. Chester walks over to Ted and fills his glass.
28) 59) dialog: Who drank out of this bottle -- not  the other bottles -- this bottle  last?
28) 62) dialog: It's fuckin' flat, Norman, that's  what's wrong. The champagne -- the  fuckin' Cristal's fuckin' flat.
28) 63) text: Chester improvises a temper tantrum about the flat Crista Everyone looks at him, not knowing what to say. Even Leo  walks over to witness. The whole room is uneasy and a lit frightened. When Chester finishes his tantrum, he turns his attention back to Ted. As he talks to him, he opens up another bott But it's not the rapid-pace delivery Chester has done so  far. It's more troubled and distracted.
28) 64) dialog: I was saying, Ted, a lot of people  did see it. And not just on video,  either. Leo, what was the final take  on domestic?
28) 67) dialog: (struggling with bottle) I'm cool, so talk to your wife.
28) 69) dialog: (to Ted) 72.1 million dollars. That's before  video and before foreign, and before  pay-TV and before free TV. We're  talking fuckin' asses in fuckin'  seats. (he pops the cork) Before all that other shit, The Wacky  Detective made 72.1 million dollars.
28) 70) text: Chester walks over to Ted and fills his glass.
28) 71) dialog: And my new one, The Dog Catcher,  it's projected to break a hundred. (he clinks Ted's glass  with his) The Dog Catcher.
28) 73) text: They both drink. The tantrum's over, and Chester's back to his fast-talkin good-natured self.
28) 74) dialog: Now let's stroll over here and see  what goodies you brought us.
28) 76) dialog: One thing at a time, Ted. I'm not a  frog and you're not a bunny, so let's  not jump ahead. C'mon, Norman, you  should be interested in this.
28) 80) text: Chester knocks on it.
28) 81) dialog: Good.
28) 84) dialog: That's how many Peter Lorre asked  for. Continue, Ted.
28) 87) dialog: That's definitely a roll of twine.  Continue.
28) 89) dialog: (to Norman) You into it?
28) 91) dialog: (to Ted) Go on.
28) 93) text: Chester takes it and eats it.
28) 94) dialog: That's for me. Continue.
28) 96) dialog: A hatchet as sharp as the devil  himself is what I asked for.
28) 98) text: Ted holds the hatchet out for Chester to take. Norman sna it instead.
28) 101) dialog: Whadya think?
28) 103) dialog: You heard him, Ted.
28) 108) dialog: We now return you to The Man from  Rio, already in progress.
28) 114) dialog: When we do it, you'll have something  to see.
28) 119) dialog: Not so fast, Ted. We ain't quite  done yet. Why don't you take a seat  at the bar, get comfortable, and  have an open mind when we explain  the festivities of the evening to  you.
28) 121) dialog: Well, it's your business, Ted. 'Cause  we want you to take part.
28) 126) dialog: First off, let me say that there's  nothing homosexual about what we're  going to ask you to do. There's  nothing sexual at all about what we  want. But I was thinkin' you might  be thinkin' we want you to do some  sex thing. Pee on us, suck us off,  shit like that. Let me assure you  nothing could be farther from what  we want --
28) 129) dialog: No, you can't jump in here, this is  my story.
28) 131) dialog: Hey, if you don't like it, you can  get the fuck out.
28) 135) dialog: (yelling) Move the nomination be closed!
28) 136) text: Chester takes the hatchet and brings it down on the bar l a hatchet.
28) 137) dialog: (calmly) Leo, the floor is yours.
28) 145) dialog: Well, that goes without saying, but  that doesn't mean we don't know what  we're doing.
28) 147) text: Norman lays an issue of Hot Classic Cars in front of Ted the bar. On the cover is a picture of Chester smiling,  standing next to a beautiful 1964 red convertible Chevy  Corvelle. The headline reads: "Hollywood's Hottest New St Next to America's Hottest Old Car."
28) 149) dialog: -- Cristal. When you're drinkin'  anything else, you're drinking  champagne. When you're drinkin'  Cristal, you say you're drinkin'  Cristal.
28) 152) dialog: "...Oh, really?"
28) 157) dialog: Thrill of the bet. I'm the one with  something to lose here. 'Cause I can  pretty near guarantee that I love my  car more'n Norman loves his pinky.
28) 162) dialog: Which brings us to your part in this  little wager.
28) 164) dialog: Now, Ted, my old granddaddy used ta  say: "The less a man makes declarative  statements, the less he's apt to  look foolish in retrospect." Now  there're some inherent obstacles in  this undertaking. First of all, I'm  not some sick fuck like Peter Lorre  on that show, travelin' the  countryside collecting fingers. We're  all buddies, here. Nobody wants Norman  to lose his finger. We just wanna  chop it off. So if fate doesn't smile  on ol' Norman, we'll put his finger  on ice and rush 'im to a hospital,  where in all likelihood be able to  sew it back on.
28) 168) dialog: So Norman's protected. His interests  have been looked after. My interests,  on the other hand, have not. I am as  emotionally attached to my car as  Norman is physically to his finger.  I'm putting up a very expensive piece  of machinery on this wager. Now, if  I lose, I lose, I have no problem  with that. I'm a big boy, I knew  what I was doing. However, if I win,  I wanna win. If Norman lights his  lighter ten times in a row, he's  gonna have no emotional problems  about taking my car keys whatsoever.  But if I win, it's not inconceivable  that Leo or myself, at the last  minute, might not be able to wield  the ax. Which brings us full circle  to you, Ted. Sober Ted. Clear-eyed  Ted. We want you to be the diceman.
28) 172) text: Ted abruptly gets up and makes a beeline for the door. Chester whips out a hundred-dollar bill and quickly calls Ted from his position at the bar.
28) 173) dialog: Ted, I got a hundred-dollar bill  here with your name on it, whether  you do what we ask or not, just to  sit back down in the chair for one  minute more.
28) 176) dialog: Maybe you will and maybe you won't,  but that has nothing to do with this  hundred-dollar bill in my hand. You  can tell us all to go fuck off and  walk right out that door. But if you  sit back down and wait sixty seconds  before you do it, you'll be a hundred  dollars richer.
28) 182) dialog: Well, I want you to have a bit more  of an open mind than that, but, yeah,  we'll either convince you or we won't.  No hard feelings. Right, guys?
28) 183) text: Everybody agrees. Ted wearily sits back down. Chester positions himself in front of Ted at the bar.
28) 184) dialog: Okay, Leo, you be the timekeeper.  Let us know when one minute begins  and when it ends.
28) 186) text: Chester jumps up and down, loosening up.
28) 188) text: Chester, who talks fast anyway, starts his pitch. It's Ch who now plays "Beat the Clock."
28) 189) dialog: Okay, pay attention here, Ted, I  ain't got much time. Now I'm gonna  make two piles here on the bar. (he takes the hundred- dollar bill and lays  it out on the bar) One pile, (pointing at the  hundred-dollar bill) which is yours. And another pile, (Chester whips out a  money roll fat enough  to choke a horse to  death) which could be yours. (he lays a matching  hundred-dollar bill  on the bar, starting  a second pile) Now, what you have to be aware of is  we're gonna do this bet, one way, (he lays another  hundred on the end  pile) or the other. (he lays another  hundred on the pile) Whether it's you who holds the ax, (he lays another  hundred on the pile) or the desk clerk downstairs, (he lays another  hundred on the pile) or some bum we yank off the street. (he lays another  hundred on the pile)
28) 191) dialog: (to Norman) Shhhh, I'm the closer. (to the group) How much is on the bar already? I  lost count.
28) 193) dialog: Six hundred. Ted, do you know how  long it takes the average American  to count to six hundred?
28) 195) dialog: (laying another bill  on the pile) One minute less than it takes to  count to seven hundred. You know,  Ted, a person's life is made up of a  zillion little experiences. (he lays another bill  on the pile) Some, which have no meaning, are  insignificant and you forget them.  And some that stick with you for the  rest of your natural life -- (he lays another bill  on the pile) -- barring Alzheimer's of course.  Now, what we're proposing is so  unusual, so outside the norm, that I  think it would be a pretty good guess  that this will be one of those  experiences that sticks. So, since  you're gonna be stuck remembering  this moment for the rest of your  life, you gotta decide what that  memory will be. (He lays down the  last bill on the  pile) So, are you gonna remember for the  next forty years, give or take a  decade, how you refused a thousand  dollars for one second's worth of  work, or how you made a thousand  dollars for one second's worth of  work?
28) 197) dialog: Well, Ted, what's it gonna be?
29) 4) dialog: As long as you do your part, you can  take the pile, walk out the door,  and not say another word.
29) 7) text: Everybody gets in their position by the bar. Norman lays left hand on the block of wood with his pinky sticking ou In his right hand is his Zippo lighter, poised and ready strike. Chester hands Ted the meat cleaver. Ted takes it, raises it up above Norman's finger, in posi
29) 8) dialog: Perfect, perfect, perfect, perfect!  This is great! This is a moment in  time none of us will ever forget.
29) 10) dialog: Norman, you ready?
29) 12) dialog: Ted, you ready?
29) 14) dialog: Okeydoke. Norman, begin.
29) 18) text: Chester has the bucket of ice with the finger in it. Leo' trying to direct everything. Everybody's in frantic activ except for Angela, who stands back, drinks her drink, and watches the show. They all run down the hall, toward the  elevator. Somebody trips and they all hit the ground. The bucket of ice with the finger goes spilling. They run aro like crazy, looking for the finger and picking up ice cub Norman lies on the floor and screams. They pick it all up get to the elevator, and push the button. When it arrives, they all dive in except for Angela.