5) 0) text: Just as Ted is recovering from the mystery of this first  guest, Elspeth arrives. She has skin like marble, the body of Venus, piercing blu eyes, blond hair and is dressed all in black clothing, li Honey West in a rubber dress. She carries several bags, a a silver sword on her shoulder.
5) 2) dialog: I... we... have a reservation.
5) 4) dialog: Kiva!
5) 7) dialog: (to Ted) We have a reservation in the Honeymoon  Suite.
5) 10) dialog: What'd I tell you about smoking?
5) 12) dialog: That's right -- I smoke, and I'm  addicted to it, and I don't want the  same thing to happen to you.
5) 14) text: As Kiva goes off on her impression of a game-show host,  Elspeth is growing increasingly rageful, like a mother wi an unruly child. Ted waits, luggage in hand.
5) 15) dialog: Kiva! That's enough --
5) 18) dialog: Yes I am.
5) 20) text: Ted looks on uneasily at the relationship that is beginni to unfold here. Elspeth checks his reaction and becomes self-conscious at his scrutiny.
5) 21) dialog: Well... I didn't mean it... literally.  I... I happen to be the only one  who... cares about you --
5) 22) text: But her wild child looks off, bored. Elspeth turns to Ted flustered.
5) 23) dialog: Please -- take us to our room!
5) 24) text: Ted smiles uneasily and reaches to relieve her of her swo but Elspeth quickly slams her palm on the sword and shoot him a piercing glare. He jumps back with a light nervous  laugh. He leads the way to the elevator.
5) 26) dialog: Flea powder. One of the others is  bringing her cat.
5) 27) text: Ted starts away again, perplexed. He turns for one last l to see Elspeth kneeling before Kiva, who sprawls on the f He shakes his head and leaves.
5) 28) dialog: You're gonna have to wait in the  other room.
5) 30) dialog: Because I said so.
5) 32) dialog: You can't watch TV because the noise  will interfere with our ritual.
5) 33) text: Kiva looks around the room and spies the TV in the hallwa She turns to Elspeth with sarcastic concession.
5) 35) text: Elspeth bristles as the brat saunters off to the bedroom. Elspeth enters the sacred circle, stands before the altar whips out her sword, and makes a ceremonial gesture point the sword upward, perfectly centered between her breasts. Kiva, behind Elspeth's back, exits from the bedroom doorw into the hall and comes back in, lugging the TV into the  honeymoon bedroom. Elspeth kneels before the altar. Athena enters the room w the "cleansed" artifact and lays the slab in the center o the altar upon the heart-shaped pillows as Elspeth lays h sword next to the rock. The women look upon the union wit tender affection.
5) 39) dialog: Kiva. My friend. Kiva, turn off the  TV! I can't leave her at home --  she's on probation and I gotta keep  an eye on her.
5) 41) dialog: She stays!! Or I go -- along with my  offering!
5) 45) text: Elspeth becomes anxious with jealousy. Athena is exaspera as she firmly demands from Elspeth --
5) 47) text: Elspeth defers to Athena with remembered reverence and  respect. She bows apologetic and scurries to the bedroom.
5) 50) dialog: Kiva... you know what I love about  you?
5) 52) dialog: Your sweet side.
5) 54) dialog: You get whatever you want. And you  know what else I love about you?
5) 56) dialog: Your nose.
5) 57) text: And saying this, she kisses Kiva's nose and leaves the ro Kiva is quieted now. As Elspeth closes the bedroom door, has the last word.
5) 58) dialog: And I saw you checking her out.
5) 64) text: Ted carries all her bags inside awkwardly. Again, the pla has become all the more transformed with wild canopies of exotic cloths and fixings. Elspeth and Athena are hard at work on a strange nature sculpture as Jezebel enters. She stands inside the powdered circle and before the hot tub, which now has dark blue water swirling inside. She presen her cat -- upward toward heaven -- frees the cat, bares h breasts and sucks in the vibes: "Ahhhh." Ted settles the bags down, hoping for a peek at her charm but her back is to him. The kitty rubs on her leg. She pi it up and presses it against her bare breasts, petting it sweetly. She winks and hands him a tip.
5) 70) dialog: Why do I always attract girls who  are looking for a babysitter?
5) 72) text: Elspeth seethes at her. Jezebel acts blithely innocent.
6) 20) dialog: Which birth is more important to  you, that of a mortal or that of a  goddess?
6) 37) dialog: Kiva, shut up.
6) 41) dialog: Don't talk to her that way!
6) 45) dialog: Kiva...
6) 47) dialog: You have to go in the next room now.
6) 49) dialog: UP!
6) 52) dialog: Kiva, don't do this to me.
6) 55) text: Elspeth begins to weaken. But continues to pull the brat Kiva pours on softer seduction.
6) 57) text: Elspeth is now fully seduced. Kiva takes Elspeth's hand a presses it lightly on her face.
6) 58) dialog: You mean... like last week?
6) 59) text: Kiva nods. Elspeth is enthralled, but from a disgusted "i sound from Jezebel, Elspeth realizes she's revealing this side of her life -- in front of her coven. She nervously  looks around and see all the coven looking at her: a disg Jezebel, an understanding Raven, a preoccupied Eva and an impatient and stern Athena. Elspeth comes to her senses, straightens her posture.
6) 60) dialog: We'll talk about this later, Kiva.
6) 62) text: She turns on Elspeth and bites her hand. Elspeth pulls he arm away and grabs Kiva by the hair.
6) 64) dialog: You stay outta this!
6) 66) text: Elspeth lets go of Kiva's hair. Kiva jerks away from her.
6) 68) dialog: Fine. Go ahead. And I'll call your  parole officer and she'll find you  and send you back to Eastlake!
6) 71) text: Elspeth enters the powered circle. Each girl takes off he shoes. They anoint themselves with oils.
6) 77) text: Each of the girls moans eerily. Athena places the bottle the altar and bows away. She joins the circle as Elspeth steps forward with her offering in a vial.
6) 78) dialog: To reverse the evil which has been  done I make this offering to the  Divine One A whore not, an innocent  was, For whom I seized a virgin's  blood.
6) 86) text: Elspeth opens her eyes and folds her arms, smirking bitte
6) 87) dialog: It just shows what an amazing lack  of control you have over yourself,  Eva!
6) 99) text: He points to the trout. Elspeth picks it up, flings the e into the Jacuzzi, and tosses the trout out of the window. She smirks at him comtemptuously.
6) 103) dialog: If she doesn't get his goop in ten  minutes, I'm going to take him myself.
6) 105) dialog: Oh shit -- Kiva!
6) 107) dialog: And just where do you think you're  going?
6) 111) text: Elspeth, you go feed your terrible girlfriend. We meet ba here in one hour and let's all have faith that Eva can ge this guy off. The witches disperse.
8) 7) text: The other girls roll their eyes as Elspeth smiles proudly Ted blows smoke at them and pushes his cart off down the  hall. The witches run inside the room.
8) 15) dialog: No. And virtually no cervical cancer,  either.
8) 17) text: Athena regally leads the ritual as they all bare their br again. Kiva throws off her shirt to join in. As she does, see black bondage tape on her nipples. Elspeth darts a qu look at the tape, looks at the other witches -- not sure likes this -- but she goes with it. The witches sway in a circle, eyes closed, as Eva makes her offering.
8) 25) dialog: I say Eva pulled one over on us.
8) 28) dialog: Exactly -- if she was fucked so good,  how could she save his come?
8) 37) dialog: (firmly) You're carrying my bags!