5) 24) text: Ted smiles uneasily and reaches to relieve her of her swo but Elspeth quickly slams her palm on the sword and shoot him a piercing glare. He jumps back with a light nervous  laugh. He leads the way to the elevator.
6) 0) text: The last of the lovely girls arrives. She is different fr the others. She looks like a farm girl, very Earth Mother with a tablecloth halter top and skirt, sandals, and a si scarf over her long dark curls. She carries two bags by  herself and holds a small black pot under her arm. She is Eva.
6) 2) dialog: Oh... yes... I'm late.
6) 5) dialog: Oh... no, that's all right. I can  carry them by myself.
6) 8) text: Eva smiles, beautifully.
6) 9) dialog: Well gosh -- thank you!
6) 11) dialog: Tell me, how long have the others  been here?
6) 13) text: Eva's heart sinks. They arrive at the door. He carries he bags in.
6) 16) dialog: I'm sorry, Athena. I was attending a  birth and the placenta was late in  coming.
6) 18) dialog: Oh, wait, lemme give you a little  more than that...
6) 19) text: Ted's no fool, he waits while Eva looks through her chang purse.
6) 21) dialog: All life is precious... but I do  apologize for being late, Elspeth.
6) 23) dialog: They do that here, too, Jezebel, in  the hospitals, but it causes  hemorrhages. I fed the mother a bowl  of comfrey tea and it brought the  afterbirth down perfectly. The couple  are going to use it for fertilizer  to plant a lovely tree for their  baby.
6) 27) dialog: (cheerfully to the  others) Yes -- because you see when the  placenta detaches from the uterine  wall...
6) 29) text: Eva places a nice tip in his palm.
6) 31) text: Ted sighs as Eva enters the circle with her black pot. Sh kneels softly, holds her hands in piety before the altar, and softly incants as she offers her pot and places it on the altar. The stone and sword and flowers now rest here pillows covered in chiffon scarves. The negligee hangs fr the mantel, the slippers underneath as if expecting someo to materialize into the garments.
6) 33) text: Ted is watching Eva, enchanted.
6) 42) text: Ted has scribbled down the items as she speaks. He looks this list and these girls and shudders as he walks away. turns, points at Eva. Ted smiles at this angel of a girl. She smiles back. But, she looks him in the eyes, he feels a strange buzzing  connection happening. He holds his head, almost swooning  with dizziness. Athena smirks.
6) 59) text: Kiva nods. Elspeth is enthralled, but from a disgusted "i sound from Jezebel, Elspeth realizes she's revealing this side of her life -- in front of her coven. She nervously  looks around and see all the coven looking at her: a disg Jezebel, an understanding Raven, a preoccupied Eva and an impatient and stern Athena. Elspeth comes to her senses, straightens her posture.
6) 82) text: She pours liquid into the mix, as the witches moan. Now i Eva's turn. Eva continues to sway, not moving forth to th altar. The girls keep their eyes closed as they sway, wai for Eva's offering. Athena finally gives her a push and s goes. Eva kneels before the altar. She produces a silver bottle with a chain on its cap and neck. She timidly begins to  incant.
6) 83) dialog: Great Goddess Diana, fail you I will,  I was to bring fresh sperm from my  Bill. I had him erect, and his semen  would follow But alas I was hot, so  hot that I swallowed.
6) 90) text: Eva bursts into tears. Athena is firm.
6) 95) text: Athena smiles and turns to Eva.
6) 97) text: Ted opens the door. His eyes bulge out as he looks upon t fleshly feast. He steps back. They giggle seductively, al except Eva, who sniffles, red-eyed. Amazingly, Ted's attention is captivated by Eva's sorrow, not by the naked charms of the other witches. She shyly c her breasts. Sensitive to her shame and sorrow, he looks  away and steps from the door to fetch the room-service ca Athena directs the others to put on their shirts. Ted whe in the cart.
6) 101) text: The girls step out. Athena turns to Eva and points to her watch, then holds up one finger. Eva looks up, worried. T door closes on her and Ted. She looks at Ted and sighs. H covers her with a shawl.
6) 111) text: Elspeth, you go feed your terrible girlfriend. We meet ba here in one hour and let's all have faith that Eva can ge this guy off. The witches disperse.
7) 0) text: Eva sits among pillows before the altar as Ted stands in  front of her. Ted is trying his best to make poor Eva smi But no matter what his antics, she looks off sadly.
7) 2) dialog: Oh look, they don't care if I smile  or not! All they want is...
7) 4) dialog: You won't understand, believe me.
7) 7) text: He postures proudly, all puffed out. Eva looks at him  helplessly. And he paternally encourages her to explain.
7) 8) dialog: Well... okay. The five of us --  Elspeth, Jezebel, Athena, Raven and  me -- are a coven.
7) 10) dialog: Yes.
7) 14) dialog: (getting calmer) And you see, our coven has spent  forty years trying to perfect a ritual  to undo a wicked curse put on our  goddess Diana.
7) 16) dialog: Oh... ha ha... I mean the witches  before us tried and failed. But  Athena, our High Priestess, discovered  a great potion to reverse the evil  spell which turned our beautiful  goddess into an old rock.
7) 18) text: Eva nods, looking lovingly at the stone.
7) 19) dialog: She was a beautiful virgin. An  entertainer by trade, but a great  sorceress by design. It was here in  this very room, on her wedding night,  a jealous rival placed the curse on  Diana.
7) 21) dialog: Yes... and her young husband turned  into a pink fish! They found him  swimming in the pool in circles.  While our dear goddess: a stone in  her honeymoon bed.
7) 22) text: Ted frowns as he ponders all this. Eva takes a photo from the altar and hands it to Ted.
7) 23) dialog: This was Diana.
7) 28) dialog: Oh, but she was! She had lovers, but  she saved that for marriage. Which  is the example I've tried to follow:  to do everything but that till I  marry...
7) 31) dialog: Well, it doesn't matter now... and  she won't be resurrected tonight  'cause I failed her. I let my whole  coven down!
7) 33) text: He holds up the photo. Eva nods.
7) 35) dialog: Only, not now -- we were each supposed  to bring something -- a life fluid.
7) 37) dialog: Only... I swallowed it...
7) 39) text: Eva looks off. Ted searches his brains, thoroughly sicken now.
7) 41) text: She nods; he winces, queasy. Eva looks at him, helpless.
7) 42) dialog: And now, you're my last chance!
7) 44) text: Eva sobs, pleading. She throws off her shawl, baring her  lovely breasts, and reaches her arms around his neck. He  keeps backing off. Unbeknownst to him, he is already doin ritualistic shuffle.
7) 46) dialog: That's not flea powder, that's sacred  dust ground from the horns of Albino  goats.
7) 50) dialog: Well, see, what I really want to do  is be a midwife. I've attended four  births already! I can prevent vaginal  tears and everything.
7) 53) dialog: I joined the coven to attain greater  understanding of my feminine power  so I could become a truly great  midwife!
7) 55) text: Eva sweetly takes his hand and places it on her breast.
7) 56) dialog: Do you really think so?
7) 58) dialog: Who's Betty -- your girlfriend?
7) 60) dialog: Oh good!
8) 1) dialog: My phone number in Topanga. Call me?
8) 9) dialog: I'm a woman now!
8) 11) dialog: (pointing to the  Jacuzzi) We did it right there, in the big  cauldron!
8) 17) text: Athena regally leads the ritual as they all bare their br again. Kiva throws off her shirt to join in. As she does, see black bondage tape on her nipples. Elspeth darts a qu look at the tape, looks at the other witches -- not sure likes this -- but she goes with it. The witches sway in a circle, eyes closed, as Eva makes her offering.
8) 18) dialog: Goddess Diana, I offer you The jism  of one I wooed for you That you may  live and know such bliss Of getting  laid by a guy like this.
8) 26) dialog: What?
8) 31) dialog: (dreamily) He was no virgin!
8) 38) text: They leave the room. Jezebel's cat leaps from her arms as she hoists her luggage. Eva walks out satisfied, thought  perhaps a little sore -- "ouch," she says, and smiles. At takes one last look at their goddess slab.
17) 0) text: Ted sees Eva bopping naked past the window. He shouts her name out, to no avail. The MUSIC drowns out his voice and they ignore his calls help. The blood rushes to his head. He lets himself hang  there for a moment. He wonders how many other people have found themselves in situations like this before him. Prob everyone. Right next to his face, Ted recognizes a bloody hand print. It's not his blood.
24) 8) text: She hangs up. A frustrated Ted hangs up the phone. He walks briskly to elevator. Sarah and Juancho are pouring themselves champagne. They  turn up the television and drink. Juancho shudders at the taste, but tries to drink as much as Sarah. Sarah clearly doesn't like it, but tries to pretend she d Sarah picks up an instruction card near the phone to see to make room-to-room calls.
24) 93) text: Ted breaks into a sprint and dives into a closing elevato
27) 0) text: The elevator door opens and Ted wheels out his tray into hallway. There's been a bit of an effort to make himself appear a less disheveled than in the last scene. He's only minorly successful in the attempt. His uniform still looks like s his hair looks tousled, and he walks with a limp. He wheels the cart up to the penthouse door and KNOCKS at the door. A woman opens the door, it's Angela from Alex's story.
29) 18) text: Chester has the bucket of ice with the finger in it. Leo' trying to direct everything. Everybody's in frantic activ except for Angela, who stands back, drinks her drink, and watches the show. They all run down the hall, toward the  elevator. Somebody trips and they all hit the ground. The bucket of ice with the finger goes spilling. They run aro like crazy, looking for the finger and picking up ice cub Norman lies on the floor and screams. They pick it all up get to the elevator, and push the button. When it arrives, they all dive in except for Angela.