5) 61) dialog: (talking to her cat  in baby talk) Oh you little stinker... oh you sweet  little muffin. Yes... Mama loves the  baby.
5) 63) dialog: Well, this is just darlin'! Just  darlin' Hi-dee, girls...
5) 64) text: Ted carries all her bags inside awkwardly. Again, the pla has become all the more transformed with wild canopies of exotic cloths and fixings. Elspeth and Athena are hard at work on a strange nature sculpture as Jezebel enters. She stands inside the powdered circle and before the hot tub, which now has dark blue water swirling inside. She presen her cat -- upward toward heaven -- frees the cat, bares h breasts and sucks in the vibes: "Ahhhh." Ted settles the bags down, hoping for a peek at her charm but her back is to him. The kitty rubs on her leg. She pi it up and presses it against her bare breasts, petting it sweetly. She winks and hands him a tip.
5) 65) dialog: Toodle-loo.
5) 67) dialog: Well -- I see Elspeth has herself a  new lil' fool -- what the hell is  she doin' here on our night of annual  ritual?
5) 71) dialog: Well now, honey, maybe Juvenile Hall  ain't the best place to find serious  relationship material.
5) 72) text: Elspeth seethes at her. Jezebel acts blithely innocent.
6) 22) dialog: Back home, they jist yank on the  umbilical cord, do a Karate chop on  the mama's belly, and them things  come right out.
6) 44) text: Ted comes out of his daze, looks at the list again and hu off. After he goes, the girls begin to bring forth their  most treasured offerings in ornate ancient bottles, vases vials. Jezebel folds her arms and clears her throat in the direc of Kiva, sitting idly on the edge of the blue water Jacuz with her feet dipping irreverently in the water.
6) 59) text: Kiva nods. Elspeth is enthralled, but from a disgusted "i sound from Jezebel, Elspeth realizes she's revealing this side of her life -- in front of her coven. She nervously  looks around and see all the coven looking at her: a disg Jezebel, an understanding Raven, a preoccupied Eva and an impatient and stern Athena. Elspeth comes to her senses, straightens her posture.
6) 63) dialog: Aw, really now -- child abuse?
6) 79) dialog: Goddess of Light, Goddess of Lust,  To undo this awful spell is a real  must. To bring you life and get you  high I offer the sweat of five men's  thighs.
6) 80) text: The girls moan loudly as they sway. Jezebel places her  offering in the hot tub and bows out, returning to the ci Now Raven comes forth with a small leather canteen. She  unscrews the lid as she offers in her opiate stupor.
6) 88) dialog: Honey, why didn't you just use your  hands? Didn't your mama teach you  not to put them things in your mouth?
6) 104) dialog: Ha! That'll be a first for you.
6) 109) dialog: Elspeth -- honestly now -- some  babysitter you're turnin' out ta be!
8) 12) dialog: Ooohhh honey, you're gonna be sore  tomorra! Didn't your mama teach you  that water strips a girl's  lubrication?
8) 14) dialog: Yeah, when she can't walk... (to Elspeth) I guess you wouldn't have those kinds  of problems -- without penetration.
8) 27) dialog: Honey -- Eva was wearing the face of  someone just fucked good... and the  best actress in this world, or any  other, can't fake a thing like that!
8) 35) dialog: (cuddling her cat) I can't believe we have to carry our  own bags out! My mama would have a  hissy fit!
8) 38) text: They leave the room. Jezebel's cat leaps from her arms as she hoists her luggage. Eva walks out satisfied, thought  perhaps a little sore -- "ouch," she says, and smiles. At takes one last look at their goddess slab.