18) 119) text: Man hangs up the phone and stubs out his cigarette into a already overstuffed ashtray by the bed. Man turns around face the camera. He is a dark and handsome Latin male in mid-30s. Dangerous. Impatient. He walks toward the camera as he continues straightening tie. He stops at the door of the bathroom and watches his Wife and two kids get ready for the party. Wife seems to be a  beautiful woman in her mid-30s. The children are Sarah, n and Juancho, six. Man strikes up another cigarette and finishes his tie. He watches his Wife comb Juancho's hair down and to the s like an idiot. Not being able to stand it anymore, Man tears Juancho awa from his Wife and snatches the comb.
18) 121) text: Man begins to slick Juancho's hair back.
18) 123) text: Juancho is smiling now. He's happy he's going to look lik his dad.
18) 125) text: Juancho looks over at Sarah, who is going through the tor ritual of having her mother brush the tangles out of her  long, unmanageable hair. Wife seems to be taking out her aggressions on the tangle mess. Man is starting to have problems of his own with Juancho' hair. Juancho's hair is thinner than Man's, so it won't s up. Man puts down his cigarette in order to get a better hand on it. We see the frustration growing in his face. Juancho picks up the cigarette and pretends he's smoking  too, just like his dad. Man tears the cigarette away from Juancho and smokes it d to the filter. He looks at his own cool hair, and then do at Juancho's, which won't stay up. Man flicks the cigarette butt into the toilet in frustrat
18) 127) text: In anger, Man starts messing up Juancho's hair.
18) 129) text: Furious, Man simply swipes Juancho's hair back down and t the side, the way Wife had it before. Juancho looks like idiot again.
18) 131) text: Juancho slouches past everyone as he exits the bathroom. Sarah watches him leave as her own hair is finished.
18) 137) text: Sarah has joined Juancho in watching television. Man watches the children watch TV. We can see the wheels  turning in Man's head. He turns back to the bathroom. He watches Wife now. Wheels turning. Practically burning  rubber.
19) 4) dialog: Escaping. Stinks in here, anyway.
19) 5) text: Man bursts through the door of the hotel room and stands the doorway, glaring at the mischievous Juancho. Juancho bangs his head on the window trying to get back  inside. He leaps to the floor and tries to turn on the TV with the remote.
19) 7) text: Juancho turns to Man as if he'd been sitting there watchi television the whole time.
19) 9) dialog: Yes, Papa.
19) 63) text: Juancho turns back to the TV. Sarah stares down Wife.
22) 0) text: Juancho takes off his socks and shoes and throws them ont the floor. Sarah looks at the discarded shoes and socks. CLOSE ON the shoes and socks. Sarah looks over at Juancho's bare feet. Her nose twitche
22) 2) text: Juancho smells his feet.
22) 3) dialog: They don't stink.
22) 4) text: Sarah throws his shoes and socks behind her. They land on the bed. Juancho is flipping channels and finds an interesting sho
22) 5) dialog: Check it out. T &amp; A.
22) 8) dialog: We're supposed to watch TV.
22) 10) text: Juancho rolls up in a ball, the remote tucked in some rec of his stomach. Sarah hits him, then goes to the phone. She punches 0, si on the bed, and checks the name on the name tag pinned to her shirt.
23) 13) text: Juancho turns around. He has a face like someone just lai fart in his nose.
23) 14) dialog: Man, you're the one with the stinky  feet.
23) 17) dialog: Yeah, they do.
23) 19) text: She sticks her foot out for Juancho to smell. He's reluct Fearful.
23) 21) text: He slowly, very slowly... climbs onto the bed and lowers head to her foot. Very slowly. Sarah waits until he's close enough to her foot before sh kicks him in the face, sending him somersaulting off the and crashing to the floor. She grabs the remote control he left behind and changes t channel to a cartoon. Juancho gets up and realizes his defeat. He decides to wa about. Looking for something to do... Sarah tries to ignore him as he stalks the room. It's onl matter of time before he finds mischief. Juancho sees the champagne bucket and Bingo!, he goes for the bottle.
23) 22) dialog: (holding up the bottle) Hey, get a bottle opener!
24) 0) text: Sarah sees Juancho shaking the champagne bottle violently
24) 6) text: The champagne bottle explodes all over Juancho. He looks  surprised.
24) 8) text: She hangs up. A frustrated Ted hangs up the phone. He walks briskly to elevator. Sarah and Juancho are pouring themselves champagne. They  turn up the television and drink. Juancho shudders at the taste, but tries to drink as much as Sarah. Sarah clearly doesn't like it, but tries to pretend she d Sarah picks up an instruction card near the phone to see to make room-to-room calls.
24) 10) dialog: 4-0-9.
24) 13) text: She hangs up. Juancho puts down his champagne glass and searches his  father's coat pocket. He finds a pack of cigarettes and t one out. He puts it in his mouth and pretends to smoke. Sarah checks out the hypodermic needle carefully. She has idea.
24) 25) text: Juancho bites into a Saltine. Sarah simply examines one.
24) 26) dialog: These are old.
24) 29) text: Sarah gives up and throws the cracker back onto the tray. She's a little drunk. Ted picks up the ruined champagne bottle. Juancho dips his crackers and eats them. He makes a face drops a soggy cracker onto the tray.
24) 32) dialog: What about our pajamas?
24) 47) dialog: What happens when it's morning?
24) 59) dialog: Are you watching TV?
24) 62) text: Juancho gets up smiling and tries to run to the bathroom. slams into the wall, hard.
24) 64) text: Juancho walks into the bathroom a little slower, more  cautious. Sarah pours herself another glass. She downs the glass an shudders. She smells the bad smell again. Only now she really smell it. She smells her feet. Nothing. She smells the champagne.  Nothing. Juancho enters the room and sits on the bed. Sarah grabs foot and smells it. She drops his foot. Juancho stares blankly at her. Sarah looks down at the mattress. She smells the mattress Juancho looks at her as if she's drunk. Sarah leaps off the bed and turns on the room lights. She takes a huge swig from the champagne bottle, then stalks  toward the mattress. Juancho leaps off the bed as well and stands back. Sarah pulls the mattress off of the bedsprings enough to what is underneath it. Juancho screams. Sarah is too stunned to scream. Stuffed  into the bedsprings is a woman's dead and beaten corpse.
24) 83) text: Ted is quiet on the line. Thinking. Juancho lights up a cigarette for real and takes nervous  puffs. Sarah carries the phone over to Juancho and snatches the  cigarette away from him. She stuffs it in her own mouth a nervously takes a long drag on it.
24) 88) dialog: Go, sis.
24) 100) text: He sees Juancho with the cigarette hanging out of his mou and rips it away from him. The butt goes flying onto the  carpet near the spreading champagne spill.
24) 118) text: Juancho lights up another cigarette. The champagne spill has spread to the fallen cigarette bu The carpet bursts into flames around the spill.