5) 5) text: ANGLE ON a young punk rocker chick with long orange hair, long leather coat, wearing a tight T-shirt with studs spe "PUSSY" across her breasts. This is Kiva. Kiva is kicking the tar and nicotine outta the cigarette  machine. Just as Ted's eyes grow wide with anxiety, sever packs of smokes drop into the juvenile delinquent's hands
5) 6) dialog: Wait up, gawd! I had to get supplies  for this boring ass night.
5) 9) text: She stares at him without humor. He fumbles for the key. walks around the desk to help her with her black crocodil luggage. Jars clang inside. He is ready to go, but Elspet turns to lecture Kiva on the hazards of smoking, as Kiva  lights up.
5) 11) dialog: You smoke.
5) 13) dialog: (in game-show host  voice) "Hello -- welcome to this week's  edition of the Hypocrite of the Year  Award --"
5) 14) text: As Kiva goes off on her impression of a game-show host,  Elspeth is growing increasingly rageful, like a mother wi an unruly child. Ted waits, luggage in hand.
5) 16) text: She cuts Kiva's ramble off. Kiva blows smoke defiantly.
5) 17) dialog: You're not my mother!
5) 19) dialog: Then why're we sleeping together?
5) 27) text: Ted starts away again, perplexed. He turns for one last l to see Elspeth kneeling before Kiva, who sprawls on the f He shakes his head and leaves.
5) 29) dialog: Why?
5) 31) dialog: I'll watch TV.
5) 33) text: Kiva looks around the room and spies the TV in the hallwa She turns to Elspeth with sarcastic concession.
5) 34) dialog: Okay... Mommy.
5) 35) text: Elspeth bristles as the brat saunters off to the bedroom. Elspeth enters the sacred circle, stands before the altar whips out her sword, and makes a ceremonial gesture point the sword upward, perfectly centered between her breasts. Kiva, behind Elspeth's back, exits from the bedroom doorw into the hall and comes back in, lugging the TV into the  honeymoon bedroom. Elspeth kneels before the altar. Athena enters the room w the "cleansed" artifact and lays the slab in the center o the altar upon the heart-shaped pillows as Elspeth lays h sword next to the rock. The women look upon the union wit tender affection.
5) 37) text: Athena stands up but her reverie is dispelled as she shri Loud TV suddenly blasts from the bedroom and Kiva the bra is trying on the pink negligee over her clothes. Athena t the negligee off the irrepressible youth.
5) 44) dialog: (in a seductive pout) Make me...
5) 51) text: Kiva smirks... yeah, she knows.
5) 53) dialog: And what do I get if I'm sweet?
5) 55) dialog: (seduced now) What?
5) 57) text: And saying this, she kisses Kiva's nose and leaves the ro Kiva is quieted now. As Elspeth closes the bedroom door, has the last word.
5) 59) text: Kiva slinks back on the bed, put in her place -- for now.
5) 66) text: And saying this, she shoos him away. Through the glass do to the bedroom, she sees Kiva sprawled on the bed, writin on herself.
5) 69) dialog: I WANT ROOM SERVICE!!
6) 24) dialog: Oh wow -- if they were really back- to-nature, they'd eat it, like other  mammals do.
6) 36) dialog: And some french fries!
6) 39) dialog: (whining) I want fries -- you dumb jerks with  your stupid fucking ritual!
6) 44) text: Ted comes out of his daze, looks at the list again and hu off. After he goes, the girls begin to bring forth their  most treasured offerings in ornate ancient bottles, vases vials. Jezebel folds her arms and clears her throat in the direc of Kiva, sitting idly on the edge of the blue water Jacuz with her feet dipping irreverently in the water.
6) 46) dialog: What?
6) 48) dialog: Oh, wow, like I'm bummed out that I  can't watch. (whining at Elspeth) I'm bored!
6) 51) dialog: Don't put me in there by myself.  I'll miss you way too much.
6) 53) text: Kiva sees a bit of weakening here; she takes her feet out the Jacuzzi. She begins to speak softly.
6) 54) dialog: Please... if you just lemme... I'll  play dress-up with you, the way you  like it... you know what I mean...  remember...?
6) 55) text: Elspeth begins to weaken. But continues to pull the brat Kiva pours on softer seduction.
6) 56) dialog: We can pretend and I'll do it  exactly... the way you want it...  with the egg whites and the kilt.
6) 57) text: Elspeth is now fully seduced. Kiva takes Elspeth's hand a presses it lightly on her face.
6) 59) text: Kiva nods. Elspeth is enthralled, but from a disgusted "i sound from Jezebel, Elspeth realizes she's revealing this side of her life -- in front of her coven. She nervously  looks around and see all the coven looking at her: a disg Jezebel, an understanding Raven, a preoccupied Eva and an impatient and stern Athena. Elspeth comes to her senses, straightens her posture.
6) 61) dialog: (angrily) No!
6) 62) text: She turns on Elspeth and bites her hand. Elspeth pulls he arm away and grabs Kiva by the hair.
6) 66) text: Elspeth lets go of Kiva's hair. Kiva jerks away from her.
6) 67) dialog: I'm running away from you!
6) 69) text: Kiva stomps off into the bedroom.
6) 108) dialog: Well, gawd -- I need a candy bar or  something -- you haven't fed me all  day. I'm getting all shaky. My blood  sugar's really low.
8) 3) text: She smiles and shuts the door. The other witches are arri with supplies from the garden. Kiva, now having raised he blood sugar, sucks on a lollipop, a sunny girl. She talks Raven, who carries a birch limb.
8) 4) dialog: What's that used for?
8) 6) dialog: Hey -- I wanna be a witch!
8) 17) text: Athena regally leads the ritual as they all bare their br again. Kiva throws off her shirt to join in. As she does, see black bondage tape on her nipples. Elspeth darts a qu look at the tape, looks at the other witches -- not sure likes this -- but she goes with it. The witches sway in a circle, eyes closed, as Eva makes her offering.
8) 36) dialog: (flirtatiously) I'll carry your bags.