28) 0) text: The penthouse is huge, far and away the best suite in the house. And standing in the middle of the biggest room in hotel is the hottest, newest comedy star to burst onto th Hollywood scene in nearly a decade: Chester Rush. At this moment in time, he's the king, and he has the swagger of new king. After only one movie, he's pulled the sword out the stone. And the look on his face says, "King's good."  Surrounding him is his entourage. They all look like once upon a time this evening they were dressed sharp; however at this late hour, everybody looks about as disheveled as Ted. One of the lads, Norman, has planted roots in a comfy cha with his leg thrown over the arm and a bottle of Jim Beam his hand. The second guy, Leo, is in the back of the room pacing ba and forth on the telephone. He is completely oblivious to the rest of the room's activity. In Chester's hand is an ever present glass of champagne,  which he constantly spills as he gestures wildly. Around room are the leftovers: pizza boxes, fast-food hamburgers and empty bottles of Cristal Champagne.
28) 49) text: Leo breaks away from his phone conversation for two secon
28) 50) dialog: Hi, Ted, glad you could make it. (back to phone) What? (pause) What does punctuality have to do  with love?
28) 63) text: Chester improvises a temper tantrum about the flat Crista Everyone looks at him, not knowing what to say. Even Leo  walks over to witness. The whole room is uneasy and a lit frightened. When Chester finishes his tantrum, he turns his attention back to Ted. As he talks to him, he opens up another bott But it's not the rapid-pace delivery Chester has done so  far. It's more troubled and distracted.
28) 65) text: Leo is still in the doorway making sure his boy's cool.
28) 66) dialog: 72.1 million. (worried tone) You okay, champ?
28) 68) text: Leo turns his attention back to the phone and goes inside the room.
28) 104) text: Ted is completely confused and starting to get a little  scared, but he does what he's told. Leo slams down the phone.
28) 105) dialog: Bitch!
28) 107) dialog: Maybe, maybe not, but I don't give a  flyin' fuck either way. I've had it  with that Machiavellian bitch! I'm  too drunk to drive home. I'm sorry  about that, I'm real sorry about  that. I got drunk on New Year's Eve,  cut my fuckin' head off... (noticing Ted at the  bar) What's going on here?
28) 109) dialog: (surprised) Noooo, you're gonna do it?
28) 111) dialog: You guys ain't bullshittin', you're  gonna really go for it?
28) 115) text: Leo walks up to Norman and throws his arm around him.
28) 116) dialog: You are one radical dude.
28) 123) dialog: Chester, your way of breaking the  news to him gently is scarin' the  shit outta him.
28) 132) text: Leo taps his champagne glass with a tiny spoon, shutting  everybody up.
28) 133) dialog: If it'll please the court, let me  explain to Ted our intentions.
28) 138) dialog: Thank you. (to Ted) Ted, did you ever watch the old  "Alfred Hitchcock Show"?
28) 140) dialog: Did you ever see the episode The Man  from Rio, with Peter Lorre and Steve  McQueen?
28) 142) dialog: Oh, you'd remember it all right. In  the show, Peter Lorre makes a bet  that Steve McQueen can't light his  cigarette lighter ten times in a  row. Now if Steve McQueen can light  his cigarette lighter ten times in a  row, he wins Peter Lorre's new car.  If he can't he loses his little  finger. (pause) Norman and Chester just made the  same bet. (pause) Norman's putting up his pinky against  Chester's mint convertible, 1964 red  convertible Chevy Corvelle that he  can light his Zippo ten times in a  row.
28) 151) dialog: And Chester replies...
28) 159) dialog: Why not? Life don't get much more  exciting than this. I mean if Norman  was puttin' his dick on the choppin'  block, I'd step in, 'cause, ya know  in the morning, we'd really regret  that. But his pinky? Who gives a  fuck? I mean theoretically, he could  lose that choppin' onions tomorrow.  Life still goes on.
28) 166) dialog: Eighty percent.
28) 179) dialog: Ted, you're gonna do whatever you  want to do. We're just askin' you to  indulge us for another minute more.  And Chester's willin' to pay for it.
28) 185) dialog: You got it. (he checks his watch) Gentlemen, start your engines.
28) 187) dialog: Begin!
28) 196) dialog: Time!
29) 18) text: Chester has the bucket of ice with the finger in it. Leo' trying to direct everything. Everybody's in frantic activ except for Angela, who stands back, drinks her drink, and watches the show. They all run down the hall, toward the  elevator. Somebody trips and they all hit the ground. The bucket of ice with the finger goes spilling. They run aro like crazy, looking for the finger and picking up ice cub Norman lies on the floor and screams. They pick it all up get to the elevator, and push the button. When it arrives, they all dive in except for Angela.