0) 0) text: The big empty lobby of the Mon Signor. You can tell that one point this used to be a swank place. It still is, kin It's also kinda decrepit. The concierge -- a snappy, fast talking, red-haired young woman in a blue blazer named Be stands behind the reception desk. The old man, suitcase i hand, makes a beeline through the lobby, heading toward t front door. Betty sees him.
2) 2) text: Ted strains as he uses all his cojones to lift the insane heavy bag onto the cart. Athena tips the cab driver, stin The driver winces and gets in the cab. Ted has now manage with grunts and groans and strained blood vessels to put  this thing on the cart. The cab skids away. Athena looks Ted, who is out of breath.
5) 45) text: Elspeth becomes anxious with jealousy. Athena is exaspera as she firmly demands from Elspeth --
6) 31) text: Ted sighs as Eva enters the circle with her black pot. Sh kneels softly, holds her hands in piety before the altar, and softly incants as she offers her pot and places it on the altar. The stone and sword and flowers now rest here pillows covered in chiffon scarves. The negligee hangs fr the mantel, the slippers underneath as if expecting someo to materialize into the garments.
13) 8) text: In a flash the lights switch on and Ted finds himself sta down the barrel of a pretty intense-looking .357 Magnum,  cocked and ready to fire. At the other end of the gun sta a 50-year-old man, Sigfried, who sports a Cheshire Cat sm and a "just try fuckin' with me" look on his face. Sigfri isn't the only person in the room. Directly behind him si a beautiful young woman, Angela, gagged and bound to a ch Ted drops the bucket to the floor.
15) 10) text: The directness of Sigfried's command, coupled with the SO of a trigger being cocked, forces Ted to approach Angela. Angela is a stunning beauty, and Ted being kind of a shy makes for an awkward situation. Ted leans forward. As he  closes in, Angela's eyes close.
15) 32) text: Sigfried manages to steady the gun and point it directly Ted. He signals for Ted to go to the bathroom.
17) 0) text: Ted sees Eva bopping naked past the window. He shouts her name out, to no avail. The MUSIC drowns out his voice and they ignore his calls help. The blood rushes to his head. He lets himself hang  there for a moment. He wonders how many other people have found themselves in situations like this before him. Prob everyone. Right next to his face, Ted recognizes a bloody hand print. It's not his blood.
18) 0) text: Ted hears a sound from above and twists himself around,  spotting a young man (previously seen as the Yuppie Scumb on the phone) leaning out of the window directly above hi After a quick moment of sizing him up, Ted gathers himsel
18) 6) text: The young man manages to belt out the word "ice" just bef hurling a mouthful of vomit toward Ted. It takes all Ted' strength to dodge the puke and pull himself back into the bathroom. He falls back on the floor. He props himself up and checks for damage. He notices  something odd... the room is silent. No Sigfried. He walk into the bedroom.
18) 50) text: Angela is on a roll. She fires the words at Sigfried, hit him pointblank. He staggers. He pleads with her to stop,  covering his ears. Ted watches the man crumble.
18) 52) text: Sigfried tries jamming the sock back in her mouth to stop the flow; she manages to give him a "fuck of a bite" in t process. Meanwhile, Ted figures this to be his moment to  make a move and bolts for the door, only to be tackled by Sigfried at the one-yard line. After a struggle, the two rest on the floor, catching their breath in a relaxed emb
18) 118) dialog: Bottle of Moet et Chandon. Fast.
18) 119) text: Man hangs up the phone and stubs out his cigarette into a already overstuffed ashtray by the bed. Man turns around face the camera. He is a dark and handsome Latin male in mid-30s. Dangerous. Impatient. He walks toward the camera as he continues straightening tie. He stops at the door of the bathroom and watches his Wife and two kids get ready for the party. Wife seems to be a  beautiful woman in her mid-30s. The children are Sarah, n and Juancho, six. Man strikes up another cigarette and finishes his tie. He watches his Wife comb Juancho's hair down and to the s like an idiot. Not being able to stand it anymore, Man tears Juancho awa from his Wife and snatches the comb.
18) 120) dialog: Give me that...
18) 121) text: Man begins to slick Juancho's hair back.
18) 122) dialog: There... see? You look cool with  your hair up like this. Like me...
18) 124) dialog: Not down and to the side, all stupid  like your mom likes to comb it.
18) 125) text: Juancho looks over at Sarah, who is going through the tor ritual of having her mother brush the tangles out of her  long, unmanageable hair. Wife seems to be taking out her aggressions on the tangle mess. Man is starting to have problems of his own with Juancho' hair. Juancho's hair is thinner than Man's, so it won't s up. Man puts down his cigarette in order to get a better hand on it. We see the frustration growing in his face. Juancho picks up the cigarette and pretends he's smoking  too, just like his dad. Man tears the cigarette away from Juancho and smokes it d to the filter. He looks at his own cool hair, and then do at Juancho's, which won't stay up. Man flicks the cigarette butt into the toilet in frustrat
18) 126) dialog: You've got your mother's hair.
18) 127) text: In anger, Man starts messing up Juancho's hair.
18) 128) dialog: I can't do anything with it.
18) 129) text: Furious, Man simply swipes Juancho's hair back down and t the side, the way Wife had it before. Juancho looks like idiot again.
18) 130) dialog: There. Go.
18) 133) text: Sarah exits. Wife then finishes her own gorgeous hair. Man lights up a new cigarette.
18) 135) text: Man blows smoke in Wife's face as he walks out of the  bathroom.
18) 137) text: Sarah has joined Juancho in watching television. Man watches the children watch TV. We can see the wheels  turning in Man's head. He turns back to the bathroom. He watches Wife now. Wheels turning. Practically burning  rubber.
18) 138) dialog: Hey.
18) 140) dialog: (shrugs) Let's just leave the kids here.
18) 143) dialog: No... with the television.
18) 145) dialog: You want to have fun tonight, don't  you?
18) 147) dialog: They'll be fine.
18) 149) dialog: Hey.
18) 151) dialog: You guys are going to stay here and  watch TV.
18) 153) dialog: I want you to be in bed asleep before  twelve. Your mother and I will be  back later on.
18) 155) dialog: Okay?
18) 156) text: He blows one kiss. One for both of them. As Man and his Wife walk out the door, Man turns back to children...
18) 157) dialog: Don't misbehave.
18) 158) text: He closes the door. Sarah stands in the middle of the room. She's looking at door Man and Wife just disappeared through. Stunned. Her dress looks frilly and beautifully uncomfortable. She touches the edges of the fabric.
19) 0) text: Man and Wife are walking down the hall. Man stops in his tracks. Wife stops too and looks at Man. They wait.
19) 5) text: Man bursts through the door of the hotel room and stands the doorway, glaring at the mischievous Juancho. Juancho bangs his head on the window trying to get back  inside. He leaps to the floor and tries to turn on the TV with the remote.
19) 6) dialog: (stern) What did I say?
19) 7) text: Juancho turns to Man as if he'd been sitting there watchi television the whole time.
19) 8) dialog: Behave.
19) 10) text: Ted appears at the door with Man's champagne.
19) 12) dialog: No time for this. Leave it on ice.
19) 15) text: Ted is torn. Man pushes him into the room.
19) 16) dialog: There'll be plenty for you and the  party, baby, you can bomb yourself  all you want at the party.
19) 18) text: Ted places the bucket near the bed. After setting up the  bottle, he turns to leave, but now Man closes the door,  trapping Ted inside with them.
19) 19) dialog: (to Ted) Hey.
19) 20) text: Ted looks around, bewildered. Now what? Man is reaching into his coat pocket.
19) 21) dialog: You want five hundred bucks?
19) 23) text: Man hesitates a moment, then pulls out his wallet. That w too easy.
19) 24) dialog: How about three?
19) 26) dialog: Yeah.
19) 28) dialog: My children are staying here tonight  watching TV. I want you to check up  on them every thirty minutes.
19) 30) dialog: Make sure they're all right, make  sure they're fed, make sure they go  to bed.
19) 32) dialog: I don't trust babysitters. My children  are safer alone than with some fucked- up pedophile babysitter I don't know  from the man in the fucking moon.
19) 34) text: Man grabs Ted's face and tilts it torward Wife.
19) 35) dialog: Tell me that's not a face you can  trust.
19) 36) text: Man lets go of Ted's face. He feels his jaw. It's still t
19) 38) text: Man whips out his wallet and counts out money in Ted's fa
19) 39) dialog: One hundred... two hundred... three  hundred...
19) 41) text: Man glares at Ted.
19) 42) dialog: I said three hundred.
19) 45) text: The angrier Man gets, the quieter he talks.
19) 46) dialog: You calling me a liar?
19) 49) text: Man has never been challenged like this by a fuckin' bell
19) 50) dialog: I don't do anything accidentally,  jerk. I might've first said five  hundred, but what I last said was  three hundred, and what you say last  is what counts.
19) 51) text: Ted not only doesn't back down, but psychologically pokes his finger in the scary Man's chest.
19) 53) text: Man's eyes narrow. He physically pokes his finger in Ted' chest.
19) 54) dialog: You fuckin' with me, Pendejo?
19) 57) dialog: You callin' my kids a pain in the  ass?
19) 59) text: Man drops the tenseness.
19) 60) dialog: No, you were right the first time.  You win, tough guy, five hundred.
19) 61) text: Man respects Ted for not backing down, but not insulting either. A skill Man never learned. Wife shoots a look at children.
19) 64) dialog: (looking at name tag) What's your name? Ted?
19) 67) text: Man tears off Ted's name tag and throws it to children.
19) 68) dialog: (to the children) His name is Ted. If you need anything,  dial 0 and ask for Ted.
19) 71) dialog: (deadly whisper) If something happens to my children,  I wouldn't want to be you.
19) 76) text: As Man and Wife exit, he turns to the kids and says:
19) 77) dialog: Don't misbehave.
19) 78) text: Man closes the door.
20) 0) text: Man and Wife book it down the hall before Ted can change mind.
24) 64) text: Juancho walks into the bathroom a little slower, more  cautious. Sarah pours herself another glass. She downs the glass an shudders. She smells the bad smell again. Only now she really smell it. She smells her feet. Nothing. She smells the champagne.  Nothing. Juancho enters the room and sits on the bed. Sarah grabs foot and smells it. She drops his foot. Juancho stares blankly at her. Sarah looks down at the mattress. She smells the mattress Juancho looks at her as if she's drunk. Sarah leaps off the bed and turns on the room lights. She takes a huge swig from the champagne bottle, then stalks  toward the mattress. Juancho leaps off the bed as well and stands back. Sarah pulls the mattress off of the bedsprings enough to what is underneath it. Juancho screams. Sarah is too stunned to scream. Stuffed  into the bedsprings is a woman's dead and beaten corpse.
25) 3) dialog: Did they misbehave?
25) 4) text: Ted stares blankly at Man (the camera) as the sprinklers  burst on... drenching the room as the picture
27) 0) text: The elevator door opens and Ted wheels out his tray into hallway. There's been a bit of an effort to make himself appear a less disheveled than in the last scene. He's only minorly successful in the attempt. His uniform still looks like s his hair looks tousled, and he walks with a limp. He wheels the cart up to the penthouse door and KNOCKS at the door. A woman opens the door, it's Angela from Alex's story.
28) 0) text: The penthouse is huge, far and away the best suite in the house. And standing in the middle of the biggest room in hotel is the hottest, newest comedy star to burst onto th Hollywood scene in nearly a decade: Chester Rush. At this moment in time, he's the king, and he has the swagger of new king. After only one movie, he's pulled the sword out the stone. And the look on his face says, "King's good."  Surrounding him is his entourage. They all look like once upon a time this evening they were dressed sharp; however at this late hour, everybody looks about as disheveled as Ted. One of the lads, Norman, has planted roots in a comfy cha with his leg thrown over the arm and a bottle of Jim Beam his hand. The second guy, Leo, is in the back of the room pacing ba and forth on the telephone. He is completely oblivious to the rest of the room's activity. In Chester's hand is an ever present glass of champagne,  which he constantly spills as he gestures wildly. Around room are the leftovers: pizza boxes, fast-food hamburgers and empty bottles of Cristal Champagne.
28) 23) text: Norman in the chair starts yelling at Ted.
28) 47) text: Norman shakes his hand.
28) 56) text: Chester takes a drink of champagne, a disgusted look cros his face, and he slowly puts it down. His manner gives the room a chill. When he talks, he addresses the room.
28) 98) text: Ted holds the hatchet out for Chester to take. Norman sna it instead.
28) 100) text: Norman touches the end of the blade with his thumb.
28) 115) text: Leo walks up to Norman and throws his arm around him.
28) 147) text: Norman lays an issue of Hot Classic Cars in front of Ted the bar. On the cover is a picture of Chester smiling,  standing next to a beautiful 1964 red convertible Chevy  Corvelle. The headline reads: "Hollywood's Hottest New St Next to America's Hottest Old Car."
29) 7) text: Everybody gets in their position by the bar. Norman lays left hand on the block of wood with his pinky sticking ou In his right hand is his Zippo lighter, poised and ready strike. Chester hands Ted the meat cleaver. Ted takes it, raises it up above Norman's finger, in posi
29) 15) text: Norman looks hard at the Zippo in his hand. Ted, holding cleaver, stares focused on Norman's pinky. Norman readies himself. Places his thumb on the wheel in the Zippo. Takes a breath. And strikes. It sparks, but doesn't light. Without missing a beat, Ted brings down the cleaver, slic off Norman's pinky. Norman lets out a scream. Ted, in one move, lays down the cleaver, scoops up the mo and walks out the door.
29) 18) text: Chester has the bucket of ice with the finger in it. Leo' trying to direct everything. Everybody's in frantic activ except for Angela, who stands back, drinks her drink, and watches the show. They all run down the hall, toward the  elevator. Somebody trips and they all hit the ground. The bucket of ice with the finger goes spilling. They run aro like crazy, looking for the finger and picking up ice cub Norman lies on the floor and screams. They pick it all up get to the elevator, and push the button. When it arrives, they all dive in except for Angela.
29) 20) text: The doors close on the screaming maniacs. Angela walks through a door marked "Stairway."