28) 0) text: The penthouse is huge, far and away the best suite in the house. And standing in the middle of the biggest room in hotel is the hottest, newest comedy star to burst onto th Hollywood scene in nearly a decade: Chester Rush. At this moment in time, he's the king, and he has the swagger of new king. After only one movie, he's pulled the sword out the stone. And the look on his face says, "King's good."  Surrounding him is his entourage. They all look like once upon a time this evening they were dressed sharp; however at this late hour, everybody looks about as disheveled as Ted. One of the lads, Norman, has planted roots in a comfy cha with his leg thrown over the arm and a bottle of Jim Beam his hand. The second guy, Leo, is in the back of the room pacing ba and forth on the telephone. He is completely oblivious to the rest of the room's activity. In Chester's hand is an ever present glass of champagne,  which he constantly spills as he gestures wildly. Around room are the leftovers: pizza boxes, fast-food hamburgers and empty bottles of Cristal Champagne.
28) 23) text: Norman in the chair starts yelling at Ted.
28) 24) dialog: Bellboy! Bellboy! Bellboy!
28) 46) dialog: What's up?
28) 47) text: Norman shakes his hand.
28) 60) dialog: What's wrong, Chester?
28) 77) dialog: Damn Skippy! (pause) Tell it.
28) 83) dialog: Why three nails?
28) 90) dialog: (to Chester) I'm into it.
28) 98) text: Ted holds the hatchet out for Chester to take. Norman sna it instead.
28) 99) dialog: I'll be the judge.
28) 100) text: Norman touches the end of the blade with his thumb.
28) 102) dialog: That's a sharp motherfucker. Bring  all this bullshit over to the bar.
28) 106) dialog: You still married?
28) 110) dialog: Looks like.
28) 115) text: Leo walks up to Norman and throws his arm around him.
28) 134) dialog: (yelling) I second the nomination!
28) 146) dialog: I'll tell ya what I'm doin'.
28) 147) text: Norman lays an issue of Hot Classic Cars in front of Ted the bar. On the cover is a picture of Chester smiling,  standing next to a beautiful 1964 red convertible Chevy  Corvelle. The headline reads: "Hollywood's Hottest New St Next to America's Hottest Old Car."
28) 148) dialog: I drive a motherfuckin' Honda my  sister sold me. You hear what I'm  sayin'? A little white motherfuckin'  Honda Civic. (he holds up the  magazine) You see this shit?! (reading the magazine) "Hollywood's hottest new star, next  to America's hottest old car." (he hands Ted the  magazine) Now you take a good look at that  machine that this motherfucker over  here is standing next to. That's a  1964 nigger-red, rag-top Chevy  Corvelle. And I love that car more'n  I love hips, lips, and fingertips.  Cut to we sittin' here celebrating,  gettin' high, drinkin' champagne --
28) 150) dialog: -- drinkin' Cristal. Watchin' TV.  "Rockin' New Year's Eve." When all  of a sudden we flip on Steve McQueen  and Peter Lorre bein' fuckin' badass.  And I look at this funny motherfucker  over here, and I say, "I'd do that  for the Chevelle."
28) 155) dialog: I think that pretty much goes without  sayin'. We'd probably chicken out.  But when you're fucked-up, you don't  lie. You tell the fuckin' truth. And  the fuckin' truth is, my lucky Zippo's  gonna win me Chester's car.
28) 167) dialog: Our side.
28) 190) dialog: You can buy a lot of soup with that  pile.
29) 6) dialog: Here, here.
29) 7) text: Everybody gets in their position by the bar. Norman lays left hand on the block of wood with his pinky sticking ou In his right hand is his Zippo lighter, poised and ready strike. Chester hands Ted the meat cleaver. Ted takes it, raises it up above Norman's finger, in posi
29) 11) dialog: Ready!
29) 15) text: Norman looks hard at the Zippo in his hand. Ted, holding cleaver, stares focused on Norman's pinky. Norman readies himself. Places his thumb on the wheel in the Zippo. Takes a breath. And strikes. It sparks, but doesn't light. Without missing a beat, Ted brings down the cleaver, slic off Norman's pinky. Norman lets out a scream. Ted, in one move, lays down the cleaver, scoops up the mo and walks out the door.
29) 17) dialog: My finger, my fucking finger!!
29) 18) text: Chester has the bucket of ice with the finger in it. Leo' trying to direct everything. Everybody's in frantic activ except for Angela, who stands back, drinks her drink, and watches the show. They all run down the hall, toward the  elevator. Somebody trips and they all hit the ground. The bucket of ice with the finger goes spilling. They run aro like crazy, looking for the finger and picking up ice cub Norman lies on the floor and screams. They pick it all up get to the elevator, and push the button. When it arrives, they all dive in except for Angela.