5) 74) dialog: I'm looking for the room for making  love.
5) 76) dialog: Oh I know the way. I just wanted you  to know that I knew where I was going  and that you needn't bother yourself  with me. The others are here -- great!
5) 78) dialog: (in deep empathy) Ohhh... I know it all seems very  strange but you're coping with us  much better than the bellboys of  past New Year's.
5) 80) dialog: Oh yes -- we've been coming here  every New Year... for a long time.  Thanks for your patience.
5) 82) dialog: I travel very light.
6) 26) dialog: In some Native American cultures,  they dry the umbilical cord, grind  it to a fine powder, and put it in a  leather pouch that the baby wears to  ward off evil. But burying the  placenta is also a very sound  ecological practice -- 'cause of the  oxygen it carries.
6) 59) text: Kiva nods. Elspeth is enthralled, but from a disgusted "i sound from Jezebel, Elspeth realizes she's revealing this side of her life -- in front of her coven. She nervously  looks around and see all the coven looking at her: a disg Jezebel, an understanding Raven, a preoccupied Eva and an impatient and stern Athena. Elspeth comes to her senses, straightens her posture.
6) 80) text: The girls moan loudly as they sway. Jezebel places her  offering in the hot tub and bows out, returning to the ci Now Raven comes forth with a small leather canteen. She  unscrews the lid as she offers in her opiate stupor.
6) 81) dialog: Diana, oh great one, we live without  sun Until this wicked curse is undone.  In hope that you live, and to us  appear, I have collected a year's  worth of tears.
6) 89) dialog: I understand though...
8) 3) text: She smiles and shuts the door. The other witches are arri with supplies from the garden. Kiva, now having raised he blood sugar, sucks on a lollipop, a sunny girl. She talks Raven, who carries a birch limb.
8) 5) dialog: It's a birch branch, symbolizing  eternal life. You can also use the  bark for a tea which assists in astral  travel.
8) 13) dialog: Sex in water is great in the movies,  not in real life... but you will  learn. As we all did.
8) 29) dialog: It could be done...