18) 119) text: Man hangs up the phone and stubs out his cigarette into a already overstuffed ashtray by the bed. Man turns around face the camera. He is a dark and handsome Latin male in mid-30s. Dangerous. Impatient. He walks toward the camera as he continues straightening tie. He stops at the door of the bathroom and watches his Wife and two kids get ready for the party. Wife seems to be a  beautiful woman in her mid-30s. The children are Sarah, n and Juancho, six. Man strikes up another cigarette and finishes his tie. He watches his Wife comb Juancho's hair down and to the s like an idiot. Not being able to stand it anymore, Man tears Juancho awa from his Wife and snatches the comb.
18) 125) text: Juancho looks over at Sarah, who is going through the tor ritual of having her mother brush the tangles out of her  long, unmanageable hair. Wife seems to be taking out her aggressions on the tangle mess. Man is starting to have problems of his own with Juancho' hair. Juancho's hair is thinner than Man's, so it won't s up. Man puts down his cigarette in order to get a better hand on it. We see the frustration growing in his face. Juancho picks up the cigarette and pretends he's smoking  too, just like his dad. Man tears the cigarette away from Juancho and smokes it d to the filter. He looks at his own cool hair, and then do at Juancho's, which won't stay up. Man flicks the cigarette butt into the toilet in frustrat
18) 131) text: Juancho slouches past everyone as he exits the bathroom. Sarah watches him leave as her own hair is finished.
18) 133) text: Sarah exits. Wife then finishes her own gorgeous hair. Man lights up a new cigarette.
18) 137) text: Sarah has joined Juancho in watching television. Man watches the children watch TV. We can see the wheels  turning in Man's head. He turns back to the bathroom. He watches Wife now. Wheels turning. Practically burning  rubber.
18) 158) text: He closes the door. Sarah stands in the middle of the room. She's looking at door Man and Wife just disappeared through. Stunned. Her dress looks frilly and beautifully uncomfortable. She touches the edges of the fabric.
18) 159) dialog: Why did we have to get all dressed  up if we weren't going with them?
19) 3) dialog: What are you doing?
19) 63) text: Juancho turns back to the TV. Sarah stares down Wife.
19) 69) text: Sarah catches the name tag and reads the name on it: "TED
20) 5) text: Sarah laughs at his joke.
20) 9) dialog: That's not what he said.
20) 11) dialog: He said to call if we need anything.
20) 13) dialog: We paid you five hundred dollars.  We'll call you if we need anything.  You don't want to upset my dad.
22) 0) text: Juancho takes off his socks and shoes and throws them ont the floor. Sarah looks at the discarded shoes and socks. CLOSE ON the shoes and socks. Sarah looks over at Juancho's bare feet. Her nose twitche
22) 1) dialog: Your feet stink.
22) 4) text: Sarah throws his shoes and socks behind her. They land on the bed. Juancho is flipping channels and finds an interesting sho
22) 6) text: Sarah realizes he found a Nudie station.
22) 7) dialog: Change it. You're not supposed to  watch this.
22) 9) dialog: Not this kind of TV. Change it.
22) 10) text: Juancho rolls up in a ball, the remote tucked in some rec of his stomach. Sarah hits him, then goes to the phone. She punches 0, si on the bed, and checks the name on the name tag pinned to her shirt.
23) 0) text: Sarah is taking off her white winter tights.
23) 1) dialog: Ted? Hi. It's me, Sarah. You're our  sitter for tonight.
23) 3) dialog: I want you to turn off the Nudie  station in our room.
23) 6) dialog: No. (struggling with winter  tights) Not turn it on, turn it off. It's  already on.
23) 8) dialog: Well, stop listening to the machine  and listen to me. There's naked ladies  dancing on my TV and I want 'em off.
23) 12) dialog: Change the channel, now!
23) 15) text: Sarah smells her feet. Twice.
23) 16) dialog: They don't stink.
23) 18) dialog: Here, smell for yourself.
23) 20) dialog: Go ahead.
23) 21) text: He slowly, very slowly... climbs onto the bed and lowers head to her foot. Very slowly. Sarah waits until he's close enough to her foot before sh kicks him in the face, sending him somersaulting off the and crashing to the floor. She grabs the remote control he left behind and changes t channel to a cartoon. Juancho gets up and realizes his defeat. He decides to wa about. Looking for something to do... Sarah tries to ignore him as he stalks the room. It's onl matter of time before he finds mischief. Juancho sees the champagne bucket and Bingo!, he goes for the bottle.
23) 23) text: Sarah opens her mouth, as if about to tell him to leave t champagne alone. She stops herself when she realizes she  wants some champagne too. She quickly scrambles about for a bottle opener while Jua unwraps the bottle top. Sarah opens the dresser drawer with such force that a few hidden contents long forgotten in the back of the drawer  slide forward. Some coins, a paperclip, and a hypodermic needle. She loo down at the needle that lays beside the Gideon Bible and  casually picks the phone back up and punches 0. The phone rings.
24) 0) text: Sarah sees Juancho shaking the champagne bottle violently
24) 1) dialog: Don't shake it! (into phone) Ted? Hi. It's me. Sarah.
24) 3) dialog: I thought I'd tell you that your  cleaning ladies are doing a bum job.  There's all kinds of leftover stuff  around here.
24) 4) text: Sarah picks up the needle and rolls it over in her hand  several times.
24) 5) dialog: Needles and things. We're not supposed  to have needles here, are we? I mean,  they don't come with the room, do  they? Send someone up here to clean  this place up right.
24) 7) dialog: (to Juancho) I TOLD YOU NOT TO SHAKE IT! (to Ted) I gotta go. My brother just exploded  the champagne all over the room. Oh,  and bring us a couple of toothbrushes.  There's a card in the bathroom that  says you'll bring free toothbrushes  if we ask for them.
24) 8) text: She hangs up. A frustrated Ted hangs up the phone. He walks briskly to elevator. Sarah and Juancho are pouring themselves champagne. They  turn up the television and drink. Juancho shudders at the taste, but tries to drink as much as Sarah. Sarah clearly doesn't like it, but tries to pretend she d Sarah picks up an instruction card near the phone to see to make room-to-room calls.
24) 9) dialog: I'm calling another room, give me  three numbers.
24) 11) text: Sarah punches in the room number. The phone rings. She holds the needle up to the light to examine it.
24) 12) dialog: Hello? Hi. You don't know me, and I  don't know you, but... do you have  any needles? We've got needles here  and I was wondering if they come  with the room or not. Don't have  any? Thanks. Just checking.
24) 13) text: She hangs up. Juancho puts down his champagne glass and searches his  father's coat pocket. He finds a pack of cigarettes and t one out. He puts it in his mouth and pretends to smoke. Sarah checks out the hypodermic needle carefully. She has idea.
24) 14) text: In the bathroom, Sarah seeks out her mother's lipstick.
24) 16) dialog: (pointing out the  rules) The center is the bull's eye, 100  points, this one's 10 points, this  one's 20 points.
24) 18) dialog: Hey, wait a minute. Let me get out  of the way!
24) 19) text: Sarah, a little tipsy now, grabs the needle and staggers the bed. She hears the key in the doorway and throws the  needle into the curtain to hide it. Ted enters the room, somewhat disheveled from his encount with Sigfried. He has a tray and a new bottle of champagn He puts the champagne bottle into the empty bucket. He sp the original bottle lying on the floor half empty and dri into the carpet.
24) 21) dialog: We're going to sleep now?
24) 23) dialog: Those aren't milk and cookies.
24) 25) text: Juancho bites into a Saltine. Sarah simply examines one.
24) 27) dialog: They're stale.
24) 29) text: Sarah gives up and throws the cracker back onto the tray. She's a little drunk. Ted picks up the ruined champagne bottle. Juancho dips his crackers and eats them. He makes a face drops a soggy cracker onto the tray.
24) 36) text: The kids lie on the bed. Sarah notices a jar of Mentholatum ointment on the dinner tray.
24) 37) dialog: What's that?
24) 49) dialog: Did you ever open your eyes?
24) 61) dialog: Yep. If you wanna watch too, you  have to go wash your face.
24) 63) dialog: Be careful...
24) 64) text: Juancho walks into the bathroom a little slower, more  cautious. Sarah pours herself another glass. She downs the glass an shudders. She smells the bad smell again. Only now she really smell it. She smells her feet. Nothing. She smells the champagne.  Nothing. Juancho enters the room and sits on the bed. Sarah grabs foot and smells it. She drops his foot. Juancho stares blankly at her. Sarah looks down at the mattress. She smells the mattress Juancho looks at her as if she's drunk. Sarah leaps off the bed and turns on the room lights. She takes a huge swig from the champagne bottle, then stalks  toward the mattress. Juancho leaps off the bed as well and stands back. Sarah pulls the mattress off of the bedsprings enough to what is underneath it. Juancho screams. Sarah is too stunned to scream. Stuffed  into the bedsprings is a woman's dead and beaten corpse.
24) 68) dialog: Ted!
24) 70) dialog: (near tears) I don't know, but she's in my bed!
24) 72) dialog: There's a dead body in my bed!
24) 74) dialog: No, there's a woman's dead body inside  the bed, in the mattress.
24) 76) dialog: Yes!
24) 78) text: Ted hangs up the phone. Sarah redials. Ted answers.
24) 80) dialog: (crying now) I washed it off...
24) 82) dialog: (pissed, drunk) Yeah, didn't you ever think to do  that?
24) 83) text: Ted is quiet on the line. Thinking. Juancho lights up a cigarette for real and takes nervous  puffs. Sarah carries the phone over to Juancho and snatches the  cigarette away from him. She stuffs it in her own mouth a nervously takes a long drag on it.
24) 84) dialog: (through cigarette) You never tried it, did you? Then  you agree I'm smarter than you...
24) 86) dialog: Get your ass up here and call the  police, because there's a dead body  in my bed and it smells like shit  and it looks even worse, and if you  don't help us, my dad is gonna lay  you down right next to her, I swear  to fucking God!
24) 102) dialog: Check under the mattress!
24) 104) dialog: (crying) For the body, can't you smell it?
24) 106) text: Sarah grabs the mattress and pulls it off herself. Ted sees the rotting corpse. Vomit spews out of Ted's mouth.
24) 110) text: Tears well in Sarah's eyes as she looks at the body.
24) 111) dialog: Don't call her that...
24) 113) dialog: Stop calling her that!!
24) 114) text: Sarah grabs the hypodermic needle from under the curtain stabs it into Ted's leg.
24) 116) text: Sarah steps back, almost tripping over the champagne bott She picks up the bottle and holds it defensively in case tries to retaliate. Ted spins around, now noticing the ne sticking out of his leg.