3) 0) text: A CLEANING WOMAN leans down over the “Golden Spike” diora CLOSE UP on FROZEN Jedediah: the Woman holds up a HUGE ca PLEDGE in his face. With a BLAST of Pledge, ali of the ti COWBOYS are blown backwards like bowling pins. i
4) 4) text: A BOX OF STYROFCAM PEANUTS. The ROMANS tumble end-over-en into the Styrofoam. Jedediah and Octavius land nose to no More styrofoam is dumped on top of; them.
6) 67) dialog: vYou're darn tootin’ it’s me, Gigantor. Now get us outta here! Larry comes over, opens the lid allowing Jedediah and Cctavius to climb up and sit on the edge.
6) 74) dialog: Isn't that great?!
6) 76) dialog: We're going to the Federal Archives! Everyone CHEERS.
6) 80) dialog: phis is the last frontier, Flapjack! We t get to stake our own claim. No more prying eyes, no more children with their sticky pokey fingers. Why do I even have to explain this to you, Gigantor? We're talkin’ about the Federal Archives. It's like a resort for displays. (shouts to the others) When I say “AR!” you say “CHIVES!”
6) 84) dialog: 
6) 95) text: JEDEDIAH (CONT‘D) (quietly) You really reckon this Archive place is gonna be okay? Not that I'm worried... Larry considers the little cowboy a moment, then...
6) 97) dialog: (thrilled) That's what I thought. He lays back in the straw beside a now snoring Octavius, lies curled up around a styrofoam packing peanut.
6) 99) dialog: Vaya con dios, Gigantor. Larry hesitates, checks to make sure the top is sealed, l his hand linger a moment longer there, (CONTINUED)
7) 11) dialog: Gigantor! You gotta come quick! harry packs up out > cn the kitchen, looks at the machine.
7) 12) dialog: Thig place ain’t what I thought: Turne out Ahkmenrah wasn’t an only child-- and his brother’s really-- HEY-~ We hear a STRUGGLE ON THE OTHER END and then the line goe dead... we hear a DIAL TONE, and then the machine resets. The message light now BLINKING. Nick looks at Larry.
16) 55) dialog: Yeah, don’t give him the Tablet, Gigantor! He’s helpless without it! Up on top of one of the crates, OCTAVIUS is crouched, watching the scene intensely, silently...
23) 0) text: General Custer along with Jedediah and the rest of Larry‘ New York friends sit glumly inside the crate. Well, excep for Custer who’s brushing his hair, like a vain teenage g counting each stroke...
24) 3) dialog: Whatta you want, King Tut? Oh, please, Tut was an idiot, nothing more than a preening adolescent. I assure you, if he hadn't been unearthed at the right time, no one ever would’ve uttered his catchy little name. (then) You are here, Mr. Tiny Cowboy, to help guarantee the safe return of the tablet. (MORE) (CONTINUED)
24) 11) dialog: Okay, now you're really chafin’ my chaps... Napoleon's Men drag Larry and Amelia in and throw them do Kahmunrah eyes Larry, and strolls down from his throne.
24) 39) dialog: (from under the lid) Hey, Ca-Ca-rah, maybe your dead birdie army got bored after a few thousand years and deserted you.
24) 92) dialog: Hey! This isn’t necessary... Kahmunrah flips the hourglass. IN THE HOURGLASS: Jed is b BURIED by sand,
41) 8) dialog: Cow poke. I am an experienced cow poke. I haven’t been a cow “boy” in years, Can‘t you see how that infantilizes mel
41) 27) dialog: What are you talking about?
41) 31) dialog: (to Larry) Don't you get it, Gigantor? 1 didn't call you because we needed you. I mean, sure, we were in a pickle, but wouldn't be the first time we had to wrassle our way cut of a root sack. No, partner, I called you because you needed us. That fancy suit you been paradin’ ‘round in these past couple years? That there’s a hangin’ suit. All gussied up, but dead inside. That ain’t you. Larry looks at him, touched, when A CRACK of thunder’ sha the Museum... Everyone jumps. Fach of the nine pieces on the Tablet begins to spin, They stop sequentially, like 2 slot mac to be in a trance --
41) 35) dialog: Um... I’d like to wake up now please. Larry backs off as Horus march towards him,
41) 45) dialog: Oh, you're ina world-a-hurt now, Kahmunrah, Kahmunrah squints to see him. He laughs. This? Taig is your big rescue? A little gladiator on a squirrel? He picks up Octavius off of the squirrel by the scruff of neck and holds him up, laughing.
41) 157) dialog: But they don’t want us there anymore, Gigantor.
42) 34) dialog: There she goes...