4) 7) dialog: Where are my men?
4) 9) dialog: Citizens of San Mateo, we are no longer simply Californians... we are now Americans! The crowd ERUPTS. Sombreros FLY. A great celebration is taking place. The governor offers a hand to Zorro: GOVERNOR RILEY (CONT’D) The people owe you their freedom.
14) 33) dialog: Thanks to you, Count, this vineyard may become a growth industry for California.
14) 40) dialog: (to Beauregard) As do I. In fact, you're invited to be my guest at our flag-raising ceremony next week, 60 you can see firsthand the peaceable spirit of our citizens. The colonel nods his thanks as MUSIC BEGINS and couples s forming for a LINE DANCE. Seizing the opportunity, Elena grabs Armand’s hand:
104) 0) text: The statehood celebration: beneath the California flag, Governor Riley addresses a crowd of HAPPY PEASANTS from a stationary caboose platform. A young, well dressed CONGRESSMAN stands beside him. Guards scan for trouble... 163 164 @... 166 120.
104) 1) dialog: Today, the flag of California is joined by the stars and stripes of the American flag, symbolizing the hope and freedom of a united nation...
108) 0) text: Governor Riley gestures to the Young Congressman standing beside him:
108) 1) dialog: And now, with the ratification of this document before our honored Congressman from Washington, California officially asaumes all rights and responsibilities bestowed upon the United States of America... WILD APPLAUSE. The proud faces of the people. The Governo leans in to sign a DOCUMENT, when suddenly THE TRACKS BEG TO RUMBLE. The peasants peer ahead to see ARMAND‘S TRAIN barreling toward them in the distance -- 167 168 169 170 171 172 121.
117) 0) text: SMOKE drifte over the crowd of peasants and begins to dissipate. Slowly, the people realize they’re safe... A gust of WIND blows the RATIFICATION DOCUMENT off the ba of the caboose landing. It wisps through the air, landing the ground, stopping at... A PAIR OF BLACK BOOTS. BOOM UP to reveal ZORRO, his eyes piercing from behind his mask. He picks up the document a hands it back to Governor Riley, smiles in affirmation... 177 lis.