12) 0) text: Dr. Cooper, mid-forties, works on the outstretched leg of Bennings, the meteorologist. Clark, the dog handler, is  mending the hip of the wounded dog off in the corner. Bennings lets out with an ouch.
12) 5) text: The dog yelps and whimpers as Clark tries to calm him.
12) 6) dialog: I'll be here a while. Shell's pretty  deep.
20) 0) text: A couple of the men mingle in the area. Clark, the dog  handler, looks out the window.
20) 1) dialog: Mac's really taking it up, huh?
37) 0) text: He jogs down the steps, passing the underground dog kenne and trots toward the compound through the long narrow tun He passes and waves to Clark, who rolls along a wheelbarr of dog food.
37) 1) dialog: opens the door to the small kennel and serves up the dinn The dogs, about seven of them, yelp and bark eagerly.
44) 0) text: Foosball. Nauls and Clark are going at it hot and heavy. Sanchez sits off in a corner thumbing through an old issu of Photoplay. Bennings, Norris and Garry are engaged in a card game.  Bennings is about to play a card when he feels something  under the table. He looks. It is the dog.
46) 0) text: Clark leads the dog through the long, cold tunnel toward kennel. A new dressing has been placed on its hip. He unlatches the door to the kennel and leads him in.
47) 0) text: About twenty feet long, five feet wide. Poorly lit. Cramped with dogs. Some of them sleeping. Others pacing a and curious, greet their new companion, sniffing, panting and rubbing up against him. Clark pats the dog and severa others, then leaves, latching the door behind him.
58) 0) text: Clark snores. MacReady has entered.
58) 2) text: No response. MacReady nudges him. Clark rolls away, annoy MacReady pinches his snoring nose, cutting off the air. Clark sits up, groggy.
59) 0) text: Clark, sleepy, irritated, makes his way down the freezing corridor. The wind soughing loudly overhead.
59) 1) dialog: reaches the kennel door. The savage outpouring of noise f within baffles and angers him. He unlatches the door.
59) 2) dialog: What's got into...
61) 0) text: The alarm is blaring throughout the camp. MacReady, Garry Norris run through the narrow tunnel led by Clark. MacReady carries a shotgun. Garry, half-dressed, has his  .44. Clark, a fire ax.
61) 1) dialog: I don't know what the hell's in there,  but it's weird and pissed off,  whatever it is.
64) 0) text: as the men approach the locked kennel door. The two dogs, thrown into Clark, back ferociously and scratch at the do trying to get back in. One is badly bloodied. The fight inside rages on. MacReady and Clark brace thems by the narrow door. Norris and Garry hold back the two  hysterical dogs. Clark undoes the latch and he and MacRea enter the kennel. The light has been broken and it is pitch black. MacReady snaps on his flashlight. Norris and Garry can't contain t animals and the dogs burst into the room. They smash into MacReady and send him sprawling. Total confusion: the dog the men; the screeching; the blackness.
64) 1) dialog: Mac, where are you?
64) 2) text: MacReady gropes for his flashlight and rights himself. He finds Clark. Then shines it around the cramped room tryin to get his bearings. The light finds a mass of dogs in a wild melee in the cor Barking mixed with hissing, a gurgling, a screeching. Dogs being hurled about and then charging back into the f with a vengeance. The flashlight illuminates parts of some "thing." A dog. But not quite. Impossible to tell. It struggles powerfull Garry pokes his head into the blackness.
64) 6) dialog: No! Wait!!
64) 7) text: Clark wades into the pack, grabs at dogs' hides and throw them back. He then wields his ax into the fray, chopping hacking away at the gurgling, hissing silhouette. From out of nowhere, a large, bristly, arachnid-like leg  springs up and wraps around Clark's ax. It sends Clark  smashing violently into the wall.
67) 0) text: Those of the men that have gathered exhibit a pale and qu uneasiness. Blair, in silent awe, stands over the badly burned corpse of two interlocking dogs, that lie before him on a table. They are connected as if they were one animal. Though, th one wearing the remnants of Clark's bandage is much large and appears less dog-like. Its entire torso is cracked an peeled, as if its innards were trying to burst out. Odd appendages, recoiled and withered by the flame, are  wrapped grotesquely about both bodies. Clark, his eyes set in glassy stare, sits in shock. Nauls comforts him. Childs stands nearby smoking a joint and st at the floor. Blair, transfixed, continues hovering over the united  cadavers. Weighing. Thinking. A very worried look on his  face. The dead bodies of two other dogs from the kennel are not far off.
69) 0) text: Nauls pats Clark on the shoulder and grins, trying to pic up his spirits.
69) 2) text: Clark turns to him with a childlike smile.
69) 3) dialog: I know. Mr. Childs killed it. I saw.
77) 0) text: Fascinated, a few of the men are reviewing the Norwegian  video tapes of the finding of the mysterious craft. MacReady sits quietly by his chess set contemplating a la glass of Scotch. Clark, less interested than the others, flipping through the Norwegian nudie magazine. Blair, looking worried, sits off in a corner, pondering t photo of the block of ice and fingering a piece of crumbl up metal brought back from the site. Childs, viewing the tapes, can't quite believe it all.
79) 8) text: Clark marvels at a particular photo.
79) 9) dialog: Jesus, why would those guys ever  want to leave Norway...?
80) 6) dialog: What do you mean "got" to the dog?
82) 0) text: The night feeding. Clark dishes out the food. Blair is ta blood samples from the remaining three dogs.
82) 2) dialog: No. Just that he recovered real  quick... That night when I found him  in the rec room, he had already  scraped off his bandage. Before I  put him with the others, I redressed  his wound and noticed it had healed  up real good...
82) 3) text: A beat as Blair stares at Clark.
82) 5) dialog: (pets dog vigorously) Yeah.
82) 7) dialog: Well, after I worked on him -- thought  I'd let him rest. Left the room for  a bit. When I came back, he was gone.
82) 9) dialog: Don't know. Looked for him for a  bit... couldn't find him.
82) 11) text: Clark seems uneasy under Blair's intense gaze.
82) 12) dialog: Well... yeah.
82) 13) text: Blair stands, his eyes still glued to Clark.
82) 15) dialog: Ah... He was hurt bad. Bullet nicked  an artery... I don't know... An  hour... hour and a half...
82) 17) dialog: What the hell you looking at me like  that for?
94) 3) text: Clark comes running into the room, pallid, out of breath. The men turn to look.
94) 4) dialog: The dogs...
95) 0) text: Empty. Clark and Garry examine the latch of the kennel do
95) 2) dialog: No. Door was wide open. I know I  latched it.
96) 1) dialog: All three of them took off.
96) 4) dialog: I haven't seen them since their last  feeding. Could be as much as twenty- four hours.
99) 0) text: The men are interrogating Clark. He is frazzled and defen
99) 1) dialog: ...I'm telling you I don't remember  leaving the kennel unlatched...
101) 1) dialog: ...Would I even have told you they  were gone if I had anything to hide?
101) 3) dialog: I told you I couldn't find... (pushes torch away) ...get that out of my face.
101) 22) text: Clark stews.
101) 23) dialog: So what?
103) 2) text: Childs points to Garry, Dr. Copper and Clark.
105) 0) text: Copper, Clark and Garry sit moodily together on a couch. Norris awkwardly prepares to give them their injections. He is new at this. Childs stands guard with his torch. Dr. Copper offers to help.
118) 1) dialog: Gotta go to the can, Childs.
118) 4) text: Clark walks to the head. Childs moves back to the middle the room. As the guard he is much more vulnerable in this position. Being split between his prisoners. The lights begin to flicker. The soft purr of the generat begins to fade.
129) 0) text: The generator has been repaired; the lights within the  compound are back on. Grim and tense. Everyone is present but Fuchs. Eyes flit  from man to man. Palmer, Nauls and Sanchez are spread out about the room, keeping as much distance as possible from the rest. Norris and Childs are tying the Doctor, Clark and Garry t the couch. MacReady prepares several makeshift blowtorche as he kneels on the ground.
148) 6) text: Sanchez pushes over the portable fibrillator. Copper clim up on the table and straddles Norris' chest. Unnoticed, Clark paws the contents of the instrument tray behind his back.
148) 17) text: Buzzz. Several more jolts from the prongs. Clark's hand h found a scalpel. He gently lifts it out, bringing it to h side.
149) 1) dialog: What you got in mind, MacReady?
149) 18) text: A beat. Clark springs for MacReady. Scalpel raised. MacReady spins and fires three shots, point-blank, the fo of the charges sending Clark flying backwards. The others themselves about to pounce, stop -- as MacReady whirls th torch and gun back toward them.
149) 49) text: He heats the wire and lays it in Clark's dish. The hissin