12) 1) dialog: Don't "ouch" me. Two stitches. It  just grazed you.
12) 4) dialog: Stir crazy. Cabin fever... Who knows.
14) 8) text: Dr. Copper enters the room. Bennings limping after him  slightly.
14) 16) dialog: How do you know?
14) 18) dialog: ...Guys as crazy as that could have  done a lot of damage to their own  before they got to us.
14) 20) dialog: Yes, there is. I'd like to go up.
14) 22) dialog: (turns to) Bennings?
18) 0) text: Garry, Bennings, Dr. Copper, Palmer and MacReady wind the way through the slender corridors on their way to the cho Dr. Copper carries a satchel of medicine supplies. MacRea going over his flight chart, looks mad as hell. Dialogue  overlaps. MACREADY
18) 4) dialog: Screw regulations! Four guys could  be crawling around on their bellies  out there!
19) 0) text: Dr. Copper sits next to MacReady, who is at the controls. MacReady tightens the string of his sombrero around his n and starts up its choking engine. MacReady fights violently with the controls as he struggl to get the craft into the air. It finally rights itself a moves up and off into the grey-white sky.
25) 0) text: MacReady and Dr. Copper stand hesitantly amidst the wisps snow and embers. MacReady tries the door. It is unlocked. slowly pushes it open with his gun. A creaking. A long pi black corridor. Copper shines a flashlight.
25) 1) dialog: Anybody there?!
26) 3) dialog: We're Americans!
26) 12) text: Dr. Copper spots something. From the man's wrist on the  armrest, he follows a long, yarn-thick, red line, ending a pool of frozen blood on the floor. The two men step around the chair. The Norwegian stares u in blanched death. A gaping black hole for a mouth. His throat and wrists slit. An old-fashioned straight raz in his lap. MacReady turns off the hissing radio, and marches to the  other door. It is locked and barricaded.
26) 13) dialog: (more to himself) My God, what in hell happened here?
26) 17) dialog: (irritated) They're not Swedish, goddamn it,  they're Norwegian, MacRe --
26) 18) text: Whap!! Something slaps into the Doctor's face from the  darkness. The lantern crashes to the ground. The Doctor  stumbles, falls. MacReady grabs the flashlight and whirls different directions. A panting beat. Silence. Dr. Copper holds up what hit him. A thick centerfold, buf by the wind. MacReady takes it.
27) 2) text: He tries the door. Unlocked. It opens. The arm drops to t ground. It has been severed by the force of the slam. Its owner is nowhere to be seen. MacReady, sickened, coughs. Dr. Copper mumbles.
27) 3) dialog: Christ...
27) 5) dialog: ...Laboratory.
27) 10) dialog: All in Norwegian.
27) 11) text: Dr. Copper bends down and begins gathering the papers, st about the room.
27) 13) dialog: Could be important work. Might as  well bring it back.
27) 15) text: He exits. Amongst the rubble, Dr. Copper finds a pocket t recorder and several cassettes. He selects a tape and is  about to pop it in when he senses something to his rear. turns. Looks. A beat. Nothing.
30) 0) text: Dr. Copper is playing the small tape recorder. A casual  Norwegian voice drones on as if making notes. He fast  forwards. The same casual drone.
31) 0) text: Dr. Copper enters, squeezing in, through the door. The wo cracks overhead. More debris comes falling down.
31) 3) dialog: Watch it.
42) 0) text: Garry, MacReady, Dr. Copper, Norris, Bennings, Blair and assistant, Fuchs, are present. The small Norwegian video  unit has been set up and its contents are being viewed on TV screen. Grainy, home movie-ish, no sound. The proceedings are grim. Shots of the Norwegian's at work. Others of them playing  soccer on ice. Generally the footage is a prosaic record their day-to-day life. Norris shuffles the bundle of notes Dr. Copper brought ba with him.
42) 7) dialog: About nine more hours.
42) 9) dialog: Probably right.
42) 10) text: MacReady turns on the light and shuts off the video machi He then slides the portable tape deck across the table to Dr. Copper. They exchange a look.
42) 11) dialog: MacReady and I were listening to  some of these cassettes on the way  back. (somberly) Like you gentlemen to hear it.
42) 15) text: Dr. Copper fast forwards. The calm voice continues. And t a loud blast, followed by pounding. The sounds of confusi Voices. Loud. Frenetic. Men's feet running up and down wo floorboards. A gurgling. A hissing. Screams. And then a screeching. More blasts mixed with th din of wild, carnage-wrought cries. And then more screech A screeching unlike anything these men have ever heard. The men look from one another in silence as they listen. Dr. Copper turns it off.
42) 16) dialog: Goes on like that quite awhile. (beat) What do you gentlemen make of it?
42) 19) text: Dr. Copper taps the tape deck pensively.
42) 20) dialog: Maybe.
42) 22) dialog: There's something else we want you  to see.
43) 0) text: Dr. Copper and MacReady begin dumping the heavy contents a large plastic trash bag onto the slab.
43) 1) dialog: We found this.
43) 3) dialog: I know he's pretty badly burned...  but could fire have done this?
43) 5) dialog: Blair, I'd like you and Fuchs to  help me with autopsies on this one  and the one Garry shot this morning.
45) 0) text: larger than most of the other rooms and well-equipped. Dr. Copper is performing an autopsy on the Norwegian intr killed early that morning. Blair sits over his microscope, while Fuchs prepares slid The other body is draped with a sheet, waiting its turn. Copper pulls off his gloves.
45) 1) dialog: Nothing wrong with this one.   Physiologically, anyway. (to Blair) Find anything toxic?
50) 0) text: Blair, hovering over the microscope, lays in a slide, foc and motions for Dr. Copper to take a look. Copper is confused as he examines. He shrugs.
50) 1) dialog: I don't understand.
50) 7) dialog: (tired) I don't get you, Blair.
50) 9) dialog: (sighing) This really isn't my field, Blair.  Let's wrap for the day.
50) 10) text: Dr. Copper undoes his lab coat and lays it over a chair a he exits. Blair stares down ominously at the mutilated bo
81) 6) text: Childs struggles with him for a beat and then flings him the ground. Dr. Copper grabs him preventing him from gett back up. Childs splays the remains with a jet of flame. Fuchs shak his head in frustration and disgust.
89) 0) text: Heavily-clothed, MacReady, Fuchs and Dr. Copper help a da Blair to a toolshed some seventy-five yards from the main compound.
90) 0) text: More spacious than MacReady's. Very livable. Two windows. Blair has been placed on the cot. Dr. Copper injects him  with a sedative.
90) 2) dialog: It's for your own protection, Blair.
94) 2) dialog: Put this in Blair's juice before you  take him his tray.
96) 3) dialog: How long do you suppose they've been  gone?
101) 11) dialog: And if it got to Clark... Clark could  have gotten to anybody.
101) 13) dialog: Theoretically any of us could be  whatever the hell this thing is.
101) 30) text: Norris turns to Dr. Copper and Fuchs.
101) 32) dialog: A serum test possibly.
101) 35) dialog: It's a simple blood typing test.  This Thing's blood chemistry is  different than ours. Basically we  mix someone's blood with  uncontaminated human blood. If we  don't get the proper serum reaction --  then that person isn't human.
101) 37) dialog: We've got blood plasma in storage.
101) 39) dialog: A couple of hours.
101) 41) text: Garry unhinges a key from his belt and hands it to Dr.   Copper. Dr. Copper and Fuchs head for the infirmary.
101) 45) dialog: Garry. The rest of you! Come here!
102) 1) dialog: Somebody got to the blood... sabotaged  it.
102) 8) dialog: I guess I'm the only one.
102) 12) dialog: I think so.
102) 17) dialog: I don't see how... when I'm finished  I return it right away.
102) 19) dialog: (uneasy) A day or so ago... I guess.
102) 27) dialog: Now... wait a second, Garry, you've  been in here on several occasions...
103) 2) text: Childs points to Garry, Dr. Copper and Clark.
103) 15) text: Dr. Copper eyes his accuser solemnly.
105) 0) text: Copper, Clark and Garry sit moodily together on a couch. Norris awkwardly prepares to give them their injections. He is new at this. Childs stands guard with his torch. Dr. Copper offers to help.
105) 1) dialog: I'll do it. You're going to break  the needle in my arm.
118) 9) text: Dr. Copper giggles in the dark.
118) 17) text: Dr. Copper looks numbly at the empty seat next to him. Ch finds the portable siren and blares it.
133) 1) dialog: I'm getting worried about you. You  ought to have a checkup.
133) 3) dialog: (yawning) After all this mess then.
148) 5) dialog: Damn it, quit the bickering and give  me a hand. Wheel that fibrillator  over here.
148) 7) dialog: Palmer, turn on that oxygen and hold  the mask over his face... Childs,  grab his shoulders.
148) 10) dialog: Quiet down... (to Sanchez) ...turn that thing on.
148) 12) dialog: Now hold him.
148) 14) dialog: Enough, MacReady!
148) 15) text: Dr. Copper presses the prongs onto Norris' chest and shoo a bolt of current. Norris' body heaves upward. A slight  crackling sound and an odd chirp through the oxygen mask.
148) 16) dialog: Again... More current this time,  Sanchez...
148) 19) dialog: Damn you, MacReady!
148) 20) text: Norris' body begins bounding up. More crackling and poppi His chest begins to break up and spread. The mask pops of a hideous mewing escaping from Norris' distorted mouth. The men jump back, incredulous. Dr. Copper scrambles off chest and flops to the floor.
149) 40) dialog: (shaken, facetious) Thank you.
149) 60) text: It's all happened too fast. Copper tries to get off a bur of flame. The ever-changing Palmer breaks his bonds and l on the Doctor. The others sit helpless, struggling at their bindings. MacReady dives on Palmer's back and the three go rolling the floor. Screeching. Crackling. MacReady pounds vicious at Palmer's head. A powerful, shirt-splitting arm sends h skidding across the floor. Copper momentarily has control of the torch. Just as he  positions it, Palmer's mouth splits from his chin to his  forehead and engulfs the entirety of the Doctor's head. The big torch slaps against the wall. Palmer bounds to hi feet, wrapping his arms around the dangling, struggling b of Dr. Copper. The men are screaming hysterically. MacReady tries to fir up the bruised torch. Busted. Won't work. Frustrated, he charges up behind Palmer and begins hammer the thick steel instrument over his head. The shirt of Palmer's back erupts in MacReady's face. Splitting and ripping wildly, exposing the beginnings of another orifice. A blackened, iron-strong tongue lunges  outward. Stunned, MacReady manages to elude it, diving fo the top of the table by the boxes of dynamite. MacReady lights the fuse of a thick roll and bounds from table. Palmer awkwardly spins in circles, swinging the  Doctor's body like a propeller blade, struggling to keep balance, as he advances on MacReady. The second orifice,  spitting and snarling as it continues to take form. MacReady waits until Palmer's back spins around, facing h Only two yards away, MacReady flings his lit roll into th ever-evolving second mouth and leaps onto the couch cover Childs and Garry with his body. A muffled boom, as the swallowed explosive ignites from d within Palmer and sends his flesh splattering all over th room. MacReady rolls away from Childs and Garry as fast a he can.