11) 3) text: Fuchs, a young and sensitive-looking biologist, stands cl to the large area map of Antarctica. Several men sit and  stand around viewing the body that lies on two brought- together card-tables.
11) 4) dialog: Gotta be from the Norwegian camp.
11) 6) dialog: 'Bout eighty kilos southwest.
14) 6) text: Fuchs leafing through a pile of papers.
14) 7) dialog: Says here about eight weeks.
14) 15) dialog: (referring) Started with six. There'd be four  others left.
36) 0) text: Fuchs, the young biologist, is finishing up his daily jog around the compound. He stops at the end of a long Quonse hut almost completely buried in the snow. The hut is fift yards long and connects to the main compound. He enters a tunnel from a latch door up top.
42) 0) text: Garry, MacReady, Dr. Copper, Norris, Bennings, Blair and assistant, Fuchs, are present. The small Norwegian video  unit has been set up and its contents are being viewed on TV screen. Grainy, home movie-ish, no sound. The proceedings are grim. Shots of the Norwegian's at work. Others of them playing  soccer on ice. Generally the footage is a prosaic record their day-to-day life. Norris shuffles the bundle of notes Dr. Copper brought ba with him.
45) 0) text: larger than most of the other rooms and well-equipped. Dr. Copper is performing an autopsy on the Norwegian intr killed early that morning. Blair sits over his microscope, while Fuchs prepares slid The other body is draped with a sheet, waiting its turn. Copper pulls off his gloves.
50) 2) text: Fuchs takes the opportunity to look. Blair moves over to disfigured corpse and indicates one of the fibrous, tendo like appendages.
50) 4) text: Fuchs is befuddled as he examines.
50) 5) dialog: What in the world kind of cell  structure is this?
68) 0) text: Fuchs is attending to the shredded bodies of three other  badly wounded dogs.
74) 0) text: All the bodies of the dogs have been brought in. Fuchs st by as Blair studies through his microscope.
81) 1) dialog: (in violent  protestation) You can't do this! You can't burn  these remains...
81) 2) text: Pull back. Fuchs is beside himself. Childs has the large  torch. MacReady empties another can on the bodies. Dr. Co stands nearby.
81) 4) text: Childs lights the tip. Fuchs makes a determined move for torch.
81) 5) dialog: Well, I'm not going to let this  happen...
81) 6) text: Childs struggles with him for a beat and then flings him the ground. Dr. Copper grabs him preventing him from gett back up. Childs splays the remains with a jet of flame. Fuchs shak his head in frustration and disgust.
81) 7) dialog: I just can't believe it... We're  going to go down as the biggest bunch  of assholes in history...
83) 12) dialog: ...Goddamn fools...
89) 0) text: Heavily-clothed, MacReady, Fuchs and Dr. Copper help a da Blair to a toolshed some seventy-five yards from the main compound.
91) 0) text: Fuchs and MacReady nail boards over the windows.
101) 30) text: Norris turns to Dr. Copper and Fuchs.
101) 33) dialog: Right. Why not?
101) 41) text: Garry unhinges a key from his belt and hands it to Dr.   Copper. Dr. Copper and Fuchs head for the infirmary.
102) 0) text: The men rush in. Fuchs and Copper stand by the open plasm storage refrigerator. The inside is a mess of dried blood The bladders have been ripped open. Copper is ghastly pal
102) 5) dialog: No. Somebody opened it. Closed it.  And then locked it.
102) 28) dialog: And the Doc thought of the test.
103) 5) text: Fuchs nods.
103) 13) dialog: I'll try.  I could sure use Copper's  help though.
109) 0) text: Fuchs is poring over a book. Several others lie open on h desk. MacReady pokes his head in the lab.
109) 2) dialog: Nothing yet. But, MacReady, I've  been thinking... If our dogs changed  by swallowing parts of that other  one... We better see to it that  everyone prepares their own food and  we eat out of cans.
124) 0) text: The lab door is opened. Fuchs holding a small candle walk out. As he passes, the shoulder of a man springs into fra
129) 0) text: The generator has been repaired; the lights within the  compound are back on. Grim and tense. Everyone is present but Fuchs. Eyes flit  from man to man. Palmer, Nauls and Sanchez are spread out about the room, keeping as much distance as possible from the rest. Norris and Childs are tying the Doctor, Clark and Garry t the couch. MacReady prepares several makeshift blowtorche as he kneels on the ground.
138) 16) dialog: One arm outstretched, swings into view. An ax, embedded d into his chest, pins his frozen body to the inside of the door.
140) 0) text: Sanchez has joined Childs and Palmer. The body of Fuchs i still pinned to the door. Sanchez tries to wrench the ax  loose. It is too deeply embedded and won't budge.
153) 0) text: MacReady has found the broken window. He rolls through it landing on the frozen plants below. Something smashes at glass above his head, trying to get in. He sprints for th door. Fuchs' frozen body is still pinned to it with the a MacReady grapples with the stiff torso which blocks the k He finally gets it open and lets himself out, slamming an locking the door from the hall. Fuchs' body swings eerily back and forth.