9) 0) text: The rumbling of voices fades. The men adjust their eyes t station manager Garry, as he extracts his gun from the br window, relieves it of its spent shell and puts it away.
11) 2) dialog: Norwegian... Jans Bolen.
11) 5) dialog: How far's that?
11) 7) dialog: (surprised) That far?
11) 8) text: Garry directs his attention to Childs, the large black ma who had been working on the snowmobile. Next to him sits  Norris, the rugged-looking, fortyish, geophysicist, who w one of the men being shot at.
11) 9) dialog: You catch anything he was saying?
11) 11) text: Garry motions inquiringly to Norris.
14) 2) text: Palmer, a spacy, twenty-seven year old, novice pilot and  mechanic, grins as he lights a joint. He directs a remark station manager Garry.
14) 4) text: Garry rebukes him with a stern look and then turns to Fuc
14) 5) dialog: How long have they been stationed  there?
14) 9) dialog: (shaking his head) That's not enough time for guys to  go bonkers.
14) 14) dialog: How many in their party?
14) 19) dialog: Nothing we can do about that.
14) 21) dialog: In this weather?
14) 24) dialog: A tad?
14) 26) text: Garry still does not much like the idea. Palmer takes ano hit off his joint.
14) 28) dialog: Forget it, Palmer. Doc, you're a  pain in the ass.
14) 29) dialog: (turns) Norris, go get MacReady.
14) 32) dialog: Just go get him.
18) 0) text: Garry, Bennings, Dr. Copper, Palmer and MacReady wind the way through the slender corridors on their way to the cho Dr. Copper carries a satchel of medicine supplies. MacRea going over his flight chart, looks mad as hell. Dialogue  overlaps. MACREADY
18) 6) dialog: Look, if you're going to keep  bitching, MacReady -- Palmer's offered  to take him up...
33) 0) text: Zevon's record is blasting from Nauls' stereo. He skates  from the big walk-in freezer and plunks down a large side beef on the wood-cutting table to thaw. He skates from po to pan keeping time with his sounds. He smells. Tastes. Adds a little something here, a touch  there. He clearly enjoys his work. Station Manager Garry stops past the open door.
33) 1) dialog: Turn that crap down, Nauls. You can  hear it all over the camp!
34) 0) text: Garry enters and sees that Sanchez has nodded off in fron of his receiver. His headgear is still on. Garry walks ov and turns up the volume, the static jolting Sanchez awake
34) 2) dialog: You reach anybody yet?
34) 4) dialog: Well, stick to it.
42) 0) text: Garry, MacReady, Dr. Copper, Norris, Bennings, Blair and assistant, Fuchs, are present. The small Norwegian video  unit has been set up and its contents are being viewed on TV screen. Grainy, home movie-ish, no sound. The proceedings are grim. Shots of the Norwegian's at work. Others of them playing  soccer on ice. Generally the footage is a prosaic record their day-to-day life. Norris shuffles the bundle of notes Dr. Copper brought ba with him.
42) 2) dialog: What were they involved in?
42) 17) dialog: Could be anything... Men in  isolation... some beef that  snowballed... got out of hand...
44) 0) text: Foosball. Nauls and Clark are going at it hot and heavy. Sanchez sits off in a corner thumbing through an old issu of Photoplay. Bennings, Norris and Garry are engaged in a card game.  Bennings is about to play a card when he feels something  under the table. He looks. It is the dog.
61) 0) text: The alarm is blaring throughout the camp. MacReady, Garry Norris run through the narrow tunnel led by Clark. MacReady carries a shotgun. Garry, half-dressed, has his  .44. Clark, a fire ax.
64) 0) text: as the men approach the locked kennel door. The two dogs, thrown into Clark, back ferociously and scratch at the do trying to get back in. One is badly bloodied. The fight inside rages on. MacReady and Clark brace thems by the narrow door. Norris and Garry hold back the two  hysterical dogs. Clark undoes the latch and he and MacRea enter the kennel. The light has been broken and it is pitch black. MacReady snaps on his flashlight. Norris and Garry can't contain t animals and the dogs burst into the room. They smash into MacReady and send him sprawling. Total confusion: the dog the men; the screeching; the blackness.
64) 2) text: MacReady gropes for his flashlight and rights himself. He finds Clark. Then shines it around the cramped room tryin to get his bearings. The light finds a mass of dogs in a wild melee in the cor Barking mixed with hissing, a gurgling, a screeching. Dogs being hurled about and then charging back into the f with a vengeance. The flashlight illuminates parts of some "thing." A dog. But not quite. Impossible to tell. It struggles powerfull Garry pokes his head into the blackness.
64) 3) dialog: What's going on, damn it?
64) 11) text: Blam. Blam. Garry continues firing at the silhouette.
66) 0) text: Childs scrunches in, disoriented by the blackness, and bu into Garry, knocking him off balance.
66) 7) dialog: (panic) We're on fire!
66) 9) dialog: (to outside) Extinguishers.
71) 0) text: Station Manager Garry has joined Blair by the stuck-toget bodies. Blair motions to the bandage.
71) 2) dialog: I just can't comprehend any of this.  It was just a dog.
71) 5) dialog: Couldn't make much of it myself.
71) 7) dialog: Sure. You think there's a connection?
79) 24) dialog: So...? So what? It's over with.
80) 15) dialog: (breaking in) So what's our problem?
83) 0) text: Irritated, distressed, station manager Garry moves briskl down the hall. Blair, worried and pale, tries to keep up  with him.
83) 2) dialog: Anybody sick?
83) 4) text: Garry stops at the entrance to the communications room.
83) 5) dialog: Any luck yet?
83) 8) dialog: Well, stick with it. I want you at  it round the clock. We got to get  help in here...
83) 15) dialog: (to MacReady) If the weather clears enough before  we reach anybody -- I'm sending you  and Doc up to MacMurdo... BLAIR
83) 18) dialog: (snapping) The hell you won't, MacReady!
83) 20) dialog: (fed up) Damn you, Blair! You've already got  everybody half-hysterical around  here.
83) 22) dialog: I've got six dead Norwegians on my  hands, a burned up flying saucer,  and we've just destroyed the  scientific find of the century. Now  fuck off!
88) 20) text: Garry readies his large .357 Magnum.
95) 0) text: Empty. Clark and Garry examine the latch of the kennel do
95) 1) dialog: Doesn't look broken.
96) 6) text: Garry and several others turn to MacReady quizzically.
96) 7) dialog: You're not thinking of going after  them, are you?
96) 13) dialog: You're not going to catch them in  one of those with the start they  got.
96) 18) dialog: (shouting after them) Besides, what are you going to do  when you catch up to them?
101) 2) dialog: But why didn't you kennel that dog  right away?
101) 9) text: Garry breaks it up, pulling them apart. MacReady enters f the outside. A bundle is tucked under his arm.
101) 10) dialog: Hold on, damn it. We're getting  nowhere... If this bit of Blair's  about absorbing and imitating is  true... then that dog could have  gotten to anybody.
101) 34) dialog: What's that?
101) 38) dialog: How long will it take you to prepare  this?
101) 40) dialog: Well, get to it.
101) 41) text: Garry unhinges a key from his belt and hands it to Dr.   Copper. Dr. Copper and Fuchs head for the infirmary.
102) 9) dialog: And I've got the only key.
102) 10) text: Several pairs of eyes turn to Garry.
102) 15) dialog: Ah... no one... I give it to Copper  when he needs it...
102) 20) text: Garry senses the nervous and inquiring eyes on him.
102) 21) dialog: I suppose... well, it's possible  someone might have lifted it from  me. But...
102) 23) dialog: (upset, flustered) Look, I haven't been near that...  that refrigerator.
102) 25) dialog: Copper's the only one who has any  business with it.
102) 26) text: The eyes shift from Garry to Copper.
102) 31) dialog: Hey, Sanchez!
102) 35) dialog: Put that down!
102) 37) dialog: I'll put this right through your  head.
102) 38) text: No one doubts Garry's sincerity.
102) 40) text: The other regard Garry tensely. No one oblivious to the f that Sanchez just might be right.
102) 42) text: Still trembling, he tosses the shells back into the broke case, leans the gun against the wall and begins to sob. Nauls skates over to comfort him. The men watch as Garry lowers his gun. He turns to them.
102) 43) dialog: I don't know about Copper. But I  didn't go near that plasma... (beat) But I guess you'll all rest easier  if someone else is in charge.
102) 45) dialog: Can't see anyone objecting to you,  Norris.
103) 2) text: Childs points to Garry, Dr. Copper and Clark.
105) 0) text: Copper, Clark and Garry sit moodily together on a couch. Norris awkwardly prepares to give them their injections. He is new at this. Childs stands guard with his torch. Dr. Copper offers to help.
118) 15) text: Childs lights the tip of his torch, allowing him a strong candlelight. Garry is no longer in the room.
129) 0) text: The generator has been repaired; the lights within the  compound are back on. Grim and tense. Everyone is present but Fuchs. Eyes flit  from man to man. Palmer, Nauls and Sanchez are spread out about the room, keeping as much distance as possible from the rest. Norris and Childs are tying the Doctor, Clark and Garry t the couch. MacReady prepares several makeshift blowtorche as he kneels on the ground.
129) 6) text: No answer as the men's faces roam the room. Childs glares Garry as he begins to tie him in.
129) 8) text: Garry's groggy features stare blankly.
129) 10) dialog: Was dark... find a light...
129) 12) text: Garry struggles to his feet, affronted.
129) 13) dialog: (slurring) I rather don't like your tone...
149) 0) text: MacReady, still carrying the industrial torch, has maneuv all the men into the room. He holds Garry's .44. He has  untaped the explosives from his chest and laid them on th nearby table next to two more boxes of dynamite.
149) 9) dialog: (to others) Let's rush him. He's not going to  blow us all up.
149) 27) text: Copper starts to tie Palmer to the small couch next to Ch and Garry.
149) 56) dialog: Pure nonsense. This won't prove a  damn thing.
149) 58) text: Screech!!! The blood howls, trying to crawl off the plate Palmer bolts forward with incredible force, racing for  MacReady; his face splitting; his mouth roaring -- draggi the couch, Childs and Garry with him. He smashes into Mac knocking him over the table.
149) 60) text: It's all happened too fast. Copper tries to get off a bur of flame. The ever-changing Palmer breaks his bonds and l on the Doctor. The others sit helpless, struggling at their bindings. MacReady dives on Palmer's back and the three go rolling the floor. Screeching. Crackling. MacReady pounds vicious at Palmer's head. A powerful, shirt-splitting arm sends h skidding across the floor. Copper momentarily has control of the torch. Just as he  positions it, Palmer's mouth splits from his chin to his  forehead and engulfs the entirety of the Doctor's head. The big torch slaps against the wall. Palmer bounds to hi feet, wrapping his arms around the dangling, struggling b of Dr. Copper. The men are screaming hysterically. MacReady tries to fir up the bruised torch. Busted. Won't work. Frustrated, he charges up behind Palmer and begins hammer the thick steel instrument over his head. The shirt of Palmer's back erupts in MacReady's face. Splitting and ripping wildly, exposing the beginnings of another orifice. A blackened, iron-strong tongue lunges  outward. Stunned, MacReady manages to elude it, diving fo the top of the table by the boxes of dynamite. MacReady lights the fuse of a thick roll and bounds from table. Palmer awkwardly spins in circles, swinging the  Doctor's body like a propeller blade, struggling to keep balance, as he advances on MacReady. The second orifice,  spitting and snarling as it continues to take form. MacReady waits until Palmer's back spins around, facing h Only two yards away, MacReady flings his lit roll into th ever-evolving second mouth and leaps onto the couch cover Childs and Garry with his body. A muffled boom, as the swallowed explosive ignites from d within Palmer and sends his flesh splattering all over th room. MacReady rolls away from Childs and Garry as fast a he can.
149) 70) dialog: stares grimly ahead. Childs soaks his clothing with a can gasoline. He is then surrounded. The room tenses, adrenal pumps, breathing halts. The burner. The torches. The wire. The plate. Garry's fac Hisssss. MacReady tries again. Hiss. The men breathe. Their torche are lowered. Nauls throws his on the floor. Sanchez and Childs flop down in chairs. MacReady wipes hi face. A long silence. Sanchez weeps quietly with relief.
149) 71) dialog: I know you gentlemen have been through  a lot. But when you find the time...  I'd rather not spend the rest of the  winter tied to this couch.
149) 72) text: A beat. Childs starts to giggle. The strain on MacReady's jaw begins to lessen. Garry sits catatonic. Nauls scowls Childs' uncontrollable laughter. The infectious rasping causes MacReady a slight smile as looks up, taking comfort in the sound of the raging Antar wind vibrating the roof. Nauls, untying Garry, grumbles, Childs.
155) 4) dialog: Make 'em short. They'll go off quicker  if we need to use them.
155) 5) text: The wind belts into the roofing overhead. Garry sets the  wiring to the main doorway. MacReady begins blocking off of the other entrances with a large computer.
157) 0) text: MacReady rips linen, soaks the strips in gas, and stuffs  them in the Molotov bottles. Garry tests the current on t door. Popping, sparks, smoke.
157) 2) dialog: One thousand volts. Should be enough.
159) 0) text: The same loud music. MacReady and Garry look to the three speakers attached to the walls. MacReady yells his  incomprehension to Garry. Garry tries to respond. Their v drowned out.
162) 3) dialog: What's he saying?
166) 4) text: Garry fiddles with the two generators.
166) 5) dialog: I'm going to bump this up, much as I  can.
167) 1) dialog: How long's it been?
167) 6) text: The sound of a door opening and closing. Far off. Another creaking door is opened. A rustling. Still far of MacReady and Nauls spread further apart. The soft bubbling, cooling sound. A slight scratch at the door. Garry's hand tightens around the generator switches The scratching gets more pronounced. MacReady cautions Ga with a whisper.
167) 8) text: The door begins to pound from the outside. Nauls and MacR light two cocktails each. The door booms. The room's foundations shake. The ceiling quivers. The gas bombs are cocked. From the roof The Thing roars down into their midst. Stunned, the men stumble back. MacReady throws his gas bo Nauls the same. For a moment it stands silhouetted in flame. Enormous. Grotesque. Garry bolts for the main door. The Thing's tongue spirals from his mouth and spears him. The good two-thirds of its body follows its tongue and engulfs Garry by the door. Another leg slaps Nauls to the ground. MacReady dodges st another appendage, dives on the generators and throws the switch. The current rips through the door. Garry dies instantly. One of The Thing's talons, still caught in the door, send it writhing in pain. It literally rips the door from its  latchings and pounds it to the ground, trying to shake it loose. Nauls, hobbles, scrambles, out of the opening. MacReady dives through the window and out into the storm.