14) 0) text: Nauls, the cook, glides along on his roller stakes down o of the many narrow hallways that connect the various  compartments of the main compound. He is black, a little  mischievous, about twenty-two. He comes to a flashy skidding stop at one of the entrance to the rec room area, where the men are gathered with the dead Norwegian.
14) 1) dialog: Maybe we at war with Norway.
14) 10) dialog: Bullshit, Bwana, sweetheart. Five  minutes is enough to put a man over  down here.
14) 12) dialog: I mean Palmer been the way he is  since the first day.
33) 0) text: Zevon's record is blasting from Nauls' stereo. He skates  from the big walk-in freezer and plunks down a large side beef on the wood-cutting table to thaw. He skates from po to pan keeping time with his sounds. He smells. Tastes. Adds a little something here, a touch  there. He clearly enjoys his work. Station Manager Garry stops past the open door.
33) 2) dialog: Oui, Bwana. Can do.
44) 0) text: Foosball. Nauls and Clark are going at it hot and heavy. Sanchez sits off in a corner thumbing through an old issu of Photoplay. Bennings, Norris and Garry are engaged in a card game.  Bennings is about to play a card when he feels something  under the table. He looks. It is the dog.
67) 0) text: Those of the men that have gathered exhibit a pale and qu uneasiness. Blair, in silent awe, stands over the badly burned corpse of two interlocking dogs, that lie before him on a table. They are connected as if they were one animal. Though, th one wearing the remnants of Clark's bandage is much large and appears less dog-like. Its entire torso is cracked an peeled, as if its innards were trying to burst out. Odd appendages, recoiled and withered by the flame, are  wrapped grotesquely about both bodies. Clark, his eyes set in glassy stare, sits in shock. Nauls comforts him. Childs stands nearby smoking a joint and st at the floor. Blair, transfixed, continues hovering over the united  cadavers. Weighing. Thinking. A very worried look on his  face. The dead bodies of two other dogs from the kennel are not far off.
69) 0) text: Nauls pats Clark on the shoulder and grins, trying to pic up his spirits.
69) 1) dialog: It's okay now, man. It's dead. It's  over. (beat) You see.
69) 4) dialog: Right, man. Right.
78) 0) text: Nauls, about to prepare dinner, scowls as he rummages thr his many cabinets.
78) 1) dialog: Where's that big ol' steel pot of  mine?! Damn!
79) 10) text: Nauls skates into the room. He shakes the crumpled-up pai of long johns in his fist.
79) 11) dialog: Which one you muthers been tossing  his dirty underwear in the kitchen  trash?!
79) 13) dialog: I want my kitchen clean. Germ free!
79) 14) text: Nauls spins on his skates and storms off. MacReady fetche the strangely shredded underwear and rolls it up, while C paces.
80) 2) dialog: Finish what?
101) 6) text: Nauls steps between them.
101) 7) dialog: (to Childs) Lighten your load, sucker. You ain't  the judge and executioner around  here!
102) 2) dialog: Oh, my God.
102) 42) text: Still trembling, he tosses the shells back into the broke case, leans the gun against the wall and begins to sob. Nauls skates over to comfort him. The men watch as Garry lowers his gun. He turns to them.
108) 0) text: Following Nauls as he skates through the labyrinth. Checking waste bins. Pausing to look behind shelves and a obscure hiding place. MacReady passes him coming the other way.
108) 1) dialog: That thing's too smart to be hiding  any more of its clothes, MacReady.
114) 0) text: Nauls wearily approaches Blair's tool shed with a tray of food. He hears a pounding from within.
114) 1) dialog: I got your goodies, superdude.
114) 3) dialog: What you doin'?
114) 5) dialog: Well, who the hell you think wants  to get in there with you?
114) 6) text: Nauls slides the tray in the slot. It is immediately shov back out and topples onto the ice. Some of the food has  splashed on Nauls' heavy coat.
114) 7) dialog: Now why'd you go and...
114) 9) dialog: You promise?
114) 10) text: Nauls picks up the tray, heads back mumbling.
114) 11) dialog: Crazy white scientist motherfucker...
117) 0) text: Nauls does the dishes. His cassette plays in the b.g.
118) 6) text: The lights go out. Nauls calls from the kitchen.
118) 7) dialog: Childs! That a fuse?
118) 11) dialog: I'm working it! Nothing's happening!
118) 13) dialog: It's shorted out or something!
121) 1) dialog: Somebody's taken it. I can't find  it!
129) 0) text: The generator has been repaired; the lights within the  compound are back on. Grim and tense. Everyone is present but Fuchs. Eyes flit  from man to man. Palmer, Nauls and Sanchez are spread out about the room, keeping as much distance as possible from the rest. Norris and Childs are tying the Doctor, Clark and Garry t the couch. MacReady prepares several makeshift blowtorche as he kneels on the ground.
129) 4) dialog: Kitchen things, too...
130) 0) text: MacReady and Nauls, wearing their snowshoes and using fla for light, pull themselves along the steadying rope that  leads to Blair's shed. They are careful to keep an eye on each other as they move along. Sanchez heads off in the direction of another shack.
132) 0) text: Nauls and MacReady arrive at Blair's shack. They peer in  through the spaces between the boards. A weak light burns as Blair is seated eating out of a can hangman's noose dangles from the ceiling nearby.
132) 9) text: He and Nauls trudges off. Blair shouts after them.
134) 0) text: The winds are thick and vicious now. MacReady and Nauls p themselves along the rope fighting their way up the slope violent gust sends MacReady's body horizontal, but still  hanging onto the rope. The wind slaps him back down. His  flare and torch tumble back toward Nauls. Nauls saves the torch from rolling down the hill. MacReady, lying vulnerable, watches Nauls pull his way to him. He tenses. Nauls reaches him. A beat. He hands back torch. Relieved, MacReady pulls himself upright.
137) 1) dialog: (shouting to be heard) Where's the roof?!
137) 3) dialog: This storm do that?
137) 5) text: Nauls kicks over a chair. A naked, fleshy object bounds h into the air. Nauls thrusts out his torch, catching the  breasts of the inflatable woman. She pops and is sucked o through the hole in the roof. Nauls tries to catch his breath.
137) 6) dialog: Goddamn white women.
145) 4) text: Nauls weighs each of them ominously, while digging down  underneath his heavy jacket.
145) 5) dialog: Cut him loose of the line up by his  shack.
145) 7) dialog: When we were up poking around his  place... I found this...
145) 9) dialog: ...It was stashed in his old coal  furnace... wind must have dislodged  it... I don't think he saw me find  it.
145) 11) dialog: ...Made sure I got ahead of him on  the towline on the way back... cut  him loose.
145) 13) dialog: He's one of them.
145) 17) dialog: Look, man...
145) 24) text: A pounding at the door sends the men jerking backward. Nauls scampers to his feet. They tense.
145) 28) dialog: (harsh whisper) Bullshit! He's got to know damn well  I cut it!
147) 20) text: Nauls and Norris, who have silently crept in through the  supply window, come flying through the hacked-up door and barrel into MacReady. Both going straight for the flare. MacReady spins Nauls off and rips into Norris, sending hi crashing violently into the wall. Nauls tackles MacReady' legs, pulling him to the floor. The others rush him. MacReady, still in control of the  dynamite and flare, bellow:
147) 22) text: They skid to a halt. Nauls crawls away, quickly.
147) 23) dialog: It's cool, man. We ain't near you,  man... Stay cool...
147) 26) text: Norris, lying on the floor, coughs as if gasping for brea He quivers for a moment and then is still. Nauls crawls o to him and shakes him. A beat.
147) 27) dialog: I don't think he's breathing.
147) 28) text: Nauls listens to Norris' chest. MacReady stands.
149) 29) dialog: What are you going to do? Drink it?
149) 65) text: Nauls and Sanchez take aim five yards away. Fierce,  determined. The wire comes off the flame into the plate.. the harmless hissing. The muscles in Childs' face melt into a sigh.
149) 69) text: Nauls rips away his bindings. The other two stand guard. Childs scrambles off the couch and onto the floor.
149) 72) text: A beat. Childs starts to giggle. The strain on MacReady's jaw begins to lessen. Garry sits catatonic. Nauls scowls Childs' uncontrollable laughter. The infectious rasping causes MacReady a slight smile as looks up, taking comfort in the sound of the raging Antar wind vibrating the roof. Nauls, untying Garry, grumbles, Childs.
149) 73) dialog: Shut the damn hell up.
150) 0) text: The wind rumbles. The storm is at its peak. MacReady, Chi and Nauls, guided by their flares, pull themselves along steadying rope, headed, for Blair's shack.
151) 1) dialog: What is it?
151) 5) dialog: Where was he trying to go?
152) 0) text: The explosion echoes behind them. The men pull along. The heads jerk in circles, searching into the blackness. Some twenty yards to their rear something swooshes down,  severing the line. The wind sends the men tumbling along ice. Childs loosens the line and is blown away, rolling o of sight. MacReady and Nauls have lost their torches. They pull  feverishly along the ground trying to make it to the comp The screeching closes in behind them. MacReady loses his  grip on the rope and is blown toward the main building. He crawls along looking for an opening. Nauls slides near the outside entrance to the dog kennel. He climbs down through the open stairwell.
154) 0) text: MacReady charges up the stairs from the plant room. He zo down the twisting corridors, opening and closing doors. H rounds a bend and crashes into Nauls coming the other way
155) 1) dialog: What about Childs?
155) 3) text: Nauls begins cutting the wicks off the dynamite.
155) 10) dialog: (protest) You crazy? He might be inside already?
155) 12) text: Nauls starts lacing his skates.
155) 17) text: Sanchez and Nauls start to leave.
156) 0) text: Sanchez and Nauls inch their way through.
158) 0) text: Nauls pushes a stove, reinforcing a locked door. Five yar away, Sanchez maneuvers the refrigerator in front of anot outlet. Sanchez hears a quiet purring, bubbling sound. He turns t Nauls.
158) 2) dialog: Hear what?
161) 0) text: Nauls, in sudden realization, screams over the din and po back in the direction they came.
161) 1) dialog: It's got into the pub! It's turned  on the stereo!
161) 3) dialog: It's in between us and them!! How we  going to get back?!
162) 2) text: The music is now subdued within the room, but continues  booming throughout the camp. Nauls' scream can be barely  heard.
163) 1) dialog: MacReady! We been cut off!!
163) 2) text: A sharp, red, talon-like fingernail, pierces the top of t door above Nauls' head. It saws downward, quickly. Black goo drips through the slit. The sawing obscured by music. Sanchez, eyes bulging, points. Nauls turns. A claw rips  through the wood. Nauls dives to the floor. In the opposite direction, behind Sanchez, another arm sp through the door and the refrigerator, extends itself fiv feet and yanks Sanchez back as if he were a puppet. Sanchez struggles, looking imploringly at Nauls. He bites down on his capsule. Nauls takes off like a speed skater.
164) 3) dialog: full speed down the maze. Left. Right. Totally reckless. hits a straightaway.
165) 0) text: MacReady, running, spots Nauls careening out of a turn,  heading toward him.
165) 1) dialog: Get back!!
165) 3) dialog: Screw the generator!!
165) 4) text: Nauls blazes by him. MacReady hears the snarls and screec heading his way. He streaks after Nauls.
166) 0) text: They make it in. Lock the door... MacReady tries to catch his breath. Nauls shakes, pants.
166) 1) dialog: Got Sanchez... World War Three  wouldn't mess with this fucker...   Can go through walls... And it's  like all over the place...
166) 3) dialog: Position, my ass...
166) 6) dialog: Boulder Dam might do it.
167) 3) dialog: Maybe it ain't coming.
167) 5) dialog: Bet the last place you ever go.
167) 6) text: The sound of a door opening and closing. Far off. Another creaking door is opened. A rustling. Still far of MacReady and Nauls spread further apart. The soft bubbling, cooling sound. A slight scratch at the door. Garry's hand tightens around the generator switches The scratching gets more pronounced. MacReady cautions Ga with a whisper.
167) 8) text: The door begins to pound from the outside. Nauls and MacR light two cocktails each. The door booms. The room's foundations shake. The ceiling quivers. The gas bombs are cocked. From the roof The Thing roars down into their midst. Stunned, the men stumble back. MacReady throws his gas bo Nauls the same. For a moment it stands silhouetted in flame. Enormous. Grotesque. Garry bolts for the main door. The Thing's tongue spirals from his mouth and spears him. The good two-thirds of its body follows its tongue and engulfs Garry by the door. Another leg slaps Nauls to the ground. MacReady dodges st another appendage, dives on the generators and throws the switch. The current rips through the door. Garry dies instantly. One of The Thing's talons, still caught in the door, send it writhing in pain. It literally rips the door from its  latchings and pounds it to the ground, trying to shake it loose. Nauls, hobbles, scrambles, out of the opening. MacReady dives through the window and out into the storm.
168) 0) text: The distant sound of a motor. Nauls, battered and bloodie his leg apparently broken, crawls along the ground. Anoth sound, a bubbling and gurgling is heard well to his rear. But closing. The terror forces him to drag faster, oblivious to the pa He reaches the bathroom stall. Crawls in. Locks it. The  gurgling nears. Leaning on the toilet seat, he looks abou himself, frantically. The Presence pauses at the door. A scratching. Nauls paws rips at a cracked and weathered slab of wood, cutting his fingers as he tries to break it off the siding. A strong blow begins to breach the stall door. Nauls fina unhinges the piece of wood, brings the jagged end to one  side of his throat and rips...