14) 2) text: Palmer, a spacy, twenty-seven year old, novice pilot and  mechanic, grins as he lights a joint. He directs a remark station manager Garry.
14) 3) dialog: Was wondering when "El Capitan" was  going to get a chance to use his pop  gun.
14) 11) dialog: Damn straight.
14) 13) text: Palmer smiles and flips the cook the bird.
14) 26) text: Garry still does not much like the idea. Palmer takes ano hit off his joint.
14) 27) dialog: Shit, Doc, I'll give you the lift  if...
18) 0) text: Garry, Bennings, Dr. Copper, Palmer and MacReady wind the way through the slender corridors on their way to the cho Dr. Copper carries a satchel of medicine supplies. MacRea going over his flight chart, looks mad as hell. Dialogue  overlaps. MACREADY
18) 8) dialog: (defiant) Four!
41) 0) text: Palmer works on the generator. He hears the sound of  approaching propeller blades from outside. And then the s of his tool box crashing to the floor. He turns to see wh caused the ruckus. The dog, who has entered the shed, has jumped on the work table and upended the tool box on its eagerness to look o of the above window. Palmer curses under his breath and c out.
41) 1) dialog: Clark! Will you kennel this goddamn  dog? (bangs wrench against  pipe) Hey, Clark?!
48) 0) text: Childs lies in his cot watching a small television. The s is a tape of an American TV game show. He has seen this o too many times, extracts the cassette and injects another game show. Palmer is stretched out in the other cot, reading a comic book and smoking a joint. Childs beckons for it and takes hit.
73) 0) text: MacReady pilots. Young Palmer and Norris are with him. It is clear but the winds are troublesome. The ride is a  shaky one. Norris refers to their map. He points.
75) 1) dialog: Wow...
75) 2) text: MacReady finds a burst thermite canister. He and Norris c down. They move along amongst the wreck. Almost everything but skeletal superstructure has disintegrated into a fine ash powder. Norris digs for ice samples at the perimeter of the wreck while MacReady browses through the center. Palmer continues to marvel, as he walks around the oval,  atop the ice. MacReady returns and kneels down next to Norris as the la examines a piece of metal.
75) 9) text: Palmer calls out, waving them over.
76) 0) text: The two men join Palmer about fifty yards from the oval. A large rectangular chunk has been cut out of the ice. It fifteen feet long, six feet wide and eight feet deep. MacReady kneels down to observe. A beat. A gust of wind picks up the snow at their feet.
79) 3) text: Blair says nothing, lost in thought. Palmer, stoned, a joint dangling from his mouth, is searc for information through stacks of old issues of The Natio Enquirer and The Star.
79) 4) dialog: (rambling) Happens all the time, man. They're  falling out of the skies like flies.  Government knows all about it...   Chariots of the Gods, man... They  practically own South America. I  mean they taught the Incas everything  they knew...
79) 6) text: Palmer shakes a magazine at him adamantly.
79) 7) dialog: Read von Daniken! Have you read von  Daniken? Get your facts straight!
80) 4) dialog: Well, that Thing in the ice sure  weren't no dog.
88) 0) text: Confusion. Shouts. MacReady enters. He grabs Palmer as he and Bennings rush by.
88) 2) dialog: Blair. He's gone berserk.
92) 0) text: Harsh and grey. Getting very dark as winter takes a stron hold. Bennings is dumping the trash in a large hole in th snow which acts as the trash dump. Bennings finishes and drags the empty bins past Palmer an Childs, who are fixing the wounded choppers.
96) 10) dialog: Chopper aren't going to be ready for  days.
96) 15) dialog: (grins) Oh, I got you. Not too long.
97) 3) dialog: as he works on the snowmobiles. Into frame rolls a wheelb on sleds. A box marked DYNAMITE is its most prominent art Pull back. Bennings reads off the list of supplies.
101) 42) dialog: How's that Thing get to the dogs? I  though we stopped it in time.
101) 44) dialog: And that was enough?
103) 7) dialog: (ears perk up) Morphine? You know I was pretty close  to that dog, too.
103) 8) text: Palmer is ignored.
104) 1) dialog: (mumbles) Where's that magneto? Can't find a  darn thing around here any more.
110) 0) text: A siren goes off, signaling the end of a twenty-minute pe Sanchez pulls himself out of the trash dump. Palmer carries a large part of a helicopter engine toward the compound.
111) 0) text: The hallway near the supply storage cubicle. MacReady hol the door open as Palmer makes his way to him lugging the  heavy helicopter part. Childs passes by from the other direction.
111) 1) dialog: Childs, where's that magneto from  Chopper One?
111) 4) dialog: No it ain't there. Would I be asking  if it were there?
112) 0) text: Palmer sets down the heavy part. Norris follows him insid with a bundle of radio gear. They move back out into the  hallway. MacReady locks the door behind them.
115) 0) text: Palmer works on the snowmobile. Sanchez resumes searching through the trash.
119) 0) text: MacReady, Palmer and Sanchez heed the call and head for t compound.
122) 0) text: MacReady, Sanchez and Palmer come in from the outside. They bump into each other trying to get their bearings fr the lack of light. Palmer, the only one who seems to have one, turns on his flashlight.
123) 0) text: Palmer and MacReady stumbling down the stairs. MacReady t around, looks.
123) 2) text: Both look around. Sanchez is gone. Palmer's light finds t motionless generator. He examines it.
123) 3) dialog: The fuel pump... it's gone... (frantic) You've got to get up to supply, Mca.  If we don't get this thing started  soon, it'll freeze on us and we'll  never get it going.
125) 0) text: Palmer is feverishly working underneath the generator on back.
127) 4) dialog: Mac, where the hell is that pump!!
128) 0) text: MacReady holds the flashlight for Palmer. Their breath, p of white smoke.
128) 1) dialog: Somebody definitely messed with it.
128) 3) dialog: Hope so. Another ten, fifteen minutes.  What I don't get is...
129) 0) text: The generator has been repaired; the lights within the  compound are back on. Grim and tense. Everyone is present but Fuchs. Eyes flit  from man to man. Palmer, Nauls and Sanchez are spread out about the room, keeping as much distance as possible from the rest. Norris and Childs are tying the Doctor, Clark and Garry t the couch. MacReady prepares several makeshift blowtorche as he kneels on the ground.
129) 3) dialog: Tons of stuff's been missing around  here. Magnetos, cables, wire...
129) 24) text: He tosses torches to Sanchez and Palmer.
129) 26) dialog: I ain't going with Sanchez.
129) 27) text: Sanchez snaps his head toward Palmer. Palmer looks at the others.
129) 28) dialog: I ain't going with him. I'll go with  Childs...
129) 30) dialog: I ain't going with you!
131) 0) text: One of the many doors creak open. Childs and Palmer steal move into the next corridor. Palmer falls a few steps beh
131) 1) dialog: What'd we ever do to these Things  anyway...
131) 2) text: Childs freezes and snaps his head around facing Palmer. A beat.
131) 3) dialog: What?
131) 6) dialog: Right.
135) 1) dialog: Auxiliary light cables...? Been cut.
138) 0) text: Underground, rickety corridor. Palmer stands by as Childs undoes the many locks to the room that houses his plants. One by one. Palmer twists his head in every which directi Nervous. Childs pulls open the heavy door. A flush of snow and win push them back. They wedge their bodies at the entrance t the lightless room.
138) 3) dialog: Somebody broke in.
138) 5) text: Saddened, angry, Childs goes to check the damage to his  plants. Palmer, his face set in horror, yanks him back.
138) 6) dialog: Childs!!
138) 8) dialog: Don't get near 'em. The plants!  They're alive. Those things can  imitate anything...
138) 10) text: Palmer readies his small torch.
138) 11) dialog: We got to burn 'em.
138) 13) text: Palmer sprays them with flame. Childs pushes him to the  ground, and tries to swat out the fire.
138) 15) text: Palmer, his mouth agape with terror, screams and points t the closing door to their rear. Childs whirls.
140) 0) text: Sanchez has joined Childs and Palmer. The body of Fuchs i still pinned to the door. Sanchez tries to wrench the ax  loose. It is too deeply embedded and won't budge.
141) 1) dialog: Why didn't it imitate Fuchs? Isn't  that its number -- to get more  recruits.
142) 1) dialog: MacReady!!
144) 5) text: Childs, Sanchez and Palmer -- closing off and bolting the entrances to the camp.
145) 3) dialog: Where's MacReady?
145) 15) dialog: Could have been anytime. Anywhere.
145) 18) dialog: When the lights went out...
145) 20) dialog: Right. Garry was missing... (pointedly) ...And Sanchez...
145) 30) dialog: Let's open it.
145) 37) dialog: Let's open it. Now...
145) 39) dialog: (slightly trembling) He's so close. Maybe our best chance  to blow him away.
145) 44) dialog: The supply window!
147) 24) dialog: Yeah, man, really. Just relax.
149) 3) dialog: What kind of test?
149) 5) text: He tosses a ream of steel cable and some rope to Palmer.
149) 22) dialog: (bemused) He's dead.
149) 27) text: Copper starts to tie Palmer to the small couch next to Ch and Garry.
149) 55) text: He sets Palmer's plate in front of him and heats the wire
149) 58) text: Screech!!! The blood howls, trying to crawl off the plate Palmer bolts forward with incredible force, racing for  MacReady; his face splitting; his mouth roaring -- draggi the couch, Childs and Garry with him. He smashes into Mac knocking him over the table.
149) 60) text: It's all happened too fast. Copper tries to get off a bur of flame. The ever-changing Palmer breaks his bonds and l on the Doctor. The others sit helpless, struggling at their bindings. MacReady dives on Palmer's back and the three go rolling the floor. Screeching. Crackling. MacReady pounds vicious at Palmer's head. A powerful, shirt-splitting arm sends h skidding across the floor. Copper momentarily has control of the torch. Just as he  positions it, Palmer's mouth splits from his chin to his  forehead and engulfs the entirety of the Doctor's head. The big torch slaps against the wall. Palmer bounds to hi feet, wrapping his arms around the dangling, struggling b of Dr. Copper. The men are screaming hysterically. MacReady tries to fir up the bruised torch. Busted. Won't work. Frustrated, he charges up behind Palmer and begins hammer the thick steel instrument over his head. The shirt of Palmer's back erupts in MacReady's face. Splitting and ripping wildly, exposing the beginnings of another orifice. A blackened, iron-strong tongue lunges  outward. Stunned, MacReady manages to elude it, diving fo the top of the table by the boxes of dynamite. MacReady lights the fuse of a thick roll and bounds from table. Palmer awkwardly spins in circles, swinging the  Doctor's body like a propeller blade, struggling to keep balance, as he advances on MacReady. The second orifice,  spitting and snarling as it continues to take form. MacReady waits until Palmer's back spins around, facing h Only two yards away, MacReady flings his lit roll into th ever-evolving second mouth and leaps onto the couch cover Childs and Garry with his body. A muffled boom, as the swallowed explosive ignites from d within Palmer and sends his flesh splattering all over th room. MacReady rolls away from Childs and Garry as fast a he can.