10) 0) text: The shed is medium in size and old like the house. There running along side the right wall. There are hanging nail walls and alongside the table. The various pieces of arch are all neatly put in organized places. NATHAN, DAVID and shed. NATHAN hangs the burlap sack on one of the wall nai rifle down on the table -- DAVID does likewise with the l
10) 6) text: Boy, you don't make funny with your daddy like  that. His father has caught him off guard -- he was only joking understand the attitude -- he doesn't know what to say -- away.
35) 0) text: NATHAN and his family are on their way home, accompanied friend named IKE. As he plays, he sings one of those basi blues. He finishes the song and gives out with a big laug
35) 1) dialog: If they heard me sing like this up North I'd be  richer than the man I sharecrop for. 
36) 3) dialog: You know, one time by mistake I went into a  white church down in Row County and to this day  I don't know how'n the devil I got outta that  church alive.
36) 5) dialog: I guess so -- but I went home and did me some  praying to the Lord. I said, Lord, I went into  this white church down in Row and all I want  you to tell me is how I ever got outta there  in one piece.
36) 7) dialog: He said, I don't know, Ike -- you doin'  better'n me, I been tryin' to git in there for  200 years and ain't make it yet! Ike bursts out in loud laughter, joined by NATHAN, REBECC
36) 11) dialog: I believe I'll do just what you say, speed ball! They keep moving and come to a stop at crossroad.
36) 12) dialog: Well, this is where I havta say good night to  y'all -- it's been fun, Miss Rebecca. 
36) 14) dialog: It's a good, warm night comin' up, Nathan --  you goin' to the woods?
55) 0) text: It is a small section provided for "colored only" -- REBE DAVID LEE and IKE -- A few other black people are seated overlooking the main courtroom.
69) 0) text: REBECCA and the children attend services at the Church -- standing -- they are in the midst of a song, led by the P Like everything else in Landsdown for Black People, it is structure with creaky, movable chairs for the worshipers are two high windows on both sides. The Pastor reads the verses of the song in the traditiona Preacher's fashion, and the congregation repeats the vers Song --
70) 0) text: Coffee, cold drinks, cookies and fruit are being served t chattering crowd of church goers -- inside a woman is at rhythmic uptempo gospel songs. IKE is there also. REBECCA, with HARRIET in line behind her, and the childre the table to be served.
84) 9) text: No, I don't and I oughtn't not to after the way  you've taken over since they took him away --  and I would like for you to see 'im so you can  come back and tell me about 'im.  (pause)
85) 0) text: Two days later, a little after daybreak, DAVID is all set with SOUNDER -- DAVID is at the table -- IKE is standing writes on a piece of paper -- REBECCA and the other child
85) 1) dialog: Now afta you go by Nolan, the first road you  come to is Jordan road -- keep walkin' on that  road and you'll run right into it. It's a long  trip, David Lee, so good luck to you.
86) 6) dialog: Tell 'im I said, "Hi", too, David. REBECCA pulls him into her arms --
93) 0) text: DAVID LEE washes a car as SOUNDER looks on. A man pays hi the piece of paper with IKE's directions and then they mo
106) 2) text: You got any books with people in 'em like  Huckleberry Finn? She turns in a quick, reflex motion, directly to the boy
115) 2) text: "Dear Miss Johnson. How are you? I am doing  okay. I told my mama, my brother and my sister  about you, and they like you too. I can't make  this letter too long because I have work to do.  Bless you, David Lee Morgan" They all look to each other with big triumphant smiles of faces.
130) 2) dialog: Any time it's Saturday and I don't hafta do any  work, I'm doin' okay! 
130) 4) dialog: Seems this piece of mail came to Mr. Howard's  place this mornin' and he had me to bring it  over here.
130) 6) dialog: Don't belong to you! It's for the little  important man, here! He hands it to DAVID LEE -- DAVID LEE does not look at th takes it -- Everyone's attention is to DAVID LEE and the