1) 0) text: It is a clear but cold Autumn night at some time in the n Landsdown Woods are an assortment of various elements of streams, rushing rivers, heavy brushland, small trees, an great tall pines. NATHAN LEE MORGAN, a Black man in his l early forties, treks deep into the woods with his eleven LEE, and his hound dog, SOUNDER. NATHAN LEE is a well bui a man with a deliberate and quiet manner - DAVID LEE, lik and strong with big, bright active eyes. SOUNDER, their h mixture of red-bone hound and bulldog, with great square
3) 3) dialog: Looks that way, son. Guess the cold done drove  most of 'em down to the big water country --  but if there's one left out here -- we gotta  find him. 
3) 5) dialog: Here, put my jacket over you. NATHAN takes his jacket off and drapes it over the boy's begins to scratch and whine with intensity. He moves to s
3) 6) dialog: You all right, boy? Suddenly SOUNDER's voice lets out and he breaks away in a NATHAN and DAVID react quickly and take up the chase behi
6) 2) dialog: (slams his rifle to the ground)
6) 4) dialog: Come here, son-- DAVID LEE goes to his father, who kneels to him, and puts hands on the boy's shoulders.
6) 5) dialog: It's all right. He did his job -- I just got  foolish for a minute. He gives the boy a quick embrace and rises to his feet --
6) 6) dialog: If anybody's to blame, it's me -- I oughta  nailed him when I took that shot.
6) 8) dialog: Yeah. We better git back to house now. NATHAN puts his hand on SOUNDER's neck, gives him an affe gather their equipment and head for home. They move out o to a pathway.
7) 1) dialog: In all the years me and Sounder been tracking  down possums and coons in these woods -- he  ain't tore one of 'em up yet... He always  brought 'em back whole and healthy... And  that's the difference between a hound dog  that's dirty and mean, to one that's great  like ol' Sounder here.
9) 1) dialog: We cornered one, but he got away. He does not wait for a response from her -- he, DAVID and across the floor, and on out the back door. REBECCA's eye backs out the door. Her eyes just hang there after they h sight.
10) 1) dialog: Bet you're a tired little fellow, David Lee. NATHAN takes the lantern apart and begins to clean it -- up a small can of oil and puts it on top of the table.
10) 3) dialog: You oughta be tired, too, Sounder. That possum  shore whipped the hell outta you tonight! He laughs behind his own remark as he finishes the busine and picks up his rifle.
10) 5) dialog: (serious) 
10) 7) dialog: David Lee...
10) 10) dialog: You had a rough time out there tonight -- so  you stay home from that school tomorrow.
10) 12) dialog: You learnin' anything at that school?
10) 14) dialog: Readin' must be somethin' powerful, huh, son? 
11) 1) dialog: When the fall comes in these parts, the Night  moon runs away like a rabbit -- you could stay  out here lookin' all night, and not see a thing  out yonder.
11) 3) dialog: Yep. I guess you must wonder why though, what  with the luck we havin', but like I always  say--
11) 5) dialog: Now who says I didn't lay my mark on you, boy! They both laugh as REBECCA steps out into the backyard fr moves swiftly towards them.
11) 8) dialog: Night, son!
11) 10) dialog: Your bedtime too, hound dog. SOUNDER hops up on him -- he strokes the dog's back and t
11) 11) dialog: Off you go, boy! SOUNDER scampers away around the side of the house.
11) 13) dialog: I shore could, Miss Rebecca. They start back into the house.
13) 2) dialog: The boy is hungry, Rebecca. His words cut through her frustration -- she puts down th dresser next to the door that leads to the children's roo there for a moment -- she and NATHAN, looking directly on a moment she moves across the floor and nestles into the -- he holds her close to him for a moment and then they b
13) 3) dialog: Dammit! He moves halfway across the floor and stops as REBECCA go prepare his coffee --
13) 5) dialog: What we make it to? The next season to work  ourselves to death, share croppin' for ol' man  Howard, so he can get richer and we can't even  eat when the croppin' time is done? His coffee is ready -- she puts it on the table -- he mov and takes a sip with the frustration still nagging him. S from behind and puts her hand on his strong neck for a mo moves for the children's room and enters -- he drinks his INT. REBECCA and NATHAN'S BEDROOM - NIGHT  REBECCA enters, unrobes and crawls into bed -- she lies t thought, rolls over to position herself and then she hear SLAM. She raises her head for a moment and then she decid puts her clothes back on hurriedly and moves out of the r
21) 2) dialog: Mornin'... 
21) 4) dialog: I'll wait till after the children. She goes back to preparing the food as she moves into the together some scraps of food for SOUNDER.
21) 5) dialog: How's the weather out there? 
21) 7) dialog: Hope it don't freeze out our baseball game  today!
22) 2) dialog: Mornin' back atcha! They rush on past him into the house as he smiles.
22) 3) dialog: Don't forget to save me some! He stops in the center of the yard and looks about.
22) 4) dialog: Sounder! SOUNDER comes running toward him from the field in back o bends to a pan on the ground and puts the scraps of food arrives and begins to eat. NATHAN rises and looks on, ple
22) 5) dialog: That oughta put you in good shape for tonight!
24) 1) dialog: The one thing we got plenty of is wood! She stops her work and just looks on him with concern whe EARL dash out into the yard, breaking her trend of though
24) 8) dialog: 'Bye, son...  He takes off with JOSIE MAE, EARL and SOUNDER. REBECCA starts back toward the clothesline, and as if to stops and turns to NATHAN.
24) 10) dialog: I went where I had to go, Rebecca. My children  was hungry. As if to say the conversation is over, he immediately goe wood. She gives him a long but soft look and then finally
34) 0) text: Men, women and children are standing around, loudly rooti the three children make their way through the crowd to fi NATHAN LEE is pitching on the mound for his team. He thro Batter misses it --
35) 2) dialog: And if they saw me pitch the way I did today --  they'd hire me just to strike out Babe Ruth! NATHAN and IKE give out with a big laugh. REBECCA just sm
36) 4) dialog: They probly thought you was crazy.
36) 6) dialog: What did the Lord tell you, Ike?
36) 10) dialog: Ike, you could make a song outta that!
36) 15) dialog: Oh, yeh -- possums and coons better hide deep  from us tonight! IKE moves away from them -- As they continue on home they singing to himself --
37) 5) dialog: We better see who they is... They begin to move slowly toward the house with deliberat two men becoming more visible identifiable with their sho their sides. They move into the yard and stop about twelv men.
55) 3) dialog: (almost in a whisper). 
67) 1) dialog: Well, looka here... 
67) 3) dialog: Hi to you, son... He extends his hands and they shake -- and then he draws embraces him --
67) 5) dialog: They is!? It shore is good to see you, boy! Finally DAVID passes the box with the cake on to him.
67) 7) dialog: Aw, don't make no difference, son. If I know  your mama, a few knife holes ain't gon' destroy  the soul she put into this cake. Come on, have  a piece with your daddy. NATHAN breaks a piece for himself and passes another on t a bite out of the cake.
67) 9) dialog: He'll show up one day. 
67) 11) dialog: Naww -- he'll come back to you, soon as his  wounds heal. This cake shore is tasty, son. He walks away from the cell door and moves to the window up with his back to DAVID.
67) 12) dialog: It's a shame they won't let 'em come in here.  If I had the strength I'd knock down these damn  walls -- if I could just git my arms 'round  your mama right now -- is they on this side of  us, son?
67) 14) dialog: Dammit! I'm gon' see 'em if I have to break my  arms! NATHAN finally gets his eyes up to the window -- he looks them --
67) 15) dialog: I can see them! I can see them! His arms give way and he drops back to the floor on his f slowly to DAVID and takes him by the arms through the bar
67) 16) dialog: Son, don't ever let yourself get caught in a  place like this. There is a moment of agonizing silence as they look at ea
67) 18) dialog: I don't know, son -- they won't tell us things  like that -- but I don't want y'all to come  here no more.
67) 20) dialog: Just do like I tell you -- I'll get word to you  through the visitin' preacher. 
67) 23) dialog: Go, son... NATHAN and DAVID shake hands and then DAVID slowly moves sporadically looking back over his shoulder toward his fa through the cell block door -- the door slams behind him
121) 3) dialog: Got it hurt in a dynamite blast, son. The dirty  dogs had no more use for me, so they let me  have time off my sentence, and let me come home.
121) 8) dialog: Well, let's get to it, Miss Rebecca,'cause I  been waitin' too long a time for your good  cookin'! They move out of the field and across the road for their
122) 1) dialog: All I can say, Rebecca, is that was some meal!  Thank you! She stops her work, turns to him and smiles.
122) 5) dialog: Goodnight to you, little girl. He kisses her on the face and then EARL moves to him.
122) 7) dialog: Goodnight, son... He embraces EARL -- and then the two children move for th REBECCA accompanying them.
122) 8) dialog: Son, that was some trip you went on...
122) 10) dialog: That musta been afta they sent me to this place  call Clayburn. That was the hardest workin'  camp they sent me to. The work was so hard,  you had to look for somethin' to laugh about to  keep from feelin' the whole pain in your body.  Like one time, it was in the middle of the day,  and there weren't no sun -- you hear that?
122) 12) dialog: Into the clouds and behind the mountains.
122) 14) dialog: The rains started to come, and the prisoners  were scared to run 'cause they had to wait for  guards to round us up, and tell us when to move -- but we didn't mind the rain comin' 'cause it  meant we would git a little rest -- we just  stood there, watchin' the guards and they  weapons get wet, and that made us all feel  kinda good for a minute. I was laughin' all  over inside -- a minute, that's all, but what  a minute it was! He laughs -- DAVID LEE laughs along with him -- the laugh
122) 16) dialog: And me too, son! You shore done got to be such  a big little man! 
122) 18) dialog: You bet we is!
122) 22) dialog: Goodnight to you, son...  DAVID LEE moves for his room, stops and turns back to his
122) 24) dialog: Come here, son... DAVID LEE moves closer to him -- NATHAN takes the boy int holds him close. He releases him -- the boy smiles, turns room. NATHAN looks on the door for awhile where the boy h from the table and moves into his room.
123) 2) dialog: NATHAN is in bed, asleep. He turns over and as he does, h of DAVID LEE -- He props himself on his elbow to come out looks to the boy.
123) 3) dialog: Mornin', son... 
123) 6) dialog: Where's everybody? 
123) 8) dialog: Guess I can't just lay here, then. He lifts himself up and sits on the edge of the bed, rubs his hair -- reacts, looking down on the floor.
123) 12) dialog: Thank you, son...  He begins to slowly put on his clothes --
123) 14) dialog: Great, son -- not like wakin' up in jail. For a  minute or two, didn't quite know where I was,  but when I saw your face lookin down on me,  made me know right away the day was gonna be a  good one, and it all belonged to me!
124) 2) dialog: Smells good, too! He turns away from the stove, and they move out the backd
125) 1) dialog: Hi there, big boy!  SOUNDER leaps all over him -- he wrestles playfully with
125) 2) dialog: They thought one little ol' shotgun was gonna  stop you -- you showed huh, boy! SOUNDER continues to paw all over him.
125) 3) dialog: Down boy! That's enough! SOUNDER turns to DAVID who kneels to stroke and caress hi the water well, and begins to wash up.
125) 5) dialog: Soon -- but it won't be too much huntin' you'll  be doin','cordin' to a good little story your  mama told me last night -- you'll be goin' away  from here, won't you?
126) 1) dialog: You kept my stuff in real good shape, son. He takes up his baseball glove and a ball -- tries the gl -- then tosses the ball to DAVID. DAVID catches it -- NAT
126) 3) dialog: Come on, son, throw a couple to me! He moves briskly out of the shed back into the yard -- DA out behind him --
127) 1) dialog: Alright, chunk it to me! DAVID throws the ball softly and it lands in NATHAN's glo ball back to DAVID -- DAVID catches it in his bare hand.
127) 2) dialog: Let me have one with a little steam on it, now! DAVID rears back and fires a hard one at him. It pops int
127) 3) dialog: Boy that was a mean curve you just threw!
127) 5) dialog: That's enough for now, son. I better eat so we  can get out to the field and help your mama  before she come lookin' for us, and you know  how tough your mama can get!
129) 1) dialog: What did he want? 
129) 3) dialog: Did you tell 'im I was too busy for that kinda  stuff? He puts his arms around her shoulders, and draws her clos children stand by with big wide open smiles on their face
129) 4) dialog: Dammit! It shore feels good to be back home! He releases her -- walks about twelve feet away -- inspec -- looks about over the field --
129) 5) dialog: Y'all did some good job with the crop. He turns and walks back to them --
129) 6) dialog: Well, let's get to work! 
129) 8) dialog: Yeah. I feel real up to it right now. Come on,  David Lee, you and me'll do the loading. REBECCA and the other children start in with the picking, NATHAN with concern as he, DAVID LEE and SOUNDER move thr finally, she returns her full attention to the work --
129) 9) dialog: I'm real proud of how you helped your mama to  keep this place goin', David Lee.
129) 11) dialog: I'll lift up the back end, and you just hold on  to the front end for me. He lifts up the back end of the sack -- DAVID LEE takes h tied end, and they struggle to get it up on the wagon, wi and groaning. The same thing happens with the second sack
129) 12) dialog: Wheeew! This is some hard work, but it beats  goin' to jail.
129) 14) dialog: No, son -- they'd have to kill me before I'd  let 'em do that to me again! He realizes he has said the wrong thing from the worried face.
129) 15) dialog: Nobody's goin' to jail, and nobody's gittin'  hurt. Come on, let's get this one up on the  wagon. NATHAN reaches down for the bag -- his leg gives way on h his behind --
129) 17) dialog: No, no, I'm all right, son... This damn leg  just won't act right no more! He tries to get up right away but the leg is in such pain
129) 21) dialog: This done happen before. It ain't nothin' -- I  just have to wait a minute or two.
129) 23) dialog: Yeah, just stay where you is... He supports himself on his right arm and slowly pushes hi can stand on his foot --
129) 24) dialog: There, you see?
129) 26) dialog: I just got out here! 
129) 28) dialog: Woman worries too much for me. He slowly starts to limp away with SOUNDER but DAVID LEE where he is --
129) 31) dialog: You comin' with us, son? After a bit of hesitation, DAVID LEE slowly moves toward now turned and is moving farther out of the field --
130) 1) dialog: Hi ya doin' there, Ike? 
130) 3) dialog: Whatcha got there? 
130) 5) dialog: Well, let me have it. 
130) 7) dialog: Well, son, who is it from?  DAVID LEE hesitates for a moment, then holds the letter u
130) 10) dialog: Well, ain't you gon' open and read it for us? He looks directly to his father, and then to his mother - and sits. They all gather closer to him as he takes his t envelope. When it is opened -- he seems not to want to re
130) 13) dialog: September 4 -- how far away is that?
130) 15) dialog: Come on, children, let's go! Moves on to the wagon. 
130) 19) dialog: To the commissary to get this boy some clothes!  I'm gon' get everybody somethin'!
130) 21) dialog: Don't tell me nothin' 'bout what we owe ol' man  Howard! I'll do the owing, and let him worry  'bout the collecting! Come on, David Lee! DAVID LEE does not move from where he is standing.
130) 22) dialog: Did you hear me, boy? Come on! DAVID LEE moves slowly to the wagon stops and looks up to
130) 25) dialog: And I wanta be with you, too, but this school  is somethin' that's good for you -- somethin  you need, like good air to breathe, and I want  you to have it, boy, and that's the way it's  gonna be!
130) 27) dialog: (grabs him by one arm)
130) 30) dialog: Now wait justa minute! You don't tell me what  you ain't gonna do! I tell you! I say, you  goin' to that school, you goin'! You hear me! He releases the boy, climbs back up on the wagon, and loo
130) 36) dialog: The boys words have rendered him speechless -- he doesn't do or say for the moment.
130) 39) dialog: David! The boy keeps running -- NATHAN climbs down from the wago
130) 41) dialog: David Lee, come back here! REBECCA rushes down from the porch and moves for NATHAN -
130) 46) dialog: As he rakes a long hard look to her -- turns, and moves o find the boy -- SOUNDER follows him --
131) 1) dialog: David! David Lee! He gets no response to his call -- He moves on and on abo
131) 2) dialog: David! You hear me callin' you!? He moves on even farther, and finally he spots the boy, s lump of earth with his face down between his legs, crying and then slowly moves to the boy and sits beside him --
131) 3) dialog: Son, will you listen to me for a minute? After a minute's hesitation, DAVID slowly raises his head his father --
131) 4) dialog: You know, son, when I got this leg hurt, I was  down in a rock quarry, and all of a sudden,  there was this dynamite blast comin' at me with  the kind of force to kill ten men, but I got  outta the way of most of them rock, quicker'n  the lightnin' in God's mind -- 'cause I made it  up in my head, just that quick to beat the  death that was comin' at me. And that's what  I'm gonna do with this trouble in my leg. I'm  gon' beat it. That's all that's left for me to  do. That's what I want you to do. I want you to  beat the life they got laid out for you in this  valley. DAVID LEE looks directly at him and then turns away.
131) 5) dialog: I was watchin' your sister and brother out here  the other day, and I said to myself, these is  just children -- they ain't got no business out  here in this hot sun... As for me and your  mama, we been in this field so long, we ain't  never known anything else. DAVID LEE is looking straight out and away from him. NATH hesitates -- finally the boy holds his hands up before hi his hands, rises and moves away from his father -- stops away. About three rows away, the white man is driving thr truck -- They watch the truck move on --
131) 6) dialog: There ain't nothin' here but people like them  bastards that sent me away, and tried to kill  me. Son, please don't get too used to this  place. I'm gonna love you wherever you is. Me,  your mama, Josie Mae and Earl, we gonna love  you even more. We gonna be at that school to  see you every chance we get.
131) 10) dialog: I love you, son! Don't ever think I don't love  you!  (pause)
133) 3) dialog: I oughta be gettin' back here by tomorrow night  some time... Gitttt! The wagon rolls away -- DAVID turns back to wave --
134) 2) dialog: What's that, son?