9) 0) text: NATHAN, DAVID, and SOUNDER step into the cabin. It is an the home of the Morgan family so it is kept neat and clea one side of the area is a kitchen table, a wood stove, an cabinet. To the other side are two old rockers, an old dr two pieces of other old living room furniture -- there ar this area: the backdoor in the kitchen section which lead and two in the sitting room which leads to the childrens' REBECCA's rooms. REBECCA MORGAN, an attractive brown-skin woman in her thi rocker by the stove alone, picking kernels out of walnut hairpin. She looks up to NATHAN as he stands just inside down at her.
11) 6) dialog: David Lee, it's time for you to get to bed!
11) 9) dialog: And don't wake up Josie Mae and Earl! They watch DAVID LEE enter the house -- then NATHAN LEE l they begin to move for the house.
11) 12) dialog: I bet you could use a hot cup of coffee, Nathan  Lee.
13) 0) text: NATHAN and REBECCA enter the house through the back door the table in the kitchen area as REBECCA moves directly t children's room -- just before she gets to the door, she bowl of walnuts on the floor by the rocker has been distu the bowl up from the floor and looks to NATHAN --
13) 1) dialog: The boy done went into my walnuts! I skin my  fingers to the bone to pick two pounds that's  worth almost nothing at the commissary and he  done took almost half of what I pick!
13) 4) dialog: We been through these off-seasons before -- we  made it.
14) 0) text: REBECCA moves with directness through the room, on out do
15) 0) text: REBECCA stands in middle of the backyard, looking about i
15) 1) dialog: (softly). 
20) 0) text: REBECCA is hanging out wash on the clothes line as the ch her.
20) 2) dialog: That's right!
20) 4) dialog: Where all meat come from -- now git yourself  washed up and be snappy about it -- you got six  miles ahead of you to that school. She heads for the kitchen while the children proceed to w
21) 0) text: REBECCA enters the kitchen and immediately starts prepari NATHAN is awakened and is standing in the doorway to the room. She notices him and stops her work for a moment.
21) 1) dialog: Good mornin', Nathan. 
21) 3) dialog: You ready to eat?
21) 6) dialog: Little chilly.
23) 0) text: The children are at the table eating as REBECCA is about laundry work in the backyard.
23) 1) dialog: Don't take all day at that table, David Lee.
23) 3) dialog: Maybe soon-- She moves out of the door --
24) 0) text: Out in the backyard, NATHAN is chopping wood with SOUNDER REBECCA returns to hanging out the wash. She starts that and occasionally glances over to him at the woodpile. He moment and calls out to her.
24) 3) dialog: Tuck that shirt in, David Lee.  He moves toward her, cramming the shirt down into his pan
24) 4) dialog: You got two shirts on? 
24) 6) dialog: When you get outta that school, you come right  on back home, y'all gon' have to take this  laundry work I done for Miss Boatwright today. She gives him a quick hug and kiss. He rushes over to his
24) 9) dialog: Where was it you went last night, Nathan? He rises from his chopping position and faces her directl
34) 3) dialog: It's the good livin' that do it, Harriet! She smiles as the children approach her. DAVID LEE hands
34) 6) dialog: Nobody yet -- it's all tied up. The ballgame goes on as they shout and roar for NATHAN's putting on quite a pitching performance in the close, exc NATHAN's team is at bat -- there are two out -- a man at bat. The man at bat hits a ground ball to the second base trickles away from his glove into the outfield -- he quic ball and tries to make a play at First Base, but the Batt meanwhile the runner on Second has moved past Third Base score -- the first baseman throws the ball to the catcher the runner slides into Home. It is a close play and the u decision to call the runner safe. An uproar takes place a shows its displeasure over the umpire's call -- but the p rooting for NATHAN's team shout and scream in ecstasy. Af order is restored.
36) 2) dialog: Same as we -- they pray. 
36) 9) dialog: If there ever was a devil in this county, Ike,  you is it!
36) 13) dialog: Us too, Ike.
37) 4) dialog: Children, come here... The children move back -- NATHAN LEE looks behind himself fields as if he would like to make a dash for it -- but R every physical and mental motion he makes.
38) 7) dialog: Be quiet, son... EARL falls into his mother's embrace - suddenly, SOUNDER' the atmosphere, and for the first time the DEPUTIES draw waist level --
38) 11) dialog: You been knowin' Nathan for a long time,  Sheriff Young, and you know what kind of man he  is, and you know the trouble we face in these  off-seasons. The SHERIFF cannot look her in the face -- he walks away everyone, and just looks out over the fields -- then fina his hand to the two DEPUTIES, standing at NATHAN'S side t truck. They lift him up into the truck as JOSIE MAE, stan with EARL, starts to cry softly as REBECCA moves to the e real close to NATHAN'S face. She kisses him lightly on th they just look on each other for awhile, in a way they kn other so well. Then in a physical, tough manner, REBECCA up on the porch with JOSIE MAE and EARL. One DEPUTY gets in the back of the truck with NATHAN, and the wheel -- as SHERIFF YOUNG climbs up and sits next to
38) 14) dialog: David, come back here! SOUNDER lets out with his voice, and charges past DAVID f road.
40) 0) text: REBECCA rushes down from the porch to the edge of the yar
40) 1) dialog: David!
42) 0) text: DAVID trots back to the front yard -- REBECCA is at the e JOSIE MAE and EARL are still on the porch -- DAVID keeps house -- REBECCA stares down the road -- in her backgroun DAVID and the lighted lantern can be seen faintly, crawli JOSIE MAE and EARL come down from the porch, and stop jus mother.
42) 2) dialog: (pause)
42) 5) dialog: (pause)
44) 0) text: The following morning REBECCA pours the walnuts from the bag and proceeds to tie the bag up as DAVID LEE looks on. enter.
44) 1) dialog: Josie Mae, I'm goin' into town for awhile to  see about your Daddy -- David Lee is gon' be in  charge here, so you and Earl do just like he  tells you. She steps out of the front door with DAVID -- JOSIE MAE a move through the yard, and on to the road leading away fr
45) 0) text: REBECCA and DAVID LEE slowly move along up the road.
45) 1) dialog: Watch the fire -- don't go too far lookin' for  Sounder, and warm up some of that corn mush for  y'all to eat. If anybody comes to the house  that's a stranger to you, don't say nothin'. They come to a halt at a short distance from the house -- softly down on the boy for a moment.
45) 3) dialog: 'Bye, son -- I won't be gone long. The mother and son move away on the road with their backs DAVID LEE picks up speed and runs.
47) 0) text: REBECCA moves into town, picking up the main street, cros moving in the direction of SHERIFF YOUNG's office which i County Court House.
48) 0) text: SHERIFF YOUNG is seated behind his desk -- a DEPUTY is si across the room. REBECCA enters and stands before the SHE
48) 2) dialog: I wanta see Nathan.
48) 4) dialog: I don't understand that, Sheriff Young.
48) 6) dialog: You mean to tell me I can't see my own husband?
48) 8) dialog: I got to see my husband, Sheriff Young!
48) 10) dialog: Will they give him a trial? 
48) 13) dialog: You gotta low-life job, mister sheriff! REBECCA turns and storms out of the SHERIFF'S office and
49) 0) text: REBECCA walks in haste and anger away from the SHERIFF's street of Landsdown.
51) 2) dialog: I brought these walnuts to trade. He looks into the bag -- then empties the walnuts onto a looks to her...
51) 4) dialog: I wanta get some things. 
51) 6) dialog: I didn't say nothin' 'bout credit, Mr. Howard.
51) 8) dialog: I need some nutmeg, flour, eggs, sugar, and... A few minutes later, he puts her last article up on the c
51) 12) dialog: (pause)
53) 4) dialog: Hi, Children -- here, take some of these  packages. The children relieve her of all of the packages, and they through the yard for the house.
53) 6) dialog: No, son. We havta wait 'til the holiday comes  -- anyway, they won't let womenfolk see their  men no time.
53) 8) dialog: You sure can, son... They step up on the porch and move into the house.
54) 1) dialog: Any sign of Sounder?
54) 3) dialog: I think maybe he was scraped on the head by  that shot. I don't think he's dead -- just gone  somewhere to heal himself. She takes out of one of the bags of flour, cocoa, and a s vanilla flavoring. EARL takes out from one of the bags an
54) 5) dialog: I'm goin' use it to put a cake in and I'm gon'  let David Lee take it to your daddy! As the children help their mother put the things away.
56) 0) text: From the top of the Court House building, REBECCA, DAVID seen, slowly walking across the square, moving farther an
57) 0) text: REBECCA hangs out clothes - DAVID LEE draws water from th wrings the water out of the clothes -- EARL pours water i
60) 0) text: DAVID LEE reads from "The Three Musketeers" to REBECCA, J It is very funny -- they laugh.
62) 0) text: Sunday, REBECCA and the children -- DAVID LEE carrying th their way down the street -- people are moving back and f dress. They move into the Square at the Court House.
63) 0) text: At the square, they come to a halt as REBECCA looks up at the Court House building. It is about ten minutes to twel continue on around to the back of the building --
64) 0) text: They stop in front of a huge back entrance and look up to with prison bars. A number of black people are moving int about and waiting as REBECCA and the children are.
64) 1) dialog: Be sure to ask your daddy to tell you what camp  they goin' to send him to. And whatever you do in there, David Lee, act perkish, and don't  grieve him. The clock above the Court House strikes twelve times. The intensity until the twelfth stroke.
64) 2) dialog: All right, son, that's it -- now don't forget  what I told you. DAVID LEE moves through the doorway with the other people
69) 0) text: REBECCA and the children attend services at the Church -- standing -- they are in the midst of a song, led by the P Like everything else in Landsdown for Black People, it is structure with creaky, movable chairs for the worshipers are two high windows on both sides. The Pastor reads the verses of the song in the traditiona Preacher's fashion, and the congregation repeats the vers Song --
70) 0) text: Coffee, cold drinks, cookies and fruit are being served t chattering crowd of church goers -- inside a woman is at rhythmic uptempo gospel songs. IKE is there also. REBECCA, with HARRIET in line behind her, and the childre the table to be served.
70) 2) dialog: Why don't you try it, Harriet, and just see  what everybody would do. 
70) 4) dialog: You determined to get that dance in.
70) 6) dialog: If I don't go over there and butt in, I ain't  gon' ever get to talk to the Preacher about  Nathan. She rises and moves across the floor. DAVID LEE watches c approaches the PREACHER and gets his attention by touchin and they move off to a more secluded spot in the Church. moves to join their company.
70) 8) dialog: It's a shame, Reverend. It's a damn shame.
70) 10) dialog: Yeah, he'll crawl into my bed tonight, lie  close to my body and keep me warm -- and  rectify the evil in the men who live over us  in this valley.
70) 12) dialog: Is that a blessing, Reverend? Her words jar and disturb the PREACHER --
71) 0) text: REBECCA and the children are just about to enter the yard stops and pulls on his mother's arm.
71) 2) dialog: What is it, David Lee? 
72) 2) dialog: Poor creature...
74) 0) text: REBECCA, DAVID LEE, JOSIE MAE and EARL up in the field, w hoeing and cultivating the soil -- SOUNDER trots about th vicinity of DAVID LEE --
75) 0) text: REBECCA is looking on about three hundred feet away as DA with SOUNDER in open field, trying to work him back into halfway picks the dog up -- drops him to the ground, take SOUNDER does not follow him. He comes back to the dog and affectionately -- takes off and runs again -- this time, after him. REBECCA and DAVID look to each other and smile success!! He caresses and hugs the dog -- they move towar and they start walking back toward the house -- and then they and the dog take off in speed with huge raindrops sp their faces and bodies. From the field, as they make a ru figures become smaller as they near the backyard and the home...
78) 0) text: REBECCA, JOSIE MAE and EARL are working the field as DAVI towards them --
78) 2) dialog: Good! But you don't have to tell the whole  valley 'bout it! You'll get that woman in  trouble!
81) 5) dialog: Right here, Miss Boatwright. REBECCA is standing in the doorway of the shed -- MRS. BO quite know how to begin -- the two women just look to eac -- then --
81) 7) dialog: Miss Boatwright -- you shore is a crazy actin'  woman sometime! She bursts out laughing and kicks up her leg -- DAVID pic then MRS. BOATWRIGHT... EARL and JOSIE MAE arrive and sto the house -- can't quite make out what this crazy laughin they move to the center of the yard with them and join in After a short while the laughter comes to a sudden stop - silence --
81) 9) dialog: At the way you ask funny questions, Josie Mae!
82) 0) text: In the house, REBECCA and all the children are gathered a BOATWRIGHT at the table with a map spread out as she scan a pencil --
82) 2) dialog: Trouble, Miss Boatwright? 
82) 7) dialog: It's clear, Miss Boatwright -- it's so clear,  you don't havta go any further -- thank you -- when the time comes for us to find that place,  we will -- won't we, children? 
83) 0) text: REBECCA and DAVID LEE are hoeing as JOSIE MAE and EARL ru grooves planting seeds -- REBECCA and DAVID complete thei down on the ground out of exhaustion as JOSIE and EARL mo seeding the last grooves of earth.
84) 0) text: REBECCA is sitting in her rocker, knitting, when DAVID LE room -- she turns and looks to him --
84) 1) dialog: Can't sleep?
84) 4) dialog: So did I. I figured when the time got right,  we could all take a day or two and walk up  there, but it's not the kind of long trip for a  child to take alone.
84) 6) dialog: But you'll be away from home for days -- what  will you do when the dark comes, where will  you sleep? I can't send you away from here  like that!
84) 8) dialog: (pause)
84) 10) text: The field's all planted, so I guess I can spare  you for a little while. When do you wanta  leave? REBECCA gets up from the rocker and starts putting her kn dresser --
84) 12) dialog: Yes, son. You better get back to bed.
84) 14) dialog: Good night... He turns, moves out of sight into his room. REBECCA gets puts her knitting away, picks up the map MRS. BOATWRIGHT dresser, and spreads it on the table to the light of the make sense of the map -- she folds it back up and shoves looks across the room in thought.
85) 0) text: Two days later, a little after daybreak, DAVID is all set with SOUNDER -- DAVID is at the table -- IKE is standing writes on a piece of paper -- REBECCA and the other child
86) 1) dialog: I wish you wouldn't take the dog with you,  David -- he's likely to be a burden to you.
86) 3) dialog: Here's your food -- now you go straight to that  place -- if you need to rest, go into a church  or railroad station -- but don't go into  nobody's house, you hear me? 
86) 5) dialog: Ask your daddy to give you some word about when  he'll be comin' home -- and tell 'im we love  him.
86) 7) dialog: Good luck to you, son... (releases him)
111) 3) dialog: What happened to you? I've been worried out of  my life. What's wrong with your hand, son?
111) 5) dialog: Did you find your father? 
111) 7) dialog: I guess they musta sent 'im to another camp. They all start moving for the house.
111) 8) dialog: What's that you carryin'? 
111) 10) dialog: Who's Miss Johnson?
112) 2) dialog: Miss Johnson must be a real kindly lady.
112) 5) dialog: How can you do that? You don't live anywhere  near that school.
112) 7) dialog: But who's gonna help me here with the house and  in the field? She puts some food on the table before him -- he hesitate she is about to exit through the back door -- stops in th back to him.
112) 8) dialog: If your father is back by then it's all right  with me if it'll be all right with him... REBECCA moves out just like that, leaving the boy thrown moment -- he looks in the direction of his mother's room slowly starts to eat, with his appetite practically gone EARL on the other side of the table are staring at him.
113) 0) text: A white man in a wagon rolls in the aisle between the row the wagon at each sack, where REBECCA and DAVID LEE load wagon.
114) 0) text: The wagon rolls up to the weighing station on MR. HOWARD' to a halt -- REBECCA and DAVID LEE climb down from the wa there. REBECCA and DAVID LEE unload the sacks from the wagon, an the scale, while the man who was driving the wagon writes numbers on a piece of paper -- 
115) 0) text: REBECCA, JOSIE MAE and EARL are gathered around DAVID LEE completes writing a letter -- he sits back to read it.
115) 3) dialog: Son, you sure write a good fine letter!
120) 0) text: Later the same day, DAVID LEE is lying on his stomach, re his books. REBECCA is doing some sewing -- SOUNDER comes of the house, hobbling back and forth to the road and bac
120) 1) dialog: What's wrong with him, David? 
120) 3) dialog: It's when the heat is so bad, dogs go crazy.
120) 5) dialog: Who's that to be fightin' scorchin' heat out in  open land like that? SOUNDER moves about restlessly in the yard -- and then su the great coon hound breaks the sultry August deadness an road toward the figure. REBECCA jumps to her feet.
120) 6) dialog: He's gone mad! Stop him, David! DAVID LEE takes off after SOUNDER -- his voice is ringing keeps moving until he arrives at the figure. REBECCA sees take the dog into his arms, and now the light hits at the
120) 7) dialog: Oh my God, it's Nathan! It's Nathan!!! She drops everything and charges off the porch with JOSIE making haste behind her. MEDIUM ANGLE - REBECCA, JOSIE MAE and EARL - PORCH POV As they dash across the road and into the field, almost i motion.
121) 6) dialog: The most important thing is that you're home!  (pause)
122) 2) dialog: I'm glad you liked it, Nathan.  She returns to her work.
122) 3) dialog: Alright, children, it was your bedtime two  hours ago -- let's get a move on you... JOSIE MAE and EARL rise and move around the table to thei
122) 20) dialog: Your time now, David Lee...  She enters the room -- DAVID LEE rises from the table, mo and extends his hand out to him for a shake -- they shake
128) 0) text: REBECCA, JOSIE MAE, and EARL are working the field when M in his truck -- He gets out and approaches them.
128) 2) text: Hi ya, Rebecca... 
128) 3) dialog: (the cynical truth)
128) 7) dialog: Why don't you pay him a visit, Mr. Howard?   He'll tell you all about it. 
129) 2) dialog: To invite you to his house -- the two of you  could just sit under the shade tree, drink ice cold whiskey, and just shoot the breeze!
129) 7) dialog: You sure you feel up to it, Nathan?
129) 19) dialog: What's wrong, Nathan? 
129) 22) dialog: Is there something I can do to help you?
129) 25) dialog: I see, all right -- It's time for us to get out  of this field.
129) 27) dialog: It's lunchtime, and I wanna have a talk with  you, Nathan Lee. Come on, children... She turns briskly and moves off with JOSIE MAE and EARL f
130) 14) dialog: 'Bout a week... With directness, NATHAN LEE moves toward the wagon in fro stops and turns --
130) 18) dialog: Where you goin'!?
130) 20) dialog: But, Nathan--
130) 42) dialog: Nathan! NATHAN LEE stops in his tracks, his back to her --
130) 44) dialog: 
130) 45) dialog: Please, leave him be, Nathan! He missed you in  a grave way while you was gone -- he sweated  and worried to find out where they holdin' you  -- went on that long journey -- you come home,  and it's a natural thing for him to wanta hold  on to you now.
133) 0) text: As the children exit from the house, REBECCA is at the wa NATHAN as he loads a box of DAVID'S things on the wagon - and he takes the bag from EARL and loads it up on the wag to the reins, SOUNDER hops up on the wagon, and then REBE her arms --
133) 1) dialog: Be good and be smart, little boy.