38) 0) text: SHERIFF YOUNG steps out of the front door of their house. not speak for a moment -- they merely stare at each other family with inquiring and fretful eyes.
38) 1) dialog: We been in your house, Nathan-- NATHAN and REBECCA look to each other with knowing glance
38) 3) dialog: We found what we was lookin' for. He moves away from the door and stops at the edge of the
38) 4) dialog: You took some food and stuff from the James'  Smoke House last night so me and my deputies  here gon' hafta take you to the County Court  House. SHERIFF YOUNG nor the DEPUTIES make a physical move towar long moment of tense silence. For a second, NATHAN seems desperate break and run, but REBECCA holds him by the arm strength her hand can afford.
38) 5) dialog: Okay, boys... The DEPUTIES move in and take NATHAN by the arms from bot handcuffs on him.
38) 8) dialog: Shut that mongrel up! DAVID runs to SOUNDER and tempers him as the sound fades dog frantically scratches the earth as DAVID holds on to
38) 9) dialog: Git that truck up close here, and quick! One of the DEPUTIES moves out in a hurry to fetch the veh YOUNG moves down the steps into the yard and looks to DAV
38) 10) dialog: Now boy, if you love that dog, you better keep  a good, strong hold on him. The sound of the truck is heard moving up close to the ho REBECCA moves away from JOSIE MAE and EARL, and stops dir SHERIFF YOUNG.
38) 12) dialog: Alright, let's go! The truck starts to pull away -- DAVID lets go of his gri makes a dash out into the road.
47) 0) text: REBECCA moves into town, picking up the main street, cros moving in the direction of SHERIFF YOUNG's office which i County Court House.
48) 0) text: SHERIFF YOUNG is seated behind his desk -- a DEPUTY is si across the room. REBECCA enters and stands before the SHE
48) 1) dialog: Howya do, Rebecca. I sorta been expectin' you  this mornin'. 
48) 3) dialog: I wish I could, Rebecca, but I can't let you.
48) 5) dialog: It's the rules and I gotta follow 'em. No  visitin' 'cept holidays and Sunday -- and no  womenfolk anytime. 
48) 7) dialog: That's the way they do things here in Landsdown.  I just follow orders.
48) 9) dialog: I'd like to help you, Rebecca. But all that  would do, is git us both in trouble.
48) 12) dialog: Shore thing -- next week sometime, and as soon  as I git the day, I'll ride out and let you  know 'bout it. 