5) 0) text: CREDIT SEQUENCE. Now a delivery truck moves down a suburban street. SUPERIMPOSE: LOS ANGELES. 1951. The CREDITS BEGIN. It is only just past dawn as the truck passes a car coming from the opposite direction. The car approaches a one-level, small detached house, which sits, secure, confident, a family image of post-war America. The car draws up in the drive, and from it gets out DAN BROWN, a sturdy, handsome American, just turning 30. He wears suit trousers and a white open-neck shirt, and he is carrying a bunch of white roses. He lets himself in through the front door, and moves, roses in hand, along past the sitting room with its pastel shades and low, sparse furniture into the kitchen. As he reaches for a vase, he looks towards the door of a nearly-darkened bedroom which is open at the back of the house. A few rays of light from the window help to pick out shapes. In the bedroom LAURA BROWN, a few years older than DAN, is lying asleep in the bed. She is small, angular and fragile. She turns a moment in her sleep.
11) 0) text: LAURA is lying in the bed, luxuriating in a moment of being alone. She reaches for the copy of Mrs. Dalloway beside her bed and she opens it. She smiles in anticipated pleasure. She speaks out loud.
11) 1) dialog: 'Mrs. Dalloway said she would buy the flowers herself.'
14) 0) text: A 5-year-old boy is watching as cereal is poured into a bowl. LAURA and DAN'S son, RICHIE, is sitting at the table as DAN prepares his breakfast. RICHIE is in pajamas, a sensitive little boy, his face unable to censor his shifting feelings. DAN is in shirt and tie, his jacket neatly hung on the back of a chair.
14) 4) dialog: Happy birthday.
14) 6) dialog: Oh, Dan. Roses. On your own birthday. You're too much, really. (CONTINUED)
14) 9) dialog: It's your birthday. You shouldn't be out buying me flowers.
14) 11) dialog: So?
14) 13) dialog: Good morning, bug. Co DAN You need to rest, Laura. You're only four months away.
14) 14) dialog: Honestly! I'm fine. I'm just tired. DAN touches her stomach tenderly. LAURA smiles, but then slips away. She pours herself coffee. DAN is putting his jacket on over his dazzling white shirt, readying himself for work.
14) 16) dialog: That's true.
14) 18) dialog: co Oh, we've got our plans, haven't : we? (CONTINUED)
14) 25) dialog: Have a good day.
14) 27) dialog: And, Dan... DAN stops at the door.
14) 28) dialog: Happy birthday.
14) 30) dialog: You need to finish your breakfast.
14) 35) dialog: So. I'm going to make a cake. That's what I'm going to do. I'm going to make the cake for Daddy's birthday.
14) 37) dialog: Well...
14) 39) dialog: Of course you can, sweet pea. I'm not going to do anything without you.
22) 0) text: LAURA sits thinking at the kitchen table, turning the pages of a cookery book.
32) 0) text: LAURA is still in her dressing gown, but now with an apron tied over it. She is sitting frowning at a recipe book on the surface in front of her. Beside her she has assembled all the elements of cake-making -- eggs, tins, sugar and a series of pale blue bowls. But the endeavor is stalled. RICHIE is standing beside her, waiting patiently.
32) 1) dialog: Let's think.
32) 3) dialog: I know you grease the pan, sweet one. Even Mommy knows that. Decisively she reaches to assemble the elements. RICHIE frowns, watching.
32) 4) dialog: Okay. This is what we're going to do. Flour. Bowl. Sifter.
32) 6) dialog: Can you sift the flour? LAURA smiles at him. (CONTINUED)
32) 10) dialog: Yes, you can sift the flour, baby, if that's what makes you happy.
32) 12) dialog: Okay. You do that. LAURA gives RICHIE a sieve, then pours the raw flour in for him to shake out. RICHIE concentrates with great seriousness. Flour falls through the sieve in a fine white powder into a blue china bowl. LAURA has
32) 13) dialog: Isn't it beautiful? Don’t you think it looks like snow? gone back to looking at the recipe book again.
32) 14) dialog: Next -- now this is the next thing. I'm going to show you. The next thing is we measure out the cups.
32) 16) dialog: I know, sweet pea. I know it isn't difficult. It's just... I want to do this for Daddy.
32) 18) dialog: That's right. We're baking the cake to show him we love him.
32) 20) dialog: That's right. 36 32.
34) 0) text: LAURA is looking at the finished cake. It isn't what she'd hoped. She has tried to pipe out the message "HAPPY BIRTHDAY DAN" on top. But the lettering is clumsy, and there are crumbs in the icing. LAURA speaks under her breath.
34) 1) dialog: It didn't work. Damn! It didn't work. At once there is the sound of the back DOORBELL. LAURA looks, seeing the outline of a woman at the door. She begins to panic, checking in the mirror, alarmed to see herself, still in her bathrobe, looking like a distressed person. RICHIE has come running in, holding a red plastic toy he has been playing with.
35) 0) text: Just a few seconds later. LAURA swings open the door, having made a hurried attempt at normality. Her hair is tidier, but she is still in the robe. At the back door. KITTY is standing, a little younger than LAURA, and more confident, with a voluptuous, good-looking presence: well made-up, well turned out, at ease. (CONTINUED)
35) 3) dialog: Hi, Kitty!
35) 5) dialog: Of course not. Come in.
35) 7) dialog: Why, sure.
35) 9) dialog: Sit down. I've got coffee on. Would you like some?
35) 12) dialog: I know. It didn't work. I thought it was going to work. I thought it would work better than that.
35) 14) dialog: I don't know either.
35) 16) dialog: I know. (CONTINUED)
35) 20) dialog: I greased the pan. KITTY smiles. LAURA is getting cups, pouring coffee.
35) 23) dialog: Does Ray have a birthday?
35) 25) dialog: When is it?
35) 27) dialog: Ray's got a lot of friends.
35) 29) dialog: You've both have a lot of friends. You're good at it. LAURA has said this without envy, and KITTY smiles, accepting the compliment. (CONTINUED)
35) 32) dialog: How is Ray? I haven't seen him in a while.
35) 35) dialog: You can say that again. They came home from the war, they deserved it, didn't they? After what they'd been through?
35) 37) dialog: I don't know. Us, I guess. All this. LAURA gestures ‘round the prosperous surroundings. KITTY nods at the copy of Mrs. Dalloway on the kitchen
35) 39) dialog: Yeah.
35) 41) dialog: Oh, it's about this woman who's incredibly... well, she's a hostess and she's incredibly confident. And she's going to give a party. And... maybe, because she's confident, everyone thinks she's fine. But she isn’t. KITTY has picked up the book and now takes a glance at The talk's run out.
35) 42) dialog: So. (CONTINUED)
35) 46) dialog: What is it? Is something wrong, Kitty? KITTY gathers herself for a moment.
35) 48) dialog: Kitty...
35) 50) dialog: When?
35) 53) dialog: Of course. There's a moment's silence. KITTY puts her front door key on the kitchen table.
35) 54) dialog: Is that what you came to ask? KITTY just looks at her, not answering.
35) 55) dialog: What did the doctor say, exactly?
35) 63) dialog: Yes.
35) 65) dialog: Well, at least now they'll be able to deal with it.
35) 67) dialog: That's right. KITTY is rubbing her thumb against her forefinger, as at an imaginary stain.
35) 69) dialog: No. It's not in your hands.
35) 71) dialog: Kitty... (CONTINUED)
35) 76) dialog: Come here. But in fact it is LAURA who gets up and goes over to KITTY. She bends down and embraces her. After a moment, KITTY slips her arms ‘round LAURA'S waist. The two women hold onto each other, LAURA almost kneeling to be at KITTY'S level. Then, without planning it, LAURA kisses KITTY'S forehead, lingeringly. KITTY lets her.
35) 78) dialog: I know you are.
35) 80) dialog: Forget about Ray for a minute. Just forget about Ray. KITTY'S face is against LAURA'S breasts. She seems to relax into her. LAURA lifts KITTY'S face, and puts her lips against hers. They both know what they are doing. They kiss, letting themselves go a moment. Then LAURA pulls away.
35) 85) dialog: Kitty, you didn't mind?
35) 87) dialog: Do you want me to drive you?
35) 89) dialog: Kitty, it's going to be all right.
35) 91) dialog: What? What do you want? It is said just sharply enough to make RICHIE turn and go silently to his own room. LAURA looks at him going, then walks across to the kitchen top. Then, needing to do something decisive, LAURA picks up the cake which is cooling on a rack. LAURA opens a pedal bin with her foot, and slides the cake off the plate cleanly into the bin. It makes a satisfyingly-solid noise as it lands.
40) 0) text: LAURA is lain out on the bed, an identical look on her face to VIRGINIA'S. Then, impulsively, she gets up from the bed.
41) 0) text: RICHIE is sitting by himself playing on the carpet with his toys. He looks up, missing nothing, as LAURA comes out of the bedroom. She smiles absently at him, and walks across the living room to pick up the tapestry bag which is lying on a chair. She takes it with her and goes into the bathroom. 45 46 47 48.
42) 0) text: LAURA opens the mirrored cupboard above the sink. In it, there are a few odd bottles of aspirin, etc. She reaches for some bottles of prescribed sleeping pills. She opens the tapestry bag, puts the bottles inside and goes out.
43) 0) text: LAURA comes out of the bedroom with the tapestry bag. RICHIE looks up again, trying to puzzle out where she has been. LAURA heads straight for the kitchen, where she puts the bag on a high surface, out of the child's reach. LAURA reaches once more for the flour and eggs.
43) 1) dialog: Hey, bug, I've got this idea. We're going to make another cake. We're going to make a better one.
43) 3) dialog: Then after that, I think we should go out.
48) 0) text: LAURA takes a second cake out of the oven and sets it down on a cake rack. She looks at it a moment. It is much better than the first. It reads HAPPY BIRTHDAY DAN and is fringed with yellow roses. LAURA takes off her oven gloves and reaches for the tapestry bag. She goes out.
49) 0) text: The tapestry bag lands with a wham! on the back seat of the car. LAURA then bundles a rather surprised-looking RICHIE into the passenger seat. Then LAURA goes 'round and gets in the driver's side. (CONTINUED)
49) 3) dialog: I'm going to leave you at Mrs. Latch's. I have to do something. LAURA is dressed and made-up, armored to go out into the world. RICHIE is looking at her as she STARTS the CAR.
49) 5) dialog: You have to. I'm sorry. I have to do something before Daddy comes home. They drive off down the suburban street, fringed with palm trees.
50) 0) text: A cute suburban house with plaster squirrels on the gable over the garage. MRS. LATCH, a big, florid woman in Bermuda shorts, opens the door. RICHIE is holding LAURA'S hand, and looking very reluctant to go into the house.
50) 2) dialog: Hi, Mrs. Latch. My boy's not very happy.
50) 4) dialog: I have to go, honey. LAURA stoops down to his level and kisses him.
50) 6) dialog: Baby. Baby, you have to be brave now. (CONTINUED)
50) 10) dialog: Honey! RICHIE waves back from the step. LAURA quickly gets into the car, grinning at him. She can barely get the key in the starter, but when she does, she turns and drives away.
51) 0) text: LAURA is beginning to drive away down the road. She looks nervously in the rearview mirror. She sees RICHIE run out of MRS. LATCH'S arms and into the road screaming desperately.
52) 0) text: Now LAURA is cruising on a Los Angeles freeway. For a moment, her higher speed and the freedom of the road gives the feeling that she has successfully escaped.
54) 0) text: LAURA drives intently. She is aimless, distressed. But then she looks to the side of the freeway where there is a sign for the Normandy Hotel. Impulsively, with no pre- planning, LAURA swings the car dangerously across lanes and takes it out along the slipway towards the hotel. 58 59 60 61 60.
56) 0) text: LAURA walks towards a huge wedding-cake hotel, a pseudo- Spanish '50s palace. She carries no luggage except her tapestry bag.
57) 0) text: LAURA has checked into the hotel and is now standing in the room she has reserved. It is featureless, anonymous -- green spreads and candy wallpaper. LAURA is dropping fifty cents into a HOTEL CLERK'S outstretched hand.
57) 3) dialog: Yes. No. Not to be disturbed. He goes out. LAURA is left alone. She looks around the room. There is a moment of silence, of relief. LAURA looks ‘round, not quite knowing what to do next. LAURA sits on the edge of the bed and opens her bag. She takes out the pale green toilet bag and unzips it. She takes the little rank of pill bottles out and sets them down on the bed cover. As she does so, she sees her copy of Mrs. Dalloway at the bottom of the tapestry bag.
58) 0) text: Now LAURA is stretched out reading on the bed, a pillow against her back. AS LAURA reads her book, the text is heard in VIRGINIA'S voice. (CONTINUED)
60) 0) text: Back in the (dry) bedroom, LAURA is lying on the bed, the pills still visible on the table beside her. She still has the book in front of her, but she is not reading it. She puts it to one side. Then she rubs her naked stomach again. Her eyes fill with tears.
60) 1) dialog: I can't! I can't!
77) 1) text: LAURA'S car draws up outside MRS. LATCH'S house. RICHIE has plainly heard her arrive, for when she looks to the window, RICHIE is already banging his hands against it and screaming:
77) 7) dialog: Oh, Mrs. Latch. I'm sorry I'm late. LAURA picks RICHIE up and he buries his face in her shoulder.
77) 8) dialog: Oh, now. Hey. Hey. Hey there, bug. What's wrong? What's wrong? MRS. LATCH smiles reassuringly.
77) 10) dialog: Come on, it wasn't that bad. It wasn't that bad, was it? RICHIE has buried himself in LAURA. MRS. LATCH nods at LAURA'S hair.
77) 12) dialog: Oh, yes. Yes. No problem.
77) 14) dialog: Thank you. They didn't have to do very much. LAURA smiles, embarrassed at the lie. (CONTINUED)
77) 18) dialog: Thank you. Very much.
78) 0) text: The two of them are driving side by side. LAURA has her eyes on the road. RICHIE is staring straight ahead, not looking at her. The car is moving noiselessly along suburban avenues. There is a long silence. They seem more like two adults than mother and child.
78) 1) dialog: So that wasn't too bad, was it? I wasn't gone long?
78) 3) dialog: That's right. At one point... I don't know... there was a moment when I thought I might be longer. But I changed my mind. RICHIE says nothing.
78) 4) dialog: Honey, what is it?
78) 6) dialog: I love you too, baby. There is a thoughtful look on RICHIE'S face.
78) 7) dialog: What's wrong? RICHIE looks at LAURA as if he knows where she has been.
78) 8) dialog: What? But still RICHIE says nothing, just goes on looking. (CONTINUED)
78) 11) dialog: Don't worry, honey. Everything's fine. We're going to have a wonderful party. We've made Daddy such a nice cake. RICHIE is still looking at her, watchful.
78) 12) dialog: I love you, sweetheart. You're my guy. RICHIE is seen from LAURA'S POINT OF VIEW, his little face flushed for a moment with pleasure. The SOUND FADES, and there is a SLOW DISSOLVE THROUGH TO:
79) 0) text: RICHARD'S face seen from the exact SAME POINT OF VIEW. The child has become the man. RICHARD is sitting in the near dark, a gleam of light catching the sweat on his forehead. He has not moved from his chair, nor has he dressed. He sits thinking back to the scene in the car. LAURA'S voice is heard in RICHARD'S head.
79) 1) dialog: I love you, sweetheart. You're my guy.
81) 0) text: Beside RICHARD, a photograph of his mother, LAURA, on her wedding day, eyes down. RICHARD looks at it, the extreme sweat of illness running down his face.
86) 0) text: The cake, now bright with lit candles on the dining room table. A great effort has been made for DAN'S birthday and the front room is bright with light and decoration. DAN blows out his-candles in one long go. RICHIE and LAURA watch from their seats at the table.
86) 3) dialog: Do you think so? Do you really think so?
86) 5) dialog: Well we were. Weren't we, bug? That's what we were doing. Working all day.
86) 9) dialog: Oh, Dan...
86) 11) dialog: Don't. LAURA seems embarrassed. DAN looks up at her, quiet but serious.
86) 15) dialog: Dan...
86) 21) dialog: Did you make a wish? DAN has taken one of the yellow roses from the cake, and, unaware, has been rolling it between his fingers, back and forth, back and forth. He is alone with his thoughts for a few moments, then he turns and looks blankly at LAURA. Then he nods.
91) 0) text: RICHIE is lying awake listening to the sound of his father in the next room calling to LAURA.
92) 0) text: LAURA is sitting, her head in her hands, on the closed toilet seat. She is in white pajamas, bent down in an attitude of abject despair, umable to move. After a few moments, DAN calls through from the bedroom.
92) 2) dialog: I'm brushing my teeth.
92) 4) dialog: Yes. In a minute.
92) 7) dialog: That's right. (CONTINUED)
92) 10) dialog: I'm terrified. wh DAN (0.S.) y? LAURA speaks quietly, not loud enough for DAN to hear.
92) 11) dialog: Oh, the idea she could disappear. DAN has not heard anything.
92) 13) dialog: I was going to. I was going to stop by. Co There is another short silence. LAURA is unable to mov
92) 16) dialog: I'm coming. But still LAURA stands, not moving. After a while, DAN speaks again.
92) 18) dialog: Yes. In the distance, you can hear a DOG BARKING. LAURA gets up and reaches for the pull-light over the mirror. The ane bathroom goes dark. She takes the steps which bring h co to the door which leads to the door which leads to the bedroom. LAURA stands in the door, the only light falling on her face. 95 96 91.
94) 0) text: CLARISSA is in the kitchen with SALLY and JULIA. Every surface is taken up with food for the party which never happened. CLARISSA has the crab dish in her hand and is emptying it sadly into the bin. She is still in the coat she was wearing all afternoon. As she dumps the wasted food, she hears a RING at the DOOR. CLARISSA goes to the apartment door and opens it. LAURA BROWN is standing directly opposite. She is now in her early 80s, slightly stooped with steel-gray hair and parchment skin. She is wearing a dark, floral dress and coat. CLARISSA is taken aback for a moment. (CONTINUED)
94) 4) dialog: Yes. I'm Richard's mother.
94) 9) dialog: I was lucky. I got the last plane from Toronto. In the kitchen, unheard, unseen, JULIA watches, then speaks quietly to SALLY.
94) 12) dialog: Yes. He had it. But we didn't speak often. (CONTINUED)
94) 15) dialog: It's a terrible thing, Miss Vaughan, to outlive your whole family.
94) 17) dialog: Yes. He died of cancer. Quite young. And Richard's sister is dead. LAURA looks at her a moment.
94) 18) dialog: Obviously you feel unworthy. It gives you feelings of unworthiness. You survive and they don't. CLARISSA waits a second before speaking.
94) 20) dialog: Yes. I read them. I also read the novel. You see, people say that the novel is difficult...
94) 22) dialog: They say that.
94) 24) dialog: He had me die in the novel. I know why he did that. It hurt, of course. I can't pretend it didn't hurt, but I know why he did it.
94) 30) dialog: I left both my children. I abandoned them. They say it's the worst thing a mother can do. Neither of them move. The room is silent now.
94) 31) dialog: You have a daughter?
94) 33) dialog: You so wanted a child?
94) 35) dialog: You're a very lucky woman. CLARISSA looks down. There's a
94) 36) dialog: There are times when you don't belong and you think you're going to kill yourself. Once I went to a hotel. That night... later that night, I made a plan. Plan was, I would leave my family when my second child was born. And that's what I did. Got up one morning, made breakfast, went to the bus stop, got on a bus. I'd left a note. moment's silence.
94) 37) dialog: I got a job in a library in Canada. It would be wonderful to say you regretted it. It would be easy. But what does it mean? What does it mean to regret when you have no choice? It's what you can bear. There it is. No one is going to forgive me. LAURA looks at CLARISSA, steady, unapologetic.
94) 38) dialog: It was death. I chose life. 97 98 99 95.
97) 0) text: LAURA is unpacking her suitcase on the bed in Julia's room. It has only a few things which she has hurriedly put in for the trip. She looks frail and alone. There is a KNOCK on the door and JULIA comes in with a cup and saucer.
97) 2) dialog: That's very kind, dear. I feel I'm stealing your room. JULIA has put the tea down beside the bed.
97) 4) dialog: Well, I will. You have somewhere?
97) 8) dialog: I'm sorry. Instinctively JULIA moves towards her and puts her arms round her. The 18-year-old and the 80-year-old embrace. LAURA stands a moment, astonished at her warmth. Then JULIA moves away.
97) 9) dialog: Good night, sweetheart.