2) 0) text: LEONARD WOOLF is coming in from the garden on the other side of the house. At this point, he is 61. He has muddy corduroys and a pullover, the very picture of the aging intellectual -- austere, ascetic with a fine forehead and glasses. He comes distractedly into a small hallway at the back of the house and starts taking off his Wellington boots, unaware of anything wrong.
3) 0) text: Two blue envelopes are propped up on the mantelpiece. In handwriting, the single word "Leonard" is on one; the single word "Vanessa" is on the other. LEONARD'S hand reaches to lift his envelope, leaving the other where it is. He stands, fearful. The sitting room of the house is bohemian, casual, artistic, attractive. A YOUNG MAID comes into the room, unaware of the drama that is about to unfold.
3) 3) dialog: Not quite. Not just at the moment. The MAID goes out. LEONARD, still in his gardening clothes, is tense as he opens the envelope. He unfolds two blue pages. VIRGINIA WOOLF'S voice is hard as she reads the letter.
4) 0) text: LEONARD runs back down to pull on his Wellington boots, then runs out of the back room. He comes out of the house and moves rapidly down the lawn. Terrified, he begins to run as the river comes in sight. Meanwhile:
7) 0) text: LEONARD WOOLF opens the door of the house and goes into the hall, which is lined with paintings. He puts down the packages and paper and looks up in time to see a man in his 60s, obviously a DOCTOR -- he carries a doctor's bag and is in a dark coat -- coming down the stairs, heading to have a word with him.
7) 1) dialog: Ah, Doctor. Good morning.
7) 3) dialog: Mmm. Friday then?
9) 0) text: The vase of cornflowers is seen to be on a table in the open hall of Hogarth House. LEONARD WOOLF is sitting eating toast, drinking coffee, and already proof-reading a manuscript. He looks up at the sound of VIRGINIA appearing from upstairs.
9) 2) dialog: Good morning, Virginia. How was your sleep? (CONTINUED)
9) 5) dialog: The headaches?
9) 7) dialog: The doctor seemed pleased. VIRGINIA helps herself to tea from the table and nods at the mail.
9) 9) dialog: Yes. This young man has submitted his manuscript. I've found three errors of fact and two spelling mistakes and I'm not yet on page four. LEONARD is watching her all the time and sees that she is not planning to sit down.
9) 10) dialog: Have you had breakfast?
9) 12) dialog: Liar. LEONARD'S tone is casual. He has the quiet, tactful manner of a good nurse.
9) 13) dialog: Virginia, it is not my insistence. It's the wish of your doctors. VIRGINIA just looks at him, not answering.
9) 14) dialog: I'm going to send Nelly up with a bun and some fruit. Again, VIRGINIA looks at LEONARD, disobediently. (CONTINUED)
9) 17) dialog: Very well, then. Lunch. A proper lunch. Husband and wife sitting down to soup, pudding and all. By force, if necessary.
9) 19) dialog: Work, then. But then you must eat.
30) 0) text: VIRGINIA descends the stairs to the print room. The room is overflowing with manuscripts. In the middle of the untidiness, LEONARD sits with a scowl, scrutinizing proofs. Beside him, a handsome young man, RALPH PARTRIDGE, is working at the inky hand-operated printing press.
30) 5) dialog: We shall publish no more new authors. I have to tell you I have discovered ten errors in the first proof.
30) 7) dialog: ‘Paschendale was a charnel-house from which no min returned.' Do you think it is possible that bad writing actually attracts a higher incidence of error? VIRGINIA is smiling.
30) 9) dialog: Not far?
30) 11) dialog: Go then. If I could walk mid- morning, I'd be a very happy man. VIRGINIA pauses a moment at the barb, then goes. RALPH watches.
36) 0) text: In the printing room, RALPH and LEONARD are reading proofs silently. LOTTIE appears at the door.
36) 4) dialog: Mrs. Bell? LEONARD looks up in exasperation, as if this were typical.
36) 5) dialog: Not due till four.
70) 0) text: VIRGINIA in her coat hurrying out, trying to make sure she is not noticed. She moves quickly through the garden. In the distance, LEONARD is digging at the edge of the garden. But his back is turned and he does not notice her. She hastens towards the gate, and out into the road outside.
72) 0) text: In a presentiment of what will happen again in 18 years’ time LEONARD WOOLF comes in from the garden. It's a different house and a different hallway, but the action is the same. LEONARD sits to put on his slippers, hearing the sounds of the house. Then, as if noticing something, frowns.
73) 0) text: LEONARD appears at the kitchen door. NELLY is standing behind her stew.
73) 1) dialog: Ah, Nelly, good evening. I was wondering if you'd seen Mrs. Woolf.
74) 0) text: LEONARD WOOLF, in blind panic, fleeing the house, not in a coat, just out into the garden, and away off down the road.
75) 0) text: A middle-aged man, LEONARD WOOLF, running in his slippers, vest and corduroy jacket, charging down the hill towards the town. 78 71.
76) 0) text: LEONARD comes down the steps towards the railway platform. He sees VIRGINIA sitting rather conspicuously by herself on a bench at the end of the platform. A train has just gone, so there is not another traveler in sight. The railway line stretches away to London, empty and quiet. VIRGINIA is trying not to be self-conscious, but she is tense. She turns.
76) 2) dialog: And perhaps you could tell me exactly what you think you're doing.
76) 4) dialog: I went to look for you and you weren't there. LEONARD moves towards her. VIRGINIA stays calm, resisting his panic.
76) 6) dialog: You disturb me when you disappear.
76) 8) dialog: A walk? Is that all? VIRGINIA doesn't answer.
76) 9) dialog: Is that all? Just a walk? They have neither of them moved. LEONARD is firm now.
76) 10) dialog: Virginia, Nelly is cooking dinner. She has already had a difficult day. We must go home. We must eat Nelly's dinner. It is our obligation to eat Nelly's dinner. (CONTINUED)
76) 15) dialog: Virginia, you have an obligation to your own sanity.
76) 17) dialog: Virginia...
76) 19) dialog: They know your interests.
76) 21) dialog: Virginia, it is hard... I can see it must be hard for a woman... for a woman of your...
76) 23) dialog: A woman of your gifts... (CONTINUED)
76) 31) dialog: You have a history...
76) 33) dialog: You came to Richmond with a history of confinement. Fits. Blackouts. Moods. Hearing voices. We brought you here to escape the irrevocable damage you intended to yourself. Twice you have tried to take your life by your own hand. VIRGINIA is watching him closely now, attending every word, still not giving way.
76) 34) dialog: I live daily with that threat. VIRGINIA looks at him, refusing to answer.
76) 35) dialog: I set up the press, we set up the printing press...
76) 37) dialog: Not for itself. Not purely as a thing in itself. But that you might find a ready occupation, a ready source of absorption and of remedy. (CONTINUED)
76) 41) dialog: It was done for you! It was done for your betterment! It was done out of love. If I did not know you better I would call this ingratitude.
76) 45) dialog: This is not you speaking, Virginia. This is an aspect of your illness.
76) 47) dialog: It is not your voice. It is only a voice you hear.
76) 51) dialog: If you were clear... if you were thinking clearly, you would remember: it was London which brought you low.
76) 53) dialog: We brought you to Richmond to give you peace. VIRGINIA takes a moment to summon all her lucidity.
76) 60) dialog: Very well. London, then. We shall go back to London. LEONARD bows his head, overwhelmed by the defeat of his strategy. There is a silence. VIRGINIA watches, full of feeling for him. Then, at the opposite platform the train from London arrives. From its doors, phalanxes of COMMUTERS in dark coats and hats get down onto the platform and head for the exit. LEONARD looks up, wiping away his tears.
76) 61) dialog: You must be hungry. I ama little hungry myself. VIRGINIA smiles. They look at each other, the issue at last resolved between them.
88) 0) text: In the drawing room, there are two pools of light from standard lamps. On opposite sides of the room LEONARD and VIRGINIA are sitting, a kind of truce between them after the events of the afternoon. They are both reading. VIRGINIA'S book is in her hand. She still has the London rail ticket, which she is using as a bookmark. She fingers the ticket, turning it over. After a few moments LEONARD looks up, as if something has occurred to him from a previous conversation.
88) 1) dialog: Why does someone have to die? VIRGINIA looks up and frowns. (CONTINUED)
88) 5) dialog: In your book?
88) 7) dialog: You said someone has to die. Why? LEONARD catches just a trace of VIRGINIA'S reaction.
88) 8) dialog: Is that a stupid question?
88) 10) dialog: I imagine my question is stupid.
88) 12) dialog: Well? VIRGINIA gives it thought before answering.
88) 15) dialog: And who will die?
88) 17) dialog: Tell me. VIRGINIA pauses, then gives him the gift of an answer.
93) 0) text: VIRGINIA is now sitting in her favorite chair with a writing board across her lap, notebook in hand. The light pools around her. She is not writing, just thinking. LEONARD appears in the doorway opposite. He says nothing.
93) 2) dialog: I was hoping you were going to bed.
93) 4) dialog: What then?