28) 2) dialog: Excuse me, Mrs. Woolf, Mr. Woolf said I was to come and speak to you.
29) 0) text: VIRGINIA is coming downstairs. She stops, standing with her back against the wall in the corridor outside the kitchen, preparing herself for the encounter ahead. From inside she can hear NELLY chattering freely with LOTTIE.
29) 1) dialog: What happens is, she says she wants something then it turns out she doesn’t...
29) 3) dialog: Especially when she's asked for it. That's a sure sign.
29) 5) dialog: Yeah, I wish you had, too. The two women laugh cheerfully. VIRGINIA summons up her courage.
29) 7) dialog: I said, 'Madam'... But before Nelly can finish, VIRGINIA has stepped into the open door and cut her off. NELLY is rolling out pastry and cutting huge chunks of raw lamb. Beside her, LOTTIE is working. She is in her teens, dressed identically to NELLY, and collusive, not missing a trick.
29) 9) dialog: It's about lunch.
29) 13) dialog: I just had to go ahead on my own.
29) 16) dialog: I chose a lamb pie.
29) 18) dialog: You being so busy with your writing. VIRGINIA does not respond. LOTTIE works on, impassive.
29) 19) dialog: I had no instructions. And I thought some of them yellow pears for pudding, unless you'd like something fancier.
29) 22) dialog: Yes, ma'am, I haven't forgotten.
29) 24) dialog: Ginger, madam? (CONTINUED)
29) 28) dialog: We'd have to go to London for ginger, ma'am I haven't finished this and there's the rest of the lunch to get ready. VIRGINIA steels herself, not rising to the bait.
29) 30) dialog: No.
69) 0) text: Beef being dumped down into a frying pan filled with onions and being vigorously stirred, a pan of beef bones bubbling next to it. NELLY and LOTTIE working together in the well-lit kitchen, a whole range of vegetables laid out on the chopping boards for supper. NELLY, who misses nothing, looks up from her cooking at the sound of someone coming downstairs. The kitchen door is open and gives onto the stairway. A figure moves quickly by, but NELLY sees. VIRGINIA is heading out in a long coat. LOTTIE has also looked up, the two of them noting VIRGINIA'S departure.
73) 0) text: LEONARD appears at the kitchen door. NELLY is standing behind her stew.
73) 2) dialog: I thought you knew, sir. Mrs. Woolf has gone out.