14) 0) text: A 5-year-old boy is watching as cereal is poured into a bowl. LAURA and DAN'S son, RICHIE, is sitting at the table as DAN prepares his breakfast. RICHIE is in pajamas, a sensitive little boy, his face unable to censor his shifting feelings. DAN is in shirt and tie, his jacket neatly hung on the back of a chair.
14) 2) dialog: Is Mommy getting up this morning?
14) 8) text: He'll eat it now that you're here. DAN gestures at RICHIE.
14) 31) dialog: That's what I'm doing. LAURA comes and sits at the table. RICHIE watches her, expectant. (CONTINUED)
14) 36) dialog: Mommie, can I help?
14) 38) dialog: Can I help make the cake? LAURA frowns a second, as if regretting her son's eagerness.
32) 0) text: LAURA is still in her dressing gown, but now with an apron tied over it. She is sitting frowning at a recipe book on the surface in front of her. Beside her she has assembled all the elements of cake-making -- eggs, tins, sugar and a series of pale blue bowls. But the endeavor is stalled. RICHIE is standing beside her, waiting patiently.
32) 2) dialog: You grease the pan, Mommy.
32) 5) dialog: Can I do it, Mommy?
32) 11) dialog: I'd like to.
32) 15) dialog: Mommy, it isn't that difficult.
32) 17) dialog: Because it's his birthday.
32) 19) dialog: Otherwise he won't know we love him? LAURA looks at her son a moment.
34) 2) dialog: Mommy! Mommy! There's someone at the door.
41) 0) text: RICHIE is sitting by himself playing on the carpet with his toys. He looks up, missing nothing, as LAURA comes out of the bedroom. She smiles absently at him, and walks across the living room to pick up the tapestry bag which is lying on a chair. She takes it with her and goes into the bathroom. 45 46 47 48.
43) 0) text: LAURA comes out of the bedroom with the tapestry bag. RICHIE looks up again, trying to puzzle out where she has been. LAURA heads straight for the kitchen, where she puts the bag on a high surface, out of the child's reach. LAURA reaches once more for the flour and eggs.
43) 2) dialog: What happened to the first one? LAURA smiles at him as if everything were completely normal.
49) 0) text: The tapestry bag lands with a wham! on the back seat of the car. LAURA then bundles a rather surprised-looking RICHIE into the passenger seat. Then LAURA goes 'round and gets in the driver's side. (CONTINUED)
49) 4) dialog: Mommy, I don't want to go.
50) 0) text: A cute suburban house with plaster squirrels on the gable over the garage. MRS. LATCH, a big, florid woman in Bermuda shorts, opens the door. RICHIE is holding LAURA'S hand, and looking very reluctant to go into the house.
50) 3) dialog: Mommy, I don't want to do this.
51) 0) text: LAURA is beginning to drive away down the road. She looks nervously in the rearview mirror. She sees RICHIE run out of MRS. LATCH'S arms and into the road screaming desperately.
51) 1) dialog: Mommy! Mommy! No! LAURA swings the wheel decisively to the left and with a little SQUEAL of RUBBER, accelerates away. RICHIE stands alone in the middle of the street.
53) 0) text: Back in the living room of Mrs. Latch's house, RICHIE moodily gets out a building set and begins building a small house. MRS. LATCH watches from the doorway.
55) 0) text: RICHIE has finished the little house. Now he picks up the complete building and tumbles it bad-temperedly back into the box.
77) 1) text: LAURA'S car draws up outside MRS. LATCH'S house. RICHIE has plainly heard her arrive, for when she looks to the window, RICHIE is already banging his hands against it and screaming:
77) 2) dialog: Mommy! Mommy! (CONTINUED)
77) 5) dialog: It's Mommy! MRS. LATCH follows.
78) 0) text: The two of them are driving side by side. LAURA has her eyes on the road. RICHIE is staring straight ahead, not looking at her. The car is moving noiselessly along suburban avenues. There is a long silence. They seem more like two adults than mother and child.
78) 2) dialog: No, you weren't long.
78) 5) dialog: Mommy, I love you. There is a moment's pause.
86) 0) text: The cake, now bright with lit candles on the dining room table. A great effort has been made for DAN'S birthday and the front room is bright with light and decoration. DAN blows out his-candles in one long go. RICHIE and LAURA watch from their seats at the table.
86) 1) dialog: Happy Birthday! Happy Birthday, Dan! They all laugh.
89) 0) text: RICHIE, the poet, the visionary, lying in the bed ina little room painted with stars. It is decorated with pictures of rockets and imaginary astronauts. His face is alert on the pillow.
91) 0) text: RICHIE is lying awake listening to the sound of his father in the next room calling to LAURA.