12) 0) text: CLARISSA is standing in the middle of the living room, frowning, as if wondering what she should do. Then she calls out to SALLY, unseen in the other room.
13) 0) text: SALLY, still lying in bed, blearily reacts to what she has heard.
13) 1) dialog: What? What flowers? And then she remembers what day it is. SALLY starts to get out of bed.
13) 2) dialog: Oh shit, I'd forgotten... SALLY falls back on the bed.
15) 0) text: SALLY appears from the bedroom and looks down to the living room where she sees CLARISSA can be heard on the phone. SALLY is pulling on her jeans. The whole apartment is submerged in books -- bound proofs, hardbacks and manuscripts.
15) 5) dialog: My God, what if nobody comes? I suppose we can live for a month off crustaceans. SALLY comes back into the room with her coffee and watches CLARISSA, who is still working her charm on the phone. SALLY mimics her, wordlessly.
33) 0) text: CLARISSA is sitting immobilized in the second bedroom. The room is stacked with spare furniture which has been cleared away to make room for the party. CLARISSA has sat down on a hard chair, still trying to recover from her earlier encounter with RICHARD. Through the front door, full of cheerfulness, comes SALLY, carrying armfuls of dry cleaning and a load of Balducci bags.
33) 1) dialog: I got all the stuff. My God, what a zoo. Why do people have to talk about dry cleaning? I mean what is there to talk about? SALLY has gone straight through to their own bedroom to put the dry cleaning down on the bed. Now SALLY has come out into the corridor and is heading with the shopping bags towards the kitchen.
33) 2) dialog: I bought you some flowers. SALLY sees she has been pre-empted by the abundant flowers CLARISSA has already brought home. She throws her own offering down beside them.
33) 3) dialog: Where are you?
33) 5) dialog: I got somebody to cover for me at work. I'll be with you all night. SALLY opens the fridge door and starts putting oranges inside. She frowns slightly at the silence from CLARISSA.
33) 6) dialog: Are you all right?
33) 8) dialog: I guess you saw Richard. (CONTINUED)
33) 13) dialog: Well, of course. I bet he said, ‘Oh by the way, honey, d'you mind, can I skip the party? CLARISSA nods resignedly at SALLY'S prescience. In the other room, SALLY, still unloading oranges, nods in psychic response. SALLY, in
33) 14) dialog: Don't worry. Finally. He always shows up.
33) 16) dialog: In the end. What, Richard miss an award? A chance to talk about his work? I don't think so. He'll show up. perpetual motion, has now come upon the table- party plan, a mixture of names and circles, which is laid out on the table. SALLY has
33) 17) dialog: You did the seating?
33) 19) dialog: I don't believe it. Louis Waters. Richard's Louis? Is he coming?
33) 21) dialog: You put me next to him. Why do I always get to sit next to the ex's? Is this a hint, sweetheart? Anyway, shouldn't ex's have a table of their own? Where they can all ex together. In exquisite agony. appeared at the jamb of the second bedroom. CLARISSA looks up. (CONTINUED)
33) 24) dialog: I'm off. Try not to pass out from excitement. Clarissa, it's going to be beautiful.
33) 26) dialog: No problem. SALLY turns and goes out. CLARISSA is alone. The apartment is silent.
87) 0) text: CLARISSA is seen through the glass panel in a door waiting at the morgue. She is standing in distress, shaken by the events of the afternoon. Then SALLY arrives at the door, led into the morgue by an ORDERLY. She stops a moment to look through the door. Now, full of feeling, she opens the door to join CLARISSA. CLARISSA looks across.
94) 0) text: CLARISSA is in the kitchen with SALLY and JULIA. Every surface is taken up with food for the party which never happened. CLARISSA has the crab dish in her hand and is emptying it sadly into the bin. She is still in the coat she was wearing all afternoon. As she dumps the wasted food, she hears a RING at the DOOR. CLARISSA goes to the apartment door and opens it. LAURA BROWN is standing directly opposite. She is now in her early 80s, slightly stooped with steel-gray hair and parchment skin. She is wearing a dark, floral dress and coat. CLARISSA is taken aback for a moment. (CONTINUED)
95) 0) text: CLARISSA comes out of the sitting room down the hall of the apartment and quietly goes into their bedroom, still wearing her dark coat. SALLY is in the kitchen with JULIA and now look up at the sight of CLARISSA. She gets up and follows CLARISSA into the bedroom.
96) 0) text: SALLY comes into the room to find CLARISSA sitting on the side of the bed in her coat. The two women look at each other.
96) 1) dialog: You need to take your coat off. SALLY comes round and gestures to CLARISSA to stand up. SALLY puts her hands on CLARISSA'S shoulders to help her take off the coat. As she does, CLARISSA turns and looks at SALLY, the two of them overcome. The two women look warmly at each other, then they kiss.