11) 3) dialog: Sina! (CONTINUED)
11) 6) dialog: Time out, brutha. Semo moves to sit up, leans on Alipati for support. Their heads touch and they share each other’s breath, bef Semo nods and manages to sit up. Jake watches this exchan of trust, astonished — he’s never seen a tattooing experi shared so powerfully. Sina watches as Jake takes this all in, enjoying the impression the display is making.
11) 8) dialog: You looking for him, you got the wrong tent. (CONTINUED)
11) 12) dialog: You get the pe’a, you don’t gotta prove nothing to anyone, ever again.
11) 14) dialog: Samoan tatau, outta Auckland.
11) 16) dialog: (scoffs) You mean like ‘Tattoos for Protection and Wellbeing’? Jake grins, good-natured but nevertheless defensive.
11) 20) dialog: This ain’t just a living. You get the pe’a to honour the spirits of your tupuaga, who wore it before you. You get it to honour your father. And your father’s father.
11) 22) dialog: The pain of the tatau, it changes you. You breathe into it, accept it, learn from it. Only then can you find a way through. Alipati’s hand snaps out and grabs Jake’s wrist, turns it over to reveal the livid scar on Jake’s inner arm. Alipat nods, as though the scar confirms his suspicions about Ja ALIPATI (CONT’D) You know what I’m talking about. You seen pain. Only, you ain’t found a way through yours, eh? These words strike Jake, seem to sink in ... then defensiveness kicks in. He tries to pull away.
11) 24) dialog: That ain’t all you’re looking for. (beat) Sometimes it’s right in front of your eyes, brutha. You just gotta open them. Jake yanks his arm from Alipati’s grip, eyes blazing with anger. Alipati smirks and turns away, as if unsurprised b Jake's reaction. Jake turns to leave, fuming. (CONTINUED)
13) 18) dialog: (distant, distorted) You seen pain. Only, you ain’t found a way through yours ... The movement of the tattooing tools becomes frenzied. A f clenches in pain ... blood flows ... TAP-TAP-TAP! The lin of pe’a are black, vivid — graphic patterns wrap around t curve of a body in extreme close up — ALIPATI (0.S.) (CONT’D) (distant, distorted) Sometimes it’s right in front of your eyes, brutha. You just gotta —
23) 11) dialog: Every expo, there’s some palagi wants to be down with the brown. He gets to his feet as Jake steps nervously to the entran of the stall, a tattooing tool in his hand. He glares at Sina. She shrugs. (CONTINUED)
23) 15) dialog: You came all the way to Otara to apologise? Those suckers must pay you heaps. Jake looks around nervously.
23) 17) dialog: That what you thought I meant?
23) 19) dialog: I told you, tatau is about more than a living. It don’t start here — (holds up the tool, then taps his chest) It starts here.
23) 21) dialog: It ain’t skills you need, brother. Alipati turns away.
23) 23) dialog: Not from what I can see. Jake watches Alipati, helpless. He sighs and turns away. Sina watches as Jake disappears into the market crowd. (CONTINUED)
23) 26) dialog: (to Sina) You should know better, bringing him here.
23) 28) text: about him, Ali. others. He’s not like the Alipati looks at her sharply.
23) 29) dialog: You want to go down that road, Sina? Your uncle ain’t gonna like it, that’s for sure ... Sina nods — he’s got that right. ALIPATI (CONT’D) --. and neither do I. Sina meets his gaze ... then runs to catch up with Jake. Alipati watches after her, concerned.
44) 16) dialog: Faalele lau pe'a! Semo grins, looks skyward and roars a SAMOAN WARRIOR'S CHALLENGE. Opeta grins and hugs him. The onlookers clap a cheer, shaking his hand, handing him gifts — food, envelo traditional Samoan mats.
44) 32) dialog: I see you made your choice. Sina meets his eyes. His gaze is cold, disapproving.
68) 3) dialog: What you want this time? Singing lessons? Jake opens his hand, shows Alipati the tool. Alipati’s ey widen as he takes it. ALIPATI (CONT’D) You take anything else? Shirt off my back maybe? Or is that everything?
69) 14) dialog: I’ve worked for years to make people see tatau for what it is. Pride. Honour. A birthright for all Samoans. But there’s always people like you, come along and think they can take without asking —
69) 16) dialog: And I said no! (CONTINUED)
69) 20) dialog: What? Take him to Mickey D’s and buy him a Happy Meal? Jake faces up to Alipati, his fists balled. Then he backs down.
70) 4) dialog: This spirit’s doing this to people you tattoo, right? Jake nods. (CONTINUED)
70) 9) dialog: Maybe ... maybe not.
70) 11) dialog: This ain’t your lookout, brutha.
70) 13) dialog: That right? Then how come you still stumbling round in the dark? (beat) Now get out of my garage. EXT. ALIPATI’S GARAGE - NIGHT 107 SLAM! Alipati slams the door behind Jake. Frustrated, Jak kicks over a rubbish bin.
76) 39) dialog: (in Samoan) When you handed down your tools, what else did you pass to me?
77) 0) text: Mr Va’a turns from the window to where Alipati paces.
77) 1) dialog: (in Samoan) It’s always bad luck for them to get the pe’a alone! Alipati turns his back, head down as he gathers his thoug Immediately Va’a moves — lightning quick for a man of his size. He lifts a small table from beside his easy chair a smashes Alipati on the head. Alipati crumples. The song ends as the needle runs into the groove at the e of the 45 ... lifts ... and returns to the beginning. The song starts again. INT. SHED — NIGHT 132 The door scrapes open, sweeping a shaft of moonlight acro old flax mats and dirt floor, a rake and shovel. A dirty mirror leans against one wall. Jake lies Sina against the wall and kneels beside her. Sh fading fast. The tattoo is spreading up her neck now towa her face. He stands, looks around. On the wall, a familiar tapa clo faded with age but recognisable. Jake kneels, examines th flax mats, stained in patches.
78) 0) text: Head down, Mr Va’a drags Alipati across the garden by his hair.
80) 0) text: Alipati stirs. He picks himself up, groaning. Blood runs the side of his face. He shakes his head and gets unstead to his feet.
81) 0) text: Sina looks up as the spirit stands over her. His eyes bla with malice. Weakly, she crawls towards the shed door. Th Tattooist raises his hammer — TAP-TAP-CLANG! Sina cries o in agony. A shadow fills the doorway — Alipati. His eyes move from to the excavated grave.
81) 1) dialog: Sina? Sina holds something out to Alipati in a shaking hand.
85) 0) text: Alipati bangs on Mr Perenese’s door, out of breath. From inside, the sound of approaching footsteps. The door opens, and Mr Perenese stares out at Alipati.
87) 22) dialog: There’s another price he can pay.