20) 1) dialog: Son of a bitch. Jake turns to see CRASH (mid-30s), American, heavily-tatt and dressed in designer cool. (CONTINUED)
20) 4) dialog: You got some serious balls. Jake meets Crash’s glare. The murmur of conversation quel
20) 7) dialog: (to Canine) My first studio. Apple of my eye. This little fucker steals a design off my wall. Embarrassed silence. Jake returns Crash’s gaze, clearly guilty of this offence.
20) 8) dialog: Tattoos some South Central hip-hop who-the-fuck-is-this-guy, next thing I know they’re jerking each other off over my fucking design in a sidebar on page seventeen of Tattooist Magazine. Guilty again.
20) 9) dialog: Then he trashes my Porsche ... Jake frowns — eh?
20) 10) dialog: ... fucks my dog, steals my AmEx and spends up big at Saks Fifth Avenue. (starts to grin) Lingerie department. (beat) My mother’s size. Jake’s grinning now too. Crash opens his arms.
20) 11) dialog: C’mere. Jake hugs Crash. The onlookers laugh and return to work. 26 17.
21) 0) text: A TATTOOIST MAGAZINE image of a younger Jake mugging alongside a tattooed black man in a baseball cap and blin Jake and Crash sit on comfortable-looking couches in Cras impeccably-designed designer office, the magazine open on coffee table in front of them. Crash is on a roll.
21) 1) dialog: The Pacific, it’s the heartland of tattooing — the wellspring, the source. The word ‘tattoo’ ... they invented it, the Samoans, the Fijians, those guys. It’s the wellspring — I say that already? And that’s good for my brand value .-».- hell, I just traded in the Boxster for a Bentley. But it don’t make it any of your business.
21) 3) dialog: Cause it’s not in your blood. This guy Alipati — he’s hard-core, you know that, right? He ain’t just gonna hand generations of tradition down to some kid from Buttfuck, Minnesota who thinks he’s had some kind of epiphany. Jake looks away, frustrated. CRASH (CONT’D) Anyway, the old Jake wouldn’t have asked — he’d have just stolen the designs and made out like he’d been doing Samoan tattoos his whole life.
21) 5) dialog: I kind of liked him. Egocentric. Pissed off. Self-destructive ... (CONTINUED)
21) 9) dialog: You know, the only thing that sets one tattoo apart from another is the guy doing the work. Skill - that’s what matters. (beat) Come work for me again.
21) 11) dialog: Give me two days a week. I’1l throw in the company car.
21) 13) dialog: The Samoans ain’t gonna teach you shit, bet you anything you want.
29) 0) text: The sound of buzzing needles fills the air. Crash heads towards an empty workspace, the Tattooist Magazine in han Crash tears out the page with Jake on it and tapes it to mirror, then turns to Jake with a smile of triumph.
29) 2) dialog: There’s the book.
29) 4) dialog: Get to work. He points. Jake looks across to see LUKE, a Singaporean teenager (18), cool but nerdishly so. Nearby, a young Singaporean woman checks out the images o Bedlam’s work. This is VICTORIA (early 20s). She’s attrac and wearing what looks like a conservatively pretty dress Jake approaches Luke.
29) 30) dialog: What is this, a charity or a dating agency? (CONTINUED)
29) 47) dialog: All this colour, this expressiveness ...
29) 49) dialog: Get in touch with your inner mural artist on your own time. Crash walks away.
29) 51) dialog: Don’t bleed on my fucking merino seat covers. Alarmed, Jake notices that a trickle runs from the bandag his hand, black and thick like ink.
54) 0) text: Jake and Sina make love on the couch in Crash’s office, h new tattoo almost luminous in the glow of the dancing lig from the street.
61) 0) text: Jake crashes into his apartment. He slams the door behind and locks it. He picks up the phone and dials frantically, waits.
65) 0) text: Jake slips on the shiny floor, leaving inky footprints as runs away down the corridor. Dr Faleauto crashes through doors behind him, his whites sprayed with black.