1) 0) text: A luminous Pacific Island scene — palm trees, hula girls a crescent of golden sand that borders vibrant ocean, illustrated 1950s style. PULLING BACK to reveal a Pacific tapa cloth pattern borde a kitsch lamp-shade. Black Sambuca swirls into a shot glass on a shiny black b JAKE SAWYER, late 20s, handsome and haunted-looking, knoc the shot back and slams the glass down. IN A DARK CORNER OF THE BAR, Jake picks up a payphone receiver. His fingers hover over the buttons, reluctant t dial ... he hangs up. Jake picks up a leather bag from beside his bar stool. As reaches down, we see a long, pale scar on his forearm.
2) 0) text: The Mercedes pulls up outside an old property. The house reeks of both old money and new. Expansive grounds fall a into darkness beyond the haze of rain. Jake steps out of the car. Thunder rolls overhead as he l up at the house.
2) 1) text: The Chauffeur shows Jake into a marbled foyer. A staircas sweeps up into darkness. Jake shivers. A figure descends the stairs. MR LIM is silver haired and slight. He looks like he hasn’t slept in weeks. He extend hand.
2) 3) dialog: Jake Sawyer. Jake shakes Mr Lim’s hand. As he does, we see that the ba of Jake’s hand is covered with intricate tattoos.
3) 0) text: A well-appointed living room, mahogany and leather, pools shadow. Jake sits in an armchair, flipping through a worn looking leather journal. Mr Lim paces, wringing his hands
3) 2) dialog: (under his breath) Almost every night.
3) 4) dialog: This is what you need.
3) 7) dialog: (grins) Ed, you worry about your karma, let me worry about mine.
3) 9) dialog: (laying it on thick) And strictly forbidden. I’m taking a big risk giving this to him. Mr Lim hands Jake an envelope. Jake looks inside.
3) 11) dialog: Where is he?
4) 0) text: Mr Lim leads Jake up a long, shadowy hallway. Jake approa the door as if this creepy setting is all in a day’s work Lim opens the door.
5) 0) text: Jake steps into the room. Candles flicker, incense burns. walls and ceiling are scrawled with Chinese symbols. A YOUNG BOY (13) sits up on the bed. He looks flu-ridden miserable. Breath rattles as his scrawny chest rises and falls. Seeing the child, Jake looks taken aback — clearly this wasn’t what he expected. From behind him, the sound of rapid, CRUNCHING FOOTSTEPS. Jake turns —
6) 1) text: A slender teenager runs towards a dark house: YOUNG JAKE. Behind him, a dark treeline. Out of breath, he looks back afraid —
7) 0) text: Jake blinks. Mr Lim watches him from the doorway.
7) 1) dialog: You never said he was a kid. He looks back at the sick boy.
7) 2) dialog: Have you seen a doctor?
7) 4) dialog: If that’s the way you want to go.
7) 6) dialog: Hey, kid. I’m Jake. What’s your name? The boy watches him, wide-eyed, fearful. JAKE (CONT’D) (smiles) Strong and silent type, huh?
7) 10) dialog: Your Dad thinks it’s going to help you get better.
8) 0) text: Shivering with fear, Young Jake huddles against a cracked grimy mirror in a dark basement corner. Beside him an iro boiler roars and rattles ... TIC-TIC-TIC-TIC ... A DARK FIGURE looms, its reflection fragmented in the mir A BLADE flashes, slices SKIN, BLOOD wells — Young Jake SCREAMS —
9) 0) text: The scream seems to reverberate around the tight hallway Jake steps out of the bedroom, bag in hand. He looks back Beyond, Mr Lim kneels at his son’s bedside in prayer. Jak turns away and strides up the hall, his expression grim.
9) 5) dialog: Huh? His wiry Singaporean CUSTOMER looks up at him, nervous.
9) 7) dialog: You ever hear of a Dayak tribesman with carpal tunnel syndrome? Jake continues tattooing. Behind them, a sign above Jake’s stall reads MYSTICAL TAT FOR PROTECTION AND WELL-BEING. Posters show ethnic design and their promised effect: GOUT, RHEUMATISM, HEMORRHOIDS more. Ethnic tattooing tools decorate the walls, an attempt to the display some credibility.
9) 9) dialog: Nothing I can’t handle.
9) 12) dialog: (quietly) It was just a tattoo. (CONTINUED)
9) 16) dialog: (quietly) Listen, you believe in I Ching, Feng Shui or faery folk, that’s your business ... but next time your kid gets sick, you really want him to get better, take him to a doctor! Jake pushes past Lim and disappears into the crowd. Mr Li stares after Jake, trembling with rage.
10) 0) text: Jake glances back over his shoulder as he pushes through crowd. Mr Lim is still following him. Jake slips between booths — Ahead is a large tent. TAP-TAP-TAP! The sound emanates fr darkness. TAP-TAP-TAP! Jake ducks inside.
11) 0) text: Jake stands in the shadows of the tent entrance, watching crowd pass by. No sign of Mr Lim. Behind him, the TAP-TAP continues. A young woman, SINA, watches Jake from the shadows of the tent. She’s in her early 20s, beautiful, a red hibiscus flower behind her ear. Her eyes travel to the scar on his arm.
11) 2) dialog: I don’t know. Maybe.
11) 7) dialog: (impressed) Jesus. Alipati looks up, notices Jake.
11) 11) dialog: What about you?
11) 13) dialog: This is from the South Pacific, right?
11) 15) dialog: New Zealand? Jake looks around. A DISPLAY of ancient tattooing TOOLS, and wood bound with flax, is carefully arranged on a tapa cloth draped over a desk to one side. They look as though they haven’t been used for many years. Jake picks up a bone tool from the display at peers at it The points are needle-sharp. JAKE (CONT’D) Do they have any medicinal value? You know, protection, healing, that kind of thing?
11) 17) dialog: Hey, a man’s got to make a living. Alipati approaches Jake, his gaze intense. (CONTINUED)
11) 21) dialog: What if your father isn’t worth honouring? Alipati narrows his eyes, nods, as if Jake has just given away some crucial detail. Sina watches, interested. Jake takes a step back as Alipati leans in close, his voi soft, emphatic:
11) 23) dialog: I’m just looking for some styles to do.
12) 0) text: Outside the tent, Jake looks down — he still holds the bo and wood tool he was looking at before. With a last glance back towards the tent, he stuffs it in his pocket and strides away.
13) 0) text: Jake is back in his spot at the bar, a shot of Sambuca in front of him. Behind him, the post-convention crowd is a of leather, ink and pierced flesh under black-light and n Jake seems disconnected from the world, his expression distant as he toys absently with the tool he stole. Despi the crowd, he is alone. A heavily-tattooed middle-aged man leans over.
13) 2) dialog: You never know. Jake turns away ... to see Mr Lim pushing through the bar towards him. He looks for an exit, but he’s cornered. JAKE (CONT’D) Look, what do you want — a refund?
13) 4) dialog: Don’t talk to me about pain. (CONTINUED)
13) 8) dialog: He’s ... dead?
13) 10) dialog: (weakly) God, I’m sorry ...
13) 12) dialog: Go on, then ... do it. Lim’s anger seems to fade, leaving only pity for Jake.
14) 0) text: Jake opens his eyes. (CONTINUED)
15) 0) text: Booths are being dismantled and packed away. Jake appears a run. He reaches the spot where the Samoan tent was and stops, out of breath. The tent is gone. Jake looks down, to the Samoan tool hel his hand. Fading in, the roar of JET ENGINES ...
16) 0) text: A plane thunders towards the tarmac, landing gear impacti with a squeal. A fully tattooed Maori warrior looks down from a massive that reads: Haere mai ki te whenua o Aotearoa — Welcome t New Zealand. Jake looks up at the sign, impressed. Behind him, the bus of travellers arriving and departing. Jake heads for a li of waiting taxis.
17) 0) text: A TAXI DRIVER holds the boot of the car open for Jake to his bags. A swirling Moko design encircles one of his forearms. Jake pulls a LANGUAGES OF THE SOUTH PACIFIC phrasebook fr the pocket of his bag and looks up a word:
17) 1) dialog: Talofa.
18) 0) text: SLAM! The door closes behind Jake. He stands in an empty motel-style apartment. A short hallway leads towards the bedroom. Jake puts down his bags. Jake slides open the drawer of the bedside table, grabs t BIBLE that lies inside. He throws it in the trash. Jake shaves. Smart-casual clothes hit the bed. Jake butto his shirt. Jake picks up the Samoan tool from the kitchen benchtop. looks down at it, considering ... then puts the tool ina drawer and heads for the door.
19) 0) text: Elaborate signage announces BEDLAM in stylised, manga-sty script. Below, the entrance to what could only be one fuc cool tattoo studio. Jake looks up at the sign.
20) 0) text: Extensive mirrors create an illusion of depth. TATTOO ART laugh, joke, dance to Japanese punk. The blacks and greys the decor extend to the tattoos, which seem accomplished soulless, generic McTattoos for trendsetters. Jake looks around, impressed.
20) 5) dialog: Come on, Crash ... forgive and forget, huh? One of Crash’s tattooists, CANINE, approaches, concerned.
21) 0) text: A TATTOOIST MAGAZINE image of a younger Jake mugging alongside a tattooed black man in a baseball cap and blin Jake and Crash sit on comfortable-looking couches in Cras impeccably-designed designer office, the magazine open on coffee table in front of them. Crash is on a roll.
21) 2) dialog: Why not?
21) 4) dialog: (grins) Was the old Jake that much of an asshole?
21) 8) dialog: Should've been around when he went downhill.
21) 10) dialog: That’s not what I came here for, Crash.
21) 12) dialog: Crash —
21) 14) dialog: Can you get me his address or not?
22) 0) text: Jake gets into the back of another taxi. A SAMOAN DRIVER behind the wheel.
22) 1) dialog: Kia ora.
22) 3) dialog: Huh?
22) 5) dialog: Otara. (CONTINUED)
23) 0) text: Jake heads through the dense throng of the market. He loo around, lost, then glimpses — A red flower. A few metres away, Sina talks to an OLD SAM WOMAN at a fruit stall, the red flower in her hair. Jake watches, mesmerised, as she laughs and hugs the woman, th walks away. Jake follows. Passersby jostle him as he pushes against t flow of the crowd. Jake darts between stalls into another identical row. He spins, trying to get his bearings. The bustling maze of the market closes in on him, trinkets clothes and fruit stalls ...
23) 4) dialog: I was.
23) 6) dialog: Actually, I was looking for you.
23) 8) dialog: Your friends, I mean ... you and your friends.
23) 14) dialog: That stuff I said, I —
23) 16) dialog: You said what I was looking for was right in front of me ... I didn’t understand. But I do now, and all that other bullshit, it’s finished. I want something real ... I want you to teach me.
23) 18) dialog: Ever since Singapore, I’ve been thinking about it ... dreaming about it ...
23) 20) dialog: I know. I’m ready.
23) 22) dialog: But I’ve come a long way!
24) 0) text: Jake and Sina walk side by side through suburban streets.
24) 2) dialog: Or what was.
24) 4) dialog: From what?
24) 6) dialog: What’s she doing?
24) 8) dialog: Are you serious?
24) 10) dialog: And you believe all that stuff?
24) 12) dialog: Best of both worlds, huh?
24) 14) dialog: I’ve done things I’m not proud of. And meeting you guys ... it felt like — (CONTINUED)
24) 18) dialog: That’s not what I — She takes his hand, runs her fingertips across his scar.
24) 20) dialog: Talk to Alipati for me?
24) 22) dialog: I don’t want to take it away from him. It’s his art, and I respect that. All I want to do is watch, and learn.
25) 0) text: TAP-TAP-TAP. Jake approaches the shed and cups his hand against a dark window. The sound emanates from the darkne inside. The sound of a car pulling up. Headlights sweep across th lawn. Jake looks around — where to run? A car door SLAMS. CRUNCH ... CRUNCH ... CRUNCH ... the he tread of a man coming up the path towards the house. Jake backs slowly around the side of the shed. A MACHETE leans against the shed wall. Jake kicks it over. The blad clatters against the corrugated iron. Jake freezes. A dark shape on the path — a huge man, his head cocked, massive hands hanging by his sides. He strides towards th shed and pushes the door open. MR VA‘A stands in the shed doorway and peers into the darkness. He wears a faitaga and churchgoing jacket, with silver crucifix around his neck. Mere inches away, Jake cowers against the shed wall. Mr Va‘a closes the door behind him and heads into the hou The door SLAMS behind him. Jake sighs with relief. PAT-PAT. PAT. Jake looks down ... droplets of fresh blood the grass. The wound on his palm is bleeding. TAP-TAP-TAP! The tattooing sound again, from inside. Jake peers through the window ... INT. SHED - NIGHT — DREAM 35 The darkness through the shed window becomes a tunnel, di candlelight in the distance. A man lies face-down on flax mats, moaning softly. A silhouette crouches over him, bony hands working tattooin tools: TAP-TAP-TAP! (CONTINUED)
26) 0) text: Jake sits up in bed, breathing hard. Lights from the stre dance through the shadows. He opens his hand ... to find Sina’s red hibiscus flower, crushed against dried blood o his palm.
27) 0) text: A small bathroom with a large mirror. Behind Jake, a show alcove with a frosted glass door. He bandages his hand, t fills a glass with water.
28) 0) text: The first pale rays of dawn creep into the bedroom. A MURMURING UNDERCURRENT of the dream’s cacophony. Jake s on the bed, deep in thought, his gaze fixed on — The red hibiscus, its stem resting in the glass of water, the bedside table. As the dawn creeps towards it, its pet begin to revive. 39 27.
29) 0) text: The sound of buzzing needles fills the air. Crash heads towards an empty workspace, the Tattooist Magazine in han Crash tears out the page with Jake on it and tapes it to mirror, then turns to Jake with a smile of triumph.
29) 1) dialog: Crash, take that down ...
29) 3) dialog: No original designs?
29) 5) dialog: Hey, I’m Jake. Victoria turns, holds out her hand.
29) 8) dialog: Which one of you guys ...
29) 12) dialog: (uncomfortable) Okay. Luke holds out the Bedlam design book, open to a page. Ja glances at it, then takes the book and closes it.
29) 14) dialog: (quietly) You want something cool or not? Luke grins.
29) 15) dialog: This is gonna hurt. You man enough?
29) 17) dialog: Then I guess you got nothing to worry about. Jake smiles at Victoria. She smiles back, clearly infatua Jake's needle begins to BUZZ ... an outline emerges, geometric shapes ... then deep blocks of colour, richly shaded. Victoria watches Jake intently. His eyes flick to her, conscious of her attention, acknowledging it. Busted, Victoria looks away. Finally, Jake snaps off his rubber gloves. He steps back admire the finished design. It’s discreet but stunning, a to the Bedlam aesthetic but something more, with colour t gives the image a bold luminosity. Luke turns his shoulder towards the mirror and smiles.
29) 19) dialog: Singapore.
29) 23) dialog: Avoiding questions. Use moisturiser every day, keep it out of the sun and try not to get it wet, okay? Luke takes out his wallet. Jake shakes his head.
29) 24) dialog: On the house — birthday present.
29) 26) dialog: Get outta here before Crash changes my mind. Luke gets off the chair, reaches into his jacket and hand Jake a folded piece of paper.
29) 29) dialog: I got plans Friday. Victoria shrugs — suit yourself — and leaves with Luke, turning before they reach the door to look back at Jake o last time. Crash appears.
29) 33) dialog: You gonna take the picture down or not?
29) 39) dialog: Excuse me?
29) 43) dialog: Right. Sawyer, Jake. I'11 be your tattoo artist this afternoon. Jake eyes Ivan’s weathered skin, an encyclopedia of class tattoo designs.
29) 44) dialog: If I can some find room on here ..?
29) 48) dialog: You like it?
29) 50) dialog: Hey Crash, about that car — A jingle of airborne keys. Jake catches them.
30) 0) text: An immaculate bathroom out the back of the studio. At the basin, Jake pulls away the bandage. Black ink mixes with water and swirls away down the drain. (CONTINUED)
31) 0) text: A grimy back-alley behind Bedlam Tattoo Studio. Jake star car keys in hand.
31) 1) dialog: Oh, man ... THE COMPANY CAR is just that: a late-model Japanese impor covered with Bedlam-style tattoo designs — a mobile billb for Bedlam, and seriously uncool.
31) 3) dialog: Nineteen ... twenty-one ... Jake slows the car. JAKE (CONT’D) Twenty-three ... Jesus. Jake looks aghast. It’s a church. INT. CHURCH/ARCHIVE — DAY 43 Storage shelves loom, stacked with boxes and piles of pap Barely organised chaos. OSONE (10) wears cool street clothes, at odds with the de behind his eyes. He fishes a faded photo from a box full old pictures. He studies the faces. He seems both intent the image and distant, as though focussing beyond it.
31) 10) dialog: Bugger.
31) 12) dialog: Hey. Osone edges out of the room, as if he’s trying to stay as away from Jake as he can while he does it. Jake shrugs an flips through the pictures: family group shots, people in churchgoing attire and ceremonial dress.
31) 13) dialog: So this is what you do when you're not giving scalp massages.
31) 15) dialog: Looks like you’re the one doing all the work.
31) 20) dialog: Sure. INT. CHURCH HALLWAY — DAY 44 Sina leads Jake down a hallway towards the church foyer. looks uncomfortable.
31) 22) dialog: If I’d known I was going to church, I'd have worn something less comfortable. Jake pauses, looking through the main doors to the church Glass panels offer a view of the pews and the altar beyon Mr Va'a stands in the aisle, talking with an elderly MINISTER. JAKE (CONT’D) Your uncle, huh?
31) 24) dialog: Not really. A middle-aged PARISHIONER approaches Mr Va’a and the Minister. Mr Va’a takes her hands warmly and smiles. She beams at him.
31) 26) dialog: They’re dead. (CONTINUED)
32) 0) text: Ragged graffiti has been sprayed across an unpainted wood fence, several of its boards smashed in. A car sits rusti and abandoned in a concrete driveway, weeds growing throu the cracks. Nearby, a letterbox lies on its side. Beyond is a weathered state house, its curtains drawn, it welcome cold. It’s as though someone sucked all the colou out of this corner of Otara. An unseen dog WHINES mournfu an eerie soundtrack to this grim landscape. Jake follows Sina from his car up towards the front door. Sina knocks. The door opens a crack to reveal suspicious eyes.
33) 2) dialog: How you doing? Jake smiles and extends a hand. Mr Perenese takes it for second, barely making eye contact.
34) 0) text: Jake steps into the kitchen as the roach scuttles away. A chipped formica table and windows cracked and stained. A simple wooden crucifix hangs on the wall.
35) 0) text: Unnerved, Jake steps back out into the hallway. From the living room, the sound of muffled voices. Jake catches si of something in a room off the hallway: a portrait photo young woman on a shelf above a neatly-made bed. Jake pushes the door open further ... A second portrait, also of a young woman, is revealed. Th another ... and another. Jake pushes the door open furthe A middle-aged Samoan woman, MRS PERENESE, sits in a chair front of a dresser, her lined face reflected in a large, round mirror. She pulls a brush slowly through her long, greying hair. Her eyes swivel to look at Jake in the mirr
35) 1) dialog: Excuse me, I didn’t mean to ... She regards him with her unblinking stare, eyes empty wit sadness.
36) 5) dialog: I’m a tattoo artist.
36) 10) dialog: I thought a pe’a was something to be proud of.
36) 12) dialog: And what, he just accepted that?
36) 14) dialog: Maybe they deserved it. A kid doesn’t run away unless there’s something he’s running away from. Sina watches him, sensing his pain. (CONTINUED)
36) 18) dialog: So, you talk to Alipati?
36) 20) dialog: Tell him he can name his price.
36) 22) dialog: Tell him whatever he wants to teach me, I‘’1ll pay it.
36) 25) dialog: Are you okay? I didn’t even —
36) 29) dialog: Who?
36) 31) dialog: There’s no one there.
37) 0) text: Jake steps up to the bathroom door. Inside, someone splas in the shower. He hesitates a moment, then pushes the doo open. Victoria’s head is visible above the shower door, the res her body obscured. She YELPS in surprise.
37) 1) dialog: Shit! Jake ducks back outside. He leans against the wall. The w is shut off. Jake peers around the edge of the door. Victoria is dryin herself. (CONTINUED)
37) 4) dialog: You always take a shower after you sneak into someone's place? Victoria emerges from the bathroom. She’s wearing vinyl pants, boots, a tiny top that reveals every tattoo — she looks ready to enter the matrix. Jake stares.
37) 6) dialog: Where?
37) 9) dialog: I thought they’d be flattered I wanted to learn from them.
37) 11) dialog: I guess I was doing okay before I came here. I was travelling the world. Making money ... Victoria puts her glass down and straddles him, stroking chest. (CONTINUED)
38) 0) text: Jake's notebook, open on the bed to a sketch of a tribal design. A needle BUZZES. A line of tears runs from the co of Victoria’s eye towards her hair ... a soft MOAN escape her.
38) 3) dialog: Ancient Chinese cure for breaking and entering. She hits him playfully. He pulls her close.
38) 4) dialog: Who cares what it means? She kisses him but pulls away, having second thoughts.
38) 6) dialog: Nothing. Let’s get out of here.
39) 8) dialog: What’s up, man? Enjoying your birthday present —
40) 0) text: Jake strides down the path towards his car. Victoria foll him.
40) 2) dialog: Were all those tats freebies, huh?
42) 0) text: Jake glares at Victoria.
42) 2) dialog: That used to be me, Victoria ...
43) 0) text: Aunt Suzy SHRIEKS suddenly and pulls away from Luke’s bod horrified — Victoria follows her gaze, gasps in horror — Under Luke’s wet shirt, vivid lines of black spider acros his chest. Samoan tatau! We move in towards the ragged li and shapes. 63 64 65 66 46. INT. JAKE’S BATHROOM - NIGHT 63 The sound of running water. Jake winces as he peels off t bandage. Blood and ink patter into the basin from his suppurating wound. He stares at his hollow-eyed reflection in the mirror, th looks down. For a moment, the inky water leaves spidery, geometric li of black on the white porcelain — the pattern of the pe’a before it’s washed away. Jake frowns ... did I just see t INT. JAKE’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 64 Jake falls back onto the bed, the hibiscus flower in his hand. Streetlights parade across the ceiling, merging and shift forming geometric shapes of light and shadow. Jake closes his eyes. The horns, booming subwoofers and h of the street give way to the TIC-TIC-TIC-TIC of the boil ... the TAP-TAP-TAP of tatau.
44) 0) text: THUNK! The blade of a machete misses a log of wood and is embedded in the ground. Peni pulls the machete free and l up the wood again. Jake stands at the corner of the house, mouth open, eyes wide. The back yard is filled with people. Hip-hoppers, clean-c young churchgoers, middle-aged couples in lava-lavas and people under sun umbrellas. The focal point is a pig ona spit, a fire under its sizzling belly. (CONTINUED)
44) 4) dialog: I’m here to see Sina.
44) 8) dialog: Sina, listen to me. Jake glances towards the cousins, uncomfortable. They’re still keeping an eye on him. He takes Sina aside. JAKE (CONT’D) You asked what happened to me ... I wanna tell you. Jake looks down at his scar, remembering. JAKE (CONT’D) There are things I’ve never told anyone. (CONTINUED)
44) 12) dialog: Things that were done to me. He meets her eyes ... A CHEER from the assembled crowd. Semo and Opeta, the two young men we’ve seen being tattooed by Alipati are helped their feet by their friends. They both have newly-complet pe’a. Their short lava-lava reveal the incredible extent of the finished pe’a: from the knees to the middle of the back, beautiful patterns follow the contours of their bodies.
44) 14) dialog: What if you don’t finish?
44) 23) dialog: Why did he stop?
44) 25) dialog: I might wait till he puts down the big pointy thing.
44) 31) dialog: The honour’s mine. Mr Va'a takes Jake aside, his manner that of a wise man a to dispense wisdom. Sina watches as Mr Va’a leads Jake away. Alipati steps up beside her.
44) 36) dialog: I’m not a Christian, Mr Va'’a.
44) 39) dialog: So much of this ... I don’t know if I’1l ever understand. It’s like another world. Maybe Alipati’s right not to teach me.
44) 41) dialog: (uncomfortable) Can we go somewhere else?
45) 0) text: Jake shows Sina into the dark shop. Mirrors reflect their silhouetted shapes against the passing lights of the road Sina looks at the designs on the walls of the shop.
45) 1) dialog: I used to dream about this, when I was starting out. My own place ... my own designs. A few regulars.
45) 5) dialog: You wouldn’t want to know.
45) 7) dialog: Crash gave me that, in San Francisco. I was celebrating — my first job, my first paycheck. (sadly) I felt like I could do anything. Jake closes his eyes as Sina runs her fingers across his back.
45) 8) dialog: Got that in Berlin. I was cold. Broke. I loved it. Sina laughs. She reaches down, running her hand across th pale ridge of his scar.
46) 0) text: BAM! A man’s hand grabs Young Jake’s wrist, wrenches the around to reveal the fresh rose tattoo.
46) 2) dialog: I was thirteen. My father was a Lutheran minister ...
46) 6) dialog: He was ashamed.
47) 0) text: Jake’s expression is cold, hard. Sina looks appalled.
47) 1) dialog: I left after that. I never went back. Sina kisses him gently on the side of his neck. She close her eyes.
47) 3) dialog: Won't they be angry if you get a palagi tattoo? (CONTINUED)
47) 7) dialog: What do you want?
49) 0) text: Jake's needle shapes, hones, defines ... a huge design ta shape, its scope as yet unrevealed ... TAP-TAP-TAP ... INT. GRAHAM’S HOUSE - DAWN 73 A bottle of sleeping pills on a dresser ... moving to fin Chanel, Graham’s girlfriend, asleep under a pink eye mask She turns over, onto a pool of glistening black on peach- coloured satin sheets. She pulls off the eye-mask, frowni peels back the sheet with a wet slurping noise.
50) 0) text: Jake colours in a section of Sina’s tattoo, blood-red ...
52) 0) text: Jake's needle paints a thick, dark curve along Sina’s shoulder blade ...
54) 0) text: Jake and Sina make love on the couch in Crash’s office, h new tattoo almost luminous in the glow of the dancing lig from the street.
56) 0) text: — as Jake and Sina lie back, entangled, their breathing slowing, calm returning as the chaotic sounds ebb.
56) 2) dialog: Because they’re pathetic ... they’re weak.
56) 4) dialog: It is when you hide behind it ... use it to hurt people.
56) 6) dialog: He lives in Wisconsin, in the house I grew up in. I haven’t spoken to him in ten years.
57) 0) text: Jake stirs, restless. In the darkness, Sina MOANS softly. Jake looks over at her. She frowns, twitches, eyes dartin under her lids — in the grip of a nightmare.
58) 0) text: Jake and Sina stand on the footpath outside Bedlam.
58) 1) dialog: Can't you stay?
58) 3) dialog: So all that stuff about this not being for them ... about it being for you ...
59) 0) text: Jake enters, slams the door.
59) 2) dialog: You can’t keep ... (CONTINUED)
59) 6) dialog: Shit, are you okay?
59) 8) dialog: How?
59) 10) dialog: That’s terrible.
59) 12) dialog: What are you talking about?
59) 15) dialog: Tattoos don’t just do themselves.
59) 17) dialog: Victoria, whatever happened, it was nothing to do with me.
59) 21) dialog: Sina?
59) 23) dialog: Who is this?
59) 25) dialog: (thinks hard) Ivan? CLICK! The line goes dead. Jake stares at the receiver, stunned. He grabs the phone book, rifles through.
59) 26) dialog: Peters ... Peterson ...
59) 28) dialog: Petrovich! Jake slams the phone book shut and heads for the front do
59) 30) dialog: It was another guy I tattooed. And he’s gone. She looks away, her mind racing ... 84 EXT. JAKE’S APARTMENT - DAY 84 Tyres squeal as the Bedlam car pulls away from Jake’s apartment. 85 86 87 88 89 61.
60) 0) text: Victoria steps into the bathroom and turns on the light. stares blankly at her wretched reflection in the mirror, looks down, steeling herself. She pulls up her top. Her eyes widen in horror. EXT. BLOCK OF FLATS — DAY 86 Jake slams his car door outside a large block of council flats in a tree-lined street. The windows make a ragged patchwork of curtains, washing and wall hangings. INT. STAIRWELL — DAY 87 Jake races up the dirty, glass walled stairwell. Reflecti of himself surround him, shifting and moving as he climbs INT. BLOCK OF FLATS — DAY 88 Jake emerges on an upper landing and searches the apartme doors. He stops at one. All the curtains are closed. Jake bangs on the door.
60) 1) dialog: Ivan? It’s Jake! Silence. He bangs again. The door swings open. Jake steps inside. INT. IVAN’S FLAT — DAY 89 Jake peers into darkness.
60) 2) dialog: Hello? Jake creeps into the living area. The room is trashed, as a struggle has taken place. A large mirror on the wall is cracked, streaked with ink.
60) 3) dialog: (calls) Ivan! (CONTINUED)
60) 6) dialog: Ivan? Jesus ... The figure laughs, quickly breaking into a hacking wet co Jake crosses to the windows and reaches for the curtains.
60) 7) dialog: Let’s get some light —
60) 10) dialog: What are you talking about?
60) 12) dialog: Who did this to you? Ivan rises slowly out of his chair, bones creaking.
60) 17) dialog: I’1l get doctors. Ivan reaches out a blackened hand, the flesh of his arm withered and wet. The ridges and patterns gleam in the li
60) 20) dialog: Who? Ivan starts to sing under his breath in Samoan — the lilt song from Jake’s dreams. TAP-TAP-TAP! The sound reverbera around them. Jake grabs Ivan’s wrists, trying to snap him of it.
60) 21) dialog: Ivan, WHO’S COMING?!
61) 0) text: Jake crashes into his apartment. He slams the door behind and locks it. He picks up the phone and dials frantically, waits.
61) 1) dialog: Come on, Sina ... pick up ... He stops. The sound of WATER RUNNING. Jake frowns, replac the receiver. Jake creeps tentatively through the apartment towards the bathroom. Steam billows out into the hallway. Water sprea out across the floor in a dark stain. Water puddles around his feet, mixed with black ink. The forms the intricate filigrees of a pe’a design, then dissolves. Jake pushes the bathroom door open ... INT. APARTMENT BATHROOM — DAY 92 A pale figure is ghosted behind the glass: Victoria. She looks up at him, her eyes bloodshot.
61) 2) dialog: (frustrated) Victoria ... He looks down ... the water swirling around her feet is black! Alarmed, Jake pulls the door open — Her belly is a ragged black wound. Black ichor and blood spill down her legs to bloom in the water. Her hand comes slowly and uncurls to reveal STEEL WOOL and fingers black with ink. Victoria looks up through her hair, mouth open in wordles horror. She trembles, gasps ... and SCREEEEEEEEAMS! 93 94 95 65. INT. JAKE’S CAR - DAY 93 Jake drives frantically. Victoria moans from the back sea She's wrapped in a sheet.
61) 3) dialog: Hold on! He looks to the rear view mirror — and glimpses a wiry sh in the back seat, looming over Victoria — TAP-TAP-TAP! Ja slams on the brakes and the car screeches to a halt. He t to look — Victoria writhes in pain. Ink smears the seats. She is al
62) 0) text: Jake's car pulls up with a squeal outside Accident and Emergency. He jumps out, throws open the back door and li out Victoria.
63) 0) text: Jake carries Victoria through the doors. The sheet is twi around Victoria's body and sodden with blooms of black in line of ink drips onto the gleaming lino.
63) 1) dialog: Somebody — we need help! He staggers toward the reception desk. Victoria begins to slip from his arms, the sheet pulling around her. Jake dr to his knees. A NURSE comes running.
63) 3) dialog: She's ... sick. The nurse pulls at the sheet. Ink puddles out and spreads across the floor. The nurse recoils in horror, looking do at the ink on her fingers. (CONTINUED)
64) 2) dialog: Victoria.
64) 9) dialog: I’m here.
64) 23) dialog: I don’t know. BEEP-BEEP-BEEP-BEEP-BEEP-BEEP — a shrill alarm goes off.
64) 35) dialog: There! Can’t you see him? The doctors continue work on Victoria, oblivious to the spectre upon her. WHUMP! The lights flicker on again, and the Tattooist is gone. Victoria is lifted off the bed by the defibrillator her back arched.
65) 0) text: Jake slips on the shiny floor, leaving inky footprints as runs away down the corridor. Dr Faleauto crashes through doors behind him, his whites sprayed with black.
65) 4) dialog: Please ...
65) 6) dialog: There’s no time.
65) 8) dialog: Do you believe in spirits? The doctor stares at him, stunned.
65) 10) dialog: There’s another one ... a girl, in Otara. You have to let me go. The doctor narrows his eyes, considering this. JAKE (CONT’D) I have to get to her, find a way to stop this, or she'll die. Then he steps aside. Jake pushes open the door. As he ste through, Dr Faleauto puts a hand on Jake’s arm.
66) 2) dialog: They’re dead. Jake stands just inside the door, his face haunted. He’s covered in grisly splatters of ink.
66) 4) dialog: He killed them. Luke and Ivan ... Victoria. Everyone I tattooed. Ever since I hurt myself with this. He holds out the tool he took from the Samoans in Singapo
66) 6) dialog: I would have given it back, only I was afraid he wouldn’t teach me! (beat) They couldn’t see him, but I could «+. I could see him killing her! (CONTINUED)
66) 10) dialog: You’ve seen him too.
67) 0) text: Sina stands in front of the mirror, Jake behind her. She unbuttons her top, then pauses ... she looks, in the mirr to Jake ... And pulls off her top. Jake’s eyes widen as he looks at her back. Slowly, fearfu she turns to look at her reflection. Fine lines of raw, b tatau spider outwards from the hibiscus flower — the beginnings of the nightmare pe’a.
67) 2) dialog: Sina —
67) 4) dialog: Hours. Sina’s horror is mounting. Jake moves to comfort her. JAKE (CONT’D) Sina, I‘’ll — WHAP! Sina slaps him, again and again. Jake accepts the blows.
67) 6) dialog: I didn’t know! (CONTINUED)
67) 10) dialog: Sina, wait —
67) 12) dialog: I promise I’1l help you. She stops struggling and meets his eyes.
68) 0) text: Dark in the shopping centre, shops closed. A few groups o youths drink, smoke and laugh. Jake hurries through the shadows, looking back over his shoulder. A car revs sudde the nitro kicking in, and Jake jumps in fright. (CONTINUED)
68) 4) dialog: (shakes his head) There’s more.
69) 15) dialog: I did ask.
69) 19) dialog: If I can find out what this spirit wants, maybe I can —
69) 21) dialog: I’ve seen how they die.
70) 1) dialog: First the sounds, the visions ... the tattoo, it grows. Then the ink, from everywhere, like blood. A cough wracks Sina and she doubles over, her hand going her mouth. As the spasm subsides, she looks down in horro «+. to see flecks of black ink on her hand.
70) 2) dialog: She’1l scream and beg for the end ... INT. ALIPATI’S GARAGE - NIGHT 106 Now Jake has Alipati’s full attention.
70) 3) dialog: ... and then she’s gone.
70) 8) dialog: But she'll die.
70) 10) dialog: You know something, don’t you?
70) 12) dialog: Listen, whether you like it or not, my eyes are open now.
70) 15) dialog: The other day, there was a kid with you.
70) 17) dialog: Come on ... he said someone was following me. (CONTINUED)
70) 22) dialog: I need to know what he wants. Can you ... ask him?
70) 24) dialog: How much?
70) 26) dialog: Fiddy?
70) 28) dialog: Where are we going?
71) 0) text: The car slams into a sharp skid, sliding sideways onto th hard shoulder and coming to a stop. A car behind swerves around it, laying on the horn. INT. OSONE’S COUSINS’ CAR - NIGHT 111 The roar of whispers is deafening. Jake blocks his ears. Osone convulses. Spots of blood flick from his nose and e splattering the plastic covering the car’s interior. Terrified, Jake tries to hold him.
71) 1) dialog: What’s happening ..?! The cousins watch impassively from the front seat as Oson convulses. His hand whips out and grabs Jake’s arm, vice- like. His voice booms — an adult voice. Multiple lines of song overlap in a distorted, hair-raising cacophony:
71) 3) dialog: What’s he saying? (CONTINUED)
71) 7) dialog: (to Osone/Tattooist) Who are you?
71) 14) dialog: What do you want?
71) 17) dialog: Why? The Tattooist’s roar shakes the car!
71) 20) dialog: What are you ashamed of? The static seems to reach a crescendo as The Tattooist’s echoes around them — (CONTINUED)
71) 23) dialog: 
71) 25) dialog: Get him back — I’m not finished!
71) 29) dialog: Okay, I get it, I get it. So what am I supposed to do now?
71) 31) dialog: I already got that advice for free.
71) 37) dialog: Take me to church.
71) 41) dialog: It’s his flock I want to talk to.
72) 0) text: The Minister stands before the congregation. The churchgo are on their feet, united in song. Their voices soar towa the heavens. At the front of the congregation, Sina sits with her head bowed over Va’a’s silver crucifix necklace. Her eyes are closed as her lips move in prayer. A HAND on her shoulder mr Va’a, standing next to her, singing loudly. BANG! The church doors swing open, framing Jake. At the pulpit, the Minister stops in mid-song. Churchgoer follow his gaze, including Mr Va’a. Sina looks up, dazed shock and fear. The song peters out as Jake strides down the aisle. By th time he reaches the front, a blanket of shocked silence h descended. All eyes are on Jake. Mr Va‘a steps into the aisle, a hand on Sina’s shoulder.
72) 2) dialog: Please ... tufuga. Mr Va‘a is taken aback at Jake’s deference. (CONTINUED)
72) 5) dialog: An angry spirit is using me to kill. If I can learn who he is, I might be able to stop him. The churchgoers mutter to each other — what’s he talking about?
72) 7) dialog: Sina, show them.
72) 9) dialog: Sina, please ... trust me. Mr Va'a steps close to Jake and Sina, his voice lowered, heavy with shame. The community listens with bated breath
72) 11) dialog: Sina, God can’t stop this ... but I can. Sina looks between them, making up her mind.
72) 16) dialog: Show them. She raises her top, revealing her tattoo to the congregat In the congregation, a WOMAN in her late 20s stands with HUSBAND. Her eyes widen with recognition, her hand goes t her mouth. She looks around for support. Mr Va'a’s expression roils with barely contained fury. Hi fists clench tight and release, clench and release. JAKE (CONT’D) (to the congregation) The spirit who did this will continue, until she’s dead ... or until his shame is ended.
72) 19) dialog: (to Va'a) You turn your backs on people you're ashamed of. But if you turn your back on her, it’s you who should be ashamed.
72) 24) dialog: YOU CAN’T JUST LET HER DIE! The woman in the congregation watches Jake and Sina pass. looks around, catches the eye of some of the others. They encouragement — go on.
73) 0) text: Jake bursts through the church doors, supporting Sina. As they stumble away from the church, Sina staggers and goes down on her knees, retching ink. Jake kneels to cradle he desperate.
74) 0) text: Recognition hits Jake as the woman’s husband pulls her ba into the church and the doors slam shut behind them.
74) 1) dialog: I’ve seen her ...
76) 0) text: Sina raises her head. Jake looks at her, his eyes filled hope.
76) 1) dialog: I know who the tattoo belongs to. INT/EXT. JAKE’S CAR/PERENESE HOUSE — NIGHT 118 Jake stops the car. Sina looks up at Jake, flecks of blac her lips.
76) 3) dialog: Lock the doors. Jake climbs out of the car. Sina locks the doors behind h A rough neighbourhood by day, it’s scarier by night. Musi booms from a house further up the street. Dogs bark. A fe doors up, NEIGHBOURS sit on the front lawn. Jake walks up to the edge of Perenese’s property and peer around the neighbours’ fence. The house is dark. He scurr up the side of the house. Around the back, Jake tries the back door. It opens. INT. PERENESE HOUSE — NIGHT - CONTINUOUS 119 Jake creeps inside, through the kitchen and into the hall Dim light filters in from the street. Jake pushes open the bedroom door. The photographs of the four young women on the shelf above the bed smile at him the darkness. Jake scans the room, then turns to the mirror. A white cl hangs over it. Jake pulls it away ... to reveal his own reflection. He stares into the dark glass.
76) 4) dialog: Where are you? Jake heads down the hallway, deeper into the house. He pu open a door — a bathroom. The next door is locked. (CONTINUED)
76) 10) dialog: What did you do to him?
76) 12) dialog: Your son.
76) 15) dialog: What did he do? Speak up to you in public? Skip church? What? Perenese seems taken aback by Jake’s fury.
76) 17) dialog: And you killed him, you son of a bitch. You were so afraid of what people would think —
76) 19) dialog: If you really cared about him, you'd’ve let him choose whether or not he got a pe’a. (CONTINUED)
76) 25) dialog: If he wanted it so bad, then why the hell didn’t he finish? Huh?
76) 27) dialog: I've seen him.
76) 29) dialog: I was hoping you could tell me.
76) 31) dialog: How did you find out he was gone?
76) 33) dialog: Who was doing his pe’a?
76) 37) dialog: It’s me! Shaking, Sina unlocks the car and Jake gets in. JAKE (CONT’D) His name was Lomi Perenese. And I know who killed him. Jake starts the car. INT. MR VA'A’S HOUSE - NIGHT 125 A vintage stylus rides a wave of warped vinyl as an old record spins. The music is the eerie Samoan song from the dream of the Tattooist, punctuated by the muffled crackle needle on scratched 45. Mr Va'a’s church jacket hangs over the back of his chair. Beyond, Mr Va’a carries a white lace cloth and drapes it the mirror in his living room. BANGING on the front door. His eyes narrow warily. Va'a opens the door ... and relaxes.
76) 42) dialog: We'll find it. We just gotta know where to look.
76) 44) dialog: (to himself) Right in front of my eyes. Light spills out of the living room window onto the pathw ahead. The curtains are open. Jake risks a peep over the windowsill and gapes in surprise. INT. LIVING ROOM — NIGHT 127 Inside, Alipati paces nervously as he speaks to Va’a in e tones. He indicates the tattooing tool that sits on the dining table. Va’a glares at him, eyes blazing. EXT. MR VA’A’S HOUSE - NIGHT 128 Sina retches. Jake cringes and pulls her against him to muffle the sound as droplets of ink patter onto his chest A shadow falls across the pathway ahead. Above them, Mr V looms at the window. He stands sentinel for what seems li an eternity. Below, Jake doesn’t dare to breathe. INT. LIVING ROOM — NIGHT 129 Mr Va‘a stares out of the window. His own reflection on t glass comes into focus. He yanks the curtains closed. 130 131 132 93. EXT. GARDEN — NIGHT 130 Jake breathes a sigh of relief. Keeping low to the ground and Sina stumble towards the shed.
77) 2) dialog: I’ve dreamed this place. He pulls up the flax mats. The dirt beneath is packed har but uneven. He grabs the shovel. CLANG! Jake brings the shovel down on the hard earth, dislodging a chunk of it. CLANG-CLANG! He hacks again, churning up the ground to reveal — A dull, pale section of skull. Teeth protrude from its jawbone. (CONTINUED)
77) 6) dialog: It’s finished now — that’s all that matters. Lomi’s got nothing to be ashamed of. Sina nestles her head against him and closes her eyes. Jake looks up, to the dirty mirror against the wall. A glimpse of a dark shape standing over them — CLANG! Sina’s eyes flick open in shock. A massive spasm wracks her body. More lines of pe’a appear, snaking up he neck. Alarmed, Jake turns back to Lomi’s remains.
77) 7) dialog: We know you didn’t run! What more do you want? He stares in anguish at the bones ... and sees something in the dirt. He scrabbles frantically with his hands, unearthing a necklace of long whale teeth, a traditional Samoan ulalei. The one from the image in Mr Perenese’s ho
77) 8) dialog: It’s not about his shame ... The shame is on his family. The BANG of a door from outside. Jake spins, terrified. H looks out of the shed to see —
78) 1) dialog: You're gonna need a bigger shed. Va'a drops Alipati and glares at Jake. Before Jake can ac Va'a steps to the edge of the shed and lifts the machete where it leans. With surprising agility, Mr Va’a lunges. The machete whoo through the air, glances off the iron wall as Jake sidest He tackles Va’a, shoving him out into the garden. 134 135 136 95.
79) 0) text: The Tattooist emerges from the shadows at the end of the shed, his eyes fixed on Sina. EXT. GARDEN — NIGHT 135 Mr Va'a finds his feet, swings the machete sideways, backhanded, cracking Jake over the head. Jake reels and f on the grass. Va'a stands over him, swings the machete. Jake reaches fo piece of firewood, swings it up like a shield ... the mac whistles down — CHOCK! The blade sticks in the wood. Va’a rips the wood from Jake’s hands and shakes it from the bl He swings again. Jake rolls — THUNK! The blade sinks deep into the ground. Mr Va’a leans down to grasp the machete both hands. Jake scrambles away and races towards the house. INT. KITCHEN / LIVING ROOM — NIGHT 136 Jake slams the kitchen door shut. He locks it - SMASH! Th machete smashes through the glass. Mr Va’a reaches inside clawing for the lock. Jake scrambles into the living room, looking for ... The phone! He snatches up the receiver, reaches for the buttons as — SMASH! The machete cleaves the plastic in tw Jake jumps clear, picks up one of the dining chairs — SMA A blow from the machete shatters it, leaving Jake with a piece of wood.
81) 3) dialog: You're a murderer!
83) 0) text: Jake glares at Va’‘a. (CONTINUED)
83) 3) dialog: He could have been saved ... there are doctors —
83) 5) dialog: So you killed him and said he ran away — you brought shame on the Pereneses instead of on yourself.
84) 3) dialog: What about Sina and Alipati, Victoria, Luke ... their blood’s on your hands too! It’s you who should be ashamed!
86) 0) text: Jake races out of the house, crossing the garden to the s
86) 1) dialog: Sina!
87) 0) text: Jake bursts into the shed and looks around wildly. Signs struggle ... patches of black ink, splatters and a trail, leading to a dark corner. Jake steps closer. Sina huddles there, her breath ragged and erratic.
87) 1) dialog: Sina ..? CLANG! Jake turns towards the sound: the mirror. A glimps the Tattooist straddling her, his tools falling with cataclysmic force. She flinches with the might of each bl
87) 2) dialog: (roars)
87) 5) dialog: Never. Va'a nods, like he expected this. He hefts the machete. (CONTINUED)
87) 10) dialog: Wait’1l you see what this little prick can do. Va'a scoffs ... then looks past Jake to the shadows. Glaring from between light and dark is THE TATOOIST, the that has kept him from peace burning in his eyes. Va’a’s goes slack with terror. He looks to the tool in his hand, then to Jake, realising what Jake’s done. Wind sighs through the walls, under the roof. The strummi of the guitar, the lilting song. Va'a backs away, stumbles into Lomi’s grave and falls. He whimpers in fear. Jake gathers Sina in his arms. CLANG! Mr Va’‘a jolts. Blood blooms on his T-shirt. Va’a off his T-shirt to expose his torso — streaked with blood fresh line of tatau extends from his pe’a. Va'a looks to Jake in absolute horror. In the mirror, ano horrifying glimpse of the tattooist, standing over Va'a, hammering brutally ... Va'a moans in panic, thrashes in pain. Then he freezes as looks past Jake ... to where Mr Perenese stands in the doorway, Alipati behind him. Perenese holds the ulalei in shaking hands. Jake looks to the mirror — the Tattooist looks up from Va his eyes burning with rage. Held aloft ready for another blow, his tools drip ink and blood. (CONTINUED)
87) 14) dialog: I understand that now. Mr Perenese holds out the ulalei. In the mirror, a flicke The Tattooist, crouching in the grave. The ulalei falls through the apparition to grace Lomi’s bones once more. T wind seems to sigh through the structure of the shed, as though relieving it of some great burden ... then silence A thick COUGHING from the corner ... Va’a. Mr Perenese tu strides over, stands over Mr Va'a. Slowly, emphatically, Mr Perenese unbuttons his shirt to revealing his spectacular pe’a. Then he bends, picks up t machete. Va’a cowers as Mr Perenese raises the weapon, hi eyes burning with rage — JAKE (CONT’D) Wait. Perenese turns, aghast at Jake’s intervention.
87) 16) dialog: He needs to pay for what he did...
87) 18) dialog: He said he’d rather die, than live in shame. Perenese thinks about his, his eyes never leaving Va'a. (CONTINUED)
87) 28) dialog: Does it hurt?
87) 31) dialog: Hey, Dad ... it’s me. Tears in his eyes, Jake smiles as we ...