29) 16) dialog: I’m eighteen ... on Saturday.
29) 20) dialog: No shit — that’s where we’re from. (CONTINUED)
29) 25) dialog: You serious?
29) 27) dialog: I’m having a party on Friday night, my folks’ place. It won’t be lame, they got a pool and stuff. Jake takes the invite. Victoria smiles at him, intent.
39) 0) text: A pool-side barbecue for Luke’s birthday. Teenage BOYS an GIRLS laugh, shout and drink. Some splash in the water. (CONTINUED)
39) 9) dialog: I want to get rid of it. (CONTINUED)
39) 12) dialog: Hey, no! NO! Ignoring his shouts, they carry Luke to the pool and thro him in, fully-clothed. Partygoers laugh and cheer. Uncle shakes his head disapprovingly and returns to his sausage Luke surfaces, spluttering. Someone splashes him and he laughs reluctantly. Victoria appears at Jake’s side, laughing.
41) 0) text: In the crowded water, Luke stops moving. He looks around, afraid. He jerks suddenly, as if hit from below. And agai Luke tries to reach the edge of the pool — BANG! He’s pul back into the water. His friends splash and laugh around oblivious to his panic. Again, Luke is hit from below. He goes under and resurfac struggling. The water blooms with black ink. (CONTINUED)
42) 9) dialog: He’s here! Luke is jerked from his father’s grasp once again and disappears back under. Uncle Ken searches frantically as Aunt Suzy continues to scream. The other kids watch, ashen-faced. Ken stops movi scanning the water as it settles to a glassy black sheet. Luke’s body breaks the surface, face down. Uncle Ken grab him and hauls him to the edge. Two TEENAGERS pull him out lower him onto the concrete. Luke’s head lolls, his eyes lifeless and glazed. Blood and ink stream from his slack Luke’s mother falls across her son's body, wailing. Victo runs up to comfort her. INT. JAKE’S CAR - NIGHT 61 Jake drives, intent, gripping the wheel. Outside, the Auckland streets are a blur. We move in, towards the band on his hand. The surface of the bandage bulges, darkens, seeping black ink. The ink wells, runs down across the smooth arc of th steering wheel ... Black ink drips from the steering wheel onto Jake’s lap. frowns, looks down ... In the shifting glow of passing streetlights, Jake’s hand appear to be covered with intricate Samoan tatau! Jake GASPS ... the car swerves ... a HORN blares! Jake regains control. He looks down at his hands, now unmarked
43) 0) text: Aunt Suzy SHRIEKS suddenly and pulls away from Luke’s bod horrified — Victoria follows her gaze, gasps in horror — Under Luke’s wet shirt, vivid lines of black spider acros his chest. Samoan tatau! We move in towards the ragged li and shapes. 63 64 65 66 46. INT. JAKE’S BATHROOM - NIGHT 63 The sound of running water. Jake winces as he peels off t bandage. Blood and ink patter into the basin from his suppurating wound. He stares at his hollow-eyed reflection in the mirror, th looks down. For a moment, the inky water leaves spidery, geometric li of black on the white porcelain — the pattern of the pe’a before it’s washed away. Jake frowns ... did I just see t INT. JAKE’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 64 Jake falls back onto the bed, the hibiscus flower in his hand. Streetlights parade across the ceiling, merging and shift forming geometric shapes of light and shadow. Jake closes his eyes. The horns, booming subwoofers and h of the street give way to the TIC-TIC-TIC-TIC of the boil ... the TAP-TAP-TAP of tatau.
48) 0) text: A sterile embalmer’s preparation room, deep in shadow. To are laid out, next to a chart and several reference photographs of Luke. Machines switched on. BAMF! An overh light illuminates — A body, under a sheet. The sheet is spotted with blooms o black in.
51) 0) text: His preparations complete, the EMBALMER pulls back the sh from Luke’s head ... and recoils violently at some horror unseen. Luke’s hand slips, dangling from under the sheet. It is covered now in Samoan tatau — even Luke’s fingernails hav been tattooed. Beyond, we can see that the tatau covers t body.