31) 4) dialog: Mr Palauni. He passes the photo to Sina, who looks at it.
31) 8) dialog: Seen him round, eh.
36) 26) dialog: You see him? Jake looks around. (CONTINUED)
36) 30) dialog: Following you round.
36) 32) dialog: Just cause you don’t see no one, don’t mean there ain’t no one there. Osone points. Baffled, Jake follows the boy’s gaze to whe black ink runs freely from the cut on his hand. Hip-hop bass pounds ahead of a sedan as it pulls up besid them. A tinted window rolls down to reveal a large Samoan in his early twenties. Sitting next to him, his brother. Osone’s COUSINS.
70) 21) dialog: Skinny fella. Dead as. Jake turns to see Osone, a skateboard in his hand. He nod
70) 23) dialog: Nup. (beat) You can aks him your own self. But that’1l cost ya. The cousins grin.
70) 25) dialog: Fiddy bucks. For me and my cousins.
70) 27) dialog: Each. INT/EXT. COUSINS’ CAR/MOTORWAY - NIGHT 108 Jake sits in the back seat of the car, Osone next to him. seat is covered with clear plastic. Hip-hop bass pounds around them. Osone’s two cousins are crammed into the front seat, eyes straight ahead as they drive.
70) 29) dialog: Louder. The cousin in the passenger seat turns up the radio. Jake cringes as the bass gets even louder. He looks outsi to see the towering street lamps of the Auckland motorway passing at speed. Osone closes his eyes. (CONTINUED)
71) 0) text: The car slams into a sharp skid, sliding sideways onto th hard shoulder and coming to a stop. A car behind swerves around it, laying on the horn. INT. OSONE’S COUSINS’ CAR - NIGHT 111 The roar of whispers is deafening. Jake blocks his ears. Osone convulses. Spots of blood flick from his nose and e splattering the plastic covering the car’s interior. Terrified, Jake tries to hold him.
71) 28) dialog: You can’t boss those ones around, eh. They’re pure. Angry — that’s it. You wanna try bossing round a thunderstorm? Or ... a piece of wood?
71) 30) dialog: Quit your job?
71) 40) dialog: Man upstairs ain’t gonna help you out.