11) 0) text: Jake stands in the shadows of the tent entrance, watching crowd pass by. No sign of Mr Lim. Behind him, the TAP-TAP continues. A young woman, SINA, watches Jake from the shadows of the tent. She’s in her early 20s, beautiful, a red hibiscus flower behind her ear. Her eyes travel to the scar on his arm.
11) 1) dialog: Can I help you? Jake turns to see her. In awe and off-guard, he struggles find his voice:
23) 0) text: Jake heads through the dense throng of the market. He loo around, lost, then glimpses — A red flower. A few metres away, Sina talks to an OLD SAM WOMAN at a fruit stall, the red flower in her hair. Jake watches, mesmerised, as she laughs and hugs the woman, th walks away. Jake follows. Passersby jostle him as he pushes against t flow of the crowd. Jake darts between stalls into another identical row. He spins, trying to get his bearings. The bustling maze of the market closes in on him, trinkets clothes and fruit stalls ...
23) 1) dialog: Lost? (CONTINUED)
23) 5) dialog: (she points) I think Singapore’s back that way.
23) 7) dialog: For me?
23) 9) dialog: Maybe we should go before you buy something you regret. She leads him through the market, a familiar sound floats above the others: TAP-TAP-TAP ... TAP-TAP-TAP! INT/EXT. ALIPATI’S GARAGE - DAY 31 A back corner of the market, where canvas stalls give way the backs of shops and storage areas. In one of them, Alipati works, his back to Jake. Semo, wh saw being worked on in Singapore sits at the head of anot a young man being tattooed, OPETA, muttering encouragemen Peni and the other guys from the expo hang out on folding chairs and mats.
23) 27) dialog: I don’t know ... there’s something
23) 30) dialog: Wait up!
24) 0) text: Jake and Sina walk side by side through suburban streets.
24) 1) dialog: Alipati’s old-school, traditional. They say he can see a tatau before he does it. That the spirits tell him what’s supposed to be there. Jake looks down at his scar.
24) 3) dialog: Tatau's his life — he thinks it’s up to him to protect it.
24) 5) dialog: From guys like you. 33 23. EXT. MR VA’A’S HOUSE - EVENING 33 A weatherboard state house among other weatherboard state houses. A large hibiscus bush dominates the front of the house. Jake follows Sina up the path towards the door. He looks across — Inside the house next-door, an elderly Samoan woman cover mirror with tapa cloth.
24) 7) dialog: She's covering the mirror for the night so bad spirits don’t get her.
24) 9) dialog: I lived with my Grandma for a while in Apia. There was all sorts of things we weren't allowed to do. Whistling inside, brushing your hair or laughing at night.
24) 11) dialog: Maybe. I mean, I go to church. But Alipati’s taught me a lot about the old ways.
24) 13) dialog: For now. They arrive at the porch. SINA (CONT’D) Why did you come here, Jake? To learn tatau from Alipati?
24) 17) dialog: What, fate?
24) 19) dialog: A guy with a scar like this has to believe in something, right? Their eyes meet. Then Jake pulls his arm away.
24) 21) dialog: Jake ...
24) 23) dialog: (at last) Okay. Jake grins.
24) 24) dialog: Now if my uncle comes home from church and finds a palagi boy on the doorstep, he’1ll kick me all the way back to Sa. Literally. Sina disappears inside. Jake looks along the side of the house. The back garden l immaculate, lush, wild with banana palms and flowers. A corrugated iron shed is visible, brooding in the darkness Sina reappears. SINA (CONT’D) Give me a couple of days, I’1l talk to him. But come see me at work, okay? Not round here. (CONTINUED)
26) 0) text: Jake sits up in bed, breathing hard. Lights from the stre dance through the shadows. He opens his hand ... to find Sina’s red hibiscus flower, crushed against dried blood o his palm.
31) 5) dialog: How did you know that? (CONTINUED)
31) 9) dialog: He died before you were born! Sina wears a conservative blouse and skirt as she stacks bulging archival boxes. As she lifts one, the bottom drop out of it and photos spill across the floor. Jake watches from the doorway, amused.
31) 11) dialog: Glad to see you're making an effort to learn the language. Jake kneels and helps Sina put the photos back in the box Osone stares, eyes wide, over Jake’s shoulder — as if loo at someone behind him. Jake follows his gaze — no-one there. He looks back.
31) 14) dialog: There’s forty years of South Auckland stories in this room. My uncle’s trying to make sure they don’t get lost.
31) 16) dialog: It’s the least I can do to repay him for everything he’s done for me. (checks her watch) (MORE ) (CONTINUED)
31) 19) dialog: I have to go pick up some more photos. You want to come?
31) 21) dialog: You okay?
31) 23) dialog: You’ve met him?
31) 25) dialog: He’s not really my uncle — after my mum died, Mr Va'a’s wife took me in. Now he’s alone, too. But he lets me stay. Va'a turns, looks through the glass. He sees Sina and smi -.. then notices Jake. His smile fades. Jake looks nervou SINA (CONT’D) What about your folks? Where are they?
32) 0) text: Ragged graffiti has been sprayed across an unpainted wood fence, several of its boards smashed in. A car sits rusti and abandoned in a concrete driveway, weeds growing throu the cracks. Nearby, a letterbox lies on its side. Beyond is a weathered state house, its curtains drawn, it welcome cold. It’s as though someone sucked all the colou out of this corner of Otara. An unseen dog WHINES mournfu an eerie soundtrack to this grim landscape. Jake follows Sina from his car up towards the front door. Sina knocks. The door opens a crack to reveal suspicious eyes.
32) 1) dialog: Malo Mr Perenese, it’s Sina. It opens. MR PERENESE, silver-haired, middle-aged, wearin faded T-shirt over old suit pants, glares at Jake — then softens as he turns to Sina.
33) 1) dialog: This is my friend Jake.
36) 1) dialog: They’11l be looked after, Mr. Perenese.
36) 7) dialog: He didn’t mean to offend you. Perenese glares from Sina to Jake.
36) 11) dialog: Not for him. One of their kids ran away, years ago, and the community turned their backs on them.
36) 13) dialog: He had no choice. It made them look like bad parents — around here that’s a mark of shame. They pull up outside the church. Jake looks up at the crucifix that graces its roof, his expression dark.
36) 17) dialog: What happened to you, Jake? Jake's expression darkens.
36) 19) dialog: (sighs) Yeah. Jake, I’m sorry, but he —
36) 21) dialog: What?
36) 23) dialog: Jake, tatau isn’t just some cure you can buy and sell. She gets out of the car and slams the door. She looks bac the window.
36) 24) dialog: Don’t come back here, okay? Jake watches Sina walk through the church gates. He slams car into gear and throws it into a U-turn. The car swings around — Osone stands right in his path! Jake slams on the brakes. EXT. STREET — DAY 51 Jake leaps out of the car and crosses to where Osone stan in the road. The boy stares at him, unruffled.
44) 6) dialog: Joe, don’t be a dick. Joe holds Jake’s gaze for a moment, then nods. The cousin head back to their beers. Sina glares at Jake, hostile .. then softens.
44) 7) dialog: So which part of ‘don’t come back’ didn’t you get?
44) 11) dialog: Things you've done?
44) 13) dialog: You get the pe’a with a friend. It’s like, by sharing your pain, you halve it.
44) 15) dialog: Then you bring shame on yourself and your family. Alipati breaks an egg over Semo’s head and sprinkles coco water over him.
44) 17) dialog: Now they’re men. Mr Va‘a shakes Semo’s hand, gripping his arm with the oth His gaze is powerful, its warmth intense.
44) 22) dialog: My uncle was a tufuga back in the day. Ali was his apprentice.
44) 24) dialog: Alipati was ready, and the community needed him more. (beat) You should really pay your respects. It’s his house. Jake eyes Mr Va‘a. Across the garden, Peni chops at the pig with the machete Mr Va'’a passes him, he grabs the machete from Peni and s him how it’s done. HACK! HACK-HACK! Mr Va’a carves into t pig with three brutal chops.
44) 26) dialog: You got a skull on your shoulder. I think you can come say hi to an old man in a skirt. Sina leads Jake across the garden. HACK! Va’a slices another hunk out of the animal’s haunch wields the machete like he was born with it in his hand. Alipati sees Jake coming and steps up to whisper in Mr Va ear. Va’a nods, hands the machete back to Peni.
44) 27) dialog: Uncle, this is Jake Sawyer. Jake, this is Mr Va’a. Jake holds out his hand. Mr Va’a’s gaze travels from Jake outstretched hand, across the tattoos on his arms. At las Va'a smiles warmly. (CONTINUED)
44) 40) dialog: He was wrong about one thing: you have come a long way. (beat) What did you want to tell me?
44) 42) dialog: I guess you’ve seen my world ... how about you show me where you're from?
44) 47) dialog: Try closing one eye?
44) 52) dialog: Yes, uncle. Peni passes Sina, on his way inside. He gives her the nod mission accomplished. She nods back — owe ya one.
45) 0) text: Jake shows Sina into the dark shop. Mirrors reflect their silhouetted shapes against the passing lights of the road Sina looks at the designs on the walls of the shop.
45) 2) dialog: What do you dream about now? (CONTINUED)
45) 6) dialog: (nods towards his tattoos) I want to see them. Jake takes off his shirt. Her eyes travel across his skin She reaches out to touch an old-school tattoo on his shoulder.
45) 9) dialog: What about that?
47) 0) text: Jake’s expression is cold, hard. Sina looks appalled.
47) 2) dialog: I want a tattoo.
47) 6) dialog: This isn’t for them. This is for me.
47) 8) dialog: The tufuga decides.
50) 0) text: Jake colours in a section of Sina’s tattoo, blood-red ...
52) 0) text: Jake's needle paints a thick, dark curve along Sina’s shoulder blade ...
54) 0) text: Jake and Sina make love on the couch in Crash’s office, h new tattoo almost luminous in the glow of the dancing lig from the street.
56) 0) text: — as Jake and Sina lie back, entangled, their breathing slowing, calm returning as the chaotic sounds ebb.
56) 1) dialog: Why did you tattoo those people, if you didn’t share their beliefs? For the money?
56) 3) dialog: It’s not weak to have faith.
56) 5) dialog: Did you ever think maybe your father was scared? And maybe now he’s somewhere where he doesn’t have to be anymore? Silence, then:
56) 7) dialog: My parents are dead. I can’t ever make that pain go away. But it’s not too late for you. (CONTINUED)
57) 0) text: Jake stirs, restless. In the darkness, Sina MOANS softly. Jake looks over at her. She frowns, twitches, eyes dartin under her lids — in the grip of a nightmare.
58) 0) text: Jake and Sina stand on the footpath outside Bedlam.
58) 2) dialog: If I’m not at church, people will ask questions. Jake looks disappointed. SINA (CONT’D) One step at a time, okay?
58) 4) dialog: It’s for both of us. She kisses him, then pulls away. He watches as she walks down the street.
66) 0) text: Sina sorts through the box of photos she got from Mr Perenese. Taking out a photo, she frowns ... The photo is of the Perenese family, posing in front of t church. Mr Perenese stands proudly in the centre of a gro composed of his wife, his four daughters and ... the edge the photo has been torn away. CRREEEEEAAAAAK-BANG! A door slams closed somewhere outsid the office. Sina goes to the archive door.
66) 1) dialog: (calls) Is someone there? No reply. Spooked, Sina returns to her desk and continues sorting the pictures. A dark shape fills the doorway behind her. She senses som there, turns —
66) 3) dialog: What are you doing here?
66) 5) dialog: This is Alipati’s ... Jake, you can’t keep this.
66) 9) dialog: He’s skinny, with long hair. He looks sick ... his pe’a’s bleeding. His eyes ...
66) 11) dialog: It was just a dream ...
67) 0) text: Sina stands in front of the mirror, Jake behind her. She unbuttons her top, then pauses ... she looks, in the mirr to Jake ... And pulls off her top. Jake’s eyes widen as he looks at her back. Slowly, fearfu she turns to look at her reflection. Fine lines of raw, b tatau spider outwards from the hibiscus flower — the beginnings of the nightmare pe’a.
67) 1) dialog: How long?
67) 3) dialog: Days? Silence, then:
67) 5) dialog: I trusted you!
67) 9) dialog: Stay away from me! INT. CHURCH FOYER — NIGHT 101 Sina runs down the hallway towards the church doors. Jake chases after her.
67) 11) dialog: Alipati and my uncle were right — I should never have gotten involved with you! He grabs her, holds her tight. She struggles —
67) 13) dialog: You promised to ‘help’ those other people, too, but you didn’t really believe it. Why should I believe you now? That hits Jake where it hurts. She pushes through the doo into the church. INSIDE, Sina runs up the centre aisle and stumbles in fro of the altar. The MINISTER hurries over to her. Jake moves to follow — Mr Va’‘a gets up from the front row of pews and stands ov Sina. She looks up at him, her face streaked with tears. Jake hesitates. He takes the tattooing tool out of his pocket, steeling himself ...
69) 0) text: SINA’S TATTOO has spread further. Mr Va’a looks at it closely, his eyes following every line of the expanding p design.
69) 1) dialog: Uncle, what is it?
69) 5) dialog: He didn’t — (CONTINUED)
69) 9) dialog: Uncle, I don’t hate you.
69) 11) dialog: What am I supposed to do? Va'a takes the silver crucifix from around his neck. His shakes as he holds it out to her.
70) 0) text: Sina sits hunched in the front row of the church. Around the sound of singing from the assembled congregation. Sin mouth moves in muttered prayer. Beyond the hymn, an undercurrent of TAPPING. Sina’s praye falters.
72) 0) text: The Minister stands before the congregation. The churchgo are on their feet, united in song. Their voices soar towa the heavens. At the front of the congregation, Sina sits with her head bowed over Va’a’s silver crucifix necklace. Her eyes are closed as her lips move in prayer. A HAND on her shoulder mr Va’a, standing next to her, singing loudly. BANG! The church doors swing open, framing Jake. At the pulpit, the Minister stops in mid-song. Churchgoer follow his gaze, including Mr Va’a. Sina looks up, dazed shock and fear. The song peters out as Jake strides down the aisle. By th time he reaches the front, a blanket of shocked silence h descended. All eyes are on Jake. Mr Va‘a steps into the aisle, a hand on Sina’s shoulder.
72) 12) dialog: Uncle, I’m sorry ...
72) 20) dialog: Uncle, please let them speak.
73) 0) text: Jake bursts through the church doors, supporting Sina. As they stumble away from the church, Sina staggers and goes down on her knees, retching ink. Jake kneels to cradle he desperate.
73) 1) dialog: (disoriented) I can see him... The church door opens behind them. Jake looks up — The woman from the congregation, standing at the top of t steps. She looks desperately down at them, as though abou speak. Her husband appears behind her and grabs her arm roughly. She looks up at him and he shakes his head — no. Jake remembers — INT. PERENESE HOUSE — DAY — FLASHBACK 114 The bedroom door creaks open to reveal a photo of a young woman on the shelf behind the Pereneses’ bed ... then the next photo, then the next ... and finally the last Perene daughter.
76) 0) text: Sina raises her head. Jake looks at her, his eyes filled hope.
76) 2) dialog: (weakly) I’m scared.
76) 41) dialog: You can’t ... accuse my uncle of murder ... you need proof.
76) 43) dialog: He used to ... work in his shed. Locked ever since. The faintest TAP-TAP-TAP ... a ghostly memory.
77) 5) dialog: Why? Jake crouches and puts his arms around her.
79) 0) text: The Tattooist emerges from the shadows at the end of the shed, his eyes fixed on Sina. EXT. GARDEN — NIGHT 135 Mr Va'a finds his feet, swings the machete sideways, backhanded, cracking Jake over the head. Jake reels and f on the grass. Va'a stands over him, swings the machete. Jake reaches fo piece of firewood, swings it up like a shield ... the mac whistles down — CHOCK! The blade sticks in the wood. Va’a rips the wood from Jake’s hands and shakes it from the bl He swings again. Jake rolls — THUNK! The blade sinks deep into the ground. Mr Va’a leans down to grasp the machete both hands. Jake scrambles away and races towards the house. INT. KITCHEN / LIVING ROOM — NIGHT 136 Jake slams the kitchen door shut. He locks it - SMASH! Th machete smashes through the glass. Mr Va’a reaches inside clawing for the lock. Jake scrambles into the living room, looking for ... The phone! He snatches up the receiver, reaches for the buttons as — SMASH! The machete cleaves the plastic in tw Jake jumps clear, picks up one of the dining chairs — SMA A blow from the machete shatters it, leaving Jake with a piece of wood.
81) 0) text: Sina looks up as the spirit stands over her. His eyes bla with malice. Weakly, she crawls towards the shed door. Th Tattooist raises his hammer — TAP-TAP-CLANG! Sina cries o in agony. A shadow fills the doorway — Alipati. His eyes move from to the excavated grave.
81) 2) dialog: Perenese ... take this to Mr Perenese. INT. KITCHEN / LIVING ROOM — NIGHT 139 Jake slams Mr Va’a against the wall.
87) 0) text: Jake bursts into the shed and looks around wildly. Signs struggle ... patches of black ink, splatters and a trail, leading to a dark corner. Jake steps closer. Sina huddles there, her breath ragged and erratic.
87) 29) dialog: (shakes her head, smiles) Not anymore. THE GRAFFITI on the fence is painted around, coloured, incorporated into a Pacific mural, beautified ... The bro window pane is replaced ... JAKE TATTOOS across Sina’s belly — an image wholly origin now — beautiful, vibrant, a tattoo of life. IN THE GARDEN, kids play while others rally around the Pereneses. Mrs Perenese sits in a garden chair, her dress brightly coloured, her smile wide. THE CEMETERY, where the mourners make their way towards t church. THE TATTOO completed, Sina smiles up at Jake. He puts his arms around her, kisses her, the images of their tattoos seeming to merge into a whole. Fading in, the sound of a RINGING TONE ... INT. JAKE’S BEDROOM - DAY 148 Jake sits on the edge of his bed, the phone to his ear, waiting as the phone on the other end continues to ring. Finally, a click as the connection is made.