29) 6) dialog: Victoria. Jake is taken aback to see graphic tattoos snaking out fr under her dress.
29) 7) dialog: Crash says you could be the next big thing.
29) 9) dialog: (points to Luke) Oh, Luke, my cousin. Sorry ... Do you mind if I watch? Check out your stuff? (CONTINUED)
29) 13) dialog: Aren’t you gonna use the book? Jake pulls on his latex gloves.
29) 18) dialog: Where have you been hiding?
29) 28) dialog: He’1l be there. A couple of the Bedlam employees smirk, watching the scen Self-conscious, Jake hands the invite back.
37) 0) text: Jake steps up to the bathroom door. Inside, someone splas in the shower. He hesitates a moment, then pushes the doo open. Victoria’s head is visible above the shower door, the res her body obscured. She YELPS in surprise.
37) 5) dialog: Only when I’m dirty. There’s Stoli in the freezer ... see if we can’t loosen you up a bit before we go.
37) 7) dialog: Luke’s party, remember? She sweeps past him. Jake watches helplessly. INT. JAKE’S APARTMENT - EVENING 54 Jake and Victoria sit on the couch, drinking vodka on ice Her cigarette trails smoke.
37) 8) dialog: What did you think, the island princess was just going to hand over the Samoan instruction book?
37) 10) dialog: Well, I think you can do better than a garage in Otara, Mr Tattooist Magazine.
37) 14) dialog: I find naked ambition such an attractive quality in a tattooist. Victoria takes off her top. Jake puts his hands on her wa moves them up towards her bra. She grabs his wrists.
37) 15) dialog: First things first.
38) 0) text: Jake's notebook, open on the bed to a sketch of a tribal design. A needle BUZZES. A line of tears runs from the co of Victoria’s eye towards her hair ... a soft MOAN escape her.
38) 2) dialog: What does it mean?
38) 5) dialog: What’s wrong?
39) 3) dialog: (whispers to Jake) Just play along, okay? Jake looks confused. Aunt Suzy and Uncle Ken glare at Victoria. One of the sausages catches fire.
39) 4) dialog: Hey, Aunt Suzy. She kisses her aunt on the cheek, deliberately leaving a smear of lipstick.
39) 6) dialog: This is my fiance, Jake — he’s one of the best tattooists in the world. Jake stares at Victoria, astonished. A hand appears, gripping his arm. Jake turns to see Luke, ashen faced, hollow-eyed and desperate. His long sleeved shirt is well buttoned, in contrast to the casual gear of friends.
39) 13) dialog: Did you see their faces? Jake watches her, unimpressed.
39) 14) dialog: Don’t tell me you’ve never done something just to piss your folks off.
40) 0) text: Jake strides down the path towards his car. Victoria foll him.
40) 1) dialog: Jake, wait up! Jake pauses, turns on her.
42) 0) text: Jake glares at Victoria.
42) 1) dialog: I thought you were up for it. That you wanted to have some fun.
42) 3) dialog: Then what do you want, Jake? Jake meets her gaze — the answer is obvious. Victoria nod
42) 4) dialog: Then maybe you should go tell her. OFFSCREEN, a girl SCREAMS. Victoria looks back in the direction of the sound.
42) 5) dialog: I gotta go. She turns and heads back up the path towards the house. J gets into his car and slams the door. EXT. SUBURBAN HOUSE — NIGHT 60 The water is now completely black. Luke stands alone in t middle of the pool. CHONK! With a jerk, he’s pulled under The kids begin to SCREAM.
43) 0) text: Aunt Suzy SHRIEKS suddenly and pulls away from Luke’s bod horrified — Victoria follows her gaze, gasps in horror — Under Luke’s wet shirt, vivid lines of black spider acros his chest. Samoan tatau! We move in towards the ragged li and shapes. 63 64 65 66 46. INT. JAKE’S BATHROOM - NIGHT 63 The sound of running water. Jake winces as he peels off t bandage. Blood and ink patter into the basin from his suppurating wound. He stares at his hollow-eyed reflection in the mirror, th looks down. For a moment, the inky water leaves spidery, geometric li of black on the white porcelain — the pattern of the pe’a before it’s washed away. Jake frowns ... did I just see t INT. JAKE’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 64 Jake falls back onto the bed, the hibiscus flower in his hand. Streetlights parade across the ceiling, merging and shift forming geometric shapes of light and shadow. Jake closes his eyes. The horns, booming subwoofers and h of the street give way to the TIC-TIC-TIC-TIC of the boil ... the TAP-TAP-TAP of tatau.
59) 1) dialog: Where have you been? Victoria is standing in the shadows at the end of the roo
59) 7) dialog: Luke’s dead.
59) 9) dialog: My aunt and uncle’s pool. In five feet of water ... in front of thirty people.
59) 11) dialog: It was a birthday present. I wanted him to be cool ... not dead.
59) 13) dialog: He was covered in tattoos. Tattoos that weren’t there two days ago. Jake frowns.
59) 14) dialog: They were all over him, Jake.
59) 16) dialog: Then who did them, Jake? Did he come back for more? Cause I’ve been thinking about it and thinking about it and I just can’t see how else this happened.
59) 18) dialog: My uncle’s calling the Health Department. He wants to press charges against Bedlam. (CONTINUED)
59) 27) dialog: Jake, did you hear what I said? They think it’s your fault.
59) 29) dialog: Who was that on the phone? Jake, I’m scared.
60) 0) text: Victoria steps into the bathroom and turns on the light. stares blankly at her wretched reflection in the mirror, looks down, steeling herself. She pulls up her top. Her eyes widen in horror. EXT. BLOCK OF FLATS — DAY 86 Jake slams his car door outside a large block of council flats in a tree-lined street. The windows make a ragged patchwork of curtains, washing and wall hangings. INT. STAIRWELL — DAY 87 Jake races up the dirty, glass walled stairwell. Reflecti of himself surround him, shifting and moving as he climbs INT. BLOCK OF FLATS — DAY 88 Jake emerges on an upper landing and searches the apartme doors. He stops at one. All the curtains are closed. Jake bangs on the door.
61) 4) dialog: It huuuurrrrrrttttts! Jake slams the car into gear and peels away.
62) 0) text: Jake's car pulls up with a squeal outside Accident and Emergency. He jumps out, throws open the back door and li out Victoria.
63) 0) text: Jake carries Victoria through the doors. The sheet is twi around Victoria's body and sodden with blooms of black in line of ink drips onto the gleaming lino.
64) 0) text: BANG! Led by Dr Faleauto, a posse of doctors and nurses b through double doors into the emergency area. Victoria writhes on a gurney, ink already soaking into the mattres The gurney leaves a trail of black ink across the floor. follows the grisly caravan.
64) 4) dialog: Ask ... him... (CONTINUED)
64) 8) dialog: Jake ...
64) 10) dialog: What happened to Luke ... not you -.. him. Her eyes roll back, eyelids fluttering. The doctors push aside.