9) 9) dialog: Christ, I thought they were going to kill you. Christopher PULLS Alan from the floorboard coffin and the
10) 2) dialog: They’re getting worse.
10) 4) dialog: No. They beat you up because you’re different. So you'll have to try a little harder to blend in.
10) 6) dialog: And she’s right. Alan STUMBLES and Christopher grabs his hand, steadying h
10) 7) dialog: But you know, sometimes it is the very people who no one imagines anything of who do the things that no one can imagine.
37) 0) text: Young Alan and Christopher sit under a tree, the school i the distance. Alan is going through a crossword puzzle, Christopher is reading a book. Their legs are touching affectionately without either even knowing, like two people who are effortlessly comfortable with one another.
37) 2) dialog: It’s about cryptography.
37) 4) dialog: It’s complicated. You wouldn’t understand. 40.
37) 6) dialog: Cryptography is the science of codes.
37) 8) dialog: Not secret. That’s the brilliant part. Messages that anyone can see, but no one knows what they mean, unless you have the key.
37) 10) dialog: Talking?
37) 12) dialog: (handing him the book) Alan, I have a funny feeling that you're going to be very good at this.
38) 0) text: Christopher walks Young Alan back to his dormitory. They’ happy after a long day together.
38) 1) dialog: Goodnight, Alan. Christopher touches Alan’s shoulder, and the two share a sweet moment.
55) 0) text: Young Alan and Christopher are in math class. 60. The TEACHER drones on as the students pretend to pay attention. Young Alan and Christopher PASS NOTES — — Dropping them by each other’s desks — -— And snapping them up quickly.
56) 0) text: Now alone, Alan DECRYPTS THE MESSAGE. One at a time, the letters become intelligible. ON THE NOTE: “SEE YOU IN TWO LONG WEEKS, DEAREST FRIEND.” ON ALAN: Christopher called him his dearest friend.
58) 0) text: Alan and the team (Hugh, John, Peter) stand in a half-cir around the now-completed Christopher. 62. An ELECTRICAL ASSISTANT feeds fresh Enigma messages into end of the machine. The men look at each other, feeling the importance of the moment.
64) 0) text: Alan waits eagerly by the main gate as BOYS STREAM PAST — — Joking, horsing around — — Alan waits patiently, looking for Christopher’s face am the rowdy schoolboys — 75. — Until: They’re all gone. Christopher never shows. Alan looks at his undelivered note, then at the empty yar before him. Where is Christopher? Confused, Young Alan finally gives up... ++. When he runs into the PACK OF BOYS who beat him up earlier.
81) 0) text: — In Hut 11, the WREN gives the day’s first messages to H who enters them into Christopher —
103) 0) text: Young Alan sits under the tree where Christopher first ta him about cryptography. He’s holding the book that Christopher gave him. He starts to cry. He’s alone now, and he will be for a ve long time.