5) 0) text: Alan arrives at the imposing front gates of Bletchley Par An enormous Victorian mansion lies in the center of the grounds, surrounded by empty gardens and tall iron fences As Alan approaches, two NAVAL OFFICERS with MACHINE GUNS out from behind the BARRICADES. Whatever this place is, it’s housing something very secre inside. INT. BLETCHLEY PARK - COMMANDER DENNISTON’S OFFICE - LATE A few minutes later, Alan sits alone in a cluttered offic He stares ahead blankly at the empty chair behind the des Waits.
5) 1) dialog: — What are you doing here? Alan turns with a start.
5) 3) dialog: In my office? She tell you to help yourself to a cup of tea while you were here?
5) 5) dialog: She didn’t tell you what a joke is then either, I gather.
5) 9) dialog: (looking at papers on his desk) Turing... Let me see... Oh, Turing. The mathematician.
5) 11) dialog: How ever could I have guessed?
5) 13) dialog: ++. King’s College, Cambridge. Says here you were a bit of a prodigy in the maths department.
5) 15) dialog: How old are you, Mr. Turing?
5) 18) dialog: How old were you when you became a fellow at Cambridge?
5) 21) dialog: And how old were you when you published this paper here, that has a title I can barely understand, which apparently got you this fellowship?
5) 25) dialog: And you don’t think that qualifies you as a certified prodigy?
5) 27) dialog: And how old were they?
5) 29) dialog: You're serious, aren’t you?
5) 31) dialog: Not sure you know what those are.
5) 33) dialog: Commander Denniston, of the Royal Navy. All right, Mr. Turing, I’1l bite. Why do you want to work for His Majesty’s government?
5) 35) dialog: (suspicious) Are you a bleeding pacifist, Turing?
5) 37) dialog: But you realize that 600 miles from London there’s this nasty chap named Hitler who’s looking to engulf Europe in tyranny? 11.
5) 39) dialog: I believe you’ve just set a record for the shortest job interview in British military history.
5) 41) dialog: You're the best mathematician in the world?
5) 43) dialog: ++. Do you know how many people I've rejected for this program?
5) 45) dialog: That’s right. Because we’re a top secret program. But I’1ll tell you, just because we’re friends, that last week I rejected one of our great nation’s top linguists, knows German better than Bertolt Brecht.
5) 47) dialog: What?
5) 49) dialog: How the bloody hell are you supposed to decrypt German communications if you don’t, oh, I don’t know, speak German?
5) 51) dialog: (calling off)
5) 54) dialog: MARGARET! Where are you?!
5) 56) dialog: 
5) 60) dialog: Have a pleasant trip back to Cambridge, Professor.
5) 64) dialog: What makes you think that?
5) 68) dialog: Enigma isn’t difficult. It’s impossible. The Americans. The French. The Russians. The Germans. Everyone thinks Enigma is unbreakable.
6) 1) dialog: Welcome to Enigma. SLOWLY REVEAL: COMMANDER DENNISTON, 50s, is showing the ENIGMA MACHINE to the NEW RECRUITS. They are: HUGH ALEXANDER, 30s, loves women and chess in equal measu JOHN CAIRNCROSS, 30s, Scottish, not the prodigy his compatriots are and knows it. PETER HILTON, 20s, a precocious undergrad from Oxford. KEITH FURMAN and CHARLES RICHARDS, 40s, both stodgy linguists. 14. Stewart Menzies — head of MI-6, who we briefly glimpsed i the opening — stands in the corner, silent and observing. Charming and inscrutable, he didn’t become the head of British Secret Intelligence Services by accident.
6) 2) dialog: The German navy encodes every message they send using the Enigma machine. The details of every surprise attack, of every secret convoy, of every U-Boat in the bloody Atlantic go into that thing, and out comes... Gibberish. FINALLY REVEAL: ... Alan stands with them, staring at the machine like it’s the Sistine Chapel. He reaches out and touches it lovingly.
6) 4) dialog: It’s the crooked hand of death itself. Denniston shows Alan sheets of Enigma messages: PAGE AFTE PAGE OF RANDOM LETTERS.
6) 5) dialog: Our WRENs intercept thousands of radio messages a day. But to the lovely young ladies of the Women’s Royal Navy, they’re nonsense. It’s only when you feed them back into Enigma that they make sense.
6) 7) dialog: Yes. Polish intelligence smuggled this out of Berlin.
6) 10) dialog: Very good, Mr. Turing. To decode a message, you need to know the machine’s settings. The Germans switch settings every day, promptly at midnight. We usually intercept our first message around 6am. Which gives you exactly 18 hours every day to crack the code before it changes, and you start again. Alan looks at the machine carefully.
6) 19) dialog: ++. Very good.
6) 21) dialog: Gentlemen, meet Hugh Alexander. I’ve personally selected him to run this unit.
6) 23) dialog: Mr. Alexander won Britain's national chess championship.
6) 26) dialog: (to Alan) You’re not the only one who’s good at games around here.
6) 28) dialog: You're a team, and you’ll work as one.
6) 31) dialog: This is Stuart Menzies. MI-6. The team ACKNOWLEDGES Menzies.
25) 0) text: Alan walks through the camp brandishing a PIECE OF PAPER. He’s a fish out of water amidst all of the MILITARY MEN moving supplies around him. He finds what he’s looking for: Commander Denniston stands before a SUPPLY TRUCK, checkin the manifest as supplies are UNLOADED.
25) 2) dialog: Turing. If you’d like to discuss the complaint, I’d suggest making a proper appointment with my office.
25) 4) dialog: Your fellow codebreakers are refusing to work with you. They’ve filed a formal complaint.
25) 6) dialog: If you don’t respond to the complaint, I’ll have to take it up with the Home Office.
25) 8) dialog: A hundred thousand — Why are you building a machine?
25) 10) dialog: I suggest you make an effort to try.
25) 12) dialog: .».. Hugh Alexander is in charge of your unit and if he’s said no, that’s that.
25) 14) dialog: — Have you ever won a war before, Turing? I have. Do you know how it’s done? Order. Discipline. Chain of command. You’re not at University any longer. You are a very small cog in a very large system and you’ll do as your commanding officer instructs.
25) 16) dialog: Winston Churchill. 10 Downing Street, London. You have a problem with my decision you can take it up with him. And with that, Denniston walks away, furious. ON ALAN: Well alright, if you say so...
26) 8) dialog: Though I hate to say it... Yes.
26) 15) dialog: (furious) I did no such thing.
51) 4) dialog: Thank goodness. Be a pity if we were searching the wrong one. Alan turns to find Denniston directing the search.
51) 6) dialog: There’s a spy at Bletchley Park.
51) 9) dialog: Our boys intercepted this on its way to Moscow. Look familiar? Denniston hands Alan a TELEGRAM — it’s a LONG STRING OF LETTERS, running down the entire page.
51) 11) dialog: Double agents are such bastards. Isolated loners. No attachments to friends or family. Arrogant. Think they’re smart enough to get away with anything. Do you know anyone like that?
51) 14) dialog: Well then. Next time, you will make a mistake. And then, I don’t even need to bother firing you — I can simply hang you for treason. Denniston and his men LEAVE.
59) 0) text: Dawn rises over Bletchley Park. INT. BLETCHLEY PARK - DENNISTON’S OFFICE - MORNING Commander Denniston receives a visit from the Electrical Assistant who'd been helping Alan in the previous scene.
59) 2) dialog: And there’s no result in sight? 63. The Assistant NODS. Denniston SMILES: Got him.
60) 0) text: As the machine CLACKS away, Alan is frantically going ove his papers. He’s unshaven, wearing yesterday’s clothes. H hasn’t gotten a wink of sleep. ON ALAN’S FRANTIC PACING: Why isn’t it working? Why?! Alan rubs his eyes, exhausted, and as he does so he looks the window to see... .».. Commander Denniston walking towards the Machine Hut, accompanied by a HOME OFFICE MAN and TWO RMPs. Alan quickly runs to the door and BOLTS it — — Just as Denniston and the men get to it from the outsid
60) 2) dialog: Turing! Open the bloody door!
60) 6) dialog: Open the door or we will break it down!!
60) 10) dialog: (re: the horrible noise) Turn that thing off. An RMP walks over to Christopher — -— Alan tries to stop him but they POINT GUNS AT HIM — -— And so Alan watches in absolute horror as they TURN OF MACHINE.
60) 11) dialog: Well then. It seems your great big expensive machine doesn’t work.
60) 13) dialog: Wonderful. So you’ve broken Enigma then?
60) 15) dialog: This is my associate from the Home Office. A hundred thousand pounds is quite a lot of money. He’s here to see what you have to show for it.
60) 17) dialog: Have you decrypted any German messages? A single one? Can you point to anything at all that you've achieved? ON ALAN: He can’t.
60) 18) dialog: Your funding is up, and our patience has expired. It is with such great pleasure that I finally get to say this: Alan Turing, you're fired. 65. ON ALAN: What can he do? This is it...
60) 19) dialog: Please escort Mr. Turing from the premises.
60) 21) dialog: Pardon?
60) 23) dialog: What on earth are you saying?
60) 25) dialog: You must be joking.
60) 29) dialog: ++. One month. And then so help me God you are all gone. 66. Denniston and his men LEAVE. The team breathes a sigh of relief: They’ve been given a temporary reprieve.
84) 0) text: Flash to the first scene where Alan met his new team afte arriving at Bletchley. Commander Denniston explains how Enigma works, while Menzies stands in the corner, observi Menzies keeps a special eye on Cairncross as Alan and Hug compete over who knows more about cryptography.