2) 0) text: — Until it’s finally deposited on the desk of STEWART MENZIES, the Director of MI-6. British Secret Intelligenc Services.
6) 30) dialog: (piping up from the corner) -— If you can’t play together, then I’m afraid we can’t let you play at all. They all stare at him.
6) 33) dialog: Exactly. That’s the spirit. (to Alan) Mr. Turing. Do you know how many British servicemen have died because of Enigma?
6) 35) dialog: Three. They all stare at Menzies: That doesn’t sound like very m
6) 36) dialog: ».. While we've been having this conversation. (checks his watch) Oh look. There’s another. Rather hope he didn’t have a family. This war that Commander Denniston’s been going on about? We’re not winning it. Break the code and at least we might have a chance. (to Denniston) Shall we leave the children alone with their new toy? Menzies and Commander Denniston LEAVE. The team stands there. With Enigma.
26) 0) text: Stewart Menzies walks out of the Bletchley’s MAIN GATE, through security, when’s he’s approached by:
26) 2) dialog: Possibly. 32.
26) 16) dialog: But Churchill did. Denniston looks at Menzies, stewing, but Menzies back: “What would you have me do?”
26) 19) dialog: (to Alan) ++. Popular at school, were you?
34) 0) text: Alan and Stewart Menzies talk in the hallway, outside a closed door.
34) 1) dialog: Who are they?
34) 3) dialog: And you think they’re qualified for Bletchley because they’re good at crossword puzzles?
35) 0) text: Alan and Stewart Menzies are in an MI-6 conference room. been set up like a class room: Rows of identical desks, a which sit a COLLECTION OF CROSSWORD ENTHUSIASTS. There ar around 20, all men. Just then, 36.
35) 26) dialog: (whispering to Alan) Six minutes? Is that even possible?
35) 31) dialog: (to Alan) Seems like some people approach it by simply doing the impossible.
36) 1) dialog: Congratulations, and my warmest welcome to His Majesty’s service. If you speak a word of anything I’m about to show you, you’ll be executed for High Treason. You will lie to your friends, your family, everyone you meet about what it is you really do.
78) 0) text: In a quiet TEA SHOP, Alan, Joan, and Stewart Menzies sip their Twinings. Outside the GLASS WINDOWS, NURSES help WOUNDED SOLDIERS out of an AMBULANCE and into a local HOSPITAL.
78) 1) dialog: Why are you telling me this?
78) 3) dialog: Who is in the process of having you fired.
78) 6) dialog: You’re going to trust this all to statistics? To maths?
78) 13) dialog: Maintain a conspiracy of lies through the highest levels of our government? Yes, that sounds right up my alley. ON ALAN AND JOAN: Okay. Let’s do it.
78) 14) dialog: (smiling) Alan, I so rarely have cause to say this. But you are exactly the man I always hoped you would be.
83) 3) dialog: Military prison.
83) 5) dialog: (holding up papers) Decoded Enigma intercepts. A stack of them under her nightstand. ON ALAN: Fuck.
83) 7) dialog: — Yes yes yes, I’m sure. But Denniston has been looking for a Soviet spy, and he’s been looking for one inside Hut 8.
83) 9) dialog: +++ God, how I wish you’d been the spy. You’re so much better at this than he is.
83) 11) dialog: Well of course Cairncross was the bloody spy. (MORE )
83) 13) dialog: I’ve known that since before he got to Bletchley. Why do you think I had him placed here?
84) 1) dialog: You said yourself he was a piss- poor mathematician.
84) 4) dialog: It’s quite useful to be able to leak whatever we like to Stalin.
85) 1) dialog: Churchill is too damned paranoid. He won’t share a shred of intelligence with the Soviets.
86) 1) dialog: Even information that will help them against the Germans. So much secrecy...
87) 1) dialog: Cairncross has no idea we know, of course. Really not the brightest bulb. Cairncross WALKS AWAY into the night. After he leaves, two MI-6 AGENTS come and UNLOCK THE MAIL — Removing his FOLDER — — The Agents take SOME MESSAGES OUT, and put other NEW ON BACK IN — — Before re-sealing the folder and putting it back in the mailbox — — And RE-LOCKING the mailbox lid.
87) 3) dialog: That’s why I’ll need your help now to work out what to leak to John. What to feed the Soviets, as well as the British. ON ALAN: Flustered. Terrified.
87) 5) dialog: I know a lot of spies, Alan. You’re holding on to more secrets than the best of them. Menzies holds up the stolen decrypts. The threat is palpa
87) 7) dialog: She’s at the market. She’ll be back in an hour. I lied. (puts the decrypts into his pocket) I'd better hold on to these. If anyone finds out about them, prison will be the least of her worries. ON ALAN: What choice does he have? He looks down.
87) 8) dialog: Oh Alan. We’re going to have such a wonderful war together.
100) 0) text: Alan and his team are assembled before Stewart Menzies.
100) 2) dialog: Yes. You’ve only one thing left to do before your service to your government is concluded.
100) 4) dialog: Burn everything.
100) 6) dialog: We told you when you started that this was a top secret program. Did you think we were joking?
100) 9) dialog: (with a smile at Alan) Alright. Tear it down, light it up, sweep away the ashes. None of you have ever met before. None of you have ever even heard the word Enigma. Have a safe trip home. (MORE )
100) 11) dialog: Behave, and with a bit of luck none of you will ever see me — or one another — again in your lives.