8) 0) text: ADAM MEEKS, in his late twenties, sits at a small desk in the far corner of the living room with his eyes closed. T song plays on an old record player. He hums along with it On the desk is an old typewriter, a gun, and two stacks o paper. In one hand Adam holds a half empty bottle of Jim Beam, and in his-other hand is a picture. It is a faded color photograph of a man, DAD, and two boys, FENTON AGE TWELVE and ADAM AGE NINE. He opens his eyes and sings to for a moment and then suddenly throws it to the floor. (CONTINUED)
9) 2) dialog: Demons are taking over the world.
9) 3) dialog: 
9) 5) dialog: I can't take it anymore Fenton. I can't destroy them all. They're everywhere.
9) 7) dialog: There's nothing to talk about. Whatever happens, you have to take i me to the rose garden. You promised. i Remember? |
10) 0) text: Adam goes back to his desk and sits down. He drinks the rest of the bottle and picks up the gun, holds it to his head for a moment, and then pulls the trigger. A WOMAN le out a startled cry from down the hall. The song ends.
12) 0) text: Adam's corpse is laying half in the chair and half on the floor. Adam's GIRLFRIEND is on her knees, holding onto hi crying. A police officer, HENDERSON, is kneeling beside her, trying to coax her away from Adam's body.
13) 0) text: Fenton drives down Adam's street. He sees the ambulance a police cars in front of Adam's house. He turns off his li and parks down the street. He sees the Girlfriend on the porch, crying, and the paramedics loading the stretcher i the ambulance. He punches his steering wheel.
18) 0) text: Hubert is looking at the Girlfriend's breasts. It's the same scene as before except Henderson and Matt aren't the He walks up to her, pulls her up from Adam's corpse, and kisses her, grabbing one of her breasts.
35) 0) text: It is a beautiful, sunny day. The townspeople go slowly about their business, nodding or waving at one another as they pass. A little yellow school bus goes down the stree and pulls over. Children burst out of the bus door. Two boys, ADAM AGE NINE and FENTON AGE TWELVE, break away fro the rest of the children and walk away from the town. The resemblance between them is apparent, though Fenton is ta
35) 1) dialog: (sings) I got the joy joy joy joy down in my heart! He looks to Fenton and frowns.
35) 2) dialog: You're supposed to say where.
35) 10) dialog: You don't have to sing. Just say where.
35) 14) dialog: Not now! I'll point to you when it's time. (sings) I got the joy, joy, joy, joy down in my heart! (points)
35) 16) dialog: (smiles) Down in my heart! (points again)
35) 21) dialog: No! You're supposed to say ouch now! I'll start again. I got the... They turn down a road with a big banner hanging across it that reads, "Tyler Rose Garden”.
37) 0) text: Adam sits on the floor in the living room watching Banana Splits on television.
38) 0) text: Adam, Fenton, and Dad all sit around the kitchen table, putting food on their plates from various bowls and plate Adam piles peas on his plate.
38) 8) dialog: I love peas!
39) 0) text: There are two single beds with a little nightstand betwee them. On Adam's side of the room there is a Pete's Dragon poster and a toy box. There is a Farah Fawcett poster and one of the Dallas Cowboy's 1978 team on Fenton's side. Ad is already laying in his bed, playing with a couple of St Wars figures. Fenton changes into his bed clothes.
39) 1) dialog: Hey Fenton, can we go see Meatballs after school tomorrow? (CONTINUED)
39) 6) dialog: I want to see it again.
39) 8) dialog: We can't. It's rated R. Dad comes in.
39) 12) dialog: I did brush them! Dad opens his eyes and laughs. He lifts up and puts an ar around Adam.
39) 19) dialog: No I don’t. You do.
39) 22) dialog: Don't let the bed bugs bite!
39) 24) dialog: Love you too.
39) 27) dialog: I want to see Meatballs.
39) 29) dialog: (whines) But I don't like to watch movies by myself.
39) 31) dialog: Please. (CONTINUED)
39) 32) text: Adam
40) 2) dialog: Dad?
42) 0) text: Fenton and Adam sit on the bed staring at Dad with a mixt of disbelief and awe.
42) 4) dialog: I'm scared Dad.
42) 7) dialog: ' So we're like super-heroes?
42) 11) dialog: So what are our super-powers?
42) 14) dialog: Magical weapons!?
43) 9) dialog: What's wrong with you? Fenton snaps out of it.
44) 0) text: Dad is driving with Adam-next to him-and Fenton next to t window. The boys eat toast as Dad drives. Patsy Cline's Walking After Midnight Plays softly on the radio.
44) 6) dialog: We won't Dad. Bye! He shuts the door and Dad drives away. Adam walks off tow the school, leaving Fenton standing in a daze.
46) 0) text: Fenton is in the kitchen preparing dinner. Adam sits at t table, drawing with crayons.
48) 0) text: Dad walks up the dirt path around the house and sees a pi of rotted wood. There stuck in the middle of one of the logs is an axe with a pair of old work gloves next to it. The light shines on them from the heavens above. “BACK TO SCENE: INT. HOUSE -- EVENING Dad and Adam smile excitedly at one another. Adam reaches out and touches the axe blade in awe.
50) 0) text: Fenton and Adam sit on the couch, watching Mork and Mindy television. Dad comes in with a piece of lead pipe and gestures with it.
50) 6) dialog: Yeaaa!! Fenton just stares at the television without emotion.
55) 0) text: Dad is laying in his recliner, reading a book. Adam is la in front of the television watching The Love Boat. Fenton comes in, carrying a bible. Dad looks up at him. Fenton opens the bible and reads.
55) 12) dialog: Does that mean we don't have to go to church anymore?
55) 14) dialog: Yeaaa! Fenton looks disappointed, but doesn't say anything.
58) 8) dialog: Hey Dad look. I got a list too. He hands it to Dad, who looks at it. There are seven name written on it in crayon. The first name is Billy Dobbs.
58) 10) dialog: (proudly) God gave it to me.
58) 12) dialog: (nods) He's a demon. Dad looks up at him.
58) 14) dialog: No, God...
58) 21) dialog: I'm sorry Dad.
60) 0) text: It is dark outside. Fenton and Adam sit at the kitchen ta finishing dinner. There is an empty plate at the table. (CONTINUED)
61) 0) text: Adam lays in his bed. Fenton turns off the light and gets into his bed. Adam lifts up and looks over at Fenton.
61) 1) dialog: When's Dad coming home?
61) 3) dialog: You think he's destroying a demon?
61) 6) dialog: No it's not, it's...
61) 8) dialog: No he didn't.
61) 15) text: : Adam, have I ever lied to you? Adam thinks about this for a moment and then shakes his h
61) 17) dialog: But why would he make it up?
61) 19) dialog: You mean run away?
61) 21) dialog: I don't want to leave Dad.
61) 23) dialog: Why? Fenton stares at the ceiling.
62) 0) text: Adam and Fenton are both asleep. Headlights from the wind wash the room with light for a moment and then disappear. Fenton wakes up. Outside an engine IDLES for a moment and then shuts off. A truck door OPENS and then SHUTS. Fenton gets up and goes to the window. He sees Dad's silhouette, carrying something over his shoulder toward the house.
63) 3) dialog: Dad? Dad and Fenton turn and look at Adam who is standing in t hallway in his pajamas rubbing his eyes. Adam sees the wo
63) 4) dialog: Who's that?
69) 0) text: Dad comes out of the backdoor carrying the woman over his shoulder, with Adam right behind him. Fenton follows afte them reluctantly.
70) 9) text: Dad pulls off his gloves and takes down the axe from the shelf. Fenton looks terrified. Adam looks mostly curious.
74) 0) text: They are in the back of the garden, away from the garden proper. Dad digs a hole near a lone rosebush while Adam sits on the ground, holding the flashlight for him. There are three holes in the ground, forming a circle, and thre black trash bags laying on the ground. Fenton sits next t Adam, staring at the bags, crying. Dad finishes the last hole and picks up one of the trash bags. Adam gets up and picks up one too. He throws the bag inside one of the hol
74) 3) dialog: Why out here? (CONFINUED)
74) 9) dialog: I saw it Dad. Dad smiles and winks at him and he smiles back.
79) 0) text: Fenton and Adam sit in the living room watching Good Time on television. Adam laughs at the television, but Fenton just sits staring at it, lost in thought.
80) 0) text: Fenton and Adam swim in the water with the other CHILDREN
81) 0) text: Adam and Fenton play basketball with a group of BOYS.
83) 0) text: Fenton and Adam sit on the bank, skipping rocks on the wa Fenton lays back on the ground and looks up at the clouds
84) 0) text: The sun is going down. Fenton, Adam, and another boy Fent age, ERIC, walk away from the court to the sidewalk.
84) 3) dialog: I like Boss Hogg. He's funny. Fenton and Eric pointedly ignore him. (CONTINUED)
84) 10) dialog: Om! You said...
84) 18) dialog: What's wrap mean? Fenton looks at his little brother and laughs.
85) 0) text: Fenton and Adam laugh as they run down’ the road by the R Garden. Adam turns into the drive of the Garden, and Fent stops running and stays on the road. Adam notices that Fe has stopped running.
85) 1) dialog: Come on! Fenton looks at the entrance to the Garden wearily. (CONTINUED)
86) 0) text: Fenton and Adam walk up the road in front of their house, looking inquisitively at the new white Chevy Van parked i the driveway. The lights in the house are on.
87) 0) text: Fenton and Adam walk into the house.
87) 1) dialog: Dad!
88) 0) text: Dad. sits at the kitchen table with a notepad and few phonebooks in front of him. He flips through one of the phonebooks. Adam comes in, followed by Fenton.
88) 1) dialog: Who's van is that? Fenton sees the phonebooks, and then the notepad with sev names written on it, one of them crossed out. He looks at Dad with absolute horror. Dad looks up and smiles.
90) 3) text: Charlie's Angels t-shirt, and Adam sits in the back drinking a Dr. Pepper. Aman in his late thirties, EDWARD MAXS, comes out of the
92) 0) text: Dad, Adam, Adam nods.
92) 2) dialog: What do we do now Dad?
92) 9) dialog: I can do it Dad. Dad smiles at him in the rearview mirror.
93) 0) text: Dad reads a book. Adam plays with his Star Wars figures i the back of the van. Fenton just stares at the mall entra FENTON (V.0.) ¢ I know Dad's abductions may seem really simple, but those were simpler times. Nowadays you'd have to concoct some elaborate scheme to abduct someone. People expect psychos around every corner now. But back then they didn't expect it as much. Of course according to Dad nothing, not even a camera, could catch us anyway. We were invisible when we were God's Hands.
95) 2) text: Adam sits up and looks excitedly.
96) 6) text: bs. CONTINUED: bo. Edward bends down to him, revealing Dad behind him with t lead pipe raised. Fenton closes his eyes tight as Dad bri the pipe down on Edward's head. Edward crumples to the ground, falling on Fenton. The van door rolls open, revea Adam, who hoots in delight at what he sees.
96) 7) dialog: You got him! You got him! Dad grabs hold of Edward's legs and pulls him off of Fent
97) 0) text: Dad drives along in silence. Fenton's crying has tapered off, but hasn't completely stopped. Adam wraps Edward's hands together with an enormous amount of duct tape as he lays unconscious on the floorboard in the back. His feet are already taped together with an even thicker wad of ta Dad looks back at Adam in the rearview mirror.
97) 2) dialog: You sure? What if he gets loose?
97) 10) dialog: Just one more to make sure it'll hold.
97) 13) dialog: (disappointed) You're welcome. Dad smiles in the rearview mirror at him, and puts the ta on the dashboard.
99) 0) text: Adam and Fenton dig holes while Dad sits on the ground, smoking and watching Fenton.
99) 8) dialog: What do you mean?
99) 10) dialog: I don't want to run away.
99) 12) dialog: No he's not. He's a demon slayer.
99) 14) dialog: No it's not. I see it when he touches them. Fenton looks angrily at his brother.
99) 16) dialog: Nuh-uh! We're serving God's will! I'm gonna tell Dad on you. Fenton charges at Adam who drops his empty bag and runs o toward the house. The wind catches the empty bag and blow it into a rose bush where it snags on the thorns. Fenton falls to his knees and cries as Adam runs off. Blood drip from the empty bag onto a rose.
104) 1) dialog: Hey Fenton. Fenton keeps digging, lost in thought.
104) 2) dialog: Fenton! Fenton stops and looks up at his brother. He is holding a big plastic cup of water. He extends it to Fenton. Fenton takes it and gulps half of it down. Adam looks at the hol
104) 3) dialog: How big does it have to be?
104) 7) dialog: (eyes wide) That's huge.
104) 8) text: Fenton puts the cup down and starts to shovel again. Adam watches him for a moment.
104) 9) dialog: I'm sorry I told on you. He stops digging and looks at Adam.
104) 11) dialog: No.
104) 13) dialog: (shakes his head) There's no reason to go.
104) 15) dialog: No, he's not. Why can't you just believe? Dad said we could both help you dig the hole if you did.
104) 17) dialog: I've been praying for you. He digs faster, his anger mounting.
104) 18) dialog: Have you been praying?
104) 20) dialog: But Dad said that... (CONTINUED)
104) 25) dialog: But maybe if we both pray God will show you the truth like he did for me and Dad. Fenton stops digging and looks sharply at him.
104) 29) dialog: But there's another shovel in the...
107) 2) text: CONTINUED: We The sound of the television playing and Dad and Adam laug is heard in the background. He turns on the faucet in the sink, wincing at the pain. His hands are a bloody mess of popped blisters. He puts them under the water and cries o softly.
113) 0) text: The van is parked way up in the driveway near the backyar The side door of the van is open and there are stacks of wood inside of it. Adam and Fenton take wood from the van to the backyard where Dad is in the hole, using a hoe to smooth out the ground. They stack the wood next to the ho (CONTINUED)
114) 0) text: There is the beginnings of a wooden cellar in the hole. Dad, Adam, and Fenton hammer away.
116) 0) text: There is a lantern, but it is still somewhat dark. Fenton and Adam help Dad build a stairway that leads up to the t of the hole to an opened hatch where sunlight floods in.
117) 0) text: Fenton and Adam and Dad stand on the ground, shoveling di onto the cellar, covering it up.
119) 0) text: The cellar is completely covered up with packed dirt, exc for the hatch. Fenton and Adam come in and out of the she taking things out of it, and putting them in the yard. Da packs the dirt some more with the back of a shovel.
121) 0) text: Adam and Fenton and Dad put stuff back in the shed. Dad looks around, satisfied.
122) 0) text: Fenton and Adam sit in the living room watching Happy Day on television. Dad's van is heard pulling up in the drive Adam jumps up and runs to the front door to greet him, bu Fenton doesn't move.
122) 3) dialog: Watching tv.
123) 0) text: Dad puts the teenager down on the floor. Adam holds the lantern, looking at him curiously. The teenager looks bac at Adam and seems to calm down a little. Fenton hangs bac on the steps. Dad notices hin.
123) 5) dialog: I'll do it Dad. He looks at Adam and then at the teenager.
133) 0) text: Fenton digs a hole as Dad sits on the ground, wiping tear from his eyes. Smalls' body lays on the ground a few feet away from Dad. Adam also digs a hole a little further away from them. Be Adam there are three black trashbags. He finishes his fir hole, dumps the contents of one of the trashbags into it, and then starts to dig another hole. Fenton finishes his hole, sticks his shovel in the ground and looks at Dad who is still crying, though silently. Da notices Fenton, and looks away.
133) 10) dialog: (cries) Dad don't!
133) 17) dialog: It's alright Dad. Don't cry. co Fenton gets up and pushes Smalls' body into the hole. iu looks at Fenton and frowns. Fenton starts to cover him with dirt.
134) 0) text: Fenton walks across the road from the garden, carrying hi shovel. Dad and Adam follow behind him. The patrol car is still parked in front of the house. Fenton reaches the ho before them, and starts to climb the porch steps. Dad loo at the patrol car and sighs.
134) 4) text: Adam smiles weakly at Dad.
134) 5) dialog: It was easy. (to Fenton) I destroyed a demon.
137) 0) text: Adam opens the shed door and comes in carrying a big cup. He goes to the hatch door, puts the cup on it, and gets o his hands and knees beside it.
137) 1) dialog: (to the hatch) Fenton?
138) 1) dialog: Fenton? He stirs and looks up.
138) 2) dialog: Fenton? You alright? Fenton moves closer to the hatch and tries to see through the cracks, but can't.
138) 4) dialog: I can't.
138) 5) dialog: 
138) 7) dialog: Dad says you have to stay down there until God shows you the truth.
138) 9) dialog: Dad won't let me feed you. He-says it'll help you find God. He called it fasting. I brought you some water though. He said you can have a cup a day, but I'll bring more if I can. (CONTINUED)
138) 12) text: “ I can't. Adam picks up the cup.
138) 13) dialog: Put your mouth by the crack. Here. He pours a little water on the crack. The water trickles down it and into the cellar. Fenton puts his mouth by it.
138) 14) dialog: You ready? Here. He pours more of the water into the crack. Fenton drinks from the trickle, and let's it wet his face. “ADAM (CONT'D) You want some more or you want me to save it for later?
138) 19) dialog: I've been praying for you Fenton. We both have. Dad says that you'll probably be out of there by the end of the week. You just have to accept God's will. :
138) 21) text: CONTINUED: Ye He beats on the hatch door and Adam backs up from it, tea forming in his eyes.
138) 22) dialog: I can't. I'm sorry. He walks away from the hatch door. Fenton hears him walki out and beats harder.
139) 0) text: The rain beats down on the car. Doyle drives as Fenton si in the backseat. FENTON . The days came and went. I counted them by the cracks of light in the hatch door, and Adam's visits with water. My fear never lessened. I even pissed and shit myself because ' I was too afraid to leave my little spot by the stairs.
140) 8) text: Oh thank you God. Thank you. Adam jumps up and down with excitement, clapping his hand
141) 0) text: Fenton, now cleaned up and in fresh clothes, sits at the kitchen table eating a plate of food. Dad and Adam watch him as he devours the food.
141) 2) dialog: (excited) . So did God tell you about the demons? Fenton nods with his mouthful. Dad smiles proudly.
141) 5) dialog: What'd God look like?
141) 7) dialog: Was he big?
141) 9) dialog: But I want to know. (CONTINUED)
141) 13) dialog: (pouting) It's not fair. All I've seen are angels and he gets to see God.
141) 16) dialog: So we gonna go get us a demon now?
142) 0) text: Dad drives. A ballgame plays softly on the radio. Fenton sits in the passenger seat, looking at a map. Adam sits i the back.
144) 9) dialog: I want to go, too.
147) 0) text: Dad drives down the highway. Fenton sits in the passenger seat staring out the window. Adam is in the back taping Brad's hands and legs. He finishes and slaps an extra pie of tape over his mouth.
147) 1) dialog: All done. Dad turns to look and winces. Fenton notices.
147) 3) dialog: Yep. (CONTINUED)
148) 0) text: The van pulls up in the driveway. Fenton gets out and ope the side door. Adam is asleep, but Brad is awake. He look right at Fenton. Dad comes around the side of the van and sees that Brad is awake. He puts on his gloves.
149) 8) text: toh CONTINUED: . Fenton opens his eyes and sees Adam on the floor, cradlin Dad's limp head, crying. Adam sees Fenton looking at him.
149) 9) dialog: (crying) You killed him! You killed Dad! He's dead! He's deeeeeaaaad! He cries uncontrollably as Fenton watches him without emo
154) 0) text: Fenton digs a hole. Adam sits on the ground next to Dad's corpse, holding him and crying. Fenton finishes digging t hole, and walks over to the corpse. Adam looks up at him angrily with tears in his eyes. Fenton pulls Dad away fro Adam and drags him into the hole. He picks up the shovel and starts to fill the hole. Adam stands over the hole watching Dad being slowly covered with dirt.
155) 6) dialog: I promise to God I'll bury you here.
156) 9) dialog: You heard me. It might take you a few seconds, but you'll get it. Ss (CONTINUED)
156) 10) text: Doyle stares at him for a moment and then goes for his gu Adam stands calmly where he is, watching him. Doyle raise the gun and levels it on him.
156) 12) dialog: No. I told you before. I've never killed anyone in my life. Fenton was the killer.
156) 14) dialog: The game is over. You'll understand soon. Just let me show you where I buried Fenton. We're almost there. He points to a clearing up ahead. Doyle looks unsure, but nods after a moment.
156) 16) dialog: This is it. This is the spot. There are literally dozens and dozens of spots on the gro where the grass has been uprooted and holes have been dug and filled in. The covered holes are all in little cluste of threes. Adam points to one of the fresher clusters, wh a shovel lays next to it.
156) 17) dialog: That's where I buried him. Doyle studies the ground.
156) 20) dialog: God's work is never done. Fenton didn't bury his victims here. He “™ kept them as trophies in his basement. : This is where I put demons. Doyle looks at him, but Adam stares at Fenton's three gra
156) 21) dialog: That night I went to Fenton's house was the first time I had seen him since we were kids. I didn't even ~- know he lived so close to me until he showed up on my list.
157) 0) text: It is the same house from the very beginning. All the lig to the house are off except for a dim light in the front window. Johnny Cash's Peace in the Valley plays softly fr inside the house. Adam stands in the driveway, holding a lead pipe in his gloved hand, looking at the house.
158) 0) text: Fenton (previously Adam) sits at a small desk in the corn of the living room, typing on an old typewriter. The song plays on an old record player on the other side of the ro He hums along with it as he types. On ‘the desk there are two stacks of paper. Taped to the wall in front of the de are several newspaper clippings from the God's Hand case a single piece of paper with seven names on it, six of th crossed out. Fenton pulls the piece of paper out of the typewriter, puts it on top of one of the stacks of paper, takes another sheet from the other stack, puts it in the typewriter, and starts to type again.
158) 2) dialog: Fenton Meeks. Fenton whirls around barely in time to see Adam bringing pipe down on his head.
159) 0) text: Fenton lays on the floor with his hands and feet taped. There is a trickle of blood on his forehead. Adam leans o the desk, the axe next to him, watching him. Fenton opens his eyes, dazed, tries to move, but can't. He looks aroun and sees Adam. He looks at him for a long moment.
159) 5) dialog: God finally came for you.
159) 7) dialog: I've prayed for the past twenty years that it wouldn't, but I guess I knew it too.
159) 9) dialog: (not looking at him) Why did you leave the notes?
159) 11) dialog: I came only when God put you on my ist. To come before then would have been murder.
159) 13) dialog: Did killing Dad make you feel good? (CONTINUED)
159) 20) dialog: Yeah, I remember. Adam takes off his other glove and tosses them both down the desk. Fenton watches him.
159) 22) dialog: God asked Dad to destroy his own son much like he asked Isaac to sacrifice his own son to test his faith. But. Dad couldn't do it. He loved his son, demon or not. He reaches down and slaps the tape on Fenton's mouth. (CONTINUED)
159) 28) dialog: He simply could not do what God had asked of hin. He walks to the desk and picks up the axe.
159) 29) dialog: And God didn't take pity on Dad like he did with Isaac. He walks back over to Fenton and looks him right in the e
159) 30) dialog: But that was back at a time when God had pity. Adam reaches a hand out toward him.
160) 2) dialog: I've always believed.
160) 4) dialog: So you think you've finally figured out what I've been hiding all this time? Do you know my secret? Doyle looks at him for a long moment and shakes his head disgust.
160) 11) dialog: Maybe, but that's not going to bring back your mother is it? She's dead and her killer got away. Didn't he? -_ Doyle looks hard at him and he smiles.
160) 24) dialog: God knew. You were on my list. That's why I brought you out here. Adam pushes him towards one of the rosebushes.
160) 27) text: ...behind the bush where there is a freshly dug hole. Doy falls into the hole. He seems to snap out of it and his eyes widen in fear when he sees Adam standing over him wi the axe. He struggles to stand.
160) 29) dialog: No they won't. They'll keep looking for Fenton. You're going to be his last victim. God has willed it.
160) 31) dialog: God will protect me. He brings the axe down.
161) 0) text: Adam drives Doyle's car down the highway, turning the rad dial until he finds an old country and western station.
162) 0) text: Adam pulls into the parking lot next to the ambulance, an gets out of the car. He gets into the ambulance, starts i and pulls off.
164) 0) text: Adam drives down the highway singing with the radio.
169) 11) dialog: Yes? They shake hands.
169) 13) dialog: (taken aback) Fenton? Hull nods solemnly.
170) 0) text: Hull walks out the door of the station followed by Adam.
170) 1) dialog: Well, I appreciate you coming by to tell me personally. I...I don't know what to say.
170) 3) dialog: Well if there's anything I can do...
170) 5) dialog: (CONTINUED)
170) 6) text: Oe CONTINUED: (20. He extends his hand and Adam shakes it.
170) 8) dialog: You're a good man Agent Hull. Hull looks at him strangely but smiles, and Adam lets go his hand. Hull gets into his car, starts it, and drives : off. Adam watches as he pulls away. The woman comes out.
170) 10) dialog: Everything's fine Mary. He goes to her and kisses her.
170) 11) dialog: God's will has been served. AE She smiles at him. He reaches down and caresses her pr Se stomach.