145) 0) text: Fenton and Dad walk up to the porch. The porch-light is off, but there is a light on inside, and a television can heard. They reach the front door. Dad knocks. They hear someone moving around inside and coming to the door. Fent looks up at Dad who smiles reassuringly. A man in his mid thirties, BRAD WHITE, opens the door, and looks at them.
145) 1) dialog: Yeah? (CONTINUED)
145) 6) dialog: What's with the gloves?
145) 8) dialog: (smirks) Don't want to get your hands dirty?
145) 10) dialog: Mind your business bitch! Brad turns back to them and gives Dad a look.
145) 11) dialog: Goddamn women. Dad forces a smile.
145) 12) dialog: Yeah, I think I got one for you. He walks out and shuts the door behind him.
145) 13) dialog: Come on. It's around back. Fenton and Dad follow him off the porch and around the ho
146) 0) text: Brad walks up to the garage and opens the door. There is stuff all over the place inside of it. (CONTINUED)
146) 2) dialog: Now let's see. He flicks on a light and starts to rummage through the pl Dad watches him and slowly pulls the pipe from his back. Fenton looks over and sees a hammer laying on the floor. Dad gets behind Brad and raises the pipe.
146) 3) dialog: Here it is. Just as Dad is about to bring it down on his head, Fenton accidentally knocks over something, and Brad looks up and sees Dad with the pipe. He dodges, and Dad misses him.
146) 4) dialog: Motherfucker! Brad brings the tire iron up and hits Dad in the stomach. Dad doubles over. He raises the tire iron to hit Dad agai but cries out in pain and grabs the back of his neck. He turns and sees Fenton holding the hammer.
146) 5) dialog: You little son of a bitch! He raises the tire iron, but suddenly falls forward revea Dad with the pipe. Dad holds his stomach in pain and look at Brad unconscious on the floor.
147) 0) text: Dad drives down the highway. Fenton sits in the passenger seat staring out the window. Adam is in the back taping Brad's hands and legs. He finishes and slaps an extra pie of tape over his mouth.
148) 0) text: The van pulls up in the driveway. Fenton gets out and ope the side door. Adam is asleep, but Brad is awake. He look right at Fenton. Dad comes around the side of the van and sees that Brad is awake. He puts on his gloves.
149) 1) text: Dad drops Brad on the floor. Fenton hangs back on the ste holding the lantern and the axe. Dad steps back from Brad exhausted and holding his stomach. He looks over at Fento