6) 0) text: Doyle comes in. The man, FENTON MEEKS, looks up at him fr his chair by the door, but doesn't get up. This is the fi time we actually see his face. He is in his late twenties with an easy smile and bright blue eyes.
6) 1) dialog: You the agent in charge of the God's Hand case?
6) 3) dialog: (looking at the picture) Is this you and your mother? Doyle sees the picture he's holding, the one of him and t woman, and snatches it out of his hands.
6) 7) dialog: Sorry about that. I've been in here ™, for awhile. I've already read all ae your plaques and citations. And I didn't care to look at those. Fenton indicates the case file photos. Doyle sits down at his desk and regains his composure.
6) 8) dialog: Quite impressive, the plaques I mean.
6) 10) dialog: You must be.
6) 12) dialog: Fenton Meeks. I have some information for you. Doyle just looks at him, waiting for him to continue.
6) 13) dialog: This may sound crazy, but... I know who the God's Hand killer is.
6) 16) dialog: You haven't even heard me out yet, and already you doubt me. Why?
6) 18) dialog: Sometimes truth defies reason Agent Doyle. (CONTINUED)
6) 23) dialog: No. A novelist.
6) 26) dialog: My brother. Doyle waits for him to continue, but he doesn't.
6) 28) dialog: I got a call from him last night...
8) 0) text: ADAM MEEKS, in his late twenties, sits at a small desk in the far corner of the living room with his eyes closed. T song plays on an old record player. He hums along with it On the desk is an old typewriter, a gun, and two stacks o paper. In one hand Adam holds a half empty bottle of Jim Beam, and in his-other hand is a picture. It is a faded color photograph of a man, DAD, and two boys, FENTON AGE TWELVE and ADAM AGE NINE. He opens his eyes and sings to for a moment and then suddenly throws it to the floor. (CONTINUED)
9) 0) text: Fenton sits on the couch in the darkened living room, sip a beer and watching television. The phone rings. Fenton . reaches over and picks it up on the second ring.
9) 1) dialog: (into phone) Hello. There is a long pause. Fenton is about to hang up when...
9) 3) dialog: 
9) 4) dialog: Adam? Is that you? What...
9) 6) dialog: Adam, we need to talk about this...
9) 8) dialog: I'm on my way over, alright? The line goes dead.
9) 9) dialog: Adam? Adam!? Damn it! . He slams the phone down and gets up.
11) 0) text: Fenton walks down the hall and looks into the bedroom whe a@ woman, MARY, is asleep in bed with her back to him. He looks at the back of her blonde head for a moment and the sighs. He quietly goes to the dresser next to the door, opens a drawer and takes out a handgun. He stares at it f a moment, then shuts the drawer, grabs his car keys off t top of the dresser next to the door, and hurries out.
13) 0) text: Fenton drives down Adam's street. He sees the ambulance a police cars in front of Adam's house. He turns off his li and parks down the street. He sees the Girlfriend on the porch, crying, and the paramedics loading the stretcher i the ambulance. He punches his steering wheel.
13) 1) dialog: (upset) Oh goddamnit Adam! Goddamnit!
15) 0) text: Fenton watches the ambulance drive off. He wipes at his tears, and pulls out after the ambulance.
16) 0) text: The ambulance gets on the highway, followed by Fenton's c
24) 0) text: Fenton checks the restroom door: it's locked. He looks ar nervously, positions his gun, and kicks the door open. He sees Hubert. Hubert sees him. They both freeze: Fenton with his gun in his hand, and Hubert with his dick in his hand.
27) 0) text: Fenton puts Hubert in the trunk of his car, and shuts it.
28) 0) text: Matt watches the girl put the gas nozzle back. She notice him and smiles. As he smiles back Fenton walks up, gets into the ambulance and starts it up. Matt glances over at him, but turns back to the girl.
29) 0) text: Doyle sits at his desk, looking at Fenton carefully. Fent just sits, looking blankly back at Doyle.
29) 2) dialog: (shrugs) I dropped him off here in Dallas . last night on my way to Tyler. Hell of a guy. He's probably back in Meat by now.
29) 6) dialog: Where all this took place. About 200 miles west of here. Just north
29) 9) dialog: To bury Adam in the Rose Garden.
29) 11) dialog: I promised him I would a long time ago. Doyle rubs the back of his neck, still looking at Fenton.
29) 15) dialog: (shrugs) Maybe, but the facts remain that my brother did call and he did kill | himself. And the ambulance driver | did stop, and I did catch him going at it like a thirteen year old boy in that bathroom. I filled in the blanks with my imagination and from what Matt told me.
29) 23) dialog: Buried in the Tyler Rose Garden.
29) 25) dialog: Yep.
29) 27) dialog: It's the truth. Doyle looks at him and frowns.
29) 29) dialog: Adam was the God's hand killer. He's the one you're looking for.
29) 31) dialog: I haven't finished.
29) 33) dialog: A lot more. Doyle stares at him for a long moment, and then suddenly stands and smiles coldly at him.
29) 35) dialog: Of course. (CONTINUED)
30) 0) text: Doyle shuts his office door behind him and looks back thr the window at Fenton. He walks down to Hull's cubicle whe he's still working on his computer. The place is even emp and darker than before.
34) 0) text: Doyle comes in. Fenton is still sitting in his chair.
34) 1) dialog: Did my story check out? Doyle frowns at him, but nods.
34) 2) dialog: So am I under arrest now? Doyle crosses to his desk and sits down.
34) 4) dialog: (smiles) You've got to love smail towns.
34) 11) dialog: Probably not.
34) 13) dialog: Why is that?
34) 15) dialog: I did it because I promised Adam I would. I'm here because I can't live with what I know anymore.
34) 17) dialog: That is your mother, isn't it? Doyle glances at the picture and then looks at Fenton for long moment, sizing him up.
34) 19) dialog: I knew it. You can tell by the eyes.
34) 21) dialog: Curiosity I guess. It's the only personal picture you have in here. No family portraits, no snapshots of kids, just that one. Why is that?
34) 28) dialog: Why not a more recent one of your mother then? Doyle looks at the picture for a long moment, a trace of sadness in his expression.
34) 30) dialog: I'm sorry. I didn't mean...
34) 32) dialog: I know it was him.
34) 34) dialog: It started back in Tyler near the summer of seventy-nine...
35) 0) text: It is a beautiful, sunny day. The townspeople go slowly about their business, nodding or waving at one another as they pass. A little yellow school bus goes down the stree and pulls over. Children burst out of the bus door. Two boys, ADAM AGE NINE and FENTON AGE TWELVE, break away fro the rest of the children and walk away from the town. The resemblance between them is apparent, though Fenton is ta
35) 3) dialog: I don't want to sing that dumb song. (CONTINUED)
35) 13) dialog: (sighs) Where.
35) 15) dialog: (rolls his eyes) Where?
35) 17) dialog: Where?
35) 20) dialog: Where?
36) 1) dialog: We lived right behind the Tyler Municipal Rose Garden... (CONTINUED)
36) 5) dialog: .in the house where they used to keep the gardeners back in the fifties. Dad got a good deal on it back when he and mom got married. They climb the fence and head toward the house.
37) 1) dialog: Adam was three years younger than me. Our mom died giving birth to him so I basically took care of him ever since I can remember. Fenton is in the kitchen, preparing dinner.
37) 2) dialog: Our dad worked as a mechanic over in Chandler at a Ford dealership. He usually got home around five thirty and we'd all have dinner together. DAD comes into the kitchen. It is the same man from the picture in Adam's suicide scene. He is in his mid-to-late forties with thinning dark hair. He puts his lunchbox dow on the table and smiles at Fenton.
38) 0) text: Adam, Fenton, and Dad all sit around the kitchen table, putting food on their plates from various bowls and plate Adam piles peas on his plate.
38) 12) dialog: (looks down) I barely passed.
38) 14) dialog: But I've got another test next week, and it's going to.be even harder.
39) 0) text: There are two single beds with a little nightstand betwee them. On Adam's side of the room there is a Pete's Dragon poster and a toy box. There is a Farah Fawcett poster and one of the Dallas Cowboy's 1978 team on Fenton's side. Ad is already laying in his bed, playing with a couple of St Wars figures. Fenton changes into his bed clothes.
39) 5) dialog: You've already seen it.
39) 7) dialog: We're going to see Alien.
39) 18) dialog: Adam likes it on.
39) 20) dialog: (guiltily) I don't like it too dark.
39) 25) dialog: Goodnight Dad.
39) 28) dialog: You can see Meatballs and I'll see Alien.
39) 30) dialog: Too bad.
39) 37) dialog: (sighs) Alright. Just go to bed. Adam smiles and lays back down. Fenton lays there staring up at the ceiling, slowly drifting off.
39) 38) dialog: That was our family. Just the three of us. All of Mom and Dad's relatives had died off. There was no one but us left. We didn't mind though. We didn't need anyone else. We were happy together... He closes his eyes.
39) 39) dialog: Until...
40) 0) text: Fenton's eyes snap open. The lights are on. Dad is standi between their beds in his underwear.
40) 4) dialog: What's wrong? Dad sits down on Fenton's bed.
41) 1) dialog: He said he'd had a vision that night. The room slowly fills with light from an unseen source. D opens his eyes and sees the room washed with light. A fig comes out of the light, moving slowly toward Dad.
41) 2) dialog: A vision from God. The figure reaches the bed and Dad sees that it is a beau ANGEL straight out of a Botticelli painting.
41) 3) dialog: An angel came to him and told him the truth of this world... The angel reaches out and touches Dad's forehead.
41) 4) dialog: And revealed God's special purpose for our family... The room disappears into swirling darkness.
42) 0) text: Fenton and Adam sit on the bed staring at Dad with a mixt of disbelief and awe.
42) 9) dialog: But Dad, that's crazy.
42) 23) dialog: I didn't know what to say or how to feel. It was too crazy and messed up to understand or even acknowledge. I didn't realize it at that moment, at least not consciously, but my happy and mostly secure world had just been flipped over and there were dark things under there. Very dark things. And my little boy's mind just couldn't take it.
43) 10) dialog: Nothing.
44) 0) text: Dad is driving with Adam-next to him-and Fenton next to t window. The boys eat toast as Dad drives. Patsy Cline's Walking After Midnight Plays softly on the radio.
44) 1) dialog: None of us mentioned it. It was only a dream, a nightmare. Nothing that crazy could be real. Everything was okay, just like before. The truck pulls into the school parking lot. Dad puts it park and looks over at his sons. (CONTINUED)
45) 0) text: The TEACHER talks as she writes math equations on the chalkboard. Fenton sits at his desk, watching her with he eyes, trying not to fall asleep.
45) 1) dialog: I refused to believe it. It was just a dream. That whole next week was just a dream too...
46) 0) text: Fenton is in the kitchen preparing dinner. Adam sits at t table, drawing with crayons.
46) 1) dialog: Like when Dad started bringing home the magical weapons. Dad comes in excited, holding an ordinary wood-handle axe and an old pair of work gloves. He talks excitedly to Fen and Adam, gesturing with the axe.
47) 1) dialog: He was on his way to work... There is an old broken down farmhouse ahead.
47) 2) dialog: When God called to hin. (CONTINUED)
49) 0) text: The teacher talks and writes on the chalkboard. Fenton si at his desk, his eyes closing and opening sleepily.
49) 1) dialog: Just a long long dream...
50) 0) text: Fenton and Adam sit on the couch, watching Mork and Mindy television. Dad comes in with a piece of lead pipe and gestures with it.
50) 7) dialog: It wasn't real. It couldn't be. I just had to wait it out...
51) 0) text: Fenton washes dishes. Dad sits at the table smoking a cigarette. He watches Fenton, but Fenton ignores him.
51) 2) dialog: I'm washing dishes.
51) 5) dialog: But maybe you just think He did or dreamed it.
51) 7) dialog: But maybe you're...you're not right in the head Dad. Maybe you need help. (CONTINUED)
52) 1) dialog: The angel came to him while he was at work. He is working when suddenly blackness washes over everyth The Angel's beautiful face floats in front of him. The Angel's hand reaches out of the darkness and touches his forehead, and then the darkness recedes and everything go back to normal. He pushes himself out from underneath the car, lifts up, pulls a small notepad and a pen out of his breast pocket, and furiously begins to scribble names on it. He stops an looks at the names he's written. There are seven of them.
52) 3) dialog: (frightened) But these are people's names.
53) 0) text: The teacher talks as she writes on the chalkboard. Fenton sits at his chair, trying not to doze off.
53) 1) dialog: The dream had finally ended. It was all real. My father was insane. He was going to murder someone. He had never been a violent man. I'd never seen him hit anyone, much less me or Adam. He didn't even own a gun. But I knew he was going to kill someone... He finally rests his head on his arms and closes his eyes
53) 2) text: Fenton lifts up and screams. The whole class turns and lo at him.
53) 3) dialog: And I had to stop him.
54) 0) text: Fenton lays on the grass, reading the bible.
54) 1) dialog: The obvious answer was to tell someone what he was planning, but I couldn't do that. I loved him even if he'd gone crazy. I had to save him from himself. If he thought it was God that told him to do this awful thing then I had to prove to him that it wasn't God. That it had to be the devil. So I studied the bible looking for something to fight him with...
55) 0) text: Dad is laying in his recliner, reading a book. Adam is la in front of the television watching The Love Boat. Fenton comes in, carrying a bible. Dad looks up at him. Fenton opens the bible and reads.
55) 1) dialog: There is a way that seems right to a man, but in the end it leads to death. He looks up at Dad. Dad just looks back at him for a mome
55) 3) dialog: Yep. Verse 14. Line 12.
55) 6) dialog: When calamity comes, the wicked are brought down, but even in death the righteous have refuge. Adam turns away from the television and listens to them.
55) 8) dialog: But Dad what would the Baptists say? We are still Baptists aren't we? (CONTINUED)
56) 0) text: Dad sits on the ground, pulling weeds out of the flower b in front of the house. Fenton walks up next to him and ge a drink of water from the hose. He wipes his mouth and lo over at Dad.
56) 2) dialog: What about thou shalt not kill Dad? Dad sighs and stops what he's doing.
56) 4) dialog: But what about be careful battling monsters lest ye become one? Dad stops what he's doing and looks at Fenton, impressed.
57) 0) text: Fenton studies the bible while the other children eat and laugh.
57) 1) dialog: There wasn't much in the old testament to use. Actually there was more in there to support Dad's case than mine. All kinds of gruesome stuff going on back then in the name of God. The new testament, with the exception of Revelations of course, was where all the real ammo was. When I found Jesus back there I knew it was going to be alright. I finally had Dad beat.
58) 0) text: Fenton and Dad sit at the table. Fenton looks up from the bible in front of him at Dad. They just look at each othe for a long moment.
58) 23) dialog: I had tried to fight him with God, but God had forsaken me. The only thing left to do was to tell.
59) 0) text: Fenton stands in front of the station, looking at it and pacing back and forth.
59) 1) dialog: But that was easier said than done. I stood out there for almost an hour, wrestling with myself. Could I really send my Dad to prison or an insane asylum? What if the police didn't believe me? After all it was a pretty unbelievable situation. And if they didn't, what would Dad do to me when he found out? A POLICE OFFICER comes out of the station and nods at Fen Fenton nods back and hurries off.
60) 0) text: It is dark outside. Fenton and Adam sit at the kitchen ta finishing dinner. There is an empty plate at the table. (CONTINUED)
60) 2) dialog: That was the last day of school and Dad had promised to take us to the movies that night, but he didn't come home from work.
60) 3) text: Fenton gets up, takes the empty plate, fills it with food and puts it in the oven.
61) 0) text: Adam lays in his bed. Fenton turns off the light and gets into his bed. Adam lifts up and looks over at Fenton.
61) 2) dialog: I don't know. Adam lays back.
61) 4) dialog: That's all make believe Adam.
61) 7) dialog: (lifts up) Listen to me. None of that demon junk is real. Dad just made it up.
61) 9) dialog: He did too. Just like Santa Claus. Adam frowns. An old wound has been exposed.
61) 10) dialog: You remember last Christmas when you caught Dad putting our presents under the tree don’t you? Adam's frown deepens and he nods.
61) 11) dialog: It's just like that. (CONTINUED)
61) 16) dialog: That's right. I haven't, but Dad has. You've got to trust me now Adam. I'm telling you the truth. Dad' sick. Demons do not exist. Those names on Dad's list are real people. Do you understand?
61) 18) dialog: I don't know, but I think we should leave. Adam thinks about this for a moment.
61) 20) dialog: aa (nods) Mca Would you go with me?
61) 22) dialog: Neither do I, but we might have to.
61) 24) dialog: Dad's going to kill somebody.
62) 0) text: Adam and Fenton are both asleep. Headlights from the wind wash the room with light for a moment and then disappear. Fenton wakes up. Outside an engine IDLES for a moment and then shuts off. A truck door OPENS and then SHUTS. Fenton gets up and goes to the window. He sees Dad's silhouette, carrying something over his shoulder toward the house.
63) 0) text: Keys RATTLE in the front door. Fenton peeks around the co of the hallway. The door opens, revealing Dad. He reaches in and turns on the front hall light switch next to the d He sees Fenton watching hin.
64) 1) dialog: God came to him earlier that day at work and told him that the time had come. (CONTINUED)
65) 1) dialog: After work he drove down to Jacksonville, about 45 minutes or so southwest of Tyler.
66) 1) dialog: He said he'd never been there before, but he had no problem finding it. God was leading him. He cuts the headlights, pulls the truck over on the side the street, and gets out.
69) 0) text: Dad comes out of the backdoor carrying the woman over his shoulder, with Adam right behind him. Fenton follows afte them reluctantly.
70) 0) text: Dad puts the woman down on the dirt floor of the shed. Ad stands looking at her curiously. Fenton lingers in the doorway.
70) 9) text: Dad pulls off his gloves and takes down the axe from the shelf. Fenton looks terrified. Adam looks mostly curious.
70) 10) dialog: Dad, don't do this! Dad holds the axe and looks at Fenton.
71) 1) text: Doyle stares at Fenton incredulously.
71) 3) dialog: Why would I make it up?
71) 5) dialog: Dead. Doyle sits there, thinking about what he’s just heard. Th door opens and Hull sticks his head in the office. Doyle looks up at him.
71) 14) dialog: But not to his way of thinking. He hadn't killed a woman. He had destroyed a demon. You see, he believed that when he touched her...
72) 1) dialog: .--he revealed her sins...
72) 8) dialog: .--and the demon within her. Adam screams and recoils from her. Dad takes his hand off of Cynthia with disgust, and raises the axe. Fenton watch Dad‘in horror and screams as he brings the axé down.
73) 2) dialog: That's what he claimed.
73) 4) dialog: What could I do? I watched him kill her and then I watched him bury her.
74) 0) text: They are in the back of the garden, away from the garden proper. Dad digs a hole near a lone rosebush while Adam sits on the ground, holding the flashlight for him. There are three holes in the ground, forming a circle, and thre black trash bags laying on the ground. Fenton sits next t Adam, staring at the bags, crying. Dad finishes the last hole and picks up one of the trash bags. Adam gets up and picks up one too. He throws the bag inside one of the hol
74) 10) dialog: You...You killed her... He cries harder.
74) 13) dialog: You're going to do it again?! DAD . This is our job now son. We're God's hands. You've got to accept that. We've started something we've got to finish. There's thousands... (CONTINUED)
74) 17) dialog: You can't! I won't let you!
74) 19) dialog: I'll tell! Dad's face goes dark, and he grabs Fenton by the arn.
74) 22) dialog: (cries) Yes! Dad lets go of him, and looks ashamed.
74) 25) dialog: I..pr..pr..promise. He reaches down and tousles his hair, though Fenton jumps little at his touch. Dad frowns at his reaction.
75) 0) text: Doyle stares at Fenton.
75) 2) dialog: I should have, but I was afraid. I loved my father, but I was terrified of him. He was a murderer. “How could I know how far it went? Doyle looks lost in thought. He glances at the picture of his mother. Fenton studies him carefully.
75) 3) dialog: So now do you understand why I think my brother is the God's Hand killer?
75) 5) dialog: But I didn't believe Agent Doyle. Adam did. That night I saw my father kill a woman with a hand axe, but Adam saw him destroy a demon. No matter what I tried to tell him, he still believed Dad. To him we were knights of God on a holy mission to abolish evil. -Doyle thinks about this for a long moment.
75) 7) dialog: I read in the paper that only one of the bodies of the six victims had been found. Is that true? (CONTINUED)
75) 11) dialog: That doesn't make it true.
75) 13) dialog: How do you know they're dead then?
75) 15) dialog: I've got a pretty good idea where the bodies are.
75) 17) dialog: (nods) There were other holes out where I buried him. Some of them looked freshly covered.
75) 19) dialog: Would you have believed me? Doyle gives him a look.
76) 0) text: Doyle and Fenton walk through the lobby. The operator gla up at them from her book and then continues reading.
77) 0) text: It is raining lightly. Fenton and Doyle walk quickly out Doyle's car. Doyle reaches into his back, pulls out a set of handcuffs, and tosses them to Fenton.
77) 1) dialog: What's this?
77) 3) dialog: I've got it. Doyle backs off, lets him get in, and then shuts the door
78) 0) text: Doyle drives. Fenton sits in the back. There is a metal cage divider between them. Doyle looks at him in the rear mirror and then back at the road.
78) 2) dialog: I didn't even know about the case until three days ago.
78) 4) dialog: I don't watch the news or read newspapers.
78) 7) dialog: I did. I happened to see the headline “ three days ago. God's hand claims ae sixth victim. I bought the paper and called Adam, but he wasn't there. I left a message and he called me back that next night.
78) 9) dialog: I didn't know for sure. I suspected.
78) 11) dialog: I'm telling you now. They drive in silence for a long moment.
78) 14) dialog: I'm telling you the truth. He was the killer.
78) 16) dialog: Yeah, and so was the one I told you when I first came into your office. But it was true, wasn't it? Doyle looks at him in the rearview and then back at the r
78) 17) dialog: Lies are always easy to.believe Agent Doyle. It's the truth that's hard. (CONTINUED)
78) 21) dialog: We all have secrets. Don't we Agent Doyle? Tell me, how did your mother die?
78) 25) dialog: You told me she died after that picture was taken. But there was something about the way you...
78) 27) dialog: I'm sorry. I didn't mean to pry.
78) 29) dialog: I'm sorry.
78) 31) dialog: Did they ever catch her killer?
78) 34) dialog: Is that why you took this job?
78) 36) dialog: When I was a kid.
78) 38) dialog: What do you think I'm hiding?
79) 0) text: Fenton and Adam sit in the living room watching Good Time on television. Adam laughs at the television, but Fenton just sits staring at it, lost in thought.
79) 1) dialog: After that night, I guess you'd expect Dad to set out to teach us murder like most Texans teach their children racism. But nothing happened. Dad didn't mention it anymore, and neither did Adam. After a couple of weeks I began to think it was over.
80) 0) text: Fenton and Adam swim in the water with the other CHILDREN
80) 1) dialog: I know it sounds silly and childish that I could actually think that after what I had seen, but I wanted it to be over. I wanted to go back to being a normal kid again.
81) 0) text: Adam and Fenton play basketball with a group of BOYS.
81) 1) dialog: And I did. I buried the whole thing down deep, and pretended that it had never happened.
82) 0) text: Fenton tosses and turns in his sleep. -
82) 1) dialog: Of course there were still the nightmares. He raises up, sweating and crying.
83) 0) text: Fenton and Adam sit on the bank, skipping rocks on the wa Fenton lays back on the ground and looks up at the clouds
83) 1) dialog: But they came less and less often after awhile. They always say children are resilient creatures and I was proof. Once a full month had gone by I had completely convinced myself that it was over and everything was going to be alright.
84) 0) text: The sun is going down. Fenton, Adam, and another boy Fent age, ERIC, walk away from the court to the sidewalk.
84) 11) dialog: (mildly) Shut-up Adam.
84) 13) dialog: (smiles and nods) I'll have to ask my dad though.
84) 16) dialog: Alright.
84) 19) dialog: Come on. I'll race you. They take off running.
85) 0) text: Fenton and Adam laugh as they run down’ the road by the R Garden. Adam turns into the drive of the Garden, and Fent stops running and stays on the road. Adam notices that Fe has stopped running.
85) 3) dialog: Nah, I'm going around on the road. Adam walks back to Fenton and goes with him.
86) 0) text: Fenton and Adam walk up the road in front of their house, looking inquisitively at the new white Chevy Van parked i the driveway. The lights in the house are on.
87) 0) text: Fenton and Adam walk into the house.
88) 0) text: Dad. sits at the kitchen table with a notepad and few phonebooks in front of him. He flips through one of the phonebooks. Adam comes in, followed by Fenton.
90) 0) text: Dad sits behind the wheel, watching the entrance of a hou down the street, while Fenton sits in the passenger seat, (CONTINUED)
90) 4) dialog: Dad told us that there were moments in everyone's life when they could just suddenly disappear without anyone knowing where they went or why. house, and Dad tenses up.
91) 1) dialog: He said those were the moments when God's hands could reach out and take you.
92) 1) text: and Fenton watch Edward disappear into the mall.
92) 5) dialog: I can't do this Dad.
92) 12) dialog: But, what if someone sees us?
92) 15) dialog: But it’s daylight.
92) 20) dialog: But what if he doesn't? What if...
92) 23) dialog: But I don't want to Dad. I'm scared.
92) 28) text: Fenton looks nervously over at the mall entrance.
93) 0) text: Dad reads a book. Adam plays with his Star Wars figures i the back of the van. Fenton just stares at the mall entra FENTON (V.0.) ¢ I know Dad's abductions may seem really simple, but those were simpler times. Nowadays you'd have to concoct some elaborate scheme to abduct someone. People expect psychos around every corner now. But back then they didn't expect it as much. Of course according to Dad nothing, not even a camera, could catch us anyway. We were invisible when we were God's Hands.
95) 0) text: Fenton tenses up at the sight of Edward. He looks over at Dad, who is still reading his book, and then looks back a Edward who is walking toward them in the distance. He wal out into the parking lot. Fenton tries to breathe easy. H looks back at Dad, but Dad has looked up and is staring r at Edward. i
95) 7) dialog: (looks up at Dad) I don't want to do this Dad. Dad looks at him and the disappointment is obvious, and t he looks back at Edward who is getting closer by the seco
95) 12) dialog: I can't.
96) 0) text: Fenton sees Edward walking right toward him. He gets down on his knees and looks under Edward's car. Edward walks u and sees Fenton.
96) 1) dialog: C'mon...Trixie. Get out...from under...there
96) 3) dialog: My...my...dog's under there...and... and...he...he...won't...
96) 6) text: bs. CONTINUED: bo. Edward bends down to him, revealing Dad behind him with t lead pipe raised. Fenton closes his eyes tight as Dad bri the pipe down on Edward's head. Edward crumples to the ground, falling on Fenton. The van door rolls open, revea Adam, who hoots in delight at what he sees.
97) 0) text: Dad drives along in silence. Fenton's crying has tapered off, but hasn't completely stopped. Adam wraps Edward's hands together with an enormous amount of duct tape as he lays unconscious on the floorboard in the back. His feet are already taped together with an even thicker wad of ta Dad looks back at Adam in the rearview mirror.
98) 8) dialog: (moves forward) Dad don't! Don't!
99) 0) text: Adam and Fenton dig holes while Dad sits on the ground, smoking and watching Fenton.
99) 7) dialog: He's the murderer. We've got to get out of here Adam. Adam looks over at him as he digs.
99) 9) dialog: We've got to run away. Remember I told you we might have to.
99) 11) dialog: We have to. Dad's crazy Adam. He's a murderer.
99) 13) dialog: That's all lies Adam.
99) 15) dialog: No you don't! Dad's brainwashed you. It's all a big lie. He's a murderer and you help him!
100) 0) text: Fenton comes in, looking exhausted. He enters the living room and finds Dad sitting in his recliner in the dark. They look at each other for a long moment, but neither sa anything. Fenton walks off down the hall.
100) 6) text: It is very early. Dad comes in fully dressed and shakes Fenton awake.
101) 0) text: Fenton comes into the kitchen looking sleepy. Dad sits at the table sipping a cup of coffee. Dad looks up at him.
101) 3) dialog: That's a lie and you know it.
101) 9) dialog: What?
102) 0) text: The sun is barely starting to come up. There is a glaze o dew over the grass. Dad comes out of the shed with Fenton following him, carrying a shovel. Dad walks out into the yard and looks around. He walks back toward the side of t shed and stops, looking at the ground. He motions for Fen and points at the ground.
102) 2) text: Fenton looks at him incredulously.
102) 4) dialog: What!?
102) 6) dialog: Why! ? (CONTINUED)
102) 11) dialog: Yes sir.
102) 13) dialog: A cellar?
102) 16) dialog: I can't do that by myself. I don't even know how to build a cellar.
102) 18) dialog: All of it!?
102) 23) dialog: But Dad! I can't do that!
103) 0) text: It is late morning now. The dew is gone and the sun blaze in the sky. Fenton digs the hole. It is about five feet wide and long, but only about two feet deep. There is a small pile of dirt by the hole. He is covered in sweat.
103) 1) dialog: I started digging that goddamn hole, but I did not pray. I would not. I hated God. I despised Him. My hatred helped me dig. It kept me going. Dad's or God's or the angels' or whoever's plan it was would not work on me. I knew what Dad was doing was wrong and nothing was going to change that.
104) 0) text: The sun beats down on Fenton as he digs diligently. His shirt is now off and tied around his head. His back is slightly sunburned. He is literally drenched in sweat. Th hole is about three feet deep, and about ten feet in leng and width. Fenton digs steadily, throwing dirt over his shoulder into the ever growing pile by the hole.
104) 4) dialog: Twenty feet long, wide and deep. (CONTINUED)
104) 8) text: Fenton puts the cup down and starts to shovel again. Adam watches him for a moment.
104) 10) dialog: You didn't tell him what I said about running away, did you?
104) 12) dialog: Will you go with me then?
104) 14) dialog: He's a killer Adam.
104) 16) text: Fenton looks angry, but doesn't say anything. He begins t dig again.
104) 19) dialog: (snaps at him) Nope. And I'm not going to.
104) 24) dialog: I don't care what Dad said! He might be able to make me dig this stupid hole, but he can't make me pray.
104) 26) dialog: You're as crazy as Dad. Just get out of here and leave me alone. Adam looks crushed. Fenton goes back to digging. Adam tur to go, but turns back.
104) 28) dialog: I don't want your help. He keeps digging.
104) 30) dialog: Get out of here! He throws dirt at him, and he runs off. Fenton watches hi run off, and frowns regretfully.
104) 31) dialog: I wanted to run away, far away, but I still couldn't leave Adam no matter how crazy Dad was turning him. And besides, there was nowhere to go. Fenton goes back to digging.
105) 0) text: The sun is starting to go down. Fenton still digs, but a little slower than before. The hole is considerably deepe now, about five feet deep, but still about ten feet long wide. The dirt pile has grown considerably. (CONTINUED)
106) 0) text: It is pitch dark out now. The only light is from the porc The hole is a little longer now. Fenton stops digging and puts the shovel down. He looks at the hole for a moment a then starts to walk toward the house.
107) 0) text: Fenton enters from the backdoor in the kitchen. He looks hungrily at the plate of cold food sitting on the table, walks past it. He walks down the hall and goes into the bathroom. (CONTINUED)
108) 0) text: Fenton sits at the table, eating. It is hard for him to hold his fork and knife because of his blistered hands. D enters from the hallway and sees him at the table.
108) 2) dialog: I didn't give up. I'll be out there again in the morning. Dad frowns at him and sits down across from him at the ta
108) 6) dialog: (looks up defiantly) Nope. Dad frowns, but doesn't say anything. Fenton keeps eating but drops his knife loudly on the plate. He picks it up again, but it’s obvious he's in pain.
108) 8) dialog: Nothing.
108) 13) dialog: They're fine. Dad reaches out and pulls one of Fenton's hands out where can see it.
108) 15) dialog: I didn't need them. I'm fine. Dad gets up, goes to the kitchen cabinets, and gets some aspirin. He takes a couple out of the bottle and tries to hand them to Fenton.
108) 17) dialog: I said I'm fine.
108) 20) dialog: They've got blood on them.
108) 34) dialog: (flatly) I heard you.
109) 0) text: It is extremely early. The sun is just barely starting to come out. Fenton comes out of the house, walks out to the hole, and looks down at it. He takes the shovel from wher he left it the day before, and winces from the pain in hi hands. He slowly starts to dig in the dew covered grass.
110) 0) text: The sun is out, but it is still early morning. Fenton sti digs. The back screendoor creaks open and shuts in the distance. Fenton keeps digging. Dad walks up to the side of the hole and watches him for a few moments. Fenton not him, but doesn't look up or stop. Dad walks off. After a few moments, a pair of gloves hit him in the head He stops and looks in the direction of where the gloves c from, and sees Dad's back walking away. He looks at the gloves, and starts to dig again.
110) 1) dialog: I kept digging. My hands hurt, but I wouldn't stop. The pain helped me keep going. It fed my hatred. I would never give in to Dad or his God.
111) 0) text: The sun is going down. Fenton keeps digging. The hole and the pile of dirt beside it are both considerably larger. (CONTINUED)
111) 4) dialog: I kept digging and Dad kept killing. Dad comes around the side of the house, carrying a person over his shoulder, with Adam following behind him. Fenton stops digging and watches them. Dad looks over at Fenton, their eyes lock for a moment, and then he disappears into the shed. Adam goes in and shuts the door behind then.
111) 5) dialog: But he left me alone. Fenton goes back to digging.
111) 6) dialog: I kept at it morning, noon, and night for five days.
112) 0) text: Fenton stands on the edge of the giant hole, looking down into it.
112) 1) dialog: And by the sixth day, it was as dark and deep as my hatred for Dad's God. Dad walks up from behind Fenton, and peers down at the ho
112) 4) dialog: Nope. Dad looks at him wearily and then back down at the hole.
113) 0) text: The van is parked way up in the driveway near the backyar The side door of the van is open and there are stacks of wood inside of it. Adam and Fenton take wood from the van to the backyard where Dad is in the hole, using a hoe to smooth out the ground. They stack the wood next to the ho (CONTINUED)
113) 6) dialog: We started the cellar after that. At least that's what Dad called it, but I knew better. We were building a dungeon down there. Fenton stacks the wood and stares down at Dad in the hole
114) 0) text: There is the beginnings of a wooden cellar in the hole. Dad, Adam, and Fenton hammer away.
114) 1) dialog: It wasn't much of a cellar though or even a dungeon. Dad was definitely no architect.
115) 1) dialog: We basically built a big wooden box in the ground.
116) 0) text: There is a lantern, but it is still somewhat dark. Fenton and Adam help Dad build a stairway that leads up to the t of the hole to an opened hatch where sunlight floods in.
116) 1) dialog: But Dad said it would hold. God would see to it.
117) 0) text: Fenton and Adam and Dad stand on the ground, shoveling di onto the cellar, covering it up.
119) 0) text: The cellar is completely covered up with packed dirt, exc for the hatch. Fenton and Adam come in and out of the she taking things out of it, and putting them in the yard. Da packs the dirt some more with the back of a shovel.
120) 0) text: They move the shed, with Dad on one side and Fenton and A on the other, and position it over the cellar hatch.
121) 0) text: Adam and Fenton and Dad put stuff back in the shed. Dad looks around, satisfied.
122) 0) text: Fenton and Adam sit in the living room watching Happy Day on television. Dad's van is heard pulling up in the drive Adam jumps up and runs to the front door to greet him, bu Fenton doesn't move.
122) 1) dialog: The next night he brought home another demon. Fenton hears Dad come in and Adam greet him.
123) 0) text: Dad puts the teenager down on the floor. Adam holds the lantern, looking at him curiously. The teenager looks bac at Adam and seems to calm down a little. Fenton hangs bac on the steps. Dad notices hin.
124) 0) text: Fenton runs away from the house quickly, and breaks into sprint once he hits the gravel road. (CONTINUED)
124) 4) dialog: I had tried to save Adam and Dad, but they wouldn't let me. So the only thing left to do was to save myself. The stars shine down on him.
124) 5) dialog: I half expected angels or even God himself to come out of the night and stop me. But I had to do it. I had ~ to put an end to the whole thing.
125) 0) text: Fenton runs up to the station and enters.
126) 0) text: Fenton runs in, panting. The place is empty.
126) 1) dialog: (looks around) Hello? No one answers. Fenton walks through the place, looking increasingly worried.
126) 2) dialog: Hello! Hello!? There is no one there.
126) 3) dialog: (screams in panic) Hello!!! A door opens down the hall, and DEPUTY SMALLS sticks his head out.
127) 0) text: Deputy Smalls sits at his desk looking at Fenton who sits across from him. .
127) 4) dialog: a, What are you doing?
127) 6) dialog: You can't!
127) 8) dialog: But it's true! I can show you. Deputy Smalls looks at him for a long moment and then han up the phone.
128) 0) text: A patrol car pulls up to the house and parks. All the lig to the house are off. Fenton and Deputy Smalls get out.
128) 2) dialog: It's around back, under the shed.
128) 4) dialog: But he's in the back.
129) 0) text: Deputy Smalls sits at the table with Fenton next to him. Dad, now in a pair of blue-jeans, pours Deputy Smalls a g of ice-tea and hands it to hin.
129) 2) dialog: They're not lies and you know it! Smalls looks uncomfortable at Fenton's outburst.
129) 6) dialog: (to Smalls) He's lying. Just check the shed. Smalls looks to Dad.
129) 15) dialog: Check the shed! Or the Rose Garden! I can show you where they're buried! Smalls looks to Dad. Dad shrugs.
130) 0) text: Fenton leads Smalls to the shed with Dad following behind
131) 0) text: Fenton throws open the door and rushes to the hatch which unlocked, and pulls it open.
131) 1) dialog: See!? Smalls looks at the hatch and then to Dad, who shrugs. (CONTINUED)
132) 0) text: Fenton and Smalls make it to the bottom of the steps. The lantern slowly fills the cellar with dim light. It is emp
132) 2) dialog: But he was here!
132) 4) dialog: They must have moved him. He was here. Adam! Adam's got him somewhere!
132) 6) dialog: Wait! I can show you where the bodies are buried! Smalls stops, looks back at him, frowns and shakes his he and then turns back and continues up the stairs. (CONTINUED)
132) 9) dialog: Wait! Please! You've got to believe me! Smalls reaches the top of the stairs and then suddenly fa back and rolis down the steps. He lands at the bottom wit a thud. Fenton runs to him and sees the blood flowing fro the huge gash in his chest. He is still alive. He looks down at his wound, confused, and then up at Fenton. He tr to say something, but can't form the words. There are FOOTSTEPS on the stairs. Fenton looks up and sees Dad com down the steps with the axe in his hand. Fenton moves bac in fear. Dad reaches the bottom of the stairs and looks a the dazed Deputy who is looking right back at him. He lif the axe, but there are tears in his eyes.
133) 0) text: Fenton digs a hole as Dad sits on the ground, wiping tear from his eyes. Smalls' body lays on the ground a few feet away from Dad. Adam also digs a hole a little further away from them. Be Adam there are three black trashbags. He finishes his fir hole, dumps the contents of one of the trashbags into it, and then starts to dig another hole. Fenton finishes his hole, sticks his shovel in the ground and looks at Dad who is still crying, though silently. Da notices Fenton, and looks away.
133) 2) dialog: I've seen you kill plenty. Dad looks up hard at Fenton, and there is hate for the fi time in his eyes.
133) 7) dialog: You didn't have to kill hin.
133) 9) dialog: There is no mission! You're crazy! Dad jumps up and goes for Fenton. Fenton tries to back up but is too slow. Dad grabs him by the arms.
133) 12) dialog: I didn't do anything! He pulls him into his face.
134) 0) text: Fenton walks across the road from the garden, carrying hi shovel. Dad and Adam follow behind him. The patrol car is still parked in front of the house. Fenton reaches the ho before them, and starts to climb the porch steps. Dad loo at the patrol car and sighs.
135) 0) text: The door is open. Dad stands at his workbench, cleaning o the axe blade with a rag. Fenton walks into the doorway, but lingers there when he sees Dad with the axe.
135) 4) dialog: (beat) You.
135) 18) dialog: But...
135) 20) dialog: I promise I won't tell again.
135) 22) dialog: Please Dad, I'm sorry. (CONTINUED)
135) 28) dialog: But...but it’s dark down there.
135) 30) dialog: Let me take the lantern.
136) 2) dialog: I'm sorry! Please Dad! Please! He hears Dad put the pad lock on the hatch.
138) 0) text: It is completely dark except for a few tiny shafts of lig around the hatch door. Fenton lays underneath the hatch door, curled up on the steps.
138) 3) dialog: (rasps) Adam. Get me out of here.
138) 5) dialog: 
138) 6) dialog: Please, Adam. I'm scared.
138) 8) dialog: But I'm hungry and I've got to go to the bathroom.
138) 11) dialog: He's going to kill me Adam. You've got to let me out of here.
138) 15) dialog: More. He gradually pours the rest of the cup down the crack and Fenton drinks it.
138) 17) dialog: You've got to let me out of here Adam. Adam doesn't respond.
138) 18) dialog: Adam?
138) 20) dialog: (panicked) I can't stay in here that long! Let me out! Ss (CONTINUED) 45 — TO ———— eS wr co
138) 23) dialog: Adam! Please don't go! Please! He hears the shed door shut, and breaks down into tears.
139) 0) text: The rain beats down on the car. Doyle drives as Fenton si in the backseat. FENTON . The days came and went. I counted them by the cracks of light in the hatch door, and Adam's visits with water. My fear never lessened. I even pissed and shit myself because ' I was too afraid to leave my little spot by the stairs.
139) 2) dialog: The hunger and the stink helped me forget the fear for awhile, but it always came crashing back. You would have thought that I would have eventually gotten over my fear of the dark, but I didn't. I was terrified the entire time. I only slept when I passed out from exhaustion and fatigue.
139) 4) dialog: On the seventh day.
140) 0) text: The hatch door opens and light shines down into the darkn revealing Fenton laying in his spot. He lifts his head we and squints at the figure standing above the hatch, looki down at him. Dad's face is filled with misery as he looks at his son.
140) 2) dialog: (rasps) There is no God. Dad stands there for a long moment, looking sadly at Fent He shuts the hatch and the light disappears into total darkness. The sound stops. There is no light or sound at all. There is nothing but pitch black darkness.
140) 3) dialog: I lost count of the days after that. It felt like weeks. I finally went beyond fear into total insanity. I saw God. He had finally sent me a vision alright. It was like that line in Acts, "Immediately something like scales fell from Saul's eyes and he could see again." And it was then that I understood my destiny just like Dad had said I would. There is a SPLASH sound, and light from the opened hatch falls on Fenton. He is drenched and laughing hysterically Dad is shaking him, and calling his name.
140) 5) dialog: {croaks) I saw God Dad. Dad looks at him for a long moment, and a big smile sprea slowly over his face. (CONTINUED)
140) 7) text: oo, CONTINUED: as He pulls Fenton to him, tears of joy in his eyes, and car his head.
141) 0) text: Fenton, now cleaned up and in fresh clothes, sits at the kitchen table eating a plate of food. Dad and Adam watch him as he devours the food.
141) 3) dialog: I'm sorry I doubted you Dad. Dad reaches out and tousles his hair.
141) 6) dialog: It's hard to describe.
142) 0) text: Dad drives. A ballgame plays softly on the radio. Fenton sits in the passenger seat, looking at a map. Adam sits i the back.
142) 1) dialog: A week later I was ready. I remember it was a Friday night near the very end of summer. My first demon was to be Brad White from Dallas. Fenton puts down the map and looks through the windshield the lights and buildings of downtown Dallas in the distan
144) 0) text: Dad drives looking at the numbers on the houses. Fenton points at one.
144) 1) dialog: There it is. (CONTINUED)
144) 6) dialog: (solemnly) Yes sir. Dad smiles at him, and puts on his gloves. He pulls out a second pair of gloves and hands them to Fenton.
145) 0) text: Fenton and Dad walk up to the porch. The porch-light is off, but there is a light on inside, and a television can heard. They reach the front door. Dad knocks. They hear someone moving around inside and coming to the door. Fent looks up at Dad who smiles reassuringly. A man in his mid thirties, BRAD WHITE, opens the door, and looks at them.
147) 0) text: Dad drives down the highway. Fenton sits in the passenger seat staring out the window. Adam is in the back taping Brad's hands and legs. He finishes and slaps an extra pie of tape over his mouth.
147) 6) dialog: (to Dad) You alright?
147) 8) dialog: I thought God was supposed to protect _ us.
148) 0) text: The van pulls up in the driveway. Fenton gets out and ope the side door. Adam is asleep, but Brad is awake. He look right at Fenton. Dad comes around the side of the van and sees that Brad is awake. He puts on his gloves.
149) 1) text: Dad drops Brad on the floor. Fenton hangs back on the ste holding the lantern and the axe. Dad steps back from Brad exhausted and holding his stomach. He looks over at Fento
149) 3) dialog: I'm ready to fulfill my destiny. Dad looks at Fenton, smiles, and walks over to Brad on th floor, peeling off his gloves. Brad watches Dad and says something muffled by the tape.
149) 8) text: toh CONTINUED: . Fenton opens his eyes and sees Adam on the floor, cradlin Dad's limp head, crying. Adam sees Fenton looking at him.
150) 0) text: Doyle drives. Fenton sits in the backseat. They drive alo in silence. There are tears in Fenton's eyes. He looks ou the window at the rain, and wipes at his tears. Doyle gla at Fenton in the rearview.
150) 3) dialog: I buried him in the Rose Garden. He doesn't say anymore.
150) 5) dialog: We went to the sheriff about a week later, right before school started and told him that Dad hadn't come home one day. Doyle waits for him to continue, but he doesn't.
150) 7) dialog: (sighs) . The sheriff filled out a missing persons report, but never found anything. We were sent to separate orphanages after awhile. (CONTINUED)
150) 11) dialog: Maybe he did. I don't know. He never questioned us about any of it. He looks back out the window.
150) 13) dialog: Nope. Not until now.
150) 15) dialog: Do you mind if we just sit here for awhile? I don't feel like talking anymore. Doyle looks frustrated, but doesn't say anything.
152) 0) text: Doyle drives as Fenton looks out the window at the garden
152) 1) dialog: Pull over here. Doyle pulls the car over. Fenton yawns.
152) 3) dialog: They tore it down almost ten years ago. Let me out. Doyle gets out and opens the backdoor for him. He reaches in to give him a hand, but Fenton refuses. (CONTINUED)
152) 5) dialog: I've got it.
153) 0) text: They enter through a narrow gap in the chain link fence n the back of the garden. Fenton walks off through the wet weeds to a small, barely noticeable path. Doyle follows.
153) 1) dialog: (as they walk) It's a little further back this way.
153) 3) dialog: I said it was near the back. They continue to walk, the garden proper disappearing beh them as they enter a thicket of trees.
153) 5) dialog: It was later that night...
154) 0) text: Fenton digs a hole. Adam sits on the ground next to Dad's corpse, holding him and crying. Fenton finishes digging t hole, and walks over to the corpse. Adam looks up at him angrily with tears in his eyes. Fenton pulls Dad away fro Adam and drags him into the hole. He picks up the shovel and starts to fill the hole. Adam stands over the hole watching Dad being slowly covered with dirt.
155) 0) text: Fenton packs the dirt on the ground and then looks at Ada who is glaring at him with hatred. (CONTINUED)
155) 5) dialog: If you ever destroy me Adam, promise me you'll bury me here. Adam glares at hin.
156) 0) text: Doyle and Fenton are still walking, though the woods have become thicker.
156) 2) dialog: That's right.
156) 4) dialog: Not killed. Destroyed.
156) 7) dialog: It does if the man in front of you is Adam Meeks and not Fenton Meeks.
158) 0) text: Fenton (previously Adam) sits at a small desk in the corn of the living room, typing on an old typewriter. The song plays on an old record player on the other side of the ro He hums along with it as he types. On ‘the desk there are two stacks of paper. Taped to the wall in front of the de are several newspaper clippings from the God's Hand case a single piece of paper with seven names on it, six of th crossed out. Fenton pulls the piece of paper out of the typewriter, puts it on top of one of the stacks of paper, takes another sheet from the other stack, puts it in the typewriter, and starts to type again.
159) 0) text: Fenton lays on the floor with his hands and feet taped. There is a trickle of blood on his forehead. Adam leans o the desk, the axe next to him, watching him. Fenton opens his eyes, dazed, tries to move, but can't. He looks aroun and sees Adam. He looks at him for a long moment.
159) 4) dialog: So you finally came for me.
159) 6) dialog: I knew this day would come.
159) 8) dialog: Dad would be so proud of you. You always were his favorite. You even look kind of like him, you know it?
159) 10) dialog: To lure you to me and get this whole thing over with once and for all. 1 just couldn't take it anymore. I like to be the hunter not the hunted. I knew when those killings made the news, you'd track me down. I have to admit though, I didn't expect you to wait so long. Six people. You let six people die before you came after me.
159) 12) dialog: You might call it something else, but you're a murderer just like me. The only difference is you kill for God and I kill because I like it. The look in their eyes as they die, the way the blood feels on my flesh. It makes me feel good.
159) 16) dialog: (half sings) It put that joy joy joy joy down in my heart. Adam looks away from him, fighting his emotions.
159) 17) dialog: C'mon Adam, you're supposed to say where remember? Adam pulls off one of his gloves. _.
159) 18) dialog: I guess that's not your favorite song anymore. Fenton looks at Adam's bare hand, and smiles sadistically
159) 19) dialog: Remember the look in Dad's eyes that night?
159) 21) dialog: I should have killed you when I first got to town, but that was too easy. I had to have you come for me. (laughs bitterly) I guess I forgot that God protects you. But he didn't protect all those people I killed in the past twenty years. And he sure didn't protect Dad, did he? Adam walks around Fenton, takes a roll of tape out of his pocket, and tears off a big piece.
163) 0) text: The operator sits at her desk still reading the novel fro earlier. The phone rings, and as she reaches for it a fol piece of paper falls out of the book. She answers the pho transfers the call, and then unfolds the paper. She reads the typed words, "God's hand has taken William Doyle." He eyes widen. She drops the paper on her desk and grabs the phone. ‘Next to the piece of paper is the book. The cover has a picture of single red rose with the title Frailty a it, and the words by Fenton Meeks underneath it.