50) 0) text: Queen and Slim walk hand in hand. Junior leads the way.
50) 2) dialog: There’s nothing to do around here. People just go to work and go home. 79.
50) 4) dialog: I can’t believe y’all are here. I was just watching you on TV and now you're right here next to me. Shit is crazy. Slim remembers what it was like to be Junior's age. When weight of the world wasn’t on his shoulders and everythin was exciting.
50) 5) dialog: I hope y’all make it. Without knowing it Junior reminds them their days could b numbered - and every breath should be cherished.
50) 7) dialog: Even if y’all don’t it’1ll be okay.
50) 9) dialog: Cause then you’1ll be immortal. Slim walks quietly - digesting the thought.
51) 2) dialog: Yeah.
55) 0) text: We're following Junior walking down the street with purpo 62 63 64 84. We watch as he walks up on a protest. The same one the journalist spoke of on the radio. He joins - A SEA OF BLACK and BROWN BODIES are MARCHING i PROTEST. They are full of PRIDE and VENOM. They hold up signs in support of Queen and Slim. They cha and walk proudly. The PROTESTORS are surrounded by POLICE OFFICERS. The Officers are dressed in SWAT GEAR. Ready for war. The Officers form a line. The Protestors form a line oppo them. The Police stand completely still like statues of oppress in the South. The Protestors are vibrant not violent.
59) 0) text: Junior stands in front of the crowd. He looks like a youn Eldridge Cleaver. A BLACK POLICE OFFICER stops him from going any further. Officer is dressed in bullet proof gear from head to toe. Junior is only wearing a hoodie and sweatpants to protect him. It’s David and Goliath all over again.
59) 2) dialog: I’m not your son.
59) 4) dialog: I don’t have to tell you that.
59) 6) dialog: I have a right to protest.
59) 8) dialog: What you gon do, kill me?
61) 0) text: Junior watches the Police Officer fall to the ground in f of him. He has succeeded in killing a giant that meant hi harm, but he feels justified just the same. A SEA of SWAT MEMBERS descend on Junior and tackle him to ground. His future is uncertain.
89) 0) text: HUNDREDS OF PEOPLE, mostly Black and Latino, stand in the streets holding flowers with sad eyes. They pour into the streets to pay their respects to two ordinary people that became sacrificial lambs. It’s reminiscent of BIGGIE’S funeral. Only this time ther no music being played from boom boxes. There’s no animati or joy to be found. We see Slim’s beloved father in the crowd. He bows his he and takes off his hat as his son’s casket rolls by. Slim's family consists of his OLDER BROTHER, his ELEGANT MOTHER and HIS BROTHER'S CHILDREN - two nephews and one niece. The only person there to grieve QUEEN is Earl. He cries uncontrollably as he reaches out to touch her casket. It’ covered in white hydrangeas. Her favorite. YOUNG KIDS hold up the PHOTO Junior took of Queen & Slim the car. As we linger on the photo and their innocent faces, we --