64) 1) dialog: We've been expecting you. Before they walk in Slim notices a NOSEY NEIGHBOR peeking the window.
65) 0) text: THE SHEPHERDS sit on a couch across from Queen and Slim. MRS. SHEPHERD is a college educated with views more conservative than she’d like to admit. Mr. Shepherd has just given them a devastating update.
65) 4) dialog: You knew the boy?
65) 13) dialog: They didn’t start it. She cuts her eyes at his husband.
65) 17) dialog: Don’t let your pride get you killed.
65) 19) dialog: I got secret hiding spots all over this place. Even if the cops come here - they won't be able to find you. He thinks for a beat. 72 89.
65) 21) dialog: Y’all hungry?
66) 9) dialog: No. Queen cuts her eyes at Mrs. Shepherd.
66) 10) dialog: Earl told me you needed a plane. 90.
66) 12) dialog: I know a guy. I already gave hima call. Mr. Shepherd gets up from the table and grabs a notepad. WRITES DOWN AN ADDRESS and hands it to Queen.
66) 13) dialog: Tell him I sent you. Queen slips it in her pocket.
66) 15) dialog: I‘1l lead us in a prayer.
66) 17) dialog: Of course. Queen takes a deep breath. She’s never done this before.
66) 20) dialog: Amen. Amen. Everyone starts to eat. Queen looks up at Slim and notice for the first time he’s not shoveling food into his mouth He’s not chewing like a cow. He’s taking his time and savoring every bite. This is a change he isn’t aware of, she is. Queen stares at him for a long beat and smiles. 73 91. Then AN AGGRESSIVE VOICE COMING FROM OUTSIDE interrupts t peaceful dinner.
66) 22) dialog: Okay, I want you two to run upstairs and go into the yellow bedroom on the left. Hide under the bed.
66) 24) dialog: There are loose panels under the bed. Hide under there and don’t make a sound.
66) 26) dialog: Go. Now! Queen and Slim run upstairs in search of the yellow bedro While Mr. Shepherd quickly gets rid of Queen and Slim’s plates to make it look like there were only two people breaking bread instead of four.
67) 0) text: Mr. & Mrs. Shepherd walk outside slowly with their hands raised. The SWAT LEADER immediately starts searching them both. M Shepherd dissolves into tears. Mr. Shepherd is stoic. 74 75 92.
67) 1) dialog: Do you have a warrant?! He holds one up.
67) 2) dialog: I want to read that.
69) 0) text: Queen and Slim make their way to the MASTER BEDROOM. They to lift up the panels under the bed. Some of them lift ea while others are stuck and won’t budge. Slim starts to sw bullets. Queen does her best to loosen them up as fast as can. They move quickly - but they aren’t fast enough. Determined FOOTSTEPS make their way into the bedroom. The bedroom door SWINGS OPEN. Silence. We follow the FEET looking in the closet and then out the window to see if they jumped. Then we PAN UP to reveal the feet belong to the Swat Lead that shoved a warrant in Mr. Shepherd's face. He stares at the bed and grins. Then he lifts it up with quick swoop, and -- Nothing. They aren’t there.
71) 2) dialog: We don’t know where they’re going. He kneels down and gets in Mrs. Shepherd’s face.