1) 0) text: The POLICE OFFICER steps out of his car and makes his way Slim’s door. He motions for Slim to roll down his window. He does.
1) 1) dialog: Can you turn the radio down? Slim pauses for a beat. Then he does as he’s told. He’s always been good at being obedient. The Police Officer aims the light directly in Slim’s eyes Slim quickly shields his face so he can see what’s in fro of him.
1) 2) dialog: Put your hand down. He does as he’s told.
1) 4) dialog: I’m trying to see inside the vehicle.
1) 6) dialog: License and registration. Slim reaches for his wallet.
1) 8) dialog: I can see that.
1) 10) dialog: Do you have something you wanna say to me?
1) 12) dialog: Do you know why I pulled you over?
1) 14) dialog: You forgot to use your signal back there. And you swerved a bit. Queen shakes her head.
1) 16) dialog: Yeah, it is. The Police Officer takes Slim’s license and registration slowly walks back to his squad car. Queen sits there. Seething. Slim is calm as a cucumber.
2) 0) text: The Police Officer talks to his DISPATCHER. On his dashboard we see a PHOTO. It’s a picture of his WI and KIDS. The Kids are TWIN BOYS. They both have blonde hair and gr eyes. They’re completely unaware of how privileged their lives will be simply because they were born white and mal The Wife is a bored brunette whose dreams are no bigger t her backyard.
2) 2) dialog: Black male. Black female. Both late twenties. They’re in a white Honda. (MORE )
2) 4) dialog: Driver changed lanes without signaling. He was driving erratically.
2) 6) dialog: I don’t know yet. I’11 make him do a breathalyzer.
2) 8) dialog: Will do.
3) 1) dialog: Will you step out of the vehicle, please?
3) 4) dialog: No, you can’t. Step out of the car. Before he gets out of the car Queen and Slim lock eyes. H doesn’t know Queen very well, but he can tell she has the spirit of Nat Turner wrestling inside of her. Slim steps out and puts his hands on the roof of the car. Police Officer proceeds to search him, aggressively.
3) 5) dialog: You got any sharp objects in your pockets I should know about?
3) 7) dialog: Any illegal substances? 12.
3) 9) dialog: What about in the vehicle?
4) 0) text: Queen’s left knee bounces uncontrollably. Her chest goes and down. Queen looks in the rearview mirror and sees the Police Officer interrogating Slim on the side of the road.
5) 0) text: The Police Officer finishes patting Slim down.
5) 1) dialog: Have you been drinking tonight?
5) 3) dialog: Why is that funny?
5) 5) dialog: Do me a favor, pop the trunk.
5) 7) dialog: Because I asked you to. Slim hesitates. 13.
5) 9) dialog: Let’s see ‘em.
5) 11) dialog: Can I help you?
5) 13) dialog: Ma’‘am, he’s already agreed to the search. So I don’t need one. Slim pops the trunk. He was telling the truth. The only thing in his trunk are bunch of sneakers. Consumerism is his only vice. Slim feels vindicated and violated at the same time.
5) 16) dialog: What’s in the boxes?
5) 18) dialog: I’m gonna check just to be sure.
5) 21) dialog: Get on the ground and put your hands behind your back, now!
5) 23) dialog: Get on the ground! Slim does as he’s told. The Officer keeps the gun pointed at Slim’s head while looking at Slim’s car to make sure Queen stays inside. But after a beat she GETS OUT OF THE CAR to see what the is going on.
5) 25) dialog: Ma’am if you don’t get back in the car I’m gonna have to arrest you too.
5) 27) dialog: Get back in the vehicle now!
5) 29) dialog: Keep your hands where I can see them! !
32) 0) text: Earl opens the door to find a BLACK POLICE OFFICER standi there. He was picked on as a child so now he spends all h time in the gym.
32) 2) dialog: I’m just here to make sure everybody’s okay. Earl turns to look at Naomi. Whose face is starting to bruise.
32) 7) dialog: A neighbor heard some commotion and got concerned.
32) 9) dialog: Do you?
32) 11) dialog: You got a new truck? Earl is pissed Slim didn’t park that shit in the back.
32) 13) dialog: You mind if I come in?
34) 0) text: The Police Officer takes a closer look at the license pla on the truck. The Kentucky license plate gives him pause.
34) 1) dialog: I think I will come back with that warrant.
34) 3) dialog: Keep your hands to yourself, Earl. I don’t wanna have to come back here again.
35) 0) text: The truck that the black police officer just took a pictu of is currently ENGULFED IN FLAMES. Earl stands back and watches it burn with glee. He likes destroying things. Goddess hands Earl a small piece of paper. He looks at it for a beat. Then hands it off to Queen, al with an envelope full of cash.
48) 0) text: We see a POLICE OFFICER was listening to their conversati SLIM'S MOTHER, a dignified woman who never leaves the hou without makeup on, sits next to her husband - defiantly.
48) 1) dialog: Why the fuck would you do that?! The Police Officer snatches the phone from Slim’s Father. 76.
48) 3) dialog: You're under arrest for helping a fugitive.
48) 5) dialog: We're going to find them.
55) 0) text: We're following Junior walking down the street with purpo 62 63 64 84. We watch as he walks up on a protest. The same one the journalist spoke of on the radio. He joins - A SEA OF BLACK and BROWN BODIES are MARCHING i PROTEST. They are full of PRIDE and VENOM. They hold up signs in support of Queen and Slim. They cha and walk proudly. The PROTESTORS are surrounded by POLICE OFFICERS. The Officers are dressed in SWAT GEAR. Ready for war. The Officers form a line. The Protestors form a line oppo them. The Police stand completely still like statues of oppress in the South. The Protestors are vibrant not violent.
59) 0) text: Junior stands in front of the crowd. He looks like a youn Eldridge Cleaver. A BLACK POLICE OFFICER stops him from going any further. Officer is dressed in bullet proof gear from head to toe. Junior is only wearing a hoodie and sweatpants to protect him. It’s David and Goliath all over again.
59) 1) dialog: If you don’t vacate the premises I’m gonna have to arrest you, son.
59) 3) dialog: What’s your name, young man?
59) 5) dialog: I don’t want to hurt you. Trust me. But it’s my job to clear the streets. Which means you can’t be here.
59) 7) dialog: I understand that, but you don’t have a permit. So that means you're breaking the law.
59) 9) dialog: No, but I will arrest you. The Police Officer LIFTS UP THE BULLETPROOF SHIELD ON HIS HELMET - so there’s one less barrier between them.
59) 10) dialog: I’m begging you. Go home. 66 67 68 69 70 86. The Police Officer GRABS Junior by his arms -- in an atte to calm him down. But he wrestles free. Junior pulls out a SMALL HAND GUN. He aims it at the only part of the Officer’s body that’s not covered. He SHOOTS him in the face. Causing the Officer’s head to EXPLODE IN HIS HELMET.
61) 0) text: Junior watches the Police Officer fall to the ground in f of him. He has succeeded in killing a giant that meant hi harm, but he feels justified just the same. A SEA of SWAT MEMBERS descend on Junior and tackle him to ground. His future is uncertain.
75) 0) text: Two POLICE OFFICERS are standing guard out front. Police Officer 1, is out of shape and always in a good mood. Pol Officer 2, is too intense for his own good. Police Officer 1 hears Queen’s muffled groans.
75) 1) dialog: Did you hear that?
75) 2) dialog: Hear what? 82
75) 3) dialog: It sounds like somebody’s crying.
75) 4) dialog: No, it’s just nature. You city boys ain’t used to that shit.
75) 5) dialog: Don’t refer to me as a boy.
75) 6) dialog: You know what I meant.
75) 7) dialog: Look, I know the difference between a person and an animal.
75) 8) dialog: Then go walk around.
75) 9) dialog: Man, watch how you talk to me.
75) 10) dialog: Touchy touchy. Police Officer 1 starts to walk around the property.
77) 0) text: Police Officer 1 walks around, looking to see if anyone’s there. He sees the garage. But doesn’t hear anything. He cocks his gun, and walks over to the garage.
79) 1) dialog: What was it?
79) 2) dialog: A couple deer got caught in some branches. I set ‘em free.
79) 3) dialog: Told you. As Police Officer 1 grins, we --
86) 2) dialog: Get on the ground now! Put your hands behind your head. Queen and Slim look at each other. Never letting go of ea other’s hand.
86) 3) dialog: Get on the ground now!
86) 11) dialog: Stop walking! He doesn’t.
86) 12) dialog: Put your hands up, now! He doesn’t.
86) 13) dialog: Stop or we’ll shoot! He keeps walking. Defiantly. Then -- BOOM! BOOM! Two bullets BLOW through his chest. He plummets to the ground. Never letting go of her. He died just as he had lived - with pride and a quiet dignity. They both lay there on the pavement. In a pool of their o blood. Their bodies making an unintentional cross. 93 94 110. The COPS put their guns down. Feeling powerful and guilty the same time. It’s an adrenaline rush they can’t describ The Police Officers look at Queen and Slim’s dead bodies. Observing them. Not unlike a hunter observes his prey.