43) 0) text: AUSTEN (12) plays Skyrim on a brand new Mac PowerBook. Th tech, futuristic sheen of the Apple is utterly at odds wi the room Austen is in: money seems to be in short supply Austen is a cut and paste hoodie: a white boy going nowhe JADEN (18, white) enters. Lean and strong, Jaden is savvy but drugs have left their mark on his face and in his eye
43) 2) dialog: No way! Fuck off now, brah! Jaden whacks Austen around the head ­ light, but hard en to break his grip. Jaden puts the computer to one side; t way he handles it suggests that replacing it would be a s Austen attacks him, but Jaden restrains him. 39 | P a g e
43) 4) dialog: Fuck that. Gimme . . ! Austen makes for the Mac again, but Jaden restrains him. They fight a moment, but it's futile: Austen pulls back, humiliated and outraged. He kisses his teeth and birds.
43) 6) dialog: Yeah? Well ain't you my brah.
43) 8) dialog: Fuck the homework. Fuck school. . .
43) 10) dialog: Yeah well.
43) 12) dialog: Gonna get my own, white boy. See.
43) 14) dialog: You ain't my dad, fam. My dad ain't my dad. The sound of the front door opening and slamming shut, OS Jaden curses, thinks. Jaden is always thinking. He exits suddenly.
45) 0) text: Cool and calm, Austen pockets a wad of cash. The youth he with stuffs something in his jacket pocket. They touch fi 41 | P a g e Austen goes on his way. He feels like a proper man. He wa He sees Jaden way ahead. Jaden sees him, starts running. Austen runs. The streets blur around him into a narrative his life: the urban landscape dancing to the beat of his Runs, runs, runs Jaden and Austen They sprint the streets, the alleys, the music, and then Jaden catches him and
46) 0) text: In the kitchen-diner: Jaden, Austen and their dad: PAUL ( Paul says a prayer before they eat their corner shop meal Jaden's hands are together in respect for Paul. Austen deliberately pays no attention to the ritual at all.
48) 0) text: The meal over, Jaden does the dishes. Paul sits at the ta Austen playing Skyrim in the next room is audible. Paul breaks down in a fit of coughing. Christ watches on.
49) 0) text: Jaden grabs the Mac off Austen again. This time Austen co
52) 0) text: Jaden bursts in, but quietly. His silence doesn't diminis power of his intent. Scared, Austen's looks up at him sud from his bed, where he plays Call of Duty on a TV console
52) 2) text: What the fuck, brah. Who been at my stash ­ any thoughts? Or thoughts nowhere near that tiny size brain (raps on Austen's head with his knuckles)? No one messes with my stash ­ no matter who ­ hear? Ain't no brah of mine gonna sink to stealing and dealin' like some stinkin' hood rat skunk jus' to prove his manhood ­ readin'? I's fuckin' me and you got destiny, swear. Don't look to me. Don't like me. Don't follow me, don't run from me, don't watch me: just get wiv' the school shit and grow up like the old man wants ­ hear? The potency of Jaden's emotion and words shocks Austen; b now Austen shows nothing but the pride and power he admir Austen reaches into his jacket pocket on the chair by his 44 | P a g e
52) 3) dialog: Take the money, brah ­ just . . . Jaden stops him.
54) 15) dialog: Watching him, his brother and his idol. So now we
55) 0) text: Jaden crouches down in the darkness, blood on his hands, on his shirt, blood on his cut torso, blood on his soul. Jaden stashes his gun in a cloth under the floorboards. Jaden is tormented by what he's done. Self-loathing. J.C. and the other dead guys ­ a bloodbath. Sirens growi Jaden throws up on a street corner. Jaden tucks his old man up in bed safe. All the time Austen seems to be watching, learning, admiring. Idolisin
56) 0) text: In the kitchen-diner: Jaden, Austen and Paul. Paul says a prayer before they eat their corner shop meal Austen looks at the crappy bandages around Jaden's torso. Jaden's hands are together in respect for Paul. Austen pr but is now confused. He's scared, but totally in awe of J
58) 0) text: The games console in Austen's bedroom sits unused. 3.65 INT. JADEN's ROOM - EVENING Jaden winces with the agony in his cut bloody torso. 48 | P a g e
60) 0) text: Austen walks home from school. Kids look at him. Something has changed.
62) 0) text: Austen hears the sound of the shower running. He enters
63) 0) text: He tiptoes to the floorboards near Jaden's bed. He very cautiously levers a floorboard up. Crystals, pill pipes, weed ­ but much more than before. But not what he to see. So Austen puts the floorboard back. He goes to th door, listens again. The shower still runs. He tiptoes ba Jaden's bed, looks around. He lifts up Jaden's pillow.
66) 0) text: Jaden drives Austen, who is in his school uniform. His ha up on the wheel, the dragon tat on Jaden's arm is visible To Austen, Jaden looks a little pale, a little ill. They see a cop car. Another passes them coming the other
66) 1) dialog: Five oh everywhere. Wot's poppin?
66) 3) dialog: Bacon fryin' for breakfast. Jaden throws him a look. Their shared secret dominates their every breath.
66) 4) dialog: Wot's poppin with the pussy, fam?
66) 6) dialog: I wonder if you should mind you language in front of your baby brah, blood.
66) 8) dialog: Potato, potarto, tomato, tomarto. They drive a while. Then Jaden sees that Austen's hair 10 exactly matches his own in terms of its length and stylin 50 | P a g e
66) 10) dialog: And? They approach the school. Austen glances at Jaden's torso and then gets out of the
67) 0) text: By torchlight under his duvet, Austen draws a `tat' on hi forearm with a biro that matches Jaden's real tat perfect
69) 0) text: Jaden and Austen kneel beside Paul in prayer. Except that Jaden only kneels on one knee and Austen on neither; and neither of them are really praying. Beside them Paul pray with worshipers in the congregation of a dozen or so. Jaden's hoodie hood is down out of respect. Austen has hi hoodie hood up. Jaden pulls it down. Austen throws him a kisses his tongue. Jaden's eyes darken. Austen relents. Jaden looks over, sees a man who seems wrong in here. He twigs: plain clothes COP. Cops don't pray and this one is 51 | P a g e
76) 0) text: Paul brings tea into the living room for himself and the from the church. Austen stands uneasily near the door. In dress, haircut and demeanour he is a perfect model of Jad
76) 2) text: Thank you Mister Mountjoy. (to Austen) I don't want you to feel pressured, Austen. You haven't done anything, so relax. Paul goes to Austen and puts an arm around his wonderful The Cop sips the tea. COP (cont'd)
76) 3) text: Oh thank you Mister Mountjoy. My brand: Costmart's own! (smiles, then, to Austen) All I need to know is where your brother Jaden is at the moment, Austen. When was the last time you saw him? You say he normally lives here: where is he now, today? Confusion fills Austen's scared face. His dilemma is comp Silent in his agony, Christ watches on.
77) 0) text: Austen lifts up the stash floorboard. There is nothing th 53 | P a g e
78) 0) text: Austen takes a breath, then slices his torso in the same Jaden was cut. He winces. He hadn't expected it to hurt t much. Blood flows down and out of the crappy bath plughol
79) 0) text: Austen dabs at his new manhood wound, which won't stop bleeding. There are mountains of bloody toilet roll on th shelf and floor near him. On the toilet roll holder there no paper left. Austen looks at his new wound in the mirro He makes a gun of his hand and shoots himself in the mirr Cool.
80) 0) text: Fugitive Jaden stands looking into the flowing river. He pale and gaunt and dirty. Austen stands behind him. He lo exactly how Jaden used to look. And his torso is bandaged Jaden squints at him.
80) 2) dialog: I didn't tell the pigs. Just (falters, then) . . . just Hugo up school. Traffic SOUNDS ebb and die. History flows down to the sea
80) 3) dialog: Told because I was proud of ya brah. Massive proud. Jaden looks at him. Proud of him? Fuck.
80) 4) dialog: Couldn't help it. Jaden has to hold on to the railings now.
80) 5) dialog: What the pigs gonna do with ya? 54 | P a g e Jaden looks around him. Darkness is falling. Austen produces a gun from the base of his spine. His gun
80) 7) dialog: Only way you're gonna stop me turning into you is by killing me, brah. Long one short. Austen holds his arms out as if to say `this is what I am Jaden reaches for the base of his spine. Austen stands there waiting for Jaden's bullet. Jaden takes his hand away from his gun. Jaden mumbles something inaudible.
80) 8) dialog: Say what brah? Too much . . . He indicates his ears, that wanking makes you deaf, laugh
81) 1) dialog: (Jaden's memory)
82) 0) text: In the kitchen-diner: Austen and Paul at the table. Paul says a prayer before they eat their corner shop meal Austen's hands are together in respect for Paul. But Paul can't speak. Austen sees his tears, which escape behind the barrier of his cracked hands like eager jewels Austen gets up and hugs his father with all his life.
83) 0) text: Not remotely resembling Jaden, Austen gets on with his