88) 0) text: Uri sits at a huge, polished oak business meeting table. now dressed in a business shirt, tie and three-piece suit a louche handkerchief in his breast pocket adds a touch o flare to his sombre ensemble. Uri is somewhat frustrated. 59 | P a g e Three other suits are at the table: BOOTHY (50s), the bos SILK (40s), #2, and PARKER (30s), #3. All but Parker are middle class and business-like. In here, PC efficiency is
88) 1) dialog: Has the next of kin been informed? Silk clears his throat.
88) 3) dialog: (inform her)
88) 7) dialog: As the board understood it, the prisoner was verified as the jihadi. There was DNA. . .
88) 9) dialog: (not impressed)
88) 14) dialog: So not only do we have no further intel about the event, we have another next of kin, a nuclear bloody winter of media fallout and the inevitable Whitehall storm. We also have another body to . . .
88) 16) dialog: (refers to laptop)
88) 22) dialog: Likely? Christ! This is the kind of thing the media gorges on for months! We can't . . . 61 | P a g e
88) 25) dialog: Spare me the party line, Uri, for God sake! This'll wiki itself sky high unless . . .
88) 27) dialog: We're getting off-message here.
88) 29) dialog: What we're here to establish is how a freelance writer get's wrongly arrested, subjected to (makes quotation marks with his fingers) rendition and is then tortured by experts in the certainty that he is in fact a terrorist planning acts against the common good. On home soil against the Great British public et cetera. (beat) He was as innocent as any of us. Any answers, Uri? 62 | P a g e Silence a beat, then:
88) 31) dialog: The man wrote a column for the Economist, for God sake! Silence a beat, then:
88) 33) dialog: What we also need to establish is whether he was killed deliberately, or by . . .
90) 5) dialog: NP was arrested on the night of the fourth (reads more then) Transported under guard to the facility. Work began on the seventh to determine. . . Boothy removes his glasses, looks at Uri.
90) 6) dialog: So what was going on between the fourth and the seventh? Uri clears his throat.
90) 10) dialog: Well not a bad choice at that time of year. We recommended that to do didn't we?
91) 2) dialog: We actually tried Corfu this year. Not bad В­ though it could have been warmer. Elle listens to the caring sharing voice on the phone. 64 | P a g e She listens, then puts her hand to her mouth. Her beautif eyes cloud with tears. She starts to buckle and sway. The collapses. There's a certain grace to the way she does it
92) 0) text: Boothy and Parker laugh at/with Silk. Uri's face is stone
92) 1) dialog: Oh Lord, Michael; if we left it to you we'll all be holidaying on the Norfolk Broads! Silk pulls a `well actually' face. There is some laughter until Boothy stops laughing and re-focusses on their agen Boothy reads from his laptop again, then removes his glas
92) 2) dialog: What we're left with is something of a mess. I'm sure you agree. He looks at Uri and waits. The others do the same.
92) 4) dialog: (into the intercom)
92) 8) dialog: (into the intercom)
92) 9) text: Thanks Sharon. Boothy scratches his head, refocuses. Uri waits.
94) 1) dialog: Thanks Sharon. Sharon smiles a response. She closes the door behind her. Parker reaches out and grabs a digestive, which he eats.
94) 4) dialog: (to Parker)
94) 5) text: Make yourself at home, minister. Boothy and Silk grab a biscuit. Uri sips his coffee. He REACTS. The coffee is scalding. He has SCALDED his tongue.
100) 0) text: Uri feels his burnt tongue. Boothy, Silk and Parker obser
100) 1) dialog: What we need to establish, Uri, is whether, having found out (more)
100) 5) dialog: So you did the judicious thing and disposed of the suspect accordingly?