0) 3) dialog: (phone filter)
0) 6) dialog: (phone filter)
0) 10) dialog: (laughter, phone filter)
0) 13) dialog: (phone filter)
0) 17) dialog: (phone filter)
0) 20) dialog: (phone filter)
10) 0) text: Vaughn sits on a bench and waits. He pulls his coat aroun against the biting cold. He checks his mobile again. Noth The unthinkable crosses his face. Surely not. But then BROOKE (38) walks across the playground toward him. She s him, hurries. It takes him a moment to recognise her. Tha troubles him. He smiles at her ­ his first smile in a lo time. Her smile speaks of very real joy after very real p He stands in order to greet her. She tries not to cry, bu it's impossible. She embraces and kisses him passionately She looks at him like he's all she ever wanted. He sees disguised scars on her face. The scars of pain in her eye
10) 1) dialog: Vaughn Black. Will you come out and play? She holds him, lays her head against his chest.
10) 2) dialog: Thank you. She has found her home in him. And he is unsettled.
11) 0) text: Brooke opens the door of the fridge in the kitchen for Va
11) 1) dialog: Beer, water or tea? The world's your oyster. Vaughn smiles at her, looks around. It's pretty crummy.
11) 3) dialog: Three months, four days, seven and a quarter hours.
11) 6) dialog: My lord. She smiles her love. He accepts it. He wants it ­ all of She puts the kettle on. A beat of silence.
11) 7) dialog: What you did . . . I mean I appreciate what you've done for me ­ for us. All I can tell you is that it will be worth it. We're meant to be together, V. You've always said that. His mobile phone bleeps a text message. He ignores it.
11) 9) dialog: I've been waiting to show you. She smiles again. Taking her cue, he looks at the portrai photography on the walls in the living room. It's brillia
11) 11) dialog: You want to grab a shower. We should go out and celebrate. She does another little dance of joy.
11) 13) dialog: No! She screams a little, laughs a lot. She buries her nose i armpits ­ or tries to. They play-fight and kiss. The kis develops into more. She wants him. They are lost in each until Vaughn slows them down, pulls back slightly, gently
11) 15) dialog: I'll show you. Might even watch you. A man in my shower. The little boy a little girl fell in love with. Once upon a time.
11) 18) dialog: And now . . . The kettle boils. It doesn't turn itself off. They hold e other's eyes. The kettle over boils. The thing between th builds and builds until she suddenly laughs and turns the kettle off. He indicates upstairs, and then exits upstair She watches him go. Her excitement is obvious. If she sen that something is wrong, there is no outward sign of it.
11) 19) text: IMAGES: Brooke being attacked by a knife wielding lover; Brooke curled in a bloody ball, weeping; Brooke the 5 yea child playing with a 7 year old boy in long lost sunshine
12) 0) text: Dusting snow off them, Vaughn and Brooke come through the front door, which Brooke closes behind them. They're drun laughing, and sexual. Snow falling is visible outside.
12) 2) dialog: (eventually)
12) 8) dialog: You don't need to be. Take your time.
12) 14) dialog: It's nothing. Really.
12) 19) dialog: We have forever. Oh my love.
12) 22) dialog: We have forever. Promise?
12) 23) text: IMAGE: Brooke being shanked by her jealous ex-lover.
16) 0) text: Vaughn enters. Brooke rushes to him, smothers him in kiss They hold each other. For a moment he is free of care.
16) 1) dialog: Good day, bad day . . ?
16) 4) dialog: Got something for you lover-boy.
17) 0) text: Brooke leads him in by the hand. A new suit, some new shi new business and casual shoes, and some men's accessories on the kitchen table. Dirty crockery lies in the kitchen He goes to the new gear, handles it, and smiles at her.
17) 3) dialog: So now you've got everything you need here. So now . . .
17) 8) dialog: Brooke? You never call me that.
18) 0) text: Vaughn and Brooke shower together. He washes her body gen
19) 0) text: Vaughn and Brooke get into bed together. Candlelight illuminates their naked bodies and throws shadows around They start to make love, but then Vaughn stops. She is deeply hurt, but puts a brave face on it. He doesn't know what to do.
19) 2) dialog: What happened? It's awkward between them: her pain and his change of hea
19) 3) dialog: What happened?
19) 4) text: IMAGE: Brooke being shanked by her jealous ex-lover.
20) 0) text: Vaughn and Brooke in bed: it should be heaven but its hel 14 | P a g e
21) 0) text: Vaughn enters the house awkwardly. Mia avoids his eyes. He's wearing the new clothes Brooke bought him.
23) 2) dialog: Boo! She laughs and runs toward him, but he isn't impressed.
23) 3) dialog: What's wrong? 16 | P a g e
23) 6) dialog: Blimey ­ someone lost their sense of humour.
23) 8) dialog: I thought you'd be pleased for me. I got a job!
23) 12) dialog: Start on Monday. It'll be good for us ­ we can be DINKYs.
23) 16) dialog: You're hungry. Thirsty? Let me get you a drink. Drink for my king. Then maybe . . .
24) 0) text: Vaughn and Brooke begin to make love in bed. It's better time: their passion builds; it's going to be OK. But then He begins to falter and she begins to cry. Her cry become
24) 4) dialog: Does it matter? He was jealous. He's everything you're not. Vaughn? You love me. Baby? You don't need to fear him. They're just scars. Oh God, no. Vaughn? They're just scars for God sake. This is my body! Vaughn searches for words, but he finds only his reality. Reaching critical emotional mass, she gets up quickly, pu the overhead light on. It seems stark and horribly bright She weeps, reveals her damaged knife SCARRED body to him.
24) 5) dialog: Can you see properly? Can you? (of her scars) Do you like them?
24) 6) text: IMAGE: Brooke being shanked by her jealous ex-lover.
25) 3) dialog: Smart question Vaughn, smart. He looks at her. He sees suicide in her eyes. She suddenly lunges for him, starts to punch him. To Vaug this now has the quality of a nightmare. This is impossib
25) 4) dialog: Love me. They struggle. She's no match for him, but he is half hea
25) 5) dialog: Love me! He takes it. She smashes at him. His nose and mouth bleed
25) 6) dialog: Love me, bastard! COWARD! She SCREAMS like a wild animal, goes to punch him again; Vaughn SNAPS: he lashes out at her, sends her flying backwards. She lands badly, gasping with pain and shock. Vaughn's bloody mouth begins to form the word `sorry' aga
25) 7) dialog: It doesn't matter. (long beat) Go back to her. Go back to mama. It's where you belong. Vaughn stands there panting, bleeding; wishing he could c
25) 8) dialog: Go forever. Now. On Vaughn: naked, bleeding and alone, as he tries to reac