108) 0) text: CALEB (20s, white) breaks in through the kitchen window. young and hooded. His thin face is haunted by addiction. Caleb climbs through the window he has just jemmied open. stands in the kitchen a moment, listening. He hears nothi 80 | P a g e He starts to move quietly through the kitchen towards the
109) 0) text: Caleb enters. He looks around, sees the usual living room stuff: a settee, some ornaments, a TV and iPod and iPod d a shelf bearing a few ornaments ­ OK, but Caleb wants mo What Caleb doesn't seem to see are the mantelpiece photos Corporal Shona smiling with her Para mates in Afghanistan Caleb turns and heads towards the door. He goes out into
110) 0) text: Caleb emerges from the living room.
110) 3) dialog: What the fuck ­ easy-peasy, ho!
110) 4) text: She fights him: the focussed power of a trained soldier; he's too strong and doesn't seem to feel blows that shoul causing him a lot of pain. He PUNCHES her in the head twi She goes still. Caleb now pulls the SILENCED GUN he's been trying to get hands on throughout the fight from his jacket pocket. He stands, gasping for breath. He aims the gun at her.
110) 5) dialog: A bitch. I been had by a bitch! (starts to laugh) Stand, bitch.
110) 7) dialog: I said stand up. No way we're gonna have chats with you sprawled. Less you wanna fuck me now that is. She looks up at him. Her evulsion is obvious. He gestures up with the gun. Slowly, carefully, she stand
110) 8) dialog: Well shocky-shocky-shock. Wasn't expecting quite such a welcome. Shona could be a statue.
110) 9) dialog: What the fuck. Caleb still points his gun at her. He looks at her. Nice.
110) 10) dialog: It's Christmas, ho, ho, ho . . . Keeping his gun on her, Caleb turns a lamp on. He sees he average height but athletic, powerful: attractive, damage
110) 11) dialog: Way ­ ho. Choice. Smile for the camera. You got names? He comes closer to her, examines her ­ but keeps his dis She seems calm, but he sees the storm beneath the surface
110) 12) dialog: All fucked up now ain't ya, babe. Who did this to ya? All that moves is her eyes: she watches the gun ­ nothin else. Caleb moves the gun deliberately, making her eyes m
110) 13) dialog: Notable: Lara fuckety Croft. He moves the gun erratically. He can't outpace her eyes.
110) 14) dialog: (game over)
110) 17) dialog: Well ain't you the pocket battleship. We gonna have another swingers, you an' me? Don't think so, bitch. Think you an' me we gonna have chats, get under each other's skinny, maybe get some cosy. Howzat. Fighting some inner battle, she just waits for his next m He's impressed, but suddenly he's bored by this game. He aims the gun at her head.
110) 18) dialog: OK. Let's play the you-kneeling -on-the-floor-now game. I liked you down there. (she doesn't move)
110) 21) dialog: Now we got some kind of understanding. Some kind of parity goin' down. Name, ho. He stands over her, looks down at the booty. She grabs he left shoulder with her right hand and squeezes. The pain her cry out, but she immediately bites her lip silent.
110) 22) dialog: Well well. Now I'm more than (more)
110) 25) dialog: Well that explains. A bona fide fuckin hero. Heroine. Which makes me wonder, actually: where's your stash? The gear? He looks at her, waits. She grimaces in controlled agony.
110) 26) dialog: Don't make me spell it out. You know why we in `ere `aving this. Losing it, he suddenly goes to her, grabs her and drags h the settee. He throws her on it. The pain makes her wince muffles her scream with pride. She now knows he is psycho
110) 27) dialog: DON'T PLAY ME, BITCH. Where's your fuckin' gear. Everybody got gear round this green and pleasant land. He points his gun at her head. She shakes her head no.
110) 28) dialog: What the fuck. You the only bitch I picked in this whole postie with no gear? Fuck. Trust Caleb to pick a soldier. He glances at the photographs again, grins.
110) 29) dialog: You got that uniform still? I like a woman in uniform. She just looks at him through the fog of bloody agony.
110) 30) dialog: How come you so hot, babes? You leave the central heating on all night to keep you snuggles? Nothing like a man for that. 84 | P a g e He removes his jacket, and then the hoodie he wears benea it. She can see his prison tats and scars on his neck. Sh see the injection marks on his dirty, skinny forearms.
110) 31) dialog: Hey ­ what you lookin' at? Look at me. At me eyes, ho. She won't meet his eyes. ON her eyes in ECU: The SOUNDS of war until
110) 32) dialog: I said look at me you fuckin' . . . He jabs the gun into her crotch, leans close to her. She looks him in the eyes. She sees everything that's wro
110) 33) dialog: You know what I am ­ huh? You know what I am, really? (leans close, looks deep into her eyes) I'm hungry. Starved. (stands up, moves towards the door) Wot you gonna give Caleb tweet ­ apart from laters? He grins, looks at her crotch and licks his lips. Her eyes are glass. She closes them to make it all go awa
110) 34) dialog: Hey ­   no: none of that. You stay front   and fucking centre. On the ball.   Keep your soldier eyes on me   no matter what. Hear me? She opens her eyes. The SOUNDS of war. Her war. Her hell.
110) 35) dialog: That's better, soldier soldier. Now don't be going for no walkies ­ `kay? Backing towards the door he looks and points his gun at h
110) 36) dialog: Not a muscle, ho. You stay like a good doggie ­ period. 85 | P a g e He doesn't trust her, but he's going to take a chance. He heads out of the room quickly and goes into the
111) 0) text: Caleb goes through cupboards - fast.
111) 1) dialog: Not a move, babes. I'm watching. (searches cupboards)
111) 3) dialog: (a low whistle)
113) 0) text: Caleb runs up the stairs onto the landing, his gun up.
113) 1) dialog: Hey ­ fuck, bitch. Hey! He hears a noise from the
115) 1) dialog: Come here you fuckin' slag . . . Caleb runs down the stairs after her.
116) 2) dialog: Fucking slippery bitch! SHIT! Caleb points the gun at her. She freezes. He indicates dr the knife with the gun while he holds his cut, bleeding f She puts the knife down. Her eyes never leave his gun.
116) 3) dialog: You stupid fucking slut! Jesus! Shocked by the CUT on his face he aims his gun at her hea
116) 5) dialog: She speaks. She means shoot her.
116) 7) dialog: Don't fuckin' tempt me. His finger squeezes the
116) 10) dialog: What the fuck? No one smiles at Caleb. She still smiles at him.
116) 11) dialog: Stop. (spells) D-O-N-T. I said. . . He shoves the gun at her. But she keeps smiling. Bizarre.
116) 12) dialog: (panicked)
116) 14) dialog: Your choice, bitch. She stops smiling.
116) 16) dialog: That's what I thought. (beat) OK. So now what we gonna do is you gonna make me a sarnie. Go. (she doesn't move)
117) 0) text: Caleb eats a cheese sandwich. His gun is on the kitchen t near his right hand. Shona sits opposite him; she's in ba shape: he shoulder wound is pulling her down fast. She ho kitchen towel against it, which is SOAKED in dark red blo Caleb watches her.
117) 1) dialog: Solider girl needs a hospital. He eats a while. She won't even look at him.
117) 2) dialog: So what's with all the shit? (indicates the cupboard with the drugs in it) They fuck you up in ragland or something? Wonder why you can't lead a normal fuckin' life? Wankers. You do what they tell ya an' you're all cool, babes. Do what you wanna do an' you're . . . (pulls his finger across his throat) You decorated and all that? I should be scared. (laughs) If you just knew what Caleb has done. Bad things, babes, worse than bad. Then you'd be scared, trust. He eats, watches her, and waits.
117) 4) dialog: What you think I fuckin' want? A teensy weensy respect would be nice. Failing that, this sarnie is really rather nice, ta. 89 | P a g e He eats, watches her, and waits. She's bleeding to death. She closes her eyes. ON Shona: SOUNDS of an explosion, shouting, and Shona screaming `Sandy!' followed by automatic weapons firing. This BUILDS until Shona's eyes suddenly OPEN.
117) 7) dialog: She needs a doctor. Well you might yet, babes. We not done partying yet. Then maybe you need a doctor. First. . . He finishes the sandwich, wipes his hands on the chair. He looks at her body.
117) 8) dialog: First I'm going to see what's what (indicates the house, her possession). Then we gonna see what's what (looks at her body suggestively). Ain't never done black, but there's always a first time ­ no? Say there's no goin' back. That right? He laughs again, and then suddenly goes very serious.
117) 9) dialog: You wan' it first, or you wanna sit tight while I go foray, then we get acquainted? She fights for control. She's losing the battle. Caleb suddenly stands, pushing the chair back. The sudden SOUND of the chair scraping on the floor makes her start.
117) 10) dialog: Oh for fuck's sake. He goes to the medicine cupboard, gets her drugs out. 90 | P a g e
117) 11) dialog: What do ya need? He grabs various drugs and dumps them on the table in fro her. Then fills a glass with tap water and gives her that
117) 12) dialog: Get fixed up, babes, I ain't got all night. She doesn't move. Irritated, he pours DOZENS of pills from various bottles savagely, and CRAMS them into her mouth. He then forces t glass of water to her lips and makes her take the pills. She gasps for air. He stands over her.
117) 13) dialog: She swallows. He knew she would.
117) 15) dialog: Fuckin' what? (laughs) Fuckin' what? I'll leave when it's time to leave, babes. First is you gonna show me some hospitable time ­ just the two of us. The shit (her belongings) can wait. He goes round the table to her. The drugs start to hit he she fights them. She's shaking and sweating with pain fro wounded shoulder. He caresses her cheek with his gun.
117) 16) dialog: Babes ­ come on. We can be fuck buddies or whatever.
117) 18) dialog: Friends with benefits. Gotcha. You watch all the right shows. No strings, no comebacks. So the things is: however we do it, Caleb's getting' horny, so . . . He grabs her right hand and puts it on his crotch. 91 | P a g e The drug OD begins to win the war inside Shona.
117) 19) dialog: Slow and steady wins the race, babes. We take it easy steps. That's right ­ beautiful. . . She jerks her hand away. It has to be now.
117) 21) dialog: Say what? He GRABS her by the hair, starts forcing her head towards crotch. With his gun hand he starts to unzip his fly.
117) 22) dialog: An' me been so fuckin' la-de- dah with ya, and now this. Do what Caleb says, bitch, an' do it NOW . . . As he goes to pull his pecker out she stands. As if she's enough of the game, she looks at him like a bug, dead alr
117) 23) dialog: Sit the fuck . . . Lightning fast, she POUNDS her index and first fingers in his EYES, blinding him. At the same time she snap PUNCHES THROAT, collapsing his oesophagus completely. In less tha second, Caleb goes from being in charge to being a grovel screaming piece of crap on the floor at her feet. But now