28) 0) text: This place is huge. It's also soulless and grim. Row upon of gated storage areas are crammed with peoples' belongin Between these rows walks CY (50s) with female admin staff DOLORES (40s). Cy has a dishevelled look of a man who has stopped searching for his dreams. Self-dissatisfaction, h even, haunts his tired face. He doesn't want to be here.
86) 0) text: ELLE (30's) draws a female nude in white pastel on black paper. The drawing is as exquisite as she is, if that's possible. Elle is the kind of woman that men will do anyt for - the kind of unforgettable beauty you see very rarel Elle takes extreme care with the drawing. Her attention t and involvement with it is absolute. She is alone in the studio, which contains other drawings and simple furnatur The SOUNDS of Uri torturing Nicholas OVER are in extreme, hideous contrast to the beauty of Elle and her drawings. The contours of Elle's face and the fine lines and moment shade in her drawing. The sounds of unimaginable sufferin Five minutes of drawing. Five minutes of Nicholas' scream Then the SOUND of Uri dropping an implement and cursing. The Thugs mumbling.
91) 0) text: The phone rings. Elle leaves her drawing reluctantly, but smiles when she answers the phone. She misses her man!
91) 1) dialog: Hello. (then, disappointed) Yes. (then, with dread) Yes.
96) 0) text: Elle's face is contorted by grief. She is curled in the f position on the floor. She weeps desperately. She stagger her feet. She goes to a built-in wardrobe. She opens his of it. His suits and shirts hang in quiet rows. She press into them, embraces them, sobbing and screaming her agony
99) 0) text: Elle hears the door buzzer. She is pale and underweight. She gets up, walks to the apartment door. She presses the intercom button with trepidation. Her mouth is dry.
99) 1) dialog: Yes? The crackle of electric silence. Nothing. 67 | P a g e Exasperated, she takes her finger off the button, turns a The buzzer sounds again. Elle curses and turns back to it. She hesitates, and then presses the answer button.
99) 2) dialog: Hello?
99) 4) dialog: Ah В­ yes. Come in. She presses the buzzer door release. The front door openi sound, OS. Elle turns away from the door. She gathers her She looks at her apartment door. She steps backwards from as if dreading what might be approaching it. Eventually s in the middle of the large, open plan room staring at the door. A shadow is visible under the door. A shape. A man.
99) 7) dialog: Come in Mister Tallow. She wants anything but this dull little man in her apartm Uri enters. He wipes his feet excessively, over and over. She closes the door behind him. He looks around. 68 | P a g e
99) 10) dialog: Can I get you anything?
99) 18) dialog: (get the fuck out)
99) 22) dialog: Oh for God sake! She gets up, stands, walks away from him. He stands.
99) 24) dialog: I can't do this now. I'm sorry. He follows her to the door. His hands are shaking.
99) 28) dialog: You need to get the hell away from me. Sorry, but. . .
99) 31) dialog: (a whisper)
101) 0) text: Elle stands by the door. She buckles. He wants to help he
101) 3) dialog: 
101) 5) dialog: Get out. Now. Another text message bleeps ludicrously from her phone.
101) 10) dialog: What are you? Uri almost smiles. Little old me. As if in a dream she looks around, searching for somethin
101) 11) dialog: I'm calling the police.
101) 13) dialog: What the fuck do you think. . . Get out В­ now! She grabs the phone again and redials. He grabs the phone her, this time with slightly more force. She is pushed aw
101) 14) dialog: Fucker! GET THE FUCK OUT! But he just stands near her, breathing.
101) 15) dialog: What do you want from me? He opens his arms slightly, looks at her. The eyes of a c
101) 20) dialog: Piece of shit-mould. Get out. . . She swings again В­ stronger this time. The blow hurts hi
101) 21) dialog: This is what you fucking want? Fuck. . .(sobbing) Oh Jesus. . . She changes. Adrenaline kicks in. She starts to pound him the ornament, which breaks. Then she grabs a stone statur
101) 23) dialog: Motherfucker . . . She lays into him. He accepts it all. Blow after bloody b
101) 25) dialog: Piece of dogshit . . . She grabs her belly, grimaces. Uri's face is now pulped.
101) 27) dialog: What? (incredulous) WHAT? She is sobbing, broken, exhausted.
103) 0) text: Elle gasps for breath, stares at Uri through tears. She drops the bloody stone statue. Uri is badly injured n
103) 1) dialog: Am I expected to admire . . . Leave me alone. She tries to open the door, to haul him out.
103) 4) dialog: Get out. Uri begins to crawl towards the door. Leaves a trail of b