42) 1) dialog: (between breaths)
43) 0) text: AUSTEN (12) plays Skyrim on a brand new Mac PowerBook. Th tech, futuristic sheen of the Apple is utterly at odds wi the room Austen is in: money seems to be in short supply Austen is a cut and paste hoodie: a white boy going nowhe JADEN (18, white) enters. Lean and strong, Jaden is savvy but drugs have left their mark on his face and in his eye
43) 1) dialog: What the fuck, my fam . . . He grabs the Mac from Austen. They push and pull for it.
43) 3) dialog: You got homework. Do the work.
43) 5) dialog: Don't be doin' that fam. It's all wrong. You ain't black yet.
43) 7) dialog: I am your brah. No force gonna make me otherwise. Homework. Austen switches the TV on, turns it up LOUD.
43) 9) dialog: Fuck ya future. Smart. Jaden switches the TV off. Austen squares up to him. A be between him, then Austen backs down: Jaden is way too big
43) 11) dialog: Yeah well. It all goes on the (taps his head) tab, right. Save it up for a rainy one. Then I get mine, right? Well I got mine, brah, an' you don't never want it ­ swear. Austen storms out of the room.
43) 13) dialog: Home fuckin' work. Now! 40 | P a g e Austen is now out of the room in the hallway beyond.
44) 0) text: Hood up, Jaden walks fast. It's dark already, and cold. Jaden speeds up. He feels the reassuring bulge in his bel the base of his spine. He does this often, by habit. He gets a text. He checks the message. Doesn't reply. A police car cruises. Jaden doesn't react to it, but he d so in a way that suggests that this is a measured respons He grabs his phone, hits some keys. Someone picks up.
44) 1) dialog: (into his phone)
44) 2) text: Where you at fam? Nah. Nah. My brah ­ comin' atcha somewhere near? Yeah. See him? When? Owe ya back, boy. Easy now. He kills the call, stows his mobile. A car slows near him and stops at traffic lights. Jaden's attention is drawn by a WHITE feather on the back window shelf. A shadow crosses Jaden's face. The car pulls away. He approaches a group of young male hoodies smoking and texting outside a corner store. They greet with touched f Jaden talks with a few of them, and then walks on. It's c that he has their respect, though they show it very subtl
45) 0) text: Cool and calm, Austen pockets a wad of cash. The youth he with stuffs something in his jacket pocket. They touch fi 41 | P a g e Austen goes on his way. He feels like a proper man. He wa He sees Jaden way ahead. Jaden sees him, starts running. Austen runs. The streets blur around him into a narrative his life: the urban landscape dancing to the beat of his Runs, runs, runs Jaden and Austen They sprint the streets, the alleys, the music, and then Jaden catches him and
46) 0) text: In the kitchen-diner: Jaden, Austen and their dad: PAUL ( Paul says a prayer before they eat their corner shop meal Jaden's hands are together in respect for Paul. Austen deliberately pays no attention to the ritual at all.
47) 0) text: In washed-out, high grain: Jaden necks and smooches with a black girl called LYCIA. Around them the party pops: drugs and big bass and wannab cool young kids getting into each other or off on each ot Lycia smiles and laughs and love the attention, but A young black guy ­ J.C. ­ looks death at her, his girl at Jaden, who meets the challenge of the alpha competitio Jaden feels the bulge in his belt at the base of his spin
48) 0) text: The meal over, Jaden does the dishes. Paul sits at the ta Austen playing Skyrim in the next room is audible. Paul breaks down in a fit of coughing. Christ watches on.
48) 1) dialog: Fuck. Jaden suddenly leaves the sink and goes into the
49) 0) text: Jaden grabs the Mac off Austen again. This time Austen co
50) 1) dialog: (angry)
51) 0) text: Jaden lifts up a floorboard in his bedroom. He looks at h stash of pills, rocks and a pipe. Half the rocks are miss
52) 0) text: Jaden bursts in, but quietly. His silence doesn't diminis power of his intent. Scared, Austen's looks up at him sud from his bed, where he plays Call of Duty on a TV console
52) 1) dialog: (a whisper)
52) 2) text: What the fuck, brah. Who been at my stash ­ any thoughts? Or thoughts nowhere near that tiny size brain (raps on Austen's head with his knuckles)? No one messes with my stash ­ no matter who ­ hear? Ain't no brah of mine gonna sink to stealing and dealin' like some stinkin' hood rat skunk jus' to prove his manhood ­ readin'? I's fuckin' me and you got destiny, swear. Don't look to me. Don't like me. Don't follow me, don't run from me, don't watch me: just get wiv' the school shit and grow up like the old man wants ­ hear? The potency of Jaden's emotion and words shocks Austen; b now Austen shows nothing but the pride and power he admir Austen reaches into his jacket pocket on the chair by his 44 | P a g e
52) 4) dialog: Keep it. Buy books ­ study: something. Buy the old man a prezzie. If you ever do it again. . . Austen nods reluctantly. He leaves the money where it is. Jaden exits the room.
53) 0) text: Later, a knock on Paul's door. No response. Jaden pushes door open a crack, revealing Paul lost and alone on his b a tiny sliver of light among infinite council house darkn Seen like this, the marks life has left on Paul are obvio
53) 1) dialog: (a whisper)
53) 2) text: Goin' out dad ­ OK? Paul just frowns. He seems too tired to speak. He express `come back safely' in a way that is very hard to bear. Jaden enters the room. He tucks his old man up in bed saf Then he leaves the room quietly and pulls the door shut s He goes downstairs and exits the house quietly. The ceramic Christ on the Cross in the hallway is silent.
54) 0) text: Jaden walks. He is assured and cool. This is his stage. He feels the bulge in his belt at the base of his spine. He gets a text. He checks the message, likes it. He repli He greets a group of other hoodies with small talk and fi Done, he moves on down another street. He has goods to se He takes a call, makes another, texts and talks. Smooth. 45 | P a g e
54) 2) dialog: (between breaths)
54) 6) dialog: Shut the fuck . . . He kneels over white, tries to stop him screaming. But he
54) 8) dialog: Looks around, desperate for him to stop it. Already
54) 11) dialog: Begins to fold, to lose it as reality comes rushing in an
55) 0) text: Jaden crouches down in the darkness, blood on his hands, on his shirt, blood on his cut torso, blood on his soul. Jaden stashes his gun in a cloth under the floorboards. Jaden is tormented by what he's done. Self-loathing. J.C. and the other dead guys ­ a bloodbath. Sirens growi Jaden throws up on a street corner. Jaden tucks his old man up in bed safe. All the time Austen seems to be watching, learning, admiring. Idolisin
56) 0) text: In the kitchen-diner: Jaden, Austen and Paul. Paul says a prayer before they eat their corner shop meal Austen looks at the crappy bandages around Jaden's torso. Jaden's hands are together in respect for Paul. Austen pr but is now confused. He's scared, but totally in awe of J
58) 0) text: The games console in Austen's bedroom sits unused. 3.65 INT. JADEN's ROOM - EVENING Jaden winces with the agony in his cut bloody torso. 48 | P a g e
63) 0) text: He tiptoes to the floorboards near Jaden's bed. He very cautiously levers a floorboard up. Crystals, pill pipes, weed ­ but much more than before. But not what he to see. So Austen puts the floorboard back. He goes to th door, listens again. The shower still runs. He tiptoes ba Jaden's bed, looks around. He lifts up Jaden's pillow.
64) 0) text: Jaden and Lycia make love. Slow and perfectly tender, and hard and porn. On and on. Bodies twisting in their search each other. They come - Jaden's body arching in torment.
65) 0) text: Jaden walks the streets. Hoods look at and greet him in a different way. Respect, but this is a dead man walking.
66) 0) text: Jaden drives Austen, who is in his school uniform. His ha up on the wheel, the dragon tat on Jaden's arm is visible To Austen, Jaden looks a little pale, a little ill. They see a cop car. Another passes them coming the other
66) 2) dialog: Police. They're called police.
66) 5) dialog: Jesus fucking Christ. You mean how's the young lady in your life, my blood? Since when the fuck you become some kind of born again reggin?
66) 7) dialog: I say blood, you say blood. I say brah, you say brah. I say. . .
66) 9) dialog: You get your hair cut?
66) 11) dialog: Brah? You turn into me and I'll kill you - hear? Austen looks at him. Tears well up in his eyes. He nods. Emotionless, Jaden closes the car door and drives off. On the pavement, Austen watches him go.
67) 0) text: By torchlight under his duvet, Austen draws a `tat' on hi forearm with a biro that matches Jaden's real tat perfect
68) 0) text: Smoking a bong and drinking, his headphones on and the mu cranked high, Jaden fights an inner battle he can never w He looks at his gun on his bedside table. A thing of new Septic, the wound in his torso is draining him of life.
69) 0) text: Jaden and Austen kneel beside Paul in prayer. Except that Jaden only kneels on one knee and Austen on neither; and neither of them are really praying. Beside them Paul pray with worshipers in the congregation of a dozen or so. Jaden's hoodie hood is down out of respect. Austen has hi hoodie hood up. Jaden pulls it down. Austen throws him a kisses his tongue. Jaden's eyes darken. Austen relents. Jaden looks over, sees a man who seems wrong in here. He twigs: plain clothes COP. Cops don't pray and this one is 51 | P a g e
70) 0) text: Jaden sprints flat out through the people, cars, and ligh At this speed his footsteps are barely a fluttering stacc He won't make it.
72) 0) text: J.C. looks death at Lycia, his girl, and then at Jaden, w meets the challenge of the alpha competition. With other beside and behind J.C. stands Linden. Brothers to the end Jaden feels the bulge in his belt at the base of his spin
74) 0) text: Jaden sprints flat out through the people, cars, and ligh He rounds a corner in time to see Linden's car smoke away
76) 3) text: Oh thank you Mister Mountjoy. My brand: Costmart's own! (smiles, then, to Austen) All I need to know is where your brother Jaden is at the moment, Austen. When was the last time you saw him? You say he normally lives here: where is he now, today? Confusion fills Austen's scared face. His dilemma is comp Silent in his agony, Christ watches on.
78) 0) text: Austen takes a breath, then slices his torso in the same Jaden was cut. He winces. He hadn't expected it to hurt t much. Blood flows down and out of the crappy bath plughol
80) 0) text: Fugitive Jaden stands looking into the flowing river. He pale and gaunt and dirty. Austen stands behind him. He lo exactly how Jaden used to look. And his torso is bandaged Jaden squints at him.
80) 1) dialog: Why you fuckin' grass me up. Though you was my brah. Austen thinks about it for a while.
80) 6) dialog: Where the fuck . . ? He stares at Austen's gun. Tears blur the evening. He says it with his tears. This isn't going to happen to
80) 9) dialog: (a mumble)
81) 0) text: Jaden stands there alone. It's getting cold.
81) 3) dialog: Got a better idea, baby blood. Jaden pulls out his gun and shoots himself in the head. D 55 | P a g e
83) 0) text: Not remotely resembling Jaden, Austen gets on with his