0) 11) text: See В­ even she's on my side! (beat) I love you Vaughn. Once upon a time. Vaughn takes a deep breath, loathes the traffic outside. His phone display indicates another incoming call: `Mia'.
0) 24) dialog: (phone filter)
0) 25) text: Mia? Who's she? It's late. Pip wants a goodnight kiss. Where are you? Vaughn? On Vaughn's face as he struggles to find the right words
2) 1) dialog: We're off.
3) 0) text: Vaughn pretends to read the paper in the kitchen. The fro door opens. The voices of Mia and Pip approach, OS. MIA (30s) enters the kitchen with several shopping bags. She doesn't look at Vaughn. Vaughn watches in a distracted way.
3) 1) dialog: Pip - you helping me or what? Pip's footsteps climb the stairs. A girly grunt, OS.
3) 2) dialog: (not looking at Vaughn)
3) 4) dialog: Wrong time of the month? Vaughn laughs slightly too loudly. Still no eye contact. His mind elsewhere, he helps her put the shopping away. Mia takes a deep breath to control herself.
3) 5) dialog: Don't worry. Seriously.
3) 7) dialog: (still no eye contact)
3) 13) dialog: (eventually)
3) 16) text: Mia leaves the kitchen without looking at him.
4) 0) text: Vaughn, Mia and Pip sit at the table eating lunch.
4) 5) dialog: Daddy's not feeling too well, darling. I'm sure a swim will do us all good. The lack of eye contact with Vaughn speaks volumes.
4) 7) dialog: Mummy. It's mummy! Who's Mia!?
5) 0) text: Mia bustles Pip out of the front door. Pip is in tears.
5) 2) dialog: Come on. Milkshakes later! There's a crack in Mia's voice that destroys Vaughn. Mia closes the door after them. He sees their shapes thro the frosted glass of the front door. Ghosts. Departing. G
8) 0) text: Wracked with self-loathing, Vaughn stands awkwardly besid bed. Mia stares at him, incredulous. Tears blur her eyes.
8) 1) dialog: I've given you every last atom. She expresses the giving of herself in an unconditional w Vaughn tries to express something В­ anything. He fails. 7|Page
13) 0) text: Snow has turned the world into a postcard. With a kiss and a wave, Mia drops Pip off at primary scho She looks like she hasn't slept, but manages to be cheerf
14) 0) text: Mia drives then stops the car down an isolated country la Her mask of courage shatters: she begins to weep like a c
21) 0) text: Vaughn enters the house awkwardly. Mia avoids his eyes. He's wearing the new clothes Brooke bought him.
21) 4) text: An emotional wreck, Mia nods.
21) 7) dialog: Don't start, Vaughn. What kind of a fucking stupid question is that? How's my daughter now that I've walked out on her and her mother and run into the arms of my childhood sweetheart? Vaughn is clearly shocked that Mia knows what she knows.
21) 8) dialog: Jesus В­ the false caller IDs on your phone. `Office'? I mean please. And remember eye contact? You should try private browsing В­ or at least clear your history every now and again. For someone who's in fucking IT . . . So what now? You want some clothes, your tool box, the toaster: a divorce? Vaughn doesn't know what to say, how to react.
21) 9) dialog: Have them all. On the house. She can't hold it back any longer. She weeps her agony. 15 | P a g e
21) 10) dialog: Now fuck off, please? It's over. You piece of shit . . . She stumbles at him, pounds him with her fists; but when hits him she recoils from the contact with his body. She wipes her hands of the contact with him.
21) 11) dialog: What am I supposed to do now, bastard: tell me, tell me, tell. . . She collapses, sobbing uncontrollably. Vaughn glimpses something through the living room door he hasn't seen before: a WHITE feather lying on the dresser. It holds his attention until he exits the front door.