0) 0) text: The car is stuck in rush-hour traffic, which surrounds VA (40), as he wrestles with the hardest decision of his lif He speaks into the car mobile phone kit microphone.
1) 0) text: Vaughn sits in the conservatory and drinks his morning te His gaze out into the garden is broken by something in th cup, in the tea, that gets his attention. Troubled and preoccupied, he frowns as he looks at the tea in the tea His daughter PIP (8) rushes into the conservatory in her pyjamas and throws herself on him ­ her beloved, wonderf
3) 3) text: Any more takers? As she speaks, SUPER/SUBTITLE the real meaning of her wor What the fuck is wrong with you? 4|Page Vaughn grunts something, then goes to help her; but it's hearted. He can barely remember where the cereal goes.
6) 0) text: Vaughn sits staring unseeing at the TV, which babbles Sat afternoon crap. He picks up his mobile. He thumbs through text messages. He opens one. It says `Do it. Do it for me us! xxx' He stares at it. He suddenly stands, takes a dee breath and gets control. A decision makes itself.
10) 0) text: Vaughn sits on a bench and waits. He pulls his coat aroun against the biting cold. He checks his mobile again. Noth The unthinkable crosses his face. Surely not. But then BROOKE (38) walks across the playground toward him. She s him, hurries. It takes him a moment to recognise her. Tha troubles him. He smiles at her ­ his first smile in a lo time. Her smile speaks of very real joy after very real p He stands in order to greet her. She tries not to cry, bu it's impossible. She embraces and kisses him passionately She looks at him like he's all she ever wanted. He sees disguised scars on her face. The scars of pain in her eye
12) 10) text: She smiles at him, gets under the duvet. He stands awkwar beside the bed a moment, and then gets in beside her. The separately for a moment, and then Vaughn embraces her sof She pulls the duvet up to her neck to hide her body total
16) 0) text: Vaughn enters. Brooke rushes to him, smothers him in kiss They hold each other. For a moment he is free of care.
21) 4) text: An emotional wreck, Mia nods.
22) 0) text: Vaughn sits in rush-hour traffic. The cars ahead of him a moving, but he sits static, staring ahead. Car horns blar His satnav sounds bizarrely loud, suddenly:
28) 6) text: Well I can't be two places at once, now can I. (then) Sure. (then) Mo's around somewhere. No. (then) I will. (then) OK. She ends the phone call, looks OS.
28) 9) dialog: No sweat Doll.
28) 11) dialog: No worries Doll. 21 | P a g e Mo laughs. A strange laugh. She throws him an angry face.
28) 15) dialog: No sweat. Mo goes to lock storage area 110. Cy looks at the object has retrieved: an old VHS video cassette. Mo sees it.
28) 16) dialog: Wow ­ that's an old VHS isn't it?
28) 18) dialog: Ain't seen one of those for years. Never used one.
28) 20) dialog: Wait ­ I gotta sign you out man. Paperwork. You got the forms? 22 | P a g e
28) 22) dialog: Sir? You're a knight? The queen dub you or something? If I don't call you sir that doesn't mean I don't respect. It just means I don't call you sir.
28) 24) dialog: Wait ­ you're that director.
28) 26) dialog: Seriously ­ I know you. I'm an actor. We met once. Maybe . . . Cy keeps walking but doesn't know where he's going.
28) 28) dialog: No seriously. We met at an audition. You auditioned me. Cy just speeds up.
28) 29) dialog: You must remember. I'm not doing this forever. Got plans to do things. Get my CV together. You must remember.
28) 32) dialog: Take it easy. I'm only asking. Cy looks at him for the first time. Mo sees his bitternes Cy turns away to carry on walking. He's lost.
28) 35) dialog: Come on man ­ just a j-peg to let my buddies know I saw you. I photograph everything. Got gigs of shit at home. But you ­ you're the man who directed. . . Cy turns away, irritated. He looks around ­ up at the ro
28) 37) dialog: Exit? It's cool. Listen we won't do the (indicates his phone, which he puts away). . . But slow down: you must remember me. You're ­ that's it: name begins with C. . .
28) 39) dialog: Clear. So what's on the (the VHS) video? Mo laughs a little at the whole idea of a VHS.
28) 41) dialog: It's fine, bro; but hostility ain't working. Not in here. Cy looks around. It seems like a labyrinth. Mo clicks his fingers, remembering suddenly:
28) 42) dialog: It was that show - that play you were directing. Silver something. Shit. Four, five years back. Come on, man ­ you must remember.
28) 44) dialog: Sure, but look: what's with all the storage. You moving house or something?
28) 46) dialog: Shit no: Doll's just admin. Works up in the box. Mo looks up and waves to a CCTV camera.
28) 47) dialog: Dolls in the doll house, doing doll things. Bless. 25 | P a g e
28) 49) dialog: Whoa. Relax Mister C. Out is way. OK? Mo leads Cy off. Cy is suddenly more wary of him. They walk in silence a moment. The uneven squeak.
28) 50) dialog: Look I don't want you to mind me talking to you and all. I'm just being friendly: one pro to another. (beat) Come on man. Don't go believing this is my shit, because it ain't. Acting's my shit just like directing's yours. I was born to it ­ know what I mean? I knew you'd remember. Cy ­ that's it! Cy. Mo. He offers his hand to shake. Cy takes it very grudgingly. shake hands. Cy fully takes in Mo's physical size and pow
28) 51) dialog: Well that's better. No need for hostility between pros. Mo lets go of Cy's hand. Cy is relieved. They walk on.
28) 54) dialog: (as Cy speaks, above)
28) 55) text: Pros or ho's ­ know what I'm saying. Mo laughs. It's a strange sound.
28) 56) dialog: What's on the video? None of my biz, I know; but I'm curious. 26 | P a g e
28) 58) dialog: Yup. Got the old bit. (looks at the VHS. Old) Wow. (laughs) Ain't you got one online? Mine's online. They round a corner. Cy twigs they're back where they sta
30) 0) text: Cy stares at his smashed phone, at Mo. Mo's face is a mas The mask eventually moves. Confusion hits Mo's face. It's if another part of him did that, a part he can't control.
30) 1) dialog: Look sorry about that dude, but you need to let me know. That's my simple question: what happened. Panic starts to show itself in Cy's face. Deep down.
30) 3) dialog: The audition. I didn't get the job. Mo shifts his weight from his right foot to his left. Cy glances around, at his smashed phone on the floor. 27 | P a g e He looks up, sees CCTV cameras. He stoops down to pick up parts of his broken phone. He finds the SIM card, pockets There's something pathetic about the way he stoops.
30) 4) dialog: (eventually)
30) 5) text: Seriously. The Silver thing. Cy stands, meets Mo's gaze full on for the first time, re
30) 9) dialog: I know how good you are. Cy stops, turns. What?
30) 10) dialog: I know your true potential. I know your talent doesn't belong packed up in here. Your greatness. And you've failed. Cy swallows air.
30) 12) dialog: You don't think I know how you (more)
30) 17) dialog: You're sorry for yourself. That's in your face. Cy pulls himself together.
30) 19) dialog: Cy ­ we're done here, seriously. Then I'll sign you out. You can ask about the mobile phone you dropped; but I doubt you can claim it on us. Just tell me why you're all stored up in here. Then . . . He gestures then they're out of here.
30) 21) dialog: Brave Mister Caudwell. Genius. Solid citizen I don't think. Just need to know what you're doing. Then that's the end of it all. Beat.
30) 23) dialog: Couldn't pay your rent. Why don't you just say that. I couldn't pay my rent, Mo. That's fine. It's called la crunch du credit. And here we are. Cy swallows, waits, looks for CCTV cameras. Mo shifts his weight from his right foot to his left. In single moment Cy knows he's in a situation he can't contr
30) 24) dialog: We're almost, nearly, seriously out of here, Mister Caudwell. Some strip-lights turn off way down the warehouse.
30) 25) dialog: On timers ­ saves power. You must know. Auto-ma-tic. Cy glances at his watch.
30) 26) dialog: Time to go home, Cy. My only ask is this. And you don't have to say yes, say anything. All I ask is we do it again. Cy looks at him. Do what again?
30) 27) dialog: (strange laugh)
30) 28) text: I know. I know it sounds strange. Bit silly even. But if you just let me run the thing again, this time I'll nail it ­ swear. 30 | P a g e More strip lights turn themselves out. Darkness builds.
30) 29) dialog: (of the VHS in Cy's hand)
30) 30) text: I mean. On a fucking VHS video cassette. Where's Noah when you need him? He laughs. It sounds bizarre in the infinity of the depot Mo's suddenly killing himself laughing. Crying with it. Cy starts to RUN. Lightning fast, Mo intercepts him, grabs him, pulls him d
30) 31) dialog: Let's run this again from the top, Cy.
32) 0) text: Mo leads/drags Cy towards a half empty storage area ­ 22 Holding Cy, Mo unlocks 222 and pushes Cy inside. Mo locks the door behind them. It's dark, and to Cy feels like a cage.
32) 3) dialog: Cy, seriously, man who directed nothing: let's just get this right. Then we can get on with things. You can go back your self-loathing and I can continue my rounds.
32) 6) dialog: Jesus not in here, bro. Christ a nipple sucked by mugs. One born every minute, tick tock. Mo flicks his keys around in circles. Shock grips Cy's th
32) 7) dialog: OK. So what's the brief?
32) 9) dialog: What's the scenario? Set the scene for me. Point me in the right direction. Even Brando needed goalposts. Cy looks around for escape. A phone rings, somewhere OS.
32) 11) dialog: No sweat, Doll. Just relax. This place is damn big. And you're talking to the big expert here. (shows Cy his shoes) Gotta do a circuit every hour. (beat) We gonna just do this thing, then it's home free. OK? Relax. Cy tries to slow his breathing down, get a grip.
32) 12) dialog: That's it old fella. Get sorted out. In and out. Let it all be cool. Cy's breathing in the dark. Mo's keys. No way out.
32) 14) dialog: Well not really Mister De Mille. It's just me and Doll today. Cutbacks. Don't ya love them? Cy tries the door again, but it's half-hearted.
32) 15) dialog: Set me straight, mister director! Mo stands, suddenly, and comes over to Cy quickly. He gra him by the hair and forces him to sit down on the old cha
32) 16) dialog: The director's chair.
32) 18) dialog: You know what I want. Just like you: another chance. Audition me again, you fucking VHS crumb. Give me my brief. Motivation, reality ­ the whole bit. Go. Mo sits down opposite Cy on the box. He waits. 33 | P a g e Cy stares at him. This is insane. But he has no choice.
34) 0) text: This is where Mo should be: his security vantage point. A crappy chair, a crappy desk, and CCTV monitors staring.
35) 0) text: His hands shaking and panting from the exertion, Mo photographs Cy with his phone. Cy is beaten to a pulp.
35) 2) dialog: Again. The scenario, please Cy. Who am I? What do I want?
37) 0) text: Cy collapses under the onslaught of Mo's fists. Mo grimac his damaged knuckles. He hauls Cy back onto the box.
37) 1) dialog: Good dog. Now. . . He indicates his readiness again, and waits.
37) 2) dialog: That wasn't the character I read for, the last one I mean. My agent told me a soccer player who is afraid to tell his team- mates of his homosexuality. He turns to his manager for help, for answers to his dilemma; but in the face of this, of this outrage, the manager who has been like a surrogate father to him for years now turns against him, disgusted that the boy he believed in turned out to be a lamentable sausage jockey. Am I right? Cy is too smashed and bloody and ruined to do more than g But something catches his eye; in the filthy gloom he see WHITE feather lying on the ground in the corner of 222.
37) 3) dialog: I'm right, man. That was the scenario wasn't it. The Silver thing I auditioned for that you turned me down for. Wrong. Ignored me for. Like the loser I was. Wrong. The winner is here. In front of you. So. . . He smiles and waits for Cy to look at him to audition him
37) 4) dialog: Make like a camera. 35 | P a g e At first Cy doesn't understand, but then he slowly, agonisingly raises his hands up and mimes rolling a camer
37) 5) dialog: Noises. It's hard for Cy to make the sound of a camera rolling.
39) 1) dialog: Without a script this time, note. Ad-libbing, free wheeling improvisazione, herr director! Mo looks into the `camera' and lives the role he's playin
39) 2) dialog: (in character)
39) 3) text: All my life. Imagine living a lie ­ forever. Not just the lies everybody lives day to day to get by, play the game; but one big lie that stretches from beginning to end: a truth so hideous that it could be called ordinary. A verity of the genes, of psychology. And then imagine the one person the liar could turn to turning away, so that the liar was left with nothing but the lie. Imagine exploding with the desire to be what you are, to be real, and to be accepted for what you are, perhaps even loved. Not loved with money for playing games, but loved with respect for having the strength to stand apart. Imagine that. But the works of the imagination must cede to that we call reality. (more)
39) 4) text: 36 | P a g e (cont'd) And here we are, you choosing the side of the mob and me left outside in the cold. Well I've got news for you, turncoat: I don't fucking care. I've got the future. TTFN, blood. TT forever.
39) 5) text: Mo ends the performance in tears. It's brilliant. Cy continues to crank the `camera' and make camera noises Eventually Mo gets up and stops him with uncommon gentlen
39) 6) dialog: Cy. Director. Really.
39) 7) text: He crouches down beside Cy, smooths his hair.
39) 8) dialog: So, how was I? How was it?
39) 11) text: Mo stands, smiles, basking in his moment of glory. This is his prize. This is his moment. But his face darke
39) 12) dialog: LIAR!
39) 13) text: Mo starts to beat Cy gain, but this time he kicks him too goes berserk, throwing Cy around like a rag doll, pulping
40) 2) text: The room is empty. She approaches Mo's desk. She doesn't glance at the bottle of prescription pills, on which the `suppression' is just visible. She glances at the CCTV screens. Nothing. She presses a button, bringing up the display from another CCTV. She sees the grainy, monochrom image of Cy's pulped face being smashed against the bars 222. As she gasps in horrified reaction and grabs the pho 37 | P a g e
43) 0) text: AUSTEN (12) plays Skyrim on a brand new Mac PowerBook. Th tech, futuristic sheen of the Apple is utterly at odds wi the room Austen is in: money seems to be in short supply Austen is a cut and paste hoodie: a white boy going nowhe JADEN (18, white) enters. Lean and strong, Jaden is savvy but drugs have left their mark on his face and in his eye
44) 2) text: Where you at fam? Nah. Nah. My brah ­ comin' atcha somewhere near? Yeah. See him? When? Owe ya back, boy. Easy now. He kills the call, stows his mobile. A car slows near him and stops at traffic lights. Jaden's attention is drawn by a WHITE feather on the back window shelf. A shadow crosses Jaden's face. The car pulls away. He approaches a group of young male hoodies smoking and texting outside a corner store. They greet with touched f Jaden talks with a few of them, and then walks on. It's c that he has their respect, though they show it very subtl
47) 0) text: In washed-out, high grain: Jaden necks and smooches with a black girl called LYCIA. Around them the party pops: drugs and big bass and wannab cool young kids getting into each other or off on each ot Lycia smiles and laughs and love the attention, but A young black guy ­ J.C. ­ looks death at her, his girl at Jaden, who meets the challenge of the alpha competitio Jaden feels the bulge in his belt at the base of his spin
50) 0) text: Paul lights a cigarette. A moment's pleasure. He slips in what might be a reverie, or just exhaustion. ON PAUL, hea this as Paul might - given his dislocated state of mind: 43 | P a g e
52) 2) text: What the fuck, brah. Who been at my stash ­ any thoughts? Or thoughts nowhere near that tiny size brain (raps on Austen's head with his knuckles)? No one messes with my stash ­ no matter who ­ hear? Ain't no brah of mine gonna sink to stealing and dealin' like some stinkin' hood rat skunk jus' to prove his manhood ­ readin'? I's fuckin' me and you got destiny, swear. Don't look to me. Don't like me. Don't follow me, don't run from me, don't watch me: just get wiv' the school shit and grow up like the old man wants ­ hear? The potency of Jaden's emotion and words shocks Austen; b now Austen shows nothing but the pride and power he admir Austen reaches into his jacket pocket on the chair by his 44 | P a g e
53) 0) text: Later, a knock on Paul's door. No response. Jaden pushes door open a crack, revealing Paul lost and alone on his b a tiny sliver of light among infinite council house darkn Seen like this, the marks life has left on Paul are obvio
54) 0) text: Jaden walks. He is assured and cool. This is his stage. He feels the bulge in his belt at the base of his spine. He gets a text. He checks the message, likes it. He repli He greets a group of other hoodies with small talk and fi Done, he moves on down another street. He has goods to se He takes a call, makes another, texts and talks. Smooth. 45 | P a g e
63) 0) text: He tiptoes to the floorboards near Jaden's bed. He very cautiously levers a floorboard up. Crystals, pill pipes, weed ­ but much more than before. But not what he to see. So Austen puts the floorboard back. He goes to th door, listens again. The shower still runs. He tiptoes ba Jaden's bed, looks around. He lifts up Jaden's pillow.
68) 0) text: Smoking a bong and drinking, his headphones on and the mu cranked high, Jaden fights an inner battle he can never w He looks at his gun on his bedside table. A thing of new Septic, the wound in his torso is draining him of life.
74) 0) text: Jaden sprints flat out through the people, cars, and ligh He rounds a corner in time to see Linden's car smoke away
76) 0) text: Paul brings tea into the living room for himself and the from the church. Austen stands uneasily near the door. In dress, haircut and demeanour he is a perfect model of Jad
76) 2) text: Thank you Mister Mountjoy. (to Austen) I don't want you to feel pressured, Austen. You haven't done anything, so relax. Paul goes to Austen and puts an arm around his wonderful The Cop sips the tea. COP (cont'd)
76) 3) text: Oh thank you Mister Mountjoy. My brand: Costmart's own! (smiles, then, to Austen) All I need to know is where your brother Jaden is at the moment, Austen. When was the last time you saw him? You say he normally lives here: where is he now, today? Confusion fills Austen's scared face. His dilemma is comp Silent in his agony, Christ watches on.
79) 0) text: Austen dabs at his new manhood wound, which won't stop bleeding. There are mountains of bloody toilet roll on th shelf and floor near him. On the toilet roll holder there no paper left. Austen looks at his new wound in the mirro He makes a gun of his hand and shoots himself in the mirr Cool.
83) 0) text: Not remotely resembling Jaden, Austen gets on with his
85) 0) text: Uri nods to moustachioed Thug#1, who is stretching as if has pulled a muscle. Shaved headed Thug#2 pulls a face. 57 | P a g e
85) 3) text: If we're kindly ready, Mister Tyne. Uri then goes back to reading his novel. Thug#2 almost smiles ­ almost. Not a face made for smili Thug#1 works out the tension in the pulled muscle. He the
86) 0) text: ELLE (30's) draws a female nude in white pastel on black paper. The drawing is as exquisite as she is, if that's possible. Elle is the kind of woman that men will do anyt for - the kind of unforgettable beauty you see very rarel Elle takes extreme care with the drawing. Her attention t and involvement with it is absolute. She is alone in the studio, which contains other drawings and simple furnatur The SOUNDS of Uri torturing Nicholas OVER are in extreme, hideous contrast to the beauty of Elle and her drawings. The contours of Elle's face and the fine lines and moment shade in her drawing. The sounds of unimaginable sufferin Five minutes of drawing. Five minutes of Nicholas' scream Then the SOUND of Uri dropping an implement and cursing. The Thugs mumbling.
92) 5) text: Sharon could we get some more coffee please. (to the others) Biscuits? (the others nod except Uri) And some biscuits. The usual. Actually if there are any chocolate digestives.
95) 0) text: In the last moments of his life, Nicholas screams and wri under the onslaught of agony delivered by Uri with his surgical instruments. Nicholas is a pulped mess of blood.
97) 0) text: Uri thinks a moment and then click `Send' with his mouse. He takes a deep breath.
98) 0) text: Uri gets out of the taxi and pays the driver. He then turns to face the address. He tries to move natur but his body is stiff with misgiving. He takes a breath t to calm himself. He manages to walk to the front of the apartment block. He starts to walk up the steps to the fr door; but then he retreats. He steps backwards, then begi walk away. He can't do it. His hands are shaking. He make fists to stop them. He takes another breath, looks up at apartment block. He is sick with stress. He forces his li to obey him. He manages to walk back to the steps. He man to walk up the steps. Eventually he manages to press the
99) 0) text: Elle hears the door buzzer. She is pale and underweight. She gets up, walks to the apartment door. She presses the intercom button with trepidation. Her mouth is dry.
99) 27) text: Why did I come here today? Well, the truth is I believe you should have the facts. The facts are that. . .we believe your husband was wrongfully arrested and . . . She looks at him. No shit! A family walking in the hall outside the door draw her attention. A mother and her two sons. They smile at her. She tries to smile, closes the door slightly. Uri is almost hyperventilating by now.
104) 0) text: His face scarred, Uri sits among the instruments of tortu Done thinking, he suddenly snaps his rubber gloves on. Better get to it. 76 | P a g e Story #5
106) 10) text: anyway ­ look: we make her an expert. A killing machine. And then war breaks our machine. So then our machine needs Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder drugs in order to function in normal life. To make a cup of tea, for God sake. (silence a beat, then) She's a broken child, Chrissie. We broke her. So then when she kills a known psychotic child molester and murderer in her home in the middle of the night ­ in her home - in self-defence ­ we, the state, we call that murder, and we throw her to the dogs. We screw her up in the name of a cause in some country some people - and lets' face it, in a part of the world not many British people know or give a damn about - and then we finish the job. We prosecute her for murder and lock her up. The hoodie chooses a ground floor window. He jemmies it o
107) 0) text: SHONA (20s, black) is awoken by a sound ­ the dull clunk something giving under strain. She lifts her head up, lis Another clunk, but this followed by other sounds downstai Shona is quickly out of bed, standing. She moves in a way suggests combat training: with controlled power and assur She is not afraid.
108) 0) text: CALEB (20s, white) breaks in through the kitchen window. young and hooded. His thin face is haunted by addiction. Caleb climbs through the window he has just jemmied open. stands in the kitchen a moment, listening. He hears nothi 80 | P a g e He starts to move quietly through the kitchen towards the
109) 0) text: Caleb enters. He looks around, sees the usual living room stuff: a settee, some ornaments, a TV and iPod and iPod d a shelf bearing a few ornaments ­ OK, but Caleb wants mo What Caleb doesn't seem to see are the mantelpiece photos Corporal Shona smiling with her Para mates in Afghanistan Caleb turns and heads towards the door. He goes out into
110) 19) text: Yesterday, bitch. He starts to squeeze the trigger. She doesn't move. He aims the gun at her left shoulder and
112) 0) text: Reading the bottle label he doesn't notice that she has g for a brief moment. But when he does, he throws the bottl aside and starts moving. He runs out of the room and head
114) 0) text: He runs in, sees her trying to make a call on her mobile. his peripheral vision and for the briefest moment he sees WHITE feather on the dresser beside her bed. Without stop he rushes her, as she desperately thumbs the buttons. He SMASHES the phone from her hand and shoves her. But she manages to keep on her feet and run out of the room. He 86 | P a g e
116) 17) text: Go! She holds his eyes defiantly, and then she moves.