46) 0) text: In the kitchen-diner: Jaden, Austen and their dad: PAUL ( Paul says a prayer before they eat their corner shop meal Jaden's hands are together in respect for Paul. Austen deliberately pays no attention to the ritual at all.
46) 1) dialog: . . . for this gift of daily bread we thank thee oh Lord. . . Jaden throws Austen a look. Mean and fierce. And now sudd we see what he's capable of. Fear overcomes Austen's arrogance. He puts his hands together and closes his eyes
46) 2) dialog: . . . and for the gift of these fine sons I thank thee oh Lord. . . The crucifix on the wall. Christ's tormented face in the shadows of this dull, crappy kitchen. It's all Paul has.
46) 3) dialog: . . . beseech thee to look down on them and protect them with thy everlasting mercy . . . Seeing Jaden's eyes now closed in prayer for Pauls' sake Austen can't resist feeling the wad of new cash in his po 42 | P a g e
46) 4) dialog: Thanks be to God. Amen. The boys join him in `Amen' В­ Jaden properly; Austen bar They begin to eat their corner shop meal. Austen sees a shadow cross Jaden's face as Jaden remember
48) 0) text: The meal over, Jaden does the dishes. Paul sits at the ta Austen playing Skyrim in the next room is audible. Paul breaks down in a fit of coughing. Christ watches on.
50) 0) text: Paul lights a cigarette. A moment's pleasure. He slips in what might be a reverie, or just exhaustion. ON PAUL, hea this as Paul might - given his dislocated state of mind: 43 | P a g e
50) 2) text: Get with the fuckin' homework, swear . . . Told ya before get on with it . . . (calmer) One life, one chance, my fam . . . I help ya, no sweat . . . (angry again) Just get with it, ya little . . . The sound of a punch, perhaps. Paul flinches. He looks to Christ. Christ is tormented.
53) 0) text: Later, a knock on Paul's door. No response. Jaden pushes door open a crack, revealing Paul lost and alone on his b a tiny sliver of light among infinite council house darkn Seen like this, the marks life has left on Paul are obvio
53) 2) text: Goin' out dad В­ OK? Paul just frowns. He seems too tired to speak. He express `come back safely' in a way that is very hard to bear. Jaden enters the room. He tucks his old man up in bed saf Then he leaves the room quietly and pulls the door shut s He goes downstairs and exits the house quietly. The ceramic Christ on the Cross in the hallway is silent.
56) 0) text: In the kitchen-diner: Jaden, Austen and Paul. Paul says a prayer before they eat their corner shop meal Austen looks at the crappy bandages around Jaden's torso. Jaden's hands are together in respect for Paul. Austen pr but is now confused. He's scared, but totally in awe of J
56) 1) dialog: . . . for this gift of daily bread we thank thee oh Lord. . . Jaden looks around his praying hands at Austen. It's a look that Austen will never, ever forget.
69) 0) text: Jaden and Austen kneel beside Paul in prayer. Except that Jaden only kneels on one knee and Austen on neither; and neither of them are really praying. Beside them Paul pray with worshipers in the congregation of a dozen or so. Jaden's hoodie hood is down out of respect. Austen has hi hoodie hood up. Jaden pulls it down. Austen throws him a kisses his tongue. Jaden's eyes darken. Austen relents. Jaden looks over, sees a man who seems wrong in here. He twigs: plain clothes COP. Cops don't pray and this one is 51 | P a g e
76) 0) text: Paul brings tea into the living room for himself and the from the church. Austen stands uneasily near the door. In dress, haircut and demeanour he is a perfect model of Jad
76) 2) text: Thank you Mister Mountjoy. (to Austen) I don't want you to feel pressured, Austen. You haven't done anything, so relax. Paul goes to Austen and puts an arm around his wonderful The Cop sips the tea. COP (cont'd)
82) 0) text: In the kitchen-diner: Austen and Paul at the table. Paul says a prayer before they eat their corner shop meal Austen's hands are together in respect for Paul. But Paul can't speak. Austen sees his tears, which escape behind the barrier of his cracked hands like eager jewels Austen gets up and hugs his father with all his life.