0) 25) text: Mia? Who's she? It's late. Pip wants a goodnight kiss. Where are you? Vaughn? On Vaughn's face as he struggles to find the right words
1) 0) text: Vaughn sits in the conservatory and drinks his morning te His gaze out into the garden is broken by something in th cup, in the tea, that gets his attention. Troubled and preoccupied, he frowns as he looks at the tea in the tea His daughter PIP (8) rushes into the conservatory in her pyjamas and throws herself on him В­ her beloved, wonderf
1) 1) dialog: Daddy! Vaughn catches her and tickles her and laughs with her. B his indecision darkens his tired eyes with stress. 3|Page
3) 0) text: Vaughn pretends to read the paper in the kitchen. The fro door opens. The voices of Mia and Pip approach, OS. MIA (30s) enters the kitchen with several shopping bags. She doesn't look at Vaughn. Vaughn watches in a distracted way.
4) 0) text: Vaughn, Mia and Pip sit at the table eating lunch.
4) 1) dialog: But why not? Daddy said we could. Daddy? Vaughn reacts half-heartedly but lovingly to Pip. Mia pre everything is fine: the stiffness of her body and the smi
4) 4) text: You promised. Vaughn looks at Pip's hands. Innocence. The stony road ah
4) 6) dialog: Daddy? Please? Mia said you'd. . . Mia chastises Pip.
4) 8) dialog: Mamma Mia! Vaughn manages to smile. He wants to throw up. 6|Page
5) 0) text: Mia bustles Pip out of the front door. Pip is in tears.
5) 1) dialog: But why can't daddy come? Vaughn stands in the kitchen doorway.
7) 0) text: Pip lies in her bed. Scared, she hears her parents' voice through the wall. Anger and resentment, sadness and shock
9) 0) text: Outside the house Vaughn throws an overnight bag onto the seat of the car. He gets into the car. He slams the door grips the steering wheel. The enormity of it is impossibl He doesn't look up at Pip looking down at him from her be window. That would break him. Worse, it might change his He starts the engine.
13) 0) text: Snow has turned the world into a postcard. With a kiss and a wave, Mia drops Pip off at primary scho She looks like she hasn't slept, but manages to be cheerf
21) 2) text: Pip's with mum?
36) 0) text: Dolores hums Gladys Knight and The Pips as she walks down cheaply carpeted corridor in the admin area of the buildi
38) 0) text: Dolores sits down at her desk. Gladys Knight and The Pips
51) 0) text: Jaden lifts up a floorboard in his bedroom. He looks at h stash of pills, rocks and a pipe. Half the rocks are miss
63) 0) text: He tiptoes to the floorboards near Jaden's bed. He very cautiously levers a floorboard up. Crystals, pill pipes, weed В­ but much more than before. But not what he to see. So Austen puts the floorboard back. He goes to th door, listens again. The shower still runs. He tiptoes ba Jaden's bed, looks around. He lifts up Jaden's pillow.