106) 3) text: an incident that killed a close colleague of hers and resulted in Shona being pensioned, invalided out of the army. In your opinion Chris, this - the PTSD - should have been crucial to the decision not to prosecute Shona for murder, a charge you now feel should have been reduced to what: manslaughter? She didn't seem like much of an invalid in the way she dealt with Rounds did she? So for you - was this a travesty of justice? Really?
107) 0) text: SHONA (20s, black) is awoken by a sound В­ the dull clunk something giving under strain. She lifts her head up, lis Another clunk, but this followed by other sounds downstai Shona is quickly out of bed, standing. She moves in a way suggests combat training: with controlled power and assur She is not afraid.
109) 0) text: Caleb enters. He looks around, sees the usual living room stuff: a settee, some ornaments, a TV and iPod and iPod d a shelf bearing a few ornaments В­ OK, but Caleb wants mo What Caleb doesn't seem to see are the mantelpiece photos Corporal Shona smiling with her Para mates in Afghanistan Caleb turns and heads towards the door. He goes out into
110) 24) text: somewhat. Don't know that I could take one like that. He looks away from her, sees the photographs on the mantl Shona the soldier with her squaddie buddies in Afghanista
115) 0) text: Shona emerges from the bedroom and rushes down the stairs left hand holding her wounded and bleeding right shoulder
116) 4) dialog: Do it.
116) 6) dialog: Go for it. Serious. 87 | P a g e
116) 15) dialog: Wrong. She drops her guard, stands very still, waiting. The blee gunshot wound in her shoulder is draining the life from h They look at each other a moment, breathing hard. She looks away from him, disgusted. 88 | P a g e
117) 0) text: Caleb eats a cheese sandwich. His gun is on the kitchen t near his right hand. Shona sits opposite him; she's in ba shape: he shoulder wound is pulling her down fast. She ho kitchen towel against it, which is SOAKED in dark red blo Caleb watches her.
117) 3) dialog: What do you want?
117) 5) dialog: (strangely calm)
117) 14) dialog: You have to go now.
117) 17) dialog: Friends with benefits. Yeah.
117) 20) dialog: Get the fuck out of my house.
117) 25) dialog: Stop! Please . . . She KICKS at his gun hand. It's inaccurate because now th drugs are overwhelming her. He keeps hold of the gun В­ screaming and gasping for breath he will never draw again A bullet SLAMS into the wall beside her. Reluctantly she Forces herself to FOCUS, to hold the drugs back as she 92 | P a g e
117) 31) text: Me too, Bill. Nighty-night. . . The sounds of polite kissing and an inane radio ad jingle Shona collapses. As she loses consciousness, BLACKNESS an the SOUND of distant, hallucinatory police SIRENS as we
118) 0) text: The radio ad jingle and bullshit fades to SILENCE as A year later: Shona sits looking at CAMERA. She is handcu Her face bears the scars. Her eyes in ECU: they are dark, damaged, strong and sad. She is searching for our affirma Slowly, surely we