0) 1) dialog: I don't know. I mean I want you, I want to be with you. You know that. It's just . . . He glances at his mobile phone in its car kit dash cradle display says `OFFICE'. The lights of cars outside illumin the falling snow, which is beginning to settle on the roa He waits. No response. No need for one.
0) 2) dialog: Can you . . . just give me twenty four hours ­ OK? Beat. The dashboard lights seem swirl around him. Stress.
0) 5) dialog: Thought I'd try a new way home. Beat the traffic, you know. He looks at the sea of cars around him sardonically.
0) 8) dialog: OK ­ I'll call you, babe. OK? Beat. The dashboard lights. Snow. Rush hour. Stress. His satnav sounds bizarrely loud, suddenly:
0) 11) text: See ­ even she's on my side! (beat) I love you Vaughn. Once upon a time. Vaughn takes a deep breath, loathes the traffic outside. His phone display indicates another incoming call: `Mia'.
0) 12) dialog: I love you too. I gotta. . . I'll call you ­ OK. Bye baby.
0) 15) dialog: (hesitant)
0) 18) text: I guess you better take it. 2|Page Vaughn looks at the incoming call display message. His fi hovers between the `accept' or `reject call' buttons.
0) 19) dialog: I have to go. I'll call you. . .
0) 22) dialog: What does that mean? Look you know how it is. I'll see you very soon. Always ­ OK? Ciao baby. No response, then her call is killed her end. Vaughn waits a moment. He takes a deep breath. The world to crowd in on him. He presses the call `accept' button.
0) 23) dialog: Mia. Hi honey.
0) 25) text: Mia? Who's she? It's late. Pip wants a goodnight kiss. Where are you? Vaughn? On Vaughn's face as he struggles to find the right words
1) 0) text: Vaughn sits in the conservatory and drinks his morning te His gaze out into the garden is broken by something in th cup, in the tea, that gets his attention. Troubled and preoccupied, he frowns as he looks at the tea in the tea His daughter PIP (8) rushes into the conservatory in her pyjamas and throws herself on him ­ her beloved, wonderf
2) 0) text: Vaughn SAWS wood fastened in a workbench vice. The usual garden shed clutter of garden furnature and bikes around There is a tense, manic regularity to his saw strokes. A sound, OS, makes him stop sawing:
2) 3) dialog: OK. See you later. He half waits for a response, but when there isn't one he returns to the workbench. He re-grips the saw and starts saw again, but the saw gets jammed in the wood. Vaughn tr to saw/free it with increasing desperation and anger unti
3) 0) text: Vaughn pretends to read the paper in the kitchen. The fro door opens. The voices of Mia and Pip approach, OS. MIA (30s) enters the kitchen with several shopping bags. She doesn't look at Vaughn. Vaughn watches in a distracted way.
3) 3) text: Any more takers? As she speaks, SUPER/SUBTITLE the real meaning of her wor What the fuck is wrong with you? 4|Page Vaughn grunts something, then goes to help her; but it's hearted. He can barely remember where the cereal goes.
3) 10) dialog: Yeah. Probably. I don't know.
4) 0) text: Vaughn, Mia and Pip sit at the table eating lunch.
4) 2) dialog: I'm not sure sweetheart.
4) 4) text: You promised. Vaughn looks at Pip's hands. Innocence. The stony road ah
4) 9) dialog: Sure thing, nitwit. Let's give it half an hour to let our lunch go down. I'm fine.
6) 0) text: Vaughn sits staring unseeing at the TV, which babbles Sat afternoon crap. He picks up his mobile. He thumbs through text messages. He opens one. It says `Do it. Do it for me us! xxx' He stares at it. He suddenly stands, takes a dee breath and gets control. A decision makes itself.
8) 0) text: Wracked with self-loathing, Vaughn stands awkwardly besid bed. Mia stares at him, incredulous. Tears blur her eyes.
9) 0) text: Outside the house Vaughn throws an overnight bag onto the seat of the car. He gets into the car. He slams the door grips the steering wheel. The enormity of it is impossibl He doesn't look up at Pip looking down at him from her be window. That would break him. Worse, it might change his He starts the engine.
10) 0) text: Vaughn sits on a bench and waits. He pulls his coat aroun against the biting cold. He checks his mobile again. Noth The unthinkable crosses his face. Surely not. But then BROOKE (38) walks across the playground toward him. She s him, hurries. It takes him a moment to recognise her. Tha troubles him. He smiles at her ­ his first smile in a lo time. Her smile speaks of very real joy after very real p He stands in order to greet her. She tries not to cry, bu it's impossible. She embraces and kisses him passionately She looks at him like he's all she ever wanted. He sees disguised scars on her face. The scars of pain in her eye
11) 2) dialog: How long have you been here? 8|Page
11) 4) dialog: White, one sugar. Thank you.
11) 8) dialog: Come on. You don't owe me anything. I made a choice. He grabs her, kisses her. He looks like a man trying to convince himself that if he ignores it, reality will go a Emotion overwhelms her, so she gets busy with the tea. Va looks around again, and out of the window. A cheap view,
11) 10) dialog: My God, Brooke. It's . . . He is lost for words. 9|Page
11) 12) dialog: You're telling me I stink. Mea culpa!
11) 14) dialog: I'll take a shower.
11) 16) dialog: (the boy inside)
12) 0) text: Dusting snow off them, Vaughn and Brooke come through the front door, which Brooke closes behind them. They're drun laughing, and sexual. Snow falling is visible outside.
12) 5) dialog: (hushing her)
12) 10) text: She smiles at him, gets under the duvet. He stands awkwar beside the bed a moment, and then gets in beside her. The separately for a moment, and then Vaughn embraces her sof She pulls the duvet up to her neck to hide her body total
12) 11) dialog: An accident? You didn't tell me.
12) 17) dialog: All in good time ­ OK?
15) 0) text: Vaughn pulls up in his car after work. He gets out. He lo at the deep tracks his car has made in the WHITE snow. He looks at the outside of the flat. He hesitates, then goes 12 | P a g e
16) 0) text: Vaughn enters. Brooke rushes to him, smothers him in kiss They hold each other. For a moment he is free of care.
16) 3) text: Vaughn struggles to find an answer to such an inane quest
17) 1) dialog: Thank you.
17) 5) dialog: Brooke, look. . .
17) 9) dialog: My love. He pulls her too him. She smarts at his strength, so he h her gently, nurtures her. They kiss. Their passion builds
18) 0) text: Vaughn and Brooke shower together. He washes her body gen
19) 0) text: Vaughn and Brooke get into bed together. Candlelight illuminates their naked bodies and throws shadows around They start to make love, but then Vaughn stops. She is deeply hurt, but puts a brave face on it. He doesn't know what to do.
19) 1) dialog: What happened?
20) 0) text: Vaughn and Brooke in bed: it should be heaven but its hel 14 | P a g e
21) 0) text: Vaughn enters the house awkwardly. Mia avoids his eyes. He's wearing the new clothes Brooke bought him.
21) 1) dialog: (eventually)
21) 5) dialog: How is she?
22) 0) text: Vaughn sits in rush-hour traffic. The cars ahead of him a moving, but he sits static, staring ahead. Car horns blar His satnav sounds bizarrely loud, suddenly:
23) 0) text: Vaughn enters. He puts his brief case down.
23) 1) dialog: Babe? (nothing, so) Brooke? Brooke suddenly jumps out from behind the kitchen door.
23) 4) dialog: Nothing.
23) 7) text: Vaughn frowns deeply, hides his irritation. The TV babble
23) 10) dialog: That's brilliant. When?
23) 14) dialog: It's great ­ really.
24) 0) text: Vaughn and Brooke begin to make love in bed. It's better time: their passion builds; it's going to be OK. But then He begins to falter and she begins to cry. Her cry become
24) 2) dialog: Tell me! For God sake . . . She suddenly seems alone, naked on the bed. She tries one time: she goes to him, touches him; but he can't respond. He realises. And now her dream is over.
24) 3) dialog: Who did this to you?
25) 0) text: Vaughn suddenly feels as vulnerable as she looks. 18 | P a g e
25) 1) dialog: (incredulous)