0) 1) text: BETH EMHOFF (30‘s) reads a magazine and”stretches-- her h reaches for the communal bowl of peariits on the bar as s battles jet lag with diet coke and aspirin. She ‘looks exhausted. Her phone chimes. She answers.
0) 2) dialog: Mmam...Yeah, it was delayed...Sorry I got so panicky...It was good to see you, too. I’m glad it worked out. She purrs this last part. Smiles at the response we never hear. She coughs-- deep and wet.
0) 3) dialog: I will...Just a little tired and warm. A GATE ANNOUNCEMENT drowns out the conversation. BETH (CONT’D) I gotta go. She sighs and gathers her stuff.
11) 5) dialog: What is it?
11) 11) dialog: Me, too, honey. You want some water?
11) 13) dialog: Let me see if we have something for you. She gets out of bed and staggers to the closet. She gets her CARRY-ON bag. Takes out some COUGH DROPS AND TYLENOL LIQUID FLU MEDICINE.
11) 15) dialog: I‘m going to see if I can do my conference call from home and then take you to the doctor. She kisses Clark’s forehead. He's warm.
16) 0) text: Beth stands in the kitchen somehow confused by the coffee maker. She squints at the morning sun. She drops the coff pot and pours coffee all over for reasons that it would t a microscope to understand.
16) 4) dialog: I have no muscles in my right arm. He comes closer to her.
16) 15) dialog: Why are there so many people here? ER boc You had a seizure this morning, Beth. Have you ever had something like that before?
16) 16) dialog: There’s a meeting in the big conference room today-- I can be on the speaker phone.
16) 27) dialog: (sotto) It’s so bright in here-- And with that she goes into another seizure. The ER TEAM moves to put in an IV and stabilize her head. She foams a the mouth.
19) 0) text: Beth Emhoff is on a ventilator. She is comatose and flat lining. No sign of life from her brain. Icu boc I’m calling it at 6:42pm. The nurses go about the business of disconnecting her fro the machines. Tape is gently pulled from her-- Iv’s taken out.
28) 0) text: The ME and the ASSISTANT ME perform an autopsy on Beth in drab green room. A microphone hangs over the metal table record their findings. On the next table lies CLARK‘’s corpse as well waiting fo autopsy.
81) 0) text: A row of cages filled with RHESUS MONKEYS. Workers in hea protective gear survey.. Each cage is numbered with the corresponding vaccine. Trial and error. The confused monkey faces stare into the camera. They're our astronauts again. TWO MONKEYS are not moving-- they are removed. FLASHBACK - INT. GOLDEN DRAGON CASINO -— MACAU Tt’s the night in question. Beth Emhoff stands with her c workers near a FISH-PRAWN-CRAB TABLE. CONTAGION 1/14/10 88. A traditional Chinese dice game. The Marunouchi Man gathe up the dice and throws them. People laugh.
81) 1) dialog: I don’t understand this game at all,
81) 4) dialog: I want to try. She maneuvers through the crowd toward the Marunouchi Man He gathers up the dice for another throw. Rubs them together. He says something in Japanese and holds the dic out toward Beth. BETH (CONT’D) What? She moves closer.
86) 69) text: FLASHBACK -— INT. GOLDEN DRAGON CASINO - NIGHT Beth demurs a drink and leaves the Fish-Prawn-Crab table.
86) 70) dialog: Whew...I need to use the loo. Anybody know where it is? One of her CHINESE HOSTS points across the casino. Beth off. She ts a little sweaty and clammy. As she walks sh checks her purse and takes out a digital camera. She take picture of the flashing lights.
87) 1) dialog: She enters the LADIES’ ROOM and stands at the sink. She stares at herself in the mirror for a moment. And dabs hi finger in a pot of LIP GLOSS. As she. does, IRINA emerges from the stall behind her... The two women stand next to each other at the sink. Irin searches her purse for something.
87) 3) dialog: Not sure if it’s your shade. They share the lip gloss.
101) 8) dialog: (tinny audio from camera) OK, well in America we have refrigerators but here in Hong Kong everything is kept fresh by...
101) 10) dialog: And so we have ducks cooking here and wait, he wants to show me something.
101) 23) dialog: oh, my God, he’s so cute. What is he?
101) 24) text: The Chef rises into frame with a small PIG in a cage. The Chef says something in Mandarin-- the word for pig. : Beth takes the camera and gets in closer with it.
101) 25) dialog: So, that was our main course. And he tastes as amazing as he looks... The pig sneezes and everyone giggles.
101) 26) dialog: What was that? A sneeze. God bless you! The Chef puts the cage back down on the ground and the gr goes back to the dining room. Beth laughs, not. knowing t the Bat/Pig/Human virus has just jumped into her body. We stay with the pig.