59) 0) text: ORANTES wears a spacesuit and interviews THE OLD WOMAN fr the elevator at Chrysanthemum Gardens. Everything goes through a TRANSLATOR (male, 30's). TWO CHINESE HEALTH OFFICIALS ‘sit in. All wear protective gear. One we will come to know as Orantes’ CHINESE COUNTERPART.
60) 0) text: A Chinese health official discusses the findings with Ora and the Translator. He switches back and forth between English and Chinese with the other officials in the room.
60) 3) dialog: We have nothing on the mainland to report. Orantes isn’t sure if she should believe this.
60) 11) dialog: It is possible that this Japanese index patient brought it from Thailand. We have heard rumors of a new virus there in the North.
62) 10) dialog: We are not prepared to connect the Macau casino cases with the ones in Kowloon at this point-- I think we need to wait for analysis of the samples.
62) 12) dialog: Yes. But, we should wait for the science.
62) 14) dialog: We are cooperating fully. In the CDC video conference room, Cheever, Haggerty and Hextall smirk at this.
62) 34) dialog: Obviously, if someone has discovered a treatment protocol we would like full disclosure and a commitment to forfeit patents and share revenues. 66.
62) 42) dialog: Maybe it does exist. That’s why we need disclosure.
62) 45) dialog: So, there will be no full disclosure.
82) 0) text: Orantes is watching the image on a monitor. Stacks of DVD surround her, Other CHINESE OFFICIALS watch other monitor She crosses to her CHINESE COUNTERPART. ORANTES. It didn’t come from Thailand. She hands the dise to him.
86) 17) dialog: To what end? :
86) 49) dialog: And what should we test on? We're out of monkeys. We are not trying to save laboratory mice--~ we are trying to save people.
86) 68) dialog: If the Index Patient is an American Business Woman or Arab Nationai-- er a Japanese Tourist, how are we to blame? Who do you sue for an earthquake?
96) 20) dialog: We could not get enough doses from the French. We are making it here now. Same formula.
96) 23) dialog: And now, what? We stand here for days and see if she gets sick?