5) 0) text: Irina is through customs. She sees a DRIVER with her name a sign. SHE HANDS HIM HER BAG.
14) 0) text: Fai is hallucinating now. The world comes at him in ways only he understands. He shifts away from non-existent sha and curses at the birds in their cages. PASSERS BY wonder if he’s drunk or drugged. Fai uses pedestrians and lamp posts to keep his feet. Finally, he settles down hard on the dirty, damp curb. The sun has become relentlessly bright~- he shields his e against it with a trembling hand. Muttering. Fai looks back over his shoulder-- what he sees scares hi into rising. He moves away from the onslaught of a seizin brain and takes three blind steps backward into the stree A TRUCK wipes Fai off the face of the earth with a sudden mechanical ease. He is pulled half-way down the block in suspension before the driver knows what happened. People gather round as blood pools out from his body. Cro fill the street. Dogs come to check out the carnage.
88) 2) dialog: Dr. Orantes, you're needed back at the hotel. There‘s a call from Geneva.
88) 4) dialog: The ministry sent me. We're targets in the official vehicles~- sorry to frighten you. Get in.
88) 6) dialog: Many of us are looking. She remains suspicious.
89) 1) dialog: You are the news in Geneva, Dr. Orantes.
92) 0) text: THE DRIVER who kidnapped Orantes takes her down a winding Staircase at a pace. She is hooded and stumbles to keep u
92) 1) dialog: Down, step, down, step...
92) 5) dialog: We will trade you for a hundred doses.
92) 9) dialog: Yes, there is medicine. But, they won’t share it. It stays in Beijing. ‘Or Washington. Or London. They: watch us die from satellites while they give it to each other. He removes her hood. -
92) 10) dialog: You are the cure. You're a mirror, He opens a door and pushes her inside.
93) 4) dialog: We need to save electricity. He kills the lights.
95) 0) text: A group of buildings at the foot of the Tian Tan Buddha. DRIVER who abducted ORANTES comes down the steps of a monastery building. He carries a sidearm. He goes down the staircase to the LOCKED ROOM.
95) 2) dialog: They accepted the terms. She smiles-~ squeezés his hand. A look passes between the EXT. KRUMWIEDE‘S APARTMENT - DAY Krumwiede stands at the window with a microphone and an a A Shepard Fairey poster on the adjacent window.
96) 19) dialog: Is it French or American?
96) 21) dialog: Then we will not release her. The HOODED NATIONALS stand next to Orantes and the driver They rip into the boxes to explore the contents. CONTAGION 1/14/10 116.
96) 26) dialog: Nobody comes closer. They are back at the van now. Boxes loaded. One of the HOODED NATIONALS behind the wheel-- engine revving, The DRIVER pulls Orantes to the rear of the van. Hidden from sight. The Van peels out. Leaving...
97) 5) dialog: You want to hear the news instead?
97) 8) dialog: Anything you think I need to know? The Driver has more questions than a kid on Christmas, bu knows not to ask.
97) 10) dialog: I saw a thing on the internet that said it isn’t random assignments. That people are forging and selling and that there’s politics in it. You think that’s true, Doctor Cheever?
97) 12) dialog: I got number 59. They say that should be fine. You think that? You think that will be fine?
97) 14) dialog: I hear that. You know, I heard one of your co-workers say that it wouldn’t even happen in the spring or summer.
97) 16) dialog: He is wearing an N-95 particulate respirator mask. A litt soiled and tattered.
97) 22) dialog: You sure that’s ccol, Doc?
97) 25) dialog: Left. That’s not the way. Cheever puts a briefcase on the seat next to him. He unfo a slip of paper and hands it forward. The DRIVER takes it from him. He wears RUBBER GLOVES.