4) 0) text: IRINA MODELSKOVA (23, Ukrainian model) stands at the bagg claim trying to get a signal on her phone. She’s groggy f the flight.
4) 1) dialog: Hello...Yes....We just landed. I took something on the plane and I feel miserable...To sleep, yes...I am sorry for what I said. I get anxious and I don’t know what.to say...I just wanted te call and teil you that. The bags begin to tumble down the chute.
4) 2) dialog: I would like to go to New York with you very much...OK? (MORE)
4) 5) dialog: Yes...2 am going to take a bath and a nap when I get to the hotel.. Bye, darling. : Her bag comes down the chute and she walks toward Customs with it.
5) 0) text: Irina is through customs. She sees a DRIVER with her name a sign. SHE HANDS HIM HER BAG.
10) 1) text: TRUSTAFARIANS and THE PHYSICALLY BLESSED drink and smoke fight off ennui with anything they can get their hands on Irina is dragging a bit-- she drops a BEROCCA into a mart glass. A GOATEED TRUSTAFARIAN sidles up beside her.
10) 3) dialog: The Jet Lagatini. I‘m in three different time zones.
11) 0) text: They sit in a stall-- Irina straddling him. Irina finishes a rail of blow and hands the sterling silv straw back to Goatee. He hoovers in a line of his own and then licks the straw clean.
11) 3) dialog: (sarcastic) Yes. We’re soul mates. They both laugh. INT. NICE HOUSE - EDINA, MINNESOTA — NIGHT Clark Morrow climbs out of bed and makes his way down the hall toward the murmur of his parents. He‘’s dragging ass INT, PARENTS’ ROOM - CONTINUQUS Clark enters.
15) 0) text: Irina at a commercial casting looking rough in a short sk She is sweaty and feverish and irritable with the PA.
15) 1) dialog: How much longer? There are five other girls there, also in short skirts. T sit with their portfolics in their laps. Trina crosses to the water cooler. Takes a drink and coug She is miserable. Squints at the light. She walks outside and lights a cigarette with a lighter she borrows from another BORED MODEL. Dials her phone.
18) 8) text: IRINA’s DEAD BODY. Half-covered by a bathrobe. “Blue and xigid. There are pills scattered around and vomit on the floor by her mouth. He turns off the water and closes the door behind him. The maid looks at him-~ searchingly.
87) 2) dialog: Shit, T left mine in the room. Beth offers hers.