32) 11) text: Emhoff fights through the fear and loss to put on a brave front for his daughter JORY (15).
32) 14) dialog: They told me it's isolation not quarantine, Dad. Quarantine is when they lock up everyone whether they're sick or not. Isolation is just when they lock up the sick people.
32) 16) dialog: God, Dad-- what happened? Emhoff shrugs.
32) 18) dialog: Mom sends her condolences. This is from her. She hands him the pie.
32) 20) dialog: It’s on the news. They say twenty- six people have it now, but like a thousand people have come to the emergency room. But, you're fine, right?
32) 22) dialog: But, you were with them. CONTAGION 1/14/10 27.
32) 25) dialog: Do they know what it was?
32) 27) dialog: So, when do you get to leave?
32) 30) dialog: You've never been normal. He smiles underneath the mask.
53) 5) text: INT. NICE BOUSE — EDINA, MINNESOTA - SIMULTANEOUSLY Emhoff watches the conference on a local NBC affiliate wi Jory.
61) 0) text: Emhoff and his daughter, Jory, search the aisles for item Emhoff asks a SALES CLERK for help.
61) 4) dialog: You want me to wear one of those around? Really? Maybe I’m immune like you.
61) 14) dialog: What if 1 just wear a bandana like Jesse James?
72) 0) text: Emhoff and Jory sit in the kitchen and work on their computers. The news provides a steady stream of flu updat and school closings. The doorbell rings. Emhoff goes to answer it. He doesn't recognize the man an hesitates to open the door.
78) 0) text: A bridge over the St. Croix River is patrolled by the NATIONAL GUARD on both sides. Cars are backed up in both directions from checkpoints. Searchlights sweep the bare trees on. both sides of the river-- they find people head east. EMHOFF’S CAR AT THE CHECKPOINT Jory sits in the backseat. A GUARDSMAN in protective gear stops the car by some cones. He uses a megaphone. Keeps h distance.
83) 0) text: Emhoff and Jory pick away at the ice-- four inches thick. Scattered across the frozen lake, other groups are gather around exposed holes and in small shacks. Ice fishing. They break through to open water. Jory puts a kernel of canned corn on a hook and drops it into the water. A NEW WOMAN appears and begins to struggle with a hatchet the ice. Jory watches her. A small celebration breaks out at another hole-- a fish h been caught.
83) 5) dialog: (sotto) Dad. ~-
83) 14) dialog: Help her. Emhoff walks toward the woman.
85) 0) text: Emhoff, Jory and THE HATCHET WOMAN enter the house. It is cold and dark.
85) 9) dialog: Dad- Jory get out of here-- don’t touch anything.
90) 0) text: Jory sits by the window and TEXTS messages to somebody somewhere. A blanket of bright white snow stretches invitingly.
90) 7) dialog: I saw on the news that they’re getting closer to a vaccine.
90) 17) dialog: Merry Christmas.
90) 19) dialog: They’re not sure when delivery is gonna be back to normal. So for now you can just look at the picture.
91) 40) dialog: Don’t step on my angel. Her eyes smile. His smile back. He lies down on top of her. Their breath making soft clou The watch it dissipate in the cold air between them.
99) 0) text: Close on a wrist lighting Birthday Candles on a homemade cake. The wrist has the INSIGNIA on it. Thomas Emhoff. Jory sits at the head of the table. Emhoff hands her a fo up piece of paper~- as she did on CHRISTMAS. A BIRTHDAY PRESENT.
99) 4) dialog: He's an 11.
99) 6) dialog: So, if he gets his vaccine, then he can come over and watch a movie or something, right? Because if he’s immune than I can’t get it from hin. Emhoff smiles at her as he raises the camera.
101) 0) text: Jory hears a knock on the window. She goes downstairs and turns on the lights in the living room.