21) 26) text: GRANDPA SAMUEL REACHES, a rail-thin Sioux elder, appears  through the steam like a vision. Bent in the tiny doorway he searches out the interruption. Cooch aims the M-16 at the old man.
21) 28) text: Grandpa Reaches crawls out first, ignoring the "Hands on  your head" order from Cooch. His eyes move back and forth between the two agents. FIVE MORE INDIANS, from 16-45 come out, looking confused. Cooch makes the towel-wrapped men spread out in a line. T old man is speaking to the others in LAKOTA, and Ray step up to him, cuts him off.
21) 38) text: Cooch takes a careful step behind Jimmy and cuffs him. Lo Twice speaks to the others in LAKOTA, and they disband,  heading to a shade arbor where their clothes hang. As Cooch starts marching Looks Twice toward the house, Ra keeps an eye on the departing. One of them stops halfway the fence and turns. Grandpa Reaches looks at Ray with ey that have seen one hundred and one hard years in Indian  Country.
24) 0) text: Grandpa Samuel Reaches sits in a taped and tuckered easy  chair, his alert black eyes moving from side to side. We  recognize him from the sweat lodge ceremony at Looks Twic although today he wears a straw cowboy hat giving him a m youthful look despite a face like a map of the Badlands. He wears a vest over a western shirt, baggy work slacks, cowboy boots. His brown wrinkled hands run over the top of the Marlboro pack as if he's reading braille. Crow Horse sits across from him on a stool. Ray leans on of the plain green walls, looking uncomfortable. A three  foot adhesive fly strip hangs from the ceiling, thick wit dead ones. There is a black and white TV with Sesame Stre wailing, honking and guffawing through static. Grandpa fixes his eyes on Ray for only split seconds at a time but one gets the feeling he's doing an incredibly de reading of the young man. Slowly, he sits up -- focusing  intensely on Ray. He begins to speak. A hoarse, strained, string of LAKOTA, spoken like it used to be, gesturing toward Ray. When he  finishes, he sits back in his chair. Ray looks intrigued.
24) 3) text: Ray looks puzzled. Crow Horse laughs bull-wild as Grandpa takes up a fly swatter and takes out a big horsefly. The man begins speaking Indian again.
24) 9) text: Crow Horse stops translating suddenly even though the old man continues speaking. Crow Horse looks concerned, and A A QUESTION IN LAKOTA. We don't know what he's asking but tone is absolute amazement. This question triggers an exchange between he and Grandpa the old one getting angry. Grandpa wins.
24) 11) text: Ray's brow is drawn tense as he stares at the old Indian, absorbing the translation. Grandpa speaks more fervently  now, incorporating Indian sign. Each time Grandpa does th hard Sioux HAND SLAP, Ray blinks.
24) 17) dialog: Mltaku Oyasin.
24) 18) text: Ray looks at Grandpa. The old man offers the pipe again.
24) 26) text: Crow Horse asks the old man in Lakota. No answer. The pip is back to grandpa, and he offers it to the Directions, t the Earth then upward before smoking himself. He begins t speak again. Passionately. In long glottal Sioux sentences, adding sig fingers crossing, brushing an arm, a slap here and there, He is working himself into an excited state, and Ray keep looking at Crow Horse, very interested in the old man's  answer. Finally Grandpa's breath comes up short and wheezing, he  ends his oratory with a solid hand slap.
24) 30) text: Crow Horse ignores him. Grandpa speaks again. More hand  language. The old man is staring at Ray while whispering to Crow Ho He strokes his badger claw necklace. Crow Horse looks at Ray and seems hesitant to translate t new piece of information.
24) 32) text: Grandpa smiles toothlessly. Ray who has his driving glass in hand, lifts them to say "these?" but Grandpa sees it a an accepted deal, and swiftly removes his necklace. He ho it out. Ray slowly, hesitantly surrenders his sunglasses, and tak the necklace. Crow Horse bursts into laughter and so does Grandpa, enjoying a good trade. He draws a hand through t air in a sort of horizontal karate chop, meaning done dea Ray looks confused. Out of his element. And out of his sh Another fly gets snagged on sticky tape.
31) 0) text: The dust-buzzard broncs and bounces down Grandpa's drivew coming to a stop near the wrecked cars. Crow Horse dismou and unhooks a carton of smokes from the back. A moment later, the junker van pulls in, bouncing and sha Crow Horse stares at the approaching vehicle, his eyes hi behind Ray's former shades. He cracks a slow smile becaus Ray is stepping quickly from the van, and carrying two pa of Marlboros.
32) 0) text: Grandpa sits in his chair, his black eyes moving smoothly from side to side. Smoke enshrouds his ancient face, givi the sense of another time and place. He speaks LAKOTA. Crow Horse, sitting on a stool across from him, holds The Pipe. He passes it to Ray who sits in a busted lawn chair next to him. The room is dark as the sun sets out the win in red and purple. Ray looks at the pipe. Grandpa will no speak until Ray smokes. And so he does, drawing on the st awkwardly. HEARTBEAT DRUM as Grandpa speaks Indian.
32) 4) text: Ray smirks as he passes the pipe to Grandpa. Crow Horse l nervous. Grandpa offers the pipe to the directions and th disengages the bowl from the stem. He speaks again. Crow  Horse translates.
32) 6) text: Grandpa leans closer to Crow Horse and whispers some Lako
32) 11) text: And Grandpa is already holding out something to offer. It a cigarette. Grandpa offers it again.
32) 13) text: Crow Horse tells the Old Man. Grandpa speaks Indian.
32) 15) text: Ray buries his hands in his jacket pocket. No way. Crow H signs to Grandpa "no." Grandpa gets up, crosses between t two young men, up to the TV set. He turns it on.
33) 16) dialog: Knock it off!
33) 18) dialog: Will ya knock it off? You're actin'  like a couple of old women.
33) 20) dialog: For cryin' out loud. Knock it off.
33) 23) dialog: Come inside. Watch TV.
33) 24) text: And Grandpa goes back in, screendoor slapping shut behind him. Ray is just staring, his jaw dropped. Crow Horse sta laughing. Harder than he has yet, and Ray starts walking  toward his car in fuck-this steps. He gets into the car, closes the door and looks out the o window at Crow Horse. The Indian moves first.
47) 0) text: The rain pelts Grandpa's little Airstream trailer, wind s at sheet plastic in the windows. An ancient sewing wheel  CREAKS RUSTY in the wind. Three clean, late-model fed cars pull down the muddy driv as two SWAT vehicles pull in from another road. The Le Ba pulls in, and Ray bails out with the others. When he sees where he is, he looks distraught. Agents are running behind junked cars, positioning themse around the trailer.
48) 4) text: Grandpa looks at Sherman, ignores him, looks back at Ray.
48) 8) text: Ray starts to follow but he sees Sherman pick something u from near Grandpa. The 500 year-old turtleshell rattle.  Grandpa's eyes widen slightly.
49) 8) text: Cooch heads to his car and Ray starts shuffling toward hi as if he is dared by it all. He is looking at the trailer and there on the rickety porch is Grandpa. He comes down steps slowly, holding his hat on against the wind. He wat the cars pulling out. Ray walks over to him, looking sick.
49) 11) dialog: Out back that way... is a placed  called Wounded Knee.
49) 13) dialog: I was one years old there when our  people were shot down. My mother hid  me in the snow in a blanket. One of  those killed was a Holy Man called  Wakiyan Cante -- Thunder Heart. They  killed him while he was running for  The Stronghold. It is his blood --  the same blood that spilled on the  grass and snow at Wounded Knee --  that runs through your heart like a  buffalo.
49) 15) dialog: Thunder Heart has come. Sent here to  a troubled place to help his people.  That's what I am told. Maybe you're  right and I am mistaken. Your mind  is young, mine is old. If so, so be  it. Ho Hecetu Yelo. I'll speak no  more.
49) 16) text: Ray stands, almost paralyzed, digesting this. He turns an looks into the old man's sharp eyes. Grandpa has closed h eyes, and as he is pulverized by the rain, he turns his f toward it and from way down in his belly, he begins to SI IN LAKOTA. And it is too much. Too weird. He wheels and  hurries to the car. Gets in, and beats a fast path out of the old man's lonesome patch of land. BLUE HEAT LIGHTNING knifes the sky. THUNDER ROLLS, and ru into POOL BALLS --
93) 20) text: Ray goes to get in his car. But he sees someone sitting a the street on the trading post porch. The old man. Ray considers him for a moment then walks over. They lock eyes. Grandpa stares at Ray as if he's never seen him bef and then arcs a brow. He touches his sleeve at the wrist. Ray rolls his sleeve back to reveal his Rolex. Grandpa sm and Ray strips it off. He hands it to the old man and his face crinkles into caliche earth. Grandpa holds the watch up in the light, admires it then  puts it in his shirt pocket. He moves a flat hand through the air in the "done deal" sign language. Ray, a little  surprised that he gets nothing in the trade, returns the  smile and walks away. He gets to his car and wipes away two inches of dust from the broken windshield.
94) 0) text: After THREE TRIES, he gets the engine started. He pulls h gun off his waistband, goes to lay it on the passenger se and finds something there. Grandpa's sacred caanunpa. The Pipe. Symbol of truth. Ray looks out the window at the old man who is watching him w those sharp black eyes. Ray lifts his hand, holds it flat and does the Sioux done deal sign.