25) 47) text: And he slowly retreats to his lawn chair under the arbor. Chasing Hawk, Maggie and the other Warriors strut up to t agents. All but one who is bound to a wheelchair. We've s RICHARD YELLOW BIRD, the big Cheyenne who wears a Red Pow baseball cap, an earring, and thick bifocals -- in one of the file photos. His arms are plastered with tattoos.
25) 53) text: Yellow Bird sits there, staring up at him through thick  glasses But then Maggie Eagle Bear takes the handles of Y Bird's wheel chair. She looks at Ray with eyes that are c cherry black, eyes that look right through him. He return the glare. And then she pushes Yellowbird forward and lea the feds alone. Ray turns to Cooch who is lighting a cigarette, and  concentrating on the movements of this group as they wand under the arbor, visiting people. LAKOTA SINGERS start up
27) 2) text: Ray maneuvers in Quantico fashion, keeping the rifle on t Indian's back. The Indian drops what he's holding. And tu around. It's not a he. We've seen her before. At the Poww Maggie Eagle Bear. Her hair is pulled back tight, braided Ray moves in toward her, surprised at first, but still  cautious
27) 4) text: She does what he tells her. As Ray moves in on her, he no an INDIAN CHILD sitting in the passenger seat, looking ou into the highbeams, frightened. Ray toes Maggie's legs out wider, frisks her one-handed,  pats down her boots.
27) 5) dialog: You're the Indian FBI.
27) 7) text: Maggie turns around, looks Ray in the eye. He looks self- conscious in the cowboy hat.
27) 8) dialog: The people are glad they sent you.  They usually send in guys who come  at ya with highbeams, screamin' "drop  it, Motherfucker", stick a gun in  your face, frisk ya down. Even if ya  got a child with ya. No, it's good  to have ya. It's gonna be was-te  times on the res.
27) 10) dialog: I was gonna warn ya about messin'  with somebody's medicine bundle but  I forgot you know all about that  stuff.
27) 13) dialog: You're not gonna catch him. He can  shape-shift into different animals.  Bear. Elk. Porcupine.
27) 15) dialog: Jimmy didn't kill Leo. Why do you  wanna do this?
27) 17) dialog: -- Leo was an apple, that's right.  Red on the outside, white on the  inside. And Jimmy hated him. Kicked  his ass a coupla times. But he didn't  kill him.
27) 19) dialog: You're the FBI. That's your job,  isn't it? Ya know how many of our  Warrior brothers got killed out here?  I never saw any investigating then.  Why now? What's going down here?
27) 21) dialog: Try the Fort Laramie Treaty. All  over again.
27) 24) dialog: I'm from Minneapolis. Fifth Street.  I did four years at Dartmouth before  I ever set foot on this res. So I  know about the other world, Ray.
27) 26) dialog: Are you gonna keep that medicine  bundle or are you gonna respect its  power?
27) 28) dialog: Thank you.
27) 30) text: Maggie gets in the truck, starts it up. She looks out at  him, studying him. Trying to figure him out. HEADLIGHTS a coming fast from down the main road.
27) 31) dialog: Grandpa Reaches says you come from  heavy Indian blood. I used to think  Grandpa was gettin' senile. Now I  know he is.
27) 33) text: Maggie drives forward, turning down another little wagon  road, and bumping into the black night only moments befor Cooch's Le Baron pulls in. SA Miles and Sherman's vehicle pull in behind it. The reg feds fall in behind Cooch, everyone, packing rifles.
36) 0) text: The van sits parked down the road from Maggie's dimly-lit home. Ray sits behind the wheel, watching the house. LOCU make a steady and unnerving sound. It is black. Black und big sky. Ray lets his head sag out the open window and he takes in the vastness. POV: stars. Millions of stars. And an incredible full moo It hangs huge over distant fields, a perfect sphere. The half of the moon is yellow, the bottom half a lava red.
43) 0) text: Maggie's old pick-up is parked near an arch gate of the t cemetery where a tall monument is fenced off from other g There are tobacco offerings and other medicines hanging o the fence and on the monument. It is a quiet place. Still. Maggie stands before the unkempt monument in her denim ja her hair blowing across her face in the wind. She PRAYS I LAKOTA. Behind her TEN CHILDREN from the Bear Creek School stand, heads bowed respectfully. Two of them sit on the lap of  Richard Yellow Bird who looks on from his wheelchair, pra quietly with Maggie. When Maggie completes her prayer, sh ties some tobacco to the monument then turns and faces th children. One of them, a LITTLE GIRL -- heavy-set -- rais a hand that we might note is deformed. As many of the chi we have seen on the res, are.
43) 2) dialog: Two-hundred and sixty-seven men,  women, old people. And little ones  like you. Many killed running along  that road you see there.
43) 4) dialog: A place called The Stronghold. (a beat) They died for a dream. But you live.  You are their great-great  grandchildren and you live. We have  to honor their dream. Of protecting  the Mother Earth. And being proud of  being Indian.
43) 6) text: Maggie smiles at the boy.
43) 7) dialog: Yeah, well, let me tell you something,  Henry: just be glad he wasn't looking  for Turkey.
43) 8) text: The CHILDREN LAUGH. All but one boy, who isn't paying  attention. He is staring up at a hill, off in the distanc MAGGIE'S POV: on the hill, a figure stands, hands in his  pockets, hair blowing in the wind. Ray.
43) 10) dialog: Richard. Sing the Honoring Song with  them. I'll be right back.
43) 12) dialog: We're praying at the grave. Do you  wanna join us?
43) 15) text: Maggie looks at him. They lock eyes.
43) 16) dialog: So much power. I see it in your eyes.  This... hunger for power. Or for  what you think is power.
43) 17) text: As if exhausted by the thought, Maggie sits down on the b looking out at the children who are still singing the son As she speaks, she begins digging her fingers in the eart Ray stands over her.
43) 19) dialog: -- You desecrated it, it had to be  burned.
43) 21) dialog: You forced an innocent man to run  like an animal. You've tried to poison  my people's hearts against me with  your manipulation, with letters I  never wrote... you've been watching  me eat, work, raise my family...  wash myself in the river. And now  you're here, arresting me at a sacred  place. (a beat) In your eyes, that's power.
43) 22) text: Maggie lifts herself onto her knees and looks down into t small hole she's dug. She picks up a little pine cone.
43) 23) dialog: So I plant this tree for you. And I  take all this stuff that you've laid  on me and my people, and I put it in  this hole with this pine cone. (she covers it) And I bury it. Cuz ya know what it  is, Ray? Bullshit. And shit is  fertilizer. (she stands) And The Mother will turn your lies  into something that lives.
43) 24) text: Maggie rises, dusting off her hands. She looks him in the soul.
43) 25) dialog: That's what power is, in the Indian  way. (holds her hands out  to be cuffed) Take me to Rapid, Ray. I'm the enemy.
43) 28) text: Maggie looks at him, considering. Then toward the long da silhouette of a mountain range across the plains.
43) 29) dialog: See those Black Hills out there,  Ray? When the people lost the land  in 1868, the government took  everything but those hills. They  allowed us to keep those Black Hills,  to live there. Signed a treaty. Until  they found gold. Then they told us  we had to leave because of National  interest. They broke that treaty.  Anyone who fought or spoke out against  it, wound up dead or in jail. And  the people wound up here. On a  reservation.
43) 31) dialog: While up there, in the Black Hills...  they carved the faces of four  presidents.
43) 33) dialog: Your relatives must've taught you  something.
43) 35) text: Maggie starts giggling.
43) 37) dialog: Wa-shee is like... a dumpling. Like  tallow we put in stew. I think he  was calling you chubby boy.
43) 39) text: Maggie is laughing as she looks back at the children who no longer singing. Ray reaches inside his jacket and take out five polaroids. He shuffles them as he ponders. He ha one to Maggie who has caught herself opening up too much the Wasi'cu.
43) 41) text: Maggie looks at the first photo and says nothing. She han it back quickly. Ray won't take it.
43) 43) text: Maggie ignores him. Ray studies her reaction.
43) 45) text: Maggie is looking away. She picks a long blade of grass a smoothes it in her hands. Ray looks at her a moment longer then rises, dusting off jeans, and standing there. He thinks for a long moment,  pinches the bridge of his nose, then looks out at the Bla Hills, pensive.
43) 47) text: Maggie watches him go. Looks away. Then watches him again
43) 48) dialog: Goodbye... Wa-shee.
44) 4) text: Exhausted, Ray lays his head back on the seat, and lets a long, constricted breath free. THUNDER ROLLS like the slo deep roar of some giant bear up in the hills. He opens hi eyes, looks out the window. POV: rain is coming down, and Maggie is getting the child into the back of her truck. She helps them get a tarp ove their heads. Then as Yellow Bird pulls himself into the c of the truck, she hefts the wheelchair and two boys load in. She gets in, starts up, and rolls off down the sloping ro
51) 0) text: Ray closes the door, and stands there. He seems to be hav trouble breathing. He looks down at his boots. There is  something on the floor. Something that has been slipped u the door earlier. He just stares down at it. Then slowly  stoops. CLOSE ON: the polaroid of the res car he gave to Maggie  earlier. She has returned it. He turns it over. Written across the whi backing of the photo, in dark black marker is the name -- YELLOW BIRD. Ray stares at this for a moment then hurries over to boxe of files on the bed. He rummages like a nervous thief and comes up with a folder. He flips through it, casting off  files and 302's and profiles and finally stopping on -- The 8x10 BLACK AND WHITE of Richard Yellow Bird seen earl Sitting in his wheelchair, Red Power cap on, tattoos marr big arms. And under it a DOUBLE MUG SHOT stamped LEAVENWO PRISON. Under that ANOTHER PRISON MUG SHOT stamped SIOUX  FALLS PRISON. And under that a -- THIRD MUG SHOT stamped "PAROLED." Ray, his eyes fixed on this one, takes a few steps and si on the end of the bed. He then stuffs the file back in a  box, and takes off toward the door.
95) 0) text: The Le Baron eats up the dirt road at a moderate, gravel  crunching pace. It slows as it passes Maggie Eagle Bear's quiet home on the river. Children walk with the old woman carrying buckets from the river. The Le Baron slows to a crawl, then drives on.