5) 0) text: Carl follows Ray into the big sparse room of unfinished  sheetrock walls. There is nothing in here but cardboard b and two people; a bearded HISPANIC MAN standing behind a  counter, writing on a clipboard. The other is a middle-ag BLACK MAN in a purple silk shirt sitting in a chair with newspaper held open. He barely looks over the top of the  Wall Street Journal.
5) 1) dialog: Hey, look who's here.
5) 3) text: Ray walks up to the counter. Carl lingers, fidgeting. Ray sets his briefcase on the counter and click-clicks it ope The Hispanic fence man looks inside, and begins pulling o stacks of treasury checks.
5) 4) dialog: Clean ones?
5) 6) text: Ray gestures to Carl and he nervously sets his briefcase the counter, fumbles with the first latch. The second. He flips it open. The fence man casts his eyes down at a neat cache of Grad Treasury. A lot of it. Then his eyes rise to Carl.
5) 7) dialog: What ya got there, seventy-five  thousand?
5) 10) text: The fence man pushes an intercom button and yells into a  speaker.
5) 11) dialog: SALLLLY!
5) 14) text: Carl startled, does an almost effeminate dip down to one  knee, but that knee is swept out from under him, slapping him flat onto plywood where he is instantly frisked down the fence man who is wielding a 9 mm handgun. But the whi collar criminal is more stunned by the fact that -- Ray is walking across the floor with his hands in his poc over to the Mr. Coffee. He pours one, and adds some milk. Turns and watches the bust while opening a packet of Swee n'Low.
5) 17) text: Ray rests his weight against the coffee station, takes a  careful sip. Carl is yanked to his feet by the fence man he stands there, looking at Ray, baffled. Completely shoc
41) 44) text: Crow Horse rises and walks unsteadily across the floor,  leaving the bar. Brooks is whispering to the others,  apparently about who Ray is. The bar man comes up to Ray, holding a tray, on which sits a shot and a beer. Ray look at it for a moment.
41) 45) dialog: Sorry. On the house.
41) 46) text: Ray knocks the tray out of his hand, spilling beer and wh all over the bar man and the locals around him. And he walks out, leaving the locals confused.