3) 0) text: Behind the wheel -- an intense young man with close-cropp black hair, eyes hidden by sunglasses. Whatever he does f a living, he does in a suit (not expensive but well-fit. we might also note that any extra suit cash has gone inst into the silver-plated watch on his left wrist). Lean as rake, sallow in the cheeks, there is something insatiable about him -- a hungry energy that won't let him go. RAY LEVOI, late 20's, early 30's, pulls out of a threaten traffic jam and races on the narrow right between thirty  cars and a cement girder.
4) 0) text: The black SX has jumped off an exit and has entered the l industrial section of Washington. It pulls up near a load dock behind an old gray building and several parked cars vans. Ray steps out, smooths his jacket, locks and SETS H CAR ALARM. Another young man -- chubby, clean-shaven; in a nicer sui than Ray's -- steps out from a parked Miata, and approach Ray. CARL PODJWICK balances a coffee, a U.S.A. Today and black eel-skin briefcase.
4) 2) dialog: Hey. Nice tie.
4) 5) dialog: Ya got the paper?
4) 8) dialog: You're my hero, Carl.
4) 10) dialog: Breathe, Carl. Four, nice, deep ones.
4) 11) text: They stop at the door of a service elevator and Carl brea Expanding his chest, exhaling. Ray adjusts Carl's tie for him, his collar. He speaks quietly. Quickly.
4) 12) dialog: Anyone stops us going in, we're with  the Bowen-Hamilton Textile Company.  We have rug samples.
4) 14) dialog: We are one-dimensional, boring  peddlers of fine carpet, Carl.
4) 15) text: Carl nods. Ray hesitates, adjusts his own collar and ente the service elevator. Carl follows. Door closes. BEGIN CREDITS END.
5) 0) text: Carl follows Ray into the big sparse room of unfinished  sheetrock walls. There is nothing in here but cardboard b and two people; a bearded HISPANIC MAN standing behind a  counter, writing on a clipboard. The other is a middle-ag BLACK MAN in a purple silk shirt sitting in a chair with newspaper held open. He barely looks over the top of the  Wall Street Journal.
5) 2) dialog: Louis, my man, what's happenin'?
5) 3) text: Ray walks up to the counter. Carl lingers, fidgeting. Ray sets his briefcase on the counter and click-clicks it ope The Hispanic fence man looks inside, and begins pulling o stacks of treasury checks.
5) 5) dialog: Immaculate.
5) 6) text: Ray gestures to Carl and he nervously sets his briefcase the counter, fumbles with the first latch. The second. He flips it open. The fence man casts his eyes down at a neat cache of Grad Treasury. A lot of it. Then his eyes rise to Carl.
5) 12) text: Carl's eyes flit to Ray. Ray's eyes flit to Carl. Louis crushes his newspaper down and lifts a big Colt Pyt from his lap just as -- A section of sheetrock kicks open and THREE FEDERAL OFFIC bust out, each clutching a handgun, SHOUTING inaudibly.
5) 14) text: Carl startled, does an almost effeminate dip down to one  knee, but that knee is swept out from under him, slapping him flat onto plywood where he is instantly frisked down the fence man who is wielding a 9 mm handgun. But the whi collar criminal is more stunned by the fact that -- Ray is walking across the floor with his hands in his poc over to the Mr. Coffee. He pours one, and adds some milk. Turns and watches the bust while opening a packet of Swee n'Low.
5) 15) dialog: Slam dunk.
5) 17) text: Ray rests his weight against the coffee station, takes a  careful sip. Carl is yanked to his feet by the fence man he stands there, looking at Ray, baffled. Completely shoc
5) 19) dialog: Don't have one, Carl. I have a number,  man. Just like the numbers on those  treasury checks. You stole from your  own country, Carl. Shame on you.
5) 20) text: Coffee in hand, Ray walks briskly toward the door.
5) 22) text: Ray turns. Louis takes a few steps toward him, putting hi gun back in his waistband.
5) 24) text: Ray stands frozen, holding the door knob, and digesting w are apparently influential words.
5) 26) text: Ray just stares for a moment. Then hurries out the door. Carl, being arm-gripped by two agents and photographed li a trout, gazes bewildered at the door.
7) 3) text: Seated, at the far end of the table, engrossed in the dee spread of information, SA (Special Agent) FRANK COUTURE i about to break the record for longest single ash on the e of a cigarette and the smoke forces his eyes into tight,  concentrating, slits. "COOCH" as they call him in the Bur has seen thirty years in some rough "provinces". He has  survived the Hoover era and is a legend in the Sessions e but survival has honed an edge. An edge with a touch of i cop humor. Ray enters, walks into a firm shake.
7) 5) dialog: Mister Tully.
7) 7) dialog: No. No, no. Thank you.
7) 8) text: Ray sits nervously across from Cooch who looks up from th photos and studies the younger man through reading glasse and cigarette smoke, and he looks at him like he doesn't  know who the hell he is or why he's sitting there.
7) 13) dialog: Frank Couture.
7) 16) text: The handshake is still locked. Cooch is still squinting a the younger agent. Ray obviously knows something about Ag Couture.
7) 17) dialog: It's an honor.
7) 20) text: Ray's enthusiasm suddenly deflates.
7) 21) dialog: South Dakota... (confused) Did I do something unsatisfactory,  Sir?
7) 23) text: Ray looks completely baffled now, swinging a look from Co to Tully.
7) 26) dialog: I'm not that sure. Yeah, I think --
7) 28) text: Ray nods, looks from Tully to Cooch. What's going on here
7) 35) dialog: Woh, excuse me, Sir... I see what  you're saying... I've got a little  Indian blood, that's true. But -- (laughing) I am not an... an Indian. I can't  just go in and --
7) 37) text: A beat. Ray lowers his eyes to the photos.
7) 38) dialog: I didn't know him, Sir. He passed  away when I was six.
7) 40) text: Ray looks up at Cooch. Another uneasy beat. Cooch lights cigarette as if lighting a cigarette was a science.
7) 42) text: Ray sits before the files and photos, looking unsure. He come to garner a promotion but has just been sent to The  Graveyard. Or in the FBI argot, Indian Country. Tully pivots his leather chair in a full circle and slaps assignment folder down in front of the young agent.
9) 0) text: Cooch is at the wheel. Ray, passenger. His lap is a desk several folders, and he works through them as they drive. Both agents eat a sandwich as they travel.
9) 1) dialog: Eight murders in less than a year.  All of them Indian. All of them  unsolved. Is the law a non-entity  out here or what?
9) 2) text: Cooch opens a folder that sits between them, and taking h eyes off the road for a dangerous five seconds, locates s photos, and hands them to Ray. Ray's expression tells us  they are not pretty.
9) 4) dialog: Jesus...
9) 6) text: Ray considers this as he looks out at the unfamiliar terr while on the RADIO, a D.J. speaks in LAKOTA LANGUAGE. Ray back at Cooch, studying his face.
9) 7) dialog: Were you in Nam?
9) 9) text: Ray smiles, sets the AC on high.
9) 10) dialog: Not as scary as a Hoover man with a  computer.
9) 11) text: Cooch throws a quick look Ray's way. And a smile. He  appreciates the sting of a right off a left.
9) 13) dialog: You crashed my file?
9) 15) text: Ray has finished his sandwich. He wipes his hands on a  kerchief while taking in the sight of chalky buttes cramm roadside.
9) 16) dialog: You've been in the bureau for thirty  years. You survived The Hoov, the  Black Panthers and Abscam. I don't  see any bullet holes. That's good  enough for me.
9) 17) text: Cooch looks at Ray, amused. He likes this guy. And then h notices a look of growing consternation on his partner's  face.
11) 0) text: We are on the Moon. Or Israel. But not America. Not any  America we've ever seen. A thirty-mile eroded landscape o dunes and crevices, soft rock strata and fossils. Barren. And eerie. A LAKOTA DEATH SONG underscores the otherworld ambiance of this place as -- SHOES scuff through the gumbo and multi-colored stones. T pair of black, spit-shined, lace-ups. Three. Tripping.  Scuffing. And then a fourth pair. But they are not loafer They are Georgio Brutini's and they belong to -- Ray, as he and Cooch follow two Special Agents from the  regional office. SA MILES is about Cooch's age, balding. SHERMAN is closer to Ray's age but instead of a suit like the rest, he favors an army-green jacket. Neither is a So Dakota shit-kicker but transplanted field agents. All fou shield their eyes with dark glasses, and here in the Badl it is wise because the sun makes dunes shimmy and craters become faces. It plays mischief on the eye, making Ray an Sherman nearly trip on --
11) 4) text: Cooch studies the body from where he stands. Sherman hand file over to Ray.
11) 8) text: The agents start back through the Badlands. Ray is alread squatting a safe distance from the body, covering his nos with a kerchief while looking in the file. Cooch takes a bended knee on the other side of the body.  Flies buzz on and around the corpse.
11) 9) dialog: Leo Fast Elk... Thirty seven...  single... Member of the Tribal  Council.
11) 10) text: Cooch makes a note then slowly circles the body. He holds hand out to Ray and the younger agent turns the file over
11) 12) text: Ray gets closer, swats at Flies with the folder.
11) 13) dialog: Six rounds. 357.
11) 15) text: Ray looks up impressed. Cooch rises and walks off gingerl scanning the surroundings.
11) 16) dialog: Somebody was serious about doing  this guy, that's for sure.
11) 20) text: way out in the bizarre moonscape of eroded rock and earth lone figure on a motorcycle bounces and grinds, born out a silvery heat mirage. It's fifty yards off but heading  straight for us. The HEARTBEAT DRUM. REVERSE - RAY AND COOCH try to make the figure out.
11) 24) text: Crow Horse hawks his eyes onto a big rock, a full second  before Ray steps out, his .45 drawn but held at ease. Crow Horse slowly raises his arms as Ray moves up to him, studying him.
11) 27) dialog: This is a restricted area.
11) 29) text: Ray frisks the Indian, finds an old leather wallet, and t a gun. A .38.
11) 38) dialog: I did.
11) 40) dialog: -- a fucking cop.
11) 41) text: A pause. A long, dead of South Dakota, Badlands pause. Co turns and looks at Ray who holds up the open wallet, reve a badge. Like Cooch's it shines in the sun.
11) 42) dialog: Walter Crow Horse. Tribal Police.
11) 43) text: Cooch stands staring at the Indian... then takes a few st over to Ray and grabs the wallet. He examines it. Then lo at Crow Horse and laughs.
11) 45) text: The Indian cop has plenty of time to get up on his own bu he kneels there, tauntingly, waiting for Ray to help him. Ray walks over and offers a hand. Crow Horse takes it, an pulls himself up, looking square into Ray's sunglasses. Cooch walks over and hands the officer his wallet, and hi .23. Crow Horse takes the items, eyeing the older agent.
11) 48) text: Ray does a take but quickly recovers, meeting Crow Horse' scrutinizing gaze. Crow Horse nods to Ray, and Ray nods b in case it's the Indian thing to do. Crow Horse nods agai Ray nods again.
11) 52) text: Ray stares at Crow Horse, uneasy. The wind sings through Badlands.
11) 53) dialog: Leo has to take the journey, Cooch.
11) 57) text: Crow Horse says something in Sioux to Ray. Ray just stare
11) 59) dialog: After we've completed our  investigation.
11) 60) text: Crow Horse is staring at Ray.
11) 62) text: Ray looks offended. Cooch puts a hand on Crow Horse's sho and walks him toward his beat-up motorcycle.
11) 65) text: Crow Horse turns and looks at Ray. Ray is quick this time
11) 66) dialog: Leo's gonna need his hands, Cooch.  He does quillwork.
11) 75) text: Cooch and Ray stand there, watching Crow Horse mount his  bike and push off down a nasty slope back through the  Badlands. He starts his motor. It dies. Then starts again
11) 77) dialog: Beats the hell outta me.
11) 78) text: Ray and Cooch look off across the Badlands, as far out of their element as they can be.
11) 79) text: in the circle in the sand, fluttering in the wind. The gold spit-shined Le Baron eases to a crawl, passing a old wooden sign. "Leaving Bear Creak Indian Reservation." And immediately pulling in front of a squat old bar with burned out neon Miller light. DWIGHT YOAKUM croons "Youuu Got-Your Little-Ways" on the jukebox from inside. The Buffalo Butte bar has several cracked and sun-bleache buffalo skulls hanging off the edge of its flat roof and faded white letters painted across the front read: "No In Allowed." (This sign actually exists today in the res-line border t of Scenic, South Dakota). The car pulls up beside a pick- and parks. Ray and Cooch step out, careful to walk wide a a PITBULL in the bed of the truck. A WHITE LOCAL walks out of the bar and looks askance at t suits. As the two feds approach the bar, Cooch looks up a the warning sign. Ray sees it too.
11) 83) text: Ray spins quickly, paranoid about entering. But the man  calling to them is -- An Indian himself. TRIBAL PRESIDENT OLIVER CLEAR MOON, a  small man in his late fifties who peers out at the agents through fat bifocals. He wears a straw cowboy hat, red  windbreaker and his hair is cut short, or "bobtailed" as Indians say. Clear Moon is walking away from a parked pick-up truck, t the white men, eyeing the two with deep curiosity.
11) 90) dialog: (quickly) Ray Levoi, Sir. Pleasure.
11) 91) text: Clear Moon beholds the young agent with hopeful eyes, a s breaking across his flaccid brown skin. He takes Ray's ha in a respectful double-clutch and grips him tightly... al desperately.
11) 93) text: He keeps pumping Ray's hand, looking into his face with g admiration. Cooch looks on with amusement.
11) 95) text: Clear Moon has not released Ray's arm as he leads them to string of seedy motel units across the street.
11) 96) dialog: I thought we were staying on the  reservation.
11) 98) dialog: I see.
11) 100) dialog: Oh, I'm set, Sir. I'm set.
11) 102) text: And Clear Moon guides them through the front door of room 13. Ray looks over his shoulder threateningly at Cooch wh winks and pats his back.
13) 0) text: Ray lies in bed. Awake. He is hanging off the bed with a  file open on the floor and using the moon to light photos and memorandums. And then he hears LAUGHTER outside. And  GLASS BREAK. He gets out of bed quickly, snatching up his pants, putti their on, and going to the window.
13) 8) text: Ray is transfixed.
14) 0) text: The Indian man, is pushed into a stumble, and caught by  another white man as a little game of catch takes place.  Cooch, stepping into the circle, shirt half unbuttoned, h a mess, looks on. Then steps in front of a big local and  catches the Indian as he comes stumbling. He holds onto h looking at the faces that turn his way. Ray steps up besi him, looking tense.
14) 4) text: The Indian ends up stumbling back toward Ray, and Ray cat him this time. The man maintains a perfect vacant express and keeps acting as though nothing of the sort is happeni But he is dizzy, and exhausted, and Ray keeps him from  falling. Cooch looks at Ray. Their eyes meet. Ray shoves the man  forward. This time, instead of catching him, the local on the receiving end, hauls off and punches him in the face. The Indian drops. Cooch runs in, grabs the Indian under the arms and drags back to his car.
14) 8) text: Cooch slams the door, and kicks it, and the vehicle lurch forward. A beer can clanks off the rear window, and rolls clanking into the middle of the road. Ray stands there with the locals as they all watch the ca drive off across the reservation line. Cooch, belly stick out of his unbuttoned shirt, and a breathless smile on hi face, heads to the bar without breaking stride. This man done "underground" before.
15) 0) text: Cooch and Ray sit in a booth with DENNIS VAUGHN, a strapp local man, ranch-raised, and gentlemanly. In fact, downri likeable.
15) 2) dialog: Liquor. We heard they like their  drink on the reservation, and we  were gonna see if we couldn't unload  some surplus on the way to Nebraska.
15) 8) text: Cooch and Ray don't flinch. Dennis does. He looks between the two, cautiously.
15) 18) text: Cooch laughs good-naturedly. Ray smiles. But Brooks looks offended.
15) 21) text: Ray catches this. Glances a look off Cooch who works on a cold draught beer.
15) 22) dialog: Did any of you gentlemen know Leo  Fast Elk?
15) 26) text: Cooch shakes his head, distracted, and the two locals lea enroute for the pool table. Ray watches them go, curious.
16) 0) text: Ray and Cooch, cross the street back to the motel. It is  black and chillingly still.
16) 1) dialog: Water. Worth killing for out here,  I'd think.
16) 3) dialog: I already did.
16) 4) text: Cooch looks at Ray, impressed.
16) 5) dialog: Couldn't sleep.
16) 11) text: He hands Ray the recorder.
16) 12) dialog: Done.
16) 13) text: Cooch starts for his room but in a long, exaggerated coun step as he breaks into the HANK WILLIAMS tune that has al but driven him insane inside the joint. Ray watches him g and cracks a laugh.
17) 0) text: Ray's at the wheel, looks intense as he studies the vast  expanse of slopes and rock formations and the rising sphe of flame that lights the road in strange color. He is rea a name list that he traps against the wheel.
17) 1) dialog: Hobert Standing-Buffalo-That-Walks- Dreamer. (a dry run) Hello, I'm looking for Hobert Standing- Buffalo-That-Walks... Dreamer.
17) 2) text: Ray pulls up a long dirt drive and parks.
18) 0) text: Ray walks to the front door of a war-torn trailer that is halfway swallowed by weeds and plants. It is static out h Dead still. Ray approaches the front door. There is a hug hole in it. He knocks above the hole. After a moment, the door opens a crack. A dark, weather-b face barely shows.
18) 1) dialog: Good morning. I'm looking for Hobert- Buffalo-Dreaming... (cheat sheet) Hobert Standing-Buffalo-That-Walks--
18) 3) dialog: --Dreamer.
18) 4) text: Ray stands there for a moment then lowers himself to look through the huge hole in the door.
18) 5) dialog: Sir?
18) 6) text: A tattered chair is pushed against the door, covering the hole. Ray stands up, turns on the steps. And before he ca let out a flustered sigh, he spots something across the d road. Something that makes him remove his shades, look ag Whatever it is, it doesn't make him happy, and he is hurr across the road.
19) 0) text: A motorcycle, parked between the road and the badlands. W seen the ancient bike before. Ray walks past it, looking it. He pushes his shades up on the bridge of his nose and loo down into the moonscape. Walter Crow Horse is down there, on his haunches, "feel  tracking", laying his fingers inside tracks and reading t He doesn't even look up at the sound of the FBI agent's  footsteps.
19) 3) dialog: What are you --
19) 5) text: Ray draws back.
19) 6) dialog: What?!
19) 9) dialog: Hey. (ignored) Hey, you, listen up --
19) 15) text: Ray is frowning at the big Indian, trying to get a fix on this
19) 17) dialog: Bullshit.
19) 19) dialog: You're trying to tell me you can  read all that from a track?
19) 21) dialog: Is that right? Well, listen to this:  drag your ass. This is a restricted  area.
19) 23) dialog: You've got no jurisdiction.
19) 25) dialog: Maybe you're not aware of this, Crow  Horse, but I just flew in from a  place called the Twentieth Century  where we have such things as  electrostatic tracking methods,  psycholingusitics, DNA fingerprinting;  I don't have to crawl around with  the scorpions and talk to the fucking  trees to get answers. Leo was killed  right here.
19) 27) dialog: -- his mother never lived here. She  was from up in North Dakota.
19) 29) dialog: His spiritual mother...
19) 31) dialog: Thank God. Now listen to me, asshole.  I'm giving you a break. But if my  partner finds out you're here, you're  gonna be reading rat tracks in Sioux  Falls Maximum Security.
19) 33) text: Crow Horse walks back up toward the road. Ray lets him leave then crouches where Crow Horse was, be looking at tracks.
19) 35) text: Ray turns, and sees Crow Horse perched on a high bank -- one Ray came down -- and he's in a tracking stance.
19) 37) text: Ray just stands frozen, blown away. Crow Horse rises, dus off his hands, and heading to his vehicle.
19) 38) dialog: Crow Horse.
19) 39) text: The Indian turns. The wind moans. Ray scrutinizes him,  deliberating.
19) 40) dialog: Fuck you.
19) 45) dialog: Mrs... Blue Legs? Can I ask you a  few questions --
19) 47) dialog: Ma'am, Please --
19) 48) text: She mounts the metal steps. Ray is losing her. He gets a  foot on the bottom step, and attempts something he does n want to do.
19) 49) dialog: Mrs. Blue Legs. I'm Indian.
19) 51) dialog: I'm Sioux.
19) 52) text: Maisy lowers her bifocals, studies him. Then walks in, sl the door shut, and locks it. A towel hung as a shade fold down. Ray lingers at the bottom of the steps.
19) 53) dialog: Yeah, right.
19) 54) text: And he walks around the side of the trailer, looking at t ground. In the gaping space between the trailer blocks, a the grass, there is much junk stored, and Ray kneels to l He is drawn to a pair of cowboy boots, caked with dried m He picks up a boot, looks at the sole, then touches the m His fingers break through the hardened crust and come bac moist and blue. He looks at this sniffs it. There is a te water-torture like tempo coming from the old pump where w barely drips onto a hub cap in the dirt. Ray sets the boo down. Goes to grab the other boot and -- a WESTERN DIAMOND BACK RATTLER coils out from the shade o the boot, RATTLING and HISSING from white mouth and three inch fangs, and Ray has done a backflip and roll, slappin his shoulder holster and pulling lead and BLAM! BLAAAM! h unloads two, and the reptile is so dead, there's not even enough snake left to make a truck-stop key chain. He kneels there, flushed in the face, holding his breath double-clutching his gun. The SHOTS ECHO through the Badl like the aftermath of dynamite. From inside the trailer, can hear CRYING. A low moaning. Praying softly.
19) 55) dialog: Shit. Mrs. Blue Legs! It's okay!
19) 58) dialog: (yelling) Black Tail District, X22. You ready  for this? Leo wasn't killed in the  Badlands. I... I found the location.
19) 60) dialog: How'd you know?
19) 62) dialog: Go ahead.
19) 64) text: Ray looks relieved.
19) 66) dialog: Cooch. You're my hero.
19) 67) text: Ray looks down at the dead snake, still rushed from it, a he hurries out of there.
21) 1) dialog: Who is he?
21) 3) text: He hands an open file over to Ray. CLOSE ON - FILE PHOTO: a raging fire and six long-haired, fist-raising Indians, yelling at the camera.
21) 6) dialog: White eagle feather through the  circle. That's their symbol.
21) 8) text: Ray shuffles through more of the same with great interest
21) 9) dialog: They obviously wanted it to be known  that they offed Leo. Some kind of  statement.
21) 11) text: Cooch takes a long, tight breath then turns around in his seat, coming up with an M-16. Ray lifts one of his own. H looks out the car window.
21) 12) dialog: I'd just like five minutes alone  with the motherfucker who hung that  flag upside down.
21) 14) dialog: Alright. Alright.
21) 15) text: Cooch whacks a top clip into the M-16. Ray slams a clip i his.
21) 21) dialog: (whispering) What the hell is that?
21) 23) dialog: On the ground.
21) 24) text: The boy drops boot camp fast. Cooch moves up on the sweat lodge, looking quizzically at it, trying to figure out how to open it. He grabs a canva flap at the front and after a moment's hesitation and a l at Ray, he tears the flap away. A BLAST OF 200 DEGREE STEAM explodes forth and Cooch danc back, throwing up his rifle.
21) 28) text: Grandpa Reaches crawls out first, ignoring the "Hands on  your head" order from Cooch. His eyes move back and forth between the two agents. FIVE MORE INDIANS, from 16-45 come out, looking confused. Cooch makes the towel-wrapped men spread out in a line. T old man is speaking to the others in LAKOTA, and Ray step up to him, cuts him off.
21) 29) dialog: Hands on your head, Sir. Come on,  come on...
21) 30) text: The archaic figure just looks through him. Starts to walk away. Ray takes his thin arm. He locks eyes with the old  man. Slowly, he obeys, raising his hands and laying them his head. From the lodge, the last man emerges. It's Crazy Horse re out of the burning sage. JIMMY LOOKS TWICE is in his mid- thirties -- big, well over two-hundred pounds. But lean. braids fall nearly to his hips. His face is handsome but the moment, twisted in a full-blood's scowl.
21) 34) text: Looks Twice shoots hawk-like black eyes onto Ray.
21) 35) dialog: We're FBI, James. We just need to  ask you a few questions.
21) 38) text: Cooch takes a careful step behind Jimmy and cuffs him. Lo Twice speaks to the others in LAKOTA, and they disband,  heading to a shade arbor where their clothes hang. As Cooch starts marching Looks Twice toward the house, Ra keeps an eye on the departing. One of them stops halfway the fence and turns. Grandpa Reaches looks at Ray with ey that have seen one hundred and one hard years in Indian  Country.
21) 39) dialog: Go ahead. You can all go home.
21) 49) text: Ray steps up, gets ready to throw a frontkick at the door
21) 55) text: Something horrifying happens so fast, Cooch has no time t react. Whatever has taken his arm has done so with such force, h body jolts like he's touched raw voltage. The South Dakot BADGER rips through his leather jacket -- we get a glimps of its striped face and yellowed teeth -- through his shi Through flesh, and deeper, GROWLING insanely while COOCH  HOLLERS in shock tries to pull free and -- Jimmy Looks Twice spins from the porch with a skillfully  executed back kick, knocking Ray off the step and to the  ground. The Indian bolts like a deer into the darkness. Ray rolls in the grass, throwing his M-16 up. He hesitate But only for a moment before FIRING and decimating the co gutter, a junked car, several trees. But no sign of Jimmy Cooch falls back in the grass badly mauled. His arm has b ripped open down to the bone.
21) 57) text: Ray starts toward Cooch.
21) 59) text: Ray takes off, crashing through weeds, into a stream, wad through mud. He throws his flashlight left and right. He  crosses the river, shines the light in a field of wild sa Nothing. He runs like a sprinter, looking everywhere. But he enters an --
22) 3) dialog: Is that right? What are the trees  saying today?
22) 5) text: Ray soaks sweat off his forehead as he eyes the Indian on this one. He sees himself in the polaroid shades.
22) 7) dialog: Let's go.
22) 8) text: Ray quickly leaves the porch.
23) 0) text: Silent. The unnerving silence of the Great Plains filled  only by FLYS, big horseflies, buzzing around drying sage  that hangs from the rafters of a shade arbor. A GOAT stan under it, just gazing across -- the vast spread of grass and dry land where an ancient  Airstream trailer sits lop-sided. Sheets are hung as curt Six old cars -- two from the early 50'a -- sit stripped t the hubs on blocks in the overgrown grass. The air is dry and heavy and the only sound is -- FLYS. Ray swats at them as he steps over a truck seat tha lies in the grass, stuffing and springs hanging out. Crow Horse walk. a few steps ahead, toward the trailer.
23) 2) dialog: Medicine. As in medicine man?
23) 3) text: Crow Horse nods slowly, looking at Ray in a very serious  manner
23) 4) dialog: Why does he wanna see me?
23) 6) text: Crow Horse stops walking, making Ray do the same.
23) 8) text: Ray reaches into his shirt pocket and fishes out a pack o Marlboro. Crow Horse glances at it, and shrug-nods. They  continue on toward the trailer.
24) 0) text: Grandpa Samuel Reaches sits in a taped and tuckered easy  chair, his alert black eyes moving from side to side. We  recognize him from the sweat lodge ceremony at Looks Twic although today he wears a straw cowboy hat giving him a m youthful look despite a face like a map of the Badlands. He wears a vest over a western shirt, baggy work slacks, cowboy boots. His brown wrinkled hands run over the top of the Marlboro pack as if he's reading braille. Crow Horse sits across from him on a stool. Ray leans on of the plain green walls, looking uncomfortable. A three  foot adhesive fly strip hangs from the ceiling, thick wit dead ones. There is a black and white TV with Sesame Stre wailing, honking and guffawing through static. Grandpa fixes his eyes on Ray for only split seconds at a time but one gets the feeling he's doing an incredibly de reading of the young man. Slowly, he sits up -- focusing  intensely on Ray. He begins to speak. A hoarse, strained, string of LAKOTA, spoken like it used to be, gesturing toward Ray. When he  finishes, he sits back in his chair. Ray looks intrigued.
24) 1) dialog: What did he say?
24) 3) text: Ray looks puzzled. Crow Horse laughs bull-wild as Grandpa takes up a fly swatter and takes out a big horsefly. The man begins speaking Indian again.
24) 5) text: Crow Horse turns a questioning look at Ray. Ray doesn't  flinch.
24) 7) dialog: He knows me?
24) 11) text: Ray's brow is drawn tense as he stares at the old Indian, absorbing the translation. Grandpa speaks more fervently  now, incorporating Indian sign. Each time Grandpa does th hard Sioux HAND SLAP, Ray blinks.
24) 13) text: The old man has taken a long wooden stem and a red stone  bowl from a beaded pipe bag. He joins the two together th begins offering a pinch of tobacco to the Four Directions While this goes on, Ray fidgets.
24) 14) dialog: What's he smoke in that?
24) 16) text: The old man is offering the pipe to Ray.
24) 18) text: Ray looks at Grandpa. The old man offers the pipe again.
24) 20) text: Ray takes the pipe, looks at it... then passes it to Crow Horse. The big Indian takes it from Ray, giving him a lon eye, then offering the pipe to The Directions before smok Crow Horse puffs hard, eyes closed, then slowly releases  some smoke upward. Ray watches it climb and fade. The old man then takes up an old turtle shell rattle. He speaks.
24) 22) text: He shakes the rattle very slightly, moving it in front of Ray. He speaks just above a whisper.
24) 24) text: Ray smirks.
24) 25) dialog: Tell him I'm trying to find the man  who murdered Leo Fast Elk. Ask him  if he knows where he is.
24) 26) text: Crow Horse asks the old man in Lakota. No answer. The pip is back to grandpa, and he offers it to the Directions, t the Earth then upward before smoking himself. He begins t speak again. Passionately. In long glottal Sioux sentences, adding sig fingers crossing, brushing an arm, a slap here and there, He is working himself into an excited state, and Ray keep looking at Crow Horse, very interested in the old man's  answer. Finally Grandpa's breath comes up short and wheezing, he  ends his oratory with a solid hand slap.
24) 27) dialog: What did he say?
24) 29) dialog: He just did the Gettysburg Address  in Sioux. What did he say?
24) 30) text: Crow Horse ignores him. Grandpa speaks again. More hand  language. The old man is staring at Ray while whispering to Crow Ho He strokes his badger claw necklace. Crow Horse looks at Ray and seems hesitant to translate t new piece of information.
24) 32) text: Grandpa smiles toothlessly. Ray who has his driving glass in hand, lifts them to say "these?" but Grandpa sees it a an accepted deal, and swiftly removes his necklace. He ho it out. Ray slowly, hesitantly surrenders his sunglasses, and tak the necklace. Crow Horse bursts into laughter and so does Grandpa, enjoying a good trade. He draws a hand through t air in a sort of horizontal karate chop, meaning done dea Ray looks confused. Out of his element. And out of his sh Another fly gets snagged on sticky tape.
25) 0) text: Crow Horse is hurrying toward his bike, Ray with him.
25) 1) dialog: What was he saying?
25) 3) dialog: Because he was talking to me.
25) 5) dialog: Does he know something?
25) 6) text: Crow Horse stops walking and eyes Ray, deliberating.
25) 8) dialog: And...
25) 10) text: A silent moment. Ray tries to figure out what he's missin here.
25) 11) dialog: So what?
25) 13) text: Ray stares vacantly.
25) 14) dialog: The owl told him about Leo. That's  incredible. I guess we just broke  the back of this investigation, didn't  we? Evidence doesn't get any harder  than that -- not for my money. Is  there anyway we can seduce this owl  into Federal Court?
25) 16) dialog: Listen to the water. Listen to the  owl. He also said, don't trust the  fucking Cookie Monster.
25) 18) text: Crow Horse KICK STARTS his bike and burns off down the dr Ray feels the presence of the old man, standing behind th busted screen door. Just watching.
25) 39) text: As Ray watches her, someone approaches in a less hostile  manner. It is President Clear Moon, looking very upset. H holds the hand of a LITTLE GIRL, dressed in traditional  dancing garb. He approaches Ray.
25) 40) dialog: Mr. Clear Moon.
25) 42) text: Clear Moon gestures for the little girl to run off. He le in close to Ray.
25) 44) dialog: They can lead us to Jimmy. Just let  them go. We're tightening the net on  him. We know he's on the reservation.
25) 45) text: Clear Moon is looking past Ray at the Warriors. They are  approaching the agents, and Clear Moon looks at Ray with  great concern.
25) 51) text: Even the agents crack grins at this bit of Indian wit. Al but Ray who just stands there, arms folded across his che considering the crippled activist.
25) 53) text: Yellow Bird sits there, staring up at him through thick  glasses But then Maggie Eagle Bear takes the handles of Y Bird's wheel chair. She looks at Ray with eyes that are c cherry black, eyes that look right through him. He return the glare. And then she pushes Yellowbird forward and lea the feds alone. Ray turns to Cooch who is lighting a cigarette, and  concentrating on the movements of this group as they wand under the arbor, visiting people. LAKOTA SINGERS start up
26) 0) text: In the dim light, a boot. A black cowboy boot. Up on the  dash. Bluejeans. T-shirt. Second hand leather. And a blac cowboy hat. Ray is staking out Jimmy's house. Across the passenger seat and console is an M-16 rifle. O his belt, a .357 Red Hawk. He yawns. From outside, he hea a sound. POV: down below the van, a small, patchy RES DOG with a  missing leg is looking up at him with his tongue long and salivating. RAY breaks off a piece of sandwich and drops it down to h just as -- HEADLIGHTS catch his face. He slides down low, watching an old pick-up truck creak onto the dirt road,  leading to Jimmy's. POV: the truck parks. Someone jumps out, gracefully. Indi Long braid. Quick steps. Front door. Inside. RAY lifts his radio.
26) 1) dialog: X22. Read.
26) 3) dialog: I have a pick-up truck. No plates.  Subject -- Indian -- entering  suspect's house. Over.
26) 5) text: Ray sets his radio down, unclips the leather guard on his handgun. Picks up the Big Mac.
27) 0) text: The front door creaks open, and the subject dashes back o In the dark we cannot latch onto features. Suddenly the junker van comes alive, guns onto the dirt r racing toward the running Indian who gets the door of the truck open but freezes in the van's highbeams as -- Ray leaps out, M-16 in hand.
27) 1) dialog: FBI, freeze, Motherfucker -- drop  it, drop it!
27) 2) text: Ray maneuvers in Quantico fashion, keeping the rifle on t Indian's back. The Indian drops what he's holding. And tu around. It's not a he. We've seen her before. At the Poww Maggie Eagle Bear. Her hair is pulled back tight, braided Ray moves in toward her, surprised at first, but still  cautious
27) 3) dialog: Turn around, put your hands on the  roof of the truck.
27) 4) text: She does what he tells her. As Ray moves in on her, he no an INDIAN CHILD sitting in the passenger seat, looking ou into the highbeams, frightened. Ray toes Maggie's legs out wider, frisks her one-handed,  pats down her boots.
27) 6) dialog: That's right. Turn around.
27) 7) text: Maggie turns around, looks Ray in the eye. He looks self- conscious in the cowboy hat.
27) 9) text: Ray is looking down at what she dropped. A bundle lying i the grass. He bends down, starts to untie it.
27) 12) dialog: This Jimmy's?
27) 14) dialog: Is that like an hereditary thing,  Magdelana, or can one take classes?
27) 16) dialog: He tried to kill him twice before.  That's a good place to start don't  ya think? Leo was on the other side,  wasn't he?
27) 18) dialog: Who did?
27) 20) dialog: A Fugitive Alert for a murder suspect.  Before somebody else gets a shotgun  blast in the spine.
27) 22) text: Ray doesn't have a clue as to what this radical bullshit about.
27) 23) dialog: Look. You and I can stand here in a  culture clash til the sun comes up,  talking about what's right and what's  wrong. You're from the reservation.  It's a different world.
27) 25) text: If this information doesn't throw Ray, the use of his fir name does.
27) 27) text: Ray is holding the medicine bundle. He deliberates, then  hands it over. She takes it with careful hands, casting a somewhat surprised look up at him.
27) 29) dialog: When you see Jimmy, tell him the  sooner he turns himself back into a  human being and gives himself in...  the sooner we back off this  reservation. Okay?
27) 32) dialog: Move it, Magdelana.
27) 35) text: Ray turns, nodding. An FBI van pulls in from the other  direction and FOUR AGENTS empty out, wearing FBI windbrea and heavily-armed.
27) 37) dialog: It was just Eagle Bear. I questioned  and released her.
27) 39) dialog: She talks a lot of shit. We're not  doing our job. Jimmy's innocent.  "What's the FBI really doing here."  Some shit about the Fort Laramie  Treaty.
27) 41) dialog: She took something from the house.  What she called a medicine bundle.  Most likely Jimmy's.
27) 43) dialog: I gave it back to her.
27) 45) dialog: If it is Jimmy's, she's taking it to  him. We'll have a runner. But I  borrowed a little mojo...
27) 46) text: Ray reaches inside his pant leg, down around his boot and carefully removes a white eagle feather. He gingerly tuck it in a plastic bag.
27) 52) dialog: Why we setting Eagle Bear up as an  informant?
27) 54) text: Ray nods, impressed. Cooch bends down near the road, touches the dirt.
27) 56) dialog: Cooch. What's the Fort Laramie Treaty?
27) 58) text: Cooch wipes the oil on a handkerchief as he rises, smilin playfully at Ray. He starts back toward his car. Some sor of bird is COOING in the night.
27) 60) text: Ray looks up at the upside down flag. Then watches Cooch  walking way.
27) 61) dialog: Cooch. (a quiet, tired laugh) Where the fuck did they send us?
27) 63) text: Cooch, standing there with his glasses on and his right a bandaged, looks tired, too. He gets in his car. In the yard, Ray starts for the van, the res dog, trying follow. He chases it away. And then as he gets closer to van, he looks up to investigate the COOING SOUND.
29) 0) text: Ray, still in his field clothes sits, training binoculars the distant house. He opens a carton of milk, drinks some Then hears a whimpering. In the passenger seat sits the t legged res dog. Ray has taken him with him. He drinks som milk, then opens the carton up fully and sticks it out so the dog can lap it up. Ray laughs in disbelief, shaking h head.
29) 1) dialog: For all I know, you're Jimmy. And  you're just waiting for a shot at my  jugular. Drink, Jimmy. Milk is good  for you --
29) 2) text: The dog is lapping the milk, desperately. And then a ROAR A motorcycle. IN THE SIDE MIRROR: Crow Horse, racing up on the left of van. Ray pulls his hat down low, and sits back. The motor passes on the left, slowing enough so that Crow Horse can flip Ray the middle finger. Then he races on, far down th road. Ray sits there, shaking his head. He'll let it go. Bullsh He starts the car.
30) 0) text: Crow Horse guns in, sliding in dirt up to the run-down, l budget shooting range -- six plastic milk jugs on sticks, jammed in the mud. A moment later, the van hammers in. Parks. Ray gets out.  He's removed his hat so as not to invite any crap from Cr Horse.
30) 2) dialog: I see. Forgive my cultural ignorance.
30) 3) text: Ray executes a hard, slapping, "up your ass" gesture.
30) 4) dialog: Have a nice day.
30) 7) dialog: She's your sister?
30) 9) dialog: Gotchya. We just nailed a genetic  match between the eagle feather left  at the murder site and one in Jimmy's  medicine bundle. It came from a white  eagle. Same bird.
30) 12) dialog: (ala Crow Horse) -- Leo Fast Elk was sitting in the  outhouse at Maisy Blue Legs when a  car pulled into the yard. He came  out, approached the vehicle then saw  that the man behind the wheel was  Jimmy. He tried to get back into the  trailer, but the car came highballing  at him. He started running for the  open grass. With the car moving,  Jimmy hung his shotgun out the window,  took aim -- missed once, hitting the  shitter -- fired again, and severed  Leo's spine. Leo fell, rolled, and  came to a stop in the grass. And  some chicken feed. Stale chicken  feed with four days mold. (a beat) Electromagnetic printing.
30) 15) dialog: I don't see the connection.
30) 17) text: Ray absorbs this with great interest.
30) 18) dialog: That's not solid.
30) 20) text: Ray lets a pent-up sigh escape.
30) 21) dialog: You're saying a white guy did it...
30) 24) text: The two of them stand there, thinking this over. Ray take out his notebook and starts writing. Crow Horse walks awa turns to face the propped up targets.
30) 26) text: To punctuate, Crow Horse slaps leather, draws his .38, an begins blasting at the milk bottles. He hits the bank. A  tree. One of the posts. But not a single target. When he is done, he looks over his gun, disappointed. Sta reloading. Ray starts laughing, looking at the missed tar
30) 28) text: Ray looks at Crow Horse, sees that he's serious, and foll him toward his motorcycle.
30) 29) dialog: Alright, Crow Horse. I'm listening.  I'm listening to the trees, to the  stones. Who is it?
30) 30) text: Crow Horse turns toward Ray, and creates a long dramatic  pause.
30) 34) text: Crow Horse winks at Ray as he slams the kickstart. To no  avail.
30) 35) dialog: The old man? He's gonna tell you who  killed Leo?
30) 37) dialog: Hey. Hey, those are my sunglasses  you're wearing.
30) 39) text: And Crow Horse nails his kick start. The BIKE ROARS alive and the Indian works the throttle hard, leaving gravel an black exhaust. Ray stands there, drifting between logic a instinct. He looks at his watch, then starts at a slow,  thoughtful shuffle toward his car.
31) 0) text: The dust-buzzard broncs and bounces down Grandpa's drivew coming to a stop near the wrecked cars. Crow Horse dismou and unhooks a carton of smokes from the back. A moment later, the junker van pulls in, bouncing and sha Crow Horse stares at the approaching vehicle, his eyes hi behind Ray's former shades. He cracks a slow smile becaus Ray is stepping quickly from the van, and carrying two pa of Marlboros.
32) 0) text: Grandpa sits in his chair, his black eyes moving smoothly from side to side. Smoke enshrouds his ancient face, givi the sense of another time and place. He speaks LAKOTA. Crow Horse, sitting on a stool across from him, holds The Pipe. He passes it to Ray who sits in a busted lawn chair next to him. The room is dark as the sun sets out the win in red and purple. Ray looks at the pipe. Grandpa will no speak until Ray smokes. And so he does, drawing on the st awkwardly. HEARTBEAT DRUM as Grandpa speaks Indian.
32) 2) text: Ray looks at Crow Horse, searching for a hint of lightnes But there is only great reverence as he watches Ray blow  smoke upward.
32) 4) text: Ray smirks as he passes the pipe to Grandpa. Crow Horse l nervous. Grandpa offers the pipe to the directions and th disengages the bowl from the stem. He speaks again. Crow  Horse translates.
32) 8) text: Ray looks at Crow Horse, nervous.
32) 9) dialog: I can't do that, (explaining) It's a Rolex.
32) 12) dialog: I'm sorry, this is -- (loud to Grandpa) -- this is very, very expensive.  It's -- (to Crow Horse) Tell him this is an expensive watch.
32) 15) text: Ray buries his hands in his jacket pocket. No way. Crow H signs to Grandpa "no." Grandpa gets up, crosses between t two young men, up to the TV set. He turns it on.
33) 0) text: Crow Horse and Ray walk down the steps. WHEEL OF FORTUNE heard from within.
33) 2) dialog: Don't tell me: heavy duty.
33) 4) text: They step into the yard and Ray stops, turning to Crow Ho
33) 5) dialog: Walter. When I fill out my 302, do I  say that evil spirits are killing  everybody on the reservation?
33) 7) dialog: -- no. No offense to the old man. I  appreciate you trying to help. But I  put my ass on the line coming out  here, man.
33) 9) dialog: Not Native American myths and legends.  I'm with the FBI, Walter, remember?  Not National Geographic.
33) 11) dialog: It's not real.
33) 13) dialog: I can't be dicking around here. That's  all I'm saying. I don't carry  crystals, I don't wanna come back in  another life. I just wanna do my  job, and do it right, and get the  fuck outta here.
33) 15) text: Crow Horse drives "Indian" home with a hard finger in Ray chest. Ray knocks his hand away, explosively. Crow Horse ready.
33) 17) text: The old man is standing at the top of the steps. Ray and  Crow Horse are YELLING OVER EACH OTHER, and hands are up.
33) 19) text: Ray stands there, one hand up in defense, another poised throw a punch. Bewildered, he stares at the old Indian ho onto the porch railing.
33) 21) dialog: He speaks English.
33) 24) text: And Grandpa goes back in, screendoor slapping shut behind him. Ray is just staring, his jaw dropped. Crow Horse sta laughing. Harder than he has yet, and Ray starts walking  toward his car in fuck-this steps. He gets into the car, closes the door and looks out the o window at Crow Horse. The Indian moves first.
33) 26) text: Ray lifts his arm off the door, and springs his middle fi up at Crow Horse. He holds it there for a long moment jus looking at the big Indian.
33) 27) dialog: Take care of yourself, Walter.
33) 29) text: Ray checks the time on his watch then guns away. Crow Hor stands there, watching him go. Eventually he shuffles bac toward the trailer.
34) 6) dialog: Well we better use those twelve hours  to apprehend the right man.
34) 7) text: The agents all look at Ray. A pin can be heard falling to the cheap carpet.
34) 9) dialog: Whoever dusted Leo, dusted him from  the driver's seat of a moving car  then drove those eight miles to the  Badlands. Jimmy Looks Twice has never  been behind the wheel of a car. It's  a known fact out here that he's  petrified of driving. His parents  were killed in a car wreck.
34) 12) dialog: There was also a print found in the  Badlands that indicated diagetic  locomotion. Heels first. Jimmy's  walking pattern doesn't match. He  has a distinct Indian walk.
34) 14) text: LAUGHTER. Except for Cooch who just stares at Ray, digest what he has said.
34) 15) dialog: They don't smoke hooch in The Pipe,  Miles. They smoke something called  kinickinick, it's like a tobacco.
34) 22) text: Cooch nods to Ray and Ray follows, gathering up some pape He looks determined as a terrier.
35) 0) text: Ray and Cooch throw long, slim shadows on their way to an archaic Coke machine.
35) 2) dialog: When did we get that?
35) 4) dialog: -- I know. I fed it, and I can't get  rid of --
35) 6) dialog: I'm not trying to pull against you,  Cooch. I've just been having  nightmares about the way Leo was  killed.
35) 8) dialog: I just wanna make sure no one else  gets done in that way because we  were in bed with the wrong doer.
35) 10) text: Ray studies him with a smile building. Cooch shrugs, sips some soda.
35) 11) dialog: Alright. Alright...
35) 13) text: Ray nods, starting for the van.
35) 17) dialog: Thanks, Cooch.
35) 19) text: Ray gets in and pulls the dog out. The dog sits at roadsi tilting its head at him, confused. And he pulls out. It r after him.
36) 0) text: The van sits parked down the road from Maggie's dimly-lit home. Ray sits behind the wheel, watching the house. LOCU make a steady and unnerving sound. It is black. Black und big sky. Ray lets his head sag out the open window and he takes in the vastness. POV: stars. Millions of stars. And an incredible full moo It hangs huge over distant fields, a perfect sphere. The half of the moon is yellow, the bottom half a lava red.
36) 4) dialog: (whispering) Motherfucker.
37) 0) text: Cooch, flushed in the face, mans the wheel. He wears only T-shirt which indicates, a desperate rush to the scene. H eyes scan the surrounding homes and fields. In the passenger seat, Ray sits, drinking a coffee. He lo haggard.
37) 2) dialog: All I could think of was... not here.  I don't wanna eat it on an Indian  Reservation, three thousand miles  from home.
37) 4) text: Ray turns around in his seat, looking off across dry land
37) 5) dialog: It may have been Maggie's way of  saying "get off my ass."
37) 7) dialog: Eagle's claws and a bear's balls  that's what her profile says.
37) 9) dialog: -- Cooch. Woh. Stop.
37) 10) text: He does. Ray is turned around in his seat, staring off in the distance.
38) 0) text: The Le Baron whines backward, and off the road, into some grass Ray steps out, keeping his gaze fixed. Cooch bails  from the driver's side, joins him. HEARTBEAT DRUM. RAY'S POV: Four-hundred feet across a flat area of sandst and grass clusters, something shimmers in the undulations the harsh morning sun. Something of pea green and rusty  metal... glass catches sunlight and makes prisms. A car. old res car, sitting in a long, chasm in barely a foot of green water.
39) 0) text: Ray and Cooch go through the car, around the car, with gl hands and grease pencils and plastic bags, sweating in th hot sun.
39) 2) dialog: Yes.
39) 3) text: Excited, Ray walks off, scanning the area.
39) 5) text: Ray picks up a handful of stones, sifts them in his hands
39) 6) dialog: Because this isn't a dry wash.
39) 8) dialog: It's the Little Walking River.
39) 9) text: Ray turns, shucking up mud.
39) 10) dialog: And it was full of water when I drove  by here three days ago. Full. I  mean... a river.
39) 12) text: Ray doesn't hear Cooch. He stares past the SAC at the lon wide chasm, wet in some places, arid in others, and what hears must be an echo in his head.
39) 13) dialog: Listen to the water...
39) 14) text: Cooch is listening to a TRANSMISSION across his radio and walks off a few feet, exchanging information with the  REGIONALS. Ray stands, ankle deep in stagnant water, his face sweat- soaked, his eyes transfixed on heat undulations.
40) 0) text: A flat-bed tow truck drives past the motel with the kille car on it. Behind the truck is a fed car which stops at t motel, and the Le Baron which also pulls in. Miles and Sh get out from the first car, Ray and Cooch bail from the L Baron. With RADIOS TRANSMITTING, the agents walk, dusty and tire into room 14. Ray hesitates, snagged by the sight of -- A motorcycle parked in front of the Buffalo Butte Bar. Pa with pick-up trucks and station wagons. It's the mud-cake old Barley. Parked right under the NO INDIANS sign. He puzzles over this.
41) 0) text: Dark. Even during the day. Cigarette smoke. Sawdust. On t archaic juke box, RANDY TRAVIS sings "Old 8x10" while beh the bar, the BAR OWNER, an old man with long white hair a beard, busies himself with leather work. SEVERAL WHITE LO sit on the old water drum bar stools. Heads lift, turn when Ray enters in his "fraternizing" cl jeans and boots, leather jacket. He scuffs up thick sawdu as he heads to the furthest booth back where -- Crow Horse sits, alone over a bourbon and a beer. Ray  approaches carefully, upset by the sight. He slides into booth and point blanks the Indian.
41) 2) dialog: Jesus Christ. You're hammered. What  are you doing?
41) 4) dialog: Cut the shit. You shouldn't be in  here, Man.
41) 6) dialog: Cuz you're a cop.
41) 8) dialog: What are you talking about?
41) 10) dialog: And I don't give a goddamn about  whether you wear a badge or not,  Crow Horse, but I didn't cut you.
41) 11) text: Crow Horse shimmers his black eyes onto Ray.
41) 13) dialog: They found prints at Blue Legs' place.
41) 15) text: Ray just looks vacantly at Crow Horse. Crow Horse resents the vacancy.
41) 17) text: Ray glares at him.
41) 18) dialog: Next time I'll be ready. You get the  word to who ever it is.
41) 20) text: Ray doesn't blink.
41) 22) dialog: No. I was sent here cuz I'm Indian.  And a good cop.
41) 23) text: Crow Horse leans toward Ray and speaks more quietly.
41) 25) text: Ray is fuming. He can't believe what he's hearing, what's being insinuated, but he's giving it thought and it's get him angry. He smashes a hand down on the table.
41) 26) dialog: I'm sick of your shit --
41) 28) text: Standing over the booth is a long, tall RANCHER'S SON. Ra with red curly hair tucked under a BLACK HILLS CLASSIC ca and arms built by tractor work. And behind him, TWO OLDER RANCHERS fall in. And ANOTHER YOUNG MAN, grinning with  amusement. Ray and Crow Horse look up.
41) 31) dialog: Woh, hold on there, Jack, you're --
41) 33) text: Ray realizes now that they think he's Indian, too. Crow H sees this revelation and complicates it by suddenly speak LAKOTA to Ray. The rancher grabs Ray by the cheeks.
41) 35) text: Ray decks him. Backhands him in the solar plexus then, la a burner of a Quantico roundhouse to his ear, knocking hi across the bar, over a mop and bucket and into sawdust. The others start to fall at him but someone has jumped in holding them back, and sticking himself in the way. It is Brooks. The old timer Ray met his first night here.
41) 38) text: The rancher's son who is coming back with a broken beer  bottle, slows his step and shifts his eyes from Brooks to the young fed There is a lot of heavy breathing. But no  talking just yet. The young rancher eyes Ray.
41) 40) text: Ray just stands tense, staring at him. And it's strange.  Because he hasn't really looked like he has any Indian bl up to this moment. But dressed the way he is, and his eye glaring, face drawing tense, he might pass for a breed  although that's probably the Italian. But Ray doesn't ans the question. Crow Horse starts laughing. Drunkenly.
41) 44) text: Crow Horse rises and walks unsteadily across the floor,  leaving the bar. Brooks is whispering to the others,  apparently about who Ray is. The bar man comes up to Ray, holding a tray, on which sits a shot and a beer. Ray look at it for a moment.
41) 46) text: Ray knocks the tray out of his hand, spilling beer and wh all over the bar man and the locals around him. And he walks out, leaving the locals confused.
42) 0) text: Ray looks strung-out as he drives. If it's not the confli at the Butte, it's the dangerous seed Crow Horse planted, and it is playing with his mind. He is on his RADIO.
42) 1) dialog: No plates. No registration. Serial  numbers removed. And all prints washed  off by the river. That's great. This  is turning out to be a walk in the  park, do you know that?
42) 3) dialog: Never mind.
42) 6) dialog: I read, Cooch.
42) 8) dialog: Good.
42) 10) text: Ray seethes quietly as he drives.
42) 12) text: Ray keeps driving.
43) 0) text: Maggie's old pick-up is parked near an arch gate of the t cemetery where a tall monument is fenced off from other g There are tobacco offerings and other medicines hanging o the fence and on the monument. It is a quiet place. Still. Maggie stands before the unkempt monument in her denim ja her hair blowing across her face in the wind. She PRAYS I LAKOTA. Behind her TEN CHILDREN from the Bear Creek School stand, heads bowed respectfully. Two of them sit on the lap of  Richard Yellow Bird who looks on from his wheelchair, pra quietly with Maggie. When Maggie completes her prayer, sh ties some tobacco to the monument then turns and faces th children. One of them, a LITTLE GIRL -- heavy-set -- rais a hand that we might note is deformed. As many of the chi we have seen on the res, are.
43) 8) text: The CHILDREN LAUGH. All but one boy, who isn't paying  attention. He is staring up at a hill, off in the distanc MAGGIE'S POV: on the hill, a figure stands, hands in his  pockets, hair blowing in the wind. Ray.
43) 14) dialog: No, Maggie. But you're gonna have to  join me for a ride. I'm taking you  to Rapid City.
43) 17) text: As if exhausted by the thought, Maggie sits down on the b looking out at the children who are still singing the son As she speaks, she begins digging her fingers in the eart Ray stands over her.
43) 18) dialog: You burned an American flag today.  And left it for me...
43) 20) dialog: I desecrated it?
43) 26) text: Ray just stares at her, struggling with what he's feeling what he's hearing. What he's supposed to be feeling. Sile hangs between the two of them.
43) 27) dialog: If I told you... that I think Jimmy's  innocent... but I'm in over my head...  would you believe me?
43) 30) text: While she looks off at Paha Sapa, Ray stares at her profi
43) 32) text: She looks at Ray with an ironic smile, and she catches hi transfixed.
43) 34) dialog: NO. (after thought) My father never told anybody he had  Indian blood. But he still used a  few Indian words around the house.  He called me Washee. Said it meant...  good boy.
43) 36) dialog: What?
43) 38) dialog: Great.
43) 39) text: Maggie is laughing as she looks back at the children who no longer singing. Ray reaches inside his jacket and take out five polaroids. He shuffles them as he ponders. He ha one to Maggie who has caught herself opening up too much the Wasi'cu.
43) 40) dialog: You ever see that car before?
43) 41) text: Maggie looks at the first photo and says nothing. She han it back quickly. Ray won't take it.
43) 42) dialog: Who's it belong to?
43) 43) text: Maggie ignores him. Ray studies her reaction.
43) 44) dialog: Help me, Maggie...
43) 45) text: Maggie is looking away. She picks a long blade of grass a smoothes it in her hands. Ray looks at her a moment longer then rises, dusting off jeans, and standing there. He thinks for a long moment,  pinches the bridge of his nose, then looks out at the Bla Hills, pensive.
43) 46) dialog: I didn't see you today, Maggie. (a beat) Goodbye.
43) 49) text: Ray stops. She stands on the bluff, her hair riding the w and her eyes searing. And then her lips do something that might qualify as half a smile. A sense of humor rising up through anger. Survival humor. Ray looks at her for a long moment. And then he walks on, leaving her there.
44) 0) text: Ray sits behind the wheel, going through files on his lap photographs of Indians. And thinking hard.
44) 1) dialog: Anyone who fought or spoke out against  it... wound up dead or in jail.
44) 2) text: Ray looks out the window toward the monument.
44) 3) dialog: (to himself, flustered) That was 1868, Maggie...
44) 4) text: Exhausted, Ray lays his head back on the seat, and lets a long, constricted breath free. THUNDER ROLLS like the slo deep roar of some giant bear up in the hills. He opens hi eyes, looks out the window. POV: rain is coming down, and Maggie is getting the child into the back of her truck. She helps them get a tarp ove their heads. Then as Yellow Bird pulls himself into the c of the truck, she hefts the wheelchair and two boys load in. She gets in, starts up, and rolls off down the sloping ro
45) 0) text: Ray steps out of the car into the rain and closes the doo He stares at the burial grounds. Then slowly, he starts t them as if magnetically drawn. HEARTBEAT DRUM. A shroud of mist lays over the cemetery, growing thicker the rain falls harder. DRUM BEATS DEEPER. Ray is walking  toward the memorial, getting drenched. Then he hears some strange. HOOFBEATS.
46) 0) text: Ray jumps awake. Cooch is POUNDING on the window. And the three-legged dog inside is BARKING. Ray quickly rolls the window down, letting in THUNDER. Cooch starts to say something then takes note of Ray's pe face. Sweat runs down his temples, beads at his nose.
46) 2) dialog: Yeah. I... I fell asleep. I can't  believe it. I --
46) 4) dialog: Sorry, Cooch. I lost Eagle Bear --
46) 6) text: And Cooch runs to his car. Ray fires the car's big engine and takes off behind Cooch who is driving a fed Chevy. CR
47) 0) text: The rain pelts Grandpa's little Airstream trailer, wind s at sheet plastic in the windows. An ancient sewing wheel  CREAKS RUSTY in the wind. Three clean, late-model fed cars pull down the muddy driv as two SWAT vehicles pull in from another road. The Le Ba pulls in, and Ray bails out with the others. When he sees where he is, he looks distraught. Agents are running behind junked cars, positioning themse around the trailer.
48) 0) text: The holy man is sitting in his chair, smacking Flies with swatter. Tonight he wears a black reservation hat and sta vacantly at the TV where RONALD MACDONALD swings a giant  baseball bat, and falls on his face, bouncing back up. An then BOOM! The door is open and Cooch leads Miles, Sherman and Ray  inside. Cooch has a gun on the old man.
48) 2) text: The old man slowly removes his hat and hangs it on a knee Carefully he places his wrinkled hands on his thinning wh hair. His eyes seek out Ray who stands in the doorway, M- in hand, looking concerned. He stares at Ray. Cooch storms into a back bedroom, Miles moves to a window Sherman stands over the old man.
48) 4) text: Grandpa looks at Sherman, ignores him, looks back at Ray.
48) 8) text: Ray starts to follow but he sees Sherman pick something u from near Grandpa. The 500 year-old turtleshell rattle.  Grandpa's eyes widen slightly.
48) 10) dialog: Hey, put that down.
48) 12) dialog: Sherman!
48) 13) text: Sherman drops the turtleshell rattle on the linoleum floo Then drives his heel into it, CRUSHING the fragile  turtleshell. Ray grabs him and slams him into the tin wall. Miles gets between them, grabbing Sherman.
49) 0) text: In a blizzard of rain, Jimmy Looks Twice in a cowboy shir jeans and boots, leaps off the top of the Airstream, clut his medicine bundle. FLOODLIGHTS HIT him from all directi BULLHORNS screaming at him. He tries to turn a corner and runs right into a fed. Ray, having run out the back door has slammed right into him. has his rifle on him, and they stare each other down for split second before he is converged on. Guns at his back, his head. He is swept off his feet, face down, and frisked. He look up at Ray, desperately.
49) 4) text: With two FIVE MAN SWAT TEAMS swarming the area, and six a pushing Jimmy toward a car, Cooch stands there in the pou rain, looking relieved. Ray stands near him, looking abho
49) 6) text: Ray watches Jimmy as he is shoved into the back of Miles Sherman's car and driven away. He is twisting around in h seat to look at Ray. Desperately. The SWAT teams disband, return to their vehicles.
49) 8) text: Cooch heads to his car and Ray starts shuffling toward hi as if he is dared by it all. He is looking at the trailer and there on the rickety porch is Grandpa. He comes down steps slowly, holding his hat on against the wind. He wat the cars pulling out. Ray walks over to him, looking sick.
49) 9) dialog: Look... I'm not who you think I am. (a long beat) I'm sorry.
49) 12) text: Ray turns.
49) 14) text: Ray frowns, disturbed by this story. The old man is speaking with conviction. With power.
49) 16) text: Ray stands, almost paralyzed, digesting this. He turns an looks into the old man's sharp eyes. Grandpa has closed h eyes, and as he is pulverized by the rain, he turns his f toward it and from way down in his belly, he begins to SI IN LAKOTA. And it is too much. Too weird. He wheels and  hurries to the car. Gets in, and beats a fast path out of the old man's lonesome patch of land. BLUE HEAT LIGHTNING knifes the sky. THUNDER ROLLS, and ru into POOL BALLS --
50) 0) text: The agents have taken over both sides of the streets, gat in front of the bar and the motel, putting firearms into  cases, removing flak jackets. POOL BALLS knock from inside the bar while outside, A DAK takes a piss near a truck while his GIRLFRIEND stands at back, yelling at him. CHARLIE DANIELS sings country on th juke Ray heads to room 13, starts unlocking the door. Coo comes up behind him.
50) 2) text: Cooch throws a mock punch at Ray and he mock blocks, tire He musters a smile. But he isn't all there.
50) 4) text: Ray nods. Cooch lets a few agents walk past, LAUGHING. He speaks quietly.
50) 6) dialog: Why?
50) 8) text: Ray tries to break a smile again. Cooch cups his arm.
50) 9) dialog: Cooch. They sent us out here because  the place was being neglected. Now,  all of a sudden, there's two five  man SWAT teams out there tonight.  Bell Huey choppers flying all over  the place. Federal occupation to  catch one guy. Why, Cooch? What's  going on?
50) 10) text: Cooch stares at Ray. The younger agent looks like he inde has a fever.
50) 12) text: Cooch hurries across the rain-swept street. Ray steps ins and closes the door.
51) 0) text: Ray closes the door, and stands there. He seems to be hav trouble breathing. He looks down at his boots. There is  something on the floor. Something that has been slipped u the door earlier. He just stares down at it. Then slowly  stoops. CLOSE ON: the polaroid of the res car he gave to Maggie  earlier. She has returned it. He turns it over. Written across the whi backing of the photo, in dark black marker is the name -- YELLOW BIRD. Ray stares at this for a moment then hurries over to boxe of files on the bed. He rummages like a nervous thief and comes up with a folder. He flips through it, casting off  files and 302's and profiles and finally stopping on -- The 8x10 BLACK AND WHITE of Richard Yellow Bird seen earl Sitting in his wheelchair, Red Power cap on, tattoos marr big arms. And under it a DOUBLE MUG SHOT stamped LEAVENWO PRISON. Under that ANOTHER PRISON MUG SHOT stamped SIOUX  FALLS PRISON. And under that a -- THIRD MUG SHOT stamped "PAROLED." Ray, his eyes fixed on this one, takes a few steps and si on the end of the bed. He then stuffs the file back in a  box, and takes off toward the door.
53) 0) text: A tarpaper shack. Outhouse. Clothesline on which jerked m hangs. No cars. A lonely, unnerving place. Le Baron pulls in. Ray gets out, adjusting the gun at the back of his  waistband. He starts for the shack. Ray raps a fist on th splintered plywood door. Knocks again. He checks out a bo up window. The door finally opens. Just a crack. Tiny bla eyes peer out into the fading light.
53) 1) dialog: I'm looking for Richard Yellow Bird.
53) 2) text: Ray sticks his open badge, gold eagle wings, near the cra The door closes. Then unlatches and opens. Yellow Bird si there in his wheelchair, tiny tobacco bundles in his lap. He's been tying them.
53) 4) text: He pivots his chair to allow Ray room to enter.
54) 0) text: Yellow Bird, in a T-shirt that reveals twenty different i tattoos, rolls himself across the warped floorboards to a cheese crate where his eye glasses sit. He puts the thick bifocals on and focuses resentfully on Ray in the ochre  flicker of the dirty room.
54) 2) dialog: Must be a bitch getting around in  that wheelchair. How long you been  in it?
54) 4) dialog: At Sioux Falls Pen?
54) 6) dialog: Leavenworth a tough joint?
54) 7) text: Ray walks across the room, his eyes on a covert mission.
54) 9) dialog: No. Can't say that I have, Richard.  Richard do you know why I'm here?
54) 11) dialog: Yes, Washington sent me, Richard.  They sent me here because this whole  thing has been fucked. Do you know  what I mean when I say this whole  thing has been fucked, Richard?
54) 12) text: Yellow Bird stares at Ray.
54) 13) dialog: An arrangement was made between you...  and us. Do you remember that  arrangement?
54) 14) text: Yellow Bird looks at Ray, strangely, shaking his head. Ra starts to look like maybe the game's not working. Like ma this doesn't add up. But --
54) 16) text: Ray lets a tense breath out.
54) 17) dialog: Not for long, Richard. You got early  parole under the stipulation that  you would help us in a situation,  and you didn't deliver.
54) 19) text: Ray sits in a busted chair, reaches down to his ankle hol and pulls out a .38. He holds it, resting it on the arm o the chair. He strains to look out through the boarded win Yellow Bird fidgets in his chair.
54) 20) dialog: Get up out of the chair, Richard.
54) 22) dialog: Get up out of the chair, and walk  toward the backdoor, Richard.
54) 24) dialog: Get up!
54) 27) dialog: They sent me here, Richard because  they said you didn't hold up your  end of the arrangement, and I have  to transport you back to Leavenworth.
54) 29) dialog: Leo Fast Elk... is alive.
54) 32) dialog: How the hell do you know?
54) 34) text: Ray is trying hard not to reveal his horror at this  confession, at this understanding of the machinery. He si there with his gun, blinking away sweat that beads at his brow. Yellow Bird is weeping in a highpitched voice that  doesn't match his great bulk.
54) 35) dialog: The men who came to see you at  Leavenworth. The one's who made the  arrangement... who were they? Maybe  I can talk to them.
54) 37) dialog: You turned Leo over on his face. But  the coyotes must've turned him back  over, man, cuz his spirit is out.  It's out, and it knows.
54) 39) dialog: Leo knew something heavy and was  trying to tell Jimmy. But you must  not know how serious it was or you  would have delivered. Do you realize  what Leo could have told Jimmy?! Do  you?!
54) 41) dialog: What's Tashka Sha, speak English,  speak English!
54) 43) text: Ray grabs onto these words, rolls them silently on his li And now Yellow Bird is getting suspicious of the fed.
54) 45) text: Ray snaps out his gun, straight-armed.
54) 46) dialog: I'm the fucking law!
54) 48) dialog: Keep talking, Yellow Bird...
54) 50) text: And then HEADLIGHTS pierce the gaps in the boarded window Yellow Bird collapses against the wall, bangs his head of it. He lets a long, pained, cry escape from under his bre and he begins a slow slide down the wall, to the floor. Ray peers out the cracks in the boards.
54) 52) text: Ray gets up, putting his gun away and heading to the door He stops and looks back at the Indian, sitting on the flo clutching his knees, staring into the kerosene flicker.
54) 53) dialog: You and me both.
54) 54) text: Yellow Bird looks at him, his glasses foggy, his face  contorted And Ray leaves.
55) 0) text: Ray steps out into the falling night. There is a car park there. With a high aerial. Ray raises a hand in a slight  wave, walks on. At the fed car, A REGIONAL AGENT behind t wheel, waves a hand. Watches Ray get into the Le Baron. Ray gets in the car and takes off.
57) 0) text: Ray reaches over to the passenger seat and pulls up the M 16. He lays it across his lap. Looks in the rearview agai Then makes a sudden sharp turn. He pulls off the road quickly, throwing up dust into the  already foggy night, the car goes out of control.
59) 0) text: Ray skids through the dirt, trying to stop -- he can't -- and the Le Baron fishtails, smashing into a chain-link fe And coming to a stop. Breathing as if he's been running not driving, Ray looks  behind him to make sure he lost the car. He did. When he  turns back to his wheel, he sees --
60) 0) text: The Le Baron just sits parked, headlights making the nigh fog crawl up from the base of the old tomb, along the fen The driver's door opens slowly. And Ray steps out. He wal through the arch. Into the small fenced area. Up to the s which is overgrown with stubborn weeds, half-hidden in mi Ray studies the tomb.
61) 0) text: The little home on the river. Dark. Empty. Ray runs up th steps, pounds at the door. No answer. Pounds again.
61) 1) dialog: Maggie!
61) 4) dialog: Crow Horse, listen --
61) 6) dialog: Nowhere. I'm trying to find her.
61) 8) dialog: Crow Horse, listen. You have to come  with me.
61) 10) dialog: No. So we can do what the old man  said. Red Deer Table, Walter. We  have to go.
61) 11) text: Crow Horse lies there, breathing heavy. Ray on top of him still clutching his gun.
62) 0) text: Ray and Crow Horse are quiet as they eat up the dirt road
62) 2) text: Ray nods, concentrating. After a time:
62) 3) dialog: Do they come in dreams, these visions?
62) 5) dialog: Just before we caught Jimmy... I had  a dream that I was being chased. And  I was running with other people. Old- fashion Indian people. I got shot in  the back. Like Leo.
62) 6) text: When Crow Horse doesn't respond, Ray looks over and finds him staring. He looks back to the road. And when he looks back at Crow Horse, he is still staring at him.
62) 8) dialog: At Wounded Knee. I mean, that's where  I was, and that's where the dream  was. Why?
62) 10) dialog: Well, it was just a dream, I --
62) 12) dialog: What do you mean?
62) 14) text: Crow Horse looks out the window as if to avoid Ray who is confused by the Indian's smoldering. After a moment, Crow Horse looks at him.
62) 16) dialog: Sorry.
62) 18) dialog: We've driven a long way. Where is  this place?
62) 20) dialog: Yeah. Fitful dreams.
62) 23) dialog: What the hell do you want me to do?!
62) 25) text: Ray brakes. Crow Horse is looking past him. Ray turns. Th spectacular mesa that we have admired with every sunrise, looms massive now that we are under it. Moonlight falls o it. And the HEARTBEAT DRUM pulses from it.
63) 0) text: The land behind Red Deer Table is Badlands. Badlands pier by a few rutted old wagon roads. At a place between two  grotesque buttes, Crow Horse stops, looking uneasy. He digs into his pocket, pulls out some loose tobacco and spills it on the ground. Then he walks on. Ray observes this, starting forward, then stopping long e to fish a cigarette out from his pocket and drop it next Crow Horse's offering.
63) 2) dialog: What's that?
63) 4) text: Ray sweeps the light along, walking faster, and then some frightening occurs. Something... some unseen thing snags by the leg, sucking him into the Earth with a horrible GU SOUND. Ray is drawn into a hole up to his hips, a bluish-black s oozing out around him. Crow Horse grabs him, struggling t pull him up. He does, stumbling back and stepping into a  hole himself. The two men are wheeling, throwing flashlight beams aroun slapping through a wet jelly, and finally getting their  bearings. Ray touches the ground where a blue-black chemical soluti oozes out with water from the aquifer below. His flashlig scans -- TWENTY DRILLED HOLES IN THE EARTH. A uranium strip-mining grid laid out in a 50 x 60 pattern. The far side is fence by flagged stakes.
63) 5) dialog: Jesus. Oil?
63) 7) dialog: 1868... 
63) 9) dialog: That's what we're doing here. National  interest. National security. Only  this time it's not gold. It's uranium.
63) 11) dialog: Leo knew about it. Tried to tell  Jimmy, get the Warriors involved.
63) 13) dialog: Listen to the water... the river  keeps goin' down then rising again.
63) 14) text: Ray goes to another hole and sticks his arm in up to the  elbow, sniffs the solution.
63) 16) text: Ray is looking past Crow Horse at -- Something strange in the moonlight. COYOTES. Some forty y away, on a flat stretch of stoney ground. Six Coyotes, da in the shadows of rock formations. MOVING IN ON THEM as R walks forward, they circle... scatter... run back... circ again. Look straight at Ray, eyes glowing. And run.
63) 19) dialog: looks down in disbelief.
63) 20) dialog: No. No...
63) 21) text: Ray steps back, his boots squishing in solution and seala and soiled water. He covers his mouth, stopping himself f getting sick. And then he explodes, YELLING.
65) 0) text: Crow Horse walks over to Ray's window, his jeans and boot muddy. No one speaks for a long moment, the night filled crickets. And that one dog.
65) 1) dialog: This Clear Moon's house?
65) 3) text: Crow Horse crosses the street. Ray sits there, and he loo almost hurt by this statement. But he is the white man. B he is Indian. He lets a long breath escape, rubs at a tem He takes out a smoke. Tries to light it. His hands are sh too badly. But he gets it lit, and sits tense, looking in his rearview.
67) 0) text: Ray nervously awaits Crow Horse's words as he appears at window again. The Indian shows hope in his tired eyes.
67) 2) dialog: What we need... is Richard Yellow  Bird.
67) 3) text: Crow Horse looks at Ray who stares dead ahead.
68) 0) text: The shack is just as Ray left it earlier, kerosene flicke dancing yellow through the gapped boards. Ray and Crow Ho with guns drawn, approach the front door.
68) 2) dialog: He's looking at a few hundred years  in Leavenworth. He's not gonna come  out without a fight.
68) 3) text: Crow Horse snakes around toward the rear of the shack. Ray knocks at the front door. It is unlatched and it crea open a little. Ray pushes it open and sees --
70) 0) text: Ray steps away from the door, looking around the vast pla as the sun comes up out of the Black Hills. He is roadblo and it shows in his eyes. It's all getting too big. Crow Horse leans against the shack, watching Ray. And the RADIO STATIC from inside the Le Baron. Ray pivots and sta at it as if someone is inside the car. His call signal is being paged. But he just stands there, looking at it.
70) 2) text: Ray reaches inside the car and lifts the handset. He take breath before pressing it to his lips.
70) 3) dialog: X21. Come back.
70) 5) text: Ray looks at Crow Horse who looks equally spooked. The ag clears his throat.
70) 6) dialog: Reservation.
70) 9) dialog: I'm on my way back in. Over.
70) 10) text: Ray holds the handset down at his side, looking over the of the car toward the Black Hills.
70) 12) dialog: You go to the council fire. I'm going  back in.
70) 14) text: Ray swings in behind the wheel, starts the car, and barre off recklessly down the rutted road, leaving Crow Horse  behind.
71) 0) text: A RAVEN is sentinel on a telephone wire that crosses the  road from the bar to motel. A few trucks remain parked in front of the joint. Ray approaches room 13, looking shell-shocked. His boots  leave blue mud prints all the way to the door. He unlocks it.
72) 0) text: Ray has cast off his field clothes and is halfway into on of his cleaner suits. He looks haggard but still buoyant, his eyes piercing. The connecting door creaks open and Co walks in. The SAC is freshly showered and he is fidgeting with a Windsor knot. He studies his number two man, says  nothing for a moment but is obviously holding something d His face is a red hue.
72) 2) text: Ray looks at Cooch. When he speaks, his voice is dry.
72) 3) dialog: No...
72) 4) text: Cooch crosses the room, and picks up Ray's jeans which lo like they went through a sandlot tackle match in a mud ho Ray tucks his clean shirt in; watching Cooch.
72) 5) dialog: I had to finish something with Crow  Horse.
72) 6) text: Cooch walks up to Ray slowly and takes his face in his ha turning it toward lamp light to study the bruise along hi left eye, a residual from a Crow Horse hook.
72) 8) text: Ray nods, and Cooch slowly breaks a smile. An insecure sm but a smile just the same. He starts to laugh.
72) 10) text: Cooch laughs in amusement and Ray's face crinkles into a  grin as he lowers his eyes, wiping a paper towel over his face. And then, suddenly, Ray lunges at Cooch. He slams the Agent in Charge against the hollow wall, and holds him there. His eyes wild.
72) 11) dialog: Why didn't you tell me what we were  doing here?
72) 13) dialog: We're running a cover-up and you  didn't --
72) 14) text: Cooch suddenly explodes, throwing Ray off of him and send him reeling back against the sink. He points a finger at charge.
72) 16) dialog: You didn't tell me about Red Deer  Table --
72) 18) dialog: What is it? It's genocide, that's  what it is. It's a Pay Zone for some  U.S. corporation and a Dead Zone for  the people here. Uranium, Cooch.
72) 21) text: Ray says nothing. He just stands there, against the sink, breathing like a fighter against the turnbuckle.
72) 23) dialog: -- if they mine uranium there, these  people will have no place left to  go...
72) 25) dialog: We neutralized anybody with a voice.  Leo, Jimmy... Eagle Bear. Anyone who  was standing in the way of the land.  Is that it?
72) 27) text: Ray turns to the sink, turns the faucet on to get some wa on his face. The water only trickles into the basin.
72) 29) text: Ray leans on the sink, watching the water start to spurt  free. He shuts it off. Turns to look at Cooch. And it is  then the door opens -- some knocking after the door is al opened -- and SA Miles enters.
72) 32) text: Ray doesn't turn from the sink.
74) 0) text: Two federal vehicles are waiting in front of Cooch's Chev and Ray's Le Baron. One is an FBI van where Sherman helps THREE AGENTS load file boxes and computers. Cooch walks with Ray toward the Le Baron, looking at him the go. Ray looks better as he breathes the morning air. they pass the second fed car, the back window power glide down, and someone looks out with a friendly smile.
74) 2) text: Ray stops dead. Beholds the Tribal President who wears a  western cut jacket and a strained expression behind his s He hole a hand out to Ray.
74) 4) text: Ray stares at him, speechless. Horrified. What is he doin here? What about the council fire? Ray somehow nods. Then walks on to the Le Baron. Cooch gets behind the wheel of car that Clear Moon sits in. Clear Moon's eyes follow Ray the car.
76) 0) text: Ray gets behind the wheel, looks at his watch. He is  panicking. He starts the car, reverses, slams into drive. RAYВ’S POV: swerving and reckless as he races forward. Sh walking around to one of the cars has to run out of the w The other agents clear out, looking in confusion as Ray c a hard U -- sweeps PAST THE BAR, SMASHES INTO AND THROUGH the old hitching post -- and HEADS TOWARD the reservation which lies vast before him.
77) 0) text: With agents scrambling about, looking after the car, Cooc gets out, looking into the dust Ray left behind. HEARTBEA DRUM.
79) 0) text: Ray is leaving little transitional developments and trail behind. His eyes bore into the road before him, looking f a sign of Crow Horse, and in the rearview for a sign of h FBI mentor.
81) 0) text: The Le Baron rifles past the abandoned horse trailer. Bla smoke drifts in a wind ahead. Ray veers onto the shoulder, barely gets the car in park  before bailing and running wildly down into the Badlands.
82) 0) text: Ray runs, stumbles through the rock and gypsum, searching the area. He runs around the burning motorcycle, looking  left and right.
82) 1) dialog: Crow Horse!
82) 3) dialog: Crow Horse!
82) 6) dialog: I know. Come on. We gotta get off  the reservation or we're dead.
82) 8) dialog: Bullshit, let's get outta here,
82) 9) text: Ray gets an arm under the big Indian, helps him up out of jagged crevice.
84) 2) text: Ray just stares down at the radio, keeps the pedal floore The throws the wheel left.
85) 0) text: The Le Baron fish-tails in a cloud of dust and Ray leaps of the car, runs toward the little trailer, gun in hand. windows are all busted, and the door is wide open. Ray ru in. Then straight back out, shaking his head to Crow Hors Crow Horse hangs his head out the passenger window.
85) 1) dialog: He's gone.
85) 3) text: Ray starts to get back in then hesitates. He looks out ac the plains to see -- THREE FED CARS in the distance, fast approaching, dust ri Ray gets in quickly.
87) 0) text: With Ray driving like a maniac, Crow Horse is turned arou in his seat, watching the federal cars spreading out, the chopper moving in.
87) 2) dialog: We're going for The Stronghold.
87) 5) text: Ray and Crow Horse exchange a look.
87) 7) text: Ray picks up the mic as he cranes to keep an eye on the  rearview.
87) 8) dialog: Yellow bird... is gonna sing.
87) 10) text: Ray takes the mic and for some reason, he's putting it in his jacket near his shoulder where he keeps his leather.  Crow Horse looks at him, puzzled. And then the sound come forth, the static crackling of a micro-cassette recorder.
87) 12) text: Ray keeps the tape running into the radio as he drives th rugged Badlands. Crow Horse, stunned by the voice, eyes R as the tape rolls.
89) 0) text: The tape ends and Ray now lifts the mic to his mouth.
89) 1) dialog: (into mic) Fuck you.
91) 1) dialog: Walter.
91) 2) text: Crow Horse turns, sees what Ray is looking at. POV: The Stronghold -- a narrow opening in hulking rock  formations. Large enough for a car to get in, and keep  followers out.
91) 4) dialog: We're in there. We're in there --
92) 0) text: The Le Baron is stuck, wheels spinning out. Ray and Cooch bail. Guns drawn, they start running for the Stronghold.
92) 3) text: The sound of FIFTEEN PRIMING FIREARMS stops Ray and Crow  Horse in their tracks. Just twenty feet from The Strongho Crow Horse, windless, stumbles to a knee. Ray turns slowl facing the small army.
92) 5) text: Crow Horse, rises, sucking wind, and ditches his gun in t Badlands. Ray holds onto his .45 a moment longer. Then dr it. He stares at --
92) 10) dialog: No way, Cooch.
92) 11) text: Ray refuses to move.
92) 19) dialog: stands equally astonished, assessing the back-up.
92) 23) dialog: You're right, Cooch. It's over.
92) 24) text: Cooch slowly, lets the bullhorn fall. Then the rifle. He  looks back at Sherman who does the same, and all the way  down the line, everyone dropping their arms under the thr of a lot more guns from above. And now Ray walks forward, collecting his gun. Anderson Chasing Hawk, one of the  Warriors, runs down to Ray, breathless.
92) 26) text: Ray notices that Cooch is staring at him, hard. He shakes his head slowly. Strongly.
92) 28) dialog: Let the press through.
92) 29) text: Chasing Hawk takes off, running, and Cooch watches in  consternation. Ray just stands eye to eye with him, holdi his ground.
93) 0) text: The HIGH WINDS of THREE MEDIA HELICOPTERS are delighting storm of Indian children and BARKING DOGS, running throug the streets past junked cars on blocks. Over on a little plot of grass and dirt, a pair of hands digging a small hole. Ray lays a pine cone in the hole an looks down at it for a moment... before hand-plowing the  dirt back over it and patting it flat. He rises, knocking dirt off his knees and hands. Crow Horse walks over, bandaged and favoring wounds, and falls in with him, walking down the middle of the village road. His eyes are tired. But hopeful.
93) 2) text: Ray nods, encouraged as they walk along. His eyes follow helicopters.
93) 3) dialog: What about the water...
93) 5) dialog: Some Indian time?
93) 8) text: Crow Horse offers a hand to Ray. He takes it in a white m shake then follows Walter's cue into the Indian "allies"  grip and slap. They hold it there, looking into each othe eyes.
93) 10) text: Ray ponders for a moment.
93) 11) dialog: I'll have to see what the visions  say about that one.
93) 13) text: Ray shrugs. Crow Horse discreetly gestures below his belt
93) 15) text: Ray cracks a smile, a long time coming.
93) 16) dialog: You take care.
93) 18) text: Ray stands looking at him, searching for words.
93) 20) text: Ray goes to get in his car. But he sees someone sitting a the street on the trading post porch. The old man. Ray considers him for a moment then walks over. They lock eyes. Grandpa stares at Ray as if he's never seen him bef and then arcs a brow. He touches his sleeve at the wrist. Ray rolls his sleeve back to reveal his Rolex. Grandpa sm and Ray strips it off. He hands it to the old man and his face crinkles into caliche earth. Grandpa holds the watch up in the light, admires it then  puts it in his shirt pocket. He moves a flat hand through the air in the "done deal" sign language. Ray, a little  surprised that he gets nothing in the trade, returns the  smile and walks away. He gets to his car and wipes away two inches of dust from the broken windshield.
94) 0) text: After THREE TRIES, he gets the engine started. He pulls h gun off his waistband, goes to lay it on the passenger se and finds something there. Grandpa's sacred caanunpa. The Pipe. Symbol of truth. Ray looks out the window at the old man who is watching him w those sharp black eyes. Ray lifts his hand, holds it flat and does the Sioux done deal sign.