4) 84) dialog: The Lybian chaps. Hetll never do for sword-play. Shift him to the short dagrer, J {Panon writes) The Ethiopian doesn't even pretend to defend himself, He must. Number five flincnes, He must not.
4) 177) text: REVERSE ANGLE - END OF ESCARPMENT al Coming around the base of the escarpment, which 1s a very short distance from the Captain, is the entourage of Lent Batiatus. It consists of Batiatus, mounted on a mule, sev following slaves carrying provisions and water, and two g bringing up the rear. It approaches the Captain.
4) 184) dialog: {fanning seif) Welcome, indeed, my dear Captain! I've never seen a grimier day.
4) 192) dialog: (a sigh) Lying's such a bad policy. (pauses, gestures off) , These? |
4) 196) dialog: Carrion. How do they fight off the buzzards? CAPTAIN i Fourth one down's not bad. He's : a Gaul. BATIATUS ‘ I'm not fond of Gauls. They're too hairy, He comes up to the siave fourth down, a dessicated giant. looks carefully, but swiftly, at every lineament of his a naked body, shaking his head reprovingly. 7
4) 197) dialog: Can he come to his feet unassisted?
4) 205) dialog: Be good enough to let me see his teeth,
4) 207) dialog: (examining mouth) As the teeth go, so go the bones. ie (shocked tone. — a “I This mouth is reaziy ‘impermissable}! 3
4) 210) dialog: The fellow's made of chalk.
4) 212) dialog: Perjure yourself no further, Captain. I'll see for myself,
4) 214) dialog: (points) i What's this? ‘a
4) 220) dialog: (softiy) What a pity.... MED.’ CLOSE ON BATIATUS, SPARTACUS, CAPTAIN'S LEGS IN SCE Spartacus' eyes still closed. Batiatus slides the palm of right hand along Spartacus' shoulders, forearm, and thigh slave's flesh quivers delicately, withdraws in wavelets u the soft touch, and this must be photographed, ciatus smi looks up at o.s. Captain,
4) 221) dialog: You see? He reacts. Good muscle tone, Have him open his mouth, Captain now bends down INTO SCENE,
4) 223) dialog: (wrinkling nose) He smells like a rhinocerous. looks up to Captain delicately) The teeth, Captain. You told him to open his mouth. Doesn't he obey you?
4) 229) dialog: (enchanted) . - Hametrung? How marvelous! I'll take hin, (to Spartacus) You're an ugly brute, but if you please me, I'll give you anything you want, (pause; very softly) What go you want, slave? Spartacus almost spits the word out---his response is not request, 1t is derision born of hate.
4) 231) text: SPARTACUS © Freedom! af Guard laughs; Batiatus shrugs. \P
4) 232) dialog: You'll have it. Day after day I y Promise you one moment of choice. Y lin And where you have choice, you L/ have freedom. Y As Spartacus glares at his new master, we
4) 236) dialog: Paater, up there! It's almost \ nightfall, :
4) 252) text: NEAR CAPUA - DAY © We see the imposing residence of the owner, a typical Rom try-seat, but different than most in that it is connected its outbuildings by high walls. To the left of the reside massive gates give onto a thick-walled alleyway which, in own turn, opens onto the grounds beyond, invisible from o Guards in the uniform of the garrison of Capua are statio either side of the front door to the residence, and half are stationed by the gates, which swing open as Batiatus string of newly purchased slaves approach the establishme Batiatus is carriec in a litter by eight slaves, preceded mounted guards. Behind his litter shuffle perhaps twenty slaves, all strong men in their prime, shackled by leg-ch Other guards on foot walk alongside the slaves, The small gates to the left of the
4) 260) text: residence, FULL SHOT ~ AT GATES - BATIATUS AND SLA PASSING THROUGE a In b.g. we see household dignitaries lined\up to welcome returning master. The slaves, among whom we observe Spart and Gannicus, look at the massive walls of the enclosure which they pass, exchange inquiring glances amongst thems
4) 266) text: ANOTHER ANGLE - FEI: BATIATUS , mas RAMON = NEW 37 “ SLAVES IN B.G. Batiatus, just descended, extends a limp hand to Ramon, w kisses it fervently.
4) 267) dialog: How ve good of you to receive me. BF Marcelius, indicating slaves) Well there they are, Marcéllus. A dirty lot, but the best I could do. Marcellus is a squat, powerful, dehumanized brute, clad i leather and mail, whip, brass knuckles and dagger hanging his broad brasa-studded belt. A former gladiator himself, face and arms are covered with the scars af combat. His ferocious eyes take in the newcomers. i} : MARCELLUS ‘| I've seen worse. And better, (N (x) °
4) 268) dialog: (gently) . “All I've ever asked is that you d your best. (turns toward slaves) And you, slaves ~~ I ask the best \ from you also, You have arrived ‘ a at the gladiatorial school of Capua. \ ! Here you will be trained by experts ; 4 to fight in matched pairs. To the ee jl death 7A . (stir among newcomers} “eK “ft Compose yourselves. Obviously we Vey (x). shan't fight you to the death here. ! i That will occur after you're sald. j And only for the edification of ladies and gentlemen of quality. I congratulate you. i
4) 270) text: ~ = Raa el #1888 ~ Changes 2/10/59 co 15 aT CONTINUED 37 BATIATUS (Cont'd) (pause) Approximately half the graduates of our school live on into their forties. Sceme of them even gain thetr freedom, and become trainers themselves. Eh, Marcellus? {Marcellus leers) A trained gladiator ts like a fine stallion, He must be pampered. You will be bathed and shaved, conditioned and oiled and massaged. (touches Marcellus! (x) cauda) You will be given your caudas. You will be warmly clothed, and your food will be the best money can buy. (smirk) At certain intervals you will even be given the companionship of a girl. (to Marcellus, indi- eating Spartacus) Watch the fifth from the end. He's a Thracian. They were going to kill him for hamstringing a guard, yo i) MARCELLUS } We'll break him of that. .
4) 272) dialog: (to Ramon) Well, you sly Greek dog -- let's go to the house and have a look at the books. I could hear you diddling them all the way to Alexandria. {starts out of scene) And has no one the decency to offer me a cup of wine? Ee Ee EXITS, FOLLOWED by Ramon.
6) 1) text: MED, SHOT . FAVORING BATIATUS : . he He stands alone, watching benignly as the girle shuffle p him, Varinia appears in the line, He reaches out, takes h arm, disengages her from the line, CLOSE SHOT ~ BATIATUS, VARINIA a)
6) 2) text: Batiatus extends his right hand reproachfully.
6) 3) dialog: Observe. The kindly hand that feeds you. Nipped beyond recognition. (she atares at the hand; no reaction) Have you nothing te say? No word of pity? No remorse? (she has none) Very well, I've found a creature who shares your beastly appetites. Come along.
6) 4) text: Marcellus as he goes, CAMERA trucks with them to: t SPARTACUS! CELL DOOR = MARCELLUS, BATIATUS, VARINIA uy Marcellus unbolts the door, throws it open. i
6) 6) dialog: I bring you e gift, Spartacus. (pushes 4 nia into the ceil rougnly) Beware of her. She bites too,
6) 13) text: He has not mo @ Muacle since the appearance of Batiatus with Varinis, How, alone with her, he remains seated on n stool, his tody tense as that of a wild creature which ha seen, for the first time and face to face, the shocking, pected figure of a man. His eyes stare out at her with th most urgent inquiry; they flicker lixe serpents’ tongues every aspect of her body, Occasionally he may even stare from her, at the floor or toward the wall, as if trying t evaluate and understand her presence without her immediat image in his retinas to deceive or baffle him.
6) 29) dialog: {softly) Now that you do have one, you must take her. What will she think of you? Indeed, what shall Iz think of you? Spartacus still glares up at his tormentors, dazed and un lieving. All three at the grill involuntarily duck. Spart takes the stool which falis back at his feet, jumps onto leaps convulsively toward the bars, hangs dangiing in air held by a single hand clenched to the bar, while the othe thrust between the bars, blindly groping for threats.
6) 39) dialog: (gently) Direct your courage to the woman, Spartacus. As Spartacus oe teee to his feet, all three faces disappe from the grill above
6) 53) text: * Batiatus EXITS, and the door closes behind him barely i #1888 - 6/8/59 - Cuan... 20m |
6) 57) text: For a moment he lets her look full at the nakedness of hi shame. His eyes frankly drink in her loveliness. . He sha his head. He smiles. A long, quivering sigh pronounces hi recovery from crisis. Miraculously, she amiles back at hi At this moment the door opens to admit Batiatus and Marce Both of them whirl as the cell door opens, j BATIATUS . Marcellus take her out. Marcellus seizes her, starts out with her.
6) 58) dialog: (to Spartacus) : Perhaps you may not be an animal, i Spartacus, but this sorry show gives i me little hope you'll ever be a G ! man. to save him from the lunge which hurls the gladiator fuil force against the door.. i
7) 4) text: Batiatus ENTERS quietly from behind,
7) 19) dialog: Don't tease him, Marcellus. He's a house slave at heart.
8) 56) dialog: (reproachfully) In a read Fi you'd have cost me three thousand sestercest Spartacus EXITS. Batiatus turna to Marcellus. (8)
8) 58) dialog: -They stocd up rather well, Jt Alstribution of young » Virtus must never
9) 14) dialog: Tell them I'm occupied. As you see, How tall do these lords grow?
9) 16) dialog: Hey? (flinging towels) Get me out of thisl Wipe me off, you fat-head! <te leaps from the chair, suddenly has an appalled second
9) 19) dialog: Crassus -- ! (whirls on Ramon) The bust! The bust! Take it away! Get rid of it!
9) 21) dialog: The bust of Gracchus that sits in the atrium. You know how Crassus hates himit Smash it! (eyes to heaven) Forgive me, dear Gracchus, Ramon turns, dashes OUT of room. Batiatus hastily begins don tunic. FULL SHOT - COURTYARD BEFORE BATIATUS' RESIDENCE - DAY Be The richly dressed visitors are just debouching from thei litters, ——
10) 10) dialog: : (bows low to Crassus) Marcus Licinius Crassus, most noble reverence, first neral of the Republic, Calon father of
10) 14) text: Bhess it with your With e slight inclination vf/ the head, Crassus acknowled greeting, turns, and, under the humbly agile guidance of Batiatus and itowing pf slaves, moves with his party toward the entrance, |
10) 16) dialog: arpangej Hove quicklyi Can't you see thelr wersbias are. exheusted? Varinia places chair for Srassus.
10) 25) dialog: {raptly, to both pf them) A matt of eagles} “ite Glabrus)} Your sanctity! (to slaves) Fen his beatitudel tie sweets!
10) 53) dialog: (distressed. and cresdy) fight te eeath wenld raise
10) 56) text: Batiatus! beady eyes like serpents' tongues from the ladies to Crassus, a again.
10) 63) dialog: Ah -= forgive me, serenity -~ twenty- five thousand denarill
10) 65) dialog: This instanté
10) 67) dialog: Inexhaustiblei (blows WHISTLE) Allow me to show you the way. They start CUT of the atrium, CAMERA TRUCKING with them, the outer staircase and onto the training arem below.
11) 46) dialog: Practically every man here is an expert with the Thracian imife, But the brident 1s something rere. I'd recommend this fellow here. Ethiopian. i He indicates a fierce-looking, swarthy man; but Helena an Claudia have their eyes on Draba. Ge a ; wa GIAUDIA au I like thie one bettert \ ul (ek ] Batiatus shudders. He has the honest merchant's instinct 1
11) 47) dialog: Draba? Oh no, he'd never do. Por you I want only the best. a CLAUDIA But I want the most beautiful, -- I'll take him. -keep bis best merchandise end sell his a
11) 48) dialog: Very well. (to Marcellus) Draba, curse iti (to Helena) And now for you, Lady Helena, I suggest . » « ab yes, eqexPRS A veritable tigers
11) 50) dialog: (distressed) Eh? This one, your ladyhood? she nods; he . rolls his eyes to Marcellus) Crixus for the short sword, (eagerly supgesting the next one Observe this fellow! Did you ever aee such splandid shoulders?
11) 55) dialog: {can't\| believe 1t) Ah? (can) . Ah-huh. (to Marcellus, deed voice) | Also Galins. ANCTHSR ANGLE - CUIGIDE Gack ~ TOWARD IT 92 Crassus and Glabrus sayirne no heed, taking no part in th
11) 56) text: selection. Helena and Clgudie have moved a bit away from Batiatus and Mercellus atiatus is holding a soft, inaudib conversation with his tra ner. Helenats eyes wander over several gladiators ineluding Spartacus, then return to Spartacus. Her eyes sweep him from head to toe, then slow back again. ar erene us glares at her--- then insolently inspec in. Batiatus realizes they're about choice, ruehes up to them.
11) 68) dialog: And a coward to bpott I'll hav him floggedi takes herjarmj There's only one man in the entire school who stands \e chance with the Thracian knife against the trident. (points him out) Behold---the beast} of Lybilal
11) 75) dialog: {accbpting fate} Scarcely, ybur blessedness, Jt's been-~-most] exciting. I tingle. Varinia advences with) a trey of wine. Her eyes meet Sper Helene takes e glass,| sips it, her eyes still on Spartac Then she turns to Battatus.
11) 77) dialog: (shocked reproach Tricks? At the school of Batistus? We'll slit their throats 1Ike chickens} An audible GASP goes up from those within the packed cege stare at Helena with unbelieving eyes. Varinia gaze® mute at Spartecus.
11) 78) dialog: You hear, Mercellus? Marcellus, who kimself\is staring et Helena as if she wer some new and melignant)/type of monster, bobs his hesd. .
11) 79) dialog: Then get abopt itt Marcellus turns, nows, |EXIZS. Without looking for the tr Helena places ner unfitished wine gless on it. She givesa last flashing glance at Spartacus, turns awey. .
11) 81) text: Yes, letst | (looks et Draba) I feel so sorry for the poor things in ell this heat. 3 (to Betiatus) Don't put them in those suffocating tunics. Let.them wear---just enough for modesty... s i BATIATUS They'i] fight in loincloths and bless your name.
12) 28) dialog: Oh merciful heavens, a catastrophe!
12) 36) text: My first master had me tutored for his children. Crassus nods, turns to Batiatus,
12) 52) dialog: Buy her, your lordship? Of course! She's yours! (to Va You're lucky, {to or Shetl1 be wai inia) you clumsy cow! seus} ing at your litter,
12) 73) dialog: At your pleasure, excellency. Batiatus EXITS. DRUMS begin o.s. Crassus gives the whistl to Helena.
14) 1) dialog: (Dialogue During Spartacu$-Draba Fight}
14) 21) dialog: KILL HIM, YOU /IMBECILE! t MED. CLOSE ~ SPARTACUS ‘ DRABA 106-¢ Spartacus, utterly immobilized, watching, waiting for dea Slowly Draba turns, stares up into the stands. His face i covered with sweat, his mouth is anguished, his eyes are with horror and the exertions of this life-and-death stru But now he sees, in the box, something even more horrible death. His whole body turns toward the stands. He begins shamble toward his tormentors, forgetting his prey. Spart in b.g., 18 rising from phe sand. Draba charges streight the fence, and the gellety and box beyond and above it. mdg 111 .gets within throwing distance, He hurls his heavy pilum #1888 - Changes 2/24/59 . 53-8
14) 24) dialog: Run, your lordships! Flee, your ladyhocds! (bellowing pff) Guards! Guards seb | FULL SHOT = FIELD AND winaek 108 . . \ . Draba has reached the fence, |There a guard tries to inte him, Draba skewers him and flings his body away as if sca ing trash. He climbs the fence, lunges upward into the ga and toward the box. Other guards are now closing in from directicns. As Draba leaps toward the box, the first guar Draba, The eighteen inches cof steel imbeds itself in the dator's ebony bedy, but still! he plunges upward, his tri position to throw, his eyes on his deadly enemies in the A second pilum finds its mark, but already Draba has grop way almost to the box, the spears dragging from his bedy.
14) 55) dialog: Your lerdships! oh, your dear, dear excelliencies +- | He moves OUT OF SCENE, FOLLOWING them, 115 OMITTED and 116
19) 11) dialog: (to Ramon) | And remember to collect for her before you give the receipt. Money's so unimportant to the extremely rich they often forget about it altogether.
20) 14) text: The guards defending them are all dead. The gates ars slo being pushed outward. THROUGH them the SHOUTING, oheering ing mass of slaves and gladiators already is beginning to EXT. GATES ~ FULL SHOT Ih3" + A triumphant torrent of gladiaters, house-slaves, women, BURSTS THROUGH the gates, and begins to stream into the c side, while behind them towering flames and great columns smoke mark the death of the gladiatorial school of Capua, PRON? OF BATIATUS' HOUSE - FULL SHOT yy Another torrent of slaves BURSTS THROUGH the great front rushes SHOUTING and YELLING through the erchway into the land beyond. FULL SHOT ~ TOWARD CREST OF A LOW HILL Lys | Against the crest, field slaves may be seen, silhoustted work. Cne of them looks off, points: others stop to lock: cluster -- gesticulating excitedly amongst themselves. -
20) 22) text: begins to ‘shudder; Batiatus reins in the animals, ve he succeeds in halting, the wheel comes off, the cart 1s dragged on its aide for a short distance, Varinia thrown free of ti eart, lands teaide the road on her side Batiatus rides it down witheut injury, climbs from the wr age, Burvey: it. Varinla tegins to worm her way slowly, p fully, towaré the woods.
20) 25) dialog: {inspects wheel, shakes his head) We're done for, now, {locks off at Varinia) Come here, woman! T'12 cut the herse loose erd ride him, You'll watk. Well --- get up!
20) 31) text: He turns, starts for the horse. Varinia turns away from h starts running toward the woods. Hearing the SCUND of her steps, Batiatus whiris, stares after her in stupefaction, calis out:
20) 42) dialog: L4u5-D
20) 46) dialog: (shouting to nothing) Come back! Come back! I command youl
20) 49) dialog: (panting) It takes a great soul----to stand up---to the misfortunes of---my miserable life-~--~!
25) 195) dialog: The room, although in a slum area, is richly decorated an luxuriously furnishec: Gracchus' entire house 1s staffed slave women: peasant girls and women from a dozen conquer provinces and kingdoms. They are plainly dressed, and wea no make-up. Ome or two are on the plump side. ‘They are e tremely competent servants, amiable and more content with
25) 201) dialog: How good you are to me, if I may say so,
25) 203) dialog: Thank you.
25) 206) dialog: I good to you? How, pray.
25) 208) dialog: I have always regarded you as my patron.
25) 217) dialog: {his mouth full) Believe me, I find it hard to hate, but there 1s one man I cannot think of without fuming.
25) 220) dialog: Crassus,
25) 222) dialog: Haven't I every reason, great Gracchus? There I was, better than a millionaire in the morning -- by nightfali a penniless refugee, with only my poor flesh and a few rags to call my own, and all because Crassus decides to break his journey at Capua with a couple of capricious, overpainted nymphs, the widow of Lucius Caius Marius, whose execution delighted us all,and the daughter of that superanimated oaf Septimus Optimus Glabrus whose son made such a royal mess of the Eastern Wars. i These two spoiled daughters of Venus “ insisted on taunting the gladiators, then had shem fight to the death --
25) 226) dialog: I sold him a woman, Varinia, may the gods gives her wens, I din'’t even get a deposit on her, but she was clearly his slave from the instant our deal was made. Now she's off with Spartacus, murdering people in their beds, end he has made no mention of the money.
25) 228) dialog: She isn't remotely your type. Thin.
25) 231) dialog: May the gods adore yout But why do you buy a woman you've never seen? GRACCHUS i To annoy Crassus, of course. And ; to help you, i
25) 232) dialog: In spite of your vices, you are. the Most generous Roman of cur time 7 ;
25) 236) dialog: The ladies,
25) 238) dialog: Not a vice. I used the wrong word. An eccentricity, a folble -- I trust I pronounce that properly -- why, even your butler and your groom are women.
25) 240) dialog: How extraordinary, yes.
25) 242) dialog: (dark daylight) Ah -- |
25) 244) dialog: The sauce, Thank you,
25) 249) dialog: You've too great a respect for the purity of womankind.
25) 251) dialog: (after a moment's reflection ~ looking around) It mst be tantalizing to be sur- rounded by so much purity.
25) 265) dialog: Noble bird,
31) 30) text: BATIATUS ENTERS . (x) A swift spasm of disgust passes across Crassus' face. Crassus leans back in his chair, touches the fingertips o two hands, and stares thoughtfully ahead as Batiatus ENTE The lanista is travel-worn and shabby, but filled, as alw with the urgent joy of selfw{abasement, He moves swiftly Crassus, bobbing and bowling like a cork’ on troubled wat
31) 31) dialog: Most blessed Excellency! The moment the message arrived I cast aside the most urgent personal matters and hastened into your distinguished presence.
31) 33) dialog: (seating himself) How gracious!
31) 35) dialog: (startled) Spartacus? You saw him in the ring the day you visited my school with those charming ladies. I trust they are in gocd health. hey selected him to fight against Draba the Negro.
31) 41) dialog: Who had cause to, if I may say so, your holiness. A brilliant dagger stroke from a most difficult angle.
31) 43) dialog: Is that a matter of some importance to your blessecness?
31) 45) dialog: We are both patriots, your honor, even if you are a great one and I, most modest in size. We both believe in Roman fair play. Since you wish something from me, I would be untrue to my convictions if I did not admit that I want something from you.
31) 47) dialog: If «— when -- you win the battle to- morrow such slaves as survive will no doubt be auctioned off to pay for the expenses of this heroic expedition. - Could not the agent for their sale, be he who shares this tiny moment of history with your holiness?
31) 53) dialog: (hastily) None, none. None at all, in fact. Still I feel bound to remind your honor that I am a civilian. More a civilian than most civilians. I eould take a room in a neighboring village -.
31) 55) dialog: It's inhuman, your excellency. You all are asking me to have no faith in my own training methods. I ama theorist, sir, not a practical man of war, I like to see history unravel from afar -- you get @ far more objective view- point. .
31) 57) dialog: I see. But my dear, all.wconquering Marcus Licinius Crassus == what if it be Spartacus who passes through the battlefield searching for you?
31) 65) dialog: : (as he goes) Pray for us, your worship! Put ms not your faith in strategy but in. prayer -- not just to Mars, but Venus, Jupiter, Vulcan, the lot. Risk offending none of them. _ He is thrust by his guard through the doorway, abruptly t ating his lamentations. DISSOLVE To
31) 100) dialog: (agitatedly) . Your excellency! Forgive me for being one of the last to congratulate you. Did I hear you say you were going to erucify your prisoners?
31) 103) dialog: (teeth chattering) A most unfortunate lapse, your serenity, brought on by 4 nervous affliction that's made my life miserable since childhood!
31) 105) dialog: Why--~c-c-cowardice. your grace! A -«- a certain tendency to---- to avoid skin punctures! (urgently) Did I heer you say you were going to crucify your prisoners?
31) 107) dialog: But last night you assured me I could be your agent in auctioning them off! I have your word for it.
31) 116) dialog: Who am I to say this but the Roman State rests not only on the stern necessities of war, but on a fabric of sound business ethics. Suddenly the WAIL of an infant disturbs the morning air. entire company freezes, looks off, while a subaltern dart OUT amongst the corpses toward the SOUND.
31) 149) text: You may sell the other women, but not this one. BATIATUS ii It's clear your beatitude hesn't inquired into the quality of his female prisoners. I have, unfort- unetely. Those thet don't buckle with age are so ugly you can't look at them without blinking. No man could sell that collection Of harpies!
32) 0) text: Batiatus. A line of prisoners is in the scene, they are chained and manacled, bearded, their faces covered with f and bleod. Among them, Spartacus and Antoninus. Batiatus starts violently as he recognizes Spartacus. Spartacus, a of the recognition, gives him a terrible glare of warning hatred. Batiatus rushes to Crassus.
32) 2) dialog: (rushing up) Perhaps we could make a bargain, | Your Holiness. (drops voice so Spartacus can't . overhear If I identify Spartacus, will you give me the woman and her child?
32) 8) dialog: (insinuatingly) Are you that afraid of him great Crassus?
32) 10) dialog: Curse you, Crassus! May your belly be covered with boils!
32) 80) dialog: My back has more stripes than a zebra. Every time I touch my - wounds, they sing like larks, but I don't complain. I found what had always evaded me before, with all my wealth.
32) 82) dialog: Bon't laugh at me, but I believe it to be dignity.
32) 94) dialog: You think so? Anybody who thinks I'll turn informer for nothing is a fool. I bore the whip without protest -- in silence,
32) 96) dialog: Not for a minute. It only strengthens my resolve. :
32) 98) dialog: I noticed a strange light in his eye the first time he saw her,
32) 100) dialog: She's an impossible woman,
32) 102) dialog: Beautiful, yes. The more chains you put on her, the less like a slave she looks.
32) 106) text: a mdg #1888 ~ Changes 4/1/59 161-D 356-C CONTINUED - 2 356-c » BATIATUS Proud, and yet every inch a woman. You feel she'd yield only to the right man.
32) 108) dialog: _ {eyes wide open) Yes...
32) 110) dialog: . Steal her? Why?
32) 112) dialog: The scheme 1s excellent, but I hope you don't suggest that I carry it out.
32) 120) dialog: Is it valid even in Crassus' court. yard?
32) 122) dialog: Half a million! Already Crassus seems to dwindle in my mind.
32) 124) dialog: With such a sum I could bribe Jupiter himself,
36) 120) text: Batiatus has Just indignantly descended. Varinia and her child are now following. BATIATUS *® {continuing speech of previous scene) \ -~ and her child. Travelling on senatorial pass to Aquitania, \
36) 124) text: Batiatus tries awkwardly to turn Verinia aside, to insert own ample body between her and the sight of her crucified band. ;
36) 125) dialog: (all a-steam from trying to do two things at once) Never before have I known Roman eitizens to be searched in this fashiont We ore eset Centurion pays him no heed, begins to finger through his To Batiatus' horror, Varinia suddenly looks up, sees the and the person on it, and freezes,
36) 132) text: Centurion looks up at Batiatus curiously,
36) 134) dialog: Not a word! I mean that's what I said to you. I made a citizen's comment on this search you're con- ducting, and you ignored me. You said not a word, (both to him and Varinia) Not a word! Not a single word, you understand? ee Varinia now slowly moves toward the cross, tiatus regards her departure with agony.
36) 138) dialog: Oh, I am! A citizen inquires why . he's being searched and you don't ; show any recognition. (loudly, for Varinia) Don't show any recognition at alll CAMERA (eyes of Spartacus) is now following Varinia's mov ment toward cross, Thus Batiatus and Centurion PASS OUT O SCENE as Varinia leaves them behind. She runs three steps ward, walks two, then runs three or more until she's very to the base of the cross. Her emotions, one must only haz joy at seeing him alive; horror at the cruelty being infl upon him; sympathy for his pain, love; grief. CAMERA (eye Spartacus), has moved with her advance; now has her in:
36) 151) dialog: : (snatching them) I should hope sot Be clambers into his vehicle, reins the horses, Vehicle s forward, CAMERA TRUCKING with 16 until it halts before Va and the cross, : : “ED, SHOT ~ BATIATUS IN CARRIAGE, VARINIA BEFORE CROSS 42 Vehicle comes to a stop, mdg 4a7
36) 157) dialog: {urgently} We've got to get out of here!
36) 162) dialog: Excluding Spartacus from SCENE.
36) 168) dialog: (desperately) Do you want us all to be up there with him?