4) 101) dialog: Have your dispositions been made?
4) 114) dialog: True. Yet Lentulus had no slaves at all with his forces, and still he lost thirty thousand men.
4) 116) dialog: A blunder is the effect of peeves never its cause. (to room in general) All ranks of legion commander and above will join me in my quarters, He turns, moves swiftiy across room EXITS through another doorway. Perhaps twelve of the officers in th¢ room move behind him,
4) 117) text: INT. CRASSUS' PERSONAL HEADQUARTERS - ey FULL SHOT 8 It is richly furnished. A low table is flanked by the Consular banner and Crassus!’ own Dersonal banner. The table contains maps; parchment scrolls, fruit, wine, and the golden baton, or wand, which is the symbol of Crassus authority as commander-in-chisf. Crassus begins to roam the room. He begins to speak before the last of his com- manders has actually entered. The commanders remain stand Rayne nin the most painfully wy Sention,
4) 121) dialog: Nine Roman armies have been destr ry
4) 128) dialog: The question is this: why has a } rabble of slaves been able to destroy | the best troops the world ever saw? To answer such a question, you must understand that rabble, And most particularly, you must understand / the man who commands them. There is an uneasy stirring; muttered affirmatdves. Crass flings himself into his chair, indicates cia aa rolls bef him.
4) 130) dialog: Experience has taught me the conven- dence of knowing nothing about my friends and absolutely everything about my enemies. My informers range from the gutters of Antioch to the temple cf Jupiter in Rome herself. Since the first beginnings of this accursed redeliion, they have concentrated on one man, and one man only---Spartacus. Before we move on to tactics I am there- fore determined to confront you with the essence of our problem. With : the mar. himself. With Spartacus, 4 (stares coldly around) i Is there anyone here who considers this slave unworthy of his attention?
4) 132) text: No, sir! Perfectly right!... Ete. Crassus relaxes once more, sinks far back in his chair, H eyes assume a faraway gaze, as if he were actually witnes and evaluating that which he describes.
4) 142) dialog: Spartacus is what the Egyptians cail a koruu. That is to say, he is in the third generation of born slaves. Be was soid from Thrace as a boy into Egypt. At fourteen he went into the mines. I've seen those mines... © DISSCLVE TO
10) 8) text: The litters ave being Lowered/to the ground. ‘ARCUS LICIW CRASSUS is the EHD, FOLLOWED by VARINIUS GLAGRUS, Glabrus is younger than Crassus, richly dressed but Lecki both hardness and real disnity. The softness of his face bespeaks indulgence and dissipation. He defers greatly to Crassus, but he cennot supprg¢ss the look of weary boredo vacuity which constantly shagows his lustrous eyes.
10) 9) text: He assists two handsome women from the remaining two litt One of them is his sister, LENA GLABRA, and the other is CLAUDIA NARITA, Iney ave exquisitely gowned and bejeweled the obviows oroducte of high fashion and enormous wealth. look about festidiously, hagten to find a place in the sh At thig int, Latiatus rustles INTO SCENE, FOLLOWED by a s of SERY. sarvying cheirs, cushions, food, wine, fans. Ee rushes directly sto Crassus, |makes a deep bow.
10) 14) text: Bhess it with your With e slight inclination vf/ the head, Crassus acknowled greeting, turns, and, under the humbly agile guidance of Batiatus and itowing pf slaves, moves with his party toward the entrance, |
10) 20) text: 86 #1888 ~ Changes 2/25/59 \ 38 MED, CLOSE SHOT - varryr BEHIND CHATR - CRASSUS PACING HE There is gomething in his| direct, inquiring glance thaf Varinia almost visibly to,withdray into herself, Crassus! sweop her from head to foots not insolently, not even sen == but with the considered admiration of a connoisseur, B nervously ENTERS, \
10) 38) dialog: My young f ds desire a private showing of pairs,
10) 52) dialog: Today Is an exception.
10) 56) text: Batiatus! beady eyes like serpents' tongues from the ladies to Crassus, a again.
10) 64) dialog: Arrange it immediately.
11) 20) dialog: A slave with urprella shades the lovely Helena from the s “ _" HELENA (gaily) Thracians are a fad, anyhow. They're flashy with the imife, but they don't kill well. pa CRASSUS Where did you acquire this refined taste for brutality? ~ ” HELENA (mocking smile) When I was a little girl, and saw two thousand Syrians fought te the death in the Circus Maximus. They were your prisonerse
11) 29) dialog: Qbere’s no drama in\ death unless youtre afraid of it) clk A (pointing) Oh} They're nagnifitentt a" a
11) 34) text: Crassus and Glabrus are seating themselves. At no tine th this anc the successive fight scenes does Cressus pa est attention to the gl ators, or their contest. ither he engaged in conversati th Glabrus, or devoting his attenti thoughtful = iuy ef ileamvhile, the youns women, shepherded Oy Saviatus Marcellus, pace slowly ealons the perimeter of the cases; ir eyes filled with pleasure the sight of so many suport ie physiques.
12) 2) dialog: (wry amusement, o.3,) Ah] An eavesdropper! CAMERA NOW PULLS BACK tp reveal:
12) 7) dialog: (continuing; as he adjusts the wreath) How far from Rome must I go to avoid that cunning face?
12) 18) text: (1ifting her skirts slightly) If her ankles ere good, you may be sure an arrengement was made. Crassus has his eyes directly on Varinia's face. She flar red, With cautious aim, she drops her tray squarely on Gl head, spattering him with wine.
12) 36) text: My first master had me tutored for his children. Crassus nods, turns to Batiatus,
12) 37) dialog: I like her, ‘She has spirit. I'11 puy her. 1 Varinia steres at Crassus unbelievingly.
12) 53) dialog: rt for her, and I feet spoiled by walk- to me with your a next trip to Rome. I've no transp don't want her ing. Send her steward on his
12) 57) dialog: Why distress me'50?
12) 59) dialog: I was saving it for a better time. Give 1t to him, a Helena stares at the badge] passes it to Claudia who does Wise and hands it to Glabrus. Crassus watches thein keenl j CONTINUED
12) 67) dialog: {to Cldudia) As of this morent, your husband is Commander of the Garrison of Rome,
12) 69) dialog: (faint gmile) Time will solvd that mystery.
12) 72) text: Batlatus enters to group} bows, hands Crassus a silver wh
14) 15) text: #1888 ~ Changes 3/5/59 53 ; (x)! CONTINUED 1o4 |) CRASSUS t I fought fire with oil. I purchased the senate behind his back. (indicates badge) Use it well. You've no idea how many millions it cost. (suddenly grim) Nor how deeply the senate will regret its easy virtue before I'm through.
14) 22) text: Crassus, a brave man who has faced death so many times th neither fears it nor Cver—saitae life, sits immobile, pro absorbed in what is happenilng. Helena, her eyes wide wit horror, cowers behind him. } Glabrus' reacticn 1s one of lation, excitement. Claudija has risen as if to flee, Var in b.g. watches the approa of Draba with a prayer in her for his safe arrival at the box, and for the success of t deadly enterprise he there will carry through.
14) 27) text: Batiutus hides behind it. |Glabrus leaps in alarm to his Crassus moves not a muscle Chill as steel, utterly fascin by the possibilities, he watches the approach of Draba. C trying to get out of the box, stumbles, falls and SCREAMS ANOTHER ANGLE - INCLUDING x AND DRABA q1i Guards rushing UP on lim in b.g. Draba, the two spears st sticking in his back, makes a final lunge. His hands gras the edge of the box. His dyes glare up at the occupants,
14) 35) text: fect is instantaneous (again as ~- but he was dead before _the'reflex action.af death was of the corrida severs the spinal 11.) The great African, like his -wisible, | -—~ ile ANOTHER ANGLE - OCCUPANTS OF BCX 112 staring at Drabe's 0.8, body. Crassus wipes the tip of hi knife on @ cushion to clean it, and replaces 1t in his be He turns, smiles with faint contempt at Helena.
14) 36) dialog: Well, child «+ has your ardor some- what cooled?
14) 52) dialog: He died rather well, I thought. He takes Helena's arm. They start OUT of the box behind Glabrus , Claudia already being under way.
14) 54) text: #1888 ~ Changes 2/24/59 53-0 ANOTHER ANGLE - CRASSUS, HELENA, VARINIA 1i4 As Crassus pesses a few feet in front of Varinia, he paus gazes at her intently. Varinia, pale and straight, stares back at him. Crassus bows, Then he turns and EXITS. Varin gives no sign of recognizing his gesture, or even of havi seen him. Eatiatus APFEARS behind her, peering simidly ov the rear of the box. He sees that the danger has passed - with it, his guests. He rises, starts off after them, his voice piteous.
22) 8) text: In the midst of this burnt-cut desolation, we see the two middle-aged Roman captives, stripped down to loincloths, bleeding, exhausted, slowly circling each other with kniv while slaves prod them on with lighted torches, spears an sword=tips, HOOTING and JEERING. In the balcony from whic Crassus viewed the fight and killed Draba, sits Crixus, surrounded by others of his comrades. They are enjoying t affair immensely.
25) 26) text: OTHO i! The Garrison broke up a feast of the college of sausage-makers last night. GRACCHUS . . (instantly interested} They did, eh? Tell me more. OTHO f They said from now on we'll have to I held our assemblies outside the city ; walls. ! ver GRACCRUS (nodding thoughtfully) ) This Crassus moves fast. I'll look ! into it. ty f
25) 132) text: 203 #1888 - Changes 3/16/59 78 INT, PATIO - cassusy/Siice — 28 201 As Crassus ARRIVES,° the Najordoma whom we have seen at_t slave market bows low in Zreeting, halT-a=dozen minet hou dignitaries behind him.
25) 133) dialog: Send a courier vo the palace of Marcus Glabrus. I wish him to attend me at once. .
25) 137) dialog: cellent, (sees something off) What have we here?
25) 140) dialog: who is shy as an animal in new surroundings, and filled w the shame of his condition. Crassus looks keenly into his eyes.
25) 141) dialog: Your name?
25) 143) dialog: (gently correcting him) Antoninus, master.
25) 150) dialog: Do you have a skill, Antoninus?
25) 152) dialog: (thoughtfully) A poet.... nods) You'll be my body servant. (to majordomo) instruct him. He shoots a final keen glance at Antoninus, and EXITS,
25) 155) dialog: Are you on guard duty? Glabrus, startled, whirls; then advances eagerly to his p
25) 162) dialog: (softly) 7 And you? Do you think I made you commander of the garrison to control some rock-patch on Vesuvius? (sternly) No! It was to control the streets of Rome herself!
25) 164) dialog: Under whose command?
25) 166) dialog: Oh excellent, excellent. Finding Gracchus in control of the mob and the senate, you felt impelled to hand the garrison over to him also,
25) 172) dialog: The great disadvantage of being an aristocrat is that occasionally you're obliged to act like one. You have pledged the senate to go s—_u— go you must.
25) 176) dialog: (softly) The legions? Do you truly believe I'd order my legions to enter Rome?
25) 178) dialog: No man has to do a thing if he wills differently! Are you not aware of Rome's most ancient law that no gen- eral may enter the city at the head of his armed legions?
25) 187) dialog: To the infamy of his name. To the utter damnation of his line. No, Glabrus. One day I shall cleanse this Rome which my fathers bequeathed me. I shail restore 411 the tradi- tions that made her great. It follows that I cannot come to power --- or even defend myself --- by an act which betrays the most sacred tradition of them all. I will not bring my legions within these walls. I will not violate Rome at the mo- ment of possessing her.
25) 189) dialog: Gol Prepare your troops at once. March out of the city tonignt. Leave by unfrequented streets and without fanfare, Without even a drum. Sneak out,
25) 191) dialog: And remember there's nothing more horrible than a slave war, It's as if the world of beasts first began to think and then went mad. Please go. He turns and EXITS. Glabrus, utterly bewildered, moves to the exlt that gives onto the forecourt,
26) 7) dialog: No, Master.
26) 9) dialog: Do you lie?
26) 11) dialog: Have you ever dishonored the gods?
26) 13) dialog: Po you refrain from these vices out of respect for the moral virtues?
26) 20) dialog: Do you eat oysters?
26) 23) dialog: Do you consider the eating of oysters to be moral, and the eating of snails to be immoral?
26) 27) dialog: An appetite has nothing to do with ef! morals, has it?
26) 29) dialog: (to servant) I'm finished. One servant assists him from the tub, while another swath him completely in a deep-pile towel. Crassus, paying them no heed, centinues to keep his eyes on Antoninus, and add him throughout the above action, i
26) 30) dialog: Therefore no appetite is immoral, is it? It's merely different,
26) 36) dialog: My robe, Antoninus, Antoninus slowly approaches his master, unfolds the robe, holds it forth for him. As the towel is removed, the robe replaces it.
26) 37) dialog: My appetite includes both snails and oysters. A servant has now placed soft white kid sandals on his fe Without a word to anyone, Crassus turns and EXITS into hi bedchamber.
27) 1) dialog: Antoninus!
27) 3) dialog: Come here, Onto the baicony. There's something you must gee.
27) 5) dialog: Down there.
27) 7) dialog: There, you see Reme. The might, the majesty, the terror ef Rome. fs ww ‘214 ya)
27) 16) dialog: There is the power that bestrides the known world, iike a colossus. No nation can withstand Rome. No. man can withstand her. And how much Tess - a boy. He clasps both of his hands tightly against the balcony r ing, continues,
27) 17) dialog: (boy edges toward : end of belcony) There's only one way to deal with Rome, Antoninus. You must serve her. You must abase yourself before her. You mst grovel at her Peet. Silently Antoninus, with a frantic backward look, scrambl onto the balcony ledge, jumps, DISAPPEARS below into the SOUND of marching feet covers all SOUNDS of his landing, any outery.
27) 18) dialog: You must love her. (smiles to himself) Isn't that true, Antoninus? When he receives no answer, he turns. His face goes white as he confronts the empty balcony, He turns, rushes into bed chamber.
27) 19) dialog: Antoninus! Antoninus!
28) 69) dialog: What sort of man is this slave who (x) calis himself Spartacus? GLABRUS (x) (embarrassed ) I was blindfolded. I saw none of them.
28) 70) dialog: After he finished talking to you -- {X) what then happened?
28) 72) dialog: How many of your command escaped?
28) 74) dialog: Did you surround your camp with moat and stockade?
28) 76) dialog: Continue. ’ GLABRUS (softly) They were slaves.
28) 82) dialog: {softiy) Ah. Slaves, Did they fight well?
28) 84) dialog: (turns to senate as a whole) I submit that Publius Marcus Glabrus has disgraced the arms of Rome. Let the punishment of the senate be pronounced. Glabrus squares his shoulders and manfully waits for the blow to fall. Crassus resumes his seat. Gracchus stirs, wakens, casts a sharp look at Glatrus, and then at Crassu The eyes of the whole senate are now covertly watching Cr like the eyes of those at a funeral who peer incessantly the chief mourner for signs of grief. Crassus’ face revea nothing. He might be sitting in the privacy of his own sa Gracchus COUGHS, rises.
28) 94) dialog: (quietly) The punishment is well known: let Glabrus be interdicted from fire, water, food and shelter for a dis- tance of four hundred miles in ali directions from the city of Rome,
28) 96) text: uw There is a rising NURIUR of admiration that @rassus, who have imposed a lesser sentence upon his protege, refused go. Glabrua' face goes white, Crassus continues standing.
28) 97) dialog: One thing more, (instant silence) Publius ‘larcus Glabrus is my friend. I will not dissociate myself from his disrrace, I now lay down my cormand of the legions of Italy and return to private life. He looks strairht at Glabrus, who raises his head ana gaz into the proud face of his patron, Judge, and friend. Gla bows stiffly to the senate, executes a smart right turn, for the senate exit, Crassus, from his position in the be turns and slowly advances to the exit, where he joins the ing Glabrus, and they move into the vestibule together. T are followed by five or six other senators of Crassus' pa Their exit is carried out in silence, seve for the stir o shifting bodies, the rustle of robes as the senators nod gesticulate to each other, or softly whisper. As soon as withdrawal is ronplete, the WHISPERS rise to a vague BABB Gracchus rema‘ns standing. This exit should be intereut w a CLOSE or two of Gracchus, watching the whole display wi amusement, disgust, and scorn, He rises slowly to his feet, looks about - room ‘far a mo to attract their attention before berinning iesresi. x GRACCHUS A aF ar ~ N ah
28) 103) text: i This sort of heroic public behaviour } is nothing new. I've seen it before, as we all have, and I know the mean- ing of it. 2k8-c INT, SENATE VESTIBULE - MED, SHOT - CRASSUS , 248-c His supporters in b.g. Crassus has frozen to attention as listens to the insulting words of an enemy he cannot and mot answer in kind; but the look of cold anger in his eye is a threat of death itseif.
29) 25) dialog: Good day. They all turn to face Crassus, who regards them with cool ability. His slim, muscular torso is bare. A towel secure around his waist extends down somewhat below his knees, H passes into their midst like the aristocrat he 1s -- cool courteous, aloof. While they mutter their respectful gree Crassus gives a slight bow, turns and takes Caesar's arm.
29) 26) dialog: (a continuance of his previous speech) I need a moment of the commander's time. Will you excuse us? He assumes the affirmations they instantly give. He and S move OFF together, Crassus! arm still on the younger man'
29) 32) dialog: {casually) Let's have a stroll in the tepidar- ium. Private conversations should always be conducted in the most public fashion.
30) 0) text: This is broad, richly decorated marble gallery, decorated mosaics and statuary, fully equinped with upholstered mar benches, floor mats, small serving tables, ete. Through e in all four directions one may go to the cold plunge, the plunge, the hot baths, or the steam and massage rooms, Cl ed in groups all through the expansive apartment are Roma nitaries in various stages of undress, attended by wine-b masseurs, etc. Crassus and Caesar ENTER the tepidarium to move side by side into the central promenade.
30) 1) text: Crassus, who his great reserves of personal charm, who ca as warm in his relations with others as he can be chill a aloof, chooses at this moment to turn his better side to younger man.
30) 4) dialog: And feasted 11,000 plebians in the Field of Mars.
30) 6) dialog: For two hundred years your family and mine have been of the equestrian order 1 and the patrician party -- servants ‘ and rulers of Rome. Why have you left us for @Gracchus and the mob?
30) 12) dialog: (quietly) No, Rome is an eternal thought in the mind of God.
30) 14) dialog: It doeen't matter, If there were no gods at ali I'd revere them, If there were no Rome, I'd dream of her, As I went you to do. (simply) Tt want you to come back to your own kind. I beg you to.
30) 16) dialog: Both,
30) 19) dialog: Which 1s worse-~ to betray s friend, or to oetray Home?
30) 24) dialog: You will. Sooner than you think. ! (Impatiently) Tell me frankly --- if you were I, t would you take the field against Spartacus?
30) 26) dialog: But why?
30) 38) dialog: (under breath) Your new master. They turn, move toward: ANOTHER ANGLE - GRACCHUS AND GROUP - CAESAR AND CRASSUS e
30) 50) dialog: Cthoughtfakiy | Apture.iy. But kare you thought what oy service: pay 2pet.
30) 55) dialog: My election as consul, command of all Italian legions, and abolition of senatorial authority over the courts. Gracchus casts a keen glance at Caesar, almost a triumpha then peers across to Crassus. He chuckles.
30) 58) dialog: order. (he rises) Let me know if the terms are accept- able.
30) 60) dialog: For the present. Times change, gen- erally for the worse. And sce does the Senate. On that day I shall be (x) ready. (bows to Caesar) Convey my respects to your wife. (x) I
30) 193) dialog: I promise you a new Rome, a new Italy, a new empire, I promise the destruction of the slave army and the restoration of order throughout our territories. I promise the living body of Spartacus for such punishment as you deem fit. That =-- or his heed. This I vow by the bonea of 2il my forefathers. This I have sworn in the temple of my fathers. He inclines his head slightly, indicating termination of address, A TREMENDOUS OVATION ensures. Crassus crosses th Platform, and, behind a wedge of guards, starts to penetr the dense mass of citizenry that crowds the steps,
31) 18) text: (quietly) i You want these slave to win. GRACCHUS i I want the Republic to survive. H In my opinion it can't survive if i Crassus comes to power, You're still { young. Later on you'll learn to - i accept the truth even when it's | ugly -- and it generally is. 4
31) 21) dialog: Having, as I hope, struck 4 note of caution in your hearts, I ask you now to return to your commands.
31) 25) dialog: I'm not after glory, I'm after Spartacus. And gentlemen «--- TI mean to have him. However, the object of this campaign is not : alone to kill Spartacus -~-it is f to kill the legend of Spartacus p as well. New battle orders will : reach you within the hour, Only now and only if we make no mistakes -- do I look forward to this battle with a certain confidence. (bow) You' may go,’ gentlemen.
31) 27) dialog: He observes their departure for an instant, ‘Then he resu his seat, and begins at once to run through his maps and ders,
31) 29) dialog: Admit him.
31) 30) text: BATIATUS ENTERS . (x) A swift spasm of disgust passes across Crassus' face. Crassus leans back in his chair, touches the fingertips o two hands, and stares thoughtfully ahead as Batiatus ENTE The lanista is travel-worn and shabby, but filled, as alw with the urgent joy of selfw{abasement, He moves swiftly Crassus, bobbing and bowling like a cork’ on troubled wat
31) 32) dialog: (studying him coldly) I am glad you could find the time. Sit down. Crassus smiles, nods his head ruefully.
31) 34) dialog: I wish you to give me a physical description of Spartacus.
31) 40) dialog: I remember the Negro.
31) 42) dialog: And yet, I cannot visualize Spartacus. How many, many times that must have happened before in history. The man and the moment =. both at hand -- and no one with the wits to see it. What does Spartacus look like?
31) 44) dialog: It 1s a matter of importance to every man who loves Rome and wishes to set her strong.
31) 46) dialog: (dryly) Name it.
31) 48) dialog: I appoint you agent for the sale of all survivors. in return you will remain here until after the battle, and aid me in identifying Spartacus.
31) 52) dialog: Have no fear on that account,
31) 54) dialog: (sternly) Sit downl You remain with us until we have Spartacus.
31) 56) dialog: Tomorrow you will pass through the battlefield and identify Spartacus for me.
31) 58) dialog: {a smile) In such circumstances, I have no doubt you will be helping him. (calls out) Guard APPEARS instantly.
31) 63) dialog: This fellow stays with us till the battle is over, Take him away.
31) 79) dialog: Has an estimate been made of the dead?
31) 85) dialog: Uni. They have now entered an area which contains many bodies women. Crassus looks at them. —, CRASSUS Women.....animals. CAMERA CONTINUES TRUCKING BRIEFLY with him. We may, at th point, observe in begs (but not identify) Batiatus, back camera and under guard, bending over corpses in his task identification. Crassus suddenly comes up short as his shocked eyes beholds
31) 87) dialog: staring down at the dead lovers, In b.g. we see officers exchanging puzzled glances. They perceive nothing extraor in the sight that compels their general's most painful at Crassus, however, senses in this dead couple a menace, a a threat, that suddenly mekes his victory taste like ashe
31) 88) dialog: (auistiy) Horrible.
31) 91) text: #1888 - Changes 5/4/59 isu 323 CRASSUS (cont'd) {to officers ) I've never seen a sight like this on a battlefield. (glances at bodies again) It's rather -~- remarkable. (to officers) Observe them well and remember them, If this can be called love, and if it is permitted to thrive among slaves, I can think of nothing more dangerous to the state. (pauses -- then, impatiently) Nothing about this battle pleases me! (starts out again, pauses, turns to them) How many prisoners were taken? OFFICER (x} Between two and three thousand thus far. We are still bringing them in. They're in quite bad condition.
31) 94) dialog: All of them. I'm going to make certain nothing like this -- (indicates whole battlefield) -- ever again mars the history of Rome.
31) 101) dialog: (to guard; ignoring him) Where was this hero last night?
31) 104) dialog: What affliction?
31) 106) dialog: You did.
31) 108) dialog: You promised me Spartacus and have. not delivered him. I promised you! the survivors and there will be no survivors, Last night I did not know what I should encounter on this battlefield todey. Now that I have seen it, all private agreements must yielG before che stern necessities of the Roman State and people.
31) 122) dialog: x) | ( i i He, too, recognizes her; he gazes at her with the most pr found interest.
31) 129) dialog: q Don't be afraid of me, ’ VARINIA Itm not.
31) 130) dialog: You are the woman of Spartacus?
31) 132) dialog: And where is Spartacus? A cold mask settles over her face.
31) 134) text: * CRASSUS . é (calmy, quietly) ' j : You're lying. It shows in your 1 eyes, Tell me the truth. Where . : is Spartacus?
31) 137) dialog: Did you see him killed?
31) 142) text: 326 © CONTINUED - 2 306 (x) Crassus turns from her instantly.
31) 143) dialog: (to officer) i Convey this woman and her child to | my house in Rome,
31) 145) text: Yes, sir. (takes her erm) | Come along. Crassus' eyes remain on her retreating figure for a long moment after she has left the scene, Then he turns to an officer, :
31) 146) dialog: How many females have we taken?
31) 150) dialog: Do with them what you will, The . ' woman and her ehild remain with me. He strides off, Batiatus stumbling piteously after bim.
31) 198) text: Looking at Antoninus, others, his eyes moving almost wild from face to face, unable for the moment, to comprehend t full significance of what they are doing. : 328-M MED. SHOT ~ THE OFFICER 328-m Frozen in his saddle, his face suddenly drawn and pale wi rage, he kicks hig horse, wheels, starts at a gallop back ; toward the crest of the hill and the intent, watchful f of Crassus who awaits him there,
32) 0) text: Batiatus. A line of prisoners is in the scene, they are chained and manacled, bearded, their faces covered with f and bleod. Among them, Spartacus and Antoninus. Batiatus starts violently as he recognizes Spartacus. Spartacus, a of the recognition, gives him a terrible glare of warning hatred. Batiatus rushes to Crassus.
32) 1) text: Present are Crassus and his staff; guards and other offic
32) 7) dialog: I am no longer interested in Spartacus, I want him dead and forgotten, I want his name and his rebellion and his defeat and his death erased from the minis of men forever,
32) 9) dialog: Flog this scoundrel out of camp!
32) 19) dialog: {without glancing back) -.-8long with his friend.
32) 26) dialog: Come here. She does, He touches the shawl. CRASSUS. Why do you hide your dress? . (x) Varinia removes shawl, tosses it aside,
32) 27) dialog: That's better, The embroidery alone took two years of a woman's life. You should respect the work of slaves and wear it proudly. He takes from the table a massive and magnificent necklac Places it around-her throat, stands back to admira the ef
32) 33) dialog: It once belonged to a queen of Persia.
32) 35) dialog: In time it'll turn light as a feather, (indicating table} Please sit down. Obediently she sits. Crassus takes a plate, begins to pok amongst the delicacies.
32) 36) dialog: Have some squab in honey? (putting itona pete) You'll enjoy it. And a bit o pineapple. (places it before her) And wine, of course. She remains perfectly passive while he serves the wine.
32) 37) dialog: (gently) Eat. Obediently she takes a bit of squab, pops it whole into h mouth, begins to masticste. Crassus, serving himself, wat her with amusement and a certain frustration,
32) 38) dialog: I didn't command you to eat, I invited you, varinta continues eating.
32) 39) dialog: Do you find that the richness of your surroundings makes conversation difficult?
32) 41) dialog: A good question. I wish the answer could be as good, as honest. The infant? It thrives?
32) 52) dialog: I purchased a wet-nurse for him to- day. Does her milk agree with him?
32) 54) dialog: I'm not sure I approve, It ties you to your old life, when you should be looking forward to the new,
32) 56) dialog: But you would care if it came to that baby of yours! You would care if it meant the life of that child!
32) 58) dialog: I didn't threaten to kill your child, I'm sorry, Varinia.. (pause) One can't grieve forever,
32) 61) dialog: (wryly amused) You tread the ridge between truth ada insult with the skill of a mountain goat. What do you remember about Spartacus? Varinia thinks a moment.
32) 62) dialog: You don't mind discussing him?
32) 68) dialog: What was he? Was he a god?
32) 70) dialog: (violently) He was an outlaw! A murderer! An enemy of everything fine and decent and good that Rome built. Dam you, tell me why did you love him?
32) 72) dialog: Don't you sae I want to understand ---I must understand, Varinia, watching him, is puzzled for a moment. Then she to discern the heart of the matter. A smile that is almos mockery comes to her face. : :
33) 18) dialog: You may sit if you wish.
33) 20) dialog: I have returned as you foretold, To this holy place. To this temple of Rome, (glance around) . Where even the stones bleed with history. How many kingdoms have died on the spot where now I stand? How many princes and potentates have entered this chamver, cent the knee, and left it slaves? (he pauses} And the shouts that went up! (softiy) Do you hear their voices in this quiet air -«- the echoes of Rome? You do. And a thousand years «=. five” thousand years from now, some other Roman standing in this Roman place will hear them still, (the mood breaks; cold feroxzity) Did you truly think five centuries of Rome could sa easily be delivered into the clutches of a mob? Already six thousand slaves decorate the Appian way. Tomorrew the last of their fellows fight to the death
33) 34) dialog: First. Yet upon you I have no desire for vengeance. Your proper- ties will not be touched. You will retain the rank and title of Roman senator, A farmhouse in Picenum has been provided for your exile. You may take your women with you.
33) 37) dialog: Your followers are a surly lot, but they trust you. I intend for you to speak to them tomorrow, And from time to time thereafter I may find it profitable to bring you back to Rome, You will calm their envious { spirit, You will persuade them to ! accept destiny and trust the gods. : _ You may go. He surns to Symmachus and Laelius who have entered carryi papers and stylus. Paying no more attention to Gracchus,C places the papers on the table, begins to sign decrees. Gracchus moves slowly, ponderously toward the exit into t vestibule, before which Caesar awaits him. . i
33) 67) text: Within twenty-four hours, You're not under arrest. You msy conclude your affairs without interference. Crassus will call for you in the morning. You are to make a speech with him on the Fleld of Mars.
35) 41) dialog: 
36) 0) text: The gates swing open. Cressus on a white charger. Caesar a bey;pass slowly through them, Sentries salute. Here and ‘ there gleam the night fires of the legionaries, with sm groups of men huddied about them. Crassus in the lead, th two commanders ride up to the nearest campfire. The men instantly spring to attention as Crassus addresses them.
36) 1) dialog: Where are the gladiators?
36) 5) dialog: (quietly) I wish to be alone with them. Caesar instantly halts, Crassus continues, CAMERA TRUCKIN with him as he moves very deliberately across tos
36) 6) text: Crassus peers at Antoninus thoughtfully, paying no heed t Spartacus at all. We must remember that this SCENE is the . culmination of Crassus personal problem and of his defe his doubts, his fears. They began on the battlefield when he saw love unto death, and feared it, and ordered the cr fixlons; they increased when ne endesvored te have the he less, hopeless prisoners betray Spartacus to him, and the unenimously refused; lesa than hour ago; in his final sce with Varinia, he has perceived that no power cn earth can her yield to him es a woman --= only as a slave, a mars l body which he happens to own but can never really possess Now, reetiess, filled with forebodings and the most searc interest, he has come outside the gates to seek to enligh the mystery of why slaves behave as the Spartacists have behaved, by confronting a slave who ran away from his own household tc join the rebellion. Quiet, restrained, urgen attentive, and somehow saddened by all that has happened, still seeks his answers. CRASSUS. {almost regretfully)’ Well, Antoninus ~» . . the night {X) passes slowly, doean't it? .
36) 8) text: ; , Antoninus glares at him. Crassus walks over to Sparta CRASSUS — Who are you, gladiator? What is ' ° . your name? G Spartacus doesn't answer.
36) 9) dialog: . (to Centurion) Unchain him, Centurion comes quickly and unchains Spartacus,
36) 10) dialog: Look at me slave. I am the Consul, Marcus Licinius Crassus. Speak when I ask you something. Are you Spartacus? Spartacus looks him straight in the face; doesn't answer. Suddenly, Crassus slaps him viciously across the face.
36) 14) text: —_— ant He Spits full in‘Crassus‘ face. Crassus doesn't react at He is“still held in the terrible spell that this scene ha . thrown over him. He takes a handkerchief from his belt ‘ wipes his face, still Crore at Spartacus, Then he turns away, calls off,
36) 20) dialog: Centurion! (centurion ‘comes forward) Unchain them, Let them fight now, Centurion sets about his task, Caesar moves up to Crassus concerned by the order.
36) 22) dialog: We'll test this myth of slave brother- ‘hood, They will fight for me atd now, and to the death, and the victor as be crucified. Activity shots. Cirele of torchbearers forming; Spartacus and Antoninus being unchained; circle of spears forming; Crassus watching coldly. In the.course of. them; MED. CLO SHOTS - PEE TAUES AND ees : o
36) 34) text: mdz 366 thru 366-5 367 368 369 370 371 372 2888 ~ Changes 6/15/59 169 WIDER ANGLE - THE TWO ” 366 thru They now begin to fight, cunningly, warily, circling, 366 waiting for some fatal weakness in the other, REVERSE {X) ANGLE, CRASSUS' POINT OF VIEW. The two gladiators are en. gaged in a rushing fury of action, .
36) 48) dialog: He, too, knows he has seen something he would never other have believed; he has seen the terrible power and determi tion of the love which he first recognized on the battlef as the deadliest, most constant, and most fatal enemy of Now he moves forward slowly, CAMERA TRUCKING with him to:
36) 50) dialog: Spartacus, the image of death, his eyes wide with horror hate, arrives before the Dictator of Rome, carrying Anton He extends the body, as if offering it to Crassus.
36) 52) text: Crassus glances at the body of Antcninus, loolke in Spart face, and turns aside. He starts off, leaving Spartacus ( staring after him, still holding the murdered body of Ant Suddenly, however, he turns back.
36) 53) dialog: . What do you think Spartacus would say if he knew that the woman Yarinia and her child now live in my household -~- as my slaves? The look of pure horror, of utter agony and anguish that suffuses'Spartacus' face, tells Crassus that which, until now, he could not be certain of.
36) 61) dialog: Yes --~ you are Spartacus. (pause) Great enemies become almost necessary to one another, And when one of them dies the other's great purpose in life dies with him, {pause - to Centurion) Crucify him. Guards seize him fiercely from behind, drag him OUT of SC Crassus stares down for a moment at the sprawled and life boéy of Antcninus; then silently, forever haunted, he tur and moves back toward the campfires and his horse, Caesar following.
36) 62) dialog: Walking alone, Caesar behind; a look of brooding, of haun memory forever engraved upon his consciousness. He comes to his horse, silent takes the reins, mounts it. Caesar d likewise. The two ride off together through the night tow the Applian Gate,
36) 63) text: Crassus, stiff in his saddle, his face sombre, stares straight ahead, his horse at a walk. Caesar, riding besid him, has the opportunity to examine his superior's face keenly.
36) 64) dialog: (staring ahead) I want no grave for him, no marker. Have his body burnt and his ashes scattered in secret. Long silence, while Caesar regards him,
36) 71) dialog: _ (nods; voice soft) Yes, my dear Caesar --- you. 173 thru
36) 81) text: We do not see any crosses from this ANGLE, The gate 1s cl Just outside the gates, which have, of course, a guard de early~comers to Rome have assembled, waiting for the gate open and the commerce of the new day to begin, The whole of the scene, and the attitudes of those who wait, should one of placidity, of patient, waiting inactivity. A teams his wagon loaded high with squashes, arrives before the g as we come into the SHOT, Already there are half a dozen Slaves in charge of their master, a small merchant. They laid aside their burdens, and are sitting on the ground b them, resting. A farmer dozes in the seat of his ox-cart, the ox dozes too. An elderly rich man, seated in his seda chair which has been lowered to the ground by its slave-b (who squat beside 1t on their haunches) kills the time by peeling and eating a banana. | 1 BUGLE inside gate RINGS out, Outside guards come to atten Baggage slaves stir, resume their loads, Slave-bearers li their master's litter. The gates slowly open, revealing o on the inside similarly waiting for exit from the city, T traffic of people and vehicles begins to move in both dir dons through the gate. a Centurion with two or three legi des to assist him, checks, either by direct questioning, swift visual search, each person and vehicle. Rome is sti under the military after Crassus! take-over,