0) 48) dialog: Antoninus singse DAYID
0) 55) dialog: Spartacus decides te march DAVID on Rome instead of taking DIONYSIUS ships. OFFICER !
2) 0) text: | Se. 258, A, B, C, D, E, G Spartacus catches Crixus stealing supplies.
2) 7) dialog: 
3) 3) dialog: 
3) 15) dialog: 
4) 25) dialog: Se. 217 thru 220 AVID
4) 284) text: i Spertnne’ grip a on the sword, he hesitates, then leaps forward, thrusts viciously with his sword. The routine of fight has been worked out elsewhere in detail. It is simp demonstration of the trained gladiator's marvellous skili only in evading injury and defending himself with a dagge Fouls the long sword, but also his ability to inflict ter damage on his opponent - Marcellus only pricks the wildly ing Spartacus with his dagger, but each tiny skin-break c a death blow. Most of the punishment he administers with feet, kmees, hips, his free fist, or the broad edge of hi which finally chops down across the back of Spartacus! ne am axe. i Panting, bleecing, exhausted, and now stunned, Spartacus at Marcellus’ feet. Marcellus looks down at him contemptu then nods to the guards. Guards come forward; one retriev sword that has failen from Spartacus’ hand; the other hau to his feet, snaps the chain to his collar. As the guard leases him, Spartacus, conscious out practically paralyze begins to sag. CRIXUS, the slave next to him, a young man thirty with the fierce eyes of a hawk, takes Spartacus! a keep him on his feet. Without a second glance at his vict Marcellus turns to the others.
5) 9) dialog: (disgustedly) Dionysius, you slways talk too much. You?ll get us all in trouble... . 5 _ just like in the mines. Spartacus, who has been listening intently, walks over to Dreba.
8) 43) dialog: Crixus fights like a tiger, his eyes gleaming with an exc ment that has turned to hatred. He feints, retreats, thru trips his opponent, lunges the sword against his breast. guard rushes IN. He points to the smudge on the fallen ma breast.
11) 11) dialog: (strangely) To the death « vs {looks at Spartacus ) Whet if they matched you and me?
13) 0) text: It ia dark inside the shed. |They sit in silence, DRUMS 0 Draba is stern and impassive Spartacus watches him covert as one has the right to watch his future murderer. Crixus @lares fiercely straight ahead. Galino is completely wrap in his thoughts. There is ngthing to say, nothing to do b walt for the fatal SOUND of the WHISTLE. WHISTLE BLOWS, A freeze. Door swings open. Marcellus APPEARS in bright sha of sunlight, Guards behind him.
22) 8) text: In the midst of this burnt-cut desolation, we see the two middle-aged Roman captives, stripped down to loincloths, bleeding, exhausted, slowly circling each other with kniv while slaves prod them on with lighted torches, spears an sword=tips, HOOTING and JEERING. In the balcony from whic Crassus viewed the fight and killed Draba, sits Crixus, surrounded by others of his comrades. They are enjoying t affair immensely.
22) 30) dialog: (angrily) I want to see their blood --- {points} , ---right over there whers Dreba 1 diedi ;
27) 27) dialog: Give me a thousand more like them and we can march on Home! Spartacus LAUGHS, rides on.
27) 66) text: aoe SPARTACUS Ah! Magic, We need all the magic we can find up here. {to crowd) Maybe he can make the Romans dis- appear. {back to Antoninus) If youtre going to stay here you'll have to learn something useful. Patulus will teach you to be a 0 butcher. Crixus will teach you to kill with the short sword. We want men here ~--- not poets? He turns away from them, EXITS. Antoninus is still flushe embarrassment and anger. - |. DISSOLVE To
27) 68) text: ! CRIXUS, SUCH OTHERS AS ARE NEEDED - NIGHT fy t ANTONINUS By Each of you take an egg and hold it. i He hands an egg to David, to Varinia, and to Spartacus. SPARTACUS s (ami ling) 3 Thanks. I haven't had an egg in days, |
27) 130) dialog: {raining kicks on moaning figure) You ceward of a house slave! Spartacus arrives IN SCENE, touches Crizxus' arm. ©
28) 0) text: Present are Spartacus, David, Crixus, otners. They are systematically going through chests, papers, ete
28) 25) text: Crixus EMERGES, clad in plumed helmet, cloak and breastpl
28) 37) dialog: (fiercely) There's only one thing to do with 4 Roman -~ kill himi
28) 130) dialog: We hitve got to stop taking everybody i that comes along. SPARTACUS . f We can't stop. How can we decide who to take and who to leave behind?
28) 131) dialog: But they'll kold us back.
28) 134) dialog: You can’t train an army and fight Romans at the same time.
30) 76) text: excitement. Crixus turns in his saddle, SHOUTS te those b
30) 81) dialog: The seal The sea! The cry is taken up instantly, welling louder and louder. The adveice guerds flow past their lesders and camera.
30) 87) dialog: In two weeks we'll all be eboard ship!
30) 132) text: te oe j 7 CRE 3 i Then we!te_: marched f the length ee 4 } f ED sy of Italy for nbtt mi pie DIONYSIUS i (to Crixus) What would you have had ug do? Wale Stand still at Vesuvius?
30) 146) dialog: Mareh om Rome!
30) 160) dialog: When do we march?