2) 9) dialog: 
3) 6) dialog: 
3) 16) dialog: 
5) 2) dialog: You did the right thing. Every once ina while Marcellus likes to kill a@ man as an example. I think he's picked you. Watch out for him.
5) 4) dialog: David.
5) 6) dialog: Six months.
8) 86) dialog: (quietly) He's right. Spartacus turns his head. David the Jew is just unwinding from his middle torse a dirty, fringed, rectangular cloth He touches it to his lipa, folds it carefully, places it side hin.
8) 88) dialog: A tilluth. A prayer shawl.
8) 90) dialog: (1fes down on back) i was a rabbi.
8) 92) dialog: 4 teacher. Some might call me a priest. <I teach the law of the one true God. Jehovah. Spartacus considers this frowningly for a moment.
11) 2) dialog: Spartacus, there's going to be a a" fight to the death,
11) 4) text: {to David) How do you know?
11) 5) dialog: I heard Marcellus tell one of the guards. There 1s a long moment of silence.
11) 10) dialog: I don't know,
18) 1) text: (x) |} He stands about fifth in line from those who are receivin food from the women. Spartacus! eyes, with growing alarm, among the women. Third man behind him is Gannicus. Ahead is David the Jew. -
18) 12) text: thr A dozen faces, including those of Gannicus ane David,star at the sudden UPROAR, then excitedly join it.
27) 30) dialog: Here on Vesuvius we're safe from attack while we organize ourselves into an army. It may take six months, it may take a year, we don't know, Once we're strong enough, we're going to fight our wey south to the sea, We're going to arrange for ships with Cilicians, . Then the sea will be a road homs for us all, If you agree, you may join us. If you don't agree ~-~go back before your escape is discovered,
27) 68) text: ! CRIXUS, SUCH OTHERS AS ARE NEEDED - NIGHT fy t ANTONINUS By Each of you take an egg and hold it. i He hands an egg to David, to Varinia, and to Spartacus. SPARTACUS s (ami ling) 3 Thanks. I haven't had an egg in days, |
27) 69) text: i You may not have one yet. Some-~ i } times there are chicks inside. ' j (to Varinia) . Crack yours open. Carefully. She cracks her egg; opens it; a tiny yellow canary cheeps out onto her finger, takea wing. General: astonishment. V laughs. il a ANTONINUS a J (te David)
27) 79) dialog: Maybe we'd better go on to the songs. :
28) 0) text: Present are Spartacus, David, Crixus, otners. They are systematically going through chests, papers, ete
28) 2) dialog: The Commander's baton. Spartacus makes a little face, thrusts it inside his belt Antoninus, bearing the stains and bruises of battie, HNTE
28) 129) dialog: Don't forget our numbers have doubled.
28) 142) dialog: Wheat can we do, Spartacus?
30) 92) dialog: He hasn't even reacned Luceria yet. We're a-full month ahead of himé nods with satisfaction, turns to @ subordinate.
30) 113) dialog: For wine you have to go to Acquitania. Sweetest grapes on earth.
30) 142) dialog: We couldn't sail the ships if we L took them. For that we'd need 4 sailors. :
30) 158) dialog: We'll he caught hetween them.
30) 162) dialog: (gestures toward the outside SOUNDS of jubilation) Listen to them out there, What will we tell them?
31) 75) text: Utter silence. A nightmare landscapsof dead animals, dead men, dead women, thousands upon thousands of them, extend as far as the eye can see in this dim light -- the field death, silent, lost, breathless. Although historians diff on the number of slave and Roman dead at the Battle of th Silarus River, it seems clear that between fifty and a hu thousand lay on the battlefield. It is a field of death, tending as far as the CAMERAS eye can penetrate. Amidst the awesome litter of war we observe smashed bagga wagons, tattered remnants of tents, shattered arms and sn The arms and iegs of dead horses, males, men, women, chil convulsively up-thrust like columns of cacti against the horizon, impart a grotesque sense of unreality. It seems no breathing thing can possibly exist in this land of dea nor hear amidst this silence. Abandoned by the world, los forever forgotten, frozen in the positions at which death them, the vanquished have at last achieved their dream of freedom and of peace. In the immediate foreground a slave soldier sits erect, h head bowed forward as if in prayer. The shifting balance his congealing body causes him abruptly to topple over si with a shocking THUMP. At this moment our CAMERA begins t TRUCK FORWARD. We see the body of David the Jew, transfix by a. spear through his chest. CAMERA MOVES FASTER -- the and more ewiftly, giving us the impression of passing ups through a swift-flowing river of corpses. SOUND of a GROUP walking o.s. CAMERA PAUSES, seems almost listen, then swiftly SWIVELS TO: