5) 19) dialog: Just stay away from me. Because
8) 46) text: Somewhat dazed, he tries to pick himself up. He has to pa all fours to shake the fog from his brain. Spartacus boun SCENE, offers his hand. Draba, his face expressionless, a the proffered aid. Then, as he almost achieves his feat, gives Spartacus' hand a swift, fierce tug which sends Spa sprawling face forward on the ground. Spartacus twists li cat, starts to rise---to find Draba's sword-tin at hia th He stares up at Draba in shocked surprise, his eyes wide questioning. Draba simple gazes down at him, and holds th at his throat. Marcellus bounds INTO SCENE, followed by B MARCELLUS Wwe MARCELLU. Ve » I told you giadiators have no friends}
8) 55) text: Spartacus rises, casts a furious giance at Draba, starts
8) 75) text: ANOTHER ANGLE ~ TOWARD PCOL - FAVORING DRABA . 1h The tell African is just pulling himself out of the pool. Spartacus spots him, grins, siips up from behind and with
8) 80) text: Draba gives him « scornful lock. With one powerful stroke reaches the edgs of the pool sgain, pulls himself out and faces Spartacus. : {tonele Kiliing’s xe
8) 94) dialog: The true gods are all dead. All lapse into silence.
11) 81) text: Yes, letst | (looks et Draba) I feel so sorry for the poor things in ell this heat. 3 (to Betiatus) Don't put them in those suffocating tunics. Let.them wear---just enough for modesty... s i BATIATUS They'i] fight in loincloths and bless your name.
13) 0) text: It ia dark inside the shed. |They sit in silence, DRUMS 0 Draba is stern and impassive Spartacus watches him covert as one has the right to watch his future murderer. Crixus @lares fiercely straight ahead. Galino is completely wrap in his thoughts. There is ngthing to say, nothing to do b walt for the fatal SOUND of the WHISTLE. WHISTLE BLOWS, A freeze. Door swings open. Marcellus APPEARS in bright sha of sunlight, Guards behind him.
13) 11) text: Slowly to the tench, sits down carefully, stares straight Spartacus and Draba, whose eyes have been fixed on him fr moment of his entry, ex¢hange their first glance with eac Marcellus APPEARS in doorway. ;
14) 22) text: Crassus, a brave man who has faced death so many times th neither fears it nor Cver—saitae life, sits immobile, pro absorbed in what is happenilng. Helena, her eyes wide wit horror, cowers behind him. } Glabrus' reacticn 1s one of lation, excitement. Claudija has risen as if to flee, Var in b.g. watches the approa of Draba with a prayer in her for his safe arrival at the box, and for the success of t deadly enterprise he there will carry through.
14) 27) text: Batiutus hides behind it. |Glabrus leaps in alarm to his Crassus moves not a muscle Chill as steel, utterly fascin by the possibilities, he watches the approach of Draba. C trying to get out of the box, stumbles, falls and SCREAMS ANOTHER ANGLE - INCLUDING x AND DRABA q1i Guards rushing UP on lim in b.g. Draba, the two spears st sticking in his back, makes a final lunge. His hands gras the edge of the box. His dyes glare up at the occupants,
14) 34) text: And then, as Draha's great mS reach out to seize him, he forward between those territfe arms {exactly as a bullfig risks life by bending forwarfi between the horns for the thrust) and deftly inserts she knife into Draba's spinal gust above the shoulder-line Even before the knife 1s wit drawn, Draba is dead. The e in a bulifight when a member eord of a wounded and dying counterpart the bull, curls cbnvalsively into the birth p tion, his nead forward betweeh nis arms, his knees drawn
17) 11) text: Suspended from the erch, in ita precise center, swings th body of Draba. He has been hung by his heels. His wounds erusted over. He wears only a loincloth -- or, if it can discreetly shot, nothing, as the case would actually be. long arms, stiffened now by rigor mortis, seem to clutch at the stone floor, some six inches below their grasp. Th turns slowly from right to left, pauses, and then just as begins to turn in the other direction. ©.S. SOUNDS of tra feet ageinst stone pavement. The gladiators are marching the mess kitchen and their morning meal. SOUND INCREASES volume, until we go to: 4
20) 0) text: Slaves have trapped three or four guards; they drown them the pool; incinerate them against the glowing hot rocks; strangle them in vats of bubbling water, ENTRANCE STEAM ROOM «= THE ARCH - DRABA'S BODY . 137-B An old Crone, with two other women, is cutting the body d They lower it gently, turn it on its back. They begin to a white sheet around it.
20) 8) text: INT, BUILDING - CLOSE SHOT ~ THE BODY OF DRABA 1yo~s | (X)
20) 9) text: The entire structure around Draba's body is a glowing hel fire. Draba has besn placed on a cot, which is his bier. lies stiff and implacable, hands folded on his breast, hi stern, 8s the flemes grow closer, He is an African king o funeral pyre. Flames rise to shut him from sight in a cur
21) 0) text: He walks slowly through the center passageway. Doore hang erazily on their hinges, debris and marks of the fire sre apparent everywhere, Spartacus, moving as in a dream, slo approaches the steps, at the top of which is the arch fro Draba's body was suspended, He pauses, gazes up at it for moment. Only the cut rope remains, Then he turns, retrace his steps to his own cell, He enters the cell,
22) 8) text: In the midst of this burnt-cut desolation, we see the two middle-aged Roman captives, stripped down to loincloths, bleeding, exhausted, slowly circling each other with kniv while slaves prod them on with lighted torches, spears an sword=tips, HOOTING and JEERING. In the balcony from whic Crassus viewed the fight and killed Draba, sits Crixus, surrounded by others of his comrades. They are enjoying t affair immensely.