4) 270) text: ~ = Raa el #1888 ~ Changes 2/10/59 co 15 aT CONTINUED 37 BATIATUS (Cont'd) (pause) Approximately half the graduates of our school live on into their forties. Sceme of them even gain thetr freedom, and become trainers themselves. Eh, Marcellus? {Marcellus leers) A trained gladiator ts like a fine stallion, He must be pampered. You will be bathed and shaved, conditioned and oiled and massaged. (touches Marcellus! (x) cauda) You will be given your caudas. You will be warmly clothed, and your food will be the best money can buy. (smirk) At certain intervals you will even be given the companionship of a girl. (to Marcellus, indi- eating Spartacus) Watch the fifth from the end. He's a Thracian. They were going to kill him for hamstringing a guard, yo i) MARCELLUS } We'll break him of that. .
4) 284) text: i Spertnne’ grip a on the sword, he hesitates, then leaps forward, thrusts viciously with his sword. The routine of fight has been worked out elsewhere in detail. It is simp demonstration of the trained gladiator's marvellous skili only in evading injury and defending himself with a dagge Fouls the long sword, but also his ability to inflict ter damage on his opponent - Marcellus only pricks the wildly ing Spartacus with his dagger, but each tiny skin-break c a death blow. Most of the punishment he administers with feet, kmees, hips, his free fist, or the broad edge of hi which finally chops down across the back of Spartacus! ne am axe. i Panting, bleecing, exhausted, and now stunned, Spartacus at Marcellus’ feet. Marcellus looks down at him contemptu then nods to the guards. Guards come forward; one retriev sword that has failen from Spartacus’ hand; the other hau to his feet, snaps the chain to his collar. As the guard leases him, Spartacus, conscious out practically paralyze begins to sag. CRIXUS, the slave next to him, a young man thirty with the fierce eyes of a hawk, takes Spartacus! a keep him on his feet. Without a second glance at his vict Marcellus turns to the others.
5) 20) text: _4f wetre ever matched out there in the arena, I'm going to have to kill you. Gladiators make no friends, strides out of scene. DISSOLVE To
7) 0) text: In the far b.g. we SEE a twin line of experienced gladiat clad in the uniforms of their profession with the right-a guards, violently feinting and thrusting with wooden swor Trainers watch; guards are in evidence everywhere. There a closer o.s. SOUND OF FEET beating against the earth in In the f.g. we see our newly arrived gladiators working w the blade machine and the mechanical shield-and-mace, Mar 4s in charge, watching them closely. The great blades are sheathed with padded leather; nonetheless they are still to send a man spinning to the earth if he misses a leap, fails on the next turn, to duck and let the blade pass ov him. Spartacus is not in scene. WHISTLE BLOWS, The two machines lumber to a halt. The trainees, their bodies run with sweat, their breath coming in gasps, line up under t prodding of the guards, Marcellus faces them.
8) 30) text: MED, FULL SHOT - TRAINEES 65 j For the first time we see them in the traditional garb of profession. Under the watchful eye of Marcellus, and at t cammand of his WHISTLE, they file by guards to receive, f first time, their leather sword-arm pads. 1 MARCELLUS a Fasten them on so they stay! If } your aword arm's crippled in a matched pair, we have to replace you with a fresh man. That coats money. You've got to take care of yourselves! (blows WHISTLE) . Shape up! E Other WHISTLES blow in other parts of arena; in b.g. we S other gladiators falling into line.
8) 35) text: The two lines charge at a dead run, each man engaging his opposite number as they come to close quarters, In an ins the field becomes a boiling scene of struggle, none the l serious for the fact that the swords are of wood, Basical these men are fighting for their lives, and they take the seriously. f MED, GROUP SHOT - GLADIATORS . 69 j
11) 18) text: The puzzled gladiators are ENTERING the cage. They press toward the rear, compelling those wno follow to assume positions closer to the front. Wo one wishes to be agains the bars, open to public inspection. They peer curiously across to mid-field at the approaching procession.
11) 56) text: selection. Helena and Clgudie have moved a bit away from Batiatus and Mercellus atiatus is holding a soft, inaudib conversation with his tra ner. Helenats eyes wander over several gladiators ineluding Spartacus, then return to Spartacus. Her eyes sweep him from head to toe, then slow back again. ar erene us glares at her--- then insolently inspec in. Batiatus realizes they're about choice, ruehes up to them.
17) 11) text: Suspended from the erch, in ita precise center, swings th body of Draba. He has been hung by his heels. His wounds erusted over. He wears only a loincloth -- or, if it can discreetly shot, nothing, as the case would actually be. long arms, stiffened now by rigor mortis, seem to clutch at the stone floor, some six inches below their grasp. Th turns slowly from right to left, pauses, and then just as begins to turn in the other direction. ©.S. SOUNDS of tra feet ageinst stone pavement. The gladiators are marching the mess kitchen and their morning meal. SOUND INCREASES volume, until we go to: 4
18) 24) text: With a sponteneous ROAR the gladiators rise -~ all their set off by the excitement of this direct conflict between ator and guard. Hot food flies through the air. The room filled with SHOUTS, SCREAMS, IMPRECATIONS, GROANS.
19) 19) text: The house slaves, armed with staves; slave-women brandish knives, pokers, forks, ~- begin to pour INTO the arenas, the gladiators in revolt.
20) 14) text: The guards defending them are all dead. The gates ars slo being pushed outward. THROUGH them the SHOUTING, oheering ing mass of slaves and gladiators already is beginning to EXT. GATES ~ FULL SHOT Ih3" + A triumphant torrent of gladiaters, house-slaves, women, BURSTS THROUGH the gates, and begins to stream into the c side, while behind them towering flames and great columns smoke mark the death of the gladiatorial school of Capua, PRON? OF BATIATUS' HOUSE - FULL SHOT yy Another torrent of slaves BURSTS THROUGH the great front rushes SHOUTING and YELLING through the erchway into the land beyond. FULL SHOT ~ TOWARD CREST OF A LOW HILL Lys | Against the crest, field slaves may be seen, silhoustted work. Cne of them looks off, points: others stop to lock: cluster -- gesticulating excitedly amongst themselves. -
20) 71) text: Good! {to leaders around him) We need wagons, horse find eny, food,-éiat’ f you can < t seHing, all kinds ‘S i of supplies. tnp/aet and find tem, yy We'll meet at the” school 151 FULL SHOT - WIDE ANGLE - EORSEMEN ‘151 Fanning out from the highway through the countryside, spl up into groups of perhaps three or four each. There is re spirit behind this movement; they start their horses out and they pay no attention to obstacles, They conld even Y one to enother, from the sheer pleasure of being free, of ing 4 countrysice that held them so long in bondage. wy wk z GLADIATORS - DAY 152- 154 154 The various smell parties sweep thrjugh abandoned est farmhouses, outbuildings, villas, ney Sweep through over and through woods. Among the specific FLASH SCENES are:
20) 75) text: 1. FLASH - GLADIATORS rush into a chicken-
23) 0) text: The entire establishment is roaring inferno of flames, Be it the YELLING, joyous gladiators, already mounted end ju getting under way, are standing back for Vesuvius,
27) 117) dialog: The Garrison of Rome! They're in the Valleyl
28) 19) dialog: (short laugh) : He was commanding it on his belly when we found him, Playing dead.
36) 8) text: ; , Antoninus glares at him. Crassus walks over to Sparta CRASSUS — Who are you, gladiator? What is ' ° . your name? G Spartacus doesn't answer.
36) 34) text: mdz 366 thru 366-5 367 368 369 370 371 372 2888 ~ Changes 6/15/59 169 WIDER ANGLE - THE TWO ” 366 thru They now begin to fight, cunningly, warily, circling, 366 waiting for some fatal weakness in the other, REVERSE {X) ANGLE, CRASSUS' POINT OF VIEW. The two gladiators are en. gaged in a rushing fury of action, .