10) 0) text: Carved from white marble, Gracchus wears a bland smile. H eyes have a slight leer to them. The brow is crowned with wreath of freshly cut flowers, ‘The bust stands on a marb column in the most prominent part of the atrium. t Ramen rushes in carrying a cloth, skids to a stop, hurls cloth over the offending bust, lifts the bust from its pe starts out with it, pauses indecisively, then rushes OUT
12) 1) dialog: It has been hastily deposited on the floor, only partly c cealed by its covering cilcth. AS we come in on scene Cra hand is delicately flicking the cloth off, revealing the tipped at a rakisn pea its wreath of flowers slipped forw to coneeal the eyes
12) 71) text: Nonsense! The Garrison of Rome . controls the streets, curbs the mob, puts down; civil disorder, and enforces the law. It's the only power in Rome that's strong enough to check-mate Gracchus and the senate,
25) 0) text: Lentulus Gracchus is dining, as he always does, prodigiou Great joints of meat, massive pastries, goblets of wine, stacks of cheese and fruit. In this crowded room he is su rounded by petitioners and politicians, and he obviously his assoclation with them as dearly as he does his food. is a man of universal tastes, of universal likings; a men takes pleasure in every act of his life -- direct, physic Sensual pleasure. Throughout this opening scene he mastic vigorously, drinks deeply, yet never ceases talking, be h mouth full, empty, or merely in the process of being fill
25) 6) dialog: {to a petitioner) It's ‘all arranged. Your permit was drawn up this morning. But only to sell fish, It's not a license to steal.
25) 8) dialog: Anyone couldn't. Only Gracchus. Oo next Well, Marius?
25) 10) dialog: Soon, Soon, we hope, Pirates are still raiding the grain-fleet but we've requisitioned 500 wagon loads from the south.
25) 12) dialog: Two or three hundred bandits don't make a revolt. They've raided a few baggage trains and burnt a house or two, We'll have them all on crosses within the week. Besides, -you shouldn’: spreed rumors.
25) 14) dialog: (thinks, remembers) Yes, Serverus, your poor mother. She'll be released tomorrow. (dryly) : Por the third time. Try to keep her out of fights, and never let her use a club.
25) 25) text: his é bo aa GRACCHUS ' . (to next) ' ) Well! What brings you here, otho? | f In b.g. WE SEE Caesar ENTER the room. He is richly atti 4 thirty years old, a patrician, dissipated, reckless, in ambitious -- and, at the moment, coldly disapproving of t | noisy public place. His eyes swiftly search the room, s Gracchus. He frowns, and, gathering his robe close about } so it shan't get soiled, he movege through the crowded | @ great lord. ey
25) 26) text: OTHO i! The Garrison broke up a feast of the college of sausage-makers last night. GRACCHUS . . (instantly interested} They did, eh? Tell me more. OTHO f They said from now on we'll have to I held our assemblies outside the city ; walls. ! ver GRACCRUS (nodding thoughtfully) ) This Crassus moves fast. I'll look ! into it. ty f
25) 27) text: Caesar comes up to Gracchus, leans down, whispers into th older man’s ear. (NOTE: We shall not name Caesar until th climax of the forthcoming senate scene.) Gracchus makes a face, nods, starts to draw back from the table.
25) 28) dialog: {a sigh) The senate's convening. i {calling to woman i ! slave) ! Woman! Divide a skin of wine among my friends. in {to group) a! At least you'll be enjoying your~ 7 selves. {as he turns away) Don't forget the twelfth precinct assembly tomorrow night.
25) 31) text: Amid a babble of farewells, Gracchus and Caesar EXIT,
25) 43) text: They move toward a carriage. A beggar-woman extends her p to Gracchus. Like everybody else in Rome, she knows his n
25) 45) dialog: (gives her a coin} Remember me in your prayers, grand~ mother. (they continue on; Gracchus looks at Caesar with wise amusement } Don't turn up your nose, young man. I was born on this street.
25) 47) dialog: I didn't, The Forum may be the mind of Rome, but her heart and most of her belly's right down here in the Fourth Werd. I love this street. I might even be willing to die for it. {climbs into carriage) He settles himself. Caesar climbs in beside him. Carriage atarts. . .
25) 48) text: Caesar turns his fastidious eyes from the teeming street Gracchus. .
25) 52) dialog: (cheerfully) Yes -- don't they though? Every mother's son of 'em votes with Gracchus. If I were an ambitious - young aristocrat I'd take a house in this ward. Cultivate these people. Learn from them. They can lift you higher than you think, {inhales deeply) Smell that?
25) 56) dialog: 
25) 58) dialog: You look cheerful enough after yester- day's bad luck,
25) 60) dialog: In the morning you lost 300,900 Sesterces at the races. In the afterncon you were hailed up on charges of adultery with the wife of Callistus.
25) 66) dialog: Technically. In the evening you flogged a committee of creditors, and spent the night brawling in your palace with sixty guests. (pause) This morning you visited your money- lender.
25) 69) dialog: Your money~lender. You've got him scared. (benign smile) I told him your future had the color of goid.
25) 72) dialog: (to Glabrus) Where's the mighty Crassus?
25) 74) dialog: Well, at least you're here. (moves to Caesar) No reason to worry for Rome as long as we've got Glabrus with us. He takes Caesar's arm, and they pass INTO the Senate Cham followed by Glabrus, 191 #1888 - Changes 3/10/59 76
25) 76) dialog: ENTER. The Senate Chamber 1s an apartment of grave and so magnificence, It. 1s a circular room, as if-the speakers' were the crescent apron of a theatre, around which two ro Senators! seats form a semi-circle, Thus, the person who dresses the Senate stands, so to speak, in the midst of i & theatre in the semi-circle rather than in the round. Be the twa rows of Senatorial seats stands a low semi-circul wall, behind which are two rows of seats for guests and s tators. CAMERA TRUCKS with Caesar and Gracchus as they quietly ta their seats in the second Senatorial row, while a speech on. .
25) 80) dialog: (restraining him) Sit down! Don't make a fool of yourself! 193 “194 #1888 - Changes 3/10/59 . 77
25) 84) dialog: {to Laelius) I did not say the whole Garrison. Six echorts will more than do the job. The rest can stay in Rome to save you from your house-maids. (turns to Glabrus) Will you accept such a charge, Glabrus?
25) 89) dialog: Of course it does. (to all) . : Slave hunting's a dirty business, and 4t takes a brave commander to consent to it. I propose that we turn the eity out tomorrow in tribute to Glabrus i as he marches through.
25) 100) dialog: And for temporary commander cf the Garrison during his absence, I propose Caius Julius Caesar.
25) 103) dialog: They start slowly down the steps,
25) 104) dialog: I think you should pay a visit, to the sausage-makers, Tell them to meet wherever they want. (glance) You don't look very happy about the new job.
25) 107) dialog: (shrugs dubiously) Maybe. : “ei
25) 110) dialog: Anything can become serious. Even it the dreams of a man like Crassus. ' That's why I wanted Glabrus out of the way for a while. : (chuckle) 4 You know, most decent Romans love the Republic as 4 mother is loved. But this Crassus wants to marry her!
25) 119) dialog: : i No change. Take it to your wife. i ; i
25) 121) dialog: Only through your prayers, Fimbria.
25) 127) dialog: {chuckles ) Privately I don't believe in any of them, and neither do you. Publicly I believe in them all. (bows off) Greetings, Marcus Clodius Plavius!
25) 202) dialog: You may.
25) 204) dialog: Don't just eye the birds. Eat them, There is no need for you to be on your best behavior here, Batiatus takes a bird. Their eyes meet for a moment.
25) 205) dialog: In case 1t puts you at your ease, I may as well remind you that you have been very good to me in the past.
25) 207) dialog: You sold me slaves at extremely reasonable prices, you arranged private gladiatorial jousts at cost, or practically...you were both eth- ical in business matters and far Sighted sacitally.
25) 213) dialog: We both have a tendency towards corpulence. Corpulence makes a man reasonable, pleasant, phiegmatic. Have you noticed ‘that the nastiest of tyrants were invariably thin... 1 depressingly thin?
25) 216) dialog: Now...let us mix business with pleasure. How may I help you?
25) 219) dialog: And who is that?
25) 221) dialog: (genuinely surprised) You have grown very ambitious in your hatred.
25) 225) dialog: (staring at him) Have you ever thought of entering politics? You wouldn't last long, put it would be a colorful career for a week or two...what revenge have you in mind?
25) 227) dialog: Yeu never offered me this woman. Why not?
25) 229) dialog: Look around you. You will see women of all sizes. (slaps money on table) Five hundred sesterces deposit on A Varinia. Since he hasn't paid for her this gives me first call over Crassus when she's caught and aucticned,
25) 235) dialog: Vices?
25) 237) dialog: (grunting) The ladies. Since when are they 2 vice?
25) 239) dialog: Amazons, I am the most virtuous man in Rome.
25) 241) dialog: I keep these women because of my reapect for Roman morality.
25) 243) dialog: That morality which has made Rome strong enough to steal two-thirds of the world from its rightful own ers, Founded on the sanctity of Roman marriage. The Roman family, fry the sauce,
25) 245) dialog: {ruminative) The sauce. I'ma sensual man. I happen to like women, I have a promiscuous nature. And unlike these aristocrats, I refuse to take a marriage vow which my nature will prevent me from keeping.
25) 250) dialog: Exactly.
25) 252) dialog: _ (sighing) It is. Mind you, I don't include slaves under the heading of woman- kind. That would be revolutionary thinking. I am not like this mur- derous Spartacus who demands an impossible future with no slavery at all but nor am I like Crassus, who lives in the past and who can't Amagine a world without slavery. I live in that most difficult of all times -=- the present, I have S : “fl no ambitions to tame the elements. : Like a great ship, I am conscious of- wind and tide, and I obey them only in order to stay afloat. The future is for dreams, the past for regrets. The present for living. BATIATUS . o (humbly ) Like a smail ship, I.settle in your wake, and seek protection, (indicating one of the giris) . :
25) 255) dialog: I believe in total hospitality. Enjoy the purity of your surround- ings. . SOUND of HORSES' HOOVES against the pavement outside; the TRAMP of MARCHING FEET.
25) 256) dialog: Listen --- | / |
25) 263) text: A knowing smile comes to Gracchus' face, He smiles at the 208 209 210 discomfiture of his enemies, and the pains he has put the in order to disengage themselves, at least partially, fro the trap he has set.
25) 264) dialog: The garrison. What a pity. I had such a splendid farewell planned for them, - (shrugs, smiles) Crassus has returned to his nest, and found my gift. A cuckco's egg.
28) 63) text: 248-A ANOTHER ANGLE - FAVORING CAESAR, GRACCHUS 2b6-A
28) 64) text: i Caesar rises angrily. Gracchus, slumped well back in hi i is — Sleeping peacefully. : i cagsin” il See (responding hotly) | Impossible! ‘Already they've infected st ; half of Italy, If-wé permit them to Aa escape their Imfection will spread ! ~ through the whole world.
28) 85) dialog: If we punished every commander who made a fool of himself we wouldn'? have anyone left above the rank of ecenturicn.
28) 87) dialog: Crassus sponsored this young man. Let him pronounce sentence. He sits down abruptly. Ali eyes go back to Crassus. Only slight flicker of the eyebrows indicates his momentary su He rises swiftly to the challenge, not casting so much as glance at Gracchus.
28) 108) dialog: Patrician henor. No matter how noble it appears from the outside -- I_don't like the color of it.
28) 110) dialog: I'll take a little Republican corruption along with a little Republican freedom. But I won't take the dictatorship of Crassus and no freedom at all! He is interrupted by a burst of CHESRS and APPLAUSE, He g ers about the chamber till it subsides.
28) 111) dialog: That's what he's out for, and that's why he'll be back, And when he does return, you'll cheer just as loudly for him, In the meanwhile, if we
28) 115) text: ( GRACCHUS (Cont'd) ean clean up this mess without rune ning to him for nelp, he may regret this noble scene today. There are two things we must do immediately: ! confirm Caesar as permanent comman- ! der of the Garrison, and assign two legions to intercept and destroy Spartacus at tne city of Luceria. | A rising ROAR of approval, Repetition of the word "Luce | if practical. : i DISSOLVE 10 } 2h8-E OMITTED : : 248-5
30) 57) dialog: Dictatorship.
30) 59) dialog: I can tell you now, They're une acceptable.” =
30) 63) dialog: ‘Then Crassus will move.in and save Rome from the slave army by assuming { dictatorship. But that, like every-~ thing else, depends on which way Spartacus jumps. Right now he's trying to get out of Italy. If he i succeeds, she crisia is over, and 1 Crassus may stay in revirement in- definitely.} But if he doesn't
30) 68) dialog: . Well -- to deny him that chance, I've . : arranged for Spartacus to escape. | b
31) 2) dialog: Except victory over the slaves. That he must arrange for himself. This Spartacus has a@ certain talent when it comes to handling an army.
31) 4) dialog: Call it luck. He's developed such a@ bad habit of winning that Crassus may not be able to cure him of it.
31) 7) dialog: If the slaves win, the senate may have to. Once emancipated they won't be slaves anyhow, They'll be free men,
31) 17) dialog: Yes. One can presume that. Spartacus has the best army on earth, I'd much rather it fought for the Republic than against her.
31) 18) text: (quietly) i You want these slave to win. GRACCHUS i I want the Republic to survive. H In my opinion it can't survive if i Crassus comes to power, You're still { young. Later on you'll learn to - i accept the truth even when it's | ugly -- and it generally is. 4
32) 81) dialog: And what is that?
32) 93) dialog: In Rome, dignity shortens life even more surely than disease. The Gods must be saving you for some great enterprise. .
32) 95) dialog: (sighing) Yes indeed, it sounds like a bad attack of dignity! I hope, however, that this will not deflect you from the revenge you were going to take on Crassus.
32) 97) dialog: I'm glad to learn it. This woman Varinia is in his house. All Rome knows about it. Malicious tongues even say that he is in love, for the first time in his life.
32) 99) dialog: It would take a great: woman to make Crassus fell out of love with himself.
32) 101) dialog: Beautiful...
32) 103) dialog: Proud... .
32) 109) dialog: I iike Crasaus. Let's save him from his agony. Let's steal the woman,
32) 111) dialog: I have no more power to hurt Crassus in the Senate.,..but I can hurt him : where he will feel it most, in his _ pride,,.attack our enemy from within.
32) 113) dialog: You bore the whip in silence. The whip is but a training for the sword. “Go THowever, it may never come to that if you are clever.Buy some horses and a wagon with a canopy. Take the woman to Aquitania, The governor is one of my inumerable cousins, He.will help you and settle the girl in one of the free yillages. I have written you a senatorial pass which is vee in all the known world.
32) 121) dialog: Add courage to your other new-found virtues. Would half a million ses- terces make you brave?
32) 123) dialog: Let us reduce him even further. A round million.
32) 125) dialog: For a lesser sum, I have.
32) 128) dialog: Well, gentlemen?
32) 129) dialog: 
33) 3) text: Half donen senators consulting each other in whispers, Gracchus ENTERS, They fall silent, turn avay. chus smiles benevolently at them. Caesar ENTERS from the Senat He moves at once to Gracchus, indicating with a movement his head to the officer in charge of his guards to-remain the Vestibule, . :
33) 7) dialog: (shoots him a keen : glance) ; Thank you, Caesar.
33) 19) dialog: Occasions were invented to be risen to. Allow me to rise to this one. Crassus, as he begins to speak, actually is not addressin Gracchus at all. He speaks to history and to Rome.
33) 33) dialog: And where does my name stand on the list of disloyal enemies of the state?
33) 36) dialog: Why am I to be left so conspicuously alive?
33) 53) text: all self-consciously appear not even 356-1 le of contemptuous amisement, Gracchus passes through the great doors of the senate for the last
33) 55) dialog: 356-5 All the assorted women of his household are assembled aro the bathroom door, which stands slightly ajar. ‘Their fac are pale, aad. Several of tmem are red-eyed from weeping. Those neerest the bathroom door listen to what is said in Sylvana ENTERS corridor
33) 66) dialog: (with weary disgust) Please leave Rome out of it. You'll only start making one of my speeches less well than I do it myself. When do I have to get out of the city?
35) 0) text: It is a room of marble, with the sunken bath usual in hom of the rich. Gracchus is in the water-filled tub, a pillo at his head. The arrangement 1s such that the tub is cove permitting us to see only hig breast, arms, shoulders and Julia stands beside him, holding his right wrist. His lef wrist is in the water, under the cover, Julia has a small silver knife, the tip of which she holds against his wris Her face is contorted with a grimace of revulsion.
35) 1) dialog: (1rritably) All you do is incise this vein as accurately as you did the other, {as she sobs) Oh come, come, stop blubbering and get to it. Amovement of her arm indicates she has dene it. Gracchus lowers the arm into the water under the cover, without an blood made visible to the audience.
35) 2) dialog: Well! Thank heaven I've only got two of them. (wriggles lower in tub) Now move the pillow a little lower. (as she does) Aheh-heh! Splendid. (indicates with a Jerk of his head) Go to the stand and take the scroll and parcels I've laid out. She goes, picks them up, turns around questioningly to Qr But Gracchus is paying her no heed. He is staring straigh at the ceiling, thinking with bemused detachment of other ters, but compelled by gcod manners to conclude his busin with the slave woman.
35) 5) dialog: {Ampatiently) Well «-- do you have them?
35) 7) dialog: (eyes on ceiling) I own fourteen women in this house, By those papers I set them free and divide my estate amongst them,
35) 11) dialog: (irritably) So you won't be beggars, why else? {as she weeps quietly) Stop sniffling, : os JULIA (covering her face) You've been sc good to us, and rT aes Ewe D coon ' Gracchus' hatred of sentimentality causes him to shut h swiftly.
35) 12) dialog: (sternly) I'll have none of that. Leave me. {as she hesitates) Now!
35) 22) dialog: (pure delight) e Hah! ' : Then, like a contented, wicked child, he turns his head t side against his pillow (facing the door), and closes his He means to enjoy the luxury of this painless end of life similar to sleep. Syivana APPEARS IN SCENE, very quietly a@ small tray containing an opened bottle of wine and a f wine-~glass on the marble ledge of the tub. - G@racchus'eyes open a tiny slit, watching her movements but pretending to be asleep so she won't make a scene. Sh casts him a sorrowful glance, departs. His eyes open wide watching her retreat. She EXITS, cleses the door. Gracchu eyes pop wide open, He looks at the wine, smiles, and rea for the glass. As he does sc: