4) 144) text: The slaves are in the last stages of physical exhaustion their working day is scarcely at the half-way mark, Their bodies glisten with sweat which runs in rivulets down the troughs that cover their backs and buttocks. They work ba with scarcely more than loinclotns for clothing. Their mo are dry for lack of water; their eyes large and wide from sant suffering. Their beards are matted, their bodies sca with filth, for they have not bathed in years. On all sid them stand the guards, prodding a man here, slashing him with a whip.
4) 157) text: The boy opens his eyes, stares up at Spartacus as GUARD r into SCENE, brings his whip down hard across Spartacus' b aqUaRD Damn youl Get up -~ f Spartacus, his face suffused with rage, whirls from his c position, rushes the guard. The guard catches him with th hard butt-end of the whip squarely on the siuil. Spartacu clawing the air, goes down,
4) 158) text: A great, bearded Gaul. He looks off at the struggle, lift @m enormous rock with his right hand, draws back to throw as a guard, spotting him, smashes the butt of a pilum ove head. Gannicus goes down.
4) 166) dialog: Help}! Hepes Other guards rush over, begin to belabor Spartacus, who t and writhes over the blows, but keeps his hold on his ene Slaves watch from the corners of their eyes, too frighten stop working even when their guards are otherwhere engage Spartacus' guard goes down with a wild SHRIEK,
4) 167) dialog: Help! Other guards arrive. Two of them carry the wounded guard His right foot hangs limp. He SOBS uncontrollably.
4) 168) dialog: I'm crippled! Captain of the Guard ENTERS SCENE. Boiling group over Spa separates, and we see Spartacus, panting and barely consc stretched on. the ground. .
4) 170) dialog: He hamstrung Brucullus, . (indicated Gannicus) . This one tried to help him,
4) 231) text: SPARTACUS © Freedom! af Guard laughs; Batiatus shrugs. \P
4) 252) text: NEAR CAPUA - DAY © We see the imposing residence of the owner, a typical Rom try-seat, but different than most in that it is connected its outbuildings by high walls. To the left of the reside massive gates give onto a thick-walled alleyway which, in own turn, opens onto the grounds beyond, invisible from o Guards in the uniform of the garrison of Capua are statio either side of the front door to the residence, and half are stationed by the gates, which swing open as Batiatus string of newly purchased slaves approach the establishme Batiatus is carriec in a litter by eight slaves, preceded mounted guards. Behind his litter shuffle perhaps twenty slaves, all strong men in their prime, shackled by leg-ch Other guards on foot walk alongside the slaves, The small gates to the left of the
4) 264) dialog: Halt: 35 They shuffle to a stop, their wide eyes staring off in su wonderment, or horror to b.g. scenes which tell them at l their fate is to be. “
4) 270) text: ~ = Raa el #1888 ~ Changes 2/10/59 co 15 aT CONTINUED 37 BATIATUS (Cont'd) (pause) Approximately half the graduates of our school live on into their forties. Sceme of them even gain thetr freedom, and become trainers themselves. Eh, Marcellus? {Marcellus leers) A trained gladiator ts like a fine stallion, He must be pampered. You will be bathed and shaved, conditioned and oiled and massaged. (touches Marcellus! (x) cauda) You will be given your caudas. You will be warmly clothed, and your food will be the best money can buy. (smirk) At certain intervals you will even be given the companionship of a girl. (to Marcellus, indi- eating Spartacus) Watch the fifth from the end. He's a Thracian. They were going to kill him for hamstringing a guard, yo i) MARCELLUS } We'll break him of that. .
4) 274) text: MARCELLUS i {to all of them) i - All I want 1s for you to get along i | with me. i (goes up to Spartacus) q What’s your name, slave? i . SPARTACUS j (spitting it) ; Spartacus..... slave. ct Marcellus stares hard at him for an instant, then gesture his head to a guard. : . |
4) 284) text: i Spertnne’ grip a on the sword, he hesitates, then leaps forward, thrusts viciously with his sword. The routine of fight has been worked out elsewhere in detail. It is simp demonstration of the trained gladiator's marvellous skili only in evading injury and defending himself with a dagge Fouls the long sword, but also his ability to inflict ter damage on his opponent - Marcellus only pricks the wildly ing Spartacus with his dagger, but each tiny skin-break c a death blow. Most of the punishment he administers with feet, kmees, hips, his free fist, or the broad edge of hi which finally chops down across the back of Spartacus! ne am axe. i Panting, bleecing, exhausted, and now stunned, Spartacus at Marcellus’ feet. Marcellus looks down at him contemptu then nods to the guards. Guards come forward; one retriev sword that has failen from Spartacus’ hand; the other hau to his feet, snaps the chain to his collar. As the guard leases him, Spartacus, conscious out practically paralyze begins to sag. CRIXUS, the slave next to him, a young man thirty with the fierce eyes of a hawk, takes Spartacus! a keep him on his feet. Without a second glance at his vict Marcellus turns to the others.
4) 290) text: Prodded by their guards, they move rearward toward the gl atorial quarters.
5) 8) dialog: No talking.
6) 0) text: It is a narrow stone corrider, lined up on either side wi heavy, roughehswn, bar-locked doors which give onto the g ators! individual ceils. Down the corridor, headed by Mar who supervises the operation by the light of slave-borne come guards herding slave girls. The girls are dressed in simple homeespun dresses -- actually sacks. They are bare legged, bare-foot, Their hands are tied behind them. Cell doors are opened right and left, and a girl is thrust unc moniousiy through each door, after which the door is swif locked and barred again. The girls, thrust about like sac grain, say nothing, make no protest. They know their fate are accustomed to it, But their faces, their eyes, are de utterly devoid of emotion.
7) 0) text: In the far b.g. we SEE a twin line of experienced gladiat clad in the uniforms of their profession with the right-a guards, violently feinting and thrusting with wooden swor Trainers watch; guards are in evidence everywhere. There a closer o.s. SOUND OF FEET beating against the earth in In the f.g. we see our newly arrived gladiators working w the blade machine and the mechanical shield-and-mace, Mar 4s in charge, watching them closely. The great blades are sheathed with padded leather; nonetheless they are still to send a man spinning to the earth if he misses a leap, fails on the next turn, to duck and let the blade pass ov him. Spartacus is not in scene. WHISTLE BLOWS, The two machines lumber to a halt. The trainees, their bodies run with sweat, their breath coming in gasps, line up under t prodding of the guards, Marcellus faces them.
8) 0) text: The celi door opens, Spartacus rises. One or two guards appear with Varinia in tow. She looks across at him, her blank of any emotion. The humiliation of being disposed o ike an animal permits no emoticn; she simply witacraws fr herself, removes herself frem her body, so to speak, so t it is not she at all who 1s being dealt with, but some st some otner person altogether. Spartacus stsres at her, al wild with the wonder tnat sae should be bestowed upon nim second time. Mercellus APPEARS in b.g. of doorway,
8) 30) text: MED, FULL SHOT - TRAINEES 65 j For the first time we see them in the traditional garb of profession. Under the watchful eye of Marcellus, and at t cammand of his WHISTLE, they file by guards to receive, f first time, their leather sword-arm pads. 1 MARCELLUS a Fasten them on so they stay! If } your aword arm's crippled in a matched pair, we have to replace you with a fresh man. That coats money. You've got to take care of yourselves! (blows WHISTLE) . Shape up! E Other WHISTLES blow in other parts of arena; in b.g. we S other gladiators falling into line.
8) 37) text: At close quarters, using every trick of their deadly trad guards leaping inané out cf the foray, watching alertiy. black sword-tips mark where thrusts have been successful leaving smudges on the recipient's body. =~ --____.
8) 44) dialog: A kill? {to loser) Out! Loser rises wearily to his feet, trudges out of the melee MED, SHOT - SPARTACUS AND DRABA ~ MARCSLLUS IN B.G. There are, of course, others fighting in b.g.. Draba is a enormously tall and handsome Negro. Draba fights coolly, face impassive, his eyes a9 alert an an animal's. The adv of his great height 1s overcome somewhat by Spartacus! da speed and intensity. Draba lunges at Spartacus, who fends blow, turns Draba on his hip, sends him sprawling to eart Spartacus! face shows a curious kind of joy in this activ the joy of a healthy man winning a contest that carries n implication of death. As Draba strikes the ground, he is in the head by another contestant passing through the sce
12) 84) text: #1698 - Changes 3/5/59 seal %) CONTINUED oF ponchos. Marcellus steps through the opening and stands i front of the guards as Crix and Other Three step through.
13) 0) text: It ia dark inside the shed. |They sit in silence, DRUMS 0 Draba is stern and impassive Spartacus watches him covert as one has the right to watch his future murderer. Crixus @lares fiercely straight ahead. Galino is completely wrap in his thoughts. There is ngthing to say, nothing to do b walt for the fatal SOUND of the WHISTLE. WHISTLE BLOWS, A freeze. Door swings open. Marcellus APPEARS in bright sha of sunlight, Guards behind him.
14) 27) text: Batiutus hides behind it. |Glabrus leaps in alarm to his Crassus moves not a muscle Chill as steel, utterly fascin by the possibilities, he watches the approach of Draba. C trying to get out of the box, stumbles, falls and SCREAMS ANOTHER ANGLE - INCLUDING x AND DRABA q1i Guards rushing UP on lim in b.g. Draba, the two spears st sticking in his back, makes a final lunge. His hands gras the edge of the box. His dyes glare up at the occupants,
18) 0) text: ROOM AND ALTCHEN (xX) 4 At each end of the kitchen stand Roman guards. Six more s the central portion, which is open to the sky. The gladia pick up wooden bowls as they ENTER the mess hall, pess el kitehen line before the slave women, who fill their bowls food; then they move out of the kitchen area and eat on t either cross-legged or crouched with the bowls on their l using wooden spoons.
18) 24) text: With a sponteneous ROAR the gladiators rise -~ all their set off by the excitement of this direct conflict between ator and guard. Hot food flies through the air. The room filled with SHOUTS, SCREAMS, IMPRECATIONS, GROANS.
19) 13) dialog: There's trouble in the mess hall. They've killed Marcellus, and maybe the others too! Batiatus looks sharply off toward the mess hall. He doesn like what he hears and sees; he takes immediate measures Save both his preperty and his hide.
20) 0) text: Slaves have trapped three or four guards; they drown them the pool; incinerate them against the glowing hot rocks; strangle them in vats of bubbling water, ENTRANCE STEAM ROOM «= THE ARCH - DRABA'S BODY . 137-B An old Crone, with two other women, is cutting the body d They lower it gently, turn it on its back. They begin to a white sheet around it.
20) 7) text: i #1868 - Changes 2/3/59 61 FULL SHOT - FROM INSIDE GROUNDS - TOWARD MAIN GATS iho Here a handful of the remaining guards are putting up a d ate battle to hold the gate until help can arrive. Slaves the wells, drop down on the guards from above; they dash burning firebrands, or hurl their naked todies recklessly their enemiest cold steel. One by one, the guards sink in
20) 14) text: The guards defending them are all dead. The gates ars slo being pushed outward. THROUGH them the SHOUTING, oheering ing mass of slaves and gladiators already is beginning to EXT. GATES ~ FULL SHOT Ih3" + A triumphant torrent of gladiaters, house-slaves, women, BURSTS THROUGH the gates, and begins to stream into the c side, while behind them towering flames and great columns smoke mark the death of the gladiatorial school of Capua, PRON? OF BATIATUS' HOUSE - FULL SHOT yy Another torrent of slaves BURSTS THROUGH the great front rushes SHOUTING and YELLING through the erchway into the land beyond. FULL SHOT ~ TOWARD CREST OF A LOW HILL Lys | Against the crest, field slaves may be seen, silhoustted work. Cne of them looks off, points: others stop to lock: cluster -- gesticulating excitedly amongst themselves. -
31) 64) dialog: Yes, sir. The Guard puts his hand on Batiatus' arm. Batiatus' lips tremble, he sets up a soft blubbering. Batiatus is lifted from his chair, and with the guards fierce grip on his bi is started out of the room.
31) 102) dialog: Hiding in a wine barrel, wearing the skirts of a camp-follower,.
32) 1) text: Present are Crassus and his staff; guards and other offic
33) 3) text: Half donen senators consulting each other in whispers, Gracchus ENTERS, They fall silent, turn avay. chus smiles benevolently at them. Caesar ENTERS from the Senat He moves at once to Gracchus, indicating with a movement his head to the officer in charge of his guards to-remain the Vestibule, . :
35) 38) text: SOUND of the WHIP o.s. Despite their thirst, their exhaus ion, despite their legionary guards who suddenly bustle a among them with activity and the whip, they continue, sof brokenly, and some fiercely:
36) 81) text: We do not see any crosses from this ANGLE, The gate 1s cl Just outside the gates, which have, of course, a guard de early~comers to Rome have assembled, waiting for the gate open and the commerce of the new day to begin, The whole of the scene, and the attitudes of those who wait, should one of placidity, of patient, waiting inactivity. A teams his wagon loaded high with squashes, arrives before the g as we come into the SHOT, Already there are half a dozen Slaves in charge of their master, a small merchant. They laid aside their burdens, and are sitting on the ground b them, resting. A farmer dozes in the seat of his ox-cart, the ox dozes too. An elderly rich man, seated in his seda chair which has been lowered to the ground by its slave-b (who squat beside 1t on their haunches) kills the time by peeling and eating a banana. | 1 BUGLE inside gate RINGS out, Outside guards come to atten Baggage slaves stir, resume their loads, Slave-bearers li their master's litter. The gates slowly open, revealing o on the inside similarly waiting for exit from the city, T traffic of people and vehicles begins to move in both dir dons through the gate. a Centurion with two or three legi des to assist him, checks, either by direct questioning, swift visual search, each person and vehicle. Rome is sti under the military after Crassus! take-over,