4) 270) text: ~ = Raa el #1888 ~ Changes 2/10/59 co 15 aT CONTINUED 37 BATIATUS (Cont'd) (pause) Approximately half the graduates of our school live on into their forties. Sceme of them even gain thetr freedom, and become trainers themselves. Eh, Marcellus? {Marcellus leers) A trained gladiator ts like a fine stallion, He must be pampered. You will be bathed and shaved, conditioned and oiled and massaged. (touches Marcellus! (x) cauda) You will be given your caudas. You will be warmly clothed, and your food will be the best money can buy. (smirk) At certain intervals you will even be given the companionship of a girl. (to Marcellus, indi- eating Spartacus) Watch the fifth from the end. He's a Thracian. They were going to kill him for hamstringing a guard, yo i) MARCELLUS } We'll break him of that. .
4) 274) text: MARCELLUS i {to all of them) i - All I want 1s for you to get along i | with me. i (goes up to Spartacus) q What’s your name, slave? i . SPARTACUS j (spitting it) ; Spartacus..... slave. ct Marcellus stares hard at him for an instant, then gesture his head to a guard. : . |
4) 275) dialog: Unchain him. :
4) 282) dialog: nis 4s the only fair chance you'll aver have.) Kill me.
4) 284) text: i Spertnne’ grip a on the sword, he hesitates, then leaps forward, thrusts viciously with his sword. The routine of fight has been worked out elsewhere in detail. It is simp demonstration of the trained gladiator's marvellous skili only in evading injury and defending himself with a dagge Fouls the long sword, but also his ability to inflict ter damage on his opponent - Marcellus only pricks the wildly ing Spartacus with his dagger, but each tiny skin-break c a death blow. Most of the punishment he administers with feet, kmees, hips, his free fist, or the broad edge of hi which finally chops down across the back of Spartacus! ne am axe. i Panting, bleecing, exhausted, and now stunned, Spartacus at Marcellus’ feet. Marcellus looks down at him contemptu then nods to the guards. Guards come forward; one retriev sword that has failen from Spartacus’ hand; the other hau to his feet, snaps the chain to his collar. As the guard leases him, Spartacus, conscious out practically paralyze begins to sag. CRIXUS, the slave next to him, a young man thirty with the fierce eyes of a hawk, takes Spartacus! a keep him on his feet. Without a second glance at his vict Marcellus turns to the others.
4) 285) dialog: (deadly ferocity) Get along with me. That's all I say. ; Get alonz with me! . (te guards) ,c. Clean them up! iw Guards leap into action. \
6) 4) text: Marcellus as he goes, CAMERA trucks with them to: t SPARTACUS! CELL DOOR = MARCELLUS, BATIATUS, VARINIA uy Marcellus unbolts the door, throws it open. i
6) 37) text: #1888 - Changes 3/6/59 CONTINUED 50-c :! SPARTACUS ji (gasping) I'll Kili youl | Marcellus' boot comes down on the doubled fist.that keeps
6) 57) text: For a moment he lets her look full at the nakedness of hi shame. His eyes frankly drink in her loveliness. . He sha his head. He smiles. A long, quivering sigh pronounces hi recovery from crisis. Miraculously, she amiles back at hi At this moment the door opens to admit Batiatus and Marce Both of them whirl as the cell door opens, j BATIATUS . Marcellus take her out. Marcellus seizes her, starts out with her.
7) 0) text: In the far b.g. we SEE a twin line of experienced gladiat clad in the uniforms of their profession with the right-a guards, violently feinting and thrusting with wooden swor Trainers watch; guards are in evidence everywhere. There a closer o.s. SOUND OF FEET beating against the earth in In the f.g. we see our newly arrived gladiators working w the blade machine and the mechanical shield-and-mace, Mar 4s in charge, watching them closely. The great blades are sheathed with padded leather; nonetheless they are still to send a man spinning to the earth if he misses a leap, fails on the next turn, to duck and let the blade pass ov him. Spartacus is not in scene. WHISTLE BLOWS, The two machines lumber to a halt. The trainees, their bodies run with sweat, their breath coming in gasps, line up under t prodding of the guards, Marcellus faces them.
7) 1) dialog: Pay attention to this. I'm only going through it once. Spartacus, in chatee of two guards, is thrust INTO scene. is clad only in preech-cloth. His naked body has been mar off, like a map, in various colors. Marcellus draws his s During the following scene, as he indicates on Spartacus! those anatomical details which are important, he iightly the skin with his swordtip. Sometimes the flick merely ti sometimes it draws a tiny bead of blood; sometimes it cut deeper. Spartacus, his face pale with rage, refuses to mo @ muscle, His eyes remain through scene fixed in a glare hatred upon Marcellus! face,
7) 2) dialog: You get an instant kill on the red. {touches red with his sword) Here-~~-here---here-~-here---and here. Slow kill, yellow: here---here~-- here---here---here---here Cripple on the bDlue: here---here here~-= here---here---here---here---and sometimes here.
7) 5) dialog: Always go for the red. If you don't, your opponent will. Second rule; try for a cripple over a slow «ill. A slow kill may have enough left to kili you before he dies. A cripple you know you've got if you keep your distance and wear him down. The rest ~--
7) 18) dialog: (tauntingly) itl What are you looking at that girl : for? i Spartacus doesn't answer; Varinia in b.g. hastens her ste
7) 21) dialog: (sharply) Stand still, girl! Verinia freezes, but scorns to look at her tormentor.
7) 22) dialog: (to Spartacus) All right, hero, If all you can do with girls is look at them--~-then look! :
7) 29) dialog: (sharply) Hold 1t, girls (she freezes; he turns to Spartacus; very softly) Keep on locking...-slave, Spartacus, rigid with fury and humiliation, stares off to Varinia, who stands tall and straight and aloof, showing emotion et ail,
8) 1) dialog: No, no, this one coes to the Spaniard. (guards instantly Temove Varinia from scene; Marcellus grins at Spartacus) Have a good night's rest, Thracian. Spertacus lunges for him. With a soft laugh, Mercellue si steps, slams the cell door. Spartacus crashes into the do
8) 9) dialog: ; (to guards) Move him out! Guards, creeping on their bellies, enter the pattern bene whirling blades, remove.the fallen man. WHISTLE,
8) 10) text: Next pair! Spartacus and Gannicus disengage themselves, approach the ference. They run into the pattern. They duck and leap al nately. CLOSE ON MARCELLUS 58-a x MARCELLUS x (to slaves turning blades) Faster!
8) 30) text: MED, FULL SHOT - TRAINEES 65 j For the first time we see them in the traditional garb of profession. Under the watchful eye of Marcellus, and at t cammand of his WHISTLE, they file by guards to receive, f first time, their leather sword-arm pads. 1 MARCELLUS a Fasten them on so they stay! If } your aword arm's crippled in a matched pair, we have to replace you with a fresh man. That coats money. You've got to take care of yourselves! (blows WHISTLE) . Shape up! E Other WHISTLES blow in other parts of arena; in b.g. we S other gladiators falling into line.
8) 33) dialog: {quietly) Now we'll see how they do against professicnels. (blows WHISTLE again) Up and down the lines ring the SHOUTS of the guards.
8) 46) text: Somewhat dazed, he tries to pick himself up. He has to pa all fours to shake the fog from his brain. Spartacus boun SCENE, offers his hand. Draba, his face expressionless, a the proffered aid. Then, as he almost achieves his feat, gives Spartacus' hand a swift, fierce tug which sends Spa sprawling face forward on the ground. Spartacus twists li cat, starts to rise---to find Draba's sword-tin at hia th He stares up at Draba in shocked surprise, his eyes wide questioning. Draba simple gazes down at him, and holds th at his throat. Marcellus bounds INTO SCENE, followed by B MARCELLUS Wwe MARCELLU. Ve » I told you giadiators have no friends}
8) 59) text: go unrevaraed, Marcellus nods, puts whistle toe mouth, WHISTLaS,
11) 34) text: Crassus and Glabrus are seating themselves. At no tine th this anc the successive fight scenes does Cressus pa est attention to the gl ators, or their contest. ither he engaged in conversati th Glabrus, or devoting his attenti thoughtful = iuy ef ileamvhile, the youns women, shepherded Oy Saviatus Marcellus, pace slowly ealons the perimeter of the cases; ir eyes filled with pleasure the sight of so many suport ie physiques.
12) 84) text: #1698 - Changes 3/5/59 seal %) CONTINUED oF ponchos. Marcellus steps through the opening and stands i front of the guards as Crix and Other Three step through.
13) 0) text: It ia dark inside the shed. |They sit in silence, DRUMS 0 Draba is stern and impassive Spartacus watches him covert as one has the right to watch his future murderer. Crixus @lares fiercely straight ahead. Galino is completely wrap in his thoughts. There is ngthing to say, nothing to do b walt for the fatal SOUND of the WHISTLE. WHISTLE BLOWS, A freeze. Door swings open. Marcellus APPEARS in bright sha of sunlight, Guards behind him.
13) 1) dialog: Crixus! Galino! Both men slowly rise, For axf instant each looks straight the other's face, Then they journ and EXIT together. Door eloses behind them. Spartacus and Draba, alone with each other, exchange no glances between themselves. ROLL of DR outside. They stiffen slighthy. SOUND of fight beginning. Spartacus rises, moves silently to the arena-side wall. E puts his eyes to a crack, peers out.
13) 11) text: Slowly to the tench, sits down carefully, stares straight Spartacus and Draba, whose eyes have been fixed on him fr moment of his entry, ex¢hange their first glance with eac Marcellus APPEARS in doorway. ;
13) 12) dialog: Second pair! ’ They rise like automatons. They move toward the door. C TRUCKS with them just far enough to carry them through th and into the sunlight beyond. : EXT, ARENA ~ FULL SHOT . 102-E; Guards stationed, DRUMS beating faster, Spartacus receive his short, curved Thracian knife. Draba is given his iron spiked trident and his fish-net. Guards place them in pos for combat. They begin siowly to manceuvre for position, i
18) 7) dialog: (tauntingly)} Take a last look at her, Thracian. Spartacus stares toward the window, sees:
18) 11) dialog: (chuckling) Why should you care? She won't be any farther from you than she's always been. He reaches out, still chuckling, jabs Spartacus with the his pike. Spartacus, in a convulsion of pure rage, turns the enormous cauldron thet bubbles and steams on its trip above the open fire. With a tremendous shove, he upsets t scalding mass so that Marcellus, with a terrible SCREAM, buried beneath it.