28) 73) text: Fourteen have reported thus far. I myself was taken prisoner in my own command tent. The camp was thoroughly infiltrated before an alarm could be sounded.
31) 91) text: #1888 - Changes 5/4/59 isu 323 CRASSUS (cont'd) {to officers ) I've never seen a sight like this on a battlefield. (glances at bodies again) It's rather -~- remarkable. (to officers) Observe them well and remember them, If this can be called love, and if it is permitted to thrive among slaves, I can think of nothing more dangerous to the state. (pauses -- then, impatiently) Nothing about this battle pleases me! (starts out again, pauses, turns to them) How many prisoners were taken? OFFICER (x} Between two and three thousand thus far. We are still bringing them in. They're in quite bad condition.
31) 149) text: You may sell the other women, but not this one. BATIATUS ii It's clear your beatitude hesn't inquired into the quality of his female prisoners. I have, unfort- unetely. Those thet don't buckle with age are so ugly you can't look at them without blinking. No man could sell that collection Of harpies!
31) 178) text: MED. SHOT ~ THE MOUNTED OFFICER 328-¢ He gazes slowly around among the prisoners. His face hard aa nothing but silence greets his offer.
31) 180) dialog: I'm Spartacus! Turn me loose! Rising MURMUR among slave army.
31) 204) text: b 1 "( ¥ PRISONERS (Cont'd) t net - No -s= there's Spartacus over there! | No, no, I saw him killedi He's just } over the hill! You saw somebody else ~~ I'm Spartacus! So you are, so you are --- hail, ) Spartacus!
31) 209) dialog: Get up, Spartacus! You are Spartacus, aren't you? Spartacus looks up at him, chokes back the sob in his voi nods as if aware of it for the first time.
31) 212) text: He looks down at the prisoners whose SHOUTS now fill the
32) 0) text: Batiatus. A line of prisoners is in the scene, they are chained and manacled, bearded, their faces covered with f and bleod. Among them, Spartacus and Antoninus. Batiatus starts violently as he recognizes Spartacus. Spartacus, a of the recognition, gives him a terrible glare of warning hatred. Batiatus rushes to Crassus.
36) 6) text: Crassus peers at Antoninus thoughtfully, paying no heed t Spartacus at all. We must remember that this SCENE is the . culmination of Crassus personal problem and of his defe his doubts, his fears. They began on the battlefield when he saw love unto death, and feared it, and ordered the cr fixlons; they increased when ne endesvored te have the he less, hopeless prisoners betray Spartacus to him, and the unenimously refused; lesa than hour ago; in his final sce with Varinia, he has perceived that no power cn earth can her yield to him es a woman --= only as a slave, a mars l body which he happens to own but can never really possess Now, reetiess, filled with forebodings and the most searc interest, he has come outside the gates to seek to enligh the mystery of why slaves behave as the Spartacists have behaved, by confronting a slave who ran away from his own household tc join the rebellion. Quiet, restrained, urgen attentive, and somehow saddened by all that has happened, still seeks his answers. CRASSUS. {almost regretfully)’ Well, Antoninus ~» . . the night {X) passes slowly, doean't it? .