1) 2) text: Crucifying slaves in rain. (150 SLAVES s 120 SOLDIERS
4) 0) text: a ANTONINUS | } LOCATION ? Se, 262, A,B,C,D,E,F, 263, |SLAVE LEADER | A,B,C,D,E,F,G 13, AD Lins | t 1300 SLAVES j | | ; F
4) 4) text: : i ISPARTACUS 4 | Locan D i i Runaway slaves want to join /|20 CHILDREN Spartacus, He tells them (2 WELFARE WORKER he has too many already. {10 HORSES
4) 42) text: ) jare near - argue about [VOICE Sc, 237 } { |wunning away = decide to MOTHER Sc. 237 } attack, 50 SLAVES j < | j ACROBAT
4) 43) text: a oo r BEATACTI rab. Li, 1955 ESTDWTED FOOTAGE = - bev, Fine] Saresepley, Jam. lgth, ber. thre Feb. 3, 14. geolict,  —E Fest 1 «0 11a Ebei per pees - prerees = 9) pry L339 Cresems and paris acc ires at ape et to Lessee Sete Le erders Yer the emotanter wikh Sparctecwes, Platsbaok dopi Téalated Speatteces! beokgredht of & Thedlien slave wpork ium wine. We pee bie bamstring & geerd for vhie be is seo die et sender, | Bat Leto ori bin iohy Sather Eo bo traio Simdlatectel Zobael ot Capon. aba on Lik Fh ber oe, = ater, - 7S sic Ly 147 Farias, o Yree- Pere elete gle k is tebe toto Apertmoee! well he poaade ond intriges bie by ic oepirited detisesge to be owed? oo meteor whet he dows to ber. 35a goreea Lo Ee reed, The Sereb beninlog praceeds im tia sohecl and Sp heat feds play can be ooetly chem Drobe teles advectage o Spertaoes a black mark, «= Tariple seegg lee $be Bipbebat
4) 122) text: by Spartacus because they went out\ to fight slaves. Unless I am able\ to persuade you that the enemy we engage tomorrow consider themselves \
4) 144) text: The slaves are in the last stages of physical exhaustion their working day is scarcely at the half-way mark, Their bodies glisten with sweat which runs in rivulets down the troughs that cover their backs and buttocks. They work ba with scarcely more than loinclotns for clothing. Their mo are dry for lack of water; their eyes large and wide from sant suffering. Their beards are matted, their bodies sca with filth, for they have not bathed in years. On all sid them stand the guards, prodding a man here, slashing him with a whip.
4) 149) text: MED. SHOT - A SLAVE BOY ee ok
4) 177) text: REVERSE ANGLE - END OF ESCARPMENT al Coming around the base of the escarpment, which 1s a very short distance from the Captain, is the entourage of Lent Batiatus. It consists of Batiatus, mounted on a mule, sev following slaves carrying provisions and water, and two g bringing up the rear. It approaches the Captain.
4) 209) text: He takes his thumbs away, the slave's mouth goes shut ege
4) 215) text: He turns away from the line of squatting slaves (#11 of w has inspected carefully despite his apparent rejection of and moves, CAMERA STILL TRUCKING, to:
4) 252) text: NEAR CAPUA - DAY © We see the imposing residence of the owner, a typical Rom try-seat, but different than most in that it is connected its outbuildings by high walls. To the left of the reside massive gates give onto a thick-walled alleyway which, in own turn, opens onto the grounds beyond, invisible from o Guards in the uniform of the garrison of Capua are statio either side of the front door to the residence, and half are stationed by the gates, which swing open as Batiatus string of newly purchased slaves approach the establishme Batiatus is carriec in a litter by eight slaves, preceded mounted guards. Behind his litter shuffle perhaps twenty slaves, all strong men in their prime, shackled by leg-ch Other guards on foot walk alongside the slaves, The small gates to the left of the
4) 260) text: residence, FULL SHOT ~ AT GATES - BATIATUS AND SLA PASSING THROUGE a In b.g. we see household dignitaries lined\up to welcome returning master. The slaves, among whom we observe Spart and Gannicus, look at the massive walls of the enclosure which they pass, exchange inquiring glances amongst thems
4) 266) text: ANOTHER ANGLE - FEI: BATIATUS , mas RAMON = NEW 37 “ SLAVES IN B.G. Batiatus, just descended, extends a limp hand to Ramon, w kisses it fervently.
4) 274) text: MARCELLUS i {to all of them) i - All I want 1s for you to get along i | with me. i (goes up to Spartacus) q What’s your name, slave? i . SPARTACUS j (spitting it) ; Spartacus..... slave. ct Marcellus stares hard at him for an instant, then gesture his head to a guard. : . |
4) 284) text: i Spertnne’ grip a on the sword, he hesitates, then leaps forward, thrusts viciously with his sword. The routine of fight has been worked out elsewhere in detail. It is simp demonstration of the trained gladiator's marvellous skili only in evading injury and defending himself with a dagge Fouls the long sword, but also his ability to inflict ter damage on his opponent - Marcellus only pricks the wildly ing Spartacus with his dagger, but each tiny skin-break c a death blow. Most of the punishment he administers with feet, kmees, hips, his free fist, or the broad edge of hi which finally chops down across the back of Spartacus! ne am axe. i Panting, bleecing, exhausted, and now stunned, Spartacus at Marcellus’ feet. Marcellus looks down at him contemptu then nods to the guards. Guards come forward; one retriev sword that has failen from Spartacus’ hand; the other hau to his feet, snaps the chain to his collar. As the guard leases him, Spartacus, conscious out practically paralyze begins to sag. CRIXUS, the slave next to him, a young man thirty with the fierce eyes of a hawk, takes Spartacus! a keep him on his feet. Without a second glance at his vict Marcellus turns to the others.
6) 0) text: It is a narrow stone corrider, lined up on either side wi heavy, roughehswn, bar-locked doors which give onto the g ators! individual ceils. Down the corridor, headed by Mar who supervises the operation by the light of slave-borne come guards herding slave girls. The girls are dressed in simple homeespun dresses -- actually sacks. They are bare legged, bare-foot, Their hands are tied behind them. Cell doors are opened right and left, and a girl is thrust unc moniousiy through each door, after which the door is swif locked and barred again. The girls, thrust about like sac grain, say nothing, make no protest. They know their fate are accustomed to it, But their faces, their eyes, are de utterly devoid of emotion.
8) 10) text: Next pair! Spartacus and Gannicus disengage themselves, approach the ference. They run into the pattern. They duck and leap al nately. CLOSE ON MARCELLUS 58-a x MARCELLUS x (to slaves turning blades) Faster!
10) 14) text: Bhess it with your With e slight inclination vf/ the head, Crassus acknowled greeting, turns, and, under the humbly agile guidance of Batiatus and itowing pf slaves, moves with his party toward the entrance, |
10) 34) text: fans, All four are now et their ease in > resting on small colored cushions, Trays Slaves leap forward wit} chairs, the lad
18) 0) text: ROOM AND ALTCHEN (xX) 4 At each end of the kitchen stand Roman guards. Six more s the central portion, which is open to the sky. The gladia pick up wooden bowls as they ENTER the mess hall, pess el kitehen line before the slave women, who fill their bowls food; then they move out of the kitchen area and eat on t either cross-legged or crouched with the bowls on their l using wooden spoons.
18) 8) text: REVERSE ANGLE - THROUGH BARRED WINDOW ~ VARINIA, Baer, OT Varinia is already seated in the rear of a cart. ' She is dressed, A slave holds the horses, another sits in the dr seat, Ramon is just ascending the cart. |
19) 19) text: The house slaves, armed with staves; slave-women brandish knives, pokers, forks, ~- begin to pour INTO the arenas, the gladiators in revolt.
20) 0) text: Slaves have trapped three or four guards; they drown them the pool; incinerate them against the glowing hot rocks; strangle them in vats of bubbling water, ENTRANCE STEAM ROOM «= THE ARCH - DRABA'S BODY . 137-B An old Crone, with two other women, is cutting the body d They lower it gently, turn it on its back. They begin to a white sheet around it.
20) 7) text: i #1868 - Changes 2/3/59 61 FULL SHOT - FROM INSIDE GROUNDS - TOWARD MAIN GATS iho Here a handful of the remaining guards are putting up a d ate battle to hold the gate until help can arrive. Slaves the wells, drop down on the guards from above; they dash burning firebrands, or hurl their naked todies recklessly their enemiest cold steel. One by one, the guards sink in
20) 14) text: The guards defending them are all dead. The gates ars slo being pushed outward. THROUGH them the SHOUTING, oheering ing mass of slaves and gladiators already is beginning to EXT. GATES ~ FULL SHOT Ih3" + A triumphant torrent of gladiaters, house-slaves, women, BURSTS THROUGH the gates, and begins to stream into the c side, while behind them towering flames and great columns smoke mark the death of the gladiatorial school of Capua, PRON? OF BATIATUS' HOUSE - FULL SHOT yy Another torrent of slaves BURSTS THROUGH the great front rushes SHOUTING and YELLING through the erchway into the land beyond. FULL SHOT ~ TOWARD CREST OF A LOW HILL Lys | Against the crest, field slaves may be seen, silhoustted work. Cne of them looks off, points: others stop to lock: cluster -- gesticulating excitedly amongst themselves. -
22) 8) text: In the midst of this burnt-cut desolation, we see the two middle-aged Roman captives, stripped down to loincloths, bleeding, exhausted, slowly circling each other with kniv while slaves prod them on with lighted torches, spears an sword=tips, HOOTING and JEERING. In the balcony from whic Crassus viewed the fight and killed Draba, sits Crixus, surrounded by others of his comrades. They are enjoying t affair immensely.
23) 11) text: as the riders sweep back toward Vesuvius, that two or thr bands of escaping slaves wave to them, SHOUT to them, and the raiders SHOUT back, indiceting fer them tc follow. Th
25) 132) text: 203 #1888 - Changes 3/16/59 78 INT, PATIO - cassusy/Siice — 28 201 As Crassus ARRIVES,° the Najordoma whom we have seen at_t slave market bows low in Zreeting, halT-a=dozen minet hou dignitaries behind him.
27) 23) text: 218 219 #1888 - Changes 6/24/59 89 FULL WIDE ANGLE - CAMP OF SPARTACUS AT VESUVIUS ~ DAY ery The lofty, tree-ringed redoubt teems with activity, Carpe ters repair wagons, setting up rude structures; butchers Slaughter animals and fowl, prepare them for cooking; the is a central food depot, and ovens with women baking brea spits with halves of beeves roasting above them. The vari of tredes is infinite. Most importantly, we see the commu of male Slaves receiving training exactly like that which received by the zladistors at Capua, yet more severe. The Capua machines ere in use; trainees carry sae log beams, chin with the weight of rocks, they work with the swords- everything has a quicker tempo than at Capua, everything greater air of determination beacause, of course, it is v In far f.g, teams of men scale the rocky sides of the esc crawling up like flies, then leaping down incredible dist
27) 51) dialog: Most of us come from the estate of Quintus Laelius,
27) 53) dialog: Sixteen years a carpenter and mason,
27) 55) dialog: I was chief steward in the none hold of Quintus Leelius.
27) 59) text: Umm, <A pet slave,
28) 232) text: J Nothing but that one magic word, rising and dying away wind shifts, and the slaves sweep forward. SUPERIMPOSED O
29) 0) text: The room 1s filled with patrons and slaves. Caesar passes the nearest bench, sits dow. Instantly a slave appears, b to relieve nim of his boots, Others in the scene are in v ) stages of being undressed, or being dressed again. Thei is swathed in fine white towels. There is a BUZZ of conve for the baths are like a men’s club, where politics, busi and gossip dominate. A dignified man in his middle years stantly aprreaches ¢. ar. So or three others join in, eag to hear what the commander of the Roman Garrison may have report. During the course of this scene, slaves disrobe C and drape him with sheet or towel. In SCENE: Laelius Symm a Metallius.
30) 73) text: Merely to establish tr Bocca movement of the slave army. Pe ce DISSOLVE 10
30) 102) text: Amidst the tents end campfires, the slaves, for the first Bince their great adventure began, are ine state of compl security, oxhilaretion end relaxation. They've reached tn accomplished the impossible, and soon they will take ship homelands end freedom. There is no sense of organization the general rejoicing; everything is spontaneous, everyth ‘different. Here end there men and women, or boys end gir may be seen strolling, arm in erm, or lying before campfi seach other's arms. Younger cnildren scamper about at the games, their SHOUTS and LAUGHTER indulged by their elders Here a father lies on his back, holding ea year-old infan in his erms, laughing at the enild's entices. Some are fe some ere drinking. In b.g. a figure riding on horseback c seen approaching. CAMERA FOLLOWS figure as it ridea towar command tent, eas INT, SPARTACUS! TENT - NIGHT 272-a Twenty leaders ere present along with Varinie end certain the women. Wine is being passed, am the atmosphere is one joviality and relexation. From outside come the jubilant of the slave community rejoicing. CAMERA PANS AROUND tent PICKS UP the following group aé libs. i
31) 18) text: (quietly) i You want these slave to win. GRACCHUS i I want the Republic to survive. H In my opinion it can't survive if i Crassus comes to power, You're still { young. Later on you'll learn to - i accept the truth even when it's | ugly -- and it generally is. 4
31) 75) text: Utter silence. A nightmare landscapsof dead animals, dead men, dead women, thousands upon thousands of them, extend as far as the eye can see in this dim light -- the field death, silent, lost, breathless. Although historians diff on the number of slave and Roman dead at the Battle of th Silarus River, it seems clear that between fifty and a hu thousand lay on the battlefield. It is a field of death, tending as far as the CAMERAS eye can penetrate. Amidst the awesome litter of war we observe smashed bagga wagons, tattered remnants of tents, shattered arms and sn The arms and iegs of dead horses, males, men, women, chil convulsively up-thrust like columns of cacti against the horizon, impart a grotesque sense of unreality. It seems no breathing thing can possibly exist in this land of dea nor hear amidst this silence. Abandoned by the world, los forever forgotten, frozen in the positions at which death them, the vanquished have at last achieved their dream of freedom and of peace. In the immediate foreground a slave soldier sits erect, h head bowed forward as if in prayer. The shifting balance his congealing body causes him abruptly to topple over si with a shocking THUMP. At this moment our CAMERA begins t TRUCK FORWARD. We see the body of David the Jew, transfix by a. spear through his chest. CAMERA MOVES FASTER -- the and more ewiftly, giving us the impression of passing ups through a swift-flowing river of corpses. SOUND of a GROUP walking o.s. CAMERA PAUSES, seems almost listen, then swiftly SWIVELS TO:
31) 91) text: #1888 - Changes 5/4/59 isu 323 CRASSUS (cont'd) {to officers ) I've never seen a sight like this on a battlefield. (glances at bodies again) It's rather -~- remarkable. (to officers) Observe them well and remember them, If this can be called love, and if it is permitted to thrive among slaves, I can think of nothing more dangerous to the state. (pauses -- then, impatiently) Nothing about this battle pleases me! (starts out again, pauses, turns to them) How many prisoners were taken? OFFICER (x} Between two and three thousand thus far. We are still bringing them in. They're in quite bad condition.
35) 35) text: még #1888 - Changes 5/13/59 , 162 360-B CONTINUED aay ‘ x LA While the slaves endure their lashes sulleniy, there a a broken chorus from the doomed slaves.
36) 6) text: Crassus peers at Antoninus thoughtfully, paying no heed t Spartacus at all. We must remember that this SCENE is the . culmination of Crassus personal problem and of his defe his doubts, his fears. They began on the battlefield when he saw love unto death, and feared it, and ordered the cr fixlons; they increased when ne endesvored te have the he less, hopeless prisoners betray Spartacus to him, and the unenimously refused; lesa than hour ago; in his final sce with Varinia, he has perceived that no power cn earth can her yield to him es a woman --= only as a slave, a mars l body which he happens to own but can never really possess Now, reetiess, filled with forebodings and the most searc interest, he has come outside the gates to seek to enligh the mystery of why slaves behave as the Spartacists have behaved, by confronting a slave who ran away from his own household tc join the rebellion. Quiet, restrained, urgen attentive, and somehow saddened by all that has happened, still seeks his answers. CRASSUS. {almost regretfully)’ Well, Antoninus ~» . . the night {X) passes slowly, doean't it? .
36) 81) text: We do not see any crosses from this ANGLE, The gate 1s cl Just outside the gates, which have, of course, a guard de early~comers to Rome have assembled, waiting for the gate open and the commerce of the new day to begin, The whole of the scene, and the attitudes of those who wait, should one of placidity, of patient, waiting inactivity. A teams his wagon loaded high with squashes, arrives before the g as we come into the SHOT, Already there are half a dozen Slaves in charge of their master, a small merchant. They laid aside their burdens, and are sitting on the ground b them, resting. A farmer dozes in the seat of his ox-cart, the ox dozes too. An elderly rich man, seated in his seda chair which has been lowered to the ground by its slave-b (who squat beside 1t on their haunches) kills the time by peeling and eating a banana. | 1 BUGLE inside gate RINGS out, Outside guards come to atten Baggage slaves stir, resume their loads, Slave-bearers li their master's litter. The gates slowly open, revealing o on the inside similarly waiting for exit from the city, T traffic of people and vehicles begins to move in both dir dons through the gate. a Centurion with two or three legi des to assist him, checks, either by direct questioning, swift visual search, each person and vehicle. Rome is sti under the military after Crassus! take-over,