0) 9) text: 28 VISED £/10/59 yo SHOOTING SCHED 2 wo, 1888 TITLE SPARTACUS OIRECTOR Ss ‘i KUBRICK seaRT ASST. DIR. M. GREEN
0) 47) dialog: Se. part 224, 225 VARINIA
0) 53) text: Spartacus and Antoninus | look down and see pirate ships.
1) 10) dialog: 
2) 0) text: | Se. 258, A, B, C, D, E, G Spartacus catches Crixus stealing supplies.
2) 8) dialog: 
3) 0) text: $e. 290, 291 Spartacus discusses strategy - goes to tent. Sc. 290, 291 Reaction shots of Tony.
3) 2) dialog: 
3) 13) dialog: 
4) 4) text: : i ISPARTACUS 4 | Locan D i i Runaway slaves want to join /|20 CHILDREN Spartacus, He tells them (2 WELFARE WORKER he has too many already. {10 HORSES
4) 45) text: 79 = U6 19 = ersr, - 1.3e7 Wt 14h Oresema, G@iebres 24 tee ledles arrive at the achoel, the Aeidd dumandiog ah Shi Bitien of twa pedir oof Gladistora the deeth. Datlaies Beodrte them t+ §be oblle phece tia; and Speeteoee for we pele. Ferinis, if RerFlog bow cheese epille wine an iby mfiiese }letrous, Creveue quickly bare Beeiaeuet eroth, Dobie fights Spartacus je jb areca bet e Eat te bttage the gegete oy the ae, Cee tate bee ground m keiien Gis expertly. - 3 Lind fe = = don 1 aot Speriooes ped Veriogie Gr clower tegather 4: cack amder- eteads the cther?s yearmiog Yer Craniad. Som talle bie go Fora oho da o26 Leste for Grademe! bousgaoldé ty Boga. Me traloar, taupte Spertegos with Ferdode and provokes ihe r @ladiators. jtlowd by tha oh OME, weblog with tha woman and ¢hildres. odes 7¥ tateat the Garrlaco af Capos. He aoe cisiee me willing Farigie ef ble mn. - #10 Tae La = sy = oe L, ocho
4) 50) text: a1) = 347 eI /4 ; - - a0 O16 Eresmee inetroote bis or alaretoy, 20bcniow, bak bosee Bim wap Eee Dey jumps oft the Geloomy and be leat lo the Sarriscg op ik ie * tbe alk. ob erte ble euthority crear Crirae wha farate marckiog on Wee, Fact talis Bim abe ia ORL. AR apIS Ts, 42PeEred ba a abe, Deford Spertesos that Fisté tO @ttack bis arey ib EAr moralng. ay = ajt 16-15 Fy Dar Pe are. = 69 slp 1,164 THe [ela ganraged Co Ager Pirclbiee's aposest of the ammniellacion of the Garriesn. Spartacus acborte bia Foll dunk with ne Bireted for Ler portatico aod feore tee SOLO
4) 62) text: eee IGA = e/a = prer, = Ct 1,371 - a BRacteoue Conpisee Bie wen to dia like @ety, Aw, ant ah the @obent o¢ their mm choopicg, iewtaed of Iie ole ok eleva ms they Bere bad 02 10s. | rasehee gdptieaione Geti 14 kidnap Tar|pye 40d dalivar tap to blip, Gresdoe ond bi ere FEeFled br the Glad¢latore eolmiaeies ca d eee Lgl oe BP arratged momeqt. Antemioos dlecegecds pr * doetrectl o aad tries deaperately ta ELL Spartecos ip order tS be cru in bis plese, Graadi pee to Sperteos i edelretbop for oie abip ooo av ferd bid bead. Spartacus cetuees, preferyiog = ’al 1a L/a = gr = 1,088 Grisekes Le smeeeet flastared whee Batigtas deiteete Tartvia to kim, with the Baby, thowgh It bas pmbiag te do bia Plax to send Ser Sade to her ore Gepeesis ribs god re bec focerer¢ trem bie Ero rifel, Ereseop, Be eberges Pali 1 i
4) 94) text: #1888 - Changes 4/29/59. p\ 2 OAK na and eM ee 4 CP ee SPARTACUS a rte aie es ;
4) 122) text: by Spartacus because they went out\ to fight slaves. Unless I am able\ to persuade you that the enemy we engage tomorrow consider themselves \
4) 156) dialog: (softly) Just hold still. And try not to yell any more.
4) 157) text: The boy opens his eyes, stares up at Spartacus as GUARD r into SCENE, brings his whip down hard across Spartacus' b aqUaRD Damn youl Get up -~ f Spartacus, his face suffused with rage, whirls from his c position, rushes the guard. The guard catches him with th hard butt-end of the whip squarely on the siuil. Spartacu clawing the air, goes down,
4) 218) dialog: spread-eagled on a huge rock, their bodies covered with w their legs and arms bound with chains. Batiatus and the C COME INTO THE SCENE. Battatus regards Spartacus with shar interest. Spartacus' eyes are closed; his breath still he from his exertions.
4) 231) text: SPARTACUS © Freedom! af Guard laughs; Batiatus shrugs. \P
4) 244) text: Exhausted though they are, the pace now compels them to break into a slow run. We see Spartacus and Gannicus among them.
4) 270) text: ~ = Raa el #1888 ~ Changes 2/10/59 co 15 aT CONTINUED 37 BATIATUS (Cont'd) (pause) Approximately half the graduates of our school live on into their forties. Sceme of them even gain thetr freedom, and become trainers themselves. Eh, Marcellus? {Marcellus leers) A trained gladiator ts like a fine stallion, He must be pampered. You will be bathed and shaved, conditioned and oiled and massaged. (touches Marcellus! (x) cauda) You will be given your caudas. You will be warmly clothed, and your food will be the best money can buy. (smirk) At certain intervals you will even be given the companionship of a girl. (to Marcellus, indi- eating Spartacus) Watch the fifth from the end. He's a Thracian. They were going to kill him for hamstringing a guard, yo i) MARCELLUS } We'll break him of that. .
4) 274) text: MARCELLUS i {to all of them) i - All I want 1s for you to get along i | with me. i (goes up to Spartacus) q What’s your name, slave? i . SPARTACUS j (spitting it) ; Spartacus..... slave. ct Marcellus stares hard at him for an instant, then gesture his head to a guard. : . |
4) 284) text: i Spertnne’ grip a on the sword, he hesitates, then leaps forward, thrusts viciously with his sword. The routine of fight has been worked out elsewhere in detail. It is simp demonstration of the trained gladiator's marvellous skili only in evading injury and defending himself with a dagge Fouls the long sword, but also his ability to inflict ter damage on his opponent - Marcellus only pricks the wildly ing Spartacus with his dagger, but each tiny skin-break c a death blow. Most of the punishment he administers with feet, kmees, hips, his free fist, or the broad edge of hi which finally chops down across the back of Spartacus! ne am axe. i Panting, bleecing, exhausted, and now stunned, Spartacus at Marcellus’ feet. Marcellus looks down at him contemptu then nods to the guards. Guards come forward; one retriev sword that has failen from Spartacus’ hand; the other hau to his feet, snaps the chain to his collar. As the guard leases him, Spartacus, conscious out practically paralyze begins to sag. CRIXUS, the slave next to him, a young man thirty with the fierce eyes of a hawk, takes Spartacus! a keep him on his feet. Without a second glance at his vict Marcellus turns to the others.
5) 3) dialog: What's your name?
5) 5) dialog: How long have you been here?
5) 10) dialog: {to Dreba) How long have you been here? Draba doesn't answer.
5) 11) dialog: (puzzled) I'm from Thrace, where do you come from? An air of sullenness seems to settle over everybody in th scene.
5) 18) dialog: (shrugs) Just trying to be friendly.
6) 4) text: Marcellus as he goes, CAMERA trucks with them to: t SPARTACUS! CELL DOOR = MARCELLUS, BATIATUS, VARINIA uy Marcellus unbolts the door, throws it open. i
6) 12) dialog: 
6) 26) dialog: (huskily, softly, a Her eyes widen with surprise. She makes no other movement for suddenly their moment of recognition is interrupted b obscene GIGGLE of Batiatus 0.8, Spartacus freezes, his he swiveling tceward the SOUND, until he discovers: THE GRILL IN CEILING -:ABOVE - FROM SPARTACUS’ P.O,V. 50- Batiatus, Marcellus and the guard ar@ watching, all of th convulsed by the shameful confession they've overheard.
6) 37) text: #1888 - Changes 3/6/59 CONTINUED 50-c :! SPARTACUS ji (gasping) I'll Kili youl | Marcellus' boot comes down on the doubled fist.that keeps
6) 38) text: Spartacus aloft. Instantly he crashes to the floor. Batia peers down as he struggles to his feet.
6) 43) dialog: {barely a whisper) I'm not an animal! A ripple of physical'relief passes through Varinia's body Her surprised, unbelieving eyes examine every line of his pale, tight face. A smile touches her lips.
7) 0) text: In the far b.g. we SEE a twin line of experienced gladiat clad in the uniforms of their profession with the right-a guards, violently feinting and thrusting with wooden swor Trainers watch; guards are in evidence everywhere. There a closer o.s. SOUND OF FEET beating against the earth in In the f.g. we see our newly arrived gladiators working w the blade machine and the mechanical shield-and-mace, Mar 4s in charge, watching them closely. The great blades are sheathed with padded leather; nonetheless they are still to send a man spinning to the earth if he misses a leap, fails on the next turn, to duck and let the blade pass ov him. Spartacus is not in scene. WHISTLE BLOWS, The two machines lumber to a halt. The trainees, their bodies run with sweat, their breath coming in gasps, line up under t prodding of the guards, Marcellus faces them.
7) 13) dialog: His eyes follow Varinia hungrily.
7) 16) dialog: 
8) 0) text: The celi door opens, Spartacus rises. One or two guards appear with Varinia in tow. She looks across at him, her blank of any emotion. The humiliation of being disposed o ike an animal permits no emoticn; she simply witacraws fr herself, removes herself frem her body, so to speak, so t it is not she at all who 1s being dealt with, but some st some otner person altogether. Spartacus stsres at her, al wild with the wonder tnat sae should be bestowed upon nim second time. Mercellus APPEARS in b.g. of doorway,
8) 10) text: Next pair! Spartacus and Gannicus disengage themselves, approach the ference. They run into the pattern. They duck and leap al nately. CLOSE ON MARCELLUS 58-a x MARCELLUS x (to slaves turning blades) Faster!
8) 46) text: Somewhat dazed, he tries to pick himself up. He has to pa all fours to shake the fog from his brain. Spartacus boun SCENE, offers his hand. Draba, his face expressionless, a the proffered aid. Then, as he almost achieves his feat, gives Spartacus' hand a swift, fierce tug which sends Spa sprawling face forward on the ground. Spartacus twists li cat, starts to rise---to find Draba's sword-tin at hia th He stares up at Draba in shocked surprise, his eyes wide questioning. Draba simple gazes down at him, and holds th at his throat. Marcellus bounds INTO SCENE, followed by B MARCELLUS Wwe MARCELLU. Ve » I told you giadiators have no friends}
8) 55) text: Spartacus rises, casts a furious giance at Draba, starts
8) 75) text: ANOTHER ANGLE ~ TOWARD PCOL - FAVORING DRABA . 1h The tell African is just pulling himself out of the pool. Spartacus spots him, grins, siips up from behind and with
8) 77) dialog: 
8) 80) text: Draba gives him « scornful lock. With one powerful stroke reaches the edgs of the pool sgain, pulls himself out and faces Spartacus. : {tonele Kiliing’s xe
8) 85) text: He turns away, adjusts himself on his side, his back to Spartacus.
8) 87) dialog: What's that?
8) 89) dialog: What do you do with it?
8) 91) dialog: What kind of work is a rabbi?
8) 93) dialog: If he's the true god, why doesn't he get you out of here? While David, frowning at the ceiling, considers this, Dra on the other side of Spartacus, answers without turning h face toward them.
11) 13) dialog: ile, (after a moment) : I'd have to. So would you.
11) 15) dialog: (after a long thought; very quietly} Yes, I---I'd kill. I'd try to stay alive, and you will too. A guard ENTERS. “GUARD Form up in the training area, Some visitors want to admire you. . They look silently at one another, then move out at the prodding of the guard.
11) 33) text: CLOSE ON SPARTACUS « IN FRONT ROW go He is staring et then as if they were the animals on disp rethor than himself, Varinial, scarcely ten foet eway, we Spartacus with dread in her elves. 4 Sie Wa = REVERSE ANGLE ~ THROUGH TIE ZARS - TEE GUESTS $l
11) 56) text: selection. Helena and Clgudie have moved a bit away from Batiatus and Mercellus atiatus is holding a soft, inaudib conversation with his tra ner. Helenats eyes wander over several gladiators ineluding Spartacus, then return to Spartacus. Her eyes sweep him from head to toe, then slow back again. ar erene us glares at her--- then insolently inspec in. Batiatus realizes they're about choice, ruehes up to them.
13) 0) text: It ia dark inside the shed. |They sit in silence, DRUMS 0 Draba is stern and impassive Spartacus watches him covert as one has the right to watch his future murderer. Crixus @lares fiercely straight ahead. Galino is completely wrap in his thoughts. There is ngthing to say, nothing to do b walt for the fatal SOUND of the WHISTLE. WHISTLE BLOWS, A freeze. Door swings open. Marcellus APPEARS in bright sha of sunlight, Guards behind him.
13) 11) text: Slowly to the tench, sits down carefully, stares straight Spartacus and Draba, whose eyes have been fixed on him fr moment of his entry, ex¢hange their first glance with eac Marcellus APPEARS in doorway. ;
14) 25) text: FLASH SHOT = ARENA « SPARTACUS 109 stupefied, staring, just extricating himself from net.
18) 1) text: (x) |} He stands about fifth in line from those who are receivin food from the women. Spartacus! eyes, with growing alarm, among the women. Third man behind him is Gannicus. Ahead is David the Jew. -
18) 6) dialog: (softly) Where's Varinia? The woman, about to answer, is prevented from doing so by sudden appearance of Marcellus. He grins at Spartacus, po toward the barred window,
18) 10) text: ‘ (x) Spartacus, his face blank and wild, turns back to Marcell
18) 26) dialog: “With ane terrible, chopping blow of his fist to the nape guard's neck, he kills him.
20) 59) text: They gallop toward Spartacus and his men, coming from the tion in which Spartacus' group is pointed.
20) 67) dialog: 
20) 87) dialog: staring down at the activity. Then he spurs his horse com starts to canter down the incline toward the school.
20) 89) dialog: Re watches the activity for a moment, then turns, and slo
20) 91) dialog: He passes between those long walls, utterly alone, regard desolation and wreckage which presents itself on every ha something close to wonder. He recognizes everything, yet it is entirely different. And he, of course, is entirely ent. While he makes this solitary, meditative walk-throug is actually not aware of the SHOUTS AND SOUNDS of bustlin ity which proceed from other side of the wall.
21) 0) text: He walks slowly through the center passageway. Doore hang erazily on their hinges, debris and marks of the fire sre apparent everywhere, Spartacus, moving as in a dream, slo approaches the steps, at the top of which is the arch fro Draba's body was suspended, He pauses, gazes up at it for moment. Only the cut rope remains, Then he turns, retrace his steps to his own cell, He enters the cell,
22) 5) dialog: Gazing into the past, and the memory of the girl who made barely tolerable, His intense absorption in the past, in dream of Varinia, has subdued all SOUNDS of external acti Now, however, the quality of outer SOUNDS changes. As his attention is diverted to tham, he listens, frowns. Outsid men are JEERING, EOOTING, MOCKING, He rises slowly, still listening, still puzzled,
22) 7) dialog: Ee freezes as he stares into the arena, sees:
22) 16) dialog: How do you like it? Fighting each other like animals while your new masters bet which ons of you'll be the first to die? (pause; a surge of disgust and er) Throw your swords down. The Romans stand stupefied. Spartacus, ali his thoughts o Varinia, is having difficulty controlling himself, so ter is his hatred of Rome and the Romans. The Romans can't be what is happening to them, They blink stupidly, remain tr fixed. _ A rising OUTCRY from the disappointed spectators,
22) 31) dialog: Wetll see plenty of Roman blood, but we're through with their games. A “(to Romans) Now get out of here! i i
22) 34) dialog: I'm not doing this to save yous I'm doing it to save us. Let's ‘j burn this place down. i evidenced by the SHOUT that rises among them, and the eag with which they swarm off, torches high, to carry forward That hia perception of their emotional needs was correct happy labors of destruction, {
23) 8) text: as Spartacus and his men ride away from Capua; that two o three field sleves, newly escaped, run alongside the wago trying to clamber aboard; that helping hands assist them.
24) 14) dialog: Why -- why don't you say something?
24) 16) dialog: (sees the horror in her eyes) You shouldn't have watched.
24) 23) dialog: You -- love me? She nods) All my life I never dared dream of love. When I was in the mines T squeezed my heart so tight there was no room for love -- only hate. And then that night you walked into my cell and I looked at you == and touched your skin and felt ycur hair. For a moment I dared to dream again. Then suddenly you were gone. T squeezed my heart tighter than ever. There was no room for anything but hate. (softly) Make room for me, Spartacus. Please. . - ? She sinks slowly to her knees, and he with her.
24) 24) dialog: (quietly) You're free now.
24) 26) dialog: Nobody can sell you. Wobody can give you away. Nobdscdy can make you stay with anyone.
24) 30) dialog: You don't even have to stay with me, You could leave me if you wanted to.
24) 32) dialog: (softly) I do forbid you. He squeezes her tightly. We must remember the ferocity of passion in such a man when for the first time in his life holds a woman in his arms. He understands none of the del cacy of love-making. He is like a bear in his inexperienc ail He hurts her.
24) 33) dialog: I forbid youl
27) 23) text: 218 219 #1888 - Changes 6/24/59 89 FULL WIDE ANGLE - CAMP OF SPARTACUS AT VESUVIUS ~ DAY ery The lofty, tree-ringed redoubt teems with activity, Carpe ters repair wagons, setting up rude structures; butchers Slaughter animals and fowl, prepare them for cooking; the is a central food depot, and ovens with women baking brea spits with halves of beeves roasting above them. The vari of tredes is infinite. Most importantly, we see the commu of male Slaves receiving training exactly like that which received by the zladistors at Capua, yet more severe. The Capua machines ere in use; trainees carry sae log beams, chin with the weight of rocks, they work with the swords- everything has a quicker tempo than at Capua, everything greater air of determination beacause, of course, it is v In far f.g, teams of men scale the rocky sides of the esc crawling up like flies, then leaping down incredible dist
27) 41) dialog: {advancing ) I'm Spartacus. They stare at him with something close to awe---a slave w rebelled agsinst his master and stili lives.
27) 42) dialog: : (frowning) You people bring too many women. The Old Crone, ragged and almost toothless, leaps forward him at ea foot's distance, her eyes blazing.
27) 44) dialog: All right, grandmother---stay with us, We'll need a million Roman Shrouds before we're through! He swings her to the ground, turns to the general group.
27) 50) dialog: Our rules are simple: hard work, no stealing, and the women belong to themselves, Now where are you people from?
27) 52) dialog: (nedding) What work did you do there?
27) 54) dialog: We need carpenters. {to next man) What do you do?
27) 56) dialog: Then you can take charge of our food supplies, Report to the worn Varinia, t (passes to Antoninus, notices his clothes, feels his garments} Well. What «ind of work did you do?
27) 60) dialog: (amusing the crowd and himseif) Do you do anything else?
27) 66) text: aoe SPARTACUS Ah! Magic, We need all the magic we can find up here. {to crowd) Maybe he can make the Romans dis- appear. {back to Antoninus) If youtre going to stay here you'll have to learn something useful. Patulus will teach you to be a 0 butcher. Crixus will teach you to kill with the short sword. We want men here ~--- not poets? He turns away from them, EXITS. Antoninus is still flushe embarrassment and anger. - |. DISSOLVE To
27) 68) text: ! CRIXUS, SUCH OTHERS AS ARE NEEDED - NIGHT fy t ANTONINUS By Each of you take an egg and hold it. i He hands an egg to David, to Varinia, and to Spartacus. SPARTACUS s (ami ling) 3 Thanks. I haven't had an egg in days, |
27) 75) dialog: {as he cracks) This is one bird that isn't going fo get away. He separates the shell---and his hands are covered with r egg. Moment of shocked silence while he stares at the mes David burats into hearty laughter, Hscapees titter nervou
27) 76) dialog: _ Slowly he lifts his face and eyes from the mess in his to the face of Antoninus, He is compelled to smile,
27) 85) dialog: Where did you learn songs like that?
27) 87) dialog: Who did you sing them for?
27) 93) dialog: I was wrong, poet...you will not learn to kill, You will teach us songs.
27) 95) dialog: (simply) No. Anyone can learn to fight.
27) 97) dialog: (pauses } There's a time for fighting...and there's a time for singing. Now you will teach us to sing. Sing, Antoninus. He turns away, the matter settled. He and Varinia EXIT, loud, angry.
27) 100) dialog: Anyone can learn to fight. But to sing beautiful things and make you believe them. Varinta, when does it begin?
27) 102) dialog: I'm free and what do I know? I don't even know how to read, Varinia!
27) 109) dialog: erenaily, Fasrnitels! Euarything. hire a ster fHlia ant a bird dosso's, Wheta Bhe sao goes ab sight. why tha noon obenges shape. Cooft braade Tlittars bar Deity he couche the toqk] Towiet 63 booed soete the Wied coord trom,
27) 131) dialog: (quietly) Leave him alone. By now the area is crowded, with new arrivals, They all watch Spartacus and Crixus, Spartacus reaches down, takes the min by the arm, helps him (not too gently) to rise.
27) 132) dialog: Where do you think you'd run to?
27) 140) dialog: (gently) Shhhbhé (child quiets, looks at him curiously) Now what is it? Skhhi
27) 142) dialog: (tenderly) We have no home. We're free. The crowd 1s not completely silent. Still holding the chi to his breast, Spartacus turns, faces Crixus, smiles.
27) 143) dialog: Well, Crixus---you've been wanting to march on Rome, We don't have to mow. Rome's come to use He hands tne child toe Varinia, who takes it lovingly.
27) 144) dialog: (to all of them) Now let's see what we gan do about this army of theirs. \ He starts off, others following quietly, confidently.
28) 0) text: Present are Spartacus, David, Crixus, otners. They are systematically going through chests, papers, ete
28) 1) dialog: (sniffing deep) Place smelis like e rose-garden. {picks up legate's wand) What's this?
28) 10) dialog: I've been looking for you. | ; ANTONINUS i (defensively) { What did you expect me to do? |
28) 11) dialog: (grin) H| . What you did. You fought well, too. u Rising SHOUT from outside; ali start for tent exit. |
28) 14) text: t Glabrus raises his head, looks at Spartacus, i i" SFARTACUS i That's better. And stop shaking. | What's your name? i é
28) 24) dialog: Stand up! That's better. That's the way a noble Roman should stand before his master, Do you think we're going to kill you? Are you afraid of dying? You shouldn't be, Haven't you seén enough gladiators in the arena to learn how easy it is to die? Of course you have. Speak to me, Roman,
28) 27) dialog: (nodding) That's a good idea, {to Glabrus) Shall we strip you down to your loincloth and give you a knife and find out for ourselves the color of Roman blood?
28) 29) dialog: Maybe you should have. And your men too, You might have won, (pause) You did fight tonight, didn't you? LAUGHTER from the crowd, Crixus draws his sword from the scabbard and advances tow Glabrus.
28) 38) dialog: No, Crizus. Put your sword back. Crixus reluctantly lowers his sword. The crowd, torn betw disappointment and curlosity, quiets to see what will hap Spartacus reaches into his belt, withdraws the ivory bato which he picked up while inside the tent.
28) 39) dialog: (holding it close to Glabrus! face) De you recognize this baton? You should. The man who carries it carries all the power of the senate, all the power of Rome. (breaks it, thrusts it into Glabrus! belt) Take.it back to your senate. Teil them you and that broken stick are all that's left of the Garrison. of Rome. Tell them we dontt want any- thing except our freedom. Tell them all we want is to get out of this cursed og. Tell Them we're marching \s out! © the sea, and we'll m7 smash ever’ xhey send against usi f (to others) Put him on a horse}
28) 42) dialog: Now we can start for brundusium]
28) 48) dialog: His face is now filled with joy and exultation.
28) 99) text: one in Spain, the other in Asia. eS as Pirates have cut off our Egyptian a ane 3 erain supply. Spartacus raids the \ ae commerce of all south Italy. Half a Ae the precincts of Rome are without we AS bread. I suggest this is no tine Ss for aman of nonor to withdrew fron public affaira.
28) 115) text: ( GRACCHUS (Cont'd) ean clean up this mess without rune ning to him for nelp, he may regret this noble scene today. There are two things we must do immediately: ! confirm Caesar as permanent comman- ! der of the Garrison, and assign two legions to intercept and destroy Spartacus at tne city of Luceria. | A rising ROAR of approval, Repetition of the word "Luce | if practical. : i DISSOLVE 10 } 2h8-E OMITTED : : 248-5
28) 139) dialog: That's what we've been doing - isn't it? The veal problem is when we do get to Brundusium there * won't be eneugh ships.
28) 143) dialog: We'll get more shipss By) ' €RIXUS 6 yy Who!li get more ships? looks at Antoninus. SPARTACUS“ Tn (quietly) Antoninus, You're Tamil with Brundusiun, aren't you?
28) 145) dialog: Do you still remember enough about the country to find your way there?
28) 147) dialog: Good. Nobody ever suspects a travelling juggler and magician. Tell them we'll need twice as many ships as we thcught. And when we get there we'll bring another hundred thousand gold sesterces,
28) 159) dialog: If you can make canaries come out of chicken eggs - you'll find two ships where there was only one.
28) 167) dialog: 257-8 OMITTED thru |
28) 174) dialog: Silently laughing, he tosses another stone.
28) 185) dialog: That's what happens when people mun around without any clothes on,
28) 187) dialog: Same thing. Come here.
28) 189) dialog: (shrug) Then get dressed,
28) 191) dialog: _ (starting toward her) I'll come and get you. | ‘
28) 201) dialog: She is struggling furiously in his arms, and he is laughi
28) 204) dialog: (burrowing in for enother kiss} Why?
28) 206) dialog: For a moment he simply stares at hor, unable to speak, un even to think, Then, very slowly, as if she were unbelisy
28) 209) dialog: (awed, apologetic voice) Oh, I'm sorry, Varinia, You should <--you should tell people. A thing like that, Did I hurt you? Varinia is pleased with the cowed look sha has preduced i of his insolent, confident laughter. She decides to forgi him. But slowly.
28) 212) dialog: (huskily, nodding placatingly) Sure. He approaches her eas carefully as if she would crumble a Delicately one hand touches each of her shculders. Gently brushes his lips against her's. Then he releases her, She stands, clutching her sheet about her, This kiss wae simp disgusting. She is alarmed lest its sort characterize her entire pregnency. She glances at his poncho-~-her glance
30) 86) dialog: (looki off, nodding About twelve miles. The garrison has run ewey, and we contrel all the back country.
30) 93) dialog: Take word to the rear. Teli all units we camp by the sea tonight.
30) 102) text: Amidst the tents end campfires, the slaves, for the first Bince their great adventure began, are ine state of compl security, oxhilaretion end relaxation. They've reached tn accomplished the impossible, and soon they will take ship homelands end freedom. There is no sense of organization the general rejoicing; everything is spontaneous, everyth ‘different. Here end there men and women, or boys end gir may be seen strolling, arm in erm, or lying before campfi seach other's arms. Younger cnildren scamper about at the games, their SHOUTS and LAUGHTER indulged by their elders Here a father lies on his back, holding ea year-old infan in his erms, laughing at the enild's entices. Some are fe some ere drinking. In b.g. a figure riding on horseback c seen approaching. CAMERA FOLLOWS figure as it ridea towar command tent, eas INT, SPARTACUS! TENT - NIGHT 272-a Twenty leaders ere present along with Varinie end certain the women. Wine is being passed, am the atmosphere is one joviality and relexation. From outside come the jubilant of the slave community rejoicing. CAMERA PANS AROUND tent PICKS UP the following group aé libs. i
30) 124) dialog: Well, Antoninus -- how many ships have we got? ‘ ANTONIAUS We heve no ships. There is a moment of near silence while they gaze at him plexedly, inereduicusly. Then one or two burst into uneas laughs. But Crixus isn't lsughing; he 5006 up to Antoninu grasps his shoulaer -- hard. i CRIXUS Ali right. let's ges the jokes ever with. How many ships are waiting fer us et Brundus iun?
30) 145) dialog: (with decision) Since they won't let us escape from Italy - there's only one thing we can do.
30) 147) dialog: (faint smile) Yes, Crixus - Rome,
30) 159) dialog: If we turn north and smash Crassus before Pompey catches up to us fron the rear, Rome is ours. And we'll end this war the only way it ever could have ended «| by freeing every slave in Italy.
30) 161) dialog: Tonight. There is a moment of silence.
30) 163) dialog: Tell them we've smashed nine Roman armies in a row, there's no reason why we can't smash the tenth. Just tell them the truth, Explain to them we haven't any other choice. one by one they all file OUT, Spartacus and Varinia are l alone. SOUNDS of jubilation continue from o.s. For a mome they gaze across at each other in silence.
30) 164) dialog: It'll be hard on you s+ travelling and the baby so near.
30) 166) dialog: No pains yet?
30) 172) dialog: He wants to see his mother. Can you blame him? .
30) 174) dialog: No, but something's happening to us, Varinia, No matter how many times we beat them -- still they'll have anotle r army to send ageinst us. And another. They're too meny, and we're too few. And SOsee next month or next year...it ends.
30) 176) dialog: If they all die? I gave the orders, Varinia! I'm the one who brought them hereJ How can I be sure I was right?
30) 178) dialog: I feel so lonely. Her eyes widen. A lcok of infinite pity comes to ner face With both arms she draws his head downward to her breast, if he were a chile, and sha his comforter. After nis brie dnatant of surrender to the warmth of her sympathy and lo he jerks his head away from her embrace.
30) 181) dialog: Don't make me weak{ |
30) 186) dialog: And part of me will be alive. Stay i, alive for me, Varinial i ‘ a DISSOLVE TO ’ 273-A “A: thru B OMITTED ane 274 EXT, SENATE BUILDING - DAY - FULL SHOT 2h The steps are crowded with pale, silent, fearful citizens staring upward toward the ominously locked doors of the s
31) 134) text: * CRASSUS . é (calmy, quietly) ' j : You're lying. It shows in your 1 eyes, Tell me the truth. Where . : is Spartacus?
31) 177) dialog: A certain distance apart from Antoninus. Spartacus looks Antoninus.
31) 185) text: He lies! I'm Spartacus! Let me go free! ==
31) 187) text: (middle-aged man) This one’s a baby! i'm Spartacus!
31) 197) dialog: 
31) 204) text: b 1 "( ¥ PRISONERS (Cont'd) t net - No -s= there's Spartacus over there! | No, no, I saw him killedi He's just } over the hill! You saw somebody else ~~ I'm Spartacus! So you are, so you are --- hail, ) Spartacus!
31) 210) dialog: Yes! Tg (he rises) 4 i Me ~-- I'm Spartacus tool I'm } SpartacusT | eginning to laugh ; with those around him) I am Spartecus!
32) 0) text: Batiatus. A line of prisoners is in the scene, they are chained and manacled, bearded, their faces covered with f and bleod. Among them, Spartacus and Antoninus. Batiatus starts violently as he recognizes Spartacus. Spartacus, a of the recognition, gives him a terrible glare of warning hatred. Batiatus rushes to Crassus.
33) 72) text: Among them one who has to be supported by the youth who { was the second to identify himself as Spartacus. “The man is obvicusly hopelessly cripple. Legionaries ENTER, quick uneuff him.
35) 42) dialog: i
35) 48) dialog: 
35) 51) dialog: Yes. Another bird responds thrillingly. SPARTACUS (Cont'd) And there's his mate. Antoninus, do you remember that egg trick you used to play?
35) 53) dialog: . (with a smile) I have thought about it often.
35) 55) dialog: (nodding slowly) I think of that row of crosses, I ‘ think of Varinia. I think of my son -- dead. (pause) Yes, I weep, Antoninus.
35) 57) dialog: Just by fighting them we won something. When just one man says "no, I won't -~ Rome begins to fear. We were tens ef thousanés who ‘said "no",
35) 63) dialog: I don't know. Yet sometimes I close my eyes and think to myself, "Tomorrow I'll know.*® {pause) Why do I keep thinking that tomorrow Itll know something?
36) 6) text: Crassus peers at Antoninus thoughtfully, paying no heed t Spartacus at all. We must remember that this SCENE is the . culmination of Crassus personal problem and of his defe his doubts, his fears. They began on the battlefield when he saw love unto death, and feared it, and ordered the cr fixlons; they increased when ne endesvored te have the he less, hopeless prisoners betray Spartacus to him, and the unenimously refused; lesa than hour ago; in his final sce with Varinia, he has perceived that no power cn earth can her yield to him es a woman --= only as a slave, a mars l body which he happens to own but can never really possess Now, reetiess, filled with forebodings and the most searc interest, he has come outside the gates to seek to enligh the mystery of why slaves behave as the Spartacists have behaved, by confronting a slave who ran away from his own household tc join the rebellion. Quiet, restrained, urgen attentive, and somehow saddened by all that has happened, still seeks his answers. CRASSUS. {almost regretfully)’ Well, Antoninus ~» . . the night {X) passes slowly, doean't it? .
36) 8) text: ; , Antoninus glares at him. Crassus walks over to Sparta CRASSUS — Who are you, gladiator? What is ' ° . your name? G Spartacus doesn't answer.
36) 11) dialog: (with a smile) What troubles you, Crassus? Where is your victory? Has it eluded you? Has Spartacus eluded you? Look at me, Crassus -- could I be Spartacus? Crassus will never know, will he? \ . Why do you want Spartacus so much? : Was your victory no victory unless you could look into his eyes and laugh at him -- and spit in his i" face? Well, I am just a gladiator ~- i just a slave, *but I am laughing at you, and I apit in your facel — (NOTE: ALTERNATE VERSION) “anon * but, I am looking at y and I am laughing in your face.
36) 14) text: —_— ant He Spits full in‘Crassus‘ face. Crassus doesn't react at He is“still held in the terrible spell that this scene ha . thrown over him. He takes a handkerchief from his belt ‘ wipes his face, still Crore at Spartacus, Then he turns away, calls off,
36) 32) dialog: Why are you doing this? It takes . Gays to die on the cross. .
36) 36) text: sO we better can view the desperation of their charges an evasions, Both men have the look of death. Antoninus lung Spartacus swivels, throws him over his hip, chops down ha the base of his neck, Antoninus falls, Spartacus is on hi like a panther. , ,
36) 38) dialog: heaving with exhaustion, He stares down at Antoninus with an expression of intolerable agony,
36) 40) text: very close to each other, Antoninus smiling, at peace; Spartacus knowing that not for one second of life remaini to him will he ever have peace,
36) 51) dialog: (dead voice, filled . with hatred and horror) He'll ccme back, And he'll be millions. Alternate Line: Here's -- your victory. . i (x}
36) 52) text: Crassus glances at the body of Antcninus, loolke in Spart face, and turns aside. He starts off, leaving Spartacus ( staring after him, still holding the murdered body of Ant Suddenly, however, he turns back.
36) 54) dialog: (a chocked gasp) Varinia --- |. .
36) 108) text: (scoffing) | ‘\ ? That's no glare, he's dying. ‘They f all look that way, : t w\ fra ragged woman ENTERS SCENE, carrying a stone jar. S \‘ among the soldiers with her wares, : CAMERA (eyes of Spartacus leaves the group, PANS TO:
36) 111) text: Get away, chickenethief | Dog YELPS, starts to run, CAMERA (the eyes of Spartacus) - lows dog in: 49 BRIEF PAN SHOT ~ WITH Doc hig faggots (middle-aged ones), The proprietor of the donkey up into CAMERA as he passes toward Appian gate, Dog, movi away from Appian gate, terminates his flight before a cha brazier. The woman of the previous scene is returning to fire for fresh wares. She looks casually up at CAMERA, th mairesses herself to her roasting chestnuts and smoking s “og sniffs the air hungriiy. \ The animal scuttles between the legs of a donkey loaded
36) 144) text: mp 422 423 “ 4a4 425 426 ‘bundle the child, exposing its head, shoulders and tiny #1888 - Changes 6/4/59 : . 288 CLOSEUP - SPARTACUS 422. The cross, of which very little is visible, should be of rather than the Christian conformation, Spartacus stares at Varinia through eyes that have already scummed over wi death, Hach line of his face is etched with agony. He is dying of thirst, of exposure, of wounds, of shock, His li seem to struggle frantically for speech, but nothing come not even the discernible shape of a single silent syllabl Tears still flowing. from her eyes, she begins hastily to She holds 1t a5 high as she can,
36) 161) dialog: The struggle continues. |
36) 188) dialog: (hoarse whisper) ort Free | . : aA ow REVERSE ANGLE - FROM HIS POINT OF VIEW - iy VEHICLE 436 Fleeing down the Appian Way, Varinla stilf looking back, waving in the hope that an instant's understanding may ma her farewell comprehensible to him,
36) 190) dialog: (hoarse, but a voice now, and now a whisper; a voice that thrills with victory) : Free --- He dies. He dies instantly. The effort to utter, above a whisper and in recognizable human voice, the one word tha symbolizes his life and his victory, has Killed him. But son goes free, a MED, TRUCKING SHOT — THE VEHICLE — VARINIA AND CHILD 438
36) 191) text: ‘ ‘varinia 4s still looking toward Rome, toward the cross |) the eyes of Spartacus which she hopes will see and und =-~ and she 1s waving --- and the child is held in such a position that if the slightest flicker of consciousness, ever mute, remains in Spartacus, he will see and know, Bu does not see. He has seen everything. Varinia has shared him the last unhappiness: she does not know that he heard everything; and he, who wanted her so to know, couldn't t her. But the audience, which has shared Varinia's frustra knows. And it is the avdience's triumph that it knows. Fo if our previous efforts have been successful and, in some degree, true, the audience very much wanted communication tween the two principals at that moment. And it got what principals could not get (but did), and could never know. gudience will feel the Watery: too, for we shall have mad theirs, En Aas