3) 5) dialog: 
4) 31) text: PARTACUS 5- (STAGE 12 N ‘ VARINIA pyare ~ |
6) 1) text: MED, SHOT . FAVORING BATIATUS : . he He stands alone, watching benignly as the girle shuffle p him, Varinia appears in the line, He reaches out, takes h arm, disengages her from the line, CLOSE SHOT ~ BATIATUS, VARINIA a)
6) 4) text: Marcellus as he goes, CAMERA trucks with them to: t SPARTACUS! CELL DOOR = MARCELLUS, BATIATUS, VARINIA uy Marcellus unbolts the door, throws it open. i
6) 16) dialog: She stands almost midway between door and Spartacus, wher impact of Batiatus' thrust has sent her. She gazes squaze at Spartacus, her eyes cold and knowing and remote. She k what is in store for her; she proposes to resist or outwi if and as long as she can; and, when her strength is gone yield to him coldly, emoticnlessly, and without surrender flicker of curiosity creases her forehead as she observes before her, so still, his eyes so filied with questions.
6) 25) dialog: Slowly he reaches out wlth the flat of his hand, barely touches her hair. At the instant of contact his hand flie backward two or three inches, as if burnt. Then the hand comes forward again, not flat this time, but with finger- tips distended like the antennae of an inset, . With the caution, with che most exquisite delicacy, his finger-tip touch the skin of her cheek, move slowly downward to the of her throat, where they pause for a moment and withdraw looks from her throat to his fingertips, and then into he His face mirrors a struggle of conflicting emotions: fear desire, wonder almost to the point of worship, eagerness and shame. He shakes his head once or twice, tries zo fin his voice. ery of hunger, an % appeal for help Keg I --- I -+- I've never had;a woman -- | aN
6) 44) dialog: (softly) Neither am I... A hot, anguished torrent of shame for his confession caus him to avert his face, even, perhaps, to cover it from he eyes.
7) 12) dialog: She 1s barefoot, in kitchen rags, carrying across her sho @ yalk from which two wooden pails of water are suspended Despite her burden, her head is held high, and her gait i that of a young goddess.
8) 0) text: The celi door opens, Spartacus rises. One or two guards appear with Varinia in tow. She looks across at him, her blank of any emotion. The humiliation of being disposed o ike an animal permits no emoticn; she simply witacraws fr herself, removes herself frem her body, so to speak, so t it is not she at all who 1s being dealt with, but some st some otner person altogether. Spartacus stsres at her, al wild with the wonder tnat sae should be bestowed upon nim second time. Mercellus APPEARS in b.g. of doorway,
10) 15) text: INT, AWTRIUY « HOUSE oF a a ek A noble, seriecpen room, with a reflecting gool, giving a fer end onto a balcony from which Pichts may be witnessed the private arena below at the rear of the house, Zatiatu CLAPS hands briskly, Servants leap into action, Amongst t we see Varinia. |
10) 20) text: 86 #1888 ~ Changes 2/25/59 \ 38 MED, CLOSE SHOT - varryr BEHIND CHATR - CRASSUS PACING HE There is gomething in his| direct, inquiring glance thaf Varinia almost visibly to,withdray into herself, Crassus! sweop her from head to foots not insolently, not even sen == but with the considered admiration of a connoisseur, B nervously ENTERS, \
11) 33) text: CLOSE ON SPARTACUS « IN FRONT ROW go He is staring et then as if they were the animals on disp rethor than himself, Varinial, scarcely ten foet eway, we Spartacus with dread in her elves. 4 Sie Wa = REVERSE ANGLE ~ THROUGH TIE ZARS - TEE GUESTS $l
12) 12) text: For Gracqhus, hatred of the patrician class is ‘a profession, (pauses briefly, while Varinia replenishes wine; his eyes follow her) And not aibed one, elther. How else does one become master of the mob and firstisenator of Rome? Varinia passes ata Claudia, comes up to Glabrus, pours wi
12) 18) text: (1ifting her skirts slightly) If her ankles ere good, you may be sure an arrengement was made. Crassus has his eyes directly on Varinia's face. She flar red, With cautious aim, she drops her tray squarely on Gl head, spattering him with wine.
12) 29) text: (severely) It was an accident, {to Varinia} Come here, girl. Varinia stands before rim.
14) 54) text: #1888 ~ Changes 2/24/59 53-0 ANOTHER ANGLE - CRASSUS, HELENA, VARINIA 1i4 As Crassus pesses a few feet in front of Varinia, he paus gazes at her intently. Varinia, pale and straight, stares back at him. Crassus bows, Then he turns and EXITS. Varin gives no sign of recognizing his gesture, or even of havi seen him. Eatiatus APFEARS behind her, peering simidly ov the rear of the box. He sees that the danger has passed - with it, his guests. He rises, starts off after them, his voice piteous.
15) 0) text: Moving stealthily from one pool of shadow to the next, ke elose to walls, darting across open spaces like a frighte bird. It is Varinia, pursuing her stealthy way toward the cell house. Remote SOUND of a man singing a lament in som foreign tongue COMES OVER this and subsequent scenes.
16) 0) text: He stands before the door, a weary, middle-aged man, abso in his secret thoughts. He locks off. He sees Varinia ap- proaching. He appears not surprised. 2
18) 8) text: REVERSE ANGLE - THROUGH BARRED WINDOW ~ VARINIA, Baer, OT Varinia is already seated in the rear of a cart. ' She is dressed, A slave holds the horses, another sits in the dr seat, Ramon is just ascending the cart. |
20) 2) text: Varinia RUN THROUGH THE SCENE.
20) 22) text: begins to ‘shudder; Batiatus reins in the animals, ve he succeeds in halting, the wheel comes off, the cart 1s dragged on its aide for a short distance, Varinia thrown free of ti eart, lands teaide the road on her side Batiatus rides it down witheut injury, climbs from the wr age, Burvey: it. Varinla tegins to worm her way slowly, p fully, towaré the woods.
20) 26) dialog: I cans, With a gesture of impatience, Batiatus moves to her, take arm, helps her to ner feet
20) 31) text: He turns, starts for the horse. Varinia turns away from h starts running toward the woods. Hearing the SCUND of her steps, Batiatus whiris, stares after her in stupefaction, calis out:
20) 41) dialog: She turns her head at the SOUND of his voice, then contin toward the woods, running like @ deer.
24) 4) dialog: 
24) 5) text: fi t approaching Varinia, and now beginning to pass her. i
24) 15) dialog: You're so different. -The only memory I have of you is the last one. It blotted all the others out. You in the arene -- waiting to die. f . {pause) . I was waiting too. Out there in the sand I was dying with you.
24) 17) dialog: T had to. I loved you. Stunned silence; a long pause.
24) 29) dialog: dg #1888 = Changes 7/6/59 65 ~~ 181 © CONTINUED - 2 161 Be VARINIA (softly) Nobody.
24) 31) dialog: I love you, Spartacus. I give my- self to you. Forbid me ever to leave you. A look of pride, of relief, of conquest in its loveliest most loving sense, suffuses bis face. He reaches out, tou her shoulders with both of his hands,
24) 35) dialog: (smile) You crush my lips. Kiss me like this. . .
27) 68) text: ! CRIXUS, SUCH OTHERS AS ARE NEEDED - NIGHT fy t ANTONINUS By Each of you take an egg and hold it. i He hands an egg to David, to Varinia, and to Spartacus. SPARTACUS s (ami ling) 3 Thanks. I haven't had an egg in days, |
27) 69) text: i You may not have one yet. Some-~ i } times there are chicks inside. ' j (to Varinia) . Crack yours open. Carefully. She cracks her egg; opens it; a tiny yellow canary cheeps out onto her finger, takea wing. General: astonishment. V laughs. il a ANTONINUS a J (te David)
27) 83) text: The last chord quivers from the strings of Antoninus’ ins and his voice dies into silence whieh continues for a lon Varinia breaks it:
27) 84) dialog: {ea whisper) Oh Antoninus, I love it, I do love it... 1 5 =~ i Antoninus nods gravely; he does too.. Spartacus stirs, ri one elbow, stares intently across at the youth.
27) 99) dialog: You like him, don't you?
27) 101) dialog: What troubles you, Spartacus?
27) 103) dialog: You know things that can't be taught.
28) 169) dialog: 
28) 184) dialog: (indignantly ) Spartacus! Instantly she disappears behind the foliage, reappears wi large towel or sheet thrown over them, WIDE ANGLE ~ SPARTACUS AND VARINIA - DAY 262~¢ ; As Spartacus completes his tumultuous descent, crosses a interval of level ground, halts perhaps ten feet from whe atill hides in the bushes. g VARINIA You scared mej:
28) 186) dialog: (sputtering) I wasn't running around, I was i bathing, : i
28) 188) dialog: No, I won't. I want to get dressed.
28) 190) dialog: (on her dignity) Not till you go away.
28) 192) dialog: Don't you dare! He continues steadily, She edges to ons side, She slinks around the other side of the foliage. Now it is revealed
28) 199) dialog: (as she manceuvres ) Spartacus! I'll hit you! You stay away from me! With a laugh and a rush he is on her, She shrieks as he s her into his arms, struggles as he lifts her clear off he
28) 200) dialog: Stop it now! You just stop it! I hate being picked up! Spartacus!
28) 202) dialog: I really will hurt youl She begins furiously to beat a tattoo against his chest w her doubled fists. He gathers her closer and kisses her. is still off the ground, She tries to avoid the kiss, but ean't, When it is finished she 1s a little breathless,
28) 203) dialog: You should be more careful of me} You shouldn't be so rough!
28) 205) dialog: {evading this second kiss ) Because I'm pregnant, that's why! I'm going to have a baby! Wow let me down!
28) 210) dialog: Welle--a little bit, You probably bruised me, But I don't think it was enough to hurt the baby. v-—=y, SPARTACUS (shaken) Well I---I spre hope not,
28) 211) dialog: (still teasing him} Why don't you---kiss me, or some- thing? This is the first time I---I was ever going to have a beby.
28) 214) dialog: 
28) 216) dialog: (looking up into his face soberly) You don't kiss hard enough, Spartacus,
30) 165) dialog: This child of.ours 1s used to travel- ling.
30) 167) dialog: No. He's a bad child, though... He doubles up his fist and hits me. Tf can feel him do iv.
30) 173) dialog: (firmly) He can wait. I'll not let him out till we get to Rome. The SOUNDS of jubilation outside are fainting away, as ne about the ships spreads #mong the community. Varinia come to a sitting position. VARINIA . They've never beaten us yet.
30) 175) dialog: If it ends tomorrow it was worth it.
30) 177) dialog: You have to go to the very end. All of us have to. We want tos
30) 183) dialog: You're strong enough to be weake
30) 184) text: Varinia -- I love you more than my life -- but, if anything should happen to me -- and if you and the baby stay alive -~ tell him the truth about what we did. There'll be plenty of others to tell him lies. t r t
30) 185) dialog: T'11 tell him the truth. Always and always I'll tell it to him But Spartacus -=- I don't want to satay alive without you. If I have to =-- part of me will be dead,
31) 127) text: 4 Yes, I remember. Varinia has now risen; she faces him, holding her infant tight against her. Her eyes dart from face to face, as if ready to defend herseif against one or all of them.
31) 131) dialog: I-am his wife. This is his son,
31) 133) dialog: <a Dead.
31) 136) dialog: Dead. 5
31) 139) text: ' Where? There is a moment of silence. Varinia tugs the child clos to her breast.
31) 140) dialog: Look where She Homan dead are piled highest. : i
32) 34) dialog: It's heavy.
32) 40) dialog: Why am I here?
32) 53) dialog: Iosent her away. I suckle the child myself.
32) 55) dialog: I don't care about my new life here,
32) 57) dialog: Why do you threaten me with my baby? I belong to you. My child belongs to you. Do you think that by threatening to kill my child, you make me love you?
32) 59) dialog: Ita not grieving, I'm remembering. - CRASSUS . Po I interfere with your memories?
32) 60) dialog: Oh no,
32) 67) dialog: (thinking) He was a man who--~who began all alone like an animal. Yet on the day he died thousands and thousands would gladiy have died in his place.
32) 69) dialog: He wasn't a god. He wes a simple man, @ slave, I loved him, (x)
32) 71) dialog: I can't tell you - I can't tell you things you can never understand,
32) 73) dialog: (surprise in her voice) Why you're afraid of him, aren't you?. That's why you want his wife! he o Lo sdothe your fear by having some~ a thing, he had, “(shakes her head) But when you're that afraid, nothing can help. Nothing... -He stiffens, turns, and EXITS swiftly from the room. Var watches him, her eyes wide with the surprise of her disco with the reaiization of her and Spartacus! victory.
35) 43) text: MORNING: ‘VARINIA AND HER CHILD to the
36) 6) text: Crassus peers at Antoninus thoughtfully, paying no heed t Spartacus at all. We must remember that this SCENE is the . culmination of Crassus personal problem and of his defe his doubts, his fears. They began on the battlefield when he saw love unto death, and feared it, and ordered the cr fixlons; they increased when ne endesvored te have the he less, hopeless prisoners betray Spartacus to him, and the unenimously refused; lesa than hour ago; in his final sce with Varinia, he has perceived that no power cn earth can her yield to him es a woman --= only as a slave, a mars l body which he happens to own but can never really possess Now, reetiess, filled with forebodings and the most searc interest, he has come outside the gates to seek to enligh the mystery of why slaves behave as the Spartacists have behaved, by confronting a slave who ran away from his own household tc join the rebellion. Quiet, restrained, urgen attentive, and somehow saddened by all that has happened, still seeks his answers. CRASSUS. {almost regretfully)’ Well, Antoninus ~» . . the night {X) passes slowly, doean't it? .
36) 120) text: Batiatus has Just indignantly descended. Varinia and her child are now following. BATIATUS *® {continuing speech of previous scene) \ -~ and her child. Travelling on senatorial pass to Aquitania, \
36) 139) dialog: 
36) 144) text: mp 422 423 “ 4a4 425 426 ‘bundle the child, exposing its head, shoulders and tiny #1888 - Changes 6/4/59 : . 288 CLOSEUP - SPARTACUS 422. The cross, of which very little is visible, should be of rather than the Christian conformation, Spartacus stares at Varinia through eyes that have already scummed over wi death, Hach line of his face is etched with agony. He is dying of thirst, of exposure, of wounds, of shock, His li seem to struggle frantically for speech, but nothing come not even the discernible shape of a single silent syllabl Tears still flowing. from her eyes, she begins hastily to She holds 1t a5 high as she can,
36) 145) dialog: Hets free, Spartacus! He's not a slave! CLOSE ON SPARTACUS 4oy He seems to be looking down at the child,
36) 153) dialog: 
36) 158) dialog: ‘Varinia clings helplessly to the child, almost reeling f her agony.
36) 159) dialog: (who mast abandon one of her men for the other) I want to die with you, Spartacus, 3 ,I don't want you to die all alone! I have to go with the baby. oY He can't live without me. He's jo
36) 169) dialog: (in agony) Den't you understand, Spartacus? Can't you hear me at all? I'm leaving you here because of the baby. He's free, Spartacus --- he's free. .
36) 171) dialog: (looking rearward; despairingly) He's free, Spartacus -~-— | The horses are now racing down the highway.
36) 191) text: ‘ ‘varinia 4s still looking toward Rome, toward the cross |) the eyes of Spartacus which she hopes will see and und =-~ and she 1s waving --- and the child is held in such a position that if the slightest flicker of consciousness, ever mute, remains in Spartacus, he will see and know, Bu does not see. He has seen everything. Varinia has shared him the last unhappiness: she does not know that he heard everything; and he, who wanted her so to know, couldn't t her. But the audience, which has shared Varinia's frustra knows. And it is the avdience's triumph that it knows. Fo if our previous efforts have been successful and, in some degree, true, the audience very much wanted communication tween the two principals at that moment. And it got what principals could not get (but did), and could never know. gudience will feel the Watery: too, for we shall have mad theirs, En Aas