9) 0) text: The chopper is banking over the side of the building, preparing to touch down on the rooftop where FIFTEEN FBI AGENTS in dark ID windbreakers are standing. A LEGEND appears: FEDERAL BUILDING, DALLAS, TEXAS. ONE WEEK LATER. The chopper touches down and, again, the side door is thrown open. But now only one man exits: SPECIAL AGENT IN CHARGE (S.A.C.) DARIUS MICHAUD. Michaud moves with the measured pace of authority, approaching the waiting FBI Agents. One of whom steps up.
9) 1) dialog: We've evacuated the building and been through it bottom to top. No trace of an explosive device or anything resembling one.
9) 3) dialog: Yes, sir.
10) 0) text: Special Agent Dana Scully is coming out the door leading onto the roof. The door slams shut behind her. She, too, is dressed in an FBI windbreaker. She's dialing her cell phone as she moves around the rooftop looking for something. Dialing the number of:
19) 7) text: This is Special Agent Dana Scully. I need to speak to S.A.C. Michaud. He's got the wrong building --
23) 2) text: Mulder -- One last windbreakered Agent is exiting. Moving past them to the last cop car other than the car waiting for Mulder and Scully.
23) 3) dialog: All clear. Mulder has stopped and is looking back to the building now as Scully hustles back the few steps separating them.
23) 6) dialog: What's he doing? The plaza is desolate now, void of life.
55) 0) text: enters a forensics lab with a FIELD AGENT. A LEGEND reads: FBI FIELD OFFICE, DALLAS : 11:20 AM.
55) 1) dialog: You're looking for what amounts to a needle in a haystack. I'm afraid the explosion was so devastating there hasn't been a whole lot we've been able to put together just yet. They are walking amid BOXES of evidence. STACKS of debris. There are FORENSIC TECHS sorting through this material. It looks like the most tedious and painstaking job in the world.
55) 3) dialog: We weren't expecting to find those remains, of course. They went right off to Washington.
55) 5) dialog: Some bone fragments came up in the sift this morning. We thought there'd been another fatality, but we found out FEMA had recovered them from an archeological site out of town.
55) 7) dialog: No. Just fossils, far as I know. Mulder is nodding, when both men look off at something that's caught their attention o.s.
55) 10) dialog: Let me just see if I can lay my hands on what you're looking for. The Field Agent nods to Scully as he passes, exiting deeper into the room. Leaving Mulder and Scully by themselves momentarily.
55) 19) dialog: Like I said, these are fossils, and they weren't near the blast center, so they aren't going to tell you much.
55) 22) dialog: Show you right on a map. Off Mulder and Scully's traded looks: