54) 17) text: My son and I are going to die here, Ryan. They already have us. But maybe I could've saved Craig... The truth of this has a profound effect on Ryan. And just when Jessica is about to lose herself to despair -- Ryan finds a resolve within himself even he didn't know h had.
63) 8) text: -- A suit... He wears glasses, thick rims, like Buddy Holly or-- Bingo! The Buddy Holly glasses is what did it. Ryan sees man in the distance hurrying in his direction -- CRAIG.
64) 2) text: Hey, can I go now? Can I go?! The Guard nods, and Ryan takes off like a shot, racing ba towards the bar. Ryan spots Craig Martin outside the Left Field sports bar Ryan grabs him by the elbow and starts hustling him throu the concourse.
64) 3) dialog: Hey, what the hell?!    Get your hands off m--!!
64) 5) dialog: What--?
64) 7) dialog: She did?   But how--?
65) 1) dialog: I don't understand--
65) 12) text: (confused) Okay. Ryan walks out the restroom door as Craig puts the phone his ear. He sighs with relief -- it's finally over.
67) 1) dialog: 
67) 3) dialog: This isn't my wife.
67) 5) dialog: My wife's name is Patty. I'm not Craig. I'm Paul. Paul Boyd. In utter disbelief, Ryan turns back toward the gate -- an sees Greer, Ellis, Hodges and Deason, cornering another M Tall. Lean. Thinning hair. And wearing Buddy Holly glasses.    The real CRAIG MARTIN
68) 0) text: Greer seizes Craig by the arm.
68) 3) dialog: Who, what?... No one!   Nobody!
68) 5) dialog: I'll forget I saw anything, just leave them alone! Whatever.    Greer manhandles Craig toward the exit.
69) 0) text: To their car. Craig is forced into the ESCALADE between Greer and Ellis.
69) 1) dialog: You goddamn animals better not have hu rt -- Greer surprises him with a vicious ELBOW to the face.
70) 0) text: As it pulls off the road onto the driveway of the kidnapp safe house and parks. Craig still wears the hood as Greer exits the car.
70) 2) text: As Craig reaches blindly for a door handle, Ellis opens t door and shoves him out onto the driveway. Greer yanks hi up by his collar.
70) 4) text: With guns at his back, Craig is dragged inside the house.
71) 1) text: The darkness is oppressive.       Craig is pushed inside the hood off.
71) 3) dialog: Goddamn it, what the hell are you people going to--
71) 5) dialog: Jessica? Jessica races for the safety of Craig's arms, but just as she's about to be embraced, Greer steps forward and YANKS Jessica back by her hair. She squeals in pain.
71) 6) dialog: 
71) 9) dialog: Ricky...? Jessica nods gravely. He's here, too. Craig looks at his wife's face, bruised and hurt, and tears rise in his eyes
71) 10) dialog: Oh, God, Jess... What have they done to you? But Jessica won't let this moment be about pity.
71) 16) dialog: You have to promise. If I give it to you... you'll let my family go.
71) 18) text: --and I won't blow her brains all over you right now. Greer traces the barrel of the gun down Jessica's cheek. Craig looks utterly helpless.
71) 23) dialog: Okay. Enough, you win.      But if anything-
72) 1) dialog: I dropped it down the mail chute at work. It's gotta be in the mailroom. JESSICA (VO)
73) 0) text: Greer pulls Craig to his feet.
73) 2) dialog: How will I know she's okay?
73) 7) dialog: I love you.
73) 8) text: Craig squeezes the good years of their marriage into a strong, loving embrace. Jessica hugs him closer. Leans in his ear to seemingly whisper her love in return -- but wh she actually whispers takes Craig by surprise.
73) 10) text: Jessica kisses her husband on the lips and withdraws, lea Craig with an utterly confused expression on his face. Bu before his look can betray him--
73) 12) text: --Greer and Hodges move forward, ushering Craig out of th room. When the door locks behind them, Jessica once again rushes to the phone.
75) 0) text: A short time later, Ryan( drenched in sweat, sees Craig's office building in the distance --
77) 0) text: As Ryan huffs and puffs toward the building, he sees a BI MESSENGER bullshitting with a HOT DOG VENDOR. Ryan stops stares at the PACKAGE POUCH on the seat and a flashy red HELMET hanging on the handlebars. The helmet is futuristic, like something The Flash might wear. Ryan eyes the Messenger, grabs the bike, hops on an peddles for dear life toward Craig's building with the Messenger hot on his heels.
82) 0) text: Dripping with sweat, Ryan shambles out of the stairwell, bike helmet now strapped to his head and the pouch over h shoulder -- just as the ELEVATOR ARRIVES behind him! As Greer, Hodges and Craig get out, Ryan turns and search for the mailroom that's supposed to be here! Where the he is-- Ah I He finds it and hustles into --
83) 0) text: A wide COUNTER separates Ryan and a few BUSINESS MEN and WOMEN from the MAIL CLERKS that busily work the other sid Ryan leans against the wall, pretending to be an ordinary bike messenger waiting for a package as Craig and the dir cops enter, brushing right past him. Craig scans the faces of the other patrons as they enter, desperately trying to figure out who is his secret ally. ignores Ryan completely, whose face is mostly hidden by t tinted plastic VISOR attached to the helmet. Craig notices an AGING SECURITY GUARD stationed in the ar but knows better than to make any waves. MAILROOM SUPERVISOR
83) 1) text: (recognizing Craig) Anything I can help you with Mr. Martin?
83) 2) dialog: Hey, Benny. This might sound ridiculous, but I dropped a DVD mailer into the chute this morning and I forgot to put down an address.
83) 16) dialog: Sure. The Supervisor leads Hodges and Craig away to the back ro Unfortunately, Greer stays behind.
83) 18) text: I might... Maybe it's on the clipboard on my bike? Ryan watches Greer out of the corner of his eye as Hodges Craig disappear inside the vault.
84) 2) dialog: This is it. Hodges seems uncomfortable with the Supervisor hovering o his shoulder.
85) 3) text: Sir? You think you could just go outside and get your clipboard? Just then, Hodges and Craig come marching out of the vaul
86) 0) text: At the end of the hall, GREER sees Craig and Ryan running of the mailroom. Drops his phone, draws his gun --
86) 11) dialog: ..run... But Ryan is overwhelmed.       His legs feel like a thous pounds of jelly.
86) 12) dialog: ..ruuuUUUUNNNNNN!! As Craig slumps to the ground, Ryan stares in shock -- bu when Greer starts sending a hail of bullets toward them, DIVES into:
93) 2) text: But Ryan just sits there.    Afraid to move.     Terrifie discuss Craig.
113) 5) text: As Craig enters frame inside the Security Office.   And watches live-