1) 0) text: The BLACKNESS of a BLACK VAN and ESCALADE passing below u We quickly CRANE DOWN to see the vehicles traveling throu An IRON GATE at the edge of an aband9ned property. They bounce down a long lonely driveway lined with barren tree ANGLE ON: THE KIDNAPPERS' VAN as it arrives at its destination; an isolated HOUSE in the Hills. The grass is dead. The trees are dead. It's the kind of place you coul scream for a week and no one would hear a thing. As the van stops--
4) 5) dialog: Nice. The HIGH SCORE starts rising to match Ryan's score.
5) 3) text: (covering his ear) What? Yeah, you better be. And I need your shower, I'm talkin' code red stankage- The CELLPHONE begins to CRACKLE with STATIC just as Ryan drives under an OVERPASS. Suddenly -- The car ahead of him STOPS in the middle of the street. R notices too late and has to jam on the brakes. The car skids, he SCREAMS... and comes to a stop an inch before hitting the other car's bumper. He lifts the phone receiver to his ear but the call is WA WITH STATIC.
8) 6) text: Oh really? Kidnapped, huh? 13
14) 8) text: Come on, man! I've got some lady on the phone here who says she's been kidnapped!
15) 5) text: Oh thank God! You've got to help me. My name's Jessica Martin and I've been kidnapped. This morning five men broke into my home in Brentwood and kidnapped-- Mooney strains to hear.     His eyes go wide and he quick notes on a pad. Mooney's eyes shift as three TWEAKERS, wide eyed and swea profusely, are led inside by their ARRESTING OFFICERS.
18) 0) text: -v The Lead Kidnapper stands ominously over the trembling Jessica -- Oh God! Does he see the phone cord?
20) 0) text: The furniture in this abandoned house is all covered with sheets giving the entire place a creepy, haunted feel. FOLLOW the LEAD KIDNAPPER as he descends a nearby stairwe and pulls off his mask--
29) 21) text: Hey, I sent some college kid down to see you this morning. Had some rap about a kidnapping --
29) 25) text: If the kid comes back, page me, and I'll be sure to see him.
43) 3) text: Most people don't get past two. Greer signals, and: .-В·&gt;    EXT. SAFEHOUSE - DAY Hodges tucks his gun away...just as Ricky turns around. kid startles that Hodges was so close.
56) 1) text: (over Ryan's cellphone) Murdered your housekeeper? Don't bullshit me; I work in the Industry that invented it you stupid COW! Ryan sees Simon Cowell MOUTH THE WORDS "STUPID COW" in sy with the conversation. BINGO! Ryan floors the Rent-a-cop car ahead of the Cadillac and PULLS A 90 DEGREE turn at an intersection; cutting Cowell off! SCREEEECH! Cowell, trying to avoid a collision, SLAMS on brakes, causing the Cadillac to SKID twenty feet. Ryan jumps out of the rent-a-cop car he's left in the mid or the intersection and runs over to the Cadillac, bangin the window with the .38 Special. Cowell practically jumps out of his skin at the sight of gun and the kid with the crazy look in his eyes.
60) 0) text: Greer and his men stride through the airport like sharks honing in on bleeding prey. Soon, the Kidnappers break up into two groups: Greer and Ellis heading for the DEPARTURE GATES; Deason and Hodges the other way towards the INFORMATION KIOSK.
70) 0) text: As it pulls off the road onto the driveway of the kidnapp safe house and parks. Craig still wears the hood as Greer exits the car.
102) 0) text: BLAMM-BLAMM-BLAMM!! Greer's pistol is ill equipped for lo range shooting. The kid's too far away by now. He grabs h walkie --
102) 2) text: The kid's outside, headed toward the front of the building--
111) 6) text: Dana Bayback. From the 23rd.     She was one of the kidnappers. Tomlin looks stunned by the revelation.
124) 8) text: Somehow, the kid digs deep and finds the courage to run t the Escalade, where his mother scoops him up into the cab just as-- The kitchen door bursts open and Greer's team spills out the yard. They spot her instantly.
126) 9) text: Go cut the kid's throat. Though Ryan's eyes widen in panic, his voice remains cool
129) 1) dialog: Lucky bastard...
132) 0) text: The PASSENGER-SIDE TINTED WINDOW rolls down. Hodges sits Jessica up, then her kid, displaying them for few seconds before powering the window back up.
137) 8) text: Keep an eye on them. As soon as we make the trade, take the woman and her kid out.
143) 2) text: Jesus, kid, calm down!! Trying to break Mooney's stronghold, Ryan SHOVES him backwards, SLAMMING his injured shoulder into the PIER RAILING. Mooney SCREAMS out in pain and grabs his shoulder, releas Ryan, who BREAKS AWAY and turns to see Mooney COLLAPSE to ground, holding his blood-soaked shoulder. Ryan looks ove to Chloe, whose face is a combination of shock and confus