3) 1) text: "Bloom" stamped on it. It opens, and dozens of reports fl by. Under the "REASON FOR RETURN OF MINORS" field we catc different entries: "BEHAVIOR INAPPROPRIATE", "UNMANAGEABL "MOLESTED CAT", "SOLD OUR FURNITURE", "CAUSED FLOODING".
8) 0) text: The brothers at the counter. Bloom watches the children g while Stephen counts out pennies.
9) 3) text: The playground bourgeoisies. He storms off.    Bloom lingers, staring silently at the children.
10) 0) text: The brothers amble down a wooded path.     Bloom stops, s into the trees. Through the dense thicket of foliage... the children play And one gleaming eye framed perfectly through a small ope patch in the leaves. Bloom pushes the leaves aside. A girl. Golden curls. Summer dress. Standing in the distance on a wide lawn. Bloom gazes.    Stephen places his hand on Bloom's back.
11) 0) text: Bloom stumbles from the trees (very much as if he's been shoved) and regains his footing and freezes, not shielded all now from the playing kids and the girl. NARRATOR
11) 3) text: Just drop his fears and go? Leave his brother in the woods, and join the children? The girl makes eye contact, twisting a daisy chain betwee her tiny fingers. Bloom's adam apple convulses. He turns tail and runs back into the woods. NARRATOR (cont'd)
12) 0) text: Brothers in bed. Bloom gazes window-ward. Stephen gazes B wise, shuffling a pack of cards. BLOOM
13) 1) text: Stephen spreads out a hand-drawn flowchart on a stump, an talks Bloom through it. NARRATOR A fiction made for profit, in which both boys played a part. A simple con in fifteen steps. STEPHEN And this is where we start.
13) 2) text: Stephen runs his finger backwards down the connected boxe each neatly numbered, stopping at #1.... "Bloom Talks To Girl"
14) 0) text: Children and the gold haired Girl playing.      The wall foliage where the forest begins shimmers. NARRATOR And then, as if a curtain had been pulled back from the sky... Some barrier within the younger Bloom was broken.
14) 1) text: Bloom bursts through the trees and strides across the wid lawn, confident, glowing, stopping face to golden face wi the girl.
14) 5) text: They talk.    They run.   They laugh.   They play. NARRATOR So Bloom performed his role in Stephen's story to a T.
14) 6) text: BOX #2 on the flowchart - "Bloom wins the kids' trust"
15) 0) text: Bloom does indeed, sitting and laughing with a circle of kids, suddenly a natural born charmer. NARRATOR And being who he wasn't, could be as he wished to be.
17) 0) text: In the park, Bloom runs with the kids, laughing.
19) 0) text: Back in the park, Bloom says goodnight to the kids and wa homeward in the warm twilight.
21) 0) text: Bloom enters, hears running water from the bathroom. He glimpses down at the flowchart on the bed, scanning down Box #10 - "Bloom comes home to find Stephen filling the coolers" Stephen backs out of the bathroom trolling a heavy cooler STEPHEN
21) 1) text: Oh - kay. How's it going on the playground front? BLOOM
21) 3) text: So, on to step eleven, then.   The Tale. You tell them - BLOOM
21) 4) text: Wait... Bloom's lip quivers, obviously conflicted. NARRATOR
21) 5) text: Must the numbers rattle on?    Must the fiction end? BLOOM
21) 7) text: Bloom. They're not your friends. They're part of this, and this aint real. Remember, it's a con. And when it's done, we've just got us. And we'll be moving on. (beat)
22) 0) text: Bloom holds court with the kids. BLOOM hermit in the woods. A one eyed, steel toothed vagabond...
23) 0) text: Back to Bloom and Stephen in the attic BLOOM ...with blood red eyes? STEPHEN (nods) That's good. He stopped you coming home from school...
24) 0) text: BLOOM ...and told me of a cave. GIRL What kind of cave? BLOOM A cave of wonders. BOY Pffft ha. GIRL Shut up, Dave. BLOOM At noon on every Sunday, there appears a ball of light, which flutters like a butterfly... GIRL A will-o-whisp? BLOOM That's right. It guides you
26) 0) text: BLOOM ...to where the treasures lay. BOY So where's this cave? GIRL Yeah, where?
27) 1) text: Something in Bloom's face falls.
28) 1) text: The kids all rejoice, and fist-fulls of dollars are thrus Bloom. He looks almost crestfallen as his eye catches the girl's joyful gaze. NARRATOR So Sunday came...
29) 0) text: Children in their bright Sunday clothes run through the d woods, led by Bloom.
31) 1) text: Deep in the cave's dark maw, a spark of light. The children gasp collectively.    The Girl grabs Bloom's Bloom stares, transfixed as any of them. The spark becomes a glowing, fluttering point of light, w hangs in the mouth of the cave for a tantalizing moment, recedes deeper into the gloom. With a cry the children, Bloom included, dash into the ca
32) 0) text: The light glows just around the next corner... the childr run after it, slipping in the mud, laughing, turning the corner... And the light glows just around the next corner. They scramble, they slip and slide, they can't catch the light but they're all having the time of their lives. Bloom included.    Holding the girl's hand, laughing, eye of wonder.
32) 4) text: Turning a corner, he (alone) sees the rather tawdry image Stephen, flashlight in hand, shooing him back as he turns next corner. Bloom stops running. NARRATOR (cont'd) But the moment passed.
32) 5) text: The other kids and the girl pass him, but Bloom stands de still, a strange expression on his face. The girl turns back towards him, still running, and holds her hand for him to follow. But he doesn't.    He stays behind, and is soon left alon
33) 1) text: The muddied children walk home, laughing, while Bloom lea against a lamppost. Stephen appears behind him, counting their money. STEPHEN It seems to me that in the end, the perfect con is where each one involved gets just the thing they wanted. BLOOM Yeah I guess so. NARRATOR Our fledgling thieves were satisfied.
35) 2) text: The brothers Bloom had found their calling. One of the boxes... number six... NARRATOR (cont'd)
37) 0) text: Bloom sits against a wall, suitcases beside him. Boxes of Rocket Pops, and one in each fist. Stephen plops down bes him. STEPHEN
37) 1) text: So how's it feel? Bloom's eye catches the children, and the girl, playing i the distance. NARRATOR
37) 2) text: In truth, young Bloom won't know for twenty years just how he felt. HONK! A `Child Welfare' car waiting out on the street. brothers pick themselves up. NARRATOR (cont'd)
37) 4) text: Let `em melt. The con man team of the brothers Bloom, suitcases in hand strides down the alleyway. Stephen in front.
38) 13) text: We're a genius, Bloom. Just as Victor is, indeed, Bloom.   He spits. BLOOM
38) 15) text: So does real blood. Buy you a drink. Stephen escorts the Asian woman out, while Bloom wipes hi lip.
39) 0) text: A stately house in the middle of nowhere, on fire. Stephe holds the door of a car open, while Bloom steps from the flaming house. STEPHEN
39) 1) text: "Four months and a thousand years ago." That's Kipling, isn't it? He stole that from Kipling. BLOOM
41) 0) text: A low, cozy basement level bar. A dozen people crowd it, expectant in a surprise-party type way. A TURKISH GENTLEMAN in a white linen suit and eye patch raises his drink when Bloom, Stephen and the woman enter. THE TURK
41) 1) text: Make way, make room for the brothers Bloom! The bar bursts into cheers.
42) 16) text: So she's with you and Bloom till the end. STEPHEN
42) 18) text: Where is Bloom? In the corner of the bar, in a private booth with drawn velvet curtains, Bloom sits alone playing solitaire. Stuc with a queen of hearts he can't play. A beautiful woman in scarlet with auburn hair pokes her f through the curtains. ROSE
42) 19) text: There you are. Hiding? BLOOM
42) 21) text: I've been learning.      Stephen likes to talk about you. BLOOM
42) 24) text: Is it true? BLOOM
42) 26) text: I'm not going to tell it as good as Stephen. You two kicked around till your early teens, then stowed away on a merchant marine freighter and ended up in St. Petersburg, where you spent five years under the tutelage of a shadowy old swindler named the Diamond Dog. And he was your Fagin and Stephen was his Artful Dodger, but it ended suddenly and badly. BLOOM
42) 28) text: Why did he do that? BLOOM
42) 29) text: And then the Brothers Bloom lit out on their own to make their fortune as gentleman thieves. Sounds romantic. ROSE
42) 30) text: It does. She pushes the cards aside and slides clumsily onto the table, her face inches from Bloom's, eyes closed, expecti kiss. Bloom's eyes stay open. BLOOM
43) 0) text: A replay of Bloom in front of the flaming bookshelf. BLOOM (O.S.)
43) 1) text: He positioned me in the same spot where, seven years ago, Charleston's wife stood and told him she was leaving. The room transforms, becomes daylit, not on fire, seven y ago, a WIFE standing in Bloom's place. BLOOM (O.S.) (cont'd)
43) 2) text: He chose my outfit to mirror her suit. Sure enough, the colors and shape of Bloom's suit matches Wife's outfit. BLOOM (O.S.) (cont'd)
43) 4) text: This is the end. Charelston, you've always been a dunce. Everything snaps back to Bloom in the flaming room. BLOOM (IN FLASHBACK)
44) 0) text: BLOOM
45) 0) text: Bloom stumbles up stone steps to street level.      A THO YEAR OLD MAN sweeps up across the square. Bloom sits wearily on the curb, bowler hat in hand, shirt bright red with fake blood, face long as hell. Putting the broom aside a moment, the old man walks painf across the street to Bloom. Standing nearly toe to toe wi him, the man pulls a huge joyful smile across his grizzle face. He then smears his hand over his mug, pulling the smile o his face and rubbing it on Bloom's mouth. When he takes h hand away, Bloom plays along and has the same big joyful smile. The old man winks at him and walks back to his bro As soon as the old man is away, Bloom drops the smile. Stephen paces out into the street. STEPHEN We missed the sunrise.    That would've been nice.
46) 1) text: The camels are unimpressed.       Bloom slouches into a b
46) 5) text: Bloom stares into space. STEPHEN (cont'd) Alright, let's do this. Let's just get it done. So first you say `I'm quitting, Stephen. I'm out.' Then I say... BLOOM `Do we have to go through this again.' STEPHEN Then you make a show of putting on your jacket and say `no I mean it this time Stephen, this time I'm really out.' BLOOM Then you say `let's have a drink, and in the morning Bloom you'll have come to your senses'
46) 6) text: Stephen pulls a flask, unscrews it. STEPHEN (re: Bloom's bright red blood stain) That's a major design flaw in fake blood, by the way. BLOOM `and we'll be moving on.' STEPHEN Real blood turns brown after a half hour. BLOOM Listen to me, Stephen. STEPHEN This scotch costs more than your suit.
46) 10) text: And the flask stopped a bullet from a black powder rifle at Appomattox. BLOOM
46) 11) text: Listen. Bloom bats the flask away. A camel catches it, tips its camel neck back and gulps it down. STEPHEN
46) 12) text: That's my new favorite camel. BLOOM
46) 13) text: I hate you. I hate this life, I hate it, I hate that you won't fucking listen to me for one goddamn second. Just listen. Stephen listens. BLOOM (cont'd)
46) 15) text: Tell me what you want. BLOOM
46) 21) text: The camel belches.    Bloom makes a show of putting on hi jacket. BLOOM (cont'd) I'm going away. Somewhere you or even the Chink won't be able to track me down, so don't try. No more stories.
46) 22) text: Bloom tosses Stephen the bowler, and storms off.    He ge about ten feet, then hesitates. BLOOM (cont'd) I love you. Bye.
49) 0) text: Stephen steps in cautiously, surveys the apartment. A goddamn mess. Empty bottles and glasses, very little light. Stephen opens the curtains, light streams in the window. A groan of displeasure comes from the gloom. Bloom stirs, passed out in a hammock. Unkept beard, a few extra pounds. Crushed cigar hanging on his lip. A rotund GRANDMOTHER waddles in, cleaning up bottles and berating Bloom in a constant stream of angry Italian. STEPHEN
49) 1) text: She's right, you know. BLOOM
50) 0) text: Stephen guides a dressed Bloom out the door. The grandmot follows them, still barking angry Italian at Bloom. At th last moment she says a few kind words, kisses him on the cheek and sends them off.
51) 0) text: A few tables on a stone walkway overlooking the countrysi The red car parked nearby. Stephen eats, Bloom stares. BLOOM
51) 4) text: Stephen's eyes:       "Are you joking?" STEPHEN How've you been? BLOOM Great. STEPHEN I've done a lot of thinking the past three months. You don't want out. You think you do but you don't. Here, c'mere. I want to show you something. BLOOM I'm quits, Stephen.
51) 5) text: Stephen stands, strolls off.        Bloom wearily follows BLOOM (cont'd) Where are we going? STEPHEN New Jersey. BLOOM (sighs) Well lemme get my jacket.
53) 0) text: A long private road through a tunnel of trees leads to a ludicrous mansion. Our trio watch it from the road. BLOOM Looks like an etching from a Bronte novel.
53) 4) text: The Chink writes a number in the snow with a stick. Just when we think she's done, she adds several more zeros. BLOOM (cont'd) Jesus. STEPHEN Look out.
53) 5) text: Stephen pulls Bloom into the trees as a cherry red Lamborghini roars down the private road, does an unruly d and crunches painfully into a tree, kicking up a cloud of dust and smoke. Thumping bass from the audio system turns off, and from t dust cloud emerges PENELOPE, early 30s, beautiful but in non-Lamborghini way. Bloom watches her through the trees, none too happy.
54) 0) text: Off to the side of the house. They lean on the hood of th rental car, an old school Cadillac. In the background, a tow truck arrives with a brand new Lamborghini, and leaves towing the old one. BLOOM What am I doing here, Stephen? I have one rule, and you've never even tested it.
54) 4) text: Stephen nods to the Chink.       Bloom nods appreciativel BLOOM (cont'd) Controversial choice. So no, is what I'm saying. I'm quits anyway. I'll be in Italy. Drinking.
54) 6) text: Bloom's eyes never leave Penelope. BLOOM An eccentric shut-in rich bitch. You're not helping your case.
54) 7) text: The Chink silently hands Bloom a retractable spyglass, he watches Penelope drift atop a hill and sit on a stump. STEPHEN She's bored, a seed in the snow. We're going to put her through a grand adventure, bring her to life. BLOOM So this is the big plan. Lure me back into things with some beautiful intriguing elusive girl, stir up old memories with the prospect of redemption and rebirth. Seriously Stephen. Amateur night.
54) 8) text: Bloom watches her play Clash songs on the harp.
54) 11) text: I'm not saying yes. But what's the con? Stephen spreads a folded piece of paper on a tree stump, a flowchart on it. Numbered boxes. Bloom doesn't take his spyglass off Penelope. STEPHEN
55) 0) text: Very late. Bloom and Stephen in armchairs, collars loosen drinks drunk. The Chink's Chuck Taylors stick up over the back of a chair. Bloom holds the con flowchart. STEPHEN
55) 1) text: ...and so that's how it ends, in Mexico, a burst of violence then a moment of truth on the beach. What do you think? Bloom idly looks over the chart. BLOOM
55) 6) text: Stephen answers by letting an ace fall from his sleeve. BLOOM (cont'd) This will be the last one.    You'll let me go.
55) 8) text: Bloom stares at #1 on the flowchart - "BLOOM MEETS PENELO
56) 0) text: A grumpy Bloom perched on the red Schwinn, an ill fitting Styrofoam helmet on his head. Stephen sits in a lawn chair watching the highway below. The Chink sets up a lawn umbrella, a chair for herself, a cooler with Coronas. BLOOM There are less painful ways to cut into a mark. STEPHEN Wahk wahk wahk wahk wahk wahk wahk. Score to beat is 7.9. Keep your head in the game, the Chinese judge is tough. BLOOM This is a banana seat, man!
56) 1) text: He directs this to the Chink, who blinks with innocent incomprehension and opens two Coronas. BLOOM (cont'd) Don't give me that blank look, you know what a fuckin banana seat is.
57) 0) text: Silent and blue. Time slows to a crawl as Bloom sails through the air, arcing over the Italian luxury car's hoo and past a horrified Penelope, face frozen mid scream beh the wheel. BLOOM (V.O.) There's actually a knack to this. You want to avoid dying or breaking anything that won't grow back, but you don't want to roll out of it and come up roses. If you're trying to fast track into a mark's sympathies, there's nothing quite as efficient as having your first conversation be from a hospital bed they put you in. I usually like to try for a dislocated shoulder.
57) 1) text: Several things happen at once. Bloom hits the pavement shoulder-first, hard.      The be follows suit. Up on the hill, Stephen and the Chink raise score cards. and 5.6. The Lamborghini screeches to a stop. Everything is still. Then the car jolts forward. Then stops. Then again, jolts and stops. Rolls forward a few feet, lazily drifting, the jolts and stops. Bloom painfully stands, as confused by the car's behavior us.
58) 0) text: Penelope sleeps, bruised and battered. Bloom sits bedside uncomfortably, arm in a wimpy sling. She stirs. Bloom lea forward. Slurred with sleep and drugs, she painfully barely breath PENELOPE Are you alright?
59) 0) text: Bloom consults with Stephen and the Chink, both in scrubs STEPHEN The Chink had it - I'm telling him, I know, thank you - in her report, I missed it. This is actually kind of great, I'll tell you why.
59) 1) text: The Chink lights a cigarette. BLOOM You missed it? STEPHEN Dostoevsky was an epileptic. BLOOM I know. STEPHEN His seizures were preceded by an enlightened euphoria, a sort of opening of his spiritual eye. (MORE)
59) 4) text: Bloom stares blankly.        The Chink burps into her ste
60) 0) text: Bloom slumps in a chair, watching Penelope sleep. BLOOM (V.O.) The next step is to figure out a way to insinuate yourself into their personal life.
60) 1) text: Bloom drifts off, then wakes with a start. It is MORNING.     Penelope is shaking him. PENELOPE I think they took my car.     Could you drive me home?
60) 2) dialog: Uh.   Yeah.
60) 4) dialog: Bloom.
61) 0) text: Bloom drives, Penelope gazes stiffly out the window. BLOOM (V.O.) Engagement. Find a connection with your mark through conversation. BLOOM (cont'd) I'm sorry about your Lamborghini.
61) 7) text: And still more silence. BLOOM (V.O.) Having now deftly set your hook in the mark's psyche, this would be the perfect time to tug the line,
62) 0) text: They pull up in the car.          A tow truck is dropping Lamborghini. BLOOM (V.O.) Get invited in for coffee, and tell them the full tale.
62) 1) text: Bloom looks about to launch into something, when Penelope drops a stack of cash bound in a green rubber band on his dashboard. PENELOPE For the bike, and the whole, thing. This was a big shit sandwich. Ok. Bye.
62) 2) text: The car door slams and she's gone.         Bloom sits a m BLOOM (V.O.) However, there are advantages to playing it cool. Letting it lie for a day or two, then casually re- establish contact.
62) 3) text: Bloom starts driving off, and adjusts the passenger side mirror so it points back to the road. As he does he sees Penelope in it, sprinting after his car. He stops.    A moment later she appears at his window, he
63) 0) text: Bloom and Penelope sit in a luxurious stone-based kitchen neither touching their coffee. Bloom talks. This is how Penelope listens: she starts with her eyes on Bloom, then very quickly drifts away into her own thought then recognizes she's doing it and makes eye contact agai and gives an overbaked "oh yes go on" smile/nod, then doe all again. Three or four times. BLOOM ...didn't really have anyone except each other growing up, and our father was in the antique business, he had a shop in Charleston. So we stuck together, my brother Stephen and me, we and just took over the shop when dad died. Then we realized one day, we saw the dealers who were finding and selling us the antiques coming from exotic countries all over the world, and there was a, almost a scent they had, when they'd come in the dusty shop we worked nine to five in since we were nineteen, the air would, like before a rain, the ions would line up, and you could just smell midnight trains to Paris and steamer ships and Calcutta bazaars, and we made the decision, we just did it, that we want to have that sort of life. So we did, and we've been travelling and treasure hunting the world ever since, and could you, I'm sorry, stop doing - that, you're, I'm, ok. Alright, look. PENELOPE I'm really bad at talking to people.
64) 0) text: Victorian, expensive. Penelope leans against the window, looking out. Sulking. Bloom enters. BLOOM So what kind of stuff do you do? PENELOPE Nothing.   Maybe you should go. BLOOM Alright. I'm just gonna finish my coffee first.
64) 1) text: Very slowly, he sips it.     Each sip becomes a noisier a noisier slurp. PENELOPE I collect hobbies. I see someone doing something I like, and I get books and learn how to do it. BLOOM Hm.   Anything interesting? PENELOPE Not really.
64) 2) text: In which Penelope demonstrates the following with exactin seriousness and skill for Bloom: Playing the piano.      The classical guitar.   The fiddl banjo. Putting the finishing touches on a ship in a bottle. Executing a perfect ollie on a skateboard.
64) 6) text: On Bloom's shell-shock face. BLOOM Is that it? PENELOPE No.   I know a lot of stuff. BLOOM You just learned this stuff, here by yourself? PENELOPE Kinda sad. BLOOM No. So you just thought, `so I want to learn this and this,' and you just did it? How do you plan to use all these skills? PENELOPE I dunno. I'm not a planner. I just do stuff. Here, look at this watermelon. It's a camera. You can make a pinhole camera out of anything hollowish and dark. BLOOM It's gotta warp the image though, right?
64) 9) text: No, yeah it does. That's what - the Taj Majal taken by a fat tourist with diarrhea and a point- and-shoot camera can be the flattest, dullest, "here's us at the Taj Majal," "Oh lovely lets go stick our thumbs up our asses" picture. But you can look at the most menial everyday thing, and depending on how your pinhole camera eats the light, it's warped and peculiar and imperfect. It's not reproduction, it's storytelling. BLOOM
64) 11) text: I dunno about truth. A photograph is a secret about a secret. The more it tells you, the less you know. BLOOM
65) 0) text: Bloom and Penelope walk and talk, finally rounding the ho and ending up at the driveway. BLOOM
65) 2) text: Are you leaving? BLOOM
65) 6) text: During this, Bloom very naturally moves his hand to the s of Penelope's back. The edge of his thumb comes to rest o small slit of exposed skin. Penelope's expression does not change, but a noticeable b crosses her still face. When Bloom removes his hand, the blush falls. BLOOM (cont'd) Paris and Greece, I think. I've gotta get a hat. Thanks for the pinhole camera demonstration. And for the good conversation. Goodbye Penelope. PENELOPE Goodbye Bloom.
66) 0) text: A jaunty steamer ship docked and ready. Bloom watches the access road, Stephen makes notes, the Chink whittles. BLOOM I need another day with her. STEPHEN You'll have two weeks on the boat. BLOOM I need another day to get her on the boat, she isn't hooked. That bit I skipped where we were talking in the backyard, it was ten minutes on the optics of lensless photography, we didn't really talk.
66) 3) text: Bloom turns from the road. BLOOM I think you're wrong.
66) 4) text: A screech of distant tires and a crash.        Bloom does BLOOM (CONT'D) (cont'd) Though every time I say that, you end up being comically right. That's her, isn't it? Yeah.
66) 5) text: Penelope pulls a clumsy steamer trunk that never could ha fit in her Lamborghini, which is bent around a pylon. Bloom meets her. PENELOPE Hey. BLOOM Hi.    What are you doing here?
66) 7) text: He doesn't take it. BLOOM Yeah, I didn't want it, but thanks. PENELOPE Oh. (beat) Hey, where's this boat going?
68) 0) text: Bloom and Penelope stroll the deck.
68) 4) text: Up ahead, Bloom spots a large man in a fur collared cape gazing out to sea. He quickly turns Penelope away. BLOOM (cont'd) Here, this way.
69) 0) text: The Chink and Stephen play shuffleboard.     Bloom leads Penelope to them. BLOOM Penelope, this is my brother Stephen. STEPHEN Pleased to make your acquaintance. Bloom's told me about you, you're the epileptic photographer? PENELOPE Sort of. STEPHEN This is my personal secretary and masseuse, Mrs. Yuengling.
70) 0) text: The brothers dress for dinner. BLOOM You named the Chink `Yuengling?' STEPHEN I was writing in a bar. And she doesn't drink, how does she know a Philly beer? BLOOM She knows a lot of stuff. (beat) Was that who I thought it was on the East deck this morning? STEPHEN Yes it was. Did he spot you?
70) 1) text: An ominous glance. BLOOM Not yet.
71) 0) text: Several small tables scattered about the moonlit deck, Bl and Penelope sit with flutes of champagne. Penelope, in a elegant but understated dress, shuffles a pack of cards. BLOOM You look very nice.
71) 4) text: Penelope's hands move faster.     She knows how to shuffl cards. BLOOM How was it lonely? PENELOPE Fishing for an entertaining childhood anecdote that encapsulates my adult issues? BLOOM Well it's funny how everyone's usually got one.
71) 10) text: It wasn't `til I was nineteen they discovered what I was actually allergic to was the aluminum alloy the hypodermic needle was made out of. Then I was going to leave, but my mom got sick. So I stayed. And she stayed sick, a long time. BLOOM
71) 13) text: And a magician is just an actor playing the part of a magician.   My compliments. Bloom takes Penelope gently by the elbow and guides her u and away.
72) 1) text: Who is that man? You avoided him earlier on the deck. BLOOM
72) 2) text: I don't know, but he's carrying a knife up his sleeve and wearing a cape. Do me a favor and steer clear of him. A waltz drifts through the air from a band unseen. BLOOM (CONT'D) (cont'd)
72) 4) text: I went through a phase when I was mildly obsessed with the Bolero. BLOOM
72) 15) text: With that the Curator backs into the shadows, and is gone Moments later Bloom trots up to her, oblivious. BLOOM It isn't a Spanish band, but they'll do their best.
73) 0) text: Bloom wakes with a start. Morning light pours in through porthole. He opens it, looks out to sea.
75) 0) text: Bloom escorts Penelope to breakfast. PENELOPE How'd you find her? BLOOM The Chi-nese, uh, Yeungling?   She found us.
76) 0) text: Bloom cooks breakfast in his bathrobe. BLOOM (O.S.) A few years back, when we hit the top of our art dealing game, she just appeared.
76) 1) text: A door opens and slams. Bloom turns. The Chink sits at hi place at the table, suitcase beside her, smoking a cigare BLOOM (O.S.) (cont'd) She's stuck with us. We figure when she gets bored she'll vanish with the same lack of noise.
76) 2) text: Like feeding a strange animal, Bloom pours her coffee. drinks it without looking at him.
77) 1) text: I like her. BLOOM
77) 2) text: Good. They smile when they see Stephen and the Chink at a table Their smiles drop when they see the Curator sitting with them. Bloom glares at the Curator, but speaks to Stephen. BLOOM (cont'd)
77) 4) text: I invited him, sit down. This ship's too small to dance around each other for a week, we might as well have it out now. Bloom. Sit. Penelope, do you know our friend? PENELOPE
77) 6) text: Book-learned. You know languages but not accents, my dear. I am Belgian. Maxmillion Melville, at your service. BLOOM
78) 0) text: Bloom paces, Stephen shuffles cards. BLOOM
78) 2) text: Double Dutch Queens uses gaffed cards. BLOOM
78) 4) text: Jesus. BLOOM
78) 6) text: No. But something about her is worrying you plenty. BLOOM
79) 0) text: The Chink sits smoking her whittled pipe, watching Bloom alone on the deck. Stephen passes her, and she stops him with a look. STEPHEN Shut up.   I know what I'm doing.
79) 6) text: He crumples the paper, looks down at Bloom. STEPHEN (cont'd) Wire him back for me. "Dear Dog STOP Unless you've lately felt an excess of eyes left in your head kindly stay the fuck away from me and my brother STOP Regards," etcetera.
81) 0) text: Bloom and Penelope lie on the deck, watching dolphins. She says this word like she's eating chocolate: PENELOPE Smugglers. It's like an adventure story. Whose idea was it to go straight? BLOOM Mine. Stephen always loved the life. Then he was almost killed on a run to Jakarta, two thugs with heads like canned hams worked him beyond all reason.
83) 0) text: BLOOM
83) 2) text: Scary. BLOOM
83) 4) text: Telling a story. BLOOM
83) 6) text: That's kinda the thing we all want, right? He looks at her in the sun. BLOOM
84) 5) text: With a wink, he is gone.     A beat.   Penelope stands ap BLOOM My French is a little rusty, but I believe he just told you `my offer stands.' PENELOPE He came out of nowhere last night.
86) 0) text: BLOOM Oh lord.   What has he got? PENELOPE An 8th century prayer book.
89) 0) text: BLOOM That's what he does. STEPHEN Wonder who's his fence? BLOOM Probably his Spanish guy, right? (asks Penelope) Did he say who's buying? PENELOPE An Argentinian. Argentine? Argentinian?
91) 3) text: Behind Penelope, two porters load her steamer trunk into back of a taxi. BLOOM (cont'd) Where's that cab going? PENELOPE The train station. BLOOM Where's the train going? PENELOPE Prague.
91) 4) text: Bloom breathes. PENELOPE (cont'd) Let's do it. Let's, just, I want to try this. Let's be smugglers. I think it'd be fun. We should do this. BLOOM No. PENELOPE Why not? BLOOM Well first off, we don't have a million dollars. PENELOPE I do, I've got, that's whatever.   I mean a real reason. BLOOM This is real, it's dangerous, it could go very bad. PENELOPE I think a little real danger might suit me. I'm gonna do it. (MORE)
91) 7) text: So if you want to join my smugglers gang, you know, I'll consider it. She walks off towards the taxi. BLOOM
93) 0) text: Stephen reclines, hat on his face.    Bloom paces. STEPHEN
93) 1) text: Take it easy. She's having fun, that's the point of this. BLOOM
93) 2) text: She's making a flag for our "smugglers gang," man. She made me learn a secret smugglers handshake. Unhealthy. This afternoon, when she was writing, in the observation car? A letter? A journal? No. She is getting way too into this. Bloom fishes a crumpled piece of paper from his pocket an thrusts it in front of Stephen's face. On it are written dozens of variations in stylized fonts "Penelope the smuggler." BLOOM (cont'd)
93) 8) text: Exit Bloom.    Stephen sighs and drops his hat back on hi face.
94) 0) text: Bloom reads. Footsteps pound by outside. Penelope and the Chink run past his door. A moment later a uniformed ATTENDANT runs past. A beat, then the footsteps come back, and the girls duck Bloom's cabin, slamming the door. Sacks in their teeth. Off Bloom's quizzical look: PENELOPE Smuggling.     From the snack car.
94) 1) text: They pull bags of chips and tiny liquor bottles from thei sacks. Bloom glares at the Chink, who tries to avoid his gaze.
95) 0) text: Bloom pays the SNACK CAR ATTENDANT from a stack of Euros, while the Chink gives him counts on her fingers.
95) 5) text: She says no with a look, they drink. BLOOM She made up the Smuggler Song.
95) 6) text: The Chink nods.      Bloom pays for the Jameson. BLOOM (cont'd) I thought it was a Disney thing.
96) 0) text: The lights are off. Penelope reclines on the bed, surroun by empty tiny gin bottles. Drunk. Bloom sits on the floor, both framed in a big window look out on a breathtaking moonlit landscape rolling hypnotica by. PENELOPE Gin is fuckin fruity. Have you taken this train before? BLOOM Yeah. PENELOPE So this is all like fuckin `whatever' to you. BLOOM I usually drink with the Chink in the snack car, play cards. PENELOPE With the who?
96) 4) text: Bloom quietly slips the stack of cash in the green rubber band into Penelope's luggage. BLOOM No. PENELOPE I think you're constipated.   In your fuckin soul.
96) 5) text: Bloom makes several attempts to form a response to this before giving up. BLOOM What? PENELOPE You've got a big load of grumpy petrified poop up your ass, I'm just calling you out on it. Yeah I'm pretending I'm a smuggler, so you know what? I'm a fuckin smuggler. If that's your thing, fuckin tell it like you own it. When you've got a spotlight in front of your feet, man, fuckin jump into it and dance the shit out of it. Stop fuckin thinking so much. Enjoy the fuckin ride. Fuck.
96) 11) text: Shh.    I love thunderstorms. Another crash. Lying on her stomach, Penelope slowly star feeling something which makes her undulate. Bloom stares, confused. PENELOPE (cont'd)
96) 12) text: Whoa ha. Oh ho ho. Ohhhhhh whoooo ha ha ha ha. Beneath her, the train wheels rhythmically clack and vibr against the tracks. Another flash of lightening, the rain falls harder. Penelope writhes.   Bloom silently shrinks back in terror PENELOPE (cont'd)
96) 13) text: Oh hooooooooooo ha ha ha ha ha ha ha oh my GOD, ha whoooo.. whee... ha... hoo. I... am... so horny. BLOOM
96) 14) text: Nite. The door to her car latches, and Bloom is gone.
97) 0) text: Bloom sits drinking and playing cards with the Chink. spaces out, she snaps her fingers to wake him up. BLOOM (playing a card)
100) 0) text: STEPHEN (V.O.) Bloom and I will secure us lodging,
100) 1) text: The brothers set their suitcases on the beds. Bloom finds the stack of bills in the green rubber band in his.
104) 2) dialog: Max! Max! It's us, Bloom,         Max! Max! It's Stephen Stephen, Jesus, Max, easy,        Bloom, easy, whoa, Chri whoa!                             whoa now! The Curator stands in the smoky apartment hallway, sloppi draped in a ratty bathrobe, bottle in one hand and shotgu the other. He squints at them. THE CURATOR (cont'd) Ah. Good morning. Come in. I have been drinking.
106) 0) text: Penelope and Bloom wander into the bedroom, looking at an array of beautiful paintings on the wall. PENELOPE Gin is slow death, man.
106) 2) text: They go, leaving Bloom and Penelope, who squints at an unframed oil on canvas, of a lonely stone well in a prime forest clearing. It sits at the foot of an unmade bed.
107) 0) text: Bloom trots out, ahead of Penelope. THE CURATOR
107) 1) text: Mademoiselle. Bloom keeps going, anxious to leave, but Penelope lingers the staircase. The Curator comes out. THE CURATOR (cont'd)
108) 0) text: Penelope and Bloom stroll home in silence through crowded vibrant cobblestone streets. PENELOPE
108) 1) text: You aren't constipated. You're scared. What are you scared of? They walk on, suddenly somehow holding hands. As they approach the hotel, Bloom deftly breaks their han holding off. Penelope notices why.
111) 0) text: Bloom drinks alone, sketching Penelope's face with a penc A smell breaks his concentration. BLOOM
111) 2) text: Bloom. How long has it been? (sits, orders)
111) 3) text: Tea. (to Bloom)
111) 4) text: Can you believe that? Tea? Been a long while. BLOOM
111) 8) text: The Dog plays with a heavy gold lighter, making sparks. DIAMOND DOG (cont'd) It's been a funny thing, watching you boys take what I taught you and eclipse me. I'm so proud to be a footnote in the lives of the Brothers Bloom. And you hate me. The curse of all bad fathers - that my presence on this earth after I die will not live on the lips of admiring men, but will sink into the murky backwaters of my children's psyches. BLOOM Is this profundity?   Cause you can skip it. DIAMOND DOG Ha!   Ha ha. Piss and vinegar.
111) 9) text: The Dog scoots next to Bloom. DIAMOND DOG (cont'd) When I first took you boys in, showed you the ropes, haunting St. Pete's, piss and vinegar. I still crave that youthful joy. Even today.
111) 10) text: The Dog's hand touches Bloom's leg.     There is somethin horrible about this. Beneath the bar, Bloom grips the sharp pencil like a knif BLOOM Don't touch me. DIAMOND DOG You probably won't believe I loved you boys very much.
111) 14) text: You're going to take your hand away or I'm going to break your arm, there's nothing between. He does, but Bloom's fingers don't loosen on the pencil. DIAMOND DOG
111) 15) text: But love, you know. We know, folks like us, you can always blink and realize that it's a fiction, and like Peter walking on water or Wiley Coyote running off a cliff, if you look down in doubt you'll fall. That's the price of our lives, the wax in our wings. One day Stephen's going to fall. It may be glorious, but he's going to fall hard and he won't be there to tell you what to do and protect you. When he's gone, remember me. The Dog has moved in very close to Bloom, his breath hot his face, and his hand comes to rest fully on Bloom's leg Bloom's hand with the pencil quivers, about to strike- When Bloom is pulled from the bar stool by a heavy hand. Stephen, his eyes burning through the Dog. DIAMOND DOG (cont'd)
111) 16) text: Hello Stephen. Stephen smashes a bottle from the bar and slashes it acro the Dog's hand. Waiters and porters tackle him, the Dog howls, holding hi bleeding hand. Bloom stands numb, and puts the pencil in pocket.
112) 0) text: Bloom watches the Dog get into a waiting black Mercedes. an instant the car's interior light shows an 11 year old behind the tinted glass, as the Dog slides in and puts hi arm around him. The Mercedes drives off.
113) 0) text: Right in front of the hotel, on the water. Bloom sips cof from a china cup, spinning a paper in his hands. Stephen joins him, with a matching cup. STEPHEN
113) 1) text: I'm sorry I wasn't there. BLOOM
113) 3) text: No, I guess can't. A beat. BLOOM
113) 5) text: I'm a big fan of tonal shifts. I didn't write it for him, though. BLOOM
114) 0) text: Bloom flops into bed.   He turns and looks at the wall. Right on the other side of it...
116) 0) text: Bloom's breathing slows.   He closes his eyes. A beat. Then light snoring breaks the silence, coming through the wall. Penelope snoring. Bloom smiles slightly.   What a cute snore. The snoring deepens slightly. The clock on the wall advances from 1:30am to 5:50am, and through the window the horizon glows with the approach of dawn. Bloom lies wide awake on his back, red rimmed eyes wide o the guttural snoring ringing in his ears.
117) 0) text: Our four at the Curator's door. Bloom knocks, and they al step judiciously back. No response. STEPHEN
117) 1) text: Max? BLOOM
118) 0) text: Still and silent in the breaking light of morning. And totally empty.   Picked clean down to the bare walls. The only thing left in the apartment is the painting of t well... broken on the floor. Our intrepid four stand in various states of thoughtfulne Penelope stares at the painting, Bloom at the window. PENELOPE
118) 4) text: Poking around the room, Bloom opens a closet. The Curator stands pressed against the back wall in his pajamas. THE CURATOR (sotto) You're a little early.
118) 5) text: Bloom quickly closes it. STEPHEN I don't get it. If he was hightailing it he could have waited eight hours till we traded the million for the book, and had some traveling money. Well. Back to antiquing. Nothing gained, nothing lost. (to Penelope) And you got to see Prague, which is nice.
118) 6) text: Penelope's eyes widen with realization. PENELOPE Oh. BLOOM You should stay in the city for awhile, they have these amazing puppet show opera things-
119) 4) text: Bloom puts his hand on her arm, sympathetic. PENELOPE (cont'd) That poor man. What a waste.
119) 5) text: Bloom's expression turns quizzical. PENELOPE (cont'd) That poor Argentina man. He'll never see the book now, it'll just rot in the catacombs. What a waste.
119) 6) text: When Penelope lifts her suddenly brightened eyes in a mom of divine inspiration, Bloom meets her gaze with fear.
120) 0) text: Bloom paces, Penelope looks up at the castle with binocul The Chink and Stephen stand by. BLOOM No. No no. Can't you see what happened here, there is no book, we've been swindled - PENELOPE But maybe there is, maybe it's real, we don't know! BLOOM It's not real, it's a con. PENELOPE It's my money, I'm going to find out for sure. He gave us every piece of information we need.
120) 4) text: The Chink strokes her chin in mock-thoughtfulness. PENELOPE (to Bloom) C'mon. Help me break into this castle. It'll be fun.
121) 0) text: A Barbie Doll set up in the middle of the field explodes theatrical plume of fire. Several others follow suit. The Chink pops up from behind a mound of dirt in her avia goggles, cigarette dangling from her lip. She leans on a detonator plunger. Bloom, Stephen and Penelope crouch nearby, watching her w STEPHEN She's an artist with nitroglycerin. It's kind of her thing. PENELOPE I feel like I want to know more about her.
121) 1) dialog: Yeah.                             Yeah. STEPHEN Check the tat.
122) 0) text: The Chink lies on the floor with Penelope, showing her ho build a tiny remotely detonated bomb. She slices a tiny b off a brick of dynamite, sets it in a petri dish with a detonator, and puts the whole thing in a handbag. Penelope appreciates her. Bloom and Stephen hunker over the castle floorplan. STEPHEN There's a smoke detector in these empty rooms in the east tower. So we plant and set off a tiny - (to the Chink) TINY tiny, tiny charge.
122) 2) text: Penelope and the Chink do their elaborate handshake, and gives Stephen and Bloom a finger snap thumbs up.
123) 0) text: Bloom and Penelope, up late at the table.     Going over floorplan one more time. BLOOM
123) 2) text: Second left, third right, access hatch behind the copier, I need to sleeeeeeep... BLOOM
123) 4) text: Bloom, I need to sleep. He folds up the plans, she wraps up the brick of dynamite bomb components and spots a black leather backpack beside open handbag on the table. PENELOPE (cont'd)
123) 5) text: Is this Yeungling's backpack? BLOOM
123) 7) text: You know what I feel? BLOOM
125) 0) text: Bloom half wakes. Across the landscape of the bed, Penelope sleeps.   Sunli on her body and her sleeping face. Distant KNOCKING.     From the next room over. Bloom's eyes snap open.    He scampers.
132) 0) text: Stephen, Bloom and Penelope are joined by the Chink. STEPHEN Ok.
132) 1) text: He looks through his binoculars again. BLOOM Alright? PENELOPE Ok.
132) 2) text: They share a brief moment with their eyes, and Penelope t off. The Chink caught it. She looks at Bloom slyly. BLOOM For the record, I'm still against this. Why send her in alone?
132) 3) text: The Chink finds a way to casually smell Bloom's fingers. STEPHEN Because going in alone is a very important thing to do. She's walking into a zero security tourism office during a fire drill and taking a five hundred dollar manuscript replica from a utility crawlspace. Worst case scenario, a file clerk asks if she's lost. Which isn't even going to happen. (to the Chink) She's in position.
132) 4) text: He spots Penelope casually waiting beside an unmarked doo Bloom notices the Chink looking at him with a knowing gri She mimes sealing her lips and tossing the key.
132) 7) text: Bloom spots the handbag.         Something's not right. BLOOM Uh-
134) 1) text: Bloom grabs the binoculars from Stephen, looks for Penelo
136) 0) text: BLOOM Don't do it don't do it Penelope don't-
138) 0) text: Bloom drops the binoculars and sprints.
140) 0) text: Bloom nears the courtyard, sees Penelope up ahead. BLOOM Pen! Don't - abort!   Corned beef! Corned beef!
141) 0) text: Penelope deftly spins the cigar 180 degrees. The Guard absently picks it up and puts it back in his mo fire-side first. He howls, doubles over. She dashes into the door. Bloom bursts out of the crowd and lunges for the door, bu SECOND SECURITY GUARD stops him. Dozens more security guards swarm in. Overhead, an army helicopter buzzes by. Bloom stares into the doorway, helpless and scared.
145) 0) text: A full view of the castle reveals just about the worst ca scenario. The entire area swarms with army helicopters an tanks, soldiers with rifles, yellow tape, news crews. Stephen, Bloom and the Chink sit behind the police line o the bridge with the rest of the crowds. Heads in their hands.
147) 0) text: Bloom suddenly stands. BLOOM
152) 0) text: The hubbub has died down considerably, soldiers march awa from the castle in formation. Bloom Stephen and the Chink sit watching for some sign. Three police cars, sirens blazing, drive down the length the bridge. BLOOM The Chief of Police.
152) 1) text: As the last one passes, Bloom sees the Chief of Police ri shotgun, and Penelope sitting with a soldier behind caged mesh in the back seat. His face falls. Then Penelope spots him, points and says something. Very suddenly, the police car stops. The Chief of Police gets out.       Nods at our intrepid And opens the door for Penelope. As she climbs out he motions for the passing soldiers to stand at attention an salute her. He kisses her hand. CHIEF OF POLICE (in Czech) It has been a privilege, madame, to behold even briefly such a strong, beautiful flower. PENELOPE (in Czech) Thank you sir, I will not soon forget your kindness.
152) 2) text: She blushes and smiles, then does an unhurried victory st back to Bloom, Stephen and the Chink.
153) 0) text: Bloom and Stephen sit among empty wine glasses. The Chink approaches, gives Stephen a hand gesture. STEPHEN Let her sleep. Train doesn't leave till eight. BLOOM That was real. STEPHEN Yeah, I know. BLOOM Fuckin scary.
154) 0) text: Bloom walks pensively through a green park. Cat Stevens' "Miles from Nowhere" plays from a nearby radio. His eye catches something.       A shiny red apple on a f seller's cart. He approaches it slowly, face flushed, breath shallow, ey the elderly vendor with a thin semblance of nonchalance. Holy shit.    He is going to steal that apple. Deftly he passes, lifting and pocketing it just as the Ve turns away. Bloom has done it. His pale face tightens.
155) 0) text: Stephen bails Bloom out. STEPHEN An apple? BLOOM Yeah, but it was part of an epiphany.
157) 0) text: Stephen pokes his head into Penelope's car, says goodnigh As soon as he's gone, a foot dangles down outside the win and taps it. Penelope pulls it open, Bloom shimmies in wi two mini bottles of gin. He kisses her.
158) 0) text: Bloom holds a sleeping Penelope, watching the sun stream through the window and slipping the green rubber band cas into her suitcase. A low horn blows, and Bloom's face darkens.
159) 4) text: He strolls off, leaving Bloom watching the horizon gloomi
160) 0) text: Our intrepid four sit around a small table (except for th Chink, who lies on a deck chair in a bikini and Chuck Taylors, sunning herself.) STEPHEN Oh-kay. We're rendezvousing with Senor Rioso's guys here, on an isolated beach just south of the Mexican port town Tampico. A simple handoff. Penelope and Yeungling will stay with the car, Bloom and I will do the handing. PENELOPE You guys seem a little tense. STEPHEN Well I'm not thrilled they set this in Mexico. There could be legitimate reasons, but Mexico's - and I don't want to simplistically vilify an entire country, but Mexico's a horrible place. So we'll be careful.
162) 0) text: The beach sprawling below them, Penelope and Bloom meande The hotel itself feels very old, red ruinous stone. PENELOPE Is this going to be more dangerous than I think, tomorrow?
162) 4) text: On the distant beach, following the faint rapport of gunf a palm tree falls over. PENELOPE I'm really happy right now.   Are you? BLOOM Right now I am.
162) 5) text: She kisses him and runs off along the cliff side, singing smuggler song. BLOOM (cont'd) Penelope...
162) 6) text: But she's too far away now, and the ocean is too loud. Sh can't hear him, and he can't hear her, and in another mom she has vanishes into the green brush and white flowers. Behind Bloom's pained face, the sun dips towards the beac
163) 0) text: Stephen packs for tomorrow, Bloom stares out the black window, drinking. Flower in his lapel. Stephen picks up the con flowchart. STEPHEN The last box in our last con. Let them begin the beguine. How's it feel? BLOOM She's something special, Stephen. STEPHEN Uh huh. BLOOM Can I...
163) 5) text: Stephen comes very close to Bloom's face, looks him strai in the eye. Finds his answer. STEPHEN I don't believe you.
164) 0) text: Bloom stands, the beach behind him, the glowing lights of hotel before him. Growing determination.
165) 0) text: Bloom knocks on a door.       Penelope answers, in her ba
166) 0) text: Bloom pulls Penelope by the hand, but she stops.
166) 4) text: Deep breath. BLOOM My brother and I are con men. All things considered, we might be the most respected con man team working today. And everything since you hit me with your Lamborghini, all of this, it's all fake. It's all a con.
168) 0) text: BLOOM No, we were going to blow you off tomorrow using the cackle bladder, it's a, term, we have actors playing the Argentina guy's men, when we showed up the deal would go bad, they would open fire on us, Stephen and I would pretend to be shot using blood packets, squibs. That's - cackle bladder, in the old days they put fake blood in chicken bladders, so... So you'd escape with the Chink, she'd send you off with a little travelling money and that would be that. PENELOPE Wow. BLOOM But that's not how this one's going to end. I love you now, and I want to get you out of this. I'm going to do what I have to do to get you out of this, away from all this for good. Are you ready?
169) 0) text: Bloom leads Penelope down the beach by the hand. BLOOM
169) 2) text: Money? I don't want the money, let's just leave. For a moment he's tempted.      The dark beach house loom BLOOM
170) 0) text: Dark. Bloom leads Penelope in, stumbles in the dark, switches on a lamp. Click, click - it doesn't come on. STEPHEN (O.S.)
170) 1) text: You have to switch it on at the base. A beat.   Bloom does. Stephen sits in an easy chair, not looking happy.     But angry. Much more sad than angry. BLOOM
170) 3) text: Disappointed. BLOOM
170) 5) text: It doesn't matter now. This is the way it ends. So let's get it over with. BLOOM
170) 10) text: Stephen stands. STEPHEN I'm sorry you fell in love with her. But she's a mark. And all of this, all of it is a con. Every moment you shared with her, you were just playing the part of a man falling in love. That's what you're afraid of, right? That you don't know the difference? Or maybe that there is no difference. That that's what love is. PENELOPE We're leaving. STEPHEN (to Bloom) No. You're too scared to leave. You're scared to ride off into a sunset that isn't painted tarpaulin, cause real sunsets are beautiful but they turn into dark uncertain nights. If you were ready for that, you wouldn't be here. The money is in my bedroom. Right behind me. But in my story you don't get the money or the sunset or the girl.
170) 11) text: A long beat.       The dark bedroom doorway looms behind PENELOPE Bloom.    Let's just go.   Please.
170) 15) text: Tastes like tin foil. And sinks to the ground. Bloom's eyes glaze.    He crawls to his brother.   Takes his arms. BLOOM
170) 16) text: I'm sorry. Penelope watches the brothers holding each other. Tears i her eyes, but she backs away a step, very conscious of no being a part of this moment. Bloom looks up at her, almost taking a moment to recogniz her. PENELOPE
170) 17) text: Bloom... He doesn't move from his brother. PENELOPE (cont'd)
171) 0) text: A wood patio with steps leading down to the sand.   Bloom watches Penelope, now very distant, almost gone. Stephen comes out, pulls out a flask. STEPHEN
171) 3) text: You actually connected on a few of those punches. BLOOM
171) 5) text: I was disappointed.    But I wasn't surprised. Bloom turns and SLUGS him in the jaw.   Stephen falls to sand. BLOOM
174) 0) text: Bloom walks up the stone alley to his apartment, a bag of groceries in hand. He spots the white car parked out fron Loud shouting in Italian grows louder, until Penelope and Grandmother burst out the front door. Berating each other with Italian curses and hand gestures. Penelope sees Bloom, and freezes. PENELOPE Hello.
174) 3) dialog: Hey.
174) 4) text: The Grandmother keeps up her barrage as she takes the groceries from Bloom, but as soon as she's behind Penelop back she gives Bloom a wink, points to her and gives a th up of approval.
175) 0) text: Bloom and Penelope wander the twisty alleyways of the cit BLOOM How did you find me?
176) 0) text: They sit with wine and bread. BLOOM Why are you here, Penelope? PENELOPE Why did you decide to stay with your brother instead of coming with me in Mexico? BLOOM Everything Stephen said that night was true.
176) 3) text: She takes a piece of paper from her pocket, unfolds it an slides it across the table to him. On it, written over and over in a dozen different stylize fonts, is "PENELOPE THE CON ARTIST." Bloom sets the paper down with a snap. BLOOM Go away. Everything Stephen said was true. I was just playing you as a mark. Everything between us, none of it was real.
177) 0) text: Bloom dials a pay phone.    He's been crying.    It rings BLOOM Pick up... c'mon...
179) 0) text: BLOOM How quickly can you get to Ferentino? STEPHEN (ON PHONE) Uh... Nine-ish?
179) 1) text: Bloom fishes out his pocket watch. BLOOM Alright.
181) 0) text: Stephen and Bloom sit on the little landing outside the apartment. STEPHEN So she comes back wanting to work with us. Honestly? I think we'd be lucky to have her. If you called me to hear my opinion on the matter. Which I'm getting the feeling you didn't. BLOOM I did what I did in Mexico to get her out of all this. I would rather die than bring her into the con. STEPHEN So maybe you want to tell me what I'm doing in Ferentino.
182) 0) text: Penelope sleeps on a cot against the window. Bloom enters wearily.    Sits in a chair.   Watches her. In the next room over, Stephen sits in the dark.    Shuff cards. A lovely tune sung in Mandarin Chinese plays over this, segueing us into...
183) 0) text: On a television screen, images of the Shanghai skyline. TITLE CARD - Shanghai A wall of monitors, which the Chink steps in front of, singing the climax of the song. Beautiful and sad. As the song ends, she sees through the spotlight Penelope Bloom and Stephen at a table. Penelope waves.
184) 0) text: The four sit with drinks. PENELOPE So what's the next job? STEPHEN Before we do the next job, we need to liquidate our assets from the last job. PENELOPE But you've got- STEPHEN Your money from the last job, well that's profit, not capital, the three of us have already split it up. So step one: sell the book of hours. PENELOPE I thought it was fake. STEPHEN With all your random expertise we couldn't risk a flat out fake. It isn't worth two point five million, we could maybe catch four hundred grand for it, but it's real. Who'd we buy it from? BLOOM Minskie. STEPHEN Perfect, we'll sell it right back to him.
184) 1) text: The Chink hands him a piece of paper. STEPHEN (cont'd) If he wasn't dead. BLOOM Well there's Demarco or Boyer. Or Roche, if we want to go state-side.
184) 4) text: Bloom and the Chink know exactly what he's talking about, they don't look happy. PENELOPE Where?
185) 0) text: BLOOM Russia. It's like `cancer', I don't even like saying the word.
185) 1) text: Bloom, Stephen and the Chink drink in a cramped little concrete room adjacent to the bar's kitchen. STEPHEN We're obviously not going to deal with real Russians. They'll be our guys in a phony set up, they'll take our phony book and give her phony cash, a closed loop. Safe and simple.
185) 2) text: Bloom looks to the Chink for an opinion.      Gets a blan STEPHEN (cont'd) So.   We go to St. Petersburg.
185) 3) text: At the mention of St. Petersburg Bloom looks sharply at Stephen, but Stephen presses on. STEPHEN (cont'd) She does the hand-off with our fake "Russians." But while we're driving out of town, everything goes bad.
185) 8) text: He points to the second box, "Red Dawn." STEPHEN (cont'd) First they ambush our car, destroying the money. Then they take me out, then the Chink, and finally you Bloom, in a heroic death that allows Penelope to barely escape with her life. Devastated but reborn with the knowledge that you loved her so much you died so she could live, she drives off into a romantic life of adventure and peril, on the run from imaginary Russians.
188) 0) text: Stephen, Bloom and the Chink ride down to the lobby with red suitcase.
190) 0) text: BLOOM I don't understand. Tell me so I understand. Three months ago you were ready to blind the old bastard- STEPHEN We need someone who can pass for the Russian mob to buy our fake book. The Dog's got his big store right here in St. Petersburg. BLOOM Alright, fuckin stop. You want this to finish in St. Petersburg, you want this to end with the Dog for some what thematic something? Fine but don't tell it like a story, let's say it. Twenty three years ago and I can still smell, that blood red apartment of his, the smell of that place. I hate him Stephen but this isn't that, this is I don't trust him.
191) 1) text: The Dog opens it, revealing US hundreds.      Examines it loupe. DIAMOND DOG (cont'd) Impressive, boys. BLOOM It's trash. There's visible cross hatching in Franklin's eye.
191) 3) text: The Dog closes the case, and for a moment Bloom's eyes re on his bandaged hand. He then takes the case and quickly moves off with his cre
192) 0) text: The Chink leads Stephen and Bloom around the brown Peugeo STEPHEN So. Our fake Russian attack. One small charge will simulate a bullet hit, and blow out the back window.
192) 2) text: Stephen makes a note in a manila envelope, tucks it in hi jacket. BLOOM Ok.
193) 0) text: Bloom and the Chink walk back to their rooms.      The Ch expressionless. BLOOM You've been awful quiet.
193) 1) text: She doesn't react. BLOOM (cont'd) I'm doing this for her.
193) 2) text: But a door clicks shut, and Bloom is alone in the hall.
194) 0) text: Penelope in bed. Her door cracks open, and she sleepily looks up. Bloom stands silhouetted in the doorway. PENELOPE
194) 1) text: Tomorrow it all starts. She lifts the sheets. He gets into bed, and as she drifts into peaceful slumber Bloom is very conscious of holding for the last time. When her snores begin, he has ear plugs ready.
196) 0) text: Bloom, Stephen and the Chink parked in an alley, watching doorway across the street with a pair of binoculars. Bloom breathes uneasily, checks his watch. BLOOM
199) 0) text: The Chink drives, Stephen rides shotgun. Bloom and Penelope in the back seat.    He looks weary. He sees the bridge approaching, maybe a half mile ahead. She pulls his head down into her lap, fingers in his hair He breathes, closes his eyes. An explosion shatters the front passenger window. Bloom's eyes snap open, he bolts upright. The bridge is still a quarter mile away. In the next moment the car becomes a din of breaking glas screams, tires screeching.
203) 0) text: Bloom wakes. Rain splattering.       Slumped against a tr Penelope hunches over him. BLOOM What happened? PENELOPE Are you alright? BLOOM What happened? PENELOPE Yeungling went to get another car. BLOOM Where's Stephen? PENELOPE We don't know. He was gone.
203) 1) text: Bloom stands shakily, goes to the charred car.      Runs fingers over the dozens of bullet holes. Goes to where Stephen fell.       Lying in the grass, a m envelope. PENELOPE (cont'd) We're going to find him. If he escaped, he'll contact us. If they've got him, it's for ransom.
203) 5) text: The Chink pulls up in the green bug, headlights catching Bloom's face against the dark forest depths.
204) 0) text: A desolate gas station parking lot. Bloom sits in the Bug loading his revolver with shaky fingers. Penelope stands outside. BLOOM Stephen, god please what's happening. I don't know what to do. I don't know Stephen please. Please. What's happening. Please.
204) 1) text: A long black sedan screeches to a halt in the parking lot outside the window, Bloom bolts out of the car, pistol re But the Chink climbs out of the black sedan. PENELOPE Where does she get all these cars?
204) 2) text: Bloom motions for Penelope to stay back, then goes to mee the Chink in the middle of the parking lot. BLOOM If you know what's happening, now would be a really good time to speak up.
204) 3) text: She sets a suitcase down beside her.    Bloom takes this BLOOM (cont'd) No, please. Not now. I need your help here now, I don't know what to do.
204) 8) text: The engine turns over, and the Chink's car EXPLODES in a dramatic fireball. The paper flutters out of Blooms's fingers a moment befor and Penelope are thrown to the pavement by the shock wave Bloom and Penelope lift their heads, absorbing what just happened.
206) 0) text: A dive.   The chef on the phone. CHEF Ah, ah yes, Mr. Bloom.      Yes, ok. ALL THE COOKS Blooooom!
207) 0) text: Bloom on a pay phone, scribbling on a piece of paper.
207) 4) text: This phrase, written on Bloom's paper. CHEF And then it end with "Goodbye shit head."
207) 5) dialog: Shit head? CHEF But it is different meaning in Mandarin, uh, endearing. "Shit head" if you have affection for shit.
208) 0) text: The Bug parked nearby. Penelope sits on the curb, crying. Bloom sits next to her. PENELOPE What did it mean? BLOOM I don't know. PENELOPE What did it say? BLOOM "We're all of us marks in our own cons." And she said goodbye. PENELOPE I still can't believe it. BLOOM That the Chink fell for a car bomb? Neither can I. PENELOPE (hopeful) What? Oh, oh god do you think she faked it? So the Russians would think she was dead?
208) 3) text: Scrawled on the inside of the manila envelope - "An unwri life." Bloom's face clears. He wipes his eyes. BLOOM Ok.
208) 4) text: Bloom goes to the Bug. PENELOPE Where are you going? BLOOM This wasn't Russians. This was done by an old mentor of ours who wants us off the map. He has an apartment in St. Petersburg. So this is, yeah. I've gotta go back to that apartment to face the Dog and get my brother back. That's how I'm gonna end this.
208) 5) text: Penelope's eyes gleam. She jumps up to the passenger door and Bloom stops her with a weary look. PENELOPE We can skip the whole you-sending- me-nobly-away-and-me-refusing-to- leave-your-side-thing. BLOOM Thank Christ.
209) 0) text: A narrow alley between tall apartments.    Bloom parks, p his gun and checks it.
210) 0) text: A badly lit apartment hallway.       Bloom approaches a d Penelope behind him. His breathing becomes hard.        His face contorts.   H next to the door. PENELOPE What's in there? Tell me who this guy is.
210) 1) text: Bloom's breathing steadies. BLOOM He's just an old man.
211) 0) text: Blood red walls. Dark, neglected and to all appearances empty.       Bloom down the darkened corridor, gun outstretched.       Breat through his nose, chokes. BLOOM Dog!   I came back.
211) 2) text: Bloom almost laughs. BLOOM Is that what that smell is?
211) 7) text: The shotgun sinks to the ground.      Penelope strokes hi back from his face. Bloom lowers the gun, trembling. BLOOM Ask him if anyone else is here.
211) 8) text: She does. BOY Nyet. BLOOM Ask him where the Diamond Dog is. PENELOPE Diamond Dog? (in Russian) Where is the Diamond Dog? BOY (in English) The Dog of Diamonds is gone.
211) 9) text: Bloom does a quick search of the rest of the room. As he does Penelope asks the boy one more question in Russian, gets a quick answer. BLOOM Get the car started. PENELOPE What about him? BLOOM It's alright.
211) 13) text: You don't need to be afraid of him anymore. Or angry at him. Or ever come back here again. He doesn't concern you anymore. Understand? It's gonna be ok. The boy nods. Bloom hands him the stack of bills wrapped the green rubber band. The boy snatches it and runs off.
212) 0) text: Bloom trots out of the apartment building, and sees two things: Penelope working the VW's starter, and a black Mercedes speeding down the narrow street towards her. He sprints towards her, screaming BLOOM
212) 1) text: Get out!   Get out of the car!! She sees the approaching Merc, too late, and ducks down. A hand hurls something from the darkened window. It smash through the Bug's passenger side window, showering Penelo with glass. The Mercedes roars off down the street. Bloom reaches the Bug and throws the door open. Penelope lies covered in safety glass, holding a Russian nesting doll.
213) 0) text: The seven progressively smaller dolls lie open on the bac seat, Bloom holds the two halves of the final tiny doll, Penelope holds a note. PENELOPE
213) 4) text: A cold pit opens in Bloom's stomach. BLOOM Oh.   Oh oh. No no NO.
213) 5) text: He punches the dashboard. BLOOM (cont'd) No I'll kill him. I'll kill him if that's what this is, if that's all that this is, no NO NO. PENELOPE What are you talking about? BLOOM There's another possibility that I should of, I'm a fucking idiot. This might all be a con. By my brother. To get me - oh god - he wanted me to face the Dog, to end it, and he gets your money. Oh god. I'm going to be sick. PENELOPE Would he do that? To you? BLOOM I don't know. Yes.   Yes of course he would. (MORE)
213) 9) text: But you don't know. Let's transfer the money. You don't know. BLOOM
214) 0) text: Bloom sits in the car, alone. He punches the dashboard again, helpless enraged and scared. Penelope gets in, looks at the address on the note. PENELOPE
215) 0) text: Penelope and Bloom sit in the car, parked in front of the impressive facade of a closed, burned out old theater. The clock on the dashboard reads 1:50. BLOOM
216) 0) text: No lights. Moldy dust. A genuinely creepy place.      Blo steps lightly, deeper into the theater. BLOOM
217) 0) text: A few lights flicker on the walls, fitfully illuminating broken dusty seats and bare ruined stage. Bloom walks down the aisle, trying to keep his voice stea BLOOM
217) 1) text: Stephen! A spotlight snaps on from the mezzanine, right in Bloom's face. He spins, trapped in its glare. A guttural command is shouted in what might be Russian. When Bloom doesn't respond, the spot silently advances a feet ahead of him towards the stage. Bloom gingerly follows it, up onto the splintered stage a finally resting on a split in the tarpaulin backdrop. With a wary glance back, Bloom steps through it.
218) 0) text: Giant fossils of antique stage scenery. Utility lights hi above, cut by scaffolding, patch everything in dim jagged forms of light and black. BLOOM (unsteady)
218) 1) text: Stephen. Game's up. Come on out. Let's blow this one hat town. Silence. Then a harsh utility lamp snaps on, cruelly lighting Stephen's face. Shockingly bruised and battered, old and new blood. Bloom cries and rushes towards him...
218) 4) text: He obeys. Stephen is tied to a chair. A dark figure behin him holds the lamp with a black gloved hand. BLOOM Stephen, who is it?   Is it the Dog? STEPHEN Did Penelope wire the money? BLOOM Yeah. STEPHEN They're calling to check right now. Don't move. I'm alright.
218) 5) text: The dark figure's cell phone rings, he holds it to his ea for a moment then flips it closed. Something happens in the blackness, and Stephen shakily stands, cut loose. STEPHEN (cont'd) Stay where you are, Bloom. I'm coming to you.
218) 6) text: He takes a couple wobbly steps. Behind him, Bloom sees the dark figure raising his gun towards Stephen's back, pulling the hammer... And the utility lamp switches off. BLOOM No!
218) 7) text: Bloom's revolver pops out of his sleeve and he's firing i the blackness. Stephen drops flat to the ground. The fiery rapport of a big pistol flashes from the blackn strobing the scene like stage lightning. Bloom reloads behind the cover of a heavy flat, but Steph lies on his stomach out in the open. BLOOM (cont'd) Stephen!
218) 10) text: Stay back! But Bloom makes a dash for his brother, out into the open unloading three more rounds into the dark. The dark figure returns fire on Bloom, who is sprinting f on his feet in a large pool of light. A sitting duck. Stephen launches himself up, tackling Bloom backwards. Just before they fall behind the safety of the flat, a re burst of blood flowers from Stephen's left lower back. Bloom sets him down gently, and hears heavy footsteps beh him. He turns, firing, but only sees a blur of dark coat go by through the torn backdrop. Bloom runs out on stage, tearing the tarpaulin, and fires after the dark figure limping up the aisle and away into lobby. Silence. Bloom walks back to Stephen, who lies behind the flat, breathing heavy. Blood soaking through his shirt. BLOOM
218) 13) text: Can I get a `wow' for this one? BLOOM
218) 17) text: Tastes like tin foil. Alright here's what I want you to do. The Chink split? BLOOM
218) 19) text: How? BLOOM
218) 21) text: Good. Here's what. Take Penelope back to Helsinki, take that flight to Rio. Lay low like we said. Play out the on-the-run-from- vengeful-Russians thing, that'll be fun for her. Play it like I'm dead, actually - that'll add some gravity to everything, that'll be nice. And I'll see you when I see you. BLOOM
218) 23) text: I hope not. Last thing you need is me hanging around. Anyway, how could I top this? Bloom hugs him again. BLOOM
218) 28) text: Alright. Stephen cuts, to the Queen of hearts. BLOOM (cont'd)
218) 31) text: You're the only audience I've ever needed. Wink.   Bloom leaves. Stephen watches him go.
219) 0) text: Rumbling towards Finland. In the Bug, Bloom sleeps in Penelope's arm while she driv She looks at his hand on hers, his shirt cuff bright red Stephen's "blood." She strokes his shoulder sadly. Off Bloom's sleeping face...
221) 0) text: Bloom wakes with a start. PENELOPE Hey. Hey, it's ok. The bridge is coming up, we're almost at the border. Were you dreaming about Stephen?
221) 1) text: She strokes his hair back from his face. He nods, and looks down at his sleeve. Stephen's "blood" on his white cuff. Now a dark shade of brown. Bloom looks at this shirt.      All the blood, it's all b He looks up at the road, nearly panicked. Maybe a quarter mile ahead is the bridge. BLOOM Pull over.     Pull over!!
222) 0) text: She does. He bursts out of the car, and run/tumbles down the grassy hillside till he finds the car tracks. He follows them to the charred remains of the Peugeot. Penelope stumbles down after him. PENELOPE What is it? You're scaring me- BLOOM What did you ask the Russian kid, in the Dog's apartment? He said the Dog isn't here, then what did you ask?
222) 1) text: Bloom kicks open the trunk.      Pries open the blistered case.
222) 6) text: A single eye gazing up at him, the green grass behind it. The eye is perfect.    No cross hatching. Bloom sinks to his knees. BLOOM This is real. They hassled you. PENELOPE Bloom- BLOOM The Dog was gone before we got there. They hadn't cleared out of their apartment, they had been cleared out.
224) 0) text: BLOOM Real Russians. Took his store. They didn't know about his deal with us, but you haggled with them. You really sold the book to real Russians. The Diamond Dog was gone.
225) 1) text: Let's get the hell out of Russia. Bloom tosses the gold lighter, it splashes into the lake. follow it, plunging beneath the surface. Deep deep down, among weak tendrils of light, the Diamond sinks into watery blackness, a long blade in his neck.
226) 0) text: BLOOM
226) 2) text: I know. BLOOM
226) 4) text: I know. BLOOM
226) 5) text: He's gone. Bloom folds into Penelope's arms, but she doesn't let him She holds his crying face up. PENELOPE
226) 9) text: She holds his face close to hers for a long beat. Then smiles and pushes away, launching up the grassy hill. Bloom watches her. Time slows as she turns back towards him, still running, holds out her hand for him to follow. BLOOM (V.O.) I was thinking of something Stephen said too. "The perfect con is one where everyone involved gets just the thing they wanted." Well.