0) 1) dialog: As far as con man stories go, I think I've heard them all. Of grifters, ropers, faro fixers, tales drawn long and tall. But if one bears a bookmark in the confidence man's tome, twould be that of Penelope, and of the brothers Bloom.
1) 1) dialog: At ten and thirteen Bloom and Stephen (the younger and the old)
2) 1) dialog: had been through several foster families. The FOSTER FATHER slaps Bloom upside the head. Stephen LAUNCHES across the table, tackling the dad and beating t crap out of him. NARRATOR (cont'd)
3) 3) dialog: Mischief moved them on in life, and moving kept them close.
4) 1) dialog: For Bloom had Stephen, Stephen Bloom, and both had more than most. The front door opens, and a pair of FOSTER PARENTS eye th brothers suspiciously.
5) 1) dialog: Another home, another main street. Stephen looked around, then summed the burgh up thusly:
5) 3) dialog: One theater. One car wash. One cafe. One park. One cat. Which, through some mishap, had one leg. The cat sits on a roller skate, rowing itself down the st with its one leg.
6) 1) dialog: One school, which meant one tight- knit group of local well-off kids.
7) 1) dialog: Their pocket-change bought rocket pops,
8) 1) dialog: The brothers, Stephen slaps the change down angrily and points with a scowl.
9) 1) dialog: They were the `they'. All well loved, rooted, happy as you please. Bloom and Stephen sit off to the side of the park, none t happy nursing their Pixie Stix. NARRATOR (cont'd)
11) 0) text: Bloom stumbles from the trees (very much as if he's been shoved) and regains his footing and freezes, not shielded all now from the playing kids and the girl. NARRATOR
11) 2) text: Talk to her! NARRATOR
11) 3) text: Just drop his fears and go? Leave his brother in the woods, and join the children? The girl makes eye contact, twisting a daisy chain betwee her tiny fingers. Bloom's adam apple convulses. He turns tail and runs back into the woods. NARRATOR (cont'd)
13) 1) text: Stephen spreads out a hand-drawn flowchart on a stump, an talks Bloom through it. NARRATOR A fiction made for profit, in which both boys played a part. A simple con in fifteen steps. STEPHEN And this is where we start.
14) 0) text: Children and the gold haired Girl playing.      The wall foliage where the forest begins shimmers. NARRATOR And then, as if a curtain had been pulled back from the sky... Some barrier within the younger Bloom was broken.
14) 5) text: They talk.    They run.   They laugh.   They play. NARRATOR So Bloom performed his role in Stephen's story to a T.
15) 0) text: Bloom does indeed, sitting and laughing with a circle of kids, suddenly a natural born charmer. NARRATOR And being who he wasn't, could be as he wished to be.
21) 4) text: Wait... Bloom's lip quivers, obviously conflicted. NARRATOR
28) 1) text: The kids all rejoice, and fist-fulls of dollars are thrus Bloom. He looks almost crestfallen as his eye catches the girl's joyful gaze. NARRATOR So Sunday came...
30) 0) text: In the dim light of a cave, Stephen overturns the coolers water and retreats into shadow. A flood soaks into the di floor, as outside the mouth of the cave the group of pant children come into sight. NARRATOR They stopped. Their hearts leapt. There it was.
32) 3) text: He puts on a burst of speed, gets ahead of the crowd. NARRATOR (cont'd) He'd catch the light and find the treasure...
32) 4) text: Turning a corner, he (alone) sees the rather tawdry image Stephen, flashlight in hand, shooing him back as he turns next corner. Bloom stops running. NARRATOR (cont'd) But the moment passed.
33) 0) text: NARRATOR They didn't catch the will-o-wisp, but didn't really care.
33) 1) text: The muddied children walk home, laughing, while Bloom lea against a lamppost. Stephen appears behind him, counting their money. STEPHEN It seems to me that in the end, the perfect con is where each one involved gets just the thing they wanted. BLOOM Yeah I guess so. NARRATOR Our fledgling thieves were satisfied.
34) 0) text: A front door opens, revealing a porch-full of 30 angry parents holding 15 muddied kids by their ears. NARRATOR
35) 0) text: Two suitcases on a bed are snapped closed and pulled away The bed sits solid and vacant in the dusty afternoon sunlight. NARRATOR
35) 1) text: A bitter ending? Maybe. But there's sweetness in the mix. Beneath the bed, forgotten, a piece of paper.    On it, t flow-chart. Numbered boxes. NARRATOR (cont'd)
35) 2) text: The brothers Bloom had found their calling. One of the boxes... number six... NARRATOR (cont'd)
35) 3) text: As shown in number six. BOX #6:   "Cut % O'Henry's" NARRATOR (cont'd)
36) 0) text: Through a storefront window - rows of the children's mudd Sunday clothes hang, each tagged. NARRATOR
37) 1) text: So how's it feel? Bloom's eye catches the children, and the girl, playing i the distance. NARRATOR
37) 2) text: In truth, young Bloom won't know for twenty years just how he felt. HONK! A `Child Welfare' car waiting out on the street. brothers pick themselves up. NARRATOR (cont'd)