53) 5) text: Stephen pulls Bloom into the trees as a cherry red Lamborghini roars down the private road, does an unruly d and crunches painfully into a tree, kicking up a cloud of dust and smoke. Thumping bass from the audio system turns off, and from t dust cloud emerges PENELOPE, early 30s, beautiful but in non-Lamborghini way. Bloom watches her through the trees, none too happy.
54) 5) text: The front door of the mansion slams, and they watch Penel drag a harp around into the back yard. STEPHEN Penelope Stamp. Thirty three. Lived at home her whole life.
54) 6) text: Bloom's eyes never leave Penelope. BLOOM An eccentric shut-in rich bitch. You're not helping your case.
54) 7) text: The Chink silently hands Bloom a retractable spyglass, he watches Penelope drift atop a hill and sit on a stump. STEPHEN She's bored, a seed in the snow. We're going to put her through a grand adventure, bring her to life. BLOOM So this is the big plan. Lure me back into things with some beautiful intriguing elusive girl, stir up old memories with the prospect of redemption and rebirth. Seriously Stephen. Amateur night.
54) 11) text: I'm not saying yes. But what's the con? Stephen spreads a folded piece of paper on a tree stump, a flowchart on it. Numbered boxes. Bloom doesn't take his spyglass off Penelope. STEPHEN
54) 12) text: It's actually pretty simple. We're brothers, antique dealers, perusing the Americas for antiquities en route to someplace exciting via luxury steamer, say Greece. You tie into her and work your magic... Penelope plays on.
57) 0) text: Silent and blue. Time slows to a crawl as Bloom sails through the air, arcing over the Italian luxury car's hoo and past a horrified Penelope, face frozen mid scream beh the wheel. BLOOM (V.O.) There's actually a knack to this. You want to avoid dying or breaking anything that won't grow back, but you don't want to roll out of it and come up roses. If you're trying to fast track into a mark's sympathies, there's nothing quite as efficient as having your first conversation be from a hospital bed they put you in. I usually like to try for a dislocated shoulder.
58) 0) text: Penelope sleeps, bruised and battered. Bloom sits bedside uncomfortably, arm in a wimpy sling. She stirs. Bloom lea forward. Slurred with sleep and drugs, she painfully barely breath PENELOPE Are you alright?
60) 0) text: Bloom slumps in a chair, watching Penelope sleep. BLOOM (V.O.) The next step is to figure out a way to insinuate yourself into their personal life.
60) 1) text: Bloom drifts off, then wakes with a start. It is MORNING.     Penelope is shaking him. PENELOPE I think they took my car.     Could you drive me home?
60) 3) text: She walks away, the back of her gown wide open, then turn PENELOPE I'm Penelope Stamp.
61) 0) text: Bloom drives, Penelope gazes stiffly out the window. BLOOM (V.O.) Engagement. Find a connection with your mark through conversation. BLOOM (cont'd) I'm sorry about your Lamborghini.
61) 1) dialog: S' ok.
61) 6) text: More silence. PENELOPE This car is like riding in a huge marshmallow.
62) 1) text: Bloom looks about to launch into something, when Penelope drops a stack of cash bound in a green rubber band on his dashboard. PENELOPE For the bike, and the whole, thing. This was a big shit sandwich. Ok. Bye.
62) 3) text: Bloom starts driving off, and adjusts the passenger side mirror so it points back to the road. As he does he sees Penelope in it, sprinting after his car. He stops.    A moment later she appears at his window, he
63) 0) text: Bloom and Penelope sit in a luxurious stone-based kitchen neither touching their coffee. Bloom talks. This is how Penelope listens: she starts with her eyes on Bloom, then very quickly drifts away into her own thought then recognizes she's doing it and makes eye contact agai and gives an overbaked "oh yes go on" smile/nod, then doe all again. Three or four times. BLOOM ...didn't really have anyone except each other growing up, and our father was in the antique business, he had a shop in Charleston. So we stuck together, my brother Stephen and me, we and just took over the shop when dad died. Then we realized one day, we saw the dealers who were finding and selling us the antiques coming from exotic countries all over the world, and there was a, almost a scent they had, when they'd come in the dusty shop we worked nine to five in since we were nineteen, the air would, like before a rain, the ions would line up, and you could just smell midnight trains to Paris and steamer ships and Calcutta bazaars, and we made the decision, we just did it, that we want to have that sort of life. So we did, and we've been travelling and treasure hunting the world ever since, and could you, I'm sorry, stop doing - that, you're, I'm, ok. Alright, look. PENELOPE I'm really bad at talking to people.
64) 0) text: Victorian, expensive. Penelope leans against the window, looking out. Sulking. Bloom enters. BLOOM So what kind of stuff do you do? PENELOPE Nothing.   Maybe you should go. BLOOM Alright. I'm just gonna finish my coffee first.
64) 1) text: Very slowly, he sips it.     Each sip becomes a noisier a noisier slurp. PENELOPE I collect hobbies. I see someone doing something I like, and I get books and learn how to do it. BLOOM Hm.   Anything interesting? PENELOPE Not really.
64) 2) text: In which Penelope demonstrates the following with exactin seriousness and skill for Bloom: Playing the piano.      The classical guitar.   The fiddl banjo. Putting the finishing touches on a ship in a bottle. Executing a perfect ollie on a skateboard.
64) 6) text: On Bloom's shell-shock face. BLOOM Is that it? PENELOPE No.   I know a lot of stuff. BLOOM You just learned this stuff, here by yourself? PENELOPE Kinda sad. BLOOM No. So you just thought, `so I want to learn this and this,' and you just did it? How do you plan to use all these skills? PENELOPE I dunno. I'm not a planner. I just do stuff. Here, look at this watermelon. It's a camera. You can make a pinhole camera out of anything hollowish and dark. BLOOM It's gotta warp the image though, right?
64) 10) text: It's a lie that tells the truth. PENELOPE
64) 12) text: What's changed between now and twenty minutes ago? Cause this is kinda like a conversation. PENELOPE
65) 0) text: Bloom and Penelope walk and talk, finally rounding the ho and ending up at the driveway. BLOOM
65) 1) text: Well, I should, uh, it's late. So. I meet a lot of people in my job I have to professionally act interested in. It's a good feeling to be genuinely interested in someone. PENELOPE
65) 6) text: During this, Bloom very naturally moves his hand to the s of Penelope's back. The edge of his thumb comes to rest o small slit of exposed skin. Penelope's expression does not change, but a noticeable b crosses her still face. When Bloom removes his hand, the blush falls. BLOOM (cont'd) Paris and Greece, I think. I've gotta get a hat. Thanks for the pinhole camera demonstration. And for the good conversation. Goodbye Penelope. PENELOPE Goodbye Bloom.
66) 5) text: Penelope pulls a clumsy steamer trunk that never could ha fit in her Lamborghini, which is bent around a pylon. Bloom meets her. PENELOPE Hey. BLOOM Hi.    What are you doing here?
66) 6) text: She holds out the stack of bills in the green rubber band PENELOPE You left this money in my kitchen.
66) 7) text: He doesn't take it. BLOOM Yeah, I didn't want it, but thanks. PENELOPE Oh. (beat) Hey, where's this boat going?
68) 0) text: Bloom and Penelope stroll the deck.
68) 4) text: Up ahead, Bloom spots a large man in a fur collared cape gazing out to sea. He quickly turns Penelope away. BLOOM (cont'd) Here, this way.
69) 0) text: The Chink and Stephen play shuffleboard.     Bloom leads Penelope to them. BLOOM Penelope, this is my brother Stephen. STEPHEN Pleased to make your acquaintance. Bloom's told me about you, you're the epileptic photographer? PENELOPE Sort of. STEPHEN This is my personal secretary and masseuse, Mrs. Yuengling.
69) 1) text: A nearly imperceptible glare from the Chink. PENELOPE Yuengling like the beer?
71) 0) text: Several small tables scattered about the moonlit deck, Bl and Penelope sit with flutes of champagne. Penelope, in a elegant but understated dress, shuffles a pack of cards. BLOOM You look very nice.
71) 4) text: Penelope's hands move faster.     She knows how to shuffl cards. BLOOM How was it lonely? PENELOPE Fishing for an entertaining childhood anecdote that encapsulates my adult issues? BLOOM Well it's funny how everyone's usually got one.
71) 5) text: As Penelope tells her story she gets fancier with her shuffles. PENELOPE When I turned six I started getting allergies, hayfever, rashes, really bad. So my mom took me into the doctor, and he did that test where they use needles to prick a grid on your back with all the different toxins, to see which ones you're allergic to. The next day I came in, the doctor lifted up my shirt, and my back looked like a patch of oily, moldy, blackish green double- puff marshmallows. I was allergic to everything. So they sealed the house with plastic and a special ventilation system, and I spent my entire childhood and adolescence indoors. Mostly alone. Lonely.
71) 9) text: Wow. PENELOPE
71) 11) text: Do you feel cheated? Penelope does an amazing card trick using the four queens PENELOPE
71) 13) text: And a magician is just an actor playing the part of a magician.   My compliments. Bloom takes Penelope gently by the elbow and guides her u and away.
72) 0) text: They stroll out onto the moonlit bow of the ship. PENELOPE
72) 3) text: I don't suppose in all your hobby acquiring you ever learned how to dance? PENELOPE
72) 6) text: Mademoiselle. PENELOPE
72) 8) text: I didn't mean to startle you. PENELOPE (in French, subtitled)
74) 0) text: The Chink and Penelope lie on their stomachs on the deck, beer can pinhole camera between them. Penelope gives a lesson on how it works. The Chink appreciates her.
75) 0) text: Bloom escorts Penelope to breakfast. PENELOPE How'd you find her? BLOOM The Chi-nese, uh, Yeungling?   She found us.
77) 0) text: PENELOPE
77) 4) text: I invited him, sit down. This ship's too small to dance around each other for a week, we might as well have it out now. Bloom. Sit. Penelope, do you know our friend? PENELOPE
77) 7) text: Also known in certain professional circles as the Curator. PENELOPE
77) 9) text: I'm a curator, presently for the National Museum in Prague. And yourself? PENELOPE
77) 14) text: Penelope snaps her fingers.     Everyone looks up. PENELOPE Your name's Melville? THE CURATOR Maxmillion Melville, Esquire.
81) 0) text: Bloom and Penelope lie on the deck, watching dolphins. She says this word like she's eating chocolate: PENELOPE Smugglers. It's like an adventure story. Whose idea was it to go straight? BLOOM Mine. Stephen always loved the life. Then he was almost killed on a run to Jakarta, two thugs with heads like canned hams worked him beyond all reason.
83) 1) text: And I called it, that was it. PENELOPE
83) 3) text: For me. Stephen enjoyed it. He loved the idea that we were internationally infamous art smugglers, but I think deep down, same as me, he felt like we were putting on a persona, faking it. PENELOPE
83) 5) text: He'd love to die on a job. Cornered at midnight on a run to Jakarta. That's his dream, to tell his story so well it fulfills itself. It somehow would make it finally real for him. PENELOPE
84) 5) text: With a wink, he is gone.     A beat.   Penelope stands ap BLOOM My French is a little rusty, but I believe he just told you `my offer stands.' PENELOPE He came out of nowhere last night.
85) 0) text: Penelope taking air on the moonlit deck.     The Curator dissolves out of the darkness. PENELOPE (V.O.) Whatever's in his pipe, it made me thick.
86) 0) text: BLOOM Oh lord.   What has he got? PENELOPE An 8th century prayer book.
87) 0) text: We fly through the city streets... PENELOPE (V.O.) From his museum in Prague, stashed in the castle.
89) 0) text: BLOOM That's what he does. STEPHEN Wonder who's his fence? BLOOM Probably his Spanish guy, right? (asks Penelope) Did he say who's buying? PENELOPE An Argentinian. Argentine? Argentinian?
91) 0) text: PENELOPE He'll sell it to a middleman for one million, US. The Argentin...a guy will pay two point five. STEPHEN Not bad. PENELOPE Is he legit?
91) 3) text: Behind Penelope, two porters load her steamer trunk into back of a taxi. BLOOM (cont'd) Where's that cab going? PENELOPE The train station. BLOOM Where's the train going? PENELOPE Prague.
91) 4) text: Bloom breathes. PENELOPE (cont'd) Let's do it. Let's, just, I want to try this. Let's be smugglers. I think it'd be fun. We should do this. BLOOM No. PENELOPE Why not? BLOOM Well first off, we don't have a million dollars. PENELOPE I do, I've got, that's whatever.   I mean a real reason. BLOOM This is real, it's dangerous, it could go very bad. PENELOPE I think a little real danger might suit me. I'm gonna do it. (MORE)
91) 8) text: This is not an adventure story. PENELOPE
93) 2) text: She's making a flag for our "smugglers gang," man. She made me learn a secret smugglers handshake. Unhealthy. This afternoon, when she was writing, in the observation car? A letter? A journal? No. She is getting way too into this. Bloom fishes a crumpled piece of paper from his pocket an thrusts it in front of Stephen's face. On it are written dozens of variations in stylized fonts "Penelope the smuggler." BLOOM (cont'd)
94) 0) text: Bloom reads. Footsteps pound by outside. Penelope and the Chink run past his door. A moment later a uniformed ATTENDANT runs past. A beat, then the footsteps come back, and the girls duck Bloom's cabin, slamming the door. Sacks in their teeth. Off Bloom's quizzical look: PENELOPE Smuggling.     From the snack car.
96) 0) text: The lights are off. Penelope reclines on the bed, surroun by empty tiny gin bottles. Drunk. Bloom sits on the floor, both framed in a big window look out on a breathtaking moonlit landscape rolling hypnotica by. PENELOPE Gin is fuckin fruity. Have you taken this train before? BLOOM Yeah. PENELOPE So this is all like fuckin `whatever' to you. BLOOM I usually drink with the Chink in the snack car, play cards. PENELOPE With the who?
96) 4) text: Bloom quietly slips the stack of cash in the green rubber band into Penelope's luggage. BLOOM No. PENELOPE I think you're constipated.   In your fuckin soul.
96) 5) text: Bloom makes several attempts to form a response to this before giving up. BLOOM What? PENELOPE You've got a big load of grumpy petrified poop up your ass, I'm just calling you out on it. Yeah I'm pretending I'm a smuggler, so you know what? I'm a fuckin smuggler. If that's your thing, fuckin tell it like you own it. When you've got a spotlight in front of your feet, man, fuckin jump into it and dance the shit out of it. Stop fuckin thinking so much. Enjoy the fuckin ride. Fuck.
96) 6) text: A roll of thunder and spectacular flash of lightning igni the landscape, and rain starts to patter. Penelope stiffe PENELOPE (cont'd) Whoa.
96) 10) text: Look, I'm not- PENELOPE
96) 11) text: Shh.    I love thunderstorms. Another crash. Lying on her stomach, Penelope slowly star feeling something which makes her undulate. Bloom stares, confused. PENELOPE (cont'd)
96) 12) text: Whoa ha. Oh ho ho. Ohhhhhh whoooo ha ha ha ha. Beneath her, the train wheels rhythmically clack and vibr against the tracks. Another flash of lightening, the rain falls harder. Penelope writhes.   Bloom silently shrinks back in terror PENELOPE (cont'd)
99) 0) text: Our intrepid four stroll the bridge, the city's castle looming before them. Penelope slumps pale faced in dark glasses.
102) 1) dialog: Cash?
106) 0) text: Penelope and Bloom wander into the bedroom, looking at an array of beautiful paintings on the wall. PENELOPE Gin is slow death, man.
106) 2) text: They go, leaving Bloom and Penelope, who squints at an unframed oil on canvas, of a lonely stone well in a prime forest clearing. It sits at the foot of an unmade bed.
107) 0) text: Bloom trots out, ahead of Penelope. THE CURATOR
107) 1) text: Mademoiselle. Bloom keeps going, anxious to leave, but Penelope lingers the staircase. The Curator comes out. THE CURATOR (cont'd)
107) 2) text: It is you I do business with, yes? PENELOPE
108) 0) text: Penelope and Bloom stroll home in silence through crowded vibrant cobblestone streets. PENELOPE
108) 1) text: You aren't constipated. You're scared. What are you scared of? They walk on, suddenly somehow holding hands. As they approach the hotel, Bloom deftly breaks their han holding off. Penelope notices why.
111) 0) text: Bloom drinks alone, sketching Penelope's face with a penc A smell breaks his concentration. BLOOM
113) 4) text: That was a real tonal shift.    The Curator's tale. On one side of the paper is the sketch of Penelope, on th other is the con flowchart. "#12 - The Curator's Tale." "#14 - Castle Break-In." STEPHEN
115) 0) text: Penelope lies in bed, looking at the wall also.   She clo her eyes.
116) 0) text: Bloom's breathing slows.   He closes his eyes. A beat. Then light snoring breaks the silence, coming through the wall. Penelope snoring. Bloom smiles slightly.   What a cute snore. The snoring deepens slightly. The clock on the wall advances from 1:30am to 5:50am, and through the window the horizon glows with the approach of dawn. Bloom lies wide awake on his back, red rimmed eyes wide o the guttural snoring ringing in his ears.
118) 0) text: Still and silent in the breaking light of morning. And totally empty.   Picked clean down to the bare walls. The only thing left in the apartment is the painting of t well... broken on the floor. Our intrepid four stand in various states of thoughtfulne Penelope stares at the painting, Bloom at the window. PENELOPE
118) 5) text: Bloom quickly closes it. STEPHEN I don't get it. If he was hightailing it he could have waited eight hours till we traded the million for the book, and had some traveling money. Well. Back to antiquing. Nothing gained, nothing lost. (to Penelope) And you got to see Prague, which is nice.
118) 6) text: Penelope's eyes widen with realization. PENELOPE Oh. BLOOM You should stay in the city for awhile, they have these amazing puppet show opera things-
119) 0) text: Several empty glasses of wine, one full one in Penelope's hand. All heads are slumped. PENELOPE Oh.
119) 3) text: The Chink hands Stephen a piece of paper.       He glance STEPHEN The check was cashed yesterday afternoon, he'd have deposited it in a Swiss account. I'm sorry Pen. PENELOPE What a waste.
119) 4) text: Bloom puts his hand on her arm, sympathetic. PENELOPE (cont'd) That poor man. What a waste.
119) 5) text: Bloom's expression turns quizzical. PENELOPE (cont'd) That poor Argentina man. He'll never see the book now, it'll just rot in the catacombs. What a waste.
119) 6) text: When Penelope lifts her suddenly brightened eyes in a mom of divine inspiration, Bloom meets her gaze with fear.
120) 0) text: Bloom paces, Penelope looks up at the castle with binocul The Chink and Stephen stand by. BLOOM No. No no. Can't you see what happened here, there is no book, we've been swindled - PENELOPE But maybe there is, maybe it's real, we don't know! BLOOM It's not real, it's a con. PENELOPE It's my money, I'm going to find out for sure. He gave us every piece of information we need.
120) 4) text: The Chink strokes her chin in mock-thoughtfulness. PENELOPE (to Bloom) C'mon. Help me break into this castle. It'll be fun.
121) 0) text: A Barbie Doll set up in the middle of the field explodes theatrical plume of fire. Several others follow suit. The Chink pops up from behind a mound of dirt in her avia goggles, cigarette dangling from her lip. She leans on a detonator plunger. Bloom, Stephen and Penelope crouch nearby, watching her w STEPHEN She's an artist with nitroglycerin. It's kind of her thing. PENELOPE I feel like I want to know more about her.
122) 0) text: The Chink lies on the floor with Penelope, showing her ho build a tiny remotely detonated bomb. She slices a tiny b off a brick of dynamite, sets it in a petri dish with a detonator, and puts the whole thing in a handbag. Penelope appreciates her. Bloom and Stephen hunker over the castle floorplan. STEPHEN There's a smoke detector in these empty rooms in the east tower. So we plant and set off a tiny - (to the Chink) TINY tiny, tiny charge.
122) 2) text: Penelope and the Chink do their elaborate handshake, and gives Stephen and Bloom a finger snap thumbs up.
123) 0) text: Bloom and Penelope, up late at the table.     Going over floorplan one more time. BLOOM
123) 1) text: So straight down the corridor, again, tell me where. PENELOPE
123) 3) text: The abort code if we need to abort is "corned beef." For some reason. PENELOPE
123) 4) text: Bloom, I need to sleep. He folds up the plans, she wraps up the brick of dynamite bomb components and spots a black leather backpack beside open handbag on the table. PENELOPE (cont'd)
123) 6) text: Yeah. She gently puts the brick of stabilized nitroglycerin ins the front zipper compartment, and sets the tiny petri-dis bomb beside the handbag. PENELOPE
123) 8) text: Horny? PENELOPE
125) 0) text: Bloom half wakes. Across the landscape of the bed, Penelope sleeps.   Sunli on her body and her sleeping face. Distant KNOCKING.     From the next room over. Bloom's eyes snap open.    He scampers.
126) 0) text: In his boxers, holding trousers and shirt in his teeth, B swings over the ledge from Penelope's window into his.
129) 0) text: Penelope folds a plastic bag and puts it under her jacket
132) 0) text: Stephen, Bloom and Penelope are joined by the Chink. STEPHEN Ok.
132) 1) text: He looks through his binoculars again. BLOOM Alright? PENELOPE Ok.
132) 2) text: They share a brief moment with their eyes, and Penelope t off. The Chink caught it. She looks at Bloom slyly. BLOOM For the record, I'm still against this. Why send her in alone?
132) 4) text: He spots Penelope casually waiting beside an unmarked doo Bloom notices the Chink looking at him with a knowing gri She mimes sealing her lips and tossing the key.
135) 0) text: Panicked tourists stumble away from the descending dust. Penelope sees what's happened, but holds her ground. The unmarked door opens, and a dozen business people pour out.
136) 0) text: BLOOM Don't do it don't do it Penelope don't-
139) 1) text: He blocks the office door, and sets his cigar down for a moment. Penelope spots it.
140) 0) text: Bloom nears the courtyard, sees Penelope up ahead. BLOOM Pen! Don't - abort!   Corned beef! Corned beef!
141) 0) text: Penelope deftly spins the cigar 180 degrees. The Guard absently picks it up and puts it back in his mo fire-side first. He howls, doubles over. She dashes into the door. Bloom bursts out of the crowd and lunges for the door, bu SECOND SECURITY GUARD stops him. Dozens more security guards swarm in. Overhead, an army helicopter buzzes by. Bloom stares into the doorway, helpless and scared.
142) 0) text: Water rains down from the ceiling sprinklers.   Penelope weaves through the halls.
143) 0) text: Cramped, ill lit, and with its own sprinkler. Penelope dashes in, shoulders the massive cold war era co machine and with a Herculean effort pulls it away from th wall. PENELOPE
144) 0) text: Tiny, earthy.   Penelope shuts the hatch behind her. Light from a barred window illuminates a rectangular shap lying on a stone slab. Penelope approaches the small BOOK HOURS reverently.
146) 0) text: Penelope is broken out of her stupor by heavy footsteps a around her, soldiers searching the castle. Voices right outside the hatch.   She slides the wimpy li bolt shut. It rattles. She looks up - a moldy vent in the muddy ceiling.
148) 0) text: Penelope wriggles on her belly through a tin ventilation barely big enough for her. The book, encased in the plast bag, hangs from her teeth. Sounds of soldiers searching the offices come from below Up ahead she sees a point of light. With a gleeful grunt shimmies faster - she's nearly made it!
150) 0) text: Penelope freezes.   A beat of silence. The tin gives way, and she plummets...
152) 1) text: As the last one passes, Bloom sees the Chief of Police ri shotgun, and Penelope sitting with a soldier behind caged mesh in the back seat. His face falls. Then Penelope spots him, points and says something. Very suddenly, the police car stops. The Chief of Police gets out.       Nods at our intrepid And opens the door for Penelope. As she climbs out he motions for the passing soldiers to stand at attention an salute her. He kisses her hand. CHIEF OF POLICE (in Czech) It has been a privilege, madame, to behold even briefly such a strong, beautiful flower. PENELOPE (in Czech) Thank you sir, I will not soon forget your kindness.
157) 0) text: Stephen pokes his head into Penelope's car, says goodnigh As soon as he's gone, a foot dangles down outside the win and taps it. Penelope pulls it open, Bloom shimmies in wi two mini bottles of gin. He kisses her.
158) 0) text: Bloom holds a sleeping Penelope, watching the sun stream through the window and slipping the green rubber band cas into her suitcase. A low horn blows, and Bloom's face darkens.
160) 0) text: Our intrepid four sit around a small table (except for th Chink, who lies on a deck chair in a bikini and Chuck Taylors, sunning herself.) STEPHEN Oh-kay. We're rendezvousing with Senor Rioso's guys here, on an isolated beach just south of the Mexican port town Tampico. A simple handoff. Penelope and Yeungling will stay with the car, Bloom and I will do the handing. PENELOPE You guys seem a little tense. STEPHEN Well I'm not thrilled they set this in Mexico. There could be legitimate reasons, but Mexico's - and I don't want to simplistically vilify an entire country, but Mexico's a horrible place. So we'll be careful.
162) 0) text: The beach sprawling below them, Penelope and Bloom meande The hotel itself feels very old, red ruinous stone. PENELOPE Is this going to be more dangerous than I think, tomorrow?
162) 4) text: On the distant beach, following the faint rapport of gunf a palm tree falls over. PENELOPE I'm really happy right now.   Are you? BLOOM Right now I am.
162) 5) text: She kisses him and runs off along the cliff side, singing smuggler song. BLOOM (cont'd) Penelope...
165) 0) text: Bloom knocks on a door.       Penelope answers, in her ba
165) 1) dialog: Hey. BLOOM I know what I've gotta do. I've gotta talk to you. Are you wearing shoes?
165) 2) dialog: What's up?
166) 0) text: Bloom pulls Penelope by the hand, but she stops.
168) 0) text: BLOOM No, we were going to blow you off tomorrow using the cackle bladder, it's a, term, we have actors playing the Argentina guy's men, when we showed up the deal would go bad, they would open fire on us, Stephen and I would pretend to be shot using blood packets, squibs. That's - cackle bladder, in the old days they put fake blood in chicken bladders, so... So you'd escape with the Chink, she'd send you off with a little travelling money and that would be that. PENELOPE Wow. BLOOM But that's not how this one's going to end. I love you now, and I want to get you out of this. I'm going to do what I have to do to get you out of this, away from all this for good. Are you ready?
169) 0) text: Bloom leads Penelope down the beach by the hand. BLOOM
169) 1) text: Stephen's gone into town to prep the Argentina actors. Your money's at his place. PENELOPE
170) 0) text: Dark. Bloom leads Penelope in, stumbles in the dark, switches on a lamp. Click, click - it doesn't come on. STEPHEN (O.S.)
170) 10) text: Stephen stands. STEPHEN I'm sorry you fell in love with her. But she's a mark. And all of this, all of it is a con. Every moment you shared with her, you were just playing the part of a man falling in love. That's what you're afraid of, right? That you don't know the difference? Or maybe that there is no difference. That that's what love is. PENELOPE We're leaving. STEPHEN (to Bloom) No. You're too scared to leave. You're scared to ride off into a sunset that isn't painted tarpaulin, cause real sunsets are beautiful but they turn into dark uncertain nights. If you were ready for that, you wouldn't be here. The money is in my bedroom. Right behind me. But in my story you don't get the money or the sunset or the girl.
170) 11) text: A long beat.       The dark bedroom doorway looms behind PENELOPE Bloom.    Let's just go.   Please.
170) 16) text: I'm sorry. Penelope watches the brothers holding each other. Tears i her eyes, but she backs away a step, very conscious of no being a part of this moment. Bloom looks up at her, almost taking a moment to recogniz her. PENELOPE
170) 17) text: Bloom... He doesn't move from his brother. PENELOPE (cont'd)
171) 0) text: A wood patio with steps leading down to the sand.   Bloom watches Penelope, now very distant, almost gone. Stephen comes out, pulls out a flask. STEPHEN
172) 0) text: Penelope's home, bucolic on a lazy Spring day. At a picnic table at the far edge of the front lawn, Pene sits writing with intense concentration on a piece of pap After awhile she raises her head, regarding what she's written thoughtfully. Folds it up, puts it in her pocket. Clicks the seemingly innocent ballpoint pen. BEEP. The mansion EXPLODES, completely. She walks away without looking back. After a beat, the plaster deer explodes in a ridiculous fireball.
174) 0) text: Bloom walks up the stone alley to his apartment, a bag of groceries in hand. He spots the white car parked out fron Loud shouting in Italian grows louder, until Penelope and Grandmother burst out the front door. Berating each other with Italian curses and hand gestures. Penelope sees Bloom, and freezes. PENELOPE Hello.
175) 0) text: Bloom and Penelope wander the twisty alleyways of the cit BLOOM How did you find me?
175) 1) dialog: The Chink. BLOOM How did you find the Chink? PENELOPE She gave me her cell when we got to Mexico. BLOOM I didn't even know she had one. PENELOPE I think she's kind of selective in who she gives the number to.
176) 0) text: They sit with wine and bread. BLOOM Why are you here, Penelope? PENELOPE Why did you decide to stay with your brother instead of coming with me in Mexico? BLOOM Everything Stephen said that night was true.
176) 3) text: She takes a piece of paper from her pocket, unfolds it an slides it across the table to him. On it, written over and over in a dozen different stylize fonts, is "PENELOPE THE CON ARTIST." Bloom sets the paper down with a snap. BLOOM Go away. Everything Stephen said was true. I was just playing you as a mark. Everything between us, none of it was real.
176) 4) text: She leans in close to him, her hand on his leg. PENELOPE I don't believe you.
180) 0) text: Penelope plays cards with the Grandmother.
182) 0) text: Penelope sleeps on a cot against the window. Bloom enters wearily.    Sits in a chair.   Watches her. In the next room over, Stephen sits in the dark.    Shuff cards. A lovely tune sung in Mandarin Chinese plays over this, segueing us into...
183) 0) text: On a television screen, images of the Shanghai skyline. TITLE CARD - Shanghai A wall of monitors, which the Chink steps in front of, singing the climax of the song. Beautiful and sad. As the song ends, she sees through the spotlight Penelope Bloom and Stephen at a table. Penelope waves.
184) 0) text: The four sit with drinks. PENELOPE So what's the next job? STEPHEN Before we do the next job, we need to liquidate our assets from the last job. PENELOPE But you've got- STEPHEN Your money from the last job, well that's profit, not capital, the three of us have already split it up. So step one: sell the book of hours. PENELOPE I thought it was fake. STEPHEN With all your random expertise we couldn't risk a flat out fake. It isn't worth two point five million, we could maybe catch four hundred grand for it, but it's real. Who'd we buy it from? BLOOM Minskie. STEPHEN Perfect, we'll sell it right back to him.
184) 4) text: Bloom and the Chink know exactly what he's talking about, they don't look happy. PENELOPE Where?
185) 4) text: He lays a simple flowchart, drawn on a napkin - three box He points to the first, "Penelope sells book to `Russians
185) 8) text: He points to the second box, "Red Dawn." STEPHEN (cont'd) First they ambush our car, destroying the money. Then they take me out, then the Chink, and finally you Bloom, in a heroic death that allows Penelope to barely escape with her life. Devastated but reborn with the knowledge that you loved her so much you died so she could live, she drives off into a romantic life of adventure and peril, on the run from imaginary Russians.
187) 0) text: Penelope snores on the bed, while our intrepid three unpa The phone rings.    Stephen answers it, listens, hangs up STEPHEN Our "Russians" have arrived.
194) 0) text: Penelope in bed. Her door cracks open, and she sleepily looks up. Bloom stands silhouetted in the doorway. PENELOPE
196) 1) text: She gives the Dog the book, he gives her the fake money. This is taking too long. Just then Penelope trots out.    Metal attache case in ha
197) 0) text: On the outskirts of town, parked beside a murky little la Our heroes gather around the metal attache case on the ho PENELOPE
199) 0) text: The Chink drives, Stephen rides shotgun. Bloom and Penelope in the back seat.    He looks weary. He sees the bridge approaching, maybe a half mile ahead. She pulls his head down into her lap, fingers in his hair He breathes, closes his eyes. An explosion shatters the front passenger window. Bloom's eyes snap open, he bolts upright. The bridge is still a quarter mile away. In the next moment the car becomes a din of breaking glas screams, tires screeching.
203) 0) text: Bloom wakes. Rain splattering.       Slumped against a tr Penelope hunches over him. BLOOM What happened? PENELOPE Are you alright? BLOOM What happened? PENELOPE Yeungling went to get another car. BLOOM Where's Stephen? PENELOPE We don't know. He was gone.
203) 1) text: Bloom stands shakily, goes to the charred car.      Runs fingers over the dozens of bullet holes. Goes to where Stephen fell.       Lying in the grass, a m envelope. PENELOPE (cont'd) We're going to find him. If he escaped, he'll contact us. If they've got him, it's for ransom.
204) 0) text: A desolate gas station parking lot. Bloom sits in the Bug loading his revolver with shaky fingers. Penelope stands outside. BLOOM Stephen, god please what's happening. I don't know what to do. I don't know Stephen please. Please. What's happening. Please.
204) 1) text: A long black sedan screeches to a halt in the parking lot outside the window, Bloom bolts out of the car, pistol re But the Chink climbs out of the black sedan. PENELOPE Where does she get all these cars?
204) 2) text: Bloom motions for Penelope to stay back, then goes to mee the Chink in the middle of the parking lot. BLOOM If you know what's happening, now would be a really good time to speak up.
204) 8) text: The engine turns over, and the Chink's car EXPLODES in a dramatic fireball. The paper flutters out of Blooms's fingers a moment befor and Penelope are thrown to the pavement by the shock wave Bloom and Penelope lift their heads, absorbing what just happened.
208) 0) text: The Bug parked nearby. Penelope sits on the curb, crying. Bloom sits next to her. PENELOPE What did it mean? BLOOM I don't know. PENELOPE What did it say? BLOOM "We're all of us marks in our own cons." And she said goodbye. PENELOPE I still can't believe it. BLOOM That the Chink fell for a car bomb? Neither can I. PENELOPE (hopeful) What? Oh, oh god do you think she faked it? So the Russians would think she was dead?
208) 4) text: Bloom goes to the Bug. PENELOPE Where are you going? BLOOM This wasn't Russians. This was done by an old mentor of ours who wants us off the map. He has an apartment in St. Petersburg. So this is, yeah. I've gotta go back to that apartment to face the Dog and get my brother back. That's how I'm gonna end this.
208) 5) text: Penelope's eyes gleam. She jumps up to the passenger door and Bloom stops her with a weary look. PENELOPE We can skip the whole you-sending- me-nobly-away-and-me-refusing-to- leave-your-side-thing. BLOOM Thank Christ.
210) 0) text: A badly lit apartment hallway.       Bloom approaches a d Penelope behind him. His breathing becomes hard.        His face contorts.   H next to the door. PENELOPE What's in there? Tell me who this guy is.
211) 1) text: He kicks open a door, revealing a large living space. He lowers his gun, switches on the light. Penelope enters.     Sniffs the air. PENELOPE Moth balls.
211) 7) text: The shotgun sinks to the ground.      Penelope strokes hi back from his face. Bloom lowers the gun, trembling. BLOOM Ask him if anyone else is here.
211) 8) text: She does. BOY Nyet. BLOOM Ask him where the Diamond Dog is. PENELOPE Diamond Dog? (in Russian) Where is the Diamond Dog? BOY (in English) The Dog of Diamonds is gone.
211) 9) text: Bloom does a quick search of the rest of the room. As he does Penelope asks the boy one more question in Russian, gets a quick answer. BLOOM Get the car started. PENELOPE What about him? BLOOM It's alright.
212) 0) text: Bloom trots out of the apartment building, and sees two things: Penelope working the VW's starter, and a black Mercedes speeding down the narrow street towards her. He sprints towards her, screaming BLOOM
212) 1) text: Get out!   Get out of the car!! She sees the approaching Merc, too late, and ducks down. A hand hurls something from the darkened window. It smash through the Bug's passenger side window, showering Penelo with glass. The Mercedes roars off down the street. Bloom reaches the Bug and throws the door open. Penelope lies covered in safety glass, holding a Russian nesting doll.
213) 0) text: The seven progressively smaller dolls lie open on the bac seat, Bloom holds the two halves of the final tiny doll, Penelope holds a note. PENELOPE
213) 5) text: He punches the dashboard. BLOOM (cont'd) No I'll kill him. I'll kill him if that's what this is, if that's all that this is, no NO NO. PENELOPE What are you talking about? BLOOM There's another possibility that I should of, I'm a fucking idiot. This might all be a con. By my brother. To get me - oh god - he wanted me to face the Dog, to end it, and he gets your money. Oh god. I'm going to be sick. PENELOPE Would he do that? To you? BLOOM I don't know. Yes.   Yes of course he would. (MORE)
213) 8) text: To tell a story so well it becomes real. The perfect con. That's his whole, goddammit, that's what. PENELOPE
213) 10) text: Son of a bitch. PENELOPE
214) 0) text: Bloom sits in the car, alone. He punches the dashboard again, helpless enraged and scared. Penelope gets in, looks at the address on the note. PENELOPE
215) 0) text: Penelope and Bloom sit in the car, parked in front of the impressive facade of a closed, burned out old theater. The clock on the dashboard reads 1:50. BLOOM
215) 1) text: I'm so scared. Anything I can imagine finding in there, I'm scared of. PENELOPE
218) 4) text: He obeys. Stephen is tied to a chair. A dark figure behin him holds the lamp with a black gloved hand. BLOOM Stephen, who is it?   Is it the Dog? STEPHEN Did Penelope wire the money? BLOOM Yeah. STEPHEN They're calling to check right now. Don't move. I'm alright.
218) 21) text: Good. Here's what. Take Penelope back to Helsinki, take that flight to Rio. Lay low like we said. Play out the on-the-run-from- vengeful-Russians thing, that'll be fun for her. Play it like I'm dead, actually - that'll add some gravity to everything, that'll be nice. And I'll see you when I see you. BLOOM
219) 0) text: Rumbling towards Finland. In the Bug, Bloom sleeps in Penelope's arm while she driv She looks at his hand on hers, his shirt cuff bright red Stephen's "blood." She strokes his shoulder sadly. Off Bloom's sleeping face...
221) 0) text: Bloom wakes with a start. PENELOPE Hey. Hey, it's ok. The bridge is coming up, we're almost at the border. Were you dreaming about Stephen?
222) 0) text: She does. He bursts out of the car, and run/tumbles down the grassy hillside till he finds the car tracks. He follows them to the charred remains of the Peugeot. Penelope stumbles down after him. PENELOPE What is it? You're scaring me- BLOOM What did you ask the Russian kid, in the Dog's apartment? He said the Dog isn't here, then what did you ask?
222) 5) text: A scrap of unburned money.    A fragment of Ben Franklin' face. PENELOPE Since yesterday morning.
222) 6) text: A single eye gazing up at him, the green grass behind it. The eye is perfect.    No cross hatching. Bloom sinks to his knees. BLOOM This is real. They hassled you. PENELOPE Bloom- BLOOM The Dog was gone before we got there. They hadn't cleared out of their apartment, they had been cleared out.
226) 1) text: And they came after us.   And Stephen... Penelope holds him tight. PENELOPE
226) 3) text: Stephen saved my life. PENELOPE
226) 5) text: He's gone. Bloom folds into Penelope's arms, but she doesn't let him She holds his crying face up. PENELOPE