5) 2) dialog: Bloom, we've hit a one hat town.
5) 4) dialog: Sweet Jesus. Look at that.
8) 0) text: The brothers at the counter. Bloom watches the children g while Stephen counts out pennies.
8) 2) dialog: Pixie Stix.
9) 2) text: Always there. In every town. Stephen glares, flicks the Stix away like a cigarette. STEPHEN
10) 0) text: The brothers amble down a wooded path.     Bloom stops, s into the trees. Through the dense thicket of foliage... the children play And one gleaming eye framed perfectly through a small ope patch in the leaves. Bloom pushes the leaves aside. A girl. Golden curls. Summer dress. Standing in the distance on a wide lawn. Bloom gazes.    Stephen places his hand on Bloom's back.
11) 1) text: Could he simply STEPHEN (O.S.)
12) 0) text: Brothers in bed. Bloom gazes window-ward. Stephen gazes B wise, shuffling a pack of cards. BLOOM
12) 1) text: What's doing? STEPHEN
13) 0) text: STEPHEN A plan.
13) 1) text: Stephen spreads out a hand-drawn flowchart on a stump, an talks Bloom through it. NARRATOR A fiction made for profit, in which both boys played a part. A simple con in fifteen steps. STEPHEN And this is where we start.
13) 2) text: Stephen runs his finger backwards down the connected boxe each neatly numbered, stopping at #1.... "Bloom Talks To Girl"
14) 5) text: They talk.    They run.   They laugh.   They play. NARRATOR So Bloom performed his role in Stephen's story to a T.
15) 1) text: The Golden Girl smiles at him. From the shadows of an adjacent alley, Stephen watches, pleased. He slinks away.
16) 0) text: BOX #3 - "Stephen finds a cave" dissolves to Stephen scou out a cave deep in the woods.
18) 0) text: BOX #5 - "Stephen buys supplies" dissolves to: Stephen in hardware store, pointing. A flashlight, snow boots and several large coolers are purchased.
20) 0) text: BOX #8 - "Stephen scouts church" dissolves to: Stephen's eyes poke up from behind a pew in a church. He manages to look devious as he snags a SUNDAY SCHOOL SCHEDULE.
21) 0) text: Bloom enters, hears running water from the bathroom. He glimpses down at the flowchart on the bed, scanning down Box #10 - "Bloom comes home to find Stephen filling the coolers" Stephen backs out of the bathroom trolling a heavy cooler STEPHEN
21) 2) text: It's great. STEPHEN
21) 6) text: I think I need more time to win their- STEPHEN
23) 0) text: Back to Bloom and Stephen in the attic BLOOM ...with blood red eyes? STEPHEN (nods) That's good. He stopped you coming home from school...
25) 0) text: STEPHEN ...if you can keep up...
27) 0) text: STEPHEN Ah-hah. The hermit didn't say. He got this greedy glinting look, the filthy red-eyed leech... and said he'd tell for thirty bucks.
30) 0) text: In the dim light of a cave, Stephen overturns the coolers water and retreats into shadow. A flood soaks into the di floor, as outside the mouth of the cave the group of pant children come into sight. NARRATOR They stopped. Their hearts leapt. There it was.
32) 4) text: Turning a corner, he (alone) sees the rather tawdry image Stephen, flashlight in hand, shooing him back as he turns next corner. Bloom stops running. NARRATOR (cont'd) But the moment passed.
33) 1) text: The muddied children walk home, laughing, while Bloom lea against a lamppost. Stephen appears behind him, counting their money. STEPHEN It seems to me that in the end, the perfect con is where each one involved gets just the thing they wanted. BLOOM Yeah I guess so. NARRATOR Our fledgling thieves were satisfied.
34) 2) text: Stephen is smacked. The wad of money is snatched from a grubby small hand by angry big one. A telephone slams down. On a form, the field "Reason for return:" is filled with "Larceny."
36) 1) text: `O'Henry's' was the town's one dry clean shop. And striding out of the store beneath the `O'Henry's Cleaners' sign is Stephen, fifty dollars in hand, sucking Rocket Pop. The OWNER leans out of the door, looking a little nervous. Stephen throws him back a salute.
37) 0) text: Bloom sits against a wall, suitcases beside him. Boxes of Rocket Pops, and one in each fist. Stephen plops down bes him. STEPHEN
37) 3) text: And so, we'll skip ahead now in our story. Stephen tosses his Rocket Pop. STEPHEN
37) 4) text: Let `em melt. The con man team of the brothers Bloom, suitcases in hand strides down the alleyway. Stephen in front.
38) 12) text: You're a genius, Stephen. For McGuire is, of course, Stephen. STEPHEN
38) 14) text: Tastes like tin foil. STEPHEN
38) 15) text: So does real blood. Buy you a drink. Stephen escorts the Asian woman out, while Bloom wipes hi lip.
39) 0) text: A stately house in the middle of nowhere, on fire. Stephe holds the door of a car open, while Bloom steps from the flaming house. STEPHEN
41) 0) text: A low, cozy basement level bar. A dozen people crowd it, expectant in a surprise-party type way. A TURKISH GENTLEMAN in a white linen suit and eye patch raises his drink when Bloom, Stephen and the woman enter. THE TURK
42) 0) text: A DWARF dances on the bar. Stephen plays cards with the Turk, an ALBINO and a small crowd of character types. THE TURK
42) 5) text: Stephen riffle shuffles a pack of cards. STEPHEN Just think of any card.    Got one?
42) 6) text: Stephen cuts the deck randomly - 2 of spades. THE TURK No.
42) 7) text: Stephen shrugs. STEPHEN But if I do it enough, eventually it'll work on someone. And then it'll be the best card trick in the world.
42) 8) text: Wink. The dwarf slips, plummets from the bar. Stephen kic a chair across the room, into which he lands with a crunc STEPHEN (cont'd) Ante up. THE TURK It's true you never work with the same crew twice? STEPHEN That's true. THE TURK Well shit.     Except for the uh, for her? STEPHEN La Chinoise? THE TURK Yeah.
42) 16) text: So she's with you and Bloom till the end. STEPHEN
42) 17) text: Just till the wind changes. Stephen makes a gun with his finger and shoots at the Chi She flicks a champaign flute to make a `DING!' and mimes bullet bouncing off her. THE TURK
42) 21) text: I've been learning.      Stephen likes to talk about you. BLOOM
42) 26) text: I'm not going to tell it as good as Stephen. You two kicked around till your early teens, then stowed away on a merchant marine freighter and ended up in St. Petersburg, where you spent five years under the tutelage of a shadowy old swindler named the Diamond Dog. And he was your Fagin and Stephen was his Artful Dodger, but it ended suddenly and badly. BLOOM
42) 27) text: Stephen took his eye out with an antique rapier. ROSE
42) 31) text: You want to know how Stephen did it? With Charleston? ROSE
44) 1) text: That's what he does, he writes his cons the way dead Russians write novels, with thematic arcs and imbedded symbolism and shit. And he wrote me as a vulnerable anti- hero. And that's why you think you want to kiss me. It's a con. He leaves Rose lying on the table and sweeps through the towards the exit, passing Stephen.
45) 0) text: Bloom stumbles up stone steps to street level.      A THO YEAR OLD MAN sweeps up across the square. Bloom sits wearily on the curb, bowler hat in hand, shirt bright red with fake blood, face long as hell. Putting the broom aside a moment, the old man walks painf across the street to Bloom. Standing nearly toe to toe wi him, the man pulls a huge joyful smile across his grizzle face. He then smears his hand over his mug, pulling the smile o his face and rubbing it on Bloom's mouth. When he takes h hand away, Bloom plays along and has the same big joyful smile. The old man winks at him and walks back to his bro As soon as the old man is away, Bloom drops the smile. Stephen paces out into the street. STEPHEN We missed the sunrise.    That would've been nice.
46) 0) text: Berlin's Central Park and zoo, dead and brown. The brothe stroll through the woods, Stephen a few steps ahead, Bloo trailing behind, lost in thought. Camel heads poke over a wall with `Kamelhaus' painted on Stephen throws open the wall's gate. STEPHEN (to camels) Back to the swamps!
46) 5) text: Bloom stares into space. STEPHEN (cont'd) Alright, let's do this. Let's just get it done. So first you say `I'm quitting, Stephen. I'm out.' Then I say... BLOOM `Do we have to go through this again.' STEPHEN Then you make a show of putting on your jacket and say `no I mean it this time Stephen, this time I'm really out.' BLOOM Then you say `let's have a drink, and in the morning Bloom you'll have come to your senses'
46) 6) text: Stephen pulls a flask, unscrews it. STEPHEN (re: Bloom's bright red blood stain) That's a major design flaw in fake blood, by the way. BLOOM `and we'll be moving on.' STEPHEN Real blood turns brown after a half hour. BLOOM Listen to me, Stephen. STEPHEN This scotch costs more than your suit.
46) 9) text: Listen to me. STEPHEN
46) 11) text: Listen. Bloom bats the flask away. A camel catches it, tips its camel neck back and gulps it down. STEPHEN
46) 13) text: I hate you. I hate this life, I hate it, I hate that you won't fucking listen to me for one goddamn second. Just listen. Stephen listens. BLOOM (cont'd)
46) 14) text: I can't wake up next to another stranger, who thinks they know me, or even wants to know me, cause I don't know - who - I'm thirty five years old, and I, I'm useless, I'm crippled, I don't, I've only ever lived life through these roles that aren't me, that are written for me by you. STEPHEN
46) 16) text: Why? So you can write me a role in a story where I get it? You're not listening to me. I want a real... thing, I wanna do things how I don't know are gonna work out, a, I, want, a... STEPHEN (sotto)
46) 22) text: Bloom tosses Stephen the bowler, and storms off.    He ge about ten feet, then hesitates. BLOOM (cont'd) I love you. Bye.
46) 23) text: Then goes. The camel nudges Stephen's jacket, looking for more scotc Stephen puts the bowler on its camel head. STEPHEN Sorry bud.     I'm dry.
46) 24) text: Stephen watches his brother walk off into the rising morn mist, lost in thought. His hands mechanically begin shuffling the pack of cards.
49) 0) text: Stephen steps in cautiously, surveys the apartment. A goddamn mess. Empty bottles and glasses, very little light. Stephen opens the curtains, light streams in the window. A groan of displeasure comes from the gloom. Bloom stirs, passed out in a hammock. Unkept beard, a few extra pounds. Crushed cigar hanging on his lip. A rotund GRANDMOTHER waddles in, cleaning up bottles and berating Bloom in a constant stream of angry Italian. STEPHEN
49) 2) text: Why are you here, Stephen? STEPHEN
50) 0) text: Stephen guides a dressed Bloom out the door. The grandmot follows them, still barking angry Italian at Bloom. At th last moment she says a few kind words, kisses him on the cheek and sends them off.
51) 0) text: A few tables on a stone walkway overlooking the countrysi The red car parked nearby. Stephen eats, Bloom stares. BLOOM
51) 4) text: Stephen's eyes:       "Are you joking?" STEPHEN How've you been? BLOOM Great. STEPHEN I've done a lot of thinking the past three months. You don't want out. You think you do but you don't. Here, c'mere. I want to show you something. BLOOM I'm quits, Stephen.
51) 5) text: Stephen stands, strolls off.        Bloom wearily follows BLOOM (cont'd) Where are we going? STEPHEN New Jersey. BLOOM (sighs) Well lemme get my jacket.
53) 4) text: The Chink writes a number in the snow with a stick. Just when we think she's done, she adds several more zeros. BLOOM (cont'd) Jesus. STEPHEN Look out.
53) 5) text: Stephen pulls Bloom into the trees as a cherry red Lamborghini roars down the private road, does an unruly d and crunches painfully into a tree, kicking up a cloud of dust and smoke. Thumping bass from the audio system turns off, and from t dust cloud emerges PENELOPE, early 30s, beautiful but in non-Lamborghini way. Bloom watches her through the trees, none too happy.
54) 0) text: Off to the side of the house. They lean on the hood of th rental car, an old school Cadillac. In the background, a tow truck arrives with a brand new Lamborghini, and leaves towing the old one. BLOOM What am I doing here, Stephen? I have one rule, and you've never even tested it.
54) 4) text: Stephen nods to the Chink.       Bloom nods appreciativel BLOOM (cont'd) Controversial choice. So no, is what I'm saying. I'm quits anyway. I'll be in Italy. Drinking.
54) 5) text: The front door of the mansion slams, and they watch Penel drag a harp around into the back yard. STEPHEN Penelope Stamp. Thirty three. Lived at home her whole life.
54) 7) text: The Chink silently hands Bloom a retractable spyglass, he watches Penelope drift atop a hill and sit on a stump. STEPHEN She's bored, a seed in the snow. We're going to put her through a grand adventure, bring her to life. BLOOM So this is the big plan. Lure me back into things with some beautiful intriguing elusive girl, stir up old memories with the prospect of redemption and rebirth. Seriously Stephen. Amateur night.
54) 11) text: I'm not saying yes. But what's the con? Stephen spreads a folded piece of paper on a tree stump, a flowchart on it. Numbered boxes. Bloom doesn't take his spyglass off Penelope. STEPHEN
55) 0) text: Very late. Bloom and Stephen in armchairs, collars loosen drinks drunk. The Chink's Chuck Taylors stick up over the back of a chair. Bloom holds the con flowchart. STEPHEN
55) 2) text: You've got something up your sleeve. This is about me, right? Somehow. STEPHEN
55) 6) text: Stephen answers by letting an ace fall from his sleeve. BLOOM (cont'd) This will be the last one.    You'll let me go.
55) 7) text: The Chink's inert sneakers come to life and she's on her feet, silently going to Stephen's side. STEPHEN I will never approach you to do another con again. (to the Chink) Let's make it a red Schwinn.
56) 0) text: A grumpy Bloom perched on the red Schwinn, an ill fitting Styrofoam helmet on his head. Stephen sits in a lawn chair watching the highway below. The Chink sets up a lawn umbrella, a chair for herself, a cooler with Coronas. BLOOM There are less painful ways to cut into a mark. STEPHEN Wahk wahk wahk wahk wahk wahk wahk. Score to beat is 7.9. Keep your head in the game, the Chinese judge is tough. BLOOM This is a banana seat, man!
57) 1) text: Several things happen at once. Bloom hits the pavement shoulder-first, hard.      The be follows suit. Up on the hill, Stephen and the Chink raise score cards. and 5.6. The Lamborghini screeches to a stop. Everything is still. Then the car jolts forward. Then stops. Then again, jolts and stops. Rolls forward a few feet, lazily drifting, the jolts and stops. Bloom painfully stands, as confused by the car's behavior us.
59) 0) text: Bloom consults with Stephen and the Chink, both in scrubs STEPHEN The Chink had it - I'm telling him, I know, thank you - in her report, I missed it. This is actually kind of great, I'll tell you why.
59) 1) text: The Chink lights a cigarette. BLOOM You missed it? STEPHEN Dostoevsky was an epileptic. BLOOM I know. STEPHEN His seizures were preceded by an enlightened euphoria, a sort of opening of his spiritual eye. (MORE)
63) 0) text: Bloom and Penelope sit in a luxurious stone-based kitchen neither touching their coffee. Bloom talks. This is how Penelope listens: she starts with her eyes on Bloom, then very quickly drifts away into her own thought then recognizes she's doing it and makes eye contact agai and gives an overbaked "oh yes go on" smile/nod, then doe all again. Three or four times. BLOOM ...didn't really have anyone except each other growing up, and our father was in the antique business, he had a shop in Charleston. So we stuck together, my brother Stephen and me, we and just took over the shop when dad died. Then we realized one day, we saw the dealers who were finding and selling us the antiques coming from exotic countries all over the world, and there was a, almost a scent they had, when they'd come in the dusty shop we worked nine to five in since we were nineteen, the air would, like before a rain, the ions would line up, and you could just smell midnight trains to Paris and steamer ships and Calcutta bazaars, and we made the decision, we just did it, that we want to have that sort of life. So we did, and we've been travelling and treasure hunting the world ever since, and could you, I'm sorry, stop doing - that, you're, I'm, ok. Alright, look. PENELOPE I'm really bad at talking to people.
66) 0) text: A jaunty steamer ship docked and ready. Bloom watches the access road, Stephen makes notes, the Chink whittles. BLOOM I need another day with her. STEPHEN You'll have two weeks on the boat. BLOOM I need another day to get her on the boat, she isn't hooked. That bit I skipped where we were talking in the backyard, it was ten minutes on the optics of lensless photography, we didn't really talk.
69) 0) text: The Chink and Stephen play shuffleboard.     Bloom leads Penelope to them. BLOOM Penelope, this is my brother Stephen. STEPHEN Pleased to make your acquaintance. Bloom's told me about you, you're the epileptic photographer? PENELOPE Sort of. STEPHEN This is my personal secretary and masseuse, Mrs. Yuengling.
69) 3) text: The Chink hits a damn near impossible shuffleboard shot, gives Stephen a pointed deferential giggle-bow.
70) 0) text: The brothers dress for dinner. BLOOM You named the Chink `Yuengling?' STEPHEN I was writing in a bar. And she doesn't drink, how does she know a Philly beer? BLOOM She knows a lot of stuff. (beat) Was that who I thought it was on the East deck this morning? STEPHEN Yes it was. Did he spot you?
77) 2) text: Good. They smile when they see Stephen and the Chink at a table Their smiles drop when they see the Curator sitting with them. Bloom glares at the Curator, but speaks to Stephen. BLOOM (cont'd)
77) 3) text: What's he doing here? STEPHEN
77) 17) text: Sorry, no, cause I noticed but I couldn't place it, this ship is the Fidele, which was the ship in Melville's novel "The Confidence Man." So that's weird. Everyone glances at Stephen, a little uncomfortable. STEPHEN
78) 0) text: Bloom paces, Stephen shuffles cards. BLOOM
78) 1) text: I know you like to throw those clever little details in, but you've gotta watch that shit with her Stephen. She had a lot of time alone in that house, and she used it. She did the best Double Dutch Queens I've ever seen up on the deck last night. STEPHEN
78) 3) text: She had them in her purse and cut them in while I was folding my napkin. STEPHEN
78) 5) text: That's what I'm saying. She's different, she knows, sometimes it feels like she knows everything. Doesn't that worry you? STEPHEN
78) 10) text: Stephen stands to go, then pauses. STEPHEN (CONT'D) (cont'd) I've always protected you, right? The only real danger in this whole play is that you'll actually fall in love with her. Look at me. Don't fall in love with her.
79) 0) text: The Chink sits smoking her whittled pipe, watching Bloom alone on the deck. Stephen passes her, and she stops him with a look. STEPHEN Shut up.   I know what I'm doing.
79) 1) text: She hands him a thin piece of paper.       He looks it ov STEPHEN (cont'd) This came through just now?
79) 2) text: The paper is a telegram with the Fidele's imprint, receiv from St. Petersburg. Stephen reads it.
79) 6) text: He crumples the paper, looks down at Bloom. STEPHEN (cont'd) Wire him back for me. "Dear Dog STOP Unless you've lately felt an excess of eyes left in your head kindly stay the fuck away from me and my brother STOP Regards," etcetera.
81) 0) text: Bloom and Penelope lie on the deck, watching dolphins. She says this word like she's eating chocolate: PENELOPE Smugglers. It's like an adventure story. Whose idea was it to go straight? BLOOM Mine. Stephen always loved the life. Then he was almost killed on a run to Jakarta, two thugs with heads like canned hams worked him beyond all reason.
82) 0) text: Stephen is set upon by two thugs.    He rushes them. STEPHEN Have at thee, you ham headed bastards!
83) 3) text: For me. Stephen enjoyed it. He loved the idea that we were internationally infamous art smugglers, but I think deep down, same as me, he felt like we were putting on a persona, faking it. PENELOPE
89) 0) text: BLOOM That's what he does. STEPHEN Wonder who's his fence? BLOOM Probably his Spanish guy, right? (asks Penelope) Did he say who's buying? PENELOPE An Argentinian. Argentine? Argentinian?
91) 0) text: PENELOPE He'll sell it to a middleman for one million, US. The Argentin...a guy will pay two point five. STEPHEN Not bad. PENELOPE Is he legit?
93) 0) text: Stephen reclines, hat on his face.    Bloom paces. STEPHEN
93) 2) text: She's making a flag for our "smugglers gang," man. She made me learn a secret smugglers handshake. Unhealthy. This afternoon, when she was writing, in the observation car? A letter? A journal? No. She is getting way too into this. Bloom fishes a crumpled piece of paper from his pocket an thrusts it in front of Stephen's face. On it are written dozens of variations in stylized fonts "Penelope the smuggler." BLOOM (cont'd)
93) 3) text: She's been singing the Smuggler Song since Athens. STEPHEN
93) 8) text: Exit Bloom.    Stephen sighs and drops his hat back on hi face.
99) 4) dialog: Pale skin.     Long feet.   So.
100) 0) text: STEPHEN (V.O.) Bloom and I will secure us lodging,
101) 0) text: STEPHEN (V.O.) Mrs. Yeungling will scout the castle museum.
102) 0) text: STEPHEN You will go to the bank, that wire should have cleared if you put it in at Athens.
103) 0) text: STEPHEN (V.O.) Only movie thugs and Russians deal in suitcases of cash. Draw a certified check.
104) 0) text: A baroque spiral staircase, the spine of a high apartment building. Our intrepid four ring the bell beside an apartment door. THE CURATOR (FROM INSIDE) Who the hell is that?! Who is it?! STEPHEN Candy-Gram. It's us, Max.
104) 1) text: Stephen pushes open the door, and an instant later a SHOT BLAST takes out a chunk of the landing beside his head. They all dive onto the floor, piling on top of each other THE CURATOR (FROM INSIDE) Who the hell are you, what do you want, who the hell!!!!??
104) 2) dialog: Max! Max! It's us, Bloom,         Max! Max! It's Stephen Stephen, Jesus, Max, easy,        Bloom, easy, whoa, Chri whoa!                             whoa now! The Curator stands in the smoky apartment hallway, sloppi draped in a ratty bathrobe, bottle in one hand and shotgu the other. He squints at them. THE CURATOR (cont'd) Ah. Good morning. Come in. I have been drinking.
106) 1) text: Stephen and the Chink poke their heads in, leaving.   The Curator strolls in. STEPHEN We'll see you back at the hotel. (glances at the Curator) Soon.
109) 0) text: Stephen, up in the window watching them approach.   He re into the room.
111) 5) text: If I call Stephen down he'll kill you.
111) 15) text: But love, you know. We know, folks like us, you can always blink and realize that it's a fiction, and like Peter walking on water or Wiley Coyote running off a cliff, if you look down in doubt you'll fall. That's the price of our lives, the wax in our wings. One day Stephen's going to fall. It may be glorious, but he's going to fall hard and he won't be there to tell you what to do and protect you. When he's gone, remember me. The Dog has moved in very close to Bloom, his breath hot his face, and his hand comes to rest fully on Bloom's leg Bloom's hand with the pencil quivers, about to strike- When Bloom is pulled from the bar stool by a heavy hand. Stephen, his eyes burning through the Dog. DIAMOND DOG (cont'd)
111) 16) text: Hello Stephen. Stephen smashes a bottle from the bar and slashes it acro the Dog's hand. Waiters and porters tackle him, the Dog howls, holding hi bleeding hand. Bloom stands numb, and puts the pencil in pocket.
113) 0) text: Right in front of the hotel, on the water. Bloom sips cof from a china cup, spinning a paper in his hands. Stephen joins him, with a matching cup. STEPHEN
113) 2) text: You can't always be there. STEPHEN
113) 4) text: That was a real tonal shift.    The Curator's tale. On one side of the paper is the sketch of Penelope, on th other is the con flowchart. "#12 - The Curator's Tale." "#14 - Castle Break-In." STEPHEN
113) 6) text: He made it up on the spot? STEPHEN
117) 0) text: Our four at the Curator's door. Bloom knocks, and they al step judiciously back. No response. STEPHEN
118) 5) text: Bloom quickly closes it. STEPHEN I don't get it. If he was hightailing it he could have waited eight hours till we traded the million for the book, and had some traveling money. Well. Back to antiquing. Nothing gained, nothing lost. (to Penelope) And you got to see Prague, which is nice.
118) 7) text: But Stephen raises a hand to shut him up. STEPHEN Oh?
119) 3) text: The Chink hands Stephen a piece of paper.       He glance STEPHEN The check was cashed yesterday afternoon, he'd have deposited it in a Swiss account. I'm sorry Pen. PENELOPE What a waste.
120) 0) text: Bloom paces, Penelope looks up at the castle with binocul The Chink and Stephen stand by. BLOOM No. No no. Can't you see what happened here, there is no book, we've been swindled - PENELOPE But maybe there is, maybe it's real, we don't know! BLOOM It's not real, it's a con. PENELOPE It's my money, I'm going to find out for sure. He gave us every piece of information we need.
121) 0) text: A Barbie Doll set up in the middle of the field explodes theatrical plume of fire. Several others follow suit. The Chink pops up from behind a mound of dirt in her avia goggles, cigarette dangling from her lip. She leans on a detonator plunger. Bloom, Stephen and Penelope crouch nearby, watching her w STEPHEN She's an artist with nitroglycerin. It's kind of her thing. PENELOPE I feel like I want to know more about her.
121) 1) dialog: Yeah.                             Yeah. STEPHEN Check the tat.
122) 0) text: The Chink lies on the floor with Penelope, showing her ho build a tiny remotely detonated bomb. She slices a tiny b off a brick of dynamite, sets it in a petri dish with a detonator, and puts the whole thing in a handbag. Penelope appreciates her. Bloom and Stephen hunker over the castle floorplan. STEPHEN There's a smoke detector in these empty rooms in the east tower. So we plant and set off a tiny - (to the Chink) TINY tiny, tiny charge.
122) 1) text: The Chink clicks a seemingly innocent ballpoint pen. With BEEP, a tiny poof of fire plumes from the handbag setting on fire, and the smoke rises to the ceiling. STEPHEN (cont'd) Fire drill ensues, offices empty, and you'll have exactly four and a half minutes to get through the access hatch, into the catacombs, get the book and get out before the fire department arrives.
122) 2) text: Penelope and the Chink do their elaborate handshake, and gives Stephen and Bloom a finger snap thumbs up.
127) 0) text: He opens the door for Stephen, who regards him narrowly. STEPHEN Ready?
132) 0) text: Stephen, Bloom and Penelope are joined by the Chink. STEPHEN Ok.
132) 3) text: The Chink finds a way to casually smell Bloom's fingers. STEPHEN Because going in alone is a very important thing to do. She's walking into a zero security tourism office during a fire drill and taking a five hundred dollar manuscript replica from a utility crawlspace. Worst case scenario, a file clerk asks if she's lost. Which isn't even going to happen. (to the Chink) She's in position.
134) 1) text: Bloom grabs the binoculars from Stephen, looks for Penelo
145) 0) text: A full view of the castle reveals just about the worst ca scenario. The entire area swarms with army helicopters an tanks, soldiers with rifles, yellow tape, news crews. Stephen, Bloom and the Chink sit behind the police line o the bridge with the rest of the crowds. Heads in their hands.
152) 0) text: The hubbub has died down considerably, soldiers march awa from the castle in formation. Bloom Stephen and the Chink sit watching for some sign. Three police cars, sirens blazing, drive down the length the bridge. BLOOM The Chief of Police.
152) 2) text: She blushes and smiles, then does an unhurried victory st back to Bloom, Stephen and the Chink.
153) 0) text: Bloom and Stephen sit among empty wine glasses. The Chink approaches, gives Stephen a hand gesture. STEPHEN Let her sleep. Train doesn't leave till eight. BLOOM That was real. STEPHEN Yeah, I know. BLOOM Fuckin scary.
155) 0) text: Stephen bails Bloom out. STEPHEN An apple? BLOOM Yeah, but it was part of an epiphany.
157) 0) text: Stephen pokes his head into Penelope's car, says goodnigh As soon as he's gone, a foot dangles down outside the win and taps it. Penelope pulls it open, Bloom shimmies in wi two mini bottles of gin. He kisses her.
160) 0) text: Our intrepid four sit around a small table (except for th Chink, who lies on a deck chair in a bikini and Chuck Taylors, sunning herself.) STEPHEN Oh-kay. We're rendezvousing with Senor Rioso's guys here, on an isolated beach just south of the Mexican port town Tampico. A simple handoff. Penelope and Yeungling will stay with the car, Bloom and I will do the handing. PENELOPE You guys seem a little tense. STEPHEN Well I'm not thrilled they set this in Mexico. There could be legitimate reasons, but Mexico's - and I don't want to simplistically vilify an entire country, but Mexico's a horrible place. So we'll be careful.
163) 0) text: Stephen packs for tomorrow, Bloom stares out the black window, drinking. Flower in his lapel. Stephen picks up the con flowchart. STEPHEN The last box in our last con. Let them begin the beguine. How's it feel? BLOOM She's something special, Stephen. STEPHEN Uh huh. BLOOM Can I...
163) 5) text: Stephen comes very close to Bloom's face, looks him strai in the eye. Finds his answer. STEPHEN I don't believe you.
167) 0) text: The waves break angrily on the beach. In the distance, Stephen finishes his drink on the beach house porch, goes inside and turns out the light.
168) 0) text: BLOOM No, we were going to blow you off tomorrow using the cackle bladder, it's a, term, we have actors playing the Argentina guy's men, when we showed up the deal would go bad, they would open fire on us, Stephen and I would pretend to be shot using blood packets, squibs. That's - cackle bladder, in the old days they put fake blood in chicken bladders, so... So you'd escape with the Chink, she'd send you off with a little travelling money and that would be that. PENELOPE Wow. BLOOM But that's not how this one's going to end. I love you now, and I want to get you out of this. I'm going to do what I have to do to get you out of this, away from all this for good. Are you ready?
169) 1) text: Stephen's gone into town to prep the Argentina actors. Your money's at his place. PENELOPE
170) 0) text: Dark. Bloom leads Penelope in, stumbles in the dark, switches on a lamp. Click, click - it doesn't come on. STEPHEN (O.S.)
170) 1) text: You have to switch it on at the base. A beat.   Bloom does. Stephen sits in an easy chair, not looking happy.     But angry. Much more sad than angry. BLOOM
170) 2) text: So I've told her our whole play. And I'm here. To take her money back. How's that make you feel? STEPHEN
170) 4) text: This isn't the ending you wanted? STEPHEN
170) 10) text: Stephen stands. STEPHEN I'm sorry you fell in love with her. But she's a mark. And all of this, all of it is a con. Every moment you shared with her, you were just playing the part of a man falling in love. That's what you're afraid of, right? That you don't know the difference? Or maybe that there is no difference. That that's what love is. PENELOPE We're leaving. STEPHEN (to Bloom) No. You're too scared to leave. You're scared to ride off into a sunset that isn't painted tarpaulin, cause real sunsets are beautiful but they turn into dark uncertain nights. If you were ready for that, you wouldn't be here. The money is in my bedroom. Right behind me. But in my story you don't get the money or the sunset or the girl.
171) 0) text: A wood patio with steps leading down to the sand.   Bloom watches Penelope, now very distant, almost gone. Stephen comes out, pulls out a flask. STEPHEN
171) 4) text: Did you expect me to do it? To come here tonight, end it the way you wrote it? Or were you really disappointed I didn't run off with her? STEPHEN
171) 5) text: I was disappointed.    But I wasn't surprised. Bloom turns and SLUGS him in the jaw.   Stephen falls to sand. BLOOM
176) 0) text: They sit with wine and bread. BLOOM Why are you here, Penelope? PENELOPE Why did you decide to stay with your brother instead of coming with me in Mexico? BLOOM Everything Stephen said that night was true.
176) 3) text: She takes a piece of paper from her pocket, unfolds it an slides it across the table to him. On it, written over and over in a dozen different stylize fonts, is "PENELOPE THE CON ARTIST." Bloom sets the paper down with a snap. BLOOM Go away. Everything Stephen said was true. I was just playing you as a mark. Everything between us, none of it was real.
178) 0) text: Lush, Edwardian. In a private room, a card table is overturned. Stephen lies on the ground in a defensive posture, a RAVISHING WOMAN in red lunging at him with a curved dagger. A BEARDED MAN with an eyepatch holds her b by the wrists, while a MONOCLED MAN in an antique wheelch holds his tear stained face in his hands. This whole scene is frozen like a tableau, as Stephen's c phone chirps away. Annoyed, the Bearded Man gives him a `go ahead' nod. Stephen hastily answers it.
179) 0) text: BLOOM How quickly can you get to Ferentino? STEPHEN (ON PHONE) Uh... Nine-ish?
181) 0) text: Stephen and Bloom sit on the little landing outside the apartment. STEPHEN So she comes back wanting to work with us. Honestly? I think we'd be lucky to have her. If you called me to hear my opinion on the matter. Which I'm getting the feeling you didn't. BLOOM I did what I did in Mexico to get her out of all this. I would rather die than bring her into the con. STEPHEN So maybe you want to tell me what I'm doing in Ferentino.
182) 0) text: Penelope sleeps on a cot against the window. Bloom enters wearily.    Sits in a chair.   Watches her. In the next room over, Stephen sits in the dark.    Shuff cards. A lovely tune sung in Mandarin Chinese plays over this, segueing us into...
183) 0) text: On a television screen, images of the Shanghai skyline. TITLE CARD - Shanghai A wall of monitors, which the Chink steps in front of, singing the climax of the song. Beautiful and sad. As the song ends, she sees through the spotlight Penelope Bloom and Stephen at a table. Penelope waves.
184) 0) text: The four sit with drinks. PENELOPE So what's the next job? STEPHEN Before we do the next job, we need to liquidate our assets from the last job. PENELOPE But you've got- STEPHEN Your money from the last job, well that's profit, not capital, the three of us have already split it up. So step one: sell the book of hours. PENELOPE I thought it was fake. STEPHEN With all your random expertise we couldn't risk a flat out fake. It isn't worth two point five million, we could maybe catch four hundred grand for it, but it's real. Who'd we buy it from? BLOOM Minskie. STEPHEN Perfect, we'll sell it right back to him.
184) 1) text: The Chink hands him a piece of paper. STEPHEN (cont'd) If he wasn't dead. BLOOM Well there's Demarco or Boyer. Or Roche, if we want to go state-side.
185) 1) text: Bloom, Stephen and the Chink drink in a cramped little concrete room adjacent to the bar's kitchen. STEPHEN We're obviously not going to deal with real Russians. They'll be our guys in a phony set up, they'll take our phony book and give her phony cash, a closed loop. Safe and simple.
185) 2) text: Bloom looks to the Chink for an opinion.      Gets a blan STEPHEN (cont'd) So.   We go to St. Petersburg.
185) 3) text: At the mention of St. Petersburg Bloom looks sharply at Stephen, but Stephen presses on. STEPHEN (cont'd) She does the hand-off with our fake "Russians." But while we're driving out of town, everything goes bad.
185) 8) text: He points to the second box, "Red Dawn." STEPHEN (cont'd) First they ambush our car, destroying the money. Then they take me out, then the Chink, and finally you Bloom, in a heroic death that allows Penelope to barely escape with her life. Devastated but reborn with the knowledge that you loved her so much you died so she could live, she drives off into a romantic life of adventure and peril, on the run from imaginary Russians.
185) 9) text: He points to the third box, "The End." STEPHEN (cont'd) What do you think?
187) 0) text: Penelope snores on the bed, while our intrepid three unpa The phone rings.    Stephen answers it, listens, hangs up STEPHEN Our "Russians" have arrived.
188) 0) text: Stephen, Bloom and the Chink ride down to the lobby with red suitcase.
190) 0) text: BLOOM I don't understand. Tell me so I understand. Three months ago you were ready to blind the old bastard- STEPHEN We need someone who can pass for the Russian mob to buy our fake book. The Dog's got his big store right here in St. Petersburg. BLOOM Alright, fuckin stop. You want this to finish in St. Petersburg, you want this to end with the Dog for some what thematic something? Fine but don't tell it like a story, let's say it. Twenty three years ago and I can still smell, that blood red apartment of his, the smell of that place. I hate him Stephen but this isn't that, this is I don't trust him.
191) 0) text: The red leather suitcase on the bar. DIAMOND DOG Stephen, still the grand architect with your symbols. Red for temptation, white for salvation.
191) 2) text: Sure enough - obvious jagged misprints cut into Ben Franklin's eye on the bills. DIAMOND DOG Hm.  I'll be damned. (closes case) Ruskies wouldn't be caught dead handing over a rag bag like this, it should be a steel attache. STEPHEN This'll   do. We'll do the drop off at your   store. Make it scary, think a   movie version of the Russian   mafia, but don't hassle her. DIAMOND DOG Alright.
192) 0) text: The Chink leads Stephen and Bloom around the brown Peugeo STEPHEN So. Our fake Russian attack. One small charge will simulate a bullet hit, and blow out the back window.
192) 1) text: The Chink points with an extendable pointer to a small nu the rear windshield. STEPHEN (cont'd) So that one bang, then we roll off the road. Once we get clear of the car the Chink sets off the final charge, incinerating the car and the money in the trunk. This'll all happen exactly twenty seconds after we cross the main bridge out of town. After the bridge.
192) 2) text: Stephen makes a note in a manila envelope, tucks it in hi jacket. BLOOM Ok.
196) 0) text: Bloom, Stephen and the Chink parked in an alley, watching doorway across the street with a pair of binoculars. Bloom breathes uneasily, checks his watch. BLOOM
197) 1) text: He hassled me. Took forever looking the book over, haggled the price. Wanted to pay me in Rubles. Stephen smirks, then opens it.    The money's there. STEPHEN
199) 0) text: The Chink drives, Stephen rides shotgun. Bloom and Penelope in the back seat.    He looks weary. He sees the bridge approaching, maybe a half mile ahead. She pulls his head down into her lap, fingers in his hair He breathes, closes his eyes. An explosion shatters the front passenger window. Bloom's eyes snap open, he bolts upright. The bridge is still a quarter mile away. In the next moment the car becomes a din of breaking glas screams, tires screeching.
203) 0) text: Bloom wakes. Rain splattering.       Slumped against a tr Penelope hunches over him. BLOOM What happened? PENELOPE Are you alright? BLOOM What happened? PENELOPE Yeungling went to get another car. BLOOM Where's Stephen? PENELOPE We don't know. He was gone.
203) 1) text: Bloom stands shakily, goes to the charred car.      Runs fingers over the dozens of bullet holes. Goes to where Stephen fell.       Lying in the grass, a m envelope. PENELOPE (cont'd) We're going to find him. If he escaped, he'll contact us. If they've got him, it's for ransom.
204) 0) text: A desolate gas station parking lot. Bloom sits in the Bug loading his revolver with shaky fingers. Penelope stands outside. BLOOM Stephen, god please what's happening. I don't know what to do. I don't know Stephen please. Please. What's happening. Please.
213) 1) text: It's a ransom note. It says they have Stephen, it says they want the money wired to a specific account, they give a bank to do it at and a manager to ask for. (MORE)
216) 1) text: Stephen!
217) 1) text: Stephen! A spotlight snaps on from the mezzanine, right in Bloom's face. He spins, trapped in its glare. A guttural command is shouted in what might be Russian. When Bloom doesn't respond, the spot silently advances a feet ahead of him towards the stage. Bloom gingerly follows it, up onto the splintered stage a finally resting on a split in the tarpaulin backdrop. With a wary glance back, Bloom steps through it.
218) 1) text: Stephen. Game's up. Come on out. Let's blow this one hat town. Silence. Then a harsh utility lamp snaps on, cruelly lighting Stephen's face. Shockingly bruised and battered, old and new blood. Bloom cries and rushes towards him...
218) 4) text: He obeys. Stephen is tied to a chair. A dark figure behin him holds the lamp with a black gloved hand. BLOOM Stephen, who is it?   Is it the Dog? STEPHEN Did Penelope wire the money? BLOOM Yeah. STEPHEN They're calling to check right now. Don't move. I'm alright.
218) 5) text: The dark figure's cell phone rings, he holds it to his ea for a moment then flips it closed. Something happens in the blackness, and Stephen shakily stands, cut loose. STEPHEN (cont'd) Stay where you are, Bloom. I'm coming to you.
218) 6) text: He takes a couple wobbly steps. Behind him, Bloom sees the dark figure raising his gun towards Stephen's back, pulling the hammer... And the utility lamp switches off. BLOOM No!
218) 7) text: Bloom's revolver pops out of his sleeve and he's firing i the blackness. Stephen drops flat to the ground. The fiery rapport of a big pistol flashes from the blackn strobing the scene like stage lightning. Bloom reloads behind the cover of a heavy flat, but Steph lies on his stomach out in the open. BLOOM (cont'd) Stephen!
218) 10) text: Stay back! But Bloom makes a dash for his brother, out into the open unloading three more rounds into the dark. The dark figure returns fire on Bloom, who is sprinting f on his feet in a large pool of light. A sitting duck. Stephen launches himself up, tackling Bloom backwards. Just before they fall behind the safety of the flat, a re burst of blood flowers from Stephen's left lower back. Bloom sets him down gently, and hears heavy footsteps beh him. He turns, firing, but only sees a blur of dark coat go by through the torn backdrop. Bloom runs out on stage, tearing the tarpaulin, and fires after the dark figure limping up the aisle and away into lobby. Silence. Bloom walks back to Stephen, who lies behind the flat, breathing heavy. Blood soaking through his shirt. BLOOM
218) 11) text: Please tell me this is all gonna be ok. Tell me that's a squib, and that's makeup, and that you just gave me what I always wanted and pulled off the perfect con. A long, long moment. Stephen coughs, spits.     Then a wry grin spreads across face. STEPHEN
218) 12) text: You said it, not me. He stands, the shakiness gone. STEPHEN (cont'd)
218) 18) text: Yeah.   Clean exit. STEPHEN
218) 20) text: Car bomb. A hint of relief in Stephen's face. STEPHEN
218) 22) text: Soon? STEPHEN
218) 24) text: I love you. Bye. He turns to go. STEPHEN
218) 28) text: Alright. Stephen cuts, to the Queen of hearts. BLOOM (cont'd)
218) 29) text: Stephen. That's it. (grins)
218) 30) text: That's the best card trick I've ever seen. I just wish you had a bigger audience. STEPHEN
218) 31) text: You're the only audience I've ever needed. Wink.   Bloom leaves. Stephen watches him go.
219) 0) text: Rumbling towards Finland. In the Bug, Bloom sleeps in Penelope's arm while she driv She looks at his hand on hers, his shirt cuff bright red Stephen's "blood." She strokes his shoulder sadly. Off Bloom's sleeping face...
220) 0) text: Stephen pulls a chair out onto the stage, sets it right i the spotlight's glare. Trembling as if it takes all his last strength in the wor Sits.   Looks at the Queen of Hearts, moves his fingers o it. Then slides is up his sleeve. Blood trickles down his hand.
221) 0) text: Bloom wakes with a start. PENELOPE Hey. Hey, it's ok. The bridge is coming up, we're almost at the border. Were you dreaming about Stephen?
221) 1) text: She strokes his hair back from his face. He nods, and looks down at his sleeve. Stephen's "blood" on his white cuff. Now a dark shade of brown. Bloom looks at this shirt.      All the blood, it's all b He looks up at the road, nearly panicked. Maybe a quarter mile ahead is the bridge. BLOOM Pull over.     Pull over!!
225) 0) text: The scene beside the lake, our four heroes checking the m in the attache case. STEPHEN
226) 1) text: And they came after us.   And Stephen... Penelope holds him tight. PENELOPE
226) 3) text: Stephen saved my life. PENELOPE
226) 6) text: And he did it so you could live. Your brother loved you. He loved you so much. Look at me. Stephen said something once, I got the feeling he'd rather be telling it to you. He said there's no such thing as an unwritten life. Just badly written ones. I love you. (MORE)
226) 9) text: She holds his face close to hers for a long beat. Then smiles and pushes away, launching up the grassy hill. Bloom watches her. Time slows as she turns back towards him, still running, holds out her hand for him to follow. BLOOM (V.O.) I was thinking of something Stephen said too. "The perfect con is one where everyone involved gets just the thing they wanted." Well.