0) 3) text: Cathy, come back!  You can look for shells right here! Cathy gestures, pretending she can't hear.
0) 9) dialog: Please be quiet, please be quiet please be quiet... Rounding a curve in the beach, her parents disappear from behind her.  A RUSTLING sound draws her attention, and sh turns, toward where the thick jungle foliage gives way to sand. A large bush, maybe twelve feet tall, is moving, its bran swaying and shaking.  Curious, Cathy walks up to the bush which abruptly stops moving. A small, lizard-like animal, dark green with brown stripe along its back, steps out from the bush.  Only about a fo tall, it stands on its hind legs, balancing on its thick It walks upright, bobbing its head like a chicken.
0) 10) dialog: Well, hello there! The animal (a COMPSOGNATHUS) just stares at her.  Cathy s down on her haunches. CATHY (cont'd)
0) 11) text: What are you?  A little bird or something? She opens her hand.  She's got a handful of goldfish crac CATHY (cont'd)
0) 12) text: Are you hungry?  You want a goldfish? The compy bobs forward a few steps, cautiously. CATHY (cont'd)
0) 13) text: Come on.  I won't hurt you. The compy draws closer.  Cathy holds the cracker in the p of her hand.  The compy gets closer still -- -- and hops numbly up onto Cathy's palm.  Her arm dips a under the weight, but it's not that heavy, and she holds easily.  It bobs its head, scarfs up the goldfish, and ea it. Enchanted, Cathy breaks into an enormous grin and returns hand, calling back over her shoulder. CATHY (cont'd)
0) 14) text: Mom!  Dad!  You gotta come see this! I found something! She turns back. Thirty more compys have come out onto the sand.  They're standing there, bobbing anxiously, staring at her from a feet away.  Cathy's smile fades. She turns her head slowly to the right.  TWENTY MORE COMP have come in from that side, forming a semi-circle, bobbi and CHIPPING as they surround her. CATHY (cont'd) (terrified)
0) 17) text: Cathy, sweetheart!  Lunch is ready! From around the curve of the beach, a flock of birds bolt from the jungle trees as Cathy's shrill SCREAMS suddenly pierce the air. MRS. BOWMAN
61) 0) text: Only a few feet off the path, it's primary forest, the gr so thick that almost all sunlight is obscured.  DIETER cl forward until he finds a suitable spot to relieve himself He clears away a bunch of leaves and debris and raises hi hand to his belt buckle.  He freezes, hearing something w didn't.  He glances around, head darting, alert to any da Nothing there.  Just a few distant ANIMAL CALLS-- -- and s SCURRYING around to his left. Dieter snaps his head in that direction.  At first, he se nothing, but as he moves closer, gun extended in front of he sees a small dinosaur, a COMPSOGRATHUS, the same chicken-sized animal Cathy saw on the beach so long ago. DIETER