1) 14) dialog: Hey! - she's JOSTLED from behind by a CLASSMATE bolting past h She hands in her exam book, waves to her friend, and exit WIND CHILL - Yellow Revisions 2/23/05
4) 0) text: Our girl wheels her suitcase across a largely-empty parki lot. It's late afternoon, and already dark enough for the sodium vapor streetlights to have come on. A few snowflak swirl in their sickbed glow. We follow her to... A beat-to-shit 1988 OLDSMOBILE idling in the middle of th lot. An unbroken dusting of snow indicates it's been the only vehicle here for some time.
4) 4) text: There were still cars when I got here. I thought we were going to get an early start to stay ahead of the snow? GIRL
4) 9) text: I'm two hours late?! Shit. Sorry. You should've just left without me. That's what I would've done. Hurry up and pop the trunk so I can stow my shit. He does. She walks back to the trunk, which is stuffed to capacity with more of his things: CLOTHES, a bag of GROCERIES, etc GIRL (cont'd) (calling to him)
4) 12) text: Here, let me help you with that- GIRL
4) 13) text: Why don't you just get the engine started and put the heat on? I can handle this. He watches her rearrange his things, a little flummoxed. GIRL (cont'd) (smiling)
7) 1) dialog: (on her cell) Where are you? (listens) No, we're just rolling out... (listens) ... Believe me, I tried, but I couldn't get a flight. It's my own fault for waiting `til the last minute...
8) 0) text: She looks out at the passing landscape as they cruise sou on the interstate. The road is wet, though the snow hasn' yet started to stick. GIRL (laughs; on her cell)
8) 1) text: What, are you kidding? I'm bored to tears... No, we're still on the highway... how should I know, all highways look exactly alike. She looks up, catches him shooting irritated looks her wa GIRL (cont'd)
8) 7) text: Who do you think? Ride Board Guy. Okay, `bye. She hangs up, aims the camera phone lens his way, and sna another digital picture of him. She puts the cellphone away, looks up to see him glaring her. GIRL (cont'd)
8) 9) text: This isn't cool. If I have to drive, you have to talk to me. GIRL
8) 11) text: That's how this ride-sharing thing works. Division of labor. We split everything fifty-fifty... Get it? GIRL
8) 13) text: This is turning out great. GIRL
8) 19) text: Yeah. GIRL
8) 21) text: Um... Saint Vitus Academy. GIRL
8) 23) text: You're acquainted with every school in the area? GIRL
8) 25) text: Including all the Catholic ones? Because that's where I went. Saint Vitus Academy for Catholic Boys. GIRL
8) 27) text: We had a class together, you know. GIRL
8) 30) dialog: What? There were about a million people in that class. It was like Woodstock. Did you ever see so many Eastern religion types? (then)
8) 36) dialog: No. Why? GUY
8) 37) text: I don't know. I just assumed... GIRL
8) 39) text: I don't know... I guess you just... look like a philosophy major. GIRL
8) 40) text: Try engineering. She enjoys the pained look of surprise on his face, lets twist for a second before explaining: GIRL (cont'd)
8) 43) text: Nietzsche's theory of eternal recurrence. GIRL
8) 50) text: The eternal hourglass of existence is turned over and over, and you with it, a grain of dust. She looks at him as if he's nuts.   A beat, then: GIRL
8) 51) text: He died of syphilis, you know. He stares grimly at the road ahead, biting back a comment GIRL (cont'd)
10) 5) text: What? GIRL (resumes painting)
10) 8) text: ... Speaking of peeling eyeballs. Did you know that's how they do that corrective eye surgery? GIRL
10) 10) text: Well, yeah, they do... But there's definitely peeling involved too. I saw it on Discovery Health. If more people knew about the peeling part they might think twice before going under the knife. GIRL
10) 12) text: Right, laser. GIRL
10) 16) text: Oh. An awkward beat. GIRL
10) 18) text: Why? GIRL
10) 20) text: You're getting it done... GIRL
10) 22) text: But they look good on you. She frowns. GIRL
10) 24) text: You sure? You never... to class or anything? Because I could swear I- GIRL
12) 2) text: I thought you had to pee? GIRL
12) 5) text: Well if you want, I can carry you. GIRL
12) 7) text: Come on, I'm good at this... GIRL
13) 0) text: The door JINGLES as he enters, carrying her.   His face i from effort, hers from embarrassment. GIRL
13) 2) text: Sure. He just stands there.   She taps him on the shoulder. GIRL
14) 0) text: The toilet is gross, tiled a queasy green, graffiti-cover Our girl finishes peeing, gets up from the toilet, uses h foot to flush and her elbow to turn on the faucet. She washes her hands, holding them under the automatic dryer. Broken. She wipes her hands dry on her jeans. Is about to exit wh she catches sight of her reflection in the dirty mirror.
14) 5) dialog: 
15) 3) text: When? GIRL
15) 5) text: Locked in where? GIRL
15) 7) text: I don't know what you're- GIRL (cuts him off)
16) 1) text: What's that for? GIRL
19) 1) dialog: What the hell are you doing!?
19) 3) dialog: (panicking)
21) 1) text: Not many radio stations out here. GIRL
21) 5) text: Where were you when I was flunking freshman physics? He switches over to AM. Finds a low-wattage mountain stat broadcasting Bobby Helms' 1957 "Jingle Bell Rock." Then he drives in silence.   Still stewing over her most recent digs. GIRL
21) 7) text: No, my grandparents are Dutch, so I was raised on salted licorice and Sinterklaas... GIRL
21) 10) dialog: Charming. GUY
21) 11) text: What's your Christmas like? GIRL
21) 17) text: Stone Harbor. GIRL
21) 19) text: Me too. She turns from the window to look at him, scowling. GIRL
21) 22) text: Hm? Oh, yeah, I know. What I meant was- GIRL
21) 24) text: Well, see, it's kind of complicated- GIRL
21) 28) text: Nothing's going on- GIRL
21) 33) text: What the hell? She turns to look ahead, momentarily forgetting their fig as the oncoming headlights cross the median into their la GIRL
23) 0) text: For the time being their fight has taken a back seat to t oncoming car playing chicken with them. GIRL
27) 0) text: Relief turns to dread as they realize the other car isn't slowing. GIRL
29) 0) text: The interior is dark. The girl has been thrown under the dash. It's hard to tel in this light whether she's still breathing. Finally she stirs, disoriented. She climbs back into her seat, piecing together where she It takes her a beat to remember him. She looks over slowl He's not moving, though thanks to his seatbelt he's still upright behind the wheel. His head rests limply against t driver's window, which now looks out on nothing but snowb A link of blood trickles down the glass. Dead? She's not taking any chances. Without a sound she slips i her shoes, coat. Gropes for her cellphone among the detri at her feet. Suddenly he stirs, groaning. She freezes. The seconds ticking by on the DASHBOARD CLOCK. When he doesn't wake, she resumes fumbling for her cell. Finds it.   Then eases open the creaky passenger door. And launches herself into the frigid night.
30) 5) text: What are you doing? She screams, spins around. He's standing right behind her, his face in silhouette. GIRL
30) 8) text: Can't... I can't get a signal here. He receives this news with a strange calm. GIRL (cont'd)
30) 10) text: I don't have a cell. GIRL
30) 12) text: How're you doing? You all right? GIRL
30) 17) text: What happened to the, uh, the guy? GIRL
30) 19) text: Asshole who ran us off the road. She's completely forgotten all about the other vehicle un now. She turns to look, puzzled. There's no sign of the other vehicle anywhere. They're al GIRL
30) 21) text: So where are his tire tracks? She looks, sees an unbroken expanse of fresh white snow. GIRL
30) 28) dialog: (to herself) This doesn't make any sense...
30) 33) dialog: What now?
30) 37) text: You steer, I'll push. He holds the passenger door for her while she scrambles i scooting over into the driver's seat. He leaves the door open so they can communicate. He walks back to the rear of the stranded Oldsmobile. He's pulling on gloves when something half-buried in the nearby catches his eye. He takes out the flashlight, shin it at the roadside. Little wooden crosses. Just two this time. Another sad shrine, to a different se of anonymous victims of Route 606. Their proximity to the stranded Olds obviously unsettles GIRL (calling)
32) 7) text: Hey, c'mon, it's freezing out here! GIRL
32) 9) text: What the hell is wrong with you? What did I do? But she's in full-blown paranoid mode now, near hysterics GIRL
32) 11) text: I thought I was driving you home. GIRL
32) 13) text: I told you, this is a shortcut. Anyway, you were the one who said she was so bored on the highway. This used to be called `Scenic 606' because there's an amazing view of the valley- GIRL
32) 20) text: accident! You saw the other car. You think he was in on it, too? GIRL (raving)
32) 22) text: You're crazy... GIRL (lying)
32) 25) dialog: Exactly. He straightens, exasperated, puts a hand to his injured h She looks at him standing there, hugging himself against sub-zero cold, his teeth chattering. He doesn't look like ax-murderer. She doesn't know what to do. There's a long beat. Finally he throws up his hands in disgust, decides to go to Plan GUY
32) 26) text: I'm gonna walk back to the gas station for help. You've got the heater and the radio, so you should be all right here. Though I really think you should consider coming with me. GIRL
32) 32) dialog: (sarcastic)
35) 1) dialog: Hey! No reaction from the stranger. GIRL (cont'd)
35) 5) text: We had an accident. My friend went for help. He'll be back any second. The stranger's dapper suit is more than dishevelled. It's soaking wet, caked in motor oil or some other dark slime. GIRL (cont'd)
35) 6) text: Kinda crappy night for a walk, don't you think? And there's something definitely "off about his shuffling It's like he's crippled, or injured. In fact he seems to CRYING. (Or is it moaning?) GIRL (cont'd)
35) 7) text: Hey, wait! But the stranger just keeps shuffling toward the shoulder the road, headed in the direction of the DARK STAND OF TR beyond. Soon he moves beyond the reach of the headlights disappears into the gloom. GIRL (cont'd)
35) 10) text: Jesus! Calm down. It's just me. GIRL
35) 12) text: Whoa! Take it easy. What's wrong? GIRL
35) 18) text: Where did he go? GIRL
35) 20) text: Look. It's freezing out here. Let's just get in the car and you can tell me what happened... GIRL (paranoid)
35) 22) text: It was closed. I was going to leave a note, but I didn't... You know. Have anything to write with. She clutches the scissors tighter, not believing a word. GIRL
35) 24) text: How the hell should I know?! Independent operator. Look, can we continue this conversation in the car, `cause I'm freezing my balls off standing out here. GIRL (shrieks)
36) 2) text: We need to conserve the battery. With the interior light off the car fills with an otherwo blue glow reflected off the snow. She pulls her knees up if trying to make herself as small as she can, to positio herself as far away from him as is humanly possible on a bench seat. Her eyes cut to the DASHBOARD CLOCK.    She frowns. GIRL
36) 7) text: My watch stopped. Oh well... Guess we'll just have to rely on my precisely calibrated body clock. He tosses his useless watch over his shoulder into the ba seat. Suddenly she notices a trickle of blood coming from his h GIRL
36) 9) text: What? GIRL
36) 11) text: It's nothing... GIRL
36) 13) text: Scalp wounds bleed a lot. Head wounds in general. That's why, if you're ever in a bar fight, the thing to do is pick up a bottle and smash the other guy across the bridge of his nose. It'll make his eyes fill with blood and snot, and buy you enough time to run away. GIRL (softening, amused)
36) 14) text: That's really useful, thanks. A tense silence fills the car. He closes his eyes and lea his head back, as if trying to catch a few Z's. GIRL (cont'd)
36) 18) text: Place called Glens Falls... GIRL
36) 20) text: No... GIRL
36) 22) text: Yes... GIRL
36) 28) text: Asked around. GIRL
37) 2) dialog: Romantic? Try stalkerish.
37) 4) dialog: We?!
37) 10) text: Did you see a bag of groceries in the trunk? At mention of groceries she temporarily drops the topic o the gas station. Remembers: GIRL
37) 14) text: Shit! I spent sixty bucks on this gourmet crap you like! Saint Andre's cheese and Carr's crackers and those stupid little French pickles, I forget what they're called- GIRL (quietly)
39) 6) dialog: Asshole.
39) 12) text: Give them to me! GIRL
40) 1) text: I still can't believe you left all our food in a stupid parking lot. GIRL
40) 4) text: Story of my life. Never fails... GIRL
40) 6) text: You. Girls. Women. You seem cool at first.
40) 9) dialog: What the hell are you talking about?
40) 11) dialog: You want to talk about fake? How about guys who pretend to be from Delaware to meet girls?
40) 13) dialog: That's perfect. Because now that I'm not some Nietzche-spouting sexbot, suddenly I'm not worth knowing. And who's fault is that? He doesn't answer, only withdraws into himself, sulking. All of a sudden the Oldsmobile gives a SHUDDER. And then the engine DIES.
41) 6) dialog: Gas.
41) 9) text: Can you fix it? GIRL
41) 11) text: But we still have the battery, right? GIRL
41) 13) text: What do you mean? She gives him a sober look, as the storm rages around the GIRL
42) 4) text: Only thing that's gonna get us to sun-up. So put aside fashion sense and start layering everything you brought. GIRL
43) 3) text: What's the matter? GIRL
43) 7) dialog: Dream on. But we see her smiling a little in the dark front seat. They lie in silence for another beat as she tries every position possible to get comfortable. Finally she sits up
43) 9) dialog: Gotta pee. She starts to climb over into the cramped front seat, intending to go outside. He winces when she puts a hand o his chest to steady herself as she climbs over him. GUY (testy)
43) 10) text: Why didn't you go before, when we were outside? GIRL
43) 14) text: It's still freezing out- GIRL
44) 1) text: What?! What happened?! But it all happened so fast she doesn't believe her eyes. She gestures at the procession of DARK FIGURES disappeari ahead. GIRL (still in shock)
45) 1) dialog: Where'd they go?!
46) 3) text: Gotta - just a sec - catch my - GIRL (still unnerved)
46) 5) text: No! There must be a house or something. Keep going. I'll catch up. GIRL (reluctantly)
47) 0) text: A few minutes later he trudges into view.   Looks around. sign of our girl. GUY
48) 0) text: Our girl emerges from the trees, having decided to give u the chase and return to the safety of the car. Just as she's reaching for the door handle she GASPS - As a FIGURE suddenly appears out of the darkness.
48) 4) dialog: Wait!
48) 8) dialog: (shocked) Oh my god! Who did this to you?!
50) 0) text: Our guy emerges from the woods still carrying the newspap he found in time to find our girl white with shock and SCREAMING. He grabs her by the shoulders, shakes her. GUY
50) 18) text: What happened to you!? This looks like... oh jesus... like frostbite! GIRL
51) 4) text: There's the ruins of an old house or something back in the woods. GIRL
51) 5) text: Oh... Give me the duct tape... He hands it to her, and she starts using the tape and old newspapers to seal out the draft. When she's finished, he starts to climb over into the bac GIRL (cont'd) (softly)
52) 1) text: Are you awake? GIRL (teeth chattering)
52) 14) text: Everything all right in there? The kids speak over one another in their relief to see hi GIRL
52) 17) text: Having car trouble, huh? GIRL
52) 18) text: Someone ran us off the road. He shines the flashlight directly in our girl's eyes. HIGHWAY PATROLMAN
52) 24) text: What are you talking ab- The girl, quicker to catch on than the guy, puts a hand o his arm.
52) 25) dialog: (whispers)
52) 27) text: You think this whole thing was a scam? Jesus, he could've killed us! But she's already digging cash out of her purse. GIRL (fierce whisper)
52) 28) text: How much cash do you have on you? He looks at her in disbelief. Sees that she's serious. He digs out his wallet, starts to climb over her to exit. Sh stops him. GIRL (cont'd)
53) 4) text: Some weather we're having... GIRL
53) 7) text: You know, this is one bad stretch of road. All kinds of trouble going on up here: Kids drag racing. Niggers hauling booze across the state lines. Lady drivers breaking down, no-one ever hears from them again... Her bravado begins to flag. This isn't the kind of police officer she's used to dealing with. She glances worriedly back in the direction of the Olds. GIRL
53) 16) text: Get in the damn patrol car... She starts walking toward the parked patrol car ahead of The highway patrolman's boots CRUNCHING behind her. The patrol car's HEADLIGHTS are blinding. She moves towar them, squinting, as if moving down a tunnel of light. GIRL (terrified; beginning to cry)
53) 21) dialog: (begging)
54) 1) dialog: (stunned)
54) 4) dialog: (unsure)
54) 9) text: Oh Jesus.    OK. Hold on. She pours water from a plastic bottle over his palms to t and break the seal between the fused skin and metal. GIRL (cont'd)
54) 12) text: How bad? GIRL
54) 14) text: How do you know? You take a first aid course or something? GIRL
54) 18) text: I'm kinda not in the mood anymore. GIRL
54) 23) text: What do you mean? You were there. GIRL
54) 25) text: Ghost. Her eyes cut to his, afraid, resistent to the very idea. GIRL
54) 27) text: Yes. And the old guys we chased- GIRL
54) 29) text: What then? How do you explain- GIRL
54) 31) text: You're having it. GIRL
54) 37) text: I don't know. They don't cover this in Philosophy 101. GIRL (casting for ideas)
54) 41) text: Tibetan. It's not a How-to manual. It's an 8th century Buddhist guide on death and dying. GIRL (despairing)
54) 43) text: I can feel your stomach rumbling. GIRL
54) 44) text: I know. God, I'd give anything for some of those Carr's crackers right now... Trying to take their minds off the grim situation. GIRL (cont'd)
54) 47) dialog: Oh no...
54) 51) dialog: Mmmmm... GUY
54) 52) text: And for dessert, anisette biscotti and a thermos of espresso. GIRL (ecstacy)
54) 53) text: Ohhhh... She closes her eyes, imagining the meal that might've bee GIRL (cont'd)
54) 55) text: Can't be too much longer until dawn. Someone's bound to come along then. A snowplow or something. Right? GIRL
54) 57) text: Starting to burn... GIRL
54) 59) text: Yeah, but I mean really burn... GIRL
54) 64) dialog: I just- She's about to climb back when something catches her eye.
54) 65) text: The one used to patch the small gap in the passenger wind There's a faded PHOTOGRAPH of a group of ELDERLY PRIESTS gathered around a MANGLED `55 FORD CROWN VIC. We recogniz one of them, glancing back over his shoulder at the camer as the LEADER of the mysterious procession of DARK FIGURE from earlier. INTERCUT OLD NEWSPAPER / GIRL &amp; GUY GIRL (cont'd)
54) 66) text: Oh my god. I think I know who our old guys are... I mean, were... Below the accident scene photo are HIGH SCHOOL YEARBOOK PORTRAITS of TWO TEENAGE BOYS with crewcuts and letter jackets bearing a distinctive team insignia "The Cougars. Across the top of the paper is a torn headline: "North Granville Youths Killed In Joy Riding Accident" and below "Cougars Coach Mourns Loss." GIRL (cont'd) (reading)
54) 71) dialog: "... Hearing the crash on nearby Route 606, they braved inclement weather to administer Last Rights..." GUY
54) 72) text: That must be what we saw them doing! She skim-reads ahead, trying to glean more information. GIRL
54) 75) dialog: Coming. She climbs over into the back seat, feeds him two of the Tylenol with a sip of water from a bottle. Then stretches out alongside him again. GIRL (cont'd)
54) 77) text: Okay. GIRL
56) 0) text: OUR GIRL's face as her eyes snap open and she bolts uprig in the backseat, scaring the shit out of our guy. GUY
56) 2) text: You will get a sen-ti-men-tal fee- ling when you hear... Voices singing "Let's be jolly, DECK the halls with boughs of holly"... The car's rear window brightens with APPROACHING HEADLIGH of a highway patrol car, it's strobe light flooding the Oldsmobile's interior with RED. From our girl's eyes going crazy in R.E.M.-pattern we--
57) 0) text: CLOSE ON the RADIO, midway through "Rockin' Around the Christmas Tree..." Our guy listens to the CRUNCH CRUNCH CRUNCH of the cop's boots outside in the snow, circling the snowbound Oldsmob Whistling along with the song that always accompanies him Suddenly the dashboard air vents all OPEN SIMULTANEOUSLY. A gust of supernaturally frigid cold blows in, like the i breath of Old Man Winter himself. White frost spreads wit time-lapse velocity from the air vents across the dashboa Our guy scrambles up front, slapping the air vents closed Begins ripping off strips of duct tape to plaster over th vents to keep out the lethal chill. CLOSE ON OUR GIRL as her nightmare becomes even more viol
58) 0) text: And our girl finally surfaces from the dream as if coming for air, with a huge GASP and eyes wild with fear. Only t find herself in a waking nightmare. The car interior flooded with red.    Our guy terrified. GIRL
58) 2) text: It's him! Hurry! Help me! She climbs up front to help our guy frantically taping ov the vents. A shadow moves by the WINDSHIELD and she gasps As another shadow goes by in a blur past the BACK WINDOW he gasps- The assault coming from everywhere at once now, the cop a elemental force, like the storm itself. Skittering along undercarriage one moment, across the metal roof the next. Even appearing -- fleetingly, impossibly -- in the snow o the blocked driver's side window. All the electronics in the car start going crazy, power l opening and closing, the interior light flickering, the dashboard clock hands spinning wildly, the windshield wip sweeping back and forth, etc. Then stop all at once. Even the radio SNAPS OFF. Dead silence for a beat. Then an odd SCUTTLING SOUND underfoot, something crawling along the undercarriage of the car. Our guy sits there frozen with fear, too scared to move, even breathe. Likewise, the girl sits nervously, watching her breath in cold. Her eyes happen to wander to the rear view mirror- A blue-faced DEAD BABY stares back at her from the rear window ledge. She SWINGS around, looks back at the window.   But nothin there.
58) 5) text: Rockin' around, the Christmas tree, Have a happy hol-i-day... Our guy claps hands over his ears so he can't hear the so of the cop's rage as he attacks the car, fury growing and growing until it's indistinguishable from the HOWLING win outside. The attack ends. The red police light in the rear window FADES. Leaving them sitting there in the dark in stunned silence GIRL
58) 13) text: He's not! Listen! They sit in silence, listening, but hear only the wind. GIRL
58) 15) text: We just have to stay in the car until morning. Then we'll be safe. That can't be more than, like, a few more hours... Someone's bound to come along once the sun comes up... Someone human I mean. Think you can hold on until then? GIRL (shy)
60) 0) text: The interior of the car is eerily QUIET, cocooned in snow The kids sit in silence in the front seat, fighting to st awake. His face is pale, skull visible beneath the skin. She stares at the black, snow-covered windshield. GIRL
60) 3) text: I swear, I never met anyone who had to go so much. GIRL
60) 8) dialog: I'm serious! It's hard enough doing this in front of you.
60) 10) dialog: No. But it's not something I usually do until much later in a relationship...
60) 11) text: She catches herself at the last second, but it's too late the word "relationship" hangs in the air. Beat. Finished peeing, she twists the cap on the water bottle. Sets it on the floor with the other URINE-FILLED BOTTLES. Noticing ONE BOTTLE that doesn't look like the others. She climbs over into the front to confront him with the u bottle, which is tinged with PINK. Blood. GIRL (cont'd) What the hell is this? Is this blood?
60) 12) text: No answer. GIRL (cont'd) How badly were you hurt in the crash?
60) 15) dialog: How long have you known?
60) 20) text: started hurling blood, so I turned around and came back. GIRL
60) 26) text: How far do you think you'd get out there before running into Mr. Freeze? GIRL
60) 27) text: I'm not going to just sit here and watch you die! They sit there a moment in silence. She digs out her cellphone and checks for a signal: NO SIGNAL BARS. GIRL (cont'd) (to herself)
60) 29) text: What are you looking at? GIRL
60) 35) text: You want to climb a telephone pole? GIRL
60) 38) dialog: What? GUY
60) 39) text: He's out there. They both go quiet. She sits there with the phone in her lap, brooding on thi Until something clicks. GIRL
60) 40) text: The song! That old Christmas song on the radio. It always comes on just before he shows up... She switches on the RADIO. They hear Elvis Presley's 1957 "Blue Christmas" playing. GIRL (cont'd)
62) 2) text: I've been thinking... GIRL
62) 4) text: Eternal recurrence. Maybe it wouldn't be so bad. GIRL
62) 6) text: Repeating this life. Over and over. Exactly the same each time. GIRL
62) 11) text: Know what I'd do different? Next time I'd just to walk up to you after class... and say "Hey." GIRL (smiles)
71) 0) text: The rungs are icy, forcing her to climb slower than she w like. She keeps her eyes forward, never once looking down When the wind gusts she pauses and waits for it to subsid She's midway to the top when her foot SLIPS on an icy run She clutches the pole tightly, wind whistling in her ears She waits until her heart slows and she's recovered from near fall. Then looks up to gauge the distance left to the JUNCTION Keeps climbing. She reaches the last rung at the TOP OF THE TELEPHONE POL It's noisy up here, thanks to the WIND and the icy teleph wires, source of the mysterious HUMMING she's been hearin She tries the little metal door of the grey JUNCTION BOX. Locked. GIRL
71) 4) text: Oh my god! Teeth chattering she thumbs "0" for the operator. GIRL (cont'd) (as it rings)
71) 6) text: Nine-one-one emergency response. GIRL
71) 8) text: What's that? Can you repeat- GIRL
74) 1) dialog: (chattering teeth)
74) 2) text: - I did it - got through - but I don't know how much she understood - the operator I mean - He doesn't respond. GIRL (cont'd)
74) 7) text: Hang in there, can't be much longer... She reaches to jostle him awake.    One touch confirms he worst fears. She reaches up to switch on the INTERIOR LIGHT, to get a better look at him. GIRL (cont'd)
74) 8) text: Oh god! Her reaction is so sudden and violent and overwhelming it seems for a moment she's going to be sick. She covers her mouth, muffling a cry of raw-throated terror. Then shakes him again, harder this time, desperate to wak him. GIRL (cont'd)
75) 0) text: The door opens and she backs out, hauling the dead body a her. Her face is red, tear-streaked. GIRL (crying)
76) 0) text: The snowplow driver is a hale townie dressed like a high school principal on a hunting trip. He and our girl transfer our guy's lifeless body to the B SEAT of the snowplow.
77) 0) text: Inside the cab it's blessedly warm. The dashboard panel, and CB radio are lit up like a Christmas tree. While the snowplow driver tests the front tire chains, ou girl checks on our guy's body. The snowplow driver climbs up behind the wheel, gives her sympathetic look. Picks up the C.B. microphone. SNOWPLOW DRIVER (to C.B.)
81) 4) dialog: What about those ruins up on the hill? The retirement home for old priests?
83) 2) text: CLOSE ON our girl, processing this. She has her suspicion the truth isn't as simple as a pilot light blowing out. SNOWPLOW DRIVER (cont'd) Actually, there's no big mystery why this is such a bad stretch of road for motorists. You got low- lying fog that gets trapped in the valley, reduces visibility to-
83) 4) text: He scowls, raising a meaty hand to shield his eyes. A dread look of dГ©jГ  vu crosses our girl's face.
83) 8) dialog: It's not Tom...
88) 0) text: Our girl rouses from her post-accident daze. Sees the bod of our guy thrown through the windshield. She eases it ba inside and onto the seat beside her. She looks up in time to see through the windshield - The SNOWPLOW DRIVER making his way down the steep slipper ice-and-leaf-covered embankment. Her eyes go wide as she suddenly realizes where he's head GIRL
90) 1) dialog: (calling down)
91) 4) dialog: No!!! Don't go near it!!!
91) 6) dialog: Doesn't matter! He's already dead!
91) 14) text: Oh no you don't! You bastards have no right to sit in judgement of me. I know what you're thinking but I had nothing to do with that drunk girl's disappearance. I saw her home safely. Just ask the County investigators. And anything else you think you saw? All of it was lawfully done! He sputters as gasoline drips on his face from above. Another WHOOSH, blue flames spreading out from the fuel l The cop smells smoke, a pleading note entering his voice HIGHWAY PATROLMAN (cont'd)
93) 0) text: Our girl and the rattled snowplow driver stand there in t silence and the flickering firelight from the burning car
93) 1) dialog: Come on. We can go now. It's over.
93) 2) text: The snowplow driver, stunned, speechless, can only stand there and nod. Suddenly - The COP launches himself out of the window of the overtur car at them. Skin peeled and blackened, he starts crawling over the ro dragging his paralyzed lower body after them. The snowplow driver's eyes go wide and he stands rooted i place, unable to move. She grabs him by the arm, pulls him away. GIRL (cont'd) MOVE!!
95) 1) dialog: (urgently) Come on, come on!
97) 5) dialog: (crying; breathless) Wait!
97) 9) dialog: I know.
97) 11) dialog: (out of breath) I know!
98) 0) text: The gas pumps are crowded with EMERGENCY VEHICLES and PERSONNEL. The morning calm is broken by the BEEP BEEP BE of trucks backing up, the BLEET of arriving ambulances, t constant CHATTER of two-way radios. OUR GIRL is seated in the back of an open ambulance with blanket draped around her shoulders, allowing EMTs to tre her frostbite. She watches ATTENDANTS from the county morgue zip the bod of our guy and the snowplow driver into BODYBAGS. Suddenly she remembers her cellphone, and takes it out.