4) 3) text: Do you think you could have parked any further from the entrance? The sight of her quickly snaps him awake.   He scrambles GUY (still a little groggy)
4) 5) text: What time is it? GUY
4) 10) text: Jesus, I'm just going home for Christmas. What are you doing? Pulling up stakes and movin' your Oakie family to Californey? She starts rearranging the trunk, making room for her bag GUY
4) 11) text: I'm kinda getting kicked out of my apartment. I didn't have time to find someplace new before exams. She takes out some of his things.   Puts them on the grou GUY (cont'd)
4) 17) dialog: Sorry... it sticks.
5) 1) dialog: That's as far as it goes.   Sorry.
8) 2) text: What? GUY
8) 7) text: Who do you think? Ride Board Guy. Okay, `bye. She hangs up, aims the camera phone lens his way, and sna another digital picture of him. She puts the cellphone away, looks up to see him glaring her. GIRL (cont'd)
8) 8) text: What? GUY (blurting)
8) 10) text: What, I'm the in-flight entertainment? GUY
8) 12) text: I've got news for you, I don't get much more entertaining than when I'm on the phone. He darkens, mutters under his breath: GUY (sarcastic)
8) 15) dialog: Forget it. They ride in silence for a moment. She tries to strike up conversation, by way of extending an olive branch.
8) 18) text: So you're from Wilmington, huh? GUY
8) 20) text: Where'd you go to school? GUY (falters for a second)
8) 22) text: St. Vitus? You're making that up. GUY
8) 24) text: Pretty much, yeah. GUY
8) 26) text: Okay, fine... They drive for a few moments in silence. GUY
8) 28) text: Huh? GUY
8) 34) text: Eastern religions. She hoots with laughter. But he's not kidding.   He seems surprised by her response. GUY (cont'd)
8) 38) text: Why would you assume anything about me? We just met. GUY (a little defensive)
8) 42) text: Hey, that reminds me. What'd you put for the extra credit question on the final? GUY
8) 44) text: Which is basically reincarnation, right? GUY
8) 49) text: live the same life over and over again. He looks out at the road, reciting Nietzsche from memory: GUY (cont'd)
10) 3) text: Next gas station you see, do me a favor and pull over. I gotta pee. GUY
10) 4) text: Okay, I'll keep my eyes peeled. She looks up from her feet, giving him a funny look. GUY (cont'd)
10) 6) text: That phrase. `Keeping your eyes peeled.' It's kind of creepy, if you think about it. GUY
10) 7) text: Huh. Actually, yeah, it is sorta. His eyes linger on her freshly painted toes on the dashbo She catches him staring.   He blushes, embarrassed.   Say GUY (cont'd)
10) 9) text: They use a laser. GUY
10) 11) text: Laser. GUY
10) 17) text: It's okay. I'm not really worried. GUY
10) 19) text: I'm not worried? GUY
10) 21) text: Because I hate wearing glasses. GUY
10) 23) text: How do you know? I don't wear them outside my dorm. He gets a cornered look. GUY
10) 25) text: Never. GUY
10) 26) text: Huh. Weird. I wonder why I thought- He breaks off, saved by the sight of a gas station up ahe GUY (cont'd)
12) 4) dialog: Oh. He looks over the roof of the car, sizing up the distance across the slushy parking lot. GUY (cont'd)
12) 6) text: That's okay, they'll be dry in just a second. GUY
12) 9) dialog: Hold on. GIRL
13) 1) text: Thanks. GUY
13) 3) text: You can let me down now. GUY
13) 4) text: Okay. He crouches so she can slide off. She gives him a look, slips on the pair of flip-flops she's brought with her, t heads off in search of the ladies bathroom. Meanwhile, our guy saunters up toward the front of the convenience store. He nods to the twitchy CLERK, 20s, engrossed in a tattoo fetish magazine behind the counter.
15) 0) text: As she exits she sees the CLERK and our guy talking quiet as if they know one another. She hesitates for a second, spying on them around a display of chips. Suspicious.
15) 2) text: Didn't you hear me banging in there? GUY (startled; puzzled smile)
15) 4) text: You think it's funny? Me locked in? GUY
15) 6) text: You're telling me you didn't just hear me banging on the door? GUY
15) 9) text: Remember, highway's your best bet- GUY (dismissive)
15) 13) text: Are we lost or something? GUY (quickly)
16) 0) text: As they exit and start toward the car she offers him a twenty. He looks at the money, as if he's never seen U.S. currency before. GUY
16) 3) dialog: Keep it. GIRL
16) 4) text: What do you mean? Isn't that how ride-sharing works? -- We split everything fifty-fifty? GUY
19) 2) dialog: Scenic detour.
19) 5) dialog: Relax, I checked it out on the map. It looks interesting.
19) 8) text: I mean it, get back on the highway right now! This is not going to happen! He looks a little pissed she's questioning his judgment. GUY
21) 0) text: She watches him suspiciously out of the corner of her eye His face is eerie in the green light of the dashboard. He scans the radio dial for something other than static. GUY
21) 6) text: So... Does your family do the whole traditional Christmas thing? GUY
21) 8) text: How's that different from the regular Santa Claus? GUY
21) 12) text: My folks split my freshman year, so I spend the holidays racing between them. Two trees... two turkey dinners...two sets of presents to return for store credit. So normally I can deal, but this year mom decided to rent a condo at the beach. Which is like, what? Two hours away. GUY
21) 16) text: So were you a Rehobeth beach family or Stone Harbor? GUY
21) 18) text: We always went to Rehobeth. Year in and year out... Jesus, I've never been more bored in my life. I was always so jealous of my friends who spent summers at the Jersey shore. GUY
21) 21) dialog: (evasive)
21) 23) text: You aren't from Delaware, are you? GUY
21) 26) dialog: I'm exactly who I said I was, am, it's just- GIRL
21) 27) text: What the hell's going on here? GUY
21) 34) text: You think he doesn't see us? GUY
23) 1) text: Pull over and let this asshole by. GUY
27) 2) dialog: Hold on! He jerks the wheel hard, sending the Oldsmobile fishtaili out of control. The OTHER CAR skids over a small bridge and drops out of sight. They spin out in the opposite direction. Skid off the roa and SLAM into a snowbank with a bone-shuddering CRASH. BRENDA LEE
30) 4) text: ... please... please... please... Suddenly, from behind -- GUY (O.S.)
30) 7) dialog: Any luck? GIRL (shakes head `no')
30) 9) text: What about yours? GUY
30) 11) text: How can you not have a cell? GUY (ignoring her)
30) 13) text: I... yeah, I'm okay. Nothing broken... What about you? GUY
30) 17) text: What happened to the, uh, the guy? GIRL
30) 18) text: Who? GUY
30) 20) text: I don't know. I guess maybe he decided just to hit and run. GUY
30) 22) text: In case you haven't noticed, it's coming down pretty hard. GUY (points)
30) 23) text: Yeah, but you can still see our tracks. The mystery of the missing tracks seems to have penetrate his post-accident fog, bringing him back into sharper foc She watches as he walks out in front of the Olds' headlig to the middle of the road, where the other vehicles track should be. GUY (cont'd)
30) 30) dialog: (calling) HELLO!
30) 31) text: She jumps at the sound of his voice, her nerves frazzled. GUY (cont'd) (calling) ANYBODY OUT THERE!? ANYONE?! HEY!
30) 36) text: I guess we see how bad we're stuck. They trudge back to the car, boots crunching in the snow. GUY (cont'd)
30) 38) text: Ready? He bends with a little wince and braces his shoulder agai the rear bumper. GUY (calling)
30) 39) text: Ready! The tail lights come on as she turns the ignition.   He h her crank the starter motor. Cranking... cranking... cranking... Finally turning over. She slips the Oldsmobile in gear, and he starts pushing. The rear tires spin, throwing slush; but car won't budge. GUY (cont'd) (calling)
32) 1) dialog: Hey, open up.
32) 2) text: He tugs at the handle a few times.      Knocks on the win GUY (cont'd) You wanna pop the locks?
32) 3) text: When there's no response from her he puts his lips to the half-inch gap at the top of the stuck window. GUY (cont'd) You gonna unlock the door or what?
32) 8) text: Better get used to it, asshole. He rattles the door handle, starting to get panicked now. GUY
32) 10) text: You drove us here, that's what you did!! What the hell did you think you were doing!? GUY
32) 12) text: You're not driving me home because one, you don't live near my home and two, this piece of shit isn't driving anywhere. Now what are we doing here? Why did you get off the highway? GUY
32) 21) text: Maybe! Maybe he's like your Black Pete or something! Why the hell did you tell me that story anyway? GUY
32) 23) text: Anyway, I've got news for you... I got through to a friend's voicemail while you were supposedly unconscious. I'm sure she's called the cops by now. GUY
32) 27) text: I bet you do. GUY (pissed)
32) 34) dialog: 
35) 9) dialog: Hey. She SCREAMS. GUY (cont'd)
35) 11) text: Stay away from me! She brandishes the SCISSORS.    He puts up two hands defensively. GUY
35) 13) text: You! Everything! The guy-
35) 14) dialog: What guy?
35) 17) text: I don't know, it was weird. I saw some guy walking down the road. GUY
35) 19) text: I don't know. Into the woods. Her eyes keep cutting back and forth between him and the woods where the stranger disappeared, as if not sure whic the greater threat. GUY
35) 21) text: What are you doing back so soon? What about hiking to the gas station? GUY
35) 23) text: But those places are supposed to stay open 24/7! Why wasn't it open? GUY
36) 0) text: He looks over as the door wrenches open and she climbs in She pulls the door shut behind her, then huddles against Eyeing him warily. He starts to reach toward her and she brandishes the scis GUY
36) 1) text: Relax. - and switches off the overhead interior lights, explaini GUY (cont'd)
36) 3) text: That's not right. The clock... GUY (checks watch)
36) 8) text: Hey. GUY
36) 10) text: You're bleeding. He touches two fingers to the left side of his head. They come away bloody. As he lifts his watch cap we see the le side of his head is matted with frozen blood, now beginni to melt. The collar of his coat is soaked with it. GUY
36) 12) text: It doesn't look like nothing. GUY
36) 13) text: Scalp wounds bleed a lot. Head wounds in general. That's why, if you're ever in a bar fight, the thing to do is pick up a bottle and smash the other guy across the bridge of his nose. It'll make his eyes fill with blood and snot, and buy you enough time to run away. GIRL (softening, amused)
36) 19) text: That's not in Delaware. GUY
36) 21) text: That's, like, in the complete opposite direction! GUY
36) 24) dialog: All right, all right, so I lied... Obviously. GIRL
36) 26) dialog: I just thought you seemed cool. I don't have a line or a `game' or whatever the hell it's called. So when I saw a chance to get you alone for six uninterrupted hours, I took it. She ponders this for a beat, one piece still not clicking GIRL
36) 27) text: But how did you know where I lived? GUY
37) 1) dialog: (bitter) Forgive me for attempting a romantic gesture.
37) 3) dialog: Not if things worked out between us...I would've told you everything eventually, and then it wouldn't be stalkerish. It would just be this sweet funny story we'd have.
37) 9) text: Christ. I'm starving. You hungry? He leans over the seatback, begins rummaging in the back. GUY (cont'd)
37) 12) dialog: What?! GIRL
37) 13) text: I'm sorry. It was an accident- GUY
37) 16) dialog: I know.
39) 1) dialog: I think I remember losing pack of Big Red down the back seat cushions last week...
39) 8) dialog: (gritted teeth) Let go, goddamnit...
39) 11) text: No! GUY
39) 13) text: No!!! With his free hand he reaches over and wrenches the sciss away from her, his eyes flashing. She gives a little terrified whimper as he pulls her close, brandishes the scissors. GUY
40) 0) text: With the blade of the open scissors he divides a stale ca bar, divvying it up. He closes the scissors. Serves up the two halves of candy bar on napkins with a side of stale pretzel nibs. GUY
40) 2) text: Look, I'm sorry, okay? I'll write you a check for sixty bucks if it will make you get off my case. I don't know what else I can say. GUY
40) 3) text: Let's just eat. They eat in silence, each chewing the unappetizing "dinne GUY (cont'd) (to himself)
40) 5) text: What? GUY
40) 10) dialog: You should all come with a warning, like car mirrors: "Objects in belly shirts are flakier than they appear."
40) 12) dialog: How about we just stop talking altogether.
41) 3) dialog: Well?
41) 7) dialog: Oh shit. GIRL
41) 8) text: Fuel tank must've been ruptured in the accident. GUY
41) 10) text: Not unless you have a welding rig in all that shit of yours. And even if you did, it wouldn't matter. We're out of gas. GUY
41) 12) text: As long as we use it sparingly, it should last the night. Question is, will we? GUY
42) 1) dialog: Layers... He rolls into the back, fishes his suitcase out of the me
42) 6) dialog: Ah, Jesus. GIRL (defensive)
43) 4) text: I'm freezing. I can't feel my toes. GUY
43) 5) text: Me neither. Nothing much they can do about it.   They fall silent aga GUY (cont'd)
43) 8) dialog: What?
44) 0) text: She climbs out into the bitter cold, hunched against the howling wind, and moves off as far as she dares from the She fumbles with the buttons and zippers of her multiple layers, turns her back to the car, squats to pee. Her teeth chatter as she does her business, one wary eye peeled to catch the guy peeking. Suddenly, out of the gloom appears - A DARK FIGURE, moving by very near her. She GASPS. Tumbles back onto her ass.     As she's strugg to pull up her pants - MORE DARK FIGURES appear, moving in the same direction. As the figures enter the woods their leader turns so she glimpses his face: elderly and unremarkable at first glan then for an instant CHANGING into a twisted ashen deathma Her SCREAM brings our guy BOLTING out of the car. GUY
44) 2) text: - Did you see? - They were right here! - GUY
45) 2) dialog: There! She looks where he's pointing with the flashlight-
45) 3) text: On the wooded slope on the opposite slope of the ravine a SEVERAL TALL OLD MEN IN DARK COATS, dispersing through th woods. As if whatever somber occasion that brought them t the ravine has ended. GUY (cont'd) (calling)
46) 0) text: They follow the bobbing beam of the flashlight through th trees, in pursuit of the OLD MAN in black coat and fedora Our guy falls behind, winded.
46) 4) text: Maybe we should go back to the car. GUY
47) 0) text: A few minutes later he trudges into view.   Looks around. sign of our girl. GUY
49) 0) text: POV of our guy running blindly through the woods, FLASHLI BEAM throwing weird bouncing shadows across the trees, bo CRUNCHING in the snow, sound of his GASPING BREATHS... He stops, wracked with pain, and doubles over with hands knees to catch his breath. In the silence he hears her SCREAM coming from ahead. He stands, and though still winded, starts running again.
50) 0) text: Our guy emerges from the woods still carrying the newspap he found in time to find our girl white with shock and SCREAMING. He grabs her by the shoulders, shakes her. GUY
51) 3) text: Where'd these come from? GUY
52) 0) text: Our kids lie awake, him spooning her, listening to the RA quietly playing Christmas music: (seguГ© into Brenda Lee' "Rockin' Around the Christmas Tree.") GUY
52) 3) dialog: Why?
52) 10) text: you freeze to death. It's like going to sleep... GUY
52) 15) text: Thank God! You don't know how glad we are to see you... GUY
52) 19) text: There's no parking here. GUY
52) 23) text: ...Of course I might be willing to let you off with a warning this time... if we can come to some sort of arrangement... GUY
52) 24) text: What are you talking ab- The girl, quicker to catch on than the guy, puts a hand o his arm.
52) 26) text: It's a shake-down. He's probably partners with the guy who ran us off the road. Wouldn't be surprised if he has a deal with the tow guy, too. He turns to her, says in an angry whisper - GUY
53) 23) dialog: Get away from her you bastard! Suddenly the guy appears brandishing a CROWBAR. He swings it in a lethal arc toward the patrolman's head. The cop's head crumples inward. The cop's expression of F suddenly STUTTERS, like film slipping in the projector - As two worlds that should never intersect, do, violently For an instant, the cop's face appears...charred. Like a human face projected onto a scorched and melting balloon. The image flickers - And on an ear-splitting HOWL we -
54) 3) dialog: I don't know.
54) 5) text: But it did happen, right? Or not... Our guy winces in pain.     TILT DOWN to reveal:
54) 11) dialog: Do it. She fights her own gag reflex as she pulls the crowbar fr It comes away with several long black strips of dead skin still attached. His palms are bloody pulps. He fights to hold himself together as she ministers to hi The pain is so bad it brings tears to his eyes. His teeth chatter; he's teetering on the edge of shock. GUY (cont'd)
54) 13) text: Frostbite, second and third-degree. GUY
54) 17) dialog: (weak)
54) 22) text: What just happened to us out there? GUY
54) 24) text: I know, but who was he? Where'd he go? It's like one minute there's a, a gun to my head and the next all the lights go out and he's gone, like a, like a- GUY
54) 26) text: No. GUY
54) 27) text: Yes. And the old guys we chased- GIRL
54) 28) text: No. GUY
54) 30) text: I don't know! This is crazy! I can't be having this conversation. GUY (forceful)
54) 32) text: I don't want to! GUY
54) 36) text: Then how do we make it stop? GUY
54) 39) dialog: What book? GIRL
54) 40) text: Something Book of the Dead. GUY
54) 42) text: God. Why is this happening to us? He doesn't have an answer.    They fall silent for a beat GUY (hands on her belly)
54) 45) text: So what else was in the grocery bag I forgot? GUY
54) 54) text: That's pretty much the exact meal I'd order for my last day on earth. I swear to god, if we ever get out of here I'm going to have to get a restraining order against- If they ever get out of here. Her eyes brim, tears spilli down her cheeks. He tries to sound optimistic. GUY
54) 56) text: How are your hands? GUY
54) 58) text: That's good. It means the circulation's coming back. GUY (winces)
54) 65) text: The one used to patch the small gap in the passenger wind There's a faded PHOTOGRAPH of a group of ELDERLY PRIESTS gathered around a MANGLED `55 FORD CROWN VIC. We recogniz one of them, glancing back over his shoulder at the camer as the LEADER of the mysterious procession of DARK FIGURE from earlier. INTERCUT OLD NEWSPAPER / GIRL &amp; GUY GIRL (cont'd)
54) 66) text: Oh my god. I think I know who our old guys are... I mean, were... Below the accident scene photo are HIGH SCHOOL YEARBOOK PORTRAITS of TWO TEENAGE BOYS with crewcuts and letter jackets bearing a distinctive team insignia "The Cougars. Across the top of the paper is a torn headline: "North Granville Youths Killed In Joy Riding Accident" and below "Cougars Coach Mourns Loss." GIRL (cont'd) (reading)
54) 68) dialog: Priests! Suddenly, the interior light fizzles out, making her jump She reaches up and taps on it until it flickers back on.
54) 73) text: "... also killed was State Highway Patrolman... continued on page seven." She tears the brittle top pages of the newspaper away. Finds there is no page seven. GUY (gritted teeth)
54) 76) text: We should take turns keeping watch. In case he comes back. GUY (eyelids heavy)
55) 0) text: Both kids are asleep in the back seat. She's dreaming, her eyes roving behind closed lids.   All sudden she stirs, eyes fluttering open in the dark.   Shi Woken by a cold draft. She shivers, sits up, disentangling herself from the guy snoring quietly beside her in the cramped back seat. She locates the source of the draft. The STUCK PASSENGER WINDOW up front, where the duct-tape- newspaper patch has come loose. She shivers as a gust of wind blows a few snowflakes in. She grabs the roll of duct tape, climbs up into the front Tears off a fresh strip of tape off to replace the old on She smooths it in place, her teeth chattering between yaw Just then the radio SNAPS on by itself. BRENDA LEE
56) 0) text: OUR GIRL's face as her eyes snap open and she bolts uprig in the backseat, scaring the shit out of our guy. GUY
56) 1) text: Thank god! You were having some kind of seizure or someth- He doesn't get to finish his sentence: Her eyes roll back her head and she collapses again, as if yanked down by an undertow. She starts violently CONVULSING in the cramped confines o the back seat, limbs flailing, feet kicking windows, etc. Our guy tries everything to wake her: shaking her shoulde slapping her face hard. But it's no use: the nightmare ha her again. He sits back, helplessly looking on. Suddenly the radio SNAPS ON mid-song, scaring the crap ou him. BRENDA LEE
57) 0) text: CLOSE ON the RADIO, midway through "Rockin' Around the Christmas Tree..." Our guy listens to the CRUNCH CRUNCH CRUNCH of the cop's boots outside in the snow, circling the snowbound Oldsmob Whistling along with the song that always accompanies him Suddenly the dashboard air vents all OPEN SIMULTANEOUSLY. A gust of supernaturally frigid cold blows in, like the i breath of Old Man Winter himself. White frost spreads wit time-lapse velocity from the air vents across the dashboa Our guy scrambles up front, slapping the air vents closed Begins ripping off strips of duct tape to plaster over th vents to keep out the lethal chill. CLOSE ON OUR GIRL as her nightmare becomes even more viol
58) 0) text: And our girl finally surfaces from the dream as if coming for air, with a huge GASP and eyes wild with fear. Only t find herself in a waking nightmare. The car interior flooded with red.    Our guy terrified. GIRL
58) 1) text: What's happening!? GUY
58) 2) text: It's him! Hurry! Help me! She climbs up front to help our guy frantically taping ov the vents. A shadow moves by the WINDSHIELD and she gasps As another shadow goes by in a blur past the BACK WINDOW he gasps- The assault coming from everywhere at once now, the cop a elemental force, like the storm itself. Skittering along undercarriage one moment, across the metal roof the next. Even appearing -- fleetingly, impossibly -- in the snow o the blocked driver's side window. All the electronics in the car start going crazy, power l opening and closing, the interior light flickering, the dashboard clock hands spinning wildly, the windshield wip sweeping back and forth, etc. Then stop all at once. Even the radio SNAPS OFF. Dead silence for a beat. Then an odd SCUTTLING SOUND underfoot, something crawling along the undercarriage of the car. Our guy sits there frozen with fear, too scared to move, even breathe. Likewise, the girl sits nervously, watching her breath in cold. Her eyes happen to wander to the rear view mirror- A blue-faced DEAD BABY stares back at her from the rear window ledge. She SWINGS around, looks back at the window.   But nothin there.
58) 5) text: Rockin' around, the Christmas tree, Have a happy hol-i-day... Our guy claps hands over his ears so he can't hear the so of the cop's rage as he attacks the car, fury growing and growing until it's indistinguishable from the HOWLING win outside. The attack ends. The red police light in the rear window FADES. Leaving them sitting there in the dark in stunned silence GIRL
58) 6) text: What happened? GUY
58) 8) text: I told you these `88 Olds were built like tanks! He turns around in the front seat to shake a bandaged fis the rear window. GUY (cont'd) (nervous relief)
58) 12) text: Shhh! How do you know it's not a trick! He could still be out there waiting- GUY
58) 14) text: But what if he comes back..? GUY
58) 16) text: What if, you know. We have to pee? GUY
58) 17) text: We can use the empty water bottles. From this point on, the back seat is a co-ed bathroom. Sound like a plan? Sounds like a plan. GUY (cont'd)
60) 2) dialog: Again?! She climbs over into the back seat and crouches down, urinating as demurely as possible into an empty bottle. GUY (cont'd) (teasing)
60) 4) text: Stop talking. GUY
60) 9) dialog: What, are you one of those people who can't pee with the bathroom door open?
60) 13) dialog: (shrugs) No big deal. Just your average day in the NHL...
60) 14) text: But she sees through his tough-guy facade.       He's fri
60) 16) dialog: Since I tried hiking back to the gas station. You were right, I never got anywhere near it. I
60) 21) text: Why didn't you tell me? GUY
60) 25) text: We've got to get you some help now. You won't make it to morning. I'm going to try and hike back to the gas station- GUY
60) 28) text: Damn it! We need a land line ... A long beat. Then she's struck by an idea. She switches on the wipers to clear snow from the windshi Wipes at the foggy glass until she's got enough of a peep to peek out. GUY
60) 30) text: Telephone poles. They must have a junction box or something to test the lines ... There! See that one? She indicates a TELEPHONE POLE twenty yards up from them. There's a SMALL GREY STEEL JUNCTION BOX near the top. GUY
60) 34) text: So maybe there's some way I can... I don't know... jack into it or something. Try and call for help. GUY
60) 36) text: Of course I don't want to! But it's got rungs. Can't be any harder than the climbing wall at my gym. Big fat repair guys do it all the time, right? Right? Trying to convince herself. GUY
62) 1) dialog: (weak)
62) 3) text: What about? GUY
62) 5) text: What wouldn't? GUY
62) 10) text: Yeah, but it's even nicer to think maybe we get a chance to fix all the things we screwed up the first time around, don't you think? They fall silent, both thinking about this. GUY
62) 12) text: You should. Definitely. Do that. She uses her sweater cuff to make clean spot on his cheek Kisses him tenderly. The kiss working it's way to his mouth, lingering a beat. Their lips part. He catches her arm as she reaches for the power window switch, holds tight. GUY (urgently)
74) 0) text: Inside.   Safe! She sits there, out of breath. She glances over quickly a our guy, gravely pale, slumped unconscious behind the steering wheel. She chafes her hands to get the circulation going again. She turns down the volume on the radio.
76) 0) text: The snowplow driver is a hale townie dressed like a high school principal on a hunting trip. He and our girl transfer our guy's lifeless body to the B SEAT of the snowplow.
77) 0) text: Inside the cab it's blessedly warm. The dashboard panel, and CB radio are lit up like a Christmas tree. While the snowplow driver tests the front tire chains, ou girl checks on our guy's body. The snowplow driver climbs up behind the wheel, gives her sympathetic look. Picks up the C.B. microphone. SNOWPLOW DRIVER (to C.B.)
88) 0) text: Our girl rouses from her post-accident daze. Sees the bod of our guy thrown through the windshield. She eases it ba inside and onto the seat beside her. She looks up in time to see through the windshield - The SNOWPLOW DRIVER making his way down the steep slipper ice-and-leaf-covered embankment. Her eyes go wide as she suddenly realizes where he's head GIRL
95) 5) dialog: Get away from her, you bastard!
95) 6) text: And OUR GUY'S GHOST appears out of the gloom. He swings a CROWBAR into the cop's skull. And, just like before, there's a VIOLENT FLASH OF light a
96) 0) text: It's like someone pressed RESET. She's back inside the STRANDED OLDSMOBILE, seated beside body of our guy. Her panicked breathing turns into hyperventilation as she realizes all efforts to escape the road are futile. Suddenly she spots something through the windshield that causes her breath to catch -
97) 0) text: The sky is showing the first signs of approaching dawn. She watches OUR GUY'S GHOST moving into the woods, back toward the direction from which they came.
97) 4) text: Her eyes widen in terror. She fumbles out the cellphone. Stabs the "off" button with her thumb. She instinctively starts back to the stranded Oldsmobile Stops - Looks at the ghost. And in that moment decides, for better or worse, to follo him. She takes off down the road. We follow as she hurries to catch up with our guy's ghost
98) 0) text: The gas pumps are crowded with EMERGENCY VEHICLES and PERSONNEL. The morning calm is broken by the BEEP BEEP BE of trucks backing up, the BLEET of arriving ambulances, t constant CHATTER of two-way radios. OUR GIRL is seated in the back of an open ambulance with blanket draped around her shoulders, allowing EMTs to tre her frostbite. She watches ATTENDANTS from the county morgue zip the bod of our guy and the snowplow driver into BODYBAGS. Suddenly she remembers her cellphone, and takes it out.
98) 1) text: It's the DIGITAL PICTURE OF OUR GUY when she first met hi asleep behind the wheel of the `88 Olds in student parkin