52) 13) text: A cop! She cranks down the icy passenger side window, revealing silhouette of a HIGHWAY PATROLMAN standing just outside: wearing a trim-fitting uniform and a stiff-brimmed troope hat. HIGHWAY PATROLMAN
52) 16) text: ...you won't believe what's been happening... The cop listens without comment, shining his flashlight o the car's interior. HIGHWAY PATROLMAN
52) 18) text: Someone ran us off the road. He shines the flashlight directly in our girl's eyes. HIGHWAY PATROLMAN
53) 3) text: This is all we have. HIGHWAY PATROLMAN
53) 6) text: So what do you say? How `bout a little Christmas spirit here? HIGHWAY PATROLMAN (still facing away)
53) 8) text: We just want to get out of here, so if you could just- She holds out the money, but he ignores it. HIGHWAY PATROLMAN
53) 9) text: Let me tell you, I've seen a lot of fatalities on this road... He takes off his hat so he can mop his brow. As he turns, she gets a first good look at his face: handsome but hard with cruel snake charmer's eyes looking back at her... HIGHWAY PATROLMAN (cont'd)
53) 13) text: I think maybe I just want to go back- HIGHWAY PATROLMAN
53) 15) text: No... The cop is advancing toward her when suddenly he catches sight of something high on the hillside behind her that m him stop. She glances over her shoulder to see what he's looking at A LIGHT on the hilltop, where the burned-out ruins stand. And weirder still, there's a FIGURE in silhouette standin nearby. Someone watching. The cop darkens, enraged by this unwanted audience. His f contorts, fury building in him until he trembles with it. rests his hand on the butt of his service revolver, says her in a low urgent voice: HIGHWAY PATROLMAN
53) 16) text: Get in the damn patrol car... She starts walking toward the parked patrol car ahead of The highway patrolman's boots CRUNCHING behind her. The patrol car's HEADLIGHTS are blinding. She moves towar them, squinting, as if moving down a tunnel of light. GIRL (terrified; beginning to cry)
53) 20) dialog: Hurry up...we've got an audience...
54) 73) text: "... also killed was State Highway Patrolman... continued on page seven." She tears the brittle top pages of the newspaper away. Finds there is no page seven. GUY (gritted teeth)
83) 9) text: And as the ONCOMING HEADLIGHTS OF THE HIGHWAY PATROLMAN g brighter, she calmly buckles her seatbelt.
91) 8) dialog: Should've known you vultures would turn up...
91) 10) dialog: What are you waiting for, a letter from the Bishop? Suddenly it dawns on our girl that he isn't talking to th Also that they aren't alone. Widen to reveal - A DOZEN ELDERLY PRIESTS in black winter coats and fedoras standing all around them on the snowy embankment, faces g
91) 13) text: Hurry it up, I smell gas... The snowplow driver stands there, confused by what he's witnessing. The old priest crouches down, reaches through the open wi past the trapped highway patrolman. Rips out the chattering TWO-WAY RADIO by its cord. The cop's face registers disbelief, then fury, as he real the priests aren't going to help him. Are in fact condemn him for years of crimes committed on this stretch of road HIGHWAY PATROLMAN (cont'd) (struggling)
91) 14) text: Oh no you don't! You bastards have no right to sit in judgement of me. I know what you're thinking but I had nothing to do with that drunk girl's disappearance. I saw her home safely. Just ask the County investigators. And anything else you think you saw? All of it was lawfully done! He sputters as gasoline drips on his face from above. Another WHOOSH, blue flames spreading out from the fuel l The cop smells smoke, a pleading note entering his voice HIGHWAY PATROLMAN (cont'd)
91) 15) text: Please, father... For the love of Christ have mercy on a poor sinner! There's a SMALL EXPLOSION, and the inside of the car star filling with FLAMES and black smoke. The trapped highway patrolman begins burning alive, cursi