76) 0) text: The snowplow driver is a hale townie dressed like a high school principal on a hunting trip. He and our girl transfer our guy's lifeless body to the B SEAT of the snowplow.
77) 0) text: Inside the cab it's blessedly warm. The dashboard panel, and CB radio are lit up like a Christmas tree. While the snowplow driver tests the front tire chains, ou girl checks on our guy's body. The snowplow driver climbs up behind the wheel, gives her sympathetic look. Picks up the C.B. microphone. SNOWPLOW DRIVER (to C.B.)
77) 2) text: Go ahead... SNOWPLOW DRIVER
79) 0) text: She stares blankly out the window at the snow swirling in headlights. The snowplow driver makes small-talk to help pass the tim SNOWPLOW DRIVER
81) 0) text: The snowplow driver shakes his head at the eerie memory. SNOWPLOW DRIVER
81) 5) dialog: Tragic story. Winter of `61 they were all found froze to death in their beds...
83) 0) text: The snowplow driver squints out at the murky horizon ahea
83) 1) dialog: Must've been a pilot on the boiler went out, or something...
83) 2) text: CLOSE ON our girl, processing this. She has her suspicion the truth isn't as simple as a pilot light blowing out. SNOWPLOW DRIVER (cont'd) Actually, there's no big mystery why this is such a bad stretch of road for motorists. You got low- lying fog that gets trapped in the valley, reduces visibility to-
83) 3) text: Just then BRIGHT HEADLIGHTS appear out of the pre-dawn gl SNOWPLOW DRIVER (cont'd) Who in the hell is out driving in this mess?
83) 7) text: He reaches for the C.B. mike, thumbs the switch. SNOWPLOW DRIVER (cont'd) (into microphone) Tom, is that you?
85) 1) dialog: Doesn't this stupid son of a gun realize we're bigger than him?! No way he's going to win this fight!
85) 2) text: He blasts his horn, but the HEADLIGHTS just keep coming. She braces for impact. At the last possible moment the snowplow driver jerks the wheel hard to the right.
87) 0) text: The WRECKED SNOWPLOW has ended up on the edge of the ravi where the highway patrol car disappeared. There's a metallic GROAN of hinges as the snowplow's driv side door opens and the SNOWPLOW DRIVER, dazed but unhurt climbs out. He calls down into the gloom below, where we hear the fai sounds of the highway patrol car's RADIO playing "Rockin' Around the Christmas Tree." SNOWPLOW DRIVER
88) 0) text: Our girl rouses from her post-accident daze. Sees the bod of our guy thrown through the windshield. She eases it ba inside and onto the seat beside her. She looks up in time to see through the windshield - The SNOWPLOW DRIVER making his way down the steep slipper ice-and-leaf-covered embankment. Her eyes go wide as she suddenly realizes where he's head GIRL
91) 0) text: She comes to a stop thirty feet below at the bottom of th ravine beside the surprised SNOWPLOW DRIVER. And the HIGHWAY PATROL CAR. It's resting on its roof in the snow at the bottom of the ravine, wheels in the air. It looks like an overturned beetle. Something moves in its front seat. The snowplow driver calls to the TRAPPED HIGHWAY PATROLMA
91) 1) dialog: Hang on, officer! We'll get you out! She catches his arm to stop him.
91) 5) dialog: What!!? We have to get him out of there... Smoke rises from the car's gas tank, a small FIRE burning
91) 7) dialog: What the hell are you talking about? Inside the overturned car the trapped HIGHWAY PATROLMAN struggles. His hat has fallen off and floats in the icy water flooding the car, threatening to short the radio. Which is playing the same song as Christmas Eve fifty-sev years earlier. "Rockin' Around the Christmas Tree." Despite being pinned upside-down and in pain from injurie sustained in the accident, he chuckles at his predicament We realize he's been drinking. As he struggles to free himself the cop looks in the direction of the snowplow driver and our girl.
91) 9) dialog: Try not to move, officer, you might have a neck injury. But the cop continues to struggle, pain sobering him.
91) 13) text: Hurry it up, I smell gas... The snowplow driver stands there, confused by what he's witnessing. The old priest crouches down, reaches through the open wi past the trapped highway patrolman. Rips out the chattering TWO-WAY RADIO by its cord. The cop's face registers disbelief, then fury, as he real the priests aren't going to help him. Are in fact condemn him for years of crimes committed on this stretch of road HIGHWAY PATROLMAN (cont'd) (struggling)
93) 0) text: Our girl and the rattled snowplow driver stand there in t silence and the flickering firelight from the burning car
93) 2) text: The snowplow driver, stunned, speechless, can only stand there and nod. Suddenly - The COP launches himself out of the window of the overtur car at them. Skin peeled and blackened, he starts crawling over the ro dragging his paralyzed lower body after them. The snowplow driver's eyes go wide and he stands rooted i place, unable to move. She grabs him by the arm, pulls him away. GIRL (cont'd) MOVE!!
98) 0) text: The gas pumps are crowded with EMERGENCY VEHICLES and PERSONNEL. The morning calm is broken by the BEEP BEEP BE of trucks backing up, the BLEET of arriving ambulances, t constant CHATTER of two-way radios. OUR GIRL is seated in the back of an open ambulance with blanket draped around her shoulders, allowing EMTs to tre her frostbite. She watches ATTENDANTS from the county morgue zip the bod of our guy and the snowplow driver into BODYBAGS. Suddenly she remembers her cellphone, and takes it out.