34) 7) text: as wind chills plunge to fifteen below overnight... Finally - She glimpses MOVEMENT outside the passenger window. She gasps, ducking out of sight below the car's dashboard She doesn't move, listening, her eyes bright with fear. After a long beat she risks a peek over the steering whee The windshield is fogged, so she wipes a peephole in the condensate. It's too dark to see much beyond the car's ho She reaches shaking fingers toward the steering column. Flicks on the headlights. A STRANGER is walking away down the middle of the dark ro She screams, reaches instinctively to check the power loc The stranger, a black man dressed in a dirty suit, walks hunched shoulders. Snow swirling around him in the darkne Who the hell takes a stroll in the middle of a snowstorm? Over her initial shock now, she reaches for the door hand
35) 0) text: She gets out of the car, clutching the SCISSORS in both h like a dagger. She stands behind the protection of the op car door and calls out to the stranger moving down the mi of the snowy road a dozen yards ahead. There's a weird HUMMING noise in the air she can't place.
35) 2) text: Hello? Do you live around here? Again, nothing.    Maybe he's deaf? She moves out from behind the safety of the car door and starts after the stranger, keeping her distance as she ca
35) 5) text: We had an accident. My friend went for help. He'll be back any second. The stranger's dapper suit is more than dishevelled. It's soaking wet, caked in motor oil or some other dark slime. GIRL (cont'd)
35) 7) text: Hey, wait! But the stranger just keeps shuffling toward the shoulder the road, headed in the direction of the DARK STAND OF TR beyond. Soon he moves beyond the reach of the headlights disappears into the gloom. GIRL (cont'd)
35) 19) text: I don't know. Into the woods. Her eyes keep cutting back and forth between him and the woods where the stranger disappeared, as if not sure whic the greater threat. GUY
48) 3) dialog: ...please, officer, please don't...
48) 6) dialog: ...don't put me in the river...
48) 9) dialog: ...please, officer, just take the booze and let me go...
48) 10) text: She reaches toward him. The instant her hand nears him the wind HOWLS DEAFENINGLY She experiences a sudden powerful JOLT, almost as if she' grabbed a live wire... only instead of electric heat she feels a terrible otherwordly cold... Frostbite. The jolt stuns the stranger out of his daze, and for the first time he becomes aware of her. He raises his frighte eyes to her slowly, and in doing so reveals his face. A scream builds in her throat at sight of him. The stranger's face is bloodless, bloated, swollen with r A sludgy gargling noise comes from his throat and his mou moves, as if he's trying to speak. But instead of words emerging, his throat suddenly bulges Something's in there, fighting its way up his esophagus.