108) 0) text: Evan enters a dimly lit cell plastered with pictures of J Christ and various Saints. Burning flames on open cans of shoe polish serve as candles to the large shrine. There is a stained bare mattress on the top bunk. Sitting the bottom bunk is CARLOS, 30s, a massive Hispanic convic covered with faded Indian ink jail tats of Christ in agon Carlos stares at Evan disinterestedly as Evan makes up hi bed on the top bunk.
108) 1) dialog: First time?
108) 3) dialog: Best not bitch up. Wind up someone's  luggage that way.
108) 5) dialog: Jesus himself couldn't make me take  on the Brotherhood. When they come,  just put your mind in another place,  man. Be somewhere else.
108) 6) text: A BUZZER SOUNDS. Carlos leaves the cell without another w
109) 0) text: Evan sets his tray down at a table filled with Carlos and some other INMATES. No sooner has he sat down to eat, do  eager forks reach onto his tray and steal his food. Carlo shrugs at Evan and offers him a roll.
111) 0) text: Evan walks closely behind Carlos through a corridor, clut his journals. As he passes Karl, the Neo-Nazi, Karl reach over and firmly grabs Evan's crotch. Evan, totally violated, turns white with rage.
112) 0) text: Evan enters the cell with a few entry pages. He looks thr them. Nothing there. Evan nods depressed, then sees the page from his "Age 7"  journal, grabs Carlos' duct tape and tapes the page over bed.
114) 0) text: Evan and Carlos sit on BLEACHERS that overlook the other  prisoners working out. Evan closely watches Karl and Rick who stare daggers at h from across the yard. A SKINHEAD PASSES SOMETHING with a  white-taped handle to Karl but no officers seem to notice Evan slides closer to Carlos and stares at the Jesus Chri tattoos all over Carlos' back.
114) 2) dialog: Straight up.
114) 4) dialog: Shit. I knew you were crazy.
114) 6) text: Carlos scoffs whatever.
114) 8) text: Carlos is suddenly interested.
115) 0) text: Evan holds a tattered journal entry in his hand and finis up a conversation. Carlos looks dumbfounded.
115) 2) dialog: You need to see the prison shrink,  man.
115) 6) text: Disappointed, Evan turns back to Carlos. Holds up his jou entry.
115) 8) dialog: Weirder than this?
117) 1) dialog: Oh sweet Jesus. It's true. It's a  miracle! A miracle!
117) 2) text: Evan looks up to see Carlos staring at him with reverence
117) 3) dialog: Your hands. The stigmata!
117) 6) dialog: (laughing) Signs of the Lord. They just appeared  out of nowhere. I thought you were  loco!
117) 8) text: Carlos simply stares at him, awestruck, and hands over a of cigarettes.
119) 9) text: Evan nods reluctantly and peacefully drops to his knees.  Karl and Rick lower their pants to their ankles. Evan loo miserable, about to do the deed when -- CARLOS bulldozes  past the Aryans into the room, slamming Karl into the wal and jamming a shank into Karl's crotch! Rick instantly charges Carlos, but trips on the pants aro his ankles. Evan, anticipating Rick's fall, stomps Rick's face before snatching his journals from Karl's shelf. Evan frantically flips through them, hunting for somethin as the other WHITE SUPREMACISTS charge the cell.
119) 11) text: Carlos drops Karl's writhing body to the floor and presse his girth against the cell door. Evan locates an entry and concentrates on the words just the other supremacists force the door open -- Evan focuse on the words. Chanting quickly.