0) 0) text: EVAN, 20, good-looking but with dark haunted eyes, franti hides himself in an unlit Doctor's office. His face and c are covered in blood. He holds his forehead in pain. FLASHLIGHT BEAMS stab through the darkened corridor hunti for him. ALARMS SOUND. GUARDS are heard shouting to each  other. Evan grabs a cardboard box and hides under a docto desk. He grabs some paper and begins writing in shorthand
0) 1) dialog: (as he writes) If anyone finds this, then I guess  my plan didn't work and I'm already  dead...
0) 3) dialog: But if I can just go back to the  beginning of all this, I still might  be able to save her.
2) 0) text: A tearful Andrea holds newborn EVAN in her hands.
3) 0) text: Smiling Andrea holds baby Evan up to the camera, then pla him in a crib.
4) 0) text: A playground. Evan's father, JASON (23), puts a 1-year ol on a slide.
5) 0) text: A birthday party for LENNY, 5, a chubby kid with only a f friends. Evan, now 5, is gently prodded by Andrea toward  KAYLEIGH, 5, a quiet sweet-looking girl with beautiful ha Evan clumsily shakes her hand and she quickly leans over kisses his cheek. He blushes and runs to hug his mother's leg. END MONTAGE &amp; TITLES.
6) 0) text: In the driveway, 7-year old Evan plays with CRICKETT, a f cocker spaniel puppy. Andrea, wearing a mechanic's jumpsuit, works impatiently the carburetor of a Toyota Celica. Evan pets the dog as h watches his mother work.
6) 2) text: Evan quickly eyes the situation and grabs the 5/16" wrenc from the toolbox.
6) 3) dialog: We're gonna be late again.
6) 5) dialog: We're putting up pictures for Parent's  Night.
6) 6) text: Evan impatiently watches Andrea turn the bolt.
6) 7) dialog: Righty-tighty, lefty-lucy.
6) 11) dialog: Um... can dad come this time?
6) 13) dialog: Can't he come out for one day?
6) 15) dialog: But Lenny said that his dad's  coming... and Tommy and Kayleigh's  dad...
6) 16) text: Andrea hands the wrench to Evan.
6) 18) text: Evan beams as he climbs onto the bumper and screws the ca back together. Andrea, meanwhile, strips off her coveralls, revealing a  spotless nurse's uniform underneath.
6) 19) dialog: All the dads are gonna be there.
6) 21) dialog: No.
6) 23) text: Evan, disappointed, passes the wrench back to Andrea.
6) 24) dialog: (beat) Done. Try it.
6) 25) text: Andrea gets behind the wheel. She turns the ignition and engine roars to life. Evan wears a proud smile.
7) 0) text: Andrea races through the school zone and heads for the ma doors. Evan's already got the car door open and his foot the ground by the time the car skids to a halt. Andrea ch her watch.
7) 2) text: Evan blows Andrea a kiss goodbye and runs into the school As Andrea pulls away, MRS. BOSWELL, 35, taps the car wind
8) 2) text: Evan is surprised to see his mother enter with Mrs. Boswe but continues playing with Kayleigh, now seven, a quiet,  sweet-looking girl. Mrs. Boswell leads Andrea over to the teacher's desk.
8) 8) text: The drawing shows a child holding a bloody knife while  standing on a heap of dead bodies. It's extremely  sophisticated for a seven-year old. Some of the corpses h been cut open and the insides are surprisingly anatomical correct. Andrea sees Evan playing with Lenny, harmless as a bunny, and struggles to control her concern.
10) 0) text: The children hang artwork on the walls in prep for Parent Night. Each child has a picture of his or her family made from colored construction paper and macaroni. Evan's pict (no longer sophisticated) depicts his mother, Crockett an himself on a green hill. Tommy and Kayleigh's pictures ea show two kids and a single father. And their 'mother' is  stuck to the far end of page. Lenny beams as he pins-up his picture of an ideal nuclear family. He looks at Tommy's picture and is confused.
10) 6) dialog: Hey, what'd you do that for?
10) 8) text: Evan takes the ruined picture and leans down next to Lenn
10) 9) dialog: Come on, Lenny. It's not that bad.  You can still see your mom a little.
10) 10) text: Lenny, unable to stop crying, begins hyperventilating out control. His desperate gasps for breath are frightening. Evan, scared, looks around for Mrs. Boswell, but cannot f her. He reaches up to his own picture and quickly tears h own macaroni "mother" apart and places it over Lenny's  picture. It's a nuclear family again. Lenny slowly is abl to catch his breath.
10) 12) dialog: Sure. I was gonna make a new one,  anyway.
10) 13) text: Kayleigh helps Lenny glue a new "mother" in place and she smiles gratefully at Evan. As Evan smiles back at Kayleigh, Mrs. Boswell calmly ente the room in time to see Evan tacking up his butchered fam portrait. She shivers.
13) 0) text: The looming building looks even more frightening at night Andrea and Evan head up the stairs.
13) 1) dialog: I don't like this place, Mom. It's  creepy. Please can we go? I promise  I won't make any more bad pictures!
14) 0) text: Andrea leads Evan into Dr. Redfield's office. Dr. Redfiel warmly greets Evan at the door.
14) 2) dialog: (stunned) You know my father?
14) 5) dialog: My father has a bad memory, too?
14) 7) text: Evan raises an eyebrow at the doctor.
15) 0) text: Evan looks terrified as he lies on a medical platform as series of CAT-scan images are taken. In another part of t room, a distressed Andrea speaks quietly with Dr. Redfiel
16) 0) text: The next morning. Evan busily writes in his new black-mar mead comp book:
16) 3) text: Evan puts down the journal and eats breakfast. He separat the green clovers from the cereal and drops them to the f for Crockett to nibble.
16) 4) dialog: These'll bring you luck, Crockett.
17) 0) text: Andrea grabs the pocket book off the coffee table and hea back into the kitchen. She drops her purse in shock when sees: Evan, in doorway, expressionless and holding a larg BUTCHER KNIFE by his side.
17) 2) text: Evan sees her but remains expressionless.
17) 4) text: Life suddenly springs into Evan's face. He seems stunned find himself holding the knife and drops it.
17) 5) dialog: (scared) What happened?
17) 7) dialog: (tears welling) I... I don't remember.
18) 0) text: Andrea, still shaken, drops Evan off at the house of GEOR MILLER, 35, a handsome athletic man with an infectious sm He approaches the car and opens the door for Evan.
18) 2) text: Andrea writes nervously on a piece of paper as Evan gets  out.
18) 5) text: Andrea nods thanks and nervously drives away. Evan walks to Mr. Miller and momentarily reaches for his hand. Mr. M flinches his hand away and chuckles at Evan.
18) 7) text: Evan appears confused for a moment at Mr. Miller's unexpe rudeness, but walks inside.
19) 0) text: Evan enters the well-kept middle class home and sees his  classmates Kayleigh and Tommy. Kayleigh is dressed in a m shift Medieval gown and Tommy is also dressed in a period costume.
19) 7) dialog: We're really gonna be in a movie!?
19) 11) text: Evan nods and sticks his arms straight up in the air. Mr. Miller downs his drink and helps Evan off with his clothe Suddenly --
20) 0) text: Evan comes to in an unfamiliar place. The rec-room/baseme Evan's eyes dart from the fireplace to Mr. Miller's camer lens and finally to Kayleigh, whose ashen face trembles  slightly. Panic spreads across Evan's face.
20) 1) dialog: Where am I? What happened? Where did  we all go?
20) 3) text: Evan backs up and awkwardly scurries around the basement, grabbing his clothes. Panicking.
20) 4) dialog: I was just somewhere else -- how did  I get here?
20) 6) dialog: Kayleigh? What happened?
20) 7) text: Kayleigh's eyes are unable to leave the floor. She begins adjusting her disheveled clothing. Evan trembles.
20) 8) dialog: What's wrong with me?
21) 0) text: Dr. Redfield places Evan's CAT-scan slides on the light b Andrea squints, unable to interpret them.
22) 0) text: Evan, dressed in his Sunday best, writes copiously in a  journal marked "AGE 7."
23) 0) text: Andrea tightly grips Evan's hand as the pair follow Dr.  Redfield down a corridor. Evan's enthusiasm is dampened b the sounds of distant screams and bloodcurdling laughter.
23) 1) dialog: Dad lives here?
23) 4) dialog: Okay.
23) 5) text: They walk to the end of the corridor and come to a "Visit Chamber". Dr.Redfield leads Evan inside. Andrea begins to follow, b the doctor gestures that she stay outside.
24) 0) text: Evan takes a seat at a long rectangular table. His eyes a fixated on the door on the other side of the room. Finall a dark figure can be seen through the opaque glass. JASON, thirty and haggard looking, enters the room. His e want to sparkle at seeing his son for the first time. But tranquilizers have dulled the effect. Evan's eyes fixate on the leg-restraints and handcuffs th hinder Jason's movement. Finally Jason sits. He smiles warmly and speaks in over-enunciated tones.
24) 2) dialog: Uh-huh. Mom says I have your eyes  and your --
25) 0) text: Evan "comes to" in another unfamiliar place. Rather than  seeing his father across a table, he's looking up at a  ceiling. Blocking his view of the ceiling is Jason, whose face is monstrous with rage, and whose cuffed hands are wrapped a Evan's throat, choking the life out of him.
25) 2) text: Suddenly, ORDERLIES tackle Jason from both sides and wedg baton under his jaw to wrench him away. Andrea franticall struggles to rescue Evan from Jason's clutches.
25) 4) text: Jason wrestles the baton from under his chin, hits an ord in the kneecap and comes for Evan with the baton! Orderly #2 acts quickly, beating Jason with his baton. As Jason makes another desperate grab for Evan, Orderly #2 i forced to bash him in the skull. Down for the count. Andrea hugs Evan, now in shock.
25) 6) text: And ALARM sounds and Andrea tries to cover Evan's eyes, b through her fingers he can see a quick blur of a pool of  blood spreading from Jason's head.
26) 0) text: Dressed in black, Andrea and Evan watch Jason's casket be lowered into the ground. Andrea's tears soak through her  veil. A few feet back, Kayleigh stands behind Evan.
26) 2) text: Evan watches the coffin descend, disappearing from sight. Kayleigh steps up to Evan and takes his hand. A moment. A she softly whispers in Evan's ear.
26) 4) text: A rumble of thunder. Evan looks up at the brooding dark  clouds.
27) 0) text: Gray skies. Andrea drives the children home. Evan stares the passing tombstones that flutter by like a white picke fence. The flickering strobe effect that intensifies into white blur is hypnotic.
29) 0) text: Evan, Kayleigh, Tommy and Lenny are now THIRTEEN. Evan ex cigarette smoke, taps his ash and finishes sketching a  portrait of Kayleigh in his journal. Tommy wears a leather jacket and now has traces of peach  fuzz on his upper lip. Kayleigh's hair is longer now, albeit stringy and unkempt Evan closes his journal and coolly ignites a STRIKE-ANYWH MATCH with his thumb and lights Kayleigh's cigarette. Eve but Lenny smokes in the basement. Tommy, now with longer hair, ransacks his father's army l looking for something.
29) 1) dialog: Tommy, I'm bored shitless over here.  What's up already?
29) 5) dialog: So let's go. This place creeps me  out.
29) 6) text: Evan claps his hands and stands up, Lenny and Kayleigh jo him. Finally, Tommy shakes an old army thermos and hears  something rattling inside.
30) 0) text: Tommy leads Evan, Kayleigh and Lenny on a mission through the woods. Everyone smokes except Lenny, yet he's the onl one who's wheezing. He pulls out an inhaler and takes a p
31) 5) dialog: Not necessarily.
31) 6) text: All eyes turn to Evan as he takes his lit cigarette, brea off the filter and jams the fuse into the unlit end.
31) 7) dialog: That should buy you ten minutes at  least.
32) 4) text: Evan pats Lenny on the back.
32) 5) dialog: You got balls, man.
32) 6) text: The four watch the mailbox in intense anticipation. Evan  smiles with the cigarette pressed tightly between his lip and places his hands over Kayleigh's ears. She smiles bac at him and presses his hands against her head. Tommy catc this and seems disturbed, and quickly turns back to -- The mailbox. Tick-tock... tick-tock... It's like a starin contest...
33) 0) text: Evan, running full speed, comes to in an unfamiliar place He instantly loses his footing and falls to the ground. L falling on top of him.
33) 2) dialog: (frantic) What happened?? Where are we?!
33) 3) text: Evan gets up and starts running, then realizes he's not b followed. Kayleigh and Tommy are helping Lenny up and car him. Evan realizes that Lenny's completely dazed. Evan do back, grabs Lenny's arm and he and Tommy drag Lenny throu the woods as fast as they can.
33) 5) dialog: Shit, Lenny. What's happened to you!  We've gotta get help!
34) 0) text: Andrea's car screeches to the curb of Lenny's house. Lenn mother, Mrs. Kagan, frantically loads Lenny into an ambul As Andrea rushes up to the ambulance, Mrs. Kagan gives he an icy glare and slams the ambulance door in Andrea's fac Andrea turns to Evan, now trembling on the front stoop.
34) 4) dialog: I don't know... I don't remember.
34) 6) dialog: I... I blacked out.
34) 8) text: Evan looks helpless.
34) 10) text: Evan shakes his head "no". Almost ashamed...
35) 0) text: Evan lies on a couch.
35) 2) text: Evan breathes slowly. Deeply. Andrea watches nervously fr the far side of the room.
35) 4) dialog: Yes.
35) 6) dialog: I'm standing next to Kayleigh, my  hands are over her ears.
35) 8) dialog: No, protecting her.
35) 11) dialog: I see a car.
35) 12) text: Evan's eyes suddenly roll back in his head.
35) 14) text: Evan moans and begins shaking.
35) 16) dialog: (moaning) I can't... the car vanishes and all  of a sudden I'm on the ground in the  woods.
35) 18) dialog: It's coming... argh! I can't!
35) 19) text: Evan moans and shakes on the couch.
35) 21) text: Blood begins to trickle from Evan's nose as a guttural so is uttered from deep within him. Dr. Redfield bolts uprig in his chair and redirects the session.
35) 23) text: Evan moans in agony. Andrea darts into the room.
35) 25) text: Dr. Redfield waves her away and concentrates on Evan.
35) 27) text: Andrea moves to stop the blood flowing from Evan's nose. lifts Evan's eyelids and sees only the whites of his eyes
35) 29) text: Evan is completely non-responsive.
35) 32) text: Nothing but moans and blood. Dr. Redfield frantically ope some desk drawers until he finds smelling salts. He break small capsule under evan's mouth, pinches his bleeding no closed and lets Evan inhale the vapor through his mouth. Evan lurches forward on the couch and falls off. Holding bloody nose.
35) 33) dialog: What happened? Did it work?
35) 34) text: Evan deduces the answer from everyone's horrified faces.
36) 0) text: Andrea drops off Evan, Kayleigh and Tommy outside the com Kayleigh, looking morose, shuts the car door and Andrea d off. They walk through the parking lot.
36) 3) dialog: Would someone just tell me already  what the hell happened in the mailbox?
36) 4) text: On "mailbox", Tommy suddenly grabs Evan's jacket and SHOV him against a parked car. Tommy looks around to make sure nobody heard anything.
36) 6) text: Evan nods, scared. Tommy gives a final shove.
37) 0) text: Kayleigh shuffles behind Evan and Tommy as they head towa the theatre. Evan drops back.
37) 1) dialog: Are you okay?
39) 0) text: The movie's in progress. Evan and Kayleigh sit behind Tom
39) 4) text: Kayleigh, repulsed, suddenly darts from the aisle and run out. Evan follows.
40) 0) text: Evan follows her to a small alcove.
40) 1) dialog: I'm sorry Kayleigh. This was a bad  idea.
40) 3) text: Evan shakes his head "no". She looks devastated.
40) 5) text: She begins to cry. Evan makes sure no one's staring.
40) 6) dialog: It's going to be okay. Lenny'll be  fine. You'll see.
40) 9) dialog: I'm sorry.
40) 12) dialog: Damn. Your dad did this?
40) 15) dialog: What are you talking about? What you  deserve is a better brother and  father. All they do is make you feel  like shit.
40) 17) dialog: You really have no clue how beautiful  you are, do you?
40) 22) text: Tommy rushes through the small crowd at Evan. His hands i fists. Suddenly a FOOT reaches out and trips Tommy. Tommy falls to the floor and the crowd cackles at him. Tommy slowly gets up, locks eyes with Evan. Hatred oozing Evan looks guilty, weakly shaking his head, it's not what you're thinking. Tommy suddenly lunges at the TEEN PUNK who must be at lea a foot taller than he is. Tommy lands a flurry of punches before the Teen Punk can even defend himself, frequently  taking opportunities to eyeball Evan. Evan, Kayleigh and even the punk's FRIENDS look on helple when TWO SECURITY GUARDS SEIZE TOMMY. Tommy valiantly  struggles against them at first. But the moment he realiz it's hopeless, he allows his body to go slack. As Tommy is being dragged away, he turns to Evan, a sick  smile on his face.  Evan and Kayleigh look back, speechle
41) 1) text: Andrea's eyes. Tormented. REVEAL she's driving Evan and Kayleigh home. Evan's up fr and Kayleigh sits behind them. Everyone silent. Andrea stares through the rearview mirror into Kayleigh's eyes. Probing. Searching.
41) 6) text: Kayleigh flinches at the question. And Andrea catches it. Evan can't help but look back at Kayleigh. Oh my god, she knows.
41) 10) text: Andrea stares at Evan, who keeps his eyes facing dead ahe She finally shifts the car into gear.
41) 12) text: Evan says nothing.
43) 0) text: Evan discreetly watches her leave through the window. Gra his coat and exits frame.
44) 0) text: Kayleigh and Evan walk down toward the house.
44) 1) dialog: I can't believe Tommy's still pissed  at me. He knows I'm moving away,  right?
44) 3) dialog: Duck, here they come.
44) 4) text: As a station wagon rolls up the street, Evan and Kayleigh duck in nearby bushes.
44) 6) dialog: He must be. They're letting him go,  right?
44) 7) text: The station wagon finally heads into the driveway. Evan p on a smile and charges the car, pounding the window.
44) 8) dialog: Welcome home, Lenny!
44) 11) text: The smile fades from Evan's face. Kayleigh hangs back.
44) 12) dialog: Sorry?
44) 14) text: Evan and Kayleigh look guilty as the garage door opens up and Mrs. Kagan continues into the garage.
45) 0) text: Alone, Lenny concentrates on a MODEL AIRPLANE. There is a sudden KNOCK at the window. Lenny's head jerks around to Evan and Kayleigh smiling through the window.
46) 0) text: Evan and Kayleigh stand on the ivy-covered trellis.
46) 1) dialog: (quietly) Welcome home. Thought you might like  some fresh air for a change.
46) 5) text: Evan shakes his head "no".
46) 6) dialog: It's cool.
47) 0) text: Evan, Lenny and Kayleigh pass a junk pile in the woods.
47) 3) text: As Evan and Kayleigh absorb this in silence, they see a c of smoke billowing in the horizon.
47) 5) text: Evan and Kayleigh run toward the smoke. Lenny nervously  follows behind. They exit the woods to find:
48) 1) dialog: Crockett!!
48) 2) text: Evan and Kayleigh rush toward the trapped, helpless dog.  Tommy is ready for them. He drops the lighter fluid, pick up a wooden plank and SWINGS! Evan ducks back at the last minute and Tommy accidentally connects with Kayleigh's he Knocking her unconscious.
48) 4) dialog: What's wrong with you?!
48) 5) text: Tommy, enraged, fakes a high swing, then goes for Evan's  knee cap. BASH! Evan doubles over in pain and falls to th ground, clutching his knee. Tommy moves to the fire, Croc squirming inside the bag and picks up the lighter fluid. Evan painfully looks up from the ground and his eyes dart from the sight of Kayleigh, unconscious, to Crockett, tra in the tied gunny sack.
48) 6) dialog: Kayleigh! Wake up!
48) 9) text: Tommy squeezes the bottle hard, creating a flaming fuse f the campfire to the fluid soaked dog. As the flames near Crockett, Evan, seething with rage, st up with clenched fists and CHARGES Tommy at FULL SPEED --
49) 0) text: Evan comes to in an unfamiliar place. Still in running mo His body contorts spastically like a fish on land, since is now lying face down on the ground. Evan regains himself and sits up painfully. His face is b bruised and he clutches his battered ribs.
49) 1) dialog: How long was I out?
49) 2) text: He gets no answer from Lenny, who stands in the exact sam spot. Tommy is nowhere in sight and the sound is of Kayle weeping. Evan spins to face her.
49) 3) dialog: Kayleigh?! Are you okay? Where's  Crockett?
49) 4) text: Kayleigh, her knees drawn tightly to her chest, is unable answer through her tears. Evan struggles to rise but he  becomes dizzy and falls back to the ground. Evan takes a quick glance toward the gunny sack, smoulder then moans and buries his head in his hands.
50) 0) text: A small neighborhood CROWD has gathered to watch an ambul with the SUNNYVALE insignia take an entranced Lenny away. Mrs. Kagan is about to climb in the rear when she stops a turns to Evan.
50) 2) text: Evan stands there, speechless.
51) 0) text: A packed U-HAUL sits in front of Evan's house. Andrea shi the small truck into gear and slowly pulls out. Outside the truck, Kayleigh waves to Evan, tears spilling shamelessly down her cheeks. Evan reaches behind his seat and opens a large cardboard box. It is filled with past  journals. He finds the most recent journal, uncaps a pen writes something. Finished he presses the journal to the window.
51) 3) text: Evan returns the journal and begins writing furiously.
52) 3) text: Evan grabs his psychology textbook from under his seat, g up and turns in his exam.
52) 5) text: Evan flashes a confident smile.
52) 6) dialog: I'm not sure. I might have gotten  some stories mixed up. Did Pavlov  condition his dogs to lick his nuts?
52) 8) dialog: (shrugging) Hey, I got no choice.
53) 0) text: Evan bikes past students.
54) 0) text: Evan bikes past some obnoxious GREEKS.
55) 0) text: Evan docks his bike and carries his knapsack inside.
56) 0) text: Evan's dorm is cluttered "double" whose walls are adorned with head-shop posters of Gothic rock bands. By Evan's bed is a bookshelf filled with books on amnesia memory loss, fugues, hypnotism and other related bands. Evan's roommate, THUMPER, 19, is a completely punked out  Gothic boy who weighs 300 pounds. He currently hands a bl lacy dress to CRICKET, 17, a pierced Goth co-ed. She slip the tattered dress on as Thumper wipes his post-coital se off with a black tee-shirt. Evan barges through the door, throwing his pscyh books on the bed and politely looking away from the half-naked gir
56) 1) dialog: Whoa. Smells like patchouli and...  ass.
56) 2) text: Evan opens the window and checks out his Psych project: a small maze has several flatworms at one end and a bowl of cornflakes at the other.
56) 4) text: Cricket puts on her Doc Martens as Evan watches the worms
56) 6) dialog: Nice to meet you, too.
56) 7) text: As she leaves, Thumper takes the black T-shirt by his wal and throws it on Evan's bed.
56) 9) text: Evan nods thanks, picks up his journal. Reads something a smiles.
56) 10) dialog: Get dressed, Thumper, you're taking  me out for my birthday.
56) 12) dialog: This is bigger. Seven years to the  day. No blackouts.
58) 0) text: A popular watering hole. A dark rustic interior, blasting alternative rock. Plenty of underage students carry pitchers of beer to the tables. Evan and Thumper play pool against two young women. HEIDI beautiful, wears ripped jeans, no make up. She sinks the  eleven ball off the rail. KRISTEN coolly smokes a cigaret confident that she and Heidi will hold the table.
58) 5) text: Thumper steps back, points to Evan.
58) 7) text: Heidi sinks another ball and looks up at Evan strangely.
58) 8) dialog: Actually, they're for a psych project.  A study on memory.
58) 9) text: Heidi misses her shot and passes the cue to Evan.
58) 11) text: Evan speaks as he knocks the one-ball in the corner pocke As he talks, at a table behind them, some obnoxious Greek including HUNTER, SPENCER, and GWEN make fun of Thumper.
58) 12) dialog: It's an experiment with flatworms  and a maze. You take a flatworm and  run it through the maze until he's  memorized it. Then you put a new  flatworm in the maze. He's clueless.  Banging into walls, getting lost,  whatever.
58) 16) text: Thumper seems oblivious to their taunts as Evan knocks th three-ball in the side.
58) 17) dialog: You chop up the smart flatworm and  feed it to the dumb one and presto,  the dumb one suddenly knows the maze  inside and out.
58) 18) text: Evan walks past Heidi, putting his hand on her shoulder t squeeze by. The hand lingers longer than necessary and He doesn't mind. He sinks another ball.
58) 19) dialog: Just by absorbing the first worm  into its cellular structure, it gets  all of the worm's memories.
58) 23) dialog: (setting up the eight) Maybe if I can figure out how the  memories of a simple worm function,  it'll help me understand the  complexities of the human brain.
58) 26) text: Thumper casually takes the pool cue from Evan.
58) 27) dialog: No, I just don't want to lose my  mind.
58) 29) dialog: (to Heidi) I think that's your game.
59) 0) text: Evan and Heidi, making out, burst through the door and fa on the bed. Evan's shirt is unbuttoned and Heidi strokes chest. Suddenly Heidi stops and sniffs the air.
59) 2) dialog: Thumper had a busy afternoon.
59) 4) text: Evan drunkenly crosses the room, grabs two beers from the mini-fridge.
59) 5) dialog: Charisma and eyeliner go a long way,  I guess. Wanna beer?
59) 8) dialog: Yeah. I've been keeping journals  since I was seven.
59) 10) text: Evan chugs his beer and sits next to her on the bed and p his arm around her. Very drunk.
59) 11) dialog: No way, I'd be too embarrassed.
59) 14) text: Evan stops short.
59) 15) dialog: Freeze! No "worm-boy". No "Mr. Worm,"  and no "Worm-Master-General!" Once  you get a nickname like that you  can't shake it. And I don't want  everyone thinking I've got tapeworms  coming out of my ass or something,  okay?
59) 18) dialog: (re: her beer) For courage.
59) 19) text: Evan takes and finishes her beer and begins reading. As h reads, he seems more and more on the verge of passing out
59) 20) dialog: It's like my mind refused to believe  what it was seeing. Hearing Crockett  make those awful screams... Just  writing about it gives me the shivers.
59) 21) text: Color drains from Evan's face as he realizes what he's  reading. He looks over at Heidi, who kisses him.
59) 23) dialog: It was like Tommy was possessed or  something. There was a hate in his  eyes that I couldn't really call  human.
59) 24) text: As Evan reads, the world seems to ALMOST IMPERCEPTIBLY VI around him LIKE A TUNING FORK. His voice becomes distant SOUNDS ECHO around him like distant memories resurrecting themselves...
60) 0) text: Evan is THIRTEEN again. The scene begins exactly where Ev blackout occurred as a child. Tommy has just knocked Kayl unconscious with a wooden plank, Lenny is frozen at the s of Crockett in the fluid-soaked gunny sack. And Evan, see with rage, stands up with clenched fists and CHARGES Tomm at full speed. Evan looks around, utterly confused by his surroundings.
60) 1) dialog: What the hell is going on?
60) 2) text: Before an answer comes, Tommy smiles at his good fortune swings the plank, hitting Evan's head. Evan is sent spraw backwards, his forehead bleeding freely. Tommy knocks Evan hard in the ribs with his boots. Evan  writhes in agony, his face against the ground. Lenny move toward the gunny sack, lifts it and tugs desperately on t rope that traps Crockett inside.
60) 6) text: As if on cue, Lenny does exactly as he's told. His eyes b to glaze over. Evan, beaten and bloody, reaches out with his last bit of strength, grabs Tommy's foot and holds on.
60) 7) dialog: I got him, Lenny. Help Crockett!
60) 8) text: Lenny remains frozen in place. Tommy yanks his leg back,  breaking Evan's grip. Evan groans on the ground in a writhing heap. Tommy's voice hitches. His eyes water from pent up  frustration.
61) 0) text: Evan comes to with Heidi slapping him awake.
61) 1) dialog: Oh my God! No! No!
61) 5) dialog: (freaked out) It didn't feel like a dream.
61) 7) text: Evan doesn't even hear her. After getting his bearings, h grabs his jacket and exits, leaving her dumbfounded.
62) 0) text: Evan drives...
63) 0) text: Evan, exhausted, finally pulls into Lenny's driveway. Ver little has changed in the past seven years.
64) 4) text: Lenny looks up to see Evan, his jaw drops.
64) 5) dialog: Looking around, shocked to see: PAN ALL THE WAY AROUND THE ROOM. Nothing has changed in the past seven years.  The same kids' toys, posters and comic books.
64) 7) dialog: Hey, uh, it's me. Evan.
64) 9) dialog: What's that you're working on? A  model?
64) 11) dialog: Well, you look busy, so maybe I should  make this quick. I'd totally  understand if you didn't want to get  into this right now, but that day at  the junkyard, could you help me  remember what happened? Any details?
64) 12) text: No response. Evan picks up a model airplane from the desk
64) 14) dialog: (containing excitement) Yeah, good, what else do you remember?
64) 16) text: Evan, startled, drops the model on the desk. An epiphany.
64) 17) dialog: Jesus Christ. It really happened.
64) 19) dialog: What if I can get back all my lost  memories with my journals.
64) 20) text: With lightning speed, Lenny jumps from his desk and  unexpectedly shoves EVAN IN TO THE WALL. Squadrons of han planes crash to the floor. Lenny digs his fingers into Ev shoulder.
64) 22) text: Evan is terrified. Then Lenny suddenly moves back and beg working on the model again, his eyes a million miles away Evan is speechless. The door bursts open. Mrs. Kagan looks at the smashed mod airplanes by Evan's feet. Evan ignores her accusing stare
64) 23) dialog: Well, thanks for seeing me, man. I  shouldn't have waited so long.
64) 24) text: When Lenny doesn't respond, Mrs. Kagan hustles Evan back  into the hallway.
65) 0) text: Evan pulls a dozen journals from beneath his bed and begi pouring over them. Nearby, Thumper empties a can of hairspray into his Mohaw
65) 2) dialog: All I know is that I might be able  to unblock some of my repressed  memories.
66) 0) text: Evan has now organized a pile of five journals. He select an entry, begins reading and suddenly closes the journal. Fear covers his face. He holds one of his hands up and is surprised to see it trembling. He opens his journal again and reads out loud.
66) 1) dialog: (reading aloud) The last thing I remember before the  blackout was holding my hands over  Kayleigh's ears... (his voice slowly  fades) I think I was more focused on her  hands on mine than the mailbox across  the street...
67) 0) text: Evan, Kayleigh, Lenny and Tommy, all thirteen, watch the  mailbox across the street with intense anticipation. When Evan comes to in this memory, the lit cigarette abse drops from his mouth and nestles into the folds of his sh SMOLDERING. The mailbox... tick-tock, tick-tock... Like a staring con
67) 5) text: Tommy's words make Evan flinch. From inside the car, a BA begins to cry. Mrs. Halpern walks back to the car. Evan looks on in horror and suddenly clenches his teeth i pain and silently swipes the front of his shirt, sending lit cigarette to the ground. He pulls up his shirt reveal a fresh BURN MARK on his stomach.
67) 13) text: Evan and Kayleigh slowly back away in shock and begin to a few steps when they realize that Lenny isn't with them.
67) 16) text: Lenny doesn't seem to hear, his eyes fixated on the crims road. Evan and Tommy double back and grab him. They try t make him break out into a run, but Lenny's feet drag limp against the ground. Both Tommy and Evan grab an arm and b to run with Lenny through the woods.
68) 0) text: Evan comes to. Lurches his body over the bed and vomits. Sounds of squeaky bed springs fill the room. Looking sick and pale, he lifts his shirt to see a NEW SCAR from the  cigarette burn.
68) 1) dialog: What the hell?
68) 4) text: Evan sits upright in bed and begins writing in the margin of the journal.
69) 0) text: The lobby is decorated with colorful streamers, balloons, posters and banners announcing PARENTS' WEEKEND. Carefree STUDENTS and their parents carry shopping bags t the bustling elevators. Evan leans against the side of a phone, holding his ear to drawn out the noise.
69) 1) dialog: Yes, hello, uh, Mrs. Kagan, this is  Evan Treborn. (rolling eyes) I know. I'm sorry about that. But I  really need to speak with him.
69) 4) dialog: Oh, fine I guess. It's been kind of  crazy lately with my mom coming up,  so I haven't...
69) 6) text: Evan shrugs and forces a smile.
69) 8) dialog: I won't let you down, Professor  Carter.
70) 0) text: A waiter clears the dishes away from Evan and Andrea's ta
70) 2) dialog: Please, mom. People will talk.
70) 4) dialog: Did Da -- Jason --- get good grades?
70) 6) dialog: Ma? Did he ever say that he figured  out a way to recall a lost memory  years after he blacked it out for  the first time?
70) 9) dialog: No, it's just weird with him being  such a brain and all, I just wondered  if he was ever able to remember stuff  he'd forgotten.
70) 11) text: Evan tries not to react.
70) 13) dialog: Sure...
70) 15) dialog: What? What could he do?
70) 18) text: Evan nods, but something gnaws beneath the surface.
71) 0) text: Evan hastily hunts through his journals, tearing up the r looking for a certain book. Thumper, lying on his bed, qu watches Evan with growing concern.
71) 1) dialog: (reading aloud) I never wanted to be in the movie  anyway and it was cold so I wanted  to wear my clothes but Mr. Miller  took his shirt off --
71) 3) dialog: Shhh! I need quiet for this.
71) 6) dialog: What?
71) 10) text: He hands the journal back to Evan. Evan opens it and begi reading it silently. His hands begin to tremble and he slams the book shut in  defeat.
72) 0) text: Evan, looking haggard and frail, wipes the greasy hair fr his eyes and punches the accelerator. His teeth are clenc and he hammers his fist on the dashboard.
73) 0) text: Evan pulls into a parking lot of a country diner. He eyes piece of paper with an address scrawled on it and gets ou
74) 0) text: A run-down greasy spoon. Filled with a number of TOWNIES TRUCKERS. The place is stale with cigarette smoke and app decorated in grime motif. Evan is about to enter when he spots Kayleigh coming out the kitchen with a tray full of food. Kayleigh, now twenty, looks pale and sickly thin. She ban her hip on the swinging door and an order of food crashes the floor. Her BOSS stares back in aggravation.
74) 2) text: Kayleigh's face turns beet red as she bends down to clean the order. She is humiliated and Evan leans back against pay phone so that she can't see him watching her. As she brings the mess inside the kitchen, a CUSTOMER pin her ass. Evan closely studies her reaction to the offense She flinches uncomfortably but then composes a smile for customer. Evan backs out uncomfortably.
75) 0) text: Kayleigh struggles with the zipper of a shabby coat as sh exits. Evan steps out of the shadows. She's startled at f but eventually recognizes him. A smile flickers across he face and she allows herself to be hugged.
75) 2) dialog: Oh, comme si, comme ca, you know...
75) 4) dialog: I'm going to State now. Things are  going okay. I guess. Mom's good...
75) 6) dialog: (declining) Not since we were kids.
75) 8) dialog: So how's Tommy?
75) 10) text: Evan nods and scrutinizes her face with his next question
75) 11) dialog: You still live with your dad?
75) 14) dialog: Wow. That must've taken some courage.
75) 16) dialog: Couldn't you have moved in with your  mom?
75) 19) dialog: Actually, Kayleigh, the reason I  came back to town was to talk to  you.
75) 21) dialog: Remember when I was a kid I had all  these blackouts?
75) 23) dialog: Well, lately some of the memories  have begun to come back and I'd kinda  like to talk to you about one of  them in particular. It'd be a big  help.
75) 25) dialog: When we were kids. Your dad was making  a movie. Robin Hood or something?
75) 27) dialog: It's just... did he... what happened  in the basement?
75) 29) dialog: I know, but...
75) 31) dialog: No, but I think something really bad  might've happened to us.
75) 34) text: Evan's features shift from inquisitory to tenderness. He  steps closer to Kayleigh and softly strokes her face. She flinches at first, but remains in the same spot.
75) 35) dialog: Whatever happened, it wasn't our  fault. You know we couldn't have  stopped it.
75) 37) dialog: Look, Kayleigh. This may sound like  bullshit coming from a guy who hasn't  spoken to you in seven years...
75) 39) dialog: But you were seven years old and  there's nothing you could've done to  deserve...
75) 42) dialog: You can't hate yourself just because  your dad's a twisted freak.
75) 44) text: Kayleigh runs, stops and turns back to Evan.
75) 46) text: She turns and runs away. Evan looks sick with guilt.
76) 0) text: A few GREEKS play frisbee and talk trash. Evan, tired and depressed, sits on the lawn nearby, fingering the new bur scar on his belly. Contemplating...
77) 0) text: Evan enters his dorm. He ignores Thumper, who sits on Eva bed sucking furiously from a gurgling bong. He chokes out message.
77) 2) text: Evan puts a towel under the door.
77) 3) dialog: You can smell it all the way in the  bathroom.
77) 4) text: Evan hits "play" on the answering machine.
77) 6) text: BEEP. Thumper offers Evan a magnified frown of disapprova
77) 8) text: Thumper coughs accidentally, tips the bong over on Evan's bed. Reacting quickly, he grabs a towel from under the do and wipes off Evan's comforter.
77) 10) text: BEEP. Evan stares dumbstruck at the machine.
78) 0) text: Evan, dressed in black, gets out of his car at the edge o the cemetery. A small cluster of friends and family gathe at the grave. Evan grabs a bouquet of roses and begins wa to the grave. When he suddenly spots Mr. Miller and Tommy Evan's hands tense up into fists. He becomes weak in the  knees and stops walking. After an uncomfortable moment of standing still, he retreats to his car and watches the  ceremony from the driver's seat.
79) 0) text: The last of the mourners are filing away. Evan exits his and walks to the deserted grave. He drops the roses on th casket and turns to make sure nobody is watching. Evan reaches into his pocket and pulls out a sheet of pap He unfolds it and leaves it on her gravesite:
80) 0) text: He makes a weighty decision and gets up. He hastily hunts through his journals, looking for a certain book. Evan opens his journal marked "Age 7". He plops on his be and starts writing sideways in the margins.
80) 1) dialog: It's been said that a person's life  is little more than the sum of his  experiences. If that's true, then  I'm not sure I know who I am anymore. (beat) I definitely never knew Kayleigh.
81) 2) text: Evan slowly nods and begins to strip out of his clothes. Miller takes a quick peek at him.
82) 0) text: Mr. Miller puts the camera on a tripod in the basement.  Kayleigh and Evan sit on folding chairs in front of the  camera. Tommy stands at the top of the basement stairs,  looking down.
82) 4) text: Tommy sulks and closes the door. Mr. Miller lowers his vo and speaks to Evan and Kayleigh.
82) 6) text: Kayleigh giggles and covers her mouth with her hand. Evan looks skeptical.
82) 8) text: Kayleigh stops giggling. Evan says nothing.
82) 13) dialog: What time is it?
82) 15) dialog: Wrong answer, fuckbag. This is the  very moment of your reckoning. In  the next thirty seconds you're going  to open one of two doors. The first  door will forever traumatize your  own flesh and blood.
82) 18) dialog: (voice rising) It'll change your daughter from a  beautiful child into an empty shell  whose only concept of trust was  betrayed by her own sick pedophile  father. Ultimately, it'll lead to  her suicide. Nice work, daddy.
82) 20) text: Evan impatiently waves the question.
82) 21) dialog: Let's just say you're being closely  watched, George. Your other option  is to get your porn off the rack and  treat Kayleigh like... oh, let's say  like how a loving father treats his  daughter. Sound okay to you, Papa?
82) 23) dialog: Listen close then, fuckbag. You screw  up again and I swear I'll flat out  castrate you.
82) 25) dialog: One last thing.
82) 26) text: Evan leans over to whisper in Kayleigh's ear. Kayleigh st at the floor, then looks up at her father and shivers. Kayleigh looks into Evan's eyes for support. Evan nods go on. His confidence brings a boldness to her lips.
82) 31) text: As he leaves to pick up her clothes, Evan grins.
82) 32) dialog: What you need to do is discipline  your son Tommy, because the kid's  one sadistic pup.
83) 0) text: A broad smile lines Evan's face as he slowly wakes up fro his slumber. He suddenly grabs his head as if suffering f a pounding migraine.
84) 0) text: Evan pulls Kayleigh around in a little red wagon.
85) 0) text: Evan and Kayleigh play in a tub of balls in the playroom.
86) 0) text: Kayleigh pushes Evan on a tire swing.
87) 0) text: Tommy, glaring at Evan, thrashes the Teen Punk.
90) 0) text: At thirteen, Kayleigh spunkily hops off a GREYHOUND BUS a runs into Evan's arms.
91) 0) text: Still thirteen, Evan peddles his bike by his new house,  Kayleigh riding on the handlebars. More memory flashes of Evan and Kayleigh throughout the t years, they grow up as lovers now:
92) 0) text: Evan and Kayleigh have romantic picnic on a rowboat.
93) 0) text: Evan and Kayleigh watch the sunrise after senior prom.
94) 0) text: Finally the memory assault is over. Evan groans in pain a blood trickles from his nose. An arm reaches over and touches his shoulder.
94) 2) text: Evan whips around to see Kayleigh watching him. Not only Kayleigh alive, but she's a ravishing beauty. Evan lurche back from the shock of seeing Kayleigh and falls to the f She sees Evan's nose bleed and her eyes go wide.
94) 4) text: Evan, still stunned, can do little but stare from the flo
94) 5) dialog: (transfixed by her) Jesus, Kayleigh, you're... (looks around) Incredible.
94) 7) text: He stands in the middle of her bedroom, surrounded by sor plaques and pink preppy decor. Evan, hardly able to take his eyes off her as she hands h a tissue. He reaches for his clothes at the foot of the b and comes up with a Greek-lettered fraternity sweatshirt brown suede jacket.
94) 8) dialog: Where... where are my clothes?
94) 10) text: Evan frowns with distaste, grabs a towel and heads out.
95) 0) text: At the sink, Evan washes the blood off his face and looks his reflection in the mirror. A nearby shower SHUTS OFF.
95) 1) dialog: This is too amazing! Un-fucking-real!
95) 3) text: Evan turns around and sees Gwen, one of the sorority brat from the bar, exit the shower naked.
95) 4) dialog: Whoops. Sorry. My bad.
95) 5) text: Evan blushes and turns back to the mirror through which G dries herself with a towel while staring flirtatiously ba at Evan.
95) 6) dialog: Hey, you were with those assholes  who threw popcorn at Thumper.
95) 7) text: Evan holds his temple in pain as another memory comes to  him.
95) 8) dialog: And your name is... Gwen!
96) 0) text: Kayleigh, wearing a long skirt and tight red sweater, cat the eye of every guy on campus. She and Evan stroll arm i arm through the quad. Somehow, the world seems brighter now. Even the colors se more vibrant when compared to the somewhat grimmer world  we've known. MANY STUDENTS wave to Evan and call his name. He can't  remember all their names but it's kinda cool being the BM Evan takes a long look at her and becomes curious.
96) 1) dialog: Hey, uh, don't go freaking out on me  over this, but do you remember when  your dad first got his video camera? 
96) 3) dialog: I dunno. (goofy smile) Just being weird.
96) 6) text: Kayleigh gives him a big unexpected kiss and walks away.  After a moment of wow, Evan runs off to class himself.
97) 0) text: Evan inserts his last quarter into the lobby pay phone an dials a telephone number.
97) 1) dialog: (to himself) Come on, Mom, be there!
97) 3) dialog: (off-guard) Hi, Mom and, uh, Chuck. Just calling  to say hi and well, call me.
97) 4) text: Evan hangs up the phone, then checks his watch. No, wrist At that moment, Thumper passes Evan in the lobby.
97) 5) dialog: Thumper! What time is it, man?
97) 8) dialog: Huh?
97) 10) text: Thumper walks away, leaving Evan dumbfounded.
98) 0) text: Evan runs into the lecture hall and gets in line behind o STUDENTS who are taking No. 2 pencils from a box on Profe Carter's desk. Evan hears PEOPLE he cannot see calling his name. Somehow it's more creepy than cool. The Professor makes a loud  announcement.
98) 2) dialog: (quietly) I still owe you an essay from last  week. Is there any way I could get  an extension?
98) 4) dialog: (disappointed) Evan Treborn.
98) 6) text: Evan walks up the aisle and takes a seat. As he sits down someone puts his ARM menacingly around Evan's throat. Evan flinches, turns around and sees Hunter, the frat guy Thumper assaulted the other night at Dirty Hank's bar.
98) 7) dialog: Leave me alone, asshole. I didn't  lay a hand on you, okay?
98) 10) dialog: (awkward) We'll find out soon enough.
98) 12) text: Hunter surreptitiously hands Evan a cheat-sheet to the ex Evan's face brightens.
98) 13) dialog: You're kidding. Are these the  answers?!
98) 15) dialog: (holding it lower) Thanks. Wow. Hey, I want to do  something really special for Kayleigh  tomorrow. If I said I needed some  help from you and the brothers...
98) 17) text: Evan nods and smiles as exams are passed down his row.
99) 0) text: Evan and Kayleigh have just finished having sex. She seem incredibly satisfied, but he looks slightly uncomfortable
99) 2) dialog: So it didn't feel... weird?
99) 5) dialog: Yellow.
99) 8) text: As Evan hangs up, he and Kayleigh share a giggle and he  resumes snuggle position.
99) 9) dialog: What do you think it is about us  that makes us so perfect? Like,  looking back, whatever gave you the  nerve to sneak out and visit me after  I moved away?
99) 11) text: Evan smiles to himself. And hugs her tighter.
99) 12) dialog: You think we'll always be together?
99) 16) dialog: Just making sure.
100) 0) text: The pledges of Theta Chi busily gather around Evan, their clothes covered in dirt, food and what might be vomit. Evan, now dressed like his usual self, bangs a wooden spo on a metal salad bowl that a poor THETA CHI PLEDGE wears a hat.
100) 1) dialog: Order, order. So all you rushes know  what you've got to do for me?
100) 3) dialog: Pledges, rushees, same difference.  Now this is a one-time deal. You do  all this for me and I'll never give  you shit again. Promise.
101) 0) text: It's peaceful now. Evan covers Kayleigh's eyes with his h as he leads her through the attic hallways. Both are dres to the nines.
101) 2) dialog: You'll see.
102) 0) text: The wooden door to the rooftop swings open, revealing Kay and Evan. Kayleigh is dazzled by what she sees: The entire roof is decorated with fairy-lights, Chinese  lanterns and hundreds upon hundreds of candles. And elega romantic table for two awaits them, flanked by twelve FOR DRESSED SERVANTS (previously seen pledges) who respectful stare ahead with the utmost class. Two pledges immediately pull out two chairs and stand by. Kayleigh applauds and laughs with delight.
102) 2) dialog: Go on. Sit down.
102) 5) dialog: Simple math. When I woke up this  morning and saw your smile... I knew  that I wanted to spend the rest of  my life with you.
102) 9) text: The moment's gone. Evan and Kayleigh exchange worried loo
103) 0) text: Evan runs down the front lawn to his car, the Honda parke at the bottom of the hill. His face collapses. Evan's car has been trashed and is surrounded by broken g The seats and tires have been slashed, the hood has been  mysteriously yanked off and the steering wheel sits on th roof. The most unnerving thing, however, is a SPIKED LEATHER DO COLLAR hangs off the rearview mirror. By now a crowd has gathered. Evan runs up to people.
103) 1) dialog: (panicked) Did you see who did this? You see  anyone?
103) 5) dialog: How could he get away with this?  Right in front of the goddamn frat  house!
103) 8) text: Kayleigh shudders and Evan puts his arms around her.
104) 0) text: Evan leads Kayleigh into his bedroom and shuts the door.  Evan can't help but look under the bed. No one. He then l the door, reaches into his desk and finds a tiny canister Pepper Spray.
104) 2) dialog: Might'a been nice. (re: pepper spray) Like this is gonna do any good. Maybe  one of the frat guys has a gun.
104) 4) dialog: (shaking the cannister) Yeah, right. Tell that to Crockett.
104) 6) dialog: Don't give me this Oprah-book club  bad upbringing shit, because you  turned out fine.
104) 8) text: Evan sits in silence for a moment, contemplating this.  Kayleigh's eyes plead for him to have compassion.
104) 9) dialog: Fine, then. We'll let campus security  deal with him.
105) 0) text: Kayleigh and Evan walk through the all-but-deserted campu Evan seems especially paranoid. In the distance, some guy vomits loudly.
105) 2) dialog: What do you mean?
105) 4) dialog: Like how?
105) 6) dialog: I walk differently?
105) 8) dialog: I know I've been actin strange lately.  It's just that... I don't want  anything to happen to us.
105) 9) text: The guy along the path gags loudly into the bushes. Kayle and Evan instinctively avert their eyes. Suddenly, Kaylei ears perk and she stops walking mid-stride.
105) 11) dialog: What?
105) 12) text: The guy, wearing Evan's brown suede jacket, suddenly spri to his feet, revealing his face for the first time.
105) 14) text: Tommy has grown in the last seven years. He has long, gre hair and some tattoos. He holds a TIRE THUMPER (a short,  steel bat for truckers) menacingly in his right hand. Evan stands frozen in fear, his hands rooted in his coat  pockets.
105) 15) dialog: Leave us alone you sick fuck!
105) 20) dialog: What the hell are you doing?
105) 22) dialog: (suppressing panic) No one thinks you're a piece of shit,  Tommy.
105) 24) text: Tommy rushes Evan and bashes him with the tire thumper in the shoulder and ribs. Evan goes down. As Tommy prepares to bash his brains in,  Evan whips out the Pepper Spray and nails Tommy in the fa Tommy reels back in pain, covering his eyes with this fre hand. Evan struggles to his feet and circles around Tommy keeping a distance as he douses Tommy with Pepper Spray.  Kayleigh screams. Tommy blindly stumbles around, madly  swinging the tire thumper. Evan charges forward in an  uncontrollable rage, rips the weapon out of Tommy's hands and sprays a lethal dose of pepper spray into Tommy's ope mouth.
105) 26) dialog: He's a fucking maniac!
105) 27) text: Evan knocks Tommy down with the tire thumper. Kayleigh sc and tries to hold Evan back, but he easily wrestles free her. She runs to a blue streetlight on the quad.
105) 28) dialog: He ruined Lenny's life --
105) 29) text: Evan kicks Tommy hard in the ribs. Kayleigh pushes a butt on the "Blue Light" lamp post and an ALARM WAILS.
105) 30) dialog: He killed Crockett -- (kicks him) Murdered that woman and her baby! (kicks again) And he's trying to kill me, Kayleigh!  He's trying to fucking kill me!
105) 31) text: Evan raises the tire thumper for a final attack and swing down OFF CAMERA.
106) 0) text: A SECURITY VEHICLE pulls through the ominous metal gates the large state prison. The vehicle stops and Evan, along with nine other convicts, exit in leg and hand restraints
107) 0) text: Evan, now wearing his standard issue inmate uniform, ente the General Population area of the prison. PRISONERS begi screaming vicious taunts and catcalls at the fresh batch new inmates. Evan tries to keep composed and walks toward his cell. Evan looks up to see one of the men leaning ove the second tier, KARL, a huge muscular con with tattoos o swastikas and other Nazi symbols on his arm, blows a kiss Evan and winks.
108) 0) text: Evan enters a dimly lit cell plastered with pictures of J Christ and various Saints. Burning flames on open cans of shoe polish serve as candles to the large shrine. There is a stained bare mattress on the top bunk. Sitting the bottom bunk is CARLOS, 30s, a massive Hispanic convic covered with faded Indian ink jail tats of Christ in agon Carlos stares at Evan disinterestedly as Evan makes up hi bed on the top bunk.
108) 2) text: Evan nods glumly.
108) 4) dialog: (desperate) Can you protect me?
109) 0) text: Evan sets his tray down at a table filled with Carlos and some other INMATES. No sooner has he sat down to eat, do  eager forks reach onto his tray and steal his food. Carlo shrugs at Evan and offers him a roll.
110) 0) text: Andrea sits across from Evan in the visitor's chamber. He hair is now bottle-blonde. Four inches of Plexiglas separ the two and they talk on monitored phones. Andrea, frazzl twirls an unlit cigarette.
110) 2) dialog: How long will I be in here?
110) 4) dialog: How's Kayleigh doing? She all right?
110) 6) dialog: What about my journals, Mom? Did you  bring the ones I asked for?
110) 9) dialog: Damn it, Mom. I told you I need them  all!
110) 11) text: Evan looks as if he's about to disagree with her, but he  closes his mouth and placates her.
110) 12) dialog: Sure, Mom. You're right. Just try to  tell Kayleigh I'm sorry.
110) 13) text: And officer signals Evan and points to his watch.
110) 15) text: They look at each other and Evan slowly lowers the phone. hangs up, Andrea still pressing her phone to her ear.
111) 0) text: Evan walks closely behind Carlos through a corridor, clut his journals. As he passes Karl, the Neo-Nazi, Karl reach over and firmly grabs Evan's crotch. Evan, totally violated, turns white with rage.
111) 2) text: Evan stands there, stunned, unable to react when -- Another Neo-Nazi, RICK, swats Evan's journals out of his  hands and onto the floor. Life springs back into Evan as rushes for the journals. He and Rick grab the journals at the same time. A minor tug of war.
111) 3) dialog: Let go! They're mine!
111) 4) text: Rick tears them away, Evan coming up with only a few torn pages. Evan sees the damage and goes mental.
111) 5) dialog: Motherfucker!
111) 6) text: Evan swings at Rick and misses. INMATES CHEER! It's on! R lunges for Evan, a brief and painful scuffle ensues, the  journals getting trampled. Suddenly -- The sounds of COCK RIFLES echo through the air. The fight stops instantly as Rick and Evan look up to see --
111) 7) text: OFFICER STATION. Officers aim rifles at the pair. From an upper tier, even more officers with more rifles. Their barrels sight directly at Evan. Rick steps away, qu to maliciously scoop up Evan's torn journals.
111) 9) text: Evan catches his breath, then looks at the remaining few  pages on the floor.
112) 0) text: Evan enters the cell with a few entry pages. He looks thr them. Nothing there. Evan nods depressed, then sees the page from his "Age 7"  journal, grabs Carlos' duct tape and tapes the page over bed.
113) 0) text: Evan, walking toward some White Supremacists, flinches  whenever the occasional INMATE brushes against him. Evan completely paranoid, waiting for an inevitable attack. Ka makes himself visible among them, holding a journal. He r
113) 2) text: The other Supremacists start laughing and calling "looney and "nut job." Evan rushes past them and they make chicke clucks at him.
114) 0) text: Evan and Carlos sit on BLEACHERS that overlook the other  prisoners working out. Evan closely watches Karl and Rick who stare daggers at h from across the yard. A SKINHEAD PASSES SOMETHING with a  white-taped handle to Karl but no officers seem to notice Evan slides closer to Carlos and stares at the Jesus Chri tattoos all over Carlos' back.
114) 1) dialog: You're religious Carlos, you believe  that bit about "the Lord works in  mysterious ways?"
114) 3) dialog: Because I think he sent me to your  cell on purpose. For you to help me.
114) 5) dialog: I ain't bullshitting. Jesus speaks  to me in my dreams.
114) 7) dialog: Pack of smokes says I can prove it  to you.
115) 0) text: Evan holds a tattered journal entry in his hand and finis up a conversation. Carlos looks dumbfounded.
115) 1) dialog: So when I'm out, I need you to watch  my face and hands closely.
115) 3) text: Their conversation stops when a convict rolls a mail cart by, Evan looking up expectantly.
115) 4) dialog: Anything today?
115) 6) text: Disappointed, Evan turns back to Carlos. Holds up his jou entry.
115) 7) dialog: Just tell me if anything weird  happens.
115) 9) dialog: Marks, scars, I dunno. Anything could  happen I guess.
115) 10) text: Evan studies the page.
116) 0) text: Evan, seven, COMES TO in an old familiar place. WE are ba in Mrs. Boswell's first grade class. All of the children  draw colorful pictures. Evan sees some paper spindles sit on Mrs. Boswell's desk. As he heads over to them, Mrs. Bo firmly grabs his shoulders and steers him back to his own desk.
116) 2) text: Evan, defeated, looks over at his blank piece of paper. H smiles mischievously, and grabs some colored pencils.
116) 4) text: Soon enough, an image emerges: Evan holding a knife, stan over a heap of several dead inmates Karl and Rick. When done, he sneaks over to Mrs. Boswell's desk, where t two paper spindles sit. The metal needles reach up and sk a number of paper notes and messages. Evan looks over to see Mrs. Boswell holding up his drawin horrified.
116) 5) dialog: (musically) Oh, Mrs. Boswelllllllll?
116) 6) text: She looks over in time to see Evan using all of his seven year old strength to WHIP his hands down toward the spind The moment before his palms reach them there's a brief in where SOUNDSCAPES COLLIDE and the world behind him VIBRAT
117) 0) text: Evan comes to as ECHOES OF SCREAMING CHILDREN FADE. Alert slowly creeps back up on him as he hears:
117) 2) text: Evan looks up to see Carlos staring at him with reverence
117) 4) text: Evan looks to see two scars in the center of each palm.
117) 5) dialog: What did you see? What did it look  like?
117) 7) dialog: So you believe me?
118) 0) text: Evan nervously approaches. A CREW of Aryans block his pat
118) 1) dialog: I want to make a deal.
118) 2) text: The Aryans laugh, make discrete eye contact with Karl, wh grins and signals to let Evan pass.
119) 0) text: Karl and Rick wait expectantly as Evan nervously enters.  They say nothing, relishing the fearful silence.
119) 1) dialog: Look. I'm new to all this but I think  I get how things work. You gotta  join a gang or else end up dead meat.
119) 3) dialog: Well it sure ain't gonna fucking be  with no niggers or spics. So how do  we do this? You gotta work your way  up, and I'm the new guy. (looking ill) So... should I... I mean, do I suck  your dicks right now?
119) 6) dialog: (angry) I ain't no fucking kike if that's  what you mean.
119) 9) text: Evan nods reluctantly and peacefully drops to his knees.  Karl and Rick lower their pants to their ankles. Evan loo miserable, about to do the deed when -- CARLOS bulldozes  past the Aryans into the room, slamming Karl into the wal and jamming a shank into Karl's crotch! Rick instantly charges Carlos, but trips on the pants aro his ankles. Evan, anticipating Rick's fall, stomps Rick's face before snatching his journals from Karl's shelf. Evan frantically flips through them, hunting for somethin as the other WHITE SUPREMACISTS charge the cell.
119) 10) dialog: Carlos!
119) 11) text: Carlos drops Karl's writhing body to the floor and presse his girth against the cell door. Evan locates an entry and concentrates on the words just the other supremacists force the door open -- Evan focuse on the words. Chanting quickly.
119) 12) dialog: We took the woods behind the junkyard  just to make sure we wouldn't bump  into Tommy. We hadn't seen the smoke  yet.
120) 0) text: Evan, thirteen again, comes to in the woods. Evan stumble at first, then rights himself. He seems strangely exhilar A sinister victory smile.
120) 1) dialog: Rot in hell you fucking animals.
120) 2) text: Kayleigh and Lenny, walking by his side, do a double take Evan shrugs "just kidding" and looks around, getting his  bearings. He whips his hand out and stops them.
120) 3) dialog: Wait. Before we --
120) 4) text: He suddenly notices Kayleigh who now no longer looks an  awkward and unkempt tomboy, but rather a vibrant and femi young girl. Whereas her clothes were loose and unflatteri before, she is now radiant and wears fashionable styles. Evan remembers his mission and darts over to a JUNK PILE.
120) 5) dialog: We need something to cut open the  sack!
120) 6) text: Kayleigh and Lenny stare at him, concerned for his sanity Evan roots through the trash until he finds something: a  razor sharp piece of metal about two feet long. Evan offe it to Lenny.
120) 7) dialog: I want you to take this, Lenny.  Today's your day of atonement. I  know how guilty you feel about that  woman and her baby --
120) 9) dialog: (frantic) Now's the only time! (to Lenny) Today you get a chance to redeem  yourself. Start over with a clean  slate. Tabula rasa --
120) 12) dialog: (desperate; to Lenny) Please. If you've ever trusted me  before, trust me on this one.
120) 13) text: Evan places the metal shard in Lenny's hand.
120) 14) dialog: Cut the rope.
120) 15) text: Lenny slowly follows Evan as he bolts away.
121) 0) text: Evan groans on the ground, writhing. Tommy's voice hitche eyes watering from pent up frustration.
121) 2) dialog: I'll do whatever you want. You don't  want me to ever see Kayleigh again,  fine. Just let Crockett go. Besides,  you kill him now and they'll stick  you in juvy for sure. And I know  you'd never leave your sister alone  with your father.
121) 3) text: Evan's words hit home and Tommy's anger slowly dissipates look of understanding passes between them. Gratitude, eve Tommy looks at the sack and begins to untie it. Lenny com screaming from nowhere like a bat out of hell! With all o the force he can muster, he jams the metal shard all the through Tommy's throat! Tommy clutches his throat, gagging in blood. Evan surveys the scene in shock:
121) 4) dialog: Oh fuck, Lenny, no!
122) 0) text: Evan comes to in a familiar place. His original college d ONLY BACKWARDS.
122) 1) dialog: Christ. Help me.
122) 2) text: He sits upright in bed and takes in his surroundings. Whe suddenly, Evan clutches his head in severe pain.
124) 0) text: Memories of Evan's vandalized car fade to BLACK and WHITE and dissipate.
128) 0) text: Evan's eyes roll back in his head. He shakes uncontrollab and blood pours from his nose. Thumper opens the door, sees Evan convulsing and jumps ba in horror. He scans the hallways for assistance.
129) 0) text: Evan lies on an examining table undergoing another series CAT-scans. The machines are now state of the art and the room has been redecorated.
130) 0) text: Andrea nervously chews her fingernails as she watches Dr. Redfield post CAT-scan results on the light box. A young  nurse pushes Evan, in a wheelchair, into the doctor's off
130) 1) dialog: Okay, doc. What's the damage? How  much time have I got?
130) 4) dialog: Are you sure? Not even with my father?
130) 8) text: Dr. Redfield points to the CAT-scan slides, specifically, the outer lining of Evan's brain.
130) 10) dialog: (nonplussed) Lemme guess. Would that be where the  memories are stored?
130) 13) text: Andrea stares at him blankly. Evan impatiently "pops whee in the wheel chair.
130) 15) dialog: (to Andrea) He's saying it's like forty years  worth of new memories have been jammed  in my brain since last year. Overload  city. 'Sat about the gist of it,  doc?
130) 16) text: Dr. Redfield nods, awed by Evan's effortless interpretati Evan springs out of the wheelchair and stretches his legs
130) 17) dialog: (to Andrea) Mind if I wait in the car? The  lighting here bugs my eyes.
130) 18) text: Andrea nods. Evan shakes Dr. Redfield's hand.
130) 19) dialog: Well, it's nice seeing you again.  But you know, people to see, things  to read...
130) 20) text: Andrea shoots Dr. Redfield an apologetic look. Evan heads out the door, accidentally knocking Dr. Redfield's jacket the floor. He shrugs apologetically and re-hangs it.
131) 0) text: Outside the office, Evan inspects Dr. Redfield's KEYS and attached SECURITY CARD and smiles. Evan covertly winds hi through the maze of corridors, careful not to be seen by staff. He finally sees a wing marked "CRIMINALLY INSANE". Evan l around to make certain he's not being watched, then uses security card to open the door. He looks in every room of the wing until he finds --
132) 0) text: Evan unlocks the door and is moved by what he sees. Lenny is strapped onto a metal bed, his arms and legs in  tight leather restraints. The dark five o'clock shadow an his malicious grin radiate evil. His black and haunting eyes personify hate and murderous  intent. Lenny seems neither surprised or happy to see Evan. That if he's aware of Evan's presence at all...
132) 1) dialog: Is there anything you need? Anything  I can get you?
132) 3) dialog: What about the models, man? Bet I  can get you a shitload of models up  in here.
132) 4) text: Still nothing. Not even a glance in his direction. Evan s and gives up.
132) 5) dialog: Okay, Lenny. Just wanted to say "hi".
132) 6) text: Evan turns around to leave.
132) 8) dialog: (jaw dropped) Y... yes. I guess I did.
132) 11) text: Evan backs away, face guilt-stricken.
133) 0) text: Evan enters his dormroom (where everything's backwards),  reaches under his bed and is relieved to find the journal marked "AGE 7".
134) 0) text: Evan is ignored by several Theta Chi pledges as he plops  himself by a tree and hunts through his journal to find t entry from when he was seven and visited Jason at Sunnyva
134) 2) dialog: (as if reciting a  mantra) Today I get to meet my father. His  name is Jason and he is crazy...
134) 3) text: Evan gets some strange looks, but continues. As he does, trees and frisbee-playing students behind him VIBRATE and SHUDDER.
135) 0) text: Seven-year old Evan comes to during the time he first met his father, Jason. Jason waits patiently for young Evan to finish his senten
135) 2) dialog: Look, Jason, I need some fast answers  if I'm ever gonna fix what I've done.
135) 5) dialog: But it didn't. And now I need info  to make things right again and you're  the only one who can give it to me.
135) 7) dialog: Who's to say you can't make things  better?
135) 8) text: Jason seems extremely upset to hear Evan say this.
135) 10) dialog: Bullshit. I'll send you a postcard  when I've made everything perfect  again.
135) 11) text: Jason launches himself across the table, shackles and all and grabs hold of Evan's throat.
136) 0) text: Evan's hands instinctively reach for his throat, then he  realizes his surroundings. Heartbroken, he shuts the jour and stands up shakily.
137) 0) text: Evan eats in the same diner where Kayleigh used to work. he eats, his arm sits in front of his plate, protectively Guarding his food.
137) 2) dialog: Huh?
137) 4) dialog: (defensively) I come from a big family.
137) 6) dialog: None taken. Hey, uh, does Kayleigh  Miller still work here?
138) 0) text: Evan slowly walks up the driveway, which is now a dilapid mess. Garbage litters the front lawn and paint chips rot the sides of the house. Inside, Mr. Miller yells at someo
138) 2) text: Mr. Miller opens the door and sees Evan.
138) 4) text: In a blur, Evan grabs Mr. Miller's shirt and violently sh him through the house and into a wall.
138) 5) dialog: Good guess, fuckbag. (off Miller's startled  face) Remember me now? We had a great chat  once when I was seven.
138) 7) dialog: One question, fuckbag. Where can I  find your daughter?
139) 0) text: Evan walks past some junkies and enters.
140) 0) text: Evan steps over some passed out bodies that litter the ha of an incredibly seedy motel. The kind with hourly rates. knocks on a door. Kayleigh, now haggard, strung-out junkie, opens the door immediately the contempt for Evan grows in her eyes. She  puts out an expression of disappointment.
140) 2) dialog: Nice to see you, too. Can I come in?
141) 0) text: The room is dirty and sparse, excepting charred-bottom sp yellowed cotton balls and brown-spotted squares of tin fo Evan doesn't hesitate to sit on the "soiled" bed.
141) 2) text: Evan can't speak. His eyes begin to water.
141) 3) dialog: I just needed to see... a friendly  face.
141) 6) text: Evan reaches for his wallet and throws it on her dresser. Kayleigh eyes the wallet. But makes no move to pick it up
141) 8) text: Tears fall freely from Evan's eyes.
141) 10) dialog: I get it. You can drop it now.
141) 12) dialog: No. Just that you need to hurt me  with it. I've been where you've been.
141) 14) dialog: The bottom. When you're just a piece  of meat waiting for the next attack.
141) 15) text: Kayleigh watches Evan silently.
141) 17) dialog: You wouldn't believe me. I mean,  people always say, "You wouldn't  believe me", but in this case, it's  not even worth trying.
141) 19) dialog: Why's that?
141) 21) dialog: Different? How?
141) 23) dialog: Yeah?
141) 25) dialog: Do you remember when I was a kid and  I had those blackouts?
141) 26) text: Evan continues and Kayleigh listens with a mixture of int interest and matched skepticism.
142) 2) dialog: I never thought you would. That's  why I've never bothered to tell a  soul until now, and why I never will  again.
142) 4) dialog: I couldn't give a shit if you believe  me or not, and frankly I'm too tired  to prove it to you.
142) 6) dialog: (tired) Shit. I dunno. How would I know about  the twin moles on your inner thigh?
142) 8) dialog: Then forget that. How about... you  prefer the smell of a skunk to  flowers, you hate cilantro because  for reasons unknown to you, it reminds  you of your step-sister.
142) 10) dialog: Oh! And when you orgasm, your toes  go numb. I'm sure your clientele  aren't privy to that one.
142) 12) dialog: I just thought you should know.
142) 14) dialog: That I didn't leave you there to  rot.
142) 17) dialog: Which is?
142) 19) text: She opens Evan's wallet and leaves a twenty on the table.
142) 21) dialog: Don't think I'll need it where I'm  going.
142) 23) dialog: I'm over it. Whenever I try to help  anyone it all turns to shit.
143) 0) text: Evan enters his familiar looking dorm and hears the famil sounds of Thumper having sex with another naked GOTHIC CO ED. On Evan's bed.
143) 1) dialog: Get out. Both of you.
143) 3) text: Evan's temper flares and he picks up a chair and SMASHES against a wall above Thumper's head.
143) 4) dialog: I'm not saying it again.
143) 5) text: Thumper and the co-ed quickly cover themselves in the bla and leave. Alone in the room, Evan looks under his bed an breathes a sigh of relief to see all of his journals are  intact. He sifts through them again. He finally finds the passage he needs. Something catches the corner of Evan's  eyes and he turns to examine it. To the left of Thumper's Buddha statuette sits a large VO CANDLE that bears a portrait of Jesus Christ.
143) 6) dialog: (humble) Lord give me the strength and guidance  I need to set things right.
144) 0) text: Evan comes to as he, Kayleigh, Lenny and Tommy -- all thi watch Mrs. Halpern carry her baby back to the mailbox acr the street with intense anticipation. Evan suddenly comes life and makes himself visible, running across the street shouting.
144) 1) dialog: Lady, stay back! Don't go near the  mailbox!
144) 3) dialog: I mean it, woman! Get the hell back!
144) 4) text: Lenny comes running across the street to Evan's aid, and  Tommy shrugs and follows after him.
144) 6) text: Tommy, still running, cringes to hear Lenny's stupid  confession and rolls his eyes at the situation. Evan posi himself between Mrs. Halpern and the mailbox, frantically waving his hand at her to stay back, because she's STILL  COMING.
144) 8) text: Tommy takes a running dive at Mrs. Halpern, perhaps a bit too hard, and sends her and the baby to the pavement, hur but no major injuries. Seeing things are safe, Evan backs away from the mail --
145) 0) text: Evan comes to back in his dorm, the same posters are on t wall, the sheets are the same. Even the familiar sounds o Thumper having sex under the covers.
145) 1) dialog: I thought I told you two to beat it.
145) 2) text: Evan's face falls as he hears a familiar voice, but not  Thumper's.
145) 4) text: Evan is confused by Lenny's presence, but smiles to himse and shakes his head "no".
145) 5) dialog: No, it's cool. (re: Lenny's okay) Really cool.
145) 6) text: Evan yawns, bringing his hand to his mouth, but there's n hand. No arm, really, either. Just two FLESHY STUMPS! Evan bolts upright in bed and stares down at his amputati
146) 0) text: Tommy and Kayleigh load popcorn and drinks onto Evan's la as Lenny pushes the wheelchair.
147) 0) text: Evan celebrates his 14th birthday and blows out the candl Andrea, Kayleigh, Tommy and Lenny all clap.
148) 0) text: Tommy pushes Evan to church.
149) 0) text: Evan screams as blood pours from his nose. Lenny is out o bed at once to help him... as is KAYLEIGH! (Now beautiful and natural looking).
150) 0) text: Lenny and Kayleigh, as teens, sit together with Evan at t far end of the boat.
151) 0) text: Evan looks on longingly as Lenny and Kayleigh become love in high school.
152) 0) text: A campfire. Evan sips from a BEER CAP as Lenny and Kaylei make out in plain sight with Tommy's bashful approval.
153) 0) text: Evan's in agony as Kayleigh opens a series of dorm doors Lenny rushes Evan's wheelchair through. Kayleigh carries pair of prosthetic arms in her hands. Evan moans and tries to rub his temple with his stump.
153) 1) dialog: Where are we going?
153) 3) dialog: Stop! Take me back!
153) 5) text: Evan launches his body forward and spills clumsily out of the wheelchair. Lenny must halt in order not to crush Eva As Evan writhes about on the floor, his legs paralyzed, a CROWD GATHERS. Evan focuses on Lenny, but it's hard to ignore the crowd  that titters and snickers in the background.
153) 6) dialog: Take me back, Lenny! (teeth clenched) You owe me that much.
154) 0) text: It's calm now. Lenny and Kayleigh push Evan's wheelchair  around the quad. Evan now wears prosthetic arms. Random P call out to Lenny. He's extremely popular in this world.
154) 2) text: Lenny pushes Evan past Thumper and Cricket. Their convers stops and they stare at their feet as Evan gets wheeled b Evan boils to be treated as if he were non-existent.
154) 4) text: Evan spins around in fear. He sees Tommy, clean-cut, and  handing out flyers in front of a banner that reads "Campu Crusade for Christ." Tommy seems good-natured now, workin hard and soliciting names for his list. He looks up as Ev rolls along and his eyes brighten to see Evan.
154) 6) dialog: Oh goody, nothing like spinning my  chair around to a techno mix of Hava  Nagila til I puke.
154) 9) dialog: Forget it. What's the point of Psych  now? Tomorrow I could wake up as  some dirt farmer in Bangladesh.
154) 10) text: Another exchanged glance. Kayleigh looks at Evan.
154) 12) text: Evan allows Kayleigh to roll him away from the others. To the very spot where Evan once killed Tommy. Evan stares at his prosthetic hand which he can "magicall will to open, close, open, close...
154) 13) dialog: So Tommy's really into this Jesus  kick, huh?
154) 16) dialog: He saved Mrs. Halpern? Please, the  twisted fuck.
154) 19) dialog: (re: prosthetic arms) Yeah, I think I gotta get these fixed  or something.
154) 21) dialog: Kayleigh? Do you ever think about  "us?" I mean, wonder if it could  ever have been different between the  two of us?
154) 23) dialog: I was?
154) 25) dialog: I don't get it.
154) 27) dialog: I never knew that. So then you still  sometimes think of us... together?
154) 29) dialog: (hopeful) And...?
154) 31) dialog: Then you think it might have worked  out?
154) 33) text: She looks into his eyes and shrugs almost apologetically. Tears streak down Evan's face as he speaks in a pleading  tone.
154) 34) dialog: Would it make any difference if I  told you that no one could possibly  love anyone as much as I love you?
154) 35) text: Kayleigh shakes her head sadly, then suddenly looks up. E turns to see Lenny waving her over. She puts her hand on  Evan's shoulder, stands and goes to Lenny. Evan can't take his eyes off her.
154) 36) text: Lenny kissing Kayleigh. In painful slo-mo. Evan turns awa utterly heartbroken.
155) 1) text: Evan's stump turns on a BATHTUB FAUCET.
155) 4) text: Tommy casually turns off the water, then pops open the DR The water level lowers to Evan's mouth.
155) 5) dialog: But you, Kayleigh and Lenny like  toast. And that's really all that  matters now.
155) 6) text: Tommy feels Evan's anguish and plops his ass on the wet f by the tub. He lays his head onto Evan's shoulder. Evan bristles at first, but finally gives in to his hatre ultimately resting his own head against Tommy's. Taking t comfort offered.
156) 0) text: Tommy rolls Evan through a quiet hospital corridor.
156) 1) dialog: (looking around) What, did mom get transferred again?
156) 2) text: Tommy frowns, confused, then rolls Evan into --
157) 0) text: Evan is startled to see Andrea hooked up to several IV's, oxygen tank and a respirator. Several oxygen hoses connec to a tracheotomy tube. Tommy smiles and kisses Andrea on the cheek. She tousles hair in return. Evan can hardly speak. As Tommy begins to wheel Evan's ch closer to Andrea's bedside, Andrea utters a faint whisper
157) 2) text: Evan eyes her MEDICAL CLIPBOARD as he's wheeled by.
157) 3) dialog: (reading) Lung cancer?
157) 5) text: Andrea flinches to hear this. Evan stares at her, eyes wi
157) 6) dialog: Right... You started chain smoking  after I blew myself up.
157) 7) text: Evan suddenly seems sick with guilt.
157) 8) dialog: There must be a way to fix this.
157) 10) dialog: I just need the entry about the  blockbuster. Wait, shit, no arms. I  never even got the chance to write  it.
157) 14) dialog: Mom. Don't cry. I can change this.
157) 17) dialog: Come on, Mom. Just 'cause Dad was my  age when he started going crazy  doesn't mean that I'm nuts.
157) 20) dialog: You told me that on Parents' Weekend.  Remember? Wait, that wasn't me. Or  you.
157) 23) dialog: Don't worry. I'm gonna get you out  of here.
158) 0) text: Lenny tears through old cardboard boxes in Evan's closet. Evan watches nearby.
158) 2) dialog: My mom packed for me. I think she  sent everything I ever owned. So  we'll see.
158) 3) text: Evan watches Lenny eagerly as he dumps tons of Evan's jun on the floor. Old report cards, books, toys and photo alb fall on the floor.
158) 5) text: Evan beams when he sees Lenny holding his old journal. AG 7.
158) 7) dialog: Duly noted. Now I'm gonna ask you  for one last favor.
158) 9) dialog: Shhh. I need to concentrate on the  blockbuster if I'm gonna destroy it.
158) 11) dialog: If I hadn't blown my arms off, Mom  never woulda started smoking in the  first place. Now shhhh.
158) 12) text: Lenny, utterly baffled, sits back in silence and watches  Evan begin reading his journal to himself for a beat.
159) 0) text: Evan comes to in his childhood kitchen. He is only seven  years old. He coughs up Lucky Charms that have "magically appeared in his mouth. On a journal before him is the rec written passage:
159) 2) dialog: Yes. Now how do I destroy the  blockbuster?
159) 3) text: He rummages through the utensil drawer and pulls out a la butcher knife and grabs it. He tucks it into his sock but won't fit. He's still debating what to do when: ANDREA WALKS IN and is startled by the unexpected sight o Evan holding a huge knife. Evan sees her but remains expressionless. Andrea's face  blanches.
160) 0) text: Evan comes to to find Lenny still staring at him. Waiting for something big to happen.
160) 1) dialog: Well, that didn't work...
160) 2) text: Evan flips a single page of his journal and tries again. reads to himself, then relaxes his head --
161) 0) text: Evan, seven again, stands in the basement dressed in his  Robin Hood costume as Mr. Miller prepares for the sex sce
161) 2) text: Kayleigh giggles. There seems to be a new glint of  intelligence in Evan's eyes as he adjusts to his new  surroundings.
161) 3) dialog: Wait! I need my belt!
161) 4) text: Mr. Miller is puzzled, but watches Evan SKIP to the firep
161) 5) dialog: (overly childlike) Loo loo, skip to my loo. Loo loo,  skip to my loo.
161) 6) text: Mr. Miller puts his eye back to the viewfinder as Evan qu finds Mr. Miller's old army thermos in the bottom drawer the dresser, opens it and shakes out the blockbuster.
161) 7) dialog: Loo, loo, skip to my loo.
161) 10) text: Mr. Miller finally turns around and sees Evan banging the blockbuster on the table. Shock registers in Mr. Miller's eyes and he takes a step towards Evan.
161) 11) dialog: Back off, fuckbag!
161) 12) text: Mr. Miller freezes on that, and Evan smiles at him.
161) 13) dialog: Amazing. That word never fails to  make an impression with you...
161) 14) text: Mr. Miller takes a slow, non-threatening step toward Evan
161) 16) dialog: And I'll tell the Child Protective  Services about your kiddie porn  endeavors. One step closer and I'll  shove this up your ass!
161) 17) text: Kayleigh's mouth hangs open with utter amazement at the s Tommy, hiding at the top of the stairs, slowly creeps dow to get a better view. Evan rummages in the bureau and finds the wooden "strike  anywhere" matches used at thirteen to light his cigarette
161) 19) dialog: Been there, done that.
161) 20) text: Evan, standing near the fireplace, defiantly strikes the  match with this thumb and lowers the flame to the short f Mr. Miller charges Evan just as the fuse is lit! Mr. Mill knocks the blockbuster from Evan's hand and it rolls towa the other side of the room, resting peacefully against th video camera. Kayleigh's eyes are dazzled by the sparkling fuse and she bends down to pick it up --
163) 0) text: Evan, twenty, wakes up with a bloody nose.
163) 1) dialog: Oh God, Kayleigh...
163) 2) text: Evan gets a new series of QUICK IMAGES and FLASHED FACES.
164) 0) text: Evan (now seven) is institutionalized before a judge.
165) 0) text: Evan (seven through twelve) GROWS UP in an institution.
166) 0) text: Evan undergoes years of therapy under Redfield's care.
167) 0) text: Evan lies in a room, same posters from college adorn the  walls. Blood flows freely now.
167) 1) dialog: (sobbing uncontrollably) Kayleigh... no! You can't die again!  I won't let this happen. I won't!
167) 2) text: Evan fights off the pain and looks under his bed for  something.
167) 3) dialog: Where are they?!
168) 0) text: Evan runs into Dr. Redfield's office just as another pati is leaving.
168) 2) dialog: Where are my goddamn books?
168) 4) dialog: My journals! Where are they?
168) 5) text: The doctor looks heartbroken, as if Evan has had a relaps
168) 7) text: Evan looks stunned. Refusing to believe it.
168) 9) dialog: But I... I need those books.
168) 11) dialog: Photos?
168) 12) text: Evan's eyes roll back and he collapses lifelessly to the  floor.
169) 0) text: Evan lies on a platform and gets another series of CAT-sc
170) 0) text: Evan, no longer incapacitated, stares out the window into the darkness. Alone. Trapped. Hopeless.
171) 5) text: Andrea begins to break down in tears. Evan secretly liste in from the hallway. His gaunt face looks deep in thought. He takes a breath a enters the lab, making sure not to look directly at his  weeping mother.
171) 6) dialog: Hey, Mom, didja remember to bring  those goofy old home movies we used  to make?
172) 0) text: Evan sees no one is watching him in the institution corri as he throws his weight into the door of the doctor's off breaking it open. Sporadically, severe VIBRATIONS invade Evan's environment threatening to distract him from his mission.
173) 0) text: Evan enters the office and tears the file cabinets apart, looking for something. His nose bleeds profusely and he repeatedly wipes the blo off his face with irritation. Evan sees a cardboard marked TREBORN, E. Grabs it and hid under the doctor's desk.
175) 0) text: Evan, under the doctor's desk, grabs some paper and begin writing in shorthand.
175) 1) dialog: If anyone finds this, then I guess  my plan didn't work and I'm already  dead.
175) 3) dialog: But I -- I can just go back to the  beginning of all this, I might be  able to save her.
177) 0) text: The cardboard box is overturned. Evan finishes threading SUPER-8 film projector and turns it on. Careful not to le any light spill against the wall, Evan projects it at the underside of the desk. We see familiar home movie footage from his childhood: Le 5, has a birthday party. Kayleigh is there.
178) 0) text: Evan, 5, comes to at a birthday party. He's unexpectedly  gently prodded forward by Andrea.
178) 2) text: Evan slowly approaches Kayleigh, only five. She smiles  bashfully at him. An old memory comes back to him.
178) 4) text: Evan slowly looks around the yard, taking in the reality this distant memory. He even inhales the aroma of the place. Savoring the mome He locks eyes with Kayleigh.
178) 6) text: It's time. Evan leans over to Kayleigh as if he's about t kiss her. Then whispers in her ear:
178) 7) dialog: I hate you. If you ever come near me  again, I'll kill you and your whole  family.
178) 10) text: Evan ignores them. He can't take his eyes off Kayleigh.
178) 11) dialog: Goodbye.
179) 0) text: Evan wakes up with a bloody nose. He grabs a pillow and c his head with it as a flood of memories seizes him. Lenny (looking fit) grabs a towel from atop an award-winn flatworms project and hands it to Evan.
179) 2) text: Evan groans and shakes his head "no". He rides out the pa like a seasoned pro. When it finally subsides, he lowers the pillow and smiles feebly.
179) 3) dialog: I'll think I'll be alright this time. (a new hope) I really do.
180) 0) text: Evan opens the door to a concrete room with a large furna He and Lenny carry cardboard boxes.
180) 2) text: Evan nods. They silently dump tons of journals into the f Evan steps outside and returns with a box of home movies, photo albums, old report cards, etc. In they go.
181) 0) text: Evan, a suit now, walks down a city street cradling a cel phone to his ear.
181) 2) dialog: (into phone) Yeah, Ma. I'm running a little late  for lunch. One of my patients had a  breakdown. Anyway, order some soup  in the meantime. See ya soon.
181) 3) text: As he clicks off, an attractive woman wearing a power sui approaches from the other direction. Evan has to look clo but it's Kayleigh. A mature woman, now. He stumbles slightly, caught off guard. As she passes, he eyes linger on his a little longer than necessary, but th no recognition. Evan watches her continue past him and do the sidewalk. After a hesitant beat, he takes a breath, turns around an follows her. FADE TO BLACK. Roll credits...