4) 0) text: A playground. Evan's father, JASON (23), puts a 1-year ol on a slide.
24) 0) text: Evan takes a seat at a long rectangular table. His eyes a fixated on the door on the other side of the room. Finall a dark figure can be seen through the opaque glass. JASON, thirty and haggard looking, enters the room. His e want to sparkle at seeing his son for the first time. But tranquilizers have dulled the effect. Evan's eyes fixate on the leg-restraints and handcuffs th hinder Jason's movement. Finally Jason sits. He smiles warmly and speaks in over-enunciated tones.
24) 1) dialog: It's okay. I won't bite. You've seen  pictures of me, right?
25) 0) text: Evan "comes to" in another unfamiliar place. Rather than  seeing his father across a table, he's looking up at a  ceiling. Blocking his view of the ceiling is Jason, whose face is monstrous with rage, and whose cuffed hands are wrapped a Evan's throat, choking the life out of him.
25) 1) dialog: (through clenched  teeth) I... love... you.
25) 2) text: Suddenly, ORDERLIES tackle Jason from both sides and wedg baton under his jaw to wrench him away. Andrea franticall struggles to rescue Evan from Jason's clutches.
25) 3) dialog: (panicking) He has to die! You don't understand!  It's the only way to stop it!
25) 4) text: Jason wrestles the baton from under his chin, hits an ord in the kneecap and comes for Evan with the baton! Orderly #2 acts quickly, beating Jason with his baton. As Jason makes another desperate grab for Evan, Orderly #2 i forced to bash him in the skull. Down for the count. Andrea hugs Evan, now in shock.
25) 6) text: And ALARM sounds and Andrea tries to cover Evan's eyes, b through her fingers he can see a quick blur of a pool of  blood spreading from Jason's head.
26) 0) text: Dressed in black, Andrea and Evan watch Jason's casket be lowered into the ground. Andrea's tears soak through her  veil. A few feet back, Kayleigh stands behind Evan.
134) 0) text: Evan is ignored by several Theta Chi pledges as he plops  himself by a tree and hunts through his journal to find t entry from when he was seven and visited Jason at Sunnyva
135) 0) text: Seven-year old Evan comes to during the time he first met his father, Jason. Jason waits patiently for young Evan to finish his senten
135) 1) dialog: Are you okay? You looked like you  were somewhere else for a second  there.
135) 3) text: Jason is completely thrown.
135) 4) dialog: I was praying this curse would have  ended with me.
135) 6) dialog: (frustrated) There is no "right". When you change  who people are, you destroy who they  were.
135) 8) text: Jason seems extremely upset to hear Evan say this.
135) 9) dialog: You can't play God, son. It must end  with me. Just by being here, you may  be killing your mother.
135) 11) text: Jason launches himself across the table, shackles and all and grabs hold of Evan's throat.
135) 12) text: As Jason looks down at us, frothing at the mouth, there's trick of the light where Jason's head seems to VIBRATE ag the ceiling.