107) 0) text: Evan, now wearing his standard issue inmate uniform, ente the General Population area of the prison. PRISONERS begi screaming vicious taunts and catcalls at the fresh batch new inmates. Evan tries to keep composed and walks toward his cell. Evan looks up to see one of the men leaning ove the second tier, KARL, a huge muscular con with tattoos o swastikas and other Nazi symbols on his arm, blows a kiss Evan and winks.
111) 0) text: Evan walks closely behind Carlos through a corridor, clut his journals. As he passes Karl, the Neo-Nazi, Karl reach over and firmly grabs Evan's crotch. Evan, totally violated, turns white with rage.
111) 1) dialog: Shit on my dick or blood on my knife.
111) 8) dialog: We'll be comin' for you tonight,  sister.
113) 1) dialog: (from Evan's journal) Today I found my grandfather's death  certificate. He died in a nut house,  just like my father. Mom denies it,  but she thinks I'm gonna end up the  same way...
114) 0) text: Evan and Carlos sit on BLEACHERS that overlook the other  prisoners working out. Evan closely watches Karl and Rick who stare daggers at h from across the yard. A SKINHEAD PASSES SOMETHING with a  white-taped handle to Karl but no officers seem to notice Evan slides closer to Carlos and stares at the Jesus Chri tattoos all over Carlos' back.
116) 4) text: Soon enough, an image emerges: Evan holding a knife, stan over a heap of several dead inmates Karl and Rick. When done, he sneaks over to Mrs. Boswell's desk, where t two paper spindles sit. The metal needles reach up and sk a number of paper notes and messages. Evan looks over to see Mrs. Boswell holding up his drawin horrified.
118) 2) text: The Aryans laugh, make discrete eye contact with Karl, wh grins and signals to let Evan pass.
119) 0) text: Karl and Rick wait expectantly as Evan nervously enters.  They say nothing, relishing the fearful silence.
119) 4) text: Karl and Rick exchange looks.
119) 5) dialog: Is your blood pure?
119) 9) text: Evan nods reluctantly and peacefully drops to his knees.  Karl and Rick lower their pants to their ankles. Evan loo miserable, about to do the deed when -- CARLOS bulldozes  past the Aryans into the room, slamming Karl into the wal and jamming a shank into Karl's crotch! Rick instantly charges Carlos, but trips on the pants aro his ankles. Evan, anticipating Rick's fall, stomps Rick's face before snatching his journals from Karl's shelf. Evan frantically flips through them, hunting for somethin as the other WHITE SUPREMACISTS charge the cell.
119) 11) text: Carlos drops Karl's writhing body to the floor and presse his girth against the cell door. Evan locates an entry and concentrates on the words just the other supremacists force the door open -- Evan focuse on the words. Chanting quickly.
125) 0) text: The faces of Karl and Rick all turn grainy...