5) 0) text: A birthday party for LENNY, 5, a chubby kid with only a f friends. Evan, now 5, is gently prodded by Andrea toward  KAYLEIGH, 5, a quiet sweet-looking girl with beautiful ha Evan clumsily shakes her hand and she quickly leans over kisses his cheek. He blushes and runs to hug his mother's leg. END MONTAGE &amp; TITLES.
8) 2) text: Evan is surprised to see his mother enter with Mrs. Boswe but continues playing with Kayleigh, now seven, a quiet,  sweet-looking girl. Mrs. Boswell leads Andrea over to the teacher's desk.
10) 0) text: The children hang artwork on the walls in prep for Parent Night. Each child has a picture of his or her family made from colored construction paper and macaroni. Evan's pict (no longer sophisticated) depicts his mother, Crockett an himself on a green hill. Tommy and Kayleigh's pictures ea show two kids and a single father. And their 'mother' is  stuck to the far end of page. Lenny beams as he pins-up his picture of an ideal nuclear family. He looks at Tommy's picture and is confused.
10) 3) dialog: Mommy lives far away but she comes  and visits.
10) 13) text: Kayleigh helps Lenny glue a new "mother" in place and she smiles gratefully at Evan. As Evan smiles back at Kayleigh, Mrs. Boswell calmly ente the room in time to see Evan tacking up his butchered fam portrait. She shivers.
19) 0) text: Evan enters the well-kept middle class home and sees his  classmates Kayleigh and Tommy. Kayleigh is dressed in a m shift Medieval gown and Tommy is also dressed in a period costume.
19) 1) dialog: (excited to see Evan) Evan, guess what? Dad got a new video  camera and we're all gonna be in a  movie.
19) 3) dialog: Quit it, Tommy. Evan gets to be Robin  Hood. I'm gonna be Maid Marian, and  you're the Sheriff of Nottingham!
19) 5) dialog: You are, silly. He's a bad sheriff.
20) 0) text: Evan comes to in an unfamiliar place. The rec-room/baseme Evan's eyes dart from the fireplace to Mr. Miller's camer lens and finally to Kayleigh, whose ashen face trembles  slightly. Panic spreads across Evan's face.
20) 7) text: Kayleigh's eyes are unable to leave the floor. She begins adjusting her disheveled clothing. Evan trembles.
26) 0) text: Dressed in black, Andrea and Evan watch Jason's casket be lowered into the ground. Andrea's tears soak through her  veil. A few feet back, Kayleigh stands behind Evan.
26) 2) text: Evan watches the coffin descend, disappearing from sight. Kayleigh steps up to Evan and takes his hand. A moment. A she softly whispers in Evan's ear.
26) 3) dialog: You're better off anyway.
29) 0) text: Evan, Kayleigh, Tommy and Lenny are now THIRTEEN. Evan ex cigarette smoke, taps his ash and finishes sketching a  portrait of Kayleigh in his journal. Tommy wears a leather jacket and now has traces of peach  fuzz on his upper lip. Kayleigh's hair is longer now, albeit stringy and unkempt Evan closes his journal and coolly ignites a STRIKE-ANYWH MATCH with his thumb and lights Kayleigh's cigarette. Eve but Lenny smokes in the basement. Tommy, now with longer hair, ransacks his father's army l looking for something.
29) 4) dialog: (to Tommy) We should go soon. If Dad catches us  smoking down here, we're dead.
29) 6) text: Evan claps his hands and stands up, Lenny and Kayleigh jo him. Finally, Tommy shakes an old army thermos and hears  something rattling inside.
30) 0) text: Tommy leads Evan, Kayleigh and Lenny on a mission through the woods. Everyone smokes except Lenny, yet he's the onl one who's wheezing. He pulls out an inhaler and takes a p
30) 2) dialog: Evan, did I tell you? My mother said  I might be able to visit her this  summer in Orlando with her new family.
30) 4) dialog: (uncomfortable) Where the hell are you taking us  anyway? Just blow something up  already.
32) 2) text: Finally, Lenny throws the bomb in the mailbox. Then sprin like hell to the woods. Kayleigh shakes Lenny's inhaler a hands it to him when he gets back.
32) 6) text: The four watch the mailbox in intense anticipation. Evan  smiles with the cigarette pressed tightly between his lip and places his hands over Kayleigh's ears. She smiles bac at him and presses his hands against her head. Tommy catc this and seems disturbed, and quickly turns back to -- The mailbox. Tick-tock... tick-tock... It's like a starin contest...
33) 3) text: Evan gets up and starts running, then realizes he's not b followed. Kayleigh and Tommy are helping Lenny up and car him. Evan realizes that Lenny's completely dazed. Evan do back, grabs Lenny's arm and he and Tommy drag Lenny throu the woods as fast as they can.
33) 4) dialog: (crying) Oh God... what did we do?
36) 0) text: Andrea drops off Evan, Kayleigh and Tommy outside the com Kayleigh, looking morose, shuts the car door and Andrea d off. They walk through the parking lot.
36) 2) dialog: I'm sorry.
36) 8) text: Tommy's right. Kayleigh clearly doesn't.
37) 0) text: Kayleigh shuffles behind Evan and Tommy as they head towa the theatre. Evan drops back.
37) 2) text: Kayleigh says nothing as Tommy sees the theatre playing S and whispers.
39) 0) text: The movie's in progress. Evan and Kayleigh sit behind Tom
39) 4) text: Kayleigh, repulsed, suddenly darts from the aisle and run out. Evan follows.
40) 2) dialog: You really don't remember anything  that happened?
40) 4) dialog: You're so lucky.
40) 8) dialog: Ouch.
40) 11) dialog: It's not your fault. Mrs. Kagan called  dad and blamed us for what happened  to Lenny.
40) 13) text: Kayleigh pulls back her shirt collar to show an even larg darker bruise.
40) 14) dialog: (looking down) I deserve a lot worse.
40) 22) text: Tommy rushes through the small crowd at Evan. His hands i fists. Suddenly a FOOT reaches out and trips Tommy. Tommy falls to the floor and the crowd cackles at him. Tommy slowly gets up, locks eyes with Evan. Hatred oozing Evan looks guilty, weakly shaking his head, it's not what you're thinking. Tommy suddenly lunges at the TEEN PUNK who must be at lea a foot taller than he is. Tommy lands a flurry of punches before the Teen Punk can even defend himself, frequently  taking opportunities to eyeball Evan. Evan, Kayleigh and even the punk's FRIENDS look on helple when TWO SECURITY GUARDS SEIZE TOMMY. Tommy valiantly  struggles against them at first. But the moment he realiz it's hopeless, he allows his body to go slack. As Tommy is being dragged away, he turns to Evan, a sick  smile on his face.  Evan and Kayleigh look back, speechle
41) 1) text: Andrea's eyes. Tormented. REVEAL she's driving Evan and Kayleigh home. Evan's up fr and Kayleigh sits behind them. Everyone silent. Andrea stares through the rearview mirror into Kayleigh's eyes. Probing. Searching.
41) 3) dialog: Okay.
41) 4) text: Andrea watches Kayleigh. A calculated beat.
41) 6) text: Kayleigh flinches at the question. And Andrea catches it. Evan can't help but look back at Kayleigh. Oh my god, she knows.
41) 7) dialog: (faking poorly) What do you mean?
44) 0) text: Kayleigh and Evan walk down toward the house.
44) 2) dialog: He's been acting real strange lately.  He won't even look me in the eyes  anymore.
44) 4) text: As a station wagon rolls up the street, Evan and Kayleigh duck in nearby bushes.
44) 5) dialog: Did your mom say if Lenny was...  okay?
44) 11) text: The smile fades from Evan's face. Kayleigh hangs back.
44) 14) text: Evan and Kayleigh look guilty as the garage door opens up and Mrs. Kagan continues into the garage.
45) 0) text: Alone, Lenny concentrates on a MODEL AIRPLANE. There is a sudden KNOCK at the window. Lenny's head jerks around to Evan and Kayleigh smiling through the window.
46) 0) text: Evan and Kayleigh stand on the ivy-covered trellis.
46) 2) dialog: Hi, Lenny.
47) 0) text: Evan, Lenny and Kayleigh pass a junk pile in the woods.
47) 1) dialog: (to Lenny) So what did you do in there?
47) 3) text: As Evan and Kayleigh absorb this in silence, they see a c of smoke billowing in the horizon.
47) 4) dialog: Do you see that?
47) 5) text: Evan and Kayleigh run toward the smoke. Lenny nervously  follows behind. They exit the woods to find:
48) 2) text: Evan and Kayleigh rush toward the trapped, helpless dog.  Tommy is ready for them. He drops the lighter fluid, pick up a wooden plank and SWINGS! Evan ducks back at the last minute and Tommy accidentally connects with Kayleigh's he Knocking her unconscious.
48) 5) text: Tommy, enraged, fakes a high swing, then goes for Evan's  knee cap. BASH! Evan doubles over in pain and falls to th ground, clutching his knee. Tommy moves to the fire, Croc squirming inside the bag and picks up the lighter fluid. Evan painfully looks up from the ground and his eyes dart from the sight of Kayleigh, unconscious, to Crockett, tra in the tied gunny sack.
49) 4) text: Kayleigh, her knees drawn tightly to her chest, is unable answer through her tears. Evan struggles to rise but he  becomes dizzy and falls back to the ground. Evan takes a quick glance toward the gunny sack, smoulder then moans and buries his head in his hands.
51) 0) text: A packed U-HAUL sits in front of Evan's house. Andrea shi the small truck into gear and slowly pulls out. Outside the truck, Kayleigh waves to Evan, tears spilling shamelessly down her cheeks. Evan reaches behind his seat and opens a large cardboard box. It is filled with past  journals. He finds the most recent journal, uncaps a pen writes something. Finished he presses the journal to the window.
67) 0) text: Evan, Kayleigh, Lenny and Tommy, all thirteen, watch the  mailbox across the street with intense anticipation. When Evan comes to in this memory, the lit cigarette abse drops from his mouth and nestles into the folds of his sh SMOLDERING. The mailbox... tick-tock, tick-tock... Like a staring con
67) 13) text: Evan and Kayleigh slowly back away in shock and begin to a few steps when they realize that Lenny isn't with them.
67) 15) dialog: Oh my God oh my God...
74) 0) text: A run-down greasy spoon. Filled with a number of TOWNIES TRUCKERS. The place is stale with cigarette smoke and app decorated in grime motif. Evan is about to enter when he spots Kayleigh coming out the kitchen with a tray full of food. Kayleigh, now twenty, looks pale and sickly thin. She ban her hip on the swinging door and an order of food crashes the floor. Her BOSS stares back in aggravation.
74) 2) text: Kayleigh's face turns beet red as she bends down to clean the order. She is humiliated and Evan leans back against pay phone so that she can't see him watching her. As she brings the mess inside the kitchen, a CUSTOMER pin her ass. Evan closely studies her reaction to the offense She flinches uncomfortably but then composes a smile for customer. Evan backs out uncomfortably.
75) 0) text: Kayleigh struggles with the zipper of a shabby coat as sh exits. Evan steps out of the shadows. She's startled at f but eventually recognizes him. A smile flickers across he face and she allows herself to be hugged.
75) 1) dialog: God, Evan! I never thought I'd see  you again. How've you been?
75) 3) dialog: No, Evan. I don't know. It's been a  long time. Fill me in.
75) 5) text: Kayleigh nods and they walk down the street. She reaches  into her pocket, pulls out a pack of smokes.
75) 7) dialog: I've stopped a hundred times.
75) 9) dialog: (takes a long drag) They kept him in juvy for a few years.  Now he works over at Dale's Autobody.
75) 13) dialog: No. I emancipated myself when I was  fifteen.
75) 15) dialog: Not if you remember my dad.
75) 17) dialog: (shaking her head) She had a new family. Not enough  space for me. Said I should have  moved in with her when we were kids.  But... whatever.
75) 20) dialog: (brightening) Me? Are you kidding? Why?
75) 22) dialog: Of course.
75) 24) dialog: Well, sure. I'll try to remember.  Shoot.
75) 26) dialog: (cold) What do you want to know, Evan?
75) 28) dialog: It was a long time ago.
75) 30) dialog: (cold) Is that why you came all the way  back? To ask a lot of stupid questions  about Robin Hood?
75) 32) text: Kayleigh stops walking and crushes her cigarette.
75) 33) dialog: Is there a point to any of this?
75) 34) text: Evan's features shift from inquisitory to tenderness. He  steps closer to Kayleigh and softly strokes her face. She flinches at first, but remains in the same spot.
75) 36) text: Kayleigh begins to tremble. Tears flow.
75) 41) dialog: (defeated) Just shut up, Evan. You're wasting  your breath.
75) 43) dialog: Who are you trying to convince, Evan?!  You come all the way out here to  stir up my shit just because you had  a bad memory!? You want me to cry on  your shoulder and tell you that  everything's all better now? Well  fuck you, Evan! Nothing's gonna be  all better! Okay?! Nothing ever gets  better!
75) 44) text: Kayleigh runs, stops and turns back to Evan.
75) 45) dialog: If I was so wonderful, Evan, why  didn't you ever call me? Why'd you  leave me here to rot?!
82) 0) text: Mr. Miller puts the camera on a tripod in the basement.  Kayleigh and Evan sit on folding chairs in front of the  camera. Tommy stands at the top of the basement stairs,  looking down.
82) 4) text: Tommy sulks and closes the door. Mr. Miller lowers his vo and speaks to Evan and Kayleigh.
82) 6) text: Kayleigh giggles and covers her mouth with her hand. Evan looks skeptical.
82) 8) text: Kayleigh stops giggling. Evan says nothing.
82) 26) text: Evan leans over to whisper in Kayleigh's ear. Kayleigh st at the floor, then looks up at her father and shivers. Kayleigh looks into Evan's eyes for support. Evan nods go on. His confidence brings a boldness to her lips.
82) 27) dialog: Don't you ever touch me again.
82) 29) text: Kayleigh summons her own new courage.
82) 30) dialog: I'm cold. And I'm putting on my  clothes.
84) 0) text: Evan pulls Kayleigh around in a little red wagon.
85) 0) text: Evan and Kayleigh play in a tub of balls in the playroom.
86) 0) text: Kayleigh pushes Evan on a tire swing.
90) 0) text: At thirteen, Kayleigh spunkily hops off a GREYHOUND BUS a runs into Evan's arms.
91) 0) text: Still thirteen, Evan peddles his bike by his new house,  Kayleigh riding on the handlebars. More memory flashes of Evan and Kayleigh throughout the t years, they grow up as lovers now:
92) 0) text: Evan and Kayleigh have romantic picnic on a rowboat.
93) 0) text: Evan and Kayleigh watch the sunrise after senior prom.
94) 1) dialog: Honey, are you all right?
94) 2) text: Evan whips around to see Kayleigh watching him. Not only Kayleigh alive, but she's a ravishing beauty. Evan lurche back from the shock of seeing Kayleigh and falls to the f She sees Evan's nose bleed and her eyes go wide.
94) 3) dialog: Oh my God, Evan. You're bleeding!  Look at you!
94) 6) dialog: (purring) Mmmm... You give good compliment.  Clean up and come back to bed.
94) 9) dialog: Those are your clothes, silly.
96) 0) text: Kayleigh, wearing a long skirt and tight red sweater, cat the eye of every guy on campus. She and Evan stroll arm i arm through the quad. Somehow, the world seems brighter now. Even the colors se more vibrant when compared to the somewhat grimmer world  we've known. MANY STUDENTS wave to Evan and call his name. He can't  remember all their names but it's kinda cool being the BM Evan takes a long look at her and becomes curious.
96) 2) dialog: Well I remember he had one... but  he, like, put it away after the first  day. Why would that freak me out?
96) 4) text: Kayleigh playfully sweeps her leg around to kick him on t ass, then smiles as if a ghost must have done it.
96) 5) dialog: Such a goofus. See you tonight.
96) 6) text: Kayleigh gives him a big unexpected kiss and walks away.  After a moment of wow, Evan runs off to class himself.
99) 0) text: Evan and Kayleigh have just finished having sex. She seem incredibly satisfied, but he looks slightly uncomfortable
99) 1) dialog: Oh my God, that was good. Where'd  you learn all those new tricks?
99) 3) dialog: Yeah, if you call multiple orgasms  weird.
99) 7) dialog: Fuck 'em.
99) 8) text: As Evan hangs up, he and Kayleigh share a giggle and he  resumes snuggle position.
99) 10) dialog: (laughs) As if my dad could've stopped me  from seeing you. What's he gonna do  to me?
99) 14) dialog: That is the plan, right? Hell or  high water?
101) 0) text: It's peaceful now. Evan covers Kayleigh's eyes with his h as he leads her through the attic hallways. Both are dres to the nines.
101) 1) dialog: I don't understand, where are you  taking me?
102) 0) text: The wooden door to the rooftop swings open, revealing Kay and Evan. Kayleigh is dazzled by what she sees: The entire roof is decorated with fairy-lights, Chinese  lanterns and hundreds upon hundreds of candles. And elega romantic table for two awaits them, flanked by twelve FOR DRESSED SERVANTS (previously seen pledges) who respectful stare ahead with the utmost class. Two pledges immediately pull out two chairs and stand by. Kayleigh applauds and laughs with delight.
102) 1) dialog: I don't know what to say. It's  beautiful.
102) 3) text: As she takes a step toward the table -- FLOWER PETALS sho down on her. She looks up to see TWO MORE PLEDGES standin on ladders, delicately tossing pedals. Kayleigh looks overwhelmed as she sits down.
102) 4) dialog: Why are you doing all this for me?
102) 9) text: The moment's gone. Evan and Kayleigh exchange worried loo
103) 4) text: But Kayleigh knows better. She stares at the collar.
103) 8) text: Kayleigh shudders and Evan puts his arms around her.
103) 9) dialog: Don't. He's probably watching.
104) 0) text: Evan leads Kayleigh into his bedroom and shuts the door.  Evan can't help but look under the bed. No one. He then l the door, reaches into his desk and finds a tiny canister Pepper Spray.
104) 1) dialog: It's my fault. I should have told  you he was released a few weeks ago.
104) 3) dialog: Please, Evan. Don't even joke. He  wouldn't hurt you. He's just trying  to scare you away from me.
104) 5) dialog: (quietly) It's not his fault, Evan. You knew  how bad he had it when we were kids.
104) 7) dialog: (quietly) My father never laid a hand on me.  It's like the prick saved it all up  for Tommy.
104) 8) text: Evan sits in silence for a moment, contemplating this.  Kayleigh's eyes plead for him to have compassion.
105) 0) text: Kayleigh and Evan walk through the all-but-deserted campu Evan seems especially paranoid. In the distance, some guy vomits loudly.
105) 1) dialog: Are you okay?
105) 3) dialog: It's just... you've been acting kinda  strange, you know?
105) 5) dialog: I don't know. You seem... different.  You make weird jokes. Your accents  changed. You don't even walk the  same.
105) 7) dialog: I can't put my finger on it, but  everything's a bit off. Even the  dinner tonight. It was beautiful,  but...
105) 10) dialog: Wait. Something's not right. Isn't  that your jacket?
105) 13) dialog: Tommy.
105) 17) dialog: Shut up, Tommy!
105) 24) text: Tommy rushes Evan and bashes him with the tire thumper in the shoulder and ribs. Evan goes down. As Tommy prepares to bash his brains in,  Evan whips out the Pepper Spray and nails Tommy in the fa Tommy reels back in pain, covering his eyes with this fre hand. Evan struggles to his feet and circles around Tommy keeping a distance as he douses Tommy with Pepper Spray.  Kayleigh screams. Tommy blindly stumbles around, madly  swinging the tire thumper. Evan charges forward in an  uncontrollable rage, rips the weapon out of Tommy's hands and sprays a lethal dose of pepper spray into Tommy's ope mouth.
105) 25) dialog: Evan, stop! You're gonna kill him!
105) 27) text: Evan knocks Tommy down with the tire thumper. Kayleigh sc and tries to hold Evan back, but he easily wrestles free her. She runs to a blue streetlight on the quad.
105) 29) text: Evan kicks Tommy hard in the ribs. Kayleigh pushes a butt on the "Blue Light" lamp post and an ALARM WAILS.
120) 2) text: Kayleigh and Lenny, walking by his side, do a double take Evan shrugs "just kidding" and looks around, getting his  bearings. He whips his hand out and stops them.
120) 4) text: He suddenly notices Kayleigh who now no longer looks an  awkward and unkempt tomboy, but rather a vibrant and femi young girl. Whereas her clothes were loose and unflatteri before, she is now radiant and wears fashionable styles. Evan remembers his mission and darts over to a JUNK PILE.
120) 6) text: Kayleigh and Lenny stare at him, concerned for his sanity Evan roots through the trash until he finds something: a  razor sharp piece of metal about two feet long. Evan offe it to Lenny.
120) 8) dialog: Evan. Stop it. It's not the time.
120) 11) dialog: You're acting crazy!
121) 5) text: Lenny drops to the floor, Indian style, wipes the dirt in his hands and freezes up completely. Kayleigh wakes up an SCREAMS when she sees blood spurt from Tommy's throat. Meanwhile, Crockett escapes from the sack.
123) 0) text: Color memories of Kayleigh's sorority fade to BLACK and W and dissipate.
137) 0) text: Evan eats in the same diner where Kayleigh used to work. he eats, his arm sits in front of his plate, protectively Guarding his food.
140) 0) text: Evan steps over some passed out bodies that litter the ha of an incredibly seedy motel. The kind with hourly rates. knocks on a door. Kayleigh, now haggard, strung-out junkie, opens the door immediately the contempt for Evan grows in her eyes. She  puts out an expression of disappointment.
140) 1) dialog: Oh, I thought you were my eight  o'clock. Make it fast, I'm expecting  someone.
140) 4) dialog: If I knew you were coming I'd have  cleaned the stains off the sheets.
141) 1) dialog: What do you want?
141) 5) dialog: Well, time is money, Evan. So you...
141) 6) text: Evan reaches for his wallet and throws it on her dresser. Kayleigh eyes the wallet. But makes no move to pick it up
141) 7) dialog: Well, I guess I can spare ten minutes  for an old friend, right?
141) 9) dialog: So how's tricks? Sorry, occupational  humor.
141) 11) dialog: (angry again) Oh, I'm sorry. Does my line of work  make you uncomfortable, precious?
141) 13) dialog: Ha! Where's that?
141) 15) text: Kayleigh watches Evan silently.
141) 16) dialog: What's happened to you?
141) 18) dialog: I've seen some sickening shit. I  don't blink twice anymore, especially  in your case.
141) 20) dialog: Because you're... different.
141) 22) dialog: Let me ask you a question. Just a  little one that's been gnawing at me  for years.
141) 24) dialog: On the bridge. How did you know that  Tommy had your dog? That was no  fucking hunch.
141) 26) text: Evan continues and Kayleigh listens with a mixture of int interest and matched skepticism.
142) 0) text: Kayleigh finishes a plateful of food at a busy diner. She lights up an after-dinner smoke.
142) 1) dialog: You're right, Evan, I don't believe  you.
142) 3) dialog: I'm the only person you've told?  That's a great line. Does that make  other girls swoon? Do they actually  eat up this bullshit?
142) 5) dialog: Oh? There's proof now?
142) 7) dialog: Anyone with fifty bucks could tell  you that.
142) 9) text: Kayleigh's jaw drops.
142) 11) text: Kayleigh tries to conceal the surprise in her eyes.
142) 13) dialog: Know what?
142) 15) text: Kayleigh flinches as if her should had been invaded, then her eyes fill with distrust and contempt.
142) 16) dialog: There's one major hole in your story.
142) 18) dialog: There is no fuckin' way on this planet  or any other that I was in some  fuckin' sorority.
142) 20) dialog: Sure you don't want your wallet?
142) 22) dialog: Off to change everyone's life again,  is that it? Maybe this time you'll  pop up in some mansion while I wind  up in Tijuana doing the donkey act.
142) 24) dialog: Well, don't give up now, Slick. You've  already done so much for me. Hell,  why don't you go back in time and  save Mrs. Halpern and her baby. Then  maybe Lenny wouldn't freak out and  ruin my family.
142) 26) dialog: Oh, here's one! Go back when I'm  seven and fuck me in front of Daddy's  handicam, you know, straighten me  out a bit...
144) 0) text: Evan comes to as he, Kayleigh, Lenny and Tommy -- all thi watch Mrs. Halpern carry her baby back to the mailbox acr the street with intense anticipation. Evan suddenly comes life and makes himself visible, running across the street shouting.
146) 0) text: Tommy and Kayleigh load popcorn and drinks onto Evan's la as Lenny pushes the wheelchair.
147) 0) text: Evan celebrates his 14th birthday and blows out the candl Andrea, Kayleigh, Tommy and Lenny all clap.
149) 0) text: Evan screams as blood pours from his nose. Lenny is out o bed at once to help him... as is KAYLEIGH! (Now beautiful and natural looking).
150) 0) text: Lenny and Kayleigh, as teens, sit together with Evan at t far end of the boat.
151) 0) text: Evan looks on longingly as Lenny and Kayleigh become love in high school.
153) 0) text: Evan's in agony as Kayleigh opens a series of dorm doors Lenny rushes Evan's wheelchair through. Kayleigh carries pair of prosthetic arms in her hands. Evan moans and tries to rub his temple with his stump.
153) 2) dialog: We have to get you to Sunnyvale.  You're having one of your famous  hemorrhages.
153) 7) text: Kayleigh turns to face the jeering crowd.
153) 8) dialog: What are you geeks looking at? Must  be nice to be so goddamned perfect,  huh? Fucking losers.
154) 0) text: It's calm now. Lenny and Kayleigh push Evan's wheelchair  around the quad. Evan now wears prosthetic arms. Random P call out to Lenny. He's extremely popular in this world.
154) 10) text: Another exchanged glance. Kayleigh looks at Evan.
154) 11) dialog: Let's go for a stroll.
154) 12) text: Evan allows Kayleigh to roll him away from the others. To the very spot where Evan once killed Tommy. Evan stares at his prosthetic hand which he can "magicall will to open, close, open, close...
154) 14) text: Kayleigh looks at him curiously.
154) 15) dialog: You know how spiritual he's gotten  ever since he saved Mrs. Halpern and  Katie.
154) 17) text: Kayleigh, now by a bench. Stops and sits. As she casually uses her foot to turn his chair to face her, she pulls ou granola bar and hands it to him. His prosthetic hand crushes it. It crumbles to dust. She  seems more confused.
154) 18) dialog: Is something the matter?
154) 22) dialog: Sure, Evan, why not? You were the  first person I really ever cared  about.
154) 24) dialog: That's why when I was little I never  went to live with my mother.
154) 26) dialog: (feeding another bite) When my folks split, they gave me  and Tommy a choice who we wanted to  live with. I couldn't stand my dad,  but I knew if I moved to my mom's  I'd never see you again.
154) 28) dialog: It's crossed my mind from time to  time.
154) 30) dialog: Well a lot of things cross my mind.  I've always been a fast thinker, Ev.  I can play out the movie of our entire  lives in under a second. Boom -- we  fall in love -- get married -- two  kids, your keen analytical insight  matched to my generous nature --  kids grow old as do we, relatively  stable relationships, matching burial  plots, the whole bit. It took a lot  longer to spit out than to imagine.
154) 32) dialog: Why not? But that's not how things  wound up. I'm with Lenny, Lenny's  your friend. And there it ends.
154) 35) text: Kayleigh shakes her head sadly, then suddenly looks up. E turns to see Lenny waving her over. She puts her hand on  Evan's shoulder, stands and goes to Lenny. Evan can't take his eyes off her.
154) 36) text: Lenny kissing Kayleigh. In painful slo-mo. Evan turns awa utterly heartbroken.
161) 2) text: Kayleigh giggles. There seems to be a new glint of  intelligence in Evan's eyes as he adjusts to his new  surroundings.
161) 17) text: Kayleigh's mouth hangs open with utter amazement at the s Tommy, hiding at the top of the stairs, slowly creeps dow to get a better view. Evan rummages in the bureau and finds the wooden "strike  anywhere" matches used at thirteen to light his cigarette
161) 20) text: Evan, standing near the fireplace, defiantly strikes the  match with this thumb and lowers the flame to the short f Mr. Miller charges Evan just as the fuse is lit! Mr. Mill knocks the blockbuster from Evan's hand and it rolls towa the other side of the room, resting peacefully against th video camera. Kayleigh's eyes are dazzled by the sparkling fuse and she bends down to pick it up --
177) 0) text: The cardboard box is overturned. Evan finishes threading SUPER-8 film projector and turns it on. Careful not to le any light spill against the wall, Evan projects it at the underside of the desk. We see familiar home movie footage from his childhood: Le 5, has a birthday party. Kayleigh is there.
178) 2) text: Evan slowly approaches Kayleigh, only five. She smiles  bashfully at him. An old memory comes back to him.
178) 3) dialog: When my folks split, they gave me  and Tommy a choice who we wanted to  live with. I couldn't stand my dad,  but I knew if I lived with my mom,  I'd never see you again...
178) 4) text: Evan slowly looks around the yard, taking in the reality this distant memory. He even inhales the aroma of the place. Savoring the mome He locks eyes with Kayleigh.
178) 6) text: It's time. Evan leans over to Kayleigh as if he's about t kiss her. Then whispers in her ear:
178) 8) text: Kayleigh reacts predictably. Bursting into tears and runs into Kayleigh's mother's arms.
178) 10) text: Evan ignores them. He can't take his eyes off Kayleigh.
181) 3) text: As he clicks off, an attractive woman wearing a power sui approaches from the other direction. Evan has to look clo but it's Kayleigh. A mature woman, now. He stumbles slightly, caught off guard. As she passes, he eyes linger on his a little longer than necessary, but th no recognition. Evan watches her continue past him and do the sidewalk. After a hesitant beat, he takes a breath, turns around an follows her. FADE TO BLACK. Roll credits...