5) 0) text: A birthday party for LENNY, 5, a chubby kid with only a f friends. Evan, now 5, is gently prodded by Andrea toward  KAYLEIGH, 5, a quiet sweet-looking girl with beautiful ha Evan clumsily shakes her hand and she quickly leans over kisses his cheek. He blushes and runs to hug his mother's leg. END MONTAGE &amp; TITLES.
8) 0) text: The classroom is filled with screaming, running children. Mrs. Boswell enters the classroom with Andrea and immedia calls out to TOMMY, a tough seven-year old kid who swings whiffle bat at LENNY, now seven, a sniffling, chubby kid.
8) 8) text: The drawing shows a child holding a bloody knife while  standing on a heap of dead bodies. It's extremely  sophisticated for a seven-year old. Some of the corpses h been cut open and the insides are surprisingly anatomical correct. Andrea sees Evan playing with Lenny, harmless as a bunny, and struggles to control her concern.
10) 0) text: The children hang artwork on the walls in prep for Parent Night. Each child has a picture of his or her family made from colored construction paper and macaroni. Evan's pict (no longer sophisticated) depicts his mother, Crockett an himself on a green hill. Tommy and Kayleigh's pictures ea show two kids and a single father. And their 'mother' is  stuck to the far end of page. Lenny beams as he pins-up his picture of an ideal nuclear family. He looks at Tommy's picture and is confused.
10) 1) dialog: You put the mommy too far away. Mrs.  Boswell has macaroni and glue if you  wanna fix it.  
10) 4) dialog: (to Tommy) If I'm retarded, why didn't my mommy  move away from me?
10) 5) text: Tommy gets upset. He swipes his hand down Lenny's picture and his macaroni "mother" crumbles to the floor. Lenny be to cry.
10) 10) text: Lenny, unable to stop crying, begins hyperventilating out control. His desperate gasps for breath are frightening. Evan, scared, looks around for Mrs. Boswell, but cannot f her. He reaches up to his own picture and quickly tears h own macaroni "mother" apart and places it over Lenny's  picture. It's a nuclear family again. Lenny slowly is abl to catch his breath.
10) 11) dialog: (grateful) Can... can... Can I have this?
10) 13) text: Kayleigh helps Lenny glue a new "mother" in place and she smiles gratefully at Evan. As Evan smiles back at Kayleigh, Mrs. Boswell calmly ente the room in time to see Evan tacking up his butchered fam portrait. She shivers.
29) 0) text: Evan, Kayleigh, Tommy and Lenny are now THIRTEEN. Evan ex cigarette smoke, taps his ash and finishes sketching a  portrait of Kayleigh in his journal. Tommy wears a leather jacket and now has traces of peach  fuzz on his upper lip. Kayleigh's hair is longer now, albeit stringy and unkempt Evan closes his journal and coolly ignites a STRIKE-ANYWH MATCH with his thumb and lights Kayleigh's cigarette. Eve but Lenny smokes in the basement. Tommy, now with longer hair, ransacks his father's army l looking for something.
29) 3) text: Tommy absently chucks an old Playboy toward Lenny. Kaylei seems uncomfortable by the sight of it.
29) 6) text: Evan claps his hands and stands up, Lenny and Kayleigh jo him. Finally, Tommy shakes an old army thermos and hears  something rattling inside.
30) 0) text: Tommy leads Evan, Kayleigh and Lenny on a mission through the woods. Everyone smokes except Lenny, yet he's the onl one who's wheezing. He pulls out an inhaler and takes a p
30) 1) dialog: Guys, slow up, would you?
31) 0) text: A MAILBOX sits at the end of the driveway. It's exquisite An exact replica of a Colonial home it serves. Across the street, Tommy hands the blockbuster to Lenny.
31) 2) dialog: (recoiling) What? No frigging way, man. I'm not  touching that thing.
31) 4) dialog: Ain't gonna work this time, buddy.  Look how small that fuse is! I'll  get killed.
31) 8) dialog: Gee, thanks friend.
32) 0) text: Lenny paces back and forth next to the three-story mailbo desperately trying to appear nonchalant. He pretends to n his shoe's untied and bends down to tie it. From the wood the other kids watch anxiously.
32) 2) text: Finally, Lenny throws the bomb in the mailbox. Then sprin like hell to the woods. Kayleigh shakes Lenny's inhaler a hands it to him when he gets back.
32) 3) dialog: (taking puff) Thanks.
32) 4) text: Evan pats Lenny on the back.
33) 3) text: Evan gets up and starts running, then realizes he's not b followed. Kayleigh and Tommy are helping Lenny up and car him. Evan realizes that Lenny's completely dazed. Evan do back, grabs Lenny's arm and he and Tommy drag Lenny throu the woods as fast as they can.
34) 0) text: Andrea's car screeches to the curb of Lenny's house. Lenn mother, Mrs. Kagan, frantically loads Lenny into an ambul As Andrea rushes up to the ambulance, Mrs. Kagan gives he an icy glare and slams the ambulance door in Andrea's fac Andrea turns to Evan, now trembling on the front stoop.
44) 9) text: Inside the car, Lenny jerks back in horror. Mrs. Kagan lo angry as she rolls the window down.
45) 0) text: Alone, Lenny concentrates on a MODEL AIRPLANE. There is a sudden KNOCK at the window. Lenny's head jerks around to Evan and Kayleigh smiling through the window.
46) 3) text: Lenny twitches ever-so-slightly.
46) 4) dialog: Is Tommy with you guys?
46) 7) text: Lenny looks back at the model airplane. Needs to think.
47) 0) text: Evan, Lenny and Kayleigh pass a junk pile in the woods.
47) 2) dialog: It was awful. You can't sleep 'cause  everyone's screaming all night long.  I never want to go back.
47) 5) text: Evan and Kayleigh run toward the smoke. Lenny nervously  follows behind. They exit the woods to find:
49) 2) text: He gets no answer from Lenny, who stands in the exact sam spot. Tommy is nowhere in sight and the sound is of Kayle weeping. Evan spins to face her.
50) 0) text: A small neighborhood CROWD has gathered to watch an ambul with the SUNNYVALE insignia take an entranced Lenny away. Mrs. Kagan is about to climb in the rear when she stops a turns to Evan.
60) 0) text: Evan is THIRTEEN again. The scene begins exactly where Ev blackout occurred as a child. Tommy has just knocked Kayl unconscious with a wooden plank, Lenny is frozen at the s of Crockett in the fluid-soaked gunny sack. And Evan, see with rage, stands up with clenched fists and CHARGES Tomm at full speed. Evan looks around, utterly confused by his surroundings.
60) 2) text: Before an answer comes, Tommy smiles at his good fortune swings the plank, hitting Evan's head. Evan is sent spraw backwards, his forehead bleeding freely. Tommy knocks Evan hard in the ribs with his boots. Evan  writhes in agony, his face against the ground. Lenny move toward the gunny sack, lifts it and tugs desperately on t rope that traps Crockett inside.
60) 3) dialog: I can't undo the rope!
60) 6) text: As if on cue, Lenny does exactly as he's told. His eyes b to glaze over. Evan, beaten and bloody, reaches out with his last bit of strength, grabs Tommy's foot and holds on.
60) 8) text: Lenny remains frozen in place. Tommy yanks his leg back,  breaking Evan's grip. Evan groans on the ground in a writhing heap. Tommy's voice hitches. His eyes water from pent up  frustration.
60) 10) text: Tommy smiles viciously at Lenny, traumatized to watch Tom pick up the lighter fluid and spray a liquid fuse from th campfire to the soaked gunny sack.
63) 0) text: Evan, exhausted, finally pulls into Lenny's driveway. Ver little has changed in the past seven years.
64) 1) dialog: Now 20, making a model airplane. He's still overweight an looks like his mother dresses him.
64) 4) text: Lenny looks up to see Evan, his jaw drops.
64) 8) text: Silence. Lenny frowns.
64) 13) dialog: I couldn't cut the rope.
64) 15) dialog: Drop it or I'll slit your mother's  throat in her sleep.
64) 18) text: Lenny stares out the window.
64) 20) text: With lightning speed, Lenny jumps from his desk and  unexpectedly shoves EVAN IN TO THE WALL. Squadrons of han planes crash to the floor. Lenny digs his fingers into Ev shoulder.
64) 21) dialog: Make one peep and I swear it'll be  your last, motherfucker.
64) 22) text: Evan is terrified. Then Lenny suddenly moves back and beg working on the model again, his eyes a million miles away Evan is speechless. The door bursts open. Mrs. Kagan looks at the smashed mod airplanes by Evan's feet. Evan ignores her accusing stare
64) 24) text: When Lenny doesn't respond, Mrs. Kagan hustles Evan back  into the hallway.
67) 0) text: Evan, Kayleigh, Lenny and Tommy, all thirteen, watch the  mailbox across the street with intense anticipation. When Evan comes to in this memory, the lit cigarette abse drops from his mouth and nestles into the folds of his sh SMOLDERING. The mailbox... tick-tock, tick-tock... Like a staring con
67) 1) dialog: Maybe it went out. Should someone  check it?
67) 3) text: Suddenly a car appears from down the street and slowly pu into the driveway. MRS. HALPERN, 24, an attractive young mother, gets out of the car and walks to the mailbox. Across the street, Tommy digs his fingers into the nerves Lenny's shoulder.
67) 13) text: Evan and Kayleigh slowly back away in shock and begin to a few steps when they realize that Lenny isn't with them.
67) 16) text: Lenny doesn't seem to hear, his eyes fixated on the crims road. Evan and Tommy double back and grab him. They try t make him break out into a run, but Lenny's feet drag limp against the ground. Both Tommy and Evan grab an arm and b to run with Lenny through the woods.
120) 2) text: Kayleigh and Lenny, walking by his side, do a double take Evan shrugs "just kidding" and looks around, getting his  bearings. He whips his hand out and stops them.
120) 6) text: Kayleigh and Lenny stare at him, concerned for his sanity Evan roots through the trash until he finds something: a  razor sharp piece of metal about two feet long. Evan offe it to Lenny.
120) 10) dialog: What are you talking about?
120) 13) text: Evan places the metal shard in Lenny's hand.
120) 15) text: Lenny slowly follows Evan as he bolts away.
121) 3) text: Evan's words hit home and Tommy's anger slowly dissipates look of understanding passes between them. Gratitude, eve Tommy looks at the sack and begins to untie it. Lenny com screaming from nowhere like a bat out of hell! With all o the force he can muster, he jams the metal shard all the through Tommy's throat! Tommy clutches his throat, gagging in blood. Evan surveys the scene in shock:
121) 5) text: Lenny drops to the floor, Indian style, wipes the dirt in his hands and freezes up completely. Kayleigh wakes up an SCREAMS when she sees blood spurt from Tommy's throat. Meanwhile, Crockett escapes from the sack.
121) 6) text: Lenny, silhouetted by the sky, seems to vibrate violently if operating a jack-hammer.
127) 0) text: A new image overwhelms the others: Lenny, 13, with dark,  soulless eyes wearing a straight-jacket in a padded room.
132) 0) text: Evan unlocks the door and is moved by what he sees. Lenny is strapped onto a metal bed, his arms and legs in  tight leather restraints. The dark five o'clock shadow an his malicious grin radiate evil. His black and haunting eyes personify hate and murderous  intent. Lenny seems neither surprised or happy to see Evan. That if he's aware of Evan's presence at all...
132) 2) text: Nothing from Lenny.
132) 7) dialog: You knew the whole time, didn't you? (Evan spins around) When you put the blade in my hand,  you knew something big was going to  happen. Didn't you?!
132) 9) text: Lenny's eyes seethe with hate.
132) 10) dialog: Then you should be where I am. You  should be where I am.
144) 0) text: Evan comes to as he, Kayleigh, Lenny and Tommy -- all thi watch Mrs. Halpern carry her baby back to the mailbox acr the street with intense anticipation. Evan suddenly comes life and makes himself visible, running across the street shouting.
144) 4) text: Lenny comes running across the street to Evan's aid, and  Tommy shrugs and follows after him.
144) 5) dialog: There's a bomb in the mailbox. Get  away!
144) 6) text: Tommy, still running, cringes to hear Lenny's stupid  confession and rolls his eyes at the situation. Evan posi himself between Mrs. Halpern and the mailbox, frantically waving his hand at her to stay back, because she's STILL  COMING.
145) 3) dialog: What? Hey, sorry, man. We wake you  up?
145) 4) text: Evan is confused by Lenny's presence, but smiles to himse and shakes his head "no".
146) 0) text: Tommy and Kayleigh load popcorn and drinks onto Evan's la as Lenny pushes the wheelchair.
147) 0) text: Evan celebrates his 14th birthday and blows out the candl Andrea, Kayleigh, Tommy and Lenny all clap.
149) 0) text: Evan screams as blood pours from his nose. Lenny is out o bed at once to help him... as is KAYLEIGH! (Now beautiful and natural looking).
150) 0) text: Lenny and Kayleigh, as teens, sit together with Evan at t far end of the boat.
151) 0) text: Evan looks on longingly as Lenny and Kayleigh become love in high school.
152) 0) text: A campfire. Evan sips from a BEER CAP as Lenny and Kaylei make out in plain sight with Tommy's bashful approval.
153) 0) text: Evan's in agony as Kayleigh opens a series of dorm doors Lenny rushes Evan's wheelchair through. Kayleigh carries pair of prosthetic arms in her hands. Evan moans and tries to rub his temple with his stump.
153) 4) dialog: Sorry, tough guy, no can do. Your  mother would kill me.
153) 5) text: Evan launches his body forward and spills clumsily out of the wheelchair. Lenny must halt in order not to crush Eva As Evan writhes about on the floor, his legs paralyzed, a CROWD GATHERS. Evan focuses on Lenny, but it's hard to ignore the crowd  that titters and snickers in the background.
154) 0) text: It's calm now. Lenny and Kayleigh push Evan's wheelchair  around the quad. Evan now wears prosthetic arms. Random P call out to Lenny. He's extremely popular in this world.
154) 1) dialog: 'Sup, Sheila! We missed you at the  party! Don't even think I'm giving  you my lab notes either! Think I  like getting up for "eight thirty's"?
154) 2) text: Lenny pushes Evan past Thumper and Cricket. Their convers stops and they stare at their feet as Evan gets wheeled b Evan boils to be treated as if he were non-existent.
154) 3) dialog: Hey, there's Tommy.
154) 7) text: Tommy frowns and exchanges glances with Lenny, who shrugs and nods back to him.
154) 8) dialog: Uh, we should be getting to class  now.
154) 35) text: Kayleigh shakes her head sadly, then suddenly looks up. E turns to see Lenny waving her over. She puts her hand on  Evan's shoulder, stands and goes to Lenny. Evan can't take his eyes off her.
154) 36) text: Lenny kissing Kayleigh. In painful slo-mo. Evan turns awa utterly heartbroken.
158) 0) text: Lenny tears through old cardboard boxes in Evan's closet. Evan watches nearby.
158) 1) dialog: Are you sure you even packed it?
158) 3) text: Evan watches Lenny eagerly as he dumps tons of Evan's jun on the floor. Old report cards, books, toys and photo alb fall on the floor.
158) 4) dialog: Is this it?
158) 5) text: Evan beams when he sees Lenny holding his old journal. AG 7.
158) 6) dialog: What do you need it for? I don't get  you lately.
158) 8) dialog: What?
158) 10) dialog: (concerned) Destroy it?
158) 12) text: Lenny, utterly baffled, sits back in silence and watches  Evan begin reading his journal to himself for a beat.
160) 0) text: Evan comes to to find Lenny still staring at him. Waiting for something big to happen.
179) 0) text: Evan wakes up with a bloody nose. He grabs a pillow and c his head with it as a flood of memories seizes him. Lenny (looking fit) grabs a towel from atop an award-winn flatworms project and hands it to Evan.
179) 1) dialog: You alright? Should I call the doctor?
179) 4) text: Lenny nods, still concerned.
180) 0) text: Evan opens the door to a concrete room with a large furna He and Lenny carry cardboard boxes.
180) 1) dialog: You sure about this?