7) 2) text: Evan blows Andrea a kiss goodbye and runs into the school As Andrea pulls away, MRS. BOSWELL, 35, taps the car wind
7) 3) dialog: Mrs. Treborn! I need to speak with  you!
7) 5) text: Mrs. Boswell's morbid expression stops Andrea.
7) 6) dialog: I think you really need to see this.
8) 0) text: The classroom is filled with screaming, running children. Mrs. Boswell enters the classroom with Andrea and immedia calls out to TOMMY, a tough seven-year old kid who swings whiffle bat at LENNY, now seven, a sniffling, chubby kid.
8) 1) dialog: TOMMY! LEAVE LENNY ALONE! DON'T MAKE  ME SEND YOU TO MR. VOYTEK'S OFFICE!
8) 2) text: Evan is surprised to see his mother enter with Mrs. Boswe but continues playing with Kayleigh, now seven, a quiet,  sweet-looking girl. Mrs. Boswell leads Andrea over to the teacher's desk.
8) 3) dialog: I was going to show this to the  principal, but I wanted to talk to  you first.
8) 5) dialog: Yesterday I had all the children  draw pictures of what they wanted to  be when they grew up. Most of them  made drawings of what their parents  did, but this...
8) 6) text: Mrs. Boswell opens the bottom drawer of her desk and pull out a drawing. Andrea turns to stone when she sees it.
8) 10) dialog: Of course. There is one more thing,  Mrs. Treborn. And I feel bad for  mentioning it...
8) 12) dialog: When I asked Evan about his drawing,  well, he didn't remember doing it.
10) 10) text: Lenny, unable to stop crying, begins hyperventilating out control. His desperate gasps for breath are frightening. Evan, scared, looks around for Mrs. Boswell, but cannot f her. He reaches up to his own picture and quickly tears h own macaroni "mother" apart and places it over Lenny's  picture. It's a nuclear family again. Lenny slowly is abl to catch his breath.
10) 13) text: Kayleigh helps Lenny glue a new "mother" in place and she smiles gratefully at Evan. As Evan smiles back at Kayleigh, Mrs. Boswell calmly ente the room in time to see Evan tacking up his butchered fam portrait. She shivers.
116) 0) text: Evan, seven, COMES TO in an old familiar place. WE are ba in Mrs. Boswell's first grade class. All of the children  draw colorful pictures. Evan sees some paper spindles sit on Mrs. Boswell's desk. As he heads over to them, Mrs. Bo firmly grabs his shoulders and steers him back to his own desk.
116) 1) dialog: No monkey business, Evan. Sit still  and finish your drawing.
116) 3) dialog: That's great everyone! Just imagine  anything you want to be. There are  no limits.
116) 4) text: Soon enough, an image emerges: Evan holding a knife, stan over a heap of several dead inmates Karl and Rick. When done, he sneaks over to Mrs. Boswell's desk, where t two paper spindles sit. The metal needles reach up and sk a number of paper notes and messages. Evan looks over to see Mrs. Boswell holding up his drawin horrified.