6) 0) text: In the driveway, 7-year old Evan plays with CRICKETT, a f cocker spaniel puppy. Andrea, wearing a mechanic's jumpsuit, works impatiently the carburetor of a Toyota Celica. Evan pets the dog as h watches his mother work.
35) 21) text: Blood begins to trickle from Evan's nose as a guttural so is uttered from deep within him. Dr. Redfield bolts uprig in his chair and redirects the session.
56) 0) text: Evan's dorm is cluttered "double" whose walls are adorned with head-shop posters of Gothic rock bands. By Evan's bed is a bookshelf filled with books on amnesia memory loss, fugues, hypnotism and other related bands. Evan's roommate, THUMPER, 19, is a completely punked out  Gothic boy who weighs 300 pounds. He currently hands a bl lacy dress to CRICKET, 17, a pierced Goth co-ed. She slip the tattered dress on as Thumper wipes his post-coital se off with a black tee-shirt. Evan barges through the door, throwing his pscyh books on the bed and politely looking away from the half-naked gir
56) 4) text: Cricket puts on her Doc Martens as Evan watches the worms
94) 0) text: Finally the memory assault is over. Evan groans in pain a blood trickles from his nose. An arm reaches over and touches his shoulder.
111) 2) text: Evan stands there, stunned, unable to react when -- Another Neo-Nazi, RICK, swats Evan's journals out of his  hands and onto the floor. Life springs back into Evan as rushes for the journals. He and Rick grab the journals at the same time. A minor tug of war.
111) 4) text: Rick tears them away, Evan coming up with only a few torn pages. Evan sees the damage and goes mental.
111) 6) text: Evan swings at Rick and misses. INMATES CHEER! It's on! R lunges for Evan, a brief and painful scuffle ensues, the  journals getting trampled. Suddenly -- The sounds of COCK RIFLES echo through the air. The fight stops instantly as Rick and Evan look up to see --
111) 7) text: OFFICER STATION. Officers aim rifles at the pair. From an upper tier, even more officers with more rifles. Their barrels sight directly at Evan. Rick steps away, qu to maliciously scoop up Evan's torn journals.
114) 0) text: Evan and Carlos sit on BLEACHERS that overlook the other  prisoners working out. Evan closely watches Karl and Rick who stare daggers at h from across the yard. A SKINHEAD PASSES SOMETHING with a  white-taped handle to Karl but no officers seem to notice Evan slides closer to Carlos and stares at the Jesus Chri tattoos all over Carlos' back.
116) 4) text: Soon enough, an image emerges: Evan holding a knife, stan over a heap of several dead inmates Karl and Rick. When done, he sneaks over to Mrs. Boswell's desk, where t two paper spindles sit. The metal needles reach up and sk a number of paper notes and messages. Evan looks over to see Mrs. Boswell holding up his drawin horrified.
119) 0) text: Karl and Rick wait expectantly as Evan nervously enters.  They say nothing, relishing the fearful silence.
119) 4) text: Karl and Rick exchange looks.
119) 7) text: Rick stands. All muscle.
119) 8) dialog: Let's see what you got. And watch  the fucking teeth or you'll be leaving  without 'em.
119) 9) text: Evan nods reluctantly and peacefully drops to his knees.  Karl and Rick lower their pants to their ankles. Evan loo miserable, about to do the deed when -- CARLOS bulldozes  past the Aryans into the room, slamming Karl into the wal and jamming a shank into Karl's crotch! Rick instantly charges Carlos, but trips on the pants aro his ankles. Evan, anticipating Rick's fall, stomps Rick's face before snatching his journals from Karl's shelf. Evan frantically flips through them, hunting for somethin as the other WHITE SUPREMACISTS charge the cell.
125) 0) text: The faces of Karl and Rick all turn grainy...
132) 11) text: Evan backs away, face guilt-stricken.
135) 12) text: As Jason looks down at us, frothing at the mouth, there's trick of the light where Jason's head seems to VIBRATE ag the ceiling.
154) 2) text: Lenny pushes Evan past Thumper and Cricket. Their convers stops and they stare at their feet as Evan gets wheeled b Evan boils to be treated as if he were non-existent.