56) 0) text: Evan's dorm is cluttered "double" whose walls are adorned with head-shop posters of Gothic rock bands. By Evan's bed is a bookshelf filled with books on amnesia memory loss, fugues, hypnotism and other related bands. Evan's roommate, THUMPER, 19, is a completely punked out  Gothic boy who weighs 300 pounds. He currently hands a bl lacy dress to CRICKET, 17, a pierced Goth co-ed. She slip the tattered dress on as Thumper wipes his post-coital se off with a black tee-shirt. Evan barges through the door, throwing his pscyh books on the bed and politely looking away from the half-naked gir
56) 3) dialog: Cricket, meet my well-mannered  roommate, Evan.
56) 7) text: As she leaves, Thumper takes the black T-shirt by his wal and throws it on Evan's bed.
56) 8) dialog: Here, bro. Found your T-shirt.
56) 11) dialog: I thought you were a December baby.
56) 13) text: Thumper pulls out a bong.
56) 14) dialog: Let's do this.
58) 0) text: A popular watering hole. A dark rustic interior, blasting alternative rock. Plenty of underage students carry pitchers of beer to the tables. Evan and Thumper play pool against two young women. HEIDI beautiful, wears ripped jeans, no make up. She sinks the  eleven ball off the rail. KRISTEN coolly smokes a cigaret confident that she and Heidi will hold the table.
58) 2) text: Thumper proudly steps forward.
58) 3) dialog: Worms, plural.
58) 5) text: Thumper steps back, points to Evan.
58) 6) dialog: Talk to him about it, he's got the  fetish.
58) 11) text: Evan speaks as he knocks the one-ball in the corner pocke As he talks, at a table behind them, some obnoxious Greek including HUNTER, SPENCER, and GWEN make fun of Thumper.
58) 13) dialog: (thoughtfully) Like Ozzy.
58) 14) text: Gwen giggles as Spencer throws popcorn at Thumper's head.
58) 16) text: Thumper seems oblivious to their taunts as Evan knocks th three-ball in the side.
58) 20) dialog: (thoughtfully) That's probably why Hannibal Lecter's  so smart.
58) 21) text: A handful of popcorn hits Thumper's face. They all try to ignore Hunter and Spencer's jeers.
58) 24) text: Another barrage of popcorn hits Thumper's jacket. Althoug his hand clenches on the cue. He meekly shuffles away to opposite side of the pool table from the cackling Greeks.
58) 26) text: Thumper casually takes the pool cue from Evan.
58) 28) text: As Heidi digests this, Thumper carefully lines up his sho The eight ball. CRASH!!! The cue ball intentionally jumps the table, rock into the pitcher of beer on the Greek's table. They're al soaked with beer and debris. Just as they begin to rise, Thumper smashes the cue stick the table, WHISTLING innocently (while now brandishing a  spear). They sit the fuck down. Kristin, impressed, casually wraps her arm around Thumper waist. He smiles coolly, it's nothing.
65) 0) text: Evan pulls a dozen journals from beneath his bed and begi pouring over them. Nearby, Thumper empties a can of hairspray into his Mohaw
65) 1) dialog: You really think he wanted to kill  you?
68) 2) text: In the next bed, Thumper's head, wrapped in a blanket, po up from above a NAKED GESELA'S waist.
68) 3) dialog: Christ, man. You wanna clean that up  before I lose my appetite here?
71) 0) text: Evan hastily hunts through his journals, tearing up the r looking for a certain book. Thumper, lying on his bed, qu watches Evan with growing concern.
71) 2) dialog: What the fuck are you doing?
71) 4) text: Thumper jumps off the bed and snatches the journal away.
71) 5) dialog: Are you stupid or what?
71) 7) dialog: Shucks, I dunno. But maybe there's a  reason why you've repressed the one  day when some old lecher had you in  your tighty whities, dammit!
71) 8) text: Thumper begins scanning the journal entry. A bitter laugh
71) 9) dialog: Yeah, man. I'd think twice about  this. You could wake up a lot more  fucked up than you are now.
77) 0) text: Evan enters his dorm. He ignores Thumper, who sits on Eva bed sucking furiously from a gurgling bong. He chokes out message.
77) 1) dialog: Some dude left a message for you.
77) 6) text: BEEP. Thumper offers Evan a magnified frown of disapprova
77) 8) text: Thumper coughs accidentally, tips the bong over on Evan's bed. Reacting quickly, he grabs a towel from under the do and wipes off Evan's comforter.
77) 11) dialog: Whoa, bad news, bro. I don't think  this is gonna come out.
97) 4) text: Evan hangs up the phone, then checks his watch. No, wrist At that moment, Thumper passes Evan in the lobby.
97) 6) text: Thumper eyes this strange preppy kid with distaste.
97) 7) dialog: Whasamatter? Lost your Rolex?
97) 9) dialog: Fuck off, frat boy.
97) 10) text: Thumper walks away, leaving Evan dumbfounded.
98) 6) text: Evan walks up the aisle and takes a seat. As he sits down someone puts his ARM menacingly around Evan's throat. Evan flinches, turns around and sees Hunter, the frat guy Thumper assaulted the other night at Dirty Hank's bar.
105) 14) text: Tommy has grown in the last seven years. He has long, gre hair and some tattoos. He holds a TIRE THUMPER (a short,  steel bat for truckers) menacingly in his right hand. Evan stands frozen in fear, his hands rooted in his coat  pockets.
105) 19) text: Tommy takes a few practice swings with the tire thumper.
105) 24) text: Tommy rushes Evan and bashes him with the tire thumper in the shoulder and ribs. Evan goes down. As Tommy prepares to bash his brains in,  Evan whips out the Pepper Spray and nails Tommy in the fa Tommy reels back in pain, covering his eyes with this fre hand. Evan struggles to his feet and circles around Tommy keeping a distance as he douses Tommy with Pepper Spray.  Kayleigh screams. Tommy blindly stumbles around, madly  swinging the tire thumper. Evan charges forward in an  uncontrollable rage, rips the weapon out of Tommy's hands and sprays a lethal dose of pepper spray into Tommy's ope mouth.
105) 27) text: Evan knocks Tommy down with the tire thumper. Kayleigh sc and tries to hold Evan back, but he easily wrestles free her. She runs to a blue streetlight on the quad.
105) 31) text: Evan raises the tire thumper for a final attack and swing down OFF CAMERA.
126) 0) text: As new images of THUMPER become more BRILLIANT.
128) 0) text: Evan's eyes roll back in his head. He shakes uncontrollab and blood pours from his nose. Thumper opens the door, sees Evan convulsing and jumps ba in horror. He scans the hallways for assistance.
128) 1) dialog: Someone call 9-1-1!
143) 0) text: Evan enters his familiar looking dorm and hears the famil sounds of Thumper having sex with another naked GOTHIC CO ED. On Evan's bed.
143) 2) dialog: Sorry, dude. Just figured it'd be  okay with you bein' sick and all.
143) 3) text: Evan's temper flares and he picks up a chair and SMASHES against a wall above Thumper's head.
143) 5) text: Thumper and the co-ed quickly cover themselves in the bla and leave. Alone in the room, Evan looks under his bed an breathes a sigh of relief to see all of his journals are  intact. He sifts through them again. He finally finds the passage he needs. Something catches the corner of Evan's  eyes and he turns to examine it. To the left of Thumper's Buddha statuette sits a large VO CANDLE that bears a portrait of Jesus Christ.
145) 0) text: Evan comes to back in his dorm, the same posters are on t wall, the sheets are the same. Even the familiar sounds o Thumper having sex under the covers.
145) 2) text: Evan's face falls as he hears a familiar voice, but not  Thumper's.
154) 2) text: Lenny pushes Evan past Thumper and Cricket. Their convers stops and they stare at their feet as Evan gets wheeled b Evan boils to be treated as if he were non-existent.