8) 0) text: The classroom is filled with screaming, running children. Mrs. Boswell enters the classroom with Andrea and immedia calls out to TOMMY, a tough seven-year old kid who swings whiffle bat at LENNY, now seven, a sniffling, chubby kid.
10) 0) text: The children hang artwork on the walls in prep for Parent Night. Each child has a picture of his or her family made from colored construction paper and macaroni. Evan's pict (no longer sophisticated) depicts his mother, Crockett an himself on a green hill. Tommy and Kayleigh's pictures ea show two kids and a single father. And their 'mother' is  stuck to the far end of page. Lenny beams as he pins-up his picture of an ideal nuclear family. He looks at Tommy's picture and is confused.
10) 2) dialog: You're such a retard!
10) 5) text: Tommy gets upset. He swipes his hand down Lenny's picture and his macaroni "mother" crumbles to the floor. Lenny be to cry.
10) 7) dialog: Fat little baby, crying for mommy.
19) 0) text: Evan enters the well-kept middle class home and sees his  classmates Kayleigh and Tommy. Kayleigh is dressed in a m shift Medieval gown and Tommy is also dressed in a period costume.
19) 2) dialog: I don't think Evan gets to be in it --
19) 4) dialog: I thought I was the bad guy!
19) 9) dialog: I thought I was the star.
20) 9) text: Tommy silently watches from the top of the basement stair absently wringing the head off one of his sister's dolls.
29) 0) text: Evan, Kayleigh, Tommy and Lenny are now THIRTEEN. Evan ex cigarette smoke, taps his ash and finishes sketching a  portrait of Kayleigh in his journal. Tommy wears a leather jacket and now has traces of peach  fuzz on his upper lip. Kayleigh's hair is longer now, albeit stringy and unkempt Evan closes his journal and coolly ignites a STRIKE-ANYWH MATCH with his thumb and lights Kayleigh's cigarette. Eve but Lenny smokes in the basement. Tommy, now with longer hair, ransacks his father's army l looking for something.
29) 2) dialog: Hold your horses, man. It's here  somewhere. I saw it when I was a  kid.
29) 3) text: Tommy absently chucks an old Playboy toward Lenny. Kaylei seems uncomfortable by the sight of it.
29) 6) text: Evan claps his hands and stands up, Lenny and Kayleigh jo him. Finally, Tommy shakes an old army thermos and hears  something rattling inside.
29) 7) dialog: I knew it had something to do with  the army.
29) 8) text: Tommy opens the thermos, tips it over and a blockbuster ( stick of dynamite) spills out. Tommy grins mischievously.
29) 9) dialog: Let's blow the shit out of something!
30) 0) text: Tommy leads Evan, Kayleigh and Lenny on a mission through the woods. Everyone smokes except Lenny, yet he's the onl one who's wheezing. He pulls out an inhaler and takes a p
30) 3) dialog: What did I say about mentioning that  bitch?
30) 5) dialog: Just blow something up? Are you nuts?  There's an art to mass destruction.  Would you just paint the Mona Lisa?  No. Besides, we're here already.
30) 6) text: Now at the edge of the woods, Tommy spots:
31) 0) text: A MAILBOX sits at the end of the driveway. It's exquisite An exact replica of a Colonial home it serves. Across the street, Tommy hands the blockbuster to Lenny.
31) 1) dialog: Here you go, buddy.
31) 3) dialog: The hell you aren't. Anyone of us  does it, you'll puss out and narc  for sure.
32) 1) dialog: Oh, for Christ's sake, just do it,  Lenny.
32) 6) text: The four watch the mailbox in intense anticipation. Evan  smiles with the cigarette pressed tightly between his lip and places his hands over Kayleigh's ears. She smiles bac at him and presses his hands against her head. Tommy catc this and seems disturbed, and quickly turns back to -- The mailbox. Tick-tock... tick-tock... It's like a starin contest...
33) 1) dialog: Hurry! Let's go! Get him up, Evan!  Come on!
33) 3) text: Evan gets up and starts running, then realizes he's not b followed. Kayleigh and Tommy are helping Lenny up and car him. Evan realizes that Lenny's completely dazed. Evan do back, grabs Lenny's arm and he and Tommy drag Lenny throu the woods as fast as they can.
34) 2) dialog: (staring menacingly  at the others) We were just building a fort in the  woods when Lenny freaked out. One  minute he was fine, then he just  froze up. Right guys?
36) 0) text: Andrea drops off Evan, Kayleigh and Tommy outside the com Kayleigh, looking morose, shuts the car door and Andrea d off. They walk through the parking lot.
36) 1) dialog: (to Kayleigh) Wipe that sad-assed look off your  face before you get us all busted.  You see the way Evan's mom was looking  at you?
36) 4) text: On "mailbox", Tommy suddenly grabs Evan's jacket and SHOV him against a parked car. Tommy looks around to make sure nobody heard anything.
36) 5) dialog: Don't ever bring that shit up again.  Not ever. Not to me, not to Kayleigh,  or even Lenny. The stupid fuck if he  ever learns to talk again. Understand?
36) 6) text: Evan nods, scared. Tommy gives a final shove.
36) 7) dialog: Ever. (re: Kayleigh) She don't want to talk about it,  anyway. Do you Kayleigh?
36) 8) text: Tommy's right. Kayleigh clearly doesn't.
37) 0) text: Kayleigh shuffles behind Evan and Tommy as they head towa the theatre. Evan drops back.
37) 2) text: Kayleigh says nothing as Tommy sees the theatre playing S and whispers.
37) 3) dialog: There it is. Let's go.
39) 1) dialog: Holy shit! Look at that fat fuck!  You'd have to wipe his ass with a  forklift!
39) 2) text: Some crowd members TURN around and give Tommy a SHUSH. To whips M&amp;Ms at them.
39) 3) dialog: Shut up, faggot. No one's talking to  you!
40) 19) dialog: What the fuck are you doing??
40) 20) text: They jerk back to see Tommy, shocked and betrayed, starin at them from across a small crowd. By now, some teens chu at Tommy.
40) 22) text: Tommy rushes through the small crowd at Evan. His hands i fists. Suddenly a FOOT reaches out and trips Tommy. Tommy falls to the floor and the crowd cackles at him. Tommy slowly gets up, locks eyes with Evan. Hatred oozing Evan looks guilty, weakly shaking his head, it's not what you're thinking. Tommy suddenly lunges at the TEEN PUNK who must be at lea a foot taller than he is. Tommy lands a flurry of punches before the Teen Punk can even defend himself, frequently  taking opportunities to eyeball Evan. Evan, Kayleigh and even the punk's FRIENDS look on helple when TWO SECURITY GUARDS SEIZE TOMMY. Tommy valiantly  struggles against them at first. But the moment he realiz it's hopeless, he allows his body to go slack. As Tommy is being dragged away, he turns to Evan, a sick  smile on his face.  Evan and Kayleigh look back, speechle
48) 0) text: Tommy has stuffed a dog into a gunny sack which he douses with lighter fluid. Next to a campfire.
48) 2) text: Evan and Kayleigh rush toward the trapped, helpless dog.  Tommy is ready for them. He drops the lighter fluid, pick up a wooden plank and SWINGS! Evan ducks back at the last minute and Tommy accidentally connects with Kayleigh's he Knocking her unconscious.
48) 3) dialog: Look what you made me do!
48) 5) text: Tommy, enraged, fakes a high swing, then goes for Evan's  knee cap. BASH! Evan doubles over in pain and falls to th ground, clutching his knee. Tommy moves to the fire, Croc squirming inside the bag and picks up the lighter fluid. Evan painfully looks up from the ground and his eyes dart from the sight of Kayleigh, unconscious, to Crockett, tra in the tied gunny sack.
48) 8) dialog: Why don't you fucking kiss her, Prince  Charming!
48) 9) text: Tommy squeezes the bottle hard, creating a flaming fuse f the campfire to the fluid soaked dog. As the flames near Crockett, Evan, seething with rage, st up with clenched fists and CHARGES Tommy at FULL SPEED --
49) 2) text: He gets no answer from Lenny, who stands in the exact sam spot. Tommy is nowhere in sight and the sound is of Kayle weeping. Evan spins to face her.
60) 0) text: Evan is THIRTEEN again. The scene begins exactly where Ev blackout occurred as a child. Tommy has just knocked Kayl unconscious with a wooden plank, Lenny is frozen at the s of Crockett in the fluid-soaked gunny sack. And Evan, see with rage, stands up with clenched fists and CHARGES Tomm at full speed. Evan looks around, utterly confused by his surroundings.
60) 2) text: Before an answer comes, Tommy smiles at his good fortune swings the plank, hitting Evan's head. Evan is sent spraw backwards, his forehead bleeding freely. Tommy knocks Evan hard in the ribs with his boots. Evan  writhes in agony, his face against the ground. Lenny move toward the gunny sack, lifts it and tugs desperately on t rope that traps Crockett inside.
60) 4) text: Tommy spins around and flashes an evil smile.
60) 5) dialog: Drop it or I'll slit your mother's  throat in her sleep.
60) 6) text: As if on cue, Lenny does exactly as he's told. His eyes b to glaze over. Evan, beaten and bloody, reaches out with his last bit of strength, grabs Tommy's foot and holds on.
60) 8) text: Lenny remains frozen in place. Tommy yanks his leg back,  breaking Evan's grip. Evan groans on the ground in a writhing heap. Tommy's voice hitches. His eyes water from pent up  frustration.
60) 9) dialog: Listen to me good, Evan. There's a  million other sisters in the world.  You didn't have to fuck with mine.
60) 10) text: Tommy smiles viciously at Lenny, traumatized to watch Tom pick up the lighter fluid and spray a liquid fuse from th campfire to the soaked gunny sack.
67) 0) text: Evan, Kayleigh, Lenny and Tommy, all thirteen, watch the  mailbox across the street with intense anticipation. When Evan comes to in this memory, the lit cigarette abse drops from his mouth and nestles into the folds of his sh SMOLDERING. The mailbox... tick-tock, tick-tock... Like a staring con
67) 2) dialog: Yeah, you do that, Lenny.
67) 3) text: Suddenly a car appears from down the street and slowly pu into the driveway. MRS. HALPERN, 24, an attractive young mother, gets out of the car and walks to the mailbox. Across the street, Tommy digs his fingers into the nerves Lenny's shoulder.
67) 4) dialog: Make one peep and I swear it'll be  your last, motherfucker.
67) 5) text: Tommy's words make Evan flinch. From inside the car, a BA begins to cry. Mrs. Halpern walks back to the car. Evan looks on in horror and suddenly clenches his teeth i pain and silently swipes the front of his shirt, sending lit cigarette to the ground. He pulls up his shirt reveal a fresh BURN MARK on his stomach.
67) 7) text: Mrs. Halpern picks her up and carries her to the house. A the mother unlocks the front door to the house, the kids  break into wide smiles of relief. But wait... The mother remembers the mail and carries the baby back t the mailbox. Now Tommy is the only one left still smiling
67) 12) dialog: C'mon! Run!!
67) 14) dialog: Lenny? Come on!
67) 16) text: Lenny doesn't seem to hear, his eyes fixated on the crims road. Evan and Tommy double back and grab him. They try t make him break out into a run, but Lenny's feet drag limp against the ground. Both Tommy and Evan grab an arm and b to run with Lenny through the woods.
78) 0) text: Evan, dressed in black, gets out of his car at the edge o the cemetery. A small cluster of friends and family gathe at the grave. Evan grabs a bouquet of roses and begins wa to the grave. When he suddenly spots Mr. Miller and Tommy Evan's hands tense up into fists. He becomes weak in the  knees and stops walking. After an uncomfortable moment of standing still, he retreats to his car and watches the  ceremony from the driver's seat.
82) 0) text: Mr. Miller puts the camera on a tripod in the basement.  Kayleigh and Evan sit on folding chairs in front of the  camera. Tommy stands at the top of the basement stairs,  looking down.
82) 2) dialog: But I wanna see!
82) 4) text: Tommy sulks and closes the door. Mr. Miller lowers his vo and speaks to Evan and Kayleigh.
82) 12) dialog: Who silently opens the door at the top of the basement st and watches with horror. Evan's face is flushed with rage. He walks behind Kayleig and cups his hands tightly around her ears. She can't hea anything now.
82) 33) text: Hiding at the top of the basement stairs, Tommy recoils i horror and picks up one of his sister's dolls and begins  twisting the head back and forth...
87) 0) text: Tommy, glaring at Evan, thrashes the Teen Punk.
105) 14) text: Tommy has grown in the last seven years. He has long, gre hair and some tattoos. He holds a TIRE THUMPER (a short,  steel bat for truckers) menacingly in his right hand. Evan stands frozen in fear, his hands rooted in his coat  pockets.
105) 16) dialog: Get this "us" shit. As if I was gonna  lay a hand on my own sister. You've  done nicely for yourself, Evan. Nice  friends, nice life, not to mention  you're fucking my sister. Not a bad  piece of ass if I say so myself.
105) 18) dialog: Aw, hey now, that was a compliment.
105) 19) text: Tommy takes a few practice swings with the tire thumper.
105) 21) dialog: It wasn't enough that the whole world  loves you, but you had to take away  the last person on earth who didn't  think I was a piece of shit.
105) 23) dialog: Right, Evan. I believe you just said  "sick fuck."
105) 24) text: Tommy rushes Evan and bashes him with the tire thumper in the shoulder and ribs. Evan goes down. As Tommy prepares to bash his brains in,  Evan whips out the Pepper Spray and nails Tommy in the fa Tommy reels back in pain, covering his eyes with this fre hand. Evan struggles to his feet and circles around Tommy keeping a distance as he douses Tommy with Pepper Spray.  Kayleigh screams. Tommy blindly stumbles around, madly  swinging the tire thumper. Evan charges forward in an  uncontrollable rage, rips the weapon out of Tommy's hands and sprays a lethal dose of pepper spray into Tommy's ope mouth.
105) 27) text: Evan knocks Tommy down with the tire thumper. Kayleigh sc and tries to hold Evan back, but he easily wrestles free her. She runs to a blue streetlight on the quad.
105) 29) text: Evan kicks Tommy hard in the ribs. Kayleigh pushes a butt on the "Blue Light" lamp post and an ALARM WAILS.
121) 0) text: Evan groans on the ground, writhing. Tommy's voice hitche eyes watering from pent up frustration.
121) 1) dialog: Listen to me good, Evan...
121) 3) text: Evan's words hit home and Tommy's anger slowly dissipates look of understanding passes between them. Gratitude, eve Tommy looks at the sack and begins to untie it. Lenny com screaming from nowhere like a bat out of hell! With all o the force he can muster, he jams the metal shard all the through Tommy's throat! Tommy clutches his throat, gagging in blood. Evan surveys the scene in shock:
121) 5) text: Lenny drops to the floor, Indian style, wipes the dirt in his hands and freezes up completely. Kayleigh wakes up an SCREAMS when she sees blood spurt from Tommy's throat. Meanwhile, Crockett escapes from the sack.
144) 0) text: Evan comes to as he, Kayleigh, Lenny and Tommy -- all thi watch Mrs. Halpern carry her baby back to the mailbox acr the street with intense anticipation. Evan suddenly comes life and makes himself visible, running across the street shouting.
144) 4) text: Lenny comes running across the street to Evan's aid, and  Tommy shrugs and follows after him.
144) 6) text: Tommy, still running, cringes to hear Lenny's stupid  confession and rolls his eyes at the situation. Evan posi himself between Mrs. Halpern and the mailbox, frantically waving his hand at her to stay back, because she's STILL  COMING.
144) 7) dialog: I'll save you lady!
144) 8) text: Tommy takes a running dive at Mrs. Halpern, perhaps a bit too hard, and sends her and the baby to the pavement, hur but no major injuries. Seeing things are safe, Evan backs away from the mail --
146) 0) text: Tommy and Kayleigh load popcorn and drinks onto Evan's la as Lenny pushes the wheelchair.
147) 0) text: Evan celebrates his 14th birthday and blows out the candl Andrea, Kayleigh, Tommy and Lenny all clap.
148) 0) text: Tommy pushes Evan to church.
152) 0) text: A campfire. Evan sips from a BEER CAP as Lenny and Kaylei make out in plain sight with Tommy's bashful approval.
154) 4) text: Evan spins around in fear. He sees Tommy, clean-cut, and  handing out flyers in front of a banner that reads "Campu Crusade for Christ." Tommy seems good-natured now, workin hard and soliciting names for his list. He looks up as Ev rolls along and his eyes brighten to see Evan.
154) 5) dialog: I did what you said, man! We're  pooling our student funds with Hillel  House and we're going to have an  Awareness Dance.
154) 7) text: Tommy frowns and exchanges glances with Lenny, who shrugs and nods back to him.
154) 12) text: Evan allows Kayleigh to roll him away from the others. To the very spot where Evan once killed Tommy. Evan stares at his prosthetic hand which he can "magicall will to open, close, open, close...
155) 3) dialog: You forgot to put the toaster on the  edge.
155) 4) text: Tommy casually turns off the water, then pops open the DR The water level lowers to Evan's mouth.
155) 6) text: Tommy feels Evan's anguish and plops his ass on the wet f by the tub. He lays his head onto Evan's shoulder. Evan bristles at first, but finally gives in to his hatre ultimately resting his own head against Tommy's. Taking t comfort offered.
155) 7) dialog: I'll get you changed. Visiting hours  are almost up.
156) 0) text: Tommy rolls Evan through a quiet hospital corridor.
156) 2) text: Tommy frowns, confused, then rolls Evan into --
157) 0) text: Evan is startled to see Andrea hooked up to several IV's, oxygen tank and a respirator. Several oxygen hoses connec to a tracheotomy tube. Tommy smiles and kisses Andrea on the cheek. She tousles hair in return. Evan can hardly speak. As Tommy begins to wheel Evan's ch closer to Andrea's bedside, Andrea utters a faint whisper
157) 4) dialog: Sorry, Mrs. T. He's been out of sorts  lately.
157) 13) dialog: He's just going through some tough  times.
157) 15) dialog: I think I'll go check out the chapel.
161) 17) text: Kayleigh's mouth hangs open with utter amazement at the s Tommy, hiding at the top of the stairs, slowly creeps dow to get a better view. Evan rummages in the bureau and finds the wooden "strike  anywhere" matches used at thirteen to light his cigarette