3) 0) text: Oliver and Arthur sit on the office floor surrounded by papers, boxes, books and trash bags. He finds a photo of FIELDS in an open Jean jacket, no shirt, it's attached to personal ad application which he begins to read.
4) 0) text: Oliver has packed his car, he leans down to Arthur.
6) 0) text: Oliver and Arthur enter, he's carrying a box, his house i dark and lonely.
7) 0) text: Oliver enters his dining room, Arthur in tow.
8) 0) text: Oliver and Arthur enter the living room.
9) 0) text: We see the door open revealing Oliver and Arthur continui their tour.
10) 0) text: Arthur lays next to Oliver in bed. Unable to sleep, Olive looks to the ceiling.
14) 0) text: Oliver enters, followed closely by Arthur. Oliver walks through the kitchen - Arthur follows him. Oliver walks through the living room - Arthur follows. Oliver makes a circle through the house - Arthur follows. Oliver sits, looking down at Arthur.
14) 2) dialog: While I understand up to 150 words - I don't talk. Oliver leans down, pushing his head into Arthur's.
20) 0) text: Oliver walks Arthur across a lit field, towards the dog p
21) 0) text: Everywhere dogs and their people are playing. Oliver and Arthur sit on a bench like two humans. Oliver watches the action, Arthur stares at Oliver.
27) 0) text: Oliver, Elliott, and Shauna are leaving. Arthur can't bel he's being left behind. It's actually the first time they will separate.
28) 0) text: Arthur, victorious, sits in Elliot's lap in the front sea while Oliver drives and Shauna is squeezed in back in her chicken outfit.
29) 0) text: Oliver carries Arthur, they all enter a costume party, ma their way through the crowd of people in all kinds of disguises, music blaring, Oliver slides into the less populated kitchen. A woman rushes up to Oliver, surprised see he has a dog.
36) 4) dialog: Tell her the darkness is about to drown us unless something drastic happens right now. Oliver looks to her.
38) 0) text: Oliver, Arthur and the woman enter a very fancy hotel lob Oliver is impressed. She mime's giving him a tour but sti doesn't talk.
41) 0) text: They walk down the long hallway, Oliver carries her bags, Anna holds onto Arthur's leash. Oliver reaches out and ho her hand. They stop and kiss - gentle and comfortable wit each other.
42) 0) text: Oliver now alone with Arthur - heading home, he's happy. CU on his face as he remembers... REPEAT SCENE: Oliver and Anna's first kiss, tentative and delicate.
48) 0) text: SERIES OF CU JUMP CUTS: We see Oliver's hands as he draws series of silhouetted figures hanging from trees, others happily beheaded, all with talking bubbles that say, "Let not rush out and tell everyone" JUMP CUTS: Oliver draws another severed head, then a woma smoking next to the words, "First lung cancer." JUMP TO LATER: Oliver tacks his drawings to the wall, loo at them. He looks down and pets Arthur, as we hear...
50) 0) text: Oliver, Elliott and Arthur are shopping in a very old and crowded used book store. Oliver picks up a stack of magaz as Elliott interrogates him.
55) 0) text: Oliver and Arthur watch from the car as Elliott gets a ca spray paint, heads to a blank wall across the street and sprays a large tag on a wall. He then runs back to the ca looks proudly at his work.
57) 0) text: Anna is sitting on the bed, gently petting Arthur.
61) 0) text: They walk through a caged-in freeway overpass - Oliver is carrying Arthur while blindfolding Anna with his hands. O this we hear the sounds of the quiet hotel room and an intimate conversation between them.
62) 0) text: Oliver and Arthur are leaving, walking down the long hall together. Arthur seems to stop and look up at Oliver.
62) 1) dialog: She's unlike any girl I've ever met.
62) 8) dialog: Are we married yet?
62) 10) dialog: I hope this feeling lasts.
66) 0) text: Arthur runs down the hotel hallway, followed by Oliver, t come to a corner and Anna jumps out, scaring them, they l and continue on together. 10/29/07 44.
67) 0) text: Oliver, Anna and Arthur walk up to a typical L.A. Taco tr on the side of the street. There is nothing fancy looking about it.
72) 0) text: Anna, Oliver and Arthur are walking in Elysian park, a vi of downtown behind them. Oliver's looking at her face, sh notices.
78) 0) text: Oliver and Arthur exit a side door, go to a planter full daisies and cuts some for his mother's vase. He looks bac Arthur.
79) 0) text: We cut to Arthur sprinting up a trail in Elysian park. Ol and Anna chase after him. In contrast to the previous sce there is lightness and laughter here.
80) 0) text: Anna, Oliver, Elliott, Shauna and Arthur drive up Sunset Blvd. They arrive at Alvarado, park and get out. Above th well lit large blank/white billboard. As Oliver and Ellio get spray paint cans from the back of the car...
82) 0) text: Oliver, Anna and Arthur walk down the hallway. Arthur bol ahead suddenly, getting free of Oliver, he runs to and OL MAN - wearing all black and looking just like Hal. Oliver runs up to stop Arthur.
99) 0) text: A troubled Anna walks down the hallway with Arthur.
103) 0) text: Oliver enters the ballroom, Arthur trots to him. He see's Anna across the room - full of heavy feelings. He sits by her.
105) 0) text: Hard cut Oliver and Anna roller-skating to carousel music They're having a great time being terrible at it. Oliver and Anna join Elliott and Shauna on the side of th rink. Arthur is half hidden in a duffle bag at their feet
106) 0) text: Oliver, Anna and Arthur make their way out the door and d the street in their skates.
107) 0) text: They roll down the main lobby hallway, Arthur running beh dodging people as they go. 10/29/07 70.
109) 0) text: Oliver, Anna, Arthur enter on their skates. Still very playful, they skate around the big room. The phone rings. Anna's face falls, they both know it must be her father. muster's on trying to have a good time. Oliver goes and unplugs the phone.
113) 7) dialog: Are we married yet?
135) 0) text: Oliver lies on his bed in the half darkness. He's been th a while, Arthur staring at him.
137) 1) dialog: We knew it wouldn't work even before we met her. Oliver get's this more than ever. Something changes insid him, he picks up his cel phone and dials.
138) 0) text: Oliver arrives with Arthur in a hurry.
139) 0) text: Oliver hands Arthur, a dog bed, and a bag of dog food to Elliott.
140) 0) text: Oliver and Arthur drive up to a new house. Oliver looks a Arthur with guilt.
141) 0) text: Oliver watches Andy cry as Arthur licks him all over.
155) 0) text: Oliver arrives at Andy's door. Andy answers, Arthur's jum up to see Oliver.
156) 0) text: Oliver and Arthur arrive, happy and relieved, Oliver jump his bed and Arthur follows.