25) 0) text: Elliott and Shauna let themselves in. Elliot grabs a stoo and sits down.
26) 0) text: Elliot is now dressed as a cop and Shauna as a large chic they are dancing with no music as Oliver sits on a couch depressed dressed as Sigmund Freud, complete with wig-bea glasses-pipe.
26) 1) dialog: I got the skills... he's got the moves...
27) 0) text: Oliver, Elliott, and Shauna are leaving. Arthur can't bel he's being left behind. It's actually the first time they will separate.
28) 0) text: Arthur, victorious, sits in Elliot's lap in the front sea while Oliver drives and Shauna is squeezed in back in her chicken outfit.
28) 2) dialog: Funny? Funny? I don't think so Fun maybe, but not funny unless, like, serious is funny. Then he's' fucking hilarious. Elliot and Oliver laugh.
28) 3) dialog: But, lovable. You are very lovable.
29) 37) dialog: No.
29) 40) dialog: You just have no real color.
29) 43) dialog: 
29) 46) dialog: What does that me--, one, two.
29) 53) dialog: Two people. A girl and a guy?
29) 55) dialog: Yeah, wow, making moves. Oliver leaves Arthur in Elliott's arms.
80) 0) text: Anna, Oliver, Elliott, Shauna and Arthur drive up Sunset Blvd. They arrive at Alvarado, park and get out. Above th well lit large blank/white billboard. As Oliver and Ellio get spray paint cans from the back of the car...
81) 1) dialog: You know what? Here, give me Arthur. We'll just stay here and get arrested. You know, that's good. Oliver leaves Arthur with her, and Anna and Elliott and h head off to the billboard. They climb it's structure, it' high and a bit scary. On the top is a gang plank looking the city. Anna is happy she came. Elliott goes to paint t back side of the billboard. Oliver meets up with Anna, ov looking the city.
105) 0) text: Hard cut Oliver and Anna roller-skating to carousel music They're having a great time being terrible at it. Oliver and Anna join Elliott and Shauna on the side of th rink. Arthur is half hidden in a duffle bag at their feet