5) 60) dialog: What goes on in that head of . yours? LUCIUS turns to face her.
5) 61) dialog: Say something Lucius. Beat. Lucius stares. LUCIUS . (soft) Finton Coin is in the Tower. I promised to sit with him. Alice lies back in her bed. She pulls the covers over her son from the pillow.
5) 62) dialog: Why do you not tell me what you feel? I do not know if you think about love. I do not know what your dreams are. When you stood today, you spoke in such a gentlemanly manner. I scarcely recognized you. Her eyes close.
5) 66) dialog: How can a mother fail to recognize her son? Tell me. Tell me that... Lucius watches his mother become quiet. Her breathing bec soft. Lucius walks into her room and takes the quilt from the r gently places it over his mother’s sleeping shoulders. He
6) 1) text: Standing in a tight group a few feet from the abandoned b of women. The same quiet fearful expressions on their fac They stare at something at the base of a tree. We can’t s can HEAR THE FLIES BUZZING around its dead carcass. ALICE(o.s) ‘We understand the depth of your worries, but you needn’t be alarmed. wae weet nisin Seniors nee CUT TO:
7) 0) text: eS } Every member of the village is jammed into this litt 8 are standing towards the front of the room. Alice Hunt’s green eyes look compassionately over the gat
7) 1) dialog: What we seem to have amongst us, is a scavenger of some type. Most likely a coyote or wolf. It’s manner of killing and removing the fur, but leaving the flesh torn may be a sign that the animal may suffer from _ madness. An uncomfortable murmur flutters in the meeting room.
7) 4) dialog: For the next fortnight we should be vigilant for sightings of this coyote. Keep careful watch over the little ones as they play on the hills. (lowers voice) . As for the other notion... we do not believe our boundary has been breached: Those We Don’t Speak Of are much larger creatures than coyotes. We .would know if they had been here.
12) 27) dialog: -” We shall speak of the town, just this once, and we shall never speak of it again. Lucius sits across from her. His eyes flicker from the la
12) 28) dialog: When we lived there, the three of us, you were but an infant. I would be telling an untruth if] said there was no joy. We were contented souls: the three of us... But contentment is an unwelcomed alien in the towns. There is something in the very nature of the cities and towns that rejects it. Society survives on greed, and desire. Its heart is fed by wants. It has no place for something so untradable and old fashioned as contentment. (beat) Your father left for the market on a Tuesday at quarter past nine in the morning... He was found-robbed and naked in the river two days later. Lucius is shaking. 41
12) 31) dialog: So you will know the nature of what you desire.
12) 34) dialog: 1 know that. Forgive me. J am but scared for my only son’s life.
12) 36) dialog: What is your meaning? (beat) Speak! Do not retreat to your silence yet. Lucius stands from the table. He moves across the small r
12) 41) dialog: That is for our own well being. So the things that scare us do not have power over us.
12) 43) dialog: No- ww , Alice looks ready to rise from her chair to.stop him Beat. . Alice visibly composes herself. Her hands return to her J
12) 44) dialog: _ (soft) Perhaps we should speak with Edward Walker together. He may-
12) 50) text: Alice instantly rises from the table and moves into her r dignity. .
12) 52) dialog: What nonsense are you saying? Lucius is flustered. He gathers his thoughts and looks to
12) 54) dialog: (gentle) You remind me of a colt sometimes. Alice moves back to the chair she started in. Lucius take from her. Beat. Alice cleans some dust off the table as she speaks.
12) 55) dialog: What makes you think he has feelings for me? Beat. Lucius thinks of other things as he says the words.
20) 10) text: They all nod. Vivian throws a quick look to Alice before paper. :