8) 0) text: Kitty i is wailing. Edward carries his youngest daughter in his arms as his p their next two youngest on their Japs. They watch with co loudly from her bedroom Kitty is being consoled by her closest sister. Kitty has lap. IVY WALKER strokes the hair of her older sister gently. I too thin. Her long blond hair falls over her sharp striki She wipes the tears from her sister’s cheeks. Beat. Ivy b
8) 1) dialog: (sings) Why are you sorrowful, why do you weep? Why do you ask me to rock you to sleep? Could you but see thro’. this world’s vale of tears... Edward and Tabitha Walker hold their three youngest girls from the other room. _ ‘
8) 3) dialog: (sings) \ Light would your sorrows be, harmless your fears, all that _ seems darkness to you would be light, all would be sunshine where now is but night...
8) 4) text: “Ivy wipes the last tears from her sister’s face. Ivy’s v wraps them all like a blanket.
10) 0) text: A trail of dark blood runs down the forehead of a hysteri gently escorts him off the playground. They pass Ivy seated on.a bench that overlooks the back o ‘Kitty speaks over her shoulder as she climbs the steps i building. KITTY. Noah ought to be punished. He wacked little Joseph with a stick again. Ivy nods. Kitty and JOSEPH disappear into the school buil Ivy takes hold of the wooden cane lying next to her. She bench. She moves towards the NOISE OF THE PLAYGROUND: The wooden cane moves deftly back and forth in front of her. Her STRIKING BLIND EYES focus on nothing.
10) 2) dialog: Noah Percy, stop your fussing right this moment. Noah stops and stares at Ivy. The two young men on the ground stop. They realize they a other’s leg.
10) 3) text: 32 Noah stands as the two young men lie on the ground. Noah at Ivy.
10) 6) dialog: I’m to place you in the quiet room.
10) 8) dialog: What if we strike a deal?
10) 10) dialog: It would be prudent to keep our deal a secret. Can you do that?
10) 17) dialog: You needn’t go to the quiet | room if you take an oath to : never strike any person again.
10) 19) dialog: _No hitting. Noah shakes hands, up and down big, like the elders do. Ivy taps her cheek. Noah leans down, for he stands a good than her, and kisses her softly once.
10) 20) dialog: The deal is struck. Noah is beaming. Ivy closes the door to the quiet room. Ivy We ought not return right away. What shall we do with our stolen time? (beat) Shall we have a foot race? Up the hill to the resting rock.
10) 22) dialog: What a deeply scandalous thing to say. I insist you take that back... Is that the school bell?
10) 23) text: 34 Noah looks back. Ivy takes off. She’s a good ten feet dow he turns to see her not there.
11) 0) text: Noah is bigger, stronger and faster, but he.has a hard ti young woman running ahead of him. She moves effortlessly. use her stick. She knows every step of these hills. She t by. She is laughing as she runs. : Noah passes her just as they finish. They both are out of the rock formation. One rock juts out at the base of an enormous wall of rock side of the hill. There is shade here. This is Resting Ro There is someone sitting there when they arrive. Noah goe sits with him. Ivy sits and catches her breath before loo direction. - .
11) 1) dialog: My sister cried a lot. Lucius stops eating the biscuit he has wrapped in his han lunch break. Beat. Ivy Do you wonder how I recognized you. Lucius stares at the striking girl with the sweaty face a
11) 2) dialog: Some people, just a handful mind you, give off the tiniest color. It’s faint, like a haze. It’s the only thing I ever see in the darkness. Papa has it too.
11) 6) text: Lucius gazes quietly at Ivy as if she was a sorcerer. Noa
11) 7) dialog: Do you wonder what your color is? Well that, I won’t tell you. It’s not ladylike to speak of such things. You shouldn’t even have asked. Lucius fights a smile. Noah runs off after some nearby bi Ivy smoothes her wrinkled, dusty frock. It is an uncharac gesture.
11) 8) dialog: (serious) I know why you denied my sister. Lucius’ smile melts away.
11) 9) dialog: When I was younger you used to hold my arm when I walked. Then suddenly you stopped. (beat) One day, I even tripped in your presence and nearly fell. I was faking of course, but still you did not hold me. Ivy Sometimes we don’t do things ‘we want to do, so that others won’t know we want to do them. Lucius is about to say something when Noah comes back. No between them. Lucius turns his piercing eyes back to his
11) 13) text: 36 Noah reaches into his pocket. He clutches something in hi into Ivy’s lap.
11) 14) dialog: What’s this? She feels it in her hands.
11) 15) dialog: A flower, what a splendid present. Lucius glances over. He goes still. Beat.
11) 17) dialog: (even) Noah it is not allowed. This color attracts Those We Don’t Speak of. You must bury it. She holds it out to a saddened Noah. Her hand is tremblin takes it back after a moment. IvY You ought not to pick that color flower anymore. Lucius gazes at the flower in Noah’s hand.
11) 20) text: Beat. Ivy’s head turns a quarter turn towards Lucius.
11) 21) dialog: What’s wrong? You’re breathing has changed.
11) 25) dialog: Are you sure? _ Noah nods.
13) 13) text: 47 He gets pulled from the strong current of his thoughts by bush. He sees someone crawling around in the foliage. GIRL’S VOICE FROM BUSH There is no escape. — Lucius watches as Ivy Walker crawls out and stands. She l direction.
13) 14) dialog: Oh Hello. Ivy runs her hands over her frock. Dirt and leaves fall o
13) 15) dialog: J was just playing a game with Noah. The rascal must have gone to hide in my house again. Houses are against the rules. He knows that. Lucius stares at Ivy who has dirt and leaves in her hair. picks up her cane.
13) 16) dialog: Are you okay? Your quiet is a different quiet than your usual quiet. Lucius nods.
13) 17) dialog: ] assume you’re nodding. Ivy smiles.
13) 20) text: 48 » IVY | Well I better get back home and mo | confront the scoundrel. (beat) You could walk with me if you like. : There is an awkward moment.
13) 22) dialog: I heard my parents speaking of you. I know of your request to go to the towns. I think it is noble, but I do not think it is right. Beat.
13) 24) text: € ‘IVY You speak as if we are plagued. . There is nothing to cure. - Beat.
13) 31) dialog: She has found love again. With Christop Crane. Lucius raises his eye brows.
13) 32) dialog: (soft) You think it an odd choice right? You know he won’t sit back in his chair for fear of setting wrinkles his shirts. (beat) But he does have a gentlemanly way about him and he does care for my sister deeply. I think Kitty is blessed. Ivy lam blessed as well... My older sister is now spoken for. I am now free to receive interest from anyone... who might have interest. Lucius stares at the striking blind girl who stands in th mischievous smile.
13) 33) dialog: (soft). Goodnight Lucius Hunt. Ivy turns and walks into the house. We see through the op Noah leaps out from behind a water basin and scares her. the tall boy around the room playfully. .
15) 0) text: Kitty and Ivy look up as they dress their little sisters THE DISTANT REPEATED SOUND OF THE WARNING BELL silences all the chatter. a . Beat. Kitty turns to Ivy.
16) 2) dialog: Lucius is out walking. Kitty leads Noah down into the craw] space where the two wait frightened and silent.
16) 6) text: Kitty walks down into the underground room with Noah and Only her head can be seen as she watches her little siste stand in the doorway to the outside. Ivy puts out her hand through the open doorway. She holds darkness. THE WARNING BELL RINGS OVER AND OVER IN THE DISTANCE.
16) 18) text: “55 SLOW-MOTION: Ivy tums as Lucius moves with her through th They close the door shut quickly and bolt it. Lucius and across the cabin. Lucius never Jets go of her hand. They reach the open trapdoor. Lucius helps Ivy in and the down. His arm-spears out and grabs hold of the rope handl over their heads.
23) 0) text: Lucius unwraps his biscuit form his handkerchief. IVY(o.s.) 1 know you have been ignoring me. Lucius looks up to find Ivy standing before him.
23) 1) dialog: It is the day of my sister’s wedding and J am beginning to believe you would let the day pass without saying a word to me. Lucius doesn’t say a word.
23) 2) dialog: Perhaps you sensed I was angry when you revealed you crossed into the woods. In fact I was. If you want to act foolish, that is
23) 6) text: your choice. But I do not find any reason to risk such dangers in the woods for anything. It was wrong. (beat) I say this as your friend, because friends may say anything to each other. Ivy lets out a breath. Ivy I’m glad we’ve had a chance to talk. (beat) / Kitty needs help getting ready. Enjoy your biscuit. Ivy turns and walks away. Lucius’ green eyes watch her as biscuit to his mouth. .