7) 8) dialog: You are not troubled? “WALKER Tam certain it will all end soon.
7) 9) dialog: Can we speak on other matters then?
7) 13) dialog: Jam in love. He looks at his daughter as they tum the comer onto a pat alone. Kitty beams at his side.
7) 15) dialog: These feelings are so strong, it can be nothing else Pappa.
7) 17) dialog: You do not believe me.
7) 19) dialog: It must have been bubbling inside me for a long time, for it came bursting forth not three days ago. J have thought of nothing since. Edward nods his head.
7) 24) dialog: I realized since I’m the eldest ‘of your children and since you were stricken with five girls and no boys, I decided to act as if ] were the son and ask your permission.
7) 26) dialog: I would like permission to marry, Pappa.
7) 28) dialog: J haven’t spoken to him as of yet. Now Edward stops walking.
7) 33) dialog: It’s Lucius Hunt.
7) 34) text: % van : -Lucius? . Kitty sees the expression on her father’s face.
7) 35) dialog: You think badly of him?
7) 37) dialog: He’s not like the other boys. He doesn’t joke and bounce about.
7) 42) dialog: Do I have your blessings then? He looks down at his eldest daughter. He nods, “yes.” She hugs him tight as they come to a stop in the far end the base of the medium sized town bell.
7) 44) dialog: (whispers) Papa, something does trouble you? / | Edward looks down and sees the concern in his daughter’s Beat. He then reaches up and pulls long and hard on the r brass bell. We see in the background everyone stops what they’re doin walking in lines towards the cabins. We watch as people walk in from the stream and from the o disappear quietly into the cabins.
7) 49) dialog: I wanted to tell you something. . | Lucius stares.
7) 50) dialog: My goodness, my heart is pounding so fast, I think I may - faint right on this spot... You’d probably catch me course, before I fell. oes Lucius continues to stare. q?
7) 51) dialog: Seeing as you’re of age... and seeing as I’m of age... and . seeing as we get along so well like this... A thought entered my head that may have entered your head as well. Lucius blinks his green eyes. Kitty takes this .as a posi sweetly.
7) 52) dialog: (soft) J love you Lucius. I love you like the day is long. I love you more than the sun and moon together. And if you feel the same way, we.should not hide wv it any longer. It’s a gift, love is.
7) 55) dialog: We should be thankful. We should bellow it with all the breath in our lungs, “Thank you! Thank you! Thank you!’ Kitty finishes her flurry by rising up on the tips of her earth again. Lucius stares.
8) 0) text: Kitty i is wailing. Edward carries his youngest daughter in his arms as his p their next two youngest on their Japs. They watch with co loudly from her bedroom Kitty is being consoled by her closest sister. Kitty has lap. IVY WALKER strokes the hair of her older sister gently. I too thin. Her long blond hair falls over her sharp striki She wipes the tears from her sister’s cheeks. Beat. Ivy b
10) 0) text: A trail of dark blood runs down the forehead of a hysteri gently escorts him off the playground. They pass Ivy seated on.a bench that overlooks the back o ‘Kitty speaks over her shoulder as she climbs the steps i building. KITTY. Noah ought to be punished. He wacked little Joseph with a stick again. Ivy nods. Kitty and JOSEPH disappear into the school buil Ivy takes hold of the wooden cane lying next to her. She bench. She moves towards the NOISE OF THE PLAYGROUND: The wooden cane moves deftly back and forth in front of her. Her STRIKING BLIND EYES focus on nothing.
15) 0) text: Kitty and Ivy look up as they dress their little sisters THE DISTANT REPEATED SOUND OF THE WARNING BELL silences all the chatter. a . Beat. Kitty turns to Ivy.
15) 1) dialog: (low) Close all the doors. Kitty scoops her little sisters off their bed and moves d trapdoor in the back of the cabin.
16) 0) text: ~~Nosili jumps up arid'down, agitated and excited. Kitty pulls him towards the trap door. She looks across the cab standing in the open front.door.
16) 1) dialog: (yells) You must close the door! Ivy looks out in the direction of the STRANGE SOUNDS.
16) 3) dialog: (yells) He’s inside safe somewhere. Close the door! Ivy turns and looks back at her sister, strain and streng IvY He’ll come back to make sure we're safe.
16) 6) text: Kitty walks down into the underground room with Noah and Only her head can be seen as she watches her little siste stand in the doorway to the outside. Ivy puts out her hand through the open doorway. She holds darkness. THE WARNING BELL RINGS OVER AND OVER IN THE DISTANCE.
16) 9) dialog: Ivy please!
16) 14) dialog: Don’t let them in!
23) 6) text: your choice. But I do not find any reason to risk such dangers in the woods for anything. It was wrong. (beat) I say this as your friend, because friends may say anything to each other. Ivy lets out a breath. Ivy I’m glad we’ve had a chance to talk. (beat) / Kitty needs help getting ready. Enjoy your biscuit. Ivy turns and walks away. Lucius’ green eyes watch her as biscuit to his mouth. .