5) 67) dialog: Ido think about love. Lucius walks out of his mother’s room and exits the cabin
7) 34) text: % van : -Lucius? . Kitty sees the expression on her father’s face.
7) 48) text: Lucius’ hands stop their work. He turns and looks over hi young woman that stands before him. She rises on her tip- earth again. Lucius never lets go of his tools. He nods h
8) 9) dialog: Did you say something Mr. Nicholson? August doesn’t reply. He is fast asleep in the chair. Lucius retums to the pile. He transfers the last of the f arms. AUGUST(0.s.) -you may run from sorrow. As we have. Sorrow will find you. ‘Lucius turns to see August, eyes open this time, staring cabin. :
11) 6) text: Lucius gazes quietly at Ivy as if she was a sorcerer. Noa
11) 16) dialog: ' (low) Be cautious. You are holding the bad color. : Ivy’s face changes as she holds the RED FLOWER.
11) 18) dialog: He did not pick that now.
11) 20) text: Beat. Ivy’s head turns a quarter turn towards Lucius.
11) 22) dialog: I’ve never set eyes on such a flower. Lucius and Noah look at each other. Beat.
11) 23) dialog: (quiet) Noah... where did you find this?
11) 27) text: 38 LUCIUS(v.0.) My mother is unaware of the reason for my visit today. She did not give her consent-
12) 3) dialog: We mustn’t- Lucius eyes drift down. He tilts the paper slightly as he words at a steep angle at his side.
12) 4) dialog: We mustn’t- Edward smiles.
12) 7) dialog: -or consult me in any form: . (beat) Today at Resting Rock. Noah Percy handed Ivy Walkera _ flower of the bad color.
12) 9) dialog: When asked where he found this flower, for it was not like others I have seen, he took us there. He led us to the peak of the hill, by the tree stump. There he pointed to a bush covered in flowers of the bad color. y Lucius looks up. He doesn’t look down when he says the
12) 10) dialog: He was pointing into Covington Woods. Lucius returns his eyes to the paper.
12) 11) dialog: By my eye, the bush of the bad color was, at the very least, seventy-five paces past the forbidden line. Beat.
12) 30) dialog: (barely audible) Why do you tell me this blackness?
12) 32) dialog: I do not desire it! Alice is sincerely unsettled by the sight of her son on t
12) 35) dialog: Tam not the one with secrets. Alice’s eyes lock on his.
12) 39) dialog: There are secrets in every comer of this village. Do you not feel it? Do you not see it?
12) 40) text: Lucius points to the black box seated in the corner of th table. It is identical tothe one we saw in August Nichols
12) 45) dialog: He hides too. Alice stares quietly at the stranger before her.
12) 46) dialog: (soft) He hides his feelings for you.
12) 51) dialog: _ (calls to her) Sometimes we don’t do things - yet others know we want to do things - so we don’t do them. Lucius doesn’t even understand what he said. Alice walks room. :
12) 53) dialog: You needn’t worry. Nothing will happen to me. Alice gazes upon her son.
12) 59) dialog: He never touches you. Alice shakes her head, “No” to herself. They both sit at through their own thoughts. CANDLIGHT flickers on this pa mother and son at a wooden table. :
13) 0) text: We are at the edge, where the grass ends and the woods be that touches the grass is'a yellow slash of paint. Every flag of the same color. Two young men replace a broken flag. They both wear hoode touch the ground. The cloaks are a mustard-yellow. The young man, who has been boosted up, loses his balance grabs a branch and steadiest himself. He looks down to hi share a tension filled look as they glance into the fores are on a tight wire. A third young man in a mustard yellow cloak passes them. wooden bucket of yellow paint. He nods to them as he pass Lucius walks along the perimeter of trees. He stops a han the line. The paint on this tree is fading. Lucius dips t into the bucket and puts another coat on the tree. He picks up his bucket and continues on. He glances over figures of the two young men get smaller and smaller. Luc - He passes the large tree stump. Now he slows to a stop again. He looks to the woods... Se away from where he stands, nestled between two thin trees BLOOMING WITH RED FLOWERS.
13) 3) text: 46 He looks down the line of trees to the two young men; the perimeter and slowly move out of sight. . Lucius steps to the edge of the grass. His shoes are inch dirt of the forest floor. In the dirt, clearly visible to LARGE CLAWED FOOTPRINTS. The indentations from the claw p dig deep into the soil. Lucius does not acknowledge any of this, He stares quietl lowers his bucket to the ground. Beat.
13) 13) text: 47 He gets pulled from the strong current of his thoughts by bush. He sees someone crawling around in the foliage. GIRL’S VOICE FROM BUSH There is no escape. — Lucius watches as Ivy Walker crawls out and stands. She l direction.
13) 25) dialog: ‘Are you not angry you have no sight? Perhaps your eyes could have been saved as a child by knowledge held in the town’s medicines.
13) 26) text: I know it upset Pappa very much when it happened to me. He would not speak for three days. I was told. But it does not bother me Lucius.
13) 27) dialog: What of Noah then? What if there was medicines for Noah that could help him be still? - Help him learn? Beat. This affects Ivy. IVY . May we stop speaking of this? It is putting knots in my stomach. Lucius nods. Ivy climbs a few more steps and stops. She turns. Ivy Kitty is to be married. Lucius looks a little confused.
16) 18) text: “55 SLOW-MOTION: Ivy tums as Lucius moves with her through th They close the door shut quickly and bolt it. Lucius and across the cabin. Lucius never Jets go of her hand. They reach the open trapdoor. Lucius helps Ivy in and the down. His arm-spears out and grabs hold of the rope handl over their heads.
23) 0) text: Lucius unwraps his biscuit form his handkerchief. IVY(o.s.) 1 know you have been ignoring me. Lucius looks up to find Ivy standing before him.
23) 6) text: your choice. But I do not find any reason to risk such dangers in the woods for anything. It was wrong. (beat) I say this as your friend, because friends may say anything to each other. Ivy lets out a breath. Ivy I’m glad we’ve had a chance to talk. (beat) / Kitty needs help getting ready. Enjoy your biscuit. Ivy turns and walks away. Lucius’ green eyes watch her as biscuit to his mouth. .