10) 0) text: A trail of dark blood runs down the forehead of a hysteri gently escorts him off the playground. They pass Ivy seated on.a bench that overlooks the back o ‘Kitty speaks over her shoulder as she climbs the steps i building. KITTY. Noah ought to be punished. He wacked little Joseph with a stick again. Ivy nods. Kitty and JOSEPH disappear into the school buil Ivy takes hold of the wooden cane lying next to her. She bench. She moves towards the NOISE OF THE PLAYGROUND: The wooden cane moves deftly back and forth in front of her. Her STRIKING BLIND EYES focus on nothing.
10) 3) text: 32 Noah stands as the two young men lie on the ground. Noah at Ivy.
10) 5) dialog: No hitting.
10) 7) dialog: -I’'ll cry quarts.
10) 11) dialog: Like a church mouse. This makes Ivy laugh. Noah laughs too.
10) 18) dialog: vase . Nohitting. wees Ivy puts out her hand to shake.
10) 21) dialog: No cheating.
10) 23) text: 34 Noah looks back. Ivy takes off. She’s a good ten feet dow he turns to see her not there.
11) 0) text: Noah is bigger, stronger and faster, but he.has a hard ti young woman running ahead of him. She moves effortlessly. use her stick. She knows every step of these hills. She t by. She is laughing as she runs. : Noah passes her just as they finish. They both are out of the rock formation. One rock juts out at the base of an enormous wall of rock side of the hill. There is shade here. This is Resting Ro There is someone sitting there when they arrive. Noah goe sits with him. Ivy sits and catches her breath before loo direction. - .
11) 13) text: 36 Noah reaches into his pocket. He clutches something in hi into Ivy’s lap.
11) 26) dialog: No cheating. Ivy, Noah, and Lucius stand at the top of the hill and st turns and starts walking down the hill.
16) 6) text: Kitty walks down into the underground room with Noah and Only her head can be seen as she watches her little siste stand in the doorway to the outside. Ivy puts out her hand through the open doorway. She holds darkness. THE WARNING BELL RINGS OVER AND OVER IN THE DISTANCE.
22) 4) text: 61 Noah Percy helps cut a rope that tethers one of the frame statue in the ground. An elder holds the rope and points. laughs when the rope splits. He waves the knife in the ai elder quickly takes the knife away from him and smiles. joyously. The Edward and Tabitha Walker guide the others as the two sid frame are brought up into their standing positions. _ They look up at the structure for their daughter’s wedd their eyes. Beat. They are gathered by the others and begin tying garlands frame.