30) 5) text: BOBBY BENSON, a bright-eyed, eleven-year-old, is seated b his mother, HELEN BENSON, an attractive girl of thirty.  Disappointed that the set has been turned off, Bobby's ro eye has fallen on something in the doorway to the hall... Wide-eyed, he nudges his mother and points.
30) 6) dialog: Hey, Mom -- who's that?
30) 11) dialog: Are you an FBI man?
30) 13) text: Helen has stepped forward to make Bobby desist.
30) 14) dialog: Bet he is, Mom. Bet he's out looking  for that space man.
30) 20) text: She leads the way toward the hall and Klaatu starts to fo picking up his suitcase, when he is intercepted by Bobby.
30) 21) dialog: Can I help you look for the space  man? Can I? (excitedly) I know what he looks like! He's got  a square head -- and, three great  big eyes!
33) 15) text: Helen is debating the matter in her mind, concerned about leaving Bobby with a comparative stranger, but tempted be of her favorable impression of Klaatu.
34) 5) text: Bobby is impressed by the depth and sincerity of Klaatu's tribute, but a little confused by his air of having disco Lincoln. Hobby watches Klaatu with a puzzled expression,  then follows as Klaatu moves off slowly.
35) 2) text: Bobby looks up at him in bewilderment. After a moment Kla speaks slowly, thoughtfully.
35) 4) dialog: (puzzling it over) Gee -- I don't know... The space  man, I guess.
35) 8) dialog: (after a moments  thought) Well -- Professor Barnhardt, I guess.  He's the greatest scientist in the  world.
35) 10) dialog: Sure. Right near where my mother  works.
35) 12) dialog: Department of Commerce. She's a  secretary. (Klaatu nods) They have a man they call the  Secretary, but he isn't at all. My  mother's a real secretary. (after a moment;  eagerly) Mr. Carpenter -- now can we go see  the space ship?
36) 4) dialog: Boy, I'll bet he's strong. I bet he  could knock down a whole building.
36) 6) text: Bobby's attention shifts to the ship.
36) 9) dialog: (excitedly, indicating  the ship) Gee, I'd like to get inside and see  how it works. What do you think makes  it go?
36) 11) dialog: (looking at Klaatu  incredulously) I thought that was only for bombs.
36) 13) dialog: You think it can go faster than an F- 36?
36) 16) dialog: About a thousand miles an hour?
36) 19) dialog: (excitedly) Gee! How could they make a landing?
36) 23) text: The two men burst out laughing and move off together. Bob who has missed the point of this by-play, looks at Klaatu then after the men. As they move out of scene they laugh  loudly at the little boy's confusion. Klaatu takes Bobby' hand to lead him away from the roped-off area.
36) 28) dialog: You think they'll ever find him?
36) 30) dialog: (as they continue  walking) Mr. Carpenter -- what does velocity  mean?
36) 32) text: This explanation misses Bobby by several light years. He  glances up at Klaatu blankly.
36) 33) dialog: I'll bet that's the way Professor  Barnhardt talks.
36) 34) text: Pulled out of his reverie, Klaatu glances down at Bobby a smiles apologetically. Bobby grins back at him. Then, as  they walk on a few more steps, Klaatu stops and speaks  thoughtfully.
36) 36) dialog: (with a half-smile of  accusation) You're just kidding, aren't you?
36) 38) dialog: Well, sure I would, but -- (he's to be not going  taken in) Aw, I'll bet you'd be scared.
36) 40) text: Bobby stares up at him and his face breaks into a broad  admiring grin.
36) 41) dialog: I like you, Mr. Carpenter. You're a  real screwball.
37) 2) dialog: (disappointed at the  thought) Gee -- maybe he isn't home.
37) 3) text: Bobby wanders down the porch and looks into a window.  Fascinated by what he sees, he gestures to Klaatu.
37) 4) dialog: Betcha this is where he works--
37) 5) text: After a glance at the front door, Klaatu joins Bobby at t window and looks in.
37) 10) dialog: (indicating the  equations) What does that mean?
37) 12) dialog: Bet he's the only one in the world  knows the answer.
37) 14) text: Bobby moves over to a pair of French doors beyond the win and tries to peer in through the curtained doors. He abse tries the doors and finds them locked. Then he turns away with a disappointed but philosophical shrug.
37) 15) dialog: We probably couldn't get to see him  even if he was home.
37) 16) text: As Bobby moves away from the doors dejectedly, Klaatu put his hand on the knob.
37) 17) dialog: He's watching Klaatu and his eyes widen at what he sees.
37) 18) dialog: (in complete surprise) Hey -- where you going?
37) 21) text: Klaatu disappears into the study. Amazed, Bobby follows.
38) 0) text: Bobby watches as Klaatu walks to the blackboard and picks a piece of chalk. As though correcting a schoolboy's work he makes large check marks at several points in each equa
39) 0) text: An efficient-looking middle-aged woman is mounting the st to the entrance, getting her front door key out of her pu when her eye falls on the French doors, which are standin ajar. Puzzled, she starts down the porch toward the doors This woman is Barnhardt's secretary and her name is HILDA Bobby is watching as Klaatu writes across the blackboard a bold hand: Differentiate the equation ( ). Klaatu underlines this comment with a sharp stroke, when stern voice is heard off screen.
39) 2) text: as Klaatu and Bobby turn in surprise. Standing in the ope French doors is Hilda, eyeing them with stern suspicion.
39) 9) text: With a polite nod he goes out the French doors, followed Bobby. Hilda eyes the door for a moment, then glances dow at the paper in her hand, disturbed and puzzled by this  stranger. Her glance wanders to the blackboard and she pi up an eraser, debating whether to erase Klaatu's correcti At that moment the French door opens and Klaatu sticks hi head in. Startled, Hilda drops the eraser.
40) 0) text: as Klaatu and Bobby come down the steps and turn into the sidewalk. They are talking and laughing together, but we  can't hear their conversation. CAMERA PANS with them as t move on up the sidewalk, revealing two kids playing hopsc Klaatu watches, fascinated, as he walks by. Then, having  passed the kids, he tries the one-footed, then two-footed hop that characterizes the game.
43) 2) dialog: That's my father. (Klaatu glances at  the boy, then nods  understandingly) He was killed at a place called Anzio.
43) 3) text: Klaatu's glance roves out thoughtfully to the infinite ro of crosses, and his eyes are sad as they return to Bobby.
44) 2) dialog: (somewhat surprised) Sure. Didn't you ever hear of  Arlington Cemetery?
44) 4) dialog: (very serious) Mr. Carpenter" -- you don't seem to  know about anything.
44) 6) dialog: Is it different where you've been? (indicating the  cemetery) Don't they have places like this?
44) 8) text: Bobby looks at him, puzzled and impressed by this  incomprehensible notion.
44) 9) dialog: Gee -- that's a good idea.
44) 12) text: After a moment Bobby's expression changes and he breaks i a broad grin.
44) 13) dialog: Go to the movies.
44) 15) dialog: (he didn't dare hope  for this) No foolin'? Will you?
44) 17) text: Bobby gives him a look of amazement, then grins, assuming Klaatu was kidding and simply hasn't any money.
44) 18) dialog: (eagerly) I've got some money. My mother gave  me two dollars.
44) 22) dialog: Gee -- those look like diamonds!
44) 24) dialog: (staring at them  fascinated) Bet they're worth about a million  dollars.
44) 26) dialog: (with a nervous, unsure  smile) Well, sure, but--
44) 27) text: The boy studies Klaatu's face to see if he's kidding.  Realizing that he's not, Bobby's face takes on a childish shrewd expression -- as though he were about to trade a  jackknife for an ocean liner.
44) 28) dialog: (slowly) Okay.
44) 29) text: The boy takes out two dollar bills and offers them almost challengingly. Klaatu takes the bills and hands Bobby two good-sized Diamonds. They study their new acquisitions wi interest. Bobby looks up from his diamonds to steal a gui glance at Klaatu.
44) 30) dialog: Let's not say anything to my mother  about this, Mr. Carpenter.
44) 32) dialog: (gravely) She doesn't like me to steal from  people.
46) 0) text: As the Detective mounts the steps he glances through a wi into the living room. Klaatu can be seen reading to Bobby who is perched happily on the arm of Klaatu's chair. The  Detective moves to the front door ant rings the bell. The is the sound of running feet and in a moment the door is  opened and Bobby appears.
46) 2) dialog: (studying the man  curiously) Yeah -- he's right inside.
47) 2) dialog: (calling out) Mr. Carpenter--! (to the Detective) Come on in.
47) 3) text: The Detective steps inside and Bobby closes the door, as  Klaatu appears from the living room.
50) 0) text: The Detective is putting on his hat and preparing to leav with Klaatu as Helen enters. There is a moment of awkward and confusion as she glances, puzzled, at the Detective.  Bobby runs to her and greets her excitedly.
50) 1) dialog: Hi Mom!
50) 5) dialog: (Impressively) Mr. Brady's a cop.
50) 6) text: Helen glances quickly at the Detective, then at Klaatu,  surprised and troubled. She turns to Bobby to cover her  confusion.
50) 8) dialog: (enthusiastically) Boy, we had a swell time. Didn't we,  Mr. Carpenter?
50) 10) dialog: We went to the movies -- and we had  ice cream cones -- and we went to  see Daddy--
50) 14) text: As Klaatu nods and prepares to follow him, Bobby speaks t Klaatu.
50) 15) dialog: Aw, gee -- we didn't finish our story.
50) 17) dialog: (reluctantly) Goodnight.
50) 18) text: Klaatu and the Detective nod to Helen and they go out. He watches the door close with real concern, wondering why t police want Klaatu and hoping he hasn't done anything wro Still disturbed, she turns to lead Bobby upstairs.
50) 20) dialog: (he followers her,  then hesitates) Mom -- why does Mr. Carpenter have  to go down to the police station?
50) 23) dialog: We sure had fun today. We saw the  space ship and we went to see  Professor Barnhardt -- and--
50) 25) dialog: (almost ignoring the  interruption) Yeah, sure. Mom, do I have to go to  school tomorrow?
50) 27) dialog: Aw, gee, Mom -- I had plans to play  with Mr. Carpenter.
58) 0) text: Bobby is at a table doing his homework and Klaatu has jus finished explaining an arithmetic problem to him, as Hele enters, still putting on her coat.
58) 2) dialog: Thanks, Mr. Carpenter.
58) 7) text: He turns and goes out, closing the door. A little distrac Helen turns to Bobby.
58) 9) dialog: Okay.
58) 12) dialog: (shocked, and  bewildered) Gee, why, Mom? He's my best friend...  And he's awful good in arithmetic.  He even helps Professor Barnhardt.
58) 14) dialog: Sure we did! He wasn't there but we  went to see him. And Mr. Carpenter  showed him how to do his arithmetic.
58) 16) dialog: (shrewdly) Mom -- is there something wrong with  Mr. Carpenter?
58) 18) dialog: I mean -- on account of that policeman  last night. (his eyes light up  hopefully) You think he's a bank robber, maybe?  Or a gangster?
58) 21) dialog: Goodnight. (stopping her in the  doorway, his  imaginative suspicions  mounting) Hey Mom -- why would he want to be  alone?
58) 22) text: Not wanting to go into this any further, Helen blows him kiss and backs out, closing the door. Bobby stands thinki for a moment, his mind still speculating on all sorts of  wonderful possibilities. Still preoccupied, he drifts ove to his bed and sits down to take of his shoes. He drops t first one to the floor and is starting on the other, when there is a light rap on his door. The door opens and Klaa appears.
58) 24) dialog: (surprised by his  appearance and his  request) Yeah -- sure. (he goes to a drawer  and gets a large  hand flashlight) It's a real Boy Scout flashlight.
58) 25) text: Bobby hands him the light, studying his face with eager  curiosity.
58) 26) dialog: What do you want it for, Mr.  Carpenter?
58) 28) text: Klaatu goes out, closing the door behind him. Bobby hesit a moment, puzzled and curious. Then he goes over to the d flips off the lights, and slowly, noiselessly opens the d a crack so he can peer out into the hall.
58) 29) text: shooting down the hall through the crack in Bobby's door. Klaatu's door is ajar and through it the lights in his ro can be seen burning brightly. Klaatu goes to his door, re in and flips off the lights and closes the door. He then  scans the hall in both directions. Satisfied he isn't see he moves surreptitiously down the hall toward the stairs, still carrying the flashlight.
58) 30) dialog: as he closes his door carefully, an expression of intense excitement on his face. What he has seem is certainly,  unmistakably suspicious. Why did Mr. Carpenter lie to him What does he want the flashlight for and where is he goin Bobby decides he's got to find out. Hurriedly he laces on the shoe he had taken off, and peers out the door to find the hall clear. He slips out the door, closing it behind  him.
59) 1) dialog: Half a block behind, he's following Klaatu, eagerly, flus with a sense of excitement and adventure.
61) 1) dialog: He is a short distance away, watching Klaatu eagerly.
61) 5) dialog: puzzled and interested, as he watches Klaatu.
61) 14) dialog: craning his neck to look for Klaatu, who has eluded his v Suddenly he sees Klaatu again.
61) 17) dialog: He lets out an inaudible gasp as he sees this. Bug-eyed, glances quickly to the point where he last saw Klaatu. He amazed at what he sees.
61) 18) text: from Bobby's viewpoint. Klaatu has emerged from the  concealment of the tree-lined path and is making his way  calmly toward the entrance of the building.
61) 19) dialog: As he watches Klaatu enter the building, his curiosity  conquers his fear and he starts tremblingly toward the  structure.
63) 0) text: as Bobby approaches the door, fearful but fascinated. He  peers cautiously inside and his eyes grow wide as saucers
64) 1) dialog: as he watches this; his eyes bulging. He can scarcely bel what he has seen. Suddenly a wave of sheer terror sweeps  over him. Scrambling to his feet, he turns and runs wildl away.
66) 5) text: Helen and Tom appear in the doorway, Helen is startled to see Bobby, who has Jumped up and run toward her.
66) 7) dialog: (excitedly) I couldn't go to sleep, Mom. I had  to tell you!
66) 9) dialog: (the words tadpole  out breathlessly) I followed Mr. Carpenter -- right  after you left -- and, gee, Mom,  where do you think he went? Right  into the space ship!
66) 11) dialog: Honest, Mom, I saw him. It just opened  up and he walked right in. And that  great big iron man was moving around!
66) 13) dialog: (desperately) No, I haven't, Mom. I promise you...  I saw it!
66) 16) dialog: On the lawn down at the mall -- in  that place with the soldiers out  front.
66) 18) dialog: That robot fella grabbed 'em and  dragged 'em inside! (his lips trembling) I like Mr. Carpenter -- but I'm  scared, Mom.
66) 21) text: Nodding, Tom disappears into the hall and up the stairs.  Still holding Bobby, Helen tries to dispel his fears by a appeal to logic.
66) 23) dialog: Yes, I have!
66) 25) text: Bitterly hurt, Bobby faces his mother gravely, accusingly
66) 26) dialog: I'd never call you a liar.
69) 0) text: Through the hall door Tom can be seen coming down the sta Helen and Bobby watch expectantly as he enters.
69) 4) dialog: Mr. Carpenter's got a lot of diamonds. (he digs into his  pocket) He gave me a couple of them.
69) 5) text: Helen takes the two diamonds Bobby holds out in his hand, looking at them in amazement.
69) 7) dialog: (guilty for his own  sharp dealing) Well, not exactly. I gave him two  dollars.
69) 10) dialog: Gee, Mom, do you think maybe he's a  diamond smuggler?
69) 16) dialog: Oh, boy -- can I, Mom?
69) 18) dialog: (reluctantly, with  childish guilt) Yeah -- the grass was kind of wet.