19) 29) dialog: Yes, sir.
20) 9) dialog: Excuse me. (to the Colonel) What about the reporters, Colonel?  They're swarming all over the lobby.
20) 12) dialog: Yes, sir. (glancing down the  corridor) Mr. Harley's here from the White  House.
23) 0) text: Two Medical Corps officers, a Captain and a Major are  interestedly studying a series of X-ray films.
23) 2) dialog: And the lungs are the same as ours.  Must mean a similar atmosphere --  similar pressure. (nodding, toward  Klaatu's room) How old do you think he is?
23) 4) dialog: (smiling) He told me this morning when I  examined him. He's seventy-eight.
23) 6) dialog: Their life expectancy is a hundred  and thirty.
23) 8) dialog: He says their medicine is that much  more advanced. (the major stares at  him blankly) He was very nice about it. But he  made me feel like a third-class witch  doctor.
23) 15) dialog: What are you going to do with it?
51) 45) text: The Detective takes Klaatu's arm and leads him toward the door. As they go they pass a Military Police Captain, who makes his way straight to the Lieutenant's desk.
52) 5) dialog: (to Klaatu firmly but  respectfully) Will you come with me, Sir?
52) 6) text: as Klaatu gets out of the police car and the Captain esco him toward the staff car. Passing the Lieutenant, Klaatu  speaks with a polite smile, a smile that might be one of  mild triumph.
52) 8) text: The Lieutenant reacts with impatient exasperation as the  Captain holds the staff car door open for Klaatu, who ste into the Army vehicle, as we--
53) 0) text: as the M.P. Captain and Klaatu enter the front door, whic is held open for then by Hilda. She gestures them toward half-open door of Barnhardt's study, where Barnhardt can seen puzzling over the problem on the blackboard. The Cap knocks on the open door to attract his attention and ente with Klaatu.
54) 1) dialog: This is the man you wanted to see,  Professor.
54) 3) dialog: I'll wait outside.
54) 17) text: Barnhardt hesitates for a long, thoughtful moment. Then h goes to the door, opens it and speaks to the Captain outs
123) 0) text: The Colonel who was in charge of Klaatu's apprehension is speaking into a phone at the desk of the Police Sergeant. Standing by are three or four Army officers, among them a Captain and a Lieutenant.