19) 24) text: Klaatu lets the object drop with a shrug of mild exaspera The two lieutenants exchange a helpless look of bewilderm Then Klaatu raises himself to his feet painfully, holding his wounded shoulder. As he does so, a colonel and a capt come into scene.
19) 25) dialog: (to the lieutenants) Is he all right?
19) 27) text: The three junior officers exchange ineffectual glances an look to the colonel, who thinks for a moment before makin his decision.
19) 28) dialog: Send for an ambulance. Get him to  Walter Reed Hospital right away.
20) 0) text: There is a door to the corridor and a door to Klaatu's ro In the small sitting room, talking in tones of hushed con is a group of men. There's a Major General, a likable man with a chest full of ribbons. There are also a Colonel in command of the hospital, a high-ranking police officer, a couple of medical officers and two civilians. The convers is interrupted by the entrance from Klaatu's room of a Me Corps Major, followed by an Army Nurse.
20) 5) dialog: (to General) We informed the White House over an  hour ago.
20) 10) text: The Colonel turns, in deference, to the General.
82) 2) text: Ryder is a Colonel of engineers, a man about forty-five.
82) 5) dialog: No, sir. I've Just checked on that.  He's locked up tight as a drum.
97) 0) text: The General is on the phone and is making notes. There ar couple of officers standing near his desk, a Colonel and Lieutenant Colonel.
97) 2) text: The Colonel nods and starts out of the room, as we--
102) 0) text: (This is opposite end of street from last shot.) Barrelin across the intersection into the boardinghouse street is jeep followed by the Colonel's staff car.
103) 0) text: As the Jeep and staff car pull up in front of the boardin house, the soldiers in the jeep pile out and cover the  entrance to the house. Meanwhile the Colonel, still in th staff car, is talking to the two kids playing out front.  They chatter excitedly, pointing in the direction taken b the cab.
104) 0) dialog: He speaks into his radio in tones of clipped and quiet  efficiency. The car remains standing at the curb.
104) 1) dialog: (into radio) Attention, Zone 5... Yellow cab,  moving north on B from Ninth Street.  Man and woman in back seat. Get the  license number and report.
108) 0) dialog: (The car is still in front of the boardinghouse.) The Col listens to his radio for a moment, then speaks into his  transmitter.
108) 1) dialog: (into radio) Attention, Zone 5... license number  of target vehicle is W 4936... All  vehicles maintain your positions --  and hold your fire.
110) 0) dialog: 
110) 1) dialog: (into radio) Attention, Zone 5 -- report when  target vehicle passes your position.
111) 10) dialog: (into radio) Attention, Zone 5... Section number  2 -- block off Tenth Street at  Massachusetts. All vehicles close  in.
111) 11) text: The Colonel motions to his driver and the staff car pulls out.
123) 0) text: The Colonel who was in charge of Klaatu's apprehension is speaking into a phone at the desk of the Police Sergeant. Standing by are three or four Army officers, among them a Captain and a Lieutenant.
123) 1) dialog: (into phone) Yes, sir, we've got the body here  now. Downstairs in a cell... No  question about it, General -- he's  dead all right... Yes, sir. Yes -- I  understand.
123) 2) text: The General has apparently hung up and the Colonel does  likewise, turning to the officers in the room.
123) 3) dialog: General Cutler's coming down here  right away. (to the Lieutenant) Take a squad of men, Lieutenant, and  post a guard around that cell. (to Captain) Captain, don't let anyone in or out  of the building.
129) 0) text: shooting from the outside, near the front entrance to the building, through a window into the main room where the P Sergeant's desk is. The Lieutenant who was ordered to gua Klaatu's cell is excitedly reporting to the Colonel how G broke in and took Klaatu's body. Considerably agitated, t Colonel snaps orders to the other officers, glances at hi watch and motions for the Lieutenant to follow him. He an the Lieutenant cross to the door and CAMERA PANS with the as they come outside the building, hurry down the steps a get into a staff car. Several other Army vehicles join th staff car as it roars away from the curb.
132) 3) dialog: I'm sorry, Professor Barnhardt -- I  have to ask you to call off this  meeting.
132) 5) dialog: I know you did. But the robots on  the loose now and it isn't safe around  here. You'll have to get your friends  out of that building.
136) 5) text: The Colonel stands near the door, flanked by a group of  soldiers, their rifles at the ready. The Colonel is start by what he sees. His eyes are on the revered figure of Kl and he's debating what he should do.
136) 18) text: of four delegates, reflecting their stark terror and  bewilderment. And a cut of the Colonel and the soldiers,  impressed and held by what Klaatu is saying.