30) 5) text: BOBBY BENSON, a bright-eyed, eleven-year-old, is seated b his mother, HELEN BENSON, an attractive girl of thirty.  Disappointed that the set has been turned off, Bobby's ro eye has fallen on something in the doorway to the hall... Wide-eyed, he nudges his mother and points.
30) 13) text: Helen has stepped forward to make Bobby desist.
30) 15) dialog: (with an apologetic  smile at Klaatu) I think we've all been hearing too  much about "space men."
30) 22) dialog: (good-naturedly,  calming him down) That's enough, Bobby. I think it's  time you went to bed.
32) 0) text: Five of the boarders -- Mr. and Mrs. Barley, Mr. Krull, H Benson and Klaatu - are finishing their Sunday morning  breakfast. Mrs. Barley is a middle-class Helen Hokinson l form and unrelenting. Her husband is a born complainer. M Krull is a shriveled little accountant, precise and finic As they finish their coffee, all except Helen are immerse in the Sunday papers. Helen seems preoccupied with her ow thoughts. From a portable radio on the table comes Gabrie Heater's voice.
32) 18) dialog: (thoughtfully) This space man -- or whatever he is.  We automatically assume he's a  menace... Maybe he isn't at all.
32) 21) dialog: Maybe he's afraid.
32) 23) dialog: After all, he was shot the moment he  landed here. (she pauses for a  moment thoughtfully) I was just wondering what I would  do.
32) 33) text: Mrs. Crockett enters and speaks to Helen.
32) 35) dialog: Oh -- thank you.
33) 0) text: as Helen crosses the room to greet TOM STEVENS. He's a  personable young man with a breezy manner and considerabl charm. There is between them an easy air of Intimacy.
33) 1) dialog: (smiling warmly) Good morning.
33) 4) dialog: (a little disturbed) There's only one thing -- I haven't  been able to arrange for anyone to  stay with Bobby. (tentatively) I don't suppose we could take him  with us?
33) 6) dialog: There's always somebody here, but  today of course they've all got plans.
33) 8) text: Helen and Tom turn in surprise.
33) 9) text: including Klaatu, who has wandered in from the dining roo unnoticed by Tom and Helen. Klaatu continues, with an air wanting to be helpful without wanting to interfere.
33) 12) dialog: (hesitating, a little  confused, by the  offer) It's awfully nice of you to suggest  it. (remembering the two  men haven't met) I'm sorry Mr. Carpenter -- this is  Tom Stevens.
33) 13) text: The two men shake hand's and exchange how-do-you-do's. Th Klaatu turns back to Helen.
33) 15) text: Helen is debating the matter in her mind, concerned about leaving Bobby with a comparative stranger, but tempted be of her favorable impression of Klaatu.
33) 17) text: He turns, with a little smile, and starts out of the room Helen, still not quite decided, turns to Tom with a  questioning look. Tom nods.
49) 1) dialog: (fondly) It was a wonderful day.
49) 3) dialog: (warmly sincere) You know how I feel, Tom. I just  want to think it over.
49) 5) dialog: (smiling) You're a good salesman -- but I've  got to think about it.
49) 7) text: With a smile and, a quick kiss, Helen gets out of the car
49) 8) dialog: 'Night.
49) 9) text: as Helen turns and hurries across the sidewalk to the hou In the entrance she turns and waves to Tom. He waves back and drives off slowly. Helen lets herself in with her key
50) 0) text: The Detective is putting on his hat and preparing to leav with Klaatu as Helen enters. There is a moment of awkward and confusion as she glances, puzzled, at the Detective.  Bobby runs to her and greets her excitedly.
50) 2) dialog: Hello, darling. (she kisses Bobby,  then turns  questioningly to  Klaatu and the  Detective) Good evening, Mr. Carpenter.
50) 6) text: Helen glances quickly at the Detective, then at Klaatu,  surprised and troubled. She turns to Bobby to cover her  confusion.
50) 7) dialog: (to Bobby) Did you have a nice day, dear?
50) 11) dialog: (moved and grateful,  she's uneasy and  concerned as she  turns to Klaatu) I don't know how to thank you.
50) 18) text: Klaatu and the Detective nod to Helen and they go out. He watches the door close with real concern, wondering why t police want Klaatu and hoping he hasn't done anything wro Still disturbed, she turns to lead Bobby upstairs.
50) 19) dialog: Come on, Bobby. Time to go to bed.
50) 21) dialog: I -- I don't know, dear... Perhaps  there's some mistake.
50) 22) text: This satisfies him for the moment -- even though it doesn satisfy Helen. He is climbing the stairs beside her.
50) 24) dialog: (flashing him a  puzzled, incredulous  look) Professor Barnhardt.
50) 26) dialog: Of course, dear.
55) 0) text: It is about 3:30 the following evening. Helen is sitting a chair leafing through a magazine. She is dressed to go  out. A corner of the dining room can be seen, where Mr. a Mrs. Barley are playing cards with Mr. Krull. Mrs. Crocke the landlady, enters from the hall on her way to the dini room and notices Helen.
55) 2) dialog: Yes, I'm waiting for Tom to pick me  up.
55) 6) text: Klaatu steps aside as she hurries nervously into the dini room. He turns, puzzled, to find Helen watching with a sl smile.
55) 8) dialog: Jittery is the word.
55) 9) text: Helen watches him, a little uneasy in his presence. She i fond of him, and she can't help being curious and concern about his brush with the police.
55) 11) dialog: He has his homework to keep him  occupied.
55) 13) dialog: Naturally I think so.
55) 15) text: Helen is deeply moved by Klaatu's affection for the boy, tried to dismiss her curiosity about him, but she can't. decides to face it.
55) 16) dialog: (hesitantly and with  some difficulty) Mr. Carpenter -- this is none of my  business, but -- why did that  detective come here last night?
55) 18) text: Helen has reacted in puzzlement at this second mention of Barnhardt. They are interrupted by the ringing of the  doorbell. Helen goes to answer it.
56) 0) text: as Helen opens the front door to admit Tom. He appears  impatient, anxious to get going.
56) 1) dialog: Hello--
56) 3) dialog: I will be in just a minute.
56) 5) dialog: (in explanation) I was talking to Mr. Carpenter.
56) 7) text: Helen tries to shush him, to indicate Klaatu is in the ne room, when Klaatu appears in the doorway. He must have he Tom's remark, and there is an awkward moment. Klaatu is  completely unperturbed, but Helen is embarrassed.
56) 9) dialog: (guiltily) Goodnight, Mr. Carpenter.
56) 12) text: He goes on up the stairs. Helen steers Tom toward the liv room.
56) 13) dialog: Why don't you wait in here while I  get my things?
57) 0) text: As they enter from the hall, Helen turns to Tom reproachf
57) 1) dialog: (quietly) Oh, Tom, that was awful.
57) 3) text: This touches on Helen's own private doubts, and she canno answer.
57) 4) dialog: I'll go get my things.
58) 4) text: Helen is embarrassed. She would like to apologize for the awkwardness downstairs but she doesn't quite know how to about it.
58) 5) dialog: Mr. Carpenter, I-- (it's too complicated;  she can't do it) Goodnight.
58) 7) text: He turns and goes out, closing the door. A little distrac Helen turns to Bobby.
58) 8) dialog: Go to bed, darling. You can finish  that in the morning.
58) 10) text: Helen watches as he starts to put away his work. She want to tell him something, but finds it difficult to say.
58) 11) dialog: (hesitantly, almost  guiltily) Bobby -- I think it would be better  if we didn't see quite so much of  Mr. Carpenter
58) 13) dialog: Did you and Mr. Carpenter really go  to see Professor Barnhardt?
58) 15) text: Helen is surprised to get this corroboration for Klaatu's story. Sensing his mother's uneasiness, the boy looks for something intriguing -- some deep, dark secret.
58) 17) dialog: What do you mean, dear?
58) 19) dialog: No, dear, of course not. He's a very  nice man. I Just think he might prefer  to be left alone. Now you get to bed  and forget about it. (she kisses him) 'Night, darling.
58) 22) text: Not wanting to go into this any further, Helen blows him kiss and backs out, closing the door. Bobby stands thinki for a moment, his mind still speculating on all sorts of  wonderful possibilities. Still preoccupied, he drifts ove to his bed and sits down to take of his shoes. He drops t first one to the floor and is starting on the other, when there is a light rap on his door. The door opens and Klaa appears.
66) 5) text: Helen and Tom appear in the doorway, Helen is startled to see Bobby, who has Jumped up and run toward her.
66) 6) dialog: Bobby--! What are you doing up at  this hour?
66) 8) dialog: Tell me what?
66) 10) dialog: (patiently disbelieving) Now, Bobby, just a minute--
66) 12) dialog: Bobby, you've been dreaming again.
66) 14) text: Helen and Tom exchange a glance of tolerant amusement.
66) 19) text: He rushes into Helen's arms, clutching her desperately, t to hold back his tears.
66) 20) dialog: (holding him close to  her sympathetically) Mustn't be frightened, darling -- It  was just a bad dream. Here -- we'll  prove it to you. (with a look and a  nod to Tom) Tom, will you ask Mr. Carpenter if  he'll come down for a minute. (Tom turns to go) The room right opposite mine.
66) 21) text: Nodding, Tom disappears into the hall and up the stairs.  Still holding Bobby, Helen tries to dispel his fears by a appeal to logic.
66) 22) dialog: Now think back hard. You didn't follow  Mr. Carpenter at all, did you? You  haven't even been out of the house.
66) 24) dialog: (determinedly) You didn't really see the space ship.  You just thought you did.
69) 0) text: Through the hall door Tom can be seen coming down the sta Helen and Bobby watch expectantly as he enters.
69) 2) dialog: (takes the stone and  studies it, amazed  by its size) Is it real?
69) 5) text: Helen takes the two diamonds Bobby holds out in his hand, looking at them in amazement.
69) 6) dialog: He gave these to you?
69) 9) text: Helen tries to shush Tom, not wanting to re-stimulate Bob imagination, but it's too late.
69) 11) dialog: (firmly) Come on, darling -- we're going up  to bed.
69) 13) dialog: (cutting him off with  a look) Bobby and I have had enough excitement  for tonight.
69) 15) dialog: (nods reassuringly) I've got a good lock on my door. (smiling at Bobby) And Bobby's going to sleep in my  room tonight.
69) 17) dialog: Yes, dear. Come on now. (she happens to look  down at his feet.  Puzzled, and  concerned, she feels  his shoes) Bobby, your shoes are soaking!
69) 19) text: As the impact of this sinks in, Helen and Tom turn to sta at each other in questioning consternation.
70) 0) text: It is a typical government office, with lots of desks in Helen is at her desk, straightening it up to go to lunch. This done, she moves briskly to get her coat. CAMERA PANS follow her and suddenly, startlingly reveals Klaatu stand near the clothes rack, as though he had materialized out thin air. Helen is thoroughly startled.
70) 1) dialog: (unnerved) Oh -- hello--
70) 3) dialog: I -- I was Just going to lunch.
70) 5) text: She is nervous and uneasy but obviously can't refuse. The telephone on her desk rings and Helen turns to answer it.
70) 6) dialog: (into phone) Mrs. Benson speaking. (recognizing the voice,  she glances nervously  at Klaatu) Oh, hello...
72) 1) dialog: (with a nervous glance  at Klaatu) I -- I'm afraid I can't -- not right  now. Can I talk to you later?. Yes,  that'll be fine. 'Bye.
73) 0) text: CAMERA MOVES with Helen and Klaatu as they go down the  corridor. Klaatu's mood is one of quiet tension.
73) 2) dialog: (glancing at him  apprehensively) Yes--?
73) 4) dialog: (nervous and evasive) I -- I didn't really pay much  attention-- (with a nervous little  laugh) Bobby has such an active imagination.
73) 8) dialog: There's another elevator we can use--
73) 10) text: CAMERA FOLLOWS them as they turn into the side corridor.  Helen leads the way to a small, automatic elevator. She  presses the button and the doors open. Klaatu follows her in.
74) 0) text: As Helen presses the first floor button, the doors close the elevator starts down. She turns to face Klaatu.
74) 1) dialog: (her nerves raw and  edgy) What is it you want?
74) 4) dialog: (gasping with fright) What happened?
74) 6) text: Helen fumbles to get her wrist watch into a faint beam of light.
74) 7) dialog: Just twelve.
74) 9) dialog: (preoccupied with her  own thinking) We could try pushing the other  buttons. (digging in her purse) I have a flashlight in my purse.
74) 11) text: Helen has the flashlight out and is snapping it on, but i doesn't work. She looks up at him blankly.
74) 12) dialog: Why not?
74) 15) dialog: Bobby was telling the truth -- wasn't  he?
84) 2) text: Helen is staring at him in awe, but also in complete  admiration and sympathy.
84) 3) dialog: Yes, of course. Of course I do.
84) 5) dialog: (studying his face  anxiously) You hold great hope for this meeting.
84) 7) text: Suddenly and without warning, the elevator starts moving the lights go on. Startled, Helen looks at him.
84) 9) dialog: (looks at her watch,  then back at him,  awe-struck) Yes -- Just exactly.
85) 1) dialog: Where are you going now?
85) 3) text: This recalls to Helen something she had forgotten and she stops in sudden concern.
85) 4) dialog: No, wait a minute -- there's someone  else.
85) 6) dialog: Tom... He was there last night when  Bobby told me what he saw.
85) 7) text: The look of concern on Klaatu's face heightens Helen's  overwhelming fear and uncertainty.
85) 8) dialog: (worriedly) Of course, he doesn't know anything  definite. He'd talk to me first,  anyway, before-- (interrupting herself  in sudden decision) We can't take that chance. I'll get  in touch with him right away and  make sure.
85) 9) text: Helen turns and starts determinedly for the lobby door,  followed by Klaatu, as we--
86) 0) text: Helen is nervous and worried as she speaks into the phone
86) 1) dialog: (into phone) --But I've got to talk to him. It's  terribly important. When is he coming  back?
88) 1) dialog: Tell him I want to see him the minute  he gets in... No, I'll call back.
88) 2) text: Helen hangs up, thoroughly worried and distraught now.
93) 7) text: Tom disappears into his office, closing the door. The  secretary is getting out a telephone directory when the  corridor door opens and Helen enters, tense and nervous.
93) 9) dialog: Yes, I am, Margaret.
93) 12) text: Helen is starting for the door when it opens and Tom appe
93) 13) dialog: Tom -- I've been trying to get you  all afternoon--
94) 0) text: as Tom follows Helen inside and closes the door. He turns her, his voice tense with excitement.
94) 2) dialog: (trying to appear  calm) What about him?
94) 4) dialog: (evenly, with quiet  tension) All right, Tom -- it's true. I know  it's true.
94) 6) dialog: Never mind about that. (urgently, with great  concern) You've got to promise me you won't  say a word to anybody.
94) 8) dialog: You don't understand. You don't  realize how important it is.
94) 10) dialog: That's what I'm trying to tell you.  We mustn't do anything about it.  Believe me, Tom, I know what I'm  talking about.
94) 12) dialog: (desperately) But he isn't a menace! He told me  what he came here for.
94) 14) dialog: (eyeing him coldly) Is that what you're thinking about?
94) 17) dialog: I'm not going to let you do it, Tom. (with deep personal  urgency) Believe me, this is literally the  most important thing in the world.
94) 20) text: Realizing what he's doing, Helen crosses to him, pleading wildly, desperately.
94) 21) dialog: Tom, you mustn't -- ! You don't know  what you're doing! It isn't just you  and Mr. Carpenter. The rest of the  world, is involved!
94) 25) dialog: (staring at him starkly) I feel different right now.
94) 27) dialog: I'm not going to marry anybody.
98) 0) dialog: The cab is traveling through city traffic. Nervous and ed Helen glances at her watch impatiently.
100) 0) text: Helen's cab rounds the corner into the boardinghouse stre CAMERA PANS with cab as it draws up in front of the  boardinghouse. The cab waits as Helen jumps out and runs the steps to the front door. A couple of children are pla jump-rope in the light of a street lamp.
101) 0) text: as Klaatu and Helen come hurrying down the steps and pile into the waiting taxi. The kids playing Jump-rope stop an watch as the door is closed and the cab pulls out,  disappearing as it makes a right turn at the end of the  street.
105) 0) text: The cab 's moving through traffic at a normal speed. Klaa and Helen are tense and nervous.
106) 0) text: The cab's moving through traffic at a normal speed. Klaat and Helen are tense and nervous.
106) 2) dialog: Where is the meeting going to be?
109) 0) text: shooting at the driver, over the shoulders of Klaatu and  Helen, as he turns and points out the Army vehicles to th with a shrug of bewilderment. They look ahead at the  intersection they are approaching.
109) 1) dialog: looking ahead out of her side of the cab, at the intersec
110) 2) text: shooting through the window at Helen and Klaatu, who are  growing more tense and nervous.
111) 1) dialog: (trying to give him  encouragement) It's only a few blocks to Barnhardt's.
111) 3) dialog: Gort? (puzzled) But he's a robot. I mean -- without  you, what could he do?
111) 5) dialog: (shocked and  bewildered, she  repeats nervously) "Klaatu barada nikto."
111) 7) text: Helen nods, repeating the words soundlessly.
113) 2) text: As he slows his cab down, Helen leans forward into scene. Frenzied, she is about to urge the driver on when Klaatu  puts a restraining hand on her shoulder.
114) 5) text: Klaatu is unable to say any more. He is dead. Helen looks around wildly, helplessly, with tears and terror in her e
114) 6) text: as the soldiers pile out of their vehicles and close in o the place where Klaatu lies. He is their first and all- important concern, and Helen finds herself pushed out of way, toward the edge of the growing crowd of soldiers.
118) 0) dialog: Hurrying along a footpath, nervous and distraught, she pa for a moment, looking at the entrance of the building. Th she starts determinedly across the grass toward the entra
118) 1) text: PANNING with Helen as she approaches the entrance fearful Rallying all her courage and determination, she forces he to step inside.
119) 0) dialog: as she enters the huge, weirdly lighted building. She sto short as her glance falls on the awesome figure of Gort.  Loneliness and terror grip her and she wants to run -- bu she realizes she can't.
119) 1) text: He has seen Helen and his flashing eyes bore into her. Hi upper body and arms are free now, and the plastic is rapi melting away.
119) 2) dialog: She is held fascinated by the robot's staring eyes. For  another moment it looks as if she would, break and run. B she summons all her courage, and moves slowly toward Gort whose legs are still held captive.
119) 5) dialog: as she stops advancing, rooted to the spot in fear. Then starts backing away, keeping her eyes on him.
119) 7) dialog: Her eyes go wide with terror as she realizes she's trappe In a wild effort to run around him, she stumbles and fall to the floor. Immobilized with fright, she lies breathles looking up at him. Then she gives a piercing scream.
119) 9) dialog: All hope gone, she is blessed with a moment of lucidity, she remembers the message Klaatu told her to deliver.
119) 10) dialog: Gort--! (with desperate clarity) Klaatu -- barada -- nikto.
119) 13) text: PANNING with Gort as he carries Helen, speechless with fr to the side of the ship. He touches the side, and the ram moves slightly out. He mounts the ramp, still carrying He and disappears into the ship with her. And the ramp close silently behind them.
120) 0) text: CAMERA FOLLOWS as Gort carries Helen through the dimly li corridor into the main cabin, where he flips a switch tha lights up the cabin. The robot proceeds to a small door  leading off the main cabin and disappears with Helen insi it.
121) 0) text: This is revealed as a weirdly equipped laboratory, the wa of which are lined with the most complex array of mechani and electronic apparatus. Gort sets Helen down on a stool and indicates for her to stay there. Too terrified to mov Helen watches as he busies himself with the apparatus. He starts flipping switches and turning dials. As a result,  lights begin to flash and there's a strange series of  mechanical noises.
121) 1) dialog: Unable to guess the reason for these preparations, she is gripped with a terrible fear.
121) 2) text: Ignoring Helen completely, Gort finishes his work. Then h moves to the door and goes out, closing the door behind h Helen rushes to the door and searches frantically for the knob -- only to find, to her terror, that there is none.  Frenziedly she beats on the solid metal door.
128) 0) text: Alone in the cabin, Helen is still terrified. She looks u startled as the door opens and Gort enters, carrying Klaa body over to a long counter. Once again he starts fiddlin with knobs, switches and dials. As Helen watches, speechl he starts to fasten strange-looking electrodes to Klaatu' wrist and ankle.
131) 1) dialog: as she watches, fascinated in spite of her terror.
131) 5) dialog: (staring at him) I -- I thought you were--
131) 7) dialog: (looking at Gort in  awe) You mean he has the power of life  and death?
131) 10) dialog: (concerned for him) But how -- how long--?
133) 2) text: Helen is genuinely upset at the thought of his leaving an the knowledge that he is to die. There is a compelling wa of feeling between these two.
133) 3) dialog: (simply, sincerely) We'll miss you very much -- Bobby  and I. (smiling to conceal  her real feelings) He won't have anyone to play with.
133) 5) dialog: (quietly -- definitely) No. That's all finished.
133) 7) dialog: (she is sensible and  objective, but not  unfeeling) I think I'm very lucky. You don't  always get a chance to recognize a  mistake before you make it.
135) 0) text: Klaatu and Helen are watching and listening, as the last  sentence of Barnhardt's speech above comes over the speak Klaatu flips off the switch, which cuts off the view of t meeting and also Barnhardt's voice. At this moment Gort m across the cabin and Klaatu speaks to him.
136) 23) text: CAMERA MOVES IN on Klaatu as he is saying goodbye to Barn and Helen. He turns then and speaks to Gort, glancing up the building as he does so.
136) 27) text: Klaatu is standing at the head of the ramp as Gort comes the ramp and disappears inside the ship. Klaatu is noddin goodbye to Barnhardt and Helen.