39) 0) text: An efficient-looking middle-aged woman is mounting the st to the entrance, getting her front door key out of her pu when her eye falls on the French doors, which are standin ajar. Puzzled, she starts down the porch toward the doors This woman is Barnhardt's secretary and her name is HILDA Bobby is watching as Klaatu writes across the blackboard a bold hand: Differentiate the equation ( ). Klaatu underlines this comment with a sharp stroke, when stern voice is heard off screen.
39) 2) text: as Klaatu and Bobby turn in surprise. Standing in the ope French doors is Hilda, eyeing them with stern suspicion.
39) 3) dialog: (outraged by Klaatu's  desecration of the  sacred blackboard) How dare you write on that blackboard! (Klaatu eyes her mildly) Do you realize the Professor has  been working on that problem for  weeks?
39) 5) dialog: (controlling herself  with an effort) How did you get in here? And what do  you want?
39) 7) dialog: Well, he's not here. And he won't be  back till this evening. (sternly) I think you'd better leave now.  Unruffled, Klaatu turns to the desk  and scribbles something on a scratch  pad. He tears off the piece of paper  and hands it to Hilda.
39) 9) text: With a polite nod he goes out the French doors, followed Bobby. Hilda eyes the door for a moment, then glances dow at the paper in her hand, disturbed and puzzled by this  stranger. Her glance wanders to the blackboard and she pi up an eraser, debating whether to erase Klaatu's correcti At that moment the French door opens and Klaatu sticks hi head in. Startled, Hilda drops the eraser.
39) 11) text: And he disappears, leaving Hilda to glare after him in  impotent rage. Deciding that this man is either a crackpo or a menace, she goes to the telephone on the desk and st dialing a number.
41) 0) text: Hilda is talking on the phone.
41) 1) dialog: --no, Sergeant, there was no  classified material around, but I  have instructions to report anything  unusual to the police... Yes -- I'm  Professor Barnhardt's secretary. (consulting the paper  in her hand) The man's name is Carpenter -- and  he lives at 1615 St. Street, N.W...  Yes, that's right--
53) 0) text: as the M.P. Captain and Klaatu enter the front door, whic is held open for then by Hilda. She gestures them toward half-open door of Barnhardt's study, where Barnhardt can seen puzzling over the problem on the blackboard. The Cap knocks on the open door to attract his attention and ente with Klaatu.
81) 0) text: Barnhardt is seated comfortably at his desk with a book o his lap. He has been interrupted by the entrance of Hilda his secretary. At the moment she`s beside herself with  excitement. Barnhardt watches her with a half-smile of se amusement. He has already deduced the cause of what's  happening.
81) 1) dialog: You should see it, Professor  Barnhardt! You should go out and see  it for yourself!
81) 3) dialog: The whole city has stopped. People  are running around like ants!
81) 5) text: Hilda flings him a questioning look, annoyed that he won' share her excitement.
81) 7) dialog: (nodding) I talked to most of them this  morning... They were all very curious  about the meeting.
81) 9) dialog: (nodding) He'll be there at 8:30.
81) 11) dialog: Yes, sir -- it certainly does!