19) 4) dialog: After an impressive moment, he raises his arms in the  universal gesture of neutrality. Then he speaks, in perfe English, his voice amplified as though through an enuncia
19) 5) dialog: We have come to visit you in peace --  and with good will.
19) 6) text: Klaatu walks slowly down the ramp toward the soldiers. As does so, he draws from inside his tunic a strange looking object, longish and tubular. It might be a a telescope -- it might be some strange kind of weapon.
19) 7) text: shooting from the side, showing Klaatu advancing slowly t the line of soldiers. He holds out the mysterious object front of him in a gesture that is actually one of offerin but could be misinterpreted as menacing. There is a growi uneasy rumble of muttering among the soldiers as Klaatu  advances. They are clearly frightened of what he may do.
19) 9) text: Klaatu starts toward the platoon leader, raising the obje he holds toward the man, trying to make clear his intenti Misinterpreting this as a menacing gesture, the platoon l raises his carbine to his shoulder.
19) 10) text: of one of the tank commanders in the turret of his tank. is watching Klaatu advancing toward the platoon leader an he has drawn his pistol. Convinced that the lieutenant is jeopardy, the tank commander aims at Klaatu and fires.
19) 11) text: as Klaatu falls to the ground wounded. The object he was  holding has dropped from his hand and smashed. The soldie start to gather around Klaatu excitedly when suddenly the appears in the entrance to the space ship a huge robot. T is a gasp of amazement from the crowd and the solders dra back at sight of him. The robot is ten feet tall, is made the almost-perfect image of a man. He is to be played by actor and his flesh appears to be made of a greenish meta His eyes flash as though lighted internally. His perfectl fashioned, muscular body is covered only with a loincloth This is GORT. There are cries of amazement as Gort walks slowly pondero down the ramp to the ground. As he does so, the ramp clos behind him. Gort's face is, and always remains, utterly  expressionless. He stops to look at Klaatu, lying on the  ground. Then he looks around at the soldiers, the tanks a guns. All the guns have been traversing to follow him.
19) 19) dialog: lying on the ground. He speaks to Gort sharply, in a stra language.
19) 20) dialog: Gort! Deglet ovrosco!
19) 22) dialog: He has raised himself to a sitting position on the ground his wounded shoulder giving him considerable pain. The tw platoon leaders come into scene hesitantly, badly shaken the awesome demonstration of power they have seen. They a uncertain as to what they should do. The platoon leader e the smashed object on the ground curiously and turns  questioningly to Klaatu. With great dignity, Klaatu picks the broken object, which we see well for the first time. is a delicately-made tubular telescope, badly smashed. On are indications of small electronic gadgets.
19) 23) dialog: It was a gift. For your President. (glances at the broken  object ruefully) With this he could have studied life  on other planets.
19) 24) text: Klaatu lets the object drop with a shrug of mild exaspera The two lieutenants exchange a helpless look of bewilderm Then Klaatu raises himself to his feet painfully, holding his wounded shoulder. As he does so, a colonel and a capt come into scene.
20) 0) text: There is a door to the corridor and a door to Klaatu's ro In the small sitting room, talking in tones of hushed con is a group of men. There's a Major General, a likable man with a chest full of ribbons. There are also a Colonel in command of the hospital, a high-ranking police officer, a couple of medical officers and two civilians. The convers is interrupted by the entrance from Klaatu's room of a Me Corps Major, followed by an Army Nurse.
21) 0) text: as Harley enters, closing the door behind him. Klaatu no  longer wears his helmet and we see his face clearly for t first time. Even sitting up in bed, with his shoulder str in bandages, he is a figure of great authority. His face  reflects inner dignity and assurance. Harley, who is a  hardened diplomatist, can't help being impressed by his  present assignment and a little awed by Klaatu. Harley  obviously has been sent by the President to find out what can. Klaatu's eyes study him, cool, penetrating, reserved
21) 2) dialog: (coolly) Just Klaatu.
21) 4) dialog: (evenly) Sit down, Mr. Harley.
21) 7) dialog: About five months -- your months.
21) 9) dialog: About 250 million of your miles.
21) 12) dialog: (easily; he's a  diplomat, too) From another planet. Let's just say  that we're neighbors.
21) 15) dialog: I'm afraid, in the present situation  you'll have to learn to think that  way.
21) 17) dialog: I mean the reasons for my coming  here.
21) 19) dialog: I'd be glad to. (noticing that Harley  is settling himself  expectantly) Not now, of course -- with you alone.
21) 21) dialog: (somewhat sharply) This is not a personal matter, Mr.  Harley. It concerns all the people  on your planet.
21) 23) dialog: I want to meet with representatives  from all the nations of the Earth.
21) 25) dialog: (coolly) I traveled 250 million miles. What  about your United Nations?
21) 27) dialog: We've been monitoring your radio  broadcasts for a good many years.  That's how we learned your languages.  Lately, we've been getting your  television also.
21) 29) dialog: (smiling) The first two years of television we  were convinced that all you did was  wrestle.
21) 32) dialog: (evenly) I am not concerned, Mr. Harley, with  the internal affairs of your planet.  I consider that to be your business --  not mine.
21) 34) dialog: (sternly, impressively) My mission here is not to solve your  petty squabbles. It concerns the  existence of every last creature who  lives on Earth.
21) 36) dialog: I intend to explain. To all the  nations -- simultaneously. (his manner precludes  opposition) How do we proceed, Mr. Harley?
21) 37) text: Harley is thoroughly shaken. The tremendous force and pow implicit in Klaatus's manner preclude the possibility of  argument.
21) 39) dialog: Then why not a meeting of all the  Chiefs of State?
21) 41) text: Growing a little impatient with such nonsense, Klaatu eye him evenly, speaks with Jovian authority.
21) 42) dialog: I don't want to resort to threats,  Mr. Harley. I simply tell you bluntly  that the future of your planet is at  stake... I suggest you transmit that  message to the nations of the Earth.
21) 45) dialog: (with a half-smile) Apparently I'm not as cynical about  Earth's people as you are.
21) 48) dialog: He stares after Harley for a moment, puzzled by this stra and apparently unreasoning world he has come to. He shake his head in thoughtful, tolerant bewilderment.
23) 9) text: The door to Klaatu's rooms opens and Major White appears. He's the man who attended Klaatu the day before. He close the door behind him and stands motionless facing the othe two, his face wearing a blank expression.
23) 20) text: Harley goes to the door of Klaatu's room, a businesslike  expression on his face. He knocks on the door, then enter The M.P. remains in the sitting room.
24) 2) dialog: Thank you... Have you any news?
24) 4) text: Harley extends a sheaf of cables for Klaatu's inspection, but he ignores them. Klaatu has listened to this recital, first incredulously, then with mounting indignation. Cons of his quiet, Olympian wrath, Harley continues uncomforta
24) 6) dialog: It's not your government I'm thinking  about. It's your world.
24) 8) dialog: (sternly) I will not speak to any one nation  or group of nations. (sharply, bitterly) I don't intend to add my contribution  to your childish jealousies and  suspicions.
24) 10) dialog: I can judge only by what I see.
24) 12) dialog: (sharply) I am impatient with stupidity. My  people have learned to live without  it.
24) 14) text: Reluctantly Harley has picked up his hat and brief case. finds Klaatu staring out the window.
24) 15) dialog: As he looks out the window thoughtfully. What he sees has given him an idea.
24) 18) dialog: Before making any decisions, I think  I should get out among your people --  become familiar with the basis for  these strange, unreasoning attitudes.
24) 20) text: Harley has paused near the door, a little embarrassed by  Klaatu's level gaze.
24) 22) text: With a polite nod, he goes out. Klaatu stares after him a he realizes that he is in effect a prisoner. He shakes hi head slowly, thoughtfully. The ways of this planet are st indeed.
26) 0) dialog: As he hears the click of the lock, he turns toward the do Realizing they've locked him in, he smiles with tolerant  amusement.
28) 2) text: A series of short DISSOLVES, showing: 1. The M.P. excitedly reporting Klaatu's disappearance to the Officer of the Day. 2. The hospital guard detail hurrying out of the guardhou to form up in front of the Sergeant of the guard. 3. A high-level military conference gathered at a table,  discussing the matter with great concern. 4. A street corner newsstand, with people eagerly grabbin papers. The headline reads: "MAN FROM MARS" ESCAPES FROM 
29) 2) text: --these fantastic descriptions of the creature are denoun as rumor by police Chief Walter Baxter. He is not eight f tall, as reported -- nor does he have tentacles in place arms-- --there's no denying that there is a monster at large --  that we are dealing with forces beyond our knowledge and  power. The public is urged to take ordinary precautions a to remain calm, as we await further developments-- --three separate reports of people who claim to have seen the "space man" in the past hour. One from Des Moines, Io one from a village in northern Florida; and one from Chic CAMERA OVERTAKES the man as he pauses under the light of street lamp, and reveals that it is Klaatu. He has stoppe to look at something out of scene.
29) 3) text: from Klaatu's viewpoint, of a sign on one of the houses,  reading: ROOM FOR RENT
29) 4) dialog: He seems to hesitate, debating a plan he has in mind. He  raises his right arm to scratch his head thoughtfully, an notices for the first time a small tag, or ticket, attach to the inside of the right forearm of the coat he is wear Puzzled, he pulls off the ticket and looks at it.
29) 6) dialog: He smiles wryly at this reminder of where he got the suit and he destroys the ticket. He glances down at the suitca beside him.
30) 7) text: including the doorway to the hall. Silhouetted motionless against the light from the hall is the figure of a man. A eyes follow Hobby's pointed finger, and there is a stifle gasp as they are startled out of their preoccupation. One the men turns on the lights and Klaatu is revealed standi calmly in the doorway. There is a shocked silence for a  moment, then Mrs. Crockett speaks.
30) 9) dialog: My name is Carpenter. I'm looking  for a room.
30) 10) text: There is a noticeable letdown in the general tension, dur which Booby has been studying Klaatu, his imagination wor overtime.
30) 12) dialog: No -- I'm afraid not.
30) 20) text: She leads the way toward the hall and Klaatu starts to fo picking up his suitcase, when he is intercepted by Bobby.
31) 2) dialog: How did you know?
32) 0) text: Five of the boarders -- Mr. and Mrs. Barley, Mr. Krull, H Benson and Klaatu - are finishing their Sunday morning  breakfast. Mrs. Barley is a middle-class Helen Hokinson l form and unrelenting. Her husband is a born complainer. M Krull is a shriveled little accountant, precise and finic As they finish their coffee, all except Helen are immerse in the Sunday papers. Helen seems preoccupied with her ow thoughts. From a portable radio on the table comes Gabrie Heater's voice.
32) 3) dialog: He is reading his paper with considerable interest.
32) 5) dialog: His face is thoughtful as he finishes reading. This story seems to impress and interest him. Then suddenly he finds his attention caught at what the Radio Voice is saying.
32) 7) text: Klaatu has a reaction of affronted dignity at this monstr distasteful idea.
32) 24) dialog: (to Helen, helpfully) Perhaps before deciding on a course  of action, you'd want to know more  about the people here -- to orient  yourself in a strange environment.
32) 26) dialog: (quietly, tongue in  cheek) A person from another planet might  disagree with you.
32) 31) text: Klaatu pauses for a moment, then recites pleasantly.
32) 32) dialog: I must admit I'm a little confused.
33) 9) text: including Klaatu, who has wandered in from the dining roo unnoticed by Tom and Helen. Klaatu continues, with an air wanting to be helpful without wanting to interfere.
33) 10) dialog: I'd be glad to spend the day with  him -- if you'd let me.
33) 13) text: The two men shake hand's and exchange how-do-you-do's. Th Klaatu turns back to Helen.
33) 14) dialog: Bobby and I had a fine time yesterday  afternoon. We talked -- and listened  to the radio. (smiling at Helen) I thought today he might show me  around the city.
33) 15) text: Helen is debating the matter in her mind, concerned about leaving Bobby with a comparative stranger, but tempted be of her favorable impression of Klaatu.
33) 16) dialog: (easily) Suppose I ask Bobby how he feels  about it.
34) 4) dialog: (visibly impressed) Those are great words. (with an air of  discovery) He must have been a great man.
34) 5) text: Bobby is impressed by the depth and sincerity of Klaatu's tribute, but a little confused by his air of having disco Lincoln. Hobby watches Klaatu with a puzzled expression,  then follows as Klaatu moves off slowly.
35) 1) dialog: That's the kind of man I'd like to  talk to.
35) 3) dialog: Bobby -- who's the greatest man in  America today?
35) 5) dialog: (secretly amused) I was speaking of earth men. I meant  the greatest philosopher -- the  greatest thinker.
35) 7) dialog: Yes -- that would do nicely.
35) 9) dialog: (he pauses  thoughtfully, speaks  slowly, as he recalls  the newspaper story  he read) He lives here in Washington, doesn't  he?
35) 11) dialog: Where is that?
36) 5) dialog: (with a quizzical  smile) I shouldn't be at all surprised.
36) 10) dialog: (quietly, after a  glance around) Well -- atomic power, I would imagine.
36) 12) dialog: No. It's for a lot of other things,  too.
36) 14) dialog: Yes -- I think so.
36) 15) text: shooting from a side angle to include a couple of men who are listening to Klaatu's conversation. They are nudging  each other, amused at the way this man is pretending to  explain things to the little boy.
36) 17) text: Klaatu has noticed the two men, who have edged a little c to listen. He is not perturbed by them, but he lowers his voice a bit.
36) 18) dialog: Maybe four thousand miles an hour.  And outside the Earth's atmosphere a  good deal faster.
36) 20) dialog: Well -- there are several ways to  reduce landing speed. You see, the  velocity--
36) 21) text: Klaatu interrupts himself as he realizes that he may be g too far. The two men have moved closer, listening and  grinning. One of them whispers to the other behind the ba of his hand. Then the man realizes that Klaatu has stoppe speaking and is looking at him.
36) 23) text: The two men burst out laughing and move off together. Bob who has missed the point of this by-play, looks at Klaatu then after the men. As they move out of scene they laugh  loudly at the little boy's confusion. Klaatu takes Bobby' hand to lead him away from the roped-off area.
36) 29) dialog: (alter a moment's  pause) I don't know, Bobby. I'm inclined to  doubt it.
36) 31) dialog: (preoccupied) Velocity is the time rate of change  of position.
36) 32) text: This explanation misses Bobby by several light years. He  glances up at Klaatu blankly.
36) 34) text: Pulled out of his reverie, Klaatu glances down at Bobby a smiles apologetically. Bobby grins back at him. Then, as  they walk on a few more steps, Klaatu stops and speaks  thoughtfully.
36) 35) dialog: Bobby -- I have an idea. Let's go  see Professor Barnhardt and find out  how he talks.
36) 37) dialog: Wouldn't you like to meet him?
36) 39) dialog: (with a private smile) We can scare him more than he can  scare us.
37) 3) text: Bobby wanders down the porch and looks into a window.  Fascinated by what he sees, he gestures to Klaatu.
37) 5) text: After a glance at the front door, Klaatu joins Bobby at t window and looks in.
37) 7) dialog: His attention has been caught by one of the blackboards a he studies it with great interest and curiosity.
37) 11) dialog: It's a problem in celestial mechanics.
37) 13) dialog: (he shakes his head,  smiling) He doesn't know the answer. And he'll  never get it that way.
37) 16) text: As Bobby moves away from the doors dejectedly, Klaatu put his hand on the knob.
37) 19) dialog: He has opened the door and is standing in the doorway, hi hand, still on the knob. He is smiling at Bobby with secr amusement. He's got an idea.
37) 20) dialog: If he's that difficult to see, perhaps  we ought to leave a calling card.
37) 21) text: Klaatu disappears into the study. Amazed, Bobby follows.
38) 0) text: Bobby watches as Klaatu walks to the blackboard and picks a piece of chalk. As though correcting a schoolboy's work he makes large check marks at several points in each equa
39) 0) text: An efficient-looking middle-aged woman is mounting the st to the entrance, getting her front door key out of her pu when her eye falls on the French doors, which are standin ajar. Puzzled, she starts down the porch toward the doors This woman is Barnhardt's secretary and her name is HILDA Bobby is watching as Klaatu writes across the blackboard a bold hand: Differentiate the equation ( ). Klaatu underlines this comment with a sharp stroke, when stern voice is heard off screen.
39) 2) text: as Klaatu and Bobby turn in surprise. Standing in the ope French doors is Hilda, eyeing them with stern suspicion.
39) 4) dialog: (pleasantly) He'll catch on to it in no time now.
39) 6) dialog: We came to see Professor Barnhardt.
39) 8) dialog: You might keep this. (with easy assurance) I think the professor will want to  get in touch with me.
39) 9) text: With a polite nod he goes out the French doors, followed Bobby. Hilda eyes the door for a moment, then glances dow at the paper in her hand, disturbed and puzzled by this  stranger. Her glance wanders to the blackboard and she pi up an eraser, debating whether to erase Klaatu's correcti At that moment the French door opens and Klaatu sticks hi head in. Startled, Hilda drops the eraser.
39) 10) dialog: (pointing to the  blackboard) I wouldn't erase that. The Professor  needs it very badly.
40) 0) text: as Klaatu and Bobby come down the steps and turn into the sidewalk. They are talking and laughing together, but we  can't hear their conversation. CAMERA PANS with them as t move on up the sidewalk, revealing two kids playing hopsc Klaatu watches, fascinated, as he walks by. Then, having  passed the kids, he tries the one-footed, then two-footed hop that characterizes the game.
43) 3) text: Klaatu's glance roves out thoughtfully to the infinite ro of crosses, and his eyes are sad as they return to Bobby.
44) 1) dialog: (Reflectively) Did all these people die in wars?
44) 3) dialog: No -- I'm afraid not.
44) 5) dialog: (Amused) I'll tell you, Bobby -- I've been  away for a long time. Very far away.
44) 7) dialog: (slowly) They have cemeteries. But not like  this one... You see, they don't have  any wars.
44) 10) text: His eyes are drawn subconsciously out to the rows of cros Then he turns back to Klaatu with a slow-dawning look of  curiosity, and Klaatu deliberately changes the subject.
44) 11) dialog: What would you like to do this  afternoon?
44) 14) dialog: All right.
44) 16) dialog: Certainly. (then he hesitates) Tell me, Bobby -- do you have to  have money to go there?
44) 17) text: Bobby gives him a look of amazement, then grins, assuming Klaatu was kidding and simply hasn't any money.
44) 19) dialog: No -- I want to take you to the  movies. (he takes some objects  out of his pocket) Do you think they'd accept these?
44) 23) dialog: Some places that's what people use  for money. They're easy to carry --  and they don't wear out.
44) 25) dialog: Would you give me your two dollars  for a couple of them?
44) 27) text: The boy studies Klaatu's face to see if he's kidding.  Realizing that he's not, Bobby's face takes on a childish shrewd expression -- as though he were about to trade a  jackknife for an ocean liner.
44) 29) text: The boy takes out two dollar bills and offers them almost challengingly. Klaatu takes the bills and hands Bobby two good-sized Diamonds. They study their new acquisitions wi interest. Bobby looks up from his diamonds to steal a gui glance at Klaatu.
44) 31) dialog: (mildly curious) Why not, Bobby?
46) 0) text: As the Detective mounts the steps he glances through a wi into the living room. Klaatu can be seen reading to Bobby who is perched happily on the arm of Klaatu's chair. The  Detective moves to the front door ant rings the bell. The is the sound of running feet and in a moment the door is  opened and Bobby appears.
47) 3) text: The Detective steps inside and Bobby closes the door, as  Klaatu appears from the living room.
47) 5) dialog: (puzzled that anyone  should know him) Yes. (then recalling, with  a smile of  satisfaction) Oh -- I suppose Professor Barnhardt's  looking far me.
50) 0) text: The Detective is putting on his hat and preparing to leav with Klaatu as Helen enters. There is a moment of awkward and confusion as she glances, puzzled, at the Detective.  Bobby runs to her and greets her excitedly.
50) 3) text: Klaatu is uneasy but tries not to show it as he smiles in greeting and introduces the Detective.
50) 4) dialog: Mrs. Benson -- this is Mr. Brady.
50) 6) text: Helen glances quickly at the Detective, then at Klaatu,  surprised and troubled. She turns to Bobby to cover her  confusion.
50) 9) dialog: We certainly did.
50) 12) dialog: I enjoyed every minute of it.
50) 14) text: As Klaatu nods and prepares to follow him, Bobby speaks t Klaatu.
50) 16) dialog: We'll finish it tomorrow... Goodnight,  Bobby.
50) 18) text: Klaatu and the Detective nod to Helen and they go out. He watches the door close with real concern, wondering why t police want Klaatu and hoping he hasn't done anything wro Still disturbed, she turns to lead Bobby upstairs.
51) 14) dialog: I was only trying to be helpful. He  was having difficulty with a problem.
51) 17) dialog: (pleasantly) That's right.
51) 19) dialog: In this case the secret wouldn't be  worth much. He doesn't know the answer  himself.
51) 21) dialog: (with a deprecating  shrug) It's really quite simple... The three- body problem, you know.
51) 24) dialog: No -- I'm afraid not.
51) 26) dialog: (secretly amused) You don't.
51) 35) dialog: (appalled by what he  has seen and heard) They would have killed this man?
51) 37) dialog: (pretending impatience,  but actually growing  concerned) How long will that take?
51) 39) text: Really concerned now, Klaatu tries to find a way out. He  attempts an authoritative air.
51) 40) dialog: It's very important, Lieutenant,  that I see Professor Barnhardt.
51) 42) text: Shaking off the Detective's hand, Klaatu speaks to the  Lieutenant.
51) 43) dialog: May I suggest that you call the  Professor?
51) 45) text: The Detective takes Klaatu's arm and leads him toward the door. As they go they pass a Military Police Captain, who makes his way straight to the Lieutenant's desk.
52) 1) text: as the Detective leads Klaatu across the sidewalk to the  curb, where a police car is standing. Parked just behind is an Army staff car.
52) 6) text: as Klaatu gets out of the police car and the Captain esco him toward the staff car. Passing the Lieutenant, Klaatu  speaks with a polite smile, a smile that might be one of  mild triumph.
52) 7) dialog: Sorry to trouble you, Lieutenant.
52) 8) text: The Lieutenant reacts with impatient exasperation as the  Captain holds the staff car door open for Klaatu, who ste into the Army vehicle, as we--
53) 0) text: as the M.P. Captain and Klaatu enter the front door, whic is held open for then by Hilda. She gestures them toward half-open door of Barnhardt's study, where Barnhardt can seen puzzling over the problem on the blackboard. The Cap knocks on the open door to attract his attention and ente with Klaatu.
54) 4) text: He steps out into the hall, closing the door. Barnhardt  continues to study Klaatu for a moment, then points to th notations he made on the blackboard. There is a controlle but anxious excitement in Barnhardt's attitude.
54) 6) dialog: (nodding easily) It was a clumsy way to introduce  myself -- but I understand you're a  difficult man to see. (glancing at the  blackboard  reproachfully) I thought you'd have the solution by  this time.
54) 8) text: Klaatu glances at the work Barnhardt has been doing on th board. Then he points to one of the expressions in an  equation.
54) 9) dialog: All you have to do now is substitute  this expression-- (pointing to a specific  place) --at this point.
54) 12) dialog: Almost negligible... With variation  of parameters, this is the answer.
54) 14) dialog: (with a slight smile) I find it works well enough to get  me from one planet to another. (Barnhardt stares at  him blankly) I understand you've called a meeting  to study our space ship.
54) 16) dialog: My name is Klaatu. (noting that  Barnhardt's expression  is changing from  amazement to  incredulity) I spent two days at your Walter Reed  Hospital. Room 309. My doctor's name  was Major White -- and I had a very  attractive nurse called Ruth, who's  getting married next Wednesday. (Klaatu waits for  this to sink in,  then speaks with  quiet authority) If you are not interested -- or if  you intend to turn me over to your  Army -- we needn't waste any more  time.
54) 19) text: Barnhardt closes the door and turns to find Klaatu watchi him with a faint smile. Barnhardt sinks into a chair, try to adjust his mind.
54) 20) dialog: (dryly) You have faith, Professor Barnhardt
54) 22) dialog: (ignoring the  invitation) I would like to explain something of  my mission here.
54) 24) dialog: (with some bitterness) It was my intention to discuss this  officially -- with all the nations  of the Earth -- but I was not allowed  the Opportunity. I have come to  realize since that your mutual fears  and suspicions are merely the normal  reactions of a primitive society. (gathering his thoughts) We know from scientific observation  that you have discovered a rudimentary  kind of atomic energy. We also know  that you are experimenting with  rockets.
54) 26) dialog: In the hands of a mature civilization,  these would not be considered weapons  of aggression. But in the hands of  your people-- (he shrugs and shakes  his head) We've observed your aggressive  tendencies, and we don't trust you  with such power.
54) 28) dialog: (with cool impressive  emphasis) We want to be sure you don't make --  let us say -- an unfortunate mistake.  We know the potentiality of these  developments and we are disturbed to  find them in the hands of children...  You see, we've had atomic energy for  five thousand of your years. (indicating the  telephone) We discarded instruments like this  many centuries ago. (he paces thoughtfully) So long as you were limited to  fighting among yourselves -- with  your primitive tanks and planes --  we were unconcerned. But soon you  will apply atomic energy to space  ships -- and then you become a threat  to the peace and security of other  planets. That, of course, we cannot  tolerate.
54) 30) dialog: We had our atomic wars -- thousands  of years ago. (he smiles wryly) After that we fought with bows and  arrows. Then, slowly, we learned  that fighting is no solution -- that  aggression leads to chaos.
54) 32) dialog: I came here to warn you that, by  threatening danger, your planet faces  danger -- very grave danger. I am  prepared, however, to offer a  solution.
54) 34) dialog: (evenly) What I have to say must be said to  all concerned. (with a suggestion of  deference to Barnhardt) It is too important to be entrusted  to any individual.
54) 35) text: Barnhardt is forced reluctantly to accept Klaatu's refusa to go any further. After a moment's thought, he speaks  seriously, but with a twinkle in his eye.
54) 37) dialog: (sternly, as this  unpleasant episode  is recalled) I come to you as a last resort --  and I confess that my patience is  wearing thin. (with Jovian annoyance) Must I take drastic action in order  to get a hearing?
54) 39) dialog: Violent action -- since that seems  to be the only thing you people  understand. (quietly) Leveling the island of Manhattan,  perhaps -- or dropping the Rock of  Gibraltar into the sea.
54) 40) text: Barnhardt stands staring at him for a moment, passes his  hand across his brow. Then, as Klaatu watches, Barnhardt  paces the floor, trying to digest what he has heard. Afte moment, he turns to Klaatu.
54) 42) dialog: (quietly, evenly) That's what I came to see you about.
54) 45) dialog: I leave that in your hands.
54) 47) dialog: No -- not at all.
54) 49) dialog: My name is Carpenter and I'm a very  earthy character living in a  respectable boarding house.
54) 51) dialog: I'm sure I'll be quite safe until  the meeting.
54) 53) dialog: (with a sense of quiet,  inescapable power) I'm afraid you have no alternative.  In such, a case the planet Earth  would have to be-- (he looks for the  right word) --eliminated.
54) 56) dialog: I assure you such power exists.
54) 57) text: Barnhardt stands silent for a moment, trying to collect h shattered thoughts. Klaatu watches him as he starts pacin again.
54) 59) dialog: Yes.
54) 61) dialog: Yes -- of course.
54) 63) dialog: (with a nod) That can easily be arranged.
54) 65) dialog: (easily) Why don't you leave it to me? I'll  think of something.
54) 67) dialog: (thinking about it) Something dramatic -- but not  destructive. (intellectually amused) It's quite an interesting problem. (Barnhardt nods vaguely) Would day after tomorrow be all right?  Say about noon?
54) 68) text: Klaatu's bland manner leaves Barnhardt shaken, almost wis he'd never started this business.
55) 4) text: She turns to go on into the dining room and as she does s almost bumps into Klaatu who is coming out, having been  kibitzing the card game.
55) 6) text: Klaatu steps aside as she hurries nervously into the dini room. He turns, puzzled, to find Helen watching with a sl smile.
55) 7) dialog: Everyone seems so-- (he shakes his hands  to indicate  nervousness)
55) 10) dialog: (with a contemplative  smile) Bobby's the only person I know who  isn't -- Jittery.
55) 12) dialog: (fondly, sincerely) He's a fine boy, Mrs. Benson.
55) 14) dialog: Warm and friendly and intelligent-- (thoughtfully) You know -- he's the only real friend  I've made since I've been here.
55) 15) text: Helen is deeply moved by Klaatu's affection for the boy, tried to dismiss her curiosity about him, but she can't. decides to face it.
55) 17) dialog: (with easy frankness) Oh -- they just wanted to ask me a  few questions. Bobby and I tried to  see Professor Barnhardt in the  afternoon, but he wasn't in.  Apparently they thought I was looking  for secrets of some kind.
56) 7) text: Helen tries to shush him, to indicate Klaatu is in the ne room, when Klaatu appears in the doorway. He must have he Tom's remark, and there is an awkward moment. Klaatu is  completely unperturbed, but Helen is embarrassed.
56) 8) dialog: Excuse me. I was just going up to my  room.
56) 10) text: Klaatu stops and turns to face them pleasantly.
56) 11) dialog: Have a good time -- both of you.
58) 0) text: Bobby is at a table doing his homework and Klaatu has jus finished explaining an arithmetic problem to him, as Hele enters, still putting on her coat.
58) 1) dialog: (about to leave) All you have to remember is, first  find the common denominator -- then  subtract.
58) 3) dialog: (to Helen, pleasantly) I'll say goodnight again.
58) 6) dialog: (with a warm smile of  complete understanding  and appreciation) Goodnight, my dear.
58) 15) text: Helen is surprised to get this corroboration for Klaatu's story. Sensing his mother's uneasiness, the boy looks for something intriguing -- some deep, dark secret.
58) 23) dialog: Bobby -- have you a flashlight?
58) 27) dialog: (evasively) Why -- the light in my room went  out. (cutting off further  questions) Thank you, Bobby. Goodnight.
58) 28) text: Klaatu goes out, closing the door behind him. Bobby hesit a moment, puzzled and curious. Then he goes over to the d flips off the lights, and slowly, noiselessly opens the d a crack so he can peer out into the hall.
58) 29) text: shooting down the hall through the crack in Bobby's door. Klaatu's door is ajar and through it the lights in his ro can be seen burning brightly. Klaatu goes to his door, re in and flips off the lights and closes the door. He then  scans the hall in both directions. Satisfied he isn't see he moves surreptitiously down the hall toward the stairs, still carrying the flashlight.
60) 0) text: Walking along the sidewalk, Klaatu turns into a side stre disappearing from view around the corner. In a moment, Bo hurries into scene breathlessly. He pulls up for a moment rest. Then, getting his breath, he dashes on around the c after Klaatu.
61) 2) dialog: as he studies the situation.
61) 3) text: shooting over Klaatu's shoulder. As he watches, a Jeep fi with armed soldiers -- apparently regular patrol -- drive up to the entrance of the building. They stop for a momen while their Sergeant checks with the guards. Assured that everything is under control, the Sergeant signals his dri and the Jeep moves off.
61) 4) dialog: Scanning the side of the building, he sees what he's look for. Waiting until the Jeep disappears, he starts toward side of the building, keeping himself concealed in the  foliage.
61) 7) text: as Klaatu maneuvers around the side of the building, wher there is a window. It has no glass in it but is heavily  barred.
61) 8) dialog: as he leaves the concealing foliage and crosses the clear grassy area surrounding the building. He stops and tries see through the window.
61) 10) text: as Klaatu approaches the window. Aiming his flashlight at Gort, he flashes the light intermittently, as though  signaling. (This should not approximate any known code.)
61) 12) text: from Gort's viewpoint, of the window, with Klaatu's light flashing its signals.
61) 13) dialog: shooting on his back, as he finishes signaling and cuts o the flashlight. He turns ant starts back for the concealm of the foliage.
61) 15) dialog: making his way behind the foliage toward the front of the building. Arriving at a point opposite the entrance, Klaa waits and watches.
61) 18) text: from Bobby's viewpoint. Klaatu has emerged from the  concealment of the tree-lined path and is making his way  calmly toward the entrance of the building.
62) 0) text: as Klaatu enters. The huge shapes of the space ship and G loom large and eerie. Klaatu starts across the barren  enclosure toward the ship.
64) 0) text: In *f.g., near the door, the two guards lie unconscious. Klaatu walks toward the ship Gort slowly turns his head t follow him with him with eyes. Klaatu touches a point on unbroken surface of the ship and the ramp silently swings out and down to the ground. Klaatu mounts the ramp and  disappears inside the ship, whereupon the ramp silently  closes.
65) 0) text: CAMERA FOLLOWS Klaatu as he moves down the tiny, dimly li entrance corridor. He steps into the main cabin of the sh and flips a switch which bathes the cabin in a diffused,  shadowless light. The walls are lined with a complex of  mysterious gadgetry -- knobs, dials, indicators, etc. All this should be as imaginative and unorthodox as possible, while still retaining a feeling of sound but highly advan engineering.
65) 1) text: as Klaatu moves to the communications panel, flipping swi and turning dials. Indicators light up. There are crackli whirring and buzzing sounds. Klaatu starts speaking into built-in microphone in his own strange language. He speak in rapid-fire explanation, continuing to talk, as we--
67) 0) text: Tom is knocking softly at Klaatu's door. Getting no answe he tries the door, pushes it open and peers in. Then he s into the darkened room.
70) 0) text: It is a typical government office, with lots of desks in Helen is at her desk, straightening it up to go to lunch. This done, she moves briskly to get her coat. CAMERA PANS follow her and suddenly, startlingly reveals Klaatu stand near the clothes rack, as though he had materialized out thin air. Helen is thoroughly startled.
70) 2) dialog: May I see you for a minute?
70) 4) dialog: (quietly insistent) May I walk out with you?
72) 2) text: She hangs up and smiles uneasily as she rejoins Klaatu an leads the way out into the corridor.
73) 0) text: CAMERA MOVES with Helen and Klaatu as they go down the  corridor. Klaatu's mood is one of quiet tension.
73) 1) dialog: (watching Helen's  reaction) I saw Bobby this morning before he  went to school--
73) 3) dialog: I want to know what he told you last  night.
73) 5) dialog: (refusing to be put  off) Did you believe what he told you? (Helen hesitates,  trapped by uncertainty) I have a reason for asking this -- a  very important reason.
73) 9) text: She nods toward a side corridor and starts for it, Klaatu following.
73) 10) text: CAMERA FOLLOWS them as they turn into the side corridor.  Helen leads the way to a small, automatic elevator. She  presses the button and the doors open. Klaatu follows her in.
74) 0) text: As Helen presses the first floor button, the doors close the elevator starts down. She turns to face Klaatu.
74) 2) dialog: Before I ask you to be honest with  me, perhaps I should be completely  honest with you--
74) 5) dialog: (a moment's hesitation;  then he remembers) What time is it?
74) 8) dialog: We'll be stuck here for a little  while -- about thirty minutes.
74) 10) dialog: It won't work.
74) 13) dialog: (after a moment,  quietly) You see -- the electricity's been  neutralized -- all over the world.
74) 16) text: Klaatu stares at her evenly, as we--
84) 1) dialog: (speaking gravely) --I've already told you more than I  told Professor Barnhardt, because my  life, in a sense, is in your hands.  I thought if you knew the facts you'd  appreciate the importance of my not  being -- apprehended, -- before the  meeting tonight.
84) 4) text: Klaatu smiles at her warmly and she manages to return the smile. Their relationship is further cemented by the shar of this vital secret.
84) 6) dialog: I can see no other hope for your  planet. If the meeting should fail,  then I'm afraid there is no hope.
84) 8) dialog: (calmly) It must be twelve-thirty.
85) 2) dialog: Back to the boardinghouse. I'll be  safe there for the afternoon -- and  I can keep an eye on Bobby. He's the  only other person who knows anything  about--
85) 5) dialog: Who?
85) 7) text: The look of concern on Klaatu's face heightens Helen's  overwhelming fear and uncertainty.
85) 9) text: Helen turns and starts determinedly for the lobby door,  followed by Klaatu, as we--
101) 0) text: as Klaatu and Helen come hurrying down the steps and pile into the waiting taxi. The kids playing Jump-rope stop an watch as the door is closed and the cab pulls out,  disappearing as it makes a right turn at the end of the  street.
106) 1) dialog: I'm sure Barnhardt can arrange to  hide me until the meeting.
106) 3) dialog: At the ship.
109) 0) text: shooting at the driver, over the shoulders of Klaatu and  Helen, as he turns and points out the Army vehicles to th with a shrug of bewilderment. They look ahead at the  intersection they are approaching.
109) 3) dialog: as he looks out of his side of the cab.
110) 2) text: shooting through the window at Helen and Klaatu, who are  growing more tense and nervous.
111) 2) dialog: I'm worried about Gort. I'm afraid  of what he might do -- if anything  should happen to me.
111) 4) dialog: (slowly) There's no limit to what he could  do. He could destroy the Earth. (with great urgency) If anything should happen to me, you  must go to Gort. You must give him  this message: "Klaatu barada nikto."  Please repeat that.
111) 6) dialog: (gravely) Remember those words.
113) 2) text: As he slows his cab down, Helen leans forward into scene. Frenzied, she is about to urge the driver on when Klaatu  puts a restraining hand on her shoulder.
114) 0) text: shooting down the street from the barricade, as the taxi  stops. Army cars are closing in behind the taxi, so it is trapped. The cab door ovens and Klaatu steps out, making run for the entrance to a pedestrian underpass.
114) 3) dialog: He has almost reached the underpass. His hand is on the  railing when he slumps to the ground, badly hit. In a mom Helen rushes into scene, dropping down to hold Klaatu's h in her arms. He looks up at her with a feeble smile. Then his face takes on an expression of urgency.
114) 4) dialog: (weakly, insistently) Get that message to Gort. Right away--
114) 5) text: Klaatu is unable to say any more. He is dead. Helen looks around wildly, helplessly, with tears and terror in her e
114) 6) text: as the soldiers pile out of their vehicles and close in o the place where Klaatu lies. He is their first and all- important concern, and Helen finds herself pushed out of way, toward the edge of the growing crowd of soldiers.
123) 0) text: The Colonel who was in charge of Klaatu's apprehension is speaking into a phone at the desk of the Police Sergeant. Standing by are three or four Army officers, among them a Captain and a Lieutenant.
125) 0) text: This is a cell on the ground floor. In the far wall is a  heavily barred window, beyond which is as alley. In f.g. Klaatu's feet, stretched out on a crude table. As CAMERA  HOLDS, the huge figure of Gort appears outside the barred window, Seeing Klaatu, he reaches up and yanks out the st bars as though they were chicken wire. With a crushing bl of his knee he crumbles the brick and mortar below the wi and steps inside the cell. He moves without interruption  toward the body of Klaatu.
126) 1) text: shooting over the backs of the soldiers as they reach the cell and look inside. There they see the giant robot pick up the body of Klaatu and starting deliberately toward th gaping hole in the side of the building. They raise their weapons and fire at Gort, but the bullets have no effect him. Continuing uninterruptedly, he steps over the debris and disappears, carrying Klaatu in his arms.
127) 0) text: as Gort enters the empty building, still carrying the bod of Klaatu. CAMERA PANS with him as he strides over to the ship. The ramp opens and Gort goes inside. Then the ramp  closes after him.
128) 0) text: Alone in the cabin, Helen is still terrified. She looks u startled as the door opens and Gort enters, carrying Klaa body over to a long counter. Once again he starts fiddlin with knobs, switches and dials. As Helen watches, speechl he starts to fasten strange-looking electrodes to Klaatu' wrist and ankle.
129) 0) text: shooting from the outside, near the front entrance to the building, through a window into the main room where the P Sergeant's desk is. The Lieutenant who was ordered to gua Klaatu's cell is excitedly reporting to the Colonel how G broke in and took Klaatu's body. Considerably agitated, t Colonel snaps orders to the other officers, glances at hi watch and motions for the Lieutenant to follow him. He an the Lieutenant cross to the door and CAMERA PANS with the as they come outside the building, hurry down the steps a get into a staff car. Several other Army vehicles join th staff car as it roars away from the curb.
131) 0) text: Gort is still working over the body of Klaatu. From a soc in the wall he pulls a strange-looking hypodermic needle the end of a cord or tube and gives Klaatu a shot in the  arm.
131) 2) text: Gort fiddles with the dials again and there are electrica cracklings and sputterings. Suddenly he flips a switch an all sound ceases. Gort removes the electrodes and watches Klaatu. CAMERA MOVES IN on Klaatu and we see him start to breathe. In a moment his eyelids flutter. Then his eyes o and he looks around.
131) 3) text: as Klaatu slowly lifts himself to a sitting position. Hel watches breathlessly as he glances around the room, as th to orient himself. Then he lowers his feet to the floor a stands up. He blinks uncertainly, then smiles at them.
131) 4) dialog: (with a grateful glance  at Gort, he turns to  Helen) Hello.
131) 6) dialog: (nodding, with a smile) I was.
131) 8) dialog: No -- that is a power reserved to  the Almighty Spirit.
131) 9) dialog: (indicating the  equipment Gort used) This technique, in certain cases,  can re-stimulate life for a limited  period. It's a refinement of  scientific principles known to your  own people.
131) 11) dialog: How long will I live? (he shrugs) That no one can say.
131) 12) text: Klaatu moves one of the sliding panels and reaches for a  suit of his "other world" clothing from behind the panel. With a nod of apology, he steps behind the panel to chang
133) 1) dialog: Gort and I will be leaving soon.
133) 4) dialog: He'll have you -- and Tom.
133) 6) dialog: I'm sorry.
133) 8) text: Klaatu looks at her in warm, considered admiration. Then moves to one side of the cabin and flips a switch. Sudden an entire section of the side wall is made transparent.  Through it, as through a screen, we can see out into the  building. Most of the chairs are already occupied, and  latecomers are still moving in through the door. Facing t group, on a little dais, is Barnhardt. As Klaatu and Hele watch, Barnhardt raps for order and begins to speak. His  voice comes in the ship through a speaker.
135) 0) text: Klaatu and Helen are watching and listening, as the last  sentence of Barnhardt's speech above comes over the speak Klaatu flips off the switch, which cuts off the view of t meeting and also Barnhardt's voice. At this moment Gort m across the cabin and Klaatu speaks to him.
135) 1) dialog: Gort -- berengo.
136) 6) dialog: He is a figure of intense dignity in his impressive other tunic. He stares with even defiance at the armed soldiers as though holding them off by sheer weight of his persona He turns to look out at the audience, which is held  spellbound. Then, after a breathless moment, he speaks.
136) 7) dialog: (straightforwardly,  with almost stern  authority) I am leaving soon and you will forgive  me if I speak bluntly. (he pauses, studying  the faces) The Universe grows smaller every day --  and the threat of aggression by any  group -- anywhere -- can no longer  be tolerated.
136) 12) dialog: 
136) 13) dialog: We of the other planets have long  accepted this principle. We have an  organization for the mutual protection  of all planets -- and for the complete  elimination of aggression. A sort of  United Nations on the Planetary  level... The test of any such higher  authority, of course, is the police  force that supports it. For our  policemen, we created a race of robots-- (indicating Gort) Their function is to patrol the  planets -- in space ships like this  one -- and preserve the peace. In  matters of aggression we have given  them absolute power over us.
136) 16) dialog: 
136) 17) dialog: The result is that we live in peace,  without arms or armies, secure in  the knowledge that we are free from  aggression and war -- free to pursue  more profitable enterprises. (after a pause) We do not pretend to have achieved  perfection -- but we do have a system --  and it works. (with straightforward  candor) I came here to give you the facts.  It is no concern of ours how you run  your own planet -- but if you threaten  to extend your violence, this Earth  of yours will be reduced to a burned- out cinder.
136) 18) text: of four delegates, reflecting their stark terror and  bewilderment. And a cut of the Colonel and the soldiers,  impressed and held by what Klaatu is saying.
136) 19) dialog: CAMERA MOVES SLOWLY as he concludes quietly, incisively.
136) 20) dialog: Your choice is simple. Join us and  live in peace. Or pursue your present  course -- and face obliteration. (after a pause) We will be waiting for your answer.  decision rests with you.
136) 23) text: CAMERA MOVES IN on Klaatu as he is saying goodbye to Barn and Helen. He turns then and speaks to Gort, glancing up the building as he does so.
136) 24) dialog: Gort -- veracto.
136) 27) text: Klaatu is standing at the head of the ramp as Gort comes the ramp and disappears inside the ship. Klaatu is noddin goodbye to Barnhardt and Helen.
136) 29) dialog: He nods and smiles at them with warm affection. Then he t and disappears into the ship, and the ramp closes behind  him.