33) 0) text: as Helen crosses the room to greet TOM STEVENS. He's a  personable young man with a breezy manner and considerabl charm. There is between them an easy air of Intimacy.
33) 2) text: Tom kisses her.
33) 3) dialog: We're all set. I picked up some  sandwiches and put gas in the car.  And the radio's still busted, so me  can forget about the space man for  today.
33) 5) dialog: (understandably  unenthusiastically) Well, we could--
33) 8) text: Helen and Tom turn in surprise.
33) 9) text: including Klaatu, who has wandered in from the dining roo unnoticed by Tom and Helen. Klaatu continues, with an air wanting to be helpful without wanting to interfere.
33) 11) dialog: (impulsively) Say, that'll be great! Wouldn't it,  Helen.
33) 17) text: He turns, with a little smile, and starts out of the room Helen, still not quite decided, turns to Tom with a  questioning look. Tom nods.
49) 2) dialog: You still haven't answered my  question.
49) 4) dialog: The boss is leaving for Chicago  tomorrow. If I could tell him I was  getting married -- with two dependents--
49) 6) dialog: A good insurance salesman wouldn't  give you time to think.
49) 9) text: as Helen turns and hurries across the sidewalk to the hou In the entrance she turns and waves to Tom. He waves back and drives off slowly. Helen lets herself in with her key
56) 0) text: as Helen opens the front door to admit Tom. He appears  impatient, anxious to get going.
56) 2) dialog: You ready?
56) 4) dialog: (a little annoyed  that she hasn't her  coat on, he consults  his watch) The picture starts at eight-fifty.
56) 6) dialog: (lightly, but with  real sarcasm  underneath) I hope Mr. Carpenter won't think I'm  intruding.
56) 7) text: Helen tries to shush him, to indicate Klaatu is in the ne room, when Klaatu appears in the doorway. He must have he Tom's remark, and there is an awkward moment. Klaatu is  completely unperturbed, but Helen is embarrassed.
56) 12) text: He goes on up the stairs. Helen steers Tom toward the liv room.
57) 0) text: As they enter from the hall, Helen turns to Tom reproachf
57) 2) dialog: (momentary apologetic) I'm sorry. I guess I'm just tired of  hearing about Mr. Carpenter. (Helen shushes him) I don't like the way he's attached  himself to you and Bobby. After all,  what do you know about him?
57) 5) text: She turns quickly and goes into the hall and hurries up t stairs. Tom looks after her, dismissing the matter with a shake of the head and a philosophical sigh. Of such stuff are women made.
66) 5) text: Helen and Tom appear in the doorway, Helen is startled to see Bobby, who has Jumped up and run toward her.
66) 14) text: Helen and Tom exchange a glance of tolerant amusement.
66) 15) dialog: Where did you see all this, Bobby?
66) 17) dialog: (trying to trap him) Where were the soldiers all this  time?
66) 21) text: Nodding, Tom disappears into the hall and up the stairs.  Still holding Bobby, Helen tries to dispel his fears by a appeal to logic.
67) 0) text: Tom is knocking softly at Klaatu's door. Getting no answe he tries the door, pushes it open and peers in. Then he s into the darkened room.
68) 0) text: Tom snaps on the light and looks around the empty room. T bed is still made. Glancing around, Tom's eye is caught b flash of something bright on the floor below the dresser. stoops down and picks up a fair-sized diamond. Tom studie the stone curiously, holding it up to the light. Thorough puzzled, he keeps the stone in his hand, switches off the light and goes out.
69) 0) text: Through the hall door Tom can be seen coming down the sta Helen and Bobby watch expectantly as he enters.
69) 1) dialog: He's not there. (crossing to Helen) But look what I found in his room
69) 3) dialog: (with the shrug of an  amateur) Looks real to me.
69) 8) dialog: This doesn't make sense... I think  the guy's a crook. I never did trust  him.
69) 9) text: Helen tries to shush Tom, not wanting to re-stimulate Bob imagination, but it's too late.
69) 12) dialog: I wonder if we ought to--
69) 14) dialog: (seriously concerned) You think it's all right for you to  stay here?
69) 19) text: As the impact of this sinks in, Helen and Tom turn to sta at each other in questioning consternation.
71) 0) text: It's a rather swank shop. Tom is standing at the counter  phoning. The Jeweler is behind the counter examining a st through his eyepiece.
71) 1) dialog: (into phone, cheerily) I'm at Bleeker's getting an appraisal  on that diamond. I thought we might  have lunch together.
73) 10) text: CAMERA FOLLOWS them as they turn into the side corridor.  Helen leads the way to a small, automatic elevator. She  presses the button and the doors open. Klaatu follows her in.
76) 0) text: A huge automobile or airplane assembly line, with nothing moving, no machinery going.
79) 0) text: People carne pouring up the stairs wildly, feverishly anx to escape the darkness below. Their eyes blink weakly in unaccustomed sunlight.
83) 6) dialog: Is it worth anything?
83) 8) dialog: That's what I wanted you to tell me.
83) 10) text: Impressed by the import of what the man is saying, Tom's  mind is racing wildly.
83) 11) dialog: You sure about that?
83) 13) dialog: (picking up the stone) No -- no, thanks.
83) 15) text: Preoccupied with his own excited thoughts, Tom has alread started for the door.
93) 2) text: The corridor door opens and Tom enters with an air of urg
93) 3) dialog: Call the Pentagon and find out who's  in charge of this space man business.  Whoever it is I want to talk to him.
93) 4) text: The secretary has a reaction of surprise, but she manages stop Tom at his door. He has flipped on the lights in pas
93) 6) dialog: Get this other call first.
93) 7) text: Tom disappears into his office, closing the door. The  secretary is getting out a telephone directory when the  corridor door opens and Helen enters, tense and nervous.
93) 12) text: Helen is starting for the door when it opens and Tom appe
93) 14) dialog: (preoccupied with his  own excitement) Come on in.
94) 0) text: as Tom follows Helen inside and closes the door. He turns her, his voice tense with excitement.
94) 1) dialog: I've got some terrific news about  your friend, Mr. Carpenter.
94) 3) dialog: Helen, he's the man from the space  ship! (she eyes him evenly,  apprehensively, as  he hurries on) I had that diamond checked at three  different places. Nobody on earth's  ever seen a stone like that! After  what Bobby told us, that's enough  for me. Why is it nobody knows  anything about him? Why hasn't he  got any money?
94) 5) dialog: How do you know?
94) 7) dialog: Are you crazy? After what happened  today?
94) 9) dialog: (impatiently) Important? Of course it's important.  The point is we can do something  about it.
94) 11) dialog: (irritated by her  opposition) He's a menace to the whole world!  It's our duty to turn him in.
94) 13) dialog: (dismissing this with  annoyed contempt) He told you... Don't be silly, honey --  just because you like the guy. (busy with his own  thoughts) You realize what this'd mean for us?  I'd be the biggest man in the country.  I could write my own ticket.
94) 15) dialog: (guiltily, defensive) Why not? Somebody's got to get rid  of him.
94) 18) text: Tom picks up the phone and answers it.
94) 19) dialog: (into phone) Yes?... What's his name, Margaret?  General Cutler? (disappointed that  the connection isn't  completed) All right, I'll hold on.
94) 22) dialog: (exasperated) I don't care about the rest of the  world!
94) 24) dialog: You'll feel different when you see  my picture in the papers.
94) 26) dialog: (uneasily) You wait and see. You're going to  marry a big hero!
94) 28) text: She turns and runs quickly out of the room. Tom's inclina is to follow her, when his connection is completed.
94) 29) dialog: (into phone) Hello, General Cutler? (irritated) No, I don't want to speak to his  aide. I want to speak to the General.  Tell him it's about the space man...  My name is Tom Stevens. S-t-e-v-e-n- s.
96) 0) dialog: Tom now has General Cutler on the phone.
96) 1) dialog: (into phone) That's right, General. That's where  he's staying... Yes, of course I'm  sure.