0) 0) text: KIRSTY GOODING looks out the passenger window as the tree whizzing past. She's attractive, late twenties, warmly sophisticated. Something makes her smile. She turns to th driver and thinks real hard as she says this.
0) 1) dialog: Okay. Cubic root of nine thousand two hundred and sixty one. TREVOR is her husband, late twenties as well. God gave hi brains and beauty. He has used them both prodigiously.
0) 3) dialog: Shut up and play darling. Your turn.
0) 5) dialog: Uh... eighty two?
0) 7) dialog: You win! Okay pull over.
0) 9) dialog: (laughing) If what I've heard is true this could be the last time for a long long time. Besides we've got a whole seven minutes before the next one. Clock's ticking. Tick-tock... Trevor waits a moment to see if she's kidding.
0) 10) dialog: (through clenched teeth) PULL OVER NOW.
0) 16) dialog: (self-conscious) I'm... I'm doing a very special thing here. And you can't even ... respond?
0) 18) dialog: I was going to keep breathing you know. You think I'm an amateur or something? Trevor stuffs himself back in his pants, puts the car in and presses the accelerator.
0) 20) dialog: You've been cheating on me haven't you?
0) 22) dialog: Roughly two thirds of married men who cheat start during the eighth month of their wives' first pregnancy.
0) 27) dialog: (features tightening) Okay... uh oh here comes another one.
2) 2) dialog: (in dire pain) Oh God...... Trevor, I think my water just broke. Trevor grabs the wheel again. Kirsty GASPS.
2) 3) dialog: Oh my God. It's coming out.
2) 5) dialog: 
2) 12) dialog: OH MY GOD TREVOR! It hurts!! (breathing heavily) oh my God, Oh my God. Trevor, It's coming out.
5) 0) text: The rest is a blur... ... Trevor loses control of the steering wheel... Kirsty SCREAMS... Their car skids from one side of the bridge to other-careening toward the guardrail- SMASH! The car is plummeting toward the river below. Trevor and Kirsty brace themselves. The car hits the surface...
7) 1) text: Where is she...? Where's Kirsty? The Nurse grabs Trevor's right arm and straps it to the s of the bed. She isn't exactly one of God's gentler creatu TREVOR
7) 27) text: Where's Kirsty? Where's my wife? ALLISON
10) 0) text: Trevor looks through an old photo album. Pictures of him Kirsty. Some pictures of him. A lot of pictures of Kirsty Smiles, smiles, smiles... He stops at one close up of them mugging at a camera they pointed on themselves. All we see is their faces, the res dark and blurry, except for one thing. A small shadowy ob Kirsty is holding.
17) 0) text: Kirsty's eyes are closed. She is motionless. Trevor tries look at her while watching the road at the same time. TREVOR
17) 1) text: Kirsty. Jesus, wake up! This time she doesn't wake up.
25) 0) text: Trevor rummages through a closet. Reaching up to a shelf above him, he tugs at a big cardboard box and pulls. The entire box comes crashing down and out spill about fifty tapes, all hand-labeled: KIRSTY &amp; TREVOR, then the da He puts one in the VCR, hits play... It's his wedding video. Trevor watches the festivity of t wedding ON THE SCREEN, he smiles for the first time. The wedding portion of the tape ends and a not-so-clean e takes us into the honeymoon.
26) 0) text: Trevor holds the camera on Kristy who is under the covers a generic hotel room. She looks into camera as Trevor adj focus and squares up the frame. KIRSTY
26) 5) text: Eight thousand seven hundred sixty hours. Five hundred twenty five thousand... Kirsty watches Trevor roam the room. She very comfortable camera. KIRSTY
26) 6) text: How does feel to be Mr. Kirsty Hughes for a whole year. TREVOR (OFF CAMERA)
26) 7) text: In a word? Lucrative. KIRSTY
26) 9) text: Enjoyable too. The merger never even felt work for one second. KIRSTY
26) 11) text: What? KIRSTY
26) 13) text: Really? Why? KIRSTY
26) 15) text: But you had more wisdom than to listen to a false prophet KIRSTY
26) 21) text: Really, why's that? KIRSTY
26) 22) text: I only married you for your body. They laugh. The camera now looks away from Kristy and int Trevors suitcase. Trevors pulls out a wrapped present. A small tightly wrappped, perfectly square gift. KIRSTY (CONT'D)
26) 24) text: Happy Anniversary, Mrs. Gooding. KIRSTY
36) 18) text: (a beat) Yeah this is Trevor Gooding I need to speak with Larry... Trevor...? Kirsty Gooding's husband...? (another beat) I see do you know when he'll be out that meeting? Fine I'll uh... call back then... Okay you give him the message and he'll call me that's great.
39) 0) text: Trevor stares at the self-taken picture of him and his wi mugging at the camera. What is it that Kirsty is holding?
50) 11) text: How much do I stand to inherit if Kirsty is presumed dead? Larry sighs and walks over to his desk. He presses a butt on his intercom. LARRY
50) 16) text: What happens if I'm convicted of Kirsty's murder? LARRY
50) 22) text: Seeing you were her sole benefactor, and I'm the executive of the will, Kirsty's entire estate would have to be donated to the city. TREVOR
56) 3) text: Don't tell me. Kirsty used to smoke? TREVOR
56) 15) text: Did I ever talk about Kirsty? ALLISON
59) 15) text: (looking at his watch) But... I thought... Trevor waits a moment to see if she's kidding. KIRSTY
61) 5) text: Kirsty? WIMPERING VOICE
64) 0) text: Trevor wakes up shivering. He is in the passenger seat, h resting against a baby blanket. A hand touches his... ... Kirsty's. TREVOR
64) 1) text: Kirsty... Kirsty? KIRSTY
64) 2) text: It's okay it was just a nightmare that's all. Trevor looks at Kirsty. She is breathtakingly beautiful. TREVOR
64) 3) text: You're alive... KIRSTY
64) 4) text: Yes. Now go back to sleep. You're driving the rest of the way to gramma's remember? Trevor looks in the back and for the first time sees an INFANT GIRL sleeping in a car seat behind him. KIRSTY (CONT'D)
64) 6) text: (looking at the baby) It's perfect. KIRSTY
64) 7) text: Well that was easy all of a sudden. Trevor looks back at Kirsty. TREVOR
64) 8) text: Kirsty... I'm glad you're alive.
78) 14) text: But now that ain't gonna happen either. I fell in love with Kirsty Trevor. The day she died it was like my soul had been ripped from my body. Not just because I lost someone I loved. It's because the child inside her... was mine. Bret then puts the knife to his neck. TREVOR
92) 0) text: Kirsty sits inside the car looking up at the window, eyes narrowing. PINHEAD (O.S.)
93) 0) text: Rubbing the baby that's growing inside her, Kirsty sits i front of the TV watching Trevor having yet another romant rendezvous with TAWNY. THE TV SCREEN DISSOLVES to Trevor in bed with yet another woman... and another... and another...
95) 0) text: LOW ANGLE UP AT: Kirsty, Trevor's lovely wife, raising a above her. KIRSTY
97) 0) text: Trevor and a very pregnant Kirsty sit on their bed, passi the cube back and forth. Trevor's the one with the magic touch. The cube begins to open in his hands. Kirsty's eye light up as she watches... PINHEAD (V.O.)
98) 1) text: We were about to come for Kirsty. When we were offered a deal. We don't usually consider bargains but this one was too good to pass up. A tribute to the resourcefulness of a parent hellbent on protecting its spawn. The deal we were offered was this: three more souls in exchange for the life of the unborn child inside Kirsty. The three souls had already been picked out. Needless to say we were very impressed. The lights dim. Drawers behind Pinhead begin to open. We Gwen's body, Tawny's, Sage's, Bonnie's. PINHEAD (CONT'D)
98) 2) text: Two of your favorite companions, most supple and delicious as you already know. And the man you had at one time conspired to kill Kirsty with. Until you found out she was with child. QUICK IMAGES of Gwen, Tawny, and Bret being rent to piece the Cenobites, SCREAMING in vain.
100) 0) text: Kirsty sits across from Lange, who slides the cube across desk towards her. LANGE
101) 0) text: Kirsty drives. Trevor sits in the passenger seat, in the position we saw him in during his last flashback. Only no is clear the reason his head is resting on the baby blank is to keep his brains from spilling out his split open sk ON KIRSTY'S HAND holding his. It is now covered with bloo KIRSTY
102) 0) text: The car goes off the bridge landing in the water. Kirsty' head breaks the surface. She watches the car sink into th river.
103) 5) text: Yes. Yes that's him. REVERSE ANGLE on Kirsty looking down at the corpse wiping eyes. She looks over to the other side of the body where Trevor and Pinhead had been standing. Where now DETECTIVE LANGE and the coroner DR. AMBROSE had been standing. The two gentlemen look at each other. LANGE
103) 6) text: Well I guess that's it then. Thank you Mrs. Gooding I realize that must have been tough. Lange escorts Kirsty to the door. They EXIT but not befor Kirsty gives her late husband a parting glance. Ambrose covers Trevor's body and looks OFF CAMERA. DR. AMBROSE
104) 0) text: Lange sits across from Kirsty, who signs some paperwork o Lange's desk. KIRSTY
104) 3) text: One last thing... When they found him he was holding something. Not to get too graphic but they had to wrench it from his hand. Lange reaches under his desk then stands revealing: THE CUBE inside a ziploc bag. Lange and Kirsty exchange a knowing glance. LANGE (CONT'D)
104) 4) text: Figured you might want it. KIRSTY
105) 0) text: Kirsty walks toward the exit. On her way she passes a tra can. She discretely tosses the cube into it and rubs her hands together.
106) 0) text: The birds are chirping. The sun is shining. Kirsty Goodin walks out the door and takes a breath of fresh air. She s down the steps of the police station toward the street. S stops in the middle of the sidewalk looking both ways. A SHADOW COMES up behind her. It's the STRANGER Trevor ha seen out his window. He grabs her shoulder startling Kirs She turns to see LARRY ELLIS, shit-eating grin on his fac He's holding an eight month old BABY. The one he was draw LARRY
106) 1) text: Looking for someone, Kirsty? KIRSTY
106) 2) text: (taking the baby) You bet I was. Kirsty plants a multitude of smothering kisses on the laughing child as A NANNY comes up behind Larry pushing a stroller. Kirsty gently places the baby in it. KIRSTY (CONT'D)
106) 4) text: Lactose intolerance. I've stocked the fridge with Lactaid. KIRSTY
106) 9) text: Daisy is getting so big. (beat) I still can't believe HE was her father. Kirsty smiles to herself. KIRSTY
106) 11) text: I've always wanted to go to Madagascar. KIRSTY
106) 13) text: They're called flying lemurs. KIRSTY
106) 14) text: Yeah that sounds like a real blast... They put their arms around each other. KIRSTY (cont'd)
106) 17) text: You forgot something. Lange holds up the cube she tossed out. Kirsty's expressi falls. But... how...? KIRSTY
106) 18) text: Oh. Thank you. Kirsty takes the cube.
106) 22) text: No Mrs. Gooding. Lange turns and Kirsty's shock there's Givens' face... on back of Lange's head! GIVENS
107) 0) text: Kirsty slides into the cab looking at the cube in despair Larry slides in after her. LARRY
107) 1) text: (to the cabbie) Airport please. He grabs Kirsty's knee. She just stares at the cube. LARRY (CONT'D) (cont'd)
107) 2) text: What's up? Larry looks down at the cube. It has magically risen from palms and begun to rearrange itself in that way we've com know and love so well. The cabbie, looking back at the sight, slowly slides the window between the driver and passenger compartments shut KIRSTY