0) 2) dialog: Twenty one. Why do we have to do this now Kirsty?
0) 4) dialog: Five hundred ninety two thousand seven hundred and four.
0) 6) dialog: Eighty four. Kirsty takes a calculator out of her purse and double che the math.
0) 8) dialog: (looking at his watch) But... I thought...
0) 15) dialog: What isn't wrong? Why are you doing this anyway?
0) 17) dialog: Sorry honey the present situation isn't exactly fodder for an erection. Shouldn't we be getting to the hospital? FULL ON Kirsty. For the first time WE SEE her big pregnan belly sticking out. She looks at Trevor innocently.
0) 19) dialog: Just concentrate on the task at hand please. Listen to me. You should be giving ME this lecture.
0) 21) dialog: Yes I had a quickie with the neighbor during your last contraction.
0) 26) dialog: I would never cheat on you. Not while you're pregnant now you know that.
0) 28) dialog: Share the pain Kirsty. She takes Trevor's hand and squeezes as hard as she can.
2) 0) text: Trevor takes his hand off the wheel to look at his watch.
2) 1) dialog: One fifteen.
2) 4) dialog: What?
2) 8) dialog: Okay Kirsty don't panic. Just keep breathing! DON'T PANIC! Put the seat back and hold on to something. Were almost there!
2) 13) dialog: This isn't happening. Kristy starts to convulse with pain. She begins to trembl and her arms flail about in an attempt to ease her discomfort. She grabs Trevors arm for support.
2) 14) dialog: Honey, take it easy.    Your gonna be alright. Kristy becomes more violent, kicking her legs up onto the dashboard. She starts grabbing Trevors arm a little more violently, causing Trevors to weave a bit on the road as recoils.
4) 0) text: Trevor regains control of the car. TREVOR (cont'd)
4) 1) text: Kristy! Take it easy. everythings gonna be alright. Com'on, start the breathing, with me... come on. One, two-three, and blow.. Trevor starts the lamanns method alone, as Kristy appears have passed out from the pain. She has her head leaned aw from him and is limp in the passengers seat. TREVOR (cont'd)
4) 2) text: Krist.   Honey. Kristy! Kristy doesn't answer. Trevors puts his arm on her and shakes her. She doesn't react.
4) 6) text: Kristy! Honey wake up! Trevors attention is now on his unconscious wife rather t the two lane road which stretches across the bridge. TREVOR (cont'd)
4) 7) text: Honey, wake up. Please wake up. And with that Kristy's does exactly that. She lunges towa him in a violent spasm and scares the shit out of him (an us) which causes Trevor to now completely lose control of car.
5) 0) text: The rest is a blur... ... Trevor loses control of the steering wheel... Kirsty SCREAMS... Their car skids from one side of the bridge to other-careening toward the guardrail- SMASH! The car is plummeting toward the river below. Trevor and Kirsty brace themselves. The car hits the surface...
6) 0) text: Trevor paddles hard to the shore. Exhausted, he crawls on the shore underneath the bridge they just jumped. Trevor stands trying to process what just happened in the last fifteen seconds. He screams out for his wife, and to what has just happened.
6) 4) text: Kristy! Kristy! Trevor drops to his knee's in distress. TREVOR (cont'd)
7) 0) text: Trevor's eyes blink open, darting left and right. He is o bed, his head bandaged. AN ANGULAR NURSE ENTERS the room, walking up to Trevor's TREVOR
7) 1) text: Where is she...? Where's Kirsty? The Nurse grabs Trevor's right arm and straps it to the s of the bed. She isn't exactly one of God's gentler creatu TREVOR
7) 2) text: Hey, what are you- She moves to Trevor's legs, strapping them down as well, his other arm. By now SEVERAL SURGEONS ENTER the room, features obscured surgical masks. The Nurse fastens a clamp around Trevor's head, attaches to the bed. Trevor is completely discombobulated. The surgeons gather behind Trevor's bed. CLOSE ON TREVOR'S FACE as he struggles to see what's happening back there but it's useless.
7) 6) text: What are you people doing?! The Chief Surgeon takes one of the pins and gently pushes into a Trevor's frontal lobe. TREVOR (CONT'D)
7) 7) text: What's happening to-! Trevor's eyes glaze over and his jaw relaxes. The chief surgeon speaks in an english accent. CHIEF SURGEON
7) 9) text: The goal is find the exact point in the brain where moral decisions are made, the place where right and wrong is distinguished. In exploring this Morality Center I will most likely be triggering memories, disrupting the unconscious. Our patient may experience some distress during the proceedings but they are not due to pain. It is merely our patient- recalling his past... Chief Surgeon slips another pin into Trevors exposed brai CHIEF SURGEON (cont'd)
7) 14) text: Where you will be tormented day and night for ever and ever. (rev.20:10) Trevor looks at the frowning nurse who is watching over h Chief Surgeon sticks a needle into another spot on Trevor brain. TREVOR'S POV: The nurse is suddenly a pale gargoyle with blackened eyes. Trevor opens his mouth to scream and- -IN A BURST OF WHITE LIGHT, AN ANGELIC WOMAN is now stand before him. She is bathed in a haze of white light. ANGELIC WOMAN
7) 15) text: Well? What do say Trevor? Que pasa? Trevor relaxes. His bindings are gone. The gargoyle nurse gone. The surgeons are gone. And his brain is sitting saf within his inviolated skull, upon which now sit a few electrodes. The bandage is no longer there. But from his pain wracked expression we know the pain in head is still very real. He reaches for his head, makes s its all intact. TREVOR
7) 18) text: Can you describe the pains? Trevor looks up. The angelic woman smiles back at him. Sh in scrubs, a stethoscope dangling from her neck. Trevor winces. TREVOR
7) 19) text: I'm not sure. How about a jackhammer in the Occipital lobe? She picks up a pad and scribbles something on it. Trevor notices she's wearing a nameplate. Dr. ALLISON DORMERE.
7) 24) text: Still hallucinating as well. Hmm... TREVOR
7) 26) text: It's the morphine Trevor. You're on so much of it, you could be asleep and dreaming even with your eyes wide open. Terevors quickly recalls the accident. Fearing the worst. TREVOR
7) 28) text: (confused) Your wife...? AN OLDER DOCTOR walks in. AMBROSE. He gives Trevor an icy look, then looks at Trevor's chart. ALLISON
7) 32) text: (looking up at Trevor) I think it's time to ween you off these painkillers too. Wouldn't want you to develop a dependency to them. You might do things like come to the hospital for no reason other than to get a fix, wouldn't you?
8) 0) text: Trevor starts nodding out. The bus is practically empty. BLACK CHILDREN a boy and a girl sit across from Trevor. A CREEPY OLD WOMAN sits further back, knitting something. A CHURCH BELL RINGING causes Trevor to wake again up, win at the sound. As the church passes the BELL becomes loude and louder. Trevor hears LAUGHTER and looks up at the children. The g and her brother seem to be play-fighting over a toy they between them. Trevor looks at the toy getting stretched t way and that. TREVOR
8) 2) text: Aww let them be. They're only kids. Trevor notices what the Old Woman is knitting is a baby's bootie. As the children continue to laugh at him Trevor stares at the bootie tears welling up.
9) 0) text: Trevor lives in a dingy place, one step up from poverty- level. Funny thing is this used to be a nicer place. We s remnants of a feminine touch long since past. Dirty dishe sit in the sink. A cockroach skitters across the kitchene Trevor sits at his TV playing an extremely violent videog We're talking heads getting blown off, bodies exploding, limbs being severed. As the end ends a DEMONIC VOICE chuc from the TV. DEMONIC VOICE FROM TV
10) 0) text: Trevor looks through an old photo album. Pictures of him Kirsty. Some pictures of him. A lot of pictures of Kirsty Smiles, smiles, smiles... He stops at one close up of them mugging at a camera they pointed on themselves. All we see is their faces, the res dark and blurry, except for one thing. A small shadowy ob Kirsty is holding.
11) 0) text: Dressed in a button down shirt and tie, Trevor walks up t the pale utilitarian box-like structure.
13) 0) text: ... no thanks to Trevor, who has already resumed his head hands position at his desk. He rubs his eyes, seemingly blinded by the screen staring back at him. A MAN Trevor's age rolls up on his office chair beside Trevor, banging into the desk. BRET. Trevor's co-worker a cubicle mate. BRET
13) 1) text: Trevor what is the metric probability of you getting any work done at all today? TREVOR
13) 3) text: Dude there is a track on the carpet between here and the bathroom. It was made by your ass. You've been dragging it all fucking week. What happened to you yesterday? Bret eyes Trevor suspiciously. Then smiling... BRET (cont'd)
13) 9) text: Hospital? You haven't been to the hospital since uh... TREVOR
13) 12) text: I'm just looking out for ya. Bret slides back over to his work station. Trevor puts his hands on the computer keys and starts to type. A jolt of pain rips through his cranium forcing him stop. Bret stops typing and breathes an exasperated SIGH. BRET
13) 13) text: Sixty five point three percent of all headaches are due to low sugar levels in the bloodstream Trevor. A light bulb seems to go off over Trevor's head.
14) 0) text: Inside the narrow room blasted in fluorescent light, Trev eyes a vending machine, examining its wares. He peruses t sundry sugary snacks, looking for just the right fix. It's so quiet in here we can almost hear his head poundin pain. He shuts his eyes. A couple of the fluorescent bulb over his head wink out and the rest flicker weakly. When Trevor opens his eyes again he notices the room has gotten considerably darker. He looks up at the weakening lights and grunts in disgust.
14) 4) text: It's too late. Pinhead lashes out at Trevor striking his face with a cla hand the rips his face clean off. The lights are back up Trevor slams against the machine and grabs his face. It's still there! Where Pinhead was standing is THE WOMAN who just slapped WOMAN
14) 6) text: Jesus what the hell was that? It's like you saw a ghost or something. Trevor slowly peers into the vending machine. Nope. Nobod here but your average every-day candy bars. Trevor is dumbfounded. GWEN (CONT'D)
14) 7) text: (angrily) Come on speak up, Gooding, I'm trying to run a business here. I can't have people flipping out in the break room when they should be slaving away at their desks. TREVOR
14) 12) text: Well don't let it happen again. Or I may have to spank you. Gwen grins sinfully at Trevor and pushes his shoulders ba against the vending machine. Before he realizes it, she's kissing him real hard. He gently ducks out from under her freeing himself. GWEN (CONT'D)
14) 13) text: Get back here, junior bean counter. This is your supervisor speaking. TREVOR
14) 15) text: How do you think you got this job, cock? (cozying up to him) Mmm. I'm still tingling all over from our little midnight swim. Trevor looks constipated. He has no recollection of this. Gwen strokes his face. GWEN (CONT'D)
14) 16) text: What's wrong, Trev? TREVOR
14) 18) text: And it shows. Least it did last night at the quarry. In a big way. Trevor gently pushes her off him again. TREVOR
14) 20) text: YOU'RE giving ME a speeding ticket? Mr. Mario Andretti himself? TREVOR
14) 22) text: Oh I see. That again. Trevor? I realize it must be hard. But Christ how long does it take someone to move on?
14) 27) text: No, making another woman compete with someone who's been dead eight months. That's cold. This goes through Trevor like a shot. EIGHT MONTHS! Here we go- Dolly in zoom out! In Close up of Trevor we..
14) 29) text: Yeah, Trevor thats it. Thats it. And back in the real world, Trevor is now locking lips wi very ready Gwen. His hand is up her skirt. He stops abrup and pulls back. TREVOR
14) 30) text: I'm sorry Gwen. I don't know what's happening to me. (zipping up) I think it's the painkillers, really. Gwen rolls her eyes. She re-adjusts her self and now gett a little pissy. She's heard this one before. TREVOR (CONT'D)
14) 31) text: They mess with my head. Yesterday gets blacked out and a memory from months ago is played out in vivid technicolor. Like the accident just happened you know? Gwen softens up. Trevor is so earnest, so vulnerable. GWEN
15) 0) text: Trevor relentlessly crunches numbers at his computer. He pauses a moment to stretch and rubs his eyes. A PING from computer announces he has an INTEROFFICE MEMO- FILE ATTAC Trevor goes to the mailbox on his screen, clicks. Up comes a jpeg slideshow. Each picture is of Gwen dresse a piece of sexy lingerie. The caption underneath reads WO HARDER. Looking around his cubicle, he then takes another look at the jpeg. Trevor stands up in the cubicle and we him peer the outer office looking for Gwen. He sits back down. Embarrassed Trevor closes the memo at least for now TREVOR'S PHONE RINGS. Startleing him(and us). He picks it TREVOR
15) 1) text: (into phone) You got Trevor. MAN'S VOICE
15) 2) text: (from phone) Trevor hi this is Detective Lange from homicide. It's about your wife. Push in on to a bewildered Trevor.
16) 0) text: It is a dank crumbling room. A place where sunlight is no welcome. DETECTIVE LANGE, a handsome graying gentleman wh plagued with a chronic case of post nasal drip, sits at h desk. Trevor sits across from him. Behind Trevor is another emp desk. As Lange speaks he SNIFFS wetly every so often. LANGE
16) 1) text: (to Trevor) Thanks for coming down Mr. Gooding. Has your head healed okay by now? TREVOR
16) 7) text: We still haven't been able to locate your the body in that river. And missing persons turned up some evidence that qualified the disappearance as foul play. TREVOR
16) 9) text: For one thing there were no skid marks on that bridge, the tires were all intact, from what we could tell, nothing wrong internally with the vehicle either. Like the car had been driven off the bridge intentionally. TREVOR
16) 11) text: I did read that, yes. (flipping through the report) What hospital were you going to? I mean the Lodovico Street Bridge isn't exactly on the way to Mercy General. Trevor looks numb, unable to answer.    Lange poker faced keeps looking through the reoport. LANGE (CON'T) (cont'd)
16) 12) text: Listen we really are at a stalemate here until we find the body itself. Is there any way you did not tell missing persons everything that happened just before that accident? TREVOR
16) 18) text: What you're recalling could be a fabrication you've made up about it. Do you follow? CLOSE ON TREVOR'S FACE as he wrestles with this notion.
17) 0) text: Kirsty's eyes are closed. She is motionless. Trevor tries look at her while watching the road at the same time. TREVOR
18) 0) text: The car fishtails. Trevor loses control and the car skids from one side of the bridge to the other- careening towar the guardrail- SMASH! The car is plummeting toward the river below... The car h the surface...
20) 1) text: Mr. Gooding? You still in there? Trevor blinks and looks around him. Lange is sitting just where they were when he saw him last. Only now there's a wary look on his face. Whoa. TREVOR
20) 2) text: Uhh. Yes detective, sorry. Just trying to recollect, you know? Lange nods. TREVOR (CONT'D)
20) 3) text: Okay. From what I remember now, maybe my wife was thrown from the car when it hit the water. Maybe she wasn't trapped inside. Lange checks the report again. He believes Trevor...or do he? LANGE'S VOICE
20) 4) text: That's a start. I'll tell the people trawling the river maybe it makes a difference maybe not. Thanks for your help Trevor. If we have any more questions you'll get a call from myself or my partner Detective Givens. Lange stands up and backs up awkwardly to a file behind h desk. Trevor stares at him suspiciously. TREVOR
20) 9) text: All things considered we probably know a lot less than you do. Have a good afternoon, Mr. Gooding. Trevor exits, both men maintain eye contact as the door closes between him.
21) 0) text: The bus pulls up to the curb. Trevor climbs out and start walking down the empty street. As soon as the bus pulls a the only sound heard is Trevor's footsteps. POV BEHIND TREVOR: We see Trevor's back from a slight distance. Someone is following him. Sensing this, Trevor looks behind him. Nothing but an emp sidewalk. Trevor hurries his pace, almost there at his apartment building. He glances behind him again. Nope, no there... then suddenly- -A DARK FIGURE passes under a streetlight on the opposite side of the street. Trevor turns a corner no picking up t pace a little. The DARK FIGURE follows, it picks up it's as well. Trevors walks an d approaches a small alley way. Should h take this home? A enraged Pitbull nearly rips his nose off as it Barks an lunges to the end of a heavy chain leash. Trevor (and us) about piss our pant's. The dog continues barking, Trevor regains his composure. Suddenly the dogs attention moves toward the direction of the DARK FIGURE. Amazingly, it st barking and actually cowers back into the shadows. Spooked, Trevor rushes up to:
23) 0) text: He looks out on the street. The figure is walking up the building opposite his. It's features are shrouded in shadow, but it is definitely sta at Trevor, who slams the apartment door behind him. He pe out at the street from inside the front hall. The figure is gone.
23) 7) text: Here it is, what do you think? Trevor looks down at her stomach, the lower half of which contains tattoos which just break the surface of her jean At its center is a navel pierced with a studded black pea which Gothic Woman then plays with. Trevor looks a little confused. GOTHIC WOMAN (CONT'D)
23) 8) text: I saw it on the counter, looked at the name and the rest is history. It's like, named after me. Well...? TREVOR
23) 11) text: ... knock on my door, I'm a total insomniac. TREVOR
23) 12) text: No, thanks I've got a... a date tonight- His eyes roaming her, he finally finds a tattoo on her shoulder reading: TREVOR (CONT'D)
23) 14) text: (eyebrows raised) Whew. You bounce right back don't you? TREVOR
23) 21) text: The car accident? Any of this ringing a bell? Trevor eyes her nervously then: TREVOR
23) 23) text: Hey even if it is more power to ya. (awkwardly) Alrighty then. Have a good time. Tawny ambles off to her apartment. Trevor closes the door leans against it. He slides down the door and covers his with his hands. Another headache coming on.
24) 0) text: Trevor paces in his living room. Looks at watch. Then the door. Still no sign of Gwen.
25) 0) text: Trevor rummages through a closet. Reaching up to a shelf above him, he tugs at a big cardboard box and pulls. The entire box comes crashing down and out spill about fifty tapes, all hand-labeled: KIRSTY &amp; TREVOR, then the da He puts one in the VCR, hits play... It's his wedding video. Trevor watches the festivity of t wedding ON THE SCREEN, he smiles for the first time. The wedding portion of the tape ends and a not-so-clean e takes us into the honeymoon.
26) 0) text: Trevor holds the camera on Kristy who is under the covers a generic hotel room. She looks into camera as Trevor adj focus and squares up the frame. KIRSTY
26) 1) text: Well Trevor. It's been one year. Three hundred sixty five days.
26) 5) text: Eight thousand seven hundred sixty hours. Five hundred twenty five thousand... Kirsty watches Trevor roam the room. She very comfortable camera. KIRSTY
26) 6) text: How does feel to be Mr. Kirsty Hughes for a whole year. TREVOR (OFF CAMERA)
26) 8) text: The best business decision if you ever made I'll bet. TREVOR (OFF CAMERA)
26) 10) text: You know what the family lawyer told me one our wedding day? TREVOR (OFF CAMERA)
26) 12) text: Never to put you in my will. TREVOR (OFF CAMERA)
26) 14) text: Because you'd be staying with me for me and not because you'd get rich if I died for some reason. TREVOR
26) 20) text: And besides, I thought, to hell with it... it's okay if you only married me for my money. TREVOR (OFF CAMERA)
26) 22) text: I only married you for your body. They laugh. The camera now looks away from Kristy and int Trevors suitcase. Trevors pulls out a wrapped present. A small tightly wrappped, perfectly square gift. KIRSTY (CONT'D)
26) 23) text: What are you doing? The camera now back on Kristy. And the present comes up i frame. TREVOR (OFF CAMERA)
26) 25) text: For me? Trevor! How romantic! Come here, you. The camera begins to wobble as Trevor climbs onto the bed Its lands sideways, and we see sheets and covers rustling accompanied by the sound of giggling and kissing. The tape ends. SNOW.
27) 0) text: FROM THE COUCH Trevor watches this...Any of this ringing bell?
27) 7) text: Sorry I'm late dear. Trevor looks like he'd be more turned on sitting bare-ass on an autopsy table. TREVOR
27) 10) text: Come on don't make me beat you. Trevor pulls the shoe off. GWEN (CONT'D)
27) 11) text: Other shoe. Trevor does the same for the other leg. GWEN (CONT'D)
27) 12) text: Good boy. (looking around) Where's is it? TREVOR
27) 14) text: Our little toy. You usually have it up and running by now. TREVOR
27) 22) text: You're kidding me. TREVOR
27) 24) text: You have definitely got a screw loose, Trevor. Goodbye. Stuffing her feet in her shoes, Gwen's out the door. Trevor SIGHS, relieved the attack is finally over. About to turn the TV off and stow away his camera. He loo at the TV and freezes. THE IMAGE ON THE TV shows that Gwen is still there, undressing Trevor. Only video Trevor is giving in, kissin her back, pulling her clothes off. Trevor looks at the camera. The red "record" light is flashing. Trevor turns back to the TV walking closer and closer to the screen. TREVOR
27) 27) text: There's one thing I should have told you right from the beginning Trevor. Video Trevor doesn't see a knife she manages to slip out her purse.
27) 31) text: I like it pretty rough. To Trevor's shock Gwen suddenly drags the knife right acr his throat. Blood shoots up at Gwen's grinning face. Bloo pours out of Trevor's mouth and down his chest. FROM THE COLOR SCREEN Trevor, having just seen himself ge murdered, shouts:
28) 0) text: TREVOR
28) 1) text: No! Allison stands above him Bic razor in her gloved hand. Th bottom half of Trevor's face is covered with shaving crea ALLISON
28) 2) text: Sorry I thought you were going to stay under longer. His face is clean shaven, a little shaving cream remains around his chin. He now has several electrodes attached t his cranium. They're connected to an EEG which BEEPS LOUD The noise bothers Trevor. His eyes dart this way and that focuses on the Bic razor. TREVOR
28) 4) text: You came in for your EEG. You fell asleep and well, I took the liberty of...I'm sorry. You looked like a wreck Trevor. Trevor seems to like the attention. TREVOR
28) 6) text: Well you can relax now you are quite alive. And as long as you're awake, chin up. Trevor puts his chin up and Allison continues shaving his neck. Trevor studies her face.
28) 10) text: Well? What do you say Trevor? Que pasa? TREVOR
28) 12) text: (interupting) That `poor me' attitude doesn't suit you Trevor. Listen, I don't mean to sound like Pollyanna but things could be worse. There's one good thing about coming so near to the end of ones life. Everything is new and exciting, like your seeing it for the first time. You might see things a litlle differently from now on. TREVOR
28) 14) text: No wisdom, no insight, no plan. Allison gives him a wink, disarming Trevor. TREVOR
28) 16) text: Do you use this wife thing to hit on all the interns? TREVOR
28) 18) text: There. Just like a baby's butt. Allison gets up, grabs a clipboard starts filling out a report. Trevor stares at her.
28) 23) text: Easy there Trevor. You need to relax. TREVOR
28) 25) text: You need to get better first Trevor. Way better. (scribbling in the chart) It's okay to miss somebody. It's okay to still love someone after they're gone. But you've got to quit blaming yourself okay...? Okay? Allison looks up and notices Trevor's body has slackened, eyes empty. She drops the clipboard and starts snapping h fingers over his eyes. ALLISON
28) 26) text: Trevor? He is unconscious. A LOUD STEADY BUZZ sounds from one of machines behind her as blood begins to leak out of Trevor ear. Allison jumps up and hits call button above Trevor's bed. ALLISON (CONT'D)
28) 28) text: It's okay Trevor I'm coming for you. Allison rubs the paddles together, presses the paddles against Trevor's chest and-
29) 0) text: -Trevor sits bolt upright in his bed. His alarm clock is making that same BUZZING noise.
30) 0) text: Trevor is on his computer typing madly. ON THE SCREEN WE he has accessed the local newspaper. He calls up an artic reading: ACCIDENT LEAVES ONE HOSPITALIZED ANOTHER MISSING He looks at a newspaper picture of the bridge, which is humming with rescue activity. Trevor's head is pounding. He goes into his desk drawer a pulls out a bottle of aspirin. Trevor empties the last of the bottle's six tablets into hand, downs them, chases them with what's left of an econ sized bottle of Mylanta. Trevor can't seem to even look a his computer screen. He hears a DING-DING and looks up. He has an instant office message waiting. Trevor clicks O The instant message reads: Г¬IT'S TOO LATE.Г® Trevor rapi types up. Г¬WHO IS THIS.Г® The same message is repeated.
30) 2) text: Must be nice. TREVOR
30) 4) text: Getting paid for doing shit. Bret goes back to work again, fingers HAMMERING away. TREVOR
30) 9) text: Seriously man, you oughta work for the government. You've got the sense of urgency for it. Trevor himself begins to type, slowly, reluctantly. TREVOR
30) 11) text: Hey if the boss doesn't notice who cares right? Just slack all the live long day if you want. TREVOR
30) 13) text: Yeah, how's that? TREVOR
30) 15) text: Really? Do tell. TREVOR
30) 16) text: (smiling) Gwen. Bret freezes. He then looks at Trevor, eyes bulging. BRET
30) 19) text: You were supposed to have a date with Gwen last night? GWEN DEARDON? The supervisor? TREVOR
30) 24) text: (super sarcastic) Wow that's quite a feat Trevor congratulations. Must be really tough to get your brains fucked out by a CORPSE. Trevor stops and looks at Bret. TREVOR
30) 26) text: Me? This is your sick joke man. Gwen was murdered here six months ago. The security guard found her all over her office. Her head was in the waste paper basket. Her stomach was in the filing cabinet. Her ass was on the copy machine... Trevor is speechless. BRET (CONT'D)
30) 27) text: They never found the sicko who did it... remember? Trevor still can't speak. He goes into his computer mailb and re-opens the file he'd received from Г¬You Know Who.Г He stifles a scream when he sees the jpegs have changed. they're still of Gwen. Pieces of her swimming in puddles her own blood. Where it once said Г¬Work harderГ® it now Г¬Police File.Г® TREVOR
30) 28) text: (to himself) Jesus Christ... Trevor looks behind him to make sure Bret hasn't seen any this. He's facing his own computer typing away. BRET
30) 29) text: Man are you ever out of the loop. Either that or you've got the worst sense of humor this side of Jeffrey Dahmer. What is your problem anyway? Trevor quickly deletes the entire file. Finally...
30) 34) text: Bud you need to decompress. I told you you came back to work too soon after the accident. Trevor says nothing. BRET (CONT'D)
30) 35) text: Hey you know what Trev? I'm going to hook you up man. Here... Bret wheels across the cubicle on his chair and hands something to Trevor. It's an oddly designed postcard bear some sort of voodoo mask. The font is faux-Oriental, the they use for Chinese take-out menus. He looks closer. It' appointment card for an acupuncturist. Sage. BRET (CONT'D)
31) 0) text: A chart of all the puncture points on the human body is tacked to the wall. Trevor lies on the table. SAGE, a gorgeous ethereal India woman is at the far end, hovering over the soles of his f sticking pins into the appropriate places. She looks up a him slyly. SAGE
31) 1) text: These headaches you've been getting. Do they happen in conjunction with the hallucinations? Sage walks over to one of the cabinets, gathering more acupuncture needles. Trevor can't help but notice her sha body, her feline gait. Sage throws a sultry glance over h shoulder at him, prompting him to finally answer her question. TREVOR
31) 7) text: Dreams? TREVOR
31) 9) text: You should always listen to your subconscious. It's trying to tell you something about your waking life. Sage begins applying the needles fluidly to his upper bod now. TREVOR (CONT'D)
31) 10) text: But I never feel like I'm sleeping. It's sort of, waking narcolepsy. I'll be somewhere and then- (snapping his fingers) -it's like I was never wherever I was to begin with I was really somewhere else entirely. Sage puts the last needle in. For the first time Trevor actually feels a releief of pressure in his head. TREVOR (cont'd)
31) 13) text: (patting his cheek) Don't go anywhere. I'll be right back. Trevor watches Sage EXIT the office. He lies there a mome bathing in warm sunshine. He is relaxed, pain free.
31) 17) text: I'm thinking this might just be what I needed. Pinhead speaks but in Sages voice. As he pushes on of the pins into the tip Trevors skin in his back . PINHEAD
31) 18) text: No matter what happens just remember... Before Trevor can react, Pinhead suddenly jabs the pin do into Trevor's back, pinning him to the table! It sears hi skin. In Pinheads recognizable voice... PINHEAD (CONT'D)
31) 19) text: We're all here for you Trevor. As Trevor reels in terror, Pinhead pulls another foot lon needle from his head and thrusts this one into his neck! SEE the needle come right out the other side, nailing its into the table. Trevor can't believe he's still alive! Pinhead pulls one more out, aims this one at Trevor's arm and swings down.
32) 0) text: Allison pokes Trevor's arm with a hypodermic. She places reassuring hand on his chest. Machines behind her are PIN and BUZZING like crazy. Allison looks a little worried. ALLISON
33) 0) text: TREVOR'S POV: Buried in the murky shadow, all that can be seen are his hands, lit by a shaft of sunlight beaming through a blinded window. A ring on the man's left pinky finger glimmers eerily, almost too much. We saw this man an earlier FLASHBACK He's holding something. The cube. He speaks in an ECHOED DISTORTED VOICE. DARKENED MAN
33) 2) text: Open this and your problem will disappear forever. And no one will ever suspect you. A word of caution though. A certain side effect of the box. Pleasure. Pleasures that would redefine the parameters of sensation. Trevors picks up the cube. DARKENED MAN (CONT'D)
34) 0) text: Trevor quietly wakes up to the sound of his alarm BUZZING again. He stares at the ceiling.
35) 0) text: Trevor pushes through the front doors and a RECEPTIONIST greets him with a big smile and a business card.
35) 4) text: Afternoon doll-face. Hey, a police detective was just here to see you. (looking at the card) Some guy named Givens. She hands the card to him batting her eyelashes. Trevor l at the card as she checks out his package. Trevor reads t word HOMICIDE. TREVOR
35) 6) text: For you bubbalicious? (winking) I'd lay across a bed of nails. Trevor walks back OUT and the receptionist watches him go Another female employee walks by staring at Trevor. She l at the receptionist and they both nod in agreement. RECEPTIONIST (CONT'D)
36) 0) text: Same office only Trevor is sitting at the other desk acro from a hawklike MAN who is playing with a yoyo. This is GIVENS. If good cop bad cop is the scheme here, he's the latter. TREVOR
36) 2) text: What did you just say? TREVOR
36) 4) text: No. No you said HER BODY's been missing. TREVOR
36) 9) text: Last time anybody saw this woman she was alive. You seem to certain she's dead. TREVOR
36) 11) text: I read up on you, man. You're a smart guy aren't you? I mean with numbers. Right? TREVOR
36) 13) text: Zero's a number right? TREVOR
36) 15) text: How many zeros was your wife worth? Brow furrowing, Trevor stands up. TREVOR
36) 16) text: I need to talk to my attorney. Now. Givens pushes his phone toward Trevor, who takes it and d furiously. Givens remains poker-faced. Trevor dials a num TREVOR (CONT'D)
36) 17) text: (into phone) Yes I need LARRY ELLIS' office please. He says the lawyer's name like it's supposed to intimidat Givens. He couldn't care less. TREVOR (CONT'D)
36) 18) text: (a beat) Yeah this is Trevor Gooding I need to speak with Larry... Trevor...? Kirsty Gooding's husband...? (another beat) I see do you know when he'll be out that meeting? Fine I'll uh... call back then... Okay you give him the message and he'll call me that's great.
37) 0) text: Trevor types bitterly on the computer crunching numbers l a madman. BRET
38) 0) text: Trevor plays his videogame with venom. The cries of his k emanate from the TV, building to a crescendo. Finally we a WOMAN'S VOICE come from the TV. WOMAN'S VOICE
39) 0) text: Trevor stares at the self-taken picture of him and his wi mugging at the camera. What is it that Kirsty is holding?
40) 0) text: The TV is on. Trevor flips through the channels. He stops the Nature Channel. A goat is casually munching on some n and berries. ANNNOUNCER'S VOICE
40) 8) text: (from TV) The Book of Revelations speaks of the anti-Christ as the beast with many eyes. For centuries illustrators have chosen a goat to represent this beast. His eyes hurting too much to watch any more, Trevor turns TV off. Out of sheer instinct he suddenly turns to look-
40) 10) text: Hey. Can I borrow something? TREVOR
41) 0) text: She turns around, leading Trevor through the hall like a horse. A very confused horse. TREVOR
42) 0) text: Trevor leans against the counter, sipping at a glass of w nervously. Right next to him, Tawny's at the stove, stirr a pot of something dark and bubbly. She looks up at him, smiling seductively. But Trevor's still a few lengths beh TAWNY
42) 1) text: You okay? TREVOR
42) 3) text: Really? Tawny grabs Trevor's balls and he jumps away as if jolted a cattle-prod. TAWNY (CONT'D)
42) 4) text: I'm kinda feeling nuts myself! TREVOR
42) 10) text: Taste this. Keeping a hand below his waist Trevor leans toward the sp tastes, licks his lips. Then squints. TREVOR
42) 12) text: For starters. It's also got fennel, asparagus, olives, some more of mother nature's aphrodisiacs... Back in college, me and my roommates used to call it hard- on stew. TREVOR
42) 14) text: Have some more. Trevor takes another sip of it. TAWNY (CONT'D)
42) 15) text: If you ever smelled this coming from our dorm room, you knew one of us was in there getting laid. TREVOR
42) 17) text: It's getting hot in here. Tawny summarily unzips her rubber dress and whips it off. Trevor is speechless. Tawny's body is covered with bites and bruises. TREVOR
42) 19) text: You're kidding right? Trevor shakes his head no.
42) 23) text: You did! God, you are funny tonight. Tawny approaches Trevor who tenses up. TAWNY (CONT'D)
42) 24) text: Almost like I'm with somebody else. Trevor starts looking very ill. TREVOR
42) 26) text: Well now there's a compliment. Trevor grabs his stomach, lurching over. He can't breath. Trevor looks up at Tawny. But it is no longer her. Tawny changed into something else entirely. A CENOBITE. The Cenobite rips Trevor's shirt open, and we can see movement within his abdomen. Like a baby kicking. Whateve in their shoots up expanding Trevor's chest cavity. The Cenobite pins Trevor to the wall and hovers in his fa as if about to kiss him. Before Trevor can scream he is choking. The Cenobite watc with glee as something begins to move up into Trevor's throat, expanding his neck, forcing his jaws open and finally... ... a BLACK EEL pokes its head out of Trevor's mouth. The Cenobite opens its own mouth and the eel starts to crawl inside it. Meanwhile Trevor's about to pass out from asphyxiation when-
43) 7) text: Feeling better now? Trevor shakes his head. TREVOR
43) 9) text: Well that's not necessarily a bad thing is it? TREVOR
43) 11) text: Shh. Don't blame yourself Trevor. Please. TREVOR
43) 12) text: I miss her. I miss my wife. Trevor takes her hand. Allison looks briefly around her then... climbs onto the bed with him. ALLISON
43) 13) text: If you need to cry, go ahead. I won't tell. Holding her hand to his face, Trevor closes his eyes, squeezing out a tear. CLOSE ON TREVOR'S FACE. WE start to NOTICE subtle differe about Allison's hand. It is very pale, the fingernails bl Trevor opens his eyes.
44) 0) text: He is now lying on Tawny's bed, which is surrounded by un candles. Sunlight streams through her open window. It is hand he is holding to his face. The rest of her is sittin under the sheet, covered head propped against the headboa Trevor drops her hand and it falls lifelessly to the bed beside him. Breathing quickening he reaches up to the bla silk sheet covering her head. He yanks it back and covers mouth in horror. She's been bound to the bed and gagged with a white cloth that is soaked with blood. A deep vertical incision has b made in her neck, collarbone to chin and her tongue is pu through the wound so it sticks out the bottom of her jaw. that's just for starters. When Trevor looks down he gags when he sees her ribcage h been opened like a set of French doors and her insides sitting in her lap. The coup de grace? Trevor now sees he is covered with blo HERS.
45) 0) text: Trevor splashes his face with cold water, trying to get h composure back. He stares at the water rushing down the d for a moment. His breathing stabilizes He finally looks u his reflection in the mirror... ... to see PINHEAD staring back at him. Trevor jolts backward in shock and does a double take. It him now, looking completely unhinged. Outside the PHONE RINGS. The answering machine picks up w a BEEP. LANGE'S VOICE
46) 0) text: Cleaned up now Trevor carefully makes his way back to Taw apartment. He tries the door. It's locked. This can't be right. He jiggles the door knob violently, then finally K the door.
46) 4) text: Can I help you? TREVOR
46) 5) text: Tawny... I- you're- Trevor goes to embrace her. She shrinks back, startled. TAWNY
46) 6) text: Whoa, I have serious space issues, dude. What do you want? TREVOR
46) 8) text: (a look of recognition) Hey you're the guy from down the hall. TREVOR
46) 13) text: It's that guy from down the hall. He thinks we did something with him last night. TREVOR
46) 19) text: What can we do for you, chief? TREVOR
46) 20) text: I... who are you? Brute takes a sideward step through the doorway, forcing Trevor back two steps. BRUTE
46) 21) text: You know Tawny, you better know me, pal. TREVOR
46) 23) text: Much. Trevor turns and hurries off. Brute turns to Tawny who sh and makes a twirly motion at her temple. The two go back her apartment.
47) 0) text: Trevor paces in his apartment telephone to his ear. He le out a heavy breath and looks at his watch. Finally: OPERATOR (V.O.)
47) 1) text: City police main switchboard how may I direct your call? TREVOR
47) 3) text: Oh he and his partner just stepped out to lunch, can I-? Trevor hangs up.
48) 0) text: Trevor sits at the front of the bus agitated. He folds an unfolds Detective Lange's business card in his hands like some frustrated Origami artist. The SIREN from a passing ambulance drills his ears. The irritating sound eventually fades away but the pain in hi head is still there. The BONGING of a distant cathedral's bell makes him pause looks around. Toward the rear and sees a familiar old lady knitting a baby's bootie. He looks again. The bootie is bright red a dripping... blood? Trevor follows the strand of bright re wool down to their source: A DYING GOAT laying under the seat. It's insides have bee ripped out. Its veins and tendons are serving as the old lady's yarn. Trevor's eyes bolt back up to the old woman. She continue HUMMING sweetly, her lap speckled with goat's blood. Trev pulls the wire and an OBNOXIOUS BUZZING goes off. Trevor hurries up to the bus driver as the bus pulls over. TREVOR
48) 2) text: Not while the bus is moving, sir. Trevor clutches his head in pain and waits for the bus to stop. The doors open. He jumps off, knees nearly buckling from the pain. He looks up as the bus speeds off. IN THE REAR WINDOW the little black girl seen earlier pop up. She's holding her little doll. She pushes a clothespi into its head. Blood drips from the puncture. At the same time Trevor feels an incredible pain sear through his hea He squints at the bus again. The little girl is gone.
49) 0) text: Lange is at his desk eating a sandwich. Trevor comes in angrier than a hornet in a beehive. TREVOR
49) 5) text: Mr. Gooding I assure you we are doing everything within our- TREVOR
49) 7) text: I don't know what you're talking about. Trevor SLAMS his hand down on Lange's desk and gets right his face. TREVOR
50) 1) text: (not looking up) Basically they know where your wife's body is and they're not telling you as a tactic to get you to confess? Yet neither of them has come out and told you that you're a suspect. Is that what you're trying to say? Trevor sits on the other side of the humongous office in chair so big it practically swallows him whole. TREVOR
50) 3) text: A little? Try unbelievably. TREVOR
50) 8) text: Trevor barring the more outrageous aspects of your claim you are not the only widower the police have questioned when foul play is suspected. TREVOR
50) 10) text: (concentrating on his notes) And as far as hiding a body goes? I find it hard to believe even the dirtiest of cops would keep a victim's remains hidden simply to get someone to confess. It's absolutely preposterous. Now I'm not saying I don't believe you, I'm....ambiguous. There's quite alot of money behind all this. TREVOR
50) 13) text: (from intercom) Right away Mr. Ellis. TREVOR
50) 15) text: In the vicinity of eight million four hundred fifty thousand. Or is it sixty- TREVOR
50) 22) text: Seeing you were her sole benefactor, and I'm the executive of the will, Kirsty's entire estate would have to be donated to the city. TREVOR
50) 24) text: Pardon my glibness Trevor but you sound like a raving lunatic. The next time you seek counsel it should be of the psychiatric type. You're obviously on the verge of some nervous collapse. TREVOR
50) 25) text: Thanks for your concern Larry. And fuck you too. Trevor gets up and heads for the door. LARRY
50) 26) text: (to Trevor's back) I never thought your late wife was the sharpest knife in the drawer. But marrying you was the dumbest thing she ever did! On his way out Trevor nearly runs down Larry's ASSISTANT was just coming IN with a large file. Trevor's gone.
51) 0) text: Trevor looks despondently out the window. The cab stops a Trevor hands some money to the CABBIE up front. TREVOR
52) 0) text: Trevor gets out of the cab, which drives off leaving him the bridge looking down at the water below.
53) 0) text: Police tape FLAPS between the trees. Other than that ther no sign of an investigation. Trevor walks out of the wood the shore, through the police tape and to the water's edg He begins to walk the shore looking out at the still wate He scans the area where the water meets the land, trying remember. Something on the surface few feet away catches his eye. I a rock sticking up. No it's something else. Trevor walks right up to the water and puts his feet on a couple of la rocks breaking the surface. He bends down and looks at... THE CORNER OF A BLACK CUBE. He quickly reaches down, trie pick it up. It seems to be stuck just below the surface. Trevor pulls harder and finally it gives. Trevor slowly l the black cube out of the water and GASPS when he sees-
54) 0) text: Trevor jumps scaring the hell out of Allison who has just gotten done taking his pulse. ALLISON
54) 1) text: Jesus I wish you would stop doing that. Trevor looks down at himself. He's on an examination tabl his normal clothes not a hospital johnnie. That's a good sign. TREVOR
54) 2) text: Allison... Trevor tries to put his thoughts together.
54) 6) text: Well Trevor? What have you got to say for yourself? Que pasa? TREVOR
54) 9) text: Blink. Trevor blinks. Satisfied, Allison sits on the bed next to Trevor and takes his hand. ALLISON (CONT'D)
54) 10) text: Okay. What we're going to do is up the Topomax to two per day instead of one, see if that takes care of these hallucinatory seizures you've been having. The extra Topomax won't interfere with the painkillers either but... You're going to be thrilled to hear this part but we have been told by some patients it affects the memory somewhat... TREVOR
54) 12) text: You're one tough cookie, Trevor Gooding. You keep coming back to your corner for a quick fix up then go right back out into the ring for another round. TREVOR
54) 13) text: Some call it resilience. Others, stupidity. Allison lets a lapse in the conversation last too long. T look of concern returns as she lingers on his face. She's trying to say something. TREVOR (CONT'D)
54) 18) text: (surprised at her own emotional outflow) Of course, yes. TREVOR
54) 20) text: I know, my bedside manner's horrendous. Allison finishes writing a few notes, and Trevors rolls d his sleves. He's intrigued. TREVOR
54) 22) text: All finished. Neither of them want this visit to be over. TREVOR (cont'd)
55) 0) text: The two share the end of an empty cafeteria table, eating pastel colored trays. TREVOR
55) 2) text: I don't know... Beirut? New Orleans? TREVOR
55) 4) text: I'm stumped. TREVOR
55) 11) text: Okay so... what's the safest place? TREVOR
55) 12) text: Statistically speaking? Inside a moving bus. Allison LAUGHS. TREVOR (CONT'D)
55) 14) text: Okay Mr. Statistics I've got one for you. What's the most common cause of death for adults over the age of eighteen? TREVOR
55) 16) text: Second most common? TREVOR
55) 18) text: Eighty third most common. TREVOR
55) 20) text: You just made that up. TREVOR
55) 21) text: Like you're gonna check. They both chuckle, Trevor's expression gets serious. Afte moment of silence. ALLISON
55) 27) text: I understand, I think. Other women? TREVOR
55) 29) text: You were unfaithful, it sounds like your confessing. TREVOR
55) 30) text: I did more then that. Allison reaches accross the table for Trevors hand. A qui moment. ALLISON
56) 0) text: Trevor and Allison sit in a couple of chairs looking out the other rooftops around them. TREVOR
56) 2) text: Oh I knew about the chairs already. This is where the emphysema patients come to sneak cigarettes. She points to the ground at myriad butts scattered at the feet. Trevor smiles and looks at his hands. ALLISON (CONT'D)
56) 3) text: Don't tell me. Kirsty used to smoke? TREVOR
56) 8) text: Sure plenty of times. TREVOR
56) 10) text: Sure plenty of times. TREVOR
56) 12) text: Trevor if someone is talking from a sleep state they are obviously dreaming. So practically everything say is going to sound strange. TREVOR
56) 14) text: No. TREVOR
56) 16) text: No. But at one point you did repeat something though. A phrase. You must have been having this recurring dream, you just kept saying this one thing over and over TREVOR
56) 18) text: You said, "Jealousy arouses a husbands fury, and he will show no mercy when he takes revenge." (Proverbs 6:34) Does that mean anything to you Trevor? TREVOR
56) 19) text: It means I have alot more questions. Trevor stares off into the distance. ALLISON
56) 25) text: If it makes you feel better that took every ounce of self control I had. Trevor, I never date patients. TREVOR
56) 27) text: No you don't understand. That's why I've been fighting to get you better. So you wouldn't be a patient anymore. TREVOR
57) 0) text: Trevor walks through the maze of cubicles a big smile on face. He's actually having a good day.
58) 0) text: Bret's already looking up at Trevor as he ENTERS. TREVOR
58) 1) text: Don't say a word, Bret. Trevor's smile disappears when he sees someone's already sitting in his chair. LANGE. He's on Trevor's computer surfing the internet. BRET
58) 6) text: (concentrating on the computer) Nice chatting with ya. Bret gets up and LEAVES as Trevor approaches Lange. LANGE (CONT'D)
58) 7) text: Sorry I'm in your seat aren't I? TREVOR
58) 8) text: No please make yourself at home. Trevor sits in Bret's chair as Lange logs off and swivels face Trevor. LANGE
58) 9) text: How's everything, Mr. Gooding? TREVOR
58) 11) text: I thought you loved games. TREVOR
58) 13) text: You and your wife were playing a game shortly before you got into that car accident weren't you? TREVOR
58) 14) text: Where is she? Where is my wife? Lange shakes his head and pulls something else out of his pocket. It's The Cube sealed in a ziploc. Trevor cannot conceal a feeling of dread. LANGE
58) 15) text: We found this curious little object not too far from the site of the accident. No prints but forensics scraped a little dark residue that was caked on one of the corners. It was blood Trevor. Matched some blood we took off your car seat too. Can you tell me anything about it?
58) 21) text: Sorry to take up your time like that Trevor. Don't work too hard. Oh, before I forget. I talked your neighbor out of pressing charges. TREVOR
58) 23) text: The whackjob in the black lipstick who lives down the hall? She wanted you arrested for harassment. I told her to chill out and smoke a joint. I'd look the other way as long as she did you know? TREVOR
58) 25) text: We're all here for you Trevor. Lange gets up and EXITS. Trevor satys seated, after a bea stands up looking over his cubicle and sees DET. GIVENS staring back at him from the door. Trevors sits back down Trevor suddenly clutches his head as if it's been killing this whole time. He goes to his chair picks up the phone dials. RECORDING (V.O.)
58) 26) text: (from phone) We're sorry the number you have has either been disconnected or no longer in service. If you feel you have reached this recording in error- Trevor hangs up. We can almost hear his head throbbing in pain. He turns around and there's BRET LEANING AGAINST his desk eating a frozen yogurt. Staring at Trevor.
58) 30) text: Frogurt guy's here. They're all out chocolate vanilla swirl or I'd have gotten you one. TREVOR
58) 32) text: Hey if you're not doing anything I'd like to buy you a beer after work. Be just like old times. TREVOR
58) 34) text: I quit. Today's my last day. This hits Trevor like a ton of bricks.
59) 0) text: The place is practically empty. Bret and Trevor play dart and work on a pitcher of beer. Country Western plays on t jukebox. BRET
59) 1) text: I've got a better offer. More time off. A sort of career shift, more in the engineering line of work. TREVOR
59) 3) text: As much as he feels like. Its a much more pleasurable line of work. TREVOR
59) 5) text: Yahtzee. Were all in this together Trev. Trevor there are people who are doing exactly what we're doing but they don't need to wear a tie, punch a clock or have some tight assed supervisor breathing down their necks. Its all about the pleasure Trevor!
59) 10) text: Almost that fast. I got a few loose ends to tie up first. Came into a shitload of money recently. I've always wanted to go to take a trip. We're just gonna walk into the airport and decide right then and there. TREVOR
59) 12) text: Someone special. Bret throws a dart with extra mph. It misses the board entirely and hits the wall. Trevor winces in pain suddenl He touches his head and looks at his fingers. Fresh blood
59) 14) text: Okay pull over. TREVOR
59) 15) text: (looking at his watch) But... I thought... Trevor waits a moment to see if she's kidding. KIRSTY
59) 20) text: Kristy noooo! And he makes a move toward the car, as the box comes to l This stops Trevor in his tracks, and he looks toward Alli Who is now PINHEAD. PINHEAD
60) 0) text: Trevor raises his head from the bar. The beers are there Bret is gone. Trevors stares at himself in the mirror opposite the bar. He looks like shit. He thinks hard abou the flashback. Out the door he goes.
61) 0) text: -Trevor's holding the phone up to his ear agitated beyond belief. He'd pace if he could. Instead he just fumes. TREVOR
61) 1) text: (into phone) Yes I'm trying to reach one of your interns... Allison Dormere...? She works in the emergency room there... What do you mean...? I just saw her today... Yes I'm sure she works there I've been in and out of that place five times in the last month...! Well good day to you too asshole! -CLOSE UP on Trevor's hand searching through the D's in t white pages. He slams the book shut in frustration. -He's on the phone again. TREVOR (CONT'D)
61) 2) text: No such listing...? Could you at least tell me IF she has an unlisted number...? What do you mean there are no Dormeres at all there have to be...! WELL LOOK AGAIN! (a beat, more timidly) H-hello? Trevor SLAMS the phone down and touches his head again. H looks at his hand. The blood is gone. But the headache is back. Its crippling at this point. He's at his wits end. reaches into his pocket and finds Pages card. Maybe as a resort? THE PHONE RINGS. IT RINGS AGAIN. Trevor presses his palm against his eye. Trevor picks up the phone. TREVOR (CONT'D)
61) 4) text: (from phone) Goodbye... TREVOR
62) 0) text: Trevor is out of breath as he walks up to the last resort The entrance to Sage's building. The front door is locked presses a three digit code on the alarm box. RING. RING. phone picks up. He's deperate. SAGE'S VOICE
62) 1) text: Hello? TREVOR
62) 2) text: Sage it's me Trevor. You've got to help me.
63) 0) text: Trevor's head hits the pillow on the acupuncture table. TREVOR
63) 2) text: Trevor your body has been completely healed. All the nerve endings have repaired themselves. If there is any pain in your head it's... in your head. TREVOR
63) 5) text: My teacher told me once there's a puncture point on your body that can lock your soul within it, even after you're dead. So that when you die you're trapped inside your body, watching it corrode for all eternity. TREVOR
63) 10) text: It was an analogy. Your soul is locked up inside you. You need to free it Trevor. You've blocked it from the healing process. That's what we need to do now. Heal your soul. And to do that I you have to give in utterly and without any hesitation or doubt. Do you know what I mean by giving in? It's about trust. Do you trust me implicitly? TREVOR
63) 12) text: You can trust me. Your wife is dead and you need to move past that. And the only way to move past something completely is to go straight through it, not around it. Surrender yourself to your wife's death. Let it chew you up and spit you back out on the other side. It's the only way you can become whole again. Sage looks Trevor dead in the eye. SAGE (CONT'D)
63) 13) text: Are you ready? TREVOR
63) 14) text: I surrender... Trevor closes his eyes
63) 15) text: of Sage dimming the lights so that the room is nice and dark... placing needles into Trevor's body... his shoulders... his chest... his neck... his legs... his fac Trevor finally opens his eyes to find... ... he's completely naked on Sage's table! And she's maki love to his body, which is now filled with needles! TREVOR (CONT'D)
64) 0) text: Trevor wakes up shivering. He is in the passenger seat, h resting against a baby blanket. A hand touches his... ... Kirsty's. TREVOR
64) 2) text: It's okay it was just a nightmare that's all. Trevor looks at Kirsty. She is breathtakingly beautiful. TREVOR
64) 4) text: Yes. Now go back to sleep. You're driving the rest of the way to gramma's remember? Trevor looks in the back and for the first time sees an INFANT GIRL sleeping in a car seat behind him. KIRSTY (CONT'D)
64) 5) text: Trevor I've decided we have got to agree on a name before we reach my mother's. This poor kid's going to be starting preschool as student x if we don't make up our minds. So, I've been thinking, what about Daisy? TREVOR
64) 7) text: Well that was easy all of a sudden. Trevor looks back at Kirsty. TREVOR
65) 0) text: Trevor's eye rivet open again. A PARAMEDIC is snapping hi fingers in front of them. Another paramedic is readying a hypodermic. PARAMEDIC
65) 1) text: Can you hear me? Just nod. Trevor nods. PARAMEDIC (CONT'D)
65) 2) text: Do you know where you are? TREVOR
65) 4) text: We're just gonna take some blood here. The other paramedic sticks a needle in Trevor's arm. PARAMEDIC (CONT'D)
65) 5) text: You know what day it is? Trevor shakes his head. The paramedic holds up two finger PARAMEDIC (CONT'D)
65) 6) text: Okay how many fingers am I holding up? TREVOR
65) 8) text: Can you follow them? Paramedic moves his hand left to right. Trevor keeps his on it. PARAMEDIC (CONT'D)
65) 9) text: Perfect. Hey you remember what happened back there? TREVOR
65) 15) text: No it was nothing that extreme. You were riding on the bus and just collapsed onto the floor. Out cold. Remember being on a bus now? TREVOR
66) 0) text: A couple of orderlies wheel Trevor into the exact room he been coming to this whole time. The orderlies EXIT and wh should ENTER but Dr. Ambrose... and the ANGULAR NURSE who readied him for the brain surgery at the beginning. DR. AMBROSE
66) 1) text: Hello I'm Dr... TREVOR
66) 3) text: Have we met? TREVOR
66) 5) text: Take no offense Trevor. I see many patients a day and have an awful memory. TREVOR
66) 6) text: Join the club. Ambrose holds a penlight up to each of Trevor's eyes and nods. DR. AMBROSE (CONT'D)
66) 7) text: Right. Trevor you just had a seizure brought on by a severe migraine. Things could be much worse. In the next few days you need to take plenty of aspirin, stay out of the sun and make sure you've had at least eight glasses of water by the time you go to bed at night. Trevor just stares at Dr. Ambrose.
66) 11) text: Why don't you relax for the next couple of hours? Barring any relapses you should be able to go home after that. TREVOR
66) 13) text: Who's Allison? TREVOR
66) 15) text: Uh we have no intern by that name here Mr. Gooding. Listen I'll be back in a few hours to check up on you meantime relax try not to move around too much. Ambrose pats Trevor's shoulder congenially and WALKS OUT. NURSE
66) 16) text: There there Trevor. Get some sleep. Trevor tenses when the nurse smiles. NURSE (CONT'D)
66) 17) text: If you need anything give myself or any of the nurses a call okay? We're- TREVOR
66) 18) text: Don't tell me. Г«We're all here for you Trevor' right? Go ahead say it! You know you want to! The nurse looks taken aback. NURSE
66) 19) text: What the hell are you talking about...? Trevor suddenly jumps up yanking electrodes and IV tubes his body. The nurse is back to normal and very disconcert NURSE (CONT'D)
66) 20) text: Trevor! Mr. Gooding lay back down- Trevor runs out of the woman mowing the woman down in his tracks.
67) 0) text: Trevor rushes down the halls of the hospital nearly knock down Dr. Ambrose. DR. AMBROSE
67) 1) text: Hey! Trevor races as fast as his feet can carry him easily los Dr. Ambrose.
68) 0) text: Trevor runs down a corridor through another doorway and i another wing of the hospital entirely. He arrives at the to Allison's office and throws it open. It's actually a janitor's closet.
69) 0) text: Dressed in janitorial garb, Trevor bursts open the stairw door and comes out on the roof. An OLD MAN in a johnnie is sitting in one of the chairs n too far away. An oxygen tube trails from his nose to an oxygen tank at his feet. OLD MAN
69) 2) text: Least let me finish will ya? Got one puff left. TREVOR
69) 4) text: Music to my ears. The old man lights a fresh cigarette with the one he's ju finished. Trevor turns to go back and THERE'S ALLISON standing in t doorway. ALLISON
69) 5) text: Trevor. I heard you were looking for me. Is everything all right?
69) 10) text: Come here. Allison holds him. The old smoker turns and watches with curiosity. TREVOR
69) 12) text: Trevor things like this happen to people who experience temporary memory loss. Everybody does things they regret. You just couldn't remember doing these things and now you are so it's a shock to the system. I'm telling you. You will never get better if you keep blaming yourself for your wife's death. TREVOR
69) 13) text: Maybe I wasn't responsible for the car accident... The old man calls out to Trevor wheezily. OLD MAN
69) 14) text: Hey buddy! TREVOR
69) 16) text: Hey buddy! Trevor turns to the old man. TREVOR
69) 18) text: (wheezing) Who the hell are you talking to? Trevor turns and Allison is gone. Vanished into thin air.
70) 0) text: Trevor sits at the front of an empty bus rubbing his head stares at the spot where the creepy old lady knitting the baby's bootie used to sit. He looks under the seat. There nothing there. The HYDRAULICS HISS as the bus comes to a stop. BUS DRIVER
70) 1) text: This is it mister. Trevor gets up and hurries off giving the driver a cursor glance. The driver doesn't look at Trevor as he speaks. BUS DRIVER (CONT'D)
70) 2) text: Have a good night now. Trevor EXITS the bus.
71) 0) text: Trevor steps out of the bus and faces the ROMAN CATHOLIC CATHEDRAL. He ascends the steps.
72) 0) text: Trevor sits in the booth across from the tiny screen, beh which is a VERY TIRED PRIEST who is still in his pajamas. TREVOR
72) 2) text: What things do you think you've done? TREVOR
72) 8) text: Trevor I'm sure you killed no one. You are very distraught over your wife's death and rightfully so. You did the right thing by confessing to me here tonight. And you should keep praying for the wisdom that will set your soul at ease. That being said, you are still in a highly emotional state right now. It might do you some good to get some professional help. Confess to them the way you confessed to me. In time you'll probably find that the real killer has already been caught. Or better yet... that these murders never happened at all. TREVOR
72) 10) text: All you've got is the here and the now Trevor. That's all anyone really has. Maybe this will make things easier to understand. A man goes to sleep every night and has recurring dream that he's a butterfly. In time he begins to wonder if he might actually be a butterfly who dreams he's a man. And at the end of the day does it even matter? All these events you're describing. How can you be sure any of them really happened? TREVOR
73) 0) text: Trevor rushes out of the confessional. THE CATHEDRAL BELL begins to CLANG. Eardrums getting battered by the RINGING Trevor blocks his ears and rushes toward the exit- -coming face to face with a gargoyle blocking his path. PINHEAD. Though he speaks softly his voice is heard easil over the bell. PINHEAD
73) 1) text: Still in the dark I see? TREVOR
73) 3) text: Poor Trevor. TREVOR
73) 5) text: I hear everything. And soon you will know everything. More than you ever wanted I can guarantee that. But I want you to think for a minute first. Think about all you've seen. All the clues you've been given. Pinhead opens his cloak revealing the darkness within. To Trevor's shock his sucked right into this void inside Pinhead.
74) 0) text: Trevor is thrust into the interior of his office building Everyone's gone for the day. The only light is coming in streetlights outside. Trevor races past the cubicles runn out into a hallway. He looks down one end then the other... where he sees an office light is on. He cautiously approaches the office. He looks inside.
75) 0) text: Gwen's hacked up body is strewn about the office. Her arm are atop the filing cabinet. Legs under her desk. Ass on copier. Trevor hears someone coming. He looks down the hall to se FLASHLIGHT BEAM TURN THE CORNER, blinding him. It's beare begins running toward Trevor. Trevor bolts the other direction heading for the exit. He pushes the door open and slams it behind him only he's no still outside yet...
76) 0) text: Tawny lies on the bed, dead, tongue sticking out of her n ribcage violated. Trevor hears someone coming toward the bedroom can see th flashlight beam jittering as its bearer approaches. Trevor rushes toward the window, opens it and leaps out o the fire escape.
77) 0) text: Trevor's about to climb down the fire escape when he is bathed in the flashlight's beam from inside. Trevor looks down and sees a garbage dumpster full of trash bags below jumps. Trevor sails down three stories and lands in the dumpster climbs out and runs to the street as fast as he can. He r down the sidewalk trying to get his bearings at the same time. Hearing footsteps from behind Trevor turns to see: The Stranger in the Window not half a block behind Trevor keeping Trevor's pace. Then... Trevor stops. And turns. The Stranger stops as well. This has never happened befor Trevor shouts down the empty street. TREVOR (CONT'D)
78) 0) text: Trevor runs into the alley, seeing no signs of the strang The end of the alley is pitch black. TREVOR
78) 4) text: Tonight was supposed to be the night, Trevor. Remember? I couldn't believe you went through five dart games and didn't even joke about it. TREVOR
78) 6) text: We were gonna be millionaires you said. Nobody'd suspect a thing. I had never even met her. No connection. Then you went and had that fucking car accident. TREVOR
78) 8) text: I followed her Trevor. I got to know her life. And what a boring one it was. Six a.m. gym, nine a.m. trendy coffee shop, noon bookstore, one soap operas, four o'clock news, five wait for Trevor to come home. And wait and wait and wait. Nine o'clock get ready for bed. (MORE)
78) 12) text: Ten o'clock fall asleep in front of the TV. She did that every day I followed her. Every single day. While you were out fucking your concubines. Every day I felt more and more bad for her, man. And hated you more and more. Trevor is absolutely speechless. BRET (CONT'D)
78) 13) text: Then I find out you're having nooners with my GWEN. That was all I could take. I didn't want to kill your wife anymore. I wanted to kill you. Even before that little accident I decided to do it on the day we'd set aside for her. Bret presses the blade against Trevor's neck a little har drawing a rivulet of blood. BRET (CONT'D)
78) 14) text: But now that ain't gonna happen either. I fell in love with Kirsty Trevor. The day she died it was like my soul had been ripped from my body. Not just because I lost someone I loved. It's because the child inside her... was mine. Bret then puts the knife to his neck. TREVOR
78) 15) text: No! Bret drags the knife across his own jugulars slicing them open. Blood pours out of his smiling mouth. Then somethin really weird happens. Cuts begin to open up all over Bret face and his hands. Blood pouring to the ground in bucket Bret lifelessly falls into the pool of blood... Before he process what's just happened, Trevor hears a NOISE behind and turns to see... several of those slithering sewer monsters coming toward him, surrounding him. And behind them, SEVERAL SILHOUETTED FIGURES walking slow toward him. We don't need three guesses to figure out who they are... CENOBITES. Panicking Trevor reaches down and grabs the knife out of Bret's hand and readies himself for the inevitable attack when- -the BLINDING LIGHT FROM A POLICE car illuminates the all First Trevor notices the sewer monsters are gone.
78) 19) text: Okay Trevor. Put the knife down. Trevor does so. TWO COPS rush up to Trevor and one swings baton down just over Trevor's eye- CRACK! LIGHTS OUT.
79) 0) text: Trevor's nose has been bleeding. His eye is black and blu his lip cut. Trevor looks out the window. The streets are deserted, foreign. Trevor looks at the rear view mirror. The cop staring bac him averts his gaze. Trevor thinks he sees something craw into the cop's eye. Lange sits next to the cop, staring back at Trevor. He ta out his antihistamine and sprays some up his nose.
80) 0) text: The doors burst open and the two cops, Lange escorts Trev IN. The lobby is entirely deserted. Trevor looks around. Ther are cups of coffee sitting on desks, jackets thrown over backs of chairs. Signs of a recently bustling workplace t has vacated.
81) 0) text: The cops hustle Trevor up to a counter, finger print him, him in a chair. One of them sits at a computer terminal. Despite being indoors both cops keep their sunglasses on. COP#1
81) 1) text: Full name? TREVOR
81) 2) text: Trevor Alan Gooding. COP#1
81) 3) text: Age? TREVOR
82) 0) text: The cops hurry Trevor down a dank corridor toward a line room. Trevor sneaks a peek inside one of the rooms. INSIDE THE DOORWAY: TWO DETECTIVES have some HAPLESS SOUL strapped to some odd looking electrical contraption. HAPLESS SOUL
82) 2) text: Wrong answer! Detective#1 hits a button and a shock races through the Hapless Soul's body. Just then the other detective notice Trevor looking in and SLAMS the door shut. The trio comes to the line up room.
83) 0) text: Trevor is shoved into the cramped booth-like room with fo other strange looking MEN who all stare at him. Silence f moment then: A LOUD BUZZ is heard and the door on the other side of ro opens. COP#1
83) 1) text: Single file. Trevor follows the other men. The MAN just ahead of Trevo turns to him. MAN
83) 2) text: We're all here for you Trevor. COP#1
84) 0) text: Trevor walks IN with the rest of the gentlemen. Hugging t nearest wall they go up a small set of stairs onto a stag Trevor hears Lange's VOICE overhead. LANGE'S VOICE
84) 5) text: Thank you! The door to the room opens again and Trevor turns, leadin the other men back through the anteroom.
85) 0) text: The cops hustle Trevor out into the hallway. The next doo down opens and out come two more detectives and... TAWNY' BOYFRIEND, the brute, looking fit to be tied. He sees Tre and fills with rage. BRUTE
85) 1) text: I hope they fry your ass mutherfucker! He lunges at Trevor. It takes the detectives he's with an two more cops to keep him from pummeling Trevor. As Trevo lead away the brute begins to sob uncontrollably. BRUTE (CONT'D)
85) 2) text: (to Trevor)
86) 0) text: Trevor sits at a tape recorder. Lange sits across from hi TREVOR
86) 1) text: For the last time. I honestly don't know how any of them died... Lange stands, squirting antihistamine in his nose. He nod Trevor and WALKS OUT. No sooner has the door closed when opens again and Givens walks IN. Givens gets right in Trevor's face. GIVENS
86) 2) text: Now I want you to tell me what you remember happening- in your own words- exactly the way you told Detective Lange. But this time I want you to make one small adjustment. TREVOR
87) 0) text: Still handcuffed Trevor is escorted toward the detention by the cops in the sunglasses. He's silently praying he'l wake up from this one somehow. No such luck. Trevor and t cops round a corner and there's Lange running up to them. LANGE
87) 1) text: (to the cops) Quick detour through the morgue boys. Lange leads them to a set of elevators. TREVOR
87) 3) text: That's right Trevor. The timing was impeccable wasn't it? It's been eight months two weeks and three days but we finally found the body. Just need you to ID it for us. TREVOR
88) 0) text: It's a long ride down. Nobody speaks. Trevor looks at the cops in the sunglasses. One of them t his pair off. His eye sockets are empty. We can see brain
89) 0) text: Trevor looks back to see Lange and the cops staring back him. LANGE
89) 1) text: Just keep walking Trevor. You can't miss it. One of the cops waves bye-bye to him. And with that the elevator doors shut. Trevor turns around and faces the long corridor. He begin his hike towards its end where an ominous set of double d awaits. He arrives at them and pushes them open.
90) 0) text: As soon as the doors open fluorescent lights flicker over illuminating two walls of metal drawers and between them: large slab of marble upon which rests a human form covere with a sheet. Trevor ENTERS. He makes his way toward the body and stares at it. A low WHEEZING noise coming from a dark corner just beyon the slab distracts him. Trevor looks and freezes when he sees: THE GOAT laying on the floor in a pool of blood. It's sti breathing. One of the goat's slatted eyes is staring at Trevor as if begging for mercy. A STRANGE RIPPING NOISE i heard. The goat MEWLS in pain then its eye rolls up. Dead The animal's body begins to quiver as a tiny wound on its back widens spitting out streams of blood. Trevor begins to back away as the wound stretches open, giving birth to a rising form... PINHEAD. He rises completely from the goat, stepping out the wound. He is red with blood for a second. Then his sk and robe absorb the blood like a sponge. Pinhead approach Trevor blocking him from the body on the slab.
90) 4) text: How is our little student doing? Has he learned his lesson yet? TREVOR
90) 6) text: Use your mind for something other than numbers dear Trevor. Think about people for a change. People other than yourself. Like the women you slept with behind your wife's back. You were always so confident you had covered your tracks. Always confident your wife actually believed your fervent denials? Part of you must have known she would find out.
91) 0) text: Gwen has Trevor on her desk riding him like a hobby horse Rain pounds against her window.
93) 0) text: Rubbing the baby that's growing inside her, Kirsty sits i front of the TV watching Trevor having yet another romant rendezvous with TAWNY. THE TV SCREEN DISSOLVES to Trevor in bed with yet another woman... and another... and another...
95) 0) text: LOW ANGLE UP AT: Kirsty, Trevor's lovely wife, raising a above her. KIRSTY
96) 0) text: TREVOR
97) 0) text: Trevor and a very pregnant Kirsty sit on their bed, passi the cube back and forth. Trevor's the one with the magic touch. The cube begins to open in his hands. Kirsty's eye light up as she watches... PINHEAD (V.O.)
97) 2) text: But someone was expecting us Trevor. And everything went according to plan.
99) 1) text: They were all real screamers too. We had a blast. And there was one more. You've seen many things you wished you hadn't. Many nightmares from which you never awoke. They were all clues in our little puzzle. Can you guess now Trevor? Can you guess the fifth soul chosen for us to torment in this little agreement? The lights flicker overhead, reddening with each strobe. Hundreds of those little sewer monsters come slithering o of the cracks in the walls, racing toward Trevor. He does care. TREVOR
99) 6) text: (smiling) Welcome to the worst nightmare of them all, Trevor. Reality. Pinhead grabs the sheet and whips it back. Trevor's jaw drops in disbelief. IT'S TREVOR'S BODY. It is blue, bloated and mutilated. Th corpse's skull has a massive crack in it. TREVOR (CONT'D)
101) 0) text: Kirsty drives. Trevor sits in the passenger seat, in the position we saw him in during his last flashback. Only no is clear the reason his head is resting on the baby blank is to keep his brains from spilling out his split open sk ON KIRSTY'S HAND holding his. It is now covered with bloo KIRSTY
103) 0) text: Trevor stares at his own dead body in utter disbelief. Th sewer monsters begin crawling up his legs. Pinhead smiles TREVOR (CONT'D)
103) 5) text: Yes. Yes that's him. REVERSE ANGLE on Kirsty looking down at the corpse wiping eyes. She looks over to the other side of the body where Trevor and Pinhead had been standing. Where now DETECTIVE LANGE and the coroner DR. AMBROSE had been standing. The two gentlemen look at each other. LANGE
103) 6) text: Well I guess that's it then. Thank you Mrs. Gooding I realize that must have been tough. Lange escorts Kirsty to the door. They EXIT but not befor Kirsty gives her late husband a parting glance. Ambrose covers Trevor's body and looks OFF CAMERA. DR. AMBROSE
103) 7) text: Alrighty. Let's get started folks. REVERSE on two other DOCTORS who are busying themselves collecting instrument. ALLISON and SAGE. They walk over t Trevor's body and get to work. Sage sticks a needle in Trevor's arm. SAGE
103) 9) text: Examining cranial fracture... Allison at his side, Ambrose checks the wound on Trevor's head, pauses to look inside Trevor's eyes. TREVOR'S POV: Ambrose closing the eyelid again. AMBROSE (CONT'D)
103) 10) text: Checking oral cavity for blockage... Ambrose opens Trevor's mouth. AMBROSE (CONT'D)
103) 11) text: And we have a winner... Ambrose pulls a long black dead lamprey out of Trevor's mouth. Looks at the slippery creature for a moment.
103) 20) text: Well? What do you say Trevor? Que pasa? DR. AMBROSE
103) 22) text: (looking at Trevor's corpse) It's simple, Dr. Ambrose. What if there is no afterlife? What happens when we die? Do we just stay stuck inside your bodies for eternity watching ourselves decompose? AMBROSE
106) 0) text: The birds are chirping. The sun is shining. Kirsty Goodin walks out the door and takes a breath of fresh air. She s down the steps of the police station toward the street. S stops in the middle of the sidewalk looking both ways. A SHADOW COMES up behind her. It's the STRANGER Trevor ha seen out his window. He grabs her shoulder startling Kirs She turns to see LARRY ELLIS, shit-eating grin on his fac He's holding an eight month old BABY. The one he was draw LARRY