14) 0) text: Eddie, his wife FIONA CHENG (30s, Hong Kong Chinese, in a simple but elegant dress), and their three sons (all under 8 and wearing matching Gucci outfits) are frozen in “natural” poses -- Eddie and Fiona “laugh” as their boys “play” with wooden airplanes that look more like props than toys -- as photographer RUSSELL WONG takes their portrait. Behind them, wide, floor-to-ceiling windows frame a panoramic view of Hong Kong.
14) 3) dialog: No, this way you get our optimal angles.
14) 5) dialog: Russell, thank you so much. It’s an honor to be photographed by you.
14) 12) dialog: Hong Kong Vogue? I knew it. Your dress is a disaster. If you wore a Bottega gown, like I told you to, we'd be in the American Vogue.
34) 14) dialog: Hey, the golden boy’s back! Nick! (to Rachel) And you must be Rachel. I’m Edison Cheng. This is my wife.
34) 16) dialog: Her name is Fiona. So, I see you've already met Princess Astrid and her little soldier toy-boy, Mikey. (busts Michael’s balls) You know Mikey is a big-shot tech startup guy. So if you, uh, forget your password, he’s your man. (then) So, you're from the Taiwan plastic Chus, right?
34) 27) dialog: 
34) 28) dialog: Okay, sorry, time out. So, you’re not from a Taiwan Chu family?
34) 30) dialog: Hong Kong telecom Chus?
34) 32) dialog: Malaysian packing peanut Chus?
34) 34) dialog: Yeah, it’s everywhere. You just -- Before Eddie can continue, Nick cuts in.
34) 36) dialog: No, wait. Hang on. China instant noodle Chus. Rachel... (as Rachel turns) Chu are you? (to Fiona) Let's go. Eddie laughs hysterically at his own horrible joke. Rachel politely smiles and moves on. Francesca and Celine hover nearby to listen in and get the dirt on Rachel. 59.
40) 3) dialog: Oh, my God, Nick. What are you worried about? You don’t have to keep Rachel happy. She’s just lucky to be here.
40) 5) dialog: Oh, what? So do we pretend like that’s not the truth? Are we in some kinda fairy tale story that I don’t know about? Did you find a shoe at midnight and jump in a pumpkin? Yo, I got so much shit about marrying Fiona and her parents own the biggest shipping company in Hong Kong. (to Colin) Hey, Araminta’s adorable, but you think your dad would be spending millions on this wedding if her parents didn’t own a billion- dollar resort chain? What’s Rachel bringing to the table? Alistair sits with his arms wrapped around two women, one wearing a sash labeled “ISRAEL.”
40) 7) dialog: Oh...
69) 0) text: Eddie, Fiona, and their three boys, again in adorable matching suits, pose for photographers. Eddie nudges his eldest son.
69) 1) dialog: Okay, remember. Optimal angles.
71) 0) text: Eddie trails off as the photographers suddenly head to -- -- a custom GOLD BENTLEY MULSANE. It’s driven by Peik Lin, who wears a fetching driver's uniform. Seeing the car, Oliver steps up as Peik Lin opens the door -- a shapely stilettoed leg steps out. It’s RACHEL in a glittering gown. Her hair is swept up, her jewelry catches the light, she’s a VISION. It’s an EXPLOSION OF FLASHES as photographers, reporters, and looky-loos take pictures, yell to get her attention. Rachel is a little overwhelmed, but Oliver helps navigate her through the crowd.
76) 3) dialog: Hey, Cinderella. What's wrong? You gotta return your dress before midnight?
92) 0) text: Nick leads Rachel into the middle of a crowd of people with his hands covering her eyes. When he removes his hands, she sees a crowd of Nick’s friends screaming and cheering. Araminta and Colin in front leading the pack. It's an ENGAGEMENT PARTY at this mind-blowing location, perched high above the city. Everyone has shown up: Peik Lin, Eddie, Fiona, Alistair, Bernard, Kitty, Oliver, Colin, Araminta, Charlie, and THE GOHs. They all cheer and hug Rachel and Nick. Nick points for Rachel to look at the pool where SYNCHRONIZED SWIMMERS are performing. Rachel spots Eleanor in the distance. There’s a look of understanding, respect between them. Nick kisses Rachel as all the revelers clap and scream their congratulations. We PULL AWAY as fireworks explode in the b.g... FADE TO BLACK. 136.