2) 2) dialog: (in Cantonese; subtitled) If you didn’t make us walk, we wouldn’t be soaked. Felicity grabs the children by the hand and follows Eleanor to the front desk.
2) 4) text: Eleanor goes to the desk and replies in PERFECT ENGLISH - her pronunciation is BRITISH, with a lilt unique to upper crust Chinese from former British colonies. (NOTE: The specific accents of our players are important character details, indications of their background, education, and socioeconomic status.)
2) 5) dialog: I’m Mrs. Eleanor Young. I have a reservation. The Lancaster suite. (sees his name tag) We spoke on the phone when I confirmed yesterday.
2) 8) dialog: I’m Mrs. Eleanor Young. My family and I would like to be shown to our suite. We’ve had a long flight. Ormsby takes in Eleanor et al, makes a snap judgment.
2) 12) dialog: Please, may I use your phone to call my husband? It’s the least you can do. Eleanor levels a glare at Ormsby, who looks at her with a tight smile.
3) 0) text: RAIN POURS on the children and Felicity as they watch Eleanor in a PHONE BOOTH. “THE CALTHORPE” sign casts a glow over them. We don’t know what she’s saying, but we hear Eleanor angrily speaking on the pone.
4) 0) text: Eleanor bursts through the front door with her family right behind her. Eleanor approaches the front desk again. Ormsby is not pleased.
4) 2) dialog: Please, go right ahead. Ormsby is taken aback. He moves to stop her when the elevator DINGS and OPENS and an ELDERLY MAN IN A SILK ROBE AND SLIPPERS comes out -- LORD CALTHORPE, the same man in the opening portrait and owner of the hotel. Ormsby snaps to.
4) 10) dialog: We'd be delighted. (turns to address Ormsby ) Do get a mop. The floor’s wet. Eleanor winks at Nick, who grins and looks back at Ormsby.
7) 53) dialog: ‘If then you have been raised with Christ, seek the things that are above, where Christ is seated at the right hand of God.’ It's been twenty years since we’ve seen Eleanor, but she looks amazing. She sits with FOUR FABULOUSLY DRESSED, BEJEWELED WOMEN: JACQUELINE LING (50s), ALIX YOUNG (50s), NADINE (30s), AND LORENA (40s). Uniformed MAIDS serve tea and “kuih,” local cakes.
7) 54) dialog: ‘Set your minds on things that are above, not on things that are on Earth.’ Eleanor’s interrupted by BUZZING. She looks disapproving as Alix and Jacqueline check their messages. These matriarchs speak with UPPER-CRUST CHINESE SINGAPOREAN ACCENTS (perfect grammar with local flourishes). Jacqueline reacts, surprised.
7) 60) dialog: Nick dates many girls. It’s hard to keep track.
7) 64) dialog: (interrupting) I think we should return to the word of God. Alix? The women reluctantly return to their Bibles.
8) 9) dialog: Does something have to wrong for me to call?
8) 11) dialog: Ha, ha, ha. Very funny. INT. PHILLIP AND ELEANOR’S HOUSE (SINGAPORE) - DAY Eleanor is on her phone standing away from her Bible group. Keeps her voice low, casual. INTERCUT AS NECESSARY with Nick and Eleanor talking on the phone.
8) 12) dialog: Are you bringing the girl you’re seeing to Colin's wedding?
8) 14) dialog: Everybody knows. Nick sees Celine (the only other Asian in the restaurant) leaving through a revolving door.
8) 18) dialog: (to ladies) Move on to Corinthians, I’1l catch up.
8) 20) dialog: (back to phone; low) We're looking forward to having you home. And your room is all ready... for you. Nick hears this, gets the implication.
8) 22) dialog: I see. Well, I’m having the house redone. And it’s not ready for guests. If Rachel comes, I think she might be more comfortable staying somewhere else? Nick returns to the counter, to see the second sticky toffee pudding is gone, except for a TINY PIECE.
33) 0) text: The DISTANT JAZZ RIFF CONTINUES as we ENTER a bustling scene with MAIDS plating food, choppers chopping veggies madly, COOKS working over WOKS that BURST INTO FLAME, CHILDREN s neaking snacks. Amidst it all is Eleanor in Carolina Herrera, presiding over everything. She inspects various dishes, dispatching orders with calm authority: (CONTINUED)
33) 3) dialog: (in Cantonese; subtitled) Qie de you xi di, mi bao de han hou, di zhu wu hao tai. Fang lajiao... Shi fenzhong hao la. [Cut it thinner. Don’t wrap it too thick. Watch it, don’t make it too soft. Add chili... Ten minutes only. ] She's clearly used to running a great house and being obeyed. She pauses when she sees Nick enter. She’s delighted, but keeps her composure. Nick gives his mother a peck on the cheek.
33) 5) dialog: You need a haircut. So unkempt. (concerned) And you look tired from your trip. I’m gonna ask the cook to make you some herbal soup. (in Cantonese to cook) Dun di jitang bi shaoye. (to Nick) I’ll send it to the hotel later. Eleanor sees Rachel.
33) 8) dialog: I’m very glad to finally meet you, too. And I’m sorry Nick’s father couldn’t be here. He was called to business in Shanghai. (CONTINUED)
33) 12) dialog: As it should be. (to Rachel) Nick tells me you’re a professor, too. What do you teach?
33) 15) dialog: (to cooks; in Cantonese; subtitled) Wu hao luo ge ge, lingwai. [Don’t take that one. Another one. ] (back to Nick and Rachel) So, economics. Sounds challenging. (subtly fishing) Are your parents academics, as well?
33) 17) dialog: (in Cantonese; to cook; subtitled) Fang di yan qian xi ge du. [Put some cilantro there. ]
33) 22) dialog: Self-made woman. She must be so proud of you. Eleanor continues fiddling and fussing with the table, inspecting the food, coldly turning her back on the couple.
33) 24) dialog: Pursuing one’s passions. How American. Well, your mother is very open-minded, not like here, where parents are obsessed with shaping the life of their children. It sounds like a compliment, but Rachel isn’t entirely sure. Eleanor turns away again to talk to a passing COOK before returning to Rachel: Eleanor shoots Nick a look. He shifts, uncomfortable, and is relieved to hear a MUSICAL GONG from upstairs.
33) 26) dialog: Hmm. Go ahead. I’11 be out ina minute. Rachel, it was lovely meeting you.
35) 59) dialog: Ah Ma insists all your clothes be washed and pressed every two weeks. Nick sees his mother standing in the doorway. She walks over, takes the shirt from his hands and selects another shirt for him. (Throughout the scene she also quietly caters to Nick -- dusting his jacket, etc.)
35) 60) dialog: This one. As Nick takes off his soiled shirt he looks around at his childhood room filled with pictures and mementoes.
35) 62) dialog: (glances over at him) Looking for your cigars? I had them thrown out years ago.
35) 64) dialog: I keep telling Ah Ma to put your things away, but she says this room makes her feel like you’re still here. (then) Well, I got an earful when you didn’t move back last year. Nick reacts, it’s a loaded subject. Eleanor helps Nick put on the clean shirt. (CONTINUED)
35) 67) dialog: Your father and I are really looking forward to having you home. He’s not getting any younger. With you onboard, maybe he'll take a day off once ina while.
35) 69) dialog: Well, I’m happy I finally met Rachel. She is very impressive.
35) 71) dialog: (noncommittal smile) Chinese-American. (fishes) You know, bringing her home, introducing her at a large family gathering... Some people may say --
35) 73) dialog: Is that an American accent I’m hearing?
35) 77) dialog: Perfect.
36) 32) dialog: When children are away from home too long, they forget who they are. FADE OUT.
58) 8) dialog: Better too many than have people say we're stingy. Meanwhile, Nick teaches Rachel how to fold a dumpling -- putting the mincemeat ball in the dough wrapper and sealing it closed.
58) 22) dialog: Ah Ma says if we don’t pass traditions down like this, they’1l disappear. (CONTINUED)
58) 39) dialog: (surprised; then) Nick’s father had it made when he proposed to me.
58) 43) dialog: I wasn’t. I withdrew from university when we got married.
58) 47) dialog: I chose to help my husband run a business and to raise a family. For me, it was a privilege. But for you, you may think it's old- fashioned. It's nice you appreciate this house and us being here together wrapping dumplings. But all this doesn't just happen. It's because we know to put family first, instead of chasing one's passion. An awkward SILENCE falls over the table. Rachel feels chided, isn’t sure how to react when:
58) 62) dialog: Hmm.
59) 0) text: Rachel exits the dining room, looking for anywhere to go. She walks up the long staircase, takes a few steps one way, realizes she’s going the wrong direction, then turns around to find Eleanor standing in front of her.
59) 3) dialog: I’m glad I found you. I’m afraid that I’ve been unfair.
59) 5) dialog: Not at all. (then) You asked about my ring. The truth is Nick’s father had it made when he wanted to propose to me, because Ah Ma wouldn’t give him the family ring. I wasn’t her first choice. Honestly, I wasn’t her second.
59) 7) dialog: I didn’t come from the right family, have the right connections. And Ah Ma thought I would not make an adequate wife to her son. surprised how Eleanor is seemingly opening up.
59) 9) dialog: It took many years, and she had good reason to be concerned. (off Rachel) Because I had no idea the work and the sacrifice it would take. There were many days when I wondered if I would ever measure up -- Eleanor pauses, looks at Rachel.
59) 10) dialog: But having been through it all, I know this much... (gets close; gently) You will never be enough. (CONTINUED)
59) 13) dialog: We should head back. I wouldn’t want Nick to worry.
73) 0) text: The interior of the church has been transformed into an ARTFUL ABSTRACT FOREST. Eleanor, Jacqueline, Alix, and Felicity hold court with other SOCIETY WIVES by the front pews. Eleanor looks at the trees, disapproving.
73) 1) dialog: Is this a church or a paddy field?
73) 14) dialog: Rachel, how lovely to see you.
73) 16) dialog: I'm sorry our row is full. Rachel smiles, placid.
73) 23) dialog: watching, incredulous.
73) 30) text: AN EXCITED BUZZ ripples through the crowd. Heads turn to see Astrid, statuesque, gorgeous, enter with AH MA, ina beautiful stately gown, her two Thai servants following behind. Eleanor and the Aunties react, surprised.
73) 38) dialog: (whispering) It’s lovely to see you here.
74) 17) dialog: Oliver.
74) 19) dialog: Be a dear and take care of that.
75) 0) text: The Thai Servant takes Rachel and Nick to a private area where Ah Ma and Eleanor are seated at a table.
75) 5) dialog: I’m sorry to tell you, but Rachel has been lying to us about her family and her mother... (CONTINUED)
75) 9) dialog: I hired a private investigator to look into her past --
75) 11) dialog: She said her father passed away in China, but that’s not true. (to Rachel) Your mother’s husband is very much alive. During her marriage she cheated on him and became pregnant with another man’s child, and before he found out she ran away to America. Rachel is gutted, doesn’t know what to think. Eleanor opens a DOSSIER on the table. Chinese news articles and police missing person reports featuring Kerry's picture.
75) 12) dialog: It’s all in here.
75) 14) dialog: We had every right.
75) 17) dialog: Do you have any idea the scandal this would have caused? For Rachel to hide something like this --
75) 21) dialog: We cannot be linked to this sort of family. Rachel looks at Eleanor, backs away, reeling.
75) 26) dialog: Ah Ma! Nick!
80) 0) text: Eleanor, wearing sunglasses, walks by the row of old terraced shophouses, pausing when she hears a familiar CLACKING sound. She walks through an unmarked door, into:
81) 0) text: Eleanor enters to see Rachel playing mahjong with two WOMEN at a back table. It's a FLUID, RHYTHMIC RITUAL -- the staccato clacking of tiles, stacks being formed and moved like clockwork. Eleanor is surprised to see how adept and effortless Rachel is. Eleanor walks up to the table. (CONTINUED)
81) 6) dialog: You asked me here. I assume it’s not for a mahjong lesson. Pung. She puts down a power card combo. The women toss red chips to her.
81) 7) dialog: My mother taught me, too. Rachel tosses her a red chip.
81) 9) dialog: There's a Hokkien phrase. Ka gi lan. It means ‘our own kind of people.’ And you’re not our own kind.
81) 13) dialog: You're a foreigner. American. And all Americans think about is their own happiness.
81) 15) dialog: It’s an illusion. We understand how to build things that last. Something you know nothing about.
81) 17) dialog: I know you’re not what Nick needs.
81) 20) dialog: Only a fool folds a winning hand.
81) 22) dialog: (realizing) So you chose for him.
84) 4) dialog: OFF Nick, disappointed, conflicted at seeing his mother.
86) 0) text: Nick and his mother stand on the balcony of Nick’s room, silent, staring at nothing. Eleanor finally looks at her son.
92) 0) text: Nick leads Rachel into the middle of a crowd of people with his hands covering her eyes. When he removes his hands, she sees a crowd of Nick’s friends screaming and cheering. Araminta and Colin in front leading the pack. It's an ENGAGEMENT PARTY at this mind-blowing location, perched high above the city. Everyone has shown up: Peik Lin, Eddie, Fiona, Alistair, Bernard, Kitty, Oliver, Colin, Araminta, Charlie, and THE GOHs. They all cheer and hug Rachel and Nick. Nick points for Rachel to look at the pool where SYNCHRONIZED SWIMMERS are performing. Rachel spots Eleanor in the distance. There’s a look of understanding, respect between them. Nick kisses Rachel as all the revelers clap and scream their congratulations. We PULL AWAY as fireworks explode in the b.g... FADE TO BLACK. 136.