9) 0) text: Rachel looks at her reflection in a mirror as she holds a blue and white dress to her body. Her mother, KERRY (50s, real estate agent, Chico chic), shakes her head. Kerry has a slight Chinese immigrant accent.
9) 2) dialog: No! No! No! No! You can’t wear that to meet Nick’s Ah Ma. Blue and white is for Chinese funerals. Now this, this symbolizes good fortune and fertility. Kerry holds up a conservative RED dress.
9) 4) dialog: Hey! You are the one who asked for my help picking out a dress to meet Nick’s family.
9) 6) dialog: Maybe he’s embarrassed. Maybe his parents are poor, and he has to send them money. That’s what all good Chinese children do. Rachel chuckles and they keep searching for the right dress.
9) 7) dialog: Oh, you are going to have a wonderful time. You've always wanted to go to Asia and who knows, if all goes well in Singapore, you might just come back with a souvenir.
10) 2) dialog: Nothing. It’s just, Nick bringing a girl all the way there to meet them can mean a lot to these overseas families. Eh, they’re different from us.
10) 4) dialog: Yeah, but you grew up here. (in Mandarin; subtitled) Ni kan qilai shi huaren, ni jiang de shi zhongwen. kKeshi zheli he zheli... [Your face is Chinese. You speak Chinese. But here... (points to Rachel’s head and mouth) -.. and here... (in English) You're different. But wearing a lucky color will make a good first impression.
78) 9) dialog: Drink more. The dong-quai and the ginseng will give you more energy.
78) 11) dialog: Your spirit has always been so strong, ever since young. You will get through this. Rachel nods, needing to hear that. But:
78) 13) dialog: My husband wasn’t a good man. He hurt me. (off Rachel) But an old schoolmate of mine helped me through things and we fell in love and I got pregnant with his baby, that’s you. I was so afraid my husband would find out and kill us both, so I just took you and I ran to America. Rachel is stunned.
78) 17) dialog: Every day. When we first came to America all I could think about was reaching out for him, but I was so afraid my husband would find us. And now, I, I just don't want to cause any trouble.
78) 19) dialog: Oh! Don’t be sorry. You listen to me, everything that happened in my past life is the reason why I got you. Rachel tears up, vulnerable.
78) 20) dialog: My brave and clever girl. Rachel flops back on the bed. Her mother lies down next to her.
78) 23) dialog: You know, Nick was the one who called me and brought me out here. Before we go, I think you should go and talk to him. Rachel sighs. Then they hear a clicking sound and turn to see P.T. at the doorway holding his phone and taking photos of them. P.T. I'll e-mail the photo later.
85) 0) text: Kerry hurries up, dressed for travel, carrying two TUPPERWARE MEALS.
85) 2) dialog: Goodbye and thank you. As Kerry gets into the taxi:
90) 0) text: Rachel and Kerry make their way down the crowded aisle. They're jostled by other passengers and their carry-on bags. A far cry from first class.
91) 2) dialog: I’m gonna go and look for some extra blankets.