3) 17) text: Poor Ed, my ass. The guy was dangerous. LAURA
4) 10) text: Listen to me. It was going to be a disaster. That guy's the worst actor I've ever seen. The blood coming out of his ear was the most honest thing he's done so far. JAKE
5) 41) text: Hang on. Who's this Barthes guy? Which Birdman was he in? GABRIEL
5) 57) text: Publicity guys are trying to get you a Times feature. Riggan stands up and pulls the Birdman poster off of the wall. JAKE (CONT'D)
5) 60) text: That was a present from the crew. Don't fuck with those guys, they're union. RIGGAN
10) 23) text: I'm going to Starbucks. You guys want anything? RIGGAN
12) 25) text: Of course I'm drunk! I'm supposed to be drunk! This is Carver, man! The guy lost a piece of liver every time he wrote a page! If I'm supposed to drink gin then bring me fuckin gin! I mean, you fucked the time period! You took all the good lines for yourself! At least let me-- The audience is now hysterical. Dozens of cell phones pointing at the stage. Mike walks toward the apron, facin the audience. MIKE (CONT'D)
15) 29) text: A lot. Exactly. Fuck you. Yes. This doesn't work out for you, you get to go home to your studio pals and jump right back into that cultural genocide you guys are perpetrating. "There's a douchbag born every minute". That was P.T. Barnum's premise when he got rich inventing the circus. And you and your pals know nothing's changed, and whatever toxic shit you make people are still gonna pay to see it. But, after you're gone, I'll still be here. I'll still be making my living on the stage. Baring my soul. Wrestling with emotions, complex emotions. RIGGAN
16) 13) text: She does look like she licked a homeless guy's ass.
16) 23) text: Who is this guy? LADY
28) 42) text: (Looking at the street.) There's a bald guy about to walk by down there. Spit on his head.
45) 31) dialog: Dude, what are you doing? Riggan looks down at the people on the street far below.
45) 37) text: Oh, you people are full of shit. She goes into her apartment. GUY
45) 38) text: I'm calling 911. The guy goes inside his apartment. RIGGAN
52) 19) text: He's got a new nose! And if he doesn't like that one, we'll get him another one. We can use Meg Ryan's guy. Who gives a shit? Turn on the tv. There are people praying for him all over the country. They're lighting candles in Central Park. He did it. (To Riggan) You did it! The play's gonna run forever. It's gonna open in London, in Paris... The studios will call us again. We'll get book offers. SYLVIA