3) 0) text: ...the stage. Suddenly we are in the midst of an American kitchen. Around the kitchen table sit Lesley (35), plain and no no her simple hairstyle and makeup can't hide how attractive is. Laura (35), dark, exotic, the kind of woman who makes person she meets feel like she's seducing them. And Ralph slightly handsome, slightly balding, slightly invisible. A half empty bottle of gin on the table, they drink from highball glasses as they chat...
3) 2) dialog: Yeah. He loved her so much he tried to kill her.
3) 8) text: you, bitch." What do you do with a love like that? RALPH
3) 10) text: You can say what you want, but I know what it was. RALPH
3) 12) text: Sorry I'm late. (Beat. In character.) I'm the wrong person to ask. I didn't know the man. I've only heard his name mentioned in passing. You'd have to know the particulars. But I think what you're saying is that love is absolute. RALPH
3) 14) text: (Sadly.) It was love, Mel. To Eddie, it was. I don't care what anybody says. He was ready to die for it. RALPH
3) 16) text: He shot himself in the mouth. But he screwed that up, too. Poor Ed. RALPH
3) 18) text: How'd he screw it up if he shot himself in the mouth? RALPH
3) 22) text: (Breaking character to direct. Exasperated.) Okay. Fugitives are on the run, Ralph. How many times do I have to-- Fugitives are scared. Give me more of that. Ralph nods. He takes a breath and dives in once again... RALPH
3) 23) text: (The same but louder.) We lived like fugitives those days... Extremely frustrated, Riggan stares out into the auditori From his POV we see Jake who is now sitting in the third His head buried in his hands, tortured by Ralph's perform Riggan turns back to Ralph. RALPH (CONT'D)
3) 24) text: ...I never knew if he was going to come out of the bushes or from behind a car and just start shooting. Riggan watches Ralph act and sees his whole production he down the drain. Ralph is just that bad. RALPH (CONT'D)
3) 26) text: Christ. What a nightmare... RALPH
3) 27) text: He used to call me at the hospital and say... (Over the top.) "Son of a bitch. Your days are numbered." Silence. Ralph looks over to Riggan. RALPH (CONT'D)
3) 28) text: Too much? Little bit? I just wanted to give you a range, so you could-- And with that a light comes barreling down from it's perc crashes into Ralph's head, making him hit the floor like doll. Silence.
3) 40) text: Wake up! Wake up! Two crew members try to help Ralph.
4) 7) text: How's Ralph? RIGGAN
5) 2) text: Ralph'll sue us. He'll sue us. And he's got a case.
5) 64) text: (Worried.) Did they ask about Ralph? RIGGAN
39) 0) text: ...to be stopped by the vision of Ralph in a wheelchair. head wrapped in a bandage. A man in a suit next to him.
39) 2) dialog: Waiting for Jake. This is Mr. Roth, my attorney. Riggan continues walking toward the auditorium. Ralph and Roth follow him.
39) 7) dialog: I'm going to ruin you! Riggan storms toward the auditorium, but is stopped by an Usher.