16) 43) dialog: You headed to Hollywood, Mike? Mike stops.
16) 45) dialog: (A devilish smile.)
16) 48) dialog: He's a Hollywood clown in a Lycra bird suit.
16) 50) dialog: Don't you ever worry that I'll give you a bad review?
16) 55) dialog: Mr. Shiner. Mike smiles and waves over to an obviously nervous Riggan goes toward the exit, but we stay with Tabitha, scribblin her notebook. Suddenly she raises her eyes and, with a da expression, looks at Riggan who is passing by. We follow Riggan toward the exit. Through the window we s leave the restaurant. Then we pan to a wooden wall, and t wall takes us to...
44) 4) text: That's going over to Ms. Dickinson. Riggan's head tilts at the mention of the name. He looks see Tabitha sitting at a table, scratching in her noteboo
44) 9) text: (Re: The napkin.) That was twenty years before I put on that damned costume. A pause. Then she pushes the napkin back toward him. TABITHA
44) 11) text: I'm just saying, when you come tomorrow night, I want you-- TABITHA
44) 13) text: What are you-- TABITHA
44) 15) text: You haven't even seen it. I don't-- Did I do something to offend you? TABITHA
44) 17) text: But you don't even know if it's-- TABITHA
44) 21) text: pornography. Measuring your worth in weekends. Well, this is the theater, and you don't get to come in here and pretend you can write, direct and act in your own propaganda piece without going through me first. So, break a leg. Tabitha goes back to her writing. Riggan sits for a momen RIGGAN
44) 23) text: Whatcha writin'? You reviewin' a play? Was it good? Bad? Did you even see it? Lemme read. He snatches the notebook from her. TABITHA
44) 25) text: No you won't. Let's read your review! (He scans the notebook.) "Callow". A label. "Lackluster". Label. "Marginalia". Sounds like you need penicillin to clear that up. None the less... label. (Looks to Tabitha.) All labels. You're a lazy fucker aren't you? (Looks one last time at the notebook.) Epistemological vertigo? Tabitha wants to reach for the notebook, but her pride wo let her. Riggan takes a flower from a vase at the center table. RIGGAN (CONT'D)
44) 26) text: You know what this is? You don't, do you? You can't even see it if you don't label it. You mistake those sounds in your head for true knowledge. TABITHA
44) 31) text: technique. Just crappy opinions backed up by crappy comparisons. You're incapable of writing more than a couple of paragraphs, and you risk nothing of yourself. (He tears out the page and tosses the notebook.) Well, I'm an actor and this play has cost me everything. So you can take your cowardly, malicious, shittily written reviews and shove them up your... (Showing her the wrinkled page.) ...wrinkly, tight ass. Riggan wears a proud smile. And suddenly, Tabitha begins smile with him. TABITHA
44) 33) text: Yeah, Mrs. Dickinson? TABITHA
44) 35) text: No problem. Got anything in mind? Tabitha looks over at Riggan picking the perfect verse. TABITHA
44) 42) dialog: Thank you, Eddie.
44) 44) dialog: (To Riggan. A derisive laugh.)
44) 45) text: You're no actor. You're a celebrity. Let's be clear on that. Tabitha rises from her seat and grabs her things.
44) 46) dialog: I'm going to kill your play. She walks away. Riggan sits numb. After a moment, he reac over and gulps down Tabitha's entire martini, gin pouring the sides of his mouth. Unaware, he slams the empty marti glass on top of the Carver napkin and gets up. We follow out onto...