5) 0) text: Racine's secretary, BEVERLY, is behind the desk in the modest reception room. She's a pretty girl barely past twenty. She pushes some phone message slips toward Racine and nods toward the sofa. A middle-aged woman client, MRS. SINGER, sits there clutching a walking stick. Her face suddenly is contorted in pain. Racine glances meaningfully at Beverly then turns his full solicitous charm on Mrs. Singer.
15) 0) text: Racine is behind the desk. Occupying the two seats in front are a married couple rapidly approaching divorce. They are arguing now, each trying to convince Racine of their view. Racine nods occasionally, looking from one to the other. But he is also looking between them, throug the open door out to the reception room, where his secretary Beverly is kneeling before the lowest drawer of a filing cabinet. Her back is turned and her jeans are tight across the bottom. There's nothing especially provocative about her pose. She's just there. Working away. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org                 13 Racine walks across his office and closes the door.   He goes back to his seat. The couple continues.
54) 0) text: Racine lies on the couch. He spins the fedora Matty gave him on his finger, Beverly comes up and leans against the doorjamb. She's wearing a tee-shirt and tight slacks; she looks good. She watches him for a moment.
54) 1) dialog: Big weekend planned?
54) 3) dialog: There's jazz tonight at the beach... if you're not doing anything...
54) 5) dialog: Forget what?
66) 0) text: Lunchtime. Racine is headed toward his office, briefcase in hand. Beverly appears out of the noon crush; she's going the other way in a hurry.
66) 1) dialog: There are some messages on your desk. Be back in an hour. Got to run. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org               49.
138) 0) text: The fedora hangs on the coatstand. Racine works at his desk, reading over a long contract. The sun is cutting through the Venetian blinds behind him in glaring strips and, as he leans back in his chair, he finds it impossibl to read his document. He gets up, goes to the window and adjusts the blinds so that his desk goes dark in the shad As it does, the PHONE RINGS. Beverly answers out in the reception room, her conversation muffled through the slightly cracked door. She hits a hold button and yells, as is her informal custom.
138) 1) dialog: Ned.   Miles Hardin. Do you want him?
138) 3) dialog: She says he's a lawyer from Miami. Racine picks up his phone.
139) 2) text: Will you get me Mrs. Edmund Walker, please. Beverly wrinkles her brow, spins her Rolodex.
139) 3) dialog: I don't have her. Should I?
140) 1) dialog: (filtered)
172) 0) text: Racine comes in carrying his briefcase. Beverly looks him over critically; he doesn't look so good.
172) 1) dialog: Is there something wrong with your phone?
172) 3) dialog: Teddy Laursen is in County. He's very anxious to talk to you. He sounded bad. Racine nods, turns back to the door.
172) 4) dialog: Hey, are you all right? Racine stops for a moment and looks at her. He smiles and goes out.
174) 0) text: Racine listens to the endless ringing on the other end of his call and slowly hangs up. The phone rings in the reception room and Beverly picks it up, then hits the hold button.
174) 1) dialog: (yells) Ned. It's Mrs. Walker. Do you want her?