88) 2) dialog: Hi, Aunt Matty! Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org               59. Matty's smile fades for an instant, but she manages to put it back.
89) 0) text: Matty, Edmund and Heather have a late dinner.    Edmund a Heather joke together, Matty joins in.
93) 0) text: Through an open door, Edmund can be seen kissing Heather goodnight in the guest room. He gets up, comes to the door and switches off her light. He starts to close her door, but she speaks to him. He nods and leaves the door half open.
100) 6) text: Put on a robe or something. What if Heather wakes up and comes down. Edmund frowns, goes back up the stairs.
101) 0) text: Matty watches Heather give Edmund a big   goodbye kiss an run off to talk to Betty, the Walker's   Housekeeper, who is sweeping the front terrace. Edmund    gets in the Cadillac. Matty leans down and kisses    him goodbye.
101) 5) text: Listen, I don't know if I'll be able to come up next weekend. I'll know more later. I'll call you. He gives her a once-over, proprietary look and drives away, honking once to Heather, who waves.
102) 7) dialog: (sleepy) Aunt Matty? The door from the house squeaks open and Heather puts one foot onto the porch; she looks only half-awake as she peers into the gloom. Racine has turned at the SOUND and for one moment he is sideways to her, his head turned in her direction. Heather's eyes suddenly discern the scene. Racine turns away at the same instant that Heather stumbles backwards through the door and out of sight. Heather's FOOTSTEPS patter swiftly away. Matty and Racine look at each other.
104) 0) text: Morning. Matty sits with coffee and toast at the table. The Walker's Housekeeper moves about in the kitchen. Heather comes in and takes her place opposite Matty. She seems perfectly normal. But she doesn't look Matty in the eye.
104) 1) dialog: Good morning, Aunt Matty. (to the Housekeeper) Hi, Betty. Matty watches over her coffee as Heather butters a muffin
104) 2) dialog: Is there any more of that strawberry stuff?
105) 0) text: ROZ KRAFT, Edmund Walker's sister, closes the passenger door of her station wagon behind Heather. Matty stands nearby.
105) 2) dialog: I did. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org               65.
105) 4) dialog: Thank you, Aunt Matty. Roz walks around the car and gets in.
141) 17) text: At the risk of oversimplifying, the thrust of the will is to divide the estate in almost equal parts between Heather Kraft and Mrs. Walker. Would you agree with that assessment, Mr. Racine? Racine nods.
148) 0) text: Lowenstein makes Heather and Roz comfortable in the waiti room, then goes through the gate partition, nods at the Cop Clerk on duty, and goes into Oscar Grace's office, re closing the door behind him.
150) 0) text: Racine walks out of Grace's office. Lowenstein watches him go. Heather is absorbed in a magazine and Roz is distracted with her cigarette. Racine could keep on walking, but instead he walks over to Roz. She jumps when he speaks to her.
150) 7) dialog: Thank you.
150) 9) dialog: It sure is. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org               97.