8) 0) text: The Woman, MATTY, has walked to the rail. She stands there now lighting a cigarette. She presents her face to the ocean, hoping for a breeze.    We move in on her, with Racine. Racine lights a new cigarette and smiles at her. She looks at him and, for an instant, her eyes race over his body, then she looks back at the ocean. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org              8.
8) 2) dialog: I'm a married woman.
8) 4) dialog: Meaning I'm not looking for company. She turns back toward the ocean.
8) 6) dialog: That's my business.
8) 8) dialog: How happy I am.
8) 10) dialog: You're not too smart, are you? Racine shakes his head "no."
8) 11) dialog: I like that in a man.
8) 13) dialog: You don't look lazy. Racine smiles. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org              9.
8) 14) dialog: Tell me, does chat like that work with most women?
8) 16) dialog: I wondered. Thought maybe I was out of touch. She stops again at the rail as a small breeze blows in from the ocean. She turns her back to it and, with her cigarette dangling from her lips, she uses both hands to lift her hair up off her nape. She closes her eyes as the air hits her. Racine watches very closely.
8) 18) dialog: I told you. I've got a husband.
8) 20) dialog: He's out of town.
8) 22) dialog: He only comes up on the weekends. Matty lets her hair fall and again begins moving down walkway. She drops her cigarette and steps on it.
8) 24) dialog: You want to buy me something?   I'll take one of these. They have come upon a Vendor selling snow cones.
8) 26) dialog: Cherry. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org             10.
8) 30) dialog: Is this town that small? Racine hands her a snow cone. They walk over to the rail. Racine watches her eat the snow cone with enormous interest.
8) 33) dialog: How'd you know?
8) 35) dialog: How does Pinehaven look?
8) 37) dialog: Yes, I'm well tended, all right. Well tended. What about you?
8) 39) dialog: Get married.
8) 41) dialog: Good.    Nice move, Matty.
8) 43) dialog: At least it's cool. I'm burning up.
8) 45) dialog: Would you get me a paper towel or something? Dip it in some cold water. Racine starts toward the restroom nearby.
8) 47) dialog: You don't want to lick it? This causes a momentary hitch in Racine's retreat, but then he hurries off.
10) 0) text: Racine comes out of the structure. And stops. Matty is gone. Racine  looks around without much hope. Finally, he puts a wet paper towel to the back of his neck. We begin to HEAR a strange, measured thumping, and then --
13) 0) text: Further on, Racine runs by the Band Shell where he'd seen Matty.
19) 0) text: Dark. Almost classy. The place is half full. Matty is drinking at the end of the bar, her cigarettes next to her glass. The bar chairs near her are empty. Racine comes in, looks around, walks over and sits in the seat next to her. She looks up, surprised.
19) 1) dialog: Look who's here. Isn't this a coincidence? Racine looks at her, almost as though he can't place her. But he doesn't push that effect hard. He lights a cigarette.
19) 3) dialog: You're the one that doesn't want to talk about the heat. Too bad. I'd tell you about my chimes.
19) 5) dialog: The wind chimes on my porch. They keep ringing and I go out there expecting a cool breeze. That's what they've always meant. But not this summer, This summer it's just hot air.
19) 8) dialog: What are you doing in Pinehaven?
19) 10) dialog: There are some men, once they get a whiff of it, they'll trail you like a hound. The Bartender brings their drinks and leaves.
19) 12) dialog: What is your name, anyway?
19) 14) dialog: Matty Walker. She takes his hand and shakes it. Racine reacts strangely to her touch and doesn't let go right away. She gently frees it, then refers to his look as she picks up her drink --
19) 16) dialog: (laughs) Yes. My temperature runs a couple degrees high. Around 100 all the time I don't mind it. It's the engine or something.
19) 18) dialog: Don't tell me -- you have just the right tool.
19) 20) dialog: How'd you find me, Ned? Racine gives her a look.
19) 22) dialog: How'd you know I drink?
19) 24) dialog: (smiles) You shouldn't have come. You're going to be disappointed. Racine looks out over his drink.    Several of the Men in the place are looking at them.
19) 27) dialog: (indicating Racine's chair)
19) 31) dialog: Most men are little boys. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org             16.
19) 33) dialog: Too quiet.
19) 35) dialog: This is a blouse and a skirt. I don't know what you're talking about.
19) 37) dialog: I don't like my body much.   It's never been right. Racine has been looking at her body too. With her line, he just laughs. Matty watches him, then leans over her drink. Her tone is different.
19) 38) dialog: Sometimes, I don't know. I get so sick of everything, I'm not sure I care anymore. Do you know what I mean, Ned?
19) 40) dialog: Yeah, that's what I mean. Ratty drains her glass and stubs out her cigarette.
19) 41) dialog: I think I'll get out of here now. I'm going home.
19) 43) dialog: I have a car. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org
19) 45) dialog: You want to see the chimes.
19) 47) dialog: That's all.   If I let you, that's all.
19) 50) dialog: (very serious) I mean it. I like you.    But my life is complicated enough. Racine again accepts.
19) 51) dialog: This is my community bar. I might have to come here with my husband some time. Would you leave before me?  Wait in your car? I know it seems silly...
19) 53) dialog: (steadily) Now leave me alone. She stands up, takes her purse and her cigarettes, and walks to the other end of the bar, where she sits down. Racine watches her with amazed eyes. He stands up and throws some money on the bar.
20) 0) text: CLOSE on his face as he drives. His look is intense, expectant. He's feeling lucky as he watches up ahead. RACINE'S POV out the windshield. Matty's shiny Mercedes 450 SEL is gliding down the road ahead of him. She puts on the blinker, slows and turns into a gated drive. The drive is canopied by heavy trees, the vegetation crowding the road with a primeval lushness. The headlights create sinuous welcoming shadows. It is as though Racine were entering some separate, parallel, jungle world. Eventuall the house comes into view.
21) 0) text: Racine follows closely behind Matty as they go up the stairs. At the door, Matty turns suddenly and looks at Racine.
21) 1) dialog: Remember your promise. Racine agrees. Matty looks him over a moment, then turns to unlock the door.
22) 0) text: Matty comes in and puts her purse on a hall table as Raci moves forward to look around. Despite the night gloom, it's clear the place is expensively decorated in a manner entirely consistent with the exterior of the house. Fine antiques, carefully chosen fabrics, and a meticulous selection of accessories have given the place the look of an affluent home of Thirties America. And yet the overall effect is almost contemporary, so burnished are the woods so fresh all the elements. It works.
22) 3) dialog: She goes home nights.
22) 5) dialog: No.
23) 0) text: The TINKLING is distinct out here. Matty and Racine come out onto the porch. There are about thirty wind chimes of various, lovely designs -- crystal, metal, wood hangin at intervals from the rim of the wide porch awning, completely encircling Matty and Racine. Halfway down the long lawn is a white gazebo. Beyond it, the waterway is shimmering in the moonlight. At the edge of the water is a small boat house. Racine walks along under the chimes, looking up at them. A smile plays across her face. He looks back at Matty,
23) 3) dialog: A gazebo
23) 5) dialog: Boat house.
23) 7) dialog: Boat. Racine moves back and stands very close to her. He looks at her in the moonlight, but she concentrates on the distant water. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org                 20
23) 8) dialog: It's a mess. There's a row boat, a lot of lounge chairs... things like that. Racine puts his hand up under her hair, on her nape. She closes her eyes at his touch, then moves away, as though by an act, of will, to the door, half opening it.
23) 9) dialog: I think you should go now.
23) 11) dialog: You've seen them. Please go. Racine steps toward her, but she ducks inside and moves through the intermittent light of the hall and down the steps. Racine follows her.
24) 0) text: Matty stops at the entry hall, leaning against the wall.
24) 2) dialog: Yes, I did. I said what I meant. Do you ever do that?
24) 5) dialog: Yes... Please. He kisses her lightly on the nose.
24) 7) dialog: There is for me. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org                21. Matty slips under his arms and quickly steps out the fron door. She stands just outside watching him. Racine shakes his head, goes out there.
25) 0) text: Racine stops next to Matty.    She doesn't move away.
25) 1) dialog: Thank you. I'm sorry, I shouldn't have lot you come. Racine looks at her a long time.
25) 3) dialog: No...    I'm weak. She kisses him on the lips and steps quickly inside the front door. She closes it, looks through the window at him, then moves away.
27) 0) text: RACINE'S POV. Matty is standing at the bottom of the stairs in the hall. She is looking directly at the front door. Frozen in the spot. Racine tries the door. It's locked. He shakes it hard, but it's solid. He looks to his left. There are windows down the wall there. He moves to them. They go into the living room but their shutters are closed. He looks through a broken slat at Matty, who watches him from the same spot, through the living room door. Racine tries them. They won't budge. Racine moves to his right past the front door, to the windows off the dining room. He pushes at them as his eyes lock with Matty, who watches from the hall. The windows won't move, Racine spins and picks up the nearest object, a wooden rocking chair. He lifts it, turns and smashes the big window. Glass showers into the dining room. Matty watches.    She hasn't moved. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org                22. Racine pushes the broken window out of his way.    He com in, like a violent gust of wind.
28) 0) text: Racine crosses the dark living room  fast. As he reaches Matty, she lifts her arms to match  his embrace. They come together hard and tight. They   kiss. And kiss again Her hands travel over his body, as  though she's wanted them there for a long time. They turn once slowly along the wall, into the dimness of the central hall. Then he rotates her body away from him, holding her close.
28) 1) dialog: Yes, yes... Then she is just nodding. Racine puts his face deep into her hair, closing his eyes as the smell of her washes over him. Matty turns in his arms and kisses him hard.    Racine pu her close to him and they sink to the floor.
28) 3) dialog: Please, please ... She pulls him tightly to her, clinging like a drowning woman.
29) 0) text: Racine and Matty lie under a sheet on her big bed.    Her eyes are closed. There are more wind chimes on the    sec floor of the verandah, which is off this room, and   Raci is listening to their TINKLING. Racine looks over    in that direction. RACINE'S POV. The moonlit, sheer white curtains on the window roil to a light breeze. Racine's gaze travels over the luxurious bedroom; here too, it is in the Thirti style. Their clothes are haphazardly thrown across a divan and on the floor nearby. A delicate fern sways in the wind. Finally, he is looking at a lovely writing desk against the far wall. Some tissue-thin stationery flaps in the breeze, kept in place by the weight of a pen. Then, as he looks, the paper stops flapping and the chimes gradually STOP TINKLING. Racine looks toward the window. It is still open, but the air had died. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org               23. The curtains hang still. Racine's face.   The world has stopped.
29) 1) dialog: (softly) I didn't want this to happen. But I didn't try hard enough to stop it... Because I wanted you. I wanted you here, like this ... This is bad for me. I know it. Now nothing's going to be the same anymore. FROM ABOVE THEM, we see them framed by the bed.
32) 0) text: We're looking out a dusty window at the waterway. We HEAR Racine and Matty disentangle and roll apart o.s., Racine grunting his exhaustion. After a moment, Racine rises up into frame, looking happy. He looks down to where he was and rests against the wall.
32) 2) dialog: You were on top.
32) 4) dialog: Yes sir. Racine turns and stares out at the ocean. Matty rises up behind and hugs him from the back. She kisses his shoulde blades and presses her cheek against his spine. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org                24.
32) 6) dialog: (ignoring him, laughs)
32) 9) dialog: Are you sure?    I just want to make sure here. She pulls him down. On the lounge cushions that are spread across the floor, Matty rolls on top of Racine. Racine reacts with exaggerated pain to the roughness of the cushions.
32) 11) dialog: No, you misunderstood -- (she rolls over him)
34) 0) text: Racine is at the sink, having just washed his tired face. He opens the medicine cabinet and looks at all the Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org               25. toiletries of Matty's husband. He selects a cologne, is impressed by its expensive look, and slaps a little on his jaw.  He doesn't like the smell. He closes the cabine and moves back into the bedroom.
35) 0) text: Matty, wrapped in a thin white terrycloth robe, is stripping the bed of its sheets. Racine watches from across the room.
35) 2) dialog: I've got to wash these.
35) 4) dialog: That's right. My mother told me "knowledge is power."
35) 6) dialog: No one must know. Promise me, Ned. No one. He promise with a gesture.
37) 0) text: Racine has just parked his car and is walking back across the lawn. Matty is standing in the gazebo, her back turned, looking out at the Waterway. She is dressed in white and from here she looks very much as she did when they first met. There are wind chimes hanging from the gazebo.
41) 1) dialog: Ned, this is Mary Ann. Matty hands the envelope to Mary Ann, who puts it in her purse.
41) 6) dialog: (to Mary Ann) Do you want to stay for dinner?
41) 10) dialog: Mary Ann's an old friend. She's like a sister to me. She wants me to be happy.
42) 0) text: Matty's Mercedes has been pulled out onto lawn next to the lagoons which border the grass.  Racine and Matty can be seen, intermittently rising into view in the back seat grappling, then disappearing again.  Matty is giggling.
42) 3) dialog: What sin?
42) 5) dialog: Not even a Mercedes? (Racine shakes his head)
42) 8) dialog: Not this? Matty rises up, wraps her arms around his neck and kisses him deeply. She pulls him out of sight.
43) 0) text: An ashtray, full to overflowing, on the rug next to Matty bed. And, above it, Matty's hand, clutching the sheets on the side of the bed.
44) 0) text: Racine and Matty lie together in the full bathtub. On the floor beside the tub is the container that catches the ice from a refrigerator's automatic icemaker.
44) 2) dialog: Is there any more ice?   I'm burning up. Racine gropes for the ice container and dumps the remaini ice cubs Into the tub with them. Matty snatches one out of the water and holds it to her forehead.
44) 3) dialog: He's coming up tomorrow. Racine knows.
44) 4) dialog: I can't stand the thought of him... He's small and mean... and weak. Racine watches some water run through his fingers. He cradles her head in an embrace that has nothing to do with sex. She looks sad. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org              30.
47) 0) text: Racine has just entered.   Matty is calling from somewher out of sight.
47) 1) dialog: Just do what I say! Go into the living room.
47) 3) dialog: I'm going to make it up to you tonight. But you must behave.      Now go!
48) 2) dialog: Good. Matty comes in carrying a tray with two drinks on it. And she is dressed in the uniform of an airline stewardes complete all the way to her little cap. She cannot keep a straight face, despite her efforts. Racine begins to laugh. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org                31.
48) 3) dialog: (choking back her giggles)
48) 6) dialog: Don't you like it?
48) 8) dialog: You don't like it? I thought you went for this stuff. He pushes her back across the sofa.
48) 9) dialog: Wait ...   wait ... I want to tell you about the   thing... the thing that will drop   from the ceiling... in case the   cabin suddenly depressurizes -- oho...
49) 0) text: A dozen Golfers are practicing, spotted along the  row of hitting pads under floodlights. Most are drenched   with sweat from their exertion in the muggy air. Their   rando timed swings send streaking white bullets into the darkness. But what is hypnotic, what so captures   a hot night in sound, is the irregular CRACKING of clubs  meeti balls: CRACK, CRACK-CRACK-CRACK, CRACK-CRACK! In the darkness of the overlooking parking lot, behind a high fence, sits the Stingray, with Racine in the driver' seat and Matty close beside him. They sit in silence.
49) 1) dialog: (finally) What are we doing here?
49) 4) text: I love that sound. Matty listens, but her eyes are on Racine. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org                32.
49) 5) dialog: I want to be in bed.
49) 8) dialog: Yes ... that's all I ever think about ... You and me. Your body near mine, close. I'm not right when you're not with me. I get the shakes. And each time, when I first see you, I shake even more. For a while. And then I get calm. I feel safe ... I've never been this way. I can't remember how I lived before. He knows it's true. It's the same for him. He wipes her cheeks with his hand. CRACK, CRACK-CRACK, CRACK.
51) 0) text: Racine and Matty are in bed. Matty is sound asleep, her back close to Racine. But he is not asleep. He is propped up, looking down at her. We've never seen his face like this before. Never this open, never so much in repose. She stirs, and then is still again. He touches her hair lightly. She sleeps.
53) 0) text: The big beacon turns in the distance, throwing an intermittent bridge of light across the water toward us. The undulating dunes stretch off as far as we can see. Racine's Stingray is parked on the dirt access road. Belo it, Racine and Matty sit close in the warm sand.
53) 1) dialog: Don't say it, if you don't mean it. Please, Ned, don't.
53) 3) dialog: I'm going to tell Edmund I want a divorce. I won't stay any longer. I would have, if you hadn't come along. The life is comfortable. I was willing to go on. But you've reminded me of what it can be... I know now that these last three years I've been living half a life. It's my fault, I don't deny it. You have to let yourself be bought. I did. I let it happen. I've lived so much of my life with nothing. When you have no money, you have no choices. I don't care what they say -- money is freedom. That's something they don't teach you in school. But I found out. And when Edmund came along when I saw a chance to stop struggling I took it. I'm not ashamed.
53) 5) dialog: He got   what he wanted... he has a knack   for that. But no more. I'm ready   to walk away from the money. I have   to be with you.
53) 7) dialog: (hugs him closer) Oh, I know you will, darling. I didn't mean that. I know you will. But it doesn't matter. It's you I want. That's all.
53) 9) dialog: Of the divorce?
53) 11) dialog: No.   I signed a pre-nuptial agreement.
53) 13) dialog: He insisted. He blamed it on his sister Roz -- she's always hated me -- but I know he wanted it too.
53) 15) dialog: Bad. I get some money for a year. Not much. That's it. But I don't care, Ned. Not if I can be with you. She searches his face, almost frightened.
53) 16) dialog: Does it matter, Ned? Tell me the truth please. I'll understand, I swear to you.
53) 18) dialog: God, you've made me happy. (she pulls away)
53) 19) text: It's time for your present. She jumps up and runs back to the car. Racine walks back there as Matty takes a wrapped package out of the car. She hands it to Racine, who leans against the car to unwr it.
53) 20) dialog: From now on, when it starts coming down on you, I'll be there to protect you. Racine opens the box and smiles broadly. It is a hat a fedora in the classic style.
53) 21) dialog: Put it on! I'll bet I guessed the size right. Racine puts on the fedora. It fits. He looks simultaneous old-fashioned, a visitor from the Forties, and also very chic, a present-day fashion plate. But most of all, he looks exactly right. Matty squeals in glee at the sight.
53) 22) dialog: I love it.
53) 24) dialog: Look in my eyes. Can you see yourself? Racine tries for a moment, then gives up with a laugh.
53) 25) dialog: Here! Matty opens the door of the Stingray and sits in the passenger seat with her legs out. She rolls up the window in that door as Racine stands before it. The glass captur the moonlight to make a perfect mirror. As the window goes up, Racine's reflection appears on the glass, posing in his hat. At the same time, Matty's face disappears from view. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org               39.
54) 0) text: Racine lies on the couch. He spins the fedora Matty gave him on his finger, Beverly comes up and leans against the doorjamb. She's wearing a tee-shirt and tight slacks; she looks good. She watches him for a moment.
59) 2) dialog: (filtered)
59) 5) dialog: (filtered, after a pause)
60) 0) text: Same thick fog. The wind chimes TINKLE softly. Light seeps out from Matty's bedroom windows, half-revealing Racine and Matty lying together on a lounge. Matty is in her white terrycloth robe, Racine just shorts.
60) 2) dialog: I saw the will once. He showed it to me. He was trying to prove something ... how much he loved me or something.
60) 4) dialog: The stock market, investments, real estate. He doesn't tell me anything, but I've picked up a little. I know they own a lot of land along the shore here.
60) 6) dialog: (she doesn't know) He's never introduced me to anyone. I'm not sure if they're all legitimate.
60) 8) dialog: They own that old place in Miranda Beach, The Breakers... I know that.
60) 10) dialog: (shrugs) Edmund mentioned it once. Racine lights another cigarette and gazes off into the fog, thinking. Matty presses her cheek against his chest and closes her eyes tight.
60) 11) dialog: Ned, it scares me to talk about these things.
60) 13) dialog: You know.
60) 15) dialog: Let's just not, okay? Let's not think about all he's got. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org                42.
60) 17) dialog: I'm afraid... because when I think about it, I wish that he'd die. That's really what I want. It's horrible and ugly and It's what I most want. Racine looks off into the night for a few beats, then he lifts her face so he can look into her eyes.
60) 19) dialog: What do you mean?
60) 21) dialog: Don't talk about it, Ned. Please don't. Talk is dangerous. Sometimes it makes things happen, it makes it real.
60) 24) dialog: I'm afraid, Ned.
63) 0) text: The best restaurant in Miranda Beach. Racine slips on his jacket as he comes in the door. He waves to the Hostess across the dining room, indicating he'll be alone tonight. She signals a short wait. He steps toward the bar, bringing him suddenly face to face with Matty.
63) 2) dialog: (to Racine)
63) 3) text: Hello. She turns to her husband. He is not what Racine expected. He may, in fact, be mean, as Matty described him, but he looks neither small nor weak. A handsome man, he is bigge than Racine and in terrific shape. Dressed in an expensiv summer suit, he radiates vigor and controlled physical power. He wears sleek, metal-framed glasses.
63) 4) dialog: Darling, I'd like you to meet Mr. Racine. I'm sorry. I don't know your first name.
63) 7) dialog: Mr. Racine is the lawyer I told you about. (Walker doesn't remember)
63) 28) dialog: Edmund, really.     It's Mr. Racine's profession.
63) 39) dialog: Edmund's company owns The Breakers.
63) 42) dialog: (to Racine) I'm too dumb. Woman, you know. She picks up her purse and stands up with a good-humored smile. The men rise.
63) 43) dialog: I'll be right back. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org             47. Then maybe we can talk about pantyhose or something interesting. She walks away. Walker watches her go with a satisfied, possessive grin. They sit.
64) 0) text: Matty's bedroom window, from a distance.  The light goes out, Racine is watching from the shadows of the gazebo. He stares up there. The TINKLING of the  wind chimes rise and rises. It crests and begins to fade,  replaced by the WHOOSHING.
67) 0) text: Racine comes into the reception room from the hall. He's surprised the door is unlocked. He crosses the room and opens the door to his office. Matty is sitting in one of the chairs in front of his desk. She jumps up at the sight of him and moves up to embrace him.
67) 2) dialog: I waited till I saw her leave.      Please don't be angry with me.
67) 4) dialog: It didn't lock. Oh. Ned, hold me. Please just hold me, God, I love you. Racine reaches over and locks the door to his office.
67) 5) dialog: He left this morning.      I had to see you.
67) 8) dialog: I couldn't call. I'm afraid to call. I was afraid you wouldn't let me come.
67) 10) dialog: I'm careful. I hated it, Ned. I hated sitting there with the two of you. I thought I was going to scream. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org              50.
67) 13) dialog: No, never.
67) 15) dialog: I went to phone booths. I'm afraid of him, Ned. I'm always afraid.
67) 17) dialog: Why, Ned, why do you say this now?
67) 19) dialog: Why, Ned?    What's happened?
67) 26) dialog: It's real, then?
68) 0) text: Matty sits at the wheel of her Mercedes at the curb. She smokes her cigarette nervously. Racine walks over to the car from the docks and leans down to the window.
68) 2) dialog: I thought we settled that. I'll wait in the car, but -- (she puts a hand on him)
70) 0) text: Racine sits smoking, watching Matty fill their tall highball glasses with ice at the bar.
70) 1) dialog: I don't know why he's so crazy about her. Maybe because he never had any of his own. She's a cute little girl, all right, but other than that... I know this, though, her mother has worked plenty hard to keep Heather on Edmund's mind, Always bringing her around, reporting everything she does in school. That Roz is a smart one. And you know that anything Heather inherits goes straight to Roz. Heather won't even get a look at it. That's the part I can't stand. That's why it seems so wrong to have half of it go to her. She hands him his glass and stands next to him, her hand playing with his hair.
70) 3) dialog: Are you sure, Ned? I've been thinking about it. Maybe there is. The will is with his lawyer in Miami I know that. What if I could get him to bring it home? He did it once, he'd do it again. If I could swing it, couldn't we rewrite it? Change it. Then when he dies, I could find the new one. We could just change it a little. Every little change would mean a lot to us, End. You're a lawyer. You know how to write it. It wouldn't seem so odd. I could say he brought it home and we talked about it and decided to make some changes up here. And I knew you already -- Racine is shaking his head.
70) 5) dialog: I just don't see why Heather should take half -- Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org                55. Racine puts down his drink and turns to look down at her.
70) 8) dialog: You're right, darling.   I'm sorry. I know you're right.
74) 2) dialog: Be careful.
74) 4) dialog: I love you. He looks at his watch again and pulls away.     Matty sta watching.
77) 0) text: Racine and Matty, just their heads on one pillow, inches apart. They look at each other in silence. Finally --
77) 2) dialog: The side door.
77) 4) dialog: Two A.M. I send him down.
77) 6) dialog: I'm so frightened. So is Racine.
81) 0) text: Matty unlocks the door side of the house.    She tests it once from the outside.
84) 0) text: Matty sits on the porch drinking a highball. She stubs out another cigarette in the overflowing ashtray and look at her watch. Her foot swings nervously.
87) 0) text: Matty watches the lights of Edmund's Cadillac come up the drive.
88) 0) text: Matty comes to the end of the porch, a big, welcoming smile on her face. Edmund is getting out the driver's side.
88) 3) dialog: Heather.   What a surprise.
89) 0) text: Matty, Edmund and Heather have a late dinner.    Edmund a Heather joke together, Matty joins in.
91) 0) text: Matty appears, quickly looks and tests the door, then hurries away.
95) 0) text: Matty's face, her head on a pillow, turned away from her husband, away from the bedroom door. Her look is just as intense as Racine's. Her eyes are focused on - An alarm clock on the nightstand -- 1:15. There is the SOUND of a car somewhere outside and Matty reacts to it silently. She listens with her whole being. The wind chimes TINKLE.
97) 0) text: The alarm clock -- 1:42. Matty watches. Matty listens. She tries to confirm that Walker is sleeping without looking there. Matty begins to move her legs slowly toward the side of the bed, to get out. Suddenly, the bed lurches. Matty gasps and whips her head around to look. Edmund is standing next to his side of the bed in his undershorts. He puts on his glasses and looks at her.
97) 2) dialog: What are you doing?
97) 4) dialog: Edmund. He turns to look at her.   She moves once on the bed, languidly.
97) 5) dialog: I can't sleep, either. He peers at her in the darkness.
97) 6) dialog: Lock the door, darling. Edmund studies her, then walks over and locks the door.
98) 0) text: Edmund's alarm clock - 2:05. Edmund rolls into view, his breath ragged. Matty's hand is on his chest. Edmund looks at her and laughs.
98) 3) dialog: (calling softly to him)
99) 0) text: Matty looks across the hall toward the open door to the guest room; it is dark. She hurries to the stairs, peerin down into the darkness. She starts down the steps.
100) 0) text: MATTY'S POV as she comes down the steps. Each shadow, doorway, and alcove threatens to erupt with life. Matty reaches the bottom of the stairs and peers around. She starts back along the dark hall of the house just as Edmund comes out of the bedroom upstairs; he is still in his undershorts. He reaches the top of the stairs as Matt moves back along the hall. The alcove under the stairs is in black shadow. Matty is focused on it. Just as she reaches it, the lights in the hall snap on. Racine is standing under the stairs, poised to strike the figure in the hall with a heavy wooden plank about two feet long. Matty gasps at the sight, but it is covered by
100) 2) text: Christ, woman, did you ever hear of turning on the lights? Racine doesn't breathe. Matty is frozen in the spot, directly in front of Racine and five feet below Edmund, who now starts down the steps.
100) 3) dialog: Edmund... wait! Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org                62.
100) 5) dialog: (whispering up at him)
101) 0) text: Matty watches Heather give Edmund a big   goodbye kiss an run off to talk to Betty, the Walker's   Housekeeper, who is sweeping the front terrace. Edmund    gets in the Cadillac. Matty leans down and kisses    him goodbye.
101) 3) dialog: She can do whatever she wants.
102) 0) text: Matty comes out. She's wearing a light, simple shift. She walks over to a small table and begins putting some dirty dishes and glasses on a small tray. Suddenly, Racin takes her into his arms from behind. She GASPS in terror; he turns her to him. He is wearing only cut-off blue jean shorts and his body is wet, glistening. His hair is soaking, slicked straight back. He looks different. She sees who it is and kisses him deeply. They whisper --
102) 1) dialog: My God, you scared me. You shouldn't be here. Heather's still here. She's upstairs.
102) 3) dialog: I miss you so badly.       But it's too dangerous.
102) 5) dialog: You're all wet. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org                64.
103) 0) text: Matty comes up the stairs and looks toward the guest room The door is closed.
104) 0) text: Morning. Matty sits with coffee and toast at the table. The Walker's Housekeeper moves about in the kitchen. Heather comes in and takes her place opposite Matty. She seems perfectly normal. But she doesn't look Matty in the eye.
105) 0) text: ROZ KRAFT, Edmund Walker's sister, closes the passenger door of her station wagon behind Heather. Matty stands nearby.
105) 3) dialog: She did. Roz gives Heather a look.
105) 6) dialog: Any time, Roz.     She's a pleasure. Roz smiles, waves and pulls away.    Matty watches them g worried.
106) 2) dialog: It is me.
106) 4) dialog: Why haven't you answered your phone?
106) 6) dialog: He's not coming up this weekend. Why haven't you answered?
106) 8) dialog: (nods; then, after a moment)
106) 10) dialog: I don't know what Heather will tell Roz. Maybe nothing. Maybe she'll be embarrassed or afraid. Maybe she'll think she imagined the whole thing.
106) 13) dialog: We'll know if she does tell. Roz will report to Edmund quick enough. It's exactly what she's always wanted. Matty disappears for a moment into the shadows.
106) 14) dialog: I've been thinking, too.
106) 16) dialog: I think we should give it up. We haven't done anything criminal, yet. Racine has been thinking along the same lines.    He stub out his cigarette.
106) 18) dialog: That's right.   I don't think we can do it.
106) 20) dialog: Things have already started to go wrong. I feel like we got to the edge and looked over and, well, it was too much. We'll just have to live with that. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org            67. She sits down on the bed.
106) 21) dialog: I'll divorce him. And     we won't have his money. Part of me     wants it so bad. I'd be lying if I     said I didn't. But it's the worst part    of me, the weakest part. She leans back against him.
106) 22) dialog: All that matters is that we're together.
106) 24) dialog: It's not you, it's us. I'm sure I'll make some mistake.
106) 26) dialog: Yes it is.
106) 28) dialog: No, darling. Don't talk that way. It's not true. Racine studies her face.
106) 30) dialog: You're wrong. Don't think that, ever! I know you could do it. (moving closer) But all I care about is you. The money doesn't matter.
106) 32) dialog: Why torture ourselves about it? Racine laughs; he doesn't know what's funny.
106) 34) dialog: Friday.
106) 36) dialog: Is that what you really want?     Are you sure?
108) 0) text: Matty is reclining in the soapy water, slowly scrubbing. She HUMS to herself. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org                69.
110) 0) text: Matty is leaning against one of the posts that flank the porch stairs. Headlights pass across the front of the house and Matty's body. She smiles a welcoming smile to the unseen Edmund.
115) 0) text: The alarm clock -- 1:50. Again, Matty lies on her side, turned away from Edmund, eyes wide, watching the clock. Again, the bed moves suddenly! Matty rolls over to look. Edmund is sitting up in bed, putting on his glasses.
115) 1) dialog: What's wrong? Edmund motions for her to be silent.
115) 3) dialog: Are you sure? Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org                70. Again he silences her. He walks silently over to his. closet and disappears inside.
115) 4) dialog: (whispering) Should I call the police?
115) 7) dialog: (aghast) Edmund, what's that?
115) 9) dialog: I've never seen that.
115) 12) dialog: Edmund, be careful! But he is already out the door, silently. For a moment Matty is frozen, then she slides out of bed.
117) 0) text: Edmund comes slowly down the steps, his gun pointing here then there in his perfectly steady grip. The thrill of the hunt is in Edmund's eyes. The downstairs is thick with ominous shadows. At the bottom of the steps, he stops and listens again. He moves in two quick steps to the entry hall and looks into the living room and dining room. He seems to hear something at the rear of the house He turns and moves back along the central hall, very slowly. The alcove under the stairs is pitch black. Edmund points his gun at that approaching space and stops He listens. The TINKLING of the wind chimes rises weirdly making it hard for him to hear. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org                71. Edmund's hand reaches out to the wall.   His fingers find the light switch. He flips it. For a second, we are blinded by the glare. In the next Instant, as we see that the space below the stairs is empty, Matty screams from the top of the stairs --
117) 1) dialog: He has a gun! Edmund thinks she is warning him.   He spins to look.
118) 0) text: The trunk is open like a giant maw. A sheet of plastic has been spread across the inside. Edmund's body flops down inside. He has been dressed, his shoes and watch put on. Racine drops the blooded wooden plank beside the body, then throws a blanket over the corpse and slams the trunk. Racine turns to Matty who stands, fully dressed, shaking in the foggy air.
131) 0) text: Matty sits fidgeting in the front seat, trying to peer through the soupy FOG. She sucks on an unlit cigarette. Racine appears at the driver's window. Matty gasps.     H is a horrible sight. He gets in the driver's seat.
131) 1) dialog: Thank god.   I thought -- Racine grabs her and pulls her down out of sight, bending his body low over her.
133) 0) text: Racine and Matty break from a kiss.    He moves her away from him.
137) 0) text: Matty stands in the FOG, one arm wrapped around a post of the porch. Above her the wind chimes TINKLE. She struggles to hear something else. Finally she does hear it and her face relaxes and she looks at peace. Listening to soft, distant SIRENS.
141) 9) dialog: Thank you, Mr. Racine.
141) 20) dialog: Mary Ann is a lifelong   friend of mine. She  happened to   be visiting on her way to Europe.    I'm sure when she returns she'll get   in touch with me.
141) 39) dialog: Yes, what does all this mean?
141) 41) dialog: So... what happens now? Hardin looks her over coldly.    He doesn't believe she doesn't know,
141) 43) dialog: (irritated) No, I don't.
141) 46) dialog: My god.   You mean... it's all mine? Hardin is an unconvinced audience.   He nods.
141) 48) dialog: My god.
141) 50) dialog: (looking between Hardin and Roz)
141) 53) dialog: ... Of course...
142) 3) dialog: I've missed you so badly.   I need you.
142) 5) dialog: Please stop. I don't blame you for hating me right now.
142) 7) dialog: Will you come to the house tonight? She takes his hand and shakes it for show.
142) 8) dialog: I want you more right now than I ever have. I know how you must feel about me. But please come tonight.
146) 0) text: Matty closes the front door behind Racine and wraps her arms around him. She kisses him hard and long on the mout then starts on his neck. He begins to push her away but she clings to him, eating him up.
146) 1) dialog: I know. I know. I know you'd probably like to kill me. I know. But please... you can hate me... punish me... hurt me if you want, but don't talk yet. She takes his hand and drags him to the steps and leads the way up, her eyes on him always.
146) 2) dialog: Please, Ned. He lets her lead him up the stairs.
147) 1) dialog: ... Mary Ann and I left Wheaton together and went to Chicago. We didn't know what we were doing. I got in bad trouble with drugs. Speed. Really bad. I did things... (she looks up at him)
147) 3) dialog: I don't blame you for thinking I'm bad. I am. I know it. I'd understand if you just cut me off now. If you never trusted me again. You'd probably be smart. But you must believe one thing. I love you. I love you and need you. I want to be with you forever. She puts her head on his chest as Racine lights a cigarette.
147) 5) dialog: I don't care.
147) 7) dialog: There's nothing we can do about it now. In a little while we'll either have the money or we won't. It's out of our hands. Racine thinks about this awhile.     He exhales a stream smoke.
147) 8) dialog: I fired the housekeeper. We can stay together as long as we want. We're all alone here now.
153) 0) text: Matty has been pushed roughly across the entry hall. Her back hits hard against the wall at the front of the centr hall. She rubs  her wrist where the skin is red and looks with frightened eyes at Racine.
153) 2) dialog: I swear to you, I don't.     What's wrong with you?
153) 4) dialog: I must have missed them. I wasn't looking for them. I thought they were on Edmund.
153) 6) dialog: I don't know. (suddenly, a look) Betty!
153) 9) dialog: She might have taken them. Racine thinks that's crazy.
153) 10) dialog: Listen to me. That's why I fired her. After Edmund's death she started acting strange. She was always watching me, listening to my calls.
153) 12) dialog: No, Ned, not with her I wasn't. I could tell there was a difference. Maybe she know about us. Maybe she wants something.
153) 14) dialog: I don't know what to think. I'm worried. But it's not about the glasses. Or your friends. It's us.
153) 16) dialog: Your first reaction is to accuse me. What's happening to you? I don't know if we can hold on like this. Racine sits next to her.   He rubs his eyes.
153) 17) dialog: Hardin called today. He said everything should be cleared up by next week. I'll get the money (a caustic smile) He apologized for the delay.
153) 19) dialog: But they haven't been able to. Soon it'll be all ours. That's why we've got to hold together, Ned. It won't be long, then we'll get away from here. Out from under all this. (a beat) All we have is each other. I'd kill myself if I thought this thing would destroy us. I couldn't take it. His arms enclose her.
174) 4) dialog: (filtered throughout) Hello, Ned. Can we talk? Racine swivels in his chair so that he can see Beverly in the reception room. Beverly is just replacing the receive on the hook and for a moment, she gives Racine a strange, ambivalent look. Racine watches her as she goes back to work and speaks quietly into the phone. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org         110. RACINE
174) 5) text: Okay. Where are you? MATTY
174) 8) text: Tell me. MATTY
174) 10) text: What's the best part? MATTY
174) 12) text: Do you have them? MATTY
174) 14) text: Yes. MATTY
174) 16) text: In the boathouse. MATTY
174) 19) dialog: as I can. I should be there by seven- thirty. I can't wait to see you, darling. We've made it. Racine is silent.
174) 20) dialog: Are you all right?
174) 22) dialog: Good-bye, sweetheart. She clicks off. Racine puts down the phone and stares at it.
179) 0) text: The house looms darkly. Racine has packed the Stingray in the black shadows of the big tree behind the house, hidin it. He starts to walk back around the driveway side of the house when something catches his eye at the other end of the house. He walks over there. Close to that far wall, in shadow as deep as the one he has just used is, to Racine's surprise -- Matty's Mercedes. Racine stares at the car.
182) 0) text: Close on Racine's watch -- ten-o-five. The wind chimes on the gazebo TINKLE. Racine sits smoking in the shadows. He takes another drink from a glass of liquor. All the lights on the lawn, gazebo and boathouse are off. Racine hears something and peers toward the driveway. Headlights move very slowly up the drive toward the house. It is Edmund's Cadillac, glowing in the moonlight. The Cadillac stops in front of the house and for several moments nothing happens. Then Matty gets out of the car Waterway. She is wearing the same white dress she was wearing when Racine first saw her and she is luminous in the moonlight Racine watches from the blackness of the gazebo. Silently Matty walks twenty feet past the gazebo and stops when she can make out the boathouse in the gloom. She stares at it a moment then turns back toward the house. Racine steps to the edge of the gazebo. Matty seems startled for only a split second.
182) 1) dialog: Hello, darling.
182) 3) dialog: Where's your car?
182) 5) dialog: Why haven't you turned on the lights?
182) 7) dialog: It's all ours now, Ned. We could leave tonight if we wanted. It's over.
182) 9) dialog: (voice changed) What's this --? Suddenly she backs away from him, down the steps, her white dress moving back into the bright moonlight from the shadow of the gazebo. She looks up at Racine.
182) 11) dialog: What is it, Ned? What's happened?
182) 13) dialog: No.   I swear to you, I don't!
182) 15) dialog: Weren't they there? Didn't she bring them?
182) 17) dialog: She promised she'd bring them.
182) 19) dialog: Ned, I don't know what you think, but you're wrong. I haven't done anything to hurt you. I love you. You've got to believe me.
183) 0) text: Racine is at the bottom of the gazebo steps now. Matty has backed away, toward the Waterway.
183) 1) dialog: I did arrange to meet you. But, Ned, it all changed. You changed it. I fell in love with you. I didn't plan that... Racine laughs, short and bitterly.
183) 3) dialog: How can I prove it to you? What can I say?
183) 5) dialog: But you said they weren't there.
185) 0) text: Racine has moved closer to Matty, away from the house. They are only six feet apart. Tears are now rolling down Matty's cheeks.
185) 1) dialog: I'll go, Ned. I'll go and look for them. She turns and starts walking toward the ocean. Just as she is about to disappear into the shadows, she turns back to him. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org                116
185) 2) dialog: Ned... no matter what you think, I do love you.
189) 2) dialog: What?
189) 4) dialog: Yes. She turns her face to the sun.