144) 0) text: Racine trudges up the dark steps in the heat. As he approaches the door to his place, he senses that someone is there. He tries the knob and the door swings open slowly, revealing Peter Lowenstein, reading a book at the bookcase and, lounging out on the porch, Detective Oscar Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org                87. Grace. The three look at each other a beat and then Racin comes in,
148) 0) text: Lowenstein makes Heather and Roz comfortable in the waiti room, then goes through the gate partition, nods at the Cop Clerk on duty, and goes into Oscar Grace's office, re closing the door behind him.
149) 19) dialog: Just one thing. Lowenstein looks at him a long moment.    Racine watches them.
149) 21) dialog: This is from the sister-in-law, the Kraft woman. She's been driving me batty lately. She's convinced she ain't gonna be out into the will. It seems that a couple weeks before the murder, Walker's niece stayed up there for a while with your friend Matty. One night she waxes up, goes to see her aunt and catches the lady with some guy. The three men look at each other.   Lowenstein breaks int laughter.
154) 0) text: Oscar Grace has been talking to the Desk Clerk, who now disappears and returns with the Hotel Manager.
155) 0) text: Oscar and the Hotel Manager watch as a Data Clerk extract a sheet of freshly-printed billing information from a computer. He points to a section of the read-out.
156) 0) text: Oscar talks to the Parking Attendant who handled Racine's Stingray. Oscar looks around the structure.
157) 0) text: The door to a hotel room is open in the foreground, but Oscar is down the hall looking at the door to the stairwell.
158) 0) text: Oscar sits across the desk from a Plainclothes Cop, who is talking on the phone. The Plainclothes Cop hears what he wants on the phone and nods to Oscar, tapping a spot on a list that lies before him. Oscar gets up and looks to see where he's pointing.
159) 0) text: Oscar can be seen inside, talking to the Attendant on duty.
160) 0) text: Oscar, totally beat, sits in his car. The Real Estate Agent we saw with Racine comes up, unctuously ushering Two Businessmen. As he shows them inside, Oscar approache him, getting out his I.D. He and the Real Estate Agent shake hands. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org                102
163) 17) text: As far as I'm concerned, I don't care who killed him. And I don't care who gets rich because of it. (shakes his head) But Oscar, Oscar's not like that. His whole life is based on doing the right thing. He's the only person I know like that. Sometimes it's a real pain in the ass. Even for him. Lowenstein glances at Racine, but only for a moment.
175) 0) text: Teddy Laursen watches as Oscar Grace and another Detectiv come into the room. They look grim.