27) 0) text: RACINE'S POV. Matty is standing at the bottom of the stairs in the hall. She is looking directly at the front door. Frozen in the spot. Racine tries the door. It's locked. He shakes it hard, but it's solid. He looks to his left. There are windows down the wall there. He moves to them. They go into the living room but their shutters are closed. He looks through a broken slat at Matty, who watches him from the same spot, through the living room door. Racine tries them. They won't budge. Racine moves to his right past the front door, to the windows off the dining room. He pushes at them as his eyes lock with Matty, who watches from the hall. The windows won't move, Racine spins and picks up the nearest object, a wooden rocking chair. He lifts it, turns and smashes the big window. Glass showers into the dining room. Matty watches.    She hasn't moved. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org                22. Racine pushes the broken window out of his way.    He com in, like a violent gust of wind.
100) 2) text: Christ, woman, did you ever hear of turning on the lights? Racine doesn't breathe. Matty is frozen in the spot, directly in front of Racine and five feet below Edmund, who now starts down the steps.
101) 2) text: Roz will pick her up on Friday. And don't worry, Roz won't stay overnight.
105) 0) text: ROZ KRAFT, Edmund Walker's sister, closes the passenger door of her station wagon behind Heather. Matty stands nearby.
105) 1) dialog: What do you say?
105) 5) dialog: Thanks, Matty.     We appreciate it.
141) 7) dialog: Thank you. Racine comes up to Matty and takes her hand.
141) 23) dialog: (to Hardin) Pardon me. I'm sorry. I'm confused. Is there some question about the authenticity of the will? Racine would like to kiss Roz; instead he turns with a questioning look to Hardin.
141) 38) dialog: Once again, Mr. Hardin, you've lost me.
148) 0) text: Lowenstein makes Heather and Roz comfortable in the waiti room, then goes through the gate partition, nods at the Cop Clerk on duty, and goes into Oscar Grace's office, re closing the door behind him.
150) 0) text: Racine walks out of Grace's office. Lowenstein watches him go. Heather is absorbed in a magazine and Roz is distracted with her cigarette. Racine could keep on walking, but instead he walks over to Roz. She jumps when he speaks to her.
150) 2) dialog: Hello, Mr. Racine.
150) 4) dialog: We're all right, I guess. Racine crouches in front of Heather and smiles at her.
150) 11) dialog: Goodbye. Racine walks away.   Heather watches him go.   Roz turns Heather.