69) 0) text: TEDDY LAURSEN, rock'n roll arsonist, is keeping the beat and mouthing the words along with the Bruce Springsteen tape on his workbench. Teddy is in his mid-twenties, dressed in a black T-shirt and jeans. His arson workshop is located in the basement of an old building. All around him are the tools and supplies of his trade: wire, rope, cans, vises, alarm clocks, chemical containers, and a huge assortment of mechanical implements. He keeps all his small accessories in dozens of cigar boxes, unlabeled Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org             52. He knows where everything Is. Teddy is watching Racine, who is kneeling on the floor before a compact incendiary device. Teddy winces at the way Racine clips two wires together. He reaches over to turn down the tape slightly, then squats down next to Racine to demonstrate the proper method.
69) 1) dialog: Whatsa matter, you can't think with a little music? (demonstrating) Like this, I said. Racine nods then duplicates the clipping. Teddy goes back to his stool, slapping the beat of the music on his thigh. Racine pulls out the alarm lever on the clock attached to the device and stands up. He throws a look to Teddy and Teddy nods that, yes, the device is now set.
69) 3) dialog: (nods to the music) It's fast. It's hot. It's simple. You can use the clock or rig it to something that moves. It starts big and it'll go with just the mag clips. If you want more, splash a little accelerator around.
69) 5) dialog: Regular, unleaded, supreme -- whatever you like, counselor. I got to tell you, though, this mama has a big drawback.
69) 7) dialog: It's easy to spot, even after the meltdown. They'll know it's arson.
69) 9) dialog: No. No-no-no-no. That ain't all there is to it.
69) 11) dialog: You gotta get in, you gotta get out. You gotta pick the right spot and the right time. And you gotta try not to get famous while you're in the act. (gestures at the device)
69) 14) dialog: Hey, now I want to ask you something, Are you listening, asshole, because I like you? (Racine nods) I got a serious question for you. What the fuck are you doing? This is not shit for you to be messing with. Are you ready to hear something? See if this sounds familiar. Anytime you try a decent crime, there is fifty ways to fuck up. If you think of twenty-five of them you're a genius. And you're no genius. You know who told me that? Racine remembers telling Teddy that.
69) 15) dialog: Listen, man, maybe you should let me do it for you. Gratis. I'll do it. I wouldn't even be on the street if it weren't for you. Racine looks him over, shakes his head "no."
69) 17) dialog: I hope you know what you're doin' you better be pretty damn sure about it. If you ain't sure, don't do it. Of course, that's my recommendation anyway -- don't do it. (he puts a hand on Racine's shoulder)
127) 0) text: Racine, carrying only a flashlight, has made his way to the supply area he visited before. His beam probes dark corners, responds to random CREAKING. Satisfied that he is alone, he moves a wooden crate and reaches into the hole in the wall which it hid. He brings out Teddy's incendiary device and places it on the floor in the middl of the room.
173) 0) text: Teddy Laursen sits across the table from Racine. Teddy, too, looks a little ragged. Nervous.
173) 1) dialog: I don't know. It's a thing in Lauderdale. Something must've gone wrong, but they're not telling me. I'm a little worried.
173) 3) dialog: No, no. That's not why I called you. In fact, I got me another lawyer. Racine watches him.
173) 4) dialog: I think it would be better. You know Schlisgal.
173) 6) dialog: This broad came to me last week. A real looker. She said you told her how to reach me, I figured you musta, she knew all about it. (Racine nods) She said you wanted another one. Teddy searches Racine's face, trying to see if the story was true. He's not surprised that it's not.
173) 7) dialog: Yeah, I was afraid of that. But I'm a slow thinker.
173) 9) dialog: (lowers his voice even more)
173) 11) dialog: Then I'm glad I told you. Watch your step.
173) 13) dialog: Racine... Don't thank me yet. These guys here, they've been asking me about The Breakers. (reads Racine's look)
175) 0) text: Teddy Laursen watches as Oscar Grace and another Detectiv come into the room. They look grim.