0) 1) dialog: Fuck!   Fucking-shit-fuck-fucking- fuck! PULL BACK to reveal that we're in...
1) 0) text: A place of designer furniture, beautiful girls carrying towels, tea and cigarettes. Dozens of Yakuza look on as the process continues, sleeves rolled up or shirts off to expose the lavish tattoos that cover their torsos. HOLLYWOOD, the young Yakuza member, is getting his first tattoo, a relatively small one on his back. He grabs a bottle of sake and suckles it like a baby.
1) 1) dialog: Watch it, old man! The old tattoo artist continues tapping his brush. a little harder.
1) 2) dialog: What the fuck?     You're doing it wrong.
1) 4) dialog: What's that supposed to mean?
1) 8) dialog: What did you just say, old man? Hollywood whips his gun out and jams it under the old man's jaw.
1) 9) dialog: I know you didn't just disrespect me, did you? You that fucking stupid? You disrespect me, and I'll tattoo this ceiling with your fucking brains! The old man speaks with a kind of deference honed through years of service to men like Hollywood.
1) 11) dialog: You're lucky. I can't kill you 'til you finish this thing. Gimme that mirror! How's it looking? Goons and girls all cluck their tongues in chorus. Hollywood peers at the new tat through the mirror. whistles approval as Yakuza One enters carrying an origami envelope.
1) 12) dialog: Not bad. Not bad. For an old fuck.
1) 14) dialog: What is it?
1) 18) dialog: So open it, dumb ass. He opens the origami envelope, then hesitates at what he sees.
1) 19) dialog: What?   What is it? He pours the contents out into his hand.
1) 23) dialog: You know what this is? The artist barely nods.
1) 24) dialog: Wanna let us in on the joke?
1) 29) dialog: What came out of the shadows?
1) 31) dialog: What word? He pulls open his robe, revealing a hauntingly beautiful tattoo of a Shinobi demon thrusting its blade into a lump of scar tissue at the center of his heart.
1) 33) dialog: What the fuck is that?
1) 35) dialog: A ninja? Are you kidding me? That's the word you're afraid to say? Ninja? As he starts to laugh.
1) 36) dialog: Ninja-Ninja-Ninja! His laughter is infectious.
1) 37) dialog: You old fuck! You had me going! Ninja. That's some good shit. His Lieutenant laughs hard with him until the top of his head disappears, sliced off from his jaw up, leaving his tongue wagging in space. Lights shatter around the room. Chaos ensues. The panicked screams of the fleeing entourage co-mingle in chorus with gruesome death rattles of Hollywood's foot soldiers as one by one, they are eviscerated.
1) 40) dialog: Listen... you don't have to do this! Whatever you're getting paid, I'll triple it! You hear me! I'll pay you whatever you want! Just name your price! Their answer is silence. Hollywood sees his guns nearby. With a desperate scream, he THROWS the match in the air as he DIVES for his guns, grabbing one in each hand. There is a whistle of metal and suddenly his severed hands are tumbling gracefully through the air. The blade swings again, slicing through his body as if it were barely there, coming out the other side as -- -- Hollywood's body erupts as it falls in two pieces, splattering the artist with blood. The match touches the floor and goes out. The Tattoo Master does not move, has not moved.    Frozen