25) 2) dialog: Ja.
25) 6) dialog: (stepping aside) Ah, sehr gut. Bitte...please.
26) 1) dialog: You said you read my husband's report, yes? What did you think?
26) 3) dialog: My husband journeyed all over the world researching that report, but when he was home, he never spoke about it. He said it was safer that way.
26) 5) dialog: The report caused "problems" for Alexei's career the way Moses caused problems for the Pharaoh, you see? Very unpleasant. Terrible people saying terrible things.
26) 9) dialog: After he retired...was asked to retire...we moved, first to Byelorussia and then here to Berlin when the wall came down. He said this will be a good place to grow old together. And it was, for a time.
26) 12) dialog: About two years ago...two? Yes, after the assassination of Zhukov, the report drew attention. After that, everything was different.
26) 14) dialog: Alexei hired men to change all the locks, and put in more of them. Locks on the windows, locks on the doors, locks on the locks. He put in cameras and motion sensors and lights...everywhere, lights.
26) 16) dialog: "There can be no shadows," he said. "No shadows."
26) 18) dialog: I will tell you a true thing, and a hard thing. My husband was a soldier. A member of Russian intelligence. He had seen many terrible things.... (beat) He was not a man to frighten easily.
26) 22) dialog: But from that day on, when the sun went down behind the hills...in his eyes, I saw the fear a child has of the dark. (beat) Then, one day, a man came to the door.
26) 24) dialog: They talked in Alexei's study for sometime. Then the young man left.
26) 25) text: Mrs. Sabatin watches the young man leave then hurries toward the study door.
26) 26) dialog: It was unlike Alexei not to see him out. I remember being very scared. But when I opened the door, he was just sitting there. For a moment, he didn't even notice me. Then he stood up and kissed me and told me that he loved me very much. He said I should always remember that.
26) 30) dialog: No. Alexei never spoke about it. But two months later, he was dead.
26) 33) dialog: The lights went out. She looks to Mika.   That says it all.   She rises.
26) 34) dialog: You are the first person who has taken my husband's work seriously. It would be good to know that he did not die without cause. Come with me. Mika follows her into -- -- an adjoining room, where Mrs. Sabatin pulls the bottom drawer of a bureau out and sets it on the floor. From the darkness she removes a metal box.
26) 35) dialog: He would want you to have this.