4) 1) dialog: Wherever you are, wherever you may go....
4) 3) dialog: ...you must never, ever forget who you are, how you came to be. You are Ozunu. You are a part of me as I am a part of you.
4) 6) dialog: This is the truth of your lives and it will remain true after death.
4) 8) dialog: This is my new son. I have given him the name Raizo. Welcome him as your brother.
7) 1) dialog: You should have died.
7) 3) dialog: On the street. Abandoned by your parents. Without a home. Without people to care for you. You should have done as most children do, and gone quietly from this world, to the next. (beat)
7) 4) text: But, instead you fought. As you did here today. You fought. And you won. As we TRACK with Ozunu, we see that Raizo's body is covered in scars.
7) 5) dialog: Scars are the calligraphy of violence, Raizo. They inscribe the story of one's life.
7) 9) dialog: You survived because you are different. You are special. That is why you are here. That is why the Great Current, which flows beneath all life, carried you to me.
11) 1) dialog: Our enemies are everywhere.
11) 3) dialog: You must move without trace or                       * footprint. Young Raizo pours water through evergreens onto clothes he is scrubbing.
11) 4) dialog: You must become shadow; Your scent                   * nothing but wind through trees.                      *
15) 3) dialog: The body must obey the will.                         *
15) 5) dialog: Hunger and thirst, your bowels and                   * breath, even the blood in your                       * veins, are the body's weaknesses.                    *
15) 7) dialog: Master them, and you master the self.
15) 9) dialog: This is the power of the Ozunu clan.
15) 11) dialog: This is the way of the ninja.
15) 12) text: The children look at each other, except for Raizo who stares at Ozunu.
15) 13) dialog: Eat tonight and you work twice as                    * hard tomorrow.
15) 14) text: Ozunu leaves. The children look at the soup, their mouths watering. All around, the older Ozunu clan members eat noisily. One of the children can't resist any longer and begins scooping up the noodles. In short order, others do the same.
15) 18) dialog: The world feeds on the weak.
15) 21) dialog: Suffering exists only because                       * weakness exists.
15) 22) text: Ozunu watches from the far side of the room as Raizo takes his first step. Carefully. Graceful as any dancer. He makes no sound.
15) 23) dialog: You must hate all weakness. Hate                    * it in others, but most of hate it                   * in yourself.
15) 24) text: He takes another step, and another.    Each soft as a falling feather. He is a third of the way across the floor - his body gleaming with sweat - when he steps wrong and the floor sings beneath him. Raizo stops, a flash of panic in his eyes. Then he subdues the emotion and obediently lifts the offending foot, holds it out as Ozunu rises and approaches. Ozunu lays open Raizo's foot with a bamboo rod.      Slas blows that leave deep cuts.
17) 14) dialog: Strength is the only virtue that nature respects. 22Ab   FLASHBACK - INT. ORPHANAGE - DAY Children are sharpening their weapons. Ozunu walks above them.
17) 15) dialog: Hone your body. Sharpen your mind. Become the weapon you will need to survive. Young Raizo looks up and sees young Kiriko looking at him. She smiles. He looks back to his weapon.
21) 2) dialog: Did Takeshi's blow hurt you?    You                   * think this is pain? You are                           * mistaken.                                             * He gouges three fingers into the boy's stomach and twists something inside of him. Raizo screams. His screams smear into uncontrollable sobbing.
21) 3) dialog: That is true pain. You must learn                     * to live with it. He steps back, leaving Raizo writhing in agony.
21) 6) dialog: This is your first test. Survive                    * the night.
21) 10) dialog: Very good, Raizo. Very good.
22) 6) text: His faint smile reminds us of Ozunu.
24) 3) dialog: These next five years will be the most important of your training.
24) 5) dialog: For an entire year, you shall live without one of your senses, beginning with the sense you rely on the most: your sight.
24) 7) dialog: A true Shinobi lives in darkness. The night is his weapon.                             *
24) 9) dialog: You must see with more than your                     * eyes.                                                *
41) 7) dialog: Weakness compels strength.
43) 0) text: Ozunu addresses the clan, his eyes like those of an executioner.
43) 1) dialog: Betrayal begets blood.
45) 1) dialog: This is the law of the Nine Clans. This is the way of the ninja.
48) 19) dialog: You may remove the blindfold.
48) 21) dialog: Your entire life has brought you to this moment. Do not fail yourself. Do not fail your family.
48) 25) dialog: He is wearing a black and gold watch. Bring it to me.
51) 0) text: It is raining. Raizo, still wearing his bloody clothes, climbs up onto the roof, his clothes spattered with gore. He waits as the shadows around him come to life: Ozunu, Takeshi, and several other clan members surround him. All but Ozunu wear their masks. Raizo extends his hand, revealing the black and gold watch, smeared with fresh blood. He offers it to Mr. Ozunu.
51) 3) dialog: Keep it. It will remind you that every minute of your life is a gift that I have given you.
51) 4) text: Ozunu smiles.
51) 5) dialog: You have made me proud tonight, Raizo. There are some who believed you would fail, but I knew you would not.
51) 7) dialog: You have a strength inside you Raizo. You must use that strength, now to show me that you are truly Ozunu.
51) 9) dialog: Weakness compels strength. Betrayal begets blood.
51) 11) dialog: A daughter that turned her back on her family. She tried to run. Takeshi hunted her down.
51) 13) dialog: It is the law of the Nine Clans.
51) 14) text: Raizo looks at the girl, her tears lost in the rain. We cannot tell if Raizo is crying as he takes the blade- He CRIES OUT, the light of madness in his eyes. He STRIKES, lashing out with the fury of a wild animal, at Ozunu -- -- who bends back with impossible grace.       But not fa enough.
51) 17) dialog: Kill him! Raizo meets their attack. Throwing himself into the fray as only a man who is no longer interested in living can. But the ninjas are everywhere. They hurl shuriken at him by the handful, a storm of jagged steel racing for Raizo's flesh. Raizo blocks some of the shuriken, misses many more. The shuriken strike muscles, tendons, flesh. He SWINGS around, still trying to attack, there are too many of them. He stumbles back towards the edge of the roof as Takeshi SWINGS what he believes will be the death blow as -- -- Raizo half-falls, half-leaps backward, falling from the rooftop, tumbling through space, until he -- -- Splashes into the canal below- Bubbles dancing between the ribbons of blood.
63) 29) dialog: Cut him.
63) 31) dialog: All failure must be sown into the flesh.
63) 35) dialog: Cut him!
63) 37) dialog: What?
63) 39) dialog: You know the law!
63) 41) dialog: You will wear this disgrace for the rest of your life!
97) 1) dialog: We have been betrayed.
97) 3) dialog: A child of mine, my daughter, betrayed us. She refused these gifts. Rejected our clan.
97) 6) dialog: Hers is a shame that can only be purged with blood.
97) 8) dialog: You who returned her shall have this honor.
98) 0) text: A bucket of water slaps Raizo awake. He's bound to a pole in the middle of the courtyard by thick rope that bites into his flesh. Ozunu stands before him, as well as the rest of the clan, down to the youngest of them. Watching silently. He looks the same as he has in the flashbacks - except that now an ugly scar runs diagonally across the length of his face. Trace of Raizo's blade from atop the building in Dubai. When he speaks, Ozunu is speaking for the benefit of the rest of the clan as to Raizo.
98) 1) dialog: You are Ozunu. Your life is meaningless compared to the survival of the Clan. This is our deepest truth. Because of it, we have endured for hundreds of years, and will endure for hundreds more.
98) 4) dialog: Weakness compels strength. Betrayal begets blood. This is the way of the Nine Clans. (beat) This is the way of the Ninja.
98) 6) dialog: I have waited many years for this moment. I have dreamed it, many times.
98) 8) dialog: You will suffer for seven days, one day for each year you defied me.
98) 10) dialog: For seven days, we will...take...from you, as I have just done. Everyone here will take from you. Piece by piece. You will live through it all, you will feel through it all. You will watch as the birds fight over the pieces.
98) 12) dialog: You will know pain like no other human being has ever known.
98) 16) dialog: Your death will be remembered for a thousand years as a testament to the will and strength of the Ozunu Clan. One last gouge in Raizo's stomach sends a heaving shudder through him. Confident, victorious, Ozunu turns and walks a few steps away as -- -- Raizo coughs up a bloody wad onto the clean floor. Takeshi smiles at this, then looks more closely, seeing something amidst the bile...
100) 2) dialog: You have not forgotten your training. You will always be mine, child.
100) 3) text: Raizo stops, considers this, then continues; his footsteps now bringing every sound possible. Ozunu steps out of the darkness, as though shrugging off a cloak of midnight.
100) 4) dialog: Perhaps this is the best way for you to die.
100) 7) text: Raizo unleashes all his fury: The chain cutting with the power of an enormous buzz saw-- Hacking timbers in half-- Carving scars in the floors and walls-- Braziers are thrown, fumes begin to spread but-- Ozunu blocks or evades, absorbing the assault patiently
102) 0) text: Raizo begins to weaken. An attack misses wrapping a beam and Ozunu has his opening- His assault is ferocious. Wounds begin opening like windows shears of blood billowing out. Raizo retreats, his chain just blocking, catching, or deflecting the whirlwind attack until-- One sound cuts through the furious fight. Snap-zoom to Ozunu's ear as-- The hammer is cocked, a cylinder spinning into place.
102) 2) text: She fires and Ozunu twists enough so that the bullet grazes him.
102) 3) dialog: Bitch!
102) 4) text: A scatter shot of shurikens send her diving to the floor. But the distraction gives Raizo his chance. The blade whistles, the chain snaps and blood arcs out of Ozunu. Rage thunders the hall. Mika gets back up and aims but-- Ozunu seems to pull the shadows and smoke around him as he disappears.
102) 11) text: Ozunu emerges from the smoke behind her, a wraith. His eyes are as black as the sockets of a skull. She spins around but is too late. The ancient blade runs straight through her chest just as