2) 0) text: A roll of toilet paper drops into a cart. PULL BACK to REVEAL RAIZO, 20s, slim and sinewy, his expression distant, almost haunted. He considers the toothpaste options for a moment, then drops in one of those too. Moves on to food. Turkish Muzak plays in the background, a Beatles song, "Helter Skelter" by way of Turkish musicians. Other SHOPPERS cruise past in their own private quests. Raizo gets quick, easy bachelor food: six eggs, a single stick of butter, several handfuls of noodle packages.
3) 0) text: Raizo waits while the CHECKER - a pretty young woman - tallies up his groceries.
3) 2) text: Are you a student? Tourist?   Here on business? Raizo shakes his head to all three.
3) 9) dialog: I don't think so. Sorry. No smile. No emotion in Raizo's face. He pays in cash. He picks up the bag and starts away when --
3) 11) dialog: Waiting.
3) 13) dialog: For the wheel to turn. And he exits.
4) 0) text: Ancient gateway between Asia and Europe. Minarets thrust up from the tangled streets into the bright Aegean sky. The street is crowded with bicycles, cars and motorcycles as Raizo makes his way down a narrow sidewalk.
4) 9) text: The clan mummers "welcome Raizo", bowing their heads. One head remains upright, looking him in the eye. roughly his own age. Her name is Kiriko.
6) 2) text: Raizo turns to his LANDLADY, an older woman who looks up at him from the top of the stairwell.
6) 4) text: Raizo nods, his expression not betraying the sudden tightness in his chest at this information.
6) 5) dialog: Is everything all right?
6) 9) dialog: Ms. Ali, my privacy is very important to me. If you enter my apartment again without my permission, I will leave your building.
6) 13) dialog: Good day. He closes the door behind him.
7) 4) text: But, instead you fought. As you did here today. You fought. And you won. As we TRACK with Ozunu, we see that Raizo's body is covered in scars.
11) 0) text: Close on tokens being rammed down the mechanical throat of a washing machine. Overhead, the fluorescent lights STROBE unevenly, the fixtures old and in need of new bulbs. Raizo steps back as the washer begins to cycle loudly, a wheezbox instrument that rattles, gurgles and groans. As he looks at the machine we hear:
12) 0) text: A pretty young Japanese woman, the only other customer, calls to Raizo as she stands beside one of the dryers.
12) 3) dialog: ...sorry? She hands him one end of a freshly dried sheet.
12) 7) dialog: What clan are you from?
12) 10) dialog: You came alone. The Ozunu clan would never make such a mistake.
12) 11) text: Her eyes REACT as suddenly a blade flashes from beneath the sheet, reaching for Raizo's throat.
15) 0) text: A teapot begins to sing. Raizo pours the boiling water into a plastic bowl of noodles. He covers the bowl and waits a moment for the soup to cook. As he stares, we hear.
15) 12) text: The children look at each other, except for Raizo who stares at Ozunu.
15) 22) text: Ozunu watches from the far side of the room as Raizo takes his first step. Carefully. Graceful as any dancer. He makes no sound.
15) 24) text: He takes another step, and another.    Each soft as a falling feather. He is a third of the way across the floor - his body gleaming with sweat - when he steps wrong and the floor sings beneath him. Raizo stops, a flash of panic in his eyes. Then he subdues the emotion and obediently lifts the offending foot, holds it out as Ozunu rises and approaches. Ozunu lays open Raizo's foot with a bamboo rod.      Slas blows that leave deep cuts.
18) 0) text: Raizo walks down a street where repair work is being done. To keep cars from falling into the hole, they've covered the street with big steel plates. As the cars and trucks pass over the plates, they make a bump-thump sound. Bump-thump, bump-thump, bump-thump. We PUSH IN on Raizo under that sound. GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT    6/4/08   22A.
18) 2) dialog: You shouldn't do that. It's against the rules. If they catch you --
18) 4) dialog: They'll put you in the box.
18) 7) dialog: Trees don't have hearts.
18) 11) dialog: I don't.
18) 18) text: Raizo smiles despite himself.
18) 19) dialog: Liar.
21) 0) text: Raizo is practicing his chain form. We begin to hear the sounds of another fight. GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT    6/4/08   26.
24) 0) text: A shuriken blade grinds against a whetstone as Raizo sharpens the weapon with practiced grace...despite being blindfolded. Sunlight is held back by vertical blinds. When he finishes, he stands, a Rodin sculpted out of midnight. We realize there are wooden blocks placed around the room. In his palm, a single shuriken abruptly fans into many like a deck of cards. Suddenly his arm whips around as the shurikens crack and split the thick wooden targets. He stands alone, still blindfolded.
24) 8) text: Takeshi attacks again. While Raizo eludes or blocks several blows, for every two he manages to block, another connects.
24) 10) text: Raizo gets up, slowly releasing the tension in his jaw. He takes his position again, and this time the stance is easy, his expression softer. This time, as Takeshi comes at him, everything becomes clear. The whistle of the blade. The zip of the leg sweep against the tatami mat. The sound of his robe. Combined with Takeshi's unmistakable body odor Raizo has everything he needs to dodge, slip and counter.
27) 0) text: Raizo sits alone. Crossed-legged on the floor. Utterly still. There's an ocean of sound swirling around him.    The cacophony of Instanbul evening rush hour. Raizo starts to build a dam; auricular sandbags laid one by one, walling off the outside world. The traffic outside- horns, engines, squealing tires, rattling trucks chassis- all fade away. People shouting, singing. A couple next door making love. A baby wailing. Jackhammers pounding... Slowly, the world fades away, until there is only one sound. Faint, familiar, but almost too quiet to hear...
28) 0) text: Raizo walks through the crowded market. Shoppers, salesmen and tourists fill the narrow aisles between the stalls. FIVE CHILDREN- who we see only from the back- run past. Shouting laughing. The last one jostles against Raizo as he goes by. Raizo keeps walking, but he is holding an envelope in his hand. He slips it into his pocket.
29) 0) text: Raizo opens the envelope as he crosses the street. There's a square of paper inside, and a photograph. On the paper is a street address in Berlin. The photograph is a close-up of a woman's face... Mika.
30) 34) text: A moment later the DVD is playing, Raizo and the other ninja dancing through the shadows.
31) 0) text: Close on Raizo's fake passport.
31) 2) text: Raizo smiles
31) 3) dialog: Pleasure.
39) 3) dialog: You know me?
39) 5) dialog: How?
39) 8) dialog: You know about them?                                   *
39) 13) dialog: Nine.                                               *
39) 15) dialog: His name was Jin.                                   *
39) 17) dialog: He was not born an "Assassin".                      * She looks at the dead body.
39) 20) dialog: The clans have three kinds of                       * people! People with power.                          * People with money. Or people                        * hunting them.                                       *
39) 23) dialog: They're coming.
39) 25) dialog: The Hanta-Kirra.
39) 27) dialog: They won't stop until you are                         * dead.                                                 *
39) 29) dialog: The gun won't help you.
39) 31) dialog: I can help but you must tell me                       * something first.
39) 33) dialog: You saw Ms. Sabatin.                                  *
39) 35) dialog: I've been watching you, waiting                       * for them.                                             * She tries to compute the idea that he's been following her.
39) 38) dialog: Did she give you something?                          * She nods, Raizo's eyes lite up.
39) 39) dialog: You have them? Shakes her head "no."
39) 41) dialog: We need something black. Hurry!                      * She runs with the flashlight to a bureau. Inside is a black tablecloth. He pulls her shoes off.
39) 42) dialog: Follow me.    Step where I step.
48) 0) text: Raizo is silent.    Mika is driving.
48) 2) dialog: Not now.   Just drive.
48) 4) dialog: Does not matter. Just get as far away from here as fast as you can without drawing attention.
48) 6) dialog: I know they're following us.
48) 10) dialog: They have our scent.
48) 12) dialog: No. Like Wolves.
48) 15) dialog: I was one of them.
48) 17) dialog: ...something.
48) 20) text: Raizo does so. Looking around at the lights of Osaka, a city he has never seen before.
48) 22) text: Raizo nods faintly.
48) 26) text: Raizo nods again, then opens the door and steps out.
50) 0) text: Kingpin enters there is only one person in the bathroom- Raizo washing his hands. His eyes flash in the mirror, watching the Kingpin only after he has turned away. The enormous man steps into a stall. After a moment he begins to piss, moaning slightly as he does. Raizo hits the air dryer button.        The sound fills t room. A thin razor sharp blade flashes from his sleeve. The Kingpin continues to enjoy his piss but as we look at him we see the door behind him silently swing open, revealing Raizo. Raizo stares at the back of the man's head. He can almost see his jugular beating beneath the thick folds of his neck- But something prevents him from striking.
50) 4) text: Raizo strikes but the kingpin is able to deflect the blow which sinks into his enormous body. He laughs.
50) 6) text: He smashes a fist into Raizo that slams him backwards.
50) 8) text: Raizo attacks and it is immediately apparent that this is not going to be easy. Several ferocious blows that would have broken the neck of a smaller man, only seem to make the Kingpin madder. Soon both are covered in blood, and gore. But it is not until Raizo slams the man's head against the lip of the urinal- The first time a font blood splashing up-- The second time the porcelain shatters as the Kingpin's head opens, spilling black blood across the floor.
51) 0) text: It is raining. Raizo, still wearing his bloody clothes, climbs up onto the roof, his clothes spattered with gore. He waits as the shadows around him come to life: Ozunu, Takeshi, and several other clan members surround him. All but Ozunu wear their masks. Raizo extends his hand, revealing the black and gold watch, smeared with fresh blood. He offers it to Mr. Ozunu.
51) 10) text: Takeshi yanks the hood off revealing a young girl. is bloody, bound and gagged and for a flash- Raizo sees her as Kiriko.
51) 12) text: He unsheathes his blade, offering the hilt to Raizo.
51) 14) text: Raizo looks at the girl, her tears lost in the rain. We cannot tell if Raizo is crying as he takes the blade- He CRIES OUT, the light of madness in his eyes. He STRIKES, lashing out with the fury of a wild animal, at Ozunu -- -- who bends back with impossible grace.       But not fa enough.
52) 3) dialog: I know.
52) 8) dialog: Raizo...is the name I was given.
52) 20) dialog: Ninja only kill two kinds of people. The first kind has power and money. The other kind is trying to stop them. He nods, noticing shops out beyond the exit.
52) 21) dialog: Exit here.
54) 0) text: Raizo looks her over.
54) 2) dialog: You are a size 36?
54) 4) dialog: If you leave while I am gone they will catch you and kill you. He looks her in the eye.
54) 5) dialog: Do you understand that? She nods. He opens his door and slips out.
54) 8) dialog: We need a hotel.
56) 0) text: Raizo goes into the bathroom, and turns on the shower.
56) 1) dialog: Get undressed. Shower. Do not use the hotel soap. Or any towel. Do you smoke?
56) 4) dialog: Put your clothes in here.
57) 0) text: Outside the hotel, Raizo finds a pine tree.       He cuts several branches from it.
58) 4) dialog: What?
58) 6) dialog: I'm trying to save your life.
58) 9) dialog: Dry yourself with this.
58) 13) dialog: Get dressed.
58) 14) text: In the bedroom, Raizo is dressed in new clothes. He lights a cigarette as Mika come out struggling with the tightness of her new jeans.
58) 16) dialog: You said 34.
58) 22) dialog: Let's go.
59) 2) dialog: Most locks are not worth the metal they're made of.
59) 3) text: The trunk pops open. Raizo tosses their bag of clothes under the lid of the tire compartment. Then closes the door. He leads her down the parking lot sizing up the cars, until he finds one he likes.
59) 5) dialog: Just borrow it.
59) 7) dialog: Get in.
60) 0) text: Raizo takes out a small electrical device. He aims it at the dash and hits a button. The device finds the right frequency to start the car. She is impressed.
60) 3) dialog: At ninja school I minored in electrical engineering.
61) 1) dialog: Now we have some time.
61) 5) dialog: A day.    Maybe less.
61) 7) dialog: Make your call.
62) 6) text: She looks at Raizo.
63) 2) text: Raizo hesitates; an animal sensing danger.
63) 9) dialog: Why have you done this?
63) 13) dialog: People will die.
63) 17) text: An explosion of light; A firing line of kliegs all aimed at Raizo, each as bright as a slice of the sun.
63) 22) dialog: The clans have people everywhere.
63) 23) text: Raizo raises his hands slowly, a glance thrown like a shuriken at Maslow.
64) 0) text: Raizo is chained to the walls of a vault. Spread-eagled, double-locked, and lit from all sides so there are no shadows anywhere in the room. Raizo's head sags.   Eyes closed. Cameras stare at him.
65) 0) text: Classic Berlin aesthetic. A modern office shoe-horned into an abandoned building: cubicles, computers and Aeron chairs amidst crumbling walls. Maslow's team are hanging out there, thirty agents, a fairly competent and well-armed bunch. Maslow is inside the control room which is like a small construction trailer. Several different monitors have images of Raizo.
67) 0) text: Raizo remains motionless, his eyes open when he hears someone coming.
67) 1) dialog: You shouldn't do that they'll catch you.
67) 3) dialog: They'll put you in the box.
67) 7) dialog: I told you.   I tried to warn you.
67) 11) dialog: But you did it anyway.   Why?
68) 5) text: They stand near the door as Mika crosses to Raizo.
68) 9) dialog: I know.
68) 14) dialog: The only time you lied to me was when you told me your size.
68) 16) dialog: Your heart.   It is special.
68) 18) dialog: Hearts speak truer than tongues.
68) 21) dialog: It's too late. All that matters is the Rihla. Get the manuscript before they get here.
68) 23) dialog: Hurry.
70) 0) text: Raizo looks up.       His eyes narrow: they're here.
72) 2) text: Raizo's guards release their aim.
72) 10) text: In the back of his cell, Raizo's head lifts at the sound of Mika's voice.
72) 11) dialog: Mika!
72) 15) text: Raizo calls from behind the reinforced door.
72) 16) dialog: You've got to get out of here!
72) 19) text: Raizo's voice hangs in the gloom.
72) 20) dialog: Then we all die together.
74) 5) dialog: Mika?
74) 9) dialog: I don't want to sound critical--
74) 12) text: The leg irons click open and Raizo springs forward the chain of his handcuffs catching a falling blade. He twists and the ring of metal on metal is followed by the dry snap of bone as Raizo breaks the ninja's neck. She releases his handcuffs and they move quickly through the glistening remains of the bodies, Raizo shielding her from the darkness.
75) 0) text: The two sprint from a stairwell into a concourse, Raizo stopping suddenly, sensing the presence of the Hanta- Kirra. He pushes her toward another set of stairs.
75) 1) dialog: Go. Find Maslow.
75) 3) dialog: Go quick.
79) 0) text: Maslow moves cautiously through the folds of midnight. He hears the fighting before he can see it. Raizo blocks a sword-thrust from Takeshi. Dodges around a hail of shuriken. Uses his chain to drive another Ninja back. Takeshi rips free his left arm. Draws a short, angled blade and brings it slashing down at Raizo's neck... Raizo blocks the knife with his elbow, twists, throws Takeshi twenty feet through the air. He recovers mid- flight like a cat and regains his balance.
82) 0) text: Raizo parkours across the roofs, the Hanta Kirra close behind. Shuriken sizzle past; some missing, some lashing open whip cuts across his flesh.
83) 0) text: Raizo pulls free the shuriken in his side. Drops them to the ground where they clatter back and forth like so much tossed change. He looks up at winged victory silhouetted against the moonlight. And suddenly the ninja are on him. Raizo blocks and parries. Counterattacks with a reverse cut - and throws himself sideways as a truck comes roaring down at him. The truck fills the screen with lights and horns and three tons of death. Raizo cartwheels over the hood, forcing the Scarred Ninja to leap the other way, and as he turns -- -- Raizo comes down on him, slashing his shoulder.
84) 0) text: The fight is now two one against one, and one of them is Takeshi. Their swords crash back and forth, sending sparks flying. Raizo is tired, already wounded by the shuriken... With a cry, he hurls a second Ninja back and spins to face Takeshi... Too late. Takeshi's blade gets under his guard.       Ope up Raizo's side. His sword is ripped free from his hand, rebounds off a speeding sedan and clatters to the ground thirty feet away.
84) 4) text: Mika's car slashes across the width of the street screeching to a stop next to Raizo. The door snaps open.
84) 6) text: Raizo gets into the car. Collapses into the seat, arms wrapped tight around the ugly wound in his side. She peels away before the others can stop her. Mika carves a path through the traffic, driving as fast as she can. Eager to get more miles between them and the ninjas. Raizo lets out a gasp as the car goes over a bump. shirt is drenched with his own blood.
84) 8) dialog: ...waiting for you...
84) 10) dialog: No. Not a hospital.     Another place.
85) 2) text: He steps out of the way as Mika helps Raizo in, bloody and half-dead. GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT    6/4/08   79.
86) 0) text: Herbalist places herbs into a hand-grinder as Raizo staggers through the rows of bowls, grabbing what he needs and handing it to her.
86) 1) dialog: ...dong-xia leaves...three of the lo-chan...dragon root...
86) 4) dialog: No...it will save me....
86) 7) dialog: Hot water. She goes to a tea kettle, pours water into the bowl.   He reaches for it, and nearly collapses. She helps him raise the cup to his lips. Tilts it and watches him drink. Takes the empty cup away from him. Raizo shudders as the drugs course through him.
86) 8) dialog: I have to sleep now...a day at least. His eyelids flutter.    She's holding him up now - muscle already loosening.
86) 10) dialog: ...keep moving...
91) 0) text: In the bedroom, Raizo is sprawled out on the bed. She is wearing new clothes. She takes a drag on a cigarette then passes the smoke over her body.
94) 0) text: Raizo lies alone. The heavy shadows begin to undulate as the Hanta-Kirra emerge.
95) 5) dialog: ...no!
96) 1) dialog: Kiriko!   You can't leave!
96) 5) dialog: Why?
96) 7) dialog: The Hanta Kirra will come for you.
96) 9) dialog: You know the law. He will cut your heart from your chest.
96) 14) dialog: Where? What is out there?
96) 17) dialog: ...My life is here.
96) 19) dialog: Why are you doing this?
97) 0) text: Raizo drifts on the edge of consciousness. He can sense some light filtering through the edges and air holes. The air begins to smell familiar.
97) 9) text: Takeshi hides a smile as he takes the blade. Kiriko looks out into the clan and finds Raizo.      He c hear her heart pounding. Takeshi knows where she is looking as he prepares to strike. Blood pounds in Raizo's ears. The sword plunges into her heart.    Raizo hears it die- And feels his own heart stop.
98) 0) text: A bucket of water slaps Raizo awake. He's bound to a pole in the middle of the courtyard by thick rope that bites into his flesh. Ozunu stands before him, as well as the rest of the clan, down to the youngest of them. Watching silently. He looks the same as he has in the flashbacks - except that now an ugly scar runs diagonally across the length of his face. Trace of Raizo's blade from atop the building in Dubai. When he speaks, Ozunu is speaking for the benefit of the rest of the clan as to Raizo.
98) 5) text: He looks back at Raizo, approaching slowly.       Taking time.
98) 7) text: He hits Raizo.    Hard.
98) 9) text: He takes a knife, and very carefully cuts out a very small piece of Raizo's flesh, from the upper arm. Raizo doesn't cry out.
98) 11) text: He STRIKES Raizo as he did long ago, his hand jutting deep inside gut, flicking switches of nerves that cause instant agony. This time Raizo does cry out.
98) 13) text: He twists something in Raizo's belly and violent spasms wrack the young man's body. Blood burbles up through his mouth and flows down his chin.
98) 22) dialog: What took you?
98) 24) dialog: Just because I was asleep doesn't mean I couldn't hear you. Mika finishes with the rope. Raizo pulls free and reaches for a fallen ninja's sword and chain.
98) 25) dialog: And I forgive you. Mika looks back at the sound of GUNFIRE tearing apart another ninja. When she looks back -- -- Raizo is gone. GOLDENROD REVISED 2nd DRAFT    6/4/08    89.
99) 0) text: The fires are ripping through the interior, leaping from bamboo furniture to paper shoji screens to polished wooden floors as -- -- Raizo kicks down the burning wall of the empty dorm, the futons smoldering. Raizo continues into the next hall to find -- -- Takeshi waiting for him. An apparition in the wavering blaze of heat, silhouetted against a wall of fire.
100) 3) text: Raizo stops, considers this, then continues; his footsteps now bringing every sound possible. Ozunu steps out of the darkness, as though shrugging off a cloak of midnight.
100) 6) dialog: The breath I take after you are dead, will be the first of my life.
100) 7) text: Raizo unleashes all his fury: The chain cutting with the power of an enormous buzz saw-- Hacking timbers in half-- Carving scars in the floors and walls-- Braziers are thrown, fumes begin to spread but-- Ozunu blocks or evades, absorbing the assault patiently
101) 0) text: A portion of the Orphanage's wall burns through.        M spots Raizo through the flames. She runs for him.
102) 0) text: Raizo begins to weaken. An attack misses wrapping a beam and Ozunu has his opening- His assault is ferocious. Wounds begin opening like windows shears of blood billowing out. Raizo retreats, his chain just blocking, catching, or deflecting the whirlwind attack until-- One sound cuts through the furious fight. Snap-zoom to Ozunu's ear as-- The hammer is cocked, a cylinder spinning into place.
102) 4) text: A scatter shot of shurikens send her diving to the floor. But the distraction gives Raizo his chance. The blade whistles, the chain snaps and blood arcs out of Ozunu. Rage thunders the hall. Mika gets back up and aims but-- Ozunu seems to pull the shadows and smoke around him as he disappears.
102) 8) dialog: Mika! Run!
102) 10) dialog: Get away!
103) 4) text: He runs to her side as Raizo lays her gently on the ground.
103) 6) dialog: She saved my life.
103) 7) text: Raizo puts his hand on her chest. Closes his eyes. can FEEL her heart-beat. Bump-thump. Bump-thump. Raizo opens his eyes.
103) 8) dialog: She will be all right.
103) 10) text: Raizo touches her face as she takes in a sudden breath. He smiles distantly.
103) 11) dialog: Her heart is special.
103) 13) text: Several medics rush to them, Raizo gently laying her on the stretcher. As they immediately begin working on her, Raizo fades back. Maslow remains at her side. Her eyes flutter open.
104) 0) text: Raizo stands among the bound trees.
104) 1) dialog: You shouldn't do that.
104) 7) dialog: I don't.