24) 8) text: Takeshi attacks again. While Raizo eludes or blocks several blows, for every two he manages to block, another connects.
24) 10) text: Raizo gets up, slowly releasing the tension in his jaw. He takes his position again, and this time the stance is easy, his expression softer. This time, as Takeshi comes at him, everything becomes clear. The whistle of the blade. The zip of the leg sweep against the tatami mat. The sound of his robe. Combined with Takeshi's unmistakable body odor Raizo has everything he needs to dodge, slip and counter.
41) 3) dialog: Raizo.
41) 6) text: Takeshi nods turning to the windows.      He smiles; A hu who knows the hunt is almost over.
51) 0) text: It is raining. Raizo, still wearing his bloody clothes, climbs up onto the roof, his clothes spattered with gore. He waits as the shadows around him come to life: Ozunu, Takeshi, and several other clan members surround him. All but Ozunu wear their masks. Raizo extends his hand, revealing the black and gold watch, smeared with fresh blood. He offers it to Mr. Ozunu.
51) 8) text: Several of the other ninjas step back. Revealing Takeshi. He pushes a small hooded figure forward.
51) 10) text: Takeshi yanks the hood off revealing a young girl. is bloody, bound and gagged and for a flash- Raizo sees her as Kiriko.
63) 30) text: Kiriko is panting, covered in sweat and blood, standing over a bloody, beaten Takeshi.
63) 36) text: Takeshi prepares for the blow, but-- Kiriko drops the blade.
79) 0) text: Maslow moves cautiously through the folds of midnight. He hears the fighting before he can see it. Raizo blocks a sword-thrust from Takeshi. Dodges around a hail of shuriken. Uses his chain to drive another Ninja back. Takeshi rips free his left arm. Draws a short, angled blade and brings it slashing down at Raizo's neck... Raizo blocks the knife with his elbow, twists, throws Takeshi twenty feet through the air. He recovers mid- flight like a cat and regains his balance.
84) 0) text: The fight is now two one against one, and one of them is Takeshi. Their swords crash back and forth, sending sparks flying. Raizo is tired, already wounded by the shuriken... With a cry, he hurls a second Ninja back and spins to face Takeshi... Too late. Takeshi's blade gets under his guard.       Ope up Raizo's side. His sword is ripped free from his hand, rebounds off a speeding sedan and clatters to the ground thirty feet away.
84) 3) dialog: This is the end for you, brother.
97) 7) text: He unsheathes the ancient Wakizashi, then offers the hilt to Takeshi.
97) 9) text: Takeshi hides a smile as he takes the blade. Kiriko looks out into the clan and finds Raizo.      He c hear her heart pounding. Takeshi knows where she is looking as he prepares to strike. Blood pounds in Raizo's ears. The sword plunges into her heart.    Raizo hears it die- And feels his own heart stop.
98) 17) dialog: Father... Ozunu looks down and sees a tiny steel cylinder.    A single LED light blinking through the gore. He nudges it with his foot...and TIME SLOWS DOWN as he realizes what he's looking at. He slowly raises his eyes
99) 0) text: The fires are ripping through the interior, leaping from bamboo furniture to paper shoji screens to polished wooden floors as -- -- Raizo kicks down the burning wall of the empty dorm, the futons smoldering. Raizo continues into the next hall to find -- -- Takeshi waiting for him. An apparition in the wavering blaze of heat, silhouetted against a wall of fire.
99) 1) dialog: Come, little brother, let us play like old times They spring at other. Meeting in the middle of the hallway as the flames dance around them...recalling the lanterns they used to fight through, in the days of their training. Their weapons ring out a frenzied drum roll of steel on steel. Neither giving an inch. Evenly matched in skill and ferocity. Locking together for a moment Takeshi smiles.
99) 2) dialog: No death tasted as sweet as hers. Raizo's back glistens orange in the firelight, sweat pouring as he strains, attacks, defends and attacks again. Takeshi jumps over them, twists mid-air and ducks low beneath Raizo's swinging chain as -- -- Raizo stumbles back on the polished floor, blocking Takeshi's attack, but -- -- Takeshi catches his wrist in an iron grip. As he brings his sword around, Raizo gets a loop of chain around the blade and locks it tight. Both men spin in their sudden embrace.   Faces inches fro each other.
99) 3) dialog: I watched you die when I pierced her heart. You have always been too weak to be Ozunu. Takeshi's finger trips a hidden button on the sword.