1) 0) text: CAMERA FOLLOWS PUPKIN as he streaks out the door and jump into the adjacent doorway, immediately peering down the street. He spies the YOUNG MAN and RITA walking about three quarters of a block down and follows them, keeping out of sight. They turn occasionally to see if he's around, then stop turning. They go around the corner and disappear into a large apartment building. PUPKIN rushes after them,   positioning himself across from    the buil He searches   the windows for some clue as to    where th have gone.    Finally a set of lights go on on    the fou floor and a   MAN's shadow is seen closing two    sets of blinds.
1) 5) dialog: Welcome to the pleasure dome.
1) 7) dialog: (smiling)
1) 10) dialog: Your potion. Your drink.
1) 12) dialog: You from the South?
1) 14) dialog: That's what Southern people drink. Lots of bourbon.
1) 16) dialog: I make it a point to study things like that. It's important to know people's backgrounds, their tastes, their culture. It gives you a little head start. The YOUNG MAN turns from the bar and hands RITA her drink
1) 17) dialog: I'm Chet. Whom do I have the pleasure of serving?
1) 19) dialog: Pleased to meat you, Mary. (He lifts his glass) To our evening.
1) 32) dialog: Leisure is America's fastest growing industry. Did you know that? Think about it. Short work weeks, more vacation. People need something to do with all that time and that's where I come in. Leisure Villages, Inc. We buy land an hour or so outside your metropolitan centers. We set up the bungalows, dig some lakes, lay out a golf course, you know, fix the whole place up so it's usable. Then young, personable guys like me show the people around. It the guy seems tight, we point out the investment factor. If he's a swinger, well, the bungalows are very private. If he's a sports nut, we talk up skiing and fishing and tennis. The phonograph starts playing Burt Bachrach.
1) 33) dialog: What's your work, Mary? The YOUNG MAN walks back to her and stands over her.
1) 35) dialog: (delighted)
1) 38) dialog: Sandalwood incense. It seemed very you.
1) 44) dialog: Did you know that you have remarkable hair?
1) 46) dialog: Now?
1) 48) dialog: Why don't we make our own movie?
1) 50) dialog: Don't be so uptight. Give it a chance.
1) 52) dialog: We can go to the movies later. RITA pulls her hands away.
1) 54) dialog: You have something against pleasure?
1) 56) dialog: Shall I freshen up your drink? RITA shakes her head.
1) 57) dialog: (growing irritated)
1) 64) dialog: Look, if you've got sexual problems let's talk about them. It helps clear the air.
1) 66) dialog: Then it's me?
1) 68) dialog: Then find out. Sex is a great way of breaking down barriers.
1) 70) dialog: I'm sure this could lead to something beautiful. The YOUNG MAN kisses RITA roughly.
1) 71) dialog: Passive resistance, huh?
1) 73) dialog: What's wrong with me?
1) 75) dialog: I can see I'm not turning you on.
1) 78) dialog: Come on.   What's wrong with me?
1) 80) dialog: Yeah.
1) 86) dialog: I'm really a very sensitive person.
1) 88) dialog: Sometimes I write poetry. RITA pulls herself away.
1) 90) dialog: So you wanna play hard to get, huh? The YOUNG MAN grabs her.
1) 97) dialog: I admire you very much.    I respect you, Mary.
1) 100) dialog: I'm only doing what you want.
1) 107) dialog: Afterwards, you'll thank me. The buzzer sounds with great force.        It is one, lon protracted blast that breaks the YOUNG MAN's concentratio RITA takes advantage of the distraction to grab her bag and rush out as the buzzer continues to sound.
3) 400) dialog: Hey!   I'm watching this. RITA keeps staring at PUPKIN.
3) 402) dialog: I was here first, mister. You can't just walk in like this. It isn't fair. RITA glances at the MAN. PUPKIN can't      wait. He vault onto the bar and turns the set to the     Langford Show, as, on screen, he walks from the wings     onto the stage the applause of the studio audience.      Perched atop th standing next to the image of himself,     PUPKIN looks d RITA, a smile of pride and triumph on     his face.
3) 413) text: But I figured it this way: better to be King for a Night than Schmuck for a Lifetime. (audience and CUSTOMERS laugh)   Good night, ladies and gentlemen, and God bless you. The television audience applauds and the CUSTOMERS applau and cheer in good humor except for the MOUSY MAN. The HALF-STEWED MAN leans across his WOMAN to yell at PUPKIN as the two FRIENDS in windbreakers congratulate PUPKIN at the same time. There is a brief moment of carnival excitement.
3) 418) text: HALF-STEWED MAN of faces. (getting a little angry) I told you to shut up about         MOUSY MAN my brother. (to PUPKIN)       Well, if nobody She doesn't know nuthin'.     minds ... PUPKIN takes all this praise and excitement with a shy smile of satisfaction, glancing at RITA from time to time for her reaction. She merely stares at PUPKIN with a sad expression on her face.