58) 0) text: Captain Muffy, Doc and Gwenovier enter and head tor some CAMERA swings a 180 and moves down the aisle, towards the as Frank speaks -- 
60) 4) text: She moves towards a row and takes a seat next to Captain and Doc, speaks sotto again; 
92) 0) text: She enters a psychologist's waiting room. Three or four c and a LIGHT SWITCH that has a doctors name next to it. ECU - She flips the switch and a red light goes on. 
98) 0) text: CAMERA pulls back from Frank, who heads offstage.  The AU applauding him.  The sidekick, DOC takes the mic and make announcement about the one hour break/snacks served in lo Frank hops offstage, greets Captain Muffy and Gwenovier;
166) 0) text: CAMERA pushes in on DOC, who's speaking to a group of Fra disciples.  He's blah-blah-blahing about Seduce and Desto
166) 5) dialog: No, you need to do it.
166) 6) text: His CEL PHONE rings and he excuses himself. DOC (into phone)  Thisz Doc.
167) 6) dialog: What happend?
176) 0) text: CAMERA (STEADICAM) follows/leads DOC as he walks from the to the elevators...this is one continuous shot...as he ge elevator's and rides up, talking on the cel phone. 
176) 7) dialog: What happend? 
176) 10) text: The Elevator doors DING and OPEN and Doc steps out -- hea hallway towards the suite -- 
176) 12) dialog: Yeah, I'm here, I'm off the elevator, walking down the hall, now --
178) 0) text: CAMERA (STEADICAM) following Doc as he walks swiftly down hallway towards the suite -- 
184) 0) text: CAMERA moving quick with Doc towards the room.  Frank and step out of the room and Doc holds up the Cel Phone....st
189) 0) text: CAMERA holds on Frank in close up, he's on the phone. Doc and Captain Muffy stand with him in the stairwell. 
197) 0) text: Frank on the phone with Janet, Captain Muffy and Doc in s
204) 0) text: Frank listens on the phone to dead air....hold a long mom He hands the phone back to Doc;
211) 7) text: Frank drops the microphone and walks off stage...Audience with confusion, etc.  Doc and Captain Muffy frantic, etc. heads off -- slight look across the reception hall to see He's gone. 
282) 0) text: Donnie starts to climb up a ladder attached to the side  of the building....near the loading dock area....
291) 0) text: CAMERA is with Linda and DOCTORS as they PUMP HER STOMACH Follow the process and get to point where it's clear that she is going to make it, she will not die. 
296) 0) text: CAMERA looking down the long emergency room corridor as t open and Frank enters and moves to the reception desk, as information --  CAMERA pans off him, and over to a room, looking through jam onto Linda in bed.  Her eyes a bit open, respiratory attached to her.  A DOCTOR standing over her, calmly aski
296) 2) text: She nods her head.  Doctor continues talk, etc.  Frank, f behind enters FRAME and stands off nearby.  MATCH TO DIXO