71) 0) text: Quick shots get them in the room:  DR. LANDON (40s) sits across from LINDA, who's in semi-hysterics, pacing; 
71) 2) dialog: I can help you through this the  best I know how but there are certain things you are gonna have to be  strong about and take care of, now we can go over them, but I need to  know that you're listening to me, ok? 
71) 4) dialog: Well that's what Hospice will take care of for you.  They will send a nurse, someone  who can take care of all of that for you -- 
71) 6) dialog: Phil's one of the nurses from the service? 
71) 8) dialog: If you're happy with Phil taking care of him and helping you, that's fine,  but contact Hospice to arrange for the body -- 
71) 10) dialog: We can fix that, because I can give you -- are you listening? 
71) 12) dialog: Do you wanna sit down? 
71) 14) dialog: Ok. Linda:  Earl is not gonna make it. He's dying. He is.  He is dying very, very rapidly -- 
71) 16) dialog: Now the thing here is making that experience  as painless and easy as possible for him,  you understand?  Now you need to get in touch  with Hospice care because they can take care of all those practical things that you're asking  me about -- they are who you call when he dies. 
71) 18) dialog: This is the number for Hospice. Ok. Now. As far as the morphine pills go, there is something else to consider that can take the pain away that he is in, there is a very strong and very potent solution of liquid morphine....it's a little bottle, with an eye dropper and it's easy to get in his mouth and drop on his tounge and  it will certainly diminish the pain that he is in but you have to realize that once you give it to him; there really  is no coming back, I mean, it will certainly cure his pain, but he will float in and  out of consciousness, even worse than he is now, Linda.  I mean, any sign of the  recognizable Earl will pretty much go away -- 
71) 20) dialog: The job here is to make him as comfortable  as possible -- right now -- our job is to just try and make it as painless as possible. Right?  You understand? 
71) 21) text: CAMERA pushes into an EXTREME CLOSE UP on Dr. Landon's ha the perscription for the liquid morphine....hands it to L