0) 925) dialog: You're an American?
0) 926) text: BILLY is interrupted but keeps his eyes on the ground.   AHMET doesn't wait for an answer.
0) 927) dialog: Ah yes, America!  My name is Ahmet.   I studied philosophy at Harvard  for many many years. But actually  Oxford is my real Alma  Mata -    I've also studied in Vienna. Now I  study here.
0) 929) dialog: ...They put me here. They say I  raped a little boy. I have been  here very long time. They will  never let me go.
0) 931) dialog: They won't let YOU go either.
0) 933) dialog: No, they'll never let you go.   They tell you they let you go but  you stay. You never go from here.
0) 935) dialog: You see we all come from a factory.  Sometimes the factory makes bad  machines that don't work. They put  them here. The bad machines don't  know they're bad machines, but the  people at the factory know. They  know one of the machines that  doesn't work...
0) 936) text: They walk on.  Ahmet's expression changes.
0) 937) dialog: (polite) I think we have spoken enough for  today.  I say good night to you.
0) 991) text: AHMET Slides up next to BILLY in his rags.
0) 992) dialog: Good morning, my American friend!   There will be trouble if you go  this way. A good Turk always walks  to the right. Left is communist.   Right is good. You must go the  other way... It's Good.   
0) 993) text: More LUNATICS join the flow, gesturing or grunting at BIL BILLY STOPS, turns, looks at the rest of them slogging in the usual direction, looks as if he 'sees' them; and he  walks out of the wheel, towards the stairs. AHMET curious about his unusual behavior, follows BILLY.
0) 994) dialog: Why you go?  Why don't you walk  the wheel with us? (suspiciously leaning  forward, suddenly  realizing the answer) The bad machine doesn't know he's  a bad machine. You still don't  believe it? You still don't believe  you're a bad machine?
0) 995) text: BILLY stops and turns to look at AHMET at the base of the STAIRS. BILLY carries on up the stairs.
0) 996) dialog: (shakes his head) To know oneself is to know God, my  friend. The factory knows.  That's  why they put you here. You'll see.   You'll find out. Later on you'll  know.
0) 997) text: BILLY stops and turns to look at AHMET.  His eyes glint  with special knowledge and he takes AHMET into his  confidence using the latter's tone of voice: