0) 217) text: Then: ERICH - a gentle long bird's face. Long whitish-blo hair, Swedish, well above six feet, 25. Another FACE moves into view JIMMY BELL, American, 23 fie eyes, black hair and moustache, intense, strong.
0) 223) text: BELL eases BILLY up from the bed, as ERICH puts a pair of clip-clops on his feet.
0) 224) dialog: Okay?
0) 226) dialog: How's it feel?
0) 231) dialog: (smiling) Just Erich.
0) 236) text: Helps him with ERICH to take the first steps. THE COURTYARD. The THREE of them emerge in a thin AFTERNO sun, Billy now disengaging and hobbling on his own power.
0) 237) dialog: (watching Billy  limp) Feeling all right?
0) 244) text: Glances at ERICH.
0) 268) dialog: (his English is  halting but has a  calming effect) Don't pay too much attention,  anything is possible in Turkey.  You might get bail.
0) 270) dialog: ...If you make bail, you're free.  You can get a fake passport or  sneak across the border to Greece.  The Greeks hate the Turks so much  they never send you back. The Turks  know it. They just keep the bail.  money.
0) 272) dialog: The law is sometimes wrong.
0) 275) dialog: New people sometimes get on his  nerves.
0) 279) dialog: Jimmy has more balls than brains.  He didn't tell his parents he was  in jail for a year and a half.  He  says he got himself in and now  he's going to get himself out.
0) 280) text: He shakes his head, looking at: BELL him across the courtyard huddling with a cigarette,  bartering angrily. a raggedy GUARD giving him a cigarette bartering angrily. BILLY and ERICH.
0) 282) dialog: Hashish.  Ninety percent of the  foreigners are in for hashish.
0) 285) dialog: (passive) Twelve years.
0) 288) dialog: A hundred grams.
0) 290) text: Even ERICH has to smile now.
0) 291) dialog: There is no fair in Turkey, Billy.   It's all "sula-bula" like this,  like that. An Italian hippie had a  car accident and a Turk was killed.  SO, they threw him in here for six  months...
0) 293) dialog: But he was eating lunch a mile  away when the Turk smashed into  killed himself.
0) 295) dialog: (shakes his head) Aslan, there... (points)
0) 297) dialog: Killed a guy. But his father's a  big gangster on the docks.  A  "Kapidiye."  He'll stay in... twelve  months no more, and get parole. In  Turkey, murder is manly - "erkek".
0) 298) text: ERICH Glances back at BILLY
0) 299) dialog: You just got to get yourself a  good lawyer.  And some money...  Talk to Max.  He's been in the  longest.
0) 301) dialog: Seven years...
0) 303) text: ERICH and BILLY who watches repelled as MAX fumbles with piece of twine tied around his arm in a tourniquet,  searching for an unused spot amid dirty infected track  marks. PLUNGES the needle in, pumping in the black gunk.  Glances at BILLY.
0) 306) dialog: Lawyers?
0) 309) dialog: His name?
0) 311) dialog: The lawyer?
0) 314) dialog: Who got the Frenchman out?
0) 376) text: THE COURTROOM - monolithic, frightening, immense with cro currents of greenish light from the enormous windows.   People seem insignificant. THE PROSECUTOR, wearing dark green glasses, continues,  scowling, gesturing profusely at: BILLY in the PRISONERS DOCK, baroque design, isolated.   Doesn't understand a thing, Erich's extra-large blue pin- striped suit makes him look rather absurd. HIS FATHER, CONSUL DAVIS, YESIL and ANOTHER LAWYER are  seated together at the defence table conferring in low  tones with each other. YESIL looks over at BILLY with a  big reassuring grin, nods his head - nothing to worry abo TURKISH GIRL from the Press with a yellow legal pad, make notes in the Spectator Gallery. Her legs flare out from a short skirt. BILLY pries his eyes away to: PROSECUTOR continuing in front of the THREE JUDGES high o an Alice in Wonderland podium wearing long black robes  with scarlet collars. One of the Judges is bald, the othe has his eyes closed, could be asleep. The CHIEF JUDGE in  the middle has a sagging somewhat kindly face and short  grey hair.  A YOUNG MAN below the podium, is clacking at  an ancient typewriter on a small table.
0) 414) text: The CAMERA DRIFTS around the SECOND STORY KOGUS revealing the sleepers: ERICH, BELL, MAX...
0) 425) text: BELL across the pointyard grins at him and points him out to BILLY, and ERICH.
0) 432) text: Suddenly a CRY OFF and: THE TURK runs up, pulling a sharp SHIV from his pants, an using the cloth as a handle he repeatedly STABS BELL in  the ass and backs of his thighs. One, two, three, four,  five QUICK STABS, like a cook hammering veal. In spite of its violence, the action seems like slapstick. BELL tumbles to the ground, crying out. THE TURK stashes the shiv and disappears among his FRIEND his honor restored. BILLY and ERICH run over to help BELL who is obviously  more in pain than in danger.
0) 434) text: LONG SHOT - HAMIDOU and ASLAN the young fat Turkish gangs pointed out previously by Erich, are taking tea together  in the FIRST STORY KOGUS alone except for ZIATR and  Hamidou's two FAT SONS, 7 and 8 years old, both dressed i little suits listening politely as Hamidou gestures to  them, in couched terms. The voices are distant and, after a few beats, UNDER BILLY'S VOICE:
0) 571) text: ERICH uses a coarse washing sponge on BILLY's back.
0) 573) text: EYES of the ARABS peer through the musky vapors at Billy  and Erich; they loll about the door curious, lecherous fo their bodies.
0) 576) text: ERICH leans forward and kisses a tentative BILLY on the  lips.  A gentle kiss. They are standing inside the TOILET STALL; lower themselves down onto the seat. ERICH looks  back over his shoulder, guarding their privacy. It is lat NIGHT.
0) 578) text: BILLY closes his eyes, softly - and with hesitation -  returns ERICH's caress. Their hands probe each other's  bodies.
0) 582) text: BILLY rises gracefully onto his toes, stretching his arms out above his head. It is the beginning posture, his body greeting the day. BILLY and ERICH sit silently now in lotus position, facin each other, breathing slowly, relaxing minds still, looki into each other's eyes. Billy closes eyes.