0) 340) text: YESIL moves forward. unctuous. bubbling with high spirits profusely shaking BILLY's hand, exuding confidence in  fractured English,
0) 341) dialog: Vilyum, I am Necdit Yesil.
0) 343) dialog: I know exactly what you feel but  you must not worry, we are acting  immediately, we get the right court,  the right judge,  I arrange  everything - just right.  And I  think we get you bail. If very  bad, maybe twenty month sentence...  But I think we get you bail...
0) 345) dialog: (reassuringly) You know I have lectured at the  University of Maryland in your  country?  Also University Michigan  Very nice country. We both go back. (smiles)
0) 351) text: A pause. YESIL Shifts, Throats are cleared. BILLY moves t sit down, limping faintly; he is wearing sneakers and the bruises don't show.
0) 370) text: Glances at DAVIS, YESIL back to his father, his voice  beginning to tremble, ashamed of himself for letting it  show.
0) 372) text: ANOTHER ANGLE. The FATHER understands the desperation in  his voice, puts his hand on his son's. FATHER I promise you, Billy. Just sit tight and don't..  DON'T do anything stupid.  Let me work with Mr. Yesil and Mr. Davis.  We'll get you out... Okay?  Billy, okay? All the assurance of the world is written in this kindly  Irishman's face. BILLY feels it. BILLY being led by TWO GUARDS down a huge arched CORRIDOR in the COURTROOM BUILDING.
0) 376) text: THE COURTROOM - monolithic, frightening, immense with cro currents of greenish light from the enormous windows.   People seem insignificant. THE PROSECUTOR, wearing dark green glasses, continues,  scowling, gesturing profusely at: BILLY in the PRISONERS DOCK, baroque design, isolated.   Doesn't understand a thing, Erich's extra-large blue pin- striped suit makes him look rather absurd. HIS FATHER, CONSUL DAVIS, YESIL and ANOTHER LAWYER are  seated together at the defence table conferring in low  tones with each other. YESIL looks over at BILLY with a  big reassuring grin, nods his head - nothing to worry abo TURKISH GIRL from the Press with a yellow legal pad, make notes in the Spectator Gallery. Her legs flare out from a short skirt. BILLY pries his eyes away to: PROSECUTOR continuing in front of the THREE JUDGES high o an Alice in Wonderland podium wearing long black robes  with scarlet collars. One of the Judges is bald, the othe has his eyes closed, could be asleep. The CHIEF JUDGE in  the middle has a sagging somewhat kindly face and short  grey hair.  A YOUNG MAN below the podium, is clacking at  an ancient typewriter on a small table.
0) 380) text: The JUDGES exit. ANOTHER ANGLE, General commotion in the courtroom as peop move about. The FATHER and DAVIS and the OTHER LAWYER  consult among themselves, the FATHER vigorously nodding  his head.  YESIL approaches BILLY. BILLY leans forward anxiously in the dock.
0) 382) dialog: (hurried) It's not important, just technical  things. We make our case.  You  were very good, you spoke well.   The Judge like you. It look good.  Don't worry.
0) 384) text: But YESIL is called over by the other LAWYER and hurries  off.  A SOLDIER comes over and sits BILLY down.
0) 389) text: BILLY looking at the JUDGE doesn't understand. Thinks he  might be free.  But suddenly TWO SOLDIERS move in, and  start chaining his hands together. He is bewildered, look at: YESIL hastily conferring with Billy's FATHER, more concer about making a good impression with him than with Billy.
0) 392) dialog: (quickly) We appeal it.
0) 393) text: BILLY watching this, a lost look. FATHER is too shocked to do anything but look at YESIL wh continues on:
0) 394) dialog: You will see, he will have maybe  one year taken off this sentence  for good behaviour. Remember, it  is only for possession; the  prosecutor wanted life sentence  for smuggling... (a smile) To be honest Mr. Hayes, it is a  great victory!
0) 509) dialog: (smiling) The new American Ambassador here  is following your case very closely.   He says there is progress. But  there is another route that is  quite possible... (lowers his voice  and leans close) ...For the proper amount of money  it is possible I can convince  certain officials to lose track of  your papers before the High Court  in Ankara confirms the sentence of  the Lower Court in Istanbul... You  would not exist; and you could be  in Greece by the time the Turkish  courts discovered a stupid clerical  mistake...But I have to act before  the official sentence is handed  down, and for that I must pay  certain officials in advance...
0) 510) text: BILLY closes his eyes as YESIL'S VOICE drones on, explain the details, the cast, the simplicity Of it,  FADING OUT 
0) 628) text: YESIL the lawyer; DAVIS the consul. THE PRESS GIRL from the previous trial in the short skirt
0) 631) text: YESIL looks over, surprised he is talking like this. Look at DAVIS. BILLY.
0) 640) text: SILENCE in the uncomfortably. courtroom.  PEOPLE looking  at each other DAVIS looks down. YESIL flips some pages abstractedly.