17) 56) text: Book stares at him in surprise, speaks over his shoulder Carter.
17) 58) dialog: I didn't even know about it.
17) 62) text: A beat, then Sam crosses quickly to Carter, Book's rather slightly built partner:
17) 66) text: Samuel gives his mother a helpless look; exasperated, Rac intervenes with Book. She glances at Carter:
20) 0) text: Book drives around 13th Street, a ravaged corridor betwee neon lit restaurants, bars, porno shops and darkened  storefronts. Carter sits beside him, Rachel and her son in the back se looking out at the assorted array of desperate characters huddled in doorways or wandering aimlessly about. On the  POLICE RADIO a description of the cop killing is BROADCAS EVERY FEW MINUTES.
20) 1) dialog: I got there late, John.
20) 3) dialog: (grimly) It won't happen again.
23) 0) text: Book's car pulls up outside the bar and he and Carter get out, and move swiftly inside.
24) 0) text: Sixty black faces stare as the police enter. A hush falls the group. Book and Carter spot their man at the bar and  move up either side of him. They've moved carefully to th point... no mistakes. From the back, the black man they'v approached certainly looks like he could be the man who d the killing of Zenovitch. And, as Book and Carter make th move...
25) 0) text: As Book and Carter explode through the door of the bar,  violently propelling Coalmine along with them. Now we see Coalmine is not the killer. As Book and Carter escort Coalmine out of the bar a polic squad car pulls up, its headlights shining into Book's ca An alarmed Rachel holds Samuel close as Book forces Coalm face down next to the car window.
25) 4) text: Crazy as Rasputin on speed and booze, Coalmine glares at  Samuel inside the car: Samuel, white-faced, finally shakes his head in the negat Coalmine tries to twist free of Book's grip. Book snaps, slams Coalmine's skull into the window edge, finally crus his face up against the front window. His face takes on a grotesque shape against the glass. Carter restrains his  partner and Book cools down. Coalmine is led stumbling aw by the uniformed police. This sudden show of violence has horrified and angered Rachel, and she glares at Book as h gets back in the car.
27) 3) text: Book and Carter exchange a glance.
29) 0) text: Carter exits the cafe carrying burgers, donuts and a coup of beers. Book wakes from a brief nap as Carter gets into the car. Book chews into his burger while Carter takes a doughnut. Its clear they've worked through the night.
46) 1) dialog: Yeah...
46) 4) dialog: What the hell are you talking about? What's happening.
46) 6) dialog: (alarmed) Johnny, what the fuck?
46) 10) dialog: (beat) I hear you.
51) 4) text: A couple of plainclothesmen have paused outside the door give him a look. Meets their eyes. They move on. Carter shakes it off, goes. And...
63) 15) text: Standing in his doorway are the two plainclothesmen who  spotted Carter in Book's office in the earlier scene. And
78) 1) dialog: Yeah?
78) 4) dialog: Johnny! Where the hell have you been?
78) 6) dialog: (low, urgent) Too hot. Don't do it. Don't come in.
78) 8) dialog: Listen, Johnny, don't do anything  stupid. You couldn't get within a  mile of Schaeffer right now. So stay  put... Stay in touch В– I'll let you  know when maybe it makes sense.
78) 10) dialog: (edgily) You hear me?
78) 12) dialog: That's more like it. (and) Where are you at, anyway?
78) 15) dialog: (uncomprehending) Say again?
89) 0) text: Carter sits, Schaeffer prowls... slowly, letting silences grow before he strikes again with another softly-snarled  question or statement.
89) 2) dialog: Wrong.
89) 4) dialog: (cool) Probably.
89) 7) dialog: (shakes head) I admit I don't know where he is.
89) 9) dialog: (sighing) He's got my number.
89) 10) text: Schaeffer stops, stands in front of Carter, takes a deep  breath... suddenly smiles. And is abruptly (as he is capa of being) the man of charm and gentlemanly reason. He eve CHUCKLES as he begins:
89) 12) text: Schaeffer CHUCKLES again, looks hopefully again at Carter Carter looks back, stony-eyed. Schaeffer makes another ab shift in form... but still speaks softly.
89) 14) dialog: What I know, Paul, is... (nodding his head) He's going to take you out...