6) 1) dialog: TIGHTENING to her as the hymn continues...
7) 1) dialog: Where she sits among women, accepting their condolences.
7) 7) text: The others chuckle. But Hochstetler's attention is still Rachel.
7) 8) dialog: As Hochstetler looms on the horizon, plants himself like tree in front of her. At ease as he was with the men, he's a bit awkward at thi All the women, very much aware of Hochstetler's availabil tune in as Rachel looks up.
7) 10) dialog: I'm sure he does, Daniel.
10) 0) text: Daniel Hochstetler moves through the crowd on the plat-fo Rachel turns surprised, as he approaches, a faint color c to her cheek.
10) 1) dialog: Daniel?
10) 7) text: Rachel embraces Eli.
10) 10) dialog: I need time, Daniel.
13) 4) dialog: I see, darling.
16) 2) dialog: Of course not. We're going to  Baltimore. It's much nicer in  Baltimore.
16) 3) text: And Rachel draws her son closer, turning her back on the  window.
17) 0) text: Rachel is in a line at one of the counters. The plain dre of the two Amish В– particularly Samuel's black coat and В– are drawing curious stares.
17) 5) dialog: We have a ticket to Baltimore. Where  is that train, please?
17) 7) text: He starts to go without his hat, but Rachel collars him a puts it on his head.
17) 45) dialog: Immediately alarmed, intervening.
17) 46) dialog: What do you want of my son?
17) 49) dialog: Samuel. Samuel Lapp. (then, quickly) But what happened here is none of  his affair. My sister is expecting  me... our train is leaving soon.
17) 67) dialog: May I talk to you?
17) 68) text: As Rachel takes Book aside, and in a low voice:
17) 69) dialog: Zwartich. It's the way we say...  dwarf. (glances at Carter) Not like him... very big.
17) 75) text: As Book steps aside with Donahue... In the b.g. Rachel mo protectively to Samuel's side.
17) 81) dialog: (reassuring, but hardly  in her own mind) No... No. It is just the English  way.
20) 0) text: Book drives around 13th Street, a ravaged corridor betwee neon lit restaurants, bars, porno shops and darkened  storefronts. Carter sits beside him, Rachel and her son in the back se looking out at the assorted array of desperate characters huddled in doorways or wandering aimlessly about. On the  POLICE RADIO a description of the cop killing is BROADCAS EVERY FEW MINUTES.
20) 4) dialog: Where are you taking us?
20) 6) dialog: You have no right to keep us here.
20) 8) dialog: You don't understand, we have nothing  to do with your laws!
20) 10) dialog: It's not a joke.
20) 15) dialog: He wants to know who you are. Your  name. I told him we don't need to  know anything about you.
25) 0) text: As Book and Carter explode through the door of the bar,  violently propelling Coalmine along with them. Now we see Coalmine is not the killer. As Book and Carter escort Coalmine out of the bar a polic squad car pulls up, its headlights shining into Book's ca An alarmed Rachel holds Samuel close as Book forces Coalm face down next to the car window.
25) 4) text: Crazy as Rasputin on speed and booze, Coalmine glares at  Samuel inside the car: Samuel, white-faced, finally shakes his head in the negat Coalmine tries to twist free of Book's grip. Book snaps, slams Coalmine's skull into the window edge, finally crus his face up against the front window. His face takes on a grotesque shape against the glass. Carter restrains his  partner and Book cools down. Coalmine is led stumbling aw by the uniformed police. This sudden show of violence has horrified and angered Rachel, and she glares at Book as h gets back in the car.
25) 5) dialog: John Book, you listen to me! I will  have no further part in this, nor  will my son! As God stands between  us!
27) 0) text: Rachel and Sam recoil as the Doorman opens the door. He i puzzled by the sight of the reluctant guests.
27) 2) dialog: No! We do not stay in hotels.
28) 18) dialog: Yes, thank you very much.
28) 20) dialog: Yes.
28) 22) text: She nods and goes. Rachel crosses to Samuel, sits on the bed. Samuel looks u at her bleakly.
28) 24) dialog: They are English. They don't  understand.
28) 26) dialog: (swallows) I know. Sleep now, Liebchen.
31) 12) text: Rachel turns cheerily.
31) 13) dialog: Good morning.
31) 15) dialog: I wanted to. you were kind to take  us in last night. (and) Anyway, I needed something to do. I  was so angry with your brother. He's  so... agaanisish!
31) 18) dialog: Just a minute. I'll pour you some  coffee.
31) 20) dialog: (smiles) I made it a contest... the one who  does best gets his cereal back first. (and) Children like to help... they only  need to be kept after a little bit.
31) 21) text: Rachel means no harm by this, but Elaine's eyes begin to  storm.
31) 23) text: Rachel's smile fades at Elaine's trembling outburst:
31) 24) dialog: Please, I didn't mean...
31) 25) text: Abruptly Elaine rises and snatches the mop from Rachel's  hands. She mops furiously as she Continues:
31) 29) text: Rachel is speechless, Elaine is on the point of bursting  into tears. At which point Fred appears at the entry in h undershirt, taking in the sparkling kitchen.
31) 35) text: Unperturbed, he crosses to the counter and the coffee pot letting his eyes take in Rachel's full figure.
32) 0) text: As Rachel comes in with Elaine's coffee, closes the door  behind her. Elaine is lying across the bed, sobbing.
32) 1) dialog: I brought your coffee.
32) 3) dialog: I'm sorry. I didn't mean it that  way.
32) 6) text: She takes the cup, sips the coffee. Rachel smiles at a pr thought.
32) 8) dialog: Fred. The way he looked when you  screamed at him.
32) 10) dialog: At home you'd never hear a woman  scream at a man that way.
32) 12) dialog: You just wouldn't. It's not the Amish  way. (then) But I think it would have done me  good if I could have screamed at  your brother last night.
32) 14) text: Rachel smiles.
32) 15) dialog: Okay.
33) 0) text: Book glances irritably at Rachel:
33) 2) dialog: The problem is I don't happen to  think my son should be spending all  his time with a man who carried a  gun under his coat and goes around  whacking people.
33) 5) dialog: (firmly) Yes. And I also want to leave this  city.
33) 7) dialog: We do not go into your courts.
33) 9) text: Rachel glares at him and the ride continues on that chill note for a beat.
33) 11) dialog: (snaps) No you're not В– (off his look) You're glad, because now you've got  a witness. (and) I heard the other police talking  last night. (and) They don't seem to like you very  much.
33) 13) dialog: (glances at him) I would not be too sure.
33) 15) dialog: He says you look very tired. I thought  the same thing.
33) 17) dialog: But not a good tired.
34) 0) text: Samuel sits with Book at a desk, Rachel just behind. They are looking at a police line-up of known black drug-deale Samuel shakes his head В– another negative. Book winks, slyly reaches into a pocket, produces a yello gumball. He surreptitiously shows it to Samuel, gives him inquiring look. It's a peace offering. Samuel grins, nods imperceptibly.
34) 1) text: As Book rolls the gumball down the table to Samuel. But j as Samuel is about to cover it with his hand, Rachel reac over and plucks it off the table. She shakes her head at  Samuel.
35) 0) text: Book, Sam and Rachel sit on a park bench eating a lunch o hot dogs heaped with kraut. Book watches with amusement as Samuel wolfs down his lunc Rachel eyes him a beat. then:
35) 1) dialog: Your sister said you don't have a  family?
35) 3) dialog: She thinks you should get married  and have children of your own. Instead  of trying to be a father to hers.  Except she thinks you're afraid of  the responsibility.
35) 6) dialog: Oh yes. She thinks you like policing  because you think you're right about  everything. And you're the only one  who can do anything. And that when  you drink a lot of beer you say things  like none of the other police would  know a crook from a... um... bag of  elbows.
35) 7) text: Book is staring at her. Rachel nods.
35) 8) dialog: I think that's what she said.
35) 9) text: Just then Samuel belches with huge satisfaction, drawing  looks from Book and a couple of passersby. Rachel smiles  proudly.
35) 10) dialog: Good appetite.
36) 0) text: Rachel sits uneasily in the outer office, one or two poli clerks eyeing her curiously. A sign on the desk reads  "Narcotics Division." Rachel cranes forward trying to peer through a partially  open door.
40) 0) text: Rachel is curled tight in her corner of the front seat ho Samuel close. Book glances at her:
40) 1) dialog: Why don't you arrest that man? Are  you protecting him because policeman?
40) 3) text: Rachel shakes her head.
40) 4) dialog: But why would they murder...
40) 6) dialog: (beat, then) I'm afraid. I'm afraid for Samuel. I  want to go home.
40) 12) text: Suddenly Rachel explodes:
40) 13) dialog: Oh yes! Of Course. Why shouldn't we  feel safe in a city where the police  are so busy killing each other!
47) 0) text: As the door opens and Elaine switches on the light, rousi Rachel. Elaine looks haggard.
47) 2) text: She leaves the room as Rachel instantly awake, moves quic to rouse Samuel.
50) 0) text: As he drives across town. Samuel is curled up asleep, his head on Rachel's lap.
50) 1) dialog: Where are you taking us now?
50) 3) dialog: You couldn't wait until morning?
50) 5) dialog: (insistent) What happened?
50) 9) dialog: You said we would be safe in  Philadelphia.
50) 11) text: Rachel looks away, speaks almost sarcastically, MUTTERING
50) 12) dialog: Kinner un Narre... ["Kinner un Narre saage die Waahret"  В– "Children and fools say the truth"  В– Amish expressions]
51) 2) text: Rachel's name and address scribbled on a page of the cale
52) 0) text: As light colors the eastern horizon, Book is crossing int Lancaster County. Book glances at Rachel; she's asleep. He coughs wrackingl hurting... cinches the belt of his overcoat even tighter. And...
53) 3) text: As Rachel steps out of the passenger's side, Book remains seated. He lets his eyes travel around the farm.
53) 4) dialog: Stay for awhile. Rest. I'll make  coffee and breakfast.
53) 6) dialog: What about Samuel? Will you come  back to take him to trial?
53) 9) text: Rachel stares at him, not sure what he means. Then backs  away, closing the door. Book begins to turn the car aroun in the barnyard.
53) 10) text: As Eli crosses to Rachel, his arm around Samuel.
53) 12) dialog: His name is John Book.
54) 0) text: As Samuel races for all he's worth across the field,  negotiates the creek via a fallen log В– Rachel, now, als running toward the car.
55) 1) text: We see that Rachel has made Book as comfortable as possib in the front seat of the car and is packing the wound und his trenchcoat with material ripped from her apron.  Momentarily he comes awake:
55) 2) dialog: But John... why didn't you go to a  hospital?
55) 4) dialog: (bewildered) But why?
55) 6) dialog: But В–
55) 9) text: He slips under again. Rachel stares at him, realizing the price he's paid in returning them to safety. She reaches out, touches him gently. But the moment is broken by...
55) 12) dialog: No...
56) 4) text: Rachel looks at him, nods. Eli frowns at Book's holstered pistol lying atop his neat folded clothes on a chair near the bed.
56) 6) dialog: I know.
56) 8) dialog: It will go when he goes.
57) 1) dialog: Thank you for coming, Stoltzfus.
58) 4) text: Rachel looks at Stoltzfus, then turns away, torn by her  dilemma. Her eyes fall on Samuel. Gently she ushers him from the r
58) 5) dialog: Go help Levi with the car, Samuel.
58) 7) dialog: No, he must stay here.
58) 10) dialog: We'll pray that he doesn't die! But  if he does, then we'll find a way so  no one knows!
58) 12) dialog: I know God help me, I know that,  Eli. (then) But I tell you that if he's found  here, the people who did this to him  will come for Samuel.
58) 13) text: Rachel beseeches them helplessly:
58) 14) dialog: What else can we do?
59) 1) dialog: Where she's waiting with the big barn doors thrown open. the mules tow the car in, she closes the doors.
60) 0) text: As Stoltzfus and Levi are about to go: Stoltzfus turns to Rachel:
60) 3) dialog: Thank you.
61) 0) text: As Rachel enters, turns up a kerosene lamp which is burni low at bedside. She's carrying the poultice Stoltzfus ord Book's brow is beaded with sweat. Rachel seats herself next to the bed, strips away the swe soaked sheet. Her eyes take in his bare torso, and we sho get the feeling that there's rather more male animal on  display here just now than she's quite comfortable with. She begins to apply the poultice.
61) 2) dialog: It's all right! You have got to lie  still.
61) 4) dialog: (soothingly) Yes, much better...
61) 5) text: As Book lapses back into sleep. Rachel hasn't removed her hand from his chest. Abruptly she does so. She finds herself wondering about this man lying before h so suddenly a part of her life. She notices details; brui scars, the knuckles are hard, grazed, a tattoo on one  shoulder. While lost in this reverie, the delirious  Philadelphia policeman begins to mutter. Incoherently at  first, then the words take shape В– swear words; curses; this and that; shit; etc. Rachel rises abruptly, her chee coloring, as the barrage of language pours from his mouth She beats a hasty retreat closing the door swiftly behind her.
64) 7) text: Tschantz grunts, motions, for the other clergy aside with him. Rachel enters briskly with a steaming pot of tea and a cu smiles.
64) 8) dialog: Hello.
64) 11) dialog: The leadership of our district...  the diener. Bishop Tschantz is the  one with no hair on top. They decided  to come and see you for themselves.  Except Stoltzfus, of course. He came  the first day. I think he saved your  life.
64) 13) text: Rachel brings him tea.
64) 15) dialog: Only the elders.
64) 17) dialog: What?
64) 19) dialog: Two days.
64) 21) dialog: (frowns) But you can't.
64) 22) text: He tries to rise, falls back faint. Rachel rearranges the sheet.
64) 23) dialog: See. Anyway, you don't have any  clothes on. And besides that, Bishop  Tschantz wants to talk to you when  you feel better.
64) 26) text: He goes. Book is still fending off the dizziness. Rachel  puts the teacup to his lips.
64) 28) dialog: (smiles) You tell him. When you're able.
64) 29) text: He looks like he's about to drop off again. Rachel rises.
64) 30) dialog: (from the door) We're all very happy that you're  going to live, John Book. We didn't  quite know what we were going to do  with you if you died.
65) 5) text: Rachel enters on this last.
65) 6) dialog: He'll leave as soon as he is able.  He already wants to go.
69) 15) text: Samuel levels the pistol at the door and, just as he snap the trigger, Rachel enters, pulls up short in some dismay find her son has a gun pointed at her. Samuel blanches an Book winces, knowing there's heavy weather ahead.
69) 16) dialog: (snaps) Samuel!
69) 18) dialog: Wait for me downstairs.
69) 19) text: Samuel quickly exits, and Rachel angrily advances on Book
69) 20) dialog: John Book, I would appreciate it if,  during the time you are with us, you  would have as little to do with Samuel  as possible.
69) 22) dialog: It's not the gun. Don't you  understand... It's you. What you  stand for. (and) That is not for Samuel.
69) 23) text: Book looks at her thoughtfully. Rachel softens a bit:
69) 24) dialog: Please, it has nothing to do with  you personally.
69) 27) text: A beat, then Rachel, takes the pistol and starts to go. B stops her:
69) 29) text: Rachel glances back at him, smiles and nods. And...
70) 0) text: Book's holstered gun and bullets at center table. Eli sit on one side, a chastened Samuel on the other. Rachel look on from the b.g. Eli knows that this is as important a dialogue as he will ever have with his grandson: at issue is one of the centr pillars of the Amish way.
73) 0) text: Book stands at the window in a worn robe. Below, through window, we can see Samuel and Eli in the barnyard. A beat then Book crosses impatiently back to his bed, sits down, picks up a dog-earred copy of The American Dairyman. Ther a stack of well-thumbed farm magazines and copies of The  Budget (the Amish newspaper) on the bedside table. There's a knock. Rachel enters carrying a pile of clothin She smiles.
73) 1) dialog: Enjoying your reading?
73) 3) dialog: Your shirt and jacket are still  stained with blood. I have them  soaking.You can wear these.
73) 6) dialog: Yes. It's good that someone can have  the use of them. Besides, in your  clothes you'd stand out to strangers.
73) 8) dialog: I should tell you these do not have  buttons. (shows him) See? Hooks and eyes.
73) 10) dialog: Buttons are Hochmut.
73) 12) dialog: Vain. Proud. Such a person is  Hochmutsnarr. He is not plain.
73) 14) dialog: (almost blushing) You make fun of me. Like the tourists. Driving by all the time. Some even  come into the yard. Very rude. They  seem to think we are quaint.
73) 18) dialog: Telephone? The Gunthers across the  valley. They're Mennonite. They have  cars and refrigerators and telephones  in the houses even.
73) 20) text: Rachel's face clouds.
73) 21) dialog: Well... the store at Saltzburg... (then briskly) But you won't be going to Saltzburg  for a while.
73) 23) dialog: But Stoltzfus said...
73) 25) dialog: You can go with Eli. He's taking  Samuel to school. But you'll have to  hurry.
73) 26) text: Rachel turns to leave when Book calls her back.
75) 0) text: Rachel washing dishes turns on hearing Book enter. She la out loud at the sight of him in his Amish gear, and right so В– the pants are highwater, the hat low-rise, the jack ill-fitting. Book looks self-conscious, even a little sheepish. Outside another SHOUT from Eli.
75) 1) dialog: You'd better go.
75) 4) text: The smile fades from Rachel's face as she reaches up into cupboard. She passes the gun in its holster to Book. He  fastens it about him. The contradiction of an "Armed Amis increases the awkwardness between them. Book turns his ba to her and checks the weapon. He turns back to her smilin in an odd way.
75) 6) dialog: Oh. The bullets.
83) 0) text: It is later in the morning. Rachel comes out onto the por tosses a pan of dirty dishwater off onto the grass, looks toward the barn.
85) 0) text: Book collects the pieces of the birdhouse which his car  knocked down the day of his attempted departure. He pause as a figure approaches. We recognize Daniel Hochstetler,  Rachel's would-be suitor. He heads for Book with an outgo smile and outstretched hand. Here's a likable man who lik people.
85) 10) text: As Rachel emerges from the house to greet him. She also  catches sight of Book and she pauses, a shadow of confusi crossing her expression for an instant. And Hochstetler doesn't miss it either. Then she gives her suitor a genuine smile of welcome.
85) 12) text: Where Rachel and Hochstetler are sitting in a porch swing sharing a pitcher of lemonade.
86) 0) text: Book works on repairing the broken birdhouse when Rachel  enters.
86) 2) dialog: Eli is a fine carpenter. Best in the  district. He and his father built  the big house themselves forty years  ago.
86) 4) dialog: We had some lemonade and he left.
86) 6) text: Rachel smiles. Book crosses to a workbench and selects an tool.
86) 7) dialog: You know carpentry?
86) 9) dialog: What else can you do?
86) 11) dialog: Whacking is not of much use on a  farm.
86) 13) dialog: I'm sorry. I'm sure it is.
86) 15) dialog: Tonight I'll let out those trousers  for you.
87) 0) text: Eli is seated at the head of the table, Book opposite Sam and Rachel. The table is piled high with an incredible am of food. Eli eyes Book cagily, waves his fork at him:
87) 4) text: Book swallows that one. With difficulty. Rachel intervene
87) 5) dialog: Eli, John is a carpenter. (conciliatory  afterthought) As well as being a fine policeman.
87) 9) dialog: But... You may not be well enough.
88) 0) text: As Rachel, lamp in hand, walks up to the barn. She looks to find Book tinkering with the battery hookup to the Lap buggy. He glances up as she enters:
88) 3) dialog: (beat) When will you be going?
88) 5) text: Another beat as Rachel watches him... Book, checking out battery power, hits the radio В– and suddenly from the  Twentieth Century comes the sound of one of its major  inventions В– rock and roll. It fills the barn, but Book turns up the volume a click m even and, eyeing Rachel, starts moving with the beat. It' his culture, coming through loud and clear, as incongruou as it all might seem with the tough Philly cop decked out Amish. Rachel can't help but laugh... Sensing her response, Book sweeps her up and they boogie in the lamplight, Rachel  alternately protesting and laughing.
88) 7) text: Rachel, confused, protests:
88) 8) dialog: No... You just stop В–
88) 11) text: And it goes on... Rachel alternately protesting and laugh
88) 20) dialog: I have done nothing against the  ordnung.
88) 22) dialog: I have committed no sin.
88) 24) dialog: That is idle talk.
88) 26) text: Rachel is annoyed В– also touched, no doubt, by the old m plea В– but irked by his condescending tone.
88) 27) dialog: I am not a child.
88) 29) dialog: I will be the judge of that.
88) 31) dialog: (blinking a tear now,  but meeting his gaze) You shame yourself.
90) 8) text: Rachel has entered the barn, is watching Book with a puzz expression.
90) 9) dialog: (surprised) Well...
90) 12) dialog: I see. (and) But I hope you have a lot of sugar. (then, going) Eli is ready to go to Zook's.
91) 5) text: He pumps Book's hand with his usual vigor, smiling a gree and pleasantry to Rachel. She looks on, amused. Hochstetler gives Rachel a look, and we realize that his  showing up just now to appropriate Book was no happenstan And Book realizes it as well.
91) 9) text: With that he throws a huge arm around Book's shoulder and ushers him away. Rachel calls after them:
91) 10) dialog: Good luck.
91) 17) text: As the morning progresses: ...Book and Hochstetler sawing and augering out heavy tim on big sawhorses. There's an unmistakable atmosphere of  competition between the two men, which doesn't go entirel unnoticed by the half-dozen or so other young men on the  gang. ...or, indeed, by Rachel; in fact, she seems В– without l on it too heavily В– to be measuring the two men as the m progresses, and she occasionally passes within proximity them. ...Eli and a couple of other elders prowling the job with sheaves of hand-drawn sketches under their arms, supervis the construction. All around them the structure is rising with remarkable rapidity. ...Rachel, where she's helping the women set out the huge noon meal. Other women are sitting on benches in the b.g. knitting or doing quiltwork. ...Samuel, where he's banging away with a hammer, with a  group of boys his own age. Elsewhere we see little girls  "botching" (a hand-clapping game played to German rhymes) ...The very elderly; sitting on the grass or in wheelchai in the sunlight, looking on В– the old men kibitzing in G the women gossiping. Until...
91) 21) dialog: All of them charitable, I'm sure.
95) 0) text: Where Rachel, dressed only in a plain cotton camisole, is pouring a pail of steaming water into a tub. She replaces the pail on the stove, turns and slips out o her camisole. Naked, she folds the garment across the bac of a chair. Then she pauses, containing a startled intake of breath.
96) 2) text: Where Rachel is scattering feed to the chickens. A beat, then Book approaches from behind her. A moment, a she senses his presence. Book watches as Rachel begins to gather the eggs, placing them in the fold of her apron. When he speaks, he speaks softly, and she pauses in her w
98) 0) text: Rachel is driving, Book sitting next to her. Samuel is in the back, looking out the rear window and not paying any  attention to the adults. A beat, then a large produce truck roars past them. It's Book can do to keep from flinching. Rachel stares straight ahead. Book glances at her.
98) 2) text: Rachel says nothing.
98) 4) text: Now Rachel can't help but smile. She looks at him. And...
99) 0) text: As Rachel eyes the other buggy through the windshield.
99) 1) dialog: Samuel, who is that?
100) 0) text: As Rachel waves at the occupants of the other buggy; Dani returns her greeting:
100) 2) text: Rachel gives him a look, and... gives the reins a flick В the race is on.
100) 3) text: Hochstetler has a couple of older folk on board, together with his young sister В– at first they're not aware of th race, until Daniel can contain his excitement no longer a gives his horse a couple of whoops. The buggies are neck neck, and the older people are not protesting loudly. It's all Book can do to refrain from grabbing the reins o Rachel, but she's something of a horsewoman and finally s gains the edge and pulls ahead of Hochstetler, to the che of Samuel and Book.
101) 0) text: It's a Saturday afternoon in the tourist season, and they everywhere В– taking shots of anything Amish. There's a R YOUNG ELEMENT amongst them who are making their presence  fast, and generally making a nuisance of themselves. Book and Rachel get out of the buggy. Samuel stays inside the crowds make him nervous. A huge tourist bus billowing smoke pulls up nearby. Rachel enters the store, but before Book can follow he's  stopped by a TOURIST LADY with an instamatic camera... Sh waggles the camera at him...
102) 0) text: Rachel is browsing among the stocked shelves in the compa of a young Amish woman, Ellie Beiler. Rachel is carrying  Ellie's tiny baby, and the infant is getting as much atte as the shopping. Book is standing at a wall pay phone in the b.g. We TIGHT to him, and...
105) 0) text: Book, as Rachel eyes him. She has noticed his changed moo but doesn't ask about it. He stares straight ahead, obliv to the surroundings of the street, now crawling with tour and traffic.
107) 0) text: As Rachel approaches the scene, slowing down and finally  stopping. Rachel is at first puzzled, then makes a small face, look at Book. Rachel puts a restraining hand on Book's arm.
107) 1) dialog: Do nothing. This happens from time  to time.
107) 3) dialog: It's not our way, John. We'll have  nothing to do with violence! John!
108) 7) text: The youth momentarily unsure В– something about Book's to of voice. The youth does pick up the hat, crumples it, st on it, and puts it back at a crazy angle on Book's head. pause, then Book explodes. The kid never knew what hit him or where it came from, he hits the road surface already unconscious. A second youth grabs Book from behind. A mistake. Book is smashing into  him, spatters of blood from his nose flying in all direct He's hitting too hard, too often. It's Schaeffer he's hit Hochstetler is pulling him away, Rachel is there too. A c is gathering, but as suddenly as it began it's over. Book shakes Hochstetler off him, straightens his hat, and in a kind of daze, begins walking past the scene in the direct of the Lapp farm. The youths are picking up their wounded, helping them bac to their truck, aided by none other than Hochstetler. An LOCAL addresses Rachel.
108) 9) dialog: (covering) He's from... Ohio... My cousin.
108) 11) dialog: John, lost control of himself. He...  will be repentant.
108) 13) dialog: Yes. Samuel! We're going.
108) 17) text: But Rachel is already steering past the scene and followi the by now distant figure of John Book.
109) 0) text: Book comes out of the carpenter's shop carrying the repai birdhouse on its pole in one hand, a shovel in the other. Rachel is shepherding the milking cows toward the barn.
109) 1) dialog: You should not bother with that  birdhouse. (a beat) If you're leaving tomorrow.
109) 4) dialog: There was a time when I thought you  might have stayed.
109) 6) dialog: There was a time when I would have  welcomed it.
109) 8) dialog: (asking) I was being foolish?
109) 10) dialog: You're so sure of that?
109) 12) dialog: (almost conceding it,  but... her voice  rising a bit, annoyed) I'm not so sure of anything as you  are, John Book. You could live this  life if you wanted to bad enough. (a beat) Just as I could live yours!
109) 14) dialog: There is always a way! But you are  such a... a Glotzkopp you cannot  see! You'd rather go back to that  city! To nothing! No woman! No  children! No land!
109) 16) dialog: What you do is take vengeance! Which  is a sin against heaven!
109) 18) dialog: That's God's way!
109) 21) dialog: I could never love a man who was  so... little.
109) 23) dialog: The other night... when you saw me  after my bath... I... I tried to  look as I thought you would want a  woman to look. (sadly... but with a  slight, proud lift  of chin) I am sorry... that I did not.
110) 0) text: Eli is lighting the lamps. Samuel reads a book at the kit table. Rachel moves slowly to the sink and begins washing few dishes. She looks out the window. CLOSE on her face, a strange expression.
111) 0) text: CLOSE on Rachel's hands, lifting items slowly up and of t water to the draining board, where she places them carefu down. She shakes the water off her hands. CLOSE on her face, still staring fixedly out the window. speaks without turning around.
111) 1) dialog: Eli, would you see Samuel to bed?
112) 0) text: In the rapidly fading light, Rachel walks slowly toward B CLOSE on her face, staring straight ahead toward Book. ANGLE on Book, CLOSE. He turns and watches Rachel's appro
112) 1) text: The light now nearly gone, the NIGHT SOUNDS beginning, as Rachel reaches Book and they embrace.
113) 0) text: Book and Rachel in a passionate embrace, sink to the stil warm earth and make love.
118) 0) text: Where Eli is getting into a heavy coat, preparing to go o the remains of the hearty morning breakfast are on the ta Rachel is beginning the dishes.
120) 0) text: Eli is preparing to extinguish the lamp when suddenly the kitchen door is kicked open and McElroy and Fergie weapon leveled, burst in. Eli reacts with angry shock as Schaeff enters: Rachel is, for a moment, terrified.
120) 6) dialog: (recovering) No, you listen. Get out!
120) 8) dialog: You have no right here!
120) 14) text: McElroy whips around, smashes Eli on the temple with the  butt of his shotgun. Eli crumples to the floor. Rachel  SCREAMS, runs to Eli.
123) 0) text: Rachel kneeling next to Eli, wiping at his bruise with a  damp cloth. Schaeffer looks on.
123) 2) dialog: You might have killed him!
132) 0) text: Rachel has moved into the open kitchen door, glances anxi toward the barns. Starts out. Schaeffer pushes her back.
132) 2) dialog: My son is out there!
136) 0) text: Eli now seated at the table, holding a cloth to his head. Rachel at a window, peering out. Schaeffer on the porch
141) 2) text: As Rachel starts off the porch, takes a few steps.
141) 5) dialog: She stops. She is also unable to see Samuel.
143) 5) dialog: Already halfway out to the barn, running to gather Sam in her arms... then to lead him back toward the house.
145) 2) text: Rachel stands aside as the old man embraces Samuel long a hard. She watches as he turns to the cupboard, takes down the b family Bible. He crosses to the table, sets the book down places his hand on its pulls Samuel to the table beside h Rachel holds another beat as she stares at the old man  helplessly, then she rushes to where she hid Book's gun,  takes it down... her trembling hands take the bullets out the coffee jar. She drops several as she tries to figure how to open the chamber to load it. In the b.g., Eli glances up, sees what she is about... he rises and crosses to her. Samuel watches from the table.
145) 4) dialog: I have to help him!
145) 5) text: Rachel somehow manages to open the chamber and begins to to load the bullets. Eli's callused hand closes over hers halting the action:
145) 7) text: Bullets are already CLATTERING to the floor from her trem fingers as she raises her eyes to Eli's. A long beat as Rachel looks at him... Finally her fingers release the pistol and it CLATTERS to the floor. She clos her eyes. Samuel, who has gotten up, moved to a window, watches Eli and Rachel silently. Eli leads her to the table, places her hands on the Bible beneath his. They stand there and they pray.
156) 0) text: Book opens the door of the car, turns to find Rachel stan there with his Amish hat in hand.
156) 1) dialog: I want you to take this... to remember  by.
156) 3) dialog: Here. Whenever you want them.