7) 3) dialog: Lapp was a good farmer. None better.
57) 0) text: As Samuel comes in with old Stoltzfus and Stoltzfus's tee son, LEVI.
57) 2) text: Stoltzfus's eyes have gone to the bed:
57) 3) dialog: That's the English is it?
58) 0) text: As Stoltzfus runs his fingers lightly over the vicinity o Book's wound:
58) 1) dialog: I feel... burning.
58) 2) text: As Stoltzfus, in his shirt sleeves and concentrating migh moistens his fingertips with saliva, continues the  examination. Finally he steps back.
58) 3) dialog: This man should be treated in town. (indicates) The bullet entered there... and came  out there. But there is the danger  of infection, and he has lost a great  deal of blood.
58) 4) text: Rachel looks at Stoltzfus, then turns away, torn by her  dilemma. Her eyes fall on Samuel. Gently she ushers him from the r
58) 6) text: She closes the door after him, then turns to face Eli and Stoltzfus:
58) 8) text: Stoltzfus gives Eli a puzzled look. And:
60) 0) text: As Stoltzfus and Levi are about to go: Stoltzfus turns to Rachel:
60) 1) dialog: Make a poultice... three parts milk,  two parts linseed oil... for the  infection.
60) 4) text: Stoltzfus turns to Eli:
60) 5) dialog: Lapp, I'll have to speak with the  diener on this matter.
61) 0) text: As Rachel enters, turns up a kerosene lamp which is burni low at bedside. She's carrying the poultice Stoltzfus ord Book's brow is beaded with sweat. Rachel seats herself next to the bed, strips away the swe soaked sheet. Her eyes take in his bare torso, and we sho get the feeling that there's rather more male animal on  display here just now than she's quite comfortable with. She begins to apply the poultice.
64) 3) text: PANNING the four men in Amish black who are standing arou the bed looking down at Book, muttering among themselves German. These include TSCHANTZ, the district bishop, a hawk-nosed sterneyed old fellow; Stoltzfus, a deacon as well as a he and two preachers, ERB and HERSHBERGER. Eli stands somewh apart.
64) 6) dialog: He was touched by God's hand.
64) 24) text: The elders appear to have concluded their conference, and are filing out. Stoltzfus pauses at bedside.
64) 25) dialog: Rest, Mr. Book. That's the ticket.  And drink my of my tea.
65) 7) text: Hershberger gives her a gloomy look, turns to Stoltzfus:
65) 9) dialog: (shrugs) A month. Maybe less. With God's  healing love.
142) 0) text: Beyond Samuel, well out in the fields of the Stoltzfus fa Stotlzfus and others В– including Hochstetler and his bro В– are baling the first cutting of June hay. But the operation has come to a halt. All are looking in  toward the Lapp farm, hearing the RINGING OF THE BELL (th Amish cry for help), wondering, hesitating. But now, as we watch, led by Hochstetler, they start in t Samuel.
150) 10) text: Old Stoltzfus and Samuel standing in the kickboard openin (Schaeffer having kicked the kickboard in when he heard t shot from within the silo). They stand solemnly, looking as:
150) 15) text: As Book and McElroy move out of the silo, down the passag toward the milkhouse, Stoltzfus and Sam (after a glance i at the inert McElroy) follow and...
151) 0) text: As first Stoltzfus and Samuel, then Book and Schaeffer em into the barnyard. Schaeffer has the muzzle of his pistol pressed firmly against Book's throat, just below his jaw. Schaeffer pulls up, frowning:
151) 2) text: The Amishmen gathered В– the Stoltzfus family, the Hochst brothers, et al. All staring hard at Schaeffer and Book.