3) 0) text: Guido, Dante and Fausto hurry through the studio en route to the Production Offices. Behind them is a large poster of CLAUDIA, starring in Guido's last movie, a failure, LA DONNA MODERNA (The Modern Woman). As Guido passes he causes a mild stir, and many people nod deferentially, offer a Maestro, or Dottore. Guido nods.
46) 0) text: IMAGES OF CLAUDIA in his fantasy.   Kissing him. Walking away...
52) 1) text: He moves round to the front of the model and places another figure on the top of the scaffold tower. He knocks it over. Unconvinced, he sits down on the sofa. The coffee table is covered in head-shots. He finds the one of Claudia.   Guido looks at it. He lies back to write and finds himself in CLAUDIA'S LAP. She hands him a lipstick, smiles and strokes his hair. He starts to sign - "TO HIS EXCELLENCY.... " then paints his lips and kisses the photo himself. Claudia laughs.
104) 0) text: Guido's Roadster approaches the gates. There are PAPARAZZI gathered for the arrival of Claudia, for the beginning of filming. They drive through, solemn faced, ignoring the press.
105) 10) text: A couple of huge cameras are being prepared, some lights are being flown up into the grid, the LOADER is preparing the Clapper Board. The Loader has created a slate: ITALIA, CLAUDIA JENSSEN, HAIR AND MAKEUP TESTS. The gang enters. Guido says a brisk hello to the crew, then leaves the set quickly. Finds the studio telephone behind the flats. He dials. Guido waits. Luisa picks up the phone.
105) 20) text: Guido walks forward and sits by the camera, as suddenly there's a commotion at the studio door, and Lilli and some of her assistants come through, silhouettes only, followed by a tall figure, who demands the space around her. As the others walk towards a holding area with costumes, and wigs and all manner of items, the woman, who is CLAUDIA, of course, simply walks into the light, her home, and stands there waiting for Guido. She looks stunning and glamorous. The epitome of a Sixties movie star. Guido gets up and approaches Claudia. Pierpaolo acts as First Assistant Director.
105) 23) dialog: Yes, I can turn to my right.
105) 25) dialog: Yes, I can turn to my left.
105) 27) dialog: (she turns around) Okay, one slow turn.
105) 31) dialog: Has anybody got a script? Script missing, handsome reward.... Lost, one script, title Italia. Can't make a film without it... Lilli comes forward, puts a chinchilla fur coat on Claudia, adjusts her hair.
105) 32) dialog: So interesting to do hair and makeup for a part when you don't know what the part is. Guido adores her, her spirit, her feistiness.
105) 33) dialog: (shrugs off the coat) No! I'm going back to my hotel now.
105) 35) dialog: (to Guido) I'm going back to my hotel now, my darling, and when I there is a script, I'll read it and then we'll take it from there. (calls over to Lilli) I love the costumes, Lilli. They are beautiful. (back to the guys, sweetly)
105) 42) text: Guido races after Claudia, taking the chinchilla coat from Lilli with him. Opportunity for escape.
106) 0) text: Guido drives Claudia towards the gates, which swing open. The paparazzi are in waiting and swarm the car, flashbulbs popping, men clambering onto the car for a picture of the Star driving away with her Director. Lots of shouting and pleas, lots of remonstration from Guido. They drive away, and are immediately followed by a posse of photographers on their mopeds and Vespas and little cars.
107) 0) text: Guido's Roadster roars away, the papparazzi posse following.   Guido glances at Claudia, loves having her in the car, she's such a class act. He's always inspired. He's driving fast but distracted by her.
107) 2) dialog: You're not seeing me, you're seeing Lilli's wigs and makeup, I'm somewhere hidden underneath. Guido's a good driver and weaves in and out of the traffic. So do the posse, but as the road opens up, they can't keep up with him and he manages to overtake a car, they speed after him.
108) 2) dialog: I'm assuming that's code for there's no script. Guido is exasperated.
108) 5) dialog: So Lilli says I'm playing a million different parts -
108) 7) dialog: (teasing him) So I'm the women behind the great men?
108) 12) dialog: (deflating)
108) 15) dialog: (decisive)
108) 18) dialog: I'd rather be the man. She grabs his hat, puts it on her head.     Saunters down the road. He follows.
109) 1) dialog: 
110) 1) dialog: These women who come off their pedestals for a kiss - they're just fantasies.
111) 1) dialog: 
112) 2) dialog: I can't keep playing that part.
112) 4) dialog: When there's a camera between us.
112) 6) dialog: It's not a real person, Guido. (pointed) And this man you describe - he doesn't know how to love.
112) 7) dialog: 
113) 0) text: Claudia heads towards a little Piazza with an ancient fountain in the centre of the square. The Piazza is empty except for a few cars parked where the entrances have been blocked off. Claudia steps up onto the fountain. p. 79
113) 3) dialog: And why didn't you?
114) 1) dialog: 
115) 0) text: Claudia leaves behind the hat on the fountain and moves closer to Guido. The music continues.
115) 1) dialog: Maybe you should have knocked, maybe you should have knocked me right off the pedestal. I can't do this anymore. She takes off her wig and diamond earrings.
115) 2) dialog: This is me.   And you have a wife who loves you. She hands him the wig and the earrings.    She kisses him.
115) 3) dialog: I'll miss you. Wrong girl. The music ends.   Claudia turns and walks away. p. 80
116) 0) text: A screen, the leader of a film reel, numbers counting down, the synch pop on 3, and Claudia appears on the screen, looking extraordinary from the hair and makeup test. People start to comment, all enthusiastically. Guido gets a cigarette off Pierpaolo and lights up.
133) 0) text: The camera moves through the backstage mayhem. Mamma is in her dressing room preparing. Saraghina is sharing a dressing room with a Priest. He is helping with her corset. Carla and Luigi. Carla fixes her husband's hair. Claudia and Stephanie smoke and talk. Lilli adjusts her own, and other men's wardrobe.