2) 0) text: The fantasy ends abruptly with A VIOLENT GRATING NOISE, as the studio's truck doors are yanked open, jolting Guido who is slumped in the crane seat. Harsh daylight penetrates the gloom. Too bright. He blinks, discombobulated, as a group of silhouetted figures approach with purpose. One of the figures is a well- fed, amiable character, DANTE. He is Guido's longtime associate and Producer. A younger, more ascetic figure accompanies him, sharp and birdlike. This is FAUSTO, an accountant. Dante speaks quickly and without obvious punctuation:
2) 1) dialog: (walking) Guido! You're here.
2) 3) dialog: I've been looking for you all over the place. The set's coming along. How are you?
2) 5) dialog: Bene. My God, you look terrible, better go to makeup, forget you've got a press conference?
2) 7) dialog: Yes, makeup and wardrobe. He takes Guido's arm and they head towards daylight. Guido looks back at Fausto, who follows and with a look and a gesture asks Dante who is he?
2) 9) dialog: (interrupts) He's counting costs, you know. The Bank wants him here. (to Fausto) Don't speak to him, I speak to him.
3) 0) text: Guido, Dante and Fausto hurry through the studio en route to the Production Offices. Behind them is a large poster of CLAUDIA, starring in Guido's last movie, a failure, LA DONNA MODERNA (The Modern Woman). As Guido passes he causes a mild stir, and many people nod deferentially, offer a Maestro, or Dottore. Guido nods.
4) 0) text: A long corridor, bustling with activity. The trio heads down it. If a pretty girl goes by, and there are several, both Guido and Dante turn to look but without missing a beat of their solemn conversation. p. 5
4) 15) dialog: He's not exactly from the bank, Guido. Now BENITO, Guido's Casting Director, moves towards Guido, Guido tries to duck away from him as they head towards Guido's office.
4) 19) dialog: Not now. He's got the Press Conference.
5) 2) dialog: He needs a shirt and tie, Lilli. Guido sits up on Lilli's table, as Dante heads to Lilli's desk and picks up the phone to make a call.
5) 6) dialog: (in the background, on the phone)
5) 17) dialog: Alright. Two minutes Guido. Lilli is the only person who intimidates Dante. He leaves. Guido pulls out his own tie from his pocket. Lilli walks round and takes the tie off him. Guido sits up. Lilli puts the tie round his neck.
6) 0) text: Guido is driving his Roadster   through the streets of Rome. An Italian pop song of    the day is playing on the radio as he speeds around the   Piazza del Poppolo. In front of him in the convoy is   Dante with Fausto.
9) 0) text: The convoy comes to a quick stop in front of the Hotel Excelsior on the Via Veneto. As soon as Guido gets out of the car, the waiting paparazzi snap his picture. Beautiful women look at him. Guido moves quickly by them. Dante and the team hurry after him.   Fausto tackles Dante. And they hurry after Guido.
10) 3) dialog: Silenzio, per favore...Thank you, thank you...
10) 5) dialog: I want to say a few words from my heart. I am humbled and thrilled to be able to announce that I am producing Guido Contini's next film, Italia, which will star once again Contini's longtime inspiration, the international film star, Claudia Jenssen... A stunning film poster is revealed -- Claudia Jenssen emerging from the Colosseum: CLAUDIA JENSSEN. UN FILM DI GUIDO CONTINI. ITALIA. Flashes. Excitement.
10) 6) dialog: ...we start shooting in ten days time in Cinecitta. That makes it one week from Monday. (to Guido, handing over) Thank you, Maestro, thank you very much. This is our ninth film together. Guido Contini.
10) 19) dialog: Our next film will be exactly as it sounds. Italia. It's the very spirit of Italy - Italy as myth, Italy as a woman, Italy as a dream.
47) 15) dialog: Guidino! Guido hurries towards the elevator. The elevator doors close. Guido is trapped.
47) 17) dialog: Please - it's my job. A producer needs to know where his director is at all times...even to know the pensione where his mistress is staying...
47) 19) dialog: I understand, Guido. Rome is absolutely unbearable. The pressure. It's no good.
48) 1) dialog: Of course I understand.      Absolutely.
48) 3) dialog: No. You're a genius and genius must be served. p. 34
48) 5) dialog: You can't be in Rome. Okay. (heading towards the ballroom)
49) 1) dialog: Rome will come to you! Dante opens the door of the Ballroom to reveal a full
49) 3) dialog: It's a fantastic place for you to focus. Everyone is here to help the movie. Everyone is here because they love you, Guido. He stands watching Guido with genuine admiration as he sets to work with his team. Guido moves through the room avoiding specific questions from everyone. As he does so, Dante makes his way over to Guido with a magnificent girl on his arm.
49) 5) dialog: Guido...you remember Donatella.
49) 9) dialog: Donatella, you tested her.
49) 21) text: Yes, yes, that's what I say, people just don't realise - she's an actress as well as a star - I know Dante's dying to talk to you. A dolpo. Ciao. He hands the phone to Dante, who's delighted to see Guido back on good directing mode.
49) 22) dialog: Lombardo... p. 36
49) 23) text: As Dante takes over, Guido walks away, heads towards Lilli and her domain.
69) 3) dialog: Claudia is going to be amazing.
69) 6) dialog: (defending his director) The screenplay is first of all a map. That's a map. p. 49
69) 21) dialog: (Seeing Luisa) Here she is. At last.   Magnificent. You know Donatella?
69) 27) dialog: Happy Birthday!
103) 2) dialog: We're going back to Rome.
103) 4) dialog: Luisa? She's gone. She's had it with you. (different tone) And quite frankly, so have I. You drag a whole crew up here and then you just disappear.
103) 6) dialog: I can't protect you anymore. And Claudia is in Rome. Makeup tests start today. Remember?
103) 8) dialog: You can't. You must. Don't sit down.
103) 10) dialog: (still packing) You've had help. You've seen the doctors, you've seen the priests, you've taken the cure.
103) 12) dialog: (decisive, no arguments) That's enough! The movie calls, your star has landed. Fausto - take his things please. Dante walks over to the door with the suitcase, passing Fausto. A Bellboy and a luggage cart stand in the hall.
103) 13) dialog: (impatient, at the door) Guido! Andiamo!
104) 2) dialog: Forget the script. Claudia's here now. She'll inspire you to do what you do best, write with your camera. p. 71
105) 2) dialog: Tonight.   We'll watch everything tonight and make some decisions.
105) 4) dialog: Tonight.
105) 38) dialog: Claudia!
105) 40) dialog: Fair?
105) 43) dialog: (calling to Guido) You've got dailies, Guido.
105) 45) dialog: (shouting) You've got meetings.
116) 1) dialog: (to Lilli) Great work, Lilli... Wonderful costume...
116) 3) dialog: ...and the hair, makeup, fantastic. Guido watches, sitting alone, he turns around as he sees someone come in the door, but it's Gianluca, not Luisa.
116) 5) dialog: Two great profiles.
116) 7) dialog: And the back isn't too bad.
116) 9) dialog: Fantastic. Guido?     Really nice. Who's next?
116) 11) dialog: Okay.   Let's see the actresses. The reel finishes. The lights come up, to excited chatter, he looks at Lilli a row or two behind him, she shrugs sympathetically. The room goes dark, the next reel begins.      Guido turn back to look at the screen. p. 81
116) 12) text: During the reel, Dante is very decisive... shouts out, as the women appear. They come on, one after the other, say their names. Guido gives them things to do.   Pick up the phone and argue with your lover. No, make him laugh. Make him want you.   Walk towards the camera as if you were frightened. As if you were angry. ON ELEANORA - very angry on the phone:
116) 14) dialog: Well they can keep her.
116) 16) dialog: She's peculiar. You don't like her Guido? Next actress: ILARIA. Someone comes in the door. Guido turns and sees it's Luisa, sitting next to Lilli. She's come. He turns back to the screen. Another actress appears. It's Donatella. Very nervous. She says her name. Guido instructs her.     She tries the phone, the walks. She's not a natural. Luisa finds the gentle humor in this situation. She looks at Guido. A little smile. He feels it like sunshine. He turns back to the screen.
116) 17) dialog: She's nice.
116) 19) dialog: Even better. She's a bit nervous here. What do you say, Guido? Donatella's nice? Another girl: ALESSIA. Very striking. Keeps looking out past the camera, getting sotto voce instructions from Guido. Her hair is in a chignon. She begins her improv, but Guido interrupts her, suddenly appears in front of the camera. Approaches her, and undoes the chignon, freeing her hair. She's beautiful and innocent. Guido says something to her, a whisper. But what he says and how he says it, the smile it provokes, goes like a dagger to Luisa. p. 82
116) 20) dialog: Who's this? I thought we were looking for a blonde.
116) 22) dialog: Very tall.
116) 24) dialog: It's not the point.     Guido wants the blonde.
116) 26) dialog: Shh.
116) 28) dialog: She's too beautiful.      For my tastes. As the reel finishes... and the lights come up.
116) 29) dialog: I don't know what Guido thinks. I think we are happy with Donatella. Donatella's better, isn't she?
116) 31) dialog: (delighted, jumps up) Great. Anyway, fantastic day, but we have to go home. We have a very, very busy day tomorrow. Thank you very much everybody. Thank you. Okay, well done. The screening room empties, a lot of mutual congratulations on good work, especially to Lilli, and a hug or a handshake from almost everybody for Luisa. Lilli kisses her, leaves. Just the two of them now, husband and wife, several rows apart in the empty screening room.
126) 0) text: The metal soundstage door opens as Guido and Dante walk through and into the sunlight. Guido is defeated. He stops at his car and turns to Dante. Guido gets in his car. Guido drives away. Dante watches him go.