32) 0) text: ...CLOSE-UP on Guido's eye, being held open by a DOCTOR. Guido is on the bed, shirt open. The Doctor examines Guido's eye while a heavy-set NURSE takes his blood pressure. The Doctor stands and turns to his case.
32) 3) dialog: Si? He walks round to her. The Nurse whispers to the Doctor. They look at the blood pressure gauge. Guido is disturbed by their conspiracy.
32) 5) dialog: (to the Nurse, not answering Guido)
32) 6) text: Check again. The doctor, interrupting him, takes a tongue depressor from his kit. The doctor, sits on the bed beside Guido, and takes his cigarette out of his mouth. He stubs it out. p. 23
32) 7) dialog: Stress.    Exhaustion. THE PHONE RINGS. The doctor is in the way of the phone. Guido desperately makes an attempt to reach it and can't. He's trapped by the doctor and by the nurse holding his arm.
32) 8) dialog: Your liver, your heart, your kidneys, they're all very cross with you, Signore.
33) 5) dialog: Open wide. Guido opens wide, gagging, as the phone continues ringing. Guido looks at the ringing phone, but the nurse has his arm in her grip as she takes his blood pressure for the second time. And the phone continues ringing.
33) 6) dialog: But you've come to the right place. There are a dozen mineral springs around the town...
34) 5) dialog: ...the Roman emperors came here for the waters... Guido lunges for the ringing phone, with the blood pressure cuff still on his arm, and picks it up. It is CARLA, at the perfect wrong time.
35) 10) text: It's a very an important call, Doctor. I'm sorry, I have to take it. Private call.
35) 11) dialog: As you wish.
37) 2) dialog: (to Guido) Is something wrong?
39) 0) text: Guido trying to hide the effects of this phone sex from the Doctor and Nurse.
94) 0) text: Guido goes in with the Matron to find her DAUGHTER pressing a cold compress onto Carla's head as she lies, feverish in the bed. DOCTOR RONDI is packing up his things.
94) 3) dialog: Signor Contini. As Guido makes to leave -
95) 0) text: Guido and Doctor Rondi come out. Guido is concerned. Doctor Rondi writes out a prescription as he talks.
95) 1) dialog: She took five or six pills, enough to make herself very sick. I understand she's your mistress. (Guido can't answer) This is a sordid business. You movie people, I suppose you don't consider yourself bound by morality... Guido doesn't fight. Rondi hands him the prescription, picks up his bag, turns and walks away, leaving Guido leaning against the wall...