2) 0) text: The fantasy ends abruptly with A VIOLENT GRATING NOISE, as the studio's truck doors are yanked open, jolting Guido who is slumped in the crane seat. Harsh daylight penetrates the gloom. Too bright. He blinks, discombobulated, as a group of silhouetted figures approach with purpose. One of the figures is a well- fed, amiable character, DANTE. He is Guido's longtime associate and Producer. A younger, more ascetic figure accompanies him, sharp and birdlike. This is FAUSTO, an accountant. Dante speaks quickly and without obvious punctuation:
2) 6) dialog: (discreetly, to Dante) He has no tie.
2) 8) dialog: (overlapping Dante) Signor Contini, I'm Fausto.     Good morning, Signor Contini. p. 4
2) 10) dialog: Okay, I have some questions for Signor Contini.
3) 0) text: Guido, Dante and Fausto hurry through the studio en route to the Production Offices. Behind them is a large poster of CLAUDIA, starring in Guido's last movie, a failure, LA DONNA MODERNA (The Modern Woman). As Guido passes he causes a mild stir, and many people nod deferentially, offer a Maestro, or Dottore. Guido nods.
3) 1) dialog: Yes, but please, please, I think it's customary for there to be an approved script and budget before filming commences...
3) 3) dialog: It's not my intention to be difficult. Maestro, I am a huge admirer of Maestro Contini's movies, your early films are...everybody loves them and... I consider it a great honour for me to be here now... none the less, I need a script and a budget. Neither Dante nor Guido respond. Fausto flounders. They make their way to the Production Offices. Everywhere signs for the movie, ITALIA.
4) 10) dialog: (at the same time) Not ready?!
6) 0) text: Guido is driving his Roadster   through the streets of Rome. An Italian pop song of    the day is playing on the radio as he speeds around the   Piazza del Poppolo. In front of him in the convoy is   Dante with Fausto.
9) 0) text: The convoy comes to a quick stop in front of the Hotel Excelsior on the Via Veneto. As soon as Guido gets out of the car, the waiting paparazzi snap his picture. Beautiful women look at him. Guido moves quickly by them. Dante and the team hurry after him.   Fausto tackles Dante. And they hurry after Guido.
69) 5) dialog: (hissing at Dante) Dante, you see, he hasn't written a word...
116) 6) dialog: She's a goddess.
116) 8) dialog: She came directly from Venus. Beautiful.
116) 18) dialog: She's very natural.
116) 21) dialog: She's too tall.
116) 25) dialog: She's not bad, but -
116) 27) dialog: She's beautiful.