4) 1) text: As they progress into and through the open plan office, many of the crew look up and cluster around, trying to get Guido's attention, swelling the procession, interjecting with their urgent requests. There are set models everywhere, in the process of being constructed, or painted. JACONELLI, Guido's production designer, looks up from a model, hurries over. Nobody stops moving. As a pretty girl passes between them, they all turn to look. PIERPAOLO, Guido's young PA, has caught up with the procession. He has dozens of phone messages, sorting through them, as he walks alongside Guido, through a partitioned office -
4) 2) dialog: Where do you want your messages?
4) 4) dialog: There's no room on your desk. - into the main office -
4) 6) dialog: (waving them at him) Some of these are urgent!
49) 13) dialog: Maestro... Pierpaolo, Guido's assistant, holds a telephone.   Guido wants to know who it is.
49) 14) dialog: Claudia's agent... Guido grimaces. Then takes the phone.   He attacks the phone call with gusto.
49) 16) text: Did she like the script? (gestures for Pierpaolo to light him a cigarette)
49) 17) text: No no no no - impossibile - are you telling me she didn't get the script? (shouting at Pierpaolo) Pierpaolo! He takes the cigarette with a smile, and then without missing a beat starts barking at Pierpaolo.
49) 19) dialog: (playing along) Yes, I'm sorry. Right now.
105) 0) text: The whole energy of this return to Cinecitta is hectic, people wanting to work, equipment waiting to work, everybody and everything needing Guido's attention. Guido drives towards the stages. Guido feels the pressure that the whole studio is gearing up for a movie that doesn't exist. Guido is trying not to panic. He feels as if he's just arrived in prison camp. He drives fast and straight to Stage 4, and as they head towards the studio, they are immediately swamped. Pierpaolo has a hundred requests for Guido...
105) 1) dialog: Maestro, the screen tests are back from the lab. Will you watch them now?
105) 3) dialog: Design meeting? Production meeting?
105) 5) dialog: Tonight. Dante marches Guido towards the stage. Lilli joins them.
105) 15) dialog: Maestro. Guido nods, waves him away.
105) 20) text: Guido walks forward and sits by the camera, as suddenly there's a commotion at the studio door, and Lilli and some of her assistants come through, silhouettes only, followed by a tall figure, who demands the space around her. As the others walk towards a holding area with costumes, and wigs and all manner of items, the woman, who is CLAUDIA, of course, simply walks into the light, her home, and stands there waiting for Guido. She looks stunning and glamorous. The epitome of a Sixties movie star. Guido gets up and approaches Claudia. Pierpaolo acts as First Assistant Director.
105) 21) dialog: Silence please. Se gira. And we are rolling. Guido gets behind the camera and films Claudia's test.
105) 29) dialog: We've got it. Next costume please. Makeup artists and costume assistants immediately surround her, loosening her hair. Dante is thrilled. Fausto is also mesmerised.    She's a star, that's the long and short of it. p. 74
105) 34) dialog: (anxious) But please, just a couple more costumes, Claudia.
116) 0) text: A screen, the leader of a film reel, numbers counting down, the synch pop on 3, and Claudia appears on the screen, looking extraordinary from the hair and makeup test. People start to comment, all enthusiastically. Guido gets a cigarette off Pierpaolo and lights up.
132) 0) text: Guido pulls up in his car outside the soundstage. He stops the engine, and sits for a moment in silence. Summoning his courage, he gets out of the car. He is greeted by Pierpaolo. He seems to need and acknowledge his support. Pierpaolo is tender.
132) 2) dialog: You'll remember.
136) 3) dialog: Maestro, should I call final checks?
136) 5) dialog: Makeup, please! Final checks! A LONG WIDE PAN reveals a tableau vivant looming behind Guido like a glorious choir, his every muse, his every inspiration. They watch him as he begins to work. A part of him now and forever. Guido sits on the crane. The soundstage door opens, and we see a small figure slip quietly onto the set. Tentatively, she steps through the shadows. It's Luisa. From a discreet distance, she watches her husband return to his gift. Pierpaolo calls for silence.
136) 6) dialog: Alora. Silencio per favore. Silence please. (to camera) Gyriamo. E alora motore! p. 93